Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC 168

Suit No 284 of 2018

Between

| Angliss Singapore Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| Yee Heng Khay (alias Roger)  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

judgment

[Employment Law] — [Employees’ duties]

[Intellectual Property] — [Law of confidence] — [Breach of confidence]

[Contract] — [Confidentiality] — [Breach]

[Equity] — [Confidentiality] — [Breach]

[Equity] — [Fiduciary relationships] — [When arising]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Angliss Singapore Pte Ltd

  
v

  

Yee Heng Khay (alias Roger)

[2021] SGHC 168

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 284 of 2018  
Valerie Thean J  
2–5, 11, 15–19 February, 10 May 2021

30 July 2021 Judgment reserved.

Valerie Thean J:

Introduction

1 Angliss Singapore Pte Ltd (“Angliss”), a food distributor, brought this suit
against a former employee, Mr Yee Heng Khay (alias Roger) (“Mr Yee”), for
breach of confidence; breach of contractual duties of confidence, loyalty and
fidelity; and breach of fiduciary duties. The loss claimed is that resulting
from Angliss’s loss of a distributorship agreement with a supplier, Arla Food
Ingredients Singapore Pte Ltd (“Arla”), which instead signed a distributorship
agreement with another food distributor, Indoguna Singapore Pte Ltd
(“Indoguna”), where Mr Yee was employed at the time of the commencement of
this suit. While Mr Yee admits that he took confidential information belonging
to Angliss, he denies any misuse of this information, and further asserts that
it was Angliss’s own actions that caused its loss.

Facts

Relevant parties

2 The plaintiff, Angliss, is a food distribution company incorporated in
Singapore 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 2) (“SOC”) at para 1.

and owned by Bid Corporation Limited, a company listed on the Johannesburg
Stock Exchange. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief of Ding Siew Peng Angel dated 16 October 2020
(“Ms Ding’s AEIC”) at para 3.

3 The employees of Angliss who are relevant to the present suit include:

(a) Ms Ding Siew Peng Angel (“Ms Ding”), the managing director; 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Ms Ding’s AEIC at para 1.

(b) Mr Teh Teik Wang (“Mr Teh”), currently the general manager of project
management, who was the senior sales manager at the material time; 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief of Teh Teik Wang dated 16 October 2020 (“Mr
Teh’s AEIC”) at paras 1 and 8.

(c) Ms Ong Hui Ting (“Ms Ong”), the customer service executive from 1 December
2014 to 18 May 2018; 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief of Ong Hui Ting dated 3 October 2020 (“Ms Ong’s
AEIC”) at para 1.

(d) Ms Watt Wai Leng (“Ms Watt”), the general manager of procurement and
shipping; 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief of Watt Wai Leng dated 16 October 2020 (“Ms
Watt’s AEIC”) at para 1.

and

(e) Ms Lena Chua Tiong Seng (“Ms Chua”), the senior human resource and
administration manager. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief of Lena Chua Tiong Seng dated 16 October 2020
(“Ms Chua’s AEIC”) at para 1.

4 Arla is a key client of Angliss, having distributed its dairy products
through Angliss in Singapore for some 47 years. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

SOC at para 1; Defence (Amendment No 2) (“Defence”) at para 3; Ms Ding’s AEIC
at para 11.

Arla’s employees who are relevant to this dispute include:

(a) Mr Henrik Björkqvist, the sales manager for the Southeast Asia region (“Mr
Björkqvist”); and

(b) Mr Kong Vee Hong, a sales manager (“Mr Kong”). 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions (“DWS”) at para 116(ii).

5 On 30 December 2017, Arla terminated its exclusive distributorship
relationship with Angliss, informing them that they would work instead with
Indoguna, one of Angliss’s competitors in the food service industry. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

SOC at paras 11–12; 10 AB 6941.

Indoguna’s employees who are relevant to this dispute include:

(a) Ms Helene Raudaschl (“Ms Raudaschl”), the managing director at the
material time; 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions (“PWS”) at p 4 (table titled “Dramatis
Personae”); DWS at para 313.

(b) Mr Thomas Ng (“Mr Ng”), who was involved in sales at Indoguna; 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

PWS at para 25; Transcript, 16 February 2021 at p 38 lines 26–29.

(c) Mr Mo Melwani (“Mr Melwani”), the director of sales as at December 2017;
13

##### Foot Note 13

×

PWS at p 4 (table titled “Dramatis Personae”) and para 41; DWS at para
117(iii).

and

(d) Mr Chong Chee Boon Jason (“Mr Chong”), the assistant general manager from
1 February 2017 to 8 July 2018. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief of Chong Chee Boon Jason dated 2 January 2020
(“Mr Chong’s AEIC”) at para 1.

He was called as a witness for Angliss during the trial.

6 Angliss contends that the change of distributorship was the result of the
misuse of its confidential information by the defendant, Mr Yee, its former
dairy sector business development manager (“BDM”).

Factual background

Mr Yee’s employment history and appointment as BDM at Angliss

7 From 2010 to 2012, Mr Yee worked for Indoguna as a senior sales executive in
its food service division, where he first met Ms Raudaschl and Mr Ng. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

PWS at para 25; DWS at para 44.

He then left Indoguna to work for Angliss from July 2012 as a senior sales
executive for pastry products. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Defence at para 5; Reply (Amendment No 1) (“Reply”) at para 6.

In September 2013, he was appointed as an assistant sales manager at Angliss,
before being promoted in July 2015 to the deputy sales manager of Angliss’s
food service division. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Defence at para 5; Reply at para 6.

He then moved to a food processing company in late 2016. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Defence at para 6; Reply at para 7.

While at this company, he was persuaded by Ms Ding to join Angliss again as
its BDM (Dairy), on a probationary basis from 15 June 2017. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

SOC at para 2; Defence at paras 5–7.

His letter of appointment dated 11 May 2017 (the “Employment Contract”)
contained the following clauses which are relevant to the dispute:

(a) Clause 3.4 requires Mr Yee to “faithfully and conscientiously observe and
execute [his] assigned duties and responsibilities and use [his] best
endeavour [sic] to further the interest of [Angliss]”. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents Vol 7 (“7 AB”) at p 4285.

(b) Clause 15 restricts Mr Yee’s dealings with Angliss’s confidential
information (the “Confidentiality Clause”). Clause 15.1 defines confidential
information broadly as being any information “relating to all or any part of
the business, property, assets, technology, activities, services, financial
affairs, management and administration of [Angliss] and which is confidential
to [Angliss] or treated as confidential, including, without limitation,
technical [i]nformation, lists of [Angliss’s] customers, suppliers, agents,
distributors and any other third parties dealing with [Angliss], trade names,
trademarks, service marks or other proprietary business designations used or
owned by [Angliss]”. Then, amongst other things, it restricts any disclosure
or duplication of confidential information. Clause 15.1 also provides that Mr
Yee’s obligations of confidentiality would continue to be valid and binding
notwithstanding the termination of his employment with Angliss. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

7 AB Vol 7 4289.

The Employment Contract also contained a non-competition clause (the “Non-
Competition and Non-Solicitation Clause”) that Angliss initially sought to
enforce. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

7 AB Vol 4290; SOC at para 16.

At the oral closing submissions, counsel for Angliss informed that it was no
longer pursuing remedies for any breach of this clause. I therefore do not
deal with the issues pertaining to that clause or cause of action in this
judgment.

8 Mr Yee’s job scope as a BDM was to oversee the business development of all
the dairy brands managed by Angliss. There were about ten dairy brands,
including Arla. In this role, he was also in charge of two brands which
complemented the dairy brands. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Ms Ding’s AEIC, paras 20 – 22.

He had a team of several sales executives to assist him in carrying out this
job scope. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

PWS at paras 21 and 174; DWS at para 106.

It was not disputed that he had a direct reporting line to Ms Ding and Mr Teh,
who were, at the material time, the managing director and senior sales manager
of Angliss respectively. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

PWS at para 20; DWS at para 107.

9 As Angliss’s BDM, Mr Yee had access to the contact details of, and was in
frequent contact with, Angliss’s customers and suppliers for its food service
business, including representatives of Arla. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

SOC at para 5(b)(ii); Defence at para 11(c).

He also had access to data and documents on Angliss’s information systems. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

SOC at para 5(b)(i); Defence at para 11(b).

However, Mr Yee only had viewing rights within these systems, and was not able
to copy, edit or print information such as client lists, product lists, price
lists, sales revenue and profit margins (the “Restricted Files”). If any
employee required access to editable versions of the Restricted Files, he had
to ask Ms Ong, who had charge of the systems with the confidential
information, for assistance. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

SOC at para 10(a); Ms Ding’s AEIC at para 144; Transcript, 2 February 2021 at
p 109 lines 5–15; DWS at paras 123–126.

10 Mr Yee’s performance during his second stint of employment with Angliss was
described by Ms Ding as “lacklustre” and “not satisfactory”, 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Ms Ding’s AEIC at paras 30–31.

and Mr Yee himself felt that he had not settled into the role of BDM and was
not able to overcome a “very steep learning curve”. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief of Yee Heng Khay (Yu Xinggui) dated 3 October
2020 (“Mr Yee’s AEIC”) at para 42.

The Arla distributorship

11 Angliss had acted as Arla’s sole distributor without any written agreement
since the 1970s. In mid-2017, Mr Björkqvist proposed the execution of a formal
distribution agreement, and initiated a meeting in order to discuss such an
agreement. On 11 July 2017, around one month after Mr Yee re-joined Angliss,
Ms Ding and Ms Watt from Angliss met with Mr Björkqvist and Mr Kong from Arla
(the “11 July Meeting”). At this meeting, they discussed Arla’s distribution
agreement with Angliss, as well as the aim of increasing sales revenue. Mr Yee
was present at this meeting. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

PWS at para 30; DWS at paras 115–116.

After this meeting, between 11 and 25 July 2017, there was further
correspondence on the matters discussed between Angliss’s Ms Ding and Ms Watt,
and Arla’s Mr Björkqvist and Mr Kong. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

PWS at para 217; DWS at paras 220–221, 230–232, 236.

On 14 July 2017, Mr Kong sent an e-mail addressed to Ms Watt and Ms Ding with
a presentation attached that focused on Arla’s presence in Singapore. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

8 AB Vol 5136–5144.

Then, on 25 July 2017, by e-mail, Mr Kong sent a draft distribution agreement
to Ms Watt and Ms Ding (the “25 July Draft Distribution Agreement”). 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

8 AB Vol 8 5154–5176; PWS at para 219; DWS at para 237.

There followed, thereafter, further discussions between Angliss and Arla on
the details of the 25 July Draft Distribution Agreement from late July to late
August 2017. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

DWS at para 244.

12 Around this time, Mr Yee, who was not involved in these further
negotiations, did the following:

(a) On 4 August 2017, Mr Yee sent an e-mail titled “RE: Lantmannen Unibake -
Product Briefing & Training” (the “Lantmannen Unibake E-mail”) to a
representative from one of Angliss’s suppliers, Lantmännen Unibake UK
(“Unibake”), and blind copied his personal e-mail address. The e-mail chain
contained a discussion between Angliss’s and Unibake’s representatives on a
product briefing and training session conducted on 2 August 2017. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

SOC, p 13 at para 10(c)(ii)(1); Defence at para 21; AB Vol 8 at pp 5184–5188.

(b) On 8 August 2017, Mr Yee sent an e-mail to a representative from another
of Angliss’s suppliers, Sodiaal, and blind copied his personal e-mail address.
This e-mail set out Angliss’s proposed marketing plan for one of Sodiaal’s
products, and the e-mail chain included Sodiaal’s own objectives and plans. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

SOC, p 13 at para 10(c)(i)(2); Defence at para 21; AB Vol 8 at p 5206.

(c) On 13 August 2017, Mr Yee requested for Ms Ong to provide him with two
files pertaining to Arla. These were titled “Arla FY sales report - 1.xlsx” 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

9 AB 5642–5647.

and “Copy of Arla FY sales report.xlsx”. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

1 AB 88–90.

Mr Yee then analysed these files. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

PWS at paras 32 and 36; Transcript, 16 February 2021 at p 69 line 8 to p 70
line 3.

(d) On 17 August 2017, Mr Yee received an e-mail from Angliss’s procurement
department, which attached a product list pertaining to one of Angliss’s
suppliers, Beerenberg. He then forwarded this e-mail to his personal e-mail
address on 20 August 2017. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

SOC, p 14 at para 10(c)(i)(3); Defence at para 21; AB Vol 9 at pp 5655–5656b.

13 On 10 September 2017, Mr Yee’s wife gave birth to twin boys. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Mr Yee’s AEIC at para 43.4.

Three days later, on 13 September 2017, Mr Yee met with Mr Ng and Mr Melwani
at the kopitiam below his apartment (the “13 September Meeting”). 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

PWS at para 41; DWS at para 304; Transcript, 16 February 2021 at p 40 lines
2–8.

14 On 1 November 2017, Mr Yee asked Ms Ong for a spreadsheet titled “butter
price \- oct.xlsx”, 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

2 AB 702.

which contained the selling price of butter that Angliss offered to customers.
Then on 3 November 2017, he requested from Ms Ong two further files called
“Copy of BUTTER \- ROGER 2.xlsx” 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

2 AB Vol 708.

and “Copy of BUTTER \- ROGER.xlsx”. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

2 AB p 709.

He conducted analysis on all three files. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

PWS at paras 50 and 56; Transcript, 16 February 2021 at p 83 line 29 to p 86
line 2.

Angliss loses the Arla distributorship

15 On 4 December 2017, Mr Björkqvist sent a message to Ms Watt, in reply to an
order she had sent two days prior. He stated that he “would be happy to
increase [their] business together”, and the two discussed orders for butter.
48

##### Foot Note 48

×

PWS at para 221; DWS at para 259; AB Vol 8 at p 5122.

16 Around this time, in December 2017, Angliss decided not to confirm Mr Yee
after his probation period due to his poor performance as a BDM. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Ms Ding’s AEIC at paras 30–31.

Mr Yee recounted on the stand that his subordinates had been confirmed before
him. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Transcript, 16 February 2021 at p 122 lines 15–17.

He was instead offered a sales role which came with a further three months’
probation. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

SOC at para 7; Defence at paras 13–14; Reply at para 9.

He was disappointed with this additional probation period 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

DWS at paras 280–282.

and felt he needed the security of permanent employment with paid leave,
especially after the birth of his twin sons in September 2017. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Mr Yee’s AEIC at paras 43–44.

17 Around 18 December 2017, Mr Melwani texted Mr Yee, asking him to meet. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

PWS at para 61; DWS at para 307.

They met on 20 December 2017 (the “20 December Meeting”). 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

PWS at para 63; DWS at para 309.

It is not disputed that during this meeting, Mr Melwani offered Mr Yee a role
in Indoguna as a brand manager for a dairy brand. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

PWS at para 64; DWS at para 309.

Subsequently, Mr Yee reached out to Mr Melwani through WhatsApp message on 23
December 2017 to discuss the role that he had been offered at the 20 December
Meeting. In this WhatsApp message, he stated that he was “keen to hear out
from [Mr Melwani] more on the job scope and exposure”. Mr Melwani replied that
Ms Raudaschl would get back to him. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

PWS at paras 68–69; DWS at paras 312–313.

18 Then, on 25 December 2017, Ms Raudaschl contacted Mr Yee, requesting a
meeting. He replied, and Ms Raudaschl then asked if they could meet the next
day, to which he agreed. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

PWS at para 70; DWS at paras 314–317.

They then met on 26 December 2017 (the “26 December Meeting”). 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

PWS at para 71; DWS at para 318.

It is not disputed that at this meeting there was discussion of Mr Yee taking
on the role of Indoguna’s brand manager for Arla (the “Arla brand manager
role”). 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

PWS at paras 74–75; DWS at paras 319–320.

19 After the 26 December Meeting, there was a series of communications
involving Mr Melwani, Ms Raudaschl and Mr Yee. They concerned the Arla brand
manager role. On 27 December 2017, Mr Melwani sent an e-mail to Ms Raudaschl
specifically mentioning Mr Yee. This e-mail referenced a job description for
the Arla brand manager role, and Mr Melwani stated that he would be “happy to
fill in the gaps on e[-]mail or phone with [Mr Yee] if he ha[d] any
questions”. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Defendant’s Bundle of Documents (“DB”) at p 30.

On 28 December 2017, between 9.00am and 10.00pm, there was an exchange between
Ms Raudaschl and Mr Yee over text message and e-mail. This exchange concerned
the job description, as well as the pay package, for the Arla brand manager
role. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

PWS at para 85; DWS at para 324.

On 29 December 2017, Mr Yee and Ms Raudaschl exchanged several text messages.
63

##### Foot Note 63

×

DWS at para 325; DB at p 11.

20 From 26 to 29 December 2017, Mr Yee copied three files and four folders
containing a total of 125 files (the “Copied Files”) onto a Universal Serial
Bus device (the “USB device”). Of these files, 35 were Restricted Files, and
Mr Yee did not return the USB device upon the termination of his employment
with Angliss. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

SOC, pp 11–13 at paras 10(c)(i)–10(c)(iv); Defence at para 21.

These Copied Files included sales reports for Arla, product catalogues, price
lists, business reviews and internal documents of Angliss. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

SOC, Annex A; PWS at para 89.

In particular, files named “arla items sales report.xlsx” (the “Arla
Spreadsheet”), 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

SOC, Annex A at s/n 3; DWS at para 334(i).

“Dairy sales 2017.xlsx”, 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

SOC, Annex A at s/n 2; DWS at para 334(iii).

and “Copy of Arla FY sales report.xlsx” 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

SOC, Annex A at s/n 6; DWS at para 334(iv).

were amongst the Copied Files.

21 Further, on 29 December 2017, having learnt that he would potentially
continue managing the Arla brand with Indoguna, Mr Yee forwarded an e-mail
containing the Arla Spreadsheet from his work e-mail address to his personal
e-mail address. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

PWS at para 93(c); DWS at para 334(i).

Mr Yee also copied a document entitled “NAVIONS 2017.xlsx” which contained
screenshots of Angliss’s Navision system taken by him on 29 December 2017 (the
“Navision Screenshots”). 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

PWS at para 93(a); DWS at para 334(ii).

22 In the meantime, Angliss and Arla continued price and product negotiations
on various orders up to December 2017. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

8 AB 5122.

On 30 December 2017, Arla sent a notice of termination to Angliss. It informed
Angliss that it would not be renewing its distributorship arrangement with
Angliss and would be engaging Indoguna as its sole distributor for its food
service business in Singapore instead. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

SOC at para 11; PWS at para 113; DWS at para 354; 10 AB 6941.

Ms Ding and Ms Watt testified that this termination came as a surprise to the
team at Angliss. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Ms Ding’s AEIC at para 87; Ms Watt’s AEIC at para 30; Transcript, 4 February
2021 at p 48 lines 1–7 (Ms Watt).

Mr Yee leaves Angliss and the current proceedings

23 On 4 January 2018, Mr Yee gave his notice of resignation to Angliss. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

SOC at para 8; Defence at para 15.

On 6 January 2018, Mr Yee signed an employment contract with Indoguna in which
he was designated as “Arla Brand Manager”. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Mr Chong’s AEIC at paras 16 and 18.

On 8 January 2018, after conducting its security check on Mr Yee’s laptop,
Angliss discovered that he had forwarded the files pertaining to Arla from his
work e-mail address to his personal e-mail address on 29 December 2017. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

SOC at para 10(b); Defence at para 21.

Ms Ding, Ms Watt, Ms Chua and Mr Teh confronted Mr Yee about this. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

PWS at para 147; DWS at para 394.

They thereafter gave Mr Yee a letter reminding him of his obligations under
the Employment Contract, including the Confidentiality Clause and the Non-
Competition and Non-Solicitation Clause. He refused to acknowledge this
letter. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

SOC at para 9; Defence at para 16.

He was placed on “garden leave” and his last day of employment was 2 February
2018. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

10 AB pp 6952–6955.

24 Pursuant to the contract he signed with Indoguna on 6 January 2018, Mr Yee
commenced employment with Indoguna on 12 February 2018. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Defence at para 24.

The writ of summons and statement of claim were filed on 16 March 2018.
Angliss sought and obtained on an urgent basis an injunction which included
discovery orders. Several months later, on 2 May 2018, pursuant to the
injunction dated 19 March 2018, Mr Yee delivered the USB device to Angliss’s
solicitors. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

SOC at para 10(d); Defence at para 22.

At the time of the trial, Mr Yee was employed at Trade-Pro Food Distribution
Pte Ltd, which he described as Arla’s distributor for its retail business. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

Transcript, 15 February 2021 at p 60 line 28 to p 61 line 15.

Parties’ positions and issues arising

25 Angliss contends that Mr Yee copied Restricted Files from its information
systems, with the intention to share the information with Indoguna and Arla.
This, it contends, was the reason Arla terminated its distributorship
arrangement with Angliss and signed an exclusive distributorship agreement
with Indoguna. Angliss relies on the following heads of claim:

(a) a claim in equity for breach of confidence;

(b) claims in contract, for breach of the Confidentiality Clause and another
clause relating to good faith and fidelity; and

(c) breach of fiduciary duties.

26 For each of these heads of claim, Angliss seeks the same alternative heads
of loss:

(a) loss of chance of a distributorship with Arla;

(b) loss of profits from a distributorship agreement with Arla;

(c) damages calculated on the hypothetical scenario that Angliss would have
sold the confidential information; or

(d) damages for recreating the information taken by Mr Yee.

27 Mr Yee does not deny that he copied the Restricted Files, but asserts that
his motives were innocent and that he did not disclose them to Indoguna. From
this, he argues that there was neither breach of the duty of confidence nor
breach of any contractual duties. He further denies that he held fiduciary
duties as he was a mere employee.

Fiduciary duties

28 The assertion of fiduciary duties owed by Mr Yee does not have any bearing
on the quantum of damages sought. It is pertinent to causation, a key factual
issue in this suit. Mr Yee does not dispute that he copied the information.
Instead, he disputes that his action was wrongful, and that it caused Angliss
loss. If Angliss is able to show that Mr Yee was a fiduciary who breached
fiduciary duties, the burden would then fall on Mr Yee to show that the loss
would have been sustained in spite of his breach: Sim Poh Ping v Winsta
Holding Pte Ltd and another and other appeals [2020] 1 SLR 1199 at [254]. In
view of its impact on the analysis, I deal with the issue of fiduciary duties
first.

29 Mr Yee is an employee. An employee may owe fiduciary duties to his employer
when he is placed in a position where he must act solely in the interests of
his employer to the exclusion of other interests, including his own: Clearlab
SG Pte Ltd v Ting Chong Chai and others [2015] 1 SLR 163 (“Clearlab”) at
[272]. In that case, at [275], the High Court endorsed, as “[a] rough and
ready guide”, three factors first identified by Wilson J (dissenting) in Frame
v Smith [1987] 2 SCR 99 (“Frame v Smith”) at [60], and cited by the Court of
Appeal in Susilawati v American Express Bank Ltd [2009] 2 SLR(R) 737
(“Susilawati”) at [41]:

(a) the fiduciary has scope for the exercise of some discretion or power;

(b) the fiduciary can unilaterally exercise that power or discretion so as to
affect the beneficiary’s legal or practical interests;

(c) the beneficiary is peculiarly vulnerable to, or at the mercy of, the
fiduciary holding the discretion or power.

30 Angliss argues that Mr Yee owed it fiduciary duties on the basis of several
facts. First, his recommendations for hiring and firing subordinates would
have been taken seriously by Angliss’s management in view of his position as
its BDM. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

PWS at para 175.

Second, he held a senior position in Angliss and led a team of sales
executives. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

PWS at para 174.

Third, he was entrusted with Angliss’s confidential information, creating an
element of vulnerability as Angliss depended on him to only use this
information for its benefit. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

PWS at paras 176–177.

31 I deal with these factors in turn. Regarding the first factor, Mr Yee’s
scope for the exercise of discretion, this was not wide. Angliss’s own written
submissions argue that Mr Yee’s recommendations would have been taken
seriously by its management. This implicitly acknowledges that he had no power
to hire and fire employees. Further, he was, at the time of his employment
with Angliss, on probation. Whilst this does not automatically mean that he
did not hold fiduciary duties, I find that it is a strong indicator that, as
an employee, he would not have been entrusted with fiduciary responsibility.

32 The second factor, Mr Yee’s ability to exercise power unilaterally, was
circumscribed by Angliss’s two-factor security protocol. It was accepted by
parties that he could only view the confidential information, and that if he
wanted more extensive access, he would have had to ask for Ms Ong’s
assistance. It was not disputed that Ms Ong was not considered a fiduciary by
Angliss’s management although she had access to the systems within which the
confidential information was kept. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

Transcript, 2 February 2021 at p 128 lines 3–9.

33 Angliss relies in particular on the third factor, that Mr Yee’s access to
confidential information put Angliss in a peculiar position of vulnerability.
In my view, this concept of vulnerability, as first used by Wilson J in Frame
v Smith and endorsed by the Court of Appeal in Susilawati and the High Court
in Clearlab, is targeted at a particular type of vulnerability, not any kind
of vulnerability. Wilson J explained at [63] of Frame v Smith:

The third characteristic of relationships in which a fiduciary duty has been
imposed is the element of vulnerability. This vulnerability arises from the
inability of the beneficiary (despite his or her best efforts) to prevent the
injurious exercise of the power or discretion combined with the grave
inadequacy or absence of other legal or practical remedies to redress the
wrongful exercise of the discretion or power.

34 Employers experience vulnerability from a broad range of employee action;
the causes could range from negligence, to matters of competence or
dishonesty. What Wilson J specified at [63] was vulnerability that arises from
the exercise of power. At [64], Wilson J followed on with the High Court of
Australia’s decision in Hospital Products Ltd v United States Surgical Corp
(1984) 55 ALR 417 (“Hospital Products”), where Gibbs CJ at 432, in describing
the test for a fiduciary, first listed the entrustment of power analogous to a
trust, and then described “the special vulnerability of those whose interests
are entrusted to the power of another to the abuse of that power”.

35 Similarly, in Susilawati, when the Court of Appeal referred to Wilson J’s
test at [41], it highlighted the following comments made by Mason J in
Hospital Products at 454:

The accepted fiduciary relationships are sometimes referred to as
relationships of trust and confidence or confidential relations … viz trustee
and beneficiary, agent and principal, solicitor and client, employee and
employer, director and company, and partners. The critical feature of these
relationships is that the fiduciary undertakes or agrees to act for or on
behalf of or in the interests of another person in the exercise of a power or
discretion which will affect the interests of that other person in a legal or
practical sense. The relationship between the parties is therefore one which
gives the fiduciary a special opportunity to exercise the power or discretion
to the detriment of that other person who is accordingly vulnerable to abuse
by the fiduciary of his position.

[Court of Appeal’s emphasis in Susilawati in italics]

36 It is thus the relationship of trust and confidence that is fundamental to
the issue, and the vulnerability of the fiduciary’s principal must exist in
the context of that relationship. This is consonant with the approach taken by
the Court of Appeal in Turf Club Auto Emporium Pte Ltd and others v Yeo Boong
Hua and others and another appeal [2018] 2 SLR 655 (“Turf Club Auto Emporium”)
at [42]–[43] in emphasising a fiduciary relationship as one of trust and
confidence; and Tan Yok Koon v Tan Choo Suan and another and other appeals
[2017] 1 SLR 654 at [192]–[194] in reiterating the need to look to the
obligations owed. In the present case, the vulnerability at hand does not
arise from the abuse of a fiduciary’s power that has been entrusted to him,
but from the abuse of confidential information. That vulnerability may be
protected, in equity, by the duty of confidence, and in contract, by the
Confidentiality Clause. As Judith Prakash J (as she then was) highlighted in
Nagase Singapore Pte Ltd v Ching Kai Huat and others [2007] 3 SLR(R) 265 at
[26], citing Nottingham University v Fishel [2000] IRLR 471 at [85]–[97],
“care must be taken not automatically to equate the duties of good faith and
loyalty, or trust and confidence, with fiduciary obligations”. These other
duties are more relevant in the present case, and I therefore turn to the duty
of confidence.

Breach of confidence in equity

37 The general principle underlying the doctrine of breach of confidence, as
stated in the Court of Appeal decision of Wee Shuo Woon v HT SRL [2017] 2 SLR
94 (“Wee Shuo Woon”), is that “equity imposes a duty of confidence whenever a
person receives information he knows or ought to know to be fairly and
reasonably regarded as confidential”: Wee Shuo Woon at [28].

38 This general principle still applies in the context of I-Admin (Singapore)
Pte Ltd v Hong Ying Ting and others [2020] 1 SLR 1130 (“I-Admin”), where the
Court of Appeal set out a modified approach to establishing a breach of
confidence at [61]:

(a) first, a court should consider whether the information has the necessary
quality of confidence about it; and

(b) second, the court must consider if the information was given to the
defendant (here, Mr Yee) in circumstances importing an obligation of
confidence. For example, this will be found where confidential information has
been accessed or acquired without the plaintiff’s knowledge or consent.

If both (a) and (b) are fulfilled, an actionable breach of confidence is
presumed. The burden of proof then shifts to the defendant to prove that his
conscience was unaffected.

Necessary quality of confidence

39 Whether Angliss’s information possesses the necessary quality of confidence
depends upon whether it would be just in the circumstances to require the
party against whom a duty of confidentiality is alleged (here, Mr Yee) to
treat the information as confidential: see Wee Shuo Woon at [31]. One key
factor is whether the information has entered the public domain, or whether
“it remains relatively secret or relatively inaccessible to the public as
compared to information already in the public domain”: Invenpro (M) Sdn Bhd v
JCS Automation Pte Ltd and another [2014] 2 SLR 1045 (“Invenpro”) at [130(a)].
In cases where information is in the public domain, it is important to
consider the number of times the information has been made available, and the
extent to which this exposure makes it readily accessible to interested
members of the public. This is a question of fact and degree: Invenpro at
[130(a)].

40 The key pieces of information in the present case are price and customer
lists, as well as sales figures and targets for several of Angliss’s
suppliers, including Arla. Whilst Angliss has pleaded that hundreds of
documents were confidential and had been copied by Mr Yee, it need only show
such information as is pertinent to the loss claimed. For this reason, for the
purposes of analysis, it is not necessary for me to consider every single one
of these documents. For the purpose of analysis, I delineate the following as
“the Crucial Information”:

(a) the Arla Spreadsheet, which was the focus of the parties’ written
submissions;

(b) “NAVIONS 2017.xlsx”, which had the Navision Screenshots taken by Mr Yee on
29 December 2017;

(c) “Dairy sales 2017.xlsx”, which recorded Angliss’s sales of dairy products,
dry items, “pastabread”, vegetables and fruit from 2015 to 2017; 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

1 AB 3–14.

and

(d) “Copy of Arla FY sales report.xlsx”, which recorded Angliss’s sales from
2015 to 2017. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

1 AB 88–90.

These show the comprehensive list of customers, comprehensive pricing, and
sales revenues and targets for Arla as well as other dairy brands. I delineate
them as the Crucial Information for the reasons that follow.

41 The Arla Spreadsheet contained information from January to October 2017,
including the amount of Arla products sold by Angliss, the sales revenue, the
gross profit, the selling price, and the customers who purchased these
products. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

1 AB 15–72.

The Navision Screenshots contained the details of a large number of Angliss’s
customers. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

5 AB 3435–3592.

These were kept on Angliss’s internal systems, and Mr Yee was only able to
access them by making a request: they were not readily accessible to the
public. Mr Yee’s argument that customer information should not be considered
confidential information because Angliss had shared customers with Indoguna 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

DWS at para 752.

misses the point. Whilst the information here would be made up of information
that, individually, could be arguably in the public domain as it would be
known by the individual customers and other companies, the list as a whole was
not. The value of the list is in the possession of the totality of the
information: see Invenpro at [130(e)]. The list was valuable information
culled from a network created over many years. Similarly, in Adinop Co Ltd v
Rovithai Ltd and another [2019] 2 SLR 808 (“Adinop”), where the claim for
breach of confidence was brought by a distributor, the Court of Appeal held
that customer information did possess the necessary quality of confidence, as
the distributor’s list of customers had been derived from its own business
dealings with these customers, and this list was a core aspect of its business
and was valuable to a distributor: Adinop at [57]–[61] and [87]. Similarly, in
this case, Angliss is a distribution company with a customer base and
information derived from its business dealings.

42 As for pricing and sales information, such as (c) and (d), this too was
invaluable. The food distribution business was relentlessly competitive. This
was seen in various WhatsApp exchanges between Ms Watt and Mr Björkqvist,
where Ms Watts commented “[t]oo many brands now fighting price like crazy” in
the context of mozzarella, and Mr Björkqvist expressed difficulty in supplying
butter at a specific size and price without a subsidy from an order with other
products. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

8 AB 5122.

The importance of pricing and sales information was also reflected in the two-
person safeguards Angliss used within its information systems.

43 I hold therefore that the Crucial Information possesses the necessary
quality of confidence.

Circumstances importing an obligation of confidence

44 Next, I turn to whether the Crucial Information was received by Mr Yee in
circumstances importing an obligation of confidence. Angliss’s information was
protected within its internal systems. Mr Yee had to circumvent these systems
to copy this information. Mr Yee had surreptitiously forwarded files to his
own personal e-mail address and had also taken screenshots of Angliss’s
systems as he could only view the files, side-stepping these controls. As
noted by the Court of Appeal in I-Admin, “[a]n obligation of confidence will
also be found where confidential information has been accessed or acquired
without a plaintiff’s knowledge or consent”: I-Admin at [61].

45 Mr Yee’s access to the documents was for the purposes of his employment as
BDM, and it is clear from the circumstances that an obligation of confidence
existed.

Defence to presumed breach of confidence

46 Both conditions necessary for the presumption of an actionable breach of
confidence to arise are met. The burden is therefore on Mr Yee to show that
his conscience was unaffected: I-Admin at [61]. His key arguments are that (a)
his subjective intentions were innocent; and (b) there is no evidence of
misuse of the Crucial Information.

Innocent motivation

47 Mr Yee’s first argument is that his only motivation for taking the Crucial
Information was to look after the interests of customers who were buying Arla
products. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

DWS at para 757.

This was based on the argument that the test in I-Admin on whether the
defendant’s conscience was affected should be assessed using a subjective as
well as objective standard, similar to the standard used in other equitable
doctrines such as knowing receipt and dishonest assistance. In particular, the
court must look at Mr Yee’s subjective knowledge and motivations, and then
judge his conduct against the ordinary standards of honest people. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

DWS at paras 741–747.

48 Mr Yee’s explanation at trial was that he is “customer centric” 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

Transcript, 15 February 2021 at p 75 lines 12–17; DWS at para 336.

and had taken the information because he wanted to “ensure continuity of
supply” for his customers that he would continue serving while in Indoguna. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

DWS at para 756(v).

This is disingenuous. Mr Yee knew that the information belonged to Angliss. He
knew that Indoguna was its competitor. He knew Arla was an important supplier,
and he knew it would be wrong for him to use the information. In fact, after
his resignation there would be no disruption for customers who used Arla
products, because his former colleagues or anyone hired to take his place at
Angliss would continue to service their needs. Mr Yee implicitly recognised
the weakness in his case, attempting to excuse himself during cross-
examination by explaining it was “foolish and silly” for him to have copied
the information. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

Transcript, 15 February 2021 at p 107 lines 18–23.

Quite to the contrary, his intention to continue to service his customers
reveals that he intended shrewd use of the information to Angliss’s commercial
detriment.

Evidence of misuse

49 Mr Yee also argues that the absence of evidence of misuse of the Crucial
Information should constitute probative evidence that his conscience has not
been affected, and should be enough to displace the presumption of an
actionable breach of confidence. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

DWS at para 740.

He argues that in the present case, there is no evidence that he misused
Angliss’s confidential information, and thus this should show that his
conscience was not affected.

50 This argument attempts to turn the presumption on its head. If a defendant
wishes to rely on an absence of misuse, that defence is to be proved by him.
He cannot attempt, as Mr Yee has, to say that Angliss has not produced cogent
evidence of the alleged misuse. The Court of Appeal in I-Admin specifically
shifted the burden of proof onto defendants to show that their conscience was
not affected to ensure that the law protected against wrongful loss by
addressing the “practical difficulties faced by owners of confidential
information in bringing a claim in confidence”: I-Admin at [61]–[62]. This
deliberate shift in the burden of proof would be rendered otiose if the bare
allegation may be made that the plaintiff has not adduced evidence of misuse.
A defendant must produce evidence which supports a positive case that there
was no misuse or abuse of the confidential information. Mr Yee has not done
so. Quite to the contrary, Angliss has proved misuse of the information in
satisfaction of its breach of contract claim. I deal with this body of
evidence at [60]–[115] below.

Conclusion on breach of confidence in equity

51 Accordingly, I find that Mr Yee has been unable to show that his conscience
was unaffected. Angliss has established a breach of confidence in equity.

52 Before I deal with issues of loss and damage arising from the breach of
confidence in equity, I consider the remaining claims in contract alleged: (a)
a contractual duty of confidence; and (b) a contractual duty of loyalty and
fidelity.

Contractual duty of confidence

53 The contractual claim on confidential information rests on the
Confidentiality Clause in Mr Yee’s Employment Contract, which states as
follows: 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

PWS at para 125; AB Vol 7 at p 4289.

15\. Confidential Information

15.1 You shall keep confidential and not directly or indirectly disclose any
information (whether recorded or not and, if recorded, in whatever form on
whatever media and by whomsoever recorded) relating to all or any part of the
business, property, assets, technology, activities, services, financial
affairs, management and administration of the Company [ie, Angliss] and which
is confidential to the Company or treated as confidential, including, without
limitation, technical Information, lists of the Company's customers,
suppliers, agents, distributors and any other third parties dealing with the
Company, trade names, trademarks, service marks or other proprietary business
designations used or owned by the Company (hereinafter collectively referred
to as “Confidential Information”) to any person, firm, enterprise, company,
body corporate or incorporate or otherwise and this obligation of you shall
continue to be valid and binding notwithstanding the termination of employment
by either party.

15.2 You shall not remove any documents or tangible items which belong to the
Employer or which may contain Confidential Information from the Employer’s
premises or otherwise at any time without proper advance written authorization
from the Employer.

15.3 You shall return to the Employer upon request and, in any event, upon the
termination of your employment, all documents and tangible items which belong
to or are licensed to the Employer or to any of the clients, customers,
trading partners, business partners, manufacturers, suppliers or otherwise of
the Employer or which contain or refer to Confidential Information and which
are in your possession or under your control.

15.4 On or before termination of your employment by either party, you shall
not copy or duplicate Confidential Information from any records, materials,
articles or otherwise against the rights and interest of the Employer or of
the clients, customers, trading partners, business partners, manufacturers,
suppliers or otherwise of the Employer.

[emphasis added]

Enforceability and scope of the Confidentiality Clause

54 I first deal with Mr Yee’s argument that the Confidentiality Clause is not
enforceable. He has submitted that courts should assess the enforceability of
confidentiality clauses based on the twin tests of reasonableness used in
restraint of trade cases set out in Man Financial (S) Pte Ltd (formerly known
as E D & F Man International (S) Pte Ltd) v Wong Bark Chuan David [2008] 1
SLR(R) 663 (“Man Financial”) at [121]. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

DWS at paras 674–678.

The argument is premised on Clearlab, where the High Court held that parties’
freedom to contract would be “subject always to the restraint of trade
doctrine”: Clearlab at [75]. At [78] of Clearlab it was stated that:

… [A] line needs to be drawn between confidential information protected by
contract and skill and knowledge gained in the course of employment. Where
they are coterminous, the courts have been disinclined to enforce the
agreement. But if it is merely a question of the degree of confidentiality of
the information, there is no bar against parties agreeing to protect their
confidential information. So long as the information sought to be protected is
confidential to one party, I do not see how any policy reason why the
agreement that such information shall remain confidential should not be
enforced.

[emphasis added]

Relying on this proposition, Mr Yee argues that the Confidentiality Clause is
unenforceable as there is no temporal limit on its application, 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

DWS at paras 690–694.

and the scope of protected information is too broad. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

DWS at paras 683–689.

55 I find the suggestion that there is any necessity to tie the enforceability
of a confidentiality clause to a pre-determined time limit puzzling.
Confidential information does not have a “shelf-life” so to speak. Generally,
information is confidential until it is not: for example, when it enters the
public domain. Mr Yee’s argument appears to stem from a misreading of the High
Court’s judgment in Clearlab, which did not hold that the twin tests of
reasonableness would apply to confidentiality clauses. In my view, the proper
reading of Clearlab is that when one is construing and interpretating a
confidentiality clause, the general rationale of the restraint of trade
doctrine needs to be kept in mind. What this means is that when one is
interpreting a confidentiality clause, it cannot be read so widely as to
include information which amounts to the skill and knowledge of the subject
employee. This avoids the situation where an employer uses a confidentiality
clause to restrain an ex-employee from disclosing his skills and knowledge,
which in essence, would amount to an indirect restraint of trade.

56 The information taken was not part of Mr Yee’s skills and knowledge. These
were lists, which were certainly not retained in his memory. In his cross-
examination, he demonstrated poor recall of who the customers were. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

Transcript, 17 February 2021 at p 85 lines 2–20.

He listed several customer names, but when pressed further, he conceded that
these were not actual customers of Angliss, and rather they were simply
potential customers that Indoguna would approach. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

Transcript, 15 February 2021 at p 68 line 5 to p 69 line 3.

He conceded finally that his “skill and knowledge” only extended to reading,
analysing, interpreting, and utilising the information. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

Transcript, 17 February 2021 at p 86 lines 1–26.

In other words, he admitted that the information he had copied did not
constitute his skills and knowledge.

Relationship with breach of confidence claim

57 It is pertinent to consider the relationship between the two claims
advanced in relation to the misuse of confidential information. As the Court
of Appeal in Adinop noted at [37], confidentiality obligations arising out of
a contract do not necessarily bear the same contours as obligations of
confidentiality in equity.

58 In the present case, the contractual Confidentiality Clause is drafted to
have a wider scope than documents that would have a “necessary quality of
confidence”, covering information in whatever form, and “relating to all or
any part of the business” of Angliss. To some extent, Angliss has also framed
its case to include every document copied by Mr Yee, which included brochures.
Ms Ding, for example, sought to include marketing materials that would be
distributed to the public within the category of confidential information. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

Transcript, 2 February 2021 at p 117 line 22 to p 118 line 23.

Nevertheless, Angliss’s claim for damages is the same under both heads. The
loss in respect of which damages are sought to be recovered in both cases is
the loss of the Arla distributorship. This extent of damages is the same,
whether the claim in contract or equity is pursued. Therefore, only the
Crucial Information, as defined above at [40], is important. These are the
documents the disclosure of which is alleged to have caused the loss claimed,
whether they are protected under the equitable doctrine of confidentiality or
the contractual Confidentiality Clause. For this reason, I do not see any need
to deal with the precise width of the documents covered in an objective
construction of the Confidentiality Clause; or any of the other documents that
this clause could include. On any interpretation of the Confidentiality
Clause, the Crucial Information would come within its protection.

59 There is a crucial point of difference between the equitable head of claim
and that of contract, nonetheless. To pursue its contractual claim, Angliss
must prove breach of contract. On the facts of this case, the evidence
regarding breach of contract and such breach being the cause of the loss of
the Arla distributorship are integrally related, and I therefore deal with
both these issues together.

Breach of the Confidentiality Clause and its causal link to the loss of the
Arla distributorship

60 Angliss submits that Mr Yee had breached cll 15.1, 15.2 and 15.4 of the
Confidentiality Clause. The breaches of cll 15.2 and 15.4 are not disputed.
Clause 15.2 prohibits the removal of documents or tangible items containing
confidential information from Angliss’s premises without authorisation. Mr Yee
has admitted to removal of the USB device with confidential information.
Clause 15.4 prohibits the copying of confidential information. Mr Yee has
admitted copying information, and I have found this information to be
confidential as defined under the Confidentiality Clause. Only cl 15.1 is in
issue.

61 Clause 15.1 prohibits the disclosure of confidential information to any
third party. Angliss’s case is that Mr Yee disclosed the information to
Indoguna, causing Angliss to lose the Arla distributorship, and Indoguna to
secure it. Angliss contends that this inference may be drawn from the
circumstantial evidence. Mr Yee argues that there is no evidence of any
disclosure to third parties. Indoguna’s securing of the Arla distributorship
and Angliss’s loss of the same are, on his case, entirely coincidental.

Timeline of Mr Yee’s, Angliss’s, Arla’s and Indoguna’s actions

62 Close investigation of the sequence of events supports Angliss’s case.
Three parallel strands of facts run through this case, as follows:

(a) Angliss’s negotiations with Arla. Angliss and Arla began negotiating a
written exclusive distributorship agreement in July 2017. In December 2017,
Angliss and Arla had not signed any agreement, but Angliss was still placing
orders with Arla for products. On 30 December 2017, Arla terminated its
distributorship arrangement with Angliss.

(b) Mr Yee’s meetings with Indoguna representatives. Mr Yee met with Mr
Melwani on 13 September and in December 2017. He also met Ms Raudaschl on 26
December 2017, after which he was offered the Arla brand manager role, which
he accepted.

(c) Mr Yee’s dealings with Angliss’s information. Mr Yee had forwarded files
to his personal e-mail address commencing in August 2017 and culminating over
26-29 December 2017.

63 The interplay of these three strands of narrative may be summarised with
this timeline, which is explained below.

![](data:image/Jpeg;base64,
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)

64 I start my analysis with the status quo at the time of Mr Yee’s appointment
as BDM.

Status quo in June and July 2017

65 At Mr Yee’s time of appointment, Arla had worked with Angliss for some 47
years as its exclusive distributor. Their relationship was so robust that
there was no formal contract. Over time, however, Arla started negotiations to
conclude a written contract. In that context, Arla and Angliss discussed
ambitious sales targets and modes of furthering their joint interest.

Mr Yee’s August and November 2017 analysis of Arla products

66 The fact that Mr Yee conducted analysis on Arla products in August and
November 2017 is not disputed. Only his reasons for doing so are. Angliss
asserts there was no reason to conduct such analysis and that it was never
shown to Angliss’s management. On this basis, Angliss infers that he did not
conduct the analysis for Angliss’s benefit and instead wanted to share it with
a competitor. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

PWS at paras 32–40.

67 Mr Yee contends that he had done so because he was inexperienced with dairy
products and wanted to understand how to do his job better. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

Mr Yee’s AEIC at para 27.

He was new to the role and had expressed uncertainty to Ms Ding about whether
he could perform in his new role. It would make sense for him to take steps to
familiarise himself with the products and take the initiative to conduct such
analysis.

68 Mr Yee’s contentions are doubtful for the following reasons. First, it is
curious that he specifically analysed information relating to Arla in August
2017. If job performance improvement had been his objective, he would have
analysed other products within his portfolio of about a dozen brands. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

Transcript, 17 February 2021 at p 7 line 25.

69 Secondly, he did not at any time discuss his analysis with, or show his
analysis to, his superiors at Angliss. Ms Ding asserts that most of the files
that Mr Yee had worked on were not presented to her or Mr Teh. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

Ms Ding’s AEIC at paras 125–126.

Mr Yee admitted at trial that he had not shown “Arla FY sales report -
1.xlsx”, 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

Transcript, 16 February 2021 at p 70 lines 4–12.

“Copy of Arla FY sales report.xlsx”, 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

Transcript, 16 February 2021 at p 65 lines 26–28.

“butter price - oct.xlsx”, 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

Transcript, 16 February 2021 at p 82 line 29 to p 83 line 10.

“Copy of BUTTER - ROGER 2.xlsx”, or “Copy of BUTTER - ROGER.xlsx” 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

Transcript, 16 February 2021 at p 91 lines 7–9; p 93 lines 6–8.

to Angliss’s management or Ms Ding.

70 When asked for the reasons why, the general explanation he gave was that he
was not finished analysing the files and wanted to do further work. However,
when asked what further work he would need to do, or what the purpose of this
further work was, he was not able to give a coherent reply: 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

Transcript, 16 February 2021 at p 74 lines 8–15.

Q: Alright, Mr Yee, this is my question. What else do you need to do to
complete this spreadsheet to do the analysis?

A: Based on this spreadsheet, Your Honour, we just have to know that like item
by item, month – year-to-year comparison so that we convert them to – to use
other brands so that – what is the – what is the other brand once we convert,
what is the – the variance. And then one – one step at a time and go line by
line. And go – then we will have the full total picture. And there on, then
you can have the – the – the understanding of the – the numbers, Your Honour.

His explanation for not showing this work to Ms Ding or Angliss’s management
is unsatisfactory.

71 Mr Yee also gave contradictory answers. When asked why he had not presented
the work he had done on “Copy of Arla FY sales report.xlsx”, he claimed that
he had not come up with an answer, and that before he presented it to
management he would have to seek Ms Ding’s advice. Yet when asked if he did
seek her advice, he said he did not: 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

Transcript, 16 February 2021 at p 65 line 26 to p 66 line 14.

Q: Now, did you share your analysis set out in this AB1 – 1AB89 to 90; did you
share this analysis with Angel or anyone in Angliss?

A: No.

Q: Why not; since you did so much work?

A: It is because I have not really come up with a answer what if – I have not
finished all this thing and I am still searching for answer.

Q: Right. Why don’t just say, “Well, let me try. I have this analysis here.
Let me try to convince, you can’t just sit back, do nothing. Let me just go
and try to get the customers buying Alba to buy Arla”; why not do that? It
would be much appreciated by the Angliss management; don’t you think so?

A: Before I do that, I think I need to seek Angel advice also. So I did not
share this to Angel, how can I act on it?

Q: Did you seek Angel’s advice?

A: Because this is not show to Angel, this is I work ahead of things, I try to
analyse thing out and had not have the chance to show it to Angel, Your
Honour.

Q: Did you speak to anyone, let’s say, in your sales team, right, there are
two sales members under you, “Let’s go and talk to one” – “some of the
customers buying, let’s say, E Select, buying Alba, let’s see whether they
will switch to Arla”; did you ever do that?

A: No, not at the moment.

72 Whilst he was able to say at one point that he had told people to follow up
on his analysis, when pushed further, he was unable to remember what the
outcome of this was: 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

Transcript, 16 February 2021 at p 83 lines 11–28.

Q: Right, okay, now, what did you do next after receiving this table, what
concrete steps did you take?

A: Your Honour, in the next step, if I look at this list, may – I may recall
that if I can reach – tell the salesperson it’s the next step, “You look at
the – this list here, this store under your – your customer, you should – can
you go and talk to the customer or not?”

Q: No, actually, maybe you misunderstood my question: What actually did you
do?

A: To tell the –

Q: You –

A: To tell the salesperson to act on it.

Q: You – okay, so you did tell the salesperson to act on it, is it?

A: Yes.

Q: All right, so what happened next?

A: Then they will listen, and then they will find time – find a way to go and
talk to the customer.

Q: All right, what was the outcome after speaking to these customers?

A: I cannot remember.

73 As a whole, I found his explanations on why he had analysed the files to be
lacking. The fact that he could not recall or explain any legitimate reason
for conducting the analysis lends itself to the suggestion that he had done so
for reasons other than for Angliss’s benefit.

The 13 September Meeting

74 It is not disputed that Mr Yee met Mr Melwani and Mr Ng on 13 September
2017. What is disputed is how this meeting came about, and what was discussed
at this meeting. Angliss’s position is that Mr Yee had reached out to Mr Ng to
arrange a meeting with both Mr Melwani and Mr Ng, where he shared that Arla
was looking for a distributor. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

PWS at paras 41–49.

Mr Yee’s position is that Mr Ng had approached him, and they did not discuss
Arla at the meeting. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

DWS at paras 304–306 and 628.

75 On 13 September 2017, Mr Melwani sent the following WhatsApp message to Mr
Yee: 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

Mr Yee’s AEIC at p 283; DB at p 15.

Hey Roger , this is Mo from indoguna. I’m at kopitiam

Mr Yee testified that Mr Ng had arranged for all of them to meet, and Mr
Melwani had texted him because Mr Ng was late. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

Transcript, 16 February 2021 at p 40 line 22 to p 41 line 26.

Further, he testified that this was the first time that he had met Mr Melwani,
122

##### Foot Note 122

×

Transcript, 16 February 2021 at p 41 lines 10–24.

and that at the meeting, they had coffee and he was offered a job with
Indoguna as the brand manager of a dim sum brand named “Masterpiece”. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

Transcript, 16 February 2021 at p 41 line 31 to p 42 line 12.

76 Angliss argues that Mr Yee’s explanation should not be believed as there
was no reason for Mr Melwani to join the meeting if it was to simply explore
his interest in managing a dim sum brand, and that Mr Ng could have carried
this out himself. Furthermore, there was no reason for Indoguna to want to
offer Mr Yee a job managing a dim sum brand when he was handling dairy
products at the time. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

PWS at para 46.

These points are rather equivocal.

77 More importantly, there were variances between Mr Yee’s testimony at trial,
and what he had stated in his affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”)
regarding this meeting. Mr Yee had originally characterised his first meeting
with Mr Melwani as a social meeting over beers in his AEIC, 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

Mr Yee’s AEIC at para 48.

which differed from his testimony at trial. For one, when cross-examined, he
stated that they had met for coffee, not beers. More importantly, there was no
mention in his AEIC of the job offer to be a brand manager for a dim sum brand
called “Masterpiece”. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

Transcript, 16 February 2021 at p 41 line 31 to p 42 line 10.

This suggests that Mr Yee himself realised that his previous framing of the
meeting as an innocuous round of beers was not an excuse he could well explain
on the stand.

78 While Mr Yee’s evidence about the 13 September Meeting is rather weak,
these points would be equivocal if not for later events in the timeline that
show that Mr Melwani recruited Mr Yee on 20 December 2017 to take on what
later turned out to be the Arla brand manager role. In retrospect, it is more
likely than not that Mr Yee conducted the analysis on Arla products in August
2017 to prepare for his 13 September Meeting with Indoguna.

Files copied and forwarded in December 2017

79 Mr Yee readily admits that he had forwarded and copied files from Angliss
from 26 to 29 December 2017. For the following reasons, it is more likely than
not that the Crucial Information was subsequently disclosed to Indoguna.

80 First, it is clear from his own testimony that Mr Yee’s motivation for
taking Angliss’s confidential information was to help Indoguna secure more
customers. His testimony was: 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

PWS at para 213; Transcript, 15 February 2021 at p 75 lines 12–29; p 107 lines
18–23.

A: As I said, it’s very foolish of me for doing this. And the –the whole
purpose is I was thinking that I’m serving Arla, and all this customer that I
want to reach out for is still Arla customers. That again, for – for my
experience as a salesperson, I just want to reach out to customer which is
still using Arla products and continue to have Arla and where to get Arla
products. Because it’s our priority to make sure that customer continuity is
still remains.

Q: Alright. So your answer is that you decided to take this list to – in order
to reach out to these customers using Arla products, correct?

A: It’s for a –

Q: Yes or no?

A: It’s for a reference.

Q: Alright, for reference. Means you intend to use it; that must be, right?
That’s why, correct?

A: But I have not used it because I have said, when I wri –when I joined
Indoguna, Indoguna have their own base of customers, and it’s enough for me to
reach out to all this customer. And on top of that, Indoguna customers are
similarly that based on the list here, they also have the same customer. So I
did not use this informations.

…

Your Honour, I already admit that it’s foolish and silly of me of doing this.
And all I – during that time, and all I think is to have this for my reference
so that I can continue to serve Arla customers and continue to tell the
customers that where to buy Arla products. And – and – and this is – as I
said, it’s very foolish of me of doing this. All – all I been thinking is to
reach out to Arla customers. During that point of time, I never think of so fu
za, Your Honour.

Mr Yee’s evidence that his main motivation for copying and forwarding the
files was for his own “reference” at Indoguna to reach out to customers there
is not acceptable. Any such reference would have been as an employee of
Indoguna.

81 The timing of the copying and forwarding is pivotal. The crux of Angliss’s
case is that the coincidence between Mr Yee’s meetings with Indoguna
representatives, his securing of the Arla brand manager role, and his copying
and forwarding of confidential information, suggests that Arla and Indoguna
were aware that he had taken this information for Indoguna’s use.

82 By mid- to late December, Mr Yee had been offered a role at Indoguna. At
the 20 December Meeting with Mr Melwani, it is undisputed that he was offered
a role as a dairy brand manager. However, Angliss asserts, and he denies, 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

DWS at paras 306 and 309.

that Arla was specifically brought up at this meeting. When cross-examined on
the 20 December Meeting, he stated that the Arla brand manager role was
offered to him. 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

Transcript, 16 February 2021 at p 93 line 25 to p 94 line 6.

In cross-examination, he seemingly recanted, saying that he was not told the
brand, and only found out during the 26 December Meeting from Ms Raudaschl.
130

##### Foot Note 130

×

Transcript, 16 February 2021 at p 96 lines 26–30.

Nonetheless, by 26 December 2017 at the very latest, he knew the role was to
be the Arla brand manager role. It is not disputed that Ms Raudaschl had
brought up the fact that the role was the Arla brand manager role at this
meeting. Further, Mr Yee testified to the effect that by the morning of 29
December 2017, he had essentially secured the Arla brand manager role at
Indoguna. 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

Transcript, 17 February 2021 at p 9 line 22 to p 10 line 25.

Angliss argues that the speed at which he had secured this role suggests that
there were no other candidates being considered for the role other than Mr
Yee. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

PWS at para 87.

This was supported by Indoguna’s former assistant general manager, Mr Chong,
who opined that the “urgency in formalising [Mr Yee’s] terms of employment
with Indoguna … [was] highly unusual”. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

Mr Chong’s AEIC at para 17.

Overall, the proximity in time within which these events happened are
probative of Mr Yee having disclosed his ability to make the information
available to Indoguna, thus securing his role as the Arla brand manager.

83 Finally, the sheer volume of information taken raises the inference that it
was taken for the purpose of being shared with Indoguna. Although Mr Yee
claimed that he was “customer centric” and wanted to keep serving Arla and his
customers once he moved to Indoguna, he had taken wide-ranging information
that pertained to other brands 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

PWS at paras 161–162.

and went beyond any relevance to Arla. For example, some of the copied
documents related to meat products. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

1 AB 93–94 (“Angel Bay Nourish Lamb Shank & Beef Ribs 1.pdf”), 566–568
(“NATIONAL BEEF - 07 Dec 2017.pdf”) and 569–571 (“NATIONAL BEEF - 09 Dec
2017.pdf”).

It was not disputed and was confirmed on the stand by Mr Yee that Indoguna
specialises in meat distribution. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

Transcript, 16 February 2021 at p 100 lines 21–22.

84 Viewed as a whole, I find that these circumstances establish that, in all
probability, Mr Yee had disclosed confidential information to Indoguna.

Forensic evidence regarding the December 2017 copying

85 The forensic evidence showed copying and onward forwarding of the Crucial
Documents. Mr Alireza Fazelinasab (“Mr Alireza”), a digital forensics expert,
produced three reports:

(a) In his report dated 28 February 2018, 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief of Alireza Fazelinasab (“Mr Alireza’s AEIC”) at
pp 11–22.

he found that it was highly likely that between 26 and 29 December 2017, Mr
Yee had copied three files and four folders (containing a further 125 files)
from his laptop to an external Universal Serial Bus drive, and that between 4
August and 29 December 2017, Mr Yee had forwarded four e-mails from his work
e-mail address to his personal e-mail address. 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

Mr Alireza’s AEIC, p 13 at paras 4.1 and 4.2.

(b) In his report dated 29 July 2019, 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

Mr Alireza’s AEIC at pp 1700–1710.

Mr Alireza found that Mr Yee had likely deleted the e-mail containing the Arla
Spreadsheet from his personal e-mail inbox, as well as 2061 files from the USB
device. He also found that Mr Yee had likely accessed 326 files from a folder
titled “ANGLISS 2017” after 29 December 2017. 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

Mr Alireza’s AEIC, p 1704 at para 2.1.

(c) In his report dated 1 October 2020, 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

Mr Alireza’s AEIC at pp 1729–1736.

Mr Alireza analysed Mr Yee’s USB device and found that he had accessed a total
of 46 files on 299 separate occasions and had modified 46 files on 159
separate occasions since 29 December 2017. He also concluded that Mr Yee had
saved 45 of the 46 files he had modified onto another storage device. 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

Mr Alireza’s AEIC, p 1731 at paras 2.2.3, 2.2.4 and 2.2.5.

86 Mr Yee has challenged these reports on several grounds. First, he has
argued that Mr Alireza’s conclusions do not make sense. The forensic evidence
shows that he had likely saved most of the files onto another device whenever
he would access the files. 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

Mr Alireza’s AEIC, p 1734 at para 6.6.

Mr Alireza testified that he found that the Arla Spreadsheet had been opened
over 157 times. 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

Transcript, 11 February 2021 at p 15 lines 2–22.

He also testified that it was also saved onto a different computer. 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

Transcript, 11 February 2021 at p 17 line 32 to p 19 line 17.

Mr Yee argues that he would not have saved the information 157 times from the
USB device to another device as it would be illogical to do so, and on this
basis, he argues that Mr Alireza’s evidence must be flawed. 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

DWS at paras 783–786.

87 Mr Yee has mischaracterised Mr Alireza’s evidence. Mr Alireza explained two
basic propositions in his report and on the stand: 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

Mr Alireza’s AEIC at pp 1732–1734; Transcript, 11 February 2021 at p 15 lines
5–22.

(a) first, whenever a file (an “original file”) is opened or accessed by a
user, a “temporary file” is automatically created, which would bear the same
file name but with a different prefix; and

(b) second, where the date on which the temporary file was modified (the
“modified date”) changes, but the modified date of the original file does not,
it would mean that the file was saved onto a different device.

From this, he was able to conclude when a file was accessed and when it was
saved onto a different device, ie, where the last modified date of the
original file precedes the last modified date of the temporary file, it can be
concluded that it was saved elsewhere.

88 Mr Alireza’s second report states that the Arla Spreadsheet had been
accessed 157 times from 3 January 2018 to 19 March 2018. 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

Mr Alireza’s AEIC at pp 3362–3363.

This, according to Mr Alireza, shows that it was opened 157 times. 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

Transcript, 11 February 2021 at p 15 lines 15–19.

The report shows that the modified date of the original file had changed 27
times from 22 February 2018 to 2 March 2018. 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

Mr Alireza’s AEIC at pp 3373–3374.

It also shows that the modified date of the temporary file had changed 29
times from 29 December 2017 to 2 March 2018. 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

Mr Alireza’s AEIC at pp 3421–3426.

Thus, at most, Mr Alireza’s finding was that the Arla Spreadsheet had been
saved onto a different device 29 times, not 157. This takes the weight out of
Mr Yee’s contentions that Mr Alireza’s findings are unreliable and illogical,
and I find that it is more likely than not that Mr Yee had saved the
information in a different device on numerous occasions, which in turn
suggests that he was misusing it.

89 Secondly, Mr Yee attacks the reliability of Mr Alireza’s reports, stating
that Mr Alireza had only used one type of electronic evidence to make his
assessment, and that Mr Alireza agreed that this could lead to
misunderstandings. 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

DWS at paras 767–776.

This submission arose out of the cross-examination of Mr Alireza regarding his
use of the “modified, accessed and created” time stamps to come to his
conclusion. Mr Alireza agreed that he was basing his evidence on these time
stamps alone. 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

Transcript, 11 February 2021 at p 61 lines 15–17.

During cross-examination, Mr Yee’s counsel pointed the court towards a piece
of literature that stated that the proper interpretation of time stamps is
more complex than taking them at face value, a proposition which Mr Alireza
agreed with. 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

Transcript, 11 February 2021 at p 54 lines 1–10.

Counsel then attempted to show that because Mr Alireza had only relied on one
type of information, his findings were unreliable. Counsel failed to raise any
real issue in cross-examination, however, as the following show:

(a) Mr Alireza was directed to an excerpt from the literature which stated
that a common mistake in analysing time stamps is not checking the clock or
the time zone on the computer. 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

Transcript, 11 February 2021 at p 55 lines 27–31.

It was then pointed out to Mr Alireza that his report did not mention either.
This line of questioning did not raise any valid issue, because a difference
in time zone would not have changed the data in this case. 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

Transcript, 11 February 2021 at p 56 lines 2–27.

(b) Mr Alireza was then pointed to various excerpts that stated that an
examiner cannot use time stamps alone but must also understand the different
ways in which time stamps are recorded by different computer operating systems
and file types. Mr Alireza agreed, and explained the file type in the present
case before concluding that this would not change his findings and would in
fact support them. 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

Transcript, 11 February 2021 at p 61 line 25 to p 62 line 31.

The expert evidence showed persuasively, therefore, that Mr Yee had accessed
and saved Angliss’s confidential information, such as the Arla Spreadsheet,
after 29 December 2017.

January text messages with Mr Melwani

90 The forensic evidence is especially probative when read together with the
evidence of the text messages exchanged between Mr Melwani and Mr Yee after 29
December 2017. These messages clearly show that Mr Yee was working with
Indoguna and was using Angliss’s confidential information. This was in the
period when Mr Yee was put on “garden leave” during his notice period and was
still under Angliss’s employ.

91 At trial, it was accepted by Mr Yee that as of 30 January 2018, Indoguna
had not yet confirmed the prices and availability of Arla products. 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

Transcript, 17 February 2021 at p 61 line 23 to p 62 line 7; DB at p 27.

Yet, a series of text messages on and before 30 January 2018 shows that Mr
Melwani had been asking Mr Yee about three customers who had previously been
Angliss’s customers who purchased Arla products: Sun Lik Trading Pte Ltd; 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

10 AB 6873.

The Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf (Singapore) Pte Ltd; 160

##### Foot Note 160

×

10 AB 6914.

and Starbucks Coffee Singapore Pte Ltd (“Starbucks”). 161

##### Foot Note 161

×

10 AB 6930.

In particular, Mr Melwani asked Mr Yee whether “Starbucks [was] using 8gm or
20gm butter lurpak”, and Mr Yee replied “8g” and clarified that it had
originally used 10 grams but changed to 8. 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

DB at p 27; Mr Yee’s AEIC at p 295.

In cross-examination, counsel for Angliss put it to Mr Yee that Mr Melwani
only had the specific figure of 8 grams because Mr Yee had given him the Arla
Spreadsheet, which showed that Starbucks was purchasing butter in 8-gram
increments. 163

##### Foot Note 163

×

1 AB 62; Transcript, 17 February 2021 at p 64 lines 10–16.

In written submissions, Mr Yee’s counsel has argued that this argument does
not make sense as, if Mr Melwani had the Arla Spreadsheet, he would not have
needed to ask Mr Yee this question. 164

##### Foot Note 164

×

DWS at para 765.

Mr Yee’s argument misses the point. The fact is that Mr Melwani had the
specific figure of 8 grams, which matches the figure stated in the Arla
Spreadsheet. From the text messages, Mr Melwani seemed to be clarifying
between two options. If Mr Melwani truly did not have the Arla Spreadsheet, it
would be more likely that he would not have had any options and would have
asked a more open-ended question. Thus, these text messages further support
that Mr Yee had disclosed Angliss’s confidential information to Indoguna. In
any event, Mr Yee’s confirmation of the figure of 8 grams was itself
information that was confidential to Angliss.

92 The text messages also show that Mr Melwani arranged for Mr Yee to meet
Arla’s Mr Kong, on 4 January 2018 and again on 24 January 2018. 165

##### Foot Note 165

×

DB at pp 18 and 26.

This is relevant when considered together with Mr Yee’s evidence on the stand
that his salary was shared by Arla and Indoguna after he commenced work at
Indoguna. 166

##### Foot Note 166

×

Transcript, 15 February 2021 at p 61 lines 23–27.

Mr Yee’s arguments on the causal link

93 Events on the timeline are more fully explained by reference to Mr Yee’s
argument that he did not cause the loss of the Arla distributorship. His case
instead is that Angliss was not amenable to various key terms that Arla
required. I why these suggestions are not cogent in this section.

(1) Exclusivity

94 Mr Yee posits that at the 11 July Meeting, Arla expressed that it wanted an
exclusive distributorship arrangement with Angliss, where Arla would only
distribute its products through Angliss, and, importantly, Angliss would only
distribute Arla’s products. 167

##### Foot Note 167

×

DWS at paras 224 and 243.

He argues that Angliss was not amenable to this as its business model is based
on having a wide variety of brands to attract customers, a fact confirmed by
Ms Ding: 168

##### Foot Note 168

×

Ms Ding’s AEIC at para 261.

Given the competitive nature of the food supplies distribution industry in
Singapore, having a wide network of suppliers and customers, and maintaining
good trade relations with them are essential to Angliss’ success. The more
brands Angliss represents, the more likely customers are to come to Angliss
due to the range of products Angliss can offer. Likewise, the more customers
Angliss has, the more likely suppliers are to park their products with Angliss
due to the high sales volume Angliss would be able to achieve. Having a large
number of suppliers and products, as well as a large number of customers
naturally translates to higher sales revenue and higher profits for Angliss.

[emphasis added]

95 In support of this proposition, he points to Angliss’s active efforts to
show Arla that it could achieve the sales targets without an exclusive
agreement. This was admitted to by Ms Watt during cross-examination, 169

##### Foot Note 169

×

Transcript, 4 February 2021 at p 49 lines 28–32.

and is evident from the large orders of butter Ms Watt placed with Arla. 170

##### Foot Note 170

×

8 AB 5122–5123; Transcript, 4 February 2021 at p 40 lines 17–28.

96 Mr Yee also argues that the 25 July Draft Distribution Agreement reflects
this state of affairs. Mr Kong had edited cl 1.1, which originally stated that
there would be a “non-exclusive” right for Angliss to import, market and
distribute products. Mr Kong had deleted the prefix “non-”, such that it now
read as “non-exclusive”, as follows: 171

##### Foot Note 171

×

8 AB 5155.

1\. APPOINTMENT AND SCOPE

1.1 Subject to the provisions set out herein, AF [ie, Arla] hereby grants the
Distributor [ie, Angliss] for the duration of this Distribution Agreement
(hereinafter referred to as the “Agreement”) the non‐exclusive and
non‐transferable right to import, market and distribute products listed under
the Arla Pro brand in Appendix 1 (hereinafter referred to as the “Products”)
within foodservice within the geographical area of Singapore (hereinafter
referred to as the “Territory”) under and subject to all terms, conditions and
provisions as set forth herein. The Distributor accepts the appointment and
agrees to comply with and perform all the terms and conditions of this
Agreement.

However, the plain text of the paragraph confers an exclusive right on Angliss
to distribute Arla products. The “exclusive relationship” bound Arla. Arla
would distribute its products through Angliss alone. The clause did not
preclude Angliss from distributing dairy products from other brands. Ms Watt
testified that this was how both Arla and Angliss understood the clause. 172

##### Foot Note 172

×

Transcript, 4 February 2021 at p 53 lines 5–25.

97 Finally, Mr Yee argues that Arla wanted Angliss to prioritise it and help
it grow its brand name, relying on the minutes of the 11 July Meeting. He
submits that this shows that Arla wanted Angliss to only distribute Arla
products. 173

##### Foot Note 173

×

DWS at paras 223–224.

I would disagree. The minutes stated that Arla was looking for a “partnership
that [sic] willing to position Arla at the Priority position”. 174

##### Foot Note 174

×

7 AB 4295–4296.

The use of the word “[p]riority” in context reflected that Arla did not
contemplate a relationship where Angliss would only distribute its products.
It expressly contemplated a situation where Angliss would distribute other
products but would place emphasis on Arla.

98 Thus, there is no evidence that Arla sought mutual exclusivity with
Angliss, and I find that it improbable that it would have. The reality of
Angliss’s reach and network, which in any event Arla depended upon, would
obviate this. Rather fundamentally, there is also no evidence that the
relationship between Arla and Indoguna was mutually exclusive.

(2) Disagreement over key terms

99 I deal briefly with Mr Yee’s argument regarding a WhatsApp conversation
between Mr Kong and Ms Ding on 17 August 2017. He argues that this WhatsApp
conversation showed that there remained disagreement over various terms, as
the text was said to show Ms Ding telling Mr Kong that Angliss could not
compromise on a term. However, when read in its full context, this does not
pertain to a material term: 175

##### Foot Note 175

×

8 AB 5152.

[17/8/17, 3:00:06 PM] Vee Hong Arla: By the way, the draft contract pls do let
me know is that ok from your side as in general? Then we can move into detail
and fix the minor part

[17/8/17, 3:02:06 PM] Angel Ding: With the contract I think we still need to
talk

[17/8/17, 3:05:17 PM] Vee Hong Arla: Yes or course we still need to discuss
further. For now I just need to prepare and make sure we are on the same page.
So when the time we meet up its more to solve the minor worries

[17/8/17, 3:08:16 PM] Angel Ding: I don't think can compromise this term too

[17/8/17, 3:09:34 PM] Vee Hong Arla: But if key account . That the trend
driver and arla will probably more concern and involving. So how to make it
more simplify and yet to minimise the disclose of sensitive info?

[17/8/17, 3:10:00 PM] Angel Ding: It's general Ac

[17/8/17, 3:10:25 PM] Vee Hong Arla: The list only apply on key account

[17/8/17, 3:11:25 PM] Vee Hong Arla: General account no disclose on customer
info , but the volume and value in overall

[emphasis added]

100 It is clear from this exchange that the disagreement was to do with terms
relating to an “account”. This is in all likelihood referring to the key
amended terms sent by Mr Kong on 16 August 2017 (ie, the “16 August
Amendments”), which pertained to marketing reports that Arla wanted Angliss to
send, which included key and general accounts. 176

##### Foot Note 176

×

9 AB 5648–5651.

Whilst this shows that there was still some negotiation outstanding, it was
not over a key term, and thus this does not materially damage Angliss’s case.
Parties subsequently met on 29 August 2017 to finalise the contract.

(3) Sales targets

101 Mr Yee also argued that the sales targets were a crucial term, and the
reason why Arla did not sign with Angliss was because they differed on the
sales targets. Mr Yee asserts that there was no agreement on the sales targets
between Arla and Angliss, and thus there could be no “in principle” agreement
as Angliss asserts.

102 The minutes of the 11 July Meeting record that Angliss had proposed sales
targets of €1.4m for 2017, €2m for 2018, €4m for 2019, and €6m for 2020. 177

##### Foot Note 177

×

7 AB p 4295.

However, in Arla’s presentation that was sent to Angliss on 14 July 2017, it
set out higher sales targets of €1.4m for 2017, €3m for 2018, €5.5m for 2019,
and €8m for 2020. 178

##### Foot Note 178

×

8 AB 5144.

Further, on 14 July 2017, Mr Kong had e-mailed Ms Watt and Ms Ding, referring
a discussion between them. On 17 July 2017, Ms Watt replied stating that the
discussion should only be on what Angliss felt was achievable, and there was
no point in agreeing on other figures which Angliss was not comfortable with.
Mr Kong then replied stating that he would be going to their office for
“further discussion”, and that the “[s]ales targets” were on the agenda. 179

##### Foot Note 179

×

8 AB 5147–5148.

There was also correspondence between Mr Björkqvist and Ms Ding on the same
day where Mr Björkqvist had set a sales target of €3m, but Ms Ding stated that
they could only reach €2m based on the competitive market situation. 180

##### Foot Note 180

×

8 AB 5150.

Mr Yee argues that the fact that the sales targets were still in discussion
shows that there was no such “in principle” agreement reached at the 11 July
Meeting.

103 But, at Appendix 3 of the 25 July Draft Distribution Agreement, under the
heading “Annual Sales Staff Incentive KPI Performance bonus”, it states that
there would be an incentive in 2018 if Angliss achieved the annual sales value
target, which appears to have been €2.5m. 181

##### Foot Note 181

×

8 AB 5171.

This figure was later repeated on 16 August 2017 by Mr Kong in an e-mail to Ms
Ding, where he stated that he had included a “[s]implified incentives and
bonus scheme” in the 16 August Amendments, which included a table titled
“[s]ales person performance incentive” that noted that the target annual sales
volume for 2018 was €2.5m. 182

##### Foot Note 182

×

9 AB 5648 and 5650.

This suggests there was some agreement as to sales targets.

104 It is not disputed that Ms Ding and Ms Watt met Mr Kong and Mr Björkqvist
to go through the clauses from the 16 August Amendments on 29 August 2017. 183

##### Foot Note 183

×

Ms Watt’s AEIC at para 23; Transcript, 2 February 2021 at p 87 lines 8–10; AB
Vol 8 at p 5152.

What is disputed is whether anything remained in issue after this meeting. Ms
Ding and Ms Watt assert that after this meeting, there was an agreement and
there was nothing left to discuss other than minor administrative details. 184

##### Foot Note 184

×

Transcript, 2 February 2021 at p 90 lines 19–24 (Ms Ding); Transcript, 4
February 2021 at p 39 lines 7–11 (Ms Watt).

Ms Watt states in her AEIC that between 29 August and 30 December 2017,
“business with Arla carried on as usual … [Angliss’s procurement team] worked
hard to fulfil Arla’s orders in light of the new sales targets [they] had
agreed on and [she] was under the impression that it was a matter [sic] time
until parties signed-off on the [amended distributorship agreement]”. 185

##### Foot Note 185

×

Ms Watt’s AEIC at para 28.

However, there is no indication as to what had happened in their negotiations
after the 29 August meeting. Ms Watt stated that there was no update from
Arla, so she chased them a few times over the phone regarding the date of the
signing of the distribution agreement, but Arla stated that it would get back
to Angliss. 186

##### Foot Note 186

×

Ms Watt’s AEIC at para 29.

It was clear that sales volumes remained important to Arla. For example, on 24
October 2017, Mr Björkqvist contacted Ms Watt stating that he hoped that
revised prices would help them to “hit some numbers above forecast”, and then
again on 30 October 2017 to ask her whether there was “any possibility to
fulfill [Angliss’s] forecasted volumes”. 187

##### Foot Note 187

×

8 AB 5122.

(4) Mr Yee and the sales targets

105 In this context, it is pertinent that Mr Yee analysed Arla’s products in
August and November, and met with Mr Melwani on 13 September and 20 December
2017. Mr Yee’s evidence regarding the sales targets for the Arla-Indoguna
distributorship shows the crucial reason why Angliss lost the distributorship.
The sales targets were, on both parties’ cases, an important concern for Arla.
This is also clear from my findings above.

106 On this basis, Angliss’s key argument is that Arla would not have chosen
to sign with Indoguna unless it was offered comparable or better sales
targets. 188

##### Foot Note 188

×

PWS at paras 200–203.

I agree with this submission. After some 47 years of steady profit, it would
make no sense for a company to sign with a new distributor with no dairy
portfolio or experience. The new distributor would have to offer better
figures. This Indoguna could now do because, with the Crucial Information, it
was able to assure Arla that it had the same reach as Angliss did. At the same
time, because Arla was its only dairy client of substance, it was able to
focus on and prefer Arla.

107 Further, when asked about these sales targets, Mr Yee was evasive and gave
answers that I find difficult to believe. Mr Yee agreed that he was the Arla
brand manager and was the only person who would identify customers for Arla
products. 189

##### Foot Note 189

×

Transcript, 15 February 2021 at p 81 lines 5–26.

However, when asked about the sales target set for him when he first joined
Indoguna in 2018, he stated that he was unable to recall what it was. 190

##### Foot Note 190

×

Transcript, 15 February 2021 at p 82 lines 1–2.

He then stated that he was not told, and his only instructions were to develop
Arla as a brand. 191

##### Foot Note 191

×

Transcript, 15 February 2021 at p 82 lines 6–14.

However, only moments later, Mr Yee prevaricated and stated that there was a
sales target, and he was told what it was by Mr Björkqvist, but he could not
remember. 192

##### Foot Note 192

×

Transcript, 15 February 2021 at p 82 line 15 to p 83 line 7.

When asked about more recent years’ sales revenue, he was also unable to
answer. 193

##### Foot Note 193

×

Transcript, 15 February 2021 at p 83 lines 8–14.

I found his testimony difficult to believe. He was only in charge of one
brand, Arla. 194

##### Foot Note 194

×

Transcript, 15 February 2021 at p 83 lines 18–21.

He was tasked with developing the brand and had to source for customers. With
his job scope in mind, it is hard to believe that he could not remember even a
rough approximation of the sales targets.

108 I find it much more likely that he did remember the figures, at least
approximately, yet deliberately chose not to disclose them in court.
Similarly, Mr Yee did not produce a copy of the distributorship agreement
between Arla and Indoguna. Angliss made a request for this document in a
notice to produce dated 22 May 2020. 195

##### Foot Note 195

×

Plaintiff’s Notice to Produce Documents Referred to in Pleadings or Affidavits
dated 22 May 2020.

In a reply filed on 27 May 2020, Mr Yee denied having this document in his
possession, custody and/or power. 196

##### Foot Note 196

×

Notice Where Documents May be Inspected dated 27 May 2020; Plaintiff’s Bundle
of Documents p 7.

In cross-examination, he maintained that although he was only in charge of
Arla as a brand manager, he was not given a copy of the distributorship
agreement with Arla and did not ask for one. 197

##### Foot Note 197

×

Transcript, 15 February 2021 at p 83 line 24 to p 84 line 1.

He asserted that he was not told about this agreement when he joined Indoguna.
198

##### Foot Note 198

×

Transcript, 15 February 2021 at p 89 lines 10–15.

He was quite unable to explain why he did not have a copy of this agreement:
199

##### Foot Note 199

×

Transcript, 15 February 2021 at p 90 lines 18–31.

Q: So let’s look at the – this is effectively a reply from your lawyers,
right, when we asked for a copy of the distribution agreement. So they say
that they object to giving inspection of this document. Now, on the ground
that you don’t have a copy of this agreement and you can’t even ask for it
from Indoguna or anyone or, like, someone like Arla, so did you give that –
did you tell your lawyers that you don’t have a copy, you can’t also ask from
it – from either Indoguna or Arla?

A: Yah, I don’t have a copy. My understanding is I don’t have the copy of the
– the distribution signed document.

Q: Yes. But did you also tell your lawyers that, “I can’t even ask for a copy
of this agreement from either Indoguna or Arla”?

A: I cannot remember.

Q: You can’t remember.

A: I can’t remember.

109 When queried about his response to the notice to produce, which stated
that his knowledge of the distribution agreement arose from a 3 May 2018
letter from Arla to his lawyers, he was quite incoherent: 200

##### Foot Note 200

×

Transcript, 15 February 2021 at p 91 lines 13–28.

Q: So, Mr Yee, did you tell your lawyers that the first time you knew there
was a written a [sic] distribution agreement was around 3rd of May 2018?

A: I don’t know.

Q: You don’t know?

A: I don’t know the distributionship when they sign.

Q: Right. No. Did you tell your lawyers the first time that you knew there was
a distribution agreement entered into between Arla and Indoguna – first time,
the very first time you found out was on the 3rd of May or sometime after
that?

A: I don’t know.

Q: What do you mean you don’t know?

A: Your question is do I know when they sign, is it? When they sign the –

Q: Not when they signed. When you first found out they signed a written
distribution agreement; when you first found out.

A: I cannot remember.

Q: You cannot remember.

A: I cannot remember.

110 I find his testimony incredible. Mr Yee’s role at Indoguna was as the
brand manager for Arla alone. Mr Yee has argued that he is a mere employee of
Indoguna and would not be able to compel either Indoguna or Arla to give
discovery. 201

##### Foot Note 201

×

DWS at paras 654–657.

He has not, however, shown any effort to fulfil his discovery obligations for
this document which, in the light of his job scope, is within his possession,
custody or power.

111 The inference from the above is that the sales figures were (a) derived
from Angliss’s confidential information; and (b) could only have been achieved
by Indoguna if it had Angliss’s confidential information. When read with the
fact that it is likely that Arla would only have chosen Indoguna if it had
been able to achieve certain sales targets, it shows that it was Mr Yee’s acts
that caused Arla to terminate its distributorship arrangement with Angliss.

Timing of Arla’s termination

112 Therefore, Mr Yee’s arguments, far from providing alternate reasons as to
how the causal link was broken, provide insight into how he interrupted the
relationship between Angliss and Arla. The timing of Arla’s termination
indicates the same. Arla terminated its distributorship arrangement with
Angliss on 30 December 2017, one day after it was clear that Mr Yee would move
to Indoguna and take the position of the Arla brand manager. 202

##### Foot Note 202

×

Transcript, 17 February 2021 at p 9 lines 22 to p 11 line 15.

113 This is also supported by the speed at which Mr Yee secured the Arla brand
manager role at Indoguna. As I have noted at [82] above, Indoguna’s former
assistant general manager, Mr Chong, opined that the urgency in formalising Mr
Yee’s terms of employment with Indoguna was “highly unusual”. 203

##### Foot Note 203

×

Mr Chong’s AEIC at para 17.

He maintained this view during cross-examination by Mr Yee’s counsel. 204

##### Foot Note 204

×

Transcript, 5 February 2021 at p 16 lines 11–14.

114 It was not disputed that Indoguna’s strength was in meat supply. 205

##### Foot Note 205

×

Transcript, 5 February 2021 at p 18 lines 4–10 (Mr Chong); Transcript, 16
February 2021 at p 39 lines 4–5, p 100 lines 20–22 and p 107 at lines 21–23
(Mr Yee).

It had no existing network or reach for dairy products. There would have been
no reason for Arla to terminate its relationship with Angliss if it did not
know that it would have an enhancement of the reach and network at Indoguna
that it had previously enjoyed with Angliss. This reason came about in the
form of Mr Yee joining Indoguna with Angliss’s confidential information in
hand, which gave Indoguna the ability to promise better sales targets for
Arla, inducing Arla to terminate its relationship with Angliss.

Conclusion on breach and causation

115 To conclude, the circumstances weigh against Mr Yee’s denial that he had
disclosed or misused Angliss’s confidential information. His analysis of Arla
products in August 2017, and his subsequent meeting with Mr Melwani in
September 2017, strongly suggest that he had been involved with Indoguna from
an early stage. In December 2017, the timing and volume of his copying, as
well as his own self-expressed motivations, clearly show that his intention
was to use Angliss’s confidential information to help his work at Indoguna.
Whilst he denies having eventually used this information, the evidence shows
otherwise, in the form of the forensic evidence that shows he had accessed and
saved the Arla Spreadsheet on a different device multiple times in 2018. As
such, aside from having committed a breach of confidence in equity, I find
that Angliss has proven on the balance of probabilities that Mr Yee has
breached his obligations under the Confidentiality Clause by disclosing its
information to Indoguna. This, in context, caused the loss of Angliss’s
distributorship with Arla.

Contractual duties of loyalty and fidelity

116 Before moving to the issue of the loss caused, I deal briefly with the
allegations that Mr Yee breached his duties of loyalty and fidelity to
Angliss. This is founded on cl 3.4 of the Employment Contract, which reads as
follows: 206

##### Foot Note 206

×

7 AB 4285.

3.4 At all times, you must faithfully and conscientiously observe and execute
your assigned duties and responsibilities and use your best endeavour to
further the interest of the Company [ie, Angliss]. You will also conduct
yourself to credit not only yourself but also the Company.

This clause embodies the position at law that employees owe their employers an
implied duty that they “will serve the[ir] employer[s] with good faith and
fidelity”: Man Financial at [193].

117 Breach of such a duty will not be found if there are merely “preparatory
steps” taken by the employee: Smile Inc Dental Surgeons Pte Ltd v Lui Andrew
Stewart [2012] 4 SLR 308 (“Smile Dental”) at [65]. Thus, if an employee makes
preparations to seek new employment, this will not constitute a breach.
Instead, the employee must have conducted himself in a manner that amounts to
“actual competitive activity”: Smile Dental at [67] and [70]. On this basis,
Mr Yee argues that he had not taken active steps to divert business away from
Angliss, and that his actions of copying files were merely preparatory in
nature and were undertaken for the singular purpose of ensuring that there was
continuity for his customers. 207

##### Foot Note 207

×

DWS at paras 830–839.

118 I do not agree with Mr Yee. My findings at [84] and [115] make plain that
Mr Yee’s actions amount to competitive activity. The only issue remaining is
whether this competitive activity caused Angliss the loss that it claims. I
turn to this issue.

Loss claimed

119 Angliss asserts four alternative heads of damage. These are as follows:

(a) loss of the chance to enter into a three-year distribution agreement with
Arla, quantified at S$267,000; 208

##### Foot Note 208

×

PWS at para 229.

(b) loss of profits as a result of Arla’s termination of its distributorship
arrangement with Angliss, quantified at S$749,000; 209

##### Foot Note 209

×

PWS at para 228.

(c) damages on the basis recognised in Wrotham Park Estate Co Ltd v Parkside
Homes Ltd [1974] 1 WLR 798 (“Wrotham Park damages”), as accepted by the Court
of Appeal in Turf Club Auto Emporium, calculated based on the hypothetical
scenario that Angliss would have sold the confidential information to Mr Yee
(quantified at S$749,000); 210

##### Foot Note 210

×

PWS at para 230.

or

(d) damages for the cost that Mr Yee would have had to incur to recreate the
information from legitimate sources, in line with I-Admin (“I-Admin damages”).
211

##### Foot Note 211

×

PWS at para 230.

Wrotham Park damages and I-Admin damages

120 Wrotham Park damages deal with a calculation of what Angliss would have
sold the confidential information for. There was no reason proffered for why
this was quantified at S$749,000. This hypothetical was not a relevant one for
the case at hand: the Crucial Information was fundamental to Angliss’s
business, and the Crucial Information included information relevant not just
to Arla but also to its other clients. If Angliss had considered selling it,
it is unlikely that it would have set the price as that of a single
distributorship.

121 I-Admin damages deal with the cost of recreating the information. Again,
this is not an appropriate method to apply in the present case. It would not
have been possible for an entity without Angliss’s historical reach and
network to create the information. In any event, Angliss has not tendered any
evidence supporting this head or attempted any quantification.

Loss of profit and loss of chance

122 The loss of the chance of obtaining the Arla distributorship and the loss
of profits from not obtaining the distributorship were the two alternatives
that were pursued by Angliss with seriousness. These were quantified by its
expert witness, Mr Kon Yin Tong (“Mr Kon”).

123 Mr Yee did not produce any contrary expert evidence. His final written
submissions propose the award of nominal damages on the basis that there was
no causal nexus between the loss of the distributorship and his disclosure of
the information. 212

##### Foot Note 212

×

DWS at paras 846 and 851.

I have dealt with the causal link above at [62]–[115].

124 The remaining issues are therefore whether the relevant head is loss of
the chance of obtaining the distributorship or the larger loss of profits from
the distributorship, and the quantification of the relevant head of loss.

Whether loss of profit or loss of chance

125 The issue that follows is whether it was the loss of the chance of
securing the distributorship, or the loss of the distributorship itself, that
was caused by Mr Yee’s conduct. Mr Kon’s figures on these alternative heads of
loss are as follows:

(a) Loss of chance. Mr Kon has quantified the loss of chance at S$267,000. 213

##### Foot Note 213

×

Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief of Kon Yin Tong (“Mr Kon’s AEIC”), p 51 at para
8.1.

This figure was derived on the assumption that there was only a 50% chance
that the distributorship agreement would have been entered into. 214

##### Foot Note 214

×

Mr Kon’s AEIC, p 37 at para 6.12.

This assumption rests on the “long-standing relationship” between Arla and
Angliss, 215

##### Foot Note 215

×

Mr Kon’s AEIC, p 37 at para 6.12.

which has not been disputed by parties.

(b) Loss of profit. Mr Kon calculated the loss of profits to be S$749,000, 216

##### Foot Note 216

×

Mr Kon’s AEIC, p 51 at para 8.1.

and Mr Yee has not disputed this. 217

##### Foot Note 217

×

PWS at para 228.

The profits lost stem from the loss of the distributorship agreement with
Arla, as well as subsequent extensions, pro-rated by Mr Kon to reflect the
probability of such extensions. This was based on the assumption that the
first three-year agreement from 2018 to 2020 was 100% certain, a three-year
renewal from 2021 to 2023 was only 50% certain and there was 0% certainty for
subsequent renewals. 218

##### Foot Note 218

×

Mr Kon’s AEIC, p 37 at para 6.12.

126 To establish loss of chance, Angliss must show that the chance lost was
real or substantial: Asia Hotel Investments Ltd v Starwood Asia Pacific
Management Pte Ltd and another [2005] 1 SLR(R) 661 at [135]. To establish loss
of profits, Angliss must show that Arla would, as a matter of certainty albeit
on the balance of probabilities, have obtained the distributorship but for Mr
Yee’s breach of confidence. To decide whether either alternative applies, I
look at whether Mr Yee’s third-party disclosures caused the loss of the
distributorship, or instead, the loss of the chance of obtaining it.

127 The relationship with Arla was such that Angliss clearly had some chance
of signing the distributorship agreement. It is undisputed that their business
relationship dated from the 1970s. They had been in discussions to sign an
exclusive distributorship agreement and had been exchanging draft agreements
from July up until 29 August 2017. As of early December 2017, the two
companies were still discussing orders.

128 The evidence goes much further than a finding that Angliss lost a chance
of securing the distributorship. I find that, but for Mr Yee’s disclosure of
Angliss’s confidential information to Indoguna, Angliss would, in all
probability, have secured the distributorship. Angliss and Arla had worked
together for some 47 years. Angliss’s network and reach were such that it
would not have been logical for Arla to consider another distributor unless it
was assured of the same network and reach. There was no evidence that any of
Angliss’s other competitors could have achieved this. Indoguna’s network and
reach arose from Mr Yee’s actions. And as Indoguna did not have an existing
stable of other dairy clients, Arla would have the benefit of Indoguna’s focus
and priority. Therefore, the applicable head of loss is not loss of chance,
but loss of profits.

Quantification of loss of profits

129 Coming to the quantification, the loss specified by Mr Kon may be broken
down to two periods:

(a) First, he identified a period of 0.41 years from 4 August to 30 December
2017, from the date Mr Yee sent the Lantmannen Unibake E-mail to his personal
e-mail address, to the date of Arla’s termination of its distributorship
arrangement with Angliss (the “breach period”). 219

##### Foot Note 219

×

Mr Kon’s AEIC, p 24 at para 3.2(a) and p 25.

(b) Second, he identified a “post-breach period” of six years from 1 January
2018 to 31 December 2023 for the loss of profits. 220

##### Foot Note 220

×

Mr Kon’s AEIC, p 24 at para 3.2(b) and p 25.

This is the period commencing the day after the termination of the
distributorship arrangement by Arla, to a date when the breach would have
stopped affecting Angliss.

130 The first breach period specified by Mr Kon is problematic. Whilst Mr
Yee’s forwarding of the Lantmannen Unibake E-mail on 4 August 2017 was a
breach of his obligations of confidentiality, his (plausible) reason for so
doing was to seek his wife’s help with the drafting of his work e-mails. 221

##### Foot Note 221

×

Transcript, 16 February 2021 at p 127 line 29 and p 128 lines 16–19.

This may not have been linked to the loss of the Arla distributorship. The
Arla material was forwarded on 13 August 2017. Even then, the tipping point
for Arla’s decision on the distributorship may not have been reached. On the
available evidence, on 29 August 2017, Arla and Angliss met to discuss the
contract, and Mr Yee met with Mr Melwani on 13 September 2017. While the
distributorship agreement remained unsigned, Arla and Angliss were still
negotiating deals, as seen by the December negotiations between Ms Watt and Mr
Björkqvist. Arla’s decision to terminate its relationship with Angliss was
clearly made in the context of Mr Yee’s new employment with Indoguna. In this
context, he copied the Crucial Information from 26 to 29 December 2017, and he
also communicated with Indoguna’s Ms Raudaschl and Mr Melwani from 18 December
2017 onwards, with the job description and pay package for the Arla brand
manager role being discussed on 28 December 2017. 222

##### Foot Note 222

×

DB 11 and 29.

Arla’s termination of its distributorship arrangement with Angliss was on 30
December 2017. This was when Angliss lost the distributorship, and thus the
loss in profits began to accrue from 31 December 2017.

131 The loss for the post-breach period for six years from 1 January 2018 was
quantified by Mr Kon at S$729,423. As a practical matter, while the loss
started to accrue from 31 December 2017, it suffices to use this period
commencing on 1 January 2018. The sum of S$729,423 was calculated based on a
historical projection of past profits for the first three-year agreement
between Angliss and Arla at 100%, and then at 50% for the second contract, on
the footing that new contingencies may arise in the chance of a second
contract. This quantification is premised on logical reasons which have not
been disputed.

Conclusion

132 I award Angliss S$729,423 in damages. I shall hear counsel on costs.

Valerie Thean  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Ng Lip Chih (Foo & Quek LLC) (instructed), Rezvana Fairouse d/o Mazhardeen and
Jennifer Sia Pei Ru (NLC Law Asia LLC) for the plaintiff;

Arthur Yap and Charlotte Chew Zhi Yee (CHP Law LLC) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 30 Jul 2021 (12:37 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

