Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the Court of appeal of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGCA 2

Civil Appeal No 227 of 2019 (Summons No 5 of 2020)

Between

| Andrew Loh Der Ming  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

| Koh Tien Hua  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

In the matter of Originating Summons No 1015 of 2019

Between

| Andrew Loh Der Ming  
---|---  
  
… Applicant

And

| Koh Tien Hua  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

judgment

[Legal Profession] — [Disciplinary proceedings] — [Review application]

[Courts and Jurisdiction] — [Jurisdiction] — [Disciplinary jurisdiction]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Loh Der Ming Andrew

  
v

  

Koh Tien Hua

[2021] SGCA 2

Court of Appeal — Civil Appeal No 227 of 2019 (Summons No 5 of 2020)  
Sundaresh Menon CJ, Judith Prakash JCA and Steven Chong JCA  
15 September 2020

8 January 2021 Judgment reserved.

Sundaresh Menon CJ (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 In Iskandar bin Rahmat v Law Society of Singapore [2021] SGCA [1]
(“Iskandar”), the Court of Appeal held that it has the jurisdiction to hear an
appeal against a decision of a judge made pursuant to s 96 of the Legal
Profession Act (Cap 161, 2009 Rev Ed) (“the LPA”). In doing so, it disagreed
with our earlier decision in Law Society of Singapore v Top Ten Entertainment
Pte Ltd [2011] 2 SLR 1279 (“Top Ten Entertainment”) where the court considered
that it did not have jurisdiction over such an appeal.

2 The present appeal concerns a decision of a judge pursuant to s 97 of the
LPA. While the appeal in Top Ten Entertainment concerned s 96 of the LPA, the
court saw fit to extend its reasoning to ss 95 and 97 by analogy because the
provisions referred to a decision by a “Judge” and involved the exercise of
the disciplinary jurisdiction of the court (Top Ten Entertainment at [39] and
[44]). In Iskandar, we observed that our analysis of s 96 would inform the
proper analysis of s 97 but cautioned that the court should in each instance
consider the language of the specific provision that is in question in the
case at hand (at [18] and [89]). This appeal presents us with the opportunity
to clarify the jurisdiction of this court over an appeal against a decision of
a judge pursuant to s 97 of the LPA.

Background

3 The respondent in the appeal, Mr Koh Tien Hua (“Mr Koh”), is an advocate and
solicitor of the Supreme Court who was called to the Bar in 1994. From 7 July
2015 to 12 August 2015, he represented the appellant, Mr Andrew Loh Der Ming
(“Mr Loh”), in the latter’s divorce proceedings. Mr Loh’s complaints arise out
of a pre-trial hearing on 27 July 2015 at which, he alleges, Mr Koh made
certain misrepresentations to the court and acted without proper instructions.
The details of the allegations against Mr Koh are not relevant at this time.

4 On 12 May 2016, Mr Loh filed a complaint against Mr Koh with the Law Society
of Singapore (“the Law Society”). An Inquiry Committee was constituted on 1
August 2016 and found that almost all the heads of complaint against Mr Koh
had not been made out save for one, and for that, it recommended the
imposition of a penalty of $2,500. The Council of the Law Society (“the
Council”) accepted and adopted the findings and recommendations of the Inquiry
Committee, and it declined to seek the appointment of a Disciplinary Tribunal
to formally investigate the complaint.

5 Mr Loh was dissatisfied with that decision and on 29 March 2017, he applied
to a judge seeking an order directing the Law Society to apply to the Chief
Justice for the appointment of a Disciplinary Tribunal pursuant to s 96 of the
LPA. The judge allowed the application (see Loh Der Ming Andrew v Law Society
of Singapore [2018] 3 SLR 837 at [170]). A Disciplinary Tribunal was duly
constituted on 20 November 2017. Mr Loh had conduct of the proceedings and
brought 14 charges against Mr Koh. The Disciplinary Tribunal found Mr Koh
guilty of two charges but determined that no cause of sufficient gravity for
disciplinary action existed under s 83 of the LPA, and recommended that Mr Koh
be ordered to pay a penalty of $10,000.

6 Again dissatisfied, Mr Loh applied for a review of the Disciplinary
Tribunal’s determination pursuant to s 97 of the LPA. Mr Loh argued that the
Disciplinary Tribunal erred in not finding Mr Koh guilty of all the charges
and in determining that Mr Koh’s conduct did not constitute cause of
sufficient gravity for disciplinary action. The application was heard by a
different judge (“the Judge”) who found that two additional charges had been
made out, but agreed that on the whole, there was no cause of sufficient
gravity to warrant referral to the C3J and a penalty was sufficient. She
substituted the Disciplinary Tribunal’s recommendation of a penalty of $10,000
with a recommended penalty of $12,500. We digress to note that in Iskandar
([1] supra), we observed at [33] that a Judge acting under s 97(1) of the LPA
does not have the power to decide on any penalty or even to make any
recommendations on penalty.

7 Mr Loh filed the present appeal on 21 December 2019. He is represented in
this appeal by Mr Chen Kok Siang Joseph (“Mr Chen”).

The present application

8 On 6 January 2020, Mr Koh applied to strike out the appeal pursuant to O 57
r 16(10) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed) on the ground that
the appeal was scandalous, frivolous or vexatious or otherwise an abuse of the
process of the court. In his affidavit filed in support of the application, Mr
Koh indicated that he was relying on the decision of this court in Top Ten
Entertainment ([1] supra) to contend that the Court of Appeal does not have
jurisdiction to hear the appeal.

9 Mr Chen submitted that the appeal should not be struck out. He argued that
this court was not bound by Top Ten Entertainment and that, in any event, the
present appeal could be distinguished on the facts. Mr Chen also appeared to
argue that the court had jurisdiction to hear the appeal pursuant to
principles within the rule of law, and also referred to the scope of judicial
review over proceedings under the LPA, with particular reliance on the
decision of the High Court in Deepak Sharma v Law Society of Singapore [2016]
4 SLR 192 (“Deepak Sharma”). He also raised some arguments on the substantive
merits of the Judge’s decision.

10 Mr Narayanan Sreenivasan SC (“Mr Sreenivasan”), counsel for Mr Koh,
submitted that Top Ten Entertainment was clear authority for the proposition
that there is no right of appeal against the Judge’s decision, and any factual
differences between Top Ten Entertainment and the present matter were
irrelevant because the existence of a right of appeal was a matter of law and
legal principle. Mr Sreenivasan also submitted that Mr Chen’s reliance on
Deepak Sharma was misplaced and that the submissions on the merits of the
Judge’s decision were unmeritorious or irrelevant.

11 On 7 September 2020, we directed the parties to file further written
submissions on two questions:

(a) Is the Court of Appeal seised of jurisdiction to hear the appeal, with
particular reference to the two threshold requirements set out in Re Nalpon
Zero Geraldo Mario [2013] 3 SLR 258 (“Re Nalpon Zero”)?

(b) Is the Supreme Court’s disciplinary jurisdiction over advocates and
solicitors part of the civil jurisdiction of the court, with particular
reference to ss 16(1) and 16(2) of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap
322, 2007 Rev Ed) (“the SCJA”)?

12 The parties filed their supplementary submissions on 11 September 2020.
Briefly, Mr Sreenivasan submitted that this court was not seised of
jurisdiction to hear the appeal because the threshold requirements in Re
Nalpon Zero had not been met. He submitted that a decision of a judge pursuant
to s 97 of the LPA was neither a decision of the High Court nor a decision in
the exercise of civil jurisdiction. Instead, it was an exercise of the
disciplinary jurisdiction of the court, a unique jurisdiction derived from the
LPA and not from the SCJA. On the other hand, Mr Chen submitted that the
present appeal was inextricably linked to the High Court because it had been
heard by two judges and in the light of the decision in Deepak Sharma,
disciplinary proceedings should no longer be seen as sui generis but rather as
part of the civil jurisdiction of the court. Mr Chen also contended that Mr
Koh had submitted to the jurisdiction of the court by appearing as the
defendant in the application before the Judge.

13 We heard the parties on 15 September 2020 and reserved judgment. On 22
October 2020, a five-member coram of the Court of Appeal heard arguments in
Iskandar ([1] supra), which was a similar application in a separate appeal
that concerned the jurisdiction of the Court of Appeal over a decision
pursuant to s 96 of the LPA. The appellant in that appeal, Mr Iskandar bin
Rahmat (“Mr Iskandar”), had filed a complaint with the Law Society against his
defence counsel at trial. An Inquiry Committee constituted to inquire into the
complaint recommended that the complaint should be dismissed, and the Council
accepted that recommendation and informed Mr Iskandar that it would not take
further action. Mr Iskandar applied to a judge seeking an order directing the
Law Society to apply to the Chief Justice for the appointment of a
Disciplinary Tribunal pursuant to s 96 of the LPA, but the judge affirmed the
Council’s determination. Mr Iskandar filed an appeal against the judge’s
decision and the Law Society, who was the respondent in that appeal, applied
to strike out the appeal on the authority of Top Ten Entertainment ([1]
supra).

14 After reviewing the disciplinary framework in the LPA and examining the
precedents in detail, the Court of Appeal unanimously held that Top Ten
Entertainment was wrongly decided on this point and that it has the
jurisdiction to hear an appeal against a decision pursuant to s 96 of the LPA.
That jurisdiction is founded in s 29A(1)(a) of the SCJA as the two threshold
requirements identified in Re Nalpon Zero ([11(a)] supra) had been met. First,
a decision pursuant to s 96 of the LPA was a decision of the High Court as the
application was made to a “Judge”, who was defined as “a Judge of the High
Court sitting in chambers” in s 2 of the LPA, and there was no reason to
disregard this definition (see Iskandar at [59]–[68]). Second, the decision
was made in the exercise of the civil jurisdiction of the High Court because
the disciplinary jurisdiction of the court falls within its civil jurisdiction
pursuant to s 16(2) of the SCJA (see Iskandar at [75]–[81]). The Law Society’s
application was accordingly dismissed.

Our decision

15 The issue before us in this appeal concerns this court’s jurisdiction to
hear an appeal against a decision pursuant to s 97 of the LPA.

16 The disciplinary framework under the LPA is set out in detail in Iskandar
(see [20]–[36]). Briefly, Part VII of the LPA sets out a stepped process where
a complaint against a solicitor is assessed by various bodies constituted
under the LPA before it may be referred to “a court of 3 Judges of the Supreme
Court” constituted under s 98(7) (“the C3J”). At any stage of the assessment,
the committee or tribunal or Council may decline to refer the matter to the
next stage, thus bringing the disciplinary proceedings to an end. For that
reason, there are various route of review provided for in the LPA and at
common law. Sections 96 and 97 of the LPA are two of the provisions that
provide for a statutory route of review. Section 96 operates sequentially
before s 97 as it permits a complainant to challenge the decision of the
Council not to seek the appointment of a Disciplinary Tribunal, while s 97
permits a complainant to challenge the decision of the Disciplinary Tribunal
not to refer the matter to the C3J (among other possible challenges by other
parties). What is relevant for present purposes is that the two provisions
employ similar language and provide for the power of review by a “Judge”. For
that reason, we observed in Iskandar that our analysis, though focused on s
96, would also inform the proper analysis of s 97 (Iskandar at [18]).

17 We said in Iskandar ([1] supra) that in order to invoke the Court of
Appeal’s jurisdiction under s 29A(1)(a) of the SCJA, the decision on appeal
must be: (a) a decision of the High Court; and (b) in the exercise of its
original or appellate civil jurisdiction (see Iskandar at [57]). In doing so,
we agreed with the court’s earlier decision in Re Nalpon Zero, notwithstanding
that s 29A of the SCJA had been amended since that decision, as the relevant
subsection remained substantially similar (see Re Nalpon Zero at [44] and
Iskandar at [54] and [57]). Section 29A(1)(a) of the SCJA states:

Jurisdiction of Court of Appeal

29A.—(1) The civil jurisdiction of the Court of Appeal consists of the
following matters, subject to the provisions of this Act or any other written
law regulating the terms and conditions upon which those matters may be
brought:

(a) any appeal from any judgment or order of the High Court in any civil cause
or matter, whether made in the exercise of its original civil jurisdiction or
made in the exercise of its appellate civil jurisdiction; …

18 Prior to our decision in Iskandar, we directed the parties in the present
appeal to address the court on the threshold requirements identified in Re
Nalpon Zero ([11(a)] supra) (see [11] above). At the hearing, Mr Sreenivasan
contended that there was a third threshold requirement represented by the
phrase “any civil cause or matter” in s 29A(1)(a). He argued that this had to
be understood as representing an additional requirement because otherwise the
words that followed, “whether made in the exercise of its original civil
jurisdiction or made in the exercise of its appellate civil jurisdiction”,
would be rendered otiose. He further suggested that this implied that the
court could exercise civil jurisdiction over a non-civil cause or matter and
that the present appeal was an example of this, so that disciplinary
proceedings might fall within the civil jurisdiction of the courts, even
though they were not a civil matter.

19 We do not agree with this submission. There is no evidence of any
Parliamentary intent to insert an additional threshold requirement by the
inclusion of the words “any civil cause or matter”. In our judgment, this
would not result in the subsequent words, “whether made in the exercise of its
original civil jurisdiction or made in the exercise of its appellate
jurisdiction”, being rendered otiose. Instead, the latter clause emphasises
that the civil jurisdiction of the Court of Appeal is a broad one,
encompassing appeals from the High Court whether made in its original or
appellate jurisdiction. This interpretation is easily supported by considering
the development of the relevant provision. At the time of the decision in Re
Nalpon Zero, s 29A(1) of the SCJA referred only to “any civil cause or matter
whether made in the exercise of its original or of its appellate
jurisdiction”, reflecting the broad-based nature of civil jurisdiction. In
2018, s 29A was amended by s 127(2) of the Criminal Justice Reform Act 2018
(Act 19 of 2018) and the words “civil jurisdiction” were included in s
29A(1)(a). In our judgment, this was done in order to differentiate it from
the criminal jurisdiction, which is what the amendments to s 29A were
primarily concerned with. In that light, it seems to us to be excessive and
unwarranted to infer that the reference to “civil” jurisdiction was inserted
in order to impose an additional threshold requirement to found the civil
jurisdiction of the court. In addition, we do not follow or accept the
argument that a court could exercise civil jurisdiction over a non-civil cause
or matter.

20 That being the case, we affirm our decision in Iskandar, which followed the
earlier decision in Re Nalpon Zero on this point, that there are two threshold
requirements to invoke the jurisdiction of the Court of Appeal pursuant to s
29A(1)(a) (Iskandar at [57]). We consider this court’s jurisdiction over the
present appeal in the light of these two requirements.

21 With the benefit of the analysis in Iskandar ([1] supra), it is apparent
that the first threshold requirement is met. A decision by a judge pursuant to
s 97 of the LPA is a decision of the High Court for the same reasons that a
decision by a judge pursuant to s 96 of the LPA is a decision of the High
Court (see Iskandar at [60]–[68]). A “Judge” is defined in s 2 of the LPA as
“a Judge of the High Court sitting in chambers”, and there is nothing in the
statute that suggests that this definition is inadequate or should be
excluded. Our reasoning is fortified by the definition of “court” in s 2 of
the LPA as “the High Court or a Judge when sitting in open court”, and the
fact that references to a “court” and a “judge” throughout the LPA are
sometimes used interchangeably (see for example, s 88(4)(a) read with s
95(3)(a) and s 97(1) read with s 94(2)).

22 Second, a decision pursuant to s 97 of the LPA is an exercise of the High
Court’s civil jurisdiction because the disciplinary jurisdiction of the court
falls within its civil jurisdiction (see Iskandar at [70]–[88]). This is
pursuant to s 16(2) of the SCJA, which provides for the general civil
jurisdiction of the court and states that the High Court shall have such
jurisdiction as is vested in it by any other written law. The references to
the “disciplinary jurisdiction” of the court in the precedents are simply
descriptive of the body of law exercised by the court, and the jurisdiction is
vested in the High Court by the relevant provisions of the LPA.

23 Both s 96 and s 97 involve the Judge’s review of the correctness of a
decision made by a body constituted under the LPA, albeit at different stages
of the assessment of the merits of the complaint. In fact, as was alluded to
in Iskandar, the nature of proceedings under s 97 might be said to be even
clearer than that under s 96 (see Iskandar at [30]–[32]). Section 97(4) of the
LPA states:

(4) The Judge hearing the application —

(a) shall have full power to determine any question necessary to be determined
for the purpose of doing justice in the case, including any question as to the
correctness, legality or propriety of the determination or order of the
Disciplinary Tribunal, or as to the regularity of any proceedings of the
Disciplinary Tribunal; and

(b) may make such orders as the Judge thinks fit, including —

(i) an order directing the person who made the complaint or the Council to
make an application under section 98;

(ii) an order setting aside the determination of the Disciplinary Tribunal and
directing —

(A) the Disciplinary Tribunal to rehear and reinvestigate the complaint or
matter; or

(B) the Society to apply to the Chief Justice for the appointment of another
Disciplinary Tribunal to hear and investigate the complaint or matter; or

(iii) such order for the payment of costs as may be just.

24 Under s 97(4)(a), the Judge is expressly empowered to consider the
correctness, legality or propriety of any determination or order of the
Disciplinary Tribunal. In this respect, proceedings under s 97 of the LPA are
akin to judicial review proceedings (see Iskandar at [32], citing Mohd Sadique
bin Ibrahim Marican and another v Law Society of Singapore [2010] 3 SLR 1097
at [10] and Law Society of Singapore v Yeo Khirn Hai Alvin and another matter
[2020] 4 SLR 858 at [25]). This is further supported by s 91A(1) of the LPA,
which restricts judicial review in any court of any act or decision of the
Disciplinary Tribunal “[e]xcept as provided in sections 82A, 97 and 98”. As
the statutory power is limited to a review of the proceedings, the Judge
hearing an application under s 97 cannot punish the solicitor directly and can
only, if he or she disagrees with the Disciplinary Tribunal, direct the Law
Society to make an application to the C3J or direct that the matter be sent
back to be investigated by the same or a different Disciplinary Tribunal. In
an appeal against the Judge’s decision, the Court of Appeal is only concerned
with the correctness of that decision and cannot exercise the powers reserved
to the C3J. The jurisdiction of the C3J, which is specially constituted under
the LPA, may be said to be sui generis, and there is no dispute that there can
be no appeal against the decisions of the C3J (see s 98(7) of the LPA). But
that unique jurisdiction does not arise in an appeal against a decision
pursuant to s 97 of the LPA (see also Iskandar at [85]–[87]).

Conclusion

25 We therefore hold that there is a right of appeal to this court against
decisions pursuant to s 97 of the LPA, and we dismiss the respondent’s
application to strike out the notice of appeal. We reiterate our comments in
Iskandar that legislative reform would be very welcome to clarify the
disciplinary framework in the LPA (Iskandar at [34] and [91]).

26 We will hear parties on the substantive appeal in due course. The costs of
this application are reserved pending the determination of the substantive
appeal.

Sundaresh Menon  
Chief Justice| Judith Prakash  
Justice of the Court of Appeal  
---|---  
Steven Chong  
Justice of the Court of Appeal|  
  
Chen Kok Siang Joseph (Joseph Chen & Co) for the appellant;  
Narayanan Sreenivasan SC and Ranita Yogeeswaran (K&L Gates Straits Law LLC)
for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 08 Jan 2021 (17:07 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

