Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  
THE

high court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC 46

Criminal Case No 46 of 2019

Between

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
And

| Omar bin Yacob Bamadhaj  
---|---  
  
judgment

[Criminal Law] — [Statutory offences] — [Misuse of Drugs Act]

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Statements] — [Voluntariness]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  
v

  

Omar bin Yacob Bamadhaj

[2021] SGHC 46

General Division of the High Court — Criminal Case No 46 of 2019  
Tan Siong Thye J  
6–9, 13, 14 October, 4 December 2020, 27 January, 11 February 2021

24 February 2021 Judgment reserved.

Tan Siong Thye J:

Introduction

1 The accused is Omar bin Yacob Bamadhaj (“Omar”), a 41-year-old male
Singaporean. Omar faces one charge under s 7 of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap
185, 2008 Rev Ed) (“MDA”) for importing into Singapore three bundles
containing not less than 1009.1g of vegetable matter, which was analysed and
found to be cannabis. If convicted, Omar is liable to capital punishment
pursuant to s 33(1) read with the Second Schedule to the MDA, unless s 33B(1)
of the MDA applies. The charge against Omar reads as follows:

That you, OMAR BIN YACOB BAMADHAJ,

on 12 July 2018 at about 12.25 a.m., at Woodlands Checkpoint, Singapore, did
import into Singapore a Class A controlled drug listed in the First Schedule
of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed) (‘the MDA’), to wit, three
(3) bundles containing not less than 1009.1g of vegetable matter, which was
analysed and found to be cannabis, without any authorisation under the MDA or
the Regulations made thereunder, and you have thereby committed an offence
under section 7 of the MDA and punishable under section 33(1) of the MDA, and
alternatively, upon conviction, you may be liable to be punished under section
33B(1) of the MDA

[emphasis in original]

The facts

Omar’s arrest

2 At or about midnight on 12 July 2018, Omar and his father, Yacob bin Osman
Bamadhaj (“Yacob”), entered Singapore from Malaysia via Woodlands Checkpoint.
Yacob was driving his car bearing Singapore registration number SLC6226T (“the
Car”), with Omar seated in the front passenger seat. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Statement of Agreed Facts (“SOAF”), at para 2.

3 At about 12.25am, at the Arrival Car Counter 34 (“Counter 34”), Aetos
officer Corporal Loo Kum Pang (“Cpl Loo”) conducted a routine check on the
Car. During the check, in the boot of the Car, Cpl Loo discovered a black and
blue haversack bag (“the Bag”, subsequently marked A1) together with many
grocery plastic bags. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Exhibit P23.

The Bag belonged to Omar. The Bag contained Omar’s clothes which concealed
three bundles wrapped in aluminium foil, cling wrap and newspaper (“the
Bundles”, subsequently marked A1A1A1, A1B1A1 and A1C1A1A). 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

NEs, 6 October 2020, p 66, line 18 to p 67, line 21.

Omar, in reply to Cpl Loo’s query, said the Bundles contained “plants for
herbs”. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Agreed Bundle (“AB”) 108–110.

Cpl Loo then requested for the Car to be referred to the Green Channel office
of the Immigration and Checkpoints Authority (“ICA”) for further checks. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

SOAF, at paras 2–3.

4 Shortly after 12.30am, Sergeant Muhammad Faliq bin Mohd Awi (“Sgt Faliq”)
and Sergeant Muhammad Ridhuan bin Abdol Mutalib (“Sgt Ridhuan”) from the ICA
arrived at Counter 34. Sgt Faliq, with the assistance of Sgt Ridhuan,
subsequently placed Omar under arrest for suspicion of importation of a
controlled drug. At about 12.35am, Staff Sergeant Chong Jia Lian (“SSgt
Chong”) and Sgt Muhammad Zuhaidi bin Abdul Wahab (“Sgt Zuhaidi”) from the
Central Narcotics Bureau (“CNB”) arrived at Counter 34 and took over the
matter. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

SOAF, at para 6.

At or about 12.40am, SSgt Chong retrieved and seized the Bundles from the boot
of the Car. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

SOAF, at para 6.

Drug analysis

5 The Bundles were subsequently sent for analysis by the Health Sciences
Authority (“HSA”). HSA’s analysis revealed that the Bundles contained a total
of not less than 1009.01g (net) of vegetable matter, which was analysed and
found to be cannabis, as follows: 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

SOAF, at paras 21–24; AB 65–69, 517–523.

Exhibit No| Description| Gross weight (g)| Analysed weight of cannabis (g)  
---|---|---|---  
A1A1A1| One block| 970.5| Not less than 487.9  
A1B1A1| One block| 997.8| Not less than 295.1  
A1C1A1A| One block| 1010| Not less than 226.1  
Total| Not less than 1009.1  
  
DNA analysis

6 The following exhibits taken from the Bundles were analysed by the HSA for
DNA, the results of which were as follows: 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

SOAF, at para 29; AB 59–64.

Source| Exhibit No| Description| Results  
---|---|---|---  
A1A1A1| A1A1| One cling wrap| No interpretable DNA profile was obtained  
A1A1-SW| Wet, dry and control swabs of exhibit A1A1| No interpretable DNA
profile was obtained  
A1A1A| One aluminium foil wrapping| No interpretable DNA profile was obtained  
A1B1A1| A1B1| One cling wrap| DNA profiles were obtained from the cling film
and the plastic which did not match Omar’s DNA profile  
A1B1-SW| Wet, dry and control swabs of exhibit A1B1| No interpretable DNA
profile was obtained  
A1B1A| One aluminium foil wrapping | No interpretable DNA profile was obtained  
A1C1A1A| A1C| One rubber band| No interpretable DNA profile was obtained  
A1C1A| One cling wrap | No interpretable DNA profile was obtained  
A1C1A-SW| Wet, dry and control swabs of exhibit A1C1A| No interpretable DNA
profile was obtained  
A1C1A1| One aluminium foil wrapping| No interpretable DNA profile was obtained  
  
Statements given by Omar

7 The Prosecution contends that on 12 July 2018, at about 12.25am, Omar gave
an oral statement to Cpl Loo when Cpl Loo asked Omar about the Bundles in his
Bag. Omar replied that “it was just plants for herbs” (“the First Oral
Statement”). 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

AB 108–110.

Later, between 12.30am and 12.35am, Omar gave another oral statement to Sgt
Faliq (“the Second Oral Statement”) admitting that the Bundles contained
cannabis. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

AB 112.

Omar denies that the Second Oral Statement was given by him to Sgt Faliq. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

NEs, 7 October 2020, p 12, line 30 to p 13, line 13; p 15, lines 8–12.

8 Apart from the First Oral Statement and the Second Oral Statement, the
following eight statements were given by Omar in the course of the
investigations: 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

SOAF, at para 39; NEs, 7 October 2020, p 12, lines 25–28.

(a) an oral statement given to Sgt Zuhaidi on 12 July 2018, at about 12.36am
(“the Third Oral Statement”); 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

AB 123.

(b) a contemporaneous statement recorded by Sgt Zuhaidi on 12 July 2018, at
about 1.15am (“the Contemporaneous Statement”); 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

AB 124.

(c) a cautioned statement recorded by Investigation Officer R Shamaani (“IO
Shamaani”) on 12 July 2018, at about 3.06pm (“the Cautioned Statement”); 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

AB 159–160, 167–169.

(d) the first long statement recorded by IO Shamaani on 17 July 2018, at about
10.45am (“the First Long Statement”); 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

AB 161, 170–173.

(e) the second long statement recorded by IO Shamaani on 17 July 2018, at
about 5.42pm (“the Second Long Statement”); 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

AB 161–162, 174–191.

(f) the third long statement recorded by IO Shamaani on 18 July 2018, at about
2.52pm (“the Third Long Statement”); 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

AB 162, 192–194.

(g) the fourth long statement recorded by IO Shamaani on 29 January 2019, at
about 3.05pm (“the Fourth Long Statement”); 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

AB 164, 195–196.

and

(h) the fifth long statement recorded by IO Shamaani on 3 May 2019, at about
11.30am (“the Fifth Long Statement”). 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

AB 164–165, 197–198.

9 Omar admits that the First Oral Statement, the First Long Statement, the
Second Long Statement, the Third Long Statement, the Fourth Long Statement and
the Fifth Long Statement were given voluntarily by him, and that there was no
threat, inducement, promise or oppression made before or during the recording
of the said statements. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

SOAF, at para 40; NEs, 9 October 2020, p 41, line 26 to p 42, line 7.

However, Omar contends that the Third Oral Statement, the Contemporaneous
Statement and the Cautioned Statement were not given voluntarily by him. He
alleges that these statements were given pursuant to certain threats made to
him by Sgt Zuhaidi. I should mention that initially, Omar admitted that the
Cautioned Statement was given by him voluntarily without any inducement,
threat or promise. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

SOAF, at para 40.

That was why the Cautioned Statement was admitted into evidence during the
Prosecution’s case. However, when Omar was cross-examined on the Cautioned
Statement after his defence was called, he alleged that the Cautioned
Statement had also been given involuntarily. I shall address these issues in
greater detail below.

The parties’ cases

The Prosecution’s case

10 The Prosecution’s case is that Omar imported the Bundles into Singapore
with actual knowledge that he possessed them and that they contained cannabis.
24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Prosecution’s Closing Submissions (“PCS”), at paras 8 and 41.

In particular, Omar had pre-ordered the Bundles on 10 July 2018 from one
“Jay”, which he collected on 11 July 2018 near Wadi Hana Mosque (“the Mosque”)
and imported into Singapore on 12 July 2018. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Prosecution’s Opening Address (“POA”), at paras 15 and 18.

The Prosecution contends that Omar’s account that the Bundles were planted in
the Bag without his knowledge is a fabrication and an afterthought. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

POA, at para 20; PCS, at para 3.

11 The Prosecution relies, in the alternative, on the presumption under s
18(1)(a) of the MDA as Omar had in his possession, control and custody the Bag
containing the Bundles. Thus, the Prosecution contends that he is presumed to
have had the Bundles in his possession and this presumption has not been
rebutted by the evidence. The Prosecution also contends that the presumption
under s 18(2) of the MDA applies. Hence, Omar is presumed to have known the
nature of the drugs in the Bundles, that is, that the Bundles contained
cannabis. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

POA, at para 19; PCS, at para 10.

12 In support of its case, the Prosecution relies on several text messages
recovered from one iPhone (subsequently marked OBY-HP1) and one Samsung mobile
phone (subsequently marked OBY-HP2) seized from Omar (“the Phones”). 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

SOAF, at para 9.

The text messages show that Omar had pre-ordered the Bundles on 10 July 2018
from Jay. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

POA, at para 15.

The Prosecution also relies on the testimonies of Sgt Faliq and Sgt Zuhaidi
regarding Omar’s oral admissions to them when he was asked about the Bundles.
Specifically, Omar told them that the Bundles were cannabis, contained
“marijuana”, and belonged to him. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

POA, at para 9.

Furthermore, the Prosecution also relies on some of the statements recorded
from Omar in the course of investigations. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

PCS, at para 9.

In relation to this, the Prosecution seeks to admit into evidence and rely on
Omar’s Contemporaneous Statement and Cautioned Statement, on the basis that
they were given by Omar voluntarily and were accurately recorded from him. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

POA, at paras 16–17.

Omar’s defence

13 Omar’s defence is that he did not know the nature of the Bundles at the
material time. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Defence Closing Submissions (“DCS”), at para 9.

According to Omar, the Bundles had been placed in his Bag by his
acquaintances, Din and/or Latif, without his knowledge 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

NEs, 9 October 2020, p 56, lines 27–29.

and he only realised that the Bundles were cannabis when the Bundles were
processed by the CNB as exhibits after his arrest. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

NEs, 9 October 2020, p 48, lines 30–31.

14 In relation to the text messages relied on by the Prosecution, Omar’s
explanation is that Jay was his distant relative and supplied him with cloth
and textile for his business. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

NEs, 9 October 2020, p 52, lines 10–11; p 82, line 22 to p 83, line 19.

According to Omar, Jay had messaged him to ask him if he would be going to
Johor Bahru the next day, as Jay had some textiles or cloth prepared for Omar.
In that context, the references in the messages to “barang” were references to
cloth or textiles. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

NEs, 9 October 2020, p 53, lines 3–26.

As regards the events of 11 July 2018 and 12 July 2018, Omar’s account of the
relevant events is as follows.

Events in Johor Bahru

15 On 11 July 2018, at about 4pm, Omar and Yacob departed Singapore to go to
Johor Bahru using the Car driven by Omar. Upon their arrival, they went to a
supermarket to buy groceries, including pampers and cooking oil. They then
went to the Mosque at about 7pm to perform their evening prayers. After that,
Yacob went to Omar’s brother’s madrasah, or religious school, to attend an
event, 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

NEs, 9 October 2020, p 37, line 27 to p 38, line 4; p 38, lines 19–23.

while Omar went to collect a wooden chair that he had sent for repair. After
collecting the chair, he went back to the Mosque to perform his night prayers.
He then returned to the madrasah, where he met his brother and Yacob for about
half an hour. After that, he went for a 30-minute cupping massage at a
location near the Mosque. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

NEs, 9 October 2020, p 37, line 25 to p 38, line 20; DCS, at paras 26(a)–(b).

16 After the massage, Omar went to wash the Car near a restaurant (“the
Restaurant”). While he was there, he happened to meet two of his
acquaintances, Latif and Din. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

NEs, 9 October 2020, p 39, lines 20–30.

Omar, Latif and Din smoked a rolled cigarette near the rear of the Car, which
had its boot open. Latif asked Omar to bring “barang” to Singapore – three
bundles wrapped in newspaper. Din was holding the barang which he put into the
Bag. However, Omar told Latif and Din that he did not dare to bring the
Bundles into Singapore as he did “not want to take the risk”. According to
Omar, he did not ask Latif and Din what the contents of the Bundles were. Upon
hearing this, Din took the Bundles out of the Bag and brought them back to his
own car. This exchange occurred in the span of about half an hour. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

NEs, 9 October 2020, p 40, lines 1–11; DCS, at para 26(c).

17 After this exchange, Omar called Yacob, who informed him that he was ready
to return to Singapore. Omar then went to the toilet for about five minutes.
When he returned to the Car, Din asked him for his mobile phone number, which
Omar gave to Din. Omar then drove to the Mosque to pick up Yacob. Omar told
Yacob to drive the Car back to Singapore as Omar was tired. Omar alleged that
he dozed off in the front passenger seat on the way to Woodlands Checkpoint.
42

##### Foot Note 42

×

NEs, 9 October 2020, p 40, lines 11–20; DCS, at para 26(d).

Events surrounding Omar’s arrest

18 When Omar and Yacob were at Singapore’s Woodlands Checkpoint, Omar was
awakened by Yacob, who asked him what the items in the Bag in the boot of the
Car were. Omar did not answer Yacob but went directly to the boot of the Car.
When questioned by Cpl Loo, Omar told Cpl Loo that he did not know what the
items were. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

NEs, 9 October 2020, p 40, lines 21–25.

Omar testified that he might have “spontaneously” told Cpl Loo that the
Bundles were herbs, as he had suddenly been awoken from his sleep and he had
previously bought items from Malaysia such as ginseng and tongkat ali which
were also wrapped in newspaper. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

NEs, 9 October 2020, p 41, line 31 to p 42, line 7; DCS, at paras 26(e)–(g).

Cpl Loo then seized Omar’s mobile phone and passport, and instructed Omar and
Yacob to sit in the Car. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

NEs, 9 October 2020, p 40, lines 25–27.

19 A few minutes later, a few ICA officers arrived. Sgt Faliq asked Omar what
the Bundles were, to which Omar replied that he did not know. Sgt Faliq then
instructed Omar and Yacob to step out of the Car, and handcuffed them. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

NEs, 9 October 2020, p 40, lines 30–31.

Thereafter, Sgt Faliq brought Omar to the rear of the Car, raised his hand and
threatened Omar, “If you refuse to admit ownership to this item, I will slap
you”. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

NEs, 9 October 2020, p 42, lines 10–17.

Omar did not tell Sgt Faliq that the Bundles were cannabis. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

NEs, 9 October 2020, p 43, lines 11–28.

20 About five to ten minutes later, Sgt Zuhaidi and SSgt Chong arrived. Cpl
Loo and Sgt Faliq briefed Sgt Zuhaidi and SSgt Chong, after which Sgt Zuhaidi
brought Omar to Arrival Car Counter 33 (“Counter 33”) and SSgt Chong brought
Yacob to Counter 34. At Counter 33, Sgt Zuhaidi asked Omar whom the Bundles
belonged to and whom they were to be delivered to. However, Omar replied that
he did not know. Omar explained that the Bundles did not belong to him but
might belong to Latif and Din. Sgt Zuhaidi then threw a pen at Omar and
threatened him. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

NEs, 9 October 2020, p 43, line 29 to p 46, line 6.

Subsequently, Sgt Zuhaidi wrote the Contemporaneous Statement and asked Omar
to sign it, which he did.

Events post-arrest

21 Subsequently, Omar was brought to the Woodlands Checkpoint office, where
his urine sample was taken and a body search was conducted. He was then
brought to several locations – his home, Yacob’s shop, the CNB premises at
Cantonment Police Complex, and Alexandra Hospital. Eventually, he returned to
the CNB premises at Cantonment Police Complex, where his Cautioned Statement
was recorded on 12 July 2018 at about 3.06pm. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

NEs, 9 October 2020, p 48, line 8 to p 49, line 7.

Omar testified that by the time his Cautioned Statement was recorded, he had
not slept for about 33 hours. Furthermore, he was afraid and his mind was
blank. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

NEs, 9 October 2020, p 50, lines 16–21.

Admissibility of Omar’s statements

22 The ancillary proceedings were conducted to ascertain whether the Third
Oral Statement, the Contemporaneous Statement and the Cautioned Statement had
been given by Omar voluntarily without inducement, threat or promise. The
Prosecution submitted that these statements were made voluntarily. On the
other hand, Omar denied that he had made the Third Oral Statement and
contended that the Contemporaneous Statement and the Cautioned Statement had
been given involuntarily. Instead, he only gave the Contemporaneous Statement
because Sgt Zuhaidi had thrown a pen at him and threatened to charge both him
and Yacob, as well as send them to be hanged, if he did not cooperate. This
threat continued to operate on his mind when he gave his Cautioned Statement.

23 The first ancillary hearing was convened during the Prosecution’s case to
determine the admissibility of the Third Oral Statement and the
Contemporaneous Statement. Omar did not challenge the voluntariness of the
Cautioned Statement during the Prosecution’s case and thus his Cautioned
Statement was admitted at that stage.

24 At the end of the first ancillary hearing, I was satisfied beyond a
reasonable doubt that the Third Oral Statement and the Contemporaneous
Statement had been given by Omar voluntarily without inducement, threat or
promise. Accordingly, I admitted the Third Oral Statement and the
Contemporaneous Statement into evidence.

25 The second ancillary hearing was convened during the Defence’s case, midway
through the Prosecution’s cross-examination of Omar. Although this was not
initially raised as an issue, Omar’s evidence in the course of cross-
examination appeared to contest the voluntariness of his Cautioned Statement.
52

##### Foot Note 52

×

NEs, 13 October 2020, p 39, line 21 to p 40, line 17.

Thus, the second ancillary hearing was convened to determine the voluntariness
of Omar’s Cautioned Statement. At the end of the second ancillary hearing, I
was satisfied beyond a reasonable doubt that the Cautioned Statement had been
given by Omar voluntarily without inducement, threat or promise. Accordingly,
I allowed the Cautioned Statement to continue to be admitted as evidence. I
set out my reasons below, dealing with each ancillary hearing separately.

The first ancillary hearing

Omar’s case

26 Omar alleged that he did not give the Third Oral Statement and that the
Contemporaneous Statement was not given voluntarily. In relation to the Third
Oral Statement, Omar denied that the conversation had even taken place.
According to Omar, his first interaction with Sgt Zuhaidi was at Counter 33,
when Sgt Zuhaidi recorded the Contemporaneous Statement. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

NEs, 7 October 2020, p 91, lines 19–27; 8 October 2020, p 7, line 26 to p 8,
line 1.

27 In relation to the Contemporaneous Statement, Omar testified that after he
entered Counter 33, he told Sgt Zuhaidi that he and Yacob were innocent and
that someone had planted the Bundles on him. He explained to Sgt Zuhaidi that
in Johor Bahru, he had met Latif and Din, who had asked him to bring into
Singapore the Bundles in exchange for $500 per bundle. Not knowing the
contents of the Bundles, he had refused to do so, as he did not want to risk
bringing the Bundles into Singapore. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

NEs, 8 October 2020, p 8, line 22 to p 9, line 3.

Sgt Zuhaidi continued to ask Omar a few more questions, to which Omar replied
that he did not know. Sgt Zuhaidi then threatened to charge him and Yacob for
drug importation if he refused to cooperate. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

NEs, 7 October 2020, p 92, lines 1–6; 8 October 2020, p 7, line 19 to p 8,
line 1; p 9, lines 8–15.

Specifically, Sgt Zuhaidi threw a pen at him and told him, “If you refuse to
admit to this, I will throw both you and your father to be hanged.” 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

NEs, 7 October 2020, p 92, lines 17–22; 8 October 2020, p 10, lines 1–6.

28 Omar explained that due to this threat, he was afraid for himself and
Yacob. He was especially concerned for Yacob, whom he was afraid would be so
shocked by the arrest as to have a heart attack. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

NEs, 7 October 2020, p 92, line 24 to p 7.

Omar alleged that Yacob had never been arrested and he did not wish for Yacob
to have to go through the process of being charged. This caused him to give
the Contemporaneous Statement, in which he admitted knowledge of the Bundles
and that they contained cannabis.

29 Omar further testified that he did not use the word “marijuana” in response
to Sgt Zuhaidi’s questions, as he did not even know the contents of the
Bundles until the Bundles were subsequently processed by CNB. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

NEs, 7 October 2020, p 94, lines 14–18; 8 October 2020, p 15, lines 25–27.

Instead, Sgt Zuhaidi had written the Contemporaneous Statement of his own
accord. Thereafter, Sgt Zuhaidi told Omar to sign it and he complied. Sgt
Zuhaidi did not ask Omar to read through the contents of the Contemporaneous
Statement before signing. Neither did Omar read the contents of the
Contemporaneous Statement before signing it, as he was afraid and could not
“think well or properly”. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

NEs, 7 October 2020, p 93, lines 19–30; 8 October 2020, p 4, lines 22–24.

The Prosecution’s case

30 The Prosecution submitted that no threat, inducement or promise was made by
Sgt Zuhaidi when the Third Oral Statement and the Contemporaneous Statement
were given. In support of its submission, the Prosecution relied on the
testimonies of Sgt Zuhaidi, SSgt Chong and Sgt Ridhuan.

31 In relation to the Third Oral Statement, Sgt Zuhaidi testified that this
was recorded in less than two minutes. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

NEs, 7 October 2020, p 41, line 22 to p 42, line 1.

This happened when he arrived at the scene and he first asked Omar a question
in Malay, “barang apa itu?”, meaning, “What item is that?” This is reflected
in the first question recorded in the Third Oral Statement – “What are these?”
Although he could not remember Omar’s exact words in reply, he testified that
Omar had specifically said that the Bundles contained “marijuana”. Sgt Zuhaidi
also asked Omar where he had to deliver the Bundles and who was going to
collect them. However, Omar replied that he did not know. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

NEs, 7 October 2020, p 43, line 13 to p 45, line 5.

Sgt Zuhaidi denied making any threat, inducement or promise to Omar when he
questioned Omar. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

NEs, 7 October 2020, p 24, lines 28–31.

32 In relation to the Contemporaneous Statement, Sgt Zuhaidi similarly denied
that he had threatened Omar to charge him and Yacob for the offence of drug
importation. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

NEs, 7 October 2020, p 33, lines 27–31; p 45, lines 17-19.

He also did not throw a pen at Omar or threaten to press charges against both
Omar and Yacob and send both of them to hang. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

NEs, 7 October 2020, p 45, lines 6–24; p 45, line 29 to p 46, line 29.

Sgt Zuhaidi explained that he was not involved in framing the charges against
accused persons as that was for the investigation officer to decide. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

NEs, 7 October 2020, p 51, lines 8–15.

He also explained that prior to the recording of the Contemporaneous
Statement, Omar had confirmed that he was fine and was comfortable to give his
statement in the English language. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

NEs, 7 October 2020, p 29, lines 10–23.

After the Contemporaneous Statement was recorded, Sgt Zuhaidi read it back to
Omar in the English language and invited him to make any amendments. Omar
declined to make any amendments and appended his full name, IC number and
signature on the Contemporaneous Statement. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

NEs, 7 October 2020, p 32, lines 9–14.

33 Sgt Zuhaidi’s testimony was supported by SSgt Chong’s testimony and the
entries made by SSgt Chong in the station diary. SSgt Chong was about 1m away
from Sgt Zuhaidi and Omar when the Third Oral Statement was given. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

NEs, 7 October 2020, p 24, lines 6–11; p 56, lines 22–26.

At that time, SSgt Chong was being briefed by Cpl Loo regarding the case. SSgt
Chong testified that although he could not remember the language in which Omar
and Sgt Zuhaidi was speaking and did not catch their entire conversation, he
overheard Omar saying “marijuana” to Sgt Zuhaidi. After the briefing by Cpl
Loo, SSgt Chong checked with Sgt Zuhaidi, who informed him that Omar had
admitted that the Bundles were marijuana. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

NEs, 7 October 2020, p 56, line 27 to p 57, line 3.

SSgt Chong then recorded this in the station diary. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Exhibit P105; NEs, 7 October 2020, p 59, line 6–11.

34 Sgt Zuhaidi’s testimony was also supported by Sgt Ridhuan’s testimony. Sgt
Ridhuan was about 1m to 1.5m away from Omar and Sgt Zuhaidi when the Third
Oral Statement and the Contemporaneous Statement were given. In particular,
when the Contemporaneous Statement was recorded, Sgt Ridhuan was standing
inside the same counter area, ie, inside Counter 33 and Counter 34 which were
unseparated in the same booth. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

NEs, 7 October 2020, p 81, lines 1–27.

Hence, he had overheard the conversation between Sgt Zuhaidi and Omar. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

NEs, 7 October 2020, p 74, lines 16–19; p 76, lines 2–4.

He testified that throughout the giving of the Third Oral Statement and the
Contemporaneous Statement, Omar appeared “calm” and “comfortable”, and that
Omar and Sgt Zuhaidi had been speaking in a “normal tone”. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

NEs, 7 October 2020, p 74, lines 20–25; p 76, line 18 to p 77, line 3.

Sgt Ridhuan did not, at any point in time, see Sgt Zuhaidi making any threat,
inducement or promise to Omar. In particular, he did not see or overhear Sgt
Zuhaidi threatening to charge Omar and Yacob; neither did he see Sgt Zuhaidi
throw a pen at Omar. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

NEs, 7 October 2020, p 77, lines 10–25.

My decision on the admissibility of Omar’s Third Oral Statement and
Contemporaneous Statement

35 Section 258(3) of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed) (“CPC”)
reads as follows:

(3) The court shall refuse to admit the statement of an accused or allow it to
be used in the manner referred to in subsection (1) if the making of the
statement appears to the court to have been caused by any inducement, threat
or promise having reference to the charge against the accused, proceeding from
a person in authority and sufficient, in the opinion of the court, to give the
accused grounds which would appear to him reasonable for supposing that by
making the statement he would gain any advantage or avoid any evil of a
temporal nature in reference to the proceedings against him.

36 There are two limbs to the test of voluntariness (see Chai Chien Wei Kelvin
v Public Prosecutor [1998] 3 SLR(R) 619 (“Chai Chien Wei Kelvin”) at [53]).
The first limb is an objective one and this concerns whether a threat,
inducement or promise was actually made. The second limb is a subjective one
and it concerns whether the threat, inducement or promise “operate[d] on the
mind of the particular accused through hope of escape or fear of punishment
connected with the charge”. I emphasise that the burden is on the Prosecution
to prove beyond a reasonable doubt that the statements were made voluntarily,
rather than on the Defence to prove on a balance of probabilities that the
statements were not made voluntarily (see Chai Chien Wei Kelvin at [53];
Public Prosecutor v Mohamed Ansari bin Mohamed Abdul Aziz and another [2019]
SGHC 268 (“Mohamed Ansari”) at [9]).

37 Preliminarily, I note that Omar’s objection regarding the Third Oral
Statement was that he did not actually make such a statement. As this
objection did not pertain to voluntariness, the Third Oral Statement
rightfully should not have been the subject of ancillary proceedings. This was
conceded by Omar’s counsel. This position is explained in Illustration (d) to
s 279(1) of the CPC:

279.—(1) ...

Illustrations

…

(d) The prosecution seeks to admit a statement of the accused, who denies that
he made it. No ancillary hearing is necessary as this does not relate to the
voluntariness of the statement.

Based on the evidence, I was satisfied that the Third Oral Statement had in
fact been made. As I shall elaborate below, Sgt Zuhaidi’s account that Omar
had given the Third Oral Statement was corroborated by SSgt Chong, Sgt Ridhuan
as well as an entry in the station diary. Having concluded that the Third Oral
Statement had in fact been given, I then considered the voluntariness of both
the Third Oral Statement and the Contemporaneous Statement.

38 I shall turn now to the facts of the present case. The crux of the dispute
revolved around the objective limb of the test set out in Chai Chien Wei
Kelvin – whether Sgt Zuhaidi had thrown a pen at Omar and threatened to charge
Omar and Yacob with drug importation so that they would both be hanged, unless
Omar cooperated and admitted to knowing about the Bundles and the drugs
contained therein (“the Threat”). If the objective limb of the test is shown
(ie, it is shown that no threat, inducement or promise had actually been
made), there will be no further need to consider the subjective limb of the
test.

39 In my view, the Prosecution had proven beyond a reasonable doubt that the
Threat had not in fact been made for the following reasons.

(1) The Prosecution’s witnesses and the contemporaneous evidence

40 Sgt Zuhaidi’s account of what had transpired during the recording of the
Third Oral Statement and the Contemporaneous Statement was supported by two
credible witnesses, as well as by the contemporaneous evidence. The
Prosecution’s witnesses did not know Omar and Yacob before this case. The Car
was randomly checked through a routine procedure and the Bundles were
discovered by chance. There was no evidence that the officers were targeting
the Car or that the officers were out to get Omar or Yacob. Thus, there was no
evidence to suggest that the officers who dealt with Omar and Yacob wanted to
do any harm to them. These officers were just doing their job. I shall now
consider the evidence of the Prosecution’s witnesses.

41 I turn first to the evidence of Sgt Ridhuan, who confirmed that the Third
Oral Statement had taken place, and that no threat, inducement or promise had
been made during the recording of the Contemporaneous Statement. It was not
disputed that Sgt Ridhuan was very near to both Sgt Zuhaidi and Omar at the
relevant times. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

NEs, 8 October 2020, p 11, lines 10–17.

Hence, he could see Sgt Zuhaidi and Omar and hear their conversation. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

NEs, 7 October 2020, p 83, lines 12–19.

This was clear from the fact that his evidence on what he had overheard
correlated to what Sgt Zuhaidi and Omar had actually discussed. Sgt Ridhuan
testified that he had heard Sgt Zuhaidi asking Omar about an incoming phone
call. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

NEs, 7 October 2020, p 76, lines 5–13.

This accords with a reference in the Contemporaneous Statement to Omar
“waiting for the person to call [him]”, as well as Omar’s own testimony that
he did tell Sgt Zuhaidi “that this item [did] not belong to [him]” and that a
person was “going to call [him]”. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

NEs, 8 October 2020, p 18, lines 18–27.

42 Although Sgt Ridhuan could not recall everything that transpired between
Sgt Zuhaidi and Omar, 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

NEs, 7 October 2020, p 74, lines 20–22; p 76, lines 14–17.

this did not mean that at the time, he did not see and/or hear their
conversation. Furthermore, although Sgt Ridhuan was not paying complete
attention and had a side view of Omar, 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

NEs, 7 October 2020, p 84, lines 5–25.

these did not compromise the reliability or veracity of his evidence.
According to Omar, Sgt Zuhaidi had used clear words to threaten him and had
even thrown a pen at him. These would have been noticed by Sgt Ridhuan even if
he was not paying full attention or could only see Omar’s side view. Rather
than diminishing the weight to be given to his evidence, I found that Sgt
Ridhuan was candid on this point and this bolstered his credibility as an
honest and forthcoming witness.

43 I turn next to the evidence of SSgt Chong, who also confirmed that the
Third Oral Statement was given, and that Omar had admitted that the Bundles
were marijuana and they belonged to him. While Cpl Loo was briefing SSgt
Chong, they were standing near Sgt Zuhaidi and Omar. SSgt Chong overheard the
word “marijuana” in their conversation 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

NEs, 7 October 2020, p 56, lines 27–30.

and asked Sgt Zuhaidi what Omar had told him. Sgt Zuhaidi told SSgt Chong that
“Mr Omar told—admitted that the bundles are marijuana”. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

NEs, 7 October 2020, p 57, line 3.

SSgt Chong remembered this incident because this case was unique as it
involved father and son and it was “the largest seizure [of drugs] in [his]
entire career”. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

NEs, 7 October 2020, p 57, line 17.

As with Sgt Ridhuan, SSgt Chong was also standing close by at the time the
Third Oral Statement was given. Furthermore, SSgt Chong’s and Sgt Zuhaidi’s
testimonies were corroborated by the contemporaneous evidence, specifically,
an entry in the station diary marked by the time “0036” (ie, 12.36am). This
entry reads, “Zuhaidi interview[ed] [Omar] and [Omar] admitted it to be
marijuana …”. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

Exhibit P105.

The timing of the entry in the station diary corresponds to the time which Sgt
Zuhaidi said the Third Oral Statement was given (ie, about 12.36am). 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

AB 123, at para 5.

SSgt Chong explained that he made this entry one or two minutes after Sgt
Zuhaidi interviewed Omar. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

Exhibit P105; NEs, 7 October 2020, p 59, line 6 to p 60, line 3; p 60, lines
18–22.

Thus, the entry at 12.36am in the station diary was consistent with both SSgt
Chong’s and Sgt Zuhaidi’s testimonies regarding the Third Oral Statement.
Furthermore, it contradicted Omar’s allegations that he had not spoken to Sgt
Zuhaidi until the recording of the Contemporaneous Statement at Counter 33. It
also contradicted Omar’s claim that he did not admit to knowing that the
Bundles were cannabis.

44 In the course of the cross-examination of SSgt Chong, Omar’s counsel
highlighted that the information in SSgt Chong’s conditioned statement, the
police report made by SSgt Chong and the entries in the station diary did not
match exactly. First, although the station diary stated that Omar had admitted
that the Bundles were marijuana, this was not mentioned in SSgt Chong’s
conditioned statement. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

NEs, 7 October 2020, p 64, line 21 to p 65, line 12.

Secondly, there was also no mention in the police report that Omar had used
the word “marijuana”. The police report only stated that Omar “admitted
ownership to [the Bundles]” and “exonerated [Yacob] of any illegal drug
activities”. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

AB 120; NEs, 7 October 2020, p 65, lines 17–22.

Finally, the fact that Omar had exonerated Yacob of any illegal drug
activities was not mentioned in the station diary. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

NEs, 7 October 2020, p 67, lines 19–31.

However, these were minor and insignificant discrepancies. In relation to the
police report, SSgt Chong explained that it was meant to contain “brief
facts”. Hence, he only included the fact that Omar had admitted ownership to
the Bundles, which he considered the “most important part”. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

NEs, 7 October 2020, p 65, line 26 to p 66, line 18.

As regards the station diary, SSgt Chong explained that entries in the station
diary were usually made “on the spot” one or two minutes from the occurrence
of the event. Hence, there had not been enough time for him to list down all
the relevant facts. In contrast, the police report was made later at around
5am, by which time SSgt Chong was able to consolidate the facts from Sgt
Zuhaidi and list them down in the police report. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

NEs, 7 October 2020, p 68, lines 1–10.

I considered this explanation reasonable.

45 The Prosecution’s case was also supported by IO Shamaani’s testimony. IO
Shamaani testified that on 12 July 2018, after she had spoken to the arresting
officers and obtained their verbal account of the relevant events, she viewed
the CCTV footage of the events that took place from the time of Omar’s arrest.
The CCTV footage provided only a visual recording, with no audio. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

NEs, 4 December 2020, p 23, lines 8–10.

IO Shamaani confirmed that the CCTV footage showed “nothing remarkable”. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

NEs, 4 December 2020, p 17, lines 22–24.

Instead, the CCTV footage corroborated the arresting officers’ accounts of the
relevant events. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

NEs, 4 December 2020, p 18, lines 12–31; p 20, lines 3–6.

IO Shamaani also explained that as Omar did not subsequently make any
allegations regarding his arrest in the course of her interaction with him,
she did not retrieve the CCTV footage at the material time. If Omar had made
such allegations, she would have followed up on these allegations and
retrieved the relevant CCTV footage. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

NEs, 4 December 2020, p 20, lines 13–20.

As at the time of the trial, however, it was no longer possible to retrieve
the CCTV footage as the data had been overwritten. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

NEs, 4 December 2020, p 20, lines 10–12.

For these reasons, the CCTV footage was not produced as evidence at the trial.
I accepted IO Shamaani’s explanation of why the CCTV footage was not adduced
as evidence, as well as her account of what the CCTV footage had showed.

46 For the above reasons, I accepted the evidence of Sgt Zuhaidi, Sgt Ridhuan,
SSgt Chong and IO Shamaani. There was no conceivable reason for them to lie.
To the contrary, they were clear and forthcoming in their evidence, which was
also supported by the contemporaneous evidence.

(2) Inconsistencies in Omar’s testimony

47 In contrast, there were several material inconsistencies in certain aspects
of Omar’s testimony which made me doubt his credibility and the veracity of
his evidence. First, it was unlikely that the station diary would have
referred to the Bundles being “cannabis” and “marijuana” unless Omar had told
the CNB officers so. In addition to the entry in the station diary at 12.36am
which referred to Omar admitting that the Bundles were “marijuana”, another
entry in the station diary at “0040” (ie, 12.40am) reads, “Eden [ie, SSgt
Chong] put the 3 bundles of cannabis into the large tamper proof bag”. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

Exhibit P105.

SSgt Chong explained that he used the word “cannabis” in the entry at 12.40am
because Omar had used the word “marijuana”, which was the “street lingo” for
cannabis. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

Exhibit P105; NEs, 7 October 2020, p 60, lines 4–14, 23–25.

It was significant that at all material times, the Bundles were wrapped in
newspaper and aluminium foil. This was confirmed by both Sgt Zuhaidi and SSgt
Chong. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

NEs, 7 October 2020, p 25, lines 21–24; p 29, lines 7–9; p 61, line 28 to p
62, line 23.

Thus, Sgt Zuhaidi and SSgt Chong could not have known for sure that the
Bundles were cannabis, unless Omar had told them so. It was possible that Sgt
Zuhaidi and SSgt Chong could have guessed the nature of the Bundles based on
their experience as alleged by Omar. However, Omar could not explain why they
would fabricate the statements to frame him with such a serious offence. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

NEs, 8 October 2020, p 17, lines 6–13; p 31, line 22 to p 32, line 9.

I found this highly unlikely and there was insufficient evidence to raise a
reasonable doubt in the Prosecution’s case in this regard. Sgt Zuhaidi and
SSgt Chong were simply the officers on duty at the time. They were also not
subsequently involved in the investigations. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

AB 116, 123; NEs, 7 October 2020, p 35, lines 2–6; p 63, lines 5–11.

48 Secondly, the answer in the Contemporaneous Statement that Omar had
consumed cannabis was something only Omar would know. The Contemporaneous
Statement records that Sgt Zuhaidi had asked Omar, “Did you consumed [sic] any
controlled drugs?” According to the Contemporaneous Statement, Omar’s reply
was, “Yes. I smoked ‘Marijuana’ during the time I met ‘Din’, in Johor Bahru.
…” 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

Exhibit P61.

However, at the time when the Contemporaneous Statement was recorded, Omar’s
urine had yet to be tested. As such, Sgt Zuhaidi could not have known whether
Omar had or had not consumed any drugs. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

NEs, 8 October 2020, p 18, lines 1–12.

Again, this suggests that such information had been provided to Sgt Zuhaidi by
Omar himself as subsequently his urine tested positive for 11-Nor-
delta-9-tetrahydrocannabinol-9-carboxylic acid which is a cannabinol
derivative. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

SOAF, at para 32.

This directly contradicted Omar’s claims that he made no such admission and
that Sgt Zuhaidi had made up the Contemporaneous Statement of his own accord.

49 Thirdly, it was telling that Omar did not mention the Threat until much
later when the Case for the Defence (“CFD”) was filed. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

Exhibit P106, at p 4, para 2; NEs, 8 October 2020, p 35, lines 8–28.

This was despite the fact that he had multiple opportunities to do so. There
was no mention of the Threat in his Cautioned Statement or any of his long
statements. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

NEs, 8 October 2020, p 33, line 4–10; p 34, lines 10–19; AB 173, 193.

Instead, when he was asked during the recording of the Third Long Statement to
explain the discrepancy between his Contemporaneous Statement and his long
statements, his explanation was that he was “high” at the time he gave the
Contemporaneous Statement. Specifically, Omar stated in the Third Long
Statement, as follows: 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

AB 193.

I said that [the Bundles were marijuana] because I was not at [sic] the right
state of mind. I was feeling high from the stick I had smoked with ‘Din’. High
to me is like being semi-conscious.

Neither did Omar inform Dr Amit Varma (“Dr Varma”) of the Threat, despite
seeing Dr Varma twice at about 2pm and 4.10pm on 12 July 2018 for medical
examinations. That was the very same day as when the Threat was allegedly
made. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

NEs, 8 October 2020, p 43, lines 4–8.

Moreover, even in the CFD, Omar did not mention that Sgt Zuhaidi had thrown a
pen at him. That aspect of the Threat was only raised in his oral testimony at
the trial itself. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

NEs, 8 October 2020, p 37, lines 2–7.

50 When confronted at trial with his failure to mention the Threat earlier,
Omar explained that this was because he did not trust IO Shamaani as IO
Shamaani and Sgt Zuhaidi were both from the CNB. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

NEs, 8 October 2020, p 35, lines 29–31; p 39, line 28 to p 40, line 3.

As such, when giving his Third Long Statement, he had simply given “the most
reasonable excuse” he could think of. In court, Omar clarified that this
excuse was not actually true. At the time of the recording of the
Contemporaneous Statement, he had not been so high that it affected his state
of mind. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

NEs, 8 October 2020, p 37, line 8 to p 38, line 12.

51 I was not persuaded by Omar’s shifting explanation. By the time Omar’s long
statements were recorded, he had taken a diametrically different position from
that set out in his prior statements, including the Contemporaneous Statement
and the Cautioned Statement. Specifically, he denied that he knew that the
Bundles contained cannabis, and he further denied that he had agreed to bring
the Bundles into Singapore. Instead, he suggested that Din might have put the
Bundles in the Car while he was in the toilet. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

AB 193–194.

In these circumstances, there was no reason to withhold the additional
explanation that he had been earlier coerced into giving the Contemporaneous
Statement, or that the Third Oral Statement had not taken place. This is
especially given that he was specifically asked for an explanation in that
regard. He did not have to trust IO Shamaani in order to provide that
explanation. Indeed, despite his alleged mistrust of IO Shamaani, he was
nevertheless willing to tell IO Shamaani his defence in respect of the charge.
Therefore, Omar’s failure to mention the Threat until the CFD was filed
suggested that it was merely an afterthought created by him to counter the
incriminating effect of the Third Oral Statement and the Contemporaneous
Statement.

52 For completeness, I should mention that although the Contemporaneous
Statement was recorded in English, Omar is conversant in English and he
understands the English language. His highest education level attained was the
Singapore-Cambridge General Certificate of Education Ordinary Level. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

AB 170.

In court, he had no problem reading and understanding the Contemporaneous
Statement.

(3) Conclusion on the first ancillary hearing

53 For the above reasons, I found that the Prosecution had proven beyond a
reasonable doubt that the Third Oral Statement had in fact been given, and
that the Third Oral Statement and the Contemporaneous Statement were made
voluntarily by Omar without threat, inducement or promise. No Threat had been
made by Sgt Zuhaidi to Omar at any point in time. The oral and contemporaneous
evidence adduced by the Prosecution was reliable and consistent. In contrast,
Omar’s case relied solely on his own testimony, which was inconsistent with
the information recorded in the Contemporaneous Statement. The fact that Omar
failed to mention the Threat until the CFD was filed further reinforced my
conclusion that the Threat was a mere afterthought. Accordingly, I admitted
the Third Oral Statement and the Contemporaneous Statement into evidence.

The second ancillary hearing

54 The second ancillary hearing was convened because Omar, during his cross-
examination by the Prosecution on his Cautioned Statement, which he had
earlier admitted was given by him voluntarily without any inducement, threat
or promise, suddenly alleged to the surprise of the parties that he had given
the Cautioned Statement under the influence of Sgt Zuhaidi’s Threat. However,
he said that there was no inducement, threat or promise from IO Shamaani who
recorded his Cautioned Statement. Nevertheless, the court decided to conduct
another ancillary hearing to ascertain the voluntariness of the Cautioned
Statement.

Omar’s case

55 Omar explained that after the Contemporaneous Statement was recorded, he
had expected that Yacob would be released given that he had complied with Sgt
Zuhaidi’s Threat. Specifically, he had admitted that the Bundles were cannabis
and belonged to him. However, he saw that his father still had to undergo a
urine test and that searches were conducted on his father’s person and
personal belongings. Hence, he was worried about his father and wanted his
father to be released as soon as possible. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

NEs, 14 October 2020, p 45, lines 3–23.

Thus, he alleged that he was still influenced by Sgt Zuhaidi’s Threat that
Yacob could be charged for drug importation as he was the driver and owner of
the Car. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

NEs, 14 October 2020, p 47, lines 9–24.

Therefore, he decided to “take the risk and come up with a story” so as to
exonerate Yacob and ensure Yacob’s release. He explained that he used the word
“green” in the Cautioned Statement because he saw from a photograph of the
Bundles that they contained something green in colour. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

NEs, 14 October 2020, p 46, line 16 to p 47, line 1.

56 Omar also claimed that when the Cautioned Statement was recorded, in
addition to being in fear because of the Threat, he had also been unable to
focus as he had not gotten any sleep since his arrest. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

NEs, 13 October 2020, p 35, lines 13–16.

Omar alleged that prior to the recording of the Cautioned Statement, IO
Shamaani did not check with him whether he was feeling fine. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

NEs, 14 October 2020, p 60, lines 13–19.

He explained that he gave the Cautioned Statement because of the “combination
of both” the Threat and his tiredness. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

NEs, 14 October 2020, p 63, lines 1–5.

The Prosecution’s case

57 The Prosecution recalled Sgt Zuhaidi, Sgt Ridhuan and IO Shamaani to
testify at the second ancillary hearing. Sgt Zuhaidi maintained that he did
not throw a pen at Omar or threaten to charge both Omar and Yacob and send
them both to hang if Omar did not confess to the charge. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

NEs, 14 October 2020, p 3, line 23 to p 4, line 6.

Sgt Zuhaidi affirmed that he did not see Omar again after he recorded the
Contemporaneous Statement and he had not been involved in the recording of the
Cautioned Statement. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

NEs, 14 October 2020, p 3, lines 16–19; p 4, lines 11–13.

Similarly, Sgt Ridhuan maintained that he had not seen Sgt Zuhaidi throwing a
pen at Omar or issuing the Threat to Omar. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

NEs, 14 October 2020, p 26, lines 13–26.

58 IO Shamaani testified that prior to the recording of the Cautioned
Statement, she had confirmed with Omar that he was feeling fine to give his
statement. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

NEs, 14 October 2020, p 36, lines 25–29.

Furthermore, although Omar looked tired, he was calm, responsive to questions,
and appeared to be aware of the charge and the surrounding circumstances. When
asked what he wished to state regarding the charge, he informed IO Shamaani of
the relevant details and did not appear to have difficulty recalling what had
happened. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

NEs, 14 October 2020, p 37, line 2 to p 38, line 9; p 41, lines 12–22.

After the Cautioned Statement was read back to him, he confirmed the statement
and declined to make any amendments. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

NEs, 14 October 2020, p 38, lines 13–21.

IO Shamaani testified that Omar did not mention the Threat to her at any point
in time, nor did he tell her that he was too tired to give the Cautioned
Statement. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

NEs, 14 October 2020, p 38, lines 22–30.

59 The Prosecution also called SSgt Mohammad Adli bin Mohamed Nawar (“SSgt
Adli”), who had escorted Omar on 12 July 2018. SSgt Adli testified that
between 3am (the time of his arrival) and 4.25am (the time when a strip search
was carried out), Omar had been resting on a chair in the CNB office at
Woodlands Checkpoint. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

NEs, 14 October 2020, p 32, line 28 to p 33, line 13.

Between 5.15am (the time the urine procurement and sealing of the urine sample
concluded) and 7.30am (the time Omar left Woodlands Checkpoint), Omar was
similarly resting. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

NEs, 14 October 2020, p 33, lines 25–27.

Although SSgt Adli could not recall if Omar had been provided with breakfast,
129

##### Foot Note 129

×

NEs, 14 October 2020, p 35, lines 3–6.

he testified that the normal practice was for officers to buy food for the
accused person in long operations such as the one on 12 July 2018. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

NEs, 14 October 2020, p 34, lines 1–8.

SSgt Adli testified that during the time he accompanied Omar (which was from
about 3am to sometime after 4.10pm on 12 July 2018), Omar appeared fine and
there was nothing significant about his demeanour. Neither did he mention that
any threat had been made to him. 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

NEs, 14 October 2020, p 34, lines 9–21.

60 Finally, the Prosecution also recalled Dr Varma, who had conducted two
medical examinations of Omar on 12 July 2018. The first medical examination
took place at about 2pm on 12 July 2018, prior to the recording of the
Cautioned Statement. Dr Varma’s medical case notes indicated, “Pt alert”,
meaning Omar was alert, and “Conversant – denies any medical issues or
injuries”. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

Exhibit P107; NEs, 14 October 2020, p 17, lines 6–7.

Dr Varma explained that he had reached this conclusion based on Omar’s general
demeanour and the fact that Omar had been able to appropriately answer
questions regarding where he was, his identity, and whether he had sustained
any injuries or had any medical issues or conditions. In relation to the last
question in particular, Dr Varma testified that Omar had confirmed that he did
not have any injuries, medical issues or conditions. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

NEs, 14 October 2020, p 17, lines 9–28.

61 The second medical examination took place at about 4.10pm the same day,
after the recording of the Cautioned Statement. Dr Varma’s medical case notes
indicated, “Alert and cooperative with examinations” and “Denies any
injuries/medical issues”. 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

Exhibit P108.

Dr Varma explained that he reached his conclusion as Omar had again denied
having any physical injuries and/or medical conditions and was able to answer
questions appropriately and rationally. He was also cooperative with the
physical examination. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

NEs, 14 October 2020, p 19, lines 18–25; p 20, lines 5–11.

At no point during the medical examinations did Omar mention the Threat to Dr
Varma. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

NEs, 14 October 2020, p 18, lines 1–7; p 19, lines 26–29.

Neither did Omar mention to Dr Varma that he was too tired to give a
statement, despite Dr Varma having asked him several times “whether he was
okay”. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

NEs, 14 October 2020, p 21, lines 2–7.

My decision on the admissibility of the Cautioned Statement

62 In my view, the Prosecution had proven beyond a reasonable doubt that the
Cautioned Statement had been made by Omar voluntarily, without threat,
inducement or promise.

(1) Omar’s allegation regarding the Threat

63 I shall turn first to Omar’s allegation regarding the Threat issued by Sgt
Zuhaidi. In this regard, Omar’s case was essentially the same as in the first
ancillary hearing – Sgt Zuhaidi’s Threat continued to operate on his mind when
he gave his Cautioned Statement. However, I had already found in the first
ancillary hearing that no Threat had been made by Sgt Zuhaidi to Omar at any
point in time (see [53] above). This completely undermined Omar’s case in the
second ancillary hearing that he continued to be affected by the Threat when
giving his Cautioned Statement.

64 Furthermore, Omar’s claim that the Threat affected the Cautioned Statement
was made at an extremely belated stage, even more so than for the Third Oral
Statement and the Contemporaneous Statement. As with the Third Oral Statement
and the Contemporaneous Statement, the effect of the alleged Threat on the
Cautioned Statement was not mentioned in Omar’s long statements. 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

NEs, 14 October 2020, p 67, lines 1–30.

Moreover, it was also not mentioned in the CFD. The CFD merely stated that the
Cautioned Statement “contains several inaccuracies” and that Omar would be
“challenging the contents of” the Cautioned Statement. 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

Exhibit P106, at p 4, para 3; NEs, 14 October 2020, p 78, lines 3–8.

The claim that the Threat affected the Cautioned Statement was not even raised
at the first ancillary hearing, where the issue of the Threat was thoroughly
canvassed. It was only raised by Omar in the middle of his cross-examination
during the Defence’s case. 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

NEs, 14 October 2020, p 55, lines 18–28.

All of this suggested that the link he made between the Threat and the
Cautioned Statement was, as with the Threat itself, a mere afterthought and
fabricated by him as he was not able to explain the incriminating statement he
gave in the Cautioned Statement.

65 Finally, I shall address Omar’s counsel’s reliance on Mohamed Ansari to
support Omar’s case. In Mohamed Ansari, Chan Seng Onn J found that the
Prosecution failed to prove beyond a reasonable doubt that four statements
given by the accused had been made voluntarily. Chan J found that the accused
managed to raise a reasonable doubt that those statements had been given in
order to protect his girlfriend, pursuant to several inducements from the CNB
officers. Omar’s counsel submitted that the facts in Mohamed Ansari were
similar to the facts in the present case and that the inducement was even
stronger in this case given that the relationship between Omar and Yacob was
that of a father and son. 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

NEs, 14 October 2020, p 69, lines 6–27.

However, the inquiry of voluntariness is highly fact-specific. The critical
difference between Mohamed Ansari and the present case is that in Mohamed
Ansari, Chan J had found that the accused had raised a reasonable doubt in the
Prosecution’s case that the inducements had not been made (see Mohamed Ansari
at [37] and [50]). This was based, inter alia, on an assessment that the
accused’s evidence was more credible and that the recording officers’ accounts
were “hard to believe” (see Mohamed Ansari at [38]) and “oscillating” and “not
credible” (see Mohamed Ansari at [52]). This was not the case here. No
reasonable doubt was raised by Omar in the Prosecution’s case that the Threat
had not been made. The evidence of the Prosecution’s witnesses was credible
and consistent. It was Omar’s evidence which I found to be lacking credibility
and unbelievable. Hence, Mohamed Ansari was of little assistance to Omar in
the present case.

66 Therefore, I rejected Omar’s testimony that the Threat had been made and
that he had been influenced by the Threat in giving his Cautioned Statement.

(2) Omar’s allegation that he was tired

67 I turn now to Omar’s claim that he gave his Cautioned Statement because he
was tired and had not gotten sufficient rest. He did not mention this in his
examination-in-chief during the second ancillary hearing, but he had raised it
previously in the main trial when he was cross-examined on it by the
Prosecution in the second ancillary hearing.

68 Omar’s claim regarding being tired was essentially a claim of oppression.
In this regard, Explanation 1 to s 258 of the CPC states that:

If a statement is obtained from an accused by a person in authority who had
acted in such a manner that his acts tend to sap and have in fact sapped the
free will of the maker of the statement, and the court is of the opinion that
such acts gave the accused grounds which would appear to the accused
reasonable for supposing that by making the statement, he would gain any
advantage or avoid any evil of a temporal nature in reference to the
proceedings against him, such acts will amount to a threat, an inducement or a
promise, as the case may be, which will render the statement inadmissible.
[emphasis added]

69 The Court of Appeal explained the test for oppression in Chai Chien Wei
Kelvin at [56] and [57] as follows:

56 Oppression is a circumstance which may render a confession involuntary and
thus inadmissible, and whether the accused has been subjected to oppression is
a question of fact: Seow Choon Meng v PP ([53]) supra). In R v Priestly (1967)
51 Cr App R 1, Sachs LJ, as he then was, said:

[T]his word [oppression] … imports something which tends to sap, and has
sapped, that free will which must exist before a confession is voluntary. …
Whether or not there is oppression in an individual case depends upon many
elements. … They include such things as the length of time of any individual
period of questioning, the length of time intervening between periods of
questioning, whether the accused person has been given proper refreshment or
not, and the characteristics of the person who makes the statement. What may
be oppressive as regards a child, an invalid or an old man or somebody
inexperienced in the ways of this world may turn out not to be oppressive when
one finds that the accused person is of a tough character and an experienced
man of the world.

57 In other words, a statement would not be extracted by oppression unless the
accused was in such a state that his will was ‘sapped’ and he could not resist
making a statement which he would otherwise not have made: PP v Tan Boon Tat
[1990] 1 SLR(R) 287.

70 At the end of the second ancillary hearing, I was not convinced by Omar’s
claim that his tiredness was to such an extent that his giving of the
Cautioned Statement was involuntary.

71 Omar’s claim was not borne out on the evidence. Based on the passage from
Chai Chien Wei Kelvin at [57] cited above, the threshold for a finding of
oppression is a relatively high one. However, this does not shift the burden
of proof which is always on the Prosecution to satisfy the court beyond a
reasonable doubt that Omar gave his Cautioned Statement voluntarily without
inducement, threat or promise. For oppression to be shown, it requires that
the accused “was in such a state that his will was ‘sapped’”. This was by no
means the case here. Omar himself admitted that he was not involved in any
investigation-related activities between 2.32am and 4.25am, as well as between
5am and 7.30am. During these times, he had been sitting down on a chair in the
CNB office, waiting for the investigation to proceed. 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

NEs, 14 October 2020, p 58, lines 12–16; p 59, lines 22–28.

This was supported by the evidence of SSgt Adli and the entries in the station
diary. 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

Exhibit P105.1; NEs, 14 October 2020, p 32, line 28 to p 33, line 13; p 33,
lines 25–27.

I also accepted SSgt Adli’s testimony that Omar would probably have been given
breakfast during this time. 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

NEs, 14 October 2020, p 34, lines 1–8.

Omar did not complain that he was not given food and drink. Although Omar was
handcuffed and may have experienced some discomfort, 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

NEs, 14 October 2020, p 58, lines 17–19; p 59, line 29 to p 60, line 4.

this was insufficient in itself to justify a finding of oppression. Taking all
these circumstances in their totality, I do not find that they could have
caused Omar to be in such a state that his will was “sapped” and he could not
resist giving the Cautioned Statement.

72 This finding regarding Omar’s state of mind at the time he gave his
Cautioned Statement is supported by the evidence of SSgt Adli, Dr Varma and IO
Shamaani, who each testified that when they met Omar at various times on 12
July 2018, he appeared fine. In relation to Dr Varma and IO Shamaani in
particular, both of them agreed that Omar was responsive, cognisant of his
surroundings and fit to give a statement. In this regard, I did not place
significant weight on the fact that Dr Varma’s medical examination was
primarily a physical examination and did not pertain specifically to Omar’s
mental state. As Dr Varma explained, he assessed Omar’s mental state using
“surrogates for examining the mental capacity as well as the mental state of
the patient”, specifically, Omar’s alertness, cooperation, whether Omar was
agitated or resisted physical examination, and whether Omar was verbally
aggressive towards the doctor or the police officers. 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

NEs, 14 October 2020, p 23, lines 13–25.

Furthermore, although IO Shamaani and Dr Varma acknowledged that Omar may have
been tired or anxious, 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

NEs, 14 October 2020, p 21, lines 12–13; p 37, line 8.

this was again insufficient to amount to oppression per se. The evidence did
not show that Omar’s feelings of tiredness and/or anxiety were to such an
extent that his will was “sapped” and he could not resist giving the Cautioned
Statement.

73 Furthermore, I also considered that this allegation of being tired was
raised at an extremely belated stage of the proceedings. As with Omar’s
allegation regarding the Threat and its effect on the Cautioned Statement,
this claim of being tired was only raised by Omar during his cross-examination
by the Prosecution in the main trial. 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

NEs, 14 October 2020, p 56, lines 9–13.

He did not raise it in any of his statements or mention it to Dr Varma during
both medical examinations. 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

NEs, 14 October 2020, p 61, line 1 to p 62, line 19.

Neither did he mention this in his CFD, or even in his examination-in-chief at
the main trial. He only brought up this claim when confronted in cross-
examination with the inculpatory admission contained in his Cautioned
Statement. He was trying to wriggle out of that tight situation and was unable
to explain his admission in the Cautioned Statement, so he suddenly sprang a
surprise and alleged that the Cautioned Statement had been involuntarily
given. This suggested that his claim of being tired was simply not true and an
afterthought.

(3) Conclusion on the second ancillary hearing

74 For the above reasons, I found that the Prosecution had proven beyond a
reasonable doubt that the Cautioned Statement had been given by Omar
voluntarily, without inducement, threat or promise. I had already rejected
Omar’s evidence regarding the Threat in the first ancillary hearing, and I
similarly rejected his evidence regarding the extent of his tiredness and its
effect on the voluntariness of his Cautioned Statement. None of these
allegations were borne out by the evidence, and were raised at an extremely
late stage of the proceedings. In my view, all of these allegations were
fabricated and untrue. Accordingly, I continued to allow the Cautioned
Statement to be admitted as evidence.

My decision

The applicable law and presumptions

75 I shall deal now with Omar’s charge of importation of cannabis. The
elements of a charge under s 7 of the MDA for importation into Singapore of a
controlled drug are as follows (see the Court of Appeal’s decision in Adili
Chibuike Ejike v Public Prosecutor [2019] 2 SLR 254 (“Adili”) at [27]; Beh
Chew Boo v Public Prosecutor [2020] 2 SLR 1375 (“Beh Chew Boo”) at [54]): 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

PCS, at para 7.

(a) the accused person was in possession of the drugs;

(b) the accused person had knowledge of the nature of the drugs; and

(c) the drugs were intentionally brought into Singapore without prior
authorisation.

76 The first element of possession requires both physical possession of the
drugs and knowledge of the existence of the thing in question that turns out
to be a drug. 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

PCS, at para 7.

However, it is not necessary to show that the accused knew that the thing was
in fact a controlled drug in order to establish the first element of
possession (see Adili at [31]).

77 Sections 18(1)(a) and 18(2) of the MDA set out two presumptions which are
applicable in this case:

18.–(1) Any person who is proved to have had in his possession or custody or
under his control –

(a) anything containing a controlled drug;

…

shall, until the contrary is proved, be presumed to have had that drug in his
possession.

(2) Any person who is proved or presumed to have had a controlled drug in his
possession shall, until the contrary is proved, be presumed to have known the
nature of that drug.

78 Here, the Bundles were found in Omar’s Bag which he had placed in the boot
of the Car together with the many grocery bags. Furthermore, as shall be
explained at [121] below, it is clear from Omar’s First Oral Statement to Cpl
Loo that he knew of the presence of the three Bundles in the Bag. Therefore,
the Bundles were in his possession or custody or under his control within the
meaning of s 18(1)(a). Since Omar is presumed under s 18(1)(a) to have been in
possession of the Bundles, the presumption under s 18(2) also applies. Hence,
the presumptions in both ss 18(1)(a) and 18(2) of the MDA apply.

79 It should be noted that the Prosecution is not contending that Omar was
wilfully blind to the presence of the Bundles. Thus, the presumption in s
18(1) is applicable (see Adili at [71]). Similarly, there is no suggestion
that Omar was wilfully blind to the nature of the Bundles. 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

Prosecution’s Reply Submissions (“PRS”), at paras 4–6.

Therefore, s 18(2) is also applicable (see Gobi a/l Avedian v Public
Prosecutor [2020] SGCA 102 at [56]). Omar may rebut these presumptions by
showing that he did not actually know that the Bundles were in his possession
and that he did not actually know the nature of the Bundles.

80 Having set out the applicable law and presumptions, I turn now to the facts
of the case proper. In my analysis, I shall first deal with the preliminary
issue of whether the Second Oral Statement had been given by Omar. Following
that, I shall consider the other evidence in this case to determine whether
the elements of the importation charge against Omar have been established by
the Prosecution beyond a reasonable doubt.

Whether the Second Oral Statement had been given

81 The preliminary issue is whether Omar had given the Second Oral Statement.
According to Sgt Faliq, the relevant events took place as follows: 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

AB 112; NEs, 6 October 2020, p 75, line 28 to p 76, line 7.

Thereafter, I questioned Omar, who was seated at the front passenger seat with
the Car windows wound down, in Malay about the contents of the Bundles. Omar
replied in English that the Bundles were ‘herbs’. I questioned him again in
Malay about the contents of the Bundles and asked him to be honest. Omar
replied in Malay that it was ‘barang itu’, which I understood to mean ‘that
thing’ in English. I asked him in Malay what ‘thing’ he was referring to. He
replied in English that it was cannabis. Acting under my direction, Omar then
alighted from the Car. Thereafter, with the assistance of Sergeant Muhammad
Ridhuan Bin Abdol Mutalib, I placed Omar under arrest.

Sgt Faliq explained that the reason why he arrested Omar was because he
“suspected [Omar] of narcotics”, given Omar’s statement to him. 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

NEs, 6 October 2020, p 77, lines 5–15.

Sgt Faliq emphasised that Omar had used the specific English word “cannabis”.
155

##### Foot Note 155

×

NEs, 6 October 2020, p 91, lines 28–31.

Sgt Faliq also stated that he did not threaten to slap Omar. 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

NEs, 6 October 2020, p 94, lines 13–16, 25–27.

82 In contrast, Omar testified that when Sgt Faliq asked him what was in the
rear of the Car, he replied that he did not know. Sgt Faliq then instructed
him and Yacob to step out of the Car, and handcuffed Omar and Yacob. After
that, Sgt Faliq brought Omar and Yacob to the rear of the Car and showed Omar
the Bundles. Sgt Faliq raised his hand towards Omar and told Omar, “If you
don’t admit that this item belong[s] to you, I will slap you.” 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

NEs, 7 October 2020, p 89, lines 8–26.

Omar maintained that throughout this time, he did not admit that he knew the
Bundles were cannabis, nor did he use the specific word “cannabis”. 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

NEs, 7 October 2020, p 89, lines 16–20.

83 Having considered the evidence, I accept Sgt Faliq’s testimony and find
that the Second Oral Statement had in fact been given by Omar. First, Sgt
Faliq’s evidence was supported by the evidence of those nearby, specifically,
Sgt Ridhuan and Yacob. It was not disputed that Sgt Ridhuan was present at all
material times, including when Sgt Faliq was placing Omar under arrest. 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

NEs, 7 October 2020, p 89, lines 14–15; p 90, lines 11–15; AB 112, 114.

Sgt Ridhuan confirmed that while Sgt Faliq and Omar were at the rear of the
Car, Sgt Faliq did not raise his hand and threaten to slap Omar. 160

##### Foot Note 160

×

NEs, 7 October 2020, p 80, lines 17–20; PCS, at para 13(d).

As I noted above at [42], I found Sgt Ridhuan to be an honest and credible
witness. Furthermore, Sgt Ridhuan explained that he had assisted in arresting
Omar as Sgt Faliq had told him that Omar had pleaded guilty to a drug-related
offence. 161

##### Foot Note 161

×

NEs, 7 October 2020, p 73, line 4 to p 74, line 2.

This corroborates Sgt Faliq’s account that Omar had admitted to him that the
Bundles were cannabis. 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

PCS, at para 13(c).

84 Sgt Faliq’s testimony is also supported by Yacob’s statement which was
recorded by IO Shamaani at 6.04pm on 12 July 2018. 163

##### Foot Note 163

×

PCS, at para 13(d).

According to Omar, Yacob had been standing beside Sgt Ridhuan, near the petrol
tank on the right side of the Car. 164

##### Foot Note 164

×

NEs, 7 October 2020, p 90, line 23 to p 91, line 5.

However, there was no mention in Yacob’s statement to the CNB that Yacob had
seen Sgt Faliq raise his hand against Omar. Yacob confirmed that the statement
had been given by him voluntarily, and that the contents of the statement were
true and accurate to his knowledge. 165

##### Foot Note 165

×

NEs, 14 October 2020, p 99, lines 24–28.

When asked about Omar’s claim that Sgt Faliq had raised his hand and
threatened to slap Omar, Yacob’s evidence was as follows: 166

##### Foot Note 166

×

NEs, 14 October 2020, p 106, lines 2–16.

Q: Okay. Mr Yacob, if this did happen –

Court: What did happen?

Q: – law enforcement officer raising [his] hand against Mr Omar, looking like
he was going to slap Mr Omar, and you saw it, you would have raised this in
your statement.

A: Of course.

Q: And you agree you did not raise it in the statement anywhere here?

A: Because I didn’t see it.

…

Q: And if you did hear this officer threatening to slap Mr Omar, you would
have mentioned it in the statement.

A: Yes, for sure.

It bears noting that Yacob’s statement was recorded the very same evening that
Omar and Yacob were arrested. The events surrounding their arrest should have
been fresh in Yacob’s mind at the time. It also bears emphasis that Yacob is
Omar’s father – if he had seen Sgt Faliq threaten to slap Omar, there would
have been no reason at all for him to conceal this. Therefore, the fact that
Yacob did not mention Sgt Faliq raising his hand against Omar or otherwise
threatening to slap Omar suggests that such a threat did not take place.

85 Secondly, Sgt Faliq’s account of the relevant events is also supported by
IO Shamaani’s testimony. As I explained at [45] above, IO Shamaani had viewed
the CCTV footage of the events that occurred from the time of Omar’s arrest.
She did not see anything remarkable, nor did Omar make any allegation
regarding Sgt Faliq or the Second Oral Statement. Therefore, she did not
retrieve the CCTV footage at the relevant time. IO Shamaani’s testimony
clearly refutes Omar’s testimony in court that Sgt Faliq’s threat to slap him
would have been captured on the CCTV footage. 167

##### Foot Note 167

×

NEs, 8 October 2020, p 30, lines 14–15; 13 October 2020, p 14, lines 14–17.

86 Thirdly, not only was Sgt Faliq’s account corroborated by Sgt Ridhuan,
Yacob and IO Shamaani, Sgt Faliq also could not have known that the Bundles
contained cannabis unless Omar told him so. 168

##### Foot Note 168

×

PCS, at para 13(b).

At the time Sgt Faliq spoke to Omar, neither Sgt Faliq nor Cpl Loo had
ascertained the exact nature of the Bundles. Cpl Loo only told Sgt Faliq that
he suspected the Bundles to contain narcotics; he did not specify that the
Bundles were cannabis. 169

##### Foot Note 169

×

NEs, 6 October 2020, p 89, line 28 to p 90, line 10; p 99, lines 4–15.

In fact, Cpl Loo himself could not have known that the Bundles contained
cannabis. Prior to the Second Oral Statement, only Cpl Loo had spoken to Omar
during the recording of the First Oral Statement. In the First Oral Statement,
Omar merely described the Bundles as “plants for herbs” and “medicine”. Cpl
Loo did not inquire further into the contents of the Bundles. 170

##### Foot Note 170

×

AB 108–109; NEs, 6 October 2020, p 55, line 26 to p 56, line 12.

Moreover, although Sgt Faliq suspected that the Bundles contained narcotics,
171

##### Foot Note 171

×

NEs, 6 October 2020, p 77, lines 5–15.

he could not have been sure of their exact nature as they were wrapped in
several layers of plastic cling film, aluminium foil and newspaper at the
time. 172

##### Foot Note 172

×

NEs, 6 October 2020, p 74, line 14 to p 75, line 27.

As with Sgt Zuhaidi and SSgt Chong, while Sgt Faliq might have guessed that
the Bundles were cannabis and fabricated the Second Oral Statement, as alleged
by Omar, this was highly unlikely. Sgt Faliq was an ICA officer and he handed
over the matter to the CNB after Sgt Zuhaidi and SSgt Chong arrived at the
scene. 173

##### Foot Note 173

×

AB 112–113; NEs, 6 October 2020, p 77, lines 25–29.

There was no reason why he would fabricate his evidence regarding the Second
Oral Statement. Therefore, the only plausible explanation for Sgt Faliq
knowing that the Bundles were cannabis was that Omar had told him so, as per
the Second Oral Statement.

87 In contrast, Omar’s case relied solely on his own testimony. He did not
adduce any other evidence to support his contention that Sgt Faliq had
threatened to slap him, and that he had not made the Second Oral Statement.
However, I did not find Omar a particularly credible witness. This was
especially given my rejection of Omar’s allegations that Sgt Zuhaidi threw a
pen at him and issued the Threat to him (see [53] above). Here, he was making
a similar allegation that Sgt Faliq had threatened to slap him if he did not
admit that the Bundles belonged to him. Given his willingness to lie freely in
court regarding the events surrounding the Third Oral Statement, the
Contemporaneous Statement and the Cautioned Statement, it was evident that he
had similarly lied when it came to the Second Oral Statement to avoid its
incriminating effect. Furthermore, this allegation regarding Sgt Faliq
surfaced only in Omar’s testimony in court. 174

##### Foot Note 174

×

NEs, 13 October 2020, p 16, line 30 to p 17, line 3.

As with the Third Oral Statement, the Contemporaneous Statement and the
Cautioned Statement, Omar had multiple opportunities to raise the alleged
threat made by Sgt Faliq. However, he did not do so. This suggests that such
an allegation was fabricated and merely an afterthought. Hence, his testimony
has to be treated with extreme caution. Given that he could not produce any
other evidence supporting his case, I am not inclined to accept his testimony
at face value, especially when weighed against the other evidence adduced by
the Prosecution.

88 Therefore, I find that Omar had made the Second Oral Statement to Sgt
Faliq, and that Sgt Faliq did not at any point in time threaten to slap Omar
if he did not admit that the Bundles belonged to him.

The messages on the Phones

89 I shall turn now to the other evidence before the court. In support of its
case, the Prosecution relies on certain messages exchanged between Omar and
Jay between 10 July 2018 and 11 July 2018. The messages were recovered from
the Phones, which Omar admits belonged to him and were used exclusively by
him. 175

##### Foot Note 175

×

SOAF, at para 9.

The messages are as follows: 176

##### Foot Note 176

×

Exhibit P98T.1, at pp 1–2; Exhibit P99T.

Date/Time| From| To| Message (translated)  
---|---|---|---  
10 July 2018 9.18pm| Jay| Omar| Peace be upon you..Babe tomorrow still
coming..if ente(?) entering JB ana(?) want to standby ente(?) thing ..i want
to co[n]firm with ana(?) friend.  
10 July 20189.21pm| Omar| Jay| Greetings, happening babe.Want to order 3We
meet at Wadi Hana mosque after Isha Shukran(?) babe  
10 July 20189.21pm| Jay| Omar| Alright babe  
11 July 20186.10pm| Jay| Omar| Peace be upon you.. babe the thing is available
with ana(?)..later you already enter JB, sms ana(?)  
11 July 20186.27pm| Omar| Jay| Ana(?) just enter babe…now on the way to Wadi
Hana mosque… ana(?) dinsana(?) until night.  
11 July 20186.28pm| Jay| Omar| Ok babe..later when ana(?) has arrived there,
ana(?) cal  
11 July 20188.41pm| Jay| Omar| Babe ana(?) has arrived in front of the
mosque..where to meet..once ente(?) is ok, cal ana(?)  
11 July 20189.04pm| Omar| Jay| A moment babe. Ana(?) go and take the car from
upstairs for a while.  
11 July 20189.04pm| Jay| Omar| Ok babe..ana(?) is at the road side below the
bridge.  
11 July 20189.04pm| Jay| Omar| Babe..ana(?) is at the road side, below the
bridge..a bit to the front of the mosque.  
  
90 Omar explained in his Fifth Long Statement that “ana” is an Arabic term
referring to “me”. 177

##### Foot Note 177

×

AB 197.

This was confirmed by Mr Mohammad Faiz bin Mohammad Isa (“Mr Faiz”), the CNB
translator who translated the messages. 178

##### Foot Note 178

×

NEs, 9 October 2020, p 22, lines 28–30.

Mr Faiz explained that the translations of the messages referring to “thing”
were derived from the Malay word “barang”. Although the literal meaning of
“barang” is “thing”, it is often used by those involved in illegal drug
activities as a slang to refer to “drugs”. This generic term is often used in
order to conceal the true nature of the transaction. 179

##### Foot Note 179

×

NEs, 9 October 2020, p 24, lines 15–32; PCS, at para 36(b).

This was similarly observed by the Court of Appeal in Beh Chew Boo at [59], as
follows: 180

##### Foot Note 180

×

PCS, at para 37.

… [I]f the transaction involves doing something that is illegal, the messages
are likely to be coded or would use jargon the meaning of which only the
persons involved could understand. The MDA cases before the courts contained
ample instances where drugs are referred to in messages or conversations
simply as ‘things’ or ‘barang’ in the Malay language.

91 Mr Faiz also testified in court regarding the following terms which he had
not translated from the messages in his report:

(a) In relation to the word “dinsana”, this was likely a typographical error.
Omar could have meant to type “disana”, which means “will be there”. 181

##### Foot Note 181

×

NEs, 9 October 2020, p 23, lines 13–25.

(b) The word “shukran” could be an Arabic term for “thank you”. 182

##### Foot Note 182

×

NEs, 9 October 2020, p 23, lines 26–28.

(c) The word “ente” could be an Arabic term for “you”. 183

##### Foot Note 183

×

NEs, 9 October 2020, p 23, lines 29–32.

92 The Prosecution submits that based on the above, the messages show that
Omar had ordered the three Bundles from Jay on 10 July 2018. 184

##### Foot Note 184

×

PCS, at para 36.

Furthermore, Omar and Jay had arranged to meet at the Mosque on 11 July 2018,
which they did. These suggest that Omar knew the nature of the Bundles and
intentionally brought them into Singapore.

93 This deeply incriminating evidence is denied by Omar. The existence of
these phone messages cannot be disputed. Read in their totality, they destroy
Omar’s entire defence to smithereens, specifically, Omar’s claims regarding
Din and Latif whom he alleged had placed the Bundles in his Bag despite his
refusal to bring them into Singapore. Thus, Omar had to convincingly explain
the phone messages. He said that Jay was his Malaysian supplier for textiles
and cloths. Jay was also his distant relative, whom he had been introduced to
by his cousin, Isa bin Paiman (“Isa”). 185

##### Foot Note 185

×

NEs, 9 October 2020, p 83, lines 10–19; 13 October 2020, p 2, line 28 to p 3,
line 6.

In his Fifth Long Statement, when IO Shamaani confronted Omar with the phone
messages, he explained that he had arranged to meet Jay outside the Mosque to
look at sarong designs. In this context, the message “Want to order 3”
referred to Omar wanting to order three sarong designs. When Omar and Jay met
on 11 July 2018, Omar did not buy anything as he did not like any of the
designs. 186

##### Foot Note 186

×

AB 197.

In his testimony in court, Omar had another explanation regarding these phone
messages. He claimed that “3” referred to three kodi, a unit of measurement
for cloth – one kodi refers to 20 pieces of cloth. I shall deal with these
critical discrepancies in his explanation below.

94 Having considered the evidence and the parties’ submissions, I find that
the messages exchanged between Omar and Jay pertained to the order and
collection of drugs by Omar from Jay, specifically, the three Bundles. Two
aspects of the messages are particularly revealing. First, Omar sent Jay a
message that he “[w]ant[ed] to order 3” and Jay replied that “the thing is
available”. It is clear from these messages that Omar had ordered three
Bundles from Jay, and that they had arranged to meet in person for Omar to
collect the said Bundles from Jay. Secondly, the use of the word “barang” – a
commonly-used slang to refer to drugs – suggests that the conversation was one
pertaining to drugs, which Jay and Omar wished to conceal by the use of the
word “barang”. 187

##### Foot Note 187

×

PCS, at para 36(b).

Finally, the specific reference to “3” corresponds with the number of Bundles
that were recovered from the Bag. 188

##### Foot Note 188

×

PCS, at para 36(a).

Taken together, therefore, the messages show that Omar had pre-ordered the
Bundles from Jay on 10 July 2018 for collection on 11 July 2018. The
implication of this is that Omar knew the nature of the Bundles, since he had
been the one to order them.

95 In this regard, I do not believe Omar’s explanation that Jay was his
textile supplier and that the messages pertained to an order for sarongs or
kodi. Furthermore, Omar’s account regarding Jay was contradictory and raised
in circumstances suggesting that it was another fabrication and an
afterthought. I shall address each of these reasons in turn.

Omar’s explanation regarding Jay rests solely on his own testimony

96 First, Omar’s explanation about Jay rests entirely on his own testimony.
Omar claimed that Jay is his distant relative. However, Yacob testified he did
not know anything about Jay although he said that Isa is his wife’s nephew
staying in Johor Bahru. 189

##### Foot Note 189

×

NEs, 14 October 2020, p 93, lines 7–18, p 108, lines 8–12; PCS, at para 39(b).

Thus, Yacob did not support Omar’s claim that Jay is a distant relative.

97 Furthermore, Omar was not able to provide any evidence to prove that he had
ever bought textiles from Jay. 190

##### Foot Note 190

×

NEs, 9 October 2020, p 94, lines 8–10.

His explanation for this was that he wanted to avoid paying tax – if he had
receipts of his purchases of textiles from Jay, and such receipts were
discovered by the authorities, he would have to pay tax. 191

##### Foot Note 191

×

NEs, 14 October 2020, p 87, lines 6–12.

This explanation is highly unsatisfactory. Receipts are not the only
documentary evidence available to show that Omar had past transactions with
Jay. If there were prior textile-related transactions between Omar and Jay,
why did the phone messages not have a single iota of evidence to suggest this?
Instead the phone messages contained only messages ostensibly relating to
illegal drug transactions.

98 If the story about Jay’s phone messages and his textile business with Omar
was indeed true, this would have been crucial to Omar’s innocence. Why then
did Omar not call Jay to the stand to testify in support of his case? At the
time of the investigations, Omar also failed to provide any information to the
CNB to assist them in finding Jay. 192

##### Foot Note 192

×

NEs, 9 October 2020, p 86, lines 3–17.

This was although, according to Omar, Jay was his distant relative and could
be found. In fact, Omar claimed in his testimony in court that although he did
not know Jay’s address, he knew how to get to Jay’s house. 193

##### Foot Note 193

×

NEs, 13 October 2020, p 4, line 29 to p 5, line 9.

If that was truly the case, one would expect Omar to have been much more
forthcoming with this information, as it could potentially exonerate him.
However, Omar claimed that since he was in remand, he was unable to secure Jay
as his witness. But he could have sought Yacob’s assistance or provided
information to the CNB to enable them to locate Jay. However, this was not the
case here. Yacob did not even know Jay, a purported distant relative.
Therefore, Omar’s story about Jay and the textile business on 11 July 2018
seriously lacks credibility.

99 In this regard, Omar’s counsel submitted that the Prosecution’s
interpretation of the messages (see [92] above) should not be adopted as the
Prosecution did not call Jay to testify and confirm the said interpretation.
194

##### Foot Note 194

×

DCS, at para 7.

However, I do not find that this is fatal to the Prosecution’s case. The
interpretation contended by the Prosecution is supported by the contents of
the messages themselves, as well as the fact that Omar knew the nature of the
Bundles before they were opened (as I shall elaborate below). Furthermore, I
observe that although the Prosecution did not call Jay to testify as a witness
at the trial, it was not for lack of trying. As I shall elaborate at [108]
below, the Prosecution attempted several times to locate Jay, but to no avail.
In this regard, the Court of Appeal’s observations in Beh Chew Boo at [72] are
apposite – the Prosecution does not have a “duty to locate and to call
witnesses to rebut wild or unsubstantiated allegations”.

Omar’s explanation regarding Jay was not borne out by the evidence

100 Secondly, Omar’s explanation regarding Jay and the messages is not borne
out by the messages themselves. There is no mention in any of the messages
between Omar and Jay of “sarong”, fabric, or cloth, or any textile-related
terms for that matter. 195

##### Foot Note 195

×

NEs, 9 October 2020, p 98, lines 20–22.

Instead, as I have observed above, the messages refer cryptically to “barang”.

101 Omar’s explanation for this is that there was no need to mention cloth or
sarong as Jay was his supplier for textiles and had been selling him textiles
for a while. As such, Jay would “know [his] usual order” and “barang” was
simply “a general word referring to the cloth or textile that [Jay was]
selling”. 196

##### Foot Note 196

×

NEs, 9 October 2020, p 99, lines 6–10.

I do not find this explanation persuasive.

102 In this regard, it is pertinent to note another incident on 6 July 2018
when Omar and one “Wardah” arranged to go to Johor Bahru to buy cloth. In this
instance, it is particularly telling that in the text messages exchanged
between Omar and Wardah, they discussed going to Johor Bahru to buy cloth and
Omar specifically used the word “kain”, meaning “cloth”. 197

##### Foot Note 197

×

Exhibit P98T.2; NEs, 9 October 2020, p 96, lines 2–6.

This is in stark contrast to the use of “barang” by Jay and Omar. There was no
reason why Omar and Jay would use the general word “barang” in their messages
when they could simply have referred to “kain” or “sarong”. 198

##### Foot Note 198

×

PCS, at para 39(e).

103 Furthermore, Omar’s evidence is that he did not have any specific sarong
design or fabric in mind when he met Jay on 11 July 2018. He only wanted to
browse through the designs that Jay had available. When shown the designs by
Jay, he did not like any of them and hence, he did not buy anything. That was
the reason why, when he was arrested on 12 July 2018, he did not have any
sarongs in his possession. 199

##### Foot Note 199

×

NEs, 9 October 2020, p 97, line 16 to p 98, line 1.

However, this is at odds with Omar’s own evidence that based on his message
“Want to order 3”, he had ordered some items from Jay on 10 July 2018. 200

##### Foot Note 200

×

NEs, 9 October 2020, p 98, lines 8–14; PCS, at para 39(d).

Similarly, he stated in his Fifth Long Statement that this message “was [him]
ordering the designs from Jay”. 201

##### Foot Note 201

×

AB 197.

This plainly contradicts his evidence that he only wanted to browse through
Jay’s sarong designs and did not buy any sarongs in the end. Instead, the fact
that no sarongs were found in his possession undermines his claim that the
items he had ordered from Jay were sarongs. The logical conclusion, therefore,
is that the items he had ordered from Jay were the Bundles that were recovered
from the Bag.

Inconsistencies in Omar’s evidence and his failure to mention Jay

104 Thirdly, there were significant inconsistencies and contradictions in
Omar’s evidence, which made me doubt even further the truth of his testimony.
In particular, Omar in his Fifth Long Statement explained that “Want to order
3” referred to him wanting to order three sarong designs. 202

##### Foot Note 202

×

AB 197.

However, in his testimony in court, he claimed that the reference to the
number “3” meant three “kodi”. According to Omar, kodi is a unit of
measurement – one kodi refers to 20 pieces of cloth, so three kodi refers to
60 pieces of cloth. 203

##### Foot Note 203

×

NEs, 9 October 2020, p 99, line 30 to p 100, line 11.

These two explanations directly contradict each other. 204

##### Foot Note 204

×

PCS, at para 39(a).

When asked about this contradiction, Omar’s explanation was gibberish,
illogical and incomprehensible: 205

##### Foot Note 205

×

NEs, 9 October 2020, p 102, lines 3–12; PCS, at para 39(b).

… [A]t that point of time [during the recording of the Fifth Long Statement],
I was thinking to myself when I answered the IO, ‘I don’t think that I need to
give the answer in detail, Sir, because that information wouldn’t be useful to
the IO’; that was my thinking then. Because the IO wanted to know about the
drugs rather than my own business, so what does my business got to do with the
drugs? So I do not have to elaborate on what is this ‘3’ about, Sir. And the
IO didn’t ask me this question in details, Your Honour. As such, I answered it
in such a manner, Sir. Brief answer, Sir.

105 In my view, this explanation is not at all credible. At the time, Omar
would have known that he was facing a capital charge for importation of
cannabis into Singapore. This was an extremely serious charge with grave
consequences upon conviction. He must have known that the questions posed to
him by IO Shamaani were part of investigations pertaining to his charge. In
such circumstances, it is hard to believe that Omar would treat IO Shamaani’s
questions so lightly. Furthermore, Omar’s explanation that he was being brief
is in itself illogical. The inconsistency between Omar’s Fifth Long Statement
and his testimony in court is not simply that the Fifth Long Statement was a
brief version of his testimony in court. To the contrary, they are two
completely distinct accounts of what the number “3” referred to. On one hand,
Omar’s Fifth Long Statement states that “3” referred to three sarong designs.
On the other hand, Omar’s testimony in court was that “3” referred to three
kodi, or 60 pieces of cloth. These two accounts are factually inconsistent and
are not reconcilable on the basis that the former is a brief version of the
latter.

106 Additionally, I find it significant that Omar’s explanation regarding Jay
was not brought up until the messages from his Phones were shown to him by IO
Shamaani during the recording of the Fifth Long Statement on 3 May 2019,
approximately ten months after his arrest. 206

##### Foot Note 206

×

NEs, 9 October 2020, p 97, lines 13–18; PCS, at para 39(c).

This was despite the fact that in his First Long Statement, he had narrated in
significant detail the events of 11 July 2018. He explained that he went to do
some shopping, went to the Mosque, collected a chair from Bandar Bahru Uda,
went back to the Mosque, and then went to the Restaurant. 207

##### Foot Note 207

×

AB 171–172.

However, there was no mention of Jay. Omar’s claim that he had met Jay to
peruse sarong designs is conspicuously missing from the account of his
whereabouts set out in his First Long Statement. This suggests that Omar was
trying to hide the truth about Jay with whom he had arranged to collect the
Bundles on 11 July 2018. When he was confronted with the text messages about
Jay during the recording of the Fifth Long Statement and in his cross-
examination in court, he tried desperately to suppress and mask the truth.
This gave rise to irreconcilable contradictions and discrepancies which
resulted in his story becoming unbelievable.

107 I also find it extremely strange that when setting out the details of his
whereabouts on 11 July 2018 in his CFD and even in his examination-in-chief,
Omar made no mention of Jay. Jay was only mentioned towards the end of Omar’s
examination-in-chief, when he was specifically asked about the messages found
on his Phones. 208

##### Foot Note 208

×

NEs, 9 October 2020, p 52, line 2; PCS, at para 39(c).

Furthermore, even at the trial, Omar produced new information regarding Jay,
specifically, that Jay was his distant relative and that Jay’s family name was
“Al Atas”. 209

##### Foot Note 209

×

NEs, 9 October 2020, p 83, lines 10–16.

This was despite the fact that in his Fifth Long Statement, Omar claimed not
to know Jay’s full name. 210

##### Foot Note 210

×

AB 197, at A1.

The haphazard manner in which Omar revealed all this information suggested
that they were not true. Rather, he fabricated his evidence regarding Jay in
an attempt to bolster his case. 211

##### Foot Note 211

×

PCS, at para 39(b).

108 Notwithstanding the late revelation of Jay’s details and the incredulous
accounts of Jay given by Omar, the Prosecution sought an adjournment of the
trial to try to trace Jay based on the evidence given by Omar regarding Jay in
court. This application was granted. When the trial resumed on 4 November
2020, the Prosecution’s witness, IO Zhong Kang Tai (“IO Zhong”), informed the
court that neither Jay nor Isa could be located. IO Zhong explained that in
January 2019, he had submitted Jay’s phone number to the Malaysian authorities
in order to establish the subscriber details for the phone number. However, as
of the date of the trial, the CNB had yet to receive any replies from the
Malaysian authorities. 212

##### Foot Note 212

×

NEs, 4 December 2020, p 6, lines 15–27.

Furthermore, in November 2020, he made two phone calls to Jay’s phone number.
The first phone call was not answered. The second phone call was answered by a
male recipient, who hung up the call immediately after IO Zhong asked him if
he was Jay. IO Zhong made two additional calls to Jay’s phone number in
December 2020. However, the calls were not answered. 213

##### Foot Note 213

×

NEs, 4 December 2020, p 6, line 30 to p 7, line 4; p 7, lines 21–23.

IO Zhong also explained that as the information provided by Omar regarding Jay
was too general, he was unable to proceed with any further investigations. For
these reasons, the CNB had been unable to establish Jay’s true identity. 214

##### Foot Note 214

×

NEs, 4 December 2020, p 9, lines 8–17.

109 This was similarly the case for Isa. IO Zhong explained that he had
retrieved a phone number connected to Isa from Yacob’s phone contact records.
Based on a subscriber screening of that phone number, it transpired that the
phone number belonged to one Sheikh Abdul Rahman (“Mr Sheikh”), Omar’s cousin.
Mr Sheikh denied being Isa, and informed IO Zhong that Isa was a distant
cousin whom he had not contacted for many years. Both Mr Sheikh’s father and
uncle also stated that they had not contacted Isa for many years. 215

##### Foot Note 215

×

NEs, 4 December 2020, p 9, line 21 to p 10, line 18; p 11, lines27–32.

For these reasons, the CNB had been unable to find out Isa’s identity and
current location. 216

##### Foot Note 216

×

NEs, 4 December 2020, p 12, lines 13–16.

Conclusion on the messages found on Omar’s Phones

110 For the above reasons, I completely reject Omar’s evidence that Jay was
his textile supplier and the messages recovered from his Phones pertained to
his discussion with Jay to purchase sarongs. Instead, I find that the messages
show that Omar ordered the three Bundles from Jay on 10 July 2018. Omar and
Jay then coordinated to meet on 11 July 2018 in order for Omar to collect the
Bundles, which he did. This means that Omar’s defence about Din and Latif
asking him to bring the Bundles to Singapore and his refusal of the same
because of the risk of getting caught cannot be believed.

Omar’s statements, CFD and testimony in court

111 I turn now to Omar’s statements, his CFD and his testimony in court.
Omar’s defence in court was that Din and Latif had planted the Bundles in his
Car while he was at the Restaurant. In support of his defence, Omar relied
heavily on some of his Long Statements and his testimony in court.

112 Omar gave shifting and varying accounts of what had happened on 11 July
2018 to suit his purposes. I shall briefly set out the gist of his statements,
CFD and testimony in court, as follows:

(a) In the First Oral Statement to Cpl Loo, Omar stated that the first of the
Bundles recovered from the Bag was “plants for herbs”. When asked how many
“plants for herbs” he had, Omar said that there were three. 217

##### Foot Note 217

×

AB 108–109.

(b) In the Second Oral Statement, Omar admitted to Sgt Faliq that the Bundles
were “cannabis”. 218

##### Foot Note 218

×

AB 112.

(c) In the Third Oral Statement, Omar admitted to Sgt Zuhaidi that the Bundles
belonged to him and contained “Marijuana”. He stated that he would receive
information on the location for delivery of the Bundles through a call. 219

##### Foot Note 219

×

AB 123.

(d) In the Contemporaneous Statement, Omar again admitted to Sgt Zuhaidi that
the Bundles were “Marijuana”. He stated that the Bundles did not belong to him
and he was merely delivering the drugs for $500 per bundle. He did not have
the location to which he was supposed to deliver the drugs, nor did he know
the person he was supposed to deliver the drugs to. Instead, he had been told
that someone would call him once he reached Singapore and he was waiting for
this person to call him. He explained that Din was the one who had loaded the
Bundles into the Car. He had shared a joint of “Marijuana” with Din at about
8pm on 11 July 2018, while he was in Johor Bahru. 220

##### Foot Note 220

×

Exhibit P61.

(e) In the Cautioned Statement, Omar stated that Din had asked him to “bring
over some ‘green’ to Singapore”. Din informed him that someone would call him
that night or the following morning to take the “green” and pass him cash,
specifically, $500 per bundle. Omar knew that “green” referred to “marijuana”.
Omar contemplated for 20 minutes, eventually deciding to accept Din’s request
as he was desperate for money. Furthermore, Din had been the one who packed
the Bundles inside the Bag. 221

##### Foot Note 221

×

AB 169.

(f) In the First Long Statement, Omar explained that after he and Yacob
arrived in Johor Bahru, they went shopping before going to the Mosque at about
7pm. After prayers, Yacob went to the madrasah while Omar drove the Car to
collect the chair, after which he drove back to the Mosque to continue his
prayers. At about 9pm, he left the Mosque to go to the Restaurant, where he
met Latif and Din. Omar, Latif and Din shared a tobacco made out of a leaf
while seated at the boot of the Car. Omar then left to go to the toilet, with
the Car not locked and the boot of the Car open. Before he left the
Restaurant, Din asked Omar for his number, which Omar gave to him. Omar then
drove to the Mosque to pick up Yacob, after which Yacob drove back to
Woodlands Checkpoint. 222

##### Foot Note 222

×

AB 171–172.

(g) In the Second Long Statement, Omar stated that it was only after seeing
the CNB officers process the Bundles that he realised that the Bundles were
cannabis. At the time of his arrest, he did not know that the Bundles
contained cannabis. 223

##### Foot Note 223

×

AB 174–175.

(h) In the Third Long Statement, Omar stated that the tobacco he shared with
Din and Latif could have contained some traces of cannabis. He only realised
this after finishing the stick of tobacco. He explained that Latif had asked
him to bring Din’s “contraband” into Singapore for $500. While Latif spoke to
Omar, Din loaded the three Bundles in the Bag. However, after 20 minutes, Omar
rejected Latif’s request, upon which Din took the Bundles out of the Bag. Omar
suggested that Din could have put the Bundles back into the Car when he went
to the toilet and left the Car unlocked. Omar alleged that he did not know the
Bundles contained cannabis. 224

##### Foot Note 224

×

AB 192–194.

(i) In the Fourth Long Statement, Omar stated that he could not recall if he
had locked the Car while he went to the toilet at the Restaurant. He explained
that he decided not to bring the Bundles into Singapore as he “did not want to
take the risk”. Omar also stated that he did “cupping”, a traditional Chinese
medicine treatment, before he went to wash the Car at the Restaurant. 225

##### Foot Note 225

×

AB 195–196.

(j) In the Fifth Long Statement, Omar stated that Jay was his Malaysian
supplier for textiles, whom he had met on 11 July 2018 outside the Mosque to
look at sarong designs. However, because he did not like any of the designs,
he did not buy anything from Jay that day. 226

##### Foot Note 226

×

AB 197.

(k) In the CFD, Omar stated that both Omar and Yacob went to the madrasah
after they both visited the Mosque for prayers. Omar then informed Yacob that
he wanted to go for a cupping massage. However, Omar did not go for the
cupping massage. Instead, he went to meet Latif and Din at a nearby café where
they ate and chatted near the Car. Din offered Omar a rolled cigarette, which
they smoked while seated at the rear of the Car. Din and Latif asked Omar to
bring some contraband into Singapore, but Omar declined. Omar then went to the
toilet while the boot of the Car was open. After returning from the washroom,
he left to pick up Yacob, after which Yacob drove the Car back to Singapore.
227

##### Foot Note 227

×

Exhibit P106.

(l) Omar’s testimony in court generally cohered with the account given in his
long statements as well as in his CFD, save for a few inconstancies which I
shall elaborate on below.

113 From the above, it is apparent that in Omar’s earlier statements (ie, the
First Oral Statement, the Second Oral Statement, the Third Oral Statement, the
Contemporaneous Statement and the Cautioned Statement, collectively, “the Non-
Long Statements”), he admitted to knowing that there were three Bundles and
that the Bundles contained cannabis. He further explained that he had agreed
with Din to bring the Bundles into Singapore for $500 per bundle. However, in
his long statements (“the Long Statements”), Omar changed his position,
claiming that he had rejected Latif’s request to bring the Bundles into
Singapore and that he did not know that the Bundles were cannabis until they
were processed by the CNB. He maintained this position in his CFD as well as
in his testimony in court. As such, while Omar’s earlier statements were
generally inculpatory, the subsequent Long Statements were exculpatory. The
crux of the issue, therefore, is the weight to be given to these different
parts of Omar’s statements.

114 Having considered the evidence and the parties’ submissions, I find that
Omar’s accounts in his Long Statements, CFD and testimony in court are not
reliable and should not be believed. This is for the following reasons.

Lack of explanation for discrepancies between statements

115 Omar was unable to provide a satisfactory explanation, besides his false
allegations about Sgt Zuhaidi’s Threat and his own lack of rest, for why he
made the admissions in the Non-Long Statements but later backtracked on them
in the Long Statements. The initial explanation that he gave in his Third Long
Statement was that he had made the admissions in the Contemporaneous Statement
and the Cautioned Statement because he was “feeling high”. 228

##### Foot Note 228

×

AB 193–194.

However, in his testimony in court, he disavowed this explanation, stating
that this was merely “the most reasonable excuse” he could think of. He
clarified that at the time he gave the Contemporaneous Statement, he felt
“semi high” but not to the extent that it affected his state of mind. 229

##### Foot Note 229

×

NEs, 8 October 2020, p 37, line 8 to p 38, line 12.

His alternative explanation was that he had been influenced by the Threat
and/or was tired during the recording of the Contemporaneous Statement and the
Cautioned Statement. On this basis, Omar’s counsel submits that the court
should give these statements little weight. 230

##### Foot Note 230

×

DCS, at paras 12 and 22.

As for the First, Second and Third Oral Statements, Omar’s case was that of a
bare denial. He denied that the Second Oral Statement and the Third Oral
Statement had taken place, 231

##### Foot Note 231

×

NEs, 7 October 2020, p 89, lines 16–20; p 91, lines 19–27.

and claimed that he could not recall telling Cpl Loo that there were three
Bundles. 232

##### Foot Note 232

×

NEs, 13 October 2020, p 10, lines 12–26.

116 I shall deal first with the Contemporaneous Statement and the Cautioned
Statement. After having fully considered the evidence presented at the two
ancillary hearings, I had already rejected Omar’s allegations regarding the
Threat and him being too tired to give his Cautioned Statement. 233

##### Foot Note 233

×

PRS, at para 7.

Therefore, there is no reason to give less weight to these statements. In
relation to the Contemporaneous Statement in particular, I also reject Omar’s
counsel’s submission that Sgt Zuhaidi’s “primary objective” in recording the
Contemporaneous Statement was “solely to ensure [Omar] admitted to the
knowledge of the [B]undles”. 234

##### Foot Note 234

×

DCS, at paras 13–19.

This is not at all apparent from the questions posed by Sgt Zuhaidi to Omar.
The questions posed were generally open-ended questions. Although the
questioning was brief, it is important to bear in mind that the
Contemporaneous Statement was recorded at a very early stage of the
investigations and Sgt Zuhaidi was not the investigating officer for the case.

117 Furthermore, although Omar claims that he referred to cannabis only as
“ganja” and did not know the term “marijuana” (used in the Contemporaneous
Statement), 235

##### Foot Note 235

×

NEs, 13 October 2020, p 21, lines 7–9; DCS, at paras 14–15, 21.

I do not believe his evidence in this regard. As I observed above, Sgt
Zuhaidi’s evidence that Omar had admitted the Bundles were “marijuana” was
corroborated by SSgt Chong, who recorded this in the station diary. 236

##### Foot Note 236

×

PRS, at para 11; PCS, at para 16.

Omar’s knowledge of the nature of the Bundles is also corroborated by his
Second Oral Statement made earlier to Sgt Faliq. 237

##### Foot Note 237

×

PRS, at para 9.

There was no reason for any of these officers to lie.

118 Turning now to the First, Second and Third Oral Statements, I have also
found that the Second and Third Oral Statements did in fact take place. In
relation to the First Oral Statement, there is no reason to doubt Cpl Loo’s
testimony, which is corroborated by Yacob’s statement to the CNB in which
Yacob confirmed that Omar told Cpl Loo that the Bundles were herbs. 238

##### Foot Note 238

×

NEs, 14 October 2020, p 104, lines 19–22; Exhibit P109, at para 6.

Hence, there is no plausible explanation for why Omar kept on changing his
position as regards the relevant events of 11 July 2018. Instead, Omar’s
numerous and shifting explanations highlighted that he was willing to
fabricate evidence to claim his innocence. This further undermines his
credibility and the veracity of his testimony in court.

119 The logical conclusion, therefore, is that Omar was not telling the truth
in his Long Statements. The First Long Statement was recorded on 17 July 2018,
five days after Omar’s arrest. It appears to me that by then, Omar likely
realised the inculpatory nature of his Non-Long Statements and sought to
exonerate himself, in an attempt to bolster his defence that he did not know
the nature of the Bundles and did not intentionally bring them into Singapore.

Lack of explanation for how he could have known the information given in the
Non-Long Statements

120 Furthermore, there was no explanation for how Omar could have given the
information that he did in the Non-Long Statements, unless he knew that the
Bundles were cannabis and had agreed to bring them into Singapore. I shall
give a few examples of such information.

121 In the First Oral Statement, Omar told Cpl Loo that there were three
Bundles in the Bag. This is corroborated by Yacob’s statement to the CNB,
where he stated that he heard Cpl Loo ask Omar how many boxes there were in
the Bag, to which Omar replied three. Yacob affirmed in court that this
statement was true. 239

##### Foot Note 239

×

Exhibit P109, at para 6; NEs, 14 October 2020, p 104, line 15 to p 105, line
3.

However, at this time, only one of the Bundles had been taken out of the Bag.
240

##### Foot Note 240

×

NEs, 6 October 2020, p 52, lines 2–6; PCS, at para 12.

Furthermore, the Bag is a haversack which opens by drawstring only from a
single opening at the top of the Bag. 241

##### Foot Note 241

×

Exhibits A1, P25.

As such, Omar could not have seen that there were two other Bundles inside the
Bag which were concealed by his clothes and personal belongings. 242

##### Foot Note 242

×

NEs, 6 October 2020, p 66, line 18 to p 67, line 21.

In these circumstances, if Omar had truly been unaware of the presence of the
Bundles in the Bag, he could not have known that the Bag contained two other
Bundles. The fact that he was able to inform Cpl Loo that there were three
Bundles suggests that he knew about the Bundles in the Bag.

122 Another example is Omar’s admission in the Second Oral Statement, the
Third Oral Statement and the Contemporaneous Statement that the Bundles were
cannabis or “marijuana”. Omar’s case is that he only realised the Bundles were
cannabis when the Bundles were processed by the CNB. 243

##### Foot Note 243

×

AB 174; NEs, 9 October 2020, p 48, lines 30–31.

However, at the time the Second Oral Statement, the Third Oral Statement and
the Contemporaneous Statement were given, the Bundles had not yet been opened.
On Omar’s own evidence, he had never seen cannabis in this form before. 244

##### Foot Note 244

×

AB 175.

If Omar’s Second Long Statement and testimony in court are to be believed, he
could not have known that the Bundles were cannabis, and there was no reason
why he would tell Sgt Faliq and Sgt Zuhaidi that the Bundles were cannabis.
Therefore, the fact that Omar made such admissions to Sgt Faliq and Sgt
Zuhaidi suggests that he knew even before the Bundles were opened that the
Bundles were cannabis. 245

##### Foot Note 245

×

PCS, at paras 13, 18, 19.

123 Therefore, there was information in the Non-Long Statements that Omar
could not have known unless he indeed knew the nature of the Bundles and had
agreed to bring them into Singapore. In contrast, his Long Statements do not
cohere with his ability to identify the number of Bundles and the nature of
the Bundles shortly after his arrest. Thus, I find that Omar’s Long Statements
are not credible and should not be believed.

The shifting nature of Omar’s case

124 Another reason which further undermines the credibility of Omar’s case as
set out in his Long Statements, CFD and testimony in court is the shifting
nature of his case. Omar gave many versions of the facts, which suggests that
he was not being truthful in his accounts. I give two examples of this.

125 First, there were several details regarding his whereabouts on 11 July
2018 that Omar vacillated on. In his First Long Statement where he first set
out his account of his whereabouts, Omar did not mention that he returned to
the madrasah after dropping Yacob off. 246

##### Foot Note 246

×

NEs, 9 October 2020, p 58, line 31 to p 59, line 30.

However, in his CFD and in his testimony in court, Omar claimed that he went
to the madrasah after night prayers that would have been performed at about
8.30pm. 247

##### Foot Note 247

×

NEs, 9 October 2020, p 39, lines 10–14; p 63, lines 1–3; Exhibit P106, at p 2,
para 2.4.

126 There were similar inconsistencies in relation to the simple issue of
whether Omar went for a cupping massage while in Johor Bahru. 248

##### Foot Note 248

×

PCS, at paras 46–48.

Omar did not mention going for a cupping massage until his Fourth Long
Statement. 249

##### Foot Note 249

×

NEs, 9 October 2020, p 61, line 6 to p 62, line 17.

In court, he maintained that he went for a cupping massage before meeting Din
and Latif. 250

##### Foot Note 250

×

NEs, 9 October 2020, p 62, lines 15–19.

However, in his CFD, Omar expressly stated the opposite, specifically, that he
“did not go for the cupping treatment but met his friends known as ‘Latif’ and
‘Din’ at a nearby café” [emphasis added]. 251

##### Foot Note 251

×

Exhibit P106, at p 2, para 2.5.

When confronted with the clear inconsistency, Omar insisted that the word
“not” was a typographical error and should not have been included in the
sentence. 252

##### Foot Note 252

×

NEs, 9 October 2020, p 63, line 14 to p 64, line 7.

However, it is clear from the phrasing of the sentence that the word “not” was
intended to be included in the sentence. In particular, the word “but” shows
that a contrast was intended between Omar not going for the cupping treatment
and Omar instead going to meet Latif and Din.

127 Similar vacillations arose when it came to the issue of whether Omar had
left the Car and the boot of the Car open while he went to the toilet at the
Restaurant. 253

##### Foot Note 253

×

PCS, at paras 52–53.

In his First Long Statement, Omar clearly stated that when he left the Car, it
was not locked and the boot of the Car was open. 254

##### Foot Note 254

×

AB 172.

Similarly in his Third Long Statement, he stated that Din could have put the
Bundles in his Bag when he “went to the toilet and the [C]ar was not locked”.
255

##### Foot Note 255

×

AB 194.

However, in his Fourth Long Statement, when asked why he would go to the
toilet without locking the Car despite knowing that Din and Latif wanted him
to import contraband into Singapore, his position shifted. He claimed that he
could not recall if he had locked the Car, although his usual practice was to
lock it. 256

##### Foot Note 256

×

AB 195.

In his CFD, his position shifted again, stating that when he went to the
toilet at the Restaurant, he had left the boot of the Car open. 257

##### Foot Note 257

×

Exhibit P106, at p 3, para 2.7.

His position shifted yet again in court, where he stated that he could not
remember whether he had left the boot of the Car open. 258

##### Foot Note 258

×

NEs, 9 October 2020, p 76, lines 3–5.

When asked about these numerous shifts in his evidence, Omar’s only
explanation was that he was not sure at any point in time and was only
guessing. 259

##### Foot Note 259

×

NEs, 9 October 2020, p 78, line 15 to p 79, line 3.

This is wholly unsatisfactory. These vacillations suggest that Omar was not
being truthful in his Long Statements, CFD and testimony in court. On a
separate note, I also observe that it would not have made sense for Omar to
lock the Car but leave the boot of the Car unlocked, especially if he did not
trust Din and Latif and had just been asked by them to bring contraband into
Singapore. 260

##### Foot Note 260

×

NEs, 9 October 2020, p 76, lines 10–19.

128 Secondly, Omar also vacillated in his explanation regarding the word
“green” in his Cautioned Statement. In the Cautioned Statement, Omar stated
that Din had asked him to “bring over some ‘green’ to Singapore”. Omar also
admitted that he knew that “green” was “marijuana”. 261

##### Foot Note 261

×

AB 169.

In his testimony in court, his initial explanation for this portion of his
Cautioned Statement was as follows: 262

##### Foot Note 262

×

NEs, 9 October 2020, p 51, lines 3–9.

… Your Honour, without me realising, maybe I have used the word ‘green’
because I have already – I already saw the packaging and the colour ‘green’
was on the packaging, Sir. … And maybe at that point of time because I
couldn’t think properly, I just blurt out the word ‘green’, Sir. …

129 Thus, his explanation was that he had inadvertently mentioned the word
“green” due to the colour of the “packaging” of the Bundles. This explanation
in itself is illogical and difficult to believe. The Bundles were wrapped in
aluminium foil, newspaper and cling wrap, none of which were green. 263

##### Foot Note 263

×

Exhibits P26–P34.

Moreover, four days later in the trial, Omar gave a different explanation for
his use of the word “green”. When asked again about the Cautioned Statement,
Omar stated that: 264

##### Foot Note 264

×

NEs, 14 October 2020, p 83, lines 18–22.

… And this cautioned statement was taken from me after I have seen the content
of the bundle, Sir. And the reason why I used the word ‘green’ in my cautioned
statement was because the content of the bundle was green.

130 This time, Omar’s explanation was that the word “green” was derived from
the colour of the contents of the Bundles. This was different from his
previous explanation that he had been influenced by the packaging of the
Bundles. This vacillation suggests that these explanations are not true.
Rather, Omar was fabricating them as and when it suited him. In any case, I am
also not convinced by this subsequent explanation. It is clear that the
contents of the Bundles are brown, not green. It is inexplicable that Omar
could have looked at the brown contents of the Bundles and thought to describe
them as “green”, which is coincidentally also the slang in drug circles used
to describe cannabis. In my view, Omar’s vacillating and confusing
explanations were simply futile attempts to distance himself from the
conclusion that he was familiar with drug terms such as “green”. 265

##### Foot Note 265

×

NEs, 14 October 2020, p 85, lines 9–11.

131 Therefore, the above vacillations (for which Omar had no satisfactory
explanation) illustrate the shifting nature of Omar’s case from the time he
gave his Long Statements to the time he gave his testimony in court at the
trial. These significantly undermine his credibility and the veracity of his
evidence, as far as his Long Statements, CFD and testimony in court are
concerned.

Omar’s failure to raise his defence early

132 Finally, I also consider it significant that Omar did not raise his
defence as set out in his Long Statements, CFD and testimony in court at an
earlier stage of the investigations. In particular, it was only in Omar’s
Third Long Statement that he mentioned that he had refused Latif’s request for
him to bring the Bundles into Singapore, and that Din had placed the Bundles
in the Car and took them out subsequently. 266

##### Foot Note 266

×

AB 194; NEs, 9 October 2020, p 72, line 25 to p 73, line 11; p 74, lines 9–12.

If Omar’s defence was true, one would expect him to mention this defence in
his Cautioned Statement, immediately after the charge and the notice pursuant
to s 23(1) of the CPC were read to him. However, he did not mention this
defence. Instead, he did the exact opposite – he admitted that he had agreed
to Din’s request to bring the Bundles into Singapore. 267

##### Foot Note 267

×

AB 169.

This significantly diminishes the credibility of his defence as set out in his
Third Long Statement and suggests that it was an afterthought.

133 Furthermore, the Cautioned Statement was recorded on 12 July 2018, whereas
the Third Long Statement was recorded on 18 July 2018. In between the
recording of the Cautioned Statement and the Third Long Statement, Omar’s
First Long Statement and Second Long Statement were recorded from him on 17
July 2018. Despite having these opportunities to correct a critical fact he
previously admitted to, Omar only raised his defence in his Third Long
Statement, when asked about the discrepancies between his Long Statements and
his Contemporaneous Statement. In light of all these circumstances, I am not
inclined to believe his defence as set out in his Long Statements, CFD and
testimony in court.

Conclusion on Omar’s statements, CFD and testimony in court

134 For the above reasons, I place little weight on Omar’s Long Statements,
CFD and testimony in court. In my view, his accounts as set out in his Long
Statements, CFD and testimony in court should not be believed. Not only was
Omar unable to provide a satisfactory explanation for his sudden about-turn as
to the facts, the information provided by him in his Non-Long Statements
suggests that he in fact knew the nature of the Bundles and had agreed to
bring them into Singapore. Furthermore, he vacillated in his Long Statements,
CFD and testimony in court, which suggests that he was not telling the truth.
This is reinforced by the fact that he only mentioned his defence in his Third
Long Statement, which was in direct contradiction to his admission in his
Cautioned Statement.

135 According to Omar’s Non-Long Statements, he ran into Din and Latif at the
Restaurant. Din and Latif then asked him to bring the Bundles into Singapore.
He agreed to do so, knowing that the Bundles were cannabis. This account of
how Omar came to be in possession of the Bundles appears to be at odds with
the messages from the Phones, which suggest that Omar had obtained the Bundles
from Jay in the vicinity of the Mosque. The phone messages are objective,
independent and contemporaneous evidence that do not lie. Omar’s attempt to
explain away the phone messages by suggesting that they were about textile
transactions is most unconvincing. The phone messages suggest that Omar had
pre-ordered the Bundles from Jay on 10 July 2018, which he then collected from
Jay on 11 July 2018 and brought into Singapore on 12 July 2018.

136 Therefore, I find that Omar knew the nature of the Bundles and he
intentionally brought the Bundles into Singapore. These facts are supported by
the messages recovered from Omar’s Phones. Omar’s knowledge that the Bundles
were cannabis is also supported by the Non-Long Statements, even if I
disbelieve Omar’s account regarding Din and Latif therein. Specifically, it is
clear from the First Oral Statement that Omar knew that there were three
Bundles in the Bag, even before the other two Bundles had been taken out.
Furthermore, based on Omar’s admissions to Sgt Faliq and Sgt Zuhaidi in the
Second Oral Statement, the Third Oral Statement and the Contemporaneous
Statement, he knew that the Bundles were cannabis. This was at the time when
the Bundles had not yet been opened. Therefore, the Non-Long Statements
support the finding that Omar knew the nature of the Bundles and had
intentionally brought them into Singapore.

The DNA evidence

137 I turn now to the DNA evidence. Exhibits taken from the Bundles and their
packaging were swabbed and sent for analysis by the HSA. No interpretable DNA
profile was obtained from all of the exhibits, except for two DNA profiles
were obtained from the cling film and the plastic of one of the Bundles (see
[6] above). However, neither of these two DNA profiles matched Omar’s DNA
profile. 268

##### Foot Note 268

×

AB 60–64.

138 I do not consider that this significantly affects the finding that Omar
knew the nature of the Bundles and had agreed to bring them into Singapore.
The Prosecution’s witness, Ms Wong Hang Yee, who prepared the relevant HSA
report, explained that although no interpretable DNA profile was obtained from
the exhibits, it was still possible that Omar had handled the exhibits. This
was because the absence of interpretable DNA profile could have been due to
several reasons, such as Omar wearing protective gear, the amount of DNA left
on the exhibits being insufficient or the DNA left on the exhibits having
degraded. 269

##### Foot Note 269

×

NEs, 8 October 2020, p 59, lines 2–11.

For the same reasons, it was also possible that Omar had handled those
exhibits on which two DNA profiles were found, even though the DNA profiles
found on those exhibits did not match Omar’s DNA profile. 270

##### Foot Note 270

×

NEs, 8 October 2020, p 59, line 22 to p 60, line 2.

Even if Omar did not come into contact with the Bundles himself, he could have
told Jay to put the Bundles into his Bag, with full knowledge of the nature of
the Bundles. In other words, the absence of his DNA on the relevant exhibits
does not exonerate him from the charge as he knew and admitted to the Bundles
being cannabis when he imported them into Singapore through Woodlands
Checkpoint.

Conclusion on the importation charge

139 In conclusion, I find that the Prosecution has proven beyond a reasonable
doubt the elements of the importation charge against Omar. First, it is
undisputed that Omar was in possession of the Bundles found in the Bag. In any
case, the presumption of possession pursuant to s 18(1)(a) of the MDA applies
and Omar has not successfully rebutted the presumption.

140 Secondly, I find that the Prosecution has proven beyond a reasonable doubt
that Omar had knowledge of the nature of the Bundles. He knew that the Bundles
were cannabis. This is evident from the fact that he was able to identify in
his Second Oral Statement, Third Oral Statement and Contemporaneous Statement
that the Bundles were cannabis, even before the Bundles were opened and
processed by the CNB. This is also supported by my finding, based on the
messages recovered from Omar’s Phones, that Omar had pre-ordered the Bundles
from Jay on 10 July 2018. Given that he ordered the Bundles, he should have
known what the Bundles contained. In this case, the presumption of knowledge
of the nature of the drugs pursuant to s 18(2) of the MDA applies. Based on
the evidence before me, I am not satisfied that Omar has successfully rebutted
this presumption.

141 Thirdly, I find that the Prosecution has proven beyond a reasonable doubt
that the Bundles were intentionally brought into Singapore by Omar without
prior authorisation. This is evident from the fact that Omar could identify
the number of Bundles in the Bag even though, at the time, two out of the
three Bundles had not yet been taken out of the Bag. If he knew about the
presence of the Bundles in this Bag, this shows that he intended to bring them
into Singapore. This is also supported by my finding that Omar had pre-ordered
the Bundles. Given that he had pre-ordered the Bundles, he must also have
intended to bring them back into Singapore.

142 In this regard, I reject Omar’s defence that the Bundles were planted in
his Bag by Din and Latif without his knowledge. This defence is not supported
by any contemporaneous or objective evidence. Instead, Omar’s defence relies
largely on his own testimony and his Long Statements. However, there were
numerous material inconsistences and vacillations in his defence. 271

##### Foot Note 271

×

PCS, at para 56.

In addition, I did not find him to be a credible witness. Hence, he has not
been able to raise a reasonable doubt in the Prosecution’s case.

143 For these reasons, I find that the Prosecution has proven the charge
against Omar for importation of cannabis beyond a reasonable doubt.
Accordingly, I convict him on the charge under s 7 of the MDA.

Sentence

144 Pursuant to s 33(1) read with the Second Schedule to the MDA, the
prescribed punishment for unauthorised importation of more than 500g of
cannabis is death. Section 33B(1)(a) of the MDA permits an alternative
sentence of mandatory life imprisonment and not less than 15 strokes of the
cane if the two conditions in s 33B(2) are met. Section 33B(2) reads:

(2) The requirements referred to in subsection (1)(a) are as follows:

(a) the person convicted proves, on a balance of probabilities, that his
involvement in the offence under section 5(1) or 7 was restricted –

(i) to transporting, sending or delivering a controlled drug;

(ii) to offering to transport, send or deliver a controlled drug;

(iii) to doing or offering to do any act preparatory to or for the purpose of
his transporting, sending or delivering a controlled drug; or

(iv) to any combination of activities in sub-paragraphs (i), (ii) and (iii);
and

(b) the Public Prosecutor certifies to any court that, in his determination,
the person has substantively assisted the Central Narcotics Bureau in
disrupting drug trafficking activities within or outside Singapore.

145 In this case, the Prosecution did not contest that Omar’s involvement in
the offence fell within s 33B(2)(a) of the MDA. The Prosecution referred to
the decision in Zamri bin Mohd Tahir v Public Prosecutor [2019] 1 SLR 724,
where the Court of Appeal observed at [15]–[17] as follows:

15 … The focus of the inquiry required by s 33B(2)(a) of the MDA is on the
accused’s acts in relation to the particular consignment of drugs which form
the subject matter of the charge against him. … [T]he appellant’s intentions
at the relevant time were inchoate in the sense that they depended entirely on
what someone else might decide or do at a point in time when no such decision
or action had been made or taken.

16 In the present case, on the evidence before the court, it was, in truth,
unknown and unknowable what the accused would have done after he had taken
delivery of the drugs. …

17 We accept that in many instances where the accused is arrested before he
has been able to deal with the drugs, the court may nevertheless infer that
his role was to do more such that he should not be found to be a courier. This
would be the case, for instance, where the accused has already been instructed
or engaged, or is otherwise already committed and resolved to do other things
such as to divide and pack the drugs. But this will only be so where the
evidence allows the court to find that he would have gone on to do such acts
but for his arrest. …

[emphasis in original]

146 Applying the principles set out above, the Prosecution conceded, and
rightly so, that there is insufficient evidence to indicate what Omar intended
to do with the Bundles after he had taken delivery of them and returned to
Singapore. The evidence before the court only indicates that Omar had pre-
ordered the Bundles, collected them in Johor Bahru, and then transported them
from Johor Bahru into Singapore. Thus, I find that Omar was a courier whose
involvement in the offence fell within s 33B(2)(a) of the MDA.

147 However, the Prosecution also informed the court that Omar did not receive
a certificate of substantive assistance from the Public Prosecutor. Thus, the
requirement under s 33B(2)(b) of the MDA is not satisfied, and the alternative
sentencing regime under s 33B(1)(a) of the MDA is not available to Omar.
Therefore, I sentence Omar to the mandatory sentence of death.

Conclusion

148 For the above reasons, I find that the charge against Omar has been proven
beyond a reasonable doubt and convict him accordingly. I impose on Omar the
mandatory sentence of death.

Tan Siong Thye  
Judge of the High Court

Senthilkumaran s/o Sabapathy and Gabriel Lim Cher Wei (Attorney-General’s
Chambers) for the Prosecution;

Kishan Pratap (Kishan Law Chambers LLC) and Ho Thiam Huat (T H Ho Law
Chambers) for the accused.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 25 Feb 2021 (19:39 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

