Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC 215

Suit No 714 of 2019

Between

Ross Earle Moller  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

Geyer Environments Pte Ltd  
---  
  
… Defendant

judgment

[Employment Law] — [Benefits]

[Employment Law] — [Contract of service]

[Employment Law] — [Pay]

[Employment Law] — [Termination]

[Employment Law] — [Employees’ duties]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Moller, Ross Earle

  
v

  

Geyer Environments Pte Ltd

[2021] SGHC 215

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 714 of 2019  
Kwek Mean Luck JC  
15–17, 22–25 June 2021, 2 September 2021

17 September 2021 Judgment reserved.

Kwek Mean Luck JC:

Introduction

1 The plaintiff, Mr Ross Earle Moller, is an Australian citizen. He was
employed by the defendant, Geyer Environments Pte Ltd (“Geyer Singapore”), at
the material time. The defendant is an interior design company incorporated in
Singapore. In November 2018, the defendant was acquired by another company
Valmont Holdings Pty Ltd (“Valmont”). In March 2019, the plaintiff was
summarily dismissed by the new management of the defendant.

2 In this suit, the plaintiff claims against the defendant for his unpaid
bonuses, relocation allowances, retention bonus and salary that he would have
been paid if he was not summarily dismissed. In the main, the defendant
submits that the plaintiff’s bonuses were not properly approved, and the
plaintiff was justifiably dismissed summarily as he had breached his duties as
a director of the defendant.

Factual background

3 The defendant is the wholly owned subsidiary of an Australian company, Geyer
Pty Ltd (“Geyer Australia”). Geyer Australia itself was the wholly owned
subsidiary of another Australian company, Geyer Corporation Pty Ltd (“Geyer
Corporation”). I will refer to these companies collectively as the “Geyer
Group”. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Ross Earle Moller’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief (“Ross’s AEIC”) at paras 7
to 9.

4 The plaintiff was appointed as the Chief Operating Officer (“COO”) and Chief
Financial Officer (“CFO”) of Geyer Australia for a period of three years, from
2 December 2013 to 30 November 2016, under a letter of employment dated 28
November 2013 (“the 1st Employment Agreement”). It was stated therein that
since the plaintiff would be based in Singapore, his employment would be
through Geyer Singapore. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Core Bundle (“CB”), Tab 2.

5 The 1st Employment Agreement was renewed pursuant to the terms of a letter
of employment dated 25 May 2016 (“the 2nd Employment Agreement”), for another
three years, ending on 30 June 2019. Under the 2nd Employment Agreement, the
plaintiff was appointed the COO and CFO of Geyer Australia and Geyer
Singapore. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Ross’s AEIC at para 10 and p 43.

It was also stated in the 2nd Employment Agreement that since the plaintiff
would be based in Singapore, his employment would be through Geyer Singapore.
4

##### Foot Note 4

×

CB, Tab 4; NE 15/6/21 6.

6 According to the plaintiff, around 2013, the Geyer Group experienced a
decline in business and faced cashflow difficulties. The plaintiff, alongside
other directors within the Geyer Group, agreed to accept deferred payment of
their salary, contractual entitlements and other incentive payments. This was
to give the defendant and Geyer Australia liquidity to operate their business.
5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Ross’s AEIC at para 12; Robyn Watts’ AEIC at para 23.

7 Around August 2018, Geyer Australia was acquired by Valmont for AUD$1,
pursuant to a Share Sale Agreement between Geyer Corporation and Valmont (“the
Share Sale Agreement”). Under the Share Sale Agreement, Valmont assumed
responsibility for the net liabilities of Geyer Australia and Geyer Singapore,
which were not to exceed AUD$1.5m. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Ross’s AEIC at para 20; Ross’s AEIC at Tab 7; Marcel Zalloua’s Affidavit of
Evidence-in-Chief (“Marcel’s AEIC”) at paras 25–26; Marcel’s AEIC at Tab 11,
see “Purchase Price” definition.

8 On 19 November 2018, the plaintiff sent the Management Accounts of Geyer
Australia and Geyer Singapore as at 31 October 2018 (“the Management
Accounts”) to Mr Marcel Zalloua (“Mr Zalloua”), the director Valmont, and Mr
Dominic Calandra (“Mr Calandra”), the Chief Financial Officer of Valmont. The
Management Accounts included the net liabilities of Geyer Australia and Geyer
Singapore, which were AUD$1,501,007.30. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Marcel’s AEIC at para 33; Marcel’s AEIC, Tab 14, p 331.

The sale of Geyer Australia to Valmont was completed as of 27 November 2018
(“the Sale”). 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Ross’s AEIC at para 22.

9 On 19 March 2019, the plaintiff was informed by Mr Zalloua that his
employment was terminated with immediate effect. He was issued with a
termination letter (“the Termination Letter”), which states that the
termination was “on grounds of engaging in deliberate behaviour or conduct
which is inconsistent with your duties as an employee and renders you, in
[Geyer Singapore’s] determination, unfit for continued service”. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Ross’s AEIC at para 35, Tab 15; Marcel’s AEIC at paras 131–132.

10 On or around 31 May 2019, all the assets of Geyer Australia, including the
shares in Geyer Singapore, were sold to Geyer Service Pty Ltd, an Australian
company wholly owned by Valmont. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Ross’s AEIC at para 23.

11 As of 13 June 2019, Geyer Australia was placed into voluntary
administration. On 18 July 2019, Geyer Australia was placed in liquidation. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Marcel’s AEIC at para 140.

Plaintiff’s claims

12 In this suit, the plaintiff claims against the defendant for the following:

(a) the outstanding salary payments owed to the plaintiff in the amount of
$229,573.16 (for which summary judgment has been obtained);

(b) the outstanding bonus payments of $200,000;

(c) a retention bonus of $5,000;

(d) relocation allowances which include the cost of two economy class, one-way
airfares from Singapore to Sydney in the amount of $2500 and relocation moving
costs equivalent to one month’s salary in the amount of $21,637.50
(collectively “relocation allowances”); and

(e) salary for the period of 20 March 2019 to 30 June 2019 that would have
been paid to the plaintiff if not for the wrongful dismissal by the defendant,
in the amount of $73,271.11.

13 As summary judgment for the outstanding salary payments of $229,573.16 has
already been obtained, 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Plaintiff’s Opening Statement at para 7.

the trial proceeded on the basis of the plaintiff’s remaining claims.

Outstanding bonus payments

14 The plaintiff claims for his unpaid performance bonus of $110,000 for the
year 2015/2016 (“2016 Bonus”) and his unpaid performance bonus of $90,000 for
the year 2016/2017 (“2017 Bonus”). I will refer to the 2016 Bonus and 2017
Bonus collectively as the “Bonus Payments”.

15 The plaintiff accepts that the award of the Bonus Payments is subject to
the discretion of the board of the defendant. The plaintiff’s case is that
this discretion has been duly exercised. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 25.

He was awarded the 2016 Bonus following an annual review with Ms Robyn Watts
(“Ms Watts”) on or around 20 September 2016 and the 2017 Bonus following an
annual review with Ms Watts on or around 18 October 2017. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Ross’s AEIC at Tab 4 and Tab 5.

Ms Watts was then the Chair of the board of Geyer Singapore, as well as the
Chair of the board of Geyer Australia and Geyer Corporation. She remained so
till 27 November 2018. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Watts’s AEIC at para 4.

Both awards were recorded by Ms Watts on the plaintiff’s KPI Annual Review
Sheet for the respective years.

16 Both bonus awards were decided on by Ms Watts and Mr Ivan Ross (“Mr Ross”),
after consulting Mr Kim Thornton-Smith (“Mr Thornton-Smith”). 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Watts’s AEIC at para 21; Kim’s AEIC at para 22; Ivan Ross’s AEIC at paras 5–8.

Mr Ross was then a non-executive director of Geyer Singapore and Geyer
Australia, 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Ivan Ross’s AEIC at para 4.

while Mr Thornton-Smith was then a director of Geyer Corporation. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

NE 16/6/21 93.

Thus, all the relevant directors, namely Ms Watts, Mr Ross and Mr Thornton-
Smith, had exercised their discretion to award the plaintiff the Bonus
Payments, in accordance with the procedures. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Watts’s AEIC at paras 15–19, 21; Kim’s AEIC at paras 16–17, 19–20, 22; Ivan
Ross’s AEIC at paras 5–6, 8; NE 16/6/21 62, 84, 88; NE 17/6/21 17.

There was no board resolution for or meeting minute that recorded the Bonus
Payments, but contrary to the defendant’s submission, they were not a pre-
requisite. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Ross’s AEIC at paras 75–77; Kim’s AEIC at paras 28–29; Ivan Ross’s AEIC at
paras 29–30; Watts’s AEIC at paras 29–30; Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions
(“PRS”) at paras 12–16.

17 Further, the 2016 Bonus was recorded in the Remuneration Advice Forms dated
28 June 2016 and 23 September 2016 while the 2017 Bonus was recorded in the
Remuneration Advice Form dated 28 February 2018. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

CB at pp 775, 778, 781.

The Bonus Payments were also recorded in the “Management Accounts Trial
Balance & Consolidation Table” and sent to Valmont’s lawyer on 20 November
2018, more than a week before the completion of the Sale. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

CB Tab 47 and AB 258 Excel Table attached under Tab “Consolidation”, row 92
column “N”.

Retention bonus and relocation allowances

18 The plaintiff claims that at a meeting on or around 26 February 2019
between him and Ms Wendy Geitz (“Ms Geitz”) the then CEO of the defendant,
they agreed on the termination benefits that would be paid to the plaintiff
before his term under the 2nd Employment Agreement ended on 28 June 2019. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

NE 15/6/21 50.

His e-mail dated 26 February 2019 at 1.01pm captures the mutual undertakings
of each party following their discussion. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

PCS at para 187.

This included an undertaking by the defendant to, amongst other things, pay
the plaintiff the relocation allowances and a retention bonus. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Ross’s AEIC at Tab 10; NE 15/6/21 50–51.

Ms Geitz, as the CEO of the defendant, had the requisite authority for such
agreement. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

PCS at para 189(b).

19 In the alternative, the plaintiff submits that there was an agreement to
pay the plaintiff the relocation allowances, as captured in the letter
“Cessation of Contract Term” dated 22 February 2019 (“Cessation of Employment
Letter”) which Ms Geitz sent to him on 26 February 2019. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

CB at p 542.

Wrongful dismissal

20 In the course of trial, the plaintiff amended his pleadings to include a
claim for wrongful dismissal by the defendant. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

SOC Amendment No 1 at paras 28A–28D.

The 2nd Employment Agreement stated that the term of the plaintiff’s
employment would end on 30 June 2019. It could also be terminated by either
party with six months’ notice. However, on 19 March 2019, the defendant
terminated the plaintiff’s employment with immediate effect by way of the
Termination Letter. The plaintiff’s case is that there was no basis for this
summary termination and the plaintiff was wrongfully dismissed. He claims for
his salary for the period of 20 March 2019 to 30 June 2019 that would have
been paid if not for the wrongful dismissal, in the amount of $73,271.11. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

SOC A1 at para 31(c)(i).

Defendant’s case

Outstanding bonus payments

21 The defendant submits that the plaintiff is not entitled to the Bonus
Payments. First, the plaintiff did not achieve 100% of his performance targets
for the 2016 and 2017 Annual Review. Second, Ms Watts did not have the
authority to determine the plaintiff’s Bonus Payments. The approval of the
board of Geyer Corporation was needed. There is no evidence of any board
resolution of such approval. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Marcel’s AEIC at para 71.

Third, there is no record of the Bonus Payments in the accounts.

Retention bonus and relocation allowances

22 The defendant denies that there was a termination agreement between the
parties on 26 February 2019. The plaintiff’s email showed that there was only
a discussion, but not an agreement. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

DCS at para 131.

The fact that there were subsequent e-mails between the plaintiff and Ms
Robertson on 26 February 2019, 4 March 2019 and 5 March 2019 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

CB Tabs 66, 67, 71.

shows that no agreement had been reached. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

DCS at para 133.

Even if there was a termination agreement, the terms are encapsulated in the
Cessation of Employment Letter. This letter does not provide that the
plaintiff is entitled to a retention bonus. In fact, the Employee Retention
Program had yet to be finalised or implemented when the plaintiff’s employment
was terminated. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Marcel’s AEIC at para 115.

23 The defendant further submits that the plaintiff is not entitled to the
relocation allowances because these are only for employees who relocate and
continue to work for Geyer Corporation. However, the plaintiff is not being
relocated to continue working for Geyer Corporation. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

DCS at para 142.

Wrongful dismissal

24 The defendant claims that it was entitled to summarily dismiss the
plaintiff, as he had breached his fiduciary duties as a director of the
defendant and Geyer Australia. The defendant’s case is that there are three
breaches.

25 First, the plaintiff misrepresented the Geyer Group’s financial position
for the purposes of the Share Sale Agreement. One of the conditions of the
Share Sale Agreement was that Geyer Group’s Net Liabilities did not exceed
AUD$1.5m (“Net Liabilities condition”). The Management Accounts which the
plaintiff sent to Valmont showed Net Liabilities of around AUD$1.5m. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Marcel’s AEIC at para 35, Tab 15.

Valmont relied on it to complete the acquisition of all the shares of Geyer
Australia as per the Share Sale Agreement. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

SOD A3 at para 14(m).

However, Valmont subsequently discovered that the Work in Progress (“WIP”)
write-offs of Geyer Group were understated in the Management Accounts.
Consequently, the Geyer Group’s Net Liabilities was understated.

26 Second, the plaintiff breached his duties to the Geyer Group by failing to
ensure that the minute books for the board meetings for Geyer Australia and
Geyer Singapore were properly kept. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Marcel’s AEIC at para 123.

27 Third, the plaintiff failed to disclose an audit notice from the Australian
Taxation Office dated 15 November 2018 (“ATO Audit Notice”) to other directors
of Geyer Australia and Geyer Corporation or to Valmont. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

SOD A3 at para 36A.

My decision

Bonus payments

28 The defendant raised three issues regarding the Bonus Payments.

29 First, the defendant submits that the plaintiff did not meet the pre-
requisite performance targets for the issuance of bonus payments. However,
while the HR documents referred to by the defendant mention that bonuses are
dependent on the achievement of performance metrics and the company reaching
its profit targets, these documents do not circumscribe the discretion of the
directors to award bonuses if such targets are not achieved. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

AB1, Clause 4 of the Employment Agreement and Clause 5.2 of the Geyer Handbook
– An Induction Guide: An Introduction to Geyer’s Policies and Procedures.

The defendant also referred to the Geyer Remuneration Advice 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

CB Tabs 5 and 7.

issued to the plaintiff for 2016 and 2017, which states that the plaintiff’s
bonus is dependent on the achievement of certain performance targets, which
were not met. However, these documents are also the very documents that state
explicitly that the plaintiff is eligible for the Bonus Payments.

30 Clearly, a decision was taken then to award the plaintiff the 2016 Bonus
and the 2017 Bonus, despite the fact that the performance targets were not
achieved.

31 Ms Watts explained that the directors took into consideration the following
factors in deciding to award the bonus payments, even though the plaintiff did
not meet his performance targets. She attested that the primary reason for
awarding the 2016 Bonus to the plaintiff, was because the plaintiff had
competently attended to and fulfilled additional duties of a CEO, when Geyer
Singapore had no CEO. This was on top of his duties as a COO. The plaintiff
carried out these roles extremely well, given the cashflow difficulties and
pressures faced by the Geyer Group at the time. The same considerations
applied to awarding the 2017 Bonus. The plaintiff also led the Turnaround
Program to restructure the Geyer Group to optimise its various business
processes. As such, Ms Watts, along with Mr Thornton-Smith and Mr Ross, agreed
that the plaintiff was entitled to Bonus Payments. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Robyn Watts’s AEIC at paras 17, 20.

I find that Ms Watts has provided ample grounds for the directors’ exercise of
their discretion to award the plaintiff the Bonus Payments.

32 The defendant’s second objection, is that the Bonus Payments were not
approved by the board of Geyer Corporation, as Ms Watts could only recommend
to the board of Geyer Corporation and could not make the determination for the
actual award. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

DCS at para 24; NE 16/6/21 48.

33 The defendant’s position is premised in part on a document on “Authorities
and Delegated Authorities” that indicated that the authority for the
remuneration of the “CEO/COO” is the “Board”. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

CB at p 96.

However, this document is dated 29 March 2018. Mr Ross testified that while
the format of this document looked similar to that of earlier years, the
content may have been different. For example, when he was CEO of the defendant
from 2012 to 2015, he would decide on the award for the COO, in his capacity
as CEO. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

NE 17/6/21 4–5.

I thus find that the document titled “Authorities and Delegated Authorities”,
dated 29 March 2018, does not provide weighty insight into the processes when
the bonuses were awarded in 2016 and 2017.

34 The other document relied on by the defendant is the “Protocols for
Directors of Geyer Corporation Pty Ltd Subsidiary Companies” dated 26 June
2014 (“Geyer Protocol”). 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

AB 7.

Clause 5.2 of Geyer Protocol states that certain functions are reserved to the
Geyer Corporation Board or the CEO pursuant to delegation of authority from
the Geyer Corporation Board. Clause 5.3(b) of Geyer Protocol provides that one
such function is “the ongoing assessment and monitoring of performance,
including managements’ performance against strategic objectives, operating
plans, financial targets, business plans and the like”. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

AB 7.

These clauses are less specific than the document “Authorities and Delegated
Authorities”, in that they do not specifically mention remuneration but
instead refer more broadly to assessment and monitoring of performance.

35 The plaintiff, Mr Ross and Ms Watts did not agree with the defendant’s
interpretation of Clauses 5.2 and 5.3(b) of the Geyer Protocol, that it
reserved to the board of Geyer Corporation the discretion to award bonuses to
the plaintiff. The plaintiff acknowledged that based on Clauses 5.2 and 5.3(b)
of the Geyer Protocol, the ongoing assessment and monitoring of performance is
reserved to the board of Geyer Corporation, 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

NE 15/6/21 17.

but it is Geyer Singapore that decides in consultation with Geyer Corporation
when it comes to the awarding of bonuses. In practice, concurrent meetings
were held between Geyer Corp, Geyer Australia and Geyer Singapore to make such
decisions. But ultimately, it is left to the subsidiaries to carry out the
decisions made at the meetings. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

PRS at para 7.

36 Mr Ross also did not agree that the intention of the Geyer Protocol was for
the board of Geyer Corporation to assess the plaintiff’s performance. He
testified that he was not sure that it was intended to include the COO role.
During the time Mr Ross that was at Geyer, the COO was assessed by him as the
CEO and he did not recall putting a bonus position to the board during his
tenure. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

NE 17/6/21 6–8.

37 Ms Watts testified that the Geyer Protocol was a document that extended to
all subsidiaries of the Geyer Corporation, including Geyer Australia and Geyer
Singapore. She pointed out that the subtitle of the document is “Protocols for
Directors of Geyer Corporation Pty Ltd Subsidiary Companies” [emphasis added].
She testified that the reference in the Geyer Protocol to “GCPL” refers the
boards of Geyer Corporation, Geyer Australia and Geyer Singapore, as that was
how the boards operated, concurrently, with representatives of all the
subsidiaries in it. This was how they interpreted the Geyer Protocol, and the
way in which she chaired the board of Geyer Corporation, “operating
concurrently with all three entities”. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

NE 16/6/21 37–40.

The reference to Board in the document “Authorities and Delegated Authorities”
similarly related to all the subsidiaries of Geyer. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

NE 16/6/21 37.

The prevailing protocol then was for the directors of Geyer Australia and
Geyer Singapore to concurrently determine the bonus for the COO. In line with
this, Ms Watts explained that the board minutes dated 7 September 2018 which
recorded a decision to award bonus to Ms Geitz the CEO of Geyer Singapore, 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

AB 75.

was a record of “discussions that happened with Geyer Corporation … concurrent
with the other two subsidiaries”, and not a record of the decision of only the
board of Geyer Corporation. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

NE 16/6/21 43.

38 The only plaintiff witness who accepted that Clauses 5.2 and 5.3(b) of the
Geyer Protocol stated that it was for the Geyer Corporation board to make the
call on bonuses, was Mr Thornton-Smith. However even then, his evidence was
not materially inconsistent with that of the other witnesses of the plaintiff.
He also testified that his interpretation was that Ms Watts, being the
director of Geyer Singapore, had consulted him and he had made a decision that
the plaintiff deserved the bonuses. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

NE 16/6/21 81–82.

39 Among the witnesses that gave testimony on this issue, I found Ms Watts’s
evidence to be the most reliable. She was the most involved and most senior in
overseeing the work of the Geyer Group, having served as the Chair of the
board of Geyer Corporation, Geyer Australia and Geyer Singapore. She had a
good grasp of the details as well as a strategic perspective of the Geyer
Group’s work. I found her to be impartial and credible. She served as an
independent director. In this Suit she served as an independent witness, with
nothing to gain from her evidence. She was evenhanded and fair, speaking in
favor of the plaintiff in respect of the Bonus Payments, but also against him
in respect of the Retention Bonus, as discussed below at [92]. I therefore
accept Ms Watts’s evidence that the protocol prevailing then in the Geyer
Group, did not reserve to the board of Geyer Corporation the power to exercise
its discretion to award bonuses to the plaintiff. I note that this is also
consistent with the evidence of Mr Ross, a fellow director of Geyer Singapore
and Geyer Australia, and the plaintiff. I also accept Ms Watt’s evidence, that
it was for the board of Geyer Australia and the defendant to determine the
bonus award concurrently.

40 The evidence shows that the determination of the plaintiff’s bonuses was in
accordance with the established protocols of the defendant. Both Ms Watts and
Mr Ross testified that they exercised their discretion as the directors of
Geyer Australia and Geyer Singapore to award the Bonus Payments. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

NE 16/6/21 62, 88, 94.

Ms Watts had also consulted Mr Thornton-Smith, who was a director at Geyer
Corporation. Mr Thornton-Smith corroborated this and testified that such
assessments took place, that he was consulted, and that he made a decision to
award the plaintiff the Bonus Payments. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

NE 16/6/21 82.

41 Thus, the unrebutted evidence is that the directors on the boards of the
Geyer Singapore, Geyer Australia and Geyer Corporation, Ms Watts, Mr Ross and
Mr Thornton-Smith, had agreed to award the plaintiff the Bonus Payments.

42 I agree with the plaintiff that even if the defendant’s case is accepted,
that the board of Geyer Corporation had to approve the Bonus Payments, that
has also been met on the evidence.

43 In their reply submissions, the defendant argues that the plaintiff’s
pleaded case is that the board of Geyer Singapore has the authority to approve
the Bonus Payments, and the plaintiff should not be allowed to go beyond the
bound of his pleaded case to also say that the board of Geyer Corporation
would have the discussions and assessment on whether a bonus should be awarded
and leave the actual discretion to the relevant subsidiaries. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

DRS at para 10.

However, this is clearly not a situation of going beyond a pleaded case. The
plaintiff’s pleaded case remains the same, that the board of Geyer Singapore
had the discretion to and did approve the Bonus Payments. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

PCS at paras 28 and 34; PRS at para 7(a).

Further, what the plaintiff is asserting, and rightly in my view, is that even
if the defendant’s pleaded case – that it is the board of Geyer Corporation
that has the authority to award the Bonus Payments – is accepted, the evidence
shows that the board of Geyer Corporation did agree to the award. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

PSC at para 35.

44 The defendant also submits that the Bonus Payments are not valid because
they were not made by way of board resolution. However, they have not provided
any evidence of such a requirement. On the other hand, Ms Watts, Mr Ross and
Mr Thornton-Smith have testified that there is no requirement to formally
document bonus awards through a board resolution. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Ivan Ross’s AEIC at para 14; Thornton-Smith’s AEIC at para 28; Watts’s AEIC at
para 29; NE 16/6/21 86.

In their closing submissions, the defendant introduced a fresh assertion that
there was no board minutes of Geyer Corporation recording the deliberation or
award of the Bonus Payments. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

DCS at para 29.

This was not their pleaded case, which was that a board resolution was needed.
In any event, the defendant did not produce any evidence of such requirement.
When Mr Ross was asked if the lack of minutes recording the bonus award meant
that there was no award for 2016, he said that they had the conversation and
he understood that there was an agreement about the bonus. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

NE 17/6/21 11.

Ms Watts and Mr Thornton Smith testified that it was not a requirement to
record bonuses in board meeting minutes. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

NE 16/6/21 44, 86.

I find no merit to the defendant’s submission that there was a requirement for
board resolution or board minutes in order for the Bonus Payments to be
granted to the plaintiff.

45 The evidence is thus overwhelmingly in favour of the plaintiff’s claim for
the Bonus Payments. To advance their case against this, the defendant sought
to impugn the credibility of Ms Watts, Mr Ross and Mr Thornton-Smith’s
evidence by suggesting to each of them that they had an interest in giving
evidence that was beneficial to the plaintiff even if such evidence was not
true. This was roundly rejected by each witness.

46 I find no grounds to treat their evidence as biased. On the contrary, I
find each witness to be forthright and impartial in their testimony.
Importantly, the defendant’s allegations of bias are completely
unsubstantiated. While Mr Thornton-Smith acknowledged that he was owed certain
sums from Valmont, the defendant has not shown how the plaintiff’s success in
this suit would assist Mr Thornton-Smith in his claims. Mr Thornton-Smith
explained that as Geyer Corporation was in liquidation, he did not stand to
receive anything back. Nor was he in a financial position to challenge
Valmont. He had nothing to gain from this suit. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

NE 16/6/2021 91–92.

47 As the evidence of Ms Watts is the most material to this issue, I set out
below her emphatic rejection of the defendant’s baseless allegation of bias.

Cross-Examination of Ms Watts 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

NE 16/6/21 60–61.

Q: I would suggest to you that given your relate---close relationship with
Ross as well as your reservation of rights for unpaid sums, you have an
interest in giving evidence that is beneficial to Mr Moller in these
proceedings even if such evidence is not true. Would you agree or disagree?

A: I strongly disagree. The reason that I’m---have agreed to be a witness is
because I ethically and morally believe that Ross Moller is---you pay them
these bonuses and the salary that was due to him. The fact that he hasn’t been
paid after this amount of time is---is, in my view, a complete disgrace
ethically and I feel very, very strongly. I worked very closely with him
during that time. I know how hard he worked while the impact it had on his
health and well-being. While the impact it had on his family, and also the---
the huge benefit that accrued to Geyer during that time. If he hadn’t been
there, we would’ve been in a much worse position. I strongly believe that he
is due those bonuses. That’s why I’m doing it. It’s got nothing to do with me.
I don’t stand to gain anything at all from this. I---and it’s not because of
close personal relationship with Ross. I have a very professional relationship
with Ross and always have had. I’m the accounting director on a number of
boards, including ASX-listed boards here in Australia and I pride myself in
the level of governance and high levels of integrity that I perform my work
with.

…

Re-Examination of Ms Watts 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

NE 16/6/21 63–64.

Q: Just to move to that final point that my learned friend raised. Do you
yourself have---personally have any claims, financial claims, against the
defendant via Environments Pte Ltd?

A: No, I don’t. I don’t have any claim. I don’t intend to have any claims, I
don’t have any claims and I undertook with Marcel Zalloua that I would not
have any claims and I---I don’t have any intention of pursuing any claims. I
really stand by my word to Valmont.

Q Yet---and just for the record, do you have any outstanding claims against
Geyer Proprietary Ltd?

A: None that I’m going to pursue or have any intention of pursuing to exactly
the same reasons. For me, I gave my word to Marcel Zalloua that I would not
claim anything and I have no intention of claiming anything at all if---if
there is anything still on the books. I know that Geyer Proprietary Ltd is in
liquidation and pa---possibly I’m registered as a creditor there but I
certainly don’t intend to pursue that.

48 Ms Watts’s testimony was internally consistent and corroborated by Mr
Thornton-Smith and Mr Ross. I found her to be a credible witness who has no
reason to lie. As she explained, she has no personal stake in the present suit
and has no claims against the Geyer Group. I accept her evidence on the
awarding of the Bonus Payments.

49 The defendant’s third objection to the Bonus Payments is that they were not
indicated in the financial documents. On this, the plaintiff and Ms Watts
acknowledged that it was an omission for the earlier financial statements
signed in March and April 2018 to not include the Bonus Payments. But they
testify that this does not change the fact that awards for such bonuses were
made. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

NE 16/6/21 50–52.

In any event, the Bonus Payments were reflected in the financial documents
conveyed to Valmont prior to the completion of the Sale.

50 I find the defendant’s submission on this to be wholly misplaced. The key
issue in respect of the Bonus Payments is whether the awards were properly
made. If they were properly made, omission from the financial statements would
not negate such awards. If anything, the defendant’s submissions highlight
that the defendant is wrongly focused on whether Geyer Corporation disclosed
this liability to Valmont when closing the Sale. But that is an issue between
Valmont and Geyer Corporation and is not relevant to this suit.

51 In any event, the evidence is that the Bonus Payments were indicated in
documents conveyed to Valmont prior to the completion of the Sale. It was
recorded in the list titled “Remuneration & Entitlements Due up to and
including Friday 9 November 2018”, 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

AB 250.

which Valmont confirmed was received as of 12 November 2018, save that the
employee benefits would need to be assessed again on or immediately prior to
completion. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

AB 262, see row 7.

The outstanding bonus sum was also captured in the 2018 Consolidated
Management Accounts, sent to the Valmont’s solicitor on 20 November 2018. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

AB 258, see attachment, “Consolidation” at row 92, column “N”.

Someone on the Valmont side may have overlooked this disclosure and failed to
bring it to Mr Zalloua’s attention, but that does not mean that it was not
disclosed.

52 In summary, I find that the 2016 Bonus and 2017 Bonus were properly awarded
by the directors of Geyer Australia and Geyer Singapore and the plaintiff is
entitled to the Bonus Payments of $200,000.

Wrongful dismissal

53 The plaintiff claims against the defendant for wrongful dismissal. The
defendant in turn submits that it was entitled to summarily dismiss the
plaintiff, as the plaintiff had committed breaches as a director of Geyer
Australia and Geyer Singapore.

54 Clause 16 of the 2nd Employment Agreement states that the plaintiff may be
terminated immediately if he commits “an act of gross misconduct or otherwise
[engages] in any wilful or deliberate behaviour or conduct which is
inconsistent with [his] expressed or implied duties as an employee and which,
in Geyer’s good faith determination, renders [him] unfit for continued service
under this contract”. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

AB 8, p 83.

55 Clause 20 of the 2nd Employment Agreement states that the plaintiff’s
employment will be governed by the laws of Victoria, Australia. Both parties
thus called for expert evidence on the Australian legal position regarding
summary termination. Mr Michael Horton (“Mr Horton”) was the expert for the
plaintiff while Mr Daniel Moujalli (“Mr Moujalli”) was the expert for the
defendant. Prior to the hearing, they produced a Joint Expert Table, in
addition to their individual reports. They gave their evidence at trial
jointly, by way of hot tubbing.

56 The Australian law on summary termination, as put forth by Mr Moujalli and
accepted by Mr Horton, is whether the conduct of the employee is “destructive
of the necessary confidence between employer and employee” (Blyth Chemicals
Ltd v Bushnell (1933) 49 CLR 66 at 81; Concut Pty Ltd v Worell (2000) 176 ALR
693 at [25]). 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Joint Experts’ Table, p 8.

Both experts agree that clause 16 of the 2nd Employment Agreement is generally
in alignment with the position in common law concerning summary dismissal. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

NE 24/6/21 33, 35:3.

The conduct in question must still be such that it destroys the confidence
between the employee and employer. Such conduct could be wilful misconduct
that breaches the employment agreement. Negligence could suffice to warrant
summary termination if it irreparably damages the relationship of confidence.
75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Joint Experts’ Table, p 7.

But much depends on the circumstances of the case.

57 The defendant submits that the plaintiff committed three breaches which
justified his summary termination.

Understatement of WIP write-offs

58 First, the defendant submits that the plaintiff understated the WIP write-
offs in the Management Accounts conveyed to Valmont prior to the completion of
the sale. He misrepresented the Geyer Group’s financial position to satisfy
the Net Liabilities condition in the Share Sale Agreement. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Statement of Defence, Amendment 3 at para 14(m).

59 WIP is a measure of the unbilled work done by Geyer Group staff. WIP may
not eventually be converted into receivables, for example, where the value of
the unbilled work outstrips the contract value and the client does not agree
to a variation order. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

NE 17/6/20 50–51.

The defendant’s witness, Mr Adrian Power (“Mr Power”), who was the Financial
Controller of Geyer Australia, testified that WIP is provisioned for write-off
when the WIP would probably be unbillable or unrecoverable. The WIP changes
from month to month and the WIP stated on the Management Accounts is a
snapshot at the point of time of 31 October 2018. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

NE 23/6/21 16–17.

60 As a preliminary observation, to the extent that the defendant alleges that
the misrepresentation of WIP breaches the Net Liabilities condition of the
Share Sale Agreement, it is irrelevant to this suit. It is Geyer Corporation
and not the plaintiff that is a party to the Share Sale Agreement. Notably,
Valmont did not seek to set aside the Share Sale Agreement and went ahead with
the completion. Moreover, in an email dated 20 November 2018, the plaintiff
explained to Mr Calandra, copying Mr Zalloua, that the Management Accounts
would have required forecasting their accounting position. This is not the
case where the plaintiff represented that the Management Accounts would be
fully accurate. On the contrary, he forewarned the buyer, Valmont, that using
23 November 2018 as accounts settlement date “would mean Geyer is faced with
having to complete accounting information mid monthly cycle. This would
require forecasting the accounting position, which is not an exacting
process”. Geyer would have to use “accumulated monthly work-in-progress on 115
active projects as a proxy for revenue.” Assumptions would be made that the
supplier services invoices are those received to date. This “could
artificially distort the profit position” and is “certainly not a fully
accurate accounting position”. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

Adrian Power’s AEIC, Tab 1.

61 What is pertinent to this suit, is whether the plaintiff’s conduct in
relation to the WIP write-offs in the Management Accounts is “destructive of
the necessary confidence” between the plaintiff and the defendant. In this
respect, the defendant’s expert Mr Moujalli attested that the mere fact that
the WIP provisions for write-off has been understated does not necessarily
amount to negligence. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

NE 24/6/21 15-16.

The real question is whether the plaintiff took all reasonable steps available
to him to state the figures correctly. Whether he did so depends on whether
the plaintiff has taken a diligent and intelligent interest in the information
available to him, applied an inquiring mind to the responsibilities placed
upon him, took steps to understand and focus on the contents of the Management
Accounts, made further inquiries if such inquiries were called for and
reviewed the Management Accounts to ensure so far as possible and reasonable
that the information included was accurate. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Joint Expert’s Table at para 12.

If the plaintiff has taken such reasonable steps, he would not be in breach of
his duties of care and diligence to Geyer Australia under the laws of
Victoria, Australia.

62 Both the plaintiff and the defendant’s witness, Mr Power, testified that
the process of making WIP write-offs involves the project leaders, the CFO,
the financial controller and the CEO, and takes into account the assessment by
the project leaders who are more familiar with their respective business
accounts, to assess how much of the WIP can be recovered and if there is scope
for obtaining variation orders from clients. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

NE 15/6/21 100; Adrian Power’s AEIC at para 20.

In view of the Net Liabilities condition, in the lead up to the completion of
the Share Sale Agreement, the plaintiff took what he called a more
conservative approach, to “most accurately reflect the value of the
Defendant’s assets in the lead up to the sale”. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

Ross’s AEIC at para 103.7.

This was to immediately and directly write off WIP for projects instead of
provisioning for WIP write-off in the books.

63 The defendant’s case that the plaintiff misrepresented the WIP write-off
provisions in the Management Accounts, is significantly undermined by the
evidence of Mr Power, who was clearly the most familiar with the WIP issues
amongst the defendant’s witnesses. Mr Power affirmed that it was literally
impossible for the plaintiff to singlehandedly manipulate the provisions as at
31 October 2018, that the plaintiff did not deliberately misstate the WIP
write-off provisions and that as far as he is aware, there is nothing wrong
with the Management Accounts that the plaintiff put forward for the sale of
Geyer Corporation. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

NE 23/6/21 19, 39.

64 Furthermore, the defendant’s expert Mr Moujalli testified that where the
board had full and genuine knowledge in relation to the preparation of the
management, it would be difficult to say that the plaintiff’s conduct was
destructive of the relationship of confidence. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

NE 24/6/21 20.

Ms Watts, who was then the Chair of the Geyer Corporation, confirmed that
“[t]he WIP figures compiled for the purposes of the Sale were reviewed by
myself, the Plaintiff, the Geyer Group’s accountants”. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

Watt’s AEIC at at para 34.2.

The defendant asserted in their reply submissions that Ms Watts was not a
participant in the monthly WIP meetings and would not have known what was
discussed or how the plaintiff performed during the monthly WIP meetings. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

DRS at para 46(a).

However, no questions were put to Ms Watts by the defendant during cross-
examination to suggest that Ms Watts had not reviewed the WIP figures or was
unaware. That the Chair of the board of the defendant was aware of the
compilation of WIP figures in the Management Accounts and approved them
further undermines the defendant’s case that there was any misrepresentation
or deliberate concealment on the plaintiff’s part, or that his conduct was
“destructive of the necessary confidence between employer and employee”.

65 Neither is the defendant’s case supported by the specific examples cited.

66 For example, the defendant referred to a WIP report (“AP WIP report”)
generated by Mr Power, as evidence that there should have been an additional
AUD$301,498 written off as at 31 October 2018. Mr Power explained that unlike
the usual WIP estimation process which involves predictive uncertainty, the AP
WIP report was done with hindsight for the purposes of this suit, drawing on
past WIP data from October 2018 to May 2019. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

Adrian Power’s AEIC at para 32.

The AP WIP report utilises a new risk exposure rule, the 70% rule. This rule
was implemented in April 2021, four months before this trial. Under the 70%
rule, projects which have invoiced at least 70% of the contract value are
marked out. The projects are then further assessed on the WIP accrued, costs
to come and remaining amount to be invoiced, to determine if there is a risk
that the company would expend more than what it can invoice for. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

NE 23/6/21 53–59.

67 Given the background provided by Mr Power, it clear that the AP WIP report
does not assist the defendant’s case. First, as Mr Power himself attested, the
analysis in the AP WIP Report was done in hindsight and the information that
he drew on from Deltek Vision for the AP WIP Report, may not have been
considered to be accurate at the time of the October 2018 WIP review. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

Adrian Power’s AEIC at para 32.

But the test of the plaintiff’s diligence necessarily has to be on the basis
of what he did, using information available to him then around October 2018,
and not information that only became available thereafter.

68 Second, the 70% rule does not take into account the possibility of
variation orders, which could further reduce the amount for WIP write-offs.
That is still subject to a discussion between the CFO and the project leaders.
In other words, the additional AUD$301,498 write-off for October 2018 that Mr
Power assessed in the AP WIP report, could be further reduced after
considering variation orders. Mr Power accepted this. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

NE 23/6/21 59.

69 Third, Mr Power’s evidence suggests that for all the defendant’s objections
to the WIP process used by the plaintiff, the defendant continued with it
until at least April 2021. Mr Power’s evidence is that the 70% rule was only
introduced in April 2021 under Mr Zalloua when they were preparing the
affidavits for this suit. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

NE 23/6/21 53–54.

The plaintiff could not have conducted the WIP assessment exercise using this
rule in October 2018.

70 Mr Power was the defendant’s witness. His answers in re-examination are
thus telling. He was asked by the defence counsel, since he had earlier
testified that the Deltek Vision figures were reasonably accurate, whether
“this 300-odd thousand (referred to in the AP report) might well have been
included in the 31 October management accounts”, if the plaintiff had been
more careful. Mr Power’s answer was a qualified “[s]ome of the 300,000 may
have”. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

NE 23/6/21 49.

Notably, this question was premised on the use of Deltek Vision figures, which
as highlighted above, drew on more accurate information that became available
only post-October 2018, according to Mr Power. The plaintiff would not have
been privy to such information.

71 In response to a re-examination question that was more general and not
premised on the use of Deltek Vision figures, Mr Power was much more
circumspect: 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

NE 23/6/21 48–49.

Q: And would you agree that if Mr Moller had taken more care when reviewing
these WIP figures, he might have come to a conclusion that this additional
300,000 ought to be written off?

A: That’s a difficult question to answer. And the reason that’s difficult is
because the studio leaders would not give us confidence that, well, the costs
to complete projects were relevant and up to date, and previous months had
shown that in some cases they were, and some cases they weren’t. And we were
in this case, 31st of October, they were obviously more up to date than we
were led to believe.

72 Another example cited by the defendant to prove that there was a
misrepresentation is the fact that the WIP provisioned for write-off in
October 2018 (AUD$152,444) was much lower than that in October 2017
(AUD$578,747 ). 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

Marcel’s AEIC at para 44; AB 139.

However, the plaintiff has satisfactorily explained that this comparison is
not useful as the amount of WIP in October 2018 (AUD$815,304) was also much
lower than in October 2017 (AUD$1,845,336). On the stand, Mr Zalloua accepted
that these figures cannot be seen in isolation. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

NE 17/6/21 98.

Mr Power simply and categorically stated that they are “uncomparable”. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

NE 23/6/21 28.

73 The defendant also referred to the increase in WIP write-offs from October
2018 (AUD$152,444) to December 2018 (AUD$406,000) as another example of the
plaintiff understating the WIP provision. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

CB p 503.

However, the plaintiff has satisfactorily explained that staff would generally
be away for holiday around December and would not have put in the WIP until
they returned in January. There is therefore higher WIP write-off provision in
December. Moreover, the Geyer Group business was invoicing around
AUD$1m–AUD$1.4m a month, involving 120 employees of whom 100 were
practitioners. The change in numbers from October 2018 to December 2018 is not
large when seen in that context. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

NE 15/6/21 105-107.

74 The defendant also pointed to two specific projects, the Lagardere project
and the KWM Melbourne project, to show that the plaintiff misrepresented the
WIP write-off figures in the Management Accounts. For the Lagardere project,
there was no more additional work to be done and the entire WIP of
AUD$99,322.63 should have been written off (instead of the sum of AUD$66,105
provisioned for write-off) in October 2018. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

DCS at para 74.

The fact that the total amount of AUD$139,747.63 had to be written off for the
Lagardere Project in January 2019 proves this. For the KWM Melbourne project,
since the project was completed, the entire AUD$120,514 stated as WIP should
have been provisioned for a write-off in October 2018. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

DCS at para 77.

75 In respect of the Lagardere Project, the plaintiff explained that at the
end of October 2018, following consultation with the project leader, Ms Robyn
Lindsey (“Ms Lindsey”), who was an experienced project leader, they wrote off
two thirds of the project’s WIP. One third was not written off as Ms Lindsey
assessed that there was a possibility of securing variation orders. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

NE 15/6/21 87, 93–94.

The defendant submits that the plaintiff should not have relied on Ms
Lindsey’s assessment. But it is the evidence of not just the plaintiff, but
also the defendant’s witness Mr Power, that the WIP process involves the
assessment of project leaders who are more familiar with each project. It is
also the evidence of Mr Power that Ms Lindsey would be best placed to make the
judgment call on whether a variation order could have been obtained for the
Lagardere Project. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

NE 17/6/21 57.

76 In respect of the KWM Melbourne project, the plaintiff explained that there
were multiple projects across multiple locations. A lot of the work would be
replicated, and the project leader was seeking to recover some of the work
done on one project that would be replicated in other locations. This is
because most corporate services have the same fittings and design language.
The first project would potentially have an overrun because design standards
were being established and costs would be imposed on that project, but there
would be benefits in multiple flow-on projects in other locations. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

NE 15/6/21 81.

As at October 2018, the KWM Melbourne Project was an active project with 81.8%
complete based on the total amounts invoiced at the time. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

AB 230, the Excel Spreadsheet attached to the said document, see Tab “Exposure
& WIP Prov”, at row 41, column H.

Since it was active, it was reasonable to record the WIP for the KWM Melbourne
project as an asset. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

PRS at para 27–29.

77 In both the Lagardere Project and KWM Melbourne Project, the plaintiff
reached his decision after consultation with the project leaders who were most
familiar with the projects. Within the broader context of the WIP process in
Geyer Group and in the particular circumstances of the projects, I find that
the plaintiff was entitled to rely on the advice of his project leaders for
both projects.

78 Ultimately, the question of whether the plaintiff breached his duty in
understating the WIP write-off has to be assessed in the context of what the
WIP calculation entails and what it is intended for. The nub of the
defendant’s complaint is that the WIP in the Management Accounts was not
precise and accurate enough for the purposes of the Net Liabilities condition
of the Share Sale Agreement. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

DCS at para 81.

But as the plaintiff explained to Mr Calandra and Mr Zalloua in his email
dated 20 November 2018 (before the completion of the Sale), the WIP figures
rely on the accumulated monthly WIP on 115 active projects taken as proxy for
revenue, and is “certainly not a fully accurate accounting position”. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

Marcel’s AEIC, Tab 14.

It was not intended to be. It is most telling, that the defendant’s own
witness Mr Power, who is most familiar with the WIP issues, affirmed that the
plaintiff did not deliberately misstate the WIP write-off provisions and that
he was not aware of anything wrong with the Management Accounts that the
plaintiff put forward for the sale of Geyer Corporation. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

NE 23/6/21 19, 39.

79 In summary, for the reasons stated, I find that the plaintiff’s conduct in
respect of the WIP write-off provisions in the Management Accounts is not
“destructive of the necessary confidence” between the plaintiff and the
defendant.

Failure to keep minute books

80 The defendant submits that the plaintiff’s second breach that justified
summary termination is his failure to keep the statutorily required minute
books of the defendant and Geyer Australia for the financial years 2015–2017,
as required under s 189(1) of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed)
(“Companies Act”), and s 251A(5) of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth)
(“Corporations Act 2001”). I find no merit to this submission.

81 The defendant’s case is that the minute books were not readily available
and accessible to whomever was requesting for them. In support of their
position, the defendant points to the plaintiff’s response to Mr Zalloua when
he requested the plaintiff on 28 February 2019 to provide the board meeting
minutes of Geyer Australia from 2015 onwards. Mr Zalloua had been appointed a
director of Geyer Australia from 27 November 2018. The plaintiff responded
that he was not able to provide it as he did not have the sole authority to
provide “Geyer Corporation information” and asked Ms Watts to deal with Mr
Zalloua’s request. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

CB 565.

The plaintiff explained that this was because such minutes also contained
sensitive information relating to Geyer Corporation that were subject to non-
disclosure agreements with other parties, and Mr Zalloua was a third party at
that time to Geyer Corporation. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

NE 15/6/21 26.

The defendant argues that this shows that the minutes were never regarded as
the board meeting minutes of Geyer Australia. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

DRS at para 51.

82 I find that the board meetings of Geyer Australia and the defendant were
recorded in the meeting minutes and complied with the relevant statutory
provisions. First, the plaintiff’s witnesses, including Ms Watts who was the
Chair of the Geyer Group, have consistently testified that the board meetings
for Geyer Corporation, Geyer Australia and the defendant were held
concurrently for operational reasons. The minutes kept by Geyer Corporation
were also minutes of Geyer Australia and the defendant. Mr Zalloua also
accepted in cross-examination that when the relevant directors of the three
companies, namely Ms Watts, Mr Thornton-Smith and the defendant, sit on the
board meetings, the three companies could be regarded as having board meetings
at the same time. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

NE 17/6/21 46–47.

There is no requirement under Australian law that Geyer Australia needed to
hold separate board meetings from Geyer Corporation. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

Joint Experts’ Table at para 24.

Nor is it against the Companies Act for the defendant to hold its meetings
concurrently with the Geyer Corporation. While the defendant has pointed to
statutory provisions, namely s 251A(1) of the Corporations Act 2001, and s
188(1)(a) of the Companies Act, that require the keeping of minutes, it has
not pointed out any statutory provisions or case authority that prohibits the
defendant or Geyer Australia from keeping concurrent minutes when their board
meetings were conducted concurrently with Geyer Corporation. In any event, the
decision to keep concurrent minutes was not one for the plaintiff to make, but
for the Chair and the boards of Geyer Singapore and Geyer Australia to make.
Given that the Chair of the board of Geyer Group had decided to only adopt
concurrent minutes, the lack of separate board minutes cannot be attributed to
any breach of duty flowing from the plaintiff.

83 Second, the plaintiff has also testified that all statutorily required
minutes of the defendant were compiled and kept on the premises of the
defendant up till December 2016, and with Intertrust Singapore Corporate
Services Pte Ltd (the defendant’s professional corporate secretary) from 1
January 2017 onwards. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

NE 15/6/21 17.

There is no evidence that Intertrust, as the Corporate Secretary, has
complained that the defendant failed to send it statutory minutes for filing.
Nor is there evidence that the regulatory authorities in Singapore or
Australia have complained about the lack of filing of statutory minutes by
Geyer Singapore or Geyer Australia.

ATO Audit Notice

84 The defendant submits that the third breach by the plaintiff that justified
summary termination is his failure to disclose the ATO Audit Notice to the
other directors of Geyer Australia and Geyer Corporation or to Valmont. I find
no merit to this.

85 The plaintiff was notified of the ATO Audit Notice when he was copied in an
e-mail dated 26 November 2018 from Mr Power to Taria Wheeler (“Ms Wheeler”)
who handled payroll matters for the Geyer Group. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

Adrian Power’s AEIC, Tab 26.

Mr Power testified that he did not see the need to seek guidance from any of
the directors to deal with the ATO Notice, as he and Ms Wheeler knew what
needed to be done and were adequately positioned to deal with the ATO tax
audit. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

NE 23/6/21 38.

86 The plaintiff’s evidence is that he did not read Mr Power’s email then as
he was tied down with the sale completion matters. This was the day before the
completion of the Sale. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

NE 16/6/21 14.

Even if he had read the email at the time it was sent, he would not have done
anything different. In any event, he would have followed up by asking Mr Power
and Ms Wheeler to work on the ATO Audit Notice, which they were already doing.
I find this to be a reasonable explanation. The defendant has not adduced any
evidence that the plaintiff had wilfully or deliberately chosen not to
disclose the ATO Notice.

87 The defendant’s main concern is evidently that Geyer Corporation did not
disclose the ATO Notice to Valmont. But in so far as this suit is concerned,
both legal experts agreed that the plaintiff owes no duty to disclose the ATO
Notice to Valmont. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

Joint Experts’ Table at paras 31–36.

If there were any obligation to disclose, that obligation would have fallen on
Geyer Corporation who was the party to the Share Sale Agreement to Valmont,
and not on the plaintiff. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

Joint Experts’ Table at para 36.

Further, there was no complaint made by Valmont that Geyer Corporation had
failed to disclose the ATO Notice.

88 I therefore find that the plaintiff did not breach his duty as a director
in not disclosing the ATO Audit Notice to other directors or to Valmont.

89 As I have found that there are no grounds to the three alleged breaches of
duty committed by the plaintiff, I find that the defendant did not have a
basis to summarily terminate the plaintiff on 20 March 2019. The plaintiff is
therefore entitled to his salary due for the period of 20 March 2019 to 30
June 2019, in the amount of $73,271.11.

Retention bonus

90 The plaintiff’s case for the retention bonus of $5,000 is that Ms Geitz,
then CEO of the defendant, agreed on behalf of the defendant to this payment.
121

##### Foot Note 121

×

Ross’s AEIC at paras 88–90, Tab 10.

According to the plaintiff, there was an oral agreement entered into at the 26
February meeting between the plaintiff and Ms Geitz. In his email dated 26 Feb
2019 at 1.01pm, 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

CB at p 556.

the plaintiff sets out his understanding of this agreement. This includes the
retention bonus.

91 Ms Geitz replied to the plaintiff by email dated 26 February 2019 at
5.48pm. She says “[t]hanks for the summary below. Subsequent to the meeting,
here is the formal letter.” 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

AB 314.

Ms Geitz’s reply mentions the plaintiff’s summary but does not confirm it.
Instead, she refers to a letter, which is the Cessation of Employment Letter.
It states that the plaintiff will receive the relocation allowance but does
not mention the retention bonus. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

CB at p 559.

There is therefore no express agreement by the defendant to pay the plaintiff
the retention bonus. The plaintiff submits that Ms Geitz did not qualify the
plaintiff’s summary, but the fact is that her response to him was to issue the
Cessation of Employment letter, which did not contain mention of the retention
bonus. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

PCS at para 187.

In these circumstances, the fact that she did not detail in her email reply
what she accepted or rejected from the plaintiff’s summary, does not mean that
she agreed fully with it.

92 The position taken by the defendant in the Cessation of Employment Letter,
to exclude the Retention Bonus, is consistent with the evidence of Ms Watts,
who testified that the policy intent was not to include the plaintiff in the
Employee Retention Program since he had already indicated that he wanted to
leave at the end of his term under the 2nd Employment Agreement. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

NE 16/6/21 56.

93 I therefore find that the plaintiff is not entitled to the retention bonus
of $5,000.

Relocation allowances

94 In contrast, the Cessation of Employment Letter clearly states that the
plaintiff is entitled to the relocation allowances claimed by the plaintiff,
namely two economy class, one-way airfares from Singapore and relocation
moving costs of an amount equal to one month's salary. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

CB at p 542.

The internal correspondence of the defendant also took this position, in Ms
Robertson’s email dated 6 February 2019 to Mr Zalloua and in Ms Robertson’s
email dated 22 February 2019 to Ms Geitz copying Mr Zalloua. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

CB at pp 506, 540.

95 The defendant submits the subsequent email correspondence between the
plaintiff and Ms Robertson on 26 February 2019, 4 March 2019 and 5 March 2019
showed that no agreement had been reached with the defendant as to the
payments to be made to the plaintiff. 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

CB Tabs 66, 67, 71; Zalloua’s AEIC at Tab 60.

However, there is nothing in these correspondence that contradicts the
Cessation of Employment Letter. In the 26 February 2019 email of 6.42pm, the
plaintiff encloses a list of role transition matters for another Geyer staff.
In his email of 4 March 2019, the plaintiff asks if there will be a response
to his request for a payment plan for accrued remuneration. In his email of 5
March 2019, the plaintiff states that he is offering a payment plan rather
than to seek immediate payment “as a personal offer to help Geyer
progressively fulfil this commitment” to him.

96 The defendant also submits that there was no agreement in the Cessation of
Employment Letter to pay the plaintiff the relocation allowances, as the
letter meant that the relocation allowances would be paid only if the
plaintiff was so entitled under the 2nd Employment Agreement. However, the
letter does not have such a caveat. It informs the plaintiff in plain language
that he “will receive repatriation allowances as outlined in your employment
contract of:” and then specifies such entitlements, including “2 x economy
class, one-way airfares from Singapore” and “[r]elocation moving costs of an
amount equal to one month’s salary”. There was clearly an explicit agreement
on the part of the defendant to pay the plaintiff the relocation allowances.
It is also the evidence of Mr Zalloua that he considered the relocation
allowances to be payable as of 6 February 2019 when Ms Robertson emailed him
about this. In response to the question what changed between then and now, he
testified that the plaintiff “was terminated and to—still in Singapore.” 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

NE 17/6/2021 109–110.

97 The defendant’s remaining objection is that the plaintiff has not left
Singapore, he had always intended to remain in Singapore, and he could have
conducted litigation in this suit from Australia instead of Singapore. 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

DCS at para 143.

On this, I accept the plaintiff’s evidence that he intends to return to
Australia but has remained in Singapore purely for the purposes of seeing out
this case. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

NE 15/6/21 58.

98 I therefore award the plaintiff his claim for relocation allowances, which
is for the cost of two economy class, one-way airfares from Singapore to
Sydney, Australia in the amount of $2500 and relocation costs equivalent to
one month’s salary in the amount of $21,637.50.

Conclusion

99 In conclusion, I find that the plaintiff is entitled to his claims for the
Bonus Payments, the relocation allowances and the salary that he would have
been paid if he were not summarily dismissed. The plaintiff is also entitled
to his claim for interest, at the rate of 5.33% per annum pursuant to s 12(1)
of the Civil Law Act (Cap 43, 1999 Rev Ed) for the claims allowed, from the
date of service of the writ till the date of judgment.

100 I will hear parties on cost.

Kwek Mean Luck  
Judicial Commissioner |   
---|---  
  
Lim Yee Ming, Chan Qing Rui Bryan (Chen Qingrui) (Kelvin Chia Partnership) for
the plaintiff;

Tham Wei Chern, Wang Chunhua (Fullerton Law Chambers LLC) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 17 Sep 2021 (12:11 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

