Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC 128

Suit No 868 of 2019 (Registrar’s Appeals 53 and 54 of 2021)

Between

(1)| Ooi Say Peng  
---|---  
(2)| Josephine Tay Siok Leng  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

(1)| Koh Kai Chuan Raymond  
---|---  
(2)(3)(4)(5)(6)(7)| Toh Lay Keng, VivienHup Soon Loong Construction Pte LtdGan
Geok San (trading as D’arclub Architects)Chu Chiang YongZPT Engineering
ServicesWee Joon Kin  
  
… Defendants

EX TEMPORE JUDGMENT

[Civil Procedure] — [Pleadings] — [Striking out]

[Injunctions] — [Mandatory injunction]

[Tort] — [Breach of statutory duty]

[Tort] — [Negligence]

[Tort] — [Nuisance]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Ooi Say Peng and another

  

v

  

Koh Kai Chuan Raymond and others

[2021] SGHC 128

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 868 of 2019 (Registrar’s Appeals
53 and 54 of 2021)  
Philip Jeyaretnam JC  
18 March, 10 May 2021

27 May 2021 Judgment reserved.

Philip Jeyaretnam JC:

Introduction

1 These appeals concern the fourth, fifth and sixth defendants’ applications
to strike out all of the claims against them contained in the plaintiffs’
Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) filed on 12 January 2020 (“SOC”).

Background

2 The plaintiffs are the owners of a property at 17 Richards Avenue Singapore
(“17RA”). They are aggrieved by what they say happened when the first and
second defendants carried out structural works (“the Redevelopment Works”) on
the neighbouring property (“19RA”). The first and second defendants are the
owners of 19RA. 17RA and 19RA share a party wall. The plaintiffs allege that
the party wall was improperly hacked in or about November 2013 and that this
resulted in, broadly, cracking within 17RA, water leaks and a compromise of
the structural integrity and safety of the party wall and of their own
building at 17RA. For the purpose of this decision, I use the word “hacking”
in its various grammatical forms to encompass the plaintiffs’ various
allegations in relation to interference with the party wall, which is
sometimes described as embedment or recessing of structures, tampering or
removal, in addition to the word “hacking”.

3 The matter was investigated by the Building and Construction Authority which
required information and reports from the qualified persons, ie the fourth and
fifth defendants. The fourth defendant was the qualified person for
architectural works under Building Control Act s 8(1). The fifth defendant was
the qualified person for civil and structural engineering works under Building
Control Act s 8(1). The sixth defendant is a partnership firm of which the
fifth defendant is a partner. Following this investigation, the Redevelopment
Works continued to completion. The Temporary Occupation Permit (“TOP”) in
respect of 19RA was granted on 3 May 2017, and the Certificate of Statutory
Completion (“CSC”) followed on 31 January 2019. The plaintiffs say that the
grant of TOP and CSC was made on the basis of various omissions and false
statements by the fourth, fifth and sixth defendants. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

See, for instance, the particulars at SOC para 80(o), (p), (q), (r) and (s),
as well as para 86.

4 The plaintiffs filed the writ of summons in this action on 31 August 2019,
about two months before the expiry of six years from the original incident.
Not satisfied with pursuing a claim against the first and second defendants,
or just additionally against the contractor, who is the third defendant, the
plaintiff included the fourth, fifth and sixth defendants too, as well as the
Resident Technical Officer as the seventh defendant. These appeals concern
only the fourth, fifth and sixth defendants.

5 The SOC runs to 73 pages. The plaintiffs plead Land Titles Act s 104(2),
which statutorily implies cross easements between the neighbours who each own
part of the party wall “to have the whole wall continue in such a manner that
each building supported thereby will have the support of the whole wall”. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

SOC para 13.

This, together with an averment that the party wall rights are endorsed on the
titles of both 17RA and 19RA, appears to be the basis for the plea against the
first and second defendants of “a non-delegable duty to observe and abide by
the party wall rights and not to remove and/or withdraw and/or compromise the
support of the Party Wall”. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

SOC para 10.

It is unclear why the obligation is described in this way rather than simply
adopting the terminology of an easement for support. The natural remedy of the
plaintiffs, if their grievance is made out, would be to seek a mandatory
injunction for the first and second defendants to restore the support,
allegedly lost as a result of the work done on their part of the party wall,
so as to prevent further damage from occurring. I would note that the right as
between neighbours under their cross easements is not that the party wall must
remain exactly as it has always been but rather that it must be capable of
providing support.

The plaintiff’s claim against the fourth, fifth and sixth defendants

6 Turning to the claim against the fourth, fifth and sixth defendants, the
plaintiffs plead that the design intent of the structural plans for the
Redevelopment Works did not include any hacking of the party wall. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

SOC para 31.

However, they allege that, when the works were carried out, such hacking in
fact took place, and caused damage to the structural elements of the party
wall resulting in “loss of support and/or withdrawal/removal of support”. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

SOC para 75.

In the same paragraph, they also assert their entitlement to the continued
support of the whole party wall by reason of their party wall rights.

7 The causes of action relied upon against the fourth, fifth and sixth
defendants are in negligence, breach of statutory duty and nuisance. In the
negligence and breach of statutory duty claims, there are broadly three
aspects to the plaintiffs’ allegations. The first is that the fourth, fifth
and sixth defendants “caused and/or permitted unauthorised building and
structural works”. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

SOC para 48.

The second is of negligent supervision of the works. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

SOC para 49.

The third is of failure to investigate the matters raised by the plaintiffs. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

SOC para 43.

8 None of these aspects is entirely straightforward. The first aspect,
notwithstanding the length of the pleadings, is just a bare averment.
Elsewhere, the plea of hacking of the party wall is made against the first,
second and third defendants only. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

See, for instance, SOC para 76.

Indeed, pleading that the fourth, fifth and sixth defendants caused the
hacking is contradicted by the plea that the design intent of the approved
plans was not to involve any hacking.

9 In relation to the second aspect, even if the fourth, fifth and sixth
defendants were under a duty to the first and second defendants to supervise
the work of the third defendant, that does not of itself mean that they were
under the same duty to the plaintiffs. Despite or perhaps because of their
length, the pleadings are not clear. Moreover, at times, the plaintiffs’
pleadings seem to slide towards the proposition that the fourth, fifth and
sixth defendants were under a duty to stop the third defendant from causing
damage to the plaintiffs, a proposition that would be hard to establish.

10 In relation to the third aspect, it is unclear on the facts pleaded how, if
a duty to investigate after the event existed, this duty was breached, or how
this breach resulted in further damage. Certainly, any subsequent failure to
investigate did not cause the original alleged damage.

11 Most striking about the claim is that the loss has not been reduced into
financial terms. While there is a sweep-up prayer for damages, this appears as
the twelfth item of relief, following claims for three declarations and eight
mandatory injunctions. Seeking mandatory injunctions may not be unusual where
there is a claim to restore loss of support removed by the owner of a
neighbouring property that is subject to an easement (although some of the
prayers, such as prayer (j), plainly go beyond any question of restoring the
allegedly lost support). But it is highly unusual in a claim against
construction professionals. It is highly unusual because ordinarily where work
done has caused water seepage or leaks, cracks or compromise of structural
integrity, the typical remedy would be to claim the cost of rectification to
resolve these issues. The question I have to answer is whether it is not
merely untypical but unsustainable in law to order a tortfeasor to repair
something he has damaged in the past rather than to award damages, in the
absence of any plea of a future wrong threatened by or presumed against the
tortfeasor, and where the tortfeasor does not own or control any potential
source of future damage. The explanation (given during oral argument) for
seeking mandatory injunctions as the primary remedy is that any such works,
and even proper preparatory investigation, would require access to 19RA, which
according to the second plaintiff (who is herself a lawyer, and argued these
appeals) has not been forthcoming.

12 I understand the grievance and frustration of the second plaintiff. She has
lived with the aftermath of the incident for close to eight years as of the
hearing. However, what is immediately apparent is that the core of the claim
is the easement for support operating against the first and second defendants
as owners of 19RA. Layering on additional claims against the fourth, fifth and
sixth defendants has created a complexity that threatens to derail the
efficient and expeditious determination of the dispute. This case would
benefit from case management both by counsel and by the court. Case management
is not the subject of these appeals and will have to wait for another
occasion. Nonetheless, considerations of whether the state of the pleadings
may prejudice, embarrass or delay the fair trial of the action are relevant at
this stage. Clarifying the available remedies may also have a beneficial
effect on the conduct of these proceedings.

Whether and to what extent the claims against the fourth, fifth and sixth
defendants should be struck out

13 The subject of these appeals is only whether all or part of the claims
against the fourth, fifth and sixth defendants should be struck out. This
depends on whether they are unarguable and unsustainable.

14 I consider that the seeking of mandatory injunctions against the fourth,
fifth and sixth defendants as prayed for in prayers (d) through (k) of the SOC
is wholly unarguable and unsustainable and should be struck out.

15 The pleading of the prayers for mandatory injunctions does not specify the
fourth, fifth and sixth defendants. Instead, in those prayers other than (j),
the fourth, fifth and sixth defendants would fall within the phrase “and/or
such other Defendants as this Honourable Court deems fit”. In prayer (j), the
phrase within which the fourth, fifth and sixth defendants fall is “all the
Defendants and/or one or more of them”. Hence, the striking out would have to
be effected by introducing words excluding the fourth, fifth and sixth
defendants from all these prayers.

16 The action continues against the fourth, fifth and sixth defendants for
damages.

17 I will now set out brief reasons for striking out the claims for mandatory
injunctions as against the fourth, fifth and sixth defendants, and then brief
reasons for not striking out the remaining causes of action against them,
namely in negligence and breach of statutory duty. I will lastly deal with the
pleadings in relation to trespass and nuisance. In relation to nuisance, there
are parts of the pleading that are embarrassing and which I strike out.

The mandatory injunctions

18 Essentially, adopting the letters of the respective prayers concerned, the
plaintiffs seek mandatory injunctions for the fourth, fifth and sixth
defendants to:

(d) remove certain structures said to have been wrongly recessed into the
party wall and restore the party wall to its prior condition;

(e) submit to the plaintiffs for their consideration and agreement proper
investigation reports and method statements;

(f) waterproof and plaster the plaintiffs’ side of the party wall;

(g) remove Styrofoam said to be stuffed in a gap between 17RA and 19RA and
remove or close up the gap;

(h) remove the recessed columns and beams wrongly embedded in the party wall
and an alleged encroaching beam;

(i) investigate and make good various cracks within 17RA;

(j) make good all the damage sustained in 17RA; and

(k) take immediate temporary/interim water protection measures to prevent and
stop further ingress or leakage of water.

19 A striking feature of these prayers is that what is sought is painted in
the broadest of possible brush-strokes. Indeed, the first step that the
plaintiffs seek to compel is a “proper and full investigation”, with
investigation reports and proposed method statements to be submitted for the
plaintiffs’ consideration and agreement. The prayers as they stand are far too
imprecise for orders to be made under threat of proceedings for contempt. They
invite the court to enter into a long period of judicial supervision over
whether its orders have been complied with, as opposed to the simple finality
and end to litigation that an award of damages affords.

20 There is an even more fundamental objection. Where an architect or engineer
has caused damage to the property of another through his past negligence or
breach of statutory duty, his liability lies in damages if at all. He cannot
be ordered personally to repair or make good what he has damaged, any more
than a surgeon, who has caused injury to a patient through negligent surgery,
will be ordered to remedy that injury by operating on that injured person.
Even where non-repair may result in further damage to the wronged party’s
property, the tortfeasor will not be ordered to undertake the repair of such
property himself. Take the example of a car that is dented in an accident, and
which may rust, allow the ingress of water and cause damage to other parts of
the car if not repaired. The person who negligently caused the accident will
not be ordered to repair the dent. Indeed, on ordinary principles, the wronged
party must mitigate his loss by repairing damaged and deteriorating parts of
his own property promptly. If he does not do so he would not be able to
recover compensation for the reasonably avoidable further loss.

21 This differs from the vindication of a property right such as an easement,
where the mandatory injunction is ordered against the owner of the servient
property to comply with his obligation under that easement and put an end to
the infringement of the property right. It is the owner of the servient
tenement who owns the property in question, whether it is a structure
providing support or a stretch of land affording a right of way. It is because
he owns the property, that the remedy may be for him to carry out remedial or
preventative works. The wronged party is not in a position to do such work,
because it is not on his own land. Even in that situation the court would have
to consider what would be the fair result as a matter of discretion, and
whether damages should be ordered in lieu of a mandatory injunction.

22 In relation to the claims brought against the fourth, fifth and sixth
defendants, the remedy of a mandatory injunction is not available as a matter
of principle. They are tortfeasors, not owners of a servient tenement. As far
as the fourth, fifth and sixth defendants are concerned, their alleged
wrongful conduct lies wholly in the past. There is no plea of any threatened
or presumed future wrong on their part. Following the grant of the CSC, the
fourth, fifth and sixth defendants have no current or future work to undertake
in relation to 19RA. The loss pleaded by the plaintiffs can be compensated for
in money, which the plaintiffs can use to effect repairs or as reimbursement
for repairs already done, or even potentially to compensate for loss of
amenity or diminution in value. There is no reason that the works sought by
the plaintiffs must be considered, planned, designed and carried out
specifically by the fourth, fifth and sixth defendants, rather than by other
architects or engineers.

23 It is worth noting that the scheme of the Building Control Act permits a
qualified person to resign: see s 9(5). The owner who has engaged the
qualified person may have a claim in damages against the qualified person if
he resigns in breach of his terms of engagement, but he is not able to obtain
specific performance and must engage a replacement qualified person. If the
owner cannot compel a qualified person to act against his will, a fortiori the
owner’s neighbour cannot do so.

24 If the plaintiffs say that their intention is that the fourth, fifth and
sixth defendants may pay others to carry out the works on their behalf, and so
there would be no compulsion of personal service, then that point necessarily
concedes that damages would be an adequate remedy. Inasmuch as the fourth,
fifth and sixth defendants could pay for someone to repair the plaintiffs’
damaged property, or waterproof their home, then the plaintiffs could do so,
and claim the cost as damages.

25 The plaintiffs’ argument that mandatory injunctions are needed because they
do not have any right of access to 19RA for works and investigations does not
explain, let alone justify, why joint and several mandatory injunctions
binding the fourth, fifth and sixth defendants should be granted. The fourth,
fifth and sixth defendants are likewise not in a position to gain unilateral
access for themselves to 19RA. It would not be possible for the fourth, fifth
and sixth defendants to perform these injunctions without the cooperation of
the first and second defendants (where the work would be done on the first and
second defendants’ property), and, for compliance with some parts of the
orders sought, the cooperation of the plaintiffs themselves (where the
intended repairs would be of the plaintiffs’ own property). This provides
another reason why the law of negligence does not mandate injunctions to
investigate and repair as a remedy for past damage caused to another’s
property.

26 Turning back to whether the alleged breaches of statutory duty would found
the mandatory injunctions sought, I hold that they do not, for the same
reasons that I have outlined in relation to the tort of negligence. What
remains arguable is that there may be a private right of action sounding in
damages, with the scope and extent of that duty, and the damage caused by any
breach of such duty, remaining to be considered. What is not sustainable is
the suggestion that a qualified person can be ordered to investigate or make
repairs by way of a mandatory injunction in a private action.

The causes of action

27 I decline to strike out the causes of action in negligence and statutory
duty. The existence and scope of the duty of care is best determined at trial.
The question whether the statutory duty on a qualified person appointed in
respect of a building project on one plot of land under Building Control Act s
9 affords a civil remedy in damages to the owner of a neighbouring plot is
also best determined at trial.

28 In relation to nuisance, the SOC pleads it only against the first and
second defendants. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

SOC paras 91 and 92.

This is what one would expect, as the tort of nuisance lies against an
occupier of land. However, the plaintiffs draw the fourth, fifth and sixth
defendants into the nuisance claim by saying that they “knew or know or ought
to have known, that the creation and existence of the Gap” would result in
water seepage and leakage (SOC para 91), and then asserting that they “have
failed to make good” the damage so as “to abate the nuisance” (SOC para 95).
The source of the alleged duty on the fourth, fifth and sixth defendants to
abate a nuisance alleged against the first and second defendants is not
specified. These references made to the fourth, fifth and sixth defendants in
connection with the cause of action in nuisance are unsustainable if they are
meant to found a claim against them in nuisance and embarrassing if they are
included for some other purpose. Accordingly, paras 91 and 95 of the SOC must
be amended to remove references to the fourth, fifth and sixth defendants.

29 Finally, I note that the cause of action in trespass is not pleaded against
the fourth, fifth and sixth defendants. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

SOC para 97.

Conclusion

30 Accordingly, I allow the appeal in part, and order that SOC paras 91 and 95
and prayers (d) through (k) be amended to remove references to the fourth,
fifth and sixth defendants.

31 My decision eliminates or reduces the prejudice, embarrassment and delay to
the fair trial of the dispute between the plaintiffs and the fourth, fifth and
sixth defendants created by the pleadings, in particular the prayers for
mandatory injunctions against them. It will aid the just, efficient and
expeditious resolution of these proceedings if the plaintiffs proceed to
quantify their claims. The plaintiffs should certainly be able to quantify the
cost of making their premises waterproof and structurally sound, as well as
the cost of repairing or replacing the various items of alleged damage to
their own property. It would require compelling expert evidence to establish
that it would be impossible to make 17RA waterproof and structurally safe
without access to 19RA, as opposed to such work just being more expensive.
Nonetheless, nothing in my decision stops the plaintiffs from proceeding with
their claims for mandatory injunctions against defendants other than the
fourth, fifth and sixth defendants, as these appeals only involve the fourth,
fifth and sixth defendants.

32 I will now hear parties on costs.

Philip Jeyaretnam  
Judicial Commissioner|  
---|---  
  
Edwin Lee Peng Khoon (Eldan Law) (instructed) and Tay Siok Leng Josephine
(Josephine Tay & Co) for the plaintiffs;

Choa Sn-Yien Brendon and Lim Jia Xin Kimberly (Patrick Ong Law LLC) for the
fourth defendant;

Gokulamurali s/o Haridas, Linisha Kapur Supramaniam and Ng Si Xuan Sancia
(Tito Isaac & Co LLP) for the fifth and sixth defendants;

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 May 2021 (15:37 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

