Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the Family justice courts of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHCF 30

Suit No 4 of 2021

Between

VTL  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| VTM  
---|---  
(2)| VTN  
  
… Defendants

judgment

[Succession And Wills] — [Mutual wills]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
VTL

  
v

  

VTM and another

[2021] SGHCF 30

General Division of the High Court (Family Division) — Suit No 4 of 2021  
Choo Han Teck J  
6 July 2021, 10 August 2021

20 August 2021 Judgment reserved.

Choo Han Teck J:

1 On 8 March 2001, the Father, then aged 68 and his wife (“the Mother”), then
aged 64, executed mutual wills (“the Mutual Wills”) before their lawyer Wan
Fairuz bin Wan Hussin of Messrs William Lai & Alan Wong. Wan Fairuz and his
secretary Sim Poh Tian signed as witnesses to the Wills. The Mother was only
conversant in Chinese so Sim Poh Tian acted as the interpreter for her and Wan
Fairuz. The testator and testatrix have five children, namely, the three
daughters, VTM, VTJ, and VTN, and their sons, VTC and VTL.

2 A couple of years after executing the Wills, the Mother was diagnosed with
breast cancer in 2003. She was treated successfully and her condition was in
remission until about 2017 or 2018. The Father, however, died in 2004 of
pneumonia, at the age of 71. The authenticity of the Mutual Wills is not
disputed. It is also not disputed that the original Wills were kept by VTL,
the son.

3 The Father’s Will did not seem to be important because the entire family
assumed that all the assets devolved upon the matriarch the Mother.
Circumstances changed only in 2019 when the Mother died on 25 September 2019
aged 82. It then transpired that she had executed another will on 5 April 2017
(“the 2017 Will”) before a lawyer, Mimi Oh. The Mother was brought to see Mimi
Oh by VTM, the daughter with who had regularly accompanied her to the doctors
around the time her cancer returned. The witnesses were not certain, but that
would be around 2017 or 2018.

4 VTL then recalled that he had possession of the Mutual Wills. Under the
terms of the Mutual Wills, the Father and the Mother agreed not to alter the
terms of the Wills. The estate has a net value of $356,344.01, of which the
bulk comprise the flat that the Mother stayed in (estimated at $350,000).

5 Under the Mutual Wills, VTL who his sisters described as their parents’
favourite child, gets 35%. VTC’s son, VTE, gets 35%. The three daughters get
10% each. VTL and the first defendant VTM were named the executors and
trustees of the Mutual Wills. The testator and testatrix’s son, VTC received
nothing. Clause 2 of the Mother’s Mutual Will also provide that the Mutual
Wills are irrevocable.

6 Under the 2017 Will, the Mother appointed VTM and VTN as the executors and
trustees of the 2017 Will. Under this 2017 Will, all of the Mother’s
properties were bequeathed to the two executors and trustees equally. Their
siblings, namely VTL, VTC, and VTJ were to receive one dollar ($1) each.
Hence, the difference in beneficial interests under the mutual Wills and the
2017 Will is substantial.

7 Given the existence of the mutual Wills of 2001 and the 2017 Will of the
mother, VTL filed this suit for a declaration that the mutual Will of the
mother executed with the father in 2001 was the last Will and testament of the
mother, and that the grant of probate to VTM and VTN in respect of the 2017
Will be revoked, and for various ancillary and consequential orders. The
defendant sisters in this action counter-claimed for an order that the 2017
Will was the last Will and testament of the Mother.

8 From the beginning to the end, the defendants’ case is based on suspicious
circumstances, or that the Mutual Wills were not properly explained to the
Father and Mother, and were not approved by them. They say that neither parent
knew enough English (and in the case of the Mother, none at all) to have made
their Mutual Wills. They seem to think that because the Mutual Wills were made
in the presence of the plaintiff who is a beneficiary, the Mutual Wills must
be invalid. Counsel for the defendants submitted that the plaintiff’s claim
that the first defendant was present was refuted by the solicitor Wan Fairuz
at the trial. The first defendant also denied that she was present. Counsel
also submitted that the terms of the mutual Wills were unusual and complex and
that there was no evidence to show that they were explained to the testator
and testatrix. Finally, counsel submitted that the medical memos certifying
that the Father and the Mother were of sound mind were dated 5 March 2001 when
the Wills were executed on 8 March 2001, and that the said medical memos were
not prepared by a psychiatrist as the medical memo was prepared by a general
practitioner, one Mr Teh.

9 Wan Fairuz and his secretary, Sim Poh Tian, testified before me. They
testified that the event was too far in time for them to remember details but
as to the main issues, both recall clearly that they had not deviated from
their standard practices, namely, that Wan Fairuz would satisfy himself that
the clients knew what they were there for and what they wanted done. Once he
was satisfied, and in this case, that the couple wanted to make Wills in
identical terms, he (Wan Fairuz) would invite other persons to leave his room
so that he can take detailed instructions from his clients. He also testified
that he had a practice of excluding the beneficiaries from any discussion
about the contents of a will. In this case, he would have excluded the
plaintiff from the room while he discussed with the testator and testatrix.
If, as in this case, the clients do not understand English but are conversant
in Chinese, Sim Poh Tian would be called upon to translate.

10 Sim Poh Tian testified largely to the same effect. She could not recall the
details, but upon seeing her signature on the Mutual Will, she had no doubt
that she would have translated the document to the clients. Neither Wan Fairuz
nor Sim Poh Tian recalled anything remarkable about the Mutual Wills of the
Father and the Mother to suggest that there were any deviations from their
standard practice.

11 Wan Fairuz impressed me as a lawyer who is competent, careful, and
restrained. The Wills seem to be properly drawn up and executed. Bearing in
mind that he was twenty years younger when he saw his clients, I do not see
any evidence that indicates that Wan Fairuz’s evidence should not be accepted.
Likewise, twenty years since, Sim Poh Tian strikes a calm and dispassionate
demeanour, and her evidence is that of a witness who was describing a job that
she had been accustomed to do. I therefore have no hesitation in accepting the
evidence of Wan Fairuz and Sim Poh Tian.

12 At the same time, I find no evidence that I can rely on to hold that the
Mutual Wills are invalid. They had been validly executed in all respects.
There is no requirement that a medical certificate must be issued on the same
date as the making of a will. Indeed, no medical certificate is necessary save
that in cases where there are grounds to suspect that the testator is mentally
unsound, evidence such as a medical certificate will be helpful. In this case,
nothing suggests that in the space of the three days between the certification
and the execution of the Wills, the mental capacity of both parties had
deteriorated to the extent that a fresh certificate would have been necessary.
The Father lived on for another three years, and the Mother even longer.
During that time, none of the children had found either parent to be mentally
unsound.

13 Other than a claim of mental unsoundness, the only other avenue open to the
defendants to challenge the Wills is to show that the testator and testatrix
acted under undue duress or undue influence. In this regard, there is not a
shred of evidence to even hint that either one of them made his or her Will
under such circumstances. There were no suspicious circumstances to speak of
in the first place. Mere presence at the solicitor’s office is not sufficient
proof of anything save presence. The fact that the plaintiff was present is no
different from the fact that the first defendant was present when the Mother
made the 2017 Will. That the plaintiff who is a beneficiary was present at the
making of the mutual Wills also does not indicate an irregularity in the
making of the mutual Wills.

14 It is not disputed that after the Father died, the Mutual Wills that were
left with the plaintiff for safe keeping were not produced. Left unexplained,
that may be remarkable, but I accept the plaintiff’s explanation that when the
Father died, his widow, the Mother and all the children assumed that
everything owned by the Father would devolve to his widow, the Mother. The
evidence shows that that was indeed the case. That was why the question of
inheritance and the Wills become an issue only after the Mother died. The
plaintiff also testified that because nothing extraordinary would have
affected the Father’s estate, he (the plaintiff) forgot about the Mutual
Wills. And he was not the only one. The Mother also seemed to have forgotten.
If she forgot because of an unsoundness of mind, then her capacity to execute
the 2017 Will would also have been suspect on that count.

15 Comparing the Mutual Wills against the one made by the Mother in 2017, it
would seem odd that if the plaintiff had wanted to influence his parents for
his own benefit that he would have them add the first defendant as a co-
executrix. Furthermore, the terms under the Mutual Wills, though not equal,
are fairer than the terms of the Mother’s 2017 Will in which three of her
children would receive only a dollar each. Reading all the Wills together, if
there had been any undue influence on the Mother, it would have been in
respect of the 2017 Will and not the Mutual Will. Counsel for the defendants
submitted that the case of Chee Mu Lin Muriel v Chee Ka Lin Caroline (Chee
Ping Chian Alexander and another, interveners) [2010] 4 SLR 373 is similar to
this case, but there is no evidence here that it was the plaintiff who
procured the Mutual Wills, no evidence that the plaintiff suggested the terms
to the Mother, or had instructed the solicitor to draft the Mutual Wills.
There is only the bare assertion by the defendant that the instructions came
from the Father and the plaintiff. The defendants suggest that because the
plaintiff was involved in the interpretation of the Mother’s instructions, the
plaintiff was therefore involved in giving instructions. The two are entirely
different. Furthermore, there is no allegation that the plaintiff had
misinterpreted the Mother’s instructions, or that the Mother did not give
those instructions herself. In any event, as I find, Ms Sim was present and it
was she who interpreted the Mutual Wills to the Mother after the lawyer had
drafted them.

16 I find that there is no evidence of any undue influence. I am of the view
that the Mutual Wills had been forgotten, but now that they are found, they
must take precedence over the 2017 Will of the Mother. I therefore grant an
order in terms of prayers (a) to (f) of the plaintiff’s claim. I will hear the
question of costs at a later date if parties are unable to agree costs.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge of the High Court

Chuah Hui Fen Christine, Zikri Muzammil (Hin Tat Augustine & Partners) for the
plaintiff;  
Chiok Beng Piow Andy, Lee Hui Zhen Margaret (AM Legal LLC) for the defendants.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 20 Aug 2021 (15:08 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

