Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC 229

Originating Summons No 51 of 2021

Between

| Year Sun Chemitanks Terminal Corp  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| Gunvor Singapore Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

grounds of decision

[Arbitration] — [Award] — [Recourse against award] — [Setting aside]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Year Sun Chemitanks Terminal Corp

  
v

  

Gunvor Singapore Pte Ltd

[2021] SGHC 229

General Division of the High Court — Originating Summons No 51 of 2021  
S Mohan JC  
21, 26 April 2021

13 October 2021

S Mohan JC:

Introduction

1 Originating Summons No 51 of 2021 (“OS 51”) concerned an application by the
plaintiff to set aside Singapore International Arbitration Centre (“SIAC”)
Award No. 161 of 2020 (the “Award”) rendered by an arbitrator in SIAC
Arbitration Nos. 360 and 361 of 2018. The plaintiff alleged breaches of the
rules of natural justice by the arbitrator in the making of the Award.

2 I heard OS 51 on 21 April 2021. On 26 April 2021, I dismissed OS 51 with
costs, delivering oral grounds containing brief reasons for my decision. As
the plaintiff has appealed against my decision, I now set out the grounds for
my decision in full.

3 For completeness, in Originating Summons No. 1311 of 2020 (“OS 1311”), the
OS 51 defendant (as the plaintiff in OS 1311) applied for and obtained leave
to enforce the Award in Singapore as a judgment of the court, and thereafter
filed garnishee proceedings seeking to garnish monies held by the SIAC as part
of a deposit paid by the OS 51 plaintiff in the arbitration proceedings. In
tandem with OS 51, the OS 51 plaintiff (as the defendant in OS 1311) filed
HC/SUM 1352/2021 (“SUM 1352”) seeking, inter alia, an adjournment of all
further proceedings in OS 1311 pending the final disposal of OS 51. Following
my dismissal of OS 51, I also dismissed SUM 1352. There has been no appeal
against my decision in SUM 1352.

Factual background

Background to the dispute

4 The plaintiff is a company incorporated in Taiwan while the defendant is a
company incorporated in Singapore. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Terrence Chiu Ying Terng’s 1st Affidavit dated 21 January 2021 at paras 18–19.

The parties had, from May 2018 to September 2018, an “amicable working
relationship” during which six sale and purchase agreements for gasoil of
various quantities, ranging from 9,588.743 metric tons (“MT”) to 13,930.843
MT, were executed without any problems. The plaintiff thus decided “to
increase the volume of gasoil to be ordered under the seventh and eighth
agreements” dated 8 October 2018 (the “First Contract”) and 19 October 2018
(the “Second Contract”) respectively (collectively, the “Contracts”). 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Terrence Chiu Ying Terng’s 1st Affidavit dated 21 January 2021 at paras 21–22.

Each of the Contracts concerned the sale by the defendant to the plaintiff of
20,000 MT (+/– 10% at the seller’s option) of gasoil with 500ppm sulphur
content, with delivery on free on board (or “FOB”) Taichung basis. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Terrence Chiu Ying Terng’s 1st Affidavit dated 21 January 2021 at para 23;
Shanna Rani Ghose’s Affidavit dated 24 February 2021 at para 12.

Under the First Contract, delivery of the gasoil was to be effected between 28
September to 30 October 2018 (ie, a 33-day loading period) while under the
Second Contract, the delivery period was between 1 and 30 November 2018.
Delivery of the contracted quantities could be effected by way of “multiple
liftings” with a minimum quantity of 2,000 MT per lifting to be loaded onboard
the nominated vessel. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Terrence Chiu Ying Terng’s 1st Affidavit dated 21 January 2021 Exhibit TC–1 at
pp 270–273 (Defendant’s letters dated 28 November 2018).

5 Clause 26 of the Contracts is identical, and I reproduce below the pertinent
parts which parties referred to (“Clause 26”): 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Terrence Chiu Ying Terng’s 1st Affidavit dated 21 January 2021 Exhibit TC–1 at
pp 243–245 (First Contract) and pp 263–264 (Second Contract).

26\. DESTINATION RESTRICTION

26.1 It is a condition of the agreement that the product delivered under the
agreement shall not be sold, transferred, transported, transshipped [sic],
imported or discharged (by the buyer or others), directly or indirectly and
irrespective of means, to any destination (“Restricted Destination”) which is
at the time of such import inconsistent with, penalised or prohibited under
the laws of the country in which such product was produced or contrary to any
laws, regulations, decrees or other official United Nations, Singapore, Swiss,
United States of America, European Union rules, regulations or requirements
applicable to the seller which relate to foreign trade controls, export
controls, embargoes or international boycotts of any type, or contrary to any
regulation, rule, directive or guideline applied by the government of that
country (or international body) or any relevant agency thereof.

The buyer shall keep itself informed as to such laws, regulations, rules,
directives or guidelines and shall ensure that they are complied with.

26.2 The buyer undertakes that the product deliverable hereunder shall not:

(A) be exported to any Restricted Jurisdiction; or

(B) be sold or supplied to any natural or legal person in any Restricted
Jurisdiction; or

(C) be sold or supplied to any natural or legal person for the purposes of any
commercial activity carried out in or from any such Restricted Jurisdiction.

For the purposes of this clause,

(I) “Restricted Destination” includes any port(s), vessel/barge(s) or storage
facilities in any Restricted Jurisdiction.

(II) “Restricted Jurisdiction” shall mean any country, state, territory or
region against which there are sanctions imposed by the country in which such
product was produced, the United Nations, Singapore, Switzerland, United
States of America, or European Union which prohibit the shipment thereto of
crude oil and/or petroleum products.

26.3 The buyer shall, if the seller so requires, provide the seller with
appropriate documentation for the purposes of verifying the final destination
of any delivery hereunder. Such documentation shall be provided within seven
(7) days of the request or such lesser period as will enable the seller or its
supplier to comply (to the seller’s satisfaction) with any requirement or
request of the government or authority in question.

…

26.6 The buyer shall ensure that all of its sale agreements involving the
product shall contain the same Restricted Destination clause or another clause
that has like effect.

…

26.8 The buyer undertakes and warrants that it will comply with the provisions
of this clause. Any breach of this clause shall constitute an event of
default, and shall entitle the seller to exercise its rights relating to such
event of default, including an indemnity for any fines or penalties imposed on
the seller.

6 On 30 October 2018 and under the First Contract, 1,994.862 MT of gasoil was
loaded at the port of Taichung onboard the motor tanker “OSLO” nominated by
the plaintiff as the FOB buyer (the “OSLO Parcel”), and for which the
plaintiff paid the defendant a sum of USD 1,425,003.37. The plaintiff alleged
that there were quality issues with the OSLO Parcel, and in respect of which
it had to eventually compensate the third-party buyer to whom it had on-sold
the cargo. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Terrence Chiu Ying Terng’s 1st Affidavit dated 21 January 2021 Exhibit TC–1 at
pp 274–287 (Notice of Arbitration dated 21 December 2018, paras 16–20).

Save for the OSLO Parcel, the plaintiff failed to take delivery of any of the
remainder of the cargo it had contracted to buy from the defendant under the
Contracts because of the alleged quality concerns. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Shanna Rani Ghose’s Affidavit dated 24 February 2021 at para 13; Plaintiff’s
Written Submissions (“WS”) at para 14.

The defendant subsequently sent two letters dated 28 November 2018 to the
plaintiff purporting to terminate the Contracts and stated that it would claim
“losses, damages, costs and expenses” against the plaintiff. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Plaintiff’s WS at para 14; Terrence Chiu Ying Terng’s 1st Affidavit dated 21
January 2021 at para 25.

7 By a Notice of Arbitration filed with the SIAC on 21 December 2018, the
plaintiff commenced two arbitrations against the defendant, one under each of
the Contracts. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Terrence Chiu Ying Terng’s 1st Affidavit dated 21 January 2021 at para 26,
Exhibit TC–1 at pp 274–287 (Notice of Arbitration dated 21 December 2018).

Both arbitrations were subsequently consolidated by the SIAC on 15 February
2019. The arbitral tribunal was constituted on 23 April 2019 (“Tribunal”) with
the appointment by the SIAC of a sole arbitrator (“Arbitrator”). 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Terrence Chiu Ying Terng’s 1st Affidavit dated 21 January 2021 Exhibit TC–1 at
p 34 (Final Award at para 12).

The Arbitration Proceedings and the Award

8 In the arbitration proceedings, the plaintiff claimed, inter alia, for a
refund of “[a]ll sums that have actually been received by the [defendant] from
the [plaintiff]” in relation to the First Contract. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Terrence Chiu Ying Terng’s 1st Affidavit dated 21 January 2021 Exhibit TC–1 at
p 285 (Notice of Arbitration at para 39(a)(xi)).

The plaintiff also sought a declaration that the Second Contract had “not been
validly formed” and a declaration that the defendant “is not entitled to any
payment” under the Contracts. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Terrence Chiu Ying Terng’s 1st Affidavit dated 21 January 2021 Exhibit TC–1 at
p 316 (Notice of Arbitration at paras 39(b)(ii) and (c)(i)).

The defendant in turn counterclaimed, inter alia, for the plaintiff’s breach
in its failure and/or refusal to “take delivery of the cargo as agreed”.
Instead, the plaintiff “only took delivery of 1,994.862MT of cargo under [the
First Contract] on 30 October 2018, and took no further deliveries
thereafter”. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Terrence Chiu Ying Terng’s 1st Affidavit dated 21 January 2021 Exhibit TC–1 at
p 316 (Re-Amended Statement of Defence and Counterclaim at para 90).

The defendant also counterclaimed for the plaintiff’s breach in respect of the
Second Contract, with damages for breach of the Contracts to be calculated
based on s 50(2) of the Sale of Goods Act (Cap 393, 1999 Rev Ed) (“SOGA”). 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Terrence Chiu Ying Terng’s 1st Affidavit dated 21 January 2021 Exhibit TC–1 at
pp 317, 319 (Re-Amended Statement of Defence and Counterclaim at paras 93–95,
101–104).

As will be elaborated below, the defendant subsequently changed tack and
proceeded on the basis that the damages, if any, due to the defendant were to
be calculated based on s 50(3) of the SOGA instead. Section 50(3) of the SOGA
provides that:

Where there is an available market for the goods in question, the measure of
damages is prima facie to be ascertained by the difference between the
contract price and the market or current price of the goods at the time or
times when they ought to have been accepted or (if no time was fixed for
acceptance) at the time of the refusal to accept.

9 In the arbitral proceedings, the plaintiff advanced two arguments relating
to the aforementioned issues (the “Arguments”). According to the plaintiff,
the defendant “had failed to adduce evidence of actual losses (the “No Actual
Losses Argument”)” and “had no goods [ie, the requisite gasoil to supply] for
the majority of the [33-day loading period] and therefore suffered no losses
(the “No Goods No Losses Argument”)”. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Plaintiff’s WS at paras 19 and 43.

In summary, the plaintiff’s No Actual Losses Argument was that the defendant
“had failed to adduce evidence of actual losses and accordingly, had not
suffered any actual losses despite [the plaintiff’s] breach of contract” and
thus claimed for “forecasted” losses which “were never incurred”. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Plaintiff’s WS at para 34.

The plaintiff’s No Goods No Losses Argument was that the defendant “did not
have sufficient [g]asoil to supply to [the plaintiff] under the [Contracts]
and therefore could not have suffered any losses”. In that regard, the
plaintiff argued that the defendant’s own documents “showed that they did not
have the necessary goods to meet [the required volume of gasoil] all the way
until 24 October, just a week left until the end of the loading period” under
the First Contract. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Plaintiff’s WS at paras 42–43.

10 Lastly, I noted that parties had initially disputed whether there was an
available market and hence a number of the arguments made and evidence
tendered in the arbitration proceedings revolved around the issue of hedging
and whether the defendant had failed to mitigate its alleged loss. The
plaintiff contended that the defendant ought to have mitigated its losses by
entering into gasoil hedging contracts on or shortly after 30 October 2018 and
6 November 2018 for the First and Second Contracts respectively, when the
defendant had initially denied that there was an available market for the
gasoil. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Terrence Chiu Ying Terng’s 1st Affidavit dated 21 January 2021 Exhibit TC–1 at
p 39 (Award at para 45).

However, about a week prior to the evidentiary hearing, the defendant conceded
that there was an available market. Thereafter, the question of whether there
was an available market was no longer a contentious issue or contemplated in
parties’ submissions in the arbitration. Consequently, the issue of hedging
became irrelevant and s 50(2) of the SOGA was no longer the focus. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Terrence Chiu Ying Terng’s 1st Affidavit dated 21 January 2021 Exhibit TC–1 at
p 648 (Claimant’s Written Closing Submissions dated 30 April 2020 at para 129)
and p 410 (Respondent’s Closing Submissions dated 30 April 2020 at para 111).

At the hearing before me, counsel for the defendant, Mr Siraj Omar SC,
confirmed that while the defendant had initially advanced its case on the
basis of there being no available market, it subsequently dropped that claim
and instead advanced its claim on the basis that there was an available
market, and relied on s 50(3) of the SOGA instead. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Transcript dated 21 April 2021 at p 11, lines 4–8; p 14, lines 22–29.

11 In the arbitral proceedings, the defendant also counterclaimed for the
plaintiff’s breach of Clause 26 of the Contracts, the relevant portions of
which have been reproduced at [5]. The defendant submitted that the plaintiff
had breached Clause 26 of the First Contract by: (a) failing to ensure that
its own sale contract with its buyer, Great Sign Ltd (“Great Sign”), regarding
the OSLO Parcel contained the same or equivalent Restricted Destination clause
(as required by Clause 26.6); and (b) failing to provide documentation
verifying the final destination of the OSLO Parcel (in breach of Clause 26.3).
Clause 26.8 thus entitled the defendant to an indemnity from the plaintiff for
any fines or penalties imposed on it. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Terrence Chiu Ying Terng’s 1st Affidavit dated 21 January 2021 Exhibit TC–1 at
pp 343–344 and 423 (Re-Amended Statement of Rejoinder and Reply to Defence to
Counterclaim dated 9 January 2020 at para 33A; Respondent’s Closing
Submissions dated 30 April 2020 at paras 151–154).

12 The plaintiff responded that Clause 26 could not be relied on by the
defendant following the defendant’s termination of the First Contract. In
particular, it was not stipulated in either of the Contracts that Clause 26
would survive termination. As such, the plaintiff sought to adduce expert
evidence on whether Clause 26 would survive termination as a matter of
industry practice. This forms the contextual backdrop to the second ground of
objection which the plaintiff raised in OS 51 (see [19] below). The plaintiff
also submitted that, in any case, Clause 26.8 is a compensatory indemnity and
not a preventive indemnity. In that regard, the defendant has not suffered any
losses as a result of any alleged breach of Clause 26 which the plaintiff
ought to indemnify. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Shanna Rani Ghose’s Affidavit dated 24 February 2021 at pp 95, 103–104 and
126–127 (Claimant’s Amended Statement of Reply and Defence to Counterclaim
dated 11 October 2019 at paras 43A, 68C–68H; Claimant’s Written Opening
Submissions dated 17 March 2020 at paras 83–86).

13 On 17 November 2020, the Tribunal issued the Award in favour of the
defendant. The Tribunal held, inter alia, that: 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Defendant’s WS at para 6.

(a) the plaintiff was in breach of the First Contract by failing to lift the
remaining gasoil within the loading period, and such breach entitled the
defendant to terminate the First Contract, which it did by way of letter on 28
November 2018; 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Terrence Chiu Ying Terng’s 1st Affidavit dated 21 January 2021 Exhibit TC–1 at
pp 59–60 (Award at [137]–[140]).

(b) the plaintiff was in breach of the Second Contract by failing to provide a
letter of credit by 9 November 2018 and by failing to lift any gasoil within
the loading period, and such breaches entitled the defendant to terminate the
Second Contract, which it did by way of letter on 28 November 2018; 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Terrence Chiu Ying Terng’s 1st Affidavit dated 21 January 2021 Exhibit TC–1 at
pp 61–62 (Award at [148]–[155]).

and

(c) the plaintiff was in breach of Clause 26 of the First Contract by failing
to ensure that its sale contract with Great Sign regarding the OSLO Parcel
contained the same or equivalent Restricted Destination clause in the First
Contract and by failing to provide documentation verifying the final
destination of the OSLO Parcel. The Tribunal therefore granted a declaration
that the plaintiff was required to indemnify the defendant in the event that
any fines or penalties are imposed on the latter by reason of the final
destination of the OSLO Parcel. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Terrence Chiu Ying Terng’s 1st Affidavit dated 21 January 2021 Exhibit TC–1 at
pp 38, 70–72 (Award at [35] and [195]–[202]).

14 Flowing from the findings as set out at [13(a)] and [13(b)], the Arbitrator
found that the defendant was entitled to be compensated for any loss and
damage it had suffered by reason of the plaintiff’s breaches of the Contracts
for non-acceptance of gasoil, with damages to be assessed by reference to s 50
of the SOGA as follows: 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Terrence Chiu Ying Terng’s 1st Affidavit dated 21 January 2021 Exhibit TC–1 at
pp 62–63 and 65–70 (Award at [156] and [159]–[194]).

(a) concerning the First Contract, the difference between the contract price
and the market price on the next business day after the expiry of the loading
period (ie, 31 October 2018), rounded to the nearest dollar; and

(b) concerning the Second Contract, the difference between the contract price
and the market price on the next business day after the expiry of the loading
period (ie, 3 December 2018).

15 The Arbitrator made three dispositive orders against the plaintiff: 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Terrence Chiu Ying Terng’s 1st Affidavit dated 21 January 2021 Exhibit TC–1 at
pp 78–79 (Award at [237]); Plaintiff’s WS at para 2; Defendant’s WS at para 7.

(a) in respect of the First Contract, the Arbitrator awarded the defendant
damages in the sum of USD 303,555.00 plus (i) interest at the rate of 6.30688%
per annum from 31 October 2018 (inclusive) until the date of payment
(exclusive) and (ii) costs and expenses in the amount of S$504,407.09 and
costs of the arbitration pursuant to Clause 20 of the First Contract;

(b) in respect of the Second Contract, the Arbitrator awarded the defendant
damages in the sum of USD 3,055,096.00 plus (i) interest at the rate of
6.37888% per annum from 3 December 2018 (inclusive) until the date of payment
(exclusive) and (ii) costs and expenses in the amount of S$504,407.09 pursuant
to Clause 20 of the Second Contract; and

(c) an indemnity for any fines or penalties imposed on the defendant by reason
of the final destination of the parcel of 1,994.862 MT of gasoil delivered to
the plaintiff aboard the MT OSLO on 30 October 2018 pursuant to Clause 26.8 of
the First Contract.

The parties’ cases

16 I briefly summarise the parties’ cases in OS 51.

17 The plaintiff applied to set aside the Award, relying on the ground of
breach of natural justice under s 24(b) of the International Arbitration Act
(Cap 143A, 2002 Rev Ed) (“IAA”) and/or Art 34(2)(a)(ii) of the UNCITRAL Model
Law on International Commercial Arbitration (the “Model Law”). The plaintiff
acknowledged that the four requirements (as reiterated by the Court of Appeal
in Soh Beng Tee & Co Pte Ltd v Fairmount Development Pte Ltd [2007] 3 SLR(R)
86 (“Soh Beng Tee”) at [29]) would have to be satisfied by it, namely: 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Plaintiff’s WS at paras 22, 24 and 26.

(a) which rule of natural justice was breached;

(b) how it was breached;

(c) in what way the breach was connected to the making of the award; and

(d) how the breach prejudiced its rights.

18 The plaintiff argued that all the requirements were met in this case, and
raised two grounds. The first was that the Arbitrator’s “failure to consider
or address points raised by parties falls foul of the audi alteram partem
rule, which states that a judge must hear both sides of a case before reaching
a decision”. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Plaintiff’s WS at para 27.

In this regard, the plaintiff submitted that the Arbitrator “had failed to
apply its mind to [the plaintiff’s] Arguments”. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Plaintiff’s WS at para 33.

The Arguments went to the crux of the issue of whether the defendant had
“proven its losses to entitle it to claim for the same” as the plaintiff must
“prove its losses in the first place before damages can be assessed”. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Plaintiff’s WS at paras 48–49.

If the Arbitrator had considered the Arguments, the defendant would not have
been awarded damages, interest on such damages, and costs. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Plaintiff’s WS at paras 4 and 6.

I term this first ground of objection the “1st NJ Breach”.

19 The plaintiff submitted, as its second ground, that it was “not given a
full or reasonable opportunity to be heard” under Article 18 of the Model Law
due to the Tribunal’s direction “not to submit expert evidence on certain
aspects of industry practice”. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Plaintiff’s WS at para 69.

The expert evidence related to whether Clause 26 (see above at [5]) survives
the termination of each of the Contracts by reason of industry practice. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Plaintiff’s WS at para 73.

Had the Arbitrator not disallowed the plaintiff’s application to adduce expert
evidence, the plaintiff would not have been ordered to indemnify the defendant
with respect to the relevant fines and penalties that may have been imposed on
the defendant. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Plaintiff WS at paras 5–6.

Thus, this ground also satisfied the requirements as laid down in Soh Beng Tee
(see above at [17]). I term this ground of objection the “2nd NJ Breach”.

20 The defendant’s position was that “there [was] no legal or factual basis to
sustain [the plaintiff’s] claims in this application”. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Defendant’s WS at para 70.

Concerning the plaintiff’s allegation that the Arbitrator failed to apply his
mind to the Arguments, the defendant submitted that this allegation was a
“complete non-starter” as the plaintiff has not suffered any prejudice and, in
any case, the Arbitrator had considered the Arguments. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Defendant’s WS at paras 11–12.

Concerning whether Clause 26 survived the termination of the Contracts, the
defendant submits that the Arbitrator had afforded both parties the
opportunity to be heard in relation to the expert evidence which the plaintiff
sought to adduce. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Defendant’s WS at para 38.

21 Additionally, not every breach of the rules of natural justice will in
itself amount to the required “prejudice” mentioned at [17(d)] above. The
Court of Appeal was careful to elaborate that it is necessary to “prove that
the breach, if any, had caused actual or real prejudice to the party seeking
to set aside an award” (Soh Beng Tee at [86]). In that regard, an applicant
will have to persuade the court that there has been some actual or real
prejudice caused by the alleged breach which is “more than technical
unfairness” (Soh Beng Tee at [91]). At the very least, it must be established
that the breach could “have actually altered the final outcome of the arbitral
proceedings in some meaningful way” (Soh Beng Tee at [91]).

Issues to be determined

22 The foregoing summary demonstrates that there are two main issues to be
determined:

(a) whether the Arbitrator failed to consider the Arguments and consequently,
was the 1st NJ Breach made out; and

(b) whether the 2nd NJ Breach was made out by virtue of the Arbitrator’s
decision not to grant the plaintiff leave to adduce expert evidence in
relation to the survivability of Clause 26.

23 I address each of these issues in turn.

Issue 1: whether the 1st NJ Breach was made out

The applicable legal principles

24 The requirements which must be shown, when an applicant seeks to challenge
an arbitration award as having been made in contravention of the rules of
natural justice, are well-established and set out in Soh Beng Tee (see above
at [17]). The relevant rule of natural justice that OS 51 is concerned with is
encapsulated in the Latin maxim audi alteram partem.

25 As the Court of Appeal in AKN and another v ALC and others and other
appeals [2015] 3 SLR 488 (“AKN”) held, the audi alteram partem rule includes
an arbitrator bringing his or her mind to bear “on an important aspect of the
dispute” (at [46]). In AKN at [46], the Court of Appeal further elaborated
that an inference that an arbitrator had “indeed failed to consider an
important pleaded issue” will not be drawn readily. The threshold is a very
high one – namely, such inference “must be shown to be clear and virtually
inescapable” (AKN at [46]). For example, that threshold would be satisfied
where it is undisputed that the arbitration tribunal simply “failed to
consider, whether explicitly or implicitly” the arguments “notwithstanding the
pleadings … to [that] effect” (BRS v BRQ and another and another appeal [2021]
1 SLR 390 at [106]). However, in instances where the arbitrator had
“misunderstood the aggrieved party’s case, or having been mistaken as to the
law, or having chosen not to deal with a point pleaded by the aggrieved party
because he thought it unnecessary”, such inference should not be drawn (AKN at
[46]). With regard to arguments raised by a party on an issue, the Court of
Appeal in AKN also stated at [47] that:

… The judge in AQU also considered the High Court decision of TMM Division
Maritima SA de CV v Pacific Richfield Marine Pte Ltd [2013] 4 SLR 972 (“TMM”),
and reiterated the proposition that no party to an arbitration had a right to
expect the arbitral tribunal to accept its arguments, regardless of how strong
and credible it perceived those arguments to be (see AQU at [35], citing TMM
at [94]). This principle is important because it points to an important
distinction between, on the one hand, an arbitral tribunal’s decision to
reject an argument (whether implicitly or otherwise, whether rightly or
wrongly, and whether or not as a result of its failure to comprehend the
argument and so to appreciate its merits), and, on the other hand, the
arbitral tribunal’s failure to even consider that argument. Only the latter
amounts to a breach of natural justice; the former is an error of law, not a
breach of natural justice.

[emphasis added]

26 The imposition of such a high threshold by our courts is congruent with the
principle of party autonomy, which is the “critical foundational principle in
arbitration”. The courts “do not and must not interfere in the merits of an
arbitral award and, in the process, bail out parties who have made choices
that they might come to regret, or offer them a second chance to canvass the
merits of their respective cases” (AKN at [37]). The court does not exercise
any appellate jurisdiction over an arbitral tribunal and the grounds for
curial intervention are narrowly circumscribed. As such, the Court of Appeal
in AKN cautioned (at [39]) that the courts:

… must resist the temptation to engage with what is substantially an appeal on
the legal merits of an arbitral award, but which, through the ingenuity of
counsel, may be disguised and presented as a challenge to process failures
during the arbitration. A prime example of this would be a challenge based on
an alleged breach of natural justice. When examining such a challenge, it is
important that the court assesses the real nature of the complaint. Among the
arguments commonly raised in support of breach of natural justice challenges
are these:

(a) that the arbitral tribunal misunderstood the case presented and so did not
apply its mind to the actual case of the aggrieved party;

(b) that the arbitral tribunal did not mention the arguments raised by the
aggrieved party and so must have failed to consider the latter’s actual case;
and

(c) that the arbitral tribunal must have overlooked a part of the aggrieved
party’s case because it did not engage with the merits of that part of the
latter’s case.

Although such arguments may be commonly raised, more often than not, they do
not, in fact, amount to breaches of natural justice.

[emphasis in original]

27 The foregoing principles, naturally, inform the way in which our courts
approach challenges to an award based on a complaint of breach of natural
justice. In CDI v CDJ [2020] 5 SLR 484 (“CDI”), which the plaintiff referred
to in its submissions, this court distilled some of the pertinent points and I
would highlight those summarised at [31(c)]–[31(e)]: 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Plaintiff’s WS at paras 66–68.

(c) an arbitral award is to be read generously and in a reasonable and
commercial way, in the sense that the general approach of the courts is to
strive to uphold the award; in this context, consideration may be given to the
eminence of the arbitrator in his or her field and experience in the area of
law concerned (TMM Division Maritima SA de CV v Pacific Richfield Marine Pte
Ltd [2013] 4 SLR 972 (“TMM”) at [44]–[45] citing Atkins Limited v The
Secretary of State for Transport [2013] EWHC 139 (TCC) and Zermalt Holdings SA
v Nu-Life Upholstery Repairs Ltd [1985] 2 EGLR 14);

(d) flowing from (c), an arbitral award should be read supportively, meaning
it should be given a reading which is likely to uphold it rather than to
destroy it (Soh Beng Tee … at [59]);

(e) the corollary of (d) is that it is not the court’s function to assiduously
comb an arbitral award microscopically in its attempt to determine if there
was any blame or fault in the arbitral process (Soh Beng Tee at [65(f)]; in
short, the court should not nit-pick at the award (TMM at [45]); …

The parties’ positions

28 At the outset, I should point out that it is not the plaintiff’s case that
it was not afforded a reasonable opportunity to present or advance the
Arguments, or lead relevant evidence on them. It accepts that that the
Arguments were fully canvassed to the Arbitrator. The plaintiff’s sole
contention is that the Arbitrator “failed to apply [his] mind” to the
Arguments, 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Plaintiff’s WS at para 33.

both of which concerned important or material issues in the dispute. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Plaintiff’s WS at paras 48–49.

It is also not in dispute that in the List of Issues agreed to by the parties
for the Arbitrator’s determination, Issue 12(d) was framed as follows: 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Terrence Chiu Ying Terng’s 1st Affidavit dated 21 January 2021 Exhibit TC–1 at
p 43 (Award at para 64).

d. If there was an available market:

i. What was the date when the cargo ought to have been accepted or the time of
refusal to accept?

ii. What was the market price on the date(s) identified above?

iii. Is Gunvor entitled to seek any further or other losses outside those
stated in Section 50(3) of the Act?

iv. Does Clause 21 of the Contracts exclude any of Gunvor’s losses?

v. Did Gunvor adequately mitigate its losses?

For completeness, Clause 21 is an exemption clause and seeks to limit parties’
liability for certain breaches of the Contracts; that provision has no bearing
to the issues in OS 51 and nothing further needs to be said on it.

29 The plaintiff argued that its No Actual Losses Argument was made clear in
its oral opening submissions, in its cross-examination at the evidentiary
hearing, 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Terrence Chiu Ying Terng’s 1st Affidavit dated 21 January 2021 Exhibit TC–1 at
pp 1015, 1024–1025 (Transcript of Day 5 of the Evidentiary Hearing at p 68,
lines 2–17 and p 77, line 24 to p 78, line 21).

its expert witness report 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Terrence Chiu Ying Terng’s 1st Affidavit dated 21 January 2021 Exhibit TC–1 at
p 864 (Expert Report of Jonathan Humphrey dated 17 January 2020 at paras
5.4.16 and 5.4.19); and p 902 (Expert Report of Jonathan Humphrey dated 2
March 2020 at paras 3.4.16–20).

and its written closing submissions. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Terrence Chiu Ying Terng’s 1st Affidavit dated 21 January 2021 Exhibit TC–1 at
pp 606–659 (Claimant’s Written Closing Submissions dated 30 April 2020 at
paras 9, 17, 22, 24, 124, and 126).

The plaintiff’s expert witness on quantifying losses was also of the opinion
that the defendant “has not evidenced its actual loss, rather it seeks to
arbitrarily cut-off its claim at 4 January 2019” and did not believe that the
defendant reasonably hedged the Contracts given this arbitrary cut-off. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Terrence Chiu Ying Terng’s 1st Affidavit dated 21 January 2021 Exhibit TC–1 at
p 893 (Supplemental Expert Report of Jonathan Humphrey dated 2 March 2020 at
para 2.4.4) and p 864 (Expert Report of Jonathan Humphrey dated 17 January
2020 at para 3.4.20).

30 Despite the plaintiff’s repeated emphases on its No Actual Losses Argument,
the point was “completely unaddressed by the Tribunal” and it was “completely
absent from the Tribunal’s reasoning in considering damages in the Award”. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Plaintiff’s WS at paras 35, 40.

Instead, the relevant paragraphs in the Award “only address the calculation of
losses that [the defendant] was entitled to, but not whether [the defendant]
had even suffered any actual losses in the first place” [emphasis in
original]. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Plaintiff’s WS at para 41.

At the hearing before me, counsel for the plaintiff, Mr Arvin Lee, elaborated
that s 50(3) of the SOGA (to which the Arbitrator referred) “only deals with
calculation of damages and does not do away with proof of actual loss”
[emphasis added]. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Transcript dated 21 April 2021 at p 6, lines 16–18.

31 As for the No Goods No Losses Argument, it was raised by the plaintiff in
its oral opening submissions and written closing submissions. The point was
made that even for the cargo of approximately 2,000 MT of gasoil lifted under
the First Contract, the defendant’s documents “showed they did not have the
necessary goods to meet this all the way until 24 October, just a week left
until the end of the loading period”. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Terrence Chiu Ying Terng’s 1st Affidavit dated 21 January 2021 Exhibit TC–1 at
p 431 (Claimant’s Oral Opening Submissions dated 17 March 2020 at p 6, lines
2–14).

Even with the defendant’s new cargo of gasoil with +3 °C pour point on 24
October 2018, the defendant could not have fulfilled the Second Contract,
which required gasoil with 0°C pour point. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Terrence Chiu Ying Terng’s 1st Affidavit dated 21 January 2021 Exhibit TC–1 at
p 617 (Claimant’s Closing Submissions dated 30 April 2020 at para 25).

The plaintiff had also pleaded the same in its Reply and Defence to
Counterclaim. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Shanna Rani Ghose’s Affidavit dated 24 February 2021 Exhibit SRG–1 at pp 77
and 105 (Claimant’s Amended Statement of Reply and Defence to Counterclaim
dated 11 October 2019 at paras 4(e) and 69).

32 At the hearing before me 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Transcript dated 21 April 2021 at p 8, lines 3–5.

and in its written submissions, 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Plaintiff’s WS at paras 4, 81–82.

the plaintiff submitted that the prejudice suffered as a result of the 1st NJ
Breach was that the Award was thereby made in favour of the defendant. Mr Lee
argued that had the Arbitrator considered the Arguments, the dispositive
orders for damages, interest and costs for breach of the Contracts would not
have been made.

33 The defendant argued that the Arbitrator “did in fact deal with the
Arguments in the Award and must therefore have considered them”. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Defendant’s WS at para 23.

The Arbitrator had “expressly referred to” the Arguments “at paragraph 209 of
the Award in the context of the [plaintiff’s] costs submissions”. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Defendant’s WS at paras 28 and 31.

The Arbitrator noted that, in relation to the issue of costs, the plaintiff
had submitted that the defendant “has suffered no actual loss, and/or did not
have goods to supply for the most part of the duration under both Contracts”.
58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Terrence Chiu Ying Terng’s 1st Affidavit dated 21 January 2021 Exhibit TC–1 at
p 73 (Award at para 209).

34 In any case, the plaintiff’s position “ignore[d] the fact that the parties
had agreed that the applicable measure of damages was that set out in section
50 of the [SOGA]” [emphasis in original]. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Defendant’s WS at para 18.

As the plaintiff accepted, s 50 of the SOGA “does not require actual losses,
or evidence thereof” and the plaintiff’s point that it “sought to make by way
of the Arguments was irrelevant to the measure of damages” [emphasis in
original]. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Defendant’s WS at para 19.

The alleged prejudice which the plaintiff sought to demonstrate “assumes that
the Tribunal would not just have considered the Arguments but also accepted
them”, for which there was “no basis for” and was “speculative at best”
[emphasis in original]. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Defendant’s WS at paras 20–21.

Even if the Tribunal had accepted the Arguments, given that the plaintiff had
already agreed that the measure of damages under s 50 of the SOGA does not
require actual losses or proof of such actual losses, the Arguments “could not
have impacted the Tribunal’s findings”. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Defendant’s WS at paras 18–19 and 22.

35 The plaintiff’s rebuttal to the Arguments being mentioned in the part of
the Award dealing with the issue of costs, was that it was “an entirely
separate matter”. Such reference to the Arguments “only in the latter section”
was both “convenient” and “somewhat of an afterthought” by the Arbitrator – it
“[did] not mean that the Tribunal had this in mind when dealing with the
issues of damages”. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Transcript dated 21 April 2021 at p 14, lines 2–12.

This was because while the parties agreed that the Arbitrator would publish a
single award also covering the question of costs, the parties also agreed that
the Arbitrator would draft the costs portion of the Award separately and only
after the Arbitrator’s draft award on the substantive claims had been
finalised and sent to the SIAC for scrutiny. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Terrence Chiu Ying Terng’s 1st Affidavit dated 21 January 2021 Exhibit TC–1 at
pp 37–38 (Award at paras 29–30).

The plaintiff also highlighted, in respect of prejudice suffered, that it was
“not possible to adduce any evidence since the Tribunal did not address [the
Arguments] at all in the Award”. Nevertheless, the Arguments were “so
fundamental” that there was “a reasonable probability that the Tribunal could
have ruled in [its] favour”. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Transcript dated 21 April 2021 at p 14, lines 14–20.

More generally, the plaintiff’s position was that the Arbitrator’s references
to the Arguments within the Award were “clearly insufficient to show that the
Tribunal had in fact addressed its mind” to the Arguments. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Plaintiff’s WS at paras 62 and 64.

My analysis and decision

36 In my judgment, the Arbitrator did not fail to consider the Arguments. In
accordance with the principles highlighted at [27], I have sought to read the
Award as a whole, generously and in a commercial way. Having done so, I
disagreed with the plaintiff that a review of the Award (both as a whole and
in particular, that part of the Award which dealt with the losses that the
defendant would be entitled to if the plaintiff was liable 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Terrence Chiu Ying Terng’s 1st Affidavit dated 21 January 2021 Exhibit TC–1 at
pp 62–70 (Award at paras 159–194).

), leads to the clear and inescapable inference that the Arbitrator failed to
give any consideration to the Arguments or the issue of no actual loss. I
arrived at this conclusion for a number of reasons.

37 First, the Arbitrator expressly stated that parties were “agreed that if
[the defendant was] entitled to losses arising from breaches of the Contracts
for non-acceptance of gasoil, those losses [were] to be determined by
reference to section 50 of the [SOGA]” 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Terrence Chiu Ying Terng’s 1st Affidavit dated 21 January 2021 Exhibit TC–1 at
pp 62–63 (Award at paras 159–160).

and that s 50(3) of the SOGA “provides for a measure of damages enabling an
innocent party to be put into the same position it would have been in had
performance taken place” [emphasis added]. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Terrence Chiu Ying Terng’s 1st Affidavit dated 21 January 2021 Exhibit TC–1 at
p 64 (Award at para 166).

In my view, the reference to putting a party into the “same position it would
have been in had performance taken place” demonstrated two things – one, that
the Arbitrator had put his mind to considering both the fact of losses
suffered as a result of the other party’s breach as well as the measure of
such losses, and two, in arriving at that conclusion, the Arbitrator was in
effect agreeing with the defendant’s arguments on s 50(3) of the SOGA and its
operation. Thus, I disagreed with the plaintiff that the Arbitrator had
referred to s 50(3) of the SOGA only as a provision setting out a mathematical
formula to calculate losses.

38 For completeness, and as mentioned briefly at [10], the issues of hedging
and the applicability of s 50(2) of the SOGA were rendered moot when the
defendant dropped its claim on the basis that there was no available market
and admitted that there was an available market. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Transcript dated 21 April 2021 at p 7, lines 1–5.

In my judgment, that issue was relevant to OS 51 insofar as the plaintiff, in
its own submissions, seemed to have tied its arguments regarding the
defendant’s failure to prove actual loss with the date of 4 January 2019 and
what the defendant did or did not do with the goods thereafter; those
arguments were however targeted to damages being determined under s 50(2) and
not s 50(3) of the SOGA. I would highlight that, in the affidavit supporting
OS 51, the plaintiff acknowledged that s 50 of the SOGA did “not require
actual losses, or evidence thereof” [emphasis added], 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Terrence Chiu Ying Terng’s 1st Affidavit dated 21 January 2021 at para 8.

but sought to make the distinction that s 50 was only concerned with the
calculation of damages (ie, it merely prescribed a formula). The plaintiff
thus sought to emphasise that the agreement between parties in the arbitral
proceedings was for s 50(3) of the SOGA to be used only for calculating the
quantum of damages, and not that the defendant had in fact suffered any losses
as a result of the plaintiff’s breach.

39 In the arbitration, the defendant had made the specific submission that the
parties’ agreement that there was an available market meant that the s 50(2)
measure of damages and the issue of hedging became irrelevant; the defendant
also made the argument that neither party was contending that hedging outcomes
were relevant to an assessment of damages under s 50(3) of the SOGA. On the
basis that there was an available market, the “‘available market’ measure
builds in mitigation”, and it did not matter “what the seller actually does
with the goods” [emphasis in original] – the assessment of damages under s
50(3) of the SOGA was simply “the differential between the contract and market
price.” 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Terrence Chiu Ying Terng’s 1st Affidavit dated 21 January 2021 Exhibit TC–1 at
p 410 (Respondent’s Closing Submissions dated 30 April 2020 at paras 110–111).

40 As the Arbitrator noted, parties were in agreement that the defendant’s
losses were to be determined by reference to s 50(3) of the SOGA. I agree that
the plaintiff acknowledged and accepted that, at least on a prima facie basis,
the Arbitrator could rely on s 50(3) of the SOGA without requiring direct (or
for that matter, any) evidence or proof of actual loss (see [38]). I could not
quite see how, in substance, a distinction could then be drawn by the
plaintiff such that the Arbitrator nevertheless had to also ascertain if a
loss was in fact incurred. As I mentioned at [37], it did not appear to me
that the Arbitrator regarded s 50(3) of the SOGA as a provision that only
dealt with calculating the damages suffered by a seller for a buyer’s non-
acceptance of goods sold. If a tribunal had evidence before it of the
difference between the contract price and the market or current price at the
time when the buyer ought to have accepted the goods, that would, prima facie,
be relevant to demonstrating both whether a loss had in fact been incurred and
provide the reference points for determining the quantum of such loss
suffered. Whether that approach is right or wrong was, however, a matter that
touched on the underlying merits of the case which are not justiciable before
this court.

41 Second, when the Award is read closely, it becomes reasonably clear that
the defendant’s arguments as summarised at [39] found favour with the
Arbitrator. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Terrence Chiu Ying Terng’s 1st Affidavit dated 21 January 2021 Exhibit TC–1 at
pp 68–69 (Award at paras 186 and 193).

The corollary of that is that the Arbitrator could be taken to have implicitly
rejected the Arguments, even if this was not expressly or clearly stated in
the Award; that cannot then give rise to any, let alone a clear and virtually
inescapable inference, that the Arbitrator completely failed to address the
Arguments in deciding Issue 12(d).

42 The point is succinctly made by Justice Chan Seng Onn in TMM Division
Maritima SA de CV v Pacific Richfield Marine Pte Ltd [2013] 4 SLR 972 (“TMM”)
at [104]–[105]:

104 Even if some of an arbitral tribunal’s conclusions are bereft of reasons,
that is not necessarily fatal. There are a variety reasons why an arbitral
tribunal may elect not to say something. In my view, the crux is whether the
contents of the arbitral award taken as a whole inform the parties of the
bases on which the arbitral tribunal reached its decision on the material or
essential issues: Eagil Trust Co Ltd v Pigott-Brown [1985] 3 All ER 119 at
122. In this regard, I agree fully with Prakash J’s following observation in
SEF ([76] supra) at [60]:

The fact that the [Adjudicator] did not feel it necessary to discuss his
reasoning and explicitly state his conclusions in relation to the third and
fourth jurisdictional issues, though unfortunate in that it gave rise to fears
on the part of SEF that its points were not thought about, cannot mean that he
did not have regard to those submissions at all. It may have been an
accidental omission on his part to indicate expressly why he was rejecting the
submissions since the Adjudicator took care to explain the reasons for his
other determinations and even indicated matters on which he was not making a
determination. Alternatively, he may have found the points so unconvincing
that he thought it was not necessary to explicitly state his findings.
Whatever may be the reason for the Adjudicator’s omission in this respect, I
do not consider that SEF was not afforded natural justice.

105 There is plainly no requirement for the arbitral tribunal to touch on
“each and every point in dispute” in its grounds of decision: Checkpoint Ltd v
Strathclyde Pension Fund [2003] EWCA Civ 84 at [48]. Last but not least, it
bears repeating that as guided by Thong Ah Fat, decisions or findings which do
not bear directly on the substance of the dispute or affect the final
resolution of the parties’ rights may not require detailed reasoning.

43 In relation to Issue 12(d), the Arbitrator noted that the parties “appear
to be in agreement that the measure of damages is prima facie to be
ascertained by the difference between the contract price and the market price
at the time when the gasoil ought to have been accepted”. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Terrence Chiu Ying Terng’s 1st Affidavit dated 21 January 2021 Exhibit TC–1 at
pp 63 and 68–69 (Award at paras 160; 164–166).

The Arbitrator went on to summarise the parties’ submissions on the issue of
mitigating losses, and then reasoned as follows:

164\. Year Sun alleges that Gunvor failed to mitigate any losses it might have
suffered because it did not sell the undelivered portion of gasoil under the
First Contract on 31 October 2018 (being the day after the last day of the
loading period) and the gasoil under the Second Contract on 7 November 2018
(being the date after which Year Sun sought to cancel the Second Contract).
Year Sun's submissions in this regard rely on well-established authority as to
the principles of mitigation of damages. As I set out at paragraph 160 above,
there does not appear to be any dispute that the measure of damages to be
applied is that set out in section 50(3) of the Sale of Goods Act. However,
the effect of Year Sun's submissions as to mitigation is to suggest that such
measure is subject to a duty to mitigate.

165\. Gunvor submits that questions of mitigation are not relevant when
assessing damages pursuant to section 50(3) of the Sale of Goods Act because
the concept of an available market "builds in" mitigation, irrespective of
what Gunvor might actually have done with the cargo, which was an independent
speculation.

166\. Gunvor's submission is to my mind correct. Section 50(3) provides for a
measure of damages enabling an innocent party to be put into the same position
it would have been in had performance taken place. Toulson J. (as he then was)
summarised the position in Dampskibsselskabet “Norden” A/S v Andre & Cie SA
[2003] EWHC 84 Comm:

41\. The broad principle deducible from the Elena D’Amico and the authorities
there considered is that where a contract is discharged by reason of one
party's breach, and that party's unperformed obligation is of a kind for which
there exists an available market in which the innocent party could obtain a
substitute contract, the innocent party's loss will ordinarily be measured by
the extent to which his financial position would be worse under the substitute
contract than under the original contract.

42\. The availability of a substitute market enables a market valuation to be
made of what the innocent party has lost, and a line thereby to be drawn under
the transaction. Whether the innocent party thereafter in fact enters into a
substitute contract is a separate matter. He has, in effect, a second choice
whether to enter the market – similar to the choice which first existed at the
time of the original contract, but at the new prevailing rate instead of the
contract rate (the difference being the basis of the normal measure of
damages). The option to stay out of the market arises from the breach, but it
does not follow that there is a causal nexus between the breach and a decision
by the innocent part [sic]) to stay out of the market, so as to make the
guilty party responsible for that decision and its consequences. The guilty
party is not liable to the innocent party for the effect of market changes
occurring after the innocent party has had a free choice whether to re-enter
the market, nor is the innocent party required to give credit to the guilty
party for any subsequent market movement in favour of the innocent party.”

[emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added in bold]

44 In my judgment, the paragraphs from the Award quoted above demonstrate that
the Arbitrator had considered and understood the thrust of the Arguments. In
that regard, the Arbitrator did not simply determine the issue on the basis of
the parties’ agreement that the measure of damages is prima facie to be
ascertained by the difference between the contract price and the market price
at the time when the gasoil ought to have been accepted. The Arbitrator had
gone further to consider the substance of the Arguments and, in my view,
implicitly rejected them by virtue of his acceptance of the defendant’s
arguments. Furthermore, the excerpt quoted by the Arbitrator from
Dampskibsselskabet “Norden” A/S v Andre & Cie SA (“Norden”) [2003] EWHC 84
Comm, especially the portions I have added emphasis to at [41]–[42] of Norden,
show that the Arbitrator was also considering what the defendant’s loss was
and not just whether there was mitigation of loss by the defendant. Read as a
whole, nothing in the Award suggests that the Arbitrator completely failed to
consider the Arguments in relation to the plaintiff’s liability for damages.

45 Third, if the plaintiff was advancing the argument that even under s 50(3)
of the SOGA the defendant had to adduce evidence of and prove actual loss in
the sense of something more than just evidence of the contract and market or
current prices, it was, in my view, incumbent on the plaintiff to raise the
point or argument clearly before the Tribunal at the material time in the
arbitration proceedings. There was nothing in the arbitration record put into
evidence before me that suggested that this specific point or argument was in
fact made to the Arbitrator. During the hearing before me, Mr Lee accepted
that the point was not made “in such direct language” but argued that there
was no need to because many of the opening paragraphs in the plaintiff’s
written closing submissions were spent on the general issue of “no actual
loss”. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Transcript dated 21 April 2021 at p 4, lines 2–4.

I disagree.

46 The Court of Appeal has reminded parties on more than one occasion that
they cannot run to the courts to cry foul and contend that there has been a
breach of natural justice when they have failed to properly make a point or
raise an argument before the tribunal (see, eg, China Machine New Energy Corp
v Jaguar Energy Guatemala LLC and another [2020] 1 SLR 695 (“China Machine”)
at [168]; Triulzi Cesare SRL v Xinyi Group (Glass) Co Ltd [2015] 1 SLR 114 at
[67] and [76]; BLC and others v BLB and another [2014] 4 SLR 79 at [53]). It
is not the court’s role to rescue the parties ex-post facto from strategic
decisions made in the course of the arbitration, and this would include
decisions made to advance or craft arguments in a certain way before the
tribunal. In this case, if the Arguments were as critical to Issue 12(d) as
the plaintiff makes them out to be, it was, in my judgment, incumbent that the
plaintiff made it clear to the Arbitrator that notwithstanding s 50(3) of the
SOGA, there would still be no loss because of the Arguments, and that if the
Arguments were accepted, the result would be no or at best nominal damages
being awarded to the defendant.

47 On the contrary, the Arbitrator was informed that it was common ground
between the parties that there was an available market and s 50(3) of the SOGA
would, prima facie, apply as the measure of damages. If the Arbitrator could
rely on that section without considering any evidence of actual loss and
decided to take that path, I did not see how the plaintiff could thereafter
complain that the Arbitrator had failed to apply his mind to considering the
Arguments. Even if, for the sake of argument, the Arbitrator erred because he
did not fully appreciate the true nature of the Arguments as advanced by the
plaintiff, or simply misunderstood the plaintiff’s case on this issue or
misunderstood how s 50(3) of the SOGA should be applied in light of the
Arguments, that would nevertheless still be insufficient to get the plaintiff
across the finish line (AKN at [47]). It would, at best, demonstrate an error
or errors of law. It is axiomatic that such errors are not subject to
challenge before the courts under the guise of a breach of natural justice.

48 Additionally, the fact that the Arbitrator did refer specifically to
certain aspects of the Arguments in the Award demonstrated, in my view, that
the Arbitrator had in mind and did consider the Arguments. The mere fact that
no clear or express mention of the Arguments were set out in the relevant part
of the Award dealing with the issue of damages or specifically on Issue 12(d)
did not, without more, lead to the clear and virtually inescapable inference
that the Arbitrator entirely failed to consider Arguments – as I have
explained at [41] and [42] above, there could be a number of reasons for that.

49 The Arbitrator referred to parts of the No Goods No Loss Argument in
another section of the Award which dealt with an issue pertaining to
uncertainty of delivery terms under the Contracts. I reproduce those
paragraphs below: 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Terrence Chiu Ying Terng’s 1st Affidavit dated 21 January 2021 Exhibit TC–1 at
p 48 (Award at paras 90–91).

90\. Year Sun raises two further arguments in response to the provisions of
the FOB sale terms. First, it asserts that if Year Sun had nominated vessels
for delivery before 30 October 2018, Gunvor in any event did not have gasoil
to meet such nominations until 24 October 2018. Second, it asserts that Gunvor
required a letter of credit to be issued ten days before any lifting could
take place.

91\. As to the amount of gasoil available to Gunvor for delivery, a point
which Year Sun developed at great length during the evidentiary hearing, this
to my mind is irrelevant. All Year Sun had to do was to nominate vessels. If
it transpired that Gunvor did not have gasoil to meet its delivery obligations
it would have found itself in breach of contract. It is by no means a foregone
conclusion that Gunvor could not have performed its delivery obligations, and
it is entirely speculative to assume this would have been the case. Whether or
not Gunvor would have been able to supply gasoil upon nomination is also
irrelevant for the purpose of determining the terms of the Contracts.

50 It can be seen that these paragraphs capture the essence of the No Goods No
Loss Argument. The Arbitrator specifically noted that the plaintiff “developed
at great length during the evidentiary hearing” the point that the defendant
did not have sufficient gasoil available for delivery (ie, the No Goods No
Loss Argument) and that such argument “to [his] mind [was] irrelevant”.
Rather, if it transpired that the defendant “did not have gasoil to meet its
delivery obligations it would have found itself in breach of contract” but it
was by “no means a foregone conclusion that [the defendant] could not have
performed its delivery obligations”. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Terrence Chiu Ying Terng’s 1st Affidavit dated 21 January 2021 Exhibit TC–1 at
p 48 (Award at para 91).

51 The fact that the No Goods No Loss Argument had not been advanced by the
plaintiff specifically in relation to the uncertainty of terms issue is of
relevance. In my judgment, that was indicative that the Arbitrator was alive
to and had applied his mind to the Arguments or aspects of them, not in a
silo, but laterally across the entire case where the Arbitrator felt that they
might have relevance or more relevance. In my judgment, this is fatal to the
plaintiff’s contention that the Arbitrator had completely failed to address
his mind to the Arguments. It bears emphasising the very high threshold that a
party has to meet to persuade the court that an arbitral tribunal failed to
address a material issue (or arguments on such an issue) – the inference has
to be clear and virtually inescapable (AKN at [46]), which means that no other
reasonable inference or conclusion could be arrived at. Thus, if it is equally
plausible that the tribunal had either implicitly rejected the argument or
considered it irrelevant to the issue in relation to which it was advanced,
the objection that a breach of natural justice was occasioned will not pass
muster. In my judgment, in this case, it could equally be concluded that the
Arbitrator either rejected the Arguments implicitly or did not find them
convincing, or at all relevant to Issue 12(d) (reproduced at [28]).

52 A similar reasoning applies in relation to the Arbitrator’s express
reference to the Arguments when dealing with the issue of costs. At para 209
of the Award, the Arbitrator noted as follows: 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Terrence Chiu Ying Terng’s 1st Affidavit dated 21 January 2021 Exhibit TC–1 at
p 73 (Award at para 209).

Year Sun claims USD 494,602.24. It submits that it should be reimbursed its
costs in full and that Gunvor should bear its costs in full because Gunvor (a)
has wasted Year Sun's time and costs for one and a half years pursuing
hopeless and unarguable counterclaims; (b) has suffered no actual loss, and/or
did not have goods to supply for the most part of the duration under both
Contracts. Year Sun also submits that it acted reasonably in rejecting two
sealed offers to settle made by Gunvor, and that Gunvor unreasonably refused
to accept Year Sun's own sealed offer to settle.

53 It was common ground that, with consensus of the parties, the drafting of
the substantive and costs portions of the Award were undertaken by the
Arbitrator at separate times even though the Award as published dealt with the
substantive issues and the issue of costs (see [35]). Nevertheless, that does
not mean that the court should not read the Award as a whole. When so read,
the picture that emerges is that express reference was made by the Arbitrator
to the Arguments or aspects of them in several parts of the Award, even if not
specifically under the issue of damages. Mr Lee submitted that the
Arbitrator’s summary of the Arguments in the costs section of the Award was
merely an afterthought and only in response to costs submissions that had been
made by the plaintiff where the Arguments had been mentioned. That did not
mean, according to Mr Lee, that the Arbitrator had addressed his mind to the
Arguments on the issue of damages. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

Transcript dated 21 April 2021 at p 14, lines 2–12.

No plausible reason was given by the plaintiff as to why the Arbitrator would
make reference to the Arguments in the costs section of the Award only as an
afterthought, especially when some aspects of the Arguments were expressly
referred to in the substantive sections of the Award (see [49]). I thus had no
hesitation rejecting the plaintiff’s submissions for the reasons given in this
paragraph.

54 For all of the foregoing reasons, I conclude that the Arbitrator did not
fail to consider the Arguments. Consequently, the plaintiff failed to persuade
me that the 1st NJ Breach was made out.

55 This is sufficient to dispose of this part of the application. In any case,
even if there was any breach of natural justice, I was not satisfied that the
plaintiff demonstrated any prejudice that had been caused to it.

56 I turn next to the plaintiff’s second ground.

Issue 2: whether the 2nd NJ Breach was made out

The parties’ positions

57 The plaintiff’s position was that the Tribunal had “wrongfully excluded
expert evidence, thereby infringing on [the plaintiff’s] right to be heard
pursuant to Article 18 of the Model Law”, 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Plaintiff’s WS at para 33.

which provides, inter alia, that “parties shall be given a full opportunity of
presenting his case”. The plaintiff relied on CBS v CBP [2021] SGCA 4 (“CBS”)
for the proposition that “the broad procedural powers of an arbitral tribunal
are subject to the fundamental rules of natural justice” (at [62]). 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Plaintiff’s WS at para 77.

The expert evidence which the plaintiff intended to submit was on the specific
point whether clauses such as Clause 26 “survive termination in the industry”
and thus “remains enforceable after termination”. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

Plaintiff’s WS at paras 71 and 73.

Such expert evidence would have been relevant “for determining if an
indemnification is to be granted”, was not “duplicative”, would have “required
only a short opinion” and its “length and complexity [would have been]
minimal”. Thus, under rr 19.1 and 25.2 of the SIAC Rules (6th Edition, 2016)
(“SIAC Rules”), such expert evidence ought to have been admitted. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

Plaintiff’s WS at paras 72–76.

58 According to the plaintiff, the exclusion of expert evidence led to the
Arbitrator deciding that such clauses would survive the termination of the
Contracts, thus “resulting in the Tribunal making the third dispositive order
in the Award”. That was the serious prejudice the plaintiff had suffered and
which had altered the final outcome of the arbitral proceedings. Had the
Arbitrator allowed the plaintiff’s expert evidence, “the third dispositive
order would not have been made”. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

Plaintiff’s WS at paras 83–84.

59 The defendant submitted that the Arbitrator “concluded, after a full
consideration of [the plaintiff’s] submissions, that expert evidence” would
“not be relevant and/or helpful in resolving the dispute between the parties”.
85

##### Foot Note 85

×

Defendant’s WS at para 45.

The defendant highlighted that the following chronology of events demonstrates
clearly that there was no failure in the arbitral process as far as the
Arbitrator’s procedural ruling was concerned:

(a) 3 January 2020: the plaintiff sent an email to the defendant stating the
specific questions that the plaintiff’s expert witness would cover. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

Terrence Chiu Ying Terng’s 1st Affidavit dated 21 January 2021 Exhibit TC–1 at
pp 1308–1310 (Email from plaintiff’s solicitors dated 3 January 2020 at 11:33
at S/N 4).

The defendant replied that that was the “first time” that the plaintiff had
“given notice of its intention to tender expert evidence on the [C]lause 26
issue”. In that regard, “[n]o permission to tender evidence of this point was
given when the [List of Issues] was finalised, nor was leave sought at any
time prior to the submission of factual witness statements” and in any case,
“the point raised is a legal one and not one for expert evidence”. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

Terrence Chiu Ying Terng’s 1st Affidavit dated 21 January 2021 Exhibit TC–1 at
pp 1306–1308 (Email from defendant’s solicitors dated 3 January 2020 at 8:12PM
at S/N 4).

(b) 6 January 2020: the Arbitrator directed the plaintiff to respond to the
defendant’s points and explain why expert evidence was required, having regard
to the pleadings and the List of Issues. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

Terrence Chiu Ying Terng’s 1st Affidavit dated 21 January 2021 Exhibit TC–1 at
p 1306 (Email dated 6 January 2020 at 2:24PM).

(c) 7 January 2020: the plaintiff explained that “as final destination
provisions are a relatively recent feature of the industry, with some major
traders adopting this but others not, it might be helpful for the Tribunal to
have industry expertise brought to bear”. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

Terrence Chiu Ying Terng’s 1st Affidavit dated 21 January 2021 Exhibit TC–1 at
p 1299 (Letter dated 7 January 2020 at para 9).

(d) 8 January 2020: the defendant maintained that the plaintiff’s application
to adduce expert evidence on the Clause 26 issue should be disallowed “for the
simple reason that the [C]lause 26 issue is strictly a legal issue and not an
issue of ‘industry practice’ or one for expert evidence”. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

Terrence Chiu Ying Terng’s 1st Affidavit dated 21 January 2021 Exhibit TC–1 at
p 1304 (Email dated 8 January 2020 at para 16).

(e) 9 January 2020: the Arbitrator conveyed his decision to the parties by
email, having “reviewed the pleadings again in detail as well as the various
submissions filed by the parties” and having considered rr 19.1, 19.2 and 41.2
of the SIAC Rules. In respect of the issue in question, the Arbitrator did not
“consider that industry expertise will assist in the proper construction of
the contract and whether as a matter of law Clause 26 survives termination”
and thus “decline[d] to permit expert evidence on this issue”. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

Terrence Chiu Ying Terng’s 1st Affidavit dated 21 January 2021 Exhibit TC–1 at
p 1323 (Email dated 9 January 2020 timed at 11:37).

I reproduce below the relevant parts of the Arbitrator’s ruling: 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

Terrence Chiu Ying Terng’s 1st Affidavit dated 21 January 2021 Exhibit TC–1 at
pp 1321 and 1323 (Email dated 9 January 2020 timed at 11:37).

It is somewhat unusual to be faced with an application of this sort before the
expert evidence has been filed. Without seeing the evidence, there is an
element of conjecture in being able to determine what relevance and probative
value such evidence might have. I must therefore proceed with caution in
debarring evidence prior to seeing it. To be clear, the directions below are
not a determination by me of the relevance, materiality and admissibility of
the expert evidence to be filed.

…

Finally, I turn to issue 4(a). This issue is described as whether as a matter
of industry practice Clause 26 survives the termination of the First Disputed
Contract. The Claimant has elaborated to explain that “as final destination
provisions are a relatively recent feature of the industry, with some major
traders adopting this but others not, it might be helpful for the Tribunal to
have industry expertise brought to bear”. I do not consider that industry
expertise will assist in the proper construction of the contract and whether
as a matter of law Clause 26 survives termination. As a consequence, I decline
to permit expert evidence on this issue.

[emphasis in original]

60 The defendant submitted that from the chronology set out above, it is clear
that the Arbitrator’s ruling was made “after a full consideration of [the
plaintiff’s] submissions”. In those circumstances, there was no breach of the
rules of natural justice. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

Defendant’s WS at paras 45–47.

Even if there was a breach, there was no prejudice occasioned by such breach.
The defendant highlighted that the plaintiff “did have the opportunity to
convince the Tribunal that Clause 26 did not survive the termination of the
First Contract, and in fact fully exercised that opportunity”. As the issue
was one of construction of the First Contract which, in turn, was based on
ascertaining the parties’ intentions as to the scope of Clause 26, expert
evidence on industry practice could have “no bearing on the issue”. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

Defendant’s WS at paras 49–55.

61 The foregoing circumstances also made the present case distinguishable from
CBS. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

Defendant’s WS at paras 56–60.

In that case, the arbitrator directed that “there would be no witnesses
presented at the hearing” and only allowed the hearing “for oral submissions
only” [emphasis in original] (at [27]).

The applicable legal principles

62 It is well established that Article 18 of the Model Law, while providing
that each party shall have a “full opportunity” of presenting its case, is
understood to mean that each party has a right to have a reasonable
opportunity to present its case (ADG and another v ADI another matter [2014] 3
SLR 481 (“ADG”) at [104]). The “full opportunity” to present one’s case is
“not an unlimited one and must be balanced against considerations of
reasonableness, efficiency and fairness” (CBS at [50]; ADG at [105]).

63 What amounts to a reasonable opportunity to be heard is, in turn, an
intensely factual inquiry. The court’s concern is whether the proceedings were
“conducted in a fair manner” (CBS at [51]). Ultimately, the overarching
enquiry is whether “what the tribunal did (or decided not to do) falls within
the range of what a reasonable and fair-minded tribunal in those circumstances
might have done” (China Machine at [98]).

64 In applying this test, the court assesses the tribunal’s decision with
reference to “what was known to the tribunal at the material time” [emphasis
in original] (China Machine at [99]). Furthermore, the court accords a “margin
of deference to the tribunal in its exercise of procedural discretion”
precisely because an arbitration tribunal “possesses a wide discretion to
determine the arbitral procedure” and such discretion “is exercised within a
highly specific and fact-intensive contextual milieu, the finer points of
which the court may not be privy to” (China Machine at [103]).

65 The foregoing principles are particularly apposite to a party’s conduct
during the arbitral proceedings and, in particular, with regard to procedural
issues that may arise in the course of the arbitration. The Court of Appeal
has made it clear that if a party “intends to contend that there has been a
fatal failure in the process of the arbitration, then there must be fair
intimation to the tribunal that the complaining party intends to take that
point at the appropriate time if the tribunal insists on proceeding” [emphasis
in original]. If a party so alleges that there has been such a fatal process
failure and its hopes for a fair hearing have thereby been “irretrievably
dashed by the acts of the tribunal”, then it “cannot simply ‘reserve’ its
position until after the award and if the result turns out to be palatable to
it, not pursue the point, or if it were otherwise to then take the point”
(China Machine at [168], [170]). As this court observed in CAI v CAJ [2021]
SGHC 21 at [2], if an aggrieved party equivocates or keeps silent on the
manner in which the arbitral proceedings are conducted only to raise
objections subsequently in a setting aside application, such conduct would be
viewed unfavourably by the court as an illegitimate attempt by that party to
hedge its position.

My analysis and decision

66 Bearing these principles in mind, I conclude that there was no breach of
natural justice occasioned by the Arbitrator’s decision to exclude expert
evidence on Clause 26. The Arbitrator’s decision was reasoned and arrived at
after considering the arguments raised by both parties. The manner in which
the Arbitrator dealt with the application and issued his ruling on the
plaintiff’s application could not in any way be described as irrational or
capricious. The Arbitrator’s decision to disallow the plaintiff’s application
to tender expert evidence on the Clause 26 issue was well within the ambit of
the wide discretionary powers of the Arbitrator to determine matters
pertaining to procedure and evidence, as well as the deference given to
arbitrators on such matters. Nor could it be said that what the Arbitrator did
fell outside the range of what a reasonable and fair-minded tribunal in those
circumstances might have done.

67 Further, there was no objection raised by the plaintiff to the Arbitrator’s
decision which was rendered on 9 January 2020. Mr Lee referred me to an email
sent by the plaintiff’s solicitors to the Arbitrator on 16 January 2020, where
the plaintiff indicated that it “will comply, but under protest, with [the
Arbitrator’s decision rendered on 9 January 2020] (with compulsive force) for
exchange of expert evidence, which has shifted from a full simultaneous
exchange, which was Parties’ longstanding agreement since the procedural
architecture was fixed, to a part-simultaneous-part-sequential one” [emphasis
added]. In this regard, the plaintiff indicated its “rights are respectfully
reserved”. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

Terrence Chiu Ying Terng’s 1st Affidavit dated 21 January 2021 Exhibit TC–1 at
pp 1315 and 1323 (Email dated 16 January 2020 timed at 11:13).

68 I disagreed with the plaintiff that this purported reservation of rights
was adequate; on the contrary, it was clear to me that it was in fact woefully
inadequate. I say this for several reasons.

69 First, the plaintiff’s purported reservation of rights was not in fact
directed at the Arbitrator’s decision to disallow expert evidence on the
Clause 26 issue. Rather, the plaintiff’s complaint and purported reservation
of rights was in relation to the Arbitrator’s further procedural decision
directing that part of the expert evidence be submitted sequentially instead
of being exchanged. Thus, insofar as the Arbitrator’s decision disallowing
expert evidence on the Clause 26 issue was concerned, there was in fact no
reservation of rights at all. Further, for completeness and as stated below at
[74], even the complaint pertaining to sequential submission of expert
evidence was dropped by the plaintiff and was no longer in issue in OS 51.

70 Second, the Arbitrator’s ruling disallowing the expert evidence was made
prior to the evidentiary hearing which took place in March 2020. Nevertheless,
the plaintiff continued with the proceedings right through to the completion
of the evidentiary hearing and closing submissions without demur.

71 In my judgment, the plaintiff’s conduct was precisely the sort of hedging
and equivocation that the Court of Appeal in China Machine had expressly
cautioned arbitrants against (see above at [65]). It was thus not open to the
plaintiff to belatedly raise the objection before this court that it was not
afforded a reasonable opportunity to be heard by reason of the Arbitrator’
procedural decision to disallow expert evidence on the Clause 26 issue.

72 In any event, I failed to see what prejudice was occasioned to the
plaintiff. I accept the defendant’s argument that, based on the Arbitrator’s
reasoning and conclusions reached on the substantive issue pertaining to
Clause 26 (identified by the Arbitrator as Issue 13(a) in the List of Issues),
any expert evidence led by the plaintiff, even if allowed, could not have
reasonably made any difference to the outcome. It is clear that ultimately,
the Arbitrator’s decision on whether Clause 26 survived termination of the
First Contract turned entirely on the construction of the First Contract and
clause 26. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

Terrence Chiu Ying Terng’s 1st Affidavit dated 21 January 2021 Exhibit TC–1 at
p 71 (Award at paras 197–199).

In those circumstances, expert evidence would, in my judgment, have made no
difference to the Arbitrator’s analysis and decision on this issue.

73 For the foregoing reasons, the 2nd NJ Breach alleged by the plaintiff was
also not made out.

74 Finally and for completeness, the plaintiff also appeared to raise, in its
supporting affidavit, 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

Terrence Chiu Ying Terng’s 1st Affidavit dated 21 January 2021 at para 59.

certain further objections relating to the Arbitrator (a) disallowing expert
evidence on the issue of the reasonableness of the defendant’s decision to
order/acquire gasoil to fulfil the Second Contract without the plaintiff
having provided a letter of credit and (b) directing that part of the expert
evidence be submitted sequentially, these further objections were dropped by
the plaintiff and no longer pursued during the hearing before me. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

Transcript dated 21 April 2021 at p 2, lines 35–38.

Conclusion

75 For the reasons set out above, I dismissed the plaintiff’s application in
its entirety and awarded costs to the defendant. I fixed costs at S$15,000
(inclusive of disbursements) to be paid by the plaintiff to the defendant.

76 Finally, as the plaintiff’s application was unsuccessful, there was no need
for me to consider the defendant’s alternative arguments on remitting the
Award to the Arbitrator.

S Mohan  
Judicial Commissioner|  
---|---  
  
Lee Wei Yuen Arvin (Li Weiyun), Lyssetta Teo Li Lin and Tay Ting Xun Leon (Wee
Swee Teow LLP) for the plaintiff;

Siraj Omar SC, Allister Brendan Tan Yu Kuan, Joelle Tan and Hendroff
Fitzgerald L (Drew & Napier LLC) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 13 Oct 2021 (10:51 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

