Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC 205

Suit No 628 of 2020 (Summons No 3880 of 2020)

Between

(1)| Ok Tedi Fly River Development Foundation Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| Tom Waipa  
(3)| Brian Goware  
(4)| Gariba David Marude  
(5)| Sisa Baidam  
(6)| Max Giawele  
(7)| Robin Inberem Moken Morgen  
(8)| Bob Wai  
(9)| Bosi Kasiman  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

(1)| Ok Tedi Mining Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| PNG Sustainable Development Program Ltd  
(3)| Mekere Morauta  
(4)| The Independent State of Papua New Guinea  
(5)| TMF Trustees Singapore Ltd  
  
… Defendants

Grounds of decision

[Civil Procedure] — [Pleadings] — [Striking out]

[Equity] — [Fiduciary relationships] — [When arising] — [Characteristics of an
ad hoc fiduciary]

[Trusts] — [Constructive trusts] — [Requirements for imposition of remedial
constructive trust]

[Tort] — [Conspiracy] — [Elements of lawful means and unlawful means
conspiracies]

[Restitution] — [Unjust enrichment] — [Elements of unjust enrichment]
—[Interceptive subtraction] — [Total failure of consideration, exploitation of
weakness and ignorance as unjust factors]

* * *

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Ok Tedi Fly River Development Foundation Ltd and others

  
v

  

Ok Tedi Mining Ltd and others

[2021] SGHC 205

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 628 of 2020 (Summons No 3880 of
2020)  
Vinodh Coomaraswamy J  
15, 21, 25, 29 January 2021

30 September 2021

Vinodh Coomaraswamy J:

Introduction

1 The subject-matter of this action is a fund worth about US$1.48 billion 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

John Malcolm Wylie’s 1st Affidavit of 9 September 2020 (“JMW’s 1st Affidavit”)
at para 29.

which the second defendant holds and administers. The plaintiffs bring this
action in an attempt to secure, among other relief, an order that the second
defendant pay the entire fund over to the first plaintiff to hold and
administer. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Proposed Amended Statement of Claim (“PASOC”) at p 100.

2 The second defendant has applied to strike out the entirety of the
plaintiffs’ claim against it under O 18 r 19(1) of the Rules of Court (2014
Rev Ed). I have allowed the application. The plaintiffs have appealed against
my decision. I now set out the grounds for my decision.

Background

The plaintiffs

3 The plaintiffs bring this action as representatives of all of the members of
certain communities in the Western Province of Papua New Guinea which have
been adversely affected by the environmental damage caused by an open pit gold
and copper mine at Mount Fubilan in that province (“the Mine”). 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

PASOC at para 17.

The plaintiffs refer to these communities as “the Affected Communities”. The
members of the Affected Communities number over 147,000 individuals. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

PASOC at para 3.

4 The first plaintiff is Ok Tedi Fly River Development Foundation Ltd (“the
Foundation”). The Foundation is a company incorporated in Papua New Guinea in
2016. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

JMW’s 1st Affidavit at p 1193.

It brings this action as the assignee of causes of action originally vested in
the members of certain communities forming a subset of the Affected
Communities. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

PASOC at paras 1, 2A–2B, 6.

In the alternative, the Foundation brings this action as trustee on behalf of
those same individuals under O 15 r 14 of the Rules of Court. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

PASOC at para 7; Samson Jubi’s 2nd Affidavit of 15 October 2020 (“SJ’s 2nd
Affidavit”) at para 47.

5 The second to ninth plaintiffs are individual members of the Affected
Communities. They bring this action as a representative proceeding under O 15
r 12 of the Rules of Court on behalf of all of the members of the Affected
Communities. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

PASOC at para 8, p 6.

The defendants

6 The first defendant is Ok Tedi Mining Limited (“OTML”). OTML is a company
incorporated in Papua New Guinea for the specific purpose of owning and
operating the Mine.

7 The second defendant is PNG Sustainable Development Program Ltd (“PNGSDP”).
PNGSDP is a company limited by guarantee incorporated in Singapore in 2001 for
the specific purpose of holding 52% of the shares in OTML (“the Shares”),
receiving the dividends and other money arising from the Shares
(“Distributions”) 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

PASOC at para 36; JMW’s 1st Affidavit at p 462.

and applying Distributions, in part, to promote sustainable development within
Papua New Guinea and to advance the general welfare of the people of Papua New
Guinea – particularly those of the Western Province – by carrying out programs
and projects for social and environmental purposes for their benefit. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

PASOC at para 56(a); JMW’s 1st Affidavit at p 428, Art 3(i).

8 The third defendant is Sir Mekere Morauta (“Sir Mekere”). Sir Mekere was the
Prime Minister of Papua New Guinea from 1999 to 2002. He was the Chairman of
PNGSDP’s board of directors (“the Board”) from 2012 to 2017 and a member of
PNGSDP 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

PASOC at para 11.

from 2013 until he died at the age of 74 in 2020. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

John Malcolm Wylie’s 4th Affidavit of 30 December 2020 (“JMW’s 4th Affidavit”)
at para 21 and pp 9 to 11.

Sir Mekere has been credited with having had “the most impact in terms of
reformist policies which set the conditions for prosperity, growth and new
models for governance for his nation” 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

JMW’s 4th Affidavit at p 11.

and was described on his death as a “champion reformist” and “an extraordinary
Pacific statesman”. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

JMW’s 4th Affidavit at p 9.

9 The fourth defendant is The Independent State of Papua New Guinea (“the
State”).

10 The fifth defendant is TMF Trustees Singapore Ltd (“the Security Trustee”).
The Security Trustee holds very broad security interests over virtually all of
PNGSDP’s present and future assets – including the Shares and Distributions –
as security for the punctual performance of PNGSDP’s obligation to indemnify
certain persons (see [29]–[33] below). The fifth defendant replaced the
original security trustee appointed under the security arrangements. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

JMW’s 1st Affidavit at p 534.

Nothing material to this decision turns on this identity of the security
trustee. I therefore draw no distinction between the fifth defendant and the
original security trustee.

The previous litigation

11 This action is the latest episode in long running litigation over the past
thirty years in Singapore, Papua New Guinea 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

JMW’s 1st Affidavit at para 35 and p 963.

and Victoria 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

PASOC at para 25.

arising initially from the Mine and its activities and, more recently, from
attempts to assert control over PNGSDP and its assets.

12 The Singapore litigation commenced in 2013. That is when PNGSDP brought an
application against the State seeking to reverse or annul the State’s attempts
to assert control over PNGSDP. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

HC/OS 795/2013.

In 2014, PNGSDP’s application was converted into an action by the State
against PNGSDP seeking, among other things: (a) a judicial determination that
the State had the right to appoint a majority to PNGSDP’s Board; and (b) a
full account of PNGSDP’s dealings with its assets.

13 The State failed in that earlier litigation, both at first instance and on
appeal (see respectively Independent State of Papua New Guinea v PNG
Sustainable Development Program Ltd [2019] SGHC 68 (“State v PNGSDP (HC)”) and
Independent State of Papua New Guinea v PNG Sustainable Development Program
Ltd [2020] 2 SLR 200 (“State v PNGSDP (CA)”)). 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

JMW’s 1st affidavit at para 31.

14 The plaintiffs in this action were not parties to that earlier litigation.
The outcome of that litigation therefore gives rise to no res judicata which
affects any of the issues in this action or in the striking out application
now before me. But some of the findings from the two judgments in that
litigation have some bearing on this application. I will refer to those
findings as necessary.

The Mine and the environmental damage

15 The background to the plaintiffs’ claim against PNGSDP goes back to 1976.
That was when the State and an Australian multinational mining company now
known as BHP Group Limited (“BHP Group”) incorporated OTML to own and operate
the Mine.

16 OTML shares were held as follows for most of its existence. BHP Group held
52% of OTML’s shares through its wholly owned subsidiary, BHP Minerals
Holdings Pty Ltd (“BHP Minerals”). 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

PASOC at para 18.

The State held 30% of OTML’s shares: 20% directly and 10% through a corporate
vehicle. A minority shareholder held the remaining 18% of OTML’s shares.

17 The Mine is exceptionally lucrative, generating a substantial proportion of
Papua New Guinea’s gross domestic product. Unfortunately, the Mine is also
exceptionally harmful to the environment in the Affected Communities. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

PASOC at paras 20 to 24.

18 Between 1994 and 1996, as a result of the environmental harm which the Mine
was causing to the Affected Communities, individual members of the Affected
Communities brought proceedings against BHP Group and OTML in the Supreme
Court of Victoria and in Papua New Guinea. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

PASOC at para 25.

In 1996, all of those proceedings were settled by a settlement agreement. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

PASOC at paras 26 to 28.

19 In 2000, the parties to the settlement agreement alleged that the agreement
had been breached. As a result, they brought a class action against BHP Group
and OTML in the Supreme Court of Victoria (“the 2000 Class Action”). 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

PASOC at para 29.

PNGSDP’s incorporation

The divestment

20 Soon after the 2000 Class Action commenced, BHP Group announced its plan to
exit as a shareholder of OTML. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

PASOC at para 30.

The full factual background to the exit plan can be found in the two judgments
in the earlier Singapore litigation (see [12] above). That background need not
be repeated here. It suffices for present purposes to say that a key part of
the exit plan was for BHP Minerals to divest its entire 52% shareholding in
OTML to a special purpose vehicle.

21 PNGSDP was incorporated in Singapore in October 2001 to be that special
purpose vehicle. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

JMW’s 1st Affidavit, para 22.

PNGSDP’s corporate constitution is set out in three documents: (a) its
Memorandum of Association (“the Memorandum”); (b) its Articles of Association
(“the Articles”); and (c) a schedule to the Articles called the “Program
Rules”. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

JMW’s 1st Affidavit at para 23, pp 433, 447.

PNGSDP’s objects

22 Clause 3 of the Memorandum sets out PNGSDP’s three objects (“the Objects”).
The Objects can be summarised as follows: 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

PASOC at para 56; JMW’s 1st Affidavit at para 23 and p 428.

(a) To promote sustainable development within Papua New Guinea and to advance
the general welfare of the people of Papua New Guinea, particularly those of
the Western Province, through programs and projects for social and
environmental purposes for their benefit.

(b) To identify and evaluate, finance, project manage and report on programs
and projects which support sustainable development for the people of Papua New
Guinea, particularly those of the Western Province.

(c) To carry out the sustainable development program set out in and in
accordance with the Program Rules.

It is significant that the Objects refer generally to the people of the
Western Province and of Papua New Guinea and do not refer specifically to the
Affected Communities or their members.

The Program Rules

23 The Program Rules has effect as part of the statutory contract embodied in
its Articles as between PNGSDP and its members for the time being. I analyse
PNGSDP’s contractual obligations under the Program Rules in greater detail at
[77]–[79] below. For now, it suffices to note the following two points.

24 First, the central provision of the Program Rules obliges PNGSDP to
establish a fund known as the Long Term Fund. The purpose of the Long Term
Fund is to hold, broadly speaking, two thirds of all Distributions and the
accumulated investment income earned on the Long Term Fund. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

JMW’s 1st Affidavit at pp 451–453, 463 (Program Rules, cll 9.2, 9.3, 9.4, 9.5,
21.1).

Under the Program Rules, PNGSDP undertook express contractual obligations to
its members as to how it was to apply: (a) Distributions; (b) the Long Term
Fund; and (c) investment income earned on the Long Term fund.

25 Second, cl 9 of the Program Rules, among other things, both permits and
obliges PNGSDP to apply the Distributions for the benefit of two classes of
people: (a) the people of the Western Province; and (b) the people of Papua
New Guinea (see [78]–[79] below). 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

JMW’s 1st Affidavit, p 452.

Both of these classes include, but are not confined to, members of Affected
Communities. This is because not all of the communities in the Western
Province were affected by the environmental damage caused by the Mine. The
members of the Affected Communities are therefore a subset of the people of
the Western Province, who are in turn a subset of the people of Papua New
Guinea. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

John Malcolm Wylie’s 3rd Affidavit of 23 November 2020 (“JMW’s 3rd Affidavit”)
at para 12, p 42; Transcript, 15 January 2021, pp 12:28–13:14.

The plaintiffs complain about this feature of the Program Rules and describe
it as “the Shared Benefits Arrangement”. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

PASOC at para 45(f).

The exit plan is implemented

26 The exit plan was implemented between December 2001 and February 2002 in a
number of steps. Four of those steps are relevant for present purposes.

27 First, BHP Group, OTML and OTML’s four shareholders (including the State
and BHP Minerals) entered into a contract known as The Ok Tedi Mine
Continuation (Ninth Supplemental) Agreement (“Ninth Supplemental Agreement”).
33

##### Foot Note 33

×

JMW’s 1st Affidavit at p 632.

By this contract, BHP Group confirmed its intention to exit OTML and agreed
that BHP Minerals should transfer the Shares to PNGSDP. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

PASOC at para 38; JMW’s 1st Affidavit at p 635.

28 Second, PNGSDP entered into a contract known as the “Master Agreement” with
BHP Group, OTML and OTML’s shareholders (including the State and BHP
Minerals). 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

JMW’s 1st Affidavit at p 470.

By cl 3.1 of the Master Agreement, BHP Minerals agreed to transfer the Shares
to PNGSDP. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

JMW’s 1st Affidavit at p 474.

The consideration for this transfer was PNGSDP’s contractual undertaking in cl
3.2 of the Master Agreement to comply with the Program Rules. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

JMW’s 1st Affidavit at p 475.

PNGSDP gave this undertaking expressly for the benefit of four entities: BHP
Minerals, BHP Group, the State and OTML. PNGSDP thereby gave each of these
four entities a direct right to enforce the Program Rules against it, separate
from and independent of its obligation to the members of PNGSDP for the time
being to comply with the Program Rules as a component of PNGSDP’s corporate
constitution.

29 Third, PNGSDP executed two deeds of indemnity: one in favour of BHP Group
(“BHP’s Indemnity”) 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

PASOC at para 45(b); JMW’s 1st Affidavit at para 24(b), p 498 and p 504.

and another in favour of the State (“the State’s Indemnity”). 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

JMW’s 1st Affidavit at para 24(c) and p 516.

Under BHP’s Indemnity, PNGSDP agreed to indemnify BHP Group, its subsidiaries
(including BHP Minerals but not OTML) and all of those subsidiaries’
directors, officers and employees for any and all liability arising from any
future environmental damage caused by the Mine, including BHP’s liability to
the State. Under the State’s Indemnity, PNGSDP agreed to indemnify the State,
its political subdivisions, instrumentalities and authorities and any Minister
or officer of such instrumentality and authority acting in that capacity
against all liability arising from any environmental damage caused by the
Mine.

30 Finally, in February 2002, as security for the punctual performance of its
obligations under BHP’s Indemnity and the State’s Indemnity, PNGSDP entered
into a security deed (“the Security Deed”), 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

JMW’s 1st Affidavit, at para 24(d) and p 534; PASOC at paras 45(b)(iii) to
45(b)(iv).

an equitable mortgage over the Shares (“the Equitable Mortgage”) 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

JMW’s 1st Affidavit, at para 24(f) and p 603.

and a security trust deed (“the Security Trust Deed”. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

JMW’s 1st Affidavit, at para 24(e) and p 571.

I shall refer to these three contracts collectively as “the Security
Arrangements”. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

PASOC at para 45(b); JMW’s 1st Affidavit at para 24(f).

31 The parties to the Security Deed are PNGSDP, OTML and the Security Trustee.
44

##### Foot Note 44

×

JMW’s 1st Affidavit at p 534 and 546.

By the Security Deed, PNGSDP created an equitable mortgage over Distributions
and a fixed and floating charge over virtually all of PNGSDP’s present and
future assets in favour of the Security Trustee for the benefit of the State
and BHP as security for the punctual performance of its obligations under
BHP’s Indemnity and the State’s Indemnity. The Security Deed required PNGSDP
to deposit with the Security Trustee a duly executed blank transfer form in
respect of the Shares and to direct OTML to forward the original certificates
for the Shares directly to the Security Trustee upon issuance in PNGSDP’s
name. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

JMW’s 1st Affidavit at p 546, at cl 2.3.

32 The parties to the Equitable Mortgage are PNGSDP and the Security Trustee.
By the Equitable Mortgage, PNGSDP created an equitable mortgage over its
present and future interest in the Shares, in all after-acquired Shares and in
all future rights arising from the Shares in favour of the Security Trustee as
security for the punctual performance of its obligations under BHP’s Indemnity
and the State’s Indemnity. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

JMW’s 1st Affidavit at p 607 to 608, cl 2.1.

33 The parties to the Security Trust Deed are the Security Trustee, PNGSDP,
BHP Group, the State and OTML. The Security Trust Deed sets out the rights,
duties, powers and immunities of the Security Trustee and, in particular, how
it is to enforce its security rights under the Security Deed and the Equitable
Mortgage and how it is obliged to distribute the proceeds of any such
enforcement as between the many persons for whose ultimate benefit PNGSDP had
granted the security.

The State expropriates the Shares

34 In 2013, during an intractable dispute between the State and PNGSDP over
control of PNGSDP which led to the earlier litigation in Singapore (see
[11]–[13] above), the State expropriated PNGSDP’s 52% shareholding in OTML
without compensation. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

JMW’s 1st Affidavit at para 30.

It did this by enacting legislation 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

JMW’s 1st Affidavit at p 764.

which cancelled the Shares and obliged OTML to issue to the State new shares
equivalent to 52% of its issued and paid-up share capital.

35 As a result of this legislation, PNGSDP ceased to be a shareholder of OTML
in 2013. PNGSDP therefore ceased receiving any Distributions in and from 2013.
Part of the plaintiffs’ case against PNGSDP is that this amounted to Mine
Closure within the meaning of the Program Rules and obliged PNGSDP to activate
what the plaintiffs call “the Mine Closure Plan”. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

PASOC at para 112.

By that term, the plaintiffs refer to the combined effect of cll 9.4, 9.5,
10.3 and 10.4 of the Program Rules. I analyse the effect of these clauses at
[79] below.

The plaintiffs commence this action

36 The plaintiffs commenced this action in July 2020 against OTML, PNGSDP, Sir
Mekere, the State and the Security Trustee. For reasons which will become
apparent (see [46] below), the impetus for this action was my judgment in the
earlier Singapore litigation.

37 In order to analyse the plaintiffs’ claims against PNGSDP and to explain
why I have struck all of them out, it is first necessary to analyse briefly
the plaintiffs’ claims against OTML.

The plaintiffs’ claim against OTML

38 Of the plaintiffs’ multiple claims against OTML, the only one which is
relevant for present purposes is the claim in deceit. That claim arises in the
following way.

39 After BHP Group decided to exit its investment in OTML in 2000, OTML
appointed teams of Community Relation Officers (“CROs”) to communicate the
exit plan to the members of the Affected Communities. The plaintiffs’ case is
that OTML, acting through the CRO teams, fraudulently made two
misrepresentations in 2000 and 2001 to the members of the Affected Communities
or their representatives about the nature of the exit plan. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

PASOC at para 32.

The plaintiffs call these representations collectively “the Share Offload
Representations”.

40 The plaintiffs plead that the Share Offload Representations were to the
effect that, in consideration of the members of the Affected Communities
discontinuing the 2000 Class Action and releasing OTML, BHP Minerals and BHP
Group from liability:

(a) the Shares and Distributions would belong beneficially to the members of
the Affected Communities; and

(b) Distributions would be used to ameliorate the effects on the members of
the Affected Communities of the environmental damage caused by the Mine. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

PASOC at para 32.

41 The plaintiffs’ plead that the meaning and effect of the Share Offload
Representations were that: 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

PASOC at para 32A.

(a) The members of the Affected Communities would have a beneficial interest
in the Shares and Distributions;

(b) The Shares and Distributions would be held on trust for the benefit of the
members of the Affected Communities and/or for the purpose of ameliorating the
environmental damage caused by the Mine; and/or

(c) The Shares would be unencumbered.

The plaintiffs refer to this meaning and effect as the “Share Offload
Understanding”.

42 The plaintiffs then plead that OTML is liable to the members of the
Affected Communities in the tort of deceit 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

PASOC at para 42.

on the following four grounds, with each ground tracking the elements of the
tort.

43 First, the plaintiffs plead that the Share Offload Representations are
false in that:

(a) OTML did not have any honest belief or any present intention to carry out
the Share Offload Representations at the time it made the representations; 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

PASOC at para 45(a).

and

(b) the exit plan as eventually implemented falsified the Share Offload
Representations in three ways:

(i) BHP Minerals transferred the Shares to PNGSDP outright and therefore the
Shares were not held on trust for the members of the Affected Communities. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

PASOC at para 45(g).

(ii) by reason of the Shared Benefits Arrangement, Distributions were not to
be applied for the benefit of the members of the Affected Communities but were
instead to be shared with Papua New Guineans who were unaffected by the
environmental damage caused by the Mine. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

PASOC at para 45(f).

(iii) the Shares were subject to the Security Arrangements and were therefore
not unencumbered. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

PASOC at para 45(c).

44 Second, the plaintiffs plead that OTML made the Share Offload
Representations fraudulently, either knowing that the two representations were
false or recklessly, not caring whether they were true or false. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

PASOC at para 47.

45 Third, the plaintiffs plead that, in reliance on the truth of the Share
Offload Representations, the members of the Affected Communities or their
representatives executed: 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

PASOC at paras 33 and 48, p 110.

(a) forms agreeing to opt out of the 2000 Class Action (“Opt-Out Forms”); and

(b) contracts with OTML known as Community Mine Continuation Agreements
(“CMCAs”) providing for, among other things, the Mine to continue operations
and for the members of the Affected Communities to discontinue the 2000 Class
Action and release OTML, BHP Minerals and BHP Group from all claims arising
from the operation of the Mine. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

PASOC at para 33.

It is common ground 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

JMW’s 1st Affidavit at para 105; Second defendant’s written submissions of 7
January 2021 (“2DS”) at para 78; Plaintiffs’ written submissions of 7 January
2021 (“PS”) at para 109.

that in or around 2012, through CMCA extension agreements (“CMCEAs”), the
members of the Affected Communities have agreed to extend the life of the Mine
to 2025.

46 Fourth, the plaintiffs plead that the members of the Affected Communities
discovered that the Share Offload Representations were false only in April
2019, when I delivered my judgment in State v PNGSDP (HC). From that judgment,
the members of the Affected Communities learned for the first time that the
Shares and Distributions were not subject to any trust and were not
unencumbered. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

PASOC at paras 45(h) to 45(i).

PNGSDP’s striking out application

47 The plaintiffs’ case against PNGSDP comprises four claims: (a) breach of
fiduciary duty; (b) remedial constructive trust; (c) conspiracy by lawful and
unlawful means; and (d) unjust enrichment.

48 PNGSDP submits that the plaintiffs’ claims ought to be struck out on both
procedural grounds and substantive grounds. The procedural grounds are as
follows: (a) none of the plaintiffs have the standing to bring these claims;
(b) the plaintiffs’ claims are barred by Papua New Guinea legislation and by
contractual provisions in the CMCAs and CMCEAs; 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

2DS at paras 77–84.

and (c) the plaintiffs’ claims are time-barred under the Limitation Act (Cap
163, 1996 Rev Ed). 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

2DS at paras 85–88.

In order to focus on the substance of the plaintiffs’ claims against PNGSDP, I
shall assume all of these procedural grounds in the plaintiffs’ favour without
coming to any decision on them.

The proposed amended statement of claim

49 In the course of argument on PNGSDP’s substantive grounds for striking out
the plaintiffs’ claim, I pointed out to plaintiffs’ counsel a number of
shortcomings in the plaintiffs’ statement of claim. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Transcript, 21 January 2021, p 107:8–108:25.

As a result, before concluding his oral submissions, plaintiffs’ counsel
tendered a proposed amended statement of claim (“PASOC”). 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

TSMP Law Corporation’s letter to the Registry dated 21 January 2021;
Transcript, 25 January 2021, p 2:3–11.

He did so on the basis that the PASOC set out the plaintiffs’ best and final
pleading on each of their four claims against PNGSDP. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Transcript, 21 January 2021, p 112:14–113:8.

50 It is a well-established principle that a defective pleading ought in
general not to be struck out if its defects can be cured by amendment. I
therefore allowed the plaintiffs to resist PNGSDP’s striking out application
by relying on the PASOC, rather than their statement of claim as filed and
served. I have accordingly approached PNGSDP’s striking out application on the
basis that the plaintiffs cannot improve upon the manner in which they have
pleaded their four claims against PNGSDP in the PASOC, either by further
amendment or by supplying further particulars of the very serious allegations
the plaintiffs make in it.

51 In the extracts from the PASOC which I quote in this judgment, I have
omitted all underlining found in the original which signifies a proposed
amendment to the plaintiff’s statement of claim as filed and served.

52 Having considered the parties’ submissions in light of the PASOC, I have
allowed PNGSDP’s application in full and struck out all four of the
plaintiffs’ claims against PNGSDP. I now summarise the law on striking out
before explaining why I have struck out each of the four claims.

Law on striking out

53 A pleading may be struck under O 18 r 19(1)(a) if it discloses no
reasonable cause of action. A reasonable cause of action is a cause of action
with some chance of success when only the allegations in the pleading are
considered. So long as the statement of claim discloses some cause of action
or raises some question fit to be decided at trial, the mere fact that the
case is weak and is not likely to succeed is no ground for striking it out
under this limb of O 18 r 19(1): Ng Chee Weng v Lim Jit Ming Bryan [2012] 1
SLR 457 at [110].

54 A pleading may be struck out under O 18 r 19(1)(b) if it is scandalous,
frivolous or vexatious. There is no suggestion that the PASOC is scandalous. A
pleading is frivolous or vexatious if it is obviously unsustainable (Singapore
Civil Procedure 2021 vol 1 (Cavinder Bull gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 2021) at
para 18/19/12). A pleading is plainly or obviously unsustainable if it is
either (The “Bunga Melati 5” [2012] 4 SLR 546 (“Bunga Melati 5”) at [39]):

(a) legally unsustainable, ie where “it may be clear as a matter of law at the
outset that even if a party were to succeed in proving all the facts that he
offers to prove he will not be entitled to the remedy that he seeks”; or

(b) factually unsustainable, ie where “it is possible to say with confidence
before trial that the factual basis for the claim is fanciful because it is
entirely without substance, [for example, if it is] clear beyond question that
the statement of facts is contradicted by all the documents or other material
on which it is based”.

55 I now apply these principles to each of the plaintiffs’ four claims against
PNGSDP to explain why I have struck it out.

Fiduciary duty claim

The plaintiffs’ pleaded claim against PNGSDP

56 The plaintiffs’ pleaded basis for their claim that PNGSDP owed a fiduciary
duty to the members of the Affected Communities is that PNGSDP: (a)
“voluntarily undertook to act in the interest of the members of the Affected
Communities in circumstances giving rise to a relationship of trust and
confidence”; 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

PASOC at para 60.

and (b) PNGSDP had the ability “to affect the interests of the members of the
Affected Communities”. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

PASOC at para 61.

The plaintiffs accordingly plead that PNGSDP owes the following five fiduciary
duties to the members of the Affected Communities: 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

PASOC at para 61.

(a) a duty to “act bona fide in the interests of the members of the Affected
Communities”;

(b) a duty “to act for proper purposes, including but not limited to ensuring
that [PNGSDP] complies with the Program Rules”;

(c) a duty “not to advance or promote its own or external interest to the
prejudice of or contrary to or in conflict with the interests of the members
of the Affected Communities”;

(d) a duty “to administer the Objects for the benefit of the members of the
Affected Communities in a trustee-like manner”; and

(e) a duty “to disclose to the members of the Affected Communities and/or
their representatives any breaches of duty owed to the members of the Affected
Communities”.

57 Central to this claim against PNGSDP is the second pleaded duty: that
PNGSDP owes the members of the Affected Communities a fiduciary duty to comply
with the Program Rules. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Transcript, 21 January 2021, pp 22:3–5, 23:1–6.

The plaintiffs’ case is that this encompasses a duty to administer the Long
Term Fund in compliance with the Program Rules in a way which benefits the
members of the Affected Communities. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Transcript, 29 January 2021, pp 46:20–25, 50:27–29.

The plaintiffs disavow any suggestion that this is a duty to benefit only the
members of the Affected Communities or to elevate benefiting the members of
the Affected Communities over benefiting the people of the Western Province or
the people of Papua New Guinea 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Transcript, 29 January 2021, pp 46:28 to 47:31.

(see [25] above). The plaintiffs accept that PNGSDP owes this duty
concurrently to the members of the Affected Communities as well as to Papua
New Guineans who are not members of the Affected Communities, whether their
communities are in the Western Province or outside the Western Province. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Transcript, 29 January 2021, pp 46:15–27, 54:14–25.

58 The plaintiffs cannot and do not allege that the members of the Affected
Communities and PNGSDP have a relationship of trustee and cestui que trust. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Transcript, 15 January 2021, p 114:1–15.

It is not their case, therefore, that the members of the Affected Communities
have any proprietary interest in any of PNGSDP’s assets. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Transcript, 15 January 2021, p 126:20–25.

Equally, they do not allege that PNGSDP is within any of the other settled
categories of fiduciaries. They also do not, by this action, intend to invite
the court to develop fiduciary law by establishing a new category of
fiduciaries. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Transcript, 21 January 2021, p 7:7–18.

Their claim is simply that, in the circumstances of this case, PNGSDP owes an
ad hoc fiduciary duty to the members of the Affected Communities. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Transcript, 21 January 2021, p 7:13–21.

The question is therefore whether this claim is unsustainable in either sense
set out at [54] above. That in turn requires setting out the circumstances in
which an ad hoc fiduciary duty arises.

When an ad hoc fiduciary duty arises

59 In Turf Club Auto Emporium Pte Ltd and others v Yeo Boong Hua and others
and another appeal [2018] 2 SLR 655 (“Turf Club”), the Court of Appeal
explained that there is no universal definition of a “fiduciary” (at [42]):

... There is no universal definition for the term [“fiduciary”], though we
note that there appears to be growing judicial support for the view that a
fiduciary is “someone who has undertaken to act for or on behalf of another in
a particular matter in circumstances which give rise to a relationship of
trust and confidence” .... It has also been said that “[f]iduciary duties are
obligations imposed by law as a reaction to particular circumstances of
responsibility assumed by one person in respect of the conduct of the affairs
of another” …. The concept of a fiduciary has also been described as one that
“encaptures a situation where one person is in a relationship with another
which gives rise to a legitimate expectation, which equity will recognise,
that the fiduciary will not utilise his or her position in such a way which is
adverse to the interests of the principal” …

60 In the earlier case of Tan Yok Koon v Tan Choo Suan and another and other
appeals [2017] 1 SLR 654 (“Tan Yok Koon”), the Court of Appeal set out three
important principles of fiduciary law.

61 First, “the hallmark of a fiduciary obligation is that the fiduciary is to
act in the interests of another person”: Tan Yok Koon at [192]. The core
liability that this entails is a single-minded duty of loyalty to that other
person. As authority for this, the Court of Appeal cited the judgment of
Millett LJ (as he then was) in the English Court of Appeal decision of Bristol
and West Building Society v Mothew [1998] Ch 1:

… A fiduciary is someone who has undertaken to act for or on behalf of another
in a particular manner in circumstances which give rise to a relationship of
trust and confidence. The distinguishing obligation of a fiduciary is the
obligation of loyalty. The principal is entitled to the single-minded loyalty
of his fiduciary. This core liability has several facets. A fiduciary must act
in good faith; he must not make a profit out of his trust; he must not place
himself in a position where his duty and his interest may conflict; he may not
act for his own benefit or the benefit of a third person without the informed
consent of his principal. This is not intended to be an exhaustive list, but
it is sufficient to indicate the nature of fiduciary obligations. They are the
defining characteristics of the fiduciary. …

[emphasis in Tan Yok Koon omitted; emphasis added in italics]

62 Second, the term “fiduciary” is not a premise but is instead a label
applied to a person once the court concludes that that person owes an
obligation of a fiduciary character to another: Tan Yok Koon at [193]. To put
it another way, a person “is not subject to fiduciary obligations because he
is a fiduciary; instead, it is because he is subject to such obligations and
rules that he is a fiduciary”: Turf Club at [42]. Thus, whether a person owes
a fiduciary duty to another depends on the nature of his conduct in relation
to that other person in the circumstances of the case and not purely on the
category into which his broader relationship with that person falls (Turf Club
at [43]):

While there are settled categories of fiduciary relationships – such as the
relationship of a trustee-beneficiary, director-company, solicitor-client,
between partners – it does not mean that all such relationships are invariably
fiduciary relationships. In these relationships, there is a strong, but
rebuttable, presumption that fiduciary duties are owed. Equally, the
categories of fiduciary relationships are not closed or limited only to the
settled categories. Fiduciary duties may be owed even if the relationship
between the parties is not one of the settled categories, provided that the
circumstances justify the imposition of such duties ... whether the parties
are in a fiduciary relationship depends, ultimately, on the nature of their
relationship and is not simply a question of whether their relationship can be
shoe-horned into one of the settled categories (eg, a partnership) or into a
non-settled category (eg, a joint venture or quasi-partnership).

[emphasis added]

63 Third, a fiduciary duty is voluntarily undertaken. It arises as a legal
consequence of the fiduciary’s voluntary conduct and is not imposed by law
independently of the fiduciary’s intention to engage in that conduct. But,
because the obligation is a legal consequence, it can arise even if the
fiduciary was not subjectively willing to undertake the obligation or to
accept that legal consequence when he engaged in that conduct: Tan Yok Koon at
[194].

64 In Susilawati v American Express Bank Ltd [2009] 2 SLR(R) 737 at [41], the
Court of Appeal suggested obiter that Wilson J (dissenting) in the decision of
the Supreme Court of Canada in Frame v Smith [1987] SCR 99 (“Frame”) had set
out a helpful description of the three circumstances which will give rise to a
fiduciary duty owed by one person (F) to another person (B): (a) F is entitled
to exercise some discretion or power; (b) F is able unilaterally to exercise
that discretion or power so as to affect B’s legal or practical interests; and
(c) B is peculiarly vulnerable to or at the mercy of F.

65 In support of this aspect of its striking out application, PNGSDP cites the
later decision of the Supreme Court of Canada in Her Majesty The Queen in
Right of Alberta v Elder Advocates of Alberta Society and James O. Darwish,
Personal representative of the Estate of Johanna H. Darwish, deceased and
Attorney General of Canada and Attorney General of British Columbia as
Interveners [2011] 2 SCR 261 (“Alberta”). In Alberta, the Supreme Court of
Canada held that Wilson J’s analysis in Frame is not a complete code for
identifying when a fiduciary duty arises (at [29]). In particular, the court
cited its own intervening authority which had established that vulnerability
in the broad sense – ie, vulnerability resulting from factors external to the
relationship between F and B – is not the most relevant consideration in
ascertaining whether F owes B a fiduciary duty (at [28]). The most relevant
consideration is whether any vulnerability arises from the relationship
between F and B itself.

66 The Supreme Court of Canada therefore reformulated the elements from Frame
and held (at [30]–[36]) that F owes a fiduciary duty to B if (the “Alberta
framework”):

(a) F gives an undertaking of responsibility, express or implied, to act in
B’s best interests. In other words, F must undertake “to act in accordance
with the duty of loyalty reposed on” F (at [30]) and to forsake the interests
of all others (including F himself) in favour of B in relation to the legal
interest at stake (at [31]).

(b) B is vulnerable to F in the sense that F has a discretionary power over B
or over the class to which B belongs (at [33]).

(c) F’s power may affect B’s legal interests or his substantial practical
interests (at [34]).

67 The Supreme Court of Canada concluded this part of its analysis in Alberta
with the following summary of when an ad hoc fiduciary duty arises (at [36]):

In summary, for an ad hoc fiduciary duty to arise, the claimant must show, in
addition to the vulnerability arising from the relationship as described by
Wilson J. in Frame: (1) an undertaking by the alleged fiduciary to act in the
best interests of the alleged beneficiary or beneficiaries; (2) a defined
person or class of persons vulnerable to a fiduciary’s control (the
beneficiary or beneficiaries); and (3) a legal or substantial practical
interest of the beneficiary or beneficiaries that stands to be adversely
affected by the alleged fiduciary’s exercise of discretion or control.

68 I consider the framework set out in Alberta to be consistent with the
principles set out in the Court of Appeal authority which I have cited at
[59]–[64] above. I therefore adopt and apply the Alberta framework to analyse
whether the plaintiffs’ claim that PNGSDP owes the members of the Affected
Communities an ad hoc fiduciary duty is sustainable. In my view, the plea is
plainly and obviously unsustainable because the first and third elements in
the Alberta framework (see [66(a)] and [66(c)] above) are absent.

69 I address these two elements in turn.

No undertaking to members of the Affected Communities

70 The first element of the Alberta framework requires PNGSDP to have given an
undertaking of responsibility to act in the best interests of the members of
the Affected Communities. To establish this element, the plaintiffs rely on
the circumstances leading up to PNGSDP’s incorporation (set out at [15] to
[33] above), the circumstances in which OTML made the Share Offload
Representations (set out at [38] to [46] above) and the content of PNGSDP’s
Objects (see [22] above).

71 The plaintiffs thus plead their case on the first element in the Alberta
framework as follows: 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

PASOC at paras 57 to 60.

57\. The fundamental purpose of [PNGSDP] was to hold the Shares, and
administer the income derived from the Shares for sustainable development
purposes for the benefit of the people of Papua New Guinea, and in particular,
the people in the Western Province (i.e. the members of the Affected
Communities) in accordance with the Program Rules.

58\. The underlying intent behind the setting up of [PNGSDP] was that the
substantial income from BHP Minerals’ former shareholding in the Mine would be
applied towards ameliorating the environmental damage caused by the Mine to
the members of the Affected Communities. This was to be done through [PNGSDP].

59\. Having regard to all the circumstances giving rise to the incorporation
of [PNGSDP], and the objects of [PNGSDP], [PNGSDP] undertook to carry out the
Objects to ameliorate the environmental damage caused to the members of the
Affected Communities by the Mine.

60\. The Program Company voluntarily undertook to act in the interest of the
members of the Affected Communities in circumstances giving rise to a
relationship of trust and confidence.

72 The plaintiffs plead, further, that the content of PNGSDP’s undertaking to
act in the interest of the members of the Affected Communities was to hold the
Shares and to apply Distributions towards the Objects for the sole purpose of
ameliorating the environmental damage caused by the Mine. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

PASOC at para 60(d).

The plaintiffs’ case is that PNGSDP gave this undertaking to the members of
the Affected Communities when it entered into the Master Agreement. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

PASOC at para 60(e).

because that is the moment when PNGSDP accepted the Shares and the right to
Distributions – assets to which it would not otherwise be entitled – and
undertook to comply with the Program Rules in carrying out the Objects. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

Transcript, 29 January 2021, p 44:5–9.

73 The plaintiffs’ case on the first element is plainly and obviously
unsustainable. PNGSDP gave no undertaking whatsoever – voluntary or otherwise,
express or implied, in respect of the Shares and Distributions or otherwise –
to the members of the Affected Communities at any time, whether when it
entered into the Master Agreement or otherwise. The only undertakings which
PNGSDP gave in respect of the Shares and Distributions to anyone at any time
are those which are set out in the suite of written contracts it entered into
following its incorporation. And it gave them only to the counterparties to
those contracts. These undertakings include, but are obviously not limited to,
the undertaking that PNGSDP gave for the benefit of BHP Minerals, BHP Group,
the State and OTML in cl 3.2 of the Master Agreement (see [28] above) to
comply with the Program Rules. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

JMW’s 1st Affidavit at p 470.

74 The plaintiffs do not even suggest that PNGSDP gave a contractual
undertaking to members of the Affected Communities to hold the Shares and to
apply Distributions towards the Objects for the sole purpose of ameliorating
the environmental damage caused by the Mine. This is for obvious reasons. The
members of the Affected Communities have no contractual rights against PNGSDP
under the Master Agreement or under any other contract, written or otherwise.
None of them – whether then or now – are a party to any of the suite of
written contracts PNGSDP entered into. As for the Master Agreement itself, it
states the obvious (at least at common law) when it provides in cl 8.7 that it
“confers rights only upon a person expressed to be a party, and not upon any
other person”. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

JMW’s 1st Affidavit at p 484.

75 Further, it is plainly and obviously unsustainable to suggest that PNGSDP
gave a non-contractual undertaking to members of the Affected Communities to
hold the Shares and to apply Distributions towards the Objects for the sole
purpose of ameliorating the environmental damage caused by the Mine. Any such
undertaking would be wholly inconsistent with both the express contractual
obligations which PNGSDP undertook and the express discretionary powers which
PNGSDP acquired under the suite of written contracts it entered into.

76 I examine these obligations and these discretionary powers in turn.

PNGSDP’s express contractual obligations

(1) The Program Rules

77 By cll 9 and 10 of the Program Rules, PNGSDP undertook a cascading and
comprehensive set of express contractual obligations as to how it was to apply
Distributions, the Long Term Fund and investment income earned on the Long
Term Fund both before and after Mine Closure. It undertook these obligations
through the Articles to the members of PNGSDP for the time being and also
through cl 3.2 of the Master Agreement (see [28] above) 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

JMW’s 1st Affidavit at p 475.

for the benefit of BHP Minerals, BHP Group, the State and OTML.

78 Before Mine Closure, PNGSDP undertook the following express contractual
obligations under cll 9 and 10 of the Program Rules:

(a) To establish the Long Term Fund and to invest it and account for it as a
separate fund, segregated from its general assets. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

JMW’s 1st Affidavit at pp 453 at cl 10.1 and 463 at cl 21.1.

(b) To apply Distributions for the following high priority purposes and in the
following order:

(i) first, to pay its own operating expenses for the next six months as
approved by the Board;

(ii) second, to meet certain of its contractual obligations including any
liability to indemnify BHP under BHP’s Indemnity and the State under the
State’s Indemnity; 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

JMW’s 1st Affidavit at p 462.

and

(iii) third, to meet any call for capital by OTML, but only if certain
conditions were met and if so determined by the Board. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

JMW’s 1st Affidavit at pp 451 at cl 9.2 and 463 at cl 21.1.

(c) To pay into the Long Term Fund roughly two thirds of the Distributions
which remained after discharging the high priority purposes; 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

JMW’s 1st Affidavit at pp 451 to 452 at cl 9.2(d) read with cl 9.1(a).

(d) To apply the remaining roughly one third of Distributions which remained
for the Objects at the discretion of the Board as follows:

(i) one third for the benefit of the people of the Western Province; and

(ii) two thirds for the benefit of the people of Papua New Guinea. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

JMW’s 1st Affidavit at pp 451 to 452 at cl 9.1(b) read with cl 9.2(e).

(e) To capitalise as part of the Long Term Fund and reinvest all investment
income earned on the Long Term Fund, subject only to deductions necessary to
make up any shortfall in meeting the high priority purposes out of
Distributions;

(f) Not to draw on the capital of the Long Term Fund for any purpose other
than to make up any shortfall in meeting (subject to certain immaterial
exceptions) the first two high priority purposes out of Distributions and
investment income. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

JMW’s 1st Affidavit at pp 453 at cl 10.2.

79 After Mine Closure, PNGSDP undertook the following express contractual
obligations under cll 9 and 10 of the Program Rules:

(a) To apply Distributions only to meet the high priority purposes (see
[78(b)] above) and to pay the entire balance Distributions into the Long Term
Fund; 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

JMW’s 1st Affidavit at pp 452 at cl 9.4.

(b) To apply Distributions and the investment income earned on the Long Term
Fund to meet the first two high priority purposes; 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

JMW’s 1st Affidavit at pp 452 at cl 9.5.

(c) To apply all of the remaining investment income (subject to certain
immaterial exceptions) and 2.5% of the Long Term Fund’s capital in the
following ways in the following order of priority: 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

JMW’s 1st Affidavit at pp 453 at cll 10.3 and 10.4

(i) first, to make up any shortfall in meeting the first two high priority
purposes out of the investment income;

(ii) second, to meet the third high priority purpose; and

(iii) only then, to carry out “Sustainable Development Purposes”.

The Program Rules define “Sustainable Development Purposes” as “projects and
other applications which, in the discretion of the Company (acting in
accordance with the Objects), are for long term social, economic and/or
environmental benefits of the people of Papua New Guinea”. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

JMW’s 1st Affidavit at pp 464 at cl 21.1

80 As PNGSDP submits, 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

Transcript, 15 January 2021, p 30:6–9.

this entire contractual framework of cascading obligations excludes any
possibility of PNGSDP owing a single-minded duty of loyalty to the members of
the Affected Communities in respect of the Shares, Distributions or the Long
Term Fund.

(2) The Security Arrangements

81 The Security Arrangements also make it plainly and obviously unsustainable
that PNGSDP gave any undertaking of responsibility to act in the best
interests of the members of the Affected Communities. As PNGSDP submits, 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

Transcript, 15 January 2021, p 27:2–10; Transcript, 25 January 2021, p 81:3–9.

the Long Term Fund forms the bulk of PNGSDP’s assets. It therefore forms the
bulk of the assets charged in favour of the Security Trustee under the
Security Arrangements. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

JMW’s 1st Affidavit at pp 538, 546 (Security Deed cll 1.1 and 3.1).

The effect of the Security Arrangements is to subordinate the interests of the
members of the Affected Communities even further in the application of
Distributions and the Long Term Fund than provided in cll 9 and 10 of the
Program Rules.

PNGSDP’s express contractual discretionary powers

82 The express contractual discretionary powers which PNGSDP acquired under
the suite of written contracts it entered into also make unsustainable the
plaintiffs’ case that PNGSDP gave any such undertaking of responsibility.

83 The Program Rules give PNGSDP the unqualified contractual discretion to
undertake sustainable development projects for the exclusive benefit of
persons other than members of the Affected Communities. The Program Rules make
no reference whatsoever to PNGSDP applying any funds, whether before or after
Mine Closure, to advance the best interests of the members of the Affected
Communities as such, let alone for the purpose of ameliorating the
environmental damage caused by the Mine. Before Mine Closure, cll 9 and 10 of
the Program Rules treat the members of the Affected Communities no differently
from Papua New Guineans in the Western Province outside the Affected
Communities, and who are therefore unaffected by the Mine’s environmental
damage (see [78(d)(i)] above). After Mine Closure, the Program Rules treat the
members of the Affected Communities no differently from Papua New Guineans in
general (see [79(c)(iii)] above). Both before and after Mine Closure,
therefore, PNGSDP’s Board has an unqualified contractual discretion to confer
no benefits at all on members of the Affected Communities. As PNGSDP submits,
99

##### Foot Note 99

×

Transcript, 15 January 2021, p 30:6–9.

this discretion excludes any possibility of PNGSDP owing a single-minded duty
of loyalty to the members of the Affected Communities in respect of the
Shares, Distributions or the Long Term Fund.

84 This discretion also excludes any undertaking to act in the best interests
of the members of the Affected Communities only at the last tier, after PNGSDP
discharges its contractual obligations in respect of the high priority
purposes under cll 9 and 10 of the Program Rules and when it considers
applying funds for the benefit of the people of the Western Province or of
Papua New Guinea. I accept PNGSDP’s submission 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

Transcript, 15 January 2021, pp 38:27–39:21.

that it cannot have given an undertaking of responsibility to act in the best
interest of the members of the Affected Communities so as to owe them a duty
of single-minded loyalty when it has an express and unqualified contractual
discretion under cll 9 and 10 of the Program Rules to apply funds so as to
confer no benefit at all on members of the Affected Communities. PNGSDP cannot
have given an undertaking of responsibility to the members of the Affected
Communities which would be breached by an act which is within PNGSDP’s express
contractual discretion under the Program Rules.

85 PNGSDP’s power to amend the Program Rules is a contractual power which
contradicts an undertaking of responsibility to act in the best interests of
the members of the Affected Communities. Although Art 8 of the Memorandum is
framed negatively, 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

JMW’s 1st Affidavit at p 431.

its contractual effect is to give PNGSDP the power to amend the Program Rules
with the consent of BHP Group and the State. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

JMW’s 1st Affidavit at p 431.

Thus, cl 3.2 of the Master Agreement specifically contemplates amendment of
the Program Rules: it provides that PNGSDP’s obligation to comply with the
Program Rules under that clause is an obligation to comply with the Program
Rules “as those Rules may be amended from time to time”. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

JMW’s 1st Affidavit at p 475.

Indeed, the Program Rules have been amended in accordance with Art 8 of the
Memorandum twice: in April 2003 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

JMW’s 1st Affidavit at p 465 to 466.

and April 2004. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

JMW’s 1st Affidavit at p 467 to 468.

86 PNGSDP has no obligation to seek the consent of the members of the Affected
Communities before exercising its power to amend the Program Rules. PNGSDP
therefore has the contractual power to exclude all projects for the benefit of
the members of the Affected Communities from the scope of the Program Rules.
No doubt this exercise of the power is purely theoretical: neither BHP Group
nor the State is likely to consent to any such amendment. But what is
important is the existence of the power and the potential for it to be
exercised without the consent of the members of the Affected Communities and
contrary to their interests. The mere existence of this power destroys any
basis for an undertaking of responsibility to act in the best interests of the
members of the Affected Communities.

No legal or substantial practical interest

87 The third element of the Alberta framework requires the plaintiffs to
establish that PNGSDP has a power which may be exercised so as to affect the
legal interests or the substantial practical interests of the members of the
Affected Communities. The Supreme Court of Canada in Alberta explained this
element as follows (at [35]):

In the traditional categories of fiduciary relationship, the nature of the
relationship itself defines the interest at stake. However, a party seeking to
establish an ad hoc duty must be able to point to an identifiable legal or
vital practical interest that is at stake. The most obvious example is an
interest in property, although other interests recognized by law may also be
protected.

88 The plaintiffs cannot establish this element as they have neither a legal
interest nor a substantial practical interest at stake.

No legal interest

89 The plaintiffs submit that members of the Affected Communities had a legal
interest for the purposes of this element as follows. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

Transcript, 29 January 2021, p 44:26–32.

Members of the Affected Communities had the legal right to sue OTML and others
for the environmental damage which the Mine had caused to the Affected
Communities. PNGSDP was created to receive and hold the Shares and to
administer Distributions as part of a transaction in which the members of the
Affected Communities agreed to discontinue the 2000 Class Action and to give
up those legal rights.

90 I do not accept this submission. There is no way in which PNGSDP could ever
adversely affect the legal right of the members of the Affected Communities to
sue OTML or others. PNGSDP came into existence after the members of the
Affected Communities had given up that entitlement. PNGSDP is able to do no
more than hold the Shares and administer Distributions and the Long Term Fund.

No substantial practical interest

91 In the alternative, the plaintiffs submit that members of the Affected
Communities have a substantial practical interest that may be adversely
affected by PNGSDP’s exercise of power over the Long Term Fund as follows. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

Transcript, 29 January 2021, p 44:21–25.

PNGSDP alone has the financial resources to alleviate or ameliorate the
environmental damage caused by the Mine’s past and ongoing activities and the
harm to the health and well-being of the members of the Affected Communities.

92 The plaintiffs appear to be alleging that PNGSDP can affect the practical
interests of the members of the Affected Communities by distributing or
withholding funds for sustainable development projects that are for their
benefit. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

Transcript, 21 January 2021, p 20:2–12.

If this is the plaintiffs’ case, I accept PNGSDP’s submission that withholding
a benefit does not amount to affecting a substantial practical interest for
the purposes of the Alberta framework. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

Transcript, 25 January 2021, p 76:6–13.

At common law, a person has no obligation to confer a benefit on another
unless the benefit is bargained for as part of a contract or arises under an
institutional trust. It is no part of the plaintiffs’ case that the members of
the Affected Communities either bargained for these benefits or that PNGSDP is
a trustee for them under an institutional trust.

93 Indeed, the plaintiffs accept that withholding a benefit, without more,
cannot amount to affecting a practical interest for the purposes of the
Alberta framework. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

Transcript, 29 January 2021, p 42:16–20.

But they argue that PNGSDP is not merely withholding a benefit. They assert
instead that PNGSDP is failing to perform its duty under the Program Rules to
administer, for the benefit of the members of the Affected Communities, assets
that it received solely for the purpose of benefiting persons affected by the
environmental damage caused by the Mine. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

Transcript, 29 January 2021, pp 42:21–43:3.

But unless that submission presupposes the fiduciary duty it seeks to prove,
PNGSDP’s duties under the Program Rules are contractual duties owed only to
PNGSDP’s members for the time being and the four entities for whose benefit it
gave its express contractual undertaking in cl 3.2 of the Master Agreement to
comply with the Program Rules (see [28] above). And the fact that PNGSDP owes
these contractual duties to third parties cannot transform the mere
withholding of a benefit into an effect on a substantial practical interest
for the purposes of the Alberta framework.

Conclusion on the third element

94 As PNGSDP submits, a failure to confer a gratuitous benefit on a person
cannot affect a legal or a substantial practical interest of that person for
the purposes of the Alberta framework. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

Transcript, 25 January 2021, p 76:25–28.

In Alberta, the court explained that a legal or a substantial practical
interest must be connected to a specific and pre-existing interest recognised
in private law (at [51]–[52]):

... It is not enough that the alleged fiduciary’s acts impact generally on a
person’s well-being, property or security. The interest affected must be a
specific private law interest to which the person has a pre-existing distinct
and complete legal entitlement. Examples of sufficient interests include
property rights, interests akin to property rights, and the type of
fundamental human or personal interest that is implicated when the state
assumes guardianship of a child or incompetent person. ...

Access to a benefit scheme without more will not constitute an interest
capable of attracting a fiduciary duty. ...

[emphasis in original in italics]

95 Like the government in Alberta, PNGSDP has an unqualified contractual
discretion in applying the Long Term Fund for the benefit of Papua New
Guineans in the Western Province and elsewhere in Papua New Guinea, subject
only to its contractual obligation to comply with the Program Rules. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

Transcript, 25 January 2021, p 76:15–16.

The members of the Affected Communities do not have any property right or
other private law interest which is adversely affected by PNGSDP’s exercise of
its powers under the Program Rules. They also have no substantial practical
interest at stake. The plaintiffs have failed to establish the third element
in the Alberta framework.

Alberta cannot be distinguished

96 In an effort to argue that PNGSDP became subject to an ad hoc fiduciary
duty to the members of the Affected Communities when it entered into the
Master Agreement, the plaintiffs attempt to distinguish Alberta. It is
therefore now necessary to consider the facts of Alberta.

97 The dispute in Alberta arose out of the government of Alberta’s decision to
increase the charges payable by residents of long-term care facilities. The
government was entitled in law to ask residents to bear the costs of their own
accommodation and meals. However, the government was entirely responsible for
the cost of residents’ medical care. Some 12,500 residents of Alberta’s long-
term care facilities as a class sued the government, claiming that the
government had breached a fiduciary duty by raising the residents’ charges
beyond the actual cost of accommodation and meals in order to cross-subsidise
part of the cost of their medical care. The plaintiffs’ claim was struck out
on the grounds that the government owed the plaintiffs no fiduciary duty.

98 The plaintiffs seek to distinguish Alberta on the grounds that in that
case, one class of persons contended that they should receive more benefits
from the government than another class of persons. Here, the plaintiffs argue
that there are no competing classes: the members of the Affected Communities
have a unity of interests with Papua New Guineans in the Western Province and
Papua New Guineans elsewhere in Papua New Guinea. The interest of all three
classes is simply that PNGSDP should comply with the Program Rules. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

Transcript, 29 January 2021, pp 46:15–27, 54:14–25.

99 In my view, Alberta stands for a broader proposition than that advanced by
the plaintiffs. That proposition is that an ad hoc fiduciary duty will rarely
be owed to a group of persons who can be sub-divided into classes with
competing interests where each sub-class has equally valid claims to the
alleged fiduciary’s assistance (Alberta at [44]). A fortiori, an ad hoc
fiduciary duty will rarely be owed exclusively to any one sub-class of the
group. As the Supreme Court of Canada explained in Alberta (at [43]–[44]):

The duty is one of utmost loyalty to the beneficiary. As Finn states, the
fiduciary principle’s function “is not to mediate between interests. It is to
secure the paramountcy of one side’s interests . . . The beneficiary’s
interests are to be protected. This is achieved through a regime designed to
secure loyal service of those interests” ...

Compelling a fiduciary to put the best interests of the beneficiary before
their own is thus essential to the relationship. Imposing such a burden on the
Crown is inherently at odds with its duty to act in the best interests of
society as a whole, and its obligation to spread limited resources among
competing groups with equally valid claims to its assistance ...

[emphasis in original in underline]

100 In Alberta, the government had an obligation to spread limited resources
among competing groups of citizens with equally valid claims to the
government’s assistance. Thus, the Supreme Court of Canada was satisfied that
the government did not have to act with undivided loyalty to the plaintiffs,
who, being residents of long-term care facilities, were a sub-class of the
class of citizens.

101 It is true that the Supreme Court of Canada formulated this proposition in
the context of a fiduciary duty alleged to be owed by a government to its
citizens. But I consider it equally applicable to PNGSDP. PNGSDP has
undertaken contractual obligations which oblige it in certain situations to
prioritise certain interests over and above the best interests of the members
of the Affected Communities. Thus, PNGSDP is contractually obliged to accord
the highest priority under the Program Rules to its own expenses and then to
the interests of very wide class of persons whom it agreed to indemnify under
BHP’s Indemnity and the State’s Indemnity. Further, PNGSDP has an unqualified
contractual discretion to decide how to spread its limited resources among
competing groups of Papua New Guineans. PNGSDP even has the contractual power
to exclude entirely the members of the Affected Communities from its bounty. I
therefore consider Alberta a highly persuasive authority that PNGSDP cannot
owe an ad hoc fiduciary duty to the members of the Affected Communities, even
though Alberta was decided as between a government and its citizens.

Conclusion on fiduciary duties claim

102 The fundamental flaw in the plaintiffs’ claim is that superimposing an ad
hoc fiduciary duty upon PNGSDP’s obligations, discretions and powers under the
carefully constructed suite of contracts which PNGSDP entered into undermines
the entire framework of the law of obligations. The plaintiffs’ case is that
PNGSDP owes an ad hoc fiduciary duty to the members of the Affected
Communities which arises from but prevails over PNGSDP’s contractual
obligations, discretions and powers. That would elevate the members of the
Affected Communities above the counterparties to PNGSDP’s suite of contracts,
even though: (a) if PNGSDP were to disregard the interests of the members of
the Affected Communities, at most it would simply fail to confer a gratuitous
benefit upon them; (b) none of the members of the Affected Communities
provided any consideration to PNGSDP; (c) none of the members of the Affected
Communities are privy to any one of the suite of contracts PNGSDP entered
into; (d) the members of the Affected Communities are not identified as a
distinct class for the purposes of any one of these suite of contracts; (e)
ameliorating the environmental damage caused by the Mine is not identified
specifically as any part of the purpose for which PNGSDP was established; and
(f) the provisions of the suite of contracts are inconsistent with the content
of the ad hoc fiduciary duty alleged.

103 Further, it cannot be said that the provisions in the suite of contracts
merely shape the content of PNGSDP’s ad hoc fiduciary duty to the members of
the Affected Communities. Those provisions directly contradict the existence
of any such fiduciary duty.

104 All of my findings on the plaintiffs’ claim for breach of fiduciary duty
in this action are entirely consistent with my findings in State v PNGSDP
(HC). There, I found that PNGSDP did not hold the Shares, Distributions or the
Long Term Fund on any sort of a trust (State v PNGSDP (HC) at [301] to [341]).
I reached that finding for a number of reasons including the effect of cll 9
and 10 of the Program Rules and the Security Arrangements. The Court of Appeal
dismissed the State’s appeal and expressly upheld my finding that no trust
exists (State v PNGSDP (CA) at [52]). Although that litigation quite obviously
involved a different issue between different parties (as I acknowledge at [14]
above), all of the reasons that justified my finding that there was no trust
for the purposes of that litigation make it plainly and obviously
unsustainable that PNGSDP owes any ad hoc fiduciary duty to the members of the
Affected Communities.

105 For all of these reasons, I hold that the plaintiffs’ case that PNGSDP
owes an ad hoc fiduciary duty to the members of the Affected Communities is
plainly and obviously unsustainable. It is therefore struck out. Given this
holding, the plaintiffs’ claim that PNGSDP has breached its fiduciary duty
must also be struck out.

Remedial constructive trust claim

106 In Wee Chiaw Sek Anna v Ng Li-Ann Genevieve (sole executrix of the estate
of Ng Hock Seng, deceased) and another [2013] 3 SLR 801 (“Anna Wee”), the
Court of Appeal discussed the remedial constructive trust (“RCT”) obiter (at
[169]–[185]). I assume in the plaintiffs’ favour, without deciding, that
Singapore law recognises the RCT.

107 The plaintiffs seek an RCT over the Long Term Fund. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

Plaintiffs’ Supplemental Aide Memoire at para 14.

Thus they pray in the PASOC for a declaration that PNGSDP holds all its assets
derived from the Shares – which include Distributions and the Long Term Fund –
on constructive trust for the members of the Affected Communities. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

PASOC at para 50(e).

They also seek orders that PNGSDP render an account of the Long Term Fund and
that the Foundation take over from PNGSDP the administration of the Long Term
Fund for the benefit of the members of the Affected Communities. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

PASOC at para 131.

108 The plaintiffs submit that the RCT is both a right and a remedy: 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

Transcript, 21 January 2021, p 48:20–30.

it is a trust imposed where “the defendant cannot conscientiously keep the
property for himself alone, but ought to allow another to have the property or
a share in it” (Koh Cheong Heng v Ho Yee Fong [2011] 3 SLR 125 at [43], citing
Lord Denning MR in Hussey v Palmer [1972] 3 All ER 744 at 747). The basis for
imposing a remedial constructive trust is “a state of knowledge which renders
it unconscionable for the recipient to keep the moneys”: Anna Wee at [172].

109 I do not accept the plaintiffs’ submission. I accept instead PNGSDP’s
submission that, even if Singapore law recognises the RCT, it is a remedy and
not a right. Therefore, an RCT may be granted as a remedy only if a plaintiff
is able to establish a right arising from a cause of action recognised in
Singapore law. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

Transcript, 25 January 2021, p 85:30–31.

In Ching Mun Fong (executrix of the estate of Tan Geok Tee, deceased) v Liu
Cho Chit [2001] 1 SLR(R) 856 (“Ching Mun Fong”) at [36], the Court of Appeal
characterised an RCT as a “restitutionary remedy which the court, in
appropriate circumstances, gives by way of equitable relief” [emphasis added].
In Anna Wee, the Court of Appeal also stated that the appellant’s argument for
the imposition of an RCT as a remedy was “parasitic” on the success of her
unjust enrichment claim (at [169]). To be clear, the Court of Appeal did not
in that case hold that an RCT was available as a remedy for unjust enrichment.
On the contrary, the Court of Appeal said it would be hesitant to recognise
the RCT as a remedy for a claim in unjust enrichment because the availability
of the RCT depends on fault whereas liability in unjust enrichment is
independent of fault (Anna Wee at [182]).

110 A plaintiff can secure an RCT over a defendant’s property as a remedy only
if it can first establish a right against the defendant arising from a cause
of action known to law. In National Bank of Oman SAOG Dubai Branch v Bikash
Dhamala and others [2021] 3 SLR 943, Tan Siong Thye J imposed an RCT over
moneys and assets received by the defendants in that case. But the plaintiff
in that case secured the RCT only as a remedy, after it had established that
the defendants were part of an unlawful means conspiracy to induce the
plaintiff fraudulently to disburse loans and thereafter to dissipate the
moneys received from the plaintiff (at [55] and [66]).

111 Even as a remedy, an RCT will be imposed only if the conscience of the
recipient of the property is affected while the recipient continues to retain
the property (Ching Mun Fong at [36]; Anna Wee at [172] and [182]). The
plaintiffs rely on the same factors to seek an RCT against PNGSDP as they do
to claim that PNGSDP owes an ad hoc fiduciary duty to the members of the
Affected Communities. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

Transcript, 21 January 2021, p 49:27–30.

For the same reasons that I have found that PNGSDP could not possibly owe the
members of the Affected Communities an ad hoc fiduciary duty, I find also that
PNGSDP’s conscience is not affected by the matters on which the plaintiffs
rely so as to give rise to an RCT or to warrant extinguishing PNGSDP’s
property rights in the Long Term Fund in favour of the Foundation. This is an
alternative ground on which I have struck out the plaintiffs’ claim for an
RCT, even if they were able to establish a recognised right sufficient to
warrant in principle the award of an RCT as a remedy.

Conspiracy claims

112 The plaintiffs also advance against PNGSDP claims in lawful and unlawful
means conspiracy. To establish a claim in unlawful means conspiracy, a
plaintiff must prove the following (EFT Holdings, Inc v Marinteknik
Shipbuilders (S) Pte Ltd [2014] 1 SLR 860 (“EFT Holdings”) at [112]):

(a) that two or more persons engaged in a combination to do certain acts;

(b) that those persons intended to cause damage or injury to the plaintiff by
those acts;

(c) that the acts were unlawful;

(d) that the acts were performed in furtherance of the agreement; and

(e) that the plaintiff has suffered loss as a result of the conspiracy.

113 The elements of a lawful means conspiracy are the same as the elements of
an unlawful means conspiracy save that element (c) requires the plaintiff to
establish that the conspirators carried out lawful acts with the predominant
purpose of causing injury or damage to the plaintiff, which purpose was in
fact achieved (Quah Kay Tee v Ong and Co Pte Ltd [1996] 3 SLR(R) 637at [45]).

114 The plaintiffs plead against PNGSDP one lawful means conspiracy and four
unlawful means conspiracies. They refer in the PASOC to the lawful means
conspiracy as “Conspiracy A” and to the unlawful means conspiracies as
“Conspiracy B” to “Conspiracy E”. I deal with each in turn.

Lawful means conspiracy

115 Conspiracy A is pleaded as a conspiracy between PNGSDP and Sir Mekere to
stop the activation of the Mine Closure Plan after the State cancelled
PNGSDP’s shares in OTML in 2013 and PNGSDP stopped receiving Distributions. It
is common ground that PNGSDP has not implemented the Mine Closure Plan,
including the obligation to draw on the Long Term Fund for Sustainable
Development Purposes as required by cl 10.4 of the Program Rules. The
plaintiff’s case is that this failure is a contravention of an implied term in
the Program Rules to the following effect: if PNGSDP is deprived of
Distributions while the Mine continues to operate, Mine Closure has occurred
and PNGSDP must administer the Mine Closure Plan set out in the Program Rules.
121

##### Foot Note 121

×

PASOC at para 122.

Factually unsustainable

116 Conspiracy A is factually unsustainable. The factual basis of the plea in
the PASOC 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

PASOC at para 135F.

that PNGSDP and Sir Mekere acted with the predominant intention to injure the
members of the Affected Communities is bereft of particulars and of any
evidential basis. It is completely fanciful.

117 The plaintiffs submit that evidence of the alleged conspirators’
predominant intention to injure the members of the Affected Communities is the
failure to activate the Mine Closure Plan and to draw on the Long Term Fund
for Sustainable Development Purposes in breach of the implied term. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

Transcript, 25 January 2021, pp 31:25–32:29.

The plaintiffs’ case is that it makes no commercial sense for PNGSDP to
attempt to continue to operate under the Program Rules as though Mine Closure
has not taken place even though the flow of Distributions from OTML has
permanently ceased. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

Transcript, 25 January 2021, p 34:4–21.

In response, PNGSDP submits that there is no such implied term in the Program
Rules because the rules expressly define Mine Closure. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

Transcript, 29 January 2021, pp 3:12–4:2.

118 I accept PNGSDP’s submission. The concept of “Mine Closure” is of
fundamental importance to the Program Rules. The parties to the Program Rules
therefore addressed their minds directly to defining the concept and did so
expressly. Clause 21.1 of the Program Rules defines “Mine Closure” as the
“permanent cessation of all mining and milling activities at or in association
with” the Mine [emphasis added].

119 The Program Rules make distinct and express provision dictating how PNGSDP
must apply Distributions, the Long Term Fund and the investment income before
Mine Closure (see [78] above) and after Mine Closure (see [79] above). The
combined effect of these provisions is to leave no gap which the parties did
not contemplate and which an implied term is necessary to fill (Sembcorp
Marine Ltd v PPL Holdings Pte Ltd and another and another appeal [2013] 4 SLR
193 at [94]–[95], [101]).

120 It is common ground that the Mine has not permanently ceased all mining
and milling activities. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

Transcript, 15 January 2021, pp 35:31–36:1, 98:25–99:2.

“Mine Closure” as defined in cl 21.1 did not occur in 2013 and has not
occurred to date. It is plain and obvious that there is no implied term in the
Program Rules to the effect pleaded by the plaintiffs. It is equally plain and
obvious that PNGSDP was under no contractual obligation to implement the Mine
Closure Plan in 2013 and is under no such obligation today. Therefore, the
failure to activate the Mine Closure Plan is indistinguishable from PNGSDP
complying with its contractual obligations under the Program Rules. The
failure is incapable of evidencing a predominant intention to injure the
members of the Affected Communities. The plaintiffs’ case on Conspiracy A is
plainly and obviously unsustainable.

121 For completeness, I should add that Conspiracy A is wrongly pleaded as a
lawful means conspiracy. The plaintiffs’ case is that PNGSDP’s and Sir
Mekere’s conspiracy to breach a contract (ie, the alleged implied term) caused
damage to the members of the Affected Communities. A breach of contract is an
example of unlawful means for the purposes of the tort of conspiracy (Nagase
Singapore Pte Ltd v Ching Kai Huat and others [2008] 1 SLR(R) 80 at [23]). I
have rejected the existence of any implied term. Therefore, there cannot
possibly be any breach of the Program Rules. Re-labelling Conspiracy A as an
unlawful means conspiracy will not save it from being struck out.

Legally unsustainable

122 Conspiracy A is also legally unsustainable. I accept PNGSDP’s submission
that the principle in Said v Butt [1920] 3 KB 497 prevents Sir Mekere from
being held liable as a conspirator with PNGSDP, at least while he was a
director of PNGSDP. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

2DS at paras 70–71.

If Sir Mekere is legally incapable of conspiring with PNGSDP to contravene the
alleged implied term, Conspiracy A is unsustainable because PNGSDP would be
the only remaining alleged conspirator.

123 The Court of Appeal explained the principle in Said v Butt in PT Sandipala
Arthaputra and others v STMicroelectronics Asia Pacific Pte Ltd and others
[2018] 1 SLR 818 (“PT Sandipala Arthaputra”) at [65] in these terms: a
director is ordinarily immune from liability in tort for authorising or
procuring his company’s breach of contract in his capacity as a director,
unless he acted in breach of his personal duties to the company.

124 At the outset, I note that there is no contractual relationship between
the members of the Affected Communities and PNGSDP. At first blush, it may
appear that the Said v Butt principle is irrelevant. Nonetheless, it is the
plaintiffs’ case that PNGSDP and Sir Mekere conspired to breach an implied
term in the Program Rules. The Program Rules constitute a contract to which
PNGSDP’s members for the time being are parties, and in respect of which
PNGSDP gave a contractual undertaking to comply with for the benefit of BHP
Minerals, BHP Group, the State and OTML. I am therefore satisfied that the
principle in Said v Butt remains relevant and will now consider its
applicability.

125 The plaintiffs plead that this case is within the exception to the
principle in Said v Butt because Sir Mekere breached his fiduciary duty to
PNGSDP. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

PASOC at para 135H.

In particular, they allege that Sir Mekere failed to act in PNGSDP’s best
interests because he caused PNGSDP to act with the predominant purpose of
injuring the members of the Affected Communities. This allegation is bereft of
all particulars and any evidential basis. It is the barest of bare
allegations. I do not accept that this allegation brings this case within the
exception to the principle in Said v Butt. To come within the exception, the
Court of Appeal in PT Sandipala Arthaputra held that it is insufficient merely
to allege that the director acted with the intent of injuring another (at
[66]):

If the director acted in the best interests of the company and not in breach
of any of his other duties owed to the company, notwithstanding that he also
possessed the intention to injure the third party or to induce a breach of
contract as against the third party (as the case may be), he would still be
entitled to the protection of the Said v Butt principle.

[emphasis added]

126 Even assuming that Sir Mekere acted with the predominant purpose of
injuring the members of the Affected Communities, 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

PASOC at para 135F.

or attempted to cause PNGSDP to injure them, this does not necessarily entail
that he breached his fiduciary duty to act in PNGSDP’s best interests. The
suite of contracts which PNGSDP entered into expressly oblige and empower
PNGSDP to act contrary to the interests of the members of the Affected
Communities in dealing with the Shares, Distributions, and the Long Term Fund.

127 I also accept PNGSDP’s reliance on Chong Hon Kuan Ivan v Levy Maurice and
others [2004] 4 SLR(R) 801 (“Ivan Chong”) for the proposition that it is
insufficient for a plaintiff to make bare allegations in its statement of
claim that a director-defendant acted outside the scope of his authority (at
[45]). 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

Transcript, 29 January 2021, p 9:23–27.

Additionally, Woo Bih Li J (as he then was) went on to say that merely
alleging that a defendant-director acted with a sole or predominant intention
to injure a plaintiff does not itself bring the plea within the principle in
Said v Butt. A predominant intention to injure the plaintiff is an element of
every lawful means conspiracy. If a bare pleading of this element sufficed to
deprive a defendant-director of the protection of the principle in Said v
Butt, the principle would be emasculated (at [46]).

128 I agree, with respect, with the reasoning of Woo J (as he then was) and
apply it to the context of a claim for lawful means conspiracy. PT Sandipala
Arthaputra confirms that a plaintiff has the onus of proving that a defendant-
director’s acts breached his duties to the company in order to bring the case
within the exception to the principle in Said v Butt (at [65]). The plaintiffs
cannot discharge this onus on the basis of their pleaded case. The claim in
lawful means conspiracy is legally unsustainable.

Unlawful means conspiracies

129 The four pleaded unlawful means conspiracies may be summarised as follows:

(a) Conspiracy B: OTML, PNGSDP, Sir Mekere and the State conspired to cause
OTML to make the Share Offload Representations fraudulently. The members of
the Affected Communities were deceived by the Share Offload Representations
into discontinuing the 2000 Class Action and abandoning their claims against
OTML, BHP Group and/or BHP Minerals arising from the environmental damage
caused by the Mine; 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

PASOC at para 136.

(b) Conspiracy C: OTML, PNGSDP, Sir Mekere and the State conspired to cause
OTML to breach the fiduciary duty which it owes to the members of the Affected
Communities. OTML did in fact breach that fiduciary duty by effecting the
Security Arrangements and the Shared Benefits Arrangement. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

PASOC at para 136E.

(c) Conspiracy D: OTML and PNGSDP conspired to have PNGSDP breach the
fiduciary duty which it owes to the members of the Affected Communities.
PNGSDP did in fact breach that fiduciary duty by making improper investments
in the Daru Deep Water Project and Mine Life Extension. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

PASOC at paras 136J–136L.

(d) Conspiracy E: PNGSDP and Sir Mekere conspired to have PNGSDP breach the
fiduciary duty which it owes to the members of the Affected Communities from
2012 onwards. 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

PASOC para 136O.

Conspiracies D and E

130 The unlawful act which is the basis for Conspiracies D and E is PNGSDP’s
breach of its fiduciary duty to members of the Affected Communities. I have
found that PNGSDP does not owe any such duty. There is therefore no unlawful
act to sustain Conspiracies D and E. Nor can the unlawful act for these
conspiracies be PNGSDP’s breach of the Program Rules. There is no contractual
relationship between PNGSDP and the members of the Affected Communities. For
these reasons, Conspiracies D and E are legally unsustainable and are struck
out.

Conspiracies B and C

131 As for Conspiracies B and C, the element of “combination” in these two
conspiracies is factually unsustainable. A combination requires an agreement
between the conspirators and concerted action pursuant to that agreement (EFT
Holdings at [113]). The conspirators must be “sufficiently aware of the
surrounding circumstances and share the object for it properly to be said that
they were acting in concert at the time of the acts complained of” (Kuwait Oil
Tanker Co SAK v Al Bader [2000] 2 All ER (Comm) 271 at [111], cited in EFT
Holdings at [113]). For both conspiracies, the PASOC is wholly bereft of any
particulars of the alleged combination among PNGSDP and the other alleged
conspirators

132 I consider Conspiracies B and C now in turn.

(1) Conspiracy B

133 The plaintiffs plead that PNGSDP became a party to Conspiracy B after it
was incorporated on 20 October 2001. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

PASOC at para 136(d).

The plaintiffs allege that PNGSDP agreed or shared a common object from the
date of its incorporation to deceive the members of the Affected Communities
because PNGSDP was aware that the Share Offload Representations were false.
136

##### Foot Note 136

×

PASOC at para 136(h)–136(i).

But, this presupposes that PNGSDP knew that the Share Offload Representations
had been made to the members of the Affected Communities in the first place.
The plaintiffs’ case for PNGSDP having that knowledge is that PNGSDP was
controlled by representatives of both BHP Group and the State (“the Control
Allegation”). 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

PASOC at para 136(e).

In response, PNGSDP submits that the Control Allegation contradicts my
findings in State v PNGSDP (HC) with the result that the plea of the requisite
knowledge is without factual foundation. 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

Transcript, 29 January 2021, p 12:2–20.

134 For reasons similar, but not identical, to those advanced by PNGSDP, I
find that the Control Allegation is factually unsustainable. It is, of course,
true that BHP Group as a member of PNGSDP had the power to appoint three “A”
directors to PNGSDP’s Board. It is also true that three independent Papua New
Guinea institutions each had the power to appoint one “B” director to PNGSDP’s
Board. 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

SJ’s 2nd Affidavit at p 1378, Article 24 of PNGSDP’s original constitution.

But in State v PNGSDP (CA) at [47], the Court of Appeal found that BHP Group,
OTML, PNGSDP, Sir Mekere and the State intended PNGSDP to be “independently
managed and free from any undue external influence”, even though measures were
put in place to ensure adequate supervision of PNGSDP. The State and BHP Group
also both ceased to be members of PNGSDP, thereby giving up any ability to
enforce their right to appoint directors to PNGSDP’s Board or indeed to
enforce any of their other rights under PNGSDP’s constitution (State v PNGSDP
(CA) at [47]).

135 Further, in various communications, BHP Group disclaimed any control over
PNGSDP. In a 2002 media release announcing BHP Group’s nominees for PNGSDP’s
Board, BHP Group stated that its nominees would “act entirely independently of
BHP Group under the Memorandum and Articles of Association of [PNGSDP] …”. 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

JMW’s 1st Affidavit at para 95, p 1465.

Further, in a letter sent to the State in 2013, BHP Group reiterated that
PNGSDP had been managed independently since its creation and that BHP Group
had never sought to influence decision-making by PNGSDP’s Board. 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

JMW’s 1st Affidavit at para 95, p 1466.

136 This is where my reasoning differs from PNGSDP’s submission on the Control
Allegation. To be fair to the plaintiffs, the Control Allegation (ie, control
in fact) is not necessarily contradicted by the Court of Appeal’s finding in
State v PNGSDP (CA). That finding is merely that BHP Group and the State
intended PNGSDP to be independent, not that it was in fact independent.
Nonetheless, the plaintiffs plead no particulars and provide no evidence even
to begin to suggest that BHP Group and the State acted contrary to this
intention. The plaintiffs therefore have absolutely no factual basis on which
to allege that PNGSDP knew that the Share Offload Representations had been
made. That leaves entirely unsustainable the plaintiffs’ case that PNGSDP knew
that the Share Offload Representations were false and therefore shared the
common agreement or object to deceive the members of the Affected Communities.

(2) Conspiracy C

137 Conspiracy C is factually unsustainable for the same reasons. As pleaded,
Conspiracy C involves the same conspirators as Conspiracy B. The alleged acts
performed in furtherance of the combination in Conspiracy C are identical to
those alleged in Conspiracy B: entering into the Security Arrangements and the
Shared Benefits Arrangement and thereby knowingly falsifying the Share Offload
Representations. 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

PASOC at paras 136, 136E.

To establish that PNGSDP was a party to Conspiracy C, the plaintiffs merely
repeat their case on Conspiracy B. 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

PASOC at para 136E(a).

Again, there is a complete lack of particulars and evidential basis even to
suggest that PNGSDP was in a combination with OTML, Sir Mekere and the State
to carry out the breaches of the fiduciary duty which OTML allegedly owes to
the members of the Affected Communities. Conspiracy C is plainly and obviously
unsustainable.

Conclusion on conspiracy claims

138 For all of the foregoing reasons, I have struck out all of the plaintiffs’
conspiracy claims against PNGSDP as being plainly and obviously unsustainable.

Unjust enrichment claim

139 The plaintiffs claim that PNGSDP is unjustly enriched by retaining funds
that should have been applied under the Mine Closure Plan for the benefit of
the members of the Affected Communities, ie the Shares and the Distributions.
144

##### Foot Note 144

×

PASOC at para 132(a).

PNGSDP’s enrichment is alleged to be unjust because it has come about as a
result of:

(a) a failure of consideration from OTML for the execution of the Opt-Out
Forms because OTML failed to procure fulfilment of the Share Offload
Representations; 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

PASOC at paras 33, 132A(b).

(b) exploitation of weaknesses by OTML in that the members of the Affected
Communities were misled into executing the Opt-Out Forms in ignorance of the
fact that the Shares and Distributions were not held on trust and not
unencumbered; 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

PASOC at para 132A(c).

and/or

(c) ignorance of the members of the Affected Communities at the time they
executed the Opt-Out Forms as to the fact that the Share Offload
Representations were false and/or would not be fulfilled and that the Shares
and Distributions were not held in accordance with the Share Offload
Understanding. 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

PASOC at para 132A(c).

Law on unjust enrichment

140 To succeed in a claim for unjust enrichment, a plaintiff must prove that
(Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (Publ), Singapore Branch v Asia Pacific
Breweries (Singapore) Pte Ltd and another and another appeal [2011] 3 SLR 540
at [110]; Anna Wee at [98]):

(a) the defendant has been enriched;

(b) the enrichment was at the plaintiff’s expense;

(c) an unjust factor is present which makes it is unjust to allow the
defendant to retain the enrichment; and

(d) the defendant has no defences available to it.

I have struck out the plaintiffs’ claim in unjust enrichment on the grounds
that their case on the second and third of these elements is plainly and
obviously unsustainable. That makes it unnecessary to analyse the first and
fourth of these elements.

Enrichment not at the plaintiffs’ expense

141 The Court of Appeal has described the second element as “the requirement
of a nexus between the value that was once attributable to the claimant and
the benefit received by the defendant, ie, the defendant has received a
benefit from a subtraction of the claimant’s assets” (Anna Wee at [113]).

142 It is no part of the plaintiffs’ case that the members of the Affected
Communities have now or have ever had in the past any proprietary interest in
PNGSDP’s assets, whether in the Shares (before they were cancelled), in
Distributions or in the Long Term Fund. 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

Transcript, 25 January 2021, p 13:24–27.

There is therefore no basis to allege that PNGSDP received an immediate
benefit from the members of the Affected Communities or that PNGSDP received
any benefit which is traceable from the assets of the members of the Affected
Communities (see Anna Wee at [115]–[116]).

143 The plaintiffs nevertheless seek to satisfy the second element as follows.
They submit that the Shares were “meant for” them by reason of the Share
Offload Representations. The members of the Affected Communities relied on
this representation to execute the Opt-Out Forms. They therefore had “an
interest” in the Shares which PNGSDP intercepted. 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

Transcript, 25 January 2021, pp 11:4–18, 13:32, 15:8–9.

As regards the Long Term Fund, the plaintiffs plead that it “should have been
applied for their benefit” under the Program Rules following de facto Mine
Closure 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

PASOC at para 132.

but that PNGSDP has failed to implement the Mine Closure Plan.

144 Although the plaintiffs do not use this label, their case relies on the
theory of interceptive subtraction. According to Professor Peter Birks, an
interceptive subtraction occurs where assets were “on their way, in fact or
law, to the claimant when the defendant intercepted them” but were “never
reduced to the ownership or possession of the claimant” (see Peter Birks,
Unjust Enrichment (Oxford University Press, 2nd Ed, 2005) at p 75).

145 PNGSDP submits that the second element cannot be made out as the members
of the Affected Communities never owned the Shares or the Long Term Fund to
begin with. For this reason, and because the members of the Affected
Communities also lack a contractual or personal right to the Shares and to the
monies in the Long Term Fund, interceptive subtraction cannot apply. 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

Transcript, 25 January 2021, pp 81:16–23, 84:1–8.

146 Before analysing interceptive subtraction further, I note that the Court
of Appeal in Anna Wee did not accept that a mere factual entitlement to the
property which the defendant has received is sufficient to establish
interceptive subtraction (Anna Wee at [123]). In the Court of Appeal’s view,
obiter, only a legal entitlement to the property which has been intercepted
will suffice (Anna Wee at [123]):

The words ‘on the way’ imply that the passing of hands was the last step in
the chain of legal entitlement which the claimant would be entitled to demand.
It is at this last step that interception is made on Prof Birks’s theory of
interceptive subtraction. We thus note that even on Prof Birks’s theory of
interceptive subtraction, certainty is still required. In our tentative view,
the preferable position is that the claimant must show some form of legal (and
not merely factual) entitlement to the property which is received by the
recipient. However, until such issue arises squarely for determination by this
court and we have had the benefit of hearing full arguments from parties, we
do not take a definitive position.

[emphasis in original in italics]

Despite this, I assume in the plaintiffs’ favour, without deciding, that a
factual entitlement to property suffices for interceptive subtraction. Even
so, the plaintiffs’ case that it had a factual entitlement to the Shares or
the Long Term Fund is plainly and obviously unsustainable.

147 According to Professor Birks, a plaintiff who relies on interceptive
subtraction must show that “the wealth in question would certainly have
arrived in the plaintiff if it had not been intercepted by the defendant en
route from the third party” [emphasis added] (Peter Birks, An Introduction to
the Law of Restitution (Oxford University Press, Rev Ed, 1989) (“Birks’s
Introduction”) at pp 133–134). This requirement of certainty is not without
its criticisms (see Lionel D Smith, “Three-Party Restitution: A critique of
Birks’s Theory of Interceptive Subtraction” (1991) 11 OJLS 481 at 486, cited
in Anna Wee at [120]). But I have no doubt that the plaintiffs’ claim falls
far short of satisfying the requirements of interceptive subtraction even on
the view of certainty which is most generous to the plaintiff.

148 In respect of the Shares, the factual entitlement of the members of the
Affected Communities to the Shares is premised on the non-fulfilment of the
Share Offload Representations. 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

PASOC at paras 132A(a)–132A(b).

Yet, even assuming that the action in deceit against OTML succeeds, the
members of the Affected Communities would be entitled only to damages for the
loss which they suffered as a result of relying on the misrepresentation
(Wishing Star Ltd v Jurong Town Corp [2008] 2 SLR(R) 909 at [28]). The remedy
for the tort of fraudulent misrepresentation is not an order requiring the
representor to fulfil the representation it made to the representee (Tiananmen
KTV (2013) Pte Ltd and others v Furama Pte Ltd [2015] 3 SLR 433 at [43]). It
also bears emphasising that PNGSDP received the shares in consideration of its
contractual undertaking to create a security interest over the Shares under
the Security Arrangements. 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

PASOC at paras 45(b)(iii)–45(b)(iv).

Any allegation that the members of the Affected Communities had a factual
entitlement to the Shares at all, let alone to the requisite degree of
certainty, is plainly and obviously unsustainable.

149 In respect of Distributions, the Program Rules preclude the members of the
Affected Communities from asserting any factual entitlement to them. Before
Mine Closure, cl 9.2 stipulates that PNGSDP is obliged to make the high
priority payments out of Distributions before applying the remainder for the
benefit of Papua New Guineans in the Western Province and elsewhere in Papua
New Guinea. Even then, only a third of the remainder is earmarked for “the
people of the Western Province of Papua New Guinea”. The members of the
Affected Communities are a subset of the people of the Western Province. It is
unsustainable to allege that it was even remotely “certain” that sustainable
development projects implemented out of the distributions would benefit the
members of the Affected Communities. It is entirely within the discretion of
PNGSDP’s Board to apply that part of the Distributions for sustainable
development projects which benefit communities in the Western Province which
are not Affected Communities. Furthermore, the Program Rules do not require
PNGSDP to transfer the Distributions directly to the people of the Western
Province, let alone to the members of the Affected Communities. Finally, all
Distributions are subject to the Security Arrangements. 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

PASOC at paras 45(b)(iii)–45(b)(iv).

Any allegation that the members of the Affected Communities had a factual
entitlement to Distributions at all, let alone to the requisite degree of
certainty, is plainly and obviously unsustainable.

150 In respect of the Long Term Fund, the Program Rules dispel any notion of
the members of the Affected Communities having a factual entitlement to the
fund. Before Mine Closure, PNGSDP can draw on the Long Term Fund only to pay
certain high priority expenses and not at all for carrying out the Objects.
After Mine Closure, PNGSDP can draw on the Long Term Fund to pay certain high
priority expenses and only 2.5% of the Long Term Fund for Sustainable
Development Purposes. Further, both before and after Mine Closure, the Long
Term Fund is also subject to the Security Arrangements. 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

PASOC at para 45(b)(iv).

151 In respect of the investment income earned on the Long Term Fund, PNGSDP
is obliged to apply this after Mine Closure:

… for the benefit of the people of the Western Province and those of the rest
of PNG in proportions to be determined by the Board at the time of Mine
Closure with the objective of minimising the dislocation in the Western
Province … and assisting with … the maintenance of expenditures on services
and support for Sustainable Development Purposes within the Western Province
of Papua New Guinea at the level funded by OTML and its associated entities
before Mine Closure.

[emphasis added]

152 Although cl 10.4 undoubtedly makes express reference to the object of
mitigating dislocation in the Western Province, it is perfectly possible that
the sustainable development projects undertaken will all target and benefit
communities in the Western Province other than the Affected Communities. The
only certainty is that PNGSDP’s Board must consider implementing sustainable
development projects which benefit the Affected Communities, the Western
Province or Papua New Guinea as a whole.

153 Any allegation that the members of the Affected Communities had a factual
entitlement to the Long Term Fund at all or to the investment income earned on
it, let alone to the requisite degree of certainty, is plainly and obviously
unsustainable.

154 Thus, there is no basis for the plaintiffs to assert that the members of
the Affected Communities had a factual entitlement to any of PNGSDP's assets.
And they certainly had no contractual right to receive assets from PNGSDP. Put
another way, the members of the Affected Communities had no wealth which
PNGSDP subtracted from them, whether directly or even by interception. Even if
a mere factual entitlement suffices to establish interceptive subtraction,
therefore, the plaintiffs’ case on the second element is plainly and obviously
unsustainable.

No unjust factor

155 A plaintiff will succeed in a claim in unjust enrichment only if it can
establish on the third element the presence of a particular unjust factor
recognised in Singapore law as yielding a right to recovery (Anna Wee at
[134]). A plaintiff cannot succeed in a claim in unjust enrichment simply by
showing that it is “unjust” in some abstract sense for a defendant to retain
an enrichment. So too, a plaintiff cannot succeed simply by showing the
absence of a juristic reason for the defendant’s enrichment (cf Alberta at
[82]).

156 The Court of Appeal in Anna Wee referred to sets of “unjust factors”
summarised in the two leading academic treatises: (a) Andrew Burrows, The Law
of Restitution (Oxford University Press, 3rd Ed, 2011) (“Burrows”); and (b)
Charles Mitchell, Paul Mitchell & Stephen Watterson, Goff & Jones: The Law of
Unjust Enrichment (Sweet & Maxwell, 8th Ed, 2011) (“Goff & Jones 8th”).
Burrows (at p 86) lists eleven main unjust factors (Anna Wee at [132]):

As regards the cause of action of unjust enrichment, the main unjust factors
can be listed as follows: mistake, duress, undue influence, exploitation of
weakness, human incapacity, failure of consideration, ignorance, legal
compulsion, necessity, illegality and public authority ultra vires exaction
and payment.

Goff & Jones 8th (at para 1-22) lists eleven slightly different unjust factors
(Anna Wee at [133]):

Lack of consent and want of authority; mistake; duress; undue influence;
failure of basis; necessity; secondary liability; ultra vires receipts and
payments by public bodies; legal incapacity; illegality; and money paid
pursuant to a judgment that is later reversed.

157 The three unjust factors which plaintiffs rely on are set out at [139]
above: (a) failure of consideration by OTML when it failed to procure
fulfilment of the Share Offload Representations after members of the Affected
Communities had executed the Opt-Out Forms in reliance on those
representations; 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

PASOC at paras 132A(a)–132A(b).

(b) exploitation of weakness by OTML when it deceived the members of the
Affected Communities into executing the Opt-Out Forms while they were unaware
that the Shares and Distributions were not to be held on trust and were not to
be unencumbered; 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

PASOC at para 132A(c).

and (c) the ignorance of the members of the Affected Communities that the
Share Offload Representations would not be fulfilled when they executed the
Opt-Out Forms. 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

PASOC at para 132A(d).

158 I will consider each unjust factor in turn.

Failure of consideration

159 The concept of consideration as an unjust factor is distinct from the
concept of consideration as a requirement for a valid contract (Benzline Auto
Pte Ltd v Supercars Lorinser Pte Ltd and another [2018] 1 SLR 239 (“Benzline”)
at [48]). Failure of consideration as an unjust factor means a failure of
basis (Benzline at [46]). The concept of failure of basis is summarised in
Charles Mitchell, Paul Mitchell & Stephen Watterson, Goff & Jones: The Law of
Unjust Enrichment (Sweet & Maxwell, 9th Ed, 2016) (“Goff & Jones 9th”) at para
12–01, as follows:

… The core underlying idea of failure of basis is simple: a benefit has been
conferred on the joint understanding that the recipient’s right to retain it
is conditional. If the condition is not fulfilled, the recipient must return
the benefit. …

160 The inquiry as to whether there is a failure of basis has two parts:
first, what was the basis for the transfer in respect of which restitution is
sought; and second, whether that basis has failed (Benzline at [46]). The
plaintiffs plead that the consideration for the members of the Affected
Communities, or their representatives, signing the Opt Out Forms was for OTML
to procure the performance of the Share Offload Representations. 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

PASOC at para 33A.

But we need not be detained in this case by this inquiry.

161 The plaintiffs’ reliance on this unjust factor is unsustainable for a more
fundamental reason. Even if this unjust factor is made out and the claim
succeeds, the plaintiffs will not be entitled to the remedy they seek: to hold
PNGSDP liable to account for the monies that should have been applied for the
benefit of the members of the Affected Communities. 160

##### Foot Note 160

×

PASOC at para 133.

162 On the plaintiffs’ case, the party who was enriched is OTML. What is the
benefit that the members of the Affected Communities conferred on OTML for
which there has been an alleged failure of basis? This benefit could not have
been the Shares, Distributions or the Long Term Fund because: (a) these assets
were never the property at law or in equity of the members of the Affected
Communities; (b) it was never a factual certainty that these assets were
destined for the members of the Affected Communities; and (c) it defies the
facts and logic to say that the Shares or Distributions are an enrichment
which the members of the Affected Communities conferred upon OTML.

163 The benefit that the members of the Affected Communities conferred on OTML
was the release of their right to sue OTML. 161

##### Foot Note 161

×

PASOC at para 33(b).

So, even if I assume that the Share Offload Representations formed the basis
of the release and that this basis failed due to non-fulfilment of the Share
Offload Representations, the members of the Affected Communities would be
entitled to recover only their right to sue or the value of that right. This
is because restitution restores to the plaintiff only the value received by
the defendant (Goff & Jones 9th at para 36-02). Even if a failure of
consideration is made out as against OTML, an attempt to hold PNGSDP liable to
account for monies that it should have applied for the benefit of the members
of the Affected Communities on the basis of this unjust factor is plainly and
obviously unsustainable and should be struck out. 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

PASOC at para 133.

Exploitation of weakness

164 The unjust factor of exploitation of weakness is used in Burrows at p 300
to refer to unconscionable bargains which equity will set aside. The
plaintiffs appear to rely on MSP4GE Asia Pte Ltd and another v MSP Global Pte
Ltd and others [2019] 3 SLR 1348 for the proposition that this unjust factor
forms part of Singapore law. 163

##### Foot Note 163

×

Transcript, 21 January 2021, p 51:16–18.

But, a closer reading of that case shows that Andrew Ang SJ was merely
illustrating possible unjust factors by reference to Burrows and Goff & Jones
8th without accepting that those unjust factors form part of Singapore law (at
[143]–[145]). I have done the same at [157] above. It is unnecessary for me to
determine whether exploitation of weakness as an unjust factor forms part of
Singapore law because the PASOC does not even disclose exploitation in the
sense described in Burrows.

165 For this unjust factor, Burrows clarifies that the law is not responding
to lies, as in the tort of deceit. Rather, the law seeks to protect a
plaintiff who suffers from a weakness (whether mental or arising from the
plaintiff’s circumstances) which is not so extreme as to constitute an
incapacity (Burrows at p 300). Burrows sets out three elements which must be
established to succeed on this unjust factor (at p 300):

First, that the claimant has a mental or circumstantial weakness [“the First
Element”]; secondly, disadvantageous terms [“the Second Element”]; and,
thirdly, although the evidential burden of proof may here be on the defendant,
a lack of independent advice given to the claimant [“the Third Element”].

[emphasis added]

Graham Virgo in The Principles of the Law of Restitution (Oxford University
Press, 3rd Ed, 2016) (“Virgo’s Restitution”) at pp 278–286 and Goff & Jones
9th at paras 11-59–11-65 recognise that unconscionable bargains are also an
unjust factor.

166 The plaintiffs fail on all three elements of exploitation of weakness. I
begin by considering whether the plaintiffs have pleaded a sustainable case of
mental or circumstantial weakness so as to satisfy the First Element.

167 With regard to mental weakness, Burrows at p 301 identifies two categories
of plaintiffs: expectant heirs and the poor and ignorant. It is readily
apparent that what Burrows is describing corresponds to the narrow doctrine of
unconscionability recognised by the Court of Appeal in BOM v BOK and another
appeal [2019] 1 SLR 349 (“BOM”) at [141]–[142]. This is put beyond doubt when
Burrows at pp 302–303 traces the origin of the “poor and ignorant” category of
plaintiffs to Fry v Lane (1888) 40 Ch D 312 (“Fry”) at 322 and later Cresswell
v Potter [1978] 1 WLR 255 (“Cresswell") at 257. The narrow doctrine of
unconscionability formulated in BOM is a modification of the requirements in
Fry and Cresswell (BOM at [141]).

168 It follows that if “exploitation of weakness” is an unjust factor, a
plaintiff who relies on this unjust factor must be able to invoke the narrow
doctrine of unconscionability as set out in BOM. To do so, a plaintiff must
show that she was suffering from an infirmity that the other party exploited
in procuring the transaction (BOM at [142]). If she does so, the burden is
then cast onto the defendant to demonstrate that the transaction was fair,
just and reasonable. In this regard, while successfully invoking the doctrine
of unconscionability does not require a plaintiff also to establish the Second
or Third Elements, these are factors which the court will invariably consider
in assessing whether the transaction was improvident (BOM at [142]).

169 As to what infirmities fall within the ambit of the narrow doctrine of
unconscionability besides poverty and ignorance (which were identified in Fry
and Cresswell), the Court of Appeal included situations where the plaintiff is
suffering from other forms of infirmities, whether physical, mental or
emotional in nature (BOM at [141]). But the Court of Appeal qualified the
scope of relevant infirmities by stating at [141] that:

… not every infirmity would ipso facto be sufficient to invoke the narrow
doctrine of unconscionability. It must have been of sufficient gravity as to
have acutely affected the plaintiff’s ability to “conserve his own interests”
(see the High Court of Australia decision of Blomley v Ryan (1956) 99 CLR 362
at 381). Such infirmity must also have been, or ought to have been, evident to
the other party procuring the transaction.

[emphasis in original in bold italics]

170 The plaintiffs’ case is that OTML exploited the weakness of the members of
the Affected Communities by misleading them into thinking that the Shares and
Distributions would be held on trust for them and would be unencumbered. 164

##### Foot Note 164

×

PASOC at para 132A(c).

This pleading does not address the meaning of “poor and ignorant”. In
Cresswell at 257, Megarry J clarified that “poor and ignorant” refers to
someone who is “a member of the lower income group” and “less highly educated”
respectively in modern parlance. While I accept that the members of the
Affected Communities are as a whole individuals who are poor and
unsophisticated, the plaintiffs do not plead these circumstances as the
factual basis for exploitation of weakness as an unjust factor. The gist of
the plaintiffs’ case on exploitation of weakness appears instead to be an
alleged misrepresentation. As Burrows highlights, misrepresentation falls
outside the ambit of this unjust factor.

171 With regard to circumstantial weakness, Burrows concedes that there “is
little support in English law for setting aside transactions for this form of
exploitation” (at p 306). Circumstantial weakness is a situation in which the
plaintiff is merely in “difficult circumstances” (Burrows at p 306). In any
case, I repeat my finding in the preceding paragraph that there are no other
relevant infirmities which arise on the pleaded facts which enliven the narrow
doctrine of unconscionability.

172 For completeness, Burrows also suggests that inequality of bargaining
power as described by Lord Denning in Lloyds Bank Ltd v Bundy [1975] QB 326 at
339 may be a type of circumstantial weakness which amounts to an unjust factor
(Burrows at p 306). But Lord Denning’s principle of inequality of bargaining
power was squarely rejected as an ill-founded principle in BOM at [133].

173 In summary, the plaintiffs have pleaded no mental or circumstantial
weaknesses which could conceivably establish the First Element in exploitation
of weakness as an unjust factor. I am also satisfied that the PASOC fails to
address the Second and Third Elements. In any event, exploitation of weakness
as an unjust factor is completely at odds with the contractual obligations,
discretions and powers under the suite of contracts which PNGSDP entered into.
Accordingly, I hold that a claim in unjust enrichment based on the unjust
factor of exploitation of weakness is plainly and obviously unsustainable and
have therefore struck it out.

Ignorance

174 Ignorance in this context is a term of art. Goff & Jones 9th at paras  
8-02–8-03 explains that this unjust factor consists of situations of “lack of
consent” or “want of authority”:

… Where D is enriched at C’s expense without the intermediation of any third
party – as where D simply steals from C – C’s “lack of consent” is ordinarily
a sufficient description of the operative ground. This is also true in many
cases where D is immediately enriched as a result of the actions of a third
party, X, but at C’s expense. However, the position is different if X is a
party who owns or controls assets subject to duties and powers to deal with
them for C’s benefit. Here, if X acts within his authority, then C will have
no remedy; but if X acts outside his authority, his “want of authority” will
itself constitute a sufficient ground for recovery by C. …

[emphasis added]

175 In my view, the plaintiffs cannot succeed on lack of consent as an unjust
factor in this case because the members of the Affected Communities never had
a proprietary interest or a factual entitlement to the requisite degree of
certainty in the Shares or Distributions. There was no legal or factual
obligation on OTML, PNGSDP or BHP Minerals to obtain the consent of the
members of the Affected Communities to the transfer the Shares from BHP
Minerals to PNGSDP. Their lack of consent to the Shares and the Distributions
being held on terms which falsify the Share Offload Understanding 165

##### Foot Note 165

×

PASOC at para 132A(d).

is simply legally irrelevant. It cannot satisfy the requirements of ignorance
as an unjust factor.

176 My reasons in the preceding paragraph above are sufficient to dispose of
the unjust factor of lack of consent. But, in addition, it is my tentative
view that lack of consent must be distinguished from vitiated intent. This
distinction is another reason that a claim founded on this final unjust factor
is plainly and obviously unsustainable. Where there is lack of consent, the
plaintiff has no intent to enrich the defendant at all. Paradigms include a
plaintiff whose property is stolen, a plaintiff who is unaware that his
property is being taken from him and a plaintiff who is aware that his
property is being taken from him but is powerless to prevent it (Goff & Jones
at paras 8-01–8-02, 8-09). In contrast, in a situation of vitiated intent, the
plaintiff does intend to enrich the defendant, but his intent is vitiated or
defective. The paradigm here is a mistake.

177 Ignorance as an unjust factor is not concerned with vitiated intent. That
falls to be considered under other unjust factors such as mistake. The
plaintiffs rely on none of these other unjust factors. This distinction is
drawn in Goff & Jones 9th at para 8-08, Virgo’s Restitution at p 131 and James
Edelman and Elise Bant, Unjust Enrichment (Hart Publishing, 2nd Ed, 2016) at p
281. Because the members of the Affected Communities did intend to release
their right to sue OTML, BHP Minerals and BHP Group but now assert simply that
they were ignorant that the Share Offload Understanding would be falsified
when they did so, their case is one of vitiated intention, not ignorance. The
plaintiffs’ case on the unjust factor of ignorance or lack of consent is
plainly and obviously unsustainable.

178 The want of authority analysis described in Burrows does not assist the
plaintiffs either. Want of authority was rejected as an unjust factor by the
Court of Appeal in Alwie Handoyo v Tjong Very Sumito and another and another
appeal [2013] 4 SLR 308 at [111]–[114].

179 For the avoidance of doubt, I do not hold that ignorance (specifically, a
lack of consent as described in Goff & Jones 9th) is an unjust factor which
forms part of Singapore law. This is not a settled question: see Anna Wee at
[139], [166]; AAHG, LLC v Hong Hin Kay Albert [2017] 3 SLR 636 at [74], Ong
Teck Soon (executor of the estate of Ong Kim Nang, deceased) v Ong Teck Seng
and another [2017] 4 SLR 819 at [24]. I hold merely that it is unnecessary for
me to decide the question because the plaintiffs’ case is unsustainable even
if it does form part of Singapore law.

Conclusion on unjust enrichment

180 Alleging that they are victims of a deception by OTML is insufficient to
satisfy the second element of unjust enrichment or to bring the members of the
Affected Communities within any of the three unjust factors on which the
plaintiffs rely. I do not accept that the law of unjust enrichment affords the
members of the Affected Communities a remedy which has the effect of
circumventing a contractual framework (ie, the Ninth Supplemental Agreement,
the Master Agreement, the Program Rules and the Security Arrangements) that
expressly provides for the transfer of the Shares to PNGSDP and, in
consideration, for PNGSDP to subject the Shares to the Security Arrangements.

181 The plaintiffs’ claim in unjust enrichment is plainly and obviously
unsustainable. I have accordingly struck it out.

Conclusion

182 In summary, I have struck out all four of the claims which the plaintiffs
have advanced against PNGSDP in the PASOC. The plaintiffs appear to have
approached the PASOC as a box-ticking exercise, in which to plead each of the
constituent elements of each of the plaintiffs’ four claims. That approach has
not been sufficient to survive striking out. In my view, it is not necessary
to await a trial of this action in order to conclude that all four claims
against PNGSDP are, for the reasons I have given, plainly and obviously
unsustainable.

Vinodh Coomaraswamy

Judge of the High Court

Adrian Tan, Ong Pei Ching, Hari Veluri and David Aw

(TSMP Law Corporation) for the plaintiffs;

Mark Seah, Andrea Gan, Chua Weilin, See Kwang Guan and Ashwin Nair Vijayakumar
(Dentons Rodyk & Davidson LLP) for the second defendant;

Adam Muneer Yusoff Maniam and Chua Xyn Yee

(Drew & Napier LLC) for the first defendant (watching brief);

The third to fifth defendants absent and unrepresented.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 24 May 2023 (18:14 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

