Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the FAMILY JUSTICE COURTS of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHCF 36

District Court Appeal No 58 of 2021

Between

VTP

… Appellant

And

VTO

… Respondent

judgment

[Family Law] — [Grounds for divorce] — [Behaviour]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
VTP

  
v

  

VTO

[2021] SGHCF 36

General Division of the High Court (Family Division) — District Court Appeal
No 58 of 2021  
Choo Han Teck J  
20 October 2021

22 October 2021 Judgment reserved.

Choo Han Teck J:

1 The husband here, who is now aged 50, is a trainer and consultant in
workplace safety, and the wife, aged 42, is a data analyst with the Citibank.
They married on 9 December 1999 in India and have a son who is now 21 years
old, and a daughter who is 16 years old. The wife filed for divorce on 17 July
2019 which was contested by the husband. The suit was founded on the husband’s
unreasonable behaviour, and the wife cited abusive conduct and financial
irresponsibility as the basis of the unreasonable behaviour.

2 The parties bought a Housing and Development Board (“HDB”) flat in 2000 at
Jurong East, and moved there until they moved into a condominium flat at 6
Gateway in 2017. This condominium was bought in 2013 and was rented out.
Counsel referred to them as the two matrimonial homes. There can be two
matrimonial homes if they have both two families. The fact that a husband and
wife have two properties does not mean that they have two matrimonial homes.
They may have initially made the HDB flat their matrimonial home, but once
they moved, 6 Gateway became their matrimonial home. They can refer to a first
and second matrimonial home only in relation to time, not to number.

3 The DJ rejected the wife’s claim that the husband had been abusive to her
and the children, but he accepted her claim that the husband had acted
irresponsibly in the conduct of his and the family financial affairs, and on
that basis granted her an interim judgment.

4 The husband appealed. There is no cross-appeal by the wife, so the only
issue before me is whether the DJ was right to have granted the interim
judgment on the ground of unreasonable behaviour on account of the husband’s
irresponsibility with regard to matters of finance. The parties and the DJ
used the phrase “financial irresponsibility”, as the convenient descriptive
phrase.

5 The instances of the husband’s financial irresponsibility are set out by the
DJ in his grounds of decision. These include ‘[dabbling] in various
investments and [starting] his own business to obtain quick high-yield
returns’. The husband invested more than $50,000 in the business against her
objections. The company was eventually declared insolvent in 2010. He also
made investments without her knowledge, such as in FOREX, placing himself in
debt. The husband had registered the wife’s name as a distributor in a multi-
level marketing business without her consent or knowledge. The husband was
himself adjudicated a bankrupt in 2016. The wife gave proof of numerous unpaid
debts and fines incurred by the husband, and paid eventually, by the wife.
Those debts include the non-payment of utilities and property taxes. All the
allegations were disputed, but the DJ compared the evidence and testimonies of
both and found in favour of the wife.

6 So far as the facts are concerned, I am not inclined to upset the findings
of the DJ, and nothing I read from the record justifies an alternative
finding. What I will consider is whether the facts satisfy s 95(3)(b) of the
Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 2009 Rev Ed), that the husband had behaved in such a
way that the wife cannot reasonably be expected to live with him. That
question must begin with a reminder that the matrimonial vow includes the
dedication to remain by each other, “for richer or poorer”. The husband is
poorer. The wife is not. The vow ought to keep them together, as it would in
many similar situations that other married couples find themselves.

7 Despite the marital vow, the law allows a party to rescind it, so to speak,
provided that the conduct of the other amounts to behaviours that render it
unreasonable to expect the wife to continue to live with the husband. The
first step is to assess whether the wife found it intolerable to live with the
husband. This is subjective. Next, the court should consider whether the wife
can reasonably be expected to live with the husband. That is an objective
test, but the court may take into account the personalities of the parties in
assessing the impact of the behaviour on the other spouse. The husband’s
behaviour not only towards the wife, but also in relation to the marriage, is
relevant in this inquiry: Castello Ana Paula Costa Fusillier v Lobo Carlos
Manuel Rosado [2003] 4 SLR(R) 331 at [21]. Impecuniosity in itself is
insufficient for one spouse to leave the other, by law, if not by conduct, and
bearing in mind the Tolstoyan insight that every unhappy family is unhappy in
its own way, I accept the DJ’s finding that the husband’s behaviour in this
case had taken “an emotional toll on the [wife] and it [had] affected her
health”. On balance, I incline towards the DJ’s opinion that the husband’s
conduct in this case sufficiently amounted to unreasonable behaviour
especially since the DJ found that the wife had implored the husband to behave
more responsibly and honestly in the managing of finances that affect her and
the children.

8 On appeal, counsel for the husband submitted that the DJ was wrong not to
have considered the fact that the wife did not really want a divorce, pointing
to some messages that she only wanted “a paper separation”. That is not only
incongruous with a message that read, “my parents friends all want me to come
out from your shit messy life…[that’s] the fact”. There is nothing I find to
suggest that the wife does not want a divorce, or, as his counsel submitted,
that she only wanted a “paper divorce”, whatever that might mean.

9 For the reasons above, this appeal is dismissed. I will hear the question of
costs at another date if parties are unable to agree costs.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge of the High Court

Tien De Ming Grismond (Infinitus Law Corporation) for the Appellant;  
Lim Junchen Xavier, Madeleine Poh (Yeo & Associates LLC) for the Respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 25 Oct 2021 (09:47 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

