Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the APPELLATE DIVISION OF

  
THE

high court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC(A) 5

Civil Appeal No 13 of 2021

Between

| Soemarto Sulistio  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

(1)| Stukan Yetty Fang  
---|---  
(2)| Sulistio Yena  
(3)| Hino Yenny Sulistio  
(4)| Sulistio Edy  
  
… Respondents

In the matter of Suit No 836 of 2019

Between

| Soemarto Sulistio  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Stukan Yetty Fang  
---|---  
(2)| Sulistio Yena  
(3)| Rudy Sulistio  
(4)| Hino Yenny Sulistio  
(5)| Sulistio Edy  
  
… Defendants

ex tempore judgment

[Gifts] — [Inter vivos]

[Trusts] — [Constructive trusts]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Soemarto Sulistio

  
v

  

Stukan Yetty Fang and others

[2021] SGHC(A) 5

Appellate Division of the High Court — Civil Appeal No 13 of 2021  
Belinda Ang Saw Ean JAD, See Kee Oon J, Chua Lee Ming J  
23 July 2021

23 July 2021

Belinda Ang Saw Ean JAD (delivering the judgment of the court ex tempore):

1 This appeal concerns the rightful ownership of 122 gold bars. The gold bars
were purchased in 1989 from United Overseas Bank (“UOB”) in Singapore. At the
time of purchase, the gold bars were held under six UOB Gold Certificates
bearing various serial numbers and dated 11 February 1989 (the “Original Gold
Certificates”). The Original Gold Certificates were issued in the joint names
of the appellant, Mr Soemarto Sulistio (the “appellant”), and his wife (“Mdm
Soemiati”). On 17 April 2016, the appellant, at Mdm Soemiati’s request, signed
the Original Gold Certificates under the section with the heading “Delivery
Instructions”. With the signed “Delivery Instructions”, Mdm Soemiati obtained
new gold certificates in her sole name in May 2016. The Original Gold
Certificates were thus cancelled. Mdm Soemiati died in April 2017, and her
will bequeathed the gold bars to the respondents, who are the first, second,
fourth and fifth children of the appellant and Mdm Soemiati. In HC/S 836/2019,
the appellant essentially sued the respondents for the return of the gold bars
claiming a beneficial interest in the same under the new gold certificates.

2 The trial judge (the “Judge”) dismissed the appellant’s claim. The Judge’s
decision is reported in Soemarto Sulistio v Stukan Yetty Fang and others
[2021] SGHC 04 (the “Judgment”). The Judge applied Chan Yuen Lan v See Fong
Mun [2014] 3 SLR 1048 at [160] (“Chan Yuen Lan framework”) and held that,
although the couple’s common intention in 1989 was for the gold bars to be
held jointly, the couple’s subsequent common intention in 2016 was to transfer
both legal and beneficial ownership of the gold bars to Mdm Soemiati.

3 The case that was argued before the Judge focused on the intention of the
couple in and after April 2016. The shape of the appellant’s argument was that
the gold bars were held in Mdm Soemiati’s name and remained in her custody
under a common intention constructive trust. Specifically, the appellant did
not contest the validity of the transfer of the appellant’s legal title to Mdm
Soemiati. By the terms of his Declaration of 22 December 2017 (“2017
Declaration”), the appellant accepted that he had transferred the gold bars to
Mdm Soemiati who held the same on trust for his benefit. Both parties
approached the case on the basis that the dispute should be resolved by
applying the Chan Yuen Lan framework as the Judge noted (Judgment at [17] to
[23]). Consequently, the Judge approached her decision using the Chan Yuen Lan
framework (see Judgment at [24] to [27]).

4 Dr Tang Hang Wu (“Dr Tang”), instructed to argue the appeal for the
appellant, submits that the Judge was wrong to have found that the subsequent
common intention of the parties in 2016 had been to transfer both beneficial
and legal ownership of the gold bars to Mdm Soemiati. The correct inquiry is
whether the appellant had intended to make an inter vivos gift to the wife.
Counsel for the respondents, Mr Jimmy Yim SC (“Mr Yim”) submits that the Judge
was not wrong to apply the Chan Yuen Lan framework, but Mr Yim accepts that
the dispositive issue is whether the appellant intended to make an inter vivos
gift of the gold bars, and relies on the presumption of advancement in the
wife’s favour. Mr Yim further argues that the burden of proof is on the
appellant to establish that he had intended to maintain a joint beneficial
interest in the gold bars under the new gold certificates with a right of
survivorship despite his signing of the Original Gold Certificates as
described above.

5 We accept that an important factual question is whether the appellant
intended to gift legal and beneficial ownership of the gold bars to his wife
solely when he signed the Original Gold Certificates in 2016. We also accept
that the dispute need not have been resolved by applying the Chan Yuen Lan
framework, as the transfer of the gold bars in 2016 concerned an inter vivos
gift and it had nothing to do with the parties’ financial contributions.
Notwithstanding the approach adopted by the Judge, the factual finding at [52]
of her Judgment that the appellant intended such a gift is not affected and,
in our view, it should not be disturbed, as the finding is not plainly wrong
or against the weight of the evidence. We will elaborate on this.

6 The appellant pleaded at para 42(2) of his statement of claim (amendment no.
2) (“SOC”) that he “did not intend to give the gold bars to Mdm Soemiati
during his life time”. However, the appellant also pleaded in his SOC, and
further particularised in his further and better particulars, that Mdm
Soemiati held the gold bars “on trust” – specifically, either a resulting
trust, Quistclose trust, or constructive trust – “for the [appellant] and/or
Mdm Soemiati jointly and/or for their benefit”. This was noted by the Judge in
her Judgment at [14]. The reliefs sought in the appellant’s SOC, which remain
unamended in this appeal, are, inter alia, (a) a declaration that he is the
beneficial owner of all the gold bars and (b) a declaration that the estate of
Mdm Soemiati is holding the gold bars on trust and for the benefit of the
appellant. By his pleaded case, therefore, the appellant accepts the existence
of the trust and hence sought the aforementioned declaratory reliefs. As
mentioned, the appellant’s 2017 Declaration also maintained that Mdm Soemiati
held the gold bars on trust for him (see Judgment at [44]).

7 It follows from the foregoing that the appellant accepted the fact that the
legal title to the gold bars was validly transferred to Mdm Soemiati at the
time the appellant signed the Original Gold Certificates. Indeed, as the Judge
noted in her Judgment at [48], the appellant accepted the validity of the
transfer. The issue below was whether the appellant intended to pass
beneficial ownership of the gold bars to Mdm Soemiati.

8 However, on appeal, Dr Tang has raised a new argument that the precise
subject matter of the gift was not effectively delivered because the Original
Gold Certificates were signed by the appellant with the name of the transferee
left blank. Dr Tang submits that this means that the gift is “incomplete”.

9 This submission is fundamentally inconsistent with the appellant’s own
pleaded case outlined at [6] above, as it seeks to challenge the validity of
the transfer of legal title. We agree with the respondents that the appellant
is running a different factual case on appeal for which he has not sought
leave to do. This new case is also inconsistent with the appellant’s SOC,
which he has also not sought to amend. The appellant is not permitted to
advance this new point on appeal.

10 We now turn to the question whether a valid inter vivos gift was made. A
valid inter vivos gift is made where there is a subjective intention to gift
and delivery of the precise subject matter of the gift: Toh Eng Tiah v Jiang
Angelina and another appeal [2021] 1 SLR 1176 at [52]. We have already
explained that the latter requirement – the delivery of the precise subject
matter of the gift – was not challenged at the trial below, and the appellant
cannot resile from the position taken below. Consequently, the only remaining
question is whether the appellant intended to gift beneficial ownership of the
gold bars to Mdm Soemiati.

11 The appellant’s main submission on appeal is that he did not intend to gift
the gold bars to Mdm Soemiati in 2016 and, as stated in the appellant’s case
at para 5, “there is no change in the joint beneficial ownership of the gold
bars certificates with the right of survivorship” such that, “[u]pon the
demise of Mdm Soemiati, he became the sole beneficial owner of the original
certificates” [emphasis added]. Since it is the appellant’s case that there
was no inter vivos gift of the gold bars to his wife, it is uncontroversial
that the burden is on the appellant to prove this. We agree with the
respondents and the Judge that the appellant has been unable to provide any
credible, clear, or coherent explanation for why he signed the “Delivery
Instructions” section of the Original Gold Certificates to transfer his
interest.

12 As the Judge rightly pointed out (see Judgment at [49(a)]), if the
appellant’s intention was to retain full beneficial interest in the gold bars,
including the right to survivorship, then his transfer of his joint legal
title to his wife in 2016 would be completely inexplicable, as the appellant
already had joint title to the gold bars prior to the transfer in April 2016.
Thus, the appellant’s claim in this regard is inherently unbelievable.

13 The appellant further submits that he signed on the “Delivery Instructions”
section of the Original Gold Certificates so that Mdm Soemiati could have
“control” over the certificates. This explanation makes no sense because Mdm
Soemiati was always in possession of the certificates.

14 Mr Yim relies on the presumption of advancement to rebut the resulting
trust pleaded by the appellant, as this is a transfer of property from a
husband to his wife, and the burden is on the appellant to prove that he had
no intention to gift (see Koh Lian Chye and another v Koh Ah Leng and another
and another appeal [2021] SGCA 69 (“Koh Lian Chye”) at [25]). We agree with Mr
Yim that the appellant’s various explanations are inconsistent at best and not
only fail to rebut the presumption of advancement but also point towards the
appellant’s intention to gift.

(a) In the appellant’s first affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”), the
appellant claimed that he had signed to ensure that the gold bars would go to
his late wife after his death (“first AEIC explanation”). However, in the
appellant’s supplementary AEIC, the appellant attested that he signed simply
because his wife asked him to (“supplementary AEIC explanation”). Then, at the
trial, the appellant testified that “I signed to prove the gold was mine”
(“trial explanation”). These inconsistent explanations undermined his
credibility as a witness.

(b) The Judge found that the first AEIC explanation made little sense because
the appellant himself admitted that he knew that the gold bars, being in joint
names, would become solely owned by Mdm Soemiati should the appellant
predecease her. The Judge’s finding is not plainly wrong.

(c) As for the supplementary AEIC explanation, the Judge found it difficult to
believe that an experienced businessman like the appellant would sign the
Original Gold Certificates without question. The appellant’s explanation also
did not sit well with his evidence that he was “surprised” when his wife asked
him to sign, as it was not often that she would ask him to sign documents.
This finding is also not plainly wrong. While the appellant submits that he
did not ask Mdm Soemiati the reason for seeking his signature because he
trusted her, this testimony is also dubious because of his earlier excuses.

(d) As for the appellant’s trial explanation that he “signed to prove the gold
was [his]” (see [14(a)] above), we agree with the respondents that the
explanation makes no sense because he had signed under the very section of the
Original Gold Certificates that had to do with the transfer of title to the
gold bars. The appellant also failed to explain why there was a sudden need to
sign the certificates to prove that the gold bars were his.

(e) In his appellant’s case, the appellant now argues on appeal that another
“possible rationale” why he had signed was because Mdm Soemiati’s name on the
original gold certificates was slightly different from the name in her
passport. This new argument is not even the appellant’s own testimony.
Furthermore, this argument also does not make sense. If this claim were true,
then the appellant would have known that Mdm Soemiati would need to go to UOB
to effect the change in name. However, it was also the appellant’s evidence
that he did not know that Mdm Soemiati did so (see Judgment at [53]).

15 Dr Tang also submitted at the hearing before us that, even if the validity
of the transfer of legal title cannot be challenged on appeal, the gift that
was made was “conditional” on Mdm Soemiati holding the gold bars on trust for
him. We reject this submission because, as Mr Yim points out, there is no
evidence that the appellant had qualified his gift or signing of the gold bar
certificates in any way. There is thus no basis to support an inference that
the appellant had made such a “conditional” gift.

16 Even though the name of the transferee was left blank on the Original Gold
Certificates, the appellant not only signed but also dated the transfer. This
supports the inference that he intended to transfer title there and then.
Coupled with the fact that the signature had been requested by Mdm Soemiati,
and that the appellant handed the signed certificates back to Mdm Soemiati
herself, we find no basis to disturb the Judge’s inference that the appellant
intended to gift the gold bars to his wife.

17 The appellant also submits that the Judge had erroneously found that there
was an agreement that the appellant would transfer the gold bars to Mdm
Soemiati in exchange for Mdm Soemiati signing a Power of Attorney (“POA”)
appointing their oldest son and third oldest child, Rudy Sulistio (also the
third defendant at the trial), to transact the sale of Indonesian land jointly
owned by the couple (“POA agreement”) (see Judgment at [34] to [40]). The
appellant submits that this point was not pleaded by the respondents. That may
be so but we agree with Mr Yim that the finding of the Judge on that aspect
was not a material aspect of her Judgment and did not affect the Judge’s
finding in relation to the appellant’s inability to provide a credible and
coherent explanation for why he signed the Original Gold Certificates (see
Judgment at [45] to [50] and [52]). For the same reason, Dr Tang’s attempt to
challenge the POA agreement as supported by the evidence also does not take
him far. We agree with the respondents that the evidence fully supports the
Judge’s finding that the appellant intended to gift legal and beneficial
ownership of the gold bars to Mdm Soemiati. There is no reason for us to
disturb this finding. In any event, the Judge’s finding was broader than the
POA agreement: the Judge found that there was an agreement between Mdm
Soemiati and the appellant for her to be given the gold bars in exchange for
the appellant to have sole access to the couple’s other properties (see, eg,
Judgment at [36] and [39]).

18 By way of observation, the appellant’s contention on beneficial ownership
with right of survivorship is curious. On his submission, the right of
survivorship would not have been relevant or necessary to the appellant’s
analysis, since the appellant’s beneficial interest would have remained with
him if the purported gift was invalid. However, the appellant also submits
that his alleged beneficial interest in the gold bars arises from the fact
that the right of survivorship continues to operate after the transfer in 2016
(see [11] above). While Dr Tang submits that, conceptually, there is no
difficulty with the right of survivorship operating on the beneficial interest
of Mdm Soemiati, the Court of Appeal has recently held that, in the case of a
joint tenancy over property, the right of survivorship operates only on the
legal interest and not the beneficial interest: see Koh Lian Chye at [24],
endorsing Estate of Yang Chun (Mrs) née Sun Hui Min, deceased v Yang Chia-Yin
[2019] 5 SLR 593 at [56]. Therefore, the beneficial interest in the gold bars
cannot be held on trust for the appellant by way of survivorship after the
transfer in 2016, since the appellant no longer retained legal title to the
gold bars. Furthermore, if the appellant’s intention in 2016 was truly to
retain the right of survivorship to the gold bars, there would have been even
less reason for him to give up his joint legal title to the gold bars.

19 For the foregoing reasons, we dismiss the appeal. Having considered the
parties’ respective costs schedules and their submissions, we award costs of
S$40,000 (all in) to the respondents. The usual consequential orders will
apply.

Belinda Ang Saw Ean  
Judge of the Appellate Division| See Kee Oon  
Judge of the High Court  
---|---  
Chua Lee Ming  
Judge of the High Court|  
  
Dr Tang Hang Wu (instructed) and Tan Yew Cheng (Tan YC Law Practice) for the
appellant;

Jimmy Yim Wing Kuen SC, Lee Soong Yan Kevin, Manoj Belani and Lim Joe Jee
(Drew & Napier LLC) for the respondents.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 26 Jul 2021 (09:22 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

