Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC 186

Criminal Case No 46 of 2018

Between

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
And

(1)| Mohamad Isham Bin Ibrahim  
---|---  
(2)| Thamotharan Nayar A/L Gopalan  
  
judgment

[Criminal Law] — [Statutory offences] – [Misuse of Drugs Act]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  
v

  

Mohamad Isham bin Ibrahim and another

[2021] SGHC 186

General Division of the High Court — Criminal Case No 46 of 2018  
Dedar Singh Gill J  
16–18, 24, 25 June, 11, 12, 14, 18 August 2020, 23 December 2020, 2 August
2021

2 August 2021 Judgment reserved.

Dedar Singh Gill J:

Introduction

1 The first accused, Mohamad Isham bin Ibrahim (“Isham”), is a 45-year-old
male Singaporean. The second accused, Thamotharan Nayar A/L Gopalan
(“Thamotharan”) is a Malaysian national. He was initially charged with an
offence of trafficking in a controlled drug under s 5(1) of the Misuse of
Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed) (“MDA”), but prior to the start of trial, he
was granted a discharge not amounting to an acquittal on 20 April 2020. He
left Singapore thereafter. The present judgment therefore does not concern any
alleged criminal offences committed by Thamotharan, although his role in the
relevant events will be discussed where appropriate.

2 On 26 October 2016, Isham was arrested by officers of the Central Narcotics
Bureau (“CNB”) after parking a black Fiat car (“Black Fiat car”) in the
carpark of Cairnhill Place (“Cairnhill Carpark”). A blue bag with the “M1”
brand on it (marked “A1”) was seized from the boot of the Black Fiat car and
allegedly found to contain, amongst other things, not less than 1,805.4g of
granular/powdery substance, which contained not less than 52.88g of
diamorphine. Isham was charged with having in his possession for the purpose
of trafficking without authorisation not less than 52.88g of diamorphine, an
offence under s 5(1)(a) read with s 5(2) of the MDA (the “Charge”). He claimed
trial to the Charge.

3 Before discussing the background facts and parties’ cases, I set out the
applicable statutory provisions for ease of reference. Sections 5(1)(a) and
5(2) of the MDA provide:

5.—(1) Except as authorised by this Act, it shall be an offence for a person,
on his own behalf or on behalf of any other person, whether or not that other
person is in Singapore —

(a) to traffic in a controlled drug;

(b) to offer to traffic in a controlled drug; or

(c) to do or offer to do any act preparatory to or for the purpose of
trafficking in a controlled drug.

(2) For the purposes of this Act, a person commits the offence of trafficking
in a controlled drug if he has in his possession that drug for the purpose of
trafficking.

[emphasis in bold added]

4 The term “traffic” is defined under s 2 of the MDA as follows:

“traffic” means —

(a) to sell, give, administer, transport, send, deliver or distribute; or

(b) to offer to do anything mentioned in paragraph (a),

otherwise than under the authority of this Act, and “trafficking” has a
corresponding meaning

[emphasis in bold added]

5 In Muhammad Ridzuan bin Md Ali v Public Prosecutor and other matters [2014]
3 SLR 721 at [59], the court summarised the three elements of an offence under
s 5(1)(a) read with s 5(2) of the MDA as follows:

(a) possession of a controlled drug;

(b) knowledge of the nature of the controlled drug; and

(c) the possession of the drug for the purpose of trafficking (which was not
authorised).

Background

Arrest of Isham

6 The key facts leading to Isham’s arrest are mostly undisputed. On 26 October
2016, at around 5.55pm, Isham boarded the Black Fiat car at a carpark near
Block 23 Toa Payoh East, Singapore, where Isham resided. He was the driver and
his girlfriend (“Aslinda”) was in the front passenger seat.

7 Isham drove to Scotts Road and parked the Black Fiat car at Deck 3A of the
carpark of Far East Plaza (“FEP Carpark”). He then left with his girlfriend to
go to Orchard Road. CNB officers arrived at the FEP Carpark a while later and
placed the Black Fiat car under observation.

8 At about 7.10pm, Aslinda returned to the Black Fiat car without Isham.
Around the same time, Isham went to the motorcycle bay located at Deck 1A of
the FEP Carpark (“FEP Motorcycle Bay”). At 7.12pm, Isham returned to the Black
Fiat car and opened the car boot. Isham subsequently drove the Black Fiat car
out of the FEP Carpark with Aslinda in the front passenger seat.

9 Isham drove to Cairnhill Carpark and parked the Black Fiat car at Deck P2.
At about 7.30pm, a party of CNB officers arrested Isham just outside the car
and Aslinda in the front passenger seat.

Exhibits seized from the Black Fiat car

10 A search was performed on the Black Fiat car and the blue bag A1 was
recovered from the car boot. The blue bag A1 contained a white plastic bag
(marked “A1A”), in which there was another white plastic bag (marked “A1A1”)
which in turn contained a red plastic bag (marked “A1A1A”) containing an
orange plastic bag (marked “A1A1A1”). The following were found inside the
orange plastic bag:

(a) One packet of granular/powdery substance (marked “A1A1A1A”).

(b) Three bundles (marked “A1A1A1B”, “A1A1A1C” and “A1A1A1D”), each of which
contained a layer of plastic wrapping followed by a layer of newspaper
wrapping, another layer of plastic wrapping and finally a plastic packet. Each
of the three plastic packets contained a granular/powdery substance and they
were marked “A1A1A1B1A1”, “A1A1A1C1A1” and “A1A1A1D1A1” respectively.

The exhibits marked “A1A1A1A”, “A1A1A1B1A1”, “A1A1A1C1A1” and “A1A1A1D1A1” are
collectively referred to as the “Drug Bundles”.

HSA analysis and the Charge

11 On 20 January 2017, Joey Ng, an analyst from the Health Sciences Authority
(“HSA”), issued four certificates stating the results of the analysis of four
exhibits marked “A1A1A1A”, “A1A1A1B1A1”, “A1A1A1C1A1” and “A1A1A1D1A1”. The
results are summarised as follows:

Exhibit Marking| Description stated in the HSA certificate| Gross weight|
Analysed weight of diamorphine  
---|---|---|---  
A1A1A1A| One packet containing granular/powdery substance| Not less than
450.9g| Not less than 13.45g  
A1A1A1B1A1| One packet containing granular/powdery substance| Not less than
450.9g| Not less than 13.17g  
A1A1A1C1A1| One packet containing granular/powdery substance| Not less than
452.1g| Not less than 13.35g  
A1A1A1D1A1| One packet containing granular/powdery substance| Not less than
451.5g| Not less than 12.91g  
TOTAL:| Not less than 1805.4g| Not less than 52.88g  
  
12 Relying on the above results, the Prosecution submits that the four Drug
Bundles seized from the Black Fiat car collectively contained not less than
1,805.4g of granular/powdery substance, which was analysed and found to
contain not less than 52.88g of diamorphine. This formed the subject matter of
the Charge against Isham, which states as follows:

That you, MOHAMAD ISHAM BIN IBRAHIM, on 26 October 2016, at or about 7.30 pm,
in a Black Fiat bearing registration number SGZ 9780C, which you had parked at
Deck P2 of Cairnhill Place, located at 22 Bideford Road, Singapore, did
traffic in a Class A controlled drug listed in the First Schedule to the
Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed) (“the MDA”), to wit, by having in
your possession for the purpose of trafficking four packets of
granular/powdery substance which were analysed and found to contain not less
than 52.88 grams of diamorphine, without authorisation under the MDA or the
Regulations made thereunder, and you have thereby committed an offence under
section 5(1)(a) of the MDA read with section 5(2) of the MDA, which is
punishable under s 33(1) of the MDA.

Isham’s police statements

13 The following 12 statements were recorded from Isham in the course of
investigations (collectively, the “Statements”):

(a) the first contemporaneous statement recorded on 26 October 2016 from
8.20pm to 9.40pm under s 22 of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev
Ed) (“CPC”) (“1st contemporaneous statement”);

(b) the second contemporaneous statement recorded on 26 October 2016 from
10.55pm to 11.10pm under s 22 of the CPC (“2nd contemporaneous statement”);

(c) the cautioned statement recorded on 27 October 2016 at 2.55pm under s 23
of the CPC (“Cautioned Statement”);

(d) the first long statement recorded on 29 October 2016 at 12.45pm under s 22
of the CPC (“1st long statement”);

(e) the second long statement recorded on 30 October 2016 at 9.17pm under s 22
of the CPC (“2nd long statement”);

(f) the third long statement recorded on 31 October 2016 at 5.51pm under s 22
of the CPC (“3rd long statement”);

(g) the fourth long statement recorded on 1 November 2016 at 10.50am under s
22 of the CPC (“4th long statement”);

(h) the fifth long statement recorded on 2 November 2016 at 10.37am under s 22
of the CPC (“5th long statement”);

(i) the sixth long statement recorded on 20 February 2017 at 11.10am under s
22 of the CPC (“6th long statement”);

(j) the seventh long statement recorded on 9 June 2017 at 9.21am under s 22 of
the CPC (“7th long statement”);

(k) the eighth long statement recorded on 30 January 2020 at 10.30am under s
22 of the CPC (“8th long statement”); and

(l) the ninth long statement recorded on 2 March 2020 at 1.55pm under s 22 of
the CPC (“9th long statement”).

14 The admissibility of the Statements was not challenged at trial. I briefly
summarise their contents.

15 In the 1st contemporaneous statement, Isham identified the Drug Bundles in
the boot of the Black Fiat car as “peh hoon” (which he understood to mean
“heroin”, the more commonly known term for diamorphine). Isham confirmed that
the Drug Bundles belonged to him and stated that they were for sale.

16 In the 2nd contemporaneous statement, Isham was shown various exhibits
seized from his flat at Block 23 Toa Payoh East, Singapore (“the Flat”). He
identified a packet of brown granular substance as “peh hoon” and stated that
it was for his own consumption.

17 In the Cautioned Statement, Isham was served with a charge for trafficking
in the four Drug Bundles which were believed to contain more than 15g of
diamorphine. Isham stated “I admit all the things belong to me. My girlfriend
has nothing to do with this. She does not know what I did. So I accept
whatever punishment. I would like to ask for leniency”.

18 In the 1st long statement, Isham said that he started working for a person
known as “Boy” sometime in October 2016. Boy would instruct his runner to drop
drugs at certain specified locations and Isham would pick up the drugs. Isham
would then deliver the drugs according to Boy’s instructions, and Isham would
be paid for each delivery. Prior to his arrest on 26 October 2016, Isham had
collected and delivered drugs for Boy on two occasions.

19 In the 2nd long statement, Isham provided details of the two earlier
occasions where he collected and delivered drugs for Boy. The first
transaction was on 17 October 2016 whilst the second transaction was on 20
October 2016.

20 In the 3rd long statement, Isham elaborated further on the second
transaction on 20 October 2016. In that transaction, he had collected three
“stones” of heroin which had been left in a paper bag at his doorstep. He
delivered two “stones” to a customer on Boy’s instructions without incident.
However, on his way to delivering the last “stone” of heroin, Isham saw CNB
officers around the drop-off location. He then left the area and disposed of
the last “stone” of heroin. He called Boy to inform him of what happened and
asked if he was being set up. Boy denied this, whereupon Isham said that he
would compensate Boy $3,500 for the “stone” of heroin he had thrown away.

21 In his 3rd long statement, Isham also gave details of the delivery he was
supposed to make on the day of his arrest on 26 October 2016. According to
Isham, he spoke with Boy over the phone in the afternoon of 26 October 2016
and agreed to deliver four “stones” of heroin for Boy on that particular
occasion. Isham was out with Aslinda at Far East Plaza at the time. It was
thus agreed that Boy would arrange for the drugs to be left underneath Isham’s
Black Fiat car, which was parked at the FEP Carpark. Isham would then pick the
drugs up from there.

22 At about 6.15pm, Boy informed Isham over the phone that the four “stones”
of heroin had been dropped off under Isham’s Black Fiat car. Boy also asked
that Isham pay the $3,500 which the latter owed and Isham agreed. At 6.40pm,
Boy called Isham to inform him that the “money collector” would reach the FEP
Motorcycle Bay at around 6.45pm. Isham told Aslinda to return to the Black
Fiat car first, whilst he headed to the FEP Motorcycle Bay. At the FEP
Motorcycle Bay, Isham met a male Indian and passed him a red packet containing
the money. The male Indian was later identified to be Thamotharan (see [1]
above).

23 Isham then returned to the Black Fiat car, where he saw a white plastic bag
and a yellow plastic bag underneath the car. He checked that the four Drug
Bundles were in the white plastic bag, and found another similar bundle in the
yellow plastic bag. He partially unwrapped the Drug Bundles to confirm that
they contained heroin, and then placed them in the blue bag A1. Isham then
called Boy to demand an explanation as to why there were more drugs than they
had agreed upon. Boy explained that he simply needed Isham’s help to pass the
yellow plastic bag to another of Boy’s workers, who would arrive shortly in a
car. Whilst on the line with Boy, Isham placed the blue bag A1 containing the
Drug Bundles in the boot of the Black Fiat car. A blue Honda then drove by
Isham and Isham passed the yellow plastic bag to the person sitting in the
front passenger seat. Isham ended the call with Boy and drove off with Aslinda
in the Black Fiat car to Cairnhill Carpark, where they were arrested.

24 In the 4th long statement, Isham expounded on the second delivery he
carried out for Boy. As for the drugs he collected on the day of his arrest,
he explained that he touched the bundle in the yellow plastic bag left
underneath the Black Fiat car.

25 In the 5th long statement, Isham explained that he got to know Boy around
2000 when he was working in Malaysia as a bartender. With respect to the
transaction on 26 October 2016, Isham clarified that the white and yellow
plastic bags he picked up from underneath the Black Fiat car were placed
behind the parking lot kerb and that they could only be seen if he walked to
the back of the car. He further stated that the four Drug Bundles were not
meant for him to sell, but only to deliver.

26 In the 6th long statement, Isham clarified certain details about what
happened on 26 October 2016 and stated that Aslinda did not know anything
about his drug activities.

27 In the 7th long statement, Isham was shown screen-captures from CCTV
footage of the FEP Carpark on 26 October 2016. He was asked what was in a
white plastic bag he was seen carrying after meeting the male Indian (ie,
Thamotharan) at the FEP Motorcycle Bay. Isham insisted that Thamotharan did
not pass him anything at the FEP Motorcycle Bay and that he had simply picked
up the white plastic bag containing clothes on the way back to the Black Fiat
car because he needed to give Aslinda an excuse for taking so long to return.
Isham further confirmed that he had picked up the Drug Bundles from underneath
his car.

28 In the 8th long statement, Isham implicated Thamotharan for the first time.
He stated that it was in fact Thamotharan who had passed him the Drug Bundles
at their brief meeting at the FEP Motorcycle Bay on 26 October 2016. Isham
explained that he was only incriminating Thamotharan at that juncture because
he was previously afraid of what Boy could do to him if he betrayed Boy.
However, since Boy did not want to protect him (by allegedly paying for
Thamotharan’s legal fees but not his), Isham felt that he no longer had any
reason to protect Boy.

29 In the 9th long statement, Isham said that he would like an offer to reduce
his charge to one of trafficking in 14.99g of diamorphine or for a certificate
of substantive assistance to be issued to him as a “courier”.

30 It is also relevant to note that a few hours after Isham’s arrest on 26
October 2016, Thamotharan was arrested at Tuas checkpoint around 10.30pm.
Three persons were also arrested in a blue Honda car (see [23] above) with
various exhibits seized from the vehicle.

Parties’ cases

31 The Prosecution’s case relies on the testimonies of the various CNB
officers involved and on Isham’s admissions to the elements of the Charge in
his Statements and at trial. The Prosecution submits that every element has
been proven beyond a reasonable doubt – namely, that Isham was in possession
of the Drug Bundles, that he knew of the nature of the drugs contained therein
and that he had them in his possession for the purpose of trafficking.

32 According to the Prosecution, it has also discharged its burden of proving
beyond a reasonable doubt that the drugs seized from the Black Fiat car were
those analysed by the HSA to contain not less than 52.88g of diamorphine. It
submits that it has established an unbroken chain of custody of the Drug
Bundles from the time that they were seized to the time that they were
analysed by the HSA.

33 As for Isham, he admits that he was in possession of the Drug Bundles, that
he knew they contained diamorphine and that he was in possession of the Drug
Bundles for the purpose of delivering them to customers (ie, “trafficking” as
defined in s 2 of the MDA). His sole defence is that there is a reasonable
doubt as to the integrity of the chain of custody of the Drug Bundles seized
from the Black Fiat car and therefore as to the identity of the drugs analysed
by the HSA. Alternatively, if the court finds that there is no such doubt,
Isham contends that he was nothing more than a courier.

Issues

34 In light of the parties’ cases, the issues that arise for my consideration
are as follows:

(a) Whether there is a reasonable doubt that the drug exhibits analysed by the
HSA to contain not less than 52.88g of diamorphine were the same Drug Bundles
seized from the Black Fiat car.

(b) If the answer to the preceding issue is “no”, whether the elements of the
Charge are made out.

35 If the elements of the Charge are made out, Isham is to be convicted and
the next issue that would arise is sentencing. Where a person is convicted
under s 5(1)(a) read with s 5(2) of the MDA for trafficking in more than 15g
of diamorphine, the punishment prescribed under s 33 read with the Second
Schedule of the MDA is death. This is subject to s 33B of the MDA, which
provides an alternative sentencing regime if the conditions therein are
fulfilled.

36 As mentioned earlier, Isham submits that in the event he is convicted of
the Charge, he qualifies for the alternative sentencing regime in s 33B of the
MDA because he was nothing more than a courier. On the other hand, the
Prosecution takes the position that whether or not Isham was a courier is not
to be decided at the present stage of the proceedings, which only concerns
conviction. The aforementioned issue should thus only be decided at the
subsequent sentencing stage. I am inclined to adopt the approach suggested by
the Prosecution given that the issues of conviction and sentencing are
distinct. I will therefore confine the present judgment to whether or not
Isham ought to be convicted of the Charge.

Whether there is a reasonable doubt as to the integrity of the chain of
custody of the Drug Bundles

The chain of custody according to the Prosecution

37 As held by the Court of Appeal in Mohamed Affandi bin Rosli v Public
Prosecutor and another appeal [2019] 1 SLR 440 (“Affandi”) (at [39]–[41]), it
is the Prosecution which bears the burden of establishing an unbroken chain of
custody and accounting for the movement of the drug exhibits at every point
from seizure to analysis. Once this is done, it is for the Defence to suggest
a break in the chain of custody at one or more stages. This is not to say,
however, that speculative arguments about the possibility of contamination
will be entertained.

38 For ease of reference, I set out a list of the key CNB officers involved in
Isham’s arrest (“arresting CNB officers”), as follows:

(a) Inspector David Ng (“Insp David”);

(b) Sergeant Dadly bin Osman (“Sgt Dadly”);

(c) Senior Staff Sergeant Tay Keng Chye (“SSSgt Sunny Tay”);

(d) Staff Sergeant Muhammad Helmi bin Abdul Jalal (“SSgt Helmi”);

(e) Sergeant Yogaraj s/o Ragunathan Pillay (“Sgt Yogaraj”); and

(f) Woman Staff Sergeant Nurshila binte Abdullah (“SSgt Nurshila”).

39 The following CNB officers were also involved in handling the exhibits
seized during the operation:

(a) Assistant Superintendent Peh Zhen Hao (“ASP Peh”); and

(b) Inspector Bong Xiu Feng (“IO Bong”).

40 According to the Prosecution, there was no break in the chain of custody of
the Drug Bundles. The Drug Bundles seized from the Black Fiat car at the time
of Isham’s arrest were the same as those analysed by HSA to contain not less
than 52.88g of diamorphine. The chain of custody, as set out in detail by the
Prosecution, is as follows.

(a) Shortly after Isham was arrested on 26 October 2016, Insp David and Sgt
Dadly commenced a physical search of the Black Fiat car at about 7.35pm. This
was done in Isham’s presence. During the search, Sgt Yogaraj escorted Isham
and ensured that he was observing the search, such that each item that was
recovered was shown to Isham before it was seized and recorded. The exhibits
(“Car Exhibits”) seized from the Black Fiat car included the Drug Bundles in
the blue bag A1. Each exhibit was first placed by Sgt Dadly on a piece of
brown paper laid on the ground, and then sealed by SSSgt Sunny Tay in a
tamper-proof bag.

(b) Each tamper-proof bag was labelled according to the convention practised
by the CNB Special Task Force. Sgt Dadly informed SSgt Helmi of the labels of
each exhibit, and the latter recorded them in the field diary (“Field Diary”).
Thereafter, SSSgt Sunny Tay placed the Car Exhibits together in a duffel bag
(“Duffel Bag”).

(c) The search of the Black Fiat car was completed at about 8.05pm. At about
8.07pm, SSSgt Sunny Tay handed the Duffel Bag containing the Car Exhibits to
Sgt Dadly so that the latter could record the 1st contemporaneous statement
from Isham.

(d) After recording the 1st contemporaneous statement, Sgt Dadly passed the
Duffel Bag containing the Car Exhibits to Sgt Yogaraj at about 9.40pm. Upon
receiving the Duffle Bag, Sgt Yogaraj checked against the Field Diary to
ensure that the Drug Bundles were in the Duffel Bag. He confirmed that the
exhibits had been labelled and that the labels had been recorded in the Field
Diary.

(e) The arresting CNB officers then escorted Isham and Aslinda to Isham’s Flat
at Block 23 Toa Payoh East. On the way to the Flat, the Duffel Bag containing
the Car Exhibits remained in the custody of Sgt Yogaraj.

(f) Once at the Flat, the arresting CNB officers began searching the place.
Sgt Yogaraj participated in the search, during which the Duffel Bag containing
the Car Exhibits remained in his custody. Sgt Yograj recovered various
exhibits from the Flat (“Flat Exhibits”), which he sealed in tamper-proof
bags. The Flat Exhibits were then placed in the same Duffel Bag as the Car
Exhibits. The search of the Flat ended at about 10.50pm.

(g) At about 10.54pm, Sgt Yogaraj handed the Duffel Bag containing the Car
Exhibits and the Flat Exhibits (“Seized Exhibits”) to Sgt Dadly so that the
latter could record the 2nd contemporaneous statement from Isham in the Flat.

(h) After the recording of the 2nd contemporaneous statement was completed
between 10.55pm and 11.10pm, Sgt Dadly returned the Duffel Bag containing the
Seized Exhibits to Sgt Yogaraj.

(i) From 26 October 2016 at about 11.10pm to 27 October 2016 at about 4.40am,
Sgt Yogaraj had custody of the Duffel Bag containing the Car Exhibits and the
Flat Exhibits. He confirmed at trial that he did not leave the Duffel Bag
anywhere or pass it to anyone else.

(j) On 27 October 2016, at about 4.40am, the processing of the Seized Exhibits
commenced in the Exhibit Management Room (“EMR”) of the CNB Headquarters “(CNB
HQ”). In the EMR, Sgt Yogaraj opened the Duffel Bag containing the Car
Exhibits, the Flat Exhibits and Isham’s personal properties and handed them to
ASP Peh. The handover was witnessed by IO Bong. ASP Peh ensured that all the
exhibits were in order by verifying them against the Field Diary and the draft
police report. ASP Peh then handed the said exhibits over to IO Bong.

(k) IO Bong laid out all the exhibits and marked them according to her own
system (which was used for the purpose of prosecution and which was different
from that used by the arresting CNB officers at the scene of Isham’s arrest).
She also had the exhibits photographed and weighed the Drug Bundles. Once she
was done, IO Bong kept all the exhibits in a locked cupboard in her locked
office, both of which could only be accessed by her. IO Bong confirmed at
trial that there was no possibility of a mix-up. Subsequently, she took out
the exhibits to prepare the charge against Isham and to adhere the exhibit
labels onto the tamper-proof bags and duly returned the exhibits to the same
locked cupboard thereafter.

(l) On 28 October 2016, between 2.50pm and 2.51pm, IO Bong submitted the Drug
Bundles to the HSA for analysis.

(m) During the approximately one-month period that the Drug Bundles were kept
at the HSA, they were stored in a secured room which only authorised officers
had access to. In the secured room, the Drug Bundles were kept in a locked
cupboard which only the HSA analyst, Joey Ng, had access to. Joey Ng
subsequently analysed the Drug Bundles, and issued certificates stating the
results of her analysis (see the summary at [11] above).

41 The crucial question to be answered is whether there is any reasonable
doubt that the drugs analysed by the HSA were the Drug Bundles that were
seized from the Black Fiat car.

42 For the reasons set out in the analysis below, I am of the view that the
answer is “no”. The chain of custody as set out by the Prosecution at [40]
above is supported by and consistent with (a) the testimonies of the various
CNB officers involved in the operation, which was credible and in line with
their conditioned statements; and (b) other evidence such as Isham’s admission
in his 3rd long statement (see [81]–[82] below). Isham has, however, made
numerous arguments impugning the integrity of the chain of custody. I will
discuss these arguments in the course of reviewing the Prosecution’s evidence
in support of the chain of custody. In particular, I will structure my
analysis by addressing the following areas in turn:

(a) Specific evidential issues as to the reliability of the Field Diary and
the conditioned statements of the arresting CNB officers, which the
Prosecution relies on.

(b) Specific allegations made by Isham in respect of each stage of the chain
of custody set out by the Prosecution.

(c) The alleged discrepancies in the gross weights of the drugs measured by
the CNB’s IO Bong and those measured by the HSA analyst Joey Ng.

(d) Remaining evidential issues.

Specific evidential issues as to the Field Diary and conditioned statements of
the arresting CNB officers

43 I begin with the specific evidential issues which Isham has raised in
respect of the Prosecution’s reliance on (a) the Field Diary used during the
operation; and (b) the conditioned statements of the arresting CNB officers.

Field Diary

44 At trial, the Deputy Public Prosecutor (“DPP”) informed me that the
original Field Diary used in the operation to arrest Isham could not be
located and therefore only a copy of the same could be adduced in evidence.
The Prosecution’s position is that the entries reflected in the copy of the
Field Diary adduced (“Field Diary copy”) support the chain of custody at [40]
above. Isham contends, however, that the contents of the Field Diary copy are
unreliable because there are “entries which are unverifiable, missing
and…contains errors”. He alleges, inter alia, as follows:

(a) SSgt Helmi admitted on the stand that there was information missing from
the Field Diary, including who had custody of the Drugs Bundles at all
material times and which CNB officers went to which location. SSgt Helmi also
could not identify who gave him the Field Diary or why there were entries
already written in the diary before he started recording.

(b) The original Field Diary could not even be located by the CNB. What was
produced in court was merely a copy.

(c) The Field Diary was therefore not a contemporaneous record of events.
Further, some of the information recorded was hearsay and therefore
unreliable. SSgt Helmi confirmed that some of the information recorded was
based on his own personal knowledge, but other information had been told to
him by other officers.

45 My main difficulty in respect of the Prosecution’s reliance on the Field
Diary copy is one of admissibility, and not merely reliability or weight (as
Isham’s arguments go toward). Section 66 of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev
Ed) (“EA”) stipulates that all documents must be proved by “primary evidence”,
meaning that the document itself must be produced for the inspection of the
court. This is subject to exceptions set out in s 67 of the EA. In particular,
s 67(1)(c) of the EA permits secondary evidence to be given of the “existence,
condition or contents of a document admissible in evidence” where “the
original has been destroyed or lost, or when the party offering evidence of
its contents cannot for any other reason not arising from his own default or
neglect produce it in reasonable time”. The Prosecution insists that the Field
Diary copy is admissible as secondary evidence pursuant to s 67(1)(c) of the
EA because “the original [Field Diary] cannot be located” and SSgt Helmi has
“authenticated the entries in the [F]ield [D]iary [copy] which were recorded
in his own handwriting”. The problem for the Prosecution, however, is that
there is no admissible evidence establishing that the original Field Diary
genuinely cannot be located such that the exception in s 67(1)(c) of the EA
can be invoked.

46 I note that when the Field Diary copy was first produced by the Prosecution
during the trial itself, the DPP omitted to inform me of the fact that the
version provided was merely a copy of the diary and not the original. This
fact was only disclosed to me later, a state of affairs which I found to be
highly unsatisfactory as I mentioned to parties at the time. When I asked
where the original Field Diary was, the DPP replied that “we are not able to
trace the original book” and that “[t]he IO has not been able to locate it”.
Crucially, however, no witness was called to give evidence to that effect and
the “IO” in question was never even identified. Even at present, I have many
questions as to how and when the original Field Diary was lost, and when and
why the Field Diary copy was made. I am unable to simply accept the DPP’s
reply that the original Field Diary cannot be located given that it
constitutes evidence from the bar, which is inadmissible. Without any witness
testimony to support the Prosecution’s submission, there is simply no basis
for the Prosecution to invoke the exception in s 67(1)(c) of the EA. The Field
Diary copy is hence inadmissible in evidence, and I accordingly disregard the
witnesses’ testimonies in respect of the specific entries reflected in the
Field Diary copy.

Conditioned statements of the arresting CNB officers

47 Next, there is also a general dispute as to the reliability of the
conditioned statements (dated May 2018) given by the arresting CNB officers
(ie, Insp David, SSgt Nurshila, SSSgt Sunny Tay, Sgt Dadly, Sgt Yogaraj and
SSgt Helmi).

48 According to the Prosecution, the arresting CNB officers prepared what is
described as their own “self-statements” soon after Isham’s arrest. A “self-
statement” was essentially a witness statement prepared personally by each CNB
officer, setting out the CNB officer’s version of what happened during the
operation and what actions they personally took. The self-statements were
supposedly prepared within a few days to a week (or as soon as possible) after
the operation while the CNB officer’s memory was still fresh. The conditioned
statements of the relevant CNB officers were then drafted based on these self-
statements. At trial, the arresting CNB officers mostly testified that the
draft of their conditioned statements had actually been prepared by another
investigation officer (“IO”) working off their individual self-statements. The
arresting CNB officers generally could not recall the name of the IO who had
prepared their draft conditioned statements. In any event, this was said to be
immaterial because none of the arresting CNB officers testified that he/she
had signed his/her conditioned statement without reading it or agreeing with
its contents. The Prosecution thus submits that “full weight” ought to be
given to the arresting officers’ conditioned statements in May 2018, such
statements having been prepared based on their self-statements which were made
while their memories of the operation in October 2016 were still fresh.

49 On the other hand, Isham contends that the alleged self-statements simply
do not exist. This is on the basis that (a) the self-statements were not
adduced at trial; and (b) save for SSgt Helmi, the arresting CNB officers
“refused” to state who they had submitted their self-statements to. As to the
conditioned statements of the arresting CNB officers themselves, Isham argues
that they were “not independently written” but had instead been “tailored to
fit the evidence by [the] mysterious IO [involved in preparing them]”. In
particular, it is noted that the conditioned statements had used “the same
words, date and time” when describing various events during the operation to
arrest Isham. It is hence alleged that the CNB officers appeared motivated to
present “a united front in their presentation of their testimonies in Court
[so as to cover] each other for not complying with protocols” and that the CNB
officers were “willing to go to any extent including distorting the truth to
ensure that Isham [would] be hanged”. Presumably, Isham therefore wants the
conditioned statements in question to either be excluded altogether or given
little to no weight.

50 To my mind, Isham’s allegations that the conditioned statements of the
arresting CNB officers had been distorted and falsely tailored to fit a
particular narrative were extremely serious in nature. Yet, as the Prosecution
points out, Isham’s counsel did not specifically put these allegations to the
relevant CNB officers at trial.

51 I accept that on their face, many parts of the arresting CNB officers’
conditioned statements used identical or near-identical language and wording.
Indeed, where two or more CNB officers were involved in a particular event
during the operation (ie, the physical search of the Black Fiat car), the
wording of the accounts given in their individual conditioned statements was
often uncannily similar.

52 In Ernest Ferdinand Perez De La Sala v Compañia De Navegación Palomar, SA
and others and other appeals [2018] 1 SLR 894, the Court of Appeal held (at
[136]) that in witness preparation, the line that must not be crossed is that
the witness’s evidence must remain his own. In my view, this standard is fully
applicable in the present case. In certain circumstances, similarities in the
conditioned statements of witnesses may well give rise to the inference that
their evidence has been supplanted or supplemented by someone else. For
example, a witness’s testimony at trial may be materially at odds with the
version stated in his/her conditioned statement or a witness might wholly fail
to explain how he/she came to know certain things mentioned in his/her
conditioned statement. Such matters may support the inference that the
witness’s evidence in his/her conditioned statement is in fact given by
someone else or that certain witnesses have colluded to falsely align their
conditioned statements with each other.

53 In the present case, however, I do not find that the line has been crossed
merely based on the similarities in language between the conditioned
statements of the arresting CNB officers. The fact that the draft of the
conditioned statements had initially been prepared by a third party no doubt
creates a risk of contamination, even if that third party was working off a
previous “self-statement” given by the witness himself. Nevertheless, each
arresting CNB officer ultimately signed off on his/her own conditioned
statement in his/her own name. This was accompanied by a declaration that the
contents of the statement were “true to the best of [the witness’s] knowledge
and belief” and a penalty notice that “if [the statement] is tendered in
evidence, [the witness] may be liable to prosecution if [he/she has] stated in
it anything which [he/she] know[s] to be false or do[es] not believe to be
true”. Where they had been asked on the stand, the arresting CNB officers
testified that they had confirmed that the contents of their respective
conditioned statements were correct before signing them. The testimonies of
the arresting CNB officers as to the events of the operation were credible and
cogent, and in line with their own conditioned statements. Isham has not
pointed me to any significant inconsistencies between the testimonies of the
arresting CNB officers and their respective conditioned statements, which
might persuade me that their conditioned statements did not in fact reflect
their own evidence.

54 That being said, I do not give much credit to the Prosecution’s suggestion
that “full[er] weight” should be given to the arresting CNB officers’
conditioned statements because they had been drafted based on their self-
statements which had been prepared when their memories of the operation were
still fresh. The self-statements were not admitted in evidence before me. In
the circumstances, there is simply no way of verifying if anything in the
conditioned statements actually accords with the contents of the self-
statements.

55 To wrap up the point, I am therefore not inclined to simply dismiss out of
hand the accounts of the arresting CNB officers set out in their conditioned
statements, as Isham urges me to do. They are relevant to my overall
assessment of the evidence, at least in setting the context against which
their respective testimonies in court were tested. Indeed, my primary focus in
assessing the evidence is on the cogency of the oral testimonies of the CNB
officers on the stand. It suffices to say that as discussed in my analysis
below, the accounts of the CNB officers set out in their conditioned
statements were tested on the stand and did withstand scrutiny in court.

Specific allegations at each stage of the chain of custody

56 Having dealt with the Field Diary and conditioned statements of the
arresting CNB officers above, I now review each step of the chain of custody
of the Drug Bundles set out by the Prosecution as well as Isham’s allegations
at each step of the way. In submissions, Isham contends that no CNB officer
could conclusively say where the Drug Bundles seized from the Black Fiat car
were from the time of seizure to the time they were supposedly handed to ASP
Peh at the EMR. As will be seen below, however, Isham in fact disputes the
chain of custody from the point of seizure all the way until the Drug Bundles
were supposedly submitted by IO Bong to the HSA for analysis. As already
stated, I generally find these disputes to be insufficient to raise a
reasonable doubt as to the integrity of the chain of custody.

Search of the Black Fiat car at Cairnhill Carpark

57 In my judgment, the chain of custody of the Drug Bundles at the scene of
Isham’s arrest in Cairnhill Carpark, as set out at [40(a)]–[40(d)] above, has
been satisfactorily proven without the Field Diary copy being admitted in
evidence. The chain of custody is amply supported by the cogent and consistent
testimonies of Insp David, Sgt Dadly, SSSgt Sunny Tay, Sgt Yogaraj and SSgt
Helmi, which were in line with their respective conditioned statements. As
mentioned, the entries in the Field Diary copy are inadmissible to show the
movement of the Drug Bundles at the scene of Isham’s arrest and the specific
labels which were given to each exhibit seized. Leaving aside the Field Diary
copy, however, I accept the testimonies of the arresting CNB officers that
they did in fact (a) pass the Drug Bundles in the manner claimed; (b) label
the Car Exhibits according to their own CNB Special Task Force convention and
seal them in tamper-proof bags; and (c) record those labels in the Field Diary
so that the exhibits could later be identified. For completeness, the
testimonies of the arresting CNB officers (mainly Sgt Dadly and SSSgt Sunny
Tay) in respect of the latter two matters were given without any reference to
the contents of the Field Diary. The said matters are particularly significant
as they substantially reduce the risk that the Drug Bundles might somehow have
been mixed up or tampered with before they were processed in the EMR of the
CNB HQ.

58 Isham asserts, however, that contrary to the Prosecution’s position, the
arresting CNB officers did not mark the Drug Bundles seized from the Black
Fiat car at the Cairnhill Carpark immediately. He says that the Drug Bundles
were only marked when they were received by ASP Peh and IO Bong in the EMR at
the CNB HQ. Curiously, however, Isham cites in support the parts of SSgt
Helmi’s testimony where SSgt Helmi was cross-examined on certain entries in
the Field Diary copy which he recorded and confirmed that the arresting CNB
officers did label the Drug Bundles at the scene of Isham’s arrest, albeit in
accordance with their own system of labelling which was different from that
eventually used by IO Bong for the purpose of prosecution. I therefore cannot
accept Isham’s assertion, seeing as SSgt Helmi’s testimony is that the Drug
Bundles had indeed been labelled at the scene of Isham’s arrest.

59 At this juncture, it is also appropriate to discuss the various criticisms
that Isham makes in respect of the testimonies of Insp David, SSgt Nurshila
and SSSgt Sunny Tay. Isham’s criticisms may be summarised as follows:

(a) Insp David was unable to recall which CNB officer had custody of the Drug
Bundles from the time of Isham’s arrest to the time that they were supposedly
handed to IO Bong in the EMR. Neither was Insp David able to confirm what
exhibits were inside the Duffel Bag.

(b) SSgt Nurshila was similarly unable to recall which CNB officer had custody
of the Drug Bundles from the time of Isham’s arrest to the time that they were
supposedly handed to IO Bong in the EMR.

(c) SSSgt Sunny Tay testified that he had passed the Duffel Bag containing the
Drug Bundles to Sgt Dadly so that the latter could record Isham’s 1st
contemporaneous statement. SSSgt Sunny Tay was, however, unable to recall
which CNB officers subsequently had custody of the Drug Bundles, although he
was certain that it was not him.

60 I agree with the Prosecution that the abovementioned criticisms lack merit.
Consistent with the chain of custody set out by the Prosecution, Insp David’s
evidence was that he was only involved in the physical search of the Black
Fiat car. Thereafter, he did not handle the Drug Bundles at all. As for SSgt
Nurshila, she was never involved in handling the Drug Bundles during the
operation as her duty was only to escort Aslinda. In the circumstances, the
inability of these two officers to recall who had custody of the Drug Bundles
throughout the operation hardly detracts from the evidence of the other CNB
officers who did have such custody at the relevant times (ie, Sgt Dadly, SSSgt
Sunny Tay, Sgt Yogaraj, ASP Peh and IO Bong) and who had testified that they
did.

61 In a similar vein, SSSgt Sunny Tay testified that at the Cairnhill Carpark,
he passed the Duffel Bag (containing the Drug Bundles) to Sgt Dadly for the
latter to record Isham’s 1st contemporaneous statement. Thereafter, SSSgt
Sunny Tay’s evidence indicated that he did not come into possession of the
Duffel Bag again. I do not think much can be made of this given that the other
CNB officers (ie, Sgt Dadly, Sgt Yogaraj, ASP Peh and IO Bong) all confirmed
that after SSSgt Sunny Tay passed the Duffel Bag to Sgt Dadly, they did have
custody of the Drug Bundles in the manner set out in the chain of custody at
[40(d)]–[40(l)] above.

62 Next, Isham also contends that Sgt Yogaraj’s testimony cannot be believed
in its entirety for multiple reasons, including the following:

(a) Sgt Yogaraj testified that there was no police briefing with regards to
any individual (besides Isham) who was targeted in the operation on 26 October
2016. In fact, there was a briefing where the CNB officers were told that they
were monitoring both Isham and Thamotharan.

(b) Sgt Yogaraj testified that while he was surreptitiously observing
Thamotharan at the FEP Motorcycle Bay, he did not see Thamotharan giving the
Drug Bundles to Isham. This is an “affront to…logic” given that Sgt Yogaraj
was extremely near to the two of them at the time.

(c) Sgt Yogaraj testified that he did not witness the Drug Bundles being
packed and labelled after they were seized from the Black Fiat car. But this
is unbelievable given that Isham had testified that Sgt Yogaraj was standing
next to him and had observed the packing of the Seized Exhibits.

(d) Further, Isham testified that while Sgt Dadly was recording his 1st
contemporaneous statement in the CNB operational police car, Sgt Yogaraj
entered the car, showed him a photograph of Thamotharan in handcuffs and
threatened to punch Isham because Isham said that he did not know Thamotharan.

63 I do not propose to discuss each of the above allegations against Sgt
Yogaraj at length. It suffices to say that nothing significant turns on any of
them, which I briefly address in turn as follows:

(a) Isham failed to point to any evidence showing that the arresting CNB
officers had been briefed about Thamotharan prior to the operation to arrest
Isham.

(b) Sgt Yogaraj explained at trial that he did not witness Isham’s exchange
with Thamotharan at the FEP Motorcycle Bay because Isham had seen him and Sgt
Yogaraj therefore looked away to avoid blowing his cover at the scene.

(c) As the Prosecution highlights, Sgt Yogaraj clarified on the stand that
when the Drug Bundles were being examined by Sgt Dadly and packed and labelled
by SSSgt Sunny Tay at the Cairnhill Carpark, he was focussed on guarding Isham
and making sure that Isham was observing the search and seizure. Admittedly,
Sgt Yogaraj’s testimony that he therefore did not observe the packing and
labelling of the Drug Bundles is somewhat strange since he was standing right
next to Isham and the search and seizure would still have been within his
general field of vision. Nevertheless, it is probably the case that Sgt
Yogaraj simply did not pay close attention to what was happening because his
focus was on Isham. I can accept Sgt Yogaraj’s testimony that he “did not take
notice of the search” and took only a “glimpse, because [he] was making…sure
that Isham [was] observing the search”. Ultimately, this aspect of Sgt
Yogaraj’s testimony is insufficient to show that he was an unreliable witness.

(d) It is completely unclear what point Isham is trying to make on account of
his allegations at [62(d)] above, especially given that he did not challenge
the admissibility of the 1st contemporaneous statement. Sgt Yogaraj denied
being in the police car during the recording of the said statement and
Inspector Vinod s/o Pannerchilvam (“IO Vinod”) confirmed that prior to Isham’s
arrest, Thamotharan had never been arrested by the CNB. Thamotharan was only
arrested at about 10.30pm on 26 October 2016, about an hour after the
recording of the 1st contemporaneous statement concluded at 9.40pm. It was
therefore impossible for Sgt Yogaraj to have shown Isham a photograph of
Thamotharan in handcuffs during the recording of the statement.

64 I therefore find that the chain of custody as set out at [40(a)]–[40(d)]
above has been adequately established.

The journey to and the search of Isham’s Flat

65 Sgt Yogaraj and Sgt Dadly both gave clear and consistent testimony of the
movement of the Drug Bundles during the journey to Isham’s Flat and the search
of the premises, as set out at [40(e)]–[40(h)] above. Their testimony was
congruent with the accounts set out in their conditioned statements.

66 At the trial, however, Isham testified that when the CNB officers escorted
him from the Cairnhill Carpark to the Flat, he did not see the Duffel Bag
containing the Car Exhibits being brought along. He also said that on the way
up to the Flat, he saw that none of the CNB officers was carrying the Duffel
Bag. In submissions, Isham further claimed that the Duffel Bag had in fact
been left unattended in one of the CNB police cars during the search of his
Flat. He contended as follows:

(a) Sgt Yogaraj was lying when he said he had brought the Duffel Bag up to the
Flat during the search of the same.

(b) According to SSgt Nurshila’s testimony, CNB protocol required that the CNB
officer who was escorting Isham was to have custody of his personal
properties. This meant that during the search of Isham’s Flat, Sgt Dadly was
the CNB officer who was supposed to hold onto the Duffel Bag (containing the
Drug Bundles) because he was Isham’s escorting officer at the time. In breach
of this protocol, Sgt Dadly did not have custody of the Duffel Bag.

(c) Sgt Dadly stated in his conditioned statement that Sgt Yogaraj had handed
over the Seized Exhibits to him at the Flat so that he could record Isham’s
2nd contemporaneous statement. After that, Sgt Dadly said that he returned the
Seized Exhibits (ie, the Car Exhibits and the Flat Exhibits) to Sgt Yogaraj
and did not know who had custody of them thereafter. Sgt Dadly was in fact
lying in an attempt to bolster Sgt Yogaraj’s testimony that Sgt Yogaraj had
brought the Duffel Bag up to Isham’s Flat.

67 I am unable to accept Isham’s arguments above. Sgt Yogaraj testified that
he brought the Duffel Bag (containing the Drug Bundles) up to Isham’s Flat.
This was corroborated by Sgt Dadly, who said that Sgt Yogaraj handed the said
Duffel Bag (containing both the Car Exhibits and the Flat Exhibits) to him in
the Flat so that Sgt Dadly could record the 2nd contemporaneous statement from
Isham. I find no reason to believe that either of them was lying,
notwithstanding Isham’s claim that the Duffel Bag was not brought to the Flat
at any time. Furthermore, Isham’s arguments are also based on a
mischaracterisation of SSgt Nurshila’s testimony. The relevant portions of her
testimony (which are referred to in the Defence’s closing submissions
themselves) state as follows:

Q But who will have custody of the bag?

A I don’t know

Q Do you write it ---

A Because my main priority is the female.

Q Correct.

A So you should ask the escorting party that is escorting Isham.

68 As the Prosecution correctly points out, SSgt Nurshila’s evidence was
simply that her focus during the operation was on escorting Aslinda and that
any questions about the custody of the Drug Bundles should be directed towards
the CNB officers escorting Isham rather than her. Whilst SSgt Nurshila did
testify that “[i]f we escort the accused person, we have to carry the personal
properties also”, there is nothing to the effect that the CNB officer
escorting Isham was required by protocol to also be the one carrying Isham’s
personal properties (or the Drug Bundles). In any case, even if there was such
a protocol, I do not think that this would in itself impugn the integrity of
the chain of custody insofar as it would still be clear on the Prosecution’s
evidence who had the Drug Bundles during the search of Isham’s Flat (see
[40(e)]–[40(h)] above). The breach of the alleged protocol does not per se
mean that the Drug Bundles were unaccounted for. Isham’s challenge to this
step of the chain of custody therefore does not succeed.

Search of Aslinda’s Woodlands flat and the trip to Woodlands checkpoint

69 Based on the chain of custody set out by the Prosecution at [40(i)] above,
after Isham’s 2nd contemporaneous statement was taken at Isham’s Flat, the
Duffel Bag (containing the Drug Bundles) remained in the custody of Sgt
Yogaraj between 11.10pm on 26 October 2016 and 4.40am on 27 October 2016.

70 During this period of time, however, the arresting CNB officers (including
Sgt Yogaraj) had actually gone to two different locations with Isham and
Aslinda. The sequence of events appears to be as follows:

(a) On 26 October 2016 at 11.15pm, the arresting CNB officers left Isham’s
Flat after their search of the premises was completed.

(b) The arresting CNB officers then proceeded to Aslinda’s flat in Woodlands
to search the place. However, nothing incriminating was found.

(c) Thereafter, the CNB officers left for the Woodlands checkpoint, which they
arrived at around 12.15am the next day (ie, 27 October 2016). A K9 dog search
and a ‘backscatter scan’ of the Black Fiat car was conducted, but nothing
incriminating was found.

(d) The arresting CNB officers departed from the Woodlands checkpoint at
around 12.46am. They arrived at the CNB HQ at about 1.05am.

(e) The next significant event was the processing of the Seized Exhibits in
the EMR at 4.40am on 27 October 2016, as set out at [40(j)] above.

71 The events at [70(a)] and [70(c)]–[70(e)] above were set out in the
conditioned statements of all the arresting CNB officers, including Sgt
Yogaraj. However, the trip to Aslinda’s Woodlands flat and the search of the
place was not. Although this was not expressly stated in submissions, it is
clear that the Prosecution must accept that the arresting CNB officers
(especially Sgt Yogaraj) did travel to Aslinda’s flat to search the premises
after Isham’s Flat had been searched and before they went to the Woodlands
checkpoint. Otherwise, the Prosecution would simply have no account of the
whereabouts of the Drug Bundles at the time. Apart from Sgt Yogaraj and Sgt
Dadly who could not recall at trial that they had gone to search Aslinda’s
Woodlands flat, the other arresting CNB officers could in fact remember the
said trip and search.

72 According to Isham, the arresting CNB officers’ failure to mention the
search of Aslinda’s Woodlands flat in their conditioned statements is
significant, as is Sgt Yogaraj’s inability to recall the said search. It is
submitted that as a result of these evidential gaps, there is simply no
account as to the movement of the Duffel Bag (containing the Drug Bundles) for
over more than an hour and where Sgt Yogaraj was when Aslinda’s Woodlands flat
was being searched.

73 In my view, however, the gap in Sgt Yogaraj’s recollection falls short of
creating a reasonable doubt that the drug exhibits eventually analysed by the
HSA were not the Drug Bundles seized from the Black Fiat. Although Sgt Yogaraj
could not specifically recall going to Aslinda’s Woodlands flat between the
visit to Isham’s Flat and the trip to the Woodlands checkpoint, he did testify
that he remained with the other arresting CNB officers during that period of
time and that the Duffel Bag (containing the Drug Bundles) remained with him
“all the way”.

74 I accept that Sgt Yogaraj’s evidence is not the most robust. There is
nonetheless other material evidence which persuades me that there was indeed
no mix-up in or tampering of the Drug Bundles during this period of time.
Crucially, at the scene of Isham’s arrest, the Drug Bundles had already been
placed by the arresting CNB officers in tamper-proof bags labelled according
to the convention practised by the CNB Special Task Force. As discussed at
[57] above, this made it highly unlikely that the Drug Bundles could be
tampered with or somehow mixed up with other drug exhibits. As is discussed
more fully in the next subsection, Sgt Yogaraj, ASP Peh and IO Bong all gave
clear and consistent testimony that subsequently, at the EMR of the CNB HQ, it
was Sgt Yogaraj who passed the Seized Exhibits to ASP Peh. ASP Peh then
verified that the drug exhibits he received in the EMR were the Drug Bundles
seized from the Black Fiat car by checking the labels and description of the
exhibits recorded in the original Field Diary and the draft version of the
police report prepared to account for the items seized (“seizure report”)
(although as mentioned in the next subsection, the documents themselves are
not before the court). Significantly, Isham himself also expressly confirmed
in his 3rd long statement that the drug exhibits which were marked and
photographed by IO Bong in the EMR were indeed the Drug Bundles seized from
the Black Fiat car.

75 Taking the preceding matters in [73] and [74] together, I am satisfied that
the drug exhibits identified as being the Drug Bundles in the EMR were indeed
the Drug Bundles seized from the Black Fiat car. In the circumstances, Sgt
Yogaraj’s inability to specifically recall going to Aslinda’s Woodlands flat
in the interim period is insufficient to raise a reasonable doubt as to the
identity of the drug exhibits processed by IO Bong in the EMR.

Exhibit processing in the EMR at the CNB HQ

76 The chain of custody of the Drug Bundles in the EMR at the CNB HQ is set
out at [40(j)]–[40(k)] above. It should be noted that apart from the Seized
Exhibits and Isham’s personal properties, there were other exhibits seized
from other related persons being processed in the EMR at the same time. These
other persons included Thamotharan and the three persons arrested in the Blue
Honda car, as mentioned at [30] above. The other exhibits (“Other Exhibits”)
being processed with the Seized Exhibits also included drug exhibits.

77 Sgt Yogaraj testified that after arriving at the CNB HQ, he handed the
Seized Exhibits and Isham’s personal properties to ASP Peh in the EMR. ASP Peh
corroborated that it was Sgt Yogaraj who handed the Car Exhibits, Flat
Exhibits and Isham’s personal properties to him in the EMR. IO Bong also
confirmed that she witnessed this handover from Sgt Yogaraj to ASP Peh.

78 ASP Peh further testified that upon receiving the exhibits including the
Drug Bundles, he verified their identity by checking their labels and
description in the (original) Field Diary used during the operation and the
draft version of the seizure report. I note, however, that neither Field Diary
nor the draft version of the seizure report are before me. Only the final
version of the seizure report is in evidence. The final version does record
the items seized from the Black Fiat car, as well as the labels given to each
item by the arresting CNB officers at the scene of Isham’s arrest:

A) Car boot,

A1) 1 blue M1 recycle bag,

A1A) 2 white plastic bags, 1 red plastic bag and 1 orange plastic bag

A1A1) 1 packet of brown granular substances and 3 bundles of newspaper wrapped
with transparent plastic

Nonetheless, this does not necessarily mean that the draft version of the
seizure report also contained the same contents as its final version.

79 Ultimately, whilst neither the Field Diary nor the draft version of the
seizure report are before me, I find ASP Peh’s testimony to be credible and am
satisfied that the identity of the Drug Bundles that were seized from the
Black Fiat car had indeed been properly verified by ASP Peh in the EMR by
reference to the labels and descriptions recorded in the said documents. IO
Bong herself confirmed that she instructed ASP Peh to “tally the exhibit[s]”
that had been received.

80 Thereafter, ASP Peh’s evidence is that he handed the Seized Exhibits to IO
Bong. IO Bong stated that she had the exhibits photographed and marked
(according to her own system, which was used at trial as set out at [10] above
and which was different from that used by the arresting CNB officers at the
scene of Isham’s arrest). The drug exhibits, including the Drug Bundles, were
also weighed. IO Bong further testified that once all the exhibits had been
processed, she locked them up in a cupboard in her office, which she also
locked. Both the cupboard and her office could only be accessed by her. When
asked whether there was a possibility of a mix-up between the exhibits (ie,
the Drug Bundles and drug exhibits from the Other Exhibits), IO Bong replied
“no” because they had already been placed in tamper-proof bags. There were
also no exhibits from other cases present in the cupboard. In my view, ASP Peh
and IO Bong’s evidence was consistent and reliable, and I find there was no
break in the chain of custody of the Drug Bundles at this stage.

81 Significantly, during the recording of Isham’s 3rd long statement, he was
shown photographs taken during the exhibit management process of the drug
exhibits handled by ASP Peh and IO Bong. In his 3rd long statement, Isham
clearly confirmed that:

…[T]he exhibits starting with A belongs to me. A1 is the blue M1 bag I used to
put the 4 bundles in after I unwrapped them. A1A is the plastic bag containing
the 4 bundles placed under my car boot. A1A1A1A, A1A1A1B, A1A1A1C and A1A1A1D
are the 4 bundles I received in the white plastic bag. A1A1A1A is the bundle I
removed the newspaper and clear plastic wrapped [sic] to check.

82 As discussed at [57] above, the arresting CNB officers at the scene of
Isham’s arrest had placed the Drug Bundles in tamper-proof bags which were
individually labelled (according to their own CNB Special Task Force
convention). This made it very unlikely that the Drug Bundles had been lost,
tampered with or mixed up with other drug exhibits between the time of seizure
and the handover in the EMR. In these circumstances, I agree with the
Prosecution that Isham’s confirmation as set out in his 3rd long statement
above is highly probative. It indicates that the drug exhibits which were
handled by ASP Peh and IO Bong in the EMR and marked and photographed by IO
Bong as “A1A1A1A”, “A1A1A1B1A1”, “A1A1A1C1A1” and “A1A1A1D1A1” were indeed the
original Drug Bundles seized from the Black Fiat car, rather than some other
drug exhibit that had been mixed up with the Drug Bundles.

83 Isham nonetheless protests the manner in which the Seized Exhibits were
handled in the EMR. According to Isham, it was never explained to him what
items were being examined in the EMR and whether the drugs being weighed
actually belonged to him. He argues that the onus is on the Prosecution to
ensure that he was satisfied that the drugs being examined in the EMR were the
very same drugs that were seized from him at the time of his arrest. The
Prosecution has thus allegedly failed to establish that the drugs being
examined and weighed in the EMR were the Drug Bundles seized from him. Isham
also makes the following further points:

(a) There were other accused persons who were arrested at the same time or
approximately same time as him. The drugs from the other arrests were also
placed together in the EMR. No evidence (especially in the form of documentary
proof) was adduced to show that the Drug Bundles had not been placed with
drugs from other arrests and had been weighed separately.

(b) Isham had only torn open and inspected one of the Drug Bundles (this is
presumably before his arrest). However, when the drug exhibits were laid out
on the table in the EMR, Isham “saw that there were two items that were
already open” and “[s]o [he] [did] not know whether those items belong to
[him]” since there were other people arrested on the same day. He further said
that “the things that were laid on the table were different form [sic] the
things that were seized from me.” The Prosecution did not adduce any evidence
to explain why two bundles of drugs were open in the EMR and which bundle
belonged to which accused persons.

84 In my judgment, the above arguments are insufficient to suggest that there
had been a break in the chain of custody of the Drug Bundles:

(a) IO Bong testified that during the exhibit management process, Isham was
only asked to stand up to observe the weighing of the relevant drug exhibits
and nothing else was communicated to him. Nevertheless, ASP Peh and IO Bong
have both given clear and cogent evidence as to the manner in which the Seized
Exhibits were handled in the EMR. The fact that the exhibit management process
was not fully explained personally to Isham at the time is insufficient to
undermine the chain of custody established by the evidence of ASP Peh and IO
Bong.

(b) Furthermore, whilst there may have been other exhibits being processed in
the EMR at the same time as the Seized Exhibits, Isham’s implied suggestion
that there might have been a mix up remains speculative. As mentioned earlier,
each tamper-proof bag containing the Seized Exhibits (including the Drug
Bundles) had been labelled by the arresting CNB officers before being given to
ASP Peh. The labels and descriptions of the exhibits were recorded in the
Field Diary and the draft version of the seizure report, which ASP Peh used to
verify the identity of the Seized Exhibits he received. After the Seized
Exhibits were given to IO Bong, she then marked the exhibits according to her
own system. It would therefore have been easy for the CNB officers to identify
each exhibit by their label or marking such that the risk of a mix-up was
minimal.

(c) I am unable to ascribe much weight to Isham’s submission that there were
two drug exhibits already opened on the table in the EMR when he began
observing the exhibit management process and there must therefore have been a
break in the chain of custody of the Drug Bundles. When Isham’s claim was put
to IO Bong at trial, her response was simply that she could not remember.
However, she did not think she would have started examining the exhibits
before Isham arrived because the whole point of having the arrested person
present was to allow him to witness the entire process. Nevertheless, even if
Isham’s claim is true, it is hardly sufficient to show that the Drug Bundles
had been misidentified given ASP Peh’s and IO Bong’s detailed evidence as to
the process in which they had verified, handled and marked the Seized
Exhibits. That Isham may have only begun observing part of this process does
not mean it was improperly carried out by the two officers.

85 In addition to the above, Isham raises several other contentions in respect
of the handling of the Seized Exhibits in the EMR:

(a) There is no evidence that Sgt Yogaraj actually handed the Drug Bundles
seized from the Black Fiat car to ASP Peh in the EMR “except [that] the Court
must take their words for it”.

(b) Although ASP Peh claimed that he had verified the identity of the Drug
Bundles before handing them over to IO Bong in the EMR, he could not show any
documentation stating that he did so. Neither was there any documentation
showing that ASP Peh had handed the Drug Bundles to IO Bong. The court only
has ASP Peh’s word on the matter without any corroborative evidence.
Furthermore, ASP Peh “vacillate[d] between different versions” when asked to
explain how he verified that the exhibits he received were those seized from
the Black Fiat car. This showed that in fact, ASP Peh had not verified the
identity of the exhibits he received with any documents.

(c) As for IO Bong, she testified that she took the Drug Bundles and put them
in the cupboard inside her office. The cupboard was not locked although no one
had access to her office. This was not recorded anywhere by IO Bong.
Furthermore, IO Bong said that she kept the Seized Exhibits together with the
Other Exhibits in the same cupboard. The possibility of a mix up was therefore
“very high”.

86 Two clarifications should be made. First, Isham’s submission that ASP Peh
had “vacillate[d] between different versions” when asked to explain how he
verified the identity of the exhibits he received is misleading. As the
Prosecution highlights, ASP Peh’s testimony was that he had relied on either
the Field Diary and/or the seizure report to verify the identity of the
exhibits. For the latter, it could either be the draft version or the final
version of the report if it was ready. When Isham’s counsel pointed out to ASP
Peh that the final seizure report was only lodged after ASP Peh’s inspection
of the exhibits had been completed, ASP Peh then replied that this meant that
he must have relied only on the draft seizure report. It is evident that there
was simply no prevarication on ASP Peh’s part on the matter. Second, IO Bong’s
testimony was that the Seized Exhibits were placed in a locked cupboard inside
her locked office. It is unclear where Isham got the suggestion that the
cupboard was unlocked. Furthermore, given that the Seized Exhibits were marked
in tamper-proof bags, the concern that a mix up may have occurred while the
exhibits were kept in IO Bong’s office is simply speculative.

87 More importantly, the crux of Isham’s contentions is that there are
inadequate documentary records of the movement of the Drug Bundles in the EMR.
There are no documentary records in evidence stating unequivocally:

(a) that Sgt Yogaraj had passed the Drug Bundles to ASP Peh in the EMR;

(b) that ASP Peh had verified that he had received the Drug Bundles and how he
did so;

(c) that ASP Peh handed the Drug Bundles to IO Bong; and

(d) how IO Bong kept the Drug Bundles after the processing of exhibits was
complete.

88 As the Court of Appeal remarked in Affandi (at [42]), the keeping of proper
records will often obviate the need for the Prosecution to laboriously prove
the chain of custody of the relevant drug exhibits by other means. That being
said, the absence of documentary records does not in and of itself mean that
the clear and credible testimony of the relevant CNB officers should be
rejected. For the reasons discussed at [76]–[82] above, including Isham’s own
admission in his 3rd long statement, I am of the view that the chain of
custody in the EMR has satisfactorily been proven beyond a reasonable doubt
notwithstanding the absence of documentary records.

Submission of the Drug Bundles to HSA and their storage at HSA

89 The final steps of the chain of custody are set out at [40(l)]–[40(m)]
above. IO Bong’s evidence was that she submitted the Drug Bundles to the HSA
for analysis on 28 October 2016, between 2.50pm and 2.51pm. This was
corroborated by the HSA certificates issued by Joey Ng, which also confirmed
that she received exhibits which were marked “A1A1A1A”, “A1A1A1B1A1”,
“A1A1A1C1A1” and “A1A1A1D1A1” (ie, the same markings given by IO Bong to the
Drug Bundles) and sealed in tamper-proof bags. Joey Ng testified that when the
Drug Bundles were received, the seals were intact for each of the Drug
Bundles. They were thereafter stored securely in the manner set out at [40(m)]
above pending their analysis.

90 I am satisfied that there was no break in the chain of custody at this
stage. Nothing in Isham’s case suggests otherwise, save for the alleged
discrepancies in the weights measured by IO Bong and the HSA analyst Joey Ng
(which I examine in the next subsection).

Differences in the gross weight of the drugs measured by the CNB and the HSA

91 Finally, Isham points to the alleged discrepancies between the gross
weights of the drug exhibits measured by IO Bong and the gross weights of the
drug exhibits analysed by HSA. It is said that these discrepancies indicate
that the identity of the drug exhibits measured by HSA is in doubt. In support
of this argument, Isham presented the following table in closing submissions:

Exhibit| Gross weight measured by the CNB with wrapping| Gross weight measured
by the HSA with wrapping| Difference in gross weights  
---|---|---|---  
A1A1A1A| 470.80g| 450.9g| +19.9g (+0.957%)  
A1A1A1B1A1| 472.80g| 450.9g| +21.9g (+0.954%)  
A1A1A1C1A1| 467.48g| 452.1g| +15.38g (+0.967%)  
A1A1A1D1A1| 477.71g| 451.5g| +25.6g (+0.945%)  
TOTAL:| 1,888.79g| 1,805.4g| +82.78g (+3.823%)  
  
92 Crucially, however, Isham’s table does not cross-reference the underlying
evidence from which he obtained the gross weights allegedly measured by the
CNB. As the Prosecution points out, this is highly problematic because the
only evidence available on this score appears to be IO Bong’s conditioned
statement. The gross weights measured by the CNB, as recorded in IO Bong’s
statement, are completely different from those stated in the table above.
Given the lack of evidential basis for the figures used by Isham, I find
myself entirely unable to rely on his table.

93 To my mind, the correct analysis is simply as follows:

Exhibit Marking| Gross weight measured by the CNB (“W”)| Gross weight measured
by the HSA(“X”)| Difference in gross weights(“Y”, calculated by W – X)|
Percentage difference in gross weight(“Z”, calculated by Y / W)  
---|---|---|---|---  
A1A1A1A| 482.80g| Not less than 450.9g| 31.9g| 6.61%  
A1A1A1B1A1| 470.60g| Not less than 450.9g| 19.7g| 4.19%  
A1A1A1C1A1| 472.80g| Not less than 452.1g| 20.7g| 4.38%  
A1A1A1D1A1| 467.48g| Not less than 451.5g| 15.98g| 3.42%  
TOTAL:| 1,893.68g| Not less than 1,805.4g| 88.28g| 4.66%  
  
For the avoidance of doubt, the figures in column W are the gross weights
measured by IO Bong, as stated in her conditioned statement. It may also be
noted that the total gross weight of the Drug Bundles measured by the CNB (ie,
1,893.68g) was also reflected in the charge read by IO Bong to the accused at
the time of the recording of his Cautioned Statement.

94 In light of the preceding table, I accept that there were indeed some
differences in the gross weights of the drug exhibits measured by the CNB and
the HSA. As the Prosecution highlights, however, this is simply explained by
the different weighing methods used by IO Bong and HSA analyst Joey Ng. The
details of their different weighing methods are set out below:

(a) Each drug exhibit weighed by IO Bong comprised the granular/powder
substance in question enclosed by its original plastic packet without any
other external wrapping. For each exhibit, IO Bong weighed the packet of
granular/powdery substance together with the tamper-proof bag in which it was
sealed.

(b) On the other hand, HSA analyst Joey Ng weighed each packet of
granular/powdery substance without the tamper-proof bag in which it was
sealed. After doing so, she poured the granular/powdery substance out of the
packet and weighed the empty packet alone. She obtained the weight of the
granular/powdery substance by simply subtracting the weight of the empty
packet from the weight of the packet with the granular/powdery substance. The
resulting figure was then adjusted for measurement uncertainty to derive the
final gross weight reported in the relevant HSA certificate.

95 This therefore explains why IO Bong’s measurements were consistently higher
than that of HSA. For each drug exhibit, IO Bong measured the weight of the
granular/powdery substance together with its original plastic packet and the
tamper-proof bag in which it was sealed. On the other hand, the measurements
by HSA analyst Joey Ng of the gross weights of the drug exhibits in [93] above
were based on the weight of the granular/powdery substance alone.

96 The difference in the total gross weights of the drug exhibits measured by
the CNB and the HSA is 88.28g (ie, 1,893.68g less 1,805.4g). At trial, HSA
analyst Joey Ng testified that the weight of the original plastic packet for
each of the exhibits marked “A1A1A1A”, “A1A1A1B1A1”, “A1A1A1C1A1” and
“A1A1A1D1A1” was 10.96g, 11.02g, 11.03g and 11.03g respectively. This adds up
to a total of 44.04g.

97 The remaining difference in the total gross weights measured by the CNB and
the HSA is hence 44.24g (ie, 88.28g less 44.04g). Unfortunately, as HSA
analyst Joey Ng did not weigh the tamper-proof bag for each exhibit, it is not
possible to conclusively determine if this remaining difference exactly
represents the weight of the four tamper-proof bags. Nonetheless, the
difference of 44.24g is equivalent to only about 2.34% of 1,893.68g, ie, the
total gross weight measured by the CNB. On the whole, I am of the view that
this difference is not so significant as to create a reasonable doubt as to
whether the granular/powdery substances weighed by IO Bong and the HSA were
the same. This is especially in light of the detailed evidence establishing
the Prosecution’s chain of custody, as discussed at [56]–[90] above. I bear in
mind that the weight of the four tamper-proof bags must be factored in. I am
satisfied that ultimately, the difference in gross weights can be explained as
simply being the weight of the four tamper-proof bags and/or attributed to
differences in the accuracy in the weighing instruments used by the CNB and
the HSA (in this regard, see for example Public Prosecutor v Parthiban
Kanapathy [2019] SGHC 226 at [128]–[137]).

Remaining evidential issues

98 There are three remaining evidential matters raised by the parties. Whilst
I discuss these matters as part of the analysis of the chain of custody, my
conclusions here apply generally to all the issues in the present trial (ie,
in respect of the chain of custody and the elements of the Charge).

99 The first matter is Isham’s claim that he had given information about
Thamotharan and Boy to IO Vinod, who recorded Isham’s 8th and 9th long
statements. It is alleged by Isham that IO Vinod failed to record in detail
the information that Isham had given to him, including the fact that Boy would
come to Singapore with Thamotharan. In this vein, Isham refers to the
testimony of Anmbalagi d/o Ayah (“Anmbalagi”), an officer from the
Immigrations and Checkpoint Authority (“ICA”) who was called as a defence
witness. According to Isham, ICA officer Anmbalagi had testified that there
were records showing that Boy had entered Singapore with Thamotharan on
several occasions. He submits that this is “wholly relevant as it goes towards
the credibility of Isham that whatever…[he] was testifying was the truth
except that the CNB Officers refused to believe and to investigate further
whether there was [sic] such entries made by “Boy” with Thamo[tharan] to
Singapore”. I agree, however, with the Prosecution that the truth of Isham’s
aforementioned claim and Anmbalagi’s testimony ultimately have little
relevance to Isham’s general credibility for the purpose of deciding whether
the chain of custody or the elements of the Charge are established.

100 The second matter is an allegation by Isham which surfaced on the sixth
day of trial on 11 August 2020. The allegation was that during the previous
tranche on 25 June 2020, Sgt Yogaraj had been texting on his mobile phone
while he was giving evidence on the witness stand. I find this allegation
difficult to believe. As I remarked to parties at the time, I had been
observing Sgt Yogaraj throughout his testimony and would have noticed if he
had indeed been impermissibly using his mobile phone. I had noticed no such
thing. On 14 August 2020, the Prosecution cross-examined Isham on this
allegation at which point a different account was put forward. Isham said that
he only saw Sgt Yogaraj holding onto his mobile phone while on the stand and
that Sgt Yogaraj was typing on his mobile phone during the “break” in the
trial. I do not think that this new allegation can gain any traction either as
it was never put to Sgt Yogaraj. I only state for the record that whilst I do
not accept these allegations by Isham, I have not taken them into account in
my assessment of the evidence, including in respect of Isham’s general
credibility as submitted by the Prosecution. I am of the view that they are of
minimal relevance to the chain of custody of the Drug Bundles and whether or
not the elements of the Charge are made out.

101 The third matter is Isham’s claim that after he was arrested, IO Bong had
“tried to persuade [him] to co-operate with CNB”. Isham said that during the
recording of one of his statements, he had told IO Bong that he was depressed
and wanted to commit suicide. IO Bong allegedly told him “[p]lease do not go
to the gallows as we’re giving you a second chance for the [sic] life” and
that she would “put in a good word to the DPP with regard to his cooperation”.
On the stand, IO Bong testified that she could not remember if Isham had said
anything to that effect to her. She further denied making the alleged
statements. Isham contends that IO Bong was lying because the Malay
interpreter who was present during the statement-taking (one Shaffiq bin
Selamat) supposedly recalled “such similar conversations between Isham and
[IO] Bong taking place”. It is said that this undermines the general
credibility of IO Bong, but Isham did not go so far as to challenge the
admissibility of any of the Statements on the basis that a threat, inducement
or promise had been made.

102 On a close review of the transcripts, it seems to me that the only thing
that Shaffiq could clearly recall was Isham telling IO Bong that he was
depressed and would rather go to the gallows. It is apparent from Shaffiq’s
testimony as a whole that beyond that, he could not really remember whether
the possibility of a “life sentence” or Isham’s cooperation with the CNB was
discussed between the two. In the circumstances, I do not think that Isham’s
claim has been sufficiently substantiated so as to impugn IO Bong’s
credibility in any material way. His claim is also entirely irrelevant to the
elements of the Charge.

Conclusion on the chain of custody

103 Isham contended in his closing submissions that “two inconsistent
narratives” had emerged at trial as to the chain of custody of the Drug
Bundles seized from the Black Fiat car. He fails, however, to remotely explain
what were the two inconsistent narratives he was referring to.

104 For the reasons given above, I am satisfied that the Prosecution has in
fact established a single, unbroken chain of custody in respect of the Drug
Bundles. The evidence shows that at the scene of Isham’s arrest, the Drug
Bundles were labelled by the arresting CNB officers and sealed in tamper-proof
bags. When the exhibits were handed over by Sgt Yogaraj to ASP Peh at the EMR
of the CNB HQ, ASP Peh verified the identity of the exhibits by checking the
labels and descriptions recorded in the original Field Diary and draft seizure
report. IO Bong then marked the exhibits according to her own system and had
them photographed. When the photographs of the drug exhibits were shown to
Isham during the recording of his 3rd long statement, he expressly confirmed
that they showed the Drug Bundles seized from the Black Fiat car. The drug
exhibits were securely kept by IO Bong until their submission to the HSA. In
the premises, I find it proven beyond a reasonable doubt that the drug
exhibits analysed by the HSA to contain not less than 52.88g of diamorphine
were indeed the Drug Bundles seized from the Black Fiat car.

Whether the elements of the Charge are made out

105 In my judgment, the available evidence also proves all the elements of the
Charge beyond a reasonable doubt. Indeed, Isham unequivocally concedes the
same in his closing submissions.

106 Starting with the first element of possession, it is not in dispute that
Isham was the driver of the Black Fiat car at the material time. Isham’s
consistent position in his police statements, at trial and in closing
submissions is that he did have the Drug Bundles in his possession. At trial,
Isham testified that he collected the Drug Bundles and put them in the blue
bag A1 before placing it in the boot of the Black Fiat car. This is
corroborated by Insp David, who said that at the time of his arrest, Isham
told him that the Drug Bundles were “[a]t the back of the car”. Insp David and
Sgt Dadly further confirmed that the Drug Bundles were found in the boot of
the Black Fiat car.

107 Next, Isham also admits that he knew that the Drug Bundles contained
heroin. He testified at trial that when he was arrested, Insp David asked him
if he had anything to surrender and he replied that he had “obat” (meaning
medicine) at the back of the Black Fiat car. When Insp David asked him if it
was “peh hoon” (which Isham understood to mean “heroin”), Isham said “yes”.
Insp David’s account was materially similar. Insp David said that he simply
asked Isham if he had anything to surrender and Isham replied that he had “peh
hoon” at the back of the Black Fiat car.

108 In Isham’s 1st contemporaneous statement, he was also questioned as to
what the Drug Bundles were and he answered “peh hoon” (ie, heroin). Indeed,
Isham continued to maintain in his closing submissions that he knew of the
nature of the Drug Bundles. I therefore find that he did have such knowledge.

109 Lastly, I come to the element of trafficking. In Isham’s Statements
(except his 1st contemporaneous statement), Isham has consistently maintained
that he had the Drug Bundles in his possession for the purpose of onward
delivery to customers. At trial and in his closing submissions, Isham
continued to state that the Drug Bundles were meant to be delivered to
customers. Curiously, however, Isham had said in his 1st contemporaneous
statement that the Drug Bundles were in fact meant for sale although he
retracted this in his later police statements.

110 The Prosecution submits that on either account (ie, whether Isham was only
delivering the Drug Bundles to customers or had also engaged in selling them),
the element of trafficking is made out because both sale and delivery fall
within the meaning of “trafficking” as defined in s 2 of the MDA. I agree and
therefore also find that this element is proven beyond a reasonable doubt.

111 For completeness, I briefly address Thamotharan’s alleged involvement in
the transaction on 26 October 2016. As summarised at [13]–[29] above, Isham
initially claimed in his earlier police statements that he had received the
Drug Bundles by picking them up from underneath the Black Fiat car at the FEP
Carpark on 26 October 2016. However, Isham later claimed in his 8th long
statement and at trial that it was in fact Thamotharan who passed the Drug
Bundles to him. I agree with the Prosecution that ultimately, it is irrelevant
for the purpose of making out the Charge how or from whom Isham had obtained
the Drug Bundles at the FEP Carpark. Neither is Isham’s sole defence at trial
dependent on how or from whom he received the Drug Bundles. Whichever of
Isham’s two accounts of Thamotharan’s involvement is true, the fact remains
that Isham possessed the Drug Bundles, knew that they contained heroin and
intended to traffic in them.

Conclusion

112 In summary, I find as follows:

(a) It is proven beyond a reasonable doubt that the drug exhibits analysed by
the HSA to contain not less than 52.88g of diamorphine were the Drug Bundles
seized from the Black Fiat car.

(b) All the elements of the Charge against Isham are proven beyond a
reasonable doubt.

113 Isham is thereby convicted of the Charge. As mentioned earlier, where a
person is convicted of an offence under s 5(1)(a) read with s 5(2) of the MDA
for trafficking in more than 15g of diamorphine, the punishment prescribed
under s 33 read with the Second Schedule of the MDA is death. The court
nevertheless retains the discretion to apply the alternative sentencing regime
in s 33B of the MDA if the conditions specified in that provision are met.

114 My only final remarks are these. In the course of the trial and in closing
submissions, Isham’s dissatisfaction at the perceived unfairness in the
difference in treatment that he and Thamotharan had received was apparent to
me. According to Isham’s testimony, Thamotharan was the “right-hand man of
Boy” and the person who delivered the Drug Bundles to him on the day of his
arrest. As alluded to at the start of this judgment, Thamotharan was initially
charged in relation to the delivery of the Drug Bundles to Isham on 26 October
2016. However, before the start of trial, Thamotharan was granted a discharge
not amounting to an acquittal on 20 April 2020 pursuant to the Prosecution’s
application. Isham appeared displeased that “Thamotharan [was] acquitted”
while “[he was] the only one who [was] facing this capital charge”.

115 I have stated Isham’s unhappiness to complete the narrative of this case.
Ultimately, however, under Article 35(8) of the Constitution of the Republic
of Singapore (1985 Rev Ed, 1999 Reprint), the Attorney-General has the power,
exercisable at his discretion, to institute, conduct or discontinue
proceedings for any offence. It is not for this court to address Isham’s
unhappiness or to speculate on the reasons for the difference in the treatment
of Thamotharan and him.

116 In line with my remarks at [35]–[36] above, I heard parties on the issue
of sentencing after I convicted Isham of the Charge and I reserved judgment.

Dedar Singh Gill  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Mark Jayaratnam, Theong Li Han and Teo Siu Ming (Attorney-General’s Chambers)
for the Prosecution;

Satwant Singh s/o Sarban Singh (Satwant & Associates) and Wong Li-Yen Dew (Dew
Chambers) for the first accused.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 03 Aug 2021 (14:30 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

