Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the court of appeal of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGCA 38

Civil Appeal No 163 of 2020

Between

| CHT  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

| CHU  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

In the matter of Divorce (Transferred) No 586 of 2018

Between

| CHU  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| CHT  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

Ex Tempore judgment

[Family Law] — [Matrimonial assets] — [Division]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
CHT

  

v

  

CHU

[2021] SGCA 38

Court of Appeal — Civil Appeal No 163 of 2020  
Judith Prakash JCA, Belinda Ang Saw Ean JAD and Quentin Loh JAD  
14 April 2021

14 April 2021

Judith Prakash JCA (delivering the judgment of the court ex tempore):

1 This appeal arises out of the division of matrimonial assets ordered by the
High Court Judge. The appellant husband has raised a number of challenges in
respect of the Judge’s orders. We will consider these in turn but the parties
must be aware that, as this court recently re-affirmed in TQU v TQT [2020]
SGCA 8 at [26], an appellate court will not readily interfere with orders made
by the court below pertaining to the division of matrimonial assets. To
warrant appellate intervention, the Judge’s decision must be shown to be
clearly inequitable or wrong in principle.

2 The husband’s contentions can be categorised as follows:

(a) The Judge erred in the identification of the matrimonial assets in three
ways;

(b) The Judge wrongly assessed the ratio of the parties’ contributions;

(c) The Judge wrongly decided that costs were to be agreed between parties,
failing which the parties were at liberty to apply for directions in respect
of costs.

In addition to these three points of appeal, the husband also proposes a
number of consequential orders for the division of the matrimonial assets.

3 In general, with one exception which we elaborate upon below, we are
satisfied that there is no merit in the husband’s challenges. He has not been
able to show that the decisions of the Judge were clearly inequitable or wrong
in principle.

4 We turn first to the points about identification of the matrimonial assets.
These relate to:

(a) The wife’s insurance policies;

(b) The wife’s bank statements;

(c) The 19,000 Restricted Stock Units, or “RSUs” for short, which the husband
transferred to his mother.

We deal with these in turn.

5 The wife disclosed nine insurance policies but failed to disclose another
eight. The Judge drew an adverse inference against the wife for failing to
disclose the additional eight policies and for failing to provide reliable and
updated information in relation to some of the disclosed policies. She gave
effect to this adverse inference by notionally adding the sum of $200,000,
representing the value of the eight undisclosed policies, into the pool of
matrimonial assets. Before us, the husband contended that the Judge should not
have given effect to the adverse inference by assigning that value of $200,000
to the undisclosed insurance policies for four reasons. First, the Judge’s
methodology did not accurately account for the value of the undisclosed
assets. Secondly, two of the policies that had been disclosed were worth more
than the amounts determined by the Judge and she had erred by not taking the
increased value of these two policies into consideration when assessing the
sum to be notionally added back. Thirdly, the Judge wrongly assumed that the
wife had only failed to disclose eight policies, and that four of those
policies had no surrender value. Finally, the addition of $200,000 did not
sufficiently recognise the wife’s flagrant lies and egregious conduct in
relation to her non-disclosure.

6 We do not accept the husband’s arguments. It is well established that the
court has the power to give effect to an adverse inference by either making a
finding on the value of the undisclosed assets and including that value in the
pool (ie, the “valuation approach”), or by ordering a higher proportion of the
known assets to be given to the other party (ie, the “uplift approach”). Which
approach the court takes is a matter of judgment and the court will adopt the
method which, in the circumstances, it considers will lead to the most just
and equitable result. In the circumstances of this case, we are satisfied that
there was nothing inequitable or unprincipled about the Judge’s adoption of
the valuation approach rather than the uplift approach. As regards the
valuation of the two disclosed policies, the husband’s contention that they
were worth more than the values which the Judge ascribed to them is completely
unsubstantiated. Further, the Judge was not bound to peg the estimated value
of the eight undisclosed policies to the value of the disclosed policies. She
simply did so as a rough gauge to assign a fair and equitable value to the
undisclosed policies. This was an exercise of the Judge’s discretion and,
given that this is a broad discretion, we can see no difficulty with how the
Judge conducted the exercise. Moreover, there was no evidence whatsoever to
substantiate the husband’s allegation that there were more than eight
undisclosed policies. Nor was there any basis except suspicion for the
husband’s assertion, in effect, that all of the non-disclosed policies had
surrender values. In our opinion, the Judge was entitled, in her assessment,
to account for the fact that a number of the undisclosed policies might have
no surrender value. The Judge was trying to obtain a figure that best
reflected the value of the non-disclosed assets. Given that five of the
disclosed policies had no surrender value, it was not unreasonable for the
Judge to assess that some of the undisclosed ones might be of the same type.
The husband was, further, mistaken in his view that adverse inferences are
drawn to punish. That is not the intention of this device – it is adopted in
order to further the aim of a fair and equitable distribution of assets
between the ex-spouses by depriving the one who conceals assets of the benefit
of that improper conduct.

7 The husband’s next point was that the Judge erred in not drawing an adverse
inference against the wife in respect of her failure to provide the complete
statements of her three OCBC accounts. No doubt the wife did disclose
documents that appeared to have been cropped. Further, she was not forthcoming
from the beginning with her disclosure with regard to all three accounts. The
Judge recognised the deficiencies in the wife’s evidence but gave reasons why
these did not justify drawing an adverse inference against the wife. In
particular, the accounts summaries which the wife disclosed were dated,
spanned a period of six months and contained quite a lot of information.
Further, the wife did make up for her initial inadequacy in disclosure by
disclosing two further accounts a few months later. There was also other
evidence to support the wife’s contention as to the amount that she had in her
bank accounts. We see no basis on which to interfere with the Judge’s decision
not to draw an adverse inference against the wife in this respect.

8 The husband’s third ground of appeal was that the Judge erred in drawing an
adverse inference against him in respect of 19,000 RSUs that the husband had
been given by his employer. Initially, the husband disclosed only 13,264 RSUs.
Subsequently, it transpired from documents disclosed later that the husband
had transferred a total of 19,000 RSUs to his mother in 2018. The Judge
included the value of the 19,000 RSUs, which she assessed to be $1,365,528.57,
in the matrimonial pool. She took the view that the husband’s transfers were
suspicious transactions because they had taken place shortly after the wife
filed for divorce and were much larger than the husband’s monthly maintenance
payments to the mother. The Judge then drew an adverse inference against him
for failing to satisfactorily account for these transfers. The husband argued
that it was not correct to draw the adverse inference as he had not concealed
these assets. He had tendered documents to show the existence and purpose of
the transfers. The Judge had also erred in finding that the transfers were
suspicious. They had been made for the legitimate purpose of providing
financial assistance to his mother.

9 In our view, the Judge was absolutely correct to include the value of the
19,000 RSUs in the matrimonial pool. Whether or not the husband in fact
thought that his mother needed the additional financial support, he was not
entitled to unilaterally transfer valuable assets to her while the parties
were undergoing divorce proceedings. The wife had a putative interest in the
19,000 RSUs and therefore he could not dispose of them without her consent.
Having done so, he had to account for them as part of the matrimonial assets.
Having said this, with respect, we think it was not correct for the Judge to
draw an adverse inference in respect of the 19,000 RSUs. These assets were
disclosed by the husband. He did mount a case that they should not be included
in the pool but, weak as the argument was, it did not justify the drawing of
an adverse inference. Even if the husband had been trying to put the assets
out of the reach of the wife, as it turned out they were disclosed and they
were valued thus allowing the amount of approximately $1.365m to be added to
the pool. Since the value was known and could be divided between the parties
as part of the division exercise, there was no need to draw an adverse
inference.

10 We now move on to the second set of issues which deal with the calculation
of the ratio. The husband’s first contention in this regard is that since the
Judge added the 19,000 RSUs to the pool, she ought to have considered the
value of this asset as forming part of the husband’s direct contribution. The
Judge’s reason for not doing so was to give effect to the adverse inference.
As we have stated that there was no need to draw that adverse inference, it
follows that the husband should be credited with the acquisition of the 19,000
RSUs. We deal below with the consequence of this conclusion.

11 Next, the husband took issue with the Judge’s determination of the
appropriate indirect contribution ratio as 60:40 in the wife’s favour. The
husband submitted it should be 55:45 in his favour to reflect his greater
contributions as a caregiver and gave examples of what he had done. We have
considered the arguments carefully but are unable to accept them. A judge
assessing the contributions of parties to a marriage in areas like parenting
and homemaking applies a broad-brush approach because the court is necessarily
an outsider to the intimacies of a marriage and only has the parties’ accounts
– which are given much later – as to what had happened during the marriage. As
has been said in ANJ v ANK [2015] 4 SLR 1043 at [24], what values to give to
the indirect contributions of the parties is necessarily a matter of
impression and judgment of the court. The court exercises its discretion in
this regard with a keen appreciation of the facts of the particular case
before it. From the judgment here, it is clear that the Judge duly considered
all matters undertaken by the husband as well as the undisputed fact that the
marriage had been a cooperative one before it broke down, but balanced these
considerations against the fact that the wife had, for a period,
singlehandedly taken care of the household chores and shopping; and, secondly,
had invested much time and effort over the years coaching the children and
organising their enrichment classes. In arriving at the ratio of 60:40, the
Judge fully considered the husband’s arguments which he has re-hashed before
us. In our judgment, he has not been able to show that the Judge’s final
assessment was inequitable.

12 There were two classes of assets in this case: immovable properties
(Category 1) and all other remaining assets (Category 2). The Judge adopted
the classification method which the parties do not dispute. The third argument
proffered by the husband is that the parties’ direct contributions should be
ascribed greater weight than the parties’ indirect contributions in relation
to the Category 2 assets (though not in relation to the Category 1 assets).
This was a fairly long marriage of 16 years and the husband has not put
forward cogent reasons, as the case law requires, for the court to depart from
the normal approach. Furthermore, in the case of AYQ v AYR and another matter
[2013] 1 SLR 476, this court said (at [22]):

Returning to “the classification methodology”, we would emphasise the fact
that indirect contributions must be factored into – and its weightage to
remain constant in relation to – each class of assets. [emphasis added]

As the husband’s proposed approach would result in the parties’ indirect
contributions being assigned different weights in Categories 1 and 2
respectively, this ground of his appeal cannot succeed.

13 From the discussion so far, it is clear that the husband’s appeal has been
successful only in relation to the drawing of the adverse inference in respect
of the 19,000 RSUs and the consequential adjustment that needs to be made to
the assessment of the husband’s direct contributions. Crediting the husband
with the 19,000 RSUs means that the Category 2 calculations would have to be
adjusted in accordance with the following table (with the necessary changes
bolded and underlined):

| Wife| Husband  
---|---|---  
Direct Contributions to assets in their sole names, including the 19000 RSUs
(except for POSB Account xxx1)| $750,547.66| $2,257,467.52\+ $1,365,528.57=
$3,622,996.09  
Direct Contributions to the Joint Standard Chartered Account, Joint DBS
Account and POSB Account xxx1 (ie, $102,472.31 + $3,529 + $19,935.41 =
$125,936.72).| $62,968.36| $62,968.36  
Total Direct Contributions| $813,516.02| $2,320,435.88 $3,685,964.45  
Ratio| 2618| 7482  
  
14 Consequently, the new overall percentages of the parties’ direct and
indirect contributions will be as follows and will give rise to amended
figures for distribution as shown:

| Wife| Husband  
---|---|---  
Category 1: Glendale Park Property and Jalan Gumilang Property ($2,625,749.77)  
Direct | 50| 50   
Indirect | 60| 40  
Average Ratio | 55| 45  
Entitled Sum (Category 1)| $1,444,162.37| $1,181,587.40  
Category 2: All remaining quantified assets + unquantified assets (Joint
Standard Chartered Bank Account $102,472.31, Wife’s unexplained withdrawals
$58,000, Husband’s endowment funds $20,000, Wife’s undisclosed insurance
policies $200,000 and Husband’s 19,000 RSUs) = $4,777,480.47  
Direct| 26 18| 74 82  
Indirect | 60| 40  
Average Ratio | 4339| 5761  
Entitled Sum (Category 2)| $2,054,316.60 $1,863,217.38|
$2,723,163.87$2,914,263.09  
Total Entitled Sum (Combined)| $3,498,478.97$3,307,379.75|
$3,904,751.27$4,095,850.49  
  
15 We now come to the question of costs. The Judge directed that the matter of
costs should be agreed between the parties and if not agreed they were at
liberty to write to the court for directions in respect of costs. The husband
wants us to fix the costs and has suggested the figures which he says he
should be awarded. The wife contends that as the Judge has not made any order
for costs, the husband’s arguments are premature. In our view, while the Judge
did not make costs orders, this does not mean that the husband is entitled to
appeal on costs when he has not followed her directions. The Judge’s
directions were that parties should try and agree and if they could not agree
they had liberty to apply to her. The parties have not yet applied to the
Judge. This is the course that they should take instead of asking us to fix
the costs that were incurred below. This is especially because, in the first
instance, the Judge is best placed to decide what costs order should be made
in respect of the ancillary matters hearing.

16 The husband also wants us to make consequential orders for the division of
the matrimonial assets. Here again, the Judge’s direction was for the parties
to work this out, failing which they were given liberty to apply to the High
Court for directions. Once again, the husband has no basis to ask us to make
any consequential orders. He or the wife or both of them should apply to the
Judge in the first instance.

17 In conclusion, the husband’s appeal is dismissed in part. His appeal is
allowed to the extent that the total amounts to which he and the wife are
entitled in respect of Category 2 assets are varied to $3,307,379.75 (wife)
and $4,095,850.49 (husband) as explained in the table in [14] above. As the
husband has only been partially successful in his appeal, we direct that each
party bear his/her own costs and disbursements incurred in relation to the
appeal. The security deposit shall be released to the husband.

Judith Prakash Belinda Ang Saw Ean  
Justice of the Court of Appeal Judge of the Appellate Division

Quentin Loh  
Judge of the Appellate Division

The appellant in person;

Lum Guo Rong and Chiu Hsu-Hwee Bernard  
(Lexcompass LLC) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 15 Apr 2021 (09:07 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

