Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC 185

![](data:image/png;base64,
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)Criminal
Case No 66 of 2017

Between

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
|  
  
And

| S K Murugan Subrawmanian  
---|---  
|  
  
GrOUNDS OF DECISION

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Statements] — [Admissibility]

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Statements] — [Voluntariness]

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Voir dire]

[Evidence] — [Witnesses] — [Expert evidence]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  
v

  

S K Murugan Subrawmanian

[2021] SGHC 185

General Division of the High Court — Criminal Case No 66 of 2017  
Chan Seng Onn J  
28–31 January, 4–5, 25–28 February, 3–5 March, 25–27 August, 1–4 September
2020, 16–19, 22–26 February, 19–23 April, 4–5 May, 5 July 2021

30 July 2021

Chan Seng Onn J:

1 These grounds of decision concern the voluntariness of seven statements
sought to be admitted by the Prosecution that were the subject of a voir dire
held within a retrial involving the accused, S K Murugan Subrawmaniam
(“Murugan”), a 50-year old Malaysian. Murugan claimed trial to a charge of
trafficking in not less than 66.27g of diamorphine (the “Charge”) under s
5(1)(a) of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed) (“MDA”). In the
first trial, the High Court found Murugan guilty and convicted him on the
Charge (see Public Prosecutor v S K Murugan Subrawmanian [2018] SGHC 71 (the
“First Trial”)). He was sentenced to death. On appeal, the Court of Appeal
remitted the matter back to the High Court for a retrial.

2 In the present voir dire, Murugan challenged the admissibility of seven long
statements (collectively referred to as “the Statements”). Murugan’s case was
that the Statements were not voluntarily made because he had been induced by
Station Inspector Shafiq Basheer (“SI Shafiq”), who was the investigating
officer of the case, to make the Statements so that SI Shafiq would bring one
Mohamed Hisham bin Mohamed Hariffin (“Hisham”) to him (the “Inducement”). 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Defence’s written submissions dated 4 June 2021 (“DWS1”) at para 23;
Transcript (27 February 2020) at p 112 (lines 8 to 15) and p 120 (line 27).

Factual background

3 On 6 January 2015, Murugan and Hisham met at Greenwich Drive in Singapore.
Hisham left that meeting carrying a blue plastic bag, which contained five
bundles of a powdery substance, later found to have contained no less than
66.27g of diamorphine in total (the “Five Bundles”). Shortly after, Hisham was
arrested by Central Narcotic Bureau (“CNB”) officers; however, he almost
immediately displayed signs of discomfort and shortness of breath and passed
away within the hour. Murugan was separately arrested later that day as well.
2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Statement of Agreed Facts dated 21 January 2020 at paras 11 to 19.

4 At the time of his arrest, Murugan gave a contemporaneous statement at about
2.25pm (the “Contemporaneous Statement”). He later gave a cautioned statement
on 7 January 2015 at about 5.11am (the “Cautioned Statement”). In the
Contemporaneous Statement and the Cautioned Statement, Murugan denied
committing the offence. In the Contemporaneous Statement, he said that he did
not give any items to Hisham and merely collected $13,000 from Hisham. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Agreed Bundle at p 277.

In the Cautioned Statement, he reiterated that he met Hisham only to collect
money and not to give any items. Since Hisham’s plastic bag was torn, Hisham
asked Murugan for a plastic bag. Murugan acceded to that request. Hisham gave
him the money. However, upon seeing the items Hisham had with him, Murugan
asked him to alight from the container truck and leave with the items. Murugan
said he had nothing to do with the items and that the items did not belong to
him. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Agreed Bundle at p 73.

5 After Murugan had been arrested, SI Shafiq recorded the Statements from
Murugan with the assistance of a certified Tamil interpreter, Mr V I
Ramanathan (“Mr Ramanathan”), on the following occasions: 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Agreed Bundle at pp 75 to 115.

(a) 9 January 2015 at about 7.15pm at Cantonment Lock-up Interview Room 3
(marked as “P78I”);

(b) 10 January 2015 at about 7.42pm at Cantonment Lock-up Interview Room 3
(marked as “P79I”);

(c) 11 January 2015 at about 2.47pm at Cantonment Lock-up Interview Room 3
(marked as “P80I”);

(d) 11 January 2015 at about 8.40pm at Cantonment Lock-up Interview Room 3
(marked as “P81I”);

(e) 12 January 2015 at about 2.20pm at Cantonment Lock-up Interview Room 3
(marked as “P82I”);

(f) 13 January 2015 at about 1.52pm at Cantonment Lock-up Interview Room 5
(marked as “P83I”); and

(g) 14 January 2015 at about 7.00pm at Cantonment Lock-up Interview Room 5
(marked as “P84I”).

6 The Statements painted a radically different picture. Murugan admitted to
the offence. He said that he was in financial difficulties and agreed to one
Kumar’s request to bring “ice, ganja and porul” into Singapore. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Agreed Bundle at pp 76 to 78.

He gave a detailed account of the events that occurred at Greenwich Drive on 6
January 2015. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Agreed Bundle at pp 80 to 86.

In Johor, Kumar placed a black plastic bag with the Five Bundles on the floor
board of the front passenger seat of Murugan’s cargo trailer and pushed it
under the seat. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Agreed Bundle at p 81.

Murugan then brought the Five Bundles into Singapore and delivered it to
Hisham at Greenwich Drive. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Agreed Bundle at p 79.

When Murugan met Hisham, Hisham entered Murugan’s cargo trailer and passed him
several bundles of cash. Hisham then retrieved the Five Bundles from under the
seat. Upon seeing that the black plastic bag was torn slightly, Murugan gave
Hisham a blue plastic bag in which to place the Five Bundles. Hisham then left
the cargo trailer. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Agreed Bundle at pp 85 to 86.

The parties’ cases

7 The Defence submitted that the Prosecution failed to prove beyond a
reasonable doubt that there was no inducement operating on Murugan when he
gave the Statements. SI Shafiq induced Murugan to give the Statements by
promising to bring Hisham to him if Murugan would give the Statements first or
admit to the offence. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

DWS1 at paras 23 to 25.

It was not surprising that Murugan would think that Hisham would come and
confirm that Murugan met Hisham only to collect money. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Defence’s reply submissions dated 14 June 2021 (“DWS2”) at para 16.

Since Murugan denied committing the offence in the Contemporaneous Statement
and the Cautioned Statement, there was no reason why Murugan should change his
position and admit to a death penalty offence. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

DWS1 at paras 9(a) and 108 to 109.

While SI Shafiq and Mr Ramanathan denied the existence of the Inducement,
their evidence was questionable. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

DWS1 at paras 27 and 110.

Since SI Shafiq and Mr Ramanathan did not keep any independent record of the
questions and answers asked during the taking of the Statements, there was no
objective corroborative evidence to support their evidence. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

DWS1 at para 111.

Given the state of the evidence at that point, the Defence submitted that SI
Shafiq would have been under “extreme pressure to record a positive statement”
to cement the case against Murugan. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

DWS1 at paras 89 to 90.

Finally, Murugan had been consistent regarding his request to see Hisham.
Murugan even told Dr Jaydip Sarkar (“Dr Sarkar”), one of the Prosecution’s
expert witnesses, that he would like to see Hisham even though he did not have
access to legal counsel at that point. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

DWS1 at paras 27(c) and 113; Agreed Bundle at p 305; DWS2 at paras 10 to 11.

8 In the alternative, the Defence submitted that the court should exercise its
exclusionary discretion, as set out in Muhammad bin Kadar and another v Public
Prosecutor [2011] 3 SLR 1205, to exclude the Statements on the basis that the
prejudicial effect of the Statements outweighed their probative value. This
was in consideration of the lack of independent record of the questions and
answers during the recording of the Statements by Mr Ramanathan, as well as
Murugan’s mild intellectual disability and impaired communication skills. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

DWS1 at paras to 117 to 126.

9 The Prosecution submitted that the Statements were voluntarily given by
Murugan and contained true confessions regarding Murugan’s role in respect of
the offence. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Prosecution’s written submissions dated 4 June 2021 (“PWS1”) at para 7.

SI Shafiq and Mr Ramanathan were clear and consistent in their account of the
recording of the Statements and there were no threat, inducement or promise
offered. There was no reason to doubt their credibility and the court should
accept their account over that of Murugan’s. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

PWS1 at para 24.

Murugan’s case rested solely upon his own “embellished and uncorroborated
testimony” of what transpired during the statement-recording process. His
evidence was either riddled with inconsistencies, plainly incredible or
illogical. Ultimately, his account of any inducement was a fabrication and an
afterthought. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

PWS1 at para 25.

10 Even assuming that the Inducement existed, the Inducement was not such that
it would be reasonable for Murugan to think that he would gain some advantage
or avoid any evil of a temporal nature. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

PWS1 at paras 53 to 58.

According to Murugan, SI Shafiq had also informed him that Hisham had
confessed that Murugan had given him drugs on three occasions. It was
intrinsically illogical for Murugan to have believed then that Hisham would
exonerate him. Instead, it must have been foremost in Murugan’s mind that
there was a high possibility of Hisham implicating him as the drug courier. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

PWS1 at para 55.

11 Finally, the Prosecution submitted that there was no reason that warranted
the court’s exercise of its exclusionary discretion. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

PWS1 at paras 59 to 61.

The Statements contained true confessions which Murugan voluntarily gave. He
did not suffer from any intellectual disability which affected his ability to
give a voluntary statement that was coherent and reliable. The expert evidence
relied upon by the Defence did not stand up to scrutiny. There was no question
of any prejudicial effect outweighing the probative value of the Statements.
The court should allow the Statements into evidence. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

PWS1 at para 61.

The law

12 I took guidance from the approach to disputes over admissibility of
statements set out by the Court of Appeal in Sulaiman bin Jumari v Public
Prosecutor [2021] 1 SLR 557 (“Sulaiman bin Jumari”) (at [54]) as follows:

(a) First, was the statement given voluntarily based on the requirements set
out in s 258(3) of the CPC?

(i) If the statement was involuntary due to an inducement, threat or promise
within the meaning of s 258(3) of the CPC, then it shall be excluded and that
is the end of the admissibility inquiry.

(ii) If the statement was voluntary, the enquiry proceeds to the second step.

(b) Second, even if the statement was voluntary, would the prejudicial effect
of the statement outweigh its probative value? This is a discretionary
exercise and the court’s foremost concern is in evaluating the reliability of
the statement in the light of the specific circumstances in which it was
recorded.

13 Section 258(3) of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed) (“CPC”)
states as follows:

(3) The court shall refuse to admit the statement of an accused or allow it to
be used in the manner referred to in subsection (1) if the making of the
statement appears to the court to have been caused by any inducement, threat
or promise having reference to the charge against the accused, proceeding from
a person in authority and sufficient, in the opinion of the court, to give the
accused grounds which would appear to him reasonable for supposing that by
making the statement he would gain any advantage or avoid any evil of a
temporal nature in reference to the proceedings against him.

[emphasis added]

14 The Prosecution bears the legal burden of proof to show beyond reasonable
doubt that the statement was given voluntarily (see Sulaiman bin Jumari at
[36]). The test of voluntariness is partly objective and partly subjective, as
explained by the Court of Appeal in Chia Chien Wei Kelvin v Public Prosecutor
[1998] 3 SLR(R) 619 (at [53]):

… The test of voluntariness is applied in a manner which is partly objective
and partly subjective. The objective limb is satisfied if there is a threat,
inducement or promise, and the subjective limb when the threat, inducement or
promise operates on the mind of the particular accused through hope of escape
or fear of punishment connected with the charge …

[emphasis added]

15 As stated in Sulaiman bin Jumari (at [39]–[40]), the first stage of the
inquiry considers objectively whether any inducement, threat or promise was
made. This entails a consideration of what might be gained or lost as well as
the degree of assurance. This is necessarily a fact-intensive inquiry. If the
alleged threat, inducement or promise is so vague or trivial in the
circumstances, it is unlikely to get past the objective standard at the first
stage. The second stage, which is the subjective limb, considers the effect of
the inducement, threat or promise on the mind of the accused person. The court
will consider all the circumstances, including the personality and experience
of the accused person, when it decides whether and how any inducement, threat
or promise has affected the accused person in the statement-taking process.

Issues to be determined

16 The main issue that arose for my determination was whether the Statements
were made voluntarily. In making this decision, the following subsidiary
issues will be dealt with:

(a) whether the Inducement was objectively made;

(b) if it was, what was the effect of the Inducement on Murugan’s mind in the
light of his intellectual and adaptive functioning; and

(c) whether the court should exercise its discretion to exclude the
Statements.

Whether the Inducement was objectively made

17 I turn first to whether the Inducement was objectively made. Murugan
testified that the first time he asked SI Shafiq to bring Hisham before him
was before the cautioned statement was given. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Transcript (27 February 2020) at pp 116 (lines 21 to 30) and 117 (lines 1 to
3).

SI Shafiq replied to him in Malay, “Yes, I will bring him. You give the
statement first.” 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Transcript (27 February 2020) at p 117 (lines 4 to 30).

Murugan said that he asked for Hisham to be brought before him before making
the first of the Statements. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Transcript (27 February 2020) at pp 98 (lines 2 to 31), 118 (lines 22 to 26).

SI Shafiq then said, “I would bring him. You give this statement and say as I
instruct”. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Transcript (27 February 2020) at p 118 (lines 27 to 31).

During the recording of the statement, SI Shafiq told Murugan that Hisham had
claimed that Murugan had passed Hisham the Five Bundles. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Transcript (28 February 2020) at p 37 (lines 15 to 26); Transcript (3 March
2020) at p 85 (lines 6 to 14); Transcript (1 September 2020) at pp 37 (lines 6
to 30), 38 (lines 1 to 4).

Murugan then told SI Shafiq to “[c]all [Hisham] up front and ask him. You ask
him and then you would know who [the Five Bundles] belongs to. The truth would
come out. Don’t say that I had handed it over to him. Call him here and ask
him”. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Transcript (28 February 2020) at p 37 (lines 15 to 26).

Murugan said that SI Shafiq “gave his word” and told him to admit to the Five
Bundles before SI Shafiq would bring Hisham to him. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Transcript (27 February 2020) at p 119 (lines 4 to 10).

Therefore, Murugan admitted it. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Transcript (27 February 2020) at p 119 (lines 11 to 21).

18 For the other six of the Statements, Murugan also requested that Hisham be
brought to him. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Transcript (27 February 2020) at pp 99 (lines 19 to 30), 100 (lines 1 to 8),
119 (lines 11 to 21).

Despite SI Shafiq having broken his promises to bring Hisham, Murugan said
that he still believed him and continued to give the rest of the Statements
because SI Shafiq constantly told him that he would bring Hisham after the
Statements were given. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Transcript (27 February 2020) at pp 123 (lines 12 to 31).

After the Statements had been given, SI Shafiq told him that he would bring
Hisham once Murugan was brought to cluster B2 of the prison. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Transcript (27 February 2020) at p 100 (lines 21 to 27).

Murugan only knew a year later that Hisham had passed away. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Transcript (27 February 2020) at pp 121 (lines 21 to 31).

19 However, SI Shafiq and Mr Ramanathan testified that Murugan did not make
any request for Hisham to be brought to him and there was no Inducement given.
38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Transcript (4 February 2020) at pp 103 (lines 26 to 30), 104 (lines 1 to 6);
Transcript (21 April 2021) at pp 12 (lines 1 to 30), 13 (lines 23 to 31), 14
(lines 1 to 7).

They maintained that no threat, inducement or promise was made during the
recording of the Statements. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Transcript (4 February 2020) at pp 8 (lines 11 to 13), 11 (lines 2 to 4), 13
(lines 27 to 29), 17 (lines 9 to 11), 19 (lines 21 to 23), 22 (lines 1 to 3),
25 (lines 6 to 8); Transcript (5 February 2020) at pp 7 (lines 21 to 23), 9 to
11.

SI Shafiq said that if Murugan had asked for Hisham to be produced, he would
have recorded the request in the Statements. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Transcript (21 April 2021) at p 86 (lines 26 to 31).

He said that it did not matter to him whether Murugan gave a positive or
negative statement and his role was simply to establish what had happened. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Transcript (21 April 2021) at pp 89 (lines 23 to 31), 90 (lines 4 to 6).

Similarly, Mr Ramanathan testified that his role as a freelance interpreter
was to act in Murugan’s interest and ensure that all that Murugan had told him
was recorded in the Statements. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Transcript (21 April 2021) at p 21 (lines 1 to 29).

20 After carefully considering the evidence before me, I was of the view that
the Defence had raised a reasonable doubt in the Prosecution’s case that no
such Inducement was made. First, it was significant that Murugan’s version of
events was corroborated by his reporting to Dr Sarkar at Changi Medical
Complex four months after the recording of the Statements. This was his
earliest opportunity to speak to someone who could, in his view, help him.
Murugan said that since Hisham was not brought to cluster B2 of the prison as
SI Shafiq said he would be, he asked for Dr Sarkar’s help to bring Hisham to
him. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Transcript (27 February 2020) at pp 100 (lines 22 to 31) and 101 (lines 1 to
20); DWS1 at para 26.

He told Dr Sarkar that he had been charged with the Five Bundles which
actually belonged to Hisham and that if Hisham were to be called and
questioned in Murugan’s presence, everyone would know who the Five Bundles
belonged to. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Transcript (27 February 2020) at pp 101 (lines 29 to 31) and 102 (lines 1 to
23).

21 This was confirmed by Dr Sarkar’s report dated 27 April 2015 (“Dr Sarkar’s
Report”) where he stated: 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Agreed Bundle at p 305.

Mental State Examination:

…

He said he feels like crying all the time but denied offers of medications to
help with mood and sleep problems. He denied any involvement in the drug
trafficking charges and said that he would like to be brought face to face
with [Hisham] who put drugs in my lorry and ask him “Please tell them that
this belongs to you, not me”.

[emphasis in original omitted]

As recorded in Dr Sarkar’s medical notes dated 13 April 2015, Murugan reported
that SI Shafiq told him that there was sufficient evidence against him. SI
Shafiq reportedly said that Murugan was lying when being interrogated. Murugan
denied all knowledge of the bundles. Murugan also stated that he wanted to
meet Hisham and ask him who the Five Bundles belonged to. He said that Hisham
had gotten him into trouble. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Jaydip Sarkar handwritten notes on S K Murugan dated 13 April 2015 (“1T-P31A”)
at pp 6 to 7.

I noted that at the material time, Murugan did not have legal advice and was
only assigned a lawyer under the Legal Assistance Scheme for Capital Offences
on or around 21 September 2015. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Transcript (23 February 2021) at p 1 (lines 22 to 32).

22 As can be seen from Murugan’s interview with Dr Sarkar, Murugan was still
preoccupied with the idea that Hisham could be the key to exonerating him even
after four months and without legal advice. While I accepted the Prosecution’s
point that Murugan did not explicitly tell Dr Sarkar that he had requested
that SI Shafiq bring Hisham to him or that SI Shafiq had reneged upon his
promise to bring Hisham to him, 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

PWS1 at paras 34 to 35.

this was still significant objective corroboration that Murugan was truly
preoccupied with the idea that Hisham would exonerate him. Between the
contrasting versions in which Murugan repeatedly asked for Hisham to be
brought to him or that he never asked for Hisham at all, Dr Sarkar’s records
indicated that it was more likely that the former was true.

23 I noted that Murugan was consistent about his belief that Hisham would
exonerate him. In Murugan’s interviews with the Defence’s medical experts
three years later, he repeated that he had requested that Hisham be brought to
him so that the truth could be revealed. In Dr Jacob Rajesh’s (“Dr Rajesh”)
report dated 27 January 2018 (“Dr Rajesh’s First Report”), it was noted that:
49

##### Foot Note 49

×

1TD1 at p 7.

… He asked the officers why they handcuffed him and he was told that he had
given some stuff (marundu/porul) to somebody. He then told the CNB officers
that he was innocent and that it was [Hisham] who had given him the stuff and
he had only collected money. [Murugan] asked the CNB officers to bring the
Malay guy to the lock up and check with him the truth so that he could be
proved innocent. Subsequently, Murugan came to know that Hisham had passed
away on the same day of the alleged offence after he was arrested and was very
upset that Hisham would not be able to testify anymore and prove his
innocence.

[emphasis in original omitted]

24 In Dr Rajesh’s report dated 9 December 2018 (“Dr Rajesh’s Second Report”),
it was noted that: 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

1TD1 at pp 49 to 50.

Mr Murugan also reported that he had told the investigating officer taking his
statements to bring [Hisham] to him and check with him about the truth of what
happened so that [Murugan’s] innocence could be proved. Mr Murugan reported
that the IO had told him to admit first and he would bring [Hisham] after
that. Mr Murugan was not aware at that time that [Hisham] had died in Changi
General Hospital the same day of his arrest (6th January 2015) and only came
to know of his death when his defence counsel from Trident had told him about
his death.

[emphasis in original]

While I considered the possibility that the self-reporting to Dr Rajesh might
have been strategic, given that it was made three years after Murugan’s arrest
and following legal advice, I was of the view that, in the light of his
earlier statement to Dr Sarkar, the self-reporting instead supported the
consistency of Murugan’s case that he did make repeated requests to SI Shafiq
to have Hisham brought to him.

25 I rejected the Prosecution’s submission that Murugan’s evidence could not
be believed because his evidence was contradictory. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

PWS1 at paras 42 to 52.

The Prosecution argued that Murugan had said in the First Trial that the
request for Hisham to be brought forward was only made once, while in the
present voir dire Murugan embellished his earlier account by stating that the
request was made repeatedly. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

PWS1 at para 45.

However, the Defence pointed out that Murugan had not been specifically asked
whether he had repeatedly made the request to see Hisham. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

DWS2 at para 13(a).

It had also not been specifically put to SI Shafiq that Murugan’s request for
Hisham to be brought to him was only made once. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

DWS2 at para 13(a).

Further, even assuming that there was an inconsistency between Murugan’s
evidence in the First Trial and in the present voir dire regarding the number
of times he made the request to see Hisham, 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

PWS1 at paras 45 and 48.

this did not mean that Murugan had fabricated the request for Hisham to be
brought to him ex post facto.

26 The Prosecution also argued that Murugan’s present account of when SI
Shafiq told him about Hisham’s alleged confession in Malay differed from his
account in the First Trial. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

PWS1 at para 47.

While Murugan said in the First Trial that SI Shafiq had told him before the
recording of the first of the Statements, he said in the present trial that
this was during the middle of the recording of the first and the last of the
Statements. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Agreed Bundle at p 639; Transcript (3 March 2020) at p 85 (lines 6 to 14);
Transcript (1 September 2020) at pp 37 (lines 6 to 30), 38 (lines 1 to 4).

When cross-examined on this point, Murugan candidly stated that “I had
mentioned this many times. However, I cannot remember when I had mentioned
this”. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Transcript (3 March 2020) at pp 85 (lines 15 to 31), 86 (Lines 1 to 6).

I accepted Murugan’s explanation. Given the length of time between the taking
of the Statements and the trial, Murugan’s inconsistency with regard to the
exact timing at which SI Shafiq had told him about Hisham’s alleged confession
did not undermine his credibility. As with many cases, the lapse of time may
cause memories to blur and fade which may result in discrepancies in evidence.
However, the courts must not lose sight of the wood for the trees but focus on
the essentials of the case (see Public Prosecutor v Gan Lim Soon [1993] 2
SLR(R) 67 at [7]).

27 Finally, the Prosecution also submitted that Murugan was inconsistent with
regard to the language used during the statement-taking process. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

PWS1 at para 50.

In the First Trial, Murugan did not dispute the fact that SI Shafiq’s
questions were asked in English and were then interpreted in Tamil by Mr
Ramanathan for Murugan, and Murugan’s replies were in Tamil and were then
interpreted in English for SI Shafiq. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

PWS1 at para 50.

However, in the present trial, Murugan said that he spoke in Malay directly to
SI Shafiq during most of the recording of the Statements. It was only when SI
Shafiq failed to understand his response in Malay that SI Shafiq would ask Mr
Ramanathan to clarify with Murugan in Tamil. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Transcript (3 March 2020) at pp 4 (lines 4 to 31), 5 (lines 8 to 22), 8 (lines
14 to 31), 9 (lines 1 to 27), 10 (lines 25 to 30), 11 (lines 1 to 17), 12
(lines 1 to 24).

In contrast, SI Shafiq said that there was no conversation in Malay. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Transcript (4 February 2020) at p 70 (lines 18 to 29).

The Defence submitted that SI Shafiq’s evidence in the First Trial was that he
“can’t recall” whether he spoke to Murugan in Malay before or after the
recording of the Cautioned Statement, and that his evidence was therefore
dubious. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

DWS1 at para 110.

Mr Ramanathan testified that throughout the recording of the Statements, there
was no conversation between Murugan and SI Shafiq in Malay. He claimed that if
SI Shafiq and Murugan were conversing in Malay, he would not have been
required and he would have left the room. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Transcript (21 April 2021) at pp 2 (lines 26 to 32), 3 (lines 1 to 21).

The Defence submitted that Mr Ramanathan did not appear to have an independent
recollection of the questions and answers given in the recording of the
Disputed Statements because his evidence was simply guided by the evidence
given in the previous trial. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

DWS1 at para 110; Transcript (21 April 2021) at p 39 (lines 16 to 26).

28 I noted that this discrepancy as to if and the extent to which Malay was
used in the statement-recording process was not directly relevant to whether
the Inducement was objectively made. At most, there was an implication on
Murugan’s credibility. I did not believe that the statement-recording process
was largely undertaken in Malay such that Mr Ramanathan hardly participated in
the process of interpretation from English to Tamil and vice versa. However, I
also had regard to the fact that Murugan chose to give his Contemporaneous
Statement exclusively in Malay and that there were some Malay words used in
the Statements themselves. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Transcript (6 February 2020) at p 81 (lines 12 to 19); Agreed Bundle at pp 85
to 86.

Further, Ms Sumathii d/o Regunathan (“Ms Sumathii”) and Ms Nithya Devi (“Ms
Nithya”), who were Murugan’s interpreters for the First Trial and Dr Rebecca
Giess’ (“Dr Giess”) medical examination respectively, gave evidence that
Murugan used Malay interspersed with Tamil in his answers during the medical
interviews. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Transcript (21 April 2021) at p 54 (lines 4 to 13); Transcript (4 May 2021) at
p 13 (lines 6 to 30).

Mr Raman Narayanan (“Mr Narayanan”), the interpreter for the Prosecution’s
medical experts, testified that Murugan “may have” used Malay words on and off
during the interview. Based on his experience, Malaysian Indians normally
speak in a mixture of Malay and Tamil words. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Transcript (4 May 2021) at p 42 (lines 14 to 19).

As such, I found it not improbable that Murugan did give the Statements in a
mix of Malay and Tamil. While his evidence that he spoke mostly in Malay
during the recording of the Statements might not have been entirely accurate,
I did not find this to be damaging to his credibility.

29 I did not consider Mr Ramanathan’s testimony to be of much support to the
Prosecution’s version of events. Mr Ramanathan testified to the effect that he
was guided by the evidence he had given in the First Trial. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Transcript (5 February 2020) at pp 21(lines 1 to 31), 22, (1 to 5), 23 (lines
2 to 19).

From his testimony, it was also clear that he had little recollection of the
peculiarities of the actual statement-taking process for the Statements in
question and his answers were largely based on his previous evidence and what
appears on the face of the Statements. It seemed that he assumed that nothing
occurred simply because there was no record of it. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Transcript (5 February 2020) at pp 17 (lines (21 to 26), 21 (lines 1 to 23),
22 (lines 1 to 31), 31 (lines 25 to 30), 32 (lines 1 to 14).

Additionally, there was no objective evidence to support his testimony since
he did not make any notes. In Azman bin Mohamed Sanwan v Public Prosecutor
[2012] 2 SLR 733 (at [25]), the Court of Appeal noted that “[a]ll interpreters
should independently keep meticulous notes of what transpires in the course of
their duties. This is a common-sense practice that ought to be observed by all
interpreters”. It was undisputed that Mr Ramanathan did not keep any
independent notes. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

PWS2 at para 36.

I accepted the Prosecution’s argument that this was a best practice and did
not involve writing out a transcript. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

PWS2 at paras 32 and 35.

Rather, it was only expected that interpreters take general notes regarding
any deviations from the expected course of the statement-taking process and,
in particular, whether any requests were made by the accused person. However,
this created a reasonable doubt because Mr Ramanathan might simply not have
remembered Murugan’s requests for Hisham to be brought to him.

30 Finally, it was crucial to note that Murugan denied committing the offences
in the Contemporaneous Statement and the Cautioned Statement. The first of the
Statements was taken only two days after those denials. Murugan suddenly
changed his tune and confessed with vivid detail the commission of the
offence. This was quite inexplicable, especially when Murugan was not arrested
with any drugs found on him or in the container truck that he was driving. I
found it difficult to believe the version of events given by SI Shafiq and Mr
Ramanathan in which Murugan never even raised a request to see Hisham at all.
SI Shafiq and Mr Ramanathan’s steadfast insistence that Murugan did not even
once ask for Hisham to be brought did not sit easily with this sudden change
of tune. In my view, the existence of the Inducement was a plausible
explanation of why Murugan would give the Statements which implicated himself.
The details and coherence of the Statements, as contrasted with the
Contemporaneous Statement and Cautioned Statement, also made it doubtful that
they were Murugan’s own words. As such, it was not implausible that SI Shafiq
made repeated assurances that Hisham would be brought to Murugan and this
induced him to give the Statements. I did not regard the Inducement to have
been trivial or vague in the circumstances. Thus, I found that the Defence had
raised a reasonable doubt in the Prosecution’s case that no Inducement
whatsoever had been objectively made. I go further to state that I accepted
the Defence’s contention that Murugan had made requests for Hisham to be
brought to him and SI Shafiq had basically told Murugan to give the Statements
first before he would bring Hisham.

The effect of the Inducement on Murugan’s mind in the light of his
intellectual and adaptive functioning

31 Having found that the first stage of the inquiry had been satisfied, I turn
to the second stage of the subjective effect of the Inducement on Murugan’s
mind in the light of his intellectual and adaptive functioning.

32 Much of the ancillary hearing was taken up by protracted cross- examination
of the various expert witnesses on the issue of whether Murugan had an
intellectual disability. While the Defence experts contended that Murugan had
mild intellectual disability, the Prosecution experts contended that he had no
intellectual disability.

33 Before turning to the analysis of the expert evidence, I noted the
principles relating to conflicting expert evidence. Where there is conflicting
expert evidence, it will not be the sheer number of experts articulating a
particular opinion or view that matters, but rather the consistency and logic
of the preferred evidence that is paramount. The court must sift, weigh and
evaluate the evidence in the context of the factual matrix and, in particular,
the objective facts. Content credibility, evidence of partiality, coherence
and a need to analyse the evidence in the context of established facts remain
vital considerations (see Sakthivel Punithavathi v Public Prosecutor [2007] 2
SLR(R) 983 (“Sakthivel Punithavathi”) at [75]–[76]).

34 In criminal cases, the legal or persuasive burden rests on and remains with
the Prosecution throughout the proceedings. The High Court, in Sakthivel
Punithavathi (at [77]) made the following astute observations:

If, in the final analysis, the court is unable to settle on a preferred view
the matter must be determined on the basis of the burden of proof; has a
reasonable doubt been raised? It would, however, be a legal heresy to suggest
that a reasonable doubt is inexorably raised in all cases where experts
differ. What nevertheless may plausibly be suggested is that genuine and
irreconcilable differences between experts of comparable standing and
credibility can create a reasonable doubt.

I agree with these observations. In difficult cases of conflicting expert
evidence, the matter must be determined by asking whether a reasonable doubt
has been raised. Where there are genuine and irreconcilable differences
between experts of comparable standing and credibility, this may create a
reasonable doubt.

The parties’ expert evidence

35 Under the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (“DSM-5”),
intellectual disability is a disorder with onset during the development period
that includes both intellectual and adaptive functioning deficits in
conceptual, social and practical domains. The following three criteria must be
met in order for a person to be diagnosed as being intellectually disabled: 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Agreed Bundle at p 305H25; Transcript (28 January 2020) at p 66 (lines 29 to
30).

(a) Criterion A (Intellectual Functioning) – Deficits in intellectual
functions, such as reasoning, problem solving, planning, abstract thinking,
judgment, academic learning, and learning from experience, confirmed by both
clinical assessment and individualised, standardised intelligence testing.

(b) Criterion B (Adaptive Functioning) – Deficits in adaptive functioning that
result in failure to meet developmental and socio-cultural standards for
personal independence and social responsibility. Without ongoing support, the
adaptive deficits limit functioning in one or more activities of daily life,
such as communication, social participation, and independent living, across
multiple environments, such as home, school, work, and community.

(c) Criterion C – Onset of intellectual and adaptive deficits during the
development period.

36 The diagnosis of intellectual disability is based on both clinical
assessment and standardised testing of intellectual and adaptive functions. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Agreed Bundle at p 305H29.

Standardised testing include the Wechsler Adult Intelligence Scale-IV (“WAIS-
IV”) and the Adaptive Behaviour Assessment System – Second Edition/Third
Edition (“ABAS-II” or “ABAS-III”) to determine an individual’s general
cognitive abilities and assess his adaptive functioning. Broadly, the WAIS-IV
is utilised for the assessment of Criterion A and the ABAS-II or ABAS-III is
utilised for the assessment of Criterion B.

37 The Prosecution’s expert witnesses included two clinical psychologists, Dr
Patricia Yap (“Dr Yap”) and Dr Giess, and a psychiatrist, Dr Sarkar. In Dr
Sarkar’s Report, Dr Sarkar opined that Murugan did not suffer any intellectual
disability at the time of the offence. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Agreed Bundle at p 305.

He relied on Dr Yap’s psychology report dated 28 April 2015 (“Dr Yap’s
Report”) amongst others. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Agreed Bundle at pp 303 and 305A1 to 305A9.

After administering the WAIS-IV and the ABAS-II, Dr Yap noted that Murugan’s
cognitive functioning had not been significantly compromised. Murugan did not
have significant memory deficits and did not fulfil the criteria for
intellectual disability. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Agreed Bundle at pp 305A4 to 305A9.

38 The Defence’s expert witnesses included a psychiatrist, Dr Rajesh, and a
clinical psychologist, Mr S C Anbarasu (“Mr Anbarasu”). Dr Rajesh prepared Dr
Rajesh’s First Report for the First Trial. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Defence’s medical experts’ reports marked 1TD1 (“1TD1”) at pp 1 to 11.

In diagnosing Murugan with mild intellectual disability at the time of the
offence, Dr Rajesh relied on, amongst other things, the results of Dr Giess’
report dated 21 January 2018 (“Dr Giess’ Report”), which indicated significant
impairments in Murugan’s intellectual and adaptive functioning. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

1TD1 at pp 3, 9 to 10.

For the present retrial, Dr Rajesh’s Second Report was prepared in which Dr
Rajesh opined that Murugan fulfilled the criteria for mild intellectual
disability. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

1TD1 at pp 42 to 54.

He relied on Mr Anbarasu’s report dated 4 November 2019 (“Mr Anbarasu’s
Report”). 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

1TD1 at p 44.

Mr Anbarasu also administered the WAIS-IV and ABAS-III. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

1TD1 at p 35.

He noted that the poor results of Murugan’s cognitive and adaptive functioning
assessments suggested the presence of intellectual disability since his
developmental periods. Murugan fulfilled the criteria for intellectual
disability. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

1TD1 at p 37.

Analysis

39 At the outset, I found that the expert witnesses offered by both the
Prosecution and the Defence had relevant credentials and comparable
experience. There was no suggestion by either party that there was a
discernible gap in credentials or experience such that more weight should be
accorded to a particular expert.

40 In these grounds of decision, it was not necessary for me to make a
definitive ruling on whether Murugan was mildly intellectually disabled to
conclude on the voluntariness of the Statements. While the parties submitted
extensively on that question, what was crucial to this voir dire was to
examine the effect of the Inducement on Murugan’s subjective mind in the light
of his intellectual and adaptive functioning. After careful consideration of
the expert evidence offered by both the Prosecution and the Defence, I was
satisfied that the genuine differences between the experts raised a reasonable
doubt as to the proposition that Murugan had no deficits in intellectual and
adaptive functioning. On the contrary, I found that the evidence showed that
Murugan had some deficits in his intellectual and adaptive functioning.

Criterion A

41 Preliminarily, there was a dispute over whether a person must score in the
“extremely low” range for all three indices of the WAIS-IV for which Murugan
was tested – ie the perceptual reasoning index (“PRI”), processing speed index
(“PSI”) and working memory index (“WMI”) 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

Agreed Bundle at p 305A4.

– in order to satisfy Criterion A. I noted that there was another index, the
verbal comprehension index (“VCI”), the test which was not conducted by the
psychologists (save for Dr Giess) because of Murugan’s lack of English
knowledge and poor vocabulary. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

Transcript (19 February 2021) at p 83 (lines 4 to 10).

Therefore, a Full Scale Intelligent Quotient score, an overall measure of
intelligence, was not successfully obtained. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

Agreed Bundle at p 305A4.

42 Mr Anbarasu gave evidence that even if the scores for two out of three
indices were in the “extremely low” range and the score for another test, the
Standard Progressive Matrices test (“SPM”), was minimally in the fourth
percentile, Criterion A was satisfied. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

Transcript (16 February 2021) at p 57 (lines 2 to 8).

The Prosecution submitted that Dr Yap’s view was that scoring in the
“extremely low” range for the three WAIS-IV indices was a requirement to
satisfy Criterion A. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

PWS1 at paras 116 and 132; Prosecution’s reply submissions dated 14 June 2021
(“PWS2”) at para 64.

During the hearing, the Prosecution stated that their understanding of Dr
Yap’s evidence was that one would need to score in the “extremely low range”
for each index for one to be sure that Criterion A was satisfied. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

Transcript (19 February 2021) at pp 86 (lines 25 to 31) and 87 (line 1).

It is true that Dr Yap testified that Murugan did not satisfy Criterion A
because his highest score was in the low average. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

Transcript (28 February 2020) at p 67 (lines 10 to 23).

However, Dr Yap did not explicitly state that the scoring of “extremely low”
range in all three indices was a strict requirement. While the Prosecution
submitted that no authority or literature was adduced by Mr Anbarasu to
support his position, 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

DWS1 at para 133.

there was also no authority or literature produced to support their view that
it was a strict requirement as well. Thus, I preferred Mr Anbarasu’s position
which I considered to be a more flexible approach.

43 The results of the WAIS-IV as administered by Dr Giess, Dr Yap and Mr
Anbarasu were as follows:

WAIS-IV Constituents| Dr Giess’ Report 92

##### Foot Note 92

× Dr Rebecca Giess’ report dated 21 January 2018 (“1TP2”) at p 4.  | Dr Yap’s Report 93

##### Foot Note 93

× Agreed Bundle at p 305A4.  | Mr Anbarasu’s Report 94

##### Foot Note 94

× 1TD1 at p 38.  
---|---|---|---  
PRI| Fourth percentile (Borderline)| Index score of 81 (Low average)| Index
score of 73 (Borderline)  
PSI | Fourth percentile (Borderline)| Index score of 68 (Extremely low)| Index score of 62 (Extremely low)  
WMI| First percentile (Extremely low)| Index score of 71 (Borderline)| Index
score of 66 (Extremely low)  
  
44 I set out a graph showing the relationship between the index scores and the
qualitative descriptions (ie, extremely low, borderline, low average, average,
high average, superior, very superior) for the WAIS-IV indices as agreed
between the parties below: 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

Agreed Bundle at p 305E.

![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)

45 After carefully considering the evidence offered by both parties, I found
that Murugan’s intellectual functioning had deficits. From the psychometric
test results, I observed that there were consistently low findings obtained
for Murugan’s PSI and WMI. For WMI, Dr Giess and Mr Anbarasu both obtained a
result in the extremely low range. Dr Yap obtained an index score of 71 which
was in the borderline range. Dr Rajesh opined that apart from the index score
obtained, it was also necessary to consider the 95% confidence interval. For
Dr Yap’s index score of 71, the confidence interval range straddled between 66
and 80. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

Agreed Bundle at p 305A4.

This meant that there was a 95% probability that the true score lay between 66
and 80. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

Transcript (19 February 2021) at pp 83 (lines 11 to 31), 84 (lines 1 to 6 and
23 to 31) and 85 (lines 1 to 11).

Hence, Dr Rajesh commented that he considered Dr Yap’s score of 71 to straddle
“extremely low” and “borderline”. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

Transcript (19 February 2021) at p 86 (lines 11 to 20).

In Dr Yap’s view, the most accurate score within the confidence interval was
actually the obtained score. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

Transcript (20 April 2021) at p 3 (lines 15 to 26).

While it was logical that the obtained score is often the most accurate score,
the fact that the tests provided for a confidence interval showed that it was
possible for the true score to range slightly higher or slightly lower. Even
Dr Yap accepted that with a WMI of 71, Murugan scored within the range which
qualified Murugan to be considered intellectually disabled. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

Transcript (31 January 2020) at pp 170 (lines 29 to 31), 171 (lines 1 to 6).

Looking at Dr Yap’s result in the context of Mr Anbarasu and Dr Giess’
results, I accepted that it was fair to consider Murugan’s WMI to be in the
extremely low range, which showed substantial deficit in his working memory.

46 For the PSI, Dr Yap and Mr Ambarasu both obtained results in the extremely
low range. Dr Giess obtained a result that placed Murugan in the borderline
range. However, given that Dr Giess did not record an index score, I took this
to be neutral because the borderline range could span from a score of 70 to
80. Since Mr Ambarasu’s score of 62 and Dr Yap’s score of 68 were both
comfortably within the extremely low range, I found that Murugan’s PSI could
fairly be said to be in the extremely low range as well and showed substantial
deficit in his processing speed.

47 For the PRI, Dr Giess and Mr Ambarasu both placed Murugan in the borderline
category. Dr Yap placed Murugan in the low average category with an index
score of 81. Mr Ambarasu gave Murugan an index score of 73. Given the above, I
found that Murugan was not in the extremely low category. Any deficit in his
perceptual reasoning was not as substantial as his deficits in working memory
and processing speed.

48 Aside from the WAIS-IV, I found that the results of additional tests
conducted corroborated the fact that Murugan’s intellectual functioning had
substantial deficits. Given that the WAIS-IV was not a full assessment as it
was conducted without the VCI, Mr Anbarasu also administered the SPM which
assessed intelligence through abstract reasoning tests. He found that Murugan
performed at the intellectually impaired level, with scores below the fourth
percentile of his age group. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

Transcript (3 September 2020) at pp 12 (lines 27 to 31) to 13 (lines 1 to 16);
1TD1 at p 35.

Dr Giess had also conducted two additional tests, the similarities (verbal
reasoning) component under the VCI and the Raven Progressive Matrices (“RPM”),
a non-verbal measure of intellectual functioning. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

1TP2 at pp 5 to 6.

While Dr Giess also acknowledged that the VCI could not be administered due to
language limitations, she administered the similarities (verbal reasoning)
test through Ms Nithya’s Tamil interpretation for qualitative purposes only
and noted that Murugan demonstrated an inability to learn basic categorisation
in teaching items. For the RPM, Murugan scored extremely low, getting only 37%
of the answers correct, which was similar to the normal performance of
children aged between seven and a half to nine. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

1TP2 at pp 5 to 6.

This was below the third percentile and was consistent with at least a mild
intellectual disability. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

1TO2 at p 7.

49 Turning to the clinical assessment, Dr Sarkar took the view that Criterion
A was not satisfied based on Dr Yap’s scores and his assessment of the kind of
life Murugan was living. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

DWS1 at para 116; Transcript (22 April 2020) at pp 78 (lines 27 to 30) and 79
(lines 1 to 8).

While he was illiterate, he lived a reasonably normal life. He had an
extensive circle of friends and a marriage of over 20 years. He had not been
fired for incompetence. He was reliable in picking up large bundles of money
and giving it to the right person. He was trusted not to steal the money even
though he was in somewhat an impecunious condition. His ability to move from
one country to another and find routes despite not being able to read anything
demonstrated his cognition and ability to plan. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

Transcript (30 January 2020) at pp 98 (lines 2 to 31) and 99 (lines 1 to 19).

However, in Dr Sarkar’s Report, it was observed that “[h]e seemed to struggle
to comprehend questions and took a long time in providing answers although his
speech was relevant, even though a little bit disjointed”. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

Agreed Bundle at p 305.

50 In contrast, Dr Rajesh took the view that Criterion A was satisfied based
on Mr Anbarasu’s scores and his assessment of Murugan’s “very simple”
answering as shown by the limited vocabulary, type of words used and lack of
complexity of the sentences. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

Transcript (19 February 2021) at pp 56 (lines 19 to 29), 58 (lines 8 to 27)
and 76 (lines 12 to 23).

He also considered that Murugan had deficits in judgment, learning from
experience, reasoning, abstract thinking and problem solving. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

Transcript (19 February 2021) at p 58 (lines 1 to 7); 1TD10.

In Dr Rajesh’s First Report, Dr Rajesh observed that Murugan’s reaction time
to questions was prolonged, and that Murugan had difficulty comprehending
questions even though the questions asked were in Tamil. While his speech was
relevant for most parts, it would be disjointed occasionally. He had
difficulties remembering dates, impairment in short term memory and an
inability to recall significant events such as the dates of his previous
imprisonments. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

1TD1 at p 8.

In Dr Rajesh’s Second Report, when commenting on Murugan’s fitness to stand
trial, Dr Rajesh noted that questions asked of Murugan should be put to him in
a slow and simple manner, framed in simple language while avoiding technical
terms and giving enough time to answer. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

1TD1 at p 54.

Since some of the answers given by Murugan were irrelevant at times, Dr Rajesh
had to ask questions in different ways without prompting. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

Transcript (19 February 2021) at p 77 (lines 1 to 19).

51 In the round, I was of the view that the clinical assessments of Murugan
did not detract from my finding that Murugan had substantial intellectual
deficits. While he was able to have a job and a family, this did not mean that
he did not have intellectual deficits or did not face difficulties in his job
or life. To the contrary, the evidence detailed above showed that there were
substantial deficits in Murugan’s intellectual functioning, at least with
respect to his processing speed and working memory.

Criterion B

52 Criterion B, adaptive functioning, involves adaptive reasoning in three
domains: 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

Agreed Bundle at p 305H29.

(a) Conceptual domain: competence in memory, language, reading, writing, math
reasoning, acquisition of practical knowledge, problem solving, and judgment
in novel situations amongst others.

(b) Social domain: awareness of others’ thoughts, feelings and experiences,
empathy, interpersonal communication skills, friendship abilities, and social
judgment amongst others.

(c) Practical domain: learning and self-management across life settings,
including personal care, job responsibilities, money management, recreation,
self-management of behaviour, and school and work task organisation among
others.

53 According to Dr Rajesh, Criterion B was met when at least one of the three
domains of adaptive functioning was sufficiently impaired that ongoing support
was needed in order for the person to perform adequately in one or more life
settings at school, at work, at home or in the community. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

Transcript (22 February 2021) at p 68 (lines 26 to 29); Agreed Bundle at p
305H30.

Similar to Criterion A on intellectual functioning, Dr Rajesh said that
Criterion B was determined from the ABAS-II and ABAS-III scores as well as
clinical assessment. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

Transcript (22 February 2021) at p 62 (lines 5 to 12).

The Defence submitted that while Murugan was impaired in all the domains, the
main impairment lay in the conceptual domain. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

Transcript (22 February 2021) at p 68 (lines 15 to 20); Transcript (16
February 2021) at p 193 (lines 6 to 28).

The Prosecution submitted that Criterion B was not met because Murugan’s ABAS-
II scores ranged from above average to extremely low, and he was able to get
married, have five children, a circle of friends and gainful employment. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

DWS1 at para 116.

54 The results of the ABAS-II/ABAS-III tests as administered by Dr Giess, Dr
Yap and Mr Anbarasu were as follows:

ABAS-II/ ABAS-III Constituents| Dr Giess’ Report 118

##### Foot Note 118

× 1TP2 at p 6.  | Dr Yap’s Report 119

##### Foot Note 119

× Agreed Bundle at pp 305A4 to 305A5.  | Mr Anbarasu’s Report 120

##### Foot Note 120

× 1TD1 at pp 35 to 36 and 38 to 39.  
---|---|---|---  
Rated by wife| Self-reported| Self-reported  
Conceptual domain| Self-direction| Second percentile (Extremely low)| 13
(Above average)| 2 (Extremely low)  
Communication| 0.1 percentile (Extremely low)| 7 (Below average)| 1 (Extremely
low)  
Functional academics| 0.1 percentile (Extremely low)| 2 (Extremely low)| 1
(Extremely low)  
Social domain| Leisure| 0.1 percentile (Extremely low)| 6 (Below average)| 2
(Extremely low)  
Social | 0.1 percentile (Extremely low)| 13 (Above average)| 2 (Extremely low)  
Practical domain| Community use| First percentile(Extremely low)| 9 (Average)|
4 (Low)  
Home living| 0.1 percentile (Extremely low)| 4 (Borderline)| 1 (Extremely low)  
Health and safety| 0.1 percentile (Extremely low)| 8 (Average)| 2 (Extremely
low)  
Self-care| 0.1 percentile (Extremely low)| 12 (Average)| 3 (Extremely low)  
Work| First percentile (Extremely low)| 9 (Average)| NA  
  
55 The conceptual domain was the main impairment relied upon by the Defence. I
would now examine this. For the functional academics component, all the
experts agreed that Murugan scored in the “extremely low” range. I noted that
this was consistent with the academic difficulties that Murugan faced during
his school days. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

Transcript (22 February 2021) at p 71 (lines 1 to 16).

56 For the self-direction component, Dr Giess and Mr Anbarasu scored Murugan
in the “extremely low” range but Dr Yap scored Murugan in the “above average”
range. While I accepted that the evidence showed Murugan had some degree of
self-direction, since he could find and change jobs and withdraw from people
that engaged in politics in prison, Murugan did rely on support from external
parties as well. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

Transcript (24 February 2021) at pp 94 (lines 18 to 3), 95 (lines 1 to 7);
Transcript (22 February 2021) at p 35 (lines 1 to 20); Transcript (25 February
2021) at pp 88 (lines 11 to 31), 89 (lines 1 to 15).

57 For the communication component, Dr Giess and Mr Anbarasu scored Murugan in
the “extremely low” range but Dr Yap scored Murugan in the “below average”
range. I noted that there was a plethora of objective evidence corroborating
that Murugan had significant impairment in his communication skills. As
mentioned above at [49]–[50], both Dr Sarkar and Dr Rajesh noted that
Murugan’s speech would be disjointed occasionally and that he had difficulties
comprehending questions. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

1TD1 at p 8.

Disjointed speech, in psychiatric terms, means that the words can be made out
but are not relevant to the question asked. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

Transcript (19 February 2021) at pp 76 (lines 26 to 31) to 77 (lines 1 to 9).

In Dr Giess’ Report, she observed that Murugan “took considerable time to
grasp basic concepts and follow simple instructions, requiring additional
time, or often running out of time on time-limited tasks, and needed
repetition throughout testing”. She noted that he exhibited slower processing
and significant difficulty with verbal fluency and following the rules. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

1TP2 at pp 6 to 7.

58 Dr Yap noted that Murugan’s receptive and expressive language skills were
good and that he was able to understand test instructions without needing
extra explanation. Sometimes, he could even understand what was needed of him
even before the instructions were completed. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

Agreed Bundle at p 305A3.

However, she also noted that he was unable to communicate in a complex manner.
127

##### Foot Note 127

×

Agreed Bundle at p 305A5.

The interpreter for Dr Yap’s medical interview, Mr Narayanan, testified that
Murugan might have asked certain questions for clarifications during the
interviews. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

Transcript (4 May 2021) at p 41 (lines 3 to 14).

59 The testimony of the court interpreter, Mdm Santha Devi (“Mdm Santha”), who
did the interpretation for Murugan in the present trial also corroborated the
majority of the evidence that Murugan had impairment in his communication
skills. She testified that she had to pause a lot so that Murugan could
understand what was being asked. The way in which she interpreted for Murugan
was quite different from how she would interpret for other accused persons.
She said that given her 25 years of experience, she was quite sensitive to
when people did not understand the questions posed and she would have to wait
an appropriate time before following up. On occasion, Murugan’s responses were
not connected to the questions asked. She also would have to simplify the
translation for Murugan which was quite taxing for her. 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

Transcript (24 February 2021) at pp 103 (lines 28 to 33), 104 (lines 1 to 32),
106 (lines 24 to 32), 108, 109 (lines 1 to 8).

60 Similarly, Ms Sumathii testified that it took “a little bit more effort to
explain even simple terms to the said accused” and that she would try her best
to simplify what had been stated in the questions in English when she
interpreted for Murugan in court. She was asked to repeat the questions a
number of times. However, she did mention that this was rather common with
other accused persons as well. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

Transcript (21 April 2021) at pp 53 (lines 15 to 32) and 54 (lines 1 to 13).

Ms Nithya, who had previously acted as an interpreter for Murugan also gave
evidence that Murugan required more repetition and that she would have to
repeat certain instructions a number of times or say them in a different way
for Murugan to understand. 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

Transcript (4 May 2021) at pp 8 (lines 22 to 30) and 9 (lines 1 to 13).

61 In contrast, Mr Ramanathan gave evidence that he had no difficulties
understanding Murugan and that Murugan understood all the questions and
replied accordingly. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

Transcript (21 April 2021) at p 18 (lines 1 to 13).

This stood in isolation as compared to the rest of the evidence given by the
other interpreters. On the totality of the evidence of the medical experts and
interpreters, it seemed necessary that Murugan needed additional support in
terms of communication at least.

62 I also noted that Mr Anbarasu and Dr Giess did other tests which showed
deficits in Murugan’s executive functioning. In the D-KEFS Trail Making Test
administered by Mr Anbarasu, which consisted of a visual cancellation task and
a series of connect-the-circle tasks, Murugan performed poorly in all of them.
This indicated that he had difficulties in thinking, visual scanning and motor
speed. In the D-KEFS Verbal Fluency Test, Category Fluency and Category
Switching, which measured his ability to generate words from overlearned
concepts and simultaneously switch between overlearned concepts, Murugan
scored in the borderline range. Mr Anbarasu noted that this showed challenges
in the flexibility of his thinking. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

1TD1 at p 37.

Dr Giess also administered the D-KEFS Planning, Self-Monitoring and Problem
Solving (Tower Test), in which Murugan scored in the “extremely low” range; it
was noted that he had “significant difficulty following rules appropriately”.
For the D-KEFS Verbal Fluency Test, Category Fluency and Category Switching
administered by Dr Giess, Murugan scored in the “borderline” and “extremely
low” categories. 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

1TP2 at pp 5 and 6.

63 Dr Yap did not administer the D-KEFS tests but conducted other tests to
measure Murugan’s executive functioning. She administered tests such as the
Wisconsin Card Sorting Test (“WCST”) and WAIS-IV Block Design subtest, which
were to assess Murugan’s problem solving abilities, and the Colour Trails
Tests (“CTT”), which was to assess his ability to set-shift and divide
attention. For Part 1 of the CTT, Murugan performed within the moderately
impaired range of function, which showed his slow processing speed and lack of
impulsivity. For Part 2 of the CTT, Murugan’s scores were within the average
range. For the WCST, Murugan’s problem-solving abilities were within the
impaired range. However, his performance with the WAIS-IV Block Design subtest
placed him within the low average range. Dr Yap opined that this could be due
to the clarity of the instructions for both tests. She also administered the
Animal Fluency test to evaluate Murugan’s spontaneous production of words of a
given class and noted no impairment in his performance. As such, she concluded
that evidence of impairment in his executive functioning was weak. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

Agreed Bundle at pp 305A3, 305A7 to 305A8.

64 Considering the totality of the evidence above, I found that Murugan did
have significant impairments in the conceptual domain of adaptive functioning
and specifically had difficulties in communication skills. Since Criterion B
did not require more than one of the three domains to be significantly
impaired, I did not find it necessary to go further to determine Murugan’s
performance in the social and practical domains.

Criterion C

65 Criterion C, onset during the development period, refers to recognition
that intellectual and adaptive deficits were present during childhood or
adolescence. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

Agreed Bundle at p 305H30.

The Prosecution submitted that Criterion C was not met because there were no
evidence of any developmental delays when Murugan was young and Murugan
reported that his mother never told him that he had any developmental delay.
There was no evidence from Murugan’s family members noticing that Murugan was
slow to walk or talk or that he required more assistance and care from an
early age. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

DWS1 at para 116.

66 The Defence submitted that while Dr Yap and Dr Sarkar had not considered
the satisfaction of Criterion C, Dr Giess, Dr Rajesh and Mr Anbarasu all
opined that Murugan satisfied Criterion C. 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

DWS2 at paras 42(c) and 80.

In Dr Giess’ Report, she observed that Murugan’s cognitive difficulties were
evident in his developmental period, consistent with his self-reported
education and work history. 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

1TP2 at p 7.

She testified that she came to this assessment based on Murugan’s Grade 6
level education, the fact that he was second last in class and his illiteracy.
140

##### Foot Note 140

×

Transcript (28 January 2020) at pp 102 (lines 1 to 27) and 103 (lines 14 to
17).

In Dr Giess’ report, she noted that Murugan also had long-standing
difficulties with his memory and conversing with people since his younger
years. 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

1TP2 at p 2.

67 Mr Anbarasu also noted that the poor results of Murugan’s cognitive
assessments and his adaptive functioning suggested the presence of
intellectual disability since his developmental periods. 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

1TD1 at p 37.

Dr Rajesh gave evidence that persons with mild intellectual disability would
usually exhibit normal developmental milestones. However, Murugan’s academic
difficulties from Grade 1 to Grade 6 in Malaysia, his failures in all his
classes, the final dropping out and his persistent difficulties with
calculations and memories suggested that onset for him was in the
developmental period. 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

Transcript (22 February 2021) at p 71 (lines 1 to 16).

68 I noted that the reasons that the Defence’s medical experts cited for
Murugan’s satisfaction of Criterion C seemed to be predicated upon his
academic difficulties and they seemed to rely on limited information in coming
to their assessment. However, I considered that it was possible that the onset
of his intellectual and adaptive deficits was from his developmental years. In
any case, given that there was little utility in deciding on whether Criterion
C was satisfied since it was not necessary for me to make a definitive ruling
on whether Murugan has mild intellectual disability, nothing more needed to be
said on this.

69 In sum, after considering the expert evidence proffered by the parties, I
was satisfied that Murugan had some deficits in his intellectual and adaptive
functioning.

The effect of the Inducement on Murugan’s mind

70 I turn now to address the effect of the Inducement on Murugan’s mind. The
Prosecution submitted that, even if SI Shafiq offered the Inducement to
Murugan, it was insufficient to give Murugan any reasonable grounds for
supposing that Murugan would gain any advantage or avoid any evil of a
temporal nature by giving the Statements. The Prosecution further argued that
Murugan’s case that he wanted Hisham to be produced before him so that he
could be exonerated from the Charge was intrinsically illogical. There was no
basis for Murugan to believe that Hisham would exonerate him when SI Shafiq
allegedly informed Murugan that Hisham had confessed to Murugan giving Hisham
drugs on three occasions. At that point, it must have been foremost in
Murugan’s mind that there was a high possibility of Hisham implicating him as
the drug courier. In any event, it did not follow that SI Shafiq would have
released Murugan even if Hisham was brought and said that the Five Bundles
belonged to Hisham. On Murugan’s own case, Hisham had already incriminated
Murugan. Therefore, Murugan could not have perceived any advantage to be
gained from having Hisham brought to him. 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

PWS1 at paras 53 to 58.

71 The Defence submitted that Murugan believed that if Hisham was brought to
him, Hisham would say that Murugan did not hand the Five Bundles to him. In
Murugan’s mind, his operative belief was that if Hisham came and said that,
Murugan would be exonerated of the Charge. This belief was not devoid of
reason since all Murugan thought was that Hisham would admit that the Five
Bundles were his and that Murugan did not hand the bundles over to Hisham. 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

DWS1 at paras 114 to 116.

Murugan’s thought that Hisham would tell the alleged truth when he was brought
face to face with Murugan was not ludicrous. In the Contemporaneous Statement,
Murugan said that he only collected $13,000 from Hisham and did not pass
Hisham anything. It was not ridiculous for Murugan to believe that the Hisham
would come and confirm his version of events. 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

DWS2 at paras 14 to 16.

72 After considering the submissions made by the parties, I found that the
Inducement gave Murugan reasonable grounds to suppose that by making the
Statements, he would gain an advantage in reference to the proceedings against
him.

73 Most crucially, Murugan was not found with the Five Bundles. As the Defence
pointed out, his request to see Hisham in order for Hisham to clarify that the
Five Bundles belonged to him (ie Hisham) was consistent with Murugan’s version
of events in the Contemporaneous Statement and Cautioned Statement. While
Murugan said that he was told that Hisham had allegedly told SI Shafiq that
Murugan had given Hisham drugs on three occasions, 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

Transcript (3 March 2020) at p 92 (lines 13 to 30).

it was clear that Murugan disbelieved that version of events and wanted to
confront Hisham in person. It was not unreasonable for Murugan to have
subjectively believed that Hisham would corroborate Murugan’s version of
events upon direct confrontation. Murugan’s operative belief was that if
Hisham testified that Murugan had only passed $13,000 to him and not passed
him the Five Bundles, the evidential basis of the Charge would be undermined.
Since the test was a subjective one, it was irrelevant whether this would
objectively be a likely result. While the Prosecution contended that there was
a high probability that Hisham would implicate Murugan instead, I did not
accept that this had any bearing on his subjective state of mind. Given
Murugan’s substantial deficits in intellectual functioning, I found it
difficult to reject outright the plausibility of Murugan harbouring a
subjective belief that Hisham would corroborate his defence and that this
would be an advantage to his defence.

74 I also considered the fact that Murugan told Dr Sarkar that SI Shafiq
reportedly said that Murugan was lying (at [21] above). This provided
objective corroboration that Murugan was of the belief that SI Shafiq would
not believe Murugan’s denials no matter what he said. As such, he could well
have thought that his best chance of exonerating himself was to give SI Shafiq
what he wanted so that Hisham could be brought to him. If Hisham had told SI
Shafiq that the Five Bundles belonged to him and/or that Murugan had not
passed him the Five Bundles, Murugan’s defence would be likely to succeed.
Since the Inducement was SI Shafiq’s promise to bring Hisham to him, Murugan
agreed to go along with SI Shafiq and make the confessions in the Statements.
To his mind, this was the best chance of exonerating himself. While one could
argue that this was objectively not a wise or logical decision, the inquiry
must be conducted in the light of Murugan’s specific intellectual functioning.
Murugan’s substantial deficits in working memory and processing speed also
explained why little weight should be given to his affirmation as to the
accuracy of the Statements after Mr Ramanathan had read the Statements to him.

75 As such, I accepted that in all the circumstances of the case, including
the presence of certain intellectual deficits, the Inducement gave Murugan
reasonable grounds in his mind to suppose that there would be an advantage to
him with respect to the Charge which induced him to make the Statements. I
found that the Prosecution failed to prove beyond a reasonable doubt that the
Statements were made voluntarily.

Whether the court should exercise its exclusionary discretion to exclude the
Statements

76 In the light of my findings above, the issue as to whether the court should
exercise its exclusionary discretion to exclude the Statements is moot. I say
no more on this.

Conclusion

77 In the circumstances, I held that the Statements were made involuntarily
and should not be admitted into evidence.

Chan Seng Onn  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
April Phang Suet Fern, Rimplejit Kaur and Keith Jieren Thirumaran (Attorney-
General’s Chambers) for the Prosecution;

Thangavelu (Trident Law Corporation), Jerrie Tan Qiu Lin (K&L Gates Straits
Law LLC) and Balakrishnan Chitra (Regency Legal LLP) for the accused.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 30 Jul 2021 (10:53 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

