Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the court of APPEAL OF the republic of singapore

[2021] SGCA 21

Civil Appeal No 78 of 2020

Between

Ong Han Nam  
---  
  
… Appellant

And

Borneo Ventures Pte. Ltd.  
---  
  
… Respondent

In the matter of Suit 1268 of 2016

Between

Borneo Ventures Pte. Ltd.  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

Ong Han Nam  
---  
  
… Defendant

JUDGMENT

[Contract] — [Contractual terms] — [Warranties]

[Res Judicata] — [Issue estoppel]

[Res Judicata] — [Extended doctrine of res judicata]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Ong Han Nam

  
v

  

Borneo Ventures Pte Ltd

[2021] SGCA 21

Court of Appeal — Civil Appeal No 78 of 2020  
Judith Prakash JCA, Chao Hick Tin SJ, Belinda Ang JAD  
24 November 2020

8 March 2021

Chao Hick Tin SJ (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 The core of this dispute centres on a plot of land of approximately 1.459
acres (“the Subject Land”). 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Record of Appeal (“ROA”) Vol. 5 Part 1, p 262 – Sale & Purchase Agreement for
Sub-Divided Lot of TL017544875.

It is part of a larger piece of land situated in the Sembulan District, Kota
Kinabalu, Sabah, spanning an area of about 95.58 hectares (238.63 acres) with
title number 017544875 (“the Sembulan Land”). The leasehold interest in the
Sembulan Land is vested in Sutera Harbour Golf and Country Club (“SHGCC”). In
March 2014, the ownership of the ultimate parent company of SHGCC, Sutera
Harbour Group Sdn Bhd (“SH Group”), 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

ROA Vol. 3 Part 9, p 143 - Ong Han Nam’s Affidavit-Evidence-In-Chief (“Ong’s
AEIC”) – Exhibit 43: Title Deed for the Sembulan Land.

changed hands with 77.5% of the shareholding in SH Group being acquired by the
plaintiff-respondent (“Borneo Ventures”), from the defendant-appellant, Mr Ong
Han Nam (“Ong”), pursuant to a Subscription Agreement dated 30 December 2013
(“the SA”). 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

ROA Vol. 5 Part 1, p 194 – Subscription Agreement dated 30 December 2013.

Ong gave certain warranties to Borneo Ventures in the SA. Borneo Ventures
claims that there have been breaches of some of these warranties and thus
seeks an indemnity from Ong for these breaches (see [8] below).

2 The present proceedings also come on the heels of a recently concluded
Malaysian suit (“the Malaysian Suit”) where SHGCC commenced proceedings in the
Malaysian High Court in Kota Kinabalu against Ong and Omega Brilliance Sdn Bhd
(“OBSB”), another company owned by Ong. SHGCC claimed that Ong, as SHGCC’s
director, had caused SHGCC to sell the Subject Land to OBSB allegedly at a
gross undervalue of RM 1,000. As such, Ong had allegedly breached his
fiduciary duties to SHGCC. Written grounds in that suit, dismissing SHGCC’s
claims, were released on 7 May 2018 (“the Malaysian Judgment”). 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

ROA Vol. 5 Part 22, p 88 - Suit No. BKI – 22NCvC – 21/2-2016 (Judgment 7 May
2018).

SHGCC’s appeal against that decision was also dismissed by the Court of Appeal
of Malaysia. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

ROA Vol. 5 Part 22, p 155 – Civil Appeal No. S-02(NCvC)(W)-2349-11/2017 (Order
of Court 28 September 2018).

SHGCC was not granted leave to appeal further to the Federal Court of
Malaysia. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

ROA Vol. 5 Part 22, p 190 – Civil Application No. 08(f)-537-10/2018(S).

3 The cumulative effect of the Malaysian Judgment and the dismissal of SHGCC’s
appeal by the Malaysian Court of Appeal, is that OBSB is legally the owner of
the Subject Land. SHGCC is therefore estopped from denying OBSB’s proprietary
interest in the same. SHGCC was also directed by the Malaysian High Court to
transfer the whole of its interest in the Subject Land to OBSB. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

ROA Vol. 5 Part 20, p 292 – Suit No. BKI – 22NCvC – 21/2-2016 (Judgment 31
October 2017), as affirmed later in ROA Vol. 5 Part 22, p 155 – Civil Appeal
No. S-02(NCvC)(W)-2349-11/2017 (Order of Court 28 September 2018)

For the purposes of the present action in Singapore and this appeal, two
substantive issues arise from the Malaysian Judgment. First, whether Borneo
Ventures had indeed breached the warranties given in the SA. Second, whether
the Malaysian Judgment binds Borneo Ventures either under the doctrine of res
judicata, the principles of issue estoppel or abuse of process. Just to
complete the picture, we should add that the Judge held that the Malaysian
Judgment does not bind Borneo Ventures and that Ong had breached the
warranties he gave in the SA. The present appeal is Ong’s appeal against the
decision of the Judge.

Facts

The parties

4 At all material times, Ong owned shares in many companies. He still does.
One such company is SH Group, which is the holding company of Sutera Harbour
Resort Sdn Bhd (“SH Resort”). SH Resort is, in turn, the parent company of
five companies, one of which is SHGCC. Ong, through a British Virgin Islands
incorporated company, was originally the sole owner of the SH Group, before
Borneo Ventures’ acquisition of 77.5% of the shares in SH Group. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Borneo Ventures Pte Ltd v Ong Han Nam @ Edward Ong [2020] SGHC 91 (“HC
Judgment”) at [3] – [7].

5 Borneo Ventures is a wholly owned subsidiary of GSH Corporation Limited
(“GSH”), a publicly listed company in Singapore, helmed by one Mr Goi Seng Hui
(“Goi”). 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

HC Judgment at [2].

Borneo Ventures acquired 77.5% of the shares in the SH Group for a
consideration of about RM700m, pursuant to the SA. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

ROA Vol. 5 Part 1, p 194 – Subscription Agreement dated 30 December 2013.

This acquisition under the SA was preceded by a Term Sheet dated 18 October
2013 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

ROA Vol. 5 Part 1, p 155 – Term Sheet in relation to the Proposed
Capitalisations and Proposed Acquisitions dated 18 October 2013.

(“the Term Sheet”, as modified by addenda dated 21 October 2013 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

ROA Vol. 5 Part 1, p 169 – 1st Addendum to Term Sheet in relation to the
Proposed Capitalisations and Proposed Acquisitions dated 21 October 2013.

, 28 October 2013 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

ROA Vol. 5 Part 1, p 174 – 2nd Addendum to Term Sheet in relation to the
Proposed Capitalisations and Proposed Acquisitions dated 28 October 2013.

, 14 November 2013 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

ROA Vol. 5 Part 1, p 185 – 3rd Addendum to Term Sheet in relation to the
Proposed Capitalisations and Proposed Acquisitions dated 14 November 2013.

) and a Disclosure Letter dated 18 March 2014 (“the Disclosure Letter”). 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

ROA Vol. 5 Part 2, p 4 – Disclosure Letter dated 18 March 2014 (typo in the
Letter).

The SA was eventually completed on 26 March 2014. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

HC Judgment at [4].

Background to the dispute

6 We do not propose to recount all the facts as they have already been
comprehensively set out in paragraphs [4] – [36] of the decision of the Judge.
For present purposes, we need only set out the facts pertaining to (a) the
Subject Land, (b) the purchase of the Subject Land by OBSB and (c) the SA
under which Borneo Ventures acquired 77.5% of the shareholding of the SH
Group. This account will sufficiently highlight the material facts giving rise
to the dispute, and show why the Subject Land was left out of the asset pool
that Borneo Ventures acquired through the SA.

7 The Subject Land houses a power plant (“the Co-Gen Facility”) which was
originally developed and owned by another one of Ong’s companies (“PHSB”). The
Co-Gen Facility supplied electricity to the SH Resort and some parts of Kota
Kinabalu vide a license granted by the Energy Commission. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

ROA Vol. 5 Part 10, p 41 – Letter from SHGCC to LSDS dated 28 January 2014

From about 1998, PHSB paid rent to SHGCC for the use of the Subject Land. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

ROA Vol. 5 Part 1, pp 24 – 53 – Tenancy Agreements between SHGCC and PHSB
dated 1 December 1999, 1 December 2000, 1 December 2001, 1 December 2002; HC
Judgment at [13].

The last tenancy agreement signed between them was on 1 December 2012 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

ROA Vol. 5 Part 1, p 113 – Tenancy Agreement between SHGCC and PHSB dated 1
December 2012.

and that tenancy expired on 30 November 2013. During the term of this tenancy,
on 12 July 2013, and pursuant to an asset sale agreement (“the ASA”), PHSB
transferred ownership of the plant and machinery to OBSB in exchange for OBSB
paying off PHSB’s total debts to Bank Islam. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

ROA Vol. 5 Part 5, p 85 – Letter to PHSB Liquidators dated 26 March 2013.

The Subject Land was expressly excluded from the ASA 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

ROA Vol. 5 Part 5, p 88 – ASA Conditions in letter dated 27 March 2013
(Condition (iv))

and it remained a part of the Sembulan Land (and therefore SHGCC’s property)
until it was carved out in 2014. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

ROA Vol. 5 Part 10, p 91 – Letter from LSDS to SHGCC dated 1 October 2014.

Under a sale and purchase agreement dated 21 March 2014 (“the S&P”), SHGCC
sold the Subject Land to OBSB for a nominal sum of RM1,000. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

ROA Vol. 5 Part 1, p 262 – Sale & Purchase Agreement for Sub-Divided Lot of
TL017544875.

As a result of the S&P and the ASA, both the Subject Land and the assets of
the Co-Gen Facility were consolidated under the ownership of OBSB.

8 While giving evidence at the trial below, Ong conceded that the existence of
the S&P was never disclosed to Borneo Ventures prior to the completion of the
transaction under the SA. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Appellant’s Case at para 62.

Such non-disclosure, according to Borneo Ventures, amounted to a breach of the
warranties given by Ong in the SA. The relevant clauses of the SA are as
follows:

9 Clause 6.1 of the SA reads:

[SH Group], [SH Holdings], [SH Resort] and [Ong] hereby jointly and severally
represent and warrant with [Borneo Ventures] in terms of the representations
and warranties more particularly set out in Clauses 6.4 and in Schedule 2
hereto (such representations and warranties collectively referred to as
‘Warranties’), which representations and warranties shall form part of this
Agreement and [SH Group], [SH Holdings], [SH Resort] and [Ong] each further
represents and warrants that the Warranties shall be fulfilled, true and
accurate at the date of this Agreement, and shall continue to be fulfilled,
true and accurate at each of the Completion of the [SH Resort] Acquisition,
Proposed Capitalisations and Proposed JVA Loan (as the case may be) in all
respects as if they had been given afresh on such date.

10 Paragraph 18.2 of Schedule 2 states:

The relevant companies within the Sutera Target Group (as identified in
Schedule 4) (the ‘Relevant Land Owners’) has good marketable title to the Land
and is the beneficial and legal owner in sole possession of the Land from all
encumbrances.

11 Schedule 4 states:

… [SHGCC] is the sole legal and beneficial owner of the parcel of Land under
99 years lease of state land situated at Sembulan, District of Kota Kinabalu,
Sabah held under Title No. 017544875 (expiring on 31 December 2091) with a
total area measuring approximately 95.58 hectares (238.63 acres).

12 Paragraphs 4.1(c) and 4.1(g) of Schedule 2 state:

Subject to any provisions to the contrary, whether express or implied,
contained in this Agreement, between the date of this Agreement and
Completion, the Sutera Target Group or [SH Group]:

…

(c) have not disposed of, and will not dispose of, any of its assets other
than assets disposed of in the Ordinary Course of Business;

…

(g) have not except for inventory or equipment in the Ordinary Course of
Business, sold, abandoned or made any other disposition of any of its
properties or made any acquisition of all or any part of the properties, share
capital or business of any other person; …

13 Paragraph 6.6(b) of Schedule 2 states:

Arm’s Length Dealings

Each of the companies in the [SH Group] have not disposed, or agreed to
dispose, of any assets, and has not provided or agreed to provide any services
or facilities (including without limitation, the benefit of any licenses)
which was or will be less than its market value, or otherwise than on an arm’s
length basis

14 Paragraph 11.1 and 11.2(a) of Schedule 2 respectively state:

Contracts between the Companies and Vendors

Save as disclosed in the Disclosure Letter, there are no existing contracts,
arrangements, understandings or engagements to which any of the companies in
the Sutera Target Group or [SH Group] are a party and in which [SH Holdings],
[SH Group] or [Ong] and/or any director, officer, employee or shareholder of
any of the companies in the Sutera Target Group of [SH Group] and/or any
person connected to any of them is directly or indirectly interested.

Contracts at Arm’s length

(a) There is no contract, arrangement or understanding to which any company in
the [SH Group] are parties or by which they are bound which is not on entirely
arm’s length terms.

15 Further, under cl 8.1 of the SA, Ong was liable to indemnify Borneo
Ventures for any losses suffered as a result of Ong’s breaches of the
warranties in the SA. The relevant portions of cl 8.1 state:

[SH Group], [SH Holdings], [SH Resort] and [Ong] hereby jointly and severally
and irrevocably covenant to keep the Investors fully and effectively
indemnified against all actions, claims, costs, damages, deficiencies,
demands, expenses, liabilities and losses (including all legal costs incurred
on a full indemnity basis) that may be suffered incurred or sustained by the
Investors in consequence of or in connection with:

(a) any breach or inaccuracies of any of the Warranties;

…

(c) without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, against any
depletion of the assets of the [SH Group] and/or any entity of the Sutera
Target Group resulting from any claim or demand made against [SH Group] and/or
any entity of the Sutera Target Group in respect of any liability (including
contingent liability) for which no provision has been made in the accounts of
[SH Group] and/or any entity of the Sutera Target Group (as the case may be)
or which has not been disclosed in writing to the Investors as at the date of
this Agreement; …

16 It will be apparent from the provisions cited above that the warranties
given by Ong under the SA may be grouped into three categories:

(a) the Land Warranty, comprising paragraph 18.2 of Schedule 2, read with
Schedule 4 of the SA;

(b) the Asset Disposal Warranty, comprising paragraphs 4.1(c) and 4.1(g) of
Schedule 2 of the SA; and

(c) the Arm’s Length Warranty, comprising paragraphs 6.6(b), 11.1 and 11.2(a)
of Schedule 2 of the SA.

17 There is also a limitation of liability provision in cl 8A.1(c)(i) of the
SA, which states: 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

ROA Vol. 5 Part 1, p 214 –Subscription Agreement dated 30 December 2013 at
para 8A.

8A. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

8A.1 The Investors agree and covenant with each of the Parties (other than the
Investors) that, notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the
contrary, any claim by an investor in respect of any breach of the Warranties
or any other provision of this Agreement (hereinafter in this Clause referred
to as a ‘Claim’) shall be subject to and/or limited by the following:

…

(c) the Parties (other than the Investors) shall have no liability in respect
of any claim by an investor if and only to the extent that:

(i) the fact, matter, event or circumstance giving rise to such Claim (a) has
been disclosed to the Investors in the Disclosure Letter as a potential
liability of or loss to any of the companies in the Sutera Target Group or (b)
resulted (whether partly or entirely) from any matter done or omitted to be
done at the request or with the approval of the Investors, or (c) resulted
(whether partly or entirely) from a voluntary act, omission, or transaction
carried out after the Completion of the [SH Resort] acquisition, Proposed
Capitalisations and Proposed JVA Loan by the [SH Group] or Sutera Target
Group, its directors, employees or agents or successors in title;

…

The decision below

18 In her consideration of the action, the Judge identified five issues: 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

HC Judgment at [223]

(a) whether Ong withheld the fact of the existence of the S&P from Borneo
Ventures;

(b) whether PHSB had any proprietary interest in the Subject Land which was
eventually transferred to OBSB (through the S&P);

(c) whether there had been a common expectation between SHGCC and PHSB that
the party who developed the Co-Gen Facility on the Subject Land would not only
occupy it but also own the subject land in its totality (“the Common
Expectation”);

(d) whether in the Malaysian Suit, the Malaysian High Court (“the Malaysian
Court”), in arriving at its decision, had been misled by Ong and as a
corollary, whether the judgment in the Malaysian Suit would give rise to issue
estoppel against Borneo Ventures; and

(e) whether Ong breached any or all of the warranties mentioned above, and
which were pleaded in Borneo Venture’s Statement of Claim.

19 On the first issue, the Judge found that Ong had deliberately withheld from
Borneo Ventures information on the existence of the S&P. The Judge referred to
the following matters in coming to her finding: 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

HC Judgment at [237] – [240].

(a) the surreptitious manner in which Ong arranged for the signing of the S&P
and for it to be backdated to a date before the completion of the SA;

(b) Ong’s failure to deliver a stamped copy of the S&P to Borneo Ventures or
SHGCC (as vendor) in accordance with the instructions set out in the letter
from the lawyers who had drafted the S&P 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

ROA Vol. 5 Part 10, p 89 – Letter from Jayasuriya Kah & Co. to Ong, dated 26
March 2014.

(c) the false answers given to the questions in the due diligence checklist
raised by the lawyers acting for Borneo Ventures for the acquisition exercise;

(d) Ong/OBSB’s failure to provide statements of accounts relating to the loans
taken out by PHSB; and

(e) The long intervening period between Ong’s first instructions to his
solicitors to draft the S&P (in April 2013) and the eventual transfer (only
executed in March 2014).

20 The Judge found that Ong had intended to transfer the Subject Land out of
SHGCC’s ownership the moment an investor came on board. Since none of the
prospective investors he was speaking to in early 2013 were interested, he had
put the intended transfer on hold. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

HC Judgment at [239]

But when Borneo Ventures/GSH executed the Term Sheet and SA, Ong took
immediate action to have the S&P signed and executed before the SA was
completed. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

HC Judgment at [240]

The Judge took this as another example of Ong’s duplicity.

21 On the second issue, the Judge found that PHSB did not at any time have a
proprietary interest in the Subject Land. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

HC Judgment at [241]

The Judge relied on the following: 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

HC Judgment at [244]

(a) there were no documents pointing to or evidencing PHSB as having any
proprietary interest in the Subject Land;

(b) the exchange of correspondence between SHGCC and Sabah’s Land Survey
Department that pointed to SHGCC being the only legal owner of the Subject
Land;

(c) PHSB did not list any proprietary interest in the Subject Land in its
statement of affairs following its liquidation in January 2012; and

(d) from 1998, PHSB paid rent to SHGCC for leasing the Subject Land. Though
PHSB attempted to explain its reasons for doing so (allegedly for tax
purposes), the Judge found the explanations unsatisfactory.

22 The third and fourth issue (whether there had indeed been a Common
Expectation, as well as whether the Malaysian court had been misled in the
Malaysian Suit) were related. The Judge took the view that material facts had
not been disclosed in the Malaysian Suit. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

HC Judgment at [256].

Her Honour held that there had been no Common Expectation and that had those
material facts been disclosed, the Malaysian court would have come to a
different conclusion regarding the issue of the Common Expectation. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

HC Judgment at [160].

23 In particular, the Judge relied on the following in holding that there was
in fact no Common Expectation:

(a) Ong was the directing mind for both SHGCC and PHSB. A “common” expectation
between the two companies would have entailed Ong “talk[ing] to himself” 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

HC Judgment at [135] and [245] – [246].

and executing a plan that he had unilaterally devised. It was absurd to speak
of a “common expectation” if the only understanding that Ong had was with
himself. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

HC Judgment at [135] and [245] – [248].

(b) PHSB had not relied on the Common Expectation, as was suggested. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

HC Judgment at [247].

The loans it had supposedly taken up to develop the Co-Gen Facility were
either serviced by other entities owned by Ong 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

ROA Vol. 3 Part 9, p 166 - See “Irrevocable Letter of Instruction from [PHSB]
to each of the Power Purchasers to remit all payment of Capital Contributions
to Maybank…” under “Security”; see also ROA Vol. 3 Part 15, p 266 lines 17 –
25.

or not directed towards the development of the Co-Gen Facility at all. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

HC Judgment at [149].

These facts were not made known in the Malaysian Suit.

(c) Ong failed to inform Borneo Ventures or any of the GSH representatives
about the Common Expectation because it never existed. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

HC Judgment at [251].

(d) The actions that PHSB allegedly undertook in reliance on the Common
Expectation it shared with SHGCC, did not involve OBSB and could not have
involved OBSB because the latter was only incorporated on 7 February 2013.
Therefore, OBSB could not have relied on any alleged Common Expectation and
accordingly could not have taken over the benefit of any of PHSB’s proprietary
estoppel rights vis the Subject Land (if established at all). 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

HC Judgment at [249].

24 The Judge was also of the opinion that the Malaysian court had been misled.
Her Honour found that the following facts had not been disclosed in the
Malaysian Suit: 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

HC Judgment at [256].

(a) PHSB did not pay off one of its loans (“the Maybank Loan”) 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

ROA Vol. 5 Part 2, p 41– Maybank’s Letter of Offer dated 8 April 1997.

by itself. It was instead repaid by three companies in the Sutera Group along
with some of Ong’s other companies. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

HC Judgment at [256(a)] and [142].

(b) One of the loans which PHSB took on to build the Co-Gen Facility (“the
Bank Islam Loan”) 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

ROA Vol 5 Part 2, p 141 – Bank Islam’s Letter of Offer dated 12 May 1999.

was instead used as working capital. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

HC Judgment at [256(b)] and [149].

(c) Ong owned the company that was paid RM115m to construct the Co-Gen
Facility. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

HC Judgment at [256(c)], [148] and [166].

(d) Ong owned OBSB, which was his nominee to buy the assets of PHSB under the
ASA. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

HC Judgment at [256(d)]

(e) For the purposes of the ASA, OBSB did not use its own money to settle
PHSB’s debts but had instead borrowed money from Sabah Development Bank to do
so. By settling PHSB’s debts, Ong was released from a personal guarantee. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

HC Judgment at [256(e)] and [158] – [161].

(f) The Co-Gen Facility had stopped supplying electricity to SH Resort in 2002
after just three years of operation. OBSB operated the Co-Gen Facility and
provided electricity for Sabah Electricity Sdn Bhd (“SESB”) (and through SESB,
to the SH Resort) for just one year, ceasing operations in 2015, with the Co-
Gen Facility remaining dormant since then. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

HC Judgment at [256(g)] and [155].

25 As for the fourth issue, the Judge declined to accept and recognise the
judgment in the Malaysian Suit as she was of the view that the Malaysian court
had been deceived “because of the fraudulent conduct of [Ong] encapsulated in
his transferring the Subject Land (worth at least RM250,000 at market value
according to [Borneo Ventures]) to OBSB for a nominal RM1,000, and in then
withholding key facts from the Malaysian court” (see [24] above) 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

HC Judgment at [260].

Accordingly, the Malaysian Judgment had been procured by fraud and the
doctrine of res judicata could not apply.

26 The Judge was also of the view that even if the Malaysian Judgment was
recognised, the extended doctrine of res judicata (which would preclude Borneo
Ventures from raising issues that ought properly to have been raised and
argued in the Malaysian Suit) would not apply. Her Honour found that since
Borneo Ventures was exercising contractual rights under the SA which was
subject to Singapore law, it could not, in any event, have been joined as a
co-plaintiff in the Malaysian Suit. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

HC Judgment at [265].

Additionally, issue estoppel could not have applied because the plaintiffs and
the issues to be litigated in the present action instituted by Borneo Ventures
against Ong were different. The Malaysian Suit involved SHGCC suing OBSB and
Ong over ownership of the Subject Land while the present matter involved
Borneo Ventures suing Ong for breach of warranties under the SA. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

HC Judgment at [262].

27 Finally, in respect of the fifth issue (ie, whether Ong had breached the
warranties given in the SA), the Judge found that since PHSB did not have a
proprietary interest in the Subject Land (ie, that at all material times the
Subject Land remained in the ownership of SHGCC), it thus formed part of the
assets which Borneo Ventures acquired when it bought over 77.5% of the shares
in the SH Group from Ong. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

HC Judgment at [266].

Accordingly, the Judge found that: 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

HC Judgment at [266].

(a) Ong had breached paragraphs 4.1(c) and 4.1(g) of Schedule 2 by disposing
of the Subject Land under the S&P to OBSB.

(b) Ong had breached paragraphs 6.6(b), 11.1, and 11.2(a) of Schedule 2 by
disposing of the Subject Land at a price that was clearly lower than its
market value, and this disposal was certainly not on an arm’s length basis as
Ong was also a director of OBSB.

(c) Ong had breached paragraph 18.2 of Schedule 2 (read with Schedule 4) as
OBSB had obtained an interest in the Subject Land under the S&P, and
therefore, the statement in Schedule 2 that SHGCC was the sole legal and
beneficial owner of the Sembulan Land (which included the Subject Land) was
false at the time of completion.

28 Relatedly, the Judge also found that the limitation of liability clause
under cl 8A.1(c)(i) of the SA could not apply. In order for the clause to
apply, the fact, matter, event or circumstance giving rise to a claim must
have been disclosed to Borneo Ventures. It is not in dispute that Ong never
disclosed that PHSB had an interest in the Subject Land although the Judge
went further to also find that PHSB never had a proprietary interest in the
land. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

HC Judgment at [268].

Moreover, the Judge also found that Ong and his employee, Lee Ken, had
wilfully suppressed information on the subdivision exercise and the existence
of the S&P. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

HC Judgment at [278].

Therefore, any oblique disclosure made in the Disclosure Letter would not have
been sufficient to enable Ong to enjoy the protection accorded under cl
8A.1(c)(i). 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

HC Judgment at [278].

29 Consequently, the Judge ordered that there be: 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

HC Judgment at [283].

(a) an injunction to restrain Ong from completing the sale of the Subject Land
for RM1,000 and/or from enforcing the S&P

(b) a mandatory injunction that Ong procure OBSB to discharge/terminate the
S&P forthwith;

(c) an award of damages, with an order that an inquiry be held before the
Registrar to assess the damages due to Borneo Ventures for the losses that it
suffered as a result of Ong’s breaches of the warranties; and

(d) a costs order in favour of Borneo Ventures, for costs to be taxed on a
standard basis which were to include $1,000 to account for Ong’s late filing
of a supplementary affidavit.

Issues to be determined

30 Besides the two substantive issues mentioned earlier (at [3]), there is a
further question of whether the injunctions granted by the Judge were
appropriate reliefs. As such, the issues which we will now examine are:

(a) whether there had been a breach of the warranties and this in turn would
depend upon whether there had been adequate disclosure to Borneo Ventures of
any transactions which might have suggested that the Subject Land was
encumbered in any way;

(b) whether, in light of the Malaysian Suit, issue estoppel or the defence of
abuse of process bars Borneo Ventures from litigating the issue of the Common
Expectation; and

(c) what would be the appropriate reliefs to grant to Borneo Ventures as
against Ong.

Adequacy of disclosure and breach of warranties

31 We will begin our consideration of the first issue by addressing whether
Ong had breached all or any of the three warranties, namely, the Land
Warranty, the Asset Disposal Warranty and the Arm’s Length Warranty. This in
turn calls for a determination of the scope of each of the warranty.

The Land Warranty

32 The Land Warranty affirmed that SHGCC was the sole legal and beneficial
owner of the Sembulan Land, including the Subject Land. Ong argues that the
Subject Land was in fact subject to PHSB/OBSB’s proprietary interests, as
those interests arose from the Common Expectation that the developer of the
Co-Gen Facility would be the occupier, as well as owner, of the Subject Land.
This contention necessarily means that SHGCC was not the sole legal and
beneficial owner of the Subject Land. If this contention is valid, that would
mean that there was a breach of the Land Warranty. Moreover, even if PHSB/OBSB
was found not to have had any proprietary interest in the land (as the Judge
concluded), Ong would necessarily have breached the Land Warranty when OBSB
obtained an interest in the Subject Land under the S&P. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

HC Judgment at [266(c)].

In other words, whatever view one takes of PHSB/OBSB’s proprietary interest in
the Subject Land, there would have been a breach of the Land Warranty.

33 Therefore, in relation to this Land Warranty, the critical question is
whether Ong had disclosed any supposed proprietary interest of PHSB in the
Subject Land to Borneo Ventures prior to the completion of the SA. This
disclosure is also important for Ong to be able to enjoy the benefit of the
limitation of liability provided in clause cl 8A(1)(c)(i) of the SA.

34 On this disclosure point, we agree with the Judge’s assessment. First, Ong
has conceded that the S&P itself was never disclosed to Borneo Ventures. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Appellant’s Case at para 62.

Second, the Disclosure Letter did not make express reference to the S&P
either. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

HC Judgment at [268].

Third, the documents disclosed during the due diligence exercise did not once
make any direct reference to the S&P or to any transaction which contemplated
SHGCC transferring legal title in the Subject Land to OBSB. Fourth, all the
supposed references to PHSB/OBSB having a proprietary interest in the Subject
Land were obscure and oblique.

35 Next, we turn to three documents on which Ong seeks to rely to establish
his contention that there was sufficient disclosure.

36 The first document is a valuation report dated 24 April 2013 (“the 2013
Valuation Report”) which was produced by Ong during the negotiations leading
up to the SA. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

ROA Vol. 5 Part 7, pp 138 – 230 – 2013 Valuation Report.

The 2013 Valuation Report valued only part of the Sembulan Land, instead of
the total area of 95.58 hectares. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

ROA Vol. 5 Part 7, pp 138 – 230 – 2013 Valuation Report.

This was because it excluded the land area occupied by the Sabah Electricity
Board’s substations and the Subject Land where the Co-Gen Facility was sited,
65

##### Foot Note 65

×

ROA Vol. 5 Part 10, p 41 – Letter from SHGCC to LSDS dated 28 January 2014
explaining the different types of substations on the Sembulan Land.

reducing the land under the actual occupation of SHGCC to only 94.9 hectares
rather than the original 95.58 hectares. According to Ong, this was the real
extent of SHGCC’s land, and this fact had been conveyed through the provision
of the 2013 Valuation Report. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Appellant’s Case at para 38.

37 Like the Judge, we find this contention extremely dubious. Listing 94.9
hectares as SHGCC’s effective land area in the 2013 Valuation Report was
hardly proof that SHGCC did not own the Subject Land, much less that PHSB had
a proprietary interest in the land. Indeed, the Subject Land was excluded from
valuation not because the valuer had surveyed the Sembulan Land himself to
determine SHGCC’s assets, but because Ong himself had specifically instructed
the valuer to exclude this portion. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

ROA Vol. 5 Part 7, p 143 – 2013 Valuation Report, “Terms of Reference”; ROA
Vol. 3 Part 17, p 129 line 7 – p 131 line 3.

Nowhere in the 2013 Valuation Report was it stated that the Subject Land
belonged to another party.

38 The second document is a Security Sharing Agreement dated 31 January 2002
(“the SS Agreement”). 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

ROA Vol. 3 Part 1, p 211 – Letter from Yap Ee Ling to Lee Ken dated 23
December 2013.

In short, the SS Agreement offered the Sembulan Land as security to SH
Resort’s and SH Group’s creditors when their loans were restructured. Notably,
the creditors disclaimed their rights in the Subject Land in the event that
any action were to be taken to obtain an order for sale. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

ROA Vol. 5 Part 4, pp 65 – 67 – Letter of Disclaimer in favour of PHSB from
MTB dated 29 January 2002.

This arrangement stood in sharp contrast to the restructuring of the Maybank
Loan given to PHSB. There, the Sembulan Land was put up as security as well.
However, the charge created pursuant to the restructured Maybank Loan made no
exclusions, ie, the Subject Land was not excluded from the security provided
by SHGCC for the restructuring of the Maybank Loan.

39 According to Ong, the difference between the two arrangements demonstrated
that PHSB had an interest in the Subject Land. Where security arrangements did
not involve PHSB and its creditors (ie, the SS Agreement), any pledge of
security excluded the Subject Land. Where arrangements did involve PHSB and
its creditors (ie, the Maybank Loan), the Subject Land would not be excluded
from the security, presumably because PHSB had the requisite interest in the
land to offer it as security for its loans. Ong contends that these documents
were available to the due diligence team of Borneo Ventures as the SA was
being prepared. Accordingly, a comparison between the Maybank Loan and the SS
Agreement would have revealed PHSB’s proprietary interest in the Subject Land.

40 Again, we find the comparison drawn between the Maybank Loan and the SS
Agreement to be strained and tenuous. In fact, it is not obvious that such a
comparison was warranted at all. Moreover, the inferences that Ong urges us to
draw are neither intuitive nor compelling. If PHSB’s proprietary interest in
the Subject Land is as obvious as he claims it to be, it is curious that such
mental gymnastics are required to establish his case.

41 The third document that Ong relies on is a caveat lodged by Bank Islam
(“the Bank Islam Caveat”) dated 6 December 2010. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

ROA Vol. 5 Part 11, p 249 – Due Diligence Report Schedule 3A (“Overview of
Real Property”)

This relates to the Bank Islam Loan which was extended to PHSB under a letter
of offer dated 12 May 1999. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

ROA Vol 5 Part 2, p 141 – Bank Islam’s Letter of Offer dated 12 May 1999

As security, SHGCC undertook to execute a charge over the Sembulan and Subject
Lands on PHSB’s behalf. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

ROA Vol. 5 Part 3, p 105 – SHGCC’s Letter of Undertaking to Bank Islam dated
16 June 1999.

Pursuant to this, 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

ROA Vol. 5 Part 5, p 20 – Letter from Bank Islam to MTB dated 19 October 2012;
ROA Vol. 5 Part 4, p 269 – Letter from Bank Islam to KPMG dated 12 March 2012.

the Bank Islam Caveat was lodged over the Subject Land. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

ROA Vol. 5 Part 11, p 247 – Due Diligence Report Schedule 3A (“Overview of
Real Property”)

Ong claims that Bank Islam lodged the caveat to register PHSB’s interest in
the Subject Land, which again was a recognition that PHSB had a proprietary
interest in the Subject Land and was something which the due diligence
exercise would have revealed to Borneo Ventures. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Appellant’s Case at para 82.

42 As for this argument, we find it preposterous that Bank Islam would have
lodged a caveat to protect someone else’s interest. If PHSB’s interest were
being protected, PHSB would have lodged the caveat. That not being the case,
the Bank Islam Caveat cannot be taken to be an affirmation of PHSB’s interest
in the Subject Land. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Respondent’s Case at para 32.

We recognise that such a caveat could be interpreted to mean that Bank Islam
believed PHSB had an interest in the Subject Land. Why else would Bank Islam
have lodged a caveat against the land? But Bank Islam’s belief said little
about PHSB’s actual proprietary interest in the Subject Land. In any case,
this was just one possibility, bearing in mind that the security could well
have been provided by SHGCC (the owner of the entire Sembulan Land), and that
it is not uncommon for related parties to provide security for each other in
loan situations. Moreover, even if we accepted that the Bank Islam Caveat
evinced PHSB’s interest in the Subject Land, it was unclear how this would
suggest that OBSB had a similar interest in the Subject Land or how this
amounted to a disclosure of the same.

43 For these reasons, we agree with the assessment of the Judge that Ong had
not made any disclosure that PHSB had a proprietary interest in the Subject
Land to enable Ong to enjoy the benefit provided under cl 8A(1)(c)(i) of the
SA. No reasonable person in the position of Borneo Ventures would have thought
that PHSB had such a proprietary interest in the Subject Land when the entire
Sembulan Land was on record as belonging to SHGCC. We note that Ong was
careful to have instructed the valuer, in preparing the 2013 Valuation Report,
to exclude the Subject Land from valuation. But he, for reasons not disclosed,
chose not to inform the valuer why that portion of the Land should be excluded
from the valuation. We would ask the same question too – why did he not simply
inform the representatives of Borneo Ventures that that portion of the land
did not belong to SHGCC but to PHSB? We could not find any reasonable basis to
disagree with the Judge who thought that the non-disclosure was part of Ong’s
plan to steal a march on Borneo Ventures by surreptitiously removing the
Subject Land from SHGCC right before completion of the SA.

44 In the result, we agree with the Judge that there was a breach of the Land
Warranty on Ong’s part and that he is not entitled to enjoy the limitation of
liability accorded under cl 8A(1)(c)(i) of the SA.

The Asset Disposal Warranty

45 As for the Asset Disposal Warranty, a plain reading of the relevant
provisions would suggest that this warranty was really intended to prevent the
sellers from dissipating the assets of the company that was being sold. If,
instead, an asset was simply being returned to its rightful owner, such an act
would not count as an asset disposal that breaches the warranty. Indeed,
paragraphs 4.1(c) and 4.1(g) suggest that it is SHGCC’s assets that must have
been “sold, abandoned, or [disposed of]”, for there to have been a breach of
the Asset Disposal Warranty. Therefore, the inquiry turns to determining
whether the Subject Land was SHGCC’s property. That further depends on whether
the Malaysian Judgment’s holding on that issue should be recognised or not. We
address this below at [48].

The Arm’s Length Warranty

46 As for the Arm’s Length Warranty, the preliminary question would be whether
the S&P was a transaction conducted at an arm’s length. The requirement for
transactions to have been conducted on an “arm’s length” basis speaks to two
main concerns. The first is taxation (see paragraph 6.6(b) of Schedule 2 of
the SA). Transactions not conducted at an arm’s length basis may be regarded
as attempts to circumvent capital gains tax and other tax regulations. If such
transactions are only discovered post-acquisition, the company may be liable
to penalties for tax avoidance. The second concern is independence (see
paragraphs 11.1 and 11.2(a) of Schedule 2 of the SA). Transactions not
conducted at an arm’s length basis may be regarded as attempts to enrich
related/connected parties at the expense of the company that is being
acquired. Warranties such as those found in paragraphs 11.1 and 11.2(a) of
Schedule 2 exist to protect purchasers in an acquisition, by ensuring that
they do not inherit a shell of a company when the acquisition is completed.

47 In view of the mischief that the Arm’s Length Warranty was designed to
address, a proper characterisation of the S&P is critical. In other words, was
it a mere formalisation of PHSB/OBSB’s proprietary interest in the Subject
Land (such an interest arising from proprietary estoppel founded on the Common
Expectation) or was it an attempt by Ong to steal a march on Borneo Ventures
by surreptitiously removing the Subject Land from SHGCC right before
completion of the SA? This again, depends on whether the Malaysian Judgment’s
holding on PHSB/OBSB’s proprietary interest in the Subject Land should be
recognised. To this question, we now turn.

Recognition of Malaysian Judgment, issue estoppel and abuse of process

Recognition of the Malaysian Judgment

48 Before a foreign judgment is taken to be res judicata, the preliminary
issue is whether it should be recognised at all: Humpuss Sea Transport Pte Ltd
(in compulsory liquidation) v PT Humpuss Intermoda Transportasi TBK and
another [2016] 5 SLR 1322 (“Humpuss”) at [65]–[66]. According to Humpuss at
[67], under the common law, a foreign judgment will be recognised if: (a) it
is a final and conclusive judgment of a court which, (b) according to the
private international law of Singapore, had jurisdiction to grant the judgment
and (c) if there is no defence to its recognition. The Judge found the first
two elements were fulfilled but declined to recognise the Malaysian Judgment
on the ground that it had been procured by fraud. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

HC Judgment at [260].

49 Broadly speaking, foreign judgments will not be recognised if they had been
procured by one of two types of fraud. The first is extrinsic fraud (eg,
bribery of a solicitor, counsel or witness, or collusion with a representative
party to the prejudice of beneficial interest: Eleven Gesellschaft Zur
Entwicklung Und Vermarktung Von Netzwerktechonologien MBH v Boxsentry Pte Ltd
[2014] SGHC 210 (“Boxsentry”) at [103]). This type of fraud may be simply
pleaded without any special restrictions. The second type of fraud is
intrinsic fraud (eg, fraud which is “imputed from alleged false statements
made at the trial, which were met by counter-statements by the other side, and
the whole adjudicated upon by the Court and so passed on into the limbo of
estoppel by the judgment”: Hong Pian Tee v Les Placements German Gauthier Inc
[2002] 1 SLR(R) 515 (“Hong Pian Tee”) at [20]). Foreign judgments can only be
challenged on the ground of intrinsic fraud if “fresh evidence has come to
light which reasonable diligence on the part of the defendant would not have
uncovered and the fresh evidence would have been likely to make a difference
in the eventual result of the case”: Hong Pian Tee at [30]. The distinction
between the two types of fraud has been variously described as fraud going to
the jurisdiction of the court (extrinsic fraud) and fraud going to the merits
of the judgment (intrinsic fraud); perjury during discovery (extrinsic fraud)
and perjury at trial (intrinsic fraud); or fraud taking place outside trial
(extrinsic fraud) as opposed to within trial (intrinsic fraud): Boxsentry at
[103] and [108].

50 We are of the view that no matter how Ong and OBSB’s actions in the
Malaysian Suit are characterised, they are not sufficient to justify denying
recognition of the Malaysian Judgment. If the allegation was that there had
been extrinsic fraud, it would have been a result of Ong and OBSB’s failure to
disclose all material facts at trial. The real question in such a situation
would be whether such perjury produced the judgment given: Boxsentry at [108].
With respect, the Judge’s catalogue of Ong’s omissions does not sufficiently
address the point whether the perjury produced the judgment or not.

51 For example, the Judge took the view that there was no Common Expectation
because Ong was in charge of both PHSB and SHGCC at that time. According to
her, it was meaningless to speak of a “common” expectation when the reality
was that Ong was “talk[ing] to himself” and executing a unilaterally conceived
plan (see [23(a)] above). The Judge found that this absurdity was not
appreciated by the Malaysian court but did not analyse how any of Ong’s
omissions could have been the effective cause of the Malaysian court’s
finding. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

HC Judgment at [257].

In truth, the Malaysian court did appreciate the fact that Ong was in charge
of both PHSB and SHGCC at the material time. It simply took a different view
from the Judge. It felt that Ong’s position in PHSB and SHGCC gave him
“personal knowledge to testify to the truth of the fact of such a common
expectation or assurance and its content”. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

ROA Vol. 5 Part 22, p 110 - Suit No. BKI – 22NCvC – 21/2-2016 (Judgment 7 May
2018) at lines 463 – 464.

This suggests that the Judge could not agree with the Malaysian court’s
findings, and not that the Malaysian court had been misled by any particular
omission from Ong. In essence, there is a difference of opinion here.

52 The Judge also took the view that PHSB could not have relied on the Common
Expectation since it had not personally repaid the Maybank Loan, which was
instead repaid by some of Ong’s other companies. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

HC Judgment at [142].

It is true that the Malaysian court was not apprised of PHSB’s financial
arrangements for repaying its loans. But with respect, the source of the funds
should not matter. What is important is that PHSB took on debts and
liabilities in reliance on the Common Expectation. That much is clear here.
PHSB did take up the Maybank Loan to build the Co-Gen Facility and we are
inclined to agree with the Malaysian court 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

ROA Vol. 5 Part 22, p 132 - Suit No. BKI – 22NCvC – 21/2-2016 (Judgment 7 May
2018) at lines 928 – 934.

that no party could have taken on such huge expense without assurance that
they would at least own the land on which the expensive power plant was being
built on.

53 In much the same vein, the Judge pointed to the fact that the money that
OBSB had used to purchase PHSB’s assets under the ASA came from another bank
loan. This argument seems to be based on the premise that OBSB could not take
over the benefit of the proprietary estoppel established in favour of PHSB vis
the Subject Land. Again, it is true that the Malaysian court was not apprised
of OBSB’s financial arrangements to procure the money for this purchase. But
again, we are not able to see why the source of funds should matter. The
Malaysian court held that “[it] is inconceivable that someone would pay the
redemption sum of RM33.6million for those assets unless the redeemer expects
or is assured that the land on which the assets were constructed would belong
to him.” 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

ROA Vol. 5 Part 22, p 135 - Suit No. BKI – 22NCvC – 21/2-2016 (Judgment 7 May
2018) at lines 992 – 995.

This reasoning is not only logical, it is consistent with business sense and
we do not see any flaw in it.

54 Finally, the Judge evidently took a dim view of Ong’s integrity. She
pointed to the fact that Ong did not disclose to the Malaysian court that the
Bank Islam Loan was for working capital, not the development of the Co-Gen
Facility. Ong was also effectively enriching himself since he owned the
construction company that was tasked to build the Co-Gen Facility. The Co-Gen
Facility itself proved to be a flop since it only supplied electricity for
three years under PHSB and one year under OBSB before halting operations
completely. But all these facts simply do not go towards showing whether there
was a Common Expectation, or whether there was reliance on the Common
Expectation on the part of PHSB/OBSB. In other words, these omissions in our
view, did not seriously hobble the Malaysian court’s ultimate findings vis-à-
vis the Common Expectation and the proprietary estoppel that was established
on the facts before the Malaysian court.

55 If the suggestion is that the Malaysian Judgment had been procured by
intrinsic fraud, we are similarly of the view that this has not been
established. Intrinsic fraud can only be pleaded under special circumstances.
There must be new evidence that emerged after trial and such evidence must
have been beyond the reach of the complaining party’s reasonable diligence. We
cannot see how any of the additional evidence adduced (eg, the SS Agreement,
the tenancy agreements between SHGCC and PHSB, the ownership structure of the
company that built the Co-Gen Facility) was not discoverable or beyond the
reach of reasonable diligence of either SHGCC or Borneo Ventures (which was in
control of SHGCC at the time of the Malaysian Suit). Even if the evidence was
fresh evidence that could not have been discovered at that stage, we are of
the view that the new evidence would not have been material to the Malaysian
court’s findings. In that regard, we reiterate what has been discussed earlier
at [50]-[54].

56 In our view, the Malaysian Judgment was not procured by fraud. There is
therefore no bar to its recognition by our courts. We turn next to the
question of whether the Malaysian Suit gives rise to res judicata. As
Sundaresh Menon JC (as he then was) stated in Goh Nellie v Goh Lian Teck and
others [2007] 1 SLR(R) 453 (“Goh Nellie”) at [17], “the umbrella doctrine of
res judicata encompasses three conceptually distinct though interrelated
principles.” These are cause of action estoppel, issue estoppel, and the
extended doctrine of res judicata (otherwise known as the doctrine of abuse of
process). Cause of action estoppel was not pleaded and that was correct
because the Malaysian Suit and the present proceedings involve entirely
different causes of action. We move next to consider issue estoppel and the
defence of abuse of process.

Issue Estoppel

57 In Lee Tat Development Pte Ltd v Management Corporation of Strata Plan No
301 [2005] 3 SLR(R) 157 this court spelt out the four elements which must be
present to raise issue estoppel (at [14] – [15]):

(a) there must be a final and conclusive judgment on the merits;

(b) that judgment must be of a court of competent jurisdiction;

(c) there must be identity of parties in relation to the two actions; and

(d) there must be an identity of subject matter in the two actions.

58 It is beyond question, and here we agree with the Judge, that the first two
elements are fulfilled in the present case. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

HC Judgment at [262]

However, with respect, we are unable to concur with the Judge on the other two
elements, ie, identity of parties and identity of subject matter.

59 In Goh Nellie, the court there, having reviewed the authorities, stated (at
[32]) that “the courts have not taken a narrow view of what [identity of
parties] means”. Goh Nellie further reiterated that issue estoppel may arise
in civil actions between the same parties or their privies – see also Hunter v
Chief Constable of the West Midlands Police [1982] AC 529 at 541. The
Malaysian Suit and the present action involved common defendants. The
plaintiffs in the respective actions are, however, different. The question,
therefore, is whether SHGCC can be regarded as Borneo Ventures’ privy. In that
regard, “the required commonality is a direct interest in the subject matter
of the litigation, a parallel or corresponding interest in that subject matter
and not simply a financial interest in the result of the action”: China North
Industries Investment Ltd v Ronald RC Chum & Ors [2007] HKCU 2128 at [81].
What then, would qualify as a “direct interest in that subject matter”?

60 In Canam Enterprises Inc. v Coles 47 O.R. (3d) 446 (“Canam”), the plaintiff
sued the defendant-solicitor who had previously represented the former in an
unsuccessful action against a mortgagee. The defendant-solicitor was estopped
from adding that mortgagee as a third party to the proceedings. In that case,
the solicitor and his client had parallel interests in the subject matter of
the litigation. Nordheimer J held, at [24], that:

… the proper resolution of the issue may be tested by observing what would
have occurred had [the plaintiff] been successful in the Mortgage action and
avoided liability on the mortgage. There can be no doubt that [the defendant-
solicitor] would have claimed the benefit of [the plaintiff’s] success as
relieving him from any possible liability to [the plaintiff]. If [the
defendant-solicitor] could claim the benefit of [the plaintiff’s] success, it
seems fair that he should equally bear the burden of [the plaintiff’s]
failure…

61 In much the same way, had SHGCC succeeded in the Malaysian Suit against
OBSB and Ong, Borneo Ventures would have been able to claim that there had
been a contractually prohibited asset disposal and that there had been a
contractually prohibited transaction conducted not at arm’s length. These
would have amounted to breaches of the Arm’s Length and Asset Disposal
Warranties. Borneo Ventures would, in other words, have been able to claim the
benefit of SHGCC’s favourable judgment against OBSB. In the circumstances,
SHGCC is undoubtedly the privy of Borneo Ventures.

62 Borneo Ventures contends otherwise. It cites Lee Tat Development Pte Ltd v
Management Corporation Strata Title Plan No. 301 [2009] 1 SLR(R) 875 (“Lee Tat
2009”) at [51] for the proposition that “a person who litigates in different
rights is in law separate persons” [emphasis in original omitted]. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

Respondent’s Case at para 74.

It then points to the fact that the Malaysian Suit involved SHGCC holding its
director to account while the present matter involved Borneo Ventures
enforcing its contractual rights. Identity of parties is therefore not
established.

63 We disagree. The statement quoted in the preceding paragraph and cited from
Lee Tat 2009 is not applicable here. The question there was whether,
notwithstanding the fact that the parties were identical in the two suits,
they could be treated as separate persons in law. That was answered by
reference to the nature of the rights which the parties sought to enforce in
the two suits. Here, the query differs. The question is whether,
notwithstanding the fact that the parties are different in the two suits, the
law may treat them as the same. This is answered by considering whether there
is a privity of interest between these different parties in their respective
suits. For the reasons discussed above, there certainly is privity of interest
in the present matter. We would also like to add that it would be taking a
myopic view to assert that the Malaysian Suit only concerned SHGCC and its
attempt to hold its directors to account. That was only one aspect. The
central question in that suit concerned the existence of a Common Expectation
between SHGCC and OBSB which, if it existed, would in turn affect who had
proprietary interest in the Subject Land. Indeed, in the suit, because of the
eventual finding of the court on the central matter of Common Expectation, the
issue of holding the directors of SHGCC to account did not arise.

64 Moreover, we are of the view that where group companies are concerned, the
rules governing identity of parties (which already eschew excessively
technical distinctions/formulations) should have regard to the special
relationship which exists between those companies within the corporate
structure. When such companies have demonstrably vested interests in each
other or other close connections (for example, when they effectively share the
same assets portfolio, as was the case here), those circumstances would be
relevant factors for the court to take into account to determine whether there
was privity of interest between them.

65 We will now pause to highlight certain facts of this case. At the time the
Malaysian Suit was brought against Ong and OBSB, Borneo Ventures was already
the majority shareholder (holding 77.5% of the shareholding) of SH Group.
SHGCC was wholly owned by SH Group and was thus under the control of Borneo
Ventures. Borneo Ventures was effectively conducting the claim made by SHGCC
in the Malaysian Suit against Ong and OBSB. It lost. There was clear identity
of interest between Borneo Ventures and SHGCC and the latter was clearly the
privy of the former in the Malaysian Suit. It would be unjust, and indeed in
our view outrageous, that Borneo Ventures could still claim, in the present
action, that it was not bound by the decision of the Malaysian Court on the
question of PHSB/OBSB’s proprietary entitlement to the Subject Land.

66 As for identity of subject matter, both suits (the Malaysian Suit as well
as the present action) turned on the specific issue of who owned the Subject
Land. The Malaysian Suit found that SHGCC owned it (legally speaking) but was
estopped from enforcing its strict legal rights in relation to the Subject
Land. As such, Ong had not breached his fiduciary duties to SHGCC when he
agreed to transfer the Subject Land to OBSB for a nominal consideration. The
present action also turns on whether PHSB/OBSB had a proprietary interest in
the Subject Land. If PHSB/OBSB is found to have an interest in the Subject
Land, it cannot truly be said that there had been a breach of either the Asset
Disposal or Arm’s Length Warranty (see [45] – [46] above). As such, we differ
from the Judge and hold that there was identity of subject matter for the
purposes of issue estoppel.

67 Borneo Ventures acknowledges that the Common Expectation came up in both
the Malaysian Suit and in the present action. But it contends that the Common
Expectation point was raised in the service of different arguments. In the
Malaysian Suit, it was raised in order to determine OBSB’s proprietary
interest in the Subject Land. In the present proceedings, it was raised to
ascertain Ong’s state of mind in the lead-up to the SA. That is, whether Ong
should have disclosed OBSB’s proprietary interest to Borneo Ventures. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

Respondent’s Case at para 77.

These being different matters, issue estoppel did not arise. We disagree.
Borneo Ventures cannot cast doubt on the Common Expectation point without
attacking the Malaysian Judgment. The Common Expectation was a fundamental
plank of the Malaysian Judgment. In fact, it was one of the elements that had
to be established to make out a finding of proprietary estoppel, which was in
turn the entire basis of the judgment. Any attempt to cast doubt on that
finding (concerning the Common Expectation) is effectively an attempt to re-
litigate the same point. Accordingly, we are not persuaded by Borneo Ventures’
arguments on the question of identity of subject matter either.

68 Having established identity of parties and identity of subject matter, Ong
has shown that he is entitled to raise the defence of issue estoppel.

Abuse of Process/Extended Doctrine of Res Judicata

69 As for the defence of abuse of process, the doctrine was best summarised in
Goh Nellie at [41]: “where the issue ought to have been raised [in the earlier
proceeding] and was not, it might nonetheless amount to an abuse of process
subsequently to litigate that same issue”.

70 The Judge rejected this defence because in her view Borneo Ventures could
not have joined in as a co-plaintiff to SHGCC’s claim in the Malaysian Suit.
This was for two reasons. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

HC Judgment at [265]

First, the causes of action were different. The present matter involved Borneo
Ventures enforcing its contractual rights under the SA. On the other hand, the
Malaysian Suit concerned, inter alia, Ong’s alleged breaches of fiduciary
duties owed to SHGCC as its director. OBSB was joined as a co-defendant on the
basis that it would have been privy to such a breach. Second, the applicable
laws were different as well. The present action centred on the SA which was
governed by Singapore law (per cl 12.15(a) of the SA). 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

At 1AB217.

The Malaysian Suit related to Ong’s conduct in effecting a transfer of the
Subject Land to OBSB. The law governing the transfer of the Subject Land,
according to the doctrine of lex situs, would have been Malaysian law. For
these reasons, the Judge took the view that the present action and the
Malaysian Suit were fundamentally different proceedings. Ong, therefore, was
not being sued twice over the same issues.

71 With respect, we disagree. The law relating to the doctrine of abuse of
process was set out by this court in Lim Geok Lin Andy v Yap Jin Meng Bryan
and another appeal [2017] 2 SLR 760 (“Andy Lim”). There (at [38]), the court
affirmed that the legal test is a fact specific one, depending on all the
circumstances of a case, including:

(a) whether the later proceedings are nothing more than a collateral attack
upon the previous decision;

(b) whether there is fresh evidence that warranted re-litigation;

(c) whether there are bona fide reasons why an issue which ought to have been
raised in the earlier action was not; and

(d) whether there are other special circumstances that justify allowing the
case to proceed.

Ultimately, the defence will be successfully raised where “some connection can
be shown between the party seeking to relitigate the issue and the earlier
proceeding where that essential issue was litigated, which would make it
unjust to allow that party to reopen the issue” [emphasis in original] (at
[44]). Repeated claims by the same plaintiffs or repeated claims against the
same defendant are not necessarily the critical factor. Fairness or
oppressiveness, as demonstrated by the facts of the case, is the decisive
factor.

72 In Andy Lim, the appellant (“Lim”) had been subpoenaed as a witness in an
earlier set of proceedings (“the 2010 Suit”). There, his testimony supported
the plaintiff’s (“Park”) claim for a share of profits. Lim, in his testimony
at those proceedings, had claimed that he too had been entitled to a share of
the profits. The Judge dismissed Lim’s bare assertion for lack of proof. This
finding was affirmed by the Court of Appeal. When the 2010 Suit proceeded to
consider the account of profits, Lim belatedly applied to intervene in the
proceedings. Ultimately, this application was dismissed as well in Andy Lim.

73 Andy Lim supports a finding of abuse of process in the present action for
two reasons. First, it recognised that the defence of abuse of process can be
successfully invoked where the same defendant has been sued twice by different
plaintiffs on identical issues which had already been determined in an earlier
action: Andy Lim at [43]. That is plainly the case here too. Ong has defended
the existence of the Common Expectation in two separate suits brought against
him by two separate plaintiffs (SHGCC and Borneo Ventures). As stated earlier
(at [63]), we regard Borneo Ventures’ submissions on the Common Expectation as
an unacceptable collateral attack on the Malaysian Judgment. Second, in Andy
Lim, Lim’s entitlement to a share of profits was “not strictly an issue” in
the 2010 Suit. Notwithstanding this, his later attempt to re-litigate the
issue was dismissed as an abuse of process. In the present action, the
proprietary interest in the Subject Land was squarely an issue already decided
in the Malaysian Suit. As stated in [65] above, Borneo Ventures was in fact
conducting the Malaysia Suit on behalf of SHGCC. Borneo Ventures’ attempt in
the present action to relitigate the same issue is clearly oppressive to Ong
and is an abuse of process.

74 Moreover, with regard to the Judge’s reasoning (as stated above at [70]),
we see no reason why Borneo Ventures could not simply have applied to join in
the Malaysian Suit and requested the Malaysian court to apply Singapore law in
relation to Borneo Ventures allegations of breaches of warranties given in the
SA. If the concern was forum non conveniens, there were sufficient factors
militating in favour of Borneo Ventures lodging its claims in Malaysia. For
one, that would have housed all related proceedings in one setting, with the
benefit of a full, holistic perspective on all aspects of the acquisition
contemplated in the SA. Second, it is doubtful that initiating a claim in a
Malaysian court would really give rise to serious inconvenience to Borneo
Ventures (which is incorporated in Singapore). Yet, Borneo Ventures did not
even attempt to litigate the entire matter in one forum.

75 In fact, Borneo Ventures’ attempt to characterise the Malaysian Judgment as
having been procured by fraud (when such an allegation was not even pleaded)
runs contrary to its stated position all along. In the earlier stages of the
present action in Singapore, it: (a) asserted that the issue of ownership was
irrelevant to the present matter; (b) admitted that SHGCC was estopped from
denying OBSB’s proprietary interest; and (c) even relied upon the finding of
the Malaysian court (that OBSB had a proprietary interest in the Subject Land)
to assert that this “confirm[ed]” that Ong had breached the various warranties
in the SA. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

Appellant’s Case at para 170.

76 For these reasons, we are of the view that Borneo Ventures’ attempts to
challenge the Malaysian court’s finding on the issue of the Common Expectation
were an abuse of process. For clarity, we do not regard the entire action in
these courts as an abuse of process – it is not. Our opinion here is confined
only to Borneo Ventures’ arguments on the Common Expectation issue and the
challenges to OBSB’s proprietary interest in the Subject Land.

77 Accordingly, in light of the discussions at [48] to [76] above and
recognising and accepting the Malaysian court’s findings in relation to the
issue of the proprietary interest in the Subject Land, we hold, contrary to
the Judge’s findings, that the Asset Disposal and Arm’s Length Warranties were
not breached and the claims of Borneo Ventures on those premises fail.

The appropriate relief

78 As found above at [32] and [44], the Land Warranty was breached and Ong
could not avail himself of the protection of the limitation of liability
clauses. To that extent, Borneo Ventures succeeds (albeit partially) in its
action. The next question we need to consider is whether the Judge was correct
to have granted to Borneo Ventures an injunction requiring Ong not to transfer
the proprietary interest in the Subject Land to OBSB.

79 Generally, the contractual remedy for a breach of warranty is an award of
damages: Robert Thompson, Sinclair on Warranties and Indemnities on Share and
Asset Sales (Sweet & Maxwell, 9th Ed, 2014) at para 3-01. This will be the
standard relief until and unless damages are shown to be an inadequate remedy:
JD Heydon AC, M J Leeming, P G Turner, Meagar, Gummow & Lehane’s Equity
Doctrines and Remedies (LexisNexis, 5th Ed, 2015) at 20-030. Damages may be
inadequate for a variety of reasons. The broad rule is that damages are
inadequate where the subject matter of the contract is special and only
specific performance can vindicate the (unfulfilled) expectation interest.
Illustrative examples are contracts for the sale of land (which the law
recognises has special value/meaning) or unique chattels (eg, rare china jars
in Falcke v Gray (1859) 4 Drew 651 at 658; or prize-winning racehorses in Borg
v Howlett (1996) 8 BPR 15, 535 at 538). When a plaintiff establishes his
entitlement to specific performance, he may seek to enforce contracts by
injunctions (as Borneo Ventures has sought to do): I.C.F. Spry, The Principles
of Equitable Remedies – Specific Performance, Injunctions, Rectification and
Equitable Damages (Sweet & Maxwell, 9th Ed, 2014) at p 590.

80 In the present case, there is no proof that damages would be an inadequate
remedy for the breach. The expectation interest remained substantially
unaffected. As Goi (GSH’s representative in the purchase) remarked, Borneo
Ventures was “buying a 27-hole golf course, golf club and two hotels”. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

Transcript 22 July 2019, p 35 lines 8 – 9.

That was in substance, what it had intended to purchase. It has received all
that. We appreciate that there could well be an argument that the SA
contemplated the purchase of the Subject Land as well. Land, being of special
value, is typically ordered to be transferred when a contract for the sale of
such land falls through. But that would be assuming that SHGCC never intended
to part with the Subject Land. Pertinently, in the Malaysian Judgment, it was
held that the proprietary interest of the land lay with OBSB, not SHGCC. For
the reasons set out in [48] to [76] above, we have recognised and accepted
that finding. SHGCC cannot now, attempt to claim the land by a backdoor
mandatory injunction. Indeed, the fact that the land was not part of the SA
cannot truly be described as a ‘loss’. The Subject Land was never intended to
be part of the SA in the first place (again, a finding made in the Malaysian
Judgment that we have accepted). What then was the true loss here? The breach
of the Land Warranty represented a lost opportunity for GSH to bargain for a
lower purchasing price on account of that as well as potential tax
liabilities. Payment of damages would adequately address the losses.

Damages and Costs

81 In our view, the appropriate amount of damages should be based on the fair
market value of the Subject Land at the time of purchase, with interest. This
would have been the amount that would have been deducted from the acquisition
price if GSH had been properly apprised of the fact that the Subject Land was
not part of the deal. The award of damages should also have regard to any tax
liability incurred by SHGCC on account of the S&P, and any tax penalties that
SHGCC would be required to pay due to the S&P. Based on the figure so arrived
at, Ong should only pay to Borneo Ventures 77.5% of the same, as under the SA,
Borneo Ventures only acquired 77.5% of the shares of SH Group and the
remaining still belong to Ong.

82 Awarding the full measure (rather than 77.5%) of the sums described above
would result in both a windfall for Borneo Ventures and an excessively
punitive result for Ong. Borneo Ventures, in purchasing shares in the SH
Group, only paid for 77.5% of the company. That meant it was only purchasing
77.5% of the SH Group’s assets. If the Subject Land had been inadvertently
excluded from the purchase, it would mean that Borneo Ventures had been, in
the most approximate sense, short-changed of 77.5% of the Subject Land. That
is the loss which the damages should address. In a similar vein, any tax
liability incurred by the SH Group due to the S&P would have been shouldered
by all of its shareholders, in an amount proportionate to their respective
shareholdings: Borneo Ventures would have shouldered 77.5%, while Ong would
have taken on 22.5%. To make Ong pay Borneo Ventures for all of the tax
liability incurred (ie. 100%) would have (a) overcompensated Borneo Ventures
and (b) penalised Ong twice for the same wrongdoing. That would not be just.
The fairer result is to apportion damages according to their respective
shareholdings in the SH Group.

83 We therefore order an inquiry be held before the Registrar to assess (a)
the damages due to Borneo Ventures and (b) the rate and period for which
interest should be payable on the sum of damages awarded.

84 In view of the fact that Ong has succeeded in relation to the issues of the
Disposal Warranty and the Arm’s Length Warranty, as well as on the relief
granted, we order that each party shall bear its own costs in relation to this
appeal. As regards the question of costs at the trial, we think that the costs
order made by the Judge ought to be adjusted with Borneo Ventures being
entitled to only 50% of the costs at trial. As regards the costs of the
Inquiry before the Registrar, we shall leave that to the Registrar, who will
be best able to take into account the positions adopted by the parties on the
matters he is tasked to inquire into and his eventual rulings on those
matters.

Judith Prakash  
Justice of the Court of Appeal| Chao Hick Tin  
Senior Judge  
---|---  
Belinda Ang  
Judge of the Appellate Division|  
  
Lem Jit Min Andy, Selvaratnam Sharmini Sharon, Poon Pui Yee and Zhuang
Changzhong (Harry Elias Partnership LLP) for the appellant.  
Teh Guek Ngor Engelin SC, Yeo Yian Hui Mark, Huen Hui Min Jessie and Lim Xiao
Wei Charmaine (Engelin Teh Practice LLC) for the respondent.  

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 08 Mar 2021 (17:03 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

