Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC 175

Suit No 743 of 2019

Between

Tan Chin Hock  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

Teo Cher Koon  
---  
  
… Defendant

Suit 1089 of 2020

Between

Tan Thiam Chye  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

Tan Chin Hock  
---  
  
… Defendant

judgment

[Contract] — [Formation]

[Tort] — [Misrepresentation]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Tan Chin Hock

  
v

  

Teo Cher Koon and another suit

[2021] SGHC 175

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 743 of 2019 and Suit No 1089 of
2020  
Lai Siu Chiu SJ  
22–26 Feb, 8–12, 22 March, 4 June 2021

12 July 2021 Judgment reserved.

Lai Siu Chiu SJ:

1 Both these cases turn on one question: Why did Tan Thiam Chye transfer
S$2,314,041.39 (“the Sum”) to Tan Chin Hock, and other persons as directed by
Tan Chin Hock, in November 2014?

2 In Suit 743 of 2019 (“Suit 743”), Tan Chin Hock (“TCH”) who is the plaintiff
says that Tan Thiam Chye (“TTC”) made the transfer on the instructions of Teo
Cher Koon (“Teo”), as partial compensation to TCH for his investment losses
pursuant to an indemnity given by Teo. TCH now claims the balance sum of
S$2,732,149.61 from the defendant Teo. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Tan Chin Hock’s Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 1) for Suit 743 dated 28
January 2020 (“TCH SOC”) at para 22.

He also claims damages for alleged misrepresentations made by Teo.

3 In Suit 1089 of 2020 (“Suit 1089”), TTC as the plaintiff says that he lent
the Sum to TCH who failed to repay him on the due date of 13 August 2015. He
sues TCH for repayment of the loan.

The facts

The parties

4 Teo is the managing-director and president of ISDN Holdings Limited
(“ISDN”), a company listed on the Singapore Stock Exchange (“SGX”). 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Teo’s Affidavit-of-Evidence-in-Chief (“AEIC”) for Suit 743 dated 21 January
2021 (“TCK 743 AEIC”) at para 1.

TCH describes himself as a “businessman by occupation”, and an “investor in
the stock market and various business ventures” for “the last 20 years or so”.
3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Tan Chin Hock’s AEIC for Suit 743 dated 21 January 2021 (“TCH 743 AEIC”) at
para 8.

TTC is a businessman specialising in the import and export of foodstuffs. He
first met Teo in or around 2010 in an event organised by ISDN. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Tan Thiam Chye’s AEIC for Suit 743 dated 21 January 2021 (“TTC 743 AEIC”) at
paras 1 and 3; Transcript, 26 February 2021 at pp 464, 477.

5 While they are not parties to the present suits, the two other key persons
involved are Goh Yeu Toh (“GYT”) and Goh Yeo Hwa (“GYH”). GYH is GYT’s younger
brother. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Transcript, 12 March 2021 at p 459, lines 2–4.

GYT was previously a director of a public company, Wee Hur Holdings Limited
(“Wee Hur”), although he was no longer one at the time of the trial. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Transcript, 12 March 2021 at p 458 line 22–p 459 line 1.

GYH is a shareholder of Wee Hur and also its executive director and co-
founder. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Transcript, 24 February 2021 at p 275, lines 4–8 and 23–25.

GYH was introduced to Teo and TTC by TCH. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Transcript, 24 February 2021 at p 281, lines 16–24.

Background to the dispute

6 Teo and TTC were introduced to TCH in 2012 through mutual acquaintances via
a meeting at the Riverview Hotel (“the Hotel”). From 2012 to 2013, the three
of them would meet several times a week usually at the Hotel. On most
occasions, a few of their business associates would join the meetings. During
these meetings, TCH claims he was “frequently briefed” about Teo’s plans for
ISDN, including expansion overseas. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

TCH 743 AEIC at paras 9–11.

7 In late 2012, TCH was introduced to a potential investment opportunity
involving a coal mine company in Myanmar, by one Sng Thiam Hock (“Sng”) a
broker with DMG & Partners. The coal mine company was Tun Thwin Mining Co Ltd
(“Tun Thwin Mining”). Sng told TCH that Tun Thwin Mining was an excellent
company with good coal mines and was looking for investors to help them with a
potential IPO. TCH informed Teo in turn of this opportunity – Teo requested to
go to Myanmar with TCH to meet Tun Thwin Mining.

January to March 2013: The Myanmar trips, placements, and Married Deals

8 On or about 8 January 2013, TCH, GYH (then a director of Wee Hur), and some
of their associates made a three-day trip to Myanmar to visit Tun Thwin Mining
to explore the viability of a coal-related energy venture (the “Myanmar Energy
Project”). 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

TCH 743 AEIC at paras 14–17; Transcript, 24 February 2021 at p 281, lines
5–15.

9 On 14 March 2013, ISDN announced that it had entered into a private
placement agreement with UOB Kay Hian Pte Ltd (“UOB Kay Hian”) to issue 36
million placement shares at S$0.24 per share (“First Placement”). 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

TCH SOC at para 5; Agreed Bundle of Documents for Suit 743 (“1AB 743”) at p
17.

GYH and his family members subscribed to the First Placement. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Transcript, 24 February 2021 at p 282 line 19–p 283 line 10.

10 On 21 March 2013, Teo sold 26 million ISDN shares held by Assetraise
Holdings Limited (“Assetraise”), a company that he beneficially owned. 14.5
million shares were transferred to GYT, in a deal negotiated by GYH (“ the Goh
Yeu Toh Deal”) while 11.5 million shares were transferred to TTC (“Tan Thiam
Chye Deal”). 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

TCH 743 AEIC at para 23; Transcript, 24 February 2021 at pp 304–306.

The nature of these transactions (the “March 2013 Married Deals”) is disputed.
Teo says that these were both genuine deals. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

TCK 743 AEIC at para 40.

TCH however claims that the deals were for Teo to “park” his ISDN shares with
the Goh brothers and TTC so that it would be more convenient for Teo to sell
the shares when the ISDN share price increased. TCH says he knew this because
Teo had asked TCH’s broker to assist him. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

TCH 743 AEIC at paras 21–22.

11 There was a second trip to Myanmar from 30 March to 1 April 2013, involving
Teo, TCH and TTC. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Transcript, 25 February 2021 at p 336; Transcript, 26 February 2021 at pp
568–569.

Teo says he found the Myanmar Energy Project “quite promising” and discussed
funding for the project with TCH who suggested arranging a second share
placement. ISDN announced on 31 March 2013 that it was halting the trade of
ISDN shares. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Transcript, 25 February 2021 at p 376, lines 5–12.

On 3 April 2013, ISDN announced that it had entered into another private
placement agreement with UOB Kay Hian to issue up to 23.73 million shares at
S$0.45 per share (“Second Placement”). 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

TCH 743 AEIC at para 30; 1AB 743 at p 52.

April to June 2013: ISDN’s announcements

12 From April to June 2013, ISDN announced that on the following dates it
and/or its subsidiaries, had entered into several Memorandums of Understanding
(“MOU(s)”) and Joint Venture Agreements (“JVA(s)”):

(a) 5 April 2013: MOU dated 5 April 2013 between ISDN and China Huadian
Engineering Co Ltd (“Huadian”) to collaborate on energy-related projects in
Southeast Asia. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

1AB 743 at p 66.

(b) 3 May 2013: MOU dated 1 May 2013 between ISDN and its subsidiaries, and
Tun Thwin Mining, to form a joint venture company to invest in, develop,
construct and manage a coal-fired power plant in Myanmar (“Power Plant”), and
to acquire concession rights for a Burmese coal mine (“the Coal Mine”). 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

1AB 743 at p 69.

(c) 22 May 2013: JVA dated 20 May 2013 between ISDN Myanmar Energy Pte Ltd, a
wholly-owned subsidiary of ISDN, and Tun Thwin Mining, to form a joint venture
company to acquire concession rights to the Coal Mine and develop it for coal
production. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

1AB 743 at p 73.

(d) 1 June 2013: JVA dated 30 May 2013 between ISDN Myanmar Power Pte Ltd, a
wholly-owned subsidiary of ISDN, and Tun Thwin Mining, to form a joint venture
company to engage in the business of investment, development, construction,
operation and management of the Power Plant. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

1AB 743 at p 77.

(e) 5 June 2013: MOU dated 4 June 2013 between ISDN and IDI Infrastructures
Inc (“IDI”), to collaborate on energy projects in Southeast Asia. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

1AB 743 at pp 81–85.

13 ISDN’s share price increased during the period of the above announcements.
24

##### Foot Note 24

×

TCK 743 AEIC at para 49.

TCH testified that from February to September 2013, he and other associates
who attended the meetings at the Hotel bought hundreds of millions of ISDN
shares because Teo and TTC kept telling them “how good the company was”. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Transcript, 22 February 2021 at p 97 line 19–p 98 line 4.

In July 2013, TCH and his associates bought close to 50 million shares with
TCH being the third largest single buyer in that month. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Transcript, 22 February 2021 at p 90, lines 14–19; p 91, lines 14–24.

September to December 2013: The penny stock crash

14 When the penny stock crash occurred around late September to early October
2013, ISDN’s share price began to drop. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

TCK 743 AEIC at para 8; 1AB 743 at p 719.

According to TCH’s statement of claim in Suit 743, around late September 2013,
he met with Teo and TTC on at least two occasions (the “September 2013
Meetings”). At the September 2013 Meetings, Teo allegedly made the following
statements to TCH to induce him to buy ISDN shares and prop up the share price
so as not to jeopardise the Myanmar Energy Project: 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

TCH SOC at para 15; Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions for Suit 743 dated 4 May
2021 (“PCS 743”) at para 41.

(a) ISDN needed more time to finalise the Myanmar Energy Project, which was
near the verge of being finalised (“Representation 1”);

(b) if the share price of ISDN continued to drop, then this may jeopardise the
Myanmar Energy Project and the other expansion plans of ISDN (“Representation
2”);

(c) due to the placement agreements, married deals and announcements made by
ISDN, ISDN was a good investment prospect and its share price would rise once
the Myanmar Energy Project was concluded (“Representation 3”);

(d) TCH would be able to sell his ISDN shares and liquidate his investment
once the Myanmar Energy Project had concluded and the ISDN share price
increased (“Representation 4”);

(e) if TCH should suffer any loss from his investment in ISDN, Teo promised to
personally make good those losses and hold TCH “harmless for any losses” he
might suffer as a result of investing in ISDN shares (the “Alleged
Indemnity”); and

(f) it was within Teo’s power to request TTC to sell ISDN shares that were in
the name of TTC to make good the Alleged Indemnity (“Representation 5”).

15 TCH says that, in reliance on Representations 1–5 (the “Alleged
Representations”) and the Alleged Indemnity, he acquired 20.49 million ISDN
shares in September to December 2013 for S$13,396,201.85. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

TCH SOC at para 16.

The shares were bought and sold across that period but at no point did he own
more than 5% of ISDN’s total shareholding (for which he would have been
required to disclose under the Securities and Futures Act (Cap 289, 2006 Rev
Ed)). According to him, he did not have enough money to buy the requisite
number of ISDN shares to prop up the share price, so he asked his brother, Tan
Chin Tuan, and two friends, Tan Ah Ee and Ho Siow Poh (collectively the “Third
Parties”), if he could use their accounts to buy shares. He told the Third
Parties that any losses they suffered would be covered by Teo pursuant to the
Alleged Indemnity since TCH was the one using their accounts. He says Teo was
aware that he was buying shares on the Third Parties’ accounts and that Teo
would be responsible for any losses incurred on their accounts. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

TCH 743 AEIC at paras 45–50.

He claims from Teo the losses of the Third Parties in Suit 743. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Transcript, 10 March 2021 at p 255, lines 20–24.

16 TCH says that two announcements made by ISDN in October 2013 reinforced his
belief that the Alleged Indemnity and the Alleged Representations were
reliable: 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

TCH 743 AEIC at para 41.

(a) 18 October 2013: ISDN issued a press release announcing that it expected
its coal and hydropower ventures to require “a capital injection” of
approximately S$150 million from ISDN. From ISDN’s recent issuance of
warrants, it expected a cash inflow of approximately S$111 million if the
warrants were exercised within five years, up to 2018. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

1AB 743 at p 87.

The conversion price of the warrants was S$0.60. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Transcript, 25 February 2021 at p 414, lines 2–7.

ISDN stated that it would need US$80 million for seven hydropower plant
projects in Indonesia, and that the development of the “540 MW coal-fired
power plant” was expected to cost about US$1.1 billion. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

1AB 743 at p 88.

(b) 23 October 2013: ISDN announced it had signed a second MOU with IDI for
the development of “540 megawatt coal-fired power plant in North West
Myanmar”. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

1AB 743 at p 91.

Teo testified that this was for a “different project” from the Power Plant
mentioned in ISDN’s 1 June announcement, as this concerned a “specific 450
megawatt” power plant. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Transcript, 25 February 2021 at p 428, lines 2–8.

17 TCH claims that both Teo and TTC were aware of TCH’s arrangements with the
Third Parties, the Alleged Indemnity and the Alleged Representations. To this
end, Teo regularly sent TCH the updated lists of ISDN’s shareholders and
warrant holders from 3 December 2013 to 26 May 2014 so that TCH could monitor
any changes to the list of shareholders and warrant holders. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

TCH 743 AEIC at paras 52–53.

TCH’s evidence was that Teo wanted him to “have confidence in the company” and
“to understand that the number of shares held by the major shareholders did
not give rise to big changes”. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Transcript, 11 March 2021 at p 353, lines 4–12.

18 However, TTC’s version is that the shareholders’ lists were sent to him and
TCH by Teo because in October and November 2013, TCH and TTC had obtained non-
recourse loans from Equities First Holdings LLC (“the EFH loans”) by pledging
ISDN shares, and they wanted to monitor the ISDN share movements to ensure
there would not be unauthorised disposal of the ISDN shares by the said
lender. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Transcript, 8 March 2021 at p 96, lines 14–20.

In October and November 2014, both himself and TCH defaulted on the EFH loans,
resulting in all their pledged ISDN shares being forfeited. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Tan Thiam Chye’s AEIC for Suit 1089 dated 17 February 2021 (“TTC 1089 AEIC”)
at para 16, pp 211–216.

19 ISDN did not finalise the Myanmar Energy Project by end 2013, and the share
price fell further. TCH claims to have lost S$5,046,191 as a result. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

TCH SOC at paras 18–19.

Events of 2014: TTC’s payments to TCH

20 TCH says he asked Teo in early 2014 to make good on his losses, pursuant to
the Alleged Indemnity. Teo told him to be patient. TCH says that, by November
2014, he was “in extreme need for cash” and pressed Teo for at least partial
repayment. He claims that Teo made partial repayment of S$2,314,041.39 to him
from 13 to 24 November 2013 by instructing TTC to sell 8 million ISDN shares
belonging to Teo (that were held in TTC’s account) and to transfer the
proceeds to TCH. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

TCH 743 AEIC at paras 56–57.

21 TTC does not dispute that he sold 8 million ISDN shares and transferred the
proceeds to TCH (and other persons as directed by TCH) in November 2014, but
he says this was a loan to TCH (the “Alleged Loan Agreement”), who was in
financial difficulty at the time. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Tan Thiam Chye’s Statement of Claim dated 11 November 2020 for Suit 1089 (“TTC
SOC”) at para 2(1).

He claims TCH told him that he was assisting in a public listing of TLV
Holdings Limited (“TLV”), and would be able to repay the loan to TTC. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

TTC SOC at para 2(3).

I set out the details of the sale of the 8 million ISDN shares below: 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

TTC SOC at para 4; Plaintiff’s Core Bundle of Documents for Suit 1089 dated 24
February 2021 (“PCB 1089”) at pp 290–292.

Date of sale of ISDN Shares| Number of ISDN Shares sold| ISDN Sales Proceeds
received by Tan Thiam Chye (S$)  
---|---|---  
13 November 2014 | 2 million| 578,510.55  
14 November 2014| 3 million| 867,765.84  
17 November 2014| 3 million| 867,765.84  
Total| 8 million| 2,314,042.23  
  
22 TTC then transferred S$2,314,041.39 to TCH and to other persons identified
to receive the sums, in the following manner: 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

TTC SOC at para 5.

Date of payment made by Tan Thiam Chye| Name of recipient or cheque payee|
Mode of payment| Amount paid (SGD)  
---|---|---|---  
13 November 2014| TCH| Cash| 578,510.55 48

##### Foot Note 48

× PCB 1089 at p 289.  
19 November 2014| Tan Kim Sing| UOB Cheque| 350,000.00 49

##### Foot Note 49

× PCB 1089 at pp 294–295.  
20 November 2014| Tan Chin Tuan| UOB Cheque| 200,000.00 50

##### Foot Note 50

× PCB 1089 at pp 296–297.  
20 November 2014| TCH| UOB Cheque| 317,765.84 51

##### Foot Note 51

× PCB 1089 at pp 296, 298.  
24 November 2014| Lee Kwang Hwee| UOB Cheque| 300,000.00 52

##### Foot Note 52

× PCB 1089 at pp 299–300.  
24 November 2014| TCH| UOB Cheque| 567,765.00 53

##### Foot Note 53

× PCB 1089 at pp 299, 301.  
Total| 2,314,041.39  
  
23 The six transfers from TTC were recorded in six payment vouchers (the
“Payment Vouchers”), signed by both TCH and TTC. With regards to the sale of
the first 2 million ISDN shares on 13 November 2014, TTC says (which TCH
accepts) that he transferred his own money to TCH, pending the former’s
receipt of the sale proceeds of S$578,510.55. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Transcript, 24 February 2021 at p 212, line 8–p 213 line 2.

On 13 November 2014, TTC asked his broker, Peter Liaw (“Liaw”), of DBS Vickers
Securities (S) Pte Ltd (“DBS Vickers”), the exact sum he would be receiving so
he could record this in the payment voucher. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

TTC 1089 AEIC at para 24; p 285.

The other payments were only effected when TTC received the sale proceeds of
the ISDN shares.

24 For completeness, it should be noted that there is a difference of S$0.84
between the sale proceeds and money transferred by TTC because, according to
TTC, TCH had agreed that the shortfall be waived when he collected the last
cheque issued on 24 November 2014, since TTC had already issued the cheque. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

TTC SOC at para 6.

25 After the 8 million ISDN shares were sold, TTC sent Teo a WhatsApp message
on 17 November 2014 informing him of the sale and requesting that Teo assist
to “make public announcement as required”. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

TTC 1089 AEIC at para 25; p 288.

26 TTC claims it was a term of the Alleged Loan Agreement that, immediately
upon the successful public listing of TLV or within 9 months from the date of
the Alleged Loan Agreement, whichever was earlier, TCH would repay
S$2,314,041.39 to TTC if the price of the ISDN shares at the repayment date
remained at or fell below the price at which they were sold by TTC. If the
price of the ISDN shares at the repayment date exceeded the price at which
they were sold by TTC, TCH would procure 8 million ISDN shares from the open
market and transfer them to TTC (the “Agreement Terms”). On 17 September 2015,
TLV was publicly listed. Pursuant to the Agreement Terms, the loan should have
been repaid to TTC on 13 August 2015, 9 months from the date of the Alleged
Loan Agreement. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

TTC SOC at paras 3, 8.

Events from November 2015: Tan Chin Hock’s Letters of Demand

27 TCH denies the existence of the Alleged Loan Agreement. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Transcript, 12 March 2021 at p 438.

On 24 November 2015, TCH sent a letter to Teo (the “First Letter of Demand”).
60

##### Foot Note 60

×

TCH SOC at para 24(c)(i); TTC 1089 AEIC at p 393.

In the First Letter of Demand, TCH’s solicitors demanded payment of
S$6,671,349.62, on the basis of Teo’s representation to TCH that it would be a
good investment to acquire shares in ISDN and Teo’s promise to make good on
any losses suffered by TCH as a result of investing in ISDN shares.

28 Teo called TTC on 25 November 2015 to inform him of the First Letter of
Demand. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

TTC 1089 AEIC at para 33.

In a WeChat message from Teo to TTC on 26 November 2015, Teo wrote: 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

TTC 1089 AEIC at pp 400–401.

I discussed with Kenneth, and he said that he was also helping Tarka boss
solve the same problem, all related to that annoying person. He said that as
long as you also send a lawyer’s letter to claim a repayment from that
annoying person, his accusation will collapse. The fact is that you lent him
money, but he used it to attack me. Although you did not have a contract with
him, this letter proves that he took money from you, and you may still be able
to get back the money that you lent him. I’m on a high-speed train now and
will talk to you after 11 o’clock.

29 TTC says he was overseas on a business trip at the time, and only received
a hard copy of the First Letter of Demand from Teo when he returned to
Singapore around 5 December 2015. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

TTC 1089 AEIC at para 37.

In cross-examination, he explained that Teo had called him on 25 November 2015
and sent him a soft copy of the First Letter of Demand over WhatsApp the same
day, but he did not include this in his AEIC as it was no different from the
hard copy he received from Teo on 5 December 2015. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Transcript, 8 March 2021 at p 136, lines 15–17; p 139, lines 12–20;
Transcript, 9 March 2021 at p 169, lines 14–22; Plaintiff’s Bundle of
Documents in Suit 1089 dated 6 March 2021 (“PB 1089”) at p 28.

On 6 December 2015, Teo replied to the First Letter of Demand (“6 December
2015 Letter”), stating: 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

TCK 1089 AEIC at pp 201–202.

[…] I verified with Mr Tan Thiam Chye the contents of the letter and sent a
copy of the letter to him. It seems that your client is using the loan from Mr
Tan Thiam Chye as a fact to request repayment from me. In other words, he
attempted to blackmail me using legal means. Mr Tan Thiam Chye went overseas
last night but he said that he has sent a letter of demand to your client
asking for repayment of his loan. Therefore, please get your facts right
before acting for Mr Tan Chin Hock. […]

30 On 20 December 2015, TTC wrote a letter to TCH to refute his allegations
and to demand repayment of the loan (“20 December 2015 Letter”), It was sent
by registered mail on 28 December 2015. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

TTC 1089 AEIC at para 38; pp 407–409.

The letter stated:

[…] I do not understand why you claimed that my loan to you was a repayment
from him to you.

You should remember that you pestered me to lend you more than 2 million
dollars and said that it was just to temporarily tide you over. Once your
contemplated IPO is launched, you would repay me. Even though I was not
convinced at that time, I still lent you more than 2 million dollars as I felt
sorry for you. Now your IPO has launched and it is time you return me the
money.

When will you honour your promise and repay me the full sum? […]

TCH says he did not receive the 20 December 2015 Letter. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Transcript, 23 February 2021 at p 184, lines 15–18.

31 Almost four years later, on 4 July 2019, TCH’s solicitors sent Teo a second
letter claiming a sum of S$2,732,149 (the “Second Letter of Demand”), as
recalculated by TCH on their advice. This letter also referred to the 6
December 2015 Letter. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

TCK 1089 AEIC at paras 28–29; p 204.

On 23 July 2019, TCH’s solicitors filed Suit 743.

32 On 31 January 2020, Teo sent TTC a WhatsApp message asking if the loan that
he extended to TCH was “more than six years old”, and TTC replied saying that
the six years would “be due” in “November 2020”. On 14 October 2020, TTC and
Teo exchanged emails, copying Teo’s solicitors, with Teo requesting TTC to
provide him with information concerning the Tan Thiam Chye Deal in March 2013.
69

##### Foot Note 69

×

TCK 1089 AEIC at pp 192–195.

TTC’s solicitors filed Suit 1089 on 11 November 2020.

Issues to be determined

33 On 12 January 2021, in Summons 5632 of 2020, this court ordered Suit 1089
to be tried shortly after Suit 743, on the basis that the evidence adduced in
one suit would apply to the other. Consequently, the evidence adduced at both
trials is taken into consideration in this consolidated judgment for both
suits.

34 The following issues arise for the court’s determination:

(a) Was the Alleged Indemnity given by Teo to TCH?

(b) Did Teo make the Alleged Representations to TCH?

(c) Were the payments by TTC to TCH made pursuant to the Alleged Loan
Agreement or were they for some other purpose?

Was the Alleged Indemnity given by Teo to TCH?

The parties’ cases

35 Counsel for TCH in Suit 743, Mr Low Chai Chong (“Mr Low”), argues that the
contemporaneous documents and conduct of the parties corroborate TCH’s
position that Teo gave him the Alleged Indemnity in September 2013. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

PCS 743 at para 127.

His key arguments are as follows:

(a) First, Teo had good reason to want to keep ISDN share prices high and give
TCH the Alleged Indemnity. Teo was the largest single shareholder and had the
most to gain, and Teo had to convince the market that ISDN was able to raise
enough money for its energy projects. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

PCS 743 at paras 133–135.

(b) Second, the March 2013 Married Deals were not genuine deals but were
intended for Teo to “park” his shares with the Goh brothers and TTC. The
shares parked with GYT were only sold on Teo’s instructions, with the proceeds
transferred to parties linked to Teo. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

PCS 743 at paras 167, 172.

As for the Tan Thiam Chye Deal, the documents raise more questions than
answers as they contain patent errors any trained lawyer would be highly
unlikely to make. It would not make sense for TTC to pay millions to Teo for a
non-controlling stake in ISDN, at exact market price, just days after the
announcement of the First Placement on 14 March 2013. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

PCS 743 at paras 183, 186.

(c) Third, the documentary evidence, the parties’ conduct and correspondence
corroborate TCH’s position that the Alleged Indemnity was granted. The parties
routinely entered into oral agreements without any written records, and also
regularly discussed and entered into business deals at the Hotel. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

PCS 743 at paras 193–195.

Teo and TTC presented TCH with the ISDN shareholders and warrant lists so that
he could monitor any changes in the shareholdings and warrant holdings. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

PCS 743 at paras 200, 204.

The Payment Vouchers do not indicate that the payments were a loan, and the
Agreement Terms are merely an afterthought as they were not mentioned earlier
and they do not make commercial sense for TTC. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

PCS 743 at paras 213–215.

The WhatsApp message sent to Teo by TTC on 17 November 2014 shows that the
latter was accounting for the proceeds disbursed to TCH pursuant to the
Alleged Indemnity, and the message from Teo on 26 November 2015 shows he was
giving TTC instructions to draft the 20 December 2015 Letter and fabricate the
Alleged Loan Agreement. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

PCS 743 at paras 217(d), 218.

36 On the other hand, counsel for Teo in Suit 743, Mr Sarjit Singh Gill SC
(“Mr Gill”), argues that the Alleged Indemnity is a pure fabrication by TCH.
He submits that the court should draw an adverse inference against TCH under
Section 116 of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed) (“Evidence Act”) for
failing to call material witnesses like Tan Ah Ee, Ho Siow Poh and Robert Lim.
78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions for Suit 743 dated 4 May 2021 (“DCS 743”) at
para 35.

His key arguments are as follows:

(a) First, there is no documentary evidence or contemporaneous records of the
Alleged Indemnity. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

DCS 743 at para 44.

Nothing in the Payment Vouchers supports TCH’s assertions that the transfers
to him were made on Teo’s instructions. The only evidence is TCH’s unreliable
testimony that the Tan Thiam Chye Deal was not genuine, but he could not
produce evidence to support this assertion and even said he did not have
personal knowledge of the deal. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

DCS 743 at paras 50, 79.

TCH was emailed the lists of ISDN shareholders and warrant holders in the
context of the EFH loans. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

DCS 743 at paras 86–88.

(b) Second, TCH’s subjective evidence is completely unreliable and
untrustworthy. He was vague and evasive on the stand and became “difficult and
aggressive” when confronted with inconsistent or misleading evidence. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

DCS 743 at paras 60, 63.

(c) Third, the factual matrix does not support the existence of this
“commercially absurd” Alleged Indemnity. There was no personal benefit Teo
could derive from giving this unlimited personal indemnity, and in fact it
would be hugely detrimental to him. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

DCS 743 at paras 100, 110.

TCH was trading substantial amounts of ISDN shares from February to September
2013, and there was no reason for Teo to suddenly offer the Alleged Indemnity
to him in September 2013 to induce him to invest further. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

DCS 743 at paras 119, 123.

In fact, TCH significantly reduced the volumes of his trades from 30 September
2013 onwards, which is inconsistent with the behaviour of someone who has just
been given an unlimited indemnity. The more probable explanation is that TCH’s
trading of ISDN shares between September and December 2013 was solely
influenced by the penny stock crash. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

DCS 743 at paras 124–128.

(d) Finally, there was no intention to create legal relations between TCH and
Teo. There was no discussion on the terms of the Alleged Indemnity and no
documentation of the arrangement. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

DCS 743 at para 134.

The distinctively social setting of the Hotel, where the parties’ meetings
took place, shows that such meetings were of a casual nature. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

DCS 743 at paras 138, 144.

The law

37 The approach to determining the existence of an oral agreement was set out
by the High Court in ARS v ART and another [2015] SGHC 78 (“ARS v ART”) at
[53]:

(a) the court will consider the relevant documentary evidence (such as written
correspondence) and contemporaneous conduct of the parties at the material
time;

(b) where possible, the court should look first at the relevant documentary
evidence;

(c) the availability of relevant documentary evidence reduces the need to rely
on the credibility of witnesses in order to ascertain if an oral agreement
exists;

(d) oral testimony may be less reliable as it is based on the witness’
recollection and may be affected by subsequent events (such as the dispute
between the parties);

(e) credible oral testimony may clarify the existing documentary evidence;

(f) where the witness is not legally trained, the court should not place undue
emphasis on the choice of words; and

(g) if there is little or no documentary evidence, the court will nevertheless
examine the precise factual matrix to ascertain if there is an oral agreement
concluded between the parties.

38 In business and commercial arrangements, it is presumed that the parties do
intend to create legal relations. In social and domestic arrangements, there
is a presumption that parties do not intend to do so (Gay Choon Ing v Loh Sze
Ti Terence Peter and another appeal [2009] 2 SLR(R) 332 at [72]).

Applying the law to the facts

Documentary evidence

39 The court will first consider the relevant documentary evidence. This
comprises (i) the Payment Vouchers (and corresponding cheques) (ii) the
correspondence between TTC and Teo, and (iii) the emails received by TCH with
lists of ISDN shareholders and warrant holders (the “Shareholder List
Emails”).

40 It is the court’s view that the Payment Vouchers do show that the proceeds
from the sale of ISDN shares were transferred by TTC to TCH and other parties
in November 2014. However, there is no indication on the Payment Vouchers as
to the purpose of the payments and they do not, on their own, prove the
existence of the Alleged Indemnity. The same observation would equally apply
to the Shareholder List Emails.

41 However, the correspondence between TTC and Teo supports Teo’s version of
events. The WhatsApp message sent by TTC to Teo on 17 November 2014 states
that the former “sold 8 million shares of ISDN thru open mkt at the price of
0.29” and requested Teo to “assist to make public announcement as required”.
This message does not mention anything about repayment on Teo’s behalf
pursuant to the Alleged Indemnity. If the sale had been done pursuant to Teo’s
instructions and TTC was expected to account to him, it is more likely than
not that TTC would mention this in the message. It is unlikely that the
message was fabricated in anticipation of litigation given that it was sent
about a year before TCH sent the First Letter of Demand. On its face, this
message was sent solely for regulatory compliance with SGX rules, and not for
TTC to account to Teo for the sale of ISDN shares. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions for Suit 1089 dated 4 June 2021 (“PRS 1089”) at
para 19.

42 The WeChat message between TTC and Teo on 26 November 2015 would also
support Teo’s case. While TCH is not named in the message, this message was
sent shortly after TCH sent the First Letter of Demand, and the “annoying
person” referred to there, in context, is TCH. The letters sent by Teo and TTC
in response to TCH’s First Letter of Demand also indicate that both were
surprised by TCH’s claims. Their correspondence in January and October 2020,
before the trial of Suit 743, is consistent with that position. This court
finds it hard to believe that they would have persistently fabricated all of
such correspondence just to refute TCH’s claims.

43 Even so, the documentary evidence does not conclusively disprove the
existence of the Alleged Indemnity. It is therefore necessary to review the
oral testimony to clarify the documentary evidence.

Oral testimony

44 It is this court’s assessment that TCH was not a credible or reliable
witness, based on both his demeanour as well as the inconsistencies in his
evidence (see Ng Chee Chuan v Ng Ai Tee (administratrix of the estate of Yap
Yoon Moi, deceased [2009] 2 SLR(R) 918 at [14]). He repeatedly prevaricated
and was unable to give a consistent account of events.

45 In this regard, it would be useful to first set out some of the
inconsistencies in TCH’s evidence. One example concerned the circumstances of
the Alleged Indemnity. In his Statement of Claim, TCH said that the Alleged
Indemnity and Alleged Representations had been orally given to him by Teo in
the September 2013 Meetings, at which TTC was also present. In his Further and
Better Particulars in Suit 743 (“the S 743 F&BP”) dated 13 March 2020, he
stated that he could not recall the exact dates and times of the September
2013 Meetings, but said that only himself, TTC and Teo were present at the
meetings. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

TCK 743 AEIC at p 41.

Next, in his Further and Better Particulars of his defence dated 30 November
2020 for Suit 1089 (“the Suit 1089 F&BP”), TCH claimed that Teo had told him
in the September 2013 Meetings that “you need to try your best to help me
support” to which TCH replied “I can help you support, but if there are
losses, you need to be responsible”, to which Teo said, “You are helping me, I
definitely will be responsible.” It is noteworthy that the S 743 F&BP preceded
the S 1089 F&BP by eight months. Yet, TCH could recall in November 2020 what
he could not recall in March 2020.

46 TCH was also unable to recall further specific details of those meetings in
the documents filed before the trial. He then testified for the first time
during the trial that Teo had called him around 8am on 30 September 2013 and
told him that “[i]f the share price falls further, the funds from IDI will not
be able to go into his company, which would result in the Myanmar project
failing”. Teo thereafter made further subsequent representations to him at the
Hotel. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

Transcript, 23 February 2021 at p 126, lines 1–16, lines 21–22.

TCH then testified that Teo had given him the Alleged Indemnity to make good
his losses during this 8am telephone call, but he had not asked Teo how many
shares Teo wanted him to buy. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

Transcript, 23 February 2021 at p 132, lines 13–19.

Finally, TCH explained:

At 8-plus am in the morning, Mr Teo called me. He said, “Mr Tan, can you help
me? I need your help to support the share price”. I asked him why. He said,
“Because if the share price continues to fall, IDI may not come in and it may
cause the Myanmar project to fail. So I need your help to support the shares
and not to let the share price fall so rapidly”. So I thought about it and I
told him I will try my best to prop up the price. So that was the first call.
Subsequently, many times at the Riverview Hotel, he said this many times, but
not the exact same thing. He just said he needed my help then to help prop up
the price, and he said, “After this is over, you will not lose money, but if
you do, I will compensate you”. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

Transcript, 23 February 2021 at p 157, lines 2–16.

It is odd that TCH could recall the specific details of the 8am telephone call
on 30 September 2013 at the trial but did not include them in his AEIC, his
Statement of Claim or F&BP. His explanation during the trial was that he had
only recently seen the documents pertaining to the share transactions for that
period. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

Transcript, 24 February 2021 at p 226, lines 17–24.

The court accepts Mr Gill’s submission that this explanation is not
satisfactory let alone convincing because TCH would have seen such documents
before the trial. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

DCS 743 at para 68.

47 Other similar inconsistencies in TCH’s position became apparent during the
trial. For instance, TCH listed the announcements made by ISDN in May to June
2013 in his AEIC for Suit 743, and he also stated that ISDN’s announcements
about the Myanmar Energy Project in October 2013 “further reinforced his
belief” that the Alleged Representations and Alleged Indemnity from Teo were
reliable. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

TCH 743 AEIC at para 41.

This gave the impression that he had read those announcements. However, during
the trial, he revealed that he did not actually read any of these
announcements and was informed of them by Teo and TTC, who just repeated the
announcements to him, including the cautions. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

Transcript, 22 February 2021 at p 82, lines 4–7; p 83, lines 3–16.

48 TCH’s tendency to prevaricate and make excuses when confronted with the
inconsistencies in his evidence reinforced this court’s assessment that he was
not a credible witness. This can be seen from the examples listed below.

49 First, TCH deposed in his AEIC for Suit 743 that the sale proceeds of TTC’s
Mirach Energy shares on 13 November 2014 were not given to him by TTC. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

TCH 743 AEIC at para 59(d).

However, under cross-examination he acknowledged that this was not possible
when the Mirach Energy shares were sold at a contra loss. When the court
inquired if he was trying to mislead the court by this red herring, he
insisted that he had no intention of lying to the court but was unable to
provide any explanation for the false statement in his AEIC. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents for Suit 1089 dated 24 February 2021 (“1AB 1089”)
at p 1782; Transcript, 10 March 2021 at pp 310–312.

50 Second, during the trial, TCH testified that TTC told him that Teo had
agreed to make the partial repayment, and it was TTC who said that Teo had
asked him to sell the ISDN shares and pay him the sale proceeds. When asked
why this information was not in his AEIC for Suit 1089, his excuse was that
this was his first time in court and he did not know the procedure, even
though when asked by the court, he acknowledged that the AEIC had been
interpreted to him in Mandarin. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

Transcript, 10 March 2021 at pp 269–271.

He further contradicted himself when pressed on whether he had personal
knowledge of Teo’s direction to TTC to sell the ISDN shares. He said during
cross-examination that he did. However, when confronted with the Suit 1089
F&BP (where he had said he had no personal knowledge) he complained that he
was actually being asked a different question. Finally, he said that he was
verbally told about Teo’s direction by both Teo and TTC. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

Transcript, 10 March 2021 at p 288 line 22–p 289.

51 Similarly, when asked why he had not said in his defence for Suit 1089 that
TTC was holding cash on behalf of Teo and only said this at the trial, he
replied “I don’t know what you are trying to get at”, and only answered the
question after the court instructed him not to prevaricate. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

Transcript, 10 March 2021 at p 281, lines 9–18.

52 Given the many instances of TCH’s inconsistent evidence coupled with his
evasive demeanour, the court does not find him to be a credible witness. In
this regard, the court agrees with Mr Gill’s submission that TCH’s
explanations were most likely an afterthought. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

DCS 743 at para 69.

No reliance can be placed on his oral testimony.

53 On the other hand, Teo is a far more credible witness. He was more direct
and forthright in his answers and did not attempt to evade questions (ARS v
ART at [82]). Mr Low argued that Teo was evasive and refused to answer
relevant questions relating to ISDN and its decisions (eg, by giving non-
committal answers about ISDN’s intention to raise capital), hid the manner in
which the shareholder lists were circulated, gave contradictory evidence and
was not honest about his relationships with the various parties. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

PCS 743 at paras 78–82, 84–90, 91.

He similarly argues that TTC is not a credible witness and has tailored his
evidence to synchronise his position with Teo. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

PCS 743 at para 109.

Mr Low’s key arguments are as follows:

(a) Giving “commercially unsustainable” answers: Mr Low submits that Teo
changed his evidence when he said doing a placement might take a month, but
then said the Second Placement was conceived shortly after 30 March 2013 and
announced by 3 April 2013, although ISDN’s directors were briefed one or two
days before the ISDN trading halt on 31 March 2013. When being tested on his
evidence, Teo then said he cannot remember and made excuses that he could not
speak for ISDN. Mr Low’s point is that the March 2013 Married Deals were
completed between the First Placement and Second Placement, and it made no
sense for Teo to enter those deals at S$0.32 when Teo would have known that
the Second Placement (at S$0.45) was around the corner. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

PCS 743 at para 149.

The court returns to this issue at [108] below, but, suffice it to say, this
does not affect Teo’s credibility – it is not a point that is material to his
case, unlike the inconsistencies in TCH’s evidence.

(b) Shareholder List Emails: Mr Low submits that Teo gave contradictory
evidence on his requests for the shareholder lists and when he became aware
that TTC had pledged his shares to EFH. However, the court’s reading of Teo’s
evidence is that he became aware that TTC had pledged shares with EFH around
October 2013, but TCH began requesting the ISDN shareholder lists from Teo
around 3 December 2013. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

Transcript, 26 February 2021 at pp 489–490, 497.

Teo’s testimony is consistent with the documentary evidence, which shows the
first email being sent from Teo to TTC on 3 December 2013 with the list of
shareholders dated 30 September 2013, and then forwarded from TTC to TCH on
the same day; 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

1AB 743 at p 92.

Teo was not contradicting himself.

(c) Inconsistent evidence about when he cut ties with TCH: this is dealt with
at [125] below. Suffice it to say, this does not show Teo is not a credible
witness.

(d) Teo was not honest on the true nature of his relationships with TCH, GYH
and TTC: with respect, this submission is overblown. Teo agreed that he
considers himself and TTC friends, though perhaps not “good friends”. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

Transcript, 25 February 2021 at p 373, lines 7–8.

As for his relationship with TCH, he said that he viewed TCH as an
acquaintance. This is not inconsistent with Teo wanting to tap on TCH’s
network to assist ISDN in gathering more investors. In any event, being an
“acquaintance”, a “friend” or a “good friend” is a subjective assessment. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

Transcript, 25 February at p 355, lines 7–10.

Lastly, the court does not agree that Teo tried to downplay his relationship
with the Goh brothers. He was frank in explaining his dealings with the Goh
brothers and the events leading up to the share swap in March 2013. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

Transcript, 25 February 2021 at pp 335–336, 455.

54 In the light of this court’s assessment of Teo and TCH, the court moves
next to consider if any of the documentary evidence is clarified by the oral
testimony. It is this court’s view that the oral testimony does not affect its
interpretation of the Payment Vouchers one way or the other, since, on their
face, the documents do not indicate the purpose of the payments.

55 However, the oral testimony on the Shareholder List Emails supports TTC’s
explanation (see [18] above) that the lists were meant for him and TCH to
monitor ISDN share movements to ensure there would not be unauthorised
disposal of the ISDN shares under the EFH loans. TCH testified that the lists
were sent to him to “convince” him to “support” ISDN shares pursuant to the
Alleged Indemnity. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

Transcript, 11 March 2021 at p 352, line 25–p 353, line 6.

Apart from the fact that this evidence is not in his AEIC for Suit 743 (which
only says that the lists were for him to monitor changes to the list of
shareholders and warrant holders), the court notes that the first list was
forwarded to him by TTC on 3 December 2013. However, if he had been given the
Alleged Indemnity around 30 September 2013 and was already buying ISDN shares
since, it does not make sense for the shareholder lists to be sent to him two
months after that. Second, TCH claimed to have stopped buying ISDN shares
pursuant to the Alleged Indemnity around December 2013. This does not explain
why the last email was sent in May 2014, more than five months later. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

DCS 743 at para 86.

56 Third, TCH sought to distance himself from those emails during the trial,
saying that his wife opened the emails for him, that he could not read them,
that he did not know how to open the attachments, and that he did not know why
TTC sent the Shareholder List Emails to him. He also claimed that, while he
was shown the shareholder lists, those were different lists on a “big piece of
paper” and not the lists as shown in the emails. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

Transcript, 11 March 2021 at pp 350–352.

This contradicts his AEIC where he acknowledged receiving the emails from 3
December 2014 to 26 May 2014, and stated that they were sent to him to monitor
any changes to the list of shareholders and warrant holders. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

TCH 743 AEIC at para 53.

57 Lastly, the emails are consistent with the documentary evidence, as the
Shareholder List Emails were only sent after TTC and TCH had entered into
their EFH loan agreements in October and November 2013. It is to be noted that
TCH asserted for the first time at trial that he had used the money from the
EFH loan to support ISDN shares. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

DCS 743 at para 90; Transcript, 23 February 2021 at p 195, lines 17–18.

The court accepts Mr Gill’s submission that TCH could not satisfactorily
explain why he did not disclose the letter from Ice Miller LLP (counsel for
EFH) dated 27 October 2014 in Suit 743 showing that the ISDN shares he pledged
for the EFH loan taken in November 2013 had been forfeited due to his default.
116

##### Foot Note 116

×

2AB 743 at p 218.

This would have supported his case on the Alleged Indemnity, or, at the least,
was certainly relevant. The court finds that the Shareholder List Emails are
better explained by the EFH loans, and they do not support the existence of
the Alleged Indemnity.

58 There is other documentary evidence which pertains to the March 2013
Married Deals which will be addressed at [87] below.

Precise factual matrix

59 The next issue to be considered is whether the precise factual matrix
supports the existence of the Alleged Indemnity. In this regard, the court
agrees with Mr Gill’s submission that Teo would not have entered into such a
“commercially absurd” arrangement. The reasons are as follows.

60 First, the MOU between IDI and ISDN does not state that the share price
being maintained at a certain level was a condition precedent to the
investment. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

Transcript, 23 February 2021 at p 130, line 23–p 131, line 4; p 150, lines
1–9.

There was therefore no reason for Teo to give an unlimited or open-ended
indemnity out of his desperation to maintain the share price at a certain
level. Nor did any of the public announcements made by ISDN in 2013 refer to
ISDN share prices being maintained at a certain level as a condition for the
Myanmar Energy Project – in fact, as observed earlier, ISDN even advised its
shareholders in some of these announcements to exercise caution when trading
or dealing in their ISDN shares as there was no assurance of the projects
proceeding.

61 The fact that some of the announcements specifically included the cautions
also explains why Teo did not seem particularly concerned about raising
capital for the projects and he repeatedly said during the trial that were
many ways to “skin a cat”, ie, many ways to raise capital. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

Transcript, 25 February 2021 at p 392, lines 4–5.

It was clear that there was no guarantee the projects would proceed, and
shareholders were expressly advised to be cautious in buying and selling their
ISDN shares. It is not believable that Teo was desperate to raise capital at
the time.

62 Even if Teo wanted to raise capital to ensure investor confidence and
ensure that the Myanmar Energy Project would not attract negative publicity,
it is hard to believe that he would rely on the actions of a few investors, at
such a high risk to himself. As Teo said at trial: 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

Transcript, 25 February 2021 at p 443, lines 4–19.

I don’t understand how can any sensible person, all right, open an open-end
chequebook and give it to someone to rob him. All right. This type of
statement, he use it as an indemnity, as a representation against me, and to
claim me for the losses for his trading, not even investing. It is he is
trading the stock, buy and sell and buy and sell. And what do I gain? Why
should I give him this indemnity and give him in assurance? I, being a
publicly listed company boss for 2005 until now, I have never signed a
personal guarantee on behalf of the company. I am just one of the shareholder.
All right? Why should I give him this assurance, or this promise or this
indemnity or guarantee, you call it, just to maintain the share price for this
project? It doesn’t make logical sense to me.

63 Finally, as Teo said in his AEIC for Suit 743, if he had really wanted to
raise capital, the most logical move would be for him to buy the ISDN shares
himself and make a public announcement to show other investors he was
confident in ISDN’s financial performance. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

TCK 743 AEIC at para 36(b).

The court therefore does not agree with Mr Low that Teo was attempting to
mislead the court by “giving a false impression” about how ISDN was being
managed. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

PCS 743 at para 79.

Conduct of the parties

64 In any case, the contemporaneous conduct of the parties does not support
the existence of the Alleged Indemnity. First, TCH acknowledged that he and
his associates had already been “heavily buying” ISDN shares from February
2013, months before the Alleged Indemnity was purportedly given. There was no
reason for Teo to induce TCH to invest further in ISDN shares by giving him
the Alleged Indemnity, especially since there was no indication that TCH was
intending to stop. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

Transcript, 23 February 2021 at p 155, line 25–p 156, line 20.

In fact, there was a drop in the volume of his trading after 30 September
2013, the date he says he was given the Alleged Indemnity. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

DCS 743 at para 124; 2AB 743 at pp 222–236.

Such behaviour is inconsistent with his having been given an unlimited
indemnity.

65 Second, at the trial it was noted that TCH was buying shares in December
2013 and making losses on every purchase. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

Transcript, 23 February 2021 at p 180, lines 12–24.

TCH explained that he told Teo in the first week of December 2013 that he did
not want to continue helping Teo to prop up the ISDN share price, but because
there were “still many shares on hand”, he would “reduce the number slowly and
not throw all of them out at once into the market”, as that would “cause the
share price to fall rapidly”. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

Transcript, 23 February 2021 at p 177, lines 3–12; p 180, lines 5–9.

TCH did this because Teo asked him to “end it slowly” and TCH said that since
they were good friends, he would not “stop immediately and throw everything
out”. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

Transcript, 23 February 2021 at p 181, lines 3–13.

The court is unable to follow this logic. If TCH did not want to continue
propping up the ISDN share price and was confident that he had the Alleged
Indemnity under which he could claim back all his investment losses, he could
have just sold his ISDN shares and stopped trading entirely rather than incur
further losses through buying shares. It was not clear why TCH would be so
charitable to Teo at this time, when he himself had already lost money.

66 TCH denied having a further agreement with Teo to continue trading, and
claimed to be doing this as a favour to Teo. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

Transcript, 23 February 2021 at p 181, lines 14–18.

Taking his case at its highest, he was gradually reducing his ISDN
shareholding rather than selling all his shares at once so that the ISDN share
price would not drop or drop drastically as a favour to Teo, and he was
banking on the Alleged Indemnity to cover any losses he incurred. However, a
more straightforward and plausible explanation for TCH’s continued buying and
selling of ISDN shares from September to December 2013 was to “create market
activity” for his own benefit at a time when the ISDN counter was thinly
traded, and to “slowly reduce [his] shareholding without incurring too much
loss”. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

DCS 743 at paras 127–128.

His trading behaviour at the time reflected his attempt to cut his own losses
from the penny stock crash, rather than as a purported favour to Teo.
Moreover, if TCH was really banking on the Alleged Indemnity, there is no
explanation for why he did not demand compensation from Teo shortly after he
incurred losses at the end of 2013 and only waited until 24 November 2015 to
send the First Letter of Demand. In fact, on Teo’s evidence, TCH continued to
communicate with Teo up until September 2014 and even introduced Teo to an
investment opportunity with Tritech at the start of 2014. 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

TCK 743 AEIC at para 27.

67 Lastly, Mr Low submits that the parties and the Goh brothers routinely
entered into oral agreements to support share prices and did not keep written
records, and this is consistent with the terms of the Alleged Indemnity. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

PCS 743 at para 192.

This is not a persuasive submission. First, there is no evidence that the oral
agreements to support share prices were intended to be legally binding.
Second, even if the parties did not normally keep written records, the fact
that there are written records here (the Payment Vouchers) supports TTC’s
position that the payments were made pursuant to the Alleged Loan Agreement
and the parties intended this to be legally binding.

68 It is the court’s view that the parties’ contemporaneous conduct does not
support the existence of the Alleged Indemnity.

No intention to create legal relations

69 Finally, even if arguendo, Teo had promised TCH that he would make good his
losses (see [45]–[46] above), the court does not find that there was an
intention to create legal relations. First, the meetings were social in
nature. TCH himself said they would stay at the Hotel to “chit-chat, have tea
and play Chinese chess”. 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

Transcript, 24 February 2021 at p 221, lines 18–23.

Second, although admittedly the attendees at the Hotel meetings discussed
business ideas and investment opportunities, they did not intend to enter
legally binding arrangements at those meetings. For example, Teo testified
that he discussed the First Placement with TCH at one of these meetings. TCH
recommended the appointment of UOB Kay Hian, and subsequently, Teo went to the
UOB Kay Hian office to speak with the share placement agent directly. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

Transcript, 25 February 2021 at p 328, lines 17–21; DRS 743 at para 47(a)(i).

This shows the parties would discuss business at those meetings, but would
then take steps afterwards to formalise the arrangements. They did not intend
to create legal relations with each other during the meetings.

70 Lastly, TCH was unable to explain the terms of his arrangement with Teo,
such as the number of shares he needed to buy, 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

Transcript, 23 February 2021 at p 132, lines 17–19.

and the limit of Teo’s liability for his losses under the Alleged Indemnity.
134

##### Foot Note 134

×

Transcript, 23 February 2021 at p 134, lines 8–18.

It is highly unlikely that Teo, an experienced businessman, would have
undertaken such an onerous legal obligation as the Alleged Indemnity in a
primarily informal setting with no prior negotiations or agreement on the
specific terms (Oei Hong Leong and another v Chew Hua Seng [2020] SGCA 78 at
[20]).

Third Parties

71 For completeness, Mr Gill submits that insofar as TCH is attempting to
recover trading losses in the Third Parties’ accounts, this was not pleaded or
particularised in his Statement of Claim. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

DCS 743 at para 38.

Tan also acknowledged during trial that Teo did not ask him to request the
Third Parties to buy ISDN shares or allow him to give counter indemnities to
the Third Parties. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

Transcript, 23 February 2021 at pp 162–163, 165.

Consequently, TCH’s claim in this regard is unsustainable since this was not
pleaded nor were the Third Parties joined to Suit 743.

Adverse inference against Tan Chin Hock

72 Mr Gill submitted that the court should draw an adverse inference against
TCH under Section 116(g) of the Evidence Act for failing to call Tan Ah Ee, Ho
Siow Poh and Robert Lim to testify. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

DCS 743 at para 35.

Section 116(g) states:

Court may presume existence of certain fact

116\. The court may presume the existence of any fact which it thinks likely
to have happened, regard being had to the common course of natural events,
human conduct, and public and private business, in their relation to the facts
of the particular case.

Illustrations

The court may presume — […]

(g) that evidence which could be and is not produced would if produced be
unfavourable to the person who withholds it […]

73 The court accepts the submission. If TCH claims that Tan Ah Ee and Ho Siow
Poh had allowed him to use their accounts to buy ISDN shares and knew about
the Alleged Indemnity, he should have called them as corroborative witnesses.
The fact he did not do so means that their evidence if called would have been
unfavourable to him.

74 Similarly, TCH failed to call Robert Lim, who communicated with him
regarding the EFH loans and who, according to TCH, also knew about the Alleged
Indemnity. 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

PCB 1089 at p 561, para 9.

When the court inquired of him why he did not call Robert Lim, he gave a
nonsensical answer: 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

Transcript, 10 March 2021 at p 322.

:

A: I asked them if they would come to court and they said they were, and that
is why we subpoena them. If they are not willing to come, then there is no
need to subpoena them.

Ct: Who is the “they”?

A: Robert.

Ct: His answer doesn’t make sense: I asked them if they will come to court and
they said they will, and that is why we will subpoena them, which is exactly
what I told you to do. If they are not willing to come, then there is no need
to subpoena them. That is the other way around. If they are willing to come,
witnesses don’t have to be subpoenaed. If they are not willing to come to
court, as you say Robert Lim is not, you subpoena them. It is the other way
around.

A: Because we are all friends, if they are not willing to come to court, I do
not wish to subpoena them.

TCH’s answer is all too similar to excuses that this court has rejected in
other cases (Mann Holdings Pte Ltd and another v Ung Yoke Hong [2018] SGHC 69
at [88]–[89]). The court therefore draws an adverse inference against TCH for
not calling the Third Parties as witnesses.

Did Teo make the Alleged Representations to TCH?

The parties’ cases

75 Mr Low submits that TCH was incapable of reading English and was reliant on
Teo to update him about the announcements made by ISDN. TCH’s testimony that
Teo told him what was already in the announcements made by ISDN should be
taken with “a pinch of salt” as TCH was likely stating his belief that what
Teo told him was in line with the announcements, but he has no way of
confirming the same. TCH understood Representation 1 to mean that the Myanmar
Energy Project would be finalised very quickly, and not in the time frame of
24 months as stated in the ISDN announcement. TCH therefore believed he had to
support the ISDN share price to prevent the project being affected until IDI
was ready to come on board. Together with the Alleged Indemnity, Mr Low
submits that TCH was induced into supporting the share price of ISDN. 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

PCS 743 at pp 138–140.

76 Mr Gill submits that there is no evidence of Teo making the Alleged
Representations, apart from TCH’s subjective testimony. Even if they were
made, they were not false statements of fact. Rather, they were statements of
opinion, commendatory statements or forecasts about ISDN’s performance or the
Myanmar Energy Project. Finally, he argued that TCH is a sophisticated trader
and could not have relied on any of the Alleged Representations. Tan’s claim
under Section 2(1) of the Misrepresentation Act (Cap 390, 1994 Rev Ed)
(“Misrepresentation Act”) is unsustainable because the Alleged Representations
did not lead to any contract or agreement being concluded between TCH and Teo.

The law

77 An actionable misrepresentation is a false statement of existing or past
fact made by one party before or at the time of making the contract, which is
addressed to the other party and which induces the other party to enter into
the contract (Lim Koon Park and another v Yap Jin Meng Bryan and another
[2013] 4 SLR 150 at [38]). Section 2(1) of the Misrepresentation Act does not
alter the common law as to what constitutes a misrepresentation, although it
reverses the burden of proof in that the party who made the misrepresentation
must show he had reasonable grounds to believe the fact represented was true
(Tradewaves Ltd and others v Standard Chartered Bank and another suit [2017]
SGHC 93 (“Tradewaves”) at [68]).

78 The following elements must be made out for the tort of fraudulent
misrepresentation (Panatron Pte Ltd v Lee Cheow Lee [2001] 2 SLR(R) 435
(“Panatron”) at [14]):

(a) first, there must be a representation of fact made by words or conduct;

(b) second, the representation must be made with the intention that it should
be acted upon by the plaintiff, or by a class of persons which includes the
plaintiff;

(c) third, it must be proved that the plaintiff had acted upon the false
statement;

(d) fourth, it must be proved that the plaintiff suffered damage in doing so;
and

(e) fifth, the representation must be made with knowledge that it is false; it
must be wilfully false, or at least made in the absence of any genuine belief
that it is true.

Applying the law to the facts

79 The court will address Representations 1–4 before separately dealing with
Representation 5 in relation to the March 2013 Married Deals. First, the court
will consider whether the evidence supports Representations 1–4 being made in
the first place. In this regard, the court accepts Mr Gill’s submission that
there was no evidence of such. The court has already found at [44] that TCH
was not a credible witness. Apart from the fact that this aspect of TCH’s case
was not seriously explored at the trial, it is not likely that Teo, a seasoned
businessman running a public company, would make such representations
concerning the Myanmar Energy Project when ISDN’s announcements stated there
was “no assurance” and “no guarantee” that the projects would materialise and
had even advised shareholders to exercise caution when trading or dealing in
ISDN shares. 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

1AB 743 at pp 70, 72, 76, 80 and 85.

79 Even if Teo had made those statements to TCH, Representations 1–4 are not
actionable.

80 Representation 1 was that ISDN needed more time to finalise the Myanmar
Energy Project, which was near the verge of being finalised. This is not a
false statement of fact. Teo was giving his opinion that ISDN would need more
time to finalise the project, as stated in ISDN’s 2013 announcements.
Similarly, the statement that the project was “near the verge of being
finalised” was not a statement of fact. In the context of ISDN’s announcements
(with the cautions), and Teo’s understanding that the project could have taken
at least five years, with one to two years for due diligence, this statement
was merely Teo’s prediction on the project progressing to its next stage. 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

Transcript, 25 February 2021 at p 415, lines 17–19; p 436, lines 1–7.

He was not guaranteeing to TCH that such an event would happen and was merely
expressing his honest belief as to what would happen next. Therefore, he did
not subjectively believe that this statement was false (Wee Chiaw Sek Anna v
Ng Li-Ann Genevieve (sole executrix of the estate of Ng Hock Seng, deceased)
and another [2013] 3 SLR 801 at [37]).

81 Representation 2 was that if the share price of ISDN continued to drop,
then this might jeopardise the Myanmar Energy Project and the other expansion
plans of the Company. This was Teo’s then opinion as to how a drop in ISDN’s
share price might negatively affect the Myanmar Energy Project. It is not a
statement of fact. Nor is it false – if a company’s share price drops, it is
true that this could affect investor confidence and the company’s ability to
raise funds for future projects. 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

DCS 743 at para 182.

82 Representation 3 was that, with reference to the placement agreements,
married deals and announcements by ISDN, ISDN was a good investment prospect
and its share price would rise once the Myanmar Energy Project was concluded.
Saying that something is a “good” investment is a statement of opinion or a
mere puff, which is not actionable (Tradewaves at [82]). As for the statement
about the share price rising on conclusion of the Myanmar Energy Project, this
is Teo’s reasonable prediction of what would happen in the future, which was
borne out by TCH’s own evidence on the increase in ISDN share price when the
news of the project was leaked. 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

TCH 743 AEIC at para 29.

83 Representation 4 was that TCH would be able to sell the shares and
liquidate his investment once the Myanmar Energy Project was concluded and
ISDN’s share price increased. The first part of this representation is merely
a suggestion to TCH about his next course of action once the Myanmar Energy
Project is concluded. It is not a false statement of fact. The second part of
this representation about ISDN’s share price increasing is, like
Representation 3, Teo’s prediction on how the company’s share price will be
affected by the Myanmar Energy Project.

84 Finally, even if the statements are actionable misrepresentations, the
evidence adduced does not show that TCH acted upon these statements or relied
on them (Panatron at [14]). First, it is this court’s finding that TCH is an
experienced businessman, having assisted in the listing of other companies
before such as Geo Energy Resources Limited and having acted as a introducer
between Mirach Energy and RCL Kelstar Sdn Bhd. 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

Transcript, 22 February 2021 at p 45 line 24–p 46 line 21.

And, on his own evidence, he introduced the Myanmar Energy Project to Teo. It
is not likely that he would have simply taken Teo’s word at face value without
doing his own research. Second, TCH’s trading behaviour from September to
December 2013 is better explained by his desire to cut his losses following
the penny stock crash, rather than by the Alleged Representations, especially
since he reduced his trading volume after the Alleged Representations were
supposedly made.

85 In conclusion, the court finds that Teo did not make Representations 1–4 to
TCH. Even if Teo did, they are not actionable representations and TCH did not
act upon those statements.

The March 2013 Married Deals

86 Next the court turns to the March 2013 Married Deals. TCH’s position is
that Teo and TTC represented to him that TTC was holding Teo’s ISDN shares,
and these could be sold to make partial repayment to TCH (ie Representation
5). TCH claimed he believed Representation 5 because he had seen Teo “park”
his ISDN shares with two other people via the March 2013 Married Deals. 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

PCS 743 at paras 150–151; TCH 743 AEIC at para 27.

What the deals entailed

87 With regards to the Goh Yeu Toh Deal, Teo and GYT signed three documents on
21 March 2013. One was a Sale and Purchase Agreement (“SPA”) for the sale of
14.5 million ISDN shares from Assetraise to GYT for S$4.64 million. 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

2AB 743 at p 237.

The next was a second SPA for the sale of 9.28 million Wee Hur shares from Wee
Hur to Assetraise, also for S$4.64 million. 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

2AB 743 at p 248.

Finally, there was a third document where both parties agreed to set off the
consideration payable by each party against the other (the “Payment Set-off
Agreement”). 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

2AB 743 at pp 258, 261.

88 GYH testified that TCH asked him to do the Goh Yeu Toh Deal with Teo, and
that he (ie, GYH) negotiated the transaction with Teo and told GYT to sign the
agreement. 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

Transcript, 24 February 2021, at p 304, lines 15–23.

The substance of the deal was that Teo and GYT would park Wee Hur and ISDN
shares with each other. 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

Transcript, 24 February 2021, at p 288, lines 20–24.

Although GYH testified in Suit 743 that this was done by way of married deal,
his evidence in Suit 1089 was that he was previously mistaken and that it was
actually via open market transactions arranged by TCH. 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

Transcript, 24 February 2021, at p 289, line 19–p 290, line 5; Goh Yeo Hwa’s
AEIC in Suit 1089 dated 19 March 2021 (“GYH 1089 AEIC”) at paras 17, 20.

89 With regards to the Tan Thiam Chye Deal, TTC testified that he regretted
not subscribing to the First Placement and called Teo to ask if he could have
“a bite on the placement”. 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

Transcript, 26 February 2021 at p 577, lines 16–20.

He wanted to buy ISDN shares to diversify his investment. 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

Transcript, 26 February 2021 at p 591, lines 10–11.

On 17 March 2013, he agreed with Teo that he (TTC) would buy 11.5 million ISDN
shares at the prevailing price on 21 March 2013. He did not buy shares from
the open market on 17 March 2013 because, if he bought that quantity of shares
from the market, “the price will shoot up like a rocket”. 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

Transcript, 26 February 2021 at p 581; p 582, lines 23–24.

On 21 March 2013, Teo and TTC negotiated and signed the SPA in their lawyers’
office. 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

Transcript, 8 March 2021, at p 24, lines 9–10.

Enclosed with the SPA was a letter (“Additional Letter”) stipulating that the
amount of S$3.68 million was to be paid by a cheque for S$1,472,000, followed
by seven monthly equal instalments of S$315,428.57 from April 2013. There are
handwritten notes below the printed text in the Additional Letter recording
the payments made. The Additional Letter was signed by TTC, but not Teo. 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

TTC 743 AEIC at p 32.

90 TTC paid S$1,472,000.00 by cheque to Assetraise on 26 March 2013, which was
credited into Assetraise’s UBS account on 1 April 2013. Subsequently, a total
of S$1,307,500 was withdrawn from TTC’s bank account and paid to Assetraise by
cheque in May, June and October 2013. 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

1AB 743 at pp 621–628.

Teo says that he received the remaining S$900,500 from TTC in cash but it was
not deposited into any bank account. 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

TCK 1089 AEIC at para 31(c).

TCH’s position is that these transactions are fake. 160

##### Foot Note 160

×

Transcript, 22 February 2021 at p 112, lines 15–16.

91 Subsequently, GYH’s evidence was that between June 2013 and January 2014,
Teo instructed him to sell various quantities of the 14.5 million ISDN shares
parked with GYT and to issue cheques from the sale proceeds to different
recipients, including TTC, on Teo’s instructions. 161

##### Foot Note 161

×

Transcript, 22 March 2021 at p 519, lines 17–23; 2AB at pp 240–242.

Sometime after 20 December 2013, Teo then gave instructions to unwind the
parking of the ISDN shares via market transactions. A certain block of ISDN
shares would be sold and a corresponding block of Wee Hur shares of a similar
number would be bought on the same day. 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

GYH 1089 AEIC at paras 13–14.

This continued until the transactions were fully “unwound” in January 2015.

The parties’ cases

92 The court will now elaborate on the parties’ cases, which have been
summarised at [35(b)] and [36(a)] above.

93 Mr Low submits that Teo has not offered any credible explanation for the
March 2013 Married Deals. 163

##### Foot Note 163

×

PCS 743 at para 154.

With regards to the Goh Yeu Toh Deal, he argues that the contemporaneous
documentary evidence shows that all the transactions were carried out on Teo’s
instructions. 164

##### Foot Note 164

×

PCS 743 at para 179.

As for the Tan Thiam Chye Deal, it is inconceivable that Teo would enter this
deal for S$0.32 per share, when there was a substantial increase in the price
of the ISDN shares just around the corner due to the Second Placement being in
the works. 165

##### Foot Note 165

×

PCS 743 at para 155(h).

It also did not make sense for TTC to pay millions to Teo for a non-
controlling stake in ISDN at market price just days after the First Placement
had been announced on 14 March 2013, and his sudden alleged investment into
ISDN does not make sense in the light of his previous trading behaviour and
his lack of money. 166

##### Foot Note 166

×

PCS 743 at paras 186–189.

Lastly, Mr Low argues that the terms of payment in the SPA were not complied
with and the Additional Letter is unreliable as it contains patent errors that
any trained lawyer would be unlikely to make.

94 Mr Gill submits that TCH’s reliance on the Goh brothers’ evidence resembles
similar fact evidence insofar as the alleged unwinding of the Goh Yeu Toh Deal
is intended to render the existence of a similar unwinding of the Tan Thiam
Chye Deal probable by reason of certain purported general resemblance. Besides
the fact that both deals were executed by the relevant parties on 21 March
2013, there was no resemblance in the nature of or the identity of the parties
to the transactions which gave probative value to the Goh brothers’ evidence
insofar as whether TTC held 11.5 million ISDN shares on trust for Teo. 167

##### Foot Note 167

×

DCS 743 at paras 26–27.

Mr James Chai (“Mr Chai”), counsel for Tan Thiam Chye in Suit 1089, argues
that TCH would not know the payment method used by TTC and only made
unsubstantiated allegations in cross-examination that the transactions were
fake. 168

##### Foot Note 168

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions for Suit 1089 dated 4 May 2021 (“PCS 1089”) at
para 73.

The Goh Yeu Toh Deal

95 The court finds that the Goh brothers’ testimony was consistent with the
documents adduced in court and showed that Teo had indeed parked 14.5 million
ISDN shares with them. 169

##### Foot Note 169

×

Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions for Suit 743 dated 4 June 2021 (“PRS 743”) at
para 21.

It is true that GYH changed his evidence during the trial to say that the
shares belonged to GYT and acknowledged that he made a mistake in Suit 743 on
how the transactions were unwound, but he explained in his AEIC for Suit 1089
that this was because he had located the various documents and given them to
TCH around 1 March 2021. 170

##### Foot Note 170

×

GYH 1089 AEIC at paras 19–20.

In any event, the court finds that GYH was consistent on the key fact that Teo
had “parked” the ISDN shares with the Goh brothers and they were only sold on
Teo’s instructions.

96 First, the two SPAs and the Payment Set-Off Agreement showed that GYT and
Teo exchanged ISDN and Wee Hur shares for the exact same value of S$4.64
million, and no amounts of money had to be paid to the other. On its own, this
does not definitively show that Teo had “parked” ISDN shares with the Goh
brothers and these were only to be sold on his instructions, but it is at
least consistent with GYH’s testimony that the parties engaged in a “share
swap”. 171

##### Foot Note 171

×

GYH 1089 AEIC at para 5.

97 The rest of the documentary evidence shows that the Goh brothers only sold
the ISDN shares on Teo’s instructions. After the share swap on 21 March 2013,
the 14.5 million ISDN shares belonging to Teo were kept in GYT’s CDP account.
From June 2013 to January 2014, GYT sold 4.5 million of these shares on Teo’s
instructions and gave the proceeds to recipients as instructed by Teo. This is
evidenced by the Goh brothers’ handwritten notes, CDP statements and cheques
issued by GYT. A summary of these transactions shows: 172

##### Foot Note 172

×

2AB 1089 at pp 240–242; Defendant’s Closing Submissions for Suit 1089 dated 4
May 2021 (“DCS 1089”) at para 148.

(a) 3 June 2013: 300,000 of the 14.5 million ISDN shares were sold for
S$320,149.90 to offset dividends issued by both Wee Hur and ISDN. According to
GYH’s AEIC, Wee Hur had declared a dividend of S$0.03 per share in May 2013,
amounting to S$278,400 for the 9.28 million Wee Hur shares in Teo’s name. ISDN
had declared a dividend of S$0.005 per share in June 2013, amounting to
S$71,000 for the remaining 14.2 million ISDN shares in GYT’s name. The balance
amount to be transferred to GYT was S$112,797. These calculations are
evidenced in a handwritten note on the Hotel letterhead dated 6 June 2013. 173

##### Foot Note 173

×

2AB 1089 at p 57.

GYT’s handwritten notes on his SGX tax invoice dated 3 June 2013 state in
Mandarin that Teo sold 300,000 shares and are consistent with these
calculations.

(b) 21 June 2013: 300,000 ISDN shares were sold. The sale proceeds of
S$424,871.84 were disbursed via two cheques dated 27 June 2013, with one
S$400,000 cheque from UOB issued in favour of Alpha Gold International Limited
and one S$24,871.84 cash cheque from OCBC issued to GYT. GYT’s OCBC and UOB
chequebooks from 2013 records these payments on 27 June 2013, with handwritten
notes indicating “ISDN Teo Cher Koon” or “Teo Cher Koon”. GYT’s SGX account
statement dated 30 June 2013 also contains a handwritten note “Teo 13900,000”
which corroborates the remaining number of Teo’s ISDN shares after the first
two transactions. 174

##### Foot Note 174

×

2AB 1089 at p 20.

(c) 29 October 2013: 200,000 ISDN shares were sold for S$127,661.03. A
handwritten note on GYT’s SGX account statement dated 31 October 2013 states
in Mandarin “30/10/13 sell off 200,000”, and a handwritten “13700,000”
corresponds to the number of ISDN shares remaining after this sale. 175

##### Foot Note 175

×

2AB 1089 at p 21.

Further handwritten notes state that this was the third time selling, which
GYT testified referred to selling off shares for Teo for the third time, state
“offset to settle warrants $11,338.97”, and indicate that S$11,338.97 has to
be returned to GYT. 176

##### Foot Note 176

×

2AB 1089 at pp 80–81; Transcript, 12 March 2021 at p 472, line 15.

In his AEIC, GYH said this sale was done on Teo’s instructions to offset the
cost of buying 6.95 million ISDN warrants, which were also bought on Teo’s
instructions. As the warrants cost S$139,000, more than the sale proceeds, the
difference of S$11,338.97 had to be returned to GYT.

(d) 2 December 2013: 1 million ISDN shares were sold for S$513,746.36. A
S$500,000 cheque dated 7 December 2013 was issued in favour of Star Treasure
Enterprises Limited (“Star Treasure”), and the remaining S$13,746.36 was
issued in a cash cheque on the same date that was likely not cashed. This is
supported by handwritten notes on GYT’s CDP contract statement dated 2
December 2013. 177

##### Foot Note 177

×

2AB 1089 at p 86.

Tan Chin Tuan’s evidence is that he owned Star Treasure and the S$500,000 was
given to him on behalf of Teo and TTC as they were investors in a “marble
project”. 178

##### Foot Note 178

×

Transcript, 11 March 2021 at p 389, lines 9–15.

(e) 5 December 2013: 1.06 million ISDN shares were sold for S$518,135.65. A
S$500,000 cheque dated 11 December 2013 was issued in favour of TTC. There was
also a blank cheque on that same date for S$31,882.01 (being the S$13,736.36
remainder from the 2 December transaction added to the remainder from the 5
December transaction). This is supported by handwritten notes on GYT’s CDP
contract statement dated 5 December 2013. 179

##### Foot Note 179

×

2AB 1089 at p 85.

(f) 20 December 2013: 700,000 ISDN shares were sold for S$463,919.95. Two UOB
cheques dated 31 December 2013 were issued in favour of TTC, one for S$400,000
and one for S$63,919.95. GYT’s UOB bank statement for January 2014 shows the
withdrawal of the sums of S$400,000 and S$63,919.95 as cheque and cash on 2
and 3 January 2021 respectively. 180

##### Foot Note 180

×

PCS 743 at Annex A, p 47.

Therefore, the S$63,919.95 cheque was presented for payment and cash was
withdrawn; however, as the cheque was neither crossed nor were the words “or
Bearer” deleted, anyone could have presented the cheque to UOB for payment. It
is therefore not clear whether TTC in fact received this payment. TTC’s
position is that, even though the S$63,919.95 cheque was issued in his name,
he did not receive this cheque nor any cash from the payment. In GYT’s UOB
chequebook, there is a handwritten note in Mandarin besides the entry for
S$63,919.95 indicating “ISDN boss”.

(g) 7 January 2014: 940,000 ISDN shares were sold for S$590,758.43. Two
cheques of S$300,000 each (ie a total of S$600,000), dated 14 January 2014,
were issued in favour of TTC. S$600,000 is more than the sale proceeds. GYT
made a handwritten note in Mandarin that he (ie, GYT) was owed the excess
S$9,241.57. 181

##### Foot Note 181

×

2AB 1089 at p 97.

GYT’s UOB bank statement for January 2014 shows the withdrawal of S$590,758.43
on 10 January 2014, with a handwritten note “ISDN 940000” above it, matching
the number of ISDN shares sold.

98 At this juncture, the Goh brothers had 10 million ISDN shares left. Between
May 2014 and January 2015, the Goh brothers exchanged these shares for 9.28
million Wee Hur shares in six tranches. This is evidenced by both Assetraise’s
and GYT’s Securities Account Movements. 182

##### Foot Note 182

×

2AB 1089 at pp 246, 249.

The transactions are as follows:

(a) May 2014: On 14 May, GYT sold 400,000 ISDN shares and bought 300,000 Wee
Hur shares. On 19 May, Assetraise bought 400,000 ISDN shares, the same date
that the sale of GYT’s ISDN shares was completed.

(b) June 2014: On 2 June, GYT sold 400,000 ISDN shares and bought 397,000 Wee
Hur shares. On 5 June, Assetraise bought 400,000 ISDN shares, the same date
that the sale of GYT’s ISDN shares was completed.

(c) June 2014: On 3 June, GYT sold 300,000 ISDN shares and bought 329,000 Wee
Hur shares. On 6 June, Assetraise bought 300,000 ISDN shares, the same date
that the sale of GYT’s ISDN shares was completed.

(d) June 2014: On 9 and 10 June, GYT sold two tranches of 400,000 ISDN shares
each. On 12 June, Assetraise bought 342,000 shares. This is close to the
number of 400,000 for one of these tranches and corresponds to the date the
sale of the first tranche of 400,000 ISDN shares was completed.

(e) 8 October 2014: GYT sold 4,000,000 ISDN shares and bought 4,000,000 Wee
Hur shares.

(f) 19 January 2015: GYT sold 4,100,000 ISDN shares and bought 4,254,000 Wee
Hur shares.

99 For completeness, it should be noted that the detailed handwritten notes of
GYT concerning the 14.5 million ISDN shares, are consistent with the above
transactions. 183

##### Foot Note 183

×

2AB 1089 at pp 38–39.

As for the S$63,919.95 which TTC claims he did not receive and which he says
was not deposited in his bank accounts, it is more likely than not that he did
receive it, given that he acknowledges receiving the S$400,000 cheque issued
on the same day. 184

##### Foot Note 184

×

Transcript, 22 March 2021 at p 510, lines 11–14.

And, if it was withdrawn in cash, he may not necessarily have deposited it
into his bank accounts.

100 All the evidence reviewed earlier indicates that Teo had indeed “parked”
ISDN shares with the Goh brothers, with GYH arranging for his older brother,
GYT, to receive the ISDN shares from Teo. Teo gave the Goh brothers
instructions on selling the shares and on how to distribute the sale proceeds.
The sums owed for each sale and purchase of ISDN shares and Wee Hur shares
were regularly set off against each other, which shows that Teo and the Goh
brothers had to account to each other for the shares that they held on the
other’s behalf. The Goh brothers’ detailed records, particularly their
handwritten notes that refer to ISDN and Teo, are also consistent with GYH’s
testimony that he and his brother never thought of selling Teo’s shares for
profit, as they were helping Teo with the parking of his shares and would need
to account to Teo. 185

##### Foot Note 185

×

Transcript, 22 March 2021 at p 573, lines 15–22.

101 Mr Gill submits that Teo had already disclosed his reduction in
shareholding when he sold the 26 million ISDN shares in 2013. Such public
announcements would not have been made if the shares were still beneficially
owned by Teo, since Teo would still have a deemed interest in such shares.
Thus, TCH’s case that Teo hatched a scheme to enter this share swap
arrangement to allow him to sell ISDN shares without making public
announcements is a figment of Tan’s imagination. 186

##### Foot Note 186

×

Defendant’s Reply Submissions for Suit 743 dated 4 June 2021 (“DRS 743”) at
para 7.

This submission is rejected. The public announcements were made by Teo in 2013
because GYT indeed became the owner of the ISDN shares. However, there was an
understanding between Teo and the Goh brothers that the Goh brothers would
only sell those shares and distribute the sale proceeds accordingly on Teo’s
instructions. These subsequent sales did not require Teo to make public
announcements since he was not the one selling the shares. Granted, as Mr Gill
submits, it might have been more straightforward for Teo to transfer the
shares to GYT without going through an elaborate share swap, 187

##### Foot Note 187

×

DRS 743 at para 8.

but that does not change the court’s assessment of the objective evidence
adduced in court.

102 The Goh Yeu Toh Deal was carried out to enable Teo to “park” his ISDN
shares with the Goh brothers, and pursuant to this arrangement, Teo instructed
them to sell the ISDN shares and distribute the proceeds to various
recipients.

The Tan Thiam Chye Deal

103 However, the court accepts Mr Gill’s submission that the Goh Yeu Toh Deal
does not have probative value in relation to the Tan Thiam Chye Deal. Even if
Teo parked shares with the Goh brothers, this does not mean he did the same
thing with TTC. The mere fact that both deals were agreed on 21 March 2013
does not mean that the transactions were for the same purpose. Unlike the Goh
Yeu Toh Deal, there was no evidence in respect of the Tan Thiam Chye Deal that
there had been a share swap between ISDN and TTC, nor was there evidence that
TTC had ever sold his ISDN shares at Teo’s request and disbursed the sale
proceeds to various recipients, like the Goh brothers did.

104 Mr Low’s case hinges on attacking the legal documentation used in the Tan
Thiam Chye Deal, as well as TTC’s credibility. It should first be noted that
the legal documentation of the Tan Thiam Chye Deal and Goh Yeu Toh Deal
already indicates the differences in the transactions. Unlike the Goh Yeu Toh
Deal, there was only one SPA in the Tan Thiam Chye Deal, and there was no
corresponding SPA for TTC to swap shares with Teo, nor was there any similar
payment set-off agreement.

105 Second, there was documentary evidence for most of the payments received
by Teo from TTC, and Teo confirmed in his AEIC that he received the S$900,500
cash payment. TCH has not provided a better explanation for these payments,
other than his bald assertions that the payments were fake and part of a
“parking exercise”. That is not a persuasive argument. For one, TCH asserted
that Teo had asked TCH’s broker to assist him in the parking exercise.
However, he admitted that he was not present when Teo was instructing the
broker to park shares with TTC and only heard it subsequently from TTC and
Teo. 188

##### Foot Note 188

×

Transcript, 22 February 2021 at p 103, lines 7–16.

He therefore did not have personal knowledge of this arrangement.

106 Next, when shown the documents for the Tan Thiam Chye Deal as well as
proof of the payments made by TTC, TCH said that he did not know about these
documents or transfers. 189

##### Foot Note 189

×

Transcript, 22 February 2021 at p 109, line 4.

He also admitted that he had no personal knowledge to speculate that Teo, who
was the beneficial owner of Assetraise, was not entitled to keep the S$900,500
he received. 190

##### Foot Note 190

×

DRS 743 at para 35; Transcript, 22 February 2021 at p 112, lines 1–16.

Since he had no knowledge about the documents, he had no basis to assert that
the transactions were fake. When pressed on this at the trial of Suit 1089, he
claimed that he knew from the start that the transactions were not genuine
because Teo personally asked him and TTC to find reliable people to “park
[Teo’s] shares in”, shifting from his earlier evidence in Suit 743 that Teo
had instructed the broker to do it. 191

##### Foot Note 191

×

Transcript, 10 March 2021 at p 264.

However, there was no evidence of this discussion that he allegedly had with
TTC and Teo and it is not credible. Lastly, TCH admitted at the trial that TTC
could not have pledged shares to EFH that did not belong to him. 192

##### Foot Note 192

×

Transcript, 12 March 2021 at pp 425–426, p 429 lines 3–12.

This weighs against the Tan Thiam Chye Deal being a “parking exercise” for
Teo’s benefit, as it is unlikely Teo would allow TTC to run this risk with
Teo’s shares.

107 Third, Mr Low submits that it made no sense for the lawyers to draft the
Additional Letter instead of amending the SPA payment terms. The Additional
Letter also had typographical errors, was not signed by Teo and was not issued
on an official letterhead. However, this in itself does not prove that the SPA
was therefore “fake” or designed to conceal Teo’s true intentions of parking
shares with TTC. Parties may choose how to record the terms of their
agreement. Similarly, just because there are errors in the Additional Letter
does not conclusively prove that it was fake.

108 Fourth, Mr Low submits (see [53(a)] above) that it was not possible for
Teo to arrange the Second Placement in three days, and it would most likely
have been in the works, at the very earliest, two weeks before the trip to
Myanmar on 30 March 2013. It therefore did not make sense for Teo to arrange
this deal for S$0.32 per share when he knew that the Second Placement was
already in the works for a price of S$0.45. It also did not make sense for TTC
to buy ISDN shares from Teo just days after the First Placement had been
announced on 14 March 2013, as he could have got a better price if he had
bought shares from the open market instead.

109 The court finds Teo’s evidence on the Second Placement not plausible
because, as he testified, a placement will typically take one month. 193

##### Foot Note 193

×

Transcript, 25 February 2021 at p 331, lines 8–11.

Therefore I accept Mr Low’s submission that the Second Placement must have
been in the works, or at least was being discussed, soon after the First
Placement on 14 March and before the Myanmar trip on 30 March 2013. However,
that does not mean that it was illogical for Teo to enter the Tan Thiam Chye
Deal on 21 March, as ISDN may not have finalised the exact price of S$0.45 for
the Second Placement at that date. Second, as Mr Gill submits, TTC had good
reason not to buy 11.5 million ISDN shares from the open market as such a
quantity was near the daily average of shares being traded at that time, and
this would have easily caused the price to “shoot up”. 194

##### Foot Note 194

×

DRS 743 at para 37; Plaintiff’s Bundle of Supplementary Documents for Suit 743
dated 25 February 2021 at p 40, rows 1834–1839.

Similarly, if Teo had sold 11.5 million ISDN shares in the open market, that
could cause the overall share price to decrease. 195

##### Foot Note 195

×

Transcript, 8 March 2021 at p 34, line 21–p 35, line 2.

Further, TTC may not have been able to negotiate with a seller from the open
market for him to pay in instalments, as he was able to with Teo. Third, even
if it was not the best deal for both Teo and TTC, it does not follow that the
transaction must have been “fake” or designed for Teo to “park” shares with
TTC. There is no evidence of Teo having control over TTC’s sale of ISDN shares
in the same way as with the Goh brothers.

110 Lastly, Mr Low submits that TTC did not own a single ISDN share in his own
name from February 2012 to March 2013, and only owned an average of
S$1,099,021.16 worth of shares in the months leading up to the Tan Thiam Chye
Deal. It is therefore inconceivable that TTC would, on a whim, decide to pay
S$3.68 million for 11.5 million ISDN shares from Teo.

111 However, even if TTC never owned ISDN shares before March 2013, that does
not mean it is “inconceivable” that he wished to own ISDN shares after March
2013. Around this time, he already knew of the Myanmar Energy Project and was
regretting missing out on the First Placement. Nor was this done on a whim –
as he said during the trial, he was prepared to walk away from the deal on 21
March 2013 if he was not able to negotiate better terms for himself. 196

##### Foot Note 196

×

Transcript, 8 March 2021 at p 22, lines 13–18.

As Mr Gill submits, TTC was entitled to make his own investment decisions and
increase his investment in ISDN in 2013 if he believed in ISDN’s potential.
197

##### Foot Note 197

×

PRS 743 at para 38.

Mr Low also argues that it is “disconcerting” that TTC did not have the money
to pay for the ISDN shares and had to rely on credit. However, even if TTC had
to “draw down” on his credit line, this does not mean that the transaction is
fake. 198

##### Foot Note 198

×

PRS 1089 at para 13.

112 The evidence adduced does not support TCH’s position that the Tan Thiam
Chye Deal was for Teo to “park” his ISDN shares with TTC. TCH has not offered
a satisfactory alternative explanation for the documentary evidence of the Tan
Thiam Chye Deal, nor has he adduced any evidence to show how it is similar to
the Goh Yeu Toh Deal, apart from the fact that the SPAs were signed on the
same day.

113 If Teo did not “park” ISDN shares with TTC as this court finds, there are
two possible explanations. The first explanation is that Teo did make
Representation 5 to TCH and lied that he had parked his ISDN shares with TTC.
TCH, relying on Teo’s and TTC’s assurances, and his own inferences about the
Tan Thiam Chye Deal, went along with buying ISDN shares. The second
explanation is that Teo never made Representation 5 to TCH and the latter is
simply bringing up the Tan Thiam Chye Deal to cast aspersions on Teo and
complicate matters.

114 If the first explanation is right, this requires the court to accept that
Teo: (a) took the trouble to engage lawyers and sign legal documents in March
2013; (b) conspired with TTC to fake various payments throughout 2013, with no
conceivable benefit to either of them; and (c) conspired with TTC to lie to
TCH in September 2013 to induce him to invest in ISDN. These scenarios are
hard to accept. There was no reason for Teo to go to all that trouble. The
second explanation is simpler and more plausible. Representation 5 was never
made to TCH.

115 In conclusion, the court finds that TCH has not proved that the Alleged
Indemnity and Alleged Representations were made to him by Teo.

Were the payments made by TTC to TCH pursuant to the Alleged Loan Agreement or
for some other purpose?

116 Since I find that there was no Alleged Indemnity, the payments by TTC to
TCH and other persons could not have been a repayment pursuant to the Alleged
Indemnity. The next question is whether I accept TTC’s claim – that the sum he
gave to TCH was pursuant to the Alleged Loan Agreement, or whether the
payments were for some other purpose.

The parties’ cases

117 Mr Chai, counsel for TTC in Suit 1089, first argues that TCH is an evasive
and unreliable witness, who has not produced any cogent evidence to
substantiate his allegations that the March 2013 Married Deals were not
genuine (which, in any event, has no bearing on the Alleged Loan Agreement).
199

##### Foot Note 199

×

PCS 1089 at paras 72, 75.

TCH also gave inconsistent testimony concerning the Alleged Indemnity, his
demand for payment from Teo, his allegations that TTC held shares and cash on
behalf of Teo, and Teo’s direction to TTC to sell ISDN shares.

118 Second, Mr Chai argues that there is sufficient evidence of the Alleged
Loan Agreement from the Payment Vouchers and the parties’ contemporaneous
conduct, especially their messages to each other after the First Letter of
Demand. 200

##### Foot Note 200

×

PCS 1089 at para 102.

TTC did not write the word “loan” on the Payment Vouchers because he did not
know if TCH was going to repay him in the form of shares or cash. Finally, TTC
contemplated taking legal action against TCH between 2015 and 2019 to recover
the unpaid loan but was hesitant to pursue such an expensive course of action
as he believed TCH was impecunious. 201

##### Foot Note 201

×

PCS 1089 at para 52.

119 Mr Low, who is also counsel for TCH in Suit 1089, argues that there is no
documentary proof of the Alleged Loan Agreement. The Payment Vouchers did not
state that it was a loan agreement, and the only mention of a loan was in the
20 December 2015 Letter, which TCH did not receive at the time. TTC also could
not provide a cogent explanation on the exact circumstances leading up to and
after the Alleged Loan Agreement, and it took TTC 13 months to recall and
depose on affidavit the express terms of the Alleged Loan Agreement. His
witnesses, Yap Xi Ming (“Yap”) and Foo Say Fong (“Foo”), have no personal
knowledge of the Alleged Loan Agreement. 202

##### Foot Note 202

×

DCS 1089 at para 79.

Teo also gave contradictory evidence as to when he first knew about the
Alleged Loan Agreement, as he said at trial he was aware of it from 2014 but
said in his AEIC that he was aware of it in November 2015, after the First
Letter of Demand. The contemporaneous documents and parties’ conduct show that
Teo had given TCH the Alleged Indemnity in consideration for investing in
ISDN, and the sale of ISDN shares and payments by TTC to TCH were on Teo’s
instructions.

120 In considering whether the evidence supports the existence of the Alleged
Loan Agreement, the same test set out at [37] above was applied here.

Applying the law to the facts

121 First, the court agrees with Mr Low’s submission that Yap and Foo’s
testimony have no probative value to the suits, given that neither has
personal knowledge of the Alleged Loan Agreement. The same applies to Tan Chin
Tuan, who testified that he only knew what his brother (ie, TCH) told him. 203

##### Foot Note 203

×

Transcript, 24 February 2021 at p 261–262; p 264, lines 15–17.

Documentary evidence

122 Hence, it is necessary to consider the relevant documentary evidence and
the parties’ contemporaneous conduct. As stated earlier, the Payment Vouchers
do not, on their own, support the existence of the Alleged Indemnity or the
Alleged Loan Agreement. However, the fact that the payments were recorded in
Payment Vouchers shows that there was a degree of formality in this
arrangement (see [67] above). Had the payments been, for example, a gift to
TCH, it is unlikely that TTC would have recorded them in such detail.

123 Second, the correspondence between Teo and TTC supports the existence of
the Alleged Loan Agreement. As stated at [41], the WhatsApp message dated 17
November 2014 from TTC to Teo supports Teo’s version of events. The WeChat
conversation between them on 26 November 2015 also supports TTC’s position as
it refers to the loan agreement. Mr Low submits that, through the latter
message, Teo was giving TTC instructions to draft the 20 December 2015 Letter
to fabricate the Alleged Loan Agreement and compromise TCH’s claim against
Teo. 204

##### Foot Note 204

×

PCS 743 at para 218.

But, as stated earlier, it is hard to believe that the parties would have
fabricated messages in anticipation of litigation.

124 As for the 20 December 2015 Letter, sent shortly after the First Letter of
Demand, this supports the existence of the Alleged Loan Agreement, given that
TTC refers to the “loan” and the launch of TCH’s “contemplated” IPO. The
letter is reproduced here for ease of reference:

[…] I do not understand why you claimed that my loan to you was a repayment
from him to you.

You should remember that you pestered me to lend you more than 2 million
dollars and said that it was just to temporarily tide you over. Once your
contemplated IPO is launched, you would repay me. Even though I was not
convinced at that time, I still lent you more than 2 million dollars as I felt
sorry for you. Now your IPO has launched and it is time you return me the
money […]

125 It is this court’s finding that the 20 December 2015 Letter is consistent
with Teo’s testimony at trial that he had stopped going to the Hotel to see
TCH because in 2014, TCH “already start borrowing money” from TTC. 205

##### Foot Note 205

×

Transcript, 26 February 2021 at p 484, lines 10–11.

Consequently, this court rejects Mr Low’s submission that this contradicts
Teo’s AEIC where he stated that he first became aware of the Alleged Loan
Agreement around 24 November 2015. 206

##### Foot Note 206

×

DCS 1089 at para 92.

Teo was not saying that he became aware of this specific Alleged Loan
Agreement in 2014, but rather, that he had stopped going to the Hotel at the
end of 2014 because TCH was “pestering” and attempting to borrow money from
everyone, including TTC, and their relationship “went sour” around the
beginning of 2015 when TCH tried to “chase” him and TTC for money. 207

##### Foot Note 207

×

Transcript, 26 February 2021 at p 480.

This is consistent with Teo’s AEIC for Suit 743 where he said he continued to
be in communication with TCH until around September 2014, and was even
introduced to another investment opportunity by TCH at the start of 2014. 208

##### Foot Note 208

×

TCK 743 AEIC at para 27.

Conduct of the parties

126 TCH claims that he did not receive the 20 December 2015 Letter as he did
not sign the posting receipt to acknowledge he had received it. As explained
to him at trial, this letter was not sent by AR registered mail, but by
registered mail, which does not require an acknowledgement of receipt. 209

##### Foot Note 209

×

Transcript, 23 February 2021 at p 186, lines 16–25.

Nonetheless, even if he did not receive the 20 December 2015 Letter (which
this court does not believe), TCH did not deny receiving the 6 December 2015
Letter from Teo (which was also referenced in the First Letter of Demand),
where Teo said he had contacted TTC and confirmed that the money TTC
transferred to TCH was a loan. Thus, he would have been aware of TTC’s
position that the payments were a loan which he had to repay. However, TCH
could not explain why he did not instruct his lawyers at that time to respond
to Teo’s letter to demand an explanation on what loan TTC was talking about.
210

##### Foot Note 210

×

DRS 743 at paras 50–51; Transcript, 23 February 2021 at p 187, lines 18–22.

If there really was no Alleged Loan Agreement, one would expect him to swiftly
respond to refute this claim.

127 Mr Low suggested at the trial that TTC delayed in sending the 20 December
2015 Letter to TCH despite hearing about it from Teo in November 2015, because
he could not be bothered until he was “prodded” by Teo to do something. TTC’s
explanation was that he went on another trip with his family after the
business trip and had to attend to his son, who had muscle cramps, after that.
211

##### Foot Note 211

×

Transcript, 8 March 2021 at p 135.

In my view, one month is not a particularly long delay. In any event, Mr Low’s
submission also does not explain why TTC used his own money to make the first
payment to TCH on 13 November 2014, a fact that TCH accepts (see [23] above).
Had the payment really been a repayment on Teo’s instructions pursuant to the
Alleged Indemnity rather than a loan, TTC would have waited for the sale
proceeds rather than paying TCH out of his own pocket. There was no reason for
TTC to be so charitable on Teo’s behalf even if they are friends.

128 TCH said in his AEIC that TTC’s claim was made in a desperate attempt to
bolster Teo’s case. Mr Low also said at the trial that TTC had no urgency or
desire to make a case against TCH until he realised he had to come forward as
a witness in Suit 743, which resulted in a flurry of activities before the
trial in Suit 743. 212

##### Foot Note 212

×

Transcript, 9 March 2021 at p 173.

As this court said at the trial, this argument is hard to accept. It is
difficult to believe that someone would commence a suit and incur thousands of
dollars in costs thereon, simply because he had to come forward as a witness
in another suit.

129 The Alleged Loan Agreement is a better explanation for the parties’
conduct and the documents before the court than the Alleged Indemnity. This
court therefore accepts TTC’s evidence that he sold his 8 million ISDN shares
and paid the sale proceeds to TCH pursuant to the Alleged Loan Agreement.

Amount owed to Tan Thiam Chye

130 The next issue to consider is how much TCH owes to TTC under the Alleged
Loan Agreement. TTC claims for the loss of profit on the 10,061,049 ISDN
shares which he could have purchased from the open market at S$0.23 per share
had the loan amount of S$2,314,041.39 been repaid to him, which amounts to
S$4,829,303.52. He calculates this based on the difference in the price of
ISDN shares on 13 August 2015 (S$0.23) and on 4 February 2021 (S$0.71). 213

##### Foot Note 213

×

PCS 1089 at para 110; 1AB 1089 at pp 879, 881.

He also claims for the loss of dividends he would have earned from 2015 to
2019, amounting to S$281,709.38, in respect of the 10,061,049 ISDN shares he
could have bought had the loan been repaid. 214

##### Foot Note 214

×

PCS 1089 at para 113.

In the alternative, he claims for loss of the bank interest he would have
earned on this sum since 13 August 2015 to the date of payment.

131 The court should first consider whether the Agreement Terms were part of
the Alleged Loan Agreement. There is no documentary evidence of the Agreement
Terms, apart from a reference to the “contemplated IPO” in the 20 December
2015 Letter, which is consistent with TTC’s explanation. The Payment Vouchers
also do not record the Agreement Terms or the fact it was a loan, although
they record the ISDN shares sale proceeds and the sums transferred to TCH.

132 First, Mr Low submits that it took TTC 13 months to recall and depose the
Agreed Terms on affidavit. He points to the first affidavit of TTC filed in
Suit 743 dated 8 January 2020 (although it was affirmed on 17 October 2019),
where the Agreed Terms were not mentioned (the “TTC Striking Out Affidavit”),
and his AEIC for Suit 1089 dated 17 February 2021 where the Agreed Terms were
mentioned. 215

##### Foot Note 215

×

DCS 1089 at para 64.

Given the large sum allegedly lent to TCH, this is inconsistent with the
behaviour of a lender who was facing financial difficulties.

133 The court does not think it is not accurate to say that TTC only recalled
the Agreed Terms when he filed his AEIC for Suit 1089. His Statement of Claim
dated 11 November 2020 for Suit 1089 already refers to the Agreed Terms.
Second, the TTC Striking Out Affidavit is an affidavit filed in support of
Teo’s application for striking out in Summons 5724/2019 for Suit 743. TTC was
not the defendant in that suit. It cannot be expected that he would disclose
every detail relevant to his own suit which he had yet to commence. 216

##### Foot Note 216

×

Transcript, 9 March 2021 at p 160, lines 10–12.

134 Second, Mr Low said at trial that the preparation for the listing of TLV
(incorporated on 22 June 2015) only started in June 2015 and there was no way
TCH could have assured TTC that TLV was going to list in 9 months as of
November 2014. 217

##### Foot Note 217

×

2AB 1089 at p 225; Transcript, 9 March 2021 at p 164.

The court rejects that argument. Although TLV was incorporated on 22 June
2015, TTC had explained at the trial there are considerable preparations and
negotiations before an IPO is launched, including how the company is to be
structured. It is therefore not implausible that an IPO was being discussed
even before the incorporation of TLV. Second, TCH was not assuring TTC that
TLV was going to list in 9 months. The Agreed Terms merely contemplate that
the loan is to be repaid to TTC either when TLV was publicly listed, or within
9 months from the date of the Alleged Loan Agreement (ie, 13 August 2015),
whichever is the earlier. Even if TLV failed to list publicly, TTC would still
be entitled to the return of his money on 13 August 2015.

135 Third, TTC’s testimony better explains the 20 December 2015 Letter and the
Payment Vouchers than TCH’s testimony. First, the 20 December 2015 Letter
shows that TCH was to repay the loan once his “contemplated IPO is launched”.
Granted that TTC would not have included the date of the IPO as the only due
date for the loan repayment given that at the trial, he testified that an IPO
could take years. 218

##### Foot Note 218

×

Transcript, 9 March 2021 at p 164, lines 4–10.

Moreover, there is no guarantee that an IPO will be successful. If it failed,
he might not get back his money. Therefore, the court accepts that he would
have provided a separate, definite timeline to protect himself in case the
intended IPO did not materialise. This court also accepts that he did not
refer to shares in the 20 December 2015 Letter because there was no reason to
ask for a return of the shares when the ISDN price was below S$0.29 (ie, the
price at which he sold the shares in November 2014). 219

##### Foot Note 219

×

Transcript, 9 March 2021 at p 161, lines 17–19.

136 The court is also of the view that TTC’s testimony better explains the
Payment Vouchers. If the loan was only “with reference to money”, he would not
have needed to include the number of shares sold in the Payment Vouchers. As
TTC explained at the trial, he recorded the payments as the sale proceeds from
ISDN shares so the parties could determine on the due date whether TCH was to
pay in shares or in cash. 220

##### Foot Note 220

×

Transcript, 8 March 2021 at p 114, lines 4–9; p 118, lines 9–25.

The court accepts that it is reasonable for TTC to have included this term in
order to protect himself from losing money should the share price drop at the
time for repayment, and to benefit therefrom should the share price rise. In
contrast, TCH was unable to produce his own copies of the Payment Vouchers and
changed his evidence on how the Payment Vouchers were signed. 221

##### Foot Note 221

×

PCS 1089 at para 42; Transcript, 10 March 2021 at p 276, lines 3–10.

137 For completeness, it should be noted that TTC said that he not indicate
the word “loan” in the Payment Vouchers as he could not determine whether TCH
would return him the loan in shares or in cash, due to the “contingent nature”
of the Agreed Terms. 222

##### Foot Note 222

×

PCS 1089 at para 43.

The court understands his evidence to mean that, in ordinary parlance, the
word “loan” generally refers to a loan of money. He therefore did not write
the word “loan” on the Payment Vouchers as the Alleged Loan Agreement
contemplated that he could be repaid in shares instead.

138 This court therefore accepts TTC’s position that the Agreement Terms were
part of the Alleged Loan Agreement and that he was owed the sum of
S$2,314,041.39 as of 13 August 2015.

139 The court turns next to TTC’s claim for the loss of profit and loss of
dividends on the ISDN shares he would have bought. This court declines to make
this award – it cannot be said that TTC would have bought ISDN shares
immediately had the money been repaid on 13 August 2015. Even if he would have
done so, the court is not persuaded that he would have retained those shares
from 2015 to 2019 to earn dividends, nor up to 4 February 2021 to earn the
profits he claims.

140 As for TTC’s claim for interest from 13 August 2015 to the date of
judgment pursuant to s 12 of the Civil Law Act (Cap 43, 1999 Rev Ed), Mr Chai
has not provided any argument in support of this beyond citing Robertson Quay
Investment Pte Ltd v Steen Consultants Pte Ltd and another [2008] 2 SLR(R) 623
at [102]–[103]. 223

##### Foot Note 223

×

PCS 1089 at para 119.

This case states that the general rule is to award interest on damages from
the date of the accrual of the loss in question, though the court might choose
to award interest from a later date in some cases, eg, where there was an
unjustifiable delay on the claimant’s part in bringing his action to trial.

141 TTC commenced Suit 1089 on 11 November 2020, more than five years after
the accrual of the action on 13 August 2015. He says he contemplated taking
legal action between 2015 and 2019 but was hesitant to do so as he thought TCH
was impecunious. As TCH was staying in rented accommodation, TTC was worried
of the risk of not being able to recover the sum from him. He only realised
TCH was not impecunious when he became aware of Suit 743 in 2019. He then
sought legal advice in March 2020 but was hesitant to take action due to the
pandemic. He only filed Suit 1089 in November 2020 when he feared the 6-year
limitation period would be expiring. 224

##### Foot Note 224

×

TTC 1089 AEIC at paras 43–47.

142 This court is of the view that his explanation for his delay is not
reasonable. First, TTC has not explained why he thought TCH was impecunious,
apart from his belief that in his interactions with TCH, he understood that
the latter was heavily indebted and unable to pay his debts. The court does
not see the relevance of TCH staying in a rented house. Second, TTC became
aware of Suit 743 at least by October 2019, when he affirmed the TTC Striking
Out Affidavit. He did not explain why he only sought legal advice on his claim
in March 2020 which was about five months later. Third, he did not explain why
the pandemic made him hesitant to take action. He had been kept out of his
money by sitting on his claim for five years. There is no reason for TCH to
compensate him for his own delay (Nirumalan V Kanapathi Pillay v Teo Eng Chuan
[2003] 3 SLR(R) 601 at [48]–[49]).

143 I therefore only award TTC interest from the date of the writ on the
judgment sum (Friis and another v Casetech Trading Pte Ltd and others [2000] 2
SLR(R) 511 at [48]–[49]; para 77 of the Supreme Court Practice Directions).

144 For completeness, it should be noted that TTC argues in the alternative
that TCH was unjustly enriched by the payment while TCH contended that TTC is
estopped from reclaiming the Sum. As the court finds that the Alleged Loan
Agreement exists, it is not necessary to consider the unjust enrichment claim
which would have been rejected in any event because TTC has not explained the
relevant unjust factor. The defence of estoppel is also rejected as the
evidence does not show that TTC made any clear and unequivocal representation
to TCH that he would not enforce his strict legal rights.

Conclusion

145 For the reasons given earlier, this court dismisses with costs TCH’s claim
in Suit 743 and awards judgment with costs to TTC in Suit 1089. For Suit 1089,
TCH is to pay TTC S$2,314,041.39 with interest at 5.33% per annum from the
date of the writ (ie, 11 November 2020) until payment.

146 The costs awarded to Teo in Suit 743 and to TTC in Suit 1089 are on a
standard basis to be taxed unless otherwise agreed.

Lai Siu Chiu

Senior Judge

Low Chai Chong, Zhulkarnain Bin Abdul Rahim, Too Fang Yi and Lum Rui Loong
Manfred (Dentons Rodyk & Davidson LLP) for the plaintiff in Suit 743/2019 and
the defendant in Suit 1089/2020;

Sarjit Singh Gill SC, Probin Stephan Dass, Hoang Linh Trang and Liew Zhi Hao
(Shook Lin & Bok LLP) for the defendant in Suit 743/2019;

Chai Ming Fatt James and Wong Mo Yen Angela (James Chai & Partners) for the
plaintiff in Suit 1089/2020.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 13 Jul 2021 (09:38 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

