Case Summary Summary Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments
Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  
THE

high court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC 140

Originating Summons No 1163 of 2020

In the matter of Sections 82A(5) and 82A(6) of the Legal Profession Act (Cap
161, 2009 Rev Ed)  
---  
  
Between

The Law Society of Singapore  
---  
  
… Applicant

And

Chia Chwee Imm Helen Mrs Helen Thomas  
---  
  
… Respondent

grounds of decision

[Legal Profession] — [Disciplinary procedures]

[Legal Profession] — [Disciplinary proceedings]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Law Society of Singapore

  
v

  

Chia Chwee Imm Helen Mrs Helen Thomas

[2021] SGHC 140

General Division of the High Court — Originating Summons No 1163 of 2020  
Sundaresh Menon CJ  
21 April 2021

14 June 2021

Sundaresh Menon CJ:

Introduction

1 This was an application under s 82A of the Legal Profession Act (Cap 161,
2009 Rev Ed) (“the LPA”) for leave to investigate a complaint of misconduct
against a non-practising solicitor and for a Disciplinary Tribunal (“DT”) to
be appointed for this purpose (“the Present Application”).

2 The applicant was the Law Society of Singapore (“the Law Society”), and the
respondent was Chia Chwee Imm Helen Mrs Helen Thomas (“the Respondent”), an
advocate and solicitor of the Supreme Court of Singapore (“the Supreme Court”)
of 21 years’ standing. I heard the Present Application on 21 April 2021.
Notwithstanding that it was an ex parte hearing, I permitted the Respondent to
be present through her counsel, Mr Peter Cuthbert Low (“Mr Low”), and to make
some brief submissions on the legal questions pertaining to whether leave
should be granted to investigate the complaint made against her. At the end of
the hearing, I allowed the Present Application and granted the leave sought by
the Law Society. I now set out the grounds for my decision.

Background

3 The Present Application had its origins in a complaint made to the Law
Society by a former client of the Respondent (“the Client”). I set out below
the factual background to the complaint and the Present Application. It should
be noted that this was essentially the case alleged against the Respondent,
and I did not make any final findings as to any contested factual matters.

The Respondent’s alleged misconduct

4 The complaint had its foundation in, among other things, the fact that the
Respondent did not have a practising certificate between 17 December 2016 and
30 May 2018, during which time she was an undischarged bankrupt. According to
the Client, she was unaware of this when she engaged the Respondent in or
around December 2016 to advise and represent her in matrimonial proceedings
concerning the care and custody of her child.

5 In November 2017, about a year after engaging the Respondent as her
solicitor, the Client, on the Respondent’s advice, applied to the Family
Justice Courts for the care and custody of her child. The firm at which the
Respondent claimed she was then practising appeared on record as the Client’s
solicitors, with one Mr Ee Kwong Rong Clement, instead of the Respondent,
named as the solicitor in charge.

6 The parties were directed to proceed to mediation, which was scheduled to
take place on 28 December 2017. On 18 December 2017, just over a week before
the scheduled mediation, the Respondent informed the Client that she was an
undischarged bankrupt, and was therefore unable to represent the Client in the
mediation. The Client was anxious to have the Respondent represent her.
Following discussions with the Respondent, the Client purportedly agreed to
lend the Respondent a sum of $40,000. According to the Client, this loan,
which was reflected in a simple note naming the Respondent’s husband as the
borrower, was extended to the Respondent to enable her to discharge her
bankruptcy so that she could continue to represent the Client. As things
turned out, the mediation scheduled for 28 December 2017 did not proceed
because the Respondent could not attend on behalf of the Complainant.

7 In February 2018, the Respondent allegedly approached the Client’s mother
for a loan, and borrowed a further sum of $20,000 from her.

8 In early March 2018, the Respondent informed the Client that she was leaving
the firm at which she claimed she was then practising and would be joining
another firm, and that the Client’s matter would also be transferred to the
new firm as a result. The Client told the Respondent that this was acceptable
to her “[a]s long as [the Respondent was] still [her] lawyer”. On 20 March
2018, the new firm filed a Notice of Change of Solicitors to formally take
over as the solicitors for the Client in the care and custody proceedings.
Again, the named solicitor in charge was not the Respondent, but one Mr Say
Chin Phang Sean (“Mr Sean Say”). At that time, unbeknownst to the Client, the
Respondent was still an undischarged bankrupt and did not have a valid
practising certificate.

9 As the mediation scheduled for 28 December 2017 had not taken place (see [6]
above), the Client’s care and custody application was fixed for hearing. In
Whatsapp messages exchanged with the Client, the Respondent gave the
impression that she had discharged her bankruptcy, and would be appearing and
making submissions at the hearing as the Client’s counsel. In April 2018, the
hearing of the Client’s care and custody application took place. The Client
was apparently surprised to learn that the counsel who appeared on her behalf
at the hearing was Mr Sean Say, and not the Respondent. As things turned out,
the Client’s application failed.

10 In May 2018, the Respondent’s bankruptcy was finally discharged. The Client
had in the meantime filed an appeal in respect of her earlier unsuccessful
application in the care and custody proceedings. Between June and mid-
September 2018, the Client and the Respondent had various discussions
concerning the appeal, and also over the repayment of the sums owed by the
Respondent to the Client and her mother. The relationship between the parties
deteriorated as a result of the loans, which remained unpaid, as well as the
Client’s unhappiness over how the Respondent had handled her care and custody
application. In September 2018, the Client discharged the Respondent as her
solicitor and engaged new solicitors to handle her appeal in respect of that
application. Later that month, the loans that had been extended to the
Respondent by the Client and her mother were finally repaid following numerous
acrimonious Whatsapp exchanges between the parties and a letter of demand sent
by the Client’s new solicitors.

11 In August 2019, the Client succeeded in her appeal in the care and custody
proceedings. The following month, she lodged a complaint with the Law Society
in connection with the Respondent’s conduct concerning the matters set out
above.

The proceedings before the Inquiry Committee

12 By the time the Client lodged her complaint with the Law Society in
September 2019, the Respondent had obtained a practising certificate. Because
the Law Society thought that the complaint had been made against the
Respondent in her capacity as a regulated legal practitioner, an Inquiry
Committee (“IC”) was constituted in December 2019.

13 The Respondent did not object to the constitution of the IC, and sought
extensions of time to submit her written explanations in response to the
complaint. She eventually informed the IC that she would not be submitting any
written explanation, but wished to be heard at the IC hearing.

14 The hearing before the IC took place in March 2020, and the Client and the
Respondent each attended separately. Two months later, in May 2020, the IC
issued its report with its findings and recommendations (“the IC Report”). The
IC’s key findings were as follows:

(a) The Respondent did not dispute most of the background facts which led to
the complaint (summarised at [4]–[10] above). She claimed that at the material
time, she was suffering from depression because of several emotionally
draining matters that she had conduct of. However, she did not adduce any
medical reports to substantiate this.

(b) Between December 2016 and May 2018, the Respondent did not have a valid
practising certificate. She had therefore breached s 33 of the LPA by falsely
pretending that she was duly authorised to practise as an advocate and
solicitor during this period.

(c) Because the Respondent was not authorised to practise as an advocate and
solicitor during this period, no further findings were made by the IC in
respect of the other matters complained of by the Client, especially in
relation to the purported loans extended to the Respondent by the Client and
her mother (described at [6]–[7] above) and the conduct of the hearing of the
Client’s care and custody application in April 2018 (summarised at [9] above).

The filing of the Present Application by the Law Society

15 After the issuance of the IC Report, the Law Society realised that the crux
of the Client’s allegations against the Respondent related to a period when
she did not have a practising certificate. The Law Society thus made the
Present Application in November 2020.

The Respondent’s application in HC/SUM 123/2021

16 Following the filing of the Present Application by the Law Society, the
Respondent filed HC/SUM 123/2021 (“SUM 123”) seeking leave to: (a) file an
affidavit responding to the Present Application; and (b) make submissions. In
her supporting affidavit for SUM 123, the Respondent contended that the
Present Application was procedurally defective because the Law Society was not
the proper applicant. She seemed to take the position that the Present
Application could only be made by her putative client (that is to say, the
Client) in respect of the matters complained of. She also indicated that she
wished to be permitted to address the court in response to the Present
Application.

17 SUM 123 was not opposed by the Law Society. However, during the hearing
before me, Mr Low only made submissions on the question of whether the Law
Society had standing to bring the Present Application. No affidavit was filed
by the Respondent on the factual matters that were presented to me. As it
turned out, it was in fact unnecessary for the Respondent to have filed SUM
123 in the circumstances since, in line with the prevailing case law, I would
in any event have permitted her to address me on such matters as the question
of the Law Society’s standing to prosecute the Client’s complaint (see Law
Society of Singapore v Ravi s/o Madasamy [2015] 3 SLR 1187 (“Ravi”) at
[52]–[53]; Re Parti Liyani [2020] 5 SLR 1080 (“Parti Liyani”) at [20]–[22]).
Accordingly, I made no order on SUM 123.

The parties’ arguments

The Respondent’s position

18 As mentioned above (at [16]), the Respondent raised a specific procedural
objection to the Present Application: that it was only the Client, and not the
Law Society, who could bring the Present Application. The Respondent made
three points in support of her position:

(a) First, Parliament had intended that the Law Society would regulate only
practising solicitors under s 85 of the LPA. Non-practising solicitors and
Legal Service Officers were to be regulated by “the Courts” (to be more
precise, the Supreme Court: see s 82A(2) of the LPA) instead under s 82A. It
followed that the Law Society had no disciplinary control over non-practising
solicitors, and it therefore could not properly bring an application under s
82A for leave to investigate a complaint of misconduct against a non-
practising solicitor.

(b) Second, the Legal Profession (Disciplinary Tribunal) Rules (Cap 161, R 2,
2010 Rev Ed) (“the DT Rules”) clearly provided that an application under s 82A
of the LPA was to be made by the putative client of the non-practising
solicitor concerned (referred to hereafter as the “putative client” for
short), and not by the Law Society. This was said to follow from various
provisions of the DT Rules.

(c) Third, the Law Society had already conducted an investigation into the
complaint against the Respondent based on s 85 of the LPA, and this lent
credence to the notion that its jurisdiction was confined to those governed by
that provision, meaning advocates and solicitors who had a practising
certificate in force. Having convened the IC and completed the inquiry
process, the Law Society could not now invoke “a different and incorrect route
of DT proceedings to investigate the complaint”.

The Law Society’s position

19 The Law Society made five points in response and contended that it did
indeed have the requisite standing to bring the Present Application:

(a) First, the text of s 82A of the LPA did not prescribe who could make an
application under the section for leave to investigate a complaint of
misconduct against a non-practising solicitor. This would therefore suggest
that any interested party could make such an application.

(b) Second, there was nothing to indicate that Parliament had intended to
prevent the Law Society from making an application under s 82A of the LPA.
That the Law Society did not have “direct disciplinary control” over non-
practising solicitors under s 82A simply meant that the Law Society was not
able to initiate disciplinary proceedings against such solicitors. That,
however, was a distinct matter from the question of standing to make an
application under s 82A. Indeed, the whole point of s 82A was to vest control
over disciplinary proceedings against non-practising solicitors ultimately in
the hands of the Chief Justice, whose leave was required before such
disciplinary proceedings could be initiated. But that said nothing about who
could make an application under s 82A. The Respondent had in fact erroneously
conflated the concepts of jurisdiction and standing.

(c) Third, there were clear precedents in which the High Court had allowed
applications under s 82A of the LPA for leave to convene DTs to investigate
complaints of misconduct against non-practising solicitors, even where these
applications were brought by the Law Society.

(d) Fourth, nothing in the text of the DT Rules prohibited the Law Society
from bringing an application under s 82A of the LPA.

(e) Fifth, given that the Respondent currently held a practising certificate
which was still active, the Law Society had a clear interest in taking the
necessary steps to seek leave to investigate the Respondent’s alleged
misconduct, even though the misconduct complained of had taken place at a time
when she did not have a valid practising certificate.

20 The Law Society further submitted that leave should be granted for the
Client’s allegations against the Respondent to be investigated and for a DT to
be convened for this purpose. The Law Society advanced two reasons in support
of this submission. First, the evidence was sufficient to support a prima
facie finding of misconduct on the part of the Respondent. Second, there was
nothing that militated against the grant of leave, especially having regard to
the severity of the allegations of misconduct and the strength of the case
against the Respondent. The Law Society also took pains to emphasise that it
was not relying on the IC Report for the purposes of the Present Application,
but, rather, was acting on the primary evidence pertaining to the matters
complained of.

Whether the Law Society had standing to bring the Present Application

21 I agreed with the Law Society that it had standing to bring the Present
Application under s 82A of the LPA. In my judgment, both the Law Society as
well as the Client (the putative client in this case) had standing to bring
this application. This conclusion rested on the following four prongs: (a) the
text of the relevant provisions of the LPA and the DT Rules; (b) the rationale
behind s 82A specifically; (c) the case law; and (d) the purpose of
disciplinary proceedings under the LPA generally. I now set out my reasons in
detail. I also make an additional observation on the relevance of the IC
proceedings to the Present Application.

The text of s 82A of the LPA and the DT Rules

22 I begin with s 82A(5) of the LPA, which deals with the procedure for
applying for leave to investigate allegations of misconduct against non-
practising solicitors. Section 82A(5) reads:

An application for such leave shall be made by ex parte originating summons
and shall be accompanied by an affidavit setting out the allegations of
misconduct against the … non-practising solicitor.

23 As noted by the Law Society, the plain text of s 82A(5) does not preclude
the Law Society from making an application under s 82A. Section 82A(5) is
silent as to who may bring such an application. This would militate against
any suggestion that such an application may only be made by the putative
client. Faced with this obvious hurdle, the Respondent focused instead on the
text of the DT Rules.

24 The Respondent relied on the following provisions of the DT Rules in
support of her contention that it was only the putative client who could bring
an application under s 82A of the LPA:

(a) the definition of “complainant” under r 2(1);

(b) the procedures under r 5 that a complainant had to comply with in order to
commence disciplinary proceedings against non-practising solicitors;

(c) the requirement under r 7(2) that a complainant had to employ a solicitor
and be represented by the solicitor in the conduct of the proceedings before
the DT;

(d) the mode of service of any letter, notice or document on the complainant
provided for under r 19(5); and

(e) Form 2, which concerns the Statement of the Case.

25 In my judgment, the Respondent’s points did not take her very far at all.
The DT Rules contemplate that an application under s 82A of the LPA shall be
made by a “complainant”. I agreed with the Respondent that a “complainant”
would clearly include the putative client. However, for the reasons set out
below, that does not in any way mean that a “complainant” cannot include the
Law Society:

(a) Rule 2(1) of the DT Rules defines a “complainant” as “a person … who has
made an application under section 82A(5) for leave for an investigation to be
made into a complaint against … a non-practising solicitor”. Significantly,
this definition does not limit the “complainant” to the person who made the
complaint, who would typically, although not necessarily, be the putative
client. Instead, this definition drives me back to s 82A(5), which, as I have
already noted (see [23] above), does not set any limit on who may bring an
application under s 82A. Furthermore, the word “person” in this definition can
encompass both natural and non-natural persons, such as the Law Society.

(b) Rule 5(b)(i) provides that within eight days after leave is granted for a
DT to be empanelled to investigate a complaint of misconduct against a non-
practising solicitor, the “complainant” shall provide (among other things) the
name and contact particulars of “his solicitor”. Rule 5(b)(i) simply
contemplates that the “complainant” will be represented by a solicitor in the
proceedings before the DT, and in this regard, the Law Society can and does
engage solicitors to represent it in disciplinary proceedings which are
commenced pursuant to an application made under s 82A.

(c) Rule 7(2) provides that where disciplinary proceedings are commenced
pursuant to an application by a “complainant” under s 82A, the “complainant”
shall “employ a solicitor and be represented by the solicitor in the conduct
of proceedings before the [DT]”. Once again, the Law Society, much like any
putative client, can engage and be represented by a solicitor in such
proceedings.

(d) Rule 19(5) provides that service of any letter, notice or document on a
“complainant” may be effected by: (a) leaving the letter, notice or document
in an envelope addressed to the “complainant” at any address for service
provided by the “complainant”; (b) sending the letter, notice or document to
the “complainant” at any address for service provided by the “complainant”; or
(c) serving the letter, notice or document on the “complainant’s” solicitor.
The Law Society does have a correspondence address for the service of
documents, and, again, it can and does engage solicitors to act for it in
disciplinary proceedings which are commenced pursuant to an application made
under s 82A.

(e) Rule 5(b)(ii) stipulates that within eight days after leave is granted for
a DT to be empanelled to investigate a complaint of misconduct against a non-
practising solicitor, five copies of the Statement of the Case (as well as the
affidavit referred to in s 82A(5)) are to be furnished. The Statement of the
Case, as set out in Form 2 of the First Schedule to the DT Rules, is to be
signed by either the “[c]omplainant” or the “[s]olicitor representing the
[c]omplainant”. Once again, there is nothing to prevent the Law Society from
being the “[c]omplainant” or from engaging solicitors to act for it in respect
of a complaint of misconduct against a non-practising solicitor.

26 In fact, a closer examination of the text of the DT Rules shows that a
person other than the putative client may bring an application under s 82A of
the LPA. As I have already noted, r 2(1) defines a “complainant” in relation
to such an application simply as “a person … who has made an application under
section 82A(5) for leave for an investigation to be made into a complaint
against … a non-practising solicitor”. As stipulated in s 82A(5), such an
application is to be made by ex parte originating summons and supported by an
affidavit setting out the non-practising solicitor’s alleged misconduct. Rule
2(1), read with s 82A(5), contemplates that the “complainant” in this context
is simply the person who affirms or swears the affidavit in support of the
application under s 82A. Significantly, there is no requirement, either in the
LPA or in the DT Rules, that the person affirming or swearing the affidavit in
support of an application under s 82A must be the putative client.

27 In a similar vein, r 2(1) defines a “complaint” for the purposes of an
application under s 82A of the LPA simply as “a complaint of the conduct of …
a regulated non-practitioner”, and states that it includes “the affidavit
referred to in section 82A(5) setting out the allegations of misconduct
against the … non-practising solicitor”. There is nothing in this definition
which indicates that the affidavit cannot be affirmed or sworn by someone
other than the putative client.

28 In sum, it appears from a plain reading of the relevant provisions of the
LPA and the DT Rules that there are no limits on the categories of persons who
may make an application under s 82A of the LPA; nor, specifically, is there
any basis in those provisions to exclude the Law Society from making such an
application. The absence of any such limitations would suggest that persons
other than the putative client and the Law Society may also make applications
under s 82A. This can lead to situations where such applications are brought
by “busybodies” who have little to no connection with the non-practising
solicitor concerned, which could give rise to the potential for abuse.
However, as I explain below at [39]–[40], it is unnecessary for me to decide
determinatively whether any limitations should be imposed to guard against
such abuse, given that the present case is concerned with the narrower
question of the Law Society’s standing to make an application under s 82A. As
to this, I am satisfied that the answer is that it has such standing.

The rationale behind s 82A of the LPA

29 I turn to the rationale behind the enactment of s 82A of the LPA, which is
my second basis for holding that the Law Society did have standing to bring
the Present Application (see [21] above). The Respondent cited the following
observations of the then Minister for Law, Prof S Jayakumar (“the Minister for
Law”), at the second reading of the Legal Profession (Amendment) Bill (Bill No
34/1993) (see Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report (12 November
1993) vol 61 at col 1163) in support of her contention that the Law Society
lacked the requisite standing:

… Clause 13 provides for a new section 82A setting out a new procedure for
[the] disciplining of legal officers (meaning members of the Legal Service)
and non-practising lawyers. The Society henceforth will have no jurisdiction
over such persons. …

… [T]he Bill provides that both legal officers and non-practising lawyers will
be subject to the direct disciplinary control of the Court and not of the Law
Society, which means that the Law Society’s control is with respect to those
who are practising advocates and solicitors. …

[emphasis added]

30 The Respondent relied on the above extract to make two points: first, that
the Law Society does not have disciplinary control over non-practising
solicitors; and, second, that the Law Society is therefore not the proper
person to make an application under s 82A of the LPA for the grant of leave
for a DT to be appointed to investigate a complaint of misconduct against a
non-practising solicitor.

31 In my judgment, the Law Society was correct to say that in advancing this
position, the Respondent had improperly conflated quite different concepts. I
agreed with the Respondent’s first point that the Law Society has no
disciplinary control over non-practising solicitors. That, indeed, is why s
82A of the LPA was enacted to vest such control in the Chief Justice, whose
leave is required before investigations into complaints of misconduct against
non-practising solicitors may be commenced. This is consistent with the
legislative intent expressed in the extract from the Minister for Law’s speech
quoted at [29] above. However, the Respondent’s first point does not lead to
her second point, which is that the Law Society is therefore barred from even
applying under s 82A for leave for a DT to be appointed to investigate a non-
practising solicitor’s alleged misconduct.

32 In my judgment, to say that the Law Society has no disciplinary control
over non-practising solicitors means only that the Law Society cannot, of its
own motion, commence disciplinary proceedings against such solicitors in the
same way that it can, of its own motion, commence disciplinary proceedings
against practising solicitors (for instance, by appointing an IC under s 85 of
the LPA). Instead, as I have already noted, the Chief Justice’s leave must be
obtained before disciplinary proceedings against non-practising solicitors can
be initiated.

33 However, this is conceptually distinct from the question of the Law
Society’s standing to bring an application under s 82A of the LPA for leave to
investigate a non-practising solicitor’s alleged misconduct. In fact, that the
Law Society has to make such an application is consistent with the legislative
intent referred to above: it is precisely because the Law Society does not
have disciplinary control over a non-practising solicitor that it must apply
for leave under s 82A before it can investigate a complaint of misconduct
against such a solicitor. Put differently, the Law Society’s lack of
disciplinary control over non-practising solicitors means only that it must,
like any other “complainant”, apply for leave under s 82A before any
investigation into a non-practising solicitor’s alleged misconduct can be
carried out.

The case law

34 The Respondent’s contention that the Law Society had no standing to bring
the Present Application also ran contrary to a line of established authorities
where, on the application of the Law Society under s 82A of the LPA, leave was
granted for a DT to be convened to investigate a non-practising solicitor’s
alleged misconduct: see Ravi; Law Society of Singapore v Mahadevan Lukshumayeh
and others [2008] 4 SLR(R) 116 (“Mahadevan”); and Law Society of Singapore v
Gopalan Nair (alias Pallichadath Gopalan Nair) [2011] 4 SLR 607 at [4].

35 I note that the issue of the Law Society’s standing to make an application
under s 82A of the LPA was not raised in these authorities, but that suggests
that it was perhaps not thought to be a point worth taking.

The purpose of disciplinary proceedings under the LPA

36 Lastly, and, in my judgment, most significantly, the question of the Law
Society’s standing to make an application under s 82A of the LPA brings me to
the underlying purpose of disciplinary proceedings under the LPA. In this
regard, I find pertinent the following observations of the High Court in
Deepak Sharma v Law Society of Singapore [2016] 4 SLR 192 (“Sharma”) on the
question of standing to make a complaint to the Law Society under s 85 of the
LPA about the conduct of a practising solicitor:

59 From the legislative history of s 85(1), it appears that the statutory
position … was that any person may make an application or a complaint against
a solicitor to the Law Society. Although the words “any person” were removed
in 1993, Parliament made no statement to the effect that this removal was
meant to restrict the type of persons who may make complaints. … [I]t is
likely that Parliament’s intention was simply to remove the first limb of the
old s 85(1) because it had become otiose … and not to introduce a new standing
requirement for the making of complaints.

…

61 I am reinforced in my view that Parliament had no intention to restrict the
kind of persons who may make a complaint [under s 85] by the rationale
underlying why solicitors are disciplined for professional misconduct. The
rules of professional conduct that govern solicitors in Singapore and the
disciplinary process by which they are enforced are established with the aim
of maintaining the high standards and good reputation of the legal profession.

62 While disciplinary proceedings may have in certain situations the corollary
effect of righting the wrongs that the solicitor’s conduct may have inflicted
upon individuals, the disciplining of a solicitor for professional misconduct
goes beyond the interests of the complainant. This is why disciplinary
proceedings against a solicitor do not come to an automatic end when the
complainant withdraws the complaint, no matter how voluntarily or unreservedly
…

63 As the primary reason for disciplining solicitors is to maintain the high
standards and good reputation of the profession, it follows that it should not
matter who brings the complaint to the Law Society. If the conduct of the
solicitor complained of is so egregious that it brings the profession into
disrepute, and if the complaint has substance and is backed up by evidence,
there is a public interest in having such conduct investigated and the
solicitor disciplined regardless of who makes the complaint.

64 No doubt, the public interest in upholding the integrity and standing of
the legal profession must be balanced against the impact [that] disciplinary
proceedings have on the solicitor’s reputation and livelihood, and the strain
it places on the solicitor and the Law Society’s limited resources. In Re
Fordham, Michael QC [[2015] 1 SLR 272], [Steven] Chong J [as he then was]
noted at [31] that if any person may make a complaint to the Law Society, the
Law Society may become inundated “with frivolous complaints by persons with no
interest other than being busybodies”. He also noted that this may be
undesirable since it causes the limited resources of the Law Society to be
unduly stretched which, in turn[,] may delay the prosecution of more
meritorious complaints. I appreciate the concern about busybodies.
Nonetheless, I am of the view that the scales fall in favour of the public
interest in maintaining the profession’s integrity.

[emphasis in original]

37 The High Court’s observations in Sharma (which, as just mentioned, dealt
with the question of who may make a complaint to the Law Society under s 85 of
the LPA as regards the conduct of a practising solicitor) apply, in my
judgment, with equal force to s 82A of the LPA. The goal of securing the high
standards and good reputation of the legal profession undergirds disciplinary
proceedings against both practising and non-practising solicitors. To that
extent, there is a strong, if not overarching, public interest in having
substantive complaints of misconduct by solicitors investigated. Importantly,
this concerns not just the interest of the client or putative client in
question, but also the public interest. It follows that the pursuit of a
complaint against a legal practitioner should not be treated simply as a
matter of contract, to be acted on only at the behest of the client or
putative client who was or is party to a contractual relationship with the
legal practitioner. As the High Court noted in Sharma, disciplinary
proceedings do not come to an end simply because the client (or putative
client) decides to withdraw the complaint, no matter how voluntarily or
unreservedly.

38 This consideration has particular force in the context of s 82A because it
is not difficult to envisage situations where a putative client might have
good reason to complain about the conduct of a non-practising solicitor, and
yet be unwilling or unable to bring an application under s 82A. This is
because in order to make such an application, the putative client would have
to expend time and expense, which might quite reasonably be regarded by the
putative client as an impediment to pursuing the matters which he or she is
aggrieved about. In such a situation, if no party aside from the putative
client is able to make an application under s 82A, it could result in
meritorious complaints not being investigated. That is plainly not in the
public interest.

39 I return here to the point I alluded to earlier (see [28] above), namely,
that adopting the position that there are no limits on the categories of
persons who may make an application under s 82A of the LPA might give rise to
vexatious applications by “busybodies” having little to no connection with the
non-practising solicitor concerned. I note that in Re Fordham, Michael QC
[2015] 1 SLR 272 at [31], the High Court remarked, in relation to complaints
against practising solicitors under s 85 of the LPA, that only those who are
able to demonstrate “sufficient interest” in making a complaint may properly
make a complaint. Without coming to a final decision on the imposition of such
a limit on applications under s 82A, I note that this would obviate any
concerns of the floodgates being opened, and so ensure that applications under
s 82A are not made in an oppressive manner.

40 It is, however, not necessary for me to decide the point because the
present case concerns only the narrow question of whether the Law Society has
standing to make an application under s 82A. In my view, even if a requirement
of “sufficient interest” were to apply in the context of s 82A, the Law
Society would undoubtedly satisfy this threshold.

41 This is because the purposes of the Law Society, as stipulated in s 38(1)
of the LPA, are (among other things):

(a) to maintain and improve the standards of conduct and learning of the legal
profession in Singapore;

…

(f) to protect and assist the public in Singapore in all matters touching [on]
or ancillary or incidental to the law;

…

42 The corollary of these two important mandates must be that the Law Society
may, where necessary, bring applications under s 82A of the LPA for leave to
investigate complaints of misconduct against non-practising solicitors because
in doing so, it would be advancing its statutory purposes of maintaining and
improving the standards of conduct of the legal profession, and protecting and
assisting the public in all matters relating to the law. In this regard, I
consider there to be little, if any, risk of the Law Society being unduly
burdened by frivolous complaints. This is because the Law Society is not
compelled to bring an application under s 82A whenever it receives a complaint
of misconduct against a non-practising solicitor, but, rather, has a
discretion to decide whether to bring such an application.

43 For completeness, I note that there would conceivably be others, aside from
the Law Society and the putative client, who may also be taken to have a
“sufficient interest” in bringing applications under s 82A, including at least
the Attorney-General, who (among other things) is mandated to uphold the
public interest in all matters relating to the law.

The relevance of the IC proceedings

44 Before leaving the issue of the Law Society’s standing to bring the Present
Application, I address the Respondent’s contention that the Law Society,
“[h]aving convened the IC and completed the inquiry process, … now seeks to
use a different and incorrect route of DT proceedings to investigate the
[Client’s] complaint” (see [18(c)] above). In my judgment, there was no merit
in this argument for two reasons.

45 First, the IC proceedings were separate and distinct from the Present
Application. Further, as I highlighted earlier (at [20] above), the Law
Society did not rely on the IC’s findings in support of the Present
Application. Instead, it relied on the underlying documentary evidence
furnished by the Client.

46 Second, the alleged misconduct by the Respondent took place at a time when
she did not have a practising certificate. It is clear that “any advocate and
solicitor who does not have in force a practising certificate at the time the
alleged misconduct occurs would fall within [the] purview [of s 82A]”: see
Mahadevan at [12]. The Law Society was thus correct to make the Present
Application in order to pursue the Client’s complaint. In truth, the IC
proceedings were a nullity since they were initiated by mistake with no
jurisdictional basis.

Whether leave should be granted for a DT to be empanelled

47 I turn now to the question of whether leave should be granted for a DT to
be empanelled to investigate the Client’s complaint. The applicable test in
this regard is the two-step framework that is well established in the case law
(see Parti Liyani at [25] and Re Salwant Singh s/o Amer Singh [2019] 5 SLR
1037 (“Salwant Singh”) at [30]):

(a) First, the Chief Justice must be satisfied that there is a prima facie
case for an investigation into the complaint.

(b) Second, if a prima facie case is found, the Chief Justice should then
consider any relevant factors in favour of, as well as militating against, an
investigation into the alleged misconduct. In other words, the finding of a
prima facie case at the first step does not entail that leave must necessarily
be given for an investigation to be carried out. Instead, the Chief Justice
has the discretion to decide whether to grant leave.

48 In the present case, I was satisfied that both steps of this framework
clearly led to the conclusion that leave should be granted for a DT to be
empanelled to investigate the Client’s complaint.

A prima facie case for an investigation into the Client’s complaint

49 A prima facie case for an investigation into a complaint of misconduct
against a non-practising solicitor is made out where the evidence, if it is
eventually accepted by the court, would be sufficient to prove every element
of the alleged misconduct, either directly as a primary fact or inferentially
as a secondary fact (see Re Nalpon Zero Geraldo Mario [2012] 3 SLR 440 at
[22]–[24]).

50 I agreed with the Law Society that there was a prima facie case for an
investigation into the Client’s complaint in relation to two distinct acts of
misconduct.

51 The first act of misconduct related to the Respondent falsely pretending to
be authorised to act as an advocate and solicitor, in contravention of s 33 of
the LPA. As I mentioned earlier, the Respondent was an undischarged bankrupt,
and thus disqualified from holding a practising certificate, between 17
December 2016 and 30 May 2018. Yet, during this period, she continued to
represent to the Client that she was duly authorised to act as the Client’s
solicitor. This can be seen from the following evidence, which clearly met the
threshold of a prima facie case for an investigation to be carried out:

(a) The Respondent appeared to have undertaken work typically carried out by
solicitors, including advising the Client on substantive matters such as the
filing of the Client’s care and custody application in the Family Justice
Courts, and discussing payment for work done in relation to that application.

(b) Even after the Respondent revealed to the Client on 18 December 2017 that
she was an undischarged bankrupt and therefore unable to represent the Client
in the mediation scheduled for 28 December 2017 (see [6] above), she appeared
to have continued to discuss with the Client payment for work done in relation
to the Client’s care and custody application. She also appeared to have
assured the Client on several occasions that she was handling the Client’s
matter “personally” as her lawyer, and would be attending and representing the
Client at court hearings. On one occasion, the Client asked the Respondent if
she would be representing the Client at a forthcoming hearing and the
Respondent stated that she would be.

(c) Further, on two occasions, the Respondent appeared to have misrepresented
to the Client the true position as regards her bankruptcy and consequent
inability to act as the Client’s solicitor. First, in January 2018, she sent
the Client a Whatsapp message stating that the discharge of her bankruptcy was
“sorted” (the implication being that she could now hold a practising
certificate), even though she was still an undischarged bankrupt at the time.
Second, in March 2018, she sent the Client another Whatsapp message stating
that she was “in a v [sic] happy place … [w]ith [a] monkey off [her] back”.
When the Client replied saying that she had been “so worried [the Respondent]
wouldn’t get [a] PC [practising certificate] in time”, the Respondent did not
correct the Client’s mistaken impression that she could now obtain a
practising certificate and had already done so.

52 The second act of misconduct concerned the loan of $40,000 made by the
Client in December 2017 ostensibly to the Respondent’s husband but in reality
to the Respondent, and the loan of $20,000 made by the Client’s mother in
February 2018 to the Respondent (see [6]–[7] above). These loans were
allegedly made by the Client and her mother to enable the Respondent to
discharge her bankruptcy so that she could continue representing the Client in
the care and custody proceedings. The Respondent did not seem to contest the
loan from the Client’s mother. As for the loan from the Client, there was some
supporting documentary evidence of this.

53 The taking of loans by a solicitor from his or her client would ordinarily
be a contravention of r 23 of the Legal Profession (Professional Conduct)
Rules 2015 (Cap 161, S 706/2015) (“the PCR”), which prohibits a legal
practitioner from (among other things) borrowing money from a client and
procuring his or her immediate family member(s) to borrow money from a client.
The question arises as to whether r 23 of the PCR applies to the loans to the
Respondent from the Client and her mother, given that they were extended at a
time when the Respondent did not have a practising certificate.

54 However, it is not necessary for me to resolve this issue. That can be
addressed by the DT, or by the Court of Three Judges in due course if this
matter reaches that court. Further, even assuming that r 23 of the PCR does
not apply to the loans made to the Respondent by the Client and her mother,
the Respondent’s acceptance of these loans would nonetheless be a prima facie
case of misconduct under s 83(2)(h) of the LPA. Section 83(2)(h) is a catch-
all provision that covers “such conduct as would render [a solicitor] unfit to
remain as a member of an honourable profession”: see Law Society of Singapore
v Ahmad Khalis bin Abdul Ghani [2006] 4 SLR(R) 308 at [79], citing In re
Weare, a Solicitor; In re the Solicitors Act, 1888 [1893] 2 QB 439. It applies
to misconduct by a solicitor in both his or her professional and private
capacities: see Law Society of Singapore v Heng Guan Hong Geoffrey [1999] 3
SLR(R) 966 at [25]. In the present case, the Respondent appeared to have told
the Client that unless her bankruptcy were discharged, she would not be able
to focus completely on representing the Client. This suggests that the
Respondent exerted some “pressure” on the Client and her mother to provide the
loans outlined at [6]–[7] above. Further, while the loans were received in
December 2017 and February 2018, the Respondent’s bankruptcy was only
discharged in May 2018. Despite this, the Respondent appeared to have
misrepresented to the Client in January 2018 that her bankruptcy had been
discharged, and in March 2018 that she had a valid practising certificate (see
[51(c)] above). It appears therefore that there might also have been a lack of
candour on the Respondent’s part. These actions by the Respondent were
sufficient to establish a prima facie case that her conduct rendered her
“unfit to remain as a member of an honourable profession”.

55 Accordingly, I was satisfied under the first step of the two-step framework
that there was a prima facie case for an investigation into the Client’s
complaint.

The factors in favour of granting leave

56 Turning to the second step of the two-step framework, I likewise agreed
with the Law Society that leave should be granted for an investigation to be
made into the Respondent’s alleged misconduct. I came to this conclusion for
the following four reasons.

57 First, the severity of the allegations of misconduct and the strength of
the evidence against the Respondent weighed in favour of granting leave (see
Ravi at [55] and Salwant Singh at [67]):

(a) The allegations levied against the Respondent were serious. In Mahadevan
at [12], the High Court considered that the wilful misrepresentation by a
person of his or her authorisation to act as an advocate and solicitor in
breach of s 33 of the LPA would constitute “misconduct unbefitting … an
advocate and solicitor as an officer of the Supreme Court or as a member of an
honourable profession” for the purposes of s 82A(3)(a) of the LPA.

(b) Further, the allegations levied against the Respondent were supported by
objective documentary evidence.

58 Second, there was no delay on the Law Society’s part in taking out the
Present Application (as to the relevance of delay in this regard, see Salwant
Singh at [31]). To recapitulate, the Client discharged the Respondent as her
solicitor in September 2018 after her care and custody application failed at
first instance. The Client then engaged new solicitors for her appeal in
respect of that application, which appeal concluded successfully in August
2019. It was only after the successful conclusion of the appeal that the
Client made a complaint to the Law Society, which then initiated the process
leading to the Present Application (see [10]–[11] above).

59 The only possible “delay”, if any, would pertain to the one-year period
between the Client’s discharging of the Respondent as her solicitor in
September 2018 and her lodging of her complaint with the Law Society in
September 2019. As to this, I agreed with the Law Society that it was not at
all unreasonable for the Client to have awaited the outcome of her appeal in
respect of her care and custody application before lodging a formal complaint,
since her complaint, at least in part, arose out of the Respondent’s conduct
in connection with that application at first instance. To that extent, the
findings on appeal might have been relevant to her complaint: see Parti Liyani
at [45].

60 Third, the prior IC proceedings in no way prejudiced the Respondent. I have
already observed that the Present Application was separate and distinct from
the IC proceedings, and that for the purposes of the Present Application, the
Law Society relied on primary documents and evidence furnished by the Client,
and not on the IC’s findings (see [20] and [45] above). Further, and in any
event, the DT which is to be empanelled to investigate the Respondent’s
alleged misconduct will hear the matter afresh: see Parti Liyani at [48]. To
that extent, the Respondent will have an opportunity to explain her position
and put forward her case during the proceedings before the DT.

61 Fourth, the Respondent’s purported medical condition did not militate
against the grant of leave. The significance of this condition should be left
to be decided by the DT when it is empanelled: see Ravi at [54]. In any case,
the Respondent’s claim that she was suffering from depression at the material
time was not substantiated by any evidence before me.

Conclusion

62 For these reasons, I allowed the Present Application. As to costs, I
reserved the order of costs to myself should the DT decide that this matter
need not progress further, or to the Court of Three Judges should this matter
reach that court.

Sundaresh Menon  
Chief Justice|  
---|---  
  
Peh Aik Hin, Chia Su Min, Rebecca and Lim Jie Hao, Sampson (Allen & Gledhill
LLP) for the applicant;  
Peter Cuthbert Low and Yuen Ai Zhen, Carol (Peter Low & Choo LLC) for the
respondent.

**SUPREME COURT OF SINGAPORE**

14 June 2021

**Case summary**

_Law Society of Singapore v Chia Chwee Imm Helen Mrs Helen Thomas_[2021] SGHC
140 _  
_ Originating Summons No 1163 of 2020 __

\-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

**Decision of the High Court (delivered by Sundaresh Menon CJ):**

Outcome:__ The Chief Justice allows the Law Society of Singapore’s application
for leave to investigate a complaint of misconduct against a non-practising
solicitor.

Pertinent and significant points of the decision:

  * Both the Law Society of Singapore and the putative client of a non-practising solicitor have standing to bring an application under s 82A of the Legal Profession Act (Cap 161, 2009 Rev Ed) for leave to investigate a complaint of misconduct against the solicitor: at **[21]**. 

**Background facts**

1 This case concerned an application by the Law Society of Singapore (“the Law
Society”) under s 82A of the Legal Profession Act (Cap 161, 2009 Rev Ed) (“the
LPA”) for leave to investigate a complaint of misconduct against the
respondent (“the Respondent”), who was a non-practising solicitor at the
material time, and for a Disciplinary Tribunal (“DT”) to be appointed for that
purpose (“the Present Application”).

2 The Present Application originated from a complaint made to the Law Society
by a former client of the Respondent (“the Client”). The complaint was in turn
founded on, among other things, the fact that between 17 December 2016 and 30
May 2018, the Respondent was an undischarged bankrupt and therefore did not
have a practising certificate.

3 According to the Client, she was unaware of this when she engaged the
Respondent in or around December 2016 to advise and represent her in
matrimonial proceedings concerning the care and custody of her child. It was
only on 18 December 2017, just over a week before the Client’s care and
custody application was to proceed to mediation, that the Respondent informed
the Client that she was an undischarged bankrupt, and was therefore unable to
represent the Client in the mediation. As the Client was anxious to have the
Respondent represent her, she purportedly agreed to lend the Respondent a sum
of $40,000 to enable the Respondent to discharge her bankruptcy so that she
could continue to represent the Client. Approximately two months later, in
February 2018, the Respondent also allegedly borrowed a sum of $20,000 from
the Client’s mother.

4 As things turned out, the mediation of the Client’s care and custody
application did not take place because the Respondent could not attend on the
Client’s behalf, and the application was instead fixed for hearing. Unknown to
the Client, at the time the application was heard in April 2018, the
Respondent was still an undischarged bankrupt and did not have a valid
practising certificate. Another lawyer from the firm at which the Respondent
claimed to be practising, rather than the Respondent herself, thus appeared on
the Client’s behalf at the hearing. The application failed at first instance.

5 Subsequently, the relationship between the Client and the Respondent
deteriorated as a result of the Respondent’s failure to repay the loans from
the Client and her mother, as well as the Client’s unhappiness over the
Respondent’s handling of her care and custody application. In September 2018,
the Client engaged new solicitors to handle her appeal in respect of that
application. The appeal concluded successfully in August 2019, and in
September 2019, the Client lodged a complaint against the Respondent with the
Law Society.

6 As the Law Society thought that the Client’s complaint had been made against
the Respondent in her capacity as a regulated legal practitioner, an Inquiry
Committee (“IC”) was constituted in December 2019. The IC found that the
Respondent had breached s 33 of the LPA by falsely pretending that she was
duly authorised to practise as an advocate and solicitor between December 2016
and May 2018, when she did not in fact have a valid practising certificate.
Because the Respondent was not thus authorised during this period, the IC did
not make further findings on the other matters complained of by the Client,
especially in relation to the purported loans to the Respondent from the
Client and her mother and the conduct of the hearing of the Client’s care and
custody application in April 2018.

7 After the IC’s report was issued, the Law Society realised that the crux of
the Client’s allegations against the Respondent related to a period when she
did not have a practising certificate. The Law Society thus brought the
Present Application. The Respondent raised the procedural objection that the
Present Application could only be brought by the Client (her putative client),
and not by the Law Society.

**The decision of the Chief Justice**

8 There was no merit in the Respondent’s procedural objection. The Law
Society, in addition to the Client, had standing to bring the Present
Application under s 82A of the LPA. This conclusion rested on four prongs: at
**[21]**.

9 First, it appeared from a plain reading of the relevant provisions of the
LPA and the Legal Profession (Disciplinary Tribunal) Rules (Cap 161, R 2, 2010
Rev Ed) (“the DT Rules”) that there were no limits on the categories of
persons who could make an application under s 82A of the LPA; nor,
specifically, was there any basis in those provisions to exclude the Law
Society from making such an application: at **[25]** –**[28]**.

10 Second, although the Respondent was correct in contending that the Law
Society had no disciplinary control over non-practising solicitors, this meant
only that the Law Society could not, of its own motion, commence disciplinary
proceedings against such solicitors in the same way that it could, of its own
motion, commence disciplinary proceedings against practising solicitors.
Instead, the Chief Justice’s leave had to be obtained before disciplinary
proceedings against non-practising solicitors could be initiated. This was
conceptually distinct from the question of the Law Society’s standing to bring
an application under s 82A of the LPA for leave to investigate a non-
practising solicitor’s alleged misconduct. In fact, that the Law Society had
to make such an application was consistent with the legislative intent behind
the enactment of s 82A, which was to vest disciplinary control over non-
practising solicitors in the Chief Justice: at **[31]** –**[33]**.

11 Third, there was a line of established authorities where, on the
application of the Law Society under s 82A of the LPA, leave was granted for a
DT to be convened to investigate a non-practising solicitor’s alleged
misconduct: at **[34]**.

12 Fourth, the purpose of disciplinary proceedings against both practising and
non-practising solicitors was to secure the high standards and good reputation
of the legal profession. Consistent with this, the Law Society’s statutory
purposes included: (a) maintaining and improving the standards of conduct and
learning of the legal profession; and (b) protecting and assisting the public
in all matters relating to the law. To advance these statutory purposes, the
Law Society must be able to bring applications under s 82A of the LPA for
leave to investigate complaints of misconduct against non-practising
solicitors, especially where the putative client of the solicitor concerned
(“the putative client”) was unwilling or unable to do so: at **[37]** ,
**[38]** , **[41]** and **[42]**.

13 As the relevant provisions of the LPA and the DT Rules did not appear to
limit the categories of persons who could make an application under s 82A of
the LPA, persons other than the Law Society and the putative client would
conceivably also be able to make such an application. This could give rise to
vexatious applications by “busybodies” having little to no connection with the
non-practising solicitor concerned. One possible safeguard against this
potential for abuse would be to impose a requirement of “sufficient interest”
before an application under s 82A could be made. Both the Law Society and the
putative client, and also at least the Attorney-General, would be taken to
have a “sufficient interest” in this regard: at **[28]** , **[39]** and
**[43]**.

14 Applying the two-step framework for determining whether leave should be
granted for an investigation to be made into a non-practising solicitor’s
alleged misconduct, both steps clearly led to the conclusion that the Present
Application should be allowed: at **[48]**.

15 At the first step of the framework, there was a _prima facie_ case for an
investigation into the Client’s complaint in relation to two distinct acts of
misconduct: (a) the Respondent’s contravention of s 33 of the LPA by falsely
pretending to be authorised to act as an advocate and solicitor between 17
December 2016 and 30 May 2018, when she was in fact an undischarged bankrupt
and thus disqualified from holding a practising certificate; and (b) the
Respondent’s acceptance of the loans from the Client and her mother, which
_prima facie_ constituted misconduct under s 83(2)(_h_) of the LPA and
possibly also contravened r 23 of the Legal Profession (Professional Conduct)
Rules 2015 (Cap 161, S 706/2015): at **[50]** –**[55]**.

16 At the second step of the framework, there were four factors in favour of
granting leave to investigate the Client’s complaint: (a) the severity of the
allegations of misconduct and the strength of the evidence against the
Respondent; (b) the lack of any delay on the Law Society’s part in taking out
the Present Application; (c) the absence of prejudice to the Respondent from
the prior proceedings before the IC, which were separate and distinct from the
Present Application; and (d) the lack of any evidence to substantiate the
Respondent’s claim that she had been suffering from depression at the material
time, which claim should in any event be left to be considered by the DT when
it was empanelled: at **[56]** –**[61]**.

17 For these reasons, the Present Application was allowed: at **[62]**.

_This summary is provided to assist in the understanding of the Court’s
grounds of decision. It is not intended to be a substitute for the reasons of
the Court. All numbers in bold font and square brackets refer to the
corresponding paragraph numbers in the Court’s grounds of decision._

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 14 Jun 2021 (14:11 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

