Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC 281

Suit No 221 of 2021 (Summons No 4350 of 2021)

Between

Rohrlach, Nicolas Robert Adam  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Qantas Airways Limited  
---|---  
(2)| Virgin Australia Airlines Pty Ltd  
  
… Defendants

ORAL JUDGMENT

[Contempt of Court] — [Civil contempt]

[Contempt of Court] — [Sentencing] — [Principles]  

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Rohrlach, Nicolas Robert Adam

  
v

  

Qantas Airways Ltd and another

[2021] SGHC 281

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 221 of 2021 (Summons No 4350 of
2021)  
Mavis Chionh Sze Chyi J  
12 November 2021

3 December 2021 Judgment reserved.

Mavis Chionh Sze Chyi J:

1 The plaintiff is a former employee of the 1st defendant. The plaintiff’s
employment contract with the 1st defendant contains a six-month restraint of
trade provision (the “Restraint of Trade Provision”). 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions dated 4 November 2021 (“PWS”) at para 59;
Statement of Claim for HC/S 221/2021 (“SOC”) at para 9 (see Clause 4 of the
Restraint Deed Poll).

2 On 6 November 2020, the plaintiff was offered a senior leadership role in
Qantas Loyalty, which he accepted on 19 November 2020. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

1st Defendant’s Written Submissions dated 5 November 2021 (“DWS”) at para 11.

Prior to the start of his new role in early 2021, the plaintiff gave notice of
his resignation on 18 December 2020. He conveyed his intention to join the 2nd
defendant, Virgin Australia Airlines Pty Ltd (“Virgin Australia”), as the
Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) of Velocity, Virgin Australia’s customer
loyalty program. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

DWS at paras 12–13.

3 On 1 March 2021, the plaintiff filed HC/S 221/2021 (“Suit 221”), seeking,
inter alia, a declaration that the Restraint of Trade Provision has no legal
effect and/or is void and unenforceable. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

SOC at p 8, para (2).

Background

4 On 7 April 2021, the 1st defendant filed HC/SUM 1582/2021, seeking, inter
alia, an injunction against the plaintiff. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

1st Defendant’s Bundle of Documents dated 5 November 2021 (“DBOD”) at pp 4–5.

On 29 April 2021, I ordered that until the final determination of Suit 221 or
17 September 2021 (inclusive) (whichever occurs earlier), the plaintiff would
“be restrained from commencing work for, rendering services to, being employed
by or being otherwise involved in any activity or business of, directly or
indirectly, Virgin Australia Airlines Pty Ltd or its related bodies corporate
(as the term is defined in the Corporations Act 2001)”. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

DBOD at pp 254–255.

I will refer to this as the “injunction”.

5 On 23 August 2021, the 1st defendant filed HC/SUM 3954/2021 for leave to
apply for an order of committal against the plaintiff. I granted leave to the
1st defendant on 15 September 2021. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

DBOD at pp 663–664.

6 On 16 September 2021, the 1st defendant filed HC/SUM 4350/2021 (“SUM 4350”)
seeking an order of committal against the plaintiff. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

DBOD at pp 666–668.

I heard SUM 4350 on 12 November 2021, and I now give my decision.

The law

7 I start with a brief summary of the law on contempt of court.

8 The general principles are not in dispute. The applicant who seeks to
establish contempt of court has to prove its case beyond reasonable doubt (s
28 of the Administration of Justice (Protection) Act 2016 (Act 19 of 2016)
(“APA”)).

9 In deciding whether contempt has been committed, the court will first decide
what exactly the order of court required the alleged contemnor to do (or to
refrain from doing). In determining what the order of court required, the
court will interpret the plain meaning of the language used, and it will
resolve any ambiguity in favour of the person who had to comply with the
order. Second, the court will determine whether the requirements of the order
of court have been fulfilled. The complainant will need to show that in
committing the act complained of or omitting to comply with an order of court,
the alleged contemnor had the necessary mens rea (PT Sandipala Arthaputra v
STMicroelectronics Asia Pacific Pte Ltd and others [2018] 4 SLR 828 (“PT
Sandipala”) at [46]).

10 The threshold to establish the necessary mens rea is a low one. It is only
necessary for the complainant to show that the relevant conduct of the alleged
contemnor was intentional and that the alleged contemnor knew of all the facts
which made such conduct a breach of the order – this includes knowledge of the
existence of the order and its material terms. It is not necessary for the
complainant to show that the alleged contemnor appreciated he was breaching
the order: the motive or intention of the alleged contemnor and his reasons
for disobedience are irrelevant to the issue of liability and are relevant
only to the issue of mitigation. The liability is strict in the sense that all
that is required to be proved is service of the order and the subsequent
omission by the alleged contemnor to comply with the order (PT Sandipala at
[47]–[48]).

11 As the breaches complained of in this case occurred outside Singapore and
the plaintiff currently resides outside Singapore, I also note in the
interests of completeness that under section 11(4) of the APA, the court has
jurisdiction to try any contempt of court and to impose the full punishment
under the APA, inter alia, where the person who commits contempt of court
under section 4 of the APA is legally bound to obey or comply with the
judgment, direction or an order of court or an undertaking given to a court,
regardless of whether the disobedience or failure to comply occurred in
Singapore or elsewhere. It is not disputed that the plaintiff is legally bound
to obey and to comply with the injunction. Section 12(6) of the APA further
provides that “[t]o avoid doubt, the court may, if the interests of justice so
require, find a person guilty of contempt of court and impose the punishment
under this section even though the person is absent”.

The first alleged breach

12 I now turn to the first alleged breach.

The parties’ submissions

13 The 1st defendant submits that the plaintiff had introduced one Mr David
Magdic (“Magdic”), the Head of People Experience at Virgin Australia, to Ms
Barb Hyman (“Hyman”), the CEO of PredictiveHire, which is a Melbourne-based AI
recruitment startup; 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

DWS at para 20.

and that in so doing, the plaintiff was involved in helping Virgin Australia
with its recruitment process as the latter sought to scale back up following
its acquisition by Bain Capital in 2020. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

DBOD at p 183, paras 10–11 (Statement Pursuant to Rules of Court O 52 r 2(2)).

14 On 25 May 2021, the plaintiff first sent a WhatsApp message to Magdic at
1:53pm (Sydney time), stating: 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

DBOD at pp 194, 250 (see message dated 25/5/21, 13:53:34).

Also can you tell me your virgin email address? I will connect you to an ex-
colleague of mine who does awesome stuff in AI recruitment.

That same day, at 2:46pm (Sydney time), the plaintiff sent an email to
Magdic’s Virgin Australia email address, copying Hyman. The email title was
“Predictive Hire introduction”, and the contents were as follows: 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

DBOD at pp 259–260.

Hi David,

As I quickly mentioned, I wanted to introduce you to Barb Hyman. She’s the CEO
of Predictive Hire, a Melbourne-based AI recruitment startup. They are doing
awesome things around using AI in recruitment, particularly in positions like
Cabin crew. Takes the bias out of it, more efficient especially for volume
recruitment and also apparently better for the candidate (as they think its
fairer and get feedback too!). Qantas actually uses them for Cabin crew
recruitment I think. But I’ll let Barb explain that for herself.

Subsequently, Hyman replied at 4:14pm (Sydney time) as follows:

Nick- thanks so much for the intro …

David, it looks like you are Melbourne based.

Why don’t I pop in and we can see if our tech can be of help to you and the
team especially as you scale back up.

…

15 The 1st defendant argues that, on a plain reading of the written
correspondence, the plaintiff’s introduction of PredictiveHire to Virgin
Australia was to assist the latter with its recruitment process. This was in
the context of Virgin Australia seeking to “scale back up” following its
acquisition by Bain Capital in 2020. The plaintiff’s conduct constitutes being
otherwise involved in any activity or business of, directly or indirectly,
Virgin Australia. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

DWS at paras 25–26.

16 The plaintiff argues that sending this email did not constitute a breach of
the injunction. The plaintiff did not help and was not involved in helping
Virgin Australia with its recruitment process. Rather, the plaintiff was
endeavouring to help his personal friend, Hyman, and assist her in relation to
a matter concerning her own business by introducing her to someone he knew who
worked at Virgin Australia. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

PWS at para 21.

The plaintiff did not involve himself in further discussions with Magdic and
Hyman, did not influence any of Virgin Australia’s decisions in whether to
engage Hyman’s business, and had also said in his introductory email that it
was for Hyman to explain her business to Virgin Australia for herself. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

PWS at paras 22–23.

My decision

17 I am satisfied that the first alleged breach of the injunction is made out.
My reasons are as follows.

18 First, the plaintiff has said that he had no intention of breaching the
injunction: all he wanted to do was to connect his “very long-time friend and
former colleague” to Magdic, 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

DBOD at p 677, para 18.

and he “genuinely believed” that this did not amount to a breach of the
injunction. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

DBOD at p 673, para 8.

However, as the 1st defendant submits (and I agree), the plaintiff’s motive or
intention is irrelevant to establishing the necessary mens rea for contempt.
It is only necessary for the 1st defendant to prove that the plaintiff
intentionally sent that email: the 1st defendant does not need to show that
the plaintiff had appreciated he was breaching the court order, nor does it
need to show what the plaintiff’s motive was in sending the email (PT
Sandipala at [48]). 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

DWS at paras 27–28, 31.

It is clear from the plaintiff’s own affidavit evidence that this email was
sent intentionally. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

DBOD at p 675, para 13.

19 Second, I find that sending this email amounted to the plaintiff being
involved in the business or activity, directly, of Virgin Australia. The
plaintiff said in his affidavit that he had known Hyman since about 2004, that
Hyman had joined PredictiveHire as CEO in February 2018, that Hyman had
reconnected with him on 18 January 2021 because she had seen an article in the
Australian Financial Review about him joining Virgin Australia, and that
before that, they had not spoken for 10 years. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

DBOD at p 674, paras 9–11.

A few months later, on 23 May 2021, Hyman asked the plaintiff to introduce her
to Magdic. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

DBOD at p 674, para 12.

The plaintiff’s email to Magdic on 25 May 2021 informed the latter that
PredictiveHire was “doing awesome things around using AI in recruitment,
particularly in positions like Cabin crew” [emphasis added], described the
advantages of the technology offered by PredictiveHire (which included more
efficiency “especially for volume recruitment”), and even went on to note that
Qantas, his former employer, “actually uses them for Cabin crew recruitment I
think”.

20 Looking at the evidence as a whole leads me to the following findings.
First, the plaintiff and Hyman reconnected because she found out that he was
joining Virgin Australia. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

DWS at para 28(b).

The context in which they reconnected was thus not a social or personal one,
but was based on the plaintiff’s business connection to Virgin Australia.
Second, the plaintiff was well aware that he was introducing Hyman (the CEO of
an “AI recruitment startup”) to Magdic (the Head of People Experience at
Virgin Australia), so that Hyman could promote Predictive Hire’s AI
recruitment services to Virgin Australia. Indeed, prior to linking the two up
on email, the plaintiff had set the stage by explaining to Magdic that he
wanted to connect Magdic to an “ex-colleague…who does awesome stuff in AI
recruitment”. Third, in introducing Hyman to Magdic, the plaintiff himself
apprised Magdic of Hyman’s PredictiveHire technology; the advantages it
offered an employer in the recruitment process, “particularly in positions
like Cabin crew” and “for volume recruitment”; and the fact that “Qantas
actually uses them for Cabin crew recruitment”. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

DWS at para 29.

The plaintiff’s comment that PredictiveHire’s technology offered more
efficiency “especially for volume recruitment” was picked up on by Hyman who
then suggested to Magdic in her follow-up email that she could “pop in” on
Magdic to “see if our tech can be of help to you and the team especially as
you scale back up”. In short, therefore, in sending his email of 25 May 2021,
the plaintiff had involved himself in helping Virgin Australia with its
recruitment process as Virgin Australia sought to scale back up following its
acquisition by Bain Capital. This clearly amounted to involving himself in the
activity or business, directly, of Virgin Australia.

21 In his affidavit, the plaintiff tried to downplay the significance of his
actions: he said he did not benefit at all from introducing Hyman and Magdic,
and that his intention was simply to do Hyman a “small favour”, “in relation
to a matter concerning her own and not [Virgin Australia’s] business”. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

DBOD at p 675, para 14.

First, whether or not the plaintiff benefitted from sending this email is
irrelevant to whether he breached the terms of the injunction. Second, I find
it highly contrived to suggest that connecting Hyman with Magdic was a matter
that only concerned PredictiveHire’s business – and not Virgin Australia’s.
Any discussion between Virgin Australia and PredictiveHire on the potential
usefulness of the latter’s AI recruitment services to the former would plainly
concern both businesses.

The second alleged breach

22 I now turn to the second alleged breach.

The parties’ submissions

23 The 1st defendant submits that around June 2021, the plaintiff was involved
in discussions within Virgin Australia’s leadership and plans by Virgin
Australia to recruit one Rebecca Baart (“Baart”), an ex-employee of Qantas
Loyalty then working at a company called Healias, and/or to obtain further
information from her which could be used for the recruitment of individuals
for the benefit of Velocity’s business. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

DBOD at p 185, para 17 (Statement Pursuant to Rules of Court O 52 r 2(2)).

24 On 25 June 2021, one Charles Lawson (“Lawson”), a representative of Bain
Capital (the owner of Virgin Australia since 2020), sent Hrdlicka (the CEO of
Virgin Australia) an email stating that he had spoken to Baart, who was
looking to move on from Healias and who had been thinking about “what could be
done to make Velocity great”. He added that Baart had “an excellent great
rolodex of talented folks who have moved on from Qantas Loyalty, and is keen
to help [Virgin Australia].” On that basis, Lawson suggested that Hrdlicka
introduce Baart to the plaintiff and “suggest they catch up”. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

DBOD at p 265.

25 On 27 June 2021, Hrdlicka forwarded Lawson’s email to the plaintiff and Ms
Lisa Burquest (“Burquest”), who is the Chief People Officer at Virgin
Australia, requesting that they meet up with Baart. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

DBOD at p 265.

Hrdlicka wrote:

Hi both. You should meet Bec in the next little while. She is on mat leave,
left QFF to join Healias and is apparently not enjoying it. She is a rock star
and has the added bonus of understanding a loyalty business. For now would be
a get to know you but would be great for both of you in the event that we need
talent in the Velocity biz…. Obviously for Nick this can only be a social
engagement getting to know talent in the market. Her contact details are in
the email below.

On the same day, the plaintiff replied to Hrdlicka as follows:

Got it Jayne – will get onto meeting her, virtually for now!

Lisa – if you like I can talk first and then intro after?

A few days later, on 2 July 2021, the plaintiff had a web meeting with Baart,
which he describes as a “social catch-up”. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

DBOD at p 680, para 29.

26 The 1st defendant argues that based on Virgin Australia’s 9 June 2021
announcement, it is clear that Hrdlicka, Burquest, and the plaintiff were all
members of Virgin Australia’s Executive Leadership Team (“ELT”). 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

DBOD at pp 644–645.

Given the high-level appointments of its participants and the context of the
email exchange, there could be no doubt that the email exchange was really for
the purposes of advancing Virgin Australia’s business and recruitment
strategy, rather than arranging a purely social catch-up. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

DWS at paras 40–41.

Second, it was precisely because the plaintiff was the incoming CEO of
Velocity that he was involved in discussions with other members of Virgin
Australia’s ELT on the possibility of recruiting Baart for the Velocity
business, and/or obtaining further information from Baart which could assist
with recruitment for Velocity. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

DWS at para 42.

Third, Hrdlicka’s statement that, for the plaintiff, this could only be a
“social engagement getting to know talent in the market”, showed that all the
participants in the email exchange were aware of the injunction. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

DWS at para 44.

Lastly, there was a clear degree of planning by the plaintiff with regard to
the coordination of Virgin Australia’s approach to Baart. In the plaintiff’s
email reply to Hrdlicka and Burquest, he specifically proposed to Burquest
that he should meet with Baart first before introducing her to Burquest. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

DWS at para 46.

If his meeting with Baart was really an innocuous social catch-up, he would
not have needed to coordinate the order and timing of his and Burquest’s
respective approaches to her. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

DWS at para 47.

27 The plaintiff submits that he was not involved in any discussion or plans
to recruit Baart. The plaintiff says that he had simply agreed to meet a
former colleague socially, and he did not think there was anything wrong with
that as long as they did not discuss Virgin Australia. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

PWS at paras 39(c) and 40.

Further, during his meeting with Baart, they had mainly spoken about their
backgrounds, people they knew in common and what they did when they were not
working. When Baart said she might be interested in a part-time role with
Virgin Australia, the plaintiff informed her to take it up with Virgin
Australia separately as he did not intend to involve himself with any activity
or business of Virgin Australia. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

PWS at para 41.

The plaintiff said he never obtained any information that could be used to
recruit individuals for the benefit of Velocity’s business, nor did he discuss
his conversation with Baart with anyone at Virgin Australia. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

PWS at paras 42–43.

My decision

28 I am satisfied that the second alleged breach is made out. My reasons are
as follows.

29 First, it should be noted that the plaintiff’s meeting with Baart came
about following an email sent by Lawson (a representative of Bain Capital, the
owner of Virgin Australia) to Hrdlicka (the CEO of Virgin Australia). Lawson’s
email highlighted Baart’s “excellent” contacts, her plans to leave her then
employer, and the thinking she had been doing about “what could be done to
make Velocity great”. This was followed by the proposal that Baart should be
introduced to the plaintiff (the incoming CEO of Velocity) and to Burquest
(Virgin Australia’s Chief People Officer). Lawson’s email to Hrdlicka was thus
plainly sent in the context of Virgin Australia’s business. The suggestion
Lawson made in that context, for the plaintiff to “catch up” with Baart,
plainly contemplated that any engagement by the plaintiff of Baart would not
be for a purely social purpose, but would be to facilitate Virgin Australia’s
further engagement of Baart for the purpose of recruiting her and/or other
“talented folks” for Velocity’s business. I do not think it can be disputed
that the plaintiff would have been aware of the context in which it was being
suggested that he meet with Baart, since Lawson’s email was forwarded to him
by Hrdlicka, who added her observation that Baart was a “rock star” who had
“the added bonus of understanding a loyalty business”.

30 I have considered whether it may be argued that the plaintiff was only
asked to “catch up” with Baart, whereas it was Burquest who was tasked with
checking whether Baart had “any interesting leads for roles” that Virgin
Australia was “looking to fill right now”; in other words, that Burquest’s
role was related to Virgin Australia’s business, whereas the plaintiff’s was
not. I do not accept any such characterisation of the plaintiff’s role. The
plaintiff did not know Baart prior to being asked to meet her. There was
simply no reason for him to be involved in the email exchange and to be asked
to “catch up” with Baart, apart from his role as the incoming CEO of Virgin
Australia’s loyalty business, and Baart’s usefulness to that business as a
potential hire and/or a source of information about other talent in the
market.

31 In fact, in Hrdlicka’s email of 27 June 2021 to the plaintiff and Burquest,
Hrdlicka expressly pointed out that meeting Baart “would be great for both
[the plaintiff and Burquest] in the event that we need talent in the Velocity
biz”. Clearly, Hrdlicka was asking the plaintiff and Burquest to meet with
Baart either because Baart herself was a potential recruit for the Velocity
business, and/or because Baart could inform them about potential talent for
the Velocity business. I add that whilst Hrdlicka added that “[o]bviously for
[the plaintiff] this can only be a social engagement”, this statement was
qualified by her express observation that meeting with Baart would help the
plaintiff in “getting to know talent in the market” – an observation which
showed that the meeting would not simply be for the purpose of a social “catch
up”. Getting to know talent in the market would be fundamental for the
business of Virgin Australia, and even more so for the plaintiff as the
incoming CEO of Velocity. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

DBOD at p 265.

I should also add that I agree with the 1st defendant that Hrdlicka’s comment
that “[o]bviously for [the plaintiff] this can only be a social engagement”
demonstrated that the parties to the email exchange were aware of the terms of
the injunction that the plaintiff was subject to.

32 I also accept the 1st defendant’s submission that there was a “clear degree
of planning” by the plaintiff with regard to the coordination of Virgin
Australia’s approach to Baart. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

DWS at para 46.

If, as the plaintiff says, his meeting with Baart was merely an innocuous
social engagement with no connection whatsoever to the business of Virgin
Australia, there would have been no need for him to coordinate the meeting
with Burquest, the Chief People Officer of Virgin Australia. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

DWS at para 47.

33 Finally, I note that the plaintiff has insisted that his meeting with Baart
steered clear of topics relating to Virgin Australia. According to the
plaintiff, when Baart mentioned she might be interested in a part-time role
with Virgin Australia, the plaintiff informed her that he was not working at
Virgin Australia and was not sure what roles might be available should Baart
leave Healias. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

DBOD at p 680, para 29.

I also note, however, that on the plaintiff’s own evidence, he had then
followed up by telling Baart that if she was interested in exploring such
opportunities, she should contact Burquest directly and take up those matters
separately with Virgin Australia. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

DBOD at p 680, para 29.

The plaintiff thus specifically directed Baart to Burquest, the other
recipient of Hrdlicka’s email of 27 June 2021; and he followed the specific
sequence he himself had proposed to Burquest in his response to Hrdlicka’s
email, ie that he should “talk first” to Baart “and then intro after”. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

DBOD at p 265.

In other words, the plaintiff carried out Hrdlicka’s request in the 27 June
2021 email for him to “[get] to know talent in the market”, the “talent” in
question being the “rock star” Baart herself; and by getting to know Baart, he
established a professional connection that would allow Burquest (the Chief
People Officer of Virgin Australia) to follow up with Baart later on, either
to recruit her directly or to obtain information from her about other talent
which the Velocity business might benefit from hiring.

34 I reiterate that the plaintiff did not know Baart socially prior to being
asked by Hrdlicka to meet her. As I said earlier at [30], there was no reason
for him to meet Baart, absent the context of Virgin Australia’s business and
activity; and I reject his claims that his meeting with Baart was merely a
“social catch-up”. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

DBOD at pp 680–681, paras 29–31.

The third alleged breach

35 I now turn to the third alleged breach.

The parties’ submissions

36 The 1st defendant submits that around 9 June 2021, Virgin Australia stated
in a news release published on its website that the plaintiff was a member of
Virgin Australia’s ELT, and that one of the roles of the ELT is to oversee the
business transformation of Virgin Australia. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

DBOD at p 184, para 13 (Statement Pursuant to Rules of Court O 52 r 2(2)); DWS
at para 52.

According to the 1st defendant, the news release is compelling evidence that
the plaintiff was a member of the ELT as at 9 June 2021 – which would
constitute a clear breach of the injunction. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

DWS at para 57; DBOD at pp 644–645 (the news release on 9 June 2021).

Consistent with this announcement, this was why the plaintiff was in
discussion with other members of Virgin Australia’s ELT (such as Hrdlicka and
Burquest) in June 2021 on how to build up Velocity. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

DWS at para 56.

37 The plaintiff, for his part, asserts that he was not a member of the ELT
until after 17 September 2021. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

PWS at para 26.

The plaintiff also asserts that the news release relied on by the 1st
defendant does not in fact state that he was, as of 9 June 2021, a current
member of the ELT, nor does it state when he was appointed as a member of the
ELT. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

PWS at para 29.

My decision

38 I am not persuaded that the third alleged breach is made out. My reasons
are as follows.

39 At the hearing on 12 November 2021, I had asked the 1st defendant’s counsel
to identify the acts which the plaintiff had carried out as a member of Virgin
Australia’s ELT. Counsel informed that the only specific act identified was
that of the plaintiff meeting with Baart. Counsel also submitted that the
press release was “indicative evidence” of the plaintiff performing his role
as part of the ELT.

40 I am not persuaded by the 1st defendant’s submissions. First, as I noted at
the hearing, the press release itself is hearsay. This is unlike the first and
second breaches, where the evidence consists of emails and messages
indisputably sent and received by the plaintiff himself. I do not think this
press release is enough, on its own, to conclude beyond reasonable doubt that
the plaintiff “is and/or continues to be a member of the [ELT] of Virgin
Australia from 29 April 2021 until 17 September 2021”. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

DBOD at p 184, para 15 (Statement Pursuant to Rules of Court O 52 r 2(2)); DWS
at para 52.

41 More importantly, I agree with the plaintiff’s submission that the news
release does not actually state that he was, as of 9 June 2021, a current
member of the ELT, nor does it state when he was appointed to the ELT. It
should be noted that the main focus of the news release was the appointment of
one Dave Emerson (“Emerson”) as Virgin Australia’s Chief Commercial Officer;
and it was clear from the contents of the news release that as at 9 June 2021,
Emerson was not yet a member of the ELT, since it was expressly stated that he
“is currently a Senior Partner” at Bain and Company and “will join [Virgin
Australia’s] Executive Leadership Team” [emphasis added]. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

DBOD at pp 644–645.

In the circumstances, it seems to me reasonable to infer that although the
news release named various persons as members of the ELT, some of these
persons were not yet “current” members of the ELT as at the date of the news
release but were instead prospective new members who would be joining the ELT
in the future (or near future).

42 Leaving aside the news release, there was no specific act cited to show
that the plaintiff had carried out any duties in his capacity as a member of
the ELT “from 29 April 2021 until 17 September 2021” – apart from his email
exchange with Hrdlicka on 27 June 2021 and his subsequent meeting with Baart
in July 2021 (which already constitute the gravamen of the second alleged
breach). It should also be pointed out that there is nothing in the email
exchange of 27 June 2021 which stated or even suggested that the plaintiff was
already a “current member” of the ELT as at June 2021. Certainly he did not
need to be already a “current member” of the ELT in order to engage Baart as a
potential hire for Velocity and/or source of information on talent elsewhere.

The plaintiff’s other arguments

43 For completeness, I note that the plaintiff also argues that the court
ought to dismiss the 1st defendant’s application because the terms of the
injunction are unclear and ambiguous. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

PWS at para 45.

The plaintiff submits that the terms of the injunction could be construed to
mean that the plaintiff must not have even the remotest connection with Virgin
Australia or its activities or business – according to the plaintiff, for
example, he would not be able to use Virgin Airlines’ services to fly from
Japan to Australia, because flying on Virgin Airlines would amount to
involvement in Virgin Australia’s activities or business, 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

PWS at para 51.

or he would not be able to attend a public event sponsored by Virgin
Australia, etc. Second, according to the plaintiff, the plain meaning of the
injunction is that it applies to classes and categories of conduct which are
not caught by the Restraint of Trade Provision, and goes far beyond the 1st
defendant’s own case for why the injunction was sought and obtained. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

PWS at paras 58–60.

Third, the injunction was obtained “solely” to protect the 1st defendant’s
confidential information, 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

PWS at para 66.

but the 1st defendant is now relying on the injunction to, inter alia, impose
a “bare and blatant” restriction that protects no legitimate interest 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

PWS at para 69(e).

and has nothing to do with the Restraint of Trade Provision or the protection
of the 1st defendant’s confidential information. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

PWS at para 70.

Lastly, the plaintiff argues that because the terms of the injunction are
“ambiguous”, the court ought to resolve the ambiguities in the injunction in
favour of the plaintiff. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

PWS at para 72.

Since none of the alleged breaches involved the plaintiff undermining the
protection of the 1st defendant’s confidential information, it means the
plaintiff had not breached the injunction. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

PWS at paras 73, 75, 77 and 79.

44 I find no merit in the plaintiff’s argument that the terms of the
injunction are ambiguous or that they can potentially be understood to cover
things that have not the remotest connection with the business or activities
of Virgin Australia. This is not a case for any genuine doubt about what the
court’s purpose in granting the injunction was (Aurol Anthony Sabastian v
Sembcorp Marine Ltd [2013] 2 SLR 246 (“Aurol (CA)”) at [74]). This is not at
all a case like Aurol (CA), where it was unclear whether the Assistant
Registrar – in granting an interim sealing order in respect of “Mr Wong Weng
Sun’s 5th supporting affidavit dated 26 November 2010” – intended to seal the
5th affidavit which was actually dated 3 December 2010, or the 4th affidavit
which was dated 26 November 2010 (at [77]). In the present case, the phrase
“involved in any activity or business of, directly or indirectly, Virgin
Australia Airlines Pty Ltd or its related bodies corporate” is preceded and
qualified by the words “or being otherwise”, which in turn references the
preceding phrase “commencing work for, rendering services to, being employed
by”. It would have been clear that the references to involvement “in any
activity or business of, directly or indirectly” had to be read in the context
of the preceding restrictions, and that these references would not – indeed,
could not – include things which had not the remotest connection with Virgin
Australia’s business or activities (eg, taking a Virgin Airlines flight to get
from Japan to Australia).

45 Quite apart from the lack of ambiguity in the terms of the injunction, it
is clear that the plaintiff himself has never been in any danger of being
confused or misguided about what he was enjoined from doing. From the
explanations proffered in the plaintiff’s affidavit to justify his actions
vis-à-vis Hyman and Baart, it is clear that the plaintiff was (and is) well
aware of the difference between conduct that would amount to a breach of the
injunction and conduct that would not. Thus, for example, in relation to the
Baart incident, he took pains to try to downplay the significance of
Hrdlicka’s 27 June 2021 email, insisted that his meeting with Baart was purely
a social catch-up, and sought to emphasise in some detail his efforts to avoid
all mention of Virgin Australia during the meeting. I add that the 1st
defendant’s application for the injunction was heard inter partes on 29 April
2021, with the plaintiff being represented by counsel. It was not suggested by
the plaintiff at the hearing that the terms of the injunction as prayed for
were unclear or ambiguous, or that he did not understand what they required
him to do or to refrain from doing, or that they went beyond what was
necessary to protect the 1st defendant’s legitimate interests. Nor, in the six
months since, has the plaintiff attempted to vary or set aside the injunction
on the basis that its terms are unclear or ambiguous or that they go beyond
what was necessary to protect the 1st defendant’s legitimate interests. To
raise such an argument now is really to attempt a much belated collateral
attack on the court’s orders. I find these arguments to be without merit, and
I reject them accordingly.

46 Having found that the plaintiff committed two of the three alleged
breaches, I find that he has breached the terms of the injunction by involving
himself in the business and activity, directly, of Virgin Australia.

47 I now turn to the appropriate sentence to be imposed.

The appropriate sentence

48 Section 12(1)(a) of the APA provides that where the power to punish for
contempt is exercised by the General Division of the High Court (as in the
present case), a person who commits contempt of court shall be liable to be
punished with a fine not exceeding $100,000 or with imprisonment for a term
not exceeding three years or with both. I note that s 12(5) of the APA states
that despite subsection (1), the court may discharge the person who has
committed contempt or remit the punishment, on his or her purging of the
contempt, submission to the order or direction of the court, or on apology
being made to the satisfaction of the court.

The parties’ submissions

49 The 1st defendant argues that the appropriate sentence in the present case
is an imprisonment term of five days. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

DWS at para 77.

Citing the decision of the Court of Appeal (the “CA”) in Mok Kah Hong v Zheng
Zhuan Yao [2016] 3 SLR 1 (“Mok Kah Hong”) at [104], the 1st defendant submits,
first, that it has been irreversibly prejudiced by the plaintiff’s breaches of
the injunction. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

DWS at paras 72 and 76(a).

Second, the plaintiff did not act under pressure. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

DWS at para 76(b).

Third, the plaintiff’s actions were deliberate and intentional. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

DWS at para 76(c).

Fourth, his repeated and surreptitious breaches of the injunction evince a
high degree of culpability on his part. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

DWS at paras 71 and 76(d).

Fifth, the plaintiff has shown no true contrition and has only sought to deny
or explain away his conduct. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

DWS at para 76(e).

50 The plaintiff, for his part, argues that even if the court finds he has
breached the injunction, an order for a fine or committal is unwarranted. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

PWS at para 82.

Instead, the court should not order any punishment against the plaintiff and
should dismiss the 1st defendant’s application. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

PWS at para 86.

First, according to the plaintiff, he was fully transparent in disclosing
documents pursuant to the 1st defendant’s discovery request, and honestly
believed he had complied with the injunction. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

PWS at paras 87 and 89.

Second, the plaintiff says that any breach he committed of the injunction was
“only technical” and did not undermine the object and spirit of the
injunction, which was to protect the 1st defendant’s confidential information
– the plaintiff had not deliberately concealed or tried to cleverly manoeuvre
around the injunction, 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

PWS at para 93.

and he did not misuse the 1st defendant’s confidential information in any of
the acts constituting the alleged breaches. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

PWS at paras 94–95.

Third, any breach of the injunction by the plaintiff was (according to him)
“casual, accidental and unintentional”, 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

PWS at para 98.

and the plaintiff did not intend to disobey the injunction. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

PWS at para 101.

Fourth, any breach of the injunction is not so sufficiently serious as to
warrant punishment – the 1st defendant has not adduced any facts to show that
it has been prejudiced due to the plaintiff’s conduct. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

PWS at para 102.

Lastly, the plaintiff is a first-time offender and has extended his unreserved
apology to the court. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

PWS at para 103.

Sentencing principles

51 I now summarise the general principles on sentencing for contempt of court,
based on the caselaw.

52 In PT Sandipala, George Wei J referred to the CA’s judgment in Mok Kah
Hong, and noted that the factors relevant to sentencing include (but are not
limited to): whether the applicant has been prejudiced, whether the contempt
is capable of being remedied, the extent to which the contemnor acted under
pressure, whether the breach was deliberate or unintentional, the degree of
culpability, whether the contemnor was placed in breach of the order by reason
of the conduct of others, whether the contemnor appreciated the seriousness of
the deliberate breach, and whether the contemnor co-operated (at [69]). Wei J
also held that, in determining the appropriate sanction, the court should
consider whether the contemnor has taken steps since the breach to purge the
contempt (at [77]).

53 In PT Sandipala, the two contemnors had breached three orders for the
examination of judgment debtor (“EJD”) by failing to appear at the EJD
hearings or to answer the EJD questionnaires or to provide any documents or
books relevant to their assets at the time of the breaches (at [50]–[51]). Wei
J sentenced the two contemnors to seven days’ imprisonment each (at [88]). In
so doing, he took into account the fact that while both contemnors had
eventually provided answers to the EJD questionnaires, these answers comprised
bare denials of assets and income with almost no information or details
provided, which did little to mitigate, let alone purge, the contempt (at
[77]). He also noted their lack of genuine remorse and failure to take real
and substantial steps to address the breaches (at [83]). Wei J found that the
breaches were serious and repeated, the delay caused was considerable, and the
alleged contemnors remained unwilling to answer questions on their personal
assets (at [85]). The contemnors’ appeal to the CA was dismissed (with no
written grounds of decision).

54 Wei J also referred to several other cases where the court had imposed a
custodial term. I summarise these as follows.

55 In Sembcorp Marine Ltd v Aurol Anthony Sabastian [2013] 1 SLR 245 (“Aurol
Anthony”), the High Court imposed a sentence of five days’ imprisonment (at
[89]). Following a review of the case law, the High Court noted that the
following principles were relevant in sentencing: the attitude behind the
contemptuous behaviour, the motive for committing the contemptuous act,
whether a fine would have been an adequate deterrent, the reversibility of the
breach, the standard of care expected of the individual, the nature of the
contemptuous act, whether the contemnor was remorseful, and whether the
contemnor had procured others to commit the contemptuous act (at [68]). The
court found that the alleged contemnor, Mr Aurol (“Aurol”), had deliberately
and cynically breached an interim sealing order (at [70]), and had been less
than forthright throughout the hearings (at [72]). Aurol had forwarded the
sealed documents to a journalist, one Mr Raj, whom Aurol knew had published
unfavourable articles about the applicant in the past, and Aurol did not
inform Mr Raj that the documents were sealed. The court found that Aurol had
thereby enticed Mr Raj to publish an article based on the sealed documents (at
[78], [81]). The court, however, held that a lengthy custodial sentence was
not necessary or desirable as Aurol’s breach was a “once and for all breach”,
no financial damage was caused to the applicant, and Aurol was not an officer
of the court (at [86]–[88]).

56 For completeness, I note that Aurol’s appeal was allowed by the CA in Aurol
(CA), on the ground that the terms of the interim sealing order were ambiguous
(at [84], [96]), but the CA did not disagree with the sentencing principles
articulated by the High Court.

57 In Global Distressed Alpha Fund I Ltd Partnership v PT Bakrie Investindo
[2013] SGHC 105 (“Global Distressed Alpha Fund”), the High Court imposed a
sentence of seven days’ imprisonment (at [59]). In that case, the contemnor
had failed to attend the EJD hearings on eight occasions (at [37]–[49]), and
had been late in responding to the questionnaire on his assets (at [52]). The
court noted that the contemnor’s conduct had prevented the judgment creditor
from taking substantive steps to realise the fruits of its litigation (at
[55]), and the contemnor had evinced no remorse for his actions (at [57]). On
checking, however, I note that there was an appeal from the High Court’s
decision in Civil Appeal No 41 of 2013, which was heard before the CA on 4
November 2013. The CA set aside the custodial sentence and imposed instead a
fine of $25,000. No written grounds of decision were issued by the CA.

58 In Tahir v Tay Kar Oon [2016] 3 SLR 296, the High Court imposed a sentence
of eight weeks’ imprisonment (at [67]). The contemnor had breached orders
requiring her to attend two scheduled court hearings and to provide answers to
an EJD questionnaire (at [5]–[11]). The contemnor admitted liability at the
committal proceedings (at [18]), and sentencing was adjourned three times to
allow her time to purge the contempt (at [21], [26], [29]). At the final
hearing, the applicant applied for leave to withdraw his committal application
as he was satisfied that the contempt had been substantially purged (at [31]).
The court found that the applicant had suffered real prejudice by virtue of
the contempt, which was not capable of remedy (at [53]), and that the
contemnor had made no genuine attempts to cooperate and comply with court
orders (at [54]). The contemnor’s concealment of additional breaches was
persistent even when great leeway had been given to allow her to purge the
contempt (at [66]).

59 On appeal, the CA in Tay Kar Oon v Tahir [2017] 2 SLR 342 set aside the
imprisonment term and imposed a fine of $10,000 (or, in default, ten days’
imprisonment) (at [63]). In so doing, the CA took into consideration the fact
that the contemnor appeared to have substantially purged the contempt by
complying with the various orders and directions (at [57]); the applicant had
suffered little, if any, discernible prejudice from the contemnor’s failure to
comply with the directions (at [59]); and the contemnor suffered from major
depressive disorder at the time of the various breaches, which appeared to
have hampered her ability to deal with the various legal proceedings she was
facing (at [60]).

60 In OCM Opportunities Fund II, LP and others v Burhan Uray (alias Wong Ming
Kiong) and others [2005] 3 SLR(R) 60, the High Court imposed a custodial
sentence of six months on each of the contemnors (at [37]). The High Court
found that the contemnors had failed to comply with clear and unambiguous
orders of which they had notice, under a Mareva injunction granted by the
court (at [2]–[3], [30]). They also absented themselves from court on both of
the days fixed for cross-examination (at [31]–[32]). Lastly, the court found
that the contemnors had not purged their contempt, and remained uncooperative,
deliberate and contumacious in breaching the terms of the orders (at [36]).

61 Lastly, Mok Kah Hong (which the High Court in PT Sandipala cited and
followed) was a civil contempt matter arising from divorce proceedings. The
husband in that case had a history of acting in flagrant disregard of
judgments or orders made by various courts at all levels: his breaches
included acting in disregard of an injunction against dissipating, disposing
of and/or otherwise dealing with property as well as acting in disregard of
orders to pay specified maintenance amounts to the wife (at [52]). Noting that
“[a]lmost all the egregious factors which were employed by the courts to
impose a stiff sentence on the contemnors” in previous cases could be found on
the facts before it, and finding moreover that the husband’s non-compliance
was “both deliberate and fraudulent” [emphasis in original] (at [111]–[112]),
the CA imposed a suspended sentence of eight months’ imprisonment. As the
husband failed to take advantage of the suspension period to effect compliance
with the court order, he was subsequently taken into custody to serve the
sentence (at [117]).

My decision

62 In the present case, as a matter of principle, I accept the 1st defendant’s
submission that the sentence to be imposed serves two functions: the first is
a punitive function, ie the plaintiff is punished for disobeying a court
order; the second is one of general deterrence, ie persons who might be
inclined to disobey court orders are deterred from doing so by the knowledge
of the potential sanctions. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

DWS at para 68.

63 Applying the sentencing factors identified in Mok Kah Hong to the facts of
this case, there is no evidence of the plaintiff in this case having acted
under pressure. The plaintiff himself has not suggested he was acting under
pressure. There is also no evidence of the plaintiff having been placed in
breach of the order by reason of the conduct of others; nor has he made such a
suggestion. Further, given my findings at [18] and [33] in respect of the
Hyman incident and the Baart incident, it is clear that the plaintiff’s
breaches were deliberate and intentional. In this connection, it is also clear
that regrettably, the plaintiff appears not to appreciate the seriousness of
the deliberate breach: the apology offered towards the end of his affidavit –
while it purports to be “unreserved” – persists in characterising his own
behaviour as inadvertent and unintentional. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

DBOD at p 682, para 35.

In addition, considering that I have found two instances of a breach of the
injunction, the plaintiff bears quite a high degree of culpability. In the
circumstances, this is not a suitable case for imposing no punishment at all
(as submitted by the plaintiff).

64 On the other hand, although the 1st defendant has described the plaintiff’s
breaches as having been committed “surreptitiously” and “away from the public
eye”, 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

DWS at para 71.

it is not clear to me what the 1st defendant meant to convey by that remark.
It is not suggested, for example, that the plaintiff’s interactions with
Hyman, Magdic, Hrdlicka and Baart were conducted in a clandestine or secret
manner. Nor was this a case where the contemnor sought to conceal or obfuscate
the documentary trail he was leaving. Ultimately, it seems to me all the 1st
defendant meant was that it had not been aware of the plaintiff’s breaches at
the time they were committed and had come to know of them only afterwards.
Whilst this would be relevant to the issue of reversibility of any harm or
prejudice caused, I do not think it qualifies as “surreptitious” behaviour on
the plaintiff’s part.

65 As to the issue of prejudice, although the 1st defendant’s written
submissions repeatedly asserted that it had been irreversibly prejudiced as a
result of the plaintiff’s conduct, it was unable precisely to identify what
prejudice this was. Apart from a bare statement in Vesna Vinski’s 4th
affidavit 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

DBOD at p 199, para 27.

to the effect that the 1st defendant had been prejudiced, there was no
evidence of the alleged prejudice in the affidavits and documentation before
me. It was suggested in the 1st defendant’s written submissions that any
prejudice it suffered would be “difficult to quantify” 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

DWS at para 75.

[emphasis added] – and that may indeed be so, but at the very least, the 1st
defendant should have been able to identify and describe the type of prejudice
in question: whether, for example, it was prejudice in the form of the loss of
competitive advantage or the loss of a business opportunity. Absent any
evidence, the court cannot be the one suggesting the sort of prejudice the 1st
defendant may have suffered.

66 The 1st defendant has also submitted that a fine in this case will not be
sufficient punishment for the plaintiff because he is a highly-paid executive
who can afford to pay off a fine. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

DWS at para 79.

I think the fact that a contemnor has some financial means cannot per se lead
to the conclusion that a fine will never be sufficient punishment. Whether a
fine is sufficient punishment in any case will depend on the court’s
evaluation of the various sentencing factors in that case. I add that I do not
agree that in principle, a fine can never amount to sufficient deterrence to
other persons who might be minded to breach similar orders of court. Again,
the court’s decision as to what is required to satisfy the deterrent function
of the sentence must be based on its assessment of the various factors before
it.

67 Lastly, the 1st defendant also appears to suggest that the plaintiff’s new
employer (Virgin Australia) “can easily pay off the fine” on his behalf 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

DWS at para 80.

– but there is no evidence to support any such suggestion, and I therefore do
not give it any weight.

68 In PT Sandipala, the court pointed out that “committal to prison is usually
a measure of last resort” (at [68]). In the light of the factors I have
outlined above, and comparing the present case with the available sentencing
precedents, I am of the view that a custodial sentence is not warranted in
this case and that a high fine will suffice. Accordingly, I order that the
plaintiff is to pay a fine of S$25,000 within two weeks from today, with a
term of one week’s imprisonment in default of payment.

Costs

69 I will hear parties on costs.

Mavis Chionh Sze Chyi  
Judge of the High Court  
---  
  
Mohammed Reza s/o Mohammed Riaz, Clarence Ding Si-Liang and Darren Low Jun Jie
(JWS Asia Law Corporation) for the plaintiff;

Chan Tai-Hui Jason SC, Vincent Leow, Koh Zhen-Xi Benjamin and Tan Xue Yang
(Chen Xueyang) (Allen & Gledhill LLP) for the 1st defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 03 Dec 2021 (16:26 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

