Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC 292

Admiralty in Rem No 256 of 2020 (Summons Nos 586 and 599 of 2021)

Between

Owners of or other persons interested in the cargo lately laden onboard “Jeil
Crystal”  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

Owner of the vessel “Jeil Crystal”  
---  
  
… Defendant

Grounds of decision

[Admiralty and Shipping] — [Admiralty jurisdiction and arrest] — [Requirements
for arrest]

[Admiralty and Shipping] — [Practice and procedure of action in rem] —
[Warrant of arrest]

[Civil Procedure] – [Amendments] – [Effect of amendment of statement of claim
on in rem writ and warrant of arrest]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
The “Jeil Crystal”

[2021] SGHC 292

General Division of the High Court — Admiralty in Rem No 256 of 2020 (Summons
Nos 586 and 599 of 2021)

S Mohan J  
17 May, 15, 29 June 2021

30 December 2021

S Mohan J:

Introduction

1 HC/ADM 256/2020 (“ADM 256”) threw up an interesting issue regarding warrants
of arrest in admiralty actions in rem and the underlying cause of action in
respect of which a warrant is issued and a vessel arrested as security for the
claim. It would appear that the issue has arisen for consideration for the
first time in our courts.

2 In summary, the plaintiff was at all material times a financial institution
and had provided trade financing to its customer in respect of a cargo shipped
onboard the defendant’s vessel. The plaintiff commenced ADM 256 and obtained
in the usual way, on an ex parte basis, a warrant of arrest against the
defendant’s vessel. The claim was advanced on the basis that the plaintiff
was, inter alia, the lawful holder of the original bills of lading issued in
respect of the cargo in question and the defendant had delivered the cargo
without production of the original bills. However, at the time ADM 256 was
commenced and the warrant of arrest obtained, the plaintiff in fact no longer
had possession of the bills of lading. The bills of lading had been sent by
the plaintiff to its customer, and thereafter, switched by the defendant with
a fresh set of bills of lading; the switch of the bills of lading was,
according to the plaintiff, effected without its knowledge or consent. The
writ in ADM 256 was served, the vessel was arrested as security and
alternative security was eventually furnished by the defendant to procure the
release of the vessel. Sometime thereafter and following the discovery of the
true state of affairs, the plaintiff sought leave of court to, inter alia,
amend its Statement of Claim. In essence, the plaintiff wished to assert, in
place of its claim for (mis)delivery of the cargo without production of the
original bills of lading, an amended claim for, among others, breach of
contract and/or negligence on the basis that the defendant had wrongfully
switched the bills of lading without the plaintiff’s knowledge and consent, in
consequence of which the plaintiff was removed as a party to the contract of
carriage and its rights and interests in the cargo extinguished. The defendant
cross-applied to set aside the writ and the warrant of arrest and, in the
alternative, to strike out the action.

3 In the circumstances as summarised above, if the court allows the plaintiff
to amend its Statement of Claim, can the warrant of arrest be upheld on the
basis of the amended claim and/or cause of action even though it was not
originally pleaded by the arresting party at the time the action commenced?

4 I answered this question in the affirmative by way of brief oral grounds
which I delivered on 15 June 2021. Dissatisfied, the defendant sought leave
from the Appellate Division of the High Court (“Appellate Division”) to appeal
against my decision declining to set aside the warrant of arrest. On 23
September 2021, the Appellate Division granted the defendant leave to appeal
on one issue. The sole issue for consideration was framed by the Appellate
Division thus:

In an application to set aside a warrant of arrest of a ship, can the warrant
of arrest be upheld on the basis of an amended claim and/or cause of action
which was not originally pleaded by the arresting party at the time of the
application for and the issue of the warrant of arrest?

The defendant has since filed its appeal. These are my full grounds of
decision. I start by summarising the background facts to the extent that they
are material and will also set out the procedural history of this case.

Facts

5 The plaintiff is Banque Cantonale de Geneve, and was at all material times a
bank based in Switzerland, engaged in the business of providing trade finance
for international trade. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 1) dated 16 June 2021 (“SOC”) at para 1.

6 The defendant, Jeil International Co Ltd, was at all material times the
registered owner of the vessel “JEIL CRYSTAL” (the “Vessel”). 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Defendant’s written submissions dated 12 May 2021 (“DWS”) at para 5; Jung Hui
Chul’s first affidavit dated 5 February 2021 (“Jung’s first affidavit”) at
para 1.

Its commercial operator in Singapore was Dae Myung International Pte Ltd (“Dae
Myung”). 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Jung’s first affidavit at para 9(d).

7 On 12 May 2020, IRPC Public Company Limited (“IRPC”) entered into a contract
(the “Contract”) to sell 2,000 metric tonnes (+/- 5% at buyer’s option) of
Lube Base Oil 150BS (the “Cargo”) to GP Global APAC Pte Ltd (“GP Global”) on
FOB terms Rayong Port, Thailand. The Contract provided that the delivery
period was to be between 1 and 5 June 2020. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Plaintiff’s bundle of documents (“PBOD”) at p 192.

On 13 May 2020, GP Global on-sold the Cargo to Prime Oil Trading Pte Ltd
(“Prime Oil Trading”) on DAP basis and specified the delivery to be between 20
and 30 June 2020 at Chattogram, Bangladesh. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

PBOD at p 199.

GP Global’s broker and agent was RG Chartering Sdn Bhd (“RG Chartering”). 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Jung’s first affidavit at para 9(e).

GP Global chartered the Vessel from the defendant pursuant to a voyage charter
party dated 16 May 2020 for a single voyage from the port of loading at
Rayong, Thailand to the port of discharge at Chattogram, Bangladesh. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Defendant’s bundle of documents (“DBOD”) at pp 175–181.

8 GP Global sought trade financing from the plaintiff for the transaction
involving the purchase of the Cargo from IRPC. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

PBOD at p 190.

The plaintiff agreed and issued an irrevocable Documentary Credit No.
DC123770/MBX (“LC”) dated 28 May 2020 for the sum of US$1,020,000. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

SOC at para 2; Defence and Counterclaim dated 30 November 2020 at para 5(a);
PBOD at p 205.

The LC required, amongst others, a full set of clean on board bills of lading
to be presented: 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

PBOD at p 206 (para 46A).

2\. FULL SET (3/3) OF CLEAN ON BOARD BILLS OF LADING ISSUED TO ORDER OF BANQUE
CANTONALE DE GENEVE AND MARKED FREIGHT PAYABLE AS PER CHARTER PARTY AND NOTIFY
STANDARD ASIATIC OIL COMPANY LTD GUAPTAKHAL, PATENGA, CHITTAGONG 4205,
BANGLADESH (BIN NO. 000225553-0503) AND JAMUNA BANK LTD. AGRABAD BRANCH, FROX
TOWER (2ND FLOOR), 92, AGRABAD C/A, CHITTAGONG, BANGLADESH (BIN no.
001901948-0202)

9 The defendant issued three originals of Bill of Lading No. EX384/2020 dated
13 June 2020 (“Original BL”). 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

PBOD at pp 208–210.

In the Original BL, IRPC was named as the shipper, the consignee was “To Order
of Banque Cantonale De Geneve” and the notify parties were Standard Asiatic
Oil Company Ltd (“Standard Asiatic”) and Jamuna Bank Ltd (“Jamuna Bank”). 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Jung’s first affidavit at para 14.

On 23 June 2020, the plaintiff wrote to GP Global and confirmed that it had
received the documents required by the LC, including the full set of the
Original BL. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

PBOD at p 212.

Subsequently, on or after 24 June 2020 and at GP Global’s request, the
plaintiff delivered the Original BL to GP Global, with a signed endorsement on
the reverse of the Original BL from the plaintiff “To the order of [GP
Global]”. According to the plaintiff, it apparently acted in this manner based
on representation from GP Global and in the belief that GP Global needed the
Original BL to enable the Cargo to be delivered to Prime Oil Trading on the
basis of an invoice issued by GP Global to Prime Oil Trading, and which the
plaintiff was subsequently advised to be a fake invoice. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Julien Sebastian’s first affidavit dated 4 February 2021 at paras 16 to 20.

10 It later transpired that the defendant had agreed with GP Global to switch
the Original BL at GP Global’s request, apparently pursuant to liberties
provided for in the voyage charterparty between GP Global and the defendant;
the plaintiff contended that this agreement to effect a switch of the Original
BL was not known to the plaintiff at the time and they did not consent to it.
On 16 June 2020, the defendant via Dae Myung received an email from RG
Chartering containing GP Global’s instructions to issue a new set of bills in
exchange for the Original BL. The new set of bills of lading were to name GP
Global as the “Shipper” and instead of “To Order of Banque Cantonale De
Geneve”, the Consignee was to be stated as “To The Order Of Jamuna Bank Ltd
Agrabad Branch, Frox Tower (2nd Floor, 92 Agrabad C/A, Chittagong,
Bangladesh”. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Jung’s first affidavit at para 15; DBOD at p 172.

After GP Global received the full set of the Original BL on 29 June 2020 and
surrendered them to Dae Myung, the defendant issued the switch bills of lading
according to GP Global’s instructions (“Switch BL”) and proceeded to cancel
the Original BL by writing the words “Null and Void” on the front of each
Original BL. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Jung’s first affidavit at paras 26 to 27.

For completeness, the Switch BL bore the same number and date of issue as the
Original BL. While the Original BL was issued at Rayong, Thailand, the Switch
BL was issued at “Singapore As At Rayong, Thailand”; in addition, while the
Original BL was signed by the master of the Vessel, the Switch BL was signed
by Seanco Pte Ltd as agent for and on behalf of the master. For good order,
nothing turns on these two differences between the Original BL and the Switch
BL.

11 On 27 June 2020, the defendant received a letter of indemnity issued by GP
Global (“LOI”). Pursuant to the LOI, GP Global agreed, inter alia, to
indemnify the defendant against any consequent liability, loss or damage as a
result of the delivery of the Cargo without production of the original bills
of lading. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Jung’s first affidavit at para 23; DBOD at p 207.

On 30 June 2020, the Vessel arrived at Chattogram, Bangladesh and the
defendant discharged and delivered the Cargo to Standard Asiatic without
production of the Switch BL. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Jung’s first affidavit at para 29.

Subsequently, on 22 July 2020, Standard Asiatic surrendered the original
Switch BL to the defendant’s agent’s office in Chittagong, following which
both the Original BL and the Switch BL were in the defendant’s custody and
possession. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Jung’s first affidavit at para 30.

12 As I stated above (at [10]), the plaintiff asserts that it was unaware of
the switching of the Original BL and did not agree or consent to it. On 10
August 2020, the plaintiff wrote to the defendant and the master of the Vessel
giving notice to them not to allow the Cargo to be discharged without their
written consent (as the consignees of the Cargo under the Original BL) even if
a letter of indemnity was provided to them. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Julien Sebastian’s second affidavit dated 11 May 2021 (“Julien’s second
affidavit”) at para 84; PBOD at pp 180 and 237.

This is disputed by the defendant who claimed that the plaintiff’s letter was
never received by it. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

DWS at para 49(b); Jung Hui Chui second affidavit dated 30 April 2021 at para
13.

Procedural history

13 On 10 October 2020, the plaintiff commenced ADM 256 by issuing an admiralty
in rem Writ of Summons (“Writ”) against the Vessel. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions dated 12 May 2021 (“PWS1”) at para 22; Writ of
Summons (in rem) for admiralty dated 10 October 2020.

The Writ contained an Endorsement of Claim which stated as follows:

The Plaintiff, as the owner or other person interested in the cargo lately
laden on board the Vessel “JEIL CRYSTAL” under Bill of Lading No. EX384/2020
dated 13.6.2020, claims damages against the Defendant for conversion of the
said cargo, and/or breach or breaches of contract and/or duty and/or
negligence, in or about the carriage and/or care and/or custody of the said
cargo, in particular, discharging and/or releasing the said cargo without the
production of the original Bill of Lading.

14 The plaintiff contended that at this time (ie, on 10 October 2020), it was
labouring under an honest belief that it still had custody and possession of,
and accordingly, remained the lawful holder of the Original BL. The plaintiff
also applied for a warrant of arrest against the Vessel on the same day; in
the affidavit leading the application for the arrest warrant and at the
hearing before the assistant registrar, the plaintiff maintained its position
that it had custody and possession of the Original BL. The assistant registrar
granted the application and the warrant of arrest, HC/WA 39/2020 (“WA 39”),
was issued. In setting out a description of the nature of the claim in respect
of which it was issued, WA 39 replicated the Endorsement of Claim as contained
in the Writ.

15 The Vessel was arrested the very next day on 11 October 2020. Following the
arrest, the defendant instructed solicitors to seek confirmation from the
plaintiff that it held the Original BL. By way of a letter dated 13 October
2020 from the plaintiff’s solicitors to the defendant’s English solicitors
Penningtons Manches Cooper, the plaintiff confirmed that it held the full set
of the Original BL. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Jung’s first affidavit at paras 34 to 35; DBOD at p 234.

While the defendant claims that it “had no doubt that [it] had physical
possession of the [Original BL]”, its main priority was to secure the release
of the Vessel to minimise disruptions to the Vessel’s trading schedule. Thus,
it decided to furnish security to secure the release of the Vessel. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Jung’s first affidavit at paras 36 to 37.

16 On 15 October 2020, in HC/SUM 4483/2020, an assistant registrar granted a
consent order that the defendant be at liberty to pay into court the sum of
S$2,100,000 as reasonable and adequate security for the plaintiff’s claim and
the consequent release of the Vessel under arrest. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

HR/ORC 5738/2020.

Following the defendant’s payment of the said sum into court on 20 October
2020, the Vessel was released the next day.

17 After the filing of the plaintiff’s Statement of Claim on 4 November 2020,
the defendant sought inspection of the Original BL that the plaintiff claimed
to have in its custody and possession. On 16 November 2020, the plaintiff’s
counsel responded that it was taking steps to make the Original BL available
for inspection. However, despite several reminders from the defendant’s
counsel, the Original BL was not made available for inspection. The defendant
then proceeded to file its Defence and Counterclaim on 30 November 2020. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Jung’s first affidavit at paras 38 to 40.

The Defence and Counterclaim referred to the Original BL, that it had been
returned and switched with the Switch BL and that the Switch BL contained the
“stamped and signed endorsement by Jamuna Bank on its reverse side”. The
plaintiff contended that this was the first time it realised that it in fact
no longer possessed the Original BL. The plaintiff then sought inspection of
the Original BL and this took place on 14 December 2020 at the defendant’s
solicitors’ office. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Jung’s first affidavit at para 40.

18 On 4 February 2021, after the Statement of Claim and Defence and
Counterclaim had been filed, the plaintiff filed HC/SUM 586/2021 (“SUM 586”)
seeking leave to amend its Statement of Claim. This was to reformulate the
claim and centre it around the allegation that there was a wrongful switch by
the defendant of the Original BL with the Switch BL without the plaintiff’s
knowledge or consent. Among others, the plaintiff sought to amend its
Statement of Claim to plead a claim in negligence on the part of the defendant
in effecting the switch and/or a breach of contract as contained in the
Original BL. On 15 January 2021, the plaintiff filed its Reply and Defence to
Counterclaim and acknowledged that it sent the Original BL to GP Global but
without any knowledge that it was for the purpose of effecting a switch of the
Original BL. It became apparent that the plaintiff did not in fact have
custody or possession of the Original BL at the time it applied for WA 39 on
10 October 2020. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Jung’s first affidavit at paras 41 to 42.

19 On 5 February 2021, the defendant filed HC/SUM 599/2020 (“SUM 599”) seeking
to set aside the Writ and WA 39 and/or to strike out ADM 256 and consequently,
set aside WA 39. The basis of the application was that the evidence
demonstrated that the plaintiff was not in fact the holder of the Original BL
or Switch BL when ADM 256 was commenced and therefore there was no reasonable
or valid cause of action; alternatively, the action was frivolous, vexatious
and bound to fail. In the event WA 39 was set aside, the defendant sought an
order for the release and consequential return of the security it had paid
into court.

My decision on SUM 586 and SUM 599

20 I heard the parties on 17 May and 15 June 2021, after which I allowed the
plaintiff’s application in SUM 586 and dismissed the defendant’s application
in SUM 599; as stated at [4] above, I delivered brief oral grounds for my
decision.

21 I found that the plaintiff’s proposed amendments to plead claims against
the defendant in negligence and/or breach of contract and/or bailment were not
legally or factually unsustainable or doomed to fail. It was at least arguable
or unsettled whether the defendant as a carrier/bailee owed a duty of care to
inform the plaintiff before any switch of the Original BL was effected and if
there was a breach of any such duty, in the factual matrix of this case, that
had caused loss to the plaintiff. Whether the proposed amended bases of claim
are weak or strong was irrelevant. I did not consider them to be unarguable or
bound to fail. The plaintiff was entitled to pursue and attempt to make good
the amended claims at trial. This included factual issues such as whether the
plaintiff was aware of the switching arrangement and/or consented to the same,
and whether it was induced in any way by the defendant to give up possession
of the Original BL. There were also related legal issues that ought
legitimately to be tried such as whether the switching of bills of lading
(which, among others, operate as contracts of carriage) amounts in law to a
variation or novation of the original contract requiring the plaintiff’s
consent.

22 Importantly, the proposed amendments to the Statement of Claim, if they had
been pursued from the inception when ADM 256 was commenced on 10 October 2020,
would also have fallen within the court’s admiralty subject matter
jurisdiction under s 3(1) of the High Court (Admiralty Jurisdiction) Act (Cap
123, 2001 Rev Ed) (the “HCAJA”). In particular, I was satisfied that the
amended claims would have, at the least, fallen within the ambit of s 3(1)(h)
of the HCAJA, ie, “any claim arising out of any agreement relating to the
carriage of goods in a ship or to the use or hire of a ship”. I found that any
prejudice occasioned by the amendments being allowed could be ameliorated by
appropriate cost orders in the defendant’s favour. I accordingly exercised my
discretion and allowed the plaintiff to amend its Statement of Claim and made
the usual consequential orders allowing the parties leave to amend the
subsequent pleadings.

23 Turning now to SUM 599, in light of the fact that I had allowed the
plaintiff to amend its Statement of Claim, I dismissed the defendant’s
application to set aside or strike out the Writ. This was primarily on the
basis that I was satisfied that the amended claim, if made from the inception
when ADM 256 was commenced, would have fallen within the court’s admiralty
jurisdiction and would not have been legally or factually unsustainable. The
amendment to the Statement of Claim would, in my view, have cured the defect
in the Writ in framing the wrong cause of action, so to speak.

24 I was also unpersuaded that the defendant’s application to set aside WA 39
on the separate ground of material non-disclosure should be allowed. I agreed
with the defendant that objectively, there was non-disclosure by the
plaintiff, when it applied for WA 39, of the fact that the plaintiff was in
fact no longer in possession of the Original BL and that it had endorsed the
Original BL to GP Global. Indeed, the plaintiff’s counsel Mr Liew Teck Huat
did not contend otherwise. The plaintiff acknowledged that it was only upon
examining the defendant’s Defence and Counterclaim that it was alerted to the
fact of the Original BL having been switched. This then led it to make
internal enquiries which revealed that the Original BL had in fact been
delivered by the plaintiff to GP Global to enable them to deliver the Cargo to
Prime Oil. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Julien’s second affidavit at paras 20–21.

It was undisputed that these facts were not disclosed to the court when the
plaintiff applied for WA 39.

25 I accepted that the abovementioned facts were material, ie, they were
relevant facts to be brought to the attention of the assistant registrar
hearing the application for the grant of WA 39. Having asserted a claim on the
basis that it was the lawful holder of the Original BL and had custody of the
Original BL, it was clearly incumbent on the plaintiff to have checked that
this was a factually correct statement to make given that it was fundamental
to the title to sue asserted by the plaintiff when it started ADM 256.
Further, the fact that it had endorsed the Original BL to GP Global and the
reasons for doing so were also material considerations that ought to have been
brought to the court’s attention. These facts were clearly relevant to the
court’s consideration in deciding whether to allow WA 39 to be issued. The
fact that the plaintiff contended that it honestly believed at the time ADM
256 was commenced that it was the lawful holder of the Original BL did not
detract from the fact that objectively, there was, when WA 39 was applied for,
material non-disclosure to the court of the true state of affairs as far as
the Original BL was concerned.

26 It was not in dispute that notwithstanding a failure by the plaintiff to
make full and frank disclosure of material facts, the court retained an
overriding discretion, in appropriate circumstances, to nevertheless not set
aside the arrest and allow WA 39 to stand. Based on the affidavit evidence
before me and the submissions advanced, I decided to exercise my discretion to
allow WA 39 to be maintained for the following reasons. First, the non-
disclosure by the plaintiff and the circumstances in which it occurred, whilst
sailing close to the wind, did not appear to be deliberate or intended to
mislead the court. At the same time, it was difficult on the affidavit
evidence for me to conclude that it was innocent; as Mr Liew for the plaintiff
fairly conceded, it was a major mistake on the plaintiff’s part. It appeared
to me more likely that it was the result of negligence internally within the
plaintiff’s organisation. For the avoidance of doubt, I made no specific
findings in this regard given the defendant’s pending counterclaim seeking,
inter alia, damages for wrongful arrest. Second, as mentioned above at [23], I
had allowed the amendments to the Statement of Claim; the effect of the
amendment would be to cure any defect in the cause of action pleaded in the
Writ, and as I also said above, importantly, the amended claim would have
fallen within the court’s admiralty subject matter jurisdiction as well.
Balancing the relative prejudice to the parties and considering
proportionality of outcome, I exercised my discretion in the plaintiff’s
favour and declined to set aside WA 39.

27 The defendant did not take any steps to appeal against (a) my decision to
grant the plaintiff leave to amend its Statement of Claim, or (b) my decision
dismissing SUM 599 insofar as it sought to strike out the Writ and the action
under O 18 r 19 of the Rules of Court (2014 Rev Ed) (“Rules of Court”) and/or
the court’s inherent jurisdiction.

Further arguments

28 On 18 June 2021, pursuant to s 29B of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act
(Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed), the defendant wrote to the court requesting to make
further arguments on my decision to uphold WA 39. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Defendant’s letter requesting further arguments dated 18 June 2021 (“DFA1”) at
paras 2–3.

In essence, the defendant argued that the Writ and WA 39 should be set aside
because it was based on a non-existent cause of action, and that even if the
amended Statement of Claim could cure the defect in the Writ, it could not
cure the defect in WA 39; for the latter proposition, the defendant relied on
the Hong Kong Court of First Instance decision of Justice Barnett in Victory
Star Shipping Company S.A. v The Owners and All Those Interested In The Ship
“Amigo” and World Happy Shipping Limited [1991] HKCFI 64 (“The Amigo”). 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

DFA1 at para 3.

The plaintiff replied by way of a letter dated 21 June 2021 contending that
the defendant’s further arguments were substantially rehashing the same points
already canvassed at the hearing before me and, in any case, had no
substantive merits; the plaintiff also set out its responses to the
defendant’s further arguments. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Plaintiff’s reply to further arguments dated 21 June 2021 (“PFA”) at paras
4–5.

The defendant replied to the plaintiff’s further arguments in a letter dated
29 June 2021. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Defendant’s reply in further arguments dated 29 June 2021 (“DFA2”).

29 After considering the parties’ further arguments, I exercised my discretion
to hear parties’ further arguments. I was of the view that no oral hearing on
the further arguments was needed as the arguments were already encapsulated in
the parties’ letters. I dismissed the defendant’s further arguments, giving
brief reasons by way of a letter from the court dated 12 July 2021, and
affirmed my earlier decision made on 15 June 2021.

Appeal

30 On 27 July 2021, the defendant filed AD/OS 34/2021 seeking an extension of
time from the Appellate Division to seek leave to appeal against my decision
given on 15 June 2021 dismissing that part of SUM 599 seeking to set aside WA
39. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Originating summons for AD/OS 34/2021.

The extension sought was not objected to by the plaintiff and was accordingly
allowed by the Appellate Division on 12 August 2021. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

AD/ORC 20/2021.

31 On 17 August 2021, the defendant filed AD/OS 39/2021 seeking leave from the
Appellate Division to appeal against my decision dismissing SUM 599 in respect
of the defendant’s application to set aside WA 39. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Originating summons for AD/OS 39/2021.

As stated above at [4], the Appellate Division granted the defendant leave to
appeal on the following issue:

In an application to set aside a warrant of arrest of a ship, can the warrant
of arrest be upheld on the basis of an amended claim and/or cause of action
which was not originally pleaded by the arresting party at the time of the
application for and the issue of the warrant of arrest?

32 The Appellate Division noted that the defendant made two arguments in
support of its application for leave to appeal:

(a) First, that WA 39 ought to have been set aside for material non-disclosure
as it was not possible that the respondent honestly believed that it had the
Original BL when it commenced ADM 256 and applied for WA 39.

(b) Second, WA 39 ought to have been set aside as the plaintiff’s original
claim was premised on a cause of action that did not exist at the date of the
Writ. There was therefore allegedly no valid Writ at the time of the arrest.
WA 39 also cannot be upheld based on the plaintiff’s amended claim because the
amendments did not remedy the fact that WA 39 should not have been issued at
the time of the arrest application.

33 The Appellate Division rejected the defendant’s first argument. It saw no
basis to interfere with my exercise of discretion declining to set aside WA 39
despite the material non-disclosure.

34 As regards the defendant’s second argument, it was not persuaded that the
threshold of showing a prima facie error of law was met. It also expressed
doubt as to whether the defendant was correct in framing the argument on the
premise that there was a non-existent cause of action at the time of arrest.
It noted that the plaintiff’s amended claim was based on facts that were in
existence and its error was in failing to plead the correct cause of action in
the first instance.

35 Nevertheless, the Appellate Division was of the view that the question as
framed at [31] above arose for consideration in this case given that this was
an issue which touched upon the law governing the powerful and invasive remedy
of maritime arrests and that there were various considerations at play
(including the need to prevent an abuse of process). The Appellate Division
felt that a question of importance arose upon which further argument and a
decision of a higher tribunal would be to the public advantage. It also
considered it a question of general principle to be decided for the first
time.

The issue

36 I turn now to the sole issue in respect of which the defendant’s appeal is
brought – in an application to set aside a warrant of arrest of a ship, can
the warrant of arrest be upheld on the basis of an amended claim and/or cause
of action which was not originally pleaded by the arresting party at the time
of the application for and the issue of the warrant of arrest?

Parties’ cases

37 Mr Mark Tan Chai Ming, counsel for the defendant, submitted that WA 39
should not be upheld on the basis of the plaintiff’s amended claim for four
reasons: 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

DFA1 at para 3.

(a) First, WA 39 was wrongly issued based on a non-existent cause of action.
At the time of the application for WA 39, the plaintiff’s claim was premised
on the defendant “discharging and/or releasing the [Cargo] without the
production of the [Original BL]”. This was a cause of action in rem that did
not exist at that time and has now been expressly abandoned by the plaintiff.

(b) Second, the amendments to the Statement of Claim do not remedy the fact
that WA 39 should not have been issued at the time of arrest. In this regard,
the defendant relied on The Amigo which it contended was “on all fours” with
the facts of the case before me.

(c) Third, the plaintiff’s reliance on the rule that amendment of pleadings
operates retrospectively to the original date that the pleading was filed (the
“Relation Back Rule”) was inapplicable. The rationale of the Relation Back
Rule is to allow a plaintiff to amend a complaint which would otherwise be
barred by the statute of limitations or to bar a plaintiff from introducing a
new cause of action that did not exist at the time of the writ. This rule does
not exist to provide a curative effect for a defective arrest application by
allowing the ex-post facto introduction of new in rem causes of action. Even
if the Relation Back Rule applied, the amendment sought under SUM 586 was only
in respect of the Statement of Claim dated 4 November 2020 and not the Writ
dated 10 October 2020. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

DFA2 at para 4.

Thus, the amendment would only go back to 4 November 2020 which post-dated WA
39.

(d) Fourth, upholding WA 39 would set a potentially dangerous and unwelcome
precedent and be undesirable as a matter of public policy. This would allow
any party to apply for a warrant of arrest indiscriminately so long as it has
an “honest” belief. Applicants may be encouraged to make imprudent and/or
trivial applications for an arrest of a vessel even without any valid or
proper cause of action at the time of arrest. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

DFA1 at paras 18–19.

38 On the other hand, Mr Liew for the plaintiff submitted that WA 39 should be
upheld on the basis of its amended claim for three reasons:

(a) First, the amended claim still fell within the court’s admiralty
jurisdiction of the court. The court therefore has the power to order that WA
39 is maintained and the monies paid into court as security remain so. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

PWS1 at para 134; PFA at para 16.

(b) Second, upholding WA 39 was consistent with the Relation Back Rule. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

PFA at paras 13 to 17, 34.

The amendments to the statement of claim relate back to the date when the
original statement of claim was filed. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

PFA at para 33(a).

It is trite that any defect in an endorsement of claim in a writ can be cured
by the service of a statement of claim. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

PFA at paras 13–15, 33(b).

This was not contradicted by The Amigo which did not lay down any immutable
rule that that an amended statement of claim cannot cure any defect that may
have existed when the warrant of arrest was issued. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

PFA at paras 20–28.

(c) Third, there was no basis to suggest that the court’s decision would
encourage applicants to apply indiscriminately for a warrant of arrest or
lower the standards for the invocation of the in rem jurisdiction of the
courts. The ex parte application is the first “gatekeeper” against a
completely unmeritorious claim where an application supported by obviously
insufficient or contradictory evidence is rejected. The inter partes stage
upon an application to set aside the warrant of arrest is the second
“gatekeeper” where the court retains the power and discretion to set aside the
warrant of arrest and award damages for wrongful arrest after taking into
account all the circumstances of a particular case. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

PFA at paras 35–37.

My decision

39 After considering the parties’ further arguments, I maintained my earlier
decision that WA 39 may be upheld on the basis of the plaintiff’s amended
claim even though it was not originally pleaded by the plaintiff at the time
of the application for the warrant of arrest. I arrived at this conclusion for
the following reasons.

40 First, I disagreed with the defendant’s reliance on The Amigo for the
proposition that an amended statement of claim cannot cure any defect that may
have existed in the cause of action originally framed, whether in the Writ or
WA 39, when WA 39 was issued. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

DFA1 at para 3.

The defendant’s argument was that WA 39 cannot be upheld because it was
wrongly issued based on a non-existent cause of action, and that The Amigo
supported this argument. However, a close reading of The Amigo showed that it
does not stand for any general principle that an amended statement of claim
can never be a basis to uphold a “defective” writ or warrant of arrest. The
decision in The Amigo needs to be understood within the proper context of the
peculiar facts in play in that case, and I take some time in the paragraphs
below to analyse the facts and the decision in some detail. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

PFA at para 22.

41 In The Amigo, the plaintiff agreed to sell the vessel “AMIGO” to the
defendant (which acted as an agent for a nominee) and the parties entered into
a memorandum of agreement. Following the conclusion of the agreement, a bill
of sale was subsequently executed by the plaintiff transferring 100% of the
shares in the vessel to the defendant. On the same day, a provisional
certificate of registry was also issued by the new port of registry of the
vessel showing the defendant’s nominee as the purchaser and owner of the
vessel. A few weeks later on 12 March 1991, a director of the defendant
(“Director”) gave the plaintiff a post-dated cheque for the balance of the
purchase price amounting to HK$630,000; the plaintiff in turn provided the
defendant with copies of the bill of sale and other requisite documents and
also notified the Hong Kong Marine Department of the transfer of ownership of
the vessel to the defendant’s nominee.

42 The cheque for the balance of the purchase price was dishonoured on 21
March 1991, for reasons which the court did not need to go into. As a result,
the plaintiff commenced two in personam actions against the defendant and the
Director respectively (the latter having issued the dishonoured cheque), for
the balance of the purchase price. Barnett J noted (at [2]–[4]) that the
inference to be drawn from the two in personam actions being commenced was
that “the plaintiff had approved the contract for the sale of the vessel, had
parted with the property and sought to recover the balance of the purchase
price”.

43 Subsequently, the plaintiff commenced an action in rem in Hong Kong against
the vessel. In its original pleading, the plaintiff pleaded that it had
transferred 100% of the shares in the vessel in favour of the defendant’s
nominee. It also pleaded that it had been fraudulently induced by the Director
to accept the post-dated cheque and that, in pursuance of the contract and
receipt of the cheque, the plaintiff delivered the vessel to the defendant as
agent for the defendant’s nominee. In the relief section of its Statement of
Claim, the plaintiff claimed the balance of the purchase price and possession
of the ship. On the basis of this pleading, the plaintiff also obtained a
warrant of arrest against the vessel (at [5]–[6]).

44 Following the arrest of the vessel, the defendant’s solicitors wrote to the
plaintiff’s solicitors and informed them that the statement of claim did not
disclose a reasonable cause of action. The defendant took the position that
the claims for possession and for the balance of the purchase price were
mutually exclusive and the plaintiff’s pleading itself claimed that ownership
had been transferred to the defendant and a cheque for the balance of the
purchase price was accepted. In response, the plaintiff amended its statement
of claim, which it appears to have been entitled to do so without leave under
the Hong Kong court rules. Its amended pleading was that it “was and is the
sole owner of the vessel”. It only allowed the defendant to carry out
decoration work on the vessel. The plaintiff accepted the cheque on condition
that the vessel would not be delivered, and the ownership of the vessel would
be retained by the plaintiff until the cheque was honoured, and sought, inter
alia, declarations that it is the lawful owner of the ship (at [7]). The
defendant then applied for the amendments to the statement of claim to be
disallowed and the claim for possession to be struck out. It also applied for
the warrant of arrest to be set aside on the grounds that (a) the statement of
claim before amendment did not disclose any reasonable cause of action and (b)
there was material non-disclosure (at [8]).

45 Barnett J found no difficulty in setting aside the warrant on both grounds.
The learned Judge noted that it was not in dispute that the issue of a warrant
of arrest was discretionary and that there was a duty on the part of a
plaintiff to make and full frank disclosure. In rejecting the plaintiff’s
argument that the amended statement of claim was sufficient to justify the
warrant being issued, the learned Judge stated (at [13]–[14]):

13\. For the [plaintiff] Miss Wee conceded that the Statement of Claim was
perhaps unskillfully drawn. She boldly argued, however, that the assertions
therein were merely assertions of fact and were not intended to amount to any
admission that the plaintiff had divested itself of ownership and possession
in favour of the defendant. She said that the true intention of the plaintiff
is now made plain in the affirmation of Mr. Ling, the technical manager of the
plaintiff’s agent, who set out the background to the transaction between the
parties. That intention is now fully reflected in the amended Statement of
Claim, which effectively cures any defect that may have existed when the
warrant was issued. She said that, although the Statement of Claim may not
have disclosed a cause of action giving rise to an action in rem (she did not
however concede that this is so) the amended Statement of Claim makes it clear
that there was in existence a proper cause of action and that is sufficient to
justify the warrant being issued.

14\. I am bound to say that I have difficulty in accepting that argument. It
is clear to me that [the defendant’s counsel] is correct and that on the
material available to the Registrar when application for the warrant was made
that the plaintiff had apparently divested itself of ownership and possession,
so that there could be no question of a claim giving rise to an action in rem.
It is no answer to say that the position has now been remedied. The warrant
clearly was wrongly issued.

[emphasis added in italics and underlined bold italics]

46 As can be seen, the court's primary concern on the facts of The Amigo was
that the claim as originally framed by the plaintiff, on the face of the
unamended statement of claim, did not disclose any cause of action giving rise
to an action in rem. The original claim was in essence and substance (albeit a
fleeting reference in the relief section to a claim for possession) a claim
for the balance of the purchase price of the vessel. As noted by Barnett J,
that claim was not a claim that fell within the court's admiralty
jurisdiction. Barnett J had, earlier in the judgment (at [9]), observed that
in an application for a warrant of arrest against a vessel, the Court’s “first
concern” was to see if the claim is one which prima facie brings the plaintiff
within the admiralty jurisdiction. He then noted the “apparent” claim by the
plaintiff to possession or ownership of the vessel that founded admiralty
jurisdiction and gave rise to action in rem. However, that was merely the
“apparent” claim, and probably by virtue of the fleeting reference in the
relief section to a claim for possession. Counsel for the defendant had
submitted (at [11]) that the claim for possession of the vessel simply could
not stand on its own pleading because the only proper construction that could
be put on the original pleading was that the plaintiff had parted with both
ownership and possession of the vessel. It was further submitted that it was
“unarguable” that the original pleading disclosed no reasonable cause of
action “giving rise to action in rem under which a warrant of arrest might be
issued” [emphasis added in italics and bold italics].

47 Barnett J agreed with the defendant’s counsel’s submission that on the
material available to the Registrar when the application for a warrant was
issued, the plaintiff had divested itself of ownership and possession, and
thus there could be “no question of a claim giving rise to an action in rem”
[emphasis added in italics and bold italics] (at [14]).

48 It was in that context that Barnett J noted that the warrant of arrest was
wrongly issued, ie, because the original claim advanced by the plaintiff did
not fall within the court’s admiralty subject matter jurisdiction. It is
axiomatic that the court’s admiralty jurisdiction is essentially statutory and
that threshold jurisdiction cannot be waived or conferred by agreement. A
court would be clearly acting without jurisdiction if a plaintiff’s claim did
not satisfy the basic condition for jurisdiction, ie, that the claim to be
heard and determined by the court falls within its admiralty subject matter
jurisdiction (see The “Ohm Mariana” ex “Peony” [1992] 1 SLR(R) 556 at
[15]–[16] and The “Alexandrea” [2002] 1 SLR(R) 812 at [10]–[11]).

49 Thus, it was in those circumstances that Barnett J noted that even allowing
the amendments to the statement of claim could not cure the defect in the
warrant of arrest – as I have explained at [46], this was because the initial
claim pleaded in the action in rem (on which the warrant was granted) did not
prima facie fall within the court's admiralty subject matter jurisdiction.
After remarking that the position was thoroughly unsatisfactory as a result of
the plaintiff’s contradictory behaviour in commencing the three actions,
Barnett J stated (at [16]) that he could, in the circumstances, “see no
justification for making an order that the warrant should continue”. This
statement makes clear that Barnett J did not consider, nor did he hold, that a
warrant of arrest can never be upheld on the basis of an amended claim. It is
clear that the learned Judge considered it a factually sensitive inquiry and
chose not to exercise his discretion in favour of upholding the warrant of
arrest on the specific facts of the case. It would not, in my view, be
untenable to suggest that the court in The Amigo may well have come to a
different conclusion had the original claim been one that did give rise to an
action in rem but which had been incorrectly pleaded factually.

50 In the present case, it is undisputed that prima facie, the original claim
made by the plaintiff on the basis that it had custody and possession of the
Original BL fell squarely within the admiralty jurisdiction of the General
Division of the High Court notwithstanding that it was made on an erroneous
factual basis (at [13] above). As I prefaced at [22] above, under s 3(1)(h) of
the HCAJA, the General Division of the High Court has admiralty jurisdiction
to hear and determine “any claim arising out of any agreement relating to the
carriage of goods in a ship or to the use or hire of a ship”. It is well
established that the words “any claim arising out of” are to be read widely as
any claim which is “connected with the agreement” (The “Indriani” [1995] 2
SLR(R) 458 (“The Indriani”) at [20] and [23]).

51 It is also well-established that s 3(1)(h) HCAJA is wide enough to
encompass claims in tort and that the “agreement” need not be between the
plaintiff and the defendant shipowner (The Antonis P Lemos; Samick Lines Co
Ltd v Owners of the Antonis P Lemos [1985] AC 711 at 719; The Indriani at
[18]). What is relevant is whether the claim is sufficiently connected with
the agreement as an essential part of the plaintiff’s case (The Indriani at
[23]).

52 Reverting to the case at hand, the amended claim would, in my view, also
fall within the court’s admiralty jurisdiction. For example, the claim against
the defendant in the tort of negligence for breaching its duty of care to the
plaintiff in effecting the switch of the bills of lading would be a claim
“connected with” (and therefore, “arising out of”) either the Original BL or
the Switch BL. It is indisputable that either bill of lading would constitute
“an agreement relating to the carriage of goods in a ship”, and it is
immaterial that, for example, the plaintiff was never a party to the Switch
BL. These, in my judgment, are material distinguishing features between this
case and The Amigo.

53 Upon hearing the parties inter partes when deciding whether to set aside WA
39, I applied my mind to what this court would have done had the true facts
and the amended claim been presented to it at the ex parte application for the
warrant of arrest on 10 October 2020. I was satisfied that all the
requirements for the valid invocation of the court’s admiralty jurisdiction,
as summarised in The “Bunga Melati 5” [2012] 4 SLR 546 (at [112]), would have
been met, and accordingly, I would have allowed the warrant of arrest to be
issued.

54 The Amigo is also distinguishable by the fact that the plaintiff did not
disclose, in its ex parte application for the arrest warrant against the
vessel, that it had commenced the two other non in rem actions (see [42]
above). Barnett J considered that those actions made the basis for the in rem
action “highly questionable” and those separate actions should have been
brought to the Registrar’s attention as “they were material to the question of
jurisdiction” [emphasis added]. This non-disclosure clearly weighed heavily in
the court's decision to set aside the arrest (at [15]). As the plaintiff
pointed out, 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

PFA at para 27.

in The Amigo, there was ultimately no amendment to the statement of claim as
the court granted the defendant’s application to disallow the amendments made
by the plaintiff. In contrast, in the case before me, I allowed the plaintiff
to amend its Statement of Claim (at [26] above). When read closely and in its
proper context, The Amigo does not stand for any proposition that despite
allowing an admiralty in rem claimant to amend its statement of claim to
advance a different pleaded claim to that pleaded when the in rem writ and
warrant of arrest were issued, any defect in either the in rem writ or the
warrant of arrest cannot be cured by a subsequent amendment to the statement
of claim.

55 For the reasons above, I disagreed with the defendant that The Amigo was on
“all fours” with the present case. Nor did it lay down any rule that a warrant
of arrest could not be cured by a later amendment to a statement of claim,
even where the amended pleading has the effect of curing a pleading defect in
the in rem writ.

56 Second, the defendant’s technical objection that the Writ and WA 39 were
not amended because the plaintiff’s first prayer in SUM 586 only sought leave
to amend the Statement of Claim dated 4 November 2020 was without merit. In my
view, the court’s order allowing the plaintiff to amend the Statement of Claim
and to uphold WA 39 should be taken as consequentially allowing an amendment
of the writ and the warrant of arrest as well. I say so for two main reasons.

57 First, the in rem writ, statement of claim and warrant of arrest are
intractably interlinked. Indeed, the writ and the statement of claim read
together forms the substance of the claim itself. The Court of Appeal, in Pan-
United Shipyard Pte Ltd v The Chase Manhattan Bank (National Association)
[1999] 1 SLR(R) 703 (at [27]), noted “it is trite law that any defect in the
indorsement of claim can be cured by the delivery of a proper statement of
claim”. This supports the view that where leave is granted for the plaintiff
to amend its statement of claim, a defective endorsement of the claim in the
writ must, if necessary, be taken as consequently amended as well. The
contrary position would make no logical sense since the court’s order granting
leave to amend the statement of claim would be rendered nugatory should the
writ still be considered invalid or defective simply because leave was not
sought to amend the writ separately. In addition, it must also mean that the
consequential amendment to the writ should relate back to when the writ was
filed, so long as the facts/cause of action pleaded in the amended statement
of claim were in existence at the time the writ was originally filed. This
must follow as the Relation Back Rule cannot apply if the amendment seeks to
plead facts or a cause of action that only came into existence after the writ
was issued (see below at [65]).

58 In my judgment, this reasoning ought to apply similarly to the warrant of
arrest. The form of the warrant (Form 160 in Appendix A of the Rules of Court)
requires the plaintiff to set out a description of the claim. Often, the
plaintiff will, as suggested by the form, simply replicate the endorsement of
claim in the writ, as was the case here. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

DBOD Tab 1 (Writ) and Tab 2 (WA 39).

In The “Xin Chang Shu” [2016] 1 SLR 1096 (“Xin Chang Shu”), Steven Chong J (as
he then was) considered the close relationship between a writ in rem and a
warrant of arrest. Chong J stated that the only prerequisite to the court’s
jurisdiction to issue a warrant of arrest is that a writ must have been filed
in an action in rem. From this, he considered it clear that a warrant of
arrest cannot exist without an issuance of a valid in rem writ (at [25]).

59 In the case before me, the effect of the amendments I allowed to the
Statement of Claim and its curative effect on the Writ means that there was
and remains a valid action in rem. The arrest of a vessel is for the purpose
of obtaining security for the underlying claim in the in rem writ. If so, and
if a pleading defect in the Writ is cured by a subsequent amendment to the
Statement of Claim, I did not see why in this case, WA 39 cannot be similarly
treated as being consequentially amended. None of these defects, in my view,
has the effect of rendering the Writ or WA 39 nullities; nor do they call into
question the existence of the court’s admiralty jurisdiction, unlike in The
Amigo. In my judgment, there were at best defects or irregularities in the
Writ and WA 39 which may, in appropriate circumstances, be cured by the court
under O 2 r 1 of the Rules of Court, which applies to admiralty actions in rem
under O 70.

60 In any case, O 20 r 8 of the Rules of Court explicitly grants the court
power to amend any document in the proceedings on its own motion or on the
application of any party:

Amendment of certain other documents (0.20, r. 8)

8. —(1) For the purpose of determining the real question in controversy between the parties to any proceedings, or of correcting any defect or error in any proceedings, the Court may at any stage of the proceedings and either of its own motion or on the application of any party to the proceedings order any document in the proceedings to be amended on such terms as to costs or otherwise as may be just and in such manner (if any) as it may direct.

(2) This Rule shall not have effect in relation to a judgment or an order.

[emphasis added]

61 As noted in Singapore Civil Procedure Vol I (Cavinder Bull SC gen ed)
(Sweet & Maxwell, 2021) (“Singapore Civil Procedure”) at para 20/8/2, the
“generality of r.8 applies it as well to writs and pleadings as it does to
other documents”.

62 In my view, the claim described in the unamended Writ and WA 39 would
constitute a “defect or error” in the proceedings, especially in circumstances
where the Statement of Claim was duly amended pursuant to the leave I granted,
but the Writ and WA 39 remained unamended, and only because the plaintiff did
not seek leave to also specifically amend those documents. The question that
arises is – was this defect fatal to WA 39? In my view, the answer is No. If
there had been a formal application to amend the Writ and WA 39, I would have
been prepared to exercise the power conferred by O 20 r 8 of the Rules of
Court. Alternatively, I could have done so on my own motion. Thus, the fact
that there was no such formal application by the plaintiff does not in any way
alter the position as that was the effect of my decision to (a) not set aside
or strike out the Writ; (b) allow the Statement of Claim to be amended; and
(c) uphold WA 39.

63 Third, I agreed with the plaintiff that the Relation Back Rule supported
the upholding of WA 39. The Relation Back Rule is well-known and is explained
in Singapore Civil Procedure at para 20/8/3 as follows:

An amendment duly made, with or without leave, takes effect, not from the date
when the amendment is made, but the date of the original date of the original
document which it amends; and this rule applies to every successive amendment
of whatever nature and at whatever stage the amendment is made.

Thus, when an amendment is made to the writ, the amendment dates back to the
date of the original issue of the writ and the action continues as though the
amendment had been inserted from the beginning: “the writ as amended becomes
the origin of the action, and the claim thereon indorsed is substituted for
the claim originally indorsed”..…

64 Given my analysis at [59] above, the defendant’s contention that WA 39
cannot be upheld since the retrospective effect only went back to the date the
Statement of Claim was filed (ie, 4 November 2020) falls away and, in my
judgment, interprets the Relation Back Rule incorrectly. Since the amendment
to the Statement of Claim cures the pleading defect in the Endorsement of
Claim in the Writ, the application of the Relation Back Rule in that context
is such that the Endorsement of Claim in the Writ is also to be treated as
having been amended (or cured) retrospectively to 10 October 2020 (ie, the
date ADM 256 was commenced and WA 39 was issued).

65 Fourth, this was not a case where the plaintiff sought, through an
amendment, to introduce a new cause of action or facts that did not exist at
the date of the Writ. In Saga Foodstuffs Manufacturing (Pte) Ltd v Best Food
Pte Ltd [1994] 1 SLR(R) 505 (“Saga Foodstuffs”), Lai Siu Chiu JC (as she then
was) dealt with an application by the plaintiff to amend its statement of
claim (at [3]). Lai JC explained that the Relation Back Rule encapsulated the
principle that “an amendment is retrospective to the original date that the
pleading was filed”. She considered that the amendment would have been
retrospective “to the original date that the pleading was filed, in this case
to the date the plaintiffs filed their writ” (at [9(b)]). On that date, the
cause of action of the amended claim had not arisen. Thus, she disallowed the
amendment application on the basis that a new cause of action that arose after
the date of the writ could not introduced by way of an amendment. This holding
in Saga Foodstuffs was endorsed by the Court of Appeal in The “Jarguh Sawit”
[1997] 3 SLR(R) 829 (at [58]).

66 The facts pleaded by the plaintiff and constituting the amended claim were
already in existence when ADM 256 was commenced and when WA 39 was applied
for. I did not allow the plaintiff to plead new facts that were not in
existence at that time. At the material time, the switch of the Original BL
had occurred and the cargo had been delivered to third parties, and as the
plaintiff asserted, without its knowledge or consent. The cause of action
under the amended claim thus existed at the material time.

67 Finally, I saw no merit in the defendant’s argument that upholding WA 39 in
this case sets an unwelcome precedent which encourages imprudent or trivial
applications for an arrest warrant. The concern raised was, in my view,
overstated and ignored the peculiar factual context within which I made the
orders I did in this case.

68 It is accepted that ship arrest is a powerful weapon in an admiralty
claimant’s armoury, and if abused, can be financially ruinous to a shipowner
(The “Vasiliy Golovnin” [2008] 4 SLR(R) 994 (“The Vasiliy Golovnin”) at [51]).
It is also accepted that, as a bulwark against such abuse of the arrest
process, the law on wrongful arrest was developed so as to protect shipowners
against malicious arrests or arrests brought with “so little colour” or “so
little foundation” that it implied malice on the part of the arresting party
(Xin Chang Shu at [1]).

69 This is also why it is settled law that in an ex parte application for the
grant of a warrant of arrest against a ship, the applicant must disclose to
the court all matters within his knowledge which might be material even if
they are prejudicial to the applicant’s claim (The Vasiliy Golovnin at [83]).
As the arrest of a vessel is a draconian discretionary remedy given on an ex
parte basis, this duty to make full and frank disclosure is an important
bulwark against the abuse of the arrest process (The “Rainbow Spring” [2003] 3
SLR(R) 362 at [37]). Thus, material non-disclosure is an independent ground
for setting aside an arrest (The “AA V” [1999] 3 SLR(R) 664 at [47]). Where a
court condemns material non-disclosure by setting aside the warrant of arrest
obtained ex parte, it does so in the public interest to discourage abuse of
its ex parte procedure. Such condemnation by the court serves as a reminder of
the importance of dealing in good faith with the court when such ex parte
applications are made (Treasure Valley Group Ltd v Saputra Teddy and another
(Ultramarine Holdings Ltd, intervener [2006] 1 SLR(R) 358 at [23]).

70 However, this does not mean that the warrant of arrest must always be set
aside in cases of material non-disclosure. The court always retains an
overriding discretion whether or not to set aside a warrant of arrest (The
“Fierbinti” [1994] 3 SLR(R) 574 at [41]). In exercising this discretion, the
court often applies the principle of proportionality in assessing the sin of
omission against the impact of such default. This invariably requires a
measured assessment of the material facts as well as the circumstances in
which the application was made (The Vasiliy Golovnin at [84]).

71 All that I have said above at ([68]–[70]) is uncontroversial and summarises
well-entrenched principles in our admiralty jurisprudence.

72 Bearing these principles in mind, in no way can my decision in this case be
said to offer incentive for parties to make unmeritorious, imprudent or
trivial applications for a warrant of arrest. In the final analysis, the case
law referred to above shows that it is ultimately the court’s role to ensure
that abuse of its process is not condoned and ultimately, that power is
exercised within the ambit of the factual matrix of the case before it. Simply
because the very exercise of the court’s discretion is unfavourable to one of
the parties in a particular case does not, in my view, ipso facto undermine
the policy of preventing abuse of the draconian nature of a vessel arrest, nor
would it result in the alleged “lowering of standards in the invocation of the
in rem jurisdiction of the Courts” as contended by the defendant. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

DFA1 at para 19.

Conclusion

73 As I had allowed the plaintiff’s application in SUM 586 to amend the
Statement of Claim and I was satisfied that both the original and amended
pleaded causes of actions fell within the admiralty jurisdiction of the court,
I saw no bar to maintaining WA 39 on the basis of the amended claim. For all
of the above reasons, I exercised my discretion to uphold WA 39 and dismissed
that part of SUM 599 seeking an order to set aside the warrant of arrest.

S Mohan  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
|  
  
Liew Teck Huat and Ow Jiang Benjamin (Niru & Co LLC) for the plaintiff;

Tan Chai Ming Mark and Ahn Mi Mi (Focus Law Asia LLC) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 30 Dec 2021 (12:21 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

