Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC 115

Criminal Case No 23 of 2019

Between

|  Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
And

| Muhammad Alif bin Ab Rahim  
---|---  
  
grounds of decision

[Criminal Law] — [Offences] — [Rape]

[Criminal Law] — [Offences] — [Sexual assault by penetration]

[Criminal Procedure And Sentencing] — [Sentencing]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  
v

  

Muhammad Alif bin Ab Rahim

[2021] SGHC 115

General Division of the High Court — Criminal Case No 23 of 2019  
See Kee Oon J  
19 March 2021

12 May 2021

See Kee Oon J:

1 The accused pleaded guilty to three charges, comprising one charge of
aggravated rape and two charges of aggravated sexual assault by penetration
(“SAP”). Seven other charges were taken into consideration (“TIC”) for the
purpose of sentencing. Four of the seven TIC charges were also in relation to
sexual assault on the same victim. The remaining three charges relate to
property offences.

Facts

2 The accused admitted the Statement of Facts (“SOF”) without qualification. I
do not propose to recite the SOF in detail for present purposes but only to
set out a summary of the salient aspects.

3 The victim was only 13 years of age when the offences were committed by the
accused, who was an acquaintance known to her as “uncle” through one of her
friends, Mr H. Mr H’s mother, Ms Y, was then in a romantic relationship with
the accused. The offences forming the subject-matter of the seven charges
involving the victim all took place on the night of 24 October 2017 sometime
between 9.01 pm and 10.59 pm at Kallang Riverside Park (“the Park”).

4 The victim was a virgin prior to the offences. The accused raped her and
also sexually penetrated her anally, orally and digitally. The victim had
continuously struggled and cried, but was too weak and affected by the vodka
that the accused had forced her to drink. The accused had also used force to
subdue and restrain her in the course of the sexual assault, with the victim
suffering various injuries as a result.

5 The accused did not use a condom. After assaulting the victim, he ejaculated
on the victim’s body and some of his semen landed on the victim’s bare chest
and breasts. The accused threatened the victim not to tell anyone about what
had happened, and he then left the scene. The victim was in great pain but she
managed to send voice messages via WhatsApp to various persons pleading for
help and informing them that she had been raped. The accused returned to the
Park later when the victim was still lying on the ground. He again threatened
her not to tell anybody before leaving once more.

6 Mr H, together with three of the victim’s friends, managed to locate her at
the Park. The victim’s grandparents arrived soon after and called the police.
It was at this point when Mr H asked his mother (Ms Y) to go to the Park as
the victim had identified the accused as her attacker. The accused had run
into the search party briefly, but had subsequently returned to Ms Y’s flat.
Dressed in different clothes, he accompanied Ms Y to the Park, where they saw
the victim together with her friends and her grandparents. The victim’s
grandfather had called the police to report the incident. The victim again
identified the accused as her rapist before the police arrived. He denied
raping her and threatened the victim’s grandmother, stating that if anything
were to happen to him, he would find the victim’s family and harm her (ie. the
victim’s grandmother). He fled the scene when he saw two police officers
arriving.

7 The police arrived at Ms Y’s flat at about 5.00 am on 25 October 2017. They
found the accused hiding in a cupboard in a locked bedroom and placed him
under arrest. He attempted to mislead the police by claiming he was wearing
different clothes, so that the police would be unable to conduct CCTV
screenings and forensic testing of his clothes. When interviewed, the accused
lied that he was looking for Ms Y at the Park and had never met with the
victim that night. A year later, the accused changed his story, claiming that
the victim came onto him and requested for sex, and they only had consensual
penile-vaginal intercourse and that he had never employed force on her.

8 The victim was assessed to clearly have symptoms of trauma. She informed Dr
Parvathy Pathy of the Child Guidance Clinic that she had flashbacks of the
incident when she watched movies with rape scenes. She also stated that she
did not want to see the accused in court as it would “hurt” her too much. She
was unable to sleep well at night and had nightmares of the incident with the
accused and she would cry when she woke up from the nightmares. The victim was
fearful of going out alone and seeing male strangers and she could only go out
with her family members.

9 The accused was examined by Dr Tan Ming Yee Giles (“Dr Tan”) of the
Institute of Mental Health (“IMH”) on 14, 15 and 17 November 2017. In his
report dated 4 December 2017, Dr Tan stated that the accused’s intelligence
was in the borderline range, but he did not suffer from intellectual
disability as he had good adaptive functioning. He was not of unsound mind at
the time of the offences, and he was assessed to be fit to plead in court.

10 In his report, Dr Tan reproduced the accused’s account of the offences,
where the accused denied committing the offence and claimed that he never saw
the victim at all on the day of the offences until he went to the Park with Ms
Y.

My decision on sentence

11 I agreed with the Prosecution that there were serious offence and offender-
specific aggravating factors. As outlined in the Prosecution’s sentencing
submissions, the accused raped the victim twice, penetrated her anus with his
penis twice, digitally penetrated her vagina with his finger, penetrated her
mouth with his penis, and grabbed and licked her breasts.

Offence-specific factors

12 The victim was subjected to a harrowing two-hour ordeal of violent and
repeated sexual assault by the accused. The Prosecution rightly identified
numerous offence-specific aggravating factors.

13 First, the victim was only 13 when the offences were committed. This
consideration is however already reflected in the charges which are framed as
aggravated forms of sexual assault.

14 Second, serious harm was inflicted as significant violence was used in the
course of the sexual assaults. The accused violently forced the victim to
drink vodka by squeezing her cheeks to open her mouth and pouring the vodka
into her mouth. He covered her mouth to prevent her from shouting for help. He
slapped her face hard and gripped her wrists forcefully. He pressed her cheeks
open to perform oral sex on her.

15 The victim suffered various physical injuries as reflected in the medical
report by Dr Michelle Lim of Kandang Kerbau Women and Children’s Hospital
dated 25 October 2017. She had bilateral knee abrasions as well as areas of
redness and abrasions on her upper back. She had two lacerations on her right
elbow and a 1 cm bruise on the dorsal surface of her right wrist. Her vulva
was erythematous, with a 1 cm area of excoriation/abraded skin.

16 The victim also had clear symptoms of trauma and had to undergo regular
treatment to help her cope. She experienced flashbacks of the incident and had
nightmares. She was fearful of men and of going out alone. In her victim
impact statement prepared on 27 January 2021, less than two months before the
accused pleaded guilty, she spoke of feeling “dirty and ashamed” of herself
and being unable to sustain a relationship with her ex-boyfriend as it
triggered her memory of the rape.

17 Third, the Prosecution further suggested that the accused had deliberately
inflicted special trauma on the victim in committing repeated rape and
penetrations of her anus and mouth, and subjecting her to a full panoply of
penetrative activities. He used hair gel as a lubricant when raping her and
forced his lubricated penis into her mouth. He subjected her to further
degradation by ejaculating on her chest.

18 Fourth, the accused took advantage of the fact that the victim was
acquainted with him. She had trusted him enough to accompany him to a secluded
area in the Park, ostensibly to have a cola drink and chat. She was
unsuspecting of his intentions. The accused’s conduct thus demonstrated
significant opportunism. The Prosecution did not suggest that the offences
were premeditated.

19 Fifth, the accused took deliberate steps to conceal his offences. He also
threatened the victim not to report the incident. He changed his clothes
before returning to the scene with Ms Y, putting up a show of ignorance. He
threatened the victim’s grandmother after he was identified as the rapist and
then fled. Subsequently, he tried to conceal himself in Ms Y’s flat and when
discovered, he claimed he was wearing different clothes at the material time
to frustrate any forensic testing of his clothes.

20 Sixth, the accused penetrated the victim multiple times without using any
protection, thereby exposing her to the risk of sexually transmitted diseases
and pregnancy.

21 On account of the accumulated offence-specific aggravating factors, I
agreed with the Prosecution that the aggravated rape and SAP charges would
fall minimally within the higher end of Band 2 of the sentencing frameworks
laid down by the Court of Appeal in Ng Kean Meng Terence v Public Prosecutor
[2017] 2 SLR 449 (“Terence Ng”), Pram Nair v Public Prosecutor [2017] 2 SLR
1015 (“Pram Nair”) and BPH v Public Prosecutor and another appeal [2019] 2 SLR
764.

22 Band 2 of the Terence Ng framework specifies that for rape cases which
contain two or more offence-specific aggravating factors, the sentencing range
from which an indicative starting point can be derived ought to fall between
13 to 17 years’ imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane. Band 2 of the Pram
Nair framework specifies that for SAP cases which contain two or more offence-
specific aggravating factors, the sentencing range from which an indicative
starting point can be derived ought to fall between 10 to 15 years’
imprisonment and eight strokes of the cane.

23 In my view, the Prosecution justifiably identified the appropriate
indicative starting point sentences as 17 years’ imprisonment and 18 strokes
of the cane in respect of the aggravated rape charge, and 15 years’
imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane in respect of the two aggravated SAP
charges.

24 Having identified the relevant sentencing bands and the indicative starting
point sentences in accordance with the first step of the two-step frameworks
in Terence Ng and Pram Nair, I turned next to consider the second step of the
frameworks. This involved consideration of the offender-specific factors, ie,
the aggravating and mitigating factors which are personal to the offender.

Offender-specific factors

25 The accused was previously convicted for a string of property offences
dating back to 2001 when he was 15 years’ old. Upon his last release from
prison in September 2016, he reoffended within six months. Notably, when he
was last imprisoned for various offences in August 2014, he had been convicted
of a similar offence of SAP alongside an offence of snatch theft, with one
charge of aggravated outrage of modesty taken into consideration. He was
sentenced to a global imprisonment term of 42 months and three strokes of the
cane. Evidently, he was not deterred by his previous punishments.

26 The Prosecution highlighted the similar facts of his previous SAP offence.
He had brought an 18-year-old victim to a Housing and Development Board
(“HDB”) estate and after consuming alcohol, he forcefully pushed her against a
wall and stripped off her shirt and bra. The victim struggled but he inserted
his finger into her vagina multiple times. She eventually managed to break
free and ran away topless to seek help. There was therefore a clear escalation
in the accused’s offending conduct barely a year after he was released in
September 2016.

27 The Prosecution also pointed to the four similar TIC charges before the
court. In total, seven charges in all were involved relating to the same
victim, illustrating the full gravity of the offences perpetrated on her.

28 Next, the Prosecution submitted that the accused was patently unremorseful.
He denied committing the offences when confronted. He later suggested that the
victim had come on to him for consensual sexual activity. He did not cooperate
in the investigations and had in fact deliberately sought to frustrate the
investigations in various ways. He threatened the victim twice not to tell
anyone about the incident and also threatened her grandmother with harm if he
were to be apprehended by the police. In addition, he committed the offences
while on the run for the three other property offences which comprise the
remaining TIC charges.

29 I found no discernible indication of any remorse. The accused eventually
decided to plead guilty only on the first day of trial. He elected to claim
trial even though he was essentially caught red-handed, with his DNA and semen
detected, and CCTV evidence disproving his accounts of where he claimed to
have been. As the trial was primed to proceed, the victim would already have
had to prepare to relive her ordeal and recall the details of the trauma that
she had undergone at the hands of the accused in October 2017.

Defence submissions

30 The Defence did not dispute that the present case fell within Band 2 of the
Terence Ng and Pram Nair frameworks. It was however suggested that the lower
end of Band 2 was applicable. The accused contended that the victim had
recovered and may not be experiencing continuing trauma, premised on a reading
of selected phrases of reported speech apparently framed in the past tense in
the victim impact statement. I found this reading to be strained and
unrealistic. I did not agree that on this basis alone it could be fairly said
that significant harm and lasting trauma was not caused.

31 It was further suggested that the accused had not threatened the victim or
her family, and that any such fear was self-induced. This was clarified during
the hearing to mean that the accused did not threaten them (and indeed could
not have threatened them) after he was arrested and remanded. I did not see
how this carried any mitigating force given that he had admitted in the SOF
that he had threatened them both before his arrest.

32 Further, it was submitted that there was no excessive force calculated to
cause serious harm in committing the offences, or any deliberate infliction of
special trauma. I did not agree. The SOF spoke for itself in documenting the
victim’s extensive physical and psychological injuries. I had no doubt that
she had suffered significant trauma as a consequence, and this had also been
documented in the appended medical reports.

33 Next, the accused denied abusing the victim’s trust and having acted with
premeditation. Once again, the SOF spoke for itself. The accused was not a
complete stranger to the victim, who knew him as “uncle”. I was also not
persuaded by the assertion that not using a condom for protection would have
meant that the accused had simply acted on a moment of impulse and had not
deliberately sought to target the victim. This was hardly an irresistible
inference that one would readily draw from the facts. Nevertheless, the
Prosecution had clarified that it was not suggesting that the offences were
premeditated.

34 I turn next to address the defence submissions in respect of the offender-
specific factors. While the accused was assessed to have borderline
intelligence and antisocial personality disorder, this could not be said to
have impaired his ability to function as an ordinary member of the community
and to observe societal norms. He was found to have good adaptive functioning,
and was able to remain within the school system until he left school at
secondary two and to secure employment and start a family.

35 More importantly, the accused was clearly able to understand the nature and
consequences of his conduct. I did not see how he had demonstrated major
difficulty in making appropriate choices or comprehending the consequences of
his conduct. He clearly had ample consciousness and presence of mind to deny
the commission of the offences and change into a different set of clothes to
evade detection. Furthermore, he threatened the victim and her grandmother in
an attempt to intimidate them into not implicating him. Thereafter, he had no
qualms fabricating different explanations for his alleged involvement,
including falsely claiming that the victim had led him on to engage in
consensual sexual activity.

36 The Defence also highlighted that the accused was assaulted in prison by
other inmates in 2017 and again in 2020. It was not clear how these assaults
had any direct connection to the present case. In any event, even if they did,
this would not be a relevant mitigating factor to justify reducing his
sentence.

Calibration of the sentence

37 The Prosecution fairly conceded that the accused should still be given some
credit for his plea of guilt which would at least spare the victim from having
to recount her ordeal at his trial. In this connection, the Prosecution
proposed a discount of two years off the indicative starting point mentioned
at [23] above for each of the charges. I agreed that this was fair and
appropriate on the facts.

38 Apart from the accused’s late plea of guilt, there were no other mitigating
factors. The proposed imprisonment sentences were also consistent with the
sentencing precedents cited. There was a compelling need for a deterrent
sentence and also for the sentence to adequately reflect retributive
principles. A substantial sentence was manifestly necessary for the protection
of the public given that the accused had reoffended very soon after his last
SAP offence. To aggravate matters, there was a serious escalation in his
offending conduct, which would warrant a measure of specific deterrence.

Conclusion

39 Having taken into account the relevant sentencing considerations, including
assessing the sentence in terms of totality and proportionality, the
appropriate sentence in my view would be 15 years’ imprisonment and 16 strokes
of the cane. In respect of the two aggravated SAP charges, the appropriate
sentence would be 13 years’ imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane.

40 Pursuant to s 307(1) of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed),
I ordered the sentences in the first and fourth charges to run consecutively,
resulting in an aggregate sentence of 28 years’ imprisonment and 28 strokes of
the cane. Caning was limited to the maximum permitted of 24 strokes. I further
ordered that the sentence of imprisonment be backdated to the date of arrest
on 25 October 2017.

See Kee Oon  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
David Khoo, Gregory Gan, Chong Kee En (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the
Prosecution;

Gloria James-Civetta (Gloria James-Civetta & Co) for the accused

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 12 May 2021 (20:42 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

