Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC 51

Criminal Case No 59 of 2019

Between

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| Sumardi Bin Sjahril Habibie  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

grounds of decision

[Criminal Law] — [Statutory offences] — [Misuse of Drugs Act]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  
v

  

Sumardi bin Sjahril Habibie

[2021] SGHC 51

General Division of the High Court — Criminal Case No 59 of 2019  
Chua Lee Ming J  
13–14 October 2020, 29 January 2021

1 March 2021

Chua Lee Ming J:

Introduction

1 The accused, Mr Sumardi Bin Sjahril Habibie, presently 46 years of age, was
charged with having in his possession not less than 32.51g of diamorphine (a
Class ‘A’ controlled drug) for the purpose of trafficking, an offence under s
5(1)(a) read with s 5(2) of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed)
(“MDA”), punishable under s 33(1) of the MDA.

2 The accused claimed trial but elected to remain silent when his defence was
called and did not call other evidence in his own defence.

3 I convicted the accused. However, I found that the accused’s involvement in
the offence was restricted to transporting, sending or delivering the drugs
within the meaning of s 33B(2)(a)(i) of the MDA. As the Prosecution had issued
a certificate of substantive assistance, I exercised my discretion under s
33B(1)(a) of the MDA and sentenced the accused to life imprisonment and the
mandatory minimum of 15 strokes of the cane, instead of imposing the death
penalty. I ordered that the sentence of imprisonment commence from the date of
remand, ie, 13 June 2018.

4 The accused has appealed against his sentence despite it being the minimum
possible in this case.

Facts

5 The following facts were not disputed.

6 On 13 June 2018, at about 9.00pm, the accused went to the vicinity of Gul
Crescent, on instructions from a Malaysian Indian known to him as “Boss” and
collected five bundles from a male Indian. The accused placed the five bundles
in his “Yamaha” helmet bag. He then proceeded to Block 2, Beach Road, as
instructed by Boss, to deliver three of the bundles to a Malay man wearing a
green shirt. The accused was to wait for Boss’ instructions regarding the
delivery of the remaining two bundles.

7 At about 9.50pm, Central Narcotics Bureau (“CNB”) officers arrested the
accused at the open space carpark at Block 2, Beach Road, before the accused
made any delivery. The accused was escorted to the carpark at Block 3, Beach
Road, in a CNB vehicle. The accused was carrying the “Yamaha” helmet bag
containing the five bundles. When asked by Station Inspector Tay Kent Chye if
he had anything to surrender, the accused replied “5 batu inside Yamaha helmet
bag”. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Bundle of Statements (“BOS”), Exhibit P91.

8 The CNB officers searched, among other things, the accused’s “Yamaha” helmet
bag and recovered the five bundles (exhibits “A1A1”, “A1B1”, “A1C1”, “A1D1”
and “A1E1”; collectively, “the Drugs”) from the bag. The Drugs were sent to
the Health Sciences Authority (“HSA”) for analysis. The HSA certified that: 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Agreed Bundle at pp 123–127.

(a) A1A1 contained not less than 5.45g of diamorphine;

(b) A1B1 contained not less than 7.92g of diamorphine;

(c) A1C1 contained not less than 6.33g of diamorphine;

(d) A1D1 contained not less than 6.09g of diamorphine; and

(e) A1E1 contained not less than 6.72g of diamorphine.

9 In total, the Drugs were found to contain not less than 32.51g of
diamorphine, a Class ‘A’ controlled drug listed in the First Schedule to the
MDA.

10 In his statements to CNB officers (which were admitted into evidence at the
trial without challenge), 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

BOS, Exhibits P91, P93 (translation at P95), P96–P98 and P176.

the accused admitted that (a) he collected the Drugs on the day in question,
(b) he knew that the Drugs contained “heroin” (the street name of
diamorphine), and (c) the Drugs were meant to be delivered to other persons on
Boss’ instructions. The accused was not authorised under the MDA or the
regulations made thereunder to possess a controlled drug for the purpose of
trafficking.

Conviction

11 The Prosecution’s case was that the accused:

(a) knew he was in possession of the Drugs;

(b) knew that the Drugs contained heroin; and

(c) was unable to rebut, on a balance of probabilities, the presumption under
s 17(c) of the MDA that he possessed the Drugs for the purpose of trafficking.

12 Based on the evidence that was adduced, I found that the Prosecution had
proved its case against the accused beyond a reasonable doubt and I convicted
the accused of the offence as charged.

Sentence

13 The offence in this case was, upon conviction, punishable with death under
s 33(1) read with the Second Schedule to the MDA. However, under s 33B(1)(a)
of the MDA, the court had the discretion not to impose the death penalty and
instead to sentence the accused to imprisonment for life and not less than 15
strokes of the cane, if the requirements of s 33B(2) of the MDA were
satisfied.

14 In the present case, I agreed with both the Prosecution and the accused
that the accused’s involvement in the offence on which he was convicted, was
restricted to “transporting, sending or delivering” the Drugs within the
meaning of s 33B(2)(a)(i) of the MDA. As the Public Prosecutor had issued a
certificate of substantive assistance under s 33B(2)(b) of the MDA, both the
requirements of s 33B(2) of the MDA were satisfied. I saw no reason not to
exercise my discretion under s 33B(1)(a) of the MDA and I therefore sentenced
the accused to imprisonment for life and the mandatory minimum of 15 strokes
of the cane.

15 I further ordered that the sentence of imprisonment be backdated to the
date of remand on 13 June 2018.

Chua Lee Ming  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Terence Chua, Lim Shin Hui and Lim Woon Yee (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for
the Prosecution;

Ramesh Chandr Tiwary (Ramesh Tiwary), Ranadhir Gupta (A Zamzam & Co) and Si
Hoe Tat Chorng (Acacia Legal LLC) for the accused.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 03 Mar 2021 (09:14 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

