Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC 210

Suit No 424 of 2021  
(Summons No 3001 of 2021)

Between

(1)| Macs Associates Pte Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| H. Wee & Co LLP  
(3)| H. Wee Management Consultants Pte Ltd  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

(1)| Siew Kang Yoke (trading as Sky Management Associates)  
---|---  
(2)| Lee Soon Weng  
  
… Defendants

judgment

[Civil Procedure] — [Anton Piller order]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Macs Associates Pte Ltd and others

  
v

  

Siew Kang Yoke (trading as Sky Management Associates) and another

[2021] SGHC 210

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 424 of 2021 (Summons No 3001 of
2021)  
Choo Han Teck J  
20 August 2021

13 September 2021 Judgment reserved.

Choo Han Teck J

1 On 11 May 2021, the plaintiffs obtained an Anton Piller order (“APO”) to
enter and search the first plaintiff’s former employees’ residences, office
and car to seize certain documents. The plaintiffs claim proprietary ownership
of those documents. The documents were stored electronically or as hardcopies.
The APO was executed on 18 May 2021; the defendants now seek to set aside the
APO, and apply to have the plaintiffs return the items seized and destroy all
duplicates made during the execution of the APO.

2 The first plaintiff provides tax consultancy services, the second plaintiff
auditing services, and the third plaintiff corporate secretarial services. The
plaintiffs are all owned by one Wee Hian Peng. The first defendant had been an
employee of the first plaintiff since 1983, and last held the position of Tax
Manager of the first plaintiff until 31 December 2020. The second defendant
was also employed by the first plaintiff as a tax manger until 29 December
2020. The defendants had been providing tax advisory and consultancy services
when they were employees of the first plaintiff. On 1 February 2021, the first
and second defendants set up a sole proprietorship named SKY Management
Associates (“SMA”), which the plaintiffs claim to be a competing business.

3 The plaintiffs’ claims are that the first and second defendants took and
misused confidential information, such as e-mails between the defendants and
the plaintiffs’ clients which were stored in the defendants’ office e-mail
accounts (which the first plaintiff claims to own), to advance the interests
of SMA. The defendants have thus breached confidence in equity and in
contract, breached the duty of fidelity under the employment agreements,
converted the plaintiffs’ proprietary documents, and that the defendants have
conspired amongst themselves by unlawful or lawful means to destroy the
businesses of the plaintiffs. The defendants allegedly misused the
confidential information to persuade the plaintiffs’ clients to switch to SMA,
or to provide services to the clients without incurring extra time and expense
to source for the same confidential information from the clients or other
sources.

4 The plaintiffs were granted the APO on 11 May 2021. The APO permits
authorised persons, such as the plaintiff’s solicitors and the supervising
solicitors from Oei & Oei LLC, to enter the premises to search for and make
copies of listed documents in Schedule 2 of the APO. Schedule 2 to the APO is
as follows:

1\. All documents, files and correspondence (including electronic mail),
whether in paper form or in electronic data form stored in any devices or
cloud-based storage systems/platforms;

(a) concerning, relating to, belonging to or originating from the 1st
Plaintiff, the 2nd Plaintiff and/or the 3rd Plaintiff;

(b) belonging to, originating from or communicated to each of the 1st and 2nd
Defendants, which involve, concern or relate to the 1st Plaintiff’s, the 2nd
Plaintiff’s and/or the 3rd Plaintiff’s clients which are identified in the
Excel spreadsheet exhibited at page 151, and referred to at paragraphs 50 and
54, of the Plaintiff’s affidavit of Lim Seow Hwa filed on 10 May 2021.

2\. All articles containing the information described in paragraph 1 of this
Schedule which include but are not limited to the following:

(a) The hard disks of personal computers (including but not limited to laptops
and/or tablets) and mobile phones of the Defendants and/or personal computers
(including but not limited to laptops and/or tables) which are used and/or
have been used by the Defendants and Sky Management Associates;

(b) Electronic storage devices of the Defendants and Sky Management Associates
or any of Sky Management Associates' staff and/or electronic storage devices
(including but not limited to thumb dives and memory cards) which are used
and/or have been used by the Defendants and Sky Management Associates or any
of Sky Management Associates' staff;

(c) Internet-based data storage platforms (cloud) of the Defendants and Sky
Management Associates or any of Sky Management Associates' staff and/or
internet-based data storage platforms (cloud) which are and/or have been used
by the Defendants and Sky Management Associates or any of Sky Management
Associates' staff;

(d) Electronic and/or computer stored data of all email accounts used and/or
have been used and/or accessible by the Defendants and Sky Management
Associates or any of Sky Management Associates' staff.

(e) Hard copy documents and correspondence.

5 Undertakings were given by the plaintiffs’ solicitors, including an
undertaking to return the originals of all documents obtained as a result of
the APO as soon as possible, and in any event within two working days of their
removal. During the search, hard copies of documents, the plaintiffs’
electronic devices such as phones and storage devices were seized.

6 The defendants now want to set aside the APO on the basis that there were
procedural breaches of the APO, which resulted in grave injustice to the
defendants. In addition, they say that the threshold requirements of APO were
not satisfied. There is no strong prima facie case to justify the order, and
there would there be serious damage suffered if APO was not granted. There is
no likelihood that the defendants would destroy the documents. In any event,
the APO was out of proportion to the legitimate object of the order. The
defendants’ counsel also submits that the APO was obtained by material non-
disclosure.

7 On the issue of procedural breaches by the plaintiffs in executing the APO,
the defendants claim that the plaintiffs indiscriminately seized documents
that fell outside the scope of the prescribed APO. There was no proper and
complete contemporaneous inventory of items seized to the defendants, which is
a breach of Clause 2(f) of the APO. Further, the plaintiffs and supervising
solicitors commenced the search at the first defendant’s residence in the
first defendant’s absence, despite Clause 2(g) of the APO stating otherwise.
The defendants also complained that the supervising solicitors continued to
retain the hard copy original documents seized to date, despite the
requirement for such documents to be returned as soon as possible, or within
two days. The plaintiffs and the supervising solicitors have also refused to
deliver documents with disputed ownership to the defendants’ solicitors for
safekeeping, which contravenes Schedule 4(3) of the APO. Other complaints
include the late proposal of search terms by the plaintiffs, the misplacement
of a hardcopy original document seized from the second’s defendant’s
residence, the failure of the plaintiffs’ solicitors to present the
supervising solicitors’ report to the court and the defendant “as soon as it
is received”.

8 The defendants claim that the plaintiffs seized documents such as bills and
old letters issued by SMA to its clients, and other client information which
belong to SMA’s clients. These documents fall outside of the ambit of the APO
which should be restricted to documents concerning, belonging to or
originating from the plaintiffs or the plaintiffs’ clients. For instance,
there were files belonging to SMA’s clients not listed in the plaintiffs’
table, or files belonging to the former client of the plaintiffs, such as one
Uner Investments Pte Ltd. There were also documents that were dated after the
defendants’ cessation of employment with the first plaintiff. Further,
personal photographs, personal financial, and family information were also
seized, none of which are relevant to the suit.

9 The plaintiffs’ response is that there was no indiscriminate seizure of
documents. The defendant’s solicitor was present when the APO was executed,
and did not raise any objection. There was no breach of Clause 2(f) of the
APO, as there was an inventory list compiled by the supervising solicitors,
signed by the respective defendants at the respective locations where the
search was executed. The plaintiffs also deny that they wrongfully retained
items past the stipulated timeline. Instead, there was a variation of the
terms of the APO, as negotiated by the defendants’ and the plaintiffs’
solicitors, that the seized hard copy documents would be delivered to the
supervising solicitors to be imaged, and the electronic devices will be
brought back to the premises of the forensic experts, FTI, to be imaged. It
was also agreed that there would be no search of the imaged devices until
parties have agreed to the search terms. As these documents are in the
supervising solicitors’ possession, the previous undertaking by the
plaintiff’s solicitors cannot be performed. The supervising solicitors took
the position that any dispute between the plaintiffs and defendants should be
dealt with by agreement between the parties, or by the court’s discretion if
parties fail to agree. As for the electronic devices, they have all been
returned to the defendants on 19 May 2021.

10 I find that these are at best technical breaches of the APO that have not
caused substantial prejudice to the defendants to warrant it being set aside.
Irrelevant material seized can always be returned without setting aside the
order itself. The plaintiffs have shown an inventory for the seized items. The
retention of items past the two-day limit in the Plaintiffs’ solicitors
undertakings arose from a variation of the terms of the APO by the solicitors,
although the solicitors should have varied the undertakings by applying to
court, instead of leaving it as an agreement between parties, since the
undertakings under the APO are owed to the court and should be varied only
with the leave of the court. As for the misplaced letter seized from the
second defendant’s residence, the supervising solicitors explained that
photographs had been taken of them for record. Even if it had been a lapse of
care, given the number of documents taken, the inadvertent misplacement of a
single document does not amount to an egregious breach. In any event, since a
photograph was taken of the same document, the defendants did not suffer any
real prejudice. Hence, there were no breaches of the APO of sufficient gravity
that warrant setting it aside.

11 As for the threshold requirements of obtaining a search order, the
plaintiff must satisfy four conditions: first, the plaintiff must have an
extremely strong prima facie case; second, the damage suffered by the
plaintiff would have been very serious; third, there was a real possibility
that the defendants would destroy relevant documents; fourth, the effect of
the search order must not be out of proportion to the legitimate object of the
order (Asian Corporate Services (SEA) Pte Ltd v Eastwest Management Ltd
(Singapore Branch) [2006] 1 SLR(R) 901 (“Asian Corporate”) at [14]).

12 To set aside the order, the defendants need to show that there were
breaches in the execution of the APO that had caused prejudice to them:
Expanded Metal Manufacturing Pte Ltd v Expanded Metal Co Ltd [1995] 1 SLR(R)
57 at [19]. Alternatively, the defendants must show that the plaintiffs did
not meet any of the conditions needed to obtain a search order, or that the
plaintiff did not make full and frank disclosure in the ex parte application
(Bengawan Solo Pte Ltd v Season Confectionery Co (Pte) Ltd [1994] 1 SLR(R) 448
at [12]).

13 In this case, the plaintiffs had pleaded various causes of actions against
the defendants. But the underlying factual basis is that the defendants have
taken confidential information belonging to the plaintiffs to advance their
own business interests in setting up SMA, which the defendants claim to be a
competing business set up by the defendants after they left the first
plaintiff’s employment at the end of December 2020.

14 To establish a breach of confidentiality in equity, the plaintiffs will
need to show that the information has the necessary quality of confidence, and
that the information was given to the defendants in circumstances importing an
obligation of confidence. If these two requirements are fulfilled, the burden
of proof shifts to the defendants, and they have to prove that their
conscience was unaffected: I-Admin (Singapore) Pte Ltd v Hong Ying Ting and
others [2020] 1 SLR 1130 (“I-Admin”) at [61]. The defendants must produce
evidence to show that that there was no misuse or abuse of the confidential
information (Angliss Singapore Pte Ltd v Yee Heng Khay (alias Roger) [2021]
SGHC 168 at [50]).

15 The plaintiffs’ counsel submits that there is a strong prima facie case
that the defendants have breached their obligations of confidence in contract
and in equity, have converted the confidential information belonging to the
defendants, and have breached the duty of fidelity. The confidential
information in question includes the e-mails and attachments between the
defendants and the plaintiffs’ clients or third parties stored in the
plaintiffs’ Hotmail accounts and EBCA accounts, as well as hardcopy documents
relating to the tax, auditing and other business operations of the plaintiffs.
The Hotmail and EBCA accounts were created by the first plaintiff’s staff, and
they belong to the first plaintiff, as they were used by the defendants to
communicate with the first plaintiff’s clients. The defendants unlawfully took
the plaintiffs’ confidential information so as to give SMA a competitive
advantage to offer clients a seamless transition of services from the first
plaintiff to SMA, without which the defendants would have needed to collate
information from the clients from scratch.

16 Referring to code of conduct for tax professionals and accountants, the
plaintiffs’ counsel argues that there is a relationship of confidence between
the plaintiffs and their clients, and thus the work-related documents are
confidential in nature. Alternatively, he submits that the defendants also owe
a contractual duty of confidence to the first plaintiff, under the
confidentiality clauses in the defendants’ employment contracts with the
plaintiffs. The clauses imposed express obligations of confidentiality on the
defendants, that “[a]ny trade secrets or other confidential information which
belong or relate to the [first plaintiff] and that of clients must not be
discussed with or divulged to any outside parties at all times. …” These
clauses explicitly include information of the clients, and it is therefore no
defence for the defendants to claim that the duty of confidentiality is only
owed to the clients and not the first plaintiff.

17 The plaintiffs claim that they had lost 73 clients who were persuaded to
switch over to SMA, or to other auditing service providers, because of the
defendants’ conduct. The confidential information gave SMA a significant
competitive advantage as the clients may have otherwise hesitated to switch
over to SMA. Hence, there is a causal link between the alleged breaches of
confidentiality and loss suffered by the plaintiffs. In any event, the
possession of these documents without the consent or authorisation of the
first plaintiff would constitute conversion.

18 In respect of the claim for a breach of fidelity, the plaintiffs claim that
the defendants had approached the first plaintiff’s clients, such as one Yukon
Success, to persuade them to use the first defendant’s services after she set
up SMA.

19 The defendants’ counsel submits that the first requirement of obtaining an
APO was not met. With respect to the claim of breach of confidence, the
defendants say that the information in question is not confidential vis-à-vis
the first plaintiff. There is no confidentiality owed to the plaintiffs
because the documents belong to the clients, and not the first plaintiff.
Further, these clients are at best the first plaintiff’s former clients, and
have given the defendants permission to retain their documents so as to
provide tax consultancy services to them. Even if the first two requirements
set out in I-Admin were satisfied, the defendants’ conscience remains
unaffected, as it was the respective clients who independently approached SMA
to act as their tax agents. The clients would have provided the same
information to the defendants.

20 With respect to the conversion claim, the defendants claim to be the
respective owners of the Hotmail Accounts, as the defendants set up the
Hotmail accounts on their own to communicate with the clients. As for the EBCA
accounts, the defendants aver that they have made these accounts available to
the first plaintiff’s staff after their resignation. The defendants also
contend that there must be a positive wrongful act of dealing with goods in a
manner that is inconsistent with the owner’s right, as well as an intention to
deny the owner’s rights, so as to prove a claim of conversion. This has not
been satisfied because the mere possession of the documents in question alone
is insufficient to show a “positive wrongful act”. Furthermore, the hard
copies of these documents are still in the first plaintiff’s office.

21 The defendants claim that, in any event, there is no causal link between
the alleged losses suffered (namely, the loss of clients) and the defendants’
acts. The clients had terminated the first plaintiff’s services on their own
volition, not because they were solicited by the defendants. Besides, there is
no non-competition or non-solicitation clause in the employment agreements.
The first plaintiff’s clients preferred to work with the first defendant
because of their long-standing working relationship. Following these clients’
requests for the defendants to be their tax agents, the first defendant then
then set up SMA and engaged the second defendant as a freelance service
provider.

22 As for the conversion claim, the defendants deny having committed any
wrongful act to deprive the plaintiffs their rights to their proprietary
documents because retaining the documents and Hotmail Accounts (which belong
to the defendants) do not constitute a positive wrongful act.

23 I find that there is a strong prima facie case that these documents were
clothed with the necessary quality of confidence, and were imparted in
circumstances importing an obligation of confidence. These documents include
correspondence and attachments from clients sent to the defendants during
their employment with the first plaintiff, so as to facilitate the provision
of tax services by the first plaintiff. It is no defence for the defendants to
claim that these documents are not confidential because they belong to the
clients. This is also the position in contract. Clauses 11 and 12 of the first
and second defendants’ employment agreements state that the defendants “shall
treat the [first plaintiff]’s and client’s affairs in the strictest
confidence”. Hence it is clear that for the breach of confidence claim in
contract, the clients’ documents are confidential. For the same reason, there
is a strong prima facie case for the claim of conversion that the confidential
information is the property of the first plaintiff, and the defendants’
deletion of such information would constitute a “positive wrongful act”.

24 As for the breach of fidelity claim, the affidavit evidence does not
support a strong prima facie case that the defendants had solicited the
clients of the plaintiffs. For instance, in the case of Yukon Success, the
e-mail from the one Jimmy, a business contact of the first defendant, points
to the contrary. In the e-mail in November 2020, which is the only e-mail
dated before the first defendant left the first plaintiff, Jimmy informed the
representative of Yukon Success that the first defendant was setting up her
own company, and if Yukon Success wishes to change their tax agent, they can
use her. This in itself is not evidence any persuasion on the part of the
first defendant. I therefore find that there is no strong prima facie case on
the breach of fidelity.

25 However, the plaintiffs have not been able to establish a strong prima
facie case that there is a causal link between the alleged wrongful acts and
the loss suffered by the plaintiff. The plaintiffs’ case is not that there was
a breach of a non-solicitation and non-competition clause. In fact, the
plaintiffs have clarified in the amended Statement of Claim that their case is
that the defendants misused the confidential information to provide a seamless
transition for plaintiffs’ former clients who switched over to using the first
defendant’s services, causing the plaintiffs to lose their clients. But it was
the clients’ choice, regardless of the defendants’ breach, to terminate their
engagements with the first plaintiff and to engage SMA. This is evidenced by
letters from the clients, such as one MJ Medical Services Pte Ltd,
C-Transformation Pte Ltd, and at least nine other clients, confirming that
they voluntarily chose the first defendant as their tax agent in place of the
first plaintiff. I am not satisfied that there is a strong prima facie case of
a causal link between the loss and the alleged misuse or conversion of
confidential information.

26 On the second requirement to be granted a search order, the plaintiffs
submit that the defendants have a propensity to destroy evidence. The first
defendant deleted most of the e-mails in his company Hotmail and EBCA
Accounts. The first defendant has deleted e-mails dated earlier than December
2020. The forensic evidence shows that the defendants deleted a large amount
of e-mails in the latter half of 2020. The plaintiffs claim that it is not
feasible for every document and attachment to the e-mails to be kept as hard
copies. Only some of the e-mails and attachments were kept in the ring files.

27 The defendants’ response is that there is no grave danger that the
defendants will destroy evidence. It is the defendants’ standard practice to
clear their mailbox regularly to declutter. They would delete work-related
e-mails which they had printed and filed in their physical client folders
located in the first plaintiff’s office. The first plaintiff has full and
unfettered access to the hardcopy files. Hence, the plaintiffs have no basis
to assert that the defendants’ deletion of the e-mails had prevented the
plaintiffs from serving their clients effectively. In any event, the deletion
of e-mails did not cause the plaintiffs any loss since there were hard copies
available.

28 There must be solid evidence of a real risk that the defendants would
destroy or remove documents if not for the search order: Asian Corporate at
[25], citing Petromar Energy Resources Pte Ltd v Glencore International AG
[1999] 1 SLR(R) 1152. At the time the APO was granted, such a real risk was
present based on the massive deletion of files as shown in the computer
expert’s forensic evidence. The forensic expert’s report shows a drastic
increase in the deletion of e-mails by both defendants in July 2020.

29 The defendants’ claim that they were merely de-cluttering their inboxes is
hard to believe, especially in light of the sharp increase of deleted e-mails
in July 2020. 648 e-mails were deleted by the first defendant in July, in
contrast to the one e-mail he deleted in April 2020.

30 However, after the execution of the APO, it transpired that a large number
of e-mails deleted by the defendants were retained in hard copy in the first
plaintiff’s office. Although it could be said that the plaintiffs could not
have known what was deleted until after the APO was executed, what is before
me does not reveal any grave danger that the defendants would destroy evidence
for the purpose of the trial. There is no reason why the plaintiffs cannot
resort to the ordinary process of discovery and e-discovery to obtain evidence
of whether the defendants have unlawfully taken confidential information.
There is also no evidence that suggests that the defendants will destroy the
hard copy documents. Even if there were, the less intrusive order would have
been an order enjoining the defendants from destroying the documents. Now that
the documents have already been disclosed, the defence would be adversely
affected should they now destroy or lose the documents.

31 Another basis on which the defendants seek to set aside the APO is that the
APO is out of proportion to the legitimate object of the order. Schedule 2 of
the APO allows the plaintiffs to seize documents in respect of the second and
third plaintiffs, with whom the defendants have no contractual relationship.
The defendants’ counsel submits that there is also no limit on the temporal
scope of the documents, which allowed the plaintiffs to seize documents that
were originated after the defendants’ cessation of employment with the first
plaintiff. Additionally, the scope of the APO included six clients of SMA who
have ceased to be the plaintiff’s clients. To this, the plaintiffs’ counsel
submit that the order is not disproportionate, given that many documents of
the plaintiffs’ have been discovered at the defendants’ residences or office,
and without the APO, the plaintiffs would have been groping in the dark not
knowing the extent to which the confidential information was taken.

32 However, I find that to the extent that the search order had no temporal
scope and therefore included clients’ documents that originated after the
defendants’ cessation of employment, the scope of the APO was too wide. The
financial documents of clients the defendants serviced after the first
defendant have no bearing on the pleaded issues. In any event, a search order
is not meant to allow the plaintiffs to conduct a comprehensive discovery.

33 The defendants also claim that the plaintiffs obtained the APO through
material non-disclosure. In particular, the plaintiffs failed to disclose that
the plaintiffs set up the Hotmail accounts themselves and were therefore the
owners of these accounts. The plaintiffs represented to the court that the
defendants deleted the correspondence and documents without mentioning that
the defendants had maintained hardcopy files of the deleted correspondence and
documents, which are still in the first plaintiff’s office. The plaintiffs
also did not disclose the context in which the clients terminated their
services with the first plaintiff – it was not a case that the clients were
solicited by the defendants, but that they were dissatisfied with the
plaintiffs’ services.

34 I do not agree with the defendants’ counsel that there had been material
non-disclosure at the time the APO was obtained. The question of ownership of
the Hotmail accounts remains disputed, as there is conflicting affidavit
evidence on who created the Hotmail Accounts in question. It is also not
within the plaintiffs’ knowledge as to why the clients approached the
defendants. Before the APO was executed, the plaintiffs also would not have
known what the defendants had deleted, or that the deleted e-mails were
printed and stored as hardcopies in the first plaintiff’s office.

35 But for reasons set out above in [25] and [32], the APO should be set
aside. An APO is draconian and oppressive. The plaintiffs must show a strong
prima facie case, and the propensity of the defendants to destroy evidence, so
as to warrant an APO. The APO is also not a means for the plaintiffs to search
for evidence. If the plaintiffs require certain documents in the defendants’
possession, they can rely on the ordinary procedure of discovery without an
APO. Based on the affidavit evidence, I am not satisfied that the plaintiffs
have a strong prima facie case and I therefore set aside the APO.

36 Costs will be reserved to the trial judge.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge of the High Court

Tan Teng Muan, Chua Boon Beng and Loh Li Qin (Mallal & Namazie) for the
plaintiffs;  
Deborah Barker SC, Amarjit Kaur and Jayna Tan Yi Hui (Withers KhattarWong LLP)
for the defendants.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 13 Sep 2021 (12:49 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

