Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC 159

Suit No 88 of 2020

Between

| Atlantic Navigation Holdings (Singapore) Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Chang Yee Meng Malcolm  
---|---  
(2)| ASEAN Offshore Ltd  
  
… Defendants

judgment

[Credit And Security] — [Guarantees and indemnities] — [Co-guarantors] —
[Right to contribution]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Atlantic Navigation Holdings (Singapore) Ltd

  
v

  

Chang Yee Meng Malcolm and another

  

[2021] SGHC 159

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 88 of 2020  
Kwek Mean Luck JC  
24–26 March 2021, 10 June 2021

29 June 2021 Judgment reserved.

Kwek Mean Luck JC:

Introduction

1 The plaintiff, Atlantic Navigation Holdings (Singapore) Ltd, claims against
its co-guarantors, Chang Yee Meng Malcolm (the “first defendant”), and ASEAN
Offshore Ltd (the “second defendant”), for contribution of the sums that the
plaintiff had paid Malayan Banking Bhd (the “Bank”) pursuant to a loan
facility agreement issued by the Bank to Atlantic Venture Inc (“AVI”). The
defendants resist the contribution, mainly on the ground that the plaintiff
and its subsidiaries should be treated as one entity and the plaintiff had
oppressed the defendants through its subsidiaries, rendering it inequitable
for the plaintiff to seek contribution. I find the defendants liable to the
plaintiff and set out my reasons below.

Facts

2 The plaintiff is a publicly listed company incorporated in Singapore. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Bundle of Affidavits of Evidence-in-Chief (“BAEIC”) at Tab 1, p 294.

The plaintiff has a wholly owned subsidiary, Atlantic Navigations Holdings Inc
(“ANHINC”), which is incorporated in the British Virgin Islands. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Statement of Claim dated 28 January 2020 (“SOC”) at para 1; Defence dated 19
February 2020 (“Defence”) at para 2.

3 The second defendant is a company incorporated in the Marshall Islands. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

SOC at para 3; Defence at para 4.

The first defendant is the director of the second defendant. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Malcolm Chang’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief (“2nd Df’s AEIC’) at para 1.

4 Pursuant to a shareholders’ agreement dated 14 November 2014 (the
“Shareholders’ Agreement”), ANHINC and the second defendant entered into a
joint venture to form AVI, a company incorporated in the British Virgin
Islands, for the purpose of buying, owning, chartering and selling vessels. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Wong Siew Cheong’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 5 January 2021
(“Wong’s AEIC”) at para 4.

The parties of the joint venture agreed that ANHINC would hold 51% of the
shareholding of AVI, while the second defendant would hold 49% of the
shareholding of AVI. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Wong’s AEIC at para 4 and p 10.

ANHINC and the second defendant also agreed to secure a term loan of up to
US$8.4m from the Bank to partly finance AVI’s acquisition of a vessel named
“AOS Triumph” (the “Vessel”). 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Wong’s AEIC at para 5.

They also agreed for AVI to enter into a ship management agreement (the “SMA”)
with Atlantic Maritime Group (FZE) (“AMG”), 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Core Bundle (“CB”) at p 1831.

a wholly owned subsidiary of ANHINC. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

BAEIC at Tab 1, p 4.

5 AVI subsequently entered into a US$8.4m Commodity Murabahah Financing
Facility Agreement dated 22 May 2015 (the “Facility Agreement”), 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

CB at pp 1859–1919.

with the Bank. The terms of the Facility Agreement provided, inter alia, for
AVI as “Customer” to enter into a sale contract where the Bank purchased the
Vessel for US$8.4m and resold the Vessel to AVI for US$10.815m (the “Sales
Price”). It was agreed that the Sales Price be paid in the following manner:
11

##### Foot Note 11

×

CB at p 1878.

SECTION 5.08 DEFERRED PAYMENT OF BANK’S SALES PRICE

The Customer shall pay the Bank’s Sales Price by twenty (20) quarterly
payments consisting of nineteen (19) equal quarterly principal payments of
US$420,000.00 each and a final twentieth (20th) quarterly principal payment
consisting of the balance principal amount of the Facility, together with the
Periodic Profit Amount due for the final Profit Period, less the aggregate of
all amounts to which the Bank has granted a Rebate. The first of such
instalments shall be due and payable on the date falling six (6) months from
the Disbursement Date and the subsequent instalments shall be due and payable
on the corresponding date of each succeeding quarter thereafter or such other
dates as the Bank may specify . If any payment due date under this Agreement
would otherwise be due on a day which is not a Business Day, it shall instead
fall on the immediately preceding Business Day.

6 The plaintiff, the first defendant, and the second defendant each executed
guarantees dated 22 May 2015 (collectively the “Guarantees”) in favour of the
Bank, in consideration of the Bank making or continuing to make available to
AVI banking facilities. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

CB at pp 1920–1958.

The amounts recoverable by the Bank from the guarantors under the Guarantees
are subject to the following limits:

(a) Against the plaintiff: US$10,080,000.00; 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

CB at p 1920.

(b) Against the first defendant: US$4,939,200.00; 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

CB at p 1934.

and

(c) Against the second defendant: US$4,939,200.00. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

CB at p 1946.

7 Clause 4 is the same across each of the Guarantees. It states that: 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

CB at pp 1921

4.1 The Guarantor undertakes to the Bank that so long as the Customer has any
actual or contingent liability to the Bank, the Guarantor shall not exercise
any rights which the Guarantor may at any time have whether by reason of
performance by it of its obligations under this Guarantee or otherwise:

….

(d) to claim any contribution from any other guarantor of the Customer’s
obligations;

…

[emphasis added]

8 On or about May, August and November 2019, the quarterly instalments due
from AVI to the Bank under the Facility Agreement became payable. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Wong’s AEIC at pp 121, 125 and 126.

AVI was unable to make payment on these instalments. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Wong’s AEIC at paras 11–12.

9 The Plaintiff made payment of the three (3) quarterly instalments as one of
the guarantors, for the months of May, August and November 2019, for a total
of US$1,042,748.07. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

SOC at para 12; Wong’s AEIC at para 12.

Date | Description| Amount  
---|---|---  
31.05.2019| Part payment for AVI loan due 30 May 2019| US$144,133.46  
  
30.08.2019| Principal & interest payment for AVI loan due 30 August 2019|
US$453,669.14  
29.11.2019| Principal & interest payment for AVI loan due 29 November 2019|
US$444,945.47  
| TOTAL:| US$1,042,748.07  
  
10 The defendants did not make payment to the Bank for these instalments. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Wong’s AEIC at paras 13–14.

The plaintiff, by a letter dated 10 October 2019, sought the Bank’s consent to
proceed to seek contribution from the co-guarantors for payments which the
plaintiff had made or which it would make to the Bank under its Guarantee. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

SOC at para 14; CB at p 1971.

By a letter dated 2 December 2019, the Bank agreed to the plaintiff’s request
and gave its consent to waive cl 4.1(d) of the Guarantee issued by the
plaintiff in favour of the Bank, 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

CB at p 1696.

to enable the plaintiff to proceed to recover the rateable proportion paid by
it by way of contribution from the defendants as well as monies which the
plaintiff will pay to the Bank under its Guarantee. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

SOC at para 15.

The plaintiff by its solicitors’ letter of 10 December 2019 demanded that the
defendants make payment of the sum of US$510,946.55 (being their rateable
proportion of the total sum paid by the plaintiff to the Bank on behalf of the
Guarantors) by way of contribution to the plaintiff for the amounts the
plaintiff had paid to the Bank. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

SOC at para 13; CB at p 1665.

11 As of end-November 2019, the outstanding debt owed by AVI to the Bank was a
sum of US$1,260,000.00. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

SOC at para 16.

The plaintiff now seeks: 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

SOC at prayers (a) to (c).

(a) a declaration that the defendants and each of them are jointly and
severally liable to contribute to the amounts paid or to be paid by the
plaintiff under the Guarantees;

(b) the sum of US$510,946.55 or severally the sum of US$255,473.28 being
rateably the defendants’ proportion of the sums due under their respective
Guarantees; and

(c) interest at 5.33% per annum in respect of each of the three payments from
the due dates set out in [12] of the Statement of Claim (ie, 31 May 2019, 30
August 2019 and 29 November 2019) until the date of judgment pursuant to s
12(1) Civil Law Act (Cap 43, 1999 Rev Ed).

12 The defendants’ main defences are:

(a) First, that there was oppression of the second defendant due to repeated
breaches of the SMA between AVI and AMG by the plaintiff, ANHINC and/or AMG.
In particular, the plaintiff, through AMG and ANHINC, procured AMG’s breach of
the SMA. This has resulted in AVI incurring losses on a yearly basis. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Defendants’ Written Submissions dated 20 May 2021 (“DWS”) at paras 118–152.

(b) Second, the current action is unjust towards them, as the most appropriate
action at this juncture would be to sell the Vessel and settle the loan with
the Bank, due to the Vessel’s operation expenses exceeding the income from the
Vessel. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

DWS at paras 153–160.

Main issues

13 The overarching question is whether the plaintiff is entitled to call on
the defendants as co-guarantors to seek contribution for the payments made by
the plaintiff to the Bank set out at [9] above. There are three main issues:

(a) Whether a contractual relationship between the plaintiff and defendants is
required before the plaintiff can seek contribution under the Guarantees
(“Issue 1”);

(b) Whether there is a need for the Bank to call on the guarantors to make
payment first before a guarantor’s entitlement for contribution arises (“Issue
2”); and

(c) Whether the alleged oppression of ANHINC and the contractual breaches by
AMG are relevant to the defendants resisting the claim for contribution
(“Issue 3”). This involves the following two sub-issues:

(i) whether the plaintiff, ANHINC and AMG are one and the same; and

(ii) whether there were oppressive acts by AMG and ANHINC on the defendants
such that it was inequitable for the plaintiff to claim contribution.

Issue 1: Whether a contractual relationship between the plaintiff and the
defendants is needed before the plaintiff seeks contribution under the
Guarantees

Parties’ cases

14 The plaintiff acknowledged that there was no contractual relationship
between the parties, but submitted that it is trite law that there is no such
requirement, as the plaintiff’s right to contribution stems from equity and
not contract. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions dated 21 May 2021 (“PWS”) at para 8.

The plaintiff relied on Law Relating to Specific Contracts in Singapore
(Michael Hwang editor-in-chief & Yeo Tiong Min gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell Asia,
2008), which states at para 13.7.7:

13.7.7 Surety’s right to contribution from co-sureties. Where one of two or
more sureties, who have guaranteed the same debt (or performance of the same
obligation) to the same creditor, has paid more than his equal share of the
debt, he may look to his co-sureties for contribution. The co-surety’s
entitlement to contribution arises at the time he makes payment and not, it
would seem, upon demand if so required by the contract of guarantee. …

15 The plaintiff also cited Tng Kay Lim v Wong Fook Yew and another [2009]
SGHC 195 (“Tng Kay Lim”). There, the court held at [16]–[17]:

16 A guarantor has the right to call upon a co-guarantor to contribute towards
his liability if he has made a payment in excess of his own share of
liability: Davies v Evan Humphreys (1840) 6 M&W 153. This right to
contribution is founded not in contract but in equity: Sir Edward Deering v
The Earl of Winchelsea (1787) 2 Bos & Pul 270, at 272-273:

If a view is taken of the cases, it will appear that the bottom of
contribution is a fixed principle of justice, and is not founded on contract …
In the particular case of sureties, it is admitted that one surety may compel
another to contribute to the debt for which they are jointly bound. On what
principle? Can it be because they are jointly bound? What if they are jointly
and severally bound? What if severally bound by the same or different
instruments? In every one of those cases sureties have a common interest and a
common burthen. They are bound as effectively quoad contribution, as if bound
in one instrument, with this difference only that the sums in each instrument
ascertain the proportions, whereas if they were all joined in the same
engagement they must all contribute equally.

17\. In Teo Song Kwang v Vijayasundram Jeyabalan [2005] SGHC 60, Tan Lee Meng
J held at [40]:

It is trite law that a creditor is entitled to sue any of the guarantors of
the sum loaned. It is also a well-established rule founded upon natural
justice and equitable principles that if one guarantor is asked to pay a sum,
his co-guarantors are liable to contribute their share of the amount paid if
they benefit from such a payment to the creditor. In Craythorne v Swinburne
(1807) 14 Ves 160; 33 ER 482, Lord Eldon LC explained that the equitable
principle of contribution enabled a guarantor to assume the burden of
suretyship on the faith of an implied promise of contribution from his co-
sureties.

16 The defendants accepted that the right to contribution arises not as a
matter of contract but rather equity. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

DWS at para 52.

Notwithstanding this, the defendants maintained that a contractual
relationship between the plaintiff and the defendants was necessary for the
plaintiff’s claim for contribution to succeed. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

DWS at paras 85–86.

In addition, the defendants submitted that the right to contribution has been
excluded by cl 4.1(d) of the Guarantees. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

DWS at para 54.

This clause states that the guarantors shall not claim any contribution from
any other guarantor, so long as AVI has any actual or contingent liability to
the Bank. But at the same time, the defendants also do not dispute that the
plaintiff had obtained from the Bank, a waiver of cl 4.1(d) to commence legal
proceedings against the defendants for contribution. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

DWS at para 56; Wong’s AEIC at p 131.

My decision

17 It is trite law that the right to contribution from a co-guarantor arises
as a right in equity. This right arises independently of contract and
recognises that co-sureties have a common interest and a common burden. A
surety who has paid more than his rateable proportion of the debt is thus
entitled to claim against his co-surety: see Teo Song Kwang (alias Teo
Richard) and Another v Vijayasundram Jeyabalan [2005] SGHC 60 at [40], Tng Kay
Lim at [16] and Wong Chin Juan (trading as SE Automobile Investment) v
Absolute Euromotors Pte Ltd and others [2010] SGHC 1 at [10].

18 The defendants submitted that cl 4.1(d) of the Guarantees has excluded the
plaintiff’s right in equity to claim for contribution. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

DWS at para 54.

But cl 4.1(d) only vests the right in the Bank to prevent claims for co-
contribution. It does not vest such right in the co-guarantors. Each of the
Guarantees is a contract between the individual guarantor and the Bank, and
not between the Guarantors. It is indeed the defendants’ case that there is no
contractual relationship between them and the plaintiff, much less an
agreement by the plaintiff with the guarantors not to exercise its rights
against other guarantors. In any event, the defendants also do not dispute
that the Bank has waived cl 4.1(d). 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

DWS at para 56.

Hence, the defendants’ submission, that they are not liable to contribute
because such right to contribution is excluded by cl 4.1(d) of the Guarantees,
is without any merit.

Issue 2: Whether the Bank must call on the guarantors to make payment first
before a guarantor’s entitlement for contribution arises

Parties’ cases

19 The plaintiff submitted that it is also trite law that a surety has a right
to contribution from a co-surety even if the creditor has not made a formal
demand for payment under the guarantee: see Stimpson v Smith [1999] Ch 340 at
354 (“Stimpson v Smith”). There was thus no need for the Bank to issue a
demand before the plaintiff is entitled to seek contribution for payments
made. It would also not be in the interest of AVI to wait for the Bank to
issue a formal letter of demand. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

PWS at paras 14–15.

Any delay in making payment to the Bank would entitle the Bank to accelerate
the instalment payments and commence legal proceedings against AVI to recover
the entire outstanding debt on the loan. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

PWS at para 20.

20 With respect to the defendants’ allegation that there was no default, the
plaintiff referred to the reminder e-mails sent by the Bank to AVI copying the
Guarantors for loans due in May, August and November 2019 respectively. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

CB at pp 1291–1293 and 1506.

The Bank also sent a letter of demand to AVI dated 31 May 2019 (the “Letter of
Demand”), which was addressed to Mr Bill Wong (“Bill Wong”), the CEO and
director of the plaintiff, 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Wong’s AEIC at para 1.

and the first defendant, for the instalment that was due on 30 May 2019. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

CB at pp 1966–1967.

In the Letter of Demand, the Bank explicitly stated that the instalment was
overdue and that it would not hesitate to enforce its rights under the
Facility Agreement and/or under the Guarantees to recover the outstanding
amount. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

CB at pp 1966–1967.

For the instalments due on 30 August 2019 and 29 November 2019, the Bank also
informed AVI that if it defaulted on the instalment payments, the Bank would
be entitled to commence proceedings against AVI to recover the outstanding
sums. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Wong’s AEIC at pp 125–126.

21 The defendants made two responses on this issue.

22 First, the defendants submitted that the plaintiff had received no demand
from the Bank for the three quarterly instalment payments. For this, they
relied on Bill Wong’s testimony that the Letter of Demand from the Bank was
addressed to AVI, and not the plaintiff. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Notes of Evidence (“NE”) 24/3/2021 at p 92, lines 6–7 and 16.

The defendants then submitted that there was no reason for the plaintiff to
waive the need for the Bank to make the demand. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

DWS at para 65.

There is no inherent obligation for guarantors to step in to make payments on
behalf of the principal, without any demand made to the guarantors. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

DWS at para 68.

Having made such unilateral payment, the plaintiff should not be allowed to
seek contribution from other guarantors. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

DWS at para 61 and 65.

In support, the defendants referred to Can-Win Leasing (Toronto) Limited v
Moncayo, 2014 ONCA 689 (“Can-Win Leasing (Toronto) Limited v Moncayo”), where
the Ontario Court of Appeal refused to allow a surety to recover against his
co-surety because the court was of the view that the payment of debt was
premature. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

DWS at para 107.

23 Second, the defendants submitted that the plaintiff’s conduct in making
payment to the Bank was an irresponsible one that did not benefit the co-
guarantors. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

DWS at paras 89, 91, 105, 117.

The re-payment was not for the benefit of the defendants, because the
defendants were exposed to greater liabilities by virtue of the plaintiff’s
refusal to sell the Vessel to make repayments, when the Vessel which comprised
the business of AVI was clearly unprofitable. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

DWS at paras 101–104, 109–113.

My decision

24 The documentary evidence shows that there were three instances where the
Bank called upon AVI to make payments for instalments due. Through its Letter
of Demand, the Bank had made clear that the instalment in May 2019 was overdue
and that it would not hesitate to enforce its rights under the Facility
Agreement and the Guarantees if the overdue instalments were not paid. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

CB at pp 1966–1967.

With respect to the August and November 2019 instalments, the Bank had also
sent e-mails to AVI mere days before each instalment was due to demand
payment. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Wong’s AEIC at pp 125–126.

The present case is thus very different from Can-Win Leasing (Toronto) Limited
v Moncayo. In that case, there was no evidence that the borrower, or primary
obligor, was in default under the loan agreement, nor was there any evidence
of demand made by the bank on the company or any of the guarantors. The court
also found at [39] that it was not established that the primary obligor’s
default there was so imminent that the surety was entitled to take unilateral
action even in the absence of a demand from the bank. Hence, the surety that
made payment was a volunteer and had no right of contribution.

25 In contrast, default here was at the very least imminent. With respect to
the August and November instalments, the plaintiff made payment to the Bank on
exactly the dates that AVI’s re-payments fell due. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Wong’s AEIC at pp 125–128.

As for the May instalment, default was not merely imminent; it had already
occurred. The Bank had also called on AVI, copying the Guarantors, to demand
payment on three separate occasions. There was no premature payment by the
plaintiff.

26 The fact that the Bank did not formally call on the guarantors to make
payment does not mean that the loan was not in fact due. As evidenced by the
Letter of Demand and the reminder e-mails sent by the Bank to the plaintiff
and defendants, it was clear that the instalments were due, and payments were
not made. Rather than risking default and allowing the Bank to accelerate the
instalment payments and call on the entire outstanding loan, the plaintiff
made repayments for the May, August and November instalments in their
entirety, including for the defendants’ share.

27 The defendants’ submission that a formal demand from the creditor is
required before a surety is entitled to seek contribution from the co-surety
lacks legal support. As held by Tuckley LJ in Stimpson v Smith at 354, where
the guarantee requires a formal demand to be made on the surety, this is not a
condition precedent to his liability. It simply marks the time from which that
liability can be enforced. It is a provision in the contract for the surety’s
benefit which he may waive and if he does so and pays the debtor, there is no
reason why his waiver should affect his separate right to contribution from
his co-surety. The co-surety’s liability to the surety is not dependent upon
any formal demand being made on him. In this case, by virtue of the plaintiff
having paid more than his proportion of the guaranteed sum, the right to seek
contribution from the defendants has arisen.

28 Neither is there merit to the defendants’ submission that the plaintiff’s
repayment was not to the benefit of the defendants. Here, the plaintiff paid
for the defendants’ share of the instalment payments that they were liable for
under the Guarantees. This resulted in a corresponding reduction in the amount
of liability that the defendants would have under the Guarantees. It thus
cannot be said by the defendants that they did not derive benefit. If the
plaintiff had not paid for the overdue loan instalments, the Bank could have
exercised its rights under the Facility agreement to accelerate the loan and
call on an even larger sum which the defendants had guaranteed. Nor is there
merit to the defendants’ submission that it is inequitable for the plaintiff
to claim contribution because the plaintiff as co-surety enjoys the whole
benefit of the Guarantees. Here, the benefit of the Guarantees was derived by
AVI, which is jointly owned by ANHINC and also the second defendant, and not
wholly by the plaintiff.

29 Finally, the defendants’ argument that they were prejudiced by the
plaintiff’s refusal for AVI to sell the Vessel surfaced also in their
submissions on the third issue, and will be dealt with there.

Issue 3: Whether the alleged oppression by ANHINC and the contractual breaches
by AMG are relevant to the defendants resisting contribution

Parties’ cases

30 The defendants sought to rely on the alleged oppressive acts by ANHINC or
the alleged breaches of the SMA by AMG to argue that it is inequitable for the
plaintiff to seek contribution.

Whether the plaintiff, ANHINC and AMG are one and the same

31 The defendants submitted that the plaintiff, ANHINC and AMG are in fact the
same entity. The court should lift the corporate veil such that the oppressive
conduct undertaken by ANHINC and the breaches by AMG should be attributed to
the plaintiff. The defendants cited in support of this submission Kumagai Gumi
Co Ltd v Zenecon Pte Ltd and others and other appeals [1995] 2 SLR(R) 304
(“Kumagai”) at [57]. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

DWS at paras 125–127.

32 The defendants enumerated a list of factors for why they considered ANHINC,
AMG and the plaintiff to be one and the same. These include, inter alia, the
following:

(a) The plaintiff does not have its own premises and uses the same business
office as that of AMG. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

BAEIC at Tab 1, p 11.

(b) AMG does not have its own website and shares the same website as the
plaintiff. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

BAEIC at Tab 1, p 11.

(c) The plaintiff considers the Vessel as a part of its own fleet even though
the Vessel belongs to AVI, whose majority shareholder is ANHINC and not the
plaintiff. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

BAEIC at Tab 1, p 12.

(d) The plaintiff’s CEO Bill Wong communicated with the defendants using
e-mail accounts bearing the name of AMG. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

BAEIC at Tab 1, p 12.

(e) AMG and the plaintiff share common directors and have the same executive
officers. Bill Wong is the CEO of both the plaintiff and AMG, and was also a
director of AVI. The key employees of the plaintiff and/or ANHINC and/or AMG
were based in the UAE, such as Bill Wong himself. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

DWS at para 125.

(f) The plaintiff actively controls and manages AMG. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

DWS at para 13(i).

(g) The plaintiff’s 2019 annual report also states that the plaintiff’s
operations are managed mainly through AMG and another entity. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

BAEIC at Tab 1, p 242.

(h) ANHINC is merely a holding company with no business of its own. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

DWS at para 13.

The plaintiff controls the board of ANHINC. ANHINC does not have its own bank
account, but uses the plaintiff’s bank account to transfer funds on behalf of
ANHINC.

(i) The plaintiff’s operations were managed by AMG. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

DWS at para 127.

33 The defendants hence submitted that the oppressive acts of ANHINC as a
shareholder of AVI and the contractual breaches of AMG in relation to the SMA
are relevant to whether the plaintiff has the right to seek contribution.

34 The plaintiff’s position is that it is not a party to the Shareholders’
Agreement. The parties to the Shareholders’ Agreement are the second defendant
and ANHINC. The plaintiff is also not a party to the SMA. The parties to the
SMA are AVI and AMG. Hence, by virtue of the principle of privity, the alleged
acts and breaches by ANHINC and AMG do not concern the plaintiff, and are thus
irrelevant to determining whether the plaintiff is entitled to payment as a
co-guarantor.

35 With respect to the defendants’ claim that the plaintiff, ANHINC and AMG
are the same entity, the plaintiff submits that each incorporated entity is a
separate legal entity. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

PWS at paras 27–28.

This remains the case even if the companies are within the same group, and
even if the plaintiff owns all the shares in the ANHINC and ANHINC is the sole
asset of the plaintiff. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

PWS at para 30.

The court should not lift the corporate veil unless it is shown that the
subsidiary is the alter ego of the parent company. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

PWS at para 29.

36 As for the Vessel, the plaintiff submitted that it had not treated the
Vessel as a part of its own fleet. The plaintiff pointed to the Vessel Fleet
List in the plaintiff’s Annual Report 2019, identifying the Vessel as “Under
management with 51% ownership under Investment in Joint Operation”, which
accurately reflects the extent of ownership of ANHINC in AVI. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

PWS at para 31.

37 The plaintiff further denied that it exercised control in the management of
ANHINC and/or AMG. Bill Wong, the CEO and director of the plaintiff, testified
that he did not personally control any of the three companies, namely the
plaintiff, ANHINC and AMG. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

NE 24/3/2021 at p 13, lines 6–17.

Each of these companies has its own operating profile. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

NE 24/3/2021 at p 13, lines 12–13.

Even though there is common directorship amongst the three companies, Bill
Wong wore different hats and acted accordingly. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

NE 24/3/2021 at p 13, lines 29–32.

The plaintiff is a listed company run by a board of directors. It is an
investment company but that does not mean it necessarily controls the
activities of the subsidiaries it owns. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

NE 24/3/2021 at p 14, lines 5–9.

In any event, the defendants would have done their due diligence before
entering into the joint venture with ANHINC, such that they would have been
aware of the group structure, including the relationship between the plaintiff
and AMG. Such information is readily available on the plaintiff’s website.
There is no basis for the defendants to now assert that the plaintiff, AMG
and/or ANHINC are the same entity. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

PWS at para 35.

Whether there were oppressive acts by ANHINC and AMG

38 The defendants submitted that the plaintiff’s conduct, through AMG’s
breaches of the SMA and ANHINC’s oppressive conduct towards the second
defendant as a shareholder of AVI, renders it inequitable for the plaintiff to
claim for contribution. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

DWS at para 123.

39 The defendants submitted that there was oppression arising from AVI’s
exclusion of the second defendant from the management of AVI and the failure
to sell the Vessel, and the second defendant’s inability to terminate the SMA
between AVI and AMG (as the second defendant is a minority shareholder of
AVI), 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

DWS at para 19.

particularly in light of multiple breaches of the SMA by AMG and/or ANHINC
and/or the plaintiff. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

DWS at para 128; BAEIC at Tab 1, pp 13–20.

These breaches include:

(a) failure to obtain AVI’s approval for all charter contracts that were
entered into after 2015, as required by cl 3.3 of the SMA, which essentially
provides that AMG has the authority to fix charter contracts that are for a
period of three months or shorter so long as they are not below a certain
rate, and that AMG shall seek the approval of AVI for other charter contracts;

(b) accepting charter hire rates which were significantly lower than the rate
of about US$8,500.00 per day, which AVI had anticipated, without obtaining
AVI’s approval beforehand, breaching cl 3.3 of the SMA;

(c) failure to provide AVI with regular quarterly reports on the Vessel,
breaching cl 4 of the SMA;

(d) failure to provide AVI with revised management fees on a yearly basis
since 2017, breaching cl 8.2 of the SMA;

(e) failure to provide AVI with an operation budget on a yearly basis since
2016, breaching cl 9.1 of the SMA;

(f) failure to ensure that a back-to-back charter party agreement was signed
for each charter party agreement signed between AMG and the charter hirers in
respect of the Vessel, breaching cl 21 of the SMA; and

(g) failure to transfer the charter hire to AVI’s account within two working
days upon receipt of the same from the charters, breaching cl 22 of the SMA.
75

##### Foot Note 75

×

BAEIC at Tab 1, pp 13–16.

40 The defendants submitted that there were also oppressive acts in relation
to the Vessel, including, inter alia, the failure by AMG to disclose the terms
of the charter party agreements to AVI, AMG causing an increase in AVI’s
operating expenses, AMG’s use of the Vessel without AVI’s prior authorisation,
AVI’s failure to sell the Vessel to mitigate the losses of AVI, and ANHINC’s
two-year delay in obtaining the Bank’s banking token to facilitate the
transfer of funds to AVI. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

DWS at para 22; BAEIC at Tab 1, pp 15–20.

41 The nub of the defendants’ complaint is that the joint venture has not been
profitable owing to the plaintiff’s mismanagement, and that the Vessel should
have been sold. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

DWS at para 153.

The second defendant had engaged a broker for the sale of the Vessel since
2019, but ANHINC and/or the plaintiff rejected the offers made by prospective
buyers. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

DWS at paras 34–37.

Hence, as a result of ANHINC’s unreasonable delay, AVI incurred further debt,
which could have been mitigated if the Vessel were sold to repay the overdue
instalments under the Facility Agreement. Hence, the failure by ANHINC and/or
the plaintiff to sell the Vessel also created unfairness such that the
plaintiff’s claim should not be allowed. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

DWS at para 153.

42 The defendants submitted that because of the oppressive conduct by the
plaintiff, the plaintiff has not come to the court with clean hands, and is
thus not entitled to seek contribution from the defendants. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

DWS at paras 132.

43 The plaintiff disputed that there were oppressive acts. It submitted that
even if there were oppressive acts, the second defendant has not suffered any
prejudice. The SMA was negotiated at arm’s length between AVI and AMG. The SMA
allows AVI to terminate on both non-fault and fault bases. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

PWS at para 46.

While the second defendant claimed that it could not terminate the SMA
unilaterally, there was no evidence that the issue of termination had ever
been raised with ANHINC or that ANHINC had rejected a request by the second
defendant for termination. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

PWS at para 54; NE 25/3/2021 at p 145, lines 24–32.

44 As for the alleged breaches of the SMA, the plaintiff’s submissions were as
follows:

(a) AMG did provide AVI with an operation budget for 2017 and 2018. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

CB at p 961.

While AMG had not provided AVI with an detailed operation budget for every
year since 2016, there were separate discussions between shareholders of AVI,
where an agreement was reached on the broad strokes of the budget. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

NE 25/3/2021 at p 42, lines 29-–32.

The first defendant was involved in those discussions, as evidenced by his
subsequent e-mails acknowledging such discussions. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

CB at p 951.

(b) There were back-to-back charters between AVI and AMG. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

NE 24/3/2021 at p 66, lines 10–12; CB at p 338.

Where there were no back-to-back charters, it was inconsequential because the
charter terms were made known to AVI, as such information would be presented
in the accounts. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

NE 24/3/2021 at p 64, lines 26–32.

(c) The charter hire was not remitted to AVI’s account because AMG had pre-
funded the operations. The charter hire was then used to pay for the arrears
in the operating expenses, and the balance was sent back to AVI’s account,
which was used to pay the instalments due under the Facility Agreement. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

NE 24/3/2021 at p 46, lines 13–18; BAEIC at p 637, Row “D”, “Atlantic Maritime
Group FZE – Payment to the Bank”.

Such operating expenses related to the crew expenses. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

NE 24/3/2021 at p 45, lines 13–23,

Hence, it was not possible for the entire charter hire to be paid to AVI, as
operating expenses of the Vessel had to be paid. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

PWS at para 52.

(d) While there were breaches of the SMA by AMG, there were also breaches by
AVI, who failed to pre-fund the operations of the Vessel as required under the
SMA. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

NE 24/3/2021 at p 42, lines 18–27; BAEIC at p 637.

(e) There were times where the Vessel was used without AVI’s authorisation,
but AVI was informed as to when and who the charterers were. AVI would be
notified of the charterparties. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

PWS at p 55.

(f) The charter rates were significantly lower than anticipated because of a
downturn in the marine industry.

(g) There was no breach of cl 4 of the SMA as AMG was not obliged to provide
quarterly reports. AMG’s obligation was to provide the income and expense
statements only. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

NE 24/3/2021 at p 72, lines 13–15.

AMG also did not breach cl 8.2 of the SMA as it did provide a reduced
management fee at the defendants’ request. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

CB at p 1213.

45 The plaintiff’s case is that while there were lapses by AMG, there was no
detriment to AVI, as these lapses were not serious, and AMG continued to
manage the Vessel well despite the market conditions. There was no detriment
to AVI, as AMG achieved utilisation rates ranging between 50% to 73% from 2015
to 2019. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

PWS at para 55.

Some of the lapses did not prejudice AVI. For instance, while there was some
delay in obtaining the bank token to facilitate the transfer of funds to AVI,
which was issued in 2017, 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

NE 24/3/2021 at p 81, lines 21–23.

AMG did remit the surplus of the charter hire by the Vessel to AVI after the
token was received. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

NE 24/3/2021 at p 81, line 28.

Actions were taken when complaints against AMG were lodged. According to Bill
Wong, the second defendant did not raise the issue of termination of the SMA
in board meetings, despite having had the opportunity to do so in board
meetings 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

PWS at para 55; NE 24/3/2021 at p 39, lines 22–23.

(on the first defendant’s own evidence, there were at least two meetings in
the past) 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

NE 25/3/2021 at p 84.

. The reason why the second defendant did not raise the issue of termination
is that there was no truth in the alleged breaches, and/or that the alleged
breaches were inconsequential. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

PWS at para 57.

Bill Wong also attested that the other alleged oppressive acts, such as
ANHINC’s failure to provide documents, were never brought up to the AVI board,
or through the shareholders’ forum. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

NE 24/3/2021 at p 41, lines 16–17.

Instead, the second defendant went along with AMG, as it did not have to put
in funds to AMG for the operational expenses of AVI, even though that was
required under the SMA. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

PWS at para 80(a).

46 As for the defendants’ claim that the Vessel ought to be sold, the
plaintiff’s position is that the defendants are not entitled to insist that
the Vessel be sold. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

PWS at paras 76–78.

As held by the court in KPMG Services Pte Ltd v Pawley, Mark Edward [2021]
SGHC 54 at [103] (“KPMG v Pawley”), citing Chan Siew Lee Jannie v Australia
and New Zealand Banking Group Ltd [2016] 3 SLR 239 at [36], a surety has no
right to require the creditor to proceed against the principal or any security
provided for the debt before proceeding against himself. Further, even if the
Vessel was sold, there is no confirmation that the sale proceeds would be
sufficient to pay AVI’s creditors. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

PWS at para 79.

47 The plaintiff submitted that there was no delay in the sale of the Vessel.
Bill Wong’s evidence was that in or around 2017, the market conditions were
bad. If the Vessel had been sold at that point, AVI would have received a low
price while the remaining bank loan was high. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

NE 24/3/2021 at p 102, lines 2–7.

In 2019, while the remaining loan was lower, the offer was US$1.9m. Taking
into account what the shareholders have put in, this was not an attractive
proposition. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

NE 25/3/2021 at p 11, lines 10–26.

As the majority shareholder, ANHINC also had an interest to make sure that the
proceeds of sale from the Vessel should be adequate to clear the debts of AVI.
107

##### Foot Note 107

×

NE 25/3/2021at p 5, line 18.

Moreover, the offer of US$1.9m was not a firm one. No inspection took place,
and the potential buyer might simply have lost interest, as accepted by the
first defendant during cross-examination. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

NE 26/3/2021 at p 51, lines 6–31.

The defendants’ claim that it was difficult to carry out inspection for
prospective buyers was not pleaded nor stated in any communications the first
defendant relied on. Instead, what was clear was that ANHINC had facilitated
inspections of the Vessel when the Vessel was not out on charter. If the
Vessel was chartered, it would not be in the interest of AVI to jeopardise a
charter by bringing it back for an inspection that may not materialise. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

NE 25/3/2021 at p 50, lines 16–18; NE 25/3/2021 at p 51, lines 1–12.

My decision

Whether the plaintiff, ANHINC and AMG are one and the same

48 I find the defendants’ allegations relating to the conduct of AMG and
ANHINC irrelevant to this Suit. The plaintiff is not a party to the SMA
between AVI and AMG or the Shareholders’ Agreement between the second
defendant and ANHINC. The defendants have not established that the plaintiff,
ANHINC and AMG are one and the same, such that their separate legal
personalities should be disregarded.

49 The law on this is common ground among the parties. One ground for lifting
the corporate veil and disregarding the separate legal personalities of ANHINC
and AMG is to show that the subsidiary company is carrying on the business of
its controller: see NEC Asia Pte Ltd (now known as NEC Asia Pacific Pte Ltd) v
Picket & Rail Asia Pacific Pte Ltd and others [2011] 2 SLR 565 at [31]. There
is no presumption that a subsidiary is the parent company’s alter ego: see Win
Line (UK) Ltd v Masterpart (Singapore) Pte Ltd and another [1999] 2 SLR(R) 24
at [43].

50 In Miller Freeman Exhibitions Pte Ltd v Singapore Industrial Automation
Association and another [2000] 3 SLR(R) 177 (“Miller Freeman”), the Court of
Appeal noted that the indicia adumbrated in Smith, Stone and Knight, Ltd v
Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Citizens of the City of Birmingham [1939] 4 All ER
116, such as whether the subsidiary company’s profits were treated as entirely
those of the parent company’s, whether the subsidiary had no staff of its own
and whether the parent governed the business of the subsidiary, were helpful
guidelines but by no means a conclusive and definitive test in determining
whether a business is carried out by the subsidiary as the principal or agent
for its holding company. The Court of Appeal observed that in some cases, such
as in Miller Freeman, there were other circumstances to be taken into account.
In that case, the second respondent was a wholly owned subsidiary of the first
respondent. The appellant sued the first respondent, arguing that the first
and second respondents were the same party. The Court of Appeal found at
[19]–[23] that even though the second respondent shared the same office
address, and the first respondent managed and controlled the second
respondent, it did not necessarily follow that the second respondent was
acting as the agent of the respondent, or that they were one and the same
party. The respondents were entitled to utilise the corporate structure by
setting up a company to limit its liability and risk. This must have been
known to the appellants who decided to do business with the second respondent.
Whether the corporate veil should be lifted is thus very much an inquiry
taking into account the circumstances of the particular case.

51 In this case, I find that the defendants have not shown that ANHINC and AMG
are the alter egos of the parent company. While the plaintiff wholly owns
ANHINC and AMG, this does not render the latter two the alter egos of the
parent company. The factors relied on by the defendants – for example, the
plaintiff and AMG’s sharing of websites and office space, Bill Wong being CEO
for both AMG and the plaintiff, and ANHINC utilising the bank account of AMG
and the plaintiff to conduct business – do not in themselves mean that ANHINC
and AMG are carrying on the business of the plaintiff as the plaintiff’s agent
or alter egos. There is similarly no evidence that ANHINC was operating as a
vehicle of the plaintiff in managing AVI or issues relating to AVI’s sale of
the Vessel (as set out above in [39] and [41]). I also accept Bill Wong’s
evidence that each of the companies has its own operating profile, that AMG
has its own team running its business, and AMG has existed before the
plaintiff was incorporated. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

NE 24/3/2021 at p 13, lines 8–17.

In addition, the group structure of the plaintiff was known to the defendants
when the second defendant entered into the joint venture with ANHINC and
entered into the SMA with AMG. The plaintiff is entitled to utilise such group
structure to structure its business.

52 The defendants’ reference to Kumagai does not assist them. First, Kumagai
concerned oppression under s 216 of the Companies Act. Here, the defendants
conceded that they were not relying on s 216 of the Companies Act, as the
second defendant is a foreign company. Second, the defendants cited [57] of
Kumagai in support of their case. But the holding at [57]–[58] is that Low did
not sufficiently take into account the interests of his principal KZ, for whom
he was serving as nominee director on the board of KPM (a subsidiary of KZ).
The Court of Appeal found that when Low carried on the business of KPM,
serving only his interest and in disregard of the interest of his principal
KZ, he acted in breach of his duty to his principal KZ. There is no suggestion
here by the defendants that any of the directors of AVI were not acting in the
interest of their principal. Third, when the Court of Appeal observed at [44]
that counsel had adopted too legalistic an approach in relying on the separate
legal personalities of KZ and KPM, it was in the context of the court’s
finding that KPM did not operate independently of KZ. Thus, the Court of
Appeal observed at [59] that “subsidiaries come in all shapes and sizes; some
are truly independent, while others are not”, and that on the facts, KPM had
been used by Low as a mere vehicle of KZ. In contrast, for the reasons stated
above in this judgment at [51], I do not find on the evidence presented by the
defendants that AMG or ANHINC were used as mere vehicles of the plaintiff, or
that ANHINC, AMG and the plaintiff have been managed as one, such that their
separate legal personalities should be disregarded.

Whether there were oppressive acts by AMG and ANHINC

53 As I have found that there is no ground to pierce the corporate veil to
consider these group companies as one entity, the issue of whether there are
oppressive acts by AMG or by ANHINC is not relevant to the defendants’
resistance to contribution. However, for completeness I have also examined,
assuming that the corporate veil is pierced, whether the acts are indeed
oppressive, such that they should prevent the plaintiff from seeking
contribution from the defendants.

54 As a preliminary point, I observe that both the Shareholders’ Agreement and
the SMA require any disputes arising out of those agreements to be resolved by
arbitration. The second defendant is a party to the Shareholders’ Agreement
and is not constrained in any way from referring disputes thereunder to
arbitration. But it has not done so at any point to the proper forum. It has
instead bypassed the arbitration provisions to raise its grievances here and
now. Similarly, as a shareholder of AVI, the second defendant could have
sought arbitration between AVI and AMG for the alleged breaches of the SMA,
arbitration being the agreed and proper forum for their disputes. But the
second defendant has never raised this with the board of AVI, and has instead
bypassed the proper forum of arbitration to raise those grievances in this
suit.

(1) Alleged breaches of the SMA

55 On the facts, even though there were some breaches of the SMA by AMG in
relation to the chartering of the Vessel, they did not prejudice the
defendants, nor did they render it unfair for the plaintiff to seek
contribution from the defendants:

(a) The failure by AMG to enter into back-to-back charters was not
prejudicial, as AVI was informed of the charterparties entered into by AMG.
Where the Vessel was used without AVI’s authorisation, AVI was notified of the
charterparties.

(b) The failure to provide AVI with an operation budget was not prejudicial. I
accept Bill Wong’s evidence that there were subsequent discussions with AVI
shareholders, who were informed of the operation budget and approved it. This
is supported by the first defendant’s own correspondence to Bill Wong.

(c) The delay in obtaining the banking token was remedied as the token was
issued in 2017. In any event, the breach was not so material as to render it
inequitable for the plaintiff to seek contribution, as AMG remitted the
surplus of the charter hire to AVI thereafter.

56 If the second defendant found the alleged breaches of AMG prejudicial or
unfair, it could have raised this during AVI’s board meetings, but it did not
do so. The first defendant attested that there were at least two board
meetings in the past. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

NE 25/3/2021 at p 84.

The first defendant also agreed that there was a board meeting on 1 July 2019,
where Bill Wong proposed that AVI’s board could discuss the issue of AMG’s
performance as a ship manager, and then decide whether AVI would continue with
the current SMA. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

NE 25/3/2021 at p 86, lines 12–17; CB at p 1212.

During the meeting, the first defendant discussed the issue of AMG’s
performance. His evidence is that the discussion “went beyond the termination
of the ship management agreement”, as he had suggested that AVI should sell
the Vessel, given the high operating expenses incurred. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

NE 25/3/2021 at p 102, lines 13–14, 21–23; NE 25/3/2021 at p 112, lines 21–23.

57 There is thus no evidence that the first defendant sought to terminate the
SMA at the board meeting even though Bill Wong had suggested such an option.
Instead, the first defendant claimed that it would not have been possible for
the defendants to raise the issue of termination because the plaintiff and/or
ANHINC would not have considered it. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

NE 25/3/2021 at p 102, lines 4–5.

The defendants’ case, therefore, is not that they tried to but were prevented
by ANHINC from terminating the SMA, but rather that they thought they would
not have been able to have AVI terminate the SMA, as the second defendant was
merely the minority shareholder in AVI with 49% of the shares. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

DWS at para 115.

However, this is speculation on the part of the defendants. What the evidence
does bear out is that the first defendant did not raise the issue of
termination; rather, the first defendant simply, in his words, “went beyond”
this issue to discuss instead the sale of the Vessel. There is also evidence
that the first defendant was aware of these alleged breaches, and that he was
unhappy with AMG’s alleged mismanagement from around 2015, 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

NE 25/3/2021 at p 104, lines 9-–12; NE 25/3/2021 at p 112.

and yet no action was taken to terminate the SMA. If the alleged breaches are
as consequential as the defendants now make them out to be, why did they not
take action on them all these years?

(2) The failure to sell the Vessel

58 I also find that the fact that the Vessel has not been sold is not due to
oppressive acts by AMG and/or ANHINC. First, there is no evidence that the
plaintiff, AMG and/or ANHINC prevented or delayed such a sale. When the Vessel
was not chartered and inspections were possible, AMG facilitated such
inspections. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

NE 25/3/2021 at p 50.

There were prospective buyers with tentative offers in 2019. The fact that no
sale materialised could not be attributed to any oppression by ANHINC or the
plaintiff. As the first defendant has acknowledged, one prospective buyer made
an offer for US$1.9m made in December 2019, but lost interest thereafter. The
prospective buyer did not request an inspection, 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

NE 25/3/2021 at pp 51–52; BAEIC at p 218.

so it could not be said that ANHINC and/or AMG had prevented any inspection
from taking place. Bill Wong testified that his approach was that if the
Vessel were chartered, in the absence of a firm offer, he would not jeopardise
a charter which had contractual obligations attached, to satisfy a prospective
buyer whose purchase may not materialise. This cannot be said to be a decision
that was against the interest of AVI, or in any way oppressive to the second
defendant.

59 Second, the evidence is that for the offers that were closer to
materialising, there was commercial reason for AVI not to sell at that price,
even if the offers became firm. For the offer in 2019, where the tentative
offer was US$1.9m, the price was not sufficient to clear all the debts of AVI.
I accepted Bill Wong’s evidence that it would be in neither ANHINC’s nor the
second defendant’s interests to force a sale that would still leave
outstanding debt to AVI’s creditors. Again, his assessment cannot be said to
be against the interest of AVI or in any way oppressive to the second
defendant.

60 Neither could it be said that it was oppressive of ANHINC to continue with
the Vessel’s operation when the operating expenses were above US$3,000 per
day. The shareholders of AVI agreed to make contributions to AVI of US$135,000
each on a quarterly basis, on the budget estimation of US$3,000 per day of
operating expenses, to fund the running of the Vessel. Since the operating
expenses were higher than expected, the defendants submitted that Vessel
should have been sold to discontinue the loss-making venture of AVI. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

Defendant’s Reply Submissions at paras 50–52.

However, this issue is not material as I have found that AHNINC and AMG did
not obstruct any attempts to sell the Vessel. The fact that the Vessel was not
sold could not be attributed to any oppression by AHNINC and AMG.

61 In any event, the defendant accepted that the actual operating expenses
amounted to US$3,591.52 per day, 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

Defendant’s Reply Submissions at para 51.

which is not far off from the budgeted figure of US$3,000 per day. Further, as
Bill Wong has attested, which I accept, the operating expenses figure
discussed here was ultimately an estimate, and much depended on the actual
operation of the Vessel. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

NE 25/03/2021 at pp 40–41.

The figure of US$3,000 of operating expenses per day was made on the premise
of 100% utilisation. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

NE 24/03/2021 at pp 73, 107; CB at p 73.

The actual expenses would likely exceed this amount where there was no 100%
utilisation, and the operating expenses of similar vessels in the market were
in the region of US$4,500 and above. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

CB at p 1206.

I therefore find that the actual operating expenses of the Vessel were within
a reasonable range, such that the continued operation of the Vessel was not
oppressive to the defendants.

62 Third, that the Bank could have enforced the security by selling the Vessel
to re-pay the loan does not assist the defendants’ case. It is well
established in case law (see KPMG v Pawley at [103]) that a surety has no
right to require the creditor to proceed against the principal or any security
provided for the debt guaranteed before proceeding against himself.

Conclusion

63 The defendants essentially seek to resist the plaintiff’s claim for
contribution on the grounds that it is inequitable for the plaintiff to do so.
However, having assessed the overall evidence, I do not find that it is
inequitable for the plaintiff to seek contribution from the defendants. The
defendants allege that the mismanagement by AMG has caused the Vessel to bring
in poor returns. However, they do not deny that the Vessel has brought in
returns of about US$2.15m, which has contributed to the repayment of the
US$8.4m loan. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

NE 24/3/2021 at p 46, lines 13-–18; BAEIC at p 637 at Row D.

This has reduced the contributions needed by the second defendant, as
shareholders of AVI, to keep the loan afloat, and reduced the potential
liability of the first defendant as a co-guarantor. Moreover, it is undisputed
that such returns were generated through AMG’s management of the Vessel, and
that AVI owed management fees to AMG to the tune of $915,512 as of 30
September 2020. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

BAEIC at p 637 at Row I=E+F+G+H.

For all the litany of complaints that the defendants have regarding AVI, AMG,
ANHINC and the plaintiff, which according to the first defendant started since
2015, the defendants have never brought any action against AVI for minority
shareholder oppression, nor did they actively seek to have the board of AVI
deal with the alleged breaches of AMG or terminate the SMA with AMG.

64 In conclusion, I find that the plaintiff is entitled to its claim for:

(a) a declaration that the defendants are jointly and severally liable to
contribute to the amounts paid or to be paid by the plaintiff under the
Guarantees;

(b) the sum of US$510.946,55 or severally the sum of US$255,473.28 being
rateably the defendants’ proportion of the sums due under their respective
Guarantees; and

(c) interest at 5.33% per annum from each of the three payments due dates set
out in [12] of the Statement of Claim (ie 31 May 2019, 30 August 2019 and 29
November 2019) until the date of judgment pursuant to s 12(1) of the Civil Law
Act.

65 I will hear the parties on costs.

Kwek Mean Luck  
Judicial Commissioner |   
---|---  
  
Yoga Sharmini, Subashini N, Peh Kai Sen Eli (Haridass Ho & Partners) for the
plaintiff;

Mathiew Christophe Rajoo, Tharanii Thiyagarajan (Dennismathiew) for the
defendants.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 29 Jun 2021 (17:13 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

