Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC 86

Originating Summons No 425 of 2020 (Summons No 3963 of 2020)

In the matter of Sections 227B and 227R of the Companies Act (Cap 50)HTL
International Holdings Pte Ltd  
---  
  
… Applicant

grounds of decision

[Companies] — [Receiver and manager] — [Judicial management order] —
[Protection of interests of creditors and members] — [Unfair prejudice]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Re HTL International Holdings Pte Ltd

[2021] SGHC 86

General Division of the High Court — Originating Summons No 425 of 2020
(Summons No 3963 of 2020)  
Aedit Abdullah J  
9, 24 November 2020

15 April 2021

Aedit Abdullah J:

Introduction

1 The issue here concerned when the court should, under s 227R of the
Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) (“CA”), now s 115 of the Insolvency,
Restructuring and Dissolution Act 2018 (Act 40 of 2018) (“IRDA”), intervene in
and displace the decision and discretion exercised by judicial managers
(“JMs”) in choosing to sell assets of a company to one party rather than
another. On the facts, there was nothing showing that the decision of the JMs
was plainly wrongful, conspicuously unfair or perverse. Thus, it could not be
said that the JMs’ decision was unfairly prejudicial to the shareholders of
the company. The application to set aside the JMs’ decision was therefore
refused.

Background Facts

2 HTL International Holdings Pte Ltd (the “Company”), a holding company of a
group of corporations involved in the furniture trade (the “HTL Group”), 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents Volume 1 (“ABOD-1”), Tab 4, 1st Affidavit of Liu
Zhuangchao dated 1 July 2020 (“LZC-1”) at paras 9–10.

was initially put into interim judicial management in May 2020, 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

ABOD-1, Tab 1, 1st Affidavit of Andrew Grimmett dated 29 June 2020, exhibiting
the Interim Judicial Managers’ Report (“IJM Report”) at pp 36–37.

and then judicial management in July 2020. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

ABOD-1, Tab 2, 1st Affidavit of Tan Wei Cheong dated 12 August 2020,
exhibiting the Judicial Managers’ Report (“JM Report”) at pp 27–29.

The two persons appointed as interim judicial managers (“IJMs”) previously
continued on as JMs, with the addition of a third JM. The Company’s sole
shareholder, Ideal Homes International Ltd, was in turn wholly owned by Yihua
Lifestyle Technology Co Ltd (collectively, the “Shareholders”). 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents Volume 4 (“ABOD-4”), Tab 22, 3rd Affidavit of Tan
Wei Cheong dated 7 September 2020 (“TWC-3”) at para 5; JM Report at para 1.1.

3 Before the Company was placed under judicial management, the Company wholly
owned 15 subsidiaries and one indirect subsidiary. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

TWC-3 at para 5.

After the interim judicial management order was made, the IJMs, on behalf of
the Company, entered into a share purchase agreement (“SPA”) with Golden Hill
Capital Pte Ltd (“Golden Hill Capital”) on 28 May 2020, under which Golden
Hill Capital would purchase the Company’s interests in its subsidiaries for
US$80m. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

IJM Report at paras 3.19–3.32 and Appendix 2, clause 3.1(a).

To facilitate the transfer of the Company’s shares in all these subsidiaries,
the IJMs carried out an internal restructuring by consolidating the Company’s
overseas subsidiaries under a new wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, HTL
Capital Pte Ltd (“HTLC”). 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

IJM Report at paras 3.58–3.64.

4 After the internal restructuring, the Company owned two subsidiaries: HTLC
and HTL Manufacturing Pte Ltd (“HTLM”). HTLM was the main operating subsidiary
from which most of the revenue in HTL Group was generated. HTLM would contract
with the other subsidiaries in the HTL Group, particularly those in China, for
manufacturing and supplying furniture. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

TWC-3 at para 11.

Post-restructuring, the object was to transfer the Company’s shares in HTLM
and HTLC (collectively, the “Asset”) to Golden Hill Capital on the completion
date. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

IJM Report at para 3.48.

5 Subsequently, on 19 August 2020, there was an offer from Man Wah Holdings
Ltd (“Man Wah”) to purchase the Asset (“Man Wah’s 19 August Offer”). 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

TWC-3 at paras 60–63.

Man Wah subsequently clarified its offer via an email dated 20 August 2020
(“Man Wah’s 20 August Clarification”). 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

ABOD-4, Tab 21, 2nd Affidavit of Tan Wei Cheong dated 21 August 2020 (“TWC-2”)
at pp 28–32.

6 On 24 August 2020, the JMs invited Golden Hill Capital and Man Wah to
provide “anything further” it wished to communicate in relation to their
offers by 26 August 2020. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

TWC-3 at para 73 and pp 204–205.

Upon Man Wah’s request, the JMs pushed back this deadline to 31 August 2020.
13

##### Foot Note 13

×

TWC-3 at para 73 and p 197.

Golden Hill Capital and Man Wah submitted their final, revised offers by that
deadline, 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

TWC-3 at para 75.

and the JMs sold the Asset to Golden Hill Capital on 7 September 2020. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

TWC-3 at para 112.

7 As Man Wah was the Shareholders’ preferred buyer, the Shareholders brought
this application to set aside the sale of the Asset to Golden Hill Capital,
and to direct the JMs to accept Man Wah’s offer. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents Volume 4 (“ABOD-3”), Tab 10, Summons No. 3963 of
2020 dated 14 September 2020.

Man Wah had an interest in the outcome, but remained off the stage as it had
no standing.

Golden Hill Capital and its offer on 31 August 2020

8 The final offer from Golden Hill Capital on 31 August 2020 (“Golden Hill
Capital’s Final Offer”) was US$100m, with an additional US$20m in working
capital and a further draw down of the remaining US$3m under a bridging loan
provided by Mr Phua Yong Tat. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

TWC-3, exhibiting Golden Hill’s letter dated 31 August 2020 at p 208.

9 Golden Hill Capital was linked to the original founders of HTL Group, Mr
Phua Yong Tat and Mr Phua Yong Pin (the “Phua Brothers”). 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

ABOD-3, Tab 19, 2nd Affidavit of Phua Yong Tat dated 17 August 2020 (“PYT-2”)
at paras 4 and 10.

HTLM’s debts were assigned to Golden Hill Investments, an entity related to Mr
Phua Yong Tat, Mr Phua Yong Pin and Golden Hill Capital (the “Phua Group”). 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

TWC-3 at para 16.

Consequently, Golden Hill Investments became the largest external creditor of
the Company and HTLM. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

TWC-3 at para 16.

Mr Phua Yong Tat himself also became the Company’s second largest external
creditor as he extended bridging loans to the Company when it was in interim
judicial management. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

TWC-3 at para 17.

Man Wah and its offer on 31 August 2020

10 Man Wah’s offer dated 31 August 2020 (“Man Wah’s 31 August Offer”) was to
purchase the Asset for US$100m, 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

TWC-3, exhibiting Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP’s letter dated 31 August 2020 at
pp 210-212, para 2.

with a promise of US$10m more than the offer from the Phua Group. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

TWC-3, exhibiting Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP’s letter dated 31 August 2020 at
pp 210-212, para 8.2.

This was coupled with the provision of US$20m in post-completion working
capital, 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

TWC-3, exhibiting Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP’s letter dated 31 August 2020 at
pp 210-212, para 4.

and an interest-free US$20m interim credit facility that would be set off
against the consideration payable. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

TWC-3, exhibiting Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP’s letter dated 31 August 2020 at
pp 210-212, para 7.1.

11 However, the JMs assessed that the accounts of HTL Group would be
qualified, 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

TWC-3 at paras 96–99.

and on this basis obtained legal advice from Hong Kong counsel that Man Wah
might require two to six months to complete the acquisition due to the need to
convene a general meeting and comply with Hong Kong’s listing rules. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

TWC-2, exhibiting Simmons & Simmons’ letter dated 20 August 2020 at p 39,
paras 3.1–3.3.

Man Wah’s transaction lawyers acknowledged that completion could take up to
two months if a shareholders’ meeting was required, 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

TWC-2, exhibiting Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP’s email dated 20 August 2020 at
p 31.

while the Shareholders’ Hong Kong solicitors opined that it would take 91 days
to complete. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

ABOD-3, Tab 15, 3rd Affidavit of Liu Zhuangchao filed under the cover of the
3rd Affidavit of Sim Ling, Renee dated 23 October 2020 (“LZC-3”) at paras
19–21.

Man Wah’s revised offer on 8 September 2020

12 After the JMs informed the court on 7 September 2020 that they decided to
proceed with Golden Hill Capital’s Final Offer, Man Wah conveyed a further
improved offer on 8 September 2020 (“Man Wah’s September Offer”). In this
revised offer, Man Wah also informed the JMs that there was a high chance that
the acquisition would not be subject to its shareholders’ approval. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

LZC-2, exhibiting Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP’s email dated 8 September 2020
at p 67, para 6.

Previous disputes between the Shareholders and the Phua Group

13 There was a previous dispute between the Phua Brothers and the
Shareholders, involving the Phua Brothers’ attempt to complete a management
buyout of the HTL Group from the Shareholders, 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

LZC-1 at paras 14–18.

and allegations that the Phua Brothers engineered the insolvency of the HTL
Group to purchase the Asset at an undervalue. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

LZC-1 at para 32.

However, this was not directly material to the present proceedings.

14 An application had previously been made by the Shareholders in July 2020
for the court to direct the approach of the JMs in dealing with the offer from
Golden Hill Capital. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

ABOD-1, Tab 3, Summons No. 2583 of 2020 dated 1 July 2020; LZC-1 at paras
33–59.

It was argued that the JMs, when acting as IJMs previously, unfairly
prejudiced the Shareholders by selling assets at an undervalue to the Phua
Brothers and prioritising the interests of the Phua Brothers at the expense of
the Company, its creditor and the Shareholders. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

LZC-1 at paras 54–57 and 68.

This application was dismissed. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents Volume 2 (“ABOD-2”), Tab 9, Order of Court No. 3858
of 2020 dated 13 July 2020.

Summary of the Shareholders’ Arguments

15 The Shareholders sought an order declaring that the sale of the Asset to
Golden Hill Capital was null and void, a direction requiring the JMs to accept
the offer from Man Wah, as well as an order to restrain the JMs from
proceeding with any steps to wind up the company. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

ABOD-3, Tab 10, Summons No. 3963 of 2020 dated 14 September 2020.

16 In interpreting the term “unfairly prejudicial” in s 227R CA, the
Shareholders cited In re Meem SL Ltd (in administration); Goel and another v
Grant and others [2018] Bus LR 393 (“In re Meem”) for the proposition that
unfair harm can arise from a decision to sell at an undervalue. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Shareholders’ Written Submissions dated 2 November 2020 (“SWS”) at para 10(2).

On the facts, the sale to Golden Hill Capital could not be justified as the
shareholder returns from the sale to Man Wah was much superior. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

SWS at para 11.

It was also argued that the JMs’ general conduct lacked transparency, was
unfair to the Shareholders, and was thus perverse. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

SWS at paras 12 and 53.

Summary of the JMs’ Arguments

17 The JMs defended their decision to sell to Golden Hill Capital, as one that
would ensure full payment to all creditors with shareholder returns that was
not negligible, and in fact, even greater than the returns under Man Wah’s 31
August Offer. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Judicial Managers’ Written Submissions dated 2 November 2020 (“JMWS”) at paras
3 and 95.

The JMs made this commercial decision fairly and in good faith. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

JMWS at paras 5-6 and 31.

18 Relying on English cases to interpret s 227R CA, it was submitted that
courts should not intervene in a decision by JMs (or their English equivalent,
administrators) unless the decision was wrong in law, conspicuously unfair or
one that did not withstand logical analysis. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

JMWS at paras 52-53, 56a and 57d.

Clear, wrongful conduct by the JMs was required. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

JMWS at paras 51 and 57d.

Various English decisions including Re Charnley Davies Ltd (No 2) [1990] BCLC
760 (“Re Charnley Davies”), In re Meem and Lehman Bros Australia Ltd v
MacNamara and others [2020] 3 WLR 147 (“Lehman Bros”) were cited. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

JMWS at paras 49, 53 and 54.

19 On the facts, the JMs emphasised that Man Wah had no standing, and could
not complain about any alleged unfairness. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

JMWS at paras 58-59.

The Shareholders also could not rely on such a complaint as a basis for
obtaining the orders they sought. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

JMWS at para 59.

In any event, the JMs acted fairly to Man Wah. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

JMWS at paras 60-61.

The consideration of the sale was done fairly to the Shareholders too. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

JMWS at para 112.

In particular, the JMs took into account the potential shareholder returns and
the time to complete each deal, and found that Man Wah’s 31 August Offer was
less attractive as it could only be completed after two to six months, 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

JMWS at paras 77 and 110b.

and the returns was not greater or better than what the Shareholders would
receive under Golden Hill Capital’s Final Offer. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

JMWS at paras 95-96 and 110c.

Further, Man Wah’s 31 August Offer also required the Company to take on
additional liabilities, which was to draw down the US$20m interim financing
offered by Man Wah. This may result in a lower return for the Shareholders. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

JMWS at para 110c.

As the transaction with Golden Hill Capital was more certain and could be
completed quickly, 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

JMWS at paras 78, 110a and 110e.

the JMs acted justifiably in choosing Golden Hill Capital’s Final Offer given
the risk of the subsidiaries collapsing without a deal in the months it would
take to complete the sale to Man Wah. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

JMWS at para 110d.

Summary of Golden Hill Capital’s arguments

20 Golden Hill Capital argued that it was they who had cause to complain since
the completion of the SPA was delayed because of the Shareholders’ demands,
which the JMs tried to accommodate. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Phua Group’s Written Submissions dated 3 November 2020 (“PGWS”) at paras 32
and 37.

The Shareholders could not be unfairly prejudiced as the JMs acceded to Man
Wah’s requests for time extensions and repeatedly allowed Man Wah, the
Shareholders’ preferred buyer, to put in multiple revised offers. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

PGWS at para 40.

A previous application on similar grounds failed. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

PGWS at paras 33–34.

Golden Hill Capital’s Final Offer was not inadequate, 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

PGWS at paras 41–46.

and in fact, there had been a turnaround in HTL Group’s finances since the
Phua Group made their investment. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

PGWS at para 50.

Furthermore, s 227R(2) CA would typically provide forward-looking remedies
that regulate present or future conduct rather than past transactions, 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

PGWS at paras 56 and 59.

and court orders under s 227R CA should only be made against the JMs instead
of third parties such as Golden Hill Capital and the Phua Brothers. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

PGWS at para 58.

The decision

21 I concluded that it was not made out that the JMs had been conducting the
affairs of the company in a manner that was unfairly prejudicial to the
interests of the creditors or members generally, or some part thereof. Great
leeway ought to be given to JMs to exercise their commercial judgment, which
should only be impugned upon evidence of exceptional circumstances, such as
plainly wrongful conduct, or conduct that was conspicuously unfair, or
perverse.

22 In the present case, the JMs were justified in assessing that Golden Hill
Capital’s Final Offer promised greater shareholder returns. Even if the price
obtained was not the best, as noted by the JMs citing Re Charnley Davies at
775, 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

JMWS at para 49.

this on its own would not conclusively establish unfair prejudice.

23 I was satisfied that given the circumstances, particularly the need for a
swift injection of funds in light of the subsidiaries’ precarious financial
position, the JMs made a decision in the exercise of their commercial judgment
which did not show any perverse, conspicuously unfair or plainly wrongful
conduct.

24 The JMs also fairly evaluated both offers. It did not lie in the mouth of
the Shareholders to complain that the JMs should have asked Man Wah to clarify
the scope of their offer by way of a meeting. Given the commercial pressures,
the onus lay on the offeror to be clear, and if they were not clear, the JMs
could not be faulted for going ahead with what they considered was the more
appropriate offer. Nor was there any other misconduct by the JMs that would
justify an order being made under s 227R CA. The application in Summons 3963
was thus dismissed.

Analysis

The operation of s 227R CA

25 The Shareholders’ application in Summons 3963 was made under s 227R CA,
since the application to put the Company into judicial management was made
before the commencement of IRDA. Sections 115(1)(a) and (b) IRDA are not
materially different from ss 227R(1)(a) and (b) CA.

26 Section 227R CA reads:

Protection of interests of creditors and members

227R.—(1) At any time when a judicial management order is in force, a creditor
or member of the company may apply to the Court for an order under this
section on the ground —

(a) that the company’s affairs, business and property are being or have been
managed by the judicial manager in a manner which is or was unfairly
prejudicial to the interests of its creditors or members generally or of some
part of its creditors or members (including at least himself) or of a single
creditor that represents one quarter in value of the claims against the
company; or

(b) that any actual or proposed act or omission of the judicial manager is or
would be so prejudicial.

(2) On an application for an order under this section, the Court may make such
order as it thinks fit for giving relief in respect of the matters complained
of, or adjourn the hearing conditionally or unconditionally, or make an
interim order or any other order that it thinks fit.

(3) Subject to subsection (4), an order under this section may —

(a) regulate the future management by the judicial manager of the company’s
affairs, business and property;  
  
(b) require the judicial manager to refrain from doing or continuing an act
complained of by the applicant or to do an act which the applicant has
complained he has omitted to do;

(c) require the summoning of a meeting of creditors or members for the purpose
of considering such matters as the Court may direct;

(d) discharge the judicial management order and make such consequential
provision as it thinks fit.

(4) An order under this section shall not prejudice or prevent the
implementation of any composition or scheme approved under section 210 or
211I.

(5) Where the judicial management order is discharged, the judicial manager
shall immediately send to the Registrar a copy of the order effecting the
discharge.

(6) If the judicial manager, without reasonable excuse, fails to comply with
subsection (5) he shall be guilty of an offence and shall be liable on
conviction to a fine not exceeding $5,000 and also to a default penalty.

Unfair prejudice

27 Section 227R CA does not stipulate any specific test beyond unfair
prejudice, and there is no reported decision in Singapore on the scope of s
227R CA.

28 Assistance may be derived from English case law interpreting s 27 UK
Insolvency Act 1986, now paragraph 74 of Schedule B1 of the same Act
(“Paragraph 74”). Both these provisions govern administrators, the English
equivalent to JMs, and are in pari materia to s 227R CA.

29 The applicant for an order under s 227R CA must show the court that there
has been unfair prejudice. That term is not defined further, but the plain
words require that (a) the act complained of has caused prejudice to the
interests of its creditors or members generally or part thereof, and (b) this
prejudice must be “unfair” (see Four Private Investment Funds v Lomas and
others [2009] 1 BCLC 161 (“Four Private Investment Funds”) at [34] and [37]).
There must be something more than bare prejudice. This stands to reason since
most, if not all, commercial decisions of a company in judicial management
will probably cause detriment or prejudice to one or other of the members and
creditors. It will be very rare indeed for a commercial decision in respect of
such a company to be one that is uncontroversial or spares everyone pain and
loss.

30 The process of weighing the costs and benefits of a particular course of
action will inevitably call for loss to be borne more by some than by others.
The resulting decision, even if it has caused unequal or differential
treatment, will not be second-guessed or revisited by the court unless the
pain to the applicant (for an order under s 227R CA) is wholly unrequired, or
the JMs’ decision is one that is not at all commercially justifiable, that is,
the pain caused to one is out of whack with the reward to others. In the
process of weighing costs and benefits, the JM is justified in weighing the
interests of creditors more than that of the members or shareholders.

31 Apart from unequal or differential treatment, unfair prejudice can also
arise in situations where the JM’s unfair conduct has affected everyone within
a class. A sale at an undervalue will prejudice all creditors, and can
constitute unfair prejudice if the decision to sell that asset is not logical
(ie, perverse). However, a sale at undervalue alone will not necessarily show
any perversity, and the court will not generally look behind the JM’s
determination, unless there is something particularly lacking on the surface.

32 As a general rule, the court will not interfere with the decisions of the
JM unless it is shown that the JM has committed plainly wrongful conduct, has
been conspicuously unfair or has been perverse (see Four Private Investment
Funds at [48]; BLV Realty Organization Ltd & Anor v Batten & Ors [2009] EWHC
2994 (Ch) (“BLV Realty”) at [22]; In re Meem ([16] supra) at 407).

33 Thus, the court will not normally second-guess the commercial decisions of
the JMs. This position flows from English case law.

Guidance from English case law

34 English courts, as argued by the JMs, 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

JMWS at para 57a.

take a restrictive approach in reviewing the decisions made by administrators,
the English equivalent to JMs.

35 Various English decisions exemplify the reluctance of the courts to second-
guess the decision of JMs. In Re Charnley Davies ([18] supra) at 775, it was
held that an administrator has no duty to obtain the best possible price, but
only to take reasonable care to obtain the best price that circumstances, as
the administrator reasonably perceived them to be, permitted. An administrator
is not liable simply because his perception was wrong, unless it was
unreasonable. In re Meem at 405 noted that courts only interfere with a
liquidator’s decision if it is “so utterly unreasonable and absurd that no
reasonable man would have done it, simply by selling an asset of the company
without taking into account the possibility that a third party might well have
made a better offer”, and that the threshold to interfere with an
administrator’s decision regarding the sale of an asset is at least as high as
it is in the case of a liquidator since administrators are appointed to
achieve speedy results. Blackburne J in Four Private Investment Funds at
[47]–[48] noted that management of the company is vested in the administrator
and therefore the administrator must be given a wide measure of latitude.

36 There was, however, a rare example of intervention by the English courts in
Lehman Bros Australia ([18] supra), as noted by the JMs here. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

JMWS at para 54.

Notably, what was at issue there was the JMs’ refusal to correct an admitted
clerical error (at [17]). Given the uncontroversial and obvious nature of that
clerical error, it is not surprising that the court intervened when the JMs
were unable to put forward legitimate reasons for their refusal to correct
that error (at [95]). In the face of such an obvious clerical mistake, the
court will normally intervene if the JMs refuse to remedy it, unless some form
of prejudice will result from the court’s intervention.

37 In exercising their powers, JMs may have to treat the applicant (for an
order under s 227R CA) less favourably than others. Unequal or differential
treatment to the disadvantage of the applicant may prejudice the applicant,
but this prejudice will not be “unfair” unless there is no cogent rational
explanation for the different treatment (BLV Realty at [22]), or the
differential treatment to the prejudice of the applicant cannot be justified
by reference to the interests of the creditors and members as a whole, or to
achieving the statutory objective of judicial management (see In re Meem at
407).

38 The Shareholders relied on the decision in In re Meem at 404 as authority
that unfairness can result from unfair conduct affecting everyone within a
class, and is not limited to unequal treatment. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

SWS at para 10.

Apart from that, In re Meem, which interpreted Paragraph 74, also stands for
the proposition that if there is no differential treatment, the court will not
interfere unless the decision is not logical, and this is taken to be the same
as perversity (In re Meem at 407). A sale at undervalue will cause harm to all
creditors, and can fall within the concept of “unfair harm” within the meaning
of Paragraph 74 (In re Meem at 407). 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

SWS at para 10.

39 In any event, the Shareholders’ position did not appear to differ
significantly from that of the JMs on the law. I did not consider that In re
Meem stands for a proposition that contradicts the other English cases
considered. What the Shareholders were relying on was the fact that unfairness
need not result from differential treatment. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

SWS at para 10.

I did not think there could be much taken against that proposition. Hockin and
others v Masden and another [2014] 2 BCLC 531 at [19]–[20] and Lehman Bros at
[83] also echo this position when interpreting “unfair harm” under Paragraph
74. It is certainly possible that a sale at an undervalue may indicate
perversity, if there is nothing to justify such loss being caused. However,
this proposition must also be taken alongside the position that: (a) a sale at
undervalue alone will not necessarily show any perversity, and (b) the court
will not generally look behind the JM’s determination, unless there is
something particularly lacking on the surface. This flows from the need to
give a wide measure of latitude to the JM, as emphasised in In re Meem at 405
itself (in the context of administrators).

Guidance from local materials

40 Indeed, it is the JMs who need to exercise their business acumen and rely
on their business experience in their attempt to achieve the objectives laid
down by statute. During the Third Reading of the Companies (Amendment) Bill,
the Minister for Finance said (Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official
Report (26 March 1987) vol 49 at cols 1194–1195 (Richard Hu Tsu Tau, Minister
for Finance)):

The Member for Whampoa has also asked why are companies and their directors
not allowed to nominate anyone other than approved auditors whereas the Court
and the Minister have such discretion. This is because we have to be very
careful that people who are nominated to be judicial managers have the
qualifications, knowledge and expertise to do the job properly, and we believe
that approved auditors will normally have these necessary qualifications. …

Hence, restrictions have been imposed on the appointment of JMs, and those
that meet the criteria are deemed by Parliament to have the requisite
qualifications, knowledge and expertise to undertake this role. Since
Parliament trusts that an appointed JM will possess the necessary skills and
experience for the job, the courts should give JMs a wide discretion to employ
their skills and expertise in attempting to resuscitate the company.

41 While exercising this wide discretion, JMs will be justified in weighing
the interests of creditors more than those of the members or shareholders.
Previous cases held that the greater the concern over a company’s financial
health, the more weight the directors must accord to the interests of
creditors over those of the shareholders (Parakou Shipping Pte Ltd (in
liquidation) v Liu Cheng Chan and others [2017] SGHC 15 at [62], citing
Dynasty Line Ltd (in liquidation) v Sukamto Sia and another and another appeal
[2014] 3 SLR 277 at [34]). This principle should also apply when the company
had been put into judicial management and the JMs had displaced the directors
in managing the company’s affairs. Indeed, in a company that is insolvent or
perilously close to being insolvent, creditors’ interests should come to the
fore because in a practical sense, it will be the creditors’ assets and not
the shareholders’ assets that, through the medium of the company, will be
under the management of the JM (see Liquidators of Progen Engineering Pte Ltd
v Progen Holdings Ltd [2010] 4 SLR 1089 at [50] and [52]). If anything, as
between creditors and shareholders, it would have been incumbent on the latter
to take action earlier to avoid judicial management in the first place.

42 It was argued by Golden Hill Capital that the court’s powers under s 227R
CA are only forward-looking. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

PGWS at paras 56 and 59.

I could not see that the court’s powers are so circumscribed under this
section. Section 227R(1)(a) CA speaks of the company’s affairs “being or have
been managed” by the JMs in a manner which “is or was unfairly prejudicial”,
while s 227R(1)(b) CA refers to a “proposed act or omission” by the JMs which
would be so prejudicial. Clearly, the language in s 227R(1) CA is wide enough
to cover past, present and proposed acts (or omissions). As for the orders
that may be made by the court, s 227R(2) CA is very broad, specifying that the
court can make such order as it thinks fit. Subsection (3) includes various
possible orders, and while subsection (3)(a) specifies that the orders may
regulate the future management, it does not follow that the orders are in fact
so restricted. The language of subsection (3) is permissive and inclusive: it
does not purport to lay down a closed list. The only restriction is under
subsection (4), which ensures that any order made will not prevent or
prejudice the implementation of a scheme under ss 210 or 211I of the CA. There
was no such prejudice here.

The court’s determination of the legal rule

43 In sum, the formulation of the appropriate rule is that which was argued
for by the JMs. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

JMWS at para 57d.

The court will not interfere with a decision of the JM unless it can be shown
that the JMs has committed plainly wrongful conduct, has been conspicuously
unfair or has been perverse. The various alternative phrases in use do not add
to or detract from this formulation.

Application to the Facts

44 Turning to the facts, the Shareholders focused primarily on the point that
the sale to Golden Hill Capital could not be justified as the Man Wah
alternative was superior. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

SWS at paras 11 and paras 13–25.

The JMs’ conduct also lacked transparency and was unfair to the Shareholders.
70

##### Foot Note 70

×

SWS at paras 12 and 53.

For instance, the JMs were intent on choosing an offer from Golden Hill
Capital regardless of what Man Wah’s offer might be, the JMs did not seek to
clarify Man Wah’s offer, 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

SWS at paras 53(2) and 53(3).

and court approval concerning their decision to sell to Golden Hill Capital
was absent. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

SWS at para 53(4).

Further, the JMs’ failure to accede to Man Wah’s numerous requests for the
latest financial statements deprived the Company of the chance of being
offered a more attractive credit facility from Man Wah. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

SWS at paras 55 and 62.

45 In response, the JMs argued that Man Wah’s 31 August Offer was not in fact
more attractive in terms of shareholder returns, 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

JMWS at para 95.

and that they had dealt fairly with Man Wah. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

JMWS at paras 58-59.

It was emphasised that there was great urgency in completing the sale as the
Company was in a dire financial situation and its key manufacturing
subsidiaries were at risk of collapse. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

JMWS at paras 16–17, 44f, 77 and 110d.

While the Man Wah deal required more time for completion, 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

JMWS at paras 35–37 and 110b.

Golden Hill Capital’s Final Offer provided greater certainty and could be
completed quickly because there was already a contractually binding SPA in
place. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

JMWS at paras 78, 110a and 110e.

46 The issues that needed to be confronted in dealing with the application
were thus:

(a) whether the JMs’ decision to prefer a sale to Golden Hill Capital instead
of Man Wah caused prejudice to the Shareholders in terms of diminished
shareholder returns; and

(b) whether the prejudice caused to the Shareholders (if any) was unfair, and
in this regard, the following sub-issues had to be addressed:

(i) the urgency of the sale and time taken to complete the acquisition; and

(ii) whether there was fair consideration of the competing offers.

47 In terms of shareholder returns, I found that the JMs had good reasons to
find that Golden Hill Capital’s Final Offer was at the least comparable or
equal to Man Wah’s 31 August Offer, if not better. In any event, there was
nothing plainly wrongful, conspicuously unfair or perverse in the JMs’
decision to sell the Asset to Golden Hill Capital. The sale was in the
interests of the creditors and shareholders as a whole, especially given the
circumstances, such as the pressures coming up against the subsidiaries and
the limited time available. I also determined that the JMs had fairly
considered the competing offers from Man Wah and Golden Hill Capital.

Shareholder returns

48 The Shareholders relied on expert evidence and argued that Man Wah’s 31
August Offer promised superior shareholder returns. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

SWS at para 11.

The return on Man Wah’s 31 August Offer was US$59.8m while the return on
Golden Hill Capital’s final offer was only US$46.8m. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

SWS at para 18(6).

The JMs were wrong in assessing that the return under Man Wah’s 31 August
Offer was only US$39.8m. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

SWS at para 18(5).

49 In particular, the Shareholders raised two main issues concerning the JMs’
assessment of shareholder returns:

(a) whether the US$20m interim credit facility under Man Wah’s 31 August Offer
would be depleted during the two to six months pending completion; and

(b) whether the US$20m that the Company loaned to HTLM, upon receiving Man
Wah’s credit facility, would be waived.

50 I found that the JMs’ assessment was justified for both issues, and
accordingly, the JMs had good grounds to find that Golden Hill Capital’s Final
Offer was at the least comparable or equal to Man Wah’s 31 August Offer, if
not better.

(1) Whether the full US$20m interim financing would be drawn down

51 The Shareholders argued that the JMs could not assume that the full US$20m
interest-free credit facility in Man Wah’s 31 August Offer would be depleted
during the two to six months pending completion. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

SWS at para 18(2).

In response, the JMs argued that based on past cashflow forecasts and the
parlous financial state of the Chinese subsidiaries, it was very likely that
the US$20m interim financing would be drawn down in the two to six months
prior to completion. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

JMWS at paras 96 and 98–100.

52 I accepted the JMs’ submissions on this point. As will be elaborated upon
subsequently at [73], the estimate that Man Wah would take two to six months
to acquire the Asset was justifiable. In light of the subsidiaries’ financial
distress (see [67(a)] below), the JMs were entitled to assume that Man Wah’s
US$20m credit facility would be completely drawn down by the Company in the
two to six months pending completion. This was also consistent with HTL
Group’s 2020 cashflow forecast, which revealed that HTL Group’s average
monthly fixed cost was approximately US$5m and its average monthly variable
cost was roughly US$13m. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

ABOD-2, Tab 8, 2nd Affidavit of Chew Kwang Yong dated 13 July 2020 at para 46.

(2) Whether the Waiver applied to the US$20m loan from the Company to HTLM

53 I accepted the JMs’ evidence that if Man Wah loaned the US$20m interim
financing to the Company, the Company would loan the US$20m to HTLM, which
would in turn transfer the same to the subsidiaries based in China. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

ABOD-3, Tab 13, 6th Affidavit of Tan Wei Cheong dated 9 October 2020 (“TWC-6”)
at para 41.

It was not disputed that the Company would be loaning the US$20m it received
to its subsidiaries for their operational needs pending completion. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

JMWS at para 105; SWS at para 18(5).

54 However, parties differed on the issue of whether this US$20m loan between
the Company and HTLM would be waived, such that HTLM did not need to repay the
Company the same. The JMs took the view that this debt was discharged because
Man Wah had agreed to waive all indebtedness owed between the Company and HTLM
(the “Waiver”), including this US$20m loan, as a precondition to completion.
87

##### Foot Note 87

×

JMWS at paras 105-107.

On the other hand, the Shareholders argued that the US$20m loan from the
Company to HTLM would not be waived, and accordingly, the US$20m loan would be
refunded to the Company, and the Company’s cash reserves would return to
US$110m, ie, the original consideration under Man Wah’s 31 August Offer. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

SWS at paras 18(5) and 20-22.

55 I was not, however, persuaded by the Shareholders’ arguments, and preferred
the arguments of the JMs. From the documents and the history of the
discussions between the Company and Golden Hill Capital on the one hand and
the JMs and Man Wah on the other, it was clear that the Waiver would apply to
the US$20m loan from the Company to HTLM.

56 The Waiver was first mentioned in Clause 4.1(d) of the SPA between Golden
Hill Capital and the Company, which were the purchaser and vendor
respectively: 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

IJM Report at paras 3.19–3.32 and Appendix 2, clause 4.1(d).

4.1 Conditions Precedent

Completion of the sale and purchase of the [Asset] is conditional upon the
following (unless waived by the Party expressed herein to be entitled to do
so):

…

(d) the Vendor having received a deed executed by and between the Vendor and
HTL Manufacturing Pte Ltd which provides for the irrevocable and unconditional
release, discharge and waiver of all loans, indebtedness and/or other
liabilities owed between them (whether by or to).

57 This Waiver was not included in Man Wah’s 19 August Offer, but when the JMs
sought clarification in respect of its offer, Man Wah mentioned the Waiver in
its 20 August Clarification: 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

TWC-2, exhibiting Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP’s email dated 20 August 2020 at
p 29, para 1a.

… Similar to the offer by the Phuas, [Man Wah] is also willing to agree to the
release, discharge and waiver of all loans, indebtedness or other liabilities
owed between HTLI and HTLM (the “Waiver”) as a condition precedent to the
completion of the Acquisition. We understand from paragraph 3.57 of the
Interim Judicial Managers’ Report dated 29 June 2020 that the JMs have been
working on a deed to be executed by HTLI and HTLM to implement the Waiver and
we would be grateful if you could extend a copy of the same to us.

58 In its letter dated 31 August 2020, Man Wah revised its offer and expressed
that it was prepared to offer an interest-free US$20m interim credit facility
to the Company: 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

TWC-3, exhibiting Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP’s letter dated 31 August 2020 at
p 211, para 7.1.

…[O]ur client is prepared to offer an interest-free US$20 million interim
credit facility to HTLI to support the Target Group’s business prior to
Completion. Any amount disbursed will be set off against the Consideration
payable on Completion…

It was evident that Man Wah contemplated that the Company would channel the
US$20m to the subsidiaries within the group for their business operations
pending completion.

59 Notably, Man Wah’s 31 August Offer was provided in response to the JMs’
invitation on 24 August 2020 to put forward “anything further” it wished to
communicate with respect to its offer. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

TWC-3, exhibiting PRP Law LLC’s email dated 24 August 2020 at p 204.

In such circumstances, Man Wah’s 31 August Offer must be read together with
Man Wah’s 19 August Offer, accompanied with its 20 August Clarification. It
followed that the JMs were justified in comprehending that the US$20m loan
from the Company to its subsidiaries, as contemplated in its 31 August offer,
would also be subject to the Waiver expressed in Man Wah’s 20 August
Clarification. Had this not been Man Wah’s intention, Man Wah would have
expressly stated that it would not waive the US$20m loan from the Company to
HTLM, especially since it was allegedly an advantageous feature in its favour,
the JMs had indicated to Man Wah that they would be making a decision upon
receipt of Man Wah’s revised offer, 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

TWC-3, exhibiting PRP Law LLC’s email dated 24 August 2020 at p 204.

and Man Wah clearly knew there was stiff competition between Man Wah and
Golden Hill Capital.

60 Therefore, it was reasonable for the JMs to proceed on the basis that the
Company’s US$20m loan to its subsidiaries would be waived. In which case, the
full US$20m credit facility from Man Wah would be offset against Man Wah’s
consideration, and due to the Waiver, this US$20m would not flowing back to
the Company from HTLM. The JMs were thus justified in assessing that
shareholder returns would be less under the Man Wah deal.

61 I noted that the Shareholders also relied on the evidence of their
financial expert to contend that the offer made by Man Wah was more
advantageous. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

SWS at para 19; ABOD-3, Tab 11, 2nd Affidavit of Adeline Ng Cheah Chen dated
14 September 2020 (“ANCC-2”); ABOD-3, Tab 16, 3rd Affidavit of Adeline Ng
Cheah Chen dated 24 October 2020 (“ANCC-3”).

Regarding the core question of whether Man Wah’s 31 August Offer was better by
virtue of the US$20m interim financing, the expert’s conclusion that it was,
ran into the substantive difficulty that the interim financing was in fact to
be spent and was not recoverable because of the operation of the Waiver. The
expert seemed to have concluded that this interim financing would be repaid by
its subsidiaries, 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

ANCC-2 at p 15.

but this was not the case because as set out above at [59], the Waiver did
apply to the US$20m loan between the Company and HTLM. As noted by the JMs, 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

TWC-6 at para 37; ANCC-2 at p 19.

it might be that the Shareholders’ expert came to a different conclusion
because she was hampered by the limited documents that appeared to have been
given to her. In particular, she did not seem to have sight of Man Wah’s 20
August Clarification. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

ANCC-2 at p 19.

62 While the expert subsequently attempted to cast some doubt on whether the
Waiver would apply to this US$20m, 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

ANCC-3 at paras 8-11.

I was not convinced by her attempt. In any event, the expert herself did not
come to a firm conclusion, observing that it was only a “plausible scenario”
that the Waiver did not apply to the US$20m. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

ANCC-3 at para 8.

(3) Conclusion on the JMs’ assessment of shareholder returns

63 Given my finding that the JMs were entitled to take the view that the
US$20m interim financing under Man Wah’s 31 August Offer would be used up in
the two to six months prior to completion, and the full US$20m would not be
refunded to the Company from its subsidiaries, the JMs were justified in
deciding that Man Wah’s 31 August Offer would yield lower shareholder returns
than Golden Hill Capital’s Final Offer.

64 As for the fact that Man Wah offered US$10m more than any other offer, this
had to be weighed against the exigencies of the situation, and the need for an
expediency as noted below at [67]–[70]. Given the pressures, it would not be
unreasonable to conclude that any benefit from the additional US$10m would be
offset by the fact that Man Wah’s 31 August Offer would require a longer
period for completion (see below at [70] and [73]).

65 Even if there was some ambiguity about what was offered by Man Wah, in
particular whether the US$20m loan between the Company and HTLM would be
waived, as discussed below at [79], any such uncertainty should have been
resolved by the offeror, namely Man Wah, and not by the JMs.

66 It must also be emphasised that even if Man Wah’s 31 August Offer was close
to or better than Golden Hill Capital’s Final Offer, the JMs were not required
to get the best price, as noted by Re Charnley Davies ([18] supra) at 775. The
point is that JMs are entitled to exercise their commercial expertise and
judgment in the particular circumstances, and the court will rarely second
guess their decision, if there are exigencies and other factors present. In
this case, the key factor that played on the minds of the JMs was the urgency
of the sale.

Urgency of the sale and time taken to complete the acquisition

67 I accepted that the exigencies of the situation facing the Company were
such that the JMs had to make a decision that would resolve the problems
sooner rather than later. These circumstances included the following.

(a) The COVID-19 pandemic triggered the onset of the Chinese subsidiaries’
financial distress, 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

LZC-3 at para 8; Chew Kwang Yong’s 1st Affidavit dated 27 April 2020 at paras
28–33.

and since then, the Chinese subsidiaries had been in a dire financial
situation.

(i) As of 27 August 2020, due to legal action, approximately RMB 690,000
across 11 different bank accounts owned by four of the Chinese subsidiaries
were frozen. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

JMWS at para 16c; TWC-2 at para 8; TWC-3 at paras 40–41.

(ii) In light of unpaid debts, various suppliers, including a key supplier,
refused to supply raw materials to four of the Chinese subsidiaries, thereby
causing production by all four subsidiaries to come to a halt as of 1
September 2020. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

JMWS at paras 16d–16e; TWC-3 at paras 23–26.

(iii) Three Chinese banks demanded repayment of the loans they made to the
Chinese subsidiaries. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

JMWS at para 16h; TWC-3 at paras 42–46.

(b) Interim funding from the Phua Group had been largely used up. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

JMWS at paras 17 and 50–51.

68 The precarious financial position of the Chinese subsidiaries was not in
any event contested by the Shareholders.

69 Significantly, HTL Group’s Chinese subsidiaries played a crucial role in
manufacturing goods, without which goods could not be produced, revenue could
not be generated and liabilities to customers would accumulate. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

JMWS at paras 10 and 16f; TWC-3 at para 11; TWC-3 at para 36.

With the subsidiaries’ cessation of production, it would not be long before
creditors would initiate winding up action as they would have lost confidence
in the subsidiaries’ ability to repay. Realistically, HTL Group was close to
losing its manufacturing arm.

70 That meant in turn that a rescue was imperative, and time was of the
essence. Should the Chinese subsidiaries collapse prior to the acquisition of
the Asset, the value of the Asset would plummet substantially. This would in
turn impact the returns to creditors and shareholders. I accepted the
arguments of the JMs on this issue. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

JMWS at paras 76–87 and 110b.

While Golden Hill Capital’s Final Offer could be implemented swiftly given
that a legally binding SPA had already been entered into on 28 May 2020, 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

IJM Report at paras 3.19–3.32 and Appendix 2, clause 3.1(a).

Man Wah’s 31 August Offer required several weeks, if not several months, as
Man Wah needed to obtain its shareholders’ approval for the deal.

71 The JMs were entitled to consider that Man Wah had to obtain its
shareholders’ approval at a general meeting prior to its acquisition of the
Asset. The JMs had assessed that the accounts would be qualified since HTLM
was insolvent and Ernst & Young LLP had issued a disclaimer of opinion in the
latest audited financial statements of HTLM. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

TWC-3 at paras 96–99.

On this basis, Hong Kong counsel advised the JMs that it was necessary for Man
Wah to convene a general meeting to approve the acquisition under Hong Kong’s
listing rules. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

TWC-2, exhibiting Simmons & Simmons’ letter dated 20 August 2020 at p 39,
paras 3.1–3.2.

This was corroborated by Man Wah’s correspondences on 20 August and 26 August
2020, which stated that it had to convene a shareholders’ meeting if HTL
Group’s accounts were qualified. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

TWC-2, exhibiting Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP’s email dated 20 August 2020 at
p 31, para 3b. TWC-3, exhibiting Davinder Singh Chambers LLC’s letter dated 26
August 2020 at p 181, para 7.

Even though Man Wah’s September Offer expressed that there was a “high chance”
that the acquisition would not be subject to shareholders’ approval, 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

LZC-2, exhibiting Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP’s email dated 8 September 2020
at p 66, para 6.

this was only brought to the JM’s attention after the 31 August 2020 deadline
to put in further communication had long passed, 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

TWC-3 at para 73.

and by then, the JMs already informed the court on 7 September 2020 that they
had decided to proceed with Golden Capital Hill’s offer. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

TWC-3 at para 112.

In any event, in its September Offer, Man Wah was not able to state with
certainty that a shareholders’ meeting was not necessary. Therefore, the JMs
were entitled to rely on their Hong Kong counsel’s legal advice that Man Wah
had to convene a shareholders’ meeting to approve the acquisition.

72 The JMs, Man Wah and the Shareholders each obtained legal advice on the
time required for Man Wah to complete the acquisition of the Asset. The
evidence differed, but all fall within the range of two to six months. The
Hong Kong counsel advising the JMs opined that the acquisition would take two
to six months to complete. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

TWC-2, exhibiting Simmons & Simmons’ letter dated 20 August 2020 at p 39, para
3.3.

Separately, Man Wah’s transaction lawyers, stated that approval would take up
to two months if a shareholders’ meeting was required. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

TWC-2, exhibiting Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP’s email dated 20 August 2020 at
p 31.

The Shareholders also obtained an opinion stating that 91 days, which was
about three months, would be needed. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

LZC-3 at paras 19-21; SWS at para 60.

As it was, the time required for the Man Wah deal remained unsettled and
uncertain. Given that uncertainty, and the imperatives in favour of a faster
resolution, the JMs were entitled to give preference to Golden Hill Capital,
even if everything else was equal.

73 Furthermore, it was reasonable for the JMs to have relied on their Hong
Kong counsel’s legal advice estimating a two to six-month period, and to
prefer that to Man Wah’s stance that it would only take up to two months. Man
Wah’s assertion was not backed by further elaboration, 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

TWC-2, exhibiting Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP’s email dated 20 August 2020 at
p 31, para 3c.

whereas the JMs’ Hong Kong counsel undertook an extensive analysis 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

TWC-2, exhibiting Simmons & Simmons’ letter dated 20 August 2020 at pp 42–44,
para 4.3.

and there was nothing that would put their advice into doubt. The
Shareholders’ opinion that it would take 91 days was only made known after the
JMs have communicated to the court their decision to proceed with Golden Hill
Capital’s offer, and in any case, was predicated on multiple assumptions. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

LZC-3, exhibiting Michael Li & Co’s letter dated 21 October 2020 at pp 22 and
24.

74 The fact that Man Wah’s 31 August Offer would take a longer time to
complete than Golden Hill Capital’s was not really taken issue with by the
Shareholders, who merely noted that the expected timeframe for completion
should be 91 days and not two to six months. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

SWS at para 60.

Fair consideration

75 While the Shareholders alleged that the JMs were biased towards Golden Hill
Capital, 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

SWS at para 53.

I found that there was fair consideration by the JMs of the various
alternatives. Certainly, any bias or unfairness in selecting between competing
offers would probably point to a perverse outcome, but I found nothing of that
nature or degree.

76 The Shareholders argued that even though Man Wah’s 31 August Offer was
clearly superior, the JMs were intent on choosing the deal with Golden Hill
Capital whatever Man Wah’s offer was because there was a binding SPA with
Golden Hill Capital. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

SWS at para 53(1).

77 The allegation that the JMs were bent on dealing with Golden Hill Capital
regardless of the merits of Man Wah’s offers, was not borne out on the facts.
The JMs seriously considered Man Wah’s 19 August Offer, as demonstrated by the
detailed list of clarifications sought by the JMs from Man Wah on 19 August,
123

##### Foot Note 123

×

TWC-2, exhibiting PRP Law LLC’s email dated 19 August 2020 at pp 34–35.

and the fact that the JMs took it upon themselves to obtain legal advice twice
on the issue of shareholders’ meeting under Hong Kong listing rules and how
long Man Wah would take to complete the acquisition. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

TWC-2, exhibiting Simmons & Simmons’ letter dated 20 August 2020 at pp 37–45;
TWC-3, exhibiting Simmons & Simmons’ letter dated 2 September 2020 at pp
256–263.

The JMs also gave an equal opportunity to both Man Wah and Golden Hill Capital
to put in “anything further” in respect of their offers by 26 August 2020
before making their final decision. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

TWC-3, exhibiting PRP Law LLC’s emails dated 24 August 2020 at pp 204–205.

Even when the Phua Group emphasised the urgency in completing the SPA and that
the SPA had a completion date of 28 August 2020, 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

PYT-3, exhibiting Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP’s letter dated 24 August 2020 at
p 31, paras 3 and 5.

the JMs nevertheless agreed to Man Wah’s request to extend the deadline to put
in further matters from 26 August to 31 August 2020. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

TWC-3, exhibiting Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP’s email dated 25 August 2020 at
pp 188–189; TWC-3, exhibiting PRP Law LLC’s letter dated 26 August 2020 at pp
195–197.

Finally, the JMs carefully weighed the two options upon receiving Man Wah’s 31
August Offer and Golden Hill Capital’s Final Offer, taking into account
relevant factors such as shareholder returns and time for completion, before
reaching the view that Golden Hill Capital’s Final Offer was preferable. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

TWC-3 at paras 84–112.

It was apparent, on the whole, that the JMs seriously evaluated Man Wah’s
offers and gave Man Wah sufficient opportunity and time to revise its offer
despite the urgent need to complete the sale. The JMs could not be faulted for
not considering Man Wah’s September Offer since it was put in way after the
deadline, and after the JMs had reported to the court that it had decided to
go with Golden Hill Capital.

78 There was also nothing objectionable with the JMs taking into account the
contractually binding SPA with Golden Hill Capital. It would have been
appropriate to consider what would have happened if there was breach of that
SPA, as well as the impact on the relationship with Mr Phua Yong Tat. Mr Phua
Yong Tat was behind Golden Hill Capital and Golden Hill Investments, which was
the largest external creditor of the Company and HTLM. 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

TWC-3 at para 16.

He was also, in his personal capacity, the second largest external creditor of
the Company. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

TWC-3 at para 17.

This was not an abdication of decision-making or judgment by the JMs; it was
part of a holistic consideration of commercial implications that might arise
from their decision to pick one deal over the other.

79 As to the Shareholders’ argument that the JMs should have clarified, 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

SWS at paras 53(2) and 53(3).

it was for Man Wah to clarify what their position was, particularly where time
was pressing and there was an alternative on the table. The JMs had no duty,
in the circumstances, to uncover and clarify all ambiguities; it should have
been for the putative purchaser to be clear.

Other complaints

80 The Shareholders put some store on the reminder given by the court that JMs
should consider all proposals fairly, 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

SWS at para 53(4).

but this was only a reminder by the court. The Shareholders (and Man Wah
previously) put far too much emphasis on this reminder than was warranted or
intended. The direction to the JMs to fairly consider all offers did not
necessitate obtaining a court sanction for the sale. Directions from the court
could be applied for under s 227G(5) CA or s 99(5) IRDA, but this was not
mandatory.

81 Another complaint by the Shareholders concerned the JMs’ persistent refusal
to accede to Man Wah’s requests for HTL Group’s financial statements 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

SWS at paras 54–55.

– had the financials been provided, it was possible that Man Wah would
increase the credit facility offered. 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

SWS at para 62.

As with any commercial decision, the JMs had to balance the costs and benefits
of undertaking a course of action. Here, any potential benefit arising from
the disclosure of financial statements to Man Wah must be weighed against the
risk of further delay, which the JMs assessed to be a real concern. The JMs
were justified in determining that it was best, particularly in view of the
subsidiaries’ financial exigencies, to push the sale forward on limited
information to avoid what in their view was a real risk that that the
provision of these accounts would spawn further requests for supporting
documents. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

TWC-3, exhibiting PRP Law LLC’s letter dated 26 August 2020 at pp 196–197,
para 11.

As emphasised above at [69]–[70], any further delays in the sale would
increase the risk that the subsidiaries would collapse in the meantime,
thereby reducing returns to creditors and shareholders as a whole. Thus, it
was not untoward for the JMs to withhold financial statements from Man Wah in
these circumstances. In any event, there is no duty to obtain the absolute
best price in the market: doing so would entail a much more intricate and
prolonged process. While there may be some situations where that level of
obligation would exist, the Court would be wary of imposing that on JMs
exercising bona fide commercial judgment, in the face of pressing
circumstances. The obligation of JMs may indeed be different in other
contexts.

82 The Shareholders also referred to the JMs knowing about the Phua Group’s
manipulation of suppliers’ and customers’ sentiments, 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

SWS at paras 64–65.

but I could not see that there was anything untoward in what was done by the
Phua Group. It would be good to gain the support of vendors and customers, one
would have thought.

Conclusion

83 The JMs were justified in their assessment that Golden Hill Capital’s Final
Offer was at the least comparable or equal to Man Wah’s 31 August Offer, if
not better, in terms of shareholder returns. Therefore, the Shareholders did
not establish that the JMs had caused it any prejudice, much less unfair
prejudice. In any event, the JMs could not be faulted for any plainly
wrongful, conspicuously unfair or perverse conduct – they acted justifiably in
light of financial exigencies and gave fair consideration to both offers.
Consequently, the Shareholders failed to make out a basis for the court to
declare the sale to Golden Hill Capital null and void, or to direct the JMs to
effect the sale to Man Wah instead.

84 As for costs, I ordered the Shareholders to pay costs of S$25,000 and
disbursements of S$773.48 to the JMs, and costs of S$18,000 to the Phua Group.

Aedit Abdullah  
Judge of the High Court

Pillai Pradeep G, Lin Shuling Joycelyn, Wong Shi Rui Jonas, Lek Hao Kai (PRP
Law LLC) for the applicant;

Tan Tee Jim SC, Gan Theng Chong, Melissa Ng, Vanessa Claire Koh (Lee & Lee)
(instructed), Sharon Chong, Amanda Chen, Nandhu, Renee Sim (RHTLaw Asia LLP)
for the non-party shareholders;

Harpreet Singh Nehal SC, Jordan Tan, Victor Leong (Audent Chambers LLC)
(instructed), Cheng Wai Yuen Mark, Chew Xiang, Ho Zi Wei, Tan Tian Hui (Rajah
& Tann Singapore LLP) for the non-parties Mr Phua Yong Tat, Mr Phua Yong Sin
and Golden Hill Capital Pte Ltd.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 16 Apr 2021 (14:20 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

