Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC 246

Suit No 1140 of 2018

Between

(1)| Yong Khong Yoong Mark  
---|---  
(2)| Emily Hwang Mei Chen  
(3)| Medivice Investment Limited  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

(1)| Ting Choon Meng  
---|---  
(2)| Chua Ngak Hwee  
  
… Defendants

judgment

[Contract] — [Misrepresentation] — [Fraudulent]

[Contract] — [Misrepresentation] — [Negligent]

[Contract] — [Misrepresentation] — [Inducement]

[Contract] — [Misrepresentation Act] — [Section 2(1)]  
[Evidence] — [Admissibility of evidence] — [Hearsay]

[Tort] — [Misrepresentation] — [Fraud and deceit]

[Tort] — [Misrepresentation] — [Inducement]

[Tort] — [Misrepresentation] — [Negligent misrepresentation]

[Tort] — [Conspiracy] — [Unlawful means conspiracy]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Yong Khong Yoong Mark and others

  
v

  

Ting Choon Meng and another

[2021] SGHC 246

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 1140 of 2018 and Summonses Nos
1688, 1975, 1976 and 2330 of 2021  
Tan Siong Thye J  
3–7, 14, 17–20 May, 22, 23, 26–30 July, 2–4 August, 15, 16 September 2021

29 October 2021 Judgment reserved.

Tan Siong Thye J:

Introduction

1 The plaintiffs claim that they were induced by the defendants’
misrepresentations to make several loans to HealthSTATS International Pte Ltd
(“Healthstats International”) from January to July 2016 amounting to S$2.5m
and to enter into a subscription agreement in August 2016 (the “Subscription
Agreement”) for the sum of S$5m. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Plaintiffs’ Statement of Claim (Amendment No 2) (“SOC”) at para 26; Agreed
Statement of Facts (“ASOF”) at s/n 16.

The sum of S$2.5m loaned to Healthstats International formed part of the
consideration for the Subscription Agreement.

2 The Subscription Agreement was entered into on 12 August 2016 between the
second plaintiff and Healthstats International. Under the Subscription
Agreement, Healthstats International issued approximately 3.2 million new
shares to the third plaintiff (as the second plaintiff’s nominee) for a total
consideration of S$5m. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

ASOF at s/n 17.

3 The plaintiffs allege that the defendants’ representations were all made to
paint a misleading picture that Healthstats International was a viable company
with many products that were worth investing in. They also contend that the
defendants made these representations fraudulently or negligently. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

SOC at paras 32–33.

Consequently, the plaintiffs claim damages to be assessed for the defendants’
fraudulent or negligent misrepresentation. Alternatively, they claim damages
for misrepresentation pursuant to s 2 of the Misrepresentation Act (Cap 390,
1994 Rev Ed). 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

SOC, pp 22–23 at paras (1) and (2).

4 Further or in the alternative, the plaintiffs claim that the defendants
conspired by unlawful means to defraud them by presenting a false picture of
Healthstats International’s viability, thereby inducing them to make a large
investment in Healthstats International. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

SOC at paras 35–37.

They seek a declaration that the defendants participated in a conspiracy to
injure them by unlawful means, as well as damages for conspiracy. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

SOC, p 23 at para (3).

5 The defendants deny both the alleged misrepresentations and the unlawful
means conspiracy. They seek a complete dismissal of the plaintiffs’ claims
with costs to be borne by the plaintiffs on an indemnity basis. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Defendants’ Opening Statement at para 99.

The parties

6 The first plaintiff in this Suit is Mr Yong Khong Yoong Mark (“Mr Yong”), a
businessman and a private investor. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Bundle of Affidavits of Evidence-in-Chief (“BAEIC”), Vol 1, Tab 1 (Affidavit
of Evidence-in-Chief of Yong Khong Yoong Mark (“YKYM”)) at para 2.

The second plaintiff is his wife, Ms Emily Hwang Mei Chen (“Ms Hwang”). Ms
Hwang is the sole shareholder and director of the third plaintiff, Medivice
Investment Limited (“Medivice”), a company incorporated in the Cayman Islands
on 17 February 2016. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

ASOF at s/n 17, s/n 18 and Annex E.

Medivice is Ms Hwang’s investment vehicle. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

BAEIC, Vol 1, Tab 2 (Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief of Emily Hwang Mei Chen)
at para 2.

I shall refer to Mr Yong, Ms Hwang and Medivice collectively as “the
plaintiffs”.

7 The first defendant is Dr Ting Choon Meng (“Dr Ting”) and the second
defendant is Mr Chua Ngak Hwee (“Mr Chua”) (collectively, “the defendants”).
Dr Ting is a general medical practitioner and he knew Mr Yong and Ms Hwang
personally as he was their personal physician. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

BAEIC, Vol 4, Tab 13 (Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief of Ting Choon Meng
(“TCM”)) at para 29; ASOF at s/n 4.

Mr Chua is a software engineer by training. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

BAEIC, Vol 6, Tab 14 (Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief of Chua Ngak Hwee
(“CNH”)) at para 15.

Dr Ting and Mr Chua founded Healthstats International, a Singapore-
incorporated company, in 2000. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

ASOF at s/n 1.

Background to the dispute

8 I shall briefly introduce the main entities and individuals involved in the
matters which form the background to the present dispute.

9 As I have mentioned at [6] above, Ms Hwang is the sole shareholder and
director of Medivice, which is her investment vehicle. Mr Yong is a director
and shareholder of Uncharted Holdings Limited (“Uncharted Holdings”), a
Mauritius-incorporated company, which is one of his investment vehicles. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

BAEIC, Vol 1, Tab 1 (YKYM) at para 2.

Mr Yong is also the founder of the Uncharted Group Limited (the “Uncharted
Group”), a Mauritius-incorporated private investment management company. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents (“ABOD”), Vol 1 at p 472; BAEIC, Vol 2, Tab 3
(Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief of Carlos Salas (“CS”)) at para 1.

In addition, Mr Yong is a shareholder of Success Dragon International Holdings
Limited (“Success Dragon”), a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.
16

##### Foot Note 16

×

BAEIC, Vol 1, Tab 1 (YKYM) at para 110.

The chairman and chief executive officer (“CEO”) of Success Dragon from June
2015 to March 2017 was Mr Carlos Salas (“Mr Salas”), 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

BAEIC, Vol 2, Tab 3 (CS) at para 2.

who has also been the chief commercial officer of the Uncharted Group since
July 2007. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

BAEIC, Vol 2, Tab 3 (CS) at para 1.

In addition, Mr Douglas Goh (“Mr Goh”) was the business development director
of Success Dragon 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Transcript (19 May 2021), p 24 at lines 20–22.

and was also part of the Uncharted Group at the material time. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Transcript (4 May 2021), p 103 at lines 19–21.

Both Mr Salas and Mr Goh are business associates of Mr Yong. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

BAEIC, Vol 1, Tab 1 (YKYM) at paras 31 and 38.

10 Dr Ting was the CEO of Healthstats International from the time it was
founded in 2000 until March 2016, and thereafter from April 2017 to October
2017. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

ASOF at s/n 2.

In the period from March 2016 to April 2017, the CEO of Healthstats
International was Mr Joshua Soh (“Mr Soh”), who was Mr Yong’s and Ms Hwang’s
family friend 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

BAEIC, Vol 2, Tab 4 (Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief of Soh Leng Hiap Joshua
Henry (“JS”)) at para 3.

and who had experience in the medical equipment industry. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

BAEIC, Vol 1, Tab 1 (YKYM) at para 31.

Mr Soh was also the former Managing Director of Cisco Systems Singapore 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Transcript (14 May 2021) at p 6 lines 3 to 7.

and Country Manager of IBM Singapore. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

BAEIC, Vol 2, Tab 4 (JS) at para 2.

Mr Yong appointed Mr Soh as the CEO of Healthstats International at the
relevant period with the concurrence of the defendants so as to change
Healthstats International’s business model. Both Dr Ting and Mr Chua were the
founding directors of Healthstats International until May 2018. From 1 October
2010 to May 2018, Dr Ting was also its executive chairman, while Mr Chua was
its chief technology officer. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

ASOF at s/n 2 and s/n 3.

Dr Ting and Mr Chua are still shareholders of Healthstats International. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

ASOF at s/n 3.

Healthstats International’s chief financial officer was Mr Marcus Chua (“Mr
Marcus Chua”). 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

BAEIC, Vol 1, Tab 1 (YKYM) at para 47.

11 Several other present and former employees of Healthstats International
testified in these proceedings. These were:

(a) Mr Tan Hwa Seng Michael (“Mr Michael Tan”), the finance manager from 1
October 2010 to the present; 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

BAEIC, Vol 2, Tab 5 (Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief of Tan Hwa Seng (“THS”))
at paras 1 and 3.

(b) Mr Koh Choon Huat (“Mr Koh”), the head of production from 2006 to the
present, 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

BAEIC, Vol 2, Tab 6 (Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief of Koh Choon Huat (“KCH”))
at paras 1–2.

(c) Mr Tey Leong Teck (“Mr Tey”), a firmware consultant in the Research and
Development department from 2010 to 2014, and thereafter from 2015 to 2019; 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

BAEIC, Vol 2, Tab 9 (Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief of Tey Leong Teck (“TLT”))
at para 1 (read with Transcript (5 May 2021), p 94 at lines 23–25).

and

(d) Ms Lock Mei Chui (“Ms Lock”), the deputy head of the Quality Management
Systems and Regulatory Affairs department from July 2012 to February 2015. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

BAEIC, Vol 2, Tab 10 (Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief of Lock Mei Chui (“LMC”))
at para 1.

12 Healthstats International also had various subsidiaries in China, the UK,
Australia, Malaysia and Singapore. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Joint Defence of the First and Second Defendants (Amendment No 2) (“Defence”)
at para 4.

Only its subsidiary in China, HealthSTATS Technology (SIP) Co Ltd
(“Healthstats China”), 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

ASOF at s/n 1.

is relevant to the present proceedings. Healthstats China was incorporated in
2006. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Defence at para 5; BAEIC, Vol 2, Tab 7 (Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief of Li
Wen Wen (“LWW”)) at para 2.

Ms Li Wen Wen (“Ms Li”) was a sales manager in Healthstats China from July
2015 to October 2018. She was primarily responsible for running its sales and
procurement office. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

BAEIC, Vol 2, Tab 7 (LWW) at paras 1, 3 and 4.

13 With this overview, I shall now set out the background to the present
dispute in three parts: first, the clinical devices developed by Healthstats
International; second, the two contracts entered into by Healthstats
International with Healthstats China; and third, the plaintiffs’ involvement
with Healthstats International.

Healthstats International’s clinical devices

14 Healthstats International is in the business of manufacturing medical
research and clinical diagnostic instruments. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Defence at para 2.

Its flagship products are two clinical devices relating to the measurement and
monitoring of blood pressure: 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Defence at para 7.

(a) the BPro ambulatory blood pressure monitoring system devices (the “BPro”
devices), which are wearable watch-like devices attached to an individual’s
wrist that are able to measure the individual’s blood pressure non-invasively;
40

##### Foot Note 40

×

ASOF at s/n 5; Defence at para 8.

and

(b) the central aortic systolic blood pressure measurement devices (the
“CasPro” devices), which are able to measure an individual’s central aortic
pressure non-invasively using radial artery pulse waves from the wrist. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

ASOF at s/n 5; Defence at paras 7 and 13.

15 The first generation of the BPro devices (the “BPro G1”) was launched in
2002. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

ASOF at s/n 5.

The BPro G1 obtained the requisite regulatory approvals from the US’s Food and
Drug Administration (the “FDA”) on 7 April 2006, the European Union (“EU”)’s
Conformité Européenne (the “CE”) on 2 June 2006, Singapore’s Health Sciences
Authority (the “HSA”) on 20 April 2006, and China’s Food and Drug
Administration (the “CFDA”) in 2008. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Defence at para 9.

16 Healthstats International had also obtained approval for the CasPro from
the relevant regulatory authorities prior to manufacturing the CasPro devices
for distribution. Regulatory approvals for the CasPro had been granted by the
FDA, the CE, the HSA and the CFDA by April 2012. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Defence at para 14.

17 In or around the first quarter of 2012, 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

FBP-2, p 3 at para 2(a).

Healthstats International started work on the second generation of the BPro
devices which featured an added Bluetooth wireless function (the “BPro G2”).
Both the BPro G1 and the BPro G2 were targeted for use by medical
professionals. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

ASOF at s/n 5; Defence at para 12.

However, as at the end of 2016, the BPro G2 had not received any regulatory
approval from the US’s FDA. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

ASOF at s/n 21.

The BPro G2 received FDA approval on 21 June 2018. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

FBP-2, p 4 at para 4(c).

18 Subsequently, sometime in or around 2015, Healthstats International started
work on the third generation of the BPro devices, which were intended to be
consumer wearables targeted for mass market consumer distribution (the “BPro
G3”). 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

ASOF at s/n 5; Defence at para 12.

The two contracts with Healthstats China

19 Healthstats China was initially solely owned by Healthstats Instruments Pte
Ltd, a Singapore-incorporated company, of which Healthstats International was
a majority shareholder. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Defence at para 5.

In July 2015, Winsan (Shanghai) Medical Science and Technology Co Ltd
(“Winsan”), a listed company in China, acquired 51% of the shares in
Healthstats China. At the material time, Healthstats International held the
remaining 49% of the shares. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Defence at para 6; ASOF at s/n 1.

Healthstats China thus became a joint venture between Healthstats
International and Winsan. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

BAEIC, Vol 2, Tab 7 (LWW) at para 2; BAEIC, Vol 4, Tab 13 (TCM) at para 79.

20 At that time, Winsan had been awarded three tenders to supply an integrated
system for the remote monitoring of blood pressure for the population of three
cities in China. Winsan, therefore, wanted Healthstats International to supply
the BPro G2, BPro G3 and CasPro devices. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Defence at para 16.

To this end, Healthstats China entered into two contracts with Healthstats
International in 2015 (collectively, the “China Contracts”): 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Defence at para 17.

(a) a purchase agreement (Agreement No: P2015080001) dated 13 August 2015,
under which Healthstats China was to purchase S$5m worth of the BPro G2
devices and accessories from Healthstats International (the “First China
Contract”); 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

ASOF at s/n 6; BAEIC, Vol 1, Tab 1 (YKYM) at pp 123–126.

and

(b) a purchase agreement (Agreement No: P2015090002) dated 26 October 2015,
under which Healthstats China was to purchase a total of S$52.785m worth of
the BPro G2, BPro G3 and CasPro devices and accessories from Healthstats
International (the “Second China Contract”). 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

SOC at para 16(iv)(s)(2); Defence at para 17(b); BAEIC, Vol 1, Tab 1 (YKYM) at
pp 131–136.

21 On 20 August 2015, Healthstats International received payment of S$1.5m
from Healthstats China pursuant to the First China Contract. Healthstats
International then commenced the production process and subsequently delivered
certain components to Healthstats China. Healthstats International later
issued two invoices (dated 23 June 2016 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

ABOD, Vol 11 at p 7863.

and 13 March 2017) 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

ABOD, Vol 11 at p 7964.

to Healthstats China amounting to a total of S$720,000. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

ASOF at s/n 20; Defence at para 17(a).

This left a balance of S$3.5m of sales, out of the S$5m of sales secured under
the First China Contract, which was not fulfilled. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

SOC at para 16(ii)(s)(1); Reply (Amendment No 1) (“Reply”) at para 7(b)(1).

22 Under the Second China Contract, Healthstats China was to purchase
S$14,555,000 worth of the BPro G2 and BPro G3 devices (and related devices)
from Healthstats International in 2016, and S$38,230,000 worth of such devices
in 2017. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

ASOF at s/n 23; BAEIC, Vol 1, Tab 1 (YKYM) at pp 131–132 (cl 1).

Clause 9.2 of the Second China Contract is of key importance in the present
case and I shall set it out in full: 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

ASOF at s/n 23; BAEIC, Vol 1, Tab 1 (YKYM) at pp 134–135 (cl 9.2).

9.2. Any amendments, supplements and modifications to the terms of this
Agreement shall be made in writing, and this Agreement shall become effective
upon the satisfaction of the following two conditions:

9.2.1. Party B [ie, Healthstats International] has fully fulfilled its
obligations under the supply agreement executed by the parties on 13 August
2015 (Agreement No.: P2015080001) [ie, the First China Contract];

9.2.2. the execution and seal affixed by both parties and upon approval by the
board of directors of Party A [ie, Healthstats China]’s controlling
shareholder.

[emphasis added]

23 A contract approval form dated 23 October 2015 (the “Contract Approval
Form”) was signed by four of Winsan’s representatives in Healthstats China. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

ASOF at s/n 7; BAEIC, Vol 2, Tab 7 (LWW) at pp 1397–1398; translated at BAEIC,
Vol 2, Tab 8 (Affidavit of Li Hua dated 31 March 2021 (“LH”)) at pp 1617–1618.

The Contract Approval Form related to the Second China Contract. It stated
that “[t]he conditions for the validity of the contract [had not] been met”
and that “there [was] no need to perform the contract immediately even if it
[was] signed”. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

BAEIC, Vol 2, Tab 8 (LH) at p 1617.

24 Ultimately, no orders were fulfilled under the Second China Contract. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

ASOF at s/n 23.

25 In October 2018, Healthstats International re-acquired Winsan’s shares in
Healthstats China. At this point, Winsan arranged for all documents relating
to Healthstats China which it had kept in its office to be handed over to
Healthstats China. During this process, Winsan provided Healthstats China with
a checklist of all the documents which were handed over (the “Winsan Handover
Checklist”). 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

BAEIC, Vol 2, Tab 7 (LWW) at para 17.

Healthstats International is currently the sole shareholder of Healthstats
China. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

ASOF at s/n 1.

The plaintiffs’ involvement with Healthstats International

26 Dr Ting had been Mr Yong’s and Ms Hwang’s personal physician for many
years. They trusted Dr Ting and held him in high esteem. Dr Ting also knew
them personally and was aware that they were investors in various businesses.
68

##### Foot Note 68

×

SOC at paras 9–10; Defence at paras 25–26.

In September 2015, Mr Yong and Ms Hwang met Dr Ting for dinner. This was the
first time that they had met socially. Over dinner, Dr Ting told them that he
was an inventor of medical devices, including the BPro and CasPro devices. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

SOC at paras 12 and 13(a)–13(d); Defence at paras 28–29.

27 From October 2015 to January 2016, the defendants and Mr Yong had several
business meetings to discuss the possibility of Mr Yong or Ms Hwang investing
in Healthstats International. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

SOC at para 16; Defence at para 32.

During this period, there were also several social meetings between Dr Ting,
Mr Yong, Ms Hwang and other individuals including Mr Soh, Mr Salas and Mr Goh.

The aborted purchase of Healthstats International’s shares by Uncharted
Holdings

28 On 2 December 2015, a letter of intent was executed by Mr Yong pursuant to
which the Uncharted Group confirmed its intention to purchase shares in
Healthstats International (the “Letter of Intent”). 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

ASOF at s/n 11.

The purchase price of these shares was to be calculated based on the Uncharted
Group’s valuation of Healthstats International at S$50m (the “S$50m
Valuation”). 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

ABOD, Vol 1 at p 403.

The Uncharted Group’s investment in Healthstats International was expected to
be around S$27m. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

SOC at para 16(ii)(m).

29 On 19 January 2016, copies of both the First China Contract and the Second
China Contract (in Mandarin) were provided by Mr Marcus Chua to Mr Goh via
e-mail (the “19 January 2016 E-mail”). 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

ABOD, Vol 6 at pp 4283 and 4287–4294.

Mr Goh was assisting Mr Yong with carrying out due diligence on the Uncharted
Group’s intended investment in Healthstats International. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

ASOF at s/n 22.

30 Subsequently, a sale and purchase agreement dated 1 February 2016 was
entered into between Uncharted Holdings and the selling shareholders of
Healthstats International (the “Sale and Purchase Agreement”). Pursuant to cl
4.1 (read with Schedule 3 para 1) of the Sale and Purchase Agreement, the
completion of the sale and purchase of Healthstats International’s shares
under this agreement was conditional on the completion of due diligence to the
satisfaction of Uncharted Holdings. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

ASOF at s/n 12.

31 On 1 March 2016, Mr Soh was formally appointed as the CEO of Healthstats
International by way of a Master Consultancy Agreement between him and
Uncharted Holdings (“the Master Consultancy Agreement”). 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

ABOD, Vol 1 at pp 406–432.

Mr Soh served as the CEO of Healthstats International from March 2016 to April
2017. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

SOC at para 22; ASOF at s/n 2.

As Mr Yong’s nominee, 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

SOC at para 21.

he represented Mr Yong in Healthstats International. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Transcript (6 May 2021), p 157 at lines 2–5 and 8–9.

Following his appointment, Mr Soh changed Healthstats International’s business
model for the BPro devices from a sales-based model for the BPro G1 (under
which the devices were sold) to a service-based model for the BPro G2 (under
which the devices were given to clinical professionals for free with a fee
being charged for each use of the device). 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

BAEIC, Vol 2, Tab 4 (JS) at para 10(d) and 14(d).

32 The Sale and Purchase Agreement was amended on 11 March 2016 to allow
Uncharted Holdings an extension of time to complete the due diligence process.
82

##### Foot Note 82

×

BAEIC, Vol 1, Tab 1 (YKYM) at para 66.

Between March and April 2016, three draft reports were prepared by way of due
diligence on Uncharted Holdings’ potential purchase of shares in Healthstats
International: 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

ASOF at s/n 13.

(a) an intellectual property and regulatory due diligence report by DLA Piper
UK LLP (“DLA Piper”) dated 14 March 2016 (the “DLA Piper Report”); 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

ABOD, Vol 11 at pp 7656–7743.

(b) a report on holding and intellectual property structure by KPMG Services
Pte Ltd (“KPMG”) (the “KPMG Report”); 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

ABOD, Vol 1 at pp 515–578.

and

(c) a legal review report by Baker & McKenzie, Wong & Leow (“Baker &
McKenzie”) dated 8 April 2016 (the “Baker & McKenzie Report”). 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

ABOD, Vol 2 at pp 715–815.

33 Uncharted Holdings did not officially appoint any advisors to conduct due
diligence on Winsan, Healthstats China, or the two China Contracts. However,
Mr Yong approached his friend, Mr John Sheng (“Mr Sheng”), to assist him with
this. Mr Sheng was a partner in a law firm based in Shanghai. He specialised
in private equity investments and mergers and acquisitions in China. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

BAEIC, Vol 1, Tab 1 (YKYM) at para 45.

Between March and April 2016, Mr Sheng looked into Winsan on behalf of Mr
Yong. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

ASOF at s/n 14.

34 After conducting the abovementioned due diligence, Uncharted Holdings
decided not to proceed with the purchase of Healthstats International’s
shares. In a letter dated 25 April 2016 to the selling shareholders of
Healthstats International (the “Notice of Termination”), Uncharted Holdings
stated that it did not intend to proceed with the completion of the Sale and
Purchase Agreement because the due diligence had not been completed
satisfactorily. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

ASOF at s/n 15; ABOD, Vol 1 at pp 433–434.

Paragraphs 2 and 3 of the Notice of Termination stated as follows:

2\. Under Clause 4.1 of the SPA, Completion of the sale and purchase of a
Seller's Sale Shares is conditional on all the matters listed in Schedule 3 to
the SPA being either satisfied or waived by Uncharted. Under Paragraph 1 of
Schedule 3 to the SPA, Completion is conditional upon, among other things, the
completion of due diligence on the Group to Uncharted's satisfaction (in
Uncharted's sole opinion), which shall be completed on or before 15 April
2016.

3\. Uncharted is of the view that due diligence has not been completed to
Uncharted's satisfaction (in Uncharted's sole opinion) in accordance with
Paragraph 1 of Schedule 3 to the SPA. Consequently, we hereby give you notice
pursuant to Clause 4.4(b) of the SPA to terminate the SPA as regards each
Seller without liability on Uncharted's part.

[emphasis added]

35 Shortly after the Notice of Termination was sent to the selling
shareholders of Healthstats International, on 25 April 2016, Mr Salas e-mailed
Dr Ting and Mr Yong (the “25 April 2016 E-mail”). In that e-mail, Mr Salas
forwarded the Notice of Termination and stated that: 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

ABOD, Vol 2, Tab 38 at p 1107.

… As you can see there [ie, in the Notice of Termination], there is no
mentioned [sic] of failed due diligence but rather that in our sole opinion we
… have conducted the due diligence and we believe that we do not want to
proceed.

36 Dr Ting replied as follows (the “25 April 2016 Reply”): 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

ABOD, Vol 2, Tab 38 at p 1106.

Carlos,

Perhaps you cannot appreciate the impact of the letter in these shareholders
when you state that the due diligence is not up to the satisfaction of the
uncharted group.

So what if it's your sole opinion.

The implied meaning to them is that there must be some critical lapses during
the due diligence or some hidden secrets that were uncovered and significant
enough for the group not to proceed.

Basically it has come down to both Chua and I. That's exactly what they are
screaming at us about. Since this evening.

Let me be very clear with you on the reasons for not proceeding the sales. And
this has nothing to do with the due diligence. Mark can attest to that.

In the various discussions with Mark, he has made it clear that there is no
outstanding issues in the IP DD. And the corporate DD, there is no red flag
that warrants [a] halt to the sale. The team engaged has not categorically
state[d] that the deal should not proceed.

In fact the reason for the decision is mainly due to the apprehension that
Mark has on the China partner, [W]insan. Mark asked the Shanghai lawyer to do
a check on the chairman and there were some worries that the parent group may
run into trouble. However they can also come out even stronger. In Mark's
view.

In any case it is also agreed that the China subsidiary HST is striving ahead
with the market penetration. Especially when the acceptance of the technology
has risen significantly. Basically the HST is NOT a problem at all.

Due to the uncertainties and apprehension that Mark has on the chairman [of
Winsan], he has decided to put the sale on hold. May be for another few
months. As the company execute the roll out plan.

I hope I have made it clear to you that pushing the blame to an unsatisfactory
due diligence is simply NOT right.

…

[emphasis added]

37 A few hours later, Mr Yong e-mailed Dr Ting, copying Mr Salas and Mr Chua,
(the “First 26 April 2016 E-mail”) stating: 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

ABOD, Vol 2, Tab 38 at pp 1105–1106.

Hi Dr Ting,

Apologies for the difficult position we have put you and Chua under... It was
my understanding that no reasons was required for us to turn down the sale.
Spoke to Carlos and he said, per the agreement, we had to give a reason to
turn down the sale, thus he tried to word it as soft as possible. I agree with
you, we should have discuss with you first on how to write the letter before
sending it out.

I am thinking if Uncharted can give you a letter to say something along the
line of:

We are satisfied with the DD done by our lawyer DA on the patents, and
Healthstats Spore, however, our we are not comfortable with China Company and
feel that the China company is not sound and may lead to future complication
for Healthstats China and as China is a big market, and if the China company
does not perform or liquidates, then the Valuation we would have paid for
Healthstats Spore(holding Co) would be grossly over valued.

We can reworded it better, but i am thinking along those lines.

Can you give me your thoughts?

Mark

38 Dr Ting replied as follows: 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

BAEIC, Vol 1, Tab 1 (YKYM) at p 456.

…

I am OK that you do not have to give a reason. However, since it has been sent
out, this is not an option.

I think that a letter to that effect and addressing [sic] to both of us would
help.

At least the shareholders can see that it is not due to some lapses, intended
or not, on our part.

…

It is also important to have that letter as you have planned to selectively
buy some of them out later. Given what has happened, they may not believe us
anymore. It's a good way to keep the options open.

…

39 Subsequently, Mr Yong sent Dr Ting the following e-mail for Dr Ting to send
to Healthstats International’s shareholders (the “Second 26 April 2016
E-mail”): 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

BAEIC, Vol 1, Tab 1 (YKYM) at para 82 and pp 457–458.

Dear Dr Ting,

I am writing this mail to you in my personal capacity as a friend of yours,
and would like to explain the primarily [sic] reason why Unchartered [sic]
Group Board of Directors decided not to proceed with the completion of
purchasing shares of Healthstats Singapore [ie, Healthstats International].

…

Upon Signing the Sale & Purchase Agreement, Uncharted Group used 3 Magic
Circle Legal firms or equivalent firm base [sic] in USA, Singapore and China
to conduct Due Diligence on 3 areas:

1\. Healthstats Singapore (Holding Company)

2\. Patents

3\. Healthstats China and its Parent (China listed Co.)

a. Healthstats Singapore – The Due Diligence highlighted a few administrative
issues, but nothing major and Unchartered was fine with it.

…

c. Healthstats China – This is the problematic area. The sole reason why we
had to ask for an extension of 1 month to the Due Diligence period is because
of the finding highlighted in Winsan(shanghai) Medical Science & technology
Co. Ltd, the parent Company of Healthstats China. We are of the opinion that
this company is not financially sound. Its announcements of a Placement
exercise in Jan 2016 has failed. There is a list of issues with this company
and its major shareholder. Further, Healthstats China has given Healthstats
Singapre [sic] a small order of $5M for 2015, which up to date only $1.5M has
been fulfilled, not to mentioned [sic] it has given commitment for 2016 and
2017 which in our opinion, it would most likely not be fulfilled. We are of
the opinion, should the parent company go into liquidation, the patents for
China that sits [sic] in Healthstats China would be in a mess, and as China is
a big part of the Valuation, we do not feel it is worth the risk to proceed
with the Purchase at the agreed valuation.

In Summary, Unchartered loves your products, but do not feel comfortable with
Healthstats China & its Parent Company and feel the valuation is over priced
should China fail, thus decided not to proceed with the purchase.

Unchartered has spent more than USD200K on this exercise and I believe they
are still very interested in investing into Healthstats but probably not at
the current valuation.

…

[emphasis added]

The loans to Healthstats International

40 It is undisputed that the following loans amounting to S$2.5m were extended
to Healthstats International by Mr Yong and/or Ms Hwang (the “Loans”): 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

ASOF at s/n 16.

(a) S$1m in January 2016;

(b) S$500,000 in April 2016;

(c) S$500,000 on 10 June 2016; and

(d) S$500,000 on 26 July 2016.

41 The aggregate sum of the Loans was recorded in the Subscription Agreement.
96

##### Foot Note 96

×

ABOD, Vol 1 at p 359 (Recital E).

The Subscription Agreement

42 On 12 August 2016, Ms Hwang entered into the Subscription Agreement with
Healthstats International. Under the Subscription Agreement, Ms Hwang’s
subscription for Healthstats International’s shares was to take place in two
tranches:

(a) In the first tranche, Healthstats International was to issue 3,172,589 new
shares (the “Subscription Shares”) to Ms Hwang for a consideration of S$5m
(the “Subscription Consideration”). Of this sum, S$2.5m was to be offset
against the Loans which had already been extended to Healthstats
International, and the remaining S$2.5m (the “Net Subscription Consideration”)
would be paid thereafter. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

ASOF at s/n 17; ABOD, Vol 1 at pp 362–363 (cll 2.1, 3.1 and 3.2).

(b) In the second tranche, Healthstats International granted Ms Hwang a call
option to subscribe for a further 3,095,781 new shares (the “Option Shares”)
for a consideration of S$4,878,950 (the “Option Shares Consideration”) within
six months from the completion of the Subscription Agreement. I shall refer to
this as the “Call Option”. Under the corresponding put option granted to
Healthstats International, Ms Hwang would be obligated to subscribe for these
Option Shares if Healthstats China fulfilled its orders under the First China
Contract by 31 December 2016 (the “Put Option”). 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

ASOF at s/n 17; ABOD, Vol 1 at pp 367–368 (cll 8.1(b), 8.2(a) and 8.3(a)).

43 Under the Subscription Agreement, Medivice had the right to nominate one
person to be appointed as a director of Healthstats International upon the
completion of the Subscription Agreement. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

ABOD, Vol 1 at p 366 (cl 6.3(a)(i)).

The completion of the Subscription Agreement took place on or around 15 August
2016. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

Defence at para 58(l).

On 26 August 2016, Medivice nominated Mr Soh as its representative on
Healthstats International’s board of directors. Mr Soh was appointed to
Healthstats International’s board of directors shortly afterwards. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

BAEIC, Vol 2, Tab 4 (JS) at para 42.

It is not disputed that Mr Soh was representing Mr Yong and Ms Hwang in this
capacity. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

Transcript (7 May 2021), p 34 at lines 16–25 and p 35 at lines 1–3 and 11–13.

44 Pursuant to the first tranche of the share subscription under the
Subscription Agreement, Ms Hwang directed Healthstats International to allot
and issue the Subscription Shares to her nominee, Medivice. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

ASOF at s/n 17.

The Net Subscription Consideration of S$2.5m was paid by Ms Hwang through
Medivice 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

SOC at para 29.

in September 2016, in the following sums: 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

ASOF at s/n 19.

(a) S$40,000 on 8 September 2016;

(b) S$20,000 on 9 September 2016;

(c) S$39,000 on 16 September 2016;

(d) S$401,000 on 19 September 2016; and

(e) S$2m on 26 September 2016.

The parties’ cases

The plaintiffs’ case

The alleged representations

45 The plaintiffs pleaded that three representations were made to them by the
defendants (collectively, the “Representations”):

(a) that all of Healthstats International’s products, in particular the BPro
G2 and the CasPro devices, had obtained the necessary regulatory approvals
from the HSA, the FDA and the CE (the “Regulatory Representation”); 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

SOC at para 16(ii)(j)(1).

(b) that S$18m of sales had been booked for 2016 and another S$38.2m of sales
had been booked for 2017 (the “Revenue Representation”); 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

SOC at para 16(ii)(j)(2).

and

(c) that Healthstats International was to launch the BPro G3 in the second
quarter of 2016 (the “Product Representation”). 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

SOC at para 16(ii)(j)(3).

46 According to the plaintiffs, the Representations were made to them by Dr
Ting and/or Mr Chua on the following occasions:

(a) In or around October 2015, Dr Ting and his girlfriend, Ms Lena Sim (“Ms
Sim”) invited Mr Yong and Ms Hwang to Dr Ting’s house for tea (the “October
2015 Meeting”). 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

SOC at para 16(i)(a).

Also present were Mr Chua, who was introduced as Dr Ting’s partner in
Healthstats International, and Mr Alan Ho (“Mr Ho”), who was introduced as the
person in charge of Healthstats International’s London office. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

SOC at para 16(i)(b).

According to the plaintiffs, Dr Ting made the following representations to Mr
Yong and Ms Hwang during this meeting: 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

SOC at para 16(i)(c).

(i) that the BPro and CasPro devices had already obtained approval from the
FDA and would easily obtain worldwide approval;

(ii) that Healthstats International was developing the BPro G3 and that the
BPro G3 would be rolled out in short order; and

(iii) that Healthstats International had already secured orders for the BPro
G3.

At this meeting, Dr Ting also told Mr Yong and Ms Hwang that he was just a
doctor and did not know how to run a business. He suggested that Healthstats
International would benefit from investors like them who were business-savvy
and asked if they were interested to invest. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

SOC at para 16(i)(d).

(b) In or around November 2015, Mr Yong contacted Dr Ting to follow up on the
proposed investment. On 21 November 2015, Mr Yong attended at Healthstats
International’s office to listen to the defendants’ investment pitch (the “21
November 2015 Meeting”). 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

SOC at paras 16(ii)(f) and 16(ii)(g).

According to the plaintiffs, Dr Ting made the following representations to Mr
Yong at this meeting: 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

SOC at para 16(ii)(h).

(i) that in or around 2006, Dr Ting had invented the BPro G1;

(ii) that the BPro G1 had earned Dr Ting various accolades and had been
approved by regulatory authorities such as the US’s FDA, Singapore’s HSA, the
EU’s CE, and China’s CFDA;

(iii) that the BPro G2 was developed in 2012 or 2013;

(iv) that Healthstats International “was launching” the BPro G3 and had
secured orders of over 200,000 units of the BPro G3, with its target release
date being the second quarter of 2016;

(v) that all of Healthstats International’s products, including the BPro G2,
had obtained all the relevant regulatory approvals, including approvals from
the HSA, the CE, the FDA and the CFDA;

(vi) that Healthstats International was in need of working capital and that
the defendants were unable to raise funds from its shareholders as they had
failed these shareholders too many times given their lack of business acumen;

(vii) that the defendants were looking to secure a business-savvy investor to
buy out the other shareholders’ shares;

(viii) that an investment by Mr Yong and Ms Hwang would enable Healthstats
International’s products, especially the BPro devices, to be distributed more
widely, which would in turn benefit more patients globally; and

(ix) that Healthstats International had a valuation of S$50m, as evidenced by
the joint venture contract entered into between Healthstats International and
Winsan.

(c) Following the 21 November 2015 Meeting, on 22 November 2015, Dr Ting sent
Mr Yong an executive summary of Healthstats International’s business, titled
“[a]n opportunity to invest in or acquire a wearable device company focussed
on health and medical technology” (the “Executive Summary”). It is undisputed
that this Executive Summary was sent to Mr Yong and that it included the
following information: 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

SOC at para 16(ii)(i); ASOF at s/n 8 and Annex A; ABOD, Vol 2, Tab 30 at pp
1000–1006.

Company Overview

…

• The BPro technology is now well accepted by medical communities around the
world. The company has also achieved numerous unsolicited awards recognising
its technology and contributions, including achievements in clinical
developments, regulatory, commercial milestones, USA FDA and European CE MDD
mark approvals.

…

Key Considerations

…

8\. A true consumer wearable – Trend of wearables

…

• Secured advanced orders of over 200,000 units for the consumer wearable
device has already been achieved with a target release date in Q2/2016.

…

Recent Business Development

…

2\. Advanced device book sales secured including (in SGD$):

• $1.5m confirmed in Q3/2015.

• $18.0m booked for Year 2016.

• $38.2m booked for Year 2017.

• The book sales comprise of devices for health screening booths, hospitals
and point-of-care facilities.

• Significant advanced orders for current device models and the consumer
wearable device have also been secured.

…

(d) On 5 January 2016, Mr Yong attended another meeting at Healthstats
International’s office with the defendants and Mr Soh (the “5 January 2016
Meeting”). At this meeting, the defendants presented a set of PowerPoint
slides containing business updates regarding Healthstats International (the
“Business Update Slides”). It is not disputed that the Business Update was
presented and that it suggested, among other things, that S$18m was expected
from China in 2016 and S$38.2m was expected from China in 2017. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

ASOF at s/n 9 and Annex B; ABOD, Vol 3, Tab 120 at pp 1845–1849.

The plaintiffs assert that, at this meeting, Dr Ting also repeated that the
BPro devices had received all necessary regulatory approvals, and referred to
Healthstats International’s contracts for the supply of the BPro devices to
certain parties in China. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

SOC at para 16(iii)(n).

(e) On 9 January 2016, Mr Yong and Ms Hwang attended a further meeting at Ms
Sim’s house (the “9 January 2016 Meeting”). Also present were Mr Chua, Mr
Marcus Chua, and Mr Ho (via Skype). 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

SOC at para 16(iv)(o).

At this meeting, the defendants presented two sets of PowerPoint slides titled
“HS Financial Forecast” (the “Financial Forecast Slides”) and the other titled
“Product Portfolio” (the “Product Portfolio Slides”). It is not disputed that
these slides were presented and that they included the following information:
119

##### Foot Note 119

×

SOC at paras 16(iv)(q) and 16(iv)(r); ASOF at s/n 10 and Annex C.

(i) The Financial Forecast Slides stated that the revenue forecast from China
was S$18m in 2016 and S$38.2m in 2017. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

ABOD, Vol 2 at p 1008.

(ii) The Product Portfolio Slides included a picture of the BPro G3 and listed
it as one of Healthstats International’s 24-hour ambulatory blood pressure
monitoring products and a “consumer wearable”. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

ABOD, Vol 2 at pp 1011–1012.

The plaintiffs contend that the Product Portfolio Slides fortified the Product
Representation at [45(c)] above.

(f) On 19 January 2016, as I have noted at [29] above, copies of both the
First China Contract and the Second China Contract were provided by Mr Marcus
Chua to Mr Goh. The plaintiffs contend that this was done to fortify the
Revenue Representation at [45(b)] above. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

SOC at para 16(iv)(s).

(g) Between 14 January 2016 and 24 February 2016, a number of further meetings
took place (the “January–February 2016 Meetings”). These meetings were
attended by (among others) Dr Ting, Mr Chua, Mr Soh, Mr Yong and Ms Hwang, or
some of them. According to the plaintiffs, at each of these meetings, Dr Ting
represented that the BPro devices (which included the BPro G3) had been
developed; that they had received all relevant regulatory approvals; that
there were lucrative contracts relating to them; and that “the time was now”
to invest. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

SOC at para 16(v)(t).

The falsity of the representations

47 The plaintiffs argue that all of the Representations were false. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

SOC at para 31.

48 According to the plaintiffs, the Regulatory Representation was false
because Healthstats International did not have the requisite regulatory
approvals for the BPro G2. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

Defendants’ Opening Statement at para 36.

The plaintiffs rely on the following:

(a) At the material time, Healthstats International had only obtained the HSA,
FDA and CE approval for the BPro G1, and not the BPro G2, although the BPro G2
was being sold in (among other countries) the US, the UK or Europe, and
Singapore. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

SOC at para 31(a)(1).

(b) The changes from the BPro G1 to the BPro G2 were such that fresh
regulatory approvals from the FDA, the HSA, the CE and the CFDA were required
for the BPro G2. However, Healthstats International never applied for or
obtained such approvals for the BPro G2. Even if fresh regulatory approvals
were not required, Healthstats International did not submit the required
“change notifications” to the relevant authorities in respect of the changes
from the BPro G1 to the BPro G2. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

SOC at para 31(a)(2); Reply at para 4(e).

49 In respect of the CasPro, the plaintiffs allege that Healthstats China had
obtained approval from the CFDA in 2012 on the basis of a fabricated report
containing amended clinical trial data. In any event, even before obtaining
the CFDA’s approval on 7 June 2012, Healthstats International had already been
supplying the CasPro to China. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

SOC at para 31(a)(3).

50 Further, the plaintiffs argue that the Revenue Representation and the
Product Representation were false because the Second China Contract (which
included sales for the BPro G3) was not a genuine contract and it was instead
a sham contract. Specifically, the plaintiffs argue that the Second China
Contract was not entered into with the intention of being performed, but was
instead entered into for the defendants to make use of the forecasted revenue
thereunder to fraudulently solicit investments from potential investors. 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

Defendants’ Opening Statement at para 33.

In this regard, the plaintiffs rely on the following: 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

SOC at para 31(b).

(a) The Second China Contract had never been booked into the accounts of
Healthstats International.

(b) Neither Healthstats International nor Healthstats China have any official
record as to the existence of the Second China Contract.

(c) None of Healthstats International’s key employees, including Mr Michael
Tan (the finance manager) and Mr Koh (the head of production), were aware of
the existence of the Second China Contract.

(d) None of Healthstats China’s key employees, including Ms Li (a sales
manager) were aware of the existence of a genuine Second China Contract.

(e) At the material time, no working prototype of the BPro G3 existed. Indeed,
to date, there is no prototype of the BPro G3. The plaintiffs’ position is
that no complete prototype of the BPro G3 was ever developed and that there
was never any manufacturing or development of the BPro G3 devices. 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

Reply at para 13.

51 With regard to the Second China Contract, the plaintiffs deny that the
defendants informed them of the possibility that Healthstats China would not
be able to fulfil its obligations under this contract. The plaintiffs assert
that, on the contrary, the defendants had specifically represented to the
plaintiffs (in, among other things, the Executive Summary) that the revenue
under the two China Contracts was “booked” and that advance orders thereunder
had been “secured”. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

Reply at para 4(k).

The fraudulence or negligence of the representations

52 The plaintiffs aver that the defendants knew, or must have known, that the
Representations were false as the defendants did not have any reasonable
grounds to believe that they were true. In particular, the plaintiffs rely on
the following: 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

Reply at para 7.

(a) At the time the Representations were made, Dr Ting was the executive
chairman and Mr Chua was the chief technology officer of Healthstats
International. Both defendants, therefore, had intimate knowledge of
Healthstats International’s day-to-day affairs and knew, or must have known,
that the Representations were false.

(b) The defendants had no reasonable basis to represent that the revenue from
the two China Contracts was “booked” or that the advance orders thereunder had
been “secured”. At the time the Revenue Representation was made, the balance
of S$3.5m under the First China Contract had not been paid and the remainder
of the products ordered had not been delivered (see [21] above). Further, the
revenue for the Second China Contract was not booked or secured and no orders
were fulfilled thereunder (see [24] above).

(c) Healthstats International did not have CFDA approval for the BPro G2. It
also did not submit any “change notification” to the CFDA in respect of the
changes from the BPro G1 to the BPro G2. Therefore, Healthstats International
did not have the necessary regulatory approval to sell or distribute the BPro
G2 in China.

(d) The Second China Contract included revenue for 210,000 units of the BPro
G3 devices which amounted to S$21m. This was not feasible given that
Healthstats International did not even have a working prototype of the BPro G3
at the time the Second China Contract was entered into.

The plaintiffs’ reliance on the representations and damage suffered

(1) Investment in Healthstats International

53 The plaintiffs assert that they were specifically induced by the
Representations to invest in Healthstats International. 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

Reply at para 8.

54 The plaintiffs allege that Mr Yong acted in reliance on the Representations
in executing the Letter of Intent pursuant to which the Uncharted Group
confirmed its intention to purchase shares in Healthstats International, for a
purchase price to be calculated based on the S$50m Valuation of Healthstats
International. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

SOC at para 16(ii)(m).

55 Further, the plaintiffs claim that, induced by the Representations, Ms
Hwang (through Medivice) had subscribed for the Subscription Shares under the
Subscription Agreement on 12 August 2016 at a value which was higher than what
a buyer would have paid. On this basis, the plaintiffs allege that they had
suffered loss and damage by investing in Healthstats International under the
terms of the Subscription Agreement. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

SOC at paras 27–28 and 34.

56 According to the plaintiffs, their investment in Healthstats International
was based on the S$50m Valuation, which was put forward by the defendants when
they were soliciting the Uncharted Group’s investment in Healthstats
International. The S$50m Valuation was based on, among other things, the
“booked” revenue under the two China Contracts. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

Reply at para 7(a).

In addition, the defendants had specifically relied on the two China Contracts
and the purported revenue derived therefrom (in, among other things, the
Executive Summary) to demonstrate to the plaintiffs that Healthstats
International’s business would improve from the purported profits from the two
China Contracts. 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

Reply at para 7(b).

Healthstats International’s ability to perform the two China Contracts was
contingent on it having the necessary regulatory approvals in respect of all
its devices, and on it having a working prototype of the BPro G3. 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

Reply at para 7(c).

(2) Loans to Healthstats International

57 The plaintiffs also claim that, induced by the Representations, Mr Yong and
Ms Hwang agreed to make the Loans amounting to S$2.5m (as set out at [40]
above) to Healthstats International. The plaintiffs allege that the
circumstances surrounding each loan were as follows:

(a) At a meeting in January 2016, Dr Ting indicated to Mr Yong and Ms Hwang
that Healthstats International needed working capital urgently and would not
last beyond the Lunar New Year without fresh funds. Dr Ting pleaded with them
to loan S$1m to Healthstats International urgently, pending the outcome of
Uncharted Holdings’ due diligence exercise, and proposed that this sum be
structured as a convertible note or bond subject to Healthstats
International’s shareholders’ approval. Acting in reliance on the
Representations, Mr Yong and Ms Hwang agreed to loan S$1m to Healthstats
International on this basis. Ms Hwang transferred this sum to Healthstats
International on or around 20 January 2016. 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

SOC at paras 18–19.

(b) Pending the final outcome of Uncharted Holdings’ due diligence exercise,
in early April 2016, Dr Ting (through Mr Soh) requested Mr Yong and Ms Hwang
to extend a further loan to Healthstats International to cover its expenses
for April 2016. Acting in reliance on the Representations, they agreed to
extend a further loan of S$500,000 with arrangements for this sum to be
treated as a convertible note. 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

SOC at para 23.

(c) Sometime in June and July 2016, acting in reliance on the Representations,
Mr Yong and/or Ms Hwang agreed to loan a further S$1m to Healthstats
International pursuant to Dr Ting’s requests. 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

SOC at para 26.

S$500,000 of this sum was transferred on 10 June 2016 and the remaining
S$500,000 was transferred on 26 July 2016 (see [40] above).

Unlawful means conspiracy

58 Further or in the alternative, the plaintiffs claim that the defendants,
wrongfully and with the intent to injure Mr Yong and/or Ms Hwang through
Medivice, conspired to make the Representations to the plaintiffs in order to
defraud them by presenting a false picture of Healthstats International’s
viability. The plaintiffs allege that the defendants did so to induce Mr Yong
and/or Ms Hwang to make a large investment in Healthstats International
through Medivice under false premises, which was injurious to their interests.
143

##### Foot Note 143

×

SOC at para 35; Plaintiffs’ Opening Statement at paras 46–47.

59 The plaintiffs allege that Dr Ting and Mr Chua were in a conspiracy to do
unlawful acts to them. Pursuant to and in furtherance of this conspiracy, the
defendants made the Representations (as outlined at [45]–[46] above). 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

SOC at para 36.

60 The plaintiffs contend that, by reason of the conspiracy, they have
suffered loss and damage, and that the defendants are jointly and severally
liable to them in damages for the conspiracy. 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

SOC at para 37.

The remedy sought

61 The plaintiffs seek damages at common law for the defendants’ fraudulent or
negligent misrepresentation. Alternatively, they claim damages for
misrepresentation pursuant to s 2 of the Misrepresentation Act. 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

SOC, p 22 at paras (1) and (2).

With regard to the alleged unlawful means conspiracy, the plaintiffs seek a
declaration that the defendants participated in a conspiracy to injure them by
unlawful means, as well as damages for conspiracy. 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

SOC, p 22 at para (3).

62 The plaintiffs engaged an expert witness, Ms Grace Lui Kit Ying (“Ms Lui”),
to perform an indicative share valuation on Healthstats International as at 31
August 2016. 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

BAEIC, Vol 3, Tab 11 (Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief of Grace Lui Kit Ying
(“GL”)) at para 2.

Ms Lui considered two possible valuation methods: the Discounted Cash Flow
method and the Guideline Public Company method. Applying the former method, Ms
Lui assessed the estimated market value of the equity in Healthstats
International, without the two China Contracts, to be S$0. 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

BAEIC, Vol 3, Tab 11 (GL) at p 1752.

On this basis, the plaintiffs argue that they paid S$5m under the Subscription
Agreement to subscribe for shares in Healthstats International that were
effectively worthless. Therefore, they claim damages of S$5m. 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

Plaintiffs’ Opening Statement at paras 49–50.

The defendants’ case

63 The defendants’ position is that both Mr Yong and Ms Hwang were
sophisticated, savvy and well-advised investors who were experienced in
investing in global companies which operated businesses in various industries.
151

##### Foot Note 151

×

Defence at paras 19, 21 and 31.

According to the defendants, Mr Yong had initiated the discussions and the
proposal to invest in Healthstats International. 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

Defence at para 30.

64 The defendants deny that the alleged Representations were made. They argue
that the representations that they did make to the plaintiffs were true in
substance and in fact. They deny that the Representations, or any other
representations made by them, were made with the intention of inducing the
plaintiffs to invest in Healthstats International. Further, they deny that the
plaintiffs were induced by the Representations to invest in Healthstats
International. 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

Defence at paras 34–35.

The representations made by the defendants

65 With regard to the Regulatory Representation, the defendants deny that they
made this alleged representation and contend that nothing in the evidence
supports this allegation. 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

Defendants’ Opening Statement at para 65.

With regard to the Revenue Representation, the defendants do not deny that
they represented to the plaintiffs that S$18m of sales had been booked for
2016 and S$38.2m of sales had been booked for 2017, but they emphasise that
these were no more than revenue forecasts and there was no warranty or
confirmation of any numbers. 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

Defendants’ Opening Statement at paras 46 and 50.

With regard to the Product Representation, the defendants accept that they
told Mr Yong in November 2015 that Healthstats International was to launch the
BPro G3 in the second quarter of 2016. However, they contend that this was no
more than a target date to be worked towards. 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

Defendants’ Opening Statement at para 74.

66 The defendants do not dispute that meetings were held between Dr Ting, Mr
Chua and Mr Yong between October 2015 and January 2016. However, the
defendants’ account of what transpired during these meetings diverges from the
plaintiff’s account of the October 2015 Meeting, the 21 November 2015 Meeting
and the January–February 2016 Meetings described at [46] above: 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

Defence at para 32.

(a) In October or November 2015, during one of Mr Yong’s visits to Dr Ting’s
medical clinic, he asked Dr Ting how the blood pressure monitoring business
was doing. Dr Ting informed Mr Yong that the business was in need of funds to
scale up development and production. Mr Yong then informed Dr Ting that he had
a Hong Kong-listed vehicle (ie, Success Dragon) which could play a pivotal
role in unlocking funds for Healthstats International. As Mr Yong was
interested in finding out more about Healthstats International’s business and
inventions, Dr Ting invited him to Healthstats International’s office where
its business could be further explained to him. 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

Defence at paras 32(a)–32(d).

(b) In or around October or November 2015, Mr Yong attended at Healthstats
International’s office together with Mr Soh, Mr Salas (whom Mr Yong introduced
as the chairman and CEO of Success Dragon), Mr Goh and Mr Ron Tan (whom Mr
Yong introduced as a shareholder of Success Dragon and his nominee). 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

FBP-2, p 11 at para 9(3).

The defendants were present at this meeting. It was after this meeting that
subsequent meetings and conversations relating to Healthstats International
took place between Mr Yong and Dr Ting, with Mr Chua participating at times.
160

##### Foot Note 160

×

Defence at paras 32(e)–32(g).

(c) In the course of these meetings and conversations, the defendants shared
factual representations relating to Healthstats International’s business with
Mr Yong and his team. 161

##### Foot Note 161

×

Defence at para 33.

For example, these representations related to Healthstats International and
its subsidiaries (including Healthstats China), the BPro and CasPro devices,
the development of a prototype of the BPro G3, and the two China Contracts
with Healthstats China. 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

Defence at paras 2–17 (read with para 33).

The defendants contend that these representations were true. 163

##### Foot Note 163

×

Defence at para 34.

The defendants had reasonable grounds to believe that their representations
were true

67 The defendants contend that at all material times, they had reasonable
grounds to believe and did believe that all the representations they made to
the plaintiffs were true. 164

##### Foot Note 164

×

Defence at paras 35–36.

68 In particular, with regard to each of the Representations alleged by the
plaintiffs, the defendants argue as follows:

(a) Regulatory Representation:

(i) With regard to the BPro devices: Given that the changes from the BPro G1
to the BPro G2 did not affect the core function of the latter, Healthstats
International’s regulatory and technical team determined that fresh
submissions for regulatory approval were not yet required for the then BPro G2
prototype. 165

##### Foot Note 165

×

Defence at para 11.

In any event, prior to obtaining FDA approval, the BPro G2 was never sold and
was only used in clinical trials. 166

##### Foot Note 166

×

Defence at para 66.

(ii) With regard to the CasPro devices: No fabrication of clinical trial data
took place and these clinical trials were in compliance with China’s
regulatory standards. 167

##### Foot Note 167

×

Defence at para 66.

(iii) In any event, any supply of the BPro and CasPro devices prior to
obtaining the CFDA’s approval was to the People’s Liberation Army Air Force,
which did not require CFDA approval. 168

##### Foot Note 168

×

Defence at para 66.

(b) Revenue Representation: Under the Second China Contract, Healthstats
International was to make sales of S$18m in 2016 and S$38.2m in 2017 to
Healthstats China. Shortly after the two China Contracts were signed (ie, 13
August 2015 and 26 October 2015), Winsan was suspended from trading on the
Shanghai Stock Exchange. According to the defendants, Healthstats
International’s shareholders were informed of the suspension at an annual
general meeting on 4 December 2015, and were told that there was a possibility
that Healthstats China would not be able to fulfil its obligations under the
two China Contracts. However, Winsan’s suspension was lifted on or around 8
December 2015 and Winsan announced on 9 December 2015 that it had been awarded
a further tender to provide remote blood pressure monitoring. 169

##### Foot Note 169

×

Defence at paras 17(c)–17(e).

The defendants deny that the Second China Contract was a sham contract. 170

##### Foot Note 170

×

Defence at para 66.

(c) Product Representation: The defendants contend that Mr Soh’s change of
Healthstats International’s business model from a sales-based model to a
service-based model meant that the funding and focus previously afforded to
the BPro G3 would be stopped and shifted to the BPro G2. This left the
development of the BPro G3 without the necessary funding and focus. 171

##### Foot Note 171

×

Defence at para 54(e).

Whether the plaintiffs relied on the alleged representations

69 Further or in the alternative, the defendants deny that the plaintiffs were
induced by any representations to invest in Healthstats International. 172

##### Foot Note 172

×

Defence at para 36.

The defendants emphasise that Mr Yong and Ms Hwang were at all times well-
advised by a team of professional advisors, including Baker & McKenzie, DLA
Piper and KPMG. They had appointed these professional advisors to carry out
due diligence and advise them on various aspects of their investment in
Healthstats International. The due diligence exercise was wide-ranging,
including intellectual property, licensing and approvals, contracts and
taxation. Mr Yong testified that he had spent about S$300,000 in engaging
these professional advisors. 173

##### Foot Note 173

×

Transcript (27 July 2021) at p 37 lines 10–16.

According to the defendants, Dr Ting met Mr Yong on various occasions between
March and April 2016 and was informed by Mr Yong that the due diligence
carried out by these professional advisors on Healthstats International was
satisfactory. 174

##### Foot Note 174

×

Defence at para 55.

Further, the Subscription Agreement was prepared by Baker & McKenzie, and Mr
Yong and/or Ms Hwang were well-advised on its terms. 175

##### Foot Note 175

×

Defence at para 58(g).

In addition, in February 2016, while the Sale and Purchase Agreement between
Uncharted Holdings and the selling shareholders of Healthstats International
was still pending completion, Dr Ting agreed (at Mr Yong’s request) to
formally appoint Mr Soh as the CEO of Healthstats International in March 2016,
to replace Dr Ting (see [30]–[31] above).

70 Instead, the defendants argue that the plaintiffs’ decision to invest in
Healthstats International arose pursuant to Mr Yong’s plans to diversify
Success Dragon’s portfolio. 176

##### Foot Note 176

×

Defence at paras 37 and 41.

According to the defendants, Mr Yong was interested in procuring Success
Dragon’s acquisition of a majority stake in Healthstats International through
a transaction involving the purchase of shares in Healthstats International in
consideration for shares in Success Dragon (the “Proposed Share Swap”). 177

##### Foot Note 177

×

Defence at para 43(c).

During their discussions, Mr Yong informed Dr Ting that in order to implement
the Proposed Share Swap, he (Mr Yong) would first need to acquire an interest
of at least 75% in Healthstats International so that he would have the
requisite majority to approve a special resolution for the Proposed Share
Swap. 178

##### Foot Note 178

×

Defence at paras 43(d)–43(e).

It was in this context that Mr Yong brought his team to meet the defendants in
October or November 2015. 179

##### Foot Note 179

×

Defence at para 43(f).

The defendants also contend that Mr Soh was installed as CEO by Mr Yong to
carry out work relating to Mr Yong’s and Ms Hwang’s acquisition of a majority
stake in Healthstats International and to facilitate the implementation of the
Proposed Share Swap. 180

##### Foot Note 180

×

Defence at para 54.

71 The defendants further contend that it was Mr Yong who proposed the
disbursements of the Loans to Healthstats International. According to the
defendants, Mr Yong proposed the acquisition of a majority interest in
Healthstats International in the following manner: 181

##### Foot Note 181

×

Defence at para 44.

(a) Mr Yong would acquire shares in Healthstats International through
companies under his or Ms Hwang’s management and control. These companies
included the Uncharted Group, Uncharted Holdings and Medivice.

(b) Concurrently, Mr Yong would disburse the Loans to Healthstats
International, which would thereafter (at the option of Mr Yong or Ms Hwang)
be set off against the consideration to be paid for the Subscription Shares.

72 The defendants’ understanding is that Uncharted Holdings did not complete
the Sale and Purchase Agreement, and Ms Hwang did not exercise the Call Option
under the Subscription Agreement for the Option Shares, because of financial
difficulties faced by Mr Yong. These financial difficulties arose out of
unforeseen major regulatory changes in Vietnam which led to a sharp decline in
Success Dragon’s share price. This adversely affected Mr Yong’s ability to
raise funds to complete the Sale and Purchase Agreement and the subscription
for the Option Shares. 182

##### Foot Note 182

×

Defence at para 60.

As a result of Uncharted Holdings’ failure to complete the Sale and Purchase
Agreement and Ms Hwang’s failure to exercise the Call Option, Mr Yong failed
to acquire a majority shareholding in Healthstats International and the
Proposed Share Swap was not completed. 183

##### Foot Note 183

×

Defence at para 62.

73 Consequently, the defendants argue that even if the alleged Representations
were made, the plaintiffs did not rely on them:

(a) With regard to the Regulatory Representation, the plaintiffs could not
have relied on this alleged representation in entering into the Subscription
Agreement in view of the due diligence report produced by DLA Piper. Further,
Mr Marcus Chua had expressly disclosed the exact number of regulatory
approvals which Healthstats International had obtained at the material time.
184

##### Foot Note 184

×

Defendants’ Opening Statement at para 81.

(b) With regard to the Revenue Representation, Mr Yong never placed any
reliance on the Second China Contract being performed. The S$50m Valuation was
Mr Yong’s valuation, and Mr Yong candidly admitted that he was not concerned
about the Second China Contract but instead focused on the First China
Contract. 185

##### Foot Note 185

×

Defendants’ Opening Statement at paras 78–79.

(c) With regard to the Product Representation, the Subscription Agreement was
signed in August 2016, well after the second quarter of 2016 when the BPro G3
was targeted to be launched. Hence, by the time the Subscription Agreement was
signed, the plaintiffs would have known that the BPro G3 had not yet been
launched. Therefore, the plaintiffs never relied upon the alleged Product
Representation when they invested in Healthstats International. 186

##### Foot Note 186

×

Defendants’ Opening Statement at para 80.

Unlawful means conspiracy

74 The defendants deny that there was an unlawful means conspiracy to injure
the plaintiffs. They reiterate that they did not make any false
representations to the plaintiffs. Further, they deny that they had any
intention to cause injury to the plaintiffs. 187

##### Foot Note 187

×

Defence at paras 64–65.

The interlocutory applications

75 Apart from the main Suit, four summonses were heard: an application for
specific discovery (Summons No 1975 of 2021 (“SUM 1975”)); an application for
third party discovery (Summons No 1976 of 2021 (“SUM 1976”)); an application
for declaratory relief (Summons No 1688 of 2021 (“SUM 1688”)); and an
application for adjournment (Summons No 2330 of 2021 (“SUM 2330”)).

Applications for discovery (SUM 1975 and SUM 1976)

76 SUM 1975 was an application for specific discovery in which the defendants
sought the following categories of documents from the plaintiffs: 188

##### Foot Note 188

×

HC/SUM 1975/2021; 9th Affidavit of Ting Choon Meng dated 1 May 2021 (“TCM-9”,
Tab 5 (Annex A) at pp 35–36.

(a) the audited financial statements and/or management accounts of Uncharted
Holdings from 2015 to April 2016, evidencing that Uncharted Holdings had the
means to purchase 17,113,532 of Healthstats International’s shares for the sum
of $26,970,926.43;

(b) the bank statements of Uncharted Holdings from January to May 2016,
evidencing that it had funds to purchase 17,113,532 of Healthstats
International’s shares for the sum of $26,970,926.43; that Uncharted Holdings
had the ability to acquire shares in Healthstats International; and proof of
payment to DLA Piper and Baker & McKenzie for their due diligence reports;

(c) in the event that Uncharted Holdings did not pay for DLA Piper’s and Baker
& McKenzie’s due diligence reports, documents evidencing who paid for these
reports and evidence of such payments for the period from January to May 2016;
and

(d) the legal documents and contracts handed over by Winsan to Healthstats
China, which were referred to in the Winsan Handover Checklist exhibited in Ms
Li’s affidavit of evidence-in-chief. 189

##### Foot Note 189

×

BAEIC, Vol 2, Tab 7 (LWW) at para 17 and pp 1391–1395 (translated at BAEIC,
Vol 2, Tab 8 (LH) at pp 1445–1450).

77 On the first day of trial, I granted leave for SUM 1975 to be kept in
abeyance pending Mr Yong’s testimony at the trial, as sought by the
defendants’ counsel. 190

##### Foot Note 190

×

Transcript (3 May 2021), p 12 at lines 12–24.

78 SUM 1976 was the defendants’ application for third party discovery against
Healthstats China, in which they sought the legal documents and contracts
handed over by Winsan to Healthstats China (see [76(d)] above). 191

##### Foot Note 191

×

HC/SUM 1976/2021; TCM-9, Tab 5 (Annex A) at p 36.

SUM 1976 was settled between the parties before the trial commenced. 192

##### Foot Note 192

×

Transcript (3 May 2021), p 3 at lines 13–21.

After hearing the parties’ brief submissions on costs, I awarded costs of
S$500 to Healthstats China on the defendants’ counsel’s undertaking to make
the necessary payment. 193

##### Foot Note 193

×

Transcript (3 May 2021), p 10 at lines 17–20.

Application for declaratory relief under O 33 r 2 (SUM 1688)

79 SUM 1688 was Dr Ting’s application under O 33 r 2 of the Rules of Court
(2014 Rev Ed) for declarations that Mr Yong and Medivice were not entitled to
rely on s 2(1) of the Misrepresentation Act; that Mr Yong and Medivice could
not maintain a claim for misrepresentation against the defendants because no
detriment and no inducement had been shown; and that the plaintiffs’
conspiracy claim be dismissed. 194

##### Foot Note 194

×

HC/SUM 1688/2021.

80 With regard to s 2(1) of the Misrepresentation Act, the defendants argued
that only Ms Hwang can rely on this provision because it requires that “a
person has entered into a contract after a misrepresentation has been made to
him by another party thereto” [emphasis added]. As the Subscription Agreement
was entered into between Ms Hwang and Healthstats International, the
defendants contended that neither Mr Yong nor Medivice can rely on s 2(1). 195

##### Foot Note 195

×

Defendants’ Opening Statement at paras 37–39.

81 With regard to misrepresentation generally, the defendants similarly argued
that only Ms Hwang could be a plaintiff in this Suit:

(a) First, the defendants contended that Medivice cannot be a plaintiff
because the Subscription Agreement was entered into between Healthstats
International and Ms Hwang, in her own name. Medivice was allocated the
Subscription Shares as Ms Hwang’s nominee. Medivice did not make any
investment in Healthstats International. 196

##### Foot Note 196

×

Defendants’ Opening Statement at paras 24–26.

Further, given that Medivice was incorporated on 17 February 2016, after the
alleged Representations were made by the defendants, Medivice could not have
relied upon or been induced by the Representations. 197

##### Foot Note 197

×

Defendants’ Opening Statement at para 76.

(b) Next, the defendants argued that it is logically inconsistent for both Mr
Yong and Ms Hwang to be plaintiffs. Clause 16 of the Subscription Agreement
provides that, save for any nominee nominated by Ms Hwang to hold the
Subscription Shares, no third party would have any rights thereunder. 198

##### Foot Note 198

×

ABOD, Vol 1 at pp 372–373.

However, the plaintiffs pleaded that Ms Hwang entered into the Subscription
Agreement “on her own behalf and/or on behalf of Mark [ie, Mr Yong]”. 199

##### Foot Note 199

×

SOC at para 28.

If Ms Hwang entered into the Subscription Agreement on her own behalf, Mr Yong
would have no rights under the Subscription Agreement and cannot be a
plaintiff. If, instead, Ms Hwang entered into the Subscription Agreement on Mr
Yong’s behalf, then Ms Hwang would merely have been acting as an agent for Mr
Yong and cannot be a plaintiff. 200

##### Foot Note 200

×

Defendants’ Opening Statement at paras 27–33.

82 After hearing the parties’ arguments on this matter, I decided to keep SUM
1688 in abeyance until the end of the trial and declined to make any order.
This was because the issues on which declarations were sought in SUM 1688 were
live issues for determination in the present proceedings. 201

##### Foot Note 201

×

Transcript (3 May 2021), p 20 at lines 4–17 and p 21 at lines 14–22.

Application for adjournment (SUM 2330)

83 SUM 2330 was the plaintiffs’ application for the adjournment of the trial
after the plaintiffs’ witnesses, save for Mr Yong and Ms Hwang, had given
their evidence. 202

##### Foot Note 202

×

HC/SUM 2330/2021.

Mr Yong and Ms Hwang had intended to travel from Zimbabwe to Singapore via a
transit in Dubai in late April 2021, to attend the trial for this Suit.
However, upon their arrival in the Dubai International Airport, Mr Yong was
detained by the Dubai authorities as there was a notice issued by INTERPOL
against him in respect of certain debts that he was alleged to have had in
South Korea. He was taken to a holding facility situated within the Dubai
International Airport 203

##### Foot Note 203

×

6th Affidavit of Yeow Guan Wei Joel dated 7 May 2021, pp 5–7 (Affidavit of
Emily Hwang Mei Chen dated 12 May 2021) (“EHMC (SUM 2330)”) at paras 4–7 and
9.

and was still in custody when SUM 2330 was heard on 20 May 2021.

84 The plaintiffs sought an adjournment in respect of both Mr Yong and Ms
Hwang under O 35 r 3 of the Rules of Court or pursuant to the exercise of the
court’s inherent jurisdiction. 204

##### Foot Note 204

×

Plaintiff’s Skeletal Submissions for Adjournment of Trial (“PWS (SUM 2330)”)
at paras 23–26 and 39–41.

It was not disputed that Mr Yong’s evidence was of utmost importance to the
issues in dispute in the present Suit. The plaintiffs submitted that denying
an adjournment in respect of Mr Yong would have severe adverse consequences
for their case, and emphasised that he was unable to attend the trial due to
circumstances entirely beyond his control. 205

##### Foot Note 205

×

PWS (SUM 2330) at para 4.

As for Ms Hwang, she had deposed that Mr Yong’s situation had left her in
great distress and that she was in no state to give evidence in the trial. 206

##### Foot Note 206

×

EHMC (SUM 2330) at para 33.

The plaintiffs submitted that forcing Ms Hwang to give evidence while in such
a distressed state of mind would unfairly prejudice the plaintiffs’ ability to
present their case fully to this court, and that Ms Hwang’s evidence is also
crucial to the plaintiffs’ case. 207

##### Foot Note 207

×

PWS (SUM 2330) at paras 43 and 45–46.

Further, the plaintiffs submitted that an adjournment of the trial would not
cause any prejudice to the defendants that would not be compensable in costs.
208

##### Foot Note 208

×

PWS (SUM 2330) at para 47.

85 The defendants did not contest the adjournment in respect of Mr Yong but
submitted that no adjournment should be granted in respect of Ms Hwang. 209

##### Foot Note 209

×

Transcript (20 May 2021), p 33 at lines 2–8 and 21–22 and p 36 at lines 1–10.

86 After considering the parties’ submissions, I allowed the plaintiffs’
application for the adjournment of the trial and for both Mr Yong and Ms Hwang
to give their evidence in the second tranche of the trial. 210

##### Foot Note 210

×

Transcript (20 May 2021), p 38 at lines 5–7 and 18–19.

Adopting a practical approach, even if no adjournment was granted for Ms
Hwang, an adjournment would need to be granted for Mr Yong. Bearing in mind Mr
Yong’s and Ms Hwang’s predicament in Dubai and her understandable anxiety and
distress at the situation in which she and her husband had found themselves, I
was prepared to accommodate their application for adjournment as a matter of
fairness. 211

##### Foot Note 211

×

Transcript (20 May 2021), p 37 at lines 23–25 and p 38 at lines 1–5.

Issues to be determined

87 The main issues that arise for my determination are as follows:

(a) Were the alleged Representations made by the defendants?

(b) If these Representations were indeed made, were they false representations
of fact?

(c) Did the plaintiffs rely on the Representations?

(d) If the three questions above are answered in the affirmative, did the
defendants make the Representations fraudulently?

(e) Was there an unlawful means conspiracy by the defendants?

88 I shall consider each of these issues in turn.

My decision

Misrepresentation

The applicable law

89 It is trite that to ascertain whether an operative misrepresentation has
been made, there must be a false statement of existing or past fact made by
one party (ie, the representor) before or at the time of making the contract,
to the other party (ie, the representee), and the representee must have been
induced to enter into the contract (see Lim Koon Park and another v Yap Jin
Meng Bryan and another [2013] 4 SLR 150 at [38]).

90 Where fraudulent misrepresentation is alleged, the plaintiff must prove
five elements (see Panatron Pte Ltd and another v Lee Cheow Lee and another
[2001] 2 SLR(R) 435 (“Panatron”) at [14], recently applied in Ma Hongjin v Sim
Eng Tong [2021] SGHC 84 (“Ma Hongjin”) at [19]):

(a) a false representation of fact was made by words or conduct by the
representor;

(b) the representation was made with the intention that it should be acted
upon by the representee (or by a class of persons which includes the
representee);

(c) the representee acted upon the false statement;

(d) the representee suffered damage by so doing; and

(e) the representation was made with knowledge that it is false; it must be
wilfully false, or at least made in the absence of any genuine belief that it
is true.

91 Where negligent misrepresentation is alleged, the plaintiff must prove the
following five elements (see IM Skaugen SE and another v MAN Diesel & Turbo SE
and another [2018] SGHC 123 (“IM Skaugen”) at [121]; Ma Hongjin at [20]):

(a) the representor made a false representation of fact to the representee;

(b) the representation induced the representee’s actual reliance;

(c) the representor owed the representee a duty to take reasonable care in
making the representation;

(d) the representor breached that duty of care; and

(e) the breach caused damage to the representee.

92 The elements common to both fraudulent and negligent misrepresentation are:
(a) that the representor made a false representation of fact (the
“Representation Requirement”); and (b) that there was inducement and reliance
by the representee (the “Reliance Requirement”) (IM Skaugen at [122]–[123]). I
shall consider the Representation Requirement and the Reliance Requirement in
turn before going on to address the other elements of fraudulent and negligent
misrepresentation.

Whether the Representation Requirement is satisfied

(1) To whom were the Representations made?

93 My analysis of whether the Representations were made to the plaintiffs
shall proceed from two perspectives.

94 The first perspective is: did the defendants make the Representations
directly to Ms Hwang? This perspective is a technical one. Ms Hwang entered
into the Subscription Agreement with Healthstats International on 12 August
2016. Since Ms Hwang is the only plaintiff that was a party to this agreement,
the inquiry in this regard should strictly focus on whether the
misrepresentations were made to her. This is especially the case for the
plaintiffs’ claim under s 2(1) of the Misrepresentation Act: as I have stated
earlier (see [80] above), the defendants argue that only Ms Hwang can rely on
this provision because it requires that “a person has entered into a contract
after a misrepresentation has been made to him by another party thereto”
[emphasis added]. On this view, the proper inquiry concerns whether the
Representations were made by the defendants to Ms Hwang, and not to the other
plaintiffs in this action who are not party to the Subscription Agreement,
viz, Mr Yong and Medivice.

95 On this perspective, it follows that the parties’ extensive submissions on
whether the Representations were made to Mr Yong would seem to be irrelevant.

96 However, Ms Hwang’s own case is that the Representations were not made to
her by the defendants directly. Indeed, Ms Hwang insisted that it was Mr Yong
who told her that the Representations were made by the defendants before she
signed the Subscription Agreement. 212

##### Foot Note 212

×

Transcript (28 July 2021) at p 58 lines 9–19.

She claimed that her involvement in the investment in Healthstats
International through the Subscription Agreement was minimal. She also claimed
that this was because Mr Yong is a savvy businessman, so she left the details
of the Healthstats International investment and the running of its business to
Mr Yong. 213

##### Foot Note 213

×

Transcript (28 July 2021) at p 44 lines 14–20; p 58 lines 3–8.

Succinctly put, she relied almost solely on Mr Yong for this investment. 214

##### Foot Note 214

×

Transcript (28 July 2021) at p 64 lines 18–20.

Ms Hwang came to the conclusion that Dr Ting had deceived her and Mr Yong when
Mr Yong told her about the deceit sometime in 2018 or 2019. 215

##### Foot Note 215

×

Transcript (28 July 2021) at p 64 lines 8–14.

She could not remember if she had even asked whether Healthstats International
was making profits from 2015 to 2016, ie, around the period in which she
entered into the Subscription Agreement. 216

##### Foot Note 216

×

Transcript (28 July 2021) at p 66 line 21 to p 68 line 11.

She also did not ask Dr Ting whether Healthstats International was profitable.
217

##### Foot Note 217

×

Transcript (28 July 2021) at p 68 lines 12–16.

Ms Hwang said she did not attend any of the business meetings in the offices
of Healthstats International in 2015 and 2016. 218

##### Foot Note 218

×

Transcript (27 July 2021) at p 136 line 20 to p 137 line 9; Transcript (28
July 2021) at p 37 line 23 to p 38 line 10; p 41 lines 20–21.

97 Having considered Ms Hwang’s evidence, I find, on a balance of
probabilities, that she was merely Mr Yong’s nominee in the Healthstats
International investment. They, as husband and wife, did not differentiate
between their respective assets, 219

##### Foot Note 219

×

Transcript (22 July 2021) at p 41 lines 4–5.

and Mr Yong was the brains behind the Subscription Agreement.

98 I now consider the second perspective: were the Representations made by the
defendants to Ms Hwang through Mr Yong? Hence, my analysis below will focus on
whether the Representations were made to Mr Yong on the basis that he would
then communicate the Representations to Ms Hwang.

(2) Whether the Regulatory Representation was made

99 As I have noted at [65] above, the defendants denied making the Regulatory
Representation, ie, that all of Healthstats International’s products had
obtained the necessary regulatory approvals from the HSA, the FDA and the CE.

100 On the other hand, the plaintiffs allege that the Regulatory
Representation was made and they relied on the following evidence:

(a) Mr Yong testified that at the October 2015 Meeting, Dr Ting stated that
the BPro and the CasPro had already obtained FDA approval and would easily
obtain worldwide approval. 220

##### Foot Note 220

×

BAEIC, Vol 1, Tab 1 (YKYM) at para 24(a).

(b) Mr Yong further testified that at the 21 November 2015 Meeting, Dr Ting
represented to him that the BPro G1 had been approved by regulatory
authorities such as the FDA, the HSA, the CE and the CFDA. Dr Ting further
represented that all of Healthstats International’s products (including the
BPro G2) had obtained all the relevant regulatory approvals, including
approvals from the HSA, the CE, the FDA and the CFDA. 221

##### Foot Note 221

×

BAEIC, Vol 1, Tab 1 (YKYM) at paras 26(b) and 26(e).

(c) It was undisputed that Dr Ting sent Mr Yong the Executive Summary after
the 21 November 2015 Meeting. It was stated therein that the BPro technology
was “now well accepted by medical communities around the world”, that
Healthstats International had achieved “USA FDA and European CE MDD mark
approvals”. 222

##### Foot Note 222

×

ABOD, Vol 2, Tab 30 at p 1000.

(d) Mr Yong testified that at the 5 January 2016 Meeting, Dr Ting repeated
that the BPro devices had received all necessary regulatory approvals,
including FDA, CE and HSA approvals. 223

##### Foot Note 223

×

BAEIC, Vol 1, Tab 1 (YKYM) at para 41.

(e) Mr Soh testified that when he was appointed as the CEO of Healthstats
International in March 2016, he understood from the defendants that the BPro
G2 had already obtained the required regulatory approval. After Mr Soh found
out from DLA Piper’s report (in March 2016) that only the BPro G1 had FDA
approval, the defendants had explained to him that this regulatory approval
also covered the BPro G2 as it was a predicate device and there were minimal
changes from the BPro G1 to the BPro G2. 224

##### Foot Note 224

×

Transcript (6 May 2021), p 158 at lines 8–19; Transcript (7 May 2021), p 13 at
lines 10–17; Transcript (14 May 2021), p 47 at lines 14–23.

Mr Soh said that he had no formal knowledge of the regulatory approval process
and was not in any position to question or verify the accuracy of what the
defendants represented to him. Therefore, he trusted what the defendants
represented and accepted this at face value. 225

##### Foot Note 225

×

Transcript (7 May 2021), p 17 at lines 1–9; Transcript (14 May 2021), p 62 at
lines 1–12.

However, Mr Soh admitted that he had not looked at the documents to satisfy
himself that the BPro G2 had obtained the required regulatory approvals. 226

##### Foot Note 226

×

Transcript (7 May 2021), p 29 at lines 3–5.

Mr Soh said he only found out that a separate application for regulatory
approval had to be made for the BPro G2 “towards the later part of the year of
2016”. 227

##### Foot Note 227

×

Transcript (14 May 2021), p 63 at lines 18–22.

Thereafter, he informed Mr Yong of this around August 2016. 228

##### Foot Note 228

×

Transcript (17 May 2021), p 100 at lines 1–8.

101 On the other hand, the defendants maintain that they never made the
alleged Regulatory Representation. The defendants testified that, in January
2016, the BPro G2 was still in its prototype and testing stages. 229

##### Foot Note 229

×

BAEIC, Vol 4, Tab 13 (TCM) at para 94; BAEIC, Vol 4, Tab 14 (Affidavit of
Evidence-in-Chief of Chua Ngak Hwee (“CNH”)) at para 65.

The development of the BPro G2 had to be conducted in planned stages, and it
was only after all the stages (including clinical trials and a battery of
tests, such as lab tests and safety tests) were completed that Healthstats
International could have applied for regulatory approval for the BPro G2.
Therefore, there was no way that the defendants would have represented to Mr
Yong that the BPro G2 had already received FDA approval. 230

##### Foot Note 230

×

BAEIC, Vol 4, Tab 13 (TCM) at paras 45–46; BAEIC, Vol 4, Tab 14 (CNH) at paras
28–29.

102 The burden of proving that the defendants made the Regulatory
Representation rests on the plaintiffs (see Trans-World (Aluminium) Ltd v
Cornelder China (Singapore) [2003] 3 SLR(R) 501 at [29]; Ma Hongjin at [25]).

(A) The BPro G2

103 The documentary evidence suggests that the defendants represented to Mr
Yong that FDA approval was obtained for the BPro G2. The Executive Summary
sent by Dr Ting to Mr Yong on 22 November 2015 is contemporaneous evidence
that the defendants made the Regulatory Representation. The Executive Summary
was prepared by Mr Marcus Chua in consultation with Mr Chua. 231

##### Foot Note 231

×

Transcript (2 August 2021) at p 93 lines 23–25.

104 There are two issues with regard to the Executive Summary. First, did the
defendants refer to the BPro G2 in this document? Second, did the defendants
refer to the final version of the BPro G2 in this document?

105 With regard to the first issue, the Executive Summary did give the
impression that FDA approval had been obtained in respect of the BPro G2.

106 The first page of the Executive Summary states as follows: 232

##### Foot Note 232

×

ABOD, Vol 2, Tab 30 at p 1000.

…

Key Considerations

1\. Strong Technology Platform

• Wireless Wearable Technology – World’s first FDA approved watch-based
ambulatory blood pressure monitoring device

• First device in the world that uses applanation tonometry methodology to
capture 24-hour blood pressure readings

• Proprietary algorithm that calculates pulse waves related clinical indices,
in particular central aortic systolic pressure

• Cloud based analysis, reporting and data repository

[graphic]

107 In cross-examination, Dr Ting stated that “Wireless Wearable Technology”
referred to the BPro G2 and that the rest of the bullet point referred to the
software that the BPro G2 used (“the BPro Soft”). 233

##### Foot Note 233

×

Transcript (28 July 2021) at p 105 line 21 to p 106 line 13.

Dr Ting claimed that the words “FDA approved” in that bullet point thus meant
that FDA approval was obtained in respect of the BPro Soft, not the BPro G2.
234

##### Foot Note 234

×

Transcript (28 July 2021) at p 106 lines 9–13.

Dr Ting’s explanation does not comport with the plain meaning of that bullet
point. The last part of that bullet point states that FDA approval was
obtained for the “blood pressure monitoring device” [emphasis added]. Hence,
the reference must be to the BPro G2 (ie, the device) and not to the BPro Soft
(ie, the software).

108 Moreover, Dr Ting also testified that the third bullet point under the
same heading referred to the BPro Soft, and the plaintiffs’ counsel rightly
pointed out that there was no reference to FDA approval in that bullet point.
235

##### Foot Note 235

×

Transcript (28 July 2021) at p 111 line 22 to p 112 line 3.

Reading this section in totality, I find that a person reading this bullet
point would have the impression that the BPro G2 was approved by the FDA. Dr
Ting also conceded that this was the case. 236

##### Foot Note 236

×

Transcript (28 July 2021) at p 107 line 21 to p 108 line 2.

109 Furthermore, on the same page of the Executive Summary, there is a graphic
just below the bullet points under the heading of “Strong Technology
Platform”. This graphic shows a watch-like device with a caption, “BPro® G2”,
which I reproduce below:

![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)

Dr Ting similarly conceded that this graphic suggested that FDA approval had
been obtained for the BPro G2. 237

##### Foot Note 237

×

Transcript (28 July 2021) at p 110 lines 15–21; Transcript (29 July 2021) at p
129 lines 14–19.

110 With regard to the second issue, the Executive Summary did give the
impression that FDA approval had been obtained in respect of the final version
of the BPro G2.

111 In re-examination, Mr Chua explained that the graphic in the Executive
Summary was simply to show what the final design of the BPro G2 would look
like. 238

##### Foot Note 238

×

Transcript (3 August 2021) at p 128 line 16 to p 131 line 24.

The reference to a device having obtained FDA approval was to an earlier
version of the BPro G2. Indeed, Mr Chua explained that there was an earlier
prototype of the BPro G2 developed in 2013. 239

##### Foot Note 239

×

Transcript (2 August 2021) at p 121 lines 13–17.

In this prototype there was a detachable “cap” or “cradle” over the face of
the BPro G1 (“the prototype BPro G2”). This cap had Bluetooth connectivity and
a power source to transmit wireless data from the BPro Soft in the BPro G1 to
the computer. 240

##### Foot Note 240

×

Transcript (2 August 2021) at p 129 lines 1–6.

Mr Chua’s testimony at trial in this regard is consistent with that in his
affidavit of evidence-in-chief, wherein he described a prototype BPro G2 with
an attached cap as a “cover” or “dongle” to house Bluetooth technology so as
to transmit the data wirelessly. 241

##### Foot Note 241

×

BAEIC, Vol 6, p 3291 at para 26.

I reproduce the designs of this prototype here: 242

##### Foot Note 242

×

Exhibits D3.14 and D3.16.

![](data:image/Png;base64,
iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAtoAAAKJCAYAAACF9I5qAAAAAXNSR0IArs4c6QAAAARnQU1BAACxjwv8YQUAAAAJcEhZcwAADsMAAA7DAcdvqGQAAP+lSURBVHhe7N3n0m1Zdd//DQq25JyITWiRoclREuWAJJdxWWW/cCjfg8vlS/i/8FtfgG/AJWFkStggIYJAgERG3aJpaCGgkS3ZknMWGPQ/n3X6e3qwtMMD55ymT/f8dY2eacS51ppz7Pmsvc+T/vAaDgsLCwsLCwsLCwsLtxRPfrhcWFhYWFhYWFhYWLiFWIn2wsLCwsLCwsLCwm3ASrQXFhYWFhYWFhYWbgNWor2wsLCwsLCwsLBwG7AS7YWFhYWFhYWFhYXbgJVoLywsLCwsLCwsLNwGrER7YWFhYWFhYWFh4TZg/Y72wsLCwsLCwsLC9xyXUtInPelJD9fuHKwT7YWFhYWFhYWFhYXbgJVoLywsLCwsLCwsLNwGrER7YWFhYWFhYWFh4TZgJdoLCwsLCwsLCwsLtwEr0V5YWFhYWFhYWFi4DViJ9sLCwsLCwsLCwsJtwEq0FxYWFhYWFhYWFm4DVqK9sLCwsLCwsLCwcBuw/sGahYWFhYWFhYWFhduAdaK9sLCwsLCwsLCwcBuwEu2FhYWFhYWFhYWF24CVaC8sLCwsLCwsLCzcBqxEe2FhYWFhYWFhYeE2YCXaCwsLCwsLCwsLC7cBK9FeWFhYWFhYWFhYuA1YifbCwsLCwsLCwsLCbcBKtBcWFhYWFhYWFhZuA1aivbCwsLCwsLCwsHAbsBLthYWFhYWFhYWFhduAlWgvLCwsLCwsLCws3AasRHthYWFhYWFhYWHhNmAl2gsLCwsLCwsLCwu3ASvRXlhYWFhYWFhYWLgNWIn2wsLCwsLCwsLCwm3ASrQXFhYWFhYWFhYWbgNWor2wsLCwsLCwsLBwG7AS7YWFhYWFhYWFhYXbgJVoLywsLCwsLCwsLNwGrER7YWFhYWFhYWFh4TZgJdoLCwsLCwsLCwsLtwEr0V5YWFhYWFhYWFi4DViJ9sLCwsLCwsLCwsJtwEq0FxYWFhYWFhYWFm4DVqK9sLCwsLCwsLCwcBvwpD+8hofrCwsLCwsL33O0LT3pSU86fOtb3zr8wR/8weHrX//64fu///sPf+JP/Ilt/P/9v/+3kTq+Jz/5yTf40Q//8A9vY9/85jcP3/d937eN7WH8G9/4xlb+sT/2xx7uvY7/83/+z43+dAf92f/BH/zBTf/CwsLCMaxEe2FhYWHhMQXJsWRZgiuJtU0hyW4Jb1uXEq9+/BP/43/8jy0ZlixLiCdveiXvgO+//tf/uiX0f/yP//EtoTeGh95jyTbMvoWFhYU9VqK9sLCwsPCYgkRb4iuJ/YEf+IFvS2Ylyv/rf/2vra/EusQcJMdIck2H03D1Tp33CXKl/v/5P//npqfEHNJboj19WVhYWLiElWgvLCwsLDymYFuS4EqgEUieJbsl4DPpxY+8BuJU+j/9p/90+NCHPrQl5P/3//7fLVmfr4DQ9bSnPe3wute9buMh95f+0l/aSEKO2KezBB20p92FhYWFS1iJ9sLCwsLCYwZtSZJZCbBEWHL9Qz/0QxtJgHvt47//9/++vUsN2v/lv/yXw5e+9KXDb/3Wbx0+/vGPH/7bf/tvW6LtdNrrICXaEu+/+Bf/4uFFL3rRJuN1kR/5kR85vPrVrz485znPOfzJP/knN334JehBX/5BPCvxXlhYOIWVaC8sLCwsPGbQibVk2mm2RFoi7J3pkl6n1v/u3/27wwMPPHD43d/93Y3PKbWk/KGHHjp87WtfO/zpP/2nt0ScLLlk8dIvQTaG4C/8hb9weMELXnB4+ctffnjJS15yePrTn74l3PTORNqW2Wm7UtI+T70XFhYWJlaivbCwsLDwmIHEVxIswbU9SbyVTqWN/ef//J8PX/7ylw+f+9znDp/5zGe2xFrSKxGX9ErMJdxOq5XGnIQbo8sJtz7vbv/H//gft18noVub3Wc/+9mHN77xjYfXvva1h2c+85nbSThfyBsHCTZdiKzxhYWFhWNYifbCwsLCwmMGnTij3pOWyKr/9m//9uGjH/3o4cEHHzz83u/93uH3f//3ty8wSoCdPpdsa0uu//f//t+bHsm0fkm2U26l11Ik18n4hRKvmqjfdddd26skr3nNaw4vfelLN/k/9af+1JZ0h5JtvpWALywsLOyxEu2FhYWFhe8J2n56NWO2JbKSbsmsugT5gx/84OFf/+t/ffjqV7+6JcSSX4myBBjN02VJNPJah0RZ6bRbMi05pxs/WxLlTrmdgkvQnZ6/+c1vPvz0T//04c/+2T+7fXnSe90S+BLrvf8LCwsLe6xEe2FhYWHhluDSdtK4RFXdqbJ6ybGkGiSuEl/kfezf+I3fOHz605/eyn//7//9lvT+uT/357aklx46ej1EEu2kWxJujK5OnbUl2xJpp9rZI4eHP/rxeadb0q3tfW0n269//eu3U2668c8Em0z26q+vxHxhYeGJh5VoLywsLCzcElzaTryeIZn1xcMJJ9YloxJbX3D84he/ePjCF76wvYPtvWyyTrUlv89//vO3RLsvOJLtXWqJtp/3k+x2Gq6/U+++uGiMrRJ6J9iScKfaZOkWj7ZS+6lPfeqNhPtlL3vZdlKOlyy/8OLzGguf+OIE/RnPeMbmw8LCwhMPK9FeWFhYWLgluMp2Mk97JbhKJ8rBifV99913+PCHP7x92VGi6tUNv3HdFyIlzE6wO1WWPBuT3DqtJqOtLnmWbGuT6eSbDHljeJycS4wly/QYwych9xOAkv0+JPii5I/92I9tSfeznvWsLeEGscz4+CqZdwLeB4mFhYUnFlaivbCwsLBwS3CV7URy3SsZfoJP0iw59d61n+Xzs31Osf2yiF8FMe5E+ClPecomTxaRkbwqS4rZlzTTjR+fk/BOrkFirS7x9koIOW2n5Z24x0Ofuj5Ju0Rc3Wm6BJtfP/qjP3q45557tg8CfM0GP4ptJdkLC09crER7YWFhYeGW4NJ24nTYibFEVBIqQZaEev/6Pe95z1ZKgBEe417D+DN/5s9sr2T0uofTaHX21CXL9OhziixJ9h43W/iVEmSlZBmBn+/rXW9JeaffdEis8QP9EuZOy+nkoxgk3H6h5HnPe97h7rvv3l4v6fe36V1J9sLCExsr0V5YWFhYuCW4tJ1IYiXBJcS+tOg1kfe9733bO9kSXb9j7dc9JNYSXCCDJK0SawmuZJceCa2kF+jUB17XIAOSZDAuyXZ6LYmmx6m2k3WJtnH66OhnAMmyCWTi088/Cby6hN27497f9mqJGPhrTlayvbDwxMVKtBcWFhYWbgkubSfGJbBeC/FPpaN77713+yfTnQI7FfYKhneeS54lu5JbCa3Etp/q631qfZLyXteQXOsjz54kuGRcXRJNJ3l6nXw7ee4dbPrxO70uiVZKrpXpRBJoOrxywi7f/SrJj//4jx9e+MIXbsk+Pv4pFxYWnnhYifbCwsLCwi3Bpe3ECbYvOH7kIx853H///Vvi6lRZwuoLj06XS2YlxhJqCWwn1ZLVXsmQsEusJdV04JMc91qK102So58+CS95+vH6dRJfbiTr/XD8f/7P//ktQSZHF1l2JOfk5uk2is8YXr/rLXn3z7n7ZRIn9OtXRxYWnrhYifbCwsLCwpVQ0opmctlprfZMUCWnElqJqpNf/2y6JNuJtl/5kIR6x1lSXJIsgVaWGCM6Jbj0gFNnSa42Psk2nkiiLXGXtJe4k8cr4VWXVPOBbXp88dKpttdIJPLx0z2T6mLshJuvdJoDPE63jXmV5CUvecmWcEu0/bPufAr40yMeyX5zyYY2NN8LCwt3JlaivbCwsLBwJXjdQhIrCZUIllBLDrVLdPXhcUrstRD/dDryyyKSWyfGElGlpJaspFWiWsIpeZXo0jPtKZGtqwR/okSV7ByvXkmHJFciTb9EX3ySbvLs80288fPPhwf1/FPnO11I/PrYQc3PP/pH/2g74SZDJ8LPptdmyDS34pwfEEq01RcWFu4sfN//dw0P1xcWFhYWFo5C0icxdMJc4hckl72rHI+E9POf//zhU5/61PYvOjrFlkxKsJ3g+rKgpNavdPQzfvRIYEGbHgmnU2cn3Uo8IOmVCLMnkZXA0qePjAT6FEpg6ec3W7/3e7+3+cJH/kHvcePHi6/kH/qgMRNgvCXZEX1eUxEnH4GeEnm/092peIm1NqLPXIqJDwsLC3cWVqK9sLCwsHARnbKWCKpLDEsIJbbaEurPfvazhw9+8IM3fk0Er2RTouz3rb1CIel85Stfefj4xz++lU68JZ3g9Y1Ohr3v7FTcPw6jlKhLgL1L7Z1vvCAR94737/zO73zbKxogWQ3iqM1n8t4bf8Mb3nD4yle+sr3uIXnnM5TIA3+QtkRZTOZD25zEp5x1cXkn3dzwU2LtQ4mTbO9005Gu/YcY9vjA7+ZnYWHhzsF6dWRhYWFh4UrweoVksFNWiV/Jn8TYPzbzL/7Fvzi8853v3JJgJ7b9vrSkkqwTXYmjfon4P/yH//Dwcz/3c4c3velN2zvSEs3+NUiJsNdP/KMwv/RLv3T4y3/5L2+/VCIplVDTocTnhPzBBx/cXs+QtJNveyu5rq3sRFlyTf873vGOwz/4B/9gS7rpEo+EGPjc6TZdknMfAHyRsv4S4pJ08gi/ZNu/eInH6zJsmw8/A/i3//bf3n6hZA+8ZM2HeVtYWLgzsRLthYWFhYWLsFV0SguSz5JBibHXQ9797ncffv3Xf307tZVc33XXXdsJtmTRqxMSdQmwE3Cnu295y1sOb3/72w9//+///e0U3M/j0SuR9i63hNWXJT/xiU8cfuInfmL7IqV/HMZpcCfdvmgouaVfwup1FV+y5C/iH6o++/nx3Oc+d9P/d/7O39kS/le/+tWbrpJhtiTS/EFsOYWWjDtV9woLos98SK75XbKtz3yIm7wPIOaRfgm0f8r9n/yTf7Kd8IvJiX2n2nTC/pR7YWHhzsFKtBcWFhYWLqIT7CBh/A//4T9sp9iSW4my02dJpGRYAtuXB0HSWYkkleT85rRTZL/OIcm2JUlsvY+szg59Xr3w+oh3qZ0oS1q9U937zZJip8b+tcd+PaSEuiS4uv6SXb747euPfvSjW6L+hS98YUv4yUuy+U8/SJ59WCixpoOfEmZ1elEx4i/R5hf/UK/P+KAg5r/1t/7WpsdrK6961au2Dw98g3TCSrgXFu48rER7YWFhYeEiJJeSSYmnhPqBBx7YkkanvxJGSbdXOSSYTnsljr/7u7+7Jabeze5VDsmnhJEeJ8J0SGwlzhJWCaZXQYzjVTfmNQ0Jq9NkSS79dJeQ43USLkn3gaD+Emx+KWvzAX+n1vR7DYV+vJJr8k6w6eOXNpsl4HTxGa+SzhJuY/Qo6WBHHGTNhbYPKWyyjXz4eNGLXrQl3ObSPIpfbHzm78LCwp2FlWgvLCwsLFyERM9Jsfegnf46hZZsShglkpJM71lLHvFKdCWVkk11Caik0XvRJaMl7pJRJV5JOX7JJSphJQsSWvrJljC3jc0+dkp494SHPq9p8N2pskSanKSZXR8s8Eiy6SWnDy9/+GFcYq9NroQb2NBPTj9Z0C5RFycd2uzrY8/pvrl00u50u5g75V5YWLhzsBLthYWFhScALPWRxDGaMCbxlNRJDiWB6k6SP/3pT2+/g+3VCmUn1U5d8dLlRFay2M/1SVjpoNO4xBJvtiSQklE2JLCSUYm7hHImxUpJsLoS8l171itnwpsOJbtK43xkF4yLJ/Thgc/GSvz5q19c/CxRz3+6xWgMscM/suTIe6e912OcUpszH2Lowu/E2y+oeM/9+c9//kZePck/Noo1sC02NhvjNwI+7WUWFhZuP1aivbCwsPA4hkRLoofmcj/beEqAJYQSOZAM+lUOv/Sh9GseXnXA77UP7xr3Kkc6Sia9EiLxpoMdSeVMrCWEEkx6vFLBH7/gIfGkA5GTfEqInfo6pS4ZpUe/Ulviy3c8+koq2aIHFVdxk+M3fr7ToTSejnhQ8vqLFUlyfRjpBJ8M3+gzri4+Y3gl5SXenWqb3+LA27gTbe+me3f7Fa94xaara2UuwFzyj9/ZBP6yqZ9u/XSjhYWFRwfrd7QXFhYWHseQsIFEqySrpBNpS9JKvvBJ5CSNvuD4b/7Nvzm8//3v305TJXbGnDr7mTpJIh2SR3YkeUgCzQZeevHQiyD7JYx4yPODzk5lEZkSRXzpKJnUV12JF4qnNsw63l5jASXCIzkticXXXCHj8YK2fm1+S4RLrM2LDw9igqmDXvw+WKA5f8a0yfqypy+Eehfe/NCJ39yVRKuTa470AT366mdbX74vLCzcfqxEe2FhYeFxjJIrkJihTmclYJI0JIHz+oLEDnkX+0Mf+tD2D8o4xfYze/gkeRJtySRICCWldEocjfllECfVEkVtiTdIBiV5/HHS7QuAeL1+4nUKY3RIgEtK2XNaTJ9S0ioGJZ9LYvmB1ystdISSTph1PpDNDtsloM2TtjmKR4zpiFe/Pnz0mRf29YlbnPwkK36xIbxk0lECrGyexCQecfuyqS+dSriN+aDjrwnskcm/SZBexKfqCwsLjw5Wor2wsLDwOIZkTrIl2ZO0KUEyKKGTkEnSvBbiS45+U/ree+/dfg/bKyPGJNl9SVFiR06/RBCBPjolhX6OzzvdXnfw5UhjJY/kJKB+acQvl7zuda87fO5zn7vxfjcbSvx8l2D6qUA/Baj0molEVWJOh2SeXoknXj/5xwfyMJPrWS/h7IMHNFclotXJ8RtBso2lF78PI/QYi9+HCTw+CPCzE2l2xYrMqw8sZPhuHswnvmLx7rsPPQ899ND2F4fJ4zoUhzpdbDbvMGNbWFh4dLDe0V5YWFh4AkCCLfmSmEnQQGLmFFui98u//MuHD3/4w9trCjPBdJLsH4CRvHUCq957xvjoJIPfF/ichPvHaD72sY9tP1XX72tL1iWF+PyDNf5Fxl/8xV88vPWtb91eU3FCi89vWEuW6felQGP+YRen65J+/RJqCaf3xLWdwkvEf/M3f3OTCRJX9lCJrzqwJdHWzy/zkn99AElOu0TWPOAr5sbo0y+5NUa3OXcSrU9ckmzy6QzkfIhwLbpGeMTGhnH6zSWSmHtn27+W6RdKxO6vB/k05bpuCwsLjz5Wor2wsLDwBIQkzushfkXkAx/4wJa0Sp4lw06KJXu9PiGB63UOCZxkUOJu+5BAdsqN36n5y1/+8u3d7p/+6Z/efgbQ+ExOnUI7wXaC7l9kfO9733u45557ttci6PG6RUmjE3EJpX8V0uk3P8k63fUBwJcu6eW3LxT6hQ6/3+2XO4qTn0gdZluyWxxiVEJjyuolxmKJjJVQq/NFkoyM0y3e/qIgNrxik3h7bUbZazt4jCF62aSHPtfE3Hey7Vr41zcl2m984xu3vyD4dZI9+OA6LiwsPPpYifbCwsLC4xglyxI3iaBXDv7tv/232ymrV0O8biHRlchJ2iRqTrElnJJDSaIEXEIoQZTcSf7oTK/SVoLIeyXEL2VIfCXFEl9jvX5Ch0TRP8rin273z553SktX71qzI2Gmx29L89d73Xgkp07flfTx05jEm8xMmPNNHdTpkMCyYY7UyZQc6xNbPCh5fY3pYx9/Y+lJd/8Ijnk0/0pyEntzYlySrZ9tsvh7v5stZNxvf4vZ/Phggkdy75WUF7/4xdtvb5src2segR9Ah7gXFhYePaxEe2FhYeFxDEmWZd5JqOT2vvvu296flrxK5iRjfhe7f5lQsguSxRJfyV4JpXImk9rG2ZFESx7JlPgqJYUgoSTHF7okjpLGXmnhDx0SwoBPIom3JF3JHvvabWP04KXHiTjwzzhSB3WyYidPDrJLXj+fxMMWSh4feYQX1c++kry4kbjZoisZCbKx5s6ckcNj3vF4fUbcxvTR7fUS76eDPvrMpwSeLq/UeJ3EqzsS7+YMX/EtLCw8eliJ9sLCwuMOJVcSC0lK0CepAWOSmZIsCSAqGcE7E6v0lFRJXOrLXsnSrUL2T4Ev4pEQ8ocPEltxSLD4o0/C5suNfqbPqxxePZDQ+Y1mr4lI1Iq/mMRRjPyQyOmT7OFrjA8Ij3EkgZToss2OOeYnn8hqSzTpKBGlI/v6i10dv6RSIlkinT0gg9jTp8xP+tkliwdKoo3j5ZtyEv3pZU9JD/3kaxvTTgd/2c4O38WXXuNs00PWPCB/WdDvZNqJvMQcD79dH7zk49dmhz622RIre069Jdnea3/961+/Jd/8xaeE6uSbR6BHX3yncGl8YWHhOlaivbCwcMfDMibJsPmXAOyTiMZa8tQlUyV0+FD9EhHUWLqmPIK5jNZ3Cdm9GbCL+Ckhy88SbwmaLwd6TcT72H7do38i3eshvjQoKSM/Y9jDmJNVOpEEj63G6FNK/iTkdHuFwxf0JPn8KV7ykjmJs1dKvGrCJ6+mlDzyRxLMhuvqZFwi6kOBJHP6mv3qjUlYfegQnw8W2uaIDQkyH5SQ/5VR90LJ50x+jZHnq3F68eLrA0Nj5LLTuFLbNUISZLxIv3mg3zzlp7nA61rg615jh33zrM8rJdq+KOoVHu+4ewfeq0Hpap6APJtiI8+3S8j2wsLCeaxEe2Fh4XGBeWKpnASSCQQliY21DOqX4GhLPOqfuuqPQrogO+dQwnMzYJMtSRdf+C+JMxdeE5Fc+8KhOr8R4HHS7KSVH/QUS3zalVDZPKASMyVediVp3p2WxHvvWKJbYmisJF1f71Q7cfU6RAmohLHEVaIpWZe808dvNvNT/Hi7vs29U2GyXrXweoqkm26y/BR3CWVxVkbFle/Znom2cfbzF98+0eaHuIt97z9beCTS5kGcPlDg5bt5kqyXkCuLkw59KN10kDfG5+c85zmHN7zhDduXVL273Tv4wHZ+KvnfPXEOl8YXFhauYyXaCwsLj3uU0EiGSkb2iQIeY5KhiWN8ls1oD/wlQedwK5ZevmZPXXzevXaKLcn2pUQ/o4dHMutE2CsdyYhFvaS/eZqkDyRmjfOdnKSsBDKdEr74SkTR/DBQMgdKMskbU0dQX8mutkScLnpLcvVXgljV2dOf/jnv9AA96VNGZIFtdckwPRJd0IZ8IM/HEu36k5X0Gtcn5sbMX/Hp88HCqbTEmy6n8a6bucKHB8iySRefeqebrXz1AQO/6y/h9mVJybb58SGIT2I1N3T7EMFesZ8C3QsLC5ex/sGahYWFxwUkHEjCEGlPSA4kVxIakOCoo+ShRAvIzKRCvSQkHm0UXzpPEV7JT3a+W6JHKZny+sX9999/eOc737n9iogEW+IlOfNahi86zkRbUmWOAM+MMf3mozq/m9/mqrmYsdEreeOT01iJG55kQdsJrTGnq3j50HiJJLsSSNesV1A6Tc4HFPTzwXXlgwRUWcIaf7HgA3ZmGfjZHNPdBwoxAj3axuNpHtSBHfz0ZE9bXOnBO9/R9peGfDQXfXgx3n1Dl7a4kHbXRpLtOvfKiuTbCbfXepx2e5VGiX/qYVOfev6fwqXxhYWF61gn2gsLC48LlIygkh7JTYlPPBK66hKMEgZJiCRDklKClY5jSUXJEpTosK2f3kug92bBX69p+Ik8vyTiN7G9h80Pp5a+7Chpk2wiPvJP4ilhNU98L/kmRyeS0Cn1Ab7G6qOv2IGM+fNO+Ite9KLtdJ0PkjrzDXhdA8m137zmM17/MqV+OsyfuVXnm58jdBrrN7S9EjKvySz3dbxk+WCe6CUr6TQvXQPxmIvKiK94+E4f//RLXJUlqORKgN1r+vDra77JugbG9Zt/pTY7/POKiA8ebJqfflebXjqbn3yjL1v5YN7MNx/B9WKLnewjCb13tv2DQi972cu2d+V9MAL6L4HNhYWFy1iJ9sLCwuMCnXRKUiLLmwSkBEpfSaHkqSTFmH8whI6SEf3RhCQNHyrRlgDRVVKjvZfbg0+XcGl5lkz5p8nf9773ba+JgPgkbE6wnWjO5E7MqJNUvMhvOe/naxKUZKLmpXmmH+iVMPon2P1rjq997Wu338eWLGc/G15l+OIXv7j9KgZe//hM7yX3+gPQZ8xpvQ8P/jlz+rKZH/kUSYLJ+kKmxJ89ySsfJJkSWHMD/MmvYkSuKTuuKTQHJb9sIPUSYPzmlE/6zIl49KcP+tBCBsiUuHcf8RX00+d+q1+M5kgMZLXzrddO9NOXjPjEkH46zYsvTLoOrpd7Jh/Pgb2FhYXLWIn2wsLC4wISGglCCYCkQnLRn8vBrzBIPqDXFbQlRL4w6AQWr+SkpCedJWF+Jk/iJjGnAyQ8dNEjGcrGKdDndY5zkASxfw78kXj6h1z46Z8/l4SWwIm/hFViZY7EgZd+dT478S25mltCdf5KwMiIbc4z4EP6JX5eW/HFO6Uk2TyxTR6RlQQ7pXYa70TV/HfKTIdEkW/icZJdwtx7xXRk9xgZd6LtpNzJrVczXCM+uifoZQu6tpWRewC/uQPyePqioTYCvpLBb47o1ifuqdu462pcH9343Juum7rSmBjwkVGni22v0XS/m4v8JCepb8x8kpN4I2N9SdS9QZfStfVXBb+/7R1uX2S9yj28sLBwGSvRXlhYuOMhKZGoSTokEdr+7O4fYnFq2vvKkjQJluRCoixJ8udyCQee+CRCxiQwJRx0omc961lbEiNxkbABu/glOJKZq0BCdQ7s9o7tKUjCJPZ8dkorFq9KeAfX+9hOtWdCxf8+RKiTQ/4lQX2SpxKoWSKn3smWKNo+JHdIn5N08UvwzI3kkV1jeNpu9IE5pNeHGyWfSg6RNn3m1vU0H9per2ic3hJapT52XGdzQ4Yv7gs8xktKS5KTqYxKYPNXm5z5bNy1B7b14d8n2viUyHgfzNijy4cK1yt580WHcfFmz/1rrnxI6UMe3XThd/2be7GzTx4vveZCP368/PFuv59ZpMe/0OlU++/+3b+73U/nYP4XFhYuYyXaCwsLJ2EjbmO2+c/NtQRHn6QCTVhaGlMvCZK00CkxkAwZ049PMoAmjEkcncSV6DgF1K8NEra/8Tf+xqZPAiGhoAefJEMyid9YvtAD2Z0lzLjUoyl7CmTMF33JIBC3fskVktBIvPhKr7FiFAd/m6NZInyXfMmPc9j7iJ+fsz8de38iMUjsgdycT22Ez70kqXSizzdxIvaMSRIllvQbR+5D/fHRazwf6MZHnh946DC3xiWn7jv3izF6uq/pyk9zyZZx/Hgl0nSzkRyd+l0f/c2RfrrI0aePPjxdq3xNpxjwsacdNW9KoJeM+1nyrJ//5MXng6MPOj4I8lH8+NjHS5Zf7jn85pNdfY2ZH/OH/2/+zb95+Kt/9a9uH5byhf90s1kibk4QHeT5ySbdfQhZWHgiYyXaCwsLfwSWBRuy0gZrE1baYEEbtXwYOwankBIACYlTyBLjU3LaxmzS7Jd0kZcAqHu9wxf+vC7hJM4rARJtSXSbPaJLYiCBKYmRiJfYGANJhFiUbBdzVJIRkc3/U8BHp6QjGQT1FyOf9ok2HyU04siWPvXKSz4E+sRwDsb3PiKof9rd+4HYEQc0Z8oI9OFxMtuXGktqXTtj9HRtJJKSNfoljfrx0aPOL0kd0uZT0JYMskGWDrroNKYPf/7RCfrSpZ8/zQU/+Qt8pW9e3+YBP9n8y1+kLobiYCc+0Ifyqz46+e6e4XvzzabnRPJMF5/wunfIG89vpX62yPRc5K8yWa/19IHIl1Zf+MIXbn91oI8dCX+28hFB18Rzu7DwRMdKtBcWFo7CxmwTbfMsIdCWJJQETOBB0IaM8E6ZeLQlCJ2wVSKn0P6xEcm1L8vxxcYtWZEg0CHZKJGQgEBLmjLflXiTj4APxlC68SNjs0TsXlo28ZS0AL3mDtgxFyA2f+qXMHVSSEaprT7j0T/t59s55Ps5FPv0Md9LAs0L5Mcs86dyztck43QXs3YJr+RO4uaDRzG5XnjJdF1KxoFc/uWjtljooE9ZcsyGuSeHVxn4kt+Vs19Jd/Mg6UX4mrviM3dk8i0epM4HpF4MCPShfIjoZc99wQc2zIUxfRJf1JhY8yP/lJ1Eu/c8M/qzB2Igq6QXv3fovVbifXuJtw9Jns2+RLuHmFD30MLCExkr0V5YWDgKCUIJIdg4SxTaXPebrOVkLiklCcGYE2g/RefXMvyrgP7cbWOXZNu8+9O45EhpswdJRolFdqrnFzQW8sGmfynRlnRIVJJBxith6j4Futkr0SjJIVs/fWLlk/jFaY7VQdv8Z6/kpfhQvp9D8udAB/9K9vinT9z6SmSBvmO+QHMWZltJB33Fr931dW2R65xObYk2frxkzJcE2tzMuYSuK9/oMabtXiKf3q4F/cVd7HSRK358QGf69ZfIqqcDL7l8au7iSfZYom0M9CHySB1qzznkv1K7GNU9N5JofeT7wGLeED+N96zlN1nXI9+7Bz2jEmx/iXjxi198eOMb37jp81ek/GMb6CFPZ2MLC09krER7YWHhj8CyIPHtxE57Jh82YRtrG6pkAUoGSjT8C4Wf+cxnttMzm75kwmm1L+xJqumxkSvnCVugm4xTTrYjPszER50eY2wjiIdOY/TUnj6nV1/29bOjnO2rLJls5Evt9M5+cyFZ4rv5Yb85l/CXdIIxpB1B/p1CMufAJ/7xEy//9HWtUbFHe1+MkzkHekrI2Co5JCtWc0Gv2PGalzkfYpUoSvIkuiWOePicj0qvPdCVTZTero/7of7uz+JAdLLZ9aNvjndPNM72lMt2POkXF1LPRyXoS28lopsuOvCyIW56QL85Yd+z5ZWtvpsgTkmy0+k+yIm3vx7Rrd88eO7pAPZAG79xv+Dy5je/eftJQL+9LQHnR/7zOfB7YeGJjpVoLyws/BFYFpx2lQxo29gR2HCddrXBekfa6bRfQ/Bedom1n1bzk2y9HkCeLrL0lmRKEmbSNW2Rw1MiIyHQVucHAsmAMTqVJTr0InpLtCPAR7bkgl680Ux2kHF0DsVavGzxBerXJxEqSTQnePnPF3NhDOjL7qxD5SnEfw7i4l9zwj6foH6+TJvpraRjQt8kaC7pE1+Jo/6uq7a56JrxpT5tiTU+RCY5fPmg9E6xe4PtfSzGyejX132kjt84EjM+Y3w1xo6+bIE5SLa56/7rnmZ32k7HlNWO9vcd2Z4jMJ6eYp/3kg+tSrqN6Ud4zBl9JdrGzas4PcM+yJAzBsbYNea6+NKrn2/0Ssk999xz4x+74QcUKzsLC090rER7YWHhKGysNnMo0bB5KiWI/TPONuR+g1pi7XedJduSAn+ytgGTt5lLIkESQL+N2KZurGSjRIZt9vR7F7SkQaJg48c7/zyOyJV4aedv9smVBCBgj62SlaCuvzmo5PdVlk36JDbA72mvfvPHV23zBXzU5rMxtlB2J8H0+RjIXQLf+IjoO+a767S3v/cJL5wad21QOlH2UPMt9pJK4/i11bv2KEwbQIffhXbPqPuA5b7JHz5o0ztlJwE+80APn+pzXSD/6U1Xc8euvqsm2qAdNRfqQNb9DuzEw1Z+NtZ8At38N39i0G8OyfpALJkm6xkz7gNzdR+g+e+LzPqclHvOfQh3sm2OJdw+1Pi1E6+YuE+yy87CwhMdK9FeWFg4ChutDdwG79c9vO4hgUYSahuuTRlfm7ikwUZeImGj1bYx27Bt6NqSBBuyzduYBKIEgRy7eOhE/jwtKVCXvPsTOP4S7eT0RUBHJLHAx8eSHqhfCclqJzf1SCDoOAd8Yi35YatkasYoccHDhmQIxKdPXDMeNmcbkcvGOeA9B9eGf/lIJz+LF5VA0cWXY/7MvnhmX3rrg/pAnwTYfLmnlHxQmh985id/p9/pNCfIqyPuGXX3WXqRD3z0APtdD3X2AlnoPtOmp3uNXfxsq+vjIz1487EYioc8mrLqk8jPNj4+BG1gj089q+yR1U8uP/Ub9yGZf/jFZY7Ie8bwec61XW9jPgzi9eoJm9YC9602Hh9iJNj+1U6n236hxFjzsLDwRMdKtBcW7nD0CNtUj8F4PCUOMB/9ZPW1WfszsQ3XqZZf/fAvIvrntCXX/pELSe9LXvKSGwmETZiembTolzDRq19ywwdJE/65EScrOWd3Jir6JOQSDbq1yddnU/fna7zaSuP6S2rY0k6n8eZAPwJ9fGlO+NG86SNPdmLOpXr6EJnmqDG+SPb4r05/8yQ2/prfEqt8nQRkzcc5zDiLqRLU2RLX9BFBvvNrtvGlJ5/4ozTObhSPujEgy4ZY1Rtz7dXFrjRGln/43UP8xdu1VOIxj82ntvklPz+84FfX5xogyaI2X4p9xk+OTbrMt7HihGIDtqcsanz6OOeKT3QjstUjMulLV7bx8wkZ61rSiYe8OUXi8/waUxeX+07dX57o9byT83oI3daBmZxns2fSu+CeZx9sXvGKV2z/lHs/BYgH8QHypzZ/UX31Lyw8nrAS7YWFxxCu8jjuN6M23DbjueGDto0X2ozpaEPGp61fn43T5urXQe67774tyZZYQwkLPhs0+U4HSxCzh+gt6Qht2EjdqRp9gcyeR4yX5qbY2N+TfuNO2iQHEgNx87EEVyJSDHvs53wim7Ns7s+huWOPTEkgWb6yaW7Owdzu53ePrhN9dO9Jf/N7LBYEklEwd/wiZ774Sj8d4lG6nmIhi4+PbOEzpi3ufNefDv35hPhB1n1gTCnxSy8bbCG8+pDrTE4d77QT4fdTdQifPjJi7RRcO1/xF5t+xEclXr5Nf4AcmXlP84ctc4n6UNE4NPfk2UdQ0m+s+aBPu5gg/9CcA37iy6a6v1JJsOnyD9TgcY0RnnSLlX+us3911Ssl5koMdODR55/Ld8LttRLJt/WBD70qRZ7efCg+PBPs5vfCwp2KlWgvLDyGcJXH8dTGY/O1EUqUbV5OqGyCc/OyIfpzsH6bnmRaUu1PwTZKba+F2HT9gxXevfanYnKSKnI2REmEBI5Nm7KNE7HFdomGts27zRr0zY0VXwlCG2tyNvV0XoKEAuiYVB97/tQteWCT36DOJv871cwX5Uz49NHBr8brnzzzFO8U8M/kbCZw9JM37zcLOszvxN439wLf9R8jcB3U+SlB0jZf5k0sJU3q4kDiIlPCxw/9ZCMgE5WUpaN7gx799PAheTbixReP65xd1DWiDxWH15BcU+PmCk/3ug9mEm7XCOUrfa6d6+R50te9qk434g/eYsbTfQ/NBxnxsTFjMg76yZHnM8KjzxjZ4ttfxzkHQEc+JuODS68xeYXEnJg/zzgdfMLvw4s+NnrlxBhf8eNhxz1h7rzD/apXvWr7OUB/caIr4Nc21/zo2k00b/m+sHAnYiXaCwuPIVzlcZyb1QRZZBzZpCUONj+blQ0W9P/sz/7sllBLsiVZJRh422BLoGxyZG2INlZtOoyBzbmkA/SXJEgEjNlE9ZcE8Ceij9/GUTEYm4nHJdANxY9mG/CUvEro6KebDfGxL/5zkJSJC68Ym4t8jy6BLyVd+NPDV36ZF/N4Dtk9B9elRGX6N8m17jogvs0yWb7y033CR8mo68uHEnoy2tWbf5S/bEWQjJJOusXOjhJNX/b3Rrz5iFzHacdYfk0SuzkiL3nsQ4S4JNlImw4xKN0rPsi6F+iA5pkNOvJZH72Qb9GcGxCTOlk6+JQO+vm6T7QRGXzR1IvIgzp+svzGq+7aeeaNiYsfviTJDpsSbzr0+RBubvWJlTy9QKex5pGMV1Ak2j/1Uz+1vVLCxh70iNWctI4Av/iCFhbuVKxEe2HhMYSrPI54SixslDYuG3+bHRiz4dmo8NpEnVZ/8Ytf3L7E6HUQp1j4QFIh8VTSY+OzWdJto7XRsdtGrm4TZdfmaFypfyYzZCVO9bUxk8WvtLFms80fJs8l0EmWHpSceiW9zYk+SRK/2TUudjrMFXnUJm8epi904e060IGCP7/jP4d8nTrR9PkS2Gy+TsEHqa4zZLc6OH1UL6YSPaU+89scsEkfH/uwoo3MYXHgIwdK+meMUePRTFjZVkbF2rXBRyaf1fUZcx3VUXbSWUxsdY3F6/4QB359SnyV+S5ur5tISj0D7nNEH778Bb72F4OQX91TdPLfHGuT5UcxFa9Sv3tYP35Enn59E/pDdfzABn5EFhkTh2ffrwqZQ8/vU5/61O0DB3/EYlwdigXo0M9H8ykxp8OXJV/3utdtr5M4MfcvTDrh7plrDpT8URdr9YWFOxkr0V5YeAzhKo+jjadNFbU52QD9adcG55UP//KixNqpdZsovjZqG5x+aKOcG7wvN5GxwSfX5lp/G6RNsQ2xJANJSDr5KmmCZMjPRDuKJxvFeg7kyODf0/RN7NoSCtDWX5LRh41jOpTmTCwlFCifJ98llEiAkhyqDXgu4dK88I/PxUFn8xqJBY84oq6XfjbMDTn97jG+du0kU+y43oEMoqP6xL5d7NmE/XykxzhfmkP+F4M+xEex0aHEV1wI+I/XuDExGEuGTnrI6tfG5x5xX0tCu2fE3gfP/Oaj+6prkP8hOyDJjx+aB+Ndr+Y+n/AieuacTRsw2+nCz4YxPtNjDPjrS5NeJzNHPjj2YczzgiTiZMji53/3RXPChvXHvPlgYo7o8TrJX/krf2VLtvli3gJ/3E900L2wcKdjJdoLC48hXOVxtJHt4Se5Hnjgge0LSv6BGIl2v3Nts7Pp2bjApidBsIkhG10bdYmFDV2ibQzZkBHYXOnTL7Enm45Al1jYtImWNCjjb8NvM81Gc5B/iD+X5oYuoD/KL8QefyQJdImBPaduEgU8fNVvnM1JxUAHXjLInOEvJtR78udgHunFR1/Xgq7mAc8lkD2H9KI5p/WTl9gUw+StjqfY+CtukISBJIsOc5c/Sryoa5suthqD7CC6zMveR8CfbOPargGfikG/dvVs8qHrSYf+dEP+7EGWTEkuve4VJG7wFxLtPnzgUTdn+otjb1OdXfeh600Gb77wP53uXXF1D6ffmDZM3ekwFuGn05h5MyeuG//ZFZ/1we/hI+MSZPc9eTJk8bAP/jrmlRIxAF1k8PG162O9YN+72294wxsOr3zlK7fvgki+u9fZcA/M2BYW7mSsRHth4TGES4+jzd7GZcOyudmQkAS7RLt+CYANzqZq0/OnX5ujDc1rJGypR/jahG247ICNDumbPDbR3j0tiVBWn/1s4UfpiErCGk/OWH6VRJ1Dmz4c46VPwiORMI7ffPbnbeArH/LJ/EUlZ04y+cUnhI+cPsmIcs7BKUhu+lCDnxwf2WBPqe8cxHFpXtwr/AS8e7/08ZsP5noSf4qFTyXSfDOWXPcbGe2ouRQjSm/zaxzqT9fk1Qd4uwb62DfOf751jzSmTx3x2Vg60lMsKOCLlx7XID46XTN1/e6hfm3DvWU+yJAHdeT5i98cKvk+/RI3nuyZH2P816cszu5h/fSnR4kP6Ey3Mmpe9dNDJ9+tD+B58F61L0f6wGg8f1xj9sn7NRG29FsHrDvuNfzAljVE7Pj7wjVdfpnE6yheJfG72z7UI6+YeB0HikNJZmHhTsVKtBcWHkO49DjayJxW/+Zv/uaWWPtCow3OBmizs1nb7G3kdLXJ2qz0GbPR2wxLdCpthsZtjHhsuPkzEw78Nmhlmzz9iA59tdkpKUgXHr6UJBgvSQL68BjHh8eGzcdTIMPv7KBin8RntvCLVXsm2qDPOAJxVFd28ic2NOeuE03tS8DfaR99zQl9fOSH9jngkeSdQ8kRvXjZK9lE+r03y4fmjV5lpN+9VcKIV6x9cBOH6ygGY+JP37Sp3/XMbyXUryx28unQpsMYufzAb9wY4qs+hC8drlux6Uf6ugeSxZPPSD3f6MGTD9kxv/g8M12vaQMPG8bNV1+i1DYG9PKhuaVPOx/YzwdzzQf9+PUXX/bUEb1RffmtzzWly3xKfo07mXY/uJ4I9OP1FzL22fTFRv7RM+O0RvUamzHJszF/YSPLlvuEXeOuAXsSbifcEnivmQD7xb6wcKdiJdoLC7cJHi1kE0I2IRvOhI1GP4ISg8lnc/Keo3cm+xcZH3rooe0VESfTNjubFbLx2sCjNn6btk2rhMKfa9mx2bVx67eh2QSRduBPmx0dZNokjaF8R22OeG3QE/Ebx2u8pER7r6tNXB3MKX5zlo/Nb3Otv/GWuHiyxXc6tfmJL3ugzkfzqKzfnKYLkeOffvOGV0xz/o4BP7v5Qw4VH3l6z6F5IB8BHdnP9+Ykm8nql9hk17j+eOJXSq7pI9N8QfNgTpV4mjdt9vdzC9kgrw+pQ/xsZT87EtUZVz4mqz+d895pDvDq42NtY1F9SrrYAn1IXzq12RA7PjKeD6SOLx72+N6rFe4B4/Q5UdbG53l0D9EB7itjkA+QrDnhN1l82qBPPQL8+PjGjpJf/DGPTp5dZ/z000emtYJt/fj7kC9uf+khZ1ySbYyMe8u4D7TG2OKXdom7+Jxw+93tH/uxHzu8+MUv3t4Lx9ecFEsxBz43LhZgT9/CwmMBK9FeWLgF8BhFbQIWftTGZpOxoUzos1EgsEG0WduInFL7Het777338KlPfWpLrvXZbOItuUNtQko2kTrQyR6fbH7nNiJxtGmlb5YID79thMU1Nzp9U88x0EMHPjJ8Sjc/89emXnz6Om2jO7/ml7PI42ucrERo/iQZ//Qp8XS9souPXuNKbb42B+dAP7pZsHUO+XvsWiNjV4H5xd9809M8ilm/tvmFTjfdo8bNRwmZ60LeXEuq1M2h01x6JGbslXBpkwHXiU0y6vSRya98aG6V+ot3xh1/RNfkV2pPSk49JC9p9OwZ5z8f+WUujPfOsj58kk11kFizSQeIQVLa/JD3Sxz00mFOyePH20/umXMolum3snk7BzzJ0cO2Pv6JxfVgU1++0VlZPzgA6MuOYvRhobmRQPdlSvrop7tknc/49IuVDnP4ghe8YPvXJZ1s0yd2Oos52+TUzVHz3r2ojQJe/i8sfC+wEu2FhVsAi7zFvI3AYt+mDXOTCm2OeIEOiYs+ybV/8twrIv5VRqfZvVdtM6KHThsYaiPUT28baH3Av/y0gU1fjgEf0IV3logvbLGN1NOPj1/40hEZm3pKNsjOeYR4zYE+OgFP/hU/WXUx4508xm3WPmDsfcSf712TyWPDVmq3kaNzoOcSLumASzx8Ymt/rfUZQ3BJT4mg+MRPD2ou9M97DIwhuuuTMEvWJD/dE+r4XGeJlqTKtZBo0gfkfejpRFzbGN3s01Gc9Erg+FtcZEJ9+Kee+uhD4NoWBzI+24gsHXw4lmiLufvL/cQvc4Cy40NHvEqyzWd21SWVnm962FXq6/ULr43hZUOZHnzKbJwDvcU5/dBHViKszxhe5aT68LgOkn/+dP3o6j4SizF6XXfXX795x2tO6TBX2fUKi18j8c42+XvuuWf78qR290fXwj3l3j2H4nK/LSx8L7AS7YWF2wiPF7LY20RCm0WnO+Ab/u973/u2MadEX/jCF7aN1aZlY7KptCna6JTaUf300dG4Pm0bXmRz0n8O+Gyqbaz7OtCbDTGKiX3j7PO7pKG+WSLybYaIDqCTvHFzgac2pMe86FdnS8kvfhQDGXySoXyEYtHWTxYlmw9K7RIIMufA10tg52bBJ5Tf/AT2Z/yX/HU/kDmXaJs7+sB8SnrMKbv4jOGVULmvgZyEyJhrI6HyYVK9a4XMccm3e6BrbQy0xaAPldzpR+wjKN494SsWpb6SNLJ7XRE+c+H+mIk239JVDGIyLgZz0Hz6YItPoqkPT3bziW4Jea9gdL/6RQ6Jtvk2t/j5QgbYxKvUb47Pgc3iFFt+q5NHrq/2KRgjIx6xpicd/KRfcqxPvefbdaMfv3uhd7fJ8csYArxeJ3nNa15zePWrX719eTI75gHMvfZEbXbpYPdSQr6wcLuwEu2FhdsIj1cbr00zaDuh9q51/0Ljgw8+eHjnO9+5baxOctp0bNL9Gd5mZHOz8dtgInwlRzYWG01j+kC/zUlpI6//FFoa6MJbWR/gaWOc+vHp4zMK6ZzLjnc5bbRt/o3Rkf82ZHWbLL3Zrw+ZU5u/PjryBW8ykpNIG68Snz6+mpsZB93KePh5CVfh4eslzHk6hvwUB+InsK8fQfN1Cp080scmPUhdzMbcl5JB18qYxE8MxjqpdJ9K9MiYN1AH/HhLvPXPeaYL9UsXJfJdU/pcG/1KMeLzTCjpmfMu5uaDb9mM3zh/jUXkkXpobskdS7T1g3tMH1lxGUP4m19z1xxDPiF94u1+A/rYIu+vMRJXMoie4hUL0ofOYcZJxvyyy1b+iCXeyV+7PiW5/NZnjvoFEm0n1Pw21/S7PzrBxouPzfxuDvWZW/75oOHLl34SUNLtfe7AFnS9+d61CPxoThcWHm2sRHth4RbAybPNH4UWfIu8JNBCb4NxguMLjf4xGa+G+A1sX0CKp00PJBU2MJsOHv0S7zYVbaSO9NcX6QN+2MxsdvTWfw54ovRHlg76xMhHbbqBXRskPjxsG2sjrw/507G2uZNQ8I083pIiSV7zQme6oE21k1L1fMODH4++kjyU3/hhxpKsmLWV2nzh8yVchYev58DfS3r4hEcMiJ+grzjBHJyD0z68XRd60tX1kuhJiiTVeJpr4+aVDQlQH5pcTzrSp+3aiqskyz1Pt77gtJpO8+56gHH6S+g8A5BvbBif82CsuMl3/ZD7Kn3GEB2zRPMe2SfabLBtPppnfdnEl3/0aMeXn5BPfAH8+YifTvKeDT+7x58+bOhnj694o3OYvOquI9t0abOvTx3xO9+T0XYv8MVcuH/UjZkP8+S5dpjQT/m5ZmIuXnbEiN/9oE6ebb4Aew4hjEvUvcfeCbd3ua0LE/mIzAs96VpY+F5hJdoLC7cANhWbzUye2nDBpvK5z31u23gk1/fff//hy1/+8iYHNisbkZMfvDYxSbkNsD95tsnb0Oi2AUe121xsaMrGPeaIbpsQvfrPofGpuxLxxYbJjri16Vfi0z+TE3aNI3L6EPDHu6jmQLz8l4SZAxuxTVbc9IqDXkS+pKUTbXbxsDE3XDxtwuT0zQRDP8x5Yi+72nQap/Mciusc+HMO06dTwIOaA34C+8XQ9ToHiduMj57mWh9deOacmms28RhXd/1cb3zdE64TmGvJov6uX77Tp0539vVpl5Snxxi9UTrol3wiNtw3dOznpHiSU0ZTJ7g3XH987Hsujc1Em39KvgLe9GYv3Y3TyUf+GUeAP5pzUQz6xOdZkWT2RcF89Azw5xzYzC/68kesoK96fk+qzzUh1weo4qHbXJl/6xvf9ZNRx+t55jtbTqQ75eZT8WZHPOr8zAfyL3nJSw4/8RM/cXjta197Y35g+sxusSwsfK+wEu2FhVsAG0Ybis2ukz8bhz+FO/GWaDuV9kVHbZuQx68vO0kUbDo2InpsVjYvyYsExUZjc0PGTxE+viirt/nwE9kc8Z6CsTav6sUX0Sk+NrTbXJVs6VfaeFtm9iXwRbKgRDZv4yXaSrpsmOlkF2UHiauEg3zJCt/IJq8fiUefEl998ejTpjMeNov/HPh1CZd0FMMl0NMc8BPY5y+CS7bcZ8XHLj1IXR8/mltEnzHAp6/5LSlWp7NEiXwnn/TxkYz7ng52XGv3vz7AV6KdHrzq+PMN6CI7k758U0f8wa9MV3HwR70SkSGPxMQP4+5Xfew31933/Giuism4Mfoa5yMb5BDwLZ2QbX4a81cbdTr4YO3wl4Y+oNLH3jnQ13WZc4fAmDpfm4c9gTL/8E7wUQx8EY/n2JpIt+vDZx8UyPWMN0/0KrWbF3NFJ5/7i4dTcr9O4p9z9xvcrZNd++ZQfe/fwsKjiZVoLyzcAkgwLfA2Df86o9dCvBLiz55Orp1i2xRtYDYmaKOy8dg0bSx+vs+fR20iNptO5SQe9Ns8bI5tHG0iUVBvE7RBAX1k6WCv/lPIT7rwzjJbdKorJSE+KCjZEZ/EWQJALn9Q80BWbG3sUIwlIMU7565YoH685kibbeP5pw/xI73sGItXH3+dliWLX1Kk1LbBNwfnQCe6GZBn7xz4gppXdeArKtm4BHMjZkQmnfmgfyaxeCQ95sxclDiy6RlQaiePx3U2v/TqM4ZHP33k3DvZ4RM070qyZIBt/BK4Em928JCVyIlDXV/Xmh4ExvQhPsyyOtCTPf09P2zSga9EkX/8Z9O88U1/uopBqb+E0twoi7VYuqbANn38wGfuendbScfkPwa26e9DMZ3TjjExsX8KxswBWfx8mbrYaH7iYa+5oN89o8RnbuhUV5qT/qpHZurtXsNHjr63vOUt278N8KxnPWt7vaaDCXLn4lhYeDSwEu2FhWtoM7AoW6D3sKC3adgcULDBSKS9FiLJllhLsG0sSL9T7N4ztkGVsLSxAP0SVf9KWu8ektcPbYZTpvokPuqPH8Q2N3oJgMQf6Ld56Xdixgc+duJErrj5j4+MzR4vXeZAiQ/li6TVO5pk8i2+fNQP+to4I23UhpyO+LJlLJ6pC8XDlvEpG+rD47poA53mBsQsznxOd3ryA4mxvmME5OgD88oWnezwBfLjFOhi75juZGecp0AOP7vqzWU+IvPgvlXiLVHDX/Ij7q6veYLsa9ML+dZ84RE3whcVGyjr4yc7XZPmjB58yl7Lws+3nj3JqDjwSOb4hLTppC9d5NikX/KHoHsEP3v5iJcupfGSaLoQxJ+fbCG+0afe/IRkgc5OgenYrynI9RBnpM0n/J7bmfybHz4XKx769WuzLX6+6WOHTfKQz0q85PFBbYhHWTwl33RKjsVBVmzWFn6YP36SaX4RPcaRf9zGB40f+ZEf2U64/SSgdRTisxaJA8gD+3zqvl5YuB1YifbCExot+hb3HgWL+X5DCDYN4/H4fWv0q7/6q1uC7UuOvuxIzqZh8cZn42iD0IfU24Tw50cbmbqNAeWHPkRu0uyLj36lOPhAB79tqNoSaX5JNvjj5FmibVOySdmgwUZnM6SLX2zgsRGW5NBHR4kMG/j1aecf/j48aPMHih/aVCuBPvxzLIqH/1BffBAPe80RVK+cOvWVtGibK/Mw5xVlo/sCiRPowBvVDpIe4Lu5NY9sKPPpEi7xNRfnQEdx81+MSn3iRtolJPXnpz4y5uNm0dyjOWfVkXvoXEz882s+gJ/vrqU5Rl1Tc10fuC9du3wQLzn2Ssryo+eqe5lOeswD0GOO5vN7Dsnh7VpUVmcvu0g/281PbX5LLKP5THbd5nyG7IE5A7zmSRxk6Eb6Ye8j1MZ/Dv65d6/WWTf46TnY31/ZVq8EurtPrblkrFsve9nLtp8CvPvuu7c1zoECX+hOV9eJDfPJJlpYuB1YifbCExoWXQu0RbYNp8W9TcOC3kattDBLkCTY/rVGv/Hsy43eHZS0WrzBZmSDa7MmR9fcIGqjsN/4+bPftNog9c0S4aWbDe02Zv36+KIssea3tg0pXU6IOhGUYIiXDnrNizj5ZmNrnsRJp5jxARn2a5Nps2NLP8pvRN8sgc9Q354X2IfJow7xiPMcxI74DHwjQ4/rynf3Ch594lPOWIw13/qbU1Q7mFd8Eg3XnF02lHveU7jE01ycAx3NWzErixu5BmI3hq97k+x8Ni7hKjEBvmjOHeLPuZiMmcdiIdPc+pDongb3fHEBnuagfrbJdV3yxdxou4bqPbfZMzeS7e6RSyDDdtT1mG262IyAP/xV1s8HvrcG8atrJKHV3zWGPgCLxdx6rouh67y3d5XnLf2n4MO69Qcfas6V/JtzH/UhFg8flP4NAmN0eFfb+nXXXXdtv0zidNvreOKhT3zdx/qgGC75u7Dw3eD7/r9reLi+sPCEhMW2BdZmYiFXWpRb+FugJZ/+lULvYH/iE584/Nqv/dr2Lzha5PHY1CSb/gxaaeHvNY25uWVXHzuIjjYBdYv/5FNqI+NIX/VJ6ZhIDxijX2nDQurp9vqLDbYNzoaLH+mnx4ZmEy/uNnDzZ77M5dyI27jbtNnKz+KqH6Y/EE+kPx6xATth1iE9kE8oH7ve0wYY53tx05Ps5O1a7PtRSA7MEd104jEvbOgrrku4Cs8l0JFP7Eb6+ITMDb76+Qj1QTpOAe9V/Y0XTb3T9imQ4VP3JeI/WXPeB0f9eOlzX3aPk+2ZhK4JuFbItUb0mR8yEZ0h/5XnCE/E1mzvKbDVM42AbPF4bvtggdTJx8MuHTB1ewbIi03seErW1ck2N9OfWYfu61NEh2uU710DNvPHmtIzOTHb/MTLL3Fau3zh3Gm5a0O/wwFrMX3mrDkI6voXFm411on2wsLDsNCWGJbsejws/E5evva1rx0eeOCBG799bTGXeNu0fQmnzaDNTzk3A+0SKaUxNsi1gbGnb9puE9fHN/Jks1U9gjZf7WxO3drsZjs+m5F4zINN2SZIlzGltg23ZcOfZo3NDYvPZOlhywkaWTbYpVvJd/30KYEeutGsz9gg+1CdPtjrgHTwJ/7JF0m8nC7zURz6yOHVZ0MvMRD3jF0MUfMN0+9Zx+cvCnjpdC3oYldpfPKfwiWeYjuHYsTHrviU+sQsdgkKvuxNvbPvHPB1nU4hXWHfhub8FPjhHuSz65nv3dcl2t37+MVp7rVdC9eEHH+bA3xkzA/wQzJnTH9EBq/7Q0nvOUwe9a7FnvSj7ju+7q8XPZMgnqj4OhDoLyr66TRHElZxA1484uo5mHMw/QN1eszFObBHD31sIh8O5vPji56ug1iy3fXQx6Y6iBOM859uX460PtPz1re+dTvp5hceKO6FhduFdaK98IRGizmoW4DbbCz2Fn3vXd97772Hj3/849u72J/+9Ke3XweRfFukfQmHjIW7JJW8Rd6GKJmyGfsJP/2RTWtugOr1If7knzbfyOnDNynZ2aZTfaL+Eojk+N6rL8gHCLGVpIhPKWl2Om9z1oY2WlCaN/oQf/Mb8JYkZLty6qg+se9vHqMwefb8bEG6+DHJ3IhVDIiv8ee3eOhJB/B/xgJ7vyAZRI97hc45B9rk0nMJexvfDejYx5I/4kYlI/zTT4bf2a//HF0lrmPxJD9tX4Lrhy9ZxLb72v2L+O866C9OFH92XCf6gMy8ztmZz7B2srM8RWTEFuqfiG+O1TepsXk9QKlPMttzbm2SkIqB7yXUU6/5MWdKkNx6tmunH2adDjrPIf/wmj86lcAntlwPdXz5kj/Nt3tTOWMwTt5PqvpCunf2xa+/5w4vgvxYWLjVWIn2whMaFvASQgt8C60NyOn1Zz7zmcMv/MIvHD7ykY9sbX+OlExb0CWdkmeJtgW91yss+BZ6p0Ulo6ANbUAR/uzWp20jQPW3AdkQyLSxzDJd6akN9dPDb5uNTVasTud9GAAJiM0Ij18MEaf2tANtgEhdP902QXHbwLTFwLZxvhdT/HTqB2Pq8VUv+QmzTncxwjk+tkA//VFt48jctMmno7JNXRtlX1/yMH2C+NNjjthhY8pBuuI9h72d7wZ0ZIvtSB//EH+V5gnymWzzeAnpPQf6IpjXp/ocPwZjJVvqxYAaR/zHM5+t5iGQsUa4H4zxv2uVL+S7l9O9R/2naMZ1jOjv3pswdgz6m29+zbqx4rJuRa0JXrFgq7nB7zk3Zv3Da35hztd+7sjpO0WtP64rv0p8S6SVEmU8/KWPX+5F65Q11Qd/fa3ldPEZD3lj2tZuyba/SPrypHFrnDjIip3NhYVbjfXqyMITGjYMi6zF1qPgW/D33Xff4bOf/ex2ku2U12siNgSLcNQmZLFW2oRtAhb0eNRtbPot/nS02ekDNksg9PNDCXQioM+mAdlC6apEdNq02iDpFmMbEF02LV8g0qfdPPgSFHLaRY9NjAzfnYTpSy8yD/yxSdU2DnSXoLDBJ33aSm398ULzMUvYJ0jH4g7JpQPU8fBPnb494bXJu6b8Rnj5OGMyzvfk8ABf8DWmPyI3/QIfYiQR5p4NvgE+uujhwyXM2I9h2jwFOvKP3eLQxwfXV/LV9Wwu+Y3HuPvnki/pPgexB7rzqxKxfc6WsZ7prm1levB4poqV/+5zMeIFvGITs3G8rr/7hJ/5op5ustnKX3QJ9Mc7ZdWBDbZ73vhJxnhzoV4bfz7Wj3rm0qPEg9eYufCvLkpki008+OKlny9A595XdSB7DsXgOvTsmWP29COn0ZJ7uvjGJ7yuLyLrr4vWbiUf6OBj15GsV/+sa+Sf8YxnHJ73vOdtPwfo10me+9znbq+Y9F2ahYVbiXWivfCERgu3Rdki/LGPfezwtre97fDud797ez3EAm8xl2Q42bX5WNjbQNpcbBg2qTZgchZ+iZTNrEW/zSIC/W0IdOOlt00U8LZ5GFMi+lDtKP3G8Lfx1e/LnH7bm8/9YxdOhyTZ4uS/TYtNsuJD/MmGMXOjT7KI8CjJIzHgy09IRzFp52Okb/abn+ohP0L1ybPnZxP0Z2Payk/XDOkj19xXn/OKQB/9+REm3+Q3z+aK7eYi2WyYv0vY2/tuQEd+NQfF2P3p3pZoda+WlIEY6j+H9J7DjIf9rs2sz7k6BXOHd8YD/BRHc6u/WOKjH+H1AXPy4ytu+iWHJaT1Ichfvl4iSEftOc4f6wPQybf93PCRr5CfiLxxYCOdxrTJk/PMOj32HPvQ0TU1DuKUjPpuhnsXGoNjdeUpEk9/+WtOi6PYOrnmLx/nh6H8L2b+WZPMFR5rmJg8y64x333ApdfJ9ic/+cnt16Osgf51STwLC7ca60R74Y6Fhdji6xZWt/Cqt7mABTi+uRkGMhbjhx56aPuJPj/Xp/QahUVXciEhKgE+RRZ1izsbbOdTthHbxvFpz/E2DHU8YCOjpyQAbxsf3uIkgy9qMy7RAP5JGMjT54ODMb60uUxfbUw23L2v0ByyzVZjjQf6yRZXyCeYupGx2a7PRpxdmPqqT71hb6t5NDfdL/XTr10/Ptj73zWGvc34lNnpHqyfPmTe2TKmf9pQz5dzyLcZByLnmruOrhG+4lLvuurjo/aEsfRGeMSC31j3pbHmc69nj3SlP/8rq7PDf+2eveYx3kvgTzonfz5A80AnNNb4nE8xms/+uoP4KOlsjXCfmhfyeLsG9OvvWdOP6DW2vx7K/T1TadxcNB9s6UfTd/y1Ubyhviib8WmLXWLqy4RPf/rTtxjFbW3oVbipP9+KQb/Yijvd9OpXxwvpQfEhibbYrIdsK9kQHx10eQWktUhi7dCk+wfpJ+daABk69PGNvFP8n/zJn9zick070TdOxymkky/8XFjYYyXaC3csLHAWzGMbTAujxb4NBF+LLln04IMPbj/P58+T/rToNRFfBLT4W2SRRVjCDemojOjSZ7Ftwc0W4ps+i7ZxY9Mv/WLRZ7MGGzqUKNkY6ImPj7XJz03BhuQDRJtAsHnYRPgA5PNv+orYeDTQXGU3X6pfFZd42ZhzV3zsmw9jdFyKGz86B9eBrpl0QLJIjOdwlfinLvGpi0W7k79OC+f90j2qj4/dk+eAH69Y8M45S7e+c+BXvuZvVB+d/JYE6c9/9zLb2byE/fzSHab9c3Adu5Zsl5xJ5DxjfPLceUZn2TyQQ2T4ne/io4sP4iNX4t01Kcb8VBqPBxUjvcWSnNL4LOuf1Ni+T8LKD2uGJPuZz3zmVtcndh/Wi4lv5PhkTvDkY+sSaAOZ5rW+7O79EVf3mro+NvjAR/NGV3+Vg+4VvHwx//g8E/r4xOd8pds1EJ8PFf51yde85jXbKyZ4+cgWnfjw8wnxF5oDJVpYCOvVkYU7FhY/C5rFd1ILnUXPwmgxbMzC6newvYftNZEPfvCDB7+HLcH2PjZ+C6vEGlnAbYR0ZGuWKMzFt00BheSMqfMPZh+wqV586WrjgLkhpRep2xD6ApHNBQ8d4rA5OqFqU0/P1JeNGcMxYivem8FeL7vm0DxEbcY3g+aJz8U6+6f9cwTN0ymyGdNF99SfDnU+nAO5ylOUXmC3PnXX17x1P2UvmfpQ7XOIf9pBMHVfBeQnTWjnu3rPb/f/d2pjX5+4qi52Ab/rZ049T9YI64W+5lzihuacdN0BT7HoKzlvXqetKaveWNcB4kPHYpzYz8dsB3VzTr84rJnImoGKTexszvWOTNdOqS//6Z0+JzMJT+XUmU/myXx1T6TLa3r4yEDy+Qb84be266dMtzqf7Q10OWzB317QM4QvfaAvfxGZ6gsLYSXaC3csWuTAgtkiDm1EeCyMTjL8sob3riXWEuxf/uVfPnzpS1+6saGXiHYyom2hbVGfC+qsR+zgbXGPB5T8mQt/wKcP4WlRzy9tPMba9LRtOG0CxsQoye63vUEc85dDID3maE/GojbLU4Sn+G4GdGUr2yH9xm8WdDWPxTr7kfolOjZXe2quJ6YOoONmkd/ZhfSbTzbcc/kNM9ZiqX0O8bOjnh6Yui+BbFQ70O056J4w1vPX/XEVG4CPfOW0A419J0gGucbWh7lO8I+fJaaeSWRd6TkOeJG5I9Pz3xxDfhdDODZOPp76Id6QrskzS8RXJVnXoSS7dcOYd6GVrV3qxR6fOZlrHn3omL+n0BpHX/PaKTQfrNfm2DUAdX9x4DfbeFwjvuUvXj7wpXha/+n3/RV/5aQHDxnrLZ6uIxnEl9Yn7cYWFsJKtBfuWLSgWeQsljAXuOoSbK+HfOhDH9rIF2B8EUa/BdTiajFHFtM2GaCXnbmwotmurqQPTRmoNGbx17aAJ6dPCY3bGGob44s+JR/zFfxpVHJtY8CjX3Ldr4jYbGwIxvHRTw9q85vQtqnRdYragG4W7HQNpz+T2LtZNNf0ZWf2z7FLlOwp7Od3lmJR4rkEPuE7Rd1r05Z+ZdT9ZDyd6U2u9jnEn430wNR9Dskpo5C/YqLPPWG8+7977pKN0HN8yg5cxd9kyTRfyQM7iN8IP19L+PxlSTLIFhIP6tnxXEruJH90k+0emXbozd99DN0HM06YbfV0TN76JxVLetnKr+wqO92uPX1OT/FCvMamXv1oXzduXaanV3ZQSbQvN5pb+vBBPHzD0zrZ/UBXiTY97IBxOvR5LYUOfxn0U4B+ocmXJq1VDi/w0k0ffr6p66N3YWFiJdoLdzxakFvkLHjIQukVESfY73nPe7YT7N/4jd/YvuhoofVNc0n2fjPphKIFuPH0VldWJ6uOd/Lrh8rGjYXklNCGwAeluIzbfNSdqui3ObepqINxibVTbO8bSrDpE5ME2+bfXEF+QT4pq/PpEt0K0NMcNEfThrm4WYiJLjGby2KvH+lnq83+GDU/58i9Ez872dQfdQ1O4ZjePTVP6Z5y2cUDeKBY8eRj7XOIn0719MDUfQ7JVQ/5mr/0zfufjPiMX7IB5DzjymN2QP8lXc0vGfb5FHUdu1/w8dXzpq7Pc4fYwld8kj+krg8vWSWdyulnviL1fQz0IGhsAl/Al85zxB9zWFKZbeCjBNTa0wdyY8VmjVIWV77NuOhTn3NZ/LOuZMM8qpPjU36ls9PmgA/RIRGWkONLnr/ZUFd6bcS4fcHaya4E2680Oayxd2THuLj4QJZcc7uwMLES7YU7Gi3aFr4WVUmnUyQL4z/7Z/9s+5ccfdHRQu2U15cbO8VuI7FAkm+xtElYSFELpzH1fYn4UV8ULOahTQdvwJt9/XiUYoFiY8OYtoTZaYuFXwJNvm/L+9KSONugOllT4jPWvLEzKd8RW+eIrvTcDMQTTd1zTkpSbgbFR0+b8+yfY+eQT+do6sAf6HddjYv3HOi5ZKs5ohPRn4x6bcgn7Xj0odrnED+d6umBqfsckpm28hOB60+fa45Pm8yM7xLIeYbP2QHzdw7NL3+a4/xA9HuuPGfq+Of9jKwxEr2ZkIpprj3a+ZpeYNv4JCgGfCg+SD4de+DDP3lmieLJZs+kPhBH/76AuLr++Eq08Rvr+vGr+wfqm/PZ2Gxbu8wfPdY4p9ity/p96btxhwuov06y0frn8IE/dBYLHUq8SD/9yPXhG91OuOnphNtewo7rB8ribC4XFsJKtBfueFgcLW4WcQvhF77whe2fSn/ve997+MVf/MVtkbUw++Z8/yiBBVQ/ud5fbrG1SNsoWqw7sYIW5lmiNtD6QxsLMmYxzl99gF8f0scX4/tEgy4+O3WRXFvsjfHTBmTh57c+G4qNoVOgiG78dAP9iP494T+H4rpZZC997JpPPkaXfLkKijMb+T7jPzcfe4r3FOFxLeY1B3bV9Z9DOtJ3jOjFM+dpjoNxaA6106sP1T6H+PM/PTB1n4NxPge69mRelOJhR5tcCdklG0DOs1BM5PI9MjZ9OQY8CP+0zyeJGILiUiajbtzzptQmLy66pj9grZl62PC8ZufYvAHeqH72T4GefIRjdXaBn/u4lXisL+kSi7isN8j6o10sSjrwzXsle+p70k+OfW3z45o2F/SxZZwvzZUxpE1Gqc0uPmW84qGzAxj7A14HNUgMxh3MOMRgU6JtDfYOt/0GD12uM9mFhT3Wz/stPG5g0fv85z+/vYfty47+5PeiF71oS079okinKxZEi6fFdr+4Iwv83BQs1hbQuSlUj5yiK+lH8acD6WdTaazNlr42A318A5sCtAHbVHyZ029+O52xKTzlKU/ZEmx68POj5JrOEnDxdPIzY4non/1gzs6BjA3mZtE8zDlXn/1iYO8c8J1DcdJZsgP65jUr/lO4ZCekN33sloiwzd45kCN/DsbZce1dWzb0JafNDp/FrMTfva+PP9PPU8Cf7/m2153dU8CPp+uqnKTPh2I2xMOm54Gc57d5w3cO/JMcpZdc1zxf8ZiHc2AfkUNTrkQN2Ggu0w/Je03NOiRJ8xziJ9/aAp7n/EPNB3k82l3j7KjzZ/qZ/Sg9SpjXej+uBGuktaQP9HQXb7z5EIF5ERNeBxr+1UW+k8dDZ7z6EV/ojOievjQ/+roG+roGSu9Ql1Tnj7YE2v0E/n0E9xCeTsWbW/cYP+jx3R3EjnWHDfPuummTM+6U23V905vedHjLW95yuOeee7Z5a24XFsJKtBces7AoW1gtjAgsthY9ZIG0YFrYJNX/6l/9q+1fdPSNcYtsi6Jx1KKqrG/qPoVkZ32WQC/fLPDK+tJvg/KOoF8E8YEA+Gdhxm/RFqv3q9XFZVwdWeTFxabkWpneNhv2kATZ3BlD+U5/m2Obj3qbl1jSgRqL8NDVePEbixf0s4sH2CxJ4ifbSv381MYbn9Kc5BMSY3ag2EAfGUlB/fSRo2fKFfcpkOUb24hsOupzbynpZIdv2u5JcE1ds+6DUyDfnDevyoh8H7ZOgd1LdprDcxDzJR5zfA7mTuw9n/wSEwJzWLw3C/NzFUx7XbMIuh+aR6QedT+cA11XuQZ0uVfUzaUTUyejyHPw1/7aX7vxRTvzZ51QSgKdtorDB23yEfCz0vND1znwwfzh57frEhV/86seX/VJ7DWX874Vn34+W9P8NrXfpLamsSN2HzyMuwZk8PMd0d185SNkF+Y8NBenwK+nPvWp21xbR33g4Tt/JMvIvcunDmY8e2w1Vyg7fMLv2uDX/8Y3vvHwUz/1U9uHC2sE/dYB8RjHy173o3E2tPGDOF3/eBYeH1ivjiw8JmGDaZNTWoT1KVvgWuS8KuKLjh/4wAcOX/7ylzf5vsxiwbLItQkg7cg4/bPvFEHyez2Nh2zRj9Qt1BZovOpisdiqW2iRRRm/BVlsfh3Fhwg+zl8QwZvfFmcbWwu3uv7pI7CN2Ct5qA3JRI1Fe550GzulR18bOOjL7+S09avHu9dlTuKH9EP82uKyObdZoakjmVPAC9MH0B/Rka+18Zp3pXggm6eoe1s9u8Xo3kAwbe/p0jjiBzo2FjV+Dnzby02iQ0z5jj/byYt3Xpvvlui6hOa2cvrC38b2SHc8yZzC5D9Fez/0kUPaxiTWPiy6r/BZ39zL7itjvo9BDrr/el66Xyun7T3RrYR8mASNTzQGjU97c37rr09dHNY36xR0/7tXJN4OE4zpt76RwU8X/dN+qC+755AtMurmlx2y+s2lPm1zZO4R8F3SDPU1j3x3Eu7aWbOt1+rWcIcrytbs6ae6WOnbXxPthccPVqK98JiERQhZdCyALT4WpRYri9mv/dqvHd73vvdtr4v4ZrgF0bt0Em2LaXpQm4EyohPf7DtFU3avRxuqI7oj/SXRFlfxtOng7RWPFnTkz5NOX8CJlpNsG4H5oI+OyGYUQX4hiC/wAdoQAW++o8am7ORJv7FTevZjcz70IfMP+Eoc9KenMl2QftCH3Btt3tnBM+v5cQ7ZD+znAz1gY8ZXv3qbOJ7pwyniqzIUhzmYurJ/itg/R/Hs5SYZvwT+HJON6BA33/M/H5I3LuGY8/DdkDm6hP01mL5Urz0hlspTPBPigjkXe+JLuma/e8Az7fDAX7usB9YAIIPEaj0w1gl89whyzwB9YdrYUz4A3/cEk+cY0tU9q94c0zH7+Mh/CalSW7/nVXzaxqznIEZzor++6Uv16fMlfwEfHvcfG+a8+XVAYT3mE9/pw8cPvpLFp05Gu+vjuvgg1Em4X7Zy4EMn+fYitlvftZujY77rW3j8YCXaC49JWHgsRBZaC1wJlMXXt9192dHP9r3//e/ffl3EiQIZCalTXwumRa1N3cIV4YtaOGffVWivJwJj9EbxWoinPYs16BMfn9Ul17/zO7+zneBLvv3ZVZKNn45O9s0L0E8noifkD2Qr4AVz3Bh+uqLGoj2PenGc0qM/P2c/4NcnZnV8+NMVf2V2YOpJRuzxR6F68qeQDWU+oOwh4+4tZWPqrgkZ8Uzb54D/WAl0pOsUsY1n+rcnfOk7R1fBMbmILfeVeWgu8gFqd+/dDLqnzoFP+7Jrq4R82yOZ6f8lkDlFkF1lc1GiXXKpPT9sm0fX1zrgwzgZ+uiZMeBpXune258048mXSTDvu2NIz/QhMjb1iEHSWTKbDPAZjz6yJbfq3UeQL+kP+UzP7D8G9wx56yw7rRdsZwvxMV568U2ZYKz9hQ/554DEvzCJrOX2MHLeF8eLxzUuNm3Yz/3C4wcr0V54TMPiY+GxUFl8/PnUayL/8l/+y+3kwCm2DclG5eTAn+psSOQsZvotZC2Cyggsli3SV6Wpr3qL5OxvDIzzU7t4LNIWcHAq0ibk2+zaTua914icvjgtcfID9NG1t4eM5Q/MejJ8APYa3+tqbOqbPOkydkqPfptWfUqYvPXhPaanjadxSD/Ur50vaJ+4R5cwefK5Mj9skkrt5rKN07XN7jnCn4+BHfrck+nN7jHCP307RuHYWHRVHJON8l1cyDzmH2jjg/1cfKd0levYNQL86uY7gjnHx1BcV0HzcIyyPf3Xz777xTpgrVIal5x53pXs+86GdY0OctlLPtI35/0YJQ949wT04oVpL2Q7GbzaaEK/8eJGYnBtHBjgl4BKrsVnTcRj7QbzkU/ZUOZbOov9HNKDD2kr6SLvmcs362/3SHb5gi/bzUE6jPOfHhCf12EcjtBlvBiTTb55qX/h8YWVaC88JmGTsWBZnJSSVL+F7fTaqyJeGbEgSk5tQhLskpMWL9TpSFQ/Arwt0qdoyu7LyCLZhqO9XywtpPw1XlxIW78N1aIskabnrrvuOjz72c/eEmw89Fu4oVMU/ZBum5MNIp+Argj0k5uyx8ZQY6fks2PslB5+I/WuS7zqsy9KTzLNZeOQfpj9SnOBsk1fOq+C6T/SRulQptd4G6s+fO4ndb5k+xi5XvkNZIs3wpf9c3QO+XEOl3TAnItjZJzPzT+bzSEUS/WbofScAh7PgjKom4s5H65duvY6taNzmHynqPmY/sxx8Hzzx/3DR+1OteMBOrTNNf6o+4Xs1L2ndFTuCea8QPWpB08y2ux3j8y+ysb5Z90Wm74S7Q5FnHyXhDvJ71nSLtZ5T6G9v8dAHi99ERnzbZ1F1mR9xjp1zr46He0poM99pgzkxWJPslaL08m2AxS6yDoUKmnHT3/+sLHw+MJKtBcek/DtcAuaBdQp9uc+97nDRz7yke11ka985StbYuo1EQujk1+LpIURkUn2VBI9NwJ859BiWLmvI3ZhP8aORRTpt/CWKOuzodh0yFuwxeWDw/Oe97wtLsk3sgjzswS9xZj+FvtIzMaNZV+ZX8bU5xjke9RYtOfZx3iMh9/843s+x6udn/oibToap2fyQPqhfu3qKH/AGJ2XkN7JP2NEtRH/xKavjdL1qX6KgPyxsSgb54DvEuZ8nCLxXsIlW8bNh+uN0ptu7XiUN0NXAR/w5gOastpdO+AfTBuzfjNoLnoO5hy4Nu4Xz7lnt5NtY/qtDb12QUf3VvdecbHRdU73MTJerNUnQfOCoP6gH8+0xx++TBQr3nyF4ko2/dYva6JrZy6s4/GRNy9TT/e2vnw9Bfqg+VbmtzHrsrnXnvHiM/cl/06l84Fv+vlNJ5JYG7d+0+dE2yGRfcsrjt7nlmiTR3xgoxj1NS8Ljw+sRHvhMQkLj4XP5vPJT35y+4dnJNlOBSxE/Qmuha/kxpik2wJtDFmwWrT2i5eFrUX6FLUYnuuzELc4Ng5zUecTX/mnz6m9RZesWJze8FcsFmibTV+QshHQmb50sqkMbNMlJv3xNEZ/vic7x41FjUV7HvVLevK1eYZ854u+5Ke9dOTv5IH0Q/1tpPkB6UhP8qeAj55ig2kb4QnxgzE2aufjMcqnSB9koznSny/HCGa8xzDvlVOUnXO45ItxdC7Rbr7q/26JrnPgz7TX/ddcT8I7ke769+N7GL9EbPMj0i6Oro8+z/6eyFsDWmPwk00H6DPn9Oxt74mOYqw+CfiI9xSMmcvuK+3mE/RDPqLsx0teXNZ4BwwS1GJsnvBKZkHbfMy5YwfRhfcUjFl/lcU4MeNWpz8f1M0vX9XbX9K3v9eLXd989sThZwV9UVKc9ImFjmIoZvzKhccHVqK98D2BhSS0oMzFxaIkyZRcv+c97zl86lOf2toS0E4UOulo0dMnybQQWrTSl85ZRmRa7E6RxfNY/yQLJ7CLyAAfIqcY/AOviDip7wuS/nzqH6ERm7hsPE6xLNRis8FYmDvZwmMM2Cr2NiI+sdkiH59+aBwqiyU+/VGIZxJMnjlf2eeTfu38Frd+ffGlZ+qfevbjUD9dofGuB9JOPujj16zjDeme9tMFkx+P/vxQT2d81VFzkq5pyxypz5iOIZlZ3+trs5+IJx/ZmXLVIT18vQRy7CH1Yg3slLzcDLn/uybsIPX6QJ85j8jFO6n4oBLUjYfJt5e/BHHvfSHH33z2/BvrWpHZJ5bWgPhnIqjPmP6uZQSzjgeFfRtfCT7MMci/6Ss0v1MfHshn4/iaB2uZAwdJNpK0su3QQQndS/jJIkgnMpb+fMoX0EcnTB7j3a8lzMr8s/ZmM7nsmfuuUcm3vl4LsVa7JvYsv+HtL7Dafv7PFyXtZ9Z/cdNJB9784gebaA/jcGxs4bGH9Q/WLHxPYBFBFjALldvQYgdKP9cnyXaa7VdG8PjlDYmoBcxJsC8JthBFLYgoHBtTn2Pn0GZ2DnzCgxdZiMHCLB7xveAFL9hiQRJtMVmUO5Enb+HGS25SfW0KxaKcpA/vpOQnScovxY0Pprw6qLNnY6i/OFEwD/iMu97Jt5EZmx8aTiG5c8DT9YyaEwTK7j32S2Lyz7j+4tCPZmxXuR9sqJAPUW1lPKeQvXNIF9+7L7qXtM2tMXqmL/u6mPCVwDamng6JxCXQdQ7GL/FcBT6Imj8+9kGUn55DPounpOUU+OH6AxlzVBnl6+zvvuk5z5dz4OOluNmgD4kLuiZKJDGVnLEncbMGWj+8viBxo4OtGc8kfaF4Jm/9dLDHznw2u6dQz/6kdCHQJqMsNnVxIPUZqznyj8c8//nP30rzbH7jTS++5EAbD/CNHden66J8znOesyW14BSdTLHh1VbqEz+7YiTLlnGHI15rxGMN9QtXkmj3H52uQX4VY9eOX9r0lYQD+R/90R89/PW//tcPL33pSzffxUmX1whbq4sdzAXi78JjH+tEe+F7AgtPfyq0SFlc4Ktf/er2T+W+613vOjz44IPbaYdFxoLnEz9ei0un1mC8hbBFTh3m4gT1V8KsHwM7l3gsvHjw5gtk37gE22lGMdkgLaTzBB6Uk8IcJ7+nMGVg34bm7io45gOw2QeD+vclHvPRJjn7G9v3HaN4zqFNM5A7Bnz8gXi0kz9mLz+mzuI5RVNmUsiHm0E6m1/17ldt/Si78UehazT1NF5/Sek5TJ3HsLf73aJnzFpQot29JP7+uqN+ivAHcrMM09/mBZJH1rI5Z8cIv/ISiivQ2/wbsw6WFEqu+/1pbWuJmPkTyEfBdZxzEO3bbHomik0f6NfHlv5JsK+HbOpLN19cq/qBXn3iEB+7+vCqs92ckDMfklbrqUTYyTVd9hd/JfC6hnkj6wuK1uGnP/3pGy875H14KaF1+PHQQw8dXvziF2+veUiE7VP8ZQO557Qlw06n6eIL/Xxlq3jVZ8yITnrEwraDI9cRD172+Cjm5qUPONA1XLgzsBLthe8JLDAWOAugRcPCIsH+hV/4he1VkV/5lV/ZFh8LmsVLMgoWKQuXRREsQi1k+zrCH7RnCfGdgwXtEo8Fku3s7yFe3zy3IViIxeREyqIufn62QeKNZvuY31HY80F6Jvh5CemZ8ntd9Oz7tFGbBh51FG9+Z2O2jxHZSyjhycYsZ73NDqZ+fdPPZIx3bV0r/ZPnGKV30kR8N4t0549696u2/hBvFPDNawSTL91X2din3mNI583C2sEf18NaUNIH9cVziooZuhaVAc/eX+3uB3U6Zt8pugQ89GSPL6j5F09rIV5Jng/uTlKtkxKzksbkZwl0Ny/Zy79Zh54HOOZXiWn91fd9la4LyhYd2nxX1mdcKcn2m9TGJaXsqRvvGRaHa6/fvz3wzGc+c0t68TgRlzA7yXYKbb31T9i/8pWvPDzwwAOH5z73udvJsgTXFxcl5l7hs06/6U1v2v6Nhje/+c3bv87byTKb6vjYNdcz0TZWzGIy10oQU/PZF/iN+cDkS5K+MMlfHwR8F0ksbDZfKPn6Fu4MrER74VGHxamF2oJhQfWayDve8Y7tl0XmP9ZiY1FakCxyElUJlXonBy1CSDtqYWsMKkMy52AB3cvtwdYxHn3ZkFSLB6mLi27x+KDhtGL6rQzpmfXZB/jzY9+/x6WYIR1T/pJP+eD6zE1Bn3ZxxX9Vou8SzN/0b6L+fEsf3+jnl769fPZnYpI83lOEN/70hHhuBfJvzmv3q3bXIL4o5AtfmwOY/k+eS5i6j2Fv/7tF60F+0cn/PqxKcJqTSwT7MjQPEH8xzPmI7xRdBXOdyVYxgJgllPjAmoHISNqMid/amUz+Qn6HqX8/V/j01b+PQ585njr3+vd1fpfkTzsRW91/2hJff/0jIzYxWjOt+2R7DpGYfdDwF1Gvc/BV8uvXmyTKElv7jFdS7r333sOrX/3qLbGlE0ls6SbnHwj76Ec/enjrW9+6Hfg42SZrfeG7Pai9yUER5Dce4zMOvjaX2uLhL1vFpY8cn3/7t397O0lnU53OEvuS9mzUXnhsYyXaC486LFYWCIuNhdGi5ldF/Da2kweLlz/5tbi0yCenDhapFmmkf7ZRi1u056l9Duxe4mnTmMgGYqefI8x/C6VFFJUgQJsQOoZ0TkyZ/fgxPcanzJ4gP2vDrE/QF38bppj0mb82mikf/z6WY2jjOofmsPij2Qf5os03fvBr7x8Yw1eJ+IL3HLpPsxnoj/Zj3w3yKd/Vu1+1i/OSL/MaAf5536f7Ei7xGL+Knqug54ZvtSUgxWOsmI7RjCkdlYEeBJNnH0ftU7TXewwlTXhRPsLUo1/dWiLh67WIXsWLD6kn3z1A3j18jJqzdKjD/n6A5gXycyL5xsSHpm72uob5xRY+/U6cjelzMCNW6762cfHaRyS9ToW9kuEvoWxYb502Oxl2+u9wQ+L6kpe8ZDvZftrTnrbJmjdjdNHvrwSvetWrtn99WEJujzLPkmGn32Du+YP407qeT8UExaUtLjbcq6BNXh/95CTYYvAhg+3e++ajpFy9+3Jej4XHLlaivfCow0JhEfFLIj//8z9/eO9733v4/Oc/vy14/vRmgbRwWkgsPBYpdYuRBa+FzSIzid5oLkDq5Bub9WTP4SoL2hxvgQX92RKHRdjmgSzyFlz8+dSCDMrp375eiW/aLK4wx8IcPwV6YMrv64iu/Ic2FqTPmD6UPJm9n+dA1yXgoS/d6d/X80N9+p1v8Ud7H5PP1jEqoUCBTDZgjn23yMb0qftVW388KOx9ESdeBM0LgvRcwiWevR/fLfg+P6DyTx3R3z1XnMcIiq92ZaAH7eVgxnEppr3eY5BoAd6uhfqcs9ZDflsPrZOSL31eIVFK/ia6julJRzYmZbv5Q2SaB3rw5BfUTnbWa0M6yDXmGvIF6sNjfQe+lrjmh2er6+aDFdLn9RL7ivnAZ311ku2U2JywY2+RkDv1xps+6zEevjrgkZB7tURpjvnAV3uP68TP+viiv6RbP1utAeqt88btYXw1pr+Y6a0UA3h1hv99gMRLL1t4F+4MrER74VGHxeO+++7b3oH78Ic/vH1qt4j4xN6P/LdZWFjA4tMpgjpq8Y3mhlJZ3aI0y8j4JZC5xNe4OBDsbXtlxoJpceV7sRkTD35jE/qi2Z6YNpXFFhr7TtFCPuX3dTHwpxjBxiI+pM/GgC8iR8ZYseg7R83VOeAr9nOED/gcZcd4G6R6aLykwPg5mvMByU+a498tsjfnlW2ltn529r5URsa7PukohniuArLnYPwSz1XAr/kMzXj5ba3Qzt4pal6Kbx+newHpT39Ix60APdYANtxjXYvG+KmsT9taKE7x6ienn7+Qf5OMT71R7Up8M97uBRSMRXN+qqNige4p0GcMT3rjVxcbP/BJXKP5F4vWTG0JbLJk9JuH+pR0umf005UfoC9d1mC6Jer6yegHutjWR0cJNH76+9CDh0/xxmdcom2vw1c82VaSsw+SdYLuQwA+J9tecXHajRcfmwuPfaxEe+FRh9dEfOnRu3NOsX2672TGwmbRQrM+F2IltKBGeGa7PguWMpptSN8p4KfrHBqni19KfWSzZ7FUtzki8SFjeMnMRFvfKQpk9pS9oO+7AT0w5ff1NrLiAH02F9SYOWleQAwz7kvUhngJdKLm4BjRFy++GWd9c56zXzl9P0ViViYf1Ybs3gyyl3/q+a+tv7hh70dEJh2gnR6I7xLiPwXjl3iuAvPrPiu+OZfGJCD1n6LmBIptHyM++vSzNed5xqLvHF2K2bh1Lhutc9noGk4yHr92J7lkw5SvHjUHc1ypH9IP+uc9rb8EdFL+VC8OyB5qjD5662vNKIHEY02U9JZ00lfCii/51lc66DWfZI0ryeDRT1fXFS896uzhkcR6hYOMhBqPcWOt0fQ0J8VcfOSQOv4Se3Z6DaX568OSNr7k+aLPGP1O4v0Sl3fL+e9AymsxC499rER74ZaiBWcuTBYj0PaN7p/5mZ/ZvvxozKLjT3UWNjJgobG4kGsRAgsP/RCvssXtWD2eaM/Hp3SegkWRD+SgcqIFF+HN/+SidOUHNAb8MZaO2d/cKi3AyvSYG2Nk5pzpmyCDlx/phuYjOUhvuusDbZRcFNLVRjh9psMYik+fMZQ8ueYwuckPfLOR0d09lG/5TAbtx9Khnu14Z9/kYWd/XSfwhWSUsz/QERqfMoAn+WyKGc/0Hx2Lp7Fk1OPBv58bPKCdPrLibnzqhr2e5Cph2q08ReJsbmY/pB/xQYk328rkjVc3BvogmeJQVoepC8wBMm5s6ktm7+Ocj/jOUT7XhlnS53lKX89TY55p7RLDSVC9uGZ7In7Y87CVTfPhWTCmjfa8Ux6pTx366IgPer7SidjynNszjt2LElMyEtDpn/kqeU0vPc11vqkDGfMoobc3Ka2n6cxPfXS3jiaPJ1vK/EgesmGcHnXgZ0l8c0JOHfmw4VTbK0K9j49f2wk5HrrND9kJfc2dMbYXHj2sRHvhlsLC4GG3qCAPt8VEn98z9QWTT3/609vi4IHH0yJl8WsBMha1KCjjQeQmz5RB0OIWTxRPftY+RmyxS24PPqB4UAujOnlggzze/YahP/34k0faePAi8uaSfHbJ6cNr8Zdw0pdv+vMdH/tzw6Y/v+NLDm92px5tyEegB/Dwiw2kTUc+a+tnMypG9vIHTXvqzYs6vuIh6wNbvPqVePbx15c8Iq+Nz1i+0KGN4nM/7+NGkM3KOQbpYkd8E2QiMvjYyjdzqq94iwn/1FdMoM+8FwuC/Gie6W8cGQN6srfny8euiXHt/AI8ezrVH7k36AN2+KB/+lx8bKHsVicnMUlG2zxITsSSLDRf0w4bPVtkySihWOufyB7KH5TuS6Bz8qkj/XRK/rKrP/2gb96zjVXPL77XhmkjSjaa4+rJzbUGzI17lm7jxqL60qE9/VBvHTU+edIBrqPX8Jw4SzhdZ19sbGxe4/yiq+cH8gcZ6/p03ynJ5ku8YnMN8iX9zRMeuvQrG4ufb/y2VuVD9oGPbOvH43oaZ9cJtg8UeMC7235BxXvkXjVhx3ywPWMF88F2MRXnwqODlWgv3FJ42C0abXIWB/BumX/t8dd//de3b4JbED3sLSzKFgBlCxeaCwYYRxahYDE6BrJ7miA3F9JTFGa9xRTRMdvHiM94sgn7GI1Pm/jIprsxbXItqI2ZPzTlkoH6+GLxrQ35VT/dxvSR77pM3qCOF5GNgEzJGj56+JgufMaVUyd+J1Q+lPVnWOP42OETH431p1bjxYsfqeff1B8mb/zFAvxNB+perZ3OWSZzitjZ84Tq8cx5U5ZMNd41z3999SeTzb0tY+mqbjwd6vpRCcbeTn3xpneWAW9+nSPoOncdJvZ69zDeawbIHHYCOO8TvkzMuGYdmpeuf4g3gjlvKD3nqOsc0YHSy9c+eMWrn2z28nHOcfLGIP5j0B+F6vQHfa6LuYCuVfbU9U19p2iPaQeKBW+xFA9e17S/ZvGnQwRzZJ/JD3rwSdI7rU5X+xHs7ZNF1enrGhwjPHQ2/1F9fGTD2sYXMnyWWFvHyIsJH7+01ck3z/qQfdbvbttTrZOIHpQdJDY20NQzdS3cPqxEe+GWw8JhAfCge8AtFv6lR+9lf/GLX9zajSGbh7I+ixHMBSpYEOq3WIQWiz2RPdYfWlSP8UR4WpDSV59YLYr6tPl0jIyJrYUv3ZMAL9QmN4l9VN2c4SWn1DY3bOhTQjamHmU8javXb1FWb3xei/TqC+km26aTvyU40HWnE/iM3Ac2Qpug9/ZtOvqM+cBWXNmZfiH3HLDXfTRjQpDvxlA+4ldO/vTXj/gz28comWwco+Ygmj5FdJhHvuBX1jbe3KkDfran/fpnG/KVLvy18aRDvX6/CJSOU4Qv3bMMdDZ/pwjcK/zq/oxAf3znUFwIyPORbP3mNMyxfKme7WTqQ/U1B9BYMYh56t0TOetisukyRm7a8Cy5B6Cx7CqzUz+a/jSeDEz52T8xx5T0iQu6TulmByVzio6BnglxN+f0Fxf95qFDHeOd+qqbJ3OaX5JPBz5333339gV8/6CND1/IvV3iDdO3fJ02xXuK6IjY5Xtl65m602dfbFTSzW9rX/cK//meHH3afFAivjvZ9v622Pw8Lvh5XHNBh/lJhn/ilOQr5z69cPuwEu2FWw6LhCTN4mBR+vjHP3545zvfuf3SiJ9UsphYBDzcPeSTyKcHzUXPYhOfhcP4lNvTXCSnHiAPe549tUjNPm2xtemJg2+TZxLwZ0I/mUDntBP08QG1eFfPrgWUjLbSuD5ldpTpwheMNYfqkC68+cRu4/W1AdQfjKOuiznKl2zFZ9H351SnO/0pGH86gB2yqH7xtZH0Z9H8zK62/uZixpff0dSPX6k/XaBv1itRcwWX7geUfwjm2CRzAdltLumf13/6TK64tSP9YfpMjzJ5lH/1e27xpxclX0ku3bMMxaT/FGVj9sFs72PZw5g1xjokNtfQPdSpXv0Bf3FH9bNXzOrZ1eda0D1l8r35QXjy/RjhcS/D9MU1iLTxtuZA/fkE02fUtYryF/ABmWl39qGJ2mSbQ3oh+exPHadoj3wKe3+0kysmCTV75qPrrY4vX8zZC1/4wu37Qa95zWu239JuL5Koes+5ec2HbFWm6xLwITJoXkOlVz3o6VTbGoaf3w4b+OR0Gq/7VkzNA6Qfvx8SQHT1r0rSR05MPmCo443odZiBtBduL1aivXDL0eIiefLPqb/tbW/b/slbC4NP7R58i0kLYg9+ZQtKi9JcYOaiRT5Kz+wjNxe70CLVGL54jhHs2xbJiJ4+OOTbMcIHU1e09wd/cTeG6q9enPxQ8gGmf+lU5q/rkC4yFuIWY31o+lwb5a++qWdSfUqwGeZL80SHPpuEE6VpO5/od6/YCG0kMxkB8jZHNG0q8xMPAjqzEQ9UQvzFmF/hFO8kMpPvGKZOMnuQF0tJjGsNtY0h9juZU0+vOdHXfEzQPW2mW1920eTTNv8R/SU67IK4IZl9XNp4kztGE81hZfKX5teYa40faZuD5iI9+d1485RcvkrkxKytX1/zMO+P5KqHqesYpXf6MalY8Xa/w7xOiJ6uS/bmdUL7+zmkI1sT+75smWN1evmfP8ZQvp8imPME+/aMh0w2mht1p7M+pCvx8ksSaV0GfX47+/777z/8+I//+PaPo73gBS+48a63f1XSyfCcl3wshlnmwzHqXikOMtVnbHj5J9l3TcTpeSUfiaNnk55s8AEZt36SFztySi7Z9u62f2W53+HutJxcJZ0Ltx8r0V64pbCgWWR8O9o/SON1EaX+/iEaidNcLCZ58FuY8Ow3VDz6zslXB3qmvPYkY3QpT5HxeMi0gamzY8wJ2SmfEFkL6dSrP5/oBLHt4wM8kC9tYhZaJX/oJAvaex+NayMJrDY0nt1gnJ25wU1/6gvaCM+kdOSLRR6fNh/baNpcSmCQzdNmaLNwSqNvr8vci6c+umHaBTbw4slvY2jy1oZszDjTF++k5LoOx3giumd72kfiYFs/XjqV5gy0kXHz0v2Vv9rms+uWzkhfRM+0Swap62NDnc5IP0xdM+5ZTug7R/RF6VWfsuzUdwp8LnExP+ZNH9/166Nj2gRtfKh2z9NEfc1v/CGd2bhErlvxFrMS4pnzD+Yh+1B8gB/yAc+8F/CmN17Aayw5NFGbDJ/BPGh3z8BexzHa24Z9m+5jc1ss5sD1RBJN8RvrrxZ4wVritRF/WX3pS1+6nf7ai6wdXrmQmLsngAzd+TnrtU+R+43Pkx+KFTk4ACfbT3nKU24ky9Y4f/WVLPOt9b1rhUd/9z87ZCTVYvcvY4qD/Fe+8pXty5Kf+9znNnvmpcSeTvzWVnOFFm4fVqK9cEvhwbeA+eLjL/3SL22/lW2B6AF3mt1D7WFv0WoxmmgBmGPq9Vs4LECT2Jp1/Mlro+rAdjZOkcXOwkZGfNk1ZiFvMbyENvZsJkPv1Fd8x+YlX+M/lmjnJx4wHoFxfPFoZydZxFbjZI/5jOLXh0I64zM2Y9Mm5588ds/Y7Cz8JUE2RpuOX6vxqwKdThlrM6PHHNh82GAzvdnUh8/c2lTVj8WLwFi68JorJeDfU/3ZAzHC5JsE+RqRn0SHZEEdrzjzDcSD+Jb/fBWjfnzuVTLZCmRQ12P6ot412vfPunH28kNdP+CZZUjuKpQP+QfZn7ZOgaw5MQdkihXMzbzeEeBtXB+Z4qBzfz/gUcYD6ct/UD9FeFxfZX0h3fkknnzjy94flI7Gu0YoXfEeI6D/GGa8dGvzRzv/6UfGzhFkL+zbdKJj/PrY6xqj/RyZ1w4WfGC3lkg87UX4rCfWll7fSG+6UXEZvzR3+2uTrD7A4xQd9M/rg7e50/b8k7PekdPmq1JbskxHv+L1jGc8Y1sL/fXPOlrsbOBD6aDfeNdw4fZhJdoLtxQWLsn129/+9sMHP/jB7SF+znOesz3gFg/JtofaIgHqk4J6CxQCMrPfwmhRa2HaE368ZNQnpY+eFppTZOGihy2Lcos6WQuVhUtfNk8ReTL5T3d+kNWmy1h8eySDP/v66IY20uZFPX348gXwTL9BvX66GyOb36APn8VcOe3toc8YFBd92dLnFMZpzPOe97zttAn50+6znvWsw1133bXdQ3jIdMrt+mvTNzeL6Q/Qb1w8rmUxGM+H5oEO41PWnCqbv+RAOwrqxXgKeNIXpVcd2OQv//DyQ6kNbIgJnz5yeOZGHG86gQ4yiI58xYPU9c2Ykb6QbJs1e+Z4b68yJKM8RWzmo/b0o/mJ7xSMuV/SxUcJh/nkJ53gukM2gA1xoO4bMM5u/sfPnwiySeckMqfIeNc3vVDMk/INH/8QHcllTz+d8xoprWEofysnpg+nQI4NvOZRu1jU8/Ec4dvb37f53dzMOZh86s2lcWsDIuM+cGLc6S1f+YiPXHqBXtDXPDa36sbNXX4cI7zN/bHrA8b4IUGWdNMrTsk/f+2T1rmeY+ssuIc9364jeQl1hxB0KjuocFLulRi8Diweeuih7b10r5UYx18SPn1buPVYifbCleHBtlh5+MGnaQtFi5G238l+xzvesT3U4MsYHnSLhQfaRgfaLWR7alFTzgVgjof9ApEsf5Rg8ZuYuvnRhpBMvonTgqe0eDkN8Sc582CBsiDi67RhbxuBMT7Eo0Tsosb2fBZDc4rmxjjjwVebvfRD/igBX/rpA76i+sSGX19289OYdnx0zVinrQmyNj33ChmbCZg38i9+8Ys3klRLtm2K5t2m4f7xbiU+cl4/8udWmwR9ftbKPYlPP538cH2KwYYFfPNKE9/zV9wIL5149tdkxt78JJtesm2o0Iez5gMvnc0lwpONqavNGZFpzslMfm3gSyUZMMbXyR/onIR36gd+5Dtko37tWdJDVgl7mwGveWmu8Lg3XCf+gj7+9FcLoFefsZIPVJwoH0LxuzZdF/z7OIsBprz+5NIFx64rxK9ExrIn3uYp2vtQDMfGkDjEbhzUra148McL8eQr3fwwzpfWM8+DfmuZZwiva5FOeoxPfeTZ1Zc9UCeHavMxH4oJjOmHdMPkCek9NpaP/AF8/NPf+mU98S8oSmjZFI+5xJPuYmkNsP6YM2tQ8wb4UHbx0jnHyfT8Q7wIyHRPRuTxsYXUrXfIc+AEXrKMt6Qa2DHHZMTaPWT9cz3xW//o6C+Ev//7v7+tm/boL33pSzfWWbxA3v3Bh/roBr6jCfxzjhb+KFaivXBltGBY1DzQoK3fly68C/be97738MlPfnJb7CxweHtILQgtcKiH1gOqbMGpPR/o+OZYdUifPnrYV+dfSC6+xsniR8bENvvUJXMSO0mBGCyAFmPybUzZjvQB+fwL9SEwlo5p19xZxKBNgM34Yere60PZKVZEJx9b8LVbpLXZ1ybfXGUD6sc3x6PQGL30sWdht5CzI7l++ctfvp3KkCsxNq6N331jo1Cac1+cVAJ+m40Tbzb6INRmp042v1xH/rDdPJATB35jbRoR4A1kgRw0Xwjwuu/Jslkf/mwq+dgYAjLpI9vmSQYVB6QHv77s6SeTf8eQTTyIDKQnZE9fPtaHID3K2Vc5iZ7mSp1dMaLsKPUj9eZVW6yuU/qyG6UDeVazp8TbfE5e5R5zDG/+QPOtv/nT1o+S00+GPfcxpCe/8SEy7lN9KOiPxOG+wkfe86AvP/IBirG58zyxS0+JmWfBs0aWf4gOwAf5CemnExkD48WRPOSvvvTE2zyBvmI0VjkpH6C+CTG5tuywa7x5kkQ63e2EG+nPJ2CTT+ZAkmpeOgVvHWn+IFm6yNSvD7+41fH1LGaLDH5+km2O6BcDv5MRl5Lv5PlGRpuPxU2WDkh3csaLjw59Em6v6nltr7XKGJ749NHJDn9AO9oD/8JxrER74crwIPWQe/A89BYV/6z6hz/84cP73//+7bURDzY+D+z+4UcWBRTw9FAr5wO7H1Oi0OIF8bRYaFtsziF+fqnj57/4IsmcmPlsUeq0lZw+PNmO8pF/0SXQZ+Fkgz90tOBpzwVx2oiP70i7MThmO51sgjjI4k2+8XN0TPdEdpB7xbyZL6cqTqBf//rX3/g9W4u/P4Xyo80Krw845gVcB/BBh3ybqNdLvMvt5MfJFf/JdB+yrx4Zt6GV3BhnDy/k8zEi23yDGLseXYNs4JsUjIlxP6b/mD7UXCqBjHo+h2kHps5TBMp4Z4lgr3ePY7x7GfNinkFMwP/9tcp2/NrFqz31ZpfslN+vQ2Tc58nm6znEw1dy2Ulf10abzfyGxpX8gNowZRDf9F2i1l9+kJu+aWdX21wAfkhGaR6NewY8YxIqfZ4rSF92o8AGzL5iA/35t487mXgm7fvij6ZcJb9bt+tjT2mfcn81R2CuxU1GH/nuK742L+Tx7P0vduPNqXHkWuNho3V1ykN+hGSDun2VT9YJ/vdKiTF/jZAo85ENNo3h5Y95cJ8UC//yUZ+6frydcls3jbFpfTUG/uqBd+8z6EP0LZzGSrQXrgwPoQfbguwh9HA7QfzoRz96+MAHPrD9hJ+k1KLQQ+wBrOyBb/GB+aDiizeoT57qtSfqS4+2hWXK7An/9BX/XCAtWE41xG0BstihFmXjePNNWR3wRNPuKSILbNNLf3NFB7ToIdCPJ9rPYXITrt1cPNMB9YH+c3RV4GXTvNnU/dnSybRE2/3SHPNbMm6OxYHXJuAfYKDDvafsZJs+cXTCbdNwT9oc848eNpA6MrdtoOKlA3Xt4jtG9DbXQCa5+sUa8iPgQ/wxFjW219e4PvaVYKy+iXSF9J0jyHb+zX7Y690jOYh3L9N9Z+5LcsyD68ge/hmPOhl8rpmS/JyXYKx4EH68yXdtUPzoHBrPnjaflNrp085uMo0rux9qw5TJX33nCPaJNrnpA/3GtfHUVmrjV3rOzA99kilrt+fOB1fIr+xWzpjrC7Pd+Ix5j3ii+iqP0fRLHJH1Q5zGtJWBD8komxNzAe4/1wifD/0STR/crTESUDLFQXfxTFv68GgD3Ygd/RNTR2XgI7ge1jV+4dHveqm3D1vvtPnfBwo86WCHPFLXn67mo5Nt6+x8laj10nNKd/KwLxfOYyXaC1eGBcPD7QG0AJRk+61sJ9keRA+oB1190nzQW3Q86C1UUX0tBpNaGCZNxJMu7WN6JmXvGAF5SSCfxdZrC8bNR4voXp968lE8pwhamC2kJSPZUafbXCaTbj5Ubx6Dvj1KbCC5fEhvG9cpYpOtc6CH33Sp8918+jkq94lXPpyg8QfEj9dmV7wlBOwZU+pX2gTpA+9h6mve6OhP5uTTMeOd9wq++s+Bjgj4gsjVz9ZeT20lfjHnC5pj6QP6jPOTXmOgT31/DdIVijG9xwiUbObDd4pkIR/2vqTXdXEtwTzwT5z66CCnnS/qrqkSr2sV6UPTVjrcb+YM8Lpv9cd7Kc7iSb82+9NHlJ8omcaV/IDp55RB/NN3ioK5E0f3GH0oPWzQBcVu7oDv5PE373Q17561nrfinLaLFzW+x5Qp1rDnbz6m3n3f1FcdsY/ErC1Gsaibb/2gz4eJ5lfcraH5p54965F3l30h279k7Hsj1hj6SzjxARv5QBeqzh7C21g2yQRtMFZp3F/rXAv+s++6GbP/ts86iCh+oEtbjF1HUKLs5wvw0fw4JXeKLuFmq4OM/rrYPVG8kL7qC8exEu2F7wgeKg+wB//d73734ed//ucPDz744PbgeafNWA8j8nB6SJG2hxHhbzxefVELweQ/1g6zP73H9OxpQpucRTh/wKKj7pTDAicWei2AaC40+FC6jUV0ZvcU5XNUnxKKbfJEodjDHAtt/BZZ49mhH2bfKZpzdArxsgMWbf45idFn05AgW9RtSF4dccKCjDtde/7zn79tAHya/rku/SM27jun3jZCG5TrxK4NxIdDp0MlduwYcx271mzRpzSG5xSxXR2K0XzVL8YJY5OOXcf4pj5oXB85NPvQRLoC/vSdo3TNvu8EUyYf9r4YNz+uRUlR/usr4XMdjAf1rg8oJ9G5t0lv1xfwxB9PY6dQPOnXJqPU1o+Ko/mDxpU9b7VhyiB+6btEzUPPefrSo20cug9nou1ZmHPPN88l0vbMdJiAB+hMb/Pn+ZmIdyLf8n3qa+74QmftbOjXnnJQO/+U6Ym/e75+MVkrjPHbuiNuPMUF5ssXBV/3utdtf6V94xvfuCXdJZ10kSODyHcdgL1Zj5oHyGeoXx/ob9x+quwDBPDBWuf6KLVdN/63zqnzST9d2viKF/iUzebCsyfZFr8T7k7L2baexg/qqHHUvbbwR7ES7YUrw0PqgbRovetd7zr83M/93JZk65OEtsi0SFvsjHngPeg95B5I/crIWA9v0BfpP9aGFittNqMWgvSeIjzx0dGCYeEpyZbAIX6DWC1gKPvJI3VIN8qnU8SuuWs+mru5KaQ7m2HqYQdf2PMCG2KwQOYbG8nSI17X7RThpeMc8NHDHp3i6Rvu7Jo/i7rEWp9k2S+L2ETAuPvNT1LRRT4/I5uAXyahw33ot2R9udLmKBabj7+++HBInk4gSxe/zINrXT/fThEoi31eF32IDu2gjuJDezvxpQ9B49pklPXFP5GusPflGNKbbyg9e32nkByckm0cJr/5l1C4NnwB8xiPfuPNbTF3DSBeY5H7Ln10sEOGX3gbOwU8sJdRautH024yjSvdZ1Abpgzin75TFF+Jds9guvKLDXGCPvbMnVI7n7XxW1+sO3z0rHiOSvLwRMmxrc1+vk3Uhwcv0DX7s18Z7fuVZPdIFzJefPUFdTr44flX1+e+4D8ib9y8Gvd9D3+pfetb37p998jJdt8dsdZA/pJtvd77G48+yFe093FS492rrpk11DVyrYzpd7363Wxt185aSU48SB0/H+ezwC9ojF5zQabX9azL/vLoVN+a3Ry3/ga2jZFfOI6VaC98R+gk+2d+5me2f2TEwtPpoYfWYtCnX+ThsxC0oIGHuge7RQovtDjVN+lYXzIQj0UAaRub/KfIYoGgRav3fW06Fhq66bMY5eeUowdPfkJ8KJ9OkXFzYnG0cNWH2GjhVE8n4Mvufj4hvgnjdCGweLomyuQvEfDpHPC1kOO1EbRpgDg//vGPb4u5uMyzU2wlWfNvwTcHEmf+gbIPAupKpzFsqbPnPiSj7F4DNjtRNTczJjzNwSmCed3rJ18/Pdow9U892l3HY9dSHRrvXjBWX/wT6Qp7PccofyN9yVSm5xSShb184L/5tSYgdl0PBNquHb7a+WZelV1f/c2JevdBJX71dO2fH7rInUPxTBn6lNr68+vYdUuOH1Abpgzin75ThIe/7l16uqcbzy96ei6Lr/nF40Os+cML+UyvJAt5fUI/X6NiLYapY6I+POY7/cr66ShePhmL4m0Mf3KQfmVkvSaDH9ilX585QBJpZA0y5pq0hmSbXz7Uv+IVr9h+Pes1r3nNtv7011p62cuXbCqLSzsftUF78u7RuLK66+G6pTMbxYZPvz5jPRf6jPeBTLtnQh2mX6C/Zyo/8LgXnHBLuO339n+8zVv+8qF7beGPYiXaC1eGT/Wf/exnt5Psz3zmM9upoffX/MnKQ+1UEbUggIeyDbWFyAPd4jYf1ElzDO3bCPBWxjep/lOUXn5ZlPBbyMTkiyFOd/zov8TPuIWvRQ7FD+lLJxiPzEFyxwjot2mwr55+86uPbfpDsuZZOW0HOvbA04JNxkLsupQQkOm1jFNEfm9rD5sFG663uCTD7FmozTk97IhPUm0x91OR3r3mi6TbTwDiJcMvOtmlk26Lv7mRvNNHT19gskE6IXdSLj5j5PmiBHOH2HON2mxOER/4g6B+PtXf9Qjqx4iuKL6pb/KoT73J4J2oP+zHj0Hs2QzZDXPsGIzvfdv7Ym5dR2uC64G/hEJsrqnxfOm6aM97FQ9dxiNtY3Qo6exaAvnueX7pN34OxeOaksknpXbXW5s+lEzjSv5AbZgyiF/6ThEe/poveujMf+P5RU+6Gm+N0raWmX+gx1jPRM9iifbEjFfd9TsHPK0RfEtfOpA+cSj3lEy8E3RGwHexIbyuvZKO5okvxWjMHPgLmAQajz7riHvL2m9vk2j6sM5OPuETG9JPd37q6zqo1wfpQPWB/shYdf617vNZqW2Mj0pJsFhdi3moAN3nzUHzrK8x0IcH+KtuXvwaFJ30+dDhy6HG9Lk/rLd8gOJaOI4nXZvsb18JF56wsNh6qCwyHhoPkkVE0uJh9kn/n/7Tf7r9WckC5MH1gHv4lB5ydbdUm6kHkaxFzhh95PTjU3q4S3zYlBRZ/CwsbBvjDxv8o4OskwmgA/WwR3joPAc+8U88ZNhnU7JnsfF+sDj4j88CxV/2yJIpBuhxUqIWWtTGFG9jEE91oDsbgR9tXjPuSqg/ndOHyDWYuvGIDdLV/J4CHjrIIXJz09nPlTbf8aB4vvzlL2/zb346bXOdLeYvetGLDi984QtvyNtwkHr2i5c+Sbcx8skYc2+6J41Ltu+///7Dfffdt83Fc5/73O3DFJ/S5xkoWZeYdJrlXqSz+4E8WyV++s2bzQif8eakZKY5cA0ATyXbUDnHQD+qDXTD7IPZ3o8dA57IXM4SPBt8b07NFTI+Y51INsxrBlMWjBcfig/4AjP+yolkmvd0sUNHMSWLj0/6xafMTyAH8c/5rg/Ynf42pnzyk6/Py/W+R2SuST0s94jf13G9fr2rftfjkffR+dd8RcXRs9s95t7D6z7F0/1LRvxkJHH6yfhrHnhufFjVV5KK39roEGLGD6faMzZ9EZso4NM/+bsmobHJM9f5eZ0D3uIN4vBse/a9gqEuRnHRx69+gYVOsZs7zwFdCLrHyOibiTs5VAz51IFUffFOnnxls2s9oa0/kM8vvrBJh35rnnhcN9+JcU3xWOPE5X6hD6nj54c4rJndT+4HB2zmy7xZO++5554tKe+ftRc/u+T5AMWwh3Fzdyy+xxPWifbCDXg4kJu+zWc+fP5BGl8Q8XD0UOAvQZJwQAtli4/FC3nQtRuzANDDjj5g12bARvx49bPjwU/Wg0wO0VNZHV+L1inQh/ArxZBdi5H39YqDLqSNssf/2tA4mhADzLFZohlD869PPTti13eMYNYhGxPpQ0CnOW9hhPw5RfnZvOibfjb3+tNlrHZjrqsFfG5Qber84Zu5wzuTWv3uS9cG+YCWPpthuvCxqx+R10/Gh6hOrGwuEn6+4evkz/3Qh838mPHpqz975Bpn2zzpp0vZ9Z0gP6Gd7CT9sx30H6Pm+hzw7ct93dyLaR8X6GPnWEx7ArzRsbFjmDzZO4b0uiYweZV7W3zOb9cmnmJLdsqF+vCeGtv6NxXX6kf+23Bt/MlPvvZs7P4jE751zY9vfvORv55lb9bzo+d4xmXMMyEe97I+vN272vg9Hw5VPIP6XXf9ZPThA+098EfsNJ/dN12L5tS4vmSgGJB6vPVFe8y+PR8dPb9iYdfzb560zYux5siXryWkPnBbBxz6IHOByBdb+ls/rR3N6R7xm2Pj2uKnq7WuEuHhU3MCjZHTnzyiD18xdcDQtbP+0J8M8JdMOs2LtRfEStZ6BukxL16p6dCNjF+Qwj99rT779mCTXsR/vj/esBLthRvoYfOAutl9kvUQeBD9Sd+/+qgEDw4eYxIkD7OHkSzQIwnyYCMPkYfRYmUR8kD1YJFB7EcedPzg4aV7Lghk1WHK1TexH5/EF3rZULcIscsfCZi42EN8jcAcRPXBrE/QD6d48yed5rd6/uZL7T2lpzoc82fKGE+v661vH9MxxEcmuXwmqw+m/8fIBxobgtjJ6yPrOnTPuJf451pJopXgerkX8HtFREmH69aiD/yJt3uWHsm566zfptE37cnr5xPbiC6y9IM20q6veWS7+ItJf/f8lDkFuumJ9xjRC83lMWIPnUN2imcfm7q5EBNd9DYO6dd3Dvl0K5CuU7T3DY7VixG6ZsVGT/HeFPnvWP8gNo/1R/CHf/hIUor2MsXhXofa7j28c30Wa3FCMngkUtp0tjaCPs+ksvk5ReatD5anCA8fInKznh6ofYwan3J74otxYFsM3c/a6mKVODq1lUh6fcTrbuSDuSCbvLF0IGtE8zyRDiUd8aerNp35FdSnn/F2LfJDfGwjsXTtmlN8/aXYHmtO8KYL6EGtdfKA1lv96TAvPpCZJ6+VvOpVr9p8yQ9Une/GiiMbCLKvfWzu7nSsRHvh2+DB82C64T1MHg4Ljy+szdNsD6CH2AMoKSnRJutBklB4cDyU+hB4oPDi8ckYX/pAP7RwkGODrR5YY6gHeVJIz358T4F9vohVUlVi3+IAygjYj+qDWZ9oDk7x8sciwxekPWOEFtj69gSzDsf8mTLG09u8T/lTwMO/roc2v5uP+mYMx0jSC23K5sn17p7QZyG34Jeo0olvbijg2sVDN+QL/a4vXkl2fxZX0udaB/dufzJlA797oliUk6B5VLLBpnpzos034Htyp8BOc3AOzeMpyo9zyB/8kGxQ50u6tGcM6b9KTFPvzSBdp6i5m7Efmwd8kxeJQx892nvdt4Oe/H3nn5Pr/n37M6WMakP3cnG5L42VxPSs64snGTzGmpeex9amfMnmKZr3+ynQ0X00aa8HZt+ejsntiS/FpE2veRB3a0/rPl4n2dYLvCWhzZ/xnnXjoI3sb2KaiGfG2L0WQSX+SceAt/0JT3rZjvhpn1W3ziLxi1ey7QMVWfHR1QGD9U5dn2TanNAhfiWku8Rdf9+vgWTAXNPVnKPpc3Hi59/jDSvRXriBHlwPg5vfDW+h8QXID37wg9u/5ufhabHy0GlbnFqIyUGLo3EPLvKQa3uIjfduWAtWMnSU2Ox1thD1MPaAooAnvvkQH6PJa9EQL3/YZ0Nf8cY7dUf1waxPtOic4qXHPE7/ID/BHLRIHSOYdTjlT3zGW/zq58slxMcnpG2emo95PbN1jMBiLbHlg+ve9TcfyHuTNgWnKE6d3af6e+XEfdUHtwjPjF2bHdfBfcVXOtixqdDlHUP97oP+OXc8+snQh/hdXFC82cPbfDYn2nwAPiR7DniyeYziOUfTr1OY1yzds47EVB/+4gJ9wN455NPNIj3naO8bzDoUB4IZ33xej+n/jujSf9d4nvyka/fTmf+u+/LIB2E+7kvE3+6z4nLvGXMNa4tVXzzJ4PFMiZ8ufPV7VjxrxvDnyzGCbJyi5l59ygXt7Dd+jPbys24MxOJZFsfsMxfWC6XYEFnrQUmjMX42J80fZEsbkceLbyI+1PMf5f+cj1nfU2NsTJ70gTF7rBj0lUS3xlkvjZmP4mkd7Drr80pd66R12b3ROBILeT/1+5WvfGVLzK2zbNBtXB3yjd58RXzHG9/jDSvRXrgBD6ab3QPo4fBwffWrXz28733vO9x7773bw9VDbRzNB8kD0+KCx0PoVMCf9H2xzQOO9Fuk2fFJ2kNKroWbTnLs0+OhLHFSz24P60T2K/fje9CP+DBPNSw27GizhYfOaMo2FmZ9gj44xVvsyuk3nog/+0VqEsw6TBvBeNfSOJ1ojl0CPvLJHtMZj/IUgbn3oQss5Kh7y30gbpuGk21JN162jCnZY8e1I8P2sblKn373nvtKP7nuUTx0GXOP9pcdfN137KUzW0ibLNKG9MVX31VA5hwBm+fA5rF7YI95H0TJojZeYLNrDem/5IvxSzxXQXrO0d43mHXA0/WB4tPuGSBzTH+E91j/t9Nlnksn2mZNos1eNve2tfnrfoVicB2NuX9ri1VfPMng8TyAZ8D971nB69npmfMMTtvHiIz5PUX0xDfBN3HM67XXfYwm9teardYU9rKJr+fSuLjuvvvu7Rc9fOHPmuPeb92A/fxNXXRoZ79y+pcP+pQRXaj5mWONN9a4Un/gG3I92zPrw1einC17LT2TV128feACSfg8AGlO6MBvnhyEeAXPGi2Jpw8fmeYezbloTmF/DR8vWIn2wg24yeeNboH1ywx+vN9povfVLLzzoVeSsZh4YHpYPYCSFn+a9yB7QD2oCH8PFx0eQPJklT2MeNIZTRkLwv7BJN/CBvvxPXr4xSrZ4x9/LQ77RSzd6W8e0LQ56xN0wSlevpo30I+aA6QtZiXeYwSzDtNGEFME2YP6j8lNsCH2/NMm13zMvnw6RmJWksHb4k0ezJv7x7hNsGvlXkT6JMSuWR/mkqeXP0p9jbmX6CDXPe3aux/Y9+HQvQs2D6c6gKeNiE6ozR49XUP90D3E/3kPX5rfq4AP+XEK/Lpki9+QLvxTRr/5TZe2GJKL/5Ivxi/xXAVd00sEM459TPQgsUD33Owrrpujy/5eikmmfewd7ag+/s77DNyLeNzftbtf40mmtZUepedkvjrhfiarb/qyJ1BOH/cUL1sR3ZPSc44g+eqV1cU5+WHW2RKvX9D42te+dnjta1+7/auQfmFDrMY928r0imHuEaAP4sl+YHPyQ37kXxTSQTdZ1PxVZqt5y1/PbR+YXMv6JdH2Or+AIgY8xh1oINfa4YNDJ/Fb++hiw72iZLc12Lxps9O/QUFP9xU/6ZwxkKWbLv3o8YiVaC/cgEUGPAySi0984hPbv4zlk70HE3lojj3cZHtoPMglrBIb+iA540oPeq+UgIc8/RJ7Dyze7ATtWULj+VM92VNkgWHTn7ssCr3mIg5knK97OdAf1QezPkEXnOLlKx594q7cU7zHaI6FY/5Y5NhS4sWD1FsEs3UKeMWeX8k2H/rUs3GK+lBDBm9z4LrodxrSmHvQ/eR+c72cmljk3Tt+KYAu1697jjx92mzxiWw+s4GAfsDn/nXvujfZpIMuvN3j+CA9fGQHZQdP81wf6NM+h2TZPUXA7jm6ZAdmjKeouOjkm5j0Q7YugVzzdjNgN13nCKZfex/pEUfXvjjqr++Y7u+MLvt7KabrvhxPtL+d5+YTbR9AlZ6D7gv3SG2y1vvpy55gP9+ngK97K9+UV537ZCfNvkBn+iH5YEyC+LKXvezwW7/1W9tP19kLO9n17ONPp3nRbw5nf3aPtRH7e9rzxDd9RhPJQTKBP/yK+IrfdUPa1lYUv2uuLE7tmZzr00ZsafNN28GE9Zc+9vRbn51uyyGUDkzonDa777rPHo9YifbCBg+Nh0Ly4mHx28Y/+7M/e/jYxz62PRiSF59SPQweDhRaADxYHmC6fAom44Ey5kE0pm6cHjyScYuY/j5xgwdTAoWP/R5Csgj0weyrXhtm357A+7j+5Sv286dP42zs7STHn6g+mPWJqSfMujnFow81r82ZMnQN9jTHwrQRimtuEPG1MLuelyD2fKRn6tv3nSI62Mqevnxx/7iPfBDir+ujr0VcQtA1+MhHPnLjA16bgn515P7zZ02lMX3G2VLSr989SC8bTnSe97zn3fhrjm/YK7OJX5z57l6lt3iMN8/45qaifQ753vU4RnxnR3mKrgLzRl9xoWmnNp/nddUPV7VFDt0s2E3XKQrTr72fM0YQm/HiBe1j+iM41v/tdOsSbYh3yoDS/fCdJtpi1Ad4PAOeO7/KIzkqgbI2GidbMnaK6GzNP0UBL6o///TxccZ5jOI9R3jMSz4BWTDOpj1H3L4v4rm3J5gDYz336QPtnu9Ad/5A5QQ/6IySSa46vsk7dalPWRBP84U6hLDXisM11O6AYup3bf0lzwED3eI1D77gaH2wFoHrTkbcrRvsW6O1nZCzhZ+8Xyp74IEHtpIf+P0++fTTPTXn8PGG9Q/WLNyAB68H8Z//83++nWZ7WCyyEg8Pk4XHJ1eLkbZ+kNz405HSA+Mh9TB68D2QoO0hpQ9PC8V82Fs48Hjny8Mp6aXDw+sBZduDyRebABnJMjmLhHEw3smMh5ltMbIrzl5nweM0lLx38vSzKQb1/LsK6KZHuSf94mhhboNoDvC0mJ0CGUSGf0qYemFvd7aROaHnHLqObHQdu27zmumbttnbj0G293XXmozr4zppA3nzYXF2fema17LTEidOFnTXSmL87Gc/e9skle5HenxowsOm+1c8kmb9bLgfgN/saOvH73ngH7/cL74c/PnPf36zyxebk3uueMhmE+nnGx46jLVZhWQrJ+hg3zykW7t7Qf0c+E/mHMR87n4wZiP2/CD6XNeuh3G+p4NP2pVRvPmfDuAnMsf1nYJndt5b3Y+gD9HFXrGxz+949bF1Dvg8A/mtnKSv+WAH6YdsifVP/PCfPDxJ/zYP2/DhWu3GvMClmElcp9Ngs7WXXv6458xH/riv+V1bqY2XD8lYP92nIIbWTuuw1ykkYK4De+Tdm+Txdn+zpUTmJf3Zpq95RNr6XbvigOZ08lYHvnavVe6puSlec8IXY+wYQ+IUl3+Mxesj1gv+0At4J5HPH4SPDQRi3l8D9ezqSwd/jNFD7py/+ty/6j07bJPFh7SNz770IP30WButZ2xZMyXL+u2LXqNxHa1fxlxnfll/yWVXaf+0d7oeePXT0TpLv3+A7C1vecvhJ3/yJ7e55YOY0qFuvQyNAfnm507COtFeuAEPnhtZEvErv/Ir2ymvmxz0e/Dd5B5AD5qb3wLiAUQeejpaCFDyeOsjj+jUH49Sv4fI6bkFD7R7sIzzwUML06aSj0C2jSGwl094kQdbEleSp49PLXB4K88Rv4L2KbBR/IC3OdDH/jkkl0xye70Tx/xpPs8Bz/RNOzn9jdXfmL7Ggnp6YMq4nskUg7ZrBebEQj2vA97a6ZB047Ow+wa8f2DJn39dX/eLe9XmAO4N95jr3/3U3NOpzg92+KFkRx89kt5O99wrNhevO5G1Sbif8JZ86Ld5l7zw3Xgwfgz68bOfj8UetPGdI2DvFIntHPCYJ3ORbb4gstMG1K4M2dOf3eadXsTOJX/4gSc+c4CgfkQX/enMfpTtU2hu93IoNB/ZnGNkr8s//CwhybJ5Qdd4n0zfNbnJf5yMn7/WbOcHcu+5b5qHfMdbbGH6r9991zqoLqkqsdKP1xg9ZOa9MOfEOJr663Mdu6eqI/qzD2TOIT6YMe2R3ekv5DMyZ3iUEk7P+uRLRwT07QmvctrJhusB5PMX75wjJd5s1D99APOlvpdHzWd2slWb/sAna5v7JVl85sHahV+f62/9bK7s/Z2WS65br6yD+ujCZx7ZIO+Qw9rsxxYcqIH1dH7IZst11S4ueovvTsJKtBduwIPk5vcrI5/85Ce3RdVNjjyAyE3uAfCQaftE6iHzsHlAwRieHlToIfXg9JAYaxz0IzY82PR5ODt18oDqz368PXgtaMYtBPgbyz45NrMl2ZIgicWigMdCkZw6WVCeovTFdwzTVzTlQZ/xS4hfma6pF03EP3EVO+bTXGUn/6FrZ6z+xvQ1Nusw9dCPLL54zH182i3YeF1L1y59CMi7P90j+JTGXFeviUis6XePdnpSgqzuurvH/CWELP37e3TeM0De/U4fOf2eFck2n4uRPrrZoKN70jj7bEUhG8EYGWU+09VcxHOOgN5zdAl4zKNr1FzwxfyrZ0sfZLcyZE//1AHFpZ2eU8CHJz4+IaifHsTvdLIZ9u1jyP/8joJxdpVsGMsnfdE3v3ndv433W9d0XlOx8dL3sB/pOU2Xxq/PPz9AXezuG5Tfkx/053c86ajffLt/rb/uR/e5ezuf8RX/XndxQzbqa72lf/Z5BpUIP0y9E/rIh2M8gX7j+csfSAe7nml1fnnO/ZXMMwz5OAnoi9KbnWjacD2AfP7iIdccoeYF6sevz9ix57HrANkjk51ZkiXHH/tt9wkZstoSZnV8+F1/9wLb7i/rIeq6ORl3oGAsXcVsbq3JDvF80VSi7YCEXuulPXgfA7BdWf1Owkq0F27Aw/OFL3zh8K53vWt7EDw8fSpF8bjR9VuAJDAeHguRh6MHu0VyPtT1eYC0J4H+qAQI9amYXvY9xB5WC6G+udAo80GpDer4pj19EjL6xNJJJOqBt6jApYc725D+PfDEF8/kLYZzmP6H5NKrRGHPD3P8GIyLvznTzn/Q31j9jembcz11pDdKzrWY90vXMDmoTC+QbZNwv7qOTlVcS/eQMXboc+9Y/PlDl3qbC2RTCWyoZy/iJ7vsSbbdo3TQy4ZTdfcP/WyzRQ708Yvd4oNKKE7Q736km41jc3UV0HmOroLmsfnrGkLXmH9wLC7Inn4l/nTQjcxRek4BH5742EdQ/4wrm/Ht/T2HfI1CsdHVWNcbGY9ap5IxLsm+4es1+ua1a3qN4QyR3P53EnvbdJvP+mbsE81XfN1rSvdqcU0dnrOQfJj64zcen/HuY2OQvLHsgP5kQrwweWHyTZDBZ5wfYlKCvnwRF988x57tmWjrxzMJ8hGZMyWd2apdzOkjrx/w4I0fZQ+mHn30uK8aY7frFNK/160MXet0InahNdJaZ03Dl934ahtXts7OvRsPP7Tbt7WV9l9/dXSybV9ngz12ydqDXQv8+/juFKxEe+EG7rrrrsPb3/727VTb+9beh3azu/Hd4B4CD5FP+d7FMt5JYg9vD89cIHowepDjxxviqSx5ibcFX5sOJytOEPmjjSf70y7SN/tBnY8eYPAnQg83342pi9miAPl1CnMBmHFN4JnYx1+sl5Ac3mhir+eYP5fskLFYmgt1/PQi0N9Y/Y3pa+yYPDIXU8Y1RPhB6VoAP2xMzbGx9CLQ73riid+iru1e8Y/PeKXEgu7ERV8+kbOY99eSfMpG0MbrnuMbefelZ8CHTcm9vu6hNgglPXj5Rb9xfPsYKvPNWHw9D3xAk/cc4jlH+XAO+Y1XvWsI9euD9O31TnvK9EBxTb2nwB6eaR9B/a4lO6hx+s1nY9m+hPzeI/3G8jufwBh8/evXX4O6puXhuK+VD/Ne183fR05lj4Ouy9dJnD1L+aYU+3zG4Lrt6zTR/VU8+QldJ/sAzLE5H7XxsqkPL2hH+s3dpHTGTw/oS3fQnjHFu8fkU88OkMkfcblH/JXKPmAvsqZAPJMgv9DkbS4QNHfWJogH8PCn2CH+xpT5OsfYRMUD6dXXuJjjS591hR4JrzVQHZ9+sAda28jlF9DvfrIekn3mM5+5yYrNAZwPKNZF+zaYU7zkzKtDCjb0OdX2zr+1mU6+0dOaV/zirn0nYSXaCxt+9Vd/dTvFRvD85z9/e1hamN3cEluJgiTcQ2VB8tB4EJUeRCCjjci1oGnTpb1/UOKPh675YLLroZ0JeA/lfPi0PeyQP+ntYQU8JTAe6BYE/fhaHGqn/xQ1DnQeQ/4An+Obei6BDNn4p12YcxGO+aPvHAF/8zNbCPQ3Vn9j+hqD6SuqHvC5bl0PY+lQd+2R+wayjVyfiF46kDr/EV2SXR8U3cP+ioHfYo/w4G8TUs8+5HP2wLj7vo3JPdSrJHR6HYk9ib1NCD/ddHVfk9Mf2JiEN3587kk+kpu+5d8pulWga9qdz3U+iRGKa8YH+aRfmR6gAxUPnnOEDwHb+zlp3kBpPBtIX8nEKeQvCtmPGs8u0jYW/7e+NeMdfA/zAv/SdZz480fvk0lsia11EfJnxg3JNA7GkCQz3uQa77538ns9nm//AAx7m2jaogevkjxy71THl+74kk/HpPwDvMdAl7F0ZU999ltrxGgOO0hSzza+Yi3e/EDx8EkJ+ZwsG1BskOyeNxvH+vU1Z42BEhk/Nq/ZUoL10TW3LgH/PBueIesXvvZWdWPtw/zQb2/uddM+SJAnd0x/BxP63E94Wqft7dZOeq2r1lT+86VY7iSsRHthwz/+x/94S7bDC17wgu1hcGOXRFh8/MxZr4uAh8TD1MPXgxc8ED3o4OHvQekhb1HwULWAIA8d3UA3f/iCPHj8aeHILn8QfdlNP57sskW35EUs+sjHo248OYTnFBkPZI5BDPkSwdR/Cc1NNpObOusP2flOwV+2yE97kB/TXmP6ppz5NKYexRevxRhBvMZcQ9dbO51TLlmlD37JKsm6vp04K91TePlkY7DYq4vVeDFHdNGTP2zRidxDNghknA0+0CuhJ5+voOy+674O5PO7EvEt3hJteunBp42SP0bTj1OE7yrAC82vMn+M6YP4KkM+ZbMYgQ5U7OfA5uTTRlB/PNnMrv7s5+85ZCPM2JBxMWQ3m9mCJz/5+nXa+B7m3ZLsbfSarmukPn09Sk7Cj/U/TJuuh/0CdrpO0BjK1/0Yn0uuYD6b4Bnylxp7At3df+RcP6iPXPfG7M/O9OPG/DzsDz6UfHzHaPqXrT3wGUP0TlvJ6FO3t1gLrD2eb3uK508b+B5BvkbNhZKNaQvoBuPZJocHqUM6oH789fGpfn3pazyd6csWqCOxuqbmEB/fei70tV5NHnatl+aje0Ai3fvW+P3cn9dBSqLZIYM3GfHRqW3d1CfR9hdIP/HrUKT9nl/4lfjuJKxE+wkOyfXrXve6GyfZwYk1eDj8lFOJ97Oe9ayt9OB4IJTg5kcewvkweyD0e9iDvv2i0YKiRMbxeQDV9fHFQ6nfg+dPU8bpQcY97DYJ/Mbw0YvoSR89+D3cEiQbh8VUbPytTS97KDunKMz4g3F6W9z4Vz9/kPox2YkZy34e01t/OKbzkh3gL1t4p5+QH8bqb0zfHGvOET2TBwG/W8Sn/3ywOFusjccfpi1J835RRnTpM67fJkAfOdfYyUmveOAt7mTnPdj9lx1j+aUfqduInPhJvN1TwC5euoyrB3E3x7OefvHxi35+aOMxri+ZY8QfROYUsXUV4IViJUf39BHiqwz5pF9Jnh6Y18vYOZDHl9/FCPUjupsj7ezHl+1TmPzA7p6mvYhM4/D933fNB35s49eu18M8gAMfX7b+k/TINT1F2Qel2N1/ynjMceORfj40j3zx3LlPwXj3n3XTGuv+bm6h6wf66HXP66Mz//a21PVBY40rj/mLskGGnUDmGPBPe9rZzT/xWBPo8+yK3+mq9aG9gs18R0A2ymekjn/OE2hD/gDZYpt6sjH79Wl3Kqwdb/z6ob5jREZsyrl2GmtOzYG2Zxwf4HFfGROLNn661PFKtOUIePiJnva0p233VbJBX/cTPWK0l/t1EiRW18P8019sdwpWov0Ewbc8zNduzm7P64/2Hx7e9rNv+7aT7PC0pz/t2sLypw5/+tqN/dy77z7c/dznbg+HUwwP0fyTuAcGtZB5GPV7GPQhDwronwtGfZOArfkwSoJKhsDD5h1xYJNcG4CFkg/sWjh6cNXpM9anbA9/iba4tME4fex4+Pk7KaiLJx/qC/Up+aPc8+7n5xzIouYwgmSvjzm9+Xb7jxAem8x1vuvy9Gz/3+qIX9PXfITZD8YaN78IDx3NX/Yn8j192sUGZF2zrg9kK52gbjx++lxDi3VJOh6biT6vdvTLJN7dtpir87sEGq9y2qIHGXPfuEeNixPce3z129r90okN2n1EvnlB6uS6x+iB4ssuXshGbWP6kptzqx5lc/btKcw6NE6ePcQeu9OfvY/J7QnoqCxOY/xsTozt+bOjnWxjePMB9DenzZG+/Ji69wSThyzU3oMdcsanjuZde/t1kWvPmvJahbJtTe6XRK6D3CM2rqshd91P6B+sOQW+5i+InX9zDvjF5CO81+16vaU59gz88A/1hTRz+MgHTu+Sf+MbX7+RlNEtBs9Fc6AP6oNtHh72QV/UWKW+/EDa5OiccYT4q08CvPHXlx6kLzvQ/uG5NW6vm4cyYp78U/+Ga92urfkEY9d9NtfX/fq+a+vvtZFtfJbpQjP+R3Q88lyIgU/aPTuw5wuznW4yYqNLsmtdU9dvXN0a1z1ePxvGJuEBax5d+Mj6K7iDO/u1MTba34tT2RpJl3nW74TcybYTbnszPeTxFU+x4lfy7bGGlWg/QfD1/3f99Y4bN+XDC/yv/drHbiTar3/DGw4vfelLt+f+Wc9+9uFVr37V4dWvefW1G/uHDv/5WmICFiE3tAW4h8UD1o0uqZHsQg/fvPHVLb4eWDL14fWg0YvwSJAtAuo9iNky1iLeIpCebJA17s9X+pzMe1j9WV9SxVebhU/S28ZyjSwQPoXTyQ8PPF8RHYjOYmAXr6Rd/PmQH4DfGB4ykK7JBy0Wp2iOq9eG7Gp+65vxWITxXa9/S/1avw9Qf/yP/dDhB3/gBw/f//C8Wvyv/1m7OXzkHVdgq7nQL3ZwLcB8gXntPumaJmve1OlvjJ6uHxiPB6kbrySTHH1g8QW+sN8HMnzuUfMiRhtT15lu/Ii/EnALukTZgn73tQ+Y9LqP8LKHV8l3dfcKSKzpbZM2pmTfdxr84zk2Gn1f+cpXDvfff//2Fxl+uMfyp3nlK/CpGPhRXI9c6+v3Ab2ROSkuZBzfOaKbbOCDfn3p4UfziOJBkP9RdpWT9OGliw597DRmzuvHZ66h56f7xhgkB9kzB8lBNvSLVTzqdLDVfGbXOHv5mn7jKP8Rf/H3YZBdPO5Dtviq/q1vXZvfa4+MZPkb156tr3/9+p/iwZcj/+APrn+xG98jCbj7gd3rcs3BKSKD+DOvKX8ae7KE/+FEb1sfriXOkmfrxHWb1/u/cc0XfYc/vCZ7rfcb3/AldPf3tQTqB/2V5pEv6HYNzEf3LtvsauNTNt/K7iNjzX0+0hfinTqA/p4Jz4d+svqTn3bwsUNP9w8+c54e1xDwdZ94Nq0b6mQ8r5BuvJAu+n/g+6/dA5s//PRTpdeeoWt0fY6vyW4fXvhy7Zm6puP6nLtHi9vadn2twYfUmztt9x2/8l2fNn/BPYdXX/Nnnoyr529/daPH+gX2SXLs0WN8zq063fkC/t0CY/T7cQGn1+nuQIt++QFbdDXniB3+sKnfPm1v9n0xa6bDEP80fod95JsX/qSXvccaVqL9BEE3JLQI++fV3/62f3n4u3/v7924aW3+Hoa7f+Tu7ZOoJFvbpuChskq0ECKgN8LjIbYIIAsaakFSsoXOgQ2YuvdUckJvNj3QHm5xqHv4nFy2gHiYnVB4UCVGTh3J6rew+Md6nvOc5xy++MUvbr+sQr+54g87MOPnBx5zWh2pxxtBvk+aiO8U0nVMD7qO6xvjtQ4CWw/c8OEabYvRNjz8U24c1/HN/5+9e3+6bqsKO/9w7gcOCtoaL6htVC6Wyk1AuchNTUxrNBVKSrvTdHVV8kOq9Yf2F/MPdKqr/Qe6uyrVSSqplEQjiSAE0RC5GAhyMQFRMSC0UTsIyLlfoNdnref7PoOVvffzIiS+55x3vGecOeeY4zbHHHOuudZeez8PbTcyp5BNcTBmcUQTi2JjvvXFC2eM0EH6QhAfLGfImAc0Nswjfu3ox7CLDT3k8hFNLkF5YyM3Bk9T3KR1gYXxt5n3CYo+fqjjkVtooPEAfdaDHNUvN9kgVz7yg39d9PlNjr/paqzKifmoDAP0Y1hs+KbUnjrTC9MF+DT9IruXqT5pe38nsA2aHzz0iwnQjwayq6wOyPFFmX79dJr/dBtvPPrrqz8fTwGecgpvdvO3fn3q2YLZiF4ZxgdBOo5hseF/Muho2uv4kNO7VLcn6wsuHesBf6Hh357CL7GDC3Hj2fTS/0d/9Idrfzbzzfjtxej2zstg1XuO+V0JrT9+qwM2s5fNYjXl4lvHcA7qk7f5BvSU/1MnHj4YC7pxpR/Un483Lzo8sADa8Tp4k+cT2kJc48r+g8teS0e+0LxIbnJHkA77hpt91y+Q79nlE78h/fkC2ArRyLYe8Dvs4kezF6q7RrquGkPXVgdie5U9zcHYIbv9jX98KzZ000t/vuFR5zdkz/5q/eSXTx09dJBXXl+1R+PVD4F5gejXGlw/aD/CwdNqiRl4kiLRLa5f+Gf/7OzVy0H7uc997tlHf//3z97xjnecPec5z1kT3JNtd6C2trvuvuvswWWRuktfVsu6YFqgoGSHFlebWxi/ElpcyR4DfGDqmQimDxaYxWkj4LeFqN23lztsd+fMx+70LWz4gQ984OyZz3zm2Wte85qzF7/4xet76zYMNmwEZEBtmD/V5/hBY4bx7vHzgavTtZUX7Q1mr6fYIH3L/9a5Doj2RPsY0i9+4qFuQ0TvomPDK2b61edGWBzzc+oGxRLOeKeXvFzFrz033mOIl0y6zLsDbk9wXCj0u9Hy1Fn+GFcHcflgDI1bPskr9oGx66OPrXmBo4e8J9t+SpN9vHjocSFx8cLfePITBnRp688X/BB9lhA/SM8hFIcutNWnXsivqYdeOOfRhTB+7VlOenNYGehjN73JapsXoB8d5MMeyMQ3efNVicfc60ejf59PyuSPgf70JoeWb9WP9aFBMcczbcYHgbmJ/xAas3LKpC8fLfQihnbl8HwuA71T7mC4CJ77QmjpW2oLZeVx0LYm7LfmHZ8cEUN1KLdPAT3Nx+rL0q5e2/Wq3CuGlY15ryPYfN+gfMAz5xrQI7bG0zzkC9vGAdf4LaAfP5306MNPz623ev1iuVmk+lw/u6vPNyw+L+gTAxsxOjl6oblYiMt/Yn98n4f8cl2zd4gR/XzP/3hc7/jHT1DfHB+/jd2Y8NFpL8KL3rvWrqn8tC/69I99evD4k/UO2T7ds5fSbU9z/VWywze683kexPlQnPHp5wNf8Xcd79PBOU/FHrJL5lqC6wftRzjMQzaQkO62/4cf//H1kA2esRwuf385aL/iFa84+7Ef/7Gzr/wLX7nuETYL7+LdvSwEchbZfKIBgaQOLZg2RmjRaIfaeC4DNqbePYIWr42BzvxpIwGzD11JJl6bB58s9qc+9alnb3rTm85+5Ed+5Oytb33r+jEVOr/JQkA2nfmTv/FlHz2MHk6IZ0/fw+Q7hGCtn10cXq7ASl94ltKGtD3BOkf9S7my4Vnq5v5K/wFkR/yKg4sOutgou7CpGzubaOrxQfT4QlAsYfMI0jHnch3PIqd+DMnPfGGTnLx2oeiw4CLyO7/zO+tTFHYcJNBt7A7K8oE+fekhTxf96GjlPhogny0HcYd6FycfseL9vd/7vfVPx7uY6Hez6ELEFii+tbvQaBc39dkOAZ+OId/zG4L0VRqHPnz11wdBPu5llUBJHrIJpz0wx5k9bfNWP5g6QXqUEF91kE5zpqTXXKCXG/maf8rLgP7k1MlMu3SDOd58BtGtpb0swBt/sscwXWxmN12NfdW//Fs1Lv9bJC/WP1zgppuXNbYe9s7p4FyPL2Xy85577l7XQ69AmR8HMtgameM4BPk0x4BWPEP2zCcsRvGSZ1v9FLRXxZ9d+sSMbmU28wNqg2zYK6xRaxDobw5vueXWNXbpWf63+rvaWXD1f4nhlfGIM/X4lr6bzOFC9+nCOldHkC/iDOjkC/t0BvmeTPmRPGz8SjFpj2ys5LshdeD1JUeHbNdGMfDQwOHXPqkdL9/kgus0OXscG/Y39A7ZkD0yePXhI6NuPO2vfNlivP3VaLZA4wD0XGtw/aD9KAJJalE/6Wu+9uxjH/3YOfXs7H/7u3/37FnPftbZe9/z3rNv+qZvWpL7zisbpVdG7l/qkvi25ZCARo+yhSixQxA9npBceBlMncewCz8Mpm/oFr7DjY3RYrUZ6bPoLWR3zHhcLLwD9rznPe/sLW95y/pE+2Mf+9iqw9hD7Wwo68/e5MufsA2uvqB+sO/bQ7zp2SO48gVHTfSVeg7nZLBourB9bh9/DJ5onwLjEdcuWG2ENs36xaK+2qA5guj8zRcIiiXswgjS0wUTf+2pd4/6zfu8iJDrAqsObPw2fG2HXTljw5cr5PUBmz0e+WXTV9cPXESsoWKhj5/5AOn2/rbXRdgnwwYe/M1nB3X26CDLf37h0U9mj40TT/qOIb5iD4sXHVAdLT3KYMrp2/sw28lWpmfqEAvl9F27WJqvyY8nSDcsr+pPJz8ai/yNBtOXb8leLZAH2Qf8pks7n8C0ZUzzgLSH9PL1FNJPzxzPHId238VYYQ4PzzkfHavMud3oxYWdT3/6T9cctK8Wxx5MkC0/TwF/yE1Aa7yAL3QVIzr1i6vctx4mP5jjDekoTofmGrSW8Mz+5i5eY3bIs/aj0w+1wWZ3sbeUYNW1oHId07Keb17KG240PyvDKoumv3e0TyH+4sOXGR9j0D99DIF+MTR3+s1bN/baUL/9Do9+T5XxsOfpte+yeFDgoYF5YJ9tPPOQbV9Do69XTZq7uU+KPf/p14ePv31qAny/Sp9rdq9+An43tmsNrh+0HyXgHbC3vfVtZz/7sz979vbzLz8+dzlU/j//4O+f/b9/8Adr8n/tk7727H9+1f909rrXvvbshS960Zq4Et8iKPm3zWNbxBC06KGF5kAwF3aLlvzUcQqmzmNIF1tKdrOpD6A5ANlobIo2R/zAQrX4Qf56J92TTD9l6NBtEe956G/8ysanzm5jzofGCvHle1BfQPYUxJ+ePYLsb/8WOKcHWn0yMW1v8vSsjWXeT2/04iu284IO2iybkykDspttPGBPL5awC6A+etHMgdxEqz11HMKZs+mevmmba7niINyrQ36lxHuKPcnhg7zDr46fDn6iucjw19imvx2mITv4gZs9+eeiJVf100EvGYDfGNinS5teOrTDxlmJBzbOQ5gOkBw0BijO6TGm9AVkak/bUxcEe1/A5KE/Of34tbsYi6f2hKkvmWkHpNN40i2G6ulLNpnKU0AWH8wGHc2XvcaYwviSw1tM0YJsx6NsDRzD9IhV8Zp24fpTg/TBc/2Vy//Ww+BNvsy3Upfxrf9f5k3fIrP9TOGNZ3/yiY+vYwMOQealuMpbmA/HIL8PwerPAvTCxgDYoVveKqMrQ0B380teHQbFFeKhqxgDdHLsW++znl/mub4rdhcTD31mWTvs0bdSG9MS35vPr1fnMr22A9D0+URR3ynMB0gGNGbIL3s0KA7kJk9PoO0zDr2APjR7jX1InM01ugOuA7Yn2a6R+NrT6CNjv3SmcNDWdmBW0tMhm7/8mHuPnHFoF1N687G9Fr9rM1/tzR5U2KdBvPiuNbh+0H6UwNd89Vev7xy/ejloB//rT/3U2Z1L0q93iPfdf/apT33y7K/+8I+cfc+LX7wuuGXpr7vstvEsF0BPQnaLFFgQoYVoUUxocVsAsAvdZTD1HsI2t/SiVYb8QcOrHvKJH8BFwgK3UVjAXh2w2AE/LXqYrsYPtPmgnf18AHhDPkx6ZQjaLI9BvI1vj+AxjzFPhzeblWPhu3LBXmnJwaW1/l7vxYH5GIqH2LVR5ntyxRxoszfnHo2MEjQ2CIolZKOLdvNADzp+7ZkLh7B+ZTr29tWNycEX4kHnt4uGgzY/enqEDukBfCIvl8jOvNHX4YCMOj6l/POECLrwZZOMC5Q2ntr62GEXjd8hmO3GPWl7pK96vGxONA660gcnkNGnrL2v7xHQbQwhO9HwsKM955+/aEF8s5wI0llcAX/Rk2tM8YJox2DKp59eOaLPnjJjhxd9yuVHNsH0ibz2nKdDSA8Qqxmv5FdbyyE6P9bD9izxLHjjTReHNgjyky6HwXvv3T7257OclY9Bh88O4pdBtg/h9EE7iB4PUOdnwLcQxF9ck50804Z6/ErjVydjLtTNs/GS3/aji/xZc+0831Yf6aaeu+dm9PsOFNx+lWQbiy+jZ/8Q5gOY7dXm+Xj4B8yDa7o+fI0BmidQHySbjDEB82t/8iMBDrj2IzL2xZ50yzltX/B2He2AjWavA/SJI3m5xB7gU/suWtdd/LCxlNvaDv0eTuAD+Oi81uD6QfsRDv1Bmu/+7u8++/W3v32l/S8/8RNn//vP/B/rnepHPvLhs7vuvGtNTu/c3Xbb9m1fi2z7rWWb+5bYDmA+1mohQjAXP0RPB5T8c/GrXwZ7nXsE9KZzYpsFnJsHtDg7AHZRUqK5A/f+mMOUL3S0qcYP2Z569UNtfbXzcdpuM6g967Xz6RjEWxz2CLLffr4H9AfP/V8YN1o61kM2WfN4+UG7jVDc2aWz+S1ueKNDvGj4jbf+iaBYQnlUjJsXeuQZfjQXgubpFM75p4dOQA8bSjzoxuZC6saLPRcP/R1yy/H0oPmY00WHDvFhqzECPGh4kgHFhz0XNE9s/IasCxVwAQI9OeIDXjqK08R0Vz+FfMOHf8qAyuiVEDQubWOuD5KdbYA/u7WNp9wQG6CePB5zDfTjDdIVTlvRwN4OwKe/cceLZ93zzvtOAV3FhBzUNj9smi95MG2gQ/X8LZeD6Mmp6699CNNNVzEq38lv41lyX31BgObfUlkP2eh4wd5PT7Pp8h7xrbfeciUX5WY3gq1VUHkK0q2sXQmtweY+2sVYtnHj2ffxu/luHGAdxyKjBJOn/E0XSBafPjjXvZsM65CP1uomd3Ed9FSb/KrtXCd7fmI3nvT55Hm1t35Z8vg+D+noRoeMdrjaW3j0OSzjU7KFXq5AoDSv6OTNq0OyOrq9yJ7kS4j2Qvodnl0v6cZnP0N3rnDQdj1FY5cu9a6B1kafNgdiWb9YyCd7af7zrb04Hz3N9j0XuoDx8bdxXStw/aD9MIMWFSiZtFuoQELik/AveMELVpr3jX/iJ3/i7FnPetbZ//iqV5393//n/3X2Hd/xHWdveP0bzr7t279t2WAcmCxC75de/F7tzTdvFz1t35S2wW71zY82nnXzXRCdH/FAgOfzgfSSN56gsenroMKeNpt8QsOjbgMGFiv/LMQuehatTdI48eP5gz/4gyubposHXXjznw06YeOnF+CLl5x+evOLneljPFOPMltk+aEE0ac8qF6bD9sfRziHhb+yy7gn3n67N3tsu/gugtsTlgXN/RwTnLay11xr8w2oT3/1w/pB/ejpmLEoHqAx50+24oc2ZpCtqS85QBYC/XvITiAfXBgAnXJGDskXF5Nu0Kw34zDP8oM/csg4zKM8ZU8/fdr61cl5KuSCxF8fybq4ofWlH7bZcYGjw9McffTTywY9fOczPWRA4z0G+vEr6YLFkM781h/GB9Mx4xZ99leyBfRlJ12zrzI/gnwIJ6Rn6gzpgPpAY5pj1y+WEM2Y9rLawazrg+mjQy6Yo2D6BSYvmP4AfFNvbaDdOqlPXrXvyVNjTB54dWSxsrSXeBrfDcucLabWw53+RR/e6SOY/qA+9rG3r7nPrgMRW8bQ/g+TJ9u4QnGNfgqnH8opy09j1eZ39GSm7LQNpw2YjtoB+eKBB5YH+K1T4yfDlxses62BZFbd5zbT5bUSdRis7fPSIZwLZPOX3fimP3iigTm+bDYn/DVP+uSF/cdeob+9hR48sGukJ9jG2bWxQ3Y3WuygyQdflvTqCL7imX17Ip/paY8Cc5zkID7t6fvUp8/TbL+zbS8ErTU81xJcP2hf42CRgBKnBQbQIJqLviTTrt+viLgD7Ut+/82yWJ785Kesd4Ef+MD7z37+537+7Fue/OSz5z//+ausb0s7ZLt7pEPCrj+ov2zMVDqAZQ8CyY6vhYluEQALZdOxvZutjkZ3Ph6D+JSAXbbory/oQhIvwJsdi1RfixCv0gHHBumwgq+De4CfLEgPbCOgJz/op5Nd9fRMHn6aJzT1xgHV2wDpAGyIpRI9veSVIf5DZSNhnY3aSrbo2z4mXuaouVn6jPu+xe4dd2yvToR0rvLnJZ14V90LTQlW2+dt8SoGaFMXmr4QL5o42oTFCJ8+vpVDIFtTH5nV9yXG5rINOrtKtGkzPUA/G2KDP5uAPvwuOr2X6ELjCTf0KYhXsNhmk7y8cnGiI7/o0Ib4XHjkIX148jnfyPvlIOtYP5v08JGseDQGcs0H+9HmGI9B8Sku5PZ5ziZQj2/qJg/Q4qkeFtd40zN58eQPQNOvDQ/xgOSnziC5ieS78KsD427s5PWJsXrx0E/f9GGvF7+5NB/645nzkY7Zl87o2aVHnS/liTY+tGJKR31yzEFKn5zJF/u5g54/SGOX8JqI0k+/LiNY/xhNeZSfENBbfPy1SDnPjqeMfEGPv7HWblz8CdPbeEH8IH4lXVC9vLcuHfbs4/zQB+IF2SajTDeYfewYXzB1BPkNyLJpjdoTrI+V30OOpUgXfnz2WbQ1RufybKcz/wA93KwP1lf8tV3L6dGmOz1odOCB+tHFqRv72nwzj/4ojAOyfcv71/acHgQYI53ySLxh+a00Dw7aHlQ5b+CzV/agoVjQxR7ajC/dE/N5nkXQ6XGYZ5du32uxP3raro8vbFxrcP2gfY2D5IEtskoLBUg+ySURLXQXYovl7/29v7cmvQXgECAhP/qxj63J+573vHtJ3rP1bvDH//sfXxeNv+q0pPiyuL7iygJit6S3qa7fVD9fGNtGcLEoQvrJxtNCqg7pBckfQhsGPd1BA2O0gC2kaHy14IwBPRt4xYguPDYUTwdtGGKiv1i28Nmiow0Tn6eUSrrw49VPLx/0sU1++r/HGR8Q/5xfYwbooD4w+9Gm7olg/dWR5d8yhCvxAGuBthTrUyyX1YVIjn6lL+U8tPhovD4aTj5ku/rVwPTtFAI61RurshjEA47ZNjf8hvlJTwj0nYL8mWOkK52QLmVzib82GfXGUb6Yb0g2/XTqR0suPfLcRcYacIjxV02hCyu9nnx7ctThXt7KbbrsAXKdThe7/DsFzX8IZls//09BPFNuj9nZQ7HW100W3virh1cDdMy4F/vso4tbfTDd8TV/0wd86YXHYI4JH9n0TH215cOeRkeYHnxQO7/VwbTJb+MjU04W1ys6zj/VIifXlNk4BZv+m9ebTPbtr0pybOXzfjywvvhAtGP1kDw7+WytwPbsicG0ewr4c8iniSA+yA/XH4dTdTG0t4rr1Hdl/P6dv57nKff6vafzVzQXTxejLCzjXP5/kxuglX7hC30AnU5t1yB7gPpq41xG27WvVzvEiJ9yoGu80sG4w7G9xiHb2cC46BLvab/9yR7UwwZnDjb4goct67jcK7fYTifM1/RrX4nVQFDp5pgt42KHv76cyS925Hy81wpcP2hf49DGJWEDSYQGJKU7PEnqVxH8tcef+qmfOvvFX/zF9cuPDtl/+2//7bOf/jt/Zz1447eA3/e+961favgHf//vL4vkk2dv+bVfWxfWB3/rt9Zf3viar5G4Nv6Ld3HXjXRJZsAeaCG0OFqI0SFoIe3ljiEdDhXGZHNAc+h1l+2AYWN3B+0Gwm+A+x1PC74FjteCtJF439qYnv70p6+/U+zAMg/PNg1jwy8GStBGxI4SD92wTQLSsW9XB7M0LiCm2uIFyUDxSV59zjMbAE3/IQRb+bkX6QtcNv6ld9O10fBncx60XUinLLuzhNk8BlP3KZz6+FY82WqeAnyHoAMCmWJU3JJHvwzyBdIXNu78BS4cUFsedQFzAHYR0saPR27ykS+wi1K68hWwJ1e05bonNvJYfuLrQucmj734q7PpgtNF6bJxF+9iFmrrmzE8Bskqa+8B7Ri9sjjFewiL2Sloz8p3cqA5RDMvymPj48f0Jd6pd+9L7ewp4w33bTzmb0+jK9Qux5vj/FAP4jW2biTojsY9bToAW/IDjSz+y/KFrssO2oA9vPnXWPBMvuiHMKCDr403n5Xoe5nsJmNtTJ5DmE+zvqdNBPLMDW1x02ZTLIrp4sl6qPbpgdcvF8fWB1f44HzVr5ufXtskP+NqTMVg7jn60Dd9//me2rrik+sjtIc4JJN3o+7ACl17QbpDbQdcss4drs+wV4jYK+/YAsWKH2j48hPkJ0Sb6w3MEtrT+MB3fn7bt33b+rPE5MWjhwvXElw/aF/jIHkkjcScgFZCSix8733ve8/e+MY3nv3Wclj2BQGHbhdiPJ9cLvoO2vgk/ctf/vL1i1YvfdlL17/w5dD93ve8Z/2DLR/60IfOXvLSlyx828Jlx8eNNos2Z5BvsMUNWiwtponxgGQPoQMFfx2gLWS2+vm9Jz/5yeuXLdx9/+7v/u76ZU9j/8Zv/Mb18GIBuiO3GfDDQdzvYr/uda87e9nLXrbGh6zNwI0IPvptEBYx1NdBRQw7MIldmx7dLjA+NkQzvrmBxGuDUuK3yQH19MFkQbEC/AJ40bRn3Pe4wcJ3fohe/ndFxnt/0dhfKmubHN3KedC20Scb8rX6auncz2Og37imj4dwApn84UexjS/bE9DYmf7hn7qg/suAbPMC2U/v7GevHGHD3OarvyrpD944bKPjFXOlCx45eYVfftCprxs52IWRLRcQ/HShufn03mTvJrr5/PCHP7xegNDckLJBNv2ngO0Zp+ro9V0tsBkWuzCd2ZlQu7XB52JdfeJlcMjnfIJ04Jk6p68wqH8PeNAPjQfMMbEVos82ME+TNmOQDXryX7v5yQ5/Zh7iB/avZAwjHm189JcnZJSngNzVPNGeB+1oxRamq77JowTKdLCRv9NWfABfMGNpDeG5DMG+DKbf+vjAJ3tAc+wVTPYecEhd4ox/9d0he+HBD7bvyWxzz+UNt3E6bLf/stFYAXmIz7wWA7rtGR309TsbmBt95ryn0D08ote11n7Rk2EHbjpdF/GSIdsB28HcvDtc04OuH7AjFvYvPuQ7X4oPbB7R+c4eRMO3xmBBMEtINp++4Ru+Yf3L1nwnx5frB+3r8HlDSbmHmUjqv/mbv3n2r//1v14PoP7C4dOe9rT1wCwByfsppq/4yq9YDqtftZb3P+APZjxxXQQO2U/6uq87e8ELX3j28u/93vXn/dYvPq4bgwW9PfH47PmvUACLI0SLLtld4JWQ7RZVdTIguUNoAVtE/lqeTYC8GwN/rfH973//epA2Vu23v/3t6zvoeC0yG4WPwmwwDid+F/sNb3jD2Y/+6I+evf71r1+/BOqjdRuvC4HDeT6yrd6hm67oYkXO4dzhn268NpU2CQjw2gjYoN+mRt/ckOicGwxdQDn7i3G6Z8z3eAXWEC8b2MKbjhWXefVv/XP6lxy0XUj3gD9I7hRcLQ9I95ThBxSTPd8e9K9jPO+no3HVdxkkD5ub5PLLHKLPGzPzBdBcuOSHuceXD+Q6TOGB+AE+kA3jDelxUZN78oiMvPSE2/p2sJaL+uknI2Z00jfHcAzYDMiE6GE+HgM2jLE5q64M6XEQCNiYUDsdU8+s598pwMfnkKz4hPrnPE8bYfTq8U8+8Tau6dP0TX32H0JQboTo7IXa8iw/tcuRdPBHviiBPv7ag6K1n0N28ID65Rd7p4C9qzloty5AtHAPaPm1523sjTXe+pRAHQazbe2cgsm7L4PsNC5zxo9unsXO95rwseegrb7GebmWNq+BvvWf8ly3fp8kz9dPYH1iMPMjmusQH/iiDfijbf4dkH3S5pDqOulG3bVV6SFWP9nHbwds+wk5c+p6jGZfc92ly57DPpvJsTXt57e2mG1j23JO2bjL6fiCYlIJ9HddlXeeZkMgh42Z7msJrh+0HwYwE1GiQgkl6T31/Y3f+I2zn//5nz9797vfvS4ch2yA3wXZwlhW7bKcl0R8yBfsto+A/EESPz208fqjHJ9c7wh9UaYFoVz/upVvSXvCPRZHi2iCRSDRyYHKZKoDfcfQwvVE0B22QwZbNgJf2PiLf/Evrhu8sWk7OH/gAx9YDx3GZQPAa0Phj19c8fOGv/qrv7qWZDwRtCGIkbpNil1tsYWNr8MUoJM/Nhp39+LFXhcnMnDqUYc2N23QphN/mw8dc1NKJ9AGaOqHcOtfyiXES8SXORsXLbaWcmks+rcDXrqa63nQ9lOPe92znPTL4IoPB9B46ak99Ra74gHwHILpSzrCzxfYEPdsNT8wOpp555s2P7Xlk09MoBx1oOaDi5W8cZEg43UQJZ2AvPzVrywvZn5AtvS70NDtppNNH6MqXSD7WUA5R7ZxfD4w4wf5dxmUq4DNvV3xgXvIxgSyxXrWleKw599D/saXLDrU1qcM1OObdTB9jE6POYR7mPyVwb4N7A3mKsSTD1CbnfzXLifSR4f84Rsd7Uszn/IVnWxt/fSQaczHAN/VHLTx1Q7QQhDvHvNBPT+VoBgAtL3OYOoqZqewuM/6vmTP9QKItcO2a4m1tj3J3eLgOut6mwz5xZt1f3Wzs/p1/hN/V2K0uL9YX/sf+szFNSj7+RBEo7+1pd14uwFXQr7y0xcIob0jPXTg6Wm1nAH88omZg7ZrHh59/DDuro9yzxzlI7nGnl9AGQ9o/PxFp4PsGp/zuFRCtrT5w080+2yfUrN1rcH1g/bDACTgvHMGFo8vMHqa+y/+xb9Y6y6ynt46nNr4XHglIJnH3fG49U+ob78ucdPZLbcuC2S9E902Bx9TWUByf31fbFnzNoF+AxT4fVXvl5Xw/AksGthi0sfvfLcIoTbZ+I+hhWwMxmlhoTnkek3DRoBmk/NUz9Nrd+R4LVLjMRYLDo84eH3EzwA5dJPhE1/oaRNgI7+nv/S1iVrILWYbiLHQpT5lgsajn7x+wM/sQfbxqOtrs6gf4C/26d1jYMbiXf63lg7RtT11WfmWOrkr41/aHbRvv337Uklzmn5leBngyY9jaNz45jiz2VwUL0DmEEx/1MMJ+/Ye6p/+ofGRD9OPSn7LM4hPTlmL1p1cMe9yxA2vXN3W2Xaz3NjMN1vR6MSTbf348NAVlo/4rRfrgP35cS754nkM5nhhtifOvD4EePjIXjZhbVgMT0Fy9O3rk3YZTLvJBuqwvslbX/zx5Xs8QXvBKZixrT1BW3wbW/5OOW328cH8mv7Ig3IHr9zTH/+WR9t72nQ2Jn3xyFv1U7DxnT5oz3pADhZzffFMnHJKvK0BILfzUd+MGUjHRJD9Y5gOOPknnR/iCqxl617bml+vVcs/T7LXX3FZ/CCz/gGgReVDDz50fr1w0F7maxnDjBOrrr+LyMK3HXTJG7dxqoPGxK/Glo/a3Yg7iDoc888cOYzaIxyw+coXY+ADdA3t+yXk0+GgbU+hmx9yhE6xyCf2QeMBzVu+53O+7uepvtr646menDHySdv3rrw66jqdP9cSXD9oX+MgabuoSkBJCzzNdsh+85vfvD698rrI93zP96yH7G0hb5uYi7u2P/nqd7Lvuefes/vu7y9E2ZB8pLo94bZ4yNkRPMGem5m79PWjr7E4SvxAgrcIklXmf3XjaOEdQ0C+cQD1aIAebTFRapPFr65Eh8bGNl6+48Ojzq/GA7IP0kXeRuUppKflDu8WdTGz2Yrh1I3ehYxdNLZAFzf8MH724q+f/4F+qO8Qbjwbn4oRragNzmm3XMVB2+/kTr2zrP7FgBmL6Q9o/ooHuDKWA5BvEyfs23uY/dnZzyUefZDP5rSLEnABkmtyAg95FwQXK68d6ZM3PrEhL49c9OgG+I1XO3ml/KKTjH5Ps9lyA+riiMd3GtxQOnx7gu4ghJe9U1DsQXGbCGYeHgJ+8offxewQ6kvnBPbRGzu+ifqUdOTrKWht0pXtOR669E2Mb29TH79geoBSX7z51VgqxTf6IUDHk92pL8xWa0J7jmsCeb7KAzLJr/7fcPHE0Bf09C9RufJJpr2hfeoYrHyfx0E7+3COEX3aijeoTnfzmQykAw2qg3SwPVF/PhzCfEpP9Or18UOe0+mQat2Ls4daDts2WAft1svU6fDttU3zwMd1LvnHZwxsem1kKe9frtNK89MYtdklV2y0qwNxsU/Ycxyy8bpmOYw6ZLuG2W/0OTvg5w8+NGcLB23yDtn2KXsJG/jsV1370OxLEI0O+5uSv/jzH+9+HqI1nmKlPnGOkV/0iTle12KvkPpSJDpfsnGtwPWD9jUC86I8E6REK2GBd5F9se+tb33rujAkmdcnLCYg0SRuKPm68D+4LPLtFZBtg/Uu2GJgubO+eFpeYtsxfGHDHzhYbS9yLTh+AnyQDfLRgQWMZiOysPHREwK61PmMl4908LuFqJ1evOjs4VWnt5jFC9HoUc9Oesmg8bGNIdpeD9CPDzYOmy00Nq8E2ABsvD3loMu8ORDZgNHZJsv/fAZ4YTR+iRs92WOHP3wIksMTXsmVdWo32jqXy1xv791vfT6xQN902Ox7ErHF3Kcc7JubdPNLqZ8e9WLSmPAUZ1jskgPa+LTJ8SHdZNCVjU9bX21QCfAmOxFP9tW7QLJlXEr0xkMmfWhhdLKQzhAkr4yeDvobb+tEHz3WE8RP3sWjvCLnghc/0J8sUMoT+tEhObo8vfLkim42PK3q3Uo69eOzhyRfDMigKY1BTpXTxzAwTrLJwyDfJ+rfl8nGkyxfYIB2DGfephfyT4nHmlLqz+/6jUkfQNNuPttjzae62ORzcnjFE4++YpROZRjUxssnZXL00cUXPHJEm83Go63UBrXJ0AfW+C0mVxvrgxaH1m19brDYXP5pr68MLjyLikUX37ac2+ydrQdtY3TQpjc7bB7CCY3tEH2zveG89kXDY2zo7BYDkE5YzOhwEIwm/9HxklOiK7d4bDmQLXXznG6gpCP9vivhELs+vV7gppvM/7jOLkAG/f4lXxyo+WEe0Ta4yBF/kbnXzviRf+WevaB+NOvbwdh1CE2f/OaX7zv5JJe8XNSv7JpU237jgYDDNV1gfjpnnAC/Ojogqw7R+QqbH/63BtT5HxZjOvEqtUH88UA8xqVO3uuyfhCh97TjoedagesH7T9HKImCEq0EstiBuidW3kP26xrveMc71ifZFoQ71G//9m9fF1Eb/kzeNoJ1cS76HLLZ8AoJXBNy23W310LIncuik0VXolmYFk+LaeUbiw5f9i1MF3Gve7jQt9GRzzc6+GxTsFHgmRsBnfRpq6NZZGiQrLbDhg0rwFts8bkQ8EFJpg2gTZU/gB2oLwTZYgc/njU2i57GPHnZzmdxULKPV6yyjwewT654AjrSky3t7O+BLGQLv3o6lt7FXnou3jPeYJPb2hcbHl5jFvOgsTUOdTTALrnGUWzyg954GkNxSA9e7fDCr4vx7YEeqC/fIUCjF+ozF2wZE8yvxnNID4wOyez9NQ7yoHxCpzfQL88hfuBpNBTn8qsLOuSjCx1dbJbj6Gh48OcjevntAuugjcYn/rIlD+mybvDpy9fGYZ6KB/3WPZ6rAfrCYgToAo0N8mOW1cNoe0Cj7xiC4gjSM3XjE091fuazdlCMo5fPYqwUL/GF2iAfyIb6Z98hrB/QFQL0dPFFm++1+a9eXrGXv3jnuG64sXy+GLdysbrQ/d/ebNzitNHXv6Nwbj863Q5m8sTTXDqzqw5B9dpgjo3O2b8fuzFtdi/yBO+UK/7J1A/5CeW0seJpHsklmw2x2I9DHR1Wz07xc+0qDvmxQeM5j/9ix6fK9mF/q6A566Zm+m2vkMf2hY1ny11jYY9ta9O1Uwms695Zru4hnHnCZ/3zh6xDubEq9Xma7ebJdbsx0cOf/Gy8/EOji4/GzQZ6fqKB4lxsoH4laMzhhPgDNuQ+fdahsfmL176jBdjI7rUC1w/af84gYUti5UxAiCbp3/Wud62/jf1rv/Zr6xcgJbu7Z+9kO2RLLLQWAZx6ZhuvxQBLfH3a8UOgfyY/Pos8f0ELzgIAePIHr8Wgjw8gfdOuRYOHDNnoSrz5mR40i5tdbXT9+JJPjg94OmTh3fsQ7x4nFBO8xY4sus3MpmgD0Jd+gMf42oz0h9nAA/lpTPTwGw/96M1vfhwD8iCd8c8xXaYD8J/PdOSrOmADRsPbhV8bXb9Yk02m+LCv1E5HuovdpKtfBmTyUx2w01jRyh+Y3uSSBcpjCC7zN910pp9tOejgDF3c8PHPhdQFzqslDi/mGT8+N4fpFsPygE6gHrBV3ENAT0+wrUcXZXLaLsb68TY+JV18y179lyFoXGDGp3JCfEFzEW/88RXbU6Aff7qmviC/6AtBvGKDH12+RAPaoLa+5GDAB5jPUP8s4dVAMs13c8uXOVZ1+w3AgxYPHdrKxowO8gUaF/qUgexHt3Zdm+xT9r98S1/lKcjehOTqoxdk9xA2H6fAWK2zeLXtb2JFR/OhX5+2+ImFOkQvltm1junB2x6oD2/86axkJ714xU0fQC+v6OzmG29zJ+ZK+4VPqRye7S0evHl91MMtvgAy+ui3t/QJFhl7jgM2HV4z1e567XrGDn+bVzrUGwOgiwxgSx9/Gw9Qh42ZrDLUnrTaMKjNBv+6pjr/+ES/gzaYctcCXOwI1+HPBdq85iIEEtJCscg+8pGPrL/9DH2ZyqbmKfYzn/nM9RdGXCTJHcI2hC8G8LPD30z6xgDYjG4RuIh7itZCB/zBr8TfZoKnDQVdDCxqbTrJt8CSFyMy/GozwKsO1PXRL054yaADNvI/rC+YbfU9Anf+DkTmBho3X2xq5syXMdXFoqcIxgjoyAd1Jb+MFR0Yj81MDKbtQ0gvZB+ggeLdPFwG6Uhv8TnUdwwbyylM5xcKYjXjOH2Izuf81o4XXO2YrgZm/Nkwl/JOnriAyUV5ohQD+elTK3ni97B9addHt3itC/43d80fWjFs7NM/9snIfxdev63/rd/6rWdPecpT1qdA+jsk0EkeL7oLsrzlA7/9BGjxOoUzTnvavv8YGo94NS60xtP4i+0pKCbHkF7raupE46f+aT/f55gq+Spu+YwG6KS//QqmL7xWgW/T5+oT93nXeMQxvBpIlk5lOkMgj0/h1cCca0hu72f1/DBGcwutAzjnOgTm2f7e3h7Sua/TQb86/mSKA3QQti8A/PYO9ulgx9rE47qA3410f0HWQ7gOynTicf1xqLa2Haod0u05Phm31rX188OeQ56P9gexQw/UZxxBY1PuMTpfZmyhenM/xx/qD+N7uMH1g/afI5RUoIQtASW2ReQvOP7Lf/kv1z/MYtH4Yy1+M9pHJX6eB22fjHvMxhcD+MzPuTlA/luQFpO6DcK7U94nd2F3gHCw0M8f/XyzoN1FuxvFQ8amYFw2BDIdMB1kfbTl0IDmMKttY7FhdMPh8KCPP0Cfd9T8VUgHBjKAH8Yw49RiB20SQN/sn4juCSFd5q6DlE3RPHpa4J03JTQuc8tP/YB9m7d40MEu/42T3uJ2zIeJzUm+A3TQXM2+YzB1TNsAnZ558Zr1cPpyCPd+fiEgbsUg/UA7/9nb0+aYvli+pDdMd/GALoZyWq53WJMH5lzO+qKS0gVVfpGhN34ox+S6UrsxyhlrTI4ptfHIf4dt3+uw5spRf2DH4Z5sF3R0dvnDrzmeQzjjeRke40Vja16A4wOfzxylK9y36Wwu0jv9mBit/snH1+YkO6D5tg7Q6guDz2dM/7VgP87Guq8Hsw4+nzHFp5z6xRXWdwqvBqb/Mw/YaO6CfIin9WZ/tj6suerQ/IOugckdw7lW2zcBGgQO0137+GhNkmXDdcS+wK4DtrXsSbYvBtI9Y0O/Q7brrGsPdA102Kaj/QUv2fah5EExKw7qaCC68hQ2rn1sIdq0VRzU9/hwhOuvjvw5Q8kFLCaJ5KLooufi50uPv/Irv7IuOO9celXEYVtiWyDuQCWk9qFEbrOiswuK/n2C69NWD6eudFu0c3NIpzYb0AZkI/Jkzk2Bvzb5Xd/1XevvV9ssyDhAdwiwSfiDO89+9rPXMfsoyCbjYzAHVJsH+zYKT+U84XfYtmFo+wM2fnXFKzX0dwDnhw3Ee6rea3/BC16w/rVMh25xYxsvoN9YwwmN3Tj1FTt0NONxcFZn30Hb5mtO9BUX9UOHT5DeNjl8/INttB3C4z+GYOoOsgvZiPcYkDev+Mqv5NFq2/jTqTRWPudPPPRp69OOJ1v4AL0wWRjfMdDPR5AuWAymnWgAna0Jl9kC6QeH/BULc6UEc320dlwgu+HCZ37Nvz7578bTH6HSdlP9jGc8Y81zuSW/P/rRj659rY/GjcZGmE/qeNjosKDOru9+8KM8k8P66eULe2ROwYxlcY5mfEo447uPtTYfDvGkD+71HILsTQT5Vn2WdE5fQfHTzjexVDbH6vmTLkBO276Qznjjv1rAT55tUL6bbzb4AdXlGcCDFg8d+du48jefoHGh69eefieH5sBHn3wB7Gan8hTgmRhMuX3fIbisHxQHfotLcwm14YwHfjwQ1FeZrPko3nT3i1TktQ9h8SXLJ4AfzrHjs/4gu/hdE5TWqTOBh1MO2epkrWP7StcP10DtDtV04en6y3dj93AIFofG1PjlsL7GXXzy2bj4pG1s2sVVvbgmO8cqBmzWhzd+MOt42OWf68jD4dWR6wftP0eQWBKlxAEWkC89eor9C7/wC+vBU/L3A/MOnz3ltVAkcJs4mMmMJmmVHYb0l8wlOpq+meB7PVO/RcFPdf2APFqL1OL2LWAHhR/4gR9Y/1iMNr/xOOi6kNuQHMg9ofcrKk9/+tPXO210H2dZPDYH4ONuh3U/X+bCLw6emDuAOKiLj43DpmLxKdlyYPGHasT0+c9//vpn3F0YHDL4ozQ+Y2k8MwbiAmrPuKI1dnrarDqomJsONnib52SUUB99+tX18a3NrgMRHvz5egjTWTug19xBdmbfIaCDH2yKozGnO3/poE+JpzYoRtrGQS7/ja02pE8bRKMLDV7mq35jwstecrB+wE6ANhHoz5djGF/1Q/7yRTwamziKwZxz/A4q1rFYNb/4urC6iKLJ+/e85z3rWvF0yo2mNWM/sJaMGdJfPR+tE7asIzen9POPPYcCNjzp5oOn6GzQWb/ca0zF5xCyMXkAWvGhX3tiMNt4g2jKqedqAf/UzS9jycd8CuKdNNB8zRyvPf0F9CavhO3RtWExqkQ7BfrpMMeAbdBcGwtUb9/AgxYPHY3ZmIoFQAuTqR+NbXX00F6Nbr/Dwzc85K8G0qecGNCpnV/HkJ+XQbHDL08bD+Qv2vRFf+OgX599y7Wt6ylUt4bFHI/11I3H9HHfbq0CdroOpdcaV/aKB/7WrUO16yE71qhPxoB9w55i/fIT2i/QoGtiftJtnOmkS57mW7HiG76uZaA46eMzPm396nQDuothNkFyAK1YTHswHyshHnltHNcP2tfhUpA8kksCAxdBX3p8y1vesv61RwdET2z/8l/+y+tHvRZwSdtCnxscXZUlJlCiRyuZoTqavpngEOi3INp0LByAH03CTxp0wLRwPZV3CHaAdihwEcdPt8OoTcvB2EXe++cWi0OwJ302Lh+t22BsImw5KLhzpwePTUXbazX+WqR3zehn26bCD/54tcQf9HHYduPiibb4iZMDMN3GCUFjLw4zTqBYKNHYYBdOGkAzVpuhuepJB9s2irnpheTpgWIbzvnJ30OYPkAHWnLlQRviKcCHnw78+Q1BsQb8E28lvXjltbJx0UMmH5WHYqad38le5itgO/9aBzNeQD1A2+vNj1PIN6AODvnbfEXPrro+KMetAfViRxavPJmvlch9hxrrhYzx4XchletocgmdPNvZMUf62NNHJ7r4KOWnT5NcvOnposwWPQ7q1qKLNPlj2NhqN97iUyzCU3BIR2Mqpy4DPHt7dDZHYK6DabN6sukqf8VZyR8w/UkG5nd2wmmnEv0UpI9twBdQnrMD1c03wIMWDx3ayuKQD2gh0JcciI7GB/nkgQef7G3K4jRtnIJ0TV/2mE+nkJ7LgB35jZevdKMli0bXtAvia7/OT2M0r+SKt3xw8LPm8NAdNkYIopFvnbNJl7UXOiiz1Q2xA7jrn/2BDfy9f20/IKO0XtF7VcQe4rrHBn3QHg0bg346+cIndTHjZ2tPLLp+BvmhH6+6/mKojkaWLXzK+oovQC9O9FavTZZ/+Xv9oH0dToKEkrySQqL5+NavijgUSiJPaB1QfeGxp9gugA6YFo26BRWUyLBFvEeJOheaesmsrR4C/fxscbT4INrcINLReBwWHJQ9dbPQHSbI4dGfTuNxEPVqiM3DOPTZMMgYCzmbl/E6GOARO20yNhT9LVp+8QdN3GxSfHBg0J5+wz00RtCYaue3Eo0dvihdfIwHtqnxQSwcZPJLH+SrdnqKi82PHL3aIL58PoZ04COXbPrFB9KP9xTES4dYKaPRh2ZcgJ/5Sy9eYxUn/EAdTR9f0otfGwJ0OOmX+Qrox8vejCvZ5I/Fr77iVP0Q8g3gA4f8jVbuQG3xEXtxkCtK+Vwc+Y7maZULKh753QURyi2vVLkRd3Glt1zKP3GlB781Atmm04VJvQux9WDt2WN8ydoffsCnz82rCzXdxrCPxUT97IJoAH3GAR6CdBRDEP+MJ7T+LwM6kof5NOdIjPZ0oA2ya17oEDcgHkB7ygXZTL48h0F2g9l3CNKX7WLdeiw26sUHD1o8dGgr8zsf0CaSSa5xqEe3P8sbMZA7+ulTsgH2cdmDsZS3oHJCtvf+TSwmx4BeeQ75ToZv2Qd8bgz5jY8snq5L1pS4ujZZu9r4ormWqRenkI7q2aebXfwQWMvWq+8U4bGvOkT6boUzAXutd7qcA6xT6xnwka/2CXrQrWF19uR89hoL/g7q5NuT2EDnh3lOt7kvbnTq55N+PuXfPn748BhzOYJfX/zoZEIysHbxIsPOw+Gg/ZjF8f88s6/DFwUkgaSuXrJCYW/BwQ9+8INn/+gf/aP1tRGJ40m2C6yFO59az+SFkpZu0EIoMUELymIjWx8dEpaMsuSnSwKnG6hn16JPB8wPdeMhQydeevhvwVu0Nrn8TQbwT188tYtTGxkf+OjwkR3xtejJsMMHMkpg46AXzQaonQ5+0JseOvjENkyXMZMB2mRgbUhffXghvXQq+WtDzG9gPHw2N0o2s+eJhYM53+nk67QhtkrxZYu8OPDZJtkBAiibKyWUW+zRSz5+bTrQ6NM2BjnIbz4XNzJKfpGpzTdg3gB+YOzhbOPPv4CeAJ0PaPtxVM93PPzkvzrUB8HUewj2fhyCYsVv/rNHrvnjKx592YZ73TMO+YkH5L+4ygfz28fH5pxNfS6CeN2Me6XKvKYHNpfk+MeWnKIDzQXYTbu2vCHP/w5RnqJ3kfZpkzXkppUO805WHOQHWfYaI7uNkS/sGRM6nrC4hI0dTHptkN7ZPxG09ujLPtRPXl9zWbzyBaQLLz769Bu3MWuLG1rjnrqqK8nzo5gYX3xklfw5BXjkeGOgc7830Y2vQ5V5otfco+tv7NnT195hTI0zf/NVP9vqsE8bHbL5Eh1Pa0FOnQI8+MUTaucDP7Xjg3woXpUQlDOVYNbx04EfvXo2APocJyhm+pTo7cXtv+JNRr+14HtB9m88Yps9/fZ2a8v+2PwYu+sAxF886OkJOf55Lcx382Ad8kN+uM5Ys+TxFCe8eJr7xgPwQIA2552t8hcNpE87mjnnX/nTvE69xpHd5OiBZCZokzcm/fTygw3y9kQ8Hgz8tb/2186e+9znrnLs8fVagutPtP8Lg4SQJJJOYpXg2p6wenr97ne/e32S7ZAtqVzMPNHy9LWNnA4wk7OSLiC5SmB0ZQtLwiYD9OHVH7Y4Snj9EJBFbzzRZpk+INltwt4vc6fpjtuGnA79Fg3fLBhP0PD0SohFZeHSwXf+WmAOFjYyG53+nsQpbVp8wUsPO+IH3LjYgPhiU7Tg2Qd8oFubTOPQbiOls5hVnzTzBpKPLzBeGyhb9ML0Fj88niIqzUNYzJIRD2NHpw9Nna7GkW6QfoAWHz30040fX/bwKKE+86HkGwTawNjR6EkHqF9fvmR/xkf/9PEQ4MUzcQ/8wMcunDbir30Z4DuGYpEPM3atMf3mBS+IN6hNbvKAbMSj3nyKk7ILDXuNGWrjsT6sJzlejuhX16+k2zyRl0v0Fa/GVG7VZ/3gZccYrU2oTld0a7Mn5Y2JXe3G3fgOYfaCfX85uYfJA/iCL3uNH9C/n6NTkD/kIX604lpM95h+JWxs0y48NqYJ+MRZCRrDHIdSv7kAzWHzPv1AV29M+UBGOz4l2I/Rd2jkmn03PrLiXvuyMeED+ZCO/ZiCbPNl+oPnED+Y9DmeYLarpxeQKS7q6NZN8SJjXvLfNQpYG9ageEBy5oWcuOlDcz1yUIauEXS67vQFR+ud3vyxjvBaY3xyjnD9c91ESw9f8zf/83eOE2jHv++LDtCmTBA9G9ltngC6OEz96QLRpw9kxRXQPWPZ3udmxIMG8QJk0NNxLcD1g/Z/QWiy2xxbqNoWg/eSX/Oa16xfGPRE28L8+q//+vUO1kJsoYKZ6BKvha0E+ltEoASOHl+AXl8LwyaAr4UxdaaXTbrTD9IF0ZXGasPxTpmPuJU9fYM25xaRpx4O2W4slGT1ods8ioENCU3sHD5sLuLkjt6G5AJvU6LbONSVZHzUbkH6pQb9dFmo9Fi4bDZGto0hXaBxHUPjIK8+56AxwhnrCfjLDT41fmP3ZMK4AH/qMy7605l/Hcom6NsDPWzRk9/4mv98yga9aMbRxYKMPm18+PHoA22q6Zs4Qf8hHyfwi2286Q/Siad4QP6h053+ve09pOsU0k1f45qxA+KARx84NjY8lwEd5l386VVqA3HXjwbkibxGs3fIXRds/oHpD1/Jz7wNtRsf4Kc1aG8i0xOzDtLsswXJush7Mkc3n+UByBbahH188iE4FL9y7RjoK2bpK8/UjenQHB3zhe/lYPJAO71TFg/Z7EzaHF9yML6rAfLlAzk66UBXmicg9vr5Wf9EwP/mOp/L5WOA3wGvA2Njyhd19q4G8OUDueYM8Bukb+KEbMLLYMrOOtnsBtrQuBobPw/FF12/fdsYPACyJpLBE3oQhOZgLI7WlP3YenUd9LqlcwDdbMF8se76aT5t10yobd3RQ46u9uDpPyyeYNKOISjuhxAYj3FDMtoQaGfnkHyILz+nXe106wfNgVj5NaZ50J7y1wJcP2j/F4Qm2sSX6OoWlV/L+Lf/9t+e/dIv/dJ6ULTwfHHQlx4tNAk1E1Wy1Q5LTkmV/n0ia8P0BNGnnAtkG0EJzw99gA4bcLbxpGfW888GbCPxhN4G4IBAjl798bNrQ8JLhg0XECUZJTm+4I0Wj4N0mxQ/6FYaB5rSwcNG5MLgQNK48UGAjx4bmTrf8LChfQpmPGpDvpCF/K+vGAEy+oyLv8aj7dAkV9yg8KsYzPiRQeOjjSd6fgBye6CDTn7lN758RRNfNLxt2GzkCxl0ttOJJx/4pY1XGU7QVxxOQb7ueelrrNNuvkA2wr39PaQv2UNY/KE2frqLw7QP9B0CPKcgW/Tl0xwrNB/oLupywUXep0hyRy65AcXHB/PZwUw7/7U7MGjXp4TodLuY8UWfNWQ9QeO2vvigToYetqzndPM9GxPwT2iswb4fHNIzIfvNBeA30Jc/6cjGMV9m3htPcUBLL8Cbfph9POj07e2G+XkM0h2mH2rnu7JDSLG3dtCnPOBXcmj51jxOGX0AjRydvd6mDw2SFRc+XM2YQH7QQyZ97UVBvgb5NjGIVwnrmzpmXf/eX7R8mn4dii+6fug605oUC9c//fgBfmvV3q7UR8ZrWT519VDIdUgsrTX1xkAfOTr1OXT3RJte9q27/UE734LGXh++YwgO0ScaA13lo3Y2tPUBtGPIj9ZMPqEry3V9aM3B9YP2dVjBhJt4CeDC9KEPfWj9OTq//+xJq9/Ffs5znrP+RrZXRhy0JBJeC4m8BWcRoQP6SsrqErDkijfb6smC6GRKaramHHr6Af9LboCOL12Tjw6yNgWL3kZh0efHHIu6i6Ix4gVk9fMhfezgTY+NDNjM8JDFo08bbwdt+oyPrDHkb+ME+PjLVzz0QH7lwzGc+gJ0csk2FnZg9HwQAzclxmUsfLB5OjSp8yPQNiabs/HrQ4PG2JgAG3sgm87s48svY6FHWx0/vmzgRWveyMSjriRPtjHCCeiHfDsE5iXedMFirswHY4HZhsUa7RRMnccwW40zO81PPugD+b2HOUeHgF7xJV/c2Sje+rPpAu2w6wLsd+Y9JdNfHtEhTxyKrAk+6g+j8ZnucjTAo58/HgRA+tz4ukGWp9YNwNMTdXKNP5v7eOzbeIod2PcDuYVn8k1A58fMg3IAoMEg+iFfQLGnl21jER90tHyuPnMQJltbHbAXXpYPgGyAf8bU+IA6v0B7AV/R8xFkF+RbfcWq/sYC6DIetj0gkmP4yhl91quS/VOwt8dGcUgXWraD5PK7epDv+Z/u6sGsk892sUx/qK2v+MoxdL6ik7eWXMPt4/ZnY7AugT6xcUi2dtgXv7774Prv5gXN2SBbeDtwqytdFxywldp8I8fmXM/T92COu7nVfwzxnELy5UR2ATvJ45l2DwGeqXdCOtLTHFw/aF+HFUy4hejg7KfoHLJ9o9gFyk/NvfSlL12/NWsh+Ui2BOlLSNqSuCQtCW1icyNDwyvRQu0SE6IFJS0E+8NMiQ3SZxz69hjoJ2Ox2Vz8tJ4Lv0VgPOgWCB6lcbkoOxjEo02PDcMF3AUd2Exs7DYpfXxVeoLnwq/fxb0DABvkxYgPnhJ4jcUmKK7Ga2PCX+xmjMij8wUWw0NoXMUqQA+KU3GEyc5+GzefINv10Q35LK5yRX8HGkAX3r0v04+geTAuehp/4ySPx/yks340IK78rR2PsSn1K/NrAlp4NZCN4kBfOqdu49DfePZ2ZlwOwd7PQ0BHc4hfm/4Zh+yDY2PEcwr0y015bb7NvTlTgg6SeKwD/sgNyBd8LsT5xR8y+M1NPkK0xlG+w/JU2dNra9B3HvwCgvyzlvzkpo+v5S3d/KHPOtTP72ztYR8fcpPvUPzYwAfinSU0vnQ1X8YEoieTjb2t+snpI1dep4+dbE1MPxQ35ewDdIZ0nILk49duDrX5kl7xBs1z/uuPp7lNT35FK2bq+vBoyyvzCjrQ0Q9BepI7BfFlMzvaYmYc+TYhuWQmkN0joAfUBrOeruKijD5RX2tqH9/8FxPrxOsf6q5DZPH7BFtpzVk/rl0O2Q7b1qcxW8OuhcXCNc/6g3S1rqxv/fSZC/pc37T51Pwdgsazj98hoA/fMaTHPmWsEI1fMBvK2qcQr3E3X8Yw50I/KMevH7Svwwom3gLxTvY73/nO9UuPFpFF6LedvS5i0TmE++uGJYpEakEHMxGr46+u1J6LLFo4F8DE+gBd6UPjR/pmX/1QPzpem7HNwy8VuIlwY6Gtj4yDgzFDm4ULt9dpvAdqI3F4tNm4u9cGnhA4kDu822gsaO9c0+tCb8HRzUaHaX7R78/A88FPJGnrZ5vPbQwtbjpsLDY9uI/JMSweoPrs39NnWfw6RPGJDw4uYuHgojQmNxbzCQYEdBmTMp/BrAdzIzZm9ujTBm1ychC9/plXYpMeNuJR50NxjT/QHwaz/xDo5xN9UHsv0/zB+tlgH+bXFwp0pJeN2q1V484HMMc5Ac8poJcucy4vGo94A/GXF+bcPNlTrKueqJFzg8lPMukpDtnXTq8xKCG5CXTax6xLsr5wCTsckOEvXfSw16EgfdNugH8CnmIH9v2AzckTTFpzAIsBpC96/Nk4ZAvgoy+d+CBfrYHmXBsG6WOXXP3TbriPyx7IwGIZDaC1t8IOIXyjd46bffVo2vyHAJ2cvuw0Nn1yzNzqMw/o6vjJycfo+E8BHkh23zYGWGxB422ck78+oA35lW+NTz2YdUBHMslNm9M3UHzFHl2/Pm3rxTWenFcAlWLjS6Tf+I3fuF7bHMZ78k1WbF3jHMYbGxp5dA/nxL6DtpJOa17ZtYItffnZWOZ4G8/VwGW5Se+hgzZgp/zhh/ZliF8J5FD+g3xubNcP2o9yKLEtCH/Z7e1vf/vZv/k3/2b9SMgCc/iDEsYiwifB2hBmwkmckgemu41s9ks0C72kRi9ZwyB98ZXMtUH69NlY4gf5kV58eGy0DoRei/HLKkqbh7GRtbnwCb87egcCm4/SpkGnjcgGY/Pgi4u2p9Jo4kpcB88AAP/0SURBVCdeSq/i+LJlT8zpt5nRDX0c54/n+KMcSguy8fCBXHEEjW9uGs3LMZyAn3xyyWorxSeMtxjKBXU0MTR28Wgj1W/cePGRV+8AxRZQD2Y9oKucINO8agM0MWIPXT9adtX5ZzzFUj0djVW592WPZOApoAuyW8yC9GQvBHwJQfRjMP06hnxQ0skPOrXFAeRnPuo7BHhOQXHppsrTKvPGbn6gN49KdPMC+WPN6PNEzPqzduQPmPOjXw6RaS0UR3bwWkfWisN2Fzl9crOncnTx13ujDuRAP3/4mr4J+/jgwRvs+0Fr5xRMHWJgbOUqaHwg2t5Wbf6LPX7xoUcdvbWhvfc7nLky+SbPPi57SIbt9EVr/tPf/ORbuZEP8WcXnznWRnfzHg/I5/Yf6EAHxYDc9Ck9yR+D/MEP8p8u+cheYwiykU/ZC9TzB9amp/5gX4fJJQumTbCPb3mlvzYgYy24ruF17aHXT3GKHRAj+qybYutwTV/rFqLnQ/zarhHNQXOpTkd+zrGA9MD6TmHxaE6PoRxqXwFks6WsfQyTMY7mPN35ST9obNcP2o9ikBBQMrgw+VURh+z+GI2/ZOjpqg3NIsTjSxA+jpVgLTRJVdKVjOglXxu+fqW+FoQ6fvQWSsk6+0pKOuoHaCB9oAsmTM/USYcSv4OBGwiHYJuNjUVfT2DpMj6bCV4fPffUVttG6yItXuT0uUt3uE6/Cz8eT6npEzd1BwwHcL/o4g8B4RN/cfZzip60mxM2+T8PGfsYiM+cB/U9tuiLTXIwufTw8+ZbLi7ObLFJRn/y6jbNaPgmT/NiwzVuY0DLLkim8QTmoLE2pnQC8sZUfvE5X6F6Fxl85PY69u18SMfUhe8UZD/evQ7In/rTx3YI9F8GeA/pD41ZKX7s1O7iatxo+XkM8FwGfBFfhzwfLXeDBIE8t17cuOpn0wFXPoiZJ87ywvqDDtr0iZUcKGbo5Q8o1sbSeNykojlwu+HlCxlIl3VJn6duPmFqHTuEK4uJf0ExncBG8wcOxdDYJg+YfMWeLmBc5qfxrX4s2Bwku7eljW9ds8vYQOtCXMSgPIeADGQLpjOeQ7zwavIBpBekR5tPdBgzHwGf0coX/PrzL7vGp9Smx3yq06MkA/V1EHS9knflZHGRD/Zp+1LxPwbpBcVFm2/00dUYGmt8E/kYgsY2ac1fbTD7A23jSQfIR34A4wTmXh9+vHyxDsham647Pqn1oA3dDx5YD9YqGde+vuMwY82O9eqA7VNu1y008faknB0+sG+utMUbGCc92ukMAf3hYxb8zBjrMeQre8pjiI8/xQSg8W21dT5PymOYPWMlo0432+qg9WZs4OFw0L7+B2v+jGCjMeHCZ1MBEt6GJTEsHovpn/yTf7L+RrbNqYulg6cLlQPiTCSJM5MW4nHArN2CmAujhMsfm1OLjrwDrgUN+RHdguUzXXQY00x6WMKGbOQvOYDHwoBiwX5xsLk4bLvg84k9r3uQseHwg+0Pf/jDqzzo1RCy+mwcYseeMeDli1dxxNOBOd+13aw8//nPP/vO7/zO9U+ue9KGB/Af2sD4wj5/zdev//qvr77qt3iN0e9zsunwzr9uhhxMjKGndvcuOsjddtv2OsyNS32dm/s9eRCT7V3Dm29eNqGltLmx2wZy443nh7OlXqy12QjRyhMoRuaTfx246OSf2JEpduZj9XORgcZtfsQUHx7+008PfcUKrr4t9vE3/0AM+Y9enzJaY0Cf9vgFt5hd/HyjeZAn6PJWaUz8pRNmvzJbjfEY8J/ty4C+U0CP+LNtfOySEVfAV/E0L/LSOK1hvM05HcatHtLBv2KublygMUL1kO6rGbd8latian0pxZoOnxx5dcu+5EBs7n0iRIasfYINh+egcRuncaw5f8NyUFv8E5s//uM/OvvAB35rfR3uzjs/veajPQ/P/Q/cv9qnmw/l4+23b3+84zOfXW46l7GXc3OeG69SWzz2+VDMHErAjFl96uCLlQ9Tf/Zm3b7EN2NVtgaMlzw+9csAn/VBphiKNxviQod68ciOUhsvvuTiEWuABu139mw25LC12Zw79PlU1l8RvQz4cgr4me/yiK/GmE3x0s9fwNeJ6I0F0gfEoXiiQTaKC152kqcr3lOQ3nTgzz/xoecjH/39dQ25vnmg9tXLemPrrjvvWq5FX7HE7TvW6w+gY/uUaPukydx++tPbX3L8j8t6E//mVKndfjnH2xhmTFZEW/x66KHt10vuvtu5ZftuD7hnie+N5zLGBMENyzq95Zbt2nHTMif3LXL62IPFjk/mTJ3PyvyYiG4M9j9tckpAV7aNzV6Jhl85Ea08FGP65OGP/diPnT396U9ffaP7WoPrT7S/ADDhJtWkS0iJI1kkleTrD9G4I7Xpu+NykbOBkZUkQPIAckGJhQZLRIlUqV998tEVDfCNLxYlYFc7emNQ2tTScwxBvsHpe5iP3k/zVPmbvumb1oOuGFgcFhIe9rRt3P66k03GR2o2eQvOHb3F+653vevK02cxZdehwZ+nd0D4oR/6ofWO9kd/9EfX10P6FRexdgFn12J0cPje7/3edexeU8HnUGpetOkTE39lypyRdRDgn7YYihW/XDgdPNizad2+jOnxj3fj4gC7Pc1w0PrMUn/cclD5si//srW9bjxLjD7zmebJTdUSvxu2DeqmZR5WngVnzMUZypkutHyFfGrexVXszOfMA6BN3jjox6vePIb4lGwc8mPOu/7kQLxzDLMf1MfHeOnkC9vAmIwN8FM7XXt/0x3PMQSVpyC/jyHgA2wcgJ+gedHGo18bb/6qo9GXDv6H2vHvIRpZOtZD7sJ/DIGcsd4AObloPclldTpAOYRH/lur/EG3brTlO5Rn+oxRXt11151nf/qpP11lH//4L1n3OYf4L1l4fYLz4IMPnd2x1L/qq7561aVtrdD1NV/ztevBxKEezRj5Xgyac7rDaJWBPnJsgNk36wDvFwr5E1SPDsWXn60tYxM7fgK06qcAHx10Gp+SXkCntvkr9wAaaG7ZTa54aEfDV+zxa8uzbhatU3Rz+8UCtqb99oLpI8jPPeDBCwF9xTM639NXmb50Jn8MyPBLvouBUnuiefnS5frgxvLrv/4blhvYr1rid8t6LXGIdm3wwGXRdnbvffcua2Z7HUu/vg3vXG9arTGxB8bT3sAPMWK/8R1CwyKHn78PLOgQfeut/ZrRdqMQgsc8ZovdDcs1CYkfdF0pr/Bd7PPA2MvBGVNAhizAA8lNHoBujMHeN0AOXznioZjru3izkT/XElw/aP8ZwWSaZAlQwqi7oFk0DoKvfvWr118YQXcgdIj01MiGJUksqJKi5EmPhLEwAJo2e5VhiZUebZhfLUx+adsEIBqIB80Fl61jCPJt2gHx8JkuFxYfNXs9xrvpSq/IxOuCapMADrmekDhsixe9blAcjN/xjnescQLknvnMZ66bj4O0GDoc6/f0mlxPAOarJBbge97znvVjO0/DfeFSPGxgDh94yZmz7/u+71vn7wd+4AfW2Piiqvfo/fQivTZDY3z961+/HuQ9+esJvP4OPebmwWUTEzb+OrTYUD1dsJF5aueptkOFDdfh2yGbz8USim8xp5Pfxs1WesnEE+AzdiV/9dHHN7IADWZjTzN+uPcl3qB2fGyE+ugD6vrTO3XzEeLhnzHpJ2vcaPrC9FXPbvpO4SnQP/06hGDGKN/4qV8baqM3Hn3FAk2bPL/lIkRHOwX5oCRTrI5h+cEfbXJyw6c3ct46lLfd+MoZfrhBhWTQmge8dDa/5k3/up6X6dBvfbsZ9STbQfqWW7YHEdaPp3kOEg8++MCSw7euN+T4715s2wceXOw4mM9YiFux4z+7zQEMiikkD2b/rINi+YUAW+lRHkLzNMfQ+pjj074M+F+e7XOq+bA/mJPyDyjR2juSS1YbkIH2FfMJ8XfI3tO+GFAM2OUfVOebvnw8BsYG53jIzdhC/ivjVRp3GO8pKI5QHIpz+qDYuaF0o+na4CDoYCvnP/7xP1mvN/Jdnlt/bnahuqfanjpbn7fduu3v5TEf1RsH+2KVXVA97AGOBzurrwveeKObfH8yf3tw4xqkvlhYrk/bfnTDco2i0oMgco9Z6tkA+7gpi/mkgxkbusN4A/XoIHuH7OIrT64ftB/BYLIdTF2Y1G2kFofDpNcVPMl1WNTviamDpkXncCQZXJhc2CQReQsIqqO1mCUNOtpMvOpA0pEDdEPtZJUWsNLmjIaHfnriu5qDdvrD/IiHHgtALLzL6fUOh2FPpC0IfcZt/OIhNg62Lsq/+qu/uh54bTo+clZ64uzJiY+FXv7yl6+vgXgtxKJqYfl4zhNnF3VjMFYy7EBPntnyiy9ueBy2QXEUE3r46x16i1bJN4cGiM9PMXqVxBgdvM2zg4gn7nfevb1jJ5b4zTO9ngqg88mmoN8mtihcN7jP+phc7MzBjRcHMlhs28hDwId5MMMvD8iTy6b8EwNy+G3cLpD4k4OgeGR38kSrDPIHpKvNUqmfL7N/jcG53kAu4kMrR9lCB/hB/oUgva2DU3gZTN9OoXGxz2Z2zZOS/40dT/ME4kErLunILrnmvHHvAR9IdsZkj1sebrrVISgfy1W5Ys05CIi7PHEg4Lu2g0A6+RbmqzF92bLu6DQ2MmTpt64duO+/34OITyw6to++5aaSjvuWi7594cablpvBkdv5ysaEfAmMD/9EMHlmHRTHLxTo2SP7leUDRNM2PvXGgXYZ4BMLcuZMWVzKg+IJtbOhbU7ME5/qB/HQhW7Oyk97Bhl7q/ygw15bTn8h0DyxSy+bcMaJX40DVAb1kSkW6QXRm4PGmVwY72Uw5eOfetaHKcu+79UL60feezXwnnvuXdbQp9an2mJ393KN9DDJjac155op9g63Dy167zh/TSS/gTobzSUfgLGuts/Licv/Fo5t/iEd5pNO6xFt1bEcsrdPVDcbrk3NicP5HqYt0HqNlm/K6vHAxhLgqW/KTp504ynPrx+0H+EgCSWOg5WLlMOZw6K/+NiXgXwc6kmtp9l4bVYWlIQIJYa+Eg+tRZH+EhCUbCUcnuRgyUlfMh2i4+X7dje7bdrQRa/6IZzJny2gjx0lWvw2EYdVvz7igGvcFriyizs/4Pve977VXzJi5tDrqTU5T7E9WXbI1ud1EuMg7wLuKZgY9UsjLgz8QMOHx2bm0O5AbvMzbrx08EXbR+k2RQdodsQjH/nNP22HeH6aVwdtT8h/90O/tx5EfBRn7PjxAu9oiz+aw/Q2J1ushBQ/3d6du/mm7WNCIM57JJsvoHlAN15jhcbNb7FuA2cHPV712vropytgIzqoBOiA3gBtj3yAtdkKg/hsnPnGdhspH/GAvS/pBfl7Ci8DPMXjGAL2IV7+AbHTb37QZ8z5pl0s8NgfJtCHx7jx0Ydv2q0MtJM7hvQo8fKl/FHKFTe56HLUWrKO1PE4bOMD9DQXbGpDgHbbMm9fuqwH+4on1+uheYkDuler6HriE7enfJ72GeMf/uEfba9lLTJfshzefOLX0zcxhNOWevYqq4PakCxIBsw6mLJfTGB770uxUhfbYtnY0C4D/jeX9pfkAXn95Q7MdnxkyaGVG/ogQIN8o8veaD81l/LCXk7W/vzFALogP/id78B4GhPIz+kv0J+OZNMLotOlxF+515f8MaCTnnRnB806WeO2qNqeEl/oun9Z097Rdo246+7t4cedS3t9P/sT229jO1y7wfS0mb5bl3lqjs1J46zdPOGt3NdFbgtfa2i5uV55tp9lNa/644eNjT+eunvFywF8xqk65BdsrzoE+U4/nuzEX6zSuYfo9ZG9ftB+FIAEldA2IpPrie3rXve6s1/+5V9eL1YuYC4onoJ6f9jhzCLzcW2yEqILSoknIVtEQPKWwDPJZuKRBVMOjQ39dDpsqU8b/FaH6nyZeg9hkBza9B/S5WIbv8Nrm1C+63cXL1YOuMAB2JcNLRyHa+9Qq4ulwxdZMexmxUHFxk+XjQoNsMUHbRd3/GwbH9q2uWwfm+nzRN3BGTQmOvrYPHto9Nn8HE7Mr9dejO93fvd3ls1ze03jgQfuP3vgwWUTWDaoLcbbnDlIe7KxzcvFBuhVkiv05R8f8iXgE8TDD8AWZEP85SL/fBTPp8nTfNucjKV4koN0s9f46wu2cWz+5AtA30N6YPanTmWAp7kxL/jyzfyA1lj2K0F+KBvHMQRT9hBM3mOgP3/4uc3n5z7R1g+186tYkDGHLrYBXa3f5ooMPiWoDGpn6xiyI5b5Wwz4LV+sLyAvrAPr0noCeMjQY30aG2we+TDRdxLYk2d4zN3M19tvv229YZaj6p7yecJ9/333rwcAT8486StOdPKXfXEJ8kv/HhqfflAbzDo4JP/5Qv4dguLSOAC/xKS8aL61LwM68JPrEJbt5LWnrWIF0JsPfMnSA8o//PTLD3U3TvZaeSFfzF82vhCgu9hMf9DLMYAn3knLb+VePr7o9CmzpUxHepI/BmIpftMXGF3pExkgjvctee069adL/D71yU+t68s17O67ti96WnPQlxXJuyH1ysg6l4t/9PHTelBmtzGVR/mhHmp7Ku3AvERoqy/r0xeSXYvo5MPqu1/BWnWXJ0t8zm2w20Eb5ENt/SvPua8T4lEmd0y+2KNPPXu5aNcP2o8CcCiQzBLVu8heS/DzcT5aM+FeMfCk050/lDj6LDLJYhMDbWqgZCvx8LFR4oWTB0pwUOIBctHxzwQsaUN9Fl19xxBMXwH6XNhKPriw2wRszOKhNGbxYmu9kz//Agh+X5j0FNn70DZyiwcYkw3eYZdN/C7eDmNo+jxxQTcOuvDZ3MyL0mso+rwyYqPzaQM/HCjc+JDli4OETY+f+tigX5lNMSWLl04foXoi98lPfXL147GPvX2Nyb2LnjvvuvPsvvvvO7t5kXnc47b3GX0Jho7iCcRt/TWSpXQ4L7YBXn0hYBuC5oBeZQcigB8d0st3cUs+2b0/zSeZifVDMuWbuv70okNzrT11QpBOvrbpA3Gmr4O2mwbrjZ58AHj2eBlM+VOQb4eQ/9WNCQLj5YO8b9za+vEaj3wmb4z41fGkDwL05q1x1acd7WqgQzZd9PKr9Z7/4hs0d6E+69e4yOI3Z8bQ2Fedy9juXQ7ODg1uHK2ZLQ99d+X+s3uWtfipZf+zxqzxL3vil61fFHYR9+RMXrrp9nF2Y0w//5t/dHqNBQaTR2m80YNZB59PHI+BGGX3Mv2NqbkAZOnI31NAP95ioCQP6J3xyBY+pTbMDj30oZFTzxf83SSZf9ctJZqHRuZvP9Y/C7DLfrrypbHUnogWJgP4XiziBdHpVDbOxj51JX8M6IBBOj7HvxvosjduN52fvnM5ZC/Xu+2a96mzTy+x1LfBljNeHXTAdv3wVBt9vflc6PrnPspeY9AOGsMsrastX5Z1v8g4PJPxq1i+Q8Q/c+pTp4tD9qLbQZtf69iW3DnXt7UvYpsfSjRlEG8x08abHph8mFwweWE21K8ftB8FYKId0DzJ9mU/7yLb0LxL/F3f9V1XDowlmAOfhSYxHMhsdhaPPjATtkQiq07mELb4bIagxJNo9CcfT7aUfO1CSaYDgL5TWKKnRztsrOrAYVXyu3haDA6tLrIOwC7+npZ4KuwvR6qLmf4OVnThdZHnH3SwtTl4oiKmYuDgrO/973//enB2wTYvfivbKyP+7Lq/xikGb33rW1fdDtyepvPRRcRNEF6HVD/z52l2T7rdKPmoe84hmz7mdsj2keoDy+HiK7/yL6xP5PnIn0+c6wY2s/VjwfN5MbbiuMVuO1D5CB0dahfP0FzSDegxz1AfGb6JD8Rrjo1FTM25eOkzNnNAf7mSvfTmR3rB9EcdXYmHPYgGy0+An95k06vf3OM1z4DPwDzxQzzFPl3sTdDOr+qHELB5GeTbMTSO6mzyERQLeSa22nO8aMZJ3lwUd6AfkEenozWb78HkhTOux9CeYz+iWxz5EWhbM3JUrPGR4a+4y2HrxPqw57GJl07jAPSt41/qZDffNrrXqZT8pg+a49sWeaX59+UxOo3FT2HSpQ7pIjvHjZedQJ9xQLLKfEsOzDqg6wsFY2Nv+gi2GFygPqUxmQf+o/EXlkenIH56jE/JNpjxAvSXS8pJB8ULvb58MS9Qvzm3Z8gLe55P8/Zj/bPCtF3eVEZvXJM++4PGA/Dux0mHkt+Ve13JH4P04hMnJZx63FT6dQ90e/U992xfcPQKoU893UiaO1+QLA+UW8yXOV3skL9vuWnlMz9bP8UB0I8WHmpvPi7jXA//ZOjYrjd0mlfXPL+WtfVv44FCwh7f1pxb/s15ANnZ+C+uacWieJED4lEfmL5C0PjA1FM9W3Tx6/pB+2EMJmwmDZhtCepg51URv4zhUOA94he96EXrqyIWjYuXi5U+/BLDAnORANol4AT6S1A2u2iXjCVn/thIAR40ci1gQGa/0XYhz0YJGg9Qn77MfotUm1yLr/58Y9PB1EJwsRaPvvghDuLkFZE2b4ddPhmvfiVwYTY20GFdSZf34sn9xm/8xvoFVE+t/U63A7rSxcFB2EETP+jpnDE4bHvijd98kDcOffw2Pv46rBuDsRqjPv4Zk4P5TTffdPakr3vS+iqJQzk5fX5JYf24btnY/MoIG2Kzxexi7n0RBf2uRQao84Of5Uh+scsH9GLPHt36+ClmQB6KgcMMXQC/+IlpeUGeboCvHOVHuYePbHOMVjveyQ9BPobJh+aajHUC2MeDRpYv5jwfgn19tg9Bvin3vNOfq4F4szvHa4zmItAG2dZu7rTJTX31T72TJwT4mkNyMJ+AUg50KJ461elRtz/JEesELz3ockKfXLae1NHZnAft9N1y8/akmd7t9+MvbjjIsOHGj9/bofuu9aN2F0lfanaz7VMga7R4zVhBduhR4sk24C8aW+U7mWDWQfGasOeZ/fWhhflAF5ww+YL40Mjt5etjK3vRtfHrn/MJjBkPmHLlEkDXBuTi0x8C8SVrjuwn+OzRXvuRT/IADT8+pfZeJ6itrA7qnzBp8fO3ce0Bfzj1RwPRxEfstPXlN6jUfwryxTjLtXQGdy0Ha4dtPD7dSSdZPjjo+qKkfc0c5od+fet3FJab0+0XQra5Sn/2tWesg9qV65Pp5R8ZX8I3zHQ8uPjGzmMf+7j11ZHN38azranNpxvXvwdBprY+/BBos5nd4gnQ9rz1T3/R2AB7nvrYri3+dNo7HLRdk/Wl41qC63+w5gh0gbAwmmSTKlzoDnZvfvOb1yelJtwG5FURX7hzsPEUgA5yNnwlTL7EK5n0qWcrug3NRSdaemab/WPTmB48YOqfdfIOBy20FkUXLCUwJrw9leKfCy4dFgG60pNqhzlxcPAk40DqQOvXQ1xQO9DxDa/NnU5tyFYb/fax2/azieKhz8W/Q4SYt3GxD/is7xSky1290qEd+HhUH38dDOilz2LuxoD/npr/yq/8ytkzlhuGZ3/ns9dxiyN/+eejwk/96afWQ7YvyYqTJ+S+5PllX/bl6ziNsW94//Ef/tHqCzAmftDHF/bF0aHzFPCrDQmWtxP5jY6P/g65xmoMfNRn/vg31wJ+NPLNbTkz8weS6TB2DOjEa/x0sUuu3GYPz2WA/xTwyzjpL0Yg25AOtk8BHy8Duumd44nGB3iZv+AyHvkP2aF7j+hsK0/F1zqZeSA+UNzR2ofik6MOxr7sbN3R5xUQX/jKnid3S7Ha0S72+Lcc6cZjm4/WmI+4f/t3fvvKX3T16VVfnmTbeLWtA5840WWtkLU/4JO/SlAcoDpQNzYyIJ7JC/mFp7yGwDhCsaGLX8ZaHOki33jpOwX8bQ8jSwdddKLRhQedvQ7D9i268Sj1n4LWI12wmBgnG8akFMu+U2Rs9ob2U3JsoeeX+ch2c4nH2KcdPhc7EB2vOlQP8ZE5BeKRnWyRJadPyddtr7344p7YQTa07dmnQMzFwDjpMvfs0U+nMd/3wP1n9y79XqXiB7p5vfX83Wv2P/WpT16Za3PsSTfA67BtLLfctP1RJnCq5HfYeMP1ML3o8qqIL+J7Nxv4guP6PaKlz6esC/P5z81ue3e6yHmn+84lF/hq7MbAZ3HDW950XSJbPPWLFURzTmqO2ALJK9PLNsADyYoX+3Tq79rtkP3KV75y/WW3axWuP9E+AibW5FtINpsmWvL42b7Xvva1659VdcExwdABTCJIDElABq4Ju5QWhSSBeOYiCapXlpTx7REcaoPsVe4hPqCeTyFavivpsBE5fLnIeoLsQuuJsU3MQsweXcDTfhe9N73pTetiQ7cw3JC4E8Xrt7PFTaz9koc/Wfvbv/3b6+sZdPcUfB6y6XEgdOB1ATAPNsE2eP7yv1ifQrzk+MJHbbrI2jy0u3iaC/bRyaK5AXjFK15x9s3f/C3rF0/46fBgfG6+nrTESG64KfMenA3XH/TofW6/J0z/7Ut+PflbnrwersXCIcJmTp+2eTA2UG4dwsYeGNcexM1hReza4IwpNM9oxthGOOfVfMN4ssE2H/CLqXo5cQzJKPGlozGgwTmeY3A1PM13CLKtLIZ0HcOrAbrpqx6i8QEWn1MIDvkwETQHYaA/u6fiy1Z1dO3WUaDt1RL98l5u2hutz/WAspi9ZZl3vuhzk4nuQC0frFEfjevffrd3weW/fPRTmEtrXTfsNH6HbZ80+VRJzHyfw37QemzsSm31xgBmPA7FBkSf/YAOPOgh2PzdkF2Al87iiFfM4F7vIYg/n9KjjZ5uYwRiurdPR+3LIJ8u4n8x10B87XX6xd16z54+9vZ+KbWLW8DWtFesjsHet1O8QD+ZYjblQzbtV/qyX/7Eo7/6IWx+8M3cKxbQq1L15wtZgN9+336O7jURrwzmB36y3qdGm2MK0wfUj6HrEdmtvfGTtyYdrNUvfs7vc/VDY/Uk/L5zfyGgs7EHzkfFQdm8JSdf9QX1lSd0NVZ9gTae4quNV26Ks/OFc4ND/LUK1w/aB6BEAyWTJybAk+x/+A//4fpEEI8ns34n2oFKEpj80MZU0uGlZ1toF3fdJVmAbyYZfhh930/nTOposKQtMSdOvrCxQrronLo7VBqrPwDjybR3nr0u4QDMjqdPvVP7lre85ewFL3jB+mTKH4DxtFi88DnoARdM+j3t/uEf/uGV1w2Mw7dDtsOmg73Dn5gBPtn4HfIdiC1wi5iPdBffxlMMDiEZuiBecnTRqW0ht4HQJwZ8crgwZhumg8DTvvVp68dv/jKefn/xy8t2NkvAT39U55bloPHHf/TH56+4fGw9RNP9hOVwLVc+9Lu/u/rANhmbSE/UIV4+K4+h/gl07SG9xib+jQ0ak3gbB8DDNzx8Y2M7NN26jp1+NsuXfNVfDJXHkBwwH0AbNp/N02VwGQ9bIN3xo9duDLUPYX6fAnqmvRBNHI2pvDqG2drbn6i/XKczm/rYm3yn4gtmvzUA88X8uxm2ttmyD/gUyic+Xr+Sx1++3Lh9//d9//pLS1//9V+35NhXrjk8X5Hinl8mWSJ4Tlnm4NzHwCdA9g+vsbih9+tDbgrlJZtuwI1ZfvWErXGj8ZuPSlAfmPViBKLPfkA3HvQQFEMoblOX9p5vr/cQ0DHnvfnY+2nswBrTZ6zoZIH2Kci/7HWNqo9+sYbazb3Y8sN6huKrTQ++/G3M9QH2soleXOvfQ3RleAr0058f6tFD9tqLGq+x4q9fe8rsEQ95fMmiiZF4KNeD82KnLyI2831q6TsIcPtezsWnSsUHPzmvjsyxALaKHcz3Y9hvcgd0kZnY94P0hcmvdvi4+JdtGF86gL3B+PGRBUq01qVxgnQp01M8gb505M/qy4L4gGuVumuZ13Z92qyN51qD6wftA2BSbTImzcWwp63/6l/9q7Of/dmfXQ/ZHa4d9iSYg3VfxCu5SromXsJYQPRC7ZIWkCu5AvySr77ZTy4d++RCJxdP9VPQBs1GfsNsqrPlydILX/jCs1/6pV86+/7v//710OgprIUk+V14PfV3c+LJ9M/8zM+s73f6kqgF54ujnnTzSdvB2iHUX1t0+Pvn//yff44vLVTzQKdDntJ4LFyxnwfEDox0kCtuh5BuFyxj4w+ZaEDb/DowoAMHbHOtdCBw6P7TO7e/GCkGXQC9b+2LoHiXkZy99CUvWXgeWg6w29P57Te3V5Wr72ieHLDVRcw41ec88qn2IdzDIRod/E0XMD75zr5Ym8fyRgnMP8SLJvblRXkIiy8bePLtEOIH2Zg60KD6ZXC1POkOqisbh/ox5A+/TwEb8TSeaGIOzetlgP+QD2HzOP2pL5vq+k/FtzGhNb/FIiTDZ2tM7rPb/FqHbiBf99rXrjfJbsCSyW7rx4WfncXTtVxx7ZEPn1nXCzS2nlZBN/HoPkmzT1gb3YSywZ7DuRy2nrI3Y7OPE/9A9NkPGgN6CNDCSQfqjat+9cuArWDqoyMwTjEHV+J5vobjK97HoLlmD9LDP7TyyU22PRTdHmpP6MYwUCdDXzYbszIEjSdatk9BslPPMdA/fdnbCzvQFitjxa8PGP9eZiLAj68x0zXXy+bDlsvL/9Z+P13phnOhnj982eLa3r76sPD5Owp0+EuMZNlMP8QfovN/7+NEfmy/cLLlqNey2OLDFqPPvbkLk199Xw7awCsm7OaLPpCM/AD080us13EteqxRdsqpYqWOB29zUx/96Yba+OnWbt/poO1TY+34riW4ftA+ABaRySqZXFQ8aXUQdHB0CHHAdLjEI1FcfBy6gGQETXiTLjnwtkhLnj3s+ZVTD0AL01G7Okhu3z6EEhjk995/YHPwEY2n1d/zPd+zvg7htRljd3H1hKsvKHr69KpXvWqN2fOe97y1pAuPJ2J+scPC88SKPgv1537u51YeF1C29mjBiq+F2M2QxaUUV+PMd3NDp/oxxEMXOXrEO3qxb1NDi85vNP3GctvtDsfbhQ8//7/0S5+w+Ly9yuJCtT6dXw7kj79je1L31Kc+ZYnlX1hzx6+k/KflwO4TABuGsThU6INu4JRtMnw4hvs5w7+HdOHXLwbiy0+HFaX5w9NNi3EYG91osA1ULLKZf2Sal1NAHpABdKVvjukyuIxH//RzQn3H+icUs1NATzzpjVZcyrtTmD/HsDirZ2vPA+g6FV+ozac5n1AdzXzjs9bp86mUPVDeAJ/WeKrt6bMHEF/7tV+zHobXp2rLDaaDBCCb3g0byzZmOu2x1iNb5arc8xOgXh2x17jQykm+4YXadOrvwk9nMOv5AKLPflAs0ENw4fvFPNc/xxa9+ilgC4jx1KME6TdO0FoUG/QpfwrwgsY2/ZRL5O3f9Frf9gLzaE7EN7/yM9yPu3aw54HaQfU9bbaPAR76+ZRf0Se2xxer9id9/MnHY6g/BGj78Xx2dXfhOe9nyx+h8YX57beqN5p4rr8ysrSBJ8variPWCqp4h+YbVgfWAPljuPm6re1DvkN2GZv99a3jWg7a/M5u/ugD7Wfkqouz/YJ/6PHqm7EyF8lANLrLTe29T9XpJus84kbcK2fa6b+W4PpB+wBIkibcYfCNb3zj+oU3rzD4eMITTr+TjU9ylHiSw8Zkkh0C95NdwuwTZ8K+DeIFyuSD2tGU6S5hJTSIXjKGaG3g2slBQKdF5hDmlQ7J7XDootcrBhLfE1wHT0n/Qz/0Q+vFzpN/vzEubvSgeQqMj34l+7/4i7+4bj7QU2v28kE/2RamUswbD3+Lvwv/toltP18YzyFMt7HvNwU2tDtUgg6WbLv4GIu5/qrlcHz3PXef/f5HPrIeUPU7cODxiyJ0/v7vf2TVeccdj1sODF++HhrEEzhIy687FyyfjB9PcWOnjUT7GOpvDABtD3Ps1RsXVHfAAWwC/qBru/kUExdh8hOKG6yenUNIZ3Ig//WhQfXL4DIe/cYWFBf0xq9+KF4TGtMpoC+exhNN/K5mHpPl0zEM0o9WCdKjPBVf/WjiowRznHjNubZ5xyc3HYrnnvdby423T6h86uW1sI9//E+W9b19Gdha8FTsoeXg3U+Mibk6WE0t/7v9sX6PfvtUBfikx35Bv/3Xdzw81bYPtc/ah+Ur/8TWntLaagxg1osViD77Af/woIcALaQHvVhqT7nmGv0UiCl5/CAdIN30GSuwHgF+9PIX3ynAA9MN8l+pz40Kf8yDvdhcaOvDA9gNwTaXFz4DbfxhdsN8gXs4RDsGeOmfcYo+9dvn9fELiGX+8ycfj2FQfdKv2F9MK+U5Gr0Ozxc/7bqN27XD2gFuMje+8yfa6zF780kbqsNssnHpQfvC5S0mcIF0bbjFQn+Y/NrP35VjG29y6uJnDVp7fCn26NrFO/5KuMZoiT1eqK1fnjVmfHj0gfzDR7e+9oQeUBWrawmuH7QPgEk1wTZrvxThz6p7L9AX+L7lW75l3cAdfjqI2IRaMJKAvOSjQ1t5COqfPMd4JyQTsgdr0wFLVokrAdEkICwZQ30uoFMuenoBOpqLH719KclFWOK7mHpH029je9LdgZw8WYvPonI4dyh3wOSbC7N40knGhsNOkA8tOqV5aFE2Jm2ybVhsJXsIG5/5aqNAox8ddAhHz56ymwEH5Ccuh+p77r3n7I/PbzTI+AuRLlhi4xvfdNpc+eq1EW3yYubAshg8e/e7373qxcdGX1gk01j4cQr5pwwaxwT646tfvTmH7LtZacz4+LCNbdtA+T9zb68HoKfzEOIF9ADt5NGak8vgMh46GwfMXj7UN8dzCJM7BfThrR6ilcMdUE8h3y7D5qf5hBO0p99TN1rjpQdGN8d8TZ+ny/r1ke/wpc229fiEL33C0va+/3YAlud/uqwBfxnPX3xE23KPrW0dXfyhjM2Pu+7aftHGIQ+i2WPQxExOWmMfWW5qra3WC3/zDT/6pvci/2fduPCC6LMfGBce9BCgTURvz6DXuND5Y800N8dAn7VERzGfc0oPOqAP4AfZxQvy8Rg0JkBvCLJLp33JnJqDbLX2+dDYpr/4ikc+VQf4YHFTPwTH6McAPxuNZW8vfe1bxWrvP5gyhzC/Q5DdNSYP2SOXQ6bfg/dJztK//dVTc0nWnHlQJFZbrH1BEqR7/Vm+RZd6Y2l8+DeZC99PIZ0TovGn9b7M0Ko/nLK9o51dgEfdddP1D4rt1Mk/iJcedPmhb43TeT89eAD5dKSnMedbvpPVNw/a2vrIXUtw/aB9AEySp5K++Ojg47Dk/UC/cuFA1Du7Jloy2PglgkOjA1lg0iUGffuJr01u9sW75w9KNlibjr2tEraktQjQ14Wz4KzXdtBVJxM9GyW7MVssLmTaDsgWmQWH7ouRnvbbpNl0IPfKiPjR4X1u6JMCr0aQoxMfHhdH/nYIyU/lHh1AlfmnhNNnPiiPIXnQQRugzf4uHlBsAj6KgY9Zt5uvL1nz47HL2P20mVdk/sN/+PDZfffetz79A4973HYooNcme+ttt549djmwoCm/8iu+Yr1RkXN+p91Tu57UdTjmV/4cQrobFygmE+QsOv8hINsGxw4e8+hARZ8554uYxltOZGPqgOSK4zEk03ylA+qb83AZXMaj37iylc/R88OYlMfwaiBd1UO0Ym4PYfcY4gf8O4b4xDn90ae/2uBUfPHRQx+6OTXP5Qaa+ZcP9etr3VgjT3zCE9c16UDuy154/eTfJ5dc9r6/hxXWjAvi5vcyTn4s6JDtqR70O9rZp5tvclG8+Oom3Wsr9hG2XGjdkOIzrvKVLYAezDoe/CD67AfNA3oIiiGkh1/ioZxzom0srYVjkL/FVZseCNCi4wEdWtD5hVd7P4Y95Bu+6Xc29fPFXgzFXp/5kAPNOd7pF3/yiT766VKGYB87dOUeoid3CuJjN9vRQzRjAGyD4q1drKfMIdz7DouhUu7LYTFqrvxEnk9uFpFzPy5+UhCPdt9d4Pr6RchznemFG+92s6OdT8ew17LAjMl28N9udkHjCC/kl7EuB21/1TWbxVfd+nPtdgYA8mZepyDQlhtdd4yj+MTDHj45A5uPxp5v8STr0/MO2vU35msFHnUH7ZLFZDThJRVwWLaRewrrvWwfWdrEPc1u07HJN+kmXDLSA9FaiOlWD0o+fSUPXyQoXfjTDQ9B/u4xu1A7oKdknrqnfvWeWEHj7BAM2qDcZODzJMmhq3ep0d2IiJMLokO0A6iPeIENmpyf7vMHYhy06TR2vtHDbgdSYAz6YX7VbpxgH0+gjjZ5Z1zwkStu2njnPIB8iB+km5xxuSnzOoineX4b+47HOmjfv75z/f8tfXfdfdf6hwHWj8sdrpd42Yxuu/229eNEG6rDOJovdYiB+DpIOJz41IA+vsHGwaf843N0PikdOPSJs7nidzxK42lM0WbZhROihXygW92TRb6luzkCdLfe0OnRl938jxefNh6lNnr1+JMBzYsyuxPQJ2jTlb6gupJ+5USAboxBfsSTH7D5CNDYlDdigrebdfRsqjfm5NNdn3b9ycU3y6C4oENyxXjq4zNMZ37ghWjmHuRP87vaWMLhr+BtN4bLYWahOXB4mn3XXXcuebkdLvw6D143mtr+Yur6U2YL3rrod/PJFj32DLasDTkH0NyAupHV5yY3v4ytPAvo2pfVi0GxhfrQIYgO0dgI9zzFlg/6zC+MDyR3SBbgJw/w8ActvXiBtr7yaepsjPGi55s5JmOfQJOH+nsyKRZijQ9oW+PHDkZ8ild/scwXwE72o8cHlPkMJyQLZn/6IF17Wf1sZS8b2vWB2RaXdGjHM22i0TX1Tb71V0fWOBjbEqMlNuuXHM9j5GbS72anqz9q44bT9WHVYU7HmA4hWXGf48yPYP2z63CxyYYn09tPzN66XnvQHcbd8NJzwyK/6jv/t8l+5uz+JVcaMzTP8sEahfy1BuUCpGPC9Je8unkDzR1auYSHXjbQs8uGNv/JOaM4n/mL3POgfa3Bo+6g3UZgQoGJNDESw+HGAfud73zn+iU/d2o2oZ6YmFwTDR3ISxiTS35uOGj61+SVuOd87EOJyY/k1sRfyhIKpiegA6azTWZitkA+sBNNfW6GU786ujGLiyRGs+nmmz43Hy50Ln6eXvvik9c9lGLj8CWWnsrazC0Yh0WHa3Ty4sdXOrpQ8p+fbmSyjUdM4RwfNI5k1PHH1/j4y/cwebz6088+X8zDtFP8jEMJ0NjDYx7dUNzxuDs2vef8PjLEZyPz6yN/sByYbbZigW6T85vDZsUhnD50dpR9bMsXbZA9PKC4oONZ7S7IhrGS1yfWaPwzTmWg3lhBcYFsawN2xMfNppjSo8+Fme/rheHcT8APNIgPv9iygx+CbOe7NltkigU5+Yimf84PWv4ac4AeVM8nJdpE8s0p+yC6MrvTdhjv5Ber5gawWZyyL45dTJIvZvROP5KnXx+9sL7sQpBvkw8PiDbp6o1tQmOG9OV7upOho3H40+res77/gfvX9e5dVZ/y2EP97OV/XPYOvOuT6+WQYX4dstXxuenuk5RQLMjIZTr9qpHYiTOb+gC/ikWgXnvSQfzG1diAcbGprxwGxhqSBXigdnJKMjPXwZQHyUI0Plgr6csvfXTWR3f89Gvrh/sxgfyyRvS7WREzsRVvOtzUe0CCV26Sbf9u/yObHm3xh2TECZ+Sb3jLZW0y+ED+NZaJE8iSIQ/iB40JNkf4gRKmc8Ys34B688Wfed0JQTrSK1740fNh9nl9avFi1euvpZo3fwF1EVjktrXSuBbSIic+W1zp9ITbtSSgN3/INXZlduGE1efFR0/H6XKd8ToLmcct86tc52fhXQ/YK56Pm75NyTru1lc+sGX821i3uFjfcsFYJ7LDF0gWP9/LGzr4QV+xlJ+uq9b7uj8sfXxQB2QBmvOZXy1zBqGbjWsNHnUHbZPYBVlymGgIPGn1E35+XUTdZPoLfl6HsBlJBhMrYSxIk1oCQW1JE9JbYjb58QI0PHxSJ1/C8Q1dGf8xuKw/yMf46c43flgobi60HZaN37j9fI4n1jZhr9O40PVU/0lPetLnJLdNWWyMAXawdjCnU1+xY9NCbMHRR4/5WTeAMT/o2hPiVdIHxCxdYM51NLwhmHrxoOd/PJV0A222zLObiG4W5pxB/C5mLlyefHfB4nOIpw1WjOhGc9jwOo0NxNzQ4b12XzbD7zUVdskVd/7YjMSUng5y+M2lUmzZvQzioae4KANjpRMf2+Y6H5o75azTwT495OgAxbp4AHpAc4g3xIM3/dXB9BFEV+pL5hDSA/GFIPohnHL5Zc7n+CfGZ46MkQ1j0hcYM1qxAtmA4Gp8g/TiFd/Jj44WPf/ihepo+OPLbqAf4GluAn3WhdyVz8bjBtwF1Osk9hRydOoDcgHIYzLkrRvrxydk9mYgxmI4L+ZkxRSWN9PfWWeXbLFQ0lOOQfz7+EwM0otGDwT5M21UB+RCvlir3YB1wNDHl+rtIcWaLmMlpx0f0JfdePmjZI8Oa9Y8mBMxtd8rgbHTVwyKj5Ke+rNJr36lPnOqhPrjIc/n+C6DdOzHFtDX+EC8fOSDUv8pIIM3/6a+fG/+pg+NF40Orw16oq1O/Ersb1h4PFleDuEOwNsa32KAL5tUOxyvlXMb5UzlpJ+C6WfzxF+5hVZ8ilFzSi79fLJm0eSFswC0NukiQ69Ps10PXJP0sWGMdMBylJ7mMf/lvZxHB+rOIl270NH4BspBfvgumJ9b9hBILsvraw0edQftmXgBmkR717vetX7x0dNsE9kfS3DQwWMjMtGSzaSnC6jrg5JC2SYOp70AnZ2SraSnSxK1EZV8XyjkY363kPIPWgheWfCesIOTw5zxehfbax9+PeSpT33qesf53d/93etTaodtsUEzBqVxKB2yyfY021imXTGyIMVh+hRfm08+TkAnj25coAUIjJMcSBZtH4cJ6JD9NhCy8aYbD1t4HLQt+DYVgB9vhwWbgI2DPnGxcWnbGIBxlC+NwSHCDQ0kbx4cxB1Q6KcLsKGPPLkO/eaAfr7SRQeweRnTPp57aNwhqNRH51wbvavPr/j4w5fGhD5jDI0ZHTZ+oI8dcdVHPsQ3/VenE9+eHoL6j2G68wcCtD0ek4XNJdBXCdHxmrfmMFmARwy0HaqSQYPa/Co+yZ0C/OID8EOyzQXUnrqhevTL4puP1YF2uWcd6JOX9k8HZ/mMh27rQm6+7W1vW/cZh2o3lQ7WPmlUel3EenMYtFeV8/TyzXps3bIL0INZJ0NeCQG/6Qv5VZwnTqAzvfqKLyDLH+3Zl45ks2M9+ZKnQ4vDL/9gh2C6xA80dvqsEf1ADA/5ow7ZwS//6PLkUEzxiKube3NCR7HkH0BnV8kO+Q7+fKFXH2jsZBsfwJeebJyC4gPVGxswHm12q097oTaeU0DWeJp7SCdId3R1tNqg8d57Hpf8Fdft/extX3HQXiqrP5tP27xsura40+UpNPqcu+qTdhnEU0zYMffo5dLkMYbQHCvNMV8dpD30gdYzP+jAZz0Wa21r3DXBtc7ruPSQ008fueLDPjob5TEe0PWMbsD3ZDzNfuYzn7m+colmD7HuG8+1Ao/Kd7Rhm4HJd+Dxhb1//+///fqHVfwcncnzCyM2HTwSxSFCEjh8OjRKEnpMcBM/QXKgQbwhQCMj6ZWSjF9sgc9nI7rapKKLnb0PIXBB8/vYDtWe5tvsXeBcFF38LCbvEP/Nv/k315889NchxU5y02vDFifxcrh2yPY02wIAFpJxtTkZp4WzbTibj3yp3DafLUb7cRYjdOOKlu45VoBPG9YXTtBnUbdp0BfP1M0WHmOWE9rJTv7GbFMwDhuPw3I/hWhTAnLLTQteOmxUHVzptrGJP53yjw65ayOi2yZI1lywky+gGIX7WJ6CfYzIQuNiW35CetkFctmco/EJfc49fhspHvRirDRW+vmuJIN/+gC06S/e6tEB2fKmUp/yGOKD+EIQHbID9VUGkz/f4t/zmidxAsZNBvCjGJj/2jAeehu3fuUxrJ990DjQp2/a6ddOf/zaAA3EP0uQPmBc1ndr3JgdupXx4ZHr1oLSniufzbsDplca3PxbL+JF1oGQvmk30IbkQf6CWcfDdrHki/49P0wnDGZfMurFC9Ard2ecps/pAG6o7bXPfvaz17+865NU60NMjNehRRz5Sb7x54P8YK+cmvamTWMWG3rE3MMQMg5B7OhLb/6ro7GhX2n92rvav9DNzYwpPnbJF19tPPHRfwrI4SMLyDcWtOh48IYBv9lSnoLsNM5ksgUOtfHxwTjEUVz8Vcj1D9ac89DnXejtC7/bOiqO23i2eUmX97YdtLMX7tvwFEwZ/hkfG2wD/rquuPbg049m35F3odzoaTUkQwdf8ZKRm+ygpcP6dY2C4mttFyt9coceuS/3nC16Ws4fOe7LjmjFR50u+unzC2ceiqJZL66Rl8XlvzY86g7aJlfimEhJ5RD4hje8YX2S7TBpwv0FQx9HSCiJ0AXAJJdMEskikQhwLswQHUgsSVAJ5gIoOdsotOmD2mzpP4bpuAzw5gcgk6/qLmS+VOCG47nPfe7604YOdGT8NUeLzbd7/8bf+Bsrz4/8yI+sv33tqb9DtQOnGDicuzA6tHsCJYbi3QW2RU4vfrTiCir5pb+47seIXozFzrjiVY8Gp3y06mDqRuMbpCMbgH68+syPfjcVFrw+bfNlI5k6tB3Gtbs4zY3ZRVSsxUIfGRsJutxj02ZoE4HFiw798tomQx+68UI+gjY9/Gw07lNQnCavOv0Q0MdXc2ojNsfiwF5P7Y2LX+j5Xw7Qp06f+vSZXnTxNzZtMGMaNu4gH2GxUJ/+H8LJF4J0QLZgY8+f5jvEk5/KyUuv+cSjPu2C8kwu6NNWAjx7W+k/hMnhA9rZSz4fJu+e3zgCsmH9dBQbSB7dfOLLb217qzxUR7eGuhj7UrW9hozxWx/q1o/Dp/2mNYKfPMiWfCmnQP1gX4f05HM6QSU9YZAsnHT14gHoEzft2ZdMOtiyjj2Z80TfNchfIG7fdFPtINLaJS8nyPGbDfTs6T9mjw5gfXqaza7Di5t882LtkqEbTnviC/VPu/rsSWKPlx9KOY4/+5WAbvLKU0AXG4D8ofjxuZyIF1+5oNR3Csg1V411+hug5XO+0C1PYa+N0KcvXXi51gGcT/o2uFh/xcVfvCEP64PR4GUw+fhIb3M1x6tuPsVQyQdy/OanNdentuTJAPLGDBx4fSLjsGytuh7I365bSjrpYM+1jby17u9x+L4Xefkp5wH78p5tvPxzreWj/YIda8bDUbrxlN/XEjwqXx2RKBafBPETaq95zWvWQyWahJoHIpuQydNnAtVtTiVcOBcAGwCNHijJ5yaAD+gDJa5+fdrJs3kKsn0Z0E3f9CE7xuApko9qJa4vGxmz8VssXhOxEVtM/HEQ/6f/9J+u70Z5b9tGJ55uXNyweArl4E7eIrNQLB5xs3jogHwQVwu/cSj5mF8zvhO06cJLl7HFV9yKL9pefoK+ZItTsWIj4AuIjscNhs0CTJuNA01s5I0NwnhtFrAbPhc9sfOxMX1o+aIsDh2mbSxy1WZGzkWZfvOAv001INOGeLUbUeMHlXRXorGnNH/GYq6LC5sO98amjs/8sw/lFzSubKkXbzR2yGQH5IO2ceKLFyih+IdTpv5DOHMgBFOXfUFs9zwB+enXIT48YiYuzTWIP1v6lAC9fpDM1HsIZjxBusnnIxD76IBe9eh8BWgwPVMGj9iUe8nSpc9DCxdYPpHJhtzkh4uxT9Psy27eXUyBvOqJmrhZB2xM/+lhrz0m+ozPoVjt5yqgD87xATwTZ1/8ENDNz3TUl0w6gD3S6zI97PD6iLy3h/ZLROIwc4bsvm0c6mIx5zRbYkNnnz7al+39Yku2fSJIFzklyA7d6MW8PqjP+iavni/Tn33MD0E86YDk55j4LAbpmrz5bd2eArJ0TBl6AvbA9DmaORBLuP7Sx0rd/Cg+9C0S629W05H+xrCNyZrf9k6a9cPGWzvaZYBvs/u5uWhe2GRHXvWgRozotT/LR4dc2E9ytvcFxkGH0hsA1i/Zi/FucQ34wDagy5r+5m/+5vXBpk/QuwFQiqV55Ye2vUDOtgaA66DzCv+KUXl4LcGj9suQEsOTV7+T7ZBt8/e0pIOkjWgmMxkJok9iHppMOkvmFpL2RPRAQuHFR1/29okJT0EJdhnQy376ybAZGp+E9iTagnFws8ie8pSnrAdJm7F+fA7i7j77+T5PsPF7MuWQLX70WxSQnHE2RgvFQtPujld/4+CjOtqU24M+UMzjE7M9LWz8yuzgCesrVnOus6dPTrAjj1yk8GrTJ0aQbHQx0TbW7vTTTZ+NzpMrB1MbX5ue2LV5oeHt3W268p+9ctumJKfFOfniqOTTZcDnQ3zZU8LGxy66MbHpAs5uNvW3KYfpr548KJbGRK4+2Fj0B3SA/NI/EQ1P/aeQLyGYeqavkC8wvyCgZ8pNfiX+DgjaoDju9aDVx/bUHe8pJEMWJJdemD686oE6Gl9d+KLFPxGkD5Izd0ptuQsBfc1vN+B0yBtPtP2CkcOlm1EXWmvFGBzUrZHyqnFBkG9QH6gEs46HH8qATrRQe/YDOiYaX4CXDATGaB9KT33pTEdjMF7j83G5fUBcrOs+7cJrH7Ee6EhOHS/IHuSbMjvQHNBNj/2jj+bRzTE9/MZLtljQlU39+vCas2yXo9nnS3rwwHSh6cN/CuonE5INGlc2IT+LMXnIl1NAR+PKztQD6GmME8yHeIqfV0Q2H7Z8WscMF31Lhiy4HXC3cZyvzc8uc7j8I9tBuz/XPnE/tssAPwT8bh+VU8aQ3+ZeP738lRdywkNHJRl8kBweOgBZeuSuGGvb1/B2iFfi6ZrIFh2eZD/jGc9YD9na6PIJFs8+/ZKzrrV4gPOIm9LePgB0X21s/mvCo+6gbRIkig3bIdEXHz0RtNn76MLfzJcQkt9hyMRJHjgXHx2wRQ7jgyUSHvUwKBnYohOvEkyd2TkFLb7LIH1KQKaFqM6+p9EWCTT+Pgrin4MgcKj2LrvDnAsgmZ4+qUMLqkUqhtmd47Yg2e6gjS8esconeGiMeIuZmLMRH3k0oI2Od+rYx2H268tnfgV46is33GXLH/T4bQywzQg4GKOx0fjJ04lucxF3m5IYiide89BmI1Z0mgsHafPSx+k2OrbR3fTIcX56auBGif58vxpoDkAlqM4WX/C1KdKNxl825QD/jbGx8b0cI1PcyTYPoPlrA0ZnE6o31yH+6vr2CNiYMocQNJcQTD1o+KY/+VR9yqDXN+t0iIGx4dPmH4wPrTkzvvyfei5DkF6QX9Pe1KkOGmdjMFfa0fY45SDbcoEsG/yXg/ICvdyXt3I7e+RmTqHjL/flgzpefY0huyGf8ieYdf305Tvkz4xdYwqm/nCOXamdbeMwznjqiz8dwLjwVvIF6C+G9gxxqT89fBVbkD39MF/oocMatLdo29vd2JDvCbc9WwnIz1ikgw209i027Gno+YvfWq/d3MH0pusUkKcLPznYmJr36DDQJ/7NAb5ToJ8MW9mYsaufvmjFxLyImbm58ebNz4W8/jY2v7ff0V5iskr6op+f9+t1Ero3u9r0P/DgA+cH8y2n6qsekj0FZIqJGJgjNHMAtAEf49Vnrswt1DY2B2YlPutPnzoadHOsDUFzC42Jv3JFieYa4Wm0g7Y9wUEavf2h9S8fnQ/0y1HXN/2eoPtk3WG9XJrzfy3BI+qgbZJsIi2SoM0J6JMwPprzU35KhyRfQPERhqRqAbVITSCkR1mSsnEo4bX1SWL82hKhjWLyTxpekDzUhwcturYSlMDhHrIjQb36YXGIRQsOsuuO0pcdjdHBzEKaT5okNrBBi59YO8j1PrYv1OhDtyggW/xvDCF9/Marr3iyjaa/sRYbkAw+2IWlMU5+9dpQHeA1XmVy8U+IZz8n2jMnumi5IemCgzc+CBonutjzf+ZHfgb04Mdng+mCZXMS2w6q0y/95s2nEA635skNkE8ZssEf/OJYDCCa+WojtMFFh4AMn5XFYD9GmEw2jcO8q6Ph57vY2TTZzDdAVr346JN//GE73+kC+OgTF7bww2D62XhPYeOjg14xVRoDOn2A/Ylz3PREB+lunpR4o0cD7LKFZv4B3gnZamzTTnOkjt64QT5ph9HpSlY9ner8gGzyrTlVoiVfTtZnLGwUt/yecVQ212T15T9eOtCnv80v+h7x0CVnsskXfXNuy/fsaOPLzvTVeuCjtrHRRQd57XjDCflPd/7QTy9ZPk2deGYbplefNl/Ky9YPGTj59VkX6tabvYAMHvt7N/+AP8VOyV8xxIvWHGkXt+T0KZNVQjB9qs+YyUA0/ezF0zzFLxaNSR1MO+h01JcNPPqa1ykfoMPijUeb/XQA/fSiq6PPccd/220XP2vnD9D4mwnaHZzJWUu33rp9gnzDjVu+eG1EnXtM9jvajU0c6Zmojy526ULLlznW+AH7eOS060rj1u/6AtmiF688o5sMvubeOaLDsNIvlcmX9grAL9dHeSdW5OUffjd582k2nfrog15jVeIh95u/+ZvrOcP1EL9XqzxgcsDXn73q1xJ87o7wMIcSpuQKWgASBdpwHEA8lXWh90TF3ZHDEl46SuAShk6Joq2uv0SWIGF98bOnTqfkkMD6A2397EL8AC25/NFWaqcHLZh+hIGk9pQTWCiNhU82XF9qdHDWJx4WjY8UbcIWhYN6d5QtBIvHu8E+6hTTFruDeovRmEDjyN/GpjRmvlhkdExoHM2dfkgv2fqLy4yTse1jjjfABy+DxkAHeW0lP/gM2MgePr6KMUy+emOho3rjEbueMinxiK9fdvFKjyfdaGzY1Nglaz6M34XTxuUnGJXmVmzNj/mzUcF5I0XeOPgX8Kk4Nk+N3bjzmW50fuQPoKs8wSuPPKmwxpRd3PHxx6dK8k+bPflDX7FEg2AfN6iOf843n/d8ZE9hPGzJe/F0oXDxESO6JkzZbMVTbu372SiGeNiKB/Ad6Bdf/PHVFy+e1kM2tMUxG+mmY/pUX7oBGgRoky6u2pXTz2zyAySbnXRqGxNedehiL0/yJV52zGd6yJBtXAA/P7I3x1c9HoierDZd5X5+ssEf9OKqP5/J0cleOZoNZTagduMgj59NetHZaS3Qx6Y2H8ikj1w2yPukyHpxQ01vY9cX5jvQFmcy6tZXB/DmAw1qA30QGEv60PgG6EpeHx9A/Pza68AbTp3lVbwhwHMIAZt7nP3pVsI934T40Isj1E4GVDYmJVqyaMk+4A/FLGMVJ3+efcbXU24H8M2vRe853Z9G58shvwM26e+BxcxX/HIGAn32f3uZuvmzp8kjIDfQgRyQg2zx1T5IPx7+kHPtmLnfWEF1feazWCrpLncAujOF85jrAFvG4/tdbLpWeEXEOpG7xZgOPqY/OtC+1uAR9US7CSjgkg6YhJLWJHoC62eUXNzxO1T2tLeFIwGmvMnTR7cEK6GPIcCDP0zP5GljOQb4WlBzMcMg3adAwhq7xeSQZdzQwc4X8Pzyygtf+ML1cC2xe9LBvgVmMTioW6jqDn/exUazOPhAb8k//WkM4tEYirE6P4qDtnnSV7vxVq/s4nMMQfzHsHmYNMDPEPCPrkkD4ik+4qUf0JFd0Pi11cPsxcuGMdmMXEDFUpzEF9psAF09mRKrNlN6tIunNl02U2izl/NkPQXAR5fNtLmA0dKXf8UqOhvRkoUT6GW3sckRmDzkT4dsdONWgsYA6E4G8FN8QPpBPoFZB3v/jgE+8REH/ir5hL4fc/VjsPch4LO+MH0z3uI3x5wuPMmLgzbUFhPl5EnuGBhrYyCn3RzllzoaxAPYNm+wHMqX9E379Z8CvMf0sKdsLqIfAvkgFukiy0e0xmBerSN0oNQ2HvzZ0WanuGSTjmP2J9Alfmw3pvRHq80HdqLXB/TRw0frhF/NHTQe+xGfsoMHbe7/ZMk1v/SHAK0+umZf9GIGisGMBZ4wX+C0BcnQiQcYd7aO6QDJgklHSwca3RCt/mDWARtoe93oED096HigWIizPlLes0bbeLd8nnzq89DZeIuB9q23bJ+QwsZGH0yPa4JPLs17fhpre622OXdo7SbLww4PFj2Icb2nQ36svi9+Zas6ffZoPHzuVY65NvQ5N6AVh2Je3vGpmzvjc830VBpNv2scHn1+rQz4fph+f63bq77FzJnNTzD3gwDFKN8rrxV4xL2jLTlCSSXgJh+iOWSbNAdtB0aT5JurJt0Em3ClBJEwwCSSRVM32XTjm/b2qB9/yJc9D/opyBeIf44HaIdg6o7OhoXglQLjQ1OXwOLhN1sl7Yte9KI1DnQXC4vE4doitdg8UfW6iDtOh2yLnC2L2p2u2GQ7f+iCYmYcFmBtfG34QJv9GXt9YbGE+PCfQnyH6CGYsYqWzxBke9KAGIntXOzxqtPd/KFpB/rjC/SjiaPxiVEbF7s2TJ/E2Ig6nBZjUOzoNCf8cpOltBl7qhG/Nr14zQH+Dif66Cru00ft+ujRF05ghy/GgNeYXOAbG2RPDNnD13jzDS/fXQzEpVxhF5+yeCmzG8w62Pu4hzkffJX/1oQ8t17oS+cc995mvoC9D0FyMD3TProYGC+MBvChaRcDmIxy8iR3DLrg48sPsvnSPKMrYbZC7WSS29uefcdg+pC96PxQyp1JPwR4pt/qcqaY6gfaeMRAqQ3woJEll130/FBXHvMhoJMueqbd8h9N7stjBw65Zg3Qz76+SnrkpQOPEi9/QL7gyTd6oLHJ6dZ5sU0GgujB7J90viSzh8mnvrfF31C7cQJxaU6SPeRTEL1SH3m60eiGaPUHsw7YQcsvMH2ob9LpNYfmFphLX3Ksf/vT6j7tm+vJQXv7BG5rbzrxA6+N0BM/yCfl9K9YmVNIbvNh+wKjHNH2sMX7zN5r9itiDrG9dsEPPObU9YyM8egrV9iLTx/d+NXll09g5W+xJ6PP3ik++doYfHLu+0XJdYaw13uQJ7/5q+7HF5w3+ON65meG/dl1B24+0adPHForM3Z/3vCIOmibQEGGtQW75HUwee9733v267/+6+tTXMnhjs7TbMkjcSQEGQmRnuRLHklBtkQ/BvGH9JIJQbqPAR2QP4COkj0oodKLH6BDCeiQ7JBlsXWwkcD+6IwF98pXvnJddGTFycc4bkTI9LEReq/baNMBLESbvYXC1hxf9RYfbGGIb+MhB7RbyOrioy9sTDOmp/AynvybNJCvELBN16QBseygze/8xAvwGjs8NGezxFNeaZfL6m1EbPmYzVzIV330wnjMD7vmxJNxH/N1SAQ2KjeadPHT/LkA95QLZLcxqSdPJnp84R4ae/3NB1m22OwGDZ8x2ZihDRdP75uTK4bsyhE+pad5yU8w6+CQjxPSJyZuKH1vwxemPTmx0aPTsdcL0MLGGf0QTF+qz7JcK6dAuuhH08ajDbXFMR/iSe4YsNdcxYuWvhnvQ4AXNm64h+iH+iawgacxxY9urEp5MOmHAA/+dKlbX8XLXEIgTnIQnb59f2Mv7+kA8R/zIaDHAws3bdYdkNf2WAcNNPblnOuRNW6dsstnvNYDsPYdULxOJj/lpfXdXNsD+Kluf0rOPkBnsYN4iikwnsYElNXBfi6CeOqvxKNO514W7nMV7P0ht9e7B/xTP73Zphei1R/MOmjs0wc60OuLns/WhoOpedK+bYm/PURdrLd3sX0xfqORM69yAh9gD+gDDy3tzzy0xSdf+BFe6N6e8IbogH45ZT+1N8qT5z3veWcvfvGL10O2LyF6PdFhV044B6mTNxbnBSVgRx8f6KVTDkL5xT90T8rlHr7mFa8zRDlPlzGKGVvyWp0ufMWHXLnqu2Pve9/71vjKZYdvvzPvhyvwsK+vtco2PeJ0rcAj8qAt0JJLsNVNnIRwyH7HO96x/rVCk2pz8hGKjY0sniaaHgjQgAlVl9wmlswpwE9XaOLJhMGk7XH2A/ZLVrRs0K0+FyY6fshf47PZ+4jHzcarX/3qsxe84AVnz3/+86/8ZquNv0O2AxsUKwuvd2npt6jF2MKCYsIvoD+Yvgdk8Ygvv+cGoU2Pfv6rQ/2NM76rQTKnIP+mDGA/BNmfNCCmNhF3381LOujF26aTL9PW5AXNl9i0edNbnMVKW2ljQSvXixM5evXlt5INcjZYF/J08I+d5gM/nG2Qj9ps6SOrhAG+0Pgr8dqQ1fGzzXc3KfmarjZ0OamcMVefeowD0g/yE8w6mH4eAnroZtfTEj/9+ZKXvGRdLz5qNd/FJdiPFRaf+k8Bvolg6hQXGB3MOcXTnGnPfIsnuWOg37hg4wDqaM2HNuBnNvMvH/VlM8Q3x3cK8E/9yaDn29XEF085Qc/MP76mw/jyUVkM9MkHZft945wxVl6G8slBxP7psE2nPdW+63qEZm/26arfEPfww4OQ9li86ubAbwb7FNKhyd8w8Ffx3Igam8M0//iLRifbaG5o7VPG1jzu4VC8460P3fjRG18yyhAU/0lLJ7liX1zx1KeOxm6QPQjSWxuo5186YL7seSc0n/kA6EDPj/q05Yc9wTWSfnvaTTc5PPNB3IyjPL4Y+wMPbAdD8ukE2aDr3mWuiw/QZxzyFhabKUOPkk+u3Q6ifujB4dq13gFbDjQm1208zkBy0U0fv7quyTd5JAeV7X9KOcaetmtO3+liXy5CPjhL6KfXJ+nGHN0B25ce/SiFP4rHJ3rwGp9P3N/ylrdcecjBpifyzizz9cdiD7TpMcZrBR5RB22BlYBtjlBCmDCvOrzxjW9cv7xnQiSHSXdXJMlKIBsVkCQmD5CnS8Krk9cPsnMIybcQmng6JqKdgnThBfTkD/0zqUo4ZbwtSpu88drA/dqKJ5r+1LpXRl72spetfyRCwnui0qbdQvG6iFcVlGJkcYqTjdvCKt7sZntCY8h3/PykC10bPV7+KtHyfx8/dorDMQySOYZgL9dYGg9bfJg00Ibkjp+fwV6eXray0XhAfpB3wS0/zYONpTgAsbLpgeRcSG1ELuIO0PR6UkCOnjZEpT42bLZygi12yLtY4G+esq097dWvNI+NA8QTTige6Whe4+UL32z8csy4HDD4Js/wyEk+0sMuHVC9WE+7sw6mr4fAmPkhxtaIi9PrXve6da30jqCx05su9bDxtSbqPwToeKA4HNIH2YP1geZAm03tYmlOlJMnuWOQXLL5FV3M5Xq+0pvNeGG6YLEAycVzCrI/9UdPZ3MefQ9ofMSfLvX2dX3QuORZ+7lSWx7QIRfYQidfzs44gUM+TPBQx8HZtUZO43eocZBwUHbosKfah/028L/7d/9uPXTzpf3FOmXbd2Pkpb9m7HU/eUlWznVz3sMRMvw2jnJyrp/8r944ihdeNG3xwoPe+Oe49eGr1CdutUEydKRH2XzkAySTvikboqebjkBfevWnG63+YNZBfpOtLxsQ1Cee0ByZP/rtG/rvPT+I+vKjP7nuVRF/Vh3tvvt8Qfz0O9p03bfoDaYPxqIkIzfEuAMxv+z9rs1Kr1f84A/+4HrOcf2nh7/mtTUE5YcHHm7i5Ch5duj0gM05wKEYyDXjLJ/YNn75jJY/xkpeLrKpr4M4mlxtvPTw197PNjq7nmRbI8bl2uBw7bzi753gIxcYT5DeawUece9oA5PSBJhwE2xSfQThsGgyJYPSwdMEOmBKBkkkgTt40yPhALrJtEDIA/3HkLwJD9H4NvEyYHsmEB10kZWwktn40LRDgKavi4NF1yHbXe4P//APrz/27qmdxeWjSAsXehJi8YgXtGmzZTH0SgLdIJvi05iU+doYpi9iU3zRi7E2nrA+MnSyEerHfwwBmcsQ7OWmHZAPkwY6aDu08kdfY5vzoG9edELAB3LaNjC2yMpd/G1qdJoDepQALx/Mkdd6vBKFhl8+2+g6IOW3+fMKkYt3G6o+NtlIjg4+zZjwVZvM1AlmTCfGbzO3dpT0smcs7CnR+GYN4ktnfuCLl86pa+9HMOugsRyD4in21oQ/aOVpkCeHPgnQx1Z6GiMsPkq+TZ5DkB7+hyAdEPAJgnThRYs3eW1xVU6e5I6B/AzIiTkkP8eBhjc6282juj58+a+ODz9MzylIpjFN++lkZ9IPAXv406POT/7qK6+06ZJLSnzJOxi0dtHRkkk3uGxM1quDiHXqQMOOg4uDg4Mzmj1XznkY5ONxD4fkkfXvYKIu/x2GPPWWlw7knkR2wKbX2rUnWcv8t9aziZ7f2sYD1YFxQWOubmz48cVD9xwz+T3qb61mD6DzAdKjnDmlHyY3Y5xc/fnPp0CfNr5DPPqDWQdsZae+6Yd6PvDZnIipQyGa66LfzvbqR/I33ih2rnvb2Dbd2697yEGABhqr10YAv7MNkm8O5IN5N+f2LGca7y974gvliNfeelCB36G5uNBrjoA6mlyRU270unGgm83ykTz70J44rxf8QaOXPbJskyVHj5gBa8K+6lUoNwMeAPVwpb8O63pAxifxf/2v//X15tK1iy36GgsedtSvNXjEHbRNvEnvzsmk20AtChuYw6MJl2wu6hJKv82OnCQyWW2sgCxoEsmzA5roPQI8kiFEp2PiZcA2zBc66CJrfHBeMCBefHxN3ub80z/90+tTfQn98pe/fB2/p9h4lQ5dxi1G4uHg1p9Rpws/NP58wl+s+NTYlflKdiIgIz54+B9dO58hOh0BO42xC+MxjH/Ge4/gmFwI8mPSgA2lgzYeffwzNvrpKwZysboyW/jIkREXbfVy18Yn5tkmq+0Cal5trnSxS1ZJ1ibHP/zmrTjbuLpw0wG7cSLXDdbczPITNgb0YlFfGK1+tvjAjrUJ8jE92satTpYNvvUU0GHCePSJi7WqBOT4BbIPZh00lmMgdoBte4QY+KSgJ4rk9QWNUTnrxjjjdgjwFst9nPVBoD+b6UouXm2oXR5MnuSOgTjmAxlrr3yJDluXaIAtOWvu+GGewfQfb76Ay3zRz1Zy+7go+TDph4A9/qWLbHuVPnNkLagbv9xUatMvvzqgGB9d+uiSb0AdHPMhoFeuWwN8AHTLKXbR6NZ22Oj6RC+74traoMd+Y53Ky/lksAMOoN9TTHuEPYQevOLROCrRsgXNPVtsouODoDgGZCdOffii5SM6HdlTllfJwWTQphxMZ/43HyC98eU7Wv3BrAO6slPfMf/FCIppB235dPvty83ZQjce72WbB7lkDr1W4kuR/JUT5AFZkI1V/8q7rbXigk4WGk/+ukYDr7c5iPoEzkM0+ydZCJQ9yBATsmh0uY4ZS+NwXXEIbm/IF2vB9cONYfPLH3S8dKHTrURnywNNecu2PHejqZ9d/qvTwwdnD9+NodtNJ3tkX/GKV6xntmyyRTcoLsX0WoLHLME4vUM8zECgXZRtMDYrCS4h/vE//sfr3b9NzNNrr0L85E/+5DpREgivCZIEJtqGBSSWiTSx6uEMm8TU3iMddMN0zIWCR99lwF5JTs5GKynRSiptY1DauPVJzDbWN73pTSvNE3x3uOKAV78Y8FXdAcs7gw4X4sYeu/zPnjHMMQP9+Bpf/NHxJQPYtgC16bQZtfjxA4u9mKWrRWlB68snmFy28LvAqBsje7A+stHYdmGjF7BjM2BLPLsBwyv+jUPM5ZMNjr5sQ/X4QHPFbwjqV7ZBGYd+NPXGFg/dAI9xAHL6IH5+25z0ezLh5qoNyjx3gS9Xio859xTBjZbvNBi3PxjgfWUxgfj5YJ0pPWnoSQRZ+vGYP37LB3EVY6gPNJYuEjN+5PAq+SU/+eZwIeZ46DRn6VTHD9iEQB/e5las6GMfvxg1J8UYaouTcXRIQgPsw8YA6ArRZl5q8wd/vGxldwI6IMPXyVMfQDM2OHXseejJx2NAZsqBvU06xCqMVrxAB9Po6Q2LCcgnZf2B+BjXjJ0y23v+YNLUs0fWnEP08iE9xsrWjKN282QeWmPJxE93c5AeeSNf2LOGyPKbPF5ABx/0obVO5DuZePOBvD4HFH3WnIOUOntQf7zGzQdr3BpBA9YbW/j4Tn4iWvudupIPfKEDGqd1iD5pU2eyQN8e0ptf2vmQf3DGID5QvIFxGyM5MUcng44mDvwB+VUZsnvfA8uh8Ibl2uCvOy7yi5Wzhz5zHpsHlfxarnfnsbh/4f/En3ziyl546zJ/+MndfH7Ivm3xy7ziJ7uMYN2bn/CEJ559yZd+yeqfWNpj2Nx4bzr7kmXf6ZU+MXBQNS/40OUB/Q6iPq2Gngzjm+NtvQHj3M8FGoi/2AG+2fPZ9Gnp2972tvUHFLxPDez9fMDjgYgn1HKyvdtciI0bEfmJpl8sXDeNW2z5SI/SWPlCZ+uHbj8/7AFhD7Xyu/Hs29cSPOKeaJugDkdNoMn0yoQDpIOXyZOkf+kv/aW13iKT4CbJxocmKSBaiA6bzNoh+7OdDhjEAyTM1L/HYG42kp8ObXR+S0p0Msbi4OedQHQfe4uHRShh1cl34bAAWgwWcO9p6+OfRdNhhn4+kNevjtYYq+NtbPnMXhsfJA/wGcO8GJBBq24eW7x4PH13oTEWaDFuG9QmD6bdfCVPDxkHKBuFu3Y0eSMOUF4YAx51ftPNj+krGQdAmxvdbATVK4vfIYi+j+nkrz5tmAcYPxv6i280IA78lRPiZ2zGUS4Am52xuFHtRq05I8sOuXnoJGs9dcC2xsQXzDmGZCAf851uNP3oZLTFWalf3NWBMeFVkjc/HYTJyIXygQx9fGyMxqM+4wbVYZu9fcMXc3q3VtzEp3gGZPiDThbyudjrA8YGs3U1kH/5lq/Rqp8CNi+Dq+XZ248OtZvDoL6Q3D5+e/7GRZd6eTLly6tjkE5zkU/mpDlP99STDDoEaNmffqSjWMgn+cY3e6fDhE8DrSN9eORP+4m2XLJmrBc5Sa9DVQ+D5HB7j3HQC43Dum3Pkaf47UP8svb4AhtnwIYxw8ZD36ThoZ/uCfSgKSG/tEO0GS8w+Q8h/yAgm/ws0xEkO4HvYk+mtUdv4xILukAlUE/XZ85tPuaGc/2PWfZzPMs/fcTQHYLL4fvv3/Ye71yjtfa12W8/UO8n/6gWOzH25PuzCy+7+OzLHZT/03I9lgNyif/m2fW5843ruXf1fc/qWc961vowxUFXXhk/naD4gn3cwObTxV4yebT5yR6/6DI+Zft8B3+5zU/8AJ3Pclbuy/VuGow1u+UqaN7yHZ9PbbyT/ZznPOfKE/Zkp6/79rUEj7iDtoUjiSWoCYM2PL8a4IIpafGYcN/atpGZHJuh0gS3+Eo6iAb1w2jx7+vBPnHjCfRfBvkA2jjoSDedxqstyR2QjFWSOmR7CugLBA4LkrzNm5zSIvGE39NIh0wbdheHFg5d2mRA42QfPRRvvEptwF/62FJq0wPxsNHdLH3Fh694yQG8Frl+/F0g6LSoLWaL2uKGaHRki25t45ljokdMIF3ZCNkwHn4mk582D7Z8zEb3McBPxynIHl6Yncqg/mNoDEqbtTgZe0+D+avfOGDxQWMbv83eOvEN9eKIp81SfMiKId/Mjz71boD08SF/jR2qF9PmTwnIs4OGTxsv/cnyl4/ynQ/4XXjMOx79+jp0k8HDBky/EmQHkqcz/zos+bKaT3pcxPYyU5btkK30KUE24699DOI7hXz5YgFdxxCIyxwzOloI0Ge7MsjvCXseevc2xEqJRt78aB9DEC9AowM2Jrifg+gBObbKmeQbh7m2duRavA4c8sZNvDXX4dqhRJ7KTzrQrBVr03rR5/DigYfDhbWXDeuLjBKwB1zH8NPBtw5q5R0ZdH7xk805lonFTt36Eb8AfYK2HG+eIFvpiD8fTiGYclMepPsUGJM48X36hQ6bHzB1zzrwfrVfCVk8uIjL8u+GheZdazoXrpV+33LIvmeZj21/ZN9DmG1P4q85gOuesMTBQdt72vR7Iu7pN/M9/DA/fL333u3hzV133nXloQYbbqaU9iEHT7+G5GGhT6m9649XvCdcTeyuFoxFfrrWeQDh0Cvf+OTcIH/ZM142uy40NvOiXkzw2Mv5rURrPqwHdjytdxPhab063m0OHl7wiDpomyRoIkym0uR6qf5d73rXOsneV8PjCZz3mCQJPolg4iW6Em0mKJkWHtSfvRB9ttORnujB7DsGs3/an3qAJLU527htvpLet9EtDE9V3PlaFDZaG7gDU3WHck/7HbjJoQMxtEHRPaFxQP4Z5x4bW3xteMU3pDs75PSbi3SbH75atNCmhAZ6impelfrq74IC0PQbGxQfF0AXKDcXxm+jIMdum5U4sylukK98o49+dTLQprDf5CYYy6n+CfsYwmDSjqFx89UFXclXGze0HoC5Fje8xsyeOTAX2sbmoGD8LtzGZ5w+PhQz/TZH9myKeOSaMTZ/bZ7iiI4XXZvdULsx60cDZLT5UH7Qpw71k2UPmhft7DQ27cbWRZgepb4w+0q6jde45JlSHPUlhxeCZOpnR5tNtsDkhY3zGOTT9HGPIL3H4LJ+cEj3REBPvucX2sTJO9tAXUzgBHwT8O1tmFclGvly7BSKffbJwyA6vgno9QFzZC7xJZ8P5lWpD09teehwZL3ZN5JrzeBlQ07KKeuUHetIX7nmYF4MunElQ4992x7Wno1ujbo5xEsO5Df9IZhjLAZokGy2Qf7PWKFBPCFZPKG2eKT3EAZTDgZ40n0KjEv8+SSG+dSYxSe9U/+sL0bWP4kOitlnP7vsJ8s/h2z6cT+w7Ef2hrvOryftO+UEYNvrJzd5+r3Q9aHRsx7kF37AV0/FH3hwy2cHdjo/8YlPnj12yQt7nzyyV8spv4ftN6S9h+0A6rVAOWbOyc/xHIrznxX4wX+5Kj+doxzu5RzbxufawJa6tQeD6MpuNMUXzdzQLRau00oHea8sOrf4FR7jdMgmQxY+nOARd9A2SSauiXCA8juMH/zgB9fNo59Mskl550fdZFsooEU6J7M+ZclMBtTeI7Do0jHpYOq/GiDLfj5M30ps9ix6ByEbsKT0VNLvTkruEtlB0+EB4vP0xRM7sjZx0AJonGThftz8EK8QDV/9e8CTr3TB6oB9i5oOYH74RRdZ42XT4m6hktc2v240XGx6V6zD3ow13XS6WLmg0WMjs8HZ1PQBforbPDDi51Nj5C+azYcvx+a0OJ0CPPFVhxMm/RiCYtt8FM987A8PNRZ041Qav3WjbtyeXDh0G6t3t+ULEG/y8sT4bYRdGPAWtzbHcqI8htHYgurx1+6gDbQbp36xyk+5TSefjM18ktXP19aAXMm3vU6QX+WXscgFJXo8E6Onp5iyodQ/+fhN/9UAmWNY/xcK+X0MAf/5HaLvfQF7f6aeZCcc4t/bKHZozclebgK5mTPkg3SGE/RNIBfGnw+hudavTr78RZc30x7ZyuhyRCkv0ZXa/NeGeGAH+L5Dw6689pCl92XFJp8D+gCb+a2efu1K2GGI3Bw7WoCePIw/BNk5hvjyM5nk97ynQMzFhy5xzyd0KJZTfzDrbDhoo62/GgIXOj2eQK/z9JllP3rg/vWn9+5arhn2ymybt5vXnNv83X5t5CI2+eSg7Rq85cl2Trh9mVfvaz/+jsevB3SGjdieZj49LHOw9o6yXxPxPSuHXL42P5XFK/xigHHmv1ja67vWyjvoiTt79l9jmyAPyImR8bpmdv3ltzGyoU23J/bOZ35BxbWcLD79fKDv4QSPqIO2yTURNpsSzsHgl3/5l9eDpFcnYE8zTSR+m6FJxL9PEHpmGUiWQ0k8Ex1PgJ6O+g/J7yEefsH8hOpoklDbU2m/rOLQaCF7p8mdp3e3/BalxNbngG2jhg7aeFtI9EhivkM0NhxYsgXmWEp8aJPDO+MQT9hiQ59ApnHCeJSellpwNhdoXHxxwHOR8boMmi/8eT/d+2u+wOeu292xjUDdjZYc0KbPIZJchzCbBP/5iebCJl8uNsbtI0G2jVf+uODxgZ+gce1LOk8BvmKkntznC9kpP4CYG0u50tNs420zJ2cM6MZlfMaqJKeOR9182BC7YaMjv8WRjn2+AzR+geiw/AHFmS/4+cY2enkI8ss8OUgDMs2JOVOny/jxk7U/aPO3GLGjHy8ZNj0pclMhp+wj3Ug0LnKQjjlWgE4ff9Cyo9SG2pcBvZfhZZBPp6C5O4X8xReiHfKlUn8lnLIT4g8mbzaKMVrzGO8hBOZ5zu/sTyeoL6iOfqjMt1C+yEP6oFy0rzocWRva8sb6s+74BchZR/ZlNDxyjKwDjBzOX+urtdn72PR1yKGHD+1hxauxFbdZprtx1BeSbUyNPX4l+pRFy2b86KcgG1NGSRdQVj8F4iI+dP1ZD9qLoVUGLXp6iplXPxyC2fBHZ/D58+qPu+NxZ3ec38x7P3t9Er76vaAxrLq2sXgH3Csn9jTzTp5/vjTpC5SAz3hc6/x6iE/foae8vadsrCBf6eZjMZv0LxT4k+7ioy0H+ega6xqILj/lvQcd8t1eSs78kOG3fO7ckZ9Kujwc9PPDDtnWA/q8pqTn4QSP2IO20oTYtN785jevE+6C6XDVE1x3hvEDk2dCJUKLf0KJVtJUD4PabVawRQH00QX3NvaQXmPjG6AXnU50yW5MnmSX5D5awufO0EHRQVsMbOoO2J5oKrUtBCAO+WV8jXHaxtOYwBwLzKdJg1MmvexCMnj4q88GBF08oIuOw7EDtE0GOjC7MDkM4XF37dBtoVrwSnLoFisem4HDdodvF0IXKXUHdSUku22Y29NRsRJTYINzSIPGYDPRRxff94AnmPVDoL/Y7Hkvy5MJZPGbB0Cn8cAOy3JGG48cMAabHsBjfEpgregX62JnHdFh/A6hbvLYFOsuatYW0AZojYMP/Gq8ytaLuKNpAz5qbxe37T1G8vyjuznpqXW8YXZr09vY0pcP1emzlrz/6NUzf0HWGstnkF5IBvIr+0q2lHjoNrZg1v+sQO/VAB9OQX6fwuIeos0YHPIlvn05YS8X37QhVko0MeVLvIcQn7wgF286wX4uyATq+TR1TphtOjtAyyt5Y5344zP2KX3oDhb2JG3y1hNee0cHaTnmxt/H8PYsvPrkI3nrTZstDxKgfY+/6B2ywX4Mc/wzpvEFjU1/8cOTDvGHcjydUH/6wuwdg3wI1PMXVF4GfBQ/+qZf6LA9CeztBWvt3NwNi12/AGKcjW2lr3X7hr3EzfT2QOaOx29/xMU8OYA/uNikcNUPFyEaPM2m645l7r90mV+HbPuk/fXjf/Lxs08s1+rtfedPn33dcs3zZ9P/yl/5K+v3ycw1/XQWN2NurCH9zVs+f6Egf8UivcoAXT56h5oteejabFxuCLXjl8+geIqZ663rL/SaiAeg9lvXcWCPdm3ig/Gz93CDR9RB22SaYJPhcGAj0/Zn1026iXMQsJlB7/+YxA6YJt8i7eI7F6G+EtlEw2j179EioGMuDPT0qM+EPQR4AL8gyDZZNAsT0ClpfcTEf3eG/giNzbePZWzsNvEOj/j4CcUN5CM7+QqUbVjFZo4nPjT68hNv/jcGJb/4ZBz41w1rmR8HJuPoQOdC1AHPwVm/i4u5bXOzCLMJ2GwDs9hdoNgsbmzbALQ7zDvAO9Czg2asdOJtTGySg/TbOPQfO2hPoOMUiB8d+OItzqC68hSWu2JRXNLZHIIOpvK99z2NiyxeccPjIK6fnLij0eug3WEAmgf6xYgP1hX95cVcA/kGgTY/9ePDk9/mjb5yJ1n+6Mevn3025ZC1z7942qzlQTrY4it5bbL0soMmH6wVm78/8uRCoC9f6YXa0RpTOTPHzkclu6DyGJCnM/2HENB5CvLzFNAV3zE0duMJ0YwhnGMDycVbCSfs4xDvtJFuNL6qp+sQ4pMPfIb4Z8zMBcQbVE8HyF5ADwzU7QNyrRy1l3iw4VM13/+wZ8kHpf1IftJvrdk37MnWlFzUduNqv7Ovm3/jkLfyylrkT/sjOblt/ZEH+otdmN8QPz+LQbk520A557T4lZPssRPu7QSTtse9jQnpvBrgN7/omnnamOwD2Zi29nXybJLtN6/zgZ4HFt33LHN59zJ399yzvSJx883bugds37/E9zML3VNtSCegx+GdNv7wF78bKO9kO6A/bsmNr/5qf8Dlvz37wf/uB9c/OOPJrr0JND52+Wge9rHTjlYcvphQnPKDD8amLrdds91gWgdyRM5aI+ryGI+bSddah3OfuPvlFA8FnV2e+tSnrtcZOtnpqXfXl+bj4QSPuIO2TcSEeLrrYG0BvPOd71w3NRd96NDQE23JgiZZgGSREMqgycVT4mo34XPiJ71FwC+oro/8tHcoeVoo0Utq7TY6NAlsMwc+bnHz4Cmtg4YffKfHJm9DjtdFwI2GcXY4oU+s8O/9bMwhiA/EG5LJR1BMW2z40WbbHPDZxUhpIXaw1nag62JGDrgo6TM2Y2jzymdjEwv9FreLk02ALn146Uyvi5U8ARa6X5uwCfANLx554ybFq0f4xYA9udZ4QbEJjPEywMPOnjddxfwytAboKCZAnNH5aOw+zTAum6FY2ezlhIu7fBFjv0TjUwTx60IObZY2P3QxUnZj4iBBDz8cVM0PfdoB3/hhrF0Ao6mLc7EA8pxdfXjINH/WlT7+4EOXM+a6eaaLTjz8Szd9ZJRyv4uZfnUxkIfm2iGbfPaV+GA5T4eSbrwgPn7yoX0AKPUdg3KYjmNInzGcAnpO2QHxHEPADr4Q3Rj2CPaysx0tSCbQP/3RX9zQjVu9/mNonvhcfIoZ2eYCxD/rtfGXh/mQHMgnNpp/e4jcc52xjxQ368BeYx0COWZd2ZvQ5K3SviZ/OpADayy77ZXskbd2rQH6ynfIJshnY+YLG8poxWLWyZMLQfGDdFsfynAvk9yetscJjXeWe55DwG/z1BjI8al2+wyY+qYPfsLPb2CT2w7Z29Ni/WICze0nlz1yfXiz1NuX9Knfffc9V/6q40ZfcCmNxlPyG85j5xpMh0M72Sc+8QnLQfPpZ3/1h/7q2ate9aqzH/+xH1tfGbHv6JcP8kfdvJvn6ducV7Q5T18sYAekmx2xjWZvlacO2Q7L3iAgYx3IU3X8DthPe9rT1vF5GOhw7aDtvXPXUXFv/vlvrHKbPePTV//DBR5Rf7DGREr2NrwW3N/6W39rPXi7Y3JwcFDyixyvfOUr183Mk7yeWtnEbCAd5g6FB63NV53dick4xGi32CVJdXQLQ90dq4Xk6Rl/yNs8lTYIttpE6LDJSjyL1R/hMSYHHocLiY6PvIXMhmSV6Mbsh+YdhMSnp5P42e/AGbJPtoWlLp7o/BAjJRBzvoo/mgsNJGNzclix4NS7k8Xf03hjMHZ2Pc0xXv387gJlEZofC89F6T3vec+6EanziSw/ySn5xybfxAuig+aqRdxY0IxRiWY8DqX63Jl7B16bLTnl6RMfvGJAFz/EnBwe46dfH7/ogXiyVXzhZRsIGXrxhc2LMogPqgP6xVXJvvFBwDdID9/FHPDbDY/5ctPSfJoXfeZS2zxC8TbXcsyTOjngY0CHbvlJzvrTR97cATEB4gcBXyr180ss1dHMK//lhPHIEX5rmyvj0S8G/z979/Z9W1YV9v5n3QuoKkCKq0eIJ/EkigmoIHgLRDE5tlw0j3nkLXnLQ/6J/AFpLS2vyUtaWvMSNWnaxFsENAQEYmICiS0m7YgiVVBcatcNzvyM9fvu3Wuy1vqVoCK/vftufY8xx+ij30YfY/Q511zrx2YHgZuHrukmpuhAFzytA/ao85V2MgHekPx0PAXGAXT8PzEb8cK7mOZbvOehmuxT0JxeBXzHR3zGT2SRwT9s5RNteEFtdNRunFIbUKKtrK3+q+AqOjbxA1Q3j/kL8Bcf8c8pIKMkl/4wejwhmnM8APtgcwbnHEK+ae0A/uvJNZ0r3eQDOrlZxccZYQ60ofF6AJ7q9nbryR5tT7T+rBuyxKjYtcc7D5ofZXMK5zzVZnw20SF7Zr24m+0Qf20QxHvKqY6m9Wds66l41Q7SJUwHJWj8OSDHmHNgzuM7ZVT3uocn1ubrxS8+/MEX+1X+9JrH448f9jfriB1r3LPs6He071uxuZGvazzNpS9WPrDFrfe40Xg1RN7xhY32Ndv+6qHfu971rpVwvvSRly59X9hq+vMDV/kf8OPtCNfqibZJtJgs3MDk/9RP/dTasGy87rYkDoLfpuXOS5IqeZpJp40vwDfcbyQF16yDaPGD+lrQ9dv8JcQW5Lq73eQ6ROJtAy1Ztygtbnd9NkHvjdoALEx3hTZd49hlE5do4G1T8BRbUshGBwB+HfB0pIeD2CaYHVPPbAbZUjt/HzaYw8YTX3RkSbjo7pr/JWZslZT1ZHQmY40nw3zwgQRNMouOrsayTz//RJ+vId+Qw36bJcwvSgeVUpIlHtiPVhLofWPxoo2NNl56dEDTA+KJHx7qYsYhhlY/vdrc6T39C6b/lPn4HDSe/49hEF0I8J8IjCHb/HUAA2P4g4/EFJ+yj0/U05fd4qkbIckEf5hH9vKB/mIQWG+Q3fxMB7TxPGYHHuLHnJoPQLbYEF/kuyabHHMq/osneqNRGq+NHeyD5od84/GkgxgSJyV1fERPdYjmFOJ1DCYN4INsxpNOSjZrx2eOOYXnQH988WOHNvOpXZ085fR/foegvmPlHHcVXEWHV3LV82V7Mv2B9nOILhuUgOx0fiEQ/YR4BeZQrIg1a8j+JP48CLHfiR/xZT+0L4g3cdQ5JK7tk/T0iZlrD33sbwDfnmySbc+xfjw48XNvzjGxzebimE7tK7MOp+34Zc+0K5rZlt/i0fWszxKIr2Rop4fSNXtAtCBa2HV05wAdPucwun3ZWOALiwf9N935e8PDlxsPenz+89tZss2n39X2vvXGYWtnIzv45vC3BPBA6xdKzPkbXv+Gi9dt59tzz31xncM+Kfu//++/uBJsv4X9zne8Yz3lfeThywcPz203mXcd30O+niE/325wrRJtMCdS3QL5iZ/4iXUYO0T7AolD2R+xkWhLVH/7t3979ZfwtqnhEVo8bTL1h8Ecg6YDbtID/eoODyWZ+NqAbZboS/DiZTPVZsOWuNiQPaWXoBprA5e46FeXaNjA0Xpa7gAoGbR5d2CRR0+y03HqiTcE6ID2NnFl9gR4sskBBNjhiYwNxqHh41H2GCfpkaSVCBlTMos/mfiZG0+QJcPs5BOJEPs8qfeE2++lm9df+7VfW3+sxxg+QI8Wn/xMHh/xjXjQRmaJmGs+4ks+RcN37JDgsxe9V3YkpWwxhs6AfkB7ftr7tXal68acgubG+GMYRBeC5jEExpDPTmXtgK/ESzFKN20QRKtkt8SA3/gIalOit/4kBPiY65LZ4hHmg/gmE/KzueR78wFKqsWUeSTbtafv5lS7seJHvIktMowT/+LMmsAXDR3EhJJe6OlAn2Ic5I98fgyNUR6DaOgSDX50aP6nzBeCV0F+bK6NYQeZp3jRqVJ7NqXbLOtrzDmYMo4BXumbDEBfQP9kXoXxSS+ywxcCx2j3NooT+1trQ6z5bozE6Xd/93dXrItN7a753F4i7iTM9hY3qD4tQ+tJtgdC2rt5lZDjgb8E3X7nZ1udW2jttfiKa8BnIT/Ma/pPG/b2ZLP26pNHe5b+6euwMSDfQ2OicU1fEG10x/AqQJPcYwjoAia/6miWbnffekrtp/wO4w/nnt+7dobYN/rjM2glzxunm7Y9++wza4964onPXtx46vApjHe1Jd6f/OQfbjdTn7z4kR9518Xb3/69K8H2SyL2qgcfuPw+yyZvk7peNblu0FzcbnCtXh3ZQ6a9+93vXpuYA9hfGPIxv4RNAi5J+vt//++vDdAm5cC2cbZABf7cIKD2DuFk7Ougg2EG176On4XbRio5sUhtCpI5CQYaPEsayS5ZpbNNXptERkLDhpJDT0gkE8bhg75kkPz0hvpsKKE2Y9pgQUmW68mD/A4abXjBEqiZiHnKo6SreWA7W9wwSHLR4u9AZTMb2IPOdb7y2+jo8SefvzsE+I/uDirtIdAeHV6ufXFJfPArnbXRQ+KFl4ORDO1842nVb/zGb6wDzkbJDvPI/m4wjMOL3fho4yvAR5AOeML8eA7wJL/x0NjKIDqoDpqz/BOCeEBtxUPrQZ3PS8jZJT77qNt4ffgbz6/8UELhRgfixRfm23i+QZvdeDVXxZO6MRJkMWMMenwlJpJrfejMd++W96SPrg5I9ebbeHEF6cm2Ph0BbGQPu8UBvdBBMH19DIyfYDysDvBofpSA/41tPpqfc4DuHOCVL9nED9r4Qkw2Xpld6ulZPKRTdLMO0LTGzoEx54D9xUCxhjd9gTl6IX4pFidmE0j/c8A2aFwYn1A/P9qL6CvOJcPOHE+cPYH2UERprxbDxvRgx81jsWif86mlugS6uHAOWEsAH/uVhNx7rvYesvHMR9kGtc/rqT/Y1yc0PuwaTFmV1QFe5lDcsYNv2j/qA12He/+G52A/t8dg7jHRztJfhfQO9foDMpvOkmn6br2b771Sdvg7CzduPLV+hs8fo9k4XTy32YFNX4p86iln0TOrjd3k4sk39hh73z/+x/94fYr7spce/rw6+f5ojaQ93ud3mD9/kC/PwYyP2wmu3RNtCw4CE29T+Nmf/dmVdDqUHTIm22FtI/ZkwGFqc2sDbGwbRxsMqLRJ7AMr+rCNJKi9ukVpA7UQyeiQtzjpZgGyxSYuUfAkV4LHBu9127R9DCUZkgDY+JQ2A09YJdeSbG02M3ZCvOmeDa4lE8B1COhJt3zQhqbMHnU2kGODwo9d8wm2g4be5LATDZ3wpYfx+krAzAsbJFHsZmdPH9HjwRaHFb4lEHwC9eNPJ7zpRU9t/KofvX7zzr8ONzdcfpaLLLTiRB+57DZOybfaHKR+eolO9GEPWcbkD2BMOoDpV3Jcgw7WU4APzPd7DKILQfKgmEqWfvUwHSWt+ujHv/iLMfFmPfGredaWnWjwTxc+MZ94ocWbvyXBxqDlu2l3Y8lGr5RI8KeSPO3ihR7pYH3zu7gzf2jJYKs5py998MeTbNfioMOum1OyXGsnhw/IhMa/EJww2/FqHsjY+11/qH+OPYZozgE56Y5nc5nf1ac+YPLUPuVFv28zJhvOAdpzMPVVpzOgL6C/ec1nx5Au2ZN+E7LvKl3OjQ1a+9rpZM8QQ5JtSbc4tI/Zl8SaPcN6aI/wSRx6e4uHEPi5URSvbJ2xq0+823982axPNvlDH13V977YX+9tyM4Q3b6NP+e8R1PbHpJROccby1f6GquefpW1XwXxOYWAX/a8Js36Ob97Djd5fr7PMPpKfp966sa60bGXYIEOPTjwbF3fvc334cHK4fexD/P34IMvWg+SPMX+0R/9fy+++7u+++Jl234lOecHf87dHH/xS9sa3XisvyDp0fY1g+bidoNrlWgL+BZw1xbKv/t3/24dvJIyh6Y2h7EN70Mf+tAKcL/WIZmzGQoGPNoUCg78poyuQXRzTPK7hhNc67fZlnha5HS0mbq2GdtUfRTpSZ12H0lKXkvAe9prI3EtkfGUwyYsGaRrT+vwpBc52ulgI4DTpmkXHbMDzLEOAroDfnHI0E3S4wBwyDggyFYv2cIfrQ2JHXxfEu1wet/73reSsZ4k05tfyKIrPqAkiH5kkJlc1+YTLawPutaHTklHcsiki4SLbE+P8CajQ4+/+ZcPxJCPf8UX3diDF1rj0LAPrxk3+VWZX7WjOQfNTeP2GEQXAvJCMUeWMfrVm1egXZt4ElfGALawv5gzhm3o2c6ffNR4vuBrJTRf+vXxrdjGgw7TN3BCekdrPHptlYfD7fDzfOYre9CyAeivjR7mvptu7WyCYoGPshF/uosp8qeex1A/6Nr4yuqAHiGof9LE4xjmi3Q6hnglozg2Nv+oownm2OTodz1B+x6y4xwcGzdh6qtOZ0BfQP+VlGz9U9eJ2QqyIbmTbtp9DOa4wLhjQB5+xZ+Yay24Vrc+1MWWfc4+Yi3RV+KsXxI+9w994hMfsrXlA+3kpVNzagzIznP1bCSverC/nuOCybMy+Xg2JhlAPz1B/KPTV71xV0HyTgE+JdoQZFt2b/9t2Jo80Kj72T0/5dfP+XllhN/N4+E9bXYe5li7s9Y8OEueftqrPq9an3r6feh3vPMdF2/+a29auQj6JXDpI9E3/hCzzz337MW9G6/rBi9kLq8jXLsn2nMhAcHsibanow5Jh7HSe282NotBgufpg4Xo0I1HCxEeFt9hc2gjm3Kia9EqJ9Yfb4iHzRK/Ej0bcImhDViy7GmIJx5ovE/uFQe0niwCYyRE7OgpMHqJDCih4IupP71sDG3i2RSCaYu6sWTzlc2evxwOJZj86s6dPImJcXhFq10dmgf9dHUjIelih6f2bIimcWSwIV7st6EZAyWBbKAb32kjG412SH/XbJBE4eWmAH92kKcNDX/yP7vxlFBCMSOxNk6STQZd2IuPTZR+HbL6yTaW/PwKQf3wKkALG7/HILoQNI+Qr5T8qUSTbtogffmQ7Y3Lf+kr9qB28tGA+juQmhtz6FML/uF/yQb+xic/WRPTgSwlXtr4HO98be7MvXa0+QUtPdSNxYNuSm1A2Xqgi/F8wF5teELX6XoVJJ+cPdJpPz/RptNVMMefAvyaDz7gI/yzQ519ILp4Tt3Rg3PyrtIFXGXb1FedziD59M//eJ1CYyur0y/eIN6nIF4T9jbqx49e5IhHe6H9156izw25PUe8+xKjBNv+IsacPdC6wNseIu7EWrriK17Iwsf68TBAiTbb8lF6Tx/Uhm7aUHuIVn/XwHW68H061RdGA12Lq64nP9fNYfJCMOugcacgeeew9QbSZfoHPPvcQU9PlP0s3zObryXY3rXudRAx0z7hrzyCkm8oDj61zfMnPvEHW/2e9enzO9/5zvXHZ77lL/yFixe/6JBjbILWM2uy77nkWTxKtO/b+Fw3uGoerytcu18dmQun8qd/+qdXwuQwlsDOJ9tebZDo+Za3eouy8dB1G0MYRJOseW3BWTjaQYs8GW1ANmUbso3X5mmjpatfv/Bb2DZjCV1ffMRbkqJdUmGjNc4Tb68+eCLbRt3TWzrboCGZ9CLD4qaLDZqe6QZBdmWDzQoP9Pj3WoCSX0sy2YR/G4cyJBMPySnfe1VDco2fmx/j8HD40N8YOhvDbnUJGxq0bHO40QnyC3841Eq4jUOjdK2dv/mphAp/duJp7viAvW4A6Ohw9GkB3nTyyYL3KL3awiY2w+a9Nv5nBx545tPiJH+zKz+fgmgbu8cguhA0j5Cf6DfnCOBB/9rRAW3o9Ruv302JNv7rVaU+hWCLPrL5fPq3myfIL/xpLtDmN6ievuahBBo/tOrarJd448XfboTECD0gmeLEOLzZwzaxQH9grrIJL8BeeuQLMYRH/j6FZFbHqzJ0jRfAb7bDYLYdQ2PJOgd0zw/qbDeWPXyizmYQHb6A/OZhJirH4FzfBPLOAVnpkXwwYxHoO4fRkNd1/oIg3qfA2L2+ezv5UCzmNzFkHdgXxbU4ty+KSZ+gKtGyw35HB0m2cdrs42JXfCi14UMOO9BZbz6VteacHe1/c91UrwzTE2RfPjplb36jQ4hvffVPBHSf18lwjUdtweQHwTGd9sD2/diJQPzGa+JNnTY6yfTdm12eJvvVkSe/4Gz4/MXTl+sebT6FfWFxJtpsk5w/8MD964x4xzvecfGWt7xl5Rf33nOI3X5bm1x8+aL4xkOi75dNrhuw93aEa/dEO7AYBLCJ/bf/9t+u5NOityk5iAWzJw6C38ZmA/SkWMCjs3EWFG0KUB1f/PVPbMEGkpH6WuyVAA+HO6AP/iUMEgjJp03Ze3t+BsgvpNhQbbL4SDh6PcTGLuGTDLKL/p649rRWUmssGfgfFvPzEyxYm03JwteGnrw2MzT4OwQkSmRItNXngUOGQ6Gk7bABPbnmwk2Ep9ZskRzpc+j0WgyZDihQIkx/dGR0w4S3a7QONvMpQVf3dN3vz2pT54cOs+YEb/L5D3agocOfbXxnHtCWsOOhj5986YkM/sCXn7RnQ/PglzD4hA35qJJ/2OLdQGjsNisrHraoWde+CX+YA165FUfBsXa8QfMLQfNDbvML1LW3VuZ1saHNNR+h4RMHvvl0c8NPfAiUxRIZJcl4Si7Etjb+rS/+/MF//I2nMXgpAZ5o+IhuzYtYoRta7ejxVaePMjqIN5nGoOUj/SXexbQ1KVbwmn7sGg+81dHXBprnQJ3saJTaJt3kV384eUcfXTD5zDqegP/SM58G8UerdM2ftdcGQXrvdZk09YF9/6RRj1ey1NM1n9R3CuOlHsQ3iFf7Ip/MsSDZjVOi1y9OXIvBYhYP+5O9pDj85Cf/6OLjH/8fF0/dOHxpsi9fe48X28ce+9S2771qrR+y3ACKff1+Ps7a9yU8/K0TPOxX9jTxy45sMZdsyPYwGvq1PgO0IWDT3u6gPrT1zRIaB/iErOSll36YXskF8QK1z/5jMO2Z40E67W0G+EJ6oHl6S7T5mA8l1345xHla7B98S9/8azwZra1Dkmzv+H++9f+5+KEf/uGLH/yBH7h47XY+JM9fjZw28wP+fsNbiyR//Xzg6r1ekM23G1y7Xx1hjgNXoKvDf/SP/tHNLz3aoCR0fnlEsEtMHXgWV6+TlIgba1OysdnM1AWKcegtXG0APQRtZBKvdIBtWqFNyEbso0SL1DfI0Xz4wx9eSTY5b3vb29Yf05Hs0VO/A7+khm5Km64kQB8g2ybMZrz1lcRnm8UN0EkEPV2WLKPrNQ58SnbIkhx5ktIGjx+/9USGfxwwxpOjnZ1sIU9C5dc66NmfVZfIkEV+72rzLyS7hLen5uZQHzo64UtWSRFYG9eG9KsNLbtda9dPD34FbQL7km+b+0Pie5hvvNjuo0F+Sg5fQf3kGMtXbHRjJBb74i2ebOGLRx995XYD8r+XXW4UyOCPF212vXSzna74mFOaGbu+KX/JZz1d2fDee28lz3Afd3Bu9KcgGyEeE7WRQXd+pBf/5id9ZJhfv0zCP+aH/8yjcewwzqc0/nrrL/3SL63x+s27mxcJCX/hSSad0KQHP5OjD3996VR7ujYGjZgkGy2d4q+9vQOdPvHhsDV/5Gkz162vYk9cqpONFg0dyCnGtJFBD/NZzNov4k1XbXQD6YYvdK0PTXZlZzaG2l7oXJ+jwYcN6GA8yWgfVGrT15oH2qNJHxifaPRD7ew6B+ivgnifAroE5ojOYji/poM5Ic813diszdzbj+zNxnctDtDbl61l9H/wicOXHcWMte1PbeO3reAVK5Jp156m4m1++aI1jYf6NsM3fU7/NebSl+lmnBJGUz9a8oojfRO1weZjyd3a+YZO6vqMvyoegHHqy5ZLPmjR4aGujZ7h1B3Ufg7IBI1vzMR0q5++dCcfesrsLzW+6EWHVxrt0R7COTtdm9cHHvAdjVu6u5Zs39jWrvm5//5tP+CLTRd/4+LHf/zH1yfRZBYz/CYWyL8DtwdcyyfaFpMFFHhH26LRJtjbaEpKJQKeLtgAJQSSGwmhhWBzUdoo2pwsSguvxQtcQ6Ct9hb2XOCVeNqgJSOSV8nzBz7wgZX827D7M6YWNDryjbNQ50f1NnNtcOo4N7/DZn74uNIit+D1g3SXTGQnOWhsLpIeJf/wlUSozYme2h1OEoUOHTcrXqtwsHiS66f4JNJkGA/Jor+56aDT7om2+WC7JIxvyCDL/LTh0xOw0dxqV7oO0OGrZP/0DRuVdM8n6hAvdPHkA7LVjcGPvebV2GLGXLBRnBnPfmg8+cZNfs3nIRa/Ydn77GZXurDRTz296MW3vmRJ/j1buXDj5QlIdTjtB2TsgV3ZcQrNT7EaAvzDrvHjBzpPf4sHPqGXJMYnFuLW4cNm44wpSRdfaD760Y8uH/rkw00WXd3UoMuXxZKyG0S0+IsZcvGHfEwOGeLIWhNjPgUSW8ayDy2Y9layiR1o8QFsZ3c3goBctHjRm67iBC3fNEf6XKt3rW/SkF0/PhDgj177hPROZ9D4FwJz/B7ZQO7kp51OygBNdGDSNHbPp344x56CKe8cxPMYksOH5suNrtcHxZ8EubVuDsWbdch+c6PPONfisb0DiAt7mbi3t4lxdA8/dPjy9qu3m0e2+uKbePzDT/7hlnS/eOmArz3EeWA/EadPb3LJftGDXiW5cXHX3YdzByjzZQjmfOxp6E3Hfbv6HgN142a8kVE8TB74hq75sGs0eChB7fGqnHUlPvE/hfgEsz5h0oP0Tic/q+eckywDX2Skgz/H7i9FvuQlDy17+I9exujDz1+AVOo35/4CpPPbAz37FtCfTHgHbh+4bRNtB69SQuhv7ftNS5uo5ElSaJO0ydpAjbOwWvSuLZTawFw8tbcgYZvKhNokljbs9773vUu2DVYiIuGwyVu4dEUDHQQSBEmIpEI/vUs86ddhjT9/6KO7zd2GzjZ9HSDR4EVffpGAKCWKnkxLfCUwfGJzwke7jYQ8ummTcPAv3fxBBX9AxpNcfNiqJM+TAgcSeRIlh13JtS8PeaKJvz5+IIOPsymf04U9EE0bJ3uhdteNcY0G8AcbHZYlivEJtdOZba6b/+YDPfuaJ2g+kmWMOj42cj7wygT/6utw9srIizcZYs+T6m98uf7DHPp9V7zI3qzaysunWHTcNvt7Nrp1veb8+YnPrAfszE/HkN/MIZ8VvyCfognyUf7Lt8bh4QaLPyS2v/qrv3rxQz/0Qxe/+Zu/uWIcveTCbwK3FtlpPf7rf/2vVyx4t91Nm1jxhFtSgrc4cxPnMCOHb60JnwD5boNYIpdvxZGSPHPlk6Jf/uVfXq9k4U+2PvPJPvZmJ5+yUT8b6acPb3Nt/qwJPNhuj1HmC7zoi9eMB/35CT/t3Uy51l4fevXmwTXe0YH6KoF++ELAuFNYP7nx3PfXHg3Ql36gfhjs+czxpyDarwbypxjzKZsvrNmr/NSreRX79h403TybH23m0X7Z+kfT2of2An1iR1w++KIXX/zFLf6dQ49u+6WfcbM/+muBH/vvH1s8xfDr3/CGi4985CPr0017PHk+0TLu4Ycfep7d099iAYK9v2H9kF34zPHVIUDXtXp7C1pjITmuT82XdrGczvFRgsknbL+ZZWPS5xiiC5K3h2mn+tTHtQca9z9w+NTNfPvdbD/th+a++w6/eGVvvSrRNldu2Owt9i38xQh6Y9HcgdsLbrtEW8BDi8JicTj6zVKJnMVlg3Twx6PFabG0IPUp2ySAawi0QeNgfWG86CF583TNXzGUAEg2/VEdiYaD2GFuA5aU9vQXvQTDRl3SAfDG0zgl/ckHJceA3ha8g0Dyoa7NgUCezdFTFclJyZMndhJDgCfeeOrHl0/oYSx9PZGUZNNRuwRdgonWx3HsSI4vepoD9RKe5gjQDX96Qgec0pzhhw+kk+t8nL/xc42PEm/02eEa3ZQ3MRnxzMd0Am6M0GnDgw/5VgnFlblzmOrnS/5gK59rV988u+ZWYoqfRJJ+/ljCk0/eer3FIb1VFi6NV3mINdf8bXww6wE7tKM9hWIDTePxz6d7BPHjF/Wl63bNP2z0aY2k+J/9s3+2viAkhtnotRHxYJwbGn/xzg3n3/k7f+fiPe95z4oX/u+Lp+KEX3yq46mRJ5FiyxrB318HlbBLuq0vPNEqxY5kXcKPv2RbUmOO9IlpJaC/OS9GxDp+5kpJX+vPfiG5Yit6qE+JR3Grjg9+fKbfoS5G+Es7OwEdYD5XwuZi+p3c2vM7aMwLAeOuwvjB2oLZd4oGTFuO0cy+c7Dnewyuomlevabnt/B9l+dv/I2/sWJPXIoF82s/cy6YU23GqDenaHp6rQ1fdPYna1284vf7v/+JFXti8YtbAvfoKx69+NjHP3bxl7eYfXyLXTR+fckX53xn6C9se6I1+LkttsT3E0985uK++2994gKKoxDs7Z406nSvfc7HBDYG+hqvLt6KucbvYY5BB7s2BtSOdiKoRNveu6ebyO8Bnscg2bB644Fxfl3EXvT7n/j9ta798Rm24m9PT442448l2p/d4uE73/zm9UDBPs/fzgb8zef07R24PeC2TLRtghYacG1DdNjZUOtXWhgOQqVriwU4AI3XbsGBFjBoIzIGXRjNRPy9g+p1EZuwJEPSSdeSNYe4hFXCga5kzKK1uG1EkH50VxqfDLIlOgC/Emwl+WiM8QQZSEhsEMbgY7zEArIrWWQ7XBwykhy86ecdc0/djXfD4OmthJJMNtjA8HLX7+mRJ4/mIH/SJ9v52nzqI08fndJByc9KfWhgPldHp463Mv+AZHZwhuQqtSc/JI/+5Kl7oq9eXKFvvJKP+Iccfkk3ffR2A4MHvTb2q8033vHhhyc+88Tmi6e3Q/agtznzhRq/9SrpXnpt9MuODT11maB/D9l8FeZP9tFZOVEbXnQyv+ascXQVS+ziC08Of+7nfm7dSHofW4y5ufREmZ1+uhKNZOONb3zjSqolzNYHf4stMcqfeEtgJNPix3oQb5ImY43Biz7WNR/Tjy7Wj3UmyfaTW36pR3yaSzRgb7c5KdbYq818a2ObceS0ttAYz/d8Y64B+mKPn4pxdGQZY2zxM3WoD6hDoG3FwIa1xavrPwmIZ7JgkKxwT1M7Hqf4RAOvgsacg+mDYxgPDzc80Xbz56bPJy/m0PyYq2LC3JkH82wda8dHPGojzz4mYXZzqR5a/6/YEmv7nz5gHyRLPL7qla+6+PRnPr2Saw8ofJr5+1v7A9vNnU+5HttoH1o348+3m3w6hWDvG3pNmmJo758J4hzgpQ8tBO0Njd/DpFcnD9YG8dWmf+o2abpWHpMzwVoJTsUGXvhMDOjiy4if/dxn17zAG0/6K7KbLX7qb+u3jgE+2XMs0faTgPYtN0z2Fe1iB+BhD7oDtxfcdol2i7bFUr1NU8IjOUBn8a6kZqNzDYGFbEybBXANgTZ9DmJt+AaNoaND2dMNG7WkwcL01I7MtdC3fnWJrM1Y4iGh0Cf5Bj1xtjFCC3rqln02e4c6WUp92o3RZ/OnA50lLK5LHCeShafxfOZdQoeHg4e+vZOLh0PEEx36s9M4G4+nM5JsNxaSLXp4ogizaSYf5LKLbDrpVwLtbMjHxmSzcerGqdM5XjPZMc/K5gUPOAG/2vEr0caHjQ5avGH0+qAxfO6wlViyja/MpTI/0/Vb/9K3rvc46fTYpw4+Ra/Pe4L4PrXFhMQ6fVaSvZXQNVfAQNsesvcctl5Csumxx9YJXTvw0PMz2fjwlxjxSpAnhm4mvd4hyRbLkmM3XWSIK0/0+pUdcSLJ5nexZP7NOZliSQyS51pCLR7FsnVCNlpxTx92SYTI9fRbaQw5dEcD2DWBXqFY5r8+5WEbaH2Ri47teGqnG8A/GdqKN/KMAc1N85b/g+ihenQBPvVHcxVM+lOYflOmck9X+17u1AvsaWbfVbDnfQz4LJ7HsBg1X+LRzZlYE6fFmLnI/9C1PQ6NeY2P2LS3iS1ovDk0/4f5/NLF4489fvHwIw+veDfukYcPX6QUw3h5Wi2+PZjwYEV8Ges7Gw+9xKcx/kDNrTgAyRfn+TffVGqfNPSqHf2ExrBdvThEB10vnTa70EyILnlKbQf7b8kE8UaPNv6gMv26PgdkBHgfg8l/8jQWSpA/v+3j3oW35/oFET/Rx85ly/YvneiufizR1ufsc7MkFtgHkku//HAHbg+4LRPtFksbA5QoAQkimjaGNgoL77D4bv0kH5ro8GzxaDPOJq50jYfNCQ8HLJRQSE48efM0z5MVYPOVlCkdAhIyCZrSQW4snjYAh3x2kceWZCinjcbOJy8+ApdQ29ChNvZrxyue2cEGbRJpB40yPcmLr+QDD36SPPv5O3LdRNh82OlwIRs/fqAb/6QXfdnFRkgH1zBf52Nt6JsP7fhC7W2U+pSNaW7ykb7G6c92djhI0SQT0jed2WkcunTuhkA7OezkL7zNu+TRNb8qJdZeo3ltcfDEZxYPCfYWicvHbegLe13kKC4WC+i8h+Njno90n/6G2gN86c42MP0XPcjH+LHbK0lKMcEHZIg7fkQnnvDgE22eYvMv//F3a1Uf3mj14SNhIadr/cbQRV2JxrrBk39LmLLNOHW6GJP+XVuTQJzSwZwb0zg+YV+y8bcW9YmL6LTTvXjUZgzIh8arz/50cV0duA6NrZw0pyD6c4gG4JUeQHv6oqs/mjn+HE18Xggk+xy07k9hevG/5NdcipvWOpxzJe7Mozmhd2vcgxnxBPEQf0AMQPS+f4GXOnn+fLdPn/Dwk3+biPWsunj0XnY/A2ecT64OuizWC+jFDjT5H+Sb6ftJM9vhBH2Qjsq5voE6G7TzU22Nwy+d1NFNHsl0rb0xjY/X5Bl0fQzjD1yfguRDkB5s8ssh9gTXfr7v/u3Gx7vZB1s24o1tfwnSOHYeS7TXjdEWE26YnHPozOmB/hAD+ecO3B5w2yXaNgcboaBvsQh6G61NVP9MZKF2SWWbsKSgzaYFjg8E2iC+SrR44GvBhcZLNiXZklA6SDjxsUF7h1UiQjb9bQL4JctmSJ+uIZ5401UJtKsbTxcHgmRYwiPB7qNOvF3rz7b85dpBwwZPDD1hd50+6IwrYac/meiN9UmBp9hkojMXNsQOLjy0l7y4LgFRB2Th1Rh969C63LSaE3y1QWM7cPXFVx9AO2U15zDb6eMAJCMekI/ZiZadaNlgXIgvGcbpQ2cTds2HkjZ+8lTWKwwPPviilWijRfOaVx/+aM9nt7gQC41PB79e4KPNbF2/v7rbv48dPNM/p5A90bF9fzDQz1ygZSd6NvMjMF+NRwfFuHgzRjsfahffbiTp6mm09eCpnhs6/uUPvhbDEnHgCSJZ+OijH1504SftdCxGK8UJnmQ3d8YWC1N/46E+11C9GMIrmWLXOqKXudWOXokH+mKCPGNd85s2fNMhP7LLOHVjkg/BrAM0e9zTHAMy4bHxoX58ph9qp6MSHKOpPxl7mmM8zsFV/WTk53MIyLQGzYOS72tHY5/zpNlapa/5tSah+bY3pHulucWreaeuXweitb/458vO+vB/8sbhVSP63nfv4Wf9/PKFn/xb/DYEfp95Qn4LD3IOfp3+mXpFs/df15XWBT7FfqCNftqtyXhFw57kqLcG0AN9oLZ0Ve96ljCYso5hMOsTam/eXePPHmg/+NRjn1qyPc0+JNHZfNDF2NrYcizRxmdjvs46r7WJJ/uePsgnrec7cHvAtUu0LR6LQCADQe0vQzrIbYglDy3gkoM2D6WxaG0k0AbYBmFxoGuhJQ/PNjH9+nzEbMOSGCkdmp7SWYh4OpihJBRINEpeJRMl2sZIwNkCyKEjnvigb7NA0+ZGV/35gh4WP3kOCdcOjQ4KCYdriSXebHFYSPTpAx04SjLQ5KfGGcM+KHlk85ve9Kb1GgA/k5M/6Qinv7NHWz5tQ8J7Inp0zQ1Q14aPcXyihPryHcBDG73Q7xEd1N+YCfQEaEHzQQa+ZJIhHpT8E106iz+8+emxxx/bYuaP1ji88XndN33TxWte+9pVl2TO+DHO0xO0D1zq+Nx2OPu400fM5sicZiekizk1Ph0AmnDahR6fbADK1gtdAR+5rpyQHLHNdraKF3bgjVdrQ2lNGKO910L4jiy82eTgUu/GEG9jyM++Eujsxse1Ukyj4dPmFp0+wAfZa0wIihc8yUqOuRTHdNWn1Abw06acdWuQTDzyqfZ0iTdd9EH1qeu8huq14zXtAK5nX/KU+KOLhzbAR3SJJp5BPGtvPMAvnvobn/xoQNegfcw4dTR8JIbMN1p9bFYPtUG0xtAd5i/tbKGH+TGH+sSEuRVbYtM+p8Qz28WmMR5UKBuvH10gjsk2hr49CfU72QDt5pWbOqIjm533b+sXT78otF4J2/qykR35Spmt+rMPPdC/RzzYDdFBbeEcRzeI1nXQ/FkD8TgG2qMF8QW1gWSHe73YN+Ufg2l7Y7QpXdPDnNQHAX+LJecrfHJ9uvB8X/k0gh/wju+EJXNDY/S7tvYl2R4u9RBrzh0eV9l0B64PXKtE28IIBbLShvWTP/mT68mYw70DQ7tAtyBscC3IDnrtNhIHp8OwZNnGK9nEyyZrIVqE+HaNP/k2bLwsNLJKVvV5aucjcXL1kYs39OREgi3JoLdkAN9sNIYu9CPXZgHbFIH+klf20d8rGz7Ooo+x2tmJ1ji8tBvDFnZ4ZcUXztyotCEZ56kknupTF3bwLR3ZgK9vX3s3Vx96vNGj4Qt1PNTzHzr9E/XDqSffhbXjpQ46oI1PV/Vgyg71T76u+R3UBsjgY6X+2qNVtvGjaWzx4obHjU88PEWRbIqbT28xwA9s9OsEj7z08M68WDAH4g9fsSJm/G4rW/heSZXmAl120YdPyJs68ntliAYPOP0YDzT5jq7Ro8N38keD1jUe6MVTT3qKJW19b4Gf2CxGG8cf6mjQ+mhWLEqS0ALy6Ra4nvOKLyyJ0lYcAH2gcWHj1ZXGTiQzfubVzay5NU4fm/OnunbzSB5bGq9PGz4wf0P9xvHZYZ5v3ZSFteE3+UDjgRJNqG/KxR8NHq7Jonfj4wdB/JTpp6wdXddk7PmAaI1N99rYxUfNkzp+6sZPvmiLy3jjgWc+Bsbr59dioTmyrsSYNvuluCu5FqvpqbQmrTPXZNIDtBYP+l/ezG3yXC8VDqrd9FX66M+mQF2/m+hsAurayVWig7WH8cObfvkBBmjC6PLpnk/j0AX6gD7tydDe+AnJ2sNsa+wxugn8TNaMAW3G0qU5dt08addm/rqp8oVzNNkA1QPjPMXeFFrJdb5MT3N6/yZXku07IBJt+8CMU3pdZc8duF5wLZ9ot9CUFtjP/MzPrATGZmkxaLNABLvDHW0LpoWgbAFZmFC9w8iTNHRdq9uEjbPBovV7vkobtoRVUkEH72RLePuihI3beIeHDd6Tba9nQIu/pBOvcC3qSyBTG174oHfAO8QlKdBip18bIDpt7EBrPDpAf5uPGwoJtiQmG+mKjh35ON/hTba+Dh7vHPvlEbqgt+G0kU292/wCumrLbiVEE9Jn379HdHTCj2xjYHOKxvg9gup4KOnbxltfMuZm61oZoAfkNR5NyYDrg3/vW3HBx1/YYuX/225UxMNTTx++qPfchmLGF7ZevpUSAq9XmCsfR/uIGd3nPnd4zSmZ9Gp+msP0APpB10Ab/aJjD17TF0A7nmIXXwkyX5OHJlrjQH6C1iEblMUNOjZAMSQ2+QQNPiV75OmXBBlDN0DfMB2TF8z2xirZos/Yc9Dcog3x0p4surFVW7wBu9iinxx99hD1Yt44NED/Xt8QT+OSE4Kp27yegDZ98Wtu8gf62lzXdwrxMyY91JuH2vAAylMo7sgF6WHPEVtKfMRc64cM/soP2sWTmzD8+Lqn1ICf7X14eJihnwwI0hcfybU9Ut0eZq6sQfzIIBMagy+e5lhfa8G19ueedWPqk5Atkb5ru3nZErannzk8VIhm74uJXh3xSRVZ+RXoy79A+37sxOBYXxgvoM7P5lgf/nDSfKWwlxvWB8jZ9+8RTXMxx9BTG3+xwX5iLl2LB/NoL+F/9Hdv/p1894hHMdkX0pO3ZG4I/D66vxgs0RYD5AFjAV534PaB2y7R1j43ZZucDcRCaJECm69DXZsx6GyEAF+bqMXSgm4TQo/OEy2HgifSfYkRD5s/pAta7ZWS8f4QjXc8Jbp44qNsUWdjdTqQaQOxkaD3JH1iNwYtePIlKfFmr0OEvpJrCZ4Eu8QG7/ga6zp7Q7wlW3whAXQg+TUJ9MlEk+4AD/R0U+bPkg7X/L9HfVe1q/M5XZs/bSEastLjFNIBgnTXngzILjTxzY7ANfmgsa6V4ODjQ3zQ1Z8C/tQ2Fys+tkPAKyL+Shy/vPpVr7p4+ZYAPLjVn97m7Quf97rRrcPVXPpZKokBpJP5IUN8mKOSi6lj46sbl730DKNTZ5dY8S17vyLikwvx3vyJKbT5j5+6tg5LtIstPLV1AIoZn8QYV0w5II3Bw5rxPrdxxVaYnslTogGu6Tfny5h4nAN8QHL2oI3u6Myx+SQH4E93B7unaEq2AnPFbwCP6WtIR6g9xM/c1gcbH7Y21YM9P9f5hq7aGwuK1XOIx9TF+OTWNuWeQmDei1G/TOTTMTft9kXJb/E8ZdCBr8WSOBeX6LTzq30AHX/bWz0AUafTXIuu0ZsPMSnm6GNv9JTSH1dSikfjzCHagH5+ZtINsb3cenvu2S+t5J5OL3no8JNvZDsn7Lfk+NPdx/xxC/n5y+N0+jTQdg6fz/c4BupznRhPtvKrhXRJr9oq4ZR7Cvkjn6Tb9BM0h+YVP7HlfLMG7TfAH/26Sk66LJ5jDrStsRt6Ed9+6GdMPdmmA3liBY2YjN8duD3gtku0O/D0CXxtbcCgcRaGjdAitFCMQxf6rd94GANcW0gSWE+tfQlTUkBGrwnYbNFIoGz0DhCJiQ3Zr3P4QpynLB0AJSx0sEBDsqB2h0rokLGx27hhH3tCusIOHUA/mw3/SPJL8NnPrg4cfJTa2nQBXejAJm3k4Omg4QN39Q4XiYfx7AboARvzrbINqA0xTKYyTOa+nY3V51j0IRnpAPZ9oWtj1cFsTwbkhykredFDelWPNhpwiLunL+7fEm6+4svlh42GT/nxk1us+Amql730ZRev+6bXXXzjFld+FkxiveRuh7Hrl7zk8Gfz82My8435PQXpg76YVp/2qOuzviS6/qrp3/ybf/PiP/yH/7B+ps9Tdkk2+eLDeDD5SVDogZ9YFbf68DS2tSd5ws8a6qf7tP+P//E/biZh4qzYIgOC9E2+eeq6uXINGlP5lYCxdOtGQFzzuXp28wnsaSrbgPmyhunTOsUnGxqfzrD9IP4Q5IP0qQ7QGItPY1yjA7Wjn/66CoyfukzZtU2Zp9AeJtbbz+xJkhax9V3f9V03X6/im3jzM38ZI17I4V/6ZId4MtZ+i6d9T9xZZ+SIB2AsPu2h5sj+JXn6lV/5lYu//bf/9sUv/uIvrjjH0zj62Nvx8d0a30vxR5GU5L3sZS+/+MQffGI94Xzs8gGKm2r7vZvTT/3Rp7axh09cz6En4dOvAK+b/Vu9tqtw8j2GgTqftF8BspP/1UB6pFNtlRPPgfktfgPXIbC+rCu09go3Tn1ayzYPOvYy93jQ9Xyibb92I+Yv37rpwt/+3doWt/ypfgduD7jtEm2bsT6LwubscLcAXM/NxDibpwVpkVis+mykFqw2CxZfNPhKBEo0PaX4qZ/6qfU0ro+QyDHGxo0/OpswtOFKtj0lIZcsutHRQjVubibpC23wDgS6GQPp6LqDx1ibjD46uqaj5NqB5NAh28ZDBpp8M5MFegfo+NiGUWIAJQ42Ma+M+Dk/fCVO9OSrdG/sYZN7fqLdYTlRf0geutpdV4au41dchIE++oT7a0hGffVrS05zNPWcY5KDDsQXAn3ozclnPv3E5vMH1hNrybQ5lETznwS7Txw+/4VbfyJaAiC+/GEL335/9lmf2BySWIkAOvzJTw59J6Rn4Nr8ptvsr43t6hLeH/mRH7n4N//m31z8rb/1t9YTP3qJhTnfgO/VIR3YZa7FGnr9eOIt1qwvsYmfBEZyIwkzVoz7QyOSLz5n136O8Zq+zqYQRLsvXwhMHni3VtlHp+TqV7eufLpkr2AfOj4A2Wz942F86y0fKqdMdORqD+sL9QfGxqMS4o0OvXrX+AO02XYKG58eyZ5tYXKPobjlo27W/OVON3L+aqPSU0I0+Ihp8VNs05H/jHUThs7+Zn91k6ZdnLlZ8yCgZNo6K57xxdPe1z7v2p9GF+f/8l/+y4u/9/f+3vrDMsbR0XySBe17kuwf/uEfvnjf+963Xn36wsbHb3X73fZXbbLJoZf98Xf+6+9cvPo1W9sVfpFkb8Xz/Ar05VdQ+zn4Mt5HEB+oXkzMdjp8tZCsIN0rwew/BeZ9gvHFpTrdrb3Wlz2kp9n4i5/Dr8Kc990hds8n2g9usSLR9gMA9i06iAtxRxa/5cs7cHvAbZdol8ABG2ttQeMsDovXeBupsgWJ3lM8/Q5/T4A98e0jbn/4wJ+btoH7C1GSA4emJNYiBxadNomIRS/Z9tQEWLB0Sy+6APKNoYMNHko23DV3WEA24d/BASx0drXQHTgSYHLppN0Yh4vNoXe3ybYZ8QF75+aqrn/qq67NWIeIQ5GNdMY3P8L04XN2zc0Hv5ub1yVNiFY7aJzSmLCDl45oyQqDeE+cMqt3DWpPJjlKdmknOz2PjakNpI+2+HnPmh+1+e1cvlyvhWzjzc+Lt/lm0//ZbpD+55bg+uM1PqKWbJt3v737R5/6oy3eD3/USEyZu+QkFw/XIZjXaMTMtN+Yqa+6RKQn2u9617tW6QmdOe9wMS7bjclWtqHhM3TkaEPHr3xq3bJDDHp1QHLio3w83SRac0qHGjtB9gG8pu/1Af1kwdr0g65Pgf5oA214WSOw+APJyS5r1nrtlQQQLXvZaH0CfgLZAcmC2aBeHwTRQDDHq6d/NM2HenTprY1+rf9TiG6vZ+21wWSfArHghlLpBswnFvZRyaunhPZL/tNPL/zpJkb4zVgIxKd+tPwt+ZZke5rczaD1Fh8wbQB4imfx54n2j/7oj66/KmrNkYnO3t4Djp5oS7LpTd9HHnnpmldrxTUPvPLRR28+0V72Xu73p8AYuk2/rvYTPj+FV/k/aF5BMgAexcVXC+mSbuk+bUiPc2ivAOlIv+KVDPMLzZPz2jorye7MUL/5l3ZP4PTzqUT7kS027cniRcxFs/Z3NMOXd+D2gNsu0bagWpiC3SbbIQOBPjTaYXws3BaUAxO9dgsHnYPeZurgt4i///u/fy02Mm2kdGjx27i9OmLRO0jU8ZUo400mWiXe7MFHAmtDd0hYxLAkWx970OFlbDomkw4l/HTUb1x84o2fMQ4qyVAbEr50WZvS1m88Oa61k6XNQeYpK58bzyZYMgSMB8axEW+QzXhC7RPRK9Gph/SDxuazxgeTRzKTcwqjCeb45LG7dqg+eYPq9GY7VAfG+DKkjy+1zRsbiFc+9FvZftf18OT6kKx2aJjH5suhjx5NSTfedFamV5AutZt7ctkH6IGX/ux0LXFwsHidylM7T9zJNa75Vo9vY/mMruQmg8145gM07KhNoiR+9YktN4pi7eC/g130BOpkznnQBsnBWwmyCTT+KognyDfFP13IDbTBeCutMePV17xu9J6y8R/7Ws8AXXbQf89PXwiyE2pjW/rGw9h4kR89WmP055/9+GMYpMeUUVvt55AP6cMHxptfT6O7qbJHmXt0kuD2s+gBfeNjTUiuxY69TRs6dvMxG60f4wEdgX59knF09nBJ8X/5L/9l7etij91o6BNPDynoa02g8RDGT8S9dCs/4xwy75uMz206exKOr0+jNmbreeop3Ag23Z4/d6t1Gzd9S4d8eQzBsfY94pOc+IPZ/icBeIV4znrX1U+hOdjrqM1YbeJBW+/mOwuB9QXR+ClFf0ToGP8wXuv6khYk27x68OXLkGJOvHVGNH6ulTtwe8Bt+Y62BaddwNt025QtTGNKWnraoc0mjKaFYiPFz2Ky8dvwfYTuo0E0nrD51REbtIPAhiupIB9/tL48ZtF7n9kGgJ9NGQ15EiOy8LBY6epwLhmGkmP9+tBA9oDshHja0H15zGHOVm344WNzMA4vqE7fkjPJDsy38W8zoydEr83HsnhGwyfKfAvwAvTAM774qcczzPeVxqs3Nj6TX/RB12hgfJRhcKwNuE5ufLKr9sbgnZ2zZCN/JNsYX3ZC4k8B81u8v/TFQxyLCQmF69e89jXrI2l8/stv//bFf//Yx1b8+BTBqyePPPLwSizMr3nsKQ5Z6KZPTgFZ5GcPndJXnCmLLTKsFzq6BmizWRuZrvGDxhpnjGs02ck38WKHuJWUiHN9dAF4umanuOUPMpSAjmigOjAWbxgdOeld2ynIJvziaUyxDrMX1p9NbC5e2KvPPsMHEgB7ifEd0nsbsi+c/clDE+ZvdI3f8yBfGT267AHakn8OjU+PZMw2NC8E+AWYb8AP4hEPgI991f5pX+NPfeJAYm3vkei6Zkd+RQdKsOjmhlI/mXiwFbCdXDy0oTd3SmOiCcwZevLoba7F5NJ5CxntaCR0i/7u7Szabph9CS8fnYPNu4tm+nW1b77QDpvPPwmIV7o1d9rY8icB05ZjGM1VaB7o2BoudvWZO9g+6EZWHJgre2FxsOjX6NNABl5L7qXetS8fbeiTCjeHYlAs2hf5jk7o0d2B2wuuVaJtwVpMNrk2BU+L3//+96+P6CwQh1dJqU3QJmpxWmTGo9Fn8WnHZ25kFotN2QL1O9iSXokrOdrxNF6bhYZG8unLN3RTp4tE26J3SPTxJt42gHkYeDqCD3l07SNnSS85gJ76JensowNeHUSSfJuLa+3GWfzdSBiffD7gC4dEmxd6NPq+cGPTdZN5Yyu/4e67Lu67/4HN1k9vdj158cotIfKU1YH45u/8zvVlPYcb+x7YdPLTVJJJ/r9/w1Vu8psPvidPqT25ofZZwmga23ytjfASQXzRktd4bZPfMWz+oyMzdK292IHJn6CNP5XxpQd6vNHjsVU2mjZufLbDbsN1yN59iGl/CdKfB+6nvqAxzzzz9Jrvl7708Dvp4kHs6PfXR3/t135txVCJnDk25/ToMBCjzXu6HnS5dXNCZ2As0Ed3fPKDsWHj9cF4kkWXkipQoo23scB6cJMg0c7v4h8P60efZJydxh38cRhbG5vSFxhLj/ilM1C6htGwLcQTAvbgm23ZGw/0eERrnH6YTupo08latq+Qy0ftG/yAr3Z8rCs8yDB/xqYHmtYQGn6deqZL8Oyzmx1b0ge8g2qd+vm5Bx7Y9shNH6X9Ddx11yEO7r2HbYc1cLCJzw62wXyhPxpALnvpBtUB/ejZOEB38WDvYj8d2C1u7LFKttsTof2S3T0UgHxHDr75JPvzCXBdO5p82jwZr44HiBf/K9GiwYNNSm3pASTV/UzfYf1+ca1npT0R/b0bjfeF9eO3Rc7G6zA35EzIVyFIXnbhmY+1NUZ5CouteAT4RlM92cWwkkx14yH/oY8GaNe2h9mmTg/l9PWU6XrOqzhB7xwUB9p86ubhmPhxffDzrdgD2j3kAL7Q6FdgsmPtDBtPMeEnGm88eePii89tc7fZ73U9P6/qt9JvPPmFLdF+5XrI5mGb85qPQHbbr+hb+x24/nDtnmgDi8PCFtg2449//OPrqbFryUdB3gGlboO3ONFotwBdQ7AW20Zn0Tv4/IKIu1a0NnLjXftoUbIr2XSNDj09bACSa4m2j0DR6MPboifLYle3QB0akgt1ctLXBuIwVmdLT7UBXSzknvQ4iMi1cQJjGpud7OKvsIMlf0D1Z7Z2ryygx89YvzvKJr/17K8Ychd5vgD6jd/4im1j++z6OE7iYF6efW5LDNYrEocNU6l98brEuQl2Pfv37elILxg0f9r078c37ljbxPhGQ+6+z7zVFkz5e5opK1qwZGw+VW5DFiin3I160ZsjfP0RC3586qkba96B2BFzEhRfznIj6EuD3nP1Sg9689ShhA9+JTrigywy0x9UD9MbbXz2MGlhdpAtPmcb4Cf0rQnrRLxJpMQu3R2gwPcM8PF0n/7AWLySiV9JQ+1KMuHB17fs0zdxzcmG1VsfAP/KxqIhC2+6aps0+vWhAfUD7daydZ1uEk2JgvVMNp4wmHK6QSYH0jPbg/rQh5dmbHDpsy2J8HvPh/K59dOSn9vmylo+UG10W4lWgg6tbV/CTWZyoTZIrnkF2sWbPbBYhGxoT4VimH1K865Nic6No5iw59rbjecPJRBf+sno00LAZm2u80F6Au3mAJDHTmg+2KC/eVQaD9BUomucRPrg8z69ujXnhyT68BOq2lf/lnzP8emV72oH6Y8eArbo125M8mqb9MeQb4H6nvex+ryeZXrSR9u0PR2jDbRNYLsxxT0eU45rvNAkS938KcVN33vQzx/45JcQsFvybF6bW5KWtG2sNjye3OJTW59K+KUoN0rPPvPsWr/ygP5+hHWQ3fSlH9l7u+/A9YVrlWi36CwEG61ghhaZRMMiKoFo07dwgL4WNGjBthlUhiXI6haSDd+XY9zFerpGroTXR94S0RJgunjCLAnqSQssAS7BLpHHlxwbA5oS5HltYdNf0uGLOP0lRzryR5sKusmD7S1+yI5p4x6BL+sBh882aI35zGee2HjdffHa175uyeNHX4J86CGbzHPr6cyLXnR45/vzn//c2pBsgmjDNrWJdEu/WQ/3138SCGYJj+kD80nlHBdE2zglMKaYioYPph+SF2pDX+xCUJwCbSUsElSlseZfgm2+vO7E/+LD4VNSg0e04iOdtJGJxnjtxY+4o9MpTCdYWzzJpyO7ikntaNNDnWw69mlNMazdOkIr3uimHo9kTv+QdQ6SrQziQR6c6yQ5xjRv7ENfXV88wJQB4wWBca1XN6jGSRbsH2Tri68+PPKdfjoCdT4GU94x9P0APw25Xa1PUIw1t+LHTQ7EIzRm6cwvcJPJY4efmjzQgOzKd2zTh7c5ZZcYxL8YVCe/a7GKh/k3XvLiAYS9kR+UaLK9p5ZiBD0fxCP5eKvnN2Bs/tSmv/b8pL16iO9VEN8QGKcdqrMlmH3kuzYOjXoI6DT1bSyoXdmYqcM5MK6xsDGVsy3edA3pYHx96IvbOWYPx9rEfHEPkhGtOaeL+URHhn6x5bz1AEI8GA/phU7ZNV7i0ljX+IUBm9CIn/Sp7vx2Lda8tgTFqjHZSif80E2+d+B6w7V8og0c4B3eEl1PtG3qFhG0KQt0CwrYjC0IbRaE+jFswfREGjowHIoOe4vL4Wgx+t1Xv8LQz9tJuiX86JOB1kEhwe7jT0k2dJjQ1Vh0EnCHjYVsrHYHoWSDDLxtKA6qFj5aNvGFOn9Y5Pi20LOJT6ofQ/TG2iw83dbmoza+o//rX/+Gxd/Tr0e3mwS/HZt8fjaOvg8+eOtnFiGe1cP0a75OIZqvBvc85nUy6JeO9U2/wfr242e9AwB9sQSMbdNGO+0HjW9s8lwHydFuPsSCmIQ+QXnHO96xvsTl5/fEh3gy3yXj8UyHDgR6adcv3owBtZOVTscQpFttZNDd2BJtcYInOr7Rrx04yOjs0BLTbEKf/mLOF+Xol5+mTPyC6bNjMMeCxkPy+AVqR5O8GSNKtOrxm9C1/vgroTZ+YF9rtjmB+YmtnnKbO/bD/IUODdnxvQrx9dG3J6nGSbrXKw6X9rhZ9os3cx8h4x649UF9L3vZ4Zc80gcvkBy+M+/mE6prQ2tM/EueXYtVYG/kK/Mff7GBRp3PyeObdKQXOcaQU4yh1YeuOWoegLape/6H9XWdbecA78kDGKM9pE+86pulceyMvrbaT9lRX7yiOwfG0KexMIi3/vjg29rgW/OCjn/1AbziB/THa8K+zRjzVkwnQ4mWDuZYv1hQ6nPO+hTI+S/htn9ky7TLeIhXMRSCbFSyRXyBEmtrUIk/2eq+FO7Bm9g1jj6NJwNdfO/A9YdrlWhbKAJZALfZqktw/SKCRecaFvgWBbAxGGtxxSd0DQN1i9cYB3130yXCeOuXjH/4wx9ehwk5kmFPtPW30H1p0BhjHSTqPuKEFilZFqZEVp8Dw7XkWlLtbp19eLuRoAc+nqrj6ZqefLHf5OjRhgWnjccAL0+0n356S662a4expFr52te+5uIv/sW/tNl598XnN3/4hj0d6PzkjScvbmwbofHe//TOZ/pAvtnXb8rb9HWtPFc/hgd5tw7GF4qNayyd0qv2PdQ/+YB53ebKz8WVduP0KWsHynBCY5RdTz4SMPGDl082xJEv6b71rW9dMeNTF4eEMWiU5sMhpe7Q8vQ0ndIbrThJJr3Ez1WANrshX2kr0QZkaEsGOtfq6KxnsU9viF5cH27cHlxP6eltzPRNMiGo/RTQ0/joG0sPusEALX6hccUBv8z+6tMPyQn1GS9BbH2wnX3m03ru9QeJg3XfjUZy4mvMTDrojf8pvP++yxvfjbek+hAPB3/7Qyp+KQOvMDuhujZ13xMwV/Q2N8rQfFWnD33pKKkWo1DdvkF/3y9gLz4+jfGOre+8sJ2d9j70+slWF7dogGvxLzbsjx5c8AU92FVMNS/FHsifez/VNvuNo885aH7nuNpDfqweTxgYs5cXz+YCNB7Up5z8kn8K6LLXNYiHuAPJg+I+BPyb3KlnbeGE/TVd0geYI/znXNFRzKKjh73AGQnV8dQfJCP5+RTGrzJ0HQ057aHWoNI128SVGPT6iPgFjcWntXIHbh+4dl+G7M4WVHqi52meBESgA4tU8KPRZvO1ENoE5sILGqt0KDgkHBoWs80erUXmACTTgSGxRo8v+ZJyi9QmZbyfiXKAQsm0xWpD0G8M/bQZQwYekiUHCLkWeRsOeodLT8bx10en7GqTYu/cFNmL5ixsdvAGm+kFn3n6mbWZvuENr1+2bETrhsbP1L3mNa9e72k//tjj2+H4xNJnPc2+3BDJ26M5UQL1cPYp+bTyFOoHx/rCyTN+8xqm6xw3+aLhiz2fSu2h62KqPvyha3Ol33wUgzMWJz/1KQMPegDxKYbcfEkyzInxh7l6wyr1izXx1dNiNJIVMYYm3soJdCruzkH6wWygp3ZxJH61JaP41AbUxT159KWTGEdvrePhWlJWon1MZvy0nYPGBXNsoH/KqT79RN/qkwbgp9/1XrdiAfKF+TNH82m+OTa+Gw12Nx8lsWjyM75003YKfanRLyagVa73QDbYtLup79rnnryxcN08b7LFa3vJE0985uJjH/vvK3bEG93phmbuMewxZz086AECPfKjpBhfYz2MsH/73ocSvRiVxNhfzb0xHm6g9cVzybW91icdft3JHxCRmJMD6cenxuWj7ATa+E9719FVVp/zdwpBPBq/B7rEa/JEn5700xfGj65o0E8abcUB0HdM9h7idQy0Q/MVkCX+8K/EozNo6mqsazTpOmF/jU/66BNLM57YZ071ixdPss198ac9PZI3S+1TZ/QwUNdO9/rJxBOQp901Hm4K3/72t693tEvuxbK9Ln1mbN2B6w/XKtG2WGz+Fp1F1KLup/RszkAfFOwltBZuC6BFCLRNbLOwgIyxYfdE2UZvk/cHazzJlgz7IqbDQIJsE3C4uNt1EHgHG/Y0x0Ha5tUGoE0f3b1/LYF3YFi4LXYJvcOGTmyhe5tRdmnDs7a5uWQrX+zt3aOfprpx4/CUzbevD6/NPLC+jPbqV79q43JI1PwKiWT/0UdfuTY8v1LCdrQOdV84yZfHEOzb2uwmHtNxIjjWHuI5+R6jgRNcR9/4koR4zLJ6fGrfyzYP5jU60NwA7eacrMkL4mP+oH5xo83GfvD/jVXq81oSOvFiHtHCDg4HAlrJkBgpUaJLtqhDMtLhGILqjWEDPjPR1oYXKCbRJF9dP50gcJjyl4RJbOGHLgySC9LpHOxp0j8dlF3XB5KTrOr6jctXrT31aNM51N7h7Bp9CbV5kmSaR/Ni30GDnk/Qoddn3s25uebjU3j4XfbDDfhT25hDsrLFwXaDvJ4MbmvavvOE+pZQf3aLjyVroyPjqW1P8LvQjz/+2NKRrfQ0NxJjDxJ6Qm0/M1/q4k4sstc8m0N+sZ8qoU9jJNn+Cqg/WGPPNdb+6lU9PgJ42nslOnQmz95vrP1fO/vYRh9Pxue63c8Xv9SeLjB66Brs2/dYP54zhuZ4fYA80JipS+swmvpD0PpJ72mHvhcCjd/zCpMb7aQL0Ig7sZhcY4Hr2T5h8gD47MdBbWxr3xMHzh57l7q45C/j7XPiaw/pjC9+7a3poA6nj12jz358ySdDu2sx7qbPGYientZD8U6nO3D7wLV7R1sAC2rBbrFYDN5X/djHPrY25haUvnkA1V69hYZfiFd1C9mB1oIGFlCybeK/9Vu/ta7ROEAsvDe+8Y3riaLkuHewW4D0AR2SDgUoSfcaCjvwkmhYwEpjLPC5QazDcpPXRgPIAfqzD32bBz2htnMo0fbrFi95yUPrNRKHnvc6X/GN/vz84Skpuf/rfx1+5YXN23a1ZDz88OF1Bltm+ijjPev1ncM5H8dw8j2F2T9pq3fNV8XDbG8sv8VvPx7Ubl6U+3EgGa73/KJvDJxAjjYx0CYu/oD45nNP9PrT6GIDPX7GQHVjYbLUJSXiDz980OKZnGnrKQTKbMw+eohn19ZAPNGkG7Ae0Gi3TiRv2uikdG0NdKgam9xkwj8OoMcjfvlXOW0CaPmGLq1dY5KLbo7VD+tDGwK8xIp9ZNpuXXXdDRL9XEs8jUdjzvDnX8lw/PSdws9+9nNrnD3tSW32j22d08HYpe/6C6Wbvpc+8alVe5dXS3z52Z5mb+sXlyS0Yk4SbJ6aY+PphS8Z+QPQAV/60M2DCfu3n0zzXRsJNJ08rJBYkYmfGw5tbgjoYKz9x1gf4+vHl+/ENL2bgxDk0+KPnpNGPzzWdgoBHfFVQu2NB/qCGRv0gK75ij714zH5aqsfTlmu67sKzIdYm7xAMrMpnhOioZOydVFfOmo7pssp/ZLVOHaJJ3NqH3FzBsV8NOxIv+mLypBO2ppzY2HtoWtz0E1vY8W381ib2LPfOucl3NkrHt0EgObzDtwecK0S7RYQsNgsFAvRBmuz9eTZwmtDE+wWqWsLU+BrM87CcD0X40R9NmoJb+9jedriT+/6oyG+CGHT/7t/9++uBYfOkxULkE4dgOmhje5tDvTRb+PwfrnDQ7vDiyyLGVi4biCytySoxW1TgNrpjSZwzXbyYXadQ6P9lN9DW6Ltgl7KRy5/u/mhyyTIR7xov2Xzgw3Ik2yJuA1RR/ME9jLAXpdjul2lb3CsL8SjDRRGP8s27WCOg8UTaAyYdTAT7Q4hYJ7IAHwY3xDdlIdvMap0PekloOacr8WCmzvXDgPzIuaLe/TxcS1OiiHx5smgOS5xF/Pm03hjWzenMFAnIznsKdEmC99iFOBdTCaDnugkbOodqK61q6OfsvNTNr4QQBeP6fcwO6KFyaADpHt9+ORrwK9iAX389adz/UrA3+yLBk8HvWSRzzyptb+QaZ75NXvx4WPzZ684hZ/bEm0JtvESanr5xKqEng5kPLLdLPuddnWvhUmoX/WqV1+88lWHP9DhfW605pT8kn262oclG9ol0SEd+YCs5pJ8fKB+ybSkmlzXeLBLIgMaT5591zjANjch7NfGf8bnK3y0NTfzmr+B+QTFVuUfF5vrSm1B/YAOIDp6pAv/BZNnCJr7bDEWXe0vBPiG3dEnqxKe4oUmOtCaAPForaTjhD3fea2eHextr/K6kk+TnYXNr351MUGW+dfGH0q6zDIEyciO+rRbe53f5JDvZhL/+uklNvUZpyTXvqm+t/kOXG+4du9oW1AC2+Kw8Sp9fPiRj3xkLULXbTxzAVkwgr/Drf4WhEXXIifDYrGY1B0WQPIrCfbrIzZ3dYvc02ivjzgYyHFYSHqM7+NUaBFKbCTWnobTGW98PRly2DiIbB7a6cLGdGMHfZVsDF0DurJPCbI/mjbxbO7Afx79RnvvdgD7/dD1kfKGNphXb4fty1/+svVOpD908V9/57+un/H77u/+7mWvmxy+YLff0fbqCJlzDsJ8v2/bX7P5KmDLOQT5D8y+ZM66EqDnfyX/mFd9c/wE12228QmNNffmUkxow7txgAyHn/YpRx2/oHHaJSx4SzZcm99u0D7wgQ+smzjzYX7Q4i8ZEmOeBGqDbiAdGg4za0kc05dO7OGDYkWdLLaioQ+5dESb3trFcAdW7fiIk5kEQa9N0d2rAnhJ3PC1bqwhfsuvzQ39lK4BPgANRJ9esDnMnsZrA9rSy7h0018ZT/YrAXq8jAfklEySC9IXTTrjiRYNWqgv3epPPn/zhUSTX7Shs/b4mUw36vrtJeZezGl/zTbfPqWyz1jDj77y0cXXayTWsTF0snatf/b5wyoHnZ5bc28+vCJGR7Lzaf7lD/Tq5Oqjr/mmg/HGAnR4QrL4XQyKGXoUa+xT5xPXZCjR8wcZYfNBt3xn78K/NnLTE5/s2NsAo09nfaE+7XSji2ugDd/KKXN/nQztc875zhqld7wAenTk1aZ/H1f87Rqv7Jr+AekRpkeIF77KZDUGHzzRdTOsL5uU5LVm0U1ZMF5KduJXXdxKbI2X1DrXvVLJbm1iCf+pk1Jfeodk68t285U9jYPo0LthE6fmAK09UZ8bTvT2T33GoHVzCOlmzcXTmL3vgHZ8xTl978D1gGuVaBe8LV6LE/i40Tt6FgHQL7AFPRqLV92YNoUC/xS0+C0Kix1Y/A4yG7yNzCaOp7pSu6QGnY2ATItS0tCrIZIfC9MYMmyoHQZtHm0WxrOljbXrqf8s0dCjfrShsfhUR4ceAm3QF6X6C3L+CqQNwasj7Hrldjgv27aD2F+Je/ppf/HvSxff9E3/18XDDz188cxGvzbMNfoAi+emS+W+fq4N7Nv+NDA5dKg+S5Dfj0Ht01ag3jXc+74+7cF+fKBuHBCTYgUPcSTGPJV2GIgt1+JNTJlzMWvezI3SOiFD7OkjX+K9Pr3YAI02MvAXi8UKdE2HEma6oW09pr8DS9Kuv/XEBmPxzT788PLJUa8JkGNdsElymC75YJbVgXETyKBPsqIPtZOnNJaMSQ8m/6C1Cma/sfgp8dpDfJNBpnq+cw3TCwIy0JEL0fBjvgTGZJNDnP8k5Ovm9/JXR8jxV0f98sj6UuQGS85W99qYseSk31rMWzsTfdL12GOfWnNuzkD0eNBLmU2SbImKBxP2ProYh8Z8J0eMmGfxZ59xnR3hlKXUz8bZN+cBoBV30ZwC/VfR4EXv5MPmCuqbfKpPPNcesIEf9/GQfHU+PDXedfHQmHQD+IdgP34CWXufTtDfetn7ByiNz4Z0rx5vPFwbb07NmT5JvPiBxUS2xDceoHUx+aOdOOMWTn0B/vZPSBdJvQcA9iV0cgF9eNPJfutGwJ7aWvTkvf0Wf7RzzyOjvjtwPeDaJtqVwNOwEu0CeQa0hVvAGwfm4joGFq0xFodDAb3ExGGBnwWr9BSmj5CMsTjJJMficii5G/clHkm2a/0dghbt1JmObUauIT6u6QO1BehBbY1Bh2fomuzqAE/jo4e4SZC005Ptrn1k7AuR9NUuufa0+3d+57+tb19/45YMHXTn31sbHJ6zPIXH+sG+7U8Lp577OuS39JklmOPD2qvXD/i9+Z3zM2n2JZht5sQ8QE+0Jcw2eKU+8egGD08HggPDU0t96t69d4AY69UnT2fEN376JUlushwsdAXpCLR1aIl7OH0kFsjCA8+ePmqfiZpra8xYCaH1ow2tpIs9Yg69cfpgMOsgvqcgH8aHPWSnM7vmPIC9DMCmoH5jQm3WbVB7852vSjinDsraXLcfgPi4xl8fn/GXa/5WGmuP4VNl+056U7l52Riun+d0vVXX9bJ+XdwCv6nvy5PpEkz/6MPHnEmU7Bm+7Ogpuv2iGFDSia72QcmKmz17ZPv1Kcw/t2y5lXRVQnTkRDPLCXPMMeRLspTJh0HXEydd11chOrp0rQ6ToY0+2ibvPdY/+U57QOU5EFtz3DEE/AL3ctK/unUeaktH+4T+kmx1+5EbL58UO9fzvXH02q8JfWi0hYH+qVvXx5AO1oS6GBaTYtf82wvFrH0S0LEfS7D39gmwTwXtqfbR/E/f7C6+78D1gdsy0T4cGIdDTVAX2I0H+s9BC6SNwbUF5k7VwYWnTbzXPSxAi8zisyAdoBKcFqI+YyTlFuDcuKc8OpI39ZwbU22BeuO6xgvv+MebjlMmGfGNxl+Bs/EB71w/88zhPV62tnlshOsp1ec+/7n1TvArHn3Fxete+7rD0/BtQ9lm6nk893VQfeKkgafo/qSR3D3Odj7bjwnnmKlvbdWVoAMCamue6g9cH2vDSzyIn/g4GHpXVcyJMwkW6Au24hGaP3EghsUpWv1iWNKjH5/0F8/JheSKBeMcSumuTf+M0xJtfd2g0ZccNgD0ruOvHeJtrVkvfMa+YrxyQjLjG9QeZEs8XGeDtuYFTXBMXntMoN41ekgXZX3k4Gss1Mf32vf8aqOP+UqHqSu/KPnWfIBiIvrovvD5L1w8uM3tWr8b+LTK7+OvRHsD88TneHvta6us+k2dNj7++RPj6OjGFrLYaQ4h+vrEoL3DTZt9kOzFf+uLVp195hptNwViJn8pq4fGajuodvB3Ngfo8AHTHxOOjdsD32YTuTDIhuoTJz3c27BHNPypDqZu9dc2+e6x/saA+AT762NQ/J5CkO7pDPQVh+TzXW3FLPrmlRzXxZ99yY2Xm65eISt2jA/x0RYf9eTC+icea9uj+LMerKtv/uZvXvFr/6ELXV2ThwbqE7ud+c57DzHYxPZjsZMP7sD1gNsu0Ra8NlcBrV/dRqne+BcC0U2ZFrunbD7KlgDoc0CQ5c7bk+vubFuENg2bgkTG4jOOjhZsMvCG+OCJvj5t6tpbpEHX+M2NxzV+Shidw612MPlG9+xzt97xlmhvHlgbDPB06qGHtgRuG6M05jOfPtxcvOQlL94O8kMytQ1ZgF8Y/3193zbLdPvTxvxPZjj753X1Sdt4MNvhpAXmYM5vNGwNk3UM0Tc20K6NDsajkbCIMRs/9BGnZMehZT04LDxxREun+Ei8SiygQ2fN6QZTP+sKuiaH7PRQanfwiH90JWf68eQDdEA9u/DSbq1J1IzFg/7G4zsBbaiv2HWdbyurQ7RQvbkjP11gsJcJ6BJPUAnQ45UvptyJZJkbvNipLYiGP/gxHWasZYOxkgI+62mcebYPmXP74rObLDdQ3YDhST9j0T+3yUmHhZd6swqS7o9V+WSrudQPsldJN/GDFwTZYYz6HAe0Rbt02XRNRvbe1OtyPNQ/IX7B5FvfniaI5zHMHvUAn/rJie9smyVkR/VjCPgR4JeMeEyY4/Y4+0G84lfbOdBvzs4BXtkEklEsmEdzxH/1o2WPdj5tDpXaxaXzxusivWKJrhvCyR8YU4wA7fUB/fkPpsMptDc5z6wf68XDJXup8916oqe9M1qgji85QOIN8Gmd6Zv2ok/nO/D1D7dlot2i1S+4LXR148OrAP8WH8DP5u+gstAk3BaaNgvKx0V+U9vHXRIDyQs5EmybhEVbcm4R24ToBsmgHxn69SW/tr3O6aYfzmQpXtEYi59Nqz6gTV98NimbTYcvJ6mvA2bzpY0D/5e//GA3Tb7o4H74kbUJfezyr3K6AXn44YcuX+u8taGli3LqNduPlZPHV4pT3ik8RhPMtqnfRD4tvro+Rg+a2+l3pWt9oLaJk5dS7IkdstzQmRdPgcyBzV2/OHRNnrp59O62m8PWBZmuHW544C9OJG3q0QE8xW78u8aDTqC4hWJGPx2tE7zYqR2ddjIAecmyZlov+smLj/FBcmB86KJ+CpMZn8Yq6WT81AtMmYE9Zi8bxGP6ZJbVARp2ZffkA9Cai7m20dBP3XjygPH8xXdoxIT9UExAfwVSv/UK8ExH9D6NYtOy/dJ+fdpXuegk0Ydk/FbbYRz5Jcfq9jy2ebjgUxWlfVKfcWxmG9/SS59Xm+wjxuJFl+YimVP2nAMI5jVackBzuJ/LSX8K0wUYz+fx0U+Otuj3uu7LUwji37waM2XDY2NP4dS3sfE6B+iKj3NIv8krObWZo+YAbfY0r/FBbz+xR4kBSa344PtiesoxZvIJJ6TflDXn6Ri214hTr414om2sRFuffYlO9tPWbp/WqaNF5yGGJ/KebrOHbfrENt7A9R24HnDbP9EW1K6jbdO5CtDh1WJonEUm2YYWmjYLiQ6SbAcYeRYe7EsU6GwcxliI+mwgaPW1GSQLTPkAXQiyEaaLtjkuejzhXs4cs35De9sQbCZfuux70baJPPmkVwD8pNF962f+7tt0ZufLXn74ObDf+73/vTYVPunLdbLx9Ii/co+zfdLDdPuzQqDMZ8GkmToq8786f079o6k+aUNxoJwyG1cdBup8b8NWQsm0P1/t6YukxjwoJc5AAgN82mI9ODQcDsb66Tjt3kMUl9rJcFDgKz7Jojf7xDA6iRwacac9HdmQjdG6Jpet+h3goLVpLF3pTaY1I/nXn0w06oFrmB+nfNfpsPd313t/A/zpFk0Q3YTmDc7x6atEU1+gHb9kQT5gK17xSKZ+1yB78QWTVl8Y6HPAm4NHHjl8OWvx3ZCNcBuwaPFdc3T3lmxnV+Xim5239hLXeNgTe6KOB/uB5NqnfN/2bd+2fmnJFx6zl05ooSTbr8383u/93vrUzDVe6XhLh+djsRPu6W7auEH+rAwadw7piC67p/2N71p9ts9reA7SDS9+Qj9t0IZmz3OP9aNN13hHs/fDMUAT/TGMZo8T0NWWP6A29ogV+1APAjzFNv/azK84EFvFlLH5RDwr06f1lm7KSes6v55CviLXnmk/dZ7Z65ztZHvIRjdnPp3xtT9ml2s8fFKFxl7bKzBsyCZ06O/A9YA7r45sdajeeHgV4GOM0uKUUJTMdqhYcBaPDcJCwleSKllo8aG3eaDRb4HRR5n+dJ3X6IxLhwn1Af0tWJuBdrxcKwF6+kOQTSBejVnvZ28HoL8AyS72Sn6WjZ99Yv05dq+IvOIVjy478fLTX/4SpD/P/MxG52cAHbykp0P6VJ7CfX+6/VkhIDP/Bq6nburHkJ8mPwiqmyuxw29wHwfBHDchPmTZ5EtUPLGcXzqzyeNt/iQ3SvNvXmz84lO8qotLv/bhMPD0Bkige5osRsgQ724MlXjTQ59Erqc16csmyB8SKpCtoFhMf2PFmZhykLV+rC+2oDeenCBf5I/qzRUs1iurR9c8awetleiDfTwAtqBJLkBnPLuVbJt9+CcDjbp+dPlUX3RwytafDVOWdn7uSSBwoyLR5VMx50m2P1qjH/0jW/96DWwDP/H37Obrl2w0nlof7Nrwrls+hnfffdhv1LMniMacoREnYswXpT/60Y+uvzsgTsUg/vrNJxskM+LPz6W6QRRn0e19XB3m31PYeJAfpz+B/hkfxzCb2dvcxic5+qbs2ue1MecwSIYxxZl+bWDPd4/1G7OPo2imvFOAJvpjCPLFnl866Beb+Uc7ECfa7WMSa2ekeFFnv/UgbpXRA3PFJ9qbt+TP9QbU0YSg9XIKgbViL/Q9JOM8lRafZNkX6U1f+ypdxGq+sm/RDY02dqvbx9jGXm342vPuwPWAa5loC3gLuMVTou2g0Sf4gX5B32HeeHgM5mLDYy5OC8TCMtYGUMKkT5Lr0LBA58+RobdA+3kiB4hEQkkXCQ070g9ob0OlSzrsdddnjH4l/mjUpx3xMy5+ydKmP16uPdGWeNkc2OWvPRr/6U8/vrX59ZGXrKeg37xtQmQ+/vint+tv3vxzYztIP3nxqs1+T8HTI1npBLuunDqHwb79j4svlEfAH4F6yG/opq7TRuXcxIPqSjzEyBwXXzDlTR6BduDQMY48WFLjqbBESuyJQe2SG3MpPsWwxMs1ml/4hV9YYxwa4lIcOjTEAb501aetG0j02rVBfMUxfbMJH/zxsAbobT21LrPPNVq24IUvOUox52ByI6COtsMWJG8iiPd+biYCNkKAxrjWCX20Bfl9An2O8cQDGsMm0HhlNErX+YW/QP2NSf9AIlzMLFnPbgnZlhDzlYRAHJDrxusNb/gLN/cbvwbkqdxjn3ps+dwTO59IkbM+mdhi4pHt4Pdlx435xnMr1r8Nlo1svndLNF6y5BtHvjkRA2LKXNMr/cylhx/2RHFoXkGxgU7dWHqKNckHfnNPxCt/TNjTVML8Vvux8YAO6XsK61/ztvmxudOWnPhPuRPB1OGUPqD4MI5/8ESvHZzTF+STxqQvmPpGfw4m7z3i0Zp0HaiTQ8/2HaAN0secOz+cMeYdiuH2NnuXpJUMtPlDX2sGL/1Qv7jvesoLAf7pH4Lq+JDdlyCtDa+FOsPJJgMvsY6XGEyudmuN3uwW72545Qri3V4mR4HsdWPZuPQA6T/b7sCfb7hWiXaLweK0eAW0aweMp3k2c0GqzeJUR2NRuhb89SttQkr96CwYdf0WG7BAXLuTtfDQWSQW35vf/OaL973vfeuJjQX27d/+7esjUHwsWAvNE0ZAN+O0W5w2UAvXItNm04F01IcHueSnp2v0LUxt+i34NuHsCvFunD6oLX5z02Lbo694xfqCo78e97Jtk/jCptOnt8PbH6lZf4Z92zS8VsKGF28+Un/6qacvvmmz88Ft/Pve+951oPv435MqfG1K5szByzZPUvkmufQI0hHyj74/bZzgmk5wbuq1z3FhUFIJ87ESVC8OzRlUb9NGg1+yixPX+ppTYN7xMk69zZ4MvtYH6Y4XmuYBT/EqfsWkj/W9u00XdPiIBXTo00PS5OAoTvG1JiRHXl3xHQUyJVbajHWoOGgA+fjoI0NSyLZv+ZZvWU9f6YRnvqM7u9K/dj5wrXSdz/Q7rKd/8zdUt29A44FxIN5AW3OrrfY9GDN1Ac0bJMdYbeyGM+bV+RlNOgNj7T/WyMteut0wPfjizef2vBvbGntwu+F5xcV9995/8czTYuDpi1//9fdua+oPLv7SX/rWi7e//Xsvvu2vfNvG98F1sOt/0YtefPG7v/s/t6ThCS9+bHqQ68ZGMiNuxKXYlUR6knrwgSfYkvgtepetzzxzSJrYyxY6wp48srO5cK1kC3plvmFvdJAf+E+dHNcAnevQ9UTQvLaG8MGbLHzUk6Wtdrh0psPGarP0JG7CljxfEL2HDdu49Yd9tj3R9eKhfbMtTDbb6UZHOohnPnStTodiNXp02vMhUOKrRJM/Zjvb8QXZVx96/UpynGf1TX+6bmzxCPTHg/xQu/kXq3ybXnhbz61fNFN/a9+5bd/wcMA4MosnOgTGk5t9/Nd8s8U4cvBpHU0dXRtnPDrX6vHVh45M6IGCT2L0+8NyfprXnuU8Q0dH8ulh/bKJbLz0Sc7zJ1no2Ie3duffBz/4wYt//s//+aK1/7EZH3zn/gonkKEPH/TsvwNfe7hWiXYgyASYhSso/YVFya7FKzAFoMBWL2FoAzBOvzoEBbQ+dIIZ7+oTtAl0C+I//+f/vBaKJ7z+9LrF6KCnk7ovU5BNjsUm8VC2UPTRrw2IfO1kKo/pegroFf0pjOYUorEZ2EzIQ09nBzZ76cU29f1H0zYwpcTLPEC89Nt82Mo3ZBirvApeCM2fJ+AfOudPMP0L6w+a5/qCSddcFAf8Wr+Sb2ExXLsxc5x5FXvFdDc++Jk7dfPrptCcG+uwFN/en/XOoqRcmzh2uDp8jDP/2sU9ftaFxLwn7A4cdfzpJwZ8ciKG8LEG6A/IpSNM/+wKuq5NiQ7gw/58NPuC2R+QBfbtQTz0naIJ9OHX3nKM3jVfBfGd+t/YkutPb35zQyth9tcd+fITf/CJi09sicqnHvvUSvYeffSVF6/c8CUPHb44hubZZ7aEbEueNw9cPPPs4edHza05IIPfzZkSGpO+6TDBtXkq1lxnk7o217C40s5vcw6nH0/hXjaYc4iGvHjXZlzYdTyP4fpm92HwacT/Clxxuths9Jfl1Be01xdn1pxrdOjZI+bT7RjOdQHYlx+sbzht1o7WGHW05gXWt3Tf6qBxwJhAfzSVoDlPRvyAazGl3/4gJuwbHsT4pFccArrgU8wUNyDd0j/AE00IknUKwdSJ75VkkO/aOvCgwL6mna7OQOea/RKd88/5ho8bll6zS3d739Qr3bPTNbT34eVmgy+sRbw6T403js/I4p/k4BNk2x342sG1S7QFlSATcILPX4V8//vfv37PuacEc/EcS7ShegsXrwIXnUXQBti46jYycsnyugo6H9NCC8TC0U+uRWuMhYGODHziAbWlMyBbv1KbsXjAc6AffbYoZ11fPM8hWnT4KW0yNgH2amOfZI1tkiUbAx3Zws82JLQOdAc7+TYtvDsI+CbfnwO6fL0A+9iU348hX0C0gfbK6qDraIs/wM9tuvipm4M5Bpq/5lw7HubO/Jgv82L+zAc+2sybJ02edKO3+Uu63/SmN1186EMfWn9y33u05l9SbawnQFA8uO4ggmKH3ulJDzq5NoYOZGgHaIsT9b1Pp++C2pT8kC9c14cPBJPf5BnNfo6C2pTGXQXpjl9y9jz0dV1b7a7x2Hou7rn38JTxuS8+d/H4Y49ffHJLAHwnwk3sa1/7uotXv+bVFw89/ND6lSBj+NhPdfojM14L8eqX5MYnDHhLJjwI8CpQ82L++U7/Xmd1ffax2psfdX34pLN615MOBl2fw1Ogj8w9Pd32es/+PS5el/xOId0XbnSn0M8noplgLEgn/uA/sQ2sFW35h8/NwV7+RLRokhVv12vON97qaANjoLY5T7XDY5CMWVY3nlw6k5tOtal3U6+NXHV7gv3DqxjkdoOfb9ChB3gYA6eOZIdolYDts2+P8cMreUCbftfOLw8A6CXB9bDAOO32SnTa2KEu+dbemkEr0car63SPxjVdfdptPXqIYW3yl/VsPyy2AR78S8/ZHuyv78CfPVy7RFvQCSwLTBL4sY99bCXaPrbWLlCBYBbU+80MTYFZG16wRWERGOM61C7Q9UHXeMcHvYTZAsNfsiHJMEafJMTrFBamxWIRS2YkPWTjAaasdHWt/SpAmy17BJPnMQRkpQv6uVmyg81stPBhm0fJG2CnNpsIH9i0spvv8Dy2Yewhvb9eYPobsm/fxi/5e09TH+Cf2rXN+a9t8ogG1tbm7NrcaeN7saeUbLVe0Jl3fT55sLbMqTh2yPz2b//2xdvf/vZ1QPqos6cs4lrCjY/YIKM1Ymx8HEbeC0YnJiTvdMLbwZLu9JhrDNC/OMM/mD4B6HoShBbEt7rx+sN4Trr6tE95oOt9+zGYciZ9fPdyqk96a6enzZ/b5sXT7fXJ0Nb/qs2fvmQoMeBD/twGLjv8gpA55ufDYf6/1g0U/3oo8B3f8R3rHdHmw01xyQHc6zLb8W+ezFF0+gO6FHNLn8u5zC7lVZhsuAdt8Q/RNwak06T5clwu27U9H7/4xVuxcQp8kRwN+kA9nfKNdW1e+IO/9fEjf6JXT+4xRAfTJ/6gdTP7jHGdbuTDeEwMqqMHrid9uoTJZWPnw2w31l7QJyriUTyjE9/K9CrGQLZCsJcbAv48pttEoCSDTIi3+QCu3fhDekum6SzO7HP2Fu1954q+nfnq9KYDGmO6LvazzzUavqrfPsk3Em5rll74osHHWD6DgB3N7x342sO1+zLkXEyC3c9HedLmLllwO5QK3ha+9rkQ9wsgfqCNwZggWu2NwdsTIQtEwmwjwdfiwMuCsIBbcCWbc8HSv4TF9TFI3lUw/RK2EEMy5vUe8aCzcbANziKnP+zO3l29DccYdvEzekkVGsmXPv5xh88ONGxX5xcyzwEdvp6APdPn1UE+rW+P+sQUnwF1qB3UDtRnXLjme/MbnXGu83XxbH7FqvaexLju4INAP73w9U6huXcz+5f/8l9ec4yfuECjRJ88tNaha0mhkixxgl7M068vV6azsdmhrj3fKOkKsn/aWn/rD+gPg+iMqdQWjVIbDOI34VjbHvCP916PvdyuJz1fSKj541NbcuLg9zqIdcR3EuzXbMn2A9uaQp//vGZizOe3tefJ9x984g+2Q/yT6wC3/two+ck9Nz7GmSNzIulOj8p0yxb8yREv1UG6V5/xgWZPdxVO+UHX0Zjrqe9+jHo6nER0l7SnsDk61he6sVEeo0uv9lbrzfzQDWh3Dfh0P35icwxcm5c5N/VNfxRPMHrz15xkH5i09FM2z3MO462P7ujMh9hUNo5tzjnJtSSyT8rsEWjJSFd6KUHysql2MicC/NDu+/aIP93IVOaH5kX8e/hgr6KnxNe6oCd9ybH3Sb7pZHx64ukaqJOXzmiBdoiezPZca1LdmcpHSj4rp+jcVKeDEpJxB/58wLX7MuQsBavA9N6opM/mbrG08AS+INXuWvtcALMtnjYNWCCHaCGwWPDE38KjhxJaMMDCoAv5xmnHx8JqsUOL0IJSkosW33TUng7nIN0m7MdMXscQD7Z0SMaTDWyx2fQObh+f0dO7Zp4CsIsMPpVoSQbYYsPyrht+nnbjT95VkA++XmDvz2BeHyth8Rbw24wDwK9ALPElem18rq0Db8YOKFabX6W24ryD3xw7ZMyjdjQdApJsm7+6dnKaR+PFvkMJSJ7NvTZzTzaeZENx5L3vvjgsjuJJNyUE+Se79EcDtMHpr/hMOiU+k7669miAvuQeg1Pte0iX9Ik/iIf2PWgzd/Azn3ni8GsilwkKv/bdCOvQvJkTfuX/NRcbfmGrf2YbY919ckuy/aGZ5q6ndupuhJt7dgfpSs/8BfDIJpAPpx/R4l18ZE8QT+VVGFSfZXHaXE769EOj/RRunA7/jvSFQJmdx3AjuEkX0GHyMUd0tS74g38An5oDNPsxe9TPn13n69kH6CQ+Znu89TWPQBuIrvmyNrXRzXU8jCfXOH1AGz20o2WjWBRfElPnszODXJ++dI4UF3hNPaC+5KY33NOmc/aeQmOLGbTGmhMyxL8HRM4ntPS1LwH7Fbvav+yD6cJGbXyFd/RzPukG8ICu+UGJzvj8CPSRbd3Lb8hpX45HvKH6HfjawrV8RxsIMCDoPc12oAMBDwSxgDyVaBektRW4Le7oYH3QNX6C3mKwYMnQRxdofDT6LRyLiQ4wHpJR+rbgPPm1QelvUYF0OAdtSPQ4Btr1Z+sxREMPGwW96QzoAumhzeaCln7Z70m9cfiwQ6nNpmqMjcuGy+b5FPMckPf1BGyecMxGbbO9Mco5nu3NO2yceock36MpfsSAa+3RuxZrjYP6zYNNXKkPD3MsHs2rcd1goferJMZ60oPWAZpsdSU01vyad/NtbeJJB/qR56ezvLbgYBMbnqgal84gu0G8kwejy958QcZcC3t+E7NTfdLWFn6lkL7pA4P4zgMW0AG9dthTLvb5suM3f/P/dfHyzW9oPKE2H+s97BtPLT+uts3v9iYo2ZaAf+M3vnzxw986Ndfae5/Ukzx7Tzrs/ZFPyFXnO+PMqzrMX+ra6QyyH+iP1zmIJrp0CbS3J815BPnaNT3OgRELt/9Oon8bfzJO4t2HEkzfpRPgBz6xjujXWmte1NP7FE6+5OXn+ozXrm22zzkAyYwvcD1pxYkS7RxPT2icdvX8LIaKS6X4EpdKdqPr3DMWfXzJrtQ2MXn5O5314QOvmusgOcbSCW97kd/NdmbZz+QTznJ7oL0sXZXWDd/SoxtViXA2KbXRMVuAMWQll3/J4Bt0feqHTptEu33XGLT4tu60GUePO/C1hWuXaAPBJaAFpGDz0TZ0aLcgtasfS7S1g9pAiwJf6LoNSxmdsRYSvhZDT3rRG2dRSEQlGTaaAJ0Fgk+bHL0sLuNb3CUdNiP05L8QiCeoDGY7PU+hfj4puWIHvvmUbQ59HwP62Blqc6Abaww6oJ0/2NYrA75dzb6+RHfVBvH1toFkO5g+32Pte2gOQD6PZ7EKzUmxia42pWtx0zUaaHwHBd+bA99vkGCZI+1olM25OCdf3WsK/oKkufTlHfOIn3nGv80fLX70Eyt+416bOPck1s9mea+YDuIIH/FGLn3JMxaqpxPEx3W+SDfyO2S7CYTo8p9yIv7GJqcx0c72Y3CqfYLx6Z7etcebr2sDaNBrh37Sb+tca+0Nb3j98iHRfGf/+SL+25gb2+Hvj0Y99tjjax9Zvn3is+sLk+zk426IzA9/ucbDPHvCbT7pNHUFcz6AscbA5n3SKItN1/kA7/qjPYX1nwJ95DeH0ac/eYB+8TyKeF3yO4l33dL5FN59z8FWQD494AR0dDavaDub8gtb6H1T7gkEyiV3G4OH62zXvvd/8ZRO6iCeczx6ZevSGm8sOnzjjY6PYWeBhypiUF18aUeLhs3ZKd6c2fim1yxhvszPYTRTX77NlmOIvj2wsZBOXgO1L7HZ2qE7m+1bzmI2GIsPm/icjyXdeHm4gI/9h37pnByQ31zjbS9Nd7zItjbRADT4W6f2UZ/cS7aNk/znh8o78LWDa5loA0FvYQkyCZxfHxGQBakAF/hQXUDPRdcig/obE+KLV0E82y0KqN4mB9vc6Gaj8bFtyX9P+fDQ1gbDBjq6toAtJPUWX5tH8i0+tugrobEYAbp9aQxQotV2DKMBNkRg08hv+mw2nrBpl3i5+6dPTy7U0WqnvzbXNgaJnZsPyZeSzfrymToExoJ833X9dNEGo/nzAFO/qyDaPZxqB/E1J+zOb/kD5E80xUnXxZW4EVe+4CiBc23uoDluzqF4bJ4l5eYU9MQKPf4OJGsBnZIsT2OsTYCHnwf0JNtaMF7Cbq24TjeQbHbNuca3Nv18EEZPn0kTRhN/OoN4V8+3aPCoP54Tkt08BNFpazx0DRsXT3ZBsvkDtpYc8ubotdt687G2PxrzmS2h5r9t8MWD2+FsPZqLz2yo3VPsz23z5o/Z3Hvf4S/s3bhx+O1mcq09OpNBJtnWPB3TSz0bXKe3urGhNn2BfiDu9OGTHHT5Kr5AGzpjup4Q/axDdHSfOiQvfvE8Bcbd5a/zeGo9eB9gKzcVaalFu9/MhsAvwOj084pb52ojl13ZBuKXPmi08Xk+AurN+x71BZN37dr4ON75RLs2fY3TPucO7vWORgnSMZ83R42ntxi8eZO33UB3fpBTkm0sXmKxNZ8e6ZAdU5cgeekaHTw213NscpVoS4rta/YlN7H2Nw8UnKl0bV+jE8APTXNpv9FmD7PO2IRnuk8dtQO8YMkyPmSkq9I1f9mnyZPf2E/pzPfGoDMeNpYsmCyQLntozB346uHaJtqCr0D0x2P8vF8LQGAJRsmdfomdjaDEtEAvKKsD420KBf6+H2+8LNgAnXFkQjLwMM6dKFrj4OQF3BxYPD66krwab0GVhHQoQmOjt0htDGT7iImddNgvvAlsmv3HaLTZPGwY6i1ouiu7w3fHD21SnlLyvRsL4M58fjxIZ7J9NMcePoFkoNWHf2CMa7IBfQC/5Ttt/EPGnwWw/SoMus7XzR8Ep+anMeiKO35w3dw2TqkPnbJxtSv5p7HRurYOzJcn2m6C6uPL/BlfPPpyDhmefEr4esojTh2u1pr5lOiZY2sOf4cveeaZbDR44qUdOJjT0dqC5LMBooV0w0O9PnTo8VXmpzC6MN+gM9aBWqy7Vm9cMaZN3XyAeIlbOlnr9AJo8IFkNIfomwv8azOWL7W3hvgMrfexvWbzutd90/pDUU9vOuiznoz3R1KUfk/buM9e9j27JdjGmwc+Vj7++GM3dWVzn5yRoc0cuzaP9KO3azryKzl05At9/KGeb5qz7M2Hrvkwf9BBW3SAHHV6AHTo6wd44TkRX/oajx+gh/0RPdvxOIeS5ubEGAjq3/472PfclgBvNPRH/+yzz6w14S9u8u8z2zWdwdR18lOnH9BH53wLjIfpEZ95jZ4+0XYN8wE6PPPznqc+fsvfeKDTzpfaoXUpNq1d4+jCp3yA1tzjba27oYbq2tA4K/BpbGDsRDTNefE09bHOukaTTa7xRmN8samv/gldo3d+so/s7/me71k/X+o8+4//8T+us4lM+xw7zDMf8JmYKwnv3MJPn4cJYoGtdJl+Bc2VtnwiVrWpk9V4bejph0a7/ABf+6qcx34RL3T0iB9egOy9H44BHnfgK4drl2gLmoJCoAN3oIJPwinYbA4WBFpBqxSobbwW4R7QQeOV+83XuMaGsz+dWuDRtmAsVgtUvXFoyLHoLVLJdl9UskkBB6sNAb12yTVbLDIf0XXYvBBI5leD+Sg7+ZTuoI2XfuYAtnGQbbPydM5HdObMYe+AL5Hjm+bPGGCcNnaiRxevNpOvJ+CzPRxrmxt0vuDbEOTXiUDJV+ZG4sVX+PGh3251oGj3upVECz3fi0VILvrmOuDvNvT0QGOOQU+xxKY/5uTTC/H6xje+cf3ShfhubsmjTzFjLWcnfWYd0Cndup4lQBv9OcC7vWPagL/x2Yz3nj/aiVO/fKKund8BW+0DbO0ALtatc/PhL9u6wW49O1T5jr+1offnv5tH8/fEltRA78E/djmn+tB4BHtTx00Hem1aLj30iw1zb+8xxhokz5O5fFM80FOpnR5sO4WATPRKsPTZAB8ojtKB361pcWn/tj+wIx+eQ0B/gJ82dqZjdswxe/SrLgsu53rNI7ycx/VvKznUX8q8557D+eDTAjc+/mS9OfL6TnCg/3LIH6dgyd74HNMz1H+Yy9MQn6X/0GXyoUs0QX1Au1htjy1uQH1ixl9NtM7dbJtHNHjzSftC86E9/tmBl5hINpriTR1GfxWgic8xxNP+o/SA4K/9tb+2YuSd73zn0teNghgUf+wWW2jZTg/8rdUSbXryg/YeQLHftTHngD54Zr+6NmPxmH60PtXbO8mH9Oyhlb2m/WKei9P+EJBDdjj77sAfH65Voi34BJ0gbxMFgk7SYKGgEWyerFVHa1MXgAUWKLAKMgE/sfYZkBOjEfxAWyVsoUg+JMsWhjE2ILpYxPrpVt1B57Bx2OJhjATGgja2w8m1hIYMCTgZyT8H6faVYjYpzYVNlK5tMvSiC79oa3Mw1jyUIPuZOPr/0i/90sWHP/zhlaz7E/Y2N5uUDU/ZXDQWP3X8ADlf71CcVQdthID/gDYI0Gnfj63dvDj8vK6h5Eu/n2xd2JDf+973rphzQOgzl+a1TbqDosMSmAdj0gd0wOArxs0/ef/tv/23xettb3vbxbd+67euGDGeXmIaogV46jtm05zn5NYG1KOd484BGvLwM5781mBtYRDvdEjfSbOHY/uNceJXn9JacdMpWTa31r5fY+ndee9oP+Fd620+nn7m8GmAhIav/3C70f7DLcnx03+t//Unwu8/zKP5zCbt/M3v5JgziTYZ8SPbUzxzTldjb47fSrqXAJzCfDT9A7MdH9f2LLEAxagbs7e+9a2rrC+fncL2BPakF1CvH+zHTVywTc9KrsONnz9H72cSXW8cFhn6u+8++AHNYY0c5PgLnEHzvYf0OwXG4bvXcaJ+eA74bk9nbHNkDtDMeYHpp12/pJJt4gGKJ33OI+etG0Ol+OELvPBGB/FEbz7UswHQTR9MLzTkweIu2qtsBmiScQytCfH+gQ98YJ01bm7/4T/8h0t38lzDaEu026esMQ+3XPMHfdXZgFYssnXqO+Ufu85ethprfbf3otHGv/iRwa9onJ3mxw2Ds1I/Ptb13LOnHs1F8TF9n6/vwFcG1yrRFhiCREBNsCgKSE+A3WnbDLRLXAWRwLJoID4TC3x0Fg8U7GThG6CpH84gLlDjCdBYfPGnd5sQPfRrJ4vekpUWVYvGU0DJjI/k/MSamwmytJe8gBb8OUi3rwbpRibfWvD0At0A0JUN/N+mYRydmyN9aB3sPrLz5+vxtcnZuIFEo5sNGxyZeOTLEo65qXy9QDYcg+KIP9gOZhvkxzkfYddKiVOfHNig+cvG/Ff/6l9dNzd+f15CY974F4o582p8m704nZsz0J8OxotnG79YMCdikUw3Uw40N8KSb/Ft7iV7xQX+5Kqz0zwX08kAtXVdCfLnKZ9OwBOiZQ891OlA/vRlcIw/m0H0oPg0FvKDa7TiFNoPumGkh5jnW0nvX/krf2U9/ffFLOP4y8/74fOFza/tEebRX4c0x97LRmse8LX+1qH/4OGGln/1P/vc4UvakG760CvnvJfgs8k4qD0bATtPIfpKGH3zqq39jA/Isq+95S1vuXjPe95z8V3f9V0rZiePU0hn480hHxoDmt/iaj9uoln+0he3/ze6ZeelrSvRvmyLb/X1jvZW99cgt8qyS18w6xPicwqMm34/hvrnXByDuVZBvqSnOhQHaJY9Y27o0BoRb/kYorXO3RSaM+eseBFvsCQvv8cH3+RCoD8/Jb+9ALoG+STac4AuPx1DNtuH6Pi+973v4p/8k3+ybhbsib6v4uEAfelozWazvRNve5un93Sxduhobepjuzb19J2yQSWe6uhaewCvOS/J5nMx3jyQiwY9PY13A+DLkhJv7fRBJxYAfdjmWh3vfJ5ed+Arh2uVaAuIAhAIKCDYLHSldxUlEfq8f+oJjQBz2AssNIJUm4CDweQvGWjDqt34NgJ88KwPKGfQxt9CEPhKci0m+lk8yhLS9GoxWFSe9EqI9EuybRRAH5hj/yyAfmwkn+4O+3zL356aWrwSKnfaDk0bVH5ju2TBJm3OJNPG8bc/ae9de+OM8boBn7LPZsPW5oEM/pz+/vMO6bovA9eh+ZyxN9vMwax3PeviTUJmPvjTHDkUrQ28fv7nf34ldQ4dvtdfXIs9PJT48X9862tt6DOn0JyZW/Py5je/ed1AAWtSe3Ft/mDrRhudzCnUPmU058mPHkz/AH3ngL4Qffobk8xsBWj2/AF6NqYj+nRUAn38oY1P2WWcNTP9xe/2KF/G6icP0Vk/ktGnntr2iaefWQm3tQ+f2Orm7OltPZBPlwcf8InddhO/1cmiLr3QPL3xeOrpw2+dp2tzLTkg36sqYkOSL3b4gQ2ADHq7zhenMD8EXUP9AC/rnv3QayMf/OAHV5Lt060ejux575HdbOBLPBvT/CXzHB4y7Vsxc7hc/69r4HUR18UJ/26DL+NTLN518aVb4XE5/svB2HNgHB8f0zPU37ycAvangzH5ZfpULABttQPjoOu+v2GOxKLYk2j2U63GiR1zAMVUc58t6THlwOzQr70Y4dvmbfK4ymaAJv7HkF+sK3b8+I//+Hqo82M/9mMXv/Vbv7VuKtZ62eIoPTpf+ApvccZ2+jq70Omjn2trCQ9oXPaCdJhoXHsD/u0lIPn253jyrzZyjdWm31lsH7Hf22vZ5VymG1p6NTf45uOp3x346uDaJdohKDgFjmByQEjIJHeC0LXNAk3JoIAzTr8yBJN/G5G6gJybQQHqsIv+WNCSa5Mi02KwOOhBx5IbSBcLyOFjwbbwoDFssKC046XNhtFiIlvfXv4e0vGrQbLxYU/20cEGxd8SOweltj4SR0M/YzzNYg878UKHL9s94e5plyd96G1E+PIP2yUAjXH99QbTl8G85lvQ3IPaXM+4mDyiBfHzlFSM8KF+cefG7aMf/eg6ML3Swa9isFgW34E6XycreekAza0k2vyLB/NjfiXaEntJvgOKDh0KSnOHnzGQLDGCrvaZBKPXdsxOOH10Dlr3ZAE8Afna2QH2vJUAf8hv0SuNp2P+q08bej7oabT4zt9e4+mVDTq1rpX55rOf/dzFpx//9MUffeqP1hcen3nm6Vtp4MaDzJv6bXKX7zbZN7a5M7c3nvIU+9AO6N5+ad2ZJ/gbv/Eb6zWO9ky+Akq2KK9ac3SZc6HOrnTUpi5ulPrcdNs3rHlJd335/RSyAw0bxWlj6N6cHBv3PNz0/IZdyBz6ttK/rUJHerM/e5TF0hpz18H/AO0xMOYcGIff8/Tbof5knoLkkwcbO6FYmH2Nc81GcSkWvQPsVy/s5eaKr4uhFWuXN6f0wgPGN5y6gOjAjA9YX6jtKpvBVb6jI/A6m33mR37kR9YTbXo5q4BziU3otePJXnVrwPqlq7Wj1IfGOHubOmRTPKYOe8QDTFuNtc742FqMVnt86Uif5Ds37e1sNFfWkj2HTvYWZXwmguzt+g788eHafRkSCCCBWPAXgCVmAqcnoIIVaEMPWgwTC/JolPFtsaBBK5gLdO0WSzQzWNEnV3tjk6mPLS1kCQh98YsW0sHClsA6GIGDukWGD9vxOAdTx1MIjrWHdMv3ZLvWLjFw3YLXRj/68wNfQZuzQ92Gba7YxW71/O2pnl9b8HTbeD5BVxJGDr/hZ+x1AvYBNkLXzWuxo624zP/qXUP+EiPq/K+P/1oXkj5JjbhxLbnBP/nmmAxJDB7GwnTBs/hGozT35tb8O6TNGzn4kOO62CEnHumnD+rDz/yyl3zt2gI02V0doj8HaLIneiUdARmu8Q1dw3Q1hj1oW4PxjE9xbxw7SrLNCRoHqDh3CFoTwFM1T8w8cbOejPv857+wjfv0xac/8+k1d2TeezkXfgUjnWTeS7dL/ZSrfYODb2/9FT7zRC759BArdPrN3/zN9bqPPjyMN1bZXJiHc8APcI43RhtYum3oWj+0hvmRLpI21/n8HIonpdg1ng2u2QnJJmeO2eMWEc9vo+RqP5Sq+NI5nvdt9vjFF9fm42DnRng5zvUxMPYcGEfO8/TZYf47B+jIgo3L13O8dlA7aCy/WdeSNq8jiN9iHU1rWVv+hnhNHsme+oBkKvfxgU998Zpr/xSk2yk0jz4d9qoItMa0s8/a1A+nbnQR+8WANUofa1bZurCGtKlD9MkFx+qtgfxmTPtsvgP4kaUNjVKbtZIs8qExbLGH4InWWamN7sYkG89sVU/eHfjjw7VLtAWFBSKoBYZAFywCxYJ1ZymI3H17moamAxCNQAvwCvFAW7A5SPFrwei3ICx4MpOrD99wgmsbEijA8aW7dv02M0+4Srjxpz/ZbUAtdEl2hxCb2Eonh7Onl2jPQbacQnCsfWIbQQcMHehEB/NC55Iq+tKLXIm1pwbG9MSM39nMdnbQ32bhoJew8Zknr14p8eTBmJ4c0CU/fb0CG05BcYmmuKqNP9uMof7qUD//S0D4O3q8+FobX3Y4iC+bsDaAhznFQ2I451QfPngAfMk3V147+LZv+7bF03yS2/ygb/009wA/PFyjTc/W2OTjGuifSL4SoD8H5LEj/9HLWPyVxsczjDfa5oA/2FHyYXz+ydb4mYeeYpPLT16r6ektGvuARNoaguZjHY7buM9u7ej4mJzWHDnPPnN5Y7D+MqHy1sfD92+yHrjcb7z+QFdjrD86eJquj/5080XE7/iO71jt2tDigz/Z2rLvFDZXbELPf66Ncw2Ba3yV/GaseASujQdoTiFfgm4eycaPrsarp/9pJGPIOQhdfGs76H6I3X5lZLYtO7drtIAtx4AvzoFxeN3U5QhOH54CdDNuQbxD+tfOV+k8feZLg14n4l9x4kGPuDe+uDdn6JOXbHwgvlDb1MnY+sSHPm10KXZAvMxpOp4CY9LhGIora86vjThfJNjWmrPF+WQu6cKe5GmDxgL0gB/QtaasSb7Il/kEkL0HbWji71pcWdd0APZq5yqeeGlvX463MxbaH+wZaCcNHt7d9qtskm97qHayyOdbsuN3B74yuJZPtAVym2yLT8AUQB2CFpBku0VQQEPjWuzAWFgffsfAmJCsOQ4YG2rDJ3p0ghtGb2HQy4K1WCwMgHcHlH6QHIvIpgdtCD7eMw6isSnyAVoLiy740QFoh2iBdjIgWtfZMKExSsCONhx60FXdpkUXTzYd2nxPD4d5PPQnjw+gsXRnt3ZJOlq+kah498x76vzUnLbxGRugx5us+O9tqX3S5YP0mrb+aQM5yUpX1+mwR6CPz4sT4/hZ0obGPDokG+OplPVgw/VRvZgwJ9pt0uYEH761eeNrXvfykmMe+BoYg6f5NqZ5Eav0aE74HOChjnexCZsTJUSHhlywnxP9c1zxjgaiD2Z749TZKX5c093drtXbAAD/9ElEQVQY19E2NtTGx2Qam/9BdkDt1qa45Wc+ff3rX7++e+CJvzHmgm/085k4Nx/GWUf+nLo/NrNpsPwEqZSP1K0DT6z75Yv77jsk/ffeaw9xk3XvkkMf82TfUFprdGIvfd3Ufv/3f/+60aULX8yD35cA19Pcb9jmYP27FaN+1eSeu7e9bcNDz7Z+NjoJ/r2bL9nqXea779oSsMu/oogvP/MpXciznwD1IBkQn8o5Z+Ag4zBn6vg3TltzDicvsM3savdHaPhxI70pd43daLZiJdQXmx1o/ba2v8ypj4/RAWWYftDcxW/J2sZCeuhTiqsAHfqJ6PHShz5MHhuLXTKKWShmgH7zCpKBp/UsDu0FYtaNl/VkTsSLkk+TYxw+yY7flOlTFz+L6OcP+emey1h6auPL13dvuuADbn4BdasXW9t/q4/OIL8B/cYmiy5s5A/xZIw9jW2uJdkeBIhv68Ea88SevdagNZM9ZBiLr0+A8LWX3lwLmwx96DqPjaWfPqA/SFd9eEBzjV47HvnXOPron3v53CfMVbHCPgm5/cJ8iSW2a7efsJPu7Mkf5LjhPuwnBx8fA7qc6mc7jOYcn+sO1y7RNpmCIxBQsMUqIAW8j0U9EfI7n9EIUoumxRIYGwI8OsjA7A/TozoQcCHAR1C7Rgfw1Ia/fjxaoBZJmyGejbc4jdcH9VmULUylBMqi0o/f4fA9LFr0FrKF2fXUmZwWTXrB7Ahco9GHN57ajKFDvvWkwEaWng5z81HiXCJhHPvpSmdj9eMJ6eunzrxLbHO0WfhmOP7mkh7GmVt1bXjwWfqHdNnPFRpYez7QFn20jfuTBnzDKU+9eZ/9bJ3XSvR8KX5spEpjldH7koxPBhwsDh3JHvApg7niu2KHr80ZvsWk0ka/Twpt+HzuCamPZZuHY3EPXaOnU/PU/CUj/wN1wB50yvrw1x9vekKwp0cbJgstGjbTiz7a6Zffom+sNshuNHyJPvnKaPnBAeggl6jwuS88ugEV2/mdzWLburBndeOj78knzYtE4cFtnRw+rtb++c/7C52Hd8Uf3PrIlZB7yspmyY1xeD+3JYT/5//87zWvdCCf3ubLmmSPG1hz/r3f+73LH+IFT3Ttt5Lpe+85rNHNQOLX2JVkb+3ols82f6Ep+T785cXDnEi6t1GrP1+qN+f5uvipHx7supVoK+mIxrUyOXRRAnT60EIytKFRes1Ge/MHtxlc7137pGAbfJBB96003h+oKXmUFeajqbMSbXHNl+lJVvEvftqvzTseAA+YrUpj8Or62JpIl3yIVukaXWdHa0UfueZcTEqyPckWo2LFvo6GHYCerRlt+RRN6Fr7PduN3l1bDKx1vSXSbv4EzvrLpVus+ilK/usmsT93L0HflF3zoO/BBw+fvLAhvfMLedrYZP/jE/7Ubp2i8RDA6yLWn7PHeWltWm9ojLUW2IYXP1lnZHj6zT/2O/XkQTpZ29YSv7OZb9INoAF4aidDiT8a17UZz1f62Iqncer2XLpD+rCV7urmKn3yvbnRbv6awxJvfc2hccUMKJbwiSc67XgA9foB3Rt3O8K1fKJ9DlqIgsgh5NASVBaUw8yi0LffoASNIHKtvboAK8iA9hDdCwFjTyEe+JMPtXVtkVhEFoGNAC3bLEKL0eKUwPqLi/rYaRFZkMCYDkr6WpjooGuLEZKXv/AA2VwZug4BfYzBZ+pOP4uaLuTboOiK3mZuHjxBs6nrl6jZ6OhlLB1tInTCTxIg6fbkQLsv6LiDN67Nhh5tKNlHnzY+gJc+7WIAqtNdnU/po64NDzob7/pPG+h2CvTRgX7pSD/xILbFiza+ZRPfOwD40MfAfjvbHPzgD/7g4tfhYTw+jYX4F2vzYDB3PTnB13xI4BzIxuEB0BdTAC++p1dzoQ3gD/QD/ejY25h0mHOgPlF/85d/mtugejEwZfEB3MtX7uvsZZ82e44Sb+OANj8ZRgdP0vz1VIc9f/AjH9qT1KH5M1/q4j/fADaRpSQbb3pmcweudkAH9WICrbHWIB2sEZ88WE/arSU/+fh93/d9ay8hGz+6Q3NNBtl3b0mzMsjmAz5/PhZc+mv9JvWGdMFf6foU6gc3+VzClB2P2RbUPnWJN+C3YhWfpeMlNoZN1eMxIbn1T/6NBdGZQ22uo0VXzGrndzS3fPp8HegKu44XcB39XG+tA7StETTiA9oDSrLFn/kWN8ZIWNMNJic9uj6H6PA03jXdbtw43FDfdZc1TefF6iR86bnDOkvmft3qE6N4JoMN6JwRnmT7oi+6klW2u8aDjc0PNE4732nHS7v91Bj8oXr7IDq60MtZhgea1nP+QwPtl3jyTfsAG9DjC7VlM2g+yYJku25eXTv32aOtduPwkw95uOJGgw/YZf7lCXRMBiSXPsr8sY817cps0347wm2XaAtagWGDEPwCTnKhbX0UuwVaAQIERgHUIi1wqsMCSHsYj1PQGOUpjH/yoLoFIBGiLzkWlQVU4gLUJaDQQsHHYuIDqN4CTwY+fAKi095m7Dq9ZjlRG+DTeKhrxweSLXEoAdZG3zYDm5/F7vUe8iUu+hw05oFN5tD4bhzw0C5JkDDQ5Rd/8RfXN6zx9AVK9jowbB78ZTMDZNAxnwTa4SkoLsgm72sJyecPPhUXbahsskGH9M02PvZLI3zry26SPvFlPWizmaPLX3zZXJsDHzGKL5suv/KhteU1CElk/WSKAfqYyzZ4/qOfsn7QPKAjSz/QX4xp04emca71w+r6yJ8HjL4An+a5cZMPEB9AO9rG7OuArxqfXHW+4VNz5CDziojfM+cnfu1gK6m2vtEX5/r5hZzswNtYdXq03gCZ6KF6eqAxX3Q0N5IM66NDVYz4M86u3RC4WXIDRg598FcHaFe8bXzxBtzAu/6yorYvT7K3ctFtPtt0xs+TdX8eng2H1zMO/jyF4Ba/54N+vgb6DzrcihnylHPdLrkbAr5sjdQ2IZ7Jj8eE2pTJg66NJSOdtJEHph76taeL+W/8Mfn5xnV8klm88Is5o5Pr1o5xQIx4yGH/7YZvPqBBD8i3/sWBsfgFh/k87PlTxz0S+ewXN9rLtQ7o69MWMO08B09tiXnrAj17DvwPcaAPX+eb/taRc8WnONagG0xnQzcVYhrgxSfNAcxnyUDLDxJt9fbZ2q0fewJdjLHG9FlL1iHAE9KPrvRB0012tHjwrVIbfnRrfPsBdF381K7MHohPMaJurzHffOCpvsSbv8QBuSXw6LMf5BvQnIXFA3m3I9x2iTaYC9Hvw373d3/3OvA8PfVLFt0lCroCZ4K2Agivgqq+kIwXAvE6hoF6ciwKC9CiswBKhCxeSQ20AQpqfRaMDcUNhadW6Ixjr03FhoC3xWMzgHTnA3JsSOrkkpMe6RROfUHj8yOedEqWxY6GfpI9SQUd+2UDY9hoM7Hh09WGg4/Frg7pry3dS7YhPt4r1f/v//2/XwmlzVAiz0dTZ3rRL9vzLxtc0wco+QKitZntbf/Thvx/DOia781/hwponH6l3yX2axJiwmsB4sMBC/jcuBIrGz/kJ+3Gm0dATk9gtVlPEjf+73DDI5+14dZWiU4/SOcOHzTFEWwcPaLJvjB+UD2a5tD44jtek4862ua+a2NB9VnCfCYerUc+MB8OMH4Ss77w6IbQ2iRLLOtzsNIJvTXak0W+1YY/PfhwHqTasoMu2WE+YLTastWTNUm+n1u0/jzZM5b+vjD+Mz/zMysu3vGOdyxdS/j5k03A+sbLax+HiLz0HaTD0uNWQnl4VeTgT78zTZ53mdf7zxsak+6ncML+ujlIL7yaf+3k8a/6XLtLjw0B+mK0NpD8KXPqCvANamteAPrmgpwAbfopXaeH0njzv/dNY0GysyWZxsdLe/bHy3XxZYz3r70uZK75UT86e6Y9AC98OmeShSdUh/rS8xiCg60Hv2yWrDZPsr2/T046ngN/sIkOaBsD6ED3dLUe089DAw8D7FP6rDGJJbQW0DmjzFU88YLsco2PtaIND2eP/dbZUVJsby3Rzo9o+JbPybGWjG8/xddYNHDu4cAYNpkvOuKtTM/8EHQN0z2kA15k04Ff6KONHyTaXhWyF9FJP7pieCbt0y+geU5f/bcj3HaJdsEmYAoagSHhFhwCV3D1pFWbQCmIBItxeMxgbSMQUCGaq6Cxp7AATe94atdvvMOZvugAPVt4FqiEyWFvg2SvPmPZZvGi8eQK4Gv8KfvSK9n1dQ2ynz7JAPkQrYVMF4vVhsQGG5brkhLJsE2Qvy10ybgExbXN0LfDJQqSc3zZYdNIHjsl1drwROe3gP/pP/2nFz/3cz+3xhhfQo0v3do4bDz5kV5QPzoI9P1ZQr4OZh24tgna3Nltc+RbIAb4A7q58U72Rz7ykTXmO7/zO2/+2XuvCpg3dfMoNsyH8eaMf82DUmw5kD39JMuco3Hg8A0fKvmr9QTIVNcGihcxVIw3j/ndNbrirvgC5msCehgtBHgY0xySXxt+ZONV/APtydXnGgb6Zgn4B6S7uXCjaC7wdiPC5+YKL/En/tHxO59LysW5PjGa/fjhka5QW3rBabtYULIRj/holzx7L5Uv3vnOdy59vKsKzOe73vWutXb++l//68smhy5djC0poIc59kXG5561Xx72NcnSoRzxepmEbzvEuqbHTbxsa71l4zEEeOMVTsAPoJljAP/oNybf1Q4Ben1g788pDx+0tdVeCdT3c4d3sZGuYK9DfkDT/O3thgBNiEd1/XiE1udM6MSXdWxuob3BzbZ4RG+uxUDrme7Ft/3RNXl4Bck3Zq/rROBGjJ352xdK/XEl72uLoRcCEm1AX3zwnn5wzW+te3HuKbYbSw8X+GA+wXdNd3bjl8/tF+JfnSy85AuAn4DEuP2RbLIk2nyHHi++rU6GPvzwNx7PPkXQhg7NWmcbHci/5iA9tbWXzTp9IXC994s6fV3Tt4cD6Minj32JX9qP6I++fCJQ10d2/GuvfrvBbflE24QL1jY6IJgkIJ7sCDjBJMgElBKtoBaQaFt8YXz0hy2Ic9DYUxgvdPhpow+gg8UgybYILF6LE9KbvhaNjdV4/TYR+nuK5h1MNxj4SQIsDBuERaINf5tHC5n8Nof03pfGQXUI6g/Zw8eQDLrwPTn08Je4bHo2QDpqbx7Qs8GXWG0GbSRs6+YovyjJYwM/uNGQMLz73e9eT+h8cfKnf/qnV7LpcDHHEm9+A/kTH5tcNvFDduj7WsD0L5jXfMK37OBD79V6uk9X9rhh4adf//VfX7754R/+4RUHfuKJ//mVP9CwVbInATRP/ChGrA/8yBJ75kecuTHqVzPwNr6YgIG6sTBfalM3BrABmBf9xWW2Zqc+Y5QTpk8q2dQ4mE76k02esjHJYK8+Y5K156+EbKevg1JcOqjUyZDcuqnBgy/5jk748it/u9nxRJm++AA60QHiM9FYiE+00ZNDhnnCD715FOt0gRIB9G5Gf/Inf/LiP/2n/7QSbn/23R/uECviSVzgaTxgq3Y8n3768DrC+vWQS/naN6pFS4/lte1yuW9DPXgsO9ZPEG468/89z7/R3yOIP5z+r2weZ/+ct31fPgT68t3Bpi/fw0K0cA/G7OUaiy/d1MGct+Ig/aJLj/q0xRukC5p4Rbe30zrVZk27oTOnYs2XyO279gh7gHl1w2zfpHO8xZJ41t8+a41MuQH9XZ9CvyRyi+5wM6j9/vtvJY7RnIOnnrqxbvSMYVs+NV4bXdllDeq3J0qy7Vdka5dkd2NLB2vYODzw40Nrkf369ZFhfecLfPg0eu38x5/GWH/a6IR//sOXT+2/dHDGmR/0wPkzz2Fw8NMh+WYDmfi0X+mnn2t1+mh3DQFe4sFY8mE3UfrI8xqg85me9hA34L4036fQgI38Rh+Q3OIv+bcr3JaJNigQlRaYgLapSCYElsAp+EsqSrbQtgGG2uMbtiBOQcGnPIXpWbAKYAtB6ZoervFRp7OFbvGjsVAciiVDdMfTInfQ9p46Xkp97G2Bszs75qKdOG1AA41prHZQqZ+eUJsNhI740N37gSX+2uhlo+rjN/aaMwmBJzDozJtkskTZvDk0yLcp4GesaxuYuiTCayVKdvlCoMT7Pe95zzp40EhUycKPPflqP29/noCtfGSO2QD41bvqH//4x5fPxDqb+9Pe4kWibU7EPnoxwGYbq/jhW/MkPvAXW7D5kbB5SuQQMx/WS3PNR3hBYGMXa/wI1TucircOg3mItB4A3tHEIwzmHGmPHj+QXmygr3o6KKdcfWiSEd/4AGOqO9j5URt/iF8ldLiJT351QwfRSnrMn7HayMePfmFrKhvwzxf0cs1nkM7azRka8eDQNEfQayOSa+32h5/92Z9dr8+xWez7s+cOVDqRi4b+YksMkMcnZPhNb8mOV0YOiTLki+bFnLvc/oMbnaeZ9J2/771RLtvOYfMU8ocSqEM2KQH5xgF0bIHNI4g30Ld0uRznOjmwdmW6nANjGh9v18bzHdRnjvDV1/xp16YvXscALzTmDiQnHkC/tS727HHWtlizv9kX0XU20MFYfOwFnQna6QtK/NJPn2t84KwfQ7o+8+zhvPAa0YqprfREW3/n1VWAT7qCqU/7FLu1W4dudMU/GZJafeznD/LETg+o2KrNfCjpZBw/Ka0ttNaBJJkvjcMjPmjpgxe61jI6a8ocWGP2AHTJ0g/ZVjy4ntD18uWGbOQH/PFwnW/o61p7PLUbx/f6D3Nx+MECvJ0H9Af0Z38PoejsvHam8CO6/JIe8HaH2zLRLqgEQEEsKAtuSYNExCHokOmwFEDGWAiNDQUWMD68KsCMaewpBGjiRW8Lmw36tavTzeZoEVu4dEYXHwsDTQmQBRMPC8nhq51t7LbpqIMWXQsPTL2n/ca0UbSI9fFHQDae8cKXfvQ2RvJvw5J0sMNmZVP0lJSOeGmzebLBayWSRJulTc3ckYuODH4pOcDfXBvbhmeMJN2TWH+QwxfD2O/J+s///M/f5A2Sm+3Z/bWCKZ+9runXE0cH6vve9771pVDvp/NLnxK88Y1vXEmWw8WG2WbsoMBH/PCXTVRMOKD4yjyZM338BPArgSwm9aE11/wMyXANySg+ajNf2oA4AeSIqeImm2sDxs0YA+gm6p80yaKXWIDx1qdOBltANmjL19HPEvIhv/KhhNXNnJuQ/KdfTOlXind+Ng98DeiGls/oZl75An9+oEfy8g29jEOnhPqgNmtBfLu5sqbMqfVi7K/+6q+uV4B8GfbHfuzH1hNtrwW5USUr2WJGnZ7G0U08OGgf2BKk/OonBD2l5HLJ080vOB4ctXihlWSjL/6eeebWn+0+hWQ2Rwd2hxKoQ+sd0DFMZrL4pbHRgPShr7al5yWijxainbpMmHESom2M8XRgU/okj4/pAPRPXSsBGQG/oUv/7AT44uNm26d55tYea53qE9vOATdf6MReuplfdTHovEBrnGv8jYfZpywW1U+h38v2Scjddx+emM/9ApC7Wbhoz4FXlvxcJHnk5kfXdLQ/acPXAwExLu49ROEHscx37YP2T4hXyb6x9EDHRv34W8N4GWfNe6qN1loXg2SLV/KhNvzi7YwjV+LKB/xrXerPl1A9zB/o0bG1NaOffHYDMsVS6xctoC86PjcWfWcl4BP6tdars5s9xtHb/mDfAPQWQ8lKXzqC9L7d4LZ9dQS2CSirg4KphFu7xeNwBNoEpQAWbII7HkC7tn2wqQs4fdFoiwZog+hmO6jNAhHoFgmZ5LhOPprqNgGbicWrzYKyQdrA4qVdnb3ei5bQ0qGPEQE6unR4WXgOVou2jUSdXejwhHQmU592fLIL6tdH3qTBTx/9W+BtWvi6lhjTWX+JCn3xYW8JBBq+oof5glNHqN+c22hsFMbEgy78hb8DSuLtLh4/+hhLDmBboI1uzTU55wB9tKcw/dXzISAXGu+1A19m8vG/Lzp6ko23xMrHpRJtetFfTEPXaPBmK74OALEifshzcDTP5gbqtzE7nCWU+ukQvwAtHtnnOkj3fNd4+kF1vtNPr+jwmG3mQTn9mK61i6cpXzsEjWtsJUCTDTPBJBO4jo9xbmrEsY+mrSmxayzf8pnkOn2sI/EEm4vWAP72GuV+rtFYB0q88Neujb/wIcvaEMvf/u3fvhIMMS6+JRySZj72047G+4Im1A4Oic7BPnrkB2OUdGKvuEFz3z33bgpucyOxfq51vfl7u+Zx9PRdf6jm3kPpyTdeB3/f8jkbDrSHPSr70UbPxmLFtXZAT3xCuk1Apy0fwmybOAE9JKc6aNyUtZeNJkCrrfhO7xIjbYBubBNv+OhvDHoxgQbgry5moLoxHmCY/26YoDjTrp9P+Zb9+CnxztfpScdkoFHWlr3G5QsYX3W0bMlW/PVt3li/N54sfatt4/fUloAbc3il6NY5eAy+eKnLtCMwFkoK7X1vetObVuzThS+0W4/spDM/s48u2aUdf2Pwtn7yjbWiDy/rDT0ezhPnh+TT+mOLdaK9c9mnCuRbZ8ag148fpEfIBrzJDekHtKNHM9dKkO/rozf69mu8tGvDE6qjB/q7rm3qgp+YAs1Be1Z6xgMGjd+3Xze4rd/RnhNbXWni9UssLKISNcFiIdn4BFMBKeCUbUiCSwJWAOFV4EfbuPqUs8+4Al87BPGz8JSuS0CToQ3iI/h7Im+RW+BtFsZZ3Hjr025D8EQZvcVPDj+gKQkwDh0ZxgD9c9Gku2t6KLVlb/1BdXzQJ4NsY+htM6QTW+mobmMyR2gBGgmxp9xKcthm3sjIb8pkKkP05ho/iaN3l7v5IJNsQB83IhJaSYrESoLLR80fZDcfQZvaC4Gpzymkp3hjb+9Y9mQB2rzZzX+eXnpS74kq2+ho3iV4HTJoxQo/FccOZ9eQPL5mfz6E5kvixj/FibHs1k9X9Rkf6hNc16YsXkDjxWsxA4PZhiZeYX0QX3bWDiqB9vQLQeOBfnGHF9DOTnOr7rD1J435TNw42N2IGKeNfCh+rKVuWM2Jfr7Djy38rMyP6QDYne14Q/XG0Z2e5KCjQ7/CYz9zmAOxI259cuemQJKNlo7G53d1MQOaH3L00Xkd3Ns/bZtXVlJ9y49r2NIPPXsOeCuBwg9fiTZy/XjB6Kf94EB/QOPJSgZM/gTXyQL5FwJ9EOAVxqv+Y3wr65902Qnqm3oDclzztbqYcs236vZED3zEjTHWMv+gZYd+pfHWtKer3rueT67xmrYbv/cBGm2AnOibu3xS+7RhAnr80RUjaONDhlF+bUbMbNK2PiU/HOZ1Y3z4o0bjC7XHAD/0JZTpo84f4tke5VM8MW6vsuacEW5E+BWtdZGNdAX0dQ206WeX/dK1BzPWGT5s0ma+7JfQejM39HAWk4OefA+G2l/R2F/J4ittEwG79giaE7pN2upk04t+6OigrxiLj3rzihesjt5YtI3RNvvEnRsI/i5miyX96UOG8domXle4bd/RPgcFkqAQKA4nT+wsGIvJR2/6QZudwBVcSm3GWSygAFIWoAVZQQqTq6wNzDHH0ObgEJz0bW5Q3aK2MbTg6NzCpgMaB75SXxuFRJPdNgbJHPtd8we56NlJDl0CPNmnDY3SdXalK9BHp+xUAnIkcRaqDcqmSEf66cNPaX4kB3xADzSSYAcNmy1+Gymb8GNzSQ5Z5gvgN3VkA5RgS1LY7EmIDVsizi4HGMQbT5uMpKWPZ5USX8kMOXQ7hWykJ31PIZ7vf//713u0UFKXX4wVg/zAJ55gO1S8j0hv8m3sfMMmvqEvvuYX4kEPyH/8YE6MLdHmI34hB/I9f2gr5oB5Avx0DorR5j/+0NxDvOjSHIFZzvbmzhhl7fiTM/modw1qP4eNoWu2uuZ7iY058ddKvaLRK1no9POxgxXyu3XJ1/rwRgvjry1wHVTH1/pDl58AO6H21rA5dFPqGn+fzLhRdHMgpiXa4gYPfPnLeHWxbXxymx/9+UHpHe1zgJ5sZYglWYf5v7xRv+QPowdT/mxfY7Zr2Dh2aJ9jk3OQddhno9HGZ7U3fg/pEExdop8lxOsqGj6mQ+cGfxtDnrr5FTNoyGzvnnqLJfs0tOdIsu0N+uzX3fRBvGH6h+mFJl+giQ5oJ/Mc4IM+/ZS1xW/pcjnnt3ANXvX1vv+Qewok434ikg+tJeccPy7+G/L/D/3QD60bX2cAOnFv77QG0ZPT/nYKs8c+CdHzqXlxzcfWtnYPauyL5g1vMjov+IMOSnxP2cjP5xDsddwjfa1PdXKU5KqLK/14zTHHcMpK/hzLVrbZA50r2uUYfGJPS7Z2c6Sc62Lyum5wJ9E+Ak20UiC4+7U4oUUpiCQpAkSgFkBQXbBYRLWF2kElQI8P1F6wzTaLQnkKLWT828wC4/HXX5KtLCHTL1GyGNihzfjGaJeQlVTasCVq+tIN7TwQjKeL62xO/9pbXKAxMP1hvLOLbjYw+jtMJPw2ODT0lASaJ/XmS3LRZou+DQBKeIAN0SZABtp0TR/1qS99jOEXyYnXV7yO8da3vnUl4vman2byC7XZ2E+hxNZG5QA4hZ5ae1qPjh/oyU6yJUr94RG6aad7/mNzSZmN13g+zefqfEMO/mw29x3y/ASM1cfPJdniiK/0kUcG2dpcn4P8XHwozWuorfYQzBKyQWkMfRsLmtMpZ/IE1fey9sgfHR50tyeIL/4E/OETBAktOjL5Vr8DGfYkG5Y84ddaNKbDUR0eA/KN5Ws2o+sAd01+8SBGxKtk2xz7DoJ5djOgPX3xs1eQD/Jb/OnU3KTfmuOt9CpIfjqOX+7bbdiScZCzzeEl74kHuluJBV0mj9DcNaZ9SbuxkIx8li3xrB/wJ9ReW5AeAVmnYimcNLO/OrA22cXvZBqjNBfLvxvo024PKrbElXkUg/YHr4q5Fld4orc+S3ayJ18pJ9KHnPyDhi+UwPj0OQfZiB7GL7nqYJuZrU7uLR8uulHfuG3jV4gdx00fNvILsN7sedrEvVem3vKWt6y1yTb7nAcOSuuF39GeiquQ3nxqnNIDGPss3/M3+fZ8+6J157r93/5rXHsrwE+c5ltAjn7+OofBXseJAO2c84BM81rfsfFh/RPSQTu+fMfv7XFQ7OpnY2vKOPEz46A2MHW8LvANm4G3ZuwOPA8sJEEoSASDQPjQhz50E0teLVw0Nj6BJMAkVe5oBY22gqeAguoFOySLTH1zEeB/Dgric2AzpqsD3oK3Afixfl/S8rST7vr1tdnQw+YM2dRTWpsGnYzpo2j0xkNAHzZMm7Izf+rTjleoDfKXPkC+pA4/evRk3asQdJfUSHYlvzbNEsj8q/7BD35wPQlmn83x7W9/+8X3fM/3rOQiW8lVN4YP6NC1On6wNmMax6agcYF+PvPFynNgDLnnQELkaWm+pk8Jmnr+o5cNXxyKU9f6gX6vjPAFn+sTF73Hqc+cOSh6+oOWfmxje5926G+u8SnJy4fqbL8K0g1Un2Uxox6yY16zpRiD6NHs4wvM+ZmQfecA79a6OLQmHNpi1HvQ4hKPfGIeSoT6ZIkuHUb8wz7rCA86otFOBsj3xVaYPdHxv7jAT0JtTVgj0HrXJib8wo6/+OjaH+wSP5IQfMgtZlyTQ1+QvOaXPvrIRL/e0T4DG6sNS+qy4TB30Ksjd20y8x9EC/BHQwcxb87bWyDIR9Aeh1YfuvAg50DPBjYqo4XZp82YGWfa5nV+ALNv1vNj1/t+yIfmwX5lHs2hdmtPKebIog95dGw/7NM7c2v/64FDY4zPdtfG0mcPtYkBMugN1el7a54OsXEO8CIn+nye7sZb4Yd3tDd/8MOlT8SE0r+tssadgy8+e/jlKcmyNWYPA55g++Ucn+zp41vJbg82+I+ckmw+ondI13lNZ3ul8XzrC8P8LB9oD9DvdT2vqbDZJwvayCFPXWyaXzLxRcdPaPgGioGrYOoG9/oC84a/Ekz/w+LwHDT2FBiPhkx2iEW+tP/4RNXfvJBrmI9snvqFdLsqrr4e4c4T7SPQpAtOAWTyC2CHkadDngJZnC1aC9jCc1ga43C1mEBBhQeYQV07LFinzNrOwX7jTF4IWrx4WQC1kWFTtUGrWyT0xtNCd63dpsBeG4lx7GWjBQXRoSGP34wB+RLq055O2tgXBvrpgE8bn2vy0dmoyAaSF0/nbJo2Ohss3ejisAE9cXVtfuhgw2Nz413Txziy0JJLHh305UPAXgdg9huHJlqQTdrQSpAlYadQEm0j8lT6FEqMbETmp5sgsskyX+aSLW109G1eHORslvTxERvoaow2cawEDq0O6nxQHGhzE+mGhXy8mys8gTaIv75zwBZYzJBnDF7xzIYg3yon4jFjTBsdmpP6QTpOcF3/KeAvvuRDT6Qd7OTwhydnblCKD3PRp2BiDUqE8NBfgsp+McefgN3a97ruUSw0/8bgqy7OPcnz+hC93BS5ObJ2fCJCJ20OQHFlLB+JIXop8SnmO5DTpTZ1dHRV+uWHqd8et9Ff1rYNuzlHN18duZwneKC5tTfC/ARqC+LLL6Bx+zI5bFHOvmQ3foL+CdHWrjxGQx6Y/dVDay5aexZsfbQH2vvsdRI4N8YS7fZDcWcuOougOhtbU3g1d+lUGYgHbc3/9AU+Su1XQXYGeE5fLNjqNy9nO9guF48dnz34OUBfuLW2IBslu55iexDjvLZWrT+v9tnr0LFFnIgn9vAP3U4hsGahh0zWjjE+LbXW1fFzY2uvtt7MkTPGuiLDOuQDdJCu+VhZHa+r4JiOE2c8A/aCYgDs5+gYRLOnxTcUM/hCssniJz6w/ynNg35xHPALW+mj7zrCnUT7CEhSHDQm3QIsSAWPNpuhpMmCcWDZ8CxgQSipc2AKmhZtgageH7Rd16/t2EYP0J5C+pBpgbrGg+wSL8FuEei3WdOR7sagk5w6fDtg3YVKtIBrC6YFqs8GY8HgZwPxJJTP8LZxoJ02kZG92UTHUB+oH9+SPCVftmDR28D435MKsiTZNjPvnPrYVDKJFz70Mod09m3zH/iBH1gJiITSU24/e+eXOWyS/CIpsQnwBb5sM56vsoVP6DF92SbBz92AoNEG8WxT/WqQTRPYCfiHXIdH+oV8VCzUp02iyFcOHYe1ONBv7t1MdmChJYedfC/J9kU/9TZJWLIW8Jfr5vcU8N2MC/JCfJUlVnhNvslTzxdA+0RQfEH16OMJ9m3H0KHBV2LIPPOLJ2aSbLzFIpn8h7bXQ0rK+Z1NaPAzp+wTH8Zr168vXdN7j3xnPN+bO7TWjPmR8EumrVUgwfCHnugtziXZ5lnckFls45VsvMP0JaM2dW309fDxykQbbjDbtuGL94H/NleXdDfHbEAGjI6/9HUNowvEbmMaD4zLf9O+aJctl3RzXLC/xgdEC6dMiGZe1z/1Jlcs0QXYM+w77Rt4iDdJnU8jfJJi3VqDEmo3VfZntPYm+ptLCPhMbKRLvgXplU5KdOGkmf1/HCBv4k3Y6jc9umSsygHJW20b3mr9Mnz4JQ/dPIutNYmuvd4rffzIZ84P5xWf2ffEOl+zg03if6/jHs1R46wxn+jZC9z40BF0PrrW3oM4YC6NAfgtuy7HpQvQRqe9/D2CY+1h8VV8Fwt8oo09zec5BNWjxx8PaB8C7BSj2sQiBPzOT850NvJRfudPUIxfR7iTaB+BDqz9xBdggkq/xSSQtFnkJTn6LSjJDzo8BJ46BAUt0A9dJ6O26Bt7DOmpNNbCCV3HT9kGbMOFrrU7aEsGLBQ0Nvj4JD8eFosD2mHtuqdzSnQlDOpk46F0rX3qN9tbsEqAN14Ab4jeYSEZtFnyscTPx3SeCBtrI3UQsen7vu/7liwbraTZ/OApAfEnsP1VRKUN6Jd/+Zcv/sW/+BcX/+pf/av158nJ8bGXeTaGbuSnC+BHQBeybWDG9RSdbHpIbvSTfw7Zc6w95GcHhs2MDm2c9AJ82U0XWnq5YSAfb/rynRsSPuEr+jW32YgWdtBLAPjMnKuLETLEPB3oxtZ0wM/B1fyeA+PwQA+NBca2DtJLX3GzL6PBb88rPpA+6YQ+2NdPIZ/yLb84NL2S0a+L6POKFTnqsLmytiC96IoGD3HiGtAdkpOu6c3fs4SA7/nPtbhzI+lJW1/GMldiQGJmjet3o2odW/viCR1ZZCvJgKDr/Dz71bUZB65+on2A2bYNX7wP/A8yto7Rf/C7/vzDZ6DrW+MPtGDqXFs8+YrPw2jNTfwas4dj7cmAjVVWz47Zti/pIIboYF6KGTEkUTGHEknr1no253S3Rnt67Tr9W8PFhrXfngTTe+oR0qX4ApMm/70QMCbI98+HQz+6A38lHQ6l4eunIVflkvwIPnu5f9jD7NdeU+hG0s2uL46LfUlvT5etPXs1n2Qbu9LzGPIltKZKpvuVIQ8ezIX1RQ+yzJX1KU/Qh76Yw8c4c6Q92ezQ1vo6hcC4Y30hmwB5aPEF9NdGVnN7DvFSoo0nfSE+SnaicY1/Z4RY42+2OmvEdWdKeQjM/usIdxLtI2DSBUKbrwUhiNT1CQZ3Z+oOM4tIIEnkbIAFXIHTpgWPQX0FcmOh8VehxUO+sg2UzA5xAa+kb0Ev2MnJVthiCNiNxtjuRPVD/B3mXnmwYCQTnpgZI/lId+PJVLrW7nq21Y5naFPEk058QgcbFVoHD1mSA/PQ4pUwqBtnsfPHr/zKr6wx9JQ0Sxb1sdvGSFeHmyTdxuxjRsmkg85P9v3CL/zC4iHxppON2QbLH/hINOlDN0BmNy70YBf+DsH8fA5tPOcwP0DXfJUP+RPQpwQY6ONvPmID3bxTKNlWFx8l0UAc+3TAUyH+Mb9Khxaf4yUGijlybNhzPs0ZOsAH54Be1gx64wAebONjmH0TWysQmFNtdIHFGPnFlxKvCY2vBPE9huJMHPS6j/nNJ/xBDzbxrVjoMOMn/XiYa3o05/TCAw3a9EWT/mFtSrzJMgYv89STbHOFB55uqDwM8NTTx+l0dkMg6UBrjvGjG975PB/nE6A9X0Lt+frwqyP8ewoPgEeILTkHWbfk1Q+06S9G+Ay4DqeugI6uQxDPdEeTLcbPWJ70E6aMYMpJj0qIR/Vw9gNr2zyII/PiU1JPRP1qkf1HKXmzr5hbN3jWpHHiqoc94oENoL2OjdnXXE3UN/Vp/sHeDti8n4P9mIn1S5Jx2Sgv6WeSfWiL4hz8f1t8O4vt4d6btgbs0ezlF2vRJ038qQ7syc4Aa5mPAFuP6RsWH/Zfa8j6dgPLH/ZLPO2j9kZ7KHlorTulubPXiV/zZDxadpojoF+feT2mw8Sr9NUPzKe6ONFOF/Lam/L1KTQGRAu04dv64Ve2Zyu/uzlsv2SzGCbTmdPZYjxee1nXCe58GfIFwHRRQSBhETgCzUKxAbqz9TqC31X2s1k/+IM/uBaygLNwBJYFLfCARWlTDQo0QE6bf4vlFKBDPwN0H6xoAF7zUApdWxySNFByaCGwwcdkNi4LB+CHXpux2iVuNhLXvZOFxh0+fjYQfmtDIVdy0J2vTYAvLcQ2erwAebBFrY/v8OBTc6EPvfHa8aNHOmq3EfjCmi9PssnmIAmhhzHko40XHvrNrXl0wElMYF+y0c42N1z48C9Z9KQbvnzBn4H+5OgXH8ZF0xwBZTzpo44vTE/j6a6fXCV6/ebEq0ESaHqYA4cDWyCd0RmPRizz74/+6I8u/3klgs/o6Zqt+ulhnrSfAjqgOwf0j8c+boPsxC+exqAPJw9YzITa8JCMGC+2+ZDdbCLDHOpzSKL15Ffs8pf4RueGzUGe77ThKQ74mn7q+DYnaBzSeAKyIFmQbq7pCbQBcR0PdQdWMskyn67d9Hqq7iaQXmxTGvMTP/ETK3FjC7SejacjeWghvYsvvoTqaPWRPX0L5pyAB+5/YP0ucglJ9jZu/bvr1g2G+AHPbDJubLKV91zGNUgPiNfUy9zhg296kqsf2Feih3M8NI6c9E9XJT746ScHf+3sbm9qnD2ELe3vxqHXhs4+hc+0mfwSLWgeJYLojTcP6QPSWV96w+YhmPOlX7KmZA8gv32Tf+hCDnlo8NZmvJI92RpfY8nVdw7SEz0Zx0o04Fn+3TD/KtlCHsjWdH3Sfrn1FQNuGr0m4hNKe3J2Os/sZ+3h6a2fb4offAHZ1hvZ6NCbJ7YD61ybPRE497LFWDc+HrZ1JmhPHjn4Ar5PrrZ44E0n9ooJpfH5JN81BqDRr0xGqB0/0FiAF9AWNkYdn8nXPBijDqKddPxUjKPVb1wx41qM2Zf4521ve9vFu9/97jXGDYl9tjcE2DzBnENneTp8PcGdRPsrBEHVQuRCi0oS4smDX7eQcNuAu1uGkk5BKNgFjXEWezCnQgCDFuA5oEP0VwFeML6Tt8VfEiKgS4AtBItAkuqunSz22pD0swE/G5vDHw8fmXnqrI0PSgD4AV/Q4rEQLUA8+Idsba6n/S3oFn9Ju2t8p8/YQMcOOSV6vCUk7rolF2wzLxBdeuBljo3x1BIv9tggJC3s43f8bOJeUeEfvshGm4bDlwx28k0HH1A3Xj+ZZPPpnJ+9TUA7ffLf1JlO4q7vDaDTT2/2oKEHe+nLd+h759jmTnf+4TP8PAF1Y0I3NIDu5iidTkG2nIPm9xzwGVnFSnKzGeaDUJsyOmBsMS6m2Zr/zAM6MpJn/s0vH4lfB6kbNGOj509+cairGy8+im18IDvT1TjrIltcF9fojANkNIf6rY/i1HwaK8Z88csNrXkVd/Qz/97JVop1ybgbRDxK3vE3hh/IJCt9IL8kH93Uv7k1buprfHY1t8bQG702dPRgE0BPH7L0aUeXjFlWb1/FO93xSXfyQGP2dTTkGAe146XERxv+Yt01GY1Bxz5Il3xojLXGFuOaP/3G4qGP/601SbaY0SaG8Ipv+rAjW7RnH9Q/r/VnDz3phEasKPncusabTuwjk/x8pw298ei1pbdy6nUOokEPyYHzGm+Ar2tjmlO20AktPvRRGoPWGDTq9lGvD3ogIPb51zzwLT9bx14nxJtNUD1+gev8Y/7okW/U9dHDOWjunAnFPH28e9zawteY0HWyagONVWqjG570pw89iznA3hBozzdg+kabPsCmWQb1p0d8G6tk/+SFFjY3dJw0SqA/XdjOLvukM9TrPf/gH/yD9d0p40Fj5/j/n717+9kvqwo9/6MKz7qzL+zsvuj0Tu8bd9rEbI1GI+eDyLEEFBAVFDEEg8SIRjEajVdeeIokiomJIgc1KKdwkDPF2ULOeGH8I/qi7agNVNHPZ73vtxgu1lrPa5Xp7Pr93gGj5lpzjvMcc8y51vO8zw8fGWIvZ7PhgQTXXx25j1ASS3KJ4NrC9EayP4bwT2BLlJIDj9a9awtVIWwBkpU8OKG+IzyCFgUE8eSD1phFJuktCPds7CNMie4AZhySWRz47uBQ8SbT4mhDUfj1kctnxQQfUJTQ0U3OPGhnUzB9pbuYAXT4QvfiTddcnAqCxa5I0u1ggobu2QIy2I7H3PLfAdW1Q4sDjoO4N56+B+hg481UB1cFBdLHTjbzVeG3CdjQyNfSITZsFSfIjq7Zxd4OitN3/GQ6EPLL25v5L0SKo7g6LOLxRtYBjU7zC82v2Op3aPMW3Mex3t6YW3rRmDc24mVPebCF9DZf9xfKhXU+FAc2da0ffRgP28uN8hRo3YsVXodprQdmP4VnHjxs2BzEIvnF3UO2ObY5yncHbf3mdsYBBmSyo7FsB/WzVx/f3JMn5nwAbFFvzFktWutVPspL+cluY+lkE7nllj4y9bs2Rnf2arsPAZvQZ6/+9X35Ir7R56txfa1Z+tEnO/rZAjTZg0cuQuPFy/20Jd4gG/DDeLMJkgOzjyyABgL9rvGmg6/VQzGXE3LDevSpkfzwAKdGyBM1ITvgtHsN6d5CEJ97doD844vxYpTN8biHfNIW4+yB7o1dBbKJbBi4nmPpT3Y6iwVb1b+Zq649+Mpva1PrgVKN8qbZGrAm3Vs39jJyyh2YrgnNJ/ladqGl3yHeOlOnyVMTjbOztS7m5ly7RjK1xRGs/c9G65x92Rg9QBs01rixxovhxPSF7KEvmLKj1aajvmTNGE47QLzR0dMDhDirn74CJaYAHXvISAfa7l2T80CD6zfa9xEUxjnpWigZWuh/+Id/uCxOi1GBNWahOvBYROg6aOMtQUtM9P9RYNMBdITZnF6JX2K3EGwCFgZbFTF/OOjw5UFCQagAatnbodHGosg5wGn1AXQOtg58FTI8EGQLWZA9xYGt2ZZ9AE8xi14LKnDGxDxZWvf6bYgOzYo22/jn43W2ovHRI3oHbGOu+SWmDtzoHGptns0z39inGGvFiP3mPnvQ9NbbhswnY81LdkI+QvId5OWfgzoUO/KKi5wyb+aAb3yhC5JrPtGw32YPyaA74Bd6b4h8FMuGHrZsIuR0ODgCdGw6ArZfBdggljCeYgWLK0Q7W2hcPMwJP7Kt2LqOznyZz49+9KPL+vWb674qJJb0l+dkOWSbF617OdObfzFs001X9phzcyCG+uVRNtDBdnzQOH3m25g+/K1F68kDkU9rPGi9+93vXmzxYMh2dMUu2aAYFNv1uqE3HlCs8yO+ZCaLHOPJJ0uLTuz4Wh/QLxbaKR+Ql676ykH3ycSvr1znPyBrjQAtO5pL8t0bZ3/zAo2bV9CcZrsxfNU0NsVvzDrx0GpNhvIvfXJNLPgRX77STQ9kr/5sgsUqNC4OxYJs/ewA7skHyc1evAAf+4wVZ+PixMZoot+D7APNm7Zr0D17yUMvFumkT79ch/rsJ9aBevzQhz50+TcRrFF8wLiapl6JNbuzn0/lnpYeyNageeY72/AZVzPbI+jzVTI6mhs+oKt25htMT7rkRJCfWuP0lr9omyfXEEzZ9eNtTMxqYXxTRm17D/3TFnwB2eIFyY0O1J+8fITTFjzlpX3QSyE0j3vc45ZfiPFyQ34WO/LFHi1oHqauBwpcv9G+jyBpJEwJUTJLWItYwjhA+eMMhzJvltBKIkUMjwVZ8pBVgoIWCJiJu4VXAfYC9OkKKxRoJLHrFkg8LUQHCAc4hRuN4uPwgkbxgPjQWyAOJr0BsMg6iPAfFkeLnRwy0czFpC/QV3+QrcmD8aDt2ryIvxYqaOLv4MkfxbM3Id5CO7A41OLpMMzWbId8oq+P7fngY0VvjD1UlQvmuid59HKAnx2W6RZbOrPBQU8xh+zwdRAbiHxSpMizkYh5MWWPjYA+BzBvCxyyABrjfKUbkqOf3c0TYKdNzPeRzSNd7DQv4kGX2JU7R7ier/sCrQdoPiG55LMhOyaUF9Eb519yzAPIPvf841txx+MPZH28Ka58FkOt+Dlc9zBpDvWZj+adPijX9E0b6cq+fGk8GwE+/tFLNjvLKbkm9+jwIIyO3T7RMO+PfOQjl3Fy85kuMumnmy9aY42TYzx79OHXhgBftuaHtmv85EAy4519aKJNH/7aNQK8wH1rke0gufKa3DUkgy50+PDrn3Zkq340fNQv/81nPpgHqB+YI3lhvZoH3/e3psuR5hDvzBF60psN6Sh3mp89BOTkC16t3AHFG6Bp7sCUUeyas2iB+2w5guyYuAXZAJOtdU9HNpsjdVP8xN9XoXwv28sfcZXH1VJ1TW10jx4vnmSlI33dZw9wT6Z62Xypkephn1SyB13rG5Qb2Q9d8z8d7Ola/xzHy85JE7iH2VtMk5GcNcQDyZ5YjoApL5nsn/wgXaD+KSPe5AH+iKWHFWulebHvmTNx9bCaXfQ2bwGZU9cDBa7faN9HMOEmW2sxai00CSSkkgRIYm+2/UGSompcEXbtD5MkGJo2UzLxKoySTFIZv7+QPS2Y2YaKa7ro5od7dK4VLRsGH2wM3ij0Fs29hSMWZOEHaMlQ9HrL4KBOHkQPHGQ7EIqPgx8gh+3FG4oTm0BjtWQGaNGR4bpCi0Y/u/DxW5+iqUArBuZDnzGF3MeS+dKh1BwCvvPDYZQum65Dj2vyjOEVgx4m0Jp7NHPe0RZz8ewgjQedQkR2cdAC4/yHCpZ7yA+6bPg2Bvd46GELnXOzoBu/w5mvG/DFfDj04zFGr7hA10eQHUdwbhyI03qexYh+NmdH+mDx6B6g1ccXa0w8zGN5ol+8PPC499Ugb/XFXV7wGZ+YiYs32X38r884PnFqTUPxpddYvphHsvhkPD/YiqZ++WWMfGtHnwdY688cyU207LbG5JWHAr+K4iBOHrvQuC732cAn2D00Ll+h62m3e8gGsuaY++ynC6Qr30A6kgOSBc1Btob6uwbk4Qdi2Hzqk8ds5zOIB8xr9lS3IB36zBs5aNORfPZWBwAetYu9HrisMfkgL6C8EBv5kCwy6CGDreUJGRPTbwy6b62Gxuc9wMte9+Tjq4ZM29mFFt3UwSd5hs7aqH/S00vHESQLZJu2a5DcZNNV/Ovng9b+o99BzQsAua9Oia2HGHEv/tYCenNWnMmgLxtmbIsjGyZducGmHmzJ87WsPgnE76WKWLlnDxpyWt+ADnIacw/SqdVX/jZngbGJxQ60PkD+QX35AvHlL6wfREtW9tSWNxA0Bpqz5OzZUi749Fh9VXd84uZaXvvxiMc85jHLeUJ9I0MM1F6An97sfyDB9Rvt+wglTwk7sTEJ4WDpe7uS0gKUXAqBBSk5WwQlz0z0Ern+PQRkHAH56cjuIDlssqCMt+i9pZXo8+AAbCAQnX607LYQ3c+F6F7xIEuxIiPfHUR9NYMsMtBpK/DTr+yuvwWt7Vq/cXZkK7+MpdM9BAqhDRm/azajUzihw5AN1EHTx7/eFrKZfLLMJz3Fqq8GNUZP9omtTRmKKXTtzXNfAXB4UnxsIIqNeJFpTIHy8RoeBwQ6AVvI6vDFDvHnj81GfL1Vs/Hj4Z8xsnugYSvf8XoA9HUDfouNDcVGxn686PhnjrRk7iFAc3+BP81x8sgX++KfXVOffChv8DtABO7FroM2Xzs4i6dDtq/NiJONAJItpuIhPtCmLn7kkQPlMb3o2VXOQfdoxTqfshFmW34Yc9+aZJt8ceCw8bs23htUefD4xz9++VTF3GV3erKLvOIqDkA/HcU03dkTP4y+cX3Vj8ZB97MP4A2TXz9Y8817dtcH8Af1sWX6AdKVvR3ArAd9aMUCujbegw5MnnmUSx5qHO7U+E9/+tPLr02ZBw9h8skcW7tsaf2EZIHs6T5gH136IdvZqf8Igfi4TiY+/O75QR8f6o/XNV5jxUILjAH3sBjuIZhrsr5Jk75iANhorD73rRm57o+zH/WoRy0vecTf31GQY69Vo9tP+CbOarg1YY1mQ+A+f8DMA2PplQfqsDlUI9RTNYDe9Jhr967jLcZ8NBYYzxb9dGj1lWf6Gp+QvWjj03YNku9+rpV4pwzj2ec+WvfJy6bmZurRZ3zyTHv0Q3FRu4B9VJ8aK0b2V58GWmteYok1mfjxBe6z+4EE1wft+wh7yVsCaC20V77ylQut4mDDlkzuLT4buiIw+QE+iAZIuCOg61ziKRBrG8FcqAqRglKCo8Pnni0WhHGJb7ynfXw2HQcOdqcLnRYtcKCxgPR546Zokq1Ywmj0KVroJrifKI7rBa0fP90KAJvZpE+s58aKh60OxgqAQye96Njnmhw0FQhz5q2+Yn7XXXfdeOc737n80Sv/baz08aWNlkx+mnuHsjZtcRMvh/bexsgN9NnPP/L45x6ve3x8ZXcHe7Q2lx4KFDI2ssVBiy34bfp0VBwdGvGRR5YiB9nrJ7PEim/oxYUtZKJH01uXc3h/obmessoDtmn5OGkaj4bNQLzMKVqAXhxsoDZrtL4q4k22a/FOLjr+N2fmWZ/xcgXiA/rZnv1saH6zgVz92RqffpgM1/LXg5ZDdg9VcshBjy0O1z5ON8/yie3pSrY5FSstvdPePVvoB8ZCkH1Qn/U7x4L6igWkP0xGcujWxrdurQOwtjN7tNYsvxpvjO70sJf+1hl68wPx1eJRM9Q660UNcKD2lS4PN+LvkCfm4l09sUasJ0Df2gZAfmPFxljj+mubsyME8bIf3/QP0qGvOsgGmA3GioV+YGzSkrelP0TbHgb01U6a6a8+erX18Vme+4TG30n4Oqbcl8MectQ8a9FcWL/mSE6rd+YCkjltoRfQM32vnpUDxvGrjXSSS5/aym5zrKXLnoEHPdAfkpme/IPAGD+1+tKNb44D4/iTkexi5Rqky3hzP8dnKy7pwjNtC9gz9QK82WO8PrKyC2QLWjbQ57qaBMlQR7VeMtkzqyXGA/fhAwmuD9r3ETpsSIygxNIvoRx4Xvayly1vxXzhX+I4tFiUiofCrAhLpBIZSFLjsDGyWywQ6IMz8bIhqN/iL2GjiT9UoNiWPoifHTYQGwyw2aOLR79Cp8gpVPyECk+HQEWRLLzAQUDhdGgwbpFpW7D40POVHuCeD1rYJlE8ihVfk5Nc8sRawU4eGnbxLT0wHQoUfn34i42W3a7NmbeKr371q2989rOfXb6L71cq/LPu3no46JAvPnTRT5Y4iFFvW8TDmAOcePNNrogtG9ok2AXYm+1o0LKXr/6BnQ9+8IPLR3L66LEh2CzoQyNGbHNYwK+w+SjWAY4+/ejw8tOBweHBoZ2N+sijt7itsXk5gvzZg+aaLWQCbf3myhy4Fo9oGo8G8pkPfBF/scHDJ4dsvwbBd4dVXxcyL94ImzvXZKFxsBV3rdiRY8zGAenJJpC9Yiae8qf1I0bFCQ87Qf3RyAkyzKNcsenLQfZ7kyrfjD3nOc9ZDiN+YtQf6PoeqzkvTuKIB7ruQJJOQA/67E9/ffWD6YPx/JoYuKaTLC0ebdg9OTCYOrXGxFzLJwiyA9IlP7dszS781hydHTbSDYF++dFatGY6ZHuYVcPpMOd871MGOSbGDoLozTv5xb71XE7A5qT4ZCcE87qYbCHA75ofeNLnXrzEQQzpAsVRP17onn3JCNODtms0XYdoWxsBumhButIL6DRev7j4lM9XC/z2sjWstnkRYMwnffLf2uSn2Ktn1gMbrGlz2N6THyB7IF32L8AGa0MMzI21Ro9+9UAekEcXW+myv8iDfM8nLaDDOBmgGESr1WccxtsYME4Ou0Bj0YHpk/kVo/gD9/GVA2QnP9uSOXPB2JRnTD+YtrhOHpQLaqa49TvkahS5Ystf8VGzHLatzWkLWN8/UOD6O9r3Axy2LUKJI5mhxeleUf6d3/mdZcF/7/d+75I8Qi0p0X3mM5+58brXve7G+973vmXT9EdrFrMkSpYF0MFMAfAkDSWjxFTY9VcQJCqeklxStjjQ6GvxZgtZEE0HqIoBW9AqXi1G/rqvcJMBjOtzAAG+ZzX/WXQLDI3YsJsdfGQHHXTbuLyVKK5s1iqs0DWb0o9Xi5/Nxtnt3qKGro+APL4fAXuTW4zp1RZPLRv4R6axtQ1iQ1dxn7HWx34PJ+ZUIfeGsoO6Bxo60cJyhF46HaYcLBT8DsXojJPHjnSLmzcyAI/c83URB4Tmim62pQd/OUNffmYXBMYBvdmLVgzwQ3xkozVOtnhNGrbmK7RZ4sODjuxiqw82j8kBeGrjFxs22TD7tRg5h8dXZvoVA3HjB90eIuWoWDg46UsuvbMFdAB+5Zux/GGH2EHj+sw/u9jBt/yD6Iz7w0xvrK1/434VxfdFPcxbb+oMOrazkb3pOwLj8oyNzS07yOKXegasBUAuu8pfccoPsUtn9UkNI8+8kWdMC+uH5KDvnn45DRyW0MtZtvIfDb1ksGfKoVMfHjLZrnVvnI/qK37+md/Wivw3z+qtOKKHyeP3XLvN+x6wHT0btOxNJiAD6s8XaLw+QPcRxHsExpO3B+JUDkQ/UZ8cQDORfV2zXSybTzHgvxpnXJ6Ibb6LNfDAj8/BWazsi49+9KOX7++S5es51qO5w+MfiCNbXvQyxZzqI6f5PwdorFs114OVuWWvPvu4hyj79nvf+97FLvThzAEtXlgc2CNm+vCyqblsXKvP+iNTDoIZ0/U12iOgk1wQz5QB0UAQfXMMXXfoPQJ+gXiSAVzTRU7/UBy0tuWBWizWz3zmM2/80A/90L02Zu8DHa4P2vcDFGXJZfEoJJJK4ls03ni8/OUvv3HHHXcsm19JhkYBV0TQ3HnnnctbM4WDHEno4G2DIVMhMkUOUmTjN2YToUdRKCktEFhyV8AgGv1h43PhKy4lNgQtFkgH2jYzUIGhVx97FGAHAW+s+a5QoXMAVAj5hK4iyAbXFpvFR47DA918RkO/Vgw7UHqrkb/JYV826c/OPUAHjyCZxSGdtewko6Lr2tzwiX7j+eAaJMt9iIa/5OKtOJNnDLIj/7rnN71afQ5lxssX9x0g2EOuTcgG5k0RdM1PNOZHK8+05lPLRvrIbXOZtoJsc0+Xa3ZNX/UV0+Y+X2csjIUdAvEYxzNjm97Adffzmh5YTMoP9vCpN8XWAr/Jp1uueTspNsbio5vs2tD6BHSJETn62RkWOy0fxVUrDsUcmiu8HoY8BHgbRC6brBm2Owiw3RpjC/vIzQYyjwCPwyY95l3LZtdzzGYI2Ecm3Wymy731KUatW3x8VQPci6XxYgHS1fx3EDNHgHz61Ax6OrRDQC4a6DrwKYTY0UeWmECyzD3b1GJgnG3kk2uOHXTkBHvyz9jUB68CbBAr8cRDTjKLRXEA2on1nQM0ZB7BVeSwcT0vE/WJI5qJYtM1GvkrhuIuxvzvLbB4q/fi0oOj+8bYIOc9QHoJ0Ccz5JhXD0b+ERqHX2vWPJFNH1mtb3KqhUdgDtA6+NEv1+3HbGO3deRTy8997nPLvXHYGgFiQycfiqF5bg3q46/+eBrX6qu+FotwxjY8B3SSO3nWcrIDoIfNcfPNT7RHwC8w+VwD1+wA5qr9iFzr2pya46c97WnLQ9W0bdr3QIXrr47cD5AAEskikRQWEVBULUiHZwdtm0wFRXJ5myjxvIXylKw4kKFw6SdHAjpMutdPBtRvIbZJBehmy7YKh2tJbqxFUCKHsw8N+kmbPKAf1h8/5Ad0XXFVtCwsttiIjevX4udPxYWPDuMKqcJaDGx8FiQ57EDPRjzFI/3Zll1dbyGo3QPy+FJMYJD/7AiLuX6tPnPvmp2w69kH6GGzfn45VMgPxQmSzUd5MN9i62efuOJPNhvY28Yjl9DhV9j8MYocRCe+vbXNpr080IYgnfyc43gaD/RNmqkjSFeYX0CLB7qOpnlJ/kTj+sVOPvJTrMXORtoDh7jINShe9DqQ9V1QvPRkn3Z9Dc3HhDkGQTzsK2/ckz/z2LV59nUWhw5rhP3qiMNkv23PdvEw13jNhb5idQT4zDtgT+CaDeLA3jbTYl9sXWevll79aiHa8h8dmtaI1phcx6M+kMnnbEaffDzFCl9rC+qD+NPXXJs7Xw9ysIZ9pUONZmNzTm9AH7uyKfnpSydg3xGYE36QA8guhvphc56s+vlRnI2fg3O2JDP5W2g82JKnj/1bvCGa5iyeGTP8xoup9db6Utvsjz5h8rcScsOeIEetWw+Y/hVmn0bR1d+eyAcgluhAc3UuduyRA+YKr7lXIyEddEHj7KFPfXZNb37TozVn2uIA9JUDxkDjWn3igYYNYhfGC4tpObSHxicNmOOQzmyZUH+6t2gmoAHpAfMa8LN5r0aYV/XN38VAc5nu8IEO1wft+wGSpER2bYHYkHwc7TuSfddTonhKRmdcQVG8PS0rKN76+qqFhduTuhYfOkkoKSWtfsVAwTFugetfLyZjc2G2+RovcbVd658FEFYc8k2bLmPukw+MuVbUgELBVm+GbHIeNqB+9ogFiL8CRza/HSwdKiqS8YiBw09xQTsP22GQn3t4DtjUxj/l8h9/MShG+tCxuXFjNvRiqo9f3oawH/KFH/pgh4hk4uW/uddXP9vEhHxtdrTZFG/3xsRUMZN/Dmh0ykk5Sj4a9tAXArrSm25ALpo5DuID6/ngf7Tl05qmccg+466L7VonO4Dr5gRmJz3k4NNvk7T+eoDlt1jZ7Hvo0NrU5a+cE8fkkxtmA+x+wqSFfMjfeADb+AH1qQls9OmQf/3OQ5c1xUb2+tqP+uEabwcRwMZ84vs56KCNJxu7lhfsbG23FujQ75oeMtgud7XWe3LxoGnuigEkIxRjPPXTCc2Ruaom0EE/WewTEzlszrR9aujraK6rQeisFbaQ09ojT06oK+WFtZFddGULFBtYLI6AT+JIDsDTnNRf/pKlD6R38p2Dc7aQBek4wmBLnj62bPGFaPIFphc25poca838AF839PWo7/zO71y+RiLG5lgrL3yS4y22v4HB36emvVkmz9yKp/vmq/jugTmSN/KBPGvNQ7gXP/JLHtnL2FHO0FkO4Idspde8zTgAfRAYA8ZaD/rIQ5P9yZrXEC0+7R6mu3v8c7y+LVjTaI8gv/IVzGsyrCd9WvFlv5j5TrZP6/xso5hO3eCc7v/Z4fqgfT9B0pT8ksabE3+c5C/Rn/jEJy79FiF0CJJUFqmC7lrRd6B0KFfcFZLewNjg8Sv8CofFTkabmeRTQJK/Tmq8LVq8xvEYa+HA+NDyIYwefzxzPB0QHbCA+Jd8dDY1BQryi1w+dHiiF319fLUIO3h2INKSaSNVlI3xO9umnSCbtEd4DsR6Fun40gWLIeAzH5qTaPinZWfFnw/QJt8B230xSZb5Ext9bSr42ZHuKZe96PG5Jse4N6De3PqagZjqK6/kI73ibA7Ziy+YfgfFpvhEgw9m24yP8TlX4jRpQXpC9tWnnbRksZv9xt0nP1o6yPAWU155i99bYLrFynixkKfeelqD8tYGzEd6inuYntqug/pC9mRT12yYsdQnD8yTg4S3euqE2sAHdvg0wkEAvbmCYoA3oCN5R8AuvFr+1VcelruNZXtxdt08QraDHi7JQdMBCG22Qf30Q7kt/1oHgAyAhy3iQLb66fAsJr6C50DtWn0wf976a9GY4+xuLvKXH+wArvWD9JZTkE3FBeb3EZCNFj9AD+lJbvqnbXi6BnSdg6vMdfL2YI5vyWu+k7WF0RRvPmrznW/m24Oje/ntoOWt5rd927cthy9zY67Fhixz/KlPfWr5Q0jyvG1W09RP8uhCC12jab6K7x4Yt/atObrZ40GX3PYc9YEuuTnzRr98lGPp1OIFzbV7/cUEuDZeX7z8RQ/j7ToE9e8hOvLC4tH9GuKJr/tzkCx+BPPauLiJV3udlxfWvhcG3/7t377sTVP/FlzFlv/Z4PqgfR9Bcpjwkhkq+goAdO+3bC1OiSXJLETg4FwBsTAlvQVtYXt6dm2RWdz0SFYJaYPBJ0HxAGMVs5KaXfTNBaUQANdsq51J674FD6Z/0aUP6Et+4xUhPB0ejSuofIF0KGgQoEdDdjKzxb1NVzEVHzLJEkv8FTcxxp890ybtHubrEbADoC8eE/Wnv/i4b17Ywi5zx1c+zLihmYU2mPKSKZ4O2ujqh+6TT1YHRzz6yxsHTJ+eOGTjWR+yxRqiL18D9PkLsi1fQeP5FLgPjPO9+OHN/yBdITvj00JgjK1s7zBYbAG55Z015ODlu5webK019Py02WvpsY4d1qADmjHxIdPBPBuyrevsCsF6DPAzBGwUw9YGevNojmz4vqfKXvZ5q8YehwFv++QSO80h/8nkPxlksXvGdQ/4RD8bxTN7ySfLGDAGzBm5+Iy7Ri933IsTXjZo5Z5xtnmQcw/5Oe0lV330oK2PT+pgD+nmTwz82ocDtPrq6x8O2A5h7tGLEVvNpxiQzVZ90HV+0A/Q0ocWzjXMdjyhe2AM3bkYk4OvWIXksIcNaIzrq00PyK5zcM6Wq8DUuyVPH3uzcQvRlNOAj7PPvXiT46HRHzs+4hGPWD5pExPzZs495Mpvee770V5iiWW/kmQcfTaZD/LZgK780n8E+NF6eHWA742rGuCBu3rYfJFvnJ3ljmv5Xo4138VAH9SHHzReH9lo2OseznzoGrg+wqD7bMqObEn3xHig8XNAFpi0az735t+655/5xefvTnxVyB7vPhvimTjHHihwfdC+j2BhSQhJaNItcIXAH/FZcH5iy+bYx80tpBapJJNwFiUgxwZjkdtcXXfgdiBPjg3MBkwGmcYB2QF72IYmdPAC9U/bIf652I1FA/SnIzpjyUpG96752qZq3Fj+sqcD8tSPF30FUz+eDoAWKLniIH5i0gEJ0GGcbck8B+jOARuLR60+COjpPr1adOwPK8CTlq/o+Qub02jShQ/imcV9bmbAmI2pgtanAa49sMgvMspB+uhgGxvTUc4A+tctGqCFyZj+zfFAPxr0MP/XNI1DvmqLQfJdN+d87h4t4KMY4Yd0OWD3NlusHMo6aDtkO9R1YBOf7BIbuRlkQ7bOezxzLHv08xVmp77mHb08t8nbdHq7Rm9//Gg+vQHy9R9zZLNqHvlfnqXrKsAWNrCnHGCLa2PiRB65gC736PLBtbplDE9yOnSzEW1fyWgtA3Nk/swBO8yVA5Sa6usffHeg1vp1IodsNbE5c60lJ7v7o0o66Ukfm4pN9rF3rgX3xtCwB+iHZOJHa7xYHEHxwdt9fWxlF1lTR6A/PKcHXJXmCOmftq5BH7+j20L2ypvyio94zK0xMZbL9klfE3HQ9vUoedAB2/xbm+59VcQDFhl4fJ2KHnkhhvrpIhuIbZi9R0CG+sgmeaxm0u172eoBfjbTSR499Ol3rb+8L3/4HS1wnz3oQeP1xVvegWjXgOcIyE03SM6U17i+sDyE7s/pAWwGk3Z93RyIrXl2tlHHvM32lSFnnuSAqVsLs/GBBNcH7fsIbRqSwqQr8DYET9s2yEc+8pHLRi1xbAawDcaGoNhY0PG3ICSSwm/B20wt2jYVix5tB1ewldzZZcG2aDs0dR+SE+/cUNDNRVYx0Zed6ZhyjAOy9Cmu8WgrQh0GYQchLSBPDLTxkpdMMXUAcVhCI7b4AX3kZzP6I0QHj4AN2RLGD7qOBpCpjz3mnN98LnYgnhCvvNrqD/FOOVOva1A83TuwiVMFzCHOAUQukSFWbGMnen3iJtZsmZD8wH16tVOW6+jJmzHWP/0qt9Y0jUM+6yufXEeTPrk0Y0YmPrGAaHwNwybKTj5aF/JHPKDCb1O1yePFY/6SqQ2yITvmPd3a+FwDPuaruTDuuhjxRZ3wMKCOqBHurX+HDOPe/Dh8s12NSSYgr3xznS1ojqB44Jkx1u+6nDMGsjf/upZn4mjcPcCDV90TV+OutewXbwdo/nlb3c98qqddO2iZX3OFB7AtP0H2ipe4uZ5xMZfZ2qFav3jpt270Nef43Vdbigkg1xg8F1uADz8EePTRLz7FKLoAnf7a9B/BOXuMn0N2pcv9GvTxHc0esldM5RWf+IhH3hoTYwcse6V8VqeATyfMMx3yxcOlHJAjwNcL0JPlbTNZgJ7mo/nWguw9AuuRbPLY655+OShH+SQnyEJDX7r5Zl92gMx/uslBD4F7/fjQgORp9WW3NTch+gB9NuzhjMnUs77PZshGOK/PxQ7MWAfzOrC324PkAfR1Ib+PLvZyYsvPidn2QILrg/Z9hCZcIgObhkO2p2uJ4yDogOzAbExCdbC2aUpc9zYPSSPh20S0Fq7NFo1xi85mo7Ao/PRLShsbWR2K0M4k7LoDHNCWrOTQTYa2MRjoh0ARANHNzQskdy5wvLMoKVbRsIs/HXY6fBcr/GiM6ydDAXQI8fGeOAEtW9CSI1546aCrcfxojJGf7WhA9mrrRxNt/kWPFq5pIH4QrTel/OiQISfYAuIRs6kTpCPQb+7FQSzRuod0kstv9w7aDpaKmxhEJ+b48Dcf5dGcq+wKp+9aMa3PdTEAbCETTog+LE9AMYfJAezRZzwauugE2Y6nmBRr/fqsRW9N8DgAiBMam6l1Ze2ZI4dt8aHD5gmbC7DYJxa3Xa6V20eMXJ9wsfc0fkF3Qet/AVrzRxbb5Ss76TFf6oePxeW5MYcNrQOGj1lt6DZ/a4J9Ad/cNy+guVzs3sEebKe/bJQzYtc96EGO3fltTsTTVzugeKpzYgrFVP1yWHKA9qZSrfR1D28MHaS0Dln4+YuHHHNEfrnKFnUPsrs+PrvXL7atr+k/IEsf5IN+1/xCD6K1FmB+gvjxatEa0x7hFk12GyML6J821ld/4L4WZh9oDMSjXWMw6UH3ezxasZIf9DaGL38A++sXX/6aG5/cepHkqyLeZquH8sX6kx/oyXYvL+yl4u3tpzVAh3ySG2qcOQL4IP10Qfd4rRW5IV/YVSuX8Tv8eUvOTjzsloseANUIsvCA5gXon7W1sRmXUB/Z016AB7rPbusd4IuuFugnZ8qvP3A9bd2SM0H/pAmnvfkQ1t/1tKM+0L2aZh6sb3HzR5AeuPoEavJsQfofSHD9O9r3AxQaC1Cy2DA+8IEPLAvaD67bRBSUcyD8EgcCi0JSk02Ww4HF+3d/93c33vKWtyz/QIXNxyasKCg6Hb7bcJJBtoLEPmNkKiL69UFgQeufG/YWsLFCswf0sYF+9pdeWn2QP+lmkwKo0PKB7fR4WPGgYfGJI37yyG6TJYucxmzSfu3FP4ds3MeL5sfBRWF3OOlQBeabTTLoZo94uKeL/OYHVgjQ0ok+n4xP//lkI0BPj8Li3obCZzocDGwUHiy8iWOjfvT8JpM92QjJM1d0OkjacMjAy7cOX+SR4Zp8ueSa3ewna7YT6WiOJt28BuwD9U26aM7BVWjZ7eAEgbgVnw7M+uSQWLDDr//YoOWRP66SAw594lNMzUnf7SVHPM0P/80lveTSU27cfoqLOb7N4flEZ+wCL/oAO3i0jD+o8TapizwSOX6jzS556yDtH6bx5prtH/7wh5dc8k9Pe7iUG+yQy3gDso2xmfzWezYegc1PPpW7bIlXXomBQ4+Dh8Mye8SHvcbwiePb3/725R5mAyBbHx5zcwRk4T0CNs48Ro9PzrYGZ2y2AC/70EIyxZXc5EHX5Wg606stbkdAdjB961pLdvOEHpLPHzrQiDtwTedFXn1lXTqyF116uo6/fnFBvwfGrDk1FA+78FiTckKf/OGDfutK/sht/4Cbn+2zd8kJYx606Bd/38Nmp7n0907qm7xWz/Tlgz56stU9IKN5FTcgF+wPDvV4PMgZo1uNwGvNOfBZi2TIc/uuvbwayjfXR8CWYjdjOPvYQ2c2s5dOY/W3/iayvWu05erWOGz+1+Na4JpeNN1PGdGZR/etLddgnV9HwB811k+UuvajEf7+5AUveMHS1xqi42aD64P2fQRhk3ySQwH5xCc+sSxIh18b+lXCiqZFUPK6r8hCC87CltAOBf6J709+8pP3/vOzklIBsBmiJQefMaDwGVMILW5yLB5FBrpO1zmbW2hHQB6cCw+fa0g/O8nR797i6/CDhg9stvmLpbd7fFRk8QR8UvjIMkaOuDhok8c/c0Oew5ePJtGJg3G6KmrsgOLAdjLF3ZhY6ucX/RANegWyeCfLvWJNN59sEB4YvJkxTi7b2FVMyAH69fHfRiQG5JHlMIi2w4255Yu86JDu8OXeOH/ppc89Gi3b8dEzEcxr/nbffM5rceADqG/SRTPnbAv4hPYIxCBZU57rco5vDoL1mwNx9RasPwB1iLa5OiTIF7HC01yZR/34+SZ2kHw2oLn3LfWlLR2g4cUh+mKzzw59F4fy2gv7//WfL35FJmC/B2gPmb6rar58SubvPuTFd33Xdy3roXxdP7SRZQwtHWxY7F1sOJ4DuSNWZPHftbmE+c0Wb6LFSwwBfeLEHq0Hg3IckMM2645dbCTzCMg5Zy+ZdM7cwYPX2qWnOdgDdmQ3zM9yLTmADlhMYH18w38E2bnlV31kpo8NUB87mlNzA1xPDLIp3LIXxKOlMznpb96OoLmXM3IRr4O3vMXrod8hVp+98bGPfeyyFn/wB39w4XPYzR++WovyWawcvH0nWz1T58io1mcb/XSas3wwJjfJpUMe4mlurbEevj2Iq6/WWn/zILcdyNmmJjjk02V9mANYbp+DrfjV197NB8DuuVb0q9HNy5yfrtGa171xKJbl8xyfdPSSA9ZjrgE57sW0cTzJd50veyD+ckUtRi/OPmF8+tOfvrxEEFvA/5sNrg/a9xFaKBLPW2ZvUn3/079qZAF7e4jmCCSbJJe4JbA+KHlLYAu7Q5PF54f6P/ShD934+Mc/vhQkhUjB6LDFLgugBWRRSHDyTLdxMiV2SW2M7CNo8Z0DOqKFc+GG+YuWnXSzQR/7KpR8UhT5r80/fHgcoPlanCxmhVSRNK5QKvIKuGJNjoKADuKhgw3uixHdoX7ypx/uizEeGw1ZbFPo6WSDe39FD42zgR9tRjYShxc24yObLGMOXd7Km1+HRm8M5ZR7shwc2WBD02cT8fDBZ2OKmIeUCiBbKmZ0lRsQrK/5xo6JeLpurkD9czwaeATih+8I+M8/cWObuW2TtgHrN1cOg82F3DYm3r3ltg5s6OZGDGyoxd44W6ftbaxks3PJhS+dfLyM022XMbtA+XHqPP2HrIvLYmodXF7Dk3wH7YXudE+H9S1PzHn5Ym49YMlbm5H8zz7z462Qt27Zy2c2k1mOG7uwYR/Es4e0eQhgn9iItd82Ng9sQkNf80+PGIm1PohXzOSoMX3F9wjYes5e8sghf+YP+aH+I8CPj11zfrX069MmG308XQN09B1BMkB8wbxPzvSLfeaUnuYTZMPEGbv61vZOW9DSGV/6W/t7gJZNZMkddrFTzuJTb+WTubf2nv/85y818ad/+qeXfrnlAdL3n+W9te0fefMW2T5qj/vYxz5275qwn6px9Mo9culzX+4BeUq+tvVfzfMd4Le97W3Lz+76FyXJUSs92HqTrSagUUOMqw3iQW+x559ac1VgXzCvs5kPoPkG5SMf8MA5RyEQ69m3piPTXILG1zRi2VxH05hrYHz2u082lAfm+QjSYT7IElex9+mGX51R225WuD5o30eQZC2Gd7/73cv3uLxx8hG14tFmdwSSc25YWtOhn3wLQKGwuBUufQ7UUFFwuLfJeour2ElcBznFybXFrJCgVRxaNHRNbOGQcQ7OpQub2Z/sdOYjZBc56cZTYY9Gf2+FjfHLx+aQf+LLJxu72Nj8xQldRVG8FF1FE/LPYoZoFfuu2YC++JsX9FqbQMWBXRBNduNjs3H0CrQDCxpz5S2kluxksM+huIMeP9ny0Ic+dOlzqEbjgIXffNIj3+gkp0MnXvfsNA4d0vuXR+l1+CQv/Q6c+l2Ll/7GtID/aCbyqWt0HeLrn+OQbHgE/BHLIzCP5kAcip9YA32QT+LGLkVfX4dwIAZi4+Aq5uaoQzdZ5hAPPdmjT37woRz5/An5CU6m+O9lC04Xp/8vsby3/2LwK2hOS0kOTD/YW0z5yG803rZBuc7P4ioWxdq1w0UPzzNGxo5AfvItejEo5xefT7Lkl5bvxQWiKTb0pKu+ckI/Pnh/oYcA8luDdCxxP+nJpiNAD9gjlvmZH/rQrOXEVzt9Pgd41lg/myFgAyzW5kKbn5BdxsO1jGDqAMkAxSof4hXTaLbAmPqQXe7J1dchm00OUs973vOW2uaN9vve977lZ/l8MqvO8QGPnPaP0HhxJBflobXqU73yjC4y0bKPXja7NlfFx7h5dC9nteTZJ31Fwf0P//AP33j/+9+/1AT6HfrllIO2eoDW/tMLHnGhh77W1xGgC2Z860+WMbELQXTs6jqcsgCevXFIj1iAxtc0YhpE05jr+kM6W9tkQ33q0xGIm/lQe8n13eyHPexhyyFb7SP7ZoXrP4a8jyApJOg73/nO5ZDtu2c+frKgFQUHP4XhCPBLWLLmAghck6WIdCiQ3DZjbyy1nvQluQWlwChw2hagfjahZY9i0gad/gq2viME5B5BC5AOCwtfPAoc/QpIix/QDdGhgQ5HaBRtBw0ygVafIm2cPDr5SBe9ATkWtn50LWb60dNJRgcwcirYAI0xvPkSshVmO9lsM+/QmCLt7Yw5MrfmgDwfT8oZ6EHIHJln9D5Wo49MfrOVTcb5kh2ga3QVbj6InbdANikHTrbICf6gg+gm4A27L+YTyArQFO/65zgor4+guT8Cc0Ifu7OdXP34xUks0fSLNGKGhmzza+P0dhadYm+erBdzQkb5go8cmI7p5z2Xtp6GL+n0L6PLOLz99ou1fK9Xp4uF955LmlOLyZzIQX3oxZyNHgZc+5lQ/njLbV7bfD1s6vdg2QHdOFQbHGysd6jP+BHSz2/5Aosd38nXV17rk6Nku178PPWD4i2ezZN7yB/j67W0xqtA80FP+QOnHPdXATbBbNbi1wemnCk/vqvAlAeyd6JxdGD6pV+ctfqCNT/ItqB7iD8Za/qJYOrZA/MZvWu5KX7yyV7oExgvn6xFP93nYKvfp7H045XnvlLnYGsdyA19ctiBXO6yBS3b1S56tPlNt3yE4gT04zOmPjo8W/PWxR133LHspb4r3lex1F1rkY3a9h2+yH9y8aItr/cgu0AxzX7YPUA3x2D9+T1x8sP495CM7N0ah9kKtsbX/SD7yE6++ByBNYvfH7uaa5+QQXOc3JsVrg/a9xEkhoLwnve8Z1mE/shCwljAnsgdBC3QcyBJLR4yJOJccHQoFBa+AmTRax0aFAE0dNkEHRDI6qNdhwf3CoMFgI8OiM9CmYuErnN4FTryLMAKH9BHH93sUCj5xQ7QogX6xAHq0yq6DqviS5bYOqwqhu7JQle8xcaYuFWEFXuHT7HQV7EWSwebDqIAPTvzyT350082ZzdkN1nm3+HNPZ0OQ67p4AfbzA/78DsoOYz3PUEFyAEGT/bwy8EHPTvEER07AJnigIat3ix4k002Wr62CQJypi/JyacQrGmC+tgDoq8N4pty1yh+2iNoPia9e9dtvubQWvCph1g3z7CHM/PjoO1a3IzN/GmtZBswFzA4jSy65/etT56O5iLXl5tLt77k6yaLzIv2nrtPD3mn+WU/feU4dC3XoXWN3ryy1YEBj4N2n1wZM/cwH+RQuUJGDxB7KD/5iA/IZXmsn1650xrs8EFvcyCG7CSjNdk9XHw+0bnm7xGgPYeAvHS5BhfzcqGzviPIpq7Jap1Mu8GUPa+z5wiqH8H0JfmTRh80Tod5NFZcYaB/YuB6y17+xT/5QpBNe4BODqhDcoVMuaPeOWD7yT4/2WZ/8pbY1xzltRaNtWcdquO+qiGvHXrR2rvUMOu4/BMbtvO/fHSvny/yu7zKJi1autw/6lGPuvHc5z532SPpQq9GWy/y2qfR5HvTSr9rY3RZC+oxv5unPWzegPviHkYHotNvjrWAjOjyHc5rY5NuC8mHruOLd9IEsz8EyQhcJ7t781/fFrLVXHjgMV8edPwxpDqihvfwxMebDa4P2vcDfKfM9848DfsjSAksmSSRhX3VDUViWWQttBaCtsLfBgoUH8UIjf426TZe9D2Ro2EPu8irSLin2zU7Jfu5RRtsjYV0A4uOTJAP/KOrBeU+e4C2PjxoHAL459DoWj/f803RVLD18xOPA5d7sujSkuEQxiZxYEeHBbZVnNFPO9C5XyM9UMyKJcRPN7lsplefg5032PLFQZs+NMZtRn0dBi1Q2PkF2O1wA9gOegubv/rpI6fvJPOBHrRa93Rq8eHhSzB90aKbPoN5D7MHz2wnxLsHeLb4JtCT/eSJsfmykbo2bn10AHVvnfQAJZ69xXbYtj7Emp9A7DtAmnc50diMEzvzu18P+Tf+nS7d3X776aB92Z1/F2+zxfh0zd8T8scmn93ljD7+OoCw03V+0G3cemBnOQebQ31i08MaaGwL+c3/Dunsmq118GU/LuSLv9yCrtlSrYHsxAddA634HkF6jiAb8jn65GvZcw7QNIeuyYuveZ2y9WknTv17YP4A/vyLr7b1BvTVT0dj1rH+QN+0CeAB7udYWMxA/BPB1LEHbJKP5kEN8xUAv9zh6xn9Yo46LT/E1IFaPrm3/vpZR+tU/jmAy31y5QwbjPHHvf7mSF+5ab7LKfGx5tmEp/rqxcNP/MRPLAdra4d+8qof6mU+9Msk/lhPS6Z9Bl1rYituIRvZPvtm/EM05Vo+zP7ZB+c1BOimnjU2j67jcz1lRQMmbwjWctY0+sTzCMyJuUcnP3xtxAMPXjFuDbi/2eD6oH0fQdL42S3FxNtIi0/SW7A2N4k8E3gLKohoJZi2BVDytlHRp4DY0IBNVj/A66DtqwIS12Zng3aoU+jSk8wJ9JEFJftcPGsEW/0T87mCRDe5YsNONqPJN32Tvzjwd9oN3ON1T7bC6I9n+gO4ii5QYM0NerorzgCvA43i63BDJ5o2hewLg2knWdkD6bVZsAEPme7NBd0KtT+Sda3fGxNzpW1zweegY57RQrJtQOjIpls8bRRsxuOeTzYRPttIxNb4zBl6oTF25EuQP/i06Zt08372F9vaNRSvPTwH7JWjDoNizScxNV/FrZ8L45/x3kLJJfFy0NYHxQU0V/jI5jOYOYMGguX+8nezL3wXg2VogcsonWw8jS/XeODloeqEy9dGbnzpxjd+w8XBvgM+O8SdvXRrzS2/5atxfe47iLOz+SK/+UgOfvHK/j1AK1biiQe9WIhl4+Qkq7l3jYZNYpgPEG0yXIOZL3uYL0fInuYIPcie7DR2BOSQkS/J0wJ96ctn7fo6e49AXEB08Uxf0ZDbeGN0xO9gGD3a7KgF7J9962uxIxskYyJofA/olyseWtUe38X2BtshW01lp/XmBYNx+dq688ff/pbCQdu6VMe9vaabTPUQHf7yh/+Q3uZMzkHjctbc0QvNv5rp4Gx/drAjy8sO9lSXYevPQzi9eD/1qU8tfwMlDulnJz/AjNcaycTnupiT2XX9aMo143TM/u7RT/6uAV3p3cJyJd41oqEPDVjzQzD9mW3oHqRvC/lEjjrtUwNfGxH36S8k72aD64P2DrQIgSRRnEAJ5ZDtIOvjfgcctMZs+IqFjd4ClURgLg7yXOsDrmEJFk8J6t4mCN2Tm2x9WkWEDIVHgVEA/QGgRGZ79lWcXOOT4NC4YgWmHdmAPh+MZxcE7kE86ECLK37QwtQaiyYZoMKZbZAfyeYvPxRq8TZORvFQTC1aRRedcdfoFVkPRNAYWnFymNGH1gZhDskwTqfr4kwPG9mnOBfTCY1lI38dhH086ju38samIi7TT99h81f33mizC53NAD+b6GYHsHnh9fUTm5V+doqTeKElk23FxHWxnAjoYE9ztR6D+KFrY/XF15gWxL8HfESfb0B+A7brM9ZXF2yIfsLRQxbQbxPswUqsxdyDEz6t9eDhUz956NgqXuIC3eeTmKJxL2bG7o3FqQ8s9/532W9owcvvi3zVSaa33gvPCXzVxFdGHLq/5mtODw2nWtGc0EMff1uvQBzYyG/x7CDQm2fAVjrwg3xwD8lo3kOABi+kM0xeMrInGc2xVh+kg1508bufepLnWus+QBvqn2NbkC2TD2aba3rOATtq0cPkwGzpHqx9TEYxgdkQ5HN6tPmIDpbz0SU/mekiO7uigbMfaKes+qqX9Mk/vO7n3FsjWnqLNTlqKH5vmtH0Lzv+j//xP5YDlHoGrFFfrSSPjtafPckBGj/91q2DOZpku7dmyZ/rkh3FAC/Z1oA+D91qNh/UcAdsh/9eZqifaiUd6jZZrvWr++qEnxN0uPYQ4Dvj7A/QW3NasRKbsPiG5GvRsjO7gRayvXiD5hiffjKiDWdONa/413RbiDf+EDSW/kkD2JN/wZoX8tG+Wv/0O362av3KyEMe8pBlX4s+GdqbEa4P2htQsltQTbwkcS0Z9b/2ta9dCoLiohiAuVAsaovYNZB4xlsgZOkryQDekjK04BQBdPSkq8UIyQWKjX6FxSHN9+Ec6tiuqKQTfQuAL2QYpw9N9uCDQB++fIx32jthjuNt0ZGXfuPshfqTg4dNyQ7WevA74Cru/OqA5TCiUPcVDQc5xdd9BQEq5HjYouA7rIoXvd66iDu5AG22s5ce9+aDHeYan7EAP50Qv0KNroKNlp02nVqbkO8tsqs3Pdr0Zq8iJa42L/J8L9KmMmPJLm1ziq/4Ncbm4mycXXyGbNYfD0gWBHS5xgfZmS4w+esDrkO6yJGD2vSzy1wWC3MoRjZrB21z20OLuJoL9NYeFFPzZC3YhMmZeU6H/LFZs7u4samY6EeH3j0awCX3F2+o/+2aXf53auUYPjxk+gdtirtD9led4hXEe0H35bUG9bOBvz1Ykc12QKY+yO4gHyaQD/SjxytnkicW5rEYoAH5gS+5ycAvV1oj2TB11J9MY4CekI7ivB5bI1vZid599LXZF/0WBtkJ9Yt5+Vx/uY2Wn+bCdX2g+YLZZQyin3GIJ1vwmGP9xQms5blO7pRT7IyBxtMZHWALQK+/+UObjtC4fjyw+oLOuvPrHX4uz17Ywy36YiSf1DO/6mHNyl9gvVrTDrn8ViutTXlonerLV6DNX+ucDfHRp8Za+8b8EaWDv9rpXs3Ai54+frNTq8+4r7CwzwsONtLdSyr20EEGBF2HzSssvnRXWwDb+UEvGjKLJRr9+ItdEI+WjPTBZF4FJ+ALy3U64BynSwuS0X2gn/3mzpj7ZLqOXise3/d937d8Hz7fJ+3NCtcH7Q0ogU2+BIItfIvDxq1wOOwoNg46FmQHhZInelAitRgldH0l+Ba2qFyThx6yr0VADnTNTsmscPz93//9cgi14I2jVzQUGfaSZ8OCaIyj0w/IA9PGqRs2HgLjsy++MD+SMfWEIJ0TJ437fCeTHH4puBV9NOaAjwqYByNvB8XJg4k3Lfj432EDuhZHsVd4HWgV5OKnNd5bVvRkhGwCdMPs6iAohxzmvTXpKxDZTb8DpLcyWnPIj/KyOeazzcCGUh4ap688xIeumAM04Tr+6KFrcrR7GL/reOCcV3bACekIzYGNRRxhuZp8dvj1AnPgt3X9fKaY2Ey/9Vu/ddk80aC3BsWyOXPAJt/cmQP6AnFsrtgN8iX97ovd9Pf0n4V+idypfzQLGDVH4O4vXviPLzu90b790pZF3mXbNWBHtskJuvmB37yzXZ/4arONvaC+5gAfQFPsyw3X6Y5uDfrji15fCPRdBaecZNWyec+GAC2afMvXfw/QtYbsKC7JzU7X9IFoii1eWDyijR5Es4VkxQujT7drkOw9mj0Z2Vv9s04cULVADVND5K2HWnzGqk941Tu/z+8w6+N/v7YlR3tjrTZC6w+P9ein/BxgrT91yt80yWe65XN20adfbWQ7Xnbmlxohlvq01gB+/fh9oqUWss3LJvo6tKoXagFe12IA1GD7pJ8W9AmZcXHQWqsO8vjp5+esFYH7iWxjM9r8aj6aJ7aZQxBtdPQmY6LxIHkwvVtovFzZQ4AmnP3JOWcHPvOVTnHno3uxBHw0/74yYh8ma8YzWVP+zQLXB+0NkOgWSAli8oHk98bRZm/xOQT5JQsbngXpoIRWoWpjJAuUUCWzJKPjHKzpyYAlJShhtWzW+lqLAwnbHES0Er8DKF/0sZO9eIyTM4sD3a6Nw9kPQTbBYPbFF+Z3MvJj0qRvjZMGL3vZzxfXgG98MUdojPnDVUXYx4I2CvOiGJDJnt4y6ydPoVaM6VmDuRZDoCjTIe74s4NcUKzYhIY8tnXodo02H9DYMOQVG/Tj5Uu0xc/cobNxeaNENn295UHLFjhjTl607mf88UDXZGj3EF+y4gNkJtd4NCA6yCZoU3Zvc2crX91748Uvfoqzf33VPIqTP1hy+G5D7YDNdzluU+1Bhnwy2YA3e+lq3txnn/Hsd81GbfFyffrPQr9E7jJ+l80CRs0d2Dto94/dpGeRe0kH2EKG+/KAb+jFhN0gu5KztpfOOU/GtfmqnYBvC/THF6++ENR/hGia+9nXdb4cQXTl1xYPmnNA74RsyT5yYXR0uI9OK776gmjYNWN/DunDGwL99KQLJH+LJmhMm+xkqGuuOwzJI/XPwRVYS2qT9YTGuLWozvgOtq+LeCPZp7lorLu59qCDtP1SzbUG6fWpm/2IXeRDuuS3HxSwZh3e/TPs3nrjA9ZvD5dkkuUAr5ZbC/ZitcIhzsOAPjHynWw1gr/6xKE6zEYvzBy0/eGjuVKD0NFTneYfEIdZKwA5oX5YfqClD5Qf0bU3TT7X+srn+ud4IH6h/j2M5gjKUTon/ZQjZtkw5eLJZg895gid/VEeiYG5RSumPnmF5nYtr3Wi/2aD64P2BkicJtzkd8Cx6D/ykY8s/xKkn6VRaBQo9BajVkJKKAsMryQGEo7MEpO85Je0W4gWVCghMBaQa5wO+o2xta8/OLi14KdMrXs2ZMfU0XjyoetkJEffxHVfMmH3IBnkgckz/Z39EOAxL+j4HFrU5qS3FuLvI0FP0q94xSuW7+3540nFV0EmR2HFQ57iqwiKmc1FQXCY7bt+CjGbFGB05t0bmHwCZEJ9bGKjuXHQtxmQwT6te7r8waNPSGA51duhDuTFqbxCxy/2GTPX6BQ4NOkt99DgK25gHf8Zc7TFfAvxRpP/ZMHmNvnRQLrD+MwbsFHzw2Zs4xVzvrzrXe9a/nEmttvoH/7why/rT547TLPDPNi42+zdGzdmHnpTBdjTemGH++yE0+45rt/16T+LnCVyp/7RLGA0n/YO2hcSLvprQ0Cv3HRPFl6+sUE/26Mnc9orrvVB9/w1lj/Nj/g2DwD9FiQnnHrjqX8PJ++6DapFR4AeTT7A+gNyjyDdIH31FSf97AHTpslrXtIfTLtgPu4hSF8IjOGNHxgjc4smWMuYNNHJHzVEjXNtbXl77c20r3vw2/rzhtgB1ndrHZJal/2xffVEPbTm+ifMHbQdsu2H6qdaRyYeMUuvw5la7a03XW94wxtuPO5xj1tkqYvqWYdztVDuv+Md71h+Y16teMpTnrKMf8d3fMdSj9VDrT+29Afv3lT7WyqfEKoHbIJeRPmDc3aKA13WiLXGLv5sHbSL51Zc3Tff0TYXUH+xAq7jNY63fNuSHUyZ+vew/Jv0a6RvnU+16Z5+T974tOJkHvhUHXdt/s23efOCxMORGONLV3LSebPB9UF7AyRFCVZCSUYL1pO2JPIbkBUOCSZRJI9kAoqPpCELlKjoINnuLTgy9pBuyRrGN6G+CgHdeNnJZgdG4KDhgKeokKuIeArtIEd+svMbkk+u8cbyA+DZQ7zZN+9BMsgDk2/6GkZXy0f9ZLBfrN2bB4WbzQqrha14O5y96lWvWg68Dmc9cWvNG7kOam0C5LDDJqEIOxA7CPc0jldbMWYPXvLc4xXr3sTgV4j64z3oHpoXctHjt+FVqMwbfr7RwVc+42EbHvNow8BTXJoz1wAP+4zbSOqb8W9+XBfPPcSHJl4I9NOxJXfKD/iGlg82YXG3WVpfHhYdsP2Rkmvz6hcEzCk53m6ZS3PgcECGORc/1+wztx5qxJe/6RabEDQGi4vrYuj+Xn54gsXDSz8vmwWM8gOce6MdruNDb7Fps7Km3cuJ8hNkL961vfIAvzmf9OT1sGgMD8C3BcmfNuoLs1m7h5M3TN+UVd8ekIGGH/kOplw0RzD1r2Vk55SvBfr5qQ82p8mDAL11oBVffJNmjcaTCUH98QJj2QQmDTDWeG06QPWjXFAzfPUDuiZHXfFm2UOtT458TcuaU3PwWm8O0731ttbsNV5iOGjLK3knNr1IoA8dpEPds85dW7ti9Ad/8AfL9769if6pn/qp5eAt1x3qxVKN84my38T29cgXvehFS51woKZXbe8fRNHnmv1qAtu9vfaLIv7YsQcFetV19Zgv1gpbyTCuD/Cnml88XUP0teLdNRrxKg/0QXFOpnsQHcCXnLD5A8bCbNnCaI6g8XjSNTEbQTLXstGpz1r+iZ9r8tCJv4chsVa72n/RGEc39dxMcH3Q3gALy+S3qLSKkydkC9ZTmT+cQyOZFBMJYkNHa8How6sFJZQxaGyO70H6yYfuyZmgX6I2TqbDFz8UJdf6e3PQw4BxC4JvFngJP7E4KEb5pj8/AJo10petXXcPQTLIA41BvoBpy9QLydNnDhR+RbGHhlmwHMb8wY5/XMhPUPkjUYvcmxsFXeEXC/IU9eLV21FAjxgoFlAsbSC9qUHXPJDHFkCeeLOjgl0c0Jor9vLBOF4+AIdDRam36MbRskMf/WwhQ17SSY5xSAegRzyga2AuwTr+9GQfudo9xDeLKdC3nqM2Log2umjpMR9asRJP9tlI77zzzhsf/OAH7/3eJb/EQN6ixy/23lDZ+MWvWBhHb67MqWt96WVbNhWffDGOzn008S0+QH5cOHNxfdEsYPTcQfvBJ7l0hcVo3Ucn29nHV3L4I7fQADKnvfqzdy23fvLEsrgvfl3K2gL9yYDo9YWAHv3nEExe9oTJOoL0xB+s7bsKbOmedjYmXqB6jFafsein3myDrcdzOHmAvrU/xta2RpOdYXTRAv3VTIdr9dGDKRvta/7uwWHXyyQPtWoQ2daWh1oHVG+bvTBQkxySvY32PWdvifWpS9arwyv71FJrvPWoj36HY3Lls/X7/Oc/f6nLv/7rv76sYbWDbvH+9Kc/vfwyiK+tkPMrv/Iriz1yF6+9zVfLrAtArt/1ZhOdaok/pPZAYB2JjblMR2uh3FJjepBwXx0D7mG21UKxbgw0F/qN0ykWaPgRD91sAnhda0P0QXOarj0MtsZCsvMhPSFIx9QJJh0UH1DOAS2Z4u/rPQ7aHrDEQ1z5bxwk52aE64P2BlhwJrzDiGSx4BzQtE94whOWRLEwQAtMgukv6dxHQ5Z+fS2g+uLfwhJf2z1gUwlNTnqNu+7p3EdsklnxMW4Mn2t87KzQoCfPWKA/OvrxpxsC9EdIBpx9IBnkgTmOHhib+rI/DKIDyejegdShzUeNNgWHY0W0w7A5VbAVX34q2HgVQ7kAbEz6xIJtrsVU0dCyq6d5mxbUZxNAj5+9+PSLNRvSYUyuuBdnfOYNH7u8ySGTfm+HvLnRosGTfcABT7/75Ba3Ylt8swnMMdf4tHuYbNfxBMYgO/jCp8aLgfFpl2LskI3WfHmT7S22N1N+DsqmadM3b+bRRk2+OHpgcm/MBism9BiHgK5iAsGMg3H39LtHy65sj3fxI1+W/1zE77JZwOi5g/ZXn+wq3nTMNkwnH9jHP3LkmrxDjybfpr348it/siNwTQ/59Ue3Bv3TNvT6QiA/9e9hgD6bsjMEk3YL0pPu5LOrGF4F0ilGM4ZTv75iSC7ddMQXj76pO9vAubiE8cSnjzzoGhije4tGf/VkPe+BtVHtMe5Q7PvXDkH+wFGd9AbbHsIf60rtcQBWh+Sg+mXMgdtB1gHYNT8dwK3j8l9toot9+vDhJ5Md+rwtf9KTnrQcuJ/5zGcuDwBqse9h0082v9ikBjztaU9bbFcD6Za/5Dnc00eXesI2a86bbD/JSwZ97ERTfRAjNpHZHLq3NySvPRAUc62+eNyTpe26uXBPL+QTHrq10WjJgfM62QG5Ybq2EGz1T2QPO4pJ/WDqYY82iC7/gdor3mqTOOMxZg/2skRemWOArgd8dCC9NxtcH7Q3oOSAEktC2Ng9EVt4PrZScNBJJgsQXQceSetjagsVL5DEJRSU0CX3EaIjmy1zsc3EJyc96PQrRux5/etfv4x7A4rGAldsyJbw0Di5fNLSky4t/6BrMtINAbpw2jhlTBo4ZbgGcxyP/jVd17Biz34LFlrgobkhx0EVr7mx4BVgB5W+HqLY+4jRoY48sSreyWGTPkhOBcW9eKKzYbHLhmSjcM0mcthKrrgDvPjYRQYd0DhZ+mwc7HLo9NZJ7tFhU/LdbL6QwxbQPJKDn37FG43r4mqs+OrXgsaha3zaPcTLB9fxgSmXTcUvnpBtUG6JkzmRj95If/KTn7z3D1i9XTPmY2zfs+Svj37lq3iZD+uTTDGC7GKPcXrRlPfpB/maPe6LHfuNudfml+vTfxb+JXKX8btsFjDKb7B10P7ay4N28puT2uxKpxhp+WZMPOQxmjbobCMDxJvv+QPTNXUH6LZAf7bB7AtB8d5DMHmye+Kk3YNyfep2n1/a+vdg6i+G+tIf6mvcPd3kuzefQH9xgRPwn4sLjDYE+pM5abIVTBr95pq9ez6ph/YB9A6m/kEXD7IPfehDl4OQ7zNbY+i0UN7JI/LS5eFWzfRWWr2zhr219LcTch+fGmY+5Ks+tiVTTVTLHvvYxy7f/XaIBj45ZjOd4uveNVv9jY0/yFS7zYMDuH3OtcO9/r4i5i03+xyy+6qIr6r0hp5+8ajG08lHc2XcdX67bw8ke8a8fAvnvLhuLtyjJb/4k6mfzOp0cvB0DdEF5Ib67w+KXT7Xlw9TTwjQoOdP1+y396Gx18kH841G3OWZv20rXuhbx8UU3oxwfdDeAIvAhEsYySBZ/NGEP6rzG5AKkad649F1XRJJHHyu14lcC0pU/ACfa20I6mNPaCHqJz+Z0Tg88sNhxFsB+hUTyU8nPjzuKzQOcRY+u/kHXYMWhOJEB3730372uCervhBkY/bnm77GIEjvHAPkdzAj173xdKSPLeTj06KjU9s9n9DWDxXV3ty4BnTRgU6fGIRA/BwQvd1WYLzRsdl4c06HQ6C/bheXivss2sCYOTJuHrxhx2Oj0scfByubBGxTIcsYyG905NrM2Es2ZL+8II9/Wjbwjz140NQHXE+gD+pnb37oEz9ABjv0oXHdxmIzxZN+tjpM66ffxihfbZI2YR9f22Czm0+u+SU/bZ693SaTLjHnLz1sAGLTtRYNZLP78sZ1frjOf2PsS8YCpz6g6xSBhfb2S54lfuL5hdPDyolGH9vkNVnuv+4yxuSGwNgi6zIn0bOV//KhOeYjnmSC7Azdpw8G63EyyK0P5D8btOY1iAYkO1th8smE5cTUCekIkwMaB1s0ySVvAhqA13hythDIz+LsuvtpB5i69aW/cf3x6VuvAaD/CItfsQsDstAE5MpxLT5zSC+0PtCrTWyybqwX/dDB10Ort9fQAbY16HDZAda1nNMaI9vXtDwEO2iXN3LRJ08e/umli15rWz3VTyY7yEWjhjlg+7qKQz3fyLB2/OiArz16yaCeenONno09ZPKjuOtjn9rAJg/r3mb7SouDOhvJUKfpLt7Wlfglhx/0oyGL3+xdz0P0WvfF3BptHtx3DeIB5oUNZBdDOmoXuWiXdG6dXOgy/oWTTLRs137hiycZp/4Hnfge/FWnHH7w6UxwO31fXlPoIHvIoB8C9xMn0ElP/uYzDMjhL7+A+XHdHuSQ/ehHP3rZswDeGY/kTZk3E1wftDdA0pRMrhUa3w+TpD7espgkT7Qla0kIJCt6iRQmE0wekJythM8OSGZj9XVgqE/LRq1i4Q84FRiHQIlu0Rgjdx44HBQVbtCihAoBeYoCwG8RKUpkoBEPC9iY/mwLQf630AN9YUAmevKKEUCjj81kzLGpzxjkF55sINe1Pryu0YgPn4y3KTm8afntug2izQ3gVVTcK9CuHZRtDtA9f8uZCjHgQ4dBso0V177K4lDtoGlubEI2FMXfgdRHph4A0dHTQZ8smxvbye4tT/Gn0x86sZ2v9LIFDd1iQAZb0BfTYqgvWaC5jLYYoyk2FVzyYfFASzefHJgdnOWsNyAPe9jD7v3JL7TWoTdnbX7uxalNnY7mgQ59AV/dZ5d7mM180E7fQmAMdH/qWBp3J6p/Q++PHL/2pN+882/pO8l03dy7F5upu/5sC43zC6+5Ritf+emanvgB+mTCaRuoPwTNWXTsCNmgzfYpa9K6phekP1tCEG+QvCkreZN2LW/aDyYtmGNbgF5c0zMRTPlzbOoHWv0zBsVT7OT3lLUHzfWUn85k65P76pE15N5YeuSU9Y2mB1LXWmMOvN4I+5qI7zr7ON9hWD7JI3Ktr9anfLPmtMasOYdftYc96hG90LV1R065kn6HZLXJ228HXjXN3zp5w8l+QD5ef0vjYVs9UEt9T1w9oA/wg41sZhfdDuAetMlXQ9QFdYPtYqMWs48McwP0w+Syg/36inOxAOjiKebZbr7YDps/eua6QgtdF2/xMT7tWPQ8+CT7dEiWMafh0wH6QrfDNtlfuNuaVxe+6nTAvns5eKOTz+LRAbs/uF7bA9MF6qs/ML7Yc+lr9/FNoEP8jLWuxJCvPo003xOKHdiTebPA9UF7AyRVi97kO8z4KFtR8D1RT8gl3RFIvCXZLxH9OqHpAt1vJfoaojEGJbW+9NVPtuLjjz8ULIWmp3VgvAWBtwOkxeKQ5R4oNApaBxoLuUMZPkVVS44xMtzDCcWhxX4E6MhhI7n5lx5AzhGQgT/eGbds6Z6v/CmWfOavjSXUR15xik/hJ19fNmv1i7tNxoEZiA+5NgIHQzaINXqA17iDcpuMj2O9HfeG16aoH32bHrQh4OVDBTUboGt9bJYD3dPPB6155COaaZN4hGsolnSH+Iqnls+1dCi+aOQQX2yM3o7JVfw2VX+Q5UCAzxgd+LypsnmGYsUPfOYgveiDbKyva/1g+jbp7g/wlV3lK3SvpgD+i3GwjuO0kYzk8Vef2HXQNj5ha57OAZlTb7qzS2vu6psYzDiu2wA9eUfAV/FhDyCDj8UPGpu6t2Ctew3xkw3TMxGs9azlsktfcXINXbOzubsKZANoHsjI39ZPb27Ta1wrbvrkCURDv/qjlniD7NeXHLLVFDnINvsdeq3DnzrgUyWHXa1aBdUlaNyhHdLN5um/a2uRrd6Aq4Hke3C2j6pjXhywFw85ZLz97W9ffhWE3d60exOKLtnFwBpX8/jGFnLUQZ8625/VEn6wrRqM7wjInj6wXTzioyMs3mgBejhh3qOLR2vtymM+k8cP/dG596/OnoScmOVCdeHCtruXg/bFAd38keNwjY88ekAmGA8DNPmQH3swfd0DusU8X+QoW3xy4qA9H5ZuNbg+aG+AZLCJWwgWmb+m9qTstz09lfverAJVMu+BpC6ZS9QWZItQQoLuawM88QX1QXLJoAuNa1i/ZOcLaAw0Pu1SsNwrkPzTureQLSCo+KBNd63FhV4L0LSwXUcL6zuCihmMpw1tQjK3kE6YLfHOseaYnoqUcfT6xST/+e4eujau4Cvk7qe96SBPUUUDvc0h2wbme9euvYn2hod+m4WDpY9ZvaXxFRR83sjYpPzRkg3S4dvm6eFJ3IGHIXnqMJpP3iY4aE9fxcEbKTb3VRcy5IrNEG1vf9DO+EH9gevpt5YsceEPmbCDITnk90ZHDMRCfPnLP98/Z5MctNEZd21jtemLjdZmyl7zQS755SAd01526cvmfIgmQBPd/QE2tAGmzz2fgbwQo2DaOFE/GfzSOuzoE7/49U+Y/lwV1jrnNQTs7372g7XO7tf9eMg9gtY+Xsg/WDyh+E79ezBtXSNI3hrpyva1vWufmtNiBtDQwRcYzRHQm894k1de6GMXaJ2JA3rrxLq3JrTWhDXjcNMB22HHiyLryxibrCk8HtrllvvWnO812+v002GNWm/45J8aYc2yy1hxU2Ncs4+d9h81Dp036exhNxvJRo+WHT45ltd+ks8fZqpPdNNZDMi21uMjR810yFY/1UEg7vGQcQ7QhXSoWz146GMzfeRGtwX1zxaKRTaRQy6/9JOtv7nXd7mClvvbTvf6vnzQlp9yTk5c5E3ys++eey4lnMb4A4sDXSHac3COzpickh9a4Fod9xvs8s4+dBVdNyNcH7R3oMVl8fs+mqLijzYUDQvbQj+XNBJ7ndASPQQWB+i+dg/IgMlLdhuDBUumMa1+BcMb1BZ2ci4W7oUcqNiS0YIlq4Wr+GkVYgc0rUKHxgISD9egRT0XNqALrPu3gA0h4Mfky/5s30M68ax5i5t4iEv903c+Q5uKfvOueLShdehBqyDTkV7X5HYgp5ssm5wDcrYruGJn3Jsiv0Pru4U2C4dT/WSjcehmm0OmeNTnrY+33cbY5WNXb5HMEZshO/DQS6cNkv9sZCsfHegVSfbyzbzSv449YHu5BVznK5j+46NTrPkiDmLmO+hvfvObl83U22sfY3vbxW8xFg+tWLCbbz4OdtDWby7II5c91ii54pANwBh+2D1kF3Q9+7u/P8CO4pZM960/NooJKBez0XU2aMkQMy2f9c2D9pwXsL6/CrAnvWtM3vQFBsVxQvfrfnz0nAO6xCvZML3rGO1B9HtIZjrog13X0rO219gEMshjl3aCuMLm/QjIAdPGENAL2SN3zD+d1pnarS5o6XLAsZ78IzN+0tQfOXqI9eYYvfUtl7TWsBqhrb45tHoYJ5P9PdDTT6/6wV79+qxz8aLbdUim+uSrar4KRp+axU71ht7+JsP3qdVH/c961rOWMfuWOtYhDaoX+snxaS29d9111/JwQH+flLGXjewgS728KpBZTMik15qGc56bE5B9jQXuzRm+creYmQvj+vWxl+6F5/KrIyeJp3EvbeiViye6E42vjhi9aO2Z9i0PAurcRf8Fbh+0s2Vt7xacozPWQbt9Q/zknAcmbXS3IlwftHdAYkn6vvPlbYC3iIqPt49XAYlNTijJJGAIJDvovnbCTE7XIZktlop0B410o3P4UcwsAtf6KhggeRZG8gLXCpbFYyHhU3gUSkWCLoWX3fiNAfrZlD/pgPq2/JyQ7RBUgPDpm0XiHOKZRUYf3pAP2iCfFGY+uzae3XxU/G1IoT7+sxMtHa7F2xg+hdUm4aBtk/BHtTYsB0mfmthoxNlmJOZi7WAp//DbPMhD7958eoMjJ+mwmflY2Ftzmw2fbUT+6t4B3kGVTLLp5V95wNbe3rSR0jXjDmfs9OMp38QEP7piZCN2eLZm2OsrWNAYf/whlF888JbLIYBNNjeHafbi8XBrI7aRigf/xZIOdrC3N+bNJRvYxH42ly/5kD9Aa0x/eH9BXItdMt2zGbATDb2QfTOn18A3dooHKC9BfgTr+6sA3dk59ZM1cWs8aLzr2QbG+XgE4lTuxY+PjWImdmu5W5CtewjoAOTBmeuwuZmgf0J05R4gBzSf6TmCaNDHR3Z5LHegNabWaIsRWrHpKyK+GuLtsQdYhxzrGVh31myHz+Ls2rqyvjykQzWeXLzWppwD4iEfyVKv8FqzaCGZbEOvJvnaxjOe8Yylxlnr1rNxPlrT3mJ7I812NvzkT/7kUiP45a26h0q+eXigV81TP/0jVmT7bWw1UvzZig4PW8SOvdXwc9B6pVuM+MUfvHPNNi+he1AMJrjHw46Q/2vZZJjf5vTBJ12kniRe8smvk090n2i8sUa36D6pzD60wJvuexzCL2myc23Pwn8G0K/9mmCMbjGzv9Al5vLP1wDV+uhuRXjQKcjno3wLgoSxoL11k2SPecxjlsTxW9qe0B2GJNMRWEQlM5RkeCwkCCQnaBHUhhNaINqwfvaiV/jocg/I8/T/mte8Zjm84HfY81FemzfAY8z9tGHqyg/F0ffg6FDQKmqKB5kOV2QoGtrkpyP5R0CewoEHbZuMa33G0BxBdot1BQywIdnsNQc2C0i+MQjwtBmh73BjQxBPxRKtzc3Gwncbho0Jbb72sCJvxMkYPm9tbUB+49XB0hsomwZdbO53YL2d8vEvPebOJsdeOj0A0mtz9EDl42LfgaSPbnLNmc3MpzPeVrm3Ed9xxx3Lx7Rske8eLMXHwZjf7Od782iMbVBstc23PGMrvegcCh2A2Wgz/dCHPrT45g3bc57znGUTlkNoxMVYh/1amzKfjKHhM6Cbb4B8hRwPewA78LOdLeaYj3jYGgKy0EDX54CMdO8Bm9jKjmSzR74A8y9ObIJtkOgA+WwxBsw5WeaY3Q4U4lYcJhpf98EjkJ9giw+CaVuYLsCW4l//2hYyotkDfuIjD+KZLZCb6d2D7N0DOsxJtk1bXQO2mpv613QQ0NVcybl8aH6TdwR48hniSZa2a2uG3ebMQVOt0conD+/Wldyo/gB+yEdriM2uHaShdaqeeZi1/n2dixw+qY9yTf6RIX+tM7aYA+sOvz461YLkq0P+oTD9H/3oRxc77RseAv7qr/5qqW3qlHpJF5l+ylOd8AD+iU98Yqlt9iuy+F3N/cAHPrAc4tCyix3VVPrFp/3XWuSHGnIE+JozrRco4qPWso98MXfd3Mz5n5gs6Fofua1z8SKXDLaZO8Buc7zYfdpX77nnYs+6yCOH/IsfExDfz3/+oj6T748l2ednQ73R1l/9ftDJxGmL3LqQd7EHssHYEaBt7e0BGjrR8dec+Slk37U3h+m+FeH6oL0BEs+G5ueFFCa/L2rh67MQLOoK9BG00MNZPCGw8ECLoDYEWomLvySe91Dxwdshx0LGR74F/Zd/+ZeL/fSyX+JbGBasPtd48WQDSBdUZByqyXMAUvQUIjLwoCEXup9+zjhM+XuQTRDggUAfv5J9BGKDrs0KsJMMtvDJNR/MV37iM8fTN4XMpoFeDBwsbTLGHEzRurZx2CC8WSELKvb+qMcf1jpco6PP5iaW9KGh0z0esXUoNmbj63uO5omONj+xoMtmq2jbIMg3D2iNs5k+h2kHV3zedDsAoyfPYd5B3se3eNGWDzNuyWOLcbR89/ZcHvIDD/vf/e53LxumTdGDgkOAN2z0oaHbBtwmykbzZN1B8REzDwbo+Uc+3c0ZH8WC7mzSb7xNy9yx2/hRPoBzuWn8HA0b008+NLdsBOxBUzzLw+znq2t9wGGHLHFgt7m2FsnNnhDvug8eARsAuvjXcsS+6y2aae+eDPYW56sAntrwqnBOD9vMCSDX/dpeMvg0+/ZotO5n7s3cEp8jMK9oygH37AvLWfMgH6xTdcHb3da+OmA9obV21Hx7gVxhAznWnMO0MYdPNYxPgN3o1QL7hLzMTzlChhzG06GaDH3s8XckbOOzHCeDPf4g7iUvecly7ZM7tYHtfonCgYzPvv7mIK71R5FeaJElnh121ST/Uqw17/vjfpZQn0/N2KaOQP6wHV0+qC9HUMzZjt/DBzvFg27xLReMs6u40d08Q/4Ya7y8L4ZkQuNshHjKGz/T9zUnfecO2q5Ps3Pj9tsuXhp97ddefJ2o3Lnn7lMdOfFPW+hhx4XMi681oT8CdPiOQDzkhPxii59mfcQjHrGcnaovtypcH7Q3QEi8uX7nO9+5FIYXvOAFy6LwVC55HCgUkaskXgsPtvgkdYldAupvAWtDoLVQ8Wsn6oMtWps3XQ4p3bPDd2HZbYFa1BYEQGdBJgsvmxQn2II0zg60eNEp1g5BDpx49Vec85ENAH9xmL7tAT0VgnjIoif70FwF2DGLCVuSW9EiW5/YdIARUwXeXLvHnx/4IHqbnMOxQ5DiLAYO2v1uKxrzYENyIHTYtIH4WNSbbIXJ22Ubz1vf+tZ7NzH6vWHC45Cu30e7HSjFwSGXPBtNh7vmhy3sYrcHAfLx6OuQLobm0cev3qybS/xovXlqrvK7vIA2Ib8QwAabm1xgo3jR6YHC787/yI/8yPJWHQ3ZfMFv4xMTPrKbHLFDS643XnIXkst244o4egcJPpo3/oi1uNCNB405Yjeb6OSHuTZuDBgv10A5uwdXyd/mgg46oVjPgzY/ymUtBOU6YBOf5Au/5BiZvcEkF2RTvPM+PIJ8R4d/YrziO8fX1+UkmOPasDw6AvFAw1/I39A9meJL3xHk0x6QIw+ybctmdsDu1+OQvZA9xsy7XDff+vCb63P24kWTHLZ1cCTTPZ88qPoDMy+ArHvzYlwtt3bkGH7r09pmo1pk7YmfT7bUHuurly/2OWveH1qjM1Z+kUOmlwzykDx6HOrVLrKMOxj7RM5hu5rgYR6Nf+XVIVo9ePrTn76sW3PIZrrER7zEEb2Hh+LnPp0+YfbyQe1wyKaHnGIE8bDVmHixX61g7xHQIRbNdwdtvokDG42J7cxHQI8xrTXQHEJQ3htDw95qgTgX6+YZ/22Xb6atvgcv379WC2678cW7Lw/aaE82IPBzgF/3td7c26su9qfPf/60r42DNp/gtNP19GMP0LNpD8hVoz00qeni/9SnPnX5Xj7fyJentyrccgdtSSXpLGithS6xgYRowb/hDW9YDjX+AFLhUJwcfDyB+26YRVvybSHoKbyE1i/c9Eq8kn5vCvTjT95cLPOaL9r8SBcdbLAAfEfX994UDoU0/xUpfotDix2vNnQPySdPUXbfVwUUNPI6GCrufCYbzkMOPpBscFEUvvzWhi+N8wWKdW1j9B0B/8iLp3ut+2QC/c1JetMT73qcL/qhwgkUGDkk5jYWm4Q3Pf4YSXzFXg6R4/dibRoOiT5CJd9mosBDvGKCD40Wn7mCrvU1L+bBZtnXS8iD7EMLXKM3Tge7XbPb3Dn4eyDzxlmO428uAb34FPpkKqAOfvLChu4gjZdtDsbA2yd84gazu+9ciyWZNn4bN9/RiLUHA/YVf4DX/IuP/BJX/M0pPtC8QUBPMUEnL/EAffAcTPppU3kB9bFR6x6tjRW655uYim1rIznG9ecLOejNlfjwQZzF3Hj+ZE+5XB96eAR0syHf5nqgQz872aKfPP0QTeuq+1DfvDfON7AeC5s74H6rJQd/fs5+OONpvFbflFVcGps0cMZk0q/jKQf5ZY6gWMlJ69K6Eh/rkzzXxY9MfNagPcb6cihkh7VDrjwx3w6yHsi98cVDhoOv9eNwA6wJ+h2Y8ZKlprDDgdZB1b0x61atklta64dM9YqdDsnGvJFkJxnsNObgbE323ep+is8B2Zx4cEejDqLDR4cXVeWytUuu1rqgW36RoaWHbx4u1Q8P7mJnPsSEb2TzQzyM8cEhXMzpEB9x1M+vIyCXjWJZztjjOugDsvhCF7vZ6do4e/ng7X1/GyMHfDrATnLI5T9dfGNjayL75c5SN28Tj9O6+tJpXZ0Oz2guctF6u3v5R2rYcFrdl/lkr5L7chOeapC33icb8cWPlr1z7egL80MLAbrWFvr8rh+dezrEz5nJ1wPte2jouj5o30JQckjmEga22UkwBcIBSLFSQCzqNjiHCB+9W0Al7cRkkN2TMLoSVr+kg67r34OSGC1ke1if5AYtePrwoVHoFEgF2PfZFKAKq3G8/GOr6z1/IPkKQwdthU6rmIkfPQ7Z+smjs9gqTvjEzZh+MP0hi93s7xBdX8iebGLLEYhFi59MMaeXLjL0QbLQNS8gO7RAf7nTGBn6yLRxaY25ZptYeLBx6PTWme8KoyJEngcfm55DtjfO4sdmbQdudOw3Z5B88bMh068gkynm9MpZfPrQ29zNDxu0bXhsFWO+G9Nn0/SpDd3eFvmXvOQPX/hJp42HLrzkWR9bQC5QXMWKTVo22UzoJ8fmL0b80mdT9YDCfgdJPDbYDv3sECPX5ZH8Ets2reaGDeYLLcSnr3t0YqZNpvYcoAfJKXfppB+Sw1agH42YZWOHHLabXzTpNq6/MT62RsWHLnVIfIBx8vOV3mwjs1gcAVp+0Y2WjOzX3xhdaNHoIxugpR8NcE13bYiHT7NvTXPOVlBM8zU++kPjYMqvzzVIVzSTFhqPZm3XvGcPO6wR8yzP1Tvg4EduD0byn91y3OFLTshf/HKidezA1gOrw6y3hcb0efi0buSRNWqNyBc2yxNxtr68YNGKOTo1iYwO8Xwwxi62sMGncWoQn6xxrTWpPrg2ro7o8yMB6gRf1TOfRNFX7XLQcnDW5wUDv9GSxX5yxEVe8Ukt9MkYH8lSi/LJQzm/HJj188G+7OUCu9DxoXpChgOu+dDH3yMgWwzZAcyLA775En812rpTU80dua1p9+WhtcoOMRBbcuUFH/nLDvPMJzzu0ZGhjy/m9e7TAbv89vN+X73IskdfrFeHcIftU4Yu8+iA7Ssn/SM10EH7Cye54sEOLflg5nz0F3Iu6kUtpA8vxMOX6k6y5Sk/xctce6PtobDawOdbFW65Xx2RNBJF4kiOks4Cc+0Q7fthCow/2rIALDxJpBgqaPpmEu4hPSWneyDhWjyu038VIG+2QTL00zN11qeAsV2BYj9f+GxMHPStF9waAblioeUHPvdk4dcqbsYVDgVb8TAG0gHwW6xaQJaiA5ficvIrjIc/kJx1HPageEwgs/5k5+ccc00Pe2Dx1A/Yob/NouLJF7HQQuAtR/8ksALepmduFGAFyvwo3GTRxYZkmCdQkXNvs1HAZixs7OZa7G2u0IbANuieLn7YFJaifrIZH/3envlJJvLRGWMHW9HaKL3l8sBgEzXfbEADzCc+6BrKhdYYHXz30Oeg3Vtt9nZQQSevtHjpbs6bE3Kzrfwz1jwCdDM2xtF1Pec4+fEeQfRhfGQB1+lxbbxcR8Ne8aUfTp3ZZRwaE1/yxMaYeRcfUK6sMSCPjCNEn97uoev63Ys3bCxafexDB/TNNkjWhDUNmecgvcW+PvLDLRv2dG3RBvpC+tZYf+uynIStBX1sqibqQ+se9CDlMOdw4gDr6yEeeB269asRgM0OctYx3WTJC/LUDmMeiL0s8jcY6g391STr2yHUPf7ilu3WuPVojyDXwx0d8o2fdNgffdrr8E/fnXfeuXzV0ttMh9H+3gNau+qFmufhwdoXF7rJlNv0sM2bcAdZ38NWJzwosKmDO1nsVHd8N5sv+oF4q3vGHfAf//jHL7FkOx/pOILmES1bxFcc2ccfLxX6BSVzwc6J9gBxwe++P+RU0/jCV7XSeQINu8WdT/TVd29OnVJRnNyfOhZaNMa+eKJDu8zf5UF7C/Et3z05ATnhwncaJzO4l+cSup5xge7pbg71kcN/e4j59+syXi7J6/jCWxFuyYO2JGnjBwqHoqMAvu1tb1sKlB9Y98dbFqfk6UlUkbDJLcl/gnUShY1Z/HOB4JOgJel601nDlIe+xA7muJausHubtWLt6R/SbQHwWSzQVcCSt4WAPLTuyWG/ey3fyOzgFRoTb8VS4VJw6C8eZGWzPnK7h+mOPqx/D4xD+oszGYBcfVqQLG1jXU+9ruvX6hND+cFHRd1YxTM5gN9yTL51ADaGxmZlbhRl42TqJ0eskkd2RQ5vG1U2ahU8h+GKHJvEXoGXvzbONmqbuxy3EdSPV/6jZy+/kk036BDIVjK05TQbjckFrX76yabDx9c2XW+5eiAgvzjxm+3yCH8ys8E1KA7uW8tkJActDBqrHx9dWvf5Fv8exM+e0P3Unb0gndbXtJdv9MOpM7tCcsw/+8oZhyF9xor7xCCbziGe9ILkGNOfP2yYcdKPTp928s82mDqCNQ255yCbi3192ZpdYMrf07VFC4xv2YMubJ7Mqbx1QLUmxURuW1/WtXVkDVgLZKoZDqoOb/Yab00dsP3hsAO2N7VkmV8yrLEeRLXyiX733thawx5ePdD3UsUYuxwAe4vNRrnXXLKdvcXSunONr7rAD7WGjR6w/f0Guxx2/WjA5z73uUXuIx/5yOUXuthObnuBr4PhJ0/u4tVPh/qhFjhk88ubcbx8YGfzmU3qEzr+8JtcsTDmoV2cxNEf4ulTa/CqZ3Pe1gjooROfebLe+mTbHNFZjWejGscP8+RQbU6hGuyeHMBnB1CyPfgU/2IuHvIDutbv7bR/AdI1oFPeoI8XnDL03jxd43LIvvSv+XZdTNkxYeG5BHThYs+lTNfZWD9Z5kGuyF3fzZYrQXxidivCLfk72pJNorQILHQLRpL4lQRFyUcfnlwtKsmviEgUtIoHflDyrXE9BmayQ0DvpFtjgHfCFm0LEUbTYmKzBe5jOQVEX4udbLG4ykEbLZktNmDx5Bu6irmiBBUishVHhbGCHz076CeXTIUST/4A8mGL+6qLFj+6aJND9pofrf6pF0y9IJnaxvIH8KV5nbr0udbGz0/X8kp8klFMoOvos61Cl2ygH8rfDqmATLRsAa5tbObCZubaw6RDuD72eeNFB15yzCcf40+3PnLRWSv86CGCPzZ6hwubv/zzm98eZG162QTpIIu/Wvpcg3yFxaB+WEyLDUhuEB9sTF9xJbvYJ/8I8GdTetKhhbPf9b/3oK3NLvR4rV194sNnY9mdPi3MjmnTHqKftkwZ9aer/uS6Lw7lnOvZBvk2YU1D5jlY662P/HDLhj1dW7SAHD5p0W7ZJl/5hFdrXsy1Q6X5an6ac2vT285+icchzttrX4lwgPUJV4c0c24dWU+trw6ADr90tH6hdeatMp3sIseBx3pWawDbmkvxYy/aDnpyC6oN7RUOj+xiM9utX39jYsyh0sHa98chXcbZQy67+VBdB/TQTz6bHYbVBy8b+CbO9gmyij3eHjDd8wO4Jk+8HLTpYo94ioWHAHOjDh0BOWLBJ9dql2tvs82TAzdf1MhiB9CwScwcNsVDHpg7/e7Nub4eivjhnozmVcvOe3Ptdgdt61/dmwftUw0+9X3pnss1fnTQvgRyWyv6y2uoD06ob45NmWSJAajffJhPZycPOj0k4ucroPdWhFvyoF3ymPwmXpL3xlfR63u0EspikTAWg4VYIQUl2RpBCRq4Jy+kW3HY4g8B2mTVp23haSeiZzse9y0mBynFTAFFwy+ANr70bmG0ydcG9aVPK76utZCvClHxg+yq0KMlR7+iSmd+ayeCFu8RoGULdE0+JFsfyI/o8jX6eR9fPtaPzj0/iis/xAQt3xVZ/itAbWZz4+CPPr5rxYVMsuWnjQqdfvlINt0BWjL0oYfo8NBBb29cFMTekLm2aWttkOwk26cP7m1izSPIV3ZA4zZHG76HVTnmTZevhbiHvpNpE3QwsOGJB9/JYR/5IT362M7GNqDmIh+Ntw7ZgTcwXmzwhMXTmGsI3PM5mnOAbq0DH9uSS09j6NjKZmP8z9f8DZKjr3lGrzVH5M71kj/Zok2e9ioIpt5kgWxMF0QTPYh+fT/lgMkTrGmy5wiyMd/rIz/csmFP1xYtYKs4r21CF1qv1oC1IretKdfWA3DQdTj1NQZfnfAPeNhjHEh8vO5Np5c6dFmb8oQc63DmPzvkgzHryCHSg6s9qzUM5QmbqjXWGV79ZEP+0Nd8iCO77XF4tfYLX83wNQz2k8VONr3rXe9aeP1xo9/hN65mqQP42EgnWWx3YDbmAKyuqAXqhAO2+iBWbBI3svjuzXX2Afr5JNYOrng8SLSu1AB7mxgYJ89XT6Cx6uce0mWduRYPcXdIdsj2qYNxso25jicbiyeshnpYEBd+8VVcvQhhN1/I4A8EzRs7fD1kOVB/6ct1zx87ni6XPnHVv/xPu4WEjpTOVnMDXc81BFyHjcWnrR8CevR7gJC/ckKuLz6c5gXQhQbtrQi33EFbkoASpqSz2BUsRdHH5jYyxUtiSBiLzmJwLcEsInBvQq8QlGRBuqcN5Gn3EG26Av1Tl/sWgfsKqta9Mbbrs+AVOvcd8tgJ0U25awQtMHbV77pFp6Cxgy6FDRpXPBRpb0XoUrCyCWQ/m42TA/CGQbbgOYLsKi7NW7L05w/IH1A/+ooEME5vRQqQxw/3CqU2P4xFb65tHr3N4KMWnQJMdl/5KI5sECf5VyzJAtNWkP3ZXj85kC4tGdoZY0BPG7brvk8uX3pzZnP38bSN0obquoO1FlpLxr3RwoPftZjwzSZo4xUHccvOgD3FJFv4pV/LD4Cm/Cm+aCCZ0cNikP/GGwPFa8rfAzLWEF8xdp9frulkK5uNs7UcgtkBjCdHzIC8Ag5DwL35W/s6fQ7Bum+NIL3dkwWy0X04bUQ/aUH3tUF8E9Y06T+CdOZ7feSHWzbs6dqiBY2XH+YDmsvWOH8cMuS89VNekuXQ6CDqsOrA1lcStb63rP7K8d5QJ8uBUf5nj37X1hE9aKwzh0g1XS7IqdYXucWILWqHdZQ8tBAYdzB0ODZuD5Rnaja7vRm21v39Ehnki4Wf6vNTg2Szi/3pQdNB2YOEt9a+r+2wKW5+StRXRXrpI5/Z4U2oGuMBxH7cQ4YDK0BLtjojtmqLw51+UMzEQ0zp5Rdf6BWTI8TLZvLodij2KYMHBL6xsfjSYQ23jmvZgJdPkI++K+/FA16HUPZAMuiC5sO4OWSDP3T0rz+esvJ0T/7FOjxl5WLn6f8Xdh8ctNH4j+tsDOkAxe6C/sv1M3Qfz4X+i3UCk0uWPPR3bf6+x9wbK+ZotLcq3HIH7ZLHxJcEksT3zHytQmHxFFuCVTRLyopVSbaHxisS7oPGARssLrL3kB1sCOI3VgtLdvrYy87sNgY8RSsWCpnCqnh5S4BOf8V5D4N8UiSSDVzXV9y0aNsA2NAiN84OhSl72eF+bhRBduSz63NgjqMvllqA3zWa7pNZPzRH+Wl8q+igcw/d46cTHeCfzUi/wm9TIlc8HDjFB6afjHzXlyx6xAmvIq6PzHQaFzvIluJkjA1i24aOP1ry0Ig/kBfp08dmG7vN1nestQ7XNmAbIt8cMuQ8II8/dNBPjntrS9718aoNne35rY2eveYLHUBXHNCIAxqAhh/FrZigwwPRuDcGQfFBW66mbw+SN6E+GH86kt96QCM+/ECbXUEytNkjR1ybO/3uxZZcsdoC9Mnteg9Bet2TC0E2Aj4ZR8t+LYh2fV8bpGPCmiZ7jiAbm+f6yA+3bNjTtUULyDdn0PyVc+vW+nDtZYIDpQOolwq+SuFfx/Mm24HVwc0Bq/VmPTqgaPU7NJpPdZHOZFtfPhW66667lsOjGPLRA7BretUSOUE2yBd6yERvjbiOn/wO+a4dkBws+aAGWOP+MNF6t249JPgqBf+MO/A7QNKhzxtwwHa20GG/0fpjSXuAr3LwiT77Bb/Z5cFDPfEzgb5eRh+7zBFafrkmj50e8umkSy6233YQVrf0qTs91OPfQz6gr77Qzcd+thA/ZLNxPqF1z9cOz8bog+bHIZs/aByy9QP+kMH+5kSfa/lwEnSy6WIOb7v9pOv2i3px8fN9l+vzRLP8T7uBvl6y8J/0sJP89mhARri+nyie1atF7mU/qE+8nv3sZy8PkfrEUz9Am85bEW7Jg7ZJlwAWooUjgfwRpKdtbx8UHjQWWQcTiwOdw0SJtYWgVnFYjzcGSv4tmtCisxDX/aBr9kDy+FdBcN0Y2xVjhaSfVlKYO3wr7IrEhLWedIlNtmv1a+mArrtHowVsor/vELunV3w7cLuGxpMdgnR1H7hv4YPuW+zdi6fWPTmTZspFB40pTvkN8i3+2Y8eH8CHzvyJMb8V/XxED/lus5V3eMUFD8BPjrmRg+KHrnvxTSceOdd1frEdnWIZmn/93dOTbjb6PmJ+422zki/yyNuk/rhHv/myMRp3WKj1dozf0wY82c0XY/rYqoXFUosnf6IVc7by13WyXaODrptXfK5h48BYfdGjBe6BvqBxbePAPVlhdjTmvnnFz15+uE5fkAz90YgvOfJGK+YdtMnUB7badd8WkEMPvd2zH0/21A/1Z7trfSAd3dcG5PAJbNGs+UF9a1jzo8tWqH+Odd+8TIjOWLkA5prSWn/QfXSugVz3lRB/DOh71w5VDqXe0spNNtk/vIXVVnfxm0tvPl17Y+0rIdCh1E9uvu9971sOvB1SHfysPzKtNbrVBDlGLjnirA/Sbz1DOcQHtPS3T7HBwwB73/SmN907Zo4dvr//+79/edOMD6jX9AN7pRqhjjksk+Uw7CHcp1rveMc7lmufkuEhk83ZjVctUEM8SJBHv3760POJTrbSg9f8oDXuoV3rIR6fueG3+OgnB+8ekkUn29GzB785VA/JM84Gssw/X9DQV6zpV/PI469/GVe8vcSTEx4UsoVP5kucyz065Mfig+99nP5PT7XAP1oDlhS9SNPTUfvyP3xxffnf5aB9IsRXzZnrL53dg+5BfXxMP4iPD8lE++M//uPLHPLXPfpo6b9V4Zb7HW2JzWWJoKBJfAv093//95efK1JQjFlMRzCTcQ8UNQvKgivpLBi8LdQSGLpHy8YWFjoL8QhsunTRQUY+uoau+eiNAZ//+I//eFn83k54WvcX4WgURn63SOgnVwvIZZ8FA9Gkq4Wstfi00982Kf6Q5+AA0Sgq3k54Y+oAWLwUrL5iQEaFn0y6tGQaB3jFSoGq0KI5B+w9AnOUfraxWTEWm3yjr/joozfdfIbkHEFxA2SwvzakQ19zED29dGhnPmzJgOwVu2SRK342F/NiY2EPmcYqqPThp4ff4q0P8rexfCZbrKbutT3o8wt2rYVoyEHnOrvYak7o5bMNFz26aI2xuxzmM/7Q+LwHdPONDsB+2HyCbM/m9XV6te6Lh2uxMmZTzoboi6N+9/SSyT9r0zrho42cv+jcH0G+088vsSGTnvRp838PzAEZ9GUfPj4lMxnFQds17FC1toWcsIMHerC2Dz0btmKmDeVHh69qjXv9wHqkI1n4jalH+sWcfWx1jdchEK0/CrR38MUBSm2tXuVfuUm3wyZZdE0sNq69PTa/vg7iLbG3oWxyUCSXHOtaay7kMpAj+TJjB8WHXXKFbw75/PBSycHXYf0HfuAHlrfu3pr7aVtjfg2FXuOuHZ7Y6pDe3kguUDfocvAVJzbwXT33L9265x96sjyA80s/mWLlIYM/xunsQUP87FP8ZzeZHjTEm2/sIot8Y/TKMf6aB/ziKLa+/nEE5JQHzbkD/S/8wi8sseB3tVK/Vr8+9+Kgj268dL7//e9f5tQDipcTYsx+82WezAlkN52gXK9WuYfleoieTpDdtSGYrfE1DZvLQwjSxzctW9isXxzkAVp+ioGc9JD2lKc8ZXkRQy6Z6ULr+laFW+6NtskumSx41/6wQ8IqmBZuG8D9BUkp2SCYSVdiz6TXV9KDaPVFs4X5lC7XYXIUtRaOoqbgkstG/ooFaDPA02JrgSTTvTE02VofzCeQTxAYa8EqFHQDfQqkTYONFVTF1SLHZ1FXQNmFtzF2dW3Ro6MDTXZvIcjWPaALLR/4g7646NfH5q61aGYMIJ4jQE8myLbawHi6k48mnfrZkhywlgHQ8MeYOGnbpG3m4kfe9IfM5Nbvnj3kZReMvnyYsLYnWUA7MciWro3JH/lKPpvZkKx4pz2g3N5DgHfOdb41NuVv3QN8Uy9Z2Z9N5KY3+nhmH77myyFQv7VgHbhO7h7gNQ9Trvs5b1cBtoh3cQn5POM1YdJN/9DiayzQpw6ow3LQWlYbyi2te5s5umyStx0A1A2HK7wAfYcBMRM7DyoOfsWFDPmP36FHHz7xVi/xOkg64PkOqsOpN7yuHQQ7aLMnO8gUX3Lo4bN+hzKotslhY9oXvvCF976xZq+DvD+c9DLEH+er0cbkevK01Uw2d/BxTSZf6HLA4x9b/LKWODz/+c+/8cxnPnPh8ZN6H//4x5f4+lT3jjvuWHTzWV+1llyxoEON1vq6iEOWFzV0OVy+9rWvXf7hN3bTBc1XLwDYIk5sBOLW3ACyxR6P38P2j+IYZwP93go7OHtJxH9+ioF5NU62PU4eyE1+wyPgW/nJRvT09a9ZkiPeQOzpoxsUG3Ry0zx7WPKAxWf9xsngs5iSIUfc6289TBtch/ogMIYfb+Nsm9dTVtd7mNwgnvq1dLb+W4f6+WqufIrjK1Jigg4UryB5txrckr86IjEcrFuwr3vd65YnTr//KJkkr2S6vyDJyElWCd0ige5Diw1GP2kn3RqNS+z48cBkQOOKj8LILkXI2239CoHiYLyFBNBZUNNuqB/WB9BEr9VPTv64R2N8FtuKjk2VbQqSBYyPLZ72bS4KGbnG8JNFBjoFzz1ZAI0+/PrQ7SEf8B4B+0B+TB73AI3rSQOBPpicPdiSWxuIQf6u9c34pxusZQAyypXm69970Ab0pXOOr+knrO1xv+5LfkBOfdllbvlAN5vzI1noJgJ86/6JATpy6OWfNtmNhUHXycKTTDwQ6IfmINro4wnJ5CP/tNaDfvPj4AH0H0HzE9DhfmK2HUG25P/axmTMsXyaGNDrXou2GJWHybX2HaT0A/4Y0ycexskRDzVdDYHejM7aoOY7wPlDOm+mHT71Oxw6kHXwY08HSN+xfvKTn3zjcY973I2HP/zhy72Dtb3CoS7ZDhoOVQ7lbAIOHGwij051rEOJfccfA37gAx+48cY3vvHGG97whsVWb2691fX9bvo9cOCnoxjIheKOZx60yWcHXWKnHx9/9Yvr05/+9BvPfe5zl0+tfC3lNa95zfLPhdPpwcEBm31k0KeOkoWXfPEii33mwjX/HCx9VcLfcLgXGwft4jDrdrkRoIFo+GpvMh/8F/u+yia2vi/uIcSnst4Ss0fNx68ln63k0EG39XIux2e+ArLI8Qd+8gqUq9r2ovKWfnljDr3N9tAkbvZWrdihZx9+bbHF7z79cNoDg2jzhywYXddaMqac9Vj90D25oBZkFzuha37ILTbIL2vQOvGVJrLFLV0T6LgV4Zb76giwWKHF9973vnf5PdAXvOAF936kVeIfwVUSpqJhMQlziUe2/pJWwhqrX6u/DQXdEZCPZ2vh1JLjo0IFio6/+Zu/Wd48GOtNjc2GLMieFlO2FRd9kEy0AE39dKLN98Yhn+jUbzECBUohM6Zfccev2Creij7a3kQpZhVui9w1veYUHTmgxX4E2XQECirgD+T3jDHgA5vZ3/xBEF9y9oCs7CWDntqwOUmXFvABTn/jWcuAYqY4Np/kOIiIobm4yldH8K7ja0w/nvTWH67tcT8RbxhtOQPKLxuXXHHvYJUtyQ3wQn34uofNYQjQ5bdxMSc72wDadKzbQLzwJw+6JstYb7nQwOI7bQJ4HDj4b03ot2atAzIdSI4gO4rvtDM9ZK/tX4NxdBBP9gJ9YtN9cvOlPjK06GB9xYccb3r1W+9yU59cBWLWQ6D5dxhszctpbfTkyg/jxYlsOe5e/Bwq0ZHpoNl3n+W/ddDLB4cn9qBlU3On/pgTbcAG9YDvdKmrDtVah0LosM0uMuSX2uATVfLFsVybc5ZfaPEZd812OvlEltbXLrxMYUMyvQH2lZdiKX4OhOT7B0Y8SIhhvwwCxU8MyOCTGNBpjA5jarTvZdNlTtnJvmp0cw3IcZ3PYkAH+9mhBf6OyEML3xzgfKWzw6s59Cbbd6cd7B22ywn28I8O8st792J+BPjRxUOm/Hrxi1+8PFTwi/3G8lUcOmg2F/x+85vfvJwt7Ff+YNODB3/kFjn4y0n8WrEgL6Ar2LrWQnZDMmcL92jWiIZdYT5Gb16SI//57p69+vj90pe+dPlUA6/cki/medpK3q0It+QbbZMtcRws/CW0j70UGgtBEgHJcgSS6xxIRnKSVdJKOH0lbgldP6wveu0eSvZ0TGgcWAgO2gqlTdtC4G8L26JQLNzTx3axgMlIhzE4ga36tCCb4tEv5mhayO4rrIqOQmOcLRasBx9229TwG1eUQnbygwxFjp3ZQQd/kr8H6LN5D8goBoDe5iqdaOrT6p9xy98jSBYgY7YB38zJ1AXyw/i0FaxlADLmXGs7lCiO4k7O9CcdYPZr3Ys5mc39HqCfsHUfBq6TmQ3pK2eiz39t1yCZ9W9hkKwZ03zLlmj2AG8y0U/7YWsrrH/2ZTP/8Du46beO89naOQJxQpPtE6ddV4FkTHuTo93KP2BsAr5JW2zJMcY3B5ZZf7TuYQdK69/BqzfKapyDooOat7gOtfIa9ADp00uHNG9vf/RHf3RpvbX00bd+hyH5zwZrFtLJNjXFGnEwotPhGa2DuDoF2EQv/X5x4iMf+chyIFRvyWCHt5z0aB34yfCyo7VozopnDxfs6VBqDLKr2icebHLAZp/Doa89+P61A3bftXYAdDg2zmfjDrL8YmffQyeXbvZqxZz/Yuytta+GiDlfzR0boXlDD/nBB/IAm12zmz/GgLiw2bjcBuwBxrxsEWt7tmsPDR5wzCfdgEwxSA5gL+RL8q4C+PGQ5w9czVG2sr+HCHFnX/OUHm/bxdg+xkYxYr/44yEfXzkP9WU3QAcnNF7LljXiqQVokxXOcdcA3bQFRAPQ8Vmczau4uvcg4Tfh+7URPokbOvdT1pR3K8Ete9C2GD0de9PgO2DeZli4FhCQLBJkD6+SNJKsxAUlN/6SWR86CCatvnSkbwuzdfbFA4wpXvyreOKpCCnOFkWLHl+bi5Yt2QuyF119097krMegazoBW+hA21sB4xavDUVrA7MhKHRsqZBCNL2lIBuQRy7afDlC+uARZDd6QK5Co9VvvM0vv5MfPURzBNkDil1tkB3pAemafqQbrGWA5tsY+7X35aANtGQVk/rBtCOY4xPQGtsa10c2aK7phOJqzukH2Tp1T7n697BxtFpymlu65N/a92AtZ9qAJ/uLozmYPPWv+7Qdqh0qgfVsnor7EZjT5gaQF2RX+o7AONpi07oAxaG5AfqSv86P2cc+KLZQvMkxJifnYdpBy4HV1z4cKL1xVDvykUxARl/BcChzGHCI9tWP7/7u7773YOAli1x3APIda/WfjOqLvOqQla3G2NTBTwz44zDlgO8Q6m2vt5hQn++u+hSCHvXXfJKt7WDqIYovYgDorAaXg8boYyPULw/oZ5c3y+q8MW9T++fd+YkOja+LsNshUG31QgO9ePKxTz3RswEPX33thm++7tK/ComGH2JIH1+Kkxxxn73NTzngWmucPr4D9tBrP0ArLmjR6KOTbLHEI4Zib55c062fj2JhroyRcQTlZddk0ek762wq1+nms3vXaIsVHQ7Yn/3sZ5ecFWN2ylN+FI90wWIyW+PhBPrWuO7PLpieQN9sA3TpTycaPmWva343N5BvPol5yEMeslyDfJC7aJNX/G5FuCUP2haPp/K//du/XRLfD+9LKotTYsxk24OS+QiSVaLHQ3Y6FCt0JeRMSn3o498DNOjDaVcy9Vv4ikdFQZ/NSywU+knLrop8Nhhznc3JB9MH8QVo9aGfdim4IBvwkG88OoUdOFAokt6qWOQzXha64lUBr7jnI0juHk679iB90dHFR7KLFcyP4hS9PojmCLIHFNfaCekAaz1sIyM5YEvGf8RBG+QTmvREW8zqD9b32T/7k1efls5kA/brYwObm//sjC458R9hkN7m3r08M++NaePZkkF/93QXs2w7d9B2zTfXchq/NUyvuoVfnzgcAbvRkZc/zU1g7Bygyfcpi5z65322Fbda82TtdmBVd13rM4ZHnxrgUN0hhe/eoDo8OVDKV3FxmPGVD2+EfXfaz9M5TD/iEY9Y3lY7CDhw+r6wAy86h141ha30sk2s+UV/82w8e6Br/cbp1/p+sxc2vs6g9VaYfWjNEZkOoV1DusRK27VaTHbjdIshPfxnpxoI2JvN0DUab3sdOq2HDvS9kRY/v4DhIUVd1ccn8aUHD3ooPlqHa29nvb12gCTDHAEPMGJfHrObHcb5wdbWJT380A/o06/FC9yTwV7xEFv34ijfycPPXy37yNWyy4MSWfqMk0Enm8SfriPAg7ZrctnkjXYHbf10sAG4pkcM2MmOD3/4w8unKmKMD8hvsosTWyAerTHX3dfCdMYL6XRvHLgO5nUy1kAm7HrqTh8dIZ2gtvUhrh5YYXxBOZyeeG9FuOUO2ibdYlAQvdH2tOpNh+LtiayFeQ4kzUyqLZCgM9HjYUN9krFkXielPlAC7yHa6LVBuvFX5BRXNAqg4sBvb1+8OeY3GuPG0LRYkuU6e8HaXotVcYqOnLng8ts1Wi06hVRhQ4cfH7CgbTD42KMIK15QnwKGXnG10ZCJjkzj5JN5Do+ALMhH8sSJXeTr5x/Mv6kT6INojgB980fGbINkgWKeXXxnGz36g7UM0MZgDK1Wjoil+F3loK3PnKUfZBMbmsPsDdb2FKcJaEKQ32jzjf3QvU1YnqQfooXxklXfHk5wT07+ia34rGEtA6LH5xpkA9APxWfy1D/vzYVrcabfYYwc9/jpSe4eiBEZzQnMr/QU5yPAEx2eGef6u2dT+Wit1IqfPGu9hh200eBHp07rd68+QECWr104NDtUezvtTbVrX4VwMNI6WDtg95UJtUNLTjarh/Syib30s43e7BXz3l6zVevrFQ6e0EHUAZYMSJ5587WQvlJCppiIfb40f3SUuxDoR6+F7BXbDpt4xKE5KF5s5qM31eSzmy9s4J9DtYO2A5KHE3weCshkrxwxbl9wyLZP+voLf43h8Z3oDuLqBN7mLXv5b5zfdIoZXWTo16LjQ/T5zu7yp7nio4OrfvL46KGLfnzoyGA3Xb6u4U0+n4q79giMTz/IZHNfHdEfsAfoa97MIZv8RKKcESe+epgkGy15aN1PbK1A1/WxIz3pas4BeydMGwH+5CRrDcbXNOkxTyFd7GtcTOWRdeahq3ycMUk/yOZbEW6qg7ZJlaAmGJTEJZ8Jd28xKB4KkLfZFoMnUMVJYUJzLilKqKAELVlhiZYNa3r3EngmZWAsP6I9h9FutTYAfioeJT753hjZLBQARVwfWeyq+LUQ05E+ssP6ijG+7Af60BVbtK4BPexqE7FgvZ1wrUgpWooYPhuGouegjYeOeNC41ke2wqBVEPiuzW4wefW7pyO78fLH/exDrz9d0x9YP0w+ejE9ArThhO615IP0aukG8ZZT3c+xEM28L35iJk42sPyPJshPwAbAhjWyAUQbX7KiC9IT3aRND8Cjn23ND5vbxIpL+pMJ+J3eLf3rsRA/XVpy65/XE8G8n365Zy9byh0YTzKNtQbxax30+OnQKKeTi941INeY9VTOJwummzz92eA+dA9B12QWBzTZr49N8kceOVxZtx2etey2jqHx5k5dwku+9Wx9O0SxnT5vTG3k3pj5w8XeSKvbPq72HWSHbDQOgQ6AZOAncyvuxrKbfdnboVBN7FCtzwHW1yp88ucP8ryx/tSnPrX8JJ6XNWQ62Nk/HKyrT1pjYuIrLN0D6wzyHaIxN+x1DYEYi0sPCHjEDV3zYi7Qs9fBxwHTwwUaX1ux37mmGy+76RIz0KcD2UbeH/3RHy1ffxAH/R5sxN18iJk352SJI3o04s7egE34vWE3LgZkODDjAeYAlOf8I4MOvunXZwxt1+aFPvfyRNzNoZdGWvniHw7ylSH5Z07Lh2IHiiEoT1oP8sTczIM2XuCabrRagLdPNNRPOYGePejzT5us5los0x/qiw6PWNCnH4JojCcX4MnW+pO1xgnukxcPpFscjbNBq8/DhE+RrDt+mLvJh44vrvHdqnBT/eqICbUwKrKuJaJFLnEsTjT+qXV/EOJtx5Oe9KRlESqmFpMndwvXIj6CkqZECrsH7DgCNrLrCJJ5BHxM5x6IhQJHloKMXlz47gncvwRm81LMi5nijl7ctMYsJpDt2okWmn4yFBUt0GdM3KKJp+tawL58z7d4Q3Nk3mwkNkIFXVHja/xAEVD0FAa+oOEHeWhtMuaqDRroR6vgi5t4gOROZCNZWsA29Pro6S3XuZwiK7vin/1zbCt2wHV2aItf1yEZ4pGfZHdtnn2nU54cAbnm13qBdJtzaGzaR75+Lf36YTGqP5lhtstFcVTs62cvJIN+MS439NGbPPJB85vc2rC4dG98IiD3HLABPVrXgO3sde+gbIw94sBG+uiGxUfOuJfjDjsOON7aOUA4zImJuBZjcuSrAxE9YtL8HoF4sRdd6zabyIbmwHqTF9mOjw0OVNYVei1fjaEhF5/16dqhyAbN/uawvjZsiNc9X6H6nHy2OLSjMWflhZjRIwZoxMq468B9douPazaIscO0gycfyctuOumjByTf/LCxugmbB8hfNrOz2LJRvuKhW195Ea++8gfi0SaXXnLZaUyfGqgVR9+zZp/9zJtpb6nNkXjIB4dHDyhkuGef75P7GoyXHHRrxZyNzbdcFDMvpPQZK57u8TV/fCBb/Bz+n/WsZy1vmB30Pajox4tPXPGIg7iwi8ziR477HlbQsQOtuZFL/HfQZqO9zN4uzr7K4TvlDr/4xAiIt9iRn83uyddnjfLz537u55aYGgNsAmIvRvKCbeA3f/M3lwcYDzriDdlOJz7YNVuqCfqywz3ExxZ9Ys9HdPZsuct3vtLNl2zIl/jQuTYf2uznD8RrDujPxvW19clPeU8Pv+SX31t/whOesPAXn2v4Srip3mi38Eukkk+CGbPoLJx+lsjicQCTQApqCSt50R9B45KwtmuQLVeBePfwHERD5x5aBPzXWqxsswCBhatI8d1C0u86RIuPHOBaX/FSDMIW27QbX7TJ+ff4VYs3BL2lUBC9ybHwjSmAffzZAdwcywtzq/i4Rkd2/rquQBkni0/G8h1N9gD9EF00YF5Hn5w9DNZ+4q/grWmvAtPegC2Q3Iq8a76LkQ2tdbOHAF+y9JEBQXRo2lzg2h739XU9EYgve2B9bM12+aUVs7V9Uyc7Qfe1QXGffLWT5xxmDzuSV265Z4eaA7rno9zsQOO+dWZjNScOF9BBWt6jsWbxiw2Zct1G6NDo06ryv41/C4HWocyne97c9jG8DZ9+LyisK/IcRn1dAr23wMDhj43sZ5tDlQMHdBiFvqb30Ic+dPkOta96eBumz9c/HP58n9pbat+tNu4NtrUtftYrXVqHJg8d4slndrmmVyzEhO9qhBixS/0zH3KmA6D64DDqTeTHPvax5Q8FfR/ZYdCnnmg9dJLrUMUnfvTmms/8NYczX4DrWjRdozWn8ZQX7F7nXLkcAmN8Ag5k5KC1p3XYdtiTI75CIy/EVoyM08Un8wLckydH0PCVf+LOv2ggfQ62Ym6MbnbRPxE0pjUP5lhu0eNQT5445Csa+7H58KBgrtkldmp7ssy93Pbg6eHIWqkOQPTlof1eHqAjiy6YLAhmvNkEyJX3cpE8YwCdMfuGPnklJ32FyIFeXMWef+xa68JvzLwYB8l2L8bG2FR85AY9eNmEjj/6AX5jAV3lmP7iA/QXV2gMFhtYHx5It3v6tOyTI9arr43oK27X8JVw0/2ONnckYgsA2JgkiETwdOvnlhRwb7QlC3obiqRzXyIdQQujRFwjkMznINojSNceWBjn5FhwCgPa3sooqGLzmc98ZvlLch95fcu3fMvyESh5aMWEHxZ/cYViWUxDOvBUJKZdc+G3gOuHyQ2TlR0gndC44qkA2gAVfb7YSBwSFGubhqKuYBuzQSrgfW/PGN/IYDNkG6DDGNSXDdmjDYFcayMynq3sREMGv44gumICQfpqk1OcYHGrT4t28k2syPLZvGa7A4h+H/PaPI6AHPbadPAA8sgCYkB3+dDGgw+s7YTo0ITZLnflrXmM1jUE4l8sQpBMSFdrMrm1IT52u550E68C7GU/kAf4sp98a08fu3vQA/rY4B6/gwJ6eW0D1zpgOig5TMplLwzMXYdp8cavz4GIDNdHwE80bNTSLVZs6zDZAdd8O2zRxV71wk/mscc/JoLegclbTG9NHaQ7sLEfn4OIPrknJuTSZY6qT/SLRXkjDnQHDvrVeOP0i+uE8kM8HKw9PGjFhK1+3hWNmPHR4bKDdL7iLcfLHzHCp2UzBOII2RO6J8s1X5rjcpRuY2zP19ZMstFq8aLht2vzIC5APUQnH3wCIEde/epX33jiE5+4HGzNhYeHd7zjHcv6dkiigwy+iacHDjGQa+YDmCOYPWzjOzp9IchWKFZsdAD187nm/mlPe9rybzigE1O+qjlQzviBAjT+9Ur5Y67Mq5wQQ76q7f61zA996EPLg4QHQHMkfuaDrXiyjwx99BVr9uEpdmIKQXaTJ0/mG208xtg/wQPn7/7u7y4x9HvkvsbEp9YT2dkGm2f2kQf0obdm8bIN4jM/3mijsX7E3/rJ1iCefEsvmuzWLxblNl3iAtBkUwjkAlnok+cnI82Vc1Q2XsM23JQHbVAim/wWhQR961vfuixM/ya/gqrIOGhJbhuJAiPRJM4RzLDtXUvoI0BbgdqDCtcRkDP1boFxsdBa6GxTuMh2MPVR3qte9arle5CKdAVQQRcfC1vRsbDZZMFNJI8s/oh9OtHmA3RNFvlg9k8kL7+Kkb6pz5iWTTD9ZEPFw5zbPLyhcm0DVQQVreThjU9Lf3ogf7IhoHu2ChF9FVEyyMXPLnT5vAdoYDGY0Bg7sgXNVvz4lc54ug7lgrlla/OhtR7YbSN2fQTkgOJPT+suO9yLSTYYy4aArUAfOjRhfOSTY12SDdzbmIznTzGYMHWZD5Dc2hDEP/nmdfE+AvayH9BJj/U01548zEe5Uw3SJ5/4pJ8ub5DNicOUg7Y6ZdzhxYNkfgG5rbYZF394DqxtOq0PvGR00GJDMvSLs7g72IuLg7Y3qF5eqB0Bv8RK21yxswMsXrLlmX4xA67LX3rlJf5iAdUkhxr2skdsyyP1DK2DpoMlOnFzQBMv8tjEBvY2Lw4uHlygQ5Z5Mh+w/MIDyOgQRS9aUF6Uv+zXsjd/6A6jc+2FQfTs15e/M+eMsYc8sWOTsR4k+OSfh5dPDoh/+qd/euMXf/EXlzf24uClSg9C9KHjm7fEXrZ4CHJIpTNbtO7NUblGJ37jWvZMGtf58MEPfvDGz/7szy4HaA9l3jKj86Ya4PXg45di/EvN/vVKL8TkivjLyezwBtXLoUc+8pHL1x7dmz8xBuaTPaBDITl4i+/al8bYqx/P3kE7f825nJL7/PnlX/7l5YFC/tArR7TpZKP5kjdk0dHcAnR8tZ7RWX904DPH/CPHOBvkazHWD9DPXCUTPxoI8iPEyxZQG3RfbJpz8fQ3Eh7i2MVPOq9hG26qg3ZJZYFwS9GR9JJJvwLjidmG5ftbkhKNP9CQuAqyBNJ/LiySLhrJF+xdbwH+kn8P5kK8P2AhiAPgKx899SsqPrLz8PHyl7982TRtUHRa0BatomsxKuQVdfwtWNfdz5i4D90XDwXIXIH1eNgczBjpqzikcxYJ9xY7ZDc6Rc3PbinMbcD8Ns9ausjHKxbQtf7krsFY0DV9ZNPHNz5VyF2TVTE8gnRu6aaLjGLnfit+7E8nLFcnsk0hNyY3yDUvNl02WyPWzFWg+cg2bfEkex7Ysyd0P+OtD38YDR3sKbb62GtTRSf+5jMdEJBbC/GC5NZOnloQP+i6OT0C4zPH2chW+cFfNcoh0b28gQ6ukB5rTh47VKO34TugiIFrGz+fe7vl2trE41Di8CHH+Uf/OXv55NBj/ftIPv1iYQ4hXXRA/fxjqzzCa+N339yBObf6XNMlN/Sxne/60kWOe/Kbb3x89ymVw6K35OqTwyk+tdshWq55e6tP7NQ1MU4f2/nmcOBA6Y/mOkynS8zIqY8P+vMFoAmBfuPR6MfLN625SLY4NOfG9OFhl/vG64d4IRAj842Ob67plRceyMTEQdsb7He9613LG0cPHL6m46WDA6z88I/U0CPnzLW3sg67PWyQT1c2AjaIpTganz6Kb+PNMT5fF2GLGuwfx/HVHHPMZnRa8bYe7rrrrhuPfvSjl7fuHhjMqX0HDZvJdO/rRx4cPKyae/KsfzZVt8SN/ewSkw7gbGInH8hDV8y1+vDsHbTJhPjlWAf/3/iN37jxvOc9b+lno9xGRyZ0zYZpR3OrpX8etOWMfvRskrN4zBd51h07XTc/4iQfqgeArjBactFqATldg3kNkq+fXGcEb+59zYscstl4Ddtw0x20JWVPyRZBB20H6r/+679eCtFjH/vY5ftiFoJ+C0WyWLASSiJJ/iOgq+TcwquG9Sp05J2DczQKsjiga6EprvosanF54xvfuBSW3hJZ8OIghuJjo60wVRxqJ+pDXxGF+vO14gOin3IAHnbiaZEnE6LnE/ruIcAT4jXPipPix4cKHWiTUJgULgXbNVnJCLJv2lnLBrLybfqfHVcBetGGgI78I5uedX/3cMY73V2HePhqjP9aG5Q44beBFaMjIAe9Fj3byOe7dUSmzSPbAF38qOhPe+dY4/rRmEd90ZMtd+mVl9Y9+nggumK0tiF90U6MdiLQ5u8RoJvzxG62yln8cs1DjX7XNlV6+SRu3ljb6P1qBN/w+qifXjJ8Bcoaxdv6DGzIDtvkNB/ngCwyYHNHL334xUmc+ZLvyS22M6Zdz3hB/oI2ZfdoYPf4rCOxcC1P+Wn+vUFUpz0MOIQ5XKlT/iEVtRyIqzfv4mTNO2Q5KIkxWeLKP3XAwZ2t9LPJ2nctbvRr2YQm20D+QHTG8VeL0IkXP8hgvziQTY5+/hRTY2x2bxxPdsF0ucbHfnR8JJtucRATb6vtceTxx1tfDyYeUPD4+qQHqv459t5oO2j7+yX55JDLxmplvkB2tHeQx064nu/mUdzF2Rt0+Wx/MS98NB9kkc92ee9hwEHOCxIy2OfevKklPVDr+/jHP77Io5c9xZRMMWE/28SiAyosxyFefezBi4/erYO2frRo3PNPjH0d5k/+5E9uPOMZz1jsodfcGCeTDVq5wkb7EH3kgeTiYydecQPWPns711Q3+JgMWOzRhtlMN1qIV58xPGws14AWGg/aK8iXO+bS31l4m482/dewDTfVQbuEmsllEUgsH4n5Pp7k9BfJipGks5AktGIlgS0E/DPJtqAEn0kJuwcS8/8PmDr3gF8tviAfLXwFTGHz1p8sb1fEQwwVDsVNEWizKG1m+sx40KMYwXQah8UOFLMZOwjED11xnEUEvY1Fn2KZXeaafMWjgmLOITl8UuS9xXdNBr/YKVfkQRu7e3LFAO+0b21vfmUrG/EC/WTQcQTJZXcI9JEF8w9MO9b2ADYVv64n8hGQiaYNgCwbXnKOILtAfpJdPOWdOJOZjXShg3TXj89YvmeXfjrMqevyiWx5Sy99HbTjBeRm4/QnubUh0KINp+2Q7Gj3gD38A3hc2zDlGlny0cOtdeXQ7G21A3K+iL8aRRfbxdDfT+DV5xCgH615ZI/4mMNiQa8N2/rQdwRkkUtGGy9dYo1XSx4oDgFadmvNOVtmH2gOxEE/2cboxMNGtvOTfnPbg0k81mq/CqI+uRYHNA7faIqht9ViKJ/RenDkB335SX728cc1Xexvfpv3+uovBtCc4u3gxk907CiexTG/85EtzaN9iH59eNGlA18oTuShI0O9EkMHNAdlMnwFw0f7csO9N/t97egf/uEflgOSrwnixycfPajgd5DyKS89Ypvf/ISA3GwDtSD64ky2fCSLrXxDr0XHJ3T62EN2B1Fz5KHRW3mx9RUN8+8TN+Po0OMnJ9n0gA7X8kFuiYW4ireYzTnBS44+dm0dtOPnk2s2gZe97GU3/vEf/3F5w+tBhZzWe34CPLA33sbYRybUh0erNuBT4+SIGLovb9mPll18roVB9+lNV/SQLv3RzjHXQCzQ0en78d5me1BjI97icA3bcNP96giUmCbfYnOvgDhEWuiegqGENSbpJC6wePRdBSRtgGdiCdri2oNJu4dXgXMyIFgXF9ACR2Mz8ruwFpQNi/3iKC4WlOJuQeG38KfsgCx85KNZ0xkr9mjCeT9pZzvpYX10VkDo46PCwGbX7FeM5QPkQ/xyogLM74oiH/FUSGA2rm2H+IujOIWgIkem8SNkP/3FEdQPgbG1/hDtGpIzgT/NTbr43sbaQS67tpC+aAA55IL8d98mmA/o8xEmD+hfI8DnGp1r8vA2X+7Nl+vkRr+2EyS3dgL6+MJ0Qv7A8mIL5ViyydIXH5AL0Jrzj2b5SN3H6w7c/aG2A7g3izZ5b2Vde+iV072tpEeOarNRHNxP37Xu95Ct0aCHzWH8bDfuWnzltPhrk6H2WkcOAOqqe60DlH6tMf0OG9AB2oHGVwwcVnxt4M4771y+7qAezX950SGLPDZ4WOa7g7RDta+BiKF4+ZRSjNhk/YsH++lnM+RDscs/stnpHh9+PMWnWOQ/HrJAMdOKB5rywXWxA9UEcvGwQT6g01eLZyJ+fFrjdMsDMlxbv+zlh7g6aJIlvuxA5+2yQ5sDIVno9TcnDvx8IIN/rqtddLJV3OjSl9/5lv1kswkvG9liDCYvm+kBbBR3vOSi9ebUr6aYT3PuzXcHdshetgM2kM0eMulE00GRXdGhmXYbo59ewE+xmb86wh6AVqzEwcPLW97yluXhBBoTO/sKLKfYwS+Yru5dQ/0Q0A/4QbcYAnLcs53c5oAfrvGjMYY3TD8f0OKJjyxxozPsvniKhWv1ySG7Bwr95uwa9uGm/AdrYEmoVbQtUAvVxmbTKpmB5AMlaYvpCKLBAycYy5autxBI8nld4gMLz1gLYd3X/ZYNa2iBQXa1qNNNrzcHPlb08WyLLN3GQTLiSzdEOxFMehhdfoZTDgymjfEHUy5M7iwW7tlvDA1w7TDSYUWeiI9rfvemXPFQqBWS5IIKF1vmvLjPF8B2xQ0ajx9Mu/MRHxuaH0AvNJ4s1/TQXRFEow8kb8rWJjd+bXpc81MsyLSxnAM84dQ5Y9Amom/2T95g9tWPHronq7Xqvs3DdXFY8631JqtYwGxvPPrZAjQQD730u26OyNHPRnzGXDtY2nCNiavDtI9efc+0f9XQ22pvsB2kHRzlphyd81v+kFPeAbryB+DL73InW9Chh0B/ddIYGvTxwnQ5zMgRyHd+9YlQcepgoV/NhQ553jxCXx3wfVYHZ4dqb6V9p9q9N63eTP/Tac198YsOhRffZVev/9M3/acb3+hQfbr+39TwU3y+6Ru/6VSz/pcb3/zNvlP8zTf+1//yX07jfpLu4l9eZC+fxJB9zQ3/3PNtzq1YaPlb/UBXPKIjMwTFKHnRJC9IVuNg8mrFzzjd+vAAdos5qPaEDp1qFf/wiJnDq7fY4u9AiE6/eRFjeSbHzB19eNnrjbE8ZMu0P5vJMQblDX/1gVrg2tjMX/LUU7b2iUvzAdCz0T0f5ZHr7/me71kePPnkUNvBlUzX8iNb9GlB9rOhQyrItmjRoIV81I9GDrHPQX/WQ2N4zBV7PQD63rs3vQ791ofcYxOZgFw+wXS4RkNWttCnz1h+oEcjjuWycXrQiwtb5YH5ZRcatPSXF/inLDk2W/rweHjoAZQcPOJMhwcJX0Py0M93gAa/9hq24ab7J9hNdocVCeb6zW9+8zLmTYcCI2HATDqAXh8Z5xBf14E+SAa8CuCvIFgMLbjs1y/5IcjGbG5BTju2oEVvYZKRToCXXsXPH8NAi7dNH6BHQ5/r6R/9sMWsBWgmbXqid7+2uxgmA0w7AV5QkU731MvHbEUz+4CipEAroGxG40HD5uOtGXr6fJTawVvhoWs9B4qQa2PpmnEG+CuSAdoQD365iQc/wKO/gkpmcSOT3nQnO3na7mcftC6yjxxj5IsPG8Sl2B0hvil3+pcf+rOv8cmzhSB6iJ69yesekj1jq9UXgmS6xzvnxz1Y86UbZBdaulyLlVZetD7dmw8HHPLR00GOteRNkD/28h1ab8ocIHxU7/BBZ3Pqmqz8pWPK18LsdE0Xm8oVeelgkz/5OXMGrQ0bfxt8wH4HMXIcHLqPjo8OGb6WZ534Y2MH6dAbaoc63/2FDtW1+tnGX/J86qi1eX/76SHkW//Pb73x3/6P/3bjv//3b1k29v/6v//XG//5lJPfdDpwq0sPvv3BN77htIb58IWTLf/yz/9yOshfHO7/6f/26y3/dOP/Oh3wzUtrqHzkh1Y8mh/34lj8XevDZ624j27Gkex5UBFHdNA10A/ch+mCroHDTfPlmkyAnl4xz678ci93yDFPHmaaQ29+gQcdtA6B5kus7YW9CabHvKLxr0F6Y8nnfOILmfkEXYNsB/mFJ16xck2eOKmlfFNjzLfx/OCDukMXu8QCONwZlzd86uFA3ua/e/qyp3t6IZixNhayQUz5VB9go35v0+2NgfHk8Ml+6UFR3OQW+8uTfAf1s4PP1mg+oCFXTFpjfECHnm3QNTq86Oh3sBY382luxY3t9jj0ZBsXd7rYha+4R8e2GUf6mnfz5lMiP6doPVqD5JJBFpnF7Rq+Em7Kr45IFgXXxiZB/HSdhLBg9RmfOHnnIjqCNd8ayWmR7GGJmaz68EtcCQ4sVmPoLIb6QAv3XJIna9qXrrACaJO0YL3Z8F04dHTbBC28yZ+Meb2Gxqed/CNzDys8eCc/v8VVi27SwCA5/O5arComyaSHz4q1P7By+Fb8yGejNyh9XF0xUVjwaBU8b4zEhsx0oAXk0AG3gC0B//g2+clE4x66R1d/Y4H+kK0T8YXu6QHlkrm1UfBL0Z5yt2DaAvMF37TZdTQwmjk+YX0P8KEF+ePe/BrLpyNAh2baNvtnfPTBxue1+KQr+mSKpVyQM659N9QG5fuw3l57O+ZttoNOB42ADMgn/eajvEu/63kANofZwCYHFN/FVfdsuNpysvnVtlGjl+/sdUhLHj19ncPhzCHaIcdBWdt3ff0xmrd5fs3J7yU7dDh0O0irwfQ7CEDXNmhv78VFDHw9xtc+POBqvSn7uq/7+sWOYnP33Rc/jcg+B2j2ixFEd/fdJ7znImbFcInjqa/YXMj58gG4OW0e9c12gr5pD77kJnvClowgvWtkh9rDN/etSbKMVUe07jscFQvxMS9iby7VEXR9l1lOWtNyQhzF2uFLDpKJhl6fMpgDfXQXM77nPzAGpw9rZFuHQKDGiiPb5B3dgNzmhV94gLysHsppe5KWXP0AL7n4z4F4oM9u8dMH8s29MfLEgA0O2nyIB5DhWp/c90mAX3URR7Igu4uT69Y7uex3XwzIMeaef3jci4d6g9+ahcaN0U8WHnTyw7U+841Pn2t7O53NJz/pKDfQkumez7C5Ipt9HiT8Uo16hicZ2Q+vYRtuut/RBhJG4ivi/uLahuD7RDY6Bd4GBSRGC6sk0eI/F5ZzNORI3iPAX+IDSW2R4JXwLUKLpUVioeHTp60YVQD2wOIM8neNFg/0M38+BfC2zb/ORo/CaLEqgtEXuxlDtGITutdfcWGnPngE7ADFJzl0FaPkT9QHXAd4oMJBFl5zo0D31oJ/Nns2Oljw0+Zl4/KLBuJnHNoQoXiYIxuXQwMd6Mxdc5q9/Ha9thfmBxr24GeTvnjI0w+aa/3Afbkz47tGMK/ljmu5xAabsLUh9jbi8m8P2EYvGfjZONt0NW9aqI9/4aSF63uInz3oXQOxnuuhuOxBdrAv3Xjrxy+GcOqOJhmADP3ZIm69gevNkUOlvwfxgG9zElMP+mzF77uygIz0Q9f4yecjenkh1kAc6GtDRC8f8cpFCPDxxaFYLst5NOIrl7T06GMLm+hxINNnDTjcOHDT6dBNHz7jeCGe1oXcsa7EwDWb2Ud28tnFHjIcYIyzmSw893zx4ussX/oSPRcHS/do/uVf/DFef+xW/ZQv1v2FL75y8qAH3XbjC6cDOJ/LUT6L5/RbC8q52onrPvZAsc23Ob4n4wjy3cMIX8Vo7h/lpbFyQushn2zXPSyJsbxzMCLD7037KTx5+La3vW3ZDz3wqVnmFo255ovvGvt7AXNIrphVj/KBrWjdu56ov+v8Fn/7r5/1swc7zIu9nAE9DPpE0YOcr2B4eMMjT8iST/znJx3mXyysA2Pm4BzQyRe0ZJKnj535R7Z7sskl/+d//ueXeBpDzwZovtj327/928vLKb/9LZ5kk6U2aZNnj6Hb3IkvWr6jIZcN5OFDx9b2JHTo6WU3fjzWo7mz9sSPLuNsN46PD+iN9WCdn+Th7TCdXsBOb/KNofcVN5/CeQHnnt3o6XF/DftwU/6DNdDm4g3lS1/60uVJ01sUi6WiIqlaONqwZJNER3BuHEj4I8hW+oAFhYcNkt3iBBLeGLr7etDGi55sUDuBT77D7tdZ/vzP/3xZoA7bDgiNFyPYdS2gA13o3ji/IDvR6j+C/GP3tB3/xLW+qRdEh5ccxYw98iAdiptWYVd0FCP05Mgj/9iNQ4ZNrAOCAuggZVPDq8hlTzbTVWHXjx64htlaH53s0hdPY9GiYX869OUPlAv0GltD8gCeDk3ioO2g7aClmBo/Av62IdOX3tppL3QN2YEmRKcvXN9DflkP4kkWcN/c8f3ceks/+dkIso8/rcH8yJZ40dFprBxC68DjsKrfJheWJ/KqWIkx2+UbSC7sOn3ds0nLFjrEAZJlsyTbvc1Ynma3PjKMQ3L08YHdfLCRTlnpA2Twkf1PfepTl9oJo5Mr/JD/ZIkBfYCd/JRH6hYedtHbZi9GgG5gPX3VSffJ80vfybr4pOhf/9VH7acD+EnG13/D159s+8oH8dtvN49i9aAbnz/xVBvp5SNES7f+oHjVhmTTDZqLeLtGM/nWMsJzUG0XJ7EUm+7Nh3lwcHJPvzk038b4aV6AA5FfvxB7n56o5/ZAOYrHyydvuqE+uqx9/nnB4qtN5WoxEwP3AB1kW9eheMxr88mPV7ziFTce85jHLAdSe4pWjfGgxSc2OGT7u4UO+z4hcdDjGzl8ZgvZ7BOvHiyuAuW++SLDPZn8yD/3rsm2LuwFv/RLv7Q8KDfvxqC17Q37r/7qry79d9xxx7JfuAbVCfLNhRx3zXb+8lvcs8e8kqt1zx42GsfLFvL04ZcPWnrYZi22xumxxvCR00GabFDNZ5cYsrm1SB479KHT/tiP/diSS+JQXgIt3ddwDDfVQdsiUmy8NZJEkv5nfuZnbrzoRS9afoPWuASSrBWEFo+2Pon9HxEWeo6ALrrpA23y+tlqEQDJbgwd+9mmT2sxtZlcBdZ+zXuL0MKl17/g5e0H2T46c1jwxsRTPPuK3WwDsYdka43zK2TrpN8Cvk4kCw/eUPFIR/rQdo2+QuE6Wa4rVHxV8PAoVNAY2fjEW07ZBPoI3Ufi5VC2OGjgUfThLHbQfNpY9E3MVsiuEOjLH6C/WNMPjeszTyF9M/eSVwuaZzrEgQ5xUGTNsYdUco6A323I7MieWv3ZnN2QzuyHMwZwfQ+bK3FMBvvYi54/8AjSjz69gB/lpfixlR4YHT7jxqwTGL+WLVq1x4Opf3lWHsQLybKxLt8jPuWUOIPGw/rw2ijx8T2dbGgtFVt2uzcfvvMt19zjo4s8Mcx+eU0Wehun2KGD+vHqM+ZTQIcK399FTxcwx60PmzUd3pqKhUOBfuNsKB8c2CGfQLLQAPefd5g+zW/+AWFx7e31F7948cdd99xjfci1L693B+3bbruYp3/5fy++AuaaPn5r0dWPD7DNdW2IXh6gheUAJGfyhut7GO0R0KP+yGk88se1hxcyxcZXctjUmnVtrXo7bdwh2ye5fq3FPHh77aDocO3Ntn/ARl334qmDtlj0aYyDtkNutVXM5joAfOG/OXU9sbhANpL93ve+d6mP3mg7lPpVGbL4ioYcuryBZ9+zn/3s5d+88Pbb12H45UCOpvUuD+WM/CLHtfEjkM98yW62mU98+affNblisHXQFlfj5kecf+u3fmuJp7e9fWWMDramTxzdA3LpITt/2ECu9V6+iY2abB0ZFwf6AR5yzDt6dPjxuFdjIDkeVsQr3/QVC7LNjf2dbPceHsQTn368YqCu8Y1uiD57ruEYbtqDNviLv/iLG+973/tuvOQlL1meoi0CCSlZJB3QbuE5OEcjrBbXEUj4FiWwkLKNL20+Fo8xdBY42fq0FtdcgHtAF7l4ttCYwuGjYr+K4GDpn+715sHPZllk+uhCC5NZG4IWY7LzrcUZ3R6IHX/D5OAtbm0GID9CgD6drslRaFyLHwTiTF/FujlAzwe/OatP/ij8CpE/zPH1JDExB3LOwcmG4CChSCU/H3pjQEexqQXFLJtdywO8+cyuyRev8fyUI3iA+y1soyJH0SWng7aNy+bdxrAHdJrX7CleE43RN3NEn3kIowvX95C94myeyEDTxuSaD/L3CNLffJDrXtzENtRHT/qKf3T06Hc4MT9scxC16VkrPvpmD9/QafOjPjIddLJrQvdayI65KYs5G+iVc1pxYI+5l3f0u2/jR0NWNtAP0DX/5QP50DU6fpPp14i07sWDDT2Yksk+trrWig2deOiHZPKfPlBcJv7ryYfbHnRxGACLTXw46fOmmuy7v3iRa1882beey8W+0/U/nw7argFb5lzyz1hxIIuM2rBYNf+wOKKF5XY8axkQzRHg79MPB+v2KW+sxZ0N4q3mkKXeqH9iam/zNwD6HJzps37VKIfr17/+9cv3rh285Id/Dt1hXP7p45NcweegjUf9cl/cxGHtS/M7sVhAMWYfm/2yzJ/92Z8tfzSIxr4sN12j4Qs/vTX1j788+clPXn6dxhjf2Ug3+8mWd3jFWr0VL9dHIA/ZzJfsS27znI98Vq+tK+eH+dURdOX4G97whuXBwR83i781gA6/NWtNodeiN0au6yWPT2P5QZcHVrT62CdGZIqP/GgNpZ8OD8L6+GevQkc/OXzhK7vjyU9zLl/IoE8fXeg99PBJLvjEyrh+vGQUTzmKj346rmEbbrp/sMaEQ0n6a7/2a8uh8fGPf/yS3CWxhMltbRjglVhHcG4cSOxzQI7kBfS20SsIbAUS2hi6+3rQRgPyVYxmCxRXB0dFhR3vf//7l7cQaBQzdOwCbGR7CzBkh77mAY978qDxqXMPouNzhSGdyXEN0r2+xoMXrT7yzIlrm7iiZQyg622CoqZ1Dzzx2+TIo5sMDyS+ayheeH16ApKLHjZ39Jw7aJNDLxnQvRzIB31sd5+fEExZZLhuXJzg5OEH2ejIxbc+aOf/HiQr+2fbNVvpmPqNiWGY3eH6HoqjXLeBADTWgk0iH9h9DuhHnw735WZ5pV9syG9jYn/zWLzwerDqY3h5Im5a+dA8TB/JSQ/bgf4tQGdNksOO5CUD4mWfay1d7HMAN2Y+oxE744B+PHwAxsl3X866x08nmWqAuHjQhPpt6pBN4iVn6CMnO/GS55pMMozN2GSH+9tPh2xr56u/2tegLtYAe/28H7r/R17y6cTH7nuWP4T88oECkv/FU3966OU/euNs0hYPNOyuDd3DKVc/PkheeTF5ug7x5eMesFHu+JqaB3p1iM0O2+ZTjom7+uJTi2qSTy+8cUWP1uGZTQ7t8sfXAV/72tcufb5G4oDl6yHzoG1vBG9605uWN9qz3sPmCfADduidmJ9QHpnzt771rTde+MIX3vjBH/zBJV7vec97Fj/Uzt66so39/pjWQ4D66oDnICin5nyhtdazzxpEk31bkD35Qifbmrc5n8a05FqjL37xi5dYkYFei8cD0e/93u8tPvgXId2zE7BHnOUuuebRGsZvLtVatrjHw3b0ZFlzQEs/muYye9kej68FyQkx8YkGW9Gh4bPrbOaXFq85l2evfOUrl5+CRG+MHH+b9aQnPWl5cYB/Ahn4xSl7+JLv1/CVcNP96ogksMlJFh8/WQA98QLJIDHQBpJmouSRREeA/xySc4R0sAWC+vCygy9gXRDqA+7jOwL0a5qpGxhXEKAFqvD5hMDbCIVD4bGgJs8a/j/27i52v+0q6P2vu3u3vCivgnDw4uREA4qEYKCttGVb29IXQKpAMfECL4wXjTdemHjhlYlXGtRgYrhQE0mgYIBakULfKdAWaYOGxhOPwrk48WAOhdKWvuy2e/c8n/Xb370HK89a69n9/9v8/93P+GVkrjXnmONtzjnmWPNZz/PDA07e7KmernhA9m1hSXC+rK8gmz/QnZMRLRDo0PBnwdR19PRQ51odm21c5g8fsFlAEvD10y6x6PTapuAfjgiQ+pMloAqSsM1dXzwnpHvgni5zvLORfmwHeK19gUY9+ukv7ecQkAW65yv+YDdd6X4EZJINyQXJh+mlLgTqQjQT1veALfTNH/rRlc7qtJszR0C+/smYfnJdO97sb56C9Lf5qXeS5Of6fLFMaT7Y+JwkijONjz544JfPyYpmIvpKemUv+lmvDq8ScLZrd23NSoJc85M+6PmqMU0eQIdGmY75mu4SOvPBawv0cG/TlwjxAT7iK9vVa/dQ2RrGx1pA41o7eXjRjww8lPT0jnX20IPe6OLF/0ZPgu3VkXS9nUvwdg498Mwnx1MbuqX+JHfKB+pnOQEdJD9+5OWneAVbPPTdQnp4DYGf/FyiU2BjQQ4Qk5xaezXHaaNrnzKKR5Bu/KKPseK7EtnXvva1y+sbrs0NIG4ZK/OEbnwMJLpOv40fvdgSguxQmi/ThjXSxat273rXu5aTVu9f+76Ld68l2uIqGvNBzKGDfuaJtaQNqmNjdNlMJ/5SNo5bgAef3M6RJx/KGrd48Lc6bXzgXnznqwn6e6h5/etfv7R5bUTekd/YAs2P+LrG27o3VurpxCb1bLXP9nAvCaaX8XRabk2ox59/JNi+N+E/XUuwzQvjKt9By0etw4n8qA1fsv1k3yte8YoFv/M7v3N50PLb5T6ho6sHCLbQlZ6QDnSjTz61Dq5wHu6rRNugGuQJcxJDk1XA/+Ef/uElGTJpTGoTGEQL8DI5WnAmD6g0ebawSdV9esQ/XWefNQbopl1NXHrQDYL6NMnRdR9MG+IL80866lv/ZFmEgqeFBSxYgdl7foK2dj6VaOLBz9XpL0AoLeT0CNxXRwaZ2dZGpV093vFIz4nRuAbxUE4+0H31XXcP+CR9gHp8BRZziRxlvIA6wHbBCqJX0lu7IOxjPxuK+addsCz44iXIFWRLcuimrqDGru6zHQ1wT1bjqi0/o9FH6V57/sKX7njrow3SrVMquqpzPQE//QRg12QnM8R/ljA9YBANOcA1BOnrPjnKxik+fAZsdvkM1I4+5GMbMz7GCX31ycOPHwAe6vgEulYnyXHi0xeszX9tdOQbm1vjiZdrQG42JA/gWV316a+v+2xQD/PLLLWDWRc93fChn7HXXh0/NMfVo6k/UK9dLGhOJUtJR3bGa0LymzPa3QN9XU99lZp94dFrIY+dEHgVBJAR3J5k882T89L72ZLtR0+26U8GzLfTx8mH7FOHB1tKhG553voBqKsvIJdNePKDe/7FEx/17HYCrTQ3oHnoFLHfIPeKnr7q9fEQ45UQD3Bep/DbxXhIkPBB05iRTyY0pmK19+l/5Vd+ZUlqfbcEXXNSf0m6fuY1G+2PeKLVJuboM+1VooHk5Df98cZXnXa02tjEf/rjLR62ltiq1N78gZLIAF/ry3rFA5IRz/xAjvo9oDP6IH6we/KND1vEcHw9eDhR5q9o2eChxKcPxoXOdOU3+6D2fIWncupNhgcK/iixNucc6LDHOLOZb8klX7zxUP/CF75wKZ02+8Rem72Hn8inc0jm9Ev36YLew7JPUpTmXafn5ILo6BKvNZ9L/P90hvsq0TZBDeoEdU1+YJL6l72e4B9++OFlkQgiFo6+FgN6k8LkUNeEiddaxjloYtWnING1Es0RJBuC+AF16VhdsKarP5g2dS3IzD4TtKu38C0m1xa54KHNSYhTbYHHIhQEBAbBBJ17fQp4An6QvPSB+gK0YT5HD+NRkMqnE9zjV//JY45BbXAtL/5AHX58ZZ5Uqhd09NOuD3QN0LFdcBKsJKkCqT7JBT4OFUgFVqA9f9MBPwFTHZ42InwnpG8l1D9fJEuZnfkjndWl2+TBVmOqng3ogTZQX/rFm57VK2G05yBdJ088QP7Vlo34qnev1Fa9axs04PspP0iOUhu7k6kvm92LD+aya3XaxA3+IJc/fCQrsS7JLvHByyY5Ewfjhg+sjt/SO/vIg9U1FuoA3u4hiB7iFZ12/EBjUxvQhoYOJUR0U+eera4bAxhPOrDHdX3pmW0wvckFrgFaPMnle4Bf/aJTdn26WK6X9tPtM9jCb5pOmA+9LoKGDD/pt/zayOn6sVOb10pOXJ7wQ/xgoL524600B6Ir2Zm+VE//MD+YJ0o2il368Jn25pYTT58KOMiAvSaABq1EScyVPDmh9JvFTih7dY2ODjfoQB986SgJcs9Gn6Y4NfYutETew7528xetPsbCK04l5tobf31KwsmhWza7nnbrRy8n03iLa401e/BwLRayWxs5kjm+YjuZ6slwb39Bo2Srdv3RkAnZOscDL3Kq2wJ6b0F9jRu7yLUfiivGwxiQ3Tyx3v3sK/9qM3b0KMnORyF+QF/X/JPP+ZD+eJoT+rtXb9x8iuGBS9yRXDu5Nn7mCl2DOU+V4RZoI0e/QN3kAxrHNS/3E6+wDfdVor01oE0Mi9Fk9QUFm6KPVFpcEhhgMcRn8jPhQ/ziuYcT6htop88RrPmcAzSTf9f1Va6vJwKL/Qh65caJtcXFBwVnSaKTF4HHomOb9hZgurUoBcAQ5FOY7tB9/UNQAJk8wJrPvAfqZp/028Josweqn4DHtBmQw6fmlzklcPKdoGujEghtFgIlf2rzW7aCawmeEjZH2czfeOMHC9J0Itt9JyDqQW3ZNOm7Z6NSXfPSffNCHT3wRkPn+kAQzxDoo34L8m98wlmXDvHUln3JUkfH+pCpjv/c24wD98G81t/mhbdNvU2zREgJ1IsjNjx1kmtJD3SyaHxtrNEbS7QQX2gdkE1HMH2mrvo5p9Rlm7psVG6h9ny1hdG5xjc/5ndzm87pVL94h4DN+k9+8YfawNRxQusl+nN46nX6O4b0JCO7TjdP6P6MB55MJNCoB+5bz4G1BkqyQCeEbK9/vKH67l3jyz/G3r35YD2x2QO273Q4sJDA6WPOmksOg5T2LAmVJNuDnNiBv08Ses1CciVGmK/kGTfJnhNx/HvtJHr6W8s+ndRXHKKbZJd9oCQZiPHe6eaf7KS/PrA6IL6xkR/pqA+gV/qlf0n9/OUl+in5Fk809KCv9YevPvhGEz3egE7q0KrfA/3R7CG+6MxRvD1MS24doNAXovEQ4JNee2axnp0SZf2AMt/lM0COBy06GxfzAF/zgj/NH3XGwRervZbiV9Mk3O3NU+cr3Ptw3yXaoIUK5oQzmSWEP/VTP7W8b+QJ0HtOgl+Bo34tVDD5AQtA++S9RlCf2RdEM2VsQby2QPuUM2Ulp+vKNYIW+rl2CAQXwVcybcFb+IKwoCwACuYAvUAKAd7q5uaVr6E2vtBWO5iys6s6Y1b/2YZPSEbX9UOrvmCHT23nMP54pF/8gLZzdZCMENjUbBZKcvlOIBUwoY9OBVB8bJA2Xz6W2CVfwBWcBVObovEosJJZ4J76pt8E9OmsX+NRP3yyY9YZd31syiAaEM8QNPYToldqT3ZYXfX5b/JUpy1ZrulYfzKVbdb8qgSVYF6jbwPFs6QI4GNMSozIMnbeLRVHJNm+cGbD1ReP+OkLq4PmAXANsgNEA+bYqaNvfs5G5RZqz1dbOOlc462e7krrtkSrdqU2/SCgK59pxwu4jh9Eo284QXs+2gO/LAInnzWeWD0h0/0z6cGXS5v6k99OdWzLnsC9eli9eU83bdaj8ayv+RCgV8dO7fwhDhrvfMOvki6fAFrfrr3Oga8H8RJrcVVyLal2airJNt/U4yOZEyM8nPOZJMvrJGRLpJ0+e0XE6yFOsf1KhwTOnKaLOF6CbX2IS9BYkyG+AG3q+G0m2oDc/Awq+QHf5g1/kZtfW1fo2Z0v2aCv+mKQeoBGHV8WE2f7lN24qWtMjoAt9T2H0ZgHzW/j5VUxfkRDDvQgwFedaPOFsTZm8WILXM957ezjf3NH3PEKiZJ/zA+n1s9//vOX2OPhXjJv7NgLZ9y4wr0P9+WXIU3cFmCTGpionjL9y/W/+lf/6hJoLAiTWdBDaxG3iNw3ceOjbDG53sL6weAc3RFcQnMkZ8K6rfajIMNeT+U2CUHaxiOIqBeUBWN1ntjR8Cn/FkgKsnilb8FFXRuTMlvwnjD1QQfwmPSTjzaleqgfUJ+9bJl81xgtPqH6CdqzJ10AuuRCbTYeG6vNEQimgqQNld5KyTMfCspobVJAXa+WmKf83icIzXlAxzZTpXuQLWD6ZOquDj1ZQbTG0hrSR8AH+iQ3e0P3yQuir8+8P4dg6gzczzUO3dNbW/TqShAuSbTZLEHhN/aZw3iIETZJiLdN0zg5yXK66EtHJdh4dNpNtrHThy8al5DsdM0OMG3QZ9brk5/zr3IL6Q+PIJn65EfjDdznX3Ot9ZUOoXt2JZeu6tC6hq5nn6B2EK8tfObS94/KXuOJ48kG/OCtTfo6xU6W64Xf4zol3/1cN8BY8ok6Ywr15QuQbvFT3zibT+qbG9YwtL7NE0kV3k4kvc7oS4GuxQHzUNLde77GRIx1YGTP0k8M0Y4WT+8F2+P890QJthNs8sjBAz+n4eK5e/qxvbmCDj981Ys19HRdoq1PfmNbZfZDull39gkn1fg6XNCXH9CQF42HBA8C1hJ5/BVPfhQLrTsHOkr251uyQONPV5hero8Aj/qfQ+3GPV70k9zyB9+zjZ7GHp1PJzxAGUdtbALxYnv7YzyT1cOZeMs3xlUy7318X0SUYPsSprFEpz99yAV0wOcK9wfcd4m2CWfiAgvMZFNnYju9/rVf+7UlgJikJmYLVXByLfCYrPVrAYAWQXz3IB2C6OMRHsERzTkdK8NzNkyccK4dsplvBHnBpODLV+61CSYCpQBooQs+/MD3fIuPa/oogWu8C875Fp6DaJVr22sjW6mta20QpAMZ9NqDaPEI17qdC5boyC7wqtNuztlwCtjRQImzDclGI4EWxOtLhs1egl7yzR78BOPmMj7qu85+dtAR4pc/0is71aEnrzYlJJMs7Tbq+sDsjm+80ShBtGtcw7oeD4AnyBY0yXJfWZuSz5TmZjB5z2s282Mbo/tOofAwHsbHCaNTJCdZXhtpLRibkmt80gXwGcwG12RP22pTV/3so06f/Dz9u4X5YQ/QJdN1urEfmEOVzdXmGdopr/WkLx761D/dw0B9gGfzdgtPGi+0k9caQf5CT890VQcf+/STn3iB9Jh25QM+pJe5UR/Xxn7NA61+zQMxEYqd9qCSXn0lT+KkJNOccmpdIkv/fG1u6Vd8xVeCqj896Oo959e97nXLCbbTa3uaeWm/k5g6DZdAk2t+S+bojVfzFrJBAod/dkuM6SPRxguPfDpxjhM+fvvag6iE08MDfmII+6wtfNjkofU//+f/vLwCIUGNP3py6cgvfnnF3u0BwidI2tN5jv0cS7rgcQRo4nEO08M1vuIC5B/xsDHTTifjwRbtfE0nPm1u0D370jfe+pgjHvyV9gbJtYcwybZf/MguffF0zWf6Kq9w/8B9l2g38Uy0FojJLOCY9J70/ci6AGWBWyAmvQAo+AhaFhMeMH7xsghq20MylaC+k4fyEjiiI2MuVBD/ytnmfo0Azbm2EAiQUNDgP8GQr/hPkJFss9tPNvE3GnzpIUkRDApU6tNLu/EKp8wtuskDaqtdAIpm3msH9dHehrCHQF+0yZmQ/5O/RvXJ4oc2OQGRPwRrm7C5p95Jk1NuSZ35qU5/2AZl7rbx6svv+pMhMGc7dE3H5qT77HCtbm1DdOoD42xc6e1hwHiig2DyDWsLok9efZRh0D29ATowbUkO3dDSKb2U5it6Po+3tmBes5uvlexsk7M52tgk2F4RkWDb9JvvEh+0rvVdb3TZQZbxltSYB+7zb3YAddXjM+v1wUudUl38z+Hss4Xa6Q7d461ffjSnAF3C5MPANdv10RePST/1CNRNRDvX2Tm8OSXIDqrjdQ5P3J7g6d6vjeDt+lS5fCHSr448wXPo4j5a49W1OSQpbnzdozVXzL8ehK1n8yGUbFqn5iI6faxxia8EW8LoVyLMJzT2Iq8K8J/5qI93fa0588ZDeHHBQ7cv3fmfBtDrIuIDoGtxpId39qUHfelujrOTPMD/Em380bCVHH3xpy8f5Ldb/97Oh+k7dngQ9esb1o371pfEu7liLUmy7csOwvAnzxxCi46v+dF/g/RfiZ3quvcQ0dxNNmjeu2cPXkegD723EL/2L8jPxheQwVf0RuPBhK/shfZJY0s/44cOpjfEG8/8aIzwppMHa0H1mQAA//RJREFUG/Z+x3d8xxKD8APGDR8l+XjbH/DAT1/XV7j34b5MtKEF1iQzEU1aibaJ77ezTWRoE7UoBAATuAnfRIVzEcxJrNxC7RPmIuoa3RGg3YN0DCb/ynSd7RODc20hkFAI8O4FagtbEHQtuEisvY/mREVQRWscCgA2IbQFWIgXHQUKiF5d7SFApx3OehAfbfGJb32yYwKaKWeNQbyVMB0BGezLhtne+JS0aGM/evy0FXjVo9OXz2wifBraOM1XtOYsWnNYwOd/PPnXXNfWvNiye61n+uUraBOojQxriW7G2bV6CNDHN97VRwfxC9HxWfKin0gHgBbo1+aULHYDdudr+kok0LbBA23BvCYLTSdV/OkUzushNninjX3hiMzGQQn0hdmT7+KrD93o1WapHWQHyDegfkAdffFTp4z/FmbfubYQzVpXQFfAnmQHrtXVD2Y7YCMa9+Y1vqASaF9jEM9zCLBJ/3M4eXrNhL8WX2o7/T326GM3nzjpmB8B3rf0T46Xa/MdsEO9uSERllT5WL9/IKPOw6/1h8bcsD6tY8mkpNMDm0TSO9dOet1LwpxYWk9irAdnvPnOurfm6SYpp4u57tURCbYvUL/73e9eElWy+6k5yTXswcB40Kd1ouwBgc3FJCW5+pIlZvMBe9CxlQz6zLGHIJ/HU0LtfWLfP2EjmfRwKOCaDPY6pfXPz5zqk2F96I8POeaihJOdftfZgZm1COhIvrGB+rhXsoVdzcc90IetW6jdGNGl+UFPvuJz7eaBk2wPRn7Zhf3aPfAUjyAe6NMTkIEnjNbYe0iRaJs/aIB+xkTJRnrQKVBPhrYr3Ptw3yXaFiUw6ZqUBTDBycmC/3plcZrQ6AU1T/BAYLQwW+AmLEDb4lIH0Wxh/UALNcRDOWm2AN0eJGvyD5PDDnRgTQODc20hsPgFNxuJp3VgE9FORsmDjy091HQCI8mx4AUGgd19oC89tfPvHLdsS/fGAKqrXhmf2l2v79GseVa3hcHklX5BD2lsQAfI4BM+g+agwGne2WhKUs01PrTZ8pX5Z8OUPAuU+HpgMT8Fc0kdvvqpV6rDmxz98dcXTF/kI3K7XvtEXX0APs0f/I0fPX0ETZZ6COIZ5qfak1EJk4c2+llCOkQL8m11sGRXfW36qUfvRKxNR1swr9knTvC/awmCUzbvzfp2P/+j51/IfrKdFEoctBlf8htz1+wzjsaqOaJETzeQHUBd9XMs1OnDJ+qU6vLTOQzOtYV40hMvfMkEzSEJj3FPfnrrgwa6L0lzHT1e6pITxCdc1+m7hSetF34nqzbxlsctqvFFyMWuU79+9u+Rk475ESQ7H9C7cWOj8TTuDmt810fpVQq/5mFvKUFubcfH/LHneFjzaYiTbEmTNUQGnpJ0ILHu9FObGIrWg62YS5Z/ke6/KfoPiuRLxjwMev2C/HRvPNhg/osz5qn1C1onxWilPmST57pEG1/1Jdps5JPmDew6P0LyPIyQL/4D+lkf+ONh/VhzklEJKn3xAmRCuvGTNWhv6cGE3sVE/PAmlx6A/cavMdkDfdi6hXTlD7rThy4emoypfZGN/OMByHwwNmz2gOQhgQ/lH/onL6QbGWxV8pt6Y9anHmxVZ22xlTxIF/3xhfQEaPC6wr0P982/YKemjc/EE7QEHwvWxNXmx/kFpte85jULDVqLz8RtkQKTuInaxJ+ozmTWr0kcnbI692uoLcBjD+h9RJNewVrGGrbayblkqC1qwHczyKYH/gKn//YFJYP8LRjyMeR79+icuLQ5tQngSxdBEz/8jYmyDUR/NNqTmw7dt0ngM7F2PAVCc4WO7ulmfAVn9WiTnV76xlc7evX00k+99vTWD92EeMDu2V6g1BfgxWb904mOEvFOTwR3pSRRP3R0Mf8FZ8Hahg35m6+b/2SRTQ5Q11hkF37AOPEpfk7o+oh6DdMmfPGAdIPdVzfvZ50S0If9eLk2ZvQ2ZuyhX3Mo39G90yO+kLzYyG3obG8eocevk0TtTholR342y4mjccEbLzbzAV30xyff4WWs+VwbPdb2NYfQ8M+kWZdszpeBeqB++hdfCPIVFM/oPeVop1/6q6d7mAz9tYd8at2hSTZe6PEA6NRNeUCdvnwsweRTdcp0NI7oycGfn8kydsA1v3nQB/p++pQ0P+of0zz62M1HPno7LhJT44QWX/QPPfjQzVd99ZNf2jYHJEPmeZ8YoSfbXLCHNE/4VbLoVFZpLqjnv+ampAtfXzyUBP6dv/N3lsQaPRnmamPERuiaDOjeXGZrc4dfJGZORv16CJvIIJN/2I8vvzUO6ummji8CbUB/46AvWj7VV6xAo41sJ8seCMiyPrR7L9r/oOArJ/J4BHitS/aRRx9JcnGkcSePjo1rY8Yf6rMn2/jFOufPdGreBej1bR4G5h0e6mpXutcHaofN28qu0bLBNf3NFTrlKzyNBxs8hDl95y9zybh6QIF0Z4f+xhg/fKF7vsIHrViktI+SlZ7KNaifcI7mCvcm3Dcn2iZVC8eEtciBSewUwPtrFrCThQJeC6kJ2SRuUbmvDGoPJs36+k4BjwLCFk55WzKP2sG0aQvYnr+gPtB1uigFQvX9ZywBsXf+8rtSsIKCeUGrsUOTbclJNhlo0gOijT5oww7BLPEgm0x+xl8fsshQj6d6kA5wyqt9ygHqq4t24gS06dA9ONdHSTd+lfQKwk6gJL8eXthlw5QwlIAK3pJxJ3GSDf3wyc58wEYbn7HAZ+qFp40ALR7opm5h4Jrda1jbNqG2QDs5oHE3RujMHbqgoXf6Bvqpb175tQI+kwjRn2+coEmu8XYq5Wc/n/Oc5yyviaCjf/MTbyVE39qcNk6b0a8RZPe5tjVs0biODxvDaNQD9+on0C/9XfMbnHTxjg//aY9O/TnbQTKV6YPONd8198wl/IyD5IOf1RtXY2b8tOtr7kHX4ojERZz5gi98/L/RfvmXLWNLJ/eSaPL0X+bpA7d+ksxJfMiSkJOFr3ngJPI973nP8p6w0hfvJM7aJGrWEP6SavEM4uELfC9/+cuXX7J65StfefOyl71seeeazyRa7KUzO3tQowvZkmvzzNxDZy5KrL1GQQ+vhfzqr/7q8qqEB8X80dqXkJWAVe86u/lAfUguMPZAOz3pB/iFP7zu0EMJPekutjhN9klPckBl0D0d2Md3HvLZjZe+dFOiIcd4OfX1qoU+JaDNUyXf8YE9RawT39TDID/A9MCHTdMX2ta02oOulV2j4ytzmF/oww7jV+wlSx2bxGX2st+co2d7Ixo28rdroJ0MYB54oDG/2Gx8sgc0DyZkU3iF+wfuq1dHTDwT1KQ0md1bEE5WBSpfJPAxjzYTVWkRrSele32h6xYb+nUf5RrvFpDfZriFoECwBZfodMQDCDCTF18AetATaudbQbSnehsC36PrtAJdpUCDlw2jIOw+Wa4br+w+NwZdg9qjnzTaIH5kkUv35Gijm/pk1Q/Eq8A4ZYB4A/Xo6rsHdEAXAjzjr858VtLNJivhsInZ9J2+Ol3pXU6bCz0EfX51b3MqaTIWgj2gI/n4aid3bgBAf3NAuw2Dr/LFEU7ovjLfwXPXU0f37NdGDyWdlNNnrptH7GI/4C/3/GBzZxPfSa5f9KIXLafYTpBscoC/Yb5ofuAB0wkGZE5MLxAtPs3pLRr1l0C84jd5uZ73/BSmO//y4bp96mk+4eMaaIsuGfwRDX8p3UdLHj7GAKBRH73+Yrd4YX4Z3/oA7fo6oZbkSHyVkhVyjKU2CZ029PpK3DyI6ksXc1wS5BU3/ylRnHIY46N+D6P6FxMkmNaP/vMLsV7T6BpKTOmNP1voza94uQbazEM2qjOvJPHkS+ol9z559bN8/rHMchJ/0kNijz+fsAfiAV3Tkx/RqiOfL/hVGz9qI981GvTooDb1/Mifrs1/cQUPSaIHASf6fKkNr2zaAvHJOqM7HnxunMxRviIbkCnJ9mqMxFJiyq78hh4tuZJsp+kegPhFfXMMsiud1AfFkOgm1qe1M/vNa3QQL3KVfMe+XgMyX9Sba9A48Bu9tUvK9dGfv2einS7sNi/YJxbpwx+APvSE+ecK9z/cV4m2CSt5KJBBi9bHbuAlL3nJEwnCuUUFWnSV0TS5oXoIup4I1nzPQbRboJ0ee3DOhjUcyQFHPLQLIPllgrqCfYHP5uSUygmFICHozOCEHl1BxrX+M9HOdtfxnT5xvUY0gfFHW1swxxJ9dK7VAfqpr5+2eKtDX79sB5MvQAO734N8ck5W/PlBHZ78GLb5drptU7I5+uKQ0zXJpKDuo2jB39jYBJU2fGsCT/63QZKjjiz8gWRMPVlOb9JlD+mtXEN1k2YL6Q3o4R7QNX+xR3Iw/aakn7FAxy6bez5gO3/5aFZy7SfDbPJs1lfJ3jZV6B6/qVugT+OOdsYYEH220iOaYE2j/QiSixYmL9A29QDJqS9dlMnmW6V2PNnDV92D6CYfY6C9eaJ+8gtK6tA1ptrNO3zMR8D36VbiSA916PGpr3jj3liL8eKNOveQDpIgSa2kx4HMm970pmUuSMrpor+Eyfv4vnwmmcbL4Qz0AAslepJuiSh96CuRlBjTU3JN93waNGf5xr7kBN1p9dve9rbl0xaJpl/SsCbRWmNkWMuu8eIvelqDrhuD/OCef4rV5j1a1/xHvnvtPWjjo54f+AN/NpKJFx7a1PdqDEhuYLwrmyv8Z61J0Mkjhzx86crvxp1cJ7fKYgv/ZZN+xo9sD0dK99ph9qePvhCow2+t7+wDm9vZMWH2xbcxYF8PWexrjpLHFg9wHug81Euc/ct8/bRnY3y7B+aR97LNN3OA/fSqPbuv8PkB902ibRJavCaxsiDkadIkFzj8DqUJbLK2mJrkoLo5gdU1wbueC7oFOBHEaw+i3YNkb+HdlHMEgiKfZn993KsH/FtgVwpANiJBR38BQ5tA5b6xAvgJUurZhg5MW9WF+XttHzpIp3Nt6zKbXJOjT3XJiRbMdmXX6QlB/Ws7goJpCMiKR3qQ5xpNAduGOTdXaDOSEPhYU9KhrYRJH342NjaIku3k0RcNMD7q0beRSGTIU7+HdN2DaVsI5n1y+Kd2fN3Th+7mWr5nn3r6sgF/tJIhSRCwOXoA8S62TwHYKFHCy5w0j5uHkyfAL1A/aQC6rukbffZAMiZNOH2B52xbI8AjHdYyYbqtoT50bZzRtz7xiAY2b6C25r3raMy55pX7xggCdeTpY87xwWwjNxvwco1efT5Vr4/5V/IZDXnmgaROgiOpdkqt9K60BK2Ta99vwEdi7dTQ6xDes7VPmA9QoiPJlRyZL2RKrFpL+Y18yTFd0NCDruYUfc0lp7ZioCSfDl4PcWrdKTqd6Y63xMrDMvvwMWcllcaAXHorgXa+65ou/A/w0we9ev62lpT4SZ7Vo6Fn9fTmF7bHE431Yy/VLn6nA0AXdk8vPmqMlPGbZXMFbb7DG+oTP/fRKKcPXKtXJheC6iavQJ12iH62Ae1hdIBPofEyN4wfv/M5/xhjn1D0e+Zsddjh8IOexoFOePAlucUe1074zUFzzx6qDo/6pMcVPj/gvjrRNtE9HQuiBQ6vjAh0kmyBQ3CZiy4wkdeLrLp1fQtvXk8EZBzBJYulxbWFIJlbcNQO1jaeA4HIIhco8Mw3rtnimq8FBoGEvwUMJxoCj3aBiE0Ct/Gx4aLX3/gZtwLwlJOt6gqocNqGbiK66oPoZ9k1OteTtxKfNY/qow2im3zB7L8FfIsuBGt9ulfyCV+1qbjmQ2NQIFffxsvPEm+buM3c5iDI66dPgV7JtnjkR/f4GSMJBdp02sKpN6gE1c+6c34iE016AHzds80c6sENbXbTj8768q1TRJuik0pJNnSibbPsdN+pGt76xyvZeNhEXaMB67GC7pXT9rUf+Lz6dVslqH4L6xute/qFdMmG2gM61Ka+DXzSAO38G0wZAA9obRsDfNHoow6ddmAOWvto6OZaaaz429zyqYyEFg+yixnGEsyTY8mz02AJoEQQGsteC5HEauu0EQ/zG1/v469/utG6sIckmx7uXeuLB6ArHdjYSbw14eHWNT0k1l4BcNgj/kmsJdgd/ujPtj6Fwod/xE2l8eBPcvnI3KMHbFybo0CJpzZ96aZUH58Sfr5jC387aYXo8eafxsG9sWGXhJEf+aaHDUDeOcSfHLZI4NlKX7roSx8lncUi65PtrefmL2QDnYy9MfKJBH+RoQ1t89c93mTRX70yXbVDgB5qp1fygDpYOxn0om/o3kGGJJo++nqo84693EMuoj8f8Kc54r5x0x+65is68JNP2STabDXu+Y0e7LnC5xfcV1+GNIGBhWpR+hhOYBMUvE9nEWgDLSIIWmBrDFpsyajf5BOCFvIexGsPpg7nYMrcgqN2cIkcNBa5gOOejfWrHQo4gpBN1KmMoGfzA4IFFHjQCOoCEF+4FmTyHTnq40vGDKjuIUiPymCOQ/T6Tt4g/uriDaLVHu3kAcFsC4F6Osy6LWBXctaypk4T4huN+W0z0r8+yTcuNjKvSDitk1S653PtNq0COsCrazyMl3v0EhDXyd/CPb0nTJu7nnXZRw96uuZ71/R0Tx+oTmk+zSRFIuVdbMmVEzt92vC02wT5BN/40NNGqB22MaJJp3QxfjC7q3efvdk0+8JzNGsZa0xm8pRTD1h9+sP6AOWadgJ+8aQTSLZSHT9BfuFPdeRY/+Iwns2VEsrmpHZ9HYAYr8bQQ4+ERfJl3klcJc4SF4l1J9S+3OuVCwmkREVi7d74Op02z8n0gGX8m/fu/Zc99w4DJDTmNDvpNhN/erYutJv/+YPOEldoHtJbQu00U7Ll1RCvLnrlAg2++lt3klulGMlfZPBFQA/QKfd8VQKgjYY+9MR/jpd7iFYdP0tS6UCuBFqS2LgYQw8H9GqNWxfiN3r7KXpjmx6ALEgf6Nq4ie3GjL/5pvlHD9f0wtde7VMFJVvJxYNNUB96i10eWoyluYEHoEs+wLPxU4+GT9b6zX5KsSJIrvquWwt0Nxbs40fzh32uPUB5394PAfBZD1/aih2u6UheMthrLplvxsI/p5HAowWtK7rS4QqfX3Df/LxfIMmwcE1cvzQiGPv4xceDbboFIggsPBNZaQGgaXFNBMpoup+L0TVoYexBQWIL4nmncAkPNh1BvoN8xcfsBPm0kq+1C8jkC6ACkE2Ij2yCApbg6z00/GyeAlOAD1q6NT74C1bq6RNqg7MONCb6zbL+ArJ+oHYItBsj8ugAJ236JTdZrtXRGeq33pjOQUlHiM/UKVnnoDFuU7EJ2PjbePnVBmYDTTcySmgkKDZEY6LNZqs/Gz0U8QFextTmaXNxvQd0mr4kN19BMOtAdJXVAfo2rxoXm5MNmG/UQ/TK7EfrxKwvsLGHrTZCyYRTfokZW3uY4AP9jIl6svFyL/FJF3T0JD9Ep54e5xDgyT/n2iFg3x6Qxb/kN56zPt9P/ch0n41QfXQw+WjTs37xwlupP5+xmS9do8lPfKiuRBgfde75D41xkqBoN57o2VJiKYlBa54qxXfzGY35S5bTPwmg74R4VcQYS6TFfbbSyfyHrsk019nHz3SaviHHdfXu1Tcn0o9OEnun1K7NKTro0zzB3/rvVBNq42c6QDaynV5B601f89c8Jxs/femEPx81V/g1nfkTb+2tf/6io+SveADJQN+743T0rjr+5EqCPTTgZ5z1yV9oJqqjH9+iFyusNw8W7KO3BNI13ZSSSg8j5KDlH3OM/RBf496vnnjlRkJqrpiD+Rg/fiSXHP7qAQqdOn7FL79B7c1PqK0SBnigYyP92CSuGD/zgV7mAz/iSUeyxFe6mI/Gks3Gggzy6UVv4+JTthe/+MWLvdrzq2tjC8ifel3h/ob76tURk9ETtwBi0vr4UECwuZr0FqwJasK2UQBBQf3EAG30Sn3Qw9rWCOgSzRqqp9NsVx+oJ8vCInsLwex3Ds7p8JkAfZJLZgEgYI9gJ/jR28YjYROEnEAI2BJtgU5AMR6uBSM6CjyCjmtITrpnozp6RAO0rbF6EG36V6oz1vVxP/mrcw3BpKvedWM96+ovMGvPri3Qxn8gnYD6+IYADd58KEi3gfC9uZ9Mm0wbvuDv499OCfE2XmhKXmwcxqOPiVsL+NtglPjiCeiw9gnIVvfZsoZoalfO8QDu+QUfNpR8gFlXST/XARr9IZskGRIxccLJqHvzUp2fYnNCKukjI7/oy6do6VWixXaYztlTHdnmE1yD08Ps0g9mM3A/2+OlnIhmQnXWX6XxgpKb6uOVfq7Tf/o/2exhs3KCOr5iM7r8n/7o+U4CKEl6+9vfviQi/Gw8xAi+d0qpNOf0wxPykwRaTJeomp/mLFvQmYfi+0tf+tKbb//2b1/a6UGm/zYoATdeJWTpYy6jZSeZkiT1ZKJpPBs79ej0c5jTybnkk00OEshATzfxrUODF77whcvrKeqMAz3ISqd8rY7v2IWuMcGPH8hv/IJ0rI6e7vHlc4i/fVAcluTRy0m+02FrHW+y+MCpuzF0OMU/dNRm7gMntcbCGJAN8M9nIdBOFr3Jx5ee0DU92YtXyT/fWneTJ0DL9/jQ0YMAvmSg0c437vFsHqrnS234qZvjC9kHtcHuo8HDvfhij8LLgzl/0gN/OnlVREzhe3POJyd8SE8xhZ/7MiRb+LvYBfnFmPTTotmTHtqV9NdP+xU+P+C+OdE2+Zxee3o2Gf24/r//9/9+mfDexfMkqR2ogxZPAV1//UDlFrTw9sDCaXHAFq5FCMmziSdfYFAH0CZDuQf61G8LLtH3kmE+omEvpA/70WdDfnjta1978453vOPme77ne5YgLumzgQreNlqBSV8+wkt/6BqfZKCJL8ivIFkT6DL1d42mJNQY1H/qK0jCEpU2eP31Y+ucP+k7MZ33QLsNJ9th/kuX7L4E0KUfHoIyxMd9epODDm92sxONQG8jsLH6N88+BpdMsN9a8uCEh2TDWnLKZNPWHz8+M742F5APJgI88p1+NhB201W9ezLpKiE2XyQP7tHYlPlNnZMwG6E55LeNITvUSejQ2fjdS+w6OaO3tnTxcNjpobnJH4FXGPCiY+NDD/3RuyZfHPLlOn4iE1/+oDew4bqnCxuNQ/OID+klEXWNL/6NDV81//AoccTHGOortvAN/fDONhhow0uSo9SHDLz4QDLJXjIkDclTkmNc2Nt8ood+TnSNR3NYbHPCyA/+0yYegF31Q4snH0Dzxj1adklq/IKO5FmSgy8904f+dJeI0Um9pA26pkMyjGknxK7JJ4M++KSfJEqST46HBGvBybVkip1sNM8B24w75Ee+wYt9dM3vXStnPd3oz3b20Mv40Y0NeNFdn2iaG+6tC8ke3fUlH09+NA/5zQMJnR126M82fgX4+93uf/2v//XS9qpXvWqZo2zHwzxV/zM/8zPLgwM/pwskK1vwgvSjT/3p1D7HFiX92aiNbh2SNW/xRkd2tMbfnMWD/7VZF3go00t/gI6+aMk3P9ThJcYBY+ZU3c/RGnfzgz+B+ECG8aejRFhs0UcssE7zPdl0sF6VdAbmC5v6NRe6kJ2OSuPtlRGI9gpPH7ivXh2xGFpAfotUULTRCdAmfCdVFqR7waBAwcwCxBGQcURHF4vFYoueDPVQ8LCwLLAZUNDop4/ySM4lw3OJvpfwuYQGFBinLfwABdy3vvWty09aOYXiAwmPE65Xv/rVS9BCQ1+YD5RdQ/zjCfIjmPVrmDbgZy7gpa+yev3pbVwEZ9cCdPVoAu360gukYwj063oL0iWc/kvmpeNkDMLsaYNZt8cTXRgtv9jEJRfWk4fVNl3rjH9s2Daj/G/DsqlLPmxAyUHbOOmvTgIGSxpKWCU+5oWNDB396QXca5cE6Ota0mStewe7LzlKsvm0PjZJ9xJBDw4SDpsd+/Fgr+RCnJDcoJW0qA8k0E4D2aJPCRz+jTdf0b2HjfRnF56uyaW/vu6rJ0uibKO3KdcGjUk+oLN7PsaLn+jND+ROnRpTvGcZoHWfDvpln2vAz/hmk3ZjqC86cv7G3/gbSwKUT61taGzd84kDEPIlPuYNW8nIR8ZNEqNe32zOD67zLb7a9TUX6UgvupiD9Cr5ga7RGDN80Eo0zTm8jTWbzHc2iEn/5J/8k8V+OtOhOVofdZAu7pV404lvIFp6gmxNp5BcNHRjG8h2fI2za2D9GW8l0E4/ss355o816Z7O/NMDVWNCpn+I89M//dNL8ucnDcnxip+fM7zTRNu9pNV6sGYkm3ShK370xAN/Sax9WulB3lrFF6Bhu3HxOgv9PDh4TQMvcsjD21ikF52AvmS0LvhVP/ODffU1r5wo8wUe5guZ6vmPP/xTIrpba+wxT/A0BlAfchoTJV4eWunhoQeNPuTiy6/iCv+LX/xyhacX3HfvaANP5p5MPR1bvCaxAGvBMEeQgcCEb0EWII5MtmDQ7QEeaCy26NUVaKEAbJGF6kD0RzLAJXSX6nsERzTTPva4J5sPCm5QcHJK+su//MtL0PaRvffcnGgL8MaqTST71j7Bu00OzHGs/pzN6zr36Tv9H055riEbkoFGUM9eGP28FsjXsteAb/6D+iVv6rQHya0/0CffQ37Snj3pNfuxR8CXfFgrNg9JtmQbOum0eXqvUnLAPnz1IyM9bNzxzceV6luL7vXDpw3LJidxTDebElnobIZOtiRUNnMfzbtWR2+6oMcXT8lFc4J8vG3m6qxDYF6KER4OzL8SKv4jX0kvdDZp89S1zZosdXhLIJU+AbAh09lGT2e2AaV6fK0NPnCtH52007ExU6cM0ged+Ucv6Fob0E5HiD9avsALoOMf/lJHn8Yh26P34KQ+/s0Z+pLLfvOCL5oPxsUJb/zxRk8PPpJQNT/U41mcAK7Tg1zjBY0tHjNhJBfGh7/dGxO0nfIG+VR/SatESOIkeZPIOcGmrzFDmy5kqlO6J4s+bMifdGgtuCc3n7uH0YfsowtZ+tJbHf78R546ephzfdpgjCXTfZrEZn7tX4JLro0NXY2FcbFmve7CRgmzX+T6ru/6rkXfN7zhDcsrlx5W7yTRbm7yqbnjvW/fhcDH/OgBkY7WmwTavu00V2LuQQF/cQc9GR6K8PHfnb2yI/5YI/mluZpedAJ0ga1PNPzsWh19+Y5P2eYhW6zDj3xr2Bg4GPKfP/nH3sWP+vIFbM6xi+3a6EUPvgY++euBh0y0QJL9Az/wA8s4o6cjmis8PeC+S7RN9J/92Z9dgr6nQxPYohJMLSoLwASfC1KAMKnRgQLGFqA9WgS1RwvJC0E6zMALogdHuggg6b0Fk98WJHsPjmi0F3DD9BNwlGx2LXj6j53/8l/+y5vXvOY1y+mRDcyGYWOweafzOf3dFzBdkytw0kF9vp19u+4+fZVrP0fXXNEefzaph+RP2eiU63sbnX5HUJ8J6aI/3+2BvrN//UL3JVT5Kb3YEbILstGaacOwCUlGJcCuJTAeZLX5dQVoI8ET7+yOXzJdqzfWkidrM734QFsJhk3MPRrt6m3aTj89oEno6EHHkj7+TyYE+NsMgeQTrTY2Nl42eG02WBst24E2tEp86IJGvCmZVccP+uGnTZ1+/EA/+uvvXpnN4pAkhF/pD2z8jX1IfqgfefzJBjzJVjZm+bN6JX3oRza5/EBX8vMJH0O88VCPX2vUQ43XSfiLbEB3dHjq1/hppztfSA7xl2h5KELHBroAuuLBt+iNO1uaK9A1O+jDDnV0VEefEp6SOvXmh37qJTf4e8DXz6doHooax5J5+kkA8zNZgC1sSLfmD6Q/0M42NPVt3CCeMHo0+tAdP3rTlS/RuKczn+LpGk9+lIBKto2NMcaLzerV4SPRg9Yne53cSrAdRmmXmKP3ac9P/uRPLuN7pyfadKaX18vwl7zSn5340ZUdxsZJtnfsfcokMdeOJyAXP3PHevcutAM0ewYf185v5kR61Z+/1LlXNnau6ayvfuYqf9KBr3pQVM9fPjGT2DsQYhPd+decMw/oYc4qWxPk0IXPyeIHfkkXbeR4pUoin538S88rPD3gvku0JQHezbYgBARfhhFYPTXPDaiFZtIr3Vu0wEI5AgtiD/ALpgvX/fb46HfkfovxaEEe6QqO5IAjGu0F3JAf6Me3If8Dm5tTgX/7b//tckoh4Njo5lgkkw1TfjTRGbOCV/WNo77o16V2m3o0E5JlwyqIZhtaNhTYtanXZ9oeqjf31jLWEO2WLvxYAN+CdMEjZCsMbAZ48hH98XXPvjYo+rq2PrS7t+Hiw2clszZEm6fNhiz0EnAbiw3LpqQPWflL6V492k7m1AEbGJk2esm0Da4EiixjQp82bfrG0/20m45kiAHzS1xs46foiwM2fXPQfbECj/yFVj915KLDi0/dq3eNjr7kZZe2xhjfktL6SFTFL7qiYadyjaCSjZAdSnInrURH0sQ/+KULecZQmR+zBR/00zd0dN/48Q1e7MEDjcSUTa7JRj99hq/+6AEe6ulBbja4hvw5+QT4o4Ml5dolJ+YJ+uYo/o2hk0knorCDF23mB3pJlhgkeZJgGT8nsnRo7NiSPulUO0xftkG+oh+do8UHuobAPDHvAL6Nj2sy6Ygv++hnntLRQw+98zGZ5o91aT7R394H9GWfeUAvnyrgw3YPrvzpk2Cn2n4J6k4TbUgXOprX5LMLHXv5RT80Htok4r1HTia65hPZ7GYL3cQV9/Qin5+ak/TCVz3gN7zSKZh6Qsm0mCV3MC/4Sh0/8ZcHX4dDwH3jgJYsupJLnjqAL/2d0tOBT+nIZr4wdv6FvwNBp9105xdr0nhc4ekB912i7aM/ryVYCN71ExBs5IKWhc4cC8EktigKECa/Pi3SIzhyC34Ab7SwBd0CIsd1+miLb3263wJ9k7UFRzzA3aDR3oYUZh8dQwHGpmKjEFRf//rXL0HM077+gqygmTzlRDD5Af0at+SRM32+9jX9zIvalYCMxs2csDG5zzZ0yVDWZ43xAAJv/LeA/ukCweSljl/2ID+gpRuccvGaiRBMlr4hOW2i2m2M/AD4zGZgk2lTgPxh7NCpdyok4QZ0COc93vopofngpNGXFfHy8XCvh0iUJY7WMX3Q08U4O3VCQw++bo4pARk2t8ZMaWwbF3ay2z3dXbODjPyF3n1jkf6gcYLkaOs0F296Ghc86YiHevR0AWhK8ulYskGXOZfyXfKTi46Mxs21+NfJMdRHPVmQrLnetEcL8JRArOVnd7z4WdLgHk769DNmEir+bVzw75pv6K3dOPDd9Dm+6UM/NOj1d82vdJFE+5RF4ubUU5KjztxCT46xcW0O64+vxIkvyEu2PtkCtZEF6cB/zRf8lCAaOP0Rru/NazHQ3MEnXZ0yQ3aJl+a+MbUWjKtrvOxxkmJ2SRatH33MI2NrbVhHHlrZ2GtJ9EuOpNV3Z7zC4bT7ThNt9WRo40v9+U9bdvN9Jd21zXmvL0SjTpt6NtGN/9VnJ3vSSz9Apjpt+KtPl0mvv9dC+Ejya74WZ+QV3menpzHoEwRt6Rof9/gC8ui4TrT5U1/fw3CS70CBfPSg9XeFpwfcV4m2iey3sz31ejrsS0ue7C3EgqoJDrXBFqGJ3mLZg0tc0gK2AOlVH3ok34bh3qKqHqCtTwtvC/TRdw8u0fdu0dAbFnjSjz+UfGsDALUJsD/2Yz+2BDNBzglI/ps4/aid3wpI5BWQq5e08F9yQvdQH2Mw20H6Q3xsEnsQzz04GkdA/6mjPtOf7s3RPcAjPnSPV/4L8+PUqzrQtf7s52/AX5IAyYV3QZX4k2lsjaUkAF9tNqrkoWmcqsO7hJZt2iUJTtZsUHhpxy+dlBOBDcvmhxZvm7B5Rh+nUtokW/hA9pCd7m3YdGAjGrzwLxkoWSjRg/jgAaY+6mD0EEgU6OSEkkz+5aPGlS5kN+fohAcE2hpTsI5V2QfyMajeffZC19mSzmF98UEHXePD7mynmzZ+CvIFeqAPm8Rg40JvMoFrfPhbXbaq45fG1HqGfIc3PzRu/IrWw525QwY6sV8f93TES7IPjYmkKf31V0qCtOEpQVU3/UV2/qQDVM8OOPVHk2/zSX7pGpAl0dYXmqvWjwTMaxJ8J7Ezd5ovbMGXfU7rfUIIJev8LFk09+lHXuNlnOglcXcv6ZY4s8+XhH/lV35l+WWNO020yaF3vkSXL/CautA5HdiIH8wfQH8Pc8aSfeJQ44Evn7Bx6gXYj4d2MulDjmv60Zud5ovr5z//+Yvv9JdLeJ3Ge/tO0cUZtnioozca8sg1HngbN3y1k0GWvuj4FNDXw6BXYYxxD0x01ecKTy+4b35H2yS2WDyRm7BeGbEYLWATvUUGLABg8Vmo7k18WP0ekHUEFgygSwjoAMksyLhHD9MtiHYLJ78t/FzClKmkG79mn8DEFwKRsZEACVxOVLxG4iNG41Ygi1c+V8L45bPqgTpyBeTqwOQXGGv06Zgv6zf7a0seG/QtmNcnGWijV14C+qMP0yVwrX4P6ES3KRviDWurrjWgTG++MDddGydrRx36aIHNhf36qbfOkmnz9662e/UherQhnsbJZl9iLvmRBNiUfDnWtfmgjSw2xG/yMXdsaB7YnCBJPtoo1aGxmYoT2Uu/MBuhe3YDtOq0k53NEFRHn/wGstW9TRgCm3F6pzse6vlCv2xUB/F1Txdt9dFfXbLUB/kqmuS5Bo01NJZQHzTGovikvviJfzKmD6qPlxK99uQAfCFadNromI/VKZ1Ge+DyiYgxk+gZR4m0et/BcXLrfV1lr0hIiHxRzemjJNtc8klZPz9pDNINmN+NG8hfxt98o0/+RbdGgJbOIHvjr9712k8TAdv4xWsKkmNygcMi/8lUUobWOlBaL3zjXWFzXYJt/ks+9fUQ7FRaXAVsYjc7+LJ7pT748o21gZ81J/lDjx//kMvXdOIbwF9htjQv3LPJA4JYT0Z05pNrvjO/yWKTB2s6NC/o19y1T4gpHpKc4OPRuLEF4gfSqfEwVtrJ1ofM5pz7Hsb863NzRZuHHXHDvgT4lJ78wS/o80vy6UlW458f+Nw1vwKxzRdOvQZjvyNPf/3wyIdXeHrAPXeinTpNQvctXsHXFyEFKl8usDAFX4vCNZoWADChm9QmuaCLxqTfAzSw63Pl3KRb0OQIBNC1gGLRkquOblv85qKb1/rMfuDc9azbgiOao3Z6QeNxzmY+BoKvICXo8L96Qd74/ciP/MgSePrRfiBIGUOBmq2CIp/xXTwbS6COPHTpkJ/SxTUQKNHjpQ4t3eOnf/3iC9Q3ttVnf3y6Bm3KtemfbtGxccqJLn8CegL1QdeTNp2TB1on6pTprx5M2cZHSV6+AdErJUPG0MYHbNjqrTV82ohAdq6vjSk5kgQ+simbCzZC9eZC429N4Q3phEfjpD+0WZOpLxslWzZKiYz3IPExd2zokhDJl82zuaUv3hI0J2tspQsZbMoPdCQjHdDpizbbyNdHUoIeWPPmJb/l/wCf/EWHNuzGC+KNJxuUyUcL0yXgM7LRnUOAPjl40NHYkUcOBMmH0fNBMOcJKJkJ0LKvh598RaZxYU/Jk3ZjB+ivzTzQt8MTcYSueBhHqE3yaUzNHcmRVyzojhZv9E5GyadzSRYZEKinC72a7zAfZH++Vw9qA+r0xZPt+qMP9IPaJLfmpP9m6X3pHiS87vGSl7xkiYV+FjV9JZrsJ0sdGeazOe5hk+/YCNGQYY6ziR/aF/mDDpJLbf6R08/93M8tDydOb7Wbv9Y22173utctPzJAV4AHZBtb0YT40uuTn3wyqb/V5TYmPfCM03w79T156gk5n/rU7etbeN766snYRoa5oJ6uzS88w3yhHk9lc1SpnS38575PwTyU++KrxFcy74HOfBNPyPFwwUc+dcDXfGEfIK/9KH+6xl+bupJ176B7aPIphUMEY5Ku7OcX8tjn+gpPD7jnEm2Tclmkp0UFLO4W1Bvf+MZlcfiNTQFWvdMQE95CMIHrtwUt2D2ovUAK19cWzR4fNC1ICNigXr/qLGj2htrmfahfmA4h+9HsAbojuISGfuwQDOlRHR0gHtnHfmNiQ5Q8OanyfqB/aCMYeViSeDm5sYHaSAQmJw34CGIQkJf/qk+XNgLAD7OfOUKvAiOgN34wfUM0k3++PwLjmBz9miv6lzTZON3HN5ndh8lrnCshGegbg+yeeke/B8naguSF2ROqI9M62IPGZ9q3thcfPBuPbEGnTn9zg48lEerNKX61qdrk+hUB7RIVpb740NH8s+EqJdk2VslaOqI1dniag9rSq3VsLos3aOAeNC7ZqgzdA8mA+c8WdrOv+UpXpfvp/3PXgH5hetNBGU86u+dPwDfstvb4i588ICjxLhnSh950oqM69PrFK/5kebVDwma98zd70UkuJMWSSye7khKy0EmerXsJuD70gMaKXEAPcuitj4TJJ5uSQnoBfY0/n6IP84WyazbRma2h+nkPlGzWrz5K9+wii23FO230lMTBEmK69pqIVzjEQvY//PDDy3724z/+44s8D5T0QO/Umq/wJ0uCrUwX461ET0e+njHAGEE+ci9JNzZe4ZMIoudffPlOEi4ZFZ+14ZntQB158NOfvj10Uffxk//pJZGWaD/7xPO0um8+/sjpYev0R//HPn37UPKpE51+j57wgQfoe/uQQr/Wmvb8jL/YWYLKl+rkAsYdT+tVnb78x079+dvpsnn11/7aX1tejXnLW96y6OoAoXWuL/pFz5NseqBxDdIjf7TO0JtvHpr0N14/+IM/uCTtV7hCcE8l2i1aSC1YELGh/tRP/dQSMCwO7z4JzCa8QGcRtij2AG8896D2dMB3llBwwmsL0Nh06AdBwQR/dfrTO5vTbd6HyYVTD1ig2AN0R1Aw3QIyyCJ/Bl86C3bK22D75H9B4wObpdMoY2hD9RupAqFNxmbrdEXQ9NNUZPgoVbAE+YmsxpesWR+ykQ50zCfqu4cAn9nPvX71xV9ZXX7eA+OoX37AE9KBruptCu61K9fXISBP/1nC7Jj6g+ohONL3EqBzcmE2dU/X5vYWpOO075zN+Jo3+LIhP6prHqEjz9qD6LRJ+myM3oW0IUssbH7FBHzwc++jYpuu03pJM/4SDIm85MNDPD7mrzZ8QKff+EuO9dkDY52PwCyhNvxt1OygG1nFDDGNjexC39jml1C7Pq61V58MaG0BstQbDzQlFfzn5E893/GLhwCnovryMbn8w3/u/TqDUgymdwkHOkmjJNHpq1NEdjpR5Dt2odHP6yASFP98rESPXpIjssQH40Av/mRn46mvRNtYecCiNzo+o7PxIgc91FbZdT4A/BRtfoNzrPTTh05K93ygT2scrTZ1bBTz6PfX//pff+L9a2PGbom2OMgu8H3f931LrOQLtkmwzUd7nntJO/vITBcyk0fHdG7O4M13fcIi/vpyujGSaKPHE2/+/4//8T8uibYHIjzwzPZsg9o+9rFHbr78pO//exoL88cYP+shyepp7ZzoPbCS/6Wn9fI7p7Zv+PpvuPmt3/6tZS8wRrc2WBe3vma3hzA/BWhfMAfppI0N9KArvsCYV8fXPiXtC6f8zGay6Oq/R//oj/7owts8ZZ81z3/GozHkM9d0U+ZHdMq53rSRA6wV/BweyU3EiCtcIbhnEm2T2mYjiJnUFotJLUgJLD568yP8FsD3f//3L982tyjR6CP59h5bi3ALLA64B5OGe+imDIFFuccHneCQPWhbvBap/kr6Jw+2gNc45a/1EQDQ7AG6IxC09oBubCG/4DvrldWzj202cWNirNAIcsbSqYLEWnDy038C03ve854l4Puiio1l8s1u13hDoC6/An5AM33SvRKgDekLtaFHF211l/jOHNWvsY4/oKv6NtR0VMLqwsY1m2E6pF/1ycAvvS+B+m0BPWxgU5cQdJ3+W5CO2Zbd0358jKFxcJ0f0ajjW8mxeSQe0AtP9WhsxhI4iYw5J45A1/GE+jkNsyl7kNO/NusUH+8A+x6IeWsOKvUjl074kknHPbDJo4k/mNeAPHa0jtggwfRrSk7GnLj1KQheE+mQf9iJT7wnPRptlRIcCYwEUHySVEtw2Kat13PYqb9Egp6unSJLnCVUYjB+Tgv5XeLrXiLu1Qj286n17uf21Jv/HnC8NiHBlZyxWT8nqF5lMD50Ip8dfEPPTjTZyJZskBTq49p4kqk/nchAX3xQdg3xMbYAXfWuQzoAftZXHzKU7smkH/+pnzzozH8eOvzDJTpLBCXX5hl/4iPpFR+9PyxZ1MccxVuSzRZjZFwk4nSB+pJrbMhsroPmAJ9D+6N5QqbYK5Gll378VKL98z//80sbeoAnPbKJzPDRTz128z9P69LByHtPsZsdHzj5Hq2HBHv4qdPN+0+82eYTaa/J+MQDf/weOY3ppx69/ek8PvBFze/+7u9eaD1w4cG/eJJJV/GUTq0NcYGeHiIAvnj43Wq/cIS3efiP//E/Xnxiz3G4w5f5B0/jZ73rnx/Rq4d8TS5+9DH+6cO3xu5lL3vZMmZXuMKEe+pEW6A3caHAafIKxuo9hQtU/kWqj4lNav/uV7sF6omyAHAEBc8tWLfnoukqC3AP0AoQJVl4FuTpqF4pQGgL1c37EL+woBfSBc0eoDsCQWQP6NZmQm8lILuA3zU642fTw1cibVwLTjYcP9PohIEvBH0ft0luvEdoA0SHD7nZmu/UVxcG+SyfzOugPgXMaPCfeCngwW4I8hGovnuw1mfKnzbhA10D7fxc+4R4XDIf6LvuvwY+Dta03R/JSc90o/8so+Eb6Jr+/IVGnfljLklAoH4lX8BGCyVx8Z5yAnzEEjJsshJCSYw6iaL4ItF1SupackO+RM781Y/cOY5bYMPOx40hnHU2f3rgr16SKwmVDDk0YF8PFfqgIVsZv+KL+trYzYfGT5vEgB/4qPWEL9tds0nioR8/6+vBwus1vg9DP3SSYe8ROyWUkDkRLekoTku8rWFfYoT5lZ4SMfbSUTJCpoRcv/yqLx3Rr+2lQzbZA9BKCvHsdLO9I9vyNR5hvtNuPqEJa3MN0ID0SAele3NKqU4fY8oWOtLBoYHkC41X5iTZ5l2/q8zfXn3yCYE5w0ceZkq2zQl8JcFznCEd+Ml44a/ONZQ8uqcLHY2P0tzyZVJznO/Q0N0YmR9+Y1tbiXCy8AdkmienlX/S7/9baB2Q+Am79/3m+5Z+X/TFX7TEffPmf/3O/7r5uj/1dcunFq9+9auXfdxDh7VKny8+0X7BF9x+qkM3J8L+oY7/otj+Tj5a9qNzb95B9+ayBwX+A3/zb/7N5QHMWJhfr33ta5dXdfiK7uz0gAf4n03mEJ/zw5wD2sgN8wl/6IufOrr49MHrKU7Lr3CFCfdUom1hCJQWhMncZHcaYvH52SGTWDC3uAUsNBaAoGbxtoD24Mjk20DyJHQ/6y9xm8XHFvrpa3HStwCpZKe2sEC2RvLC/BIKNmj2AN0RFEy3gG6CMvkFm+rpALUBGwOdBL9OCdxrF4yNl6Am6PvJRn397JKTEJtogTU/ZTMe6iD57rNdmU/A+noN676VcwwuBbT0ZQfgHwjUacs3wdTJNbnsSm+oT7aDqddav2imHlvAd9Fvwbp9La9x3wM8YHrn28po8pfr/IVGnblgvky66Uv1oCRR3/onA717/pWI4WEeihdo4qkUhyRxEl3xSJKNr6TFXLYhq98DySh5dMM3f7uGZDogkBDhKTGRcIoZ2ugpgZAUTB70U8bHeoTq+UkJ6IsHP0je6c5WuqN3LRHSzm98ok8+Q8c/5OvLH9a0OrFXko0vXXza4FdA+E3Cg5+HFPycypMFJeoSH0BPMsgjm070YZN7vp/20BMNv+PrE00yJKV4oucnOkq6zRd6TN+F+Y7sxnGOjWsI8kd+d08PpXs6wvYtvqKLNnQOEJysSrIlzfzhEwsPMGTxmTmgj33OCSw/OQHmHw8q2QPxpwukA5n8QZ46fnKPn3s+UEceMGaSXfeS0U5zS7R/4Rd+YUme+TS7If58QuatT/yM3u0XX51o09tDqnmM1j5tzpjbxunbTsn1209x3r9gd5ovsb31+e073fTgG6/TfOd3fufy6bXEtQcoNtAHb2sEPf+B6vlLMo/WAQ5/0s/JuD3Gg11+0acxZ4+1ZrzwgWiMa/OgtTHv8wc6a9eaeNWrXrXkJXS4whWCe+rn/UxaYBHcLubb/5jlhNMJqKAlsFq4Pv6xkC0QgUKAF4iOwOJosWzBmoYeYXpdwscitiAtumwDrquzqCf/LZywlptOdwprmWskhz0gHWYbLHFgF6ge1KeNSbA1fjZWQRHyi0BvgyCrjQSsZZKhLvmBOr6H2rpGrzyn+ywDdNEegb70TNdkwuSEIN5w6sReMGlB99HXls6TFx2mP7YgnucQzEQl/hPQHck5128N0ZAD8MwudZBfbLASE3q5lxjYXNHZGCVqbZhzHNo4XeNrs8XLPJS4mH/x1a+1ib8TNcmlev2V+DcvtxC/idYEJDuUBIhbkgm6sIPskA54AddkWjeSSbGuxFk9pBdEA9PTxm9NOS2VAHlwqB+59GIbe/Emi7/4g+4SaSex/Ovklb4//dM/vbwCJukWn9kjVvfJlXGQeDnR9UDROFnzTsvJg/qJ52QZJ7z1jz4fZAtAx3f6OhmnM33R6qtdfyUeW3Mw/rWfQzSQrt3TJ77Z4J5MeuY/+5O5Za45vWabOjTGwcOYMeQPdvC/15Z8msFPfInWXADNTzJBupAH6AO0s10/OuFlDPCig4cUY0kuPYFx5l+JOF30ww8f6Dr7s/1DH/rw8lDwP0978/9+mlvv/9333zz40O0DkcRTqa+9+v/+7d+++bZve87N//it/7H0Me/o2Twn2zwzT51kS1qd6BtPbWjQ8wGd1VkDZKh3SPM93/M9y6m498wl6uaVT2W8UtLDGLl0JxdvpXtteBsD9uGpXglcQ/2TT7Z5jgc664zexhSPK1whuGcSbRO1AGVCCyAClKBj8QtKFo3FYTH0TpmFLEiY9AXXI8D/UiiwQPp1XfA5AgtyBkPg2uKMTzz3cMJabnrdKRT0jpD8dEi/2oyjMSxQqctWyBeCFXRvDAUmfZyqqLfB8JuxNq54gHgCffWJLwTa0TUP9A+0ocOPHtk7+3+mMPlNHabM7Aiiq9QucE99ZgnRQRBP9fGA6XEE8dzC5mZymseVUPsepBP9IFj3cZ/+YPKe/W2EUBs/We900W4usJvO5pAHvrDNEQ80UPIhocBHvX74zDE0d8Qa9zZiPMxLOkjQ0+cc6j+RLWFzRRKvDW8xjK7aJBCSILJLgoG++aYx0F97beoh0MYu60qCV8KfLfqgcQ2tRX3RzNN1NGxyao2PT5z4gb7s4EP9nEg6CGEXG8RsCR6+oLWINxn64IM/Pkpt7G5cgLbiKFvpImFUkoG/MY4PvZUT2LEGddkXgnnPp2jIde+aHvVTz8f0I7O5Z36whY7mqU/u/FdCtE6TJdquS8QBv3n/nf1iovHSny/FQtf5CdAjBOkM6U0uXsVQn/h6MPIrTz45NP/poI2+ZHh4olv+Z18I8tkt3p7mmqtL/2c9++aTn7qN7fQ0px440dFbovv7p7njoRVtfr2VcfsgTKbkmF4e2uiuPXlo8GIvfmwoqX3xi1+8zOs3velNyzvoaJxke6BQb97Wl53Giw6ADH4A2hrTbEanX76HfOpefevHA4QHBXpf4QoT7plE22IwaS1Sk9ziUSfJ9pGbd9pMfIvRQoUCCXpB28S3qApaW9BCuRRa5GEBgo5HfNC1GF2jj4d6pQWq7ggnrOWm050CndZyJ5ID82F6VA+NA9RmvPRjf/TxakMi0wYjSNk0nVQ50fB6kICV7wp+yQR8B+IJ0EWrziZcm5KOeAq0Bdv0mjDlXAJznEGBOt75J1A/Ea128xt9fNbX+ML4xTMeMF32QL94byGe+EA8w+6V5O0BHutxW0Oy4pVd6rMJuCe3OebeHCiZxkOpjkxAR5snvxpv7fglU4yB7kto9G9d6o+/hEg/fEBtW6g9O9znu+adaxt/csg130t26a89vynRtm7EOXqjQZuPgGt0aNDqlx7xQeNaOz7RSGCdAPpVDIccEh4Jn0RFEoYeotWfPzy0WLtOLiU+4jIb2eIaf/7TL99kGz3Uo2/uo6GPeqU6/iKTrdmmlBSSkx/Q2A+UeD4VoM9E0Djmr/RTulfPRkgHiSJf0R3wi+SLTnypX58ooIHpyg70XunA25fF7X0STw8x+qYH0I8ujWuILn5KvsLHg5LTXnunT4dLtPVHw/8+uSAr35E3ZQL8F/sfe/JkGM3NKUwZEzy1GbtPfvLxOX7SNZ+Qpc7P/KXv0v8E+uOJRzpkH//qR09zzcGb+aaNfX7NykOlk2WfpvAPWfiRbX3JEfgef34gD502fJtHiw0nvmRno5iDNv/SWX/rA5qL10T7Cufgnkq0S9Ca4IKTj4KcoHhfyyKxGATtwAIw6U14E9+1/u4hPvooLSI0c2FbRC3kFpDFNFF9GFiIe4C2hYk3+mTGF7SRTN75ANZHCasP9NtqA/Fd158DtPG4FOu3htro1Vigy9/1UfKTgOmUwnhqd7IjeJYE6afkx/oIogE5QFt0dNCPjxsvvGHjIgA3TyA66NpcUGYrvkDZvGgsu28skg8D83DSTlRH1lwDYH2NNh/Gp7YwvSf/NZKDT/pMHs2l1gJ690F9YH1qn3rN+kpt5DaeIHm1JVfdXMcT9W2sYPd4udY/WtdQfeODp/kD9SOzubckAY/PmWlDfNA2BtA1f06/r+VXhkBSBsiV5EuM8CLXvKebfskD6ZL+YhrIV+Yz3cnQR4m32GmNmYNAX3HUJ4PQu8Aecn1cX6LIDkmJfnhI1MhwDeiNhn7qyNKvcQB0YYt6denkms5K9PktiEe+hEAfdXS3P0jy6ZEf6EKWcuoRJLP65Ca764nVg/qxo76ND9/QwzXZSvuWE2wn+3zu9Qht6Jx486/EzGEDYKd5wCbJmzkiQS8OGkenwh6Ikk1u/jG+xkudE2xfOJew85VxdZqtD50k/HThE/3xNA8k+8UhMtjsmr2utYEHHjjN75ON2gCZj/H54z7+9KetM995+PCp/vaBpLHBw9x41rMeuvnSL7t9N988BPjRDT+0xlpSTFf3HgQczKhnm372CvaZh5JssvgXX3qTx8/64483+a7VzbUP2M0n6qBrdbVB+qDHy3hKtH2i0/q4whWCe+rVEYEpMLEtLt/I9k6ZRdJC6YnRRDfhW/gme8kMfhaBRWIRAYFOvXaLo74tsO5bVJUwsDBDUPs5pAu6FiTZs8/kE1QH0c/7cA3ownU7OWCL10Rwrn7ilJEdoDZjwLd8B9nN73xgfNucoXtlgcq1YOUXZXyZRQA1B/AROBurAqPNg4/Vk48POei1oysQNr5k4oEebaca+GhDpz4ZSvdsA3hk20T1+SAM1EMbaLTr/rCADvSPX/0hmjlHqwfxpTM691s4eYCpd8gntfEBnLIgHuq0uedDCPSLJkh/OoL6AnXamhfGovmkTV0w7cYf3+SFIP54aY9P/V0n0z0aMO3V3rylT36LBiSv+Ya+8Yw+SDa6fJOO6mC64YEXOjTqjIs6OtfOLn3ox4bWBXp0eEraJHq+7yKhan2hT64+kj4fy0vokks3SZskQnKrLf76aw/xUadfttAPRosv3aF60FhXH5KRz4C+Ti4lUiXaeLKT3fjQLdv0h8B9OgB0jUE00cNk4g2yJ5/rGy988ZMMSyjReX2hsZEIOkDQDtiQDyXiaDzs0N9ps2SS/cbLJ7vinSTSaa6x0xdKyMlAK/k0ttDPKhozPCWAfj6Rv/AXiySzdDZO7JGY40s2vmxmW36hn3p9HnzwNJane/aL7yg++Tjt4s+T2x46JdESaXrTrQcEsu3h5ErG0Wknjx38gyfa5OcnNL1WxT6/JkIfvNmDju/ZiBZfQKfsMYZkq8tvgH1AfThtJycaZTzQaDMuPimwRup3hSuAeybRNtlN2haBe5PXwvcRpidWT68msY+GCmYtxk5dPP0LGhYzmAsLWAAtEtctMnTqu29R7eEexHvSq4PrBbwH9dmDySP6ieBIDqDX3YJk8yN0LagJdvljD2wKAipo/PDQ32ba6YjgKujiZ2MVoPnd/DAn3CdLfcEXL/Xphqf65omATV9gbkQHG781gsog2erJnvOqeohnCGqvDOK/x4Oc6LZA38ZmrRPQ/2j+hvFwrY929OrSKd7dA75u3amrLz7qtEN8jEdtW7Ae1ymTT5I729DHNwTRaIuvOlg73ekXr+rMVzFozXeN6YOHuQznXDP/mpfqJSxK9yUI/EJWiYh2iKdTUPFQouUk06eDvnAs2ZOIWDeSKuvMw61EQSImdrJJYuh1EQcd+krAnXaiJxNN45M92bQF0dEd5iOAn+t5v4USSmub/uI+HfDiB7bxD92SFz+A1rU28wLUVjkBHV218a179qvDKznxxVPyi1YcQyfxVee6nyTMBnuccWZHY84O8Yu/jQdar3VIzo0bmzwMaTO+xlmbX/TwLri5Qg9jRZ4vCzrEMCfogkfxNd/RAw/jTD5dzeVsg3iyV9tHP/qx5b8+PvKJ21Nqp9kPnsrWWqf1D5xo8XPtd7YfOiXpz3zw5M+TbHp+9KMfWeK4k2o6WQceCNlMtrlpnPkKGl/28ic/ekiZ/g/X9/Sa90A/ujZH2DZp1jgB/+TyE/2vifYVzsE9k2ibmCaySWvSWxTQAjX5Jdu+8S7AWZRKfSA6C91kt4m08ViUFrKFiU4d3m1EQF+gjvwW3HpRfSYwF3YLL527P5Izabdg8pj8Z99L7Mn2O4HkrOXiHV6ii9dI+M+4eJjyoOVjbRuFAC4gx6sEuw3PXDDWrs2J5Nkc8FRO/fAxZ5TNP/3RaS/46gO1d73GNVRXe8E/UIdfGH00kxa4P9efrtnn/ghaA/QJJ6RP8tJLucb6u6ZD/dS5Nx7pjKZ28ukB1NUX1J7vG88wiC9AA+I7dWrctU1InzXf/KEtnaoDrtMN6Ou6enN08l2jtk7gkkE/95Inm7U5iSf/aU8e7JCh2KbNGpCcSEIkydaL01DvXEug8PPLI05Zn/Oc5yxJgXVGpqRNXwm1XxFxgqoPkOQ43KCTdSdhoisfQ/qkv3IPsh1t9OrwUEZzBGxnL93ow+/5j2+KvckL0KkH6QGqqwzqD/VlrzpylPwO8dEXui7R9pNy7u1D7UVe23ACKzahMT7GyrvZkmt8S8JLiJWSz5/4iZ9YbAOScLKNl4chP7FHvtNrcv3SiYcnhw709emwnxmUUPfANHWWsGszJ8xNPqYPvdGU8GsXhx977Pa/OUowf/cUn7/8xI8+/KSfa4k3Pn/mT/+Zxc6vPiX7v/d771/+W6Q1As0rtuLFD/bwxtZ72PiTqw1viJbOTv2tD2Pe2IbRdl8cCsEcX0DnI9AH4O1aeU20r7AH90yiDSRMgkhJtIXkiVVg6inXovXOtoBg4Vj0Jra+Ft+yuE88THwfLaq3iJwStHEJduiSAQQ84H4uxi28ZCG1eAN91nVHoM+RLPoE0U8Ek2YLnqpue5BcJb78+lT4S6xtDsbX2BlLJzECvE1KgMXbPLBBGD/zwAZBVhsbHoH6Ei59G8vq1RU8Z+LdXAnVV3YdnoPqC/pBfSaPILpz46Zu9qX/xEuAv9InBFOfNdQ2wT0++Y18dfipc8+3yYiHa36lh3s0Su31Dd0bR+0T4hnYtNHjibfreNdfXAjImjih+8opi02zPRvTD13zR/s5jI6OYOoprrkWpyQd2qwBiY75PQ8a0IhxSrGx9QC9CuCAwj8B8dvE3heWzPUOLj9JaOign08M/Y6xxM09HSQP+sA+LSRX3xJF93ww/bIFbEGn7Hr641IUB+wJJdrGGz++ax9Bd443UJ8OoPrKYNJpYy8gR9ucZ/Ul21gYk/4RkMSTT32yYPzorQ46qfZA1Lxt7nRPVg87TpvNBf9Xwk8s+pUNSbaE1H9ddHqNnk/QgeZ8ySq/lWjTjf7GwYMVHclgixNw88cejMb+ai+2/37FV3zlaT588Ob/OD24/df/+n/efOM3/rllvlmD5P7eiddDJz/83qmPE2dzy29ov/Nd73ri96yNjDj+4IPPXL58Cz0gsp1sr8mwG1//TZJudOnVEnLc0zH/T6Rz18Ccn+1gPQ/4fNKsET0E+Oe/a6J9hT24ZxLtAlZBWDAQqNp4LDwoAbMZWLgWPloLruBistuQLJiSbPWCF/4FL9faBEWLQp3S/SVwyUKKRrnGuXD3IPo9wCeIfiKYNFtQsLkTmDJBPjaugN/BpDkHArGAbzyhgGoMBXKl8TJHjLE5IiALwOSZN9qTm6+1Nb9AuqiDzQ/tZAC8GieoLVzXTVjb574xqN/EoOtoKyegSX72hOrO9VkD/4C17BDs6VtbfoPq00e7OteTBqgD7hun1iGoL3St3hhnXzRrFAf0MYbJIltsaF0bT4DPxHjUlt6u06X6+M37WQenvueQLAmE+UtfoI4/6OghEZ0Et4/y1UlEJES9a+1fVv/iL/7ikqx5GKWDBOW5z33ukthIsukRP3ZIAvuEqJNXrxvQB43EiFzrjj4SK0mQOIqWftA1nfOx8gjwzy9KCPI/vATEB8mWB/HiPaADnyobPzB5Tx1m+ywD7fHiu5JW46GNf6D2ZBgDfhWffIIAxC2JIh9LriXbeIhr6esXQYypeSxhvk1Cb3mxl/8lqdqdTjut9umE5K5/gkOXHrQcTEhCzRXjlb/p5bCC79hAZ/LpZ08137TpS38Pe2jsvz7xcGL+/vf/7s1Xf9VX3/xf//2/3zz/Bc9f3pX+0yfdPvyhD58S+j9Y+r///b+39NP/5a94+c2/+3f/7uZl3/my5ScG2e79bCfhv/O/fmfRkU5+d51d4i+d+YsebKGjuSnOa+Mb9vCF5La5FJAdsPNW5h+dZ+rzC+C/PUAPQTGheXFNtK+wBffUqyOCtQlvstsMbA4WnHpBxkdhFpsNwruG3kez8AUqi1MQEsAE3ngJSoIc/gKMgKzeQlNafEqLRakf2iO8FGYf/AHZ5IEjXvXdg4IGiH4imDRbkH53AslMnvFqE1bH/1OvLTBuaAQwvjL+TmHMB0mFf+lrrI2tk56+OCQRMR9sYJJvm5T+ED82pl9BNbvd0w8f88K9zRygqW981nUTwbl79BPokX6g9vxXGeRPdK6n/DXtHqBf94cAn3C2Td3yJx7Tv/GcNIBfp43RQBumfgG62gAexiNeQTKi7QHMdbqEybNBa4PqlOrjt+4L0l09XYsZINo2fYCHe217iN6mLPEyv815vMgy7809CbFTUImwL7b1z7skROa2ROjlL3/5zbd927ctyZlkqCQOD8m3eCg5MW/EVImzE0JJ+pvf/OblVDR9rRuno9YTvfjLSTY+9HPfmgT5CeqfL48AbaU++DWW+Ua5heyQfErOxAB66UsPbcoeltWHQP/4B7VVBuian9rYrmyfMN/orT1wzV/Gz0MP4EP3+nhNRylW8ak5IEGTUEosJZ1k8D8b0sk4ioH0MYaS0ocffngZK/OHDHNVHw9jeElCvVLiVSB9zCWgj4Q6H9C5RFvcZJek1jv6vWJiLnrn3Csg+n74w39482e/4Rtufv2UOH/Lt3zLIuvZX/Dsmy84jcfvnJJrdoE//01//uaNb3zjzYte9KKbt7/tbcs/t/l/Trp88IMfunnWs29f8aTzN33TNy3zWXx3Sm+/BvxAJ8hONmqjE9/TVf16zoCutRkzfcLatUGgvj57CMh2rTQvron2Fbbgnkq0g7mxuTb5LRIgsNoMbCQCleAkQKBH68lX0LVwC4bAYoTuIZ6CCz5KbS3GaPawhboHLVp8yZiLmb7K6rYgeXswdYl+IrhE3yNdLoHksQ/kY7z5WEBCcyRLu4RZ4LdpARsNfsbdw5YHKx+Ham++KLsGgvgce3zXdOr4x/yBZJgH+qxPx0J94jVxD/CoDyATpovr5nnjVRnYZJuzU+bkA450IWfqs9YpVI8m2miSQ5/koo1u0rjmy2hKXJLrXgnQJHtCcwjEe6I6NinTI4w3HYzvbJ9y45O90L0+2tzTVbt79XgmM1pIF3Tqt1ACkc7mqcMFyVJz2mHCj//4jy+JjXo+8FDp9FJi7TRTIieJhj2c0rOk3b2N35px6iixVrqXLHmdxPva7Mg/4qd5D4F467SUTtmKN33yB+CTSwAPgA9wn//pkP+1byFdSrTFejoDfdUrJeAA/8YJaIP4VLcuA3TZiMdMtIE6eqMBeLqmX4k2er5svvTqDl7mgHqJovjmXhIpvvWJrUTXCTF7yJJA+wc47EbvxLjk1K819aVXcyad8Ocrc0E/SaHEFX9AZ/uoeUE/fMnXx7wk1wOck3J9Pcz45ZH/eXooMDck8HRkC7u+/Mtu30HH9wO//4HlJ/z8G/RvPs1dMr74pIf59zVf48Hwjy/+Anz2G7/xG4tsDwOSffqSzQZ+NL78xy6+Inc9X8AsIV2MRVgbH0DX6qPfwoBP3CvZek20r7AF99SrI01a1wJZgVIQdW1RKU1oJzcWhSDjSd0pj8XuCVx/m4MF6rrgaDHCFprF1QaefHKVR6j/ESSDzBZy9ewE6vcgeXswdYl+IrhE3yNdLoHszD7BraDYJo7mSJZ241fCYFzaLGwQToUkF07m3vve9y6bQW1kOX2xKZgvxpb96tOvMaiueQfTmb4Cv3uINozPxDWsx2XyAOmgbP6RW9ssA37In8HkA6eMLeDbNqcAjzC57Nybv/Spj/Zop07KxkAbP0zZ8dYOwbzWll+A+nhPxBegxzME9TGm6qZN9Y+n+nR0L35oU89edfjA7ArVoeff+J9DIBGSUEicxC3JkZNHJ4NiGj5+LeKFL3zh8o61E0EJtlM//J1ol9CJjZIfqN/0MV5OwvHVR2Li1RCJjH7aJXl8zD56W6cSfklRPPHShi866BrwAx9l2xbkp3hVp284dd/CmWiLEY2RfuqV4sXk7RpkAz7qQW2VATr66IOWX9BUl93uAZ6uZ6IN6ChJlMxKGuktmTUWkmr7GF9L1HoFBL2kTUzja2NFln3O65PGTHxzb2zNH6fh5pV4iH+vWpTI042OkmmyAXvYSTcoAXafTPSAj/O1difaDz7zwcXf5iPd1N/Gp5MvTn0+ePLDacSXhwBrgw727+Xh7fTQ+LVf+zU3f/DBP1heTTI38SdTO93J5h8l3uYk+XwC2MkW/gLpqlxf68/WsDbjCNf053ACe9Up6XRNtK+wBffUiXZoQQgIynldm4WsFPQsSotMWSDw+5rQtVNPi9YC178gqT96qF5Qc40OP0FBPWghqdM/PkfQAk6ea9BCD7VBQBYE0btf95lIn2S5Tu8ADZvW/daIBk55QTyzHc1MNGoD6/uSD7RTt2ScQ30AenaR13i7t1kJbP6DpPH1yYbTHIG4hFzwx8uGA/FovvC3eeQaX3Ol5Mh41VfbBPpAbfixC0+Q70I0oBLki3yHDj/6kGtzUw9BcyO/JTPEZ/KCIP22UHty3AO2k1US5V4511/94lFdMOVWjw86JYgHvaOrDtZv6hJNGMQXSjqMm7p841p/vNBY38aanF4r0oeN+uBtbplTxl7ChC8+86ELoDf2Yoc28sjQbrNtw9UuWTU3ezfa9Vvf+tYlwZZso5PgSKIlwV4DEbs8UParE/jSm6ziVfNWwqHONVpJm5NBvzJhbbBVX7bEi+70Yqe1QHd6QJAtUF0+hICvGjN+BJPHOZyg/5wrSjRTxhZICCV4fMbPdNCnNV0c5xe2Gxt2tK715T9xglw+UDbn5nxXn43q8CFLm3v17UnqILlA4qUeevAnU+JLZ4AuXcitzTjpQ3eHSJJo/bW59t9zJef04gvXzQd89Pc6pblsjNXR2/wz5+jYOmCDueBVIvXmHdlAO1vdNxfYiw5P71l/+rHTWvqI3/J+5uL3hx568Objj3xsSaBPBCcbP7Qkw8973nOW7w580RfdHn74r5EdkOFlLOjNlz0Y0JF++RBqpwN70809xDekY33pPeMN0AbBrN8DNMmsr7nDfw7/vvEbv/GJdX+FKwT33KsjTf7um9QmuI3EtToLxyKEwOZj4VmgFq/gI7ly34aixAcPUBLlyV4AbsFYpOSTA1rASvX6uz4C/SfqS/56UeOXTrUlpz57MPmvMXA9dVmj9uyLdl7Pe/rkj3SLBkx9XaODYPLbwzkGSv2N70ye0NhMjLPxhXymzbX5IlHRR2JjjqB1GmK80WibiZQ6OrfRkeF+6u0a0Ek7HuoB2mn/GvLF2h/NgWRO++OdvPonay1Pv3TcgnjAYK0L6D5+637pNmVOfeI5MdragD54Zo+29JibexhMXt0bD8lL6x3wmzpJLSDXfALmy7ofeWglOuKDzV0bfuYIGnqZT320L0mSHJT4opcAOW2UTHitTZIteWeXeSgBcbLsgdH7r5IcJ5qd+gXmJp7QvGYPHuTRje7sQUemgwan4xIrQFdIN/30L9bxhboJ/JHvlXPcgq3xOIItmvgnaw+c2rJVom0PaMzo6pqdEh738XQNjbd2fhPzjdP0KQTTtkp8pi8guXgCPNCWaHtoCoyFdnoZN/3IBmTqh59rNvG9dp94SK7x9CDm2vv6Xhcx7sU6SbVkz56XnXwh9qk3x8xTbb7QKDbSh6weOr3brR/9gnSCoLmWLck2HifSpZ5O1oZ/SS6B1tc72B85JeR0YlOn+PhZQ+jYnF/52X0w75M/2/lPHZzjRTZ+6kH8wwnr+zXUJ1+QYw6x3ZqVaLP7iM8Vnl5wzyTal4AFbWJbPIKBRW5zEzSb7AKGa3VQwu0J3sIWqARXfZRtTIIKtBAtekAGtGDIFISSbZG1kPdA33gE+k1s0aKb7eoKEEC5hcnYw2RsYTadq+8an/TLH+kWDah+CwTHI32MBRo4Ydpis1XiZy7YdI2t8Tfe0EZlrkhqGndQ0I2Xe/3obi7YrNxLirTjkZ3TD9mKj/o9mJsCwAtmZzzoMucbcK9+2r+HR5DeAb5T/9leffbWpv5IVvpEC/kh5Ff85nwCkx5qDybdBH7BU3u+wr+xUwclsOYCenyTjUYJyRQfzBcfYZtfYoUYpM5mqs48wV+bE0fJj3eqvUMruZZc6SOZMT8lPBJrSbV3rX3xEH/19BKz6CMZgdmCP6QTPemAJ9lilrgn1nkNxMf0Yh5aPNHp07xRTiBDHZo9OGq/FI74XKILe/lHgsYHErt8w0/qQPbyoXEQD1xrh/kY3fTpWgfXW8j/+gO8gb3GtQcn44nO/CDPvCmRJbt1QH99IHo6aGebhz7j60HN63Ieopqb5jKUOBtv+oT0kGizC5LfwyOU6DqYct1co2cPeenOvmxsvaDR3z0Z6PBX9uMEHjTYwT7zEr05il5sxUeCbT053CCDH+ge0AkdvoC8WYc/cJ9uYOoN9dmDeCm3MMCPHEhfewWbr4n2Fc7BfZNoz8negrF4TWpowzPpBSCloGIxtPl4d61/wNAJlEAl8FokAZ4tVP3Jc98CVlcAPAK0Eyaf+uOPX7S1JUc7yPbPFPGD59ogmMENVL+GaQdAF39Q/Raw6yigGeP8Aqcs9TYnOtBZu41GImMuAPTG1usk2iQ3AnkJCz5tdjZggKdN0OmMa/1tBuaEuZJuYOoDs30P8Almv/zhmk1sb47Ht3p98FG/hSD+Wxh/1/pUD9hG3qwD63Gd/bYQTF/p0/hB19k7+Ucb0idY6xHgxzd46u/amEPXsHiB1jww9s0h7ca5hAsffcWLHuZL7txLGiS03n92giyxVoevuCMRcTot2fDf7ZTmqFhljtGDXMB+/CVBkhAPkXRjB/0aD3qno2ttZEnufQlO0iS5wtdcpoN+fMaeUHv1oPs9OGq/BPBI1hZeogs/8Y8kzbi55iN+4RPjJznFy1jhJyEyNvzM3+j5EE1jzzd80lijUTf1WyNaNKB1VaLtFBkPMkq0O9jRF9CPbPf6pCM90o09bPRrSx7e9DGnnEw3H0ukxSyQLZCd2ujgVSLyHT6QhR/56LSjxYve9KEXXvkqvcxl887eindry97q5F27eexBgYx+khdf+gJyxWf3+ONtnCC6MF8DOkG06Qbco1UCbfSEriefc4juaKyD/JC+xuuaaF9hC+6rE20LEQoOgqnJbGEIGha14GDjswgsRAvLIhCgBD6LXCCxKND3CkGLS7CA+s0FOhdwi7HFvAczAKwRtBjRtXBnAEk+UG5h7XtA/z0kk1+6hutrQM5sqy5/geq3YPLYQu35Otviqw4KaIK4MTOOEguJkfnghNAJT7Q2A4mQuWCeoEuHaNJfnXlDLl54Z+MEdeERoLGpTMhnyUczfeA+murQ2XiT+5ki+9Ih2yHgl/yPtnsI1NV2hOYzWfUFsx1Yy837QFs6QbYHky5QZy4op0zxgn2uoWt0Hro7UTMfJL+dTpONDh+0YoaTRKWEQV/JiiTDCbZ7fcw5G62fOvNLHi94wQuWZMg8lFizQQzCQ6JIhvkIxbRK63D6gw0l5+Ytf5jzYpok27z2ZTK6sFts8zG29UAG/wLXsLEDyZh1W3DUfgmQQwe8jnAPPIzwl0Tb+LEb7xJYtvOxtatdaWyTzb8w0BfwVWMBgX57QDa+IJ7Gxng71eVjMs0TvI0l/ciE4kJJpj7GH9IF306r2YqveeAkG+/s5A9tDgfoA/AwT+jvgUu8RE8H88NDoDq+MS+Vb3vb25bkfcaqOR50pBdsPoutPp3xGpQ1YAy0Wzu/+qu/uvjEwyhbvT6FP33oxe7444eW/kqywuSD6NTzT753r00J9MnHruOzh9FuYbzRuYb05etron2FLbivEu3AJG5BmfAWmg1IACtgCWoCT20WtcVvoTv1waMNzMZkcQhWAoc2gWYu0LU810eAFtR/HQRcxzObonFf/yOIzx4KTPE/h9oFZbTVra9Bts+6dJ327sHku4Vg+kDdlEcPG4NkycZhLAvaxtrmJPD5aN6Jj7kgMZKUGGPBES0eEG8+EDDxM1fMDRsH0HYO6HfJfCDLnEIXqoP5zrX6fOAe7+lX93NzOofgXP1E9ijb7OCUQ/68D4F6eugPJt81ksPX9QVdN6Zo5vgCfckJtQeTLlDn9AwYu7lZ62tuu5domDOSE+Nrjhhj658PooeSFu9XO0X0O9aum0PaJBbf+q3fevPiF794+WUQ76PiT36njGKKV5gk1/qQQZ5XRyQi/NgYdC0xxId+/OBaYqKkH55imEMFyXW/NIFHrwSYa41B/scf8qd6oB6oO4L67EG8t7DxPNcWTv22wBrmP7ZK7IwX3/EZm9Q1r0qc80O8lfrwVcm468YADz5tHm0hvujwI09pfrn2vx/Q8HuHPCW86kB9exWuvUd/qJ1d+tArfQA/NO/tc2iBOegdaPOETG36S9bpZt6QSU6Jsn8kQ0en8OY2f6QHmfjwo3mspItPcPyOO97mNF7WCHqyvU9uvfnNb/ytEzz7RRG6t1YnZh/Iz/qB/ALUsTka9fXNPuhavfII9yDeeCaT/tdE+wp78IzTRHlyRt/jQNU5gZvosEUoANgYX//61y/vhAlmNimBBp2EC40gInjZHF/60pc+8VNXaCwcUAC08AWugp5ArO4I0BUUCgz4tfjJwhcdvmgKOtrVFYz3IN57kJ/2gP35d+rpuvtsp3c+WOt6pM8luoB4kp08/dRDwU3QB4K+DSofotNXvaRHfz8D+K53vWt5lci9Nhu1TzbMDyXE2waANz4lLXinA2A3GUq67NmkPxn6h9XjkZ3q6Qbzt5JsdejM3TsFyQe+JRf4AvL5L1lsIjvb0hXSt7WyBfwC0ZK3RvX4h+RAbY0zpE9tk24iX/Ex3UqsXacHHsZcooGn36T2QCa5cOLmVNg1Xk4NzQV9nBp7YGsThfxG9/THvySEbHwlH65LusjEm7/NO/XsBHTFA526xkS9ftlEP4m+JFtSUywzx/uEztylM3+ol5Dqmy/h2u/uj+CIRnv+3oLGfA+0H9F4RZCdTkf5srVqfMV4vucL9e7ZT7Y6NEr+5kPXzRuQHfzXuO4B3vrrZz0oHeiYOy972cueGFPzy1hIyJwok4GGHH2Mq0TYfoUeLTQH0ACfrEhe9cWDPPzJN2ccMOnjYc69uSqJlgSbC/zyoz/6o8tJs75852QcnWT4h37oh25e85rXLPRihETagx0/8gV9W/MeMv06jqTdYdXP/MzPLPOSXKfl2vzyDflofBnSb7g/73nPW8bOwyff4cme5jlfNC/ZDvlDu9I4q2vNw+jxqq1xrJ/2O4V44Jtu/G2O+STr1a9+9TK+ZF/hCsF9lWhb+ILiehK3wFpYnqD9VJFg0sepApEA65TCvdMpwVDwEQg8YQsugoDFL7i2IVlM+JOjzsJWdwQCTosRcrUFT0fofm6AM1DMAHG0aOO9BwXzPeAXNBOTD4GSvPQEaOhKZ3AU0Ca/LaBLPmBbMkGyJBM2DuOqXR+yo+d/Qc/mY07YwJzUCIz+G95rX/vaRY+/8Bf+wtJHW9/GtxGYOzYDmwg5eMLsSz+lubk3BuSkZ4h+zgfXgB3ap1/ds7+6PUBz5F/64mM9wXiS3YaKB1vT1T260D3aPah/+qxLgDe6xi6/TFn0qW3ShfjZ3POx8TbO1hdbJbUerK31X/iFX7j52Z/92SVZI8e4W/veoUbDJvHCPOAbvJxMeign23ySeID0zm8lDnSQ7EjYpw36Sl7c69e61L++6shHg6dYJNnR15zXn07q9RXTJPaSNPZIxtHxBR3Q4dN8hfrxGz3pcQnMMTsHZFtzdwpHckAnpR5+PGC45j992U8X/5reuuVL93Nd8Y2xzSfKxqBx0d4rhnuA3rwhGw9gbyFLoq0EDn6Mhb1GkgzIaw5L1ugKycfXuEHzAqDzrjN98TAvepDrAdJcNZfNPXPDb3mbr+IZXhJe8a35aK/0O+1i3b/6V/9qiYF+hg+tecS3rhtfuimtJW2SdEm2T27Y7aH0u7/7u5d46zsydJZ0k2MNoTMu1iV/4MV3kF2QPXwZaiNXW/MWpEvzuLWHJn58Qnd1e6Adjz2YfMmB10T7CkdwXyXagcVpQVhksEmtzsRX59o3/yVUTqv0EVwBGhuTJFuQEBx8k1uA+IEf+IElGAicbUjoLWA81eGv7ggKAPpCrrbg8YDu6dU9/oKKPgUI5dGiRX80jAIb2XuAD1lr1E859SuggWyiK0C3B/wX7RZ02ocvyIcgWTaZToYkHwKeMe69TffGdr7bilbJ7/qwy8ev/kWw1wPQ+qcgNiobRXxsCumQfXixhT7NyT2wcaPht8YsndILJkcd3ur0y371exCvPbDBo2MfJIc+ZJTwuU9fJV+ha7N1j3YPsgngF3YP8gcZtetDVpg+cNKFoATFWEggoETAPDHGEjDJBHsl1t6jlpw3H/WXWElOJCZKevkEpIRNsqLkA7ZD+tBRvbihNLfwNW/ogA8aYB44SfSwX7LHBmsL0E9cci92scNpp7lcHDM3YQ8G7DJP3eNNv8asuUlOtqonUz3dLgF99gBf9uxBY3Wn4CHJuHoHnr38LdnhC68sNB7WsnEWJ/jHCbZ5YFxA88449iAj9tCTr/BQ7gG/mB/KxnCdaENfVqWfT089AJFLp+Y2HdnBLiAW2aOMqfVgTkrW3/CGNyzj7QHRHLVfOSAyl9HOfc0JeK+LeJXE+MDo6PQTP/ETy/0rX/nKm3/+z//5zfd93/ctevFnSbb5hJ7eSj7RzzW92I8v28gz5/CA5oX1Rwb/2nuND931YXvITn7kE2NENlRHh9YK3wF6qG8c9XONRh/0ZBWD9qD+R4AXvo1rvrom2lfYgvsy0Z4qryd0Cww49Xjd6163JFGe4H1UbIEIOoIBENgsFpuWRWtR4+HfG7/kJS9ZTh8EEjxtwtp9BCiQCRQ2PW0CteBioVrYMyiAynMLcNatbcMD7kGBZQ/i1WZfkNCvepuEewFHOfukQxsJWOs6yyM4oqPDmiZ51aMpgE6dC9bsM17uC45dBzZSwd788AU3vx5hfAVOm4jNz+ZiM0eHn7EmqwTGiRdZ5g8Z5oA5ox2dOdJcKTnDR1++xRfSq/k3bbThmLMQvbmnbJNxrW/+ifce0JOM6S996K6/kv02fbRtZuhcozUXrBv1rvVxDeKJlm2utaNjP0h/9+hdAzT45w9246udPGNCN/wkXP5LnlM+iQR6Y+VUz4ZHNt/rIzHBGw1++Z4e6cuHZM8xyO5sqB4d1I4+/wPJBDq2mQdkaifTnDMXSiTIj6fkSkJi/rHrJ3/yJ5ckBj926I+2uYwnnabO2RKkX/XRgEo6AnybG/roW3+ygT7xWpcQfXNBP/z0rUSrPWysk10SzC/6t2bQGH+x2ycS5gWf8I/54KDEP4hxeirhS1++lJh2iotPfK1TctSb62Rnt2u6GSPJuYSKbL+oYZzQm3N0pkP2kCvZp5+T4vR43/vet/CQEJub+NKJDDqwzTUE+VQJ8o0E1xyS1DkQYCs/9F0AvIonzXeIL134Qwyxt9HXP79x2izplgiLdw8//PDygMlHTrh9coD2N3/zN5fXQ+hijRWT6FUCnf/0tWbpQF/+4idzrTmfbWj0NR7iKR31xVcb2uZH48cecpTsBfkPoolO/+Kma7bQL7/gSScyySbTOsQXLTqy3KNv3PBMrz4JkGekzxWuAO7bL0OGa1jXWSAWjUXh2oJq01InUECLyUJSWuwtZoGnkyRBQsAAaPBFQ6aFZhHXD5+uYdB9dWgmrG2b10cw+66RrV2T7R66VkeP7qd+tdUXTVAdnLC+/0zgHI9zsoLaap/6r9tA7caJTcZWgJekCZ6CrDoB06cdku9Ou0BJD5A0aXP600YtYBeUnebYBGewNgfJaSPSd276bQJ4qaOLZIJexkM/qM3cQ0cW/urpFM05NI/bdOrnWj05HirTCZ16epMvIaAPPeg69cUr/ejgWj1c00CAP1RPnmSEPWRJbCCdtPko+pd+6ZeW1wJ6NQwfibRXPSQwEgCJgXdP1UMfn0sg2JndbZDdk1kMoEuoPv+CrpVAXxioN6bFBzKME/+FdHbaqI0/tZcQSmQ8OPiExYaOPv+jz3euAV3IVzf1COgw67tWds1mEO9Jn63k1Wci+gnoQxBNJdTG1/imXzTsbF6bR9YJH7nmD2OuTYIpqfZuMSzBRmtMxWx2WZPmDnn6aSOTPLSS5sZEm2ul+xJ5Y2l8yC8hB9rTO3vcWzvmuzmIFzS29DGXO+jBl07JB3jBIB+hNWckxuKULyGa1+YGvmIQ3fgWr7nOARo6ZV/xxVrnO5/yWCv0+Y7v+I7FXocPbLYmlexG75MEdcbGQ4iHWP7ODnESH/z5zwOJByEl+9lCTzTZi781LMH3MMIe7QG+IXq8m2eTLtA+gT/yqz504BPXAI/8YizRu9fuXt98iDd6tGwyv4yFZJtPknOFK4D7MtHeghaehQgEawlNQc3CFSjUo7MYLCb9LBQLz8KyqND5KNGil2hrt7AEDcFZH3KU6OMHXcNzi38N6boF8dwDOhxBgQLmJ3Wu1WVLCKoP3et3BOjuBaCHMZj6Z19jJFAKnuaBsYU2sRJhG6k2m7G5YXOxiehnTrjGR5C1gdhokkOm/vh1uip5PLf5FbzJ11/fAr9+UD/16NRnm3t8zF9ofmvHZwt9kmNjRK9kC9vYBdDgSy/XbIyGzR4ebPo2R3T8ld+ARMMGJNm2abZpsYEve8hI/+Th36sSPl1w0vbmN795+dkxJ250tf7wlMRIEHx0Dq1zG76TOkgXPoJkKdlg3kOQD7OxNbEHbc6TTn984JQD3DdeQH9+xsP8gOz2KgmbvR4AxR22ai+BSWZyQHK2YK3nGgGdXGdD9aD+5FVf30kH0Eav1B6/eR1dtLWDaVd+Nk/5SLIKvSrxzd/8zct7wpJsSaIHKb7Sxzzp00rIvvRxL76jSY77HpTRQnMf0Kd7NOanvua2OZcMciEbJanG2EOf/sZfQorOOtEPnXtzEy9990A/D5DWg/nBVnqQI65oL07ha51an+YiMIfEFyVbtOlvTVo31ov7Emev2dgzxRN8W0N49OCLVmwzJur4iT54kkEXyb/16tMncRJPOmgzJnRFa67bb30q4WEKP/XamzvNH6Bv86M5E6iDoLk1++LZOKNTjwckU13xCS05tWtTFw/28p15KCax/QpXmHBfvjqyBRaDSS9oBRaDoOcjL5u1sqd+wUNA4QInjgK5xSWoW0AWmSAjoAliPjL0xTmBwMLCu4BtceJpwQog+h65Fi3+ezCDw50AmwoUoCAB6AsBGyDdCz7alO7xOYK7oe8lcIl/C+Ywu7IRuG+cC6zAeNpIlID95pa5owQSTT9lhcb8cRrjRMNHh/iZF3jQA2+bSzD1MBZTJ7L0R1MgV6LDp4QbnTIek0bbHkji6NMGiof+dLV+oE3UZoyuzYNe2uhmI1fq3wNE8zmbSpD4zTpUh77+6ugK+VEio45dNl4JOaCbNci3Tt3Iw6O1mv58jpc1C8hGQzcJQn34lK30bY7kQ7z2QH/0+kO6zhLmmzlOAH/9yfIzamylswcLp9hOEBtv/cWn1ie9IF58WHLWHN2Cac9az/QSx9w3Fq7zSWNJZlD/MKgfTO6kK5bEG81aP3Ka/2wzhnykzRiaE15tMB/MA/MTLb+hbwzNOe1sZB/kezT8jh4/stSbe/rSUR/tknX1QH9JIqSLk13JvT7ok4ufJNUc8I62ezbbe9ghGTOP2U+PbC4h3gK2GPMf/uEfXu6/93u/d/GNfpK8v/gX/+ITsptDeKtTNu/10abeOsFTmznoJ/i84uIViA6mPLRKkNHzB3l8rg+9xYiSdPVk6ccn/KHOWJjLHlLQ6gvQNgfoZUw9xFvjytpBc7M5y3/sUBoztKD5Fwb1h/qYB/RAo4597KGHdjEDXzLQ1K4PO/iSLX1i5qHv+trIFc7B59WJtgXZ4geuLSALRnBWChKevi187RZKSbMFBVrYFpkghIeAqF8BBD8Lz6JKXguyfvjvgcCA951CAWYP2IeuIFVwA+qg9hmcop/t9dmDS/T5XACdp3+zbaIxRGNcjXGbkL7G1fi2odqU1SltCCWWTl5sxvgIvpLu/lugU11yzAc0rvHEwyY3504bhjr0rtHPcSJjjov7ED28BPCwcbcu9CeHvMbPRsSe1g96ya9XbJSSdH5xOqcNj5IYm6SNWuLoJMtprVciJPjq+cW9Nrz4mAy8nJA5oZyvBPjOhDqy+Y+OkMzGyX3+U/In/ZWgPu7ZOv3pvno+2AN0aPIVPrOE+IJJFyTHBp1/fJ/EaZ75Z17wA/+6Nsf0T0f85lir2wP0QfpNBHi4pnd2BOlPXn3W7eGEc7Su8Y+2tu6VJX90cY/G/PLqgS82SgIlNvyDxhi3dl3j3/jjo79YnJ/cJxcdHnxbvNbHfNKGJ97mFL2sBdf64Ce51BetEmrTBz8n2uliztOvtYPWegF0bv/ZAjrbv7y7L+b8pb/0l5Z6fMkrvvAVWnLbo1xnMxvYAiTOPinq37rTWUKMhn58QV88AXvpXIxkFxloG9eugWs05OPNd2i0R689fmjIzBfa8KB7fbIjWUp1Shiomxifrte8jZtrsvGhM0Cnnh+bb2jEcO/Ie8DxSy781lqFV7hC8Hl1om1BWASCBLMEJRO/yS+5dmrk10i8/+jJ3+ZugegriChLpgVDi8miEswkDxICJ9oCqI/DBHx16MnDA1ikXW8Bneh2BEeL9pKFLYAJEhCws2BG14KKwDODF3ptBSF8juBIl7sFR1OXHnRHB7MrGwG7jJ0xb9MTUJsz+UEdnxnj5obSnGrjNT8kThLINlV84qcvOvTqbHYlFfEA09dksoE8G56N30kzfvpA7fmcvvoo9yAZaMmhK5/gm07ayQKuyUbrmq/4jE546M8+NK0DNNYXVKcv/tYUndVJEPpnL2yht370s47RNS4lPWSp105P40B3/IB7QB4dtaGHrumrJIM++SEf1H8L8G1eQPSzDNFZY64bL8Ae/oHFIbpDOnrwZ1e66O+aftC9+VOcU7cH+gb6Tj2ztXHlk+ZGcyl/kQmaW8owWPMHk04bG2sDeCcDmn/a+Y7fPNRKsn2i6FMjfuRD/NC45rs51vqZK/yIThvabGNvc5RO2iWd6ltT6NU3L7p3Ui2pVbq3BloHZPFTY+pE2z0e9h4y1yfaAA0Ze0An/X/kR35k8cPf//t/f9HVSblXLXzC5hNXX+KnK5nK/N7YilNOoaE+vQpDB3shf7vPPv4iR0lHJf/izX8eCsVB87Fx4Xe+hPTwYECOB3N8W7fa9UFDPj7es0cruacHmekO9QP8RwclnQLXYffNFT7EA0+y1WlXpw2wGX3rFX/2ilv0MfYe+H0i5RNM89KcpRdelVe4QvB5lWi3mFpIFq8Jb5Goc22Re3L3j0u8/9lPQUlkLCyLxEJz3YYnEEg4nMRpR2thCZbemZMkOIVDa1EW4CzkPaAPve4ULlnY+aVgUpAC6vmIz0K+TL+Ck/sjm8CRLncLLpm6a13qM0v28iFkq5J/jDt7BVbzQaDlJ+PcWNsQ+MacAPqitWno6+NYJ1ASKpuY+Wejm0mVeg9reNv88jMaY2TDMb9sruaWeagvGWS51iebLpkP+klc6WKzJw8fm2UJLlnmfT6iexupNaIf29VBMvmIPU5rbditIX3QWjdoyG+ttJ7Q0IkPADq2V9+6ihd5jZM2dfgq6YtWiY49/OJeHzzU8bl29uMB1O9BOoD8XDkhOXRiH1l0ZR+/v/vd715O+oFETXtzkJ504jt1wD0EaI0/aB1vAV4BPZsfXQM83PNdvqU7G7KDPOVEvJVBPEP3aPI73o2FNqA/+Y2XecVPbDfnffHOiaE1gEZCjI4P+BYvfjEnjSE5QNJm/pCpXh/XAH/06oC1Zl3hgycd8cEbiAHGDc+S+uSZpx4mk0vvvtfjC4vFAom2eSxBk0yyBT+QzD3gL/Pmx37sx5YDnr/39/7eYp/X15xK+xTNevOThtYftJbp4dNYfpMo+icy+Fh3EkbJr2v68wFkT75S39gErtXrL0aQJWk3JuzgF34wlvzj4MHpr3hoTPmuOWYslHTyQOWgAq1PBvFCB+kDG5P0UurffFI2v6IFdMIPzjmHTh1a9+iAuuxkizXKHu1+ys9DDVvopB96Yz1lXuEK4PMq0QbMsXCBxdG9yW8hWFSCjQ3OrxdItgWBudlDtC00i6j+AoSAK6BAgc3JtmRbcJBkoLMY02ML1oHgHFwyPBY6XnvADnR0A4JHAUo9W9iJDqrHsz7JaKPfgyNd7hYc+UY7W0C+Vqafks1wbnQF8Pqqt2Gh75SHP4wxWpuNTQa9QNvGy6dA2cZckkkXm67XBbxi4tUBQdz80Y5Xm78yHczRdA3pxdbGk7yjeaUfeb1zqa+xZZ86beTRwzuaTm2U5rrN0Lynvw2cPGvNpk8/1+mFl4cROod8BxofGzV/k0dv19r07wSJXL5Fz+/qlXjpB/myhBYPNuFBl2TGG6CDoEQNPR33QP9w3tOt69YJ2XQq2RJrJEY++ZB0iCUesmzYbDcW6Ygf/dK/ealNXbqj24PZzr65Dpon+Yoc6Joc9RCP4mm6VXYN4jF9rr3xII/eyrB2/kHDL8bAJ4cOMiSVkpxojTs5zSf1+rUegXZJrLiORpvxFZN72DXH9aWn9u6tXWOGhzp8tBsbc74xAvqSSQbdgLE2zuZoiTZw8qw/e3poxlu/bNkD6wuvf/bP/tlixw/+4A8u66KHUfPfL/FYT16v8UoDOdZfv5xELzrrwzcehiF72WE+Wm900o4O0JXN6lsr+igdOHmwQMu3dBEf6MgHEI1Td58E04eP+Vp//sRfbPRJgDG3P4ur/A+aT1A/QN/mFb2MV4gGzjr6tJ7oWF9t6qKZazcatjmVVzrB71NtPkDDDvTNbbyucIXg8y7RtuAsXAvS5gvcWwg2ioKee4HnLW95y/KEr58+LUaLRYAQGF17Yu9J3BO30xVBS2CwwCTZvgnvnVLJEh4WKFB2TYZFyO3QNdmgBdqQdF07mG3BDD5boB86uoJ0Uq8OCjBkqUtOfdK7ILQHU7fPJqTjFrCFvnQH9HI979HkB6Xxh2wWVKFgbxO08dQHqDcf1NucbC5QnY1H8o2PTcZ8sREaJ3X4mY8lpYB8c86GE0g6/KSdvpJW85F++ITZ0KbAvqP5gK+1QDe/3uAUzKadfWRYP/ipg+xyj7eNEUqA0NLbOmsOoU8H1+xlpzZ84gXI4Qf0bMi+6tzzAVnWoE2abP5XWmt4SBJsfO7zhf7k8glaNIBO6tECbcktRmyBvvlcCcwfMpXa6YY3ffDjF3PCr0X4splP0iRc/OBEUVLBh/TDlz100Z7vQDKyC7QOyJ1QfTpqD/XvGtBPXeujerpkp/HAE7qHXVevH73yuXvt9IZk8EtzdLbzPz2sJUnMS1/60uU0m3yxVlJq/PlKsqaPtvqRj7c1y+/Wi+SI//gWD35X6q/0gNscoIexsv70p6N+nzrx/mOPJ983J5d+9GO3D6Zo1Rlruuj/zJNNzz75yVjTS6L9rBP/B08o0ZaIelAVD5qP6T3HM/9XAn3tWeaQ9ep3tNlIR2PDBx7anW7T3dzRzmbzqQflfpGHTH341YMHfdhjfenLPvLJhcaLb/ACdHePB1p+WHxwkg3ZYyz5Hz9jIUbogw7vxp0/2UE2mh7k8wWMLwTk4gP1B+iaV5Uh+uYl0Eff5iRZZFYH6K2+746Yj74rUsxi9wS2TBlXuAL4vEu0nwpYFIKff8XtY70Wp4Vi4blHY+FZ+DZEdQVwpQAlWKC36CQDTv+ccL/qVa9a5Ai6ntC142GBCioWPnn4WPT6olEPLGby0GoPwTroHAE6dhhuJZi2uhZoj+CS6ULnPbgbPMARDT8K2saKDwV9QZ7NbKUHvxzxQV/g3YIjm7SvkyZjqR7vxkBd40QvtPqYM0o2sQVo1we6DuO7B2RA/ODUJb6XzAd0e5AeR+WlgD7/rPESXVo/W5AP96AHKw9SZJpfxq9Ew6b83ve+dzmZ8wCu3gP961//+uXjcO/o+tjZw07y8vm8p6/Ysgf1KxbkA3qU/OED1jK6BuIYOnbA1kX9lfHegmTqi0frZvJQL665N++sCUCWhE8C7L3mb/3Wb13ioTmfHfq6d20N4OPaPM0e4yuGGhMJpy/Sqmffv/k3/+bGPwBC6xc7vv/7v39JmuqPtz7+Rb9PO43PA6f6P/54zMD7wx++/UTrT/yJr7z5s3/2z53G988sdjit/eQnbr9I+OhJJ31dv+AFL7jV95GPL0mwRE7Cpg3oSzaw17CVHD6kD5u140EH1/5NOj8pfeJlvinNM7bi06skXlFRspfPJdIzjrS/4ZscOiR3C7TZE60D107R6df4l4xrI0vclZiXQOMP6Avzg73QuJsL1hmdtevDL+Kgvuywr0rMyRLntTfPJqoD5gVe5FRHV/X4mgcOzhyq4W8MjSsZL37xi5d/PuRB5QpXeKrwtE60gQX+jne8Y3mPVnDy/raFaLH5SM1CtaFa+Ba0egHAwizRtsgFrBJiCxPdX/7Lf3l5t1AgFNzw008fCxi9ExqnBUC/ggq9BC70ggG+IVAXXgLoZvBhI1lkQO1suBuA9x5cMuWOeIAjGkGfj0u0bUROuwTqEm0+OAK+OaI7skn7UaLNHno1RoBsbVA/fYwTWqjvLMNLAC8+anNPl/jR5QgukZVv1j7aqt8DtHyjXCOd9wBNft2DI5usT4mDecVHTkabW9a6cTJe1rkHbCeQ1rukxAbuYRudfo3XevwgaL1vQb4wT0KgX4h3vply5nUn/TMeqI+/Mt5bgEbcQtecxaP+sHk8ryWJYiyf+oRFcupE273+1o05mm76isGSO2gc+BSdT368zuTUFo9/+k//6c0/+kf/aNHpb//tv33zQz/0Q0t9Ohk//fDLPm3iBf88+MzTWn2c9kMf+uBpf/it5Sfw/NMYsox7BzDit0OW0+XNb/3Wby88n/e8557sfNbNo59+bDmNXifa5Oubr9mpJHsm2sbxVocP3fyH//Aflvt/8S/+xZJE8wkb7BX60IluXlHyPjgaJ+v2qcaVXDbORJtMfOmQ3D2QoLLRA4T9zsm5+U0PvPnDfEBDFz9/52DLiT4dycWD/nxuPdCXfz2Ier0Kj/zBdrTG1qfK+ODL59rQNa5zzrlmi/2X//nKffOPvfSNxl6Pn3bz0Sm2T6rZyL9XuMJThc+rn/e7FFqAFi+0uDxFCxACjcVocVpo0bcwlYKH9yp7EhYMbLIWrf4WrcX6cz/3c0ubwKodH7y1S9o93Qt0+uhrEZNb4kOWwAjVhyDd4SWA15qHuni4JvcI0B3BJTRHcDfkZGu+N24zsOuf/1xvYf65U+BfY5nMOQ5t8mjoavyVUB2kv/niWnsYnWtt+Fa3hUAZj3w17VZ/pxDfeAdTzlMFvM7Bpbym7HN4BB6wrVXr16btdFFskCRIDiUI1rckwJeuvR8rmTQPxQ3JCN9KfPINWNu1ZeeExi/Qx7jOOTJh8nQdomd78WbO+WjUTz+tEZCtb3yqD/Bp/nWIwH98WpLtlRp+5FP6m/PmPr7pKqkTW/GQWDvdBPoZE59Q/q2/9beW10z+4T/8h8sXB51K6iOJQkMPhxzGBko+xWf6dPjxgd//wGk8b392Eb2x+8qv/IpTovwnT4nXnzzF9q858fvw0l9cIf/RRz91esj6wGI7+eyg+/t/7/2LHXToIYJ9+Vr/ea2fMh+KXfr5XpFEs3/vLvHkE3rzhYTVyawSvfkosfcw4+EvOc0RPnUPQffJPQfa8O69aw+T9jljxY/2VNdkkSvJthb6JMdaYB9ZdLAnssMDjP9K+eu//utPvFpljnTQBfHzjrRXPpWS9nSamA3NRfqmH73oYDzpgEfzAo0x8osi5qMvPhrHORZXuMJTgadlom1hW1AWXAFGYPAxGyxRdsqjtMAEKjT69c6bwGsBW7AFT8FQnQWpTvB7+9vfvnyUrN5mYrMFFjfesGBs0QMbORkFo4kgveElsOYBC0bQtcC7B2guCTSX0BzB3ZRjfNg2E20w7el6D+8U6GAONGbGAODdnFHXeHQftinC4Jxe2s3NPQRd46tMZnNC/RFMXc7B1Ldy2ud60lwCW7TnfDGh9mSfw0sgn4kNEiz9rGsnXhIdX0jz6ZiEwubNRhu69Wyc6W8uiD/TlkvlT6g/vs2t+Gjb89VsY5O+1sZ6jmpTatNvC6PXPz7rNmtQyR/aJdjirNgqGfMJoL7ooAQXuo6HRKhTZPc+HcBPsuc1wLe+9a1L29/9u393+d6Mk0+n3pJyvONhDPUVp+nCTjFZMmrc7AMfOz0M/eGHb78gbGy1qT9pcuLlFQbfY5Cw3j6o4PmHf3j7M5Tkfc1Jzz/2x7745hknf9oL2DET7fzuWqk//YA66F69vUfybF6x36svHubMQfI8+PFjDzDAaS9b+Vbsc7psT8GPLkqQ/GBebwF9JNdOtD1k0o1sY8F/5rt5TlcPPr6c6aHT6xceMouHxoRu9lVJrQcJ76A7lbcPoitJdu1TYGPtlNkn0MaWH/NXtijxh671ZbM28tpfAw9X/Gkt+41yCb+5gy5+8ApXeKrwtD3RLnAD15IxKAkuGAuoAoYFqs4is9gFGJus4NZmqT0awUu9foKOjcSTvwDp5MXGYYE7RU+uhV/wA9oFGQu8jS4E6sNLoL7xAnSdPAq6W6DfJfLuRjC6hMcRTXYag4JsifYMzOi63sM7BToI+vlwjkMbgrauw2Tnf/rXFr0yZNt6zqwRoDHmc07Eg8xL5kP9tmDyzo9wypk0l8AWLV5HMHU4h5eAdWl9iw10t9GbYxIFP9nnpxydOFrn5ptkThLkGug748+UvdbhSCftzQUxo7kRz3P8qlvTGI94VdcYw+LbHvLHmg8M2K69T/OctqKThEkG+bFDEOtFaR6ikcTp617y417/n//5n795wxvesCSyTjhf9KIXLYmad+R7z5sOzTd2FF+VdJ56q6eHhPjLT/2/5I/f/nQnveiMFjQPnXaK4drsC14xofuXfMmX3nzNKRH9iq/4ypvHTrQSYuOOLwTJzXf6tSYBGe71Q8dmr1ZIan1ZVD356CWKElj7kvZ8K3mUEJuv+R/fZLlGp/6pAD85XZb4OkE3z/HDl31042sPKRJ+ybGE3Os+7NBGb33oZe+lq1c1fEmVXer5hu/1IZMfHYixT1LM3gmN9UR1/MNO61Ad3vyVT8wF6J8iSbQ9IKAtwY/XFa7wVOFpmWgXIC1aC8+9BeQaCs4FT202TMFBINfu5EpABe71FTQK3AUxG7CAgMZJCB6CBD6dbuAlgOjn3qIv+FUKEsoQtOgvXfj6CWqTB8A7pHPt5xDNJfLQ3SlcwuOIJr1tyvm2MefbAJ8jvBvAv80XQDeAf/Whe3PK9dSjtjXtLNnW3NnDNrk29TV/+h7BnFNbOPknoxLG41LYosXzCJK9heBIF+OCtiTa2pUYvOlNb1o+8vaAbp6hwQu9OSh5Q8uvEof4wLVPqj8CtM0VZWNXX2X2TBnxnxiv2vWDjU82bSFAG594Taid7yRI4qJEzfdZJE2SQb6pr5JcsdipJjvN2ZJ0nxyIz/o6DfUldAlSr/bRG60x0Q8/PPAWDySk9CjhEidaP8ZJ3cc/9vHb/qd7vyDyxSc9Og3Fy+sjX/RFX3zi8ZGbD/7BB28+eqJ96KHb/83wVV91+xv5nzrxE/PxVD9PtPOf62Q3ZsA9vfSlB5v5xJft6U9H9fTBl43u+ZJsia7XINRrB3hBvEH+bhyn/C0onkpgzW33+Rdv1/gYB7pYK3xtvyN32o7WONl76ctHbABom3uu2WnM7a/mCsAriGfX2VWyTj+6dlimr/nl9FqC7QHNvkyn+Lie91e4wlOBp2WiDSwYC9YihNVZ3Badj+Cg4GBhCiZOpl0LXhanAIKHfuoFX30tSO2Cmo8ufRzqBEewlGg7BVAWHNHqX/BJH8FAoNKmDEF6R3sE+K550DsergXHPYj+CNDdKVzC44iGnewu0RbIG3O+1o7HEd4taPPJh3McCuL0re6c/Flf27wGjfWkWyOaiUD9U5kPoL5bEP/kxh/mi8biUtiixX8Pkp8u5xDvI13oa8MWHyQAEj6vizjNtnmLGW3UJW6uxQslvzYXyZw+mZg+R4AO1Afk98bnnJz8r23dHsSDHiU7WwjQ4StmrXkBbUA8hU4+vQIgQdYmxiaLf5T8Jq4q+U6S5cvraLV7l9e/6MfDWqcvuXRSutcPdi32QjR0Jds4GS9xV1JGv4985KM3j5yuP/nJ2y8GP3CiY+onPvHkay1f+IW3D1D6375C4nTU72JLfH0x/k/efPIks8MVNs9EOx91z/50V7qvnm5+6hJ813d91/I6Cxp887u5ZR5CB0b2Gr9+gwas/aG/vtB1NEeAHx3xIVefeNBVm1IdGmNF//a8YNIa42iUAK17fNC452s+vPX5H/1UDtBhIv50bJyMb3Ls515n8TBiv5bAx7d+0zdXuMJThaftqyMWUdBCVAoISotLQLQIbZol14KXAB9YrE5DBB2LVqAA7p3U+He4NgHX2tSjt9A9TfuIGQ8biUAEbRYFLroUYEJA3/ASKEBNHtldEJk+2QK0R4DXncIlPI5o2AtLtPm8gM1Wfrgbul4K5hbZjdkch/xqk1zr5T5bXHffdbBu24NoJm3zKR3pewT670H82RMmB7o3Fkd8JmzZNn12DpJ/BEe+k6D1UC3RcYrtHVTrWJwQN5zwWcPWszkHzEHjy958vIfgSBd+a91GW53xU659vsb8Mu8Bfng1hmw5ArR4sG/O9cADCr08nPCHJNsX5NA69QTpEo+QDmj43JfmnEBKrn1/Jr7Ghp6dmrrGyzXdso1sdU5OxWU01WUvfqhvbXB/e5K+JNinJJwsp9wfO8UV9OaEd7bz08c//sjNs0/XYr+f/JNomyPrRDt7zZege3ans2vglzvsIa94xSuW/YjcxlqM4yN7VCfa5PKV/YbOgL7TJ3iT6VobPAJ96cGHnWrrp54P8MeTTh4+JfxK/mObNrRQP+uJ3nT26W9xG2hvbyXLwRVblOw6py9bJpaY00dpHPjFQZjXVXwqoq71iudaR4DXFa7wVOBpe6Ld4rFoLKACmkXmXps6i99HkU5NLEKLVKAQvApmFvwM0kC/V77ylcs7aYKKIOE9OQsbP4HIR2TeW8NHXzwELgGmDQDQJ97ngqG69M8uUB98XEcP4lMJBOtJU71y4h5cQgOmnHOQfVNufGuje/dBbRP5v42ozUw9WPM/h9EB/owviCafbwF6NHSeeuvbGLhvYwHJ0S+5WxBtNOm1hWu69EoXSKYyuqC+ymgn3aQNqs921+kbPzDvo6/POZh8YX1dqw+iiR5Em8zGB0iI3Fs7xQRtEjhrzXzyTrYk2xedbfYSKohOnFBay/qbez1g44WvuZgu6ZX89DmCNV33ynAmUdP2aMOpQ3SzvQRkC/DTL3nAfJ5xRdzjK99Xkdh4N9tpouRJciUR43v0aGc/PvQFOd930Vdy5BBEXAZiscRTH3X1pQOedGo8XdNL7JY8K4vjIDuUn37s8S+vnuiM3/IwfKLBy2skZNLN3Hjw1OfUaZFtn/A73F/3dX9qaf/9U7zXn41QHRpy+FcZuA7neKD36og6+4vv/NCNTuwq1pNjvvEP/fyeONuyi36wcU+GOqX6ID/Wp37kmt/k9OqIvjB/u6YTvb0WouSneKKxDuiuj3GzH9o/jYf+7DH+aIFrsiXOZC9jc+rLLm2Nr37qtUNteJt/9PZ79v5Zl0TbvswGffBJp+Szl874pscVrnApPC0TbYvHQoLrhaOtAOfa4lJapDYEP2XkHS6nCgKYvoKCdoseeiL3ZRyn2cAmYsELNBa3/gKfYGvhe7+z39v1RReL2rvdku10s9iBxU8nQUjwyBb1oMCiXrB17eNDgRjgx7Zpd4EzGfpqU+aL+hRwtnD23cJ47AG9QXrO8dBGV3aDZGfDtIVf4jXpwdRpD8gH8cXPNcg36tLjHE6ojtx8VX36uCYD1j/6xqK+9Q+q28P4tA5gPgZkqpv6gamX+iW5eJyu/mucutY/P8Jkr23WJ93UgclPn4noSpSsR/fxRN/aCekQpgsa/WzG1pIN2YauHrqXOPjSVv/YxEmdtQrRkJ2N1h10nT1K8vFNP6V6gLZ1jN/05RbqqwSuYTonD6QX3mRM/QBaOkL8pp9A1+cQsD2d8RX7xCpyjRHwXrH6v/JX/sry5UXt+ki0JYZ8j1ZcBXhKwPQRdx1y+Gk7H/GDZBsXdMrmATvJzhb39FK6z8+NAchHS90pyVY+drpHB70eovT6SLzoK97+/gd+/yT7E6d18YULb9dO3L2jTX+2ufdAJun0GqE1pG+y53gq8eYffqAXH+BjfzH32EsH+qNBz0e+oIi3f5LkwAdN8w/vMLkQqMsXSlg7bLzppA0/99F1jQ99lNE2r/SB6umfnXR0XZkuycEPPTRv+BiSq836VKI3Nmj41rW9FuLjy5m+9Oh1EftwQB8yA9eth3x3hSs8VXjanmgfgWBR8BIAQAtQCSXUPrpybQELbq4FNU/KFrC+goDTFl/8EVwtVpusTQV6kkYnIAqiaAQMOijRCB76qROwJfSCQu9+w4KcgKBf9Oi0s2UPtGfbxAlHPM71WcMRD5AubIinOjbWn51g8pvX+jR2dwpr2ek09XO9h8Yi2nMIpv5bEO0WHLWDbNlDfJRgXQLt6zGY7SBdlHtYP9f5yzXQNn2/BeitWUAv9/pB/MyFPR7oobVmfdqknbwCD9jarE8/H+ckW5KEp4QPPSjxIh9q30Lt5gT9wLS5uvy7B2xK9zUG2a2cPogu/4Tq0NEPui4J2cMJ2aaeHfq751cxz39/FL/EO/zFUInhlCPZ5lvJ+Rvf+MYlsfTPVxwe0HnC1EGZrZDceR8G2rN14mOPnWw/tX3qlFx/8lNO5/vk8o/2JU8Cbvyx9a/YfTnyYx/7+CkWf8HNs06JobgN7QvZ7X6evoN5PYEMcdzP6ZHpy5D6t1fwB9+Zf/YavvI9Atfe0ZaQBmTgkV9A/st3a5h1ZBmrOWdCbca78dFvC6e8dKmcyEYlMB/stR5YlOaST5zZ5+ECuvbgi8YBl8RcvX3ZJwEvfOELl09FWoPpfIUrfDbgmmifgYJsibZFCAUEwcWilUxDr4PYmCXSNgOlYIdO0NUmsAoGoERA4FDvlFzQFQwkzz4axUMA9f62OpuNfgKyPnjfBvvbQOmJveCkXrAjj850qO0ICnoTPxP4TPutoUAdPzZMO9gJZt281i+aO4UpO980J4DrNplziM4mWd9zCKb+WxDtncC5zWyN53Sa9exaj8GkDbJvC9PFNX4h0GZOn+O7Bvq0vmya8Ybp6vocpEt0rvFyL5G2Xn3y9M53vvPmP/2n/7SsdetcWw/b1ir+nbjho/8W6tM6BtWD6vLDHuS7c1h7ZXUgmuSSlc6ADumn70yAzyForOC0QV/Y6aJP7PrNbAm2/tqU6vgbunfS7feXPeSItw8//PBZXYKu17qs9QLRqjPeUJI2Dy8k1d7Prm76JKl+vu+RR24/IcCTzZJsJ8/s+rJT3PaAIa5LAMVy99D9rZxbnmCWIb508x8mQYm2/YBeaMh17bVEaH4q/av524eAJ/muZeIfnoNZ77oDoolzHqGZY3AOm3vpsUYgsW4ftK4cSPlU2Ke/3vFnn3HjS3zQ2Sf1I18ybg45vfarIr4zpd3e3JjS4ZpoX+GzBddE+wxYdIKEha4sGAQWqMXsRNu7Xf6jlaAjCPqijgTZv711oiDICqROYPolE5uEzUWAwNdGLXD4GNVHioKwvv2rXz/K7108AbXEXADFG4+CHl6CqaDTRoTGfYFvD7I7BJUFviMeR+2gALoH6TDlg+6VjcnkN6/RsPsIjvSZss+hdtjGdQ61C/rn+ofgSBcQ7RZcwiOd9pAcJagEU+f1GEy6YNKfwzbjNuiSZFDy0/0e0AUtOJdoQ9dB8tVXWtt4eC3MGvPbztabf3vtRNWG7d56VvbQKxGw/iWH2tQd+ZjM6JIPQe3d70G05xCkR1DbtLuya6DP7HsuuZ0I+C4fq8PPWEDX4pXERtIjdvJZr+ChyRYx071X6vyai08PJFVOIh1KxB9M2wJ15NBljdMuPJTGAX1JduVjj972ce00m31OrtUtQIcTqn/kEb9OcjtXH3jg9sH6gx/8g5vfPe0Jfk/7kU88siTe4jsUq9Gwhzw8siXb0i8Qz+0t9P3e7/3exXfWjPmHFz9q42dov1FKtMl4Qu8TuM4PgKzw3D2YdZLeAI+pJ8CbLrWdwyA9KkNy+MX3mnwCwE4HXH7lx++Ie+h1Mu3B1x5oL5ZE85NDK1+61cda/gf/4B8s7eZx4NoaNteucIXPFlwT7Q0QsCbOYDNBkOsjKhusAIr+NvA+snxhysfPfcQnQW+hC0JAvWCrv5MepzaCmMAoSAoWgoZg4qmdDMEBtiGhV5IpyKQvHkDblg0BW9Cs6Qp64IgHmIHyHF7CIz3Qg/qC2uJTPZjX2tm0B+jXwf0cBlM2rN0mZzz38Fz/iWDK2oJotyCdjvASiDaZytbDXBfxW/OddFvI/8BYoYUAL36rPV22UH/rDjTf9YXxjReYOmjTXz9ojfaRs4ddibZ1aMO2Pm3qdEue/vWD1l26byF50UwdXLMnvkeAdtoysfYJsz2fzzqgD70mb7R7gLZ57nr6tDoHCMAXGcUusaqTVvfk8DH/+dKf1yTETu/U+k994qzECU99JqZvWGI567uvDjSO1rA+SvfqvTbi9RH33sn+lLbH6wMu8y72rR239fpCPw/okORr/7evXfjS3QMaW5MhnncaC/J3WB2QbEq08fLzfvypjY/UNacc5ECHQV4d8eoTX2trTq39kDy4nnfqJnSvf7ZmT5g9RzDHpusJ9kwPFNacPc+XYX0Hyn+QdDrt4ddaRccH7u2VxlJi7d+oe6ffumWXhx3jwIa53shf232FK9wNuCbaO2ABhmAGAiiwQItTELCQ/dyUk2kleom2XyUQHEuUbRI+1hJw9XMvCAqiAomEGy+biyd58gUaX8Byuu10B2/9Pb0LskDCLsAJMAIIRKekY3ZsAT3WNNNebZcEIrRHcKQLnYP8DvRb6zHlzWt0k885QH+JvmiSu5ZNP/NAuYeNwRbG7wii3QKyjvjgsacPWPOZ7bMviG4tN3/NvmvUR4kuyGcBmjXvCfoba+MAmsvxSQ/rAySvcl5Lrq0ln0695S1vWf7roGRFAlgSKImx7uhkDVvP5JdM4ZXO5xCgTz/07tMDoOt6D6I7h7Wvaaa96/r6AHWzjNc5XAN7jAOebOQbSY6ESIxU13iIi5IlciTTDife9a53LfXeq5VQSRrxy2/JzYdrJG/qt25XR35xHD1UB6N79FNobpNv6Kf69A1c+kUS73D7DW2JuXgO8BOvv+qrv2rhKRlnJ4w/f3hdkF1zHOYYda2/vYQeft5Poq2NPDp5yCPHfrFOtEvm8QHJz5ZkJ3Per0Fd/stX02cQTJvOIcCnPukydeJDPmK7a3uiTzr8oIDS2tNm3SndO8GXYPeqiD760oePfHLFxsaUvPx8hSvcbbgm2gdwLiCAAkzBxQK2OTudsFF4xUMwtbj7YoqNG7oX9IBNWl/3AoUgUBLuNRJ8BAm8BRHBU+DGrxMK93TURwBxrey6YHcEM9GeAS8EeO3BpN0CMo70oQso+Ib6rQPilDev0V6ib2O6BfFMbvrXVwmr/0wRJGsPot2C9NmD5sQemltBddN+GCRvLfdcnzXmV8CfIdBOV7oc2WTO2DS71jdeycAnmWv5oXVmA5foOTVzImltSbLp4oEY4mWNWcPWLdmScHqWEK55h8nNLvfoG5cjWyfU/xyC6ctwrU88tkDbJTrRP3DdOPBNiZL4KPErueRDp5AODejKh/wvTvbrEL4Qri3/4Md3je85LIGC7mfZNX3QQdfx1A68OlL7gst4aV+aF13QP3LS2bvcfInPhz98++++3Yv5X/Klt+9h498DG3DvwU5cN4caj/pO5Es8vKNNhhNtPmru5W9tW4k2OrzSe9qqbo2g9gm1AdfRTFr1jdcW5pNzMgJt5g5ebHVtb2WXfdG+af5os1/6ki2UbNs7rU9y2M/X+XbKB9Vf4Qp3G66J9hkQ6C2+ggGYZYuxwKYOvSAGbBwCQO9kCwrunYD52MvJtFdBnO7YXDytw07S8G/D9hGjj78k3YIm3pJsJ9veBbch4UuGoCLRpxNeAg8e9NsLZAF6gDb6rrtn8xFEuwUFuT1gA8CrDSHfFxCTM+XNa/RH+sZ7D+I5ZYOpW/V7iJ5OWxjPI4h2C+hzxCd91zpMtGGDdf3sFyRvLTfbZ/811p4vrSWlOnqaC62HPUDXGmxdxjM95rqG1Yf6+XUCr4q8/e1vX3j5RQNrw4MtXtZW66s1Y/O3kdPXGlTuIVl4sSn9aqOX+iN7A3TTpokAf+CenMqJ8Qjm/eSTXucQXTEHsKV1bPz4jyzJEJQc8aNP8XzBTSzU15dOJYmSbP/MRtzTFy2e4iZILr2mL0NzIV2inWguFOvRV0LtwGn2J6M5odNs7YC9XPPoKRnHB9DPu9of+tCHF1+I176Mx8ZnPHA7H+0JEm0y6IimpHE9LrA50Zwu0fbrGV4t5Bd8yUPLVx5iJNt8h8Z7zRJSdsRvbeutPbdI7h6giQ/a2Tecum9hPkgHoD5wzVZ648cH8a3e2uNDDxNOr31a4lNhfbVN3yjVkeker/Sng7orXOFuwzXRPgMt+hbgBPewxd5irW0uXIvagpco+8KGJ2uLXFD1Gknv1wnEFr6kWtAUKAVFesRbEPYb3PgInPrYcCTaeNIDPX6CjlNxwR3fTuDQ4KNd8CHHBkEGufoXeNclBDMQVT8RZP8WrukrQX0F0DAdgvrShX0FTpAMfabuk0flhPptYXqBeE4+zYM9jD4+weQ3ZX6mGOA3/aAtPde05+CcPukZNj5h/YJkrPtNXLeDKRPgvfbnGvVF32asD/0Au7VLhrVbAyVZ1p314t772L/4i7+4vB+szcOrNuvHHLOmrGv8ycITnU2fvHh3nz1g2jT7A/eNjbr6RreFget4xKcSr/hNrJ7+1QXnrtkEJu8wXdDygfZ4QjL4j2/ERJ8QAP34HfIrP/svm3h6j9sXJtHoL0bhIW4BfLNhjdr0g+mgPj0qyVWKIWEJHHTtFPuZJ5sefOjx0/nTvX7+rToa7257beQkZdFL+6OPnRLDZ558/+lbmX/4kT9c7IMdvuAtzvMXm8TmdF3rnz7of+M3fmPxxbd8y7c8oSvbFl1POikl2vYJCb1PPD0s5je+TQYgY5bA+IHo8mkljH5eK5sPlXvIH+xmz9RLG2CPNWe+KLVZw/ZPOvKjny50gu1XbDxQoMUrXckw7/gZX/VKNBNB5RWucDfhmmifAYvNIm6xB+4nBq7Rt8HULuAJIJ02+8hU4HPiZfEL6t5FfN/73rckzk500ALBEw+Bok3ee9uSdgm7E278SsoFUyfc/acwyQE6106H2EQ/pUCjngz60rHkoEAHZ1CFAH1QHZg0ZOSDc9jGUB91oHbQBjJlAPf6Qjq3Oeavgim6+k+ckCyQ7HOYPWDNa7YfYfTzPpj8juCIpnY885Vrehq/OYZHsKXrmjdcw7m+5yA+AD0982lyZv0WmjPGH4Lmmb5sRgPMF3zdN/+tMcm197H9Rra1KDmxhiQt+kgIrCtrR6I1bU8G0E6X7Fr7Bm321Na9Ul1zF8/ozyEaOOviV5kfQPTppg1Gvwfsymf5OZ0BvniV1BRjancNxD6f4HnA4Xf+Fffw5VcxUbLko380+BojoB1ddmTLLEOQnXRpXOCSKD8eY6Dx7eABVr8k0CdebHrohACtZE9/SbV7Sfci53SvfMbJL9r9e3a+EN/NJXbYA9iln8MSvPVRJpdMfoOu09+nlx4G8w9f0gXQn0zAp+I+v0pKJaDsMl4TkhEGky5/0nGW6TZhi98WlATjST8+Aeoa50r2mS/orEM/HOD9fb9GA71etHxy8Lhsfudv5QT84NTP9do3V7jC3YJrov05gjaXflnESY2E2+buo2qJsoUuMBQElAJOwUNCLcj4iEyA8fGrjwa1CeR4QR8Z6osXufpL9NEJwH15UrDqY+4C9BpmIKXfVjDCG3a9B5Nn/SYCgRecaw/bmKIVUNmy3iTO9Q0vgUvoLqW5BI/gEhp2r/3c+G2N4Rpm/3Mwdd7DzxWYC3P8Z0KgznqQ7HhNwYZuTVgfXufyPvY73vGOJSmRZEO0+OGhv/lmjsV3D5J7DgPXax2n7oD8PdA3XZT6layV6Kqb8s8huco9wCsd1/TpAflUO/nuXSvdi2H6OSQQl3y6J3mSfHYSKXE0Nl4dEaP0DRrjZE0E816sJFNsg+5D9flFCauLV21kulaPz5JYn8roStD1T557dLA2trBP8gvV8Yd5qQ+/JZ88tBCoB3RxMIOXE21zUl90aPQDEniJNr96RceegS6+yjWCeQ2yUdk1WNN9psAe401f6L512jyyt/nFH3skG9nit9S//du/fZkj9tX2yCtc4V6Ea6L9WQQLXzAVoAQMgcNJhidvybYgqE67zd971/4Nu6CiThJt8xFMBR+n1U6tBRZ1kmSnbv02qATb6ygCloRa2ZO/BIEO0DUkQ/BtM8AjvYP1dffn6mf7HrRpgHXf+hfUz7WHfDA3JhtwiRYEbT5beAlcQncpzRFeApfQrf3HH11f0h/EYw8mzy38XEFJ2Bz75kZzAk2ni9aXXwX65V/+5Ztf+7VfW05S1Xs9y+k1+vpbG9B1fPcgu5XhBP3xP6cjUA+OEu0g/vpBdobxnbqsMbl7MHnFL2BDyE/aZ+xTupeUSoocEiglgeok3mKSsdFfAiWuWePxiQef0KU6mB/nPb7oxbiwpNc1OjKnr+IbzDplPJSNkURRDHWPNyzRVsKSRzSSbLEfvxJtfeiSHY0JBOpdK71aI677iTt98UdfP+W5RBtdPCHaxnBd5gNl1xNm3zuBfMqu9jT7G/3ytb0sv/UetocM69cc4oO7ocsVrvDZgmui/VmEGaQEjkBQsJk4NfPFDafbgosndkHUb8cKkugEGSc+fSwmaBagnQYJPjapgpM2mxU+/Qc79b75jh9aSH6JuY0CjeSigFVJf9fdB9MubZXgXGCeMNvjPRFEc6497GFhTUeX9LGBzbY1XgKX0F1Ck05beCkc0W75bo5R5R4cjePkuYXgiM/dAnN/L9HWbj1JeJyYWj9ve9vblnViPdm4vZIlidHXJm/+4CkJMN/wie8enPNDoC/Ed63j1B0cJdrosxkmb+pXe21beAT8l5z4BdkE9xJtfSR/HmbQeY9YnU/6XHstQoItLopt/CBh1Z98yZd+eLmvHh2c18ZPu+voJwK+cY1vNPUH7tW7RxNGh7+E3r1roN59fZVivYSQLQ5P2KtebH8qiTbwjrZ4/9znPneZl+J3Y6FEe5Roo5t91tfTnspz9HcD2O0Aiq6NublgTQL7lfev/bOi5z//+Yst9kI6gvxyhSvcq3BNtD9LIDgJgDaFEkKBrlMWwUGbgGHT8SqI394WbARjH2d7V9Rpm8TZFyGdTDvBliR48pcoCEoSA8FbQHJS1EmQRNprKb4w6bdXBS8yBbVOxelhs6EjXSacC6bkBQXcAreSnQXpPYx3PCYG59omrgPs5J1ONsXZZ42XwCV0d4vmEjjiwwdB45s/gkt0mXzOAR53g8/dAvMuW4G5OueDOS7J9mU0a8xvZEu0zREnqB54JT3WqE2+taqftWLt4EXOXAfnIH+v/UOfEN+1jlN3wJ49SDf90E4+4Rz/LbwE2D35zn7TLn7SznfuXSu7Nwbil2s+Frskon6JySs83rf1n3LZJoaiqb8Yql5Jn1DbvIf6wHzc9Xrs9DUH8HQNo4u3dnOmJHvyUgfySX6pHa3v1xgHr+2Jv2I1cM9feB7Nh67tC+L38573vKWvZL12/Vx7oBT/zXX7h+SUnvEA5EyY99N/IJuSAdf9PxPApzmstO58yuThwByhty86eqiwP7IHLf3sZ8bmeqJ9hXsdron2ZxEEjTZBgaAgLTgWHApYTpMlyYKKb1Hr43USH2d7ZUSybCPSH52g3bfXgeAqMEnIPfX76Sclmf/lv/yXm//23/7b8rOC+DnpoJeE3Ul5mx5IpwlTT/Kro2PYPT2i2YNkxHticK5tIlnRJbe6kg72zz5rvAQuobuEhv/28FI4kpUPjIfNayZaybpU30sgnufwcwnGP1sBP9CBreokJxIen+L4fWy/LuLaepNoS+rcz4RKPzz5sesSsT1Amx7B2i/iwFrH+sx5vAf6zbHsPl5z7PfwEsgf4ew3bdtLtMVEiJd7+km0+Vec89qcVyIcKBgHCaMEmCxjog7/xgiPcN4XC8JZH9amHxkwHrUr3WuT8CvZks3xAtOX9YXozC/XYm+vDwKJtlhMBh/ohx6f/AzU85U2n8B4WBHf+YKP8I7edYn2PNFm2+RXiSec1/RRguwK8VDG406ADD7tBF7yrHToYy982ctetiTYfJbuZPOVA6b5KewVrnCvwjXR/ixBwUBwLBC478l9BgcBS6BRCjASYB9h22ycdgt6kmX/YVLCLWmWFDgVkbA7/ZaUC9o2MXwkz06JXDvRIFOgcvoh8EKBWPClIz4C9FbQUl8A7j7ENzvJi2YL6jevJ27Vr7GNwzXdyU129qJZ95t4CVxCdwkN37SRnUNwN2TFi/1hQAc467YgPnsw9T+Hn0swB8zDbMvf/KVOu0943vnOd9685z3vWdZc6wSddWJ9SF7wUTaP4gPMMbz3YL3G88dEsWCt49Qd0GMP0DXvXccvwPcSnH22gP/SEeoXZBPcS7T5V4xiF/t7BYDvfUKHpxNtCSJaY6QfemWJtuTMvb6h++q6tv5LoJVhdEDbpFPPj0p6K8mFrvNZNPHL9+qmfKVfCNGfnSXaeEiIzRV9lPHQlp+B+vzo1F+CKdHWRxzXP3rX+EpYHcasE23t+CULdl8dnSekT7ZDfO4U8PAAQzeJsweS/rOyT3k9GPcgYs/ja7KP1sUVrnAvwTXR/ixCAUlwmIFQncAicCgFEptHGzwUjCXbAo3gJ0HQTzDyhchOKyQKkmQB1Xt/oI/UnHbr7/02ciQUZAj2/ukBdO2kT+AXYCecu8c3u7KHvt2zcx2kzwH6yjVu1U8EbRzu+ci90n0J0tT3HF4Cl9BdQsM3fLiFgM5HcCRr8mo+6TM30kvkxGcLtMdvC8m9xDd3A/iXrdmWbuSrk8i9+c1vvnn3u9+9rB8PseZ+p3/6W4slgNaVeYQHXgCf/LgH+mX39Ef3gJy1jlN3wJ49ML9LALf0agz2MJ32gIx0hPoF2Qf3Em26unYi6ySbnyWEPq2TWItnPmEQ59xD9CVbYqlra33a3PWsQ6OPsiQ6VI+GDfrEWxkPcqHrmWizx7jUVqLoXvvklyyJIzpJb7EdfKaJNv/5F+P68B8ZrumF116ijRcavEJ1yYbag+ZIiIdy0nymQG/IHg8jL3rRi5YHLZ/M2s+sQe2gPZJsdfk8fa5whXsVron2ZxFa/DM4zTpBseA4g4VSvVMLybITbkmBRFlC0O9l+4Kj99nQ26AkDTYuvARB6Frd13/91y8JdwFeEPblS1+W9DqJd7gFL+93C84CnE3O5kK/HgIERGATgYCuYQGb3C2kFxp6Q/eCJizYk9UGkC1QXf1cg0q886f2eAWuYfVKoF88t/CIBq/4biHd8sE5nPPgThB0Te7UDZBxib6T5zkE6PZgix9bQ/fTD+fQXItHde7NWW2SGPPZWrFOmmPWhHVkLvuSse88tLGXEGp3L4FrjALX0ZFXsuW6OZkfoy0pXPuY7vGE1ljXEKCPP9DHvbVR4rZun77ER12yogPpkU7pl8yuZ594TTndx29CdsQPXfD/t3dnv7tlVf3vv7+L3/kDjsn53SAEQtGFRtqigKKpohNEpPkh0Qu9McaEGy+99dZLY0zUKyURExABabXoG4ueoihaG4hNTH4m/gnH18p515kunw5q7+3etccnGVlrzTnmmGPONZ85P2s881mPsvR986YdyJTr2mUe8jYJwQHpytemfMwHQQrXKyrDlv53z7Pd/aCT/+yyBfLrV1I/OrruAcG9VcZ1BLsHMqhfRO2107jyzaSHil4rKUBizMnnI7DBv8YyX9StvnXuRdLt0Uae3/SmN231yNcfyqmbT4ItHizV63MhUlwbyCHUL6Be9YNj41o+H9my5rjmNx19oB35C9rhmuhjbSZsgHUJufbnRIi2HyTrm/qZfbaJa8c1LRkMbmYM0b4BMDEkYZ0sDqF8E5Tojqf7Itiu5Zts/V2xvde+YjXRERMamLBMdAi5dDb8oFL02gRsMjMpm4htSTFZ5xP7yrCBqJtMTep0mvSVZ5+NdZGiq/wxkQ9NpMpU3rV0AtJJZbLBx9JC6Y4rKrNPh0P6e9C5BGs9h6S6jgmc0yGXYNXrvkA29Ok5XOJv9+yYrDrgyO5q230k+XlMKpstaWtZ49XRePS5QUqKmCLZ3/zmN7dvhnogVY4958ZyNtl3JPLZddRnbOdHOpVZdX0GpQf5q9BpjLteUbn0+NlnoDzpCTvr9VpPElaf1nP212vY21htH0J57JC9btfq0k+2vqVvXkG+/MDPHEdHnjohotw1ouc6sFE/JeXnTzqJa37sy0lf4Z5HfvW1/PytDv51zx2RSToe+jxQmC8FNeRJM4dXL5sIqnP5jtoZQa3NfNUntj2x/7a3vW0j1NIi7PSVF9GWpy7zuz+s4U/+KhP27QX+pKP+xpjy+kL/sx2x1kd8sg7pF2mtDyCtPpHn3vvxMYKNbLe2aSOs9349B9el5eNgcDNjiPZNjiYUZMBkJLJtYjLJIRD2Z/sBFzJtGwhdUT1EGqEAE6lJ18THhqgBsk3PAmASNDGLkvsKly1pyvf1LphMkW12TLDqsjDQbYFQ1yWTn7KRkvQdpTWpg4m9haC+SJrETyH7p+QcLtGpLaek/jkmQO9GQH37fjgkl+BQuSQcS4fGjnt9TBoXyq59lj2Lt29/PHwiAca4a1E9r4xDTnz7A0XMQH+3uBvfbErLdvfOdT6qS5ny86FzWH07JnSSkA3HPgdrmdIT13udvcBaR1h18heyt7d7CbKzl8Bncw7R3+6FMsigH3mLaNORp5w842OdX6DoLDgS94ZO4h7XBvnSsmXOkuY+lqbOymbTOd2i12ypR/2unUc8nYP0CKdxaNuG9ppX6RqX5mHjSB3dx8q7jqg6h3xHqP1eh/5b3vKWbc6Xzq45ueAKUuvbT+uEzwSiTUd99UmQtkefD3oJaFvzvTbwRz0INDt8IOnWR7XNmiLY87SnPW0j2b5BbS0h9UU+7n0dDG5FDNG+BWCysSCYRBFfJNn2DpOXSdVEhFAg3SZV13RF9ExcJkWTmcmziRJ5tggQkx/7Ee32S7bQqMdCYYFgg32Tq8kcWhDotnCcgvJ01LlOpI7SSmdL3S0E8qUn6juF9B1PySU4p6eec3AftOWYqOMSO9cC6juHS/rmnJ36OCktKN8YOwXjtb5JX1lpxovx5Nr4Ri6QAGPUH9F87nOf28Y0REaUYYcv2XV/QB5bZM13rV7jHREqz3FtEx3pa94haTwEaZU7VN61dibH9PbCn7V/17zKyl+v9+eXoj5bJchjU+TSffCGEef6wXa45zznOdv+bKQVKayMfPfVsbaYw2pT90W+e0rXMbIozzVJhyinH7OfyKseIo0/0vkP6UHEs7lLXj/itFXP/mzpvk2Rbl42PvVBvhNgn089zLnOX/bMub6d0a9vfOMbt/ke5DUu9Z+xLxCjHjrt0W7crODDHuyXvt5HfvJFnnazyZ62+IzymY485JtfPm/WGUEiftgiIsqvb/p2tnY7dl2dg8GtjiHatwia4BxNQAg3QtGf3ZhcfTVpK4ltICZaZNnELpptYjMROxcBt3Agz6La9kSKLJg82VHOJClagqCYsNXRlhOTq+iM6LYJ1mTJdhPzfiLfg/8tSulW1mQrHaRpb3lNwEkL3TGsE/Yxgeo4JvQOpa+SDcdD0uJ0CurR/huFtR/2cgkOlbtEQn0H0td7uxfjjE6fAVI5fUaMdWOUICR+NOZd2T4TxqeHU/pssYkEgLLZdows5Btd6fkrvzLQsXxl6Ug/JdUPpVVX7Q5dk7Vu15U9Jo09Amte5fm8ppe32j+H2p7+6md5jn1D5u1J5g6kzL/i+sc/WwrMK9JAGf1kznGsHa5Xm47amW5tXq/XfshH59LNexHmdLPtXJ5zbSLVr39KN67cd3m+IVQeufQWDXb7Ebs2m7vpskufNGbW8cU2OwTM235PQ/9nf/Znt7lZf8qn76j/1GOuN+bN974FlYeIA7thPQ/80m5oDATX/JNvPbAl0VqijIAPYq9ubdZOhFof+I0Qou1audq7H2drXYPBowFDtG9yNNE22Ts2CYsw+7rVnzs00YkeIMWi2x/+8Ie3/duItAnXhIxwmNSyabIT9fB1HtJNj1g0kGnREz9SMrEXCVQPW0XC+Uj4RQ5N3Cv4nq7zysNqg/CzPLpNyqSF4BjSP4W17kcCi8q6SB+Sc77ULzcK6jsll/TLoXKnJKy2u+fnRBnj4dCYAEeRMw+J3jX8yU9+chv/yiID7YuNbLhfELFhkw3X1QPS1CM/na7XdrnON/ZKP4R008nmKkBH3irlhf31HtpZW1b7qz3+rPlrXtfpHIP8xnn3LNvq73MA5hMRbfMI//xQ0A/2XNNRRtnK0a8d8lynl4789Ih5ynW6q10+QmXopl899MG5PEdjQ9lsOZdWBJrtghWAaIvSewgUAEHAjUNEky5STF+d5uZ8YzufoXr49+CDD27lXv3qVz8cIadXO4x/BBzZNu6RX1F1UEftC+rao60g6k3A0X21PrTvW4BHHWzqB+X4Rc+bUQR59AGCbZ2iww796hgMHs0Yon2TwwRqYmyCc5RmQk5MViIF/qTG168I8ne+852tnMlZtMjEa3JEotcIRFtE5BXZtuD1y3+27G31tafotsWRTfWJHPLF4mGxaLFZJ/FDyO8mWPWsC4p2SiNNxlCZpDLnkK1Dstp/JGjx2ttPQP/U9mNSn1xvHKp7L/l9CofKraI9nYd933Q/13J7ca/X/l1RujFr0fdmESTbeO1bGw+JiAgYo/Rds72SpD5j6/103ZgE6eWBcuCayKO/pu0Fatu5PoK1j0pXT1j191Jb1vr2Un7Xna/Htb5DUJf7RF9/1qfSlZXXfeST8+6FuUifEWS7z0o23StHkB7xlZ99NldRpnqqN6lMOuyR6kmHSFu3jlR//mgD0JNOFwHVFkQb0RRVFvxAkJHsyDE99bOZHXXnf3XqE3M0++Z2dl75ylc+/G0jPVKbzOvmZQ+eSDCiK52t+iRo4x7q4T9inl/1WffFtiz+y5eu3fKsH/fee+/V61//+i2Sbp3QXnUDHXBd2jGoJ/3B4FbFEO2bHE00Jj0TWscmO2jilCZagnBYqBANX1eaDO2/FuFQJmJh4jaRmlR91We/JPu+7usreBOkMm0jQbqRasTF5E9fvcRk20R8DnSaZCtX2dLVK612lpesi8UxKHuJPFLsfTsk54g2HccbgX3dh0Tfn8KhModEu8Kxvndcx8FekARHWG1Ki2T4ZuYjH/nI1Qc/+MHtgdBnwUOlcZod9Riz2WSrzwGbjedspr/eG58XZfNdennSyP76kFRnbSk9X6ufrb3e6p/8yh4S84Mj5Gv2ahtb5a066zWfTkG+upRbH15qS3Xkl4d6efTMPR7m3YsCAeyAcuxWPxvugetsrXU0H2obrPnum7LrPaTvnGSDPpEXcZYP0qWxkS7iK4qL4MpTzrjzTSHiaf4UtZdunJpXnbOrPdpdW9g0xxLn+hKZpmNLlG9p1Om1ePpM/6VnTAF/6Aqs+KGpVwxKUydd9YT1POg7/pPs5xMb+a7NjurxN+nI9Utf+tItEKOd7mNtq7+1l5xC/U8u0R8MbmYM0b7J0WLYRFXaOvnIMxmaaIkoxote9KKrt7/97duex69//evboiASItLnNWds2N8t3+RsETARi5DQFXURjbFI2KJi8UDG6dD1NajJ1teBtq+YUE269PhwCk3sq/8mVEd+1b41HaSVT0z+p6DcOUnvkUL/u0/npPt2Sm4E6uNTou9Pgc4ldsja13txH8+Jsdai2/1XVrrPhaNx++53v3t7y0jjl45xS984Rgoqq5zzlWizD9VLz31b84xxZVdfyqNP1vNDAupVbi3beD827kEe4R/Iz+4hqR3Vxc7aJsfVVul7SecYqottnweiXL4Sc4M0Ot48YT6RZh4yL3XfPCTRA+Xc3+rnn3utvuB8rcd1/Ztf7plyK2GMRDqvjrXvleEjAu08WxFtZaSb+/pdjDQwJ2qLeRbR9m0LIKX9CJQN7afrmn3H7AOyS5+eyLhgB7/vvvvujXRroz7RZwg58FlEW9BEkMUczUc26de3UFtXCKQQfch2/eDzw4Yy3hri3ynf8IY3bH+V7n76jAF97XCfG6/s8BvkuQfs0FmRvjzSeBwMblUM0b5F0GRKVpS+TlZNStJ8dfe///f/fjiyYHITBXnggQe2Pz5AmkUe6MknJujIiQneV+8/8zM/s/1YSZTEV6D2bZv02fCjM4uMCBVd9SIu/SDH4on8s2cC5R8/TNyu1alMBMaCYoJtAWwyNkmzIV35fV/soRz7fFGebdfsEOdQffnmmjiXRlqAjwldNs7JobLJJTqXiH7hzymht/p1SCyo6YFybOtL4ry8Y4g0OBL9SNZy9Td76z2lU5uMFQs/MkGHDffQwo5MwK/92q9teoiN8aa8OtlGVhpD2gFrfd3foGx6+ZDf0tmsD7LhyL7xhtQos/YVUU47EKK1P5zTp0OfXuNWfXSMX8fq16YeEOor+Y50+EIv37JZH9Bj0/1RPhsJ0FPWkd6aXh5h01G+dH74jJK1berQJu1HSo0x5A0RpWM+QgoJG76ZMN/w0xzm2Ddz9Qkb1VUfrXnVr0w+85fsUT9kgxhz5jblRIfZ5T9b7LIvzTwWiQb32dzKB7rmS4EM7Tdu2WC/flWOnvrdK9fmTnn9QZl7bssGO8b58573vO0bAPq1Sz/YLmiO55v5HilWr/L8Ug89dfNB2e6PtnjwifyrW5CG8EFd5nmfN/u0tVEam8COuhpnXTu6Lk0Z6ZUL+zJkMLiVMUT7FsJ+Qgqn0k12LezE5GXij0ybaC2+FhOTsAXP1hOTt4XQosaGSZGIYFh05IPItr9ytxjapgJFuE2QFgn1m8CR9OprgpWnbosUXdJEq8x63cQrnVwyASvfgmoBgRaA1bZzNl3LX+sH6aekMofyknP4cfXOySlo2zlouzbVro6VdTxnh436MKw+ku6r8/JDOogJ0oEUGEfSLPDKfeUrX7l65zvfuREZpLuvrKG6G2+O3VfH7NfO/Mjv1fd01/N9WvAZY8u4UCfUV9WjLdWx9iU7+UH2/la+NlVuX75+rQ2VI6vd8uGQDj/zVdpe6IZ09kiXPfo+7+mV5lp5D0nutzTzBUJoziCRZpJvXR/qz1Wn45oeETc3EOdk1e3+FdW27UOacdgDoPaYP5Hj5jLX5knzrnFgvlWftrUtjx3zqnNjV30ePNg2R3uDh7n1e9/73jbXIr3mW2XMs/rMuKfPb32kfv6z7W0ffPHGD2n0kWV2+a4+frY+KM+23zl4yOELe9YENl7+8pdvbzsRTdeOxlj3Mrjep60o/5QOnMsfDG4FDNG+TYDMmvRNjpEQEy0i3f5BEQtbRco3AZtETeQidCZbJEY60mOSbquJSdy5yV55E6RJ2CTdPu++VrXotPC16JrcgR5RtmtYJ/R0LpmE6akP1A2uleWDI7stqvldPdLln5PKnJJz+HH1zskpaNs5rO1jT5n6JLmkHrL6tZfuLazpa/3GrfGCeLlGClwjHR/4wAe2N+z4wReyYrwhDOp1zx2z7d7XhjV9rcv12sZ0krUcCZ1nX13GNZv7OqG0tR7I7t5eZdlrvMFqE6SvbdFPdNY0WO0S6ewm0vQfousz3ucGHJOw2jkmwLb7073oeq3XNQLbdbqIrj7lk3bx33Ev9WlySEfbjKdINilPmdoC9CKdxqK507yoTOSaX+ZGoKtsY5EecmsOdG2OVId5lS11IrbmYWTaXKrOxm/3zn3QJ7akGOvmbzb0lWi6fFtLRN4RavXYXiLPPK9+awGf63N+KMeOh4HeIKIMMu9zJSL+zGc+cyPuvZ5vMBhchiHatwksVCZdRNnXfki3awuWiV3ExITs3bbSkWqTv0ne4tGCJ4+IOjVRW0wsMhYSk7wJ3gJgoaBjwnZU3pFdeRH0YGGiAxYV5yZ86eqJJEgnLYKnQE/b4Scl2q6r/5hU5pSwdwrpncJq75ikdwrnfIH6KVv1x3rU9lOonuwcEjY6X3XXdPfOmJKGYKjfbw/e//73b1+RI95+eIZwGGPKGFuNYVDWOF39h+pKXMtP0km63oO9hB3917hghy/Zo1N6Utoq2Ssf8tERKgelJ64b92sarHYdpa8+S/cZjWj73EtfZUX+7XVWUb863CPn6oW1TmTPNUIbcc0XbZGGnDrvHq/nCdv7tFWUWQl7fbGCT/LpIcsRavutjUfjDnEN2kRPHn/pA2IqHZBc5QAhbx40js3FiK5rfURPWfO1Odc9MJ+6Noeab5WX1tt1tEOEmx1lPRAgyeql0xjQj+zzURlE29ytbW9961uvXvCCF2yvju3d19YOPul70fbaMBgMTmOI9m0CE3eTq8nXhNvXlyZsk7IfI4l4iHy4NqnStbAo6wgWShO6o/L2Cpr4LSQmfltITO4mbQuJhYit7FnMTOwtrC2S0kCaxSC9rkn5tecc6PIT1AOulc0HdqvH9broS6cvLR8OCf1zUvuOIb1TkH9JfeegbeegzYF+/dE58OUSHPJxlT2yK8+58eTc+HHtT2g+9rGPbb8PkI5IGBOVc76OqexcK6K9R32S6LvGDez9Afl017S9H+V3zIdD+ZXPR2lEvbDahbUskcdfQkeezzTx2UHUpCeh8rDmHxK2zQPdh+wDP5271/QQbXr8kBcpNYf17djar50n7O/T9qLcIT/rp71d6eZL+57ZF1nmT21wT52vRJsdxDQSjag2z0oToJCvzdmJ0HcP6t/aJE1ZEXA6CLijMvxhm4/mXg8ufmMjz7yt39TPFzbM0+yZw32OvHP7nnvu2aLZ0orYazsoT399wBgMBscxRPs2gQm6RcOE2VeNfvTSZCqiYRFsv7Uojsnf4mGSdjTJWvCKSItq2G5iUhZxYd/XnkXKTfgmZelsiEa22Cq7LiaO4GhxUqY010F67TgH7eY38B1ct4g6suOcrmv+OdZnri+p6xzYOwV1klPgB0n3kFyCc74AW/TS3Ze5tL70jgms9YRVBxExVpEI20X+6q/+6uob3/jG1he+fTGejUn3i+zHDr3Gsnq632v+2rfZWW2ssiLfV7vqWcdRY9a5NPUY+ytKV66y2SNBerry2Q3SoTL7OmtfOqv96nYsP78Bsarsvh4C2T8m+sVnXz3sumc+++DaORJIx73mn7R13pHnnL78+qDzBPZpq9TmfDsE9RL56jCvtX/a/OW1efyh437ymV1tcCzI4OGh7SDqpu+csKs/RIyriy3pCHtl1Wk+RYzZN//Sj8zLUye/kHfX5mQ2vMubDSId+daOHlxErJHsl73sZdsPLNlkK6mP9Jf2ED4PBoPzGKJ9m8AEacJs0QKLHoLtx42+drcXzwRO12KAcCPLJlRicbMY9DUqMfmKpohsI+7sOReNUo/JvK8kRXJM6uwoR1fZ/LKwSFe3o2s25Afn0gn/z4F+emu713pqL13X2uroWnrX50D/lJyDOs7VI38lB4fkElziT32y6rK/1n/OTnqnRD3u51qXdOfpIB4IhH2sSPbnP//5rdwdd9yxjTffpCDbsPrE1/x1dC/l1zYob9WVn6STrNeQvcS1erK15oM8gqxkA5yXR1z7XCifDVh9ldZnZO9PnxPXa5m9XmXXfCIdpPnM+OzuQSc9yO9jsraN3xFN9qWD+vQN38wfdEBfmHsqW92r1EfOQ+nrkbCjrsAP+Y7sOzbX0eMHfwAR9e2KOU9ebdBH7JrrwBwnjb7xK9BgDjU/ui6NiEAjwerRF3w0H2cLEGRkWV0ePJVThzrNs/x2jpSz41tLc7hgCvJNR3mfJ1tCXvjCF27/3uiPznwzya62sFE/gWuo37qHg8HgPIZo3yYwebbItZCAa5OrRQNh8ScIFg8LigXGxO9Hkr6itDj4qlQZ+kiyRcDkLTJCpInyIO3Iu0XApC8KiSTRReDZp9vXjxEKti1czvlp4SNN6i2EZB8RPAR2tA9qs2v2sqs+5/tFxHU65BToPlJcUg9fSbqH5BJfLtFZSR6sdXef3IdToHvO30jNWleQD4iCcfjRj350i2TTk2b8NE6MtbWufMwGuPfKdr9BPr3EtfwknVVCPu9l9cN19bnmFz+QrxXVL5/Aeg8qT9LVdz53pQM9fSKPpJusevlVOnENzqXz1WctnyAdx4R+n61TEvgWiUU4PSjpE0d1mTdEc+kUYfWQDtmp7s7XI501H9bzbOiD+ktdyHXzmXN5dM1diK/5sd8D0CfKsq39rvnuSEcaO90PBBjZFXzwo0VtJIiw7Rzq0x89bIC5EkF3ZItd2/+QePXyTz2i1/5YLEKuH7/4xS9u+uZqnxGRa/uvbSexTUQ02+eILt/oqcc9X+87v+pP9dV/g8HgNIZo3yYweZqITZqOJnALAUgzeSLaJljv1LYVxOTvfazItoVDxMVCYHFAuk30JmITroncQmDiZwPRZoeOBerBBx/cXk9lMfHDS4uAMib4CHO+EZM64Sf7FmNY0yoH/A8tBi0I60IBrqW3iHWefqRDGun6FKp/rTvJdm04hXP1sJH/x0Rd53CJjvHBXnC+1s8G4rDHoTKOx6R7nU+l12fqQxDe9773XX3oQx/a0hEEaR4A+elHW2zkW+Wqu3strfsB6a4Cq0+l0wVHIi87IdvVnb11DMgjxu9qY+8LaNuqIz09x/zMJwLV57j2wyEdUn5IT9k+kyvypyOkfwqrvvqJfkAszR3OHaUjjeYJ7ZMGEd++Dcjn2rK2qTwo75iwqa/ZJwgnom18V485lJ5vAAUc2DQfRsr7LDjnOxv6TdnVvjw/OBR4MKc6N8fagqf/zJ8CGfqCDeSebXOles2n0gGhZk8dyhBzs7lYn9o6wkf/gSBq/epXv3p7TZ/5nU5zqPLqbk7us79K48jR9WAwuAz/4z8mi/9/5hsM/j9YfEzQCLJ/k/zEJz6xkW6LgMneX+36IxzREAsBIm4StpCYpH2tacK3wLBx3333XX32s5/dopImaXkme19dmvwRJ4sJ4oTws+c64m7xEgHik2v1yjd81UFcd04sCBaNU2iRXReUSIfjpWjBOrSgSyPpHIM694RmDz6d80t7zn2s1XUO7qOFF9xXbdGGHoSk1Xf5lUgj9ccpsNkYYhuBBtFLxMG9fuihh7ZotrEE0osI5wtf+ZxPbBkDfGhs5Fey+kqALlJlzBl/xqq61MHP7uPaJ/LVpQy/jVG2u/dhrafjMVzSd2yo5xQag6cgn536jF1p+iwpfZW1/9Sj706BjXNjnC196mhMeLBHJpXTr/Jsc3C/1c83xFO/Nyalm0cctcN9cU/pyM93tth1riwSq072tEX02m8A+L3q1lZHacqqw7mHAOWRZ+l8Vj6bvs0zjxmr7CO89JQ1joraG3fK8Ylor60g8j2ANBZ9PsyftoIIbiDYghl+Z8M/fyojX13sDQaDG4uJaA/+E1qULSYmfYuVr+htBzGRWzRs/fibv/mbLSJjwTKxIz50kSQLhoXA3kCLigVDtIYNP8qhKx3p9oo2diw0bVdRh0VFmgXJwqce+xFFaJCfFqbQwuloMSHyzy0s2kqUOySXQt3AVsfOQzrHoL5zOnDOr329h3BJ24wFCzkgJ+zqTz46lwb11SE51A97eIBiU6TQ2EAkjIXur29B3vve9159+ctf3saV+4/MGAPIDR+NF/U0ftXNZv25pp+SdBEi+tobiZZmfDam6IE6pCmvTyJywXl+5CMd9tI/JNlX5pistk+B3ilZbRHnsNZV+jEJh/KS7J+CfgH3PzEnmGeUdd+RZkTT/a+f6BkbzUPIeX1JT7n6vPY4N97o+gavb/7aHmLuM9Yi2dqgPuOATcKONFL7suuoLJ+cQ9F4Phg38p17vWq+aau6fR7qA3Yj2M4FPPxw0R7r5z//+RvJVsZnQYBBG+iYe50rMxgMbjyGaA/+C1roTMwmbds/kGwkGWm2IH3rW9/a9gK2rcQiZqGxIBZFZseCIk3UBpGypUSExcRPH4ny1SmyReiL0MizCFmUWiAsNhEeREyeRSnQS9I9B+WJeg/JpUg3e3tcYk9+bT2GH8enU7jEjntwimjLr12rhPriUH+sMH4aI2yK3iG3SIOHtb/8y7/cHuyMFQTKtyXykSLjzjmCxUfl1cePxgKs6ack3bW9+kCeNAQrm6u9fT0dIT9KN36J83OS3WPI9inkX74ektqSPecgPTlnAw6lH5JTQF7BZ9hn3ByEqBoj+sT48ADu/rsf9SfpvpHIOWHDGJHGVtFiP6Jlg75r+fLMT0Q5/spzpKeeiPY6HuTztwdBom718dk8x+dsiXAbv8obw4i9sa3d2qktSLW2FtE3h7Jnjnz2s5+9kWzbpgQg+Mo2e859nojzfGRT3WQwGNwYzNaRwX+Byb+Fx+S+LjAmfH95/alPfWr7Gt/iId9XuU972tO2yd8RSbJoKWcfoeiORUeERhpy5V3I3h7hxzq+5rSo2D/4xje+cVt42ivOD5Ecoqz6LBgWNGjR2B+B/im0oCmTRChanC7BWieo91zde7Chv09hX88hXFLvJXaQCIs09CBVZE+fIRqrnc7XtEv6wbhi131GPpQ3fvS/f3z8wz/8w41gS/fQ158peTDjl7xIGJ+7n/xkU/2RMOmrdK8TqG2OyhtnjmxId66c+the7Ugj9KRpF0mff/l4yb1W1ynIP2cn306he1mfOdc2fialr5JtcinO6Zor2DUHIKv6r8+6hy3k2HYS6eYUefUvyR+klo42act+bLifggaIdVvd6MPqo7KJ8so1nogy3Qc+E/7IU0ae36f88Ic/3NKRYro9LBi/fVsH2mauW21poznWDxjZNN6RbVtJ5PF3/xndwz3mtz49lD8YDK4PJqI9+C9ooWqxMXmboMHCZlESRXE0uSPbIo+O/cDHoibyQl/5lXgog8Apb4GRjsCLkLOBhFuULFT0LAzO2aFbtIhNi470FsL1GtYF8xAqs7Z5lUeCH9cWHe27EbjEH/0Y8VhJAx/r53Ptq39PwT1mC+lgB4lwb72pxoOYrUq+/vZNiTzkw3ikwx/X/ONX954d1/Xnmn5KIJ9dZ8M1G/s2Z38tQ/hTviPkgyNE4E8JZPOQ5N8ppHsKq7+rz7WLlH5MLsU5XXV1jNCqW390340Vc4A+dJSvX+X3MEOne1aa/PqfPWPKQx3Cai6KtFZP9SvTEfLH52MV6fmgfNug+Kg9SPUahKDfw4IHx9KQft8i+utzwQu/Zbnzzju3bwNFvvPX2OdTfiZsEKj9bDeufpz7NRgMHhkmoj14GIaCCbghsQ4Nk7VrYtEA0SBR7fvvv//h6LaIE11RbYuDX7tbMCxoyloE2mdrgbEQieDYnyiyzQ49i6SvPZV96lOfuh1FMpUBC4tI+Sloy7nIDV/5RDexQHW8FOyE1RYJ6jkFuuf87R6cwr7eQziXDxbnUxFt+RbtkG+rj+v5MehnOuyqz5jwL6W+NRG9NHba189v5IK+MWAsuhYJd+RT95M9/qW7v8+ke52AdpL8lu68tMpFWKSzL0+aevlR2UT+KvXtMdBh+xTy5RSq/xT4S6c+y199lpS+ytp/oMwprLrHUN+xpV9BX/ns88NDuYcv976Heb7pK/n1mXoar1A7+Cyttu7HdHXKc27s86W2sZsN5+qrH5Br38wZwz0QGLfIsTR19SBpHmTfuAUk3AOlAAQi7ds8ZFrbSaS69oDr2guNQ/XwH9b8fB8MBjcOE9EePAwTtIn4kDQ5twjRRYB83WlB8JU+MmShQsAthn0FasKPVFhg2LNIZtdi0o8tLTIEIuDsqa/F0MJhIVG+xZLkK4HsnwK7p9p9KfjFTlC2xbfjuuAdQrrnsNZzCOyQUziXD/Uz1D79zMf6rcWcvdJWgY7HwDYSYfyo05aiz3zmM9sPZd1f4wJ5KUKprsaBcnxEhhylqY8OP+vPNf2UrGUdK1v7V521L/JHGp8bl/KkE6AvLyLEzjmpHYdE/iXgxzlZ68ruml/6MaFTPx+TdE9BX6pLHzlmc63fnKAfkVNiLkK4iXOif5Facw9b3ZcezqQry655CSEm5jh68uWtc96+HfKNS+XpGafmPHY8/DnyVX7tcm7PNn1zn4cFeNWrXrW931qQwpi3NURkmy/r+IPGE+RH47FjuuWvaYPB4MZhiPbgP6GJ2KQeQVgXlvJAnkndj4YQ7b7StDhYyCww9l6LPtmPaGFhA6GywIFFCklix4KDZFtk2LQY2ZLSu2JFN20poS/azU4LaItLi0nHfD4GbVnbt5dLYSEMexv5suocQrqnUN+fQvWewrl8cH/1L7TQ18/Ou/+hvlzlEiA+7qX7aPuQ7SJ+bMtHD3J8QGAAgepr9+rnD/LCzjpepdefa/opCV1XT/euNHb56yjf2JbOH+nGP93yHEE+P0lljonyte+YXIJDtg+J+rLrfF+29GMCjZNjQu+c3+6lPkSa9WP6+QYewvUNMkzo1Vf5g+iCevU1u6T7wVc60pznOxuH5hR5yq0izbd4EWe2zE/KGKe+uXOOcLs2b0njrwAFYu0PZMyb/izM1hDkW/35nm/8kV5afUmkaYtjn1nn+d61clDaYDC4/hiiPXgY+8m3xQSa1E32LUAWFZO3a4sdcuxX8X60Y+EARNs2AO/HLippwenrXouSRYotdchDuNmRL83iQkek0ysB2UG4WrAcIy+V4Z9yFhbnFkEiL7EgOWpDaXvI20tY9aVn45At+fXlMdS/ezt7gUPpezmG1ZdD7ak8HT7RSc81lLbP7xgiBO6rc2TAub737YfyRe3s7fcKv69+9asbMfHwZix4yGLX/TVuHF3zL1/dW30nLR/KS9ex671O6Y4rSq+u7o8j3w/lpwPlZVuetjraSqBPyu9IIH3HY1K5FdI7koil8+6fa+K6e8ivbIJzOnzkB6RP9u2sHHROj0529+WgskR96fWZzg9pfabtZwbEtbGlnco2lxg7xpm0Pv/Z5oMyHuIbO+Ywc4lzevKNUfbMW8ahuYcvykgj0ujnJ2Gj+YmYD++4447tfdbe3uTcH8jYXuf3LqLX2qJ9bLV9Bthio/vD/9pBgK89WOizsPYz0MvGYDC4MRiiPTiIJmOTPNlP2K4tYk3+wYLgxz7e3yo6jUxYoCxMItz2YFuclLMQiWxHlkU11eWVgUi7aOb67m1kW1QbIXMU7Va3BQoBawGCFhILloWHH0Q96obO+bZvXwsmsTix6zz7QT3KkvUc6FaOlHdMlNenjsckvVNS3aegzWt79n44Qm0ovbSQjb2dfOnbCvfSffe1OlKBHCHT7g1C5J7b62+fvnHi3iA+7EYOwP1EKNS7js2I++pbZfMx37RdOmRjrYff2eKfMcKG9AjP2hfKSCtdmrGWj9LpSM8XdemP1b9shc7LOyTKE+dBOcIXR/dAvj6qrd1/vuln19omDbEEedmn41h7ssV+fjjqLzaIPLpr+/mkrGuS7ip7P8D9UM64cY5oO5ofzA3GkutIt6Nx5Vw/ux/aqP584n99lF98VK8+Y894FT3vbSe+meMfW0g6kt3WFXakK5ewyb+f+7mf24i1bSHPetazNuE7P4FeBJkd13sfV5QenPvMrDb2ZVzvyw0Gg+uPIdqDawoLpMXKImHxQYJ9HYosW6AsXIgU0mzxc/SWEeXWiJIFw7nF0o8gRbjZskhY7LzdxL+f2WpAj22LrzywUFog6bPHPpttUZDfYhpJgBYn5ZzvF6UWsFWg8qeQ7jHIP7cI1r+nZNWB1dfaRWdNX6UydK4F2IkcGxN8QFL0vQck6UiMbyscpSMv7r02IDPuXSQh4WPH/O38lNQ37EVmpEP2jAlH+YBAgeu1b48BWUuHX8qz6XxNP9SORD47yh6Tc22GtS3qAT6UhtTpc+fs0aenX/JZ/6/+Zpsd6bVJejacp5+e6/r0GOhrmzLpunbOD776/BtT69Yi9iPBfPcNGJJtfvDg7sHfEbmt3c0p5iLzkod3Yi5xzS5/1Eu/OUl5dbFJx3hmQ7vNY+Yrr+K75557ru69994t+OCbG+O6+td+Wds6GAweXZi3jgyuKVr8LUwrEGrRSn/DjiBbxEShLC6iPG94wxu2HwNZIC100g1Ni1EE3ELmfbRf+tKXrr7xjW9cve9979tefWUPuEXvl3/5l69e/vKXb4udxc8izJ7yri3QiB67FmkLLCDc6nFNfz1KR3a0CdJz7BzKPwX6p8DWucVWPefqihyxl+Rr59pf/x4SOFeP8uemD7bcNw9T9p7aDiI66FsOpMN9RZqQbK/zs8VIGfcOoUGURLuduyerf50nawT0EOhov/4h+to4bawZu3SALef8A20A44zuub4x3tTV/VQf+6Ad633O//wrLZ9OoTJ7Gx3B+AZEUd2NIfal6QOfRW1Vn7bXN857IJLH5lpffVF/yKOXLjvVKc15faps5TsHesYnIKXK8EM5n1+++mZMGjKLwHqA548x5l71mVeeaCe7xp3xZP5xTd9RG9lzn6A2qrv5hz3jmI7zyiPZ2ilC7d3/ggq+tYlcGzPKdE8cgzazow/oDQaDRx+GaA+uKQynFl3nFqp1YRFl/oM/+IOrBx54YFtgLHgWSZElJPmtb33rRrxFNi1KbCFbjsiWhU26xe1d73rX1X333belWXwReXshf/M3f/Pql37plx62b3G2QKpbmkXPwkmXXdErNvlKLJoRBOlFqmBdLDuH2nwKaz8cgnz1noJ68uUY9r7WjlUi2umFcz6uUP7c9IGsqct9EP1Drv2gVWTR/fSjR//66JuJHoaUQewifsojIXw75SvdU6CvL/QP0dd7og3OkS76kcKVaLsH5+43cttYArazL606oXbs2+M+8e8U2NRnyibKdQRtVVf3PtBpbOj7+lvb6xvnEW1tro492K89tZXdyD0fpLG7J5SV66jvfObVgySzww/+RbQ9kNGzv9mYMoeAMeWzrg6iXnoe9M0ZvvFyLk197CvDRmOBKOeer/fdOOQHHxoDviHzmxQ/bPTNXVtZVrDB932/1We1Wz8NBoNHH4ZoD645DCmLkMXM4tqiB9LtsfYDyc997nMP78kVwRQNcqTz2te+dvu7dosaEoAMO4ouiRJZuCzGSMDv/M7vXP35n//5Rt68sUS+xe/5z3/+toB6Ny19i7FFllhMRZ0s4iJcjha6yBGJhNxIop29Y6hvT4EOyV7+rn67L2GdAtbzS3xZ9Q8houheITX60v22XxVpeec737m9yk+6e9Ve+/xzv5Wje8zPcz6E2u5eEvf4JyHalT8FZRtHwLYybJe+1hfWc/1wLYi28cIukd64Ll+69ulr9rSdf3uiHbIF7K1HYIOwz44jfXbU3VwAa7nO6dBVhk/SzSX84YfPrx9ZI9zmDOPDmNJO+c4BGVeGsNV9Y7/0/OEvEq4e/tIz38hHxGuHh8XnPe9529zhIUJ9HtjNU3TVo89I/krTBkc+dj+kKdN9GAwGj04M0R5cU7SItLi6LiId4baoW0gtZKKb3jJhO4hz6RZXW0IsaMiyRc2ipJwyztlhX5TaImjrgQi3LSUWN4ujhfBFL3rR9sMjX+cichY2Xx/3VTkddbLJ5xa+jtItmvyH9Bw7h/JPgf4pZPNa4JCd0ro/rp0fEtCvp7DqHgMbRP8QfQ8ehLwj/Y//+I+3LSNIiYcs94hN0UNkx3304OS+R1ShuhM4529Aqtiir15HNqTXR+6580NEu/KnYFyRfKqMeqQRdYS1LUnpp5C/jkn3trHJhrrzWd18M8bdE+l8OUe02es+5mP1VCehz460tR7p0uqT1deuoTGgTJ9zc4hy7ofPrnesi1B7sJbWbzOQ7v40y4O1b7uMH23hU3MP8Eu6oyg4Ys4fxNlYlOdH3eaOyrJnbkKs859fjqBeZF2/scsfecrLWyE9GQwGj17MjyEH1xTr4uvY4mlxs9C4toBZHC3eFkGLGeLlWnT5Bz/4wRaVsne3aLMFzleyykYCLK4WRQsaHQuihde5f6lE6ix6FlG66rdFJcLNV6DvOr8D/Rb8UJtWgWydQrqPBPu6D0nkZm0L/yJbhA7dIH8VYOORgi39F4FD5vT/Qw89dPXxj398i0zyAyFxT/PZkY+IlvyIyuqj68R1bTomQFf7HaWpx1F56el2HilUP7iuzlPY267efV4S6IbKOR4TWO3sBeipe21348N1n039l5/y6FRmvTfsSQvSk3XMONdfjvkC2XGUvpYvzVghEVyfYQ9fPs8Itm/FpJkz6LfVxHhxDuYL80ukWHl5bGhDdRuPdOibP+66667ttXvPeMYztndc+2daW0PMUR76fXOmr9jTDwi987W98p3nv2vph9paf7oeDAaPPkxEe3BNYTiRFnaLjcXEObSY7K8tRn7U+LGPfWx7l7JyiLYFqF/v24+JqLFvQbUQW2jpOGfLgme/73e/+90tyi3C3YImsu1Hl+xIs+Cq1xH2H4VDH40WZ8fOYSUex0D/kaLF+hSQInXxqftAIqsEuWBHG0sjXWfnFOge6qMV8hE59wXsY2X3d3/3d6/e//73b6TFDyS1yz2k7966r/T4onz17P3sHJClU6CrD4j+MMbU4ciGNH1C+KIPD0W0+cPGKbDBLoHqVI+0iJjrfVvWNlX+GCrXeCTq7pgOn+tfbdYutvnl3tD3sOOanjx6zpV1P/jcOCJsre1sbJbvPIJZudq1+rieO/r2Aomm37jomxA+OUeYRba9j9q3Hu6PNiHWHs7Vxwa/1ClfO10bcwgzYq0+Y9KWEOdseRg3lpoXfFbUyx99oR72nfPPUVljo/pqp6NyytPZQz5bRPnBYPDowxDtwTVHi4cF3kJEVrSwWHgsTI7KWDyRZPuxfY3rB5O+IrZgWhj92YNF0Z5rR3Yt5MRiR7pmyw/t3vOe92y2kHaLMLItSmVvJzt0LcARKNEpR6RDGr+SSI1zpED9FlDnRclOwYIL2ntM2DoHeqcQYdn7rM8dibalk8B6fm7hz7Z7CPoN9AsfGgOIEkFi2PzkJz959ad/+qfbXlv3AYlTtv7RpysRjPCsY4p9fkoD95HtdOrL9PK1c0d5q63VdnZdy6tt8ip/CvS6T9km0rSLXT6Xv0ppdOlUloB05R35pW9dJ+pOjx1tqV9cq5/d2q2P06XDRmMfQV0/D66lg3JsePhlT7pr98ux+628tPwHdYA8NuXXLr4i0UR+ba+MdLrqRJrV1cMCHf2hXg/svvEydyDL0hy9es9n31tBoLeDsNNYBj5po/GorvqxtoIy6l0hj0jf5+1Bb70vg8Hg0Ych2oObErYU2LPtB5PEVhCLvUUSOUOW/X2xLSUWM2TcAmyhRdKkIXL2AYtuex0Ye752Rgye/vSnX915553bV8VsIAUWvLaY9PVwX0ODRdbC20cmwhI5OPdRQhpafIlFuoV6TTsFdZyr55KP9CU6iMkp6Cf9ob8BYQLltEN76xfX7p/78Hu/93vbV/++mhdJ1MfIkf4k+lNfKKeOBPGRxj7yU/3rPWdHnc6zpQw9+ufIzHoPqn89EjrkFNSjDF8qC/xJzt3rfGnc1ZfK1jbp+tl5Y1G5fE7yN5uOnQOdyGrRa/fT54qtvmHwmXIk1VvEl3/8qozPlWtl3GNpykSE1SV67TPnsyuf/mMe85jt6KFXPqTPDl2+IshFl/kPzunaY+0bMnOFz7p5o4cF/vJNm9g8h0t0BoPB4BiGaA9uSiBVviL2QzmRKfu2+4c2i61F9rd/+7e3/d2+AkY4WoANaQuuxd+C673cyouQf+UrX3l4X7A/wkG0LcYi5K4t8PIsyBZvdbEljezJkboIYnJuQWZ7xV7f9bX4OF5i4xId/XcK+kff7Im2cggYUkVc0/HKxo9+9KNXX/jCFzaSY8sI0AH9Q46RRQRNGntEWmQvHyLa7pN0oozx4bi/B3t0j+lW/3ok+XcKdJThC1FOmXxSx34s7ZF+NtiDysoDtkur3yLgytWnUPscO4f6zTjWl2wgyD28ehCVh/girIS+PNss1NG1z6iy7EtzHonnk7rUQdeY8TlnV7776rcW7PvsmQdAnnJ+u+FhmS/tlzaW+FfUmj8+y47yzQErqa79oJ3nkO5gMBj8JJgfQw5uSrSAizwh1UQk2sKPONuHiUxYpC3mFkOLvYWWWLAtxhZVdpA60oJrwbeQi3L7Exy6fYUs36KurAXfYkzYZFsaX5CF6ooEHQObkQt218UequMSrOWuJ/h4CvzV7shrhFkb+ej+gHbT875sP4Ck733DdBAwefXJvm/WfqmPlacj3b0HdXZNnLORHWWr5xyUTd95146w2j0G+Xs7pXc8Z+MQlKl/Otcf9TlRnz7Q/4SO/MrvBdbPEH3X7idbPhvGeb+PaPyDa+LzIpKNBNv65aEYKRatlo5Qs8cWUsyGc1CXeqX7/LFVNNt5dSDdPv8+t95G5Lcbfm9B+lvzrr2LX2Tc/OHzuW9v96TrU7hEZzAYDI5hItqDmxIImAXSom+BtujaPmLrgb3XFvT3vve9W0TbomobgrcD2HtpO4KFPCJuAY9A2LLwta99bfuRpMi2KCtCgDggf14HePfdd28RsaLq6rfYRmqSSLM8/lm8j4HOStqRC/pJH8MI0THkxylc8pG+REcbT4Hf+hiRhkNbR/jrPtoj/2d/9mcb2fZ6NFFGZAzZqt/WflWOj/WPa6TLuTL0nPdAxAf66lxJI1vS+ekYuTuF6k7ywTmwce4eyFdGvfxRll3+JOeQPuQLSCfBufqS6k3qh1U3G86B7XyVpo3KSK/tvjkyzvU1m20JUcZnxTU9aT6/7KwPvcqs945OW76kiT77IaJrY4l/yvrceEBW1v11z71nX+QbkV5Ju/pJ7asP1Fe7oTHS2D2FygwGg8FPgiHag5sSCK7F1QIcWsR9NW0hfsc73rGRZAu2aDTC7d3bIltIM9h6wo4FGbkT3bbgKi9q5s0XfjCJKCAW8oloGNL9kpe8ZNPljwXbQu8IFmD+KWexj7QcAzIQEbDwk0gYYQ8xOQU65+ph6xwu0TlXT/6fI9qIk332H/jAB7Z+9g+g+tNDjtemRZ70Zf2p3NpP0uioL7LmPkir36ozEpUtdiJb0k5BOXaUSfLBOaj/XN+oVxm+dI/Zlq5sfp0DXeXIinzLvnbVL/mf3yTUvmzWDg+aSDSyDLZhIL2IrnQPtnx2rq+du4eu9a3PoHvhc5hvbCvf+HBvfF59fp37LBsbdH02bd8yHvxRlYdj6drDN/4UCe8e5t8KvvBJGXn6pjHiuvYGdZzDvu8Hg8Hgx8EQ7cFNCcOyBc5iCSt5ce6Hjv6C/SMf+cjV9773vS3PWwa8nQTp9oNJpI4tpNp2E7AIW3CRPou2H035gZ5/l2QbSWdDhFzU7KUvfekW4UYOlCEWb4s6ffaR+f0ivkcfNcdVStOmc0Qbzi382TyFS3TO1aO/9cEpoo24uTfeNPL9739/+wZC3/o2AVFDrvQnouZeEP2gbj5GFJFIevo7Pfbdh+pEpKTRUZ4deuxEtM+1SRmiTJIPztM5d697qOJLYySfKs/mKVQ/3QTyxVF7tU192u/Ifv1H6DiCdHYcOwcPl/rXPXEvfEYQWffWPfTtAwKLGEdiEWV118fuhc+B+qUbD+rgkzx2RMV9lqB+VQeC3TdS9l5L02/sQO0KfKHD/+43UScf5akL+CbvEOqXUzhWdjAYDC7BEO3BTQ9EASJXxIJugRUd8zfuXgMoei1KKh1JEBl78YtfvL1xQKTNom5hLmrNnsVbtM6PJG1LQbptLUEOLf4i2vfee+92rk7SAs8PpARBueRjpP4W7fW4SsTnGC6p51rpnIP2IEL6Aw4RbW98+exnP7sRa/2NZCmn34qMImHS5HdP9AUfpRPEjp57K5+wr++BDwhgOspnix1+Sj/XbmUiyavwoXNtY/8U6hN1Vq8y+e5c+imok476akvpa3uyu/Zd/VYd+euY/52D/u1BBdnuzSH6Ql1ItXPpjuqSRqf77Z5WRr2ufV5Eq0Wi2fGQ5W0/ytDLB9Fqfcb//AP2iLZA7ZOWzop05RkL9Enp/FptafM5HKpnMBgMLsX8GHJwU8IiHQkA511bNC2SIlcW8qJhyDWyJ3Itgi0KhzzTEeFGuJExCyf7ygPSbX+oH1fZLoKU2w+OxLPTe7197Y2IRAQs2upDOBCPcwuy/NrB/0hdR2npHZMbCf18DkgL/wGRgvpCnocff68PtuMgWB6Gimzq0whRfVP/Ah8ImxFLuvJdr3UiTenXx+mWHsk6BvoRwFVgf30K2rnqOV99IvxZbe5FvjZWrn5Z2yI90upcvnT9ol+JNGXzYy+gHtszfFaUMeZ9BjyE+qzI920E6Gfl6KnHef64r0gzWz5TPpd+8+Bh1TdDfqjoNxQ+q+mRygO7zvlcm5P1nrvuYVd5Y8BRmnMPYXzNhqM+kkfqr3O4RGcwGAyOYSLag5sSEQyLnCHaYuecyIv0EguzaJsIqtfHIXeiqEgwcm2Bf/WrX331nOc8Z1vkK6cedsDii7Ao41WAn/jEJ7ZXC8pHZkTlkA1vPBDptk3FYu7HmfIQhvy1wCuDBCDrbHijApKgzghSEbUIxLmPY+2vPxxXAe1gT91saqd6pOun+vYcEB5+Evrsq1t5AtL1O4Il38OLBxX98pnPfGb78aM3T8hD4vihLJLlvtCvPRGt6pRGNzJH8oOuPnWkG9F0nb2kPktOobph1V3P+XTOzlp/fa0M/xL3A1bdVeiTrtmp/QT0M3/0pT5Yy8izxaK6RIzrp1B7EWtH9o1/Ue22fhinytPxsGo8E/ezKLR77hsknwkPrhFuOo4+H/lcG1Y0nlYc0tOWIL++dE7qYz4ZN457G4PBYHAjMRHtwU2JdZFdF0rnXVtELaydIxtINEF6LfjpeNuIPcKOCNpKjCOjjkXBROMQBDYQDnnKiWzbGy7SF3GJdNBnp0gfca5+dtQVcQTkJSJQOt1LZEV9Up/VZv6yWRoBdTlP/5CkR6eypSMy7Mt3rr/SqQ9Esv/6r/96i17rZ2l02dD3+k15iHBmlw79ylRPvsh3nb36sX7JT1j7Svqlsseax+Zq9xBqG31+Z3Pfnr1/K6pvL/VNdut7dhFr913/ui+OjWM6xrfx6tuavvmxd7ox3cOVsR3BBunuqd8veGC0j9oWEA+uCLbfQzz3uc/dotXyPJAi3Qi3z51Xa9Yn7O+xtmlt2x5rP3S96nYNx2wMBoPBjcQQ7cEtDUTFYtqCilggFRZ5P2R83OMety24SIWInD3Y3pstaudNJMg5MlrEFxlw7RxJQBj6C2d1KSdCi5ggHiKyonzVi5zQYwfhQVCkifiJMCNYwCeEI1IQcbwUtXkv5ak/YuO6uvimHtdruUOifOdB2chhbUSiEDxtdW7Ljh8/+lZAnfq59uon4rw2Z7/20yXS01nT4Vj6I8W+vceQ3jFJJ9/yb9WRduo6HMqHxr6xKs+4bYw1ntOV54HRtw9FpI1d9yxi3oMju9KRcuWALSTaNhCvZ/SvrI5Its+IbUHyjXUPnci1zyBIZzN/64vBYDC4HTBEe3DLw+JtEY94IQuieEif/dvIdJFpJBnJcI4ciuYhFYifSGvRVsQi8uHNGMg0woh8I5j926QoIDKibmXoqwvZUB7451qdK9mIOOW746VQ7pAAO9mUVl1BXiTslFSeVG710bk8fR1xAw8gflCK9HnA0PZ8UC9xzr6+zDfXkG4+7NPhWPojxdreU0jvmEB+HcqXXv+taes1We0k0L3oWwtjrQh03zAYb7aAeMjsbSL1WQ89dJUzZl1n09F985DpB4xemYlk2zZ1xx13bOTaZ8FnS53ssUPYiWSvYLM2DgaDwe2CIdqDWxbrwo2wIRyR3mDRR5KRBWQAKSRIyEMPPbRFphFukWq65bOLmMgTze493AQBUacy/ojFG0/US9+xLSzKqZNvbKszfyNMK2H8cQgI3UMC2dzn6S/inF+Ox7DqrmVDNrQrYiYCao+8PwNC7JBs/VY9laluPuob11A/6Jv6qbas6XAs/ZFCnfl7DOmckvrKeUeSr9rM/9LXPFJa94B+eVD71zFnXHrQo+te+KGprVJ0oIccAmzrf3aMczBmkesnP/nJW8T6hS984dVdd921EWwPrbaNKK9svrEB2YXyV6z+DwaDwe2CIdqDWxYW+AhJ10hf5MFCj4Q4IgGict4sIt/eYftURbid23stOs2W6J5In3LsIC4itvTl2Zcqomcryo9+9KNNlx1vaRDpFtlFQJGeyiMwoueIhmv15GOEpHZcgtq9F6jNa137etItfS9hXxYqz7Z+Rap9eyDNlpHvfOc7W9uLZGejsmv76x9wDhGyVWdNh2PpjxTqJI8U+z7rPF+12X2qPmn7IyiXfv0mzRhWXh9Ib7x6+DP+HN0XW0XcB9/UyEfApREPfn2GvL/aw6g/fPJKTAT76U9/+vZmGFFqdfls0e1zBnwz1vnAPuETna7Xdg0Gg8HthiHag1sWFvsWcIL0WfQdiS0hyLGoatcWftE60TmRPgRaNA/RRpoRZjrsiBKK4ElDHvxAEulgB7F85StfuZF3eezQY4OIJkZmkE7RXUQ+32AlJLXhUqS/FyjCrJ7ImboI6DP552RPnhyBPTayox/tw9Ve/wDpAUQ/aTti57x2wkoY2XUNq3/d173fBI6lP1Kok5wCv88J39ZzqN+01xF5zffqXc8rT38dN/pS2cr3rYLxJYK9voZSXqQ7cb8Qc2PY6/ee8YxnXP3Kr/zK1cte9rLt2rc2xr666SLuPiNsaQs/3NP8occXnwvH2r5v02AwGNyOGKI9uGVhAbegQwt5C3skQwQaAUYYbAlBIABJ8EMur/2Tjpgg5UgiooKQIDT02EAeIs396EseAu21gQiGNKTGnlg/CETeHfkiMoh08iliGVnShny+FJGYvYB6QF2RIW0hdNQTITolRUmJ68hTvjpnU5+K5H/605/efmwqT73qWM+rP6KZ7VuNaKs3349J/iXS2OXnSrSrL5HeeXVJW8eNNGWJMembEkS4CDbCayw2Rt0b6aLatlEh00Wuvdta9LqHUZ8DY5jwwdgXEfeNDHvGBD/k8cM9Nd6KotOV39irPYPBYHC7Yoj24JaFBdxCbqFHEKCFPYJjwe+rc4QEOUGWRaoR5ic+8Ykb4UYW5SPZtpLYe40wI+nsI9TerMCmrRE//OEPt7rYRWL8QMzeVkSEL8qxwZbyCItIYYQJ8Yos5Te5FNp4SADRAnWR6lqJrvNI4SGBiHZ96Vx5fkb6pNmP/qEPfejqT/7kT7b8HkSQN+3W/uqr/toqrXN1QH1Bt7rXdDiW/kihTnIK1c33Y7LqrH5qewRUn5RevbUjH5StjCN7yhlj7ikSbSw6p2NsI8XGvLLIr3vgWxzE+rWvfe3Va17zmu2PmYx9efmsbjbcO58H50Wp1enaZ8JDqzQ+8IluZDw/932Y39UzGAwGtwvmD2sGtzwawucI0iE9aQgJ4mD7h79zRxq/+tWvbgQRgUBIXve61129/OUv37aPFEX0VT1i493CInrsIjbeRnL//fdvf5qDbCMeSKeo46/+6q9e/fzP//xGZrxmEFFyLtKIqIiq00NmkBbRdukRZnXLUxeJpHWECA2U1nVYdQ5BOXUjVvxBuvtGQJ7y0lx/7GMf26LZ+aU9dPWdPtQ3e39+XOiLtS17EgvnCJx8PrvXJAIrvTFQv1SX49rHpZ2DcWBsuG/Iqr4BD2ZE3fpGnXSd09Vv8vnjXisrnZ903QvjjhiDxqMHHfeJPh3+e/Dzb6geKP2Q0fha21tboPYeape8IL/+TveSvhgMBoPbGRPRHtzyOEYS9jikh+AgQcghgoMQe22Zc6QEsfC6OlsibCtBaETykEgkBBFCjpAYNqQjN6LXbKkPefYvlSK9SPz73//+jdR7z7doOkLWdhWkCRlkiyjPP/p0ImSnsJKjYzino171I2T54lx7I4jOPSh4OLEvXX8BsqqPkEI6+qa+PySXYCWG7gn/97LqHIK66PAvwuhauvKRbAKrj8ml0D/uY2PItfLSun+IsfqJNGNOhLmHAX2YnrFnK1Ljz5izHUkZ/awOY8dvDzwYItfedS2S7VV7jefau+JU28orf70ubTAYDAbHMUR7cFsDoSGRHRFaPxKzTUQkGUERkRVBRHREqBGflYTaVoJ8FolGlEQaRREJIo3kIMpIp3JsEHUqr05124aC8CExCF+EMCLmuBJN2BOe0k/hEh0kmd/8ql4kj3+gX0T+++MeJJE+28qKuDovCn5MLgVba9udr9f69hzUtxLtfFhtrel7gXROQR36zL12ThpjjurSRz1UORonBIwjD16ItbFVncpqZ+OIvgdD40cE2yv5vC3E23VsZULI2c73YziXPxgMBoOfDEO0B7c1EIwifQh3xBJ5EZUWDRQhFKVGtu2HFcUVYRSpRmKQHGQJCUWe2UGokBxRRjZsL/F1vsi2LSPIEyLVu7zVidwjp5EoZKyHACRbhNy5rQanyN4lpOkcWZRvnzlb6uyofyK08v0xjdcaSisa75w+cll/uj4mlxBXoLfKSo6Juk5BXaAM30CboDR29v6tAtV3SqBxlV39Io0d99V1D2Hyu989tBkLjQfjy5iC2szu//y//ufV6372dVf/59/+z9XrX/f6bayKdHcv8iXfj+Fc/mAwGAx+MgzRHtzWQIQihkgOEuMcqRGhRVj8jbsINdKC+CDZ/pjF30y7FplEppVhi012RCWRJumIundvsx2xQlDZse2CHeWQdqS66DA7CHzCHj8De4dI0qG0FRGwU2jfOR8A2UOalfXQwW8PDvTk+QYA9AGSpz3arh3XAurdS+n16ynUJ9rTfeZj94tk65hUvrqPgS5/HOmDfiGujRl9qX/cT33owQvBTtxv/co/9923HR7kkHNk2oPbv/37v1294HkvuHr961+/bU1yD1aC7aFMefWeQm0bDAaDwbXFEO3BbY0I1kqkEJOACCE2iC+yjVDbh93X+raDIMtsIEFIDl3EBplCmBxBmj20/vDGkV2E1SsA2UOmkK8IlnrYg2wVCc3fiGLXyTmcI4qgHu2nS/iEPPJVm719pQeNCLU20HVeP/InG4fkEhxrk/LlXUK0+VS9zutLyBfXx2TFofxktV19/JPmHrbFCIwb3w4Q/SlPnxoHPfwRNn1L8oQnPGHbg33nnXdevflNb96i2OsDjUh3fjhf78Ux0B0MBoPBtccQ7cFtDUQGGUGAEJJIibTENZLZ6wD9i56Ioq0lyJC/HP/Wt7617d9GkthAmAkyjVAVZUSYlPUjNXtq5SOuyBYijcD605EikeoV4Sbs8bMHA/mH5BJEKo+BfeStOgMCaK+6v53nKx19xE82tSFSWXvB+TGJFJ6CdqW36q/Xq5+HwEb9t15Xji9htbtKOJS3F3bXNuordRozvWnE+HPvRatFteVVRrpvT5BrP5q179oebEd/MuNhzTYkW4rWBzD3yHhz7njJmKA7GAwGg2uPIdqDwX8AGVlJEUEgkZYITATX/m2E2x9/IEH2WYtM27ONJDsiTPL80LG3mCDUbCFZBIlFuIl6vdnEe7f7s5t+CIegtd+bn8i8Y8Kn9foSqO8U5CPN/PYwoO36QsRVG5FsW19sidEmWxYc6fCBz8row+wdk9pwCmyveo7783Ntp9MDANDvwQryB7K5l1N5q7C52q0uee4pUq0f9Y9+Ml4c6em7xpz+9+PGV7ziFVd33333dt6rINkzvpDsiPZD337o6qf+7596uDyb4PwUzuUPBoPB4CfDEO3BbQ3EBilBhpDECEvEqHxEqD3X9JCh3mHsB5J33XXXRpxFtb/3ve9tJBkQJboIVa8OdKRbFJsN7+gm/QAR4bb/WUSTXoRpJW0J/VXSW8sQecpCeaegbttgEG3QB14zyDck0TWiLZrtQaB28kkaXFJPpBDyE9a0dPYC61H7ul5tQfn1h/MkSA/0k66hMvs8Up52r+3SN/WPe+5By49qpVW/fjNe9Dki7cex995777ZNxD+YGjd08rH61MOOvP/1//yv/9Q+Yza9U8jPwWAwGFxbzB/WDAbXAMjTF77whasPfOAD21H02uvVRCB97W+7yJve9KaNYKUvCu7jh6S2Xxep/dSnPnX17ne/++qb3/zmlu7HmPbl+qHks571rG2PN0LWAwByLkIKbRVgH0GPQHmAQN4QYz64PvfRZ8cDAbLmocL1hz/84at3vetdW5otDB48zkE9+dGxuh0jj/mkXdLUJ00bnRPpEVi6iGviAUhf0uHfGl2nzxZxTtjJLgEEma1TiNQC/eyy4f7pMyRatNkDB31+0bGv3XYP10Wj2ypk/7+x4huOpzzlKdsWJfd5MBgMBrcuJqI9GFwDILb2bNtOghQjXSLdyLIIt3NkGPlGEBE9xEqUUpQYWUa+EGGRTMQWQWNXHh3nCFxv+mgfrvTyi7ZL5wOihuxFAuUhx8gkP44JIObsIpWO99133yYeIuxX92PNcxHr/Mgu/exLT8pb05WVVrrrBFZ76dVWBFYb6UbM5Tuu9ldb67G8Q7LqsNM56UEAUfbtRW+o8W+h3tLimw73wRixDcc9cz+8keaee+65etWrXrVFr/U92z2ADQaDweDWxBDtweAaAFlCjhBQkUhEWZTSfm17mQmy5W/ZRbkRq/IQbOQaOUS+kCtETMTYv0e6tl3jy1/+8vbDSxFRxB1pQ/psPREdRaqRPQSTP/IQa4RNGgLoGhm/hGjT1wa2vV1FNNuPPj0ciK6LGhfZPQY2CKiTILx8Ki/yKh3kEekR6PKkQfoku9JOEW3gb/YhO47ZqO5jwnZ6q+3suvYglLAfYfajRw8tvm3woOJhSwTb1qMXvehF2zgQEaefr4PBYDC4dTFEezC4BkCIimYiSaLbfjBp2wcijDwh1Y7+gv1zn/vcw28eQcQirbYRINuIHIKLiCHldJRv2weijXAr5+0TCDmizz4iLT0ySB+xc41ou44snhJ18Z1d0VjbHgDJZgdpVN8pRD4jwyuZ1VcRde0jUBmEtXTiOlIb1ny4hGhnp3auNlb9Y1Ib6KkLshPcHw8ntr3wyb5rfUaHrnPffrz0pS/dfuhoLPg2A9y/dNQ3GAwGg1sXQ7QHg2sAhAupQk6RJNsDECckGIlyRMz8Xbl8ZNy2kgcffHAjVMgrG7YbIFpIGrIsSi2CLFIuyu0fJkXAETZ7vEVHRa8jgYgk22wieAQx5Jej/IjcKchn1xsuRNPvv//+bctIP+QsYl6k9hhWwkyfuJa+Elr5EVV5a7nKlleZ7CVwjmg7D/vyRP7q1yHhj6N6QD3ufQ8vwA993rafHp7s1X/e8563RbA9ZNlz72Emv5XxUOT8XN8OBoPB4ObHEO3B4BoA8YKVGCJsIpnIaZFpYjsB8opM2/7hVX5IMwIreowMI+qObAEbyDrii6zZYsA2Eoes2wfMBhLNhvLIW9tJinDzCUk+RyZJpPbjH//49gNNviD5kUr1598pqJdkU92R1CA/W/KqW9o+vTySbQKniHY+pNsRskd3jXofEsgH9ehP/avv81W/u8+RZvfDtxzPfOYzr17ykpds+7DdR/3Jzx6W6hsPSs4Hg8FgcGtjiPZgcI2AIEXqEDCEFJlD3BCvtoIgXBFWW0UIUiaaaXsIsibCjVyzSU8aO8i4/d8i23TU87d/+7ebINqROxFUeQieyKjyfEPgpLMVWTwm8kXdP/GJT2wPA9rAFkLJFkLv/BTUuxJe9au7PL6op2twnW/SSP6w0VHaCn19imizQycJ1ZXd9I9Jfcee9vtBo3vX/abj2r1wr+zJF7kWwSb28OtHe7Tpul+Iur6Rzv6h9g0Gg8Hg1sMQ7cHgGiPiBo4EIUMCkT8kWUQTcUXIkCxkrX3QtmggXN65sfoAABalSURBVPKVUR6JE/VcSS4ijrAjZuyy5S0XbCDeCBw9kWc6SDeiHnE9JaC+v/iLv9jeciL6ijSqR3l+getTQHgJnxHJIrVsSNcuvqlTGui/+lAaKU3ZNX9Ffsk7RrSlXUKyT8G9qQ593MONtlSf/evqs23IPmzbRRBsW4D0gTLgnE/sscu3+lTaYDAYDG5tDNEeDK4RipQiW5FKJFIa0ooESkPQkF57rv2IUTpybRuJN5E49xo/pBqZbjsJIG9sETbs7xUhZ8v+blFtrxMUJaeTPmLnnA6yzScEXxogh+DaObKHOH7wgx/cyiOMSD2fal8R3FNgj04kNvJYOrmEaKsvrDb0pePa52xKd5SerdLXNHDkm7L5UrpreZXpfrJD9I0HHN8g6E/30v3y7YWtPt4cI6Lt24ceAqC+Q67VG3nX7ySfBoPBYHBrY4j2YHCNEBmLqAVpSBYCtRI1hNeeayS5aDGR71WACLd05RGzotyA1EUAHf174LOf/extOwK76kP+vv/971898MADG/m2JxwpRwKRdPmIIqKnDj5F8hBq5/Z/O0fQ84N/EVJlXB8TZfJzJcbARgQT1jKkMtK0xzmfAl96WNCG3tpBpzrYyB6ony7pGlz3DQJIV1Y/yWOPaIuHFqLvVqKtDELtoaQfPNqT7WFJG/irL7V7/bZiBfvyHQeDwWBw62OI9mBwA4Bo2R5SBDPyRxBj5Fd0Wr6tHv/6r/+6bdmwBeRrX/vath0EuUPCEDdbEBA8202kIW3s+qMURI8t+f4SXnTbjyZdJ7avqBN5RPoQVjqi1rZBII2f/exnNx/kp6ustqgLSXTueErgUDqBSDD70pBMIp196Y5IamRXm7Ohz/Sh9FUf0knYpOe8hxrn+o/Ik6798lyDvrcdhKgbabZNx556eR5wfDvhXdikvfj6rvogm7V5MBgMBo9uDNEeDG4QEDKEMNJXdBbxQshEt++4446NBCN9oqSIHLJrK4lrZWxNoMuGNG8gQeAQeXaQcJHwCCESTa83nIiW+6tvr55DBuWxpZw0+7G/+tWvbttG1Ic0qpMdJBxJRG6ViageEzilA+x17hgZdlSWIM+RX+1C9NNxrl/prCQ7rPUUQacX0e5BRfRaun7sYUMdgGD3OsV0nCsviu1Hjr5VeOELX7ide9BBvisPtS3k12AwGAwevRiiPRjcICB2EVQkDpmThnwlyBni5seStpQgv8qI5tr6IdKN5EUO6doygSSKsCJ/bCLc9gjbuiDCTUd9CLsotz+7YddRHYiqskj+V77yle11gbacsF80W3lQFwIpTVtOCSCjh/IIREYjyK6J/pAWGXaUhlh3nQ/0I84Esh/oaCfQJXTY05f6w4OJB4/13jhK0z/63gOTev2dPnL9yle+8uruu+/evk3w4MLWvm6Qxp6j8s4Hg8Fg8OjGEO3B4AYgkrWSSmQx4o3gIXeixoBwi1ojwbaKKGfPtsiqKLftJCLU0pFwEVRk2o8pi1CLQivv3ylFyl0rg1yrT9RaPSLmrukg4my+5z3v2fZlI5Ou2UQOEXhEkv8R1VOI+NI7JBDhZB9cr4SUIMil6zd5Hla03RGyt9p2zAdl2eF30XFtY88R6DivLkCs9Zs+UFa/eIMIkn3PPfdsR/3ce8Wry5F/+haqI//ycTAYDAaPXgzRHgxuEBArBA9ZQ7qItEhd5Ew+Mivfnmlktz83QeYQPiTZDx1Fp20FKfJMBxkG+6kRPeQSOWQDWVdGGuJt77cf9CHw/kSHfXuzRc7pK4f8i+Tyie3awV++8vmcRCz3Ao50Iqmu2Qb264/VFkS05UuLyCrrOrvZdi16jfhWBskmwB4b2pgN9m2n0W/SPPQg1n7s6FsHDzH1CZvg4cl59ahf2WxCx8FgMBg8ujFEezC4QUCuIn6HiJfroquRRkcksx9AItTINAJnK4MfOtoy4rpyiJ46EGgkWR4bvU/bkQ4Cqd72JNP/h3/4h+1cZBzJVq4fQCrHvnzXyDoiegr0QD2HpDxEmJ+OpUHprhHXosOupRP9hkDXnwmon43s8h+hdl1fObLTW0SIeuhpqwcbtm2r8bq+l7/85ds2Ed8g6B/lgQ3nRHk+6G++SWNjMBgMBrcXhmgPBjcQKwlExpC6iGSETTpyJl2kuT3ESBtyh/ARsG+bnreTPPTQQ5s+O7aEIOT2UyPDkWVE3baHb3/729uP++gi0OroB37IZURRunOEVAQc+Sy6y74y7B6TULv3AvQi1I7SI6WlE32lfnkradUv+odOZcvPNnEunQ3n2qZdymijh5L+Ft+5NH3n6EHnuc997vbnM7bY6DM28ocP7FQfSItgl5e4HgwGg8GjH0O0B4MbiIjgCtdrxBNRQ9IAeUQI5RHE2X5shNnbQOzj9gM8+4hFoxFuRNE1Emk7CdLNDvLIrnR1KEdXVFz97II0ebaPIJK2RiCWgOwiihFLdvNtTx4jlMkeK/Hck+FIanpFzvVF/VHZtY5s8ZtvzqWzlc/5KiKvbR4s7E0n2qeMPkC6EXh/n37vvfdu0WwPKW0VyVa+rn3gfL0OldunDwaDweDRiSHag8F/AxCtyB9Bykp33TlSXB59Ujoy7M0k9lKLNiOZCKJtH/ZhOweEsjeFKItYeuczEZG2x1skvK0got8RUISVbdciu0goW3ySH+llFzqC82SPSDJRvnO69UvtBn6pS93aDhHzzpFi1wh2RDv7a187j1CrTxTfQ4V2eyjRD/LVp4/84PFlL3vZ1t/rvXFOh70gXX1rnwTXyWAwGAxuDwzRHgxuMSCPSGLkEhEWjban2vuz5du37W0iCLctIoinrR62QCCBtqC4Vg5R9ENIhBuhZYe+iLk6IqrsIpbqlB75PYUI5ylhmx64dt51pFnd9JBbOvWBYzYQ5MpB9oNzRB08WOgX22DsVVcPIq1PtM+PHG0V8cPHJz7xiVtEf29vMBgMBoNzGKI9GNxCQCyRQiQXAS3Ci2DbJoIsij7TQSK9CtCWEqTbNRJJH2G1lQTRVkZkmx6b3nKCbCPlorxFstWtXGRVHUV4A50ViOk5ss0fx1A6W/xRv2t1RbT5Q4B9RFvbIFvZWa8j6/pPmxFuRFs9PXh4wPB39v7h0Z/P6Ae+kNoyGAwGg8ElGKI9GNxCQAhta0A+QUQZ8UMCbXsQ3bZvW0TWP0Yi3fZgf/7zn7/6xje+sZFLBNm2DyQauaSHqLONdEqP1CKi9JHa9mcjxkgt0ul6T2aD83Mkm2hDtlZ7ztXNLzr8QZTlRfwh8uy6dDoR8ES6hwv+y6svtdHRA4StOM95znOunvrUp27n+UYXas9gMBgMBpdgiPZgcAsB4UM+kUIkGvFbo7sIMLKNPHsFnT3G0kS2f/SjH21E2nYS5JKO6C3iqYzXByKcCPk3v/nNLQ0xR2IBARcJpo/UO/Il7Amo6whv54cECYaVJJPS1KEuemzRiVRDDwUeHkrLLv2Itjyv6gNtoQ90bKXxcOIv1O+8886H/8JePaBsdgaDwWAwuBRDtAeDWwhIoShrkWxAREVqkcBIKoLo2nYS0Vl/rmJLiEi4f4b8zGc+s0WzEesHH3xw26/8pCc9afvLdgRTFBypZhuhl0Y30ovoR0KrM6zXjueINkFkPUQ4ulaGgHrUyYfS+CG9/pCnD0D5+gLo0dd2Oh4etA/Z1j8eRuzH9oNHW0ZsH2EXESfKF8EfDAaDweDHwf/4j0XkP2+qHAwGtxwQ1JWEIpOue98z0iyq/cADD1x9/etfv7rvvvs2EikybY+2H/z5t0NEG0Gl90d/9EcbuRbZ7k0cUDQbmVUW1MEH4jyJNJ8CPT5HnpFmwr40BFx97LBXmqM0JFg+/+Qn6Wk7kp19UW2RfW9rueuuu66e/OQnP/x39/3oUTtqr4cKacCeOs+1aTAYDAYDGKI9GNxC8HFF9ojzotsBoUQCkUtkMZIY0ZQmqiuC/Y53vOPqi1/84rYn+bGPfey2nQThfMtb3rKRz9/6rd/a3iWNxCLXENltr7cfC/Ij+UmIdu1hjz6SXQRbGtlH8LVHXcg4oq2dQb3sIcoeJkSutVk6XelseC/2a1/72u3Pf6Srj6/0VuR/5LsI+mAwGAwG5zBbRwaDWwjIJkEwI4YRUHAubc1PXCOUtoKAozdqII/2bXuXdNtFENQXv/jF2x/jIJZIZkBiEVfl6NMF9om6kVVlKpfPJH/lsVW51ff06CDViHflQtcRa+TfuXTXvVFEOnvq4Cti7Q9oiAeM+kM9QJcf7OzrzL99+mAwGAwGhzAR7cHgNoTtE/7Qxiv9vve9723/KGnfMnKKpCK2b37zmzcyna4/wvGKQOQaIvDIu+0lot7OpUWy2TLFSEN0HZFUaelId03XdaQ4wowA27oC9FYpja6oNlItgq0M4X8EGqH+6Z/+6S1ab5uMt4pop/IeLhzVTQaDwWAwuBYYoj0Y3IaIwIpMR6S///3vX33pS1/atpMg4MioHwt6Iwd90WFbTpRDapFU5yLeiDCR7rqob/VEyqWt5ySiSzeyGymvvGugfwjS+aod/qzHX9BH2vNFdP41r3nNtq/cG1f8GLT61ZXeYDAYDAbXCkO0B4PBRmZtHfna17529alPfWp7vZ9tFsg0QZ6RUUBGO0dmnSPCotmIdoRbOflsm2aaapRHapUjdFaizRahI115x+pNgvLyRNSVF5X3w08PBWx4haHtIt6+cvfdd29+8Y+NfJNGdzAYDAaDa4kh2oPBbQrkNQKLZCKsyKlotndu33///dvebWI7BiLrHyMRarqIceSUDWQcgbVFgy7CXX51EWVBmcQ0JM8RyY740kWGbQHJz4Ru5eh5MECq6fGf33z1yj6v7vOKw96SAsqyDepcyftgMBgMBtcC82PIweA2BaJs6wiSimQiygiy922LANtq0TulEV37n5FZe7SRVIRWnvJEGkgjEeOi4a4hcty2kNLZAGVW4kufbvZIZbLDJw8JyrFpO4zyj3/8469e8IIXbGTb6/vyGxzpZK/0wWAwGAyuFSaiPRjcxkBSYSWvCC8CiyDb6/yDH/xg27f9hS98YTtHau1v9s5p5ZtCkNai2m0dEd0mEW26bLOB5CPF6w8o6bAhDWmWpg66dKTxFaT35pPsqSs7HhjsM/cavyLd6meH7FE76ofBYDAYDB4phmgPBoOHgaQiv8gw0hr+5V/+Zftrdnu4//7v/357+wg9BBeQU+QVCUaGI8SRbcTZ0TVd5UTHkeOIcwSZDqLOhukpQh3RdpQujY2i7OA94H4U6bWF/vHRe75tF4mM86Epr3pD6UO0B4PBYHCtMER7MLgNYc/1nriCc0TTdSRYhDny6RV/3kzyiU984urb3/72pqfMKitRdY1ke/2ft5c4soekI8jIMiKN2LO1Em16yLc8+mzxl440/tnOQrLzute9bvvBowi2PeL0gW22Itd0pblmdzAYDAaD64Eh2oPBbYg+9isp3mOv4zrSKzr83e9+9+r3f//3t3+PJEirSHKvzUN+vQEEwRVpfspTnrL9mNLbTZBjhJothBppJsgxQq4ee67l+at0NuT/+7//+3bkC6Lu7SIeGuwnf/vb3769J9u+bD7wRzkYMj0YDAaD/w4M0R4MBhfBVIG4Eufeq23f9j/90z9tf3rjTR8INIhit20E6ZbuHBGX54hE9wNGEWYEGjlGthFjRF3Z9oIj9+r0Q8eAkCPvXt330pe+dPvBI2G7fGDv1EPFYDAYDAbXA0O0B4PBRYhoN2Ugv6LJotai2/Zvf+c733n4r9wR6Ai1P5JBdr3FRMTaDxURahFqKAKuHPu2jiDkiLI6pIt+i5zbH84m27aIINl33nnnFtVua0qkWnn21D1R7cFgMBjcaAzRHgwGZ9E04dg5Mou8IrPItoj2t771rW3vth9MIsVt80CaEWEkG2kWpUa629rRNg/RaltC5P/UT/3UVt77sJUhbIqOI9l33HHH9mPHZz7zmds7shH79mSDej0MwOzFHgwGg8F/B+Y92oPB4CAi1CuQ6wSQbATWthAkGplGkEWVlRextt1D9Lp016LUbNAhtpnIQ7bZFNEWnUaURcNFs6Uj3vQe+9jHbq/tQ7Af97jHbdtH8gnYLPpeNHvNHwwGg8HgRmAi2oPB4CAQ2xC53pNZRDg9ZBmhFZX+4Q9/uL1z23YSUW5RagQZ5PtjHMQbnItQI+tsiVyLTLum+4//+I8Pl5cv2v30pz/96oUvfOHVE57whI3Ey+NP/jlvaiuaPUR7MBgMBjcaQ7QHg8FBiCJHTiOqe7Jq+rC3WqS5H0DSRZbtpUa4H3jggasHH3xw+2t3W0zoRqxdR7ptJUGiEWN1i3r7wxxbRdgSLfeObPuy2zLS9pP1oQDyde8z3waDwWAwuFEYoj0YDA4CWY6oHiPaYAoRcXZEkkWj00eYvYLPvm1vJkG2/+7v/m6LhNNBoAHZRqAf85jHbK/mk27PN6KNkLPxjGc8YxN/D0/8oBKxB3WvU9nqKyLOD/AwMBgMBoPBjcKEdwaDwSMCQosMI8vORbgJgosIe7f1K17xiqtf/MVfvPqFX/iFbW+1/deAbItY+yMcP3RE2JVT3l5uhBtJRpBFvSPZItkIfQRbvWwlkWyQfyjqPRgMBoPB9cZEtAeDwXVFRJcgwbaEfOUrX7n64Ac/ePXpT3/6YTItkm1LiKi2NH/7roz917/+679+9aQnPenhf3wEeUXG17eNDAaDwWBws2CI9mAwuK5Yo8n9INIf1dhO4geTfiz5xS9+cTsXibYXG+n2FhP/Cmnf9pvf/ObtTSMi2W0XYZPYrkIGg8FgMLjZMER7MBhcVxTNhiLPpp2Ish9L3nfffVef//znt/3bfiApSv3kJz/56vWvf/3Vc5/73G27COLttX9IdeXZHaI9GAwGg5sVQ7QHg8F1RVNMhBtBRrgj3Yi1P6XxJzd+MGlbiSi3Hzv+xm/8xtU999yzRcLpI+CQHbblrXuyB4PBYDC4WTBEezAYXDeYXgiC7Igc90PJyDOSbI+2dD+IFOG+//77t73Yb3vb27a92XRWMh1phwj7YDAYDAY3G4ZoDwaD64aizrZ2IMqRbSQZ+U78qFGafP8m+c///M/bXuzHP/7x23aRItlhnbYmmj0YDAaDmxVDtAeDwXWD6YXsifIeXusnqo1ci3Qj3si5aLXX/yHbRbUPEWt1DOEeDAaDwc2GeY/2YDC4bkB+kWxEWMS6CDc4dk2nqHd5wXl/9b6WD67bRjIYDAaDwc2EIdqDweCGoK0hIYLs6A9p/OFN/9zYVhKwVxsB3xPswWAwGAxudszWkcFgMBgMBoPB4DpgItqDwWAwGAwGg8F1wBDtwWAwGAwGg8HgOmCI9mAwGAwGg8FgcB0wRHswGAwGg8FgMLgOGKI9GAwGg8FgMBhcBwzRHgwGg8FgMBgMrgOGaA8Gg8FgMBgMBtcBQ7QHg8FgMBgMBoPrgCHag8FgMBgMBoPBdcAQ7cFgMBgMBoPB4DpgiPZgMBgMBoPBYHAdMER7MBgMBoPBYDC4DhiiPRgMBoPBYDAYXAcM0R4MBoPBYDAYDK4DhmgPBoPBYDAYDAbXAUO0B4PBYDAYDAaD64Ah2oPBYDAYDAaDwXXAEO3BYDAYDAaDweA6YIj2YDAYDAaDwWBwHTBEezAYDAaDwWAwuA4Yoj0YDAaDwWAwGFwHDNEeDAaDwWAwGAyuA4ZoDwaDwWAwGAwG1wFDtAeDwWAwGAwGg2uOq6v/F040mVZvkQajAAAAAElFTkSuQmCC)![](data:image/Png;base64,
iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAYAAAAItCAYAAAAwra0SAAAAAXNSR0IArs4c6QAAAARnQU1BAACxjwv8YQUAAAAJcEhZcwAADsMAAA7DAcdvqGQAAP+lSURBVHhe7N0H3CZJWS78nhw2wu6SkyQlHiTnpJKUjICCwgoKKojh6GcEjx5Qkhj44RGVZCKDRMk5h3XJaRdZBHYR2DRhJ+5X/7vfa6an9xlmHGdmw9T1Tk33U111113VXdddqauXXdgwdHR0dHQccVi+dOzo6OjoOMLQDUBHR0fHEYpuADo6OjqOUHQD0NHR0XGEohuAjo6OjiMUfRVQR0dHxyUYiyh62bJlS2f/M/QeQEdHR8cRim4AOjo6Oo5QdAPQ0dHRcYSiG4COjo6OIxR9Erijo6PjCEXvAXR0dHQcoegGoKOjo+MIRTcAHR0dHUcougHo6OjoOELRJ4E7OjrqbdPzzz9/WLNmzbBjx45h7dq1u9429dv5BRdcUMcVK1aUgzl97Ny5c1d4YZYvX17H7du3D1u2bBnWrVtX4RK/4+JFNwAdHR3Dtm3bhpUrVw4bNmwY1q9fX8QeEoetW7cOq1evLoJH5rk+pw/hyeHPEEDCkMEgiMfAdFz86Aago6OjWuda/zkyCKtWrSoSn7bW0UWMBTLfG84999wi+mOPPXbJZzQAjIdegGsdFz+6Aejo6KjhHdi0aVOR/gtf+MLhS1/6UpE2sj/zzDOHE088sa6fd955ZRwYCr2CKfQernCFKwz/9V//NVzucpcbbnSjG1XYW93qVsM1r3nNXUZjHq/j4kE3AB0dRxgQPCI2nOOYsf1vfetbw9/+7d8WYX/7298eTjjhhGrBC4/sf+AHfmA455xzhm9+85vD6aefXr2Fr371q8PRRx9dhsKwDnni+M3Bd7/73eHKV75yGQDuZje7WRkE6UhXD8ORPo7pHaCmnHccGnQD0NFxhCFDMVrrGzduHI466qgi8mc+85nDN77xjSL6u9/97mUYtPr5ffSjHx2udrWrDVe84hWHm970pkXqJo03b948fPnLXx6+8IUvDN/73vfK6TFo4ZPrmLmAs88+u4wGGUj/lre8ZTny9BoAHTEiIX6yOg4dugHo6DjCkJU6WuCAtP/wD/9w+NrXvjb82q/9Wvkha8M9yP9e97pXkfbxxx8/POlJTxo+/vGPDw94wAOG6173usP1rne94Ywzzhge+MAHDi94wQuGN7/5zcNxxx1XQ0DmARC9dPgBmfwuf/nLl1ER7pGPfOTwkz/5k2UIGCW6MSzIv08WH1p0A9DRcYQBCSNaJKuV/yd/8ifDJz7xieGXf/mXi+T1ELTChUHWhnycI3Itetfe+973Dp///OeHm9zkJtVjuOpVr7pr/uA73/lOGZNPf/rTNXeQiV+yxEXs0cE16bnGgJx00kkloxP/4UE3AB0dRxgQLpI1zPKsZz2rhm8e8pCHFEkbEmIUjjnmmCJnLXdHfuIxGvyQuEley0ZNCn/yk58czjrrrOHGN75xzRdc+9rX3jVpbG7hYx/72HDKKadUeEZAXCRPth6JOPxvc5vblIwf/uEfLmPUJ4sPLboB6Og4wpCWOpJ/xCMeMdzgBjcYbnvb2y5dHWGpJwOBgBE0AyAeP611zvnRRx9bRsNvhE3uhz/0oeETzSAgecNHJ510YjMeW4avf/3rw/ve977qPZgLYCD0IAwDkT+sWD4cc/TRrQfx3Rpees6f/dmwctXKMjAMxOWOv9xgZoAhimHIstWOA0M3AB0dRxiQJqJ+7WtfO7ziFa8YfuVXfqX8pkDIWuda+igC6SL8uQHYcP7GMhArWjg9iBMuf/lhZwsvvqEjvYImYLjc5Y8vUjeM9B//8R81RPSRj3ykVhXxM4S0cfOmYVPrYQyNkTJEZOL5gQ98QOsV3GS44hWvMGy9YCR8Rsc8gnz0ieIDRzcAHR1HGJC9oZznPe95RaI3vOENi4inQKwckg9FZJnm1ABceGHrJTQCZwAQPb/NjfxrrL+FWd7cmjWrG+H/x/CpT32qho/ueMc7Vnwkb7nph1qPwXzC5jJCFw4nnHBiC3fscP75G6onsn37tupNmGu45c1vMfzYj/1YGQdDSFnF1HFgWPGHpv87OjqOGBiHR/j//M//PNztbner1j1yn0KrXMsaoTsi2/QCkDvnfMeOncO25u9azRU0EmdgEPS29tv4vyGcY489pt4BMFfwjne8o+QxBlr4P/iDP1irjDZfsLlknn76aaXD5s0XVBhLRLds2VoT1W99y1vLaJB5pStdqYadOg4cvQfQ0XGEgQH40z/901q+aeUP8rZkcwpErPWduQCEvWgOYNmyFUXGO7bvGNauW1u9AcM45heE0dO40BzCls3V2+AsO7U6iJPune50p/GFswt3Dp/73OdrnsDQ0YYN59ew0rp162vMX3reI2aQ9E6Qv7mLxz3ucaPSHf9tdAPQ0XEZhpa9FjkiBa300047bXja0542XOMa1xjucY97FCHznwLB1th+I/G0+PnNsXLFqgqnJ7Bz57hvkN7DFNu2bW1MM27/IJ30OAzrmCewXJShudnNf3i43vWvX3E+85nPDJ9sLf4vfenLJXP9+nXDUUcfPezcNsZnYMwzMAZ6Cfe5z33qDWNvHNPVPEGGsYRBc+R07IluADo6LsNAksgQ4VYLupHjy1/+8uHd7353Lf30Ni8/pDoFQkbktnlAEcba+V0EF5KpRzAaCWSixT/FjmYYjO0jYHpwdKKboSL+eiU7W5jXve71ZZRufJMbD+vWrhs+/OEP1VDQJz/5iTJcq1aMrX/GQ+8ivRPGhY4/8RM/MTzqUY8qg5e0hJEHhqBjT/Q5gI6OyzC0uBE5gndEiM95znOGU089dfjxH//xCmPPH8M4U6TljEgRqF5E5gWmbtvWbcOyRvwmeznypRny5UwOI2AyHcmT3nWuc50icS+OXeUqVxm279g+3Pve96ptJl7ykpdUuOOPP2645z29iXylmk/YcP6GkpO8IP4sP9WTsC2FYSX5NXfAOKT30nsAF0XvAXR0XIYR4kPgWt22dnjyk588/OiP/mitw0eWCNgbuFMg8QylIGKtf35zLF+2J6kKI80plrfewYUXjoaBLgyHFrw5AD0Mq3iQ/qq1a4YdLYx5grPPPqd2I121auVwzWteq+YI6Hn6V75ScxfmCGxXwUAZDmJQGBGG4SstjPzc7na3q96E7SqEk5+OPdENQEfHZRwIWTVHvFrJz33uc4ef+qmfqhewkK+hE9cRPYcoq+XewHCIp6Wd4SIkTqYwxxxzbMVNa5+LoRBnxEgxjMg0nNY5A8NfT2BlI29DQuPQ0LrSbdOmzdVboZdrP3L3u9d7BIzHf/7nfw7vf//7Kz7ypys/ewrRj4FgHLyV/L/+1/8qY5CdS8kC5/LDkcOAHEnoBqCj4zIMpKiVj8QRon3+kak3gE20Ij0kOSV3DkE78kfkHGJGkJx4HAKfAp1kPgGB+y2cNME1ciIzxMsJj7hjsKTDD+ju5THvC/zMz/xMGRnvFbjuhTa9A0NK5hL0bBg3YeRNOpa96gno/Vhyaikp+XoiQC/hjjT0OYCOjsswED+SRW4Mwatf/erhrne9a7WE/Q7RIsC0/jn+jtMWcoZwuLTiyZ8jBC6cc/HIii4cSE84zrnr+R04T3yrfQzl2FKCEdHSZ4C8YWxIyDCS65arylP0JVt+DX8xeuRc61rXqh6IMBwwlkeaEeiDYh0dl2EgSgSI3N7ylrcUodt2QcseOSJKwy8HC9LiGAeteumGYKeQtjC5tsiQABkInY7CImjvDYj/ute9rl4sQ+i/9Vu/Ndz//vcfrn/969eQlhY/PWLctPj1FswfPOUpTxl++qd/ut5Adp0hcMyw0JGE3gPo6LgMA7FyWsivec1rhjvc4Q61asaSSq1ihMpIAMI8GD2AXCNPnBAxmeQhc6Sb4R7yyBFu2gOIDDqKTx8b1xn6McxjSwgteuP+/I31ew+ALHEZH/L95k+uHoNzenz4wx+uHoNhoCN1krgbgI6OyzC0nrWGLY98+9vfPtz5zneuFrJVNchVC9vvEDAyDhEiTH6u8UearnGIPa33QFiESyYCFj8knpY4CBODAOQJQ17iAQJnnFyXvuuGeYzhS8Oy0HxdjFGxrTU5jJyX3MTT4idTDwDRk6k8hNfiZ0CEYRSVCb2EpyM4khOdXPP7soJuADo6LsMIKf/rv/5rkdftb3/7InznIXEED4iNEwfhccg1RgF5usaJnzAQf2mFJP0OWUqDAciyUphejyxxyaCXa9JGyhzSz7j9NP1xr6AtlS/j/Ho79h2yDFS6rhvyMjFMjvgMi7j00RvydTITzHpF9hgin750dE4P5/xSXpcF9FVAHR2XYVg9Y438r//6r9fkrx01ERkCRJrIzBALUpwiBIuE4xbtBZSW8hT8pyAb8Wp1G2pB5CH+KSIvPYgYnhgAK3zmq45AHHmwFNTEtiGhf//3fy85D3/4w+udAOP9b3rTm2q1kHx514Bs59IhV1koF/sLWSUlnjKiM92QPz3m+bs0o/cAOjouw0Be1tEb/zdcYqlkCDYICQL/uHnbcNryRrhIM3L4OUeOiNUxjj/5MQQJNwe9QHxkzAkXY5PhIGk5xoHWv2WiwljhIy7y9jKZoR9fGLPzqN/8GUXzCNJk2CCGxpCQnUeVnZ1KoyvZ8n1ZQjcAHR2XYSC4F73oRbU6xstfCDAEi+yQMkI0tBISj4sBQIBchncA+XP8hEvcIH7x3x8DkB6GMIhWHGHpyz8GwHnIn8uk8tSfn0lhJM44GN5RBsb9r371q9f8gbkAv2NgrBJSFs4ZCF8uozPDIZwyA9cvK+gGoKPjMgRkF2JH/gjNxm8/9EM/VNeQ4/btO1uY1cOWC7Y0gm4ksGJl80PkyG35sGb1mmHzps31eca1a1YPK9v1ZgKG5Y34Vq1sreRGhDZ827pla/m1H63r0CKL33QoemQ74hqQd4gdGAa/My/gCEiWjhCDEiNS+dq6fTh6/dHNWGwezjvnvOGo9Y20N29pOq0e1q9bP6xasaqpc2GN5VNr5fJG7u1P2E9/+jPDLX74FsPqFvYmN7rJcNpXTyvDIb30BKTBePCjq96TrSX0KshE/obVGARl7PehnheQ/zkOlhG66EBcR0fHpRZpzQJyO/3004d/+7d/q2WSSMwEp1bx5z/3+QqDfJEZP0RvL57//MY3GqGN+wd52QrRbdq0scLvC8uXWzVkWeduZz8fxIok6ReCn4MuuZ7WPx2mbkUj9J2YvWFFk40bhZs6xmbDBruXjm/3Hn3MMcMNbnjDMlZf/NIXi8htO33yySfX19DkHck7KjvpIHV6WBn0rne9a3j2s59dR3kQLkZJ+L3l59KA3gPo6LiMACEB8kRQWrK++mWsmwGw9z6nRZwtEHbuGFfcIH4btiEzBInItfS/853/WjIo45LQOYSXVlzIW9i40qeFdeSkJ2zOq2XfjkiXzgjcb3FjNOJWLm8t7SbM0JPeig/QVAu8HaNLpdmMg+t++06Ba1YGjcNBXyjdr3u961ResxvpKaecUi+VMZyGg/QKDAXFMHjpjEGxqkg8soThR/7hBH0OBroB6Oi4jAApTJ0W6x/90R8NP/dzP1ekqoVtbxz7669u58i/8WPjU38loOLpCSBeBgHJiYfoFpFcSDcOHHbuRLyjE4ZxGsl4XF7Jb24ATFLzr1Z7I1hHcfjFGYLyqUlDUOLZihoVIm2/hRm1aHkpXfxqrv3z4ZvLXe7yw3Wvc53hzG99a3jTm980POABD6iN4uSX8fG+AL30ilJehnwYBGF8ztKSUauIvGvAOFhiKv3DCffpYKAPAXV0XIaAGMbW8bKa+Lz1rW+9i3xf+cpX1goXQHKwRP27gFaWtda/62Qg/v8OpCX9Pd04NIPkub3J5M9QIWLDMM7nrgi+SL3lYel85apmsAwzNYLWEzD0s6GRMkPDiBxz9DF1/ZrXutawccOG2kvo+j/4gzUZ/Eu/9Es19m+1zyMf+cjhFre4RclUTt4pEJYhQPTeLxDOtZe+9KW1UkgZ6TVcWtHfA+jouJQCYWr1AqLNsImjlvvv/d7v1b7/hnvSSjWkod13ueOb34bzi2i1Zrc0cp3CENDWdg1xa/mGfKVJDudcWkh269ZxQtmYP8IvQ9J0af/VF8H0OBA7IhVPumnVx9jIwxQxXFOsWXnR9wCE2dDyC8e2FjvdtjdZhn58q3jnkozSZ4K169dUXMtHtfCN9ysrv60A+uxnP1vzJgwE3eiuZxI9Eb+XzZSx3kvywDEa8/QuiehDQB0dl1IgTiQZIFa/EdarXvWqWup4xzvesYjIS1SuI7xt27Y3Nhy3WjD277ove4W84upbvg1r1oxLMtc2UkOlI9Ftr6Ek/pzwUCuGEF9ziNcwkmEgLXDGgsGio/DCcYyA45zs57/BCh/x525tI+d1jfjFoJsM1jW9j5o0HtPaA+2npaCGebxAZltpxtCQkOEd+fJCGf0YQcNCyjZbSesRZC8i71eIG6PIAFwa0A1AR8elFCGbGgtv5IZUjVdbuvjGN75xuOUtb1ktVuSGxBCiVuzKlatqNQ1S03pH2luqBb97LB9XGmcnl3x+5zcjwmiIc9RR64fVq8Y3iKcGYNXq3ZOx/PQGnPM/GAZgHNnfE/LBAOh9bG/GzZJW8qoH0NJhgMSSzhQbN22sdwOQuh6AD8bopXAIXPlp5TOk8q0s+cs/g8ogmGC3P9Fb3/rWyht5wtCdDpd0dAPQ0XEpBlLjkJbWqGGLl7/85cNd7nKX2vYZEblmWMQwECKzZn7b9t3j8DkPIXMmWy2bzO8tW7Y2QzGu5kG40kyPYg8D0IyCa4yHlnj8kebBMADW+SfPcWta3lBttfab7EBvYUf7XYZsuXT2/Hzl5U+4XJUXXewQ+sUvfrFWCjGgvjomf7e61a1q8tjqKfrIe4aE5Fv6/A2tiW+ozBYSehWuXdLRDUBHx6UEyDukyQGSQezWsT/96U8vI3DjG9+49vxBWlqtSFE4k6LOxxY9okSw4zBN48cmc7dbviJp8BhX9axZu6bkIFPj+gjdKhw9CuRKGj+OENdEFgdZSmv5Mn4tZCNNcfREVqxA5OP6/nn+xIv+8at5hpa+o0lsR2GK/FsQhOz6OPTTWuLIv8kRznnc1q3bhmOPHSdwydaaN3diHuD41vI/77zzWyt/XRnSEL6N45C7HgOdpKlXxSnfj3zkI7UrqfkE1/UShGFMGI8YNcfk5+JEnwTu6LiUAAkhV4SCTBCIMWo7fWqlaukbv7a6RVhYVL1HMt4TCR+QPSeoRbJwrta93oLlmUgQrMgBfo1r2+8908wwDfL3JrKkNjcDN4V8Gk6RL0YLdmzbXmTLzxGxznW3Esh7AMpKi9xRfHpOsWzZOPlsNZEy8d6AyWwt/Ctc8YqV33e84+3Dwx720CLzz33uczU5/IEPfKBeqLNFhLTpwiA4pzPHj0xbU5tIvslNbrLHvkLCMjYMxcWJ3gPo6LiUAGkgM61K5PKe97xneM5znlPDPcaqkZLhB9cRsT3uEdEcc2KHObkLMw+3yAC0UOVvwhfx0at6GO0a8qcvKQhU9Dh5GcVLZzxur8nb3Yg8JE+XSr/9Iz+kLsxcr+XVoxiHZkBccmI046pXszSmX8ZiywWVjwuaIbKthDLVK3j5y182nHDCCbWhXAwS/aWvtzDmZezpxCF3xse1d77znfUhfj0423EzMPKkJ3Fxo/cAOjouBQjJcFadeMPXGnWkj0y0Lp0jfmHT8nU+BzKcg9wpktYU0pljxfJVLY3tRfiIr0i2ne8i/yZDD4CbYrzWWt4tzvjW7rLv2wMgF5Y36fMeQHobwZZWBlu3j0tkxc/QC3lT7Ngx7kek9yJO8remGYTvLb38deKJJwynn35aTao/8IEPLCNg0tfuqt4MtvwTzLFUXlt+QHrkKX/pMiTk+aD9zW52swrLP/m6uNANQEfHpQBpTf7d3/1dveBlLNpLXoYWtFRdtzLFkAJyRERIdk56sMgAzP0QFDeFFuwcq1atqbRNuFrpg9Cky5GJpHc2A7FtFldrnwEoo9HCGZPfHwNgc7e5ATDJuweaLGP+ddrkywfDmOGp4MQTfEjmgmFrkyEMfVuu65x+fp999vdaT2os34997GPDbW5zmxr6oY9vEn/wgx/c9YlJ4TlppqxyH9Asp1dmWOixj31s9QTM0Vyc6Aago+MSCBO7yEOrMeSF/N/whjfUXjTW9yN/RJgvXQmTVi8CQi5IZg5kZvhBeCTrnPFAXojNkbEpcl0iLs7vIuwWhnO+3N48E5AZY0DG5qUVM0etG7dKWN/yY75Cy/8iWLGnX8iUjmlJ79w+vmQV/QzfzMf26/2D6pPsBv2Vhzjyb5iM8VI+CJrhPLrpds455y7FGLG99STWrF1d6RkGev7znz/c7373q72DLLn1NrDeAZ2UozQYELq6F+LJh+vSlY7r3ji2Pbf8uab8GTRhDyf6HEBHxyUMSBRBITbEheR/53d+p15AQhh3u9vdaqUPMhMWiSFkxBJinpL3HCGlXBNn2rrnL0yuk8sZ5hAWuUmXs+wz6XDCGQMSH7E2j2EF18jdqhzhvWFcK4Qq7MxNIB/kTeVbRYRYwe/VzdCMoOvoylA0N40HdKeXa/J/weZx2wn5AIZj8+bRIMRZTSS+F8bElzaiZ6AZZ98cQOCGhSq/DcqSzJRTypIBkJ6w3s3grnvd61Z891p+LSf1+3Ch9wA6Oi6BCJkgDJ9z9EnDJz7xibWiBAEZBjKujFwQCTJCagiTHwPgiLTncE044RMHUYUKQrqAlDjh6DKPN1w4a7WvHA2Llr/tGIrYcHvzk8YxrQVsgpTMOXbUss3dkIZwiDTEvWr52JomW+uc/HqzeQJr/7NldIC8uSm2b9s5Tjw33ZQTWeROYX5j7dqx9U4f94URYHSVx/Wud72aCH7/+98/vO1tbyvydz3LQOktHp2F19Lnp+zIuNGNbjQ85jGPqTkcoMPhRO8BdHRcwoCgkQgCeclLXlJr++3rY8jnzDPPLMJPqxWZIJ1MQorLpbU7J70AkaVFK3zIFnlz4gI/1zhDN0gYSemhcBf4qMzkr9AOWtOgTT++UDZOztKzWuBNLv+pmxsAaccYxZFHFy99ecvY+wN0nYaBWuvf4saJI8/O5bvKuOVD/n0AZ3V9+GYsg+SXK/2bn7ySna+IMcI2i9MrI9OeQPYQoosw7ok0kH7uScqOMeDItxX1pz71qXpvw9xC5bHJO1zoBqCj4xIGxID4fcjFGPM973nPIiqrfxAH8kekyAWQi/Fj5BHCCWEhrzn4C0MmMiRP/BCP68gq8ekTgyKO364h1PFLYrvJt8i4/VmZg9THCVYkOr5NHAPgt/SmTst9ikUGAPHz1zIPodckcLsWh/zpKFyc3/IsvDxUj2cpuaRBd2Gqd7HkLCk999xzdpWXsPRXvnpdiN7LX4hdLwGR80svh1xH5ec6OQyE69XjaHlgBPToyPWBmsOJPgTU0XExQvVDAo5IChkg/Re84AU1XGDZoKWG55+3YSnGbiAUhLpx0zjRa9vjJrFIFyxnrAnR2hJh90tKiMxWD4xFVtQgo63bxu0e7KuDYDdu3FC6IS+EZ8giZMrP+aaNe75n4Bo3heGY8c3j3ZBfaSJExMuwGf+WjvjSpescdOcvDudcGUzhU5U7d4zDOmTZ8A5WNJ2nuHDZReVfBC2IHgKSNHchfeVgd9Nx87lxc71//Od/qL2DzM/YEuKf/umfap7AEJGjPYKyncQUu4xY83efn/CEJ5QRibFSRocS3QB0dFyMUNE5ZGV4B3EYT7773e8+3PzmN69rhny2XHDRNfibL2gEvnZsudttE9khv+ziiaRa27oI2Mdfsi+ON2UR2dQA5OMwxvBrXX1rtdtMDcgVXssWED83Ys8eRpFya6XviSZ42Z40E3KbGgBkzt9v/qjJ7ynE4c/FQMzD7Nze/FtyjFSRvoy1MLt1HrE/BsB20vYfAkNYyuH888+rDfScS5su23ZuqyEh942/5aF2ZHVu1RaUMWp5m4IRZwT0Jhh873IwIlYaeSaUubI5VLho/7Cjo+OwAUFo9RoSsKWDl4tMKvqI+53udKfalAxBaMHPHXK3kRvSRnYjye8evkA2WqghzO/nGIV168c9bYyNB0gLcYacOecxXPGLI2uu59gD2DO9MhRNztQpC8cpSe4tHtCNm4cZ9/oZdWbEnM/J/7+DJnUP+evXH1XGtQxjKytlpvXunum9Ifzb3va29dave5v3NBbpYC6BTHDfhXvTm95UvQXItUOFbgA6Oi5mIH8txo9//OM1EXif+9ynWn96A8aqtXrnRMuZuGwMUeda3d6+dZ5JVee17XNrrYYstYirZZzfS05YBMwhqhCPa1MDAM4ZpWq9M04TJ55wUyf+PD3hRoLe7cjkQJ65ebypAdibbM61ktvKpcI1dyAQd9ywbnSGyAytOW8XK31GwDCPCeG3v/3tw1ve8pa6f/Zk4q9lX0Z8YtgC956/Xpgycb8ZDXMC4F4tinew0CeBOzoOIxAB0kCeCMqEoG0FkIalgMaRLe80F6D7r1UoTojM6hkkNL49OxJ1yA5RFNkJs0TmxvUNh9QH0tsfOUjFMM8YdyRQm6ChSLRfw0HtjxyOTGGRlPNpS33V6jVNPy39pl/7ox85MUJckeba8eUtaZMl/xAyhxiA5IGjm2PgOj8yyEuY6Fh5an/eF+AXWYV2bQ80RV1LPLolLL3qvEWprbFbGvIm74aCdg2ptXgVdsWyegnMZny2k/aiFzI3H+C6XoC4uUdx4rtmCMh1v+XRNh/Ces9gjzwcZBwaqR0dHQuB1E0iqtSWVfpwO6fyG/NX0b0o5LrhAUfEZDK3lla23zWk0QgJsSA/Rw6QBozkNb58ZE6ghmFaGOvex2GZURYDUZunkSONFkZcTtpcCJIs1+nKCSP9YnxpNjlllNr51JErbPQlM79znjRyjjxDln4Lm9+VZgOiTH4TZupHlvDpnbg+dcKF9P0mIyAHGCqbw+XzmMpPOPmc6kEOY+6e8RfPm8N6dFm2697TZ+qS16THEHAmxH2hTENgqtfBRjcAHR2HESq6Lr5Kr+VnqaeXhuwxA1lD7vrUGYZAVI0NdpHXHIiiPpnYriEgLdUaCmrxigyXjgxBSDBuDnpyISnkH8JL+BCnY23t0MLRayqX29b0kCdyhEWWcyLkMuwTB/JOj8iax4kOIUm/AVHvy6UXIl9k0JGfNB3Lbd02bOeX37OXzgLlY7KWTgjchLDvCNgyQjwGk/w5+EtfPEhZ08EnJ21BrbwOFboB6Og4jEAOWv4q/m/8xm/UVgD3ve99axtn3X5kgEgQ6dRllQ/47dOHc7heO2s2EqzWfiPO8uMm49heoJrLnyNEirxcF4/O8QO/c82QU6ERWKU1cTBNK3H25ZChsI4IEhEuChcDIYzf0X1/IC+IWTriTXXkTCgb41/d8leGKfmcgQ7iG9P3bWDzAeYBTBBHv0V6hfilhfTpIp/SUr7eMUiYQ4FuADo6DiOQAffmN7+5xoqtFjF2bHxdhUd2SARZTN0uYmtkgEwM48whjAlKcgzp1Bj8TA6/ajHvcuPQyxyMECJCSsiJjpV+g98gvRCbc7oxPvbnmToESpawCFcLdw+dlpzrUwf8yZYnOs3jIEf6xEgkvInvfTkkK38macVH1okf2fz1YEyw0z3Gbw5x3NfsEQQ2izOUQw5iJ38OuosXQ6Rs8owYTrIK7FCiG4COjkOIkJMKnXOv/v/t3/7t8Nu//dtV8Y3zIjgVPuGKUBuQB/JcGiAoQj3mmKNbGHvSGBowhmzoYnyJy0dOdjYZyJ0Mk74XNmfb4y2bLxC8/dvZSJmRaCS6wv76axvhGVLRgEe+Y2sUCdNlF6kutcD9Dla0eCSK1+iyhWnXm9wMszhH3CZSW9bL4Jh4HreC1oJvZNyu2SRubgDkPemFjJ2HiPn5PdUr4UzQTh2/dnEPxwCII65zcpT/NF33Zcxf6xG0cpGnnTs5RpA+wo7bPzPiGSpjVOTBhH7W80ffuYPSr8Fv8fI8gLj8EuZgohuAjo5DhBC5SUCV17k13i996UtrO2cwVCAckkQ+CEBLMUSWeFu3bRm+9z27SJ5ThHPcccc2srHvv9UnR7X4WrNbarLTuLVtk62EucBLXo08vIdFvvFs/IeoObIYlRgApGbCmEGhi7S5EBgHZJI3bv42Gg3DJc7tqOllKS67azbeb/IQ7Zr62pY9hGwN4bu8tYqouTlCmCkLaTJMU/IvHZp+0zBlZMSfONSZ8oxL7yaka3LeMfkGG8FZbouQU17ikqgouBa87pleUibuOXHSc/KbcdC7mzphXOecMxZ6DYyJvHkfQE+x8lXpHlx0A9DRcYgQgsl4rpe8PvvZz9bePlaIuJ794YXjnCODOVzz4RHLCn0TQHwO8ZBPziKCKIJs8tatt730uHxTePJAeshmDvpmGAii39wtAv3FzZCNfDI8ZBXhNXIdh2EcRzffpmFvYIiAbCQtf3OdMm4/dSH0KULSSJduyi/3KvdgEeemxwHKkwFjlPj7bQLYnA4iP/3008uwpDwtAJg64Tl652jpL0NiLsG9+fKXv1xpHQp0A9DRcYiAnFV+Fd148Ctf+coa/rEvDLJAPIYKkE2IwHnIZwqE87KXvazeF7A76Mtf/vJaMYRYtCyRGZlzaL0iXENCrV1a4TlEE4RUp0CGXOSGFOdujoSPAXBecxFNB3nAp3oohqCmBL161f7teZM8In76LdKJDtPWP7cI9KGj+5T8OfJ3PuKiFqCGuZauK1dlyQCQ5Z66H4Z+9Pymyzi1+BmFqWMcOfFz9ExwFgvE71ChG4COjkMILUqtON/w1ZV//OMfXxOFWoghcISF/EO4i2CDMMTyp3/6p8Nf/uVfFmkbThIHKYqPFOfIXkH18lILky0MnAeLCAapRZ7wiM1x7uYgi56OOTcGb/WMngi5hq7ov6WGgRwvqA+y7w/oAeTST/leVKdxZ9GLzAHM4L5IH8k6MtZlsJaMCCyI1q4xNOP1vDuB7OXXObkx7s7pxF/eyZ+6pD114vAnk3GyXPhQoRuAjo6DAAQzdwhApf+zP/uzWvXzB3/wB0VcegPIQosRiansSAKZVet1yYlrKMC2AD4H+YAHPKDk2hbadhHODf34JOTeyXDcxdLcAJlWtNABIXH8xJMWeeIgJrrlN/20XqUhHCTc3JElrmPOkWFtC92IVZo+C8nP3kPKAUGfd+55VV7RKYTJCUMXZOgao0kuog7pTp0PxSS/3DgvsrV6At6A5jfOhewu6zjpkOm85Ld4ejCMlIn30RmuGXsf0eUGN7hBlRMdfbyHcT7llFOqFR+ZdFNGfiN6v8lQFnqJyku65AnvPplDsEngoUI3AB0dhwgqtda+YR/bOqvQKn4IDRmo7BwiCZkgW61AO0Nme2jLRf1OizHXkb+jcWdkMgfSnbtFQD5IPYQbot8X5GPqEBg5Uxdi3cM1AnUEk9VWCzF2IUFwjAOEuQhz2QtGbUoP17zVa9hmTSPd0ViMSzAdXdcLCDlL1yS3+YlyK0bn+tx5YUv5u3/e6/AGsHsUA+C+Mfzul2fCb2k4nzvvg3hW6KyXqEwOFboB6Og4RFDxtQK14lT2jPmmNQiIB+Hr7nPOGQatQmRkmwiTxmTEgDAsiMYXqIQVxw6URX4zIKW5W4QQNb3GFu5isp1DuLmjx9SV/449nZY0f0D+0pcvx/JrespbfpOzN6M0TZsTdhHEV96QF7piAMSTpvsjHBnKY1pucTHWU2eCnhF+ylOeUvv3eAOY7noE5gPkzaQ9Y21y1/10zYTv3NkTyrsE4tPNZ0APFboB6Og4RHjHO94xPOMZzxge/vCHD7e61a2qMqvUiAXJIHMkp+WLIBCC8+OPP75a/n/8x3883PSmNy1CER7RIyZ7BX30ox+tsWHxGQ7HRQRp3H3uFiEkSD+EFuLdF6Q5dQgViU4dv2wNHWflDEMA0qJ/4spjho9SXnQLec8x18Ey1jnkz1CT5bLylzQQevItPfch/sJYnmoIqdyS/OnqpThxkbdPQ7qPVv/YyoEshtswjvtNDz0Dw11a+87nrsqrpcNw2FE0S4YPBboB6Og4RHjOc54z3OxmNyuC0ZLXSg+5IpeQAWLXO0AIWv1af5Z7PvWpTy1CAa3HLBn90pe+VKuBHvWoR1VY+9AbKtCqnGN/h4AQL9JJC3d/DYB8TB0ZCGzq+M3DeV+g/V8y0tKmgzIBBoFzjUu8RdhTbguzIBg9XFuzZlzySafkU9r8/EbeexiAqeFamgMwYT137p2hOnKc65295z3vKWPNz6Q/4y5/frtXDL3zufM80IsefTO4jo5LARBMSBThW6bZOGO4znWuN5x7znnD1a92jdYK/PawfJllkYY2kI+tEtYUGSAHR5X9Ax/4wHCNa1yjCJ9M48aIA7FoWRoj/ou/+IsyHghC6xJZnNeuo9UVq5vs5nxkXWv4gq1bhk2bNzW3eTin9RboiGDoSS6yQ3ycViq5JjmXLdP63u2KLi40Hr/7OJLq0sdRGoHKB6NEH1AunHF+21RY/28Mnnzhj25h5dH5mtVrW0tba9yH6ne0ns35wwWbt1Ra/BxjJOgOdJe2ITPn3BpvNq9aWWXBOT/q2GPK31fUztu4YdjoBbWWxpYtJuNb3teur3NifU5S3pYvb4S8as2wvf1e1XRb1n5zW5uO/IZWJstXWsa6tgVfNlz1Glcf7nGve1ZaX/rKV4arXv1qwwmN+KW1rZU546vslQ2Sz8ohuvNLnhz1GrIqSf4c5e1goxuAjo6DAASmEmutenvTmv1b3uqWw41vfOPh+MtdrogXZZaBMETRiFOFRmjIQAXXIrSC5L3vfe9w5zvfuYjYXjCGFowxGzZ429veNjz60Y+u8Wa/xUMg0kW0c6AyBM1Zv37U0UftIsqpQzh0I09Y+dkfSDvGRF7IcWQYlEfmK8ZtJxphLh2POmr9sLa1xr0dTG+Gx5JKk6yGXcQ3tOJ6y1z9NoSzCHSmL7c3ouRnO4p8J8HRV9NsVjcaQkZqWfXEyr+lvUvmzMlzlWc7Fw6xi2/JrTI868yzymgrBy7lH0OF9N2vGDJhMjzkt3LzLLj/Jv/pcKjQDUBHx0GCYRiV/NnPfnZ9EORhD31otXbPbf4+IK4iIzskASEEld5Rq57xMG9gmMcKEi1qwz8Mik9GPrTJRCb8kQZ54u8NwiBSaTEGWvnO5+5gAdFGZs5BnvdwTefdQyvjfIB8KCNEWAYAwTajhSxdW7QD6v8E0iFf+rbRYJiUrQli6etxMc5zlJFZypett90DX3S7emvxX+Pq1ygjbZ8mE8F6ccpcGj6yrzyk636T47e88QP5lyY/24Ts7Q3vg4VuADo6DgJUWC31b33rW+VM3p7bWpOGXSwh3Lx5fDkK4VWFbqSGIBPPmD+iy/r+tAI5H4lHML42db3rXW/46le/WssMxddK5GBRSzEt6yLQRlT5Upa4U4f4HBEVPYXdH2i9iiOu9BEb51w+yCFv7vReNm/aVG8FgxerLA0tQjZ21uKOPYCmb/sjq/wXQPrS4ZzL6xxk28jNZG6Faw55k89I2+1T2WT4i3+u7ZoEXnJ0I8+5eD7EbygO/uu739llAPWGDDnRXa9v06bNu3TNkJv7LKx7kt5X7g/Qx+9DhW4AOjoOACG3KRCb8XstP9cYAiSjkgsPKnuI2jnyN/ZvxdBjH/vYInYvfomDQIT1ndlHPvKR9cUwvQzwboH4RS6NpJCE3yGOED4CG8ksb6OOL0iFJF1zLr2R/MaWOKIiO/I5NCRu0ZHjkpNv4SFxHUF8aWRoRniIjBhEO4K6JIyhmnzUnhFoWlQ5IEdwTp50xU05xK90b+lHd0dfPiv/Ft9LYONw0zi2visf28chGDrpBRRJr1+/NMTjmknu8cMxdHXUszvn3HOGG97whsOJJ540vPENbxiH+FqA2vCuOXlhXKRHB8eUT3RIHqSj1S+PykLvL2EPBboB6Og4AKQiA+LUbbdplzd273GPe9TYt0qcfeTXrltbPQGtRsMdWs7imdB98YtfvOt1f0bDOUJGMLZ+uMlNblJLQRGFeNJFTkgLSXBzIJNy7Vx6zrRaNzejQh9pk+WcoQl5FgE3vRGoIRdxpTMS8QhHBE6+8MoCSXFkcjGOdJUXvYIaXmnnRebttyWp5BQBtx4AUgb7BJGp12QLi8xPkE9HkLby8Zvufud+MLqRlRfOyhC2dKTtPsiPISaQB3MBdDa05rf4u41n6wm0cPSk8Dh8NQ5Xuc/nnXtuzdGceea3atjua//xH7vyXFt2N1lkWIJKl9xHeaoeWpNVshtclyf+nilbgIh7qNANQEfHASCVVkVWoa18sUnbFa94xar4Jm+LfGZurMyNrNpRJf/3U04ZzjjjjOF3f/d3dy3z1LpHKIyJMF4EQ06cdEE453GIIyTp3HWE6LdlioZamgalb0ht6sRF0PLCNQHVIhYnJI4QEd+uY0uHE38X+Tb/OeiCfHPMeRmJdlQWzhEfPaK/VrthIu9Q0BshKg9hpadH5LfyprN3IxAyWD8vDHm2zjBmzxgj/pv/8A+XYTmqhf10K2vw0Xorkqr13WSZjKeDrSAYy1vf+ta7CJtBMoS1thnhq7V0GKpb3vIWNW/z7ve8p8pqf0GWvCk3+sqHc2nxT6/nUKEbgI6OA4CKGjLSErQG3CTu3e9+9yIHe8MYSpg7pKFSG1pQ0b939tn1pic5ehDiIRvDPsb/H/GIR1RayECYECxyQhJ+hzC01h3L0BSxrhhbtlryF44E4zp5c4fkHKekLg3wu4Y/ktYkTW5qAISdYxo2Qzv0sz9Qi1BxdxmAdowMxH50a5F/6tRTq8eDnJWJozJEuIbQTNYqn1ve8pZLPYRlZYCz66jylV4ZsSb705/+TMk2P3OjG9240nIvNzZjc/5557XzrcMPNyNRPY+muyGpj3/s4yXLcF16MXR+2UtfOlz+8pdreRonbY9ruskv+fuLsXzHMiKTEVOmGhV6JIvK9GChG4COjgOACgsqK/J8/etfP9zhDneoHgAyQQbCzJ0KjmAQnSWHiOQrX/nK8Pd///dF/oaEkJdvwXrRy3yCCUbElhYyIOe57DIy7TrCsGMlYrUdtGEL50hTPIQ5d9acgzToyBgIb+yariYz5+nFkR0D4PccdFImnI3pHI2rSwe0zp1X2rv0Hw0cEj7//A11FE9Z01VvwDp65+KKg5hHo3VhtdwZPb+VseuZtPWRml1LTeuraiMJcxuaXCuCxDFUhIjJ0RshS7n4yI5ei/kYLf5jGul/57vf2bUf01FHHV0GZ39AZ2Wn3ORNvtIryJYSKadDgW4AOjoOAMgKQYaAvPH5oz/6o9Vq4z9u02A83VJP6+HXtmt2v9zSCNmY/M7hHe+wpv9RtfLnFa94Ra3/9+bwq171qpr0RQbkk418ipAbwSAq5wgSeSAl8HbtihWNeJr87Tu2Dlu2atWbgDXMg2y8a3BstU7nLrLJI98XwXbsMATkBSYTryuGE0+8fMvXMSXvggs2tZ7OebsMBl2c0xN5MW5pcW/dckEjzNYC9zWtZqSOWr9u2NHkH7VuzbB5UyP35ta21vWxx/p6lta41TLbWv7Pr/ysW++9BPmUFzJNPDN2eiomcRkfBsVum663IiCoHelWvaemn4nw2g21GRLEXy+ntXzr3VywubX2W9hjtPCbn3yYLLY6Sdr02b59a0tn53DNa12jJXBh3dMf/MHrDde97rWHb/3nN4azv/u94fhj231vafsC2zGGlI4+ZljR0uGnN5byYczcN2WvzD03ejOONo1zzXyQfYMYo0OFbgA6Og4AiA056wGosCqpc5UbtOa06oTLkRMOMaaFjaBudKMbDSeffHKt8zeM5BoDgkQRhXAhWjJCtohj6hD4HNLmxBWHW4QYFg4Q1RxpmYI8IC/5EVd4euecPrtl0Qsr707HpxX5+xawl7/4p8zINdSiPCMLhAF+lV6L186ILSgXQP5jC34sF2GV4fqj1hfBGlYhW8Sa5G4knw3pMnk8+o95oW/Sdu5tbOWop3a3u92tDLVnQPr0d1RO8sMpN8615EUY98Rx7hgCZalHKH3hDhW6AejoOAAgwJDq7/zO79T6fJUWYavohlVCBjlyKrSVItb2P+hBDypZDMmd7nSnWgLq/F73ulfFQYTICmmRKz5I129kMnVkzxECIw8phcDnQHDR0XkIbwq6SReKUBuJKgcYSX3UI8YtxMmvnZYNqF5B06WMQvMUTniIPDor1+iBzMkqA9Ou1ZLK5q98kLfwHN0c07IXXtog317I80Y2Us5yWkM7ZK1ZPX63wAoicyj8GZiUA3lAD2VkeaahOS1018xHuC/Sz32SfnSIizz3Y/pcTJ04rnnpT96dHyp0A9DRcQBAUCYj3/rWt1ZL3eSvt3hVcNdCBFOnIiMpE7wISMvfmL8JTuTqZTBvEHvhi5FAiCE1cREIkkIQIaKp4zcHcuJCpovCANmRUyS6RFRTRAbQJ8SEXOkZHegnzciyBUWl2+xTvWXb/pSRoZjkjQw6COfcRLpz12MAHKtVXi12S2HXlkGo4R56kNf+ah1+g/SnxlLZKVO9K+dQhqZdM1digj6rm0qfpnfKTH4cOVs6a9GbXNZa1xOwkktYcqU1J36OPnQB8tz3eRguZWKVE/1jZA8FugHo6DgAqOAmIZ/3vOfVtr02ZDNWrwKr6CGtOHBUoX08xCoTO0YiI7uE2i3Urp4/9VM/VRPIwjIKljCKg1ykSa40/JbO1IWQpxBePE4cbhGQTnR1zs2RtEFayDNHjp7iSyPhRllLabZiQLYtSIU1xl5LSpvufitPxCp+DJf40dkxuiF+k7T1u13jkHf7WTrRo8pl6YPt5GbC25CNIwibl7TqXQdl0P7yljD5/JIfQOJI332/zW1uM/z7v/97yRQm5U1uhn6Ed9TzYFhAmBiLuaulqE2O9BnCQ4luADo6DgAqJ3JG3j/yIz9SlfyqV71qVViVWAW2ZBG09GrdeKvwPhUonI9+kIGc9By0TPUITPyllYh4rCoiCxEhGc458J86LcW5Y0SQqzghpYRHQiEdxCQ9Ldr8DvkhUr/JQcr0TivadUd5JE/YEJ5z+aOutE3EIlny168fW79MI11sDmdYxdi/dGNMkrb48q4HoSyt5jFsg1QZFYlI3wor+T7u2ONKTq3eaX+uefnM2n+60zeG4exzzq6VPd9o98HH6aMXHaQtbib3pWdr59NOO60+7v83f/M3pRu9GYQYQmU0LWdH5cTl/mY30LnTK9SjBOmSf6jQDUBHxwHCah0vbCHpkPIUyEWF19r0YhKDodX/mMc8psaOEZyjngNCsRrISqCQHaJAOHtrBSKaqUNW4kwdVEu4OToiIuHoJg0kZALTOWPhyCGiOZJO9OLmkCf6T520E9dy0lrrv9MSzHF1izjtX8mjW3R1njxB5aPJQ9AYmizkv6npSzaCNpTjXL6EG4l7tUR23SPvRThnKELsZTCbPikrhspEsLRTTvynxi55MimsXEFekD8oQ7/JZuCFyT2QJlmL4Jkw/APKL/IOBboB6Og4AKjIxv69fKQyO58Dsau8aVV7WcwYvx6Aayo3g8CQ3P72ty8ZCAnhhzRCNoswEuduF7KdOog/kIuAHENC0igCXPJzLJKdQZ6lQxZyCzFPET2mrlrftQ3Cznpb2li7l7BufOMbVRxyGB+GEuHT75rXvGalI67PatIreioXMPSivJQx3bzha6KXcfvaGV+r+ML7tgKQAZ/97GeG9U2WtMy3yCsi93bwho2td9GOP9wI2DcUxNFj+NjHPlZh5E+vzzwAg2XyF2FDygWm5QD0Sx6cC7fIgII8557Tf1E5Hywsa4rq7XR0dPw34ItcL3jBC4Yf//Efrx6Aiq4qqawhLhXc0VCQt3xf8YpXVOsfueUjL5/85CdrPPnnf/7nyygYRrC6BCkhQnLTCkYc/Dnn0pkiOkwhfeFcQyZkkoc0uciK3iFXYeayXEdiWsRkIW1DH1MgybleWtPG4uliqOe8887fRWyOLfmG1uLfvnvlj7SjtzFxYavFvW18m5p/C4RZS4Zr9PHWrjF8b+QyMjXPUFoMdU1aq5L2qtXjy3MtrnzbJylyXTdktHr1GEcZkU+3v/7rvy7DL11bRvA3fOWae8pfOdPfkW6OrpOj/Kzucu7aHOI/7WlP27XjK1321lv4n6L3ADo69gMIaUrwVvJYA641H/LhH+IW1lucjlqkDAYC1Fr0W+V31Dt44hOfuIs0zQeEtJEJQuLslslZMz9OqmZy1ZCC1rux+bHVLk16pLUZP3IckTud/XbOUEmPn6MwPnDC2dFSOrY6kLZv+Voe6Vy6Legejg4cXQ3ziNv+L9K1IR451tpbqWNrBeSc3/JNH8e01kOgKVeEOCbm3YZtTfKFw4bWc9je4q1p8tata72aFjf5iwxfI7PWX3ko1yqHbVvakT7jfkl2Sl1ZH6wZV/O4JmzKiJzoYAmvN7+t/kHUdOafo3QSlu6gbPXuHEfDt7tH5Sg8QyR8GhVcyuJQoBuAjo59QOXkUmGRi1a6cX2tuZEsxoqs8iIB0LJH8hnauMtd7lL+yCRDPVq3SCbDAX4jDbLECVkh2zIA9TYpghm/QuUziUWqRba7l54CkqFLSAnIYhg4hBMjMEXSJ9de9yZRW7RyWy7Qe2i9kOboxABNHQNx0okn1QQt/j33nHNLLyRr1c5JV7xCjd0b/z/zrLMafTdjRcf2m050kbYx9xCg4ZYQsTeJtzWypsxVm4G19BPxe2P462d8rTZyq60cEH5L1/1gIKRRRqHFu8JJJ9V98TLaN7/5jaZf07w5rX1fTFu7ds1w1rfPbMQrf6PBZMwdrdDK8JQ5HauAzKGkTPWIPA8pdw6pc3qCyhzEN+Q3vS8xcl4AIyMGxLVDhW4AOjr2A4golRT5I3UEi1QAgYew4oRHCF/4wheq5W+8WcVnNBADAjHkk+EN15wjJ3E5pEMWOFr9kt+GN0x6klck18gCYUxbltKJUXLkco0TNoZg7ipOc0gT4e8PyP7Od7877ry5amUNjUhTWZFplZMWLUKXd5B3Tl6je4aW/BYH5C35APfBbz0Bsq94xStVnpwjZZvNMYw23lOuIB2rfcQTzoqeMlDtXNwYXJP7/MHRMl/+4jPktmlmpN73vvfVecp26ug7dZB0gA7JkzToqFFg91NpCctFj0OBbgA6OvYBlTAV2Dj9a1/72loC6GUupKXiauGFVONMHiICwzrI329EyM+7AOJpWSKdwLn0ECCHHDLRSeaWZhwc/c46eGShtd5+7CIVMpDVIjBWDBiXtKfExaEcwyYcWWm57gv0YZiaUnVORxBfWkiTAaCzsoCQnXwlHB3kwzXDa647r/uwRIjKXisfybdLu+SCvNd5C6pMyBRXTFtMGyain1Z75bedc4wvuXQTn5/4Sds1z4Cy00p3X+kn/NSJkzykTJ3LI93IpS958pZrnglDSo65f8IeKnQD0NGxD6SCqoiWa/7DP/xDGQDw0XcEoIILN3UqtFU+hnVs9YD8tFptG3HWWWfV/IG45CI+zjmyUvk51/3mT+bYqh1bhTYuc42hsM+N8CEzhCX9yJrKZKyQD2cy0jwE0oofZ3mlYRnOy1reit0fjPkw3j5O/CZtetFHfkKojuA8+iacPCQfyFCenTev8geGxlvBTUIZHGkL414xDCnTyk/7XcTcfpOlVyBcXRN+yelNpQeGnAHR04ssyMohq4tM7jPQ8jJ1rpOXI0dveeOAPlMjTL64ngvnriffhwrdAHR07AMqMai4xqMB8RvWsQZc5UZSiEBYpJdxYP53vvOdi/hVaMMeCPflL3/5cNvb3rYIUYs8ZKPii+s3OelF+E0eY+Lot2WLyGEX6TWnRYvUhEEsnOt+IyAypRFdQz7JIwKkkxemLIcUrz6L2OJWL2fnOGHpd72f0M6L0NpReCttdrYwiMukr7zIN1IFxkqa2eOIPjkHupGHGMkA5SNPfo9yxg+217LNpsPRRx9Tw03W8Quzft1o4JSHtLzkZf4E5FN4/sqKbvIjz8bkXedHD7LIEdbWHOZ85NtyXqBnDDTnHpMhP4aWxJV/6Sg7ZZnf4hqmMi9wnetcp3qThgR9WlL83A96SPNQYcUfNiydd3R0LACSCgFbAmj/fi16xOQaokEiKqujyq0Cq+i+EeytX0SlIhs+0INAGNb+p3U7RdLjz42Eu++2GuK1fTHZdBA3RDIHmdJwFEaa3JiWSdvRsIDfnN/0taxTC1/845uBQnTyrnzs+8O/9A1vXWhnzd3j7MrLufDC+o1I4ycdMunFyQ8Dwf/oo46uc/n0NjFCNQRUE+IN5Etr3BaiKSALju1f7lNNSLdzq35AvoWVluvyknTJQ950A8bhda97XRG2dwCQNd3F9zwwUO613p6jaxzDquyEAYZQGq7Js/hk/dzP/VwNCx4u9B5AR8c+oIKqwCqvl5Ke/vSnVwVXeUMeyGUOxCGOCUUteZVei48BePCDH1ytRSQzB2JANHEIaX+ArJBMiHxvQLpxwjuKGyPgfHS7h7I4X9iyBBSsnbfi5uxGhBsb0fmymfX9GzciQwQ/xrGKaGpMYiSVC6fslAGylJbfwoSEHfV6YhyUuQ+6iGvF0aaWnmvSc805f3LGZaijFfI/ne3xQ64wIWtgSDLnMl4fP4rjXJgYD8sz9frs2fTABz5wuO51r1u9A0YJcesl6OEhcxPg7rdzsoXxm0y6pldkgpmfHqX3Cw4nugHo6NgHDDcYutFlRxSpuCGXveGd73xnEZjxfiRniOA973lPEZqJPmTl+hyIJ8MHcfsDBBWiRSiLZO8NCG7qIEM5cdtbi5nclvFqYRtWYdiOa6Tma1jHH39cxc3KGkNC3zrzW6UTIwOGOxgdxlFPCtHSE0HyI19YwyHKzHXLIpU5R750168/qj6WryeiJ2DeQYtcuWn2u1/Cau0rdzp7p0E+7OLpLV/l+tWvfrX0Ymj9pgN9IouhR/A272N0ELhN+5C2JaEnn3xyEX8aBIye+Cl7eS/j2fLivopPLw0KjlGQX88Yw3G40Q1AR8c+EPLy8tdNb3rTIpAMUSA6pBLincJbolqIKjfSRwTI6PGPf3yRpPhFqDMgPYQh3bj9AV2QC5nIBqktgjAJG5c4afVWvlqeKm9L+aP/OOm6NDG+YnmRI+IzJ3Ju69HYfO3rXz+j9Pe+AHIUdyTmoVY/GRoTH5HKm/yCc/GkozWMcOnz8Y9/vPySH614afIfjcu46uhWt7rlqGP7+/oZTYftI+nW2H2LZ52/4aLPfvazRfbSojcgYyTOyNDNlh2uI2W62MJCWnlr2xvc9Neb40eeeMmPMowhcK6M6SaMsuXH2MiTc3EMFXpWDie6Aejo2AeQgIptOacVPKeeempVZEhlDqmp6EgHQVi/bhhARTd5jACcIxdEg1A2bLCtwtph5QpDI61lvd2whSGgtcOa1etaCrYE3lQvPNEB+YEtjHcRTUuv/Nrfhe1yMyt1vuzCRjpbdwzL23HNqrXDquWNAJv8Vav0LkxK2hLB0szzm97WxSPh7fWy184dF9ZwD8PlpSpEZgjIMlSbpMnjuLJGPJuvnV3n3sQ98aQTWpyVw/qjkOzSFg7bzUesGo4/7nLDBZuN+/vk4VnDurVHNTnW8u8cVje9fOqxPuvYdKHj5s1bhitf+aqt3I5uZbB9aGoNG1tLftXqNcMxxx0/LPN2ciP1Na1HsLnlZXnrHRiCupxrLey2Vm4bz99QefF7WSvzyx9/uWF1+y0P9b5AK1e9EvdETwTxa91Dhqn4Q4aDrAZzbihPq175ZPLWfSbLdfE9F/ylMxqs3d8+QPiGCPnp0egRHE50A9DRsQ8gBJO3hm+09LTeEQYC0bJVkRGGIQ3hkD3iZDhud7vbFWEwCN4gdT3jwBW3kReSsA+N8XLf4gUybU9gqaM16/W2bHM5mmydA9EY57btsjFu51rpmr9pxZs8zTwBIyI/SGdsOTdCaLoivBoSWbe2NlyLrsdfbhzPdo0s6ZjH0Bq3lTUyQ2S2RyCPLENdgCAZr8985rMlyySqFq8ew7nnnVtxlQO9kPXVrja22oU17yLP69aPq2n4wec/9/kyvPLjRThLc+0Mqhy+5gMtLR/r1q0vgpW2PYTgc60HsGbt+D1nq27oKV26I21HQz6OID3lIN/yz2i4j3o3eoV6CGQJL23lR+Yc8sBfmStTZeJcXDp6rjxrhxPdAHR07AOIyQ6QSA+5IysVNRVdpbd2W8ve2LON3nzf19BDKj2i9E6At0YRrqEghGE/nCKDFs7WA0hqJMulD660NBEPGbtcI+58BWuKC9sfXTiE72jPHithkLXf6TnUeTMGyA2JGq8n0wof+apN0lqcG/zQD5URQqzyZchnw4ZG9IzItu1l6OTHWDpyVEZ5+1cr2PyH8yLTJvfa17l2GbZjjzm2jCbjZsnpiSecWJuv1cZxO7YPZ33bNhHN+LZ4hlrSqrakkx9c+9o/UD2SDL98qvXMlLdysN2DcmsKDWe2nhg/BpHMa7V7YLJa3rOMl2Ghv3MwVOU+AN0ZCqCHXiDZho3kjQEQRrnKv/JbBLoBfYXzmxz5MlTIAMjH4UQ3AB0d+wCCtE+/F39UWhUfUai4Wm9IQasQ2SF6/kjhEY94RJGmyq51qoeQ4R8VHVFUhTc0gXwb4SAEfkjQef1u8ZGXdHYfx6GgKchDSFNXpNP4qLZLaHL4IbZxQ7elN2BbXGvqndOhPrvYzrWgkbIJX8ssET1nOARZHnPsMUVmdATndJNfCCm6Lk3Ho1t85wzfmL+xd3P0MeOHYNp/RdLiAVGImkxuXFFUl2poym9gONM7qqGpFoeMGNF6OU2+WlhGpt5WbqAjf7rQX3jxGP0YA+m6RjbdGbv0bKwEMrHtGSFDnOg6h2vSI8MRpMdfb4gRIuNwohuAjo59ADH93//7f4vstdy18pGBSozMVXaVGFEhVcMbSNyYbl7wQYzCk2WYQY9C67mMyOZxSWDG+Q1pkGkbBoRQhN8cYqpjMw5a6HPQoUiw6eDNXef8MKqhpia0yL0MwKpx7Tk99Q7IZQqER6AhY7LEF47eu1wzggwhfTllQ2+ERnfxyRSPsVFenDJyFLbc1nHsXd5GUzRCD2b8NRqtpdOlw3gSf3lb1wg6Q2WVx3Y0CVwE23RZJb+txyNm8l1xl+4dWfTiz4/ugd+uJZyhH8N4r3/960sW/ecGIPLnoA/kXvrtflhNJc6uvB4mdAPQ0bEPqNT3uMc96itNKigCVGm1ghGaip9egeEPBgK5Gy7hh+yNGZs4NISENFzTY9Dq06rWwizyatcQGblF9o0gvLSEYPgBQ4FwGQg9Amvx05KkHwK02iUtYL+1iMknE2EbxvJRdmHojoAQq3X157VrIWhbT9gW2VyCvFUvYGlNO73oL10y6IcY6SofrtFn46bRWIyEP670EQdxgrKsyeWWjnNOtyU9kYpXRmLbrjej9VSQPtI0nk9P+//Lm6GpWgGkl9PyzMBt3OD+jO9X6J0dvTRc5R6SocUfMnbvhOOP+KUXw6z8lL0egGE/efBGt16BPCpPUAbuaQyefLjOj1xlQw4dpGX9v/PDjW4AOjr2AcT97ne/uyo34uKQhd8qMyCmkIStAiwXtQtoEXKr/IaCdPMNESGbIi6k3GQh+anbvPmCIuGpQ4bSRXziIRKrXfjbetnY/v4ieZg6rW262l00QxG2VoCQcu3ts2SUrAhCuggQKYYknXMB/5LfyiAfaNerIPuo9UdVOpFfBLhEgrv2HmrxlDMiFzbGQ/ltbARKb9eLSA3zVJnofbSWfPtLvkyy1yR1GTVvdY9DZGQBefQmh4s+/B3dV+ecBoB4VoPJF7j/4Lq4jnNIj2HIOw/y4176/i/jmvI7nOgGoKNjH0ilN/mXlSoIYWoAQv4qtZZ9thMuIm3OShabiAmDxHZV9CUCmQJRJF5cpbUUpzZq06psRIeIbAQXkt0fkD932WSOnOqNIMYmT8vbsYaFWnr+UHQRZQtf5NziZ5mkfIWQ6ZOhE+da5QyGF7mQt2Es5Wl3zrSGa4imOfEiIy3ztWvXFYHTRTrW7dPNdZPmVi3pqUiPDhFGFoOjxyDe2d87u8U9b5duIHz0BsRc+jSnXOjn6LdwysgzIZy8Z5EA+e7Xrvs7QZ4VeZGu33oFjIJzR0OGhxPdAHR07AMqqS0ArOox2YvEkIBKHsJQ6VViQztgmMFQglYnZ08gYUKGwiIu8bVup67Gqpv/1FkiiqRrJcvSeD7SQ5a1zPFCK39GXfYFOswdgpMGuQjNxC94wxfRI1oEZbgFcUpYasrA73x3V97kl87kZmWN4Rh51hPSy5DOla54pSVZY34N3VS8ZlDEkwDjYrUQ0lzXCF6ayohO31ra159RYEwMr0lDL4AOJn8N+xxrmKeVD93oohdWQ1hNtt8gnry4r87z3gZ9xMs3CcQBz4GwXhBTdqVvg7h0cpzD/U4DQIOB8fOMWOVU5dCgjA8nugHo6JhBpZ9W4A9/+MNFKCqprjtjgDgQg5YgolChESd/48HmAZCFVmq1UJu8GvJpfgyBuNIZHXKSkjdmV1fr2zYMvmzF35erahy+/UCkgtYqIATXyO5MRNjkmthdsVLLXS9hXMrZcnIRZ/jDKiMyuQsu2NzysabFa4Zm29ZGbt8rf+8kXPkqVy6io4s4HH1sv4CQ5UnevCQXMg0Ziocolc+OnVYDrRqu0uRt2XJBfXnre9/z7WOT0iuXVgWtwqDDtpbW9777nSav/WwyrtmMS73Q1VrcWy9oPa+t4xLcazSDzCCuXdN6LK0cvnraaVU2hqh8E9g5Q+E9A8th3SNDaFdr8ZQ1vd2bEL3ryY+tINyruGtf+9qyVATuOdDi56zuMhfgmSDHNflWFuI55nlixPIseEfE8+LTkra64CdeNwAdHRczVNhAxVTpjdNmojBr21VuFV7FRxwqOBLRqnOutasliUzuete7VqsTcYnryCGiOKSPnL1Fixit00eOiBHBFcm39Go4psUYSdmQgxfKRjJH+tu224CtkVs7NvNykb9Nm+x5v7nCk82NL5a1q81vem7jtZ0XIkgEhSxHI8DRV1kpH/mlC4TkXJNX4eRHOs7JFp/B8ptcrmWi+RvOaUYGgbZ81u6m8tmuy2+MTI31t79Vjdi1wKVJB7/zLoWeQpVHMxj0YU2Vmx6d+xRyzn105BAx/zwH7pN770iuoUD3W5ruLYOOzMlVBoaGpmUQuchdfD1IDQfPxv3ud786BzqIdzjRDUBHxwKosIAovvjFL9ZLXCq2Fp9lgMhcZf7oRz9aZOCFIi1fLUErhlR+L/cY00UQ9g9KC+9Tn/pUyRYPqeT9Ate9RcsPEfjerKPeB5K1mRmCQRiMjK2REeWHPvjBsRXcyFY4OpNVpLcASInuIIy09Wyig7wKg/Rufetblw7IzRLYkC2IMy8H8MYzv8hSlpkstjQ2BOjtWiAnvYYDAVLn8n9TfjwWml/7J20vkDnWkFYLoqzkpfyW4oSsY+CVj3CccPIlT3o8/IQz7JfwccLKZ8pK2ebIX8/QcyGetHOvxDuc6Aago+P7QGVlAO51r3sVURmPNsQTIrR8DxEYx4W3vOUt9cIXMjQ+7M3fj3zkI2UYVHakatsEEA++/vWvF1m6bnkhApGW7SOcIwoESaYhD8s3Q0qWVd7sZjerc8QfQoOxh3FRhLiBUaOT/NABQZnrkK4wJq+lK33kx4AhLPGUzbwcQH74RRY9yCD/05/+dLWWGbW8XSts4h4I6GloR77l5fymm6Wn5HofwM6h9bGYpjddMokuLCdtunEh8DjhHMlG0uJzykFD4F3veletAPJbucZNDay4ZDt3VH5kOpd26dR+g2fgcKIbgI6OCdISBOcqqDFe47RawSZFkWHCqejOka8XvrTMte68Bfz85z9/+Md//McyGvYEQgTCIpXA7ylhI4AcEZjriAPBZfVL8ywSswTUb0fhxANkIj7DsQjyITzQhc75DeJySJssRw7kN2SVvM/Pkx8gR3i68VdO/EK2kPweKKz/N4SkN+TNZVtLrFu7ruVtTKe2j2hl6To961vHa3d/rYsBcU+VA52mLsZSOckfp1fnmp6b4cAQ+9TJU8pKnhkaRwZTut6XMBltJ1EQ3vW93bNDhW4AOjomUBFDZCqtCowAdPtVbC16hI4wVORUeJXd8JAJY0NAhkGsHLH1sDHjV73qVVXBDReQKw5SckR+yBGRaFUnDOMTMkXaWvtW5yA8JERPhCEeg0AOvTh6Iy1pzF1avK6LE4LiyGLApMdfGH7CIUhQRohR2tGPzBiKlIu0xBUuZOi38otc8UB6flsiysmbfLpOzuZdcxbjRnRkebmtKVOyvRPhHQXh9ZCsmLIhXm0d0eR7ezphlSPilh89Lnv7W6Kr3Ez2pnxyb8RxTd6UkclfPSB50JNxXS/Ay37JC/3oGUMwJXbXhHU0lATKWrjDjW4AOjq+DxA6UlaBVVjkgPyQJH8kgRhUdj0Ald8KD5/2e+5zn1tj3iq2T0giA8tDkYlhEESJYMh1LcbHkb80HUenVb+nm0NcJDp10pk7rV46SWcajqGLcw25S9s54iM/DsSje8AfWYtHPudcS5cDspXB/kLaXDtrx0aqLc25m0P4eVn5VjG4f6Vf+21OQwuc4f67v/u74cUvfvHw1Kc+dY9PeJbhbXHkS/5SFsmDHqHroFxjVJXNHKNeuZ+ji1FVjoviHGp0A9DRMUNatQja+D0iVrFT+bPbJUIIQTAKKrGWPyB5RsI4sSEkRgKpIBJk6FwrnhFxjTzxyZSWczLjX/vpzNwc4obQ46Qzd4iK3LRyFxFPiDy6hDinTrxclza/RQaAcx2UIbc/IJeeu93y6gHN3RyLyosuoPXvhbroZ6L+ZS97Weltv6df+IVfGF74whdWuSh/5ZU8cfJsGMc9lI77LD/KgREVhv+iMr1ofkbjCuIvinOo0Q1AR8cEiEpFVemdMwImeBGgbroKmwk/hgFR8EPmlgTmhSjkr3WnhUkechAnrX6/9RS0iGNg+EuTI5efI10MYczdHPb/CVHFSWfuGDHEhshC4slfjiGrGAhGai6bC4nR2W/n/OjMOVdeHJDPaO4PSlbTY9Rl1GeePjcHfedlRRcw/m+4zG/l4J4ZjnnGM55R5WBC3SS99xeE8T6He8RYyKOyEY8BoJ/ydHQPhTecpMzoPAe95rrbdhpShocb3QB0dEwQAkOQWucqqVY84gqhCYMEVGi/tQKRO3JAdCGAL3/5y7WM0jsADAF/xGKMn3zhI4NMmBqAkOrokMee7qLYPUQTJ525o7u8SR8QX1rEnN/plUibnBC48xw5+ZzqLg6nrFJe4BzIRpb7A3KzB5Lhn+YjkYu6GegxLyvbUEDylZ1ClYN03Bfl4Zp9+X38J992kHflIpz7Io5eoN9ZDhojyvALkzKZYtRrTwPgufAMXFzoBqCjYwKVV8XUOkdUWn9+8zfRhzRMYmrJIyYOoWrVmvQ1rowMuFvd6la1Pl58hCEcmVqNjkVwjdh88tEnEX2K8Tvf+V4jmGZI1h7VCMPQgt7B6mGFt3xn7oKtW4YWpLaO2L5znPAkE6GEZOnpPESca367JrzWbIgxYZCcvMofyB+ClC/GThjxkB6jkt6E8OSQp8zEiWEhj0OEwnLKJuer1rS8eht4KT87Lmx6tDwmn1sbaR/TelVW+oT2bRqnXC2P1Vuwk6oX1zZu3tDiNyJuWdq+c1s7krltOOf8c4bNWza1dFbW/fQyFgNNX7/lh07G9ul+4okntbzZ7tmOrXp9a4erXe0aLR87hvPP2zjc7nZ3GE499dM1MQzZCZaMEL6yVG4pB2XEXzk5psxcO9zoBqCjYwKEqOLmHDEgghBrgHTirxJrJSLCDLOo1K5nnJ8jFwFCyFCYrKW31LO2U15rO+XdrWZpHCjoFr3JQTR0mztpCZu884PE9xuJxQ/ye0psiT+FPCJWaTM+U2PDSCg3xkQ60SN6zVHl3mSB7SOU1fpW9jWs02QxVD5eE93o43xv+ZYmsgfh6Dp17tvmTZubcd490evzk/yvdOUrDVduBuTbZ327VgOlfMnhUm78nC8qm4sb3QB0dEwwJVvnyEq33soQlRiRISEVHkF4AcqRnxfGhHUO9ok3Jmx4IR+IR1B5EQyJgBenyECO17/e9YrYtHJtK41IENyBYmoAENHenPRjAOQbccHUAAgXP8hvOtI9ceYI+QknTtIA565z5KYFLtwiebXyR/x2nu2wkT+IZ/lnC1VpBc6T9tQxPvTQayNTfPdbz4hzrgdof6baubQZavfP9xDo6z6jdPdLeIafvzDyQWbykXxe0tANQEfHBAhBZc05EkBu3spVgVV0pJBJYCSdZZ2PfvSj62PiWvTG+f/t3/6tWsbeHTCPkIlh7wYghkwAW4kinK0KvG8gXcbB/AGSIu9AgdRCPOQiI8e5k46wRa7td8iXHxfSjB/4LTxy/X49APJcF54u8jaVoUy1rF3TAwgxLzIAysseQlLx8hfDVb2GFidLQlcs360rOOeS1zjlSvfooyfCf4oWsobWpKGHAfSjh6M4vscgvjyCc3nh5CHlkvtwSUI3AB0dE6jUIR5koDWHIBCIa4ggldkReQmnxWcYQytffETPMBRxNIdokIZ400nFIoXGZt7ybR41DMQPidieOS1epBa9bAPtOp1cJwcBhnjA+ZR8/C45LU4R5iRsSE9YflziciW/hQfnCZ+wHLngmnQ459Jy3bkjOdO0YxiUFb+01J0nzBTI2M6e9KoP1JT8pluTrydAHgMx1T1y4hfnfgpPx+jh3LCdMX3nPtfp3kJ6BH57j6B0bXLsbpoeFLnkcNJOudFheh+il3BByu1wohuAjo4ZQg4qqQpqYs9vpG6M3ioRxO+al7+Ecz3f/tUbQGi+CGZiMaSGOBy9hRrZiPv444+rnSvhvNZLIENYb6k6Ry4+dCIO2OkTeTAkhkBOO/30Ij9XQ3aOIaOQTYiHrlz8gI5IcEpC4vN3pEdk84OkQVa2TyZDGskfWSE94fkzhJAw4kfPauE3+eJwkRXHGJMlXRjzuOfwDkzDkE/WHLmH9JKm8nT020Z84kfOtBwYgVZKdV/WrFlbRik9GEh6wk/LOWUQmVMdIWEOJ7oB6OiYAIHBdNhFS9Cbnyo1AnINUQnrYyyuq8jGhIXJHIEVJgjG0I95ACThul6CI3LQ4rd1AfLWmre9QV5U+vZ/fbvi2+5Z+CKYJdLQI2Ak+Puwio/BIKI5XAdyECgZyCy/IcS1L+zSoaF0aDKUByJkJOkjT65x0gmhxy/uUCJEuy8X3UDe6M+fAfc+AD+9jOpdTZz8BuYGyBA25C1/KdtLOroB6OiYIUM+iN2bwKnw/BE7Qk9rTSsyFT8EiQTF9VKYOMIgSIYBOSAMYcTzu84JaKThmla9t1cNb+gZVPhtu1uxdDPMIY35pxDnIBvIcJ0MQxkMDDnJx/6ArD10aDITn0xH16d5Ewb4T92hxKIX4ha5ReAvb3mvoyzzDBoA8WYQGBJ5du8Rv/iL7sUlEd0AdHTMgFiRvEqs1Y7AtQrTYlTBjfcjd2FUeoQawosfUhDPNePKroUgQpIIZ9PGjfXb9ZoYJqsRus3NhK3wO5a2bGjxyY8Mw0HCk8vNIQwI7zoZ9JnqSY/9QaVHh4boQA55CNO56+kVhGjF07qeukMJ+aHHvhw93Wuge3poCN43G1yrspo5y1BT1l4yE1e8lKOy4S4N6Aago2MGFdoYPoQUrM4JwanceVEM+CEEhsIRsSARQz2InzERl9FwnSO3WuLNX4vfsI/15hvO31BDQiafEYrjho0biogQLj+EimB9BAbxntd6JaNudgdd2/zXN521zG1V4OtkhpCQInIa98GPEaArQiZz6ppdGdavPWrYub3JaW77lmagWtzlFzZdt+0ctl2wbdiyeewZKR95JId+ykUZKRfXNKPzQlvcsmUrWp59dIYxWD6cffa5wwWbtpTcC1uUNSvXNMHt0s5mMNvfqhWrhjWr5FcZI3DGb8ewcZP19+Y2drumRDtaXWQrZ7u2rm9l3Qx5c8piRcvHeH3t8Dd/8zdVDsrEih66m7e5xS1uIWtNr++1sr6g0vO1sk2bNrTe2s769ObK5t7/gfcOV7ziSXU/3Asy9RJjZBgR9w1SPpxyyfMEytxzcbgNRzcAHR0zIEcVU4VVmUHFVGlVUkgFV3FBZRYP8SN3cwbii5fWd0gRKYhHnnH7WgFUMI4/jk3rOUzdwQQCQlj0ozNjh7imjr70pG+trmk61fLKlk/5yVG4udsflIyZS9ryL70mrMpITyhj8ec3I7qpGUpgQI8+ejTUUyhTQ2OM6njcPdk9hXtGhkl9adLdPWLMGAPlwohPdRTHdWQvPMMhjPuprICM/S2H/Q13qNANQEfHBIhCJVfBkaOVOPycpzWn0obEM64Pzu3/E2OAKByRjDBIBqExEo5lABpp1AqgJhNFkUk2Apq6gwn5Qf4cXRFd9Ikz/1DGrYW11JHuwoYE67hEilO3v4RWMpqLDEfLOa21t6zSS1eGWmridaIXwyAu+K2sFqG1s6s8x+NFyR/cG857Gu4DucrafXSPnDOUpd9Snjm9P/7KxyIA5aenxk/ZutfC7Q+SF6DDIkN1KNENQEfHBCH2kIOJXOTnTV7+aaWG9D//+c/vInbLRL1VigQdLY3Uenc9BsUxO4SWnGXLd30ukoxvn3VWhTmUPQD6IR4O6TAE8j11SBPxM0xa1IhY2LmTj6nbXwMwlWH1k+ErWzgg/c2bLxg2NgKmxy65S0dvRdvRE1z3cfs5hEv+OMNs/OZQ5sjefYgxNPzjfngPwHwMTHXlrO7K0Jme3qjHOJ+AwMldlN4ixFAoN3E9A4cT3QB0dMxQLd8GLbq0Bn0xSuXkV+PyS61D/ohARbZzJIJACn4zHuI6d0QK4vhIDLIhz0Zu3h+QplbwVVuPA5kIN3UHE8hGrwTxIS09Fb/njsESlp7ySEeGYNeR/u363O0PpjJ8ucskN30sgzWpHfJOL8HnHZ2fr4Xeygds0XDUURc1jvUBmCUDzpm43RshZ0sPThhzNgy0e6JsYtxL36WjsFr97pONAd1zYV1PD2B/y2Gql7hkHU50A9DRMQHCMIaf1pyXtpCfc2TgmsrPaS0ig7TwQxaMg/A+BYlIkUYmdYXJxmf8GZhqMbaeADIw9EEH4+3QKHXYtnVb7XI5d1rpabmGwJCqrY6ls2iIhkO0ITRxxRMeyKOrIx3ltyle+ZBn+USo5irIoKuyYuASB6RDpnghRL/5SxeQf/WCGmHr5ZgLqXRaT+o4rpXvrtb7ha0l3sJrlUvT5yH5kTc1PpwltHoVG9t9oFPypFdhaKsF2lUOdNFzk0/3x7kPvcun3/IlT47ySU/3jONviFA5pDz5y4Ow9My569Ljl/KgV3p3/Ogk3OFENwAdHRNMiQRRI3PDATe+8Y2LEFRUlRShqNj2/tES9Ju/Cm+IwFbQhoe8UUqWD38gQOF8YB7EJ8+e8sa/kcPVr36N2gLCQnNGAdHa8tjwyNztD+g8d4wFXTkkxslDDAKi8natsFi2ygMJL4Br4sgb/f2ep4fYIGnE2MyRPfqRtKOwc1n7A+GSLy7bZezuUYy9C/nPpx3lmbHnz48hqPBLuju6V2TTC3nTEfwOhEu6yQO/5DlxlBU/zwcoGzoyPIcT3QB0dMygkqr8Xt5S4b/yla8MH/zgB6uSqvje6lV5VVgbuwnLUNzxjnesFt1f/uVflnvta19b4YQ30YhwVHzyoIi2tfSvfKUr1+SmtAwjGRYygLC8HRHJSFZakXu6/UFWwUwdPeQxhIrY5AtZOU8rdSTgJZJfIsI5yArB0RNCgHHiQwxOSHUOL7vJl4lgTvr7+vzj/oIO8jS6dt6Mq91bv/rVr9burIywyd3qKTTnN4OQMooBGMtk7Hk5KquEqXJqZTA1DMl/8swPyOI3LQvhhD+c6Aago2OGVHIVmRFA4Ihdq1AlRRQhtwwFCO97wLaHFtaeQT/yIz9SrX1Ez0/Lm2yGBIoAWut+9ZpxaGR5MwaGNpB0S6h+C1+tx/b7Im4/YKuCuaNryFCPhXMub67Jz44djYCXwmr910qlBcgQifhA37kLIUpHPvP7Imjpj39j9mryeSZrfyANZWYLjfG4uoaXSkYzLLWs1Kci27nPQca5l8rAOwDmaSzvpDMgdnLl1TlZfteLe+7PEpzLnyPjkDjJMz+IEfZMAJnSzu/DhW4AOjomUFlVUpURTj755DoaIzYkZJtnYcBRRUYGWo32/neuJ2ArZ3H4mWjkTyZCAJVfXEMsJi0NAW3fsa2Ib8fOcTXM1m1ekvLiVyOPRoYcIrM6R4vcjpQImuwi9Xateg9NRhmSJtNEKRnOtXylxbCsbHFHg6M1ahO3cZ2/cfUyQEtoMSuel662Nf12eEtrWdO5Ga6Vq8YX07SGkeeUvFIuDMNoVOR/1GvbNoZwzHv85BEJLm9yWyRXWjrtn/xMXPuvxbNkdnS+CaD9XUNiri0Nm9Xmee1npdviMbJVBs3fyqEtW8fPN8Jv//ZvD7/4i784POQhDxme9KQn1VLejPlzIWf3W56ywZ8JYEN98ie/7q1nh8EXPs+QOK7XPWp5mz4LtgKfIgbncKEbgI6OGVJxVdB09S3r1Bu4+tWvXi8OZchAWB+Lufa1r11j/8gBUWjlI8RqfbZK75w/4kASSCB+ksuwTpFco7Rt243TIx8Tg+NwDaKTnhezjNGTzRjwG/3H4Q3yirobEYrvN+JfvZphcw35mCgdidMSzCa+CDWuPrLS2KFSbUe9ga2NuI3Tk0vP6r00HaZ5kVflFkPHD8Ej/K2NdOWF1BgA+ub6sqYjBaUpDef0mLrKQEuj2L0dL6wM+dyjclQWjWAnaXqnAPGvqi2iTURrgY/pnnbaaWWsn/KUpwyPeMQjhl/7tV+rVUDuL+PNcDPs8lLl35xyRtLG6hkAPTz510uUVwYj95v/eH/15sZy4UcOGfz1KiE9A36HE60UOzo6vh8MD2jVqcxacpyKr9WrYhtHtuZfDwFpaD3m2twBIqjWbvuNEEIKIQrXMoQQV5OXzWUSE/kiYXMHwrq2CBluqvmGli6CWgR5mzr6zEHPtOxTDiBtjv7iyUOGe5QFHebyDxTSbomMhq/9LlktXauFGA5/Kecp6Bp/wzYI3P0yuf+ABzxgeMxjHjP8xE/8RBkBO4EmjGEgZSYd+ZEv99aKKPdFL0K+NRCQPud6ymYK90n5kEMX4S5udAPQ0bEPhNQgw0Djyp2dRRRW+9z+9rcvwkglRxoh96lzDXGEIMlAFvwRSZF885+7RSDPNeQH/xNirW0eJs4k6f5CnmNgFkHe5uVwoKhlnA1Z20+WcpN+S6jSWmQMhaMnglb+4C3em9/85tXKR8aMtz2fnJ9yyik1fLeIpN1bMqRr8l8Yz4X7z7m2N4MM7hN31atedcnn4kM3AB0d+4BWnkncGAEVX8vwjDPOGJ797GcPL3rRi4ZPf/rTtSbc8AESEDYtwqmDIu0lAgsZxAC45hj/uD1fwHLcUURkiWOLOl5bQKxFjA1a4a6H/OYwNDJ1hozmoFsMlCNH7/yWH7/pm1VFU6M4dQeKWgmUcloqPz0BBiFSXVsEeY9eeiZa8SZ8+SknhHzqqafWy32G965zneuUrNwr8YSV15QnpOcnTMpgEXL/3Tf364Y3vGH9vjjRDUBHxwKoxIg468G1BrX2EIJxYi1/BsBkr4nD97znPcNLX/rS6g14bwC5CKulDyFfhAUhiyKyJUIDBJPfIUvhDPVUS79dI6vmDBqRpKdRL1G1MMhWfATDiUt/8Js8v2MwooeVMTUXIGCLbyy9DE/zj0FyDtGVDHnK9SLjpbSRnfAhO3Fcn8b1G/jRSdy5AzpHlu8mky0+KBOrhYQhRwzh5En8xNXKN64fP2F8p1kc99Vv95hs5M7o6+lJR3i6CkNWhvjcW/fatTwb4Lc44grvXLr83R9G0W/6XNzoBqCjYwIVk8u5SV3j/Vp5GbZhFKwR/+hHPzr8zM/8TK0jN0/AGLz61a+uViRizB4/KnpeOEIKSAaZIIQQVciDAUAYIR0EwrkubPkvreVHfEXcF47EmqWa4kGI3jXn/Dky6vrSt3NDbCZLYSyD0WgJ73dkOo/OQcJJRxlxiM5RWtHBefKhDKZEPqa5p2PUhK3VTVz7Sx4r/y1dkDYdrIzSK5Af+eWSHn3EYbz15hgEK3hM5NKLQfcJTyuAhDE8pBcgD+4JkJelwHRH/pb7kkW2ew7Sg5QL+SnzzIlIQ6/h4kY3AB0d+wDC+PM///MiE5UdWdjnRwvy6U9/+vDe9753uNOd7lRdeiuBkMg3vvGNeuELkSAKk4QhUWSBQBAEMpnD9ZCycwRUhMloNL+QyRwJ64isGJ6QECAmeSDbEbmBOK4hzxBvO6lrUyBR8cDR72k+QrhB9HSkQ5zwU0ff6LgH6LKks5a+pZyGavR0xrekRwM4RxmLpbhImZ7uoVY6XZx//etfH25605uWbHpbxWMLiOtf//rVe0PU7rWyEV+YKqMm132nr1Vhn/zkJ3dNBJOtPEC+yI6/8I5kKn9l71m5uNENQEfHPoDEjflr7SHVjPl6jR8Z+HqU3UL/6Z/+qYaF3vCGN9Qbvfxf9apXVaW33JAhQAqIAEGEpOZwTRjXOARZfjsbobY4RVpLrc0pQjQB+eJxQNaclOJvbiFhkaq5hTmEE48+jmTxIw/4ITekGae1y09aUyfO1C2CcPQyNNUCjWm54HzFmBcrouYQb2pUxKOLvLmXCLveuG5yDOUwCGS5h+YBGBl6J4+Z0yFDy90191mvjsFg6MkS3jWQVsqHf8qWbL0Iz1O2gbg40Q1AR8c+YIjHUk+tPS1KhM4AWEL4oz/6o8OznvWsWj3ysY99rEjEewFvetObaqXQJz7xieElL3nJ8OY3v7lah1p+WpMIgywksQiIIy1PYWs4pJGeOF7uSut9CrJcFxf5Id45EQojLn+tXEBwW5puIW0voS1qWYfgp6SO0OjoXP4c6R0nregzdeLQdermoCN9vDhWRqfF89s5mWSvP+qie+e4Tkf6OEe89K3eQ4vjPjLmyF+e6GOvpne/+9275m6ETw9KOSVv0vXb/c5wUIwJWfQD8YSNv9/SUybi223UgoGLGyv+sGHpvKPjiIcKO3cIwfiwMWHdfr+RZggW0d/73vceHvjAB9Z15GaOQGvS+wGGFxADY+CFI78NFxkqQgquIQuE4hrCQFbkO5eWF7fIFQ74Fym2I2JCMPFHVn4LD/IQMuK8kOXFKC9KeSvWS1NW/nhpLC+SkSNOZDgn11H+XY9+0ncE6dKLQ3TyhtzJQX7Sj0xxhBOfiy7Sp0e9HEaX9rd5sy0ndtSnIfUCDIXZJZWx0gvYZDnmps01TzDqPRpWaUlfeUqDDtJV1u6PPZpM9iJxE/m/8iu/Uq17YeVPfjhxkg8v/Vn1da973asm/d1jeRUmvYUYNGUF8smPYdKDtE2IFUi5fnGh9wA6OvYBpGHcX8XWatNKRAohPk4P4fTTTy9CsR8QwjEP4KUi8fUYXEcy//Iv/1I9BNsAIAxDEFqmVqGYOLacFKRHth5HDdHMXAg9rjZ7WyI5DukswjweF6KLA+lP3aJ4c8TPEbmF4ObypzLiEKTwSSvlHjcO1TBAe7oi1xZ2TStz8Wr7hyWZuT8I2vCNsCbvlbEJfsNB0nnf+95X9yy6RQeIrDitfwbekSFgMHIN3IO4wDUy5U+6GQ68uNENQEfHPqAia/nZOgCBaAlzzl1Lxdfa1ZJE5g972MNqPfkTnvCEMghI57a3vW3tQGky0otGhouQj3kE5McYaI2aoAx5OJK7o5H73M1f3kJ0gMjS4l2EEPPULULyBc73Nx6iU17KwTBKWsNTiBtCjBNeWP6Q/ExRWznPnHyuXWt7hnVNzhhX+uSQgdTdL+cMsQ++WAGkjNwvw0EM+C/8wi9UWcur+HMdnXN6aVaGuV/C600IL5406OPZkK5zcXLd/daD8GxMy/fiQjcAHR37gMk+5J1VJHoBKr4hgpAsgvEb4SEyrVXfCkDmuvy2GtADsK000uH/tKc9bfjN3/zN4cUvfnG1cA0fWV1EPgLJGPU47LS7xRtXe/9MnFUyCDStbHosQghtSmyIaeoghk6+HEOAUzcHUuM/NQCOc/nTtHMUV3kmPWUcl99egps7H8eppbHbtpchlB6ZkacslYuJ149//OPDfe973117NiljRplxp6s06BIdyZjqyb3mNa+p4SPGRA9C72JucKSZBkLiusYx+OaJhLu40Q1AR8c+oNJq5SHuvCyk8qZCA8I3NMRIpBegha/ymyR+1KMeVYYA8YhjDsCbpgzDta51reEZz3hGtUyRPZCPjIABsv597sieOiS3PwYAqXE5FxeBTR2ExBCy4zw9bhEiE+nN5cYlTGQ4IkuO7tKE5Gl33i7aE2L4TFpbJlv7I7VwyWPuEYfU85EePS33ii7ui1a5L7hJP7pFxvz3v//7v9e9dn+Epyv/QFr8HQPx46/nQEfnFzeWNaUu2s/q6OjYBRUdmT7ucY+ryTuVVyXW8kOMaRnOKzQ/14XXqjduLIzWpiEg14zvWxFiNRHjwgDoOZhLyEtKjMb3vndOxbX+vTaCa/KR3upVq2trYzDxOe6yuRsxBNLikOAi4kGEQYgKkjfO0Aci40LiyibX+YO4MUKRlTgJF4KfQtjI5+jrqPxcM4FqN2r5Idub0PKzabMW+GggKo1WDpsv2FT3h2GmJ1l6WeZfvLHNOEeu5buMtknZRWUjjxoAegtkGftnRLzw5x0QssmaYlp+dJIPcaX38Ic/vCaQcz8uTvQeQEfHPpBKauIOKWuxq7ygUofw5gjBIE7DBeQYZmBE7nrXu1YLVG/CWLS3iO1GqRfwnOc8Z3j9619fBsPKI9cvd/zlikxW1WqdlcO5rdW6PxCWCzlyi4Bc5Uka0kOySAvkQf6Szxw54UNs/EN8U4TQYW9lBcqGPHog24RLWpExx7HHHjf2dpoOyNoqJ3KUN72i31ve8pYa+9f6l0flzzCbxNX6F2cO94cRcf/obhLfxL5yzPDeImOmvKdlSAf6SNOyYv6LyupwoxuAjo59QAVHAMjCyh6VP5U+FXkRqWnRu6bl6ToZnHFoE4/3v//96ytiSCRk4ktUwt75zneuoaOXvOQlZXBOOunE4ZhGRCGNdY3A9geIZ+4WIXJdl6eQvnwyDmn9Tp1wMQBAhnhzJBzsraxAbyitaT2sIvUG4cVbRNCApKXrvigX8WMAxKMfeeRr5csLQ+G6/Dkq46Q3hescHeRDXMNFYFURP7LnSJ6lL36O0jKkR2d+Fze6Aejo2AdUZpN9xuxVXBUZUU2Jb1FlRpz8hXWORBCPJYjIgUGx8uQud7lLGYV//Md/rBYmuXoNrttC4pd/+ZeHN7zxjcO3mkFZt3Z8Ocl7AfsDYeduERCTfLouj8jUsIexbgZM6xyxzp049EXAeysH14UD1/emwxTTOMKLl/KewzYRynP8mE7rCOwc3+ClH73EU/5a8iZf5UdLnPyXv/zl1bMjn4GYQ/7BMBzyR96GljQE3BuQ1hzSJNP9jsFRrlr/0vdMLDI4hxv9RbCOjn1ARVZhOUM0VnGo0Cq5yo9kQjjIyrnrKjogG/5pkWbYwDlysCTQvjQ/9mM/VudeEDNMYT7AsJCN5iwjJf/Wt7l1I7gdw8ZNG+u3VTCIevxq2DjWTq+4ECC4Fn2nYaZumleE5Uh35MgoCAPOuVyPn/iITRrxj2wIWbqe8Pykdcwx45u13nHwUfjt263JH3sj/OnvreBRxjixa0uMMl4rRt3L6LZy4Mbw22oYzZyLYR5j9/ykZzjvec97Xg3HKW9yo2fgXpFjCwlhTN77/ZGPfKRkZgmofk99cnJ5000eWvr0G/WwdcfK4fwN5w/3v9/9qyEBi9I73Og9gI6OfQCRIQsThZyWpDFk/io5IvY75KZSI0b+kNa1sOL4rUXNQDhHMnoY4EUwcwRamFqb3jK2pxCeePOb3zT8/d//3bBh44bhZjf7X8OtbnXL8j/vPC8zjTpIZ+qikyNiRlbzMByEzONH33k8JIs80wsCfvIc4p+Wg3iQMCmLED8/v8nauQOpo/YWb4VVMuNvBFqfetwxEnuj1Sa8/Wukj/g3b9lcn6ysmfGWFWHoxylnedKjsmGfcy13/t7gNXyDxOXJfZ2Dju4Tw8+o6wmQxXDLb8pK2vlWwdB6IibobWGUF9Ss2pIHnxQlM8/CxY1uADo69gGVXcvPhm7G8PMCF4JBCgFSC7khvgz7MATIQpyQXsILE9iPxvCCdH76p3+6PlX42te+tlqwiIezguhlL3tZLRu19xACowfypyeZ+3KLQD+6cnSna/SkM/nCxKgl78JOHWJDpuSIJ3wRZIPfIEyIMwbA0Womcm3zUESP/fcDKfMQKr2kFVJXZoypVrz7Jx8MwNvf/vZ6SU84RiDxpxCOgTYUlFVc5muUtbJ3/2IIpxhLbrzHei3CXeUqVy4DD8rqkoBuADo69gFkotXotX+V3TLNOYq4WmUXFpEg0PyeEqeKHyIUDnkhLARrLJp8+w4hHqtT7nCHO9Rko5ajNAxD3Oc+96n3B8aewTjBSVaId19uEegUUnZO7khe434/8nCgIAdiDORRGnPH34ZvtqVWTsLuD8SVrxAxfZOWsvUCnnsmnHzYhtmwmjgm24XLUM4cZJqwd/+Rvt/K2zCdYTG9g0V66g0Iqxfjuh7AFa94pbqv/KV1STAC3QB0dOwDKi0gdatFPvOZzxSx+J1rNfbcKr3KjlhUbqTOxRggECSUljW/KXEh+shFYI6GLX7rt36rxq71QrRizQc8+tGPLuMgLpmGkLR2ydyXWwREj9g4YRgTutDZOZ1zDsm7eFMn/0hW/ulGRuLQ03XyHRc5REl2ZOwPxJuWozzwc/SOhfS9yc14kon8rf2/3e1uV+Wshe9ahuGmoDNnzF95G5r77Gc/W/ebYTC/I99z1DzGkv+6deuH41vvzbsduUeQ5+DiRDcAHR37gBallp69/W0BgFAydKOSI58MkYQw+OUa8EM+02ENBEAWokKUtiqIDHGlGSIU9n73u1/ND7z1rW8tuSFow0bCgbBTF2OCEKUd8uHnPIYrcjjnyFQYJO8YMqOb39KPQfBbWikDLWPX+QmffAhLjuEU16QtnPAxAHQUBrHSwbePk668pByF8ZtM5K18xAf6GE5D0DZ5+9mf/dm6Ji/km1fxTgBCNpxHN9dTNlMwDt4eNnQkDb+9CSxtQOhjPuV/XclYs3pNleOxxx4znHf+eWXYjf8/4AH3LxmJe0lANwAdHfsA0kBSKm4q/BwqPsKauvghKy7GYIoQqqPwCC3+fovHT7rS9wGSk08+eXjsYx9b18QN+SeNfblFSG8ljlxkBVPDMQf/5DN5niPxp25/sMxflnZ+Hx0Y0BgfTh7vfve7V+vfmn37KylDDtH/8z//c43FKy86C783vZS5tA0b2QBOnMTL+fh7T0efDRs2Dlc46Qq1VcVd73qXMoSXNHQD0NGxD6jgNnEzdKDViJznQBJTkuWQjaOWOhmLwJggmYQVLq1ZhKWVzM/vDDdYKmooyvnUAIh/oIjOcSCfdJE3hLcIriNO1+m7KNyBGgAb3K1o+WYIzA18v/xNdVCeJn7f+MY3Dj/5kz9ZZaz8kLJJdT0oSz8zPCUeHWPwpmB4ffEre/+beFfe0ojB4bb6NkG50dBI8+yzv1fkzwjc//4PaPfqktPyD7oB6OjYBxDH7//+7xcBIxJkMUdIe+qQsyNyct3vOVxDbGQKG9INmbmGTAxfGNIIGRuvFtb1kK5w++MWgTGZuugTgt8b+ZIXnWFR2fAjY+r2B1WmJbuVU5OR4aA5yEt5MZjS+4d/+Icqby9+GbYhy320k6e3ra3Fj670FxapzyHfhv0Mz1n9Q/68PMVvuVxyI8Qzsfyd//qvmrvZ3ze3Dze6Aejo2Aes/UcYJmIRACKeA8HMiQGpOLoWkpkDcWmJIgyEGxKa9hr42YAsv8nM2HxID4Tjty+3CNPWLCdcSB32RtrSTH5jMOb4nxiAksc1brU0dBGUBUdv+linb9zdF9oYbURsCC8Tvdn0jb4xunsrm/e///31RrY5AOP65gzIJC/HcQ7DBPfulVTG/H3w55xzpHfzJWmXPHQD0NExg8lNQMqI4kMf+lCRrHX4fhsKQNyIA/EhuBA5Qg4hbd7sc4gmGO2Nv661YHcOq1etba3B9XW+fNk4eRgCJRuZkINEsg0D2ca5tWSFQTyOdEJa0peueJnIjRNOPmIo+C1b1oiquaOOOmY45uhjS78dOwxh7XYXXDB+0F1ZcNJPeSBl+krbC1vir1y5eti6xZAUEvZCmolaE8Vbmn4XNTAh3hAmt327PX28P2CilEFhePRudg4rVo5+IL90SW9F+SB9rfQM85gDsGmba8rUGP5zn/vc2nXV8I94MV7gd8pQHO8NuOaee4PYvk5W/zAm8u3+upYJ7vUt3TXNf+3qNcP2rc1Qt3L60he+ONz21rcervMD1673Any+8pKGbgA6OmYIKSA+RIPwrb4xCYioTCCGWB25KXItBBVnv/qt27bu2ubA26vCIrS0kh1DiCE6RzrFDwGPww57gn/ixi3CqE8mMXcvV5xDfOkuSmtvsPwRkdJbPCtiVi6Inx5O8hYyFqda/Q0Vf2Y4hOePeBF+Pq3oPYm//uu/rjF7rXTr/k0Aa7nTB6zesRuot3oZCkiZSZsz3OOadz5i6BG+c18NS1hH12JUc+8ik/ObDl7kc53+lzR0A9DRMQFSCgEhApVcyw/JeBOUUdCihIQLUulD/uJOXdaGOzeckfjCczEcyIWLPyAhfiFAhDkHeYkbtwjS31arVXYf55CO+NXKb4S3v6ix+qazDdnoU98uWKAHUlYW8gwVtuVrWobptUydfAvnunuhN0R/L8/99m//di3/RPom7ZG44ToT93oF5gP0ZORHvDgEnt6boTbysnJIHKuJOPqKm/tGd2GFqzw3vZMPYKD0QvwW95KIbgA6OiZI5QWV3YZfhgMMAyAJQwBan4goTssuxIAEVHZh0cTUtQD+30US4iJZ5BHy51zjiqCbLDKlIaxwjuLOQa5rU7cIpU8LW391vChiAKQrLb/3Bz7JWMZqxahryHEO+ZO2a8oKmQufskPKCF/8qaNH4giDwLX6kbw3o03yPuIRjxje8Y53DM9//vPLWGu5v+51r6tPQXqjV37EI0N60gX6IG332Lny19v7xCc+US+ATe8XPeRB+RgOEpYc8fgLY5uJG9/4xuWnTBaVw8WNbgA6OiZQwZFCCMlqEqRgIlAlN7noiPARkrAhbOFVcsciiBZGizhHRFDE2o6rl1r0CERcCKHwF054Log/h1CEp0vCQq7Pnevii2MHTfqH+W1YRm9f2Ko0J3L4c87F5aZpJa+gpV9LN5fC1PWluBxdQ/bS3yNckwN03KVnC+NcXpVLwiJvfuDNaHMjNut75zvfOfzu7/5ufbntmc98Zg3bPPnJTx6e/vSnD3e7290qvLyY1M+7A1yMHEcPjjFhVOhr9Y80pU+f6EVHejAA4ngW/M51wz+MExl+J4+XJHQD0NGxACo7orIG3HAAAphWYESkhaoVilQgBBVyCLnniByQYHaNRLjZyz5x0sqUlt/IhFzxHCF6CBcD4HwRXIOQF5m13077jZwd66Pqzc8OlsJkyEa+YuSgrk10SBzHpOMY0hc2+eai4zQ8P3l0PflVBog5cfjFACBusFU2w2y/JPMAhny8KW2Sl862bXjSk55UO34yDibUpZm8SAv4ySd/8awSysf7xWEs9CKcI3pkPr0n4sqPXqHngd78zEkwIJAyk59LGroB6OiYIK04DrkgCuPIKjFiCrHlCCEBxDB14s6deAgSeZgUNiEs7tQJM4c0gAzI7ymQ5Ty9RdjSiE76IJ/I1beG9UxGt3g5pzQv4pDgxNF/EaKbclGOizAvBzrM82M4B+HbzoFRNmlrrN8wnQle949eNmtjDPTcHv/4x1cc15QtOYvKGHzrwTDRwx72sPpamx4fwyCOPGgUkBMXA0lXectviwZ+6Id+qPIhHji/pKEbgI6OCZCHCqzCWwNuNYlWnVagCq4y+x2C4lLp57igkcXclYwmG3YR55RQm1tEFCFs8SG/DxZCsHRbsWKxAThQaDUja+SprPam+7wchNWqFo9zzhg7j0ExR+M++WqapZ6I3/3xgR3DdzZ8Y3AQeXprezNAYNjIklItfquG3v3ud5fudFb2WvpzPTkLBPRI9DYQ/z3vec9dBiPGJobgkoRuADo6JsiwA7z3ve8tAkFEhgZUZMSIYJwnHHIIsU2dsf+5Qz7G/0dj0lqiLT5ZSJ9zHsKYAskA0oP8nkL8KSktCgNrmg4xJAxXxqg5Wy+MH2C5qAGIkdjDTfLGLSK5GEppKt+9EXDyHieONMTjnFt7T1+f1TQx+2//9m/DL/7iL5ZM/noChon0Cnxe0wt8loXmHikjshaVMUjTV9jomZe/yBOPfHJSVlVeTSdHYVxT5r7nwFBIw7CRMHu7Fxc3ugHo6JhBhday1KqzIiQ9AhUaEWgRqtDOIUQV0gLXRqJFpmQiwEbeLYzPOPp847CMvD0nWJNGCDwOIZEdIgtxRwfxXOMfJxyZ8pMwwjd6bWG3Lb1ZO+qz88KWn/bbewrO6TuH+Bw9Qn7iT11thtbkOa9PVC5NCtPfMWU1zx831zXE6igektcLcK6l/Vd/9Vf1Vq/Wflr3eQ/AOwHexPXbfAFCnqbPiUMvBsEwmPtqOal0DDWZP1CmZAhHJ3A98ejGCaO8b33rW5c+ws7zk/iXJHQD0NExg9b+C1/4wtp0TQVWcRFEiNmqk1TmEEoIOhUeEClC9EWoHUukuGMnArf1w2gEyJuSkvNFQDaA2JFSdElcoBP/uJAOJyw3tlJHHcZvCJvPEFYcwy6Myih3DmlHDozpMYS7nfwmr9w4nFTB2/VxpYwjEp07aSYP0nDkh/QZO2WsfL1Ylbd6n/jEJxbxGrs3Z4PoDf3Y/983lqVHhm0gxCUzTutcOq4J96//+q8Vz1u/ehAMiTB0Sg+EnuTkPkdfxoRevtNgKGoKYcVfVKYXN7oB6OiYANn44MvrX//6WmJoQjCVPcSHCEICcTAlF25K1v8dIIoYhDhpIxuQHj9khBSdxy+GAlxDjlx0goQHfsnXviD96DHV52BhNE579groF3/pIdmnPvWpw+1vf/vhl37pl3Z9n8HbvYjXuL29/m34xpBr1ZsXYECit/sijqE8wzyOWv6O4ln2yZn3UVbiTd1Uvzgyrfv3vgh9L4lkvwjdAHR0TGDIwQoTb4DaxdGYM7KcEmUIdOogJJuwUwOAOP47pLA30gHp7Y3Ep4TFGPB3nmtxiTuVuy8Il7SmaR4IEPLcKZ+pSzr0VZaGff7oj/6ojMATnvCEujda6wyhCVit9Re84AW1BTRDjvxN5pJj8pgccpUHuQheOYjnnlv588UvfrG2kmY89fqmZR8315PzwpiJX6DrpQXdAHR0TIAYfP7PB9l167UiEQciQOYQAp06EDfE6KiVGQMAiGJ/ILx4cxc50pvqhHAQqN/8AwYg+iE0RKmVG/0hae0PhJ27AwVd5o6OUxe96CyP3slAss9+9rOL0MXJ5KvhHz0CcwLW3yNxhsLwTpZzInRyk3/6e1nrDW94Q7X8De19/OMfr16E8oTcy6lTrnPn053eF3EP6JT4l3Qsawof3H5cR8elCD7yopUYovTa/5/92Z8NP//zP1+tS5VZazLEkVa91qWJPyQEyN75tPVHHtIXL6SDZKZAblqghpqEzWSisGRx/Ogwh3BTICJj4JYeAn3mYYD+qr00hKcDQ+d3dGX8kBiZIedp3sRfZNDEBfoiT/GRprBk8COHzKQnjOtZ6gkhay9iIXsEbzKXYRZfPOHpb8juRS96UX3gXUtcTyFyI0deHHPvXDPB71za0vCxF7LEF8+9p68yTF7cKzLEcZ2BEdaQ4aURvQfQccQi5IoYkBF36qmn1uoRpOi3owqPAKZHhBEZe2sVip8wyArZJJ04RMoJD/+d9hiSm7qkty8IF/KWHv3ncH0qUzgkKi+AwBHfHGQpI/FcR5gpXzJzFI5TlmRGbsoOpIFkxbcq55GPfGQN+yjHKaH/xV/8xXDzm9+8Wv7ku6dJB6TjPPeBfilnXwcDBtiqL4Yvw0XSEE46GgmMDZDBX+PBNW8dX1rRDUDHEQuEgKQQhAptTFgrMDtBIgphQlZTxzAglZAJwpk7cA1JkYdQ5mHEB2QX2fuLkGVc0twXkNuUHKPDFMKQOQ0rXMJKy/U5Mvae8nOUxjTPccqGW2QApKl1jXityDHZq/zIzri+o+We5msM85jQNZavlxW9U6Zc7rf5Au8L6O15aYuRMWTkJTBpMFp0kAb9nLvf7hGZfpPD0Fj2+eM//uOl+6UR3QB0HLFQqUPeyMHqEWPFyAbRZDhGhUcoU5eloGndIov0EOLE5RfSyLDH1IVkYoj8DuHuC9KeOvL2B8kPSI+Oc7hOpiN96Eh/fiAOspwjeU04YYSlG1k5kpXyiPyUJ8fPkI9hGuTs/iB8BkYcx5/92Z+tMrN0U8tdi1zrHaEnLTKTP3ppxTtmV1A9By+Uve1tbyvD75oWfnQEMuSDDq57boSxTNhLaDe60Y0q3KUR3QB0HLFAECEHhG/yD/QEjP8jmYwncyp/jhnLD1mREzKdOgQlHWSCOJxPHXIBciG/9wfRK468/QF9OZAeHecgKzJD0PIg74AMGbg55BEJ52tZyid5JSfHED15uQ7JCxj/t4TTB9lNALsn4hrn941mLX8rftyLtNrjpvnj+DGy7hG5vvFgma/fWv6Wb7r/wngWxJdfR+WD8BkBusm77SLsL8QtKodLC7oB6Ojo6DhC0VcBdRyx0ELXmnM0zPCHf/iHwz3ucY9quWqRGkowVGDoQWswrT8tPi1OPQStQ9dUI61JLU3nWoviz5FWr7jkaHGm9RtII37kiLPCN3aX9K3Wc5PxvdYKnY5Xewt37do1FSbgTz9xnI+t1bFHYt+fyDzW8EpLi+6rVjYdV/nWwO6xeeHl1VALOfTWOnYkk1NOjnNKEc5QjiEa1zhlrDy13ummhe0oDTJNyJqMN64vf1rnfsuvsXt62P6ZbCuYpti5UxpLP5YgLWkcc/TRw/s/8IHqPWzZtqX1Kr7V7v3ptcroKle58tKyX0NFVgC1nhFBSzrTy7PiXYEHP/jBw2/+5m/uusfptVza0HsAHUcsQtiIy8dEjDlbD46sjP+r9AgHGTsXHkK4/J0DcjD0IR4/4TMMNHUI1THDLuQg+alDotOw3CKMhmA0Bs6REJ2mLvpJh078FsFH4KW7Y/uO2hNI2nRxFJe+zivN5sjaX9ITN/mNXuJ621b5wrWuda0aNkLSyv/617/+rrJwf9wXRsA6fat9vA/ACPhUY8ooLmlNYQvua17jmsO/veUtww1vcMPhRje8YUv/jOGUU/59nGw+dpxYnkMaEENHvq98+eqY4S5xGKFLK7oB6DhioVIbW1ax7RxpNYeWOSJHcgjPGC+ymhoAv5GMY0gQUWg9hjDSK5i7ItklQgV+fk+da/xzPedzIJ6pC7lOXfQjl5z8nqM2hKNT4zLxolf0FE95yBcXv/0BGWQB2YwS4jaW77dtGPS0GGC7d5qDSVjOyh4yfvqnf7q2gNDqNllPptU8KaO4RVjbDM2rX/PqmuC/5jWvMZx2+tjqpwdDY+M+H8ifQ7p0EEaaDJYvjtHTs5KyuLSiG4COIxYIxESgVqW9ZEz+mXREdFqhKn9e0JqSGOLzm39IEPHMSdi1uZu3UkPeU5e4UxmL4FsCiNtXuZzTYVG6FbaFic57g7h6E0hNPGEdGUN+ygV5pwcg/P5A2Gl+xbMUkwH45Cc/ObzxjW+sl+8Qv+vIFukre2Sfe4Gs6cFwM8x6W3Sa5jV6z4G8tzTCvu51rltG/33vfW9L41vtiqGdkfwZ5zmSR2RPF1tF2+5ZOuld7W85XBLR5wA6LvVY9AiH7FRqhOEcgaj8rqm8CMeQw0tf+tLhgQ98YLUOrQ7xPVhb+iIe4YxTu4ZskJLlguRYQ67Vj1y1Xh2RI7JhTBBDCElcuiRtOvMXHqbGJdeAsSgZra3mU5Lil9zmNjXd5U340Z+8cXgqENZvLvps3txavMqkXfetYv5VXu237wP7XsGOnTsa6Y0vPNHRmL3lksqEDPK0hpF15JNZcprujlx0M1wi/ykP5+K/9rWvrZa4lrx0lPMNbnCDWmIpPflH+shX78qqrBCv9HzxyxDOFFu3mgtZV5++bMnXltRkmUP4ype/MrzrXe8azt9w/rDpgk01Z3Jc6/HV0FfpPObLsJNnY+OGjcPxxx1XDQTkb7sJPURQbvJPb+eXRnQD0HGpx94eYRUYadgmAGEjclv8ImcVV6UVF7lYS25NuB0lkbUlh/YE8m3Xu9zlLru2BiYTGTIeKr5W7Ic+9KEiD5ODwmvdGieWjpYjh7TEz/LRgD890vpEdnRCqHviogQj3OpVq4ctW8f1+AyArafJQ7TJ3xzbtm4f1jRCNi4OyHLT5k274jEuDABZ8sWP7lkeGdmc61O4HgMgD7ku7BR+I1W9LyRvjP8DH/jAcP/7379InkG1l09e2kLgylxZav2LA+4VQzDFurXrh6997WvDSS0cIv/gBz7Y5Fx+OKr1GKShl6enc2FTiWFiBEadL2wGbiT+lpN6do5ieFq6FgdoJNh22j26rGDFH1r60NFxGQOCsFb7mc98Zg0zqOjGbbUwTThmjTp/BGLIwfpwrXckrsKblETutocQT8U3ZKQngYRcs3rI77vd7W4ly0QlkhEuwxWZUEb+aQHHIULHEL7rcFHiXjx0I3zijoZj94tn3JygwSoXY96VRBOLDBFp9PFdYOXHRc8yNi2O686F59IaD1yTJudcXMjvOFBeWuUI15e9/CaTEX7Ws55V6/8RvzLU65K+1UHKkx78+c3zyEgY879yk/Oud7+7jP0Nb3TDMjZfaeSvJ8UAVt5Xmzwfe2TK8fzzz2tHxmt7fbP5wmYUfqA9L1b8MErKxHNzWUE3AB2XSSAS2zr8zd/8TbXcbnOb24xd+taa0ypE9CozAtHSQwCWKWaI6PTTT6/WvdUoegivec1rKizjIDzj4prVQ7YD8DKRb9MiJgQlDAMBwqX1v8gAwMEwAIkbmXNiDHzy0ecbxTN3sKyFdx59ygA0AqQDgic3547kCu84J0P+yl645BFyHhfjq4Uvjt6A7RwMvT3/+c/fNcxirx7LPr2oJT3l7/65V3pNZE2HoThYv2798LFG+IyB7zobqvvgBz84nH/e+RXHvVzWeky+0ibPejxIXy/AvSL7nLPPKVm/9qu/uit9YVPOlwX0IaCOSz0WPcK/9mu/ViT90Ic+tIhfxTVWjHicf+5znysCMqzhOkKx5hz4MQ7CPeQhD6k144wBkkdIhncMC7361a+ufWpsKQy+IYyA9Bb0EAxlGDPXyrV00Xg1QpoCGdH/YAwBrVvXWrXD2DpHio56OnOYT1jZyoEuW41htzTlNeRmCIjMplqVEZA11SllPifDpEtWjEdIfwrXyGYo5VlZGWYzjGZLZ3v8aHFrefv6l/JxL4Xl73cM01yH7dt31PJOad7gh35oOP2rX625G0N6hpVqaKeVy8rVJrQzBNd6NN6jaL0K+rv/vjv84Ac9aLjXPe9VvQ35F3ael0szeg+g41KPEAzyUXEtK7Sy5N73vne1GA3HaNGr2KAiIwAkgkBU7hCV+IaDDP9who/MByBvvQiteUtGkb2W6OMf//iaO3jTm95UY8taseYT7nvf+9awBp0YEC1cBCes9DIBTQZCYpzoRMcYLHr6PZKdoRfDKLtdTfjuZKgQ0u6VNoBgY0zmWNZ6AGnNIn95F95vEEdZMJb8gS7Tlrb4cfHjICRJTtJB9vQBeeIYIHHkT1rXve71h+tf7/rt2vbhjK+dMXz7v77T7t81hg9/+CPDiSecOKxtrfr3v/99te2zVjq9Ge3cOwa/7tkpnxzOPf/c4cfucY/ha2f8x/CFL36+Hb82LF/R8rR61XDU0euH444/djinlfl5rWewcsXK4brXuc5wVrvPDOK2ps8VmwG/9a1uPTz6UY/eVQbJ12UJ3QB0XOqBtCFE9opXvKImAX3RyzXDPcjHdeQrTFqOiCkV2zUtxBBcyFjvwPwAQ8CY3OxmNysZH/7wh2tMWngGJkThW7WGjYxf3+pWt6p4jAMd6GKlEYOiV+C3eK7RhaOX9CEEHtlThHDpnuspC3kiJ2GmWLbsor0JxGc4KM7LYPkwPF3IlQ65U5fy/H5OOJAXcjh+5O3pllbVrFw1bGxGUe/pA+9/f31sZV0rz2+f9e3h3ve5V/W49BjIc48YA+kIr2f3tTPOGG5yk5vWvTv1U6cOp33ltKWehjd53dPxLezLt3vNABseYpDz/JDH2D/mMY8pvefDXJcl9CGgjks90soE5Ppbv/Vbw6//+q/XWDziRoJIBykjGr8N8yABBKIViSDIcA3hG68XRqsdKQgHhoIMUSANY8vGrF/5yldWj0B41+xbj/D5eXmJbMbAJKQ0TUZnGELvgP70QkKOCEe15E8fRzrMgSwZDk4ceSRfPvxGaPMhJ1i+/KKypDsFomQApEsXaTFOc8wNjLBzSvGbLvRSjmQh2Tm2b2tGt6V7hWYczz33vNbiHyfofWtXOXpR75a3vHnl0ZCOfLsPiN/9MsTj/Ha3v91w2ulfHT760Y+UgTYkJD/uv7kP36uX/rmtx0CGNBxzDwwf3uc+96nzRUNolyX0HkDHpR7IFBEhq7xVavzWsAsgBaSjgiOhGAvEygE/JIUktM75a0EammFIgL+Wp7RsH4zwEcwpp5xS5wwHAyC8CWHbBSAoPQDLHJE9QtZbyOohMF9Ad2SDiBZhTtBBiNX15M8R6dJzTsawqAewbu2eu2k2Gm/hRvnkxQglnTjlmnLkpMlN/YQTl2704RfCnTrxWoBh/VI5rF0z9s4++5nPtHu8ebjb3e/W7u1/1VAPAieHPIbPfbFyC2l/7vOfr4aAcl63bv1w/PHHVTiT3euaEeN33HHHDjt3jL08vT5H99DHXX7hF36hzt1HOtHhsopuADou9UAuWoVacsjfuD3SRyKODAQCQL5FBI1sVOqQEzIR1zkyQSJeTtKKRtzkZHmoCd7b3e52NXyjB0CGuAgIYXiJyTJTLX5HPQjDDIgScdHHEAZdXCPbkXwGBuEiI7oE0XkO+oWcEJVyIE94MpQJeXMsMgDyEfLmyBBXGtL2e5GT5tSJw8390iOBxCN3Dzc049V6Hc6VD530CBjGq13tqvXGs4nu9GrcV6uIsrUzY+2+Wf1lozxls379uGnfFs/H6vFFNffCPMP4otj4XCg3E/vIP+UqrGPK+LKIPgTUcamHRxhxq7jI/2lPe9quN3mRszXkhnlcT+VGAojOckMtfRDWkNHf/u3fDv/7f//vkmkJIlLRMvRCkta6cAjMCiDDOlb50AFRSdNQCTleGtIrQGiuIRrELD6yN09hotiwEn+66EEI75wM6bjmOCVp0FvJb44O4k7BuPGfhtm+bfdbwYZELPu0K6gVMMBwNHpv4ce3kNPapscc5E0h3NzP7xgBOpCDcKXDzzX3Y9WqPV/ocu38886rF7jo6K3lDRvGvf/FtRpIS10vi+F/3/veV3G+1Xpc648e3/MA6YlvDmDr1i3NwG+qe7mylQHdyHj4wx9e5B8jdaSg9wA6LvVAHggF+en228pBRUbgCBjxZnIV8QnHIQbk7zybivkqmNf9LUfUE9AyR8Za/YgeqfBjCJCZ8XwtfMMIiFwr9N3vfne1SMlHVo4ZUkBckFannoRzvQD5EF/vQZp04kcGPcmho/RcF89vDuRjmj+OjkjZeVrjrZk9rFQWS+XBaQ0bIiGJPKuOYiToCWTNkWGrOOkkvTgylL/rzvkBebkn4/mecxPK+XKtDLyxfP75G0rGOeecXUNpX/rSl2q4z1AffQ25KUP37OhWPvR3/+kir8ccc2z9tuW1cijD2K751rAtHn7lV35ll8E4ktANQMdlAkgFEajwr3rVq4oIEAvSQZQhMySKbPIbKTgiZi+BWcaJYBHuRz/60XoB6K53vWu17GNMxEHMSB8Ra4lqgZoMtgzRMBCylwY96OU33TjxHMlhKMQxvGSuQK/C3MA47HG1ig9k0Jv+yatz8FtanPOpk4aw8hiyNQSUsID0nQnH8bdcMjIQJjl0nsP15Csu/nH8IpscZU2XfRkA8fRytPxzTy5/+cuVgXevGAK9KW9qc8rY/RFWnrYvGUzvPIxvPo/bWsiPF8Ds8+MN7kc/+tFlvPUkFk10X5bRh4A6LhNAFggRIfzqr/5qbcmgolu3j2BUbESNkIRB3Fp8iMc5AteCNMaPSIzpu+57r8aayUD6wiIwRMMoZKtiG8MJj5iMSSMu6ZGjtWnIB4GpbgifrgjHNWRPJ/vj00cYvQgtYNfMNZhPIJ9Bk55wMXIhUZhX50XV28dlkKqW9Zie7ZLX1vp3QJirmwGwckZaylHeld2+ENKfQl7pkfL22/1QjvzoT/6iISA9J0bZfjyfby3+TZs2VM9IGq7rCTDU4ttCwr0yVzAsLWEN0uJ3j5X1He94p+HXnvSkikMnujAcRxq6Aej4vvB4cCEYhOC3SguLHh8VPMS0iDQSZ36N/yI/SLqAkKZwTXoIVuW2BNN+PHaaNJyidY24ETsiQBxIWNh8CNxYPCIwJKPFj3gZBWmSLy+u0w/JiG/poRa86+YJtCJdR25eFtPalZa5AGROFqOAxBGbcnI9BMlo0IU8E8aMB4IzF2DimGzr0+md5Y8MEb3IoSM5wqUcHZMHzrnmsZKc+skPnWB9K6OVq8a5B9eVrbxE5hR5DgKykqfkL+WW+xZ9+OcZcd40b2W7sV7+Ov3001r+jlu6tr3d06+0e3hc7e+jh2TJJ325DD3RU3qbW5n47dz99lzQH25wgx8a7nvf+w13ufOdSx9OPDoxAsr2SEI3AB3fFx4PFVklSQXeX6h0cSpiEFKZk8cUCEG8A62QWoSI4uUvf3mRsZafl7IQsPSRtN6BVvTb3/72mjS2zly68itt4RCJCWR6IJQQV8iLk5eQCCAk8rXc/+AP/qCGdawrJ4NRYVwYCzLIRvzSlJYw5PBnsOghD5lzYJwMIUnP+DWDJT3DR/KMyMWPjosg/BzJJ9CPfHmdYpE88aYQR36QrrIlS97o5PkJ4aespthe5T3UeP8VrnBSy8/Wdn5eM4JfbjqvGk444cR6e5exTW+JbGWd58nRs0YPZQL0YShtMe39EMN64n6/5+9IQTcAHd8XHg8k5JjK7lwFclThFhkGYV1zVBmnR05cv6fgD/zjUqkTD/zeH9BRC9GYMSPw5je/uQhStz9EgaAYBdsL0ImhQLDSlW9EJt25AXAtOnEpH2UhDMJBTOQYEhJeb0Ra/LU2DWUYGkK80zKmG/KUnmEJcw8mp51LWxhDTsbA9RTEdU1eXI8BE85xjkXEJ3/ymnM6yMcUZM8hjSnEmRsA8fKsCB83x5ZthmEs293YZBw1nHbaV6o89bSUxde+dsbwhc99rvLHn55APtl5VvSOpKfnRQ+/GWPbdig3ZSLuIh2ONHQD0LFXqChzclehECcCS4WeE0UeKdchFdRReJVZmDmhhBhcI1P6CATi57jI4MyBfKZhVfh3vOMdtc0wXZCnzws6CstQCBOymhqAkM3UAMBUJ9eEIRtBGSZSRtkULq15RC4sQ8AAiC8tLnlPq1Y69BIWCSoLcwNawIwYvS1P1aIVnzHgJ106MwoM0RzCzkF3+kGu02WK+f0COk8hP3MDEDkpL1AGc6xorfxvfuOblX+9sgc/5MG1gsf2Dp///BeqLLY0ucpG/lJ29Fbuzh2lyWgqM3svnXzyydX7yzMI4vt9pKMbgI69wqMRUqrKt2VLkVGu7W3M1FuurmnZhgi1vJGCSmrs2goX4/JTkKlSTium1ps4hi0WDV3sDchQSx6ZGHZx7viSl7yk0kegxtWRhPT4pTWNnMRL/uV7bgDokvP85sQPMcmj5Yn2JDLX4B0F5GTjOL0CvQ7LSPU6kCYH5Ck7hla5eaOZPNctc1WO5hTo6Jp7Yu98w1jmC1yjM6JchEXlOCdyeeemCHlOsT8GAIRLWQmzSLeVTa9TTvlkPWsI/Da3uW0j/s9Vns9uebJH0XGth+BekC+P0iLPPYwBEJ/uiN/6fvcE4buedBPnSEc3AAcRi4oyFSTX/HbOqcAhUL9dQ5bw3yG7KSInCHkF0lQh+KkA04qgcqokriNGY+gqmvFW46kIEIkKg5hVcBXKyhlAPog2OiSPHCIgC5xLI/Gl73cmNBGYNOiI3KSLCB2NeUtPhdaC1rKeV2ZGBzHIOx2kQ/9/+qd/qhetDA24Rkfp0Q/hMgLk0ZM+4kpHWEcOpvnLb9eSj/yekp1y0yKXp7y9+pnPfKbiMBQgnDD0Uf70kGfhPRfKxDXh6Cu+1U7KzVus0tTSdZRf6TOyjtELlA+5+e2cI5++0qAXJ668Ju05XJceWcIJw3A5cuQmfsqbLtKRR5PoDK+e0tve8fZa7WTy17DdF7/4hXbtnJZ370KM8yQXtvjTFVXSJst9I8+57zPoFdkaIlt1Szv6ST/P/5GObgAOIhYVJb8QnYfVuQfe/jFWMhiGsH1wKqoKk0q1LyAmSOXyYDtKk5MmcvCgx7ConKnU9rFBII5IgV4ISFjDFiYq/aaLimT8FPGkwktfvAwzhEDIdi5dFY68qRECOggbQyccP8StjBgJ566r2Fp1VsR4GcuyP37KKmkwFAg8yzTtIClvtgWgj3wgR3nSQ6GfPJCfsoku9JhC/OQpZZ1yTT45cA/Io5Pyn0PZuaasjUt7mcnQlLCWOyp3+WCkhCVLWtIhm+PPSVM5eXOZERGXAVZG7pcyFzf6c/KsLKWXfOacTEdpJg26ikdWnrcpXFNu4rkf7l3KInCfI885+dJk2DQu6Gui++iWb/fNdxY+97nPNpnj85GX0rhVK8aP0muAyDv9lI1elBVSd7/73atOaRx41pWXPIvTcVF0A3AQsagoVZoQgZatMdwXvvCFtb7cLoeISUvbyygeZg+8OHPC3B+oXCqJSq8FqMJpOUsDkLchiX/913+tLjbSQBSO+UxiWtxkhHzIQrgqlLzIJxcy8vYqItCKcy4P9AhZCosYEDr/EIlwIUsI8ci7I/lILfkQXg9Ay9dvZI5EyJOuVrZ0bLFgq2atQFszy7/1+o7Cyot8akWGkIB8+vKbIuQzzVNIOf4gn2SR64iMFwHBM2ZIDFHd7373qxeZrFB58IMfXKuTGAa6CutZYbTIl7bykGbKihz3zBevEKr7xJjk4+p6Zp4x8d0DZO0+Knd5jQHIveLIhn0ZgJSBeyWMvAs/hWtAR+mQ6VxL3vCOHp3vNt/z3vcqw/iGN7yh9BLGF7p2G4AVtX2D+PLo3pNt2e+DHvSg2oU1valA2OjYcVF0A3AQsagoVQgkZqzW9gIqST4RqHKrnPav9zq6rqsHFRF5aPeFkJdKpcKGUB2ly+AgB3ukIEWVQcsSMSIeuoCj9BgFepGLSOVHZSafo5uwSRNcT4VP+LHijqt4xoo7rmoR1/WQSsKpxOIKJx9ICsEyWIhaWsKJR4bw4vrt3DXxyES60Q1hyRenPLR8U77AL2UGzl2f38foxpElnbkBECblFL0Y1DnEE1Y5G7aQNgOLBD0nr3/962tYRD7kyZE8zm/5lx7ofUlHr4c891tLmDxDTIw7HdJ7Ux5WIklX+UlbfPme3i/pyFvyIr/SXWQAxEk4aZEn7hSugTQT1j2mp/kRH+/RGDqhGYTXvObVw1f00BrZW//POCH+5c0I+FLZti3jZyDFd//APIoNDRj45EE6wnHy07EY3QAcRCwqSt1Zk39In/OApuXzL//yL9VqVmmsRrEZFRkqpgq9L5AFKiaCN6TkgdcKROZayyYGVchUglT6VHKEpMI414qWrmupQM4RhEqLxJFHiEcc4RM24bTOQ+DyI5zKT086hwhcU2ldV5nJRNIhPQg5+U1POiAFpEcPMhEPma7RJwRDB3GlQ27S4idudJ8aANfnkIb8uUYHblpurpHJ8UvZhqCmQKT8hZUu3UeSG19ky1CgIRGNA8MZyhyxC+c86fktb/KO/LWIpc2PMfE9AiuGlCeiNdSSt2WFkwc6iC+OcuNPLv1d4ye9vRkAZRY57rsjWVO4r2TkvpOZ+8Tvn//5n2sS+4xv/OfwiY9/ovJ9wgmXb2XSnttVrSyrzMey39lkyTs55P7Yj/1Y1RvykgY95cNvcegjzqJ7e6SjG4ADhIce8sAjHA+bh89e8bqlSMc4ry48clLBxyVtn6+uLoMgjgqpFfOwhz2siJtR8MCSG6JUKV3TayAXcVjbbqiATG+72rpYRUAiQK4KgYg9/Jz0UqnpTF+6SYdMkDdEk4rmt4oufZVc5eLIc6yKuaSvI/lz8J/CQzd/8HbubIakyaqdH1t4uzfq8iM3PQFDN6nQ9JeO3/Ih/NSBPIQMYgD8FgfEX0QKZE8RIxTScR4ZQcok4RzncoDu7olnwb2KIfUcgbRcpzviNlworRvc4EbDf3z1q8NVr3a12tNefloCFae1cyutFSuWtTIdtzeWPlmeAcZEAyNGwv43mcuhh2dq+qxJL6SN+ME1bg66TiGMcs0z4DqZdJnmWdqecz0ez61zO6++613vquvi0YO86OjeeQbUG/NWZP7+7/9+TYB3HBj6ZnAHCA8pUvYgexA95K973etqSwFj0fe///2rIvqAuAdYMet+GwpS2Q3D6AkYovGQO9dKS8uUXP6pPCojokPW0nnJS15S2x1o1f3sz/5sEYYKjvxVfmmnoqUyh7RiDIQLUXHSUfGET2UVhx8Cll9hyFYZxUVE0o2e9EC0jMnUITOVOM5r/fzoG0euj3NbBbJy5diqtV+N8NJ2HSFpxTJEdKZDygnp8IvxEscxZSkfjsKAaymTKXI9IFdY/tP7LW4c2a4Jk/jCLIKyD8lN9Ulc5a4XpxyN5Xvj99nP/rPapdQ5Q7ym5W37tlGGt2Xtb79m7Tg8Rh/PinJTxnqC1tV75jxvenrkKCfypel+pjEjH9HdOfi9KD/KYloOnPyRKa77lXjKkR8d6aZMzW3o5dBJLzZkL+/ius/yIh+pb4YvPQvegTB06nrHgaH3AP4HQFAePmP7Xve3msMr/9Z8pyJb7aPFb1mbiVZEmpZohjM86FpmJrE82Cqmo4ddJdFaE97kGLlaP9kgjL+wKl4qmIrMPxVQhZsCaYB4IaFUcOch8pB9KiU9kK+KqsLSTf7J91vXHTmZnJ1j/pgZ07Ud8RQqNuLfts3QyLhvz4lLcxXSlkctRcMa9FF+/EAYxlM6IWh5SDkIK4zfiaO8kNUcyngK+SeDXDLE4TeF68pSmShDbl7uQC/hYmDdq7kO4tJR2eopGr8/44z/HD7y4Q8Pm1q861z7OsPGTeMLXz6W7utWDPGGjRuazD1XHtGBcTWERHcrqEyii2t40NYSys28g3utfPIc5PmB5GmOXA+UKRnkgzIjRyMgeRbGdc+MuuHLaVr+FijwT0NDnhiA3CfX3Bv1h65PfOITywjMdejYf3QDcIBQsVQcG46ppFoxHnyTeQjaGD/DYDIOUSNOFdpukSpBCDYVTSX13VO/EYQH/K1vfWtVEEB4WnCZFFVJpOv2kUuecV+VQVwVhnznIaY411QqeQixk6OVRRfdbN1xFVCexDHEJF3y6IrkORVSXOTNiLkWgp3iIuSBY2dEi9gZF+Xjw90f/vCHhmtc7eqlK8OCROhjyEvPBzkwhK7Tg+50FUZ6UwMgL4n/3zUA4ginHJWp+O79FNJI+tJ2XFS1+E0NQO6VuOCekM9gSUN50r2ZzGrJk/22t76tHbfXV66qt9Xu/7GtLNasMQczvqFNjjTcIz1S9xmBStsKJOeWyCoTaVgtxLi6Lm1lk8YJSPci97BhXlbi5/nK73meXVOmeiGeGb0Qw5mMk/SUsedJPXIdhBePbq7rLdtnSXiyOw4M3QAcIDzMD33oQ2vs3kfIrTlXQQ3xGJ5BWMZdLUvz4HqYDfN4sFVOrWUVVWVB6gyE5YDIF575zGdWZUFwyFeFdS0VQMUXV6VE/IyAdJC4sMhPxaCHa6nAXEhSfOHFlx/GyZwC+Sqej2OTSU+9mjk8OpzrQQhwjhBcYDvi+YOHTBAbw2C9d8lv8ujpHFnqScmPL3HZ20eZKDvzJ8gOIcib8p33ANLzir7yRvYcc1KTH3GmTnlNscgAJJ0p5GNKho7iKXNw7+jqnifP/E444aTKE7Ik2/bIj3r0o4f/83/+T4VHppe7nB1Pd78/4Tmz/FXrXlzPH2OgnBD/3//935euXo5z363E8bzSSbrKcl8GYO6XPNMZ6EHfuQEwFOV5826GnoAetAaTcO6J1WqGwTyH7oe4U5kmjX/xF3+xZHUDcODoBmABFImHzoPryGklq1Aql6EerRXkrHWWJXZ/93d/Vw+peFoo/DysHl4yVHQVxlyAhxb58vfAqwj8TB6rHHe84x2XtNkNYaeQDp0sp1NhXFdhtRxVROeuO5Kt8rmmlc1QOSJPpIIk5BsZiCu8ozTkQf5HIjqhyIFc6TEeSEUllj9pLCIKZTGFTxGurhbr+BauoR8t+su3MkHcvgRlspMBSAWnSxyd+CM/6bsffisL6UtPvuib3pJyiH50lz9pc9JO2SUNejgKR0/xpMEpA8fki1wyhVc2wpKnTPPbNWU0vY/OlSv50hNWHHGFT7xly8Y3o/2ObO5DH/rQcEa7j1dopK7stu8YW97uq7x4tugvHb+VhfzS3zPj3DsInjtl5TnQi/X8KlvPqt4D/ZQ53ZLH6DlFykB4EAeEVVZk0QP5I/jHPvaxNbTJoCtP+nLy6EiespUHaYLy+o3f+I2qI2Spkx0Hhm4AFiCVzMOnwioiD5+Xaf70T/+03jZE+h5+BsBcgJaYVrLhnhBDKrbKyAioUCoZw6E1CoZ4vBxmLFZr3duMKqkKOgd9pvDbw4/cVCwQj75aeCEq47+6/SqjSmXpnFaguPIl3aw8Utm0FlVO5K6iIgn5MVQgryqd/IiLtJAFAs3YLBlzKMcpLthywWCtzuolHUH8M874emvln1pGUG/pzG9+q+TpTekp0VVa3hhNa1gZyy99pEOe+6L8rchi6ITTqrYm3j1wL+SBP3JRNuI7F0/Z8SObTEfPBH8uYRyV95ToyHQUfvqbozt/8pRpCFoY8hzz3DkXdow/Gne/Oef8T2hlZN28/H7962c0WcvqOXQPlR+4z9IDaSjDDC3RWzkyJIZhGIDE94wbdmRghfH8KyN5Bnoq9ynIlx9lK3/OQXqeo5SDHod76LovuDFC7svUAEyfI3mVB3Kkr7GV8kjZd/z30Q3AAkwrCyA8k7keOt8O9SB76FQAa/k9vDe72c2q+1wrV9rDqqIIh5itwFCp7nvf+1YFQ8AI1ioeBgDx3fOe96xWNONiQoyMOeYGAEnS0UojY/aIzzBUDIhhKbJ+8id/ssZ4xUf0Ko0KLg8IUQVHiN4k9c6C3oGKqYVlrN0wiwptuZ1xY/G4VG4VVaVMa1DFn0O5THFMK5cTr3DSsGY1IttRX6GS53NbOFsAnHTSicN1r3Pd4TtNT/MpHlPEgLyU6Wte85oa9tCKNXTBgBriiCFk8JS5sgB5kGe7gSq3BzzgAbX8kFz+8u8+IBit3hCbfC0yAO6vMkheQ1qgnDnPTX7nSL+QqHukDJWba+I7kuWoPPiNx7G17TfnnO6bWxoaHbZP/tznP9tI/N1ltB/3uMfVcJl8KBdk71x67qU80D06Mkx6pOadxNdoYTgNcT7kIQ+pslY24kRvMnLPA2VCf3KFA3kln76uy/873/nOav3T0co5Q6TKhlzx5dm5clf+eeY0ShimP//zPy+5yokeHQeGbgD2AUSdTbfufe97FzmqUFpDus2GHLSwPIweYGSKEBWrCodcvAdgSwK/EREC0u3VcjeWibSRvwpo0ljLzcM+h4d9ChUJoWcyGDHQj3MNMRpaIotspJhKhki9OKZCIVg6q/R0YaTkiTxkgRhDFMLRg3x+zlVQ5YEc+KvAc8x1X7HSSz6N9Jve9NGS9cEPr/1vXSLbRqPDFVtZ0xUh6G2EaOknPcQhbaSNxBGN3oL8ar3KO/nygEyQhfJS/ghOedgyWHgkqexNRju6p9IQZ24A6OMojLKXP2FCYI7k8Y+f85DbSOpjD4GR4q+sHSM/YRy3bR1Jf0czlvyc6z0ph29885t1X4491ndzN5X+GbrRCNHzkWc9KOl5BpWLdMlyHz2b/ORbI0DjBOHrKQrv2ZcPYZUzHcV3v6egPyg3spNvznMy9vLOqLkJu6FqWOmlyY+wKStxhWdExKWb+683a/jnR37kR8pfmbvWcWDoBmABPOAeQgSfioAcPbzIRmsbeWoduaZ168F1VIFUZBXjdre7Xe3HonK65sH3AKs8SErrGoEwCOChJ8dDj5CQs4dc5VDZigjaAy+87rJKpmUmvIqJ8LRqhUfiZJFJV118ZKBSaXXRXUuKvtKIYSBbOvKpYjFw5EtXXGEZOX6IGQFLQ/noASGSqfGQP3HFIz9H5bOtOY+fj3XT+VvfOrN0lC/5de12t71tyUwZ0EmPR9qGJQL6+K2cM8diYlF5u0fGtTNshNDowVggImUjH+IJq2yElwe6jDqOb2h7LtxPeQhJu5Yj/+RT3OSXg5QFOJJHV2l57pRxCI1M/qPs3e8P8EsanHRdI9W3ffmJ4yUr1/QQlJ+0peXZCnHzc5/cf+WirJ27h9lCRFjPjMUO5NLRMfpMEf/kU16in7TJ9k0Eq+bkwfCnxpVGlfwLH/nO6zlpsvwWX49PL45s8enOMHQcGLoBWAAP5B/90R/VA2eDLsSjYqhQWiweUA8igvZgqmAqigfRw2o4QgtF7wEJGFv1wgtjYKgIgSj2tNzJqwrcHmrxp0Qjvt8IXXh+rjEmNjyz3zmycp2fSiMOw2C4Ruue7vQVRlzyEF0qpnwgPxVKJdQCJAepIlSGRS8GOSN/RM+48RefP0NCprwoNyCfU0apsI6AxICfcxU5Q0/Opa8F/Y//+I8lk+Pnus3stNqVO90ZU61c+iAuaQivV6UswBHxKAf6ICC9J2WHZEI4DILeAbnyqMzkIcZY3pSRdNwrxApkSHMKMueY+0lTPHmmozTiJ2wMgHKmh99c7t0U/D2DCUc3vw2xeDaUmTIBZSec+0mO3oH7LZ7fOSJmvVjLnelnvsfzzY8BdY+mSLrKBpQXue4bfw0KPVEvSlr1o/Uv7+qYOI7ynnvCeeZdczSMavWd62TTSZyOA0M3AAtg33ik8vznP78qpIqDCLWCPGxaMR585OChRv78tSSf/vSnF8mI+6hHPaqWKjIov/M7v1OtVg+7+I4eYEe3AKGkwnMql83hzB9omfktHkPy0pe+tN6A9N6AymKIylErlrO5lgpnP3SV2DVpkM+ffojA/IAWGIOgYpOvl0OGz+chwKStHPQKlEvIQaVUEcl03TGtuJClcCB9fnsDWeROK7PfiSN+HlVkHEK3j4xhCmROBqNL52c/+9kVnjyT7noD5gTcQxOQDLm8KiP5TP746c0guBe84AXVCzRnw2CQK67yoJvydN/kUTnM8+f6HHM/90a5ic/RmR+X52EaZ1oO4k2BaOkjzxoLDLJnTq9QWdHfvZVfR88eghcu904Z5n56LjwTIW4NGf5e3GI4pEXGFPSdGwB+ZPNXR9wHc1IMU55deXSdk36eB0f60V0jwyIMDRD3X1hlJn7HgaEbgAXQ0jcWr0WpBfXKV76yKpKKhRwUmQdTxUekjrbxtYQSQXtYPaRIRovSkAWS8mCrMKloHuhU/BCqiqCSqaCui6cSacmrPFYJMQzpMjM+nMk7FRL5qmBISjwte+TIYKnEegWGi4Q1jKQSIQgkqaeghxJ9MqRFJ35kIwX5cH1KeNE7cZVRyIsTl19cIM7UX7j4k6VyJ3yO8k3/EIUyNixn8tKEvHDyytDRhUwffDfkJU9ITdm4V1rGDLQyVQYmxelLd0Ml7qGelvCGhsiUvl6PcFql9FAu0/IA1+dY5CceGfRO+c0NgCMIJ3zcFOLRDejOILi/ysi9ZeT1qDxHDBp4LvSCyBKeDtKWnrjOPc/KTC/hec97XrXAEbDwU4MNiSdNUG7OObLdHwsdGCj1LPUKxBNefpWntNUXBsB985w+4xnPqLDCyG+ekY4DQzcAC2BljwcLGSAPrWQk4De4pthURn4Zd9eCNMbslXYPbFqYKhDSzVilh5cMlUKF8dCT5WFXEf3mrI1miFRWQzAeeAZI5SGTXgwQMmJwGAUV2lFLmCxEqLKSXVvuNtI390AW42IowHUVDknQjV4qt4qXCsY/JJWKF/3li3z+XB6pOUnxJyeyhA38BnKTjrjkRw5/R7pO0xHGb3oqC/eMQRDeUBgjqBzkz28T4wgSmStnBCS/hr7MGVj9ZEjJdYZUenoQVmwpe3FtoyCO+NJXhslDIJ9zzP3EBc+PvClTx5S5646Rz19e52mBfJvDEYbeZIHfnj+9Gs8Jf8Mvni95Yfy06JUnPdKQUJZ08VuanqsnP/nJ1TtUJtIQZgr6zg0A3dUFvSnhlT/DyhDJB+e68qSrZ8C5+0Vv94E+J598cj3DeUZyFKfjwNANwAK8/OUvr1a1L3XlgXzqU59aJOzBRvQefssijYciFxDe0I+J45/5mZ+plrdWJoJUibUWHVWqkG5a6gyGtFQQwyyWuUnX/kDS8aKTISfyjKEiJMRm+ajKSXaI0TAHg6UCabVq1RuOUpFVrHmr7UgBgv+rv/qruoeGM7zpjBCtfAopMubK8bnPfW61jM0FIR8G1f1ElP/f//f/1f3zJS7PieeBMXVvXWc4hdc4EG5u2IXjkKV7jsSkCdLK80En5wh1ERZVXeGn2FsYO2pKw8Qug6f3YzjGcKeegpcdxdWr8tzR15ChMvyTP/mTyhNi1gDxTIWMY7A8h3ke5YksZe45NIRnaNQz7Znk9DQZV+E5spSVuOCZde885x0HD90ALIDhFBOSWaWjtf0P//APNW6phcgQWMKmAqmcyFtLxXCCB9fQkUqkxSOuh1Yxe4hVEBVGJQkhi8MxBsLqGnv4VRYkQC6iUAG1bFU2FVbanFYf4qGboSJERT89B8ZEJdLSo4O4ZB+JcI8MrSHAjD9bIWVYzQoh17XsDXUwBoYrlC+yRJIhNPdMb8C4up4C0nQv3V/EL7774V66f54TCBkeKgPg99yP7DkM50hbGvQwBIaULVKQJ2l6hjUe9BgN0zh6/uzDxGh41uSREWAMPFfyJ64jZIKY/spCj0ODRSPG3JbemJa/a8pOGdA3ZSL/ztUhLX97/xypz+6hQjcAC6B14uH20CsepPGyl72sWoRaKVr9us0eWmOuiF4lQcppvaSCc36ncnjIU/FjBFQAvQgfj7G7oUlHFZK/yukFLT0Dv7XGkASZegJ009I3NKQHYpUEvVQUuquc0lKZ+NNDuuIfaZBvZYLoEY97oSfFgDOyen7mT/QIEA5yF4exUI4Ii1FWzgjPNS806Ykpf/GQFWJFsuJIL8+Bc/dQPC7PgXtxMAwAeeROsYgwPQdkywNj5Rm28knDQW/VUUNDORmv92xzyoeh1LjwvArreZoaAEeIoZM+ZyiTsVCuVhQZJgUyQv7ipq44yo/7pM5Z+69uKK+Og4f+PYAF0PpH5lo7uqbGKnV1PdTGQfkJo+LoKqusWkuI2EOrwqoUwqfia10ha5WCv0ohngfadUbHUI+3drWQEIV9/70mr4KYSEYqegnGcrX0VQxzDk94whOKmPRMQixpiUnHUZoqVQiJ35EGJKM8QqgIh0FFTFr+7rky1ttjeJEjQlf2DL4yNIluFRYiU4Z6hXpXng/3THwwdOJ5cB+m5U6G8zjXhHENyMxv99L5f4f0hJ868ufIM6SHi+gtcvCioqXLVj4ZzpImchZWb5aBlEegt/IiQ1nSNXlxzsmH364rc18nU4bugZ4VA4LcQZnw56Zl47c6Roa5NOVMVsfBQzcAC+ABNY6vG6ylhCSMfWa82HAAYtDyMzzAIOgtIAD+IXcV0EOuQqhAWvsqVVpM4iAahgbJcHoerj/lKU+ph1/l0/NQYcg18Us//ibFvKaf8VyVJhVO5YsxcOTkhf+R2opS5pz8KwtlovWPqJULsnMPtHIZeAbYMIYxfvfYvUPw4hrP9nwYfjPWjxwNJzEQllm6D+5JiDDlz39Kcq55Ttwn+J8YgBD+1C0CwpXn5zznOTVEqPEQ8vX8aYB4LoWx7BXxGhJTBr4mZgJXWnpLebaA7mSrB871IDzLwporYTQNb2q4GEZTH4RJWYnr2Y1zXR486wwUuUfqs3uo0IeAFsAqIK0brRwPsIffW5FaRlr6usCGaFRSDy6SD7GDIvWAe2BVDiSCXITRlSYH8SAM48cI3gOvm2xJI39Ew/CQabwVwSAcZM8QGd9XQVWajkMDpKXlqlWM6C319UzoBerNuScaBlbF8EN6DD0jkLdv3f9UMdc5fp4dxijED4gyhB9SJQM5g2tTiOu58QyC55DOdJEmg4O0PXN6kYapPLfmPpCr50gvx7MOGhecOJ5Z5Ov5E9ewkNU7mSQ3/Cgvn/385+sjSJ7ts846c5cBkLdvfOObw6rVq4aN528YTmrp6K2aX1OX1Ic5yJOWho8yEIbuf/zHf1yGOWXTcfDQDcAC2GgsRK14tFIMCxgqUOG0mlQCR60jD61WjQc0xalyeqBVBH4qnHD8DA8ge11uMlVAQ0mGmhC8iopwEAxC8fBrPXn5SxoqZSoQgug4uHC/EDACVN7uj16aCV4E6Z4a0ssLVVazuDfuEYJFxNbbe0aQpmeBHMdpDyBpcPHj/JYGxAAgWPGdc+Kmpey3eCFIcSMXkWu0MFRWh3kOvcil8aCxoafD6dEYEkL+GifmO8iRJlJnWDy75BuO0QCh25fas/zNb9o87+jh6le/Wj2XGiyOK1aMLyd++lOnDre9zW1rdZTGlfSkMwd5qTPy4qjHYd9/+Ux5dRw89CGgBfCwm/gz2ecc0WvxIGIPsaEfm7iplFpfDIShHw8op5LotiIMYVQgXWrErkJoobnumskw4VRAFVULiyyV08SvTbi8RWysWeXQulJ5paHS8+s4+FC2iFVrVG/MMI975qgXYNLU+PnP/dzPlaH2vDDienTuq/vI3xCKsW9k5jlxv0LWyAyxeT785g/OPUfgPk8NBzlTYp4So7D8EHiGpzxTdPX8mUg1sW3o8f/9v/9Xw4oaLhoenjPPOUOn4WN4hzw9WXIMfTrnxGFIPIsntJa9YaN/+qd/rN/KiiE588yz2nN8bjVovviFL1a6jKMyUKcYiBipuORFGfktXVudSBvUNTp1HDz0HsACvOIVr6hWtu4xstZltgLC26Ra8ZzurIcVQXhwPbB+pziRh0qrsqoYrme9uAruuqEelVClUHFUKuP7HnJr97V8pJ/KTr54kN5Ex8GFMnZ/OFD27ml+g2fDJLwxdM+B1SmMNWLU0raKyzwCon3Ri15U99cEP2J2TpZ7x7nXjp4TBOfIjx6QHoA49KBPdNIQ8Oy57rd4fkvD8+H5Qs4IVGPGM+Z5MwyjZ2Apq+FHQzjia3SQ5TkUjg6cxo9eEINGfsrC+T3vfa/WOLlZi7OuPd/faI2j/ywZ173u9epZf+c73zF89zvfHR70wAfW+L/y0UOSxhzKQVz1RR41hGzBnuE1OqoHHQcPvQewAB54Fdq4JyBuD59WnXFTD2haIiqBSqLihjz4eVDF8SCDbnHiqegqn4qqIupVeMD1DoTxwKv4hoim6TAi5MYYwJSYOv7nSHnmfip/frm37pN7YQjDEkmGADEif61cvTxLS913JKfXgEyt8sp7JWS6zxnrJlN4Y/bSlQ7n+ZEuf79D/OJ4BughrucpzxqjYO7IhnmuWySg1wJ6LAySuJ5vsvVqXZeG4UyyGA9yQLry6pnUIPIMMoB6OVrxn26NI70G33C4xjWuPtzoRjeuHjK/r3zly63ncWoNj131Klepjd9i4OidfDonVx7S4wJ1zaZx/F1PuI6Dh24AFoAB0HrTIlIRrPP30ILJPZVB99TDazxfRVAhVLg81FpMWjqIQdfXEk3+Kp5VFrrdKha5CEK3WItJlz3jsrq/ZKoAqTCBijD93XHwoFyVN5ffyjvkk9/ujaE5xOitYPM1Gg1a+oyAZ8j99Gy41yaU9RbE17oVFiECMnafXfNMkC0NfsBguOa3a0hcOITp+WJ4EPNf/MVf1PskGg82C6SLRQzmLsw7CZ+dQMnPuytpqAB/+nh+6WfYRxiGTp4MD/GTri+7mS874+tfr4/36HEwhHe5y53LOPpK2drWmDnrzLOqTKY9V/lJWXLO5UG6GkbyoCcsr/TlErfj4KAbgAXw4CJpD7KHTuXjZwjIw651jtg9tFp5jnk4VQznKr3WlAca6WvNqIzk6Aa7Jq5KmfFQ11UwLUXp+9C5Sh7ZKkjHJQPuX0jY/TPWbZzd8mFDQFrB3uFA/OYM3FMNCqRpUzoEh4zdV61v8Az4nXsdcvTbESlzCeO5Ygw0Ujx33tQ1MW2rCtcNXXq+vKymF+uZ1HjxPCFzw1cMlF4JA6BHSpa4iF/++EvDM68eCEsXRE4Xq3x8zxm+972zq+FDb2n5Spn0fqAZnHe+452VXzLIh2kecw7k6g3/0i/9UjWK6MBPWSdMx8FBNwALgKQzWWsc1UOvUmd8UvdWi8uDicRVKOeue8hVDpVHhQfkjxz0GhCESiae6x7wX/7lX66JQi0fFS1E0Q3AJRchLIbAPTLsYqjDZKpxa6u7rGBByhoLngG9BatrbLdg2MV9Dab31nNELhIO+SFhR86zwCFZLW4rjly3nh8YH87EdBosyD5GC9GLp/XveZYGXUL60Uu+gIHzTHPI2rMrfYbLF90Ys5aDFn9bC3v8cNrppw2f+tSnyyja+uGCzRcMH/rgB2uIybOffKQMYwD4SYMejKYeTMrFMYaj4+ChD6gtgJY4wlZhVCQVWUtJRfaQ6vJ76FUcFR2EVdE4FYfLbou6+851xVWmGAcribRyPNjk+E6t1qFeQ8clG0jL/Xe/wT1Eqoz4X//1X9eQnmfCckkvlOnRGerTkHCP9QLdc88TGZGH/B1DeBnuWQTEr5Xv+xUPetCDaqjSsJK0//Iv/7ImeBkdhgKpSgtpS8NvaWhoJC3hNGA8fyFbeiFthkJ8Omv8OOfuete7DT92j3vU9igmm48++qjh6s3Y+TzlKad8soyQN43JlLZ00+OZgzz5lZalqkBXOqhPrnccXPQeQEMqHAeIHlkjb60dD7xegW68rrNJKmHSmhLPw6m77+hht38PfxWGLGEt93RkYKwZZwAYE91z3XmytAwZCQbI248qpRZZegEdlywgJw4QFwJznxDv3//93xehInytfuTs2bFU1DPhOdBz8Jx4BsVL65sf0vO88PdcOSJEYcTXOPG8eO70WL2AZtjJs5rlxORKJ73OPJ/k6n3G4AD5yJl8eRLWubBa5sKS401gcYrwG9FvucBS6I0t3a+WHNVIXC+CIfwzz/zWcMzRx5RM8RhGackjx98xhkF+9GakzQkLzoXrOHjoBqDBg+XhM47qYTRUo7JqtausWnVpNamUrjuKp8KL6yHNsjrkraLrOXhJiBxhGBCtRK01LUFytNrERfQqqgk8wwYMg10qGQOgF9dxyUCIa4opOVnZ5f4j5rxUaCWQSU3Pht/eAfFCmWcLKcZ4cCFfabge8vYc6Ul4MfF+97tfNSq8WatHgZg9t94BQLQhTD0McfmRZ5zeb71YvxG8xofwiJ4eSYsf53n3jKoj5GTy+7Of++zwiZb2GWd8vT2/Zw8bNm5ox3MrP+vWrxu2bts6rDJH0GQEZAHdUo45aljpCRsC4pew4HfHwcURzygedPDwpZtrZY/99M0BIHQVxHUPPue3sCqWisNPpbHWWlxErnVkvBfBq2jiqKBW9hgWEE6FUrFV2pe85CX1BrI4SAJBZDzUg59WUMelB+6f7zl4dqws8watIRGEzQgYVrQyRgOD8xwhXeERn+OUiD1rDAu5nhsvntlW2bPk+UCaFhEwOMJnODLPDvmeJzBMZPjHs2nFmXNOryHPXJ5zx8jzYpteh7qhByJfZzWDtLER/xWveKVaIXSVq1y5Gi47W3rkpcU/dYsgT/Q3j6IOdcI/9DjiDUBaOGl9qQTGa31r1icePfxa5Soh56E0JCSsBxZhqxh+qywmeXXrdcPJCdGrcCeffHItwdMjQABaU1qIdpfUM7Am2yoODz+dQHq9Ilw64fkwZPKrv/qrNSTj2UDiVua4x4jOfeaH1D1DyJdD/K659/zT+PCc5uUtxsCzZYLXUCODYXhHfHHF4/gDPzKE54/4DT+CoU3PIudZjCFgQDzf6oGeh/iGRg03eY5PPfVTrZW/rXoV9gLKhLCVQbaHOP6446te0GHqFkFePf+Mx97CdBxcHPFDQB40D7oHW6XIDpDGIFVgrRzEnK6osIZuhIUsozOGb0IOsvWzCqKbLK7VEIZ9ppXISzmMhAffklOVkHy/kYKVQQwF9Apx6YP7jMg9K3p1SFVDAPG6n1rL/PQSPWvChfg1NgDxCov4+ZHp+dDIsH2I54PxECdk7dkSTss71/z2bJEvfT0TK5MYJYQvfQ0SYThxxZE2vchQFxgdz7wJaHm51g9ca7jDHe7Y4uiltOe06bZzZ95W1rtuRmx5M2JNDr3jkg9OGo5geFTvgt79mT/0OOJLeHxQL6wHXvfWQ2eCTYtGhdLaMpEXpKLxQ/oIXVjw9qWKblyWDBVJ5bKiwdCPF4Wkodv8whe+sFo60lXJVW6VF/xWUYNUjo5LFxCnZwWZudd2DdVS1wI3Kew5sVmc50Ljwf03BOLIIX3PkGdOy54sz6sGB7JGxJZaImLQMPHceJakSYbVZp4faZDjWTQ5bYnxE5/4xNon6LGPfWw9r1mp5JnVgHFuOMnzzVBpsHizWSOJMZDGPe95r+EnfuLHyzB4E1irf/XqsUfs7eAL2vNtGSh9p049o49zZaNHJK8aW55/8WMEOw4djngDkErqITfubgJXJfVA81fxrEpQmcaHekdVKg+/iqgya4V5zV13XHgtOpXXQ25PGN1a+8aoZC9+8YtrCEArTZis/Q/JqxRT8u+4bMEHf8wvuf9a8BoSvi/BGOj1pRc4R3oG4LnyLGpsgJ6ixkj8kbfnSRqGXxgXrX0fDspmdYFn23YLPvNoLgrh6wEjZLqoF3oM9DN86ZphUukY3rrFLW7eDM95RdZ6vgzFihWjHurP6lXjy3J0mzokT0fDqdIU/td//ddLZvIvXMehxRFfwh62rOp58pOfXA+mbRuy5FOlQ/Qqp7BIm4HQclF5tJK02lQqFclDrfJoTamUJoMtzWMUGAATxSpjZJLh4edARWdkOi6b0GJ/zGMeU0SpseH5MdfkGfIM6BFqRMzhmUjDADEKi7DNQXlmxfGsaphkWNIKNP4///M/PzzpSU+q51aY9CKQtt+ct9yf9axnldGwIWGWJtPHc8oIWLxAB8++9MlhGLLs1HO/fPnSrqatHqxY6T0G78SM8xBTJ/+MiVU/hsKe/vSn19JoIFs6iwxhx8HFET8H4GHVAvfwWsapRa5CejhVEL/TtYZq1Sy1XtJF1SJC8Jno08LXK9C6SYsp+6+Ip8telaRB91cFI5NfKjrZeg7SF0el6bj0Q4tai18DIb89N+5xWtlINw2CgB/w9wxynh1DMZ4dY/jmBcizskgP1r5DiJ/RcV0cpOpIjnggbc8d8vduiuXHDIn6gNzzrOvtks9oMQIMxLfO/Fb5Gfr59Kc/U3KlsfPCnTUfIO6yZY30d52Pjn7CajgZjtIw4h991IEYi45DhyO+dEPiSBsBa+kg7VQoFY+LAfBw5sG1w6ff5glUYuP7WlYqj4qJ6FUycshG5rr8Hn57r6soHvAYlCBpdVz2oKWPWB/4wAdWj9AQjda2RogegWeD3xyeiTQaQoyI2LOlgaKlj6xtU8LPV7RspSCMeJ5LhK0H63l27lmMQeDUBS1zz7KVS1YpCauVLjzZjAtZ9BXXNQ2c973vvUvkv23Y1tyO7TuGHU3nnTv31DnOsI/0bEdhV9XMVXDkk0WnjkOLI8oAqAhz50FTSbTcrW/WHR0f5PHh9jAalwREHbJmJFQ0YRkPpC+OCTSVxvisdd8eYhVUZTM267fK44HXguMPWmDk5rrfuviOcR2XfiByz5lWuaEa4/P89BY9j4yBHqH7HdLnGAXPBXi+PDfI3HClBQWeUfEe+tCHDo973OMqPoI1BIlwPZ8aIECOc3HIAGGce6bzLJu0ts2EnqgWv+ecTMZAvYALdzQdW1rHH3vcsLLJOHr9UcPR69YP65uMtatafWnPs9Y//elER/prQNHV/klk6n0E9FMXOg49jvgegAffVrkqJFJHwB4+FSDIw6hCevA9xFpcKpDfeg2MRVpLln5ywvktrLgqWCqydKQhDhnOp67jsglk7v6757/3e79XQ4fe/EaOhlj0Djw7nhWNC89eGirgOQK/nWuQWLwgDmNglU8+WSregYJ8xGze4A/+4A9qgztGw5yDxos8WK7pGddrMAzEX6/YuedeffLsG161Com/oVGNo2c+85mlqzzTNfnrOLw44g1ACNjr8/bo9/q+4R+tHdAa8hvZI21hVQIkzXh4JR4Qu8rA35CQrnwqu3AquLQSD1zfm+u4bAKppmVvAUDW4htG0SNAoIjWsxYDAH5DGgd+a637be7Abw0Rz6bWOgPCOBwopOs59cx6rqXlTXXj9XSlsyFPpK6HK5w85dmmg96woVAGQF5tGPfoRz+65iX0tPWIGQj1S6+i4/DjiPok5KKsqpBPfepTayzSxzSe8Yxn1EOp8niIVTAV1oOtUjnn56E3nmtMVAX0QHvF37kHXeUlhwFJujmmkgSpbFOoNHQB18jrraRLP/Jsuafuu51DX/ayl9VafK1hH5axPh88Z55PRyQpLqexwZHjmk8tCufZs5omq32SxoEgRiTPHHlk8UfWXnK0Sk6LXriEVT/owqXBQ1f1S08lOqf34ly8A9Wz43+GI74H4MHNQ4zUVTRIiwY8nHPy9fDyE97DjrC1jDzkWdKn16DCaP2TIQ2V0kPPD/hnSEArTs/B9QwpOed6BblswHPBIXLPgGcl24YYxvEMeRbcc89VnhOEmWfI0W8EjFxN2hp+4ef58tz8/+3dB9xuRXUv/idRY2Jy7401zRJjNLGgxhqDQKRIUQFpAkqVZkMUNYAoF7FhRURRsHHsNBFFkGIDMcaKRk0s0cQYTfwn1qvxmpv83+/o79y5437Ped9zDvCWtZ7PfPbes2fWrJk981tr1szej363McRwwQ/Yk0OZZFE+Of3HMRcOH761LkaP3U2O3noXv/vuu7cZg4/WmRWrE9nIaPwYXwK+ZhlF1z2tegWgAxqMOjlFoDPq7L0CQM51YPcNDIM4g0Fai3J8nni4lkbop+6Jl098QJ3iEYcHK44LQLBIrBxlGjRFy58AH2I4eLZbbrllW6gF/J6zfqYvOOorjvqK/qMPxKWYa8AJ7G0YsLDKDaQMigG/jSFy6IeOKMpLv42h5Jwc4sk5Xz8VL0/kR/JmLIRf0XVLqx5VDCCg/Z73vGd28MEHt4ElLr59gwswi3NPhzVV14kFb3M6sph0blZ/BqfBm3QJGUR9MGsw2A1g+8D5TpXLv2oQ41u0MslCKgvZcwaIZgT6j/6krwn6yBQxKKR92MMe1tKYPV566aXNoNDXzCSKitZFq14BGGj2JLOgnAN61lM+7AZ8WSfiWCpmCqx0g5Vi8NIY0AfeUQAGnvtAfVQAiGLog2m2vEDfIp4yvJmJl3jlFq1MAtwUgP4XoOfaca6/6B/60RSx9PVXC8f6iJmET0TrPxRDUdH6aNUrAJ9rNv32r02f+cxn2n5k4J0B5DwhxFqjLALoBhxlII6yiAIweHvwz4DGuw/i4x6y5/rYY49tCkB8iJuqaOWR528HmmfNEOArz4xPf9DX9K8pYpToZ2YN/WceuCVtzZxPcRQVhVaVAujBPAH4s7i8iGObGys8C7IGlDQGp4FlQIljnQF803MD2A4g7hp5DEqWu3vI4A2Qc+1IowwDlAXHz287nG12Rx55ZFs4y8s4Aj7y41u08kh/8M0e1jvgt/jPlaMPxoWjj+kH0uqPUQyMAvHeIPbWuTjrUPon3331maL10aqfAfheCgvMoOHGAfALIYNLsM+ZEgHarHgB6BukAX6D1uC259sgtebAastLM3ZO7LPPPo0HOcpyWz0E3L0ZrA/pe0DfTECf0ReE9KOR9CN9kBtIHn3LDDQvNC60LxetXlr1CsCgMegMMqAcy319xIo38Aw0gxcZcMCfEsAXT8AvTlqD2gId0Gfp+bqiT+BaxGOxyYPHfAO+aOWR/gPEfQICcOsD3JCMAPfMEufrDzEUfFMou9EYMfqae/O5joqKQqseaQwUg0wAzHkDeH2UKbm/5vNvXgZeFoLxZNk5An3nXEYsfot9Zhx77LHHbL/99mu+WwAQV0+B/+oj7wBwG+p//jVOH2KUMAYESmGKbF6QjjGSf5ujPLKtuRRA0fpo1aMN4Gc5AerDDjusDcKFkPSsNoAO3A1E/nxTcCAeJWAwuubPF+cv7/wdH9eTcjNY3QvhVbQ6CMD7M3ff77EhwaeYzSj1Df0nM9Qpsvak/3r718ySgeHzDBaSsw5QVLQuWlUKIBbVGCzIWnizEGzAAXXAnMFnIGYwAuoEe7gtwPkjC1aYfNYEnONFMQB31p1/bfJpB7uNTNcN0KwjGMSuKRXkumhlUvqTfoc8c3+wbgboJS7GgvP0BeQ7Otw6+pV+F9cQvz+Q9y9f7uPpz2bCW1xR0bpo1c8ADEa7c0yfAbpBCOgNrAxUAw4ZnKbnrHwD0P34cA1OQC+9NF7NF+c1+eOPP3626667tnRFq5t6RY/sAPM1Wv5/xoHPQjAa4grUn/THKdLPPvShD7UZpU+R6G+MGXnlU1ZR0bqoXEBzQG5BFmD7VyLTar5VYG2gZrAaVBmUCPiz8H3kykA0AA1Un71lwfHz++rhNtts06w+9+WpQbm6yfNPH2DNW8AF3IgCsCVZ/4mikGY+BcBIYbyEpz7LFZT0KaeoaD5a9QqAq8f2SwOJD9a5o8GTgcgic474ZllrLCxx/uDbdjzpuHb4+u3lt8B7l7vcpSkN6ewwomwM6KIipC8Aef2L5c93bw2AwaDfuLeuGYDZKh42IUQRmAFIL1+Ml6Ki+WjVKwADhnXuJTDAz2K/6qqr2qzArh5WFgs/1r+BZdBRBBnA4gzc888/f3bf+963Ab6pvRmCwSgd61/oZxFFq4/0FQT0A/76GPA288ymgQC/o3use/0HiWdo6F/A3zqUPsznzzhBeOBVVLQuWvVo5ENsGVwsLzswDCpTacBtoc09g86ABe55QzdHg+7Od77zbM8992w7g/zLk0FLcbD6nVsryFpC0eolfQoF/D/xiU8096NPKesnDI/MFKMA9Bt9CcnjHPj7j16uRp9ltoalH+vDjvJJW1S0Llr1CiCDzA4eH4AD9hZsX/3qVzcrHlESIwH+ALqBZvuo76Cbihu8XEkZ7EVFI+k/jAXg7wuw1p7MKm0kiKXfkziKgVVvxuC7Vfqa9YMTTzyxzR7sPHNff8TLDLaoaF1UCmBOAfDPA+z8MYeXafjzDTCW2tR2OgOSFUZ5GGiUge+x7L///rO3vOUts5e85CVlgRVNkj4HoK+++uq2hXjrrbdufYXbBrhP9Rv9DJl1mnF+8YtfnN3tbndr/8xlV5pg9mrdCW88KIyionXRqlcABokXcQwgbh9/0O2FLp9oMK0G7FMD0nTdgGXJmXIjA5Ay8YloU/HLL7+8xRcVhcwKBTNGa06s/7iDADdw16dG0g/d906Ad02QP1eXfs2aNc0FySg59NBDW5/2XktR0fqoViTnKD5602dWv6m57Z2uDTruIQrCtcHL4nc0UCkBFp2jWYTZgoVkvl0zCveQwVkv5qw+0k+4aQR9wDXQ/uQnP7nWjWidCelDZpWOuRbkYVCYBQB2rkpblj/ykY+0PnbAAQc0Y0Vfs5MIOc/20qKi+WhVKQCW1hgMEsBuwLDe73rXu7bBxJ1z4IEHtn8Ks9hGEfhuj0EsfXy1zu0kMkApEnwMVP+JKt+HP/zhVraBTonUoFw9BLgBOLeNoA8wAs4666xmxW+77bYtTYwD/VE/E1BmmfoTy9924yuvvLLx4erRB2Ok6FtmrnYDIWmmZhJFRT2t+hkA942/f7Tga8AZUG9605uaZeX8qKOOaq/qs7zs0DCwDEZWXHYBGbix7Nz3Mg9FYmvoKaecMvvoRz/a7ssvT9HqoIA340BfAvL+TY6B4dPgQDuGQx/kG4mLyOzU4i/rX5+yXdmagf7nLXauR3xTbhRJUdF8VC6gOTJ4TL1ZWBk85513XgNygO6Pu1/zmtfM7nSnO7XBhgC/wepoWx5FgoeBKj8+LDyD8swzz2zXlAhFULR6SH/hk9c/AD7g/ou/+Iu11r6+534f9KuRuImsG3hb2IyBUUJ55D0Vi8L6mNko3s6VV1S0Llr1CgBYc+2wzPN3kIDeQLIg7P4d7nCHtg7wvve9rw3Oa665prlyWPwsOwNSOmlYeXYQObL0/MUjt5CZhGm/dEWrg/QBzxtQ+0qnlw2tH3Ev6nP6EFCP28e1o/40EsOBcWFmCfz1KeCv/zFS9Fd/LKM8fTh9sqhoXbTqFUAstB133LF91iEWvd0ZdvV4y1KchTbWm0FHUciTj79RCgaogS5tBnIG8957792s/+OOO64pBfeTRh6DuWh5U8DW0XMF1vpI/gDowgsvbC5ALhrWvNmivge8BefyIX1In5BevxJ/8cUXN/C3c4gy0Tfd01f5/hkdPintnPUfnkVF66JyAc0R14/BYzDZAQScAbPB+qlPfaqBPvJn7RbhvLRjAAN3g21dlpapv9nFDjvs0BbuuIOkFyf/fFP+ouVFANvzBLr6ERDnQgTi1pRs2TQbnI/k05f0BUdh5513bgrkve99b/vbUH3J/wdTKPqSfgT4zSh8bvx2t7vdz7kVFS2MVr0CAPSIb9XWT4NYHEvKoHb+0pe+tA02A5slf8kll7QtnxSDNKb68y3ussTwxM9fQJplHH744e1DXu4Z4EXLnzxLoK0vsP4FPnjbPT172zP56UfSr2JA4EFxUAbiWPqf/exnZ1tttVXrd/rOV7/61Tbz1C+zsEwBeAu4qGixdIP/OUc/P1+VBMANOJY4vyyL34wgOzQMNj5/A5KP1TdbKAID02CVz8B3BPQjiVMGQOD/NZjNMq644oqmcGw9Vb5QtHyJO8azjiIA1NaMbMu0G4zrj9GgH4wkfYghob/oW69//evbIvEf/uEfNoPhoosuavFmpvjqO8rcYostmgvTDKGoaDG06mcAAXAAbPHXQDYIWeYWdVlZ3q608OYv92y922yzzVp6H32jIFhnXEJTxH8bNxBLzfR93333besIr3rVqxpgFPgvf4ry9zxtKbb915bNhz/84e1aX/K9nvlIH9APuYAA/tFHH93A3wcGgb8NB+6ZdSqD60cc3owS/WlKuRQVrYt+ac6yXdVbBQC+wcfvD6RZbe9+97vbLAD4m7pbtGNtIVa7ONY8VxClwMLL4NOcLDgBb4O19+sqh9JwnzJh0VEoZgbKxwcP+cxAKKjwKUWxdCizOs/KM3TuOZlBevkPiNs9RjFw03ju0ug3PXm+jAfP2gxUX2HpA3jAzg0k6Cv6oL6jHzja+SPPkUce2a7JUVS0GFr1CqAHWQDt2mIvy91nocV78cuRBcfiMuUWDDqffKAw9tlnn/ZvYEA8g9SABwCx7By5lvAy6LmSgMMXvvCFVp5FP2sR2dqHh/zy1uBeWkQBeE4AXZ/RDyzQWvi14O/ZAmjDS/DM0fgcPVvP2H07e2wVBvT6Hgvf5x7MAPQdZelfyYcoCX9AZLHZLKCoaDFUM4C5gWdwAWBNQRnw77/uda9rrhszAfGA2+A10PhfpfMZXoOWdfeud71rttNOOzVQMGOQB4hLG/AXgIV4biNlusbbm8dcSt5K9qanRT18haQFKkVLgyh3/cHnPnzVE9iz+AXPzDPm7qPEBc8+5z3Fb2+NgMuIRW9HGpcjZUCh6Gv6k7zOo3zMRBkr4vSxyFRUtFBa9YvABhUlEIvKOdA3iA1K5wacgcWyZ4UBZ1a7ewbf7W9/+wbOFosBNT+teJYdPigDXx6AbzZhcMeqs8Ds3KDHW1kWDfGRlwxApWhpkGdrV89rX/vaBsb+mJ3P3jPNfaAf5R8aFYB+w6igQCh+n3uw/kQZUCDySuPZA3j5HRkZBx10UFMClINy3Bv5FxWti1a9AkAGUD9YHQ0sf9htQHLXAO2kdc1v701hFryB78UxX2nMNN6ebwMbL3koFgOZy8eswICOa8lgNuhZf6x9CsCWP35gSoHyIRclgJ+jEL7AJvfEjVSgsHDSnmkv556v67SzNkY+FWJ/vndCfM+fouceZABQCCHPDmCnjwF6zxg/8RSGoC/gwe3je0H6UADds0Xy64f6kZminT/uK0O/YiwUFS2GVr0LaD4yoAzGk08+uVniBp2Bms9FGGxAnI/WDMBOIdN5lr23h7kFTOW9vWmgB0CyWyj5M7gBSwL+wAAvC4rcCv5oxqwAIMkr4NsPeryAxEj4FS2MtLs29GwyNDw759Z4PFeK344xazYAnfIG4J4vBeA5yK8/eN74eU76j9kjXtyMDAF9y7f88bjssstan5PWc9YXGAdx/2WG6C8gld1T0gtFRQulmgFMkMHEevdXkP6yz8A3qFlfwNRgt6XTQp3/ZGWt58UuwMAFZPveG9/4xpaeZQ8oAIkBH1BwzzHnKGADKFiU1hXMQnxeGoA87GEPa7yAP1AAGPKwAuWbAvupuKJp8gyBqPYF6NrOc7An/+1vf3t7A9ez9W9c3udAWSfK83QUsiGARa8PeVvXDNG/ztnZk7eDPVeKhQtR38Mjz9dz1Z+8TCZOWV4k1CekY6goxzmqZ120GKoZwAQZ+IAgC7inn356W6T1933igLP1AQOUq4iy4K812E3N+fNZf5r25S9/eZs1+KKowcrSi3WJd4AbiAf8BUqCJagMgx5vL49xS5lZPOIRj2gWoXLkAwABgZEKFBZOnhGi7D2rD33oQ22Bn+KNOy7uQCAszvPk9nEPMRaANVePbcKUvvv4UQRA3syQscBt6G8dzQiAvGftOWYmwPr3fH0DiMLQN5/4xCe2PiXkfhaT61kXLYZKAUyQAZppvHPkGz4GPGvMoM+7AVwGZgQIABjIfPd77bVXA3g8KI8PfOADzfpjyeNpILufbX2JU64B7Z5zhIeB7UgRvPWtb21g4Y1QWw75oQHOfEqgQGHhpM3twBE8L7M8Sh2AGyqAlhsGuKd/aHPn7jviQZEAfjzE+5Cg5+vFMOkZDFnr0YcYFchzx9usgPIPwD/oQQ9q/U15ZiRcj+J22223tWUrN0qoqGghVApggWTAPv7xj2+WvEHJ6jdQuYkQADb4DEaDlyLwgo40seJ9FIxFyJJzDfwBhQDQAYRyvDVK2QCDKBGgIU9PFiLPPffcBh5vfvObm6uJDB4pGfGjrAJSrEq8yCOOYgBojlPdYDkpDiDpGZCZ5RyLXH1zH2kHylvbq7N02h4Ic629+MUvbmsvFlgBrvaXV1tqK+kdlSU+Clt72gzg3O4g/wNhtuiZnX/++e0Z2bPv+TMYGARe7tI/GAwUBUVOPq4ldVC2Z+af6dTDtfLMGmxTvu997zs79dRTW52Vm7oWFS2USgEskAx8L/sAXVNvL2zx7QIGAxrYBCgAAYsPKPAZc9cgIMNyAxDu+cKjPB4B4AfM8gIOfIBBH6ZIvEVnoMS3bEGabMAm4OQecAN6QAR4iVOugMdUN1guCiD1UF/1S31Sf3HqEiVNOUrDzeZZcMvYzw+sBYuyQFle1ra8owJwjb97eMonrXhK19FbwZ6NBXxuQetJ3vUQ51tByhCAPaXEcDDDxIus+pXZByPDsyPv5z73udaHlKH8fKgQlQIoWiyVAlggGWxAG8hyBxn09m2z3s0GDGIDlXvAoI7Vb62Aj/fggw9un+sFDAYzK4/17lq8T0wY1EAkZY0EkHoCYsqhPJQf8LBLBUhwX1AEFh+5I+Qnr0euLKQswDEF9stFAaiDOgXoEZD3jJC21M7uUcL86eecc067Z/uuLb1AXX7tIw0A1p6O4uXvFQBe0oa3Zy7OrMH2UM9Bf/BJCM+fde/LoJ6NtpcewHt2NhTYSsq9Z71BuWaP5Af6ymNsmOWZMZCBEeL+85///CaDZ5j6FhUtlEoBLJA0U0DFYp4FWX8YbzeIAQ2IAYeB6BrYyiMOQLlvAZfV7zMS0om3PsAatCuE64ciwF9ZeAgBOEDQE0XCRZB7eFIKAEF5FBOXA+ufu8HuFcBBWQAk5QX8e/AMjddLlbQPWdUdGGtzbeJc21LC2gAAq++97nWv1l7ZnYW0eRZVtYV2lz+KYFQAAWFp8TCD8Awt7m6++eatbVnrAJ6isJ2Y688MjWxZR/CJcC4oMz9KWzm+LaUuZgTK4fKxXqA8wfP1/MwoTjrppNYH9AXPtahoMVTbQBdIgCBAbrDZCXLppZe2QWw3h0Fumg90BfcBESsPYAAD1qZdQQDj7ne/e+MFXIACYOJeYg0CCpZfwB8oOAKFKAXBOoGjnUhAgBuB5al8+YETq5J8lA5AOfvss2eXX355k0c9WKKZDYy0XBQAiqwAXPuapbGmfViNEvD8nvCEJ7S6ssylV38ATalrW88C4HqmnlvaPO0unWeR9I6eAVePfL4HZacY9x9XD7Dmq/dvXtxKAX95zRT48LkIzUgop2222abNGDxHfQbQy+vaGoI6CPL6YyKzOgaFfkYWz7uoaDFUM4ANJIDAivNn8Qa0gQ+EgQ8QBuiuDUwDGbhI5z4QoTws7rEUKQ6gY/ERGFg05JbgGqIkWIgWCQPqGejKADweIcBwX5w8wAtYxDUUqzggJi3gIht+1h1iuZJFADruqSvZY2kqQxx+yolMKYMsjsoBtEnfk3zi5JNGcC1t8qVcvAT1cU+dpKPQtAu3HMDV7lxolLGZGeVGOeKlvtpKeYiiEPBRJ/F4C6kLfnjJr+7aRHp8Wd8sc/JRsrvsskuTRTuS0/OVRx8B/inT8yfHHnvs0Z6F/f/S7brrru254eeZ2H7qHjee9hSPtAkZHcU/+9nPbvycp25FRQulUgAbSAagAW3gnXXWWQ0MADmrTDzAMcDNBAxoAxjosThN94GyAc9SBSD2dnvjF+AAJFa8GQFg48Nn9QFkYIQPgAImzlm15AhAjgogZXvUASxyAUtlCe4DEC4p4MZvbeagHJRvzgAzMxlKSf0EPANQABJpH4G87o3gpE3cI6Oy8UFk13baEDC6Z6GWcgyAapvwlo+cQBlgS0NO19KQH0CKJ1vkSDrlobQXftK5J03SS6dtffFT++APxMkYheBFLgvK3G12i3kunjfeghkBQ4GcXIjk1l/w9gwoD2Q2YBsqF5UyPSvPEQ/thtRdXCmAoo2hUgAbQYAKmAKZF77whe1NUS8M+RN41jUgMTABUcAZkBvQ/MUGLKvS9atf/erZk570pLYYSAnwSWfhliJgDbIm8c5fV8baVb50ZHEcFUAUEAqwBUCSR3rghxflxLrmsiAHF4SZCQuX/ICKz9sHy8jODcEnjZey7ULCR/2VQUbyAjlykEfdowjxth9e/ZRHCUmnLD514O+N6+22224tyFMCysAHAHLF4K9+8ipXmerlmiyjAhBP3jwb7eCo7pS5+uBnHcW7FxTRU5/61Lb3XtnkpgDUwQItsOfa468ni7K4eMxQPCufbQbulCtXj40B+kdcdv0OMWXja7OA9z3ISWZ1xTeKtxRA0cZQKYANpFiLwNHgBB5r1qxp//J1/PHHt0EZcABGBq+mlkdawMmalReYAARuA2Qw2zroCAiAGEABDkAC8Cgf0AIYoAU4A+J49gqALI4AQxyiAMgREJQegJAzQE0uMpt5OEfAn2ULpJSr/gi4WmwFWO6pO9nxAuDuy6cM8lAKZKIAWcbkVl9xAJEPnvuDvHjJl3aWhjyRWV3IixwF/NIGUQQ9SKonki5tQsbIop5AXRt7hnEpKZuiIp/nAdBt66So1AspAy9tgR/lZMZkbUcaswNlqo9PiNherI7Sc/tpP0FabUjBUrbaTDoyyItKARRtDJUC2EACRAjYABeAYgACdbMBA9KAtcsjIOh+BimACAhIKx8CkgBeOm4F7haAAQwRcDLgga2XzbgcAAxwsmccGOJNPiDiWhmxkAOMSFkAXByrF6ixRKUHMurmWhcRoozIFuXhKCgnSoEs2gMfvIGWtqD0xLnnWn6ykgt/7eEaD9fS4RvFIF4ZaTvlyksm5cgjvXsUonxkTpulXgFXRCb1Ecfdpj3JxlWTXVn4mY24p83NxrQ/5UUGCsJRWdpTfbUlftZyxFME2kVa8uDlPvBXL4o8Sko9pONWpDgoYP2DHII6CM5tAyWvdtAuRUWLoVIAm5CAACAxwFmGp512WrP6DNb4zIGucwpBekDkPjCMggBi0nGzcIfE/23DlpmCfCxgoA5cuJMuuOCCZrH6Pj0gSZlcJnbB4AkkxOPnWlmxHoEHkANcLNzE54Ul5QBQ4NaT7hMgVy65pBtJvDT4ADzgheQJiAtk6glvBKjJDOyQcrU1YJVGEEduIKwulADgzMzDzMI5PuoGZCk+X1xl8ZODC48bR15txUK3/mHXjcV57Skd/vJrS/XFk5XuvQs81cXsgR+fbGljSl2bchNJww2Gl/b54Ac/2BSu8uTFWz4yq4cyUlfn2tCby/KQVf8qKloMlQLYxGQgAwjE1/usZz2rgQorDhm8gMvgBepAATiJdxQMbgMewLAy8eRfBkYAzjZG3wAyK/D4gIT7yLZB6ZUhHmABs2w7jctGefIC9AAhWYAzGdQBDyAFWFy7n5lKyH288HaUf4rwQoAcqb/y5cfbUV48esr1qADksSZBNvHIedJrtyhXsuEtHSXA+uaTV2/gK1hvsQgPTLWJNlBXQO2rrmYD2pOLhgKmXMliJhClSh7bbSlmfntALl3aUnpKBF9KNTMlAI+PXVh4WUTWPpSb5+W+Z5r2EshAxlIARRtDpQA2MRm4ARtgZOD6z2AgYiHTdj8WO9cO0AUq0kQRRAEALUDh8bhn0BvgAWGWJFABSD4KhlibUSp4kINlC/CsLyiHTMoALqxMiglf/mf38FSmOLI54imom7w9kUu+9SkA6fAIzwCZEAWA/0jyqIt8jkA08gN4JJ/74gGhcwDJN++9CveVAeApRMDsnLzAEy8LveSyk8cLe2ZeFCclwT2jLO2H8CeHtuWmsSjM1eNbT3hbyAf82sRMkNuI8iZH1jy0s7Yil1mA9ic7sKecPEPnnl3eWygFULSpqRTAJiaDkZsDAXiDGHgAG59+eN/73tcGq6+CAgBAwWI0wA166Zyz/AAIsAA4wIeVz0WDP56Cl4681CXefwf42mQUAErZeCHrCxSQTxKYoSjf3xkCJkBDubB2dQufH7ATSLkADxiTvSfp8FcmYCJnyupJOjwAnvuuAWKvADJL6Ek6ddEGysHD57CBX4BYOyOLsvzqwBQQU5IWb/nxrY9oZ/m0lSNZgbPZBaAGvD7joI6UNf883uTTTix2sgjSAnWK3B+0nH322a2tY80fdNBBbYtvFKe2NbNI/8i3geTB75BDDmntnJfFnFNA0vuwnLpJpw3SR/AtBVC0MVQKYBMSEAMsrDPnBqRBmkELGCwgAgbWuoVGrhkAA8QNauAUYIz1K69BDoAQAIk16jzWpO2G0jlnVQJywMC1AJgQ2fDEWz5gyecP7PESz50hHWtZGvXgJqEkuDbIQ0bgC4TJqkx5WMXSuU8pyK885FwaMkmPj7prM3KnK8ZCjgzS8Juzhl1TYHjiT5ngI71yucWALTnJpR3c117qJY6Ss02XssBLOfJkwdfaC/7K5NYxCxDkc98zAuba1FdDHSl2isTMwpvWZlbK07aRjdLQlnjj43l6F4ASf8hDHtLqQ/FrU+koH0ezCwpAHnXRftrKda8AhKKixVApgGuZxuY1aIEkF4P3Blh63EIANkAGIIAHQJEfQLqX/EAQUANR95wDQvmAhyNg59ZgubJUASLgco/SAT5RCoADoAEgQCkN4AGWwAkpiz8cT+WTS5y8ZJA+IEQWQBbZALh6AVn1TRkUjjIpEm0CiN3jj3fEnwzqDNgFFjNrngJVlvt4IWW6D2wdlc2K5tIx8wGo4pXpvQWB3MqXV3py2morLRAnV17uIx+Xj1mFa776ww47rH1byEyCApYWWJOdwiI7OdWdklUmQ8DmALMOZXBVPfaxj23x2o4C9LyV7bmQyYwG0JNBe6ZdSgEUbQyVAriWaap5M5ANWIAIPPzl4FZbbdW2fHJVGPTAHAgAQ0COAihADw8EjACG9NIqE7AB2D6OIgAeXA92rAArQAV0zEasCVA6+FMOANy5vMqQV5nKAkAIoCrDfXUhX+KlJyeeFJo6ADRxyoxiI6tz8ioPQKduynYv5yjthwerWv1Y64AeiGo/LhxKUFnAk8KgALWn/PLiF14o5ZgZUAraSZrMACgWaa0JAH/1pci5cyhY7huK3E4sSsF6gmv87N4yG9AmzikYAZEpW33J6i1gsmg3pG0pXW1HHrKTQxuXAijaGCoFcC3T2LzACgFN94CAc2Dxohe9qAEot4IXi1iQfMwGO0BwDzABFFY8XuJYpFxI+HF5AC7Ax3UAqIA8cOfucETcGQBN+fLhSYYAI4uVOwP4sLh9oZJSAkIsVOWmDspSBiuarPgCJcAuzn3pMsMA9MoR8BdHobiP8JZenSkIljV5gCcLHNDlswu+maNsAM+q9tKUsrUbHz7gFJzLzy1GHkpXPooC0JKBkiKDdQBgDowpGO0GyF1rA2Vah+Aq8tnmfffdd3bEEUc0/vJzB4kzkyCLNvO8KAvn2267bWu7Cy+8sMniD949B++MUFLyaw/1DNBr01EBaLtSAEUbQ6UArmUam9egBTzAjXuCKwaoBOTtGAJyLFoAzEcM3AA/Ao7AwLVzg94R+OAT0FQO4KAQADH+0vBpy58dLtI4BvwAEMsWcOMlvSAvEGRVs+QpELzVJRZ8AN1RGSxlM4nIJh3AA6rAMbMI9wCwe2SI0pA+9/AVp25xQZGV7MC+nzU5Akv58FN37ZR2F+QHutJFRnHyUBbKkZ5VbgcVmXuycP7c5z63lSUfZXT22Wc32awv+E7QiSee2OTjEjLbyjmyCcAzprgpLgqCrOTQtuqKyI6/egH6PEdtJ5QCKNoYKgWwRMnLSSxRwAJoWe6sYIOcywAwAUr72rkgABlwECgH4AWwkXPAJh5AISAIZDx+SgD4AD1gGLCdAhTWsjKBGb54AnsypZxYq+oApPBTnnIcKRCWN+XnGqC5B0wDfKEsTEfJOM9iLEWDlEl29xOkw1P93JMmCiiBbIBVfaRRB+VxwZg9yU8hW/dgnZuV+WSzI17aIGSWcMoppzQgpwhY9WZf0lAIZlDax84rfyRkt5Z01gG0h/cHAu5kFsgsTlnqI79rMkfZPu95z2vPzj3piooWQ6UAligZ3AY5y5yrACgBE8D6uMc9ri0c8jMDL+4M1jC3BRAFjqxCVitAAmDADnBxWwB2vnJWqXMAJC3w4VphuQNEwDKSmQOw4UohH3kAj/KAKoBSvsVNyoZCoSSAa0/kFK8c5QI7+YB3T+ovLVkC7GTuFUAUB159AODiky8Aj1cUjnZzTslmKABVbcXyP+qoo9q7Fv7WU93UXfnjsPEm9nOe85z2nwNextPO2t57CNqI8jZ7ktfbwsi2YM/Q2oAX+6IA1C3tqBzyO4pzxEMdPFNlqptr8UVFi6FSAEuUuCcM6ljswAoYAifgyrq0dRCIA37AxPcvT3zawE48AhIedazE/hzQoFjF8gi9hRsCMmYe8pNJOiCqPPfw4EICzsAsMwCyuC8f4I88vQLAi/w94TMqAPL2CsD5qDiApbTiY0FLl7pFfgpKWlY1V5f1DUBNIVACD3jAA5p8aRv5yOLYk89E+zCbGYJ/iuPG8/VSCkB7eWZmc2RJ26oz5Uw59ApA+zhXZsoZ64eke8lLXtLS4Rk5i4oWSvWPYEuUAGMALmAmzlu/3BN2DInnQ77sssvaFkODH1BwwTh3ZJkDnQAekMAngBrwcJQGEDrKA/CU0Qdpk08aAb8oEWkorQCSeCCLpEM9v8givfKQ8hPIDCildd+58l33yiLnSYdfFEMAm6za1BE5pyyBtG2iFsIduWv8WQ/Fiof08pNVcK7+PZmhsfopDm6eo48+url3zJg8O+kpAsoS4EtrZsAdpAyzDHzJmvQUZmRVJ2WLT5s4J6N6UCijTEVF66NSAEuUAAEw455wbpALADrbHJHPDgABMwauIH9BaCYAJLLjRX4AIk5+JC6ADCyR8rL1EPAAIqDUB5Z8AFEIgAMx18rBR1kUAX89S5UiAniO+KZOeJEp4CUeaCdERuncUwYaFYC0kYkMsYYd1cn9uGK0C7m84+DFPD56WzO9j7HXXnu1F+ekV6Y8IeXhGcXSkzUA7U5e7jTPSL0pBAu/AB4vsrm2pkBpm21w41kIJrsytB3+2iflRCkIwN+1cswK8TXDoDDSXkVFC6FyAS1jmnp0QA1AWTegPPiX7VEHfLaLshSBEYACjtw1AXugCoydB3BZrXFDAR8ABtjwZtmTQbw4iiS7mtZH8gEyfJSVuBFYI5d44OZceQhAuo+AX3iRMfWQhzzA2boHOW3H1CbaQZvYZeUFLW2DZ69YFkraG5ibmXmpC6B7L4Hy8Wc3yqA8taVdRiMddNBBTTZlq+v4bIG89o6CJav6HnrooW2mYQbiXQJuwb6dSiEUrYtKASxjmnp0Br14QGHwcxEBA4rBi2DcHYCfe8inD4AwcArgAymACVyADCvTInEWce0sci+uJfkBE9ByrswRxBGl1BNloTyAqzz5xAXQQ4AcXzIH5EPqysXCb2+PPqXGj8+VgzcZ1Vl7sPABviNlaNYUsNU+2quXabH0zne+s30ymgL0kp2tqa7x4u6xlmANQF1Y7UhaLiFk1rEuBRAwVydEkVBoXE0+Que5egeC60q6UgBFC6FSAMuYph4dAAWUcVMIgA1YO7LogaQ96O594AMfWAvwLFhH1yxkyoDlaaeKOEojQA7IgBV+FAWABs7uj2CPxjjyACfAGwJYQk+AzCxFnRDZyUn2XEdBKMOiOPDFH+gCffcBMdDUZtpBuXiGz1juYskMwE4gZds9pO0oVq4mbY2/OCBvNoIoYCBuIXh9MwB8tLN6ecbue0fER/3U284tbkEfpisFULRQKgWwjGnq0Y1AxmIEKMDFPUDuCJScA0fWM4ABRvbuA0rAwaLmxgDAvmNPGVgyYpUrG4DiD9ikj8uFG2KkUVbKggz84BSL+5QPcO4p/75llgEcubT8MT0rPrMRO2+8XUsZkY0M6qje8jryxQP9KVAkt3v4C+P9hdC73vWu2RlnnNGA2AwET8CuPtqREiUH5SU+RGEtRAEAebwEswaznosuuqgpOGm1wy677NK2q5K/FEDRQqgUwDKmqUdn0AN1IMJaRNKJDwUIBUAhrSMKeDgCMtaq2QBwlY7FSXEg5VjQBHAAyrWyfCZhJHl7ko57CaBTICx0PAA7UANw0rDsKSdlUlTIfe6TrE0AW8CJAp6pWwAQ78RLy+2UWYh41LfRYsmbzS94wQvaZzO8S6FN8CMnBaoc9bUAbdGXG8g9ZVNkdgNFAYgjW+SkaN2z0I8v9xUloF2k9VIgRee9A28o5xkqP/UvKpqiUgBF89JojYcCtsBJ9wFQlIogz5QPfQRX1/ICZgTw8EOs+MRLF/CmDJYqoJkBvOMd72iLyj7sZ0cRC51LyEzHDADoZ5Zk5xHKDMD/AbDiKTD1l1abmLlYtDZLoiis6WhjijLtLo+8lEjNAIoWQ9U7iuYlQD8GwAKQHQEQsAc07jlnzY95hJHkB1xAXXAuv7RcQaxboAbA3I/baT6ltBTIeoR6cVEFvFntLH9vbgNraQL+IX/4og21gSO3mlkXn78FZGsJe++9d3PBCV5Qw6uoaGOpFEDRogkQA7oAMqs2gRVPQYxB+j6I4zLKfefyUgCxdrPNNJRylyJZcKYQKS318Wawa/VA2eevThZvQ67tZFJ3bZlZECVAEYaHXUaUImWgrbiRioo2lkoBFC2KWOTxTwNjFivLHVCJdx/QjUG6PsgjsHp76x8Ism6jFJA4QTrlLCXivvFFTp9y4JdntVsvsSjNx2+NxEtaXDapN7dQiEUP7MV7Z8Bsh7/f+oYPAOJnnUScWZCAzLSKijaWSgEULYqANCBDAW8kDvi7D6THIL4P0iZPzsVTIng65g1e50LKXSrkhS67orh5TjjhhCafXT6seqAea148BRZ3EEBHrHkzA4pU3bWT+2YP/gPBDizK0z0Utw/FSDHgmRmU86U6OypaulQKoKhoA4jV7x0KW159ATRbO1nmAJ7C4rJh+VMEdgnZwWNHUD63QVEAfLubKAdv87pvJoGP2QDwpwSmKAo4YakpyKKlT6UAioo2gOz6YaHb98/aD/hy1QB4W2FZ7Hl5i9/f4jDKv7JxFdkW6g1e51xGdgvZSkoB4GNWMN+CL9CnIATnZlJFRYuh6jFFRRtA3rr1VdZnPetZzWVjBsClE1+/7Zp2AXHL2KPv3YBY8j4V7aUxfyhvR5B1Aul8j8j7DhSGtQGunayHTJF7WR9xXi6gosVSKYCiog0goGt3jv3+a9asaS4eLh0WOxeOdwC4fCgK6R784Ae39QHuIpa+bxT5y0hWvu/4mElYCLaTCplVOF+Xbx/o92E+V1FR0XxUCqCoaAOIde8vO0866e0uLvEAAJUDSURBVKTZ7rvvPnvZy17W/izeAi0FYBeP7/LkT+ztBLK33x+++/8GfxqDbHn1GW8uIO4jgfWfT3aYDVAMI9gL3D5cTPLIH3eRfAlFReuiUgBFRYsk7ht/HHPEEUc0IN9xxx2bxe7f2qwL2MFDQZx88snNPw+In//857cjN5G3f80K+Pq5hygHlj5XjxlBtnr2FF9/H7xzAPz9JzQelEBR0WKoFEBR0SLptNNOm+23337t2zte4sp/DQDxxz/+8e3Tznz7dvT4To8F3YMOOqi5iGwd5eu/4oor2roAHvKy3Ll6sqNnpN6q7wOrnwuJS8l1UdFiqBRAUdEiCeg+85nPbNY/K5yv3rd7gLBZgG//HHnkkW1mwEK3HRSoA3kfsvPfDCHbQM0E+O+F7OkfKW6fPtgm6oj/He5wh/Z56aKixVB9DK6oaJH0sIc9bHbgnEV/ySUXz7bZZtv2mQYumSsuv7zd96czlIRv9pgJcA/Z+slCtzDsD2NGMqMA/NYO8g2knqwLyJ+X5pChS8H4n2h/MWlLqTUDyibDumYFReuimgEUFS2SgPEft/8k+O3Zy152SgN/O3uOevKTZnvsuefsZje/eZsVAHuLuc7974EXvYC/7waF5KMwEGseAXnKoA8Wgr1QRjmw/PHlWtpiiy3aTMPLZNLEfQT4C/yL1kelAIqKFkkWWy+fs/aB8U1u8uuzW8+BL/D+yb//e3PpsPxjsftom3UAu3Us1FoAthaALAhzCUmLgLc81gLi5umD/0gA+tYdBOBvB1KUTAF+0WKpFEBR0SIJiP/LHND/9D9+9j8F3/7/vj37oz/+o/b1Ttb7d7/7nXb0KWdHSsFCr+2hwJ1Fj+T12QhH6bhvHM0oWPl9EG+Lqf8VpmCsMXD9cDUh94uKFkvVa4qKFkl23djT/9/nrPq/+cIX5iz6/zb79Kc+PfvSF/0Z/Q1m//7jf2+WOqD3/X9Hu32AtXNAj7w9TDFw37DeAb8ja5+7pw/8+9YSfHX0gAMOaNdAP8rEefz+RUULpVIARUWLJG4bwH7rW9+mAbF9+w3w54D7hje80ezLX/lKu77Pfe7T3gcA/MAd8HMHxQUU+uQnP9k+IQHArRskLfcRN5OZhe2jj3vc42aPfvSjG2+zAen4/ZEyygVUtFgqBVBUtAHE8mapo//6z/9s1vz/+T//MbvTne44+/05BfGfc2B+ySWXNLePdPz8Zg4sfts2kTUA7wf4ABzgx5O7B7gDeVs7fSWUEjn00EPbfwGbDaD8H3JR0cZQKYCiokUSIOe2+f73v9dmAj+eA2yfdLCb55prPtNA+kc/+l8tLeC3BpBPQnAdeV9gyy23bC+Q2R1kBiBPdvGw5KU3CwD8xxxzTPuDmX7mUD7/ok1B1YuKihZJrPX2Xf85K53rhpvm+9/7XvPzWxP4x298Y/aVL3+l/dev+8jWTwDvRS9KIbOA/Oev7aBcPRSKF8kOPPDA2VOe8pS1C73yCc5RZh9FRRtDpQCKihZJAPtP7vUns1ve8lbNuucCuuOd7tS+9nnLW91ydt/73rcpA2TLqDd0gXfeBraLx4KubaHSeROYQqFIpD3qqKMa8EvjRS8krxmBXURcRFlILiraGCoFUFS0SGq7cubA35ZM9Ctzlj3//1e/+rW2CPylL32xbe9k6QN1SsCCLhDn2uH24cKxHiD4lDSfv89D77XXXu1bQix9cT4Ol22gXEOOrouKNgWVAigqWiQB5xve6Iaz/5r7IUD9ox/9eG5GcIv2/f9fmvvd9na3a3/+zqVjRmDW4CuhjkBdcL7zzjs3NxBfv+vs6ikqui6oFEBR0SLJi2D+C+Amv/az//a94Zxlf9Ob/uZcuFnbysnatz2US8jbu29961tnV1999Wy33XZrO3oEiuJVr3rV7OCDD248uIPyklj594uuK6qPwRUVLZL47R99yCHNP3/hO98522677WY/+F8/nP3TN74xu+1tb/fzf/L66eyzn/ls8/d7T4A/338FHHvssc2Nc7/73a99HgLY8+dz71AAtbun6Lqk6m1FRYsku4B+47/9xuzB2z949v0f/KBtA73nPS0K37IBPR/9F77wheb/v+qqq5rff//9959deOGFs+233779Cbxto9YEuJMs6qLYYvIVFV0XVAqgqGiR5HPQH3j/B2ZXXXnl7Dv/9m/tvwC+/W2ffPAm8A2bG+c2t7lt2wZ6/vnnt7+AfOADH7j2bx6zlTOUfwCjENDUP4IVFV0bVC6goqJFEsC/5NL3zj7+sY/NPvaxj7cXwLyZSwl8/R++PnvQ1lvP9nrEXrPN7nq3n+coKlqaVAqgqGgDyHd/LnrPe2aPOfzw9hLXjjvtOHvsYx47+73b3IYvp1nz9WWeoqVOpQCKijaAfvyTf5/96o1/tfn/b+Qrnr/8S7Mb/PIN2tbQ//rPn33euRRA0VKnWgMoKtoAstefpX+jG95g9ste0Pqlnw0l4P9f//V/v/lfVLSUqWYARUVFRauUagZQVFRUtEqpFEBRUVHRKqVSAEVFRUWrlEoBFBUVFa1SKgVQVFRUtEqpFEBRUVHRKqVSAEVFRUWrlEoBFBUVFa1SqhfBihZFuosvWjr6a0TnC/l/Wt+670k+oSdpxnT137dFRdcelQIoWjT5E5P8a5Xus5AulE8dh+QZwd6nlIWioqLrhkoBFC2KAtzpNvmz8vXR+DeH8oz/fuX7OeM3dOrb+EVF1x6VAihaFHH75A9N/JOV7uMfsNZHC1EAeI3dcZw5FBUVbToqBbCM6ac//WnzkbPIAaojUAbQ8Z2LA7T+ZlBc72IJgMsbUI817x7r+7vf/W7779pvfvObs4997GMNyPEU/+Uvf7nld41Y78paSJcK+KuD9O37+XNlx+J3/r3vfa/9feKNb3zj2a//+q/P/uzP/uwXZgTyZi0CqQcZR8UhThv8xm/8xs9jfhaXtkv5RUWriUoBLGOKNR6Q7wkYiwdsgscszh+Z+9/a3/3d320gH+v9+9//fgNcYCsAy0MOOaTxl99/3P7whz+c3elOd5r9zu/8Tov/1re+1f4JC33nO9+Z/dvP/x7xNv4UZaCxmylXORQAIAa+5FOu/9z9vd/7vcYHX/H/+I//OLvb3e7W+JDziCOOmD34wQ9u1+p0s5vdrPHFT1AfygLfyIjUmfKiCG5yk5v8P+0WRTa2ZVHRSqVSAMuYPDoAF0seAWF/OM5iBmjAnuUvuPe3f/u37b9pgfpf/dVfzb72ta81sPznf/7n2d///d+vVQABVbx/8pOftPxmAsATyFMAf/RHf9TuKRtgb7bZZg1s5VkIkQHYUgCU2T/8wz/M/umf/mn2L//yL42nsty/+c1v3hQA0CabtO67Jpd63ve+920ySe8vGsmuDdyn7ORTjnzOlY1PwN7RPe2ZuKKilU6lAJYxAT6hd+sEnFnNX/3qV2ef//znZ1dffXVTBMCa1X7b2962geO3v/3tlhfYZyagOwBKyuI+97lPs8IDyNLsuOOOsx/84AfNeqYA5FeWPMDWLIGiGGkEVXIDW0AsL9kcb3nLW7ay8Pmbv/mbtWnMQD796U830CbHNddc085vdatbtWt5KTHpyeZIGZktUBT4br755rOtttqqyYnMECgD5aXe5FReUdFqoFIAy5g8OiAIhFnPQBLYf+Yzn2kADgApA2AP3JwDP4DPKv67v/u7BnbC3e9+92bBi6cgACP3C0uaSwWo4gnsb3rTm7Y8FIjZhDjXQJcswH2kMQ5/aQP88ivHUZ3Izh0UxSS9cpQhD1IfdfnkJz/ZFJs1io9+9KNNAcmrHo5AnZxkUAb+d7jDHWYPfOADZ7e//e3XKghlFBWtJioFsATIIwBsCEhxoQBcQMVyZ6kCQvFAKmnRl770pdm73/3u2Uc+8pHmyuH+AIoWbYG9vMCPa8Wfl3MPffzjH2/x97///Wd//Md/3ELWBJQHMAHwlCuEfLGSHYVeHjReI+l7kmYq3Rg3nww9UQT4k/8b3/hGawszBIqQEgPylBZe8ppdOGpfMyaKb88995zd9a53bW1EaYj/rd/6rdam2i+zBkrIfcpLuXi457qoaLlRKYAlQL0CQMAJ0AAYxGoFzJQCkGO5A7gPfvCDzafPggbsLFlpgRhFAahY6axj4HbHO96x+dPdB3qUCuCUFg/AiD+gZEVPATRyPwpgKs0I9ujaVADySKc+7nH7aA/rG9rpK1/5yuxzn/tccymRI2skCIBrJ8TdpX20jQVnijFuIQTkPStxmZmg8XkVFS0XKgWwRCiPIQAIyJFrPnhgBvivuOKK5tunDIAVAGPNO+cGkh6gAyNuDdbrAx7wgGbhA0bg5R6rlSsF0EcBxB0D6PAcwRgBQyEKAI1dKNZyT9emAiCv9hKcA2N1QvgBa+4rswGzArMhCoFyxF+9zXiiNClCSpOitNPITMAsgkvJmoMZlvZXnrqqG5nGOhYVLXUqBbAECHgEEAEwK5yFyg3x2c9+dvbOd76z7djhjwc8LH33A3yAxzWA4/q5xz3u0fzbv/3bv90UhG2VATcAphwLuR69vFEIAXbn81mzyuwVAB4jIAd8exrBMfUdaYxbiALAOwqT4iIT+c2aWP/i7FLSduIAvLb9xCc+Mfvwhz/c2ky7C9rRegiFK6+F8CxGUwL77LNP23EUJUfZKG9K6RUVLXUqBbAEKJYrkGFdsvi5Li644ILm4mGJslAdAY4ArAI+8sjLtcFiNRsAdu4BeoBMEUjHGpY3PG21BKDKFx9l4HqK3O8VADCWryeAO9K1qQDkIUPkAvDOyaoNpFcn/nz1dx7AFveBD3xg9vKXv7zV+fd///dbO1EUFChecfcoB09l7L333rM//dM/bXGe31Sdi4qWOpUCuJYJMPWg5hrQAGRHIO6cFXrVVVfNLr744uaSYOUL7gFqFqsZgPzAy5ZH7huAxEVhSyYfNjeP8oCU4NyMgkIIyAuUQsoPIDrHT7lA032yRGkoTzyeCfK4T5E4Kkc8xUPuKAhx7pFJXZSBv1kJqxsQkynAHAKu8moH+aUXJ484QK/OFnmBsPIAuHJ0bWWLE0ZlIg0ejujKK69srqEPfehDsz/4gz9orqLMtLQLHmkTbaoOFO6f/MmfrN2OmpmIdOqjfG3kWvnqUlS0VKgUwHVAgAMIAABAoMkBBVBhab71rW+dnXnmmWu3XQKUALtdLaxQIAXgAA/wB1y77LJLezMX8ODLzw1gBOkF58oCRq6VDUiBOR4AVf7IFMDjNgJwgNX6QcAPoAFAeQXneFtr4Dc/8MADWz0QoPcCFx744oeAPT6A+ta3vvXsta99bXOr4CWuJ7zldQ9RNPhRMNrOOdnxJA+lgzd5xK9LAbivPaUxI9K+2oC7ze6qN7zhDQ3YkdmVZ4g8I8/Emgu5bCndYost2nOjiKPE3HOecqMIioqWCpUCuJZJ8wY4DH5ABJQBr+2Y/PsWd4HZ7W53uwbMAVl5Y3kCHKAGUCmGe9/73rN73vOebSFTAOJACoBFAfQWp/PEOQImfJWlTCArr3hALR2w5QunhMhIFoAZ8E9ZAkCWx24jR7JbhJY+MuArX68MA6Jf//rX27X4nrhZ1F2g7PCwQwcI40t+CkdZ6oV3AJ8M61IASBrPAn9tQOEI0nINeZHOwjvePoFBVjwp0ShL7U8p3+Uud5ltu+22TSFYL0D49KGoaClRKYBrmYAk8ABWwA/YAPEzzjijAQugABhxoQScgYtPM7BA3QPCu+22WwNr6QGaF79YreLkZQUDJGXhE9DBL6ALxKXF35FMeDm39mDBE9gDPryAYXbAsNZZ9QFUQRogb92BnO973/uaNU12IC2fBVhpgDcLnwxkBdoIqLqm4IDrSNntZIZDYVA26sj6pwTJRXm6Fo+fuq5PAeApjTogabSTOAqB3PL/5V/+ZXMPeW6A/s53vnOTQX0pAm2nXPnFq6cZzfbbb9/amVzKxitlFRUtBSoFsIkpzQkQDHjXgoF/0UUXNR8/sEOATRpKAVgCDqDiPpDk25bGYiRQBUgAFJjGSgVYZg8oPnbxXCGUDzDsgZVCAfQWl+Ujl/LcB3oAG2DJZ01BnHRcQmS64Y1Y6Tdo8rhnp4x7QPjmN7/ZbJdddp3dek5OcpHftkvKAHhqB3vrlQkoyct6Vn9yu0baLkFdU88oMnwC5tKoD+UgziKu484779zqoD7kB87444eHNORQb+mQeAS0tYny3DOzkpYSPv3002ef+tSn2mwEv7wdrT3wplQoZXwdKTnvX6i32RFl4Z76RjEpp6jo+qAb/M85+vl50SagABcCDAY7YDj22GNnr3vd6xoIABWD3uBH8e1zZQAVAMTSBnQUAwABQu4HPBD+gIkyQEDNS0x4yQ/4KA+EL9C1rdQnEyw6UybuUzreIObiwI98ma3gBcgBnC2R//TNb83J+6uz//XjH82+9rWvzn55TpZvzVnFj3zkI2cPfOAWzT2l/upGfrKbsQDKc889dy34kk0ZAFEe5ZBD+fIhfAL22kughJB4dYoiZJVbuNU+3Fbaes2aNa2t5OObN3ugqFyrIwXJ9YRSLnkiozqQgWzSU4wA3VoHpea+ZyWvc+3Vy4W/evuGkXc3yEZOvPFDqU9R0fVBpQA2MQEPwAY4gI+3dY8//vh2jysFSARYAEHSiQMa8gJcQMStAZjFs0iTPkdgE2XgHJjE2nXuHlCnON7//vc38Gets0aBJeAyUwCISD4glWBGAvAoKOXbFfO/f/q/54D6e7MvffFLc7OJW85Z/DvP/v4f/n52i5vf4ucumCbM2rqoB7A0W3jqU5/a4riY8COf9nBPWVxZ/bqCemrPkDgkjqzkR47S4k1RAmWfdjBjArQA+K//+q/XzoSU6ygPmQG29ksc3n0gk3iKwAzKewLyaVdtIo0y8Uh+eRzVXzyFbLakXfBQpvJSz6Ki64PKBbQJCZgZ4ICC35jLx8fJvJiVQQ7kpHMNuACAY0CNlcrtY/ETeIhzTzoAJx8AcwQgAXrngNrjBKbiyMDVwy0C8MnGenVUBteJczMDRBHIn+AeC9YRaAG7737/e2u/HXSLW9xyTq7ZHJ9vz9785je3l892t04xVz4AJAOZ3Tv00EPbOQUFLH2vx3oBuSlGMqgTGRxTT7OU/jrtkPqKD0CL177KSB2k0X7OtaUPx2mfRz3qUc0ap2wpCfc8B3XNtaAcvAE+d5WyxGm/zGo8Y+WIixzk7J8f3uqtPmYjD3rQg9b2C2mLiq4PqhnAJiSDHIDz81966aXN1WKQc20AUMATX7qBnwAYWIfAi4sCIAYYKAuAw2IMsOQeUAOKAUbg9dCHPnT2rne9qy0yi/P5Zn5w5ZoBsIIRwCUHvs7JhvAOTwDGZaUci6Dvec97Zvs+8pFrd+H86Ec/nv3dV786u9kcOP6P//HfZ9dc8+nZZnffbHbzm/1sbQN/b9oqAzjiacahDEqJa4hfPYupZEsdU0/XyHWO4wyA/NoO78RlJgBw1UPbKJ/isoPqsssua9s9fRDPLIfioRyVh0cUhiNSrpmKa0rAc/acgLlyKEc8lIMc5cFPW7jnGm8zIovt2tA6S1HR9UU1A1ggTTWTgW1AG+TAyvnTn/70ZnkDMy4cAA6MequfhRlQBwrcA0Bsm222aWDCPQK4gLJy5XMuTn6AhgARy9S1eyxRVqmyLVKySqUHTsARgCkzVrYyWcsAlbvENdCTBuFpq6r7FlWluektbj77+hz4/cd/zFngN/m12Y2bMrvB7Ddv+puz8849b/aAB/zp7E5/eMdWnh0zLH1bI4EsAFZv9bWm4JocXoB7xzve0coEiO6RiwJRR+0lnfRk0WYoitS1e+RH2sq5o3vSRJGqk2t1ZNFbC1EexZl3KqwhSKP9zBDwyPPTdp6JWZ60FI/npZ3UQ7xnqB3di7KSR/nuk1W9rH3Y2eVbTZ6TdMpK/eSRzj1lFxVtaioFsEAam8nABgZAhCXHovQ5AWCw9dZbt4EOuAzenuRDwAsYAUPWIr9yQFoe5UkjPeCQBk9gReEAEYFV76Ul1ig53Adc0pAlZfUEaPDtFYy8FkRZ6uRm4VJcymXl4kvWX77RDWc3meNPyQDZ73znuy3vD3/4gzk5vtxmMneeS08R2QHE0n/Sk57UytFegvoI5A+4URYWSq1VSAscET87mdRJedoH8Mojv6Ogvoi8aZ+RxmcorXqpKwAnm/8dNgvjMlOeNGl7fB3VXf2Ugad4oE0udfZuB759eT2op0+El2dnVmI2Qgb88sykpwTGZ1hUtCmoXEAbSEAUgLPAgcdTnvKUBhjeBnXPuUFrsMeqEwLmwAK4SQtsuCbkMdhjuQMDQC0OKQvw2Lkj7eWXX954cdMIwJGlHR84PmTEZyT3ARg+XDDSAVquKmsXythjjz0agJMRb5btjW78Kw2sLQQLXD+3uuWtZgcceECT88lPftLsBnMzAu4dO4Moh8c85jGznXbaqcnPoiaXtlF+6uce6x8YUmrcTdrKriZE0VJM0smjLQF/365Iuzl3b6ReYQjaHy88Y7VrD4vGngdXlzTax9EsAGCTXRnSR371UldtaCagzd0XUOQRL0R5UAK2yFqkFm/XlLTkwDtp1bGoaFNTzQAWSGMzuRYsZPqUA4AC5Kx4gzcWWwZ+TwY00BAABkvbYAcwBjweAMY50ItFSGlIz0XhRS3n/PvKZnECMQSsKAYuiLg8esJbecpRpjRmA958BaDWLSxSkgtvcgIgaX/SwPo3m5UMuKwN2Gl0oxv9TL5f+ZUbzW72mzdtMvOpA3tEXlZutpuanQBefCksRE51UB5A9Ec3AFcacgnIfWl7QFceUm/n7o00giilpi20LcUH6Lm5KHSzHc+T64u7yIK5Z0EeMyXtnWcD5JXHnUTxWf+x+0v7kS2y9+dIfnXRRuQg+3bbbddmIfLiS+aEoqJNTaUAFkhjM1lUffvb394GO6sbSAjAH8ABNdcsvJ4MZKCBHxABBgY/cACggAQwINexIIEEsACq0gJvgAEw4zZSFqXgGFCdAkLl4Qv0zSiAnXWChz/84c0Pjh8C+JGPvBTSr87VCchfddWHZ1/+8pfmlMU95+r5a81i/uY3v9Xk+dYcL4oJH7Iqi6yOXETS8H1rnwAwUj9tQ3Zp5LGuwaUCnFnkURD4LlYBKKsn+dSLAvTMgDylSW7WPCX15S9/uX0CWtlkz7OSx3NKu3iuWeD3rMzOfFiOHOIE59JFNvk9K89ZHudREJ7Flltu2dKhqfoUFW0slQJYIAEvA9bg9wmGU089tQENi9HgBAwBPIM9U3euAecAxeDHA5AAP24bACw9YEP4AATg6zxADxS5Fu51r3s1yxlvARj2pCwAQhEpi8VKdvw8amWRG1+Apy677757c7VQBNKZHaiHfMogt3NHioKLBMCbKQBJ8eRwJKs4gIZXFFeOyvcegDbQJnvttVdzN7knb9oYL3UhCxm4nfJ5bNY6d5F70sfS1tbaTl73RtIu6iFoW+nwljdHbTQOCVtHLdBTju7J73ngp3whyto53u5deOGFbbfPz2ZI//ePY3qSjqwChawdlKFfUJJcZ3jLiy8Ztav+U1S0sVRrAAskg87gs6vFi13Ann/c4ETAy+A2oKVDroEMcAd8rEYLjqxZAAaEnQeIpAcEyS9ePmDJpWCfPQs/99EIKK4DYGQhn3LFKw/A+K8BwI/X/vvv34AHKMsHqJTLGpUW4HNrsIS9zWxBmBIKL3wBU85TF+Xi5yjOOcVj1mP/vfrLc9JJJzVrl9sq/nX5BefqAAyBPiXFQrdQzNomCznkJQOZ5dPeAcs+RI6pgBxTH8cEea1LkN87EJ618j0rSocM7iFxKZuCdG67KZkoQfx6IlOI7GTQt8yotLn73Ga5h68y9EdyFBVtDNUMYIEEXADR0Ucf3QZ9XqwyoAEZiyyDtA+5Jx2gwgfgsnrFAWd8gB0SBzRZkkDADh9KAvixdA38WJkB254Sn5kAwJBeGfhk15HPOvDju5Y+wBIAE+c+WXwfn+VtgRIYATttQFaglnzy4O28nwG4Jotr9VSWQHZtCkxd2wllS6T0ZFYHMxlKQ7uJoySsS6xZs6atKwBfCklbS0MGMqvDSNKQWXDfEUUWx9zriezi8McDf7561r17tvtal1H3PJsoLrKbuWRHlmffE3mFkfQb7azvPOEJT2hKE19pyVlUtCmoZgALJAt8L3vZy9rAtlMFUABkAAeoAtoAQhohIGzQZleH7Y2sWWkNcIDoftIh5wa5hVCAcb/73a/x53YAovgiICGPMhPIJV5+10CfRcnqlxfI+nY9S9o9AEMuAMVKFa9O+L7+9a9vL3L5zPHmm2/eZgNko7TMHoCmdMpUlnNxyndUP0f8nauL+gIyceRSL+1JDr5+ykAc4FTPKJK0cfKohy+B4mNWhSf+AerUvw9jW7mWjowJKIqhJ3JRiOp/9dVXNx+/hXIKyAxN2QFtR4Q/WSlLC+bqpNyelKVcfPUJ8uBFeUTZWfehfFO/lJN+UFS0oVQKYIHkOzZAgOvCgASWgAkZuAIwQgYmoHMEqIDAgAVmATHp8TDgnYuXDsmrDGsEZgpmDgAaD+kpHuldj4DiftIBl4C8GcvBBx/cjqxVAK484MQXH2LF2o9//vnnt88Zs8iVRQbKSx3JrQxKMXKTQ5mATFBX5CheAF7aLO1h8Rz4+7qmdQ3/rkVeL9OZ+dgXjzKDogCBpWvlagcuGYBv545rREblBegT5O2vyUHWAHDuo8gsaBPuPrLjTSE7txvIZ5/VS3BPcJ581lk8Q31HegqjJ/VK2VEAeDASzM603xe/+MWmCLSVZ6VfFfgXbQoqBTBBBmCsWKADEM8+++w2KIEP4HLfIAyICIDbEQUQgBPw5q4weAGAPO47IukAj/zSAj/WLVIOUFCWNECFXIAFOAAQwX353XeUB7jz7QMpoIUv/u4BJOUHgMLDGodPWOy7775t8ZLVz+J3DzhLS17po8CAIUAPHxQQdM/sh+yu1Ud+5xQhkAPc6hR31J//+Z+3djP74PqgRMmNp3KAPx7k8jwoJi4tbirrA5QchUJe/PKcyJbn4iiQRzx5pMl912SS133lS6t9XTMEKB3pucXIrr09kzwzadWfjJ5JFACe4rWf/K7z/JWJKAPX2lRd8PcsPEvlC0lbVLShVGsAEwRkMgBf+cpXtgVYIGNKHos3A7cn8SNJZ/oPFFiRFAreBjawiNVHOQAFoOgeEJsig959AIm3cwCDgIKy8CAr1w1wUmZmAtwIlId6qB8Fgacti+5b8AVc7jsCHvdj9SujJ7KTG2imbcgkHknvnqP2wkOXk0acdOJTL7t9yBirmVzqesABB7RnwDWirQLi0jrH07W6eZHNjin76bldAsxpt8iKyBPqh4J6kM0xMjsPSONhB5htqhSYtgbQkYeMFBQiM9l9I8pzyH8UaLfITTbt7eha6Ek9rDmYkR155JFNJumLijaGajVpggx0VqedMrEos9c/gAC8gHcfDPwxAE7gDxjkM/Az2PEDTNIhgMf1A/ymSD6AgQ/QJAtAC5CS16cIgA/3DYUTvz3AI4fyARjwIYO8tjlKkxeQck/agKB00ozkPn6OCUkvOMerT+eY4L46Savc7KwC/BQZS9vLWCeccMLsrLPOarMSIKzdPKO0M9m0p7Z77GMf217OY7Xz1/vvZORZRBFoQ/nIg8gQkI9cZAoYJ14a+cxqADy5tLm20kf0AzLin5kTeYG+9vUM8NUmKd81vkg5wkg+IOddBP2R0h6Nj6KiDaFyAU2QAW8gr1mzpvm+LTgarMhANYgNwAzaUICjD4CBBRh3iTgAJC8QwAeQAX/WNgBkTco3RcoGlEASwAF7R+4Iu4aAHaAgC8uX3MoEQspXLpcCAAOOFpoBrM9PWxvAC4DJK1/qpE0A1Uh4uoevugTQlBvgFC8Or/CIMnEfyS8v0M96gzRkEefal0NtxwS06qP9tIeyHBHgda5+vsmkThaXzYi0Wy+HtJFHnPJSX+Re7quDMt0jK0XDpWYdhGsQ2HvTWRn4mol5hmRzT7vKL484/BwpJDyVrf5ImcroSV48LQZz0WVLbFHRxlC5gObIgDXwBQT8TzvttAaqFktZoQELg5XVnUHraOA6svLdQ47uAwgABjA0tYGMP34AjMXtXDrfETLbMNCBp7RAIvIBF1YugARojsCFjBQH4KdslC2P8uICIR/FwrI+55xzWvxWW23Vyid//O/ySA9cyIkCrmQIIIbIKA858XFOdgHJox1yLh0SJy3KUR5tqL3UgdIEnJl9kUPbcBNpL5+6priAqPTagnIjNznJFlDlEnrTm97U3DasceVrPzLxy2vbzNIiewgvgJ16uJZOeu0tPeWkLc28uIXyJrT6kk2banPtn4/uKTvth4f6OaZP9RTlqo7KJssznvGMpvTFKyfyFRUtlGoGMEcZPAaewWUx0V8KGtAGLUsugyugAmTEGcSunQN0+fFx3z0g4xpYGODiDHgBqAE5U3r3XQMK/Fj2dn8ADzKQ0TZEFi2QU5bth3z2XjgiK8AJsOAnL0tYHB7qxOr36WMvUSkHgAmIfPKkTki5AUAh4JQQ8BYvXa5zH4nP/Z7cF9+HtFHvqnEtr/o52vlD4VEOfOrqTjZK0UxKGud9PShx7eS/EizIU4aAH6A6RrECcudkkV/QBuoV+fF0Ll65noVngi8eFDHZpOvbVHr9xzoF/mZx0vT8ogCkT5sIqUf6l36D1MO1vPIUFS2GVr0CMPAC/rn2jR++c1Y7oPnEJz7RABQIGOwGMXIMSAgGb/gBMIOW79Y9QIHcBwosTsAFoFmztjxKh7/8LF1KAJBRQIAqeSgoZXE5mDEALNeABhAARbKqk/Sse//KJa1yshMJSDlKKz+S3zXZyRE+zlOHgJYgvfokjzokzxh6morTNgLKvShS1AMktwtlSUl6Y5aSQ4CYPGTRXvhFbkefnuBW4ktHeOEJ+M16KM7IFhlSP+QokEUZ2kXwDLhlfBzQTC5lSycg9ZCHknJfeWmvvt7SCKMciAKQXl3sTqMM9ZHIJV9R0UJp1SsAg8vAAZ4GlUXYs88+u1mMrCzWMWvZAAUUQL8HlAzU3HeNX8AdX+fuSeMayAAvwGIQe5OVbxdQAzBpWIeu8Yu/n78ecNgvb0ExIBRXDf6UBYD/2cfZvtn22MvrWzaxctVL+SlHnVIHwTlQw9t1gAVYUUQBNcF98QE3R+S8DyMpQ+hJGwk9SZP8zvEHgkBUPEWgfblVvLGsruquru5LT358KVfyUuaer/pbwJXWtbaQLnLJ17cJfo6CtO57htrfs+aqEk9Bm63hr43wJIc2ldcz1P6AO+WEb9Ipqw+5h59zz0wbqLu+4zrpiooWSqt+DUD1DVCD3GD2XX+DyaKjawOKdWngsawNTvfdc5Q3wT3BwJcfEHDTBGwCwNw2wDlg9rCHPazF4wEY8I0/G7BRQkDN/nhKhyvEYA8Ai8NbvCPQlw/Q2TcuLbAAgMojuziKIIvNgAuvHmCcS0suZajb2F1SZ2nkd5yiMV75Qk9kU6Z4beNIjpQZcHOPPNrUPQrPugDLPn8x6cNtXqQDspQCaxt/7UoBI/ICbi64t7zlLa29gCm+qYsQWSIXOTynxKW95NMWFml33XXX9vKW+gjiyax8z9piMOVFJvdQ6qdOYzvL67787nnOyPVxxx3X6kkG8hUVLZRW/QwggGeA+StHn3fm9mHViQOMBhlAMFANeEeDMMCQwU1RiDcQ8QSuAQ1xBjuwAuhcRMrwohOLUF5uJxadwS3P2972tibfs5/97CYHHgDZPeXIH+XEr+xlL3+tiB++Zi6UQoAsMwW8yAywyEkx5L56CsqRRrxynZMfb3VCSY+He/i5ry3I1wf8kLwCmROHPxn69nTEF2l/94QoLOUpG29xAF7Z2lX7nXLKKc01xO8P2APq8Z1rA2U4WrD1lq3tsJ6Ba0oCL+U4JyNKfZUbGYUoCvwofEoYKKune0h6+fCgQPB1LY82y/MJ/57k1Q5kwlMbqbd2I7OdaviK7yltWFQ0RateARi0gAMY+UtHgzYD02By3wB2nsFuMBpsjiMFoAGGAcrSlzcgKhjA8rJUuQqAEgtW2YCAX5tlCpQOO+yw5iaSj0zADZgBC/lc400BWLuwKGiGEUB0H4gJykXkC2jlOsCUOgqpuyN5nQesySMubZD8gjqMJG/aLmX35SWNgFdCyu1ldt6TdOTKM5HGx9qsofirTta2GRmLO3WSVntEbkrC4i0F7Y9xPIMAv9mTOilf/rRp6i9E6eEtmHVwCYlTjjJy3/Pj3gPm+ov87nmmjq5HUi4+yslRnHLUi6LDL20ZGq+Linpa9QogVqO3R88999z2ZUcggAwwg9GAA3oZ7MDPQB4HaqxSFp30QJy1b7CGj/vJzwpkqQNygE1hcB8YtL4Fb5umbYMWb61N4MPFgReZAYb7AEs51gbwBSpRarGeyeYeCnjn2v0Ahfg+SJN2cC6dowCsQs4F96UfKXnxcZRWW6Cch2cfen6up3iLHxWAdgLg2owrxgfj7KAyw4o7KO2QmZA2tfC/ww47tDa3PuAZep7KkM4RT2XIm+DZanO8PXsv5VHg0nlO7guu8fG8yCcu7dErAHE9qbe0ys4x5epHeFqEHmnkU1TU0y+aGquMDFY7bk4++eQ2eH06AZgAB4POgMygTBDvOEW5Lw+QwUucgWqQAmWDEhAAIyBgAEtvt1HWBuQjF3msI7gmK0sWsODBzSA918/ee+/dfMuUFyBynwUaqzCyOxdG6tMkTFEATBlReELaiOwLIemAmKOy087h1wfpkLI9l4UQ61+bc8eYDfiEAqvbc/aHNrHilanNgDw5HLW39QT/f6BM15Qz16CZgvWVUUbpADj5PCuWOf5kcB9pH+XlXNoooT5MPZ8pUl7Wca644op2LCpaDK16BcBH7jPPgNiWOoAk9APRoHXehykCVAG1ACX+gEAeAC4goGDqDqCVlU82WIS24MsfDZhYr1xDeLDmEYvfTiUuJFtBgRV/tzRAIb5nVrBjgKYHnClaSB0BJIBTT3VR1wAcmo/3SNKlvZwnXwA1Qdv39xbKn4JSV3koRm1FmfpTHR+8e+Mb37hWfhTlgr+1E2srnp8vk5qNcQP5OJ0Zgb4ifR8oFPyUQ6EDZvlj1Sunr2uu++eSsNA6pk9YuMZPuUVFi6FV5QIKGABdAwdA8vvbBQJsWdYGEis91pxBaoDLg5y7j5d7Gfgh4Ji8iOvBfWAAmAEIUAYUtn+KR3z41gGkNRMB6NKz+JXBoiT7e9/73jbgfeaAAkGUDHnISDZyOcbKRQBd3YALQCKnkLq4H+s0JF5+6cjlWgiAoVE5IvfxpSwE8skvPmmirOQnrzLCtwdD19pcPufKl9Z5Ql9+2j4WfcrRzsoC3t4G1t5ZMI+vXpqUEX7Kdv8hD3lIy8tF59kBeGRGwJ3jOelPdm4p0zOmNCgSlrk2wC+KiWL3fJTlWt1R5Ex7JIiTbjwmn/TyMmIQvkiZI03FFa1OWpipsULIoMjAdf6e97yn+Xy5YljRBo9BJQCQWGjAK0CZ6wxQAxEBDrzFARwEMOQBzPghPKUJwIQH4GD52+sPQOT13RtysVjtTvLy0rbbbtsW/MgjyKsMR0HZ4lFkHUk6ANUHQDcG8pEXuV4MqRe58NY2I6XuAaPUYSGUuidE/r4eU5Rnoyyf2+br5zo5/PDDW179AEC7z0BI+wFqytdnJ570pCe1T097Jp4T+YE7sJeO8saH8tYfPHtp8AP6+HHbKUef0Db9M3RNzpFSrz5In3Z2ru/4fAm5Pbepdi8q6mlVzQAMFoODRcYCBLBA1y4bi34GL0s76RwNXucGnOsoBefIfcFgM9gBicFu8BvsFmmlN0DxkFZe4GG3TgAAkLE0+ZcFCoEf2z9P8UEDHYClfL5s0328kDLxcA3gpAEKsYKd95S0iBzItfg+kDsggkfSLITUUdq02xTh14cp3uJHUl/y9CFluOc8cqcuCeLJlJmYhVPbPs2sAvrA27MD0tIK2lK/cZTHeoBZmoVl1559lC95PDuuOv2AsYCfWaYy9Tek72l/cilDPvUl/1jvPOMx4J375BHMOswOp/igqbii1UmrSgEYZAaK4zOf+cy279+5QWRAs/IMVIPS0T3BecDQ4Ang9OfSIINSHBABxIDaYi6LXvqU1ysAcQgPwM8VZBsiWVn7/nowO4qAVOSRT1kBHfwji7x4uzcOeNfySyudo+vkTxAXXlEs6rcQklcdlQ8cyddTyopsuT8l60hTvMjmSL7UDQUoBW3HOidP4rhNgDUFK4+3iSlg6YA3q147an/PjQJg8Ys3G2Mw+MgcwPU8PROKAi+LzUA+ykH5DA+KxcwOP+WTWxsjcfKSbSTxfdAOeGtj+eXV1/wJPdcj95Qw0lSbFq1OWlUKIEDpjzUEb9Zy+7DIDHYAa3AYXAZ9gMY1gHHMwHQurSAt0EG5FgAg4Dc1txsFP/el5TJQNsAweAMsrETgYDbA0gccwMenHyKPa3Lgj/BEACByBNjdk096ZaUO5AslHXLsg7TaDeGd+ofCy5GsPSmvvz9FkSMyhlJ+ZI4srtVT+rQnHo7hQU7ptI/4tFPAnJxAWBvJ4742VU/bcl2beTEQYsGzquVlJMjruVo7MnN4wQte0NYTAuaUh2fn43BcjJQoeZDtvBSO54zIm/o4z/NByaNc8WOQTr+M8tB/KCT9h2z5xzIyUwTSupYeT/kFMhetTpqem69QMhBZTHyxpsqsJBYTBeCewW5wxtIFJAYnMuAMGtfSukbSiDeAQ66BiMEWK5L1ByDkY+WHAAmewEe5rEcAJc4OH4ohnyowwO1kwRMfswxggwc5MpDxyjlZQ2SMrEBAkE4IGIyBzAGMpO1DgAtJ5zyypL2nKPmkS1uK6/mJDwg6F+86dXAu4OGozZNfeueRJfK7p23Jpb2dSyNeu+kP7nkHg/XO1y+d9RfPhiIAsNrcl0X9dabnYAZgFqlcgEsBeMmPW1Ebev4Uh2fnmSlLWry1Ezn6OjoPzdf25EbOpXHd9zt0wQUXzN797nc3ZUAOaZRF4elnyiFX0eqkVaUADA7bLQE+oOdTjxUOlA1ug2McaBlgfTBwBPdyblBn8AZkAAXXAGBBQBwBJ0oIAMgzEjCV18wBYJDdTMK7AgAHOMln8BrMACbggchItoBgH8i3qSjAqRzKCpiNbSVsSoqCw3e+umjXPnge2jTWf5TFSIBTW7pP2drd86IXvag9P+48Qf58tsP3hq655prWrmZ1Zm4UPiWAlzLwIqv20c8ohShm97Vh38fUyXWe10JJWvn0gdRZOVyKa9asmb34xS9uf0upDu4rW3ts6udTtHxoVbmAdHRWkD97sZvDwPNHISxsPmADlZWXQdiHqUHSD1oBv6QVnBtoANuboQajMjJQ7Qbx0bIMWvkTKI/sKQcY+bok1xU/MjCjsICK/K4NaCHlOroOORcvrTzro+QnT1/HniK7tAE1oKKMPrjfEz7y4olSjrgEeeRNW0ojKE8bik/a8HDunjSxcB2Re5EHuZe8odwnC2UN0L0XwGXDirY2I46LyPpM1msuvPDCNgPQBvL5EKBtxZ5jZnVmnlwxFHvaTFnkJbvrALO6AfC0+djuSJz7eCH9w6xWHDnUTbkUEqXJ8FEH/Y5iUyfySafsotVHq+qpA1RgzzIDnGYB4vhl+f8NRgNhKhhkfTD4xjQGk4Hn3CDGz8DjB7bTJIMdEHAZsNyVL99IAQGAQAkAFMCTdwe8lGR3ELCRxiBXbsBAXgM7cvRB3KYiIKV8ZSkz1u4YNiWpA9KW6jxF5OoDGclBzv7ZjaQ9tY+2ZuFre8+LxZ9yn/e857VtudIcf/zxzRXkZTHPWHrpgKvnlPZAnrd7/TOKDAHh1Cnn0kyB/xSFH/59vcmhX3JdMUYsTr/mNa+ZveENb2izUH2waHXSip4BGMgGj6OBAfTt2PCJZAOOdeRDYQaArymKM+imBlzAI0E6AeXaMRQeBh8gURbrjAyRiauBIuDOARwZvMjAlQ5gRGHhRaFQXNIavBSXgU4BUCTcE9KyOgGO2UOAC0XGsT7KUja5XKvPfK6WgJLQnytHerJL34fIkPKQPLmWRtmRIUG8+ykj+ZSLpOkp6d3HK3nIRAb33ZNG3qQNT22YGUNkAuKeD0XuW1H+8MUfv9htY+aoP2lvz4ACMTPzR0DK8zzwQfhzAbl2L3XVziHxkcc9x7SPc8F5+ql7eU7ktINJf/Hc3VeefmBxGEnjvvQMCNtYEWVGSfRlOqY/ui5aebSiFQDABI4GiMB9ctZZZ7U/RzFIdW6uGQogrhjgKd55H8QH9IWAXAaLQWvwINfuCQagtKb+fMT8+PJLIy++dp7wGYvPgEPykRtvoORaPsSNQHGIVy+AIy9FplyD2UAHTNoAj5TrvmMfMtjVwbU82i91FZf78pMrdc89cQBU/EiATbq0SyhxPeiFXCs/50haZUiffMh91/ghfARyJZ22wk9wL2Cb69Q1oO2+PNrSl0Ld84kOL49Zm/FimHIpcuDvXF5KwLPGA0/t4i3hWOCRTTx5HaWV33mA2LmjcnNffSJnnkfyk9VaBfBH2gkv+fSzrD14rhSaupOTEuAa0le4rfDvywpv50Uri35xDryCSGdHrB6DgcVj0Q4oGzRAmXUE7NLRe5Dqg8HSh5Bz9w2YMY8AHAACgPD5BsBB4QAXMwP3WGcZdOHn2vl4JJ90Br4BajbA96wOLFKfKvCRuJQpvXx9wH+kyIsy+Ps45aXMHHO+IYTvWB9x6tGHKYosCfJPEf54BEBHSrljQPLqP5SojQLcJtrXF2P5/ln9yH3pAKRnzfVjjQZvz0w88GVh87tHVvK4nzo75ny++owUeaUXyKEsR/Fk0b54elZmi9xZZNFvKCPyGxsUh+9L+Squ/pm+QlHY0eS8aOXRip4BGHwGAiBkYb/zne9sX4Z0bbAi/lsDwEKfwWJQyuO8D+MAMOAS72iAydvnERAAYl2x2ikfA4pFSAE4l44yohR6oBJPeYmLZShO2WQUhzfLDm/1skuIQuGq4LKIFdnTFMAoI3yRcsSlfmSLfOLSRqmza2E+ANM+4enYn4/l9mGK4gpLQHj1lPJ6+chPdmlznXKk7+M9pwD7Bz/4wQaYzikD7cpwcK18+dUbb3zM8vCh7K0vecvcbE0aeaRHKY+MSLznKS5tIi73XQvKEaTpeeDPzahfCRSAfqce+gblIF6f0obyk1/erF14d0GQz5oGHu4rL3IXrRxa0QogA0RnFux+8PeLPs8A9HV4SoFFxAWEdPYMvD5kQPbBoJDefQPJABzzCQYggAf2/rDF/n6L0SyyDGQgYWC6RgE2AxUPwMFak7aXBeCoh3Pl+8aNsuxfNxOwxoBn0gsIz560E774SeN+Bj4ij3LURTlIntwPb/fwGSmALI+jfM6RfO6nbn0Y5UTh04cxHVeMuDxPbYtfyhWnPtIIyg8faQAf94h2xIOC9SzkEa89tAWeeKV9uOIod7u2GB3y2E6q/7mfdkg58uKTeCAdWd0Tp3zkWpBPyPORVrvrH9yBQF5/jitLvHM7lsjEwhfIrF/hIQ1ZUT6T4kU4cZSX8UKWopVFK1oB6PwGlm16/Lb8uCwdA0cA/Jdccknr2AapTm6gGITyscYMLOcGL34sKYNQnIErSGcQ5dgH+SMH/gaec2/2AmgD0jVl4Lv+7kufwZ68eDkqH/Xg6Cid8rPYx0o1xad0+HjVSV7yIgOfPNLjBeACBtoGP8E9IXVB5FKmkHZxP/GABQ/XUWoBKffUAzmXJrylcS/1wUP+3EPqId9I6q5u8oU/PvI59mWop+dMdmXIB+h8ZZU8QNQuGaDNvZaFdGnx0G7O8UTkUW7+AxpgsvzJYX0nbYvwSV1Q2oaMysYLGIuXR1zKkk5wLaSd1CWuJzNbPCig9BVuHwaHe/Lgrw7aTMgzcJ5nmbaz5uHdAedmPeqiDtIq17Fo+dIvOkZXEBkIBuwBBxzQpu46rw6rcxucBphBnk7vha0pcEEsafkzEA1ABDgCUgsh1hmQB84GqXNyAB2uAzMBg5OMGeB9CAgg90eSBknjnJzKOu+885pFp36uuTjcJw8ADED1pI3WF4DHdU2UQB/UgyyAKUdxCWlLdcw9+YCm/qA98olo74UAcn3BZgFp+vomAFP8zAYYEviz/vn5+dMpjr322qutF2gjfSTArQ+RAUU2IbJ6Rp5f3Dbz9cnUBz98yQSUUZQa44flj7d+NV8/JV/aT9nKFCg//M2UjzjiiNnVV1+9dpE5CqZo+dKK3wbq414GigVYHRm51tFds274d51zzxhA8uW+gZNBIZ9rIbwCKAbcFBiOgxsfeZxHqbAWDSr5AbNBavBKE3KuTMcAAp7yiBNc9+QaMOCtLAvDto6qD8AjsxlRlMUov2v31heUgdJm8olzz3niHKVBynM/cqd8oa+P9OGFnOf59SF5pAsoyp+jIB9yro0jj3YwGwP+3DcWeOPCyVoRvn0Isablt4sGf4CNN0XuWpunT/WyIHxSz57Ij/B1Hx+KKu2DjwC0kfzAnZUvr7UHSs3CtXTaDK/UN8+rJ/F4I2VG+eCrjgwlio6SoxSVoW0WavgULU1a8YvAvqGjijowa1snDxDo5D7mBQyzfU7HNtU1IDJgAzDy6fBCBouBKV0G80jiBHwcAbtBJT1r0bZNbgMDCxiTgysiSiI8UIDQwMcvA3osg2zSSW8Qqzs5ucCkAXSsXfmzg4grKOWEpB1DyklA+KC0mfIjq/PERV4kb9osvKQRxCVe+vBCzj0H1wlI/dyTT5y8yuuPkS/X0gJ+//2rDWwEsA2SVQ+4KU0gh7f0fZBXHsBqZsXKDmhSIOLJo6wAOV7SREZ1xStyI0fxqZejOOnSPqlD+LiHvNNiqymDhqLXn7IGpO4J6jNSL4uAr76q7zjKo99JZ5FYnPchInfR8qT/1/RYYcTyYmHbGqlDA/ZMddPZWdMZoHZQ6OBTBKwzHZamt9IMjlyvjwAEADNQvV0KFHbfffe2cMvS4q8FJuTJwO+Pyo6MrkcKGKDUMcBnQVObHHTQQQ0kKEeLfcqdAoUAzbrClAzXNmnDPgBisqhr5BrbTZBOGnHa0Mtc2sTW4ChB7eNZez7WTjzf8OyDZ+gehe1bQHZdUara1bN0jxIRR6EoLy5EgQwB+ciXkHv6pnxTzwaJTx5pPWdlmLlw/VBmAFy90vfVf4qUSS738XXN0ucixJ8cWTsgG8NJ/yla3rRiZgABYINAhwWsLF1/Bp44g9zUOECgo/uMr+m++wYNN5CBgKSR1+AKyERhAB5kYAgGTEBBPulQrhOUo1wD02BCFMtDH/rQ2ZVXXtncQdYD+KDt6FEPC8QsLmUoN/mUhyfZ8E35BmivkAIgBrT0QMk5C44C4POWzxQ/Fir5nOPj3OCXz1F9tYt7jgEs1wE3aVDuOZIjbZW2EJB4beYeWfDBz31plZPnKEjvvgDYlOG+NlAOXtougAUAtROA9rbsS1/60ubjNyvCS3mRJXyT1/2UKx5v7SeeApHG7HKLLbZoMzpKBAin7vh4bs5jgMiLUg+yu4+Uow7qLeATfni5n7bClyys8vQTikc9w1Pd1B1PecQrtw/iU0ch7SF/ZFFmZJXHLEM67i5H9x2Llg+tGAWgAxsAOi0y+L3U4lV9FlnuCQahTiwPS4bFlwHAWqIE5NehgZHOHhCSN4MDhacgnfQZZI7yuRf+ocQJAJbl5hPEtojapsp/axADXDzcx9OAdDQQM9iAnriAvxCZkOsM9MioTPnUHWDFDaV+9n9TSgBfeuUAAUchZQjIPWVJS9Y+bUL4kBNJl/onhGfkTh2k7csCcq7xS3mAEA/tgtSJYgf8ninXnn/oetnLXtYUm//4VT+8okBQyuxJW5Eff3k9EzO1j370o01h2+nD0LD1Evjqa9Zy5BHwVm8yAXBy45WjOvRB+X1e6QT1RPolfoCfQZMv3Ipzj3zpL1OUcvuAlJvrlB2KTGmfBO4z/NS951W0PGjFPC2d03RVp2Xt+NCVgalzxnLpARJlcMnraEAZSNLGYtOhDabkS9D55emDtP1RWAiRF8iw8rgejjnmmAZab3/729u7C/y4AIf8KAM7gy2D1XXuRQ73xhCrESDhD0R8ZE56uzy4zLSlraQUgXLx9fmMkcZ2wINiGcNIPYgkpD7KIqdroecvuKe+SD7nnhkgVxZQN4Oi0PSBRzziEe2b+Lb8nnjiiU3Rsl7VUdsL6qhdAPBI2ke5eCuHTP5Pmu/fv7XZ7SMOEMdSJxde8qV+KHHjsQ+RQVnqKi6yuQ5v9ykcvn/9ltLhilIXbaFeUxR5+jCScqJo5uvvgnRePrTeMMWnaGnTipkBAEwdXye0d9mAMMU3aN3TUTPYMogMEG8CA1idnHXGYmQVC0BZPOAzGORxLV+sMXEJ+LoHAAycAIGQ81DiEo8f3uQl44Mf/OA2sH1+wGzEAqX6KSPyh/p6CXiKwy8DOPcEAAk8zIzwoQjE2yqrDfi0tZ92ASraQrv0/BIiu6N7ynUcyX0y5h4ZldnzEiIjCoDhmbSpl/xIPJ54J04dnFvgZgjwVVNku+yyS5vpACtWMpmUIa/zlD+S9NxjeJid2VmG/3777dcAV/+SP+5F7aFNkXYms2enHNTXc6o8vOQD4gj4q2MUAv7iPEfxZhx4m/G4H+Amo7JGEjcGZQryCMrCI3H49+kS1Ev9KFXn0hYtH1pRLiAgxVp/4xvf2Kw+lOm7QdODuA6t4/KBB1hN78XL48Uwcen4GRhCQMh9lMHgnvTjuRAS7zo88RKibMiC5PWfsyxzFjlFxaoFyvIBh74MioM8zvFzHiAASo65DzyURbEoT9toN0Bn4JvOy0uR+uw04LOgmPvypgz8yBFyHrn6kPrKj+RD4siGUpcpSlsjZac+8rhOvYC/5/i2t72tuSfMdFjpAeW4cLSXdlFPMsmvPbSrNIjM+GsbYMulKI21GQpaOm1CDjKwxt3v60hOPJSf9sJXvHTi+vZzX3r3yIY8I+dRCKm/+ioz2z+Ra2XhoU+RUXkC3nluI+HnXp6H4Bwv7eRenmEfKB9rSVtuuWWTQbnKKVoe9EtzD/UXTYRlSgYjQOfW4Es3aHvS8cfOD1h1YoNLJwcOFgkf/vCHN7B1TxO511M/eHX6DIgM4FwbSD1lgIh3bnBPDRoDj/wAzEDmv/YNeha5/zK2ddXARwYoeRwD6vgDDecC8Mugzn151CtAQwZxjngBD+m0Qd5QVrZ73B3yZbGxp/EaySsf4EVpI0f1dFRnba1d8XAUPxL5gLLyKX11Zu2T/bLLLmtxZjeUOD69ckx+QZzQk2t8yZJ3MrwEhY8yuXvkVYajZyO9dgw/aYXUDakrObR9X8ep4YevfHgjz0HdpHdMW+HhO0WejbePlUEOR2nx4OYiX/JFzpGkyfMQyBDZtIFxEXl6Us7Tnva05mpLuxUtH1pR8zUdFgCwVlmtI2XgZIDosAalwayDy+8e4iN2Lc/UIM1gGgfLSPj1QbqUE95TeclJJjJyMzzqUY+anXrqqe3cQiaF8MAHPrDVFS8KzMA20B3FGbhxH6QM8eR2z7m0AQj1UK770rMmBSAP/PjUzzjjjLZN1c4PSjbbBFEAKnXqwxSNacgiOMdT+0wRuW3ZVRbXjJ08dsEcfvjh7bnvueeezR1CdrLio17k64P8eClLWvVWT21DwYo/55xzWr29Tf7EJz6x9RXvDmhv+fGJvHj1Qbnjufoh156NspzLn/oL0pJZQK4pgqRXT+tCwF+cdHmGPQ/PNufklGaKKKbkw8tMCi9KRHCe59QHbq+8QU+uouVFK+pFMFauaT9gYjnzzY6k0/ZHPmFgb8GzHwCAAyCwrMwogHFPBpT7/cAQ5zrH8VxIWnkNGOdJ1xMZDErWLcvL7EYeL4kBPIBlYdPgBADqG2BzjSeSx+AUL8413gFAcbkHkNzLQFa29hDPGga2yAzJPSChjeVBqZv86tMHJF5ZIWkR+RAZlIeSL2l6Ugd1NEPz5q5FSEffVyKjfffaDD+yAU7tJQ9+lL5r9cfLUTu659rz1t5mOb6l9OhHP7rNKOz5l88uKcAbXpEZH/VLeysvbZu6py1Q6ua+c/fDS1wf5M+R8slef88FzzxX5/ikrJ5fysBjpLS1e/hIrz7pI/grV5o+cBdmq3X6QdHyoRWlAFj/9mHrrLbnjR3SwBR0XGkEgGHfvYFsEBi0sQJt88sfrIy8kh/hZ6BlkErvKCQuwUCRHj/3MkDHQQn8DThysfbcF0cRWZTmiuHiAFZeaGINWihWdqy5AGsAQfmpB8CTRj3xVlYGuCMApVSULQ7QAwMKCC8vScUNlPcoBKT8tE+CPMpxDOErDx7JK04dhDF9KPXgk7cTx1ZfzwxIJz/gJrs6po3Jgae8lJf74vCjJNSZMQBcuTQYBb7lE0WXtORVBsUoTn0FvIXInnrLk7o4IjxiWZOHjFEgSY+Pc3XCn/JRT/Lpm/ILnlf6rPSu8cPXOT5kwce1dCMpVz3dkzd9Bw/55UN49OFxj3tcazvySZP6FS0PWpYKgKWvYwIgg5g16tofc1s05ZYwmAJuCTpyAEWnzaDwwhhgY/WxKu2A0aEpB3m4OwwIAwMoGoDKRRlcyg9vgzAhZbufADgMNudJFxBBARiySaMuypZOnHqJM+gBlDeJ7dR5wQte0L4oir/6SQ8g8MCTnNrGQGXFajdlqreZjjIEZatnZBFH8ZjuqzvetqtSRPn/AZYgwHSffIJzbUIePJz3ZUiTI9kEsmR2QXZ5yWbPfp4Zl8MLX/jCZvWzPvEjgzz4yZ+tm0h9GQTi9B3lAVPX2pCSpdDwywKv55t2IzflIJ3yPQPkGSRkJpDnRnYkDo88N+VLQ7a0BZ7KkkZ9PRNphBB5wsM7Iqx/BoDnkvbDG8nn2vPHP31Q/gR16gPKveR37qiNHPESh5f6brbZZu0FRvdQ2rto+dCyXATWEXVAAyVWh4U64M1yMz3XKWO1hOQTp8oGjiPAefazn91AxSDPwNfpDSh8KAKLjADPwAZEypCuJ/wNugw450IGvKMyxWXQAA8DEK8oANf94A9JM/KSVl3wAwq2jrJi8aK4yKQeASH5uLe4DsR7QQr44eGe9HgBooCffPgJAZmeuISk0U62klIyfOVIHovI2qwn5cgzkjjlAzVtrX2USR71N8sz6+HuIbu2sB5ATmsVnq9zAK/sACp5nOOFt2tptJVrswiyU3zu4aN8R/JIqyy80ibq4NxRQNKIU446k187iie/8zz78BfvvmtH/SN1d04+/OXl3uLmlEc5jogykydyhMJfmeGhjJHE9X1LkNaRYlWW8YGXdtb/rUvZal20fGlZKgAiUwAGNGvPgPBn709+8pPXAgB3ADdATzqze4K8juIsqroGgvLjbUC55zoDcuedd24Dybl7Y9O5J+3UIEqc+0JP5BBHBoNdWuWOFJ79YM2gBzauBTMj7w9YvHSOKEZWv3RARHnaToi1D7TkVw/HAAb5AiLypQ0BlDaTD+hzxyAL1WZULHdWtXvSpO4Cmmo/ZcaaDthwb3lBTZ3x9GxZ9PgAJ3Kk7bSbdMAKP3GUuXhxeGWW4T99KXzpleN+6h0Adg8PCsB5+o00fUhdnKd9yKb9wkd9tAO5kHqSS7xylemYegSstbFy/X81JU9+xgiZ8FaW/uo4krg8O7Lhm/J7GuO0beSOApBfG7lmMJ1wwgk/T120XGlZuoB0TJaYAaPj8gXvv//+DeBYbzq8Ad4DjqAzO+rIznVqA9fAYqUiAwTAZMAYZNwLAMfAtDuk9y/3FP6OfVl92QZ04pUtnrz9fcE9131Ajj1veYG6OIDBMrMziKxA4rDDDmvrGJScP8SXjs9eWiAdHoBJm8onjTZ2To7IIh71smkHoABkWdBcUdrTuwvccVxUZIoiwVcb46GePbnvuQE7QO8ZsNA938wsxMtPXjM+fPCU1pEcyiIHMluweAs47RTy4TfvVwAwLitlyes5x6jAxzne2oSceKq/tkrdhZB4IW2j7bStOglJT3ZH6Zy7p/y0ecpQbl820PfNJnmkSZuTszdIHHtyjYcykDSuI09C7pNZCD9p1QWRx/PRVrvuumvrP0XLm5btDMBg0TlZdF7LZ53zOevMyKBxvyedWj73dHiDSefmVvBnLAY/MDUAlBFANEhdc5Xsu+++a7/k6X5P+Ctfuc4FeR0Tl4GmbIS/cvGPzOKmHou4nlf4KaOvL3AAliw1AzbpWP4WvLmJgDQQ5Sayq4hSk4f8QIXSYxU7xxvhP9YHf9an+mhboArAzAbwkM7/MJtlACoBT+WM7Yfcp4A9A1tOgQz3m7TayXseUQ7Ko/CBfQBcfYC+rZrKpqA8LzLhk08leJbak9zkt8agPsqOe4iMUfTa1H15A5KC9nAUTybyk8szVP/0N7KQIW2Ht7SegWvBdc6ldVQu2S644II2E1AXsjnH130yROGRpSflkAu/sZ/0lH5OXkfX8kqbWVZ4i+c2NVYooaLlS8tWAbCIAJavefLfGvwjjVVzrXP34GtAsKx8dwcQGmzZWtcPVgSA+Ju9WcqlEtAICE8NLBQ+jmQQMjD7ez25N0V9+gBQT2R0XxnABUADX3HJFxBzzwK42Q3QBEAsZG1rpiMtEFOGcyAQCxt/PNQjgA4oWPv4C9Jbb6AsWfDeW6BUKNsAknUD5QETdQbMPkXBdWQxlozkUy6Q8+yU59nhIS8+ANHfOHouvsdvl1Set5A21ybqSfbE4YXwllZcT9KPJI20+Kin9iGPePJRItoj9/u0npFr5Byga1PnKPLKr4/Z3IA/RRUDRVnklS7laz/X7gvSaj8yud+HkfQNMvQKThlJ776+QCF6lnb/SFu0vGnZLgIbYKxZvm7feAmo9zRWzUAQp6OjgBCwyfdi3Ac2fcfPoOY6YT2zEjfffPOmgAwK9+cDbBTgFaSTXh0MXOWJCwiF5uMXmRzxEXqKvPirpwBIkjbp1Uf9gQ4ZDGauErMoMwU+d/m0D57aV10RK5/sAAbwOmo74IovinzkwANQ27roswEUrDIFZchDToqYTKxcVr58nrF05CQbGQEQmSg26bWV3U/iKAmA7ZkqX1zaRB2c40dWdXBNVkRWlDYKAdGRYjyQHV88yIIS3/NNffGWjozJh5ejcsijTRx9isObvtpWnxSPF97qjA/lYRaAR2YrKYcc2si1+NQP75E8f+mjnPq2EZx7htLstttu7VMryqWUipYvLVsFgLyZecghh7TOOwWYY9V0ZHE6McqANYh8PwjwsUjx6zu+wSRfyqF8DGDfP+Fn5z4BhMIU9XyU6dogI4cjnhuiAMg01jEWogEcwivpHJWFhzoEKIAKYAYYeANQ1npktEainniZBcVtRikqEx/n6odHeCL3Aiq+mc+i9RkLce75NDPA9z6DrY2eBdm0t3UE7WzBVpwtuhSAmYb84tSHawd4uebe8izS3mR2rg54OpeOjNoh/Um9p0jakfCUPwHluYZfnoHyctT+8uIpaDvgru9RAIwL9fANJm4059JoU/mk0a7qoY5mCNZClKkfk4GijGJWP9Q//8jTk3LUo1cAeCXgo1z3Wf+2gBoHlE7R8qVl6wKy//z888+fHXfccc1FMEVTVTNQMmADDo6ve93r2v5qLoSx42fAABoDAA+uClsRAZM0Bt3ULETenleoH4TOx0FJrikKH0c01tHAV79YcOFD5gT3Yi2SmWUpj/TWVNSRJc11AwwCJvKlvVJXyoAbCRiYEUnjHt4BEufKSJlAzLkypQEsQBCoS7fTTju1coAemSInq116bSWenOI9FwCKnzTkc2+kzGBC2i4yorSVuJ5yv6fEkQUfMipfQGRiIUdWwTn5gHfaiJwCINfGnquFb2sYnoXZlnz4uaftlCcti9wiu/+v0IaUtjhtIY38ypVPmwiup+rjHtnJRi5toD3kFeRTH+41GwvSvmQrWr60rBSAQaMz6pjHHnts64g6MzAxMEbSicfqpXMjnVrHd+2fnbxLYKEQCMmnc+voSQMIDWDlGXAsSgOO9WpXBNlYya751JE8ygwQINcZWBlcBp9z5RjsUwNLvcVLF37hGXIvdXQuj7oI4nMEro7azaCXHi/3XbMm1TvWb8rBz3NQvraXL8Dl2jGgjA9+rlO/ABc+ytfW2tS1PHjIRxloO2sIypCWkhAAG17Sy5uy8VaWMskrn+ekbOfKCC/n6qB+6Vfh437a3xGP3E8+7eZaOcmHV8oSh8iCklef0afwUI58rvMMLHKbWam7OKDrPgODgsUfT3VHRx99dEtLEStDe+UFPbMl/ZBy5lZTFpIXD4EMjmRznnuevbI9H3WU1/sexx9/fHN/Jk/qWbQ8adk9PR0OyBoItjvqiDqt+DH0ZMAJOrP0gnP5AZLdJgYJMMjANCARXgYjsDEYDXT35PEyEr+0QWtwUyDO3Y87xXmAgQyRLeXk3D1p3I+8fTDgyOw8eaTvgziUdOLUEeGb+gcYDfTkSX71lM5531aCNI54iQcQSNrUS3mu1U17CmQRD1QCoo7aUlryUDrSeh7iHJNOWe5p48iMn+fhSCY8UldHQX5ypU3DK3HOPdsAnTQ5IuUoV13Cz30yOCaNeLIIytBO0igj7Sq/PiEeqbt8sfK5vvzXQOpixgK8o4zxwRsfs16zT+Upg/LjPuJCU0ZcQ9xy0sub9sE/dXQtkA8flPvaRj71Vw4Zwi91K1retGzeA9BBdUqdzvTYnv9+61uAtCfxBox86eg6fU/yiWM1AReWZ9JkILh2DD98DAqyAA8DRV5WGH4WOpEBHMsOSR9+fRAvTQb5fOnE9ZT4nuQdaUwzlW+hhH8fpvioA1kFbeV6PhnyXKbihPDpg3aSTru7jnLt8wG7lJs8nlmfJvI791yROOmR/HiHR+65dq8ncX1Ien0mZYmjXOV1bgGV9W6h24f9zGysu5BFv1G2mYa04tQJH/zU/alPfWq7p4wAMoD2N6eUJ6WGTxSqtOJS/1DkDKV+ZluUj3zSUy7WY8yA5Sla/rQsnmI6rI7Jz+kN16233rrNBBDQniJ5YuGlE48kzqAwvc5/AYszoJKvHxwhFlcAgvKgjGydvPjii9vODbMJswHl9wFfPPsQuTKIAxBjWI001Q5AVGBBC1PKP0oBadMAfE/yhVfCVNvrB3luaKo/BKwjTwB3DOkHnjmjwWe9uR71ZTNaC/HKSn6LrWTS5x3Fs/SBP2Uhvb6nv8WIoVD0xdRHOqAN0M3AyJe2UYa26WXUXsYEA8a1vPj67g9exuFUGxQtP1o2CiBWSV5g0gEz0HTs+UjnDrBOUTq9AQzUdfpYYJn2uj+S+6w39+IiIIdFMjtkWHSZASTEPUCWPoTwcq1OYxphKZBn0IdrGwjwH0NIv0jfyHNMGAHb8xnTCAG/HPFTLzzFAUK88tzmo6SXFsDHNTMGgA1QyePvJS34cgExPoAzXz8lYnbAvQjInUsjPxnteLr//e/f6kU+5emL0tnI4KuwaaesJXAlqRcejuqJwjNyJ+BrxkFW/dh7FWSUDm88ipY/LQsFoMMZYKayV155Zdupw2LSeXVkHdb9MRiQOqrB5lp6QTwSZ3BQKAaIwWnAUQZAXTrnBkj4JV+szwwgcRbdnLOULMJ5t8D/DVAMURIGUPJkUIpz7X7uBdz6MJIyF0Labwzr4z0fTfEihxBQID9yD291SpoE5J7zvg3Ds5dtDNJ65o6C5+KoHZ3j47n29xFQSzw+SB5xkQF5DuqCj7jIj9KfyAjk0/ekw19aacILiRMAqnwWegE1sNfnAD+fvs0D8gFtn6pg1Tv3KQ+zA/1Nme6lT6cejnkvRp91HVmcKzsL12k7hI++6To8yYiH+sgrn6+uWltA0qQ9ipY3LRsFoBNyr9gX7nV/ndXATudOp+yD+waAzox0ciGAYDAEmIGxweaDcrZ4AgWLu9JE2fT5AjbhSQ4DJNf2uxuol1xyyeyKK65ovCkCSkx+g5l1JT78Ahyp1xi0Qx/EjXWeopHPQmnkPRV6GciE1GG8Vsc+uI8c02biQ5E1vPuApO3rIz7PQ5z2lMY1wHNO0Xve7qeNA5ZCZEjbCijnfUj/S3p9MP1MvHN9Frgjz5mF7i9I7fH3kpe+IB+LnSKw7587B9hLz90ChNXFoi6+dvXww6tH2kI8olTkxyvAL5jZKlv6xKkrvu7pl6lTxovx4J7ybXawoKyuyDFlFi1vWhYKQGdj+RgwPidgQG8q0sm9/GUwWEsAygYH8Nf5M8hGEj8GoG66jI+BhBfr7bTTTmsLc3y31hqkM8DdV6cohT5MUQZvHxZCI2+ybihtSl4j4TXy35QEqD0XAdgBOsG1svQBz36kKAQknTSugXAMCLJL5xoffQeAA3OuHM+Yv58vX1+2PsSto/9Z1+La9EkTBo68+jiDwhFfs14gbJagD+ljxkXkJY8toNLoW+kfDJmANTnJl/rnKFBW2sKiL0XpWl9m/KgHBVK08mhZKACdNi/K+FyAAbGpyIC2wMUKMnCUY7prms6aUjYFMVIPJgmxNA2ofhB5W5l76JRTTmk7hZQlPReAMuzckK8PU2Sw92G+dCONvFerAtDuwBdRwgBPmalDD/Q95fkiMqX9pRUvv77j+eOLj3PP36fKfWfKBwt9jRTox6DRt1ja+opvMFEUdgIBecCNFx4UAb+/ay8fKhvQRyazCOfKpXzwyEt58uMvr3TKJHfKltasQjrpzVikl1bf1V/Jqn5FK4+WxTZQnddOCQustqLprBtCBkhARmd3NBhZPTq5jm+wsdTNALz4YsACCgO6pwz+PuAjPtN2lKl3pvmswI9//OMtrUFtMBuI0geMhCnCl7wJU+mm4pSxPt5TNJVWm/W8tGmAWhsoa0MpPHOO8B9pjMtz7UGZTDmKd+6ZI3GepzZ3LriXgCKLe8Aw53ilPcM31+QAlCxmwKnPsuxZ68piwCBpAK1+DKj9qQrA19+8ZAXcAXSUBL7uIzOI7bffvvVJ8fqB/qPe/P/6m9kGuTK7Ib8QGZxLT27tgLeyKEjkXH0YPmTxkiNDRfqilUVL7k1gndpAQzow8UxDzz777PbRt7x4NZKOriM75lz+nsTj31MGdk8GCovN28GsMdN1Smik5A0wjLxReJPHwHcNZAxsn1oABGYA1gwAPCInMhANVnkpDINVOQnSjXXEP+AU2ZTVkzj3N4Tk7UldIm9oivcoJ5rqemPcVL4An7Tax/VUmRQ6cs/zSx7yCs61VU9pvzwjR/mjoMkjeFZmjvgCSmlY0xb/vQiI7JrhlpEeuDpKL5CNW8c2Txa4dacdd9yxPWf3uQfz/PV/R7NT+fbYY4+1f8QuHm9rC2YbcTcJytNnKBaLzOQlNzCnfBgklJVyslahLe1Osn5FGfnvBOnx0gZFK4uWxacgWDY6ry8+GqAG2miRGwzrUwA691hd12OcMiw0+8cjnd51rLfQCLLODUbn8gAb5wYa4CePNAa2wUY2swKD9m1ve1tTAP5iTzryyKeOQMgAD4ClPOWr51hHNMoWqzbkvvgNoTEfGUbFh/9I0vU01e2m4kbeIW2Np7KmysMLWKauaT/xeE7JjbSneO2XAMQ9A+DpnjQscZ8PF8cC971+f4Ljnlmk3WTKS3qBDPz9/j/Zy4JkA+r6Gj6Ca/1FXsBtAdZH8gA6ZWGnD3D2HoDnqj76mz/8kV+fkdasQ5kZK5RMXFDW0aw1CBQGOfQzvPBUN2sX+IXcm2rnouVNS04BEEfHDdgZQADStFfHNiB1xFFsA3p9CmCqqknfEyvMoLRTQ9ksuREsyNYDMrkAjiOLyqBzTmaAENkAu3N5+VgNNODiU8nWHZRlgJp14CuNI5AxvU8dtIHgXk/kFK/syDbKjjZ0ME+VN7brVDtvSJp1kWcErICfuo51xAvgIjJPKQBhLHO++vSzAYFVDFC9lQ4wzeZY04Df8wfkyk0/kF//4PajAFjk6gDMWeJR0qx9/cXzdgT+jA987fIxU/ApZl/klEZfUs5RRx3VjAhx+pyg/+NBPv2Iu8n7A/6gJxsfxOOPh3rqF9meirSHe+pQtPJoSbqAdNxYvwaKvf/+HCS7dIg8grvBvD4FgEbgk3YED2mU60uL/pXKyzoGbU/SGBgJGSDioxic45/7juRSL4Ofpee+gSgti8uR64mFa8ZDIVBGAEwgqyCfcuTtCZDgkfKEkTbmkY/8pniRbSQyjTSVd4wbnw1KGyTIM8Vfe7mnLXoFkGeufzj25H7inAt5buJZ1MD1zW9+cwNOz4xVDdw9V/1WOtfi/RWlZ+Q56rvkVK63dq01eV4UhlmGIznxNUu0VkRhmDXog/Irz+ewjznmmNZH0uef8pSnNMMBH/JlBiCf3UUHHnhgU1qIPGQki7pFptwj09h3xGm/opVFv4gO1zMZcDqkoIPr0Dq5qa+BkW2UG0Lp8H0ADmMAziwnU3C7M175ylf+Qhq8Rorljwwwg8a1o7qoG2BQroGtjAx2g5MFaTAbyNwL/hnr9NNPb5aftADAbIHiEPAe6zNFY5op2TeUptp0isY0U/mm4rTjGLSRumtvecSN+VLHnPehjxvJczJLSxlmXfoDYNTv/APdM57xjPYtKgAPkOPS80w8YwBsBnDppZe28x122KH57AG5/mwzgxmeewFbi62ITGTw7girnyws+Hvf+96tfBa+PoCUwYLPbMLsYWwrbsXdd9+9uXrImP6Z/khpURbkcI70b9f6qnaQrsB/ZdKSXAPQcZHp9XOf+9zZS17yktYpdVqDzSAx+HtA1mFHkt7gct8xfGM1GxCq7/5I0hpUBrgXd0z3sxgsn0FocIS3QAayRaac95S0PblWDrnwNBApPdfKOe+88xov38m3YGx6bkCKyyAmr3N1xgsYZRBTMlmLQNIsRC6yrI+muk/auSey9uR6jMNL26YdgRX5HcnrnuBcGUJk1Fbi5VXXKcASj9xLeyF53QOE7oUPhaxNzEApYUBLITBCepnwcS6ttgXE2nqrrbZq8ps16EveCZHPs9WPyKA8acwG8PdHOZ6v9Hk/gHLQHjEw9MPHP/7xa/un40tf+tI2S1UPLhwy6RfWmbiM9IHIm/5fVLTkFICBp+PqsKxfH32LxRMAQAabQZHjVDUCFtIIsWYyAPrB2xMZDGADyVRdOpZfXFAW5gzUgEX4G/xkESfkvCdxQk/yhleADcgo1wBnNbI4AUu+7y4PWbipDHL5yauO4aUNXUvLUhQHfJAyepqSayFdYyrNyBuNvOdrB3l7BcBKHhUAIEw75ZmGl2v9B6+R8AG2gj4gMCi0cfjjYxePD/oBZG0NgPUHfUFZ+MS4cA10tS95PDfrOuQAzJ6RxVbX6uK+PJ6VMvH2By5cRQCfIqBksvFBXfR/R/FmgowA/4Xh3RJykeVNb3pT21UkTlpluPeEJzxh7X8BRNmob1ERmp6vX4+k4xpYBqMBBNwMyoBKBq7Bk3iDa4qkwSvHgMT6KLzJAHSVZwoPFAweflXgKk0fxvJy3gfpRhKn3gap+rgG1OKAhvKBnmuDmXuIX5cb6Q1veEP7cxzbD+VlHbIgDXSyAwPtg0faakoGvN3vw3VN6g/MWMeC8ykifx+0M1I3QTtPURZmY4EDY8pcem9qn3jiibODDz549sxnPrNZ/cDW1mM7drjotGVcMLYHazNA7n+iyW7NhtXPdWMDAeAH6GQCvgKiWOT1TCz+e3YUhQVayoTvH/iTD6gDfPLig6Rx3zVDxLZNz1t/VTf5pMePgumfZ4F/UU9LbgagExsY/N92PFj8NYU2+FCs2wCWQeAozxT1QNyDIVIWPlOAAVgMNGkMTnle8YpXNB4GtV0UsQLDH6/+Go+RtzRjk7Mo5QEi0qujgUrWyGBQUwJmIfhyTwCo7PoQD4yAC9808KEgKAP3Y0XiFSDqaUquqXYZacyDppQHmXtyPcbJR0bt4F6AepwBuM5zF9wjh7yu1c/9kbSBoD/xq1OQrH3vlYjzDLQdwM1MKYuvcaGw0vnTbd8lI4CmRFjn5AbM+FAClASlgzwDBo3nhre+A/jdN4sD4JSOfkZ2vCkU/QDISwvMlaN+/Pr6g91H5LdxgCx46wOsf/8Wlr6LyI/3Qp5r0eqgJasA3vrWt7YBAAB09IBCFAAy2HVoIWkMPunS0Z0niAtgINeq79oxeQIs5HDEMyBqux1wNbgNYgNOuQFY5eAhj4CvuMiF39jkUQAowKMdDH68lSMfJUBGQJIyA3bqD+wduRMoA+VwCVBYttFmNxF+AAJPCkT5+FA24pyTNcoiMsmnTRzdD7Ao3zVyTP2cpx3Im7o75l5P4qTLUV2kJ5e20L7INWBTbmTBC1/X8mgbx9QTUPqYoLazuK99gDpABqrq6LmpE1BOGRS9a2UDVnL4NHLSKpsS4cYBwJQDoKaQyUAhKIcsyqF0fCE2II2fvgXEKQEKRpydPrZ1ci1ZC2Pl5xMRynUPLzzls0nCc9YO3EcWnq0TZDyhtJ/nXVSElpwCII4B4qUaA81AHEUMqBjYQMDRoDH4DUwhYLU+kl86x1iX+I0k3gD0B+iABDj4LAVgAcwGIwAGCL0CIIdj4tDIPwArDcA1UNU5QAy0ycY6dQTaCMCQO6BJxrimMsjlxd9ionzKxpf8AFa7AcHsR0+7SScvmaVRLlAz63ANSAU8BOnJQR5l93UmTxSAIA1Ke/RENmUAvoCXczythSB1VCf+e22Ap/ZSnvQBeFYz8EyZdnRJRx51VR95BHV1lI5c6uaZ6n/ahv8fwMsL7H3qgVtIerziEvLstHPWCwC7mRj+8pAH+TtH93waxHNVR8pGeUBd3bkdPY9Y+Nx7rvHCU5t4jvKaqXgu2s560RFHHNHaybMpKpqPlpwCYM2w/g0gfm7i6fA9GaBCBrbjta0AkIFGLu4Cn3kGnAYgaw4AGPwAIjI4D4i6dlSfscnJjsQnjyO5HMklAAr3Ug5ZAat7roGiawMfgEkLVCgoAAEM7BRRB1YtYOEKsbDsvrZnefoEwD3vec+WHugCZbMH5QFWgEcGQTuzcpWPHLWl+pJfncgUgERpg1yHtC9rmGVMdvUAiFwjPknAusYXmdlwE/o0svb33R3AS1afVcbLpxWUSyF4VlFC7nkW/QKw8hzJpEzg7sOD8hxwwAGt7hSCcmxM0Db6p/vqj2f6Ib6sceUG3K0xaBuzRzL6wyAuTopAe+lTnpNnkOfow2/k8pysP3l22tzz8gy0UxSe8igO9Tz00EPbWpE6kruoaD5acgqA9X/uuee2QZYpLYDrSZxwXSoA9zQVUBL4Zf2Jt0Vq1wZ3QmRwLh9ZXTuikb8Bn8cgjUGPyCKf9ADBoAcu4Yd/5BYnPYsYiEpPLiQt4HBfevmidCIjAqDJCwTlIRfAIpN7XEnaCy/yOCJH9XAEeI7S4Q3UnCsrAY1dT56UA2wpV3U3GxSPh+24lBQfPODFX1oy+1QCa90sDdCmzZUjaDvArZ54qZ80Av6OQNV9ihPg5sN92gMgs64pQ3GAWF3kIyd+0mlbsgNm7iHth6/+rF/6oyCUdwHwVD7wppi1g0DBuG9MUIJeJlOeNJR4ypPmiU98YpsxkB0/Zap7zQCK1kVLTgF4AYZltPPOO7eOrsMbDD3p2IJBd10pAMBqkLqnyQwsA9ynIlh5QIm8KIOP7I7kicxo5C8egCkbiJJDUAbZlEc+dQSujtKKQ9IqS14ySi+ISyADUHLOhYFvFIpzZeEdRYHIKZ5lKR9wkR7gag/nnpXy037qIa185AH++IpTz7SNIK4n5VFaFmGdk0t+VrwyuWy4UYC/NhBY6rZdSqeO8vCXW1glS+qU8rhIzGKkE09u+aIABLMiBohyLeb6i0+KhQvJzAPAmhnhSSZHbavdtBF3DXItKJfMnok+Qm7lRmFqS/z0I0RuBNDVSz/jOqIwAL7ZgnpL5xnw9x900EFNKVEMnoN6pA2Liuaj61UBZPDpqMRw7uvUtt7p7PzrBpjO7r4OnzwBqRAeBpp7PcBIn4DE9zRVfQPJ4MQLSAjOBQMKD0ACKJAvMWawAkSWo8U803CAID9ZgKK8BmhPeOKtDgENAzv1cE9+oSft4R6KwgOg5EeAxX338JFevQRxI6Wu0pJV3oA73pHTNVkF19pC3YE7Eg+wIw/AjZzSyk+paBvPGHhqM88aQAJj+dwDwi94wQtaWvyk5aJSlnNp06bO9RXuLP3Hs2Udazf31Uk+bQtI8RvblFJ89atf3ZQQ98zTnva0Vh/PmOyes2824YUnGZTBOqcczArtCuKaonzWrFnT6uFZ5P0RslECZge2mAJ4beS5axsgTi7pLChzAZkFRalqC8pCPGX0/Oc/v7WnvGnnoqKF0PX6fwAGrsHlKBiY/Lqm2vy6OrsBbbDq3MjAkBYZ4H3IYHY/cfjn6P444KfIQDTYHAEGoMgx54BSGguDQMPno1mnXCQsbAMcABiQynfsefUhgzbpBOASedVnSnZ1kla89sErdY/8sSaTJvzTnqHwF9wnJ0r7JV/ftgISH4UiPSAGlu6Lj+vDEWACeoGSYGF7xpQWcNR2FqxZvGR4//vf3/oCi96+diCqTpHTuTIT5MGXP135npN2Sd3lk0dwPRLZzSge9KAHtQVa197gBdSUOuveWgTAjbXNTeRroICecuLKMTOUVvmUA7lY7voKWbiv9Hd8uJK0qzbTbyg/afQt+bWVWQ2Dwj1yGBvcYd4OtyMo9Z+qU1HRfHS9/yFMBihi/bGG+F9ZPzp+QNSANaANJINYZw8I9cG9kMGZdOIT1kfKk0deFNBD4gzOWJ6m7qw0lhh5r7766ua7VU7kVj9yu5Z/lD0yOZdGWIgCQAF9PHMuP6BwjKWLyI1H5OhJvsgpuCZPZI1ciU9wH89eASDP1bk8ygVsZIklr83MoFjNXpryMpV0AB4/afBgOQNULhi89AeKDeX5Shf58WCRUzTuaX9tkbTSSZM6OfakbM/UFmQyOI8cdt7gBYzNMljl5Of+M1tQP0qDv14edZZPGgoOb3VxdJ3nQTbyAnXX5NKe1jEoP/XBW5x+h6/+pp/5yJsy3MvzLypaKC2JfwRLpzVY7WH37RIDxc4Pg92AyADuO7nBkmAwJS5kEBrgfbr+/nyEl7zKDF9HgYyCc9ZbZDMIgQar7qyzzmq7aMQZ6JlJKDv51SVBvDoFlMIz8rqX85HCN20DRJzjJQAGgIHwRNKNwOdaOeGXeodX5IqcfZBHnfJc5AFU3DesZfdYudrDd5W4Puz00i4se7517YUXy//yyy9vMxgzKsBIOZglcMuYMWhjZeAjXr3IhgfrGGCmHRALnLsEfzKmTqlLT/J69nvttVez4IGsutj943mbDQBmrh5vDVNM5H3ta1/bZjAUVOpsJsOQYblTbAwEpB3yXJWPr/p6VtqdfGQww9B/lK+u2svMhptReNWrXtVmFEgeCquoaDF0vSoAndbANQgEg4D1zx8KKAKqBovBYaAbNFMh4CatgAyiXCfdQigAKRhUBl4UUXixBA12Mktv4LLS7BBx38s4QEgeefHBL/z7IA1y37mwWAWgfOfAHmAIqUPAsFcAI7mPj7Ll0XbKFd/LJS58BaR+Kd99bQKYAbVPHQBS9wEiwPIpiz333HPti1Pa8UMf+lD7ng2w1FaO0uoDLGxta4Zo1uA+gI0yIIe0wJ8MyqI4cp5FX31IHdQJpX49ea7qgydjBIADXe3K8pcHb9syrQXYzgnYySKtMrmxGDDZgsuKz7sAeZ7O7QxSjvLIoc0TZ03F89KWjhQoHhQCxWDXD8WmTuHhONVHiormoyX5IphOfOGFF7Zvs/AbA4OTTjqpDQYD3iAwsBDwMKAMdEDnmHODoyfphJ6UNQ4aYAMoDKqAuMHZk0GpHPwCjPJFIRjIfMP+ENy6AIBKHnUAbMAGeBj8rECgRmbxZEp64CU4d19619KI6yl1JEPkctSuWaiNrM7JoW54incUr97i8ZdffchNprSZdCgKADiz4IFfAI117z7QtHAJHNWVLEDQll9HzxiRwX1liScHANd+QDhyk0ma1I88+kQUBQWkztpUvH6CX/oXHuQiY/qJNOTkn99///3bN/+tO3ge6o23tL6/xAVD2ac94irSX12rP/6Ukng89FtKAg9xZE8bqkPqoZxDDjmktSM3k22tjpQlpWnW4WNw0hYVbQwtuT+FN6AMDLtCDHqf4QUaXu4xsFlV3sAFnAaUQWDgGOiOBp7gHJ8+TA0Y8WPaxONjsAKrXCcESMQnv0Ht3AB232KixUOv6bMUycuaBd7O8aUw8FNveQK+wEo655HDfenFOUdARp4EcpArdY2cCEhLA0gTtBu5pSO7MpHy3COXMuUVAJl4dQLM/rHK4qa6AD++cO9GcJVw2QAxRyQ9EOM/P/PMM9vzVA7LVtmIHHiRKfUkfxQeIkdfT2mkFbQ9Nw4e+op71pW4gMhuDQLQI3XTznkGeFGIeOhj5HR0LS2ZWN/AnoKhWOQhDyvfs3DNFWSNg4JSf2WQhzKUVpr0GWU7l1a7UrQAXt9RFteRsq0rAH9tSClltlFUtDG05BRABrzBASxYWWYDAMBAphAMKoMBgBlcBh4gMZAC0BlgeCVM0dS9XBusBp+BqYyepME/5QhkMYCdA0WAweqV15Qd+X8Dg9efvuCbQa/elALCU9nqnHPpnAM5A18dxcmXOgvyKB+5J4Scy0t2gAVMgBi5tR85tCkrmPIFzEDLM2DZc8v5cxxpuXHsWtlvv/3ari3PRH7WOws6ykg7qBfg9aLWaaedNrvooovaH5xkFqdM99VNHS2kc6kAY4peWkaActURIOPvj1XMOoCoAHiVwT9uuyYAP+ecc5r7xFZScpFZGfqSXTvWFygoYOtZuaccfMntbWIyWF8Qp62498gnrWcA3CkFswJ8WP25p02AOWUUw0C7eAbO85zx8Dyy2M3nr90pAG408nom6mKbtGdTVLSxtORcQAY4MggBA/G4UZ7znOe0RUUAA6AMcMBgIBrI0gEQA0pwPgXsY5x8YxMYkAFUvNwHMD2Jy0A2YJ0bnMoFAkBDHukoEfGuAQ5rlD9cPGBQJ/VIGfJKP9Jo8UXGnlJm2sG5fGR0rU0BL3nFuaetWaBAVgBU6gXI1Il7RjoKGcACZnF2t8RipuSAo/yUgzrg754y+c+5e8wSyEg54skaB7zyqrN498nUy05exIpP26pPFJ5AFltAgSVANvuyRRKoIrzlIaP29ywoQmXoW2TFx327a8hrP3+AW1597+yzz26znDwjbad+Zq3kAd5mAACb0tGWnrFnFUWO1FF56u5IVopUen1E/6BAKETKyLW2YrNpx6k+UlS0GFqSCsBgMNgMFIPLYOdCOfnkk9vgiD/V4PDBON9qMbAAAyCSHxC4L60qGmwAAt+eUl4GeA82PbmvbPccpRUnPQARxJOXDAE4/JVLPgNdPlaoePJSXrZBRkby5p+jWMXSAxPAAJhSP2CQMl3jB3zw5gJB0igTT3zIpBzAzTIHIHbayK+tABaFRIFRSO5LH598D1yulYeUkXtkAurKYqUCYj5si6aUB3mlpxQAq3xANSCLlKs+ynFfndPezuWXRj6Ws7TkV5Z4FjLLWfuxqqUjjz5DNny4n8jgvRPt5fnEbSPY/eOtdIvVlKA86qt+a9asaa4hsiC8zUy1Hz6OXER55pHPub5MRnKps1kD5UNedVQH+cgsjcVxipis3Id8/xSstGQpKtoYWnIKYIoMIIBlGm86bCAaZAZJAIHFZjAZ4AYQCw3QAS9VZInFChsp1iTAxE/+kdwDlABJcC0PWRLIMZLyDHg85Tdo5euJRS4eGPuCpS2S3A1kcU+9HG2ZBKCCOpEDiISncgAFQAM4ZFS+P7Z337kjpbnddts1xcSSdASO6iAfxQQEtddIY/tJp16eB8AFyNqTjKxiwEgeaSin3APukVk9nAvOuch8/wY/fAEgQFVPeeUBulw8cRUhbWENgtuGnGYC2kMdAb3+gJ920db4+ESD5xa5pVeev1h8/etf39w3kVXbuG8LqFmF9ORQlg/HRSGx0oG3+ipLOc71TWlztJ2UotHeDBZplKGO5FK/yOoFM5+n8IKa+9rTsahoY2hZKICIaEDwQRscrFSgasAJBtUjH/nI2T777NMGl4Ej3jkgzaAZQVp8rwAMVucjuSd/FICy8QZKiZNmJGnwXJcCkIasrHyBssJPekDCtx1AcQ+vgCmQjNLCG5A7AkV1dWQxikuQFnBp17QtGZTpCNSlwXck93uSlhzkokDI79mcf/757QuYAJfy0s7KVidlpjxt46hNEicdvuoCVMkiPoBHLumBZsAWUPvzILKQAy9BPeUH6pQrWfKMU649/srB3yxFP6MgbTwA0DEqzKTkpQBY486jAIA0txi5gTiZ8JYHb0oED2ndp0B6gwUf+clggZ0BQKloL/WyK8izJDMe2qioaGNpWSgAlAHNZcJC9salgWTAszANnuz02HvvvdvANUCBIHCSLuDXk+oHEKIApmhUAGSR14AV7yhuJHF4Klc6MiirJzKSG7+ARGTKNVIucFOWe0mvHcgnLrI4AiHgk3oL0riP10hASlnKQHiMNNYxfNIm/N+XXnpps8bNIAAucMOTjNIoPzKopyO54gaS1vNyLk/azDVyP4pHHVn4njlloH/oC3gCUruU3LdexNWCwo/ypLAs6manFuUiP4vbNXcSGdSBrPKuWbOmbUJw3SsALi9pyeeZSsttJ526ca9ZUzCbkS5rRuqlj1J4lBTwl1Ygx8Mf/vCWTsizUebU8ykqWgwtuV1AU2SAACedH6BYbANmXjAC/gaUxTyD0gD29UY+Z4Oc9QtsAn4GpYGTgLejAeW+c+lHCnAlX0AsaXN/JPyV2ecPkIUAlPv80kCTMgBwQAzIiRPMEtQPPzzkEbglHNWRlSivNMoLIKlblIC4/ihIozzyycsyBTgjjbIjIMh/7rs9ngn3DR85ubjuzAhSlvzKIlvaGzlXB2Xzg5s5RH6ADEDdl5+cjurKxfTQhz60gTuXD0CXbptttmnWvG/jWwwmH0UJ9C3+KpdsrH158eOHN7uULu1oPaaXWz7uJOVEcbkHvJWhbLLKq69qRzupKAeL6Ph6zpndUFqUpl1WFIJ+zK1FJq6sfffdtz0HMuTZpL3SdkVFG0rLRgEAg3R+A48/nCJguRnIptSAiAVoem4AmaobtADAgHU/A1u8I0AN0BhUBluApg/KDkBm4MnXk2sDNecBNeeC/EgcHu4joAToyUbG8JGeXOIoOiQPZUimgHbaJWVKL07dlINHyhenjo59fjJJlzQBu1DaQdmIQkq78GFTuBQA8OSOIYegTo74C0g+ZaRtwhspn0Kk7FIP/MlCJvnIqRyuMesFPhnC4hYAqm3D1osYBNpRAMqANy4pcWlbriRAbdul/BSQHTnWDIC2tMpWd/LYQUSpkTl1wCOKWBrPVLy6kIMSyzqAZwn8lU1hcjWlTeS1NrDrrru27bXKJSejwL2e8C8q2hhaNi6gkQxoAwY4vOMd75idd955zR1AEZxwwglrgcyncrkBHvKQh6z9cJbBamAZiKw24AI8AJWBGaDqCb+FEJCQFn8DHE/ngnjXyLkyHZWvzJznGvV+cKG3BqUHDj0pP2AfXspJekcy4NGTbiBf8kiLyCHIIw1FBei4NtRPeb6FAxRjSQvaPjMIZSUeHzIHhHtKWyF88ZAn9RGcS+fc8/YuAAVPYVAK3CeeKas7cqcO+gwQVT75GQDu46NPKFN5ZgU2EVjE5kqUXp2l8SxsDzXDSb3Iwl+vTDydW4zmdlKePprnRjbtZpZkQ4Py8caDUmX1m7Wqi3jPIm1QVLSpaVnMAEYyaAwsA8nAYCn53IJFNQuPAI81x4cqLsBAURhQvqECXAxmCiEAEQvLgFdGHwxQAzEBjYNSGnwc8XIeQE1acc7FAYTcwzPnuUbqmFlJZAwP1IOrEN5kEJxLn2sh5F6CeLydh3fkSEDSUErcFADV5xK4LrIonfYKX/lcR3Zx2jfg3pNr91F4JA9yHx/3yOAayMbdYsskJWQGiD/SPspzBPDOKQv55ROHp3OKQN9hvStDWn1IGs/APfJwAbHskXajtMwaUl99kQLBEy/5WPD4c/V4q9fMFeBrMzNYL6M97nGPa8oMP+Wl3nkeRUWbmpalAggZJAILy4BlrVkPOP3009suFCBgAY0v2JRdGt8UMiPwJi5FYEqODFyDOwMfKPTBPWkSDMpxYEojbcDUuUGcgYzkTdzGKgDpe1kSxAfsnatT4hzRmK+Px18e6V0nIOlYsax+ay0W3rk3tLsZFUADmHgmP16O6iFenWLp9+SeZ5Z8mTWJ7/m4Bqq+tcTXD0jt5PFWMhdPygroK89RHkfAnEAZeN6UmftRqFEQ3Df6CGscH/UH4upLDs+DzNxLgJ87Ck+8MltyrW0YIRSFexSIfmu2sMcee8ye/OQnN4NEfVNnzyHtUlR0bdCyVAAGhoEYIOiBgguIBcii8iKPLzqaDQAGSmCrrbZqgOHtYukNxACswQwMDFqDug8BnwR5A5oh+XuwDVCH5BPnnjQbqwDwQfIl9LKFX8C8T5N0CShlSE829U5aAWlr4E/BSgcIA/hkEwCecpzLF75RANLjk3JDZJRGXtSn6fkIeJt1eN6AVDt57mZ0ya8OAX33nZMN2CcErFMH5/qAtSSWuRkG/ix4PKShACg9RGbt5L6+JS8elAfC10K19QpKJe4e5aqrF818/ty5ePzxcCS/uoovKro2aNmuASyEbM17zWte03ytBqnv8LBeWXQGmX9tAma25tltwa1hmm6gAxh5DFTTeGDTk4FpkBqcCQZ+4gK2QLIngzqAnCDPSHgpn5zSA4gQYAyAkKOnKAx55M15gMW1/PgrWz3JqRvIG/CRLnKlDhSnv0a03sLFERplwHckcUARAPayKSMyOAeYiIzScO2QS7tJJyA8fPPHswPQZnnAWryAnzaKbM6li1LIc3VULmUAoMWx1C1ks9ptwxQfZSS/+tuA4PmIl9dR2rgbleFfwvCRn0HC+rfLxz1uS2/1clGStajo+qBl7QJaHwEbLgJ+YTMB6wMGqgU8uz2AmGtrAwYxALFdz8CnCACJAT0F0q77gKR3HjATRv0qDr+EpB0JL7Ilv/Okdw7YHFHKEvp4eQGmo3w54iNdn889cYmXD0ADLm2nHez0Oeecc5qlbeakjVi+0gHDBICNXx96sHdEqU8CShum7s4pAnIlnefjSKGwxN0HtBRUwF169wG6YJ89XgCcfIL7AqXjKB9eyqUsuHBi6af93eO2YUgg8iLGBj76nE97WEjWRhSYcuWhAMjJ5cPg0LZpi6Ki64NWtAIwYFn7AMsr9AY1EGOZUQrWAIC+QQjYWHa25bHkuDaQ/MDLwO9JHvwzgN0PYAEnR2HM516AL3mnSL6AIHKePEAU8MQaTlkC4BsVgLgcxfXyJR1yXxAvPaD1Bi15LXz632PbLqXXlsAS4CVfQkCxJ2Cq3JDzhLQHAtDOKRJyuBZSF8G5+56NvOTwieScC/JGGQBmVrg494C/OMF1lAK58cXHLh6gnj9dUS65lG3HEwUgnbzupQwg70hhcjlqJzuOyMHqt07BVZSZjfbCp6jo+qAVrQBY9QYiC9DA9u9iO+ywQxvoz372s9s+byTuD/7gDm1mYKD6ez+DFrhZP8gCZ08GbQZuQA/ACIAi5wHXUO7JAzzkkyYAGJImYIeAetIi4OF+yknAt1cAyUeJpUxyy4t62aV37dx9IMenDvxtfaQ0AR13mDUVbauN5e9DQLQPiCzyJ40692l6+SgMRwCNnHse4sln5gFoPS9HStuMhDx4yMeqd8Q3AB/wpxycC3gI0gFs+WwvtT+fxY5H2gcP20PzPkFk0xZpE+Xz+3vBS15unkc96lHtUyXeK9AO43MoKro+aEU7H4Ee4OYaABgGnKPvqviUhEHon59e/vKXz4H/HWZ/9oA/a1vx/B+s9YHDDz+8LXaavo8EEIQQ8FgIAZEALTAJQI2EN4DsA3kF+QR8xjRjiIy5Tvn9vcSNRC7t8LrXva69GGUfvLZUtrdpAS7AA2LrC3gpQ151QGnDPkjjSD7PK8fwAZ7AGlEIuTYbYH1z9XjmgFxcXDx9u+VcPIVBgQjO5aecvAGc9xqSrw+eW3b5kJEc2kKbUBDWk7gZfUpCf/O2cuqY9NokdSkquj5oRS8Cj2TAZRBm8Ptf12OOOaa5Nrwo5i1MTWIHCPD3LXYzAJ8U4A9mObovGMSAw9GgBgyOgCrgBShyLpBB6CmgsD7Cp6epRzcVB/Aow8ij7kCOnAAy4EoOb0zb2sl94T967aQyE7AfXn517EndlcmSdh8o4q1d1NO1+2Zh0rrnGJl6Cg8yksV9sgpmIgBW+7vP2sbHNXm5aigp++tTJnAlLz6UV8qjGCgJMuCtTLJKo40ZCbYJMxL87wR+ykE+N2H7qTbRRmQhhxe7KCA8yWoG4aUus0ozpr4fFBUtFVpVCqAnA95gBTS2/FkD8B0Yi8D5jgxQvOSSS5oLxAfDxNm5AYiiQOz/Zu0BmgC0QY6voAzXGfyae2xy6RYCDJtKAZAVEEc+R/EWLYEb8NIedk9lEROAA91RAUTuKDUysopHBaAc96JsAKq8eCNp8HaPLOLJ7Dp5I79z6V27T3Eox9veZmvhTQFIJw15KDt5PTdplOE5OpcGUIszezAD4Ou3UUDd417Cg8IxE5LejEE5+LD4uYxY/RSSsrWzekmjPpRFUdFSoVWrAEIGP/BAgP4Zz3hG8936uiSwNzNgLbL8uIcM5ic84QltQc+LO6w+AARYBKRJ06zSA6MA2BQBnfnu9RT+oalHNxU3KgCEl7QpVxqApj2sjXhhjvUagGYVSw8oe0p5SQf0KchRAQRwlesYmZJPGunx7xVAFJV2FJI/rhNymbVQ3l7aAsL44AGsPRvuKoDsWn3NALIuBMCBO6AH6hZ+PX98LIDjn3cLBLzlofTNEvUNoG/2YUMBH7/ZkvqlreRBaeuioqVCK3oReD4yIAEOIDEoWXauDWrWrz3ePmnMBWAwAwCWMMsOONgtxNWQRT+uAEAHoPAMmCUg8aH+HLke46ZoQwGEDMBIGZGHrECSRZpzR3X1MTUAq16pC2UHNNUz8oafY8AOD8ANeOVNvPNQZIhSEvCQxnnPk+IA+vi6r3zWdtIK0lE4FBdQlwcwk1c+rjtWvUAu+QF0XEFAPu2AnyNl6JkrDx/79/EnlzbSZ/QTriIvctnZY/Zo9qOM8FOXyElm+YuKlgqtyhmAgWkgGpQGa6bpsbANbqBg2+Mpp5zSLL7HPvaxzQVkS6nZwFve8pb2SQkgYIeHTwnzIQMAAAMAArDKCiACjwBgSDwQU757wEm+kdx3T3rnAZWe3B9JmtQRfzICQ+esXgAH4FnC1j0+9rGPtXoBaAGgKosFLV3aj8zyaivnqbfykiYyu4+Xe/i5L580qXOegTTKI7NnkXzSAmRxykl7CWYB2dWFP+VFHmmUQ0HI75nE/w/k1V9e1ry0QJ9L0Mwurh31Fu/ZUfj4mAF6CQ3oIzIhZZEHSdcf0x+KipYKrXoX0BQFsByBPXDwp/RAgLXng10GOn+zPw2x5c920YMOOqilQQAWATWAGyANaPUEIABeT+M1kheIeGRRGCMpbyTpAQ8wQwFp9UNmMgDMZBBQqgOgS76seVCE+aw2+dSLAsjagPvi1Ec+MqormcnqGk/5pZdGQKkXvn0IePYkr/Z0Xz5pKIsoIIrAzA1wS4uv+gFw+ZA6CeJTV3UB+mSmJPATT7mbRXAxMQIojl7xFRUtVyoFsA4CBEAGeS/gWc96VrOQ7QiiCPiJgaU3ZR/zmMc0C5of2DqC+PzxB/ADHBYVM+PoCWgpC+AAFFZuwLmnXnlEaYwAOaUUUmZmIcoBYj14XnzxxW27J5CzGAzgArJAnTxcJvL1CgDIZlajruTHz1G9ALBypA8YK9M5UtfUXxm5jyLbSMrvFUDPG/Db2eXFsIC5+5l1sPiTz7U6UQIsfjM4MihX/a0L+C6/v2RESa/8vCgY6uUuKlouVApgggz0gAoA6a8vuuiitkMGUPjSqB1D3CJeGgIigNS1fd/5ljwwifsEjU0ey1haAA4QnY/kngBooghGwJ+ySMmKJ+BH8ipPnQAwV1a+W6OO4oAcyxgoSgv4leV+rwDMdPBWrjiATfZRAeBB7gQyOALy8I1cfSDLSPiNMwA8XAN4MzLgHYVKDjJHToraYq/y5DPDUxa3Eavenw1ZzKXgHckgnbyOPcmn/KKi5UilACYIMAAToIQywIE4UGQFWiRes2ZNAwxveNoFAmjNFM4444y2ndL105/+9PZZAVsHgSie4RvyCHrABFZTBHyAEXkAHznl6WkKjMQFBJUFuNXBLMUH1c4666xWLp6sf+fAU91Y0ZHN/fCJAnCfXPj2gCydfGSUXlAeBYG3+ABrypPPtXvihLhselJWrwBc59s8rPnPf/7zTflSvGYleKuv/y3w/BDZPB91UGc+fe+AqDOXljxkUUbfpsojF9nlR+MzKCpaLlQKYCMIEPhDFJ+V4HLgGgImXCLeIvW/BMJxxx3X9qhzQwAWBMC4KoAiy5NyATQeB1AKuPSkPPd6kBxJHNCKteo8gOWcxe4eOZXx+Mc/vikmwJndTOQgJzAMeMuLnwAEA8zyAUByyece2UIBT2WFh2NCT33aBDuzALl2kReg25qrfDMuvnqgnjaU1roNhUvZyKONpRFnS6gFbi9p7bPPPq08afr2ihxFRSudSgFsIAGnAJLtor4oyvI84ogjZjvttFOLB4xnn312e6PWnnpfgdxuu+0acAFJ7gruCGAbX3cs46nHshAFIB8A68GMQlIOEGSxOyrTP2hxZ3F5UAzykEOeKI1RAcTFk3QUQJ9PuwBTcuBBTsG98IhcU3V0X/4E/JSBv2u8tG1mAO5baxFPTtfq6lq91YEik9ab3trPVzjxE/Ic3RcQ2YqKVgOVAtgIAkxACZDwIwOiF7/4xQ3YWJnWAVirFANF4B0CHwbzUTr7xgEWsLI2ANAAJkAKmI60EAXg3kjkEQA3MMTDmoU/xQlIAlUzgQChQI5RAcjbzwAyo+lJGvKpi+A8IJsjecT3lHJRuiUZWPZk1FaUJv89GciLP7ebxV+KzcxGHV3z39umacE27WIWFuUjXVHRaqZSAJuINCNgsRXyjW98Y/szepb1kUceOdt6660bAFkX8F4BRWCW8LSnPa3lzUIqUAOozkdwRAtRAACTLO4LzgEoNwjwo2x81sLCL6XFV+4lJ0AaYMQfwDuOCgAQZwaAIoO45M09FEWGf68AkPQ99WUnUFRmLcAa8FOg5HFPXfD3vR4v6amv+PAPkZGCw6P310s/piVDZC4qWum0Kt8E3hQEPIBaD4BmAwDGeoBFRf8MxT0EVOyftzMF4Npd4p/I3ANi2WmCpMVjCtxzD2g5F0YKwLkXJQD8+crzDXvfNxIP6MhNabGYAatyxQNxR9eJC1j2ysJR6BWAc/wzOxLEBfwF52PQBu5ZsPUZBn+qYpaFr/ZztE3VrMX/OwhmWT7zEBkF5xSp9GSNHOrnHJFPOuX21yj1LCpa6VQzgGuZfFDtJS95SXNTWAi2+Oh/bG1VZIn7i0WWqe8LiQdgLHXAh7g8ALQXkVixPcUyZ/UGhAEfVwjgwwdvIJd47qhXvepVzQ8ODKWjNHqrPWS2EQCWjiVOYSlXmQhoRikF2KULIAN1fPAQD2iVpWwhioOsZiTWRygjaaT3aQ4LvCx/6yjqQAEUFRVtPJUCuJYJsAlXXXVVW3AF4rvtttvaf4XyZ+G+K+RNYy+RHXTQQWs/wgYcWcK2JbKKKYOegDICpMDXo5QHIAPagLt7QBMPysg9wNwrAGHsCtIAYbK455zfXRlRGFFCvQJI+ZRA4pXjXixubinx/Pre3AXslIoyfW5DW9ztbndrlj9SfsKUsioqKlo8lQK4lgkQAjlWLEXghauXvvSlTRG84hWvaK4iwMzdsWbNmtlll13Wdgttv/327cUsAAt0vUVsa2lPeAsAOuAKdBMHYF2zwIG38sxEWP9RFDlSBvL1BJDNHALamUXIkxmAOqEAvbTpUgHsKIK8Y2CbJjkoBVY/15g3pcnlM8zSKUcdlEm2yFBUVLTpqNYArmUCcixWrhQgBtTtSgHq3hEAjCx+bg8AaH3AbIGLyNoA0GctBzxHArABbuUAzVjlgD0WvjUH3y2yO0kaAbDK388geopCcUzaxCU9/uEniKcUnJNHenFksg7BxQP8pTGjAfxepLNQzgUW9w++0sS9pUxxkaeoqGjjqWYA1zIFuIAwIATWcaEAZFsxfVTOjiBWP6AFlGYCZ555ZlMYdgzZ6YIPS54f3mMzi8BTGa5ZzfgCWAu+QNeLUfK98IUvbEDqxSpWNWBVljSOAXaULiE+spObIrKmIF6cdOMMQBnySGPmQSa7d8jhK5tk497xP8xcPbZpkhklH/nwUkZRUdG1R6UArgcCdLFi/X/slVde2ax+7wz4vpCdLu77yNzznve89nnmk08+uX17nrtIPHCV3uMDupQKkAamQJ2SAM58//7W0WIzN1QWZIGrMqRxFOTHKwEQI355eaIAkld6dXEvCkCgSFj3trdSWNxX5PIVVXl9RlldioqKrl8qBXA9EOBEmh6QAkzfFnr1q1/drvnBvbWK7P7xBzTWB6TzXsHmm2/eLGr+c7yAKsAF2mYPFk7tHOI2Asj+3SvKIL77gH4UgLzkiXUv4CUO6ANwacUDdcCPt/gAPx6O7pHLugaZLWKrk8VvM4L496UtKiq6/qgUwHVMADHAB0hRQBRof/jDH24Wu3OAyWdvtxBrnMvIn9QAbH9ZaUspUGaZe4yA1VqDtMDeLOANb3hDm11wtSg7MwBlrk8BOA9vZGahjF4B4Ce/GYhyHZVjlmLG4VPK9utby1CGe/g6KqOoqOj6o1IA1zFpbtYx8ASIIdY2wBbPurct9PWvf337oxkzAIvGgNcHzbhzPvGJT7R7e+65Z1s8ll9e1rqvXtpZY7eNL5MCW24cawZmCoCcgugVgEAuMiXgRRbnFIb7Ae6kB+bqJB0ZuKhcW9i2uGvBmwIjG+XgmDx9/YuKiq57KgVwPREwBITIIwhACoCXNe1N4tNOO60dvUHsryfzqWIfcgPuLOt99923gSx3kS2nWWj1By8+94w3ix3gUgSAmyuoj0cUg3NyRUmZUbDyKQxpBfJRJuEln2uzFuf+RMWnlS3yhi+lgV8In9S/qKjo+qFSAEuULKACXWDvT2Y+85nPtG8I2S5ptxDLWho7hbiMLAj7VzLgDHhtI/UPZizxKJS4iABvD8YI8ANl8QCfpe/cDKF3F8WFhKc4oM/yp7j87wF3j5nJSGXtFxUtPSoFsEQpljWwFgCsHUMnnHBCA2dfFN1vv/3auwI+5vaVr3yl/XG9t2ctIHMTyW8hmOtIHm4kigC/EZCjAIA6kHcO+OUTlK+rmGk4An1vKZtt8PP7GJstpu6ZGYxUCqCoaOlRKYAlSnGRUAQIcANRQOy/BywIA9pHP/rR7bMS0tkhZLbALcTF41/KgD+3EGveoqx03DHjYwfyWQ+IApBOoEiUiyelgKxBkMn/G3hzWZnSIHKPVAqgqGjpUSmAJUoAGAFmoGs3ToAb8FsMNhvwHR0vVXlZzPbPt73tbe1zE6x9biJ5uGvw41KiEID86AJCAD0KQLnScBvF+pffbIMbievHh9oOO+ywtS+mSRcFMVIpgKKipUelAJYxAdx8ZM6f0dgR5M1hL175n19gzOL3YhmlwTJnzQPjEZCnuoE8ZgUUiF0+3uilHHyugfvJ3n40pUyKioqWPpUCWMYUNxGyI+jUU09tL4e98pWvbGsCvvsPrPntAb/PQ7DiKQ7W/kijUpDWriOLzT4jTQlYVD7++OPbbINy0X3MGoqKipYflQJY5sRC5+bhsvEHMxZlfWTOHnzvAZgN8N3bpul9AVtFEZdST8B/tOTl4+6xlRTg29ppB5Jv81MgFAklUVRUtDypFMAyJuDMTQO4+fbj4mGxH3300Ws/vmaLqHvSAXJKIGsMIfdGS95swuccKA6+fu8WyMcNVFZ/UdHyp3LeLmPim2fJ/+u//mtTBMiibRaDTzzxxPZ5adY60DYLsIg7n/uHEuiDdQVAb2+/7w8hFr+0rH+zjqKiouVLNQNYYeRxCgDckfvGy2K+OAqwbQX1OQhATlEAculccycBdy4llr+0vjfE8pdHfFn+RUUrh0oBrEDKIwXmXEJ2A33pS19q/z1w9dVXN9eR2YMFXX5+i7nA3tZOQP/JT35yts0228zucY97tK2e8mcWUVRUtHKoFMAKI48T8PdKwJqA9wKc+w9ibwnbIcR1lH8js5cf2erpW/2+NiqPnT8sf4GimG+ff1FR0fKjUgArjLh0gLXH6jzbRC3eBrytG3iT16elP/KRj7QXxuzssWjsExMHHHBAW0swe8guH4vM8pcLqKho5VApgBVG/bsBFEAWdFn/2bcvOLcofNFFF7UZgX3+e+21V/ugHDcQokjCL7MKx6KiopVBpQBWMfHrs+rNCN7//ve3L43y82cBucC+qGhlUymAVUgAP/v57QyKb5/FHxJHERQVFa1cKgWwCing7tFTAI6u+ffTHcr6Lypa+VQKYBUS0DcDcOTfB/yUAtAX5zrrCEVFRSuXNokCmGJRFmRRUVHR0qZy8hYVFRWtUioFUFRUVLRKqRRAUVFR0SqlUgBFRUVFq5RqF1BRUVHRKqWaARQVFRWtUioFUFRUVLQqaTb7/wF3SriT4Qeb/QAAAABJRU5ErkJggg==)

This prototype was made as a proof of concept for the BPro G2. 243

##### Foot Note 243

×

Transcript (2 August 2021) at p 130 line 24 to p 131 line 9.

Although this prototype BPro G2 was functional using the wireless Bluetooth
technology, it was bulky and the design had to be greatly enhanced to make it
aesthetically acceptable for the market.

112 Importantly, this prototype version of the BPro G2 did not require FDA
approval because it was not a major modification of the BPro G1, which already
had FDA approval. 244

##### Foot Note 244

×

Transcript (2 August 2021) at p 121 line 21 to p 122 line 1; p 129 lines 7–8.

Mr Chua considered this prototype BPro G2 as a milestone development.
Nevertheless, there was a plan to integrate Bluetooth technology and a power
source in the cap into the watch device of BPro G1 itself, rather than using a
detachable cap, so that the final version of the BPro G2 would be a refined
and elegant product. However, this final version of the BPro G2 would require
FDA approval. 245

##### Foot Note 245

×

Transcript (2 August 2021) at p 129 lines 9–15.

I reproduce the design of the final version of the BPro G2 here:

![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)

113 According to the defendants, notwithstanding the apparent content of the
Executive Summary, they told the plaintiffs that: (a) the prototype version of
the BPro G2, ie, with the attached cap, did not require FDA approval; and (b)
the final version of the BPro G2 had not obtained FDA approval and would
require a fresh submission. Indeed, Dr Ting insisted that he told Mr Yong
orally that the final version of the BPro G2 did not have FDA approval in
“many discussions”. 246

##### Foot Note 246

×

Transcript (29 July 2021) at p 33 line 11 to p 38 line 9.

More specifically, according to Dr Ting and Mr Chua, there was a meeting on 27
November 2015 which they attended with Mr Yong, Mr Soh, Mr Salas, Mr Goh and
Mr Ron Tan. 247

##### Foot Note 247

×

Transcript (2 August 2021) at p 2 line 9 to p 3 line 8; Transcript (3 August
2021) at p 128 lines 9–15.

Mr Chua claimed that Dr Ting referred to the same graphic of the final version
of BPro G2 in the Executive Summary as the physical device of the final
version of the BPro G2 was not available. In relation to this graphic, Dr Ting
informed Mr Yong and his team that FDA approval was required in respect of the
final version of the BPro G2 but had yet to be obtained. 248

##### Foot Note 248

×

Transcript (3 August 2021) at p 101 lines 19–25.

Mr Chua explained that, in this meeting, he also showed Mr Yong and his team a
physical prototype BPro G2, ie, the BPro G1 with the detachable cap over it.
249

##### Foot Note 249

×

Transcript (3 August 2021) at p 100 line 15 to p 101 line 25.

This version of the BPro G2 did not require FDA approval as the BPro Soft and
BPro G1 already had FDA approval. Hence, according to the defendants, the
content of the Regulatory Representation cannot be accurately described by
solely looking at what is shown in the Executive Summary.

114 Dr Ting’s and Mr Chua’s narratives are plausible. They accord with the
“BPro BT Change Requests Decision” document dated 31 December 2015 (“the
Internal Justification Document”), which was signed by Mr Chua. 250

##### Foot Note 250

×

Plaintiffs’ Core Bundle (“PCB”) Vol 1, at ABOD, Vol 5 at pp 3532–3543.

This document shows that the Research and Development (“R&D”) department of
Healthstats International decided, in consultation with its FDA application
expert, Mr Stephen Gorski (“Mr Gorski”), that the prototype BPro G2 (ie, the
BPro G1 with the attached cap) did not require a fresh submission for FDA
approval. Dr Ting and Mr Chua explained that all that was needed was to
prepare this Internal Justification Document in preparation for a possible
unannounced audit by the FDA. 251

##### Foot Note 251

×

Transcript (29 July 2021) at p 58 line 23 to p 59 line 1.

Their narratives also accord with their affidavits filed in Originating
Summons No 666 of 2018 (“OS 666”), where they maintained their position in
2018 that there was no need for a fresh submission for FDA approval for the
prototype BPro G2. 252

##### Foot Note 252

×

Transcript (29 July 2021) at p 62 line 15 to p 64 line 24; Transcript (2
August 2021) at p 148 line 3 to p 150 line 22.

However, Mr Chua opined that FDA approval was required for the final version
of the BPro G2 that integrated Bluetooth into the device itself. Dr Ting also
explained that FDA approval was needed because it would be difficult to market
the final version of the BPro G2 in the UK and Australia, as these countries
had stringent data protection regimes. 253

##### Foot Note 253

×

Transcript (30 July 2021) at p 132 line 5 to p 134 line 11.

Hence, it is plausible that the defendants had informed Mr Yong and his team
that the prototype BPro G2 did not need FDA approval, but the final product
did require FDA approval. This would have caused some confusion as to whether
the BPro G2 requires FDA approval, since the issue of whether FDA approval is
required depends on whether the reference is to the prototype BPro G2 (ie, the
BPro G1 with the attached cap) or the final version of BPro G2.

115 However, the documentary evidence shows that the defendants had given the
plaintiffs the impression that worldwide regulatory approvals had been
obtained for the final version of the BPro G2. The plaintiffs have adduced
several written materials in support of their case. These include the
Executive Summary, the PowerPoint slides sent by Mr Goh on 18 February 2016,
254

##### Foot Note 254

×

PCB, Vol 1 at pp 462–515, at ABOD, Vol 3 at pp 1945–1998.

the PowerPoint slides used by Dr Ting on 4 December 2015 for Healthstats
International’s Annual General Meeting 255

##### Foot Note 255

×

PCB, Vol 1 at pp 421–448, at ABOD, Vol 3 at pp 1804–1831.

and a proposal sent by Mr Ho of Healthstats International’s London office to
Mr Salas and Mr Soh in an e-mail on 31 May 2016. 256

##### Foot Note 256

×

PCB, Vol 1 at pp 409 and 411–417, at ABOD, Vol 3 at pp 1783 and 1785–1791.

These written materials show the graphic of the final version of the BPro G2
and varying descriptions that it had FDA approval, several regulatory
approvals, or worldwide regulatory approvals. While not all these materials
were sent to the plaintiffs, I find that the written materials in totality
show that the defendants had made the representation that the final version of
the BPro G2 had obtained worldwide regulatory approvals.

116 Having represented that the BPro G2 had obtained worldwide regulatory
approvals, the defendants therefore did make the Regulatory Representation to
the plaintiffs before Ms Hwang entered into the Subscription Agreement.

117 While the defendants did make the Regulatory Representation in respect of
the BPro G2, I shall address the issue of the factual inaccuracy of the
Regulatory Representation below. My analysis in that section will show that
the factual inaccuracy stemmed purely from the use of the graphic of the final
version of the BPro G2, and not the prototype BPro G2 (ie, the BPro G1 with
the attached cap).

(B) The CasPro

118 The PowerPoint slides sent by Mr Goh on 18 February 2016 also contained a
similar slide that provided information regarding the regulatory approvals
obtained for the CasPro. There is a slide titled “Competitor Comparison” under
which the features of various products were listed. There is a column in the
table on that slide for the “A-Pulse CASPro”, and a tick is marked in the row
for “Regulatory”, “FDA/CE/CFDA”. I reproduce the material section below: 257

##### Foot Note 257

×

PCB, Vol 1 at p 490, at ABOD, Vol 3 at p 1973.

![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)|
[graphic]![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)  
---|---  
…| …  
Regulatory| FDA/CE/CFDA| √  
…| …  
  
There is a graphic listed above “A-Pulse CASPro®”, which shows a finished
product.

119 Anyone reading this slide would have the impression that FDA, CE and CFDA
approvals had been obtained for the CasPro. Dr Ting admitted that the contents
of the discussions he had between October 2015 and February 2016 with Mr Yong
and his team were reflected, inter alia, in this set of slides. 258

##### Foot Note 258

×

Transcript (29 July 2021) at p 131 lines 14–24.

It therefore follows that Mr Yong and his team would have had the impression
during this period of time that FDA, CE and CFDA approvals had been obtained
for the CasPro. Hence, I find that the defendants did represent that FDA, CE
and CFDA approvals had been obtained for the CasPro.

120 Nevertheless, I pause to emphasise that the plaintiffs’ case in relation
to the CasPro is that the CFDA approval was invalid as false data was used in
obtaining this approval. I shall deal with this issue in detail below.

(C) Conclusion on whether the Regulatory Representation was made

121 I have found above that the defendants represented that worldwide
regulatory approvals had been obtained for the final version of the BPro G2. I
have also found that the defendants represented that the necessary approvals
for the CasPro had been obtained. I, therefore, find that the defendants did
make the Regulatory Representation to the plaintiffs.

122 I shall now consider whether the Representations were false
representations of fact.

(3) Whether the Representations were false representations of fact

(A) The Regulatory Representation

123 The Regulatory Representation, as pleaded by the plaintiffs, is that all
of Healthstats International’s products, in particular the BPro G2 and the
CasPro devices, had obtained the necessary regulatory approvals from the HSA,
the FDA and the CE (see [45(a)] above). Notably, the Regulatory Representation
as pleaded by the plaintiffs excludes CFDA approval from China, as it was not
the responsibility of Healthstats International to secure such approval. It is
not disputed that it was more advantageous for Healthstats China to apply for
CFDA approval for the devices, particularly the BPro G2 and the CasPro.
According to the plaintiffs, the Regulatory Representation was made over the
period from October 2015 to February 2016.

124 The basis on which the plaintiffs contend that the Regulatory
Representation was false is that Healthstats International did not have
regulatory approvals from the HSA, the FDA and the CE for the BPro G2. Such
regulatory approval was required before the BPro G2 could be sold in (among
other countries) the US, the UK, Europe and Singapore. Further, although the
BPro G1 had obtained regulatory approval in 2006 and 2008, fresh regulatory
approval was needed for the final version of the BPro G2.

125 Regarding the CasPro, the plaintiffs allege that Healthstats China
obtained regulatory approval from the CFDA in 2012 on the basis of a
fabricated report containing amended clinical trial data. The plaintiffs also
argue that even prior to obtaining the CFDA’s approval for the CasPro,
Healthstats International had already been supplying the CasPro to China.

126 The defendants do not dispute that fresh regulatory approval was needed
for the final version of the BPro G2 and that the BPro G2 only received FDA
approval in 2018. However, the defendants contend that prior to obtaining FDA
approval, the BPro G2 was never sold in the US and was only used in clinical
trials. The defendants also deny that the CFDA’s regulatory approval of the
CasPro was based on a fabricated report. The defendants explained that, for
the purpose of lower import duties, the components of the BPro and the CasPro
devices were sent to Healthstats China for assembly there. 259

##### Foot Note 259

×

Transcript (30 July 2021) at p 22 lines 5–13; Defendants’ Reply Submissions
(“DRS”) at para 105.

They further explained that it was the responsibility of Healthstats China to
secure regulatory approval from the CFDA as it would be faster.

127 I shall consider the regulatory status of the BPro G2 and the CasPro in
turn.

(I) The BPro G2

128 The plaintiffs’ allegation that the Regulatory Representation was false in
respect of the final version of the BPro G2 focuses on the lack of regulatory
approvals from the FDA, the HSA and the CE.

129 The plaintiffs mount a two-pronged argument. First, they argue that
regulatory approval was required for the final version of the BPro G2 at the
material time when the BPro G2 devices were being sold in Singapore, the US
and the EU. Second, they argue that the defendants represented that the
necessary regulatory approvals had been obtained for the BPro G2 when they had
not.

130 I shall first address the plaintiffs’ argument that the final version of
the BPro G2 was sold in Singapore, the US and the EU when it did not have
regulatory approvals. In this regard, the plaintiffs’ allegations that the
BPro G2 devices were being sold in these places does not stand up to scrutiny.

131 First, the plaintiffs rely on the expert opinion of Ms Natasha Leskovsek
(“Ms Leskovsek”), an American attorney specialising in FDA regulatory
compliance matters. 260

##### Foot Note 260

×

BAEIC, Vol 3, Tab 12 (Affidavit of Natasha Leskovsek (“NL”), p 1764 at para 1.

Ms Leskovsek opined that Healthstats International had supplied the final
version of the BPro G2 in the US before it obtained the requisite FDA approval
on 21 June 2018. This was based on Healthstats International’s supply of a
total of three units of the BPro G2 to Dr Dan Field (“Dr Field”) on 13 April
2016 and 22 December 2017, and its supply of one unit of the BPro G2 to Dr
Abdellatif Abdellatif (“Dr Abdellatif”) on 21 November 2017. 261

##### Foot Note 261

×

BAEIC, Vol 3, Tab 12 (NL), p 1768 at paras 30–32.

132 However, the defendants testified that the BPro G2 was supplied to Dr
Field for him to conduct clinical trials. Dr Field would pay a deposit for the
BPro G2 units he received and this deposit would be returned to him when he
returned the BPro G2 units. 262

##### Foot Note 262

×

BAEIC, Vol 4, Tab 13 (TCM) at para 108; BAEIC, Vol 6, Tab 14 (CNH) at para 83.

The e-mail communication between Dr Field and Healthstats International in
March 2016 refers to Dr Field obtaining a “demo unit” of the BPro G2. 263

##### Foot Note 263

×

BAEIC, Vol 5, Tab 13 (TCM) (cont’d) at p 991.

This is also corroborated by Mr Soh, who stated during his cross-examination
that Dr Field was given “samples” of the BPro G2 and that these devices were
not sold to him. 264

##### Foot Note 264

×

Transcript (7 May 2021), p 53 at lines 22–25 and p 54 at lines 1–5.

These samples were given to Dr Field by Ms Hwang’s younger brother, Mr Charles
Hwang, and Mr Soh during their business trip to the US in May 2016. 265

##### Foot Note 265

×

Transcript (7 May 2021), p 52 at lines 10–19 and p 53 at lines 2–9 and 15–17.

The plaintiffs submit that Mr Soh did not know the purpose of giving the two
samples of the BPro G2 to Dr Field. It is difficult to accept that Mr Soh, the
CEO of Healthstats International, besides meeting other business associates in
the US, did not know that the purpose of the two samples was for Dr Field to
conduct clinical tests. Mr Soh knew that it would be difficult to export or to
bring in the BPro G2 to the US without FDA regulatory approval. 266

##### Foot Note 266

×

Transcript (7 May 2021), p 55 at lines 10–14.

Mr Soh’s knowledge of such a difficulty, perhaps, explains why he brought only
two samples of the BPro G2. Therefore, Mr Soh would have known that the BPro
G2 did not have FDA approval in May 2016, otherwise the BPro G2 would not have
to undergo clinical tests. Thus, even if the defendants had represented to Mr
Yong and Mr Soh that the BPro G2 had FDA approval during the defendants’
presentation in the later part of 2015 and early 2016, Mr Soh would have
informed Mr Yong that this was not the case, ie, that the BPro G2 did not have
FDA approval at that time.

133 In preparing her expert report, Ms Leskovsek did not interview Mr Soh. 267

##### Foot Note 267

×

Transcript (18 May 2021), p 8 at lines 1–6.

Her expert report was premised on the assumption that the BPro G2 was sold in
the US. During her cross-examination, Ms Leskovsek explained that even if the
BPro G2 was not sold, the samples of the BPro G2 given to Dr Field would still
have had to be properly labelled as investigational devices and accompanied by
an investigational-use disclaimer. 268

##### Foot Note 268

×

Transcript (18 May 2021), p 11 at lines 2–25, p 12 at lines 1–2 and 11–25.

There would ordinarily also be a clinical trial agreement with device-handling
restrictions in place for investigational devices, which appeared to be absent
in this case. 269

##### Foot Note 269

×

Transcript (18 May 2021), p 13 at lines 1–13.

Be that as it may, there is insufficient material before this court for me to
make a finding that the BPro G2 was not properly labelled or accompanied by
the appropriate disclaimers and clinical trial agreements. The focus of the
plaintiffs’ case was on the sale of the BPro G2. Further, the sample of the
BPro G2 was sent to Dr Abdellatif in Egypt, where he lived at the relevant
time, and not to the US. During her cross-examination, Ms Leskovsek confirmed
that the supply to Dr Abdellatif would, therefore, fall outside the scope of
her expert opinion, which was confined to supply to the US. 270

##### Foot Note 270

×

Transcript (18 May 2021), p 24 at lines 12–25 and p 25 at lines 1–19.

134 Second, the plaintiffs rely on Ms Lock’s testimony that she had discovered
sometime in 2014, when reviewing some of Healthstats International’s sales
reports, that sales of the BPro G2 had taken place in certain countries
notwithstanding that it did not have the necessary regulatory approvals to do
so. 271

##### Foot Note 271

×

BAEIC, Vol 2, Tab 10 (LMC), paras 3–4 read with p 1658 at para 19.

However, Ms Lock’s evidence in this regard was flimsy. When I questioned her,
she acknowledged that the BPro G2 was not in the production line for sale at
that time. 272

##### Foot Note 272

×

Transcript (5 May 2021), p 84 at lines 23–25 and p 85 at lines 1–4.

She admitted that she did not know whether the reference to the BPro G2
(instead of the BPro G1) on the sales reports was a typographical error 273

##### Foot Note 273

×

Transcript (5 May 2021), p 86 at lines 6–8.

and also did not pursue the matter further. 274

##### Foot Note 274

×

BAEIC, Vol 2, Tab 10 (LMC), paras 3–4 read with p 1658 at para 19.

Moreover, Ms Lock clarified that only about six BPro G2 devices were recorded
in the sales reports. Furthermore, even though her affidavit stated that they
were sold in “certain countries”, these devices were sold only to Australia.
275

##### Foot Note 275

×

Transcript (5 May 2021), p 86 at lines 17–19 and 25 and p 87 at lines 1–4.

Ms Lock also appeared to be uncertain about whether these BPro G2 devices were
sold, as opposed to being used in clinical testing, as she stated that it
“looked to [her], from the sales report at the time, that it was for sale” and
that it was “possible” to sell very few units at a time [emphasis added]. 276

##### Foot Note 276

×

Transcript (5 May 2021), p 86 at lines 20–24.

Therefore, Ms Lock’s evidence provides little support for the plaintiffs’
assertion that the BPro G2 was being sold without regulatory approvals.

135 Hence, the first prong of the plaintiffs’ argument does not support their
case.

136 I turn now to examine the second prong of the plaintiffs’ argument, viz,
that the defendants represented to them that the necessary regulatory
approvals had been obtained for the BPro G2 when they had not.

137 I shall first address whether it was factually inaccurate that the
necessary regulatory approvals had been obtained for the final version of the
BPro G2. It is sufficient to consider one instance of factual inaccuracy and I
shall focus on the issue of whether FDA approval had been obtained for the
final version of the BPro G2.

138 It is undisputed that the application for FDA approval for the final
version of the BPro G2 was filed in 2017 277

##### Foot Note 277

×

BAEIC, Vol 3, Tab 12 (NL), p 1767 at para 22(c).

and FDA approval was eventually obtained for the BPro G2 on 21 June 2018 (see
[17] above).

139 I found earlier that from late 2015 to the time before Ms Hwang signed the
Subscription Agreement in 2016, the defendants did in fact represent to the
plaintiffs that worldwide regulatory approvals had been obtained in respect of
the final version of the BPro G2. This finding follows from the written
documents of Healthstats International, some of which were given to Mr Yong or
his team. Hence, this Regulatory Representation was made before 21 June 2018,
ie, before FDA approval was obtained for the BPro G2. The Regulatory
Representation was, therefore, factually inaccurate at the time that it was
made to the plaintiffs.

140 To recapitulate, I also considered the defendants’ case that they
represented that worldwide regulatory approvals had been obtained only for the
prototype BPro G2 (ie, the BPro G1 with an attached cap).

141 In my view, the problem here is that the defendants should not have used
the graphic of the final version of the BPro G2 as it gave the wrong
impression that it had worldwide regulatory approvals notwithstanding their
insistence that they had informed Mr Yong and his team that the final version
of the BPro G2 required FDA approval. Unfortunately, there is no
contemporaneous written document to support the defendants’ insistence that
they informed Mr Yong that the final version of the BPro G2 required
regulatory approvals. The defendants were overzealous and had overreached in
their enthusiasm to attract investors.

142 The situation would have been materially different if, instead of using
the graphic of the final version of the BPro G2, the defendants had used a
graphic of the prototype BPro G2 (ie, the BPro G1 with the attached cap). As I
stated earlier, the prototype BPro G2 had worldwide regulatory approvals. This
would have been factually accurate and there would not have been a
misrepresentation of fact.

143 Notwithstanding the lack of regulatory approvals for the final version of
the BPro G2, it seems that at that time, ie, in 2015 and 2016, the evidence
shows that Mr Yong was not concerned about the lack of regulatory approvals.
Since the BPro G1 had already obtained worldwide regulatory approvals, to Mr
Yong, it should not have been a problem to secure the same for the BPro G2.
Indeed, Mr Yong was attracted by the vast commercial potential of the BPro
devices which he assessed to have a huge profit margin. I shall elaborate on
this below.

144 It thus follows that the Regulatory Representation was false in relation
to the final version of the BPro G2 at the time it was made.

145 For completeness, I shall deal with whether CFDA approval was obtained for
the BPro G2.

146 The evidence suggests that the final version of the BPro G2 did not have
the necessary CFDA regulatory approval when the Regulatory Representation was
made. Ms Li, who was a sales manager in Healthstats China at the relevant
time, testified that Healthstats China only applied to the CFDA for the
approval of the BPro G2 in February 2016. She also exhibited Healthstats
China’s letter showing that this application was withdrawn on 30 March 2018.
278

##### Foot Note 278

×

BAEIC, Vol 2, Tab 7 (LWW) at para 15 and p 1311 (translated at p 1438).

However, on 13 August 2015, Healthstats International entered into the First
China Contract, under which it was to sell S$4m worth of the BPro G2 devices
(together with S$1m worth of BPro G2 accessories) to Healthstats China. On 20
August 2015, Healthstats International received payment of S$1.5m from
Healthstats China and subsequently produced and delivered certain components
to Healthstats China. It is clear from the invoices dated 23 June 2016 and 13
March 2017 that these components included the BPro G2 devices, and their
related accessories. 279

##### Foot Note 279

×

ABOD, Vol 11 at p 7863 (23 June 2016 invoice) and Vol 12 at p 7964 (13 March
2017 invoice).

147 At the trial, Dr Ting admitted that CFDA approval was never obtained for
the BPro G2. 280

##### Foot Note 280

×

Transcript (30 July 2021) at p 86 lines 18–20.

Nevertheless, I reiterate that the failure to secure CFDA approval for the
BPro G2 is not pleaded by the plaintiffs as part of the Regulatory
Representation. Thus, this issue is not relevant to the present case.

(II) The CasPro

148 The CasPro was approved by the CFDA, then known as the SFDA, on 20 April
2012. 281

##### Foot Note 281

×

Defence at para 14.

Hence, the issue here does not concern whether CFDA approval was obtained for
the CasPro. Rather, the plaintiffs allege that CFDA approval of the CasPro was
obtained based on a fabricated report containing amended clinical trial data.
The present issue therefore concerns whether valid CFDA approval was obtained.
Indeed, it is undisputed that it was Healthstats China and not Healthstats
International that secured the CFDA approval for the CasPro. As regards the
Regulatory Representation, there was thus no issue as to whether CFDA approval
was obtained, since such approval had already been obtained before the
Subscription Agreement was signed.

149 To support the allegation that the CFDA approval was obtained based on a
fabricated report, Mr Yong relies on an affidavit of Mr Lian Chin Chiang (“Mr
Lian”) filed in OS 666, in which Mr Lian had alleged that the defendants had
authorised the submission of false data to the Chinese authorities. 282

##### Foot Note 282

×

BAEIC, Vol 1, Tab 1 (YKYM) at para 125 and pp 732–738.

However, the plaintiffs did not call Mr Lian as a witness in these proceedings
and the defendants did not have an opportunity to cross-examine Mr Lian on
these allegations.

150 On the other hand, the defendants have testified that there was no such
fabrication and that the clinical trials were in compliance with China’s
regulatory standards. 283

##### Foot Note 283

×

BAEIC, Vol 4, Tab 13 (TCM) at para 109; BAEIC, Vol 4, Tab 14 (CNH) at para 84.

The defendants have also said that any supply of the BPro G2 and CasPro
devices prior to obtaining CFDA approval was to the People’s Liberation Army
Air Force, which did not require CFDA approval. 284

##### Foot Note 284

×

BAEIC, Vol 4, Tab 13 (TCM) at para 110; BAEIC, Vol 4, Tab 14 (CNH) at para 85.

151 At the trial, Mr Chua was cross-examined on the background to the clinical
trials for the submission to the CFDA. He stated that the CasPro used a module
known as a “non-invasive blood pressure module”. This module was used in a
predecessor device to the CasPro, known as the “MC3100”, and the CasPro
itself. 285

##### Foot Note 285

×

Transcript (3 August 2021) at p 41 line 16 to p 42 line 13.

Since the two devices shared this same module, Mr Chua testified that
Healthstats China used the clinical data that had been obtained for the MC3100
in 2004 for the purposes of submitting the application for CFDA approval for
the CasPro. 286

##### Foot Note 286

×

Transcript (3 August 2021) at p 44 lines 1–8.

152 Mr Chua claimed that Ms Joyce Han (“Ms Han”) from Healthstats China, who
was responsible for the CFDA approval application for the CasPro, told him
that she had discussed and explained to the CFDA’s officer in charge of this
application about the use of the clinical data for the MC3100 obtained in 2004
for the submission for the CasPro in 2012. She was told she could use this
data in the submission. 287

##### Foot Note 287

×

Transcript (3 August 2021) from p 62 line 17 to p 63 line 22.

153 Although it seemed that the CFDA allowed Ms Han to use the clinical data
for the MC3100 obtained in 2004 for its submission for CFDA approval for the
CasPro in 2012, this fact was not mentioned in the submission. The plaintiffs
assert that there is no evidence that the CFDA allowed the clinical data for
the MC3100 obtained in 2004 for its submission for CFDA approval for the
CasPro in 2012. Thus, the plaintiffs allege that the CFDA approval for the
CasPro was obtained by fabricated data. Mr Chua was involved as Ms Han from
Healthstats China sent an e-mail to Mr Chua and Ms Serene Chang of Healthstats
International dated 13 April 2012, which states as follows: 288

##### Foot Note 288

×

Plaintiffs’ Supplementary Bundle of Documents (“PSBOD”) at p 65.

Dear Mr. Chua,

Regarding to the CASPro Clinical verification report have been got the doctor
signature and seal of Yangpu Yinhang Diduan Hospital (Shanghai), please check
the attachment.

…

[emphasis added]

Hence, there is documentary evidence that seems to indicate that Mr Chua was
responsible for checking this report. However, there is no reply e-mail to Ms
Han adduced before the court. 289

##### Foot Note 289

×

PSBOD at p 65.

Mr Chua could not remember whether he or Ms Serene Chang attended to Ms Han’s
e-mail and replied to Ms Han. 290

##### Foot Note 290

×

Transcript (4 August 2021) at p 80 lines 8–13.

He also could not recall if he or Ms Serene Chang had checked the attachment.
291

##### Foot Note 291

×

Transcript (4 August 2021) at p 85 line 21 to p 86 line 3.

154 In my view, there is no evidence to indicate that Mr Chua had checked the
report that was submitted to obtain CFDA approval for the CasPro and he was
not responsible for preparing this report. Mr Chua said he could not remember
whether he or Ms Serene Chang checked the report. Furthermore, there is no
evidence that he and Ms Han collaborated to forge the report. Thus, he could
not have fabricated the report for submission to the CFDA as alleged by the
plaintiffs in their pleadings. There is no evidence to suggest that Ms Han and
Mr Chua took part in the fabrication of the report for submission to the CFDA
seeking approval for CasPro. Even if Mr Chua was careless in checking the
report for submission to CDFA, it cannot be taken that he knew and condoned
the submission of the false report to the CFDA. In the circumstances, there is
no countervailing evidence to rebut Ms Han’s testimony. As I have stated
earlier, she claimed that she had informed Mr Chua that she sought the advice
of the officer in charge of the CFDA approval application regarding the use of
the clinical data for the MC3100 obtained in 2004. The officer in charge
permitted her to use such data. Till today, the CFDA has not taken any action
on this matter.

155 In the absence of any further evidence to support the plaintiffs’
allegation that the CFDA approval of the CasPro was obtained based on a
fabricated report, I find that the plaintiffs have not discharged their burden
of proof. I, therefore, find that the plaintiffs have not shown that the
Regulatory Representation regarding the CasPro was false and that the
defendants, particularly Mr Chua, knew that the CFDA approval for the CasPro
was secured with fabricated data.

(III) Conclusion on whether the Regulatory Representation was false

156 I have found that FDA and CFDA approvals were not obtained for the final
version of the BPro G2 even though the documents indicated that the approvals
had been obtained. Since the Regulatory Representation relates to all of
Healthstats International’s products, including the BPro G2 and the CasPro, it
is sufficient for the plaintiffs to show just one instance where regulatory
approval was not obtained. Hence, although I was not satisfied that the Mr
Chua had knowingly assisted Healthstats China to submit a false report to seek
CFDA approval for the CasPro, the plaintiffs have nevertheless proven their
case that the Regulatory Representation (for BPro G2) is false.

(B) The Revenue Representation

157 I turn now to the alleged Revenue Representation. It is important to note
that the Revenue Representation, as pleaded by the plaintiffs, is that S$18m
of sales had been booked for 2016 and another S$38.2m of sales had been booked
for 2017 (see [45(b)] above). The plaintiffs’ pleaded case is not based on the
allegation that the defendants suppressed the true state of Healthstats
International’s finances from them, ie, that Healthstats International had not
been making money for many years. On the contrary, based on the plaintiffs’
pleaded case, Dr Ting had candidly admitted to them that he did not know how
to run a business and that Healthstats International was in urgent need of
working capital (see [46(a)], [46(b)(vi)] and [57] above). Instead, the
plaintiffs’ assertion as to the falsity of the Revenue Representation is
premised on their allegation that the Second China Contract was a sham. Under
the Second China Contract, Healthstats China was to purchase a total of
S$52.785m worth of the BPro G2, BPro G3 and CasPro devices from Healthstats
International.

(I) Was the Revenue Representation a statement of present fact in 2016-2017?

158 I shall first turn to address a preliminary issue: was the Revenue
Representation a statement of present fact or a statement of future intention?

159 As recently emphasised in Tonny Permana v One Tree Capital Management Pte
Ltd and another [2021] SGHC 37 (“Tonny Permana”), there is “a crucial
distinction between actionable misrepresentations and a future promise or
statement of intention” [emphasis in original]. A future promise or statement
of intention may manifest as a claim in breach of contract, but “[o]nly false
statements as to present fact can constitute the subject matter of a
misrepresentation claim” [emphasis added] (Tonny Permana at [183]). A
statement of intention can only constitute an actionable misrepresentation if
it is shown that, at the time it was made, the person who made it had no
intention of doing what he asserted he would do. In such a case, the relevant
misrepresentation would be a misrepresentation of that person’s state of mind
(see Tan Chin Seng and others v Raffles Town Club Pte Ltd [2003] 3 SLR(R) 307
(“Tan Chin Seng”) at [12]; and HE & SF Properties LP v Rising Dragon Singapore
Pte Ltd and another [2019] 4 SLR 149 (“HE & SF”) at [97(a)]).

160 The defendants submit that the Revenue Representation is not an actionable
misrepresentation since it relates to a statement of future intention. To
recapitulate, the Revenue Representation as pleaded by the plaintiffs states
that “S$18 million of sales had been booked for 2016 and another S$38.2
million of sales had been booked for 2017” [emphasis added]. 292

##### Foot Note 292

×

SOC at para 16(ii)(j)(2).

The word “booked” is also used in the Executive Summary, where it states
“$18.0m booked for Year 2016” [emphasis added] and “$38.2m booked for Year
2017” [emphasis added]. The Executive Summary also included a graph which
states “Revenue Forecast from China (3 Years)” [emphasis added]. I reproduce
the material section of the Executive Summary below: 293

##### Foot Note 293

×

ABOD, Vol 2, Tab 30 at p 1003.

2\. Advanced device book sales secured including (in SGD$):

• $1.5m confirmed in Q3/2015.

• $18.0m booked for Year 2016.

• $38.2m booked for Year 2017.

• The book sales comprise of devices for health screening booths, hospitals
and point-of-care facilities.

• Significant advanced orders for current device models and the consumer
wearable device have also been secured.

![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)

In relation to the above, the defendants submit that “booked” and “forecast”,
in contradistinction to “confirmed” in the Executive Summary, connote
references to future events rather than to present facts. 294

##### Foot Note 294

×

Defendants’ Closing Submissions (“DCS”) at para 108.

161 The plaintiffs submit that the words in the above graph, “Source: Purchase
Orders”, imply that the source of the revenue of Healthstats International was
certain and would be realised. 295

##### Foot Note 295

×

Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions (“PCS”) at paras 339–342.

162 Another point of contention relates to the report of the defendants’
expert, Mr Tan Wei Cheong. In that report, he states: 296

##### Foot Note 296

×

BAEIC, Vol 8, Tab 17 (Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief of Tan Wei Cheong) at p
4582, paras 3.7–3.8.

3.7 The statements “$18.0m booked for Year 2016” and $38.2m booked for Year
2017” suggest there was some form of orders but that does not mean that the
revenue had crystallised compared to the “$1.5m confirmed in Q3/2015” since
delivery is still based on terms of the China Contracts. I am instructed that
the “$1.5m confirmed in Q3/2015” relates to an advance deposit that was
received by the Company under the China Contracts and this is not disputed by
the Plaintiffs. The aforesaid understanding also matches the contractual
arrangement between the Company and Healthstats China under the China
Contracts, which I had elaborated at paragraphs 2.7 to 2.11 above.

3.8 The Financial Reporting Standard 18 – Revenue (“FRS 18”) (applicable for
the relevant period from 2015 to 2017) states that “Revenue from the sale of
goods shall be recognised when all the following conditions have been
satisfied:

• the entity has transferred to the buyer the significant risks and rewards of
the ownership of the goods*;

• the entity retains neither continuing managerial involvement to the degree
usually associated with ownership nor effective control over the goods sold;

• the amount of revenue can be measured reliably;

• it is probable that the economic benefits associated with the transaction
will flow to the entity; and

• the costs incurred or to be incurred in respect of the transaction can be
measured reliably.”

*In most cases, the transfer of the risks and rewards of ownership coincides with the transfer of the legal title or the passing of possession to the buyer.

[emphasis in original omitted; emphasis added]

The defendants rely on this report to show that “booked” does not connote
certainty as the revenue referred to by that word has not crystallised. In
response, the plaintiffs submit that Mr Tan Wei Cheong conceded in cross-
examination that for revenue to be “booked” in the account of any company, it
would need to satisfy all five bullet points above. 297

##### Foot Note 297

×

PCS at para 345; Transcript (4 August 2021) at p 92 lines 12–21.

They, therefore, argue that “a party representing that any sum of money has
been ‘booked’ would know that any commercially savvy third party would think
there was a very high degree of certainty that the sum of money would be
received…”. 298

##### Foot Note 298

×

PCS at para 346.

163 In my view, both the plain meaning of “booked” and the findings of Mr Tan
Wei Cheong’s expert report indicate that “booked” does not connote revenue
that has crystallised, but instead suggests that the Revenue Representation
relates to future events. Mr Tan Wei Cheong was largely confused during cross-
examination, especially about what the plaintiffs’ counsel meant by “booked”.
299

##### Foot Note 299

×

Transcript (4 August 2021) at p 92 lines 4–11; p 94 lines 6–12; p 94 line 25
to p 95 line 11.

In such circumstances, I doubt that he made the concession alleged by the
plaintiffs. In any case, even if Mr Tan Wei Cheong did so concede, taking the
plaintiffs’ case at the highest, this would only imply that there was a “very
high degree of certainty that the sum of money would be received”. There is
still no connotation of absolute certainty that what was conveyed through the
Revenue Representation was that the “S$18 million of sales” and “$38.2 million
of sales” had crystallised for 2016 and 2017 respectively.

164 Since the Revenue Representation was not a statement of present fact, I
therefore find that it cannot be an actionable misrepresentation, even if it
is found to be false.

(II) Was the Second China Contract a sham agreement?

165 I turn next to the issue of whether the Second China Contract is a sham
agreement. To be clear, the plaintiffs allege that the Second China Contract
was a sham so as to secure the framework agreement in China and that
Healthstats China and Healthstats International had no intention to fulfil the
Second China Contract. The plaintiffs do not take issue with the First China
Contract. However, towards the end of Mr Yong’s testimony, he vacillated and
said that the First China Contract could also be a sham as it could not be
fulfilled. A contract is not a sham just because it is not fulfilled.

166 The principles relating to sham contracts were recently restated in Toh
Eng Tiah v Jiang Angelina and another appeal [2021] 1 SLR 1176 (“Toh Eng
Tiah”). There, the Court of Appeal noted that “the essential element of a sham
is that the parties did not intend to create the legal relations that the acts
done or documents executed give the impression of creating” [emphasis added]
(Toh Eng Tiah at [74]). The burden of proving a sham lies on the party
alleging that a document is a sham. There is a very strong presumption that
the parties intend to be bound by the provisions of the agreement that they
have entered into. There must be a common intention to mislead and it is
necessary to examine the subjective intentions of the parties (Toh Eng Tiah at
[80]).

167 Therefore, in order to show that the Second China Contract was a sham, the
plaintiffs must prove that Healthstats China and Healthstats International had
a common intention for the Second China Contract to “give the impression of
creating legal relations which did not reflect the true legal relations
between the parties” [emphasis in original] (Toh Eng Tiah at [79]).

168 In the present case, the plaintiffs have not succeeded in proving that the
Second China Contract was a sham. The evidence relied on by the plaintiffs in
this regard is extremely weak.

(a) Employees’ awareness of Second China Contract’s existence

169 The plaintiffs initially asserted that the Second China Contract did not
exist as none of Healthstats International’s and Healthstats China’s key
employees were aware of the existence of a genuine Second China Contract.
However, when these witnesses were cross-examined, their evidence did not
stand up to scrutiny.

170 The plaintiffs called Mr Michael Tan, Healthstats International’s finance
manager, who stated that he was “entirely unaware of the Second China Contract
until sometime in 2018”. He also stated that Healthstats International did not
have any record of the existence of the Second China Contract and that there
was also no record in its accounts of the Second China Contract having been
booked. 300

##### Foot Note 300

×

BAEIC, Vol 2, Tab 5 (THS) at paras 11–12.

Mr Michael Tan opined that it was “incredible” that the defendants would not
have provided Healthstats International’s finance department with a copy of
the Second China Contract if it was legitimate, given the “enormous contract
sum” of S$52.785m. 301

##### Foot Note 301

×

BAEIC, Vol 2, Tab 5 (THS) at para 14.

171 However, during his cross-examination, Mr Michael Tan admitted that he was
aware of the Second China Contract in 2015 and 2016 because it was referred to
in a note to Healthstats International’s shareholders dated 2 November 2015;
it was discussed in an annual general meeting on 4 December 2015; Mr Marcus
Chua had sent an e-mail attaching both China Contracts for due diligence; and
the two China Contracts were referred to in the Baker & McKenzie Report. 302

##### Foot Note 302

×

Transcript (4 May 2021), p 103 at line 25 and p 104 at lines 1–18.

It became clear over the course of the cross-examination that Mr Michael Tan’s
opinion that the Second China Contract was not legitimate or not genuine was
based on the fact that he had not seen a physical copy of the Second China
Contract and it did not translate into actual revenue. 303

##### Foot Note 303

×

Transcript (5 May 2021), p 13 at lines 21–25, p 14 at lines 1–2 and p 15 at
lines 13–21.

However, Mr Michael Tan did not ask to see the Second China Contract because
he saw himself as “just a small fry” within Healthstats International. 304

##### Foot Note 304

×

Transcript (4 May 2021), p 86 at lines 21–25 and p 87 at lines 1 and 13–19.

Further, when he was asked how he understood cl 9.2.1 of the Second China
Contract, he acknowledged that it meant that the Second China Contract did not
become effective because the fulfilment of the First China Contract was a
condition precedent which had not been satisfied. 305

##### Foot Note 305

×

Transcript (4 May 2021), p 125 at lines 12–13, p 126 at lines 16–22 and p 127
at lines 21–23.

Therefore, Mr Michael Tan’s assessment that the Second China Contract was not
genuine is fundamentally flawed.

172 The plaintiffs also called Mr Koh, Healthstats International’s head of
production, to establish that the Second China Contract was a sham. Mr Koh was
similarly unaware of the existence of the Second China Contract. While he was
broadly aware of the existence of the First China Contract, he was never
informed or made aware of an order worth S$14.5m in 2016 or S$38.2m in 2017.
He stated that it would have been “highly unusual” for Healthstats
International to have entered into a contract with such large production
obligations without the defendants informing him so that he could make the
necessary procurements and prepare for the production of a large number of
components and units. As at 31 December 2015, Healthstats International did
not have “anywhere near sufficient quantities” of the components required to
perform the Second China Contract. 306

##### Foot Note 306

×

BAEIC, Vol 2, Tab 6 (KCH) at paras 10–14.

173 However, Mr Koh’s evidence is inconclusive at best. During his cross-
examination, Mr Koh explained that his job was only to act on purchase orders
and sales orders. 307

##### Foot Note 307

×

Transcript (5 May 2021), p 47 at lines 8–11.

He clarified that he would not be informed when Healthstats International
entered into new contracts. 308

##### Foot Note 308

×

Transcript (5 May 2021), p 58 at lines 9–20 and p 59 at lines 1–6.

Ultimately, Mr Koh agreed that based on his history of not being shown the
contracts entered into by Healthstats International, there was no question of
him having been kept in the dark on the existence of the Second China Contract
in 2015. 309

##### Foot Note 309

×

Transcript (5 May 2021), p 66 at lines 11–15.

Indeed, since no purchase orders under the Second China Contract would have
been placed until the First China Contract was fully performed (pursuant to cl
9.2.1 of the Second China Contract), I do not find it surprising that Mr Koh
was not informed of the Second China Contract. Notwithstanding the large
production obligations thereunder, there was no imminent need for these
obligations to be performed.

174 The plaintiffs further called Ms Li, then a sales manager in Healthstats
China, to testify that the Second China Contract was a sham. Ms Li stated that
in or around October 2015, Healthstats China’s general manager, Ms Yan Zi Xun
(“Ms Yan”), had told her that the Second China Contract was signed only at the
request of Healthstats International’s shareholders for the purpose of its
initial public offering, and that the Second China Contract was not meant to
be implemented. 310

##### Foot Note 310

×

BAEIC, Vol 2, Tab 7 (LWW) at paras 20–21.

She also stated that the Contract Approval Form for the Second China Contract
had been signed by Winsan’s representatives with the express caveat that no
feasibility study was conducted in respect of the Second China Contract and
that it was not meant to be implemented. 311

##### Foot Note 311

×

BAEIC, Vol 2, Tab 7 (LWW) at paras 18.

In addition, Ms Li said that she was unable to locate any copies of the Second
China Contract in Healthstats China’s internal records, 312

##### Foot Note 312

×

BAEIC, Vol 2, Tab 7 (LWW) at paras 24.

and that there was no record of the Second China Contract in the Winsan
Handover Checklist prepared in 2018. 313

##### Foot Note 313

×

BAEIC, Vol 2, Tab 7 (LWW) at paras 17.

The Winsan Handover Checklist included a “Purchase contract (Contract No
P2015080002)” [emphasis added], 314

##### Foot Note 314

×

BAEIC, Vol 2, Tab 7 (LWW) at p 1393 (at s/n 8-9); translated at BAEIC, Vol 2,
Tab 8 (LH) at p 1447 (at s/n 8-9).

whereas the agreement number for the Second China Contract was P2015090002.

175 However, Ms Li’s evidence in this regard fell apart over the course of her
cross-examination. She clarified on the stand that after submitting her
affidavit of evidence-in-chief, she had managed to find a scanned electronic
copy of the Second China Contract in Healthstats China’s old records. 315

##### Foot Note 315

×

Transcript (6 May 2021), p 32 at lines 9–18.

This had been e-mailed to her by a colleague in Healthstats International. 316

##### Foot Note 316

×

Transcript (6 May 2021), p 100 at lines 7–16.

She also accepted that the reference to “Purchase contract (Contract No
P2015080002)”, instead of P2015090002, in the Winsan Handover Checklist could
have been a typographical error. 317

##### Foot Note 317

×

Transcript (6 May 2021), p 110 at line 6.

Further, she explained that Ms Yan had told her that it would be “not easy” to
have the Second China Contract implemented because the conditions in both cll
9.2.1 and 9.2.2 of the Second China Contract had to be satisfied first. 318

##### Foot Note 318

×

Transcript (6 May 2021), p 107 at lines 7–9 and p 108 at lines 4–12.

According to Ms Li, Ms Yan had said there was a “very low chance” of
satisfying both of these conditions together because there was “no 100 per
cent confidence in the contract being executed”. 319

##### Foot Note 319

×

Transcript (6 May 2021), p 116 at lines 24–25 and p 117 at lines 1–4.

It, therefore, became clear that when Ms Li said that the Second China
Contract was not meant to be implemented, she simply meant that its
implementation depended on the conditions precedent in cl 9.2 being satisfied.
This is corroborated by the wording of the Contract Approval Form, which
stated that the conditions for the validity of the Second China Contract had
not been met and that there was no need to perform the contract immediately
(see [23] above).

176 In any event, Ms Li’s account of what Ms Yan had told her is hearsay
evidence. Ms Yan’s statement was made out of court and was tendered by the
plaintiffs to prove the truth of the contents of Ms Yan’s statement (ie, that
the Second China Contract was not meant to be implemented), rather than to
prove that the statement was indeed made by Ms Yan to Ms Li (see Saga
Foodstuffs Manufacturing (Pte) Ltd v Best Food Pte Ltd [1994] 3 SLR(R) 1013 at
[11], recently cited in Management Corporation Strata Title Plan No 3556
(suing on behalf of itself and all subsidiary proprietors of Northstar @ AMK)
v Orion-One Development Pte Ltd (in liquidation) and another [2020] 3 SLR 373
at [21]). Therefore, what Ms Yan said to Ms Li falls within the hearsay rule
and is only admissible in accordance with s 32(1) of the Evidence Act (Cap 97,
1997 Rev Ed) (“EA”). The plaintiffs seek to rely on s 32(1)(j)(iii), which
provides that a statement of relevant facts made by a person is relevant and
therefore admissible when it is made by a person “in respect of whom it is
shown … that he is outside Singapore and it is not practicable to secure his
attendance”. The plaintiffs submit that Ms Yan is outside Singapore and it was
not practicable to secure her attendance at the trial. 320

##### Foot Note 320

×

Transcript (6 May 2021), p 21 at lines 6–25 and p 22 at line 1.

She could give her testimony through a live video link just like Ms Li, Mr
Yong and Ms Hwang. However, s 32(1)(j)(iii) does not assist the plaintiffs in
this case. The burden is on the plaintiffs to prove the ground of
unavailability and a mere allegation that Ms Yan was unavailable to give
evidence is not acceptable. For example, the plaintiffs should have adduced
evidence of how Ms Yan was previously contacted and what efforts had been made
to contact her (Gimpex Ltd v Unity Holdings Business Ltd and others and
another appeal [2015] 2 SLR 686 (“Gimpex”) at [97] and [101]). However, they
failed to do so. In these circumstances, Ms Yan’s statements are hearsay
evidence and I shall not take them into account.

177 The truth is that the Second China Contract did exist and is genuine (ie,
not a sham). Mr Yong admitted in court that he was given the two China
Contracts sometime in the later part of 2015 and he had read them. 321

##### Foot Note 321

×

Transcript (22 July 2021) at p 53 lines 11–17; Transcript (23 July 2021) at p
22 lines 9 to 21 and p 25 lines 5–7; Transcript (27 July 2021) at p 39 lines 5
to 11.

The plaintiffs’ assertions that Healthstats International and Healthstats
China had no official record of the Second China Contract, and that their
employees were unaware of the existence of the same, are not borne out by the
evidence.

178 Further, I am unable to accept Mr Yong’s argument that the Second China
Contract was a sham because no working prototype of the BPro G3 existed at the
material time. It bears reiterating that cl 9.2 of the Second China Contract
provided that it would only be operative upon the fulfilment of the First
China Contract. The date on which the BPro G3 devices had to be manufactured
and delivered to Healthstats China under the Second China Contract was,
therefore, uncertain. Thus, the absence of a working prototype of the BPro G3
at the time the Second China Contract was made does not show that Healthstats
International and Healthstats China had a common intention for the Second
China Contract to give a false impression of creating legal relations.

(b) The Second China Contract’s role in Winsan’s tender bids

179 The background leading to the two China Contracts also supports the
existence of the Second China Contract.

180 Healthstats China entered into the First China Contract on 13 August 2015
and the Second China Contract on 26 October 2015. Winsan, the then major
shareholder of Healthstats China, entered into a framework agreement to supply
remote monitoring of health parameters (including blood pressure) for the
population of Wenzhou, Dafeng and Jiangsu in July and August 2015. In December
2015, Winsan secured another similar contract for the city of Lishui. 322

##### Foot Note 322

×

Defendants’ Opening Statement at para 60.

The population and the value of the contract for the four cities are as
follows: 323

##### Foot Note 323

×

Defendants’ Opening Statement at para 60.

Area| Amount (in RMB)| Population as at 2015(rounded to the nearest thousand)  
---|---|---  
Wenzhou | 400,000| 9,117,000  
Dafeng| 60,000,000| 720,000  
Jiangsu| 100,000,000| 80,400,000  
Lishui| 112,000,000| 2,663,000  
Total| 672,000,000| 92,900,000  
  
The total amount of the contracts for the four cities is RMB 672,000,000, ie,
about S$134m.

181 The plaintiffs submit that the real reason for the Second China Contract
was that the shareholders of Healthstats International were becoming impatient
and disgruntled with Healthstats International’s inability to turn a profit.
Hence, they submit that Dr Ting and Mr Chua urgently needed the Second China
Contract to be concluded so that they could use this contract to placate these
disgruntled shareholders, to get new investors to buy over the shares of these
shareholders, and to alleviate Healthstats International’s cash-flow problems.
324

##### Foot Note 324

×

PCS at para 401.

182 In contrast, at trial, Dr Ting explained that Winsan wanted the Second
China Contract to be signed urgently so that Winsan could put a proposal which
included the Second China Contract in the tender applications submitted to
local governments in China. 325

##### Foot Note 325

×

Transcript (30 July 2021) at p 71 line 1 to p 75 line 14.

183 The plaintiffs submit that Dr Ting’s testimony is contradicted by Mr
Chua’s account of events. Mr Chua testified that Winsan had won the tender for
Wenzhou on 8 July 2015 and by 7 August 2015, Winsan had won the tenders for
Jiangsu and Dafeng. 326

##### Foot Note 326

×

PCS at para 396; BAEIC, Vol 7, Tab 15, 2nd Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief of
Chua Ngak Hwee (“CNH2”) at paras 24 and 25.

Since the Second China Contract was only signed on 26 October 2015, after
Winsan won the tender bids for Wenzhou, Jiangsu and Dafeng, the plaintiffs
submit that Dr Ting’s explanation that Winsan required the Second China
Contract to be signed urgently for the purpose of its tender bids was
therefore entirely concocted.

184 In my view, the plaintiffs have wrongly described Dr Ting’s explanation as
to why the Second China Contract was urgently needed. The plaintiffs submit
that Dr Ting’s explanation was that the Second China Contract had to be
quickly concluded so that they could be used for the tender bids. However,
this was not the case. Dr Ting’s explanation was that the Second China
Contract was needed for two things. First, it was needed as a reference for
the proposal to be submitted by Winsan in its tender bids. Second, it was
needed so that Winsan knew that it could perform its obligations under the
tenders once the tenders were awarded.

185 In Dr Ting’s affidavit of evidence-in-chief, he stated that the two China
Contracts were “for [the] purposes of meeting Winsan’s obligations under the
tenders”. 327

##### Foot Note 327

×

BAEIC, Vol 4, Tab 13 (TCM) at para 53.

At trial, Dr Ting explained as follows: 328

##### Foot Note 328

×

Transcript (30 July 2021) at p 70 line 19 to p 75 line 10.

Q: You wanted [the Second China Contract] urgently because you needed to show
your shareholders that you were doing something; correct?

A: That’s not true.

Q: And the truth was you had nothing. The second China contract was a sham.
Agree?

A: Disagree.

Q: Now, I’ll let you explain to the court what great urgency there was for the
second China contract to be entered into.

A: First of all, when they won the remote monitoring for the –

Court: “They” refers to whom?

A: Sorry. When Winsan through Healthstats China –

Court: Winsan what?

A: Winsan through Healthstats China, they are now the majority shareholder of
China, but the contract was won by Winsan, not by Healthstats China.

Court: What contract?

A: The remote monitoring tenders that were put out by the four cities. It was
three and then finally one more cities.

Court: Yes.

A: They required – there were many competitors for this tender. It’s a very
massive tender, involved hundreds of millions of renminbi. So in order to put
in the tender, which we are only a small part, because the remote monitoring
requires other parameters like temperature, ECG, et cetera, they have to
tender and put in a proposal that shows the state of the art.

Court: “They” refers to whom?

A: Show to the government, the –

Court: “They” refers to whom?

A: The Winsan – sorry, the Winsan Medical. So Winsan has to submit for tender
– submit for tender to get this. And you cannot submit a tender with a blank
proposal, so he has to gather all the different parts; for example, ECG. So he
will have to acquire an ECG company. He will acquire different companies to
come in together and make in the proposal. In order to meet that timing, he
has to submit this urgently to show. That’s how he finally won the tender. So
he has to then work backwards, how many that he needs in terms of devices and
services, and the set-up of the server or the cloud-serving. That’s why we had
people sent up to China to help set up the server in China. So he has to meet
that.

In fact, chairman Qian won the tender, and he went up on the national TV to be
interviewed, because – and he wore the watch up to show that is the thing to
come.

So if you do not meet the tender in time, you will not be able to win any
tender. So that was the urgency that presses on him that he had relayed to us.

…

Q: … So, Dr Ting, you’re saying that Winsan needed to show [the Second China
Contract] to the authorities in China to tender; correct?

A: No, no. Winsan need to put a proposal –

Q: Yes.

A: – which shows that they can meet the requirement.

Q: I understand.

A: Yeah.

Q: So in order to put forward a proposal that shows that they can meet the
requirements, they must have this contract; correct?

Court: The second contract?

Q: The second China contract; correct?

…

Q: … So I’ll just ask the question again. For the purposes of the tender,
Winsan needed to have [the Second China Contract] in hand; correct?

A: Correct.

Q: And so they urgently asked for it to be signed so –

Court: “They” refers to whom?

Q: “They” referring to Winsan and, in particular, Mr Guan and Mr Qian. These
parties requested the second China contract to be signed so that they could
put in the tender?

A: Yes.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

While the final portion of this excerpt above might suggest that the Second
China Contract was needed for the tender bids, this answer has to be construed
in the context of Dr Ting’s whole explanation. First of all, the plaintiffs’
counsel’s question was whether the Second China Contract was needed so that
Winsan could put in the tender bids, not that Winsan wanted to put the Second
China Contract in the tender bids. The plaintiffs’ counsel’s question was also
whether Winsan needed the Second China Contract at hand for the purposes of
the tender, which was broadly phrased. More importantly, Dr Ting’s answer here
must be read in the context of his previous answers. Dr Ting emphasised that
what was chiefly urgent was a proposal to be submitted as part of the tender
bids and denied that the Second China Contract itself had to be shown as part
of these bids. The preparation of this proposal required the Second China
Contract as a reference, as a gauge to see how much supply Winsan would have
to allow it to discharge its obligations under the tenders if these tenders
were awarded. The need for such a reference necessitated some urgency in
concluding the Second China Contract. After the tenders were awarded, it was
then even more urgent for the Second China Contract to be concluded, such that
Winsan could indeed discharge its tender obligations.

186 Hence, it is immaterial that the Second China Contract was concluded after
three tenders were awarded to Winsan. What matters is that the submission and
the awarding of tender bids, as well as the conclusion of the Second China
Contract, occurred around the same period of time. Similarly, Winsan also had
to submit a proposal which included the Second China Contract for its tender
for the fourth city of Lishui in December 2015. Hence, I find that Dr Ting’s
and Mr Chua’s account of the events adequately explain why Winsan needed the
Second China Contract to be concluded urgently, and their accounts therefore
lend support for the authenticity of the Second China Contract.

(c) The subsequent conduct of a feasibility study

187 I shall turn to another issue arising from the background events
surrounding the Second China Contract. In Healthstats China’s “Contract
Approval Form” 329

##### Foot Note 329

×

PCB, Vol 2 at p 952, at ABOD, Vol 7 at p 4471.

for the Second China Contract, it was mentioned that the shareholders of
Healthstats China and Healthstats International wanted to waive the need for a
feasibility study as there was no need to perform the Second China Contract
immediately even when it was signed. When the plaintiffs learned of the
Contract Approval Form, they became suspicious and alleged that the Second
China Contract was a sham to deceive and lure the plaintiffs into investing in
Healthstats International.

188 I have canvassed Dr Ting’s explanation as to why the Second China Contract
had to be urgently concluded. However, Dr Ting also explained that because of
this urgency, the feasibility study had to be postponed. This is Dr Ting’s
lengthy explanation: 330

##### Foot Note 330

×

Transcript (30 July 2021) at p 70 line 19 to p 77 line 20.

Q: You wanted [the Second China Contract] urgently because you needed to show
your shareholders that you were doing something; correct?

A: That’s not true.

Q: And the truth was you had nothing. The second China contract was a sham.
Agree?

A: Disagree.

Q: Now, I'll let you explain to the court what great urgency there was for the
second China contract to be entered into.

A: First of all, when they won the remote monitoring for the --

Court: "They" refers to whom?

Q: Sorry. When Winsan through Healthstats China --

Court: Winsan what?

A: Winsan through Healthstats China, they are now the majority shareholder of
China, but the contract was won by Winsan, not by Healthstats China.

Court: What contract?

A: The remote monitoring tenders that were put out by the four cities. It was
three and then finally one more cities.

Court: Yes.

A: They required -- there were many competitors for this tender. It's a very
massive tender, involved hundreds of millions of renminbi. So in order to put
in the tender, which we are only a small part, because the remote monitoring
requires other parameters like temperature, ECG, et cetera, they have to
tender and put in a proposal that shows the state of the art.

Court: “They” refers to whom?

A: Show to the government, the –

Court: “They” refers to whom?

A: The Winsan -- sorry, the Winsan Medical. So Winsan has to submit for tender
-- submit for tender to get this. And you cannot submit a tender with a blank
proposal, so he has to gather all the different parts; for example, ECG. So he
will have to acquire an ECG company. He will have to acquire different
companies to come in together and make in the proposal. In order to meet that
timing, he has to submit this urgently to show. That's how he finally won the
tender. So he has to then work backwards, how many that he needs in terms of
devices and services, and the set-up of the server or the cloud-serving.
That's why we had people sent up to China to help set up the server in China.
So he has to meet that.

In fact, chairman Qian won the tender, and he went up on the national TV to be
interviewed, because -- and he wore the watch up to show that is the thing to
come.

So if you do not meet the tender in time, you will not be able to win any
tender. So that was the urgency that presses on him that he had relayed to us.

In terms of feasibility studies, as mentioned here, these do not make the
contract a sham. It just means that they have to fine-tune –

…

A: This feasibility study refers to how they would implement remote monitoring
in 90 million people, which is a very huge task, so you need the logistics of
how to get the thing to the people, especially the villages. So that's where
we have the healthcare kiosks, if you see in our contract. We set up
healthcare kiosks in the village, in Chengdu and all that.

Court: No, I don’t want the details. I just want you to explain –

A: To the question.

Court: – on the issue of urgency.

A: Yes. So we have to coordinate with him to meet the tender requirement.

…

Court: Coordinate with …?

A: Winsan.

Court: For the tender –

A: For the tender requirement.

Court: Yes.

A: That was how they also won the fourth tender on 9 December 2015 from
Lishui.

…

Q: … neither of you cared about whether the [Second China Contract] was going
to be performed or not. You just needed to have the contract signed. Correct?

A: No.

Q: And that is why they didn’t even bother to do a feasibility for this. They
just wanted the contract signed; correct?

A: The feasibility study will follow after that.

Q: No. My question was: before signing the contract, they didn’t bother with
doing a feasibility study because what they really wanted and what you really
wanted was just to have the contract signed; correct?

A: I disagree.

Q: And you say you do a feasibility after the contract is signed?

A: Yes.

…

Q: Dr Ting, my question was: in your business, do you do your feasibility
first and then sign a contract –

A: Depends on –

Q: – or do you sign a contract first and then do your feasibility afterwards,
in your business?

A: Yeah, it depends on what are you referring to, what business.

Q: So you’re saying in some businesses, you sign your contract first, and then
you decide later whether you need it?

A: No, no, no, we have to see how you are feasible to do because sometimes the
logistics play a part, especially in villages. Then we have to improvise. But
some, you are direct in the city. So feasibility in China is a massive thing,
but if you don’t have a tender that shows you have the technology, you’re not
even considered for the contract. So feasibility is to follow for such a
tender, but he has to show he has the device.

From the above explanation, Dr Ting claimed that the feasibility study had to
be conducted only after the tenders were awarded because the tender bids had
to be urgently submitted. The feasibility study was a large-scale logistical
exercise to ascertain how the BPro devices could be used remotely to monitor
the health of the people in the four cities. 331

##### Foot Note 331

×

Transcript (2 August 2021) at p 53 lines 6–13 (Dr Ting).

This feasibility study would take about four to six months. 332

##### Foot Note 332

×

Transcript (2 August 2021) p 54 line 6 to p 55 line 17 (Dr Ting).

Thus, if the feasibility study had been conducted before the tender bids were
submitted, it would have been unlikely for Winsan to submit its tender bids on
time. This would then lessen the prospects of Winsan securing the contracts
for the four cities. Having considered Dr Ting’s evidence as a whole, I find
his explanation to be reasonable.

(d) Healthstats China’s ability to perform the Second China Contract

189 The plaintiffs submit that Healthstats China never had the financial
ability to perform the First China Contract, let alone the Second China
Contract.

190 In support, they refer to a WhatsApp message from Ms Li to Mr Chua on 22
June 2016: 333

##### Foot Note 333

×

PCS at paras 403–405.

Hi Mr Chua, Can we import 400 BPRO BT first? today I will ask my colleague to
issue PO, since we can’t afford all the tax one time. But instruction from
Winsan is, we have to import all 1000 BT and 200 CASPRO. so we will arrange
accordingly

The plaintiffs submit that this message shows that as of 22 June 2016,
Healthstats China could not even afford the import tax for 1,000 units of the
BPro G2 and 200 units of the CasPro, and had to reduce its request for
delivery to 400 units instead. This message suggested that Healthstats China
did not have the financial means to fully perform the First China Contract.

191 It is unnecessary to examine in detail whether Healthstats China indeed
had the financial ability to meet its obligations under the First China
Contract or the Second China Contract. What matters is Mr Yong’s perception of
its finances at the point when the Subscription Agreement was concluded. Mr
Yong had already expressed concerns over Winsan’s financial standing, which
led to the abortion of the Sale and Purchase Agreement. Hence, he was aware of
the potential financial issues regarding the two China Contracts. As I detail
below in my analysis on the Reliance Requirement, Mr Yong was consistently
enthusiastic about investing in Healthstats International: notwithstanding
Winsan’s financial uncertainty in April 2016, he proposed other offers such as
a convertible bond and a share swap in July 2016, and even sought to bring in
other investors to Healthstats International. When the shareholders of
Healthstats International did not accept Mr Yong’s two options, Mr Yong
eventually nominated Ms Hwang to sign the Subscription Agreement in August
2016. If his perception of Healthstats International’s or Healthstats China’s
finances was so poor, he would not have been willing to invest in Healthstats
International. Hence, Mr Yong cannot now perform a volte face and say that he
perceives Healthstats China’s finances to be so abysmal that the Second China
Contract must be a sham.

192 Moreover, it should be borne in mind that Healthstats China was a party to
the Second China Contract and Healthstats China was manned by a board of
directors from Winsan. The defendants’ counsel suggested to Mr Yong that the
plaintiffs’ claim that the Second China Contract is a sham agreement implies
that the four members of the board of directors who were involved in the
Second China Contract had acted fraudulently in entering into the Second China
Contract. 334

##### Foot Note 334

×

Transcript (23 July 2021) at p 39 line 20 to p 40 line 4.

It is undisputed that the four members of the board of directors were Ms Yan,
the general manager of Healthstats China; Gan Quan, the chief financial
officer (“CFO”) of Winsan; Xu Rong Rong, the deputy general manager of
Healthstats China; and Guan Wen Lian, the CEO of Healthstats China. 335

##### Foot Note 335

×

ASOF at s/n 7.

The implication is that the highest echelons of Healthstats International’s,
Healthstats China’s and Winsan’s management were involved in a conspiracy to
defraud by entering into the Second China Contract. This is a veneer
speculation or assertion at most as there is no evidence to support this
serious allegation. The plaintiffs submit in response that they only need to
adduce evidence of the defendants’ state of mind, in that the defendants knew
that the Second China Contract was never going to be performed but,
nevertheless, represented that the revenue thereunder was a certainty. 336

##### Foot Note 336

×

PRS at para 57.

Hence, the plaintiffs submit that the state of mind of Winsan’s board of
directors is irrelevant to this issue. In my view, the plaintiffs’ submission
misses the point. Evidence of fraud on the part of the Winsan’s board of
directors would directly indicate that the Second China Contract is a sham
agreement. However, no such evidence was adduced.

193 Therefore, I am not convinced by the plaintiffs’ submission regarding
Healthstats China’s financial inability to perform the two China Contracts
before Ms Hwang signed the Subscription Agreement.

(e) Conclusion on whether the Second China Contract was a sham

194 From the above analysis, I find that the evidence shows that the Second
China Contract was not a sham agreement.

195 I shall also add that the plaintiffs’ overall case is incoherent and self-
serving, for the reasons below.

196 The irony of the plaintiffs’ argument is that, while they do not doubt the
genuineness of the First China Contract, Mr Yong now doubts Healthstats
International’s ability to fulfil the First China Contract. 337

##### Foot Note 337

×

Transcript (27 July 2021) at p 54 line 8 to p 57 line 3 (Mr Yong).

Yet, the fact of the matter is that the two China Contracts were
interdependent and they came about because of the framework agreement for the
supply of the BPro G2, BPro G3 and CasPro to the population of the four cities
in China. Indeed, cl 9 of the Second China Contract states, inter alia, that
it shall only be effective after the First China Contract had been fulfilled.
Therefore, if the plaintiffs had initially accepted that the First China
Contract was not a sham, they cannot argue that the Second China Contract was
a sham without any legitimate basis.

197 Moreover, the plaintiffs initially even questioned the existence of the
Second China Contract. When this did not succeed, they accepted that there was
a Second China Contract and argued that it was a sham because the Second China
Contract was not operative and was not intended to be carried out. The Second
China Contract was not operative because the First China Contract was not
completely fulfilled and the conditions in cl 9 of the Second China Contract
were not fulfilled. However, the fact that the Second China Contract is
inoperative does not entail that it was a sham.

198 Lastly, Mr Yong further said that he believed that the Second China
Contract did not exist because Mr Lian, the present CEO of Healthstats
International, said he did not see the Second China Contract. Yet, Mr Lian was
not called as a witness.

199 I, therefore, find that the Second China Contract was not a sham contract.

(III) Even if the Second China Contract was not a sham, was the Revenue
Representation false?

200 I shall now evaluate the truth of the Revenue Representation on the basis
that the Second China Contract was not a sham. As pleaded by the plaintiffs,
the Revenue Representation is that S$18m of sales had been booked for 2016 and
another S$38.2m of sales had been booked for 2017. The Revenue Representation
was made, inter alia, in the Executive Summary (sent by Dr Ting to Mr Yong in
late November 2015) which stated that these sales had been “booked” for 2016
and 2017 (see [46(c)] above); the Business Update Slides (presented by the
defendants in January 2016) which suggested that S$18m was expected from China
in 2016 and S$38.2 was expected from China in 2017 (see [46(d)] above); and
the Financial Forecast Slides (presented by the defendants in January 2016)
which stated that the revenue forecast from China was S$18m in 2016 and
S$38.2m in 2017 (see [46(e)(i)] above). It was also stated in these documents
that S$1.5m was confirmed in Q3 2015. The plaintiffs take no issue with this
representation. In the 19 January 2016 E-mail, copies of the First China
Contract and the Second China Contract were provided by Mr Marcus Chua to Mr
Goh, who assisted Mr Yong with the due diligence on Healthstats International
(see [29] above). Mr Yong also admitted to having been given the two China
Contracts and to having read them. 338

##### Foot Note 338

×

Transcript (22 July 2021) at p 53 lines 11–17; Transcript (23 July 2021) at p
22 lines 9 to 21 and p 25 lines 5–7; Transcript (27 July 2021) at p 39 lines 5
to 11.

In the circumstances, he would have understood that when the defendants
presented the forecast of S$18m in 2016 and S$38.2m in 2017, these were
factually accurate, and the figures were derived from the two China Contracts.

201 In my view, the plaintiffs have failed to prove on a balance of
probabilities that the Revenue Representation was false. Under the Second
China Contract, which was dated 26 October 2015, Healthstats China was to
purchase S$14,555,000 worth of the BPro G2 and BPro G3 devices (and related
devices) from Healthstats International in 2016, and S$38,230,000 worth of
such devices in 2017 (see [22] above). As Mr Marcus Chua explained in the 19
January 2016 E-mail, the balance of S$3.5m of sales under the First China
Contract was expected to materialise in 2016. Therefore, the sum of S$18m
expected in 2016 comprised the balance of S$3.5m due under the First China
Contract and the S$14.5m due under the Second China Contract in 2016. 339

##### Foot Note 339

×

ABOD, Vol 6 at p 4283.

I agree with the defendants that the description of these sales as having been
“booked” or “forecast” indicates that these sales were not yet confirmed. 340

##### Foot Note 340

×

Defendants’ Opening Statement at paras 41–44, 48 and 50; BAEIC, Vol 4, Tab 13
(TCM) at para 41.

In contrast, the Executive Summary stated that S$1.5m of sales had been
“confirmed” in the third quarter of 2015, reflecting that Healthstats
International had received payment of S$1.5m from Healthstats China pursuant
to the First China Contract on 20 August 2015 (see [21] above). The word
“booked” was used in contradistinction to the word “confirmed”, indicating
that the sums of S$18m and S$38.2m had not yet been paid and that Healthstats
International’s production and delivery obligations under the Second China
Contract had not yet been performed. Further, the Financial Forecast Slides
clearly stated that these figures were part of Healthstats International’s
“Revenue Forecast”. 341

##### Foot Note 341

×

ABOD, Vol 2 at p 1008.

The plain meaning of the word “forecast” indicates that it was merely a
conjectural or provisional estimate of the likely revenue that Healthstats
International would be able to secure in 2016 and 2017. At the time the
Revenue Representation was made, the defendants had indeed arrived at such an
estimate based on the First China Contract and the Second China Contract.

202 Therefore, I find that the Revenue Representation was not a false
representation of fact.

(C) The Product Representation

203 The Product Representation, as pleaded by the plaintiffs, is that
Healthstats International was to launch the BPro G3 in the second quarter of
2016.

204 To recapitulate, as I have stated above in relation to the Revenue
Representation, the court in Tonny Permana emphasised that there is “a crucial
distinction between actionable misrepresentations and a future promise or
statement of intention” [emphasis in original]. A future promise or statement
of intention may manifest as a claim in breach of contract, but “[o]nly false
statements as to present fact can constitute the subject matter of a
misrepresentation claim” [emphasis added] (Tonny Permana at [183]). A
statement of intention can only constitute an actionable misrepresentation if
it is shown that, at the time it was made, the person who made it had no
intention of doing what he asserted he would do. In such a case, the relevant
misrepresentation would be a misrepresentation of that person’s state of mind
(Tan Chin Seng at [12]; HE & SF Properties at [97(a)]).

205 The plaintiffs submit that representations that contain statements of
future intention can still be actionable misrepresentations if, at the time
the representation was made, the maker of the statement had no intention
whatsoever to carry out the matters expressed in the statement. 342

##### Foot Note 342

×

PCS at para 295.

This was stated by the Court of Appeal in Deutsche Bank AG v Chang Tse Wen and
another appeal [2013] 4 SLR 886 (at [83]):

In so far as most of the alleged representations consisted of statements that
DB or Mr Wan “would” do something, the Judge viewed these as statements of
future intention. They were prima facie not statements of fact which could
ground a claim in misrepresentation. We would add that they might possibly be
construed as statements of the capability that could be placed at Dr Chang’s
service if he did engage DB as managers and advisors. It is true that a
statement of future intention can sometimes be re‑characterised as a
representation of fact. As Lewison J (as he then was) held in FoodCo UK LLP
(t/a Muffin Break) v Henry Boot Developments Limited [2010] EWHC 358 (Ch), a
statement of future intention might contain an implicit representation that
(at [198]):

(a) its maker had an honest belief in the statement;

(b) its maker had reasonable grounds to make the statement; or

(c) its maker had the present intention to carry out the matters expressed in
the statement.

…

[emphasis in original]

206 To this end, the plaintiffs submit that implicit in the Product
Representation is the representation that “Healthstats [International] had
developed (or was very close to finalizing the development) of a final
marketable version of the BPro G3 such that advanced orders could be secured”.
343

##### Foot Note 343

×

PCS at para 275.

This implicit representation is a statement of fact.

207 I first address the Product Representation as pleaded, which is that
Healthstats International “was to launch the BPro G3 in the second quarter of
2016” [emphasis added]. 344

##### Foot Note 344

×

SOC at para 16(ii)(j)(3).

In my view, it is clear that the Product Representation was not a statement as
to present fact at the time it was made, ie, during the period from October
2015 to February 2016. The defendants submit that the Product Representation
used language that expressed Healthstats International’s intentions with
regard to a future event, namely, to launch the BPro G3 in the second quarter
of 2016. 345

##### Foot Note 345

×

DCS at paras 108 and 109.

Further, the Executive Summary stated that the BPro G3 had a “target release
date in Q2/2016”. 346

##### Foot Note 346

×

ABOD, Vol 2, Tab 30 at p 1002.

The Product Representation, therefore, cannot constitute an actionable
misrepresentation unless the plaintiffs show that the defendants had no
intention for Healthstats International to launch the BPro G3 in the second
quarter of 2016.

208 Next, I turn to the plaintiffs’ argument that the Product Representation
contains an implicit representation that is a statement of fact. As the
defendants submit, it is for the plaintiffs to plead this implicit
representation with specificity at the outset. 347

##### Foot Note 347

×

DRS at paras 85–88.

The plaintiffs did not do so.

209 In any case, for the reasons below, the plaintiffs have not proven their
case based on the Product Representation as pleaded or the alleged implicit
representation.

210 The plaintiffs assert that Healthstats International never even developed
a working prototype of the BPro G3. 348

##### Foot Note 348

×

Plaintiffs’ Opening Statement at para 34.

The plaintiffs rely on the testimony of Mr Tey, Mr Koh and Mr Soh that they
had never seen a prototype of the BPro G3. However, the evidence given by
these witnesses does not assist the plaintiffs in showing that the defendants
or Healthstats International had no intention to launch the BPro G3 in the
second quarter of 2016.

211 First, Mr Tey stated in his affidavit of evidence-in-chief that he was
instructed to develop the firmware for the printed circuit board (“PCB”) of
the BPro G3 in late 2015. Firmware essentially refers to the software which is
to be embedded into the hardware. 349

##### Foot Note 349

×

Transcript (5 May 2021), p 97 at lines 2–6.

The PCB was a key component needed for the BPro G3 devices to work. However,
it was only one component of the BPro G3 devices and various other components
were required in order to create a working prototype of the BPro G3 (such as
the wrist sensor). Mr Tey said that the prototype PCB of the BPro G3 was
ordered on or around 1 December 2015 and arrived in February or March 2016,
and that he worked on preparing the firmware for the PCB of the BPro G3
thereafter. However, by mid-2016, they had ceased work on the BPro G3. He also
stated that to date, as far as he was aware, Healthstats International has not
made any marketable prototype of the BPro G3. 350

##### Foot Note 350

×

BAEIC, Vol 2, Tab 9 (TLT), pp 1634–1635 at paras 28–31 (read with paras 2–3).

During his cross-examination, Mr Tey clarified that by “marketable” he meant a
finished product that could be sold. 351

##### Foot Note 351

×

Transcript (5 May 2021), p 108 at paras 14–20.

212 Mr Tey’s evidence does not support the plaintiffs’ assertion that the
Product Representation was false. On the contrary, it shows that up until
mid-2016 (ie, after the Product Representation was allegedly made),
Healthstats International was in fact developing a prototype of the BPro G3.
Indeed, Mr Tey acknowledged during his cross-examination that the reason for
Healthstats International ceasing further development of the BPro G3 was that
he was instructed to shift his focus to the BPro G2 under the service-based
model. 352

##### Foot Note 352

×

Transcript (5 May 2021), p 106 at lines 16–20 and p 107 at lines 1–4 and
15–22.

As I have explained at [31] above, this service-based model was introduced by
Mr Soh after his appointment as the CEO of Healthstats International. Thus,
far from showing that the Product Representation was false at the time it was
made, Mr Tey’s evidence is consistent with the defendants’ position that
Healthstats International had initially intended to launch the BPro G3, with
the second quarter of the 2016 being the target date. To this end, at the time
the Product Representation was allegedly made, Healthstats International was
working on the prototype of the BPro G3. However, as a result of the change in
business model led by Mr Soh (as Mr Yong’s nominee), the development of the
BPro G3 ceased to be a priority for Healthstats International. 353

##### Foot Note 353

×

Defendants’ Opening Statement at para 75.

213 Next, the plaintiffs relied on Mr Koh’s evidence that he was “surprised”
that the Second China Contract contained orders for components of the BPro G3
as he was not aware that a working prototype of the BPro G3 existed. Mr Koh
stated that, although Healthstats International had been working on a
prototype of the BPro G3 from 2015 to 2016, it had never successfully
developed a working prototype. According to Mr Koh, if a working prototype of
the BPro G3 had indeed been developed, Healthstats International’s production
team (himself included) would have received instructions to begin producing
the components of the BPro G3 in preparation for any upcoming sales orders,
but no such instructions were forthcoming. 354

##### Foot Note 354

×

BAEIC, Vol 2, Tab 6 (KCH) at paras 15–16.

214 However, as I have noted at [173] above, Mr Koh’s job was only to act on
purchase orders and sales orders. Pursuant to cl 9.2.1 of the Second China
Contract, no purchase orders for the BPro G3 devices would have been placed
under this contract until the First China Contract was fully performed.
Therefore, the fact that Mr Koh was not instructed to prepare the components
of the BPro G3 does not suggest that Healthstats International had no
intention, at the time the Product Representation was allegedly made, of
launching the BPro G3 in the second quarter of 2016. Moreover, despite his
limited knowledge, Mr Koh nevertheless conceded on the witness stand that he
knew that the BPro G3 was being developed and that research and development
was being conducted for this product. 355

##### Foot Note 355

×

DCS at para 492; Transcript (5 May 2021) at p 72 lines 1–8.

This would thus lend support for an intention by Healthstats International to
launch the BPro G3 in the second quarter of 2016.

215 The plaintiffs also rely on Mr Soh’s testimony that he had never come
across any documents in relation to the production or manufacturing of any of
the components of the BPro G3, such as contracts, payment orders or invoices.
Like Mr Tey and Mr Koh, Mr Soh stated that there was no working prototype of
the BPro G3 at any time during his tenure with Healthstats International. 356

##### Foot Note 356

×

BAEIC, Vol 2, Tab 4 (JS) at paras 36–37.

However, Mr Soh’s evidence is similarly inconclusive. During Mr Soh’s cross-
examination, he accepted that Mr Tey’s evidence that he was working on the
prototype PCB of the BPro G3 in early 2016 was correct, and that he was simply
not aware of this at the time. 357

##### Foot Note 357

×

Transcript (17 May 2021), p 135 at lines 2–12.

Indeed, Mr Soh acknowledged that his own presentation to Healthstats
International’s board of directors in September 2016 indicated that the BPro
G3 “had always been the next thing that we [ie, Healthstats International]
were going to develop”. 358

##### Foot Note 358

×

BAEIC, Vol 2, Tab 4 (JS) at pp 1121 and 1125; Transcript (17 May 2021), p 138
at lines 20–25.

216 Dr Ting testified that Mr Yong had explained that the US market was more
lucrative than the China market. Regarding the US market, Healthstats
International obtained a “CPT” code and this enabled the medical practitioners
in the US to charge insurance companies on the usage of the BPro G2 devices by
their patients (the “CPT Code”). Hence, the implementation of the service
model in the US market would be more lucrative than to sell the BPro G2
devices to Healthstats China, which would be a one-time payment. Mr Yong
estimated that the potential revenue from the US market would be far more than
the Second China Contract. Thus, Mr Yong told Dr Ting to put the development
of the BPro G3 on hold and concentrate on the BPro G2. This is Dr Ting’s
testimony: 359

##### Foot Note 359

×

Transcript (2 August 2021) at p 13 line 11 to p 18 line 7.

Court: What does “CPT” stand for?

A: It's a code for reimbursement for the medical fee. When the patient in the
US see a doctor, almost all of them are covered with insurance, and you need
to code – this is a code to the – it's something like a code to Medisave
Singapore to claim money from the government.

Court: Yes.

A: So the doctor need to use this code. This is the event that leads to why
Mark asked us to can the G3, and that reason is very important. It's actually
here.

During the presentation –

Court: Mark told you to what, can the G3 –

A: To stop the G3 for the moment. And there’s a good reason for him to do
that, because he has – from his good business sense, he made the decision
after this presentation. I'd like to just explain this slide and take you
through the thought that why Mark did this.

CPT code is almost, is in every – in US itself when you see a doctor, every
time you see a doctor, finish, they will actually have a code to claim. Those
who have no insurance will have a big problem. So this money comes from the
government to the doctor. The doctor must know how to claim. Getting the right
code is important.

So on 1 January, which is just four days before this, the US announced –

…

Court: 1 January 2016?

A: 2016, yes. It’s written on point 2 of the –

Court: Yes.

A: The USA, the Medicare approve a code for the measurement of central aortic
pressure that is non-invasive. That means every time you measure, the doctor
can claim. So even if it's five minutes, the doctor who measure you can claim.
So that code became very important, because with that the doctor can now use
our CASPro.

At the same time, the code for ABPM, which is the next code, page 459, the CPT
code 93790, the ABPM code, and again at that time the reimbursement criteria
changed. So the moment you are diagnosed to be high, you can go and claim to
do an ABPM and claim for the money. So this became a very important route for
the income if we were to rule out – I mean, to install a lot of service model.

So what Mark had in mind, he explained to us, is if you look at the G3 in the
contract – in China contract, each one of the device, we are asking them for
$100. Actually, they are paying us $100. Our cost is about $47.

Court: Who is paying?

A: The Healthstats China, in the second contract. That's how you came up with
20 million.

The intention of the G3 was a subscription. That means the patient will
subscribe, yeah. But that subscription will not come to us because the tender
was won by Winsan, and we are like the supplier to the device. It's a one shot
and that's it, and the continuous income actually is going to Winsan, not to
Healthstats.

So if you were to compare this, if say you go to US, you will see that you can
put in – with this code now, you don't have to see a doctor. You can put them
in pharmacy, you can put them in the nurses' centre. And when you have this
code, the patient can then just – so one day – he calculated that one day, you
may do one 24-hour, which the code give rise to 55 to $300. But if you do a
central pressure, you can do six a day, easily come out to a few hundred
dollars. So that was why he said three things: one, "I will – my part, I will
contact Prof Brian William." Prof Brian William is a world expert and a
collaborator in my invention. Ask him to get a contact in US, key opinion
leader. Can he arrange to meet Joshua and the team when he go to US to
explore? Prof Brian William then wrote to Michael Weber – it's in my defence –
and then he contacted – and then got them involved.

The second part is Joshua, together with Charles, was supposed to go to US for
one month, to then go to the key opinion leaders to see if they can do a
feasibility study and a trial, getting ready that when we apply for FDA
approve, these device are already in, and central pressure we already approve,
so they can start with central pressure.

Court: What’s central pressure?

A: "CAP" stand for "central aortic pressure". CASPro.

Court: CASPro.

A: Yes. Sorry, sir. In fact, "CASPro" is a term coined by Prof Brian William
and I in our paper.

So what happened is that – that's how Joshua got the presentation later on,
and this forecast of 800 million he was showing to the team and Mark later on.
From this little exercise of installing the basis, you are able to get, on the
fifth year, up to 800 million recurring income, compared to a 20 million that
is a one-shot. He says it is better to go to US and set the team and the thing
in US.

And that's how it led to Dr Dan Fields, who was given devices on loan for a
trial. It was never a sales model. As a matter of fact, G2 could not have been
a sale – could not have been sold because, as your Honour understands, G2 need
to work with our server. So if there is no server in the country, you cannot
sell, you cannot work. The only place that we set up a server is in China. We
actually – Winsan asked our people, the DB9, the host server, to go there and
set up.

Court: So did Mr Yong tell you how he got his 800 million?

A: No, he tell us it is far more beneficial to go to this route than to just
concentrate on G3. These –

Court: No, no. 800 million per year –

A: 800 come from Joshua in his presentation. In his forecast, on the fifth
year, it's 800. On the third year, it's US 60 million. That's a basis for why
he come to this –

…

217 Mr Chua also testified that Mr Yong told him in January 2016 to put the
development of the BPro G3 on hold so that more resources could be diverted to
seeking FDA approval for the BPro G2. 360

##### Foot Note 360

×

Transcript (3 August 2021) p 103 line 8 to p 104 line 4 (Mr Chua).

218 The plaintiffs submit in response that it is inconceivable that the
defendants, as the directors of Healthstats International, would follow
instructions by Mr Yong to stop the development of the BPro G3. Such
instructions would lead to the loss of S$21m in revenue from the purported
advance orders of 210,000 units of the BPro G3 and would thus be “patently
absurd”. The plaintiffs also contend that there was no reason for the
defendants to follow such instructions given by Mr Yong, who was neither a
director nor a shareholder at the time. 361

##### Foot Note 361

×

PCS at para 322.

219 In my view, the defendants had reasonably explained why Mr Yong decided to
stop the development of the BPro G3. They explained the implications of the
CPT Code and Mr Yong added that it was commercially sound to shift Healthstats
International’s focus to the service model of the BPro G2. One of the reasons
for Mr Soh to be appointed as CEO of Healthstats International was to make
Healthstats International profitable. Mr Soh’s idea was to implement the
service model for the BPro G2. Thus, the service model was in line with Mr
Yong’s strategy and thinking.

220 I also accept the defendants’ explanation that they listened to Mr Yong
although he was merely a potential investor in Healthstats International and
not its director or shareholder at the time. At that stage, the defendants had
trusted Mr Yong to the extent that Dr Ting willingly stepped down as founding
CEO of Healthstats International to make way for Mr Soh, who was Mr Yong’s
chosen CEO for Healthstats International. This is because Mr Yong indicated to
the defendants that he would be a very substantial investor. Therefore, it is
plausible that the defendants had listened to Mr Yong’s instructions to stop
the development of the BPro G3. The plaintiffs cannot now perform a volte face
and allege that the defendants had misled Mr Yong in representing that the
development of a working prototype of the BPro G3 was completed in end-2015
and that the BPro G3 was to be launched in the second quarter of 2016.

221 In these circumstances, the plaintiffs’ claim that the Product
Representation was a false representation of fact is plainly unsustainable.
The finding that it was Mr Yong who directed the defendants to put the
development of the BPro G3 on hold weighs heavily in my analysis. Furthermore,
when the Subscription Agreement was signed in August 2016, Mr Yong must have
known that Healthstats International had not achieved its projected launch
date of sometime between April and June 2016 for BPro G3. Nevertheless, Mr
Yong told Ms Hwang to sign the Subscription Agreement. Therefore, Mr Yong did
not rely on the Product Representation when the Subscription Agreement was
signed.

(4) Conclusion on the Representation Requirement

222 In summary, I find that the plaintiffs have only satisfied the
Representation Requirement in respect of the Regulatory Representation. This
is one out of the three representations pleaded by the plaintiffs: the
Regulatory Representation, the Revenue Representation and the Product
Representation.

223 I briefly summarise my findings in this section.

224 The plaintiffs have shown that the Regulatory Representation was made (see
[103]–[121] above).

225 The plaintiffs would also need to show that the Representations were false
representations of fact. The Regulatory Representation was false in respect of
the BPro G2, but not in respect of the CasPro (see [128]–[156] above). The
plaintiffs have failed to show that the Revenue Representation and the Product
Representation were false:

(a) With regard to the Revenue Representation, the plaintiffs have not
succeeded in proving that the Second China Contract was a sham (see
[165]–[199] above). Further, the representation that Healthstats International
had “booked” S$18m of sales for 2016 and S$38.2m for 2017 was also not false
(see [200]–[202] above).

(b) With regard to the Product Representation, the representation that
Healthstats International was to launch the BPro G3 in the second quarter of
2016 was a statement of intention and not a statement as to present fact.
Therefore, it would only constitute an actionable misrepresentation if the
defendants had no intention for Healthstats International to launch the BPro
G3 in the second quarter of 2016. However, the evidence adduced by the
plaintiffs provides no support for this contention. As regards the plaintiffs’
argument that the Product Representation contains an implicit representation
that is a statement of fact, this was not pleaded with specificity and there
was insufficient evidence to support this argument in any case. Crucially, Mr
Yong himself had directed the defendants to put the development of the BPro G3
on hold (see [203]–[221] above).

226 Hence, on the facts, only the Regulatory Representation has satisfied the
Representation Requirement. It follows that the next inquiry concerns whether
the Regulatory Representation satisfies the Reliance Requirement.

Whether the Reliance Requirement is satisfied

(1) The applicable law

227 In both fraudulent and negligent misrepresentation, the Reliance
Requirement necessitates that the misrepresentation must have played a “real
and substantial” role in inducing the representee to act, though it need not
be the sole or decisive factor (Panatron at [23]; Fong Maun Yee and another v
Yoong Weng Ho Robert [1997] 1 SLR(R) 751 at [52]; and Ma Hongjin at [64]).
Reliance may be inferred from the materiality of a representation where the
natural and probable result of the representation is to induce the representee
to act as he did (Raiffeisen Zentralbank Osterreich AG v Archer Daniels
Midland Co and others [2007] 1 SLR(R) 196 at [56]; Ma Hongjin at [64]).

228 As the Court of Appeal explained in Jurong Town Corp v Wishing Star Ltd
[2005] 3 SLR(R) 283 (“Wishing Star”) (at [114]):

… A person who has made a false representation cannot escape its consequences
just because the innocent party has made his own inquiry or due diligence,
unless the innocent party has come to learn of the misrepresentation before
entering into the contract or does not rely on the misrepresentation when
entering into the contract. …

[emphasis added]

This principle applies regardless of whether the due diligence is conducted by
the representee himself or by his agents (Wishing Star at [114]). Thus, so
long as it is proved that the representee was induced by the representations,
it is no defence that the representee failed to exercise reasonable diligence
to discover the falsity of the statements (Panatron at [24]).

229 Further, the representee’s expertise and experience do not necessarily
mean that he was not induced by the representation. In Wishing Star, the trial
judge had found that the representees – Jurong Town Corporation and its
consultant, Jurong Consultants Pte Ltd – were “not unschooled and
inexperienced parties” (see Wishing Star at [115]). Similarly, in Panatron,
the representees were both “knowledgeable and experienced businessmen” who
“undoubtedly … must have made their own evaluation of the prospects of
investing” in the company of which the representor was the managing director
(Panatron at [20] and [24]). Nevertheless, in both cases, it was found that
the representees had relied partly on their own knowledge and expertise and
partly on the representor’s representations. On that basis, the Court of
Appeal found that the Reliance Requirement had been satisfied (see Wishing
Star at [117]–[118] and Panatron at [20] and [24]).

(2) My findings

230 The plaintiffs’ alleged reliance on the Representations, and consequent
damage suffered, takes two forms:

(a) First, the Loans amounting to S$2.5m which Mr Yong and Ms Hwang extended
to Healthstats International from January to July 2016.

(b) Second, Ms Hwang entered into the Subscription Agreement on 12 August 2016
at a Subscription Consideration of S$5m (with the Net Subscription
Consideration of S$2.5m being paid by Ms Hwang through Medivice in September
2016).

231 To satisfy the Reliance Requirement, the plaintiffs must show that the
Representations played a real and substantial role in inducing the plaintiffs
to make the Loans and enter into the Subscription Agreement. As the primary
focus of the plaintiffs’ case is on the Subscription Agreement, I shall
consider the Subscription Agreement and the Loans in turn.

(A) Mr Yong’s cautiousness despite his friendship with Dr Ting

232 A fundamental part of the plaintiffs’ case is their claim that Mr Yong
reposed a great degree of trust in Dr Ting. 362

##### Foot Note 362

×

PRS at para 40.

Due to this trust, the plaintiffs claim that Mr Yong relied heavily on the
Representations. It is, therefore, apposite to first address whether this was
indeed the case.

233 I find that Mr Yong was very careful and cautious in his decision to
invest in Healthstats International although Dr Ting was his personal
physician and trusted friend. Notwithstanding the good and long friendship
that he had with Dr Ting, Mr Yong did not allow that to cloud his business
decision on whether to invest in Healthstats International.

(I) The due diligence exercise

234 To begin with, the defendants gave Mr Yong several comprehensive
presentations on Healthstats International and the medical devices,
particularly the BPro devices and the CasPro devices. There were also several
meetings between the plaintiffs and the defendants.

235 Mr Yong, being a savvy and experienced businessman and a careful investor,
also commissioned a thorough and comprehensive due diligence exercise on
Healthstats International which cost more than S$300,000. 363

##### Foot Note 363

×

Transcript (27 July 2021) at p 37 lines 10–16.

He also sought the assistance of his friend, Mr Sheng, a lawyer in Shanghai,
to conduct informal due diligence on Winsan, Healthstats China and the two
China Contracts. 364

##### Foot Note 364

×

BAEIC, Vol 1, Tab 1 (YKYM) at paras 45–46.

(II) Mr Soh’s appointment as CEO of Healthstats International

236 In addition, Mr Yong sought the concurrence of the defendants to appoint
Mr Soh, a family friend, as the CEO of Healthstats International from March
2016 to April 2017. In reality, Mr Soh was in Healthstats International before
March 2016. Prior to March 2016, Dr Ting was the CEO of Healthstats
International. According to Mr Yong, the purpose of appointing Mr Soh as the
CEO of Healthstats International was to make it profitable. 365

##### Foot Note 365

×

Transcript (22 July 2021) at p 55 lines 11–25; Transcript (23 July 2021) at p
68 lines 4 to 24; Transcript (27 July 2021) at p 40 line 23 to p 41 line 6.

At the same time, with Mr Soh as the CEO of Healthstats International, he
could also assist in the due diligence exercise tremendously. The remuneration
of Mr Soh was not paid by Healthstats International but by Uncharted Holdings,
one of Mr Yong’s investment vehicles, as the employment contract was between
Mr Soh and Uncharted Holdings. Therefore, before Mr Yong decided to make his
investment in Healthstats International, he procured an independent and
objective due diligence exercise and appointed his nominee CEO to helm
Healthstats International.

237 At the trial, Mr Yong initially sought to downplay Mr Soh’s role as CEO,
testifying that his role was merely to increase sales and that Dr Ting
retained control over the finance department of Healthstats International. 366

##### Foot Note 366

×

Transcript (23 July 2021) at p 68 lines 4–24.

The plaintiffs also submit that Mr Soh had repeatedly said he was not involved
in the due diligence exercise.

238 However, the e-mail exchanges clearly showed that Mr Soh was also involved
and had assisted in the due diligence exercise. On 7 April 2016, Mr Salas
wrote an e-mail that was addressed to, inter alios, Mr Soh, as follows: 367

##### Foot Note 367

×

ABOD, Vol 6 at pp 4298–4299.

Dear all

We have commissioned DLA Piper a Global Firm to conduct a very specific due
diligence on the Intellectual Property (patents) of Healthstats and also on
the administrative authorisations that are required (such as FDA in USA). They
have come up with the enclosed draft report.

Initially I have made the report available to Joshua for his preliminary
review on some areas that could impact the future commercial model. Joshua has
also discussed with Marcus Chua with respect to some concerns raised in the
report with respect to registrations in UK, Japan and China.

…

As such, the first concern is that raised by Joshua and Marcus to the reports
findings in Japan, UK and China. To which Joshua has indicated that Marcus has
provided him with the enclosed document that summarises matters.

…

Marcus/Joshua: If you can please specify what is the concern in the report
that you have seen and which the enclosed document should address so that
Claire may review and determine if the report needs to be amended.

[emphasis added]

Mr Soh replied to this e-mail by Mr Salas on 7 April 2016, stating: 368

##### Foot Note 368

×

ABOD, Vol 8 at p 4298.

Dear Carlos,

Thanks for your email.

A point of clarification, the Mr Chua I mentioned refers to our CTO, NH Chua.
I’ve placed him on copy as well.

Thanks.

On 8 April 2016, Mr Marcus Chua sent an e-mail to Mr Soh, Dr Ting and Mr Chua,
which states as follows: 369

##### Foot Note 369

×

ABOD, Vol 8 at p 4300.

Dear Josh, Doc, NH,

• …

• DUE D report dated 14 March – more information was supplied on 16 March
which was lacking in the report, thus the gap.

• HealthSTATS replies have been directly inserted into 3 noted areas: (1)
Regulatory Issues; (2) Patents & (3) Further Enquiries – Regulatory Matters

• …

• Do review and let me know further instructions.

[emphasis added]

On 12 April 2016, Mr Marcus Chua sent an e-mail to Mr Salas in reply to the
e-mail sent by Mr Salas on 7 April 2016 (stated above). This e-mail states as
follows: 370

##### Foot Note 370

×

ABOD, Vol 7 at p 4310.

Dear Carlos,

Our replies on behalf of Joshua.

What we have done was to cut and paste the 3 critical areas being (1)
Regulatory Issues; (2) Patents & (3) Further Enquiries – Regulatory Matters.

HealthSTATS replies have been directly inserted following the “Action” row and
are titled “HealthSTATS reply”.

…

[emphasis added]

From the above e-mails, it is clear that Mr Soh was not only copied in the
e-mail correspondence regarding the due diligence exercise but had also
actively participated in reviewing the due diligence report.

239 Moreover, it is difficult to believe that Mr Soh was not involved in the
due diligence exercise when he was appointed by Mr Yong as the CEO of
Healthstats International, and Mr Yong wanted the due diligence to be
conducted to safeguard his investment. Thus, it is incredible for Mr Yong to
assert that Mr Soh was not involved in the due diligence process. Eventually,
Mr Yong conceded that Mr Soh’s role was not limited to sales and was much
greater, including but not limited to overseeing Healthstats International’s
accounts and payroll as CEO. 371

##### Foot Note 371

×

Transcript (23 July 2021) at p 122 line 16 to p 123 line 8.

Indeed, Mr Soh’s wide-ranging duties as CEO can be gleaned from the CEO’s
“Description of Services” under Annexure A of the Master Consultancy Agreement
with Uncharted Holdings: 372

##### Foot Note 372

×

ABOD, Vol 1 at p 431.

The CEO shall

• devote the whole of his time, attention and skills to the duties of his
office;

• faithfully and diligently perform such duties and exercise such powers as
may from time to time be assigned to or vested in him;

• abide by the Memorandum and Articles of Association of HealthSTATS
International Pte Ltd and obey all reasonable and lawful directions given to
him by or under the authority of the Board of Directors of HealthSTATS
International Pte Ltd;

• use his best endeavours to promote the interests of HealthSTATS
International Pte Ltd and it’s associated companies;

• report to the Chairman and Directors of the Board of HealthSTATS
International Pte Ltd;

• In particular, but without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, the
CEO shall as part of his duties:

o chart the strategic direction of the HealthSTATS International Pte Ltd and
ensure the vision and long‐term objectives are met while drawing up short-term
goals in order to deliver those objectives;

o o perform an overall executive management and operational role in the
implementation of HealthSTATS International Pte Ltd’s business and R&D plans;

o lead the core leadership team of HealthSTATS International Pte Ltd;

o identify and hire strong leaders to grow the leadership team;

o account to shareholders for the performance of HealthSTATS International Pte
Ltd and increase shareholder value by constructively expanding and enhancing
HealthSTATS International Pte Ltd and its business;

o Serve as the spokesperson for HealthSTATS International Pte Ltd in dealing
with and liaising with Governments, Government Officials and all media
channels.

[emphasis added]

Furthermore, when Mr Soh was appointed as CEO, he brought in three of his own
staff to fill senior positions in Healthstats International. These were Mr
Steven Ng Choon Keong as Research and Development Manager, Ms June Tan Yuet
Mei as Operations Director/ Human Resource and Mr Ryan Ng Yeow Teck as
Marketing, Communication and Alliance Director. 373

##### Foot Note 373

×

BAEIC, Vol 4, Tab 13 (TCM) at para 11(4).

Therefore, Mr Soh would have had a very good feel of the affairs of
Healthstats International. Mr Soh was also appointed to Healthstats
International’s board of directors in 2016. 374

##### Foot Note 374

×

DCS at p 13, “Other notable people”, point 3.

Dr Ting testified that he candidly bared Healthstats International to Mr Yong
and his team, especially when the due diligence exercise was conducted. 375

##### Foot Note 375

×

Transcript (28 July 2021) at p 115 lines 12–21.

240 Accordingly, I find that Mr Soh was able to oversee virtually all matters
in Healthstats International as its CEO and to report any matters of interest
to Mr Yong. Hence, it was very difficult for the defendants to conceal any
important matters in Healthstats International from the large due diligence
teams, comprising three entities, and Mr Soh and his hand-picked staff. It
would a fortiori be very difficult for the defendants to hide any adverse
matters from Mr Soh or to perpetuate any fraud on the plaintiffs. Mr Soh,
therefore, must have had actual knowledge of the regulatory status of
Healthstats International’s devices, including the BPro G2 and the CasPro. 376

##### Foot Note 376

×

DRS at para 30.

(III) Mr Yong’s conduct

241 I also consider the above evidence with the fact that Mr Yong had
originally intended to invest in Healthstats International by buying shares
from the existing shareholders through the Sale and Purchase Agreement.
However, he decided not to go ahead with the Sale and Purchase Agreement as
the due diligence reports were unsatisfactory. Mr Yong’s e-mail to Dr Ting
explained that “we are not comfortable with China Company and feel that the
China company is not sound and may lead to future complication for Healthstats
China and as China is a big market, and if the China company does not perform
or liquidates, then the Valuation we would have paid for Healthstats
Spore(holding Co) would be grossly over valued” (see [37] above).

242 Given the unsatisfactory due diligence reports, one would have thought Mr
Yong would not be interested in investing in Healthstats International at all.
But Mr Yong continued to grant loans of various sums amounting to about S$2.5m
to Healthstats International from January to July 2016. Nevertheless, prior to
the signing of the Subscription Agreement, Mr Yong proposed further
transactions such as a convertible bond and a share swap with Success Dragon
shares. Mr Yong then continued to invest, albeit a smaller sum, in Healthstats
International by way of the Subscription Agreement instead of the Sale and
Purchase Agreement. After the Subscription Agreement was signed, Mr Yong was
also active in looking for investors into Healthstats International in 2017,
and had indeed brought in an investor.

243 In light of the above, I find that Mr Yong had independently assessed the
investment and was satisfied that Healthstats International had potential for
growth. Hence, despite the risks indicated in the due diligence reports, Mr
Yong was nevertheless enthusiastic about investing in Healthstats
International. Also, any false representation by the defendants would have
been discovered by the comprehensive and vigilant due diligence exercise and
by Mr Soh and his hand-picked staff during the relevant period. Thus, Mr
Yong’s decision to invest in Healthstats International could not have been due
to any Representations made by the defendants.

244 When analysing the issues below, I shall refer to the above analysis and
elaborate where it is necessary.

(B) The Subscription Agreement

(I) The Regulatory Representation

(a) The due diligence reports and Mr Soh’s oversight of Healthstats
International

245 It is not disputed that Mr Salas, who is a lawyer by training, on the
instruction of Mr Yong, engaged DLA Piper, KPMG and Baker & McKenzie to
prepare three separate due diligence reports on Healthstats International
between March and April 2016, for the purpose of Uncharted Holdings’ proposed
investment in Healthstats International. 377

##### Foot Note 377

×

BAEIC, Vol 2, Tab 3 (CS) at para 11.

246 One such report is the DLA Piper Report, which provided due diligence on
the status of the regulatory approvals that had been obtained by Healthstats
International in various jurisdictions, including the US, the EU and China.
378

##### Foot Note 378

×

ABOD, Vol 11 at p 7659.

247 I pause here to deal with the plaintiffs’ strong reliance on the
proposition in Wishing Star (see [228] above) to argue that the defendants
cannot assert that the plaintiffs did not rely on the Regulatory
Representation simply because Uncharted Holdings engaged DLA Piper to conduct
a due diligence exercise on the regulatory approvals obtained by Healthstats
International. 379

##### Foot Note 379

×

PCS at para 249.

I accept the legal pronouncements in Wishing Star. The plaintiffs also
acknowledge that, applying the proposition in Wishing Star, “[t]he
[d]efendants must establish that through the due diligence process, the
[p]laintiffs in fact knew that the BPro G2 did not have FDA or CFDA approval,
and that despite being aware of this, proceeded with the investment in
Healthstats [International]”. 380

##### Foot Note 380

×

PCS at para 249.

The defendants, indeed, have established this precise state of affairs.

248 I now turn to the DLA Piper Report. In particular, under the heading “Key
Issues, Recommended Next Steps and Further Inquiries”, the DLA Piper Report
stated: 381

##### Foot Note 381

×

ABOD, Vol 11 at p 7663.

2.1 We have set out below a summary of the key legal issues arising from our
Review, along with suggested actions that could be taken to address these
matters and also recommended further enquiries to make to move forward with
the Transaction. …

…

Issue 1: Target [ie, Healthstats International]’s regulatory approvals – in
general

Action: We recommend that you satisfy yourself that the products described in
the regulatory approvals reflect the products as sold by the Target. As a
minimum, we recommend that you seek appropriate protection in the transaction
agreements (including warranties and indemnities) in relation to this.

For the USA, the Target should confirm the “510(k) number” under which each of
the three devices listed in the HS Product Regulatory Document is currently
marketed.

[emphasis added]

A 510(k) number signified that the product had been granted FDA approval. 382

##### Foot Note 382

×

BAEIC, Vol 8, Tab 16 (Affidavit of Stephen H Gorski (“SHG”) at para 8.

The plaintiffs accept that Healthstats International disclosed during the due
diligence process that a 510(k) number, K060315, was obtained. 383

##### Foot Note 383

×

PCS at para 250.

As I shall elaborate later (see [250] below), this number corresponds to the
BPro G1 and not the BPro G2.

249 Further, under the same heading, the DLA Piper Report goes on to state:
384

##### Foot Note 384

×

ABOD, Vol 11 at pp 7666–7667.

2.2 In addition to the further enquiries noted in the recommended actions
above, we recommend making the following further enquiries on the regulatory
side:

…

Enquiry 2: Target's continued development of products

Comment: Products produced should conform to the specifications on file with
the regulatory authorities, and any design or material changes that have been
made to the product over time should have been evaluated by the Target’s
quality and regulatory personnel to determine whether the changes triggered
the need for a new regulatory approval.

Action: We suggest at a minimum inquiring whether the target has policies and
procedures in place to ensure that changes made were within the boundaries of
the regulatory approvals.

[emphasis added in italics]

This section of the DLA Piper Report thus indicates that one cannot assume
that just because the BPro G1 had obtained FDA approval, this FDA approval
also applied to Healthstats International’s products that were based on the
changes made to the BPro G1. In other words, the DLA Piper Report specifically
cautioned that it was unknown as to whether regulatory approval had been
obtained for products like the BPro G2.

250 In light of the issues raised in the DLA Piper Report, Mr Salas wrote to
Mr Marcus Chua on 16 March 2016 to seek further information. 385

##### Foot Note 385

×

BAEIC, Vol 2, Tab 3 (CS) at para 15.

In his reply on the same day, Mr Marcus Chua disclosed that Healthstats
International had only obtained eight FDA approvals: 386

##### Foot Note 386

×

ABOD, Vol 11 at p 7328.

…

3\. We have identified a number of 501(k) approvals with the FDA. Please could
you confirm the “501(k) number” under which each of the three devices listed
in the HS Product Regulatory Document is currently marketed (i.e. the current
approvals; we presume the others have been superseded).

• [Mr Marcus Chua:] Please find the info below, I hope these are numbers the
lawyers are referring to

| FDA (510K)  
---|---  
CASPro| K101002  
BPro| K060315  
CASPal| K101002  
A-Pulse| K072593  
MC3100| K051546  
CASPal+| K131788  
MC3100+| K131788  
BProSOft 24 hour CASP| K131916  
  
…

[emphasis added in italics and in grey table cells]

As can be seen from the above, this list of FDA approvals included only the
510(k) number, K060315, for the “BPro”. The “BPro” here must have referred to
only the BPro G1 and I shall explain below.

251 Next, the defendants submit that the plaintiffs knew that the “BPro”
referred to the BPro G1. To begin with, the plaintiffs’ pleadings reveal that
they knew that the BPro G1 was invented in 2006: they state in their statement
of claim that “[i]n or around 2006, Dr Ting had invented the BPro G1” and that
“[t]he BPro G2 was developed in 2012/2013”. 387

##### Foot Note 387

×

SOC at paras 16(ii)(h)(1) and 16(ii)(h)(3).

Next, the DLA Piper Report refers to the “HealthSTATS BPro® Ambulatory Blood
Pressure Monitoring System (2006)” under cl 4.1.1.2: 388

##### Foot Note 388

×

BAEIC, Vol 1, Tab 1 (YKYM), p 312 at cl 4.1.1.2.

4\. USA

4.1 Accuracy and completeness

4.1.1 Based on publicly available records, we can confirm that there are
510(k) clearances issued by the U.S. Food & Drug Administration (FDA) to the
Target [ie, Healthstats International] for the following products, listed
according to the precise trade names on the FDA clearance letters:

…

4.1.1.2 HealthSTATS BPro® Ambulatory Blood

Pressure Monitoring System (2006);

…

The reference to “HealthSTATS BPro® Ambulatory Blood Pressure Monitoring
System (2006)” shows that the reference is to a BPro device made in 2006.
Hence, after the plaintiffs reviewed the DLA Piper Report, they would have
known that the reference to “BPro” could only refer to this “HealthSTATS BPro®
Ambulatory Blood Pressure Monitoring System (2006)”, which in turn refers to
the BPro G1. 389

##### Foot Note 389

×

DCS at paras 401 and 405.

Furthermore, Mr Gorski testified that the list of FDA approvals that
Healthstats International had only included the 510(k) number for the BPro G1.
390

##### Foot Note 390

×

BAEIC, Vol 8, Tab 16 (SHG) at para 6 and p 15.

There was no 510(k) number listed for the BPro G2. 391

##### Foot Note 391

×

ABOD, Vol 11 at pp 7327–7328.

Hence, the reference to “BPro” must be to the BPro G1.

252 While the due diligence process was ongoing, Mr Salas and Mr Soh would
provide Mr Yong with updates. 392

##### Foot Note 392

×

BAEIC, Vol 1, Tab 1 (YKYM) at para 68; Transcript (26 July 2021) at p 25 lines
4 to 10.

In fact, besides the three professional entities that were paid to conduct the
due diligence exercise, Mr Yong had a team of at least four people to assist
him to conduct due diligence: Mr Salas, Mr Soh, Mr Goh and Mr Patrick Wong,
who worked for Uncharted Holdings. 393

##### Foot Note 393

×

Transcript (27 July 2021) at p 37 line 17 to p 38 line 16.

Sometime in March 2016, Mr Yong was informed by Mr Salas that the DLA Piper
Report had flagged several issues. This is corroborated by Mr Salas’s e-mail
update to Mr Yong on 11 April 2016, which indicated that the issues raised in
the DLA Piper Report had “already [been] highlighted” to Mr Yong. 394

##### Foot Note 394

×

ABOD, Vol 2 at p 712.

At trial, Mr Yong confirmed that Mr Salas would send him e-mails regarding the
due diligence process. 395

##### Foot Note 395

×

Transcript (23 July 2021) at p 98 line 24 to p 99 line 7.

Mr Soh also testified that he spoke to Mr Yong to inform him that no FDA
approval had been obtained for the BPro G2, 396

##### Foot Note 396

×

Transcript (17 May 2021) at p 112 lines 17–21.

and Mr Yong’s testimony corroborates this. 397

##### Foot Note 397

×

Transcript (23 July 2021) at p 102 line 13 to p 103 line 19; p 106 line 1 to p
107 line 22.

253 Furthermore, as I have stated earlier (see [236]–[237] above), Mr Soh was
the CEO of Healthstats International from March 2016 to April 2017. He was
involved in the affairs of Healthstats International even earlier than March
2016. I also found that Mr Soh was able to oversee virtually all matters in
Healthstats International as its CEO and to report any matters of interest to
Mr Yong, so it was very difficult for the defendants to conceal any adverse
matters in Healthstats International, including the adverse findings from the
due diligence exercise. On top of this, Mr Soh was tasked with “flooding the
market” with the BPro G2 and his main focus was the US market. 398

##### Foot Note 398

×

DCS at para 43; Transcript (17 May 2021) at p 29 line 16 to p 30 line 3; p 101
line 23 to p 102 line 4.

In order for him to do so, Mr Soh must have had thorough knowledge of the
regulatory status of the BPro G2, otherwise Healthstats International could
not market the BPro G2 in the US. He would then have informed Mr Yong
immediately that the BPro G2 did not have FDA approval.

254 It is important to note that there is no evidence to suggest that, when Mr
Soh was the CEO of Healthstats International, his leadership or authority was
in any way restricted or curtailed by the defendants. On the contrary, the
defendants acknowledged Mr Soh as the CEO and they gave him full access to the
management of Healthstats International. The defendants also fully supported
Mr Soh.

255 In view of the above, the strong inference that can be drawn from these
facts is that Mr Yong must have been informed of the regulatory approval
status of Healthstats International’s products by April 2016. This includes
both FDA and CFDA approvals as the US and China were the primary markets that
Mr Yong and Mr Soh were very keen to sell Healthstats International’s products
in. Mr Yong agreed with the defendants’ counsel that “[a]nything that, say,
you did not get regulatory approval for the G2 [ie, BPro G2] would show up in
the due diligence process”. 399

##### Foot Note 399

×

Transcript (23 July 2021) at p 62 lines 9–13.

I place much weight on (a) the fact that Mr Yong had arranged for a dedicated
team of at least three entities to assist him in conducting due diligence; (b)
the DLA Piper Report and the e-mail communications between Mr Marcus Chua, Mr
Salas and Mr Yong outlined above; and (c) Mr Soh’s deep involvement as CEO of
Healthstats International during the important period before the Subscription
Agreement was signed in August 2016.

256 Next, I examine whether Mr Yong was concerned about the lack of FDA or
CFDA approval for the BPro G2, after being so informed.

257 I first consider Mr Yong’s allegation that he was only concerned with the
“big picture” of the investment into Healthstats International and that he
only focused on the patents and whether the two China Contracts could be
fulfilled. 400

##### Foot Note 400

×

Transcript (26 July 2021) at p 85 line 22 to p 86 line 3.

Yet, the regulatory aspects of Healthstats International’s medical devices,
particularly the BPro G2 and BPro G3, must have been Mr Yong’s important
consideration as these would affect the performance of the two China
Contracts. In court, he admitted to relying on his team to flag out the
findings of the due diligence reports to him. 401

##### Foot Note 401

×

Transcript (26 July 2021) at p 24 line 19 to p 25 line 10.

258 I next consider the DLA Piper Report which explicitly advised that further
inquiry is required to ascertain if other products by Healthstats
International had obtained regulatory approval, especially if changes were
made to the BPro G1. In this regard, Mr Yong asserts that he trusted Dr Ting,
who told him that the changes between the BPro G1 and the BPro G2 were “very
small” and that the BPro G2 had FDA approval. 402

##### Foot Note 402

×

Transcript (26 July 2021) at p 34 lines 11–25; p 35 lines 23–25.

Nevertheless, it must be noted that by April 2016, Mr Yong’s professional team
would have completed the due diligence exercise. As I have stated above, Mr
Yong alleges that he relied on the written documents to establish that the
defendants had misrepresented to him that the BPro G2 had FDA and worldwide
regulatory approvals (see [115] and [139] above). Mr Yong said that the
Regulatory Representation was a very important factor to him. Hence, in view
of the DLA Piper Report which indicated that only the BPro G1 had FDA
approval, he would have checked with Mr Soh, who was then the CEO of
Healthstats International, by around April 2016. Mr Soh would have known by
then that the final version of the BPro G2 did not have FDA and worldwide
regulatory approvals. Thus, notwithstanding the documentary evidence presented
by the defendants which suggested that the final version of the BPro G2 had
FDA and worldwide approvals, the due diligence process would have disclosed
that the final version of the BPro G2 did not have regulatory approvals. Mr
Yong was shown the prototype BPro G2 with the cap and Mr Chua told him FDA
approval was not required. This was well before the Subscription Agreement was
signed in August 2016.

259 From the above analysis, in 2015 and 2016, the economic potentials of the
final version of the BPro G2, ie, the intellectual property rights, and the
accounts were very important to Mr Yong. That was what he told Mr Salas to
focus on. Mr Salas stated in his e-mail to Mr Goh that “… Mark [ie, Mr Yong]
had said that he did not care about anything except accounts and IP”. 403

##### Foot Note 403

×

ABOD, Vol 9 at p 6107.

When Dr Ting told Mr Yong that BPro G2 did not have regulatory approval, Mr
Yong said to get the device approved. Thus, the Regulatory Representation was
not an important consideration to him when he decided to invest in Healthstats
International as he knew that it would not be an issue to apply for regulatory
approvals.

260 Hence, the present situation is one where the due diligence exercise and
the surrounding circumstances show that Mr Yong did in fact have knowledge of
the BPro G2’s lack of FDA approval, but nevertheless decided to proceed with
the investment in Healthstats International. Thus, the case of Wishing Star
does not operate to bar the court from examining the significance of the due
diligence exercise in Mr Yong’s reliance on the Regulatory Representation. The
evidence, therefore, strongly suggests that the Regulatory Representation did
not play a “real and substantial role” in inducing the plaintiffs to enter
into the Subscription Agreement (see [227] above).

(b) The proposed convertible bond and Proposed Share Swap

261 I now turn to the events after Mr Yong and his team became aware of the
adverse due diligence report findings but before Ms Hwang entered into the
Subscription Agreement. This is the period between April and August 2016.

262 On 25 April 2016, Uncharted Holdings stated in its Notice of Termination
that it did not intend to proceed with the completion of the Sale and Purchase
Agreement (see [34] above). Had this agreement been concluded, the Uncharted
Group’s investment in Healthstats International would have been around S$27m
(see [28] above).

263 Nevertheless, Mr Yong made two subsequent substantial investment offers to
Dr Ting after this failed deal. At the trial, Mr Yong testified that it was
his idea to make these offers at that time. 404

##### Foot Note 404

×

Transcript (27 July 2021) at p 46 lines 22–25.

264 The first offer was for a convertible bond from Success Dragon. The terms
of this proposal were sent in an e-mail by Mr Goh to Dr Ting on 21 July 2016,
in which Mr Yong and Mr Salas were copied. The material terms are as follows:
405

##### Foot Note 405

×

ABOD, Vol 11 at p 7881.

Share purchase for HealthSTATS Pte Ltd

The Valuation

HealthSTATS International Pte Ltd to be valued at $50 million SGD. Which is
equivalent to $285 miliion [sic] HKD

The Offer

To offer 250M fully paid Convertible Bond from Success Dragon International
Holdings Limited (HKSE:1182), at HKD0.52 cents per share with total Value of
HKD130M in-exchange for 45.6% of HealthSTATS International Pte Ltd

…

[emphasis in original in bold]

From the above terms, the value of all of Healthstats International’s shares
was S$50m or HK$285m at that time. Mr Yong confirmed this at the trial. 406

##### Foot Note 406

×

Transcript (27 July 2021) at p 47 lines 6–18.

By simple arithmetic, 45.6% of Healthstats International’s shares would have
been worth (HK$285m / 100 * 45.6) = HK$129.96m. Hence, HK$129.96m worth of
Healthstats International’s shares were to be swapped for a fully paid
convertible bond from Success Dragon worth HK$130m or about S$22.8m (using
HK$285m = S$50m as the exchange rate). In other words, this offer was for an
exchange of equivalent value.

265 The second offer was the Proposed Share Swap. This offer was sent in a
subsequent e-mail by Mr Goh to Dr Ting on 21 July 2016, in which Mr Yong and
Mr Salas were copied. The material terms are as follows: 407

##### Foot Note 407

×

ABOD, Vol 11 at p 7884.

Share purchase for HealthSTATS Pte Ltd

The Valuation

HealthSTATS International Pte Ltd to be valued at $50 million SGD. Which is
equivalent to $285 miliion [sic] HKD.

The Offer

To offer 250M of ordinary shares of Success Dragon International Holdings
Limited (HKSE:1182), at HKD0.52 cents per share with total Value of HKD130M
in-exchange for 45.6% of HealthSTATS International Pte Ltd

…

[emphasis in original in bold]

Following the same calculation above using the same parameters (see [264]
above), 45.6% of Healthstats International’s shares were valued at HK$129.96m
and was to be swapped for HK$130m (or about S$22.8m) worth of Success Dragon’s
shares. Hence, the Proposed Share Swap was also for an exchange of equivalent
value.

266 Mr Yong testified that after the aborted purchase of Healthstats
International by Uncharted Holdings, Dr Ting faced a lot of pressure from his
shareholders. Hence, Mr Yong proposed these two offers to provide the
shareholders with an option to exit Healthstats International. Ultimately,
however, these offers were not accepted by the shareholders of Healthstats
International. 408

##### Foot Note 408

×

Transcript (27 July 2021) at p 48 line 10 to p 49 line 22.

267 The above two offers came after the aborted purchase of Healthstats
International’s shares by Uncharted Holdings, which was worth about S$27m. The
purchase was called off either because of the adverse due diligence findings
or Mr Yong’s concerns about Winsan’s financial situation (see [34]–[39]
above). Yet, Mr Yong was willing to make two subsequent offers of about
S$22.8m barely three months later.

268 On top of these two offers, when the Sale and Purchase Agreement was
discussed, Mr Yong testified that he was concurrently discussing the
Subscription Agreement with the defendants. 409

##### Foot Note 409

×

Transcript (27 July 2021) at p 45 lines 16–23.

To recapitulate, the Subscription Agreement was worth S$5m with the potential
to increase a further investment of an additional S$4,878,950 by way of the
Call and Put Options (see [42(b)] above). These options were inserted on Mr
Yong’s instructions when he engaged his lawyer to draft the Subscription
Agreement. 410

##### Foot Note 410

×

Transcript (27 July 2021) at p 59 lines 23–25.

Mr Yong explained that the Sale and Purchase Agreement would not have injected
fresh funds to Healthstats International. 411

##### Foot Note 411

×

Transcript (27 July 2021) at p 45 lines 7–12.

Thus, he suggested to Dr Ting that he would bring fresh funds to Healthstats
International first by way of loans to Healthstats International and then
convert the loans to the Subscription Agreement at the same time when the Sale
and Purchase Agreement was discussed. 412

##### Foot Note 412

×

Transcript (27 July 2021) at p 45 lines 16–23.

269 Hence, notwithstanding the aborted purchase by Mr Yong, he was considering
other options to invest (S$22.8m + S$5m) = S$27.8m in Healthstats
International during this period of time. In my view, this shows that he was
very interested in investing in Healthstats International even after the
aborted Sale and Purchase Agreement. Clearly, what was operative in Mr Yong’s
mind at this time was the prospect of having good returns on his investment in
Healthstats International, regardless of whether there were adverse due
diligence findings or whether Winsan was in a poor financial situation.

(c) Mr Yong’s search for investors in 2017

270 After the above two offers were not taken up, the Subscription Agreement
was signed on 12 August 2016. In the meantime, Mr Yong was active in looking
for investors for Healthstats International. 413

##### Foot Note 413

×

DCS at para 46.

In 2017, he convinced his childhood friend, one Mr Tan Shern Liang from One
Tree Partners Pte Ltd (“One Tree Partners”) to invest in Healthstats
International. Mr Tan Shern Liang eventually persuaded Tupai Singapore Pte Ltd
(“Tupai”) to invest in Healthstats International in September 2017. 414

##### Foot Note 414

×

DCS at paras 47 and 49; ABOD, Vol 7, pp 4730–4731 at para 10 and p 4740 at
para 42.

Thus, this shows that Mr Yong’s enthusiasm for investing in Healthstats
International did not wane even a year after the Subscription Agreement was
signed.

271 Hence, Mr Yong’s conduct further buttresses the findings that: (a) he
personally assessed that Healthstats International had a huge potential; and
(b) he was confident that he could eventually turn Healthstats International
around into a profitable business, regardless of the adverse due diligence
findings or Winsan’s poor financial situation.

272 Given his mental state at this time, even if the Regulatory Representation
was not completely true, it did not operate at all in his mind. As far as Mr
Yong was concerned, if the necessary regulatory approvals were not obtained,
it would just be a matter of time to secure the necessary relevant regulatory
approvals. After all, the BPro G1 had worldwide regulatory approvals and
changes to the BPro G2 were only to improve the connectivity of the BPro G1,
which were not major. I am fortified in my view by Mr Yong’s testimony. As the
defendants emphasise in their submissions, 415

##### Foot Note 415

×

DRS at paras 64 and 65.

Mr Yong testified that FDA approval for the BPro G2 was not operative in his
mind: 416

##### Foot Note 416

×

Transcript (23 July 2021) at p 110 line 5 to p 111 line 14; p 115 line 22 to p
116 line 18.

Q: I made you read paragraphs 2 to 17 of the defence of what constituted the
representations they made at the meetings and to your team, and you gave a
summary of what you understood to have happened at the meetings. This is a
critical point, because when you find out from Joshua Soh that you need a
fresh application just after signing the subscription agreement, assuming you
are telling the truth, you were content to accept what Dr Ting explained to
you.

A: Yes.

Q: You didn’t take it as a misrepresentation at that time?

A: Dr Ting says it's not an issue, then it's not an issue, because you already
have – your BPro is already approved now. If we needed another approval for
improved version and Dr Ting says it's not a problem, then why should I worry
about it? My main focus, right, is to make sure that the company satisfy the
China contract, because this is where the big money is going to come in. All
right? And Joshua Soh is doing his best to sell the products, and I don't
think he was – whether the FDA was important at that point of time to what the
company was selling outside of China, I am not sure. I don't think so.

Court: No, what you don’t think so? I don’t understand.

A: No, so Dr Ting said that the FDA needed approval and he was going to be
getting it soon, something to that effect. Okay? It was not something of
concern. So I didn't – I just took it as that, because for me the biggest
focus at that point was to make sure that they deliver on the Chinese contract
because this is where the revenue was coming from.

…

Q: When Joshua told you in 2016 that the G2 needed a fresh application, you
said that you went and spoke with Dr Ting; correct?

A: That’s correct.

Q: Dr Ting's response to you, according to you, is that the G2 application is
ongoing and should be of no concern; correct?

A: That’s correct.

Q: Did you not at that time tell him, “Hey, you misrepresented to me before,
in 2015”?

A: No, I didn’t.

Q: Why not?

A: Because I didn't think it was such a big deal. Dr Ting’s – I mean, you
already had the G1. The G2, if it's just a revision, it is – if Dr Ting says
not to worry about it, I didn't – it didn't cross my mind.

Q: In 2016, when you found out, it was not a big deal for you?

A: Yeah, Dr Ting says it is – it is – it's not a problem; it’s just a matter
of doing the application and waiting for it to be approved.

[emphasis added]

Hence, it cannot be said that the Regulatory Representation played a “real and
substantial” role in inducing Mr Yong to invest in Healthstats International
(see [227] above) through the Subscription Agreement signed by Ms Hwang.

273 In this case, it was apparent that the defendants did not deliberately or
intentionally mislead Mr Yong regarding the Regulatory Representation.
Clearly, the evidence does not disclose any fraud or fraudulent intention on
the part of the defendants notwithstanding the documentary Regulatory
Representation to the contrary. At most, what can be concluded is that the
defendants were overzealous in the marketing pitch when they proudly showed
the final version of the BPro G2 in the Executive Summary and other marketing
materials to advance the interest of Healthstats International. The final
version of the BPro G2 was used as early as 2011 when there were articles
published about Healthstats International’s revolutionary development of a
watch-like device that monitored a patient’s heart rate and blood pressure
wirelessly in real time. 417

##### Foot Note 417

×

Exhibits P14 and P15.

If the defendants had used the working prototype of the BPro G2, ie, the BPro
G1 with the attached cap, there would not have been an issue with the
Regulatory Representation as regards the BPro G2 since this prototype did not
require fresh regulatory approval.

274 I agree with the decision in Wishing Star that a person who has acted
carefully and cautiously by conducting an independent due diligence exercise
and who does not discover the falsehood in the representation should not be
penalised when he acts on the misrepresentation. However, if the person who
conducted the due diligence knows the misrepresentation or does not rely on
the misrepresentation when he signs the contract, he cannot later take action
against the other person for the misrepresentation. In this case, the evidence
shows, on a balance of probabilities, that Mr Yong knew the Regulatory
Representation in the written documents was not accurate and he clearly did
not rely on it.

(d) Conclusion on whether the Regulatory Representation was relied on

275 From the above analysis, I found that Mr Yong would have been aware of the
adverse findings in the due diligence reports he commissioned, and thus could
not have relied on what Dr Ting represented through the documentary evidence
that the BPro G2 had FDA and worldwide regulatory approvals. In 2015 and 2016,
Mr Yong was deeply optimistic about the potential of Healthstats International
notwithstanding that it had been making losses in the preceding years. Mr Yong
was not concerned about the lack of regulatory approval of Healthstats
International’s products, especially those of the BPro G2, before entering
into the Subscription Agreement through Ms Hwang. Thus, I find that the
Regulatory Representation did not play a real or substantial role in inducing
the plaintiffs to enter into the Subscription Agreement. In fact, the evidence
indicates that the plaintiffs, particularly Mr Yong, did not rely on the
Regulatory Representation when they invested in Healthstats International
through the Subscription Agreement.

(II) The Revenue Representation

(a) The S$50m Valuation

276 The crux of the plaintiffs’ assertion that they relied on the Revenue
Representation is that their investment in Healthstats International was based
on the S$50m Valuation. The S$50m Valuation was introduced in the context of
the Uncharted Group’s potential investment in Healthstats International (see
[28] above). The plaintiffs claim that the S$50m Valuation was put forward by
the defendants, and that it was based in part on the “booked” revenue under
the two China Contracts (see [56] above). They also rely on Mr Soh’s statement
in his affidavit of evidence-in-chief that he “specifically recall[ed] Dr Ting
talking about the fact that Healthstats [International] had secured in excess
of S$50 million revenue through two contracts with its subsidiary in China,
and based on this, Mr Yong’s investment would be based on a S$50 million
valuation of Healthstats” [emphasis added]. 418

##### Foot Note 418

×

BAEIC, Vol 2, Tab 4 (JS) at para 9.

277 On the other hand, the defendants contend that the S$50m Valuation was put
forward by Mr Yong himself, and that Mr Yong never relied on the Second China
Contract being performed (see [73(b)] above). The defendants allege that Mr
Yong derived the S$50m Valuation using the following method. First, he looked
at the price at which Winsan had acquired 51% of Healthstats China in 2015,
ie, S$16m. Next, he divided the world’s markets into three segments: the US,
Europe and Asia. He then multiplied the figure of S$16m by three to arrive at
S$48m, which he then rounded up to S$50m. Therefore, the defendants argue that
the revenue which Healthstats International was expected to earn from the two
China Contracts were never in Mr Yong’s contemplation when he arrived at the
S$50m Valuation. 419

##### Foot Note 419

×

BAEIC, Vol 4, Tab 13 (TCM) at para 67; BAEIC, Vol 4, Tab 14 (CNH) at para 47.

278 In response, the plaintiffs argue that it made no sense to equate the
China market with the USA and Europe markets since there were already the two
China Contracts worth approximately S$56m in China. In contrast, there were no
contracts and hardly any sales in the USA or Europe. 420

##### Foot Note 420

×

PCS at para 431.

The plaintiffs further submit that Dr Ting had purportedly conceded in cross-
examination that coming to a valuation of Healthstats International in this
manner would be absurd: 421

##### Foot Note 421

×

PCS at para 432; Transcript (30 July 2021) at p 157 lines 1–15.

Q: Now, Dr Ting, there were no large contracts available in the US in December
2015; correct?

A: Correct.

Q: There were no large contracts available in Europe in 2015?

A: Correct.

Q: And you repeatedly told Mr Mark Yong and Mdm Emily Hwang that you had these
two very lucrative contracts in China; correct?

A: Correct.

Q: Now, Dr Ting, I suggest to you that it would be absurd for Mr Yong, in
those circumstances, to value Europe, Asia and the US at the same value. Do
you agree or disagree?

A: I agree.

Dr Ting was merely expressing his opinion at how Mr Yong’s method of valuation
was absurd. It does not simply follow from Dr Ting’s opinion that such a
method of valuation was absurd and that Mr Yong therefore did not employ that
method. Hence, I disagree with the plaintiffs’ submission.

279 In any case, the evidence suggests that the S$50m Valuation was not based
on the expected revenue from the two China Contracts. There is no
contemporaneous documentary evidence of any link between the two China
Contracts and the S$50m Valuation. The Letter of Intent dated 2 December 2015
stated only that “the Purchaser’s [ie, Uncharted Group’s] valuation of the
Company [ie, Healthstats International] [was] SGD $50,000,000.00”. 422

##### Foot Note 422

×

ABOD, Vol 1 at p 403.

There was no reference to the China Contracts. Further, the quantum of the
Subscription Consideration provided for in cl 3.1 of the Subscription
Agreement (ie, S$5m) was based on “the aggregate Issue Price for the
Subscription Shares”, 423

##### Foot Note 423

×

ABOD, Vol 1 at p 363.

where the “Issue Price” was defined as being S$1.576 per share. 424

##### Foot Note 424

×

ABOD, Vol 1 at p 360.

Only the First China Contract was expressly referred to in the Subscription
Agreement (in cl 8), in relation to the Put Option. Clause 8.1(b) provided
that Healthstats International would have the right to require Ms Hwang to
subscribe for the Option Shares in the event that it completed and received
the balance sale proceeds of S$3.5m under the First China Contract by 31
December 2016. 425

##### Foot Note 425

×

ABOD, Vol 1 at p 367.

However, the Put Option was never exercised as the balance of S$3.5m of sales
under the First China Contract was not fulfilled (see [21] above).

280 The Call Option and Put Option were inserted by the lawyer in the
Subscription Agreement on Mr Yong’s instructions. In other words, Mr Yong saw
the potential in Healthstats International in 2016 and he was interested to
invest further if Healthstats International did well. He started to loan
Healthstats International various sums totalling S$2.5m in the early part of
2016 with the view that the loans would be used for payment towards the
Subscription Agreement. At the same time, he was cautious and preferred not to
invest more than S$5m in the first instance but initiated an option to invest
more should Healthstats International do well after his initial investment.

281 Moreover, Mr Yong stated in his affidavit of evidence-in-chief that the
defendants had told him, at the 21 November 2015 Meeting, that Healthstats
International’s valuation at S$50m was “evidenced by the joint venture
contract entered into between Healthstats [International] and a China company
listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange known as Winsan (Shanghai) Medical
Science and Technology Co Ltd [ie, Winsan]” [emphasis added]. 426

##### Foot Note 426

×

BAEIC, Vol 1, Tab 1 at para 26(i).

This statement is repeated in the plaintiffs’ pleaded case (see [46(b)(ix)]
above). This is erroneous. When Mr Soh was cross-examined on this paragraph of
Mr Yong’s affidavit, he stated that he could not specifically recollect a
joint venture contract being referred to at the 21 November 2015 Meeting, 427

##### Foot Note 427

×

Transcript (7 May 2021), p 58 at lines 12–25 and p 59 at lines 1–11.

but he accepted that the only joint venture contract that existed related to
Winsan’s investment in Healthstats China. 428

##### Foot Note 428

×

Transcript (7 May 2021), p 59 at lines 24–25 and p 60 at lines 1–4.

He agreed that this was separate from the two China Contracts, which were sale
agreements. 429

##### Foot Note 429

×

Transcript (17 May 2021), p 98 at lines 23–25 and p 99 at lines 1–4.

This is consistent with the defendants’ position that the S$50m Valuation was
derived based on the price at which Winsan had acquired 51% of Healthstats
China in 2015.

282 In any event, even if the S$50m Valuation was based on the two China
Contracts, this valuation would be consistent with the total value of the two
China Contracts. I have earlier found that the two China Contracts are genuine
and their total value was S$5m + S$52.785m = S$57.785m.

283 The plaintiffs also submit that Dr Ting had suggested the S$50m Valuation
to Mr Yong in a set of PowerPoint slides used for Healthstats International’s
15th Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) on 4 December 2015 (“the 4 December 2015
slides”). 430

##### Foot Note 430

×

PCS at para 428; PRS at para 24.

The material portion of the slides reads as follows: 431

##### Foot Note 431

×

ABOD, Vol 3 at p 1816.

China Update

1\. Option to invest S$5M in HS at S$50M valuation. option has lapsed by 30th
Nov 2015.

…

During cross-examination, Dr Ting testified as follows: 432

##### Foot Note 432

×

Transcript (30 July 2021) at p 151 line 24 to p 154 line 19.

Q: Now, at AB 1826, this is your slides to the shareholders; right?

A: At the AGM.

Q: 4 December 2015?

A: Correct.

Q: It says “Offer For Vendor Shares”: “Have a valuation of S$50 [million] set
by Winsan as basis for investment.” Correct?

A: Correct.

Q: And this valuation of 50 million from Winsan came from – if you look at
page AB 1816, under “China Update”, this was an: “… option to invest S$5
[million] in [Healthstats Singapore] at S$50 [million] valuation. Option …
lapsed by 30th November 2015.” This is where the $50 million figure came from;
correct?

A: Correct. I need to add some meat, your Honour.

…

Court: No, no. I think Mr Nair referred you to page 1826, where there is a
figure of 50 million valuation set by Winsan as a basis for investment.

A: Yes.

Court: Right?

A: Yes.

Court: So I stand corrected by Mr Nair. Then he referred you to page 1816 and
says the figure of $50 million came from this slide, bullet point 1.

A: Yes.

Court: So what is your answer?

A: My answer is that this was presented to Mark, and he tell me how he – this
was – I told this to Mark before the meeting because Mark wanted me to present
his proposal to the shareholders. So Mark took the 50 million. He said this is
cheap because he – Winsan has come into China at the valuation of 16 million,
which is RMB80 million, and he would think – he thinks the world, simply you
can divide into US, Europe and China. If you put everyone at 16, you will come
up to 48. Even if I round up to 50, it's cheap. And the very fact is that he
feel it is cheap to come in. When he came in, he even start trying to sell the
company for a valuation between 70 to 100 million. So at that point in time,
his conclusion from the 50 million was that he has a basis; a very simple
calculation will tell that it is cheap, 16 times 3. That's the basis for me
saying he did not rely on the China contract for the valuation.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

In my view, Dr Ting’s testimony above does not amount to a concession that Mr
Yong had taken the S$50m Valuation from this set of slides. In the first
place, the Letter of Intent which states “the Purchaser’s [ie, Uncharted
Group’s] valuation of the Company [ie, Healthstats International] [was] SGD
$50,000,000.00” was signed by Mr Yong on 2 December 2015 (see [279] above).
This letter precedes the 4 December 2015 slides. Moreover, a careful
examination of Dr Ting’s testimony above shows that Dr Ting was explaining Mr
Yong’s own derivation of the S$50m Valuation prior to the AGM. What Dr Ting
meant by “[Mr Yong] took the 50 million” in his testimony above is that Mr
Yong wanted Dr Ting to select the S$50m Valuation as a figure to be presented
to Healthstats International’s shareholders during the AGM.

284 Hence, in so far as the plaintiffs submit that they relied on the Revenue
Representation because their investment in Healthstats International was based
on the S$50m Valuation, I find that this submission has no merit.

(b) Other factors showing lack of reliance

285 In any case, as I examine below, the plaintiffs have failed to show that
Mr Yong relied on the Revenue Representation to enter into the Subscription
Agreement.

286 The plaintiffs had the benefit of three due diligence reports prepared by
professional advisors and his team of staff such as Mr Salas, Mr Soh, Mr Goh,
etc as well as Mr Sheng’s informal advice on Winsan. KPMG, in its due
diligence report, opined that “[t]he IP owned by HIPL [ie, Healthstats
International] is currently valued at between USD $80 – 120 million (although
no formal valuation has been undertaken)”. 433

##### Foot Note 433

×

BAEIC, Vol 1, Tab 1 (YKYM) at p 384.

Having the benefits of the due diligence process, Mr Yong decided that
Uncharted Holdings should not proceed with the purchase of Healthstats
International’s shares.

287 However, in the First 26 April 2016 E-mail and the Second 26 April 2016
E-mail sent to Dr Ting, Mr Yong stated that the reason for not proceeding was
that he was not comfortable with Healthstats China and Winsan. In these
e-mails, Mr Yong specifically raised the concern that the S$50m Valuation
might be an over-valuation as Healthstats China was not financially sound, as
evidenced by (among other matters) the fact that only S$1.5m of sales had been
fulfilled under the First China Contract. He also referred to Winsan’s failed
placement exercise in January 2016 (see [37] and [39] above). Consistent with
this, Mr Yong stated in his affidavit of evidence-in-chief that by February
2016, he had “doubts as to Healthstats China’s financial ability to fulfil its
obligations under the China Contracts in their entirety”, which would have
made Healthstats International “greatly overvalued” at the S$50m Valuation.
434

##### Foot Note 434

×

BAEIC, Vol 1, Tab 1 (YKYM) at para 56.

288 Was this the real reason for Mr Yong to abort the Sale and Purchase
Agreement in April 2016 or was this an excuse not to go through with this
agreement? If Mr Yong’s main concern was that Healthstats China might not have
the financial ability to fulfil its obligations under the two China Contracts,
then why did he subsequently propose to Dr Ting the options of a convertible
bond and share swap between Healthstats International and Success Dragon? The
value of these two options was about S$23m. This sum of investment was close
to the S$27m Sale and Purchase Agreement which Mr Yong had aborted. These two
options were suggested by Mr Yong in July 2016, barely three months after he
aborted the Sale and Purchase Agreement in April 2016. Moreover, these
proposals for two options came after Mr Yong and Mr Soh knew that Winsan had
been taken over by a new major shareholder in June 2016. Mr Soh even knew that
this new major shareholder was a property development group called “Lanrun”
from Chengdu. 435

##### Foot Note 435

×

DCS at para 56(5); Transcript (17 May 2021) at p 38 lines 16–24; p 93 lines
15–18 (Mr Soh).

As regards Mr Yong, the plaintiffs submit that Mr Yong only knew that there
was a “change of major shareholder” and did not even recall who Lanrun was
until it was explained to him during cross-examination. 436

##### Foot Note 436

×

PRS at para 54(5).

I reproduce the relevant excerpt of his testimony at trial: 437

##### Foot Note 437

×

Transcript (23 July 2021) at p 57 line 7 to p 58 line 1.

Q: You found out in June 2016 that a property developer from Chengdu called
Lanrun took over Winsan; is that correct?

A: The major – I think there was a change of major shareholder.

Q: In June 2016, itself, there was a question mark as to whether Winsan would
continue with the medical device business; is that correct?

A: I simply had my reservation about the financial health of Winsan.

Q: Do you recollect that the bosses of Lanrun had come to Singapore, I think
around October/November 2016, and you had met with them in the office of
Healthstats?

A: Who?

Q: The bosses of Lanrun.

A: Who is Lanrun?

Q: The major shareholder, the new shareholder from Chengdu.

A: No, I never met the shareholder before.

To begin with, given that Mr Soh knew of Lanrun’s identity, Mr Soh would have
informed Mr Yong about this. Hence, I find Mr Yong’s testimony difficult to
believe. In any case, even if I were to accept Mr Yong’s testimony, what is
pertinent is that regardless of whether he knew of the exact identity of the
new major shareholder of Winsan, he was clearly unconcerned about a possible
change in Winsan’s business focus by the entry of this new major shareholder.
The irresistible inference must be that Mr Yong was still very keen on
investing in Healthstats International in July 2016 that he persisted in
proposing the idea of a convertible bond and share swap to Dr Ting thereafter.
These proposals did not materialise as Dr Ting said the shareholders of
Healthstats International were not interested and not because Mr Yong had a
change of heart. Hence, the Revenue Representation and his team who conducted
the due diligence clearly had not stopped Mr Yong from investing in
Healthstats International.

289 Moreover, Mr Yong also said that he continued to be interested in
investing in Healthstats International because the China Contracts “did
display Healthstats’ ability to penetrate the Chinese markets and its
potential for growth”. 438

##### Foot Note 438

×

BAEIC, Vol 1, Tab 1 (YKYM) at para 84.

Mr Yong’s initial reasons for being “very interested” in investing in
Healthstats International as at November 2015, which included his assessment
that it had “much room for growth”, 439

##### Foot Note 439

×

BAEIC, Vol 1, Tab 1 (YKYM) at para 34(b).

thus remained essentially unchanged even after the due diligence process
showed that the Revenue Representation could not be relied upon.

290 Thus, by Mr Yong’s own account, he did not rely on the Revenue
Representation at the time of the Subscription Agreement. Mr Yong was well
aware of the risk that the Second China Contract would not be fulfilled, such
that the revenue expected thereunder would not materialise. Instead, his
continued interest in investing in Healthstats International was due to its
potential for growth. This is not a case where Mr Yong relied partly on the
Revenue Representation and partly on his own knowledge and expertise as a
savvy and well-advised investor. On the contrary, both the contemporaneous
documentary evidence and Mr Yong’s own evidence indicate that the Revenue
Representation did not play a real or substantial role in the conclusion of
the Subscription Agreement.

(III) The Product Representation

291 I turn now to the Product Representation. In my view, the plaintiffs’
argument that they relied on the Product Representation in entering into the
Subscription Agreement is a non-starter. The Product Representation, as
pleaded, was that Healthstats International was to launch the BPro G3 in the
second quarter of 2016 (ie, in or around April to June 2016). By the time the
Subscription Agreement was signed in August 2016, it would have been clear to
the plaintiffs that the BPro G3 had not yet been launched. Mr Soh, as CEO of
Healthstats International, would have known this and he would have told Mr
Yong.

292 Moreover, as I have explained above in relation to Mr Tey’s evidence (see
[212] above), Healthstats International had been developing a prototype of the
BPro G3 up till mid-2016. However, after Mr Soh’s appointment as the CEO of
Healthstats International, he introduced a service-based model for the BPro
G2. Under this model, the devices were given to clinical professionals for
free with a fee being charged for each use of the device. As a result, Mr Soh
directed that further development of the BPro G3 should cease so that
Healthstats International could focus on funding the service-based model for
the BPro G2. 440

##### Foot Note 440

×

Defence at para 54(e).

293 Dr Ting’s evidence corroborates the above narrative. At the trial, Dr Ting
testified that following his presentation on 5 January 2016, it was Mr Yong
who directed Mr Soh in March 2016 to temporarily stop the development of the
BPro G3. 441

##### Foot Note 441

×

Transcript (28 July 2021) at p 136 line 21 to p 137 line 10; Transcript (2
August 2021) at p 10 line 20 to p 14 line 5.

In this presentation, Dr Ting told Mr Yong about the CPT Code and how the
medical practitioners in the US used the CPT Code. 442

##### Foot Note 442

×

PCB, Vol 1 at p 459, at ABOD, Vol 3 at p 1848.

Dr Ting explained that, where there is an applicable code for a particular
device, a doctor would be able to use this code to claim fees from the
government for every instance that the device was used. Hence, the change from
a sales model to a service model for the BPro G2 meant that Healthstats
International could reap the huge profits from the recurring fees claimable.
Mr Yong felt that this was more commercially sound than a one-off profit from
the sales of the BPro G2 devices. 443

##### Foot Note 443

×

Transcript (2 August 2021) at p 14 line 6 to p 17 line 23.

294 Mr Chua testified that Mr Yong told him to put the development of the BPro
G3 on hold and to focus on the BPro G2 as the R&D department of Healthstats
International only had six engineers (including Mr Chua himself). 444

##### Foot Note 444

×

Transcript (3 August 2021) at p 84 line 21 to p 85 line 10; p 86 lines 18–22.

295 In any case, since Mr Yong’s team was responsible for the extensive due
diligence exercise and Mr Yong had procured the appointment of Mr Soh as the
CEO of Healthstats International at the material time, I find that Mr Yong
must have known that the development of the BPro G3 was halted prior to the
conclusion of the Subscription Agreement.

296 Therefore, the plaintiffs would have known by the time the Subscription
Agreement was signed that the BPro G3 had not yet been launched and that Mr
Yong was the one who halted the development of the BPro G3. Hence, Mr Yong
could not have relied on the Product Presentation before Ms Hwang signed the
Subscription Agreement.

(C) The Loans

297 I shall now consider whether the plaintiffs relied on the Representations
in extending the Loans to Healthstats International. As I have outlined at
[40] above, the Loans were made in four separate sums: S$1m in January 2016;
S$500,000 in April 2016; S$500,000 on 10 June 2016; and S$500,000 on 26 July
2016.

298 Mr Yong’s affidavit of evidence-in-chief explained the reasons for the
loans, as follows:

(a) The loan of S$1m in January 2016 was made because Dr Ting had pleaded with
him and Ms Hwang for the loan of this sum to Healthstats International as it
needed working capital urgently and would not last beyond the Lunar New Year
without fresh funds. 445

##### Foot Note 445

×

BAEIC, Vol 1, Tab 1 (YKYM) at paras 51–52.

(b) The loan of S$500,000 in April 2016 was made as a “show of good faith” to
enable Healthstats International to cover its expenses for that month while Mr
Yong considered a smaller investment (after the investment by Uncharted
Holdings was aborted). 446

##### Foot Note 446

×

BAEIC, Vol 1, Tab 1 (YKYM) at paras 74–76.

(c) The loan of S$500,000 on 10 June 2016 was made to help Healthstats
International cover its expenses while negotiations for the Subscription
Agreement were ongoing. The parties agreed that this loan could be used as
partial payment towards the Subscription Consideration. 447

##### Foot Note 447

×

BAEIC, Vol 1, Tab 1 (YKYM) at paras 94–95.

(d) The loan of S$500,000 on 26 July 2016 was made to allow Healthstats
International to meet its monthly expenses while the parties’ discussions on
the Subscription Agreement were ongoing. As discussions were at an advanced
stage at this juncture and it looked likely that an agreement was imminent,
the loan was “essentially an advance on the consideration” that would be paid
under the Subscription Agreement. 448

##### Foot Note 448

×

BAEIC, Vol 1, Tab 1 (YKYM) at paras 96–97.

299 Based on the above, the Representations had no direct bearing on Mr Yong’s
and Ms Hwang’s decision to extend each loan to Healthstats International.
Although the first loan in January 2016 was made before the due diligence on
Healthstats International had been completed, Mr Yong’s own account of the
reason for this loan indicates that it was not made in reliance on any of the
Representations. As for the three loans made from April to July 2016, these
were linked to the plaintiffs’ interest in investing in Healthstats
International which culminated in the Subscription Agreement. By this time, as
I have explained above, the plaintiffs had the benefit of the due diligence
reports and Mr Sheng’s advice on Winsan. Nevertheless, they continued to be
interested in investing in Healthstats International due to its potential for
growth. There is no evidence that the specific issues of Healthstats
International’s regulatory approvals, the sales booked under the Second China
Contract, and the launch of the BPro G3 in the second quarter of 2016 (which
formed the subject of the Regulatory Representation, the Revenue
Representation and the Product Representation respectively) played any real or
substantial role in the plaintiffs’ decision to make any of the Loans.

(3) Conclusion on the Reliance Requirement

300 With regard to the Loans, I find that the plaintiffs have failed to
satisfy the Reliance Requirement as they have not shown that the
Representations played a real and substantial role in inducing them to make
the Loans which later became part of the Subscription Consideration for the
Subscription Agreement.

301 With regard to the Subscription Agreement, the salient points of my
analysis above are as follows. The plaintiffs had the benefit of three due
diligence reports produced by DLA Piper, KPMG and Baker & McKenzie in March
and April 2016. In addition, they obtained informal advice on Winsan from Mr
Sheng. Furthermore, Mr Yong had other staff to assist in the due diligence
exercise such as Mr Soh, Mr Salas and Mr Goh. In the course of this due
diligence process, the plaintiffs were informed of the regulatory approval
status of Healthstats International’s products by April 2016. Further, the
S$50m Valuation was not based on the expected revenue from the two China
Contracts as there is no contemporaneous documentary evidence of any link
between the two China Contracts and the S$50m Valuation. Moreover, by the time
the Subscription Agreement was signed in August 2016, it would have been clear
to the plaintiffs that the BPro G3 had not been launched in the second quarter
of 2016. Therefore, the evidence suggests that the plaintiffs did not rely on
the Regulatory Representation, the Revenue Representation or the Product
Representation in entering into the Subscription Agreement (see [230]–[296]
above).

302 As for the Loans, Mr Yong’s own account of the reasons for extending the
loan of each sum of money to Healthstats International indicates that the
Representations did not play a real or substantial role in these decisions
(see [297]–[299] above).

303 I, therefore, find that the Reliance Requirement is not satisfied on the
facts of the present case.

Conclusion on misrepresentation

304 For the reasons explained above, the Representation Requirement is not
satisfied for the Revenue Representation and the Product Representation, and
the Reliance Requirement is not satisfied for all the Representations.
Consequently, the plaintiffs have failed to prove that the alleged
Representations were actionable misrepresentations made by the defendants. The
plaintiffs have not proven, on the balance of probabilities, that they,
particularly Mr Yong, relied on the three Representations when they invested
in Healthstats International through the Subscription Agreement. The
plaintiffs’ claim based on misrepresentation must, therefore, fail.

305 In view of these findings, it is not necessary for me to determine whether
the alleged Representations were made by the defendants fraudulently or
negligently. I reiterate that, regarding the Regulatory Representation, the
defendants should not have shown the graphic of the final version of the BPro
G2 in their documents as this gave the impression that the BPro G2 had FDA and
worldwide regulatory approvals. If the defendants had used the prototype
version of the BPro G2 that had an attached cap over the BPro G1, which had
worldwide approvals, there would not have been a misrepresentation;
Healthstats International, in consultation with Mr Gorski, opined that FDA
approval was not required. The defendants chose to use the aesthetically
pleasing final version of the BPro G2 that contradicted the Regulatory
Representation notwithstanding their insistence that they had informed Mr Yong
that the BPro G2 required FDA approval. Nevertheless, this was not a dishonest
act as the defendants allowed a transparent and in-depth due diligence
exercise to be conducted. The defendants even allowed Mr Yong to replace Dr
Ting with Mr Soh as CEO of Healthstats International before the signing of the
Subscription Agreement. The thorough due diligence exercise identified that
the BPro G2 did not have the requisite regulatory approvals and Mr Yong was
alerted to this.

Was there fraud by the defendants?

306 With regard to the plaintiffs’ allegations of fraud, I wish to emphasise
that a relatively high standard of proof must be satisfied by the representee
before a fraudulent misrepresentation can be established successfully against
the representor. This is because the allegation of fraud is a grave one (see
Wee Chiaw Sek Anna v Ng Li-Ann Genevieve (sole executrix of the estate of Ng
Hock Seng, deceased) and another [2013] 3 SLR 801 (“Wee Chiaw Sek Anna”) at
[30]). Hence, cogent evidence is required before a court will be satisfied
that fraud is established (Alwie Handoyo v Tjong Very Sumito and another and
another appeal [2013] 4 SLR 308 at [161]). Further, to establish fraud, the
plaintiffs must prove that false representations were made knowingly; without
belief in their truth; or recklessly, with the defendants being careless
whether they were true or false (Wee Chiaw Sek Anna at [32], applying the UK
House of Lords’ decision in Derry v Peek (1889) 14 App Cas 337). The
plaintiffs must also show that the defendants did not subjectively believe in
the truth of their representations (Wee Chiaw Sek Anna at [37]). In the
present case, the plaintiffs have not adduced sufficient evidence to show that
the allegedly false Representations were made knowingly or recklessly.

Is the Misrepresentation Act applicable?

307 Given these findings, the plaintiffs’ alternative claim for damages based
on the Misrepresentation Act also fails. The relevant provision is s 2(1) of
the Misrepresentation Act, which allows a representee to claim damages for
non-fraudulent misrepresentations. The Court of Appeal in Tan Chin Seng
explained (at [23]) that s 2(1) “only alters the law as to the reliefs to be
granted for a non-fraudulent misrepresentation but not as to what constitutes
an actionable misrepresentation” [emphasis added]. Since the plaintiffs have
failed to establish that the alleged Representations were actionable
misrepresentations made by the defendants, they are not entitled to damages
for misrepresentation, whether at common law or under s 2(1) of the
Misrepresentation Act.

Unlawful means conspiracy

The applicable law

308 To succeed in a claim for conspiracy by unlawful means, the plaintiffs
must establish the following (see EFT Holdings, Inc and another v Marinteknik
Shipbuilders (S) Pte Ltd and another [2014] 1 SLR 860 (“EFT Holdings”) at [91]
and [112]):

(a) there was a combination of two or more persons to do certain acts;

(b) the alleged conspirators had the intention to cause damage or injury to
the plaintiff by those acts;

(c) the acts were unlawful (which include acts which are actionable civil
wrongs);

(d) the acts were performed in furtherance of the agreement; and

(e) the plaintiff suffered loss as a result of the conspiracy.

309 The essence of unlawful means conspiracy is the defendants’ combination
and undertaking of an unlawful course of action, accompanied by the intention
to injure by unlawful means (EFT Holdings at [96]; recently reaffirmed by the
Court of Appeal in Crest Capital Asia Pte Ltd and others v OUE Lippo
Healthcare Ltd (formerly known as International Healthway Corp Ltd) and
another and other appeals [2021] 1 SLR 1337 at [128(a)]). In the absence of
evidence of an express agreement, the requisite combination may be inferred
from the circumstances and acts of the alleged conspirators (EFT Holdings at
[113]). However, the alleged conspirators must be sufficiently aware of the
surrounding circumstances and share the same object (EFT Holdings at [113];
see also New Ping Ping Pauline v Eng’s Noodles House Pte Ltd and others [2020]
SGHC 271 at [60]).

310 Moreover, it is not sufficient that harm to the plaintiffs would be a
likely, probable or even inevitable consequence of the defendants’ conduct.
Injury to the plaintiffs must have been intended by the defendants as a means
to an end, or as an end in itself (EFT Holdings at [101]).

My findings

311 The plaintiffs’ case on unlawful means conspiracy rests on the allegation
that the defendants conspired to defraud them by making the Representations,
which (according to the plaintiffs) presented a false picture of Healthstats
International’s viability (see [58] above).

312 In the present case, I have found that the Representations allegedly made
by the defendants did not constitute actionable misrepresentations. Therefore,
there is no unlawful act which the plaintiffs can rely on to establish an
unlawful means conspiracy. In any event, the requirement of a combination is
not satisfied as there is no evidence of “an agreement between [the
defendants] to pursue a particular course of conduct, and that concerted
action was taken pursuant to that agreement” (EFT Holdings at [113]). The
plaintiffs have also not adduced sufficient evidence to show that the
defendants intended to injure them as a means to an end, or as an end in
itself.

313 Therefore, the plaintiffs’ claim based on unlawful means conspiracy must
fail.

The parties’ credibility

314 The plaintiffs and the defendants both accuse each other of dishonesty and
lying. Thus, I shall analyse the parties’ credibility. In particular, the
plaintiffs’ counsel referred to Jian Li Investments Holding Pte Ltd and others
v Healthstats International Pte Ltd and others [2019] SGHC 38 (“Jian Li
Investments”) in which Ang Cheng Hock JC (as he then was) observed at [99(b)]
that Dr Ting and Mr Chua had not acted with candour and honesty. 449

##### Foot Note 449

×

PCS at paras 14 and 468.

The applicable law

315 Section 54 of the EA provides as follows:

In civil cases character to prove conduct imputed irrelevant

54. In civil cases the fact that the character of any person concerned is such as to render probable or improbable any conduct imputed to him is irrelevant, except in so far as such character appears from facts otherwise relevant.

316 In Ng Kong Yeam (suing by Ling Towi Sing (alias Ling Chooi Seng) and
others) v Kay Swee Pin and another [2019] SGHC 219 (“Ng Kong Yeam”) at [36],
the court was faced with the issue of whether the plaintiff in that case could
refer to the prior court proceedings in which the first defendant was found to
be untruthful and unreliable, to impugn the credibility of the first
defendant. The court held at [37] that s 54 of the EA applied and stated at
[38] that:

[U]nless the plaintiff is able to identify a provision in the EA that would
render the evidence on the first defendant’s propensity to be dishonest
relevant, such bad character evidence is irrelevant to the present
proceedings. In the absence of such a provision, the first defendant should be
allowed to defend the present proceedings on a clean slate, without any doubts
cast on her credibility from the outset.

317 Indeed, the rationale behind s 54 of the EA has been explained by the High
Court in Rockline Ltd and others v Anil Thadani and others [2009] SGHC 209 at
[2]:

Section 54 is not a shelter for bad character. In civil cases, as it is
generally, the law protects a person from adverse findings against him only on
the evidence that he was of bad character. Character in itself is an
irrelevant fact. A person might be in breach of contract whether or not he was
of good character; and conversely, a person of bad character might suffer a
civil wrong inflicted on him by a person of good character. …

My findings

318 The plaintiffs submit that the defendants’ evidence was “vague, ever-
changing, internally inconsistent, externally inconsistent with each other,
and almost always unsupported by any contemporaneous documentary evidence”.
450

##### Foot Note 450

×

PCS at para 465.

In support, they allege a host of contradictions in the defendants’ accounts
and explanations of the events. They further raise purported instances of the
defendants’ lack of candour in other cases. 451

##### Foot Note 451

×

PCS at para 14.

In OS 666, Ang JC described, inter alios, Dr Ting and Mr Chua as having “not
acted with candour and honesty”: see Jian Li Investments at [99(b)]. In
Attorney-General v Lee Kwai Hou Howard, Xu Yuen Chen, Loh Hong Puey Andrew,
Choo Zheng Xi, Lee Song Kwang and Ting Choon Meng [2015] SGDC 114 at [73], the
district judge described Dr Ting’s testimony as “delirious, to say the least
…”.

319 Since OS 666 was begun by originating summons, the defendants’ affidavits
in that case would not have been tested by the rigour of a trial. Hence, the
court’s description of the defendants’ credibility in OS 666 was based
primarily on their affidavits. In this case, there was a long trial in which
the defendants, Mr Yong and Ms Hwang were thoroughly cross-examined at great
length by counsel.

320 It is apparent from my analysis in the sections above that there are
inconsistencies in both the testimonies of the defendants and the testimonies
of Mr Yong and the plaintiffs’ witnesses who testified in court. The court has
the unenviable task of navigating through the inconsistencies and
contradictions carefully and of thoroughly “sift[ing] the grain from the
chaff” in order to ascertain the truths of the case: Abdul Gani and others v
State of Madhya Pradesh AIR 1954 SC 31 at [10]. It is wrong to jettison the
testimony of a witness because he has lied in a few areas. There is no rule of
law that a witness’s testimony must either be believed in its entirety or not
at all. The court can accept one part and reject the other: Public Prosecutor
v Datuk Haji Harun Bin Haji Idris (No 2) [1977] 1 MLJ 15 at 19.

321 In the present case, the evidence does not indicate that the defendants
were patently dishonest or that they had intentionally lied. Their testimonies
were also not delirious. Dr Ting was able to support his assertions at crucial
times when the plaintiffs’ counsel tried to show him up as a liar. For
example, in response to the plantiffs’ claim that Mr Yong had worn the BPro G2
during several visits to Dr Ting’s clinic, 452

##### Foot Note 452

×

Transcript (29 July 2021) at p 106 line 10 to p 107 line 5; DCS at para 377.

Dr Ting was certain that was not the case and that the truth would be in his
clinical notes which the plaintiffs’ counsel wanted him to produce. When Dr
Ting produced his clinical notes the next day, they showed that he did not use
the BPro G2 on Mr Yong and Ms Hwang as his patients. 453

##### Foot Note 453

×

Transcript (29 July 2021) at p 106 lines 22–25; Transcript (30 July 2021) at p
7 lines 4–20; Exhibits P1 to P12.

Thus, Dr Ting was telling the truth. Mr Chua was also able to explain how the
prototype BPro G2, ie, the BPro G1 with the cap, functioned with reference to
documentary evidence showing its industrial design. 454

##### Foot Note 454

×

Transcript (3 August 2021) at p 125 line 1 to p 128 line 6; Exhibits D3.1 to
D3.35.

322 As for the plaintiffs, there are serious inconsistencies in Mr Yong’s
testimony. For instance, Mr Yong said he did not want to proceed with the Sale
and Purchase Agreement of the shares of Healthstats International’s
shareholders because of Winsan’s financial instability or the adverse findings
from the due diligence exercise. Yet, Mr Yong nevertheless proposed two offers
to Dr Ting: a convertible bond and the Proposed Share Swap. Mr Yong even
actively went to look for investors and eventually caused Tupai to invest in
Healthstats International. Hence, the plaintiffs’ case paints different
pictures of Mr Yong’s enthusiasm in investing in Healthstats International.

323 In view of the inconsistencies in both the plaintiffs’ and the defendants’
cases, I have adopted a cautious approach in evaluating the plaintiffs’ and
the defendants’ evidence above and I was especially advertent to reliable
corroborative evidence in ascertaining the truth of the matter.

Conclusion

324 For the above reasons, I dismiss the plaintiffs’ claims against the
defendants. My findings are as follows:

(a) The plaintiffs have adduced sufficient evidence to prove that the alleged
Regulatory Representation was made by the defendants, which may not be
factually accurate, especially regarding the final version of the BPro G2.

(b) While the defendants do not deny making the Revenue Representation and the
Product Representation, these were not false representations of fact.

(c) Even if the Representations were false representations of fact made by the
defendants, the plaintiffs have not shown that these Representations played a
real and substantial role in inducing them to make the Loans amounting to
S$2.5m to Healthstats International, or in inducing them to enter into the
Subscription Agreement with Healthstats International.

(d) Therefore, the plaintiffs’ claim based on misrepresentation fails.

(e) There is no unlawful act by the defendants on which the plaintiffs can
rely to establish an unlawful means conspiracy. In any event, there is no
evidence of the defendants’ intention to injure the plaintiffs.

325 The plaintiffs are to pay costs to the defendants, to be taxed if not
agreed.

Tan Siong Thye  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Nair Suresh Sukumaran, Yeow Guan Wei Joel and Bhatt Chantik Jayesh (PK Wong &
Nair LLC) for the plaintiffs;

Khan Nazim, Kuan Chu Ching and Kunal Haresh Mirpuri (UniLegal LLC) for the
defendants.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 29 Oct 2021 (18:10 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

