Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC 197

Suit No 626 of 2019

Between

| Elias Xanthopoulos  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Rotating Offshore Solutions Pte Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| ROS Engineering Pte Ltd  
(3)| Lim Boon Chye Victor  
  
… Defendants

judgment

[Contract] — [Contractual terms] — [Admissibility of evidence]

[Contract] — [Contractual terms] — [Express terms]

[Contract] — [Contractual terms] — [Parol evidence rule]

[Contract] — [Contractual terms] — [Rules of construction]

[Contract] — [Formation]

[Contract] — [Mistake] — [Mistake of fact]

[Equity] — [Remedies] — [Rectification]

[Restitution] — [Unjust enrichment]

[Companies] — [Oppression] — [Minority shareholders]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Xanthopoulos, Elias

  
v

  

Rotating Offshore Solutions Pte Ltd and others

[2021] SGHC 197

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 626 of 2019  
Valerie Thean J  
23–26, 29–31 March, 1, 5 April, 28 June 2021

31 August 2021 Judgment reserved.

Valerie Thean J:

Introduction

1 The plaintiff, Mr Elias Xanthopoulos (“Mr Xanthopoulos”), was the managing
director and a minority shareholder of the second defendant, ROS Engineering
Pte Ltd (“ROSE”). 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Statement of Claim (“SOC”) at para 1; Defence of the 1st and 2nd Defendants
(Amendment No 1) (“RO Defence”) at para 4.

The first defendant, Rotating Offshore Solutions Pte Ltd (“RO Solutions”),
owns the remainder 70% of ROSE. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

SOC at para 5; RO Defence at para 13.

The third defendant, Mr Lim Boon Chye Victor (“Mr Lim”), is the managing
director of RO Solutions and a director of ROSE. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

SOC at para 6; Defence of the 3rd Defendant (Amendment No 1) (“VL Defence”) at
paras 5(a) and 5(d).

Mr Xanthopoulos resigned from his positions as engineering director at RO
Solutions and managing director of ROSE on 1 July 2018. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Core Bundle of Documents, Vol 3 (“3 CB”) 822–823.

2 By this suit, Mr Xanthopoulos claims unpaid fees for his referral and
project management services. He also seeks relief as a minority shareholder of
ROSE, arising from conduct which he characterises as oppressive on the part of
RO Solutions and Mr Lim.

Background

Parties

3 RO Solutions was incorporated in January 2010. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

3 CB 1016.

At the material time, it had three directors:

(a) Mr Chia Kuan Wee (“Mr Chia”), who was managing director of RO Solutions
from 3 March 2015 to 13 September 2019, after which he left RO Solutions. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

3 CB 1017; Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief of Victor Lim Boon Chye (“Mr Lim’s
AEIC”) at para 30.

While he was a shareholder, he held his shares in RO Solutions through 3N
Investments Group Limited, a company registered in the British Virgin Islands
(“BVI”). 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

SOC at para 8; RO Defence at para 17.

(b) Mr Lim, who was managing director of RO Solutions from 31 October 2018
onwards. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

3 CB 1017.

He holds his shares in RO Solutions through Kasana Holdings Limited, a company
registered in the BVI. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

SOC at para 6; RO Defence at para 15; VL Defence at para 5.

(c) Mr Murugesan Srinivasan (“Mr Srinivasan”), who holds his shares in RO
Solutions through Vagan Holdings Limited, also a company registered in the
BVI. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

SOC at para 7; RO Defence at para 16.

4 Mr Lim, Mr Chia and Mr Srinivasan initially owned Goldpower Diesel Supply
Pte Ltd with other shareholders. This entity was subsequently renamed in June
2006 as East Asia Energy Pte Ltd (“East Asia Energy”). 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

3 CB 1021.

The other shareholders gave up their shares sometime in 2008 or 2009, leaving
Mr Lim, Mr Chia and Mr Srinivasan as the only remaining shareholders. They
renamed the entity Rotating Offshore Systems Pte Ltd (“RO Systems”) in
September 2010 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

3 CB 1021.

and thereafter incorporated RO Solutions in January 2010 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief of Murugesan Srinivasan (“Mr Srinivasan’s
AEIC”) at paras 23–26.

to hold RO Systems as a wholly owned subsidiary. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

SOC at para 4; RO Defence at para 11.

As at November 2020, Mr Lim and Mr Srinivasan remain directors of the renamed
entity, DFT Coating Systems Pte Ltd. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Mr Lim’s AEIC at paras 13–14 and Tab 3 at p 101.

In this judgment, I refer to RO Solutions, RO Systems and ROSE collectively as
the “ROS Group”.

5 Mr Xanthopoulos, an engineer with some 25 years of engineering project
management experience in the marine and offshore oil and gas industries, in
particular in floating production storage and offloading (“FPSO”) projects, 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

SOC at para 1; Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief of Elias Xanthopoulos (“Mr
Xanthopoulos’s AEIC”) at p 95.

was first introduced to Mr Lim, Mr Srinivasan and Mr Chia in November 2011. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

RO Defence at para 21(b); Reply to Defence of the 1st and 2nd Defendants
(Amendment No 3) (“Reply to RO Defence”) at para 7.

On 29 November 2011, he sent an e-mail to Mr Chia expressing his interest in
working with “ROS” and taking the company to the “next level”, setting out his
expected remuneration terms, including a finder’s fee for any projects he
might bring in, and his scope of work. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Core Bundle of Documents, Vol 1 (“1 CB”) 40.

On 8 December 2011, Mr Chia followed up with a proposed agreement to be signed
by RO Systems and Mr Xanthopoulos. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

1 CB 41–50.

After further negotiation and revisions to the draft, Mr Xanthopoulos and RO
Systems entered into an agreement dated 12 December 2011 (the “RO Systems
Agreement”) in which Mr Xanthopoulos was appointed as the “Engineering
Director” of RO Systems. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

SOC at para 13; RO Defence at para 35; 1 CB 106 and 108.

Under the RO Systems Agreement, he was to receive a basic monthly salary of
S$10,000 as engineering director and would be entitled to commissions if he
initiated any projects that were eventually secured by RO Systems. He was, on
the other hand, free to work with other firms, and any project-specific work
was to be separately negotiated and remunerated. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

SOC at para 11; RO Defence at para 29.

The formation of ROSE

6 On the heels of the RO Systems Agreement, Mr Xanthopoulos initiated
discussions with Mr Lim, Mr Chia and Mr Srinivasan (the “four men”) regarding
the incorporation of an engineering company as a joint venture effort with RO
Solutions. This was to be a new company under the ROS Group, which would later
become ROSE. In the same period of time, Mr Xanthopoulos was engaged by DRL
Engineering LLC (“DRL”) to provide project management services. Under the
terms of the RO Systems Agreement, he was able to retain his fees from DRL.
This framed the context for the parties’ negotiations. Mr Xanthopoulos
explained that he initiated these discussions because he wished to take on
more equity within the ROS Group before he brought on more new projects and
clients, with the goal of benefiting financially from a future initial public
offering of the ROS Group that the four men envisaged. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

SOC at paras 18–19; RO Defence at paras 46–47; Mr Xanthopoulos’s AEIC at para
39.

7 Negotiations took place between 29 January and 14 February 2012 through a
series of e-mails. On 14 February 2012, following upon their agreement over
e-mail, Mr Chia asked Mr Xanthopoulos to rework the RO Systems Agreement,
replacing RO Systems with ROSE as contracting party, and inserting the new
terms as agreed. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

1 CB 154.

On 7 March 2012, ROSE was registered with ACRA, 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

1 CB 169.

with RO Solutions holding 70% of share ownership and Mr Xanthopoulos holding
the remaining 30%. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

SOC at para 5; RO Defence at para 13.

Subsequently, Mr Xanthopoulos’s revised draft was sent to Mr Chia on 4 April
2012. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

1 CB 172–181.

No further revisions were made by Mr Chia. On 1 May 2012, Mr Xanthopoulos and
Mr Srinivasan, acting on behalf of ROSE as its chief executive officer and
director at the material time, executed this agreement (the “ROSE Agreement”).
27

##### Foot Note 27

×

SOC at para 24; RO Defence at para 62; 1 CB 191–199.

8 Mr Srinivasan was appointed as a director of ROSE but he resigned from this
role in or around 11 July 2012. Mr Lim and Mr Xanthopoulos were then appointed
as directors of ROSE on this date. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

SOC at para 21; RO Defence at para 48; VL Defence at para 16; 3 CB 1020.

Mr Chia was appointed as the company secretary of ROSE on 25 January 2018
until 15 January 2019. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

SOC at para 112; RO Defence at para 178; 3 CB 1020.

After the signing of the ROSE Agreement

9 As provided by cl 2 read with cl 5.1 of the ROSE Agreement, Mr Xanthopoulos
continued to receive his monthly retainer of S$10,000 after the signing of the
ROSE Agreement as the managing director of ROSE. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

1 CB 193–194.

The DRL project – early 2012 to July 2013

10 In early 2012, DRL became a client of ROSE. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

SOC at para 40; RO Defence at para 80(a).

As permitted by cl 5.3 of the ROSE Agreement, Mr Xanthopoulos was paid the
amount he billed DRL for his project consultancy services. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Mr Xanthopoulos’s AEIC at para 48.

DRL requested time sheets, and he was paid each month with reference to the
time sheets. This project ended sometime around July 2013. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Mr Lim’s AEIC at para 91.

Monthly payments of S$15,000 – July 2013 onwards

11 From around July 2013, RO Solutions paid Mr Xanthopoulos an additional sum
of S$15,000 per month. The reasons for these payments and the scope of work
entailed are disputed. Mr Xanthopoulos’s case was that this was paid because
of his appointment as its engineering director. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

SOC at para 43; RO Defence at para 86; VL Defence at para 31; Agreed Bundle of
Documents, Vol 5 (“5 AB”) 4661.

The defendants contend that this was reasonable compensation for work done for
RO Solutions as provided under the ROSE Agreement.

The MOPU BOSS1 project – November 2013 to March 2014

12 A mobile offshore production unit (“MOPU”) is a fixed platform used by the
offshore oil and gas industry for the production and offloading of oil and
gas. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Mr Xanthopoulos’s AEIC at p 186.

From November 2013 to March 2014, ROSE rendered services to RO Solutions in
respect of the MOPU BOSS1 Project. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

SOC at para 95; RO Defence at para 158.

For these services, ROSE was paid S$40,000 per month. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents, Vol 6 (“6 AB”) 5145; Transcript, 23 March 2021 at
p 75 lines 13–21 (Mr Chia); Transcript, 1 April 2021 at p 100 lines 18–25 (Mr
Srinivasan).

The MODEC project – November 2014 to June 2015

13 On or around November 2014, RO Solutions undertook construction work on
several FPSO topside modules for MODEC & TOYO Offshore Production Systems Pte
Ltd (“MODEC”), associated with building a new hull to an FPSO for a client in
Brazil Petrobras (the “MODEC Project”). Mr Xanthopoulos was appointed as the
project manager. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

SOC at para 50; RO Defence at para 100.

There was no evidence of any discussion on his remuneration for this work,
which forms part of the subject matter of his claim in this suit.

The MOPU D18 project – June 2015 to March 2016

14 The MODEC Project commenced on 8 January 2015 and the certificate of
completion for this project was issued on 29 March 2016. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

5 AB 4662; Transcript, 25 March 2021 at p 18 lines 17–32 and p 19 line 1 (Mr
Chia).

However, Mr Xanthopoulos’s involvement with the MODEC Project ended around
June 2015 as he was asked to work on another project known as the “MOPU D18
Project”. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Mr Xanthopoulos’s AEIC at para 61; Transcript, 1 April 2021 at p 74 lines 9–18
(Mr Srinivasan).

The MOPU D18 Project related to a water injection facility to be developed in
collaboration with a company from Kuala Lumpur. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Mr Xanthopoulos’s AEIC at para 91; Transcript, 25 March 2021 at p 117 lines
28–31 and p 118 at lines 1–4 (Mr Knut Hvidsand).

Mr Chia’s evidence was that he persuaded Mr Xanthopoulos to do this work for
the MOPU D18 Project at no additional fee. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Transcript, 23 March 2021 at p 115 line 21 to p 116 line 5.

RO Solutions’ work with MINOX and Caevest

15 In addition to his remuneration for the MODEC Project, Mr Xanthopoulos
claims finder’s fees for two projects completed by RO Solutions.

(1) The MINOX project – January 2015 to February 2017

16 In the second half of 2014, RO Solutions entered into a contract with a
Norwegian company, MINOX Technology AS (“MINOX”), for a project (the “MINOX
Project”). The total value of this contract was approximately US$3,141,502.16
after excluding a liquidated damages claim and an agreed over run cost. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Mr Xanthopoulos’s AEIC at para 97(b); 1 CB 24.

The MINOX Project commenced on 29 January 2015 and was completed on 6 February
2017. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Transcript, 25 March 2021 at p 17 lines 26–31 and p 18 lines 1–14 (Mr Chia).

(2) The Caevest project – September 2016 to March 2018

17 In 2016, RO Solutions entered into a contract with Caevest Private Limited
(“Caevest”) for a project (the “Caevest Project”). The total contract value of
the Caevest Project was S$12,944,955. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

SOC at para 69; RO Defence at para 130; Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions
(“PWS”) at para 177.

The Caevest Project commenced on 19 September 2016 and the certificate of
completion for the Caevest Project was signed on 26 and 29 March 2018. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

5 AB 4663; Transcript, 25 March 2021 at p 16 lines 26–29 and p 17 at lines
7–25 (Mr Chia).

Mr Xanthopoulos resigns

18 On 1 July 2018, Mr Xanthopoulos tendered letters of resignation to RO
Solutions and ROSE. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

3 CB 822–823.

RO Solutions accepted his resignation in a letter dated 30 July 2018. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

3 CB 844.

Mr Chia made arrangements to strike ROSE off the register and for dividends to
be distributed. Part of the dividends included receivables owing from RO
Solutions. A dividend voucher in the sum of S$81,970.83 was prepared for Mr
Xanthopoulos’s 30% share and signed by him, 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

3 CB 925.

but the dividend was not paid out as Mr Lim and Mr Srinivasan were not in
agreement. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Transcript, 5 April 2021 at p 35 lines 19–24 (Mr Srinivasan) and p 106 lines
13–31 (Mr Lim).

On 31 October 2018, Mr Srinivasan and Mr Lim made an offer by telephone to buy
out Mr Xanthopoulos’s 30% shareholding in ROSE for about S$20,000, which was
said to represent about 30% of the cash held by ROSE. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

SOC at paras 104–106; RO Defence at para 170; VL Defence at para 53; Mr
Srinivasan’s AEIC at paras 206–209; Mr Lim’s AEIC at paras 206–209; Mr
Xanthopoulos’s AEIC at paras 120–122.

Mr Xanthopoulos rejected this.

19 The writ of summons for this suit was filed on 27 June 2019.

Parties’ cases

20 Mr Xanthopoulos’s claims are in two broad categories. The first is against
RO Solutions for fees for his services in respect of the MODEC Project, the
MINOX Project and the Caevest Project (collectively, the “Projects”). The
second is a minority oppression claim against RO Solutions and Mr Lim.

Mr Xanthopoulos’s claims for unpaid fees

The contract claims

21 Mr Xanthopoulos’s contract claims rest primarily on two bases: first, a
contention that there existed a free-standing and legally binding overarching
agreement between himself and RO Solutions (the “Overarching Agreement”); 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

SOC at paras 22–23.

and second, his interpretation of the ROSE Agreement.

(1) The Overarching Agreement

22 The Overarching Agreement, on Mr Xanthopoulos’s case, was formed in
February 2012, following verbal and e-mail discussions between Mr
Xanthopoulos, Mr Lim, Mr Chia and Mr Srinivasan (who were acting for and on
behalf of RO Solutions) from November 2011 to February 2012. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

SOC at paras 18 and 23.

Pursuant to this Overarching Agreement, Mr Xanthopoulos would be directly paid
fees for the services he provided personally to any company in the ROS Group
by RO Solutions or by the relevant company in the ROS Group. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

SOC at para 22(f).

In addition, Mr Xanthopoulos would be directly paid a finder’s fee or
commission by RO Solutions for referring new clients or orders, calculated
with reference to the value of the contract secured by the relevant company in
the ROS Group. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

SOC at para 22(h).

23 On the other hand, the defendants categorically deny the existence of the
Overarching Agreement and aver that Mr Xanthopoulos’s relationship with them
is governed only by the RO Systems Agreement, and thereafter the ROSE
Agreement, which distil and record all terms agreed in their discussions from
November 2011 to February 2012. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

RO Defence at para 36 (RO Systems) and paras 50, 55–56 and 60 (ROSE); VL
Defence at paras 17 and 21; 1st and 2nd Defendants’ Closing Submissions (“RO
DWS”) at para 57.

(2) Interpretation of the ROSE Agreement

24 In the alternative, Mr Xanthopoulos argues that the terms of the
Overarching Agreement were reflected in the ROSE Agreement, 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

SOC at para 24.

and cll 5.4 and 5.5 of the ROSE Agreement should be interpreted to mean that
any company in the ROS Group that he provided project consultancy or referral
services to would be obliged to pay him. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

SOC at paras 30–31.

Accordingly, Mr Xanthopoulos seeks a declaration that the ROSE Agreement,
properly construed, does not preclude him from claiming against RO Solutions
for fees for his services rendered in respect of the Projects. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

SOC at para 85; PWS at para 52(a).

25 As against this, the defendants contend that the proper interpretation of
the ROSE Agreement is that Mr Xanthopoulos would only be paid fees by ROSE. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

RO Defence at para 69.

Further, the defendants rely on the contra proferentem rule to argue that,
because the ROSE Agreement (in particular, cl 5.5 thereof) was drafted by and
originated from Mr Xanthopoulos, any ambiguity in the ROSE Agreement should be
construed against him. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

RO Defence at para 86F; RO DWS at paras 103–105.

The defendants also aver that any request for Mr Xanthopoulos to perform work
for RO Solutions fell within the ambit of cl 5.5 of the ROSE Agreement as “in-
house work” for which the amount of “reasonable compensation”, as orally
agreed between Mr Xanthopoulos, Mr Lim, Mr Chia and Mr Srinivasan, was
S$15,000 per month. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

RO Defence at para 86; VL Defence at para 31.

In response to this, Mr Xanthopoulos contends that the monthly payments of
S$15,000 were instead paid to him for taking on the role of RO Solutions’
engineering director, pursuant to a verbal agreement he had made with Mr Chia
(acting for and on behalf of RO Solutions) in June or July 2013 (the “Verbal
Agreement”). 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

SOC at para 43; PWS at para 138.

(3) Rectification of the ROSE Agreement

26 In the further alternative, if his interpretation of the ROSE Agreement is
not accepted, Mr Xanthopoulos claims that cl 4.5, cll 5.3–5.6 and Sch 1 para 1
of the ROSE Agreement should be rectified on the basis of common or unilateral
mistake. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

SOC at paras 86 and 91; PWS at para 52(b).

(a) With regard to common mistake, Mr Xanthopoulos argues that the intention
and common accord between him, RO Solutions (as represented by Mr Lim, Mr Chia
and Mr Srinivasan) and ROSE (as represented by Mr Srinivasan) was that he
would be paid by any company in the ROS Group, and not only by ROSE. The
parties mistakenly believed that the terms of the ROSE Agreement reflected
this intention and common accord. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

SOC at paras 87–89; PWS at paras 125–126.

(b) With regard to unilateral mistake, Mr Xanthopoulos contends that Mr
Srinivasan (acting for and on behalf of ROSE) knew that the terms of the ROSE
Agreement did not reflect his intentions, yet failed to draw his attention to
this mistake. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

SOC at para 90; PWS at para 130.

27 The defendants deny that there was any mistake as to the terms of the ROSE
Agreement. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

RO Defence at para 154B; RO DWS at para 110.

They argue that there was no common intention or accord for Mr Xanthopoulos to
be remunerated by RO Solutions, or any company in the ROS Group (apart from
ROSE), for services rendered to that company. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

RO DWS at para 126–128.

Further, they aver that they had no actual or constructive knowledge of the
alleged mistake made by Mr Xanthopoulos in the ROSE Agreement, and that they
did not take unconscionable advantage of this alleged mistake. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

RO Defence at para 154A; RO DWS at paras 116–122.

(4) Mr Xanthopoulos’s entitlement to fees for the Projects

28 With regard to the Projects, Mr Xanthopoulos asserts that he rendered
project management services for the MODEC Project from November 2014 to June
2015, 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

SOC at paras 50–52; PWS at para 132.

as well as referral services for the Caevest Project (by introducing Caevest
to Mr Srinivasan) 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

SOC at paras 63–64; PWS at para 149.

and the MINOX Project (by referring this project to RO Solutions and assisting
in the formal presentations of RO Solutions’ capabilities to MINOX). 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

SOC at para 76; PWS at para 158.

He claims fees for these services from the defendants under the Overarching
Agreement, the terms of which he avers were also incorporated into the Verbal
Agreement. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

SOC at paras 43, 55, 67 and 79.

29 On the other hand, the defendants contend that Mr Xanthopoulos is not
entitled to the fees he has claimed for the Projects. They argue that the
MINOX Project and the Caevest Project were not referred to RO Solutions by Mr
Xanthopoulos. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

RO Defence at paras 140 (the MINOX Project) and 122–123 (the Caevest Project);
RO DWS at paras 187 (the MINOX Project) and 198 (the Caevest Project).

Further, the defendants argue that Mr Xanthopoulos was seconded from ROSE to
RO Solutions to perform “in-house work” for “reasonable compensation” under cl
5.5 of the ROSE Agreement, and that Mr Xanthopoulos’s services in respect of
the MODEC Project fell within the scope of such “in-house” works, for which he
was paid fees of S$15,000 per month. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

RO Defence at para 110; RO DWS at paras 101–102 and 141(b).

The unjust enrichment claims

30 In the event that his primary case based on the Overarching Agreement does
not succeed, Mr Xanthopoulos contends that RO Solutions has been unjustly
enriched by his services in respect of the Projects, for which he received no
payment. He relies on two alternative unjust factors: failure of basis and
free acceptance. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

SOC at paras 56 (the MODEC Project), 68 (the Caevest Project) and 80 (the
MINOX Project); PWS at paras 100 and 102–106.

31 The defendants deny any unjust enrichment on their part. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

RO Defence at paras 112 (the MODEC Project), 128 (the Caevest Project) and 144
(the MINOX Project).

They argue that there is no factual basis for Mr Xanthopoulos’s claim that he
provided referral services in respect of MINOX Project 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

RO DWS at paras 187 and 195.

and the Caevest Project 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

RO DWS at paras 198 and 206.

to RO Solutions, and that the ROSE Agreement regulated Mr Xanthopoulos’s work
on the MODEC Project. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

RO DWS at para 176.

Mr Xanthopoulos’s minority oppression claim

32 Mr Xanthopoulos’s second broad claim is that he has been oppressed as a 30%
minority shareholder of ROSE, within the meaning of s 216 of the Companies Act
(Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) (the “CA”). He contends that he had a legitimate
expectation that ROSE’s profits would be shared between himself and RO
Solutions in accordance with their respective shareholding, 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

SOC at para 92.

and that RO Solutions (as the 70% majority shareholder of ROSE) and Mr Lim (as
its nominee director in ROSE) have conducted ROSE’s affairs in a manner that
is oppressive and commercially unfair to him. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

SOC at para 115.

Mr Xanthopoulos relies on the following acts by RO Solutions and/or Mr Lim to
support this allegation:

(a) First, RO Solutions’ refusal to pay ROSE substantial outstanding
receivables, amounting to S$256,871.71, for the services rendered by ROSE in
respect of the MOPU BOSS1 Project from November 2013 to March 2014. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

SOC at paras 95, 108 and 115(a).

(b) Second, Mr Lim’s refusal, as a director of ROSE and acting in his capacity
as RO Solutions’ nominee director, to take action against RO Solutions to
claim these outstanding receivables. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

SOC at paras 108, 113 and 115(b).

(c) Third, RO Solutions’ and Mr Lim’s refusal to have ROSE’s assets realised
and distributed to Mr Xanthopoulos as dividends. Mr Xanthopoulos argues that
RO Solutions has, without any reasonable explanation, blocked or objected to
his repeated requests for the realisation and distribution of ROSE’s assets
(of which he would be entitled to S$96,671.73 as a 30% shareholder 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

SOC at para 106.

) and the issuance of dividends. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

SOC at paras 108, 114 and 115(c).

(d) Fourth, Mr Lim’s refusal to comply with ROSE’s articles of association to
call for a meeting of ROSE’s directors to consider the realisation of its
assets, the distribution of its profits and its striking off. Mr Xanthopoulos
had requested Mr Lim to do so but Mr Lim did not respond. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

SOC at paras 109 and 115(d).

(e) Fifth, RO Solutions’ refusal, without any explanation, to accede to a
written resolution authorising ROSE’s directors to declare dividends to ROSE’s
shareholders. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

SOC at paras 110–111 and 115(e).

33 In connection with his minority oppression claim, Mr Xanthopoulos seeks the
following relief:

(a) a declaration that RO Solutions and Mr Lim have caused ROSE’s affairs to
be conducted in a manner that is prejudicial to Mr Xanthopoulos and
constitutes oppression, or is in disregard of or prejudicial to his interests
as a shareholder of ROSE; 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

SOC at p 41 para (6); PWS at para 52(f).

and

(b) an order that RO Solutions buy out Mr Xanthopoulos’s shares in ROSE, 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

SOC at p 41 para (7).

with the share value calculated based on the net asset value of ROSE; 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

PWS at paras 52(g) and 186.

in the alternative, an order that ROSE be compulsorily wound up and its assets
realised and distributed in accordance with RO Solutions’ and Mr
Xanthopoulos’s respective shareholding in ROSE. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

SOC at p 41 para (8); PWS at para 52(h).

34 The defendants deny that Mr Xanthopoulos was treated in a commercially
unfair manner. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

RO DWS at para 13; 3rd Defendant’s Closing Submissions (“VL DWS”) at para 43.

They do not deny that RO Solutions owes ROSE receivables amounting to
S$256,871.71. However, in their defence, the defendants assert that there was
a mutual agreement and understanding between all parties involved not to
pursue the outstanding receivables owed to ROSE, and that Mr Xanthopoulos was
at all times aware of this understanding. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

RO Defence at para 175; VL Defence at para 50; RO DWS at paras 13(a) and 218;
VL DWS at para 64.

The defendants further contend that there were legitimate commercial reasons
for not acceding to Mr Xanthopoulos’s requests, and that this was not an
unfair course of action to take. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

RO DWS at para 225; VL DWS at para 73.

In particular, they argue that ROSE was a loss-making entity since the
2014/2015 financial year and that there were plans at the material time for
ROSE to be repurposed, such that it was not prudent for dividends to be issued
and for ROSE to be struck off. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

RO DWS at para 13(b).

In any event, they assert that the appropriate value for the share buyout
should be assessed based on ROSE’s most recent audited financial statements,
97

##### Foot Note 97

×

RO DWS at para 236.

or alternatively, based on an independent valuation and set-off against
operational costs provided by RO Solutions to ROSE from July 2013 to December
2018 totalling S$512,000. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

RO DWS at para 236; VL DWS at para 81.

Issues

35 Mr Xanthopoulos has made multiple and alternate claims. I approach the
various issues in the following way:

(a) First, what was the intention of the four men in creating ROSE?

(i) What were the terms agreed by the four men?

(ii) Were these terms intended to be distilled and recorded in the written
ROSE Agreement, or were they instead intended to form a free-standing
Overarching Agreement?

(b) Second, does the ROSE Agreement, properly interpreted, reflect the terms
agreed upon by the four men?

(c) Third, and because I answer the second question in the negative:

(i) May extrinsic evidence be used to prove that there was a mistake?

(ii) Was the mistake common or unilateral?

(iii) If there was a mistake such that the ROSE Agreement is to be rectified,
how should the ROSE Agreement be rectified?

(d) Fourth, as I hold that the ROSE Agreement should be rectified, may Mr
Xanthopoulos still claim restitution on the basis of unjust enrichment from
the defendants for his services in respect of the Projects?

(e) Fifth, on the basis of the permissible claims and a proper interpretation
of the rectified ROSE Agreement:

(i) Did Mr Xanthopoulos “initiate” the MINOX Project and the Caevest Project
within the meaning of cl 5.4 of the ROSE Agreement?

(ii) Is Mr Xanthopoulos able to claim additional compensation for his work on
the MODEC Project?

(f) Sixth, with regard to the minority oppression claim against RO Solutions
and Mr Lim:

(i) Was Mr Xanthopoulos oppressed as a minority shareholder of ROSE; and

(ii) If so, what is the appropriate remedy?

36 I organise my judgment in three broad sections below. First, I analyse the
contractual and restitutionary framework between the parties. The three
specific claims hinge on the legal obligations existing between the parties
and I deal with these claims in that context. The minority oppression claim is
considered subsequently as my findings on the first two issues are relevant to
the third.

Analysis on the contractual and restitutionary context

What was agreed by the four men in their negotiations?

37 Mr Xanthopoulos’s case rests on an e-mail exchange between Mr Chia, Mr Lim
and him from 29 January to 14 February 2012.

38 The object of ROSE was to grow the business of RO Solutions. On 29 January
2012, Mr Chia sent an e-mail to Mr Xanthopoulos with the subject heading “Re:
Discussion”. He stated in the e-mail that “[t]he key is ROS cannot lose
money”. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

1 CB 115.

In the same e-mail chain, in an e-mail dated 1 February 2012, Mr Xanthopoulos
sent an e-mail to the other three men, stating that he was sure they could
“grow the ROS business significantly” and that he was “in general agreement
with [their] discussion”. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

1 CB 114–115.

39 As to the terms, on 8 February 2012, Mr Xanthopoulos sent an e-mail
addressed to the other three men with the subject heading “NEW ROS Engineering
Company Formation” (the “8 February 2012 e-mail”). On the subject of “starting
a new ROS conceptual engineering company”, he set out terms and conditions
such as his receiving 30% equity in the new company, as well as defining the
term “finder’s fee”. He also asked to maintain the existing terms of his
contract with “ROS”, referring to the RO Systems Agreement. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

1 CB 114.

In the same e-mail, Mr Xanthopoulos informed the three men that he had
received a signed contract from DRL, and that it was signed with a fictitious
company called ABC Company Pte Ltd which would be changed once the new company
was formed. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

1 CB 114 and 117.

There is a “Consulting Agreement” between DRL and ROSE dated May 2012 for ROSE
to provide project management and engineering services to DRL from 15 August
to 31 December 2012. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

1 CB 200.

Mr Chia replied later the same day, agreeing to Mr Xanthopoulos’s request for
30% equity in the new company. However, he stated that it was “not fair or
acceptable” for the terms of the RO Systems Agreement to be maintained because
Mr Xanthopoulos was “already paid as a full time staff” and had been given
30%. He also stated that “BW Offshore” should be excluded from finder’s fees
as “ROS” already had a strong relationship with them. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

1 CB 126.

The next day, on 9 February 2012, Mr Xanthopoulos responded, stating that
maintaining the terms of the RO Systems Agreement was a “requirement of
[his]”, and that “BW Offshore” had to be included in the finder’s fees. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

1 CB 129–130.

40 The contents of the 8 February 2012 e-mail, with Mr Chia’s replies added in
italics and underline and Mr Xanthopoulos’s responses on 9 February 2012 in
bold, are set out in full below: 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

1 CB 129–130.

Gents,

Further on subject of starting a new ROS conceptual engineering company, I am
outlining some terms that we need to both agree upon. Once agreed, we can
proceed to register the company, etc.

Specific Terms & Conditions:

1\. Eli to receive 30% equity in the new company. Ok I am negotiable on this
but also plan on using my portion of the equity to give to key engineer(s) to
reduce their salary and improve profit margins.

2\. Maintain existing terms of Eli’s Contract with ROS. This is not fair or
acceptable. You are already paid as a full time staff and have been given 30%.
This is a requirement of mine.

3\. Suggest we clearly define “Finder’s Fee” portion in our existing contract
(and for the new company) as follows:

a. For any orders from “NEW” Clients or BW Offshore initiated by ELI and/or
his team, ELI to receive 100% of Contract terms. Ok but BWO excluded as ROS
relationship with BWO is already strong. This is a requirement of mine – refer
to my point above.

b. For all other orders for modules/packages that ROS do not currently offer
to “NEW” or existing Clients, requiring assistance from ELI and/or his team,
ELI & ROS to split 50/50 the Contract “Finder’s Fee” Terms. Ok

4\. Need to address repeat orders from “NEW” Clients and BWO brought in by
ELI. As long as the client is brought to the table by you and you ensure that
contracts are secured, it will be recurring. BWO must be included.

After further consideration, I am suggesting we use the following name for the
new company: ROS Process Pte Ltd. We support your call. Again this is only a
suggestion based on my experience.

Regarding Noble Energy Projects, I have received the Signed Contract from DRL
Engineering in Houston, who have the contracts for several Noble Energy Gas
Projects in the Eastern Mediterranean. Please find it attached. The contract
was tentatively signed for a fictitious Company called ABC Company pte Ltd. We
can change as soon as we come to agreement on company formation. I will be
starting work this week on the NOBLE ENERGY Leviathan FPSO and FLNG projects
and will probably have to travel to London next week for kick‐off meeting. We
will review contract and provide feedback only after setup of Company has been
agreed. OK

Please review and lets [sic] try and finalize ASAP.

We are running a business. Let’s ensure that the newco CANNOT INCUR LOSSES. If
we are not confident that it can make profits, better drop Noble and look for
other opportunities. Understood. My plan is to use a portion of my 30% equity
and the Finder Fee’s [sic] to reduce the salary exposure of the Lead
Engineers. Thus improving profit margins.

Best Regards,

Eli Xanthopoulos

Director ‐ Engineering

41 On 11 February 2012, Mr Lim e-mailed Mr Xanthopoulos, copying Mr Chia and
Mr Srinivasan. The e-mail, which was addressed to Mr Xanthopoulos and Mr Chia,
was intended to cut through the impasse between the two men, and stated that
they were “happy for [Mr Xanthopoulos] to keep the previous ROS terms 10K plus
commission also ontop [sic] of the new Noble salaries”, but that “minimum end
of the day will need to break even”. At the end of the e-mail, he asked, “[d]o
we agree on this?” 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

1 CB 133.

42 On the same day, Mr Xanthopoulos replied “[o]f course I agree”, before
going on to ask about registering the new company and getting an office space,
reiterating the premise of the new company: 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

1 CB 137.

I very firmly believe that with a strong Engineering Company behind ROS with
FPSO knowledge and capability, we can overcome the lack of FPSO Module
experience we want to pursue. And I am sure we can convince our FPSO clients.
I know it will come at a cost but please trust me in that I will do whatever
it takes to manage.

43 Mr Lim then replied later the same day, thanking Mr Xanthopoulos for his
agreement. By the same e-mail, he asked Mr Chia to “set up the company, inject
50 or 100 K first for running capital”. He proposed three names, including
“ROS Engineering”, and encouraged the fast build-up of the new engineering
company: 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

1 CB 142.

Will need you [ie, Mr Xanthopoulos] to push getting more engineers on board,
as this will support the biz and start the ball rolling, all the best my
friend! and for any biz the first year is most crucial, got to get the sales
in fast to cover the cost and convince clients without track record and
competitors will be out to kill etc…..but youre [sic] almost there!

44 On 14 February 2012, Mr Xanthopoulos replied, agreeing to the name “ROS
Engineering” for the new company. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

1 CB 148.

He later sent another e-mail addressed to Mr Chia, asking for the terms to be
“in writing” so that they were “all on the same page”. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

1 CB 154.

Mr Chia then e-mailed Mr Xanthopoulos stating that he would have a 30% share
in the new company, that the RO Systems Agreement would be terminated as it
would be replaced by an agreement with ROSE, and that Mr Xanthopoulos would
have to “revise the agreement to reflect what had been agreed”. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

1 CB 154.

45 The key terms agreed on by the four men on e-mail as at 14 February 2012
were therefore as follows:

(a) The terms of the RO Systems Agreement would be maintained. Accordingly, Mr
Xanthopoulos would earn a monthly salary of S$10,000 (per cl 5.1 of the RO
Systems Agreement) albeit as the managing director of ROSE. Mr Xanthopoulos
was entitled to keep the new salaries he received from independent sources
such as DRL.

(b) Mr Xanthopoulos would receive a 30% share of the equity in ROSE, which was
intended to be an engineering company leveraging on his FPSO network,
expertise and experience.

(c) For projects initiated by him involving new clients, Mr Xanthopoulos would
earn commissions at the rates set out in the RO Systems Agreement. For other
projects involving modules or packages which RO Solutions did not at that time
offer, which required his or ROSE’s assistance, Mr Xanthopoulos would earn 50%
of the commission.

What legal effect did the parties’ agreement have?

46 A critical question is whether the parties intended their agreement to be
distilled into a written agreement, or whether they intended their e-mails to
have independent legal effect. Mr Xanthopoulos contends that the discussions
between the four men from November 2011 to February 2012 gave rise to a free-
standing Overarching Agreement.

47 The facts do not, however, support Mr Xanthopoulos’s case, for the
following reasons. In order for a binding agreement to be formed, there must
be a single point in time when the necessary consensus ad idem is reached: see
Day, Ashley Francis v Yeo Chin Huat Anthony and others [2020] 5 SLR 514 (“Day
Ashley Francis”) at [46]. There must be a “deeper appreciation of the context
of the agreement” by examining “the whole course of negotiations”, and a
contract is formed at the point of “unqualified acceptance” (Day Ashley
Francis at [47]). Identifying such a precise point of formation is important
not only because it affects matters such as the applicable limitation period
for contractual actions, but also because it is “necessary in order to give
commercial certainty to the parties that their continuing negotiations would
not be taken to be a binding contract unless there was a clear acceptance at
some point in time” (Day Ashley Francis at [48]–[49]). It is important to
ensure that a party “who subjectively views that he is merely engaging in
negotiations is not unfairly bound by a contract he did not subjectively
intend to enter” (Day Ashley Francis at [49]). Thus, Mr Xanthopoulos must be
able to pinpoint a precise point in time that a free-standing agreement
materialised from these negotiations.

48 In my view, Mr Xanthopoulos has not succeeded in establishing this. The
e-mails show that the four men intended to distil the agreed terms into
writing. On 14 February 2012, Mr Xanthopoulos wrote that he “would like to get
in writing the terms we agreed to so we are all on the same page” and asked
how they should go about doing this. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

1 CB 154.

In Mr Chia’s reply, he informed Mr Xanthopoulos that the RO Systems Agreement
was to be terminated and replaced by “an agreement with [ROSE]”. Mr Chia also
instructed Mr Xanthopoulos to “revise the agreement to reflect what had been
agreed”. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

1 CB 154.

Clause 12 of the ROSE Agreement, which states that the agreement superceded
previous agreements and constituted the entire agreement between parties,
should be read in this light. On 4 April 2012, Mr Xanthopoulos sent the
revised draft of the ROSE Agreement to Mr Chia, Mr Lim and Mr Srinivasan,
stating in his covering e-mail that he had “revised [his] existing agreement
with ROS to reflect [his] new employment agreement with [ROSE]”. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

1 CB 172.

This draft became the ROSE Agreement. The necessary consensus ad idem
envisaged by Day Ashley Francis at [46] was found in their agreement with the
written draft ROSE Agreement after 4 April 2012.

49 In this context, I deal with Mr Xanthopoulos’s pleading that the
Overarching Agreement was formed as a legally binding agreement when his offer
of terms was accepted by Mr Lim and/or Mr Chia by e-mail on 11 February 2012
and 14 February 2012. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

SOC at para 23.

He also goes on to plead that “[t]he terms of the above agreement [ie, the
Overarching Agreement] and common understanding were reflected in a ROSE
Service Agreement dated 1 May 2012”. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

SOC at para 24.

This refers to the ROSE Agreement. Mr Xanthopoulos thus appears to plead that
both the Overarching Agreement and the ROSE Agreement were valid agreements.
In his closing submissions, counsel for Mr Xanthopoulos argued that because
the Overarching Agreement concluded via the e-mail negotiations was not
expressly stated to be “subject to contract”, a valid contract was formed
between the four men in February 2012, and the subsequent written ROSE
Agreement was “an entirely different agreement”. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

PWS at para 92; Transcript, 28 June 2021 at p 6 lines 20–30 and p 14 lines
1–11.

This ties in with Mr Xanthopoulos’s secondary argument that the written ROSE
Agreement, being ineffective in recording the earlier Overarching Agreement
concluded over e-mail, could not supersede the Overarching Agreement. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

Transcript, 28 June 2021 at p 14 lines 12–16.

50 My reasons at [48] above explain that this position is not borne out by the
evidence. The four men intended for their final agreement to be in written
form and the ROSE Agreement was that written form.

51 Accordingly, I hold that the Overarching Agreement did not have any
independent legal effect. The question that follows, therefore, is whether the
ROSE Agreement reflected the parties’ understanding of what they agreed on
e-mail.

Did the ROSE Agreement reflect the parties’ intention?

52 Mr Xanthopoulos’s case is that the ROSE Agreement reflected either a common
mistake on the part of the relevant parties or a unilateral mistake on his
part. I deal preliminarily with the role of extrinsic evidence in this
context.

Role of extrinsic evidence

53 The defendants’ contention is that parol evidence should be excluded.
Extrinsic evidence may be considered in determining whether a mistake has been
made in the contract that requires rectification: see Zurich Insurance
(Singapore) Pte Ltd v B-Gold Interior Design & Construction Pte Ltd [2008] 3
SLR(R) 1029 (“Zurich Insurance”) at [56] (citing Lord Hoffmann’s restatement
of the applicable principles in Investors Compensation Scheme Ltd v West
Bromwich Building Society [1998] 1 WLR 896 (“ICS”) at 912–913) and [132(f)].
As Lord Hoffmann observed in ICS at 913, the relevant background “may not
merely enable the reasonable man to choose between the possible meanings of
words which are ambiguous but even (as occasionally happens in ordinary life)
to conclude that the parties must, for whatever reason, have used the wrong
words or syntax”. Where extrinsic evidence leads the court to conclude that
parties have used the wrong words, rectification may be an appropriate remedy
(Zurich Insurance at [123] and [132(f)]).

54 Mr Xanthopoulos bears the burden of showing “convincing proof” that the
ROSE Agreement did not accord with the parties’ continuing common intention at
the time of its execution and that his proposed changes will accord with that
intention. In producing “convincing proof”, all relevant evidence is
admissible, including declarations of subjective intent: Yap Son On v Ding Pei
Zhen [2017] 1 SLR 219 (“Yap Son On”) at [64]–[65]. As such, the e-mail
negotiations are relevant and admissible evidence for the purposes of Mr
Xanthopoulos’s alternative argument for rectification of the ROSE Agreement
because of either common or unilateral mistake.

Whether the facts show any mistake

55 Mr Xanthopoulos’s contention is that the ROSE Agreement did not reflect
that it was intended to regulate the dealings and payments between Mr
Xanthopoulos and RO Solutions. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

PWS at para 126.

To analyse whether this was so, we return to what parties agreed, summarised
at [45].

56 In the RO Systems Agreement, RO Systems was the contracting party. No clear
distinction was made between RO Solutions and RO Systems in the RO Systems
Agreement. Nothing turned on the distinction because RO Systems was wholly
owned by RO Solutions. All three directors of RO Solutions admitted that “ROS”
was used to refer to both RO Solutions and RO Systems interchangeably. Mr Chia
stated that RO Systems and RO Solutions were “the same ROS”. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

Transcript, 23 March 2021 at p 59 lines 29–32.

Similarly, Mr Srinivasan said that when he used the name “ROS”, “in [the] back
of [his] mind, [he did not] think about whether [he was] referring [to RO]
Systems or [RO] Solutions”. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

Transcript, 31 March 2021 at p 69 lines 11–14.

Mr Lim said that when he used “ROS”, he could be referring to both RO Systems
and RO Solutions. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

Transcript, 5 April 2021 at p 62 lines 3–14.

Mr Chia explained at trial that RO Solutions was formed so that he, Mr Lim and
Mr Srinivasan could migrate their business over from RO Systems. The business
in RO Systems could slowly be wound down, whilst they took on new business in
RO Solutions. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

Transcript, 23 March 2021 at p 56 line 21 to p 57 line 5.

In the interim period when RO Solutions had not yet been placed on their
customers’ approved vendor lists, they would bid for new contracts under RO
Systems, which was on those lists. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

Transcript, 23 March 2021 at p 93 line 28 to p 94 line 9.

Mr Srinivasan’s and Mr Lim’s evidence was that RO Systems was a “legacy
company” that was “tasked with performing ongoing contracts”. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

Mr Srinivasan’s AEIC at para 32; Mr Lim’s AEIC at para 32.

The same logo was used by both RO Systems and RO Solutions. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

Transcript, 23 March 2021 at p 58 lines 4–7, read with 1 CB 17.

57 It is in this context that Mr Lim’s instruction to “keep the previous ROS
terms” in his e-mail dated 11 February 2012 should be considered. The lack of
distinction between different corporate vehicles appears to have carried over
to the discussions leading up to the ROSE Agreement and to ROSE after its
formation in March 2012. RO Solutions, RO Systems and ROSE operated as a group
and not independently. At trial, Mr Chia testified that the three companies
were operated by “the same team of people” and corporate functions such as
finance and human resources were “shared across the entire group”. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

Transcript, 23 March 2021 at p 119 lines 2 and 16–22.

When Mr Chia and Mr Xanthopoulos met with potential clients, they marketed the
three companies together as a group because they were not sure, at the time of
marketing, which company would be the best entity to bid for each job. 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

Transcript, 23 March 2021 at p 120 lines 13–17.

Mr Chia explained that RO Solutions was the “strongest entity” in the ROS
Group to secure big new projects because it had the “most net tangible assets”
and could “pass the financial test of [their] customers”. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

Transcript, 23 March 2021 at p 92 lines 20–32.

Mr Chia’s understanding was that Mr Xanthopoulos was to be paid a commission
by whichever company in the ROS Group he secured a project for, because “the
key [was] to use the best company, the most suitable company, to bid for the
project and win the project”. 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

Transcript, 23 March 2021 at p 116 line 31 to p 117 line 11.

58 Mr Xanthopoulos’s understanding that he would be paid commissions by
whichever company in the ROS Group he secured projects for is borne out by his
responses to Mr Chia on 9 February 2012, as set out in bold at [40] above. In
that e-mail, Mr Xanthopoulos stated that his “plan [was] to use a portion of
[his] 30% equity and the Finder Fee’s [sic] to reduce the salary exposure of
the Lead Engineers”, thereby “improving profit margins”. This was in response
to Mr Chia’s concern that ROSE should not incur losses. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

1 CB 130.

When this response is read in context, it indicates that Mr Xanthopoulos must
have envisioned, at the time of the ROSE Agreement, that his commission could
be paid by a company in the ROS Group other than ROSE. If his commission had
to be paid by ROSE, then (as Mr Lim acknowledged 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

Transcript, 5 April 2021 at p 77 lines 14–30.

) this amount would appear as a liability on ROSE’s books. It is unclear how
that could have assisted in improving ROSE’s profit margins or preventing ROSE
from incurring losses.

59 The various contradictions in the defendants’ case bring out this point
clearly. The defendants’ case is that the relationship between Mr
Xanthopoulos, RO Solutions and ROSE was governed entirely by the ROSE
Agreement at all material times 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

RO DWS at para 12(a).

and that the ROSE Agreement was the only valid agreement between them. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

Transcript, 28 June 2021 at p 39 lines 10–11.

This literal interpretation has three defects.

60 First, RO Solutions would have no commercial relationship with Mr
Xanthopoulos. This contradicts the intention of the parties to replace the RO
Systems Agreement with another agreement encompassing a new joint venture.

61 Second, cl 5.4 of the ROSE Agreement would not make commercial sense. With
ROSE defined as the “Company” within cl 5.4, Mr Xanthopoulos would only be
paid commissions (by ROSE) for projects initiated by him and secured by ROSE,
excluding projects secured by RO Systems or RO Solutions. Indeed the
defendants raised at trial the argument that ROSE could be the company to
secure the project and thereafter subcontract the project on a back-to-back
basis to RO Solutions, or could make a joint bid with RO Solutions. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

Transcript, 30 March 2021 at p 88 lines 16–28 and p 90 lines 5–8.

This argument was not pleaded or mentioned in the defendants’ affidavits of
evidence-in-chief and was raised for the first time at trial, during the
cross-examination of Mr Xanthopoulos. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

PWS at para 75; Transcript, 28 June 2021 at p 35 lines 27–32.

It was in any event untenable. ROSE was a new company with no track record,
whereas RO Systems, and increasingly RO Solutions, had an established client
base and were on customers’ approved vendor lists. 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

Transcript, 31 March 2021 at p 126 lines 10–19 (Mr Srinivasan).

Mr Srinivasan agreed that ROSE could not have secured contracts for large-
scale FPSO projects unless it was supported by RO Solutions. 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

Transcript, 31 March 2021 at p 126 lines 26–30 and p 127 at lines 1–12.

Existing clients of RO Solutions, such as BW Offshore, would want to award a
main contract to RO Solutions (with which it had an established relationship)
and not to ROSE. 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

Transcript, 1 April 2021 at p 30 lines 17–32.

Further, as Mr Chia explained, being on customers’ approved vendor lists was
“extremely important” in bidding for jobs in this business and only RO Systems
and RO Solutions were on these approved vendor lists. Nor would it, according
to Mr Chia, “make sense for [them] in ROS to allow [ROSE] to jump onto the
approved vendor list and to compete with RO Solutions directly”. 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

Transcript, 24 March 2021 at p 121 lines 13–22.

RO Solutions was thus far better placed to secure these projects. Moreover,
ROSE was positioned as a conceptual engineering or engineering consultancy
company and was not meant to carry out fabrication work itself. 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

Mr Xanthopoulos’s AEIC at para 38; Transcript, 5 April 2021 at p 80 lines 5–16
(Mr Lim).

As repeatedly expressed by Mr Chia, the parties’ ultimate aim was to grow the
business of the ROS Group as a whole so that they would benefit as
shareholders. 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

Transcript, 23 March 2021 at p 72 lines 24–27 and p 73 lines 2–4; Transcript,
24 March 2021 at p 94 lines 1–2 and 19–20 and p 101 at lines 20–24;
Transcript, 25 March 2021 at p 78 lines 24–26 and p 79 lines 22–24.

The reason for paying Mr Xanthopoulos commissions for referrals, Mr Chia
explained, was to encourage him “not just to grow ROSE using whatever means he
can in ROSE, but also [to] help us in [RO] Systems and [RO] Solutions to grow
[their] business as much as [they could]”. 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

Transcript, 24 March 2021 at p 136 lines 10–16.

62 Third, the defendants’ case assumes that Mr Xanthopoulos’s engineering work
for RO Solutions is “in-house work” within the meaning of cl 5.5 of the ROSE
Agreement. That it was RO Solutions which paid the additional S$15,000 a month
was not disputed. If the liability was that of ROSE and not RO Solutions, it
would indicate that RO Solutions paid Mr Xanthopoulos without any proper legal
basis. Rather, what is plain is that work for RO Solutions was interpreted by
all concerned to be “in-house”. 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

Transcript, 1 April 2021 at p 59 lines 16–18 and p 61 lines 1–8.

The specific mistake

63 All these reasons point to RO Solutions, and not ROSE, being the correct
contracting party to the ROSE Agreement. Confusion between entities is seen
throughout the ROSE Agreement. Even though ROSE is defined as the “Company” in
the preamble to the ROSE Agreement, the clauses that remained unamended from
the old RO Systems Agreement used the word in the context of RO Solutions.
Clause 5.1 is the same in both contracts. It states, specifically, that Mr
Xanthopoulos’s salary would be reviewed “with reference to the progress of the
business of the Company and the Group Companies”. 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

1 CB 194.

64 At the same time, the fresh clauses are not consistent, and reflect the
drafting of the legally untrained. Clause 5.2 deals with Mr Xanthopoulos’s
equity in “ROS Engineering Pte. Ltd.”, ignoring any use of the definition of
the “Company” in the preamble.

65 Clause 5.4 is an amalgam of cl 5.2 of the original RO Systems Agreement and
an additional half. The first half, taken from the RO Systems Agreement,
envisaged RO Solutions as the “Company”: 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

1 CB 194.

5.4 A Commission in addition to the salary as provided in Clause 5.1 shall be
as follows for any projects initiated by Appointee and secured by Company:

5% of the value of the contract up to S$5M (million).

3% of the value of the contract up to S$5M~50M

2% of the value of the contract up to S$50~100M

1% of the value of the contract up to S$100M

The amount shall be computed as follows: As an example, a purchase order in
the amount of 8 million dollars would generate a Commission of 5 million x 5%
= S$250,000, plus 3 million at 3% = S$90,000 for a total of S$340,000.

Mr Xanthopoulos’s freshly drafted second half deals specifically with RO
Solutions and RO Systems by name and attempts a definition of the “ROS Group”
which ought to have first been introduced together with the other terms
defined in cl 1 and propagated at appropriate points throughout the ROSE
Agreement.

66 Clauses 5.3 and 5.5 reflect Mr Xanthopoulos’s attempt to redraft cll 4.1
and 4.2 of the RO Systems Agreement. Clause 4.1 provides that Mr
Xanthopoulos’s “[s]ervices provided to help execute any projects are excluded
in this agreement but can be negotiated in writing along with remuneration for
[the] same on a case by case basis”. 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

SOC at para 16; RO Defence at para 43; 1 CB 109.

Clause 4.2 states that Mr Xanthopoulos “shall during his employment under this
Agreement perform the duties and exercise the powers which the Directors or
the Board may from time to time properly assign to him or in connection with
the business of the Company and its Group Companies, and without prejudice to
the generality of the foregoing”. 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

SOC at para 14; RO Defence at para 41; 1 CB 109.

At cl 5.5, Mr Xanthopoulos introduces the word “in-house” without referring to
whether this means RO Solutions, RO Systems or ROSE.

Was the mistake common or unilateral?

67 Mr Xanthopoulos seeks equitable and not common law rectification. To prove
common mistake, he must show that the parties were in complete agreement on
the relevant term, but by an error had recorded that term incorrectly. This is
to be ascertained objectively, by looking at the parties’ outward acts and
then comparing them with the document which they have signed: OUE Lippo
Healthcare Ltd (formerly known as International Healthway Corp Ltd) and
another v Crest Capital Asia Pte Ltd and others [2020] SGHC 142 at [328]. The
elements of rectification based on common mistake are (Yap Son On at [67]):

(a) the parties had a common continuing intention, whether or not amounting to
an agreement, in respect of a particular matter in the instrument to be
rectified;

(b) there was an outward expression of accord;

(c) the intention continued at the time of the execution of the instrument
sought to be rectified; and

(d) by mistake, the instrument did not reflect that common intention.

68 In my judgment, the mistake was common, not unilateral. The e-mails from 29
January to 14 February 2012 show that all four men intended to appoint Mr
Xanthopoulos as the managing director of ROSE, but ROSE was a conceptual
engineering company designed to benefit RO Solutions, either directly, or
through RO Systems. Mr Xanthopoulos’s referral services and “in-house work”,
in the same vein, were intended to grow the business of RO Solutions, either
directly, or through RO Systems. What the four men envisaged was an agreement
between, on the one hand, RO Solutions as the majority shareholder of ROSE
(acting through Mr Chia, Mr Srinivasan and Mr Lim as its controlling minds),
and on the other, Mr Xanthopoulos as the minority shareholder of ROSE. In
respect of the ROSE Agreement, Mr Chia first made the mistake by asking Mr
Xanthopoulos to amend the RO Systems Agreement to change the contracting party
to ROSE, and Mr Xanthopoulos then made the same mistake by doing so. This
fundamental mistake permeated the ROSE Agreement. The subsequent conduct of
the four men also reflects that they were operating under this mistake at the
time that the ROSE Agreement was signed and in the years that followed after.

The appropriate rectifications

69 The mistake regarding the proper contracting party permeated the ROSE
Agreement, was common on the part of all four men, and grounds Mr
Xanthopoulos’s claim for equitable rectification. The rectifications that are
appropriate therefore would delineate the entities properly in the clauses in
dispute. For the purposes of the suit, the necessary rectifications would be
the following: RO Solutions, rather than ROSE, would be party to the ROSE
Agreement. RO Solutions should be referred to as the “Company” in the
preamble. Thus “Company” in the first half of cl 5.4 would refer to RO
Solutions, and RO Systems should be included because these were the two
companies on various vendor lists. The term “in-house work” within cl 5.5
would refer to work done within the entire ROS Group, which Mr Xanthopoulos
had defined in cl 5.4(b). The specific changes to cll 5.4 and 5.5 (the clauses
relevant to the three specific claims) should be as follows, with two
amendments in bold italics (cl 5.3 is set out here only for the purposes of
reference in relation to cl 5.5):

5.3 Appointee to receive 100% of any consulting work fee’s [sic] billed and
performed directly by himself.

5.4 A Commission in addition to the salary as provided in Clause 5.1 shall be
as follows for any projects initiated by Appointee and secured by Company or
RO Systems:

5% of the value of the contract up to S$5M (million).

3% of the value of the contract up to S$5M~50M

2% of the value of the contract up to S$50~100M

1% of the value of the contract up to S$100M

The amount shall be computed as follows: As an example, a purchase order in
the amount of 8 million dollars would generate a Commission of 5 million x 5%
= S$250,000, plus 3 million at 3% = S$90,000 for a total of S$340,000.

To further clarify the commission described above and to preclude any future
misunderstanding:

a. For any orders from “NEW” Clients initiated by Appointee and/or his team,
Appointee to receive 100% of Commission described above.

b. For all other orders for modules/packages that Rotating Offshore Solutions
Pte. Ltd., Rotating Offshore Systems Pte. Ltd. or other affiliated group
businesses (refer to all aforementioned as “ROS Group”) do not currently offer
to “NEW” or existing Clients, requiring assistance from Appointee and/or his
team, Appointee shall receive 50% of Commission described above.

5.5 Regarding compensation for managing & executing of [sic] any in-house work
for the ROS Group. Appointee agrees not to charge any additional fee assuming
he is billing for consulting work being performed directly by himself as per
5.3 above. In the event that Appointee is not billing or performing consulting
work as in 5.3 above, then reasonable compensation agreed by both parties
shall be paid to Appointee to manage and execute this work. If there is no in
house work to manage/execute, then only the terms of 5.1 and 5.4 shall apply.

70 In making these rectifications, I do not include any of the further and
more wide-ranging amendments requested by Mr Xanthopoulos in Annex A of his
Statement of Claim. Counsel for Mr Xanthopoulos confirmed in his oral closing
submissions that he was seeking, amongst his alternative claims, a
rectification of the contracting party to the ROSE Agreement, 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

Transcript, 28 June 2021 at p 68 lines 3-17.

and counsel for the defendants agreed that paragraphs 87 and 89 and prayer (2)
of the Statement of Claim are broad enough to envisage the amendment of the
contracting party. 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

Transcript, 28 June 2021 at p 70 lines 22-29.

The rectifications made above at [69] are sufficient to fulfil the intention
of the four men as summarised at [45]. I have also held, at [48], that the
four men intended for this rectified ROSE Agreement to govern their
relationship. The question that follows, then, is whether this rectified ROSE
Agreement is exhaustive in setting out their obligations to each other, or
whether, as Mr Xanthopoulos contends, restitutionary obligations also apply.

Claims in unjust enrichment

71 Mr Xanthopoulos’s claim in unjust enrichment asserts that the ROSE
Agreement should be “construed such that it does not preclude RO Solutions
from paying such fees [ie, fees for the Projects] under the Overarching
Agreement or in unjust enrichment” [emphasis in original]. 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

PWS at para 117.

This is because the ROSE Agreement, on the defendants’ construction (and in
its unrectified form), “posits arrangements between [Mr Xanthopoulos] and ROSE
only”, and “leaves a lacuna as to any legal relationship between [Mr
Xanthopoulos] and RO Solutions” [emphasis in original omitted]. 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

PWS at para 120.

72 As I have found that the ROSE Agreement should be rectified such that Mr
Xanthopoulos would be paid by any company in the ROS Group for the services he
rendered to that company, the basis of his unjust enrichment claim falls away.
The ROSE Agreement, as rectified, does not leave any lacuna as to the legal
relationship between Mr Xanthopoulos and RO Solutions. On the contrary, the
ROSE Agreement was a valid contractual arrangement which governed the
relationship between him and RO Solutions and provided for the payment of his
fees at the material time.

73 It follows from this that the law of restitution for unjust enrichment has
no part to play in this matter. In Alwie Handoyo v Tjong Very Sumito and
another and another appeal [2013] 4 SLR 308 (“Alwie Handoyo”), the Court of
Appeal rejected the unjust enrichment claim on the ground that the plaintiffs
had contracted for a particular payment to be made by one of the defendants
(“Antig”) to a third party (“OAFL”). Under the contract between the plaintiffs
and Antig, as interpreted by the Court of Appeal, Antig was contractually
obliged to make the payment to OAFL and it did so. To allow the plaintiffs to
recover that payment from OAFL via unjust enrichment “would be to undermine
the contractual bargain under the [contract] which the [p]laintiffs and Antig
agreed on” (Alwie Handoyo at [103]–[104]).

74 The Court of Appeal cited the House of Lords decision of Pan Ocean Shipping
Co Ltd v Creditcorp Ltd [1994] 1 WLR 161 (“Pan Ocean”), which involved a valid
and subsisting contract between the plaintiff (the charterer) and another
company (the shipowner), under which that company had assigned its right to
the benefit of payment to the defendant (the shipowner’s assignee). The Court
of Appeal at [105]–[106] of Alwie Handoyo agreed with the following remarks
made by Lord Goff of Chieveley in Pan Ocean at 164 and 166:

[A]s between shipowner and charterer, there is a contractual regime which
legislates for the recovery of overpaid hire. It follows that, as a general
rule, the law of restitution has no part to play in the matter; the existence
of the agreed regime renders the imposition by the law of a remedy in
restitution both unnecessary and inappropriate. Of course, if the contract is
proved never to have been binding, or if the contract ceases to bind,
different considerations may arise, as in the case of frustration …. With such
cases as these, we are not here concerned.

…

I am of course well aware that writers on the law of restitution have been
exploring the possibility that, in exceptional circumstances, a plaintiff may
have a claim in restitution when he has conferred a benefit on the defendant
in the course of performing an obligation to a third party (see, e.g., Goff
and Jones on the Law of Restitution, 4th ed. (1993), pp. 55 et seq., and (for
a particular example) Burrows on the Law of Restitution, (1993) pp. 271-272).
But, quite apart from the fact that the existence of a remedy in restitution
in such circumstances must still be regarded as a matter of debate, it is
always recognised that serious difficulties arise if the law seeks to expand
the law of restitution to redistribute risks for which provision has been made
under an applicable contract.

[emphasis added]

75 The contracts in Alwie Handoyo and Pan Ocean were concluded between the
plaintiffs and a third party. These principles would apply with even greater
force where the plaintiff and the defendant have a contract. Party autonomy
would be imperative. For example, the English Court of Appeal in MacDonald
Dickens & Macklin (a firm) v Costello and others [2012] QB 244 at [23], in a
passage cited in Alwie Handoyo at [108], stated that the general rule of
upholding parties’ contractual arrangements “reflects a sound legal policy
which acknowledges the parties’ autonomy to configure the legal relations
between them and provides certainty”. In a similar vein, Prof Tang Hang Wu in
his chapter in Research Handbook on Unjust Enrichment and Restitution (Elise
Bant, Kit Barker and Simone Degeling eds) (Edward Elgar Publishing, 2020) at
pp 103–104 states that unjust enrichment “may usually only operate if there is
no valid contract between the claimant and the defendant”, and that it is
“only in exceptional cases that an unjust enrichment claim may operate where
there is a subsisting contract”, as it is “not for the courts to re-write the
contract between the parties” and “upset the agreed distribution of risks”.
Prof Tang goes on to observe (at pp 105–106 and 107) that for unjust
enrichment to apply where there is a contract between the parties, a claimant
must first be able to establish that the contract is void or rescinded due to
a vitiating factor or discharged due to breach, or that there is a gap in the
contract. If not, “then contractual principles should govern and the unjust
enrichment argument would be a non-starter” (at pp 107–108).

76 Therefore, I find that the rectified ROSE Agreement precludes Mr
Xanthopoulos’s claim for fees for the Projects based on unjust enrichment.
Clauses 5.4 and 5.5 of the ROSE Agreement, as rectified, provide for Mr
Xanthopoulos’s remuneration for referrals and in-house work done for any
company in the ROS Group. Such remuneration is governed by the four corners of
the rectified ROSE Agreement. In these circumstances, the contractually agreed
conditions for Mr Xanthopoulos’s remuneration should be upheld, and he cannot
instead opt to claim these fees from RO Solutions on a restitutionary basis.

Analysis on the three specific claims

77 In the result, Mr Xanthopoulos is only able to claim against RO Solutions
in respect of fees that are owing under the rectified ROSE Agreement. It is in
this context that I deal with Mr Xanthopoulos’s claims in respect of each of
the Projects in turn.

Claims under cl 5.4 of the ROSE Agreement

78 Clause 5.4 of the ROSE Agreement, as rectified, entitles Mr Xanthopoulos to
claim commissions for any projects “initiated” by him and “secured” by the
relevant company in the ROS Group.

The MINOX Project

79 Mr Xanthopoulos claims a commission for referring the MINOX Project to RO
Solutions. He asserts that in or around July 2014, he engaged Mr Knut Hvidsand
(“Mr Hvidsand”), the vice president of MINOX. He then referred the MINOX
Project to RO Solutions and assisted in the formal presentations of RO
Solutions’ capabilities to MINOX. Eventually, RO Solutions secured the MINOX
Project. 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

PWS at paras 158–159.

RO Solutions and ROSE contend that Mr Xanthopoulos did not refer the MINOX
Project to RO Solutions. They argue that it was Mr Hvidsand who initiated
contact with RO Solutions for the MINOX Project. 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

RO DWS at paras 12(d) and 187.

(1) Mr Hvidsand’s evidence

80 Mr Xanthopoulos contends that Mr Hvidsand had known him since 2007 or 2008
in a work capacity before he joined the ROS Group, when he was working at
Prosafe Production Pte Ltd. 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

PWS at para 162.

Mr Hvidsand did not dispute this under cross-examination, 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

Transcript, 25 March 2021 at p 102 lines 1–17.

but he qualified this by stating that his “main contact” had been a different
person and that he had only met Mr Xanthopoulos in the corridors and did not
remember having any meetings with him at this time. 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

Transcript, 25 March 2021 at p 101 lines 11–20.

Rather, Mr Hvidsand was of the view that he had met Mr Lim around 2007, and he
approached RO Solutions because of Mr Lim. 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief of Knut Hvidsand (“Mr Hvidsand’s AEIC”) at
paras 13–14.

81 Mr Xanthopoulos argues that Mr Hvidsand’s and the defendants’ evidence on
this issue is unreliable for several reasons.

(a) First, Mr Hvidsand states in his evidence that he had met Mr Lim around
2007. 160

##### Foot Note 160

×

Mr Hvidsand’s AEIC at para 13.

He then states that he was introduced to RO Solutions through Mr Lim and that
he was informed that RO Solutions “had deep expertise and experience in, among
other things, the construction and fabrication of large floating production
process units as well as in handling large scale off-loading projects”. 161

##### Foot Note 161

×

Mr Hvidsand’s AEIC at para 14.

This was corroborated by Mr Lim’s evidence. 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

Mr Lim’s AEIC at para 158.

Mr Xanthopoulos argues that this is unreliable as RO Solutions did not even
exist in 2007; only its predecessor company (East Asia Energy) did, 163

##### Foot Note 163

×

PWS at para 164(a).

a fact that was testified to by Mr Lim. 164

##### Foot Note 164

×

Transcript, 5 April 2021 at p 93 lines 1–5.

He further points to the fact that RO Solutions only took on its first MOPU
project in 2014 and its first large module fabrication for an FPSO in 2015,
165

##### Foot Note 165

×

PWS at para 164(b).

which Mr Lim confirmed. 166

##### Foot Note 166

×

Transcript, 5 April 2021 at p 95 lines 7–13.

Under cross-examination, Mr Lim accepted that this meant that his statement to
Mr Knut that RO Solutions had deep expertise in the construction and
fabrication of large FPSO storage and in handling large scale off-loading
projects, in his affidavit of evidence-in-chief, was incorrect. 167

##### Foot Note 167

×

Transcript, 5 April 2021 at p 95 lines 18–24.

(b) Second, Mr Xanthopoulos asserts that Mr Hvidsand’s evidence on his contact
with Mr Lim are bare assertions. 168

##### Foot Note 168

×

PWS at para 165.

Mr Hvidsand asserts that he met with Mr Lim in early June 2014 and again in
August 2014. 169

##### Foot Note 169

×

Mr Hvidsand’s AEIC at paras 21–22.

Mr Xanthopoulos argues that there are no notes or e-mails relating to any of
these meetings, and that although Mr Hvidsand claims that he relied on his
notes, none of these have been disclosed. As such, he submits that an adverse
inference should be drawn against Mr Hvidsand. 170

##### Foot Note 170

×

PWS at para 165.

(c) Third, Mr Xanthopoulos submits that Mr Hvidsand’s evidence is contradicted
by contemporaneous documents. 171

##### Foot Note 171

×

PWS at para 167.

First, Mr Hvidsand claimed that he did not meet Mr Xanthopoulos in August 2014
in his affidavit of evidence-in-chief, 172

##### Foot Note 172

×

Mr Hvidsand’s AEIC at paras 23(c) and 28.

yet there is an e-mail dated 25 September 2014 (the “25 September 2014
e-mail”) that shows otherwise as it refers to “[their] discussion in Singapore
last month”. 173

##### Foot Note 173

×

Core Bundle of Documents, Vol 2 (“2 CB”) 630.

When shown this e-mail, Mr Hvidsand explained that he had lunch with Mr
Xanthopoulos, Mr Lim and Mr Srinivasan, and that Mr Xanthopoulos had brought
up the MOPU D18 Project. 174

##### Foot Note 174

×

Transcript, 25 March 2021 at p 115 line 19 to p 116 line 23.

82 Mr Hvidsand and Mr Lim both had points of poor recall. However, Mr
Xanthopoulos bears the burden of proving that he was the one who referred the
MINOX Project to RO Solutions. He does not raise more than bare assertions.
The relevant e-mail correspondence with MINOX does not support these
assertions, but rather, those of the defendants.

(2) E-mail correspondence

83 Mr Xanthopoulos further relies on the 25 September 2014 e-mail from Mr
Hvidsand which references the August 2014 discussion between himself and Mr
Hvidsand. 175

##### Foot Note 175

×

2 CB 630.

MINOX first evinced its intention to award the contract for the MINOX Project
to RO Solutions in an e-mail dated 29 August 2014. 176

##### Foot Note 176

×

5 AB 4084.

When these two e-mails are read together, Mr Xanthopoulos argues that this
shows that it was he who had brought the MINOX Project to RO Solutions. 177

##### Foot Note 177

×

PWS at paras 169 and 172.

But this evidence is equivocal on whether Mr Xanthopoulos had referred the
MINOX Project to RO Solutions. First, the 25 September 2014 e-mail referred to
the MOPU D18 Project, not the MINOX Project. Further and more importantly, by
this time, there were already discussions between MINOX and RO Solutions a
month prior in July 2014.

84 These discussions between MINOX and RO Solutions are found in an e-mail
chain from 8 to 28 July 2014. While Mr Xanthopoulos and Mr Lim were copied on
this e-mail chain, they did not participate in the discussions – rather, it
was Mr Srinivasan and two other RO Solutions employees communicating with
MINOX. 178

##### Foot Note 178

×

2 CB 556–565.

The dates of these e-mails corroborate Mr Hvidsand’s evidence that he had
agreed with Mr Lim that RO Solutions would make its first bid for the MINOX
Project on 4 July 2014. 179

##### Foot Note 179

×

Mr Hvidsand’s AEIC at para 21.

Furthermore, Mr Xanthopoulos was not copied on any of these e-mails until Mr
Srinivasan copied him on an e-mail dated 25 July 2014 which arranged the
meeting in August 2014. 180

##### Foot Note 180

×

2 CB 557.

This further supports the position that the meeting in August 2014 was not
with Mr Xanthopoulos alone, but rather, with the whole RO Solutions team. Mr
Xanthopoulos, at this point in time, was on his S$15,000 monthly fee
arrangement with RO Solutions.

85 In totality, the e-mails do not support Mr Xanthopoulos’s case. The only
e-mail he can point to is the 25 September 2014 e-mail which makes a vague
reference to a discussion in August 2014. Mr Srinivasan’s e-mail on 25 July
2014 suggests that this discussion was not with Mr Xanthopoulos alone, which
takes the weight out of any suggestion that it was he who led MINOX to evince
its intention to award the contract to RO Solutions in the e-mail dated 29
August 2014. Importantly, the July 2014 e-mails run completely contrary to Mr
Xanthopoulos’s case that he had engaged Mr Hvidsand around that time. The
e-mails show that there were ongoing discussions between other members of RO
Solutions and MINOX, and Mr Xanthopoulos was not even copied on these e-mails
until the end of July 2014.

The Caevest Project

86 Mr Xanthopoulos also claims a commission for referring the Caevest Project
to RO Solutions. He contends that he did so through Mr Ernest Enver (“Mr
Enver”) of Caevest. On or around 30 April 2016, Mr Enver had contacted him
regarding the Caevest Project and he had informed Mr Enver that RO Solutions
was interested in participating in the project. Mr Enver then sent an e-mail
to Mr Xanthopoulos alone with a request for information and a request for a
quotation for the Caevest Project. Mr Xanthopoulos forwarded this e-mail to Mr
Srinivasan and Mr Chia. After this, Mr Srinivasan followed up with an e-mail
to Mr Enver expressing RO Solutions’ interest in the Caevest Project and
ultimately secured the Caevest Project on behalf of RO Solutions. 181

##### Foot Note 181

×

PWS at paras 149–150.

87 It is clear that Mr Enver had contacted Mr Xanthopoulos on 30 April 2016
through e-mail and that Mr Xanthopoulos had forwarded this e-mail to Mr
Srinivasan on 1 May 2016. 182

##### Foot Note 182

×

3 CB 746–748; Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief of Enver Druce Ernest at para 18.

However, RO Solutions and ROSE contend that Mr Enver did so not because of Mr
Xanthopoulos, but rather, because the two companies had worked together on a
prior project with a third party and Caevest was already aware of the
competencies of RO Solutions. They allege that Mr Enver was directed to
contact any representative of RO Solutions and thus it was not Mr Xanthopoulos
who referred RO Solutions to Caevest. 183

##### Foot Note 183

×

RO DWS at paras 198–206.

88 The key issue here is the interpretation of the phrase “initiated by
Appointee and secured by the relevant company in the ROS Group” which appears
in cl 5.4 of the ROSE Agreement (as rectified). 184

##### Foot Note 184

×

1 CB 194.

Mr Xanthopoulos has premised his argument on a literal reading of the word
“initiate”. He argues that “initiate” simply means “causing a process to
begin” and that this is exactly what he had done regarding the Caevest
Project. 185

##### Foot Note 185

×

PWS at para 156.

89 There are two difficulties with Mr Xanthopoulos’s argument. First, it is
not disputed that it was Mr Enver who telephoned Mr Xanthopoulos on 30 April
2016 (see [86] above). If a literal approach were taken, it would be Mr Enver
of Caevest who “initiated” contact. Mr Xanthopoulos thereafter linked Mr Enver
to Mr Srinivasan.

90 The second difficulty may be more fundamental. In interpreting the word
“initiate”, reference may be had to the negotiation context as admissible
extrinsic evidence. These e-mails would be admissible as they are relevant,
reasonably available to all the contracting parties and relate to a clear or
obvious context, and would not contradict or vary the written words of cl 5.4
of the ROSE Agreement: see Zurich Insurance, as summarised at [53] above.

91 In these e-mails from 8–9 February 2012 (as set out at [39]–[40] above), Mr
Chia emphasised the need for the client to be new. Mr Xanthopoulos’s response
was to emphasise that he would bring new work to the table even for existing
clients and he was to be recognised for his role. What emerges from these
e-mails is that the parties envisioned that Mr Xanthopoulos would only be paid
a commission for extra work that he brought to RO Solutions using his
expertise and contacts and which RO Solutions would not otherwise get. In
other words, Mr Xanthopoulos must have had some instrumentality in enabling RO
Solutions to secure the project and cannot merely have been a conduit for
interested customers. The ultimate aim, as Mr Chia said on the stand, was to
“grow the group business” such that the shareholders would “gain the
benefits”. 186

##### Foot Note 186

×

Transcript, 23 March 2021 at p 72 line 27 and p 73 lines 3–4.

Mr Chia explained that he did not think Mr Xanthopoulos should be entitled to
commissions for securing new business from BW Offshore because RO Solutions
“[did not] need his relationship with BWO for … ROS … to secure new jobs from
BWO” 187

##### Foot Note 187

×

Transcript, 23 March 2021 at p 97 lines 28–32.

and that he “[did not] want a case where [they had] conflicts down the road …
whereby [Mr Xanthopoulos] claim[ed] … that he introduced BWO to [them] as a
customer when, in fact, [they] already kn[e]w BWO very well”. 188

##### Foot Note 188

×

Transcript, 23 March 2021 at p 98 lines 2–4.

92 In context, Mr Enver contacted Mr Xanthopoulos out of convenience: see [87]
above. Caevest was aware of RO Solutions’ prior work and approached RO
Solutions because of its known competencies. The word “initiate” has to be
interpreted by reference to commercial efficacy. In Zurich Insurance at [129],
the Court of Appeal remarked that the benefits of adopting the contextual
approach to contractual interpretation were “flexibility and accord with
commercial common sense”. At [131] of Zurich Insurance, the Court of Appeal
endorsed the summary of principles set out in Gerard McMeel, The Construction
of Contracts: Interpretation, Implication, and Rectification (Oxford
University Press, 2007) at paras 1.124–1.133, including that “due
consideration is given to the commercial purpose of the transaction or
provision” and that the courts “have regard to the overall purpose of the
parties with respect to a particular transaction, or more narrowly the reason
why a particular obligation was undertaken” [emphasis in original]. In this
case, Mr Xanthopoulos’s literal reading of the word “initiate” does not accord
with commercial common sense as it would mean that RO Solutions was obliged to
pay him commissions even for projects where his help was not crucial to its
securing the project. In contrast, Mr Chia stated in no uncertain terms, they
were “here to do business” and “here to make money”. 189

##### Foot Note 189

×

Transcript, 24 March 2021 at p 15 lines 2–3.

93 Accordingly, I do not think the objective evidence demonstrates that the
word “initiate” was meant to take on the literal meaning that Mr Xanthopoulos
suggests. Applying an interpretation in line with the relevant commercial
context, I hold that the MINOX Project was not initiated by Mr Xanthopoulos.

Claim for fees for the MODEC Project

94 Clause 5.5 of the ROSE Agreement, as rectified, entitles Mr Xanthopoulos to
“reasonable compensation agreed by both parties” for managing and executing
work for RO Solutions. The defendants’ case is that the S$15,000 fee that Mr
Xanthopoulos received after June 2013 covered all his work for RO Solutions.
Mr Xanthopoulos contends, on the basis of his Verbal Agreement with Mr Chia,
that the fee was paid to him for taking on the role of engineering director at
RO Solutions.

95 The history surrounding the projects completed after the start of the
S$15,000 monthly fee arrangement is relevant. Mr Chia’s evidence was that any
payment would be “on a case-by-case basis … subject to agreement, subject to
discussion”. 190

##### Foot Note 190

×

Transcript, 23 March 2021 at p 114 lines 18–19.

For the MOPU BOSS1 Project, Mr Chia agreed with Mr Xanthopoulos that ROSE
would be paid directly instead of Mr Xanthopoulos and Mr Xanthopoulos would
then receive his 30% share of the sums paid to ROSE. 191

##### Foot Note 191

×

Transcript, 23 March 2021 at p 114 lines 13–16; Transcript, 25 March 2021 at p
93 lines 7–8 and 14–17.

Mr Chia also sent Mr Xanthopoulos an e-mail on 26 October 2013 stating that
ROSE should bill RO Solutions. 192

##### Foot Note 192

×

6 AB 5145.

Therefore, during the period when the MOPU BOSS1 Project was ongoing, which
was up to March 2014, both ROSE and Mr Xanthopoulos were remunerated by RO
Solutions. Work on the MODEC Project subsequently started in November 2014.
193

##### Foot Note 193

×

Transcript, 23 March 2021 at p 127 line 22.

The MOPU D18 Project then started after the MODEC Project, in or around June
2015. 194

##### Foot Note 194

×

Mr Xanthopoulos’s AEIC at para 61; Transcript, 1 April 2021 at p 74 lines 9–18
(Mr Srinivasan).

In contrast to the MOPU BOSS1 Project, for the MOPU D18 Project which followed
after the MODEC Project, Mr Chia explained that he convinced Mr Xanthopoulos
not to charge, because RO Solutions was struggling financially at that point
due to losses incurred from the MOPU BOSS1 Project. 195

##### Foot Note 195

×

Transcript, 23 March 2021, p 115 line 21 to p 116 line 5.

96 Mr Xanthopoulos argues that the payments made by RO Solutions for the MOPU
BOSS1 Project support his claim for fees for the MODEC Project, on the footing
that it was similar to the MODEC Project. 196

##### Foot Note 196

×

PWS at para 141.

He relies on Mr Chia’s testimony that there was a “common understanding” for
both the MOPU BOSS1 Project and the MODEC Project that Mr Xanthopoulos needed
to be compensated for his services. 197

##### Foot Note 197

×

Transcript, 24 March 2021 at p 8 lines 25–28.

I reject this argument for two reasons. First, the monthly S$40,000 payments
were to ROSE, not to Mr Xanthopoulos. Therefore, the past payments do not
assist Mr Xanthopoulos’s case. Second, while there is no dispute that Mr Chia
had promised the payment for the MOPU BOSS1 Project to ROSE, there is no
evidence of any agreement for the MODEC Project. Specific remuneration
agreements were made between Mr Chia and Mr Xanthopoulos in relation to both
the MOPU BOSS1 Project (which preceded the MODEC Project) and the MOPU D18
Project (which followed the MODEC Project). In the absence of agreement,
neither the contract nor Mr Chia’s practice indicated that there was any
obligation to pay. It was implicit in Mr Chia’s evidence that there was no
agreement made with Mr Xanthopoulos for payment. When Mr Chia was confronted
with the fact that he had given inconsistent instructions to the defendants’
solicitors that Mr Xanthopoulos was not entitled to fees for the MODEC
Project, his only explanation was that his memory had been “triggered” after
reading Mr Xanthopoulos’s affidavit and that RO Solutions had been so busy
with the MOPU BOSS1 Project and the MOPU D18 Project that they “forgot … about
all these agreements and every month [they] just ma[d]e a monthly payment”.
198

##### Foot Note 198

×

Transcript, 24 March 2021 at p 139 lines 1–17.

Mr Chia did not state that he had agreed on any compensation to be paid to Mr
Xanthopoulos for the MODEC Project.

97 Therefore, Mr Xanthopoulos had no entitlement to additional remuneration
for the MODEC Project under cl 5.5. What about his alternative claim in unjust
enrichment? I have held at [76] that no claim in restitution may be made in
the present case because the rectified ROSE Agreement defines the parties’
relationship. Clause 5.5 requires prior agreement. As Mr Xanthopoulos is
unable to claim these fees for the MODEC Project under cl 5.5 because the
stipulated requirement of a prior agreement was not satisfied, he cannot now
bring a claim for these fees in unjust enrichment.

Mr Xanthopoulos’s failure to raise the three claims at an earlier stage

98 Of relevance is Mr Xanthopoulos’s failure to ask for payment for any of the
three Projects until his e-mail on the last day of his notice period, 31 July
2018, where he asked that “ROS consider dispersing” [emphasis added] any
remaining funds in the liquidation of ROSE to him as he had “contributed over
the years either directly or indirectly in securing jobs for ROS”, listing the
MODEC Project, the MINOX Project and the Caevest Project as examples. 199

##### Foot Note 199

×

9 AB 8227.

He made no attempt to claim his fees in stages while each of the Projects was
ongoing, or even on the completion of the MODEC Project (on 29 March 2016),
the MINOX Project (on 6 February 2017) and the Caevest Project (on 29 March
2018). Similarly, when he referenced the three claims again on 27 September
2018 in his e-mail enclosing the signed dividend voucher for his 30% share, he
asked Mr Chia, Mr Lim and Mr Srinivasan to “consider paying [him] the entire
dividend given the time and effort [he had] put in over the years” [emphasis
added], and mentioned the three Projects. 200

##### Foot Note 200

×

3 CB 917.

His posture was not that of strict legal entitlement.

99 According to Mr Xanthopoulos, his understanding was that he was to be
remunerated on a “pay on pay basis”, which meant that he would only be paid
after the customer had paid RO Solutions in full at the end of the project.
201

##### Foot Note 201

×

PWS at para 37.

100 In my view, this argument is not convincing. The concept of “pay on pay
basis” had been explained to him by Mr Chia as early as 9 December 2011, in
the course of their e-mail exchange leading up to the RO Systems Agreement. As
Mr Chia explained, this meant that Mr Xanthopoulos could be paid whenever the
customer paid the company in stages, and not that his commissions would be
payable only after the customer had paid the company in full at the end of the
project. In any event, RO Solutions was paid in full for the MODEC Project and
the Caevest Project before Mr Xanthopoulos’s departure. MODEC paid sometime
after October 2017 (more than two years after Mr Xanthopoulos’s involvement
with the MODEC Project ended around June 2015) 202

##### Foot Note 202

×

PWS at para 38; Transcript, 1 April 2021 at p 74 lines 2–5 (Mr Srinivasan).

and the Caevest Project ended in March 2018. 203

##### Foot Note 203

×

PWS at para 39; 1 CB 28.

Only the payments for the MINOX Project ended after his departure in September
2019. 204

##### Foot Note 204

×

PWS at para 40; 1 CB 29.

There is no evidence that Mr Xanthopoulos made queries as to when each of the
Projects was to be fully paid for. Further, the particular “payable only after
the Customer has paid the Company” line was dropped from cl 5.4 of the ROSE
Agreement when Mr Xanthopoulos amended it in his version of 4 April 2012. 205

##### Foot Note 205

×

1 CB 176–177.

101 Mr Xanthopoulos’s belated claim for work done for the MODEC Project is
even less convincing. This claim was not for a finder’s fee, but for his work
as a project manager. Any sums owing should have been paid on a monthly basis.
For the DRL project, he had submitted monthly time sheets as requested by DRL.
While this was explained as DRL’s requirement, he would have been aware that
such work would be accounted for each month. As a further example, for the
MOPU BOSS1 Project, ROSE received S$40,000 each month as agreed with Mr Chia.
That Mr Xanthopoulos did not seek payment while working on the project month
after month reflects his understanding that it was not outside the scope of
work for which he was already being remunerated.

102 Accordingly, Mr Xanthopoulos’s explanation that he did not claim his fees
at an earlier stage because he was focused on his other work does not pass
muster.

Minority oppression

Was Mr Xanthopoulos oppressed as a minority shareholder of ROSE?

103 Mr Xanthopoulos’s final claim is as a minority shareholder of ROSE.
Section 216 of the CA allows a shareholder to bring an action for relief
where: (a) the company’s affairs or the directors’ powers are being exercised
in a manner oppressive to one or more shareholders, or in disregard of one or
more shareholders’ interests; or (b) some act of the company has been done or
threatened or a members’ resolution is passed or proposed which unfairly
discriminates against or is otherwise prejudicial to one or more shareholders
(Ascend Field Pte Ltd and others v Tee Wee Sien and another appeal [2020] 1
SLR 771 (“Ascend Field”) at [27]). This encapsulates four limbs: oppression,
disregard of a shareholder’s interests, unfair discrimination and prejudice to
the shareholder: Ho Yew Kong v Sakae Holdings Ltd and other appeals and other
matters [2018] 2 SLR 333 (“Sakae Holdings”) at [81]. The “common thread
underpinning the entire section is the element of unfairness”, specifically,
“[c]ommercial fairness”, which is the “touchstone by which the court
determines whether to grant relief under s 216”: Over & Over Ltd v Bonvests
Holdings Ltd and another [2010] 2 SLR 776 (“Over & Over”) at [70] and [81].
The court will look into the legal rights and legitimate expectations of the
company’s members and whether they were considered by the majority: Over &
Over at [78]. Thus, the inquiry before me is whether the affairs of ROSE were
conducted in a manner that was commercially unfair.

104 The commercial unfairness alleged by Mr Xanthopoulos is RO Solutions’ non-
payment of outstanding receivables amounting to S$256,871.71 to ROSE, and its
failure to distribute dividends amounting to S$96,671.73 to Mr Xanthopoulos.

Non-payment of receivables to ROSE

105 It is undisputed that RO Solutions owes ROSE receivables amounting to
S$256,871.71. The defendants’ defence is that there was a mutual agreement and
understanding between RO Solutions and ROSE, which was arrived at before Mr
Xanthopoulos’s departure from the ROS Group, for these receivables to be
written off. According to the defendants, this mutual understanding was
arrived at in view of the expenses incurred by RO Solutions in subsidising the
operations of and providing various facilities and resources to ROSE over the
years. 206

##### Foot Note 206

×

RO DWS at para 218; VL DWS at paras 37, 39 and 64.

The defendants rely on Mr Lim’s and Mr Srinivasan’s evidence that there was
such an understanding and that it was communicated to Mr Xanthopoulos. 207

##### Foot Note 207

×

RO DWS at paras 218–219; Transcript, 5 April 2021 at p 105 lines 22–26 (Mr
Lim); Transcript, 5 April 2021 at p 12 lines 8–19 (Mr Srinivasan).

The defendants also argue that this mutual understanding is borne out by the
fact that Mr Xanthopoulos did not take any steps to pursue these receivables
while he was the managing director of ROSE, despite knowing that they were
owed. 208

##### Foot Note 208

×

RO DWS at para 221; VL DWS at paras 64 and 67.

Mr Xanthopoulos denies the existence of this mutual understanding. 209

##### Foot Note 209

×

Mr Xanthopoulos’s AEIC at para 124; PWS at para 45.

His explanation for his omission to pursue the receivables was that he
“trusted [his] partners” and that they would pay him one day as long as these
receivables were reflected on ROSE’s accounts. 210

##### Foot Note 210

×

Transcript, 31 March 2021 at p 50 lines 18–32.

106 The defendants have not provided any particulars of this alleged mutual
understanding that ROSE would not pursue the receivables owed to it by RO
Solutions, such as how or when this understanding was formed and its terms.
There is no evidence to corroborate their bare assertions that this
understanding existed.

107 Further, it seems unbelievable that if such a mutual understanding
existed, it would not be recorded in any minute sheets, e-mails, or corporate
resolutions. The sum of receivables owed is not insignificant and it would
have made more sense that an understanding to write it off would be mentioned
in a contemporaneous document. This makes it unlikely that the alleged mutual
understanding existed.

108 Mr Lim and Mr Srinivasan stated in their affidavits of evidence-in-chief
that they recalled that a credit note was meant to be issued by ROSE to RO
Solutions to record that the alleged receivables had been written off, but
this credit note was never issued due to an oversight by the accounting
department. 211

##### Foot Note 211

×

Mr Lim’s AEIC at para 188; Mr Srinivasan’s AEIC at para 188.

However, this purported explanation holds no water. The defendants have not
adduced any evidence of their intention to issue such a credit note and none
was ever issued. Further, Mr Lim, as RO Solutions’ nominee director in ROSE,
signed off on ROSE’s financial statements each year which listed the
receivables as such, and never raised any concerns as to whether these
receivables were indeed payable. 212

##### Foot Note 212

×

Transcript, 5 April 2021 at p 109 lines 11–22 (Mr Lim).

If the mutual understanding alleged by the defendants had existed, Mr Lim
would have had many opportunities to put on record that these receivables had
been written off pursuant to the parties’ agreement or mutual understanding,
yet he made no attempt to do so.

109 To the contrary, Mr Chia testified that he had asked Mr Xanthopoulos to
hold off on claiming the fees owed for the MOPU BOSS1 Project because RO
Solutions was on the brink of bankruptcy at the time, but that ROSE was to be
paid later when RO Solutions had the financial means to pay. 213

##### Foot Note 213

×

Transcript, 24 March 2021 at p 17 line 26 to p 18 lines 8 and 15–16.

By the time of Mr Xanthopoulos’s departure, it appeared that RO Solutions had
sufficient funds. On 27 September 2018, Ms Loh Soo Kim, RO Solutions’
accountant (“Ms Loh”), 214

##### Foot Note 214

×

Mr Xanthopoulos’s AEIC at para 48; Mr Lim’s AEIC at para 192; Transcript, 24
March 2021 at p 17 lines 9–12 (Mr Chia).

sent an e-mail to Mr Xanthopoulos instructing him to check and sign on an
attached dividend voucher. 215

##### Foot Note 215

×

3 CB 917 and 924–925.

The explanation for the non-payment of the receivables given by Mr Lim and Mr
Srinivasan to Mr Xanthopoulos during their tele-conversation on 31 October
2018 was that RO Solutions had insufficient funds to pay ROSE the receivables.
216

##### Foot Note 216

×

3 CB 958; Transcript, 5 April 2021 at p 45 lines 3–17 (Mr Srinivasan) and p
115 line 29 to p 116 line 8 (Mr Lim).

This explanation was untrue. RO Solutions’ financial statements dated 25 June
2019 show that in the financial year ended 31 March 2019, it had S$22.4m in
total current assets (including S$10.8m in cash and bank balances) and its
share capital and accumulated profits amounted to S$25,222,527. 217

##### Foot Note 217

×

3 CB 1063 and 1067; PWS at para 51.

110 During the trial, Mr Lim also raised a belated claim that the receivables
were to be set off against the services provided by RO Solutions to ROSE. 218

##### Foot Note 218

×

Transcript, 5 April 2021 at p 12 lines 18–19.

This claim is untenable as there is no evidence of any such agreement to set
off the receivables against RO Solutions’ services or of such set-off having
been effected.

Reflective loss

111 The defendants also submit that in any event, the “loss” to Mr
Xanthopoulos from RO Solutions’ non-payment of receivables to ROSE is not
grounds for a minority oppression action under s 216 of the CA because it is
merely a reflection of the loss to ROSE. They contend that Mr Xanthopoulos
should instead have brought a derivative action under s 216A of the CA. 219

##### Foot Note 219

×

VL DWS at para 68.

112 It is well established that s 216 of the CA should not be used to
vindicate wrongs which are in substance wrongs committed against a company and
which are thus corporate rather than personal in nature. This prevents the
improper circumvention of the proper plaintiff rule and the no reflective loss
principle: Suying Design Pte Ltd v Ng Kian Huan Edmund and other appeals
[2020] 2 SLR 221 at [30]. However, it is also clear that the same set of facts
can give rise to both personal wrongs and corporate wrongs: Teelek Realty Pte
Ltd and others v Ng Tang Hock [2021] SGCA 70 at [62]. As the Court of Appeal
explained in Sakae Holdings at [116], the appropriate analytical framework to
ascertain whether a claim is appropriately pursued under s 216 is to consider:

(a) Injury

(i) What is the real injury that the plaintiff seeks to vindicate?

(ii) Is that injury distinct from the injury to the company and does it amount
to commercial unfairness against the plaintiff?

(b) Remedy

(i) What is the essential remedy that is being sought and is it a remedy that
meaningfully vindicates the real injury that the plaintiff has suffered?

(ii) Is it a remedy that can only be obtained under s 216?

113 In the present case, I find that the real injury which Mr Xanthopoulos
seeks to vindicate is a personal wrong arising from the non-payment of the
dividends to which he is entitled as a 30% shareholder of ROSE, which in turn
arise from the non-payment of the receivables to ROSE as these form part of
the dividends to be distributed. The commercial bargain struck between Mr
Xanthopoulos and RO Solutions when ROSE was formed, as the minority and
majority shareholders of ROSE respectively, was for him to be entitled to 30%
of what ROSE received. This profit-sharing arrangement was the basis on which
he sought to take on a share of the equity in ROSE. Indeed, this was also
understood by Mr Lim and Mr Srinivasan, who stated that Mr Xanthopoulos’s
intention behind the formation of ROSE was to earn a share of its profits. 220

##### Foot Note 220

×

Mr Lim’s AEIC at para 58; Mr Srinivasan’s AEIC at para 58.

Further, the receivables owed are payments for services rendered by Mr
Xanthopoulos, through ROSE, in respect of the MOPU BOSS1 Project. The non-
payment of receivables to ROSE therefore gave rise to commercial unfairness
against Mr Xanthopoulos as a member of ROSE, namely, the fact that he has not
been paid the full value of his shares. This is distinct from any injury
suffered by ROSE itself.

114 With this in mind, I turn to consider Mr Xanthopoulos’s argument that the
non-payment of dividends to him crossed the threshold of commercial
unfairness.

Non-payment of dividends to Mr Xanthopoulos

115 It is not disputed that no dividends were paid out while Mr Xanthopoulos
was with ROSE. The defendants contend that there were legitimate commercial
reasons for refusing to realise ROSE’s assets and distribute dividends to Mr
Xanthopoulos because ROSE had been a loss-making entity for several years and
there were plans to repurpose ROSE and preserve it as a going concern. 221

##### Foot Note 221

×

RO DWS at para 225; VL DWS at paras 18 and 73.

116 In appropriate circumstances, the non-payment of dividends can amount to
“oppression” or “disregard” within the meaning of s 216(1)(a) of the CA: Re
Gee Hoe Chan Trading Co Pte Ltd [1991] 2 SLR(R) 114 (“Gee Hoe Chan Trading”)
at [35]. The facts of Gee Hoe Chan Trading were rather more extreme, involving
majority shareholders who had “lined their pockets with the profits of the
company in the form of either salaries and bonuses … and/or directors’ fees”
while the minority shareholders were “getting nothing at all either in terms
of directors’ fees or dividends”. This led Chao Hick Tin J (as he then was) to
conclude that the majority shareholders had “acted in the affairs of the
company in their own interest rather than in the interest of the members as a
whole” (Gee Hoe Chan Trading at [38]).

117 The defendants argue that the facts of Gee Hoe Chan Trading are entirely
distinct from those of the present case because Mr Xanthopoulos was given his
30% shareholding in ROSE for a nominal fee and was entitled to a generous
remuneration package. 222

##### Foot Note 222

×

RO DWS at para 227–228.

However, the relevant issue is that of “upholding the commercial agreement
between the shareholders of the company”: Ascend Field at [29]. In this case,
the commercial agreement between RO Solutions and Mr Xanthopoulos was
essentially a profit-sharing arrangement under which he was entitled to 30% of
what ROSE received. The fact that Mr Xanthopoulos received substantial
remuneration over the years as well as 30% of ROSE’s shares 223

##### Foot Note 223

×

VL DWS at para 14.

does not detract from that commercial bargain.

118 The defendants also rely on Cost Engineers (SEA) Pte Ltd and another v
Chan Siew Lun [2016] 1 SLR 137 at [20] for the proposition that a shareholder
generally has no direct right to the profits of a company and a company
generally has no obligation to declare dividends. 224

##### Foot Note 224

×

VL DWS at paras 70 and 72; Transcript, 28 June 2021 at p 51 lines 1–17.

However, as I have found that the basis of the parties’ commercial bargain in
this case was for Mr Xanthopoulos to receive a 30% share of the profits
received by ROSE, the basis of this arrangement no longer held after Mr
Xanthopoulos had left ROSE and the ROS Group. In these circumstances, it was
valid for him to ask for ROSE to be struck off and for dividends to be
distributed. Even on the defendants’ explanation that they want to preserve
ROSE as a going concern, it would be commercially unfair for Mr Xanthopoulos
not to be paid his due in the form of dividends, in accordance with this
commercial bargain.

The appropriate remedy

119 Mr Xanthopoulos seeks a declaration that RO Solutions and Mr Lim have
conducted ROSE’s affairs in a manner that is oppressive to him and an order
for RO Solutions to buy out his shares in ROSE. He proposes using the share
value calculated on the net asset value of ROSE as ROSE is presently not
actively conducting any business or generating any revenue. 225

##### Foot Note 225

×

SOC at p 41 para (7); PWS at paras 52(g) and 186.

Based on ROSE’s audited financial statements dated 10 July 2018 and balance
sheet dated 30 September 2018, the value of its total current assets (ie, the
sum of its cash assets and receivables owing from RO Solutions) and its total
capital (its accumulated profits and share capital less its current year
earnings) was S$322,239.10. 226

##### Foot Note 226

×

3 CB 833 and 926.

Mr Xanthopoulos’s 30% entitlement would be in the sum of S$96,671.73. 227

##### Foot Note 227

×

PWS at para 186.

120 The defendants propose that the purchase price for Mr Xanthopoulos’s
shareholding should be assessed by an independent valuer, valued at the date
of the buyout order and set off against the operational costs borne by RO
Solutions for ROSE from July 2013 to December 2018, amounting to S$512,000.
228

##### Foot Note 228

×

RO DWS at para 236; VL DWS at para 81.

Alternatively, RO Solutions and ROSE agree that Mr Xanthopoulos’s 30%
shareholding in ROSE should be bought out at a fair market value, which should
be assessed based on ROSE’s most recent audited financial statements. However,
they argue that a discount should be applied to reflect Mr Xanthopoulos’s
minority stake because Mr Xanthopoulos intended to give up his 30%
shareholding from the moment he voluntarily left ROSE and RO Solutions and
this was not caused by the conduct of RO Solutions. 229

##### Foot Note 229

×

RO DWS at paras 233–236.

121 The discretion of the court to make an order under s 216 of the CA is very
wide, with the caveat that it must be made “with a view to bringing an end or
remedying the matters complained of”: Kumagai Gumi Co Ltd v Zenecon Pte Ltd
and others and other appeals [1995] 2 SLR(R) 304 at [71]. In my judgment, RO
Solutions should buy out Mr Xanthopoulos’s shareholding in ROSE for the sum of
S$96,671.73, as claimed by Mr Xanthopoulos, without any discount on the basis
of his minority stake. In so ordering, I return to the commercial agreement
made between the four men in early 2012. ROSE was formed as an engineering
company, to bring in new work to RO Solutions on the strength of Mr
Xanthopoulos’s reputation and to grow the business of the ROS Group. While
ROSE has not been as successful as they hoped, the profits generated ought
still to be divided in line with the commercial bargain that they made. Mr Lim
and Mr Srinivasan are chagrined that a substantial component includes amounts
payable by RO Solutions. These amounts were, however, agreed upon by RO
Solutions’ managing director. ROSE billed as agreed with no evidence of
queries were posed by the other RO Solutions directors in the years following
despite their visibility in the financial statements. With Mr Xanthopoulos’s
departure, the purpose for which ROSE was formed has come to an end. Mr
Xanthopoulos and Mr Chia’s agreement in September 2018 to wind up ROSE and
distribute dividends 230

##### Foot Note 230

×

Mr Xanthopoulos’s AEIC at para 114.

was a fair commercial resolution, and the refusal of the other RO Solutions
directors to agree resulted in commercial unfairness. ROSE has not been
utilised for any projects since that time.

122 In this specific context, the defendants’ argument for a minority discount
is not apt. While Mr Xanthopoulos’s departure was voluntary and did not arise
out of oppression by RO Solutions as the majority shareholder, the latter’s
refusal to pay Mr Xanthopoulos his share of their joint gains together is
oppressive. If Mr Lim and Mr Srinivasan now wish to repurpose the company for
other uses, they ought to do so on a clean slate.

123 As for the set-off now mooted by the defendants, any set-off ought to have
been agreed and applied in the course of the parties’ dealings, not at the
present point in time. That no set-off was discussed is not surprising. ROSE
gave up its lease for its separate office in mid-2013, around the same time
that RO Solutions started paying Mr Xanthopoulos S$15,000 a month for his
services. 231

##### Foot Note 231

×

Mr Srinivasan’s AEIC at paras 93 and 96.

As a logical matter, the parties would have taken all relevant matters into
account when negotiating Mr Xanthopoulos’s S$15,000 monthly fee. To impose a
set-off now would not be fair.

124 Coming to the sum for the buyout, it is not necessary for an independent
valuer to be appointed because ready figures are available. A declaration is
also not necessary in view of the quantifiable sum. Mr Xanthopoulos’s 30%
shareholding may be quantified with reference to ROSE’s cash assets and
receivables owing from RO Solutions, being S$322,239.10. In this context, I
note that the dividend voucher sent by Ms Loh to Mr Xanthopoulos on 27
September 2018 stated that he would be entitled to S$81,970.83. 232

##### Foot Note 232

×

3 CB 917 and 924–925.

This was 30% of S$273,236.10, which in turn was the amount of remaining funds
in the ROSE account or ROSE’s accumulated profits less its current year
earnings. I do not use this figure as it fails to take into account ROSE’s
share capital, which amounted to S$49,003. Mr Xanthopoulos’s right to this
amount is premised on cl 5.2 of the ROSE Agreement, which entitles him to “30%
equity” in ROSE. His 30% shareholding in ROSE should therefore be valued at
S$96,671.73 for the purposes of the share buyout by RO Solutions.

Conclusion

125 I therefore order RO Solutions to purchase Mr Xanthopoulos’s 30%
shareholding in ROSE for the sum of S$96,671.73. I shall hear counsel on
costs.

Valerie Thean  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Ronald Wong Jian Jie and Lopez Stacey Millicent Xue Mei (Covenant Chambers
LLC) for the plaintiff;  
Ramachandran Doraisamy Raghunath and Kyle Gabriel Peters (PDLegal LLC) for the
first and second defendants;  
Aqbal Singh s/o Kuldip Singh, Wong Yiping and Cheng Cui Wen (Pinnacle Law LLC)
for the third defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 31 Aug 2021 (11:27 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

