Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC 164

Criminal Case No 55 of 2019

Between

Public Prosecutor  
---  
  
And

Gunasilan Rajenthiran  
---  
  
grounds of decision

[Criminal Law] — [Statutory offences] — [Misuse of Drugs Act]

[Evidence] — [Proof of evidence] — [Presumptions]

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Statements] — [Voluntariness]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  
v

  

Gunasilan Rajenthiran

[2021] SGHC 164

General Division of the High Court — Criminal Case No 55 of 2019  
Valerie Thean J  
2–5, 10–13 November 2020, 25 January 2021, 3, 28 May 2021

7 July 2021

Valerie Thean J:

Introduction

1 Gunasilan Rajenthiran, a 27-year-old male Malaysian national (“the accused”)
was charged with importing cannabis into Singapore under s 7 of the Misuse of
Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed) (“MDA”):

YOU ARE CHARGED at the instance of the Public Prosecutor and the charge
against you is:

That you, GUNASILAN RAJENTHIRAN,

are charged that you, on 25 July 2018 at or about 7.35a.m., at Tuas
Checkpoint, Arrival Motorcycle Zone 3, Lane 76, Singapore, did import into
Singapore a controlled drug listed in Class A of the First Schedule to the
Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed) (“the Act”), to wit, five (05)
blocks containing not less than 1,475.3 grams of vegetable matter which was
analysed and found to be cannabis, without authorisation under the said Act or
the Regulations made thereunder, and you have thereby committed an offence
under section 7 punishable under section 33(1) of the Act, and further upon
your conviction under section 7 of the Act, you may alternatively be liable to
be punished under section 33B of the Act.

2 I convicted him on the charge as framed on 3 May 2021. The criteria under s
33B(2) of the MDA were met. I sentenced him to life imprisonment and 15
strokes of the cane on 28 May 2021. The accused has appealed against his
conviction and sentence. These are my grounds of decision.

Facts

3 At the material time, the accused was residing in Malaysia and working in
Singapore as a production worker at Nelco Products Pte Ltd (“Nelco”). 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Statement of Agreed Facts dated 15 September 2020 (“SOAF”) at para 1.

He entered Singapore through Tuas Checkpoint on motorcycle each working day. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Transcript, 12 November 2020, p 80 lines 9–17.

On 25 July 2018, at around 7.35am, when Auxiliary Police Officer Sergeant
Muhammad Afiq Bin Haron (“Sgt Afiq”) did a routine check of his motorcycle,
two packets containing reddish cubes were found inside the motorcycle seat. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Agreed Bundle (“AB”) p 211.

Sgt Afiq sought help from Sergeant Mohamed Sabbir Bin Mohamed Zamshahasry
(“Sgt Sabbir”), who placed the two packets on the motorcycle seat and covered
them with the accused’s helmet. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

AB at p 211.

An “ION Scan” and swab test of the two packets were conducted. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

AB at p 211.

Around this time, Auxiliary Police Officer Staff Sergeant Usha Devi d/o
Krishnasamy (“SSgt Usha”) approached the motorcycle and shined her torchlight
on the packages to check what they were. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Transcript, 11 November 2020, p 84 lines 28 – 31.

She asked the accused what he had brought into Singapore and he responded that
it was food. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Transcript, 11 November 2020, p 86 lines 13 – 16; 12 November 2020, p 87 lines
3 – 18.

4 At around 7.58am, a team of Central Narcotics Bureau (“CNB”) officers which
included Station Inspector Mohd Raziff Bin Mohd Yusoff (“SI Raziff”), Sergeant
(3) Muhammad Fadhil Bin Amar Tugiman (“Sgt(3) Fadhil”) and Staff Sergeant Poh
Wee Lee (“SSgt Poh”) arrived at the scene. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

SOAF at para 3.

They were briefed by Sgt Sabbir and Sgt Afiq and shown the two packets placed
on the motorcycle. After identifying himself to the accused as pegawai
narkotik (the Malay equivalent for “narcotics officer”), SI Raziff arrested
the accused. When informing him of the grounds of arrest, he used the word
dadah, a Malay word meaning “drugs”. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

AB 214; Transcript, 3 November 2020, p 3 lines 3 – 9, p 7 line 28 to p 8 line
12; 12 November 2020, p 87 line 31 to p 88 line 4.

Discovery of the cannabis

5 The accused was escorted by the officers to Tuas Checkpoint, A3 Garage (“the
garage”). 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

AB at p 4.

At about 8.10am in the garage, SSgt Poh asked the accused if he had anything
in his motorcycle. The accused replied that there was something in the front
storage box. SSgt Poh found a pair of folded raincoat pants containing one
block of vegetable matter (marked B1A) when he searched the front storage box.
11

##### Foot Note 11

×

SOAF at para 5.

Afterwards, he asked the accused if he had anything else, and the accused
stated that there were items on his body. SSgt Poh then searched the accused’s
body and recovered four blocks of vegetable matter, marked BW-F1, BW-F2,
BW-B1, and BW-B2. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

SOAF at para 6.

6 The five blocks (B1A, BW-F1, BW-F2, BW-B1, and BW-B2, collectively, “the
Drugs”) were seized and photographed. They were weighed in the accused’s
presence, acknowledged by the accused, and thereafter submitted to the Health
Sciences Authority’s (“HSA”) Illicit Drugs Laboratory for analysis. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

SOAF at paras 8 and 12 to 14.

The Drugs’ chain of custody was not disputed at trial. On 19 November 2018 Dr
Ong Mei Ching (“Dr Ong”), an analyst with the Illicit Drugs Laboratory,
produced certificates under s 16 of the MDA in respect of the five blocks (the
“HSA Certificates”). These showed that the five blocks contained 1,475.3g of
vegetable matter that was found to be cannabis. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

AB at pp 185–194.

Phone calls made and received post-arrest

7 After the accused was arrested, between 8.45am and 4.06pm on 25 July 2018,
the accused made and received several phone calls in Tamil to and from persons
identified as “Pandian” and “Jo”. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

SOAF at para 17; Exhibit P112.

The accused explained at trial that Pandian was previously a colleague from
the same department as he was at Nelco, 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Transcript, Transcript, 12 November 2020, p 74 lines 7–9.

and he was acquainted with Jo through Pandian. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Transcript, 12 November 2020, p 78 lines 17–19.

The accused’s statements and Dr Phang’s report

8 The accused gave several statements after his arrest and during the course
of investigations (the “accused’s statements”). These included:

(a) the accused’s first contemporaneous statement recorded on 25 July 2018 by
Sgt(3) Fadhil at around 9.45am; 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

P114I.

(b) the accused’s second contemporaneous statement recorded on 25 July 2018
around 11.45am by Sgt(3) Fadhil; 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

P115I.

(c) the accused’s cautioned statement recorded under s 23 of the Criminal
Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2008 Rev Ed) (“CPC”) by Station Inspector (“SI”) Epeer
on 25 July 2018 at 10.48pm; 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

P116I.

and

(d) finally, a series of statements recorded under s 22 of the CPC by SI Epeer
from 27 July 2018 until 1 August 2018. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

P117I – P124I.

9 Further, Dr Stephen Phang (“Dr Phang”) conducted a psychiatric evaluation
over three interviews, on 8, 10 and 14 August 2018. In his subsequent
psychiatric report dated 21 August 2018 (“Dr Phang’s report”), Dr Phang
concluded that the accused was of sound mind and fit for trial. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

AB at p 203.

Forensic examination of the accused’s mobile phones

10 The two mobile phones belonging to and solely used by the accused were
seized in the course of investigations ie, one black “Asus” Z10 D mobile phone
marked “GR-HP1” and one black “Asus” Zenfone mobile phone marked “GR-HP2”. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

SOAF at para 15.

Forensic analysis of the two mobile telephones was produced at trial. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

SOAF at para 15.

Legal context

11 The accused was charged for importing drugs into Singapore under s 7 of the
MDA, which reads:

Import and export of controlled drugs

7. Except as authorised by this Act, it shall be an offence for a person to import into or export from Singapore a controlled drug.

12 The elements of drug importation into Singapore under s 7 of the MDA were
set out in Adili Chibuike Ejike v Public Prosecutor [2019] 2 SLR 254 (“Adili”)
at [27]: (a) the accused person was in possession of the drugs; (b) the
accused person had knowledge of the nature of the drugs; and (c) the drugs
were intentionally brought into Singapore without prior authorisation.

13 There is no dispute that there was no prior authorisation for the cannabis
possession. There was also no dispute that the accused was in knowing
possession of the drugs. First, even on his own evidence, he received the
blocks from Pandian and put them on his body and in his motorcycle. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Transcript, 12 November 2020, p 82 lines 1–8.

Second, at the point of arrest, he told the police where to locate the blocks:
he first directed them to the block in the motorcycle box, and then to the
remaining four blocks on his body (see [5] above).

14 The main issue, therefore, was whether the accused knew that the bundles
contained cannabis. In this context, the presumption under s 18(2) of the MDA
(“the s 18(2) presumption”) was relevant and reads as follows:

Presumption of possession and knowledge of controlled drugs

18. – …

(2) Any person who is proved or presumed to have had a controlled drug in his
possession shall, until the contrary is proved, be presumed to have known the
nature of that drug.

Prosecution and Defence cases

15 On this issue regarding the accused’s knowledge that the blocks were
cannabis, the Prosecution’s position was that the accused had knowingly
brought the Drugs into Singapore and knew that the Drugs were cannabis. Their
case, as put to the accused, was that the accused knew that the five blocks he
had been given were cannabis when he collected them in the early morning of 25
July 2018, prior to coming into Singapore. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Transcript, 25 January 2021, p 29 lines 1–3.

Adducing the accused’s statements and Dr Phang’s report, they argued that the
accused had admitted during the investigation that he knew the Drugs were
cannabis before coming to Singapore. They also argued that the accused’s
testimony was both internally and externally inconsistent, so his contention
that he did not know the bundles contained cannabis was an afterthought and a
lie.

16 The accused’s main factual contention was that he did not know that the
blocks contained cannabis and thought that they were books. Around 24 July
2018, he began experiencing financial problems. He approached Pandian, his
former colleague and a good friend, for help. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Transcript, 12 November 2020, p 72 lines 29 – 30; p 74 lines 5 – 22; p 76
lines 7 – 12.

In response, Pandian tasked him with making a delivery in Singapore, and told
him that once he completed this job, all his problems would be solved. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Transcript, 12 November 2020, p 78 lines 30 – 31.

The accused then met with Pandian the next day on 25 July 2018, received the
blocks, and brought them to Singapore where he was arrested. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Transcript, 12 November 2020, p 80 line 18 – p 84 line 8.

17 The Defence also raised the following procedural and evidentiary issues:

(a) that the weight of the cannabis in the charge ought to be based on its
purity;

(b) that the Prosecution should have preferred separate charges against the
accused in respect of each block of cannabis;

(c) that the amended HSA certificates were not valid;

(d) the voluntariness and consequent admissibility of the accused’s
statements; and

(e) the late disclosure of two witness statements in breach of the
Prosecution’s disclosure obligations.

18 I deal with these issues as preliminary matters, before analysing the
central substantive issue of the accused’s knowledge.

Preliminary issues

The weight of cannabis and the single charge brought

19 The Court of Appeal’s decision in Saravanan Chandaram v Public Prosecutor
and another matter [2020] 2 SLR 95 (“Saravanan”) is relevant to the first two
issues, and I deal with them together.

20 First, defence counsel submitted that it was insufficient to rely solely on
the weight of the cannabis in the charge brought. Instead, the chemical
breakdown of the cannabis should be taken into account. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions dated 8 March 2021 (“DWS”) at para 112.

21 Second, based on the related idea that homogenisation is not possible in
cannabis analysis, defence counsel sought to argue that the accused should
have been charged separately in respect of each bundle recovered from him. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

DWS at para 143.

In this regard, a distinction was drawn between cannabis and other drugs such
as diamorphine. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

DWS at para 145.

In Sim Mai Tik v Public Prosecutor [1988] 2 SLR(R) 262 (“Sim Mai Tik”), which
considered the packing of diamorphine, the Court of Appeal considered that the
manner of packing of a controlled drug was not relevant. It was argued that
this decision did not apply to cannabis because homogenisation is not possible
in its analysis.

22 Neither argument was meritorious post-Saravanan. The Court of Appeal there
drew a distinction between cannabis mixture and cannabis. In doing so, it
considered that s 2 of the MDA defined cannabis as “any part of a plant of the
genus Cannabis, or any part of such plant, by whatever name it is called”:
Saravanan at [79] and [81]. This approach was further emphasised by Minister
for Law, Prof S Jayakumar in explaining that it was not necessary for
tetrahydrocannabinol (“THC”) and cannabinol (“CBN”) to be included in the
definition because the plant cannot be considered to be of the genus cannabis
without their presence (see Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report
(10 November 1993) vol 61 at cols 928–929). The chemical breakdown was
therefore irrelevant in respect of cannabis. The case of Sim Mai Tik applies
to cannabis as it does to other controlled drugs. In the present case, the
accused imported the five blocks on his person. The charge rightly dealt with
the entire quantity of cannabis. The accused in Saravanan similarly imported
ten bundles in his car, and the cannabis within the ten bundles were the
subject of the charge on which his conviction was upheld.

The validity of the HSA certificates

23 The Defence in their written submissions questioned the validity of the HSA
certificates in this case. First, they argued that the impartiality of the
certificates was questionable, 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

DWS at paras 91–95.

because they were amended to reflect the changes to the law introduced by the
case of Saravanan. Second, the Defence raised two points regarding the
propriety of the HSA's testing procedure. The first was that the HSA's method
of analysis does not accord with UNODC’s suggested methodology. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

DWS at para 96.

The second argument was that since there the analysis destroyed the samples,
the Defence was unable to run their own independent tests and thus were forced
to accept the HSA's analysis at face value. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

DWS at para 100.

24 Neither contention was meritorious. HSA’s evidence was in the nature of
expert evidence. As the law had changed, the amendments were requested in
order to bring the certificates into conformity. It cannot be said that AGC
interfered with the expert by doing so. On the second point of the standards
used by HSA, this point was not posed to Dr Ong. In Saravanan at [68], the
Court of Appeal specifically highlighted and commended the rigorous testing
standards employed by HSA for the certification of cannabis. No query was
raised on the correctness of Dr Ong’s testing method, nor was other expert
evidence adduced as to any better method of testing. The fact that the method
of testing altered the evidence cannot, by this fact alone, raise doubt about
the results obtained.

Admissibility of the accused’s statements

The law on voluntariness

25 The provision governing the admissibility of an accused’s statement is s
258(3) of the CPC, which states that the court shall refuse to admit the
statement of an accused if:

(a) There was “any inducement, threat or promise”, which has “reference to the
charge against the accused” and comes “from a person in authority” (the
“objective limb”); and

(b) In the court’s opinion, it is sufficient “to give the accused grounds
which would appear to him reasonable for supposing that by making the
statement he would gain any advantage or avoid any evil of a temporal nature
in a reference to the proceedings against him”, thus causing him to make the
statement (the “subjective limb”).

26 In summary, the first considers whether a threat, inducement or promise was
objectively made. The second, subjective limb, is concerned with whether this
threat, inducement or promise operated on the accused’s mind through hope of
escape or fear of punishment connected with the charge: Chai Chien Wei Kelvin
v Public Prosecutor [1998] 3 SLR(R) 619 (“Kelvin Chai”) at [53]. The burden of
proof was on the Prosecution to prove beyond a reasonable doubt that the
statements were made voluntarily: Kelvin Chai at [53].

The Prosecution and Defence positions

27 The accused argued that the statements he gave to CNB officers were not
made voluntarily and thus were inadmissible under s 258 of the CPC. The
accused first argued that he was not conversant in Malay and thus did not
understand Sgt(3) Fadhil, who spoke to him in Malay during the recording of
his first and second contemporaneous statements. Second, he alleged that there
were inducements given by the officers that if he cooperated with the
investigation, he could definitely avoid the death penalty. In particular, he
alleged that Sgt(3) Fadhil did not read him a notice regarding the Mandatory
Death Penalty that he may face (the “MDP notice”), 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Defence’s Skeletal Submissions for the Ancillary Hearing dated 11 November
2020 (“ADWS”) at para 7.

but made an oral statement guaranteeing a reduction of sentence in the garage,
37

##### Foot Note 37

×

ADWS at para 8.

and reiterated a similar guarantee a second time during the recording of the
second contemporaneous statement. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

ADWS at para 11.

He testified that this inducement operated on his mind throughout the
remainder of the statements. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Transcript, 10 November 2020, p 46 lines 19–20; p 47 lines 16–20; p 49 lines
4–6.

28 The Prosecution argued that the accused understood Malay well 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Prosecution’s Skeletal Submissions for the Ancillary Hearing dated 11 November
2020 (“APWS”) at para 12.

and that the MDP notice was properly read by Sgt(3) Fadhil. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

APWS at para 14.

However, Sgt(3) Fadhil and further, SI Epeer, conceded that they orally
explained that the accused could escape the death penalty if he cooperated.
Notwithstanding, the Prosecution contended that all the statements were
voluntary.

The first contemporaneous statement

(1) Was the accused conversant in Malay?

29 I found that the accused was conversant in Malay. Although the accused
claimed that he could not understand “refined Malay”, 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Transcript, 10 November 2020, p 36 lines 14–17.

he was brought up in Malaysia, worked in various jobs there, was educated in
Malay up to Form 4 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Transcript, 10 November 2020, p 35 lines 16–26.

and attained mechanic qualifications. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Transcript, 11 November 2020, p 26 lines 12–13.

Sgt(3) Fadhil testified that he spoke to the accused in Malay, and the accused
did not display any signs that he was unable to understand. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Transcript, 5 November 2020, p 19 lines 16–19.

I also accepted Sgt(3) Fadhil’s testimony that when spoken to in Malay, the
accused responded with no difficulty, 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Transcript, 3 November 2020, p 80 lines 18–25.

as well as SI Epeer’s evidence that the accused himself had stated he was
comfortable speaking in Malay. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Transcript, 5 November 2020, p 69 lines 15–25.

In this respect, the accused’s contentions regarding the first contemporaneous
statement were somewhat contradictory, as his assertions about its content
rested on an allegation that he understood Sgt Raziff’s earlier use of the
Malay word “dadah” at his arrest, in relation to the packets of cubes, to
refer to “drugs” (see [4] above and [78] below). In my judgment, there was no
danger that any language impediment affected any of the conversations in
Malay.

(2) Did Sgt(3) Fadhil read the MDP notice?

30 The accused contended that, prior to the first contemporaneous statement,
Sgt(3) Fadhil did not read the MDP notice to him but made an oral statement
promising a reduced sentence. This alleged statement was made in Malay, 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Transcript, 10 November 2020, p 42 line 17.

that “[i]f you bring this jaman into Singapore, you would be getting death
penalty. But if you cooperate with the authorities, your sentence would be
reduced”. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Transcript, 10 November 2020, p 42 lines 7–9.

Sgt(3) Fadhil then allegedly made the accused sign the form. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Transcript, 10 November 2020, p 42 lines 22–26.

The accused claimed that his understanding was that if he had cooperated with
the police, he would definitely get a reduced sentence. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Transcript, 10 November 2020, p 43 lines 11–13.

31 Sgt(3) Fadhil, on the other hand, testified that he read the MDP notice to
the accused in Malay, after which the accused signed on the form. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Transcript, 5 November 2020, p 45 lines 8–15.

Regarding the contention that he used the phrase “kalau you bawah untuk
Singapore you kena gantung. You mengaku cooperate untuk kita you punya denda
boleh kurang”, he was certain he would not have said it because it was his
practice to use “kau” and not “you”. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Transcript, 5 November 2020, p 53 lines 17–26.

32 In my view, Sgt(3) Fadhil was generally a truthful witness: for example, he
admitted to having given oral remarks to the accused prior to the recording of
the second contemporaneous statement (see [35] below). I accepted that Sgt(3)
Fadhil had read the specific words of the MDP notice to the accused in Malay
and administered the written notice without making any oral remarks. This
explained why the accused’s signature was on the standard form, once before
giving information, and again, after doing so. The information given by the
accused was written onto the form itself. That the accused understood the
conditional nature of the MDP notice was reflected both in his statements and
in his repeated queries to Sgt(3) Fadhil prior to the second statement 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Transcript, 3 November 2020, p 84 lines 16–27.

and to SI Epeer prior to the last statement. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Transcript, 5 November 2020, p 67 line 29 to p 69 line 12.

(3) Effect of reading the MDP notice

33 Explanation 2(aa) of s 258 of the CPC makes clear that the reading of the
MDP notice is not to be taken as an inducement:

Explanation 2 – If a statement is otherwise admissible, it will not be
rendered inadmissible merely because it was made in the following
circumstances:

(a) …

(aa) where the accused is informed in writing by a person in authority of the
circumstances in section 33B of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap. 185) under which
life imprisonment may be imposed in lieu of death;

[emphasis added in bold]

34 As the notice was administered to him in accordance with the CPC, there was
no inducement, threat or promise rendering the first contemporaneous statement
involuntary. I admitted the accused’s first contemporaneous statement recorded
on 25 July 2018 by Sgt(3) Fadhil at around 9.45am.

Remaining statements made by the accused

(1) Sgt(3) Fadhil’s and SI Epeer’s oral remarks

35 The accused contended that prior to the recording of his second
contemporaneous statement on 25 July 2018, Sgt(3) Fadhil told him that if he
wanted to “save [his] life, [he] must cooperate”. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Transcript, 10 November 2020, p 46 line 4.

Sgt(3) Fadhil testified that during the recording of the second
contemporaneous statement, the accused had asked whether he would avoid the
death penalty if he cooperated, and in response, he had told the accused that
based on the notice he may not get the death penalty, but it was up to the
courts. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

NEs 3 November 2020, p 84 at lines 18–27.

36 Further, SI Epeer testified that prior to the recording of the last
statement on 1 August 2018 at 6.35pm, the accused had asked what was going to
happen to his case. SI Epeer further testified that he had told him that the
statement was going to be important as the accused would need to tell him all
he needed to know about Jo and Pandian: 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

NEs 5 November 2020, p 71 lines 12–22.

Yes, Your Honour. I had previously informed the accused that that day is his
last day in remand. Then at the completion of the statement, I remember the
accused, somewhere along the line, had asked me what’s going to happen to this
case, that he had tried to cooperate, however Jo and Pandian somehow suspected
that he had been arrested, and that there was no---no arrest made after that.
I told the accused, at that point, I am not able to tell him anything about
what’s going to happen to his case. However, I told the accused that I would
be seeking him---seeing him later that night to record another statement. I
told him that that statement would be important as I would need him to tell me
everything he knows about Jo and Pandian, his relationship with them, and
everything that leads to his---to the offence that he has committed. That’s
all, Your Honour.

[emphasis added in italics]

(2) Effect of oral summaries of the MDP notice

37 Sgt(3) Fadhil’s and SI Epeer’s remarks were, in effect, oral summations or
reiterations of the MDP notice. The issue was whether Explanation 2(aa)
applied to these oral remarks that were made after the administration of the
MDP notice. In my judgment, a distinction ought to be drawn between the
delivery of the written MDP notice and subsequent oral iterations, for two
reasons. First, an oral summation does not carry the same safeguards as the
written MDP notice, which uses a precise form or words and warns specifically
that nothing in it should be construed as a threat, inducement or promise.
Secondly, Explanation 2(aa) itself specifically stipulates that the accused be
administered the MDP notice in writing. This requirement is itself a
safeguard, to ensure that the precise form of words, and those only, be used.
This suggests that oral variations of the MDP notice should not be used. Both
reasons focus on fairness to the accused, and are therefore important.
Accordingly, if Sgt(3) Fadhil had not made any comments about s 33A of the
MDA, Explanation 2(aa) would have continued to operate. However, once any
question is asked about the conditional reduction in sentence and any
explanation is to be made, out of fairness to the accused, the written notice
itself should be administered. In the present case, this was not done. This
would mean that Explanation 2(aa) did not apply. As an objective matter,
accused persons would want to avoid the death penalty and it follows that
Sgt(3) Fadhil’s and SI Epeer’s responses to the accused could be construed
objectively as an inducement under s 258(3) of the CPC.

(3) Subjective effect of the oral remarks on the accused

38 I come then to the subjective element, which only became relevant in this
case because the statements fell outside the ambit of Explanation 2(aa).

39 The accused testified that he had made the second contemporaneous statement
on 25 July 2018 because of the oral inducement. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Transcript, 10 November 2020, p 46 at lines 19–20.

After the contemporaneous statements, a cautioned statement was later taken on
the same day at around 10.48pm, and ending at 12.17am the next day. After
this, there was a series of statements recorded under s 22 of the CPC by SI
Epeer from 27 July 2018 until 1 August 2018.

40 The accused’s evidence was that Sgt(3) Fadhil’s remarks continued to
operate on his mind throughout. I accepted his evidence. Pertinently, prior to
the last statement he asked SI Epeer again what was going to happen to his
case. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Transcript, 5 November 2020, p 71 lines 12–22.

This supported the assertion that Sgt(3) Fadhil’s remarks continued to weigh
on his mind anxiously. The cautioned statement and two of the long statements
also reflected that Sgt(3) Fadhil’s comments were in his consideration:

(a) In his cautioned statement given on 25 July 2018, recorded at 10.48pm, the
accused stated, “I had told Pandian that I was not arrested because I was
informed by the arresting officers that if I co-operated with the authority to
give identity of Pandian and Jo the charge can be reduced.” 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

P116I at 317.

(b) In his further statement dated 29 July 2018 at 9.50am, he stated that “I
was informed by an officer in Malay language that with all these things that I
have brought, I am liable to be sentenced to hanging. I was then further
informed, that if co-operate on this case and identify the people involved, I
can have my punishment reduced.” 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

P119I at 329.

He also stated that “If I am able to identify then my punishment can be
reduced and I can save my life.” 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

P119I at 332.

(c) In his further statement dated 1 August 2018 at 9.10pm, the accused stated
that “I had done all these to help the officers to identify who are the people
involved in this case. I was informed that if I assisted the officers, I could
have my punishment reduced.” 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

P124I at 360.

41 I took into account that this effect in his mind would have been caused, at
least in part, by the written MDP notice; insofar as this was the case, any
such subjective inducement would be exempt from consideration. Nevertheless, I
could not rule out that the oral remarks made by Sgt(3) Fadhil, and then later
by SI Epeer, had no effect in securing the statements that were given by the
accused after the specific remarks were made. In the circumstances, the
Prosecution had not proved beyond a reasonable doubt that the second
contemporaneous statements, the cautioned statement and the long statements
had been given voluntarily.

Conclusion on admissibility of the statements

42 For the above reasons, I admitted the first contemporaneous statement but
not the remainder of the statements.

Contentions in respect of disclosure of two witness statements

43 A final matter relating to the evidence arose from the Prosecution’s
disclosure of two witness statements from the accused’s Nelco supervisors.
Whilst these were taken in August 2018, shortly after his arrest, they were
disclosed in the midst of his cross-examination on 9 December. They explained
that they had done so because their disclosure obligations were only engaged
when the accused had testified in court regarding his relationship with
Pandian. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Plaintiff’s Skeletal Reply Submissions dated 3 May 2021 (“PWS2”) at para 14.

The Defence, on the other hand, submitted that their case was irreversibly
prejudiced by the Prosecution’s late disclosure of witnesses.

Content of the Prosecution’s disclosure obligations

44 The Prosecution, aside from their statutory duties under the CPC, are also
under common law disclosure requirements: 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

DWS at paras 130–131.

(a) First, as set out in Muhammad bin Kadar v Public Prosecutor [2011] 3 SLR
1205 (“Kadar”), the Prosecution must disclose to the Defence any material
which takes the form of (i) “unused material that is likely to be admissible
and that might reasonably be regarded as credible and relevant to the guilt or
innocence of the accused”; and (ii) “unused material that is likely to be
inadmissible, but would provide a real (not fanciful) chance of pursuing a
line of inquiry that leads to material that is likely to be admissible and
that might reasonably be regarded as credible and relevant to the guilt or
innocence of the accused.” This would only include material that undermines
the Prosecution’s case or strengthens the Defence’s case: Kadar at [113].

(b) Second, as set out in Muhammad Nabill bin Mohd Fuad v Public Prosecutor
[2020] 1 SLR 984 (“Nabill”), the Prosecution is obliged to disclose any
statements of material witnesses to the Defence. They differ from the Kadar
obligations as it does not matter if these statements are favourable, neutral
or adverse to the accused’s case. Further, the Prosecution does not need to
carry out an assessment of the credibility or relevance of the statement:
Nabill at [41].

45 Ideally, these obligations should be fulfilled when the Prosecution is
serving their case, or before trial begins. However, if the relevance of a
particular statement only becomes apparent after the accused testifies at
trial, it should be disclosed at that juncture: Nabill at [50].

46 The effect of non-disclosure by the Prosecution will necessarily rest on
the facts of the case. In the context of the Kadar obligations, the Court of
Appeal stated that non-disclosure could lead to a conviction being rendered
unsafe: Kadar at [120]. The Court of Appeal referred (at [120]) to Beh Chai
Hock v Public Prosecutor [1996] 3 SLR(R) 112 at [38], which noted the need to
weigh two principles, one being fairness to the accused, and the other being
the need to ensure that guilty persons do not “escape scot-free merely because
of some technical blunder”. Such principles should equally apply to the
additional obligations under Nabill, as both were created to “uphold
established notions of a fair trial in an adversarial setting” (Nabill at
[40]; Kadar at [105]); and to “arrive at a just outcome through a fair
process”: Nabill at [47].

The consequences of the present case of non-disclosure

47 In written submissions after trial, defence counsel alleged that the
accused had lost his right to elect to remain silent and could have instead
called the other two witnesses to give evidence. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

DWS at para 131.

The statements were not in evidence despite these contentions. At the oral
responses, I asked for the statements to be tendered and for their relevance
to be articulated. In answer to the issue of relevance, defence counsel
pointed to a single paragraph in each, where references to Pandian were made.
From these, they concluded that Pandian and the accused were acquainted.

48 The fact that the accused and Pandian were friends was not disputed. The
statements did not reveal any fact that was of significance to the accused’s
case. In the present case, the Nabill obligations were not engaged, as the two
supervisors were not material witnesses. The Prosecution stated that they
disclosed the statements arising from their Kadar obligations because the
accused alluded to Pandian in his evidence. Calling them to verify that the
accused knew Pandian would not have added to the accused’s defence, and in any
event, he was given the opportunity to do so but did not.

49 The prejudice that the accused relied upon was a loss in his ability to
remain silent, while calling the two witnesses in his defence. The facts of
the two cases relied upon by defence counsel in citing this prejudice were,
however, entirely different to the case at hand. In Public Prosecutor v Wee
Teong Boo [2020] 2 SLR 533 the medical report that was disclosed late was
relevant to the accused’s defence that he suffered from severe erectile
dysfunction. This was material to a central point of his defence, that it
would have been physically impossible for him to perform the act of rape. In
Chan Kin Choi v Public Prosecutor [1991] 1 SLR(R) 111 the accused faced a
charge of murder for stabbing the victim in the neck at a restaurant. In
establishing his defences of sudden fight, provocation and self-defence — on
which he bore the burden of proof — the accused elected to remain silent,
relying instead on the witnesses who were at the restaurant. These witnesses
saw the fight as it unfolded and had personal knowledge as to the facts the
accused was relying on for his defence.

50 In contrast, in the present case, the accused was required to establish a
positive belief on his part, in order to rebut the s 18(2) presumption. For
this he could not rely on the testimony of others who had no knowledge of his
belief. There was nothing to indicate that the two co-workers had any personal
knowledge as to his belief; neither was that specific assertion made. Their
knowledge of his friendship with Pandian, which was not in any event disputed,
bore no relevance to his belief regarding the contents of the five blocks he
imported.

Substantive case and the issue of the accused’s knowledge

51 Having dealt with the preliminary issues, I come to the substantive case.
The physical elements of the offence of importation under s 7 of the MDA, and
the accused’s possession and knowledge of the bundles were not disputed. The
only question left then was whether the accused knew that he was carrying
cannabis. This was the main factual contention of the case.

Prosecution and Defence positions

52 The Prosecution argued that the accused’s first contemporaneous statement
and Dr Phang’s report was proof of the accused’s actual knowledge, 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Prosecution’s Written Submissions dated 8 March 2021 (“PWS”) at para 22(a).

and that his inconsistent and unbelievable evidence showed that his claims
were afterthoughts and lies. The Defence’s response was that little weight
should be given to both the accused’s first contemporaneous statement as well
as Dr Phang’s report, 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

DWS at para 72.

and that the s 18(2) presumption was rebutted on the facts. The accused’s
evidence was that he thought that the five blocks were books, and while he
knew they were illegal, he thought that they would only attract a fine. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Transcript, 12 November 2020, p 85 lines 1–25.

53 I first deal with the frame o f the analysis. In their written submissions
and opening statement, the Prosecution ran a “primary case” and an
“alternative case”. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

PWS at pp 14 and 30.

The primary case was that the accused had actual knowledge, and the
alternative case was that he had not rebutted the s 18(2) presumption.
However, the s 18(2) presumption is one that presumes actual knowledge. The
alternative and primary case weres therefore the same in that actual knowledge
was the key factual basis in both. An alternative case is ordinarily used to
make clear an alternative legal argument applicable on a different factual
basis from the primary case. In Mui Jia Jun v Public Prosecutor [2018] 2 SLR
1087 (“Mui Jia Jun”) the Court of Appeal’s guidance was that where the
Prosecution’s case rests on several distinct factual bases, they must make it
clear to the accused that they are also seeking a conviction on any one of
those factual bases, if this objective is not already clear on its face: Mui
Jia Jun at [85]. If they fail to clearly articulate their alternative cases,
it cannot be relied upon to secure a conviction: Mui Jia Jun at [96]. Relevant
to the present legal context are subsequent MDA cases where alternative cases
were mentioned. For example, the Court of Appeal in Gobi a/l Avedian v Public
Prosecutor [2021] 1 SLR 180 (“Gobi”) highlighted at [55] that procedural
fairness required alternative cases where two distinct cases were being
advanced against an accused person. Its context was, however, allegations of
actual knowledge and wilful blindness. Because wilful blindness relies on the
absence of actual knowledge, such primary and alternative positions would be
premised on distinct, and contrary, factual bases.

54 In the present case, in contrast, there is only one factual basis alleged:
the accused had actual knowledge that the drugs were cannabis. In terms of
proof, the Prosecution could rely on either direct evidence of knowledge or
the s 18(2) presumption. These were alternative modes of proving their single
case. It would be artificial to consider evidence as to the accused’s actual
knowledge without consideration of the excuse he raised to rebut the s 18(2)
presumption. Conversely, any evidence raised to rebut the s 18(2) presumption
would need to be balanced against any evidence that indicated he had actual
knowledge. The accused’s consistency and credibility were matters important to
both methods of fulfilling the burden of proof.

55 More fundamentally, the legislature had enacted s 18(2) to mitigate the
difficulties in proving knowledge, by putting the burden squarely on the
accused once the limited circumstances of the section are triggered: see Gobi
at [68]–[69]. It is in keeping with statutory design for an analysis of the
accused’s knowledge to start with s 18(2) of the MDA once its prerequisite
conditions are met. If the s 18(2) presumption of actual knowledge is
rebutted, then any alternative case (such as wilful blindness, which is
premised on the lack of knowledge) could be considered, if there is one. While
consideration of the s 18(2) presumption concerns a wholly different set of
considerations from direct proof of actual knowledge (as mentioned by
Saravanan at [29]), where the s 18(2) presumption has been rebutted,
conversely, it is logically anomalous to find actual knowledge proved. Rather,
if the s 18(2) presumption applies, the Prosecution remains entitled to press
for a factual finding on the evidence available, aside from that relevant to
the s 18(2) presumption, pointing to the accused’s knowledge. The frame of the
analysis is pertinent to the assessment of the evidence. There was no
prejudice to the accused in adopting this frame for analysis as the
substantive issues in the case were not affected. I explained these points to
the Prosecution and the Defence during the closing arguments, and neither
party expressed further views or objections.

56 In light of my views on statutory design, I start with the analysis on the
s 18(2) presumption and deal first with the question whether the accused has
rebutted the s 18(2) presumption on the balance of probabilities.

Application of the s 18(2) presumption to the case at hand

57 The accused accepted that the burden was his to rebut the s 18(2)
presumption. As highlighted by the Court of Appeal in Gobi at [57], the
accused person is only required to establish that he did not know the nature
of the drugs in his possession. The key principles in approaching this query
was distilled as follows:

(a) As a matter of common sense and practical application, an accused person
who seeks to rebut the s 18(2) presumption should be able to say what he
thought or believed he was carrying, and a claim that he simply did not know
what he was carrying would not usually suffice: see Zainal bin Hamad v Public
Prosecutor and another appeal [2018] 2 SLR 1119 (“Zainal”) at [23(b)]; Obeng
at [39].

(b) The inquiry into the accused person’s state of mind or knowledge is
ultimately a subjective inquiry (see Masoud ([41(e)] supra) at [56]–[59]).

(c) However, the court will assess the veracity of the accused person’s
assertion as to his subjective state of mind against the objective facts and
examine his actions and conduct relating to the item in question in that light
in coming to a conclusion on the credibility of his assertion. This will
invariably be a highly fact-specific inquiry, and the relevant considerations
might include the physical nature, value and quantity of the item and any
reward that was to be paid for transporting it (see Obeng at [40]; Masoud at
[55]) or, for that matter, any amount that was to be collected upon delivering
it. We raise these purely as examples to emphasise the overarching fact-
sensitive nature of the inquiry.

(d) Where an accused person’s defence is found to be patently and inherently
incredible, then that will not impose any evidential burden for the
Prosecution to rebut: see Muhammad Nabill bin Mohd Fuad v Public Prosecutor
[2020] 1 SLR 984 (“Nabill”) at [70] and [71]. To put it simply, a hopeless
defence is no defence and raises nothing to rebut. In such circumstances, the
court should find that the s 18(2) presumption remains unrebutted.

(e) In assessing the evidence, the court should bear in mind the inherent
difficulties of proving a negative, and the burden on the accused person
should not be so onerous that it becomes virtually impossible to discharge
(see Gopu Jaya Raman v Public Prosecutor [2018] 1 SLR 499 at [2] and [24]).

58 It was clear from (a) and (d), therefore, that the accused was required to
articulate a credible positive belief that is incompatible with the knowledge
that the thing he was carrying was the specific drug in his possession (and
see also Gobi at [60] to like effect).

59 What was the accused’s belief, in this case? The accused's asserted belief,
as framed by him, was that he thought the Drugs were books, which would only
attract a fine as a penalty. The query into the credibility of this asserted
belief, in line with (b) and (c), was a fact specific and subjective exercise
which would include the physical nature, value and quantity of the item and
any reward that was to be paid for transporting it.

Credibility of the accused’s belief

60 The accused himself found his version of events difficult to explain. In
examination-in-chief, the accused testified that when Pandian gave him the
items, he asked Pandian what they were and Pandian repeatedly told him that
they were “five books and two food chocolate[s]”. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Transcript, 25 January 2021, p 23 lines 18–21.

At the same time, he testified that when Pandian then told him to hide them
when he brought it into Singapore, he knew that they must have been illegal.
73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Transcript, 25 January 2021, p 26 lines 15–18

At no time in his evidence did he allege that Pandian told him doing so would
only attract a fine. It was not disputed that this information that the items
were contraband that would attract only a fine was raised for the first time
in cross-examination. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Transcript, 13 November 2021, p 29 lines 11–25.

61 In cross-examination, he first stated that he believed Pandian totally when
he told him that the items were books: 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Transcript, 13 November 2020, p 21 lines 24–30.

Q Again, Mr Guna, I put it to you that you did not believe Pandian when he
told you these were books. That is why you kept asking him what the items
were.

A I disagree, Your Honour. Your Honour, when someone passes something to a
person, it’s normal for the person to ask them what the items are. So that’s
what I did. But when I asked him, he told me that these were wrong items and
that they were books, food and chocolate. And I believed him totally when he
told me that.

[emphasis added in italics]

62 This version of events would have entailed the court accepting that while
the blocks were tucked into his waistband, tight against his skin and under
his armpit, these blocks felt to him like books. The accused himself knew that
this narrative that he believed the Drugs were books was incredible. He too
lacked any conviction in this contention. If they were books, they would not
require concealment. The means of concealment also revealed his knowledge.
While the first block was wrapped in raincoat pants, the remaining four blocks
were on his own body, next to his skin, secured by the waistband of his
trousers or his armpit. He would have well known that they were not books,
which was why he testified for the first time in his examination-in-chief that
they were items that he thought would attract a fine.

63 Not surprisingly, when the case was put to him again, his evidence shifted
and he admitted that he did not believe that they were books and chocolates:
76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Transcript, 25 January 2021, p 28 lines 28–30.

Q Now, you did not believe that the items that were given to you were five
books or two chocolate packets as you stated.

A I agree, Your Honour.

64 Therefore, as a starting point, his asserted belief as to the nature of the
Drugs was not a strongly persuasive one.

The payment of RM5,000

65 A factor to be considered in this case was the promised reward of RM5,000.
In Obeng Comfort v Public Prosecutor [2017] 1 SLR 633 (“Obeng”) the Court of
Appeal noted at [40] that “the court will generally consider the nature, the
value and the quantity of the purported item and any reward for transporting
such an item.” In Obeng, where the accused had not rebutted the s 18(2)
presumption, the Prosecution had argued that the value of her previous free
trips and the promise of a large sum of money for her final trip militated
against her attempt to rebut the presumption. In Saravanan, the Court of
Appeal took into account that the accused had been promised substantial
monetary reward in highly suspicious circumstances, concluding at [37]–[38]
that it was “simply incredible” that the accused believed the bundles were
contraband tobacco. It was, in my view, important to scrutinise the accused’s
explanation as to why his RM5,000 remuneration was innocuous.

66 It was not disputed that the accused would have received RM5,000 from
Pandian after delivering the Drugs. The accused’s testimony was that Pandian
had given him this job because he was in financial difficulty and he told
Pandian that he needed RM5,000. Pandian told him that if he completed the
delivery of the bundles, his problems would be “solved” and he would be given
$5,000. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Transcript, 12 November 2020, p 76 lines 26–31 to p 77 lines 1 – 3, p 83 lines
3–6.

The Prosecution submitted that the money was to be given to the accused in
consideration for his completion of importing cannabis, and that the accused
knew that. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

PWS at para 52.

On the other hand, the accused attempted to sever the link between the
delivery and its reward, on the basis that he had borrowed money from Pandian
before and returned it. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

DWS at para 34.

67 I found the accused’s account of the RM5,000 difficult to believe. The fact
that he had borrowed and returned loans from Pandian in the past did not
assist his assertion that the RM5,000 was not a reward for the delivery of the
Drugs. The accused was also not consistent in attempting to distance the
delivery from its reward. In his first contemporaneous statement, when asked
about Pandian, he stated that Pandian was the person who had asked him to
deliver all the items, and that he would get RM5,000 for the delivery. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

P114I at p 222.

This was stated again during examination-in-chief, where the accused stated
that “[Pandian] told [him] that the jaman should be delivered in Singapore,
and once [he] delivered, [Pandian] would pay [him] the 5,000 RM”. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Transcript, 12 November 2020, p 83 lines 3–4.

It was during cross-examination, that the accused sought to assert that it did
not occur to him that the RM5,000 was a reward for the delivery: 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

Transcript, 13 November, p 8 lines 16-31.

Q And RM5,000 is a lot of money to be paid just for delivering something from
Johor Bahru to Singapore, isn’t it?

A It did not occur to me at that point in time that this money was being paid
because I was being asked to deliver the items. All I knew was that I had
asked him for money. It did not occur to me that this big amount was actually
meant for the things that he asked me to deliver. All I knew was that I asked
him for money and he told me to deliver these items.

When asked again, the accused stated that: 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

Transcript, 13 November 2020, p 23 at lines 23–24.

Your Honour, when I asked Pandian for money, he told me to complete the work.
So all I believed was that he would pay me this money once I delivered the
items. I didn’t think anything else.

Further along, he stated that the RM5,000 was “not meant for those items”. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

Transcript, 13 November 2020, p 23 at lines 28–29.

Moments later, however, he contradicted himself and agreed with the
Prosecution. When asked if his belief was that he was going to be paid RM5,000
for delivering the items, he agreed: 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

Transcript, 13 November 2020, p 24 at lines 4–10.

Q In fact, your belief, according to you, is that it is an item that would get
you a fine.

A Yes.

Q And yet you were going to be paid 5,000 Ringgit for delivering these items
that would only attract a fine? That’s my question.

A Yes, Your Honour.

Finally, when the Prosecution put to the accused that he had agreed to do the
job because he needed money and knew he would be paid RM5,000 for completing
the job, the accused also agreed. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

Transcript, 25 January 2021, p 28 lines 24–27.

68 In the present case, the RM5,000 promised was, according to the accused’s
testimony as to his salary, almost two months of his salary. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

Transcript, 13 November 2020, p 5 lines 4 – 6.

This was not by any means a small amount to the accused. In the light of the
quantum, it was quite incredible that the accused thought he would receive
this remuneration for delivering chocolates and books, or “items that would
merely attract a fine”. Such items would not warrant such a large payment, and
thus, detracted from the credibility of the accused’s articulated positive
belief.

The accused’s communications with Pandian

69 I deal, before concluding this section, with the evidence arising from
forensic reports of the accused’s telephone communications with Pandian. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

AB at pp 53–125; 127–153.

70 The Prosecution tendered an “Aide Memoir” during trial that summarised
relevant phone calls between the accused and Pandian, 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

Exhibit E.

and a translated version of the salient text messages. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

Exhibit P50A.

In particular, there was a high frequency of calls between Pandian and the
accused on 16, 17, 20 and 23 July 2018. Similar to those on 25 July 2018,
these calls occurred early in the morning. The accused was not able to explain
these well. In respect of the early morning calls he initially agreed in the
two weeks prior to the offence that he and Pandian had “no reason” to contact
one another early in the morning; subsequently, when confronted with records
of calls between him and Pandian, he said that Pandian might call him to wake
him up in the morning. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

PWS at paras 42–44.

71 A series of text messages from Pandian were also incriminating in a general
way. The following in particular alluded to similar tasks from Pandian:

(a) on 24 May 2018, 8.40pm, “Bro want work 1 only”; 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

Exhibit P50A at p 23.

(b) on 31 May 2018 6.08pm, “Today don’t work on these 4, do tomorrow”; 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

Exhibit P50A at p 19.

(c) on 7 June 2018. 3.28am, “Bro don’t have work u can enter sg ya sorry bro
they just inform bro”; 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

Exhibit P50A at p 19.

(d) on 6 July 2018 at 8.23pm, “bro want work 1 book / block 9 o’clock TQ”; 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

Exhibit P50A at p 6.

(e) on 13 July 2018 at 4.50am, “Have work cl me”; 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

Exhibit P50A at p 5.

and

(f) a similar message on 24 July 2018 10.25pm, “Bro tomorrow have work”. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

Exhibit P50A at p 2.

72 The accused could not explain these cogently, saying that for (a), that
Pandian was telling him to work until 1pm; 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

Transcript, 25 January 2021, p 20 lines 1–3.

for (b), that Pandian was telling him to work until 4pm; 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

Transcript, 25 January 2021, p 19 lines 14–29.

for (c), Pandian was telling him to go to work at Nelco; 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

Transcript, 25 January 2021, p 18 lines 26–28.

for (d), he could not understand the message and he asked Pandian about it and
Pandian had told him he had sent him this message wrongly; 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

Transcript, 25 January 2021, p 11 lines 29–30.

and for (e), Pandian was asking the accused to call him if he was working at
Nelco the following day. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

Transcript, 25 January 2021, p 11 lines 10–12.

For (f), the final 24 July message, he originally agreed that the message was
in relation to the 25 July 2018 job. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

Transcript, 13 November 2020, p 42 line 28 to p 43 line 25.

He later changed his stance, claiming that the message had to do with his work
at Nelco. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

Transcript, 25 January 2021, p 10 lines 13–21.

73 What could be drawn from the above? It was conceded that Pandian was the
accused’s source for the Drugs in any event. That fact was clear from the
accused’s testimony as to events of the day. Insofar as the Prosecution was
attempting to prove that there was a consistent practice between Pandian and
the accused to do deliveries, I did not agree. There was no independent
evidence to show that the Accused had done jobs on other days. To the
contrary, the accused’s first contemporaneous statement, which contents the
Prosecution was asserting as accurate, recorded the accused stating that the
occasion charged was his first occasion in transporting drugs (see “A12” at
[77] below). The Prosecution's assertion that there was an established
practice would be inconsistent with its assertion that the statement reflected
the truth. Nevertheless, the accused’s inability to explain his dealings and
close association with Pandian remained relevant as it did not lend any
credence to his stated positive belief, which was his to establish. Whilst
this inability to explain was not otherwise probative of his guilt, it was a
clear weakness in his attempt to rebut the s 18(2) presumption.

Conclusion on the s 18(2) presumption in the present case

74 In the present case, the accused could have checked the bundles, but he did
not. The blocks were in a transparent plastic wrapping and in his sole
possession from the point of collection and a simple visual inspection in
proper light would have informed him of the contents. He was familiar with
Selesa Jaya as he previously resided there and could have found an area to
stop and check the bundles. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

Transcript, 13 November 2020 p 14 line 21 to p 16 line 3.

He had chosen not to check although he thought the books were illegal items
that would attract a fine. In this respect, [67]–[69] of Gobi is pertinent:

67 An accused person who is in a position to verify or ascertain the nature of
what he is carrying but who chooses not to do so in the following types of
situations may be described as being indifferent to the nature of what he is
carrying:

(a) An accused person who is in fact wholly indifferent to what he is
carrying.

(b) An accused person who knows that the thing he is carrying is a contraband
item, but who does not care to find out what that contraband item is or is
not.

(c) An accused person who identifies the drugs in his possession by some
idiosyncratic or colloquial name, but who does not know what that means and
does not bother to ascertain the meaning. For example, in Obeng, the appellant
referred to the drugs as “shine shine”, but did not know what that meant and
did not take steps to inquire further (at [51]).

68 In each of these cases, the accused person is able to verify or ascertain
the nature of the thing he is carrying but chooses not to do so. The proper
inference to be drawn in the circumstances is that he is in truth indifferent
to what that thing is. The difference between these cases is, if anything,
essentially one of degree. We consider that in these situations, the
presumption of actual knowledge will generally be found not to have been
rebutted because of the need to give full purposive effect to the policy
underlying the MDA, which is to stem the threat that drug trafficking poses:
see Tan Kiam Peng ([41(e)] supra) at [23]–[28], citing Singapore Parliamentary
Debates, Official Report (20 November 1975) vol 34 at cols 1379–1381 (Mr Chua
Sian Chin, Minister for Home Affairs and Education)…

69 … The question for present purposes is whether Parliament intended for the
s 18(2) presumption to be rebutted by an accused person whose defence is
simply that he was indifferent to what he was carrying. In our judgment, the
answer to this is in the negative because, as we have explained above, the s
18(2) presumption will only be rebutted where the accused person is able to
establish that he did not know the nature of the drugs in his possession, and
an accused person who is indifferent to the nature of the thing he is carrying
cannot be said to have formed any view as to what the thing is or is not (see
[65] above).

75 The accused’s articulated belief, that the blocks were books that were
contraband but would attract a fine only, fell squarely within scenario (b) of
[67]. In this context, he was not able to explain his RM5,000 reward, he was
inconsistent in court, and his close contact with Pandian militated against
any inability on his part to ascertain the true contents of the blocks. The s
18(2) presumption applied squarely to him and he was unable to rebut it.

The evidence aside from the s 18(2) presumption

76 In this context, I return to the Prosecution’s primary contention that even
without the s 18(2) presumption, the accused’s actual knowledge that he
imported cannabis was proved beyond a reasonable doubt. This aspect of their
case relied on the accused’s statement at point of arrest and Dr Phang’s
report. I deal with each in turn.

The first contemporaneous statement

77 The Prosecution relied in particular on questions and answers 4 to 6. I set
out the statement in full for context: 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

P114.

Q1 Are you able to give your statement now?

A1 Yes, I am able to give my statement now.

Q2 What are the items in the 2 packets? (Recorder’s note: The accused was
shown 2 packets containing granular / powdery substance, that was recovered
under the seat)

A2 The item in the 2 packets is ‘makanan’ and I do not know what it is used
for.

Q3 Are you aware that items in the 2 packets are controlled drugs?

A3 I do not know if the items are drugs.

Q4 What are these items? (Recorder’s note: The accused person was shown 1
raincoat pants and 1 block of vegetable matter.)

A4 The block is ‘ganja’ and I had used the raincoat pants to wrap and the
‘ganja’ block to hide it and I had placed it on the storage compartment
located below the handlebar.

Q5 What is ‘ganja’?

A5 It is a form of illegal drugs.

Q6 The officers subsequently conducted a search on you and they had recovered
more items from you. What were the items that were recovered and where was it
recovered from?

A6 The officers had recovered four blocks of ‘ganja’ that I had hidden
underneath the shirt that I was wearing. I had hidden 2 blocks of ‘ganja’ on
my back and 1 block on the front. As for the last block, I had hidden it
underneath my left armpit.

Q7 Why did you bring the 2 packets of ‘makanan’ and the 5 blocks of ‘ganja’
into Singapore?

A7 I was supposed to deliver all the items to an unknown recipient at the
vicinity at 52 Tuas Road at 9pm.

Q8 How are you supposed to deliver all the items?

A8 After I had ended my shift at 9pm, I am supposed to receive a call from
‘Pandian’ before proceeding to 52 Tuas Road for the delivery. He will also
give me the description of the person that I am supposed to deliver too.

Q9 What is ‘Pandian’ number?

A9 ‘Pandian’ has 2 numbers. The Malaysian number is +60 16-4069004 and the
Singapore number is 8358 8902

Q10 How much are you supposed to collect from the unknown recipient for the
delivery of the items?

A10 I do not know the amount. I will only know the amount that I will need to
collect when ‘Pandian’ calls me again at night

Q11 Who is ‘Pandian’?

A11 He is the person who had asked me to deliver all this items and I will get
RM5,000/- for the delivery. ‘Pandian’ also used to work together with me at
Nelco.

Q12 How many times have you made such deliveries into Singapore?

A12 This is my first time doing so.

[Emphasis added]

78 The statement contained admissions as to his knowledge that the five blocks
were cannabis. The accused furnished two reasons for his answer. The first was
that he only stated that the Drugs were ganja because SI Raziff told him at
the point of arrest that the exhibits were dadah, a Malay word meaning drugs.
He immediately associated this with ganja, 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

DWS at para 150; Transcript, 12 November 2020, p 88 lines 1–8; 13 November
2020, p 27 at lines 22–24.

as he knew that dadah meant ganja. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

Transcript, 12 November 2020, p 90 lines 26–29.

This aspect of the accused’s explanation was not credible for several reasons.
First, SI Raziff first used the word dadah in relation to the cubes found in
his motorcycle seat. If dadah were synonymous in his mind with ganja, he would
have identified the cubes as ganja. But at Q2 he identified the cubes as food.
When told at Q3 the items were controlled drugs, he answered that he did not
know that they were drugs. SI Raziff had not used dadah in relation to the
five blocks, which were seized in the garage at the point of search. There was
no reason for him to connect dadah to ganja in his mind.

79 The accused furnished a second explanation, which was that once he was
taken to the garage and shown the block of vegetable manner (as reflected in
Q4 of the statement), he thought that they looked like “ganja leaves”, which
he recognised from social media on his phone. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

Transcript, 12 November 2020 p 89 lines 30 to p 90 line 11.

Looking at the plain text of A4 in isolation, this was plausible. It had some
consonance with his explanation in court that he knew the books were
contraband items but not with his assertion that they attracted a fine only.
First, in his answer at A4 he revealed that he used raincoat trousers to hide
the block at Q4. The fact that he acknowledged he was hiding the block
suggests he knew that the block contained something illegal. Second, his
responses to later questions revealed a plan to deliver the five blocks and
food for RM5,000. In context, it would have been logical for him to explain at
A4 that he did not know the blocks contained ganja until that point, in the
same way that he said he did not know that the cubes were drugs. This was not
the only inference that could be drawn, however, and I return to this issue
after a consideration of Dr Phang’s report, at [88] below.

Dr Phang’s report

80 The Prosecution relied on the accused’s admissions recorded in Dr Phang’s
report as corroboration of his first contemporaneous statement. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

PWS at paras 29–31, 33.

The Defence, on the other hand, argued that Dr Phang’s report should not be
taken as evidence of the facts stated therein, and that little weight should
be given to it. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

DWS at para 72; Defendant’s Reply Submissions dated 3 May 2021 (“DWS2”) at
para 8.

The crux of their argument was that the report gave the accused’s answers out
of context, without the questions which elicited his answers, and thus less
weight should be accorded to the report. In reply, the Prosecution relied on
the case of Public Prosecutor v Saridewi Bte Djamani and another [2018] SGHC
204 (“Saridewi”). 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

PWS2 at para 9.

In that case, “[a]nother piece of evidence pointing towards [the accused’s]
knowledge of the true nature of the substance was the use of the word “heroin”
in the psychiatric report”: at [79].

81 The later decision of Anita Damu v Public Prosecutor [2020] 3 SLR 825
(“Anita Damu”) suggests doubt, at [38]–[41] that an accused’s account to a
psychiatrist could be treated as a statement under s 258(1) of the CPC. Whilst
the comments made in Anita Damu were with regard to the specific issue of
admissibility and in the present case the psychiatric report was admitted for
different reasons, the views expressed in [38]–[41] are applicable. Police
statements are admissible under s 258 of the CPC because they are recorded in
a specific manner provided for under ss 21 and 22 of the CPC. Statements to
psychiatrists do not have the same safeguards and are admitted for the
specific purpose of obtaining the psychiatrist’s opinion. The details of
interviews are important to explain the basis of the psychiatrist’s opinion
and should be considered in their proper context. Interviews recorded by way
of history by psychiatrists assessing soundness of mind should not carry the
same weight and would not be as reliable as admissions made in statements to
the police. Notwithstanding, such statements could be used in cross-
examination in the assessment of an accused’s credibility and as a reference
point to test the evidence. In my view, such an approach is not inconsistent
with that of the court in Saridewi.

82 In this context, I deal with the Prosecution’s cross-examination of the
accused on paragraphs 9 and 10 of the report. The Prosecution’s case was that
the report showed the accused knew that the bundles contained cannabis before
his arrest.

83 Paragraph 9 of Dr Phang’s report read as follows: 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

AB at p 205.

9\. That evening (24th July 2018), the accused related that Pandian drove over
to his rented quarters at 8.30 pm, and as they sat in the latter’s car
talking, '"he (Pandian) told me he's got a job for me; you do this job you can
settle your financial problem". The accused stated that Pandian told him the
'job' was "in relation to stuff...something, substance, which is unlawful. My
understanding is that when he used the (Tamil) word ‘porul’, it meant
something unlawful .... he said if you do this job, to deliver the thing to
Singapore, you can settle your financial problem that’s what he told me", and
Pandian also promised him payment of RM 5,000 upon the successful completion
of the 'job'. The accused stated that he did not ask Pandian about the exact
nature of the 'substance' he was to prospectively convey into Singapore,
though he added that "he (Pandian) said it's a porul' job ... anybody will
know what is a ‘porul’ job ... something illegal", and which the accused
stated he also understood as "something related to drugs". Nevertheless he
stated that he still accepted Pandian's offer as "I urgently needed money".

[emphasis added in italics]

84 When asked about the italicized portion of paragraph 9 by the Prosecution,
the accused simply repeated his earlier evidence that Pandian had told him it
was an illegal job, but it was only after he was caught and he heard the word
dadah at the point of his arrest that he knew the blocks were cannabis. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

Transcript, 25 January 2021, p 22 line 16 to p 23 line 3.

85 Paragraph 10 of Dr Phang’s report read as follows: 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

AB at p 205–206.

The following morning, the accused related that he met Pandian at 5.30 am, and
"I asked him, so he told me it's 'book'. The ones I placed on my body, and the
one in the basket, he told me it’s 'book'. I know it's not a real book but
it's the size of a small book. And the other two (in the white plastic bag) he
called it food chocolate". He further stated that "I did not say it was ganja
but I thought it looked like ganja", having previously seen the drug on
WhatsApp, on my phone". In spite of his cognizance then that the substance he
was to transport to Singapore was illegal, the accused stated that he still
agreed to accept the 'job' as he was in urgent need of cash then, as alluded
to above. In his own words, " I do not know exactly the content, (but] yes, I
know its drugs ...I did not know anything else about the drug what it’s used
for … I only know it’s drugs, and something illegal". He also stated that
while "he (Pandian) already told me it's something: to do with drugs, though I
was a bit taken aback and I felt fear also, definitely, but I didn’t want to
show him that I was in fear, shock, surprise... (the reason being) I was in
such a (financial] state that I didn't want to show him that I was backing out
of his proposal.

86 Again, when asked about the italicized portion in paragraph 10, the accused
first restated that he only found out that the bundles contained drugs after
his arrest. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

Transcript, 25 January 2021, p 23 lines 18–24.

When the Prosecution asserted that he knew it was ganja at the point of
collection, premised on the line “I thought it looked like ganja having
previously seen the drug before”, 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

Transcript, 25 January 2021, p 26 lines 2–7.

the accused again reiterated his narrative that he had only realized the
bundles contained drugs after his arrest. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

Transcript, 25 January 2021, p 26 lines 15–20.

87 Dr Phang’s report of his interview with the accused was inconsistent with
the accused’s evidence in chief, because paragraphs 9 and 10 indicated that
the accused knew the blocks were drugs. The accused maintained in court
instead that the items, while illegal, only attracted a fine. In cross-
examination, rather than being able to explain the difference, the accused
simply reiterated his evidence in chief.

88 Nevertheless, read in context and as a whole, Dr Phang’s record of his
interview with the accused was also inconsistent with the Prosecution’s
interpretation of A4 of the accused’s first contemporaneous statement. The
Prosecution relied on this to show that the accused knew the blocks contained
ganja at the point of collection. But paragraph 10 of the Dr Phang’s report
stated that at the point of collection from Pandian, whilst the accused knew
the blocks were drugs, he only thought that they “looked like” ganja. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

AB at p 205–206.

This indicated that he did not definitively know that the blocks were ganja.
Conversely, this could support the accused’s evidence in court regarding A4 of
his first contemporaneous statement, that he only realised the blocks were
cannabis after he was shown them. Thus, it was not clear beyond a reasonable
doubt that the accused possessed specific knowledge of the nature of the drug
at the point of importation. Rather, it remained plausible that he harboured a
suspicion prior to the importation that the blocks contained cannabis, and it
was only later confirmed when he was shown the blocks in daylight. It was
possible that he readily identified the cannabis at that point because, as
recorded at paragraph 12 of Dr Phang’s report, he wished to cooperate. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

AB at p 206.

Conclusion on accused’s knowledge

89 The accused’s first contemporaneous statement contained an admission that
he was aware that the Drugs were cannabis. The issue was whether his answer
referred to a knowledge at the time of his importation of the blocks, or only
upon seeing the blocks in daylight at the garage as he contended at trial. Dr
Phang’s record of his interview with the accused, when read as a whole and in
context, did not point to either alternative. The accused’s inconsistencies
and lack of credibility, while relevant to the issue of the s 18(2)
presumption, were of a general nature. When considered aside from the s 18(2)
presumption, they were not probative of his knowledge of the nature of the
drug in question.

90 In the light of the Prosecution’s burden of proof, I did not think that
actual knowledge could be established in this case on the basis of the
accused’s contemporaneous statement without the benefit of the s 18(2)
presumption. But the accused’s knowledge that the blocks were drugs put him
squarely into scenarios (b) and (c) articulated by the Court of Appeal at Gobi
at [67]: see [74] above. The statement was an additional piece of evidence
that pointed away from the accused being able to rebut the s 18(2)
presumption. I therefore convicted the accused on the charge brought against
him.

Sentencing

91 Coming to the issue of sentence, the accused’s actions in the present case
were limited to those of transporting cannabis, and associated preparatory
acts for the transporting. The Prosecution agreed that the accused was a
courier and further tendered a certificate of substantive assistance. Both
requirements of s 33B(2) of the MDA were therefore met. In such circumstances,
s 33B(1) of the MDA allows the imposition of a life sentence in the stead of a
death penalty, with a mandatory minimum of 15 strokes of the cane where a life
term was imposed. I exercised my discretion to sentence the accused to life
imprisonment and 15 strokes of the cane. The life term was backdated to his
date of remand, 26 July 2018.

Valerie Thean  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Sruthi Boppana and Gregory Gan (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the
prosecution;

N K Rajarh (K&L Gates Straits Law LLC) and Sureshan s/o T Kulasingam (Sureshan
LLC) for the accused.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 07 Jul 2021 (18:04 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

