Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC 252

Criminal Case No 5 of 2019

Between

Public Prosecutor  
---  
  
And

Mohammad Rosli bin Abdul Rahim  
---  
  
judgment

[Criminal Law] — [Offences] — [Murder]

[Criminal Law] — [Special exceptions] — [Provocation]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  
v

  

Mohammad Rosli bin Abdul Rahim

[2021] SGHC 252

General Division of the High Court — Criminal Case No 5 of 2019  
Dedar Singh Gill J  
16–19, 23–26 February, 22–26 March, 4 June, 9 November 2021

9 November 2021 Judgment reserved.

Dedar Singh Gill J:

1 The accused, Mohammad Rosli bin Abdul Rahim, faces a charge under s 300(c)
of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed) (the “Penal Code”), for killing
Mohammad Roslan bin Zaini (the “deceased”) on 16 August 2017 at approximately
4.30am. At the material time, the accused and the deceased were co-tenants of
a unit (the “Unit”).

Background facts

2 The charge against the accused reads as follows:

That you, MOHAMMAD ROSLI BIN ABDUL RAHIM, on 16 August 2017, at approximately
4.30 am, at [the Unit], did commit murder by causing the death of one Mohammad
Roslan Bin Zaini (M/35) (“the deceased”), to wit, by stabbing the deceased’s
chest with a knife with a blade length of 17cm, causing the deceased to suffer
a stab wound with an estimated depth of approximately 11-13 cm, which
penetrated the deceased’s sternum and anterior wall of the pericardial sac,
and perforated the anterior wall of the right ventricle of the heart, with
intention to cause said bodily injury, which injury is sufficient in the
ordinary course of nature to cause death, and you have thereby committed an
offence under section 300(c), punishable under section 302(2) of the Penal
Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed).

3 In the wee hours of the morning on 16 August 2017, four friends gathered in
the Unit to watch movies on the television. These four people were the
accused, the deceased, one Syed Muhamad Fauzi bin Yacob (“Fauzi”) and one Nur
Shaffika binte Suhaidie (“Shaffika”).

4 At approximately 4.30am, the accused inflicted the injury, as stated in the
charge sheet (“the Attack”), by means of a kitchen knife (“the Knife”). The
Knife had a blade length of 17cm. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

P305.

5 The deceased ran out of the Unit and was subsequently found lying in a prone
position on a grass patch near the block where the Unit was situated. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

ASOF at para 9.

At 4.55am, medics pronounced the deceased dead. At some point in time between
10.05am to 10.40am on 16 August 2017, the accused was arrested and brought
into custody. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

ASOF at paras 26–28.

6 On 17 August 2017, Clinical Professor Gilbert Lau (“Dr Lau”) from the Health
Sciences Authority (“HSA”) conducted an autopsy on the deceased. The autopsy
report dated 24 August 2017 (“the Autopsy Report”) was admitted by consent. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

ASOF at paras 59–60.

There were altogether three stab wounds, and four incised wounds found on the
deceased’s body. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

AB at pp 84–85.

7 Of significance is the stab wound on the upper part of the front of the
deceased’s chest, 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

AB at p 83.

which the Autopsy Report described as follows (the “Fatal Stab Wound”): 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

AB at p 84.

[The Fatal Stab Wound] was located on the right upper anterior chest wall,
with its lower edge being situated at a height of 125 cm above the right heel.
It had a slightly oblique orientation, with its upper and lower edges being
situated at horizontal distances of approximately 2 cm and 3.4 cm from the
midline. Both edges appeared to be sharp. The stab wound measured 5.6 cm and 6
cm in length, with its margins lax and apposed, respectively. …

The track proceeded downwards and medially, towards the midline, to penetrate
the body of the sternum along a segment spanning the 3rd and 4th sternocostal
joints and, subsequently, the anterior wall of the pericardial sac, finally to
perforate the anterior wall of the right ventricle of the heart, where it
terminated at an estimated depth of approximately 11 - 13 cm.

[emphasis added]

The following injuries, which corresponded to the Fatal Stab Wound, were
present on the deceased’s thorax: 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

AB at p 86.

1\. Slit-like penetration of the body of the sternum, spanning the 3rd and 4th
sternocostal joints, along a segment measuring 5cm in length, anteriorly.

2\. A large retrosternal haematoma, measuring approximately 18x10x5 cm.

3\. An incised wound, measuring 4.5 cm in length, through the anterior wall of
the pericardial sac which contained a haemopericardium comprising 200 g of
blood clots and 150 ml of liquid blood.

[emphasis added]

In addition, there was a full-thickness perforation, measuring 3cm in length,
through the anterior wall of the right ventricle of the heart, corresponding
to the Fatal Stab Wound. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

AB at p 86.

8 According to the Autopsy Report, death was caused primarily by the Fatal
Stab Wound. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

AB at p 89.

9 The Autopsy Report also stated that the other stab wounds and incised wounds
present on the deceased’s body were unlikely to have been fatal. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

AB at p 89.

Nevertheless, for completeness, I set out the descriptions of these other stab
wounds and incised wounds: 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

AB at pp 84–86.

(a) a stab wound located obliquely across the ulnar aspect of the right mid-
forearm, measuring between 6cm and 7cm in length, with an estimated depth of
13cm (the “Second Stab Wound”);

(b) a stab wound located longitudinally on the right mid-thigh, measuring
between 3.2cm and 3.6cm in length, with an estimated depth of 11cm (the “Third
Stab Wound”); 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

AB at p 84.

(c) a superficial incised wound, measuring 9.5cm in length, across the right
upper back (the “First Incised Wound”);

(d) an incised wound, measuring 5cm in length and 3.5cm in depth, across the
lateral aspect of the right arm (the “Second Incised Wound”);

(e) a superficial incised wound, measuring 0.7cm in length, on the radial
aspect of the distal digit of the right thumb (the “Third Incised Wound”); and

(f) an incised wound, measuring 2.5cm in length, involving the radial and
ventral aspects of the distal digit of the left thumb (the “Fourth Incised
Wound”).

The Autopsy Report stated that the Third and Fourth Incised Wounds on the
thumbs of the deceased were consistent with defensive injuries, and that the
Second Stab Wound located at the right mid-forearm could be defensive in
nature. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

AB at p 89.

10 One of the issues at trial was the effect of Nitrazepam on the accused, as
the accused’s evidence was that he had consumed Nitrazepam pills prior to the
Attack. Nitrazepam belongs to a class of drugs known as benzodiazepines. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

24 February 2021 Transcript at p 50 lines 19–26.

To address this issue, expert evidence from Dr G Kandasami (“Dr Kandasami”)
and Dr Lee Kae Meng Thomas (“Dr Lee”) was adduced. Dr Kandasami is a Senior
Consultant at the Institute of Mental Health (“IMH”). Dr Lee is a Consultant
Psychiatrist with The Resilienz Clinic Pte Ltd. Dr Lee issued one report dated
11 July 2019 (“Dr Lee’s Report”), while Dr Kandasami issued three reports:

(a) Dr Kandasami’s report dated 2 October 2017 (“Dr Kandasami’s First
Report”);

(b) Dr Kandasami’s report dated 15 May 2018 (“Dr Kandasami’s Second Report”);
and

(c) Dr Kandasami’s report dated 26 December 2019 (“Dr Kandasami’s Third
Report”).

The Prosecution’s case

11 The Prosecution’s narrative is that the accused bore a litany of grievances
towards the deceased. The accused felt that the deceased was cheating him by
demanding the payment of rent which he had already paid as co-tenant for the
Unit. He also suspected that the deceased intended to get him arrested in
order to kick him out of the Unit. Other grievances included the accused’s
unhappiness with how the deceased did not treat one Rohazlin binte Jumar
(“Rohazlin”) well. Rohazlin was the ex-girlfriend of the deceased, and a close
friend of the accused. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

PCS at paras 38–40.

On the day of the Attack, the accused went into the kitchen, selected the most
lethal instrument, returned to the room, and stabbed the deceased with the
intention to teach him a lesson. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

PCS at paras 31–37.

The Defence’s case

12 The Defence submits that the accused is not guilty of murder under s 300(c)
of the Penal Code. The thrust of its case is that the Fatal Stab Wound was
inflicted inadvertently as a result of a missed aim. In other words, the
accused did not intend to inflict the Fatal Stab Wound. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

DCS at paras 3, 5 and 108.

13 In the alternative, the Defence submits that the accused is entitled to
rely on the partial defence of grave and sudden provocation because the Fatal
Stab Wound was inflicted while the accused was deprived of self-control. If
this Defence is established, the accused may be convicted for culpable
homicide not amounting to murder under s 304(a) or (b) of the Penal Code. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

DCS at para 108.

The issues for determination

14 There are two main issues for my determination:

(a) whether the elements of s 300(c) of the Penal Code have been established
beyond a reasonable doubt; and

(b) whether the defence of grave and sudden provocation has been established
on the balance of probabilities.

Whether an offence under s 300(c) of the Penal Code is established

Applicable legal principles

15 Section 300(c) of the Penal Code reads:

300\. Except in the cases hereinafter excepted culpable homicide is murder –

…

(c) if it is done with the intention of causing bodily injury to any person,
and the bodily injury intended to be inflicted is sufficient in the ordinary
course of nature to cause death

16 It is trite that the ingredients of the offence under s 300(c) of the Penal
Code are as follows (Wang Wenfeng v Public Prosecutor [2012] 4 SLR 590 at
[32]):

(a) death has been caused to a person by an act of the accused;

(b) that act resulting in bodily injury was done with the intention of causing
that bodily injury to the deceased; and

(c) that bodily injury intended to be inflicted is sufficient in the ordinary
course of nature to cause death.

17 The first and third elements are clearly satisfied. The accused admitted
that he had inflicted the Fatal Stab Wound. The lethality of the Fatal Stab
Wound, as set out in Dr Lau’s Autopsy Report, remains unchallenged. The only
contested issue is whether the accused had intended to inflict the Fatal Stab
Wound. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

DCS at para 3.

This pertains to the second element.

Whether the accused intended to inflict the Fatal Stab Wound

18 The Prosecution’s case is that the accused had stabbed the deceased in the
chest with the Knife intentionally. Emphasis is placed on the nature of the
Fatal Stab Wound. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

PCS at paras 10–13 and 25–28.

The Prosecution also points to Dr Lau’s evidence that the Fatal Stab Wound
could not have been caused accidentally, 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

PCS at para 30.

the accused’s choice of weapon, 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

PCS at paras 31–34.

admissions by the accused that he intentionally wounded the deceased with the
Knife, 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

PCS at paras 35–37.

and the presence of a motive to cause fatal injury to the deceased. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

PCS at paras 38–40.

19 On the other hand, the Defence submits that the Fatal Stab Wound was
inflicted accidentally. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

DCS at para 56.

In re-examination, the accused claimed that the accused and the deceased “were
both going at each other”. When the accused swung the Knife downwards in a
slashing movement in an attempt to “cut [the deceased’s] shoulder or slash his
shoulder”, the deceased came towards him and the accused “accidentally poke in
that area”. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

24 March 2021 Transcript at p 12 line 10 to p 13 line 5.

“[T]hat area” refers to the deceased’s chest. The accused claimed that the
deceased may be trying to “block”, and that was when the Knife “hit him”. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

24 March 2021 Transcript at p 13 line 17.

In other words, the Defence’s case is that the deceased likely sustained the
Fatal Stab Wound when he inadvertently intercepted the trajectory of the Knife
just as the accused was trying to land a blow on the deceased’s shoulder. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

DCS at para 60.

20 The Defence also seeks to raise a reasonable doubt that the Fatal Stab
Wound was intentionally inflicted, by relying on the following facts: 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

DCS at para 72.

(a) the poor lighting in the Unit at the material time;

(b) the dynamic and chaotic melee during the Attack;

(c) the accused’s consistent position that his intention was to teach the
deceased a lesson when he grabbed the Knife; and

(d) the interplay of psychiatric factors affecting the accused at the material
time.

On the first two points, the Defence claims that as the dynamic and chaotic
skirmish took place in a room with poor lighting, 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

DCS at paras 4(b), 22, 33, 43 and 72.

there is a “distinct possibility” that the Fatal Stab Wound was inflicted
inadvertently. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

DCS at paras 5 and 22.

As for the third point, the Defence claims that the accused’s decision to take
the Knife was a spontaneous one as he was unable to find a rod or pole in the
short time he did a quick glance around the kitchen. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

DCS at para 55.

Finally, the Defence also asserts that the accused was under the influence of
Nitrazepam intoxication at the time of the attack. This allegedly impaired the
accused’s cognition, volition and judgment, thereby affecting the accused’s
ability to aim with intent. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

DCS at para 45.

21 Having considered the evidence as a whole, I am satisfied, beyond a
reasonable doubt, that the accused had intentionally inflicted the Fatal Stab
Wound. Four findings of fact are pertinent to this conclusion:

(a) the Fatal Stab Wound was inflicted by an inward thrust, and not by a
slashing motion;

(b) significant force and speed were required to cause the Fatal Stab Wound;

(c) there was adequate lighting for the accused to see where he was stabbing,
and for the deceased to see where the accused was and the movements of the
accused; and

(d) the accused chose the most lethal implement in the kitchen tray.

These factual findings also render the accused’s version of events (see above
at [19]) highly incredible.

22 I will begin with the evidential analysis supporting these four factual
findings.

The Fatal Stab Wound was inflicted by an inward thrust, and not by a slashing
motion

23 Dr Lau testified that the difference between a stab wound and an incised
wound lies in the fact that a stab wound is caused by an inward thrust, such
that the depth of the wound is greater than the surface dimensions on the
skin, whereas an incised wound has surface dimensions on the skin that are
greater than the depth of the wound. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

16 February 2021 Transcript at p 82 lines 26–32 and p 112 lines 1–3.

The Fatal Stab Wound was approximately 11–13cm in depth: it penetrated the
sternum as well as perforated the anterior wall of the right ventricle of the
heart. Dr Lau therefore concluded that slashing could never have resulted in
the Fatal Stab Wound. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

16 February 2021 Transcript at p 112 lines 22–30.

Dr Lau’s testimony is eminently sensible, and I accept his evidence that the
Fatal Stab Wound was caused by an inward thrust rather than a slashing motion.

24 The accused initially claimed in examination-in-chief that he had “swung”
the Knife in a “criss-cross slashing action” at the deceased, and “sliced” at
the deceased. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

25 February 2021 Transcript at p 44 lines 9–30.

However, he subsequently conceded under cross-examination that the substantial
penetration into the deceased’s chest could not have happened if he were only
doing slicing and slashing actions. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

22 March 2021 Transcript at p 14 line 30 to p 15 line 3.

In any event, the Defence in its reply submissions has expressly stated that
it is not disputing Dr Lau’s evidence that the Fatal Stab Wound was inflicted
by a stabbing action, 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

DRS at para 6.

even though it has placed reliance on the accused’s testimony that he was
trying to cut or slash the deceased’s shoulder in its closing submissions. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

DCS at para 56.

25 Fauzi’s testimony as to how the Attack took place further fortifies my
finding that the Fatal Stab Wound was inflicted by an inward thrust. Fauzi
testified that the accused made punching actions towards the deceased. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

18 February 2021 Transcript at p 110 lines 2–17.

He also testified that “when [the accused] punch few times, then the blood
come out”. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

18 February 2021 Transcript at p 106 line 16 to p 107 line 14.

When he subsequently came closer towards the accused to stop the fight, he saw
the accused wielding the Knife and backed off. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

18 February 2021 Transcript at p 107 lines 10–14.

26 Defence, in its written submissions, contends that Fauzi did not see the
actual stab. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

DCS at para 71(a).

Indeed, Fauzi did not witness the actual stab because he did not see the Knife
going into the deceased’s chest. Fauzi candidly admitted that he did not see
the accused wielding the Knife initially. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

19 February 2021 Transcript at p 13 lines 23–24.

Nonetheless, the fact remains that Fauzi witnessed the accused’s punching
motions and saw blood coming out of the deceased’s chest as a result. These
sufficiently show that the Fatal Stab Wound was caused by an inward thrust of
the Knife, rather than a slashing motion.

27 It did not escape my attention that Fauzi admitted to consuming two pills
of Nitrazepam some time after 2.00am on 16 August 2017. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

18 February 2021 Transcript at p 118 lines 2–13; 19 February 2021 Transcript
at p 4 line 30 to p 5 line 4.

This was approximately two hours before the accused attacked the deceased.
Fauzi described that he was relaxed and sleepy after taking the pill, and felt
like he was inside the movie that was playing on the television. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

18 February 2021 Transcript at p 118 line 29 to p 119 line 32; 19 February
2021 Transcript at p 16 lines 17–28.

During cross-examination, he even admitted that the effect the pills had on
him was to make him see or hear things that were not necessarily happening. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

19 February 2021 Transcript at p 5 line 21 to p 6 line 1.

28 Nevertheless, Fauzi was confident that he did see the accused make punching
actions towards the deceased. He was also confident that he saw the accused
holding the Knife subsequently. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

19 February 2021 Transcript at p 16 line 29 to p 17 line 11.

He was unequivocal in stating that the pills did not have any effect on his
testimony in these regards. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

18 February 2021 Transcript at p 120 lines 3–9.

Having examined Fauzi’s oral testimony as a whole, I find that his testimony
was clear, cogent and internally consistent. I am satisfied that despite
consuming two pills of Nitrazepam approximately two hours before the Attack,
Fauzi did see the accused’s punching motions, blood coming out of the
deceased’s chest as a result, and the accused holding the Knife. In my view,
the quarrel and the commotion would likely have taken Fauzi out of the relaxed
state he was in.

29 I therefore find, on the basis of Dr Lau’s evidence and Fauzi’s testimony,
that the Fatal Stab Wound was inflicted by an inward thrust as opposed to a
slashing motion. For completeness, I place no weight on Shaffika’s testimony
in arriving at this conclusion. Shaffika saw the accused holding the Knife at
two points in time, but did not see what the accused was doing with the Knife.

The Fatal Stab Wound was inflicted with significant force and speed

30 Next, I find that significant force was required to inflict the Fatal Stab
Wound. This is apparent not only from the depth of penetration (11cm to 13cm),
but also from the fact that the Knife had fully penetrated solid bone. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

16 February 2021 Transcript at p 70 lines 14–21.

As emphasised by Dr Lau, significant speed and great force are required to
breach the full thickness of the sternum. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

16 February 2021 Transcript at p 69 lines 12–24.

There was adequate lighting

31 The accused, Fauzi and Shaffika all testified that there was light
emanating from the television, which was playing a movie. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

19 February 2021 Transcript at p 10 lines 21–27 and p 41 lines 13–17; 25
February 2021 at p 45 lines 5–6; 22 March 2021 Transcript at p 11 lines 28–31.

The top three panels of the window were made of dark tinted glass which would
have allowed some light from the corridor to stream into the Unit, 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

17 February 2021 Transcript at p 56 lines 12–15; 18 February 2021 Transcript
at p 6 lines 16–24.

even if these three panels were close. It is not disputed that the corridor
lights were switched on during the Attack. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

19 February 2021 Transcript at p 19 line 26 to p 20 line 3; 22 March 2021
Transcript at p 11 lines 28–31.

Even though Shaffika was unable to recall if the toilet lights in the Unit
were switched on or off, 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

19 February 2021 Transcript at p 40 lines 31–32.

Fauzi and the accused gave clear and consistent evidence that there was light
coming from the toilet. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

18 February 2021 Transcript at p 106 lines 10–11; 19 February 2021 Transcript
at p 10 lines 17–23; 25 February 2021 Transcript at p 45 lines 5–6; 22 March
2021 Transcript at p 11 lines 28–31.

I therefore find that there was light coming from the toilet.

32 There is, however, some uncertainty as to the other sources of light in the
Unit at the time of the Attack:

(a) Both Fauzi and Shaffika were unable to recall whether the window panels
were open or close. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

18 February 2021 Transcript at p 102 lines 20–25; 19 February 2021 Transcript
at p 10 lines 13–14 and p 40 lines 27–30.

The significance of this is that the bottom four panels of the window were
made of opaque metal, 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

17 February 2021 Transcript at p 56 lines 6–9.

even though the top three panels were made of dark tinted glass. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

17 February 2021 Transcript at p 56 lines 12–15; 18 February 2021 Transcript
at p 6 lines 16–24.

The state of the evidence is such that I am unable to make a finding as to
whether the window panels were open or close.

(b) Conflicting testimonies were also given as to whether the door to the Unit
was open or close. According to Fauzi, the door to the Unit was close during
the Attack. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

18 February 2021 Transcript at p 102 lines 1–9, p 105 line 29 to p 106 line 9;
19 February 2021 Transcript at p 10 lines 11–12.

However, the accused testified that the door was open during the Attack, 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

25 February 2021 Transcript at p 46 line 6 to p 47 line 4; 22 March 2021
Transcript at p 11 lines 28–31.

and light from the corridor was streaming in through the doorway into the
Unit. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

22 March 2021 Transcript at p 12 lines 2–9.

Shaffika during examination-in-chief claimed that the door was not close at
any point that night, 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

19 February 2021 Transcript at p 49 lines 1–11.

but under cross-examination, Shaffika accepted that the door was “then opened”
and she left the Unit first. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

19 February 2021 Transcript at p 67 lines 1–11.

Her evidence during cross-examination thus suggests that the door was close
during the Attack. The Defence claims that the door was most likely close
during the Attack as blood splatters can be seen on the side of the door which
faces the interior of the Unit. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

DCS at para 40.

If the door was open during the Attack, it would have improved the visibility
in the Unit because the corridor lights were switched on during the Attack. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

19 February 2021 Transcript at p 19 line 26 to p 20 line 3; 22 March 2021
Transcript at p 11 lines 28–31.

Due to conflicting evidence on whether the door was open or close, I cannot
make a finding on this issue.

33 However, even if all the window panels and the door were close during the
Attack, there would still be three sources of light in the Unit: (a) light
from the television; (b) corridor light streaming in through the dark tinted
glasses of the top three window panels; and (c) light from the toilet (see
above at [31]).

34 The uncertainties surrounding whether the window panels and the door were
open or close, also do not prevent me from being satisfied, beyond a
reasonable doubt, that there was adequate lighting for the accused to see
where he was stabbing, and for the deceased to see where the accused was and
the movements of the accused. This can be inferred from: (a) the accused’s own
testimony and statement to the police; and (b) Fauzi’s and Shaffika’s
testimonies.

35 First, it is evident from the accused’s testimony during examination-in-
chief that there was adequate light for him to see the deceased’s upper body
and his movements. When asked by the court whether there was sufficient light
for him to view the right shoulder of the deceased, the accused testified that
he could see the deceased even though “it was a little obscure”. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

25 February 2021 Transcript at p 48 lines 1–13.

He also claimed that while some parts of the Unit were bright, the deceased
was in the “dark part” of the Unit during the Attack. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

25 February 2021 Transcript at p 45 lines 2–4, p 47 lines 21–26 and p 55 lines
16–19.

However, these qualifications, that his view of the deceased was “a little
obscure” and the deceased was in the “dark part” of the Unit, lose much force
in the light of the accused’s detailed and vivid descriptions of the
deceased’s movements during examination-in-chief. The accused testified that
he saw the deceased blocking his attack using his hand, 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

25 February 2021 Transcript at p 44 lines 11–13.

with one of his legs slightly raised. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

25 February 2021 Transcript at p 49 lines 1–7 and lines 21–22.

The accused even demonstrated in court that the deceased was moving his body
from left to right, with his shoulders moving in a back-and-forth manner and
both arms raised in a blocking movement. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

25 February 2021 Transcript at p 49 lines 1–18.

36 Consistent with his testimony during examination-in-chief, the accused
testified under cross-examination that the deceased had raised his arms in a
blocking motion with his shoulders shaking back and forth. According to the
accused, the deceased also alternated between using his left and right knees
in a defensive position. The accused also claimed that he re-enacted what the
deceased was doing for Dr Lee. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

22 March 2021 Transcript at p 12 line 21 to p 13 line 29.

Significantly, the accused testified that there was sufficient light for him
to see the deceased’s shoulder, as well as the deceased’s entire upper body.
74

##### Foot Note 74

×

22 March 2021 Transcript at p 12 lines 23–25.

37 In fact, even before testifying on the stand, the accused, in his statement
to the police on 19 August 2017 (the “19 August Statement”), was able to state
that he saw blood oozing out of the deceased’s chest. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

AB at p 289 at para 8.

38 It is thus evident from the accused’s own testimony and statement to the
police that there was adequate light in the room for the accused to see the
deceased’s chest and take an aim at it.

39 Second, even though the witnesses to the incident, Fauzi and Shaffika, both
testified that the Unit was dark, 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

19 February 2021 Transcript at p 10 lines 28–30 and p 67 lines 15–21.

both could still see the positions and movements of the accused and the
deceased when they turned their attention to the Attack. Fauzi, for instance,
testified that he was able to see the accused doing punching actions, while
the deceased was leaning back and kicking upwards at the accused’s leg. When
he moved closer towards the deceased and the accused to stop the fight, he
could see the Knife. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

18 February 2021 Transcript at p 106 line 16 to p 108 line 31 and p 110 lines
18–27; 19 February 2021 Transcript at p 18 line 19 to p 19 line 3.

Shaffika, while she was inside the Unit, saw the accused standing near a
silver fan on the floor, holding the Knife, while the deceased was sitting
down on the floor. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

19 February 2021 Transcript at p 49 line 21 to p 51 line 16, p 64 line 18 to p
65 line 17, p 67 lines 25–29.

After she moved to the open doorway (while still being in the Unit), she was
able to see that the accused was squatting beside the deceased, while the
deceased was lying down. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

19 February 2021 Transcript at p 45 line 8 to p 47 line 15, p 53 lines 15–26
and p 67 lines 30–32.

All these fortify my finding that there was adequate light in the Unit for the
accused to see where he was aiming.

40 It also follows, from the foregoing analysis, that there must have been
sufficient light for the deceased to see where the accused was as well as the
accused’s movements. Crucially, the deceased must have been able to see that
the accused was holding the Knife.

The accused chose the most lethal implement in the kitchen tray

41 The accused testified that he took the Knife from a black tray in the
kitchen. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

22 March 2021 Transcript at p 4 lines 8–14; P255.

As the Prosecution rightly points out, the black tray had two other less
lethal implements, a chopper and a knife with a rounded tip (the “dinner
knife”). 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

22 March 2021 Transcript at p 7 lines 8–23.

42 When asked during cross-examination as to why he did not use the chopper or
the dinner knife, the accused explained that the Knife was on top of the
chopper and the dinner knife, so he did not see the chopper or the dinner
knife. He only saw the Knife. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

22 March 2021 Transcript at p 4 lines 21–32 and p 7 lines 7–20.

43 However, the accused’s 19 August Statement indicated that he did see the
chopper. In his 19 August Statement, he expressly mentioned that “[t]here were
two knives in the tray – one is a chopper without handle and the other is a
normal kitchen knife”, and he “took the normal kitchen knife”. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

AB at p 288–289 at para 7.

It is also unbelievable that the accused did not see the chopper and the
dinner knife. Even if the Knife was initially lying on top of the chopper and
the dinner knife, the accused would have seen the chopper and the dinner knife
after he removed the Knife from the tray. During cross-examination, the
accused accepted that the kitchen area is next to the toilet, and he could see
the black tray and the Knife because the toilet light was switched on. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

22 March 2021 Transcript at p 7 lines 24–27.

By extension, he must have seen the chopper and the dinner knife after he
removed the Knife from the tray.

44 Accordingly, I find that the accused consciously chose to take the Knife,
despite being aware of the availability of less lethal implements in the black
tray.

The accused had intentionally inflicted the Fatal Stab Wound

45 The evidence, on the whole, shows beyond a reasonable doubt that the Fatal
Stab Wound was intentionally inflicted by the accused. There was sufficient
light in the Unit for the accused to aim at the deceased’s chest while he held
the Knife and made punching motions at the deceased. As described by Fauzi and
the accused, there was some physical altercation between the accused and the
deceased. This would have engendered some difficulty in aiming at the
deceased’s chest. Notwithstanding that, the accused did aim at the deceased’s
chest and intentionally thrusted the Knife into his chest. This is apparent
from how the Knife was forcefully pushed in almost to its hilt. The blade
length of the Knife was 17cm, while the depth of the Fatal Stab Wound was
between 11cm to 13cm. The degree of force required to achieve such substantial
penetration through the full thickness of the bone, must have been tremendous.

46 The accused’s choice of weapon further bolsters the inference that the
accused had harboured the intention to inflict the Fatal Stab Wound. In this
regard, the accused mentioned for the first time during cross-examination that
he resorted to the Knife after failing to find a wooden pole or a metal rod.
85

##### Foot Note 85

×

22 March 2021 Transcript at p 5 line 2 to p 6 line 31.

When confronted with photographic evidence of the toilet, which showed that
there was a black rod together with a broom and a dustpan, the accused claimed
that the black rod was what he was looking for in the few seconds he went into
the kitchen. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

24 March 2021 Transcript at p 27 lines 2–16.

However, he insisted that at the material time, he did not see the black rod,
or the broomstick and the dustpan, because he only did a quick, spontaneous
search. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

24 March 2021 Transcript at p 27 line 17 to p 29 line 9.

The Prosecution posits that these were fabrications and afterthoughts on the
part of the accused. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

PCS at para 33.

On the other hand, the Defence put forward several explanations as to why the
accused made this allegation late in the day. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

DCS at paras 47–49 and 52.

It is not necessary for me to make a determination as to whether the accused
had initially intended to find a wooden pole or metal rod. The fact remains
that there were other less lethal implements in the black tray which would
have been immediately apparent to the accused after he picked up the Knife
from the black tray. Nevertheless, the accused proceeded with his choice of
the most lethal weapon in the black tray, and returned to the room to attack
the deceased. His choice of weapon is therefore consistent with his intention
to cause the Fatal Stab Wound.

47 Going against the foregoing analysis is the Defence’s claim that the
accused had “accidentally poke[d]” the deceased’s chest while swinging the
Knife downwards because the deceased moved forward to block. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

DCS at para 56; 24 March 2021 Transcript at p 12 lines 10–14.

In an attempt to bolster the credibility of this account, the Defence argues
that these took place in the course of a fast-paced and chaotic altercation
within a relatively dark Unit; as a result, it was hard for the accused to
discern where the Knife was “hitting”. Emphasis is also placed on the
accused’s testimony that the accused and the deceased were taking turns to
“bump” into each other. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

DCS at paras 56, 58, 66 and 69; DRS at paras 32–33.

48 The Defence’s case, however, is not borne out by the evidence and is
inherently incredible. At the outset, it is clear from the forensic evidence
and Fauzi’s testimony that the Fatal Stab Wound was inflicted by an inward
thrust. Dr Lau unequivocally testified that it was not possible for the Fatal
Stab Wound to be caused by a slashing motion. Setting aside the Defence’s
assertion that it was hard for the accused to ascertain where the Knife would
“hit”, the crux of the Defence’s case is that the deceased had moved towards
the accused as the accused was swinging the Knife downwards. This is plainly
implausible. Given that the Fatal Stab Wound was caused by an extremely
forceful, inward thrust of the Knife, the deceased would have needed to move
towards the accused at great speed. It would be quite incredible for the
deceased to have undertaken such a dangerous and fatal course of action, when
there was adequate light for him to see that the accused was wielding the
Knife.

49 The Defence draws the court’s attention to the absence of forensic
reconstruction of the events leading up to the infliction of the Fatal Stab
Wound. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

DCS at paras 22 and 57; DRS at para 31.

However, as the Prosecution correctly posits, the Defence bears the evidential
burden of adducing expert evidence in support of its version of events. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

PRS at para 6.

The concept of the evidential burden was the subject of the recent Court of
Appeal decision in Public Prosecutor v GCK [2020] 1 SLR 486 (“GCK”). The
evidential burden is the burden to adduce sufficient evidence to raise an
issue for the consideration of the trier of fact (GCK at [132]). The
evidential burden generally lies on the Prosecution, but the evidential burden
may lie on the Defence, depending on the nature of the defence and the fact in
issue that is being raised (GCK at [133]). There will not be any question of
the Prosecution having to discharge its evidential burden by calling a
particular witness if the accused person’s defence is patently and inherently
incredible to begin with: see Muhammad Nabill bin Mohd Fuad v Public
Prosecutor [2020] 1 SLR 984 at [71] and Beh Chew Boo v Public Prosecutor
[2020] 2 SLR 1375 at [80]. Here, the Defence seeks to raise a reasonable doubt
by suggesting that the Fatal Stab Wound was caused inadvertently, according to
the accused’s version of events. It is thus incumbent on them to adduce
sufficient evidence in support of that account. The Prosecution does not
shoulder the evidential burden to adduce expert evidence, such as evidence
from a forensic reconstruction expert, to rebut the accused’s version of
events, given that it is inherently incredible to begin with.

50 To sum up, the Defence’s case, that the Fatal Stab Wound was accidentally
inflicted by the accused while the deceased was moving towards him, is
incapable of raising a reasonable doubt.

51 Next, the Defence also claims that the accused was under the influence of
Nitrazepam intoxication at the time of the attack. According to the Defence,
this impaired the accused’s cognition, volition and judgment, and affected the
accused’s ability to aim with intent. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

DCS at para 45.

52 In so far as the Defence is saying that the accused was incapable of
forming an intention to inflict the Fatal Stab Wound as a result of Nitrazepam
intoxication, this argument is a non-starter in the light of the accused’s
multiple testimonies as to how he took the Knife because he wanted to teach
the deceased a lesson. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

22 March 2021 Transcript at p 5 lines 6–20; AB at p 293 at para 21.

These show that his cognitive processes were not so handicapped that it was
impossible for him to form an intention to inflict the Fatal Stab wound.

53 If what the Defence means is that the accused was physically incapable of
aiming the Knife at the deceased’s chest, this argument has slightly more
merit given that the accused did testify to consuming seven Nitrazepam pills
prior to the Attack. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

26 February 2021 Transcript at p 43 line 31 to p 44 line 6.

However, upon considering the expert evidence on the effects of Nitrazepam on
the accused, I find that the accused’s physical control was diminished to some
degree as a result of Nitrazepam, but that reduction in control was not at all
severe (see below at [117]). Hence, I am satisfied that the accused was still
physically capable of aiming the Knife at the deceased’s chest.

54 For completeness, I make three final observations.

55 First, there is conflicting evidence as to whether the deceased was
standing or sitting during the Attack. Fauzi testified that the deceased was
sitting on the floor during the Attack. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

18 February 2021 Transcript at p 110 lines 2–17.

The accused, however, expressly refuted Fauzi’s testimony and claimed that the
deceased was standing during the Attack. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

25 February 2021 Transcript at p 49 line 23 to p 50 line 18.

This inconsistency does not have a bearing on my analysis. Even if I accept
the accused’s evidence that the deceased was standing during the Attack, the
unassailable forensic evidence is that the Fatal Stab Wound was caused by an
inward thrust of the Knife, and this can take place regardless of whether the
deceased was standing or sitting. Similarly, even if the deceased was standing
during the Attack, this does not change the fact that there was sufficient
lighting for the accused to aim at the deceased’s chest, and it is still
highly improbable for the deceased to have accidentally impaled himself as he
moved towards the accused. In short, nothing turns on whether the deceased was
sitting or standing.

56 Second, I observe that the Prosecution and the Defence have made several
points which are at best neutral factors. They do not show that the accused
had the intention to inflict the Fatal Stab Wound:

(a) The Prosecution relies on the presence of two other stab wounds to show
that the Fatal Stab Wound was not inflicted by an errant stab, but rather in
the course of a series of stabs directed at the deceased. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

PCS at para 29.

Reference is made to Dr Lau’s evidence that these two other stab wounds were
likely to have been inflicted as the deceased attempted to defend himself. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

PCS at para 29.

I disagree. Regardless of whether the two other stab wounds were defensive in
nature, their existence does not assist in showing that the Fatal Stab Wound
was intentionally or accidentally inflicted in the manner described by the
accused. It is a neutral factor.

(b) The Prosecution contends that the accused effectively admitted that he had
intended to inflict the Fatal Stab Wound. For this contention, the Prosecution
relies on the following: 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

PCS at para 36.

(i) In the accused’s 19 August Statement, the accused claimed that he had
taken the Knife from the kitchen to “hurt [the deceased]”, 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

AB at p 289 at para 7.

and had swung the Knife at the deceased’s upper body. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

AB at p 289 at para 8.

The accused subsequently saw blood oozing out of the deceased’s chest. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

AB at p 289 at para 8.

(ii) In the accused’s statement recorded on 22 August 2017 (the “22 August
Statement”), the accused stated that he took the Knife to “injure [the
deceased] to teach [the deceased] a lesson”. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

AB at p 293 at para 21.

(iii) The accused told Dr Kandasami and Dr Lee that he had wanted to teach the
deceased a lesson. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

AB at p 172 at para 19; AB at p 332 at para 27.

He also told Dr Kandasami that he had slashed the deceased on the chest and
shoulder, 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

AB at p 172 at para 19.

and that the deceased was “better dead”. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

AB at p 172 at para 20.

(iv) At trial, the accused explained that the Fatal Stab Wound occurred by
accident. When the accused “tried to cut [the deceased’s] shoulder or slash
his shoulder, [the accused] came and [the deceased] came”, and he
“accidentally poke in that area” in “the midst of [the deceased] trying to
block”. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

24 March 2021 at p 12 lines 10–14.

According to the Prosecution, these collectively amounted to an admission that
he had inflicted the Fatal Stab Wound intentionally. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

PCS at para 36.

I disagree. Rather, I agree with the Defence that some of these allegations
and statements merely contain a description of the accused’s version of
events, and in so far as some of these allegations reveal the accused’s
intention, they only amount to an admission to cause injury to the deceased as
opposed to an admission that the Fatal Stab Wound was inflicted intentionally.
111

##### Foot Note 111

×

DRS at paras 19–20, 22 and 26–27.

These statements and allegations are therefore neutral factors in my
assessment of whether the accused deliberately inflicted the Fatal Stab Wound.

(c) The Prosecution and the Defence both rely on the Multimedia Messaging
Service message (“MMS”) which the accused drafted to the deceased shortly
after the murder, wherein he expressed his desire to “whack [the deceased]
real hard until he is admitted to the hospital” if the deceased called the
police or the Central Narcotics Bureau (“CNB”). 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

PCS at para 37; DRS at para 29; P375 and P376; 22 March 2021 Transcript at p
20 lines 21–27.

In my view, this MMS is merely a neutral factor. It signifies the accused’s
animosity towards the deceased, and his intention to cause further hurt to the
deceased if the deceased made a report to the authorities, but it is not
probative of whether the accused had earlier stabbed the deceased with the
intention of causing the Fatal Stab Wound. The fact that the accused drafted
the MMS to the deceased indicates that he was under the impression that the
deceased was still alive. After all, the last he had seen the deceased, the
deceased was still alive. It was possible for the accused to be under such an
impression regardless of whether he inflicted the Fatal Stab Wound
inadvertently or intentionally.

(d) The Prosecution relies on the following message sent by the accused to one
Tamamullah bin Harun (“Tamamullah”) at 10.06am on 16 August 2017: 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

P378 at SN 4; 22 March 2021 Transcript at p 42 lines 23–29.

Remember [Tamamullah] when people talk to you, tell them that [the deceased]
was the one who poked me first. [Tamamullah], now I just want to cut his hand
only. Okay, do not forget.

The accused admitted on the stand that he sent this message to Tamamullah to
get Tamamullah to lie on his behalf if he was questioned by the police. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

24 March 2021 Transcript at p 19 lines 4–10.

According to the Prosecution, this message shows that the accused’s claim in
court that he was aiming for the deceased’s shoulder was an afterthought. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

PCS at paras 42–43.

I am unable to draw such an inference. As the accused was aware that he had
caused some injury to the deceased during the Attack, it was plausible for the
accused to send this message in an attempt to diminish his culpability even if
it was true that he aimed at the deceased’s shoulder but inadvertently stabbed
the deceased in the manner described above at [19]. That said, this message
does not lend any credibility to the accused’s account of events. The accused
had admitted that the contents of this message are a lie and, as a result,
neither the existence of the message or its contents assists in showing
whether the Attack transpired in the way the accused said it did.

57 The last observation is this. The Prosecution and the Defence disagree on
the expertise of Dr Lau to determine whether the injuries were accidentally or
deliberately inflicted. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

PRS at para 5; DCS at para 64.

I make two points. First, I accept Dr Lau’s explanation during cross-
examination that he “is entitled to give his opinion as to whether certain
injuries might have been self-inflicted or inflicted deliberately by---or
through the agency of another person” [emphasis added]. In other words, Dr Lau
is saying that he has the freedom to render his opinion on this issue in
response to cross-examination questions. This is, however, different from
saying that he has the expertise to give evidence as to how the injuries were
inflicted. Second, as the Defence has alluded to, 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

DCS at para 63.

it is the court, and not Dr Lau, which will ultimately determine whether the
Fatal Stab Wound was inflicted intentionally in light of the surrounding
circumstances. The nature of the injury, which Dr Lau has the expertise to
testify on, is just one factor which the court can consider when drawing an
inference as to the accused’s state of mind at the material time.

58 The foregoing issues nevertheless do not affect my finding that the
Prosecution has shown, beyond a reasonable doubt, that the Fatal Stab Wound
was intentionally inflicted by the accused. I now turn to consider whether the
accused is entitled to invoke the defence of grave and sudden provocation.

Whether the defence of grave and sudden provocation is established on a
balance of probabilities

Applicable legal principles

59 The Defence bears the burden of establishing the partial defence of grave
and sudden provocation on a balance of probabilities (see Public Prosecutor v
Astro bin Jakaria [2010] 3 SLR 862 (“Astro bin Jakaria”) at [139]). This
partial defence is contained in Exception 1 to s 300 of the Penal Code:

Exception 1.—Culpable homicide is not murder if the offender whilst deprived
of the power of self-control by grave and sudden provocation, causes the death
of the person who gave the provocation, or causes the death of any other
person by mistake or accident.

The Court of Appeal in Pathip Selvan s/o Sugumaran v Public Prosecutor [2012]
4 SLR 453 (“Pathip Selvan”) at [34] held that two distinct requirements must
be fulfilled before the accused can invoke this defence:

(a) the accused was deprived of self-control by the provocation (the
“Subjective Test”); and

(b) the provocation must be grave and sudden, and it has to be determined
whether an ordinary person of the same sex and age as the accused, sharing his
characteristics as would affect the gravity of the provocation, would have
been so provoked as to lose self-control (the “Objective Test”).

Defence’s case

60 The Defence’s case is that the accused lost self-control when the deceased
uttered vulgarities insulting the accused’s mother, just before the Attack.
118

##### Foot Note 118

×

DCS at paras 86–89.

The Defence also alleged that the following matters formed the accused’s
mental background at the time of the offence. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

DCS at paras 91–93 and 96; DRS at para 42.

(a) an altercation between the accused and the deceased (the “Alleged First
Altercation”) which took place around 3.00am on 16 August 2017; and

(b) the deceased’s aggressive behaviour towards the accused as well as the
deceased’s act of cursing at the accused in front of their friends, during the
argument immediately preceding the Attack.

61 I will first consider whether there is sufficient evidence to establish (a)
the Alleged First Altercation; and (b) the argument immediately preceding the
Attack and insults involving the accused’s mother, before proceeding to
consider whether the Subjective Test and the Objective Test are fulfilled.

The Alleged First Altercation

62 The Defence’s case is that the Alleged First Altercation took place before
the Attack, at around 3.00am on 16 August 2017. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

DCS at para 91.

During the Alleged First Altercation, the deceased kicked and pushed the
accused on the chest. This caused the accused to fall near the television
console and hurt his back. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

DCS at para 28.

63 In support of its case, the Defence relies on the accused’s reports of
feeling a pain in his back to police officers and medical personnel shortly
after he was taken into custody. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

DCS at paras 29–30.

Reliance is also placed on medical evidence that the accused suffered from
spondylolisthesis and his subsequent surgical intervention at Changi General
Hospital after a fall he sustained while in remand. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

DCS at para 31.

64 The Prosecution submits that the Alleged First Altercation never took
place. The accused gave inconsistent evidence on when and how the deceased had
assaulted him, 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

PCS at para 52.

and was inconsistent in the presentation of his injuries to both doctors. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

PCS at paras 64–66.

The Alleged First Altercation is at odds with the testimony of the other
witnesses, and uncorroborated by objective evidence in the form of medical
reports, police camera (“Polcam”) footage, and photographs. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

PCS at para 52.

In particular, there was Polcam footage of how the accused was walking upright
and purposefully towards the multi-storey carpark while carrying his
belongings shortly after the Attack. Moreover, the accused could continue to
sell his “power pills” to a customer at the void deck where he was
subsequently arrested. He raised no complaint or sign of pain while he was
escorted by two police officers to Police Cantonment Complex, and was able to
stand upright unassisted at the Police Cantonment Complex. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

PCS at paras 62–63.

As for the fact that the accused underwent a back operation due to the medical
condition of spondylolisthesis, the Prosecution submits that this is at best
equivocal in supporting the accused’s claim that he was assaulted by the
deceased. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

PCS at paras 60 and 67–69.

65 It is undisputed that there were no witnesses to the Alleged First
Altercation. 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

DCS at para 29; 18 February 2021 Transcript at p 60 lines 6–10.

Consequently, the issue is whether the accused’s testimony relating to the
occurrence of the Alleged First Altercation ought to be accepted. As the
Prosecution points out, 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

PCS at paras 51–69.

there are numerous difficulties with the accused’s testimony relating to the
Alleged First Altercation. I am therefore not satisfied, on a balance of
probabilities, that the Alleged First Altercation did take place.

66 The most glaring issue with the accused’s testimony is his severe lack of
conviction as to whether the Alleged First Altercation did happen. The accused
conceded under cross-examination that the alleged kick and push by the
deceased, and him falling on the television console, might have been an
illusion. He claimed that when Fauzi talked about having illusions, he
realised that the Alleged First Altercation could have been an illusion. 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

26 February 2021 Transcript at p 41 line 17 to p 42 line 16.

He supplemented this in re-examination by explaining that he doubted his
memory of what happened due to his consumption of Nitrazepam pills. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

23 March 2021 Transcript at p 9 lines 12–22.

67 At another portion of his testimony during re-examination, the accused put
forward his account of what transpired during the Alleged First Altercation,
and in the same breath, conveyed his own doubts as to the veracity of this
version of events: 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

24 March 2021 Transcript at p 20 line 21 to p 21 line 4.

Q Mr Rosli, I think we all understand the gravity of the situation. So the
question I have is that your narrative about Mr Roslan knocking you down, do
you believe that or not?

A I think no. When I recall back, no, I did not fall down. But I felt the
kicking and the pushing at---during the altercation. Maybe that’s what I meant
about what had happened before that, the kicking. In all honesty, I am of
sound mind but I’m not confident. I’m not normal. I’m afraid that my narrative
might be wrong. I cannot ascertain that it’s accurate. I can explain what
happened, but I apologise if it’s not accurate, whatever that I have shared.

[emphasis added]

68 The doubts that the accused harbours for his own evidence are significant:
no one witnessed the Alleged First Altercation, and therefore, the accused is
the only one who could testify on the Alleged First Altercation.

69 To the accused’s credit, he consistently mentioned his back injury to the
doctors and the police shortly after his arrest. There were also photographs
depicting slight red marks just slightly above the accused’s buttock. 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

23 February 2021 Transcript at p 27 lines 12–18; P370; P212.

These photographs were taken by Inspector Shaiful Ali Abdul Rahim (“Inspector
Shaiful”) on 16 August 2017 when the accused said that he had back pain. The
next day, on 17 August 2017 at 11.10am, Dr Kang Jun Hui Larry (“Dr Kang”)
performed a medical examination on the accused and recorded that there was
“midline tenderness” over the accused’s coccygeal region. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

AB 179.

On the stand, Dr Kang explained that the coccygeal region refers to the
tailbone, which is located just above the buttocks. He also explained that
tenderness means that pain was observed when he used his fingers to compress
that area. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

24 February 2021 Transcript at p 4 line 21 to p 5 line 4.

Dr Kang also noted that the accused was unable to stand straight from the pain
during the course of the examination. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

24 February 2021 Transcript at p 6 lines 12–20.

Subsequently, during the accused’s medical examination with Dr Lin Weicong
Kenneth (“Dr Lin”) at Changi General Hospital on 17 August 2017 at 3.47pm, Dr
Lin observed that the accused was able to stand straight during the
examination, 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

24 February 2021 Transcript at p 14 lines 4–5.

but there was “[m]ild tenderness” “over the area to the left of the coccyx”.
Dr Lin explained on the stand that this means that the accused mentioned that
he experienced a little bit of pain when he performed the examination. 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

24 February 2021 Transcript at p 15 lines 3–17; AB 183.

70 I am prepared to accept that the accused had sustained a back injury some
time before he was arrested. Nevertheless, the question remains as to whether
it was the deceased who had inflicted that back injury. In this regard, it is
troubling that the accused was unable to provide a consistent account of what
happened during the Alleged First Altercation. There were at least two
accounts of how the back injury was sustained.

71 The first version is that the deceased had kicked the accused’s lower back.
As mentioned, the accused informed Inspector Shaiful on 16 August 2017 that he
had back pain because he was kicked. He did not mention any other injuries.
140

##### Foot Note 140

×

23 February 2021 Transcript at p 27 lines 30–31.

Neither did he say who kicked him. 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

23 February 2021 Transcript at p 26 lines 1–6.

On 17 August 2017 at 11.10am, during the accused’s medical examination with Dr
Kang, the accused told Dr Kang that he was “kicked in the right lower chest”,
and also “complained of lower back pain after being kicked” the day before,
142

##### Foot Note 142

×

AB at p 179.

but he did not tell Dr Kang who had kicked him. 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

24 February 2021 Transcript at p 3 line 11 to p 4 line 5.

In the accused’s cautioned statement dated 17 August 2017 (the “17 August
Cautioned Statement”), which was taken at about 1.20pm, the accused claimed
that the deceased had kicked his “back part, lower back of [his] body causing
the backbone to misalign”. 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

AB at p 316.

No mention was made as to whether the deceased kicked or punched any other
parts of the accused’s body. Subsequently, during the accused’s medical
examination with Dr Lin at 3.47pm on 17 August 2017, the accused told Dr Lin
that he was kicked on the lower back the previous day. Again, he did not say
who kicked him. 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

24 February 2021 Transcript at p 13 lines 5–15.

72 The second version is as follows. In the accused’s 19 August Statement,
which was taken three days after the Alleged First Altercation, the accused
claimed that the deceased had “kicked and pushed [him] on [his] chest”, and he
“fell near the TV console”. He also said that he sustained some cuts on his
right palm and left leg. His lower back was also injured. 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

AB at 287 at para 2.

At trial, the accused accepted that this contained an accurate description of
the Alleged First Altercation, 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

26 February 2021 Transcript at p 30 line 31 to p 31 line 16.

but went on to elaborate that the deceased pushed his chest with one hand,
before kicking him in the abdomen, causing his back to hit the television
console. 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

26 February 2021 Transcript at p 32 lines 10–32 and p 33 lines 18–19.

There is a slight difference in the accused’s oral testimony in so far as he
claimed that his body hit the television console, whereas he previously
claimed that he “fell near the TV console” in his 19 August Statement.
Nevertheless, I do not find this difference material. I accept that the
accused’s oral testimony was, to a large extent, a further exposition of what
he had previously stated in his 19 August Statement.

73 As reiterated above, the accused was the only person who could testify to
the occurrence of the Alleged First Altercation. Yet, the accused was unable
to present a consistent narrative as to how the deceased inflicted the back
injury. The variability with which the accused described the Alleged First
Altercation, seen alongside the accused’s lack of conviction that the Alleged
First Altercation ever occurred, goes to show that the Alleged First
Altercation did not happen.

74 The Defence submits that there were gaps and inconsistencies in the
accused’s account of how he was assaulted by the deceased because he has poor
comprehension and an unreliable memory. These were compounded by his
Nitrazepam intoxication. 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

DCS at para 32; DRS at para 41.

75 I reject this explanation. Each version of the event put forward by the
accused first emerged within three days from the time the Alleged First
Altercation took place. If, as the Defence’s case puts it, the Alleged First
Altercation formed part of the accused’s mental background when he stabbed the
deceased, it must have been significant enough for the accused to still recall
how his back injury was caused by the deceased in the few days following the
Alleged First Altercation. Dr Kandasami testified that high doses of
Nitrazepam can cause anterograde amnesia and patchy memory. 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

24 February 2021 Transcript at p 89 lines 11–20.

But as elaborated further below at [117], the accused was not under severe
Nitrazepam intoxication. Furthermore, evidence of the accused’s patchy
memories only relate to events which took place after the Attack (see below at
[110(c)] and [115]), whereas the Alleged First Altercation supposedly took
place before the Attack. That the accused has poor comprehension also does not
explain why the accused gave two inconsistent accounts as to how he had
sustained the back injury.

76 There is one further difficulty with the accused’s account of events. The
accused initially testified that the Alleged First Altercation took place
between 1.00am to 2.00am on 16 August 2017, before claiming that it took place
around 3.00am on the same day. 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

25 February 2021 Transcript at p 34 lines 26–32 and p 35 lines 16–19; 26
February 2021 Transcript at p 31 line 31 to p 32 line 9.

However, from 1.00am to 3.00am on 16 August 2017, at least one of these three
persons, Tamamullah, Shaffika and Fauzi, was at the Unit. None of them
witnessed the Alleged First Altercation taking place.

(a) Tamamullah, who arrived at the Unit before 7.00pm on 15 August 2017 and
left the Unit 2.49am on 16 August 2017, 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

18 February 2021 Transcript at p 34 line 15 to p 35 line 32, p 54 line 12 to p
55 lines 10–27, p 57 lines 8–14 and p 60 lines 19–25; P369, photograph 21.

testified that there was no argument or fight. 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

18 February 2021 Transcript at p 44 lines 12–17.

(b) As for Fauzi and Shaffika, their evidence is as follows:

(i) Both testified that around 1.13am, they brought Shaffika’s cat to the
Unit. 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

18 February 2021 Transcript at p 95 lines 1–32; 19 February 2021 Transcript at
p 32 line 9 to p 33 line 7.

(ii) Shaffika testified that she had left the Unit with the accused at about
1.52am to buy tidbits. 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

19 February 2021 Transcript at p 34 lines 17–26.

At approximately 1.56am, Shaffika, the accused and the deceased took the lift
up from the ground floor of the block. 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

19 February 2021 Transcript at p 35 lines 2–32; P369, photograph 14.

Thereafter, Shaffika claimed that she went to Siti Nor Suria binte Yacob’s
(“Suria”) unit, while the deceased and the accused went back to the Unit.
Suria is Fauzi’s sister. Shaffika claimed that Fauzi was with her at Suria’s
house. 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

19 February 2021 Transcript at p 36 line 21 to p 37 line 10.

On the other hand, Fauzi did not testify that he went to Suria’s house. It
appears, from his testimony, that he was at the Unit watching movies on the
television until 2.20am. 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

18 February 2021 Transcript at p 97 line 7 to p 98 line 13.

(iii) Both Fauzi and Shaffika testified that at 2.20am, they took the lift
down with the cat, to place the cat back at Shaffika’s place, before returning
to the Unit at approximately 2.26am. 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

18 February 2021 Transcript at p 98 lines 1–24; 19 February 2021 Transcript at
p 37 line 22 to p 38 line 4.

They remained in the Unit until the Attack took place. They testified that the
accused and the deceased had quarrelled shortly before the Attack, 160

##### Foot Note 160

×

18 February 2021 Transcript at p 102 line 29 to p 105 line 5 and p 107 lines
2–5; 19 February 2021 Transcript at p 41 lines 1–5 and p 43 line 29 to p 44
line 2.

but did not mention that the deceased had assaulted the accused prior to the
Attack.

This discrepancy in the testimonies of Shaffika and Fauzi at [76(b)(ii)] above
are not material. It is still patently clear, from the testimonies of
Tamamullah, Shaffika and Fauzi, that at least one of them was in the Unit
between 1.00am to 3.00am on 16 August 2017, and none of them witnessed the
Alleged First Altercation. In the same vein, the accused’s claim that “[t]here
was nobody” when the Alleged First Altercation took place sits at odds with
the fact that the Alleged First Altercation took place at a time when there
must have at least been one other person in the Unit.

77 In this regard, the accused claimed that even if there was someone in the
Unit at the time of the Alleged First Altercation, that person “might have
been [Tamamullah], who was in the toilet”. 161

##### Foot Note 161

×

25 February 2021 Transcript at p 35 lines 16–24.

In addition, the Defence relies on Tamamullah’s testimony that he was focusing
on playing his guitar while he was inside the Unit. 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

DRS at para 49; 18 February 2021 Transcript at p 59 lines 24–26.

78 I note that Tamamullah would have been the only other person present in the
Unit if Shaffika’s account of events, that Fauzi and her were at Suria’s house
from 1.56am to 2.20am, is to be accepted. However, even if Tamamullah was the
only other person in the Unit and was in the toilet or playing his guitar, he
would have heard the ruckus when the Alleged First Altercation broke out. On
the accused’s account of the Alleged First Altercation, he had quarrelled with
the deceased shortly before and after the Alleged First Altercation. 163

##### Foot Note 163

×

AB at p 287 at para 2; 26 February 2021 Transcript at p 34 line 17 to p 36
line 14.

The accused even alleged that the deceased was “shouting” at the accused
during this quarrel. 164

##### Foot Note 164

×

26 February 2021 Transcript at p 35 line 29 to p 36 line 3.

If the accused’s account of events was true, this commotion would have caught
Tamamullah’s attention. After all, Tamamullah was not completely detached from
his surroundings when he played his guitar: while he did not know what the
accused and the deceased were conversing about, he claimed that the accused
and the deceased could be heard “on and off”. 165

##### Foot Note 165

×

18 February 2021 Transcript at p 59 line 27 to p 60 line 5.

Yet, Tamamullah readily testified that there was no argument or fight. 166

##### Foot Note 166

×

18 February 2021 Transcript at p 44 lines 12–17.

79 The Defence also points to Tamamullah’s testimony that he chatted with
Fauzi at a bench right outside the Unit for two hours, leaving the accused and
the deceased in the Unit alone. 167

##### Foot Note 167

×

DRS at paras 45 and 48.

This is indeed what Tamamullah has testified. 168

##### Foot Note 168

×

18 February 2021 Transcript at p 35 line 29 to p 36 line 16, p 59 lines 9–23
and p 60 lines 28–30.

However, this two-hour period was in the evening of 15 August 2017, when
Tamamullah arrived at the Unit. 169

##### Foot Note 169

×

18 February 2021 Transcript at p 35 line 23 to p 37 line 24.

It did not take place between 1.00am to 3.00am on 16 August 2017. An
additional difficulty is that Fauzi did not testify that he had a two-hour
chat with Tamamullah on the bench outside the Unit in the evening of 15 August
2017. Fauzi’s version of events is that “at sunset time” on 15 August 2017, he
passed by the Unit and saw Tamamullah, the accused and the deceased sitting in
the Unit. The door to the Unit was open and the deceased was sitting at the
doorway. He exchanged pleasantries with the deceased before walking to Suria’s
unit. 170

##### Foot Note 170

×

18 February 2021 Transcript at p 92 line 7 to p 93 line 20.

Even if I disregard Fauzi’s testimony and accept that Tamamullah chatted with
Fauzi for two hours in the evening of 15 August 2017, the fact remains that
this two-hour timeframe did not coincide with when the accused claimed the
Alleged First Altercation took place (ie, 1am to 3am on 16 August 2017).

80 For the foregoing reasons, the Defence has not proven, on a balance of
probabilities, that the Alleged First Altercation took place.

The deceased’s aggressive behaviour, argument between the accused and the
deceased, as well as insults involving the accused’s mother

81 I accept that the deceased had behaved aggressively towards the accused,
shortly before the Attack took place. The accused testified that while he was
sitting beside Fauzi, the deceased was standing and aggressively asking the
accused to pay the rental fee. 171

##### Foot Note 171

×

25 February 2021 Transcript at p 40 lines 4–9.

This is corroborated by Fauzi’s evidence. Fauzi testified that while they were
watching television, the deceased stood before the accused, bent forward, and
repeatedly pestered the accused for money with his hands in front of the
accused’s face. 172

##### Foot Note 172

×

18 February 2021 Transcript at p 98 line 24 to p 100 line 12, p 102 line 29 to
p 103 line 31; 19 February 2021 Transcript at p 16 line 29 to p 17 line 11.

82 According to the accused, he told the deceased that the latter was trying
to cheat him as he had already paid his share of the rental fee. The deceased
then started to curse the accused and his mother, and a quarrel ensued. 173

##### Foot Note 173

×

AB at p 288 at para 6.

I find that there was indeed a quarrel which took place between the accused
and the deceased in the lead up to the Attack. The accused’s evidence in this
regard is corroborated by both Fauzi and Shaffika. 174

##### Foot Note 174

×

18 February 2021 Transcript at p 104 lines 10–31 and p 122 line 23 to p 123
line 1; 19 February 2021 Transcript at p 6 lines 11–23, p 8 lines 18–20, p 41
lines 1–22 and p 43 lines 14–27.

Shaffika, in particular, explained that she knew that the accused and the
deceased were quarrelling due to their voice and tone. 175

##### Foot Note 175

×

19 February 2021 Transcript at p 41 lines 18–22.

83 However, Fauzi and Shaffika could not testify as to whether the deceased
hurled vulgarities at the accused or insulted the accused’s mother. Although
Fauzi and Shaffika heard the accused and the deceased arguing, they were
focusing on the movie playing on the television and did not pay attention to
what the accused and the deceased were saying. 176

##### Foot Note 176

×

19 February 2021 Transcript at p 6 lines 2–8 and p 41 lines 8–22.

They only heard snippets of the argument. For instance, Shaffika only heard
the accused say, “Are you challenging me?” to the deceased in Malay, 177

##### Foot Note 177

×

19 February 2021 Transcript at p 43 lines 14–27.

but did not hear what prompted this response from the accused. 178

##### Foot Note 178

×

19 February 2021 Transcript at p 64 lines 1–14.

As a result, the accused’s account of how the deceased directed vulgarities at
him and insulted his mother is uncorroborated by an independent witness.

84 Nevertheless, on the basis of the evidence of the accused, I am prepared to
accept that the deceased did utter the following vulgarities, insults and
threats:

(a) the deceased verbally threatened to “go [to Rohazlin’s] house to revenge
by hitting her”; 179

##### Foot Note 179

×

AB at p 287 at para 2.

(b) the deceased called the accused a “bloody bastard”; 180

##### Foot Note 180

×

AB at p 287 at para 2; 26 February 2021 Transcript at p 34 lines 17–20.

(c) the deceased threatened to call the CNB on the accused; 181

##### Foot Note 181

×

26 February 2021 Transcript at p 33 lines 1–4.

(d) the deceased repeatedly and verbally threatened to hurt the accused if he
did not pay his (the accused’s) share of the rental fee; 182

##### Foot Note 182

×

AB at p 288 at para 6; 25 February 2021 Transcript at p 41 lines 4–16.

(e) the deceased said, “Your mother’s cunt, you don’t try to interfere my
matters with [Rohazlin]”, twice; 183

##### Foot Note 183

×

AB at p 288 at para 6.

(f) the deceased verbally threatened to hurt the accused if he interfered with
the deceased’s matters with Rohazlin; 184

##### Foot Note 184

×

AB at p 288 at para 6.

(g) the deceased said the Malay phrase “kepala butuh”, which means “dickhead”
in English; 185

##### Foot Note 185

×

26 February 2021 Transcript at p 46 lines 10–30.

and

(h) the deceased told the accused “you talk a lot[,] [y]ou just say only”. 186

##### Foot Note 186

×

26 February 2021 Transcript at p 46 lines 10–25; 23 March 2021 Transcript at p
14 lines 4–5.

In the foregoing list, I have also included utterances which the accused
claimed were made shortly before or after the Alleged First Altercation. 187

##### Foot Note 187

×

AB at p 287 at para 2.

Although I did not find that the Alleged First Altercation took place, I am
prepared to accept that the deceased made those utterances at some point in
time before the Attack.

85 In a bid to undermine the accused’s credibility on this issue, the
Prosecution points out differences in the accused’s accounts of what these
vulgarities were. However, these differences do not constitute
inconsistencies. When the accused’s statements to the police and his testimony
on the stand are understood as a whole, it is clear that the accused was
merely giving examples of the vulgarities that were hurled at him in the lead
up to the Attack. 188

##### Foot Note 188

×

See in particular 24 March 2021 Transcript at p 24 lines 1–5.

86 The Prosecution also argues that the accused gave different accounts on
when the alleged conversation with the deceased took place before he stabbed
the deceased. The inconsistency which the Prosecution highlights relates to
the issue of whether the accused exchanged words with the deceased in the time
between retrieving the Knife from the kitchen and attacking the deceased. 189

##### Foot Note 189

×

PCS at paras 34 and 71.

This is not a material inconsistency. It is clear from both Fauzi’s and
Shaffika’s testimony that the accused and the deceased were quarrelling before
the accused attacked the deceased, and it does not matter whether the
quarrelling continued in the short space of time between retrieving the Knife
from the kitchen and attacking the deceased.

Whether the Subjective Test is fulfilled

87 The Prosecution has five arguments in support of its submission that the
accused did not lose self-control. First, there is nothing to suggest that the
accused launched a haphazard frenzied attack on the deceased. In fact, Dr Lau
characterised the Fatal Stab Wound as a “well-aimed stab wound”. Second, the
accused clearly retained full awareness of the situation: he could recount how
he attacked the deceased, the deceased’s reaction during the assault, as well
as the time taken for significant events. 190

##### Foot Note 190

×

PCS at para 78.

Third, the accused’s post-killing conduct shows that he did not lose self-
control at the time of the offence. Fourth, the Prosecution points to Fauzi’s
testimony that the accused remained “relaxed” despite the deceased “towering”
over the accused while pestering him for money. 191

##### Foot Note 191

×

PRS at para 17.

Finally, the Prosecution contends that the effect of Nitrazepam on the accused
was at best minimal. In this regard, the Prosecution has urged the court to
prefer Dr Kandasami’s evidence to Dr Lee’s evidence. 192

##### Foot Note 192

×

PCS at para 81.

88 On the other hand, the Defence places emphasis on the accused’s testimony
of how he was overcome with emotions when he heard the deceased insulting his
mother. 193

##### Foot Note 193

×

DCS at paras, 83–85, 87 and 89.

Reliance is also placed on the psychiatrists’ findings relating to Nitrazepam
intoxication, sleep deprivation and anti-social personality traits, 194

##### Foot Note 194

×

DCS at paras 82 and 90.

as well as the fact that Shaffika and Fauzi witnessed the deceased insulting
the accused. 195

##### Foot Note 195

×

DCS at para 88.

How the Subjective Test is to be applied

89 Regarding the Subjective Test, the question that arises in the present case
is whether the accused, at the time he inflicted the injury, had experienced a
sudden and temporary loss of self-control as a result of the provocation,
which made him no longer a “master of his mind” (Pathip Selvan at [35] and
[38], citing R v Duffy [1949] 1 All ER 932 at 932). It is not necessary for
the accused’s mind to be completely blank, or for there to be automatism when
the deceased was stabbed; the accused could be aware of what was happening
during the killing, and still establish that he had lost self-control (Pathip
Selvan at [39]).

90 To determine whether the accused was no longer a “master of his mind”, a
close examination of the accused’s mental state during the killing is
necessary to determine why and whether he had lost self-control (Pathip Selvan
at [38]). Regard can be had to the emotional state of the accused at the time
of the stabbing, the relationship the accused had with the deceased and the
way in which the injury was inflicted (see Pathip Selvan at [40]–[41]; Public
Prosecutor v Sundarti Supriyanto [2004] 4 SLR(R) 622 (“Sundarti Supriyanto”)
at [151]). The fact that the accused was intoxicated at the time of the
offence is also a relevant factor for the purposes of the Subjective Test
(Astro bin Jakaria at [119]).

91 Whether post-killing conduct can be taken into account depends on the facts
of each case. The conduct of different individuals after they recover their
composure, partially or completely, after momentarily losing it can vary
infinitely and is contingent upon the existence of incalculable imponderables
(Pathip Selvan at [42]; Sundarti Supriyanto at [153]–[154]).

Application to the facts

(1) How the Fatal Stab Wound was inflicted

92 A person can act in a multitude of ways when he or she loses self-control.
Inflicting entirely random and haphazard injuries all over the deceased’s
body, as the accused in Pathip Selvan did (at [38] and [41]), is just one of
the many ways a person can behave after losing self-control. Accordingly, the
fact that the accused did not launch into a haphazard frenzied attack on the
deceased has little probative value to the inquiry of whether the accused did
in fact lose self-control.

93 It is more helpful to examine the specific injury that was caused and how
it was caused. On the present facts, the accused thrusted the Knife forcefully
into the deceased’s chest. The force was so great that the Knife penetrated
the full thickness of the sternum and perforated the anterior wall of the
right ventricle of his heart. The tremendous force exerted by the accused in
stabbing the deceased is a strong indication of an enraged attack, and is
consistent with the Defence’s case that the accused had lost self-control.

(2) The accused’s awareness of the situation at the time of the offence

94 I accept the Prosecution’s argument that the accused is able to recount the
incident down to the seconds: the accused could recall the time taken for him
to walk from the kitchen to the living room, the duration of the Attack on the
deceased, and the time taken for the deceased to run out of the Unit.

95 However, as the Defence rightly points out, 196

##### Foot Note 196

×

DRS at para 59.

an accused’s ability to remember what he or she did does not preclude the
court from finding that the accused did in fact lose self-control. The accused
can be aware of what was happening during the killing, and still satisfy the
Subjective Test (Pathip Selvan at [39]). Hence, I place little weight on the
accused’s level of awareness in my assessment of whether he had lost self-
control.

(3) The accused’s post-killing conduct

96 Emphasis is placed by the Prosecution on the accused’s post-killing
conduct. 197

##### Foot Note 197

×

PCS at paras 79–80.

I accept that the accused retained the presence of mind to pack his
belongings, clean up the Unit and the Knife after stabbing the deceased, 198

##### Foot Note 198

×

22 March 2021 Transcript at p 19 lines 6–16.

compose an MMS to intimidate the deceased, 199

##### Foot Note 199

×

P 375; 22 March 2021 Transcript at p 20 line 4 to p 22 line 11.

and attempted to coach Tamamullah to lie on his behalf. 200

##### Foot Note 200

×

22 March 2021 Transcript at p 39 line 10 to p 43 line 27.

However, these do not necessarily show that the accused did not lose self-
control at the time of the Attack. As the Defence argues, 201

##### Foot Note 201

×

DRS at para 60.

it is plausible for the accused to have regained his composure after the
Attack. A general submission that the accused’s presence of mind post-killing
meant that he was not deprived of self-control at the material time is not
convincing.

(4) The accused’s composure when the deceased pestered him for money

97 Fauzi testified that the accused appeared relaxed and was not aggressive
when the deceased pestered him to pay his share of the rental fee. 202

##### Foot Note 202

×

18 February 2021 Transcript at p 122 lines 1–9.

However, this does not support the inference that the accused was not deprived
of self-control during the Attack. Between the time when the deceased pestered
the accused to pay his share of the rental fee and the time of the Attack, the
accused and the deceased continued to argue. 203

##### Foot Note 203

×

18 February 2021 Transcript at p 103 line 1 to p 104 line 12; 19 February 2021
Transcript at p 8 lines 1–20.

During this period of time, more vulgarities were probably hurled at the
accused, which would have added to the rage building up within him.

(5) The accused’s anti-social personality traits

98 Dr Kandasami’s Report opines that “[the accused’s] history … suggests that
he has Antisocial Personality traits”. 204

##### Foot Note 204

×

AB at p 173 at para 24.

Dr Kandasami explained that people with antisocial personality traits can
exhibit behaviours that do not conform with social rules. These behaviours can
manifest in the form of sudden increased impulsivity, reckless aggression, and
having a lot of emotional rapid mood swings. They would also exhibit very
impulsive aggressive behaviours that can result in significant harm to others.
205

##### Foot Note 205

×

24 February 2021 Transcript at p 40 line 24 to p 41 line 5.

According to Dr Kandasami, he reached the conclusion that the accused has
antisocial personality traits because the accused has a history of consuming
drugs, took part in impulsive fights in the past, was previously arrested for
housebreaking, and carried a weapon around with him in public places. 206

##### Foot Note 206

×

24 February 2021 Transcript at p 41 lines 8–17; AB at p 171 at paras 14–15.

Dr Kandasami obtained these pieces of information from the accused, as well as
the accused’s case notes at IMH. 207

##### Foot Note 207

×

24 February 2021 Transcript at p 42 lines 4–30.

99 Dr Lee’s Report stated that the accused’s sister observed that the accused
had not been impulsive, nor had he exhibited any violent or aggressive
predilections. It also noted that the accused had been described to be an
even-tempered and easy-going person. 208

##### Foot Note 208

×

AB at p 334 at para 40.

However, during examination-in-chief, Dr Lee conceded that the accused has
impulsive traits, and that these traits constitute one of the reasons for the
significant weakening of his ability to control his anger impulses. 209

##### Foot Note 209

×

24 March 2021 Transcript at p 44 lines 22–27; 25 March 2021 Transcript at p 41
lines 13–26.

(6) The accused’s sleep deprivation

100 The accused testified that he did not get much sleep that night. He
mentioned that he wanted to sleep after taking Nitrazepam pills but he could
not sleep. 210

##### Foot Note 210

×

25 February 2021 Transcript at p 39 lines 21–24; 26 February 2021 Transcript
at p 43 line 31 to p 44 line 6.

Dr Kandasami’s Third Report explained that sleep deprivation can increase
one’s irritability and may be a causal factor in the development of reactive
aggression and violence. 211

##### Foot Note 211

×

AB at p 323 at para 22.

Dr Lee agreed with Dr Kandasami that sleep deprivation is a factor that could
have contributed to the accused’s failure to retain self-control. 212

##### Foot Note 212

×

24 March 2021 Transcript at p 40 lines 18–25.

(7) The accused’s Nitrazepam intoxication

101 I accept the accused’s testimony that he consumed seven Nitrazepam pills
prior to the Attack. 213

##### Foot Note 213

×

26 February 2021 Transcript at p 43 line 31 to p 44 line 6.

Urine samples from the accused were submitted for analysis on 17 August 2017.
In HSA’s report dated 22 August 2017 (the “First HSA Report”), the following
drugs, Nimetazepam, Flunitrazepam and Triazolam, were absent from the
accused’s urine sample. 214

##### Foot Note 214

×

AB at p 160.

After clarification was sought by the police, HSA confirmed on 27 December
2018 that the same urine sample contained Nitrazepam (the “HSA
Clarification”). The presence of Nitrazepam was not reflected in the First HSA
Report initially because it is not a controlled drug. 215

##### Foot Note 215

×

AB at p 160.

The HSA Clarification constitutes objective evidence corroborating the
accused’s account that he had consumed Nitrazepam pills prior to the Attack.
It does not show how much Nitrazepam the accused consumed, but I am prepared
to accept the accused’s testimony that he had consumed seven Nitrazepam pills
prior to the Attack.

102 Expert evidence from Dr Kandasami and Dr Lee was adduced as to the
possible effects of Nitrazepam. I summarise the possible effects:

(a) Nitrazepam has a sedative effect on the consumer. 216

##### Foot Note 216

×

24 March 2021 Transcript at p 34 lines 6–19.

According to Dr Kandasami, Nitrazepam is a “longer acting” sleeping pill, ie,
the drug will stay in the consumer’s blood for many hours and enable that
person to sleep for long hours. 217

##### Foot Note 217

×

24 February 2021 Transcript at p 50 lines 19–28.

(b) Dr Lee testified that Nitrazepam intoxication can result in cognitive and
volitional impairment, and this can contribute to a loss in control. This was
accepted by Dr Kandasami. 218

##### Foot Note 218

×

AB at p 335 at para 46; AB at p 324 at para 25.

(c) Nitrazepam can also induce anterograde amnesia. According to Dr Kandasami,
Nitrazepam can induce anterograde amnesia, which in turn causes a person to
have patchy memories of events. 219

##### Foot Note 219

×

AB at pp 323–324 at para 24.

Dr Lee’s Report similarly mentioned that Benzodiazepines are known to cause
anterograde amnesia, which is characterised by the partial or complete
inability to recall recent events. 220

##### Foot Note 220

×

AB at p 335 at para 47.

In court, Dr Lee explained that anterograde amnesia manifests as gaps in
memories, ie, “the person [would have] no recollection of what happened”. 221

##### Foot Note 221

×

24 March 2021 Transcript at p 43 lines 3–10.

(d) Dr Kandasami gave evidence that there are rare side effects to Nitrazepam
consumption, which include: confusion, paradoxical excitement in behaviour,
irritability, aggressiveness, disturbances in thinking, mood swings,
hallucinations and paranoia. 222

##### Foot Note 222

×

AB at p 176 at para 6.

Dr Kandasami testified that there is no clear explanation as to why these rare
effects manifest. 223

##### Foot Note 223

×

24 February 2021 Transcript at p 53 lines 3–11.

Dr Lee also agreed that Nitrazepam consumption, in rare cases, can result in a
person being “more excited, more aggressive, [and] more agitated”. 224

##### Foot Note 224

×

24 March 2021 Transcript at p 39 lines 4–13.

103 In assessing the effects of Nitrazepam on the accused, I will consider the
following issues in the round: (a) whether the accused was experiencing any of
these effects, (b) to what extent these effects (if any) were operating on the
accused at the time of the Attack, and (c) whether these effects, if any, have
a bearing on the accused’s level of self-control. To the extent that it is
relevant to the determination of these issues, I start by summarising the
evidence of Dr Kandasami and Dr Lee.

(A) Dr Kandasami’s evidence

104 Dr Kandasami’s First Report was prepared after interviewing the accused on
6 September 2017, 13 September 2017 and 22 September 2017 at Changi Prison.
225

##### Foot Note 225

×

AB at p 168 at para 3.

In this report, Dr Kandasami concluded that the accused was “under the
influence of Benzodiazepines according to his subjective reports of taking
Nitrazepam prior to the alleged incident”. 226

##### Foot Note 226

×

AB at p 173 at para 26.

105 Dr Kandasami’s Second Report was prepared after the police sought further
clarifications on the accused’s mental state at the time of the offence. 227

##### Foot Note 227

×

AB at p 175 at para 1.

In this report, Dr Kandasami again concluded that “[the accused] was under the
influence of Nitrazepam [Benzodiazepines] at the time of his alleged offence”,
but “it is not clear as to how soon he assaulted [the deceased] after he had
taken Nitrazepam”. 228

##### Foot Note 228

×

AB at p 176 at para 5.

The conclusion reached in Dr Kandasami’s Second Report was based on the
information supplied by the accused, as well as the fact that there were
Nitrazepam tablets found in the accused’s possession. 229

##### Foot Note 229

×

24 February 2021 Transcript at p 49 lines 18–28.

At the time Dr Kandasami’s Second Report was prepared, the HSA Clarification
had not been issued. On the stand, when Dr Kandasami was asked whether the HSA
Clarification would affect his opinion, Dr Kandasami said that it would not.
230

##### Foot Note 230

×

24 February 2021 Transcript at p 49 line 29 to p 50 line 13.

106 In relation to whether the accused experienced any sedative effect of
Nitrazepam, Dr Kandasami’s Second Report assessed the accused to be “awake and
not sedated as supported by his account that he was watching a movie together
with the [deceased] and they were arguing with each other”. He opined that the
accused “might not have been sedated heavily in view of his long term [sic]
dependence on Benzodiazepines”. 231

##### Foot Note 231

×

AB at p 176 at para 6.

In this regard, Dr Kandasami testified that the accused informed him that he
used Midazolam, a “shorter acting” sleeping pill, for a few years regularly
before he went to prison some time in 2011 or 2012. The accused also informed
Dr Kandasami that he used Nitrazepam “on and off” and would take it one to
three times a month. 232

##### Foot Note 232

×

24 February 2021 Transcript at p 51 line 22 to p 52 line 18.

According to Dr Kandasami, the accused also informed him that Nitrazepam “did
not have any effect on him” even after taking two pills of Nitrazepam, so he
increased his dosage. 233

##### Foot Note 233

×

24 February 2021 Transcript at p 60 line 17 to p 61 line 4.

With these factors in mind, Dr Kandasami opined that the accused had developed
tolerance to the sedation effects of Nitrazepam. 234

##### Foot Note 234

×

24 February 2021 Transcript at p 51 line 22 to p 52 line 18.

107 As for whether the accused experienced any rare side effects (see above at
[102(d)]), Dr Kandasami’s Second Report stated that the accused did not report
experiencing any of the rare side effects of Nitrazepam. 235

##### Foot Note 235

×

AB at p 176 at para 6.

However, in his oral testimony, Dr Kandasami commented that patients may not
subjectively notice that they are experiencing the rare side effects of
Nitrazepam – whether they are experiencing these rare side effects must be
assessed through objective observation. 236

##### Foot Note 236

×

24 February 2021 Transcript at p 53 lines 28–32.

108 Dr Kandasami’s Third Report was prepared after he interviewed the accused
again on 15 October 2019, and with the benefit of Dr Lee’s Report, Fauzi’s and
Shaffika’s witness statements and the accused’s statement. In this report, Dr
Kandasami defined the term “impairment” as referring to a deterioration of an
individual’s judgment and/or physical ability, whereas the term “intoxication”
referred to the condition of having physical and mental control markedly
diminished by the effects of drugs. 237

##### Foot Note 237

×

AB at p 322 at para 18.

He also applied the Diagnostic Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders Fifth
Edition (“DSM-5”) criteria for the purposes of assessing whether the accused
was under Benzodiazepines Intoxication. DSM-5 is applied as follows: 238

##### Foot Note 238

×

AB at p 322 at para 17.

… [T]he development of one or more of these signs or symptoms [slurred speech,
incoordination, unsteady gait, Nystamgmus, impairment in attention or memory,
stupor or coma] either during or shortly after Benzodiazepines use is
sufficient enough for diagnosing Benzodiazepines Intoxication. …

[emphasis in original]

109 Dr Kandasami’s Third Report proceeded on the basis that the accused took
35mgs (seven tablets) of Nitrazepam, over a period of ten to 11 hours, with
most of that dose (25mgs) taken within two to three hours before the alleged
assault on the deceased. The report stated that this is above the average
adult therapeutic dose for insomnia, which is 5–10mgs. 239

##### Foot Note 239

×

AB at p 321 at para 12.

110 I set out a summary of the key points from Dr Kandasami’s Third Report:

(a) The accused was not in a severely intoxicated state at the time of the
alleged incident, even after taking an overdose of Nitrazepam. This was
because: 240

##### Foot Note 240

×

AB at pp 321–322 at paras 12, 14–16 and 19.

(i) The accused did not show signs of heavy sedation. The absence of heavy
sedation might be because he was still experiencing a degree of tolerance to
the drug.

(ii) The accused did not show signs of psychomotor skills slowing down.

(b) However, if the DSM-5 criteria were applied strictly, given the accused’s
patchy memory loss for certain events that took place a few hours after the
Attack, and evidence of his impulsive and aggressive behaviour, “it is
possible that he was under some degree of intoxication or ‘impairment’ with
deterioration in his judgment”. 241

##### Foot Note 241

×

AB at p 322 at paras 17 and 19.

(c) Nitrazepam can induce anterograde amnesia, and this might have caused the
accused’s patchy memories of events which took place a few hours after the
Attack. 242

##### Foot Note 242

×

AB at pp 323–324 at para 24.

(d) It cannot be ruled out that the Nitrazepam contributed to the accused’s
loss of inhibition and paradoxical increased aggression, considering the high
dose of Nitrazepam he consumed a few hours prior to the Attack. 243

##### Foot Note 243

×

AB at p 323 at para 22.

(e) The accused would have had some degree of cognitional and volitional
impairment at the time of the offence. This was contributed, in part, by his
consumption of a high dose of Nitrazepam. Other factors include extensive
provocation by the deceased, the accused’s underlying impulsive personality
traits, and the accused’s sleep deprivation. 244

##### Foot Note 244

×

AB at pp 323–323 at paras 23 and 25.

(B) Dr Lee’s evidence

111 Regarding the effect of Nitrazepam on the accused’s judgment and cognitive
control, Dr Lee’s Report concluded as follows: 245

##### Foot Note 245

×

AB at pp 335–336 at paras 46 and 48.

Based on research on pharmacokinetics of nitrazepam, peak plasma nitrazepam
concentration is achieved at 180 minutes after a dose of 10 milligrams… The
sedative drug effect is highly significant when the plasma levels of
nitrazepam is rising. … [B]ased on the accused’s ingestion of nitrazepam at
12am and 2am, the peak plasma concentration of nitrazepam in his body was
achieved at between 3am and 5am on 16 August 2017. He would be experiencing a
significant level of drug effect due to rising plasma levels of nitrazepam at
and around the time of the alleged offence which occurred at approximately
4.30am. It is highly likely that the effect of nitrazepam had weakened the
elements of self-control he normally used to control his anger reactions. The
nitrazepam intoxication would have resulted in significant cognitive and
volitional impairment at the time of the alleged offence insomuch as he did
not appreciate the consequences of his alleged act and lacked conscious
control of his conduct.

…

[The accused’s] judgment and cognitive control ... would have been
significantly impaired by the intoxicating effects of high doses of nitrazepam
which was consumed in excessive amount within a short span of 4 hours before
the alleged offence.

[emphasis in original removed; emphasis added in bold italics]

Apart from the “excessive amount” of Nitrazepam consumed by the accused prior
to the Attack in a short span of time, Dr Lee also justified his conclusion
that the accused’s cognition was significantly impaired on the basis that the
accused alleged that he had reduced awareness of his environment, and was
feeling “blur” and “dazed”. 246

##### Foot Note 246

×

24 March 2021 Transcript at p 81 lines 3–18; AB at p 331 at para 26.

112 During examination-in-chief, Dr Lee testified that there was “severe”
intoxication because the accused had taken substantially more Nitrazepam than
the recommended dose. 247

##### Foot Note 247

×

24 March 2021 Transcript at p 38 line 26 to p 39 line 3.

However, after the Prosecution brought Dr Lee through objective evidence which
included the accused’s ability to recount the incident down to the second and
the accused’s post-killing conduct, 248

##### Foot Note 248

×

25 March 2021 Transcript at p 66 line 31 to p 67 line 13, p 67 line 25 to p 70
line 7, p 70 line 7 to p 72 line 2 and p 76 lines 1–25.

Dr Lee said: 249

##### Foot Note 249

×

25 March 2021 Transcript at p 77 lines 12–21.

Q Sure. Now, based on what I have told you so far, all these points, would you
like to revise your opinion that at the time of the knife attack, he was under
severe Nitrazepam intoxication and having significant cognitive and volitional
impairment?

A So thank you for giving me the chance. So, Your Honour, I would make a
adjustment to the word “severe”. Maybe I---after having all the information
which I was shown today, I would---I would say at best, maybe the most is
moderate but nonetheless significant enough to cause cognitive impairment to
---to this person, to [the accused]. So I would not use the word “severe”, but
I would say moderate but significant.

[emphasis added]

113 Next, Dr Lee opined that accused was “unlikely” to build up tolerance to
Nitrazepam. 250

##### Foot Note 250

×

25 March 2021 Transcript at p 46 line 30.

He noted that the accused would take Nitrazepam one to three times per month,
two pills each time. 251

##### Foot Note 251

×

25 March 2021 Transcript at p 45 lines 7–15.

He also noted that the accused took Nitrazepam to help him fall asleep, but it
did not work all the time. 252

##### Foot Note 252

×

25 March 2021 Transcript at p 45 lines 15–21.

Nevertheless, his opinion was that the fact that Nitrazepam did not work on
previous occasions does not necessarily mean that the accused had built up a
tolerance to Nitrazepam, as other factors such as a noisy environment,
distractions, worries or anxiety, could have put the accused out of a sleepy
state on those previous occasions. 253

##### Foot Note 253

×

25 March 2021 Transcript at p 46 lines 4–11 and p 49 line 26 to p 50 line 10.

114 On whether it was possible that the accused experienced a paradoxical
reaction of increased excitability and aggression as a result of the
Nitrazepam pills, Dr Lee testified that he could not be certain whether the
accused had experienced this paradoxical reaction: while the accused displayed
disinhibited behaviour in losing control over his impulses, he did not see all
the other features of a paradoxical reaction in the accused. 254

##### Foot Note 254

×

24 March 2021 Transcript at p 39 lines 14–27.

115 Finally, in relation to whether the accused suffered from anterograde
amnesia, Dr Lee observed that the accused had patchy recollections of events
after the Attack, in that he could not remember places he went to and the
things he did. 255

##### Foot Note 255

×

24 March 2021 Transcript at p 41 lines 5–15; AB at p 332 at para 28.

In his report, he opined that it was not unexpected that the accused had
patchy memories after ingesting high doses of Nitrazepam. 256

##### Foot Note 256

×

AB at p 335 at para 47.

(C) The effect of the Nitrazepam pills consumed by the accused

116 On the issue of whether the accused had experienced the rare side effects
of paradoxical excitement in behaviour, irritability and aggressiveness at the
time of the Attack, both Dr Kandasami and Dr Lee entertained the possibility
that this could have happened, but ultimately declined to put forward a firm
view on this matter (see above at [107], [110(d)] and [114]). In these
circumstances, I am unable to find on a balance of probabilities that the
accused experienced this rare side effect during the time of the Attack.

117 The rare side effects of Nitrazepam aside, Nitrazepam can also cause
cognitive and volitional impairment, and thereby contribute to a reduction in
control. Dr Kandasami and Dr Lee both accepted that the accused’s cognition
and volition were impaired as a consequence of his consumption of Nitrazepam.
Their differences arose in relation to the extent of the impairment. Having
considered the evidence and opinions of both Dr Kandasami and Dr Lee, I
gratefully adopt Dr Kandasami’s considered conclusion that the accused was
under some degree of intoxication but was not in a severely intoxicated state
at the time of the Attack (see above at [110(a)] and [110(b)]). Reading this
conclusion alongside Dr Kandasami’s definition of “intoxication” (see above at
[108]), what Dr Kandasami meant was that the accused’s physical and mental
control was diminished, but the reduction in control was not at all severe. I
prefer Dr Kandasmi’s evidence to Dr Lee’s evidence for the following reasons.

118 First, Dr Kandasami considered a range of relevant information in arriving
at his opinion. For instance, he took into account both the accused’s pre-
Attack and post-Attack conduct in reaching the view that the accused did not
display any signs of heavy sedation and might have been experiencing some
degree of tolerance to the sedative effects in the light of the accused’s drug
history. 257

##### Foot Note 257

×

AB at pp 321–322 at paras 15–16.

He then weighed these against the possibility that the accused could have
suffered from anterograde amnesia hours after the Attack, as well as the
accused’s impulsive and aggressive behaviour, before concluding that the
accused was intoxicated to “some degree”. 258

##### Foot Note 258

×

AB at p 322 at para 19.

119 Second, Dr Lee’s opinion, that the accused experienced significant
cognitive and volitional impairment, was rendered without sufficient
substantiation as to why the accused was unlikely to have built up a tolerance
to Nitrazepam, notwithstanding that Nitrazepam did not put him to sleep all
the time. Although Dr Lee gave a number of reasons, such as a noisy
environment, distractions, worries and anxiety that can affect the sleep
induction process, he was unable to testify as to the exact cause of
Nitrazepam being ineffective for the accused.

120 Third, after being furnished with additional information by the
Prosecution, Dr Lee said that he would revise his opinion from “severe” to
“moderate” intoxication, while still maintaining his view that there was
significant cognitive impairment (see above at [112]). No satisfactory
explanation was given as to why the level of intoxication was calibrated
downwards while the degree of impairment to cognition remained the same.

Conclusion on the Subjective Test

121 Summing up the foregoing analysis, there are four factors which
cumulatively point towards the likelihood that the accused was no longer the
“master of his own mind” upon hearing the vulgarities, insults and threats
directed at him by the deceased during their heated argument:

(a) the tremendous force exerted by the accused in stabbing the deceased;

(b) the accused’s anti-social personality traits;

(c) the accused’s irritability due to sleep deprivation; and

(d) the fact that the accused’s mental control was reduced to some degree as a
result of his consumption of Nitrazepam pills.

122 The accused had subjectively understood the deceased to be cursing his
mother. 259

##### Foot Note 259

×

See for example AB at p 288 at para 6; AB at p 292 at para 21.

As the accused had strong feelings for his mother, 260

##### Foot Note 260

×

See for example, 26 February 2021 Transcript at p 7 line 1 to p 8 line 6.

he was enraged by the deceased’s foul language. To aggravate matters, his ego
was also hurt as the vulgarities were hurled at him in the presence of two of
his friends. 261

##### Foot Note 261

×

26 February 2021 Transcript at p 50 lines 29–32.

These, together with the accused’s irritability due to a lack of sleep, anti-
social personality traits, and reduced mental control as a result of
Nitrazepam consumption, displaced the accused as the master of his own mind,
and led him to stab the deceased with such immense force that the Knife
pierced through the full thickness of the sternum.

Whether the Objective Test is fulfilled

How the Objective Test is to be applied

123 Whether the provocation is grave and sudden must be determined by
reference to a reasonable man who is of the same age and sex of the accused,
and who shares the peculiar characteristics (which form the subject of
provocation) as the accused (Astro bin Jakaria at [120]). The question is
whether the provocation was grave enough such that this reasonable man would
have been so provoked as to lose self-control.

124 It is now settled that there are at least two types of characteristics
which the courts can take into account in assessing whether the Objective Test
has been met: (a) characteristics affecting a similarly placed reasonable
man’s level of self-control; and (b) characteristics affecting the gravity of
the provocation (Pathip Selvan at [51]).

125 Courts can take into account the accused’s mental background in assessing
the gravity of the provocation. Events of the preceding days can form this
mental background (Pathip Selvan at [57] and [58]; Public Prosecutor v Kwan
Cin Cheng [1998] 1 SLR(R) 434 (“Kwan Cin Cheng”) at [50]). Such events can
generate enough tension such that the provocative conduct of the deceased
becomes sufficiently grave the moment it occurs (see Sundarti Supriyanto at
[161]).

126 The accused’s personal characteristics, in so far as they affect the
gravity of the provocation, can also be accounted for (Pathip Selvan at [53]).
For instance, where a homosexual man is taunted for his homosexuality, the
issue to be considered is whether a homosexual man having ordinary powers of
self-control might, in comparable circumstances, be provoked to lose his self-
control (see Attorney-General for Jersey v Holley [2005] 2 AC 580 at [11],
cited in Pathip Selvan at [54]). However, individual peculiarities of the
accused which merely affect his power of self-control but not the gravity of
the provocation cannot be taken into account for the purposes of the Objective
Test (Kwan Cin Cheng at [49]).

127 An accused’s mental abnormality is only relevant for the purposes of the
Objective Test if it formed the subject of the provocative conduct. If not,
the accused’s mental abnormality is not a relevant characteristic that the
reasonable man can bear for the purposes of the Objective Test (Pathip Selvan
at [55]). In the case of Pathip Selvan, the court disregarded the fact that
the accused suffered from attention deficit disorder/hyperactivity disorder
which made him more easily provoked and prone to rage outbursts, because this
deficiency had “no apparent nexus whatsoever to the subject matter of the
provocation” (Pathip Selvan at [56]).

128 The reasonable man is also one who is sober. Hence, the accused’s state of
intoxication is irrelevant to the assessment of whether the Objective Test has
been fulfilled (Astro bin Jakaria at [120]). While Astro bin Jakaria concerned
an accused who drank alcohol, this proposition applies equally to the
consumption of drugs, such as Nitrazepam.

129 Before turning to the facts, it is helpful to bear in mind the words of
the Court of Appeal in Pathip Selvan at [34]:

The partial defence recognises that individuals can in limited situations be
emotionally overwhelmed and offend under conditions of extreme fear, sadness,
depression or even jealousy. This is a difficult area of the law that requires
the courts to balance contemporary standards and the societal more of the day
with the need to deter violent conduct emanating from rage. …

Application to the facts

130 The provocation is objectively “sudden”. Immediately after the words “your
mother’s cunt” were uttered, the accused went into the kitchen, picked up the
Knife, walked back into the room and stabbed the deceased. All these happened
in a matter of seconds. Even though there was a brief breathing space between
the provocation and the Attack, it was certainly not lengthy enough to
constitute a cooling-off period that could put an end to the provocation.

131 However, the provocation was not objectively “grave”. Applying the legal
principles set out above, the accused’s anti-social personality traits,
irritability due to sleep deprivation, and reduced mental control as a result
of Nitrazepam are irrelevant considerations for the purposes of the Objective
Test. These are individual peculiarities and abnormalities which merely affect
the accused’s power of self-control, but do not affect the gravity of the
provocative conduct. A reasonable man is also not someone labouring under
Nitrazepam intoxication.

132 What can be taken into account, when undertaking an objective review from
the perspective of a reasonable man, is the accused’s mental background. In
the present case, this mental background would comprise of the deceased’s
aggressive behaviour towards the accused and the other vulgarities and threats
hurled by the deceased before the Attack. The reasonable man would also be
placed in a situation where all these insults and vulgarities were uttered in
the presence of Fauzi and Shaffika. The question to be confronted is whether
the deceased’s insults to the accused’s mother would be sufficiently “grave”
to a reasonable man, in these circumstances.

133 In this regard, I do not think that the deceased’s insults to the
accused’s mother were sufficiently “grave”. The insults to the accused’s
mother were far too common to cause a reasonable man to lose self-control, and
the foregoing circumstances did not indicate that the deceased’s insults
relating to the accused’s mother constituted the “proverbial last straw for
the accused”.

134 The ubiquity of the insults referencing the accused’s mother weighs
against a finding that the provocation was “grave”. How commonly used a foul
language is has to be taken into account in assessing the degree of shock or
anguish a similarly placed reasonable man would feel. This is not to say that
foul language can never amount to grave provocation. It is well-settled that
words can constitute provocation. Moreover, in the case of Pathip Selvan, the
Court of Appeal found that the insult which the deceased directed at the
accused was sufficiently “grave” as it was the “proverbial last straw for the
accused” in the light of the accused’s mental background (Pathip Selvan at
[61]). The same, however, cannot be said of the present facts. I acknowledge
that prior to the Attack, the deceased was behaving aggressively towards the
accused and antagonising the accused by uttering offensive vulgarities and
insults in the presence of their mutual friends. But at its highest, the
present facts merely involved a heated quarrel between friends who had
disagreements over the treatment of a mutual friend, and over the accused’s
payment of his share of the rental. These disagreements were accompanied by
threats to cause harm to the accused and to inform CNB about the activities of
the accused. The prevailing tension between the duo simply did not rise to a
level that would have led a reasonable man to lose self-control when the
deceased uttered insults relating to the accused’s mother. The present facts
do not at all permit, from the viewpoint of an objective reasonable man, a
finding of grave provocation.

135 The accused had described himself to Dr Lee as someone who would flare up
and become enraged when others cheat him or put him down in front of other
people. He also told Dr Lee that he is highly sensitive to unkind remarks or
swear words that were directed at his parents. 262

##### Foot Note 262

×

AB at p 330 at para 18; 25 March 2021 Transcript at p 42 lines 7–11.

The accused’s self-assessment of his own personality may well be true, but the
partial defence of grave and sudden provocation does not afford protection to
an ill-tempered man. As aptly put by Lord Diplock in Director of Public
Prosecutions v Camplin [1978] AC 705 (cited in Pathip Selvan at [51]):

The public policy that underlay the adoption of the ‘reasonable man’ test in
the common law doctrine of provocation was to reduce the incidence of fatal
violence by preventing a person relying upon his own exceptional pugnacity or
excitability as an excuse for loss of self-control.

Conclusion on the defence of grave and sudden provocation

136 Since the Objective Test is not fulfilled, I find that the accused is not
entitled to rely on the partial defence of grave and sudden provocation,
notwithstanding that the Subjective Test is met.

Conclusion

137 All three elements of s 300(c) of the Penal Code have been established
beyond a reasonable doubt. The defence of grave and sudden provocation has not
been established on the balance of probabilities. I therefore convict the
accused on the charge of murder under s 300(c) of the Penal Code.

138 I will hear parties on sentencing.

Dedar Singh Gill  
Judge of the High Court| |   
---|---|---  
  
Yang Ziliang, Andre Chong and Zhou Yang (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the
Prosecution;

Anand Nalachandran (Forte Law LLC), Low Chun Yee (Liu Junyi) (Kalidass Law
Corporation) and Goh Peizhi Adeline (Withers KhattarWong LLP) for the accused.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 09 Nov 2021 (17:22 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

