Case Summary Summary Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments
Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the Singapore International Commercial Court

  

of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC(I) 7

Suit No 6 of 2020

Between

Judah Value Activist Fund  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

Open Faith Investment Limited  
---  
  
… Defendant

judgment

[Contract] — [Breach] — [Causation]

[Contract] — [Remedies] — [Quantum]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Judah Value Activist Fund

  

v

  

Open Faith Investment Ltd

[2021] SGHC(I) 7

Singapore International Commercial Court — Suit No 6 of 2020  
Sir Henry Bernard Eder IJ  
22-25 February, 12 March 2021

2 July 2021 Judgment reserved.

Sir Henry Bernard Eder IJ:

Introduction

1 The plaintiff, Judah Value Activist Fund, is an exempted company
incorporated in the Cayman Islands. It is an activist hedge fund which targets
mainly Singapore and Hong Kong listed companies. Activist hedge funds
typically seek to make a large investment in a company so as to be able to
participate in or influence the management and decision-making of the company
invested in. Activist hedge funds are also different from traditional funds in
that they usually have a less diversified portfolio.

2 The plaintiff’s Chief Investment Officer (“CIO”) is Mr Roland Jude Thng Qida
(“Mr Thng”). His role was to monitor the plaintiff’s portfolio of assets and
liaise with investors. He was the individual in charge of making decisions on
behalf of the plaintiff. Mr Thng is also a shareholder of the plaintiff
(through Judah Group Limited) together with a number of other corporate and
individual investors. The plaintiff is also managed by Swiss-Asia Financial
Services Pte Ltd (“Swiss Asia”) under an investment management agreement. The
fund administrator is the Apex Group (“Apex”).

3 At the relevant time, i.e. end-December 2019, the plaintiff’s portfolio of
shares comprised 157,995,000 shares in Agritrade Resources Limited
(“Agritrade”), a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. Agritrade
International Pte Limited (“APIL”) was the controlling shareholder of
Agritrade, holding approximately 55.7% of the issued shares of Agritrade. In
turn, APIL was owned in proportions of 40.1% by Mr Ng Say Pek, chairman of the
Board and the executive director of APIL, and 59.9% by his son, Mr Ng Xinwei,
(sometimes referred to as “Xman”), the executive director and Chief Executive
Officer of Agritrade.

4 The plaintiff had a margin loan facility (“MLF”) with Maybank Kim Eng
Securities Pte Ltd (“Maybank”) under which, according to the plaintiff, the
plaintiff was required to maintain a Loan-to-Value Ratio (“LTV Ratio”) below
70%. The terms of the MLF were contained in a letter dated 22 November 2018
(the “MLF Letter”) which provided in material part as follows:

We are pleased to inform you that your application for a Margin Facility has
been approved, subject to the terms and conditions governing the Margin
Facility (the “Margin Facility Terms”) and the terms and conditions set out
below … The Margin Facility Terms is available on our website …

1\. Your initial Margin Limit shall be S$ 4,000,000

[…]

5\. A Margin Call occurs if and when the Margin Ratio falls below 140% or the
Margin Limit is exceeded.

6\. We may sell all or any part of the Securities in your Account immediately
without prior notice to you if and when (i) a Margin Call is not satisfied by
taking such actions required by us within 5 days of the occurrence of the
margin call or (ii) the Margin Ratio falls below 130%.

5 During the trial, there was a dispute between the parties concerning what
were, in fact, the relevant and applicable “Margin Facility Terms” stated to
be “available on [Maybank’s] website” as referred to in the letter extracted
above. I was told by the plaintiff’s Counsel that the plaintiff did not have a
copy of those terms. Certainly, none had been disclosed by the plaintiff.
However, the defendant’s expert, Mr Kon Yin Tong (“Mr Kon”), had sourced a
copy of what he considered to be the relevant terms from Maybank’s website (as
referred to in the MLF Letter). He appended those terms to his report and
referred to them extensively in the body of his report. I shall refer to these
as Maybank’s T&Cs. In the course of Mr Kon’s cross-examination, it was
suggested by the plaintiff’s Counsel, for the first time, that these terms
were not, or at least might not be, the relevant terms applicable to the MLF;
such suggestion subsequently developed into a forceful submission by Counsel
on behalf of the plaintiff in the course of closing arguments at the end of
the trial that these terms were inapplicable. Given that Mr Kon’s report had
been served some four weeks before the trial, and further that the parties’
experts had been in communication and produced a Joint Statement (“JS”)
without any suggestion that these terms were or might be inapplicable, that
belated suggestion and subsequent submission by Counsel on behalf of the
plaintiff were, to say the least, somewhat surprising. If those terms were
neither relevant nor applicable, this could and should have been raised much
earlier: trial by ambush is inappropriate in modern commercial litigation.

6 By way of riposte, it was the defendant’s submission that the Court should
draw an adverse inference against the plaintiff that the plaintiff had failed,
refused, or neglected to disclose the Maybank T&Cs because its contractual
provisions are applicable to how the Margin Ratio was to be computed and would
show that Mr Kon’s approach is correct. In support of that submission, I was
referred to illustration (g) of s 116 of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev
Ed.), Evidence and the Litigation Process (Jeffrey Pinsler, 7th ed)
(LexisNexis, 2020), and several guiding principles set out by the Court of
Appeal in Sudha Natrajan v The Bank of East Asia Ltd [2017] 1 SLR 141 (“Sudha
Natrajan”).

7 In my view, Maybank’s T&Cs were plainly highly material to this case. As
appears below, the issue of causation (which is important in this case) turns
on how the Margin Ratio is computed, and the Maybank T&Cs are potentially
critical to that issue because they contain the relevant provisions to compute
the Margin Ratio. I find it surprising that the plaintiff did not have a copy
of the Maybank T&Cs. But, even if that is correct, it seems to me that it
would have been entitled to request a copy from Maybank and, as such, the
Maybank T&Cs would have been within the plaintiff’s “control” and therefore
discoverable in these proceedings. At the very least, it seems to me that it
would have been very easy indeed for the plaintiff to ask Maybank for a copy
of the Maybank T&Cs, and there is no reason to suppose that Maybank would not
have complied with such a request. In my view, it is no answer that the
defendant might itself have requested Maybank to provide a copy of the Maybank
T&Cs, particularly since I was told that they were, in any event, publicly
available on the Maybank website and, as I understand, no objection had been
raised by the plaintiff to the fact that Mr Kon had exhibited a copy of the
Maybank T&Cs to his report and made extensive reference to them in the body of
his report.

8 Be all this as it may, the plaintiff has not pointed to a different set of
terms as it could easily have done if different terms were applicable. In
these circumstances, I accept Mr Kon’s evidence that he had sourced Maybank’s
T&Cs from Maybank’s website as referred to in the MLF Letter and proceed on
the basis that these were the applicable terms.

9 As to the relevant terms of the contractual relationship between the
plaintiff and Maybank, I note the following:

(a) The MLF Letter itself provided on its face that (i) the Margin Ratio must
at all times be maintained at a ratio of at least 140%; (ii) a Margin Call
occurs if and when the Margin Ratio falls below 140% or the Margin Limit is
exceeded; and (iii) Maybank had the right to sell all or any part of the
Securities without prior notice if and when, inter alia, the Margin Ratio fell
below 130%.

(b) Maybank’s T&Cs (as referenced in Mr Kon’s report) provided in material
part as follows:

(i) In Clause 1 (Definitions):

\- “Collateral” means “all the Approved Securities and other Securities that
are or will be provided by way of security to [Maybank] pursuant to the
Security Document”

\- “Collateral’s Security Value” means “the sum of the Security Value of each
Collateral”

\- “Loan-to-Value” means “… the percentage of the Market Value that [Maybank
is] prepared to finance; the percentage determined by [Maybank] from time to
time may vary depending on the type of Approved Securities.”

\- “Security Value” means “… an amount determined using [an Approved
Security’s] Loan-to-Value; and for any other Collateral, an amount as may be
determined by [Maybank]”

\- “Margin Ratio” means “the percentage determined by [Maybank] based on the
following formula:

Collateral’s Security Value

______________________

(Outstanding Amount – cash in Account, if any)”

(ii) In Clause 14.1 (Margin Calls): “A Margin Call occurs if we determine at
any time and on any day that the Margin Raito [sic] has fallen below a certain
ratio prescribed by us.” The remainder of Clause 14 set out what Maybank may
request its counterparty to do in the event of a Margin Call and the
consequences of non-compliance with such a request.

(iii) In Clause 17 (Event of Default), a list of events of default and the
consequences of an event of default, including a right by Maybank to sell
property subject to the security interest, is set out.

(iv) In Clause 27 (Rights and Waivers): “[Maybank has] absolute discretion as
to what we do or do not do under or for the purposes of any Finance Document.
We do not have to give any reasons for doing or not doing something under or
for the purposes of any Finance Document.”

As appears below, the plaintiff’s pleaded case is that Maybank was entitled to
make a margin call when the LTV Ratio exceeded 70%. The LTV Ratio is, of
course, different from the Margin Ratio although the two are related. So far
as relevant, I consider this further below.

10 The defendant is a company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands. It
is in the business of consultancy and investment holdings. The defendant’s
sole director and shareholder is Mr Tay Jing Yi Joseph (“Mr Tay”).

11 Before this dispute, Mr Thng and Mr Tay had known each other for about 3
years. They were friends. They share the same Christian faith, went to the
same church, and had common interests in investment and fund management. They
also periodically met up for coffee. As appears below, they frequently
communicated by WhatsApp.

12 At the relevant time, i.e. at the end of 2019, the defendant had a
portfolio of approximately 160 million Agritrade shares made up of:

(a) 100,005,000 Agritrade shares in its brokerage account with Bluemount
Securities Limited, out of which approximately 80 million Agritrade Shares
were encumbered pursuant to a loan agreement with a company known as Wealthy
Hero Holdings Limited (“Wealthy Hero”);

(b) 50,063,016 Agritrade shares in its brokerage account with Hong Kong Stock
Link Securities Limited (“HKSLS”); and

(c) An anticipated further transfer of 14,705,000 Agritrade shares into its
brokerage account with HKSLS.

13 The present case concerns disputes arising out of a contract consisting of
a Subscription Application Form (“SAF”) and a Private Placement Memorandum
(“PPM”) signed on 11 December 2019 between the plaintiff and the defendant
(hereinafter referred to collectively as the “subscription agreement” or “SA”)
whereby (as is common ground) the defendant agreed to subscribe for a number
of Class B shares in the plaintiff by way of a transfer in specie by the
defendant to the plaintiff of 60 million Agritrade shares (the “Agritrade
Shares”).

14 In essence, it is the plaintiff’s case that (a) pursuant to the SA, the
defendant was obliged to transfer the Agritrade Shares to the plaintiff by
latest 31 December 2019; (b) in breach of that obligation, the defendant
failed to effect such transfer by that date or at all; and (c) as a result,
the plaintiff’s LTV Ratio exceeded 70%, causing a margin trigger event under
the MLF and thereby entitling Maybank to issue a margin call to the plaintiff,
which Maybank did on 20 January 2020 (the “margin call”). Shortly thereafter,
between 20 and 23 January 2020, Maybank force sold the plaintiff’s entire
holding of Agritrade shares in three tranches to clear off the margin loan at
an average price of HK$ 0.1957 per share. It is uncontested that Maybank was
entitled to force sell the said Agritrade shares.

15 The plaintiff says that such forced sale would not have occurred if the
defendant had effected the share transfer on 31 December 2019 as it was
obliged to do under the SA, and that, as a result of the defendant’s breach,
it has suffered a loss of S$ 5,389,734.91 (alternatively US$ 4,466,463.02,
being the value of the Agritrade Shares as of 31 December 2019) which it is
entitled to recover against the defendant together with interest and costs.

16 The defendant does not dispute that it entered into the SA. However, it is
the defendant’s case that the SA did not specify a date when the share
transfer was to be made and, in particular, did not impose any obligation on
the defendant to transfer the Agritrade Shares by 31 December 2019. In further
support of the foregoing, the defendant says that in the weeks leading up to
31 December 2019, there were no reminders sent by the plaintiff that the
defendant had to transfer the Agritrade Shares by 31 December 2019, and,
following that date and with knowledge that the Agritrade Shares had not been
transferred, the plaintiff also did not highlight that the defendant had been
remiss, nor did it seek to enforce the transfer of the Agritrade Shares
without delay.

17 Further, the defendant has raised a number of specific defences which are,
in summary, as follows:

(a) It was an implied term of the SA that the share transfer need not be
effected before the due diligence and subscription application process were
completed, and such process had not yet been completed by 31 December 2019.

(b) The plaintiff was entitled to, and did in fact, exercise its discretion to
change the day upon which the obligation to transfer the Agritrade Shares to
the plaintiff fell due to a date after 31 December 2019.

(c) If (contrary to the defendant’s case) the SA obliged the defendant to
transfer the Agritrade Shares by 31 December 2019, the plaintiff, by its words
and conduct after 31 December 2019, had waived its right to insist on strict
compliance with such deadline; alternatively, the plaintiff is estopped from
insisting on strict compliance with that date.

18 In any event, it is the defendant’s case that any breach of contract on its
part did not cause the loss now claimed by the plaintiff and/or the
plaintiff’s alleged loss was not reasonably foreseeable and too remote. In
very broad summary, the defendant says that the stock market is unpredictable;
that funds (like the plaintiff’s fund) seek to capitalise on such
unpredictability; that they can make a lot of money if they get it right; but
they can also face serious losses if they get it wrong. Here, the defendant
says that the present case is a cautionary tale of the latter scenario, where
the plaintiff essentially “backed the wrong horse” by concentrating its entire
portfolio in Agritrade; that the price of Agritrade shares was on a steady and
inexorable decline between December 2019 and January 2020; that the plaintiff,
with a concentrated portfolio in this single company, was going to bear the
brunt of this decline; that the plaintiff was eventually confronted with a
margin call by its financier, Maybank, when the share price of Agritrade
tanked in early January 2020; that the plaintiff is wrong to pin the blame of
its losses on the defendant; that even if the defendant had transferred its 60
million Agritrade Shares to the plaintiff before 20 January 2020, the
plaintiff would still have been faced with a margin call from Maybank; that
this would in all likelihood have precipitated the same events that unfolded
on 20 to 23 January 2020; and that, in other words, the plaintiff’s loss was
inevitable irrespective of any breach by the defendant.

The Evidence

19 In addition to the documentary material put in evidence, the parties relied
on the evidence contained in the affidavits of evidence-in-chief of the
following individuals, all of whom gave evidence and submitted themselves for
cross-examination:

(a) On behalf of the plaintiff:

(i) Mr Thng. As stated above, he was the plaintiff’s CIO. His role was to
monitor the plaintiff’s portfolio of assets and liaise with investors. He was
an experienced investor.

(ii) Mr Ee Swee Yee (“Mr Ee”, also referred to in the evidence as “Andy”). He
was the plaintiff’s Portfolio Manager from June 2019 to March 2020, which
included the relevant period. He was also Mr Thng’s assistant and worked
closely with him. He was responsible for facilitating investors’ subscriptions
with the plaintiff, including conducting analysis on companies, working
closely with the investors to obtain the required information, and ensuring
that the investors executed the required documentation.

(iii) Ms Ho Seok Hua (“Ms Ho”). She is the General Counsel of Swiss-Asia. Her
duties included Swiss-Asia’s compliance matters, including conducting client
due diligence and know-your-client checks (“CDD”) on the plaintiff’s
investors. Ms Ho was called as a witness and confirmed under oath the contents
of her affidavit of evidence in chief. However, the defendant’s Counsel
elected to forego any cross-examination. Accordingly, Ms Ho’s evidence stands
unchallenged.

(b) On behalf of the defendant: Mr Tay. As stated above, he is the director
and sole shareholder of the defendant. He is also an experienced investor with
numerous business interests and travels frequently between Singapore and Hong
Kong.

20 In addition, the parties adduced in evidence the following expert reports:

(a) On behalf of the plaintiff, the report of Mr Tan Kah Leong (“Mr Tan”),
currently the Head of Business Development & Education at IG Asia Pte Ltd.

(b) On behalf of the defendant, the report of Mr Kon, Managing Partner at Foo
Kon Tan LLP.

21 The main issues addressed by these experts were as follows:

(a) Whether prior to the defendant’s intended subscription, the plaintiff’s
MLF with Maybank already had a high LTV Ratio;

(b) Whether it was the defendant’s failure to transfer the Agritrade Shares by
31 December 2019 or the plaintiff’s own trading activities that caused the
margin call on the plaintiff’s account;

(c) Whether the continuous share price drop from 2019 to January 2020 was the
cause of the plaintiff’s margin call;

(d) Whether the plaintiff’s losses that arose as a result of the margin call
were the type of loss which would ordinarily have been in the contemplation of
the plaintiff and defendant at the time when the SA was entered into;

(e) What was the quantum of the plaintiff’s loss as of 31 December 2019, being
the date that (as asserted by the plaintiff) the defendant was obliged to
transfer the Agritrade Shares;

(f) What was the quantum of the plaintiff’s loss as of 20 January 2020, being
the date of the margin call; and

(g) What was the market practice for a subscriber to transfer its shares to
the Fund pursuant to the subscriber’s execution of a subscription application
form, where payment is to be made wholly in specie.

Pursuant to the Court’s order, the experts held without prejudice conference
calls on 25 and 27 January 2021 and thereafter prepared a JS setting out
points of agreement and disagreement. The Court is grateful to these experts
for their assistance in highlighting the points of agreement and narrowing the
areas of disagreement. Both experts gave oral evidence and were cross-
examined.

The Relevant Facts

22 Before turning to consider the main issues, I set out below a summary of
the relevant facts.

23 As stated above, the plaintiff had an MLF with Maybank under which,
according to the plaintiff, the plaintiff was required to maintain an LTV
Ratio below 70%. It was originally part of the defendant’s case that the
plaintiff had a “high” LTV Ratio in the latter part of 2019 and that the
margin calls made by Maybank were simply due to the plaintiff’s own trading
activities.

24 As appears from the chart below, there is no doubt that the market value of
Agritrade shares fell in the course of 2019 from a high of approximately HK$
1.70 per share in February 2019 to a low of approximately HK$ 0.55 per share
in early December 2019 before a moderate pick up in the course of December
2019 and early January 2020, followed by a very steep fall thereafter.

![Chart, line chart

Description automatically generated](data:image/Png;base64,
iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAA6oAAAGTCAYAAAAhlu9SAAAAAXNSR0IArs4c6QAAAARnQU1BAACxjwv8YQUAAAAJcEhZcwAAFxEAABcRAcom8z8AAOVWSURBVHhe7L0FmFVZlqbd84/1aI+2TU1XV/d0dVVXd1UakJmkuwuVRiaZuARugTsk7u6SuGvihLu7u7sLEAHrP9+Ku8lL5AUiggi4Ad/7PCvinn3OPff42d9ea6/9JxZxf/qnfyr/4T/8BxqNRqPRaDQajUaj0R6qWRo17U8gUpOSkqSkpIRGo9FoNBqNRqPRaLSHZsnJyU1iFX+qqqqEEEIIIYQQQgh5mNTU1Mh//I//sUmoQrkSQgghhBBCCCEPk9LSUgpVQgghhBBCCCHOA4UqIYQQQgghhBCngkKVEEIIIYQQQohTQaFKCCGEEEIIIcSpoFAlhBBCCCGEEOJUUKgSQgghhBBCCHEqKFQJIYQQQgghhDgVFKrEabhx44bcvHnTNtV2sB5noD32paN5GMeq+W86y/lqTntdjw8KZz2ObaWj9seZrzdnAtd+Z7r+HzWaXw+P2v1NCCEtgUKVPDTsK0GJiYny//7f/xNXV1dbSdvYtGmT/O3f/q0cOnTIVtJ+mIpbSypvkZGR8o//+I/i4uJiK3E+jh49qsf8yJEjtpKfsN9Xe7tfkpOT9TfHjh2r0+vXr9fzhW1pL7CdjY2NtqmfgwrfvSp9CQkJup2TJk2ylTgvERER8uKLL8r/+B//Q6//u9Ee5zA/P1+6dOki7733ntTX19tK25fjx4/r8b/f+7j5/q5evVrX6+XlZSt5+DQ0NMjs2bPlr//6r+Wpp57Sl/LDBvfHRx99JC+88IJUVVXZSu+P9nqGtJaW/OadlrnXNpv5ze1+SUpK0ut0woQJOr1mzRp9TuK+6Ajac9sfJnfb/pbu36NwHAz32pd7zbuf+YS0FxSq5IGSk5MjEydOlL/5m7/RivU333wjaWlpWtn+kz/5E/nss89sS7YNvNixHrzY25OpU6fKP/zDP8if//mfy//8n/9TK3F3q+xeuXJFt+Odd96xlTgfOEbYxpUrV9pKmpg+fbqem//1v/6XVpb+7u/+Tqdhu3fvti3VNkJDQ/U3P/jgA52GYMX0xo0bdbo9KC8vl2effVYNn+2ZNWuW7k9ISIitxDF+fn66XV999ZWtxDlBReH111+/dUz37t1rm3M7dXV18sYbb+i+36/4RmPDv/pX/0qvjerqarXt27frMWsvNmzYoPu0bNkyW0nLqaiokHnz5skvf/lLvWZfeukl8fb21nnmenPUOPOw8PDw0G3C8ezfv7/k5eXZ5jw4AgIC9BxWVlbqNMQzrpX//J//sxQWFmpZW0lNTZWnn35ahRbOB/ZzypQpP7s3W4Obm5v88MMPd2wouX79uqxbt07+8Ic/6PP6t7/9rSxatEj3y1BTUyMLFiyQX/3qV7pdr7zyijbCmHl4Vvyf//N/9DnYr18/ve7twTsB3zPPSbMe2L59+2xLtQ08n3BNfPLJJzo9evRond68ebNOtxdoIP79739/6338v//3/9Z3sru7u22JjgfXAa69wMBAW0nrQP1h0KBB8ld/9Vfyl3/5l/LWW2/dut/Bnj17bjXk/eIXv5ARI0ZIbm6ube7tYFuee+45effdd2+7VjobZ8+e1fcC9hnPQTSYFxcX2+Y2NcT27NlT5//93/+93gfmXsKz4OOPP9b75v/+3/+r10N6errOAzh2Q4YM0esejWtwLlA7kI6EQpU8MPCw+93vfqcvXLw4IErxsIMYiI6O1nI8FO8HtP7j5YuKSnuCSj6277XXXlORis//9b/+V4mKirItcTvwSGA77qcy1tHs2rVL9wMVOnsgRnFu3n//fZ3/p3/6pzoNQwXxfoCnAOv84x//qNMdcb5w7M35OnXqlK1UpLa2Vl+8/+2//TcpKyuzlToGlSZ8v3fv3rYS5wMiFQIUggIi4G6cOXNG9weG/S8qKrLNaRsQHwUFBfo5KChI12saH9oDVC6xTnhAWwPOPUQFvgtvIK5ZNDAZD/7kyZN13sWLF3XaGdixY4duEyrrD4vPP/9ctwGVVIBKOp7Vf/EXf3HfXnNfX19d93//7/9dzwciTTCN89RWunfvrutISUmxldwOxDXEIxoKzfMahggOcO3aNRWBKHv++ed1u7DO8PBwnW8aNDDv7bff1s//8i//oo0yBjw/8T3znEQdCtMwND7cD3gmYp1ffPGFTpvnZHuLJ5xv/A7OM7YbAg3TsPuJzmiNpw0Nvvg9XINtYevWrdqggO1/4okndF1oUM7KytL5iP7AucV8PCcx/9tvv9V5zYGY+y//5b9oowOukc4Krvtu3brpPv/Zn/2Z7rO539AY9etf/1rLPv30U23Ewedp06bp/MGDB8s///M/63chRDEP71O8o/F8NQ2jiKjp2rWrfoboxTxCOgIKVfLAQKsnHmomnAlkZ2fLsWPHbgkDe6H6448/yquvvqqtvKg0QVCZFzVa9QYOHKgvJLxUUGkAaGVH671pUUUlY/jw4fpdtLjiAYxlDGhZRAUbv4GWxd/85jf6sm4eOoqHMrYvLi5Op0eNGqXTq1atktjYWK3ErF27VgU4KkBYL7YDnh0DWsOxfvzWd999dyukDiICIX8oR2uwp6enljfHeAnQAo5l4S0w+4KKAfYDLxlUMPDixgto27ZtOh9ANGM+5kFwo1UU+9BcqBquXr2qLa540Ruw/9hXCAicG7wQIV4//PBD3SasG5U8+/DF5cuXa6suKqjw5sEbh5cgQCUdx8nf31+n8UKE9wDrR+s49tXeO4FjjfNjzhfWiYpo85fk/v37dd8GDBhgK2nywqBs2LBhOo2W+KFDh2olDb+FVmeUAVOB69Onj04vWbJEz51pmIBQwzS8KgAeYZxD/C6uAewv5iEEHJUBHBdc2/YCEftsrm94f3EfOAK/2atXL10OFYfx48frsxqVZvzmv/7X/1r+zb/5N7of58+ft33rdsw2YH+xX809PmiBx7pwP+GYopI/Z84cvWZw/r///nutSD755JPqWXrzzTdlzJgxEhYWpvcV1vnv/t2/022E1xwhuzivuBYhFNHqjvBurAvL4NrE/WLuZ3hBcfyxjfBs4TPWaS9UUSHFOcf3UTHCtdAcVMKwD3ipwSsGcN+Y426E6owZM3Qf4EnC8wG/D3C+0HCG38B+4fpBFAjAvjzzzDP6H9uBdQF4v7AufAf7d/DgQS0HOMe4pjEPogfrtwfCCQ1e2Cb8x2/j2sO9jYgHXEt4JgBsB+4NnGcYKp4QLwCNBtg2hBAjIgLX88svv6yNCBDAuG5wL504cUKXtwf7/+///b/XbUAjBsQRnifYBnwP3hZcD82fJziuK1as0MYf7B+2x5FwNPcSvDQAXkuIVhgaruC5hIDAOvBcsvfm4fmA38U83AM4T3h2/tt/+291nXg+4TnWHFxX9p5g8+4xAgXHAdPmWWDAcx/HEucCzzkDnq1Y/ty5c7aSn4CQx3HDPWyIiYm59ZzE9YxnFp4/5l2D63zcuHG3PScRPWD/nMTvmYgOHHfcT6YhAWIB9x/eP7gWcK4OHDig8wB+H89m/JZ5TuL4NxeQwcHB+jvmOQfw/vlP/+k/6fnBucIxx7biXsG9hesR1zEEJq4LRD8Y8I7D/Y7txDsa5wrbAGHkKIoBURg4h9gGXINY1rwLMA/vUpThHT937txb70x7cM+bcjwXce1jfaYxyv468PHx0XkQWI7A93E8/+mf/kmvBawb9xMaA7EduKcuX76sy+KZgnsO73jcd/gevLHmd/F8hkD++uuvdRrgnsZ7A89IgGcJxDXWjboJnnEAIhl1l5EjR+p5xjnEfYrzeOHCBV0GIDoNZXgf2WO/z7h2sM/YJ4DnMKYR1QBQB8P1jnsdxxHHwDyXsa9YFtc3GkVNRJS5LvEMwPnG+8fe60pIe0KhSh4IeODjZQPvnGnptMeEOhmhah6meFniZWVaQlFhBl9++aVOo/KCFydatQFeKig3fR7xgsE0HsKoJPx//9//py9EPNhRwcDLARVs/AZaUrEsKi/NhY8RqqZyjBcTpiHyzMsehoo8BAoqW5jG9gETZosXDn4LIUio1EEgQLihQoqwP7zEcIyMILYHL0ZUZLCvWBbHE+s0Lz18F9N4UWNf8fKAiEGlBRhPEwQJKk/4DDNehuaYCiX2yRwPVGLM91DxxYsS3lEcR2yTaW01rbM7d+7UaWwTKkqmQgyhAUyo9unTp3UalSFMoyJn79HNzMxUjyheypjGMURlCvPRaNC8AobrDb+JyoPxakPgYXlUsCBiTKsyKnSoIOMzKpd4IUOAYdpU4HBNYNpUonAdYBrXIUBlG9M4lzgGOL+Yxv6iUmRa+k3FGA0zCKvEMcRxQ+s35jf3WEOIoHKIeTh+qAzjM44NKhWopGM9OBaY7yh8DtcNrm2cf+PRNqIBQAjjJYBjbyrkmEYjCCqbuIZQhgoJGodwvWE/UQnD+ozHCecM5wXbjHBylMFwbOfPn68VbYg27C8qTZhnKl1YL6ZxnCDezXchZgHCNjGN7cP3UbHDvdA8YgEVPHMusWxz4Y57E/OwTxCX5rmChggAgYBnBo6V8cQZcYOKMqax7/iNLVu26L2FShwa0rBdEKNYBucRFVWcOwg5rAPn2r7hCkAw4bjgO9h3NA6gootpGO49iHy8qM1yOIZ45uEzthXRARBXeIejDM8Ycwxx/eEeMPcSrgPTGGOA2ME2Yj4q4ni24X7HdYt9RdSLeZ7g+YnoF4Dtwndw/2PfcR1ie9HAZU9zoYpzhOOC+xN9LvEZlXkcc6wDzxzcg+YZiusMzwvsF54/ixcvvnVP4ByiIexemPeFOf5m2/H7J0+e1GvdiGzTbQP7ZMB7B2X2Qt2AUG14rSBaDGbbYRCRuK569Ohx63431ygaTIARE2gcwXHCOwnT5v1hnl1ovAXm+WL/nMQ9i3crnpN4tuF6wP2oFTxrPgTPnYSqeR4bzP2I38O7Gdc4rmE8D3FNQaCiHA0GRgABCDV8D9cY9gPzEZWC6xENXc1/H/cPrjl8B9cgthfPFGwXnvP4PsrwXMYyffv2vavnDmIJ24rvmXcojge6RKAxG/cOjjEahx1hL1QB3gNYH4QZzhsEHQz3I56r5p7D8TDPQVzXeP/gHYNjhfetwTSU4fqAGMQ1jfcP1o11YB7uFxwnPN8wje3F/YHrHNMmGgm/gXvT/N6dQGMSvofGZGAa2c07F+Daxf0N0WoP7g8si+sW4HmMafuuVSYaA41ihHQEFKrkgQBhiMohKsOohDTHCFW0wAK82PCyNh4IVJjxAkHFEi8AeC5QObdvvQRGMKDyAYzwMyFdaEXEfHzPVNpNPzhTGW5ekQOmMoDKKlqQUeFDJQ4vQxP6CLFpXqIQNCiDBxMvHbxo8VLByw3gPyp0eJnjBQGxCNFqQs5QGXMEKiLwFmNZVBqwLLx4AC8THDPT6o5KL+bDU4fjgxcsXn7m+KOFFvPv5FF1JFTtW6RNaBTEAgQStgkvMhwXE7KGlzCWx/cAKgyYNvMhaDGN7wK8uFFZNeLaVNAQSocyfDZeNiMcmr9cDajU2K8bFUasH+cDFVPMMxVFgAoVynBtwCOOz0aoopKHaSME4+Pjddpcr6YiazysqOBhGg0CANcvKk+oyAF4KDAf5wjbt3DhQp2G58cecz1DFBlMhchc06hUoZJzJ+A9xfImHBEVQ2yLqZibioxZHyr/EKUgIyNDl8V9Z65dHG9cZxBlAB5WfN8+GgLCD2X2HiscA1wH2F94CjAf9xIqkqjoo/Jt7mMzH55qnC80UECc4FrH903lyD6024BzZ98Qg4YDI67M/Y9rB5gGCePhh/jHswgCF9cInjFoRABmn1DRMxjPFxrIsF14lmAaHmHcq/iMPrLG82n2zx5TGTT9i43nH6HL5r6Dhxpl8Kga0NcOZfDgYr24b3CejJcOlU/Mh/ACpqHKeITsMcIE1zVAJRr3Cyra5po3z5PDhw/rswvnA78HTxn23VyXCPW1B88jPBMgxHfv3q2CB8tBuOF38BzGtYl14BmKeRAcJvwb9x7EOJY1YcjmedySOgvOJZbFtpo+qCaaBCIE/2Hw7OHYXLp0SafthSqezyiz9/AbHAlVE86KhiXjncI+mOck1oP5xjMFAYVp08/b7LsRkOa6NQ0vaKTEO8g0nJrnE34XDU/4bJ7rM2fO1GkTGWDPnYSqaWiChxT3H64LnCMIPLx70WCB9ZlnLOZjGuUQlthn44U0z35H1z7AOx7rGGAX/WLWa4Q5rjdcP3hXOno/G8w1jvcothuY97MxvLtwjBxhL1SxD7j/7K9P0wCE7+O9h3OAOo3xYOK9Zubj/YhrCg0tBnMuzD2JZ6l5n5t70ESH4V2FerlpiDb1CLzH8cw0zwn7CLXmoIEXz1XUvcy1Zd5z9tEVeOajzDynAM6XaWA1USLmGWB/H6COg7LmjayEtBcUquSBYF7mED6OrjMjVI0wwIsYIV/24GGKixWth3jQmxZHLGeEqfF0mmm8LLGcqeCYCgdegAhpwkMcFUlU5vECQ8XUUTIT+35OMHhQzAvFvDDQSm8wQhWhlhDW2G5T4TUgtAheElTi7NcNa+55AajooGLTfFkjVHEc0PpqKgSm7xuOBSp++GzvSUOlEWVtEar2AgQvLfsKH8x4oXCc8LI222REDSqpoLlQRas6RBdCioCpMMHzhv1H6zEqCzhfaKnGS9s+zMketBjju6jcQ5ThsxGmRmA0T7qBMvw3jRjNhSoqdsCszwhVnC9Mm5c/KgWYNsIV1zy2FecbQBhhfnOzrxwDtKSj3IhKgFBMlKFCDSDicJ07ynSMyg0EBCqQaAXHcTOVfONJx72ExhxUlOABR+ULggGY6wYRBQYjVE0FzISD2fcxM6LOVHBwD5jwS3tDqBsqU/gMr53BiGsIdIhHVB7tv2cMoskRqGSiwcFEQsDjjzITcWEq/EZMmm1H+CSuMbN+GJ4PAI1HmLYP0XZ0P8JwXeB84FxB6KMMz5DmCXmAuQ9Nohzj0UNjhgEeaZTZh55CpKMM5xX3F84J7g0DzjueuSYs0ogde0+KAduLecYrgmOFyjqORfPnCYQ1jhuEMaabW/MKK4Qqrj/7ZXDc0HAB0WHEqTFci6jo43dNgwTK0EBg9sV4lJuHPDYHwg33HY6DEUzAVK7h4UJjBUIwMY37EqIEn3E/GJYuXaplWK45dxOqaEwwwHON5VBuzPSBN+HNuE+Aef6YBr3mQhWeVHhNcZ6A8bbhmWDEFhpocB9BbOB3TUOTPXcSqub30ECCxioT8WEMxxT7bZ6x2DdzfZjwVdwneB+hDO8Q87xqDp7BWMa8MwDuOVxfJiQfmMYFnC9HmG3Gc8S+MRzvfohhJGyEUMS1iAgrR+95e6GKZyf23Xh8jeF+xrogVNGQY3/PmYZmzDdC1TxLgXlPmKge02hjb6ZegXch6kGmQRiYhks8B0xUANblCOwf3pFYxj5qyjyHzXMA+4lnOY6LCd/FvWcamU0XB2Aa802kC4DXH2VGCBPS3lCokgcChIcJi8PLsznNhSpe3PBAmhc3QBleIublhXVChOGBjhcGrl/jmTJCFa2SmG++gxcq5uMhjXWjcqE3gFUGQeto24Cp3KMijxclWjQNpmIJL5DBXqjipYkXOyoW9qAiixZS/D6WR4UdL0Z4hCDKmmO8kThGWM689IxQxcsVx8dk90PFF/NxLPDSwmdUXgzG+9MWoWoqcTjmqCCj4gTvMrwpeOGZkFgIM+y72R94FPB948FqLlTROg3RZSrHRvCggoZKKrw85nzhJW7fH7A5OOeoKEHI4TygQcBUxE2Dhv35Nq3FaMRo7lE14VLGG2UqeKaiac6F6SdmKqrwCAOIaQhAU5mFUMd8CFucdxhas5uLbngZsJy9oDYt72Zf7iZUIYzM8WpupoIFbyPOM8QAyuExMV4007Bg+kmC5kLVHAv7vlhG1JlKFxoaMI3wM+wrrjlM4xpF2CrOjfE+A9NAAaGK+xTHDvcPKvD4PipUuN7s78M7gWsG68I1aM6xaVCA0MG0qajjmsK7EPuPawDPINPAZPbJ/poxHhQIZvvzaDx3AC9Z8137fTTcSajaixxzPOyzY5tnGRpWcL/gGWhfKYaXDveeESgmzN5R2CO84ZhnPHQQQGhkgte0+fMExw4iE5/RuIdjiP2G6MQxM42CBhP6i+sFz057sW4fQYJziucGrgW8DwxYp9k+PN+B8UA6El8GiF0IbTz/jUfdYH4XxxrgGY37BM9H0whlf82be85E8NhzN6EKQQxwDCFwsC3wPuI5iv00150RkyaU3Rwz43FtLlTRwIoGPfN+NAIC24fnJKJrzH2PZ8OdGnSaP8cA7hNEVOA5jnvTZByGOME5hhDEPJx3XHd4xqIhCKIIwgzXhgHXAp7REOH216I9pjsJvKEGHHt4T+0b6CCccMzwDGiOub9MqLTBeFXtgUjFss09/wDXPa4ZRGIB835CQxGuT6wf2wDhi3OFZ6b9PWeiHDAfAhPPVdRbDGY+7gOcK3zGNYD7x7zrzDMT70LUSUzjDMA1jecTfhPzcI82v98AziHuNzynm9dpzLEyzxJsJ84hrimsC9OmgQjL2oPrCOX2Xlw8A3Bto/GKkI6AQpU8MCCo8JDDtYZwQ7TWooIPr5MJzzHhgyb0D0IBy5mWR+O1RKsgWm7x4saDEvPwUjVC1VREUfGEiDIVAFPhQ+suKi8IicFDGX0t0eqIdTjCtC46as01CQcQSmswHjUIDWA8aFgG+4PWYbz0TZ85eCgh1tC3FhV+vJCaY/rtwvsBbwoqB5g2QhUvV1QITGXAeAnwexCaZnkcIxwHVP4xfTehisoTKvpGqJrWb+P5w3HFevDSxPab0CsjVI3Aw3nECxMvVvv5pgJmQrzwskSInnk5m5cqvBzw3BkRjPOFsNE7eVMNZntgqAwaD4SpSKKyB3GJ69GEpsNjj/OM+cZjakQ9KmkQFhCHmDaVKxOGbCoFpvJlvGLYTnjrIfqBvQcHxw37j2PUPCwTlTwsB7GE82iEFirFCIfD/qBSiePvSKgaMYMKF44fDPeaCelCpc8MBYNKFI4rfsc0FBjPDoSBARUSHCsTxmzCoFEhQ7gsrj8TToyGHWCOB4Qq9tf0tUXlF9eWEZOoEMJDj0otpo0nwGQjxfMC30dlDpXr5hVfVCYRNWCeL6YCj+OHSqu534xX1IgScz1iH3Ce4DU0ws4IcrMu+yGA8AxCGbyl2C4Y7g30QcOxQ8UWwhDnEdcujntzTBi6qTia54l91AKuR3wfzzIIU9yzeI7ifsd9iuOAyqLZVoB+kPBKmWNkwugdeVSNlwXXKzyiuK7Q8GXfXcFcs7hfcM7QoIFpePOw35gPQWffuAhMo529V95g7n80HOGcomKP/cSxw+8gkgHrNtc9lgcmwgUeJvtGHAPEI+4LLIPjiHOA6wHrwrbjfsM8c1+ZUFPcx/b7hnOO84LPuOcd9QXEb+EZaN8X0VzvpkEPwgHnAu8jbAPudcw3QhXbiGlsB64vHHtMm/ehiQAxHnWILfsGPfPew3MN4hPHEOvG/Yztb36fGMx7F43IOA7wihovnElSZYQqjgWud+wHGkVMH1Aj+mFmf3GcsC+4tvGOxn2F+fYi1mAiMiCusTzqoSanA64ZbJfpKoF727yLDKZegWsV2497G99BVxEIQDQK4tpEmWlwwPPS/l2Phl8cK3McEXYPzHMdkRh47uM3MG2Eqn2DHTDnEfcrnjfmfYf3mPGGwtAQY95BePbg+sS7AdNGqOJdiIYNe6EKTJQIDJ7+5kBomvoGBD/qChCYCNHHdYi6BebhGOBaMwn2cI0B46nF9uBY4ns4dgjtxvnDsxnPSFwLZp/we83PCyHtBYUqeaCgUmOSBsDQOonQEpOcxrQg48LEi9YsB0PF1HhQkMXUlKOyBuEFjGfLeFTxMEblzrzQ7T2qeJmi4mDWA8OLCC+15pj+V8aLZY/xgNgLVdNSbTxy8CKYyjkM24UHP/bHhM4Yg+C07ytiwPaiom+WMy9/vEABPE7YfryMgPGAmPmoAOPFhzLc9Oal7ajfFUAFDMvhZWteQsajah+iClGAigvKsX5U2kyIMbxvCOPCPBgaHNBibeYjFBflqLwBtOxCqJrzbIQqKjvYL7P9xnDu7zash2m1hkEE2QORBI+RmQ/vNiqYwHj4TQs9KnqovJhlUY5tNV5EU6ExngszJIfpUwihimesSUqBygTmoaJj1ol9a17phvhEZcA+zBIVI9OHF8cJ1zAqrc0rChAbuOZwbpr3TzN9atGKjzA14001hvXhGoYIwrS9Jx7XBYQq1g3wuyZEGYZKnBG/ptKF/bUPczOJv/D7AOII9wTKcJzMtYlrC+D+MV40YxBi5lo34DgbEW4M3zOValRGUWbEmvGo4nkCII5MGDuuLRhECzBC1d5DgagOVOzsjx+eN2iownFCZdOU4/py1I/LJBwzIZPmeWIvVAHmG28QDMfQeNhwn+FZairYAPuNc28ac0wF1JFHFde9Ca9GowDA88XR8wRiAqBPs0meYwzH8U4eVUSlNAeC1DRSwPAMM0IVYtKETcMgTs11jEY7c55MY5I9RoA1NzzPcC/jmkVDhFk/jh0ancxzByLCNOzB8NmRIAaovOP8m3sbGBFihBtAY5e539Eghuekue4gqOxDoLFPOB8mcY7x7JnzjXm4R02Iq7k20QCLd6f9dQfDdQwR1xzTIGdvuH7RoIN7FqBB17xrcJzw/sZ1ZZ5BaESE9xPzTQMxtgvPDPt12veztwe/YyJMYBCuuK/wPsVzxpSjkRDXeXOMkG5uaHxBo4n9dsAgypt7U1H3NdchvMLmHsHzwQh3mGmgxLWPiB1cq/b3nMn7YOoJaPBC4wvKcAxMiD0asrCPOL+YhpljbBJ2YXmYqbsYTOMYrrnmkQIA24Xry6zX3kwEAd6r2E9TjnqXEcTN72lj5vmE+9/+PYwuWSZkmJCOgEKVPHAguBBaB8OLAOChjYd780QJeBliOZPkwwBvEirYmGffSotKGdZjQn3ReoiHuQkBQiXFzDehNnhoo3JtKozG62UPKsr4nqMwG7xIMM/+JYrlUIaWWoMpwzY3r2Bj/1COFyD27U5AuGAd2He8hPFSN6F5OFbYX7OvuJ+xrP19jVZk/I6p8EGQmYpsc3BOsH5TIQH4zeb7BRCeh/WilRmVTHuhbfbbhBViWRP+Z86X8VTgPNj/nv18I67Q2IHlTKZMeNTvBCqkOKZYR/MXPoAQw3Zjvv25xTlAmf0LGJVYlGH7AfbHXL9Yj9lOgIoapk04FEQjtsMIJgO+j9/HeWjecm4PjjeWw/mwF6T4jHPefL0A1wqWN8fdHvwWtg8VZCQ/wXGEeMNxNZ5EeDGwfmwbzqkB68W+mOMAsH9YH65LYO4zvGDswfZgfbiOsA6IOQO+c69rE9uHZXCNOArrAzj2WDeWa16Rw7MC22WuBVSS8Tv24ah4BuG72B4cH7MOcy02v3cBrhN8B+LePHsA7j2Uw4wIag7uX/v1mueJo1A6c4xg9p5L3KvNzxO8xSjDuQFm38012hz8HuYbT1NLnifmusb2NH9GG8x90/zZbjDXIrYdxw7H0OybOa7YjuZg/zDPfnsMuH8hwrBec7zMeszxAPhNlNsfNwO2wXzPCEJHmOek/X1mnpO4fuwxz/mWPCexrAl9xTnBPPOMwH1g/3vm2sR802iGxlssB4GIadOwZE/z44Rj7+j6xvZiPrYHn3FdmWOCexxiDI0amGfAfKwb32t+HzcH9yG2AefHPjLEnB/sx50wx8bsgzH7+8e8n7Ae+/Nvj6mXNL9Ozf2Ic4VlcIxwTePZiPNuf+2gDoBl7e9N8zzBsTHvb3MPYh1YH+4hfAfHC/c4wLGA2T/vAfYBDQY4n46egSjD+6D5MbG/rwC2FeX271uAc9z8uzD768I8h7DdhHQ0FKrkscWEAaN1EKGU6M+KaePlIc6F8a6itRjnCx4FUyEjbcf0s0S4IY4rvMx4Hzjy/hFCnBvjXUWEgv1zEtFEHYEJCbfv50o6DpPYD+eZkMcBClXy2IKWcISxoP8pwnfgWUKfjDt5asjDBa3/CF8z5wvhYibUjLQdtJSj0oMQbRxXhHWjtZwQ0vnAcxLdIdBdBfczwktNV5iOAF1H0G+Sz4wHA/qaIwy+ubeekEcVClVCCCGEEEIIIU4FhSohhBBCCCGEEKeCQpUQQgghhBBCiFNBoUoIIYQQQgghxKmgUCWEEEIIIYQQ4lRQqBJCCCGEEEIIcSooVAkhhBBCCCGEOBUUqoQQQgghhBBCnAoKVUIIIYQQQgghTgWFKiGEEEIIIYQQp4JClRBCCCGEEEKIU0GhSgghhBBCCCHEqaBQJYQQQgghhBDiVFCoEkIIIYQQQghxKihUCSGEEEIIIYQ4FRSqhBBCCCGEEEKcCgpVQgghhBBCCCFOBYUqIYQQQgghhBCngkKVEEIIIYQQQohTQaFKCCGEEEIIIcSpoFAlhBBCCCGEEOJUUKgSQgghhBBCCHEqnFqohoaGyqRJk6S4uNhW0sTly5dl4cKFsnjxYp0fFham5YcOHdLyLVu2SGNjo5YRQgghhBBCCOlcOK1QTUtLk4EDB8rvfvc7iYuLs5U2UVlZKbm5ubrMa6+9JvHx8fLjjz+qaEX58OHDZdeuXbalCSGEEEIIIYR0JpxWqF69elXq6+ulT58+EhkZaSu9nUuXLsmQIUP08/jx4+XKlSv6+eLFiypyW8qNGzfk2rVrtHa0xsbrcqOxQa5fdzyfRqPRaDQajUZ71K2hocGmOEhrcerQXwjInj17SlRUlK3kdgYMGCDnz5/Xz/379xdfX1/97O3trQK3pcBDm5KSoh5a2v1bXk6m/k9ISpGcrIyfzafRaDQajUaj0R51g77Iy8uzKQ7SWpw+mVKvXr0kMTHRNvUTERER8tFHH2lLBUC474ULF/TzmTNnZPDgwfq5Jdy8eVNFMe3+DSRnV8mYNZHSb2GIpOdVW8fX8bI0Go1Go9FoNNqjbNAZpG04rVCtqanRZErdu3eXgwcPSnV1tXh5ecmePXt0vouLi6xcuVI/gwMHDqiHFd7XoUOHap9V8uDxjCiRDycHSNchHvLUQHeZvu32/sWEEEIIIYQQci+cVqjCTb5mzRpZunSprFq1SnJycjS774kTJ3T+kSNHpLCwUD8bUIbvGM8qebDkl16V9yf6yXMuHvLySG/LvOSlEV7iH1tqW4IQQgghhBBC7o3Th/6SzsPZgALpNsRD3hrnIzvOZso3c4PlmUHuMnBJuFTXsSM5IYQQQgghpGU4vVCtqKi445ioSUlJOjQNMgQj/jsrK0unUc5xVB88835IkCcHuKlABce8clWoPj/MU/osDJWLwYVyg3H6hBBCCCGEkHvg1H1UZ8+eLb///e8lPT3dVtoE0jyvWLFCpk2bJqtXr5bi4mIJDAzU5EqY3rp1q9TV1dmWJg8CeEx7zQuWpyyhOm93gpbVX2uU8etjpMtgD3kagnWopwxbGSk+UfTcE0IIIYQQQu6M0wrVjIwM2bFjh3z88ccSHR1tK23i+PHjMnbsWNtUE6dOnZKZM2fapsiDJjK1Ul4a6SXPunjKpdCfrqMbN0VO+hZIr/lh8txQb3lmkIf2W52wMUbCkytsSxFCCCGEEELITzh96O8333zzs3FU4WkdNmyYJk7avHmzXL9+XcdQ/fDDDzXx0unTp21Ltgx4XwsKCjQ5E631Vl5aJOuPJUpXS6S+N8FHIuKzpaS4SOeVlhRJTVWppKTnyrI9YfK+q5d0GeyuIcGvjvKWbWdSddniIsfrptFoNBqNRqPROqNBX5SVldkUB2ktTi1UIUB79uz5M6EKb+qcOXO0P+r48eNl0aJFWp6dna3e16+++kqOHTumZS2htrZWswzjYqK1zgoLm2zIkmB5apCHDFsRqjdmkVVmv1yZJVjrLMEan1ogq44ky3vIDjzUU94c6y0RcZlSZAlV++VpNBqNRqPRaLTObPn5+RSq90Gn8KimpaXp5/r6evV+Llu2TL2pYOPGjeLq6qoJlQyTJk3SPqzkwZBXek0+mOSv/VB3nc+0ld4d9/DiplDhIZ5yMaTYVkoIIYQQQgghTixU4eFEYqTu3btr0iSMowov6ffff6+e0wEDBsjatWs1BDghIUG8vLxk+vTpsnLlShk3bpx69UjLyC+pF7fwIqmsbdsQMp4RxeodxdipoUnlttK7U3e1Ub6a3ZR8acHeRFspIYQQQgghhDixUEU4LsJ4MzMzNcQXWYBRhg0GlZWVOh//AcKE4+LitAxZgcm9uXr9hhx0y5Ee0wJ0/NN+i8IkPrPaNrflrD+eJk8PdJPPZwZKSeU1W+m9mbMrQZ7s3zScDYQrIYQQQgghhACnD/0lHYNfTKkMXhouz7p46PAxEKpdrf/oO3raL9+21L3B+LVj1kbJE/2uyNh1t2dnvhenfPP195FUKayFnlhCCCGEEELIo49TC1WE+yKrb0XFz4cxyc3N1Qy/69ev147KwMPDQ6fPnDmj0+TnJOfUyKwd8do/FJl3u1lCceiKCFlzLFXeGu8rXayy7sM8ZcWhZKmpv7eXs7DsqvSYHihPD3SXLWduH+/2XmQV1sm7rr763e1nW9a3lRBCCCGEEPLo47RCNSsrS3r37i1/93d/p6G/9mAe+qhevHhRIiMjNSz40qVLMnr0aAkNDZW+ffvKiRMnbEsTw0nffHnbEoYQqBCkH08NkD0Xs+TqtRs6PyCuTL6cFaTzug5pErBpeTU6704ExZdZwtZLnrfErU9U666fxhs3ZfjKSHlygJuMXB0pN2/aZhBCCCGEEEIea5xWqKLvKRIq9enTR8WoPUiihOFpsAxCT8GECRPk3Llz+hkeVRcXF/1MmohJq5TXx3hLNxdPeXOcnyzan6LZeptTWH5dJm6Ok+eGemtI8MdT/eVyaJFt7s/ZdSFLnhnoLp9Yoreg7LqttOVs+TFTEyp9PMVfSqvYt5gQQgghhBDSCfqoOhpHdfLkyeptXbhwoQwaNEiF7PDhw8XX11fne3t7q8BtKRj2pri4WPf/UbOK8lIpKCoVl+Xh6iV9bbSnnPRIkurKMqmuKtcLwH55lBdb/xfvDpcXhjf1X0WY8IYTqZJXWCbl5dZ3ysqlzDL8H7cu0hKaHjJgUbCUWt8rLb399+9m2LYTHmnW73jJG2N9xSc8RyqtMkfL0mg0Go1Go9FoncmgL0ziV9J6nFqowlv69ddfS2xsrK2kCXhPf/jhB/28fft2HUcVY6e6u7trGUKCERrcUhA6jCFv0O/1UbOy4nxZdSBCRepzQ71k/bEEqSgrkIL8PIfLw4oK861lCuVH30zpMS3QEqtN/VY/neItn0/3kc+m+cjnluH/W+O8db0LfoiWooI8yctzvE5HVlSYJ37hGZZI9ZFnXTxlz9l4KSm683bRaDQajUaj0WidxZBvB2KVtA2nFaoYbgYn94033pDLly/LtWvX1HPq5uYmR48e1fFTMVbq+PHjZdeuXbJv3z4ZM2aMlo0dO1b27NljW9PjTc3Vm9Jzdoj2S3VZHiH1tv6oLSUtr1ZGrIrU7/+hv5s80d/9NkMiJITuuoe37Sasrr8hX8wMtNblJptPZ9hKCSGEEEIIIY8zTitU4eGcP3++jBo1SmbNmiUZGRma1Xfr1q1y48YN2bhxoyxYsEC2bdumoraxsVHWrFmjZfC2mr6rjztXQovk+aGeam5hbROTGG9198UsWbgvUZYeTL7NFu5NlF3nM3WZtnDjxk0ZtSZKherUrbd7zgkhhBBCCCGPJ07fR5XcHzO2x6nHs+fsIKmqdc5kRRDAEKrffh8i1xraJngJIYQQQgghjw6dVqgiARI2Hsl9DFevXr1VRo+qSEHZVflwsr+G5644lGIrdT72XcrW0OIPJvlJbkm9rZQQQgghhBDyuOK0QhXhvJs3b5bXXntNw4Dt8fHxka+++krDfNevX6+iNCwsTL788kstW716tdTV1dmWfnw57pUnXQd7yMsjvSQs6SdB72x4R5XISyO85JVRXhIYV2YrJYQQQgghhDyuOK1QTU1N1T6qr7/+usTExNhKmzh48KCOo2rPqVOnZOrUqbap1lNQUKDD2uA/+rt2doLiy+SzGYHqqey/KEyuNTivhzkjv1beGu+r47Ee8ci1lRJCCCGEEEIeV5w+9Pfbb7/VbL/2nD59Wj7++GPZvXu3REREaNmVK1fk/fff17KQkBAtaw1IHb13715ZunSpLFmy5NbYrcg23JlovHFT9l7KltfHeEu3IR7SzcVTjnnl2eY6J9X1jdJzbrA8OcBNVh123hBlQgghhBBCyIPBqYUqwn979ux5SzQaamtrJSAgQM6fPy+fffaZhgKjz2pgYKBcunRJPv/8cxWuLaWqqkqzCsObijGPsG6sKzk5Wf+npaVpiDEyDWOonPj4eF0eIcn4byw9Pb1DLSMjXbKzMsU9KEWOXE6UY1d+suNuTTZpY4Q8N9RTulgiFWOcbjoaYX3H2j4H63MGy8xs2q8RK4LlmUGeMnx5iKRbxzLTKnO0PI1Go9FoNBqN1hkMGiI/P9+mOEhr6RQeVZzoOzFu3Djtk2rP9OnTZdGiRbape9PQ0KDiF/1aYZiGSMZnJGjCvNDQ0FshxxgGp7q6WoUq/ldWVupyBohms672tPr6OrkclC0vjbCE6GCPJo9pM3vWxUO6DnaXfgvDJCK5XOTGNWvbOmZ72suwX0sPJMqT/d3l8xmBUlJWLfUOlqPRaDQajUaj0TqLQUPYawTSOpxWqBYVFWkYb5cuXWThwoXq7Txx4oQsW7ZMx1OFOMUYqkOGDNGWCnd3d523a9cuGTRokKSkdHwIKUQqgAd25cqVcujQIRW0GOe1o5i0OU66WoL0lVHemiTJ3l4cjoRE3jJ/T6LTDkVzJ4575+t+oa9qUnatrZQQQgghhBDyOOK0QhVDzFy8eFHDehFuiw0tLCxUAYpQXcyDVVRU6PKm7MKFC7rsgwRZh7Fd+H2Ia2wnWlEgZOFdRThxeyRoyiqsk3cn+Kk3ddG+JEnIqr7N4jOqJDW3xrZ05yI2vUpeH+OjYvW0H0MkCCGEEEIIeZxx+tDfzgrc/EjEhGOKIXPmzZun/VxN8qe2eF33Xc62RKq7vDraW+IsUfooAQ/w5zODNKHSyiNMqEQIIYQQQsjjTKcWqvBWNo/7RpkzgqzCCFmOjY1VAQsvKzyxSNaEZFHwwN4NZPMdtiJChdxQ639jo/MON9NWJm2KubV/N6z9JYQQQgghhDyeOK1QhccRyYswDA1EnT0Qd71795bvv/9eExtB+CHMdsWKFeq5nDFjxq2QYGcGQtXX11f3Yfbs2Ro2jP2GaG3ucY3LqpXXRnvLM4PdZf/lbFvpo8WWM+nylCVUP5zsLwVlbe94HppYLt/vTpC0PPZ1JYQQQgghpDPitEIVfT4nT54sL7zwgsTExNhKm4CAhRi1Z8uWLRpiCzBv+fLl+rmzgCzDRpCjjytELDytO3fskEB/X5m5KUC6DHKX9ycFSF5p50qU1FK8okrlheFe8tJIL/GLaVs/YzhiBy4Ok9/0uqQe6IZH0PNMCCGEEELIo47Th/5+9913EhkZaZtqAtl/P/30Uzl+/LikpqZq2fDhw8XT01M/u7m5Sf/+/fVzS4BIxBAzSMj0MAzeYJO+Gp9ramr0P8ZmPX3qmIydukj+b7cB8i9f7ZbJG8OlID9Xl8E2YygdgO+adTVff2ewGmu7E9OL5V1XX3l6kIdsPZ0itTXV1v44Xt6R1dVWS2RysbxtrQNZkDGe7FGPLLlah+Pp+Ds0Go1Go9FoNFpHGer4pG04tVCFCOvZs6d6Fu1BWC+y+x45ckS++uorCQ8PlxEjRmgYLfDy8pK+ffvq55aAiwhjtWZmZjqV5eXlSllZqYxaHSldh3jJR5P9xS80UVKTE7SvK8Z0Rajzhg0bxM/PT7+TlZVl+26e5OTk3Jp2dsvJzpS09EzpOz9InhnsKePWhEhxQY5kZzle3pEV5mfJ1uPR8twwT3ltjI+8MMJbekz1kZj4NGv9tx+HLGu9xuzLaTQajUaj0Wi09jDoCwyxSdqG03tUv/32W0lLS7NN/RxXV1fZunWr9vGEhxUgNHjUqFH6ubPjFlYi3Yd5STcXD9l5LtNW2gS8qiEhIdq3Fd5k9GuFQAX4D+9qZ2P+ngRNqPTRlAAJS660lbac6dvi5VnrWL093lfeGNs03M2mUxm2uYQQQgghhJDOgNMKVWzYsWPHpEuXLrJy5UrNmnvmzBlNPASP6bZt21SQ9uvXT/t2wpv6zTffyKlTp2TQoEESHBxsW1PnZsGeJHmiv5t8PjNQh3C5GxCqEK/o34pjhb66SDB18uTJThN24BZerKIcYvNNS2ieasWYquXV1/U4oS/vsoPJMntnvDxjfX5ngq+k5f+0/xhrduaOeBm9JspaJkFScjrn2LOEEEIIIYQ8qjitUMW2HD16VAUXPKVFRUUaxor+qpiHsF/Mz8//SciEhoZqWVxcnK2kc3O98YYMXd40JM3ULa3fJ4ROJyUlyZUrV1TAIkkTwpyzs7N1qBxMOxuWxpbDHrny1jgf6TbEQ163xGpSTss8w34xJfLCcE/pPsxTM/9mFNSqVxVidZYlTA1j1kbJH/pd0TFp8d91fYww5RIhhBBCCCHOg9OH/j7OFFdck4+m+KtQ3XLm/sNX4WmFIWZ+x44dsnTpUh3iJz4+/tawOM6Cb3TpLZGJoWZawvoTaTq8zafTAqS06pqWLT+UrOtAcqXotErJK6nX9b48ylveneAnL43wkj/OCJSiirYPh0MIIYQQQghpX5xaqEI8wUtaX19vK7kdeAbDwsL0MzyGyPZ79uxZuXz5so6t2tkJSSyXVyxBhey1l0OKbKXtB0QrPNJlZWWaNRgXA47j/v37NbMyBOzDPI7zfkhQkfnmOF9Jyr67V/WGtS+Dl4ZrmPSkzbHqmQUYj/WTqf66nnHromXd8VQNK+5hidnNp9PltTHeOiROcEJZ0xcIIYQQQgghDx2nFarok+ri4iK//OUvJTk52Vb6EwhrxRA1b7zxhk5DpH7wwQdy6NAh7acK4dXZOeieI10He8i7rn6S/ID6UaJxAOL/wIEDsmzZMj2eAEPhAMx/UCRkVf/kVd2TaCt1TGZBrbw/yU/7p+65mGUrbeLAlRzt9/raaG9L9PrI80M9ZMqWWCkotUSsJVix/t3NvkMIIYQQQgh5eDitUIWnz9vbWxMkNR+eBuzdu1cmT54sY8eO1Wl4UjH9KLFoX1MipW/mhsi1u+dR6jCMMMWQQODHH3+UBQsWqIBFwqrGxkYt7yjm70myeVXv3lf1UkiRekrhgY5Ou305HLsBi8PleQxbY4lVeKjPBDT1z3VZHqn9VCdvjtVpQgghhBBCyMPH6fuoOhpHFeODTp8+Xf+PHj1ay5Bk6euvv9ZhapAluDVZbjGMS0ZGhiZrcgbLzcmW9IwsGbg4WMcUHb0qWPJys3UsUEfLd4QhrBqGY4z/GO4G5ampqZp1efPmzbJo0SKJjo6WxMRESUhI0P8YLgdZmHEtobHBrMt+3S21fGuf3QOTLHHpJV2HeMqMrZGSn5djbdNP68u2jkl+XrbM/yFKuljH6o/T/CQuKUOPoVmmuDBHDl2MVaH60khvec/VW8Ji0qTEKp+zLVyPcc/ZgZKQkqXH2XyPRqPRaDQajUZrqyEvjDMmL+0sOLVQvX79ukOhOmbMGJk2bZqcPn1aw33t5yOr7YABA3T4mpaCfpjl5eXqNXQGq6qslNSsYvlwkq88Pchd1h9LkuqqSqmsdLz8gzSEACPpEvq3Ivwa07iIcPwgVGfNmiUTJ07UsGGcF8w3hvMJQ8OAo3U3N+wv9nv2zlhLhHrI62O8JCQ21zrHlbctg//9FgTLkwPcZdLGKKnQ3/tpPVi+srJKJm6Klt98e1nm747XY1xbXSknvTLlWRdPeWWUl/hH5ervme/RaDQajUaj0WhtNdSPkf+FtA2n96j+8Y9/lJiYGP0MD11KSoq4u7tr6OmqVavkhRdeEH9/fykoKLiV+GfkyJGydetW/dxZQfiqJlJy8ZArocW20s4BkjMFBASol9okaQI+Pj4qXiFWW4Ppq4r+pwv3/by/cnbxVflgUlPCpOb9U+0pq7ouHhHFUmk3Hm1afp284+qrfYFP+BTYSgkhhBBCCCEPE6cVqggXnTdvnnz44YfqoYPoQZIklBnQQoHwUwARNH78eJkzZ44Ou+JMQ620hQ0n03Qc0bfG+0pydudtiYHnFf1c0ZcV/YhXrFih4dn79u3T+fCAt6Sf61xbBmCMr5rYLAPwxZDCW17RiOSmvrQtpf5ao/RdFCZP9nfTLMOEEEIIIYSQh4/TClWIF4SLQuRAkCLM9F5gOXyns3PIPUe9qRBmAxaHybXrDy7T7oMAob/wjgP8h4fVz89Pdu/erd5xR7H8iZZYv9O4qiuPpOhYs1/OCpLKmtZnnZq9M0GTVg1c8ugda0IIIYQQQjojTh/6+ziRnl8rSw4kycujvKTrYHf5eIq/RKV2fuHdEhAufP78edmyZYusXr1aEzJh/FwkxYJXFiw7kiXPDg+Qt1wDJDGryauK8VMHLWkaP3Xqljgtay17L2erAMZ4qzlFjsfsJYQQQgghhDw4nFqoIpx3xIgRUlRUZCu5nZ07d2ryHgAPLDxyGDplzZo1t/qrdgYgUFccSpH3JvqpYHp6oJtNpLYujPVRAecShrBgGPofr1i2WCZMXyK/+3Cx/KHXEZm/N0WXzSqskw+nBEvXIV7S1rFQ/WNL5fmhnvLCcC8JTii3lRJCCCGEEEIeFk4rVDEMypAhQ+QPf/iDxMb+fIzL9PR0effdd6VHjx46ffjwYZk6daruEIas6QzJlDIKfhKoTw+EQHWXN8f6ytxdCZKW1/LhdR51EP4Nj2tYaIj0HbVIfvPxWu27G5+UKr4xZfJkr0PyossFSchpXZImQ0Z+nbw/yU+6DHaXw+65tlJCCCGEEELIw8JphSo8ouiX2qdPHx0jtTnwpO7fv18TKCE0FP/d3Nx03qVLl3SIGmfmkEeOvDuhyYOK8T/fcfWXBXuTJTGbAvVuBCZflxdH+slLIzwkLq1UTvoWyN+8Olv+8WUXWbh4hbi7u90KFW4p1xpE+i0K0/DhhXuTbKWEEEIIIYSQh4VTh/4i/NPROKo//vijZo9F/0WEBoNBgwaJr6+vfvby8pK+ffvq55aAJEzIMox+kR1p+Xm5UlSYL9vPJMsLI7yl6xAPeW2Up4xfHSBuAQlSUpQvZSUFkmct5+j7j7sVFuSKe1CKvDnWR160jt9prxRZdTBWugzxla9nesn5i25y4vgRzRCNIY3wPyQkRI4dOyYRERGapAmWl5enZtZbXJgnY1eHylMDPWTQkmDJyWk6V/a/TWu95edb56ywQGKTcyUqMVei72KYn5SWp9d/YcFP54ZGo9FoNBqtsxr0RXFx5xpm0plwaqEKevXqJUlJt3u5xo4dK2PGjJEZM2ZIt27d5MqVK+pRRTIegGFsXFxc9HNLQNIe7DsORkdaeXmpnPJMkeeHuutwKn+cHih+UYVSX1tpWYWUlzn+Hq3JKqzjl5xRqP13IfK3nkqQWduiVGCOXhMpVVXVctU6lwgTRr9mDLQMbzz6LM+cOVOvGQhXZBrOycnRQZjr6+qk4dpV2XImwxK8XvLpND9JSMvnuWgHq6ook0W7I+SVkR7y6ihPeW30nQ3z33P1kuX7IvS71VXlP1sfjUaj0Wg0Wmcy6ItHYUSShwWOoVMKVSTRgYf0ueee0yRJOMnu7u6ybds2DQvGhgcGBsqnn36q806ePKle1KCgIO3bevHiRduanIs5u5LkqQFu8tFkf4lNr7KVkpbSeEOk17wQPYbLDqZYAjVa/tDPTebvSbQt4RiEA0OgXr169dYwRhCyCB/3cL8sO44FyLODL8kro3wkNpPh1+1BSGKlvDTSR7oP87IlCbu7dRviKc8N85ZJm+OkoLxt/Y0JIYQQQsijgdMKVYiKTZs2yfr162Xjxo3qPo+OjpazZ8/alhCpq6sTT09P25TImTNn9DseHh62Euei8cZNGb4yUp7od0Wmb2vbUCqPPTdFxqyN1sRHQ1dEyBezguRpSwRtOpVuW6DloA80rqmDB/bJ9NkL5ak/rpBnh/rIwYtN47Q2NlIstZXrDTf1/ECg9pgeIEc8cuWkT94d7YRluDcwLNMzgzzkq9lBEpbEDMyEEEIIIY8rTitUH0XKq6/LN3OD1Xu07niqrZS0FnhPn3XxkHcn+Mqb43zkheGecsI7zza3bdRdE/lyZlPm39Er/KSo/KocPHREVixdIKeOH5S4mAi5eaPBtnTnAtfdrvOZsuJwimw5nSE5RXW2OR0HxCfOUdfBHrLvcrat9O5U1zXIsoPJ0n2Yp54HnNsz/gW2uYQQQggh5HGCQvUBklFQJ++4+qqX6ajn/Qmrx5ntZzNUAL0+xkdeHe0tr4zy1rFQ75dRa6LVO/vKaF95f6Kf9Pk+QIZ8f04GTtoik+euldKySqmtLtckXugHm5XVtnFbHzQLLGH/+75XNKsxrM+CUCmt7Lhxhq9evyHffR+iDTL9F4VJ3dVG25yWcdQrV94e76tC942xPpKaW2ObQwghhBBCHhecWqgi2y+S4DTfLiTCQdbf+fPny+nTp7UM46oiudLixYtl3bp1GhbsbIQklsuLw73k+aGe4htz/8LqceWUb750s0TM65aIgVBtLzFzIahQPpriLy+P9JKnBrpZotVDurr4yBuuIfLR9AgZsCRcopLLdFkk+MI1iOtty5YtGqoOMOarM1FQdlX7Q79gXXcYrxfHC97KmTvibUu0PxHJFdp40G2Ihxxvo6f7ckiRvDbGR9eB800IIYQQQh4vnFaoQnj2799ffvvb30pc3O39OePj4yU2NlZSUlLkpZdekoKCAk2ehOXxGeZsggGc8ctXL9E7E3wlKZteorbiF1OmQug1S3RBVH4yNUBKqtqnP2mZtR7/2DLZcylbpm2Lk55zQuTNcb7y3FAv9eJ+OjVQYjN+SoJVUFAo/v7+2ofaJPnCf4zpi2v0YTeYnMY1Z4m9V63j5WftFxJQdbH2A9fhgSstC8ltLTvPZao3FdEDmYVt2/+aq43y5ewgTZq1+ijD5AkhhBBCHjecVqiigo/srH369NEhRpqDMTKRWGn06NFSXV0tFy5ckG+++UYSEhJUKLQGiNrr1693qDU2NMiGE6ka9vv5zEDJL6mVhgbHy9LubEiAFJtWrv1TIb5eGOEl/ReFSlXN1fs+nli3CMJUb6rduNEgFdX1Ep5YKmuPJslL1m/Bwwdh7KcecSz3E7juYBju6PDhw7Jw4UKZNm2a7N27V9ePTNbIOtwc/G7zbblfwzph49dHW2LPXXrPD9HjU1FVL9/ND1avKkKnA+Os/bjZ6HAdrTWzH2PWRKnAdFkebh0PlDte/k6G5WHDVkRoqPK4dVG3ypsvS6PRaDQajebM1tjYui5Q5CecOvQXArJnz54aAmwPROzOnTtl6tSpOjYmBtKFR2v58uWyatUq9aw2H3v1bmCokuTkZElLS+swy8tOF9e1IfL0IE/57vtASUtNk4x0x8vS7mxZmekSEZssn0zxk5ctodp9uLeMWhks6daxbO/jmZGRrr9XkJspRfmZsvFotIbQYgxXhNCuOhAhmRlpkm73HUQCwDCOKzz7oaGh6nHFPAynlJqaqsJ12bJlcuzYMS1r+q2MW9/FZ7O+tlpOVrr4hibJO+N9rO31lMW7IyQvB/uSIVf8E+VtqxzDwXw23U/ColMk17o+Ha2nNYZjFRSRJO9N9LWEsKcssX4zP6f1+4Ljie2fvS1cx7b9cqa/RMWlWOt3vDyNRqPRaDSaMxqiP/PymJemrTi1UAXGS3onhg8fLmvXrrVNNTF58mRZtGiRbereYIxNtHZ0pF1vaJDhKyPkiQFuMnVLrCXCHS9Hu7ddu94gfRaEyIsjmkTjon2JHX48b95EKPlNOeNXIO9N8NPQWXhXLwUjzNzxd+zDzzENcK0VFhbKlStXZMOGDbJy5UopLy/XGxERBPDGovXNnubrbYmJ3JC9FzM1XBl9PaNTK25tJ+YhK+/zml3XQyZuiNZjer/HEN8/658nz7l4akh2QGxpm9eJ7x3zypEug9y1D3JSdtV9bx+NRqPRaDTagzZn7I7YWXBaoYrMqvCkvvjii3L06FGd9vX1VS+Uj4+PeHt7S0REhHpcvby8JDw8XMdPxXd69+6tQsCZqKhpkG/mhsjTllBddzzNVkraiuuGGE1KBcG442ymrfTBEJteKT2mB2rCpYmbYm2lbQPCFQ8whK9DoGZmZmrIMMYPRr9r3KBtxWV5hDxpXW9Drf8NjbeHKYMl+5NUqMKzuvNc+2QwXrQ/WX/zi5mBUlV3f8P5hCZVqNcc5/lKWLGtlBBCCCGEPA44rVBFKC+8TcjsizDJ7OxsCQ4OlhMnTmgyJXhMEerr5+enyyPU15RBuDobGQW1mlwGHqJjXrm2UtJWlh5MVo8mQnHPPoSxNjecTJenLaH67gQ/ySqstZXePxCtyCAcEBAg27Ztk6CgIO3XiusfohZD4qCv692oqW9UEfrSSC9NarT3kuOkSTX1DTJ4abhek0hO1dTvtu1gvNYvZgapUJ3VDlmF80vrpcf0AO3Xvfl0uq2UEEIIIYQ8Djh96O+jQqgOTeOp4ZbtMebn486u85masOflkd4SnNA0ZMyDBF5VhNRC5O3voOy5BohXRBQgfGT37t06JM7q1as1s7AJW8d/kF9+U4atipGugz1V4PWaFyLFFXdOLpacUyMfTPLX5EoQhTnF9bY5rWfLmXTpOsRdr3H38Pv3gDbeuCmDLCH9h35uMmXL/XmuCSGEEEJI58LphSoq6I5iu+FhQmIae5BxFZ2WnXEMVR0mBEPTuPpKYla1rZS0Fe/IEvl9vyvyxjgfyStpu7hqKw2NN2ToiqbQWhfrP0TVgwJhwjExMRphAJFqxnANCo2R9wZvk9/3OmYJeB+ZvCVB8kt+nmW4OZdCitQzDbE6em2UwzBhlMEDW1vf6NDiM6ssweunHlxkGm6v4/H97kRtkOi7INRWQgghhBBCHgecuo8qwn6ffPJJzYJqT1hYmM6bN2+eJlOCQEWG1SlTpsiKFStkyJAhP/vOw2bTKYSKumtoZMldPFykZVxvuCFHPHLbxXPXVhBSC3GH8Vxj0ittpQ+H6LQqecPlsPzVsyPlF10Hyeufj5Os7BxrTtPQM/di9ZFU6WrtCxpTlh5IlqvXf0qlfjG4UPotDJNPpgXIH6cHOjSIVCS30mOR1n7HYt/lbPUMv+3qK6sOp4hnRIkUlV8TmwOZEEIIIYQ8ojitUIXQ3LRpk3z44YcSHR1tK23Cvo/em2++qf1Z161bJxs3btQyhEXOmDFDPzsLM7bHyx/6XZHByyJsJaSzk118Td6b6K8NEGuO3e7dbw5CatEHtCMElq+13vcn+smzQ33k9QkRlrjLleLCPGm4flWHXsL9UlZWpmHDCBdGP9fmYw1bul/GrIuVLoM8VKyOWRsl+y2RuGhvYlN25cEeOrTSUwMdG+Y9McBDVh5p376k4clV8vwwb2vfvFSwYizbj6cEyOg1UbLpZLqEJ1XYliSEEEIIIY8STh/6i+Fpmo+jikr2rl27ZOTIkTJ79mwtc3Fx0WzAwNPTU/r27aufWwJChTFkCMa+bG8rLSmW3PwiGbAoxBI0GAokXMpKi6W42PHytM5j5WXFMm5tiCWgPOTzmYGSnl2o59Z+GZz/vIIiGbw0zFrOU466p+v37Jdpi2G9NVVlcso7W94a76tC8qURHrL9ZIxUVZRZArVC72djEKfIIoxswpMmTZKTJ0/qNY9QefzPz8+VtOwSGb02Rl4c6afrQ1gzxCE+fzrFW77fHiQLdgbL/B0/t3nbgmTp7lBJy8hr12u7wNq2LccjZeACX3l/gpd0H9a0XU/2d7MEMoau8RW/yJx2OaY0Go1Go9Fo7WmoY2EYQtI2nFqoImQRw880F6ros4rMvxiuZtCgQZohdfTo0ToNWitUEWYMryz6+rW3FRUWSFRClnw8xRITQzxl3dF4KS4qkAIHy9I6l5WVFMgZn3R5cYS3PDfUQ/aei9cy+2WKrHMdGJWhIbFPW4J21rYIKS22zn/B7etqiRVa1xKundLiQqkoK5QNRyLlxeEeKiTfdvWTM76Zlki1BJu13M+/2/SgRP/WiooKycnJ0QGo0c8b1z6iEaZMHCcrVq6SwbOPa4KlDyYHyrsT/GXyljhJSC+Rhroyqa8uuaPVVZXo9jX/7fsx7HO1tU8lljBPySiQK8E5su3HdO0Hi/7JGF5n6sawnx13Go1Go9FotIdtqGtBbJG24fQe1V69eklaWtO4o/CkYqgO+2RJo0aNkp07d+rYkzt27NCyzZs3a39VZyEmvVqHCunm4iEekc53jEnbqb9+Q76bH6IJf8atd5yZ1i+mXId/wfmftjXOVto2EKJbXtMoKw6nyYsjIdTc5cPJ/hIYd3+Zj+vr63WIp3NnT8uRQ/slv7ha4lNyrf81KmzLS4tsSzoPM3fEa9j1p9MCpaTy/sZsJYQQQgghzoXTClW0QqDf6fPPP6/9TeH1OXbsmI6VeubMGZk7d66OswpPKrYblew+ffqoZ2jEiBGSnu484y6e8W/K+PvmOB+Jy7j7GJik87H1TIaGyL42xnFSJSQEetbFU14Y7ikDl4Q5zKp7LxKyqsV1Q4x8PjNIekwLkOeGNg0/89Xs4A67phobmjIGR0VGaEMQxjPesmWL3osYDqeh4eGKwwBLnKP/LMbTPeLJsYkJIYQQQh4lnFaoIkQR2X2Tk5MlMjJSE8KgrLi4WEOCIyIiJDw8XIfnMGAevuNsseDrT6TJ0wPdLFERJGVV987ASjoX6fm12gjR1RJMGN4FGYntWXIgWedhzNdPLZFZWdO6a+CMX74OawRhir6ZSMqF9U3cGPNAh+bBkFAIr0efC3hg8bzAfXn+/HlJTEzUEPoHydXrN2Tg4jB5yrq3Bi0Jb1MDACGEEEIIcU6cPvT3UWDiphgVF8NWMOPvo8q642naVxQCcue5TFupyI2bN2XsumjpPsxTw3/fneAnqbk1trn3JjK1QsPG4ZHHEC0L9ibK8kPJctwbXk3bQg8RhOIfOXJEPa6zZs2SCxcuqLcVjUn439Hsu5Sl4b84Rq7royUkkQkLCCGEEEIeBZxaqGJs1B9++EGH2LAHG43+qAgNRjIYgGUxnA36p2IYDnh8nIHaq43Sb1GY9mGEyCCPJjjPg5eGS5dB7vL6GJ9bw6ZU1zVoeO7LlpB6dbS3vGbNa01/0m0/ZmiWWwhcLyfv34whcBAWDJGK0H0IVQhX3MMhISE6v73Fa1HFNem9IFSescQqBCsaA9AP+JRvvpy2zDe6VPJLneNZQAghhBBCWo7TClWEGfbu3Vv+9m//VjP82hMUFCTHjx+XAwcOyB//+EdNsoQK8RdffKEVYoQEP+z+c4aswjr5YJKfhm0euJJjKyWPInHpVfKOa9O57j0/VMUrRNLb431VpELAPj/UU874F9i+cW/QL/WJ/m46rmlnBH3FzbA4a9asuRUyjIRoELT2ofttpazqmmw5kyE9pgdqQwGOP0Srelp13FV/GbYyUtYcTZULQYWSnFPDMGFCCCGEECfHaYUq+pli7EckSEIf1TsBoYplIVSHDBkiNTUtD6t8EESlVmrYJwRKQFyTl408uhzxzJfnhnpJ18Hu2jc5ML5MRaoRqsjSu+PsT6HBd6OqrlE+mxGoHtUNJ50nOdj9gnsUQ0yhXyuSoyFB05UrV7QP+v2AzL87zmXL5zND5M1xfvKOq7+8MhrDQnnJUwM9VLgiqdV7E/zkm7nBctov3/ZNQgghhBDibDh9H1VH46gaDh06JC4uLlrpRQiwq6urfP/99zJu3DgNPWwp6GeHfcfBuJOVlZVKTXWFRKeUyI/+BXI2oEDOtcAW7ElUofqOq4+ExOZKRXmZw/XTOr/hGikrL5WRK4O1v+q7rn7isjxc3hjrI29YIvXt8T7y7FBPmbczRsqxrGWO1gOrqiwTz7AcedX6Hq6fEx6pUlnRua8dNCjhP4a7QRgwPsfExGgWb3hbvby89L5FAjUkRouNjdVQYnhhETWB5c33mhvKa6rK5WpdpY63GhGfI5EJOXLKI0kW7goVl8V+8vFkb3lxuKf29+0yxEOzJ2fmFPOepNFoNBqN1iEGfYHEk6Rt4Bg6rVCFAP3666+1Mtuc6Oho6dGjh2Rm/tw7NWbMGFmxYoVt6t7AwwPvbU5Ozh2tqCBX3AKT5M0xnvKULawQIYb3Mgwj0n24l3w2w1+S07KlID/X4fppj4YVF+ZJdGKOJYICLYHppUl+4E3tOTtQhi4Pla5DPGXEyhBLgOVInmWO1gErKcqVjceipYsleN+Z4CehMZlS+IhdOxChyCAMkQkRW1hYKBkZGTpuMkKGly9fLlOnTlXbu3evLo/5+C6eVfge+qZjMO2f1mndq9Y5KCnKVysvyZeq8gJr3fmSlJYrXmFZsmhvnHVevHW4oJPuiXpvm+/TaDQajUajtZehKyMa30nbcFqhij6mqIS+9dZb4uHhodMQrD4+Pupxef311+XHH39UkYm+bgkJCVqOiu+AAQN0zNX2xnVjrHrKkLAFYZwtsdcskfKCJVRXH21K+kQeDy6HFqkQgkjtbv2fuSNeVhxO0aRafRaGSbMRbBwye1eCPGEtP2RZuDS2YPlHEUQ7IPTfhP+bhik8C/z9/ds0FFV59XX5aLK/NjZtPJVhKyWEEEIIIc6E0wpVeDjnzZsnQ4cOlRkzZqgnxc3NTXbu3CmXLl3S/qjwuCDUF94XhAlOnjxZ5s6dK4cPH7atpf24FFyoIZjdhnjI2uOpklFQ2zLLr5XMgjomb3kMWXogWfukQhAhe+9h91zrs5uKpJKKa7al7szXc4I1kdLi/Um2EmJARAWyfuN+37Bhg2YGRwRGS5KoIfOw64ZoPbbI1HzjBu9NQgghhBBnw6lDfx8UxZZomLMrQfouDJX+i8NkgAP70BIX6NsG8VBZ6xwZhYlzU1lzXQYuCZMXR3hqUi3PiBJ5bqiHvDXOV+Iz79xfIS2vVnZdyNS+rbjmMNQKuTMICUYWYYhV9ANBP1dkGUbEBfquwyvbnD0Xs7URAWPTIgswIYQQQghxLjqtUEXlE5XT5rSlwzKGrPjHby7KP/e5LL/ve8WhwfuCsRp/DGj50CKEVNU2SFZR03UaklAur47y1iFT/GJKtQw03rgp0WmVlnjKkhGrIuX9iX7quX/WMoSZp+RSSLUGPBcCAwN1+Cp4XH19ffV5gT4i8KYiMVNy7lV5d3KEdB3qK8e88mzfJIQQQgghzoLTClWMr4gw37fffls7I9sTERGhCVZGjx6tQ1sAeFMw1AVCgSdOnNiqfSmtuiYrD6doP8K5uxIc2vRtcbLzXKZV0bV9iZBWgjF1MaYq+jkjDBjX0kG3HOm3MFReH+ujY4BiKBok4YJAxRAq+65kCy+5+wf92PGMgGDduWOHLFi0RJ77fL787vNdMm3b7eM0E0IIIYSQh4/TClWE7M2ePVteeeWVn2X9hXBFpRMb/84772hCpW3btsmSJUt0PrwoEK2EOBPVdY3yydQA9ZZ+MStIxqyN0n7P6MPa1Sp7Y5yPDF0RoWOmRiRX6PKk/amrq5eY6CgZOnWz/O2b861zESzJ6QivvqlhxMgiDM8rIYQQQgh5eDh96O+33357K+NncxDK98UXX0h1dbV6VzEOI3B3d5d+/frpZ0KciePeefLaGPQ9xXieTdZvYZjsv5IjSTk1j21234eBd0ytvDDCT14c4SWXgrK1LCQkRObMmSOLFy+WHTt26JA5gMKVEEIIIeTB4tRCFeF6PXv2lKioKFvJ7UCcbty4UT8PHDhQ+6IBCNa+ffvq55aAfq3w4CKzMI3WkVZUkCUnrsTIH6f66rBFk9YFSWxCipQUZkthfrZkZ2U6/B6tfS0nO1NCo1Lk/Ym+0mWwpyzZFy25OZk6DisiNvAs2b17t3YzwPMHjWX4v2fPHn2+pKSkaGZyrAtD5jRfP41Go9FoNBrGhkeSR9I2OoVHFSe5OZs2bZKZM2fapkTGjh17a1iaffv2yZgxY/RzS8CQFggfrq2tpdE61OrqakUar0pRWa0kZlfLtav10nC93uGytI4znIca6/+4dVHy1AB36bcoRKqrf3oGoJEMoE8rpvEf4zofPXpUFi5cqP3gL1++rM8NPDexDJI0Gcz3aDQajUajPb6GekJ9fb2tdkBai9MKVYT1Imtn165dZenSpVJUVCSnTp2S1atXy/nz5+W3v/2tejyOHTumfcp8fHykV69eKlYHDx6snhBCCLkbuy9kafKqd1z9JDXv51nE7wRePHh4YuxWPKvAyZMn1eMaHBzcpuzjhBBCCCHkJ5xWqJaVlcnZs2fFw8NDLly4oNsG13lSUpK60lF+8eJFXcb0I4uLi9NpRx5YQghpTkx6pbw22lvHVEX/4fsBz50zZ87ImjVrZMOGDTpMDp5jaElFFnP2cyWEEEIIaTlOH/pLCCEdRf3VG9JnQag8NcBNh6Bqb8rLy1Wo+vv7y7x582TXrl0aMkyPKyGEEELI3XnkhCr6m8IIIaQlLN6fpOPXfjotUIorfupn2t6g+wISMaHLAhIwmSG20J8VydzwnxBCCCGENOG0QhVhcuh/+vnnn2sfVHswD/1UP/vss1thvsjIiSFp4LVYsWKFdmAmhJB7ERBXKi+N8NLxbY945NpKOx4IUyRtwvBayF6OcaNXrlwpgYGBOp+hwoQQQgh5nHFaoQoPw4QJE+S5556T2NhYW2kTGBZi6tSp8uyzz96q1J0+fVpcXV31MyGEtJTrjSKDlkZo+O/QFRGWQLTNeMAga7AZDgegLz4IDw/X0GF4YAkhhBBCHhec2qMKvvvuOx3D0B4zz37sVCRc+vDDD1WwYozD1gCvBvqMwbNBo9EeL6uvq5Ftp5Ol62APeXW0jwTGFsq1+hqHy3aUmeGxkEUYiZdQZp5J7u7u6mmdNm2a/sdzGob+r+Y75jmG9divl0aj0Wg02sM1JFckbcOp+6iir2nPnj1veRia07t3b/Hz89PP8DYg4+bBgwfliy++kICAAC1vCagQIoTYfoBeGo32eFheTqaExqTJ+5P8pOsQT5mwNkgK87KkuDBHigvuZNmSk53lcH3tZejHiv/o2wrDMyo0NFQb4vBMTE5O1j6vCBneunWrZkLHMog4yc7OvrUOsx4ajUaj0WgP1tLT03UcdtI2nFqogm+//VbDgB0xYMAAh+OlzpgxQxYsWGCbIoSQezNrR7wmVXpllI+sOJwqcRnVDi02vVris6rl6vWH34cUGYUxhvTevXv1mQcBi76vJkyY/VwJIYQQ0llxWqGK8QcRxtu1a1dZu3atbijGSF21apWGuyHUt3v37rJkyRJtqUBlbfv27XLq1Cnp27fvz8KFCSHkbiRl18gXM4N0TNXnh3rKiyO8HNoLw72k+3BPGbc+WuquNtq+7RwgDBjPxzLb+K3r1q3TcV1PnDgh8fHxtqUIIYQQQpwfpxWqxcXFcujQIa1gHTlyRAoLC9V9jtA3xHsfPXr01jyEuaG/FsJ+8R242gkhpLUUlF2VCRtjNANwV0uw4r8je8ESql0Gucv+K9m2b3Y8hda23WiFgxTeVHhXIVDxvHRzc9NyZFFHtwqEBDfPqO7M4Nw8yg7ivJJ6aWhs/Q4Wll+Vq9eb+ikTQgghjxJOH/pLCCEPkkZLLATGl4l3VIn4RJf+3KzyQUvD5RlLqH46LUBKOnDsVcMZv3x5Y5yP7DibaStpO0i6BLy9vbWbBIb0OnDggCZickbqrzXKqiMp8v5Ef5m4KUZyi+ttcx4NsH+rj6TKW+N8ZeHeRFvpvWm8cVN2nc+UDyf7y5DlERKbXmWbQwghhDwaOL1QjY6OvuNA+JhnP15qTk6OXLp06Y59WgkhpD0IjCvTsVfhWR2wJEz7t54PLLTNbV/gRRy2IkL+uc9l+XJWkFTVNtjm3D8IFcZzE6IV/VoRyYLkckjedPHiRU3Y9DD7uWYW1MpQS4TBe911iIc2Dnw+M0j8YkptS3Ru8kqvyrCVEbpfCDeHeUfe/h6uqWuQkMRyWXMsVaZvi9NrDTZiVaQ8P8xTPf/4/geT/GX3hSxJzqlWEXsvwpMrZMPJtEdO+D9Mrl2/IeXVTQ1BhBBC7h+nFarYluHDh8uvfvUrrSzZgzDfiRMnyt/8zd/cSqYUExMjo0aN0qQiSMAUEhKi5YQQ0hHM3B4nT/R30/FXkYSpuyUaIBTam6Kyq9JjeqC8YAnjV0d7S1Rqx4+nWldVKiePHdL+rfC4BgUFqaiFiH1QpOXVyNdzglSEoW9wv4Wh8sZYH+1DjOMAb+KN1sRCOxkNjTdk7LpoeXqgu7w8ylteH+Mjz1lCddDSMCkqvyoRlpBcfTRV+iwIlZdHelnLucm/9L0iv7fZk9a196yLh/SeHyrvT/TT4wTR+uY4H23Y2HQyXSJSKqTaErrN8bWE/tvjfeWfvrssC/cm2UrJ/XCt4YY2IHw2I1CSc5wzOoEQQjobTitU0XfqypUr8vXXX/9seBq09mMoBghSDIQP5syZo+FrYM+ePTJ27Fj9TAghHUFu6TUZuz5GBi+LtIRkkHrDkGhp8+n0O3pVErKqZcOJNMlphRcL3jR4biFknnXxlEPuubY5LcMnukS2/ZghlTVN2+QWVizzfkiQ2TvjZe6uhNvNVr5wX4pEpDctX1lZpWHBEKp4YeA/nrX79+/XBkGTYbg9ySqss0RqsI5t+8Jwb9l4KkPqr9+USyHF8uHkAB1GCCJt6pY4FXWdEQht9HfGOV13IkMOe+Tp9fPaaB/5fGag9d9bxefTgzzk+WHe8sWsYBm6IuqWDVoaIWuPp0tN/Q0JT64SF6vszXF+0s0FotbDEvQe8oolgPtaAn/Orp/ONT5jKCaIf3hk4bHuxHrfaSgouyavjfHWyIc9lx5c33VCCHmUcfrQ37uNo9qnT59b46UOHDhQfH199TPGFkTm35aC5ExILIKkTDQajdYSK8jPlcICy6z/7gGJ8uFELxUH8Ir1tETW5lPJEpuUI+Ul+VJZmi/xKdnSc3aQ/HNfNxmyNFTSM3OlIC/H4bqNFRbkyLojsdJ9mJd6E/HfdV245Fvfy8lx/B1jBfk5EhGfpd42eHyHLAu3BGqceufgCTaeOUeG5V8f4ysewRlSXlqgDYcIEc63/mPdCBVGNnZEtqxYsUIT3SUkJGgiOzxL8/Pz9eWC7MP4bvNtu5Nhn7DPs7ZHWSLNQ160hNvCnSFSZB1nHO/S4jxxD0yQr2f5aCgwjneveSHiHpIpFdZxxnFxtF5nspKiXD2ub47zVcH93Vw/qzxLr4Vec/xUZEKgQsS+P8FbRq4IkO3HwyQ0KkX3z95KivL0uBQX5lnHPUvOe8fJ8j0h0m++n7w1zks9rE8NdJff97M7v9ZnrBvHFkK2x/QAiUmwzpm1PkfbS7u34V7zC0uzhKqPPGvd/9/vjNTjea97lEajPfqGsc3hYCNtw6mFKpJ+3E2o9u7d+5ZQHTJkiFaegLu7e6uEKvrAokKFkGIajUZrqVVUlEtlRYVcq6uSqGQkWYpQoYpwToSovufqJd/vCJOYpFyZsz1SBQI8Zvi/5nCM1FZX6Hpqqiul8Wq1rgefzfqrqypk9Oowed4SqAh3fWmEt3w5K0Cy84r1t81yjqzGWvfG4/HSzaXJs4btghcS0xAnAxaH3dHedvVVT9+3c/2lqLhUblyrlkbL8B/bWFdbeyursBGkEKl4h5w5c0bGjx+vYcP4jBd1hXWMYPC+1tXV6X9H24x9yrL27fPp/vKMJUInbYq2jkGlHgedb9m1+irJL6qQBXsT1SMIsfrqKE/ZeiLWOhflUlXZtKyzWl5BsSVI/dVb/N5Ef4lILJbamgq9FoLji2TAknCZvDlWzgUUSFpOuVy1jneDddzraip1/+zN/hrAfuPYNFjXUXV1lcSnl8kJnzxdF7yq5tz2XRQmY9ZGyYztcXo94boKjs21zsnt20lruVVZx84rLFuPJSIrxq8Lt46nc1+HNBrtwRjej3CIkbbh9B7Vzz77TOLi4vQzWiTsh5755ptvtO8UmDt3ro6pChYuXCiLFy/Wz4QQ8qDAMCHngwoFiW4QWgnP2LNDveSDyYHy1ng/FYyozCKU9x1Xf4nNaOrLVlB2XXZeyJaAOEtgXv0pDrPu2k35Zm6Ier+QYRjfhdfGfO9uXGsQFT0QnOjj+t5EPxV1mjm35O6hx7svZqmYfmmkt4xdFyuL96fIwn3J+t83pty2lGMaGxv1XYIIl927d+tniFS8qDG2K5LdYZk7EZpUqQIKgvqCdSzvxhGP3CbPpLVf3Yd76zZiv52ZPZdy1RsMQXPMq3Vh3O1JTFqVXk/oW+0W7nzv/s6GT3SZRivgeA607jtCCCH3j9MKVbjKkcTj3XffFVdXVxWoJ0+eVBGKjV60aJG8//77MmbMGM3+W1BQIKNHj5bvv/9eZs6cqa0YhBDyMECi3IDYMvVmwYMKwYrMtV/MClIv18dT/OWpgW4yY3u8Lo9srn/od0UzCX8zL0SWH0qWsKRy8Y8tVTEBgYu+rX+0BCfWc9g9R793N5CZGH0e4UU97pUniVnV4hlZ3KKMsNcbbsiI1ZHqGUayKPuQYPSdjE5rZb/Umze0byveMfC0zp49WxsW8ewGmGdYfzpXnhnsJR9N9texRe8Fkg59932Ieoyxffsv3/vYPCzySut1OBkc15HW8W3Juego8q1j++nUAL02t5/l2OP3y1n/Am2cgn0xM/BWn3BCCCFtx2mFKgakx8Zdu3ZNW+PN2H8IN0NrPOYh7AwhZPbD1zjTPhBCCLL0ztmVIF/PDRb3sGItW7QvScXKN1ZZbEaVDrny4sgmUQkBC3EIgfrxlADNCAtxA6E5anWUzp9iCWAkRVpyIEkW70/S/82t36JQec5a3yeWGCmqaH3CIWTdHbw0XL61RCAyz8LeGu+rIc3j1jUJTAOSR2E/917KFo/wpn0EP1qVdwjz6w23CzJkD0YiJkTLQKTm5jZ5FoODguWTEbvl99+ekklbWj6mKMay7bcozDpu7jrGLcbCdSaQeTcpu1qmbImVbkPcteEBDREPExyjvtY5RQPJnB8SbKWkrRx0z1FvKryqGCoo1bp/CCGE3B9OK1QJIeRRBWIOoZ/oC4osu0iUBPGy/kSazN+TqJ5TiFZ4T5+xBC08hvDSwtOK8jfGNS1/t6RIEJQYwgSi+H6wH0YVGY2x3ldGesuei9ly2D1XZm6P1wy92B6E4KKiHmeJ78D4Mt1WhBAjkVNA3J3HPjUe1b1HLskvXxgtf91lsAyfvEIbKJFxGA2X9wJhwPj9V63tiEi5t8f3hrVj8Ngiw3Bp1TVbafuAoUoSsqrlqGeufL87UYeQMcPPwOs7zypzBqZujdNrBGO5NjiZuO9sILP2s0Ot688Wnh+cwKguQgi5X5xaqAYGBmpSDgxCbw8qLej7hDDgbdu2qZc1LS1NM1AiJBihZUjYQQghzkhh2VXtc/qSJeresCq1CBfE+Iu19U19N+EBvRRSKDN3xGu48GGPpnDWc4EFlthpqgxDBKLv6XfzQxwavLXwiKbl1ep324PKmgbNaAzPEcKUIUL/YAkdiC+IMNPnEb8LDyf64kKQQ9xiH09459nW5JiDHsXy3IhAeXOMu4TEZOqzHc9/RM2EhYXJpk2b5PLly9rPtbl4zS+7pp4seFXXHE21ld4OxGlqbo2K7FFrIuXdCX4aygzP9fF7bFtLqai5rsmKINhxfNCYgOODY4D+tC7LIyS/1DmG1EHDAzz0uPZKKttXrD9urDqSon2PXx/ro5EM6KtOCCHk/uhQoYoKxqVLl6Rfv37yySefSI8ePeTLL7+Uw4cPax/UuwHhOWjQIPnnf/7nW8mUDBCpM2bM0H6pgwcP1r6rGFcVmX8RUoZQYfs+T4QQ4my4bohWEdfkaWsaE9QR9h7N7KI6eWucj4oxiNgCS/BCfDm0Dur/CLGMfo2olGPom0FLwmXl4RRxCytS4WPCHyFkXx/jrfsFIQRvJ0RujU2MO8J1fYwKuyHLIqX51iMZEzK7o3Fy/vz5OhwOxCq6f+B5f6OxQb7flyFdXPzlm3kQ6DXqMYUl59RoWPKo1ZG3wpchHhF+rQmvLGEBIX3QLefWd1pqSEyF/8YjuekUxJ+7dNeEWb4aMr1wX6Kc8ctXLyvEt7OAzMKaNdkS6wgtJ20HnnPcE4iOwLBAey7dvY5DCCHk3nSYUD1//ry8+eabMnLkSM3AiwRHs2bN0grGuHHj5LnnnpO9e/fe8aWNFnT0T8VYqZGRkbbSJoYPHy7+/v76GSJ1woQJOiQNhrIJDw9nGmhCiNNzyD1PM9vCAwPBesKnwDbn7oSnVIl7+J3DaB8E3tFlcjGk2BLOt3sGG26I9F8UrmIV4nvk6qa+rJdCStTjinKfaMfbXlHTKF/NDrLEo5usOOzYI2oP3h0mNBjZhLdt2SADx8yX37y3UJ7rf8QSpP7ytqu/CtO3XAPk+eG+8vQgDM/jJe9M8JdRa2LkoHUOjnsXyOczg3X8SwhsXb41Ns7HMl/1op70yZNPpvqr+BuzLsYSyHU/E9zORGRatSb7wvXnbte3mLSeaVvjtMEDQhUe1RWHU2xzCCGEtJUOE6oY+xSDwN8JJM9AMo27eT6RNMnROKoYPxVhYODChQvi4uKi3tuNGzfK+vXrdX5zL+zdQEUHg9ljYHoajUbraCsqzBePwFQNO0XfzjfGeItfWJqWO1re3irLCqW6okgKCu69bEdYfn6eVJcXSU1lkZSWFOh2oAzzyorz5cjleA0nRdKgs96JVlmBJCRnySdT4Mn0lBlbo3Q/zXdgxUX54hmSLq9aognD6ew9FyclVpmZ39wQTZOfj3Xk62e8TxIS4uXCpcvy/Gdz5ZfvrLAEr4f87uvD8mT/K/JPXx2QZ/sfkyFLQ2XTiQTxDErS9VRZ+1FXWSwXfRPlXVcv9bIikZUmtGqFGa8svMhIfoVxXT2CUqz1F0qh3fFxJissyJPw2Az5cLKfda48Zcn+WCksbLq2yksL9Rzhf1xKnhxyy5C45KZpR+t6nK3AOre5uXkyfHmIdB/upUIV/8etDdfz7oznnkajPTjD+4k5gNpOh/dRDQgI0PFO//jHP6onFH2LWkOvXr0kMfH2xBMICUYIGDh48KAMGzZMPxumTp2q/VdbClrjMUYr9p9Go9E62spLSyS/sES+mRskv+tzRfouCJGCohIps8odLd9ZDNtfXlYmF4MLxCOsQCoryrSsorxU5u2KtQSdh3w0yVeS0i1RW/bT9yrKS2TnjwkqUtGPMzA6V8vs130vw5Bk9bXVEptRK8d8S+W4V64c88yS4975sm77URk1drK4uk6Qnds2WmIfIrtYGzgrKypEblyT1JxqOelboH1VW2tbzqRrmC9CPxFOvHhvvFSWl1kvWMfb6gyGbSuyrrmv5wRpX9rXRnvJt3N8ZPEPoeIVkib5BUUSHJ0pPaZ4W2LcXf+HxmRJdWWZw/U9robjmJtXJP0XBmv4OITqiyO8pc/8IL2+Sh18h0ajPT6G5wC6JJK20aFC9ejRoxrii9Dc6dOn6zinXbt2vRW2ezfg5QwODpbu3bvL/v37NZwX/VD37dun0+iPCq/qwIEDVbRiWYQb4/93330nXl5etjURQohzctovX4ePufAYJF7BuK4vDvdUz6OjMOeF+5I1Ay2SQNVe7YCA2ZuNkpOdJYGBAbeGP0PocHZ2tnYdyc2+v7FEI1MqZMDiME0kVdLOWYQ7EvTLRfbpJpHtYf1H+LO/hm33+j5Mnh/mpSHbCI3+Zl6YZDUL9yZWfaX+pnz3fagKVWT8hWcdSdBq6pkrgxBC7ocOE6roXwpPqqenp62kCSRCgkf0XgklENK1YcMGWbVqlaxbt05DcyMiIuTMmTM6HyIY8836EWaMZRH6GxQUpGWEEOLsPC7DgtRfuyHfzgvWREbItoukQ8iQCxpv3NSkTBCqkzbHallHg64lAKFZu3btkmXLlsncuXM1zwHm1da2PlsyXmtIZNXZyCyo1aF0xq2Plvcm+mkfW4RBQ7wiPH30migVYBguaeCSMKmuu3NCrMeR4oprOqQUhCrGREaCtPcn+WlCL0IIIW2nw4Qq+rpMmTLFNvUTyMqLTL1tqQQQQgjpvJzxK9CERRCryIz6zbwQcQsr1iF0PrQq9ujrufN8pm3pBw9CtPCOQncQ9H3FewpZhg8dOqRJ/RBe/KiTYROtY9dF6xBKuy9kaWMKGhbgDYeIXX2EiYLsQebnd1395IXhXjJ5c6wlUv01kzLHUiWEkPujw4QqhgxA1t/PP/9c+vfvr0PUIEz3ww8/lDfeeKNFA7gTQgh5tAhPrtBhYpAFGMIUyaQw7utrY7y1ou8fW2Zb8uEDzypyJCCCB2N0HzhwQBMA4sUJHvXxuuEFN0CsQrx2GdSUNMozov1zWnRWUnJqbiVG22wJeoTzd7ME/cVgjqVKCCH3Q4cJVbzMd+zYoQmU0DfV2KhRo3Qc1ZaAzL0YzsZUCgwIGz527JgsX75cW7oNp0+f1rK7DXtDCCHk4YLw2NO++dJzTpB6VyFa4Wn9eEqAeqecFTSw4t2Chlhw5coVWbBggWzdulVzJTzqwjWrsM46R03D73w+I1CKKjpPX9yOJDypQq9fJFI6458vveYFa1Kt1UdblzySEELI7XSYUMXL/E5Dz6Slpd3qH3Qn0Oe0b9++8utf//pnQ81AnE6aNElSUlJ0mYsXL2oyjPHjx2sZQouRcIkQQojzUlbdIOtPpMs7E/zkn3pfkRGrIp163NHmIBkThh5A8j70c0WXF4QHI8MjwobxrkO+hkeJiyFF2hfz6UHusuxgsq308cY7qkQTTmFc3diMapmzK0H7+PZZECrXG9hoTgghbaXDhCqE6IgRIzTBkQGZfDHGKcY9vZfHEy95tFr36dNH+wbZM3LkSPHx8dHP8Kwiq/DMmTPl8uXLWnbu3DlN2NRSIKjRUk6j0Wi0B2ONjej+gcbMmxKdWi5bT6dKbFq5vjscLe+M5qgxFl5VGIZiQ0QQDJE+0dHRKmzR/7V5Q21n2Wecs5s3G2XqlhgN24YHMSa9Qm7e6DznrL0Nx+SMX55GBbw3wVfyimvlhHeObcgfHwlPKpMbneiaptFo7W/3cs6RO9NhQhVkZWWp0Jw3b56KzS+++ELGjRvX4vAoiNmePXtKVFSUraQJiF0MTQMgTjFUzdChQ28Ne4MQLPxuS4EgTk5O1tZvGo1Goz04S09Pk/ycTCkrypa8nAyHy3QmQzQQDO8/eFtDQ0Pl+PHjmqEe/V3x7kpKSpI9e/ZoN5iQkBDJzMy89d3m63M2y81OF6+gJHlrnI90HeIpI1cGS3ZmumRY59HR8o+65eWky8aj0fLsUC/5cLKfhMckS1BEsrw1vun4LN8X8Uhc1zQarW2GSE9klydto0OFKrIn4mXdq1cv+au/+itZsWKF/kZrMidiiJv4+HjbVBNIyuTr66uf4VFFyC+8qugvBM6ePUuPKo1Go9EeqjVvRTdl8KyiuwqGxJkxY4Zs375drl69qlFHmNccZ/K4NloGD+q646nqVe0+3FPO+udaW/l4vkfhUd16Jk37pGLs1Irqq1qOMPanBriJy7LwW8vZf49Goz0+Ro9q2+lQoQqv5t/93d/JP/3TP8lf/MVfyFNPPSW//OUv1SN6LxAeBYH68ssvy8mTJ9ULC4/piRMn9KWO8F94QeFNRUs1sjLiM1oukMAJApYQQghxZiBQMRQOQB9XNJyiawvGBEd0UHZ2tlNWcsqrr0vPOU3j4iLLbW7xVducx49VR1LliX5XpNf3IdJwo6lb046zGSrk3x7vK5kFj3aSLUII6Sg6VKhWV1dLWVmZhtaizyk8qZhG+b3IycnR1uZZs2bpsADwzAYEBOjwAABiFfPPnDmj0+CHH37QMoRZEUIIIZ0RjOcKkYoxXNG/NT8/X72teJfC4+os45D7x5bqkCwQZK4bYnQIm7sRn1kl+y5ny+6LWZqA6FFh/u5E+X3fKzJ4abitRCQmrVJeGumtY88y6RQhhLSNDhWqEJMIy0Wio4ULF8rUqVPF1dVVywkhhBByb5CvAdmDYUVFRbJkyRJZuXKlZsBHP9iHyfrjaepV7WYJsr2Xsm2lPwfjrr7j6itPDHCTP/Rzk+eHecqCvYlSU9/5x1SfujXW2qcrMm5dtK1E5HrDDRm7NqopPNra14NuObY5hBBCWkqHCtXFixdr/9S3335b/vzP/1y+++47+frrr9VD2hIQ7puRkeEw7Amty5hnsi7iRY5WaJPEwlE2RkIIIaSzg+FvkGQQw7Ah0ggC1iTrQGImE0r8IKitb5RBS8NVkL05zleiUpvGmLXHK7JY3rDmwbv42hhveW+in2bJhcAdtTpSCko7b9gwBjAYYwnSJ/q7yawdt+fTyC2ul69mY6xgD/U8u4cX2+YQQghpCR0qVA3oa9q/f3/bVMtApqyJEyeqqB0zZsxt24YXNPqoYh6yCCNpU1BQkHz88cfa0rxu3boWZxYmhBBCOjNomDXhwMjXgEZieFyRVRiJPBAu3JH9XOMyqrQvJsRq/0VhUl33k5c0r6RePp7iL10tsfbmOB+5HFIkuVYZvJBdh7irWP1mXrDEW+vojNRfuyGDl4XLk5ZQXXrg5yG+selV8r4lzLta+/mOq59E2wl5hEEPWxEhydn37g5FCCGPIw9EqCYkJMiAAQNsUy1j2rRpcuTIEf08ZcoUFZ8GrMskSxo7dqwcPHhQEyohxJgQQgh53IFn1QztBg8rkjahAfjixYuaAwICtj054pkvzw31UuG5/NBPgm3J/iR5epCbvDraRy6F/lTHQG/WNcfS5YXh3upx/GCSn3hGdD6PY039Dfnu+xB5coCbbD6dYSu9He/oMnl9rJ/uJzIDl1Rek+ScGnlppJf8rvdlmbsrwbYkIYQQezq8j+rkyZPl22+/lV/96lf6GcPI3KuPKl6gyBgMgQvQD2fUqFH6GcCbunTpUn3Zohye1YiICPnggw80UyLGVm0NyDCMfj8IHabRaDQarTMbXuyINELiQrzXYSiLjo7W5EyIVpo+fbqO6YrlETaMZRCJhDBifBeJD5uv906m6y8plhErmsJcXx7lLVeCcyU0vkDDgZ+xyiauD5WaqlJdFt8pLyuRyvJSHYP0peEe+r3XLDG771KGVFaUSVlp03IPysrLSqW+plwqrG1yNN+RlVn7kJheID2mB8gzgzxk84kEa59u327sb01lqWw9HivPuXhINxdPGbEqQkatidShfRASjKzJKZlFekzsv0uj0Tq/QV+guwZpGx0qVOfPny+ffvqp9lPF2KdfffWVTs+bN8+2hGMQpgRxi8HRAcKXIE4NyIA4d+5czfCL5fDiRR9VCNvAwED58ssvb8sGfC8QMgXRi5c1jUaj0WiPoqHCZLLxx8bGSmpqqmBIN7w7k5KS9J29Zs0aHZMcZeY7+A+vLMx+ffZWWpwvMUl58sm0AE2U9NY4L3nP1UteGO6loa8R8bm6jP13Cgvypaq8SM75ZclHkwNUrD7r4i6Ld4dJSdHty3a0paRly7HLsZKQkuVwviMrKsyX8LhMecfVx9p2T9l7LvFn+wjDfhYXFcqKgwny7FBPFajwpkKkwp4f5iW7Tsc98H2m0Wgdb0h419766nGiw4RqS5IZQVzeCQhbhCgBvDwhStHHBq299gwePFjOnTt3WxgTsgvD40oIIYSQe4N3NhqH8d6FWDWNvfAIAIQOt4SLwYWaARjJhZ7o7y6/73dFtv3oOCTWHvRz/XpusCZcenOcn6Tl19vmPBg2nc6UJwd6yNKDqbaSlpFubeero72l6xAPcQ+/ex2q0aoWzdgeb4laZAL20jDgb6x9xvSEjbG2pQghhBg6TKjCC4p+pshIiHAitOLCEGYbGRkpM2bMkC1bttxR0GIMOYT/btq0ScN70QKMdS5YsECSk5Nl69atMmnSJBWkELxoAYandsOGDTJixAj1kBJCCCGkbeDdijBgcOrUKW00Rtcdf3//uyZnOu6VJ4v3J8mSA8kqUq9ea1kWfojVN8b6yNOD3GXDyTRbaceD8V+RBApDzPReECpXr7d81IDwpAp5eaSXvDjCS/xjSm2ld6aqtkFGrY5ST2pAbJmOKdvF2l8M3bP3Upb4Weu4cZdGfEIIeZzoMKGKECGE58Lj2a1bN/mHf/gH+c1vfiO//e1vpWfPnpoECYkd7gaGn0Eor3lRQqwWFhbqdqIcgtcAARwcHKzlzPhLCCGEtB+IWsLwb25ubnLgwAHtc1VZWamGdzTe13gP3y+uG6LlqQFu8vXcIKmp77hMxfYgM3GPaQHy3FAP+eOMQGu65cPleEWVyAvDPVVgOxqaxxEQwoVlTb+RmFWtHtkXLKH79EB39cz+cCFL5xFCyONOh/ZRNSDzIAQkhCSGkaGQJIQQQjo3EKbIKQGRiugm2MaNG7W/K6Kl2pJZ+HxgoY6x+rxl5wIfzHiwYUkV8pIlFCEYXx/jrZ7dlnIuoECTJL0/wU+Sc1o/zAycp/N+SFCPLH4f/VfftdaVVXh7PQnrPuyeI5M2x8rygymSxCFtCCGPAQ9EqLYVd3d3DTNC+HBzzp8/r/Mgfg0QwyhDiy8hhBBCHhzl5eX6TkZEFbysSMSEZIUXLlyQ8PDwFmW+xBisX80OUqH6wSR/6bcwTMOHazvQu3rcO88Sm56WSPXRRFBekS0fJueQJR4xRuyn0wIkt7htHuXrDTdUmHpav/vmWB8NBZ6zK8ES0OWy63ymuCyP0NBg9GV9aqCbel7fGu8rC/cmUbASQh5pnFaoHj9+XIeyQV9VZAuGCDVs3rxZQ4e9vLzkiy++0OyF8NQiM7CPj4/07t1bEywRQggh5OGBBIhodF65cqXmpsAY6Oj7isiqO+WoQP/Uf+lzRccmRRgwBNqoNVFyPqhQLocUSVperW3J9mHJgST14r5uiUQI5ANXsm1z7s2Oc5nWNrprYqSK6uu20razaF+SCl+I5tfGeMszlmjFccB/lPVdGCofTfZXsQp7c5yPrDueJtcssUsIIY8aD0SoIs09svYiDT6GlsGYp/di2LBht7ylSKiExEwGCFdPT0/9jORK69atk8WLF8uPP/6oZSdPnpShQ4fqZ0IIIYQ8fCBMkWcCoPIB/Pz8NBIKjdImw3D1VZH1JzNl4b4UGb0uVl4Y7iPPuniqWEMfzvcm+snYddFy2CNXUnJr9Dv3w/CVkepJRT9TCNblh1Jsc+7N97sT5Q/93aT3gjBpD6lYWH5dPpoSKE8N9LS2ydva1wAZsy7GEsTZEp9ZI3XXbkp6Qb0sO5gq708K0OzB8AZHprSsfywhhHQmOlyoou8KvJ5IomT6riDB0t36rqAFFmOvYllw5MiR28ZR3bZtm2YE3rVrl46Z+v3338v48ePF19dX58PT2rdvX/3cEpB2HwcCYUs0Go1Go9Ha35B4qaamRj8jDBj/MSQOMgpjSJw5c+ZoVv/cnCypLi+U6/WVkpdfIKuPJMrH08PltTG+8tIITw2NfdIShxh39b0JTaIVIbgpWeXWd6qkssLx7zc3LJeWXSxfzArUcU3hwcSYpmPXRljbZ22jg+8Yw3ez80s1TPmZQR4ydVOEVFU6XrY1Vl1VIWe8LIG+wl82H4+R0Lgcq35SJg1Xq+VqbaXOr6up1M9XAjPk7fE+0m2Ip2w/k2LNc7xOGo328AyJYE1SWNJ6Olyo7tu3TwUqEirt3btXRWj//v31ZXUn0OqK8F2E9II9e/bImDFj9LMBXlmkyEcI8M6dO2Xy5Mni4eGh8y5duqS/0VIwbE5mZqYOaUOj0Wg0Gu3BGPqzoiKHygj6tGKAfDRSZ2VlaX6KWTOnybw5s2Tm/NXy45Vg8Y3Ikk0nU2Toigh5b1KQdHPxkicHuKtYfHe8l2w/GSnFhbmSm+v49+ytMD9H3AKSNYnRa6N95F1XX3lxhLd8932gpKVn3XUd+O4p9wR5cbiXej4PXkqUogLHy7bWSovypKqsQMpL8qXE+pyfl/uzZfLzYLnSb2Gwel/Hrg6xfv/ny9FotIdreJbh2UbaRocLVYhNeFAhHOFZxZio6Kdyp74phpkzZ2o4L1pdXVxc5OzZsxpCjD6o8MZiDDe0vH799dd6IaDfKvq0otVi4sSJ6nUlhBBCSOcFDclIxHTsyEFJTmxqvK4qL5Sr1xrkjFu4LN8XKSNWRcv7U8Is0eqpQnP9yQxdriVcDC6WbkM85P1JfuK6IUY9q5/NCNQQ3Hux+miaJRLd5eMpAVJYds1W+mBZfihZ+7B+Nz9Uaq9y/FVCyKNFhwtVEBoaKj169JDXXnutRSIVQHDOnj1bx2KFRxVArKK/anR0tMybN08FqenvisQMixYt0nJ4cNuSFp8QQgghzgsaqZvGa70pp08elTUrFsnqNatl6qI98tn0AHnOxV26DnYT94h7ZxgGa46lalKiPgtCNYkShqlB0qK4zHuH6iGxEZI9TdgYYyt58JwNKJCuQ9zltdHeEt+CbSaEkM5EhwtVvFQiIyNtU019VuEGJ4QQQgi5X9JSUyQpPkoyC2rkk3Gn5en+F+WP447K5UvnJT8v744N1+l5tTqszNMD3WTy5liJTa/UMOBnXTxuDVGDcU5Dk8rFM6JYvKNKbhkSOUHQIkPvEevzwyIpu0aHroFX+IRXnq2UEEIeDTpcqF65ckWGDBmig4KDy5cva79SCNiWgDHY7kTzeUh5jzJ4V/GZEEIIIY8PPwYUSPfhPvKHr/fJNyOWyIplizXhIrINI3Ei6gfgmlUFGb0+WZ4d6iuvjPSWoPgyKa28pmG8yC58wjtPbljViO/3JGgmYAyRAzFoDGIW3lcMD9MemYfbSv21G9J7fqg80d9N5v2QYCslhJBHgw4XqhgzDX1MTbgvxjv97LPP9IVxN5CmHmG/CP9FOK+9KEXyBYQQYz6GrcF2x8TEyDfffKNly5cvv6vAJYQQQsijR4OlLkesipQuLj7y1bwoKau+oXUECFRk4KysqLCsVPqPWSJ//9Zc+afPd8qaI4n63WsNoiHA8JLO3BkvC/cmSTdLkHYfhr6vXj8zDJUzy1ruYTeLQ6Cin+rAxWFy9TrHUyWEPDp0uFBFIoQRI0bI008/LV26dJGuXbuqeL0XGB9169at+hnfx1A0BiRZQgspgAg+fPiwDkkzadIkLSOEEELI40lAXJm8NNJb+24ecxAOez4gT37/xQ75f2/Pl5c/myQXLl6UmzcsQVtcpCK32+Ar+v0XxwTLi6MCZdTqKIlIqZC4jKpbFgtLr5K6qy2LDutIjnjmqhf47fG+kp7PRnpCyKPDA0mmBDw9PTUZUnx8vK3kzsD72q9fv1vLHjhw4LbhacLCwuSTTz6RlStXiqurq2431v/BBx+oaDXD2hBCCCHk8aLxhsjAJeHqZRy9Nkr7mRrSLCGH8N7nhvvLF3OjJa/MJjSthSrKy2S/W5787atT5RfdBsnfvDxJPhqxR8qqHk5G35YSnVYlr43BeKoecsYv31ZKCCGdnw4Tqhg3ddasWSogn3/+eXn11VflzTfflG7dusnQoUNtSzkG/Vl79eqlY6mBI0eOyMiRI/UzwHA0X375pa73q6++kuzsbPXcoj/syZMndRgcb29v29L3BhmG09LSNNETjUaj0Wi0zmmZlhXmZ8nK/RHSdYinvDXOV3xCUqW4IEtS0jJl8NJQLX9xhKccvBBjlWfrOOqwbKtukZKaIWc9ouTwyYuybetm2bJpnWSkp2hSSAyJh4ZyPz8/SU9P17ERc3Nzb33f0fZ0tGVlZUhScrp8PdtfnhnkKRPXh0tuDrbH8fI0Gu3BGp4V6LJI2kaHCVWsOCQkRB/kP/74oxw9elTt0KFDLRKR8Kj6+vrqZ3hO0ffU0LdvXzl9+rR+Rhgwxma1B/1XFy5caJu6NxDGELo1NTU0Go1Go9E6sdXX1UhMaom87epriTcP2XA8UaSxThbtidFwYIy3uuFkqtTX10pt7e3frbOmbzYih0aTpxURXijHmO74j+HxUB+ZPn26rFmzRhvUUX+AmdwY+A76xNqvtyOtztrfhXvj5emBHvL5jADJKSh3uByNRnvwhmeDSeJGWk+Hh/4GBwfL3r17bVMt58SJEypW0Z910KBBOqTNqVOn9MWwefNmFafwnqL/KsrRwrlhwwYN/e3fv7/ExcXZ1kQIIYSQxw2E/SLhUY/pgTJ2fYy8Oc5Pug52l9FroqSh8f5SIKHyieSQyCaMqCx4TK5duybnz59X7+u9Eka2N1fCiuU5Fw9N8hSaWGkrJYSQzk2HC1V3d3f53e9+Jzt27FCP6v79+zUcuCUEBgaqGDXjrsJ9jtZMAK8s5kVEROh0WVmZTsPy8jiWGCGEEPI4c9InX57s76aJhn7f94o8NcBdx03NLmp/7waGxKuvr5czZ87I6tWrdUQCRJOhHF4VM/JBR5FXUq99b58e6C4bTqTZSgkhpHPT4UIVfVVfeeUVzfqLjL+///3vZdiwYba5hBBCCCHtDzLyLt6fJMjkO3ZtlIxaEyVB8eW2uR0LPKqoU0GooiEdQvXSpUs6ggFGKUC3qPZm3LpoTSDlsjzcVkIIIZ2bDheqHQleAIQQQgghzg7ChN3c3DTCDF2YEDJcWVmpIcMNDQ3S2Hh/Q93suZSl3uM3xvjIon1JkphVbZtDCCGdkw4VqkgygCFjunfvLhcuXLCVtgw8vJctW6ZJC5BMCQ9yA1onMc4qxlLFfyQ5QEIk9FGdN2+ezJ8/X0NtCCGEEEKcETS2o/6C+g2G1ZszZ47WY5B3oy1ZQpNzauStcT4qVrtYhozHU7bEim90iVxr+Cn0+Ib1u0c8cmX72QynGAeWEELuRIcJVTx4v/vuO5k5c6Zs2rRJPvroI+1j2lIgUteuXat9PgYPHqxjqRqWL19+Kwsw5qHvK5Iv4SGPcJtJkyZp0iVCCCGEkM4AGthNAsqUlBRtgIcXFp7WhISEFjXAR6VWycydCfLuRH8dhgdZj5FgafCycDnlky+5xfWy8kiKdBnsoYJ22IoIyShoylZMCCHORocJVTxcR48ebZsS9XKaIWXuBfpyDBgwQFsYARIwjR07Vj8DHx8f+fzzz2Xfvn0yYcIEHVfV1dVVPDw8dD7GU0Xm35aCkBu8AJBankaj0Wg0Gu1BGxrmTZcmNPYjszDCgxFFtnXrVk3QhPHpEaGGOgvm4z/qMAD/MbROw/V6iUwqlEV7ouTDSd7SbYiHPDXQXboP85RPpgXIK6O8pftwT3luqKd0tQTrH2cESlBciVy7WmdtB+tCNFp7Gu5R3NukbXSYUMUD9NVXX5UuXbrIm2++Kb/4xS/k17/+tbzwwgu3iU5H4AHdq1cvDR0GR44ckZEjR+pngO389NNP5V/+5V90OTzEXVxcbo27ikQFGGu1peBFkJqa6nCgXhqNRqPRaLSHZZmZmTqaAeopGEnh3LlzkpaWpnUelCFUGH1eMZ2dnS1Z1vLFhblSWpQrUfHpsvVkgvRfFCbPW0IVXtSnLRuyNFQW7omVV0Z7q1jtMdVHouNTJSvL8TbQaLS2Ge7V/Px8m+IgraXDhCpaBS9evCjr16/X0N/du3fLzp07Zd26dZq+/V5AaGKMMoDvzJgxQz8DhPtifFWAfqoIL8bg28Zji1Dg4cOH62dCCCGEkEcN433FsH3wuC5cuFAWL14s5eXl6smpq7t9GB7/+Gpx3RArkzbHSlF50zivB9xy5IXhTZ7VrWcytIwQQpyFDk2mdD8grHfQoEEqdhHGm5ycrK2IaDVcsWKFhvwiex7CiyFa4UX99ttv5fLly/o9hAcTQgghhDwOQLiiUoc+rUjShGgxeFg3btwo587+KKlJsXKj8afElIbx66PVy/reBL8OGWOWEELaitMKVYAxxyBYkUQAxMfHi7+/v37GQNqYZy9I8RllYWFhthJCCCGEkMcTJGSKjIzUSDMkqQwI8LfEaqN6XSFsGxquSWJOvbw/OVSeH+4vAxeHiW90qe3bhBDycHFqoUoIIYQQQtoHeFshXo1Q3bVzpyxZNF8+HrBYfv3xJs0G/PJIHxm7Nlr8Yitt3yKEkIfDAxGqyNr7xhtviKenp4bw2g81czfQCRmZfJuPJ4Z1oByGVO4YcxUPXvRpRRkSCmCaEEIIIYQ4BkP6ZWVlivuVi7Jo7QH5YmaQ/KHXEXlqwBXp2uewDJl3VnzoYSWEPCQ6XKhCPGI81d69e2tiJWSuQ5/Te6VqDgwM1P6n27dv1+8is50B69y1a5f88MMP0r17dxWmKHv//fe1/ODBg/rwJYQQQgghLaO44prsOJsuX84Jk998slH+5xP95Rdd+kvvEQukoLBIl8EQgoQQ8iDocKEK0bhhwwbtI4H+o/CO9unT52fZ6Jozbtw4HQ8VIIvdggUL9LM9RUVF8vXXX6v39OzZszrGGCGEEEIIaTulVQ2y90qRfGUJ1i79z8g/fLhexq70lZKyGqmprtKxIVHvioqKumd9jhBC2kqHC1X8wJgxY+TJJ5+U3/zmNxoCDE/o3YDwRAbfxMREnW4+jqph/vz5snLlSv2MEOAvvvhCh6tBZmCMxdpS8MDNysqSnJwcGo1Go9FotMfWcnNzpKgwT8pLCiQ6Pl1clgbK8yMCpNtQb5mxNUryrPmpqcmyZs0aHRpw0qRJcvjwYY2Yw/j3ubm5UlxcrP1gYXAqOPodGu1xMGTexv1A2kaHC1WE4MbGxmrYLzyjaIG7F+jsj3Bhk+0XXtlRo0bpZ0NZWZmG+kJgGiBO8UBEqPC9xLA92EbsO9ZJo9FoNBqNRiuT+poKKSgul7Fro+RZF095ZZSXBEblSGVlhdbV0I0LAhXiFPUvdNNCpdzU+U6dOiUxMTG6LohW/MfQOTD736HRHlWD0MJQUaRtdLhQvXDhgowdO9Y21XJGjBihocJg4sSJsmPHDj3haJ0AeAhiGYP9tsODi3HDCCGEEELI/ZGWVyNvjvORZwa5y8ZTGbbSOwPRiu5bmzZt0lwj6NeK6DX8Zw4RQkhL6XChirFN/+zP/kzefvtt+eyzz9QLOmvWLNvcO5OSkiJDhgzRUF4YwoERWjJ37lydDw+r/Riq7u7u2q8V8+fNmyfV1dW2OYQQQggh5H6YsDFGnhroJj3nBEt1XYOttGVgKBx4leCFhYcVdTU4HC5evNghdU9CyKNBhwvVzMxMWbdunSxZskQNSZEQytsSEMprPzQNHnANDU0PR0fDzyDcpPlQNoQQQggh5P64FFIkzw/zlGddPOR8YKGttPVAtCJCLiIiQuuDcExAxKL+hsRM6C6G+YQQ0uFCFeChhM7E+fn57FRMCCGEENLJqKlrlK/nBsvTg9xk6IoIqb/WfsPUwBEBBwQEKhJimug4b29vnd+aBJmEkEeHDheq+IEePXrIX/7lX8pf//Vfy1/91V+pZ/VewHOKMVHRGf/AgQO20ibc3Nx0HcuWLZOpU6dKeHi4liM7MJbftm2bPvQIIYQQQkj7sOVMhjw10F2eG+op07bGSd3VjqlrwbMaHx+v3lX0a4WTA2CMfXT1QrQeIeTRp8OF6okTJ2TRokVy+fJlWbFihY6nij6nJoT3TmzZskWXQ1ZfZAC2zxaMbHFIqoTscq+++qrExcXpfCRdQvnQoUNblfWXEEIIIYTcnaraBhm3Llq6DHZXm7+7aRjBjgaReQDjtiI50/Lly7VbGeqtELVM0ETIo0mHC9WTJ09qBl6kLkcCJC8vL+nXr99dB4jGA2nw4MH6QAIQna6urvrZHohfLAfGjx+v0wCZhgcOHKifCSGEEEJI+1B79aa4bojT4Wq6D/MUn6iO6TZ2LzDcDbyt+I+Mwujrunr1avnxxx91eENHuUwIIZ2LDheq6enp2s8AwEP661//+tawM3cCfRF69eqlA0cDhPSOHDlSP9szYMAAOXfunH7u37+/+Pr66mf0aejTp49+bgm1tbUqpNGHlkaj0Wg0Go3m2EqLCyQuKUs+muQjXQZ7SP9FoZKbVyAlVrmj5e/XSooLpaay+Lb1FxYW3kqgiaFwMI0oO9QJV65cqcMiuru5SXFhjmRnJEthQb7OLy+v0FEhUPm1/w0araMM4wzjeiNto8OFKkBrV2Jioj4kgoOD9aFyLyA0kREOoM8pwnrtQQjxRx99dKuD/fDhwzXNOThz5swtT2tLgHfXPPRoNBqNRqPRaHe2qooS2XcxTfuqdnPxkHVHoqW6ssSyUqsu6fg7za3EsoqyEqko/7mVW+W6jLWuuOQc2Xo8ShJSc++6btRhkT0Y9cImMVosJ91iZduxEBUMWzevl6lTJsr6dWt0eEN8B8mb8B/11MrKSq0U26+TRrtfg77A9UXaRocLVawT3tG/+Zu/kd/85jfy93//9y3ydq5du1ZbxBD+i1DhkJAQ9ZTu3btX56MfKvq8Gvbv368eVozPhXmnT5+2zSGEEEIIIe3JtYabMnBJmDwzyF1eH+src39IkqScWtvcllF37aZU1d34mV21S2MycVOc/Es/d5mxPcFW0jJS8+vl3YmB8vxwH5m9K0mSs8olOj5Nzl+4JH4+7roMvF3obob/GRkZWkYIcR46XKgimRIEJFqq0HKFH0SLV0tA1t81a9bcSk8eEBAgx48f18+HDh362Ziphw8f1uVNODAhhBBCCOkYghPK5f2JfipWYW+7+srSA8mSVXjnPCSGIx658tEUf/lgkr98NPknw/QXs4LkUkihXAwu1LFbXx7pJS9Y/70iWza8IVIvTd4cK92GeMgLw73kuaEe1noDpMeMEBmzPkm8Y6ptC6If603Nn4Luad/PmydbtmySaqueitEjOIIEIQ+XDhOq6NiO1ilk4x00aJAkJyersERfUPwoIYQQQgjp3GTk18qifYny5jgfeWZgk2D90BKcm06lS0ml4/FPMQbr5zOD5FkXD+lqickn+rvdsicHuKnAxPqwnldGecuLlth83hKb/ReFyfWGe4/f6hlRrImeIHB7zQuRV0d7yx/6X9F1YxsxD9mLI1Mrbd9ooqKsSAICg+Vafa2KVXQNQ90VCZowwkRLHS2EkPahw4TqqVOn5Je//KX84z/+o46f+qtf/UoTKf3iF7/Q4WYIIYQQQsijQUxapY6t+vIoLxWDGL7my1lBEp9p817akZJTI+9O8FNv59StsfLDhaxbtu3HDOkxPVBF7CvWut4a56ui8rXRPpZY9ZTlB5OloubOQxzW1jdKP0vQQjB/YYnh3OJ68Yoske1nM2SrtW4IV2xbU8iyjyyz1ldQdlVu3LTqrn5F4rIyTrafy7KtrcnxgujAVatWyYIFCzTXCjytFK2EdDwdJlSRSRdjmsIQ+w9D53aEALfkd9Bn4OjRo5q9DS1ZzUlLS5MlS5bogwOdldHihfFaMY0xWO82/A0hhBBCCGl/AuPLZMzaKHl5pLc8NcBNJm+Ktc35CbewYhWdL430kuhmXk0QkVyhIcC/+faSTNgYYwnT6zJsRYR6RCFgv5sfImcDCqSg9Ko0QmHasfFkmnpkn7XssEeurfQniiuuydpjqfL2eF8Vq10t0fr13GAZvjJSw4y7Dra+a/3GpZCfJ/6EOEU9FuO2IkIQ7N69W5N++vv7a9ImQkj70WFCFUBsNjQ0tXphrKs5c+bI0qVLdfpe4MafMWOGhlp8/fXX4ubmZpsjmj24b9+++lDAZzwwEGL87bffqoDFkDjsV0AIIYQQ8nBYtC9JuqDf6ngfSc27PcnSznOZKmI/tMRoUbnj8GB4Yrf9mCn5lhgF6fm1MnpNtGYaxrA43Yd5aWgwBOaGE2nqNb0SViRvWQIUHtORq6M04dOdwPqnbo2TF0d4qTg1/VlfH+OjgvWzGYFSWN7023cDDhmM448koBj3H3Vf5GRB9mF4Y83oFISQ1tNhQhU36rRp0+TSpUs6PW7cOHn99dfl/fffV0/o3cB3hwwZcmt4mh07dtw2PA28phC9aM3CQwBgSJrevXtLdna2TrcG/J7pNE+j0Wg0Go1Ga7vJzRsSm16hog9ey82n06yiGzrvxo1Gmbk9ToXqoCVhUlt//Wffh/1EUx0N/+H8OO6VLV/ODJCXLIH5jCUwnxrorp5WTCOUF2IT3tI46/exHc3XC8M26Jqt+VdCC6XP/GD5YIKv7L6YIUc8stXTCzE8b1eCLnvD+g7WZfbB3pqDMnher1+/rg6VefPmyfr167U+jMhC1DnhvIEZ8Ln5emmPjtmfa9I6Okyowsv5zTff6NhBKSkp0q1bN71pEaL7xRdf6Pw7gdYnDGmTlJSk00eOHJGRI0fqZzBp0iQd4mbZsmXqWQ0MDFSBOnfuXFm8eLG4uLi0Ks04wjiQ7AneWBqNRqPRaDRa2y0jHdFtaeKyNMgSfJ7y1Sx/SUxOk9zsdElOSZWv5wRYAtZTJq4PkZwsa1kH63BkmRnpUpiXKTFxyXLySqys3B8ho1aGSI9p/hpq/LQlWiFc1x6KksLcDIfrsLcM2/oSk1IkMiZJCnIzJS8nQyasC5FuQ7xU/J5yj5eK4ixdPic7w9qHDN235uuCIaKv+X/0aT127JisXr1a66sYdjEyMlIjBjFKRVhYmIYMo4uc/Xdpj4ZBA+HckrbRoR7V6dOnq1h9/vnnVVQC3JQ9e/a8FRLsCHwX3tHo6Gid3rlzp4wfP14/A3hX9+zZo58xD8LUngkTJtzTa2sPWjogomk0Go1Go9Fo92kN8JI2yGnfPO3viSy7+y7BgXBDcotq5INJTUPa7Dibocs5XMcdTOuPN+HJhJfqhno7y6uuS1B8uWw/m6n9Uq9fb2jxehusbb0JD6u1Tqz7xo0GySqskY+nBEiXQR4yfGW4XArOk2ErwmTuzlhJzq5o+m3b8lgHfssq0HJT1rTu2+u6qN8ihwvyqBQWFqp4nT17tg6N4+Hhod+B1xX/7YFXzqyT1vkM54+0jQ7to4okR4MHD1ZPpwFx/BcvXrRN3RkIzalTp2prRP/+/cXHx0dbpRDii4zCGPIGXlN4Wrdv3y6xsbE6H31W4W3lWKqEEEIIIQ8PZOf9fEag9lV9dYyP/HAhW9zDi3W4GPQN9Y5q33pne7LnUpb2W33N2u5XR/tYn5v6xn5kCdid57Okuv528RGeXKn9aFtLfX29xMTEqOcNQhb1XuDp6al1XwhalBPyONKhQvV+QAsEOqZDsBrRiZvWeFLRYR2Jmfbv3683cHx8vApiLH/hwgVdhhBCCCGEPDz8okvl4yn+KlbR9/OTqQE6Nuo7rr6SXei8IzTUXm2U3gtCVaw+N9RD3p/op2O7Yj9QhnnuYcVSf61RNpxMk+7DvXQZ78j2qUunJ8fIwb07ZMXyJZqrBZ5YiNrmXlpCHmWcVqgSQgghhJDOT1perQxdESFdLYEHkQpvKoRenSUGnRl4fN+wxKmLte1J2dUSklguLssjNJwZocvwDPdbGCqvWf8x3M6zLp4a1oysxse98iQ1rynhZ2uoqm2QcwEFctKvWHziaqWsukFqKks1PBneVYhVdI1DYlFEGSKfC8oIeRRxaqGKpErI7HunkAckZkJacJP6G31NMc3WJkIIIYQQ5wECbMzaaB23FCJv8uafj6/qjJRWXpPrDT9lbW1ovClHvXJvhTRDtD5nWc/ZQepRxTSSOiET8SfTAiSr6N5eY1Rz8RvhyRXSxxLwWO8T/d102Jyec0LktH+R/q4BSUBDQ0Pl4MGD2r8VYhWZhtHlDv0h8ZmQRwGnFaqZmZkyefJkWbBggSZSKisrs81p6oyOwZVdXV1l0aJFKk6Liopk1qxZsnDhQhkxYsStgZgJIYQQQsjDB2J1wsYYeXmkl1wIKrSVdk6Kyq/KqiMpOm7rwCVhklNcJ54RJfKpJU4RIgzPMQT597sTbN9wjG90qYrTryyhi2F14HV+cbiXhkbrEDzWOiCEMV5sUPxPdeHmwGmD8GAkY9q8ebOsXLlSu8shdwshnRWnFaozZszQliKALL8bNmzQzwB9VocPH26bagIhEGvWrNHP6LuKcVYJIYQQQohzUVL16ES+lVr7ct0ugrm6/oYUll+XhfuSNfkSBGtoYrlt7u2UVl6XHpawhRh9epCHZZ7y7oQAOeKVL8WVDeIeUSp9F4XLc0ObxnXFuiB8MwrunrQJkYVIzoTkpb6+vlqGKESQlZWlQzpybE/SGXBKoYqwBWTuTUhoaoU6dOiQjBo1Sj8DJE0aPXq0elUxD0C4ent762ek+Mb4qi0Fsf0Il8DBoNFoNBqNRqN1jFWUl0lNVbmUlTme35kM+1Bt7UtlRdmtsqrKMqmtLpeYpFx5d7y39lv9Zl6w7L6YLV4RhZKWYy1TVSF1NRWy4lCielBfG+0l41YFyKwtQeIelKbfxzG6Wlsh2bmFsnxfuLw9zlNDgmEfTPKX0745Um39lv32GCsvt75fU6P1W3hYUb9H9CH+HzlyROvUcAjB8wrRijowIhMRMgzPLL6DdThad2sM5/p6XYUkZpTKnJ0JMn59tGw7mynuYYWSkmXNr8BxqJSGq5XSaBn+G8P09fpKqbI7tp3RcMwRqk3aBo6h0wlVZPz99ttvJTExUacPHz6sw9AYxo0bJ1OmTBF/f38t37hxo4wdO/ZWq5GXl1erhCpuZtyoCBem0Wg0Go1Go9Haanl5uVJanC+bTiTKkwMscTnYXfutvjDMQ96f4C0DFvjJtA2B8q6rtyVUPWXC+kgpLy2UusoiKSsp0O+bdRUX5ktVeaGExeXK7B1xmsAJWYffHuclYTHpUpCfd9tv38ny8/P1Pyr+EKbh4eE6Sga62kVGRmqdG/XqTZs2aT0a/V7z8prWbb5rpu9k2G5sT0VpgbU/BVZZjuw/Fy0fTGgKYX7KOgaw7tZxeM/VS3rP85WZm4Nk05FQ2XosTLYc/ck2W2W7TkVIXFKmHgNHv9cZDA0EON6kbTilUAUDBgyQK1eu6Gf0O8WwM+ibCsM0WoEAUnZPmzZNvax79+69VTZhwgT9TAghhBBCyIPm6vUbsvFkmgxaEi7vTfSTF4Z7aYgvxCsEavfhnvLGWB/NKNxS0Lf31VHe0sVaz9KD7dv/FF7U06dPa1e6xYsX33IY1dW1fBghpHyKSquWbWezZPCySHltjK8K69fH+MigpeHy8ZQAzfr8jO04dLGOQ1cXL+t43G4o72aVD1keJcUVTJL6uOK0QhXhu71795YtW7ZociQTrgCRmpycLN99951s375dBg8eLFFRUTqOKrywKBs6dOitm4sQQgghhJCHxTVLsOYW12uypY0n0zUEFkmXIFx3nM20LdVy5v2QaAled0sEekt0WseElSL8F3b16lXt34pox61bt8qe3TslLjpUQmNz5FxgoVwILpHzlng+H1QkW3/MlIGWKMd2wYOMzMXwJmNfL4UU6pizhWVXxTe6RLacyZBJm2Lli5lBuvzrlmCHaLc3HB9kie63KExScm4f6geZkgNiy+RsQIGct7bDGKYvhRRptmbS+XFaoQogSH18fLSFB8B1jhAFAHc6+qQiHMGADuIoMx3GCSGEEEIIcTaQNTirsOWeSnsyre99MNFfxeDETTG20o4nKzNNjp/8Ud7rNUN+++4s6/fd5PffHpenB1yWp/pdsP5fkhdGBckbrqHy4eQAS4jGyGGPXCmuuGpbw88psQRlZkGt7lNzW3k4Rb2xGPIHQ//M3BEnftGlKlqnbY3TsWufsrYBYcXGcExQNmxlhNOP00vujVMLVUIIIYQQQsjtbDqVpsKstaHD4IR3nvRbGCq954fIVEvw5ZfeWUjaU1ZzUyZsSbHEaKA8P9xXXhnlJS8PuyCvj/WVJ3qslH98aYj87q0JMnDyDknNqbB96/7AEEAIkYYAhb000kuTSWHInucsoQpv7G022lteHom+v+5y3NpPcMo3XyZviZXsFoxpS5wLpxaq8Kb+8MMPOqixPYWFhTo21O7du+XYsWPabxXjrKKPKsqQfAmhCoQQQgghhDxqZBbWyrsTfFW8rTve8r6qUamVKuSM9/GJ/ldkuiVW7wVEXh9L3OJ78HCO3xCtYccZBfWSnl8n6QV1kpaZL1HhwfLjqaOazbe8DBmOqzTrbVxcnI7z2hYC48pkwd5E6TE9QH8bIcXPD/OUJQeSJTW3xvr92luWmFUtvRc0befgZeH6XYxP+7vel2Xy5gfnfSbtg9MKVXTmHj9+vLi5uclXX30lISEhtjkiR48elS+//FKzkgUGBmrZ+fPnpUePHlqGrGWIpSeEEEIIIeRRBOGvTw6w6smzg6SypmUJh8asjdJ+o59MDZAhlpBDYiOMz+oeVqye1sHLImTAojAZuOR2++OMQPVgQiguP5gs1xuRNunuwGmEISfRdW/58uUyZ84c/R8REaFOJsxrDcUV1+SkT77M2hEvP/rfuZvfSZ883U54mz+c7K/Jp+BpfWG4p3hFMnq0M+G0QhXjogYFBelnDD8zffp0/QwOHjyoItYeCFv7IWwIIYQQQgh5VPGOKtOEQxBlSCJ0L05YAu6FYZ6CsVv3X8mVmvob8vnMYOlulb3j6isvj2zKxvvEAGTk/ckwjWzFzw71kjXH0m1raz1wIsXExGhOGYhU5JmBYL106ZL4+fndyklzv1y9flP6LQpXr6uK1DE+8uoYXxXaAxaH6XzSOXBKoYrBhnv16qVjOAFk+7UXoRjvCUJ29uzZMmvWLL2wExIStAzD1GC4mtbsC34P68DAwzQajUaj0Wg0mjNbpWV5haXy1Sx/FZejVkdIeUWlVFVVyPX6aut/tSRmlsvlkCJNSuSyPELeHOdjiVpP+Xy6n+TklUh9bZVsO52gmXXhWUXiom9m+4rrmkAZuyrgNhu53F82HY+xfqPCWnelw226lyGLMOrcGO4G0wgJhhA5d+6crFixQp1QK1eu1O58GLMV/7EMBC4ELb5XWel43fZWW1Mpey8kW/vlId0tIf/1bH9ZujdKParY/70XM3QZR99tb4O+wH6TtuGUQvXGjRs6NA3i2QH6no4ZM0Y/N2fgwIE6hI09GM4GY0C1FFxAGRkZkp2dTaPRaDQajUajOb0V5efIqoOxOt7oiyM85aR7vFSV5smGI+HyzSwfeWe8tzXPQ54a6C5/6HdFBenLI33kqFuKlBTmSH5etqRl5MjgpaHy/DAvmb87TqeryvKlvOTnVlacJ7k5jrflfgxiBJaTkyPR0dHqcTX/ETGJqEpEV6J7H+rrWA6jf+C7+I9p+/Xl5WZLanq2DFkWpl7gI1dSrH3NlYGLQ6TLYE/5aJK3RMalWt+9fTs6wjBaCXLrkLbhlEIVwCu6bNkyqamp0XFRz5w5o8PVIBw4NTVVwwXQUtG3b1+dhzJcqBCdgwYNkgMHDtjWRAghhBBCyKMHxiX9eEqAJg+avj1BguIr5NUxPtJ1SFOILxInfT0nWPuz7rmYJfGZVbZv/kR59fVWZw5+UCAZE/LRID/NunXrJD09Xerr6295KfH5TlTUXJdku/FX/WPL1HPcZZDHfYUwkweH0wpVuMpnzJihobw7d+7Ush9//FFbVJBYafLkyRr2u3//fp0XHBwsEydO1I7au3btUq8sIYQQQgghjzIbT6ZrgqR3XP3koyn+GuL6ofUfwhRZfsuqHq0Eo0aowlO5aNEiWb16tY4GYroM3o3p2+JU1L85zpeJlToBTitUCSGEEEIIIXenAF7VqQG3MvgiudK+y9m2uY826L8aHx+vHteAgABpaGjQ/q3o0wrhitBgfDak5NZoNmB4m5EJeMGeJMkpvrNXljxcnF6ootP1ncC85sPQ3G15QgghhBBCHjU2nUqTLoPcNbNtnwWhUne1dUO/PCpAlEKs4v/Fixc18erChQvl+PHjtzQDhq/5aGqwvDouVJ4dBi90gPxwIUuq61o2xA95cDitUEWmrwULFugFBre+fQw6+qki2RLCguHuhzhFX1ZkCkPo78yZMzVLGCGEEEIIIY86heVX5YtZQSpUfaJLbaUEIK8Nxm6FgM3NzbHU7HW55B0h3T5bKH/ouVueGXBJswH3XRgmHhE8ds6E0wpViNNNmzbpOEvDhg3T2HMDxlG1H1cVbN26VebPn68tKJiHAYUJIYQQQgh5HMgrrZfELA6F0hKKC3Pl9IkjMnnGAnnpo6Hye0uwYjibrgPOyblAZul1FpxSqCIRUv/+/W8NT4MMvvbD05w4cUI+/fRT/Z+WlqZlGEPV09NTP7u5uen3CSGEEEIIIeRO1NbWyYErGfLRJC95qu8Z6fu9r2zevFkOHtgv/v7+mnmYPBycUqgilLdXr163sncdOXJERo4cqZ8BMgKfPXtWPatfffWVuvMxdqqvr6/OxzhLGLampeACRLprjHVEo9FoNBqNRqPRHn3DWK15uTlSU54naw9FSbeh3vLWOF/ZfeSy7Ny+WbsT7tixQ5eD3sA4rgkJCfq/uLhYhZQZL9WRQV8UFBTYFAdpLU4b+guhiVYMgH6o6KvqCFdXV9myZYvOh4cVHDp06DZhey/QuRp9WiFYaTQajUaj0Wg02uNjdbXVEptaIm+7+upQP7vOZ6pGQBdE5MGBToBYxf8ffvhBxo0bJ8uWLdMkTUVFRT+tp65O+8LiOxhCB2W1tbW6LtJ6nFaoIs00wndPnjwpAwcO1BaJM2fOyNq1a8Xb21tbNyBI+/Xrpy0ZPj4+6oU9ffq0DBo0SAcHJoQQQgghhJCWMHJ1pDzZ3836Hy03fhrV5mcg6Su0x7FjxzThK6YhTPE/NjZWxSq5f5xWqAIIUoT9mn6oKSkp6nbHdh4+fFgNYyUZQkJCdHlcIIQQQgghhBDSUvZfyZZnBrnLm+N8JTmnxlZ6b5BfBwldMW7rmjVrdOQSRIQmJyfbliBtwamFKiGEEEIIIYQ8CFJza+QdV18Vqxhbta0g3w4cZ4j6JG2HQpUQQgghhBBCLEatjpIn+rvJ8JUR0th4l/hf0uE4rVBFnPfKlStlzpw52i/VUaz3+vXrNZkSQAauIUOGyNy5c3UMVXZcJoQQQgghhLSGn8J/fSQ5h+PSPkycVqhCpK5atUoFK5IpoT+qPYmJifLBBx/Il19+qdMYrmb06NH62cSJE0IIIYQQQkhLSc+vk3cm+N13+C+5f5xSqEJoDhgw4FZSpH379mkaaANE6LRp0zQz8NixY7Xs0qVL8sknn4ibm9ttCZZaAry18MAipTSNRqPRaDQajUZ7fG3YijB5coC79T9Cqmtqpd7BMi0x6IurV6/aFAdpLU4pVNEBGUPNJCUl6TQy+dqPiwqBumLFCvW2uri4qLBFOuj9+/fLzp07pWfPnhIWFmZb+t5gjKPU1FQdAodGo9FoNBqNRqM9fpaRkS4FuRmy4WiMdHPxkjfGeotnYKLkZGc4XP5ehpFL8vPzbYqDtBanDf3t27evDjcDNmzYoB5Uw8SJE2X8+PFa1rVrVx071Z4ZM2ZoWmhCCCGEEEIIaQ2a/XfC/Wf/JfeH0wrVH374QZMjubu7S79+/TRZ0oULF2TdunUa+gtXemRkpHzxxRdSU1Mjvr6+cvDgQbl8+bL07t1bgoODbWsihBBCCCGEkJaBTDdDV0TIH/q7yaRNTV0RyYPHaYUqQIKkXbt2SUxMjE7jv4eHh34GiP0OCgrSz+iXun37dl0+Pj5eywghhBBCCCGktSw9kCxPDXCTPgtCpaau0VZKHiROLVQJIYQQQggh5EFzyD1Hnh7oLm+7+kp2UZ2tlDxInFqo5uTkaEjvnbarvLxcOykbiouLdfnc3FxbCSGEEEIIIYS0Dp/oUnlhuKe8OMJLAuPKbKXkQeK0QhWJlDAu6tatWzWxUkZGhm1OE+iniuy+77zzjk4nJyfLmDFjNPwXfVSjoqK0nBBCCCGEEEJaQ3perXwwyV+6DvGQQ245tlLyIHFaoYqsvhgbFSxcuFAWLVqknw3Hjx+XUaNGqZgFWGbPnj36eceOHeLq6qqfCSGEEEIIIaQ1XGsQ+WZeiDzR74osOZBsKyUPEqcUqtevX5fvvvtOEhMTdbr5OKoI8Z0yZYp6UceOHatlyBDs4+Ojn728vNQL21KQNTg7O1tDhmk0Go1Go9FoNNrja3l5uVJYkCfDlgXLU4M8ZcTKUMnJzZP8/DyHy9/J0I0RuoW0DacUqo2NjbcJ1UOHDt0mVCdNmiSzZs3SDMA9evTQsOBhw4bdEqoob41Qra+v14sI+0+j0Wg0Go1Go9EeXystLZHyslJZdiBenhnkIV/MDJC0rAIps8ocLX8ng76orKy0KQ7SWpw29Hf48OE6LiqYPHmy9lWtqPj/2zvvNymq7P/vj/sH7M/7w36+uz6bdV1zWHVdd80uRgTJQXJGyZIliIJIkmAClCSgSBAYZsg55yEMcYBd8pDhfH0d+45lb6PDTLfU0O/X85ynu6uqu+vee+4J996qOm6FhYU2efJke//9961Hjx5255132uLFi6179+42YMAAP75fv37+WQghhBBCCCFKw9RFB79JVHPs4eYLbHfh2cRW8VMR20R1y5YtVrt2bevZs6d17tzZzp8/7zOrnTp1ShxhdurUqeLPLN2tV6+eX8vKjKum2YUQQgghhBClZfmWY/a3xnl2T4Nc3fn3OhDbRBWKioo8AQ1w7eq5c+cSn7698+/Fixf9FUhmOZ6lw0IIIYQQQghRWvYdOWtPt13siWrjAWttzNd77dipC4m9ItPEOlEVQgghhBBCiOvBxUtXrFLXFf6Imju+kT/XmGO9x+oOwD8VsU1UmRUdPXq09e7d2+/6G4W7aL3zzju+LHjatGm+jRsqsQy4T58+9t5779mZM2d8uxBCCCGEEEKUhvHz9tsz7ZbY468tsnsa5NlznZZqVvUnIraJ6siRI61Lly62Y8cOq1y5ss2cOTOxx2zTpk22fv16fzzN/fff7zdYmjVrltWoUcMOHjxoBw4csMuXLyeOFkIIIYQQQojSce7CZZu2uNDuqp9r9zbMs0Ub/pvYIzJJLBNVrjmtW7eurV271j9/+OGH1rp1a38fKCgo8OS1SZMmflMl3leqVMm2bdvm17IKIYQQQgghRDr476lL9u8OS+0vteba2+PyE1tFJollospNkZhFJekElv5Gn6PKsl5mXLm7b4sWLfy8eaAuy355NE2tWrUsP7/kCsRNm5iFZWZWIpFIJBKJRCKRSIIcOlRo//3PIWv89gq7tc48q9Zzue3dX2hHDh9KeXwQVnoePaq7BZeW2M6oVqtWrXhGlaQ0eUY1wPNWuSY1Cs9d5TE1JYXEF2U6dOiQRCKRSCQSiUQikRTL4W/k6H8O20dfbbc7Xs21B5vMt7wVu75JXg+nPD4I+YUS1dIT22tUuVlSq1atbPPmzX7t6dKlS23x4sX2+eef24IFC2zhwoV+nWrFihUtNzfXVq9ebfPnz7eNGzda1apVbfbs2YlfEkIIIYQQQoiysWN/kf2z5UK7rW6OfTxrX2KryBSxTVS5GdLw4cM9YZ07d65vIzklUeVmSsyYssyXbcAyYba9/fbbnrgKIYQQQgghRLq4fPmK1eu3xm6pOdeavLvOH18jMkdsE1UhhBBCCCGEiBMjpu22v9bJsX+1WmgFh4oSW0UmUKIqhBBCCCGEECVg9fbj9rcm8+2OevNs8vwDia0iE8Q6UZ08ebINGDDge89QhcOHD9vQoUN9mW9eXl5iq/l1qRw/adKkxBYhhBBCCCGESA9nzl2yV7qvsFtqzbX2wzcltopMENtEdcyYMdauXTu/82+4YVJg3bp1fkOlFStW2AMPPGBHjhyxnJwca9asme+rWbOmTZw4MXG0EEIIIYQQQqSH3mO32a21c+y5jkvtvyfOJ7aKdBPbRLVevXp+J18Iz0yNwq2euRNw/fr17cSJE57Uzpgxw/dNmzbNXn31VX9fEngcDjdvkkgkEolEIpFIJJIfkpxVh+3uBrku81YfsSspjomKKB2xTFTPnz9vlStX9jv5woQJE6xx48b+HoqKimzw4MG+jQT21KlTVrdu3eI7APOYGp7DWlJIdPPz823nzp0SiUQikUgkEolEklL2FOyyVevz7Zm2PKYm1zq+v8oO7N1lu3b977HkFwcO6DrW0hLLRJUZTp6FumHDBv/80UcfWYsWLfx9Mg0aNPD9bdu2LX6MDde01qpVy9+XBEY6SI4vXLggkUgkEolEIpFIJFeVixcvWJthG+wvtXOsSvfldvzk2ZTHkV9cvHgxkXGIayW2S3979uxpHTt2tL1793rSOW/ePF8KPGvWLFu+fLmtX7/edu/ebZUqVfIbKo0dO9YaNWpk+/fvt6ZNm/pnIYQQQgghhEg3UxYctNvr5tgDTebbuh0nE1tFOoltonru3Dm/q2+vXr1s6tSpvo0Z09GjR3vC2rlzZ09mw3Wply5dsiFDhljv3r39RkxCCCGEEEIIkQl2HSyyR1st8meqDp+2O7FVpJPYJqpCCCGEEEIIEUcuX7lijfqvtZtrzvXXi5evJPaIdBHrRJVZ0kOHDiU+fZ/jx4/7yUc5ffq0H8/janSHLSGEEEIIIUSm+HBGgd1WN8f+2XKh7ThQlNgq0kVsE9V9+/b5I2e6d+/ud/YlMQ2sXLnSb57UpEkT69+/v2/jutVnn33WlwOz7cyZM75dCCGEEEIIIdLN+p0n7KFm8+32V+fZhHn7E1tFuohtovrGG28UX2vaqlUrGzZsmL8HZk25hpUZ1EcffdQfL8O1qh06dEgcIYQQQgghhBCZ4/wls+q9VtktNefa68M2JraKdBHLRJUlv9WrV7ctW7b453HjxvmdfJPhuUTPP/+8P1eVO/8+/vjjNmrUKFu8eHHiiJJB0ktFHD16VCKRSCQSiUQikUh+VE6dPGY9Plxvt9WdZ/9ut8S27T5ip04cszOnT9jZopN28pv3J0/qjsClJZaJKs8deuWVV2zbtm3+ecKECda4cWN/H6VevXo2cuRIf89zilatWuWPsSF55TE2JYWZ2T179vhyY4lEIpFIJBKJRCL5MTlyaL99kZdv9zaab/c0zLNpedus8OA+6zJ8ubUeuMQ2bNlpx4/F6x5A5YnYLv2tWbOm5eTk+HseOcNjaqKER9cErlz57k5bLAHmO0IIIYQQQgiRKfYcOmtPvL7Ibq87z6YtOWT5B87YXfXz7NY686zpwA12suhS4khxrcQ2UZ09e7ZVq1bNl/I2aNDADh8+bBMnTvQEddq0afbb3/7WRowYYR9//LEdPHjQl/6SnLKNmdadO3cmfkkIIYQQQggh0s/ps5esSo8VdkutuTZw0g6buezQN4lqrv29+QJPXpsNXG+nzyhZLQ2xTVRh06ZNNnfu3OLzKiwstIKCAtu/f7/f5ZfklP2sET979qwv+2UWNnqHYCGEEEIIIYTIFM3fW29/rjnH2gzbaO9MyLd7Gub63YDvrDfPE9i1+ScSR4prIdaJqhBCCCGEEELEmXfG59tf6+T4zOor3Vd4glq/3xp/zuqQqbus6JxmVEtDrBPVpUuX2tixY23dunWJLd9y6tQpmzRpko0ePdofVRPgOI5fsmRJYosQQgghhBBCZI6Jefu/SU5z7R8tFtjDzRfYXd+87z8hP7FXlJbYJqpfffWVtWjRwmbOnGkVK1a01atXJ/aYP37mww8/9Gervvzyy3bx4kVbtmyZNWrUyO/2yx2D58yZkzhaCCGEEEIIITLD0k1H7d6GefZQ0wV+bSrXqE5ZcCCxV5SW2CaqJJ1hZnTQoEHWsWNHf59MhQoV7NixY9alSxebMmWKb+OmSw0bNvT3QgghhBBCCJEpCg6dtSfbLLYHmsy3h5otsPsbz7d1O/T81LISy0SVZ6JWrlz5R5+jOn36dKtdu7bPqNatW9cWLlzo27nJUvXq1f19SeD/uAHTiRMnJBKJRCKRSCQSiaREcvLkCTt46KhV6rrU7muU58nqM20X29Zdh+3kieN2+vTpRMYhrpVYJqqXL1+2qlWr+l1/YcyYMda0aVN/H+DxM08//bRt3rzZP/NImtzcXH/Pst8aNWr4+5LANa+7d++2PXv2SCQSiUQikUgkEkmJZO/ePXZg315r+PYKu6dhni8Brt5zme3YVWB79+z+3v10xLUR26W/bdq0sf79+9u5c+d8Ge/kyZM9OV2zZo3t27fPk9QvvvjCjyWxfeutt6x9+/Y+O8rr4MGDfZ8QQgghhBBCZJJ3xu/wa1O542+nkd9OpImyEdtElXNp27atde3a1YYPH+7bSEyHDBniN1p66aWXPDnt1q2bLxFmVrRz587+OSS4QgghhBBCCJFpwp1/uePvB9MLEltFWYhtolpSrly5kngnhBBCCCGEED89q7Ydt9vq5NgtteZa3tryl1PFkdgnqizrvRY4/lq/I4QQQgghhBCl5fzFy/bOhHzrOXqrFZ27lNgqykJsE1Xuwtu7d29fzssS3+SlvF9//bW98MILft0qrF+/3m+gxFLhfv36WVFRkW8XQgghhBBCCFG+iG2i2rdvX39+KjdH4o6+3Pk3wB22uH71zjvvtKVLl/o2rl9t2bKlvxdCCCGEEEIIUX6JZaLK0t2aNWsWP55m7Nix1rx5c38P4bpUnqEanp06c+ZMe+qpp/xGS7t27fJtQgghhBBCCCHKH7FMVJlFrVy5st/NFyZMmGCNGzf291F41uqiRYv8PQ/cnTp1qn322Wf24osvFs+0lgTuGExym/xcJIlEIpFIJBKJRCIpjezereeoloXYLv2tXr16cbI5cOBA69Spk7+PUqtWLX+uajIdO3a0nj17Jj79OCTGXBNLsiuRSCQSiUQikUgkZRXyi9OnTycyDnGtxDZRZWaUpb0s5SUh3bFjh79/9913/UZJs2bNsrvvvtv69OljhYWFvgT4gw8+8GtVSXJTJbBCCCGEEEIIIeJPbBNVmDt3rl+fGpYAb9261ZYvX24nT560cePG+ZJgElqm1o8ePWqjR4/248OdgIUQQgghhBBClD9inagKIYQQQgghhMg+lKgKIYQQQgghhIgVsU1UuQ6Vmyh17drVhg4dapcuXUrs+ZYlS5ZYnTp1rKCgwD9fuHDBRo0aZd26dbN+/frZuXPnfLsQQgghhBBCiPJFbBPVAQMGeMJ57Ngxf6bqpEmTEnvMr0nluao333yzLVu2zLeNGTPGOnTo4HfXatGihSe3QgghhBBCCCHKH7FMVC9fvux3/N2wYYN/5iZJJJ+Bixcv+iszquE5qk2bNrWcnBx/P3v2bL9TcElhtvbMmTN29uxZiUQikUgkEolEIimzkF/wGExROmKZqNKglStXLr7bL3f3bdy4sb+PUrVqVV8CDMy68ogayMvL80fUlBSec5Sfn2+7du2SSCQSiUQikUgkkjILj9c8cOBAIuMQ10psl/5Wq1bNVq5c6e9ZxtuuXTt/H4XkdPXq1f6eRJbnrMLkyZOtfv36/l4IIYQQQgghRPkitokqN0Yi2WR2tEaNGrZx40Zf0vv+++/7VDpLfu+77z6/4dLhw4dtypQpntwyq1q3bl2bM2dO4peEEEIIIYQQQpQnYpuoAjOjw4cPL541Xbt2rV+HylJdEln2Idu3b/f9s2bNshEjRhQvARZCCCGEEEIIUf6IdaIqhBBCCCGEECL7iHWiWlhY6I+f4ZEzyXCu7AvnzA2YWB7MNmZgw52BhRBCCCGEEEKUL2KbqJJsNmvWzIYMGeKPmuHZqYHNmzf7vmHDhvn1qwUFBbZ48WJ74okn/BrWTz75xK9jFUIIIYQQQghR/ohtotqqVSubMWOGv+/evbv16dPH30OnTp1s/Pjx/n7AgAHWu3dvmzdvnm8XQgghhBBCCFG+iWWieuHCBatSpYpt3brVP5OURp+jyixqeHTNzJkzrUmTJrZq1SqrUKGCvfnmmz6jeunSJd9fEoqKimzfvn3+nCOJRCKRSCQSiUQiKavs378/VhOB5Y1YJqpcXxpNVMeNG3fVRHX69OlWu3Ztf8+1rLt377bKlSvb2LFjfVtJYJkwj7g5cuSIRCKRSCQSiUQikZRZyC9S3WtHlIzYLv3lGaoTJkzw9+3atbOhQ4faqVOn7OjRo9a6dWsbOXKk7+vZs6cvCz558qR/hpYtW/rzVYUQQgghhBBClD9im6hyB19mSklCO3bs6LOezKz26NHDdu3aZXXq1LG+fftamzZt/Lmqubm59vrrr1uvXr2sffv2duzYscQvCSGEEEIIIYQoT8Q2UQVmUFnKe+XKFf987tw5v54UeCVhDdeicgx3BuZ4IYQQQgghhBDll1gnqkIIIYQQQgghsg8lqkIIIYQQQgghYoUSVSGEEEIIIYQQsUKJqhBCCCGEEEKIWFGuE1XuBLxt2zbbsWOHP3u1tJw5c8YKCwvt0KFDWSm0O895SrXvRhGeZUU5U+3LBqF9s7H82VruINla/vD8ulT7skFU/uy095T5RvflPyTZWn7KLXsX3/KTX/BoTVE6ynWiun//fuvXr58NGjToe89RvRa4W/DOnTtt3759rkzZKFu3br3hy19QUGDbt29PuS8bhDtiM6iTat+NLHv37nX9TrUvGwQbuWXLlpT7bmRh8BK7nmpfNghlpw5S7csG4e7/2WjvsXXYvFT7skHwcfi6VPtuZEHXiXFS7csGyc/P96eApNoXBzl48KAS1TKQ9Ut/L1++7A49POYmG6GD8+ifGxkGMnDg2QqPc8KRZRusukC/s5ULFy540pJtEBwwwp6tUHbqIFvhOeoMvmYb2DpsXraCjzt9+nTiU/ZAbFPayZobAQZkSWbEjYkS1W8SVYz7+fPnE1uyD0afWf58I3PixImsDFwCOG9GmrMNEvRsfrYyA1DYt/As6mxBiaoSVYLXbANbF541n43g43j+frZBbEOMk60cOHBAieoNTNYnqsBsarYFclGyofyUL5tnzbO1/Gr37Cw/A5BItqLyX85KvafMN7ov/yGytfzZ3u7Zbu9udJSoCiGEEEIIIYSIFUpUhRBCCCGEEELECiWqQgghhBBCCCFihRJVIYQQQgghhBCxotwnqhcvXkx5ETXbynJxOXdMTL7dN89CSnVHvehNG7jj3E95t8VUdyum7DQs53u1O8EtWrToR++Cy4OKuXtilFT1AtE64A7C/Hc64Hejvw20K+2eTGkvqOfOqMnnm2obJOsV9ZHpu+3xn6nKC5xLWfScu4Mm93v+K1XZk88B/cjUs8F4rEpyudCDVO3LeZWmDvg9yplcLuojuU74/eh/857vpjqfdEI9JJN8LtdKOPfkR1KlqguI/hd25ae6m+7V2pXzuVp7r1q1ytatW5f49B30UfQ1GcqcbEOT7Q028PDhw4lPmSdVmwfSoW/YrOQ7o1IPqe78Hq0L7H6qOkw3Vys/bVDWGIWyHz9+PPHpW1LVB0TLjt/nuExC2ybrXoC6p41K++iZVLaabal8V/Qc+D/+N9NQ9lS2J3ouHFNa/UenKEfy99Gp5HrBtkTtS/huJuB/UpUb24y+lbW/pbLXqfwbRM+Dek9VX5kiE34uld2mrZPrg3Imx/VsS/aP4vpRrhPVTZs22a233mozZsxIbPmOXr16WV5eXuLTtTFu3Djr1KmTVa1a1WbPnu3b3nvvPevSpYu9+uqrtnbtWt+2ZMkSe+SRR+zDDz/0z4sXL7YmTZpYhw4d/P9/KOBIB927d7cnnnjifzpU165drU6dOvbmm2/azJkzE1u/T926dW3evHmJT//Ll19+aW3btrUaNWrYxIkTfduoUaO8bHx34cKFvo264Bz69evnnwkSmzZt6nVFHZblVvkk0nfddZeNHTs2seVbeFbab37zm+9t5zliv//97+3jjz9ObCkZ6Dz12KNHD6tXr54bMm5x/9prr3k9Ul4COILZ/v3723333eePPcCIohPt27f3us7JyUn8YnrB2D744IP+X6moXr26tWzZMvHp2sjNzfU25vxHjBjh26jzdu3aeX20bt3aH2vDcziff/553x4YOXKk76c/TJs2LbE1PdCGd999t99yPsqwYcPsj3/84/ecD+fBtmt9FAXloj179uzpdcgD0+Grr77y+qxfv76NHz/eHSX2gPNZuXKlH4P+UXb6F7qeiSAG2/Hcc8/Z66+/ntjyHdi7AQMGJD5dG9iKwYMHe/ti37Zs2eJ9tFu3bl4XjRo18rqk3F988YXde++9xXZ08uTJ1qxZM2vcuLF98MEHvi1TLFiwwP7yl7/YihUrElu+44033kiZjAL9lXaJQhnRXeoSu0TZaH+Oox4aNGjg9oO+hj6//PLLxYHq9OnTvY1btGhhQ4cO9W2ZpGHDht4uqUD///GPf5T6UWqUCZvZuXNn/49g/9ElbB12fcOGDb4N+/7www/bJ598UvwZ30Y99u3bN2VwnQ6wpxUqVPhegsJ5jx492vsc7bdt27bEnmsD/UU/6O/4N3j//ffdT1H25cuX+zb6+aOPPmqDBg3yzwx+UHb0jnrKxHNK6XP4ulDfUWbNmmXNmzd3fUU/iDtSsXnz5pR2EHuBna9Zs6bbMvjoo4+8LSk3fgDWr19vTz31lPXu3ds/owvoPmWmXTL12Bf63QMPPFBc3wEStT/84Q/FPp3X0tg9kvE+ffq4fatVq1bxY9qIa9Ap/D4+DJ0jxqEdsBmAX6Dv891WrVqlNUbGBv3rX//yWDEK5/vCCy94vbdp08b/uzR1v2zZMm9jbPq7777r2ygn5Qj+DXikUaVKlVzHAf/GMcG/ZXKABj9HWWmHZNBbfHRpwD9Qdnx5qF/sHW2J/0L/gdideq5SpYrXF3YN+xbiwRAXiOtLuU1UMSo4mCeffLLY+EZBITHwOPXPP//cnXwwUGvWrLG5c+d64JHK6YUAmSQVQz5//nwP0IDOg8FHoVHyV155xd5++23f9+yzzxYHsxUrVix1olwSVq9e7f9NB0seIcYITZkyJfHpW5hBpQ5wukDQhvFiW0i8o4Q6YB9loRPTcYHgkW0EvZ9++qknswQAwDmF5Lh27dpe96UFh4njJJiIggP961//6gFlCNoIvm+66SYbMmSItw3nwPc2btzo+2lzAm+MczTQIEgPI2zBeGOkQiCDkWcbuoOz++c//+nvaWcSCcDBk8hlYmBi4MCB9vTTT9tbb72V2PIdlI32J/AKyRuDN+gdZafNgPOjPLRV1OHhgAgCSU4ff/xxD+BJ2seMGeP7cZL8DjpP3VAXwO/R74AA/5lnnknbw8Y5F/ocdZvcN0nWf/3rX3tbA+2Ig7399ts9mSbgoU+SvKIXlD8EHPn5+cW6D+wPDpj2xpkROBDAMzDBb9Gf+Q4BFIMxYdAKB/jOO+/4e+orOdBIB5999tlVE1X0kWSD8/z66699G+1PAItdJOCmzbBvySPK9I2QWKNbnD96gW4DgWAYYKLctC26Q92gI7Qz/0G/JKDJBPw3gRJ6j51OJgwWYgfo10CZKRdBRnJwg18LA2boLcE8dUjSAwSnBPL8BvVNX6ZfUFbKHOqLuti6dau/zwSUFbuKnU2eSUDX8UHo5Jw5c3wbiUlIrqiHHTt2+HvsHHZw+PDh/gzdKMGuk4DzPwRvYaCL72Gz0RHqBPsaAtx///vfxYMDL774YvFAZTqhv1auXNntWWgvoJ/eeeedxXY7zAJi5/Bf4bzQCQYM2RYS7iih7PQT+jkDy8GmMTDCf2PDSYrZT9+Al156qdiXV6tWzesu3dD/0PfkwRDKRuIe+jE2Hx0gcAvtRHKLLtAnQ8AdJegv36Us+G9sLFBnJArULXEUiRx9AaIJPbqSKs5KB9j1VD6ONmQQkj5Lu2D3Q5yBXcc3YbsAfcQHAD5w6dKl/h4oW5iZpH/TN/D5tCX9HB+GTlMX2D+Sx/B9kjf8CTB4zXfTBb9Lv2KQMArtha0JfYABEmwyUG70O9gAmDBhgm9LtseUGR0hPuT3iBmJ1Yjb0B/+G73CV1BO4lrAv4UBAfwMNjVTYIfRZ+o2GfbR3thC2gN7FvohbU2bo//BB0ahfWl3yo9u4cexbUxEsJ2yE18Em4AekTPQt4OOYQeCfRDXl3KbqJKIobgYr+QZN0DxccI4ahSazoiiEqASDBCkTJo0yR3S1RIMRtwwECGhA4wIASSBLLAvGFgCHEZtqVQcQhgJTDcEijgTOi3BS3KiitFhhozOSjBLJyfw4xWHQxkYocUpEXwT7DOqlgrqkGMxqmGklaCVOgjfwVFi3ID6xHigS8zUpUqwSgL/SzKAsUh2DjhvjAoBK0EHhod6oM1x9Bhovk8QR/BBckadkGSGwDYVzKzQ5vxuGNSgHqPJAr+HTvHbBAYYOhwcI8LJS4jKCudKsESyH+o+CgnS1KlTvZ6CM6WtCDwI2DhX2ghdZ2Ys1ewUkHhyLH0DR4ajBxxgMNQ4g/Ce+mfGAcdIcPy3v/2tuL7KCqPHDDBR5yHJDBDQoPchyGIwgpFYPuN0aAcGEHCyBH44OuoD0M9UsxXQsWNHT84J8KKOiUAtzDagG2EABkeG0L9oF/QlnZCsU04SFwYLkkFH+V/6MSs6ABvHeWDL0EVGjNGLH5ptp46wn9RNcPYE7+hCgO9ja0naaHN0kr7NzN7VZnbKCvaDRJ3zQxeSYUQcvaMOCOKA/k99kXyHQYRkKAN9A/tM/YbBPPQZew0ErdhDgiMSoscee8wH+bD3lD8aIKYTbCo2OgyKJieq2GkCWuwa5Qf0nGMBP4W+YyuY/cIPsRLjaksHSToIQqkr6hsoO0FjGHTCdoekn2SJpIW6w8+Fwax0ge2hz5MwMotDfUShj+Nbgs7h+7D3fManEXBju3iPzqDDV1tlQT8OSUcoXxiYCkkdsQUzLYA+EGOg95xDGChLF7Q5g938R/LKGQaLQuIYoGzoJKuY0AHKSyBOvdEfrjaAhI3AD7IagsE5wHfSngzkAf0u+DsSF5JB7BwDlckrFdIBydPVfBz9ErvL+ZBIUD/4PHwuthkfh40gNqO9QoLBuV7N1hM3oMf042hyRBuH2IByU7+A/+A/qQPsZPQ7ZQHfRp9lBU8YMAvQx4ivwuAESRn2iUEyzgedpx3x5/RD/BfluZo9JgYIK+Mof4A6xJ4AsSHxMfB7CGUOK04yAf0T3ebcozFWgPPF5mELsO0MxjAQwys6zOAx/pm6ulpsQxn4DnFS1LejI2wLoD/oHzqOHQXaiHrHNonrS7lMVHEmKBAdGCNHkM6580pySHIWDb5wTCQcKDZOmE6OsgPJFEEuHZ7vB8fOfzASw9Q/I0oYbGB0l45BxQH7MJaAocOQ4XT4Lh0tE9BJMcqcK52Qc8JIcf4EmgQ8ODM6HcE354OjxwmRXGHgMURhdIpzJrAlcec3QtJBAozzplzUX3AkGA6cWxjBpJMHZ0p98Z464ZjSLJcjaMBxMKKKoyZgot2YLUNwzJw/zg1DRvsScBF4hNltnD+OjUAex0Z9BedF21NOZhACtD9BDv/DfxO0AUFccE5hkINEjkCSOuP/qRd0K3nAoCygwzhMHAjlwKmxLegp58e5kJyxn7oG9D4YYIIWHDwBTVhWxT6+H2aGGF2lvGHkHL0JfQP9ZakZENQHQ88odAh0qW9GoMPIZFnAGdEf6cuUnbJR15wvfRk9IHkmeaN9qROcXOjDtA9OBpvAIAz1Rf9Aj3C2OC0GrPg9giDA0VF3BGzoUdSZ4dxDYkL/CYkqfZ/gggCG7ekKXoC6JTmk7ikj9c+5Uf+cN4MktBU6R78ngQAGTvgeZSYAIWFlPzpN4st3GfQJCQCOne9S15Q5lBN9iyaq2Mpgx2gD9ItgmkGf6Ax1ukAv0WvsL3YMfSWg4fzROdqYgJzAmj4fZrPp39QXiSrnR6DJdyhPINhm4DdC/2egJiSq6H50pQY2kiCK30TPSaQyAe1J0oEeo3cMrpGcUgbOj77MOdDv77nnHu+32GTaI3wfvWAb9UJwSjCGTcIn8jsh8EUf8E8k+wwMhWXcbMe3BTvGvnBJB21N/fHbzHCRCKcT/AS2lHMgGaSPUdecN74Ne8v7+++/3+0u7Y7e4tOwvRxLO4XZRBJ4bB/2gO+FpBV9ZzaF2UV0JTlRDcdR1yGBQCf4bewPfQYflC4YDGEVEm1MHeA3aXvKiDDokDyjhc3BV2Mj6e8Bvhv6aih3mFHHr2HnGMjj/KOJKoM36B2wL9gz/Du+HN1ixpH6SifMGKLrUR/HtuDjWKaK/eI8+H/2M0jAfnQT0GlsPLqMvmPzsBvUK/2b3wkDniSF2DYG+qmfaHJEG4TVCehfSFSxQ8Qa6BszsOhoWcE2Uy5sLufIYCvtENoMHcYGhf5KPIZNp5/SP9F56g17QR+IrvKgjPwG+gT0G3wh/ZW4D3se4DfwucArxwF9D99OmfGtyQMl6QA/Rzvhz+m7+Oeon6PNsWecB1Ae+jN9HZuMLwv6SJug9/hyvhtWNQKDeug09is6oIxfDav9iFmxh9ge/AjnBNQreoetFdeXcpmoEryigBhmAiYMC6OIBCphVAkDTwdgtA2HQ2CGocaA0VlRfDoLHREjh7Hk++xnZgxDEjpxNBFD4QmkQiBDZwnLo6JgaEIwnG4oE0ab4IUlsARwlIHz5xUnHQ0kMOoYQwJ2RjBxBgRqYQkT9YGBo2z8BkpBQMvoHQ4R6NQhacFw4rDDyDtGI8xsRMEQhhmpa4Hf5/xw0BgQAgvKxYgwwm9SRhw69YzxwiGHmW+MP/pBWTlPgg8MEA4OSKooJ4kQYPhw+mFmHWcWRuj4XtRB49CSZw85H0Yjk2dBygJ9kdFPgiOCaIJkHG7QU5wOQRuDEWHGNCRQODIgoSOpJ9gMs9LUCd/HobMsBj0KgzBAOcISV/pXCGhIUsLsZBQGMQgU0mHM0VmCB8rEcl6SCpwH50tgyfmgj/RxZovQEZwb7UWghePDmVF++jXgxHDuIcCgD/B76AQBKLYjJNmUJSQsgN6Fa1TQ/VRJCokCzjFdoIMhMMKxck00AVRoN8pLmzLbQ3sTXAMj48HZh0SHZAU7xnF8l3rDbrGdcoeBJvSEBAeovzBjB9Rp8lJHBshw4JnwF5wjekZwzEw9/TzoQAhAOD/am2SC/gGUnWMI3hASWT6HMlI++nKA+gt2m4Ao6AuJIPqcDLaOModEJt1g69BR7DS6Tx/Ez1EGdJABRtqJeqGv0x8JbNEVYB/9hyCLRJL6CMEqg5f8DmVAF0h0wiAldgEbACFAxi5AdIArCv6P/phOaEt8CG2ETyNgpdycd3RlBcE9/Z3BKMpOf6bfkrDRR4O/ofzUIXac3yARpfzoThiUwx8Em4Y+YSfCckv0JQyCREE3ooMfZQXdDr4OexMGEEiUEOwdSUoA/cNGUSfRQQXsBkF9CLJDuemj1A39OPgFEsAQtGP7WBYafodYItpPAlG/kC5+zMcRf+FvAb/+y1/+0mMxdCMM0NC/GWjFrvE7+I6gs+gFv4O9IrYh0QyrnogjQj/HZlIH+EQgFkgVu9FOoX7LAraZwQD8GXb473//u/dV7DznS9+KxpgMltM3iNHCoAaxC+Wiv1I2oN+yj99Ar4hv0eEwOMc+bFiA2CgMUND38RXJ4I/TOTAT4Fyjfg6bxjmENkNn8XP0c/o45aZNeGU/kw7BfmPLsYUkluzDvwE2Jfj9sFokwOAM9cFgAO0d6hD7SrsA+o4vpR7F9QW/VW5vpgQoFcFVFJQYA0BnZVQS54TjwbDjrKKJKqNIybNBHI/xwJFhuFFyAhlGPHGGYfYBh0fHR+kJBuhkjHoRXGFQMw1lIejA8EXh/DnvAGXlnOjMjFzilDBAGGo6O+/5rSgkPFwXRF2SiDKyyO9yPL+FswACJhwp13IRLGNkqYMwe1HWTk49Ji/9JWhn9BQ4dxJVQBdwaJwHBoZzJ8Dj3HG+YUY1Co7/T3/6k/8O5aQdcQh8n9/COWHMcGKcC0EkxpNAmPZnG048GLpMgHPEgEYhMI06EIJNEmrqgIAHI00QgG5grPmcDKPTN998s7cX/YQZR+qOvkN/YbQW3cf4854+QZCDk+EVB0rZUyVwZYVAMySJAcoWltP/+c9/Lm5PnDrtQR0QXKO7QT9wcr/4xS88sY9CGR566CF3UvQJnCIj7fwGAR/6Qn8ncEUvSJqoT86JAIE6438YwIrOaqQTkjYCzChhUIT+Td+in6Eb2CXOLzlRxW5F+yDlJpEhuMNuousEPbQ57Umwgr2gTAS23FCH32Yb7Uy5sTnRZVOZgsHGYGuBYJxBAdoMx8VAA4ELgSkDlgTnJKnM+kXhN2666SY/Dj2nDQmIsX/8HrrCd9EV+sodd9zhukVdEtBSZo5JR5D6YzDgGnQ3gK2NzoQws097hZkW+jb2F1tMm9KG2AJ0OTmxZh+rTNB5/AG/gQ/E1tHnQj+hfQnsSCDQQ2wu9cB5pHNgJpmQSFP3AfobiRz/jw9iVQRtH3waeor/Qk9pU2ZJSWSS+yU2k4Ef+jPlx+9T1+gF5QoDMvw+yTDJC7YP3ee/WbEQHbRMN/S/5IEBBj8JxAnqQ/nDIDT+lT5PeQnisckkLsmJNION+C1sJ3qNL8Ov8b3oYDT9BF1giTtJIgMl/Ce+kfrPZMCeyscRT1EewA7/6le/8kSUZJO2xkfRbqE+0P/f/e53nvBFwRYSy+DDiOnQcWwJg0IkSpSPumGSAvtw9913u/7QF/F/1AH1j1/AfqYTdC15kJ/4DN+ELuCj8QH0U8qNvedcOU/iGspOf8EGYMujUFZuMEk9ESug7/gsBNsalrCjL9QFfYOYhoESykx5qYdoX8wE/H/yJSoMpOHnKB/2Gj2gPMQ2xGj0YWw9UJ5ovAv0BWw+do2y05boMG3N8cFHYC+IEbGbTMYQR2BTg1/gv8T1p9wnqgTXYTQQMEA4FxQuEEZqOJZglA4eOh+OPNn4EMQwek9nwUkD/0GQGB3dJTmhkyGMTBEYckymZlKToSycP69RKB9GNwrOiXML168wwozxo4xhFDkK9RfqgGCN/8Dx8zlaPpw4dYRzwLExOMD/RJdflAWMM0oahfMIgwuce9hP+wYdJvjmnAhyaF9eo3oSYOaYdqQMnHdIjki4+RzqMbQ/5SJgpz75Htv430zCfyf/BzPI0VlMjsGpEoxhnDmvUF7KnlyHgL5SBvoL7RoGKxiZ5PvhO+g8BptgnoAVXeCVY9C1TIBeJ8/SUgfoLTB4EPZTbtoYoW04/3Du6AEDGcm/xWg1+7ANlCPoNMEY9RH6Pceh/5SdGQ7aPehCJhL0KOh2cv2STIVzA4Iw2o764rwIbOmDvGIL2Z6cqNJn6RuUgXaE0G95BcpNm3Mcr9gK9IBjCGR+Cqjr6CAc9cH/094BEhbsL3qBTaf/J/ux0FdpR77PZ8CG8DmMwPO7tCl9nDJTf6EvhJmHTEO902ZR0IFo/6UNg39jRgm9xE5iFwngCdKoC5JMAuEotCG6jM4EPaLukstIHdA3qFtsYvBt6E4moWyUP3l1CjrH/0f9L8exLegDMzMkrZQtVXBN+YJPC0s7sf/8RnSGGLtAuSk//4fuc0zoK5kila8LBP8UdDXAdnQ11Bf9NRr7AHUXyo1+U8fYQz5T1kCwLfwG9RFsAp8zTSofRxtG+zrnE/oufjm53eg72IPkeIjfIf6jTfkOcQpQD9RBKB/2hc/UFbYCO0J78B3qOBPgc/HPUbDXlINzwRdF+0LQ11AGwHexLVzWEaDusHu0OfuDf4/6N0Bf6A/YBY7nfDieOvgpSOXnaNfoOWLnKAc2m/ZEX0JfIRZIjnc5Llr2cCyfo+Xifyg3xwQ94Pf4HFbjiOsP7VeuE1UhxHcwMohTFt8SlkgKkQ3Q95ktYdUHsy4E79kCM5IKLoUQ4sZCiaoQQgghhBBCiFihRFUIIYQQQgghRKxQoiqEEEIIIYQQIlYoURVCCCGEEEIIESuUqAohhBBCCCGEiBVKVIUQQgghhBBCxAolqkIIIUQS2fRoFyGEECKOKFEVQgghEowZM8Zq165tXbt2tRYtWti8efMSe1LDcTxgXgghhBDpRYmqEEIIkaBjx47Wu3dvu3Llim3ZssXuu+8+W7BgQfHnzz//3JYsWeLHrlu3zm655Rbr06ePbdu2zbexj2P27t3rn4UQQoiScvnyZbt06ZK/z8/PL7EvwQdt2rQp8enauXjxYuLd91m+fLkdOXIk8emnR4mqEEIIkaB79+7Wv3//xCezwYMHW/369e3gwYP2ySef2BdffGGPPPKI5eXl2YYNG+zee+/147dv326TJ0+2Nm3a2MyZM31WdteuXYlfEUIIIX4Y/Mtrr71m7du3t2XLlvnA6cCBAxN7f5hJkyb5iqBr5aOPPrImTZr4f7377rv/k7C+9dZbPih7vVCiKoQQQiRITlRJPp977rnEp2/p1q2bderUyd9XqlTJduzY4e+ffvpp69evn+Xk5NiDDz5oo0eP9u1CCCHED8EA56uvvmonTpyw06dP+2wqyePQoUN9PwOjU6ZMsY0bN/pnyM3NtS+//NJnYA8fPmyFhYV26tQp2717t3399de2ePHixJFmq1atcn/G/0RnaRlcHTdunCeozz//vCe8/PfcuXN9lnbPnj1+PsA2ziF85v/5nMl7OihRFUIIIRIkJ6pDhgzx4OH48eO+nf2PPfaY9ejRw/e/8MILxYEDySkj0iz9nT17tjtYIYQQ5YOF6/9jbd/faK0Gr7fWQzZkTPj99sM32dLNRxP/bNawYUNPJKOQqH788cc+u1q3bl1PIuvVq2fr16+3zz77zN544w2bOHGiJ5bMvPbt29ePxReNHz/eKlas6J+5fKVp06ae9N5zzz1+fKBz587+v2fOnLGqVavaoEGD7LbbbvNB161bt1r16tX9NyZMmOCzvR988IHPsHIu+EH+98033/Qly5lAiaoQQgiRgMCAa065JpXR5EcffdRHohlxfvLJJ+3ChQtWpUoVa9u2rR//xBNPeBAALPfFiQOj4oxsCyGEiD/fmHyr3G2F/b+XZ9kfq8/JuPxfxVlWo9fKxL+bNWjQwObPn5/49C0koizN7dChg8+EAgkoA6Ys83355Zdt0aJFvn3AgAE+mIo/atasmW8bOXKkjRgxwpPdsKyXZJSkNNClSxd75ZVX3KeR9HKd6zPPPJPYa1arVi2bNWuW1alTx/bt2+fbmMFlkJbfnT59uj388MM+mJsJlKgKIYQQCXD+OGSW97Zr1644CeUa1ebNm/sI8uuvv26ffvqpb2eUuVGjRp7McgwBAt9lVFo+VQghyg+T8vZb/X5rrOm76zIu9d9eY5/P/+6O8SzBxW9E4RITElV80Zw5c3wbPqd169b+fuXKlZ5kDhs2zBPSkKiGgdRRo0bZ8OHDbdq0afbUU09Zq1atfLluFGZU8Wfh2lSWGHNJS7ihE/5wxowZPkCLjwNmTytUqOC/zxLjhQsXFh+fbpSoCiGEEEmcO3cu8e77pNoevUsjXO27QgghRCq410GNGjX8pn1cPkLyR/JKMsilJMy4fvXVV34pCskoM6wkr8yIksyS5LIaiEeqhRlVlvpyQ0C+xzJgklKW9EYvS+E/WEYcWL16tc+ohsSVWVvuZs+MbBikXbp0qSfAvXr18llg/lNLf4UQQgghhBDiBoTHwJAIsryXpbRcS1pQUOD7uDESl6BwfSrw/G4STJbeAjdQ2rlzpyd2mzdv9m3cCAnh2lKW9ZJ8MgPLrGyA61DDTCmcPHnSVwhx+QusWbOmeFnv1KlT/Ry4tAWYaeUcot9PN0pUhRBCCCGEEOIGhOW+LVu29GtbufHR0aPf3cQp7ihRFUIIIYQQQogbFGZTi4qKEp/KD0pUhRBCCCGEEELECiWqQgghhBBCCCFihRJVIYQQQgghhBCxQomqEEIIIYQQQohYoURVCCGEEEIIIUSsUKIqhBBCCCGEECJWKFEVQgghhBBCCBErlKgKIYQQQgghhIgVSlSFEEIIIYQQQsQKJapCCCGEEEIIIWKFElUhhBBCCCGEELFCiaoQQgghhBBCiFihRFUIIYQQQgghRKxQoiqEEEIIIYQQIlYoURVCCCGEEEIIESuUqAohhBBCCCGEiBVKVIUQQgghhBBCxAolqkIIIYQQQgghYsX3EtWTJ08mNgshhBBCCCGEENeH06dPf5uo/vznP7dt27b5rKpEIpFIJBKJRCKRSCTXS7Zv325Mpv7sG/5DssoHiUQikUgkEolEIpFIrpeQm/7sZz87/f8BXh1mYdpPPVMAAAAASUVORK5CYII=)

25 However, both the expert witnesses, Mr Tan and Mr Kon, agreed that the
plaintiff’s MLF with Maybank did not have a high LTV Ratio prior to 11
December 2019, and that the plaintiff’s own trading activities did not cause
the margin calls. In passing, I should note that there was some dispute
between the experts as to the precise figure for the plaintiff’s Margin Ratio
and LTV Ratio during the relevant period. According to Mr Kon, the plaintiff’s
Margin Ratio ranged from approximately 274 to 204% and its LTV Ratio from 36%
to 48% between 30 September 2019 and 11 December 2019, whereas Mr Tan
calculated slightly lower figures ranging from approximately 393% to 296% and
25% to 33% respectively during that same period. This difference between the
experts was due primarily to a difference of methodology. in particular with
regard to the method of calculating what was referred to as “collateral
value”. However, the difference is of little, if any, relevance in the present
context because, as stated above, both experts agreed that the plaintiff’s MLF
with Maybank did not have a high LTV Ratio prior to 11 December 2019. However,
the difference in methodology and in the method of calculating the appropriate
“collateral value” is important (and potentially crucial) when considering
later events in January 2020, which I consider further below.

26 Although (as is now common ground between the parties) the plaintiff’s LTV
Ratio was not high in the latter part of 2019, it was the evidence of Mr Thng
(which I accept) that, out of prudence, he began exploring two possible
options concerning the plaintiff’s margin loan with Maybank viz. (a) the
plaintiff could sell off a sufficient amount of its Agritrade shares so that
it had sufficient funds to clear the margin loan and have some cash left over
as a buffer (the “First Option”); or (b) the plaintiff could strengthen its
buffer against a potential margin call by acquiring even more Agritrade shares
(the “Second Option”). In the event, Mr Thng decided (at least initially) to
pursue the First Option by selling 75 million out of the plaintiff’s holding
of Agritrade shares so as to raise approximately S$ 7 million.

27 Sometime in or around October 2019, Mr Thng found a willing buyer to
acquire the plaintiff’s 75 million Agritrade shares. The buyer, known as
“Saurav”, is Mr Thng’s friend and a fund manager in New York. Saurav was going
to acquire the plaintiff’s 75 million Agritrade shares through Power One
Limited, a company that he (Saurav) controlled.

28 At about the same time, it was Mr Thng’s evidence that he had discussions
with Mr Tay concerning what he referred to as the plaintiff’s margin issues.
That this was indeed the case appears, for example, from a WhatsApp exchange
between Mr Thng and Mr Tay on 11 October 2019.

29 Before Mr Thng finalised the proposed trade with Saurav, sometime in or
around October 2019, Mr Thng shared with Mr Tay during one of their meetings
his plan for the plaintiff to pursue the First Option by selling 75 million
Agritrade Shares to Saurav. According to Mr Thng, when Mr Tay learnt of this,
he (i.e. Mr Tay) asked whether Mr Thng would be willing to forego the First
Option and give the defendant and Alliance East Asia Limited (i.e. a company
that Mr Tay allegedly had control and/or influence over) the opportunity to
collectively sell 75 million Agritrade shares to Saurav. Mr Tay explained
that, as the defendant and Alliance East Asia Limited were facing some
financial difficulties, they needed this opportunity to raise funds. Mr Tay
indicated that he could raise funds by having the defendant and Alliance East
Asia Limited sell off 13 million and 62 million Agritrade shares (a total of
75 million Agritrade shares) to Saurav respectively.

30 According to Mr Thng, in exchange for Mr Thng and the plaintiff forgoing
the First Option, Mr Tay proposed the following:

(a) The defendant would subscribe to the plaintiff and transfer 60 million
Agritrade shares before the end of the year, using the Net Asset Value (“NAV”)
as of 31 December 2019; and

(b) Mr Tay would arrange for his friend, one “William”, who controlled Eagle
Eye Group Limited, to subscribe to the plaintiff and transfer 40 million
Agritrade shares to the plaintiff sometime in early 2020.

31 According to Mr Thng:

(a) The net effect of Mr Tay’s proposal was that the plaintiff would
essentially be foregoing the First Option for the Second Option. Mr Thng
explained that the reason why he agreed to take the Second Option instead was
that the plaintiff would receive 100 million Agritrade shares in total, thus
increasing its buffer against a potential margin call.

(b) Mr Thng thus agreed to Mr Tay’s proposal on the basis that, after the
defendant and Alliance East Asia Limited had sold their shares to Saurav:

(i) The defendant would subscribe to the plaintiff and transfer 60 million
Agritrade shares before the end of December 2019 so the defendant’s 60 million
Agritrade shares would be valued using the NAV as of 31 December 2019; and

(ii) Eagle Eye Group Limited would subscribe to the plaintiff and transfer 40
million Agritrade shares sometime in January or February 2020.

In support of the foregoing, Mr Thng referred to various exchanges including a
WhatsApp exchange on 10 December 2019.

32 Mr Tay’s evidence presented a different picture. In summary, his evidence
was as follows:

(a) In or around October 2019, Mr Thng learnt that the defendant held shares
in Agritrade.

(b) Thus, Mr Thng and Mr Tay started discussing the possibility of the
defendant investing in the plaintiff’s fund. Mr Tay understood from his
discussions with Mr Thng that the plaintiff was looking to build up its
portfolio of Agritrade shares with an aim of eventually making an en-bloc sale
of the Agritrade shares at a high value as part of its investment strategy. In
particular, Mr Thng informed Mr Tay that the plaintiff was hoping to
eventually structure a sale or placement with or through an acquaintance of
his – an individual named “Saurav”.

(c) Mr Thng’s pitch was attractive to the defendant since the defendant was
seeking to raise funds to pay down a HK$ 20 million loan from Wealthy Hero.
The loan from Wealthy Hero was secured by the defendant pledging 80 million of
its Agritrade shares.

(d) The defendant was thus motivated to subscribe to the plaintiff as it hoped
to benefit from the plaintiff’s intended strategy of making an en-bloc sale of
Agritrade shares.

(e) In order to give the defendant some comfort about putting its Agritrade
shares with the plaintiff and the subsequent sale or placement with Saurav, Mr
Thng assisted the defendant in structuring a trade with Saurav as a “trial
run”. The plaintiff thus helped the defendant arrange a transaction to sell 13
million Agritrade shares to Saurav, through an entity known as Power One
Limited.

(f) In or around end-November 2019, Mr Thng and Mr Tay began discussing the
defendant’s potential investment into the plaintiff’s fund. Through these
discussions:

(i) Mr Thng offered Mr Tay a seat on the plaintiff’s board, and the terms of
this were being negotiated.

(ii) While Mr Thng did mention that the defendant’s Agritrade shares could
help the plaintiff with its margin issues, this was only mentioned in passing
and was not elaborated on. In the light of Mr Tay’s discussions with Mr Thng
and matters stated in certain presentation slides which, according to Mr Tay,
were given to him by Mr Thng during one of their meetings at the end of
November 2019, Mr Tay believed that the plaintiff had little or no leverage.

(iii) Mr Thng was aware that a good number of the defendant’s Agritrade Shares
were pledged to Wealthy Hero. Importantly, the defendant needed to maintain a
suitable buffer of Agritrade shares against a potential call for more
security, or as a pledge to secure an extension of time for repayment. The
timing and ease with which the defendant could transfer its Agritrade shares
would depend on the defendant’s ability to deal with Wealthy Hero.

33 So far as relevant, I address the differences between the evidence of Mr
Thng and Mr Tay further below.

34 In any event, it is common ground that, in or around end-November 2019, Mr
Thng handed the SAF, PPM and the plaintiff’s Articles of Association to Mr
Tay.

35 It is the plaintiff’s case that on 29 November 2019, Mr Thng handed Mr Tay
the relevant contracts for the defendant and Alliance East Asia Limited to
sell a total of 75 million Agritrade shares to Saurav, through Power One
Limited. The sale went through a few days later on or around 4 December 2019.
On 6 December 2019, the defendant and Alliance East Asia Limited collectively
received approximately S$ 7 million as consideration for the sale of their
Agritrade shares. I note for completeness that Mr Tay denies having control
and/or influence over Alliance East Asia Limited.

36 In final submissions, Counsel on behalf of the defendant made forceful
submissions with regard to the foregoing and, in particular, the “unenviable
task” facing the Court of having to decide between what were said to be the
“competing accounts” of how the SAF and PPM came to be signed viz. whether, on
the defendant’s case, the SAF and PPM were signed because the defendant was
persuaded to subscribe on the prospect of an eventual sale and “cash out” of
Agritrade shares or, as the plaintiff claims, the defendant’s subscription was
a quid pro quo for the plaintiff giving up an arrangement with Saurav, by
which the plaintiff would have been able to sell 75 million Agritrade shares
for S$ 7 million. On behalf of the defendant, it was said that deciding the
correct account is important because it informs the factual context in which
the parties entered into the SAF and PPM, and, consequently, addresses the
question of whether the defendant was obliged to transfer its shares by 31
December 2019. As formulated, I do not accept that submission. Whilst I
readily accept that the factual matrix and the parties’ conduct may be
relevant, the question whether the defendant undertook a contractual
obligation to transfer its shares by 31 December 2019 depends primarily on the
proper construction of the SAF and PPM – or at least that is the starting
point.

37 Be all this as it may, it is common ground that on 11 December 2019, the
plaintiff and the defendant signed the SAF and PPM (together, the “contract
documents”). As stated above, it is the plaintiff’s case that it was an
express term of these contract documents that the defendant was obliged to
transfer the Agritrade Shares to the plaintiff by 31 December 2019. In support
of that submission, the plaintiff relies upon the following express
provisions:

(a) The recital on page 2 of the SAF, which stipulated that the defendant was
to transfer the consideration for subscription (i.e. the defendant’s Agritrade
Shares) by the “Subscription Day”, which was defined as the first business day
of each month at page 15 of the PPM.

(b) Page 35 of the PPM, where it was stipulated that that the subscription
consideration must be received by the plaintiff by the “Subscription Dealing
Deadline”, which was defined as two business days before the proposed
Subscription Day.

(c) Page 36 of the PPM, where it was further stipulated that the directors of
the plaintiff had the absolute discretion to accept the subscription
consideration (i.e. the defendant’s Agritrade Shares) after the “Subscription
Dealing Deadline”.

38 It was on the basis of these provisions that the plaintiff submitted that,
(a) under the SAF and PPM, the defendant was obliged to subscribe to the
plaintiff and transfer the Agritrade Shares to the plaintiff by the
“Subscription Day”, which was the first business day of each month – i.e. in
this case, 2 January 2020 since the SAF and the PPM were executed after 1
December 2019; and that (b) since the defendant’s Agritrade Shares would have
to be transferred in accordance with the “Subscription Dealing Deadline” –
i.e. 2 business days before the “Subscription Day”, the said transfer had to
be made by 30 December 2019. However, the plaintiff says that it exercised its
contractual discretion to allow the defendant to transfer its lion Agritrade
Shares a day later, i.e. on 31 December 2019. Alternatively, the plaintiff
submits that on a true construction of the SAF and PPM, the defendant was
contractually required to transfer the Agritrade Shares to the plaintiff by 31
December 2019.

39 For present purposes, it is sufficient to note that the defendant disputes
that these provisions have the effect contended by the plaintiff. In
particular, as stated above, although the defendant accepts that it was
obliged to transfer the Agritrade Shares to the plaintiff, it denies that
there was any obligation to transfer those shares by 31 December 2019. As to
this dispute, I deal with the parties’ respective submissions below.

40 For the sake of completeness, I should mention that the plaintiff also
submitted in the alternative that it was an implied term of the SA that the
defendant was obliged to transfer the Agritrade Shares to the plaintiff as a
matter of urgency and as soon as possible in order to avoid the margin call by
Maybank, the potential for which was known to Mr Tay. Again, this is disputed
by the defendant and, so far as relevant, I deal with this issue below.

41 Another main issue between the parties concerns the purpose for which the
defendant agreed to subscribe to the plaintiff’s fund by transferring the
Agritrade Shares in specie and the state of Mr Tay’s knowledge with regard to
such purpose in the period up to and as at the date of the SA i.e. 11 December
2019. This topic is important – indeed crucial - with regard to the issue of
remoteness which I consider further below.

42 In essence, it was Mr Thng’s evidence that, as Mr Tay well knew, the
purpose of the SA was both to increase the plaintiff’s buffer against a
potential margin call and, in line with the plaintiff’s investment strategy as
an activist fund, for the plaintiff to have a larger stake in Agritrade which
would allow the plaintiff to have a larger say in management with a view to
structuring a 250 million share placement with Saurav in the future.

43 The evidence of Mr Tay with regard to this topic and, in particular,
whether he (Mr Tay) was aware of the plaintiff’s margin issues and that at
least one of the purposes for the agreement to transfer the Agritrade Shares
was to provide the plaintiff with an increased buffer against a potential
margin call was, at least in part, both contradictory and confusing. In
particular:

(a) In paragraph 10 of his affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”), Mr Tay
accepted that in or around early October 2019, he learnt from Mr Thng that the
plaintiff was looking to raise approximately US$ 1.3 million and that he
understood that this was because the plaintiff had some margin issues with
Maybank.

(b) In cross-examination, Mr Tay also accepted that he initially offered to
assist the plaintiff by acquiring some Agritrade shares from the plaintiff to
help with the plaintiff’s margin issue because Mr Thng was a friend.

(c) However, in paragraph 14 of his AEIC, Mr Tay stated that he learned that
the plaintiff eventually raised certain funds by selling some of its Agritrade
shares to other buyers and that he “surmised” that the plaintiff had sorted
out its issues with Maybank. In cross-examination, Mr Tay explained that the
basis of this statement in his AEIC was an exchange of WhatsApp messages
between himself and Mr Ee on 16 October 2019 when Mr Ee told him of a sale of
2.5m shares at HK$ 0.74; and, in further cross-examination, Mr Tay maintained
his position that as of late October 2019, his personal knowledge was that the
plaintiff had “cleared” its margin issue with Maybank. I do not accept that
evidence. The sale referred to by Mr Ee on 16 October 2019 would only have
generated about US$ 250,000 i.e. only a small portion of the US$ 1.3 million
which Mr Thng was looking to raise as Mr Tay acknowledged. Thus, in my view,
the evidence of Mr Tay that he “surmised” on the basis of this sale that the
plaintiff had sorted out its margin issues with Maybank is without any proper
justification.

(d) In reaching this conclusion, I also bear in mind that the market price of
Agritrade shares continued its downward trend during the remainder of October
and November as appears from the above table. If anything, that downward trend
would have exacerbated the risk of a margin call by Maybank at some stage in
the future.

(e) In passing, it is fair to say that in the middle of his cross-examination,
Mr Tay suggested out of the blue for the first time that his “surmise” that
the plaintiff had cleared its margin issues was based not only on his WhatsApp
exchange with Mr Ee but also on a conversation with Mr Thng. I do not accept
that suggestion. If Mr Thng had indeed told Mr Tay at any stage that the
plaintiff’s margin issues had been cleared, that would have been very
important evidence. As such, it is impossible or at least difficult to
understand why this was not mentioned by Mr Tay in his AEIC. Indeed, any such
suggestion would seem to be inconsistent with what Mr Tay does say in his AEIC
i.e. that he simply “surmised” that the plaintiff’s margin issues had been
cleared. Moreover, it was never suggested to Mr Thng in cross-examination that
he (Mr Thng) had told Mr Tay that the plaintiff’s margin issues had been
cleared.

(f) In paragraphs 27(b) and (c) of Mr Tay’s AEIC, I note that he states that
Mr Thng shared with him some marketing presentation slides touting the
plaintiff’s track record and that he (Mr Tay) noted that these reflected the
plaintiff’s investment risk management as “Zero leverage”. At trial, he said
these slides were shared with him around end-November 2019. On this basis, it
was submitted on the defendant’s behalf that these would have led the
defendant to understand and believe that the plaintiff was not facing any
margin issues in end-November 2019. However, as submitted on behalf of the
plaintiff, it seems that the particular slide referred to by Mr Tay was not up
to date and, if that is right, it cannot (at least by itself) refer to the
position as it was in the last quarter of 2019.

(g) In any event, Mr Tay’s evidence that his personal knowledge was that the
plaintiff’s margin issues had been cleared by late October 2019 also seems
difficult to square with the evidence in paragraph 27(d) of his AEIC where he
refers to discussions between Mr Thng and himself around a month later in or
around end-November 2019 and states that Mr Thng did mention in the course of
such discussions that the defendant’s Agritrade Shares could help the
plaintiff with its margin issues although, according to Mr Tay, this was only
“mentioned in passing and was not elaborated.” In particular:

(i) As stated above, it was (at least initially) Mr Tay’s evidence as stated
in his AEIC that as of late-October 2019, he “surmised” that the plaintiff had
“cleared its margin issue with Maybank”.

(ii) When cross-examined with regard to what he had stated in paragraph 27(d)
of his AEIC, Mr Tay’s initial evidence was that by end-November 2019, he “knew
[the plaintiff] had margin. Not margin issues”.

(iii) However, under further cross-examination, Mr Tay initially accepted that
(contrary to the evidence he had just given) he did know that the plaintiff
had margin issues as of end-November 2019 and that the defendant’s shares
could help with such margin issues. However, when it was then put to Mr Tay
that the defendant had knowledge of the plaintiff’s margin issues all along up
to the execution of the SA on 11 December 2019, he said: “I do not agree.”

(iv) In my view, if, as Mr Tay accepted, he knew as of end-November 2019 that
the plaintiff had margin issues and that the defendant’s shares could help
with such margin issues, there is no basis for suggesting otherwise only 11
days later when the SA was signed. Nothing of significance appears to have
happened during that very short period to change the position other than
perhaps the further decline in the market price of Agritrade shares from HK$
0.620 on 29 November 2019 to HK$ 0.570 on 11 December 2019 which, at least if
that downward trend continued, would only have exacerbated the risk of a
potential margin call by Maybank.

(v) That both parties understood that the intention behind the agreement to
transfer the Agritrade Shares was, at least in part, to help the plaintiff
“protect against the margin call” also appears from an audio recording
recorded during a meeting between Mr Thng and Mr Tay at a coffee shop on 23
January 2020.

44 It is equally fair to say that the evidence of Mr Thng with regard to the
plaintiff’s supposed margin issues towards the end of 2019 and what he
supposedly told Mr Tay with regard thereto prior to 11 December 2019 is also
somewhat limited. There is no contemporaneous documentary evidence to indicate
that Mr Thng told Mr Tay that the plaintiff had margin issues either in a
general sense or, more specifically, exactly what those margin issues were.
Even putting Mr Thng’s evidence at its highest, he does not suggest that such
supposed margin issues were specified or explained in any detail to Mr Tay. To
that extent, this would seem to tally with the evidence of Mr Tay that any
margin issues were only mentioned in passing but not elaborated upon by Mr
Thng.

45 Further, it is important to note that although the defendant had initially
pleaded (in paragraph 12(a) of the Defence) that prior to the defendant’s
intended subscription, the plaintiff’s MLF already had a high LTV Ratio, this
was subsequently deleted by way of Amendment No. 1. I have already touched on
this point earlier in this Judgment. Although there were differences between
the experts (essentially depending on the amount attributed to the “collateral
value”) as to the correct figure for the LTV Ratio in the last quarter of 2019
ranging from, according to Mr Tan, approximately 25% in September 2019 to 33%
in December 2019 and, according to Mr Kon, approximately 36% to 48% during
that same period, both experts agreed in the Joint Statement that these
figures did not amount to a high LTV Ratio.

46 In light of the foregoing, I find it impossible to reach a conclusion on
the evidence as to exactly what Mr Thng said to Mr Tay with regard to the
plaintiff’s margin issues in the period immediately before Mr Tay signed the
SA and Mr Tay’s state of knowledge with regard thereto. For present purposes,
it is sufficient to say that it is my conclusion that (a) Mr Tay was well
aware that at least one of the purposes for the defendant agreeing to transfer
the Agritrade Shares was to help the plaintiff with its margin issues so that
the plaintiff would have an appropriate buffer to prevent a margin call; and
(b) as an experienced trader Mr Tay would also have been well aware that (i)
if the market price of Agritrade shares continued to fall, the plaintiff’s LTV
Ratio would obviously rise and the Margin Ratio would obviously fall; (ii) in
that scenario, the potential for a margin call by Maybank would increase; and
(iii) if the defendant did not transfer the Agritrade Shares into the
plaintiff’s fund and the share price fell, it was at the very least not
unlikely that Maybank would make a margin call which the defendant could not
meet and then effect a forced sale of the plaintiff’s existing portfolio of
Agritrade shares (whether in whole or in part) causing the plaintiff potential
substantial losses. This conclusion is important in the context of the
defendant’s case that the losses now claimed by the plaintiff are too remote
in law, which I consider further below.

47 On 11 December 2019, following signing of the contract documents, Mr Thng
immediately sent an email to Swiss-Asia (copying Mr Tay) to provide the team
with a copy of the contract documents to get the defendant’s onboarding
process started. He also informed the team at Swiss-Asia to liaise directly
with Mr Tay if additional documents were required. Shortly thereafter, Mr Thng
also introduced Mr Tay to Mr Daniel Kwek (“Mr Kwek”) from Maybank by email to
coordinate the transfer of the defendant’s Agritrade Shares.

48 Also on 11 December 2019, after Mr Tay was introduced to Swiss-Asia and
Maybank, Ms Marilyn Chao (“Ms Chao”), a staff member of Swiss-Asia, emailed
Apex to inform them that the expected Subscription Day would be 2 January
2020. According to Mr Thng, Ms Chao did this because the parties involved in
facilitating the transaction knew and operated on the basis that the
Subscription Dealing Deadline under the contract documents was 30 December
2019 (i.e. 2 business days before 2 January 2020) although, according to Mr
Thng, the deadline was shifted back one day by the plaintiff to 31 December
2019.

49 Following the signing of the contract documents, the evidence of Mr Thng
was that Mr Tay “rushed” to get the bought-sold note (“BS Note”) signed so
that the transfer could be done by 31 December 2019. By way of clarification,
the BS Note was the agreed form for the transfer of the defendant’s Agritrade
Shares. According to Mr Thng, the urgency arose because, as appears from a
WhatsApp exchange between Mr Thng and Mr Tay on 16 December 2019, they were
both due to go overseas for their year-end vacation. Mr Thng’s account was
that Mr Tay rushed to make the necessary arrangements for Mr Thng to sign the
BS Note on 16 December 2019 so that he (Mr Tay) could hand the same over to
HKSLS, the defendant’s broker in Hong Kong. The BS Note required both Mr
Thng’s signature and Mr Tay’s signature to be effective. According to Mr Thng,
the fully executed BS Note would in turn enable the defendant to transfer the
Agritrade Shares by 31 December 2019 even though Mr Tay was on vacation. In
order to effect the said transfer, all Mr Tay had to do was to simply instruct
HKSLS to make the said transfer. In the event, the BS Note was duly signed on
16 December 2019. On the following day i.e. 17 December, Mr Tay brought the BS
Note with him to Hong Kong and paid the requisite stamp duty in Hong Kong
amounting to approximately HK$ 67,200. Mr Tay’s affidavit evidence was that he
had been intending to fly to Hong Kong on other business, and “felt that it
would be convenient” to have the BS Note executed and stamped on the same
trip.

50 On behalf of the plaintiff, it was submitted that the fact that Mr Tay and
Mr Thng “rushed” to get the BS Note signed supports the conclusion that the
transfer of shares was required to be done by 31 December 2019 and that Mr Tay
well understood that this was the case. This was disputed by the defendant. In
particular, it was submitted on behalf of the defendant that the fact that
steps were taken by Mr Tay to sign the BS Note and pay the stamp duty on 17
December 2019 was done “purely as a matter of convenience” because he (Mr Tay)
was going away for his year-end vacation and it was convenient to arrange for
the BS Note at the time. Indeed, as Mr Tay explained in evidence, if the
transfer deadline were imminent, he would not have then dropped everything
after 17 December 2019 and gone on holiday. Insofar as may be relevant, I
consider this further below.

51 Meanwhile, on 16 December 2019, Mr Thing sent an email to Mr Tay stating:
“Can u chase swissasia n ask when u can transfer the shares? U have investor
power now. Haha.”

52 To further expedite the onboarding process, Mr Thng followed up with an
email (copying Mr Tay) to the Swiss-Asia team and Mr Kwek from Maybank
instructing them to receive the defendant’s transfer of the Agritrade Shares
after CDD had been cleared:

Hi Swissasia team

Once the subscription is approved, proceed to receive the shares in my fund’s
maybank kim eng account. I have signed the bought sold note and Mr Tay is
holding on to it.

cc: Andy [Mr Ee], please see to it.

Thanks all.

Regards […]

[Emphasis added]

53 On 17 December 2019, there were further WhatsApp communications between Mr
Tay, Mr Ee and Mr Kwek regarding what Mr Tay described as the “incoming
transfer”.

54 Meanwhile, immediately after the contract documents were signed, both
Swiss-Asia and Apex also commenced CDD on the defendant. That process was
described and explained in detail by Ms Ho in her AEIC. As there stated, Ms Ho
confirmed that:

(a) Swiss-Asia’s CDD clearance is the only requirement for the transfer of the
shares. Apex’s CDD clearance is not a pre-requisite for the transfer of the
shares.

(b) Mr Tay was forthcoming and expeditious in responding to Swiss-Asia’s
requests for documents and information. He was also responsive and would
provide the required documents or information within very short timeframes.

(c) By 18 December 2019:

(i) Swiss-Asia's due diligence process had been completed.

(ii) The defendant had cleared Swiss-Asia's CDD process for the transfer of
the Agritrade Shares by the defendant to the plaintiff.

(iii) Apex had also completed a sufficient portion of the CDD process to
enable the transfer to be effected.

(d) From 18 December 2019, the defendant was able to transfer the Agritrade
Shares by 31 December 2019.

So far as relevant, Mr Thng and Mr Ee both gave evidence to similar effect.

55 In contrast, it was submitted on behalf of the defendant that from 17
December 2019 to 31 December 2019, Swiss-Asia and Apex were still conducting
due diligence checks on the defendant and processing the defendant’s
subscription application. Mr Tay’s evidence was that even after the BS Note
was signed and Swiss-Asia had cleared its CDD on 18 December 2019, it was
still not possible to immediately transfer the Agritrade Shares to the
plaintiff. However, Mr Tay could not give any satisfactory explanation as to
why there was any difficulty or other impediment in so doing after 18 December
2019. In its pleaded case, the defendant suggested that the transfer could not
be completed until Apex had performed its own checks. In particular, the
defendant had specifically amended its pleaded Defence to assert that it was
obliged to transfer the Agritrade Shares only after the necessary due
diligence was completed by the plaintiff, Swiss-Asia “and/or Apex” and the
necessary approvals obtained. It was thus only after the commencement of
proceedings that the defendant even suggested that completion of checks by
Apex, as opposed to just the plaintiff and Swiss-Asia, was necessary. However,
Mr Tay could not give a satisfactory explanation as to why this was so:
indeed, I found Mr Tay’s evidence in this context both evasive and not
credible. As referred to above, Ms Ho’s unchallenged evidence (which I accept)
was that as long as Swiss-Asia's CDD is cleared, an investor in the plaintiff
can proceed to provide the relevant consideration to the plaintiff as stated
in the contract; and that this is so even if the fund administrator, such as
Apex had not cleared CDD. In light of the foregoing, I reject Mr Tay’s
evidence to the contrary. I note for the avoidance of doubt that my analysis
here relates to whether the shares could have been transferred following the
clearance of Swiss-Asia’s CDD, and does not touch on the precise state of Mr
Tay’s knowledge of what was possible at the material point in time.

56 Thus, it is my conclusion that from 18 December 2019, the defendant was
able to transfer the Agritrade Shares to the plaintiff and that there was no
difficulty or impediment in so doing.

57 After the defendant had cleared Swiss-Asia’s CDD process, Mr Ee immediately
informed Mr Tay by WhatsApp message dated 18 December 2019 at 10.29am that the
defendant’s know-your-client requirements had been approved “on our side”. The
result was that the plaintiff was permitted under the Monetary Authority of
Singapore’s Notice SFA04-N02 (the “MAS Notice”) to onboard the defendant and
accept the defendant’s Agritrade Shares.

58 Thereafter, Mr Thng sent a number of WhatsApp messages chasing or reminding
Mr Tay to effect the transfer, including the following:

Date: 20.12.2019Time| Name| Message  
---|---|---  
3.55pm| Mr Thng| Bro, u overseas? Possible to complete documentation?  
4.36pm| Mr Tay| Yeah I’m away. Need time to prepare the rest  
4.58 pm| Mr Thng| Ok. Then when you back?  
8.10pm| Mr Tay| Jan  
8.10pm| Mr Tay| Or earliest 27  
8.32pm| Mr Thing| Ok. Your guys are preparing the required docs?  
  
Date: 26.12.2019Time| Name| Message  
---|---|---  
9.24pm| Mr Thng| Bro, what docs are required on your side still?  
10.07pm| Mr Tay| Tml I’ll head back to office  
10.08pm| Mr Thng| Cool. After that might need your help with william side.  
  
Date: 28.12.2019 Time:| Name| Message  
---|---|---  
8.47pm| Mr Thng| Anyway, your subscription done?  
9.20pm| Mr Tay| Left ctc on Thur  
9.42pm| Mr Thng| Steady bro  
  
59 Notwithstanding the above messages, it is important to note that the
defendant relies heavily on the fact that there were no reminders sent by the
plaintiff stating expressly and specifically that the defendant had to
transfer its Agritrade Shares by 31 December 2019. In cross-examination, Mr
Thng suggested somewhat tentatively for the first time that he had in fact
called Mr Tay to remind him “verbally” of the 31 December 2019 deadline.
However, if this had been the case, it is surprising that it was not mentioned
previously in Mr Thng’s AEIC; in these circumstances, I do not consider that
there is sufficient evidence to conclude that Mr Thng did in fact speak to Mr
Tay to tell him specifically of the deadline.

60 It is common ground that the defendant did not transfer the Agritrade
Shares to the plaintiff on 31 December 2019, or at any time thereafter.

61 At the beginning of 2020, the closing share price of Agritrade shares was
HK$ 0.570. Thereafter, the share price hovered at around that level for the
first few days of January 2020 and then, from about 9 January 2020, declined
quite rapidly, as appears from the following table:

Date| Closing price (HK$)| Trading volume  
---|---|---  
2 January 2020| 0.570| 2,219,048  
3 January 2020| 0.580| 4,050,000  
6 January 2020| 0.580| 3,716,890  
7 January 2020| 0.550| 10,675,000  
8 January 2020| 0.570| 2,780,000  
9 January 2020| 0.550| 2,625,000  
10 January 2020| 0.530| 2,175,000  
13 January 2020| 0.510| 3,055,000  
14 January 2020| 0.475| 6,322,000  
15 January 2020| 0.440| 9,315,000  
16 January 2020| 0.375| 34,350,000  
17 January 2020| 0.375| 14,080,000  
20 January 2020| 0.250| 129,640,000  
21 January 2020| 0.180| 333,320,000  
22 January 2020| 0.243| 53,038,330  
23 January 2020| 0.231| 21,000,000  
  
62 This decline in the share price of Agritrade shares, in particular from 13
January 2020, also appears from the following chart which formed part of Mr
Kon’s expert report:

![Chart, line chart

Description automatically generated](data:image/Png;base64,
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)

63 Meanwhile, it is important to note that it is the defendant’s case that
even after the alleged “deadline” of 31 December 2019 and with knowledge that
the Agritrade Shares had not been transferred, the plaintiff did not highlight
that the defendant had been remiss, nor did it seek to enforce the transfer of
the Agritrade Shares without delay; and that such silence or inaction by the
plaintiff is significant because the plaintiff was under a “duty to speak”.
This is disputed by the plaintiff. The plaintiff says that it did chase the
defendant for the shares after 31 December 2019. In that context, the
plaintiff relies, in particular, on the following communications between the
parties:

Date & Time| Name| Message  
---|---|---  
9.1.2020  
11.45am| Mr Ee| Good morning bro, when u free u check ur email, Sheryl need
some info from u for the shares transfer. Thanks.  
13.1.2020  
3.14pm| Mr Ee| Bro, u back from HK? Sorry to disturb u, my side need info on
your brokerage. Do reply on the email from Sheryl. Thanks.  
13.1.20203.15pm| Mr Tay| Ok let me get the info  
13.1.20203.15pm| Mr Ee| Thanks very much  
16.1.2020  
2.07pm| Mr Ee| Bro how is it going? managed to get the info for Sheryl?  
16.1.2020  
2.42pm| Mr Tay| Answering some queries on my end. Once cleared I’ll provide
the details for you.  
16.1.2020  
2.43pm| Mr Ee| got it. thanks for the update bro.  
  
Date & Time| Name| Message  
---|---|---  
16.1.2020  
7.11pm| Mr Thng| Shares coming in? If not, the subscription need to delay till
feb bro.  
16.1.2020  
7.11pm| Mr Thng| Ok  
16.1.2020  
7.12pm| Mr Thng| This one how?  
16.1.2020  
8.14pm| Mr Thng| Bro, your shares coming in? MBKE might force sell shares if
not coming in.  
16.1.2020  
8.17pm| Mr Tay| Yes coming. Meeting Xman first once green light I can do it in
a day  
  
64 By this stage, i.e. 16 January 2020, it can be seen from the table above at
[61] that the Agritrade share price had fallen to HK$ 0.375 per share.

65 At 8.37pm on 16 January 2020, Mr Ee sent a message to Mr Tay stating: “Bro.
Swiss asia side will be using end jan Nav. They said it will be too late as
Dec Nav already out. Subscription will be done in Feb.” According to Mr Thng
and Mr Ee, this was a mistake which Mr Thng clarified in the course of a
further WhatsApp exchange with Mr Tay the following day i.e. 17 January 2020:

Date: 17.01.2020  
Time| Name| Message  
---|---|---  
4.47pm| Mr Thng| Bro  
4.47pm| Mr Thng| Mbke needs your broker details for to take in the shares.  
4.47pm| Mr Thng| Urgent.  
5.49pm| Mr Tay| Bro. Swiss asia side will be using end jan Nav. They said it
will be too late as Dec Nav already out. Subscription will be done in Feb.From
Andy?  
5.58pm| Mr Thng| I told them to squeeze back for dec nav.  
  
On behalf of the defendant, it was submitted that the assertions by Mr Thng
and Mr Ee that the message at 8.37pm on 16 January 2020 was sent mistakenly by
Mr Ee were untrue. So far as relevant, I deal with this further below.

66 That evening, i.e. Friday 17 January 2020, the closing price for Agritrade
shares was HK$ 0.375 per share. Following that weekend, on the market opening
on Monday 20 January 2020, the price had fallen to HK$ 0.370 per share.
Thereafter, during the day, it continued a further steep decline, closing at
4.00pm at HK$ 0.250 per share. I set out at Annex 1 to this Judgment a table
showing the opening prices and trading volumes of Agritrade shares at 15
minute intervals from 16 January 2020 to 23 January 2020.

67 Meanwhile, on 16 January 2020, AIPL (i.e. the controlling shareholder of
Agritrade) had filed an application in the Singapore High Court pursuant to s
211B(1) of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) of Singapore for a
moratorium for the purpose of precluding, among other things: (a) the
commencement or continuation of legal proceedings against AIPL or its assets;
(b) appointment of a receiver or manager; (c) taking steps to enforce any
security over any property of AIPL; and (d) winding up of AIPL, for a period
of six months from the date of the moratorium (the “Moratorium Application”).
I bear well in mind that the Moratorium Application was directed at APIL
rather than Agritrade. However, given that APIL was, as stated above, the
majority shareholder in Agritrade, there can, in my judgment, be no doubt
that, in the ordinary course, the making of such an application and a fortiori
a moratorium order would (if and when made public) have created a significant
downward pressure on the Agritrade share price.

68 In that context, it is certainly interesting to note that before 16 January
2020, the volume of shares traded daily on the market was relatively low; but
on that day i.e. Thursday 16 January 2020, the number of shares traded then
spiked to some 34,350,000 shares, falling back on Friday 17 January 2020 to
14,080,000 before spiking hugely after the weekend during Monday 20 January
2020 to a much higher figure of 129,640,000 shares. It is important to note
that these trades occurred before the release of the public notice of the
Moratorium Application (and accompanying automatic moratorium) at 7.34pm on 20
January 2020 (the “Moratorium Announcement”), after the market had closed that
day. The timing is important for reasons which I address later in this
Judgment. It is also important to note that Mr Tay’s evidence was that he was
not aware of the Moratorium Application until sometime after the issuance of
the public notice, and probably not until the following day i.e. 21 January
2020.

69 Meanwhile, at 8.11am on Monday 20 January 2020 i.e. before the opening of
the market, Maybank’s representative, Morris Teo, told Mr Thng of a margin
call for S$ 235,000 over WhatsApp. Shortly thereafter, the opening price at
9.30am was HK$ 0.370. By 10.30am, the share price had fallen approximately 20%
to HK$ 0.300 per share. A few minutes later, at 10.35am, Morris Teo sent Mr
Thng a further WhatsApp message stating: “… immediate margin call now as price
tanked today. S$1.3m” .

70 The plaintiff’s pleaded case is that on 20 January 2020, its LTV Ratio
reached 70.87%, crossing the margin trigger threshold. However, it is
important to note that the plaintiff did not adduce evidence in these
proceedings from Morris Teo (or anyone else from Maybank) to explain (a) how
Maybank had calculated the initial margin call of S$ 235,000, or the later
margin call of S$ 1.3 million, or even the figure of 70.87% just mentioned; or
(b) what Maybank would have done in the counter-factual situation i.e. if the
defendant had transferred the Agritrade Shares to the plaintiff at any time
prior to 20 January 2020. The failure by the plaintiff to call any evidence
from Morris Teo or anyone else from Maybank relating to these matters was the
subject of robust criticism by Counsel of behalf of the defendant. So far as
relevant, I address such criticism below.

71 For present purposes, it is sufficient to note that although both experts
agreed that the margin trigger threshold had been triggered on 20 January 2020
so as to entitle Maybank to make a margin call and to force sell at least some
of the plaintiff’s Agritrade shares, there was a significant difference
between them as to the extent to which the LTV Ratio had been exceeded and the
Margin Ratio breached on that day. Further, and perhaps more important, there
was also a significant difference between them as to what the counter-factual
position would have been i.e. on the assumption that the defendant had
transferred the Agritrade Shares to the plaintiff.

72 In paragraph 4.9 of his original report, the defendant’s expert, Mr Kon,
summarised his calculations with regard to what he called Scenario A (i.e. the
actual position) and Scenario B (i.e. the counter-factual position assuming
that the defendant had transferred the Agritrade Shares to the plaintiff) as
at 3.15pm on 20 January 2020 in Table 3, which I set out below:

![Graphical user interface

Description automatically generated](data:image/Png;base64,
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)

As appears from this table, in the case of Scenario B (Column F), the Margin
Ratio was, on the basis of Mr Kon’s calculations, above 140%. On this basis,
Mr Kon stated in paragraph 4.11 of his original expert report, that in
Scenario B (i.e. the counter-factual situation), a margin call would not have
been triggered on 20 January 2020. This was the same conclusion (albeit on
different figures) as that reached by the plaintiff’s expert, Mr Tan, and in
line with the plaintiff’s case. However, in the course of the trial shortly
before Mr Kon was due to give evidence, he (Mr Kon) explained in a further
AEIC that he had made a mistake i.e. whereas he had originally used a share
price of HK$ 0.285 per share to calculate the Margin Ratio as set out in the
original Table 3, he had inadvertently failed to notice that the share price
had in fact fallen below that figure to HK$ 0.280 per share at 2.15pm on 20
January 2020; that recomputing the figures using that lower figure, his
conclusion was that the Margin Ratio would have fallen below 140% in the
counter-factual situation at that time; and that, on this basis and contrary
to his original conclusion, Maybank would in any event have been entitled to
make a margin call even if the defendant had transferred the Agritrade Shares
to the plaintiff. If correct, that conclusion is of considerable importance
when considering the plaintiff’s claim for damages. I consider this further
below. For present purposes, I would simply note that this volte face by Mr
Kon was hotly disputed by the plaintiff’s expert, Mr Tan, and by Counsel on
behalf of the plaintiff.

73 Be all this as it may, it was, as I have said, common ground that (a)
Maybank was entitled to make the margin calls which it made on 20 January
2020; (b) the plaintiff was unable to meet those margin calls; and (c)
accordingly, from about 3.15pm onwards, Maybank force sold (as it was entitled
to do) some 30 million of the plaintiff’s Agritrade shares at an average price
of HK$ 0.1957 per share, which was slightly above the closing price of HK$
0.250 per share at 4.00pm on that day.

74 Meanwhile, during that day, there were various increasingly frenetic
WhatsApp exchanges between Mr Thng and Mr Tay both before and after the sale
of these Agritrade shares by Maybank:

Date 20.01.2020Time| Name| Message  
---|---|---  
11.26am| Mr Thng| Bro broker details  
11.27am| Mr Thng| If not they will force sell  
11.27am| Mr Thng| Quick  
11.27am| Mr Thng| I have less than 15mins  
11.34am| Mr Thng| [Missed voice call]  
11.35am| Mr Thng| [Image omitted]I NEED THIS AND BROKER DETAILS  
11.43am| Mr Thng| Bro, details quick. Tks.  
11.54am| Mr Thng| How bro?  
11.54am| Mr Thng| Got details?  
11.57am| Mr Tay| Settlement information:Broker name : Hong Kong Stock Link
Securities LimitedCCASS Participant ID : B01404Contact Person : Mr. Sam
CheungContact No. : 25226817 Direct / 25302213 GeneralContact Email :
sam@hongkongstocklink.com.hk  
11.59am| Mr Thng| Ok. Tks. I coming over. U in office?  
12.03pm| Mr Tay| Maybe later in the afternoon?  
12.03pm| Mr Thng| [Missed voice call]  
12.04pm| Mr Thng| Bro  
12.05pm| Mr Thng| How many shares u all have that is unencumbered?  
12.10pm| Mr Thng| Bro  
12.10pm| Mr Thng| Sam cheung knows of the transfer?  
12.12pm| Mr Thng| I can make the shares come back  
12.12pm| Mr Thng| But I need speedy responses to help. If not all die.  
12.55pm| Mr Tay| [Image omitted]  
12.55pm| Mr Tay| The Starbucks opposite capita green  
[…]  
2.31pm| Mr Thng| Bro, what’s the plan?  
2.49pm| Mr Thng| Transfer in the shares. If not MBKE will force sell.  
2.49pm| Mr Tay| He got no plan bro  
3.39pm| Mr Thng| Bro  
3.39pm| Mr Thng| Since all dead, let’s come for coffee.  
7.53pm| Mr Thng| How bro? Any plans?  
  
75 As also stated above, later that evening after trading closed on 20 January
2020, notice of the Moratorium Application was released and made public by a
formal notice.

76 At 8.56am on the next day, 21 January 2020, Maybank issued a further
immediate margin call for S$ 1.27 million. Again, I note that there is no
evidence from Maybank as to how this figure was calculated. Shortly
thereafter, the opening price at 9.30am fell further to HK$ 0.240. As appears
from Annex 1, the price then continued to decline during that day, closing at
4.00pm at HK$ 0.180 per share. In the course of that day, Maybank force sold a
further 127,745,000 shares in two tranches, viz 20,000,000 shares at HK$ 0.170
and a further 107,745,000 shares at HK$ 0.18344, equivalent to an average
price of HK$ 0.1813 per share. The precise timings of these sales are
uncertain, but the prices achieved would seem to indicate that such sales must
have occurred at least some time after opening, when the market price was
still HK$ 0.240.

77 During that day i.e. 21 January 2020, there were further WhatsApp messages
exchanged between Mr Thng and Mr Tay:

Date & Time| Name| Message  
---|---|---  
21.01.20209.01am| Mr Thng| Bro, my issue is solved. Got some cash transferred
from taiwan. But if u can honor the transfer, will be good. Tks.  
21.01.20209.14am| Mr Tay| [Sent a 2 page document]  
21.01.20209.15am| Mr Thng| Saw this. But the trf is outside this order ma  
21.01.20204.39pm| Mr Thng| Bro, coffee later?  
21.01.20206.34pm| Mr Thng| U in HK bro?  
21.01.20206.36pm| Mr Tay| Sorry man too ashamed to face you  
21.01.20206.39pm| Mr Thng| Dont say so bro  
21.01.20206.39pm| Mr Thng| We r still friends.  
21.01.20206.40pm| Mr Thng| So how? Wanna coffee?  
21.01.20206.55pm| Mr Thng| Let me sort out some mess first. I’ll look for you  
21.01.20206.56pm| Mr Thng| Ok  
21.01.20207.14pm| Mr Thng| I managed to clear my issues. Brought back money
from taiwan. Dont be guilty bro.  
21.01.20207.15pm| Mr Tay| Not my intention to f[***] you like this  
21.01.20207.16pm| Mr Thng| Dont worry la. I got many of my trader/fund mgr
friends to absorb the shares. Good thing is I’ve no more margin! Haha. Praise
the Lord.  
21.01.202010.09pm| Mr Thng| Bro, 60m shares really cannot transfer?  
21.01.202010.28pm| Mr Tay| Really cannot  
21.01.202010.48pm| Mr Thng| Put in share class A. I’m fine with it.  
  
78 On 22 January 2020, there were yet further exchanges between Mr Thng and Mr
Tay via WhatsApp:

Date & Time| Name| Message  
---|---|---  
22.01.20201.57am| Mr Thng| Please put the shares in the fund. Will let u
withdraw anytime at zero costs. If u have no use for the shares yet, we can
still cash out for u at much higher price because we want to start some
action. My margin has been cleared so u don’t have to worry that the shares
will be gone.  
22.01.202010.26am| Mr Thng| [Image omitted]Bro, do me the favour pls? The fund
has zero margin. The shares r safe n will be intact.  
[…]  
22.01.202010.55am| Mr Tay| I meet you tomorrow  
22.01.202010.55am| Mr Thng| Today? Sorry super urgent.  
22.01.202011.14am| Mr Tay| No margin alr right? But still urgent?  
22.01.202011.49am| Mr Thng| No margin at all bro  
22.01.202011.50am| Mr Thng| Urgent because fund admin n swissasia ask a lot of
questions.  
[…]  
22.01.20201.19pm| Mr Thng| Raymond is doing more n more work to average his
cost. The fund is a source of cash out for your shares bro. Especially since
your shares are on standby. My impending issues are not monetary but lawsuits
from investors if your shares dont come in. U all already put me in a position
where I might be stoned. I should hv done the trade with saurav myself. The
least u all can do is inject the shares as promised.  
[…]  
22.01.20204.21pm| Mr Thng| When have I screw u bro?  
22.01.20204.22pm| Mr Tay| It’s not about screwing it’s about math  
22.01.20204.22pm| Mr Thng| I know the math more than anyone.  
22.01.20204.22pm| Mr Thng| I’m not here to use people to make money  
22.01.20204.22pm| Mr Tay| Bro, it make sense to everyone else except me  
22.01.20204.23pm| Mr Tay| As an investor.. how is putting in beneficial for
me?  
22.01.20204.23pm| Mr Tay| Tell me putting in make me more $ than leaving it
outside  
[…]  
22.01.20204.31pm| Mr Thng| Theres a reason y price went up today. N ray will
only place shares for saurav, fund n himself. The more shares commingled in
the fund, the tighter we are, the higher we can get out.  
22.01.20207.44pm| Mr Thng| What time should we meet tmr? I worked the math. We
worked together for so long. U know I never F anyone. But truth is I kena F
this time round. But still, I have a solution that xw always maintain 60m
shares until a placement is done. Let’s meet early n resolve.  
  
79 On 23 January 2020, Maybank sold the last relatively small tranche of the
plaintiff’s Agritrade shares i.e. 250,000 shares at an average price of HK$
0.2211 per share.

80 On that same day i.e. 23 January 2020, there was also an important face-to-
face meeting in a coffee shop between Mr Thng and Mr Tay. The meeting was
partially recorded by Mr Thng, and included the following exchange:

Name| Transcript  
---|---  
Mr Thng| Okay, so they told me your investor is legally binded [sic] to get in
on 31 December NAV, correct or not?  
Mr Tay| Hmm  
Mr Thng| Okay, so bro, I’m telling you this, when you are legally binded [sic]
to get in. (Mr Tay: Hmm) On 9th January at Swiss Asia we had a board
resolution saying that okay special, we let Open Faith come in for December 31
NAV. And from that time, they have been chasing you for the share transfer.  
Mr Tay| Hmm  
Mr Thng| Because the shares are already ready. (Mr Tay: Right.) Right?  
Mr Thng| But you intentionally don’t want to transfer. Correct or not?  
Mr Tay| Hmm Hmm  
Mr Thng| You don’t want to transfer because you feel that the margin point is
coming. You want everybody to die first then you come in.  
Mr Tay| Correct.  
Mr Thng| Right? But do you know that that is actually illegal because you
already signed for 31 December, right? That is legally binding. And you know
all along that the intention of having this fund, err your 60 million shares
in the fund is to protect against the margin call, right? (Mr Tay: Hm) Which,
if your 60 million shares came into the fund, today the number of shares that
will be retained in the fund is easily still about 138 million shares, even
after clearing the margin, right?  
Mr Tay| No what, if I put in, I will die also. We will all die together.  
Mr Thng| No! Because (for) the margin call, we don’t have to clear everything,
we just have to clear only above the breach ratio, you get what I mean?  
Mr Tay| No, the price drop until like that you can calculate one. (If) you
want, we can work out the math together. It is not going to be the same.  
Mr Thng| Correct but you signed the document, you legally binded [sic]
yourself to come on 31 December. So I have no choice from a fund manager’s
perspective and from a director’s perspective…  
Mr Tay| Okay, then I tell you what. I am going to put in, I will redeem the
next day. I just transfer you 7 million and we offset the rest.  
Mr Thng| I mean that is … ah okay, so that is possible. I am telling you that
is possible, but …  
Mr Tay| Okay lor, then we will do that ah, I am not going to put it in.  
Mr Thng| Okay, but let me see what Swiss Asia wrote…  
Mr Tay| Obviously I thought I am going to take a loss…  
  
81 On 28 January 2020, Mr Tay and Mr Thng had a heated exchange over WhatsApp
culminating in Mr Tay observing that it seemed that he was “losing at the
start” and that he should be “calling the investigation and querying”. Mr Thng
replied to point out that it could be proved that, had Mr Tay’s shares “c[o]me
in, there will be no margin call”. Mr Thng asked what Mr Tay intended to do,
emphasising that he (i.e. Mr Thng) was “really trying to settle cordially”.
With no response from Mr Tay, Mr Thng pointed out that he believed Mr Tay’s
conscience still spoke to him, and that Mr Tay knew that he “screwed everyone
in the fund” on 21 January 2020. Mr Thng suggested that they cordially mediate
the matter with Swiss-Asia thereafter, but Mr Tay did not reply.

82 On 29 January 2020, the plaintiff sent a letter of demand to the defendant
demanding payment for the loss it had suffered from the forced sale of its
Agritrade shares.

83 On 3 February 2020, this Suit was commenced.

The Issues

84 Against that background, I turn to consider the main issues. There was some
dispute between the parties as to the precise formulation of these main
issues. However, I would summarise them as follow:

(a) Issue 1: Was there an agreement between the parties that the defendant was
obliged to transfer the Agritrade Shares to the plaintiff by 31 December 2019?

(b) Issue 2: Was there an implied term that the defendant’s obligation to
transfer the Agritrade Shares only arose after the due diligence and
subscription application process had been completed?

(c) Issue 3: Did the plaintiff waive the requirement for the defendant to
transfer the Agritrade Shares by 31 December 2019 and/or is the plaintiff
estopped from so contending?

(d) Issue 4: Did the defendant’s breach (if any) cause any, and if so what,
loss to the plaintiff, and is any such loss irrecoverable because it is too
remote?

Issue 1: Was there an agreement between the parties that the defendant would
transfer the Agritrade Shares to the plaintiff by 31 December 2019?

85 I have already summarised the plaintiff’s case with regard to this central
issue and the particular provisions of the SAF and PPM relied upon.

86 Before considering the defendant’s case, it is necessary to deal briefly
with one minor issue viz. whether the relevant date was 30 December 2019 or 31
December 2019. At the end of the day, this does not seem to me to be crucial
because it was common ground that the plaintiff was entitled to exercise its
discretion to change the subscription date so that if, on the plaintiff’s
case, the original date was 30 December 2019, it was open to the plaintiff to
exercise that discretion and change the date to 31 December 2019. The evidence
of Mr Thng was that as the plaintiff and defendant had agreed that the
Agritrade Shares were to be transferred using the NAV on 31 December 2019, the
plaintiff therefore exercised its contractual discretion under the contract
documents to allow the defendant to transfer its Agritrade Shares by 31
December 2019 as it was the plaintiff’s usual practice to allow investors to
transfer the shares on the last business day of the month, corresponding to
the date of the NAV that would be used for the valuation of the Agritrade
Shares. I accept that evidence.

87 However, there was, at least initially, a dispute between the parties as to
whether the defendant had been informed that the plaintiff had exercised its
contractual discretion. The evidence in relation to that issue was somewhat
confusing although, again, I do not think that this issue is crucial. In
cross-examination, Mr Tay admitted that he understood that the subscription
date was in fact changed to 31 December 2019. However, it is not easy to fit
that evidence in with the rest of the defendant’s case. Be that as it may and
subject to the defendant’s other submissions, I proceed on the basis that, at
least on the plaintiff’s case, the subscription date had been extended from 30
December to 31 December 2019.

88 In summary, it was the defendant’s case that with the proper appreciation
of the factual context leading up to the signing of the SAF and PPM, 31
December 2019 was not the agreed deadline for the defendant to transfer the
Agritrade Shares.

89 As to the applicable legal principles, the defendant relied upon the
following:

(a) The Court may consider the factual context when interpreting a contract:
see CIFG Special Assets Capital I Ltd (formerly known as Diamond Kendall Ltd)
v Ong Puay Koon and others and another appeal [2018] 1 SLR 170, in particular
at [19]:

… (a) The starting point is that one looks to the text that the parties have
used (see Lucky Realty Co Pte Ltd v HSBC Trustee (Singapore) Ltd [2016] 1 SLR
1069 at [2]).

(b) At the same time, it is permissible to have regard to the relevant context
as long as the relevant contextual points are clear, obvious and known to both
parties (see Zurich Insurance (Singapore) Pte Ltd v B-Gold Interior Design &
Construction Pte Ltd [2008] 3 SLR(R) 1029 at [125], [128] and [129]).

(c) The reason the court has regard to the relevant context is that it places
the court in “the best possible position to ascertain the parties’ objective
intentions by interpreting the expressions used by [them] in their proper
context” (see Sembcorp Marine Ltd v PPL Holdings Pte Ltd [2013] 4 SLR 193 at
[72]).

(d) In general, the meaning ascribed to the terms of the contract must be one
which the expressions used by the parties can reasonably bear (see, eg, Yap
Son On v Ding Pei Zhen [2017] 1 SLR 219 at [31]).

(b) Singapore law has consistently affirmed the relevance of the context when
interpreting the terms of a contract: Y.E.S. F&B Group Pte Ltd v Soup
Restaurant Singapore Pte Ltd (formerly known as Soup Restaurant (Causeway
Point) Pte Ltd) [2015] 5 SLR 1187 at [34], which states that when the text of
a contract is ambiguous “… it is clear that the relevant context will
generally be of the first importance …” (emphasis original).

(c) The Singapore Courts are open to relying on prior negotiations and
subsequent conduct to interpret a contract. In Zurich Insurance (Singapore)
Pte Ltd v B-Gold Interior Design & Construction Pte Ltd [2008] 3 SLR(R) 1029,
the Court of Appeal stated at [132(d)] that “there should be no absolute or
rigid prohibition against evidence of previous negotiations or subsequent
conduct, although, in the normal case, such evidence is likely to be
inadmissible for non-compliance with the requirements [of relevancy, clarity,
and availability to the parties]”.

90 I accept the foregoing as a brief summary of the relevant applicable
principles at least with regard to matters existing prior to the contract.
Turning to the position under Singapore law with regard to subsequent conduct,
I was referred by Counsel on behalf of the plaintiff to MCH International Pte
Ltd and others v YG Group Pte Ltd and others and other appeals [2019] 2 SLR
837 (“MCH International”) at [20] and Hewlett-Packard Singapore (Sales) Pte
Ltd v Chin Shu Hwa Corinna [2016] 2 SLR 1083 (“Hewlett-Packard Singapore”) at
[56], where the Court of Appeal refused to express a definitive view on the
admissibility of subsequent conduct for the purposes of contractual
interpretation. In Hewlett-Packard Singapore, the Court of Appeal noted at
[55]–[56] that in the event that subsequent conduct was to be admitted, the
court also had to bear the following criteria in mind viz (i) the evidence of
the subsequent conduct must be relevant, reasonably available to all the
contracting parties, and relate to a clear and obvious context; (ii) the
principle of objectively ascertaining contractual intention(s) remains
paramount; and accordingly, (iii) the subsequent conduct must always go toward
proof of what the parties, from an objective viewpoint, ultimately agreed
upon.

91 Since the decision in Hewlett-Packard Singapore, I should note that there
have been some further cases dealing with this topic. Thus, in Ngee Ann
Development Pte Ltd v Takashimaya Singapore Ltd [2017] 2 SLR 627 (“Ngee Ann
Development”), the Court of Appeal referred to subsequent conduct to determine
the parties’ agreement on the meaning of a term of the contract at [86],
observing that these events “reflect[ed] the parties’ understanding” of how a
particular term was to be put into effect. The position in Ngee Ann
Development applying subsequent conduct as an aid to contractual
interpretation was later highlighted in Centre for Laser and Aesthetic
Medicine Pte Ltd v GPK Clinic (Orchard) Pte Ltd and others and another appeal
[2018] 1 SLR 180 at [51], where the Court of Appeal observed that subsequent
conduct in contractual interpretation was permissible, but is “in general only
of relevance if the subsequent conduct provides cogent evidence of the
parties’ agreement at the time when the contract was concluded” (emphasis
original). Finally, in Solomon Alliance Management Pte Ltd v Pang Chee Kuan
[2019] 4 SLR 577 at [73] and Tembusu Growth Fund II Ltd and another v Yee Fook
Khong and another [2020] SGHC 104 (“Tembusu”) at [81] et seq, the High Court
also directly applied post-contractual conduct as an aid in contractual
interpretation. The appeal against the High Court’s decision in Tembusu was
dismissed by the Court of Appeal.

92 Consistent with these authorities, the starting point is the language which
appears in the Contract. As to the contractual language here, I have already
summarised the particular provisions relied upon by the plaintiff in support
of its case that the defendant undertook to transfer the Agritrade Shares by
31 December 2019. In summary, it was the defendant’s case that the wording was
not clear; that a plain reading of the terms relied upon by the plaintiff does
not give the reader a clear understanding of what the obligations were; that
these same clauses can suggest that the deadline for transferring the
Agritrade Shares need not necessarily be the end of the same month in which
the SAF and PPM are signed; and that the use of the words “relevant” and
“proposed” leave it open to parties to stipulate any month in a year for the
subscription to take place.

93 In particular, it was submitted on behalf of the defendant as follows:

(a) Under the section titled “Where payment is to be made wholly or partly in
specie”, it is stated that the subscriber “will transfer the assets described
below to the Company on or before the Closing Date or (as the case may be)
before the relevant Subscription Day, free of any mortgage, charge, pledge,
lien, share, option or other encumbrance prior to any Shares being issued”
(emphasis added).

(b) “Subscription Day” is defined as “the first Business Day of each month
and/or such other day or days in addition thereto or in substitution therefor,
as the Directors may from time to time determine, either generally or in a
particular case”.

(c) “Subscription Dealing Deadline” is defined in the PPM as “…a Business Day
which is two (2) Business Days before the proposed Subscription Day, or such
other period or day as the Directors may from time to time determine, either
generally or in any particular case”(emphasis added).

(d) There is no entire agreement clause in the SAF and PPM.

94 For these reasons, it was submitted on behalf of the defendant that the
factual context leading up to the signing of the SAF and the PPM on 11
December 2019 therefore plays an important role in interpreting these
contracts.

95 In my view, the contractual provisions relied upon by the plaintiff are
clear, i.e. the effect of those provisions (in the events which occurred as
summarised above) is, as submitted on behalf of the plaintiff, that the
defendant was obliged to transfer the Agritrade Shares by 31 December 2019 at
the latest. There is no question of ambiguity. In such circumstances, I am
doubtful that it is permissible to look outside of the Contract to determine
the defendant’s obligation. However, insofar as that exercise may be
permissible and relevant, I consider briefly the main points relied upon by
the defendant.

96 First, it was submitted on behalf of the defendant that there was, at the
very least, a serious question of credibility with regard to Mr Thng’s
evidence concerning what he described as the “First Option” and the alleged
involvement of Saurav; that an adverse inference should be drawn against the
plaintiff because of its failure to produce its messages with Saurav and to
call Saurav to give evidence to corroborate Mr Thng’s account; and that the
Court should prefer the defendant’s version of what happened. As I have
already stated, it is my view that the evidence concerning the potential
arrangement with Saurav is peripheral to the main issues which I have to
decide for the purposes of the present case, and that it is unnecessary to
reach any final determination with regard to that aspect of the case. In
particular, I do not consider that such evidence ultimately assists either the
plaintiff or the defendant with regard to the proper construction of the SAF
and the PPM.

97 Second, of greater potential significance is the submission made on behalf
of the defendant that out of the defendant’s holdings of some 160 million
Agritrade shares, about half (i.e. 80 million shares) were encumbered; and
that the defendant could not transfer the remaining unencumbered shares
because it had to maintain a sufficient number of unencumbered Agritrade
shares to address its liabilities to Wealthy Hero. In a sense, that submission
proves too much because if, in truth, the defendant could not transfer the
remaining unencumbered shares to the plaintiff, it is difficult, if not
impossible, to understand why the defendant decided to sign the SAF and the
PPM at all. However, in my view, that submission misstates or at least
overstates what Mr Tay actually said at [40] of his AEIC. In particular, Mr
Tay did not say that he “could not” transfer the unencumbered shares. All he
said was that the Wealthy Hero Agreement complicated the ease and timing with
which the defendant could transfer its Agritrade Shares to the plaintiff. In
particular, it was submitted on behalf of the defendant that these shares had
to be unencumbered and readily available in case Wealthy Hero needed more
security. However, the transfer of the shares into the plaintiff’s fund would
not have constituted any encumberment in the ordinary sense of that term: in
return for such transfer-in, the defendant would have been entitled to receive
and would have received shares in the plaintiff’s fund which should have been
of equal value. So it is difficult, if not impossible, to understand the
defendant’s submission that the defendant could not transfer the unencumbered
shares into the plaintiff’s fund. Be all this as it may, and putting Mr Tay’s
evidence at its highest, any potential complications (if they existed) are, in
my view, of little, if any, assistance in determining the defendant’s
obligations under the SAF and PPM.

98 Third, the defendant contended that the subsequent conduct of the parties
after 11 December 2019 was further corroboration that the parties did not
consider that the defendant was contractually obliged to transfer the
Agritrade Shares by 31 December 2019. In particular, the defendant relied on
the fact that there were no reminders or messages to Mr Tay specifically
mentioning the 31 December 2019 deadline. As formulated, that is factually
correct. However, even on the assumption that subsequent conduct is
admissible, absent some form of variation, waiver, or estoppel, such conduct
in the present case did not, in my view, affect whatever contractual
obligations were undertaken by the defendant in the SAF and PPM. There is no
pleaded case by the defendant of any contractual variation; and I deal briefly
with the defendant’s case of waiver and estoppel below.

99 Nor does such conduct, in my view, necessarily inform the proper
construction of the provisions of the SAF and PPM. Although the documents do
not show a specific reference to the deadline of 31 December 2019, the
messages exchanged between Mr Thng, Mr Tay, and Mr Ee do, in my view, indicate
that, on its side at least, the plaintiff was dealing with the arrangements
for the transfer as a matter of urgency, and also chasing the defendant to
transfer the shares. In particular, I bear in mind the interactions with
Swiss-Asia, the arrangements made concerning the signing of the BS Note, and
the various WhatsApp messages on 16, 20 and 28 December 2019 and 8, 9, 13, 16,
17, 20 and 28 January 2020. I have already quoted the relevant exchanges above
and do not propose to repeat myself. In passing, I should mention that it was
submitted on behalf of the defendant that the signing of the BS Note was only
a matter of convenience. I do not accept that submission. In my view, it is at
least consistent with the plaintiff’s case that Mr Tay was well aware that the
transfer was to be completed by 31 December 2019.

100 With regard to subsequent conduct, the defendant relied, in particular, on
the WhatsApp message sent by Mr Thng to Mr Tay on 16 January 2020 at 7.11pm
(“Shares coming in? If not, the subscription need to delay till feb bro.”) and
the WhatsApp message sent by Mr Ee to Mr Tay later that same evening at 8.37pm
(“Bro. Swiss asia side will be using end jan Nav. They said it will be too
late as Dec Nav already out. Subscription will be done in Feb.” Mr Tay
forwarded Mr Ee’s message to Mr Thng on 17 January 2020 and Mr Thng replied:
“I told them to squeeze back for dec nav.” In my view, these WhatsApp messages
provide no assistance to the defendant for at least three reasons. First, the
reference in the first message to the need to “delay” the subscription is , if
anything, consistent with the plaintiff’s case that the subscription was, by
the date of that message, late and should have been completed earlier. Second,
the reference in the second message that it was “…too late as Dec Nav already
out...” is also consistent with the plaintiff’s case that the subscription
should have been made by 31 December 2019. Third, the reference in the
messages to the effect that the subscription would have to be delayed or done
in February is not inconsistent with the defendant’s obligation under the SAF
and PPM to effect the transfer by 31 December 2019, nor does it suggest that
there was any waiver by the plaintiff of such obligation. Properly read, those
messages simply recognise that the defendant was late in performing its
contractual obligation and, unsurprisingly, seek to explain what would have to
happen as a result of the defendant’s delay in failing to transfer the
Agritrade Shares.

101 In support of its case, the plaintiff relied upon a number of what it said
were certain “admissions” by Mr Tay that the defendant had breached the SAF
and the PPM – in particular, the statements made in the WhatsApp messages
referred to above i.e. “Sorry man too ashamed to face you” (6.36pm, 21 January
2020); “Not my intention to f[***] you like this” (7.15pm, 21 January 2020)
and “Precisely. But it seems that I’m losing at the start. So shouldn’t I be
calling the investigation and querying” (6.49pm, 28 January 2020). In this
context, I was referred to the decision of the High Court in Qingdao Bohai
Construction Group Co, Ltd and others v Goh Teck Beng and another [2016] 4 SLR
977 as to what constitutes an admission in law. I am prepared to assume that,
as submitted on behalf of the defendant, these statements by Mr Tay do not
constitute formal admissions in law. However, they do, in my view, provide
further support for my conclusion that Mr Tay was well aware that the transfer
of the shares was to be completed by 31 December 2019. To that extent and on
the basis that such evidence is admissible as an aid to the proper
construction of the Contract, such evidence supports the plaintiff’s case.

102 In my view, that conclusion is further fortified by the audio recording of
the conversation between Mr Thng and Mr Tay at a coffee shop on 23 January
2020. I have already quoted the most important parts of that recording above
although, as submitted on behalf of the defendant, I fully recognise that the
parts quoted above have to be understood as representing only a small portion
of the conversation that day, particularly bearing in mind that the meeting
lasted some 45 minutes and was dominated by discussions and calculations about
Mr Thng’s intended new “cash out” plan. Nonetheless, as submitted on behalf of
the plaintiff, I agree that that recording is important for a number of
reasons. First, it serves to explain why Mr Tay did not transfer the Agritrade
Shares i.e. because he “fe[lt] that the margin point is coming” and “want[ed]
everybody to die first” before “com[ing] in”. Second, as submitted on behalf
of the plaintiff, it makes plain that (a) the defendant’s understanding was
that the value of the shares in the agreement for the transfer of the
Agritrade Shares was to be calculated based on the 31 December 2019 NAV; (b)
Swiss Asia had been chasing Mr Tay to make the share transfer; (c) both
parties understood that the intention behind the agreement to transfer the
Agritrade Shares was to help Judah “protect against the margin call”; and (d)
the shares were ready to be transferred, but the defendant had intentionally
decided not to transfer the shares because “the margin point is coming”.

103 For all these reasons, it is my conclusion that (so far as may be
admissible and relevant) the conduct of the parties both before and after 11
December 2019 confirms that the defendant was obliged to transfer the
Agritrade Shares by 31 December 2019 or, at the very least, such conduct was
not inconsistent with such contractual obligation.

Issue 2: Was there an implied term that the defendant’s obligation to transfer
the Agritrade Shares only arose after due diligence and the subscription
application process had been completed?

104 The second issue may be addressed fairly swiftly.

105 Turning first to the law, it is common ground that the applicable
principles were authoritatively set out by the Court of Appeal in Sembcorp
Marine Ltd v PPL Holdings Pte Ltd and another and another appeal [2013] 4 SLR
193 at [101] which envisages a three-step analysis in relation to implied
terms:

(a) The first step is to ascertain whether there is a gap in the contract and
how the gap in the contract arises. Implication will be considered only if the
court discerns that the gap arose because the parties did not contemplate the
gap.

(b) At the second step, the court considers whether it is necessary in the
business or commercial sense to imply a term in order to give the contract
efficacy.

(c) Finally, the court considers the specific term to be implied. This must be
one which the parties, having regard to the need for business efficacy, would
have responded “Oh, of course!” had the proposed term been put to them at time
of the contract (i.e. that the term was necessary in the business sense to
give efficacy to the contract). If it is not possible to find such a clear
response, then, the gap persists, and the consequences of that gap ensue.

106 In summary, it was the defendant’s case that, on close analysis of the
language of the SAF and PPM, there was a “gap” in the SAF and PPM with regard
to subscriptions in specie; that it was therefore “necessary and efficacious”
to fill the “gap” by implying a term that the defendant’s obligation to
transfer the Agritrade Shares only arose after the due diligence and
subscription application process had been completed; and that such implication
is consistent with how the plaintiff, in fact, treated the defendant’s
subscription to the plaintiff’s fund.

107 This was disputed by the plaintiff. In particular, it was submitted on
behalf of the plaintiff that the term which the defendant sought to imply
fails at all 3 steps.

108 For present purposes, I am prepared to assume in favour of the defendant
the existence of the alleged implied term. However, as stated above at [56]
and based on the unchallenged evidence of Ms Ho, it is my conclusion that the
relevant due diligence and subscription application process had been completed
by 18 December 2019; that from that date, the defendant was able to transfer
the Agritrade Shares to the plaintiff; and that there was no difficulty or
impediment in so doing.

109 For these reasons, the implication of the alleged term (if such
implication could be made) does not assist the defendant.

Issue 3: Did the plaintiff waive the requirement for the defendant to transfer
the Agritrade Shares by 31 December 2019 and/or is the plaintiff estopped from
so contending and/or did the plaintiff exercise a contractual discretion to
change the Subscription Day to a date after 31 December 2019?

110 Issue 3 embraces three sub-issues which to a large extent overlap with
each other as well as the matters that I have already addressed (and which I
do not propose to repeat) in considering the question of whether the parties’
conduct after 11 December 2019 informs the proper construction of the SAF and
the PPM. For these reasons, I can deal briefly with these three sub-issues in
turn.

Waiver

111 As for the defendant’s submission that the plaintiff had waived the
requirement to transfer the Agritrade Shares by 31 December 2019, there was no
dispute as to the applicable principles as summarised in Eller, Urs v Cheong
Kiat Wah [2020] SGHC 106 at [115]. As for the facts, the defendant’s case
rested on two main pillars.

112 First, the defendant relied upon a number of WhatsApp messages, viz:

(a) On 16 January 2020 at 7.11 pm, Mr Thng told Mr Tay, “Your shares coming
in? If not, the subscription need to delay till feb bro.”

(b) On 16 January 2020 at 8.14 pm, Mr Thng then told Mr Tay, “Bro, your shares
coming in? MBKE might force sell shares if not coming in.” To this, Mr Tay
then replied at 8.17 pm to say “Yes coming. Meeting Xman first once green
light I can do it in a day”. Mr Thng’s reply (at 8.17 pm) was merely “Ok.
Think he very stressed. Help him.”

(c) On 16 January 2020 at around 8.37pm, Mr Ee then messaged Mr Tay to say,
“Bro. Swiss asia side will be using end jan Nav. They said it will be too late
as Dec Nav already out. Subscription will be done in Feb.” Mr Tay forwarded
this message to Mr Thng on 17 January 2020, and Mr Thng replied to say, “I
told them to squeeze back for dec nav.”

113 I have already dealt with some of these messages and do not propose to
repeat what I have already stated. For present purposes, it is sufficient to
say that I do not consider that any of these messages constituted a waiver of
the requirement to transfer the Agritrade Shares by 31 December 2019 or,
equally important, the defendant’s breach of such obligation. At the risk of
repetition, properly read, these messages simply recognise that the defendant
was late in performing its contractual obligation and, unsurprisingly, seek to
explain what would have to happen as a result of the defendant’s delay in
transferring the Agritrade Shares.

114 Second, it was submitted on behalf of the defendant that the plaintiff’s
silence or inaction since 31 December 2019 was significant because, in the
circumstances, the plaintiff was under a “duty to speak”. In that context, the
defendant relied upon Audi Construction Pte Ltd v Kian Hiap Construction Pte
Ltd [2018] 1 SLR 317 at [61] and T2 Networks Pte Ltd v Nasioncom Sdn Bhd
[2008] 2 SLR (R) 1. I am prepared to assume in favour of the defendant that
the plaintiff was under a “duty to speak”. Even so, I do not consider that
this assists the defendant because I do not accept the characterisation by the
defendant that there was “silence” or “inaction” on the part of the plaintiff
after 31 December 2019. The WhatsApp messages (which I do not propose to
repeat) speak for themselves. It is fair to say that the plaintiff did not in
those WhatsApp messages assert that the defendant was in breach of its
obligation in those specific terms. However, in my view, there is no doubt
that the plaintiff continued to press for the transfer of the shares.

115 For these brief reasons, I reject the defendant’s case that the plaintiff
had waived the requirement to transfer the Agritrade Shares by 31 December
2019.

Estoppel

116 Again, there is no dispute as to the applicable principles viz. (a) there
must be an unequivocal representation by the plaintiff that it will not insist
upon its legal rights against the defendant; (b) the defendant must rely on
such unequivocal representation; and (c) it must be inequitable for the
plaintiff to go back on such unequivocal representation. As submitted on
behalf of the defendant, I readily accept that the requirement for an
unequivocal representation does not mean that the promise must always be
express; such promise could be implied by words or conduct. Even so, I do not
consider that there was any unequivocal representation by words or conduct
that the plaintiff would not insist on its strict legal rights. Once again,
the defendant relied upon what it said was the plaintiff’s duty to speak and
the distinct lack of reminders and chasers from the plaintiff that the 31
December 2019 deadline had been breached. I do not accept that submission for
reasons already stated and which I do not propose to repeat. Further, so far
as may be material, I do not accept that the defendant relied on any such
alleged representation. On the contrary, as appears from the audio recording
of the meeting between Mr Thng and Mr Tay at the coffee shop (and the other
WhatsApp messages relied upon by the plaintiff referred to at [101] above) it
would seem that the defendant was well aware that it had failed to comply with
its obligation to transfer the Agritrade Shares and that this was the result
of its own deliberate decision. For the sake of completeness, I do not
consider that the plaintiff is acting inequitably in pursuing the defendant
for its breach of its contractual obligation.

Exercise of Contractual Discretion to Delay the Subscription Date

117 As previously stated, it was common ground that the plaintiff had the
power to shift the Subscription Day. Relying primarily on the WhatsApp
messages on 16 and 17 January 2020, it was the defendant’s submission that the
plaintiff had indeed exercised its contractual discretion to shift the date to
a date in February 2020. I do not accept that submission. At the risk of
repetition, it is my view that, properly read, those messages simply recognise
that the defendant was late in performing its contractual obligation and,
unsurprisingly, seek to explain what would have to happen as a result of the
defendant’s delay in failing to transfer the Agritrade Shares. They do not
constitute or reflect the exercise of the contractual discretion to shift the
original Subscription Day so as to nullify the defendant’s original
contractual obligation (as I have concluded) to transfer the Agritrade Shares
to the plaintiff. Accordingly, given the foregoing, the defendant’s failure to
transfer the 60 million Agritrade Shares by 31 December 2019 or at all
constituted a breach of contract on its part.

Issue 4: Did the defendant’s breach (if any) cause any, and if so what, loss
to the plaintiff, and is any such loss irrecoverable because it is too remote?

Summary of the Plaintiff’s Case

118 In summary, the plaintiff’s pleaded case on this issue is as follows:

(a) As a result of the defendant’s breach of contract in failing to transfer
the Agritrade Shares, the plaintiff’s LTV Ratio hit 70.87%, triggering a
margin call by Maybank.

(b) Accordingly, on 20 January 2020, the plaintiff received a margin call from
Maybank and thereafter, from about 3.15pm on that day, Maybank force sold all
of the plaintiff’s Agritrade shares in three tranches (i) on 20 January 2020,
30 million shares at an average price of HK$ 0.2571 per share; (ii) on 21
January 2020, 127,745,000 shares at an average price of HK$ 0.1813 per share;
and (iii) on 23 January 2020, 250,000 shares at an average price of HK$ 0.2211
per share.

(c) If the defendant had transferred the Agritrade Shares, the plaintiff would
not have exceeded an LTV Ratio of 70% and received any margin calls on its
portfolio.

(d) The fall in the price of Agritrade shares from 20 to 23 January 2020 was a
result of the force-selling of the Agritrade shares from the plaintiff’s
portfolio.

(e) After the forced sale of the plaintiff’s entire portfolio of Agritrade
shares, the plaintiff’s fund was worth S$0.

(f) Had the forced sale not occurred, and had the defendant transferred the
Agritrade Shares, the plaintiff’s fund would have been worth S$ 5,389,734.91.

(g) Accordingly, the plaintiff has lost that sum i.e. S$ 5,389,734.91.

(h) Alternatively, the plaintiff claims damages on the basis that it suffered
loss and damages of US$ 4,466,463.02, being the value of the defendant’s
Agritrade Shares as of 31 December 2019.

119 In support of the foregoing, the plaintiff submitted that it is trite law
that the but-for test of causation in tort also applies in ascertaining
whether there has been factual causation for the purposes of contract law. In
that context, the plaintiff relied upon the decision of the Court of Appeal in
Anti-Corrosion Pte Ltd v Berger Paints Singapore Pte Ltd and another appeal
[2012] 1 SLR 427 (“Anti-Corrosion Pte Ltd”). In particular, by reference to
that decision, it was the plaintiff’s case that what must be established is
that but for the breach, the plaintiff would not have suffered losses; that
the applicable test is not for the plaintiff to show that the defendant’s
breach was the only possible cause; that although the legal burden is on the
plaintiff to prove that the defendant’s breach had caused the plaintiff’s
loss, once the plaintiff leads evidence to logically demonstrate that the
defendant's breach had caused the plaintiff’s loss, the “tactical burden”
would shift to the defendant to show that this was not correct on a balance of
probabilities; and that what is needed in any particular case to assess
whether this burden has been discharged is a fact-centric exercise
circumscribed by common sense.

120 Here, it was submitted on behalf of the plaintiff that the defendant had
failed to discharge its tactical burden to show that the plaintiff would have
suffered loss even if the defendant had transferred the Agritrade Shares by 31
December 2019. In particular, it was submitted on behalf of the plaintiff that
the defendant’s expert (Mr Kon) had failed to show that all of the plaintiff’s
Agritrade shares would have been force sold by 23 January 2020, even if the
defendant had transferred the Agritrade Shares by 31 December 2019. On the
contrary, it was the plaintiff’s case that the evidence of its own expert (Mr
Tan) demonstrates that the force selling on 20 January 2020, 21 January 2020
and 23 January 2020 would not have occurred if the defendant had transferred
the Agritrade Shares to the plaintiff by 31 December 2019. In this regard,
even if the plaintiff’s Agritrade shares would have been force sold by 23
January 2020 notwithstanding the defendant’s transfer of the Agritrade Shares
by 31 December 2019, it was the plaintiff’s position that the defendant must
also necessarily show that the plaintiff would not have taken mitigating
measures to reduce its losses.

121 Further, it was the plaintiff’s case that the Court should reject the
defendant’s position that the margin call by Maybank was caused by the general
drop in the market value of Agritrade Shares, in particular because of the
Moratorium Application or the Moratorium Announcement, rather than because of
the defendant’s breach. According to the plaintiff, that case was a “red
herring” and falls away entirely in particular because (a) the Moratorium
Application was made by AIPL i.e. the parent company of Agritrade, on 16
January 2020; (b) the Moratorium Announcement was made on 20 January 2020 at
7.34pm, which is after trading hours in Hong Kong; and (c) the traders who
were monitoring the Agritrade share price, even the most experienced traders
such as Mr Tay and Mr Thng, would not have known about the Moratorium
Application on 16 January 2020 until after the Announcement on 20 January 2020
after trading hours. In this regard, the plaintiff also relied on the evidence
of Mr Tay that he knew of the Moratorium Application only on 21 January 2020,
even though he was good friends with Mr Ng Xinwei, also known as “Xman”, who
was a 59.9% shareholder of AIPL.

122 As for the alternative claim of US$ 4,466,463.02, this was advanced by the
plaintiff on the basis of the market value of the Agritrade Shares as at 31
December 2019 (i.e. HK$ 0.58 per share).

Summary of the Defendant’s Case

123 As for the plaintiff’s primary claim for S$ 5,389,734.91, it was the
defendant’s case that such claim must be rejected for two main reasons viz (i)
it was too remote; and/or (ii) the defendant was not causally responsible for
the events that took place from 20 January 2020. In particular, it was
submitted on behalf of the defendant that in order to succeed on this claim
for the entirety of the loss, the plaintiff must establish that (i) the
defendant knew of the circumstances which would have led the plaintiff to
suffer a loss (i.e. it was not a loss that is too remote); and (ii) the
defendant was responsible for the entirety of this loss, in that there was no
other event that had such a causative impact to break the chain of causation.

Remoteness

124 As to the plea that the loss claimed was too remote, the defendant
submitted that the Court should ascertain (i) what would have been within the
reasonable contemplation of the contracting parties, and what damages flow
naturally from this (i.e. general damages); and (ii) whether the defendant had
knowledge of the special circumstances which resulted in the plaintiff’s loss,
and what damages flow from this (i.e. special damages). In support of that
submission, the defendant relied upon Robertson Quay Investment Pte Ltd v
Steen Consultants Pte Ltd and another [2008] 2 SLR(R) 623 at [81]–[82];
affirmed in Out of the Box Pte Ltd v Wanin Industries Pte Ltd [2013] 2 SLR 363
(“Out of the Box”) at [15]–[17].

125 Here, the defendant submits that (i) the alleged loss of S$ 5,389,734.91
was not within the reasonable contemplation of the parties; and (ii) the
defendant also did not have special knowledge of the circumstances that led to
this loss. In support of the foregoing, the defendant relies on two main
points.

126 First, it was submitted on behalf of the defendant that an investor to a
fund does not contemplate itself being liable for all of the fund’s losses but
rather makes the investment expecting that his contribution to the fund might
make him money. Further, it was the defendant’s case that an investor does not
make an investment to the fund on the premise that his contribution is
expected to save the fund from financial distress: this would be entirely
antithetical to the ethos of investing. In support of the foregoing, the
defendant relied, in particular, on the following:

(a) The evidence of Mr Tay that “[a]n investor into a fund did not typically
expect to be liable for the fund’s entire loss. An investor would at best
expect to lose his investment, but not to also have to cover the losses of the
other investors”.

(b) The expert opinion of Mr Kon that generally, it is atypical for an
investor to expect to bear all the losses suffered by a fund on a margin call,
and that such losses as claimed by the plaintiff would not be within the
normal contemplation of the parties unless the defendant was specifically told
of this information.

127 Further, in considering the question of remoteness, it was submitted on
behalf of the defendant that it is necessary to consider the defendant’s
knowledge as at the date of the contract: Out of the Box at [16]. Here, at the
time that the defendant executed the SAF and PPM (i.e. 11 December 2019), the
defendant would not have known, or been under the impression, that the
plaintiff was facing an impending margin call or major margin issues. Instead,
it was submitted on behalf of the defendant that at the time when the SAF and
PPM were executed, the defendant was under the impression that the plaintiff
had little to no margin issues in the light of the interactions between Mr Tay
and Mr Thng prior to the execution of the SAF and PPM, including (i) Mr Tay’s
discussions with Mr Thng in October 2019; (ii) the marketing presentation
slides provided by Mr Thng to Mr Tay in November 2019; and (iii) the WhatsApp
exchanges between them in October and November 2019. According to Mr Tay, the
first time that Mr Thng mentioned the risk of a forced sale by Maybank was on
16 January 2020.

Causation

128 The defendant accepted the application of the “but-for” test but submitted
that the burden of proving causation on the balance of probabilities lies on
the party claiming damages, and that even if the “but for” test may show some
causal connection, the Court will also have to determine whether any
“intervening events can be said to be so significant causally as to break the
causal link to be regarded as a novus actus interveniens… The court therefore
has to decide whether the defendant’s wrongful conduct constituted the ‘legal
cause’ of the damage. This recognises that causes assume significance to the
extent that they may assist the court in deciding how best to attribute
responsibility for the claimant’s damage” (emphasis added): Sunny Metal &
Engineering Pte Ltd v Ng Khim Ming Eric [2007] 3 SLR(R) 782 at [54].

129 On the facts, it was submitted on behalf of the defendant that, even if
the defendant had transferred the Agritrade Shares, Maybank would still have
been entitled to make a margin call on 20 January 2020 as the Margin Ratio
would have fallen below 140%; that this would in all likelihood have led to
the same events that transpired – i.e. the plaintiff would have liquidated and
realised (or had to liquidate and realise) its entire portfolio of Agritrade
shares between 20 and 23 January 2020 given the declining share price; and
that the defendant was thus not responsible for causing the plaintiff’s loss
in any event.

130 Further, it was submitted on behalf of the defendant that even if the
Court rejected that point, it is also clear that, by the morning of 21 January
2020, the price of Agritrade Shares would have fallen to a point that would
have entitled Maybank to force sell the plaintiff’s shares (i.e. below a
Margin Ratio of 130%); and that the defendant would at most be liable for the
loss of the plaintiff’s 30 million Agritrade shares which were sold on 20
January 2020. This would amount to around HK$ 8,550,000, or approximately S$
1,487,700 (i.e. 30 million shares x HK$ 0.285). In support of the foregoing,
the defendant relied upon two main points. First, the defendant relied upon
the evidence of its expert, Mr Kon, and in particular his analysis that any
share price below HK$ 0.2642 would have resulted in a Margin Ratio below 130%,
even if the defendant had transferred its Agritrade Shares and the plaintiff
had a portfolio of 217,995,000 Agritrade shares. According to Mr Kon, falling
below the Margin Ratio of 130% would then entitle Maybank to force sell the
plaintiff’s assets. Second, it was submitted on behalf of the defendant that
it was inevitable, even if there had been no force-selling on 20 January 2020,
that the price of Agritrade Shares would have fallen to at least HK$ 0.2640
(at opening) and HK$ 0.175 (at 9.45 am) on 21 January 2020; and that,
therefore, even if the defendant had transferred its Agritrade Shares by 20
January 2020 and the plaintiff was not made to sell its 30 million Agritrade
shares on that date, Maybank would have been entitled to force sell the
plaintiff’s shares anyway on the morning of 21 January 2020.

131 In summary, it was the defendant’s case that the decline in the price of
Agritrade shares on 21 January 2020 was not a matter that the defendant was in
a position to avert or prevent: there was a clear declining trend in the price
of Agritrade shares across January 2020 which was exacerbated by certain
events which took place on 16 January 2020 and 20 January 2020. The share
price would have fallen below HK$ 0.264 on 21 January 2020 regardless of what
the defendant did or could not do. On this basis, the defendant argues that
even if this Court finds that it was in breach and had knowledge of the
plaintiff facing the risk of a margin call, any liability on its part must, at
best, be confined to the 30 million Agritrade shares which were sold on 20
January 2020; and that the quantum of such liability would be at most HK$
8,550,000 or approximately S$ 1,487,700 (based on a share price of HK$ 0.285).

132 As for the alternative claim of US$ 4,466,463.02 advanced by the
plaintiff, it was the defendant’s case that the plaintiff had failed to
properly elaborate the legal basis of such claim. The defendant suggested that
one possibility was that the plaintiff was “akin to the buyer of shares”; that
this “best coheres with the present case, as it most correctly reflects the
true nature of the contractual bargain between parties”; and that, on this
basis, the measure of damages ought to be the market price of the Agritrade
Shares less their contract price as at 31 December 2019. Here, the defendant
submitted that the Agritrade Shares were publicly traded; that there was a
significant “float” of shares on the market; that the plaintiff could have
gone into the market to buy Agritrade shares on or shortly after 31 December
2019; and that if that had been done, any loss would have been minimal or nil
given that the market price was HK$ 0.580 per share on 31 December 2019, HK$
0.570 per share on the next trading day i.e. 2 January 2020 and HK$ 0.580 per
share until 6 January 2020 when it fell and thereafter stayed below HK$ 0.560
per share, compared with what the defendant referred to as the “presumptive
contract price” of HK$ 0.560 per share based on the BS Note. Thus, the
defendant submitted that it would have been cheaper for the plaintiff to go
into the market to acquire replacement Agritrade shares than to insist on the
transfer as per the SAF and PPM.

Analysis and Conclusions

133 So far as I am aware, this is the first case in which a fund, like the
plaintiff, has sought to claim damages for breach of a subscription agreement
against a party which has agreed to subscribe for shares in that fund by way
of a transfer-in of shares in specie. As such, the exercise of assessing
damages in the present case raises issues which are unusual and far from
straightforward.

134 The starting point must be that in principle, damages should be awarded on
the same basis as any claim for damages for breach of contract in accordance
with the compensatory principle i.e. to put the plaintiff in the same position
as it would have been in if the contract had been performed. That general
principle is, of course subject to certain qualifications, including most
notably (i) that the claimed losses must have been caused by the breach; and
(ii) the rule that any losses must not be too remote in law, having regard to
the principles originally laid down in Hadley v Baxendale (1854) 9 Exch 341
(“Hadley v Baxendale”) and endorsed by the Court of Appeal in Out of the Box
at [15]–[18]. As there stated, damages will not be too remote if either (i)
they flow naturally from the breach once regard is had to the sort of
knowledge of the relevant surrounding circumstances that the contract breaker
would generally be taken to have had (“Limb 1”) or (ii) where losses arise in
the context of special facts and circumstances, “hey are foreseeable as not
unlikely given the defendant’s knowledge of those special facts and
circumstances (“Limb 2”).

135 In passing, I should note that in England, it now seems that a claimant
will not be able to recover even for losses that were not unlikely to occur in
the usual course of things, if the defendant cannot reasonably be regarded as
having assumed responsibility for such losses: see Chitty on Contracts (Sweet
& Maxwell, 33rd Ed, 2019) (“Chitty on Contracts”) at [26-137]. However, as
both parties accepted, the assumption of responsibility principle is
inapplicable because it has been rejected by the Court of Appeal in Singapore:
see MFM Restaurants Pte Ltd and another v Fish & Co. Restaurants Pte Ltd and
another appeal [2011] 1 SLR 150 and Out of the Box. As submitted on behalf of
the plaintiff, Singapore adopts the Hadley v Baxendale approach, which remains
the governing principle in relation to the doctrine of remoteness of damage in
Contract Law in Singapore.

136 It is convenient to deal first with the plaintiff’s alternative case based
on the value of the Agritrade Shares as at 31 December 2019. In one sense,
such a claim might be said to have a superficial attraction viz, the defendant
promised to transfer to the plaintiff the Agritrade Shares; the defendant
failed to do so; thus, the plaintiff has “lost” the market value of the shares
as at that date i.e. 31 December 2019. However, in my view, this analysis is
flawed because it fails to have proper regard to the particular nature and
characteristics of the particular transaction entered into between the
parties. In particular, the plaintiff was not a “buyer” of shares in the
ordinary meaning of that term. Nor do I accept the defendant’s suggestion that
the plaintiff stood in a position which is “akin to [a] buyer of shares”. At
best, that description is over-simplistic and potentially misleading.

137 Rather, it seems to me important to bear in mind that the transaction
entered into by the parties was, in effect, a “swap” of a very particular kind
i.e. pursuant to the SAF and PPM, the defendant agreed to transfer the
Agritrade Shares to the plaintiff in return for shares in the plaintiff’s
fund. If the transfer had taken place, the value of the plaintiff’s fund would
have increased by the value of the Agritrade Shares transferred into the
plaintiff’s fund. In that scenario, the value of the shares in the plaintiff’s
fund that the defendant would have received would have reflected the value of
the the plaintiff’s fund as a whole, including the Agritrade Shares newly
transferred into the fund by the defendant.

138 Thus, this is not a case where it might be said that the parties
contemplated that if the defendant did not comply with its contractual
obligations and transfer the Agritrade Shares to the plaintiff, the plaintiff
might be able simply to go out into the market and buy the same number of
shares to fill the gap. It follows that the prima facie measure of damages
which applies, for example, in sale of goods cases for non-delivery, cannot
sensibly be applied in the present circumstances – quite apart from the fact
that it is well established that shares are not “goods” for the purposes of
the Sale of Goods Act (Cap 393, 1999 Rev Ed). For these brief reasons at
least, I would reject the plaintiff’s alternative claim for damages.

139 So, I return to the plaintiff’s primary claim for damages. At the risk of
repetition, the defendant submitted that such a claim was fundamentally flawed
for two main reasons. First, the losses claimed were too remote and therefore
irrecoverable as a matter of law. Second, the losses suffered by the defendant
were not caused by the defendant’s breach. I deal with each of these points in
turn. The issue of remoteness is most often best considered after the issue of
causation. However, in the light of my findings of fact, this issue can, in my
view, be dealt with quite briefly and I therefore deal with it at the outset.

Remoteness

140 The applicable principles were not in dispute. In essence, losses will not
be too remote provided they fall within either Limb 1 or Limb 2. Further, it
was common ground that the time for ascertaining the relevant knowledge for
the purposes of either Limb 1 or Limb 2 was the date of the contract – see Out
of the Box at [20] – in the present case, 11 December 2019.

141 I have already summarised at [123] and [124] above the two main points
relied upon by the defendant in support of its submission that the damages
claim as formulated by the plaintiff is too remote.

142 As to the first point, I readily accept (or at the very least am prepared
to assume in the defendant’s favour) that, absent special circumstances or
special knowledge, it would not be within the reasonable contemplation of an
ordinary investor that any breach of that investor’s agreement to subscribe in
that fund would or might cause a margin call on the fund’s assets and thereby
cause loss to the fund of a type as now alleged by the plaintiff in the
present case. To that extent, I proceed on the basis that the loss now claimed
by the plaintiff would be irrecoverable under Limb 1.

143 However, as to the second point, I have already summarised my conclusions
as to the special facts in the present case and the knowledge of Mr Tay (and
therefore the defendant) as set out at [43] above. It is unnecessary to repeat
the entirety of what is there stated. For present purposes, it is sufficient
to note my conclusion viz that, in the special circumstances of the present
case, Mr Tay (and therefore the defendant) would have been well aware that if
the defendant did not transfer the Agritrade Shares into the plaintiff’s fund
and the share price fell, it was, at the very least, not unlikely that Maybank
would make a margin call which the defendant could not meet, and then effect a
forced sale of the plaintiff’s existing portfolio of Agritrade shares (whether
in whole or in part), causing the plaintiff potential substantial losses. In
light of the foregoing, it is my conclusion that the losses claimed by the
plaintiff plainly fall within Limb 2 and are not irrecoverable on the basis
that they are too remote in law.

Causation

144 The issue of causation bristles with difficulties in the present case for
the following reasons.

145 First, it was common ground that the determination of the causation issue
depends on a comparison between (i) the losses that the plaintiff in fact
suffered and (ii) the position which would have existed if the defendant had
performed its contractual obligations and duly transferred the Agritrade
shares by 31 December 2019. The latter hypothetical counterfactual exercise
was the subject of detailed evidence by the experts (Mr Tan and Mr Kon) which
(so far as relevant) I consider further below. At this stage, it is sufficient
to note that there was a sharp disagreement between these experts with regard
to the methodology and assumptions in performing such counterfactual exercise.

146 Second, the counterfactual exercise (see above at [130] and [131], for
instance) and the assumptions made by the experts depend, at least in part, on
an assessment as to what Maybank was contractually entitled to do and what it
would or would not have done in practice if the defendant had transferred the
Agritrade Shares. In particular, in that counterfactual scenario, (a) would
Maybank have issued one or more margin calls and, if so, when, and (b) if so,
would Maybank have force sold the plaintiff’s portfolio of Agritrade shares
and, if so, how many and when? To a very large extent, such assessment was
somewhat speculative, because no evidence was adduced in the course of the
trial from any witness from Maybank. In this context, Counsel on behalf of the
defendant relied upon the decision of the Court of Appeal in Sudha Natrajan,
in particular at [20] where some broad principles were set out with regard to
absent material witnesses:

[…] (a) In certain circumstances the court may be entitled to draw adverse
inferences from the absence or silence of a witness who might be expected to
have material evidence to give on an issue in the matter before it.

(b) If the court is willing to draw such inferences, these may go to
strengthen the evidence adduced on that issue by the other party or to weaken
the evidence, if any, adduced by the party who might reasonably have been
expected to call the witness.

(c) There must, however, have been some evidence, even if weak, which was
adduced by the party seeking to draw the inference, on the issue in question,
before the court would be entitled to draw the desired inference: in other
words, there must be a case to answer on that issue which is then strengthened
by the drawing of the inference.

(d) If the reason for the witness’s absence or silence can be explained to the
satisfaction of the court, then no adverse inference may be drawn. If, on the
other hand, a reasonable and credible explanation is given, even if it is not
wholly satisfactory, the potentially detrimental effect of his/her absence or
silence may be reduced or annulled. […]

[emphasis added]

In addition, my attention was drawn to certain further observations in that
case at [26] with regard to the link between the drawing of an adverse
inference from the failure to call a witness and the best evidence rule that
“the inference cannot fairly be drawn except from the non-production of
witnesses whose testimony would be superior in respect to the fact to be
proved”. Bearing these principles in mind, it was submitted on behalf of the
defendant that the party best placed to give evidence as to whether Maybank
would have made a margin call is Maybank itself; that the burden is on the
plaintiff to prove causation; that the plaintiff was also the party with the
direct contractual relationship with Maybank; that it appears that in the lead
up to the trial, the plaintiff was in communication with Maybank; and that the
plaintiff could easily have arranged for Maybank to give evidence. However,
the plaintiff did not call any witness from Maybank, and has not provided any
good reason for Maybank’s absence. On this basis, it was submitted on behalf
of the defendant that the Court should draw the appropriate adverse inference,
and specifically infer and conclude that Maybank’s testimony would have
corroborated Mr Kon’s explanation, and that a margin call would still have
taken place on 20 January 2020 even if the defendant had transferred its
Agritrade Shares by that day. On behalf of the plaintiff, it was submitted
that no such adverse inference should be drawn if only because there is no
reason why the defendant could not itself have called a witness from Maybank
if it had so wished and that bearing in mind that (as the plaintiff submitted)
the burden of proof was on the defendant to prove that in the counterfactual
scenario the plaintiff would have suffered the same loss, any adverse
inference should, if anything, be drawn against the defendant. So far as
relevant, I consider further these rival submissions below.

147 Third, the issue as to what Maybank was entitled to do depends on the
terms of the Contract between the plaintiff and Maybank. I have already
addressed what were the relevant terms of such Contract from [4] to [8] of
this Judgment which I do not propose to repeat save to note my conclusion that
the terms of that contract were contained in the MLF Letter subject to
Maybank’s T&Cs as identified by Mr Kon from Maybank’s website.

148 Fourth, a critical issue arises with regard to the reasons why the market
price of Agritrade shares fell in the latter part of January 2020 and, in
particular, the cause of such fall following the issuance of the Moratorium
Announcement after trading hours on 20 January 2020. It is impossible to know
whether one or more individual traders in the market were aware of the
original Moratorium Application on 16 January 2020 or before the issuance of
the Moratorium Announcement. The possibility of information leaks cannot be
excluded. But that is entirely speculative. There is no evidence to show that
any such possible leaks occurred prior to the Moratorium Announcement itself
or to contradict Mr Tay’s evidence that he was unaware of the Moratorium
Application until sometime after the issuance of the Moratorium Announcement,
and probably not until the following day i.e. 21 January 2020. In this
context, the crucial question is: In the counterfactual scenario, would the
market price of Agritrade shares have fallen to the extent it did, in any
event triggering one or more forced sales by Maybank even if the defendant had
transferred Agritrade Shares to the plaintiff on (or even after) 31 December
2019? Further, in considering that question, where lies the burden of proof?

149 Although I have already summarised the parties’ respective cases with
regard to the counter factual exercise, it is necessary to drill down further
to explain the main areas of disagreement between the two experts and the
parties’ respective submissions with regard thereto.

150 On behalf of the plaintiff, it was submitted that, based on the MLF
Letter, when the Margin Ratio falls below 140%, Maybank would make a margin
call; and that when the Margin Ratio falls below 130%, Maybank may then
commence the force selling of the plaintiff’s Agritrade shares at its
discretion. That analysis was not disputed by the defendant. However, the
critical difference between the parties (and the experts) concerned the proper
way of computing the Margin Ratio. Needless to say, this is important because
it determines when and whether Maybank would have been entitled to make a
margin call or consequently to force sell the plaintiff’s shares.

151 In summary, the plaintiff’s case based on the evidence of its expert, Mr
Tan, was that, in computing the Margin Ratio, it is the LTV Ratio which is
relevant; and that this is computed as the loan amount divided by the full
market value of the secured assets. The Margin Ratio is then expressed as:

1

__________

LTV Ratio

According to Mr Tan, the “margin call trigger threshold of 70% LTV Ratio is
typical in share trading brokerages with margin financing facility”.

152 In contrast, the defendant’s case based on the evidence of its expert, Mr
Kon, was that the Margin Ratio is as defined in the Maybank T&Cs viz.

Collateral’s Security Value

_______________________________________  

(Outstanding Amount – Cash in Account if any)

Mr Kon’s evidence was that the Collateral’s Security Value of the Agritrade
Shares should be a percentage of the market value (i.e. based on the “Loan-to-
Value”); that it is this Collateral’s Security Value that should be applied in
computing the Margin Ratio; and that, in the circumstances of the present
case, the LTV Ratio was 70%. In support of that figure of 70%, Mr Kon relied
on the following:

(a) First, in a WhatsApp exchange between Mr Ee and Maybank’s Mr Teo on 31
January 2020, Mr Teo expressly said that the plaintiff’s account had an LTV
Ratio of 70% “when the account was set up”:

Mr Ee| 12.36pm| Hi Morris, this is Andy from Judah.  
---|---|---  
Mr Teo| 12.37pm| Hi Andy  
Mr Ee| 12.37pm| As spoken with u the other day, can I confirmed [sic] that our
margin account loan to value ratio is at 70%?  
Mr Ee| 12.37pm| Many thanks  
Mr Teo| 12.38pm| Yup. LTV was 70% when the account was set up.  
Mr Ee| 12.38pm| Thanks very much Morris  
  
(b) Second, the monthly margin statements disclosed by the plaintiff show
that, every month, Maybank would calculate a “Collateral Value” for the
Agritrade Shares at 70% of their Market Value, as appears in the following
table prepared by Mr Kon:

Date of Statement| Market Value (HK$)| Collateral Value (HK$)| Percentage  
---|---|---|---  
30 June 2019| 198,134,200.00| 138,693,939.99| 70%  
31 July 2019| 196,380,800.00| 137,466,560.01| 70%  
31 August 2019| 159,559,405.26| 111,691,579.98| 70%  
30 September 2019| 158,520,603.45| 110,964,420.02| 70%  
31 October 2019| 105,856,653.16| 74,099,655.01| 70%  
30 November 2019| 97,956,900.00| 68,569,829.99| 70%  
31 December 2019| 91,637,096.84| 64,145,969.99| 70%  
  
153 In further support of this analysis, it was submitted on behalf of the
defendant that the approach of Mr Tan and the plaintiff was inconsistent with
the definition of Margin Ratio in Maybank’s T&Cs and the Margin Ratio(s) of
140% and 130% stated in the MLF. In particular, as to the latter, it was
submitted on behalf of the defendant that Mr Tan’s approach of using the
purported “industry definition” of an LTV Ratio of 70% translates into an
imprecise 142% (based on LTV Ratio = 1 / Margin Ratio), and completely fails
to account for the important threshold of 130%; that applying Mr Tan’s
approach will mean that there will be scope for uncertainty or error (i.e. of
at least 2%) when determining whether Maybank would be entitled to make a
margin call, and perhaps even more when determining when Maybank can force
sell the plaintiff’s assets; and that such uncertainty or error surely cannot
be acceptable, especially when the consequence of breaching a threshold is the
risk of a forced sale.

154 Moreover, it was submitted on behalf of the defendant that it was Mr Kon’s
approach and not Mr Tan’s approach which was consistent with what actually
happened at the material time. In particular, on Mr Tan’s calculation, the
trigger price for a margin call would be when the share price of Agritrade
shares fell below HK$ 0.2747. However, at the time when the margin calls were
made on 20 January 2020 i.e. at 8.11am and 10.35am on that day, the share
price was above HK$ 0.2747 viz. HK$ 0.380 and 0.300 respectively. On the other
hand, applying Mr Kon’s calculation, the trigger price for a margin call would
be when the share price of Agritrade shares fell below HK$ 0.3925 which is
consistent with the fact that Maybank made the two margin calls on 20 January
2020.

155 As for the counterfactual exercise, the evidence of Mr Kon was that if the
plaintiff had received the Agritrade Shares, it would then have had an
increased portfolio of 217,995,000 Agritrade shares; that according to his (Mr
Kon’s) calculations, the trigger price for a margin call would then have been
HK$ 0.2844; and that, on this basis and given the fall in the share price to
HK$ 0.280 at 2.15pm on 20 January 2020 (i.e. even before any actual forced
sale by Maybank), a margin call on that day would have been inevitable even in
the counterfactual scenario. The relevant figures as calculated by Mr Kon
appear from the following table.

![](data:image/png;base64,
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)

156 Further, it was submitted on behalf of the defendant that the margin call
would have meant that the plaintiff would in all likelihood have had no choice
but to start selling its portfolio of Agritrade shares; that this was what the
plaintiff did when it could not meet the margin call on 20 January 2020, and
subsequently on 21 January 2020; and that, as stated by Mr Thng in re-
examination, any sale of Agritrade shares was likely to create a “negative
vicious cycle” where “[t]he more [the plaintiff] sell[s], the more the share
price goes down, the more [the plaintiff] sell[s], the more the share price
goes down, the more [the plaintiff] need[s] to top-up the margin call”.

157 Continuing with this counterfactual exercise, it was submitted on behalf
of the defendant that Maybank would in any event have been entitled to force
sell the plaintiff’s shares on the morning of 21 January 2020 because by that
time the share would likely have fallen further to HK$ 0.264 thereby causing
(on Mr Kon’s calculation) the Margin Ratio to fall below 130%. As acknowledged
by Mr Kon and accepted by the defendant, the difficulty with this analysis is
that although the actual share prices on 21 January 2020 are known, the sale
of the first tranche of 30 million shares by Maybank on 20 January 2020 would
have had a distorting impact on the share price. Thus, for the purposes of the
counterfactual exercise and to take this possible distortion into account, Mr
Kon applied a blockage discount methodology to reverse the impact that the
sale of the 30 million Agritrade shares would have had on the share price, and
thus calculate the hypothetical price of Agritrade shares on 21 January 2020.

158 The actual historical data shows that on 20 January 2020, the closing
price of Agritrade shares was HK$ 0.250 at about 4.00 pm. However, by then,
Maybank had had already force sold 30 million of the plaintiff’s Agritrade
shares. On 21 January 2020, the opening price of Agritrade shares was HK$
0.240, which further fell to HK$ 0.175 (at 9.45 am). In order to ascertain
what the hypothetical price of the Agritrade shares would have been on 21
January 2020 if the plaintiff’s 30 million Agritrade shares had not been sold
on 20 January 2020, Mr Kon sought to “reverse engineer” this hypothetical
price by applying a “reverse” blockage discount of 9.08% (estimated based on
the Black-Scholes Model) to the historical prices on 21 January 2020. In
summary, Mr Kon’s conclusion was that the price of Agritrade shares would have
been at least (by which I understand, at most) HK$ 0.2640 (at opening) and HK$
0.175 (at 9.45 am) on 21 January 2020, which would still cause the Margin
Ratio to fall below 130% and thereby entitle Maybank to force sell at least
some, if not all of the plaintiff’s shares.

159 In support of this analysis, it was submitted on behalf of the defendant
that Mr Kon’s approach of applying a “reverse” blockage discount was both
sensible and logical. In particular, it was submitted on behalf of the
defendant that such an exercise was not esoteric and had been recognised as
appropriate by the Singapore High Court in Oei Hong Leong and another v Chew
Hue Seng [2020] SGHC 39. Moreover, it was submitted on behalf of the defendant
that the 9.08% blockage discount applied by Mr Kon was “generous” when tested
with other data points.

160 As to these submissions and putting aside the questions of burden of proof
and what, if any, adverse inferences are to be drawn by reason of the absence
of any witness from Maybank, my observations and conclusions with regard to
this counterfactual exercise are as follows.

161 First, it seems to me that, in principle, the methodology adopted by Mr
Kon in calculating the Margin Ratio is correct because it is consistent (or at
least more consistent) with the provisions of the Maybank T&Cs which, as I
have held and together with the MLF, governed the relationship between the
plaintiff and Maybank. That notwithstanding, I readily acknowledge that there
are wrinkles (or at least potential wrinkles) in that conclusion. Thus, as
submitted on behalf of the plaintiff, it is, I accept, noteworthy that the
“Loan-to-Value” definition in the Maybank T&Cs does not itself identify any
absolute figures which are to be ascribed to the collateral value. Whilst that
is correct, the evidence referred to at [152] above and relied upon by Mr Kon
strongly suggests that the collateral value was taken by Maybank to be 70%.

162 Perhaps more important is the evidence of Mr Tan to the effect that using
Mr Kon’s methodology, (a) a margin call would (or at least should) have
occurred well before 20 January 2020 i.e. on 16 January 2020 and (b) force
selling should have occurred much earlier than it did i.e. at 9.45am instead
of 3.15pm on 20 January. It is uncontested that Maybank did not in fact make a
margin call on 16 January 2020 or commence force selling earlier than it did
on 20 January 2020. I agree that this might seem to undermine Mr Kon’s
approach. However, there is no doubt that a possible explanation is that, for
whatever reason, Maybank decided in its discretion not to make a margin call
or force sell immediately – as it was entitled to do under clause 27.1 of the
Maybank T&Cs.

163 Second, even accepting Mr Kon’s analysis with regard to the counterfactual
exercise on 20 January 2020 as summarised at [156] above and putting the
defendant’s case at its highest, the best that the defendant could say in its
closing written submissions was that (a) Maybank would have been entitled to
serve a margin call at 2.15pm on that day and (b) that the plaintiff would in
all likelihood have had no choice but to start selling its portfolio of
Agritrade shares. However, while I accept that on Mr Kon’s evidence, Maybank
would have been entitled to serve a margin call in that counterfactual
scenario, I do not accept that, on a balance of probabilities, the plaintiff
would have had no choice but to start selling its portfolio of Agritrade
shares, and still less that the plaintiff would, in that counterfactual
scenario, have itself actually started selling its portfolio of Agritrade
shares. At [37] of its closing written submissions, the defendant asserted
that this was what the plaintiff did when it could not meet the margin call on
20 January 2020 and subsequently on 21 January 2020. However, that is, at
least in part, incorrect. The plaintiff did not itself initiate or effect any
sale of its shares on 20 January 2020. Rather, it was Maybank who force sold
the shares. The important point is that, even putting the defendant’s case at
its highest, Maybank would not have been entitled immediately to force sell
the plaintiff’s shares until the Margin Ratio fell below 130% and, even on Mr
Kon’s analysis in the counterfactual scenario, this would not have occurred on
20 January 2020.

164 For these reasons, it is my conclusion that the plaintiff has satisfied
the burden of establishing that the defendant’s breach in failing to transfer
the Agritrade Shares was the cause of the forced sale of the 30 million
Agritrade Shares by Maybank on 20 January 2020. Further, I reject the
defendant’s case that such sale (whether forced or otherwise) would have
occurred in any event even if the defendant had fulfilled its contractual
obligation to transfer the Agritrade Shares.

165 However, it seems to me that there is no basis on which the plaintiff can
claim any loss in respect of this initial forced sale of 30 million Agritrade
Shares on 20 January 2020. I say this because, in my view, the plaintiff has
not, in the particular circumstances of the present case, suffered any proven
loss by virtue of the forced sale with regard to this tranche of shares. The
plaintiff was certainly deprived of and therefore “lost” the 30 million
Agritrade Shares which were force sold by Maybank. However, at the same time,
the plaintiff received what was the market price for those shares at the time
of sale. Thus, this tranche of shares was, in effect, replaced by the money
equivalent of the value of those shares at that date. I am prepared to assume
that the plaintiff might theoretically have a claim for damages in respect of
that tranche of shares if the position had been that, following the forced
sale of that tranche of shares on 20 January 2020, the market had risen above
the price at which those shares were sold and the plaintiff’s case were that,
in such circumstances, it would have been entitled (somehow or other) to take
advantage of that increased price. However, the market price never did rise
above the price at which this tranche of shares was sold.

166 For these reasons, I do not consider that the plaintiff can recover any
substantial damages in respect of the forced sale of this initial tranche of
shares on 20 January 2020. (Indeed, it might be said that because of the
subsequent dive in the market, the forced sale of this tranche of shares
prevented the plaintiff from losing much more money than it actually did.
However, that is not relevant for present purposes.)

167 It remains to consider whether the plaintiff is entitled to recover any
losses in respect of the subsequent sales on 21 and 23 January 2020. As the
records show, the market price dropped slightly from the closing price of HK$
0.250 on 20 January 2020 to HK$ 0.240 on opening at 9.30am on 21 January 2020,
before plummeting at 9.45am to HK$ 0.175, losing almost 30% in the space of
the first 15 minutes of trading. Thereafter, the market price hovered between
about HK$ 0.173 and HK$ 0.204, albeit recovering to some extent over the
course of 22 and 23 January 2020. At these prices, there is, in my view, no
doubt that Maybank would have been entitled to make a margin call and force
sell the entirety of the plaintiff’s Agritrade Shares on 21 and 23 January
2020 even if the defendant had transferred the Agritrade Shares to the
plaintiff.

168 The result is that, in my view, the plaintiff cannot succeed in recovering
the losses now claimed in respect of the later sales on 21 and 23 January 2020
unless it can establish on a balance of probabilities that the fall in the
price of Agritrade shares from 21 January 2020 was caused (in the relevant
legal sense) by (as I have found) the defendant’s breach of contract in
failing to transfer the Agritrade Shares and, more specifically as a result of
that failure, by the forced sale of the 30 million Agritrade shares on 20
January 2020.

169 I readily accept the general notion that a significant sale of Agritrade
shares (indeed any shares) would have the potential for depressing the market
price and creating the negative vicious cycle referred to by Mr Thng in
evidence. However, the much more difficult question is whether the plaintiff
has established on a balance of probabilities that the forced sale of the 30
million Agritrade shares from 3.15pm onwards on 20 January 2020 had any and,
if so, what effect on the subsequent market price of Agritrade shares.

170 In summary, it was the plaintiff’s case that the defendant’s failure to
transfer the Agritrade Shares itself caused the further depression of the
share price and thereby the further margin calls and force selling of the
plaintiff’s Agritrade shares on 21 and 23 January 2020. In support of that
case, the plaintiff advanced a number of points at [97] of its closing written
submissions, which I summarise as follows:

(a) The records show that there was a large drop in the share price from HK$
0.285 to HK$ 0.250 from 3.15pm to 4pm on 20 January 2020 – this coincides with
the time that Maybank had commenced the force selling of the plaintiff’s 30
million Agritrade shares. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

While the plaintiff submitted that the price of Agritrade shares at 3.15pm was
HK$ 0.285, it appears to have in fact been HK$ 0.280. This difference does
not, however, change my analysis, and I use the plaintiff’s own higher figures
in the Judgment to demonstrate this.

(b) Mr Tan had also set out the 15-min trading volume of the Agritrade shares
being traded on the open market on 20 January 2020 and 21 January 2020.

(c) The plaintiff’s 30 million Agritrade shares were sold sometime from 3.15pm
to the close of the market at 4pm over a 45 minute period and formed a large
proportion of the trading volume in that 45 minute period.

(d) Mr Kon also takes the view that the 30 million Agritrade shares being
force sold also formed a large proportion of the trading volume of Agritrade
shares on 20 January 2020.

171 In addition, it was submitted on behalf of the plaintiff that the
Moratorium Announcement had a small or negligible effect on the share price as
compared to Maybank’s force selling of 127,745,000 of the plaintiff’s
Agritrade shares on 21 January 2020 for the reasons set out at [98] of its
written closing submissions, which I summarise as follows:

(a) According to the record, the total selling volume of Agritrade shares in
the open market on 21 January 2020 was 149,211,090. This means that the
plaintiff accounted for approximately 85.61% of the total selling volume on 21
January 2020.

(b) There was a large drop from the opening price of HK$ 0.245 to HK$ 0.170. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

The opening price for Agritrade shares on 21 January 2020 appears to have been
HK$ 0.240 rather than HK$ 0.245 as the plaintiff had contended. Nonetheless,
whether one takes the actual figure or takes the plaintiff’s claim at its
highest, that does not change the analysis. I again adopt the plaintiff’s own
(higher) figures in my analysis to demonstrate this.

This means that there was a drop of HK$ 0.075/share, and the plaintiff was
responsible for 85.61% of the said HK$ 0.075/share drop in share price. This
would mean that the price of HK$ 0.064/share of the drop in share price is
attributable to the plaintiff’s force selling.

(c) This would mean that a maximum of HK$ 0.011 out of the HK$ 0.075 decrease
in share price would be attributable to other factors, such as the Moratorium
Announcement on 20 January 2020. The actual effect of the Moratorium
Announcement is likely to be lower than this figure, as there would also be
other investors who would not know about the Moratorium Announcement, but who
may nonetheless have decided to sell their Agritrade shares for any other
reason. For example, it is common for other traders who noticed that the share
price is dropping to decide to sell their shares in order to cut their losses.

172 Further, the plaintiff relied on the following facts and matters:

(a) The share price of the Agritrade shares before the margin call was
approximately HK$ 0.285. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Refer to Footnote 1.

In the counterfactual scenario that the defendant had transferred the
Agritrade Shares before 20 January 2020 and there was no effect of Maybank’s
force selling of the plaintiff’s Agritrade Shares on the share price, then if
the Moratorium Announcement’s HK$ 0.011 effect is taken into account, then the
share price would be approximately HK$ 0.274.

(b) In that (counterfactual) case, there would not be any force selling of the
plaintiff’s Agritrade shares as the share price would be well above the Margin
Call Trigger Price of HK$ 0.2146 and the force sell trigger price of HK$
0.1993 as calculated by Mr Tan.

(c) In any case, the contract breaker (i.e. the defendant) will continue to be
liable for the plaintiff’s loss as long as its breach of contract continues to
be the effective cause of the plaintiff’s loss. In that context, the plaintiff
relied upon the legal principles set out in Chitty on Contracts at [26-075]
and [26-076], in particular the following passage:

An intervening event which could reasonably be expected will not excuse the
defendant for loss caused by the combined operation of the defendant’s breach
of contract and the intervening event … If a breach of contract is one of two
causes, both co-operating and both of equal efficacy in causing loss to the
claimant, the party responsible for the breach is liable to the claimant for
that loss. The contract-breaker is liable so long as his breach was “an”
effective cause of his loss: the court need not choose which cause was the
more effective.

On the facts, the effective cause of the force selling of the plaintiff’s
shares on 21 January 2020 is attributable to the defendant’s failure to
transfer the Agritrade Shares, which subsequently caused the depression in the
share price resulting from the force selling of the plaintiff’s Agritrade
shares on 20 January 2020.

(d) In any event, the possibility of the existence of any other intervening
cause of the margin call and force selling of the plaintiff’s Agritrade shares
on 23 January 2020 is put beyond doubt, as the share price had instead
increased from 22 January 2020 to 23 January 2020. Accordingly, the failure to
transfer the Agritrade Shares to the plaintiff was the cause of the margin
call and force selling of the plaintiff’s shares on 23 January 2020, and the
defendant should accordingly be liable for the same.

173 As for these submissions, my observations and conclusions are as follows.

174 First, it is right that the records show that there was a drop in the
market price of Agritrade shares from around HK$ 0.285 to HK$ 0.250 from
3.15pm to 4pm on 20 January 2020 and that this coincides with the time during
which Maybank was force selling the plaintiff’s 30 million Agritrade shares.
However, as noted by Mr Kon, prior to the commencement of the sale of those
shares on that day, it appears that the trading volume of Agritrade shares
already amounted to 65,780,000 from 9.30am to 3.00pm. Thereafter, the records
show that a further 60,655,000 Agritrade shares were sold by the time of
closing at 4pm. Thus, the forced sale of the plaintiff’s 30 million Agritrade
shares on 20 January 2020 constituted only about 33% of the total volume of
shares traded on that day and about 50% of the shares traded between 3.15pm
and 4.00pm. One of the uncertainties (which, no doubt, a witness from Maybank
might have clarified) is that it is unknown exactly when during the 45 minute
period between 3.15pm and 4.00pm Maybank force sold the 30 million Agritrade
shares. This would seem to be a potentially important part of the jigsaw since
it appears from the records that the large drop in share price from HK$ 0.280
to HK$ 0.255 occurred between 3.15pm and 3.30pm when some 20,615,000 shares
were sold. Whether these shares formed part of the shares force sold by
Maybank or by some other traders is unknown. Plainly, at least some of the 30
million Agritrade shares force sold by Maybank must have been sold after
3.30pm; and it would seem at least possible that all of these shares were sold
in the last half hour of trading after 3.30pm, by which time the share price
had, as I have said, already dropped to HK$ 0.255. In light of the above,
whilst I readily accept that it is at least possible that the fall in price
from HK$ 0.280 to HK$ 0.255 was attributable at least in part to the sale of
the 30 million Agritrade shares, I find it impossible to conclude on a balance
of probability that this was indeed the case, let alone whether the whole of
such drop was so caused or, if any part, what part.

175 Second, whilst I readily accept that (i) as a matter of arithmetic, the
sale of 127,745,000 of the plaintiff’s Agritrade shares on 21 January 2020
represented 85.61% of the total number of Agritrade shares sold on that day;
and (ii) there was a large drop from the opening price of HK$ 0.245 to HK$
0.170 (i.e. a drop of HK$ 0.075) in the first 15 minutes of trading on 21
January 2020, I first note that the opening price on 21 January 2020 was in
fact HK$0.240, but even taking the plaintiff’s numbers, I do not accept the
plaintiff’s submission that it follows that this means that the plaintiff was
responsible for 85.61% of the said HK$ 0.075 (equivalent to HK$ 0.064) drop in
share price or that this would mean that HK$ 0.064 of the drop in share price
was attributable to the force selling by Maybank. In my view, that submission
is flawed for three main reasons.

(a) According to the records, a total of 149,211,090 Agritrade shares were
sold on the market on 21 January 2020. Of these, 127,745,000 were the
plaintiff’s Agritrade shares. Thus, as a matter of arithmetic, the balance
i.e. 21,466,090 Agritrade shares must have been sold by third parties. In the
present context, the difficulty is that it is unknown which of these shares
(i.e. the plaintiff’s shares or the shares belonging to third parties) were
sold when – and, in particular, what shares were sold during that crucial 15
minute period in the first 15 minutes of trading on 21 January 2020. The
records show that some 53,740,000 Agritrade shares were sold during those 15
minutes of trading. Plainly, again as a matter of arithmetic, of these
53,740,000 Agritrade Shares, at least 32,273,910 must have belonged to the
plaintiff (i.e 53,740,000 – 21,466,090) and I readily accept that it is
certainly possible that even all of the Agritrade shares sold during this
short period belonged to the plaintiff. However, on the evidence, it is
impossible to conclude on a balance of probabilities that it was the forced
sale of the plaintiff’s shares that caused the drop of the share price on 21
January 2020. Again, it is perhaps unfortunate that there was no evidence from
a witness from Maybank, which might have been able to clarify the position.
However, on this issue, the burden of proof falls squarely on the plaintiff.
Be all this as it may, it seems to me that the plaintiff’s submission that
85.61% of the drop of HK$ 0.075 (i.e. HK$ 0.064) is attributable to the force
selling of the plaintiff’s shares is flawed.

(b) Second, with regard to the exercise carried out by Mr Kon in attempting to
compute mathematically what the likely price of Agritrade shares would have
been if Maybank’s forced sale of 30 million Agritrade Shares on 20 January
2020 and another trade (referred to as the “fat-finger trade”) on 21 January
2020 had not taken place, it seems to me that the plaintiff’s criticisms of Mr
Kon’s usage of the block discount model (in particular because the present
case involves a force selling event and not a block trade) as well as the
blockage discount of 9.08% for the 20,000,000 shares and 12.91% for the
107,745,000 shares, which form important planks of his analysis, were forceful
and highly persuasive. In light of those criticisms, it is sufficient to state
my conclusion that, had the tactical or evidential burden shifted to the
defendant, it may well have failed to satisfy that tactical or evidential
burden with regard to such exercise. However, neither Mr Tan nor the plaintiff
advanced any of their own calculations other than those referred to above from
[170] to [172] which, as I have said, are, in my view, flawed. Thus, ignoring
Mr Kon’s computations, and at the risk of repetition, it is my conclusion that
the plaintiff’s own calculations fall short of establishing on a balance of
probabilities that the defendant’s failure to transfer the Agritrade Shares
itself caused the further depression of the share price and thereby the
further margin calls and force selling of the plaintiff’s Agritrade shares on
21 and 23 January 2020. Accordingly, the issue of whether the tactical or
evidentiary burden shifts to the defendant does not even arise.

(c) Third, it is necessary to consider the plaintiff’s submission that the
Moratorium Announcement had only a small or negligible effect on the share
price as compared to Maybank’s force selling of 127,745,000 of the plaintiff’s
Agritrade Shares on 21 January 2020. The premise of that submission was that
(i) 85.61% of the drop of HK$ 0.075 (i.e. HK$ 0.064) was attributable to the
force selling of the plaintiff’s shares; (ii) that therefore a maximum of only
HK$ 0.011 out of the HK$ 0.075 would be attributable to other factors such as
the Moratorium Announcement; and (iii) the actual effect of the Moratorium
Announcement is likely to be lower than this figure, as there would also be
other investors who did not know about the Moratorium Announcement but who may
nonetheless decide to sell their Agritrade Shares for any other reason. In my
view, each of these is flawed. As for (i), for reasons which I have already
explained, the figure of HK$ 0.064 is flawed. As for (ii), it necessarily
follows that the figure of HK$ 0.011 (being the difference between HK$ 0.075
and HK$ 0.064) is equally flawed. As for (iii), contrary to the plaintiff’s
submission, it seems to me that any investor would be well aware of the
Moratorium Announcement at the latest by opening on 21 January 2021, if not
before.

176 Third, I readily accept the plaintiff’s submission that a contract breaker
(i.e. here the defendant) will continue to be liable for the plaintiff’s loss
as long as his breach of contract continues to be the effective cause of the
plaintiff’s loss, as well as the legal principles summarised in the passage
from Chitty on Contracts cited by the plaintiff. However, in my view, the
present case is not one which involves consideration of whether the loss
caused to the plaintiff was the result of some other co-operating cause or
intervening act. In my view, the plaintiff has simply failed on the evidence
to establish that its loss was caused by the defendant’s breach.

Conclusion

177 For all these reasons, it is my conclusion that the plaintiff’s damages
claim must be rejected. As a matter of form, a question may arise as to the
precise formulation of the Court’s order in light of the prayers (including,
inter alia, a prayer for declaratory relief) which appear at the end of the
Statement of Claim. I hope that this may be agreed between the parties but, if
not, the parties are directed to serve brief submissions within 21 days of
delivery of this Judgment.

178 As for costs, I have already received certain submissions from the parties
as part of their written closing submissions, and had originally intended to
deal with costs at the same time as this Judgment. However, on reflection, it
seems to me that the better course is to allow the parties a little time to
put in any further brief supplementary submissions with regard to any costs
order that I should make. Accordingly, I hereby order that any further
supplementary costs submissions be exchanged within 21 days of delivery of
this Judgment.

179 It remains for me to thank Counsel and the experts who gave evidence in
this case as well as all concerned.

Henry Bernard Eder  
International Judge

Zhulkarnain Bin Abdul Rahim, Tan Yiren Leon, Chen Siang En Sean and Cheong Wei
Wen John (Dentons Rodyk & Davidson LLP) for the plaintiff;  
Tnee Zixian Keith (Zheng Zixian), Chan Michael Karfai and Lim Weisheng Joseph
(Tan Kok Quan Partnership) for the defendant.  

Annex 1 – Opening prices and trading volumes of Agritrade shares at 15 minute
intervals from 16 January 2020 to 23 January 2020

![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)

![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)

![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)

![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)

SUPREME COURT OF SINGAPORE

2 July 2021

Case Summary

Judah Value Activist Fund v Open Faith Investment Limited [2021] SGHC(I) 7

  

Suit No 6 of 2020

\--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Decision of the Singapore International Commercial Court (delivered by Sir
Henry Bernard Eder IJ):

Outcome: The plaintiff, an activist fund, sought to claim damages for breach
of a subscription agreement against a party which agreed to subscribe for
shares in that fund by way of a transfer-in of shares in specie. The Singapore
International Commercial Court dismissed that claim on grounds of causation.

Pertinent and significant points of the Judgment

• The contractual provisions relied upon by the plaintiff were clear i.e. the
effect of those provisions was, as submitted on behalf of the plaintiff, that
the defendant was obliged to transfer 60 million Agritrade Shares by 31
December 2019 at latest. There was no ambiguity. In such circumstances, it was
doubtful whether it was permissible to look outside of the contract documents
to determine the defendant’s obligation. However, if that exercise were
permissible and relevant, the context leading to the transaction, as well as
parties’ subsequent conduct, all confirmed that the defendant was obliged to
transfer the 60 million Agritrade Shares by 31 December 2019 or, at the very
least, that such conduct was not inconsistent with the relevant contractual
obligation : at [95] and [103].

• Even if there were an implied term that the defendant’s obligation to
transfer the Agritrade Shares only arose after due diligence and the
subscription application process had been completed, this did not assist the
defendant. The relevant due diligence and subscription application process had
been completed by 18 December 2019, and from that date, the defendant had been
able to transfer the 60 million Agritrade Shares to the plaintiff with no
impediment: at [108] and [109].

• The plaintiff had not waived the requirement for the defendant to transfer
the Agritrade Shares by 31 December 2019, and was not estopped from so
contending. Moreover, the plaintiff had not exercised any contractual
discretion it possessed to change the Subscription Day to a date after 31
December 2019: at [115], [116], and [117].

• Accordingly, the defendant’s failure to transfer the 60 million Agritrade
Shares by 31 December 2019 or at all constituted a breach of contract on its
part: at [117]

• The losses claimed by the plaintiff did not fall within the first limb of
Hadley v Baxendale (1854) 9 Exch 341 (“Hadley v Baxendale”). However, on the
facts, the defendant was well aware that if it did not transfer the 60 million
Agritrade Shares into the plaintiff’s fund and the share price fell, it was at
the very least not unlikely that the plaintiff’s lending bank, Maybank, would
make a margin call which the defendant could not meet, and then effect a
forced sale of the plaintiff’s existing portfolio, causing the plaintiff
potential substantial loss. Accordingly, the losses claimed by the plaintiff
fell within the second limb of Hadley v Baxendale and were not irrecoverable
on the basis that they are too remote: at [142] and [143].

• The plaintiff had satisfied the burden of establishing that the defendant’s
breach in failing to transfer the 60 million Agritrade Shares was the cause of
the forced sale of the 30 million Agritrade Shares by Maybank on 20 January
2020. However, the plaintiff did not suffer any loss in respect of that
initial sale of that tranche of shares in particular, because, among other
considerations, the share price had fallen further since that forced sale.
Further, the plaintiff had failed to establish on a balance of probability
that it had suffered any loss as a result of the further sales caused by the
defendant’s initial breach of contract or the forced sale by Maybank on 20
January 2020: at [164] and [165].

Background to the appeal

1 The plaintiff, Judah Value Activist Fund, is an exempted company
incorporated in the Cayman Islands. It is an activist hedge fund which targets
mainly Singapore and Hong Kong listed companies. The plaintiff’s Chief
Investment Officer (“CIO”) is Mr Roland Jude Thng Qida (“Mr Thng”). His role
was to monitor the plaintiff’s portfolio of assets and liaise with investors.
He was the individual in charge of making decisions on behalf of the
plaintiff. The plaintiff was also managed by Swiss-Asia Financial Services
Pte. Ltd (“Swiss Asia”) under an investment management agreement. The fund
administrator was the Apex Group (“Apex”).

2 At the relevant time, i.e. end-December 2019, the plaintiff’s portfolio of
shares comprised 157,995,000 shares (the “Agritrade Shares”) in Agritrade
Resources Limited (“Agritrade”), a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock
Exchange. Agritrade International Pte Limited (“APIL”) was the controlling
shareholder of Agritrade, holding approximately 55.7% of the issued shares of
Agritrade.

3 The plaintiff had a margin loan facility (“MLF”) with Maybank Kim Eng
Securities Pte Ltd (“Maybank”) set out in a MLF Letter under which, according
to the plaintiff, the plaintiff was required to maintain a Loan-to-Value Ratio
(“LTV Ratio”) below 70%. The MLF Letter itself provided on its face that (a)
the Margin Ratio must at all times be maintained at a ratio of at least 140%;
(b) a Margin Call occurs if and when the Margin Ratio falls below 140% or the
Margin Limit is exceeded; and (c) Maybank had the right to sell all or any
part of the plaintiff’s Agritrade shares without prior notice if and when,
inter alia, the Margin Ratio fell below 130%. The MLF Letter made reference to
Maybank’s Terms and Conditions being applicable to the contract, but no copy
of those terms was produced or disclosed.

4 The plaintiff claimed that it did not have a copy of the relevant and
applicable Margin Facility Terms. The defendant’s expert, Mr Kon Yin Tong (“Mr
Kon”), had sourced a copy of what he considered to be the relevant terms from
Maybank’s website (as referred to in the MLF Letter). The plaintiff did not
appear to take issue with these terms until the eleventh hour, when the
plaintiff’s counsel suggested that the terms adduced by Mr Kon were
inapplicable. However, the plaintiff could not point to a different set of
terms which it said should apply, and the Court was thus prepared to accept
those adduced by Mr Kon (the “Maybank T&Cs”).

5 The defendant is a company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands. It is
in the business of consultancy and investment holdings. The defendant’s sole
director and shareholder is Mr Tay Jing Yi Joseph (“Mr Tay”). Mr Thng and Mr
Tay had known each other for about 3 years prior to this dispute arising.

6 The present case concerns a dispute arising out of a contract consisting of
a Subscription Application Form (“SAF”) and a Private Placement Memorandum
(“PPM”) signed on 11 December 2019 between the plaintiff and the defendant
(hereinafter referred to collectively as the “subscription agreement” or “SA”)
whereby the defendant agreed to subscribe for a number of Class B shares in
the plaintiff by way of a transfer in specie by the defendant to the plaintiff
of 60 million Agritrade shares (the “Agritrade Shares”).

7 In essence, the plaintiff contended that (a) pursuant to the SA, the
defendant was obliged to transfer the Agritrade Shares to the plaintiff by
latest 31 December 2019; (b) in breach of that obligation, the defendant
failed to effect such transfer by that date or at all; and (c) as a result,
the plaintiff’s LTV exceeded 70%, causing a margin trigger event under the MLF
and thereby entitling Maybank to issue a margin call to the plaintiff, which
Maybank did at 3.30pm on 20 January 2020 (the “margin call”). Shortly
thereafter, between 20 and 23 January 2020, Maybank force sold the plaintiff’s
entire holding of Agritrade shares in three main tranches to clear off the
margin loan at an average price of HK$ 0.1957 per share. It was uncontested
that Maybank was entitled to force sell the said Agritrade Shares.

8 The plaintiff argued that the forced sale would not have occurred if the
defendant had effected the share transfer on 31 December 2019 as it was
obliged to do under the SA, and that, as a result of the defendant’s breach,
it suffered a loss of S$ 5,389,734.91 which it is entitled to recover against
the defendant together with interest and costs. The defendant did not dispute
that it entered into the SA. However, it was the defendant’s case that the SA
did not specify a date when the share transfer was to be made and, in
particular, did not impose any obligation on the defendant to transfer the 60
million Agritrade Shares by 31 December 2019. The defendant also raised a
number of specific defences, that (a) it was an implied term of the SA that
the share transfer need not be effected before the due diligence and
subscription application process were completed, and such process had not yet
been completed by 31 December 2019; (b) the plaintiff was entitled to, and did
in fact, exercise its discretion to change the day upon which the obligation
to transfer the Agritrade Shares to the plaintiff fell due to a date after 31
December 2019; (c) the plaintiff, by its words and conduct after 31 December
2019, had waived its right to insist on strict compliance with that deadline;
(d) the defendant’s acts did not cause the plaintiff’s loss; and (e) the loss
claimed by the plaintiff is too remote.

The Singapore International Commercial Court’s decision

9 The Singapore International Commercial Court accepted that the defendant had
breached its obligation to transfer the 60 million Agritrade Shares but
dismissed the plaintiff’s claim for substantial damages on the basis that the
plaintiff had failed to establish on a balance of probability that the
defendant’s breach had caused any actionable loss by virtue of the forced sale
of its shares in Agritrade: at [165] and [177].

10 The starting point in contractual interpretation is the language which
appears in the Contract. The contractual provisions relied upon by the
plaintiff were clear, i.e. the effect of those provisions was, as submitted on
behalf of the plaintiff, that the defendant was obliged to transfer the
Agritrade Shares by 31 December 2019 at latest. In particular, the defendant
was obliged under the SA to subscribe to the plaintiff and transfer 60 million
Agritrade Shares to the plaintiff by the “Subscription Day”, which was the
first business day of each month – i.e. in this case, 2 January 2020 since the
SA were executed after 1 December 2020. Moreover, since the defendant’s 60
million Agritrade Shares would have to be transferred in accordance with the
“Subscription Dealing Deadline” – i.e. 2 business days before the
“Subscription Day”, the said transfer had to be made by 30 December 2019.
However, the plaintiff had exercised its contractual discretion to allow the
defendant to transfer its 60 million Agritrade Shares a day later, i.e. on 31
December 2019. There was no question of ambiguity. In such circumstances, it
was doubtful that it was even permissible to look outside of the SA to
determine the defendant’s obligations, and the surrounding context and
parties’ post-contractual conduct in any event confirmed what was clear from
the plain wording of the contract documents: at [38], [92], and [95].

11 It was the defendant’s case that, on close analysis of the language of the
SAF and PPM, there was a “gap” in the SAF and PMM with regard to subscriptions
in specie; that it was therefore “necessary and efficacious” to fill the “gap”
by implying a term that the defendant’s obligation to transfer the Agritrade
Shares only arose after the due diligence and subscription application process
had been completed. However, this did not assist the defendant. Even if the
implied term the defendant sought to rely on was in fact implied, the relevant
due diligence and subscription application process had been completed by 18
December 2019, long before the deadline of 31 December 2019. From 18 December
2019, the defendant was able to transfer the 60 million Agritrade Shares to
the plaintiff without difficulty or impediment, and the implication of the
term thus did not in fact assist it: at [106] and [108].

12 The defendant relied on a number of WhatsApp messages for its submission
that the plaintiff had waived the requirement to transfer the 60 million
Agritrade Shares by 31 December 2019. However, properly read, these messages
simply recognised that the defendant was late in performing its contractual
obligation and, unsurprisingly, sought to explain what would have to happen as
a result of the defendant’s delay in transferring the Agritrade Shares.
Moreover, it could not be said that that there was “silence” or “inaction” on
the part of the plaintiff after 31 December 2020. The WhatsApp messages spoke
for themselves in showing that the plaintiff continued to press for the
transfer of the shares. It also could not be said that the plaintiff was
estopped by its words or conduct from insisting on its strict legal rights.
Moreover, while the defendant submitted that the plaintiff had indeed
exercised its contractual discretion to shift the date to a date in February
2020, this was not borne out by the communications between the two parties: at
[114], [116], and [117].

13 The applicable principles in determining remoteness of loss were not in
dispute. In essence, losses would not be said to be too remote provided they
fall within either Limb 1 or Limb 2 of Hadley v Baxendale. As there stated,
damages will not be too remote if either (i) they flow naturally from the
breach once regard is had to the sort of knowledge of the relevant surrounding
circumstances that the contract breaker would generally be taken to have had
(“Limb 1”) or (ii) where losses arise in the context of special facts and
circumstances, they are foreseeable as not unlikely given [the defendant’s]
knowledge of those special facts and circumstances (“Limb 2”). Further, it was
common ground that the time for ascertaining the relevant knowledge for the
purposes of either Limb 1 or Limb 2 was the date of the contract and in the
present case, 11 December 2019: at [124], [134] and [140].

14 Absent special circumstances or special knowledge, it would not be within
the reasonable contemplation of an ordinary investor that any breach of that
investor’s agreement to subscribe in that fund would or might cause a margin
call on the fund’s assets and thereby cause loss to the fund of a type as was
alleged by the plaintiff in the present case. To that extent, the plaintiff
could not succeed on Limb 1. However, in the instant case, Mr Tay (and
therefore the defendant) was well aware that if the defendant did not transfer
the 60 million Agritrade Shares into the plaintiff’s fund and the share price
fell, it was at the very least not unlikely that Maybank would make a margin
call which the defendant could not meet, and then effect a forced sale of the
plaintiff’s existing portfolio of Agritrade Shares (whether in whole or in
part), causing the plaintiff potential substantial losses. In light of the
foregoing, the losses claimed by the plaintiff plainly fell within Limb 2, and
were not irrecoverable on the basis that they were too remote in law: at [142]
and [143].

15 The determination of the causation issue depended on a comparison between
(a) the losses that the plaintiff in fact suffered and (b) the position which
would have existed if the defendant had performed its contractual obligations
and duly transferred the 60 million Agritrade shares by 31 December 2019. The
latter hypothetical counterfactual exercise was the subject of detailed
evidence by the experts. The counterfactual exercise and the assumptions made
by the experts depended, at least in part, on an assessment as to what Maybank
was contractually entitled to do and what it would or would not have done in
practice if the defendant had transferred the 60 million Agritrade Shares. To
a very large extent, such assessment was somewhat speculative, in particular
because no evidence was adduced in the course of the trial from any witness
from Maybank: at [145] and [146].

16 On behalf of the plaintiff, it was submitted that, based on the MLF Letter,
Maybank would make a margin call when the Margin Ratio fell below 140%; and
that when the Margin Ratio falls below 130%, Maybank may, at its discretion,
commence the force selling of the plaintiff’s Agritrade Shares. That analysis
was not disputed by the defendant. However, the critical difference between
the parties (and the experts) concerned the proper way of computing the Margin
Ratio. In summary, the plaintiff’s case based on the evidence of its expert,
Mr Tan, was that in computing the Margin Ratio, it is the LTV Ratio which is
relevant; and that this is computed as the loan amount divided by the full
market value of the secured assets. In contrast, the defendant’s case based on
the evidence of its expert, Mr Kon, was that the Margin Ratio is as defined in
the Maybank T&Cs, as the collateral security value divided by the value of the
outstanding amount less the cash in account. Mr Kon’s evidence was that the
Collateral Security Value of the Agritrade Shares was 70% of the market value:
at [150]–[152].

17 The methodology adopted by Mr Kon in calculating the Margin Ratio was
correct because it was consistent (or at least more consistent) with the
provisions of the Maybank T&Cs. However, while it is the case that that on Mr
Kon’s evidence, Maybank would have been entitled to serve a margin call in the
counterfactual scenario, it is not the case that the plaintiff would have had
no choice but to start selling its portfolio of Agritrade shares upon
receiving the margin call, still less that the plaintiff would, in that
counterfactual scenario, have itself actually started selling its portfolio of
Agritrade shares at that point. After all, the plaintiff did not itself
initiate or effect any sale of its shares on 20 January 2020. Rather, it was
Maybank who force sold the shares. The important point was that even putting
the defendant’s case at its highest, Maybank would not have been entitled
immediately to force sell the plaintiff’s shares until the Margin Ratio fell
below 130% and, even on Mr Kon’s analysis in the counterfactual scenario, this
would not have occurred on 20 January 2020. For these reasons, the Court found
that the plaintiff had satisfied the burden of establishing that the
defendant’s breach in failing to transfer the 60 million Agritrade Shares was
the cause of the forced sale of the 30 million Agritrade Shares by Maybank on
20 January 2020: at [163] and [164].

18 However, there did not appear to be any basis on which the plaintiff could
claim any loss in respect of the initial forced sale of 30 million Agritrade
Shares on 20 January 2020. This was because the plaintiff had not, in the
particular circumstances of the present case, suffered any proven loss by
virtue of the forced sale with regard to this tranche of shares. The plaintiff
was certainly deprived of and therefore “lost” the 30 million Agritrade Shares
which were force sold by Maybank. However, at the same time, the plaintiff
received what was the market price for those shares at the time of sale. Thus,
this tranche of shares was, in effect, replaced by the money equivalent of the
value of those shares at that date. Moreover, the market price never did rise
above the price at which this tranche of shares was sold. Thus, the Court did
not consider that the plaintiff could recover any substantial damages in
respect of the forced sale of this initial tranche of shares on 20 January
2020: at [165].

19 The remaining issue was whether the plaintiff was entitled to recover any
losses in respect of the subsequent forced sales on 21 and 23 January 2020. As
the records showed, the market price dropped slightly from the closing price
of HK$ 0.250 on 20 January 2020 to HK$ 0.240 on opening at 9.30am on 21
January 2020, before plummeting at 9.45am to HK$ 0.170, losing almost 30% in
the space of the first 15 minutes of trading. Thereafter, the market price
hovered between about HK$ 0.173 and HK$ 0.204, albeit recovering to some
extent in the course of 22 and 23 January 2021. At those prices, there was no
doubt that Maybank would have been entitled to make a margin call and force
sell the entirety of the plaintiff’s Agritrade Shares in the course of 21 and
23 January 2020 even if the defendant had transferred the 60 million Agritrade
Shares to the plaintiff: at [167].

20 The plaintiff was unable to establish on a balance of probability that the
fall in the price of Agritrade Shares from 21 January 2020 was caused (in the
relevant legal sense) by the defendant’s breach of contract in failing to
transfer the 60 million Agritrade Shares and, more specifically as a result of
that failure, by the forced sale of the 30 million Agritrade Shares on 20
January 2020. Accordingly, it could not be said that the loss claimed by the
plaintiff was caused by the defendant’s breach, and the claim for substantial
damages was thus unsuccessful: at [168], [174]–[176].

This summary is provided to assist in the understanding of the Court’s
judgment. It is not intended to be a substitute for the reasons of the Court.
All numbers in bold font and square brackets refer to the corresponding
paragraph numbers in the Court’s judgment.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 23 Jul 2021 (14:20 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

