Case Summary Summary Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments
Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC 198

Tribunal Appeal No 2 of 2021  
(Summons No 1081 of 2021)

Between

| Yitai (Shanghai) Plastic Co., Ltd.  
---|---  
  
… Applicant

And

| Charlotte Pipe and Foundry Company  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

judgment

[Civil Procedure] — [Appeals] — [Appeal of a decision of the Intellectual
Property Office of Singapore] — [Opposition to registration of a trade mark] —
[Leave to adduce further evidence on appeal in trade mark disputes] — [Test to
be applied] — [Order 87 r 4(2) of the Rules of Court (2014 Rev Ed)]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Yitai (Shanghai) Plastic Co, Ltd

  
v

  

Charlotte Pipe and Foundry Co

[2021] SGHC 198

General Division of the High Court — Tribunal Appeal No 2 of 2021 (Summons No
1081 of 2021)  
Dedar Singh Gill J  
14 May, 28 May 2021

24 August 2021 Judgment reserved.

Dedar Singh Gill J:

1 HC/SUM 1081/2021 (“SUM 1081”) is an application under O 87 r 4(2) of the
Rules of Court (2014 Rev Ed) (“ROC”) to adduce further evidence in HC/TA
2/2021 (“TA 2/2021”). The applicant is the appellant in TA 2/2021, and is
appealing the decision of the Intellectual Property Adjudicator (“the
Adjudicator”) to refuse registration of the application mark under s 8(7)(a)
of the Trade Marks Act (Cap 332, 2005 Rev Ed) (“the TMA”). The Adjudicator’s
Grounds of Decision issued on 30 December 2020 may be found in Charlotte Pipe
and Foundry Company v Yitai (Shanghai) Plastic Co., Ltd. [2020] SGIPOS 14
(“the GD”).

Background to SUM 1081

Parties and the genesis of the opposition proceedings below

2 The applicant is a company based in Shanghai, in the People’s Republic of
China (“China”), and has been established since 2001. It is in the business of
manufacturing and supplying products such as plastic valves and fittings, and
the production, design and development of industrial piping systems for both
domestic and international markets. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Statutory Declaration of Wang Qiu Bin (“Wang’s SD”) of 17 July 2019 at [6]:
Bundle of Documents (“BOD”) at p 173.

Since around January 2011, the applicant claims to have been exporting its
products into Singapore. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Wang’s SD at [8]: BOD at p 174.

3 On 7 October 2015, the applicant filed its International Registration No.
1292448 for the application mark (“the Application Mark”), designating
Singapore. The Application Mark is as follows: 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

BOD at p 4.

![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)

4 On 17 March 2016, the Intellectual Property Office of Singapore (“IPOS”) was
notified of the applicant’s International Registration designating Singapore.
The applicant’s Singapore application under Trade Mark No. 40201605065Y is in
Classes 17, 19 and 20 in respect of the following goods: 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Wang’s SD at [4]: BOD at p 172; Wang’s SD at [11]: BOD at p 174.

(a) Class 17: Sealing rings; casings for pipes, not of metal; junctions for
pipes, not of metal; plastic pipes; plastic board; plastic poles; plastic
strips; flexible tubes, not of metal; clack valves of rubber;

(b) Class 19: Rigid pipes, not of metal; water-pipes, not of metal; rigid
pipes for building, not of metal; plastic ducts used in construction; drain
traps or valves, not of metal or plastic; water pipes, not of metal; water-
pipe valves, not of plastic or metal; building materials, not of metal;
reinforcing materials, not of metal, for building; and

(c) Class 20: Clips for cables and pipes, not of metal; valves, not of metal,
other than parts of machines; water-pipe valves of plastic; drain valves of
plastic; fiber reinforced plastic container; plastic trough for cables and
wires; valves, not of metal, other than parts of machines.

5 The respondent filed its Notice of Opposition to oppose the registration of
the Application Mark on 6 February 2018. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Notice of Opposition p 7: BOD at p 12.

The respondent is a company organised and existing under the laws of the US.
It was founded in 1901 and the respondent’s company name and related trade
marks comprising “Charlotte” are derived from the name of the city, Charlotte,
in North Carolina of the US, where the respondent was first set up and remains
headquartered. The respondent manufactures pipes and fittings for plumbing and
industrial systems and claims to be one of the world’s leading manufacturers
in respect of these products. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Statutory Declaration of Brad Muller of 22 March 2019 (“Muller’s SD”) at [3]:
BOD at p 40.

It distributes its products through partners in the US, Latin America, the
Middle East, Oceania and Asia, including Singapore. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Muller’s SD at [4]: BOD at p 40.

6 In the opposition proceedings below, the respondent relied on its registered
mark in Singapore (“the Respondent’s Registered Mark”) and its unregistered
marks (“the Respondent’s Unregistered Marks”).

7 Details of the Respondent’s Registered Mark are as follows: 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Muller’s SD at [6], Annex 3: BOD at pp 40, 70–72.

Trade Mark No.| Trade Mark| Clause| Nice Class| Application Date  
---|---|---|---|---  
40201604945Q (International Registration No. 1292566)|
![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)|
Registration of this mark shall give no right to the exclusive use of the word
"Pipe".| Class 6: Cast iron pipes and fittings therefor.| 9 February 2016  
  
8 The Respondent’s Unregistered Marks include, but are not limited to, the
following: 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Statutory Declaration of Tod Diggs in Reply of 20 March 2020 (“Diggs’ Reply
SD”) at [23]: BOD at p 862.

![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)|
![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)  
---|---  
  
9 ![](data:image/Png;base64,
iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAMEAAAArCAIAAABO/3svAAAAAXNSR0IArs4c6QAAQ1hJREFUeF61vAd4XOd5Jnp6mV4w6L2QAAGwixRJkaIaRVWKsi3JsiW5e21v4jzecn2vk6x3Hyeb5Nm73jj2jZNNVnHcZcsqlmxVkhKLRErsBEGQIIjeMX3m9HPu+52hYEZtd32fC+ORwZkz5/zlK+/3fu8/rOd5zPv+0Mue69qu59L7HMuwnMdyLl53PfzFewzr/zKe53KMxzEsSxfRxSzjMq7luY7jiBwnsrxtWY5teyzDi6IgCByHDzCe41q6IYqyyzMazzmsJzKMxOAqDApv45aCZVim5eB6URI5Hs9w6N7++yyDUeBaDIuG6jEOhoWb4JMYFe+yLN7Gn/g3xoVXWN7xXAsf51mB41mXwfAwN07kPA7/zzMuR7fy5+AxLj2IZUyHNco6a7uRQIjn6T2LdTBfnuX4yrW4j0WTxtNdgbUYxzQs16KJqyJmi5k6WEiMjnHxaIEROIvjTPqXy1qO4DISy3OiQHfyHBoy3ro6PxYjx8j8QTG04P7U6Aq8grlj+Lbj8p7F49YMz8n4AC7COtESua5n2Z6NmXOcIOBWAs+yro0txMRNhnU5gcXK0sphVRmeF7BcFVvAmtLK4eEeVpm2FT/YTk7g/XFiEBhI5Woa8fvZkG8ZNHmMhobswHRsFjPHYrAiKwkeIzkwJoYx8V+bkTlPoMcweJFhHNY1HceTBeyZyvJYJroSr2A9MT/aURpexR5oRDI7yzMGwwQZN8DYuArm5VhOUAphUx0b+4xZYYsxDpNjHVonBysjYBUcyxY9AQbgeYbHeyZ2m2VEj+MxdlyIf2BIikz7gF+OsXjGZD1sv+SymJ+F9+lTOs/IjkE2h93ERru26bqmIEk2Q5MVLTyBYWArIqMLlsnhDqzMsIIn4CZ4BIZXKFtMSLB4y7U9jEzFrWzL1suOo2ELeRfjYWC6TCigS7LOwbhwDe7sMZrLiDzubOhFQRQ5UcTGkelgvjBij7E8T+JYOJg/Bgd2A2/lYdH4rOW6CqdJJoYmMaoNF8HNREaE/2G6FswIz+Bxn6LuhEI86xiwIXi7xgolckVP5XgJt7XxJyuLV22IFph1bBYbiMXkeRgwlr5UkqNh2JZh2xyPBYabsgLLf4ANIfjY2CCMmbYa3qtbpisIrCB7jICHYUVUMourG4MpG66FWWFfySQxeVpwuJWt2JiPyJgwBMaVOIfHJiP+WBiCgmVhBaZgeqo4F3AtjgmTGcFesRSwK0VEgIIPk1vA0hjWX0KWtX3Hhm/JcAS4g1tyOJmHvyCcYNp4ExdiHKxDoYW8BUuDu+h4lbFEBg+Ca0h+EDVcz3B1UUJg5M0yDIhDtMTmKaItMQbcyMREbV4w6B50E5EpC6bB2bzHqh7cQ7JMxigx4SBT0kw+ynIINC7PaY49t7gwODh0+sTczERUVdqjqeqq6nBjI9/RwjRUOcGACzOAYZGlYCWx01hn8lUWYQlTRQRiGayaSQmAfA3PF2wHI0X4pX/gI7T+mKWjSTqcWnpnjHiTIjGM0HJpG0TedJiy6cSi2G+LsWyspiZIukDeLXqeQjZKz/BsehY9DEYlwFIc7DXn8oLDYb60av6vPzBYF42D0s/7xiE/U1AYQmgm42c929ANx/JEiRVEjE+GHWJBMUUMCK6ocjZFXT+40FJjYbA6jq1rsuXJSoBFsJF4xBAEG8uFJ9mSxwZ5icNwEMnwMMVFFGFcOAw21YJ3qWKQt7EOiF8MPEXXkPWQPkxMFNbt8gqc0TKcoCoU8iZ8FxZO8QO5Bp7oOAISCyaJoMAJuirBiRWdVsCEu1M8ZpRKdqBkbDtamudh6NgF1RZ4jJ5nNc7OkNMLSf913NpfQcRLzrFYCzaquIJrsiWbmZlcqA4GI2GVC9iMbaSPnhl78fDlI29NDpzNZeZUTmyMVoccDoGYj0bY2lRiY3/bzdtqrlvLN9R4ImtwnIGBO1aAl2irTNtPSXgYrTxQgc46AiVFPN/z4+zVPxE8bNPSWd2NwHRFVmMc3ZMwWUQtFrts+9aJW4qwzZJuRQIs4hAWx3bdgqqWJYRnR2GsIMspyMSIvDZ8kTwNvzZnm+SQSByCYNl2thCMxj1Th0UiD5EN+cbj26v/Q2nonR8saiVNwRxE/EW+YOMXFokl98MCQiIMHMEM1gSPhqM7flBnXUFyKXohmDu8pnslkzVdVg0wAZmReIuHDRG8QrDGpgoYAG5eMhjEHVsHkKA3VcULBzwkEBf5CLPxd46gmc2aOqOX/H0NMlLEI+cqsgHRiwZsZGt/lwkl+UGIA9rQdSZb8uSgFwpgLiziEHyHQ2D0kwqCHAEUPx/beUZAUFQZXqG0Av8rzDH5eTaSZNwIZdlE1IdpmBgDY8CNsDO8BXThmiI3ObpQIwihRJS1cta5M69+9x+HXz0S170qTpZg9pSGYJO2wMp8ILCEdWqqCfd3NW5a07hjk9vdlOV0XokE4CkOy2oWozu0AfRBwn+MY3iIhiEFcMaPD/A0P8nhv5grMAwiqog9RVCVaD1hPwSaYJZYUoxYYjiZQX6wXBYjx62QTxmvJAqmKEgcwqzJWhZrw7HhOlFyaTwH7iUYtFYwTiRJPBR3hUWRF3HAfMAkAIQ+fMGuA3n5NrRsRlhUzfPyrhXlpEDJYS5Pzp8anDp/MT27YOomwi0BGEHkke8sUxDdUFiprq+KtzYErr+Ob2/BFGENjmbOHTiy/8lfm+lC36aN/Q9/NNBaTwjJx4w+GqWohYDE2Gb+5Im3X94/PzlV0vVIQ13/bTevvPEGwG8W7kBohjEKeezw5MFD6bNn+bwe8EK8E8TySoJrJ+Wmzz3kBSRL5sswc5YCjKAb+Sujl18/tHh8ICHHIqlGgROdUsGxDQdpSIa/I+owlmEgqkYiarI6yFenmJW9TKoONzXymaF9L1z87XNVoZjBB5X6pi2f+gSXSniEvgluo2AA7BEATwE5EAiz5Tgv8ka5/MaBKy++NHHobX1kOqA5ETxJkLBVSNm2bkqsIvCyK0m6JKSB76ujnbds6XnwDmZ9u4daw1RO/Wb/4vBYlBHCHq86TEgSA6rICi5iFVB90bOAbeBaFgJ1yTI0RwhH6nq7a1e1W+XF82++WZ7MRaWwpCAOsYpkw2FFF5BAtRil6ApIawT8gB1cY8nSAo0Njd0rE4goVy5r09MhZFAxZFpKLqfBWaSgzCgeQhGgl+NKOcu8sDCxqBfv3HNPbXsrDBeWZNoYDgK04Du6j+J9hE3RCLcQGSeMIJhbmjp4av7147lzw0vD44VMTlQUXpF1hA24iGMj2AR4J++aRVlUalNN6Xz1XbdLjTVOvrB06twb//yz4UOvR0w5g4y9fTuTSvqFAQOHoJLBfx6qMX1u7MTrrx566pdMugy8Xmptae7oYrcikhDytwxdUCVBZtlMafH4ySsv7lMKVoyLumUBk0Bw1uNi0451bE8HlgCZEP4JhOj7oWYPDy/te92zRS3aAOhie7rhapaHqIJAheoIpm5JItKLOikzdjLafMddyVtvFaurGM3MX568/PKRJYa3lXB0df8ND95PhRQLxyR8j43lkSkwCZFSekAGZPb0UycGf/XUzNE3mdmMgjsDTkoKUmceGQ91E8sGBFr4mBoKoGYw7fzk7Nirr8kxcWXbxzyE6nThyPOvDB053hgM14mqohuqYwdF7InNShzuYMgcsl5ed/JFw9EwQyXW1OxYblQUxkcGnvunfzYm0x21LbIqUwQyM5xZDHBCWI6YXCDtiCXHs/SSK7GjpcVZq7T5tlvviMSR3K786vmLB1+PcYiWgQIbXizphmnDhuSwhPxmaa5usPOudbo4veDpq/pWpVqaUSH4aZbSElaDbOhaA/Lf80Rg3nKxfPCNkR88vXBygM0UeN1LBIKBZEKuS7khFUAFyRN1B5tJ50au5CfH80uzWUVa2djQXlOFeXPFkjk6Ec+VY9jN8Wk3X6D6CoiO9UzYN0oDhFyeC4hIkMbSwkRhbiqaJwwUyJfEvMboqPUUvMep2CTUUpZx/px59rw7PAJUJYYQ6AQzm3U83Zr3MgdfjjbHeVVROBFbxVOmtmXBiltFZX6C0x13seSGw05cAYyncZuGbXoikq5PLqQzs6ytpwV2SZCv62yvioeQRmSXCZYtoZw3pZI3WwNchuDj1+iVjA6iAN4AkgMlgAMLZOYWr7zy8tSRw9zMDDIHI4uIN3lFWHCdCbtcRA3IslHOiypyiSkFHC/AczHLTg9fnniRbV7brm7dilUXeNF2nHy+oPBayMA6mY6pWYUsqklW4blUXIhGHNMrZkuGzopKJEyejzW1bU3Xi+XM/KJkekifomekVFc0i2ZJz3tKmQlk5ZApB4qlgiYxV/KzS5651gAsZLhSiRkd184OIEcZnJCJ1WiBYMl1HZ2RSkiTnp0ztYKzwLqLbnZJdAr5Akpzqmvh45RqKe78Lg79DhVhgw3Dm56efeHF7MGDgVwZO5Osa4xsXCuv6Raba7l4yMH9AQzA+lwendzHLhzLFEvFiaEL4YsX27Zu4BRODagNkhJkAwHkBqRR5BgBhASqUTgloJEAboJKb0CeqBIOiLWKHCxoKoCHIEWQ63SLiVIcQjYwzZw7P3f5xRe0gQvhfDkiBiJR1Y1GMmN5bi7D5cpDLz27YdcNnBpSQjEUj4D5nmsIrBnijKCVV2xkm6gQTYY3r+Va6lzkU0MHluJZlCu2Oz1ljIzMDw2Kmjl86sSKy5eSPe3YMyDNCOuEGDcEvAnwhxBCLJjvcD414lcNQLyA4IQLbFjD0beE+fmoC1JDzPNcVvDynDFmG1dQFKMC8diwadfLQeSFepaSomTpYUN3R0enXz3QsXYdq0S23XZzR2sbErFq2YphKrm0MXxx+txpJ19GTg/Xxus6W42G5gJ8XMcNlFBdfUN/t9RcWxfydmsPFkZmRKAL1pEUNlZeNIaH0sNjRr6oqmK0qS7V02sqohmWO8uZPGOv27QpkYwJmaWY6zRIIog4VBCp3rZwX58dCeuOBSwNjs0puLbGl2Vxo1cY17KN9fUcPMwnSsA6VTIXCvWrmJqQWCWj4X3btOemRo6/YWXn4nIUcLpmQ0/1vTfx61Yx1TEUvn7dgMscpq2pND83dvYsKtt0IT87Pl6Yn4s0pcAnhH0OKgSDoMdWqDIyJmRQEdwGlbR4xcLeBG2rVpJE0cBoYoIYFlEvXKXaqOJ0jfT5c+NHj3lTk4plB6rC0XVd/IoW6027uG+YM0uTZ091nzoZidZwMp6GuIX9AhdlA4SoMisaKNL0UE2k8bZblVXdTAR4CSDMT0qG5V2+bO47ULg8lPKEhaXFzOA57fp+NawoTiHslSIMqqAgsXCYKYIOakdaNSoL8H/EJrkeGEL8/+iRo+bkVMK2Q4xX5NmSwM0w9pxpjTv2JIfCTpA5wYQDWZpmuYFQhAYKK5dQjelTJ0+0Xxlhe2t6t2/qu34DlbqGyWhlZnpyfh8/O3KO11B16LZZaFrRKu/cycZrGUe2Hc6TZT4W5iJKoiGyraWGyRpuMU+xXmack2+MLo4vWGUEWi4YqW6pW7f3DjYZYZIR4CGDdUPRiOKCkSrAwoMi8cSgGFdu7qu9606uJgX+BV5P6A/J2FI8YDjWnMku1Le3EhyhXIVgT+id9tQGfXwNpvYZYJQdjltIz81PGqyZYbV50fTWdfLrupimpJcI2SHVDAXsQNALhpjGBrG9zWtuCHV1xlpbLIHLaQUqimzNLBY4rxxB+CnmvGwW/AmrW7LFoP4VdZsvWaLucIbDzGW8+XTIdSPAD54j4hdlrE8J0yA9ZAomPTSk5POSZYCxEBurYjvWxe65IX5DXzEqIs9xmjb18j5zdpGKRzAaKKwksGoABS4rE09UZDQsH9u5gqlv9lK1bmOD09rgNFUzbbVsT7tQmwAhpZpm0raLw0PluUnWLimsFhXMoAfMZ/IwOE2HWcMyCWwR/0acNhhnDnjINLXZuWMvvsxks7IJxhgMI6dLYprnFnguJytFWdVFlQ9FuVA477qzemHBKhkKuA2katszy7npCe3sKQb1RlxlqsNMbYxpTjKtVUxXndNao4EMFVAGObn8EhtT2cYqpqWa6arnVzbxrdVeXAWNAeTMpCJeS4pd0cz2NDMtKb46gqEYBnhE03DKTgAG0or5Mk1V4fbGqs4WJRVFTW16etHIA15ZLNCBF6iNM211TGOV0FLDtdYy+G3HbzVbl1Dr69r7+pR43Lca1gI/TqDW7wKA9sbPtcia/sYrxRLBRZ7P6noJ6QhlSyLBKKrLgrOFJcioVeGETCjasG3bzi99ZctnHrvl85/acPdt4aZqV2XYEJhFpE0nociKaZcujaTPXFg8Pph+83zuyGDh8FD58AX92MX8sYvlE0PyYiGCWC0IQUlUYEEVLht+gPFi/+YXvcmpgAFMyZiqwLbWyp2NYk0iuaq7ZkWnwXIoQYbfOlM4NeDmy2gWgBkE8nJcFrxxScN289FguDpeJQgKwiDcB60TYGlbEWEEiHfIbqg0Db0EzBlA/UaNAtwAEQiRhwuJSlBG6CJegHo9FKbJzxBEkYsRja1SaeHM2Ynzg1o2g3UDUeWKQon1cqhtOV5TVTcQdpUQEowry0irJcHLuOUSZ7IyqmPssKbncnPjk1Sm+C0jF+EO5J8KylXhE+FANAyXlPAasXp+de23hFwECOLcXRONFTSWUGFzDl4EXQhW18XUGBfuFwTJzDpKQCEWA6SJX1JdpXEIEFFMAc+BK1Vkd8czZxfKU/PluYy+kNXnl8rzi8WlxaWZqbEL5/PFItkM0AK8yPGNiKojV4AB+T2T37FExLoRfyRKniLLQt6zHREhJ85IYcZVeFtUeFg+RVyQKdQC6+5JtXUw2VwjwE9ENVhNKy2KAa6mtW7+/FC2OKsoyRM/+1V236GczWlFO8BKcSmggtEFZ2pmqxLO4tigUioRfY9MB6ykSABRPgPtEjU1dGXx5BljcsIzLKOx1l3VyrW3MIGIWt/a3Lt++thAgFNmp/ITb55VN2xXalIoFFwer0V5OebYYG/5kAMo66AycBOg4VgQjyjtQS1YxZI3P28UwXMzZTANgWCwpkaKAI/xNidqoiQQU0f5njHBXfkoyMMuIE1SbwsLCFjHS7JRLEsuk0BBAMtlWVwK9y+4bonjYeKWKKKsNmi7vEAEwccAb2MroNZVxUSQQKuQK2ZzDFKdiAxB3T0wuDAJAHfsCjZLovjHGsSLECLzGXkfk1CpTzkDrSx8EgFQoE4BzNAwi2U3ryGPK7Yk82GiLsMRUBJg1aljB++ESQHAoxtJQ0AN6AUY4fKhE8xMMQ+OMhhUFcmzQS07Jd25NDN79NLg3kc+vueRh4k8BvmHEptj8WEaDtVQuOU1PxWf8zSrlCmiNyHLIZsVYeRk/0AqWFi/VyCLVNuCDzPIDeAHME7gDPQawVyJWrkwMnpJZ0o1kSpNL4HqkWGsBc1dKlgLOXsp7y5m3Zm0Ob2gzS4llHAiglTG2iCe0RWFJ8kgmbFzMDKHmZoT57KCboqqXNXeHOloYyIxhle56qbgzltSrV2sI4YYafjYifzIGK8bFV4Spb4SrTZBJjOKpTvTQ5dK+/cXXj0w/eLLF59+9uwTvzzzk18M/PiJgSefObn/NSJweDlZU1/TuUqNVcOBPUdCDwBVvI145PcB/B2rgDqiG7HRgHn+y56uAeLCP0HMKH7fApspyIoM0gckH9AC8fksU2ZsLChIb/C/WH2HmD2XYBsrop5Gl4uaTyhUBbSfEVKAVmAKxXQuXy6XsdO6rnsGfAAtMepfo3KlVi9SOW0nxoLAL3OyyogItxL6r6KAApFFdYcitlgoEWnJ4zWVQ1jFPsKNEFFQpfvbj5gYZuTRkxeOvfDab//pF7/8zv/46bf//hff/cdn/uGHTz3+42d+/vNzZ0+/emAfgi6hTV4QEVOJcsTNFE4iMEssxNX45hs6FbBSgEPP3kY+EtBqsQHx0PDg2QLLFBwmrzOaw+CGKs8ogpC/OLx4/Ix2YYKZzHMZU3SQEZQ4j2DiFT0YORNrr+/atmHzR3ZvffS+ngd2JW7fqN7UX333pt4Hdyf7VsipBLo6GIOMlj5qZQ21fZkhVtpkrkwsvvoaPzOvOk40Eunq6atr6SQ8glIF0LyluXHj2rJty7De0Un31Bl2YpqjRKGh7tYFaQ5FHcvm7PLUlYsHf/T4G3/3vVPf/9sz3/1/zv319y997/HpHz+Vf/Wwce6SrFtBWU3VNMptPUygjkGBiPq6HFC8iCJFw5E4A9KFChW4IACGCdqKWnM2ejmINVxVqiaarCrgHxaqabRXrKDAVgWUpCwo8CvDRFQBZNElb7a8VHDKINU5iBGACMuwccT6kBwIM5ZmO4ZpweDRVGLA+DPRuFzfGK+rA6OFoG8C5KHPpPAg8cEYkanIjCWxLlpAIpGZMD5KhYibLifihkoQ0gFJCGqcE44nCKcjtSCHUBAilpu6kWjdIBuihicYLDTWt6zpWX/Dxh1b1l6/sXvN+pX963vXrO1f3d/btwo//X1iIob6uqSVdNPw2xwUGeEw1HD/nQH5hRmiKBgxNRo0F3TgRgX8KqzYb/0hn4J39VsKyGfoEvDM1NSxJ35x/uCxgs6su3HnDQ/fE2sKedMzpl4CepgpZ+zq1Ko9twW37/BitR4nU1UMqsWE76J2NJi5ifQTPxmcm2BtkwcQMAzULsRhA1gUy4U33x5/63QE/qoG0Pq08nrx/Ii0gNIHrU07M3oJqE0OyHKZ+P+Fw4dD61dEGyNMUKLalONKqDqAHABvZOxaEfBNBn8iiLbBgnFQkM0NPZNdUmVgKrANLooT4syQ2xA6qIECsgnWjcWGzxFEg8cjGuNKWj7gI9ixx1Z3tXd2d8/PT6LmQs/cQ1hi2aASiLJixLCykL1QKEPz0bLLJbhJRFSirqAajGxzOqYsysnGJkaR6GZINEBsfqMJLmRmwewWEfEdpFfQFRyHrSBU5u9SpSuFOELZFm1RvIiGDy0vBUpU35g3hDeKFELfiIFRoglr2ZTJ/L4pdpB6DWjIo2NDZTa7esd25ubb3VQdusbUfbI0XIJ4ia1ka5NcCKIK0jEoqrKQSSMUBYNBXwzhR2PKuxDTkAql8gMStmyHuayT84xSApkoX2TyBckwZUQmCCEAMF1GxiBLOdQU9ulT9sVz+YtDl0+cmbhwiYB7VVIKquglZXk7p7hsbUyoDopRXsJvlSo0RYS2hNgcFWpVoSUxLboTSH6I1aBtLAecL2HVQnHyzWOvP/ebzNikbCK7sMjMw2+fOfCDX7703X985Xt///TffOepn/5w8PJAQOYkt1Rl67lzp9JHD9qToyxFTDeg8GoA7UfQ5OXqmujWh+7Z+sVPXP/lR7Z9+ZGtX3joukf29O69uW5bP9uSzAbcRU6bLMzr2Vk0VogYkZBTADRsRGzTdqxiAXQkQTQ/o/nKJMpo+LVNE5CouauL89vAiigHHTeYL0azhZqS0WKzDSYTyZWkbD6g6UlWjLtgF9kgSpKSiUytuXaB5ao6OypJCrclOyLQ4TfHwTKaFpKgBvBmgjTUXdMgURcaWKQAIoKGwA0uhpFbqARoX1g06OQQr4ZRPJYdcBvMUjpLwVu3wURQ5iMAjzVGAEHnAVkPL8su+PPquNBWJ7ckVfy2p9SuGnVFXai/Lb5+Vaw2FamtITUBqXKwJpRIYTH4A5CffioGVOmdkQkhTcYiUk0VADVCNg+S4eKQfvSoe/osd/ESe+Eic/6CefoMN3xRP3x48DfPu6NXmnmpDr3roCqp6FyKoFGFWMIKhmdtU26o46qiCAFMUDBlrwgSnjVLAnAlz4RlvG5GA2ZI0WSpwLHo1hBPyPJmvjBxZmDwzHmkziVOyIUjcmtbqLYhCrYwECaWQuBrO9tTnW2tvT1yAIw3HLd8+eTxyYHTDFIMpEuiEA6H0SrBDRNtTfHtW6I7b4jgvzduTd62I3nPrcm9tzfsub1z59ZyQM26zmR6UUvDhnLQRnFBgZNIHSODf0PEKRRY0BP5HEoHZjHDzKBUnPNmFvA6WGgmHqq5fn2kpclRQ7rLAzNGPT5murUu1yEGOni5tmwni+Va3e4PxbuVaBMfiIGIdCWbU8qCooejUm8/YRQEPIQ9dKmpzELGkflgRArHdFbRlZClBF0kMLzIUu4AdEZhgHqKVAjEVl31fupC4j6ibIP1xliUkCtLYRQKBmA9tBQeLAAauYqEC5kAqcWCiomqW7BYULEBh5UZvci4MFJ0qtHhRhRH9pRR0MPu8CQkz4CCLEklNFA8JTLYTaU084t6kGlQGqhCXVvr2s1TF+cWs+WgrY2eOIZuRqi2TgxGQNPougEvCAVVbWl64cwpN5uD+fMBtqolVd1chyeBgL2cQxEmFhhcU1zNCUEeBSeJSkS4ioO5oGYSiePluSWtPGtZWbRLkSkDUgOqbssqTc+dOHAwXSif97h5Jbh2y7b6zZuqapscUfEgPDOLNmeIVUEF4PnMmJ43Z84PFzh3YPBC6cTJ6jV9QSLJgw7LL1rQBQkJSY1W1wloqWILHJ3SBfzEMFRWDLZczOqHS5q4xGmXJ0bj5XQUSisKtiTjsRyjtDB76rnnzLcTnqJiBzif1QApkHOMvODV96/ccucd8nU90XXdM0tzbomkmECzAVIKoBVutUtyHPSOAEwlxAUh7NoJKpdYW1VKMpsRvOiKbramEf0vB+Q5ogjVxcSxwn+LpdJIPl9m+YKkpm1noWhXWxTuKFEg2gCsApvZngZ78jvUpPQETgAlaejZsr6Ago7lAQ5kDWU50jPkgh6UJIgmkL9BRWkY7qLJpD2UwtFSTl88fo7J6VYA9sd4ChA3aj0Uzxw+fCWdnV5afODRT9a2tuApESUIXEXiGWTSq31WvzqrBCRSWKKxXdXYsXN3ZkkbPXVSz+YmZyZymcWQCjwRgHKyhJQv8KqqlEuZfHoeUMaQpURXQ/P67khjCo5ADHBez2u6hBJLR+gl/I9eB9WtCNiGDS2cBwYJyVQzlwqlWdg49DUUCc02x6zLZrTRseHz53NGcdJlOppatuzaFd62RU6iaELu97Mpb3kKccVMoD5yaXJoZmEiOz+SKxXOnm0cHNy4ZiN1Mgq5CCtOOnAsq0kOKqJKURzOh3oBBoxOdiRhBBLzea9ooTXELWHteTuAOGaW81hwKIVABKUXFg4eLAUgiRMQxMWyrZLOjJ3ScqNGrumG9VvuuIlJBZt27Rg/d2Fq5HLYclS0MqgtjZreFkQuASUvmvACLxTKqu0F0CBhuZzA5gKBQHtL5/YbGSmI4KFBxcZBIELQnUIEClVZTEvCHM/OACa6bMEVgVwYk+QCFB5oMYl20EWI/XxhHeOglYOyDxsJ6D6P5YF40DLjADeIWqTWhcSDZDLEIoBQYuUiryxxSnUwIdjWxNunmQuXdEgQwJIpsiNwABiZsjZp6qcW52f18s4dO6obG6HcRRCqiKRhzler+n+JqQG30A4NxzZct+6hB/rvubN+07rYyvZgU52QjLpB6HtUUOxeOGQEZC8Rk1saE2v7227ctuG+u1q3bOSjYdyVCwYCzU1MbQ1bXR1raeUDQShM0Q8lk4WdGOBnSSVDDTtBDFZXBxsb+JoavrFObKzjoyFLK5fTS0IoKFYlkn2rOm7akdq0UWxtZhIRJhpiknEmVeWkqqwoUmSQaWkIre8Prel1Gurkxvoiw8xkC4yksoLEV1erTa2ZeKQUi7qBgK8Ch44VujzBAs0DHBAKiVUpKxjJQgimKirxQyFIXW0EuPpquyrO1aaYeBidTEAg0hETpw938zvGwOUeMlvaQQnJM9XbttasX2/G4lmPLUDBif3xxKgjRstuPO8k8044Y0SKrliyoKIrOs4CLqmrWnHLjjYSupBqGdIXDbYCX6ogClmUUolQY11JVRZZT66prW5pF5QAoVjqRFRYBsJDBHUcCBJ8LQFpt20NfVhBLMlyHsq9qni0vhYdKqgMYJuIVgDapP5DkAFmUAJ5QUpLopdILGjF2fTC1OzU9PTU7Mz03PTM7OTU+MiVkYuXpqemSEIAzwdo9uXwxG5U+mUV61kuzegPgv0gLzk2lUxu3aJWJ7OTYy44QAu51IWESAfIJKIWZIYoQtAqsNGQAsAltrczqRoiiiwu2Ny46b57spNzoLuUmqSSqmKhWryqLcH6E3sKbo2ybyTau2OHpETMQlkJBls6uxpW97lqUGyo3XrPnZ4ITqilvb8n2dkKUQwmgFYp5XWEbBZiAiqk+HhI2bS2HcBlYnWNXWTq4m09/YwaCXes3P7JT7u5fLC82Lr5OuiIfBk5Vp82jGofmLCqVK3sWnP37fOLS3ZCbFq7RorFUC1WrV8rWRK/BFpFRPMlqrA6VaVwa1cwofqCflxIuWa9Uwp01VkYihpiUuGVu+8QHX7m+NvFqQmjZITROPYpI/CRWD2oUIWAXPacIkrpYDjQ0lizdVPzjVuljmbXpw2hQcLo0K9BA5+EYjYXSib6tmxW4CeO29rZ2bZ+HaCNL+znqdkC3IF45dPNFMGpGiNlCrKUGQiGuro6oNfzADBa2jZtYBTQXYj1ECRTPxJuAjuAPrq6txtJDn1sUVXDqmRC+YtDBRiOJOMgRMT1YqaVNI0avRSorYnX1hCE9xX/8KVKbf8vdIwVWE1sLATTyGjYpkp1CwiGFSBRHFKqL9OEvI2iGGgrOA3YLoRKdKmg1hDBf4FyFCFfLQAzgVBD3vGYmIqcBtOnjcMd0I/AlCFBBH1SWoJxMGXwKLgSqguJuC88CK17iEBCYQb0r2fhkASe5J/k8Pu9aNlwng7VL/ofyIq6S3pIVNEACiFFgByH2E8QfByTXWLCnJdMQOd6VWCK9QPXRxU8gw1mSy4zW8CDPK/ExGUbMnzGRkOHyRlMRgOGJbeDRpREM6h4IeD0TREMB0EQFx0rcDo4nUK9FeD/octXXts/fORI+tIomylHLFECNQw5qirh8ICBQk8GA5WqXdNbt2VTZON6r7PVUYHhBV+1SEjIBACglguVQARj83n0nXwgKTLV1X7HHA0NP7Ei7Fg4ysJCIIqki0Hh6AnQIgderWwwKKWLZco2aHQgeEPBLYmGr1wheT8qO1hYocwsphmQKUHoKGGDvrwFSZz0XWTUJEPGwRsE6XLJksVIQz3hNQwNz/ZbUr+zoeVc5pdmZBwA7mWkZ1uPoHSmmUFb6R9fgGYUBChZPrELOPgDvtxxwekjukD5KSHcoR6FiBh4jEZAUiXEO/J+PwlTiCNKCwYBqpsCb5FYr5IBDEW+AhsiIg8DhdIYB2cwDS6fz8FjQMZgBYBq8T5KE3SLyr5+WnUt2YRIHv4HvI7Sg5yPsiSoXBqDy0QFLDV4dqJ0SM2P0o+06r4o0FZYhTEpMZh6gQtLUHqTDQHfwi5hhRzGg49ivXz1JR0UoUn4UiLXA0gCpYdwalmwfdgcqxlMOVu6Mjz79tmZ40O5oXFjJoM9C8RCboAvSU64ta55XW/99RuDvT1MVcIW+SLqeRE9EP+MgG6Ui6WAgrIW/gRDFUFpMsUi+rX0QFnCg/BfACqiyLFOdJoIQZE4a+QZiWcp1ZF9+Np7/BebDXNHqkIlogSAAqnsxjUIngC2Pu0ORZyfFuGkvn6ahJfAYnRohCaLyoJUFv59sEEwA2ReP5khsZFxV1Lv1QRc4YqIXeOKhlvW9aACIRx2GoQEDlQQww8/JDUyKQtpbeGzSGtwoncCFMKobhtGUFWhNyVmwG/Ag0YAQV5JlCjKoCQH6FMQLci3bQ3si26iNSDAgFDzIp7jx3ICSoioKstYKhaVWAQgDYkLxA3NgPgRBvmFeFJsOc6M0EEz0s7qRQ0rqwYR/30aTqG3sxowMRq2dFAA5u5fSLHQ0vWoGqZpMAzwI6+KFh12gFLdkwm802km2gyiWDGsylkGLLHf7kH5yDhpTQuHQ+hBirZnzWfVcEgAfYk7wgSnc8ylSWZqke4gumXWVFpSHGqO+mqG1B8I8hAoiui+ospCpgH8pVN0fldXR2MA/Dt4ezSbUXULAmphORL1YzCDA0fIJWB+fbr3qrAGOw6bgMwOQNs/90eJrvIL4zCAp0PhysECKhRA2xImR+ixgD5R3kHGhdCOjcFdwc1QYKROjW9JWAoVS0I6KnRdeMyQLAlVdUXQeI0NVep8v/tKbUVKpg71xegDJHYAQ1o5MueP0P/NFnVVlRXqDvptdl8lCItBt4iTxDK0YBgQdsCw0M6hYE3xyzOR7xwnIFE/HGLhQrmEGAKMhlcxSpzqIuvE6QMTskdYQwhlBh2Jwug5SB9BYBP/hg2FQhTBhWybLAmSDUjP0Hf0Vdg+XYrVK9plN4wmCjiVqzpuLGq+hJJRTyVTFXEAPj47l0MHNRzBuUI63oTAgoin8OiX82hNos2M61wAV1p6//AXpiziPAZOsvlqCIbJZwsBtKNUNDB0DCmA2AUzwi8Mlg5GQpmJ/9dcGccHeJysQDBFV4vj0FEFmjbCamBhMRcMBWiovsUS7gCXg4MbcBgdakU3Fo9TJcvT3PE2KCJEQDInFMl+Mx40Mh2z9NsJ0Mdhv+EPoiLxtKR0lsAoW6DNfPXB1dxDXV2cBGUdOajClaCixeNgQxK47crJqsq5JJztcUwQSJWPAjWAUaQ9w/yv6oVI70s/vgXRfoIePX364tTkpBpSw+FgLB6NVyWD4RBuWCqVNc3AYRrkpsX5JYLrpjU7O9PZ1dbZ3iJD96+bi7ncollayKdTtbWpUKRaCkjAfpg6RiUi1iKloEuND5oEhvz5Y5yVwOEfaUTII/odeQtElmboqFHohBORIv7BVl+uQh0frAH8DlEkk1+Yno/J4SCnoFBBh1yIkioVZ2OGxsYQPZPRREBRFFnSDO3ylcuFQn7d2vWKEtBMe2JyRg1GUAMhXqAAkRSxtrYanQesVK5cRAkTVXEGSYAmCtJ6GDrSNRrAIaQnYtTcmblFrAC2viqRKNtoYeCIomvm84pmp0JRQVKdYu7klQu66HauXKUEgqSlJdE6pLsceg1aSUNc1yz0Ru0oNGXYFUoTtm7oaDNQKwOPthGiFFUWCwVgL8RikHvILWQApmGQFto/h4l4QSej/GhDZ1TJxGmt8SOJsq5b+XQWcVcFXialKxIUcTlo0drUXKKiFdw5tXERJJHsQMl46MJVkL41szBbV1eH6QsYAEUTMkNfilcpI69JZ5ScLHdibPzrX//G4IVBxB5wG5FY9L77995zz90jIyPf/9vvI65+4XNfWFpK//3f/j0WMRKOzi/O7br9tk9/+hFk2Z/+6KcH3jy8hAoekjGB/9P/8B93rd8SV0KE2fBD6wcps+0Utf0v78tr2t6P7IXABeNALXnu3HmY5po1q2tqqg3LGhsfa6yrR4AvFQtLi4vpdDoei7c2tQSQB+kgpQ06BSIoGNkff+NPjx4+ijUICoFwKLJl69ZPfvaxvFH45dO/enX/y5pWrqmt7+/vv//+vVj4H/zg8dnp6T/9k2+2tneeOnf+a//+G9dv3vKlz3/ulRdfeeH552KJyJ6P3Lvj5p3z6cW/+PZflfLF73/7Oz/6h386duhIeiktAZSwbNfKFQ8+9OB1mzblspkvfvErGBv6R0owUN/StOmGbdGq+KVz58YHLvZ3d/+rr3wxm8t89POP6rz31X/ztXVr1lbhJBAgkMsuTc688vSz+156Fd3QhXLZlfj/4+tfX7tuzVIm/fxvn3/90CEYcQBnOyR57969N910y8L8wt/89ffOnT2biCce+cRDu3fddGVk+Lmnnxm9Mglod9edezo6u57/7Qsnz56xQD2yNoq/7Tu23X3XXbB0RZD+4s/+85tHjrW0d3z1q/+6u6d7cnJ63779R948Ahl/d9+qxz7zWK5Y/PkTP1dVta66dmJ0HPXSts3Xr1+9enx84r/+t/964uTbf/mXf9m/di04EBxhR21NIX+5tq+U91ftieghlirlkeGJsbHrt2ypb2oYvHDhhed/I/G8ViqeeetYKlm1orH+xXPnpocvr1rV21LfmJ6eef3lV9b3rWpvbhk6c/bihcHu6zfGGqpHJ8cl5DqgMMhJfWUMwJ5mmuNjY3/+jf8A+gF9zpbmlt7VfcjEP/3xT599+plkMvmJhx+++Zab9r924Lvf+5uP3v+RFe0dePrFoQuWbQFFrVm77v77P7J+/TpyAuAbaLRLpfPnzg0MnKuJV3d39qQaaz2Ze/3NQz/+xU9Pnzq+oqt9dU/PgYOHRkevrF+/tioZn56YuHL5ytjISE2q9vTbJy4ODna2dsxPzZ19+8TZt06AUgkpUl1tDa+IL//2t/FoNKTKM5Pjly9dyKYzK1f1IBC9ceh11N/ViQTaCMPnzo2Mjqzs7i2Z+qVLl4aHL69dt76QTh945dXpyfH7HrivYBvHcaZALxWLkKDRgVRE0/zswmvPv/D43/4dzvPHqlMZxx0cGd63/uVYOPSbF37ziyefNGyrvqkxl8sNnD+/uLS4/cad2XzujSOHRi6NBGRly7p1zo3b89ns4UMHT751BqHoztvuVgR5/yv73z5zIl6TjKaihUvZ4eELiPJ7775nanz8xed+A5X84KVLO2+7OVXfsJBOnx049+q+faCWBwYGPrr3fiDWg68cmJyc3HnjzqmxicX5BaTtjrb2yyMjz/761zMzk+AOYDfANnSkmUhporKuqs8qoeiqiMiv2SElWFyaRczbtfvWRx975LpNGxfmZ8+ePlHMpavi4ZpEtLauOjs/A3v47KOffOwTD2/esL6YyYxdGi5nc5CWxoKB++6665FPfPIP/vCrvV0rkYmIXyRIjjxKneCRK5f37X91cGBg8NzZI6+9rpfLAOAXsVqnTg+ePH3ureN0NtOyDr/22pm33z791ltvHTxkF4pVkcjszNSTTz/53Au/KenoYWDUxFTqiDPlItDKiv6e2++7c+8nPrbz7l1sUHz5wMuzC9P//t997fOf/VRtTWp89MrM1ATCP8R16DQaGrpz7OLcnJbLtTU0VCciAVFQOBbKvUtnz45fHOIdC0c8gXbhBGhlFXLZDWtXP/zARx/9+EOtDXVvHNh/ZN+r5aWlUnoppqpf+cLnv/z5z0GKff74Kajor+td093Wfmlg8K/+859/+7/8l2Imu6Kzu6WmMYq0DvLN5YqZ/PDghYFLFzTP/IP/6999/f/8tzVVycGzZ5558skXn3t+fnp6y8aNX/vDP3zwox8D2Dm4/8D5gQFoHnEmzkR/OpMp5dBrMbRCcXpiqlyAdN6ORyKRcCiTWSwUsjtvvOELn//M2jX9w8MXjx49ggz31tGjY5dH4uEIZBEDp85k5+eDoPcg18rmzXRubmhk9MS5BM5zLuTnBi41yOGu6vry3NKhF175xT//5Imf/Cybza7q62toaMBKWKgNqXIjAYDfwX1XIqsAE+pKO2UItqEAMNCugdrWTGcXoWsLBkGVwAxMCJ7QGHccvVTKJlNx9OACyMlQzVo6bAjU4oXTZ4ZOnY3ISkhRYbREBdCXdBC/iCMmZ86ctm2zvr4mHFQHzpwy9TI1z6DPF4UQwH8hb5dK9YgYoSAKueHB81omc+/uO7785S9t2Lh+Zm761PkzeQNnEunYJQoIADQUcoDWi/n0hbHh8YVp9KszxRzYgPb25ltu3bmmf9X6dWtwFmBmejqfywFW+g1DoFrAM0ivtQSIdTCmAo4kStVVccjgLp07O3TqVHU4jO8YIGGpbepasXfVyi1bN2/fvrV3ZWd6fvbkW0fRc0WxhwPKrU0Na3pXRVTVAVqPxm7bufMj9+6BLz375K+e+NFPOxoaP/3oYysa20IgXdC3MO10JjMxPQ1ZJBijW+/dfeeeu/71V750084daE1oxWIqFt+4du2tN920+bqNtdWpXHoRBznHx0bi0VBDbaqxriabXjx65Mjw0EXsYm0tzsUouXxW0/CtD6yqiB1tzZs3rlvZ1Q74MDF65fLFoZd++wLqgvvuvrsmET9/6uTi7HRFC6KybGMymQqFTh9+01rMipBSOWx3Q/Mtm7euX9kzPz7xxA9/tP+ll5KJ+MceeCAWw0E05BI0//0v3vBVQu9Ia6+C9OX/A66GCgoaCPfFV1784U9+dPStoyi1Vq7sSiZj+UK2WMwxjtbYXAd1xE+e+PE//fjxkwOnoskIXkE7oaRBj1W+cO7M8MC5RWQrC1+oAU8A1CNxGjrOc3Mzx954A1Cpp3tlXW1qYOAsjj7R94UwTn1Nqn9ll+g6r73y8rnTJ0KqkoiG52emocrs61u1/YZtK7tXIH+XDQ0IFEiQlC5AfEBZQJ6iOHzl8v6Drx07/tbo2JVceimkyAmcdCnmgQxx+DEcCgJXAYQiEgPCWpARMXY0rMaAmKFGmptfWpxD+bJ6XV9/f/fI0PnfPvUrsGRRqMhtC8GAyhD63go+FA7Eo9AOuNnMEnwsHAmWysVfP/fM0089OTcz3dhQ39zS1NzSvH7Duo72Vr1Y1IuFxz75yb133l0ViRE5i6rMcZGYJuZmQOm4Kr6hxEZ9sGfvnt2370IOxazDAQBo9LUcSeDRL8CHZmamMksLOOBx445tN+3YOj8z9cMf/OCNw0c6OzrXb9iAMnZmfrqMs+Qov1j72NFDTz/5xPkzJ3n0PXLZ55996ujhQ7093Q994uPNzY2jY5fnFzBTOuUvBqS1G9ZuuP66oyffevWlFxaW5gH4scJ9q/t23bGrtr72/MXzRa10447t9+3ZI0s4GA8FEfydvp2lwuR9kA2R/Jt66jwPVHtp+FJtbd3HHvjYzpt2BANoL/tf6WGVgxEZdfz4/OSBowfZAL9x23Xt3R2aAzX3IpSZPV0dG/p6wwCEVKiiwYoQBDLVKWul8fErA2fOQDqGfQGCv3zl0vDIhYmp0ZKWX93bc8ettyAM/OxHP/zpT35cLpfq6hCrAohwqHLLpTyiRhD/RBikU6fE2KMKAbVEShqGra2pu+666zZv2tTT2dne0OiUynPjEwf37ctk0vNzsyhio5FwdTWOF4WKWnHo4uDY2MjUxCjQT31NFVZ/ITNXskur1vVcv+06Sy+eeONIZnYONgRGy3cA/vLYyODg+aGhwampCcjZUjVVi9klaFuBhCZnpt5669hSeiGWjIfRWBRoJ+LxKA7rBhXuM498siaexHyJzQDYxC9EZ0G5iGOI6H6Y5cGhwVf2vfTmsSPj46Pg2LRSYXaajAYeiLljCevra1PVybn5mY0b1+68cZtrG6+/tv/ixYubr9+ya/ftaMIt5TMCTjdC3V3OvvnGa888+fOp0ZF1q7p7OtoOHdiP/ld1dQp0qBqUM9n0xctDS4Ul6FDDNfEb7rh58803DE2N/N1PHh9dnIaEFF9YEW1Irdm6sWVVR8HWQJDeu2fPiq4uYBKUxihMqWtGRSDRPO/ul11NbTAvODmUrPn8XXff++BDD7e2tSPCqxI3eOpECSL2JJWnqHRBIW3YsumjH/9kNIqjQU111cmh4QvZQha7dZ4OnWllw+zp6Ir09aFqQRmJgDEzM336xMn0/Hx9MgWVMMjIQFB+5tdPtbS2pJfmdm3beduuW1B4vrL/pYn0gmXaNdVVbW3NF06dOnf6JBcQTp05rZX1ptqGgISjD6Dz0M5A9SsCKxRzhevWbfjCZz4H5SZIHnMpExVkPZ3/82/+py9+5UsHD7yGCNTU1Nza0pKoSmTymWeffxYY+Wc/+hm+xqJvVXdtS6PhGiWnHKtNtK9sjycihVwOzHs+k+VlaSmbQef96Im30TC0ytrFwQsoBbbtuAGEFr4lBgqbT33us6j1/vs//I/TA6fPXhjYdfutkiwkYsQ4gfStqaoi/Fk5KEtcE1NfV9fX27fv9f1obhw59Pqvf/Wbp37x1Kb1G7dt2Vrf0ACkePr4ieeeeho81ejISCIW2737tjMnT1I3xLV7Vq1sbW1+7bUDgDS9/X0otWCR49MTZbMMQS16qn193Tduv6ELflRbV8wVv/WtvwAfMT8/f/TwQUR0oM9XXnoxl8+MTY3VNNau27QB6CJcFT90+AjocRgKvtgFKrxANBCMBWEjajDQ3tlBJbXPhkHID1kC9S6vVeMvo6KrFCOdYsRJHYAc+VOPPnbj9u1N9Q0Qd0JGiimgmxUJ8kvzs6VyKZ6KPPrpR3befPPW7TsampuLeolXuK7+FVJQXFiYP/L66+dOnzp65HCpVKQvZ8BBX9a7MDiI3FxXU/vQAx97/PF//PZf/98dK9pGxq+cHRxIZ7NgJpNNDe29q+LIvdFI14pm6Azg7oGw+s8/+eEf/ps/euGll/tX9d9z++5EKALKFiwJ5obz/jjlCuDV2tDYWlcPFRy+b6utqe3+W++oUsLDg1f+45/86fjYlVW9q5qaG+PJeEdnZ1NLC8ziyLE3MtnS1i3XV1UlEZlMxq1qrI2konJITKQSqhJIxmJ1NXXI/Ndvv0EJhxZy6cNH3zh++lQsmdh955237NrV1NGme05TR/vmbVsfevjh9q5OXAxokitkoCGurk6CA+tqa0Hx6H93F7UjISABLRSPxHraOrrq68KO8wef+uyvnnwSlfzuu+749Bc+/+inHlu3bu3FS0Pf+rNv/ckf//Hc/Oz9D+ypTlWdOPkWiD4o46ob6xvamlM11bX19bFklYBTwrEIgEcmvwRKJxwJ3HffPV/60ufuufeuNWtXQy0GPBSLBL76R3/04AMPfO0rf7B6RefM2Ogbr7928fx5OjcClLKqe8PmDWiO4nAWDgwHQHWKOFdnoVgBi1lbU9XV0UGHtvxWAx0w9WXUfuuc5b/5zW++lx8iVM1zYZCmochjn/6MqgQh3QfaAKOJdBKJhtesXYM9CMXiIM1u3HkLur50ohynmVQ1mUjE4kl8pKW5tbu7u7Or65HHPlUNXQfU4H6vfmpiYnDg/IrOrr/6i78EFQFNExa2bUXXxo3X3bRjx4b+NfF4Ej1k4F8hGHjgoYfuvWcP0lQgEKpvaQGYXNnb89H7P3bvXfeCTwIRilFB84OC5NLQMHZl1627env7cNiA2F4G3KAKhNTW1dLVC0n5urvv3bNhw4Zksso0zXyxICn4bgunt7v7O//tO/HGhpn52QvDg5u2br7ppp3xSBR5V5bkzq5Vq1av6VuzBmV2oVROpapX961et3rdnj17H3z4E2huDw4NPf/Ci//pW3/W37cGfO9rrx9sbGm5+757e3t6gGZmp6YGL5y/ddfujZs3SQicaAISv0GFMbqq8MhcLjM/O9ve2QU6vqev7+MPPdzc1JRKpTC7hcUlEPogaW++9ZYvfekrddU1Tz/7TH9P75779tYkqo4fOz6/lL519+5bbrttdHz8mV8/s/cjH1nZs+Lom2/U1dbeccednV0rgTi0QnlsbOr8hUsbNmz6t9/4YzkELUkN0nFdXW3PqlUdXV3gbnp7e4NKCKDl9OnTCCKhUHjvfXtbW1sRtlHzo9TfvfuOLVu2SpJsGSZGjzWn3rxfxlMNtswx/ktU7XcyqCdLVOdVnaXfWLtKI1eocv/YLETdBDVJJVkhxsmYKkpt+gCdhrwqdam8UMHz79R/lS+IW2be32mjXB1N5bu0fjc0/5N+365CkFZuRIkXmBLVIo4IXv0yE3rHl/v4Y6HGB036quKF4gGQGRaCOsXwa9+xfNRPENHnkekBdGrWQpMHjThi9f17+c0eujPNnb7YEF864JArQ0mKyaKFQrp9kmjiA9T5KRbRVPVwNhkHavwvOqy0oakZQR/GERHEUkmCGqCiS6LvQqDnELtMzR94PESKaF7RgRcNMYCOFUCOWNaxkGC9ry7C1XWHL2Nc1JChmOdvoKkZ+XwefYUoABk8iw6jEagglYN/c4AzPMswDBTwJLN3oZ4F+SFjVfEKXo/FwBtEf7cN//KvD7KhD7r+qlVgt/xNJHoJK0hdcnwxGzHv1MbASsBYK2tRMdUPsFTfkt51quQag3mHQn/3YOhuvhaM7Nb/WdaDV1z8fUdPUdg3ep/8r3yfJ4ZK9Vzlerz2Dnt/9VpcSd/AU1GdXcODUEfxnenTTtu2H9fpPsSdVPRR/o+fDiDmx5dXqP6LJGTzv3WF9P34vkb8jxo41FenLyOo/LwzSF+Kg94uVB/+GuLmldKaNFrQwPoH2T5gsnQkHm/hekxV03R8Cvwyma7/4x9vphNBvtPh6dAHwJqpj0qu5Z879F/EN2s6GPwHl/AfGIc+0IYqj6/MbVk+S5EZOcX/qbyOf37Idn6IhV771gdZXqUDdHW9f9fmo6V5Zw/e5wnL1lw5Hl65+GpSr9jQNV/ntXwx7KNyhvNaG1q++zK573vO1UMy1z67YmG4rGIHy9dX/qi8W+mIvXfwlc2ufKoynuVZV0zqwz1zeY/w2eW/l29Y2cfKsCsWT5DZ/2P5muWnfJBbVmb6e8Shq2tdefzyduLxZNh0pNPXB/pfIPzBMeZ/0Yre/7JrbajyuMp1H7Kmy5dVPnvt8i0vUGWhr92zykJXDOhdT6k8a9luKrv7vnZWOY1e8bfKil07mMr9l+PWeydcsZXKai9b9vIfH7KOFZfwg9bV9akYyvJ9ln3mWuuvDHLZXpe3+ENG+PvY0HtNddnDlndx2XUq7vX/yWTe78PX+tP/ohldawTL5vJe43jX3d4VCZbn/i5TuPZTy+NdDjYV86osxbsW5L33ufbjlb/ftdmVwX9IxK0M8lrLW37otZ+tXPAun6nYEG6+7DyUUPHFDB+QNOn63293r53A8t+Vlar8/P9hN9cO9V0r+OER6F1zrPh9ZZzvnf61I/+QWbx3Ba595V3jufaf77rnh5jCuxzy2g/+T+dbue17PeR9H3ft3ZY/svy4a+Pr+1rL72lDy5a+fNPlcSxb9+9nnf+7n7o24P1PV/a9VlgJDB/y0A/Z48oqV1z82hV/192uNYUPedB7h/GuXfygf37QPd935Ms3eW8EWg5IeKsS+Sp3/nAbgs39vwZ/nWhGPvE9AAAAAElFTkSuQmCC)![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)I
shall refer to as the “Respondent’s Unregistered Word Mark”, and as the
“Respondent’s Unregistered Logo Mark”.

The decision below

10 In this section, I only highlight salient points of the Adjudicator’s GD
which will assist in appreciating the nature and relevance of the further
evidence sought to be adduced in SUM 1081. The respondent’s opposition is
founded on ss 8(2)(b) (similarity with earlier registered mark), 8(4)(b)(i)
read with 8(4)(a) (well known trade mark) and 8(7)(a) (passing off) of the
TMA.

11 The Adjudicator rejected a preliminary objection by the applicant to the
respondent’s reliance on the Respondent’s Unregistered Marks. The applicant
argued that the respondent failed to plead these marks. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

GD at [15].

However, the Adjudicator found that “there was sufficient reference in [the
respondent’s] pleadings and the evidence tendered, to the [respondent’s]
common law rights in [the Respondent’s Unregistered Marks]”. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

GD at [20].

12 The Adjudicator then allowed the opposition under s 8(7)(a) of the TMA on
the basis that the Application Mark had passed off the Respondent’s
Unregistered Marks. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

GD at [68], [74], [79], [82].

She recognised the respondent’s goodwill in Singapore from 2013 to 2015 based
on invoices from the respondent to its Singapore distributor, Agru Technology
Pte Ltd (“Agru Tech”) on which the Respondent’s Unregistered Logo Mark was
printed (“the Respondent-Agru Tech Invoices”). 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Muller’s SD at Annex 6: BOD at pp 91–106.

The Adjudicator also accepted, as evidence of goodwill, invoices from Agru
Tech to consumers in Singapore, from 2014 to 2015 (“the Agru Tech-Singapore
Consumers Invoices”). 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

GD at [68].

Although neither the Respondent’s Registered Mark nor the Respondent’s
Unregistered Marks are printed on the Agru Tech-Singapore Consumers Invoices,
the Adjudicator held that the description of the products on these invoices
“appeared to correspond with the description of products sold from the
[respondent] to Agru Tech and the description of the [respondent’s] products
on Agru Tech’s website”. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

GD at [50], [68].

For completeness, the Adjudicator dismissed the opposition under s 8(2)(b) of
the TMA because the Respondent’s Registered Mark was registered after the
application for the International Registration of the Application Mark was
filed. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

GD at [31]–[32], [54].

13 The applicant appeals against the Adjudicator’s decision to allow the
opposition under s 8(7)(a) of the TMA. Its grounds of appeal include that: 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Applicant’s Bundle of Documents (“ABOD”) at p 3.

(a) The Adjudicator erred in concluding that the Respondent’s Unregistered
Logo Mark should be considered for the purposes of the respondent’s
opposition;

(b) The Adjudicator erred in concluding that the respondent had goodwill in
Singapore as of 7 October 2015 as a result of use of the Respondent’s
Unregistered Logo Mark; and/or

(c) The Adjudicator erred in concluding that the use of the Application Mark
would constitute a misrepresentation giving rise to a likelihood of confusion
with the relevant sector of the public.

Facts pertaining to SUM 1081

14 On 5 March 2021, the applicant filed SUM 1081 for leave to adduce further
evidence, in Wang Qiu Bin’s (“Mr Wang”) first affidavit of 19 March 2021 (“Mr
Wang’s First Affidavit”), for TA 2/2021. Mr Wang is the general manager of the
applicant. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Wang Qiu Bin’s 1st Affidavit of 19 March 2021 (“Wang’s 1st Affidavit”) at [1]:
ABOD at p 64.

The applicant groups its further evidence into two categories: (a) the Import
Evidence; 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Wang’s 1st Affidavit at [9]–[34], pp 43–160: ABOD at pp 67–77, 106–223.

and (b) the SCH 80 Evidence. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Wang’s 1st Affidavit at [36]–[46], pp 162–307: ABOD at pp 77–79, 225–307.

15 The Import Evidence, in essence, aims to prove “use of the Application Mark
in Singapore prior to the earliest date which the [r]espondent was found in
the GD to allegedly have goodwill, which is 17 December 2013”. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Applicant’s submissions of 3 May 2021 (“AS”) at [19].

The applicant classifies the Import Evidence into four categories and claims
that the evidence shows: 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

AS at [17].

(a) sales of products bearing the Application Mark to Hyflux Membrane
Manufacturing (S) Pte Ltd (“Hyflux”) in Singapore in January 2012;

(b) sales of products bearing the Application Mark to Hyflux in Singapore from
February to April 2012;

(c) sales of products bearing the Application Mark to Hyflux in June 2012;

(d) the installation of the applicant’s goods bearing the Application Mark in
the Hyflux Tuaspring water desalination plant in Singapore (“the Hyflux
Desalination Plant”) on or before 26 August 2013.

16 With regards the SCH 80 Evidence, the applicant is of the view that the
Adjudicator erred in finding, from the Agru Tech-Singapore Consumers Invoices,
that Agru Tech had supplied the respondent’s products to customers in
Singapore. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

AS at p 20, heading V(c).

On the applicant’s reading of [68] of the GD, the Adjudicator erroneously
concluded that the terms “SCH 80”, “Schedule 80” or “PVC SCH 80” (“the SCH 80
Terms”) found in the Agru Tech-Singapore Consumers Invoices were distinctive
of the respondent’s goods. The relevant portions of [68] and [50] of the GD
(the latter paragraph being cross-referenced in the former) state as follows:

68 … As mentioned (at [50] above), the invoices from Agru Tech to its
consumers contained descriptions of products which appeared to correspond with
the description of products sold from the [respondent] to Agru Tech and the
description of the [respondent] products on Agru Tech’s website. It was clear
that there were sales conducted by the [respondent] of its products during the
period from 2013 to 2015.

50 … As for the [Agru Tech-Singapore Consumers Invoices], while there was no
clear use of any of the [Respondent’s] Unregistered Marks on these invoices,
the descriptions of the products (to which the marks were applied), i.e “PVC
SCH 80…”, appeared to correspond with the description of products sold from
the [respondent] to Agru Tech and the description of the [respondent’s]
products on Agru Tech’s website.

17 The applicant’s SCH 80 Evidence aims to show that, in fact, these are
“generic terms and/or specifications which are widely used in industry”. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

AS at [42].

Put another way, the Agru Tech-Singapore Consumers Invoices do not evidence
sales of the respondent’s goods by Agru Tech to consumers in Singapore. The
SCH 80 Evidence consists of:

(a) the definition of PVC; 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Wang’s 1st Affidavit at [42], pp 162–171: ABOD at pp 225–234.

(b) websites illustrating the meaning of Schedule 80; 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Wang’s 1st Affidavit at [43], pp 172–195: ABOD at pp 235–258.

and

(c) sales brochures from companies around the world which sell PVC Schedule 80
pipes. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Wang’s 1st Affidavit at [44], pp 196–307: ABOD at pp 259–370.

The parties’ cases

18 The applicant argues that the Ladd v Marshall [1954] 1 WLR 1489 (“Ladd v
Marshall”) conditions, traditionally applied to determine the admissibility of
further evidence on appeal, are not the only relevant factors in trade mark
proceedings. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

AS at [12].

It urges the court to consider, in addition, the factors enumerated in Hunt-
Wesson Inc’s Trade Mark Application [1996] RPC 233 (“Hunt-Wesson”) (“the Hunt-
Wesson factors”) (see [32] below).

19 With regards the Import Evidence, the applicant initially argued in its
written submissions that it could not have adduced this evidence earlier due
to the defects in the respondent’s pleadings below. However, at the hearing
before me, when asked whether the distinctive element of the Respondent’s
Registered Mark and Respondent’s Unregistered Marks is “CHARLOTTE”, the
applicant accepted that this was the case. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Minute sheet of 14 May 2021 (“MS”) at pp 2–3.

Coupled with the fact that it had claimed user of the Application Mark since
2011 in its statutory declarations (see [42] below), the applicant recognised
that it would have difficulty showing that the Import Evidence could not have
been obtained with reasonable diligence. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

MS at p 3.

The applicant also submits that the Import Evidence is highly significant to
the outcome of the appeal and is credible. It further argues that the
respondent will not suffer prejudice which cannot be compensated by costs, and
that allowing its application will avoid multiplicity of proceedings (ie, the
need to separately oppose any applications for the registration of the
Respondent’s Unregistered Marks).

20 With regards the SCH 80 Evidence, the applicant submits that the need for
this evidence only arose due to [68] of the GD. Such evidence is highly
significant as it affects the existence of the respondent’s goodwill and is
credible. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

AS at [44], [45].

21 The applicant also submits that the court has the power to remit this
matter to the Adjudicator under O 55 r 6(5) of the ROC or its inherent power.
32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Applicant’s further submissions of 28 May 2021 (“AFS”) at pp 2–7.

However, as there is no necessity for remission in this case, 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

AFS at [11].

the existence of this power is no impediment to granting its application.

22 The respondent also submits that both the Ladd v Marshall conditions and
Hunt-Wesson factors are relevant. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Respondent’s submissions of 3 May 2021 (“RS”) at [75].

As to their application to the facts, the respondent argues that none of the
Ladd v Marshall conditions and Hunt-Wesson factors support granting the
application. In the main, the respondent highlights that the further evidence
could have been adduced earlier and that the applicant is now attempting to
cure defects in its case by responding to the GD. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

RS at [86].

23 With regards the Import Evidence, the respondent questions its authenticity
36

##### Foot Note 36

×

RS at [72].

and submits that the further evidence will not have an important influence on
the result of the appeal. In respect of the latter point, the respondent
points out, inter alia, that the Import Evidence does not prove sales of the
applicant’s goods in Singapore by reference to the Application Mark 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

RS at [50].

and that the applicant did not plead prior goodwill. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

RS at [46].

24 As for the SCH 80 Evidence, the respondent argues that besides the SCH 80
Terms, there are other identifiers in the descriptions of the goods sold which
are common to both the Respondent-Agru Tech Invoices and Agru Tech-Singapore
Consumers Invoices which the Adjudicator could have relied on to find that
Agru Tech was selling the respondent’s goods. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

RS at [64].

In any case, the existence of its goodwill is also premised on the
respondent’s sales to Agru Tech itself from 2013 to 2015, as evidenced in the
Respondent-Agru Tech Invoices. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

RS at [65].

25 In addition, the respondent submits that allowing the application will
cause it prejudice which cannot be compensated by costs and undermines
finality in the opposition. Finality is undermined as the court has the power
to remit the case to the Adjudicator under O 87 r 4(2) ROC and remission would
be appropriate if the application is granted so as to, inter alia, allow
cross-examination of Mr Wang. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Respondent’s further submissions of 28 May 2021 (“RFS”) at [17].

Finally, the respondent argues that there is no public interest in granting
the application as a party asserting a proprietary right in a trade mark has
the responsibility to advance its entire case, including all relevant material
in support thereof. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

RS at [110].

Issues to be determined

26 Based on the foregoing, the issues for my determination are:

(a) What is the test to be applied in deciding whether to grant leave for
further evidence to be adduced under O 87 r 4(2) of the ROC?

(b) Whether the Import Evidence should be admitted on appeal under O 87 r 4(2)
of the ROC?

(c) Whether the SCH 80 Evidence should be admitted on appeal under O 87 r 4(2)
of the ROC?

The test for adducing further evidence on appeal under O 87 r 4(2) ROC

27 Both parties are in broad agreement as to the proper test to be applied to
determine if further evidence should be adduced on appeal under O 87 r 4(2)
ROC. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

AS at [10]; RS at [23]–[24].

Namely, the factors endorsed by the Court of Appeal in Martek Biosciences Corp
v Cargill International Trading Pte Ltd [2011] 1 SLR 1287 (“Martek”) in
respect of O 87A r 13(2) ROC (appeals from the Registrar of Patents (“the
Patents Registrar”)) are also relevant under O 87 r 4(2) ROC (appeals from the
Registrar of Trade Marks (“the TM Registrar”)).

28 The applicable provision in this case, O 87 r 4(2) ROC, provides that:

An appeal shall be by way of rehearing and the evidence used on appeal shall
be the same as that used before the Registrar [of Trade Marks] and, except
with the leave of the Court, no further evidence shall be given.

29 O 87 r 4(2) is in pari materia with O 87A r 13(2) ROC. The latter is the
equivalent provision in respect of patent proceedings:

An appeal shall be by way of rehearing and the evidence used on appeal shall
be the same as that used before the Registrar [of Patents] and, except with
the leave of the Court, no further evidence shall be given.

30 Before turning to the Court of Appeal’s pronouncement in Martek, by way of
context, I ought to set out the general test for adducing further evidence on
appeal. The former O 57 r 13(2) of the Rules of Court (2006 Rev Ed) (“ROC
2006”) conferred on the Court of Appeal the power to admit further evidence on
appeals from the High Court. The Ladd v Marshall test was applied to determine
if further evidence should be admitted on appeals from the High Court to the
Court of Appeal (Martek at [12]–[13]). The Ladd v Marshall test prescribes
that the further evidence sought to be adduced (Martek at [11]):

(a) must not have been obtainable with reasonable diligence for use at the
trial;

(b) must be such that, if given, would probably have an important influence on
the result of the case, although it need not be decisive; and

(c) must be apparently credible, although it need not be incontrovertible.

Following the constitution of the Appellate Division of the High Court and
corresponding amendments to the ROC, the court’s power under the former  
O 57 r 13(2) of the ROC 2006 may be found in O 57 r 13(1) read with O 55D r
11(1) of today’s ROC (appeals to the Court of Appeal).

31 Martek at [12] makes clear that the Ladd v Marshall conditions give effect
to the requirement of “special grounds” being proven before further evidence
may be adduced on appeal, other than for evidence as to matters which occurred
after the date of the decision being appealed (O 57 r 13(1) read with  
O 55D r 11(1) ROC). For ease of reference, O 55D r 11(1) and O 57 r 13(1) of
the ROC state as follows:

General powers of Court (O. 55D, r. 11)

11.—(1) The General Division shall have power to receive further evidence on
questions of fact, either by oral examination in the General Division, by
affidavit, or by deposition taken before an examiner, but no such further
evidence (other than evidence as to matters which have occurred after the date
of the decision from which the appeal is brought) may be given except on
special grounds.

…

General powers of Court (O. 57, r. 13)

13.—(1) In hearing and deciding an appeal, the Court of Appeal has all the
powers and duties, as to amendment and otherwise, of the General Division.

…

[emphasis in original in bold; emphasis added in bold italics]

32 However, the Court of Appeal in Martek held that having regard to: (a) the
fact that the requirement of “special grounds” is not found in O 87A r 13(2)
of the ROC (at [12]); and (b) the nature of proceedings for revocation of
patents (which affects the public’s interest in a way not found in private
litigation between two parties) (at [14]), the Ladd v Marshall test should not
be prescribed as a strict test for the purposes of an application to adduce
further evidence under O 87A r 13(2) of the ROC (at [35]). In practical terms,
this means that although the Ladd v Marshall conditions are “useful”, just
because the applicant has not satisfied all the Ladd v Marshall conditions
does not mean that its application must necessarily fail (at [11], [35]). The
court should go further to consider whether there are any other compelling
factors which make it “just” to admit the further evidence in question (at
[17], [35]). In this regard, the other considerations stated by Laddie J in
Hunt-Wesson at 242, while non-exhaustive, are relevant:

(a) whether the evidence could have been filed earlier and, if so, how much
earlier;

(b) if the evidence could have been filed earlier, what explanation for the
late filing has been offered to explain the delay;

(c) the nature of the trade mark;

(d) the nature of the objections to it;

(e) the potential significance of the new evidence;

(f) whether or not the other side will be significantly prejudiced by the
admission of the evidence in a way which cannot be compensated, eg, by an
order for costs;

(g) the desirability of avoiding multiplicity of proceedings; and

(h) the public interest in not admitting onto the register invalid trade
marks.

33 Having considered the parties’ submissions and the Court of Appeal’s
reasoning in Martek, I find that the approach in Martek described in the
preceding paragraph (“the Martek approach”) should be adopted in respect of  
O 87 r 4(2) of the ROC. My reasons are as follows.

34 First, as a matter of principle, the reasons for which the Court of Appeal
in Martek held that the Ladd v Marshall test should not be strictly applied
under O 87A r 13(2) apply equally under O 87 r 4(2). Namely, there is no need
to prove “special grounds” under either provision in order to adduce further
evidence on appeal. Further, the registration of both patents and trade marks
does not merely affect the parties to the particular proceedings in question,
but have “repercussions on the market at large” (Martek at [14]). Like the
proprietor of a patent, a proprietor of a registered trade mark in Singapore
enjoys a monopoly within the jurisdiction in connection with, inter alia, “the
use of his trade mark in relation to goods or services which are identical to,
or similar with, the goods or services within the specification of
goods/services of his registration” (Ng-Loy Wee Loon, Law of Intellectual
Property of Singapore (Sweet & Maxwell, 2nd Ed, 2014) at para 20.3.3; s 27 of
the TMA). Put another way, the statutory monopoly granted by registration of a
trade mark affects “all traders in the country” (Hunt-Wesson at 241).

35 Second, the Court of Appeal in Martek itself recognised the similarities,
highlighted in the preceding paragraph, between patent and trade mark
proceedings (at [10], [13]–[14]). Additionally, Hunt-Wesson, the case in which
Laddie J enumerated the factors endorsed by the Court of Appeal in Martek in
connection with O 87A r 13(2) ROC, involved an appeal against the dismissal of
an opposition to a trade mark registration (at 236).

36 Third, the two-step analysis prescribed by the Court of Appeal in Anan
Group (Singapore) Pte Ltd v VTB Bank (Public Joint Stock Co) [2019] 2 SLR 341
(“Anan Group”) to assist in determining how strictly to apply the Ladd v
Marshall test in any given case supports the adoption of the Martek approach
in trade mark proceedings. The two-step analysis is as follows (Anan Group at
[57]–[58]):

(a) First, the court should consider the nature of the proceedings below and
evaluate the extent to which they bear the characteristics of a full trial, or
whether it more closely resembles an interlocutory appeal. In appeals against
a judgment after trial or a hearing bearing the characteristics of a trial,
the interests of finality assume heightened importance, and the court should
apply the requirements in Ladd v Marshall with its full rigour, subject to the
second stage of the analysis. On the other hand, in interlocutory appeals or
appeals arising out of hearings which lack the characteristics of a trial, the
court remains guided by the rule in Ladd v Marshall but is not obliged to
apply it in an unattenuated manner.

(b) Second, if the court determines that Ladd v Marshall should be applied
strictly due to the nature of the proceedings below, the court should then
determine if there are any other reasons for which the Ladd v Marshall
requirements should be relaxed in the interests of justice. Such cases for
relaxation would fall into three categories:

(i) the new evidence reveals a fraud that has been perpetrated on the trial
court;

(ii) the applicant was prevented from adducing the fresh evidence during the
hearing below in circumstances which amount to a denial of natural justice;
and

(iii) the subject matter of the dispute engenders interests of particular
importance whether to the litigant or to the society at large.

In each of these categories, the court is entitled to determine whether Ladd v
Marshall should be relaxed in the particular circumstances of the case so as
to achieve justice on the facts.

37 Under the first step, I take the view that proceedings before the TM
Registrar are in some ways akin to full trials. This is because parties put in
evidence by way of statutory declarations and the TM Registrar may direct the
taking of oral evidence and cross-examination of witnesses (Trade Marks Rules
(2008 Rev Ed) (“TMR”), rr 69(1) and 69(3)). My characterisation of trade mark
proceedings aligns with the Court of Appeal’s in relation to proceedings
before the Patents Registrar (Martek at [14]; Anan at [54]). In Martek, the
Court of Appeal accepted that proceedings before the Patents Registrar are in
some ways akin to full trials with oral evidence being adduced and cross-
examination taking place. The court explains that this (at [14]):

… entails that each party in a proceeding before the Patents Registrar must
put its entire case before the Patents Registrar. It would be highly
undesirable to freely permit parties, after the Patents Registrar has decided
a matter, to adduce further evidence in an appeal from the Patents Registrar’s
decision to the High Court

Prima facie, the nature of trade mark proceedings weighs in favour of a strict
application of the Ladd v Marshall conditions.

38 However, at the second step of the Anan analysis, the public interest
implications of trade mark proceedings described at [36(b)(iii)] above render
the uncompromising application of the Ladd v Marshall conditions
inappropriate. Under the Martek approach, the non-exhaustive Hunt-Wesson
factors are relevant considerations to the court’s discretion on how far to
relax the Ladd v Marshall conditions. But, as the Court of Appeal cautioned in
Anan at [46], the Ladd v Marshall conditions are not automatically relaxed if
a case falls into one of the identified categories in step two of the
analysis. Thus, when applying the Martek approach, courts must pay close
attention to the specific circumstances of each case.

39 For all these reasons, the Martek approach should be adopted to determine
whether to grant leave for further evidence to be adduced under O 87 r 4(2) of
the ROC. I will now apply this approach to each category of further evidence
sought to be adduced in this application.

Whether the Import Evidence should be admitted on appeal under O 87 r 4(2) of
the ROC?

Ladd v Marshall conditions

40 I begin by considering the Ladd v Marshall conditions.

Reasonable diligence

41 With regards the first Ladd v Marshall condition, the applicant accepts,
rightfully in my view, that it has difficulty satisfying it (see [19] above).
In Mr Wang’s affidavits, the applicant alleges certain reasons for the delay
in tendering the Import Evidence. To summarise, the delay is due to the fact
that the Import Evidence was archived such that the applicant was unable to
retrieve the evidence at the time of the hearing below, and/or that the
Respondent’s Unregistered Logo Mark was not pleaded and the applicant only
knew of what evidence to look for after perusing the Adjudicator’s GD. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Wang’s 1st Affidavit at [5], [33]–[34]: ABOD at pp 65, 76–77; Wang Qiu Bin’s
Reply Affidavit (“Wang’s Reply Affidavit”) at [6]–[12] (exhibited in Quek Yi
Liang, Daniel’s 3rd Affidavit of 26 April 2021): ABOD at pp 463–466.

To my mind, these reasons are untenable. That the Import Evidence would have
been obtainable with reasonable diligence for use, at least by the time of the
hearing before the Adjudicator, is apparent for the following reasons.

42 First, as early as 17 July 2019, 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Wang’s SD at p 14: BOD at p 184.

the applicant asserted use of the Application Mark in Singapore since 2011. Mr
Wang’s statutory declaration of 17 July 2019 (“Mr Wang’s Statutory
Declaration”) at [8] states that “[s]ince sometime around January 2011, the
Applicant has been exporting its products into the Singapore market.” 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Wang’s SD at [8], [16]: BOD at pp 174, 178.

This being its own case, I am unimpressed by the applicant’s failure to adduce
the Import Evidence, which purports to demonstrate use of the Application Mark
in Singapore from 2012 to 2013, in the proceedings below.

43 Second, while the applicant claims that it was unaware of the need to
adduce evidence to resist the opposition in connection with the Respondent’s
Unregistered Marks, a close reading of the pleadings and evidence before the
Adjudicator makes this hard to accept. For one, [2] of the Notice of
Opposition of 6 February 2018 states that the respondent is “the owner of the
registered and common law rights and goodwill in the trade mark ‘CHARLOTTE
PIPE’” without limiting the respondent’s rights to this mark. More to the
point, the evidence referred to and exhibited in Brad Muller’s (“Mr Muller”)
statutory declaration of 22 March 2019 (“Mr Muller’s Statutory Declaration”)
discloses the Respondent’s Unregistered Word Mark and Respondent’s
Unregistered Logo Mark. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Muller’s SD at [4] (Annex 1), [9] (Annex 4), [12] (Annex 6), [13] (Annex 8),
[14] (Annex 9), [15] (Annex 10): BOD at pp 50, 55, 59, 74, 91–106, 133, 135,
139, 144, 152, 159–165.

Mr Muller holds the position of Vice President in the respondent. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Muller’s SD at [1]: BOD at 39.

Subsequently, Todd Diggs’ (“Mr Diggs”) reply statutory declaration of 20 March
2020 (“Mr Diggs’ Reply Statutory Declaration”) at [23] puts it beyond doubt
that the respondent’s trade marks include, but are not limited to, the
Respondent’s Unregistered Word Mark and Respondent’s Unregistered Logo Mark.
49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Todd Diggs’ Statutory Declaration in Reply of 20 March 2020 (“Diggs’ Reply
SD”) at [23]: BOD at p 862.

Mr Diggs is the Director of International Sales in the respondent. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Diggs’ Reply SD at preamble: BOD at p 856.

[23] of Mr Diggs’ Reply Statutory Declaration is a response to [22] of Mr
Wang’s Statutory Declaration in which the respondent’s goodwill in Singapore
is challenged.

44 While the respondent’s pleadings could certainly have been clearer (a point
which I return to at [100] below), taking the pleadings and evidence in
totality, the applicant should have been alive to the respondent’s intention
to rely on the Respondent’s Unregistered Marks to oppose the registration of
the Application Mark. Yet, as the Adjudicator rightly observes, the applicant
“chose not to respond on these marks although they had come out in the
evidence … and neither did the [a]pplicant ask to file a further reply to [Mr
Diggs’ Reply Statutory Declaration]”. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

GD at [16].

The opposition was heard by the Adjudicator on 27 August 2020. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

GD at [23].

As the applicant does not dispute that the Import Evidence was within its
possession at all material times, in my view, this evidence would have been
obtainable with reasonable diligence for use in the opposition below.

45 Third, the applicant was invited by the Adjudicator, at the hearing below,
to explain its position on the Respondent’s Unregistered Marks. However, the
applicant’s counsel declined to respond to these marks as the applicant’s
“fundamental position was that the [respondent] should not be entitled to rely
on them at all as these unregistered marks did not form part of the
[respondent’s] pleaded case.” 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

GD at [15].

Having squandered this opportunity at the hearing below to address the
Respondent’s Unregistered Marks, it appears to me that the applicant is now
attempting to cure the defects in its case through this application.

46 Based on the foregoing, the first Ladd v Marshall condition is not
satisfied.

Important influence

47 The Adjudicator found that the evidence of prior goodwill tendered by the
applicant “suffered from the basic defect that it was not clear that the
Application Mark was being used on the goods that were being exported … into
Singapore.” 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

GD at [63].

The applicant submits that the Import Evidence shows the Application Mark
being used in Singapore, as early as 26 January 2012, on goods supplied by the
applicant to Hyflux.

48 The applicant highlights that the photographs of the goods 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Wang’s 1st Affidavit at pp 48–55, 108–113, 117–126, 141–146, 157–160: ABOD at
pp 111–118, 171–176, 180–189, 204–209, 220–223.

it exported from China to Singapore in 2012 and a pipe with the Application
Mark affixed on it installed in the Hyflux Desalination Plant (“the Pipe
Photograph”) are of particular significance. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

MS at p 3.

The photographs of goods exported to Singapore depict cartons of products
which are, inter alia, labelled with composite marks of which the Application
Mark is a part (“the Composite Mark”). However, the other documents forming
part of the Import Evidence, eg, purchase orders, bills of ladings and
container load plans, do not refer to the Application Mark or otherwise show
that the applicant’s goods were sold by reference to the Application Mark.

49 Whether this Ladd v Marshall condition is fulfilled depends on the weight I
can ascribe to the photographs. This, in turn, is linked to the credibility of
the photographs which falls to be assessed under the third Ladd v Marshall
condition. If the third Ladd v Marshall condition is satisfied, I accept that
so will the second. The converse is also true. Because if the photographs in
the Import Evidence indeed credibly show that the applicant made sales in
Singapore by reference to the Application Mark in 2012 and/or 2013, the
respondent must then prove that it had goodwill in Singapore before this.
Whether it can do so is an open question – the Adjudicator did not make a
finding as to whether the respondent had goodwill prior to 2013. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

GD at [70].

I therefore focus on analysing the third Ladd v Marshall condition.

Credibility

50 The respondent submits that the Import Evidence lacks credibility for
several reasons. For one, it is being adduced late. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

RS at [69], [72].

In particular regard to the photographs of cartons of the applicant’s goods
with accompanying metadata allegedly evidencing sales in 2012, the applicant
could have adduced these at first instance. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

RS at [72].

Moreover, the Import Evidence is uncorroborated. For instance, the applicant
could have put in an affidavit by a representative from Hyflux or the
applicant’s import-export agent to buttress the Import Evidence. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

RS at [71].

The respondent also raises the possibility of the photographs’ metadata being
“easily amended and changed” and alleges that some of the photographs appear
to be “edited”. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Todd Diggs’ 1st Affidavit of 29 March 2021 (“Diggs’ 1st Affidavit”) at
[23]–[24]: ABOD at p 545.

The applicant argues that these allegations are baseless and that no expert
evidence has been adduced in support of them. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

AS at [29].

It also submitted, for the first time in its further submissions, that
Hyflux’s email of 29 February 2012 to Mr Wang (“the 29 February Hyflux Email”)
63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Wang’s 1st Affidavit at pp 48–55: ABOD at pp 111–118.

pertaining to the alleged January 2012 sales and the remaining photographs
forming part of the Import Evidence, should be presumed to have been produced
accurately by virtue of s 116A(1) of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed)
(“the EA”). 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

AFS at [15].

This provision states that:

Unless evidence sufficient to raise doubt about the presumption is adduced,
where a device or process is one that, or is of a kind that, if properly used,
ordinarily produces or accurately communicates an electronic record, the court
shall presume that in producing or communicating that electronic record on the
occasion in question, the device or process produced or accurately
communicated the electronic record.

[emphasis added]

51 To recapitulate, the third Ladd v Marshall condition requires that the
evidence be apparently credible, though it need not be incontrovertible (Ladd
v Marshall at 1491).

52 For the photographs, their metadata and the 29 February Hyflux Email, it
appears that a prima facie presumption that the relevant device accurately
communicated the electronic record arises under s 116A of the EA. I use the
term “prima facie” as the respondent would like to cross-examine Mr Wang to
test the authenticity of the applicant’s further evidence in order to rebut
the  
s 116A(1) EA presumption. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

RFS at [17], [20].

53 However, balancing the prima facie presumption in s 116A of the EA against
the following reservations I have about the credibility of the Import
Evidence, I do not think the third Ladd v Marshall condition is satisfied. As
I have accepted at [49] above, this also means that the second Ladd v Marshall
condition is not made out.

54 First, the Import Evidence was adduced late. As no credible explanation for
this delay has been advanced, the reliability of the Import Evidence as a
whole is tainted (see [41]–[46] above).

55 Second, with regards the alleged sales to Hyflux in January 2012, I have
doubts as to the credibility of the photographs allegedly showing that these
sales were made by reference to the Application Mark. Two photographs are of
particular concern. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Wang’s 1st Affidavit at pp 54–55: BOD at pp 117–118.

These two photographs are attached to emails from Hyflux to the applicant in
February and/or March 2012 (including the 29 February Hyflux Email) in which
Hyflux complains of a shortfall of certain items it ordered and asks for this
shortfall to be delivered by the applicant. One of these items is HA-
KR600E-009-1. Hyflux said it only received 60 of the 100 pieces it ordered and
sought delivery of the remaining 40 pieces. The photographs depict labels
bearing the Composite Mark pasted on cartons which were allegedly exported by
the applicant to Hyflux in this defective shipment. In addition to the
Composite Mark, the photograph of the label on p 54 of Mr Wang’s First
Affidavit shows the following details:

(a) “Name: Moulded Adapter”;

(b) “Size: 1+1/2"*1/4"”;

(c) “Material: PVC”; and

(d) “Pieces: 90PCS”.

56 The applicant submits that these details correspond to the details of the
product, designated HA-KR600E-009-1, stated in the 29 February Hyflux Email.
67

##### Foot Note 67

×

MS at p 5.

I am unable to agree. In fact, a close comparison of the two reveals a
mismatch between the details on the carton label and in the 29 February Hyflux
Email. Specifically, the name and size of HA-KR600E-009-1 in the email do not
correspond to the relevant details on the carton label. The name and size of
HA-KR600E-009-1 stated in the 29 February Hyflux Email are, respectively:

(a) “PVC AIR SCOUR ADAPTOR ASSY” (“the PVC Air Scour Adapter”); and

(b) “1+1/2" x 1+1/2" x 1/4"”.

57 Apart from this mismatch, other questions arise from the face of the 29
February Hyflux Email:

(a) I am at a loss as to what purpose is served by attaching the photograph at
p 54 of Mr Wang’s First Affidavit to the 29 February Hyflux Email. In the
email, Hyflux was alleging a shortfall of 40 out of the 100 pieces of the PVC
Air Scour Adapter it ordered from the applicant. The carton label in the
photograph states that the carton contained 90 pieces of “Moulded Adapter[s]”.
This photograph does not make good the allegation that 100 pieces were ordered
or that there was a shortfall of 40 pieces. It also does not otherwise entitle
Hyflux to a further delivery of 40 pieces of the PVC Air Scour Adapter; and

(b) The 29 February Hyflux Email does not at all explain the relevance of the
photograph at p 55 of Mr Wang’s First Affidavit to the contents of the email.
An inspection of p 55 of Mr Wang’s First Affidavit is equally unhelpful. Half
of the carton label depicting the Composite Mark is torn off. The photograph
is also too unfocused to make out the details printed on that carton label.

58 Putting these uncertainties surrounding pp 48–49, 54–55 of Mr Wang’s First
Affidavit together with the fact that they were not adduced at first instance
(see [54] above), the credibility of this portion of the Import Evidence is
far from clear.

59 Third, I have doubts as to whether the photographs of the alleged sales to
Hyflux from February to July 2012 were truly taken at the time of and in
respect of these alleged sales. These photographs, exhibited in Mr Wang’s
First Affidavit, are allegedly taken in Shanghai and are of cartons which the
applicant claims it shipped to Hyflux. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Wang’s 1st Affidavit at [21], [23], pp 108–113, 117–126: ABOD at pp 71,
171–176, 180–189.

These cartons have the Composite Mark printed on them. Mr Wang says that he
took these photographs himself – at first on Hyflux’s instructions so as to
“show that the purchased goods had indeed been loaded into the shipping
containers for export to Singapore”, but eventually just for “good measure”.
69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Wang’s Reply Affidavit at [22]: ABOD at pp 470–471.

Certain photographs capture these cartons, loaded inside a container, along
with the container number or part thereof on the interior of the container
(“the Container Number Photographs”). 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Wang’s 1st Affidavit at pp 110, 115, 119, 125, 128–129: ABOD at pp 173, 178,
182, 188, 191–192

60 My first concern is that Mr Wang’s stated reasons for taking these
photographs are suspect. Although he claims to have taken these photographs
initially on Hyflux’s instructions, no documentary evidence (eg, an email from
Hyflux) is exhibited to prove that such instructions were issued by Hyflux. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

MS at p 11.

There is also not a shred of evidence indicating that these photographs were
sent by the applicant to Hyflux. Mr Wang’s suggestion that he subsequently
took these photographs for “good measure” also gives me pause. International
trade is not conducted on the basis of photographs of cartons which contain
the goods being sold. Rather, it is the underlying documentation (eg, bills of
lading, certificates of origin, certificates of quality, commercial invoices)
which allows parties to transact and obtain financing. I have difficulty
appreciating why Hyflux would have requested these photographs from the
respondent or how the photographs facilitated the alleged sales to Hyflux in
any way.

61 In addition, I do not think that the metadata of the photographs restores
their credibility. Mr Wang says that the metadata confirms the date on which
they were taken. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Wang’s 1st Affidavit at [21], [23], [27]: ABOD at pp 71–72, 74.

In his affidavit, Mr Diggs states that the date and time at which an image is
taken, as recorded in its metadata, can be easily amended. He exhibits four
screenshots illustrating how this can be done in respect of a photograph shot
on an iPhone. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Diggs’ 1st Affidavit at [23], pp 1300–1301: ABOD at pp 545, 1837–1838.

The applicant challenges this portion of Mr Diggs’ evidence by highlighting
that he is not an expert witness. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

AFS at [15(h)].

However, I am not prepared to discount Mr Diggs’ evidence entirely, especially
because the photographs adduced by the applicant below were not accompanied by
any metadata. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Wang’s SD at pp 42–126, 647–651: BOD at pp 212–296, 817–821.

Although the extent of the overlap between the photographs in the Import
Evidence and those adduced below (if any) is unclear, as the photographs below
are also of a nature which invite questions as to their provenance, my
difficulty with the applicant’s delay in putting in any form of metadata
remains valid. The delay and Mr Diggs’ evidence are reasons enough to view the
metadata with circumspection.

62 I also have specific concerns with the photographs from each tranche of
alleged sales from February to July 2012.

63 In respect of the applicant’s alleged sales to Hyflux in February 2012 (ie,
the batch of cartons loaded on a vessel bound for Singapore on 24 February
2012), 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Wang’s 1st Affidavit at p 116: ABOD at p 179.

the relevant Container Number Photograph captures four digits of the container
number on the interior wall of the container. These four digits correspond to
the last four digits of the container number in the relevant container load
plan. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Wang’s 1st Affidavit at p 110, 115: ABOD at pp 173, 178.

However, the first seven letters and digits of the alphanumeric container
number cannot be ascertained from the Container Number Photograph. The
container load plan, on which the full container number is found, is also
adduced in evidence for the first time in SUM 1081. For these reasons, and
those stated at [54], [60]–[61], the photographs exhibited in connection with
the alleged sales in February 2012 are inconclusive as to whether these
alleged sales were made by reference to the Application Mark.

64 For the batch of goods claimed to have been exported to Singapore in March
2012, the Container Number Photographs capture nearly the whole of the
container number corresponding to the relevant container load plan. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Wang’s 1st Affidavit at pp 119, 125, 128–129: ABOD at pp 182, 188, 191–192.

However, unlike for the former batch of goods shipped on 24 February 2012,
there is no corresponding bill of lading to evidence the shipment of this
latter batch of goods to Singapore. In my judgment, this missing link renders
it unsafe to rely on these photographs to determine whether the alleged sales
in March 2012 were made by reference to the Application Mark.

65 In respect of the applicant’s alleged sales to Hyflux in June and July
2012, the relevant photographs are defective in a material respect. They do
not capture the loaded cartons and the container number in a single shot. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

Wang’s 1st Affidavit at pp 141–146: ABOD at pp 204–209.

I am unable to ascertain whether the photograph of the exterior of the
container, on which the container number is printed, depicts the same
container as the photographs showing the applicant’s cartons in the interior
of a container.

66 Finally, the credibility of the Pipe Photograph is weak. Mr Wang exhibits
photographs of his visit to the Hyflux Desalination Plant, one of which is the
Pipe Photograph. He claims that the Pipe Photograph evidences sales to Hyflux
prior to August 2013. I am unable to agree. Even if the photograph’s metadata
is accurate, there is nothing to prove that the photograph was taken in the
Hyflux Desolation Plant or in Singapore.

67 For these reasons, notwithstanding a prima facie presumption in s 116A of
the EA, there remain weaknesses in material portions of the Import Evidence
(ie, the photographs and the 29 February Hyflux Email) which I am unable to
ignore. I further mention the significance of these weaknesses at [98] below.

Summary

68 To summarise, none of the Ladd v Marshall conditions is fulfilled for all
portions of the Import Evidence.

Hunt-Wesson factors

69 As prescribed in the Martek approach, while the Ladd v Marshall test is not
satisfied, the court should go on to consider all the circumstances of the
case, including the factors identified in Hunt-Wesson. I will only address the
Hunt-Wesson factors which do not overlap with the Ladd v Marshall conditions
examined above and require consideration given the circumstances of this case.

Prejudice

70 The respondent submits that it will be prejudiced in several ways if the
further evidence is admitted. I highlight the salient points raised by the
respondent in this regard:

(a) The respondent’s commercial plans – to ensure that its “CHARLOTTE” related
marks are used in relation to its goods as it expands into the region and into
other products offerings – will be derailed. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

RS at [101]–[102]; Diggs’ 1st Affidavit at [59]–[62]: ABOD at pp 557–559.

(b) Pending this appeal, the respondent is prevented from registering the
Respondent’s Unregistered Logo Mark in Classes 17, 19 and 20. Such an
application will likely face objection by the Registry of Trade Marks (“the
Registry”) by reference to the Application Mark, unless this appeal is
concluded and dismissed. This impedes the respondent from enforcing its rights
against third parties from unauthorised use of this unregistered mark in
Singapore. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

RS at [103]; Diggs’ 1st Affidavit at [61]: ABOD at p 558.

(c) There will be delay and potential costs that the respondent would have to
incur which would not have been incurred if the Import Evidence had been filed
prior to the appeal. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

RS at [104].

(d) The respondent will have to investigate and cross-examine the deponent in
conducting the litigation. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

RS at [104]; Diggs’ 1st Affidavit at [65]: ABOD at p 560.

(e) The respondent was led to believe that the existing evidence was all the
evidence that the applicant wanted to rely on in the opposition. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

RS at [104].

71 First, I accept that the respondent will suffer prejudice which cannot be
compensated by costs, but not for the reason it advanced. If SUM 1081 is
allowed, the final resolution of this matter will possibly be delayed for
reasons explained at [73]–[83] below. In the meantime, the applicant will be
able to sell and advertise its goods in the market by reference to the
Application Mark. As a result, there will be two marks, with “CHARLOTTE” as
their dominant components (ie, the Application Mark and Respondent’s
Registered Mark”), belonging to two different parties being used in the
marketplace. If the opposition founded on s 8(7)(a) TMA is subsequently upheld
in TA 2/2021, the likelihood of confusion would have been prolonged.

72 I say that the final resolution of this matter will possibly be delayed as
I agree with the parties that the General Division of the High Court (“the
General Division”) has the power to remit the matter to the Adjudicator. I
also see the force behind the respondent’s argument that I should do so if the
respondent would like to test the authenticity of the Import Evidence under
cross-examination.

73 This leads me to my second point – if the case is remitted to the
Adjudicator, this will exacerbate the prejudice to the respondent.

74 I begin by identifying the basis of the General Division’s power to remit
cases to the TM Registrar. Although both parties recognise the existence of
this power, they differ on its proper basis. The applicant submits that the
court derives this power of remission in trade mark proceedings from O 55 r
6(5) of the ROC, or the court’s inherent power. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

AFS at [6], [10].

The respondent submits that O 87 r 4(2) of the ROC is the source of the
court’s power of remission. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

RFS at [6].

75 O 55 r 6(5) of the ROC states that the General Division “… may remit the
matter with the opinion of the Court for rehearing and determination by [any
court, tribunal or person].” The question is whether O 55 r 6(5) applies to
appeals from the TM Registrar. On one hand, it is O 87 r 4 of the ROC which
formulates the procedural steps to file an appeal against a decision of the TM
Registrar (eg, deadline for filing notice of appeal, bundle of documents).

76 However, I do not think that O 87 r 4 ROC precludes the application of O 55
r 6 so long as the latter is not inconsistent with the former. This is because
O 55 is a general provision applying to “every appeal which under any written
law lies to the General Division from any court, tribunal or person” (O 55 r
1(1) ROC). Section 75(2)(a) of the TMA makes clear that a decision of the TM
Registrar as to the registrability of a trade mark is subject to appeal to the
General Division. As the TM Registrar certainly falls within the ambit of “any
court, tribunal or person”, O 55 applies to appeals of decisions listed in s
75(2) TMA. Pertinently, since O 87 r 4 is silent on the General Division’s
power to remit matters to the TM Registrar, it is O 55 r 6(5) which grants the
General Division the power to remit matters to the TM Registrar for a
“rehearing and determination”. This being the case, I see no reason to imply
into O 87 r 4(2) the court’s power of remission.

77 Even if I am wrong about O 55 r 6(5), I find that the General Division has
the inherent power to remit matters to the TM Registrar. Order 92 r 4 of the
ROC provides that:

For the avoidance of doubt it is hereby declared that nothing in these Rules
shall be deemed to limit or affect the inherent powers of the Court to make
any order as may be necessary to prevent injustice or to prevent an abuse of
the process of the Court.

78 The following foreign authorities support the proposition that a superior
court exercising appellate jurisdiction has the inherent power to remit a
matter to a lower tribunal.

79 In Norris v Government of the United States of America [2008] 1 AC 920
(“Norris”), the appellant appealed the Queen’s Bench Divisional Court’s
affirmation of the district judge’s decision to send the appellant’s case to
the Home Secretary for his decision on whether the appellant should be
extradited to the US (at [2]). The House of Lords exercised its inherent power
to remit the determination of an issue to a district judge (at [110]) –
namely, whether extradition would breach the appellant’s human rights. The
resolution of this issue “might well [have] call[ed] for the evidence of
witnesses, which the House [of Lords was] unaccustomed to receive”.

80 In In re F (R) (an infant) [1970] 1 QB 385 (“Re F”), the English court
exercised its inherent power to remit an adoption matter to the county court
for further consideration (at 391). In this case, adoptive parents, who wished
to adopt an infant, obtained the natural father’s consent and an order for
adoption from the county court. The county court judge dispensed with the need
to obtain the natural mother’s consent. The natural mother subsequently
applied for an extension of time to appeal and to have the adoption order set
aside. The issue for further consideration by the county court was whether
there were any valid grounds for dispensing with the consent of the natural
mother (at 390). Both Salmon and Karminski LJJ intimated that the issue should
not be decided without the benefit of oral evidence (at 390, 392). While there
was nothing in the relevant adoption legislation vesting the court with the
power to remit the case, the court proceeded to do so under its inherent
jurisdiction as the justice of the case demanded it (at 389, 391–392).

81 The following cases involve trade mark proceedings which were remitted for
further consideration by a lower tribunal: Dreamersclub Ltd’s Trade Mark
Application [2019] RPC 16 at [19], Indtex Trading Limited v The Otago Rugby
Football Union HC Auckland AP23-SW 01, 10 October 2001 at [22], [32] and
Formula One Licensing BV v Idea Marketing SA [2015] 5 SLR 1349 at [7]. While
these cases do not identify the basis on which the court remitted the matter
to the lower tribunal, they reinforce the point made in Norris and Re F – that
the court has the inherent power to remit a matter for rehearing and
determination by a lower tribunal or court. However, in each instance, the
court must exercise its inherent power judiciously – an essential touchstone
is that of “need” (Wee Soon Kim Anthony v Law Society of Singapore [2001] 2
SLR(R) 821 at [27]).

82 In the case before me, the respondent submits that the matter should be
remitted to the TM Registrar if the application is allowed. This is because
the respondent “would likely be requesting for the cross examination” of Mr
Wang due to concerns as to the credibility of the further evidence in Mr
Wang’s First Affidavit. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

RFS at [17], [20].

I agree. If I allow the admission of the further evidence at this late
juncture, as stated at [52] above, it is only fair to permit the respondent to
test the credibility and relevance of said evidence through cross-examination.
The better forum for evidence-taking is the TM Registrar, rather than the
General Division sitting in its appellate capacity, so as to conserve the
judicial resources of the latter. Accordingly, it would have been necessary,
in the justice of this case, to remit the matter to the TM Registrar under O
55 r 6(5) ROC or the court’s inherent power.

83 Remitting the matter will further delay its resolution and aggravate the
prejudice inflicted on the respondent in the sense described at [71] above.
Even if the matter is not remitted (ie, the cross-examination is heard by the
General Division), there will still be delay incurred to prepare for cross-
examination.

84 Allowing the application has the additional downside of significantly
undermining the finality of litigation, including by subverting the
respondent’s expectation that the existing evidence was all that the applicant
wanted to rely on to contest its opposition (see [70(e)] above). I consider
this to be another form of prejudice which cannot be compensated by costs. I
am guided by Carr J’s observation in Consolidated Developments Ltd and another
v Cooper; Cooper v Consolidated Developments Ltd [2018] EWHC 1727 (Ch) (“CDL”)
at [33(vii)] that:

[W]here the admission of fresh evidence on appeal would require that the case
be remitted for a rehearing at first instance, the interests of the parties
and of the public in fostering finality in litigation are particularly
significant and may tip the balance against the admission of such evidence.

[emphasis added]

85 For completeness, I do not think the point that the respondent is prevented
from registering the Respondent’s Unregistered Logo Mark adds to its case on
prejudice. It is the respondent’s own evidence that it has used its marks,
including the Respondent’s Unregistered Logo Mark, in Singapore since 2003. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

Diggs’ Reply SD at [22]–[24], pp 42–152: BOD at pp 861–862, 897–1007.

The respondent had over a decade to register the Respondent’s Unregistered
Marks in Singapore before the applicant applied to register the Application
Mark in 2015, but chose not to do so. Its inability to register the
Respondent’s Unregistered Marks now is not entirely of the applicant’s doing.
As for the additional expenses incurred to investigate and cross-examine Mr
Wang (see [70(c)], [70(d)] above), these can be compensated by way of costs.
However, in light of the other reasons canvassed above, I am persuaded that
the respondent will be prejudiced in ways which cannot be compensated by
costs.

Multiplicity of proceedings

86 Both parties argue that the spectre of multiple proceedings advances their
case. The applicant argues that if its application is refused, it will have to
subsequently oppose the registration of the Respondent’s Unregistered Logo
Mark based on the very further evidence sought to be adduced. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

AS at [38].

Time and costs will be saved if the further evidence is admitted in this
appeal. On the other hand, the respondent argues that multiplicity arises if
the case is remitted to the TM Registrar and reheard for a second time. The
respondent will need to fight the opposition again when it has already won
before the Registry. Multiple hearings of this same opposition will also
divert the Registry’s resources away from hearing other cases. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

RS at [107].

87 I am not persuaded by the applicant’s submission. It brings this
application now, in part, due to its conscious decision not to respond to the
Respondent’s Unregistered Marks despite being invited to do so by the
Adjudicator at the oral hearing below. The applicant was also represented by
counsel in the proceedings before the TM Registrar. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

See GD cover page.

Given the circumstances of this case, in my view, the better position is to
leave the applicant free to file the Import Evidence in opposition to any
future application of the Respondent’s Unregistered Marks. The significance of
the Import Evidence (if any) can be examined then.

88 Further, the desirability of preventing the respondent from needing to
fight, for a second time, the opposition which it has already won before the
Adjudicator is an important factor which undermines this application. The
reasoning in CDL is instructive in this regard. In that case, the application
to adduce further evidence on appeal, brought by the party seeking to resist
an application to revoke four of his trade marks, was refused (at [55]). Among
other factors, Carr J examined the factor of “multiplicity” in the following
manner (at [54]):

The desirability of avoiding multiplicity of proceedings

In my judgment, this is a very important factor in the present case. If the
additional evidence were admitted into the proceedings, the case which the
Hearing Officer has already decided would have to be heard for a second time.
There has to be finality in litigation. CDL should not be required to fight,
for a second time, a battle which it has already won in the IPO. Furthermore,
other litigants wish for their cases to be heard. If the IPO is required to
decide cases for a second time, on the basis of evidence which could and
should have been adduced on the first occasion, other hearings will be
delayed.

[emphasis in original in bold; emphasis added in italics]

89 It is amply clear from the foregoing excerpt that the policy objectives of
finality in litigation and the expeditious resolution of other cases pending
before the TM Registrar will be thwarted if the further evidence is admitted
and the case remitted to the TM Registrar. In furtherance of these policy
objectives, I share the view expressed by Carr J in CDL at [33(v)] that the
admission of further evidence should be the exception, rather than the norm.
To find otherwise will encourage parties to run their cases in a piecemeal
manner (as the applicant is attempting to do so now), thereby unfairly
prejudicing the opposing party and placing pressure on the judicial resources
of the Registry and courts. Multiplicity of proceedings, in the sense
described by the respondent and Carr J in CDL, is another factor dissuading me
from allowing the application.

90 In addition, an application to adduce further evidence on appeal
necessarily erodes the important policy objective that opposition proceedings
should, as far as possible, remain low cost proceedings.

91 Finally, it bears highlighting that the Court of Appeal in Martek
distinguished the treatment of: (a) parties opposing the registration or
validity of a trade mark or patent; and (b) parties seeking registration of a
trade mark or patent. For the latter group, less leeway may be granted to
adduce further evidence after failing to obtain registration at first
instance. This is because the party asserting a proprietary right in a patent
or trade mark has the responsibility to put forth its entire case, including
all relevant material in support thereof. The reasoning of the Court of Appeal
is useful to reproduce in full (Martek at [37]):

Vis-à-vis [the desirability of avoiding multiplicity of proceedings], what is
special about trade mark proceedings and patent proceedings (as opposed to a
normal civil litigation) is that even after an opposing party fails in its
challenge to the registration or the validity of a trade mark or patent, there
is nothing to prevent another party from later opposing the same trade mark or
patent. Therefore, to avoid multiplicity of proceedings, the court may be more
inclined to allow the first-mentioned opposing party to adduce the best
evidence available and indulge that party’s request for leave to adduce
further evidence even if the request is made at a late stage of the
proceedings. However, this factor may not necessarily apply the other way
round, viz, the court may not be similarly inclined to grant indulgence to a
party who fails to obtain registration of a patent or trade mark, but who
later seeks to adduce further evidence to bolster its alleged proprietary
entitlement to register the patent or trade mark in question. This difference
in treatment between the two scenarios is, arguably, not without
justification. The first of the Ladd v Marshall conditions is meant to
discourage a party from putting forth its case in a piecemeal manner and to,
in turn, punish the party wishing to adduce further evidence for its failure
to adduce that evidence at the proper time. The party asserting a proprietary
right in a patent or trade mark has the responsibility to put forth its entire
case, including all relevant material in support thereof. If it fails to do
so, it has only itself to blame. On the other hand, a party which opposes the
registration of a patent or trade mark is, to a certain extent, doing a public
service in terms of preventing unworthy inventions and products from
monopolising the market. If an unworthy invention or product is permitted to
remain on the patents register or the trade marks register, another interested
party can subsequently challenge that same invention or product, thus
engendering further litigation.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

92 In Martek, the appellant applying to adduce further evidence on appeal was
the owner of a patent which was revoked by the Patents Registrar. The refusal
of its application was upheld by the Court of Appeal (at [42]) for several
reasons, one of which is outlined in the preceding paragraph. In the present
case, the applicant failed to obtain registration of the trade mark before the
TM Registrar, in part, due to its own strategic error. It only has itself to
blame. I am not inclined to indulge the applicant who, to my mind, is using
this application to belatedly plug the gaps in its case.

Public interest

93 The respondent submits that: (a) admitting the further evidence and
prolonging proceedings will lead to continued actual confusion in the market;
(b) there is public interest in preventing an invalid mark that is
deliberately copied from entering the register; and (c) there is an overriding
public interest to discourage a party, like the applicant, from advancing its
case in a piecemeal manner. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

RS at [111], [115], [117].

94 First, I am not prepared, for this application, to accept the respondent’s
allegation of actual confusion. Of the two instances of actual confusion cited
in Long Fong Lian’s first affidavit of 29 March 2021 (the Managing Director of
Agru Tech) (“Long’s First Affidavit”), the first one involving Mr Francis Lim
(“Mr Lim”) of UES Holdings Pte Ltd is challenged by Mr Lim himself on
affidavit. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

Long Fong Lian’s 1st Affidavit of 29 March 2021 (“Long’s 1st Affidavit”) at
[19]–[21]: ABOD at pp 378–379; Lim Chin Seng’s 1st Affidavit of 14 April 2021
at [7]: ABOD at p 451.

The second instance of actual confusion is evidenced by a WhatsApp
conversation between Mr Alan Ang, the Sales & Technical Manager of Agru Tech
and a representative of Aliaxis Singapore Pte Ltd exhibited in Long’s First
Affidavit. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

Long’s 1st Affidavit at [22], pp 77–78: ABOD at pp 379, 446–447.

However, as this WhatsApp conversation is hearsay evidence, I am not minded to
place reliance on it.

95 Second, the respondent’s submission regarding the Adjudicator’s finding
that the applicant deliberately copied parts of the Respondent’s Unregistered
Logo Mark, 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

GD at [77], [79].

troubled me at the hearing of this application. In its evidence, the
respondent states that it was founded in 1901 and that its company name and
related trade marks comprising “CHARLOTTE” are derived from the name of the
city, Charlotte, in North Carolina of the US, where it was first set up and
remains headquartered (see [5] above). The respondent also claims to have used
the Respondent’s Registered Mark “throughout the world” since the 1960s. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

Muller’s SD at [9]: BOD at p 41.

On the other hand, the applicant, a Chinese company, was only established in
2001. No one should be allowed to trade under false colours. Intellectual
property protection is about honesty in the market place. I felt that it could
have been good for the applicant to explain how it came to choose the
Application Mark. At the hearing before me the applicant dismissed the
relevance of the Adjudicator’s finding of deliberate copying. It submitted
that, if the Import Evidence establishes that it had goodwill earlier than the
respondents’, such copying (if any), becomes irrelevant. Upon reflection, I
reluctantly agree with the applicant’s submission. I therefore do not take
into account the Adjudicator’s finding of deliberate copying.

96 Finally, for the reasons stated at [88]–[89] above, I agree with the
respondent that the public interest in deterring parties from presenting a
partial or incomplete case at first instance undermines the application.

Conclusion on the Import Evidence

97 As the Court of Appeal held in Anan Group (at [59]), in assessing the
proportionality of an application:

… [T]he court is in every instance conducting a balancing exercise between the
interests of finality of proceedings and the entitlement of a successful
respondent to rely on a judgment in his favour on the one hand, and the right
of the applicant to put forth relevant and credible evidence to persuade the
appellate court that the justice of the case lies with him. …

98 On balance, I take the view that the applicant is attempting to take a
second bite of the cherry by re-litigating the matter in light of the Import
Evidence. The prima facie presumption in s 116A of the EA (which affects the
second and third Ladd v Marshall conditions as explained at [49]) and the
possibility of multiplicity as described by the applicant (see [86] above)
must be weighed against the following countervailing factors:

(a) the applicant squandered multiple opportunities to adduce the Import
Evidence before the TM Registrar (see [42]–[45] above);

(b) allowing the application will cause prejudice which cannot be compensated
by costs (see [71], [84] above); and

(c) the credibility of material portions of the Import Evidence is
questionable, ultimately preventing me from finding that the third and second
Ladd v Marshall conditions are unsatisfied (see [67] above).

99 These countervailing factors show that the justice of the case does not
call for the admission of the Import Evidence. The Court of Appeal in Anan at
[45] made clear that “a disappointed party will not be allowed to retrieve
lost ground by relying on evidence he should have put before the court below,
especially when he has expressly elected to withhold that evidence”. Having
made the strategic decision not to accept the Adjudicator’s offer to respond
to the Respondent’s Unregistered Marks at the hearing below, the applicant now
has to live by its choice.

100 Needless to say, the applicant’s conduct of this case leaves much to be
desired. However, given the procedural context of this case (see [11], [44]
above), I emphasise the need for greater discipline in drafting a Notice of
Opposition and Counter-statement. I distil the following principles from DEMON
ALE Trade Mark [2000] RPC 345 at 357–358 (“DEMON ALE”):

(a) For the purpose of registration proceedings before the TM Registrar, a
Notice of Opposition and Counter-statement are in effect pleadings (CLUB
EUROPE Trade Mark [2000] RPC 329 at 336):

It is the function of pleadings to define the issues between the parties.
Notices of opposition and counterstatements play the part of pleadings in
contested trademark registration applications. To some extent supporting
statutory declarations may be regarded as complementing that pleading
function.

(b) Each party’s pleadings must be full in the sense that they outline each of
the grounds relied upon and state the case relied upon in support of those
grounds (DEMON ALE at 357):

Considerations of justice, fairness, efficiency and economy combine to make it
necessary for the pleadings of the parties in Registry proceedings to provide
a focused statement of the grounds upon which they intend to maintain that the
tribunal should or should not do what it has been asked to do. The statement
should not be prolix. It should, however, be full in the sense indicated by Mr
Simon Thorley Q.C. in COFFEEMIX Trade Mark [1998] R.P.C 717 at 722:

“It must be full in the sense that it must outline each of the grounds …
relied upon and state the case relied upon in support of those grounds. It
should be as succinct as possible, but it must be complete”.

(c) The pleadings should identify the issues to which the evidence will be
directed, so that no party is taken by surprise (Julian Higgins’ Trade Mark
Application [2000] RPC 321 at 326):

If the pleadings do not identify the right issues, the issues the parties
propose to argue about, then it cannot be expected that with any consistency
the right evidence will be adduced at the hearing. The pleadings are supposed
to identify the issues to which evidence will be directed. If the pleadings do
not properly identify the issues someone, sooner or later, is going to be
taken by surprise.

(d) The TM Registrar has the power to direct parties to supplement incomplete
pleadings under r 81B of the TMR. This rule provides that at any stage of the
proceedings, the TM Registrar may direct any party to produce or file any
document, information or evidence which the TM Registrar may reasonably
require. Geoffrey Hobbs QC’s observations on a similar rule in UK are
instructive (DEMON ALE at 357):

If a party fails to provide sufficient information in his pleadings as to the
nature or extent of the grounds upon which he relies, the registrar “may
direct that such ….. information as he may reasonably require should be filed
within such period as he may specify” under rule 51 of the Trade Marks Rules
1994. … A direction may be given under rule 51 by the registrar ... of his own
motion or upon the application of a party to the proceedings before him.

[emphasis in original in italics]

Whether the SCH 80 Evidence should be admitted on appeal under O 87 r 4(2) of
the ROC?

Ladd v Marshall conditions

101 I accept that the first Ladd v Marshall condition is satisfied. Given the
nature of its case in proceedings below, the applicant was not required to
show that the SCH 80 Terms in the Agru Tech-Singapore Consumers Invoices did
not refer to the respondent’s goods. As a general submission before the
Adjudicator, the applicant argued that all the invoices in Annex 6 of Mr
Muller’s Statutory Declaration (including the Agru Tech-Singapore Consumers
Invoices) were “irrelevant and must be disregarded since they post-date” the
date on which the applicant first used the Application Mark in Singapore (ie,
when the alleged act of passing off started). 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

Applicant’s written submissions at [109]: BOD at p 1101.

This is a temporal objection. In what seems to be an additional challenge on
top of its temporal objection, Mr Wang alleged in his statutory declaration
that “the [respondent’s] evidence vis-à-vis its alleged sales in Singapore are
all self-serving documents that the [respondent] has prepared at its end”. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

Wang’s SD at [21(b)]: BOD at p 181; Counter-statement of 6 August 2018 at
[13]: BOD at p 31.

102 The need to adduce the SCH 80 Evidence only arose due to [68] of the GD
(see [16] above). On the applicant’s interpretation, the Adjudicator erred in
finding that the SCH 80 Terms found in the Agru Tech-Singapore Consumers
Invoices were distinctive of the respondent’s goods. Correspondingly, the
finding that Agru Tech was distributing the respondent’s goods in Singapore is
baseless. As the issue of whether the SCH 80 Terms are distinctive of the
respondent’s goods only arose on appeal, I find that it was “reasonably not
apprehended” that the SCH 80 Evidence would or could have a bearing on the
case at hand (Public Prosecutor v Mohd Ariffan bin Mohd Hassan [2018] 1 SLR
544 at [68], affirmed in Anan Group at [43]). I deem the requirement of non-
availability to be satisfied.

103 However, I am not convinced that the second Ladd v Marshall condition is
fulfilled. I accept the respondent’s submission that there is another common
identifier of the goods being sold in the Respondent-Agru Tech Invoices and
Agru Tech-Singapore Consumers Invoices. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

RS at [64]; MS at p 8.

This common identifier supports the inference that the goods sold by the
respondent to Agru Tech were being distributed by the latter to consumers in
Singapore. Put another way, even assuming that the Adjudicator erred in
finding that the SCH 80 Terms are distinctive of the respondent’s goods, and
relied on such distinctiveness to conclude that Agru Tech was distributing the
respondent’s goods in Singapore (“the Singapore Distribution Conclusion”), the
Agru Tech-Singapore Consumers Invoices may continue to support the Singapore
Distribution Conclusion.

104 This common identifier is the serial number (eg, #835-005) tagged to each
good sold by the respondent. The serial numbers are used in both the
Respondent-Agru Tech Invoices and Agru Tech-Singapore Consumers Invoices. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

RS at [64].

For instance, I set out several serial numbers and the corresponding good
named in a Respondent-Agru Tech Invoice dated 17 December 2013:

Serial Number| Respondent’s good  
---|---  
#835-005 | PVC 08101 1/2 SCH 80 Female Adapter SXFPT 101

##### Foot Note 101

× Diggs’ 1st Affidavit at p 118: ABOD at p 655.  
#835-007| PVC 08101 3/4 SCH 80 Female Adapter SXFPT 102

##### Foot Note 102

× Diggs’ 1st Affidavit at p 118: ABOD at p 655.  
#835-010| PVC 08101 1 SCH 80 Female Adapter S X FPT 103

##### Foot Note 103

× Diggs’ 1st Affidavit at p 119: ABOD at p 656.  
  
105 In Agru Tech-Singapore Consumers Invoices issued in 2014 and 2015 to
various entities in Singapore, identical serial numbers are used in relation
to goods with highly similar descriptions:

Serial Number| Description of good sold by Agru Tech  
---|---  
#835-005 | PVC SCH 80 Female Adapter, ½" (SOC x FIPT) 104

##### Foot Note 104

× Diggs’ 1st Affidavit at p 135: ABOD at p 672.  
#835-007| PVC SCH 80 Female Adapter, ¾" (SOC x FIPT) 105

##### Foot Note 105

× Diggs’ 1st Affidavit at p 137: ABOD at p 674.  
#835-010| PVC SCH 80 Female Adapter, 1" (SOC x FIPT) 106

##### Foot Note 106

× Diggs’ 1st Affidavit at p 133: ABOD at p 670.  
  
106 The common serial numbers in the Respondent-Agru Tech Invoices and Agru
Tech-Singapore Consumers Invoices may therefore show that Agru Tech was
distributing the respondent’s goods in Singapore.

107 In any event, I agree with the respondent that the Agru Tech-Singapore
Consumers Invoices are not necessary to sustain the finding that the
respondent had goodwill from 2013 to 2015. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

Diggs’ 1st Affidavit at [57]; ABOD, at p 557.

As the Adjudicator accepted, 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

GD at [68]–[69].

the sales evidenced by the Respondent-Agru Tech Invoices also establish the
respondent’s goodwill from 2013 to 2015. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

RS at [65]; Muller’s SD at [12], pp 53–68: BOD at pp 42, 91–106.

108 Finally, given the respondent is not disputing that the SCH 80 Terms are
general descriptors, 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

RS at [67]; Diggs’ 1st Affidavit at [55]: ABOD at p 556.

the SCH 80 Evidence is redundant.

109 For these reasons, I fail to see how the SCH 80 Evidence is likely to have
an importance influence on the outcome of the appeal.

110 With regards the third Ladd v Marshall condition, the respondent questions
the credibility of the SCH 80 Evidence because it is being adduced late. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

RS at [69], [73].

However, since the respondent accepts that the SCH 80 Evidence is “largely
publicly available information”, 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

RS at [81].

I do not think there are serious doubts as to its apparent credibility. The
third Ladd v Marshall condition is satisfied.

Hunt-Wesson factors

111 For the Hunt-Wesson factors pertaining to the delay in adducing the SCH 80
Evidence and the potential significance of the new evidence, I repeat my
earlier findings in respect of the relevant Ladd v Marshall conditions (see
[102], [109] and [110] above).

112 As for the remaining Hunt-Wesson factors discussed in connection with the
Import Evidence, viz, prejudice, multiplicity of proceedings and public
interest, I regard these as being neutral to the question of whether the SCH
80 Evidence should be admitted. The respondent accepts that the SCH 80 Terms
are not distinctive of its goods and services, but are general descriptors. It
follows that there will be no need to remit the matter to the TM Registrar to
take further evidence relating to the SCH 80 Evidence, and that the resolution
of the matter will not be prolonged if the SCH 80 Evidence is admitted. The
prejudice spoken of at [71] and [84] above will not be caused by the admission
of the SCH 80 Evidence.

Conclusion on the SCH 80 Evidence

113 While the first and third Ladd v Marshall conditions are satisfied, I
decline to grant leave to adduce the SCH 80 Evidence. I see no reason to allow
the application since the second Ladd v Marshall condition is not fulfilled.
Namely: (a) the respondent is not disputing the very fact that the SCH 80
Evidence seeks to prove – that the SCH 80 Terms are general descriptors; and
(b) even if the SCH 80 Terms are general descriptors, as explained above at
[103]–[106], there is another common identifier of the goods being sold in the
Respondent-Agru Tech Invoices and Agru Tech-Singapore Consumers Invoices which
show that the respondent’s goods were being sold by Agru Tech to other
Singapore consumers.

Conclusion

114 I conclude by emphasising the importance of two points:

(a) First, parties ought to produce all relevant evidence for opposition
proceedings before the TM Registrar. Parties should not take the position that
because opposition proceedings concern the registration of trade marks, leave
will always be granted by the High Court to adduce further evidence in an
appeal.

(b) Second, parties must exercise discipline in drafting a Notice of
Opposition and Counter-statement to clearly and concisely state the grounds
each party relies on such that the real issues in dispute can be brought to
light and the right evidence adduced. All trade marks relied on (whether
registered or unregistered) must be specifically stated with the relevant
details.

115 For all the foregoing reasons, SUM 1081 is dismissed. It follows that the
respondent’s affidavits in reply to the applicant’s affidavits filed in
support of its application in SUM 1081 are also inadmissible for the purposes
of TA 2/2021. I will hear parties on costs separately.

Dedar Singh Gill  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Lauw Yu An Nicholas Lynwood and Quek Yi Liang Daniel (Guo Yiliang Daniel)
(Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP) for the applicant;

Chew Lixian Ashley

(Ella Cheong LLC) for the respondent.

SUPREME COURT OF SINGAPORE

24 August 2021

Case summary

Yitai (Shanghai) Plastic Co, Ltd v Charlotte Pipe and Foundry Co [2021] SGHC
198

  

Tribunal Appeal No 2 of 2021

\--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Decision of the General Division of the High Court (delivered by Justice Dedar
Singh Gill):

Outcome: HC dismisses an application to adduce further evidence on appeal in
trade mark proceedings. This application was brought by the party appealing
the successful opposition to the registration of its trade mark.

Pertinent and significant points of the judgment

• To determine whether to admit further evidence on appeal in trade mark
proceedings under O 87 r 4(2) of the Rules of Court (2014 Rev Ed) (“ROC”), the
Ladd v Marshall [1954] 1 WLR 1489 (“Ladd v Marshall”) test should not be
applied strictly. Just because the applicant has not satisfied all the Ladd v
Marshall conditions does not mean that its application must necessarily fail.
The court should go further to consider whether there are any other compelling
factors which make it just to admit the further evidence in question. In this
regard, the other considerations stated by Laddie J in Hunt-Wesson Inc’s Trade
Mark Application [1996] RPC 233 (“Hunt-Wesson”) (“the Hunt-Wesson factors”),
while non-exhaustive, are relevant (at [32]). However, despite these
principles, given the policy objectives of finality in litigation and the
expeditious resolution of other cases pending before the Registrar of Trade
Marks, the admission of further evidence should be the exception, rather than
the norm (at [89]).

• Pleadings (ie, the Notice of Opposition and Counter-statement) must be full
in the sense that each party must outline each of the grounds relied upon and
state the case relied upon in support of those grounds (at [100]). In
particular, all trade marks relied on (whether registered or unregistered)
must be specifically stated with the relevant details (at [114(b)]).

• The General Division of the High Court has the power to remit cases to the
Registrar of Trade Marks under O 55 r 6(5) of the ROC or its inherent power
(at [76]–[77]).

The material facts

1 The applicant was a Chinese company which filed an international
registration for a trade mark (“the Application Mark”), designating Singapore.
The respondent was a US company which successfully opposed the registration of
the Application Mark. The Intellectual Property Adjudicator (“the
Adjudicator”) allowed the opposition under s 8(7)(a) of the Trade Marks Act
(Cap 332, 2005 Rev Ed) (“TMA”) on the ground that the applicant passed off one
of the respondent’s unregistered trade marks, referred to as the “Respondent’s
Unregistered Logo Mark”. After filing the appeal, HC/TA 2/2021 (“TA 2/2021”),
the applicant sought to adduce further evidence under O 87 r 4(2) of the ROC.

2 The background to this application to adduce further evidence on appeal is
as follows. At the oral hearing for the opposition, the Adjudicator rejected a
preliminary objection by the applicant to the respondent’s reliance on the
respondent’s unregistered marks (“the Respondent’s Unregistered Marks”),
including the Respondent’s Unregistered Logo Mark. The applicant argued that
the respondent failed to plead these marks. However, the Adjudicator found
that there was sufficient reference, in the respondent’s pleadings and the
evidence tendered, to the respondent’s common law rights in the Respondent’s
Unregistered Marks. The Adjudicator then allowed the opposition under s
8(7)(a) of the TMA.

3 As part of the finding on passing off, the Adjudicator recognised the
respondent’s goodwill in Singapore from 2013 to 2015 based on invoices from
the respondent to its Singapore distributor, Agru Technology Pte Ltd (“Agru
Tech”) on which the Respondent’s Unregistered Logo Mark was printed (“the
Respondent-Agru Tech Invoices”). The Adjudicator also accepted, as evidence of
goodwill, invoices from Agru Tech to consumers in Singapore, from 2014 to 2015
(“the Agru Tech-Singapore Consumers Invoices”).

4 Although the respondent’s registered mark and the Respondent’s Unregistered
Marks were not printed on the Agru Tech-Singapore Consumers Invoices, the
Adjudicator found that the description of the products on these invoices
appeared to correspond with the description of products sold from the
respondent to Agru Tech and the description of the respondent’s products on
Agru Tech’s website.

5 In this application, two categories of evidence were sought to be adduced.

6 The first category of evidence was the “Import Evidence”. The Import
Evidence aimed to prove use of the Application Mark in Singapore prior to the
earliest date on which the respondent’s goodwill was recognised – 17 December
2013. Such use was in the form of exports of products, by reference to the
Application Mark, from China to Hyflux Membrane Manufacturing (S) Pte Ltd
(“Hyflux”) in Singapore in 2012 and 2013. The applicant highlighted that the
photographs of the goods it exported from China to Singapore in 2012 and a
pipe with the Application Mark affixed on it installed in the Hyflux Tuaspring
water desalination plant in Singapore (“the Pipe Photograph”) were of
particular significance.

7 The second category of evidence was the “SCH 80 Evidence”. The applicant was
of the view that the Adjudicator erred in finding, from the Agru Tech-
Singapore Consumers Invoices, that Agru Tech had supplied the respondent’s
products to customers in Singapore. On the applicant’s reading of [68] of the
Grounds of Decision, the Adjudicator erroneously concluded that the terms “SCH
80”, “Schedule 80” or “PVC SCH 80” (“the SCH 80 Terms”) found in the Agru
Tech-Singapore Consumers Invoices were distinctive of the respondent’s goods.
The applicant’s SCH 80 Evidence aimed to show that, in fact, these were
generic terms and/or specifications which were widely used in industry. Put
another way, the Agru Tech-Singapore Consumers Invoices did not evidence sales
of the respondent’s goods by Agru Tech to consumers in Singapore. The SCH 80
Evidence consisted of: (a) the definition of PVC; (b) websites illustrating
the meaning of Schedule 80; and (c) sales brochures from companies around the
world which sold PVC Schedule 80 pipes.

The court’s decision

8 The High Court declined to admit both categories of further evidence for the
purpose of TA 2/2021 and dismissed the application (at [115]).

Import Evidence

9 The court held that none of the Ladd v Marshall conditions was satisfied in
respect of the Import Evidence (at [68]).

10 With regards the first Ladd v Marshall condition, the Import Evidence was
obtainable with reasonable diligence in proceedings below. This was because
the applicant had itself asserted prior user of the Application Mark in
Singapore since 2011 in its statutory declaration (at [42]) and should have
been alive to the respondent’s intention to rely on the Respondent’s
Unregistered Marks based on the respondent’s pleadings and evidence (at [44]).
Yet, the applicant squandered multiple opportunities to respond to the
Respondent’s Unregistered Marks, including refusing to address them when
invited to do so by the Adjudicator at the oral hearing below (at [45]).

11 Whether the second Ladd v Marshall condition was fulfilled depended on the
weight that could be ascribed to the photographs in the Import Evidence. The
question of weight was, in turn, linked to the credibility of the photographs
which fell to be assessed under the third Ladd v Marshall condition (at [49]).

12 However, under the third Ladd v Marshall condition, the court found that
the photographs and their metadata (recording, for example, the time and date
on which the photographs were taken) were not apparently credible (at [53]).
Although the photographs and their metadata benefited from a prima facie
presumption under s 116A of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed) that the
relevant device accurately communicated the electronic record, the court had
several reservations about the credibility of the evidence. For instance,
there were inconsistencies between the photographs and other contemporaneous
documents (at [56]) and, for various reasons, the photographs were
inconclusive as to whether the alleged sales were made by reference to the
Application Mark (at [63]–[65]). The court was also unable to determine if the
Pipe Photograph was taken in Singapore (at [66]). Thus, both the third and
second Ladd v Marshall conditions were not fulfilled.

13 The court next considered three Hunt-Wesson factors.

14 First, the court accepted that the respondent would suffer prejudice which
could not be compensated by costs if the application was allowed (at [71]).
The first form of prejudice was that the possible delay in resolving the
matter would prolong the likelihood of confusion in the market, if the
opposition founded on s 8(7)(a) TMA was subsequently upheld in TA 2/202 (at
[71]). The final resolution of this matter would possibly be delayed because
the General Division of the High Court had the power to remit the matter to
the Adjudicator under O 55 r 6(5) of the ROC or its inherent power (at
[76]–[77]). In this case if the application was allowed, the court would have
remitted the matter to the Registrar of Trade Marks to allow the respondent to
test the credibility and relevance of the Import Evidence through cross-
examination (at [82]). The second form of prejudice was the subversion of the
respondent’s expectation that the existing evidence was all that the applicant
wanted to rely on to contest its opposition (at [84]).

15 Second, with regards multiplicity of proceedings, the court held that the
desirability of preventing the respondent from needing to fight, for a second
time, the opposition which it had already won before the Adjudicator was an
important factor which undermined the application (at [88]).

16 Third, with regards public interest, the court agreed with the respondent
that the public interest in deterring parties from presenting a partial or
incomplete case at first instance weighed against allowing the application (at
[96]). Further, the party asserting a proprietary right in a trade mark had
the responsibility to put forth its entire case, including all relevant
material in support thereof. Less leeway may be granted to such parties to
adduce further evidence after failing to obtain registration at first instance
(at [91]).

17 Balancing all the relevant circumstances, the court concluded that the
justice of the case did not call for the admission of the Import Evidence.
Having made the strategic decision not to accept the Adjudicator’s offer to
respond to the Respondent’s Unregistered Marks at the hearing below, the
applicant now had to live by its choice (at [98]–[99]).

SCH 80 Evidence

18 Although the first and third Ladd v Marshall conditions were fulfilled, the
SCH 80 Evidence was not admitted because the second Ladd v Marshall condition
was not satisfied. The SCH 80 Evidence would have no important influence on
the outcome of the appeal because: (a) the respondent was not disputing the
very fact that the SCH 80 Evidence sought to prove – that the SCH 80 Terms
were general descriptors; and (b) even if the SCH 80 Terms were general
descriptors, there was another common identifier of the goods being sold in
the Respondent-Agru Tech Invoices and Agru Tech-Singapore Consumers Invoices
which showed that the respondent’s goods were being sold by Agru Tech to other
Singapore consumers (at [113]).

19 The Hunt-Wesson factors discussed in connection with the Import Evidence,
viz, prejudice, multiplicity of proceedings and public interest, were neutral
to the question of whether the SCH 80 Evidence should be admitted (at [112]).

Conclusion

20 For the reasons above, the Import Evidence and SCH 80 Evidence were not
admitted for the purpose of TA 2/2021.

This summary is provided to assist in the understanding of the Court’s grounds
of decision. It is not intended to be a substitute for the reasons of the
Court. All numbers in bold font and square brackets refer to the corresponding
paragraph numbers in the Court’s grounds of decision.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 15 Nov 2021 (13:34 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

