Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC 293

Suit No 693 of 2020

Between

| All India Supermart Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Indian Supermarket Pte Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| Duraikkannu Baskaran  
  
… Defendants

Originating Summons No 477 of 2021

Between

| All India Supermart Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Applicant

And

(1)| Indian Supermarket Pte Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| Duraikkannu Baskaran  
  
… Respondents

judgment

[Intellectual Property] — [Trade marks and trade names] — [Declaration of
invalidity]

[Intellectual Property] — [Trade marks and trade names] — [Infringement]

[Intellectual Property] — [Trade marks and trade names] — [Invalidity]

[Intellectual Property] — [Trade marks and trade names] — [Passing off]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
All India Supermart Pte Ltd

  
v

  

Indian Supermarket Pte Ltd and another

[2021] SGHC 293

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 693 of 2020 and Originating
Summons No 477 of 2021  
Valerie Thean J  
21–24 September, 15 November 2021

31 December 2021 Judgment reserved.

Valerie Thean J:

Introduction

1 The plaintiff, All India Supermart Pte Ltd (“AISPL”), and the first
defendant, Indian Supermarket Pte Ltd (“ISPL”), are Singapore-incorporated
companies in the business of operating Indian supermarkets in Little India. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) dated 20 October 2020 (“SOC”) at paras 1,
5 and 7; Defence of the 1st and 2nd Defendants (Amendment No 2) dated 2
September 2021 (“Defence”) at paras 1, 5 and 7.

The second defendant, Mr Duraikkannu Baskaran (“Mr Baskaran”), is the sole
director and 50% shareholder of ISPL. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

SOC at para 6; Defence at para 6.

I refer to ISPL and Mr Baskaran collectively as “the defendants”.

2 By this suit (“the Suit”), AISPL claims that the defendants are jointly
liable for the common law tort of passing off and for infringing AISPL’s
registered trade mark under s 27(2)(b) of the Trade Marks Act (Cap 332, 2005
Rev Ed) (“the TMA”). In addition, AISPL has filed an originating summons (“the
OS”) seeking the invalidation of ISPL’s registered trade mark under s 23 of
the TMA. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

HC/OS 477/2021, Prayer 1.

Background

3 AISPL was incorporated in Singapore on 21 July 2015. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief of Kalai Meyyappan Ramalingam affirmed on 29
July 2021 (“Mr Ramalingam’s AEIC”) at para 6; Agreed Bundle of Documents
(“AB”) 1.

Since November 2015, AISPL has operated an Indian supermarket under the trade
mark and trade name “ALL INDIA SUPERMART”. AISPL’s supermarket is located in a
four-storey building at 41 Norris Road selling various Indian provision goods,
vegetables, fruits, and personal use and household items. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

SOC at paras 1 and 3; Defence at paras 1 and 3.

4 From November 2015 to November 2019, AISPL was run by Mr Ayyakkannu
Mathivanan (“Mr Mathivanan”) and Mr Rethinagumar s/o Pillai Velayudham (“Mr
Rethinagumar”). 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Mr Ramalingam’s AEIC at paras 6 and 8.

Mr Kalai Meyyappan Ramalingam (“Mr Ramalingam”) purchased AISPL’s shares from
Mr Rethinagumar in November 2019 and he is presently the sole director and
sole shareholder of AISPL. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Mr Ramalingam’s AEIC at paras 1 and 8; AB 2.

Mr Ramalingam is also the managing director and shareholder of Sri Murugan
Manufacturing Pte Ltd (“SMM”) and Sri Murugan Trading Pte Ltd (“SMT”). SMM is
in the business of importing grocery goods from India, repacking them and
supplying them to SMT, 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Mr Ramalingam’s AEIC at para 9.

which then sells these and other goods in its own grocery stores in Singapore.
9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Mr Ramalingam’s AEIC at para 10.

5 Through a company known as SSR Tradings Pte Ltd (“SSR”), Mr Baskaran
supplied Indian snack food to AISPL from around 2018 to 2020. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

SOC at para 6; Defence at para 6; Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief of
Duraikkannu Baskaran affirmed on 3 August 2021 (“Mr Baskaran’s AEIC”) at para
24 (indicating that the supply of SSR’s products to AISPL ceased in March
2020).

6 ISPL was incorporated by Mr Baskaran on 26 February 2020. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

SOC at para 5; Defence at para 5; Mr Baskaran’s AEIC at para 21; AB 4.

Mr Baskaran is its sole director and owns 50% of its shares, with the
remaining 50% being owned by his cousin, Ms Subbaraj Sankareswari. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

AB 5–6; Transcript, 23 September 2021 at p 54 lines 26–28.

7 On 23 March 2020, AISPL became the registered proprietor of the following
trade mark for services in Class 35, which included “supermarket retailing;
retailing of goods by any means; retail store services; wholesale store
services; wholesaling of goods by any means” (“AISPL’s Mark”): 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

SOC at para 11; Defence at para 12; AB 10–11.

![](data:image/Jpeg;base64,
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)

8 On 18 June 2020, ISPL became the registered proprietor of the following
trade mark for goods in Class 29 (fish, seafood, dairy, etc, food products),
Class 30 (carbohydrate-based preparations for foods, coffee and tea,
condiments, bakery products, etc) and Class 31 (fresh fruits and vegetables)
(“ISPL’s Mark”): 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Mr Baskaran’s AEIC at para 26; AB 20–21.

![](data:image/Jpeg;base64,
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)

As shown in the image above, ISPL’s Mark comprises both the words “INDIAN
SUPERMARKET” and a pictorial device depicting a person pushing a trolley with
the number “23” within it, within a yellow circle. I refer to this logo as the
“Customer 23 Device”.

9 Sometime in July 2020, ISPL and Mr Baskaran opened an Indian supermarket
under the name “INDIAN SUPERMARKET” at 60 Upper Weld Road. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

SOC at para 7; Defence at para 7.

10 On 17 July 2020, AISPL’s solicitors sent a letter of demand to ISPL
requesting it to cease using the mark and name “INDIAN SUPERMARKET” for its
supermarket. ISPL did not do so. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

SOC at para 15; Defence at para 17; AB 584–585.

11 On 3 August 2020, AISPL commenced the Suit against ISPL and Mr Baskaran. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Writ of Summons in HC/S 693/2020.

In a further letter to ISPL’s solicitors on 1 October 2020, AISPL’s solicitors
enclosed a copy of the registration certificate for AISPL’s Mark and
reiterated its request for ISPL to cease using the mark and name “INDIAN
SUPERMARKET”. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

SOC at para 16; Defence at para 12; AB 586–587.

On 9 October 2020, ISPL’s solicitors responded with a refusal to do so. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

SOC at para 16; Defence at para 18.

12 On 17 May 2021, AISPL filed the OS seeking the invalidation of ISPL’s Mark
under s 23 of the TMA. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

HC/OS 477/2021.

13 While not directly in issue in the present proceedings, I note for
completeness that on 19 May 2021, AISPL applied to register two further trade
marks (see left and right below) for goods in Classes 29, 30 and 31: 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

AB 12–13 and 15–16.

![](data:image/Jpeg;base64,
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)

The parties’ positions

AISPL’s claim for passing off

14 First, AISPL claims that ISPL is liable in the tort of passing off. By
reason of its long and extensive use of the trade mark and trade name “ALL
INDIA SUPERMART” in respect of its Indian supermarket in Singapore since 2015,
it has acquired substantial goodwill and reputation in the supermarket
business under that trade mark and trade name, and that customers have come to
recognise and associate the mark and name “ALL INDIA SUPERMART” with AISPL and
none other. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

SOC at para 4.

AISPL alleges that ISPL has misrepresented that its supermarket is
economically associated or connected with AISPL’s by deliberately using the
trade mark and trade name “INDIAN SUPERMARKET” for its supermarket, which is
in close proximity with AISPL’s, and that this is likely to confuse or deceive
customers because of the similarity between the two names. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

SOC at para 8.

These acts of misrepresentation have caused or are likely to cause loss and
damage to AISPL’s goodwill and reputation in Singapore, in the form of
diverted sales and possible reputational damage. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

SOC at para 9.

AISPL seeks to hold Mr Baskaran liable as a joint tortfeasor as the
controlling mind or alter ego of ISPL who personally procured, authorised,
directed, caused or assisted ISPL to commit these acts of passing off. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

SOC at para 10.

15 The defendants deny that ISPL committed any acts, calculated to pass off
its business as that of AISPL’s supermarket, that are likely to deceive
members of the public into believing that the two supermarkets are related or
connected. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Defence at para 8.

In particular, the words “INDIAN SUPERMARKET” are of a generic and descriptive
nature and are not distinctive or peculiar to AISPL’s supermarket; 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Defence at para 8(a).

the words used in “INDIAN SUPERMARKET” and “ALL INDIA SUPERMART” are not
similar; 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Defence at para 8(b).

the location, signage, premises and manner of operation of AISPL’s and ISPL’s
supermarkets are sufficiently different; 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Defence at para 8(c).

the get-up of AISPL’s and ISPL’s supermarkets is generic or common to the
trade; 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Defence at para 8(d).

and none of the items sold by ISPL can be identified to bear any mark or
indication connected or related to AISPL’s supermarket, or any trade name or
trade mark that allegedly belongs to AISPL. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Defence at para 8(e).

The defendants also deny that AISPL has suffered or will suffer any damage as
a result of these matters. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Defence at para 10.

16 In reply, AISPL argues that its trade name, “ALL INDIA SUPERMART”, is not
generic or descriptive. Even if it is generic and descriptive, it has acquired
a secondary significance and distinctiveness in the minds of the public as a
badge of origin denoting only AISPL’s supermarket and services, by reason of
its extensive use from 2015. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Reply (Amendment No 2) filed on 6 September 2021 (“Reply”) at para 3(i).

Further, even if ISPL’s trade name, “INDIAN SUPERMARKET”, is descriptive, it
is still confusingly and deceptively similar to AISPL’s trade name, and this
amounts to a misrepresentation. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Reply at para 3(ii).

AISPL’s claim for infringement of its registered trade mark

17 Second, AISPL claims that ISPL has infringed AISPL’s Mark under s 27(2)(b)
of the TMA by using “INDIAN SUPERMARKET” as its trade mark for its supermarket
(and therefore as a service mark), and by providing supermarket services
identical or similar to AISPL’s registered services. ISPL has also used the
“INDIAN SUPERMARKET” mark on its shop signage, receipts, carrier bags and
marketing materials. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

SOC at para 12.

There exists a likelihood of confusion on the part of the public because
ISPL’s “INDIAN SUPERMARKET” mark is a sign which is similar to AISPL’s Mark,
and it is being used in relation to services identical or similar to AISPL’s
registered services. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

SOC at para 13.

AISPL seeks to hold Mr Baskaran jointly liable because, as the controlling
mind and alter ego of ISPL, he procured, authorised, directed, caused or
assisted ISPL to commit these acts of trade mark infringement. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

SOC at para 14.

Notwithstanding AISPL’s solicitors’ requests on 17 July 2020 and 1 October
2020 for ISPL to cease using the mark and name “INDIAN SUPERMARKET”, the
defendants have refused to do so. AISPL argues that it has therefore suffered,
or is likely to suffer, loss and damage. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

SOC at para 17.

18 The defendants deny having infringed AISPL’s Mark and repeat their
arguments in response to AISPL’s passing off claim above. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Defence at para 14.

Further or in the alternative, the defendants make two arguments:

(a) First, they contend that ISPL is entitled to use its own name, “INDIAN
SUPERMARKET”, as its trading name under s 28(1)(a) of the TMA. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Defence at para 20.

(b) Second, they argue that ISPL uses the sign “INDIAN SUPERMARKET” as its
trading name or part of its trade mark to indicate the kind, quality, intended
purpose, geographical origin or other characteristic of the goods sold in
Indian supermarkets. In particular, many of the goods and produce sold by ISPL
at its supermarket are imported from India and/or are generally consumed or
used by people of Indian origin, and many of the other products sold are
commonly found in Indian supermarkets and grocery shops in Singapore. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Defence at para 21.

19 As these uses are in accordance with honest practices in industrial or
commercial matters, and by virtue of ss 28(1)(a)(i) and 28(1)(b)(i) of the
TMA, the defendants contend that ISPL has not infringed AISPL’s Mark. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Defence at para 22.

20 In reply, AISPL argues that ISPL is not entitled to the ‘own name’ defence
under s 28(1)(a)(i) of the TMA, and that ISPL’s alleged use of its own name is
not in accordance with honest practices in industrial or commercial matters.
43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Reply at para 7.

Further, AISPL argues that the defence in s 28(1)(b)(i) of the TMA is not
available because the words “INDIAN SUPERMARKET” are used by ISPL as a trade
mark, or otherwise not in accordance with honest practices in industrial or
commercial matters. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Reply at para 8.

AISPL’s claim for invalidation of ISPL’s Mark

21 Third, AISPL claims that ISPL’s Mark should be declared invalid under s 23
of the TMA.

22 AISPL relies on the following relative grounds in s 8 of the TMA:

(a) First, by reason of the goodwill and reputation enjoyed by AISPL in
Singapore in AISPL’s Mark for both goods and services prior to the
registration of ISPL’s Mark, the registration of ISPL’s Mark was liable to be
prevented by the law of passing off, and the registration of ISPL’s Mark was
therefore in breach of s 8(7)(a) of the TMA and ought to be declared invalid
under s 23(1) of the TMA. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Statement of Grounds of Invalidity dated 17 May 2021 (“OS 477 Statement”) at
para 19.

(b) Second, ISPL’s Mark is similar to AISPL’s Mark, the goods for which ISPL’s
Mark is registered are similar to the services for which AISPL’s Mark is
registered, and there exists a likelihood of confusion on the part of the
public. The registration of ISPL’s Mark therefore ought to be invalidated
under s 23(3)(a)(i) read with s 8(2)(b) of the TMA. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

OS 477 Statement at para 20.

(c) Third, ISPL’s Mark ought to be invalidated under s 23(3)(a)(iii) read with
ss 8(4)(b)(i) and 8(4)(b)(ii) of the TMA because the whole or an essential
part of ISPL’s Mark (namely, the words “INDIAN” and “SUPERMARKET”) is
identical with or similar to AISPL’s Mark; the latter is well known in
Singapore; and the use of ISPL’s Mark would indicate a connection between
ISPL’s goods and AISPL and is likely to damage AISPL’s interests, or the use
of ISPL’s Mark would cause dilution in an unfair manner of the distinctive
character of AISPL’s Mark or would take unfair advantage of the distinctive
character of AISPL’s Mark. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

OS 477 Statement at para 21.

23 AISPL also relies on the following absolute grounds in s 7 of the TMA:

(a) First, as the application to register ISPL’s Mark was made in bad faith,
the registration of ISPL’s Mark was in breach of s 7(6) of the TMA and ought
to be declared invalid under s 23(1) of the TMA. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

OS 477 Statement at para 22.

(b) Second, ISPL’s Mark does not satisfy the definition of a trade mark in s
2(1) of the TMA as the words “INDIAN SUPERMARKET” are not a sign capable of
distinguishing ISPL’s goods from the goods or services provided by AISPL under
AISPL’s Mark with the words “ALL INDIA SUPERMART”. Therefore, its registration
was in breach of s 7(1)(a) of the TMA and ought to be declared invalid under s
23(1) of the TMA. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

OS 477 Statement at para 23.

(c) Third, ISPL’s Mark is devoid of any distinctive character because the
dominant element in the mark is the words “INDIAN SUPERMARKET”, which are
descriptive and not distinctive. Therefore, registration of ISPL’s Mark ought
to be invalidated under s 23(1) read with s 7(1)(b) of the TMA. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

OS 477 Statement at para 24.

24 The defendants deny that these grounds are made out. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions (“DWS”) at paras 80–94.

Issues arising

25 I consider each of AISPL’s claims in turn:

(a) First, have the defendants infringed AISPL’s Mark under s 27(2)(b) of the
TMA?

(b) Second, are the defendants liable in the tort of passing off?

(c) Third, in relation to ISPL’s Mark, has AISPL succeeded in establishing
that any of the grounds for invalidity of registration set out in s 23 of the
TMA apply?

26 By consent of both parties, the trial was bifurcated on 9 October 2020, and
I therefore consider only the issue of liability in these proceedings. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Correspondence from Registry dated 9 October 2020.

Infringement of AISPL’s registered trade mark

27 I consider first the allegation that ISPL has infringed AISPL’s Mark,
because AISPL’s contention as to the similarity of AISPL’s and ISPL’s marks is
an important aspect of its wider passing off claim.

28 Section 27(2)(b) of the TMA provides as follows:

Acts amounting to infringement of registered trade mark

27.— … (2) A person infringes a registered trade mark if, without the consent
of the proprietor of the trade mark, he uses in the course of trade a sign
where because — …

(b) the sign is similar to the trade mark and is used in relation to goods or
services identical with or similar to those for which the trade mark is
registered,

there exists a likelihood of confusion on the part of the public.

29 Under the step-by-step approach to the analysis of infringement claims, the
three requirements in s 27(2)(b) are assessed systematically (The Polo/Lauren
Co, LP v Shop In Department Store Pte Ltd [2006] 2 SLR(R) 690 (“Polo”) at [8],
endorsed in Staywell Hospitality Group Pty Ltd v Starwood Hotels & Resorts
Worldwide, Inc and another and another appeal [2014] 1 SLR 911 (“Staywell”) at
[15]):

(a) First, the alleged offending sign must be shown to be similar to the
registered mark.

(b) Second, both the sign and the mark must be used in relation to similar
goods or services.

(c) Third, there must exist a likelihood of confusion on the part of the
public on account of the presence of the first two conditions.

Similarity of marks

30 I first consider whether ISPL has used, in the course of trade, a sign
similar to AISPL’s Mark. A preliminary question that arises here is whether
AISPL’s Mark should be compared with ISPL’s Mark (which includes the Customer
23 Device) or instead with the words “INDIAN SUPERMARKET”. Counsel for AISPL
argues that the relevant comparison is between AISPL’s Mark and the words
“INDIAN SUPERMARKET”, which was identified as the infringing mark in AISPL’s
statement of claim. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Transcript, 15 November 2021 at p 2 lines 8–32, p 5 lines 20–23 and p 41 lines
4–9; SOC at para 12(i).

As counsel for ISPL acknowledged during oral submissions, ISPL’s pleaded
defence similarly focused on arguing that the sign “INDIAN SUPERMARKET” did
not infringe AISPL’s Mark. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Transcript, 15 November 2021 at p 38 lines 16–24 and p 39 line 30 to p 40 line
1; Defence at paras 20–21.

Counsel for ISPL sought to explain that this was because ISPL’s Mark was not
registered until some time after the commencement of the Suit. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Transcript, 15 November 2021 at p 38 lines 16–24.

However, ISPL’s written submissions focused on comparing AISPL’s Mark with
ISPL’s Mark. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

DWS at paras 40–58.

31 In my view, the correct comparison is between AISPL’s Mark and the words
“INDIAN SUPERMARKET”. AISPL’s pleaded claim for trade mark infringement refers
specifically to ISPL’s use of the words “INDIAN SUPERMARKET” as the infringing
mark. Similarly, ISPL’s pleaded defences are framed with reference to “INDIAN
SUPERMARKET”, and are not premised on ISPL’s Mark. It is on this basis that I
assess mark similarity.

32 It is well established that the court will consider three aspects of
similarity: visual, aural and conceptual (see Sarika Connoisseur Café Pte Ltd
v Ferrero SpA [2013] 1 SLR 531 (“Sarika”) at [16]). These criteria “do not
invite a formulaic consideration”, but rather “are signposts towards answering
the question of whether the marks are similar” [emphasis in original omitted]
(Staywell at [18]). The assessment of mark similarity is done mark-for-mark
without consideration of any external matter (Staywell at [20]). In addition,
the court will consider the general impression that will likely be left by the
essential or dominant features of the marks on the average consumer, who will
be assumed to have imperfect recollection (Hai Tong Co (Pte) Ltd v Ventree
Singapore Pte Ltd and another and another appeal [2013] 2 SLR 941 (“Hai Tong”)
at [40(d)]).

Visual similarity

33 I begin with visual similarity. AISPL’s Mark comprises the words “ALL INDIA
SUPERMART”, whereas ISPL’s allegedly infringing mark comprises the words
“INDIAN SUPERMARKET”. I find that there is little visual similarity between
the marks. AISPL argues that there is a high degree of similarity between the
two because there are “no major or discernible differences” and the word “ALL”
in AISPL’s Mark does not diminish the substantial visual similarity. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions (“PWS”) at para 128.

I disagree. The marks have different lengths and structures, and do not share
any common words. Taking into account the possibility of consumers’ imperfect
recollection is taken into account (see Sarika at [23]), and that “SUPERMART”
and “SUPERMARKET” might appear similar to the undiscerning eye, special regard
should be paid to the distinctive or dominant components of a mark (Staywell
at [23]). In this case, “ALL INDIA” is the memorable component of AISPL’s Mark
which is likely to stand out in a consumer’s imperfect recollection, and this
is visually dissimilar from “INDIAN”.

Aural similarity

34 I turn now to aural similarity. There is some aural similarity between the
two marks because they share several common syllables. However, the degree of
aural similarity is not high, as the first syllable of AISPL’s Mark – “ALL” –
is a dominant and distinctive component which would immediately set it apart
from “INDIAN SUPERMARKET”. The first syllable of AISPL’s Mark would likely be
emphasised in its pronunciation: see Johnson & Johnson v Uni-Charm Kabushiki
Kaisha (Uni-Charm Corp) [2007] 1 SLR(R) 1082 at [11] and Sarika at [29]. This
aural dissimilarity is accentuated amongst Tamil-speaking customers. Mr
Mathivanan, who formerly ran AISPL together with Mr Rethinagumar, gave
evidence that they chose the name “All India”, which would be pronounced as
“All Indee-Yah” by Tamil speakers. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief of Ayyakkannu Mathivanan affirmed on 29 July
2021 at para 8; Transcript, 24 September 2021 at p 38 line 32.

Mr Ramalingam, giving evidence for AISPL, similarly stated that, in Tamil,
“India” would be pronounced as “een-dee-yah”. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Transcript, 21 September 2021 at p 108 lines 1–3 and 22–24.

Conceptual similarity

35 As for conceptual similarity, this involves a consideration of the ideas
that lie behind or inform each mark (Sarika at [34]). There is a relatively
high degree of conceptual similarity between the two marks as both are
descriptive. Both evoke the idea that that the products sold are products
which are from India, products which are related to Indian cuisine or culture,
and/or products which are targeted at Indian consumers. Mr Rethinagumar,
AISPL’s former director, gave evidence that the name “ALL INDIA SUPERMART” was
chosen because it described the goods sold in AISPL’s supermarket as being
from India. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Transcript, 22 September 2021 at p 18 lines 17–26.

This aspect of their similarity does not assist in AISPL’s case, as I explain
below.

Overall similarity of marks

36 Considered holistically, I find AISPL’s Mark and “INDIAN SUPERMARKET” to be
more dissimilar than similar. Apart from the visual and aural dissimilarities,
I also take into account the degree of distinctiveness of AISPL’s Mark. The
less distinctive AISPL’s Mark, the less it is necessary to show sufficient
alterations to or differences in “INDIAN SUPERMARKET” for it not to be held
similar to AISPL’s Mark: see Sarika at [20] and [35]–[36]. Where a mark is
descriptive, it will be harder for it to acquire distinctiveness (and the
evidential burden on the plaintiff will be higher), and minor differences will
be held to be sufficient to distinguish it from another mark: Super Coffeemix
Manufacturing Ltd v Unico Trading Pte Ltd and another and another appeal
[2000] 2 SLR(R) 214 at [61] and [63]. Given the relatively low degree of
inherent distinctiveness of ”ALL INDIA SUPERMART”, there is a low bar for
“INDIAN SUPERMARKET” to be considered dissimilar to it (see Staywell at [25]).
In my view, the requisite similarity between the marks is not established.

Conclusion on AISPL’s trade mark infringement claim

37 AISPL’s claim for trade mark infringement may therefore be dismissed for
lack of mark similarity. I add for completeness that, even if AISPL’s Mark and
“INDIAN SUPERMARKET” are both used in relation to similar services
(supermarket services), the third requirement of a likelihood of confusion is
not made out. The only relevant type of confusion for the purpose of grounding
an infringement action is that which results from the similarity between marks
and goods or services: Staywell at [15] and [64]. As AISPL has not succeeded
in establishing mark similarity, the requisite likelihood of confusion is not
made out. As the Court of Appeal noted in Polo at [8], if either of the first
two conditions in the step-by-step test is not satisfied, there will not be
any need to go into the third question of determining whether there exists a
likelihood of confusion.

38 In light of my conclusion that ISPL is not liable for trade mark
infringement, it is not necessary for me to decide whether any of the defences
set out in s 28(1) of the TMA apply.

Passing off

39 It is common ground between the parties that the plaintiff must establish
three essential elements for a passing off claim: goodwill in the plaintiff’s
business, misrepresentation and damage.

Misrepresentation

40 In my judgment, the head of claim for passing off fails for lack of any
misrepresentation on ISPL’s part. AISPL must establish that (a) ISPL has made
a misrepresentation to the relevant sector of the public that its business is
the same as or somehow connected with AISPL’s business, thereby giving rise to
confusion; and (b) such misrepresentation has resulted in or is likely to
result in damage to AISPL’s goodwill: Novelty Pte Ltd v Amanresorts Ltd and
another [2009] 3 SLR(R) 216 (“Novelty”) at [69] and [78]; Tuitiongenius Pte
Ltd v Toh Yew Keat and another [2021] 1 SLR 231 (“Tuitiongenius”) at [88].

Distinctiveness

41 A threshold question is first that of whether AISPL’s goodwill is
sufficiently associated with its name or mark, which in turn will be
established if AISPL can show that its mark or name is distinctive of AISPL’s
business, such that the public views that mark as an indicator of origin: The
Singapore Professional Golfers’ Association v Chen Eng Waye and others [2013]
2 SLR 495 (“SPGA”) at [28]; Tuitiongenius at [79(b)] and [88].

42 AISPL submits that, while AISPL’s Mark is a collection of ordinary and
descriptive words, it has acquired distinctiveness through extensive use, as
evidenced by its substantial sales revenue and extensive promotion of its
business, and has acquired a secondary significance in the minds of the
relevant public that buys Indian groceries that denotes only AISPL and its
business. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

PWS at paras 51–56.

ISPL denies that AISPL’s Mark is distinctive and argues that it is merely
descriptive of the fact that AISPL’s supermarket is in the business of selling
goods from all over India. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

DWS at para 32.

43 In my judgment, “ALL INDIA SUPERMART” has acquired distinctiveness through
use, but the level of distinctiveness is not high. As pointed out by the Court
of Appeal in Staywell at [24], distinctiveness in its technical sense usually
stands in contradistinction to descriptiveness. The individual words used are
descriptive words of general usage, over which the court will generally be
reluctant to allow any person to obtain a legal monopoly: see SPGA at
[30]–[31]. Even though the Court of Appeal in SPGA recognised the possibility
of a collection of generic or descriptive words becoming distinctive when used
in combination with one another, it found that the words “The Singapore
Professional Golfers’ Association” were “in essence a straightforward
description of an association for professional golfers”, and itself lacked any
significant degree of distinctiveness (SPGA at [39]). Nevertheless, the Court
of Appeal in SPGA at [40] went on to find, on the facts of SPGA, that the name
“The Singapore Professional Golfers’ Association” (and its initials “SPGA”)
had been used regularly since SPGA was established nearly 40 years earlier.
The name and initials had come to be identified with the appellant, such that
they were no longer merely descriptive of the appellant in a generic sense.
Thus, although the name and initials might have lacked a high degree of
distinctiveness in and of themselves, they had nonetheless acquired a
secondary meaning by virtue of their clearly being identified with the
appellant and with the activities that it organised and promoted (SPGA at
[40]).

44 Applying the guidance of the Court of Appeal in SPGA in the present case,
although the various components of “ALL INDIA SUPERMART” might be merely
descriptive when read individually, I accept that when used in combination
they have come to be associated with AISPL through extensive use. AISPL has
substantial sales revenue and has actively advertised and promoted its
services and goods under the “ALL INDIA SUPERMART” name. AISPL adduced
undisputed evidence that its sales revenue was $54.8m from November 2015 to
June 2020 (before the commencement of the Suit), averaging about $30,000 a day
and $1m a month. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Mr Ramalingam’s AEIC at paras 13–14; AB 23–52; PWS at paras 16–17.

AISPL also adduced evidence of extensive advertising and promotion of its
services and goods under the name and mark “ALL INDIA SUPERMART”, for which it
incurred $395,263 from November 2015 to June 2020. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Mr Ramalingam’s AEIC at para 36; Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents at pp 1–14;
PWS at para 35.

It can be inferred from this that the words “ALL INDIA SUPERMART” are likely
to have acquired a secondary meaning denoting AISPL’s supermarket business.
Nevertheless, notwithstanding that “ALL INDIA SUPERMART” has acquired a
secondary meaning, the degree of protection conferred on AISPL is less than
would be the case with purely “fancy” names (see SPGA at [35]).

Assertions as to misrepresentation

45 The more fundamental issue in this case is whether ISPL made a
misrepresentation to the relevant sector of the public (here, AISPL’s actual
and potential customer base) that its supermarket business was the same as or
connected with AISPL’s supermarket business, thereby giving rise to confusion.
It is necessary to show that ISPL’s actions amount to a misrepresentation that
is likely to deceive the relevant segment of the market. Confusion can be
established by evidence of actual confusion between the business, goods or
services of the plaintiff and those of the defendant, or by showing that the
average reasonable person with characteristics reflective of the relevant
section of the public is likely to be confused by the defendant’s
misrepresentation: Novelty at [80]. In ascertaining whether the requisite
misrepresentation is established, the court has regard to the entirety of the
circumstances surrounding the alleged misrepresentation.

46 AISPL contends that the following constitute misrepresentation by ISPL: its
name, its signage and its vegetable display.

47 AISPL’s contention in respect of ISPL’s name similarity has been dealt with
in the context of mark similarity: see [30]–[36] above. AISPL submitted that
“[t]he idea conveyed by ‘ALL INDIA SUPERMART’ and ‘INDIAN SUPERMARKET’ is that
of an Indian supermarket.” 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

PWS at para 65.

This submission reflects a key weakness in AISPL’s argument. An “Indian
supermarket” is not a distinctive concept and it is not a sufficient premise
to sustain an argument that ISPL has made a representation that deceives
consumers into thinking its goods are AISPL’s.

48 AISPL further argues that there were similarities in the appearance of All
India Supermart and Indian Supermarket which contributed to the
misrepresentation: first, the green colour theme used for the signage and
façade (including, in particular, the cash counter) of both supermarkets, 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

AB 118 (AISPL), 463–474 (ISPL) and 478 (ISPL).

which AISPL argues cannot have been a coincidence; 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

PWS at para 87.

and second, the similar vegetable display on green racks and baskets. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

AB 66–67 (AISPL), 472–473 (ISPL) and 477 (ISPL); PWS at paras 89 and 91.

49 The fact that green was used for the cash counters of both supermarkets
cannot be sufficient to establish a misrepresentation or cause confusion for
the purposes of passing off. As for the vegetable displays used in each
supermarket, the evidence of the similarities between AISPL’s and ISPL’s
displays is scant. AISPL relies on only two photographs of its own shopfront
which show green racks and baskets being used to display vegetables. The
photographs of AISPL’s premises show that not all of the racks used by AISPL
were green: red, yellow and blue racks were also used, as were white foam,
wooden and metal racks. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

AB 58–59 and 64–67.

When asked why different display racks were used, Mr Ramalingam explained that
the green racks were AISPL’s “old rack[s]” and their “new racks”, which they
began using around 2020 or 2021, were stainless steel, as recommended by the
Singapore Food Agency. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Transcript, 21 September 2021 at p 132 lines 3–21.

Indeed, Indian Supermarket’s façade and displays appear to be more uniformly
green than AISPL’s. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

AB 472–473.

Both Mr Ramalingam 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Transcript, 21 September 2021 at p 77 lines 29–31.

and Mr Rethinagumar 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Transcript, 22 September 2021 at p 25 lines 20–23 and p 26 lines 16–26.

agreed that the majority of All India Supermart’s vegetable display racks were
not green.

50 In any event, the use of racks to display vegetables outside a shop is not
so unusual as to identify a supermarket as being AISPL’s All India Supermart.
Mr Rethinagumar agreed in his cross-examination that most of the Indian
provision shops along Serangoon Road in Little India display their vegetables
in racks outside their shop, even small shops such as a few shops along
Buffalo Road. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Transcript, 22 September 2021 at p 20 lines 17–30 and p 46 lines 2–27.

The display of vegetables outside a store therefore appears to be commonplace
sight, and would not give rise to confusion between All India Supermart and
Indian Supermarket.

Presence of differentials

51 In finding an absence of any misrepresentation made by ISPL to the relevant
sector of the public that its business is the same as or connected with
AISPL’s business, I take into consideration the many actions taken by Indian
Supermarket to differentiate its products from All India Supermart.

52 First, the signage and façade of the two supermarkets are plainly
different. All India Supermart is located in a multi-coloured four-storey
building with the words “ALL INDIA SUPERMART” and “ALL INDIA” in green block
letters on its exterior. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

AB 53–56.

In contrast, Indian Supermarket is a one-storey supermarket located in a two-
storey building, with the words “INDIAN SUPERMARKET” in white lettering on
dark green signage. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

AB 463–467.

The signage in front of ISPL’s supermarket also prominently displayed two
logos together with the words “INDIAN SUPERMARKET”: a yellow circle with “23
Hours” in green text within, 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

AB 463, 467, 471–472 and 474.

and the Customer 23 Device (as shown at [8] above). 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

AB 465 and 469.

It is therefore entirely implausible that the colour themes, signage and
façade of the respective supermarkets could have given rise to confusion among
the relevant sector of the public.

53 Second, the shopping experience is different. Outside the shop, in the
exterior vegetable area, All India Supermart uses yellow signs for pricing,
whilst Indian Supermarket uses chalkboards. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

AB 114 (AISPL) and 473 (ISPL).

Inside the shop, price tags are not affixed to the products sold in Indian
Supermarket, contrary to the practice at All India Supermart. Consistent with
the practice of many small Indian grocery shops in Singapore, customers would
take the items to the cash counter to inquire about the price. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Mr Baskaran’s AEIC at para 46; AB 467–496.

In contrast, the products in All India Supermart have price tags on them, and
there are also bright yellow price labels on the shelves and in the shop
interior. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Mr Baskaran’s AEIC at para 46; AB 88, 91–92, 94, 104, 112, 119; DWS at para
119.

The use of price tags is a significant differential because of AISPL’s
customer base. AISPL positions itself as offering very low prices to its
customers. For example, one of its promotional videos, which was recorded in
Tamil but translated for the court by the defendants’ counsel (with the
translation confirmed by Mr Ramalingam during his cross-examination), stated
that AISPL offered “[w]holesale prices at retail mart”, that prices were “very
low”, and that there was “no chance that [a customer] can get any price
lower”. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

AB, item 19; Transcript, 21 September 2021 at p 57 line 22 to p 59 line 13.

In view of this, AISPL’s customer base is more likely to be price-conscious
and would notice if the prices of the products offered for sale were not
clearly indicated. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

DWS at para 120.

54 Another aspect of the shopping experience is that the majority of the goods
sold in Indian Supermarket are SSR-brand sweets and snacks. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

Mr Baskaran’s AEIC at paras 45 and 49; DWS at para 18 and 118. See, eg, AB
497–555.

Indian Supermarket was SSR’s first retail shop; previously Mr Baskaran
supplied SSR products to other shops. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

Mr Baskaran’s AEIC at paras 13–15.

This would indicate to customers that Indian Supermarket is associated with
SSR in some way. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

Mr Baskaran’s AEIC at para 45.

In contrast, most of the products sold in All India Supermart are house-brand
products or products from other brands. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

Mr Baskaran’s AEIC at paras 45 and 52–53.

Prior to the incorporation of ISPL, SSR was amongst the various brands it
sold. In March 2020, when the parties’ relationship soured, AISPL refused to
accept SSR products from Mr Baskaran. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

Mr Baskaran’s AEIC at para 24.

The products sold would therefore provide a further indicator to customers
that Indian Supermarket and All India Supermart are operated by distinct
entities.

55 Lastly, the plastic carrier bags used for goods purchased carry the
Customer 23 Device with the word “Hr” under the “23”: 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

AB 572–573.

![](data:image/Jpeg;base64,
/9j/4AAQSkZJRgABAQEAeAB4AAD/2wBDAAMCAgMCAgMDAwMEAwMEBQgFBQQEBQoHBwYIDAoMDAsKCwsNDhIQDQ4RDgsLEBYQERMUFRUVDA8XGBYUGBIUFRT/2wBDAQMEBAUEBQkFBQkUDQsNFBQUFBQUFBQUFBQUFBQUFBQUFBQUFBQUFBQUFBQUFBQUFBQUFBQUFBQUFBQUFBQUFBT/wAARCAF8AfUDASIAAhEBAxEB/8QAHwAAAQUBAQEBAQEAAAAAAAAAAAECAwQFBgcICQoL/8QAtRAAAgEDAwIEAwUFBAQAAAF9AQIDAAQRBRIhMUEGE1FhByJxFDKBkaEII0KxwRVS0fAkM2JyggkKFhcYGRolJicoKSo0NTY3ODk6Q0RFRkdISUpTVFVWV1hZWmNkZWZnaGlqc3R1dnd4eXqDhIWGh4iJipKTlJWWl5iZmqKjpKWmp6ipqrKztLW2t7i5usLDxMXGx8jJytLT1NXW19jZ2uHi4+Tl5ufo6erx8vP09fb3+Pn6/8QAHwEAAwEBAQEBAQEBAQAAAAAAAAECAwQFBgcICQoL/8QAtREAAgECBAQDBAcFBAQAAQJ3AAECAxEEBSExBhJBUQdhcRMiMoEIFEKRobHBCSMzUvAVYnLRChYkNOEl8RcYGRomJygpKjU2Nzg5OkNERUZHSElKU1RVVldYWVpjZGVmZ2hpanN0dXZ3eHl6goOEhYaHiImKkpOUlZaXmJmaoqOkpaanqKmqsrO0tba3uLm6wsPExcbHyMnK0tPU1dbX2Nna4uPk5ebn6Onq8vP09fb3+Pn6/9oADAMBAAIRAxEAPwD71+O37Q+l/AddJOpaZd6iNQLhPspUbNuM53H3ryNv+Ci3hJcg+GdYJ9mi/wDiq5//AIKPMVg8F4/vXH8kr4ammJk3AdOhr4vH5risPiZ06b0Xl5I/QsqyXB4vBwrVYvmd+r7s/QX/AIeM+EOP+KZ1kf8AAov/AIqhP+CjXg9gSfDWsgD/AGov/iq/PJpuvPzZyfekab5DyRntXB/beMezX3Hovh7L19l/ez9DP+Hj3g3dj/hGdb/76h/+KpW/4KO+DV/5lnW/zh/+Lr87PPxnJ4604TBvUDP41os6xfdfcYPIcB0i/vZ+iC/8FH/BfOfDeuD/AL8//HKeP+Cj3gjIB8N68D/uwf8Axyvzo+0MWyBkU5pwu7Bye1N5zi11X3GP9hYHs/vZ+iTf8FI/A6sA3hrxAB67YP8A45Wbdf8ABTrwRa3Dxv4T8RDaeDiDn3H7yvz6aRtvBOap31ql7CQxw38LD1rannOJv77X3ESyHB291O/qfovD/wAFNfAsx48L+IgPdYP/AI5VmL/gpR4ElGf+Ea8RL9Ut/wD47X5kBmtZSkilCvH/ANetO3vCIz2GDyR7VpUzXFL4WvuLpZFgZfHF/efo5qn/AAUz8C6Zpa3z+GfEDAyeX5YFuD9f9ZWOn/BVj4fOQB4S8Tc+1t/8dr86vFtw7aDpaqdql3c+56Vy9jGWkUDknpkYr08Pj6s6fNJ6nhYzLcPSr+zpp2sup+p1j/wVA8A3jYPhbxIn/ALc/wDtWti1/wCCi3g26kwvhnXwvJ3MIOg9vMr8yNFti8yf73Wu60/NrbnayjfuPUcDmuWtmlaDtGwqeW4dr3k/vP0Ptf2/PB14A0fh/Xdu0Nlkg7nH/PStFv24/CSxl/7D1sgSCM4SH8/9ZX5/6RcKlmnzZIjHJ+vtW02o7rhY3GEknzgdOAK4JZxir2TX3G/9lYbs/vPuiT9uTwbHu/4lGtHau7/VxY+n+spbf9uDwhPv/wCJJrgC45EUJzn/ALa18LSTFxNgr3x2GPWn6XfH7U4L5JIAA6cVk86xa7fcP+y8L2f3n3Qv7cHgtpjH/ZOuZHfyYf8A47R/w3B4L2hv7J1vvn91Dxj/ALa18QwyH7fcOQUKj17/AFp9vGZhGScB9xIx9Kn+28Xo219xLyvDdn959vWv7b3gu8ZFTSdcBfpmGH8/9bWpYfteeFNQaUJpmsJ5Zwd0UXPH/XSviLwzp7tfROykxqo4B+nFd3o9uV+1NjaCeMD6VH9uYtvdW9BPK8N2f3n1jb/tReGrpUZNP1X5zgZji/8AjlXm/aM0BeDYamD/ANc4/wD4uvmHTbX7PBDjaVPYjpzWxqAEcox2UE+1L+3MZ0a+4P7Lw3Z/efRjftCeHljL/ZNQI9ok/wDi6G/aE8PravP9i1IovpFHn/0Ovne5Upp4Jky7YwKffTyW+nsjnbJx8oHtR/bmM7r7iv7Jw3n959C2n7Qnh+8ieRLLUgq9d0cf/wAXUn/C/vD+VBtdQG7gfuk/+Lr550XMdjNjBLginwR+fHHgktuP3gOOtP8AtzGX3X3B/ZWG8/vPoqL46aDJIy/ZtQXaM5aJMf8AodIvx28Ps6qIL7nvsjx/6HXgMcm27kDHqoyOgqKO6fftbkrjacdKFnmMfVfcT/ZWG8/vPoWf45aDborm21Bgx42xJ/V6JPjp4fj5aC/AIyP3Sc/+P14Bqdwrw2p3tjPPPvSTzOIomI5jVjk9xnFaPO8Wuq+4SyvDtrf7z6Ft/jZoFwu5Y7z/AHTGuf8A0Ko/+F5eH8sPKveDjPlL/wDFV4DpbjySCBjJO7p2qK1nE05JG1VB70f23i7br7h/2Vhr9fvPf2+PPhxZNhjvs/8AXJfXH96nSfHXw7GVBjvst0Hkr/8AFV87zXBW4DNtfIxhR05pLiU/aoZAecnBPSo/t3F+X3B/ZWG63+8+hP8Ahf3hoojBL4hjj/Urx/49Tl+PXhxlU+Xfjccf6hfp/er5v3BbGMsMtvPalvL11jUqwHzcZ6jkd6r+3MX5fd/wQ/srDef3n0VJ+0J4YhcqY7/Ocf6lfXH96pW+PnhpV3Fb3HH/ACxXv/wKvmOKRXmmaY4ySdreuatXLFVZm+UBV4zzT/tzF+X3f8EP7Lw22v3n0fJ+0B4ZjVWK3uCcf6lePr81O/4X94YaQJi8ycEfuRjn/gVfMqsZF/eYAGMZxjrUsDgTF2IYKq/z6UnnmMXb7v8Agi/srDef3n0of2gPCyswJvMjr+4z/Wmr+0J4TddwluwucHMH/wBevmS4ujuUqCnBqpbsZQ6t/FzUf29jPL7v+CCyrDd39/8AwD6u/wCF7+FixUTXLYGSRAcfzpH+PXhSOQI89ypJx/x7mvmi3uAqyMgBwpBHpUbXA+1kFTySf0p/2/i/L7n/AJkrKcP3f9fI+nF+PXhFmYfa7j5Tg/6O3+FTJ8cPCsigi7mx/wBe7/4V8sRSDDdQzcj8R1q1HMyxoApO4L7dqh8QYxLRR+5/5lf2Th+7/r5H03H8dPCUiuRezfIcH/R3/wAKfH8bvCkilheTYxnm3cf0r5lhXyXI7b23ZqbzFbjBH0HA5pLiPGfyx+5/5ieUUO7/AA/yPpn/AIXP4W27vtsoH/Xu/wDhUH/C8/CBj3f2hKATgf6NJn/0GvmlpvJjkOQeecfjxVGwO7aQ3IJPzCn/AKxYu10o/c/8xf2RQ7v8P8j6r/4XR4S+UnUm+bp/o8n/AMTT4vjH4TmyV1XoM828n/xNfMCkyshA+UdAB6ipLZvLQcgllxz9aS4jxf8ALH7n/wDJB/ZNDu/w/wAj6g/4W54V4/4mnv8A6iT/AOJpjfGLwiuQdXUHpzDIP/Za+aN21gzsc5G0ZrLuJdzHPLlj8pFV/rHi/wCWP3P/ADGsnofzP8P8j6uk+LvhKPG7WIxnp+6kP/stL/wtvwpkD+2I8sMgeVJ/8TXy7NhreNQQM46jpxRM6tdQsDjZgfWoXE2Kf2I/j/mNZNQ/mf4f5H1DH8XPCUsvlrrMRfGceW//AMTUv/C1PC4znV4Rjttb/CvlqCRY9UGduQD8pq2saPcNnGOee1P/AFmxX8kfx/zB5NQ/mf4f5H1VpfjDSddWRrC9juRGQH2g8Z6dRRXkXwTYG11cBlIWRAMZ6fNRX1+Cxk8Th41ZKzf+Z4GIw8aNV009jx3/AIKRSBY/BWTjm4x+SV8KzTLuJ59hX2x/wU41L7BF4HAXJJue3slfAsniQs3MePrXy2Z0JzxVSSX9WR+iZLiqdPAU4t7X/Nm9uG4EEFR2qJ5VVW45PTFYf/CQL2X5elMfWI2wfmwRXmfVp9j1ZYuk/tGl9p9gTnvUgmG372RnisP+1kOc5FOGpw5yDk5z1rb2D6o5niI33NtpFJ/dn5upx0xSM/yZz+NZK6gjnIzxVgXsLIw3qAeuT/Ks3Sd9h+1j3LUc5PX8hTt25ioIPAA9qz/tyHapcdMdRUq3EfG08+xqnDyF7Tsya7iS4VlJG4fdNZ0bNCpiZMHHf6VeWeJozgYxwamtRb3TLHcJgHo/SldwWqNac+d22MnxNa7tH0zcMKAxA/Gsmxt08xOMsOa6bxP5dwIrezSTyoAR8/NY9np8kcwyCpxxwa9OjU/cpbHhY5KWIbXkbeh5+0REqxUFuK6WPOAMFiFZjjtmsnQbMszZPKp0I/rVy2Z48jriPDA/WuSdpMwUuU6HT51WOMluGUDbxV+6vivlsx5DnkDp0rAjmfbEoACKQpYnge9SSXXmHyzIr5fqGFY+zuyfbwva+p1thIs0Mm59rKWBZx1/zmmaah+aQE4UZ4+vWsaK9aONkYjl2IOa2tHLPZnK5aQZDKfWsJU1G9jVTT2LyzDdNj5lbOD36cV0XhrTRNbqeyKMlhxzWBZ6cx853GcMcDPPFd94StlSGRcfKwX+dcbs2OUjU0XS1KnA27QB6GumtbPybVyeCeOar6fCipIM8qeDWtIwWzCEHLkDrxTtoZcxZhtzHHErMG9MfWnapcGOZHBYDjI9aJJBHeImNihQelVNekMzqqnCgDPSsmtdDW/c07r5bO2Vz9/GCv1qLxBP5kiITjcQMD2qvfXXzW4zwiL9761X1C6E2oRjcNq4xzxVcsuwlUiuptQgW+nv8xAIJC1NojHAYn5GOFz+PFZl5qSQxsmVwEIGT7VNZXixLYnzF6tnnHanZ22B1o9yRpj/AGswLABzgrVuNUZGzneSSuBnp61zV7qCR6kjsykbsda2LXVoRatI1xH90n74GPaqjF22IlWpx1cl95anTzYY0Xquepq0snm2c8kigBYscHOeax21iyXB+1Rk+8g4/Wp11qyawnWO4t/nXk714NaSp1LbGSxVH+dfeibTZXUSQE/JliNwx2qO3uCihuSOeBVK11yxhkJF3bsDwd0g/wAay4vE2nosivfQbucLvFV7KbS0ZEsbh4r3qi+9G15xklDSOpXPKilgmJvI8MNgOQMVyP8AwlunIuTdINp5561HdePNItf37XSCPK5J/HpTjha0tVB29DinnWX0/irwX/byOsl3NGoRsBXPcc1Bfyfucty27I4xjmuZtPiJoMlkxGowrLHL8yO21ue+O9Q6p490mO13Ndrjk57VUcJXk2owf3CqZ3ltJJzxEFf+8jovMbzLk8jCg9fepbi4LW5Oc/cPI56Vw0PxO0WUtGLttxjx9w81ot8RfD0yqP7Qt9+1RhmNN4WvHeD+4KeeZZU+HEQf/byOnVicbfm6E5qa1hPnElvlG0nn61ysPjjQ23oNVtldcEDfjNWH8eaRHkvqULo23JVsDAzU/V6zduRm0s0wSV3Xiv8At5GrNITIw77OtRwMxjLE9Bk4+tc/J400jdKy6jCwK/KMn1p1j4y0e2XbJfQk46c+uaz+q119h/cL+1svt/Hh/wCBL/M7WNRCsu043deKSUBZAy4yzYB/CsJ/HekSyS/8TGJ+ynP9agbxloy7A+pRAZBOTRHC11vB/cR/a+Avb6xD/wACX+ZrGdxOirgjOBkVdj3nBBPyjacH0PvXHr410KSZB/aMRCn+F84rQt/iBoio3/ExhB5IyTzzUSwtffkf3DlnGXq168P/AAJf5m+s7tNIjcKpJJJ5qRJ923D4yePauPb4meHYbhzNqUKsTjqen5VVj+LfhXziv9rwlt+QqoxPX6VH1LEPaDJ/tjL/APn/AA/8CR28g8pT83OOR0zzUdhlk3E7AWI61zTfEjw7eLiHUlldhtOFOM5zge9Qx/EbRIN0YussG2+pz6Vp9QxL2pv7jL+3sritcRBf9vL/ADO2jkZZo2UHoCCD9RUy7ZiiMmHx1zXD2/xG0VmKfbP3ijlcDPX0zSWfxU8OGfIu+nG5hx/Ok8vxP8j+4X+sOVf9BMP/AAJHf38aQrEysSON3qKy5lC3remTk1i3HxM0FkCR365wDhh71nXXxM0ppjKkjMikAkLgCpWAxL2g/uKlxFlUVd4mH/gSO2kmEdqhGWGR0OO1R3UhMsTIxDdRmuLk+Iem3X7pJJZHXBYIhAH40ah8T9HsYo/PeSAA58wpwB/Sj+zcXa/s39xnHibJ+blWJhd+aO1L7tVRiuW756dK1I5C1woC8Mua4Gx+Imha1fQy6fq1rNkAlfNUHpzxXU2eqQXk4eKaOUY58twcflXJKjOLTlFr5HuwxVKsrwmn6NHsHwXcNHrOMg+ZHkZ9mopPgfHE1vrL5GTJH1+jUV+kZU19Tp/11Z8pjn/tM/66Hgf/AAVIjEi+BFzz/pPbP9yvz7u7c7wBnGPSv0h/4KP6aNQbwUMZZftH/slfBepeHZYZJAFKjaDiuPHT5cTNf10Po8vjzYSHz/M4vyyqDIA9BSrhIz/Fn8e9bGtaUbGzjlbagZc/e5znoKw4rh48IV4K7i2elTTo1KyulocWJzXCYapKlOWq3BnBUAZHHFLu8xRsPvkU9YWZG3kbdpKkd6rRQrKxUkpxhcNXbHA1N2eLPiTCbK7sTNIR8ysRj+6aaZguNwfPY1TWN1kEcgb0znij7O8cgVtx9cua1WAls2c8uJaK2iyz9qC4YEkrzVqG9EmRnkjrWLdWs0Dgb38tujZ/rUf7zoXwMdc1EsD0bLjxGpLmjD8TrIP3qk7h98fxc1q3Xk2jB2wqYx8xweRXAbnVXG7BbpzUEiP8rPJnjPNYvL0370jVcSNr3Ya+v/AO/uNcsIWYtPEPkIG05IOKoyeMrZblGxvAXB2LgfrXDMS38Rxn1pyxt24B6lq6I5fTXxHLUzqvPayOvj8cLCJFS3Zty4O5/f6VRfxle3AeKJkt1bAOxeTj1rDKNxt/OrEdqZPnY4PoFraOFpU3dRPLrZlXl8U2aVvdXd9MDLcOyL8xy5IwKuwalJAzTBm9MdqoRxiG3VS2Hc1KuW6nAx+ddMYRvsfKYiq6j5kzXXxFduoKybf61et/Guo6eqpDNsYcYByK5tWG4BT78Vc0+Bpp1/ujnmrdClLSUUckcTVor3ZtfNo6SDx5rs1ysDXjhS24heM/WtWH4haypOy/lUdgHPauW0mFptSlmYeWsaEj3NSwh2JwcHrU/V6MVpFfccVfG16ktaj6dWdbH8UfEkLHbqU2c8/McVowfFLxRMsedTlYq2VXNcoluscClxhpPXtV+xhDeUMqOdpJpxw1N6cqPLrY6tGN41H97O00X4p+IJrwi+1GaTKkrzg8A03UPiRrczRlbx1455P+PNcrPC0N3AewODVu7sTbudw+XPQHmuj6vDVcqPKnj60mpOrLXzf+Ze/4TrxJJlzqEyj7o9BWf/wn2vsCp1S4YbuDvP8AOqnMbbCcKR92qq+XHEyAcisJ0aa+yjoo4qo73k/vZrXHjTW1wr3sznH98/40xvHmsvuIvZdx4GZDxWV/rMZHXpnrVzZEtsDjAzzz7VCpRl0RpOu47t/ey1/wlurSKrPcMTnjLnIpZvEWrbAXvpSWAwu7iqUtsUnCYUrwVk6jFFzGEh8wnLH7oHftmn7OK6GftOayvuOfxHqQJH2ybB6/MaauvagCcXsyD/ZkINZqFmP3T6das2sW6TLH5enIpuK7G11A07TUryVwWurh9pz80hIz1rorzxBJcSLvmfO0KdpIFczHIIbjOARWjYqt07SEZIPc8V10Uvh7nj4pqT5n0NmxuLi4mAkbEHfJPNYera9LHYyWbOzOJdwPUAdK6CYJHCqrwxHPp+Nee6lI9xdOIgWCkk7emBWtaKgkkc+DpqtUba0RoXmoOutRwlzsYpKcZAPHNdF4m1RrXSyEdpJpDuRep2/0FcJfTlvEVsEOw+Wqls1s+JNsNwQP3jYVd2fasea0ZHfVw8JVKV10KUetXe0j7Q4z1K8VC99IrHLbjnGW4NU2lXcSrEYHpU7Ostup3AH3rE9HkjGS0tckXVJvMB3v6/ePFSSa5dsu37RKV7LvOP51l+hB60nzbyQc+2KaNPZQ3sbCatdyECSaYDGRtlYGo5tUuWkwtxcKnvM2f51mNNLj7xU+uaFuQq4dmx6/41VyfYpK9jSbUriMZFzOP+2pqtJql5NlWvJiPRnJqBphLKQOnbNNkVABu+Zv0rP0KjTirXRC11c/MguXwx6Kx/KtGPS9QmVfMun8vGQrOSMVUSNDiTaA2PugVYtdUks5uDuTP3Wzg00le7Kqyna1NK5o6X4PuLidD9oChjnJ68V2MWl6jbwGG1v9luByD39fp+FYGm+IbZFaaR41OP8AV9/wpLjxhcTSHy3RYl/5Zeorrj7KMbnztf65iJ7aLyO5t2Ntp4toQqh23M2ep65zVIXiRiQW7Qljw00YDPnvg1xGreMLrVIfIISGAY+VO/1NUbO+a0w5kOCcYBNKVZXtFaHPHLKnI5TevY9Et8wtvjZhK2cseppjW7WxyFWQHrnmsSx8QeZjLZeuls7mK8i3jBYdutbQ5ZHk141KOkyreXj3Em4xhVAA47VfaZp7NFRyxbqq47etRmzSYMRgNg5qPTVSOPc6hxu2YU4xW8VZ2Oa6lG66HSaDqXlQpE/TbjAHStNZo5bed51V4mbADjoBx6Vz6wLCxaPIyPWsaTxGRO9uVJi3cEHGD3q3yx0ZhHnm24mH4m8F2dvqguraSWKznk4eM5CH0wfevWP2e9FuNJ1bUDPK06si7GPcc9R61ka/5I+H0jrD5nlyK6soGV+XIP5itb4W6ybfVbaWS9Esd1EdsYXac8Hsa+YzqglhZuK1sfq3CGPqrMsMqsrxen4aH2f8C4gbXWSSf9ZH29moqP8AZ/ZmstbOcjzY+/8AsmiufKkvqVP5/mz9wxn+8SOa/bc0dNVk8LlhnyxN29dtfHniXwnD8xjXA2jJ3V9v/tcQi4bQk2/NslIP5V8s6nppeNyF+Xgba8DNW/rc2vL8j67LP90h8/zPn74meHRpujafIiKoywPB/wA5rzS60k2c0EjsHhmUnLIcqcelfTXxO0CS98Dl4o2aSB9xVBhivfacV8+3i28jW5iWFpRLtZbl2WTJBzuycY9xXu5VLmoJ9j8m4klKjmc49Gk/w/AzbOSKfz7dYmzgMN3649qrQ2kl5IUhizg5LdAPc10WoaNHHaw6hZJ5d5GCk1q3Py+oI6g+1IluwWMyFYo3UeWI+FK+pJ6mvoFfqfFe3VnKH9Mx7rSpGhWbG5lPzmPBH/66s/2cJhHIMbTzx3rf1m4tdBiiktbmOWdogvkxuHH1OOtc9p2vSW0n2a42vBIeGxjYapuMWkzGEqtanzxWwtxYRzK1vhSH5jYjBRvTNc9LAYco6/OuVYV6QmnNPE5A3KBkEDOK5zxPpojWK5A+98rccZqasOqLwuNTl7Js5eO38zhD8vU7u1JdLlUjwVKAgnGM/wCNa0Vqbe0E5ABYkAGq837yZWKKg24xiuV20PXhiG5abIx/sZVcE8sO9SwWYPGeV7VrmKGPT4yVaScsSwUZ2jNQxwgMWVsDr6VLWh0/WnJXZCsO3CbQO5zU8cIblelS28L3EyIqbnY/Xipb5Ra4hVh8uc7elJI4KldzlyJ6lOeRmk4wfbFEShsZ5GSOtKnlhRgk560KoK9cH0rSI5vS3YkhUhshSRjmuj0GwMswwANw71mafZtLIi7T6kCu10C3is7qOW4KlcgFcdK6aau0fPY7EqnB23IrfSY7HQrmZh87yhF/nVPT9PN3dR4A2McNnpXTaxCZreO2iXOZHc4AwBmks1t7FRHJhQDkSBefwrf2Tb8kfO/W5cjf2mzPuIT9sETJvEQ2fhVi1twSUHI4IB4xToWwWlBDtJmj7QHbcF8tgMHmhJbnLKcpLl7Bry7beGRQcMTlu+avWzfarK3lUBjt2kepHWs7VLwSWMURxlWLBge2OlXfC1w0scyKAyIA2GHIHqKXN+9aFKLjh07bMz7m3aGdkAyx5qnNEIzn+LPI/rWkx86WQpudc7m46e1VJFEa7ww3HoKxqRvqjelJp2ZAq5XdjJ96OQvQcHrSGYBhzz3FX7DTZNQkFug2kfMz/wB0VzxjK9jsm0leWgyzjlvCIY8EgYYkdAasjw+xYBZN0YONzCrOqXUOjqllb/O4yWYgZJPYmqdnql0JCq8ALk49K0sk7M5uepJc0NIkX/CO3nmDYEZeTz1xTVs3jYhlXJ44HQ1qWuuGFsl8eoq1bzi9YO0aiEAnnuacoxtowVerb31oYq25jZZJCApBxx1roNJ01oYIpGGWk5z2FY93iSRizYTtW7oV8LiFo5XZS3Q5rbDr3jnxUpOncg8UXA02zKEhp5htCDr9TXDSQpEpYklzXRavG/2648zcwTOCxOMZrnbovNyeIlPXPX3qK0nKWp34KPLBJFG6bf4kVQPu7UGK6DxDKi304aLzHU4yTwOPTvXNx2ssevoWwC5Vxg9jXQ64o/tK5YlgN/XrmsNeVnfWtGdO/RHO3DDaQRtJ6baW3m8lSGJKnGMGrNyo2g9O3FZ0ihe/H8qR2RfMrNFlmK4OMjtSrmTcB+PNQLukxtPA7Zq59lYY5BHtVWe4SajuyDyzJ8wPtTXBVSqjt171eO3y8BgO2Mcmq+GBHJJ6YpMmM2yqiMpZjlh1xinRssqnHH41cjbapAB6cYHFK8/kqcIADxnAzU21KlUb0sRGF9oKE9Oaa7nbsKhwMfeGDRNcFm+TggVHk3HDc+4qiVe3vESsjSEsQmOAtWPKHWORGXvg81Xa3Csx3bxnHoRUqxp5bALuPrnpUI3laysxH3EjIwMcU2aY9AMJjApfMVsKg6dSTTZty8Yx7UNCHwzyI25Sdw6YGK6nQPEEtpLiZcqcDjqfauctpY1xkgYqwLoeYSnOOntWsJOL0PMxVGNZcriev6PcQajCWifI9G6iqEjeX5qluA2enrXJ+GvER0+6DMeDwVrqtUvFbLxqCkqBh0NelGrzxPiqmHlQquD2ZbOof8S+QA5YDAya52PCzKuMknJ4qK919IYUt1UtI33sHpUMN0ojMg4kUHknoaxlUUmludFPDuEW2rXNXXvFFz/YsukRSRxQxw+ZNIV3M3XAHPHWo/At0LG+0qXf5buUG2SIqSDx8h/i/GuW8SXltallkCy3EsIXlc49+vWtvw1rSSX9nZ+UgEckYiaNshSDyRnrn2rzcdLmpyT10PrsopShWw7px+0mfof+zddBtP1z7xPmwnn/AHWoqv8AsvkNpOvb3G7zosg4J+6aK5cst9Uh8/zZ+9Yq/tpHUftOW/n3GhfICNsgLenSvm/VLQKrr0BYZ719MftJLvuNEXOMiT+lfPuq24R8BtoOOoNfL5rf63P5fkfaZX/ukPn+Zwvji0ktvA99JFGZZIwCgTGScjpmvmPXraw1iVLq0Edne78Mkg3ZbByGU/55r6r+Kisvw51Iwv5ZRQVYHHO4V8tX15p18qzyNAl5IVFwAhBBDdT2H5V7OSv9xKLfU/IONLxzOE43vyrb1e6OXj1q902b7NdKQ8RxtcbSBngfStNbiw1i1a0hMkMyDdGsmMZJyyr7d8Vva14ZsPEti50zypbq2XO6JiSQB6k84rzuaOa1fLhoZ4zkDkH619E3Ono9T4ii6GMTdP3ZrdfrYuX2nLprZkkUuflCY5qvcKk+njCCKSI7g3ZvanSQSzyRzYdlk+ZS3P61JbhYLhVuNvlnhgeOKwk76nTFuFm3douaX42vbO3EflRvDgK0m07iPqDWxd3UGp6LMJnhh3puQhwSSD+nWuM1G3FlfNEp3QkZX6UxVXdlQAVPSnGtLls9gq4GjJqrT06mlNOreVEsRkdMBE9fepNRtS1xG9xB9mfGx19G/pUNrdJCzXG8CX+HcnShtRv72JomDS25PB2gDd16+tZqVw9nO94rQs6LZiSO9eUrmJCyqep4P8qz4YvtG/ICMO3rRMrCCF9mwspG/P3sGtPwjpqahrkMDtsjIZmY8jAGav4rImd6cZ1W/wCkWLeEadYm7dQJHXbGvcDPJrm7ibzC5xlie44rf8WX8d1qTxWw2W6Hao7AVhBMKQRnj86hqxrhItw9rNWbIY4y3DgD2q/a2qtCHAG/dk/Sm2lt529ifu44PWtjTbfzFZRHk5yBjNaRROIrKKOj8JaSBC104yv+rXPXJrZvrAW9qlwNu1m2EA81f0GyRY4kKkCFMvx/Fim3Jfy5EEW5GJK45Ir01D3LH51WxEq1dzY7RVivoTbXI2XMeRjoSO31qHVdJNvBuDZIOCCaSVi0aXUWRcwja656irEd6+sWG4gFlfBTPOPWtoy05WcT5oz547FVNLj8mJvmUEcrnJz61Rvofs6ltnU45rftfNkwhHlgf3qzdWhG2V2bGwYUDuazqL3dDSlOUp2ZzNwGmI42oDyK27GJotQgETbEnj8vg9R/kVmRwiW4SMLlieRU9uzeewiJZLf5sg989vauDrc9ed6keVaaGhfyDS50ihj2o4+ZWB5NQ/ZYkukinfG/rx90Yq1rzKLZJyA1wX3Ow/h7AVU0nS5NTmWV+I/fjNVO7nZHNCyp88tCvp+htqMymMkKzYDbe3rXVott4fhKRM0k8uSzPjjAPX8a07S0it7cRRjO0Z4GCTiuF8SaoZGNui42Z3sO/PSm4+xV76smNSeOqcn2UZ00j3+otPKwQO+CQeB6102k6ej+eYl3vI3loc8KKwfDNut9qFsrBnUEu6gccDNdbCh3SxIP3jH5do65rKirvmZ2YyXK/ZxRif2VnVDA7bF5eT2Uf5/Wn/bkXIQYToq1Z1yYQzOM/MygFg3RR2/P+VZE1rNZyKJ4ZI2Zd6+YpXKnoRmnLdozherFSZd+zs6gr0YdhVnTYVt7cSFipVuBWZaapJazHYQ3UEN05qeTVfPt4wYgrxnAkH8Q9KunJLVCqU5/C1oPvJjq+oMrA7QjbR6kZNcnezedcAEZjQ8heprrvEV+kLW81uqLI8QLbcdSTXGtIxZiuNp+8DUVXeWh6GBg+XmsHmQN4kK227yhtQbj1xWt4k3LezBFJ+bJHYCsfR183xKrZ4WVWJ9cV0/iK3LatJuc7uuexpJPlN8RJU68PKJy6zsq+Wy8npinJp8l2VEcTsxPatVbBGIHUscYXgV2ek2X9k2TeUhaU+q5Oa0p0XJ6nLiMwjQV4LVnEQeGZ7eMSTHYp6KxwTTHhC/JgsM4wK6zVNLaOXfNP50zHmPnA/Gsu600rn7u7/ZOa0dO2yOWOMdSzmzFktMY59sEdKhMZ+bj5exXtWxJYSrHlk2KedzHrVdrUKuAcn6Vzyi+x2wxKM1flBbqKrSAzPySPauos/Dtxq0kNtZQyXVzIOIYRlq1NV+E3ibR7NruXSJDAoyxRlcoPUhTVKjNq6WhvHEw76nER6ezDe7bU+opWaOLK53H2qzJC029mUlF444qi0PluRt6nIGelYtNG0Zc71YKzSsQakmuTbvHEvReeMc1Lb2Zc5C8LyfSqV2/lTFWBZs8YH/16jXqbwtKVl0HuY8Equ0k8qKhZgykgsV+lQfaH8z5RznsO1Sqd2crzjmq1OhR5RFQc4PPpUgcrgbjnPJqNseXxS5Crgn5sdM1SuRJF2O42Njdx34rqdNunt9Laa5kT7OB+7BI3Mfb2rippUiXkZPQVBHM/DmRtvv0qlJx1Rx1sHHER7G+900l08v3pGOfarNxfS29rLKVUKoBbnqe1ZNnIWkU7hknvXTw20MmqSpMkclvF1WRgBkjilT5m9OpyVowpSXMrpHGR6pJdXRZ9xd/l49zwOa9A0HS7+PWtGE9mbWON8mRcbWYnPb2FZd9o+jC3kuopvJkjO4xx4Hf0rqtP8WQ309jZrBMzq6/vXGF9qyxcOWjO+9j1cuxHtMfhvYw93m18tj73/ZfjZtF1ttmMzxf+gmik/ZTy3h3WTuK/vouOSPuGiufLP8AdKf9dT9sxV/bSOu/aPj8y40TH3lEh/DjNeA6rukvEXB7bRX0H+0YwVtIPGQH4/KvBrhQL5GA+XAAGOa+YzT/AHmfy/JH2mV/7pH5/mch8Rb4aN4J1W4aNT5aZ2HjPIGK+U/EnjW01zYtlYkSjYzjav7xgw+Unrj6c819Q/Hy7gsvh/emY4V5EXkZyd2cfpXyTqGtPq8gt4dPtrX5l2m3XY59weteplMmqT1PyHjCEamZQbjtHe/mxLzxtrVviMeVp6BuI4kwRnufWtLSPI8YW80F7EZZMEiaNhlWxwwHUfQVja14fgt7SOSTUFuruQZKM5ZkHYMeaz7XTbiCVV85bXfyrsSM/QjrX0caji/f1R8C6VKceak+WS62/q5of2LNodw1nfNm1l5jmKkYb39PpVOTTJpHeKKyaYj/AJaRAlT6HNag0W+nt3Da5aNHtzueVvwHK5zVdW19dkMOrM0WMDy7ohR7c4pSXkyoy5ve51frujDuNPnurX5lkQwLkM/AYZ6DiqS28qR7jG+31IJrrZn1ex00yXazOsxwJfMyq47nB61mRajdLExjl8uMnDiQBlPtWDi+p3U8RPk0SfzK+n6W00LSShVgzgf3mPov9ewrqNLiEel3cWFwBwOw+nPWodDs59SkARY2MICu3mDZg+npW7Dp62tjeO5RV3bPm749K2pwuuY8THYluXJfqvzOEuoQulwIflZJHPOeQcVe8Mp9itdS1FxkRxeUv+8x/wABWn4kNvcafbLbbSqHHA61n6sv2Hw/aWqja8xaRmJ5x2qX7rudUKjxFNU7W5n/AMFnLyTGaYsxwCeg96kt4TJKqqcDvT44c5AOT045Nbljpv2aFdwO9+SSKyR7FeqqUbIq2NkTvLcKOh9a7LwPopnuJLplPlwdP97tWNDbfIRzsBwPevQ/Cdmf7HESnb5jZLV24eHNM+NzXFuFJruWrOELau/O6Q5JpjRIsIIXdzxgfpW3JZ+TGq4wFAA44qGa1RYuvJ6rXtcmisfEe0Tdzk9RV2kZYxtXHzdqfDHHHCJLYBGZcSK3r6ituXT0MZ2jtzWfHZrCwlVsr/dbkVzuLTuzsVaMo2Ro2jJJGG2ggrgntXH65cFr1Y8/KrdBW7casmj2UpY5ldj5ceeme+K5K3V7+8UA5kkbFcdepe0Fud+DpWbqPYtWSyyxzyomZLgmKMd8d6tQ2J0/Tbjd/rUTY2Bxk1qaaIdJsomccjk+uM8VSvrpry02puaa4kMjKPTsKz5eVeZp7f2k7LSNytp8T6k0Mdy22OPg9Mn0rqYVWNQ0a+UoGCo7e9UdIsVtZEiceZcyDeR6VYjlN1fmBv3S4O5F7Yq17qu9zlrT9pK0dkS3mqppsdzO0imRUARfXPGDXmk2+fOfmLkucfWt/WJheXE7KrRxDOM9setYkQGxgO/cd646suaR7OEgqMOZLV2Og8KsNLt7mZiPniZAFIJB461LpV5JfXghc/LuLHnqMdP0qrp6J/Z902MvuVQOO+c1a01ks7hJ5eS5Odo6AinF7IipK7k3uynOxulVI4x94kZPvX0Nqnwji+IWjaLfG8+xXws0VsRh0Ix9ev414TJCNPmSMH7wWTdx65xXtPij4hX2kafY2OkXkcEKW6K00O1mLEdM9sCvRw0qcYy9pqiHVUdWYsn7M2p+dJ5Or2bRqMgtGwJ/nSx/sy6m0Y87WrRAeTiJz+XSuZl+I3iO3uJt+s3bgjhfNIx/hXoHwrsfEviqdNS1bWb9dKQ/u4fOYecR/wCy+/etqKw9WXLGD+8r20pbGJefsw3d0sZl8RRZXji2JwP++q4n4nfBtPhz4ft7x9Ya9kkl8sRi28sA4znO419aXV9Bb2zvLIsMKDLsxwFA96+XPjx8VbXxg8OkafEDp9tJvNw/3pG6cegrpxeHw9Gntq9tzrw9SpKagnoZk3hnX/E3iSCGx0Q/Y7ONCr29sIlclQWYsANxz7mt3xt8O9Q03Tb3WdSt/ssMMCLF84y8hIGCPpmuq0P4yLoeoJoEGliR7WKNTcSzYDkqDkACpPiV8Tk8S6FcadfWkKK6q8KxSHMjhsYPHA5PPtWLp0OWT5rv9TzalWPtYqppJJaeXqeJadbtNLEYkUFepfnk+ldAiXFu6oszF26t149cVnw+JLGOMQi1+z7eCFOfxz3qW18Qx7j5UJwerOea5qcorqcFeNWUruNkO1IBpiP4/wC8D+prPkZlVdwzt6kd62Fiiu5FmckD6cUS26b2QgD0I61o97mUanKkmYcNq+rXIEjFEA784FTXug29ugdJyhB+63Oa2rG2aGdMKCvT3ovJomvWSXZvxhdwBIqOSNtTT6xPm916F34T7rfxBqAlvUsPMspI47p87UYkYPFdX4b8Mv4Z1pL278b6fdwYZZIWmY+YCDxgnFUfhu4h127F27G0NlIGVWwe3A7ZxWjef8ITfaWQ0GrQlCQOEds+uM4rtpJRhFs1eIvbY8Y1iaKPUZooXDR72IKn5c57VjXSyRsHByTWnfaQzXjhSyxliELDBPPeq9xayQuN3zenGa8Od23dHtUZwjazuZsk0ywtvIG7sDWfjeAM4PvWjes3mfLtAHXaODVN18tegI965z2aT9266ld4irZG32IpF+bJ5xmpfvHI+U0oxtXkHin5HSpPdjHfaOnAFRCYKwbG4nsafKm3cRyc/WmRqjSAs2SvJpgxnzySKzJ+OaWRhIcEZVey1K7CSQtv6dPakVcMPlyc44OM0eZZb0eJ5LhMLhIzuLHsB3p8msFtSNwSNrNxz2qW6kGl6OIyw8+6GduR8q1gKoxk5YZ4p6xsZRpqtebWmx3OrXol0zybSKAQqheWSTI+nTBJ9q19Au5prPT459bLSq6Kmnxj5R7kiuATUJWj8mKJ7h9jbVHIX3P0rR8Ikt4gtHiYqN6DA78jrWOJqXpyv2N8swbpYik09pJ97/efpr+yPlfC+tDOSLiPP/fFFJ+x7GV8J64TJuY3aZ4/2KKyy2L+qU/66n7Bin++kdv+0arFtJ6Y2v1P0rwOaTbdxgjAyDhhXv8A+0YPl0s9cK5+vSvDGtXkuAUHJHpXzWZ/7zP5fkfZZbL/AGWC9fzPG/2ntYS18M2NuEEzTzl9j/3QOv618xXVxHqTQwt/o8isdsjcALjocc9a++da8M6brQRdR0+2vjGDt86FXI57E1w998F9B1y6LLYW8AXK7YYVH9KMNjY0Yctrnx2b8P1MwxLxMZpaW6nzFovw1mvLGW4IklmZN0XlvlX/AF61EdFjtpUtr2B/LXGI5MqRmvohvgDZ2zbINTvrePKsFjk2gY+lbOl/s7aBdRma8kvdQfJw01w2f517Mc2oJfAz42fBeY1Hd1l+J85a18LWtlE+m3Ilixua2mf5lHfp1rm47JoZXiVQeMsgyMfnX2hp/wCz/wCE47R5pNPaeRj957iU8Z6ferXtPgn4Ut7i4KaBYfdGN8IY8e5olmlNv3Im9LgnGOPJVrp/I+MW8q3tIpbl1khb5Xtt36kVz3iDS7ZnSPTi32YgsqMpPzHtnHPtX3xZfBLwv/Z7Sf2Jpxxu+9brnrXRWfwx0S1sYfK0qyUBQTtgUY469KUsw5tkjrocF/V3f2r9Oh+dHhTRNc+07tP0+6mBI3pHCzBh+Ar1TWPhf4j1qxjSx8P6qVXAiCWjqrcc7t2OfevubRfDFrp9uxito0wq7fkUHH5V0CaPHJNEDhvmZh2xVRxsuVrudU+DMNVqKrObuux+clr8AvH80LovhjUHAIOHQKBn8faorr4AeOo5FF/4fvjs+RWeNSAM4AznjpX6YW+gx+WREgXsP8am0vSTbu28Bm3cnbxjJrKVSVTTmZ6lHh/CYa9o3fmfmppn7PPi++uIoLbw9ObiVsR5UYxnrn096968OfsK6hf2cQ1fX47a5cHdFbW4cIfQkkZ/CvtS2sIvsuIkwGAyw4PX2rRt7dY8kD5s5rWjGS63Kq5Vg6i9+mj4m179gXUtP0gT6NrkN/eRjd5NxF5QJ9jk/rXkD6PqHw91b+wfEGl3Gm3cZyGnGA49VI4I/Gv1KjCtHx1Jx2ryb49fCXTfiV4TuDPHs1Kyjaa2nVQXBHO3PUA17dGrKlJa7nwOe8K0MRQlUwiaktbX0Z8KXV/BCrN5m4N0WsppEm2lpwADk8Zq9e6LHZ3U0YiuGkjbB+0DCj8sfrVG605mhd/mRW6kLgH9a99SbV0fz/KKhPle4geNdir8/mHC5HX3rLuriGHehO5s/dU9KsxrcyXEaQybSnAZuB+VYMl6bd5Ypbcs2T84HJbnv6VzyqabHTRpqT0dzC1y6+0XDA+nHFbHh3RjHp73zqQ/8GOcDPJNR3FhFqF0J1+SIAbo1+9nuK6cXiRxwxRGNYyNoDHjp0wBXFTipTcpHqVq7hSjTh8zM1S03W5CLufGV9xVXS4Vt33OnzDoTTvFTyxm2WMYfYfunjGa5+6d4ZfKabOQOVPH0oqSUJNGdCm6lNa7m8ushfEtu4P7v/Vn2zWlrf8AxLtUjuocDed2SODjqK5GLMxibafMQ5TaMD1rf1jWrfUrCK2ZdkqjezgghTjpkdcmsnUXI+Y3lSanDkXSzMDWrqNrqZLc4idsj0GetUYVBhwQRjP3ahffNIiAfN3K961ZoIrWzijRv3zj5h6Vw7u57UrU4xglqWYlW30VJT964lwDnoBwf501rhGkC/fAGAAfyp98oOh6aobBTeWOMH71U48QlJQQ/OGU4rS5yKKer31NXXJRb3drDIPmSMB2HYntVuS9AkjRnysZUjqc9M1XuguoaPFfOmbg3RDNkYwMcfSvW/A3wji16a11C++TTI1BEXeY9fXpXVRoyrStHqc94+7FruYPw5+Et5441aXUdRaaHRQchgcNN6Kvt6n8q+gbmOy8N6S0spW1sbWPHoqKPSp7nUNP8M6S88skdlY26dOgAHQAV8x/FH4q3XjW98qFpYtLhP7q3HAb/abHU1769ll8NHqzWTUkkXPid8ZLjxRC2nabEbPTwfnZiC8wzxn0HtXkepXCPIGxww5wMVpIPOx5m5c8ZApfE3hmTTfCem6s8kfkXckkSJ8275TyT7GvBrVJYifPJ3/Q6cK4+0ijtNF0jXde8UR3N/4d/s2ZIEbdbq/7xcYQkFjjgdeOlbet+FbW8sbq9g1ApeWhXzrR48bMnAIbPSuy+FfgXXf7b1fWpLmJLDULNUhVZiSTtG0kdsVR8ceDZ/CPhvX7u8u4ZjeiKFEjJwMMTkk/jXqxotU22u55leLnXVRLSx89agpiuHBLE7sA0p1FlVUTgf3am1Wa3T7Oocbc7m9R7VkSapBktvXjpuFeE92ezSpurBXidXpF958iJdS+VETk5IHSt2O8jmcuPnjPA5rzNdUgLljKGJ781s6b4ogt5ASjMnf1renV6M8/FZdP4oJnoEEbiLfv6jKrWTd6Ktz5lyZWWUfMeOM56U1PEi6hCxsceavAjYcgVWXxksMbw3NvKpzztX/69dMqkOrPHp0MSr8sde3U6bwjYzeINSGnwoJLiRcBS20cda9B0H4V6lpesILuw32WcMwcMO59c15d4X1RdY1iKDTYpftGC3ZW4HrmunjutWlaAS/bIlnk8tJG3KrNnGM59a7KE4KN7XMKsOSXvwfp/wAAxNesIoWuLWRWQrIfu845rHgsR52xlkcqPlYAEitrXCum3ksd2czo2HGQxHPeqtrqlpcNII32tjO4jAPtWFSMZSCE5xjomcnrmjxWN40eGEbjIyOeawp7HbkDkV6DqVmNYnwlwoK43FmBHHpUa2+m6ao3z2xfv5soB/IGuKdLXyPYo4+UYpWbZ5vJplxnKRsV9QOKYbeVWK7SO2SMD869SsNQtJpvlmhKjsjjmrU9rYXMTxyxx7ZWwRkA/hSVBNXTOpZzOEuWdNiQ/DLw/DrB02Wy199tv58l4Agh+5uJDbeF9689+IHhO28M6xFBatc/Z54I7hEukCSxhhnawHevdpotDOmtp9vemS1kQl7d57nEKqmBgZxvLc88eleHLp63msINWv8ADSttM9yzPjngseWx0rqr0oqKUUrs7cLjFOTk5N26HKIu1jtGc9u9X4YYbK3NzeHai8hQeTXcap4H0Xw/fNFq/i2wsZ0YfuY7G5fjgjB2AEY75rzjXrxdU1SZxN5lsrFI2VSoKjgHB6V58qbpv3tz2KcnXWiaj3/yK95df2hfPO24IQAqjoBT5lFqwXGW6letVt6ouR2/CnriZWycHrmufXqegopWS2LVjrA02zuVVT5so2lv9n0rtfCa6SlvZeVeTzXpkRmjMaoF55yc5NeYmeMEKuWPeuv8I20K6lZMHDysy5C/w81z4h/upeh30MOo4ilJOzcl8z9Nf2M4w3g/Xm3bv9NUZzn/AJZiil/YvtWj8H+IGIxuvl9P+eYop5c/9lgfo+K/jSPR/j5bm4fSwBztf+leQw6WXXP3WDV7Z8aFLSacegw3OPpXm2n2BLsTkjJPSvmMzf8AtM/66H22WL/ZYfP8zLi04bSHUYYYHFZmm6b5d1IU3bixHtiuukt8x46/Wq2n2YZ23LzyTxXkJ6nrctznr7S1a6Qlf4R1Famm6eVhYuOp+X8qsahbhpITjCAVrQ2qLp4AG7OOcVpcTjZlKPSNmkleWG7IDH3qa3sR9quCcn5R8oq/97TVKjuOv1qzDbjdM2c7gK1jqZWKNlYq9qQykICeM1emsUEMCHj0/Krlrb4tyq9TmrjRbFiB5/CuqnE55NJ2MuxsSyuXX5Sw71sWtiAyNjLDNT29urbsir9vbrvTucda76dM5ZzSEt7PyyQRgls8fSrccIP4Hip44PMZ8CrcUIEPK85r0IUzzZ1CGGybaqqdvNW4ozHjOCR2P9asQrtUdvT1qvJIokK9SOuOa6opUzj5nJlgsBjbxg9qzr5l8phwR35GalmmVWwOlY13cDypmY4ARievTHWpqVugez91tn5rfEvRdYm8da9LZJD9je7kKLHdYwNx461wN9pGuhisiSK3tc5x+Ga9u8Y+Gxq2rajJjyN9w5Ywnhhn3rn4fA9rasQkrb+zPg4/OvdjTk4LVn8nYrFctebSW76efqeWQ22txLhXuQD12ykk/QVRmhuDIwZrjfySZX2kV6BrWnpps7KrEOuCpjGGJJ9qz4JmVWjuWidFOQs3zEd+CelZeyk+pjHFSavyo46EXyviJLglhg4f/wCtU62erMVKRzDHGfO6fpxXSyXaW5RArICudzjnB6HHYUmn6kum+es0+Fk5C4yTUqGurNZYmTV1BHLzafqM0h8xZGbHdzUX9lXcYPmQtjry46Vvan4i+0CNLWNowowSQNz81N4f8N3Ot3nmXCsttHy5c4z7VlKN37rbNo4icY800l/XqYtvY3dqu4W8qiQHBMmART20+TymtVhkVt48x/N+U55APauk1KeFtPeUA+XbswTH8Z6DPNQ6Tpc8kiXt0u1idywZ46cE0pU5XUYu5CxTs5vQwR4bukmxGwDDjKy55pz+HZbVszxZHfa2a7GSzW38ufdtllJw2OMmrgsz8qupMqglqPY6tXMZZhUerOBk0ia58pUSQqowFzx1+tSf8IheyL8kPIHOWFdR9pDn92+yNSVDqOM+lQnezFQ2dw7tjNL2fmVHHVVsVm0iS30KKxESM3nGSVmkP5CvqrRG83RLKTEcS+SuFzx0r5gt4ZJEfAbcDg8jpXa6748nvr2BUEkempGqLCxAPA5PHWvVw1ZYdOVrkLEOSlKTuz1HxZ4NtfGCiO41IRW6ciJXXGfU5rlIvgl4Whl3XOo5TqQZowKwY2S6hDgiWNh0K1iah4bgjEk1vEq5B4A5H/1qtYinWm3Onqc/1qF7yjb5npdr8PvBvMdg1rekHGFuI2P6GvIf2kIZbPVNC02Oza3s4YT5e0fKWYgED6AfrWa9tb2YDCFPtDSARrCMOxz0GOtdl8VreC28L+GDrQk+0Rj5o2fdIAMHBOetdFScalKSjFI9LDVI06iqxiZ9n8T9Y0jTZ4hrMelW9ofIjhW2DOu3jDE55PtVfUPildeLPC+uw3d0NTtLO3ScTSxKrebvAHCgADk/lUOvfCuX4iXNnq+jS+TY3/zyB8nyWH3twB/lTvixpWl/DH4c/wDCPafL515fSL9ol2jc+Odzeg6YFc/NWtKU5e6l9/odVCFKUoxu229trHiN7dQ3DBzKhJ+8FB9fpUObFkBaVt391V4rOcFfvflUTSfJ05zXjban2CpaWTsb0N1pEX+tWWTbzhQOfrUc2oWMkhMVvKqjkLvA4rDZztDY68etP37RjGDjqDVcztaxPsI35nJ/edHp+uWlmRJFZ/vRyHMucVem8TX+pTbktmZvVBn+lceu6PadvA5rUsdfu7Mjy53hQdkOM0udrRs5qmEpv3+W782z0j4a6lq1j4xsJXspJlZtrxKyqzqQcgZ716tLq2jNHFaTWmp2ywXBn3vJACrZzjhumRXh/wAO/GH2fxtpFxqd4EtY7gF5JjgJwR1r2HxB8WfD1jczJJpNrNE7nbcPCzo4z1BK4OfavVw1WMabcpW16o+TzDDVPapKC+SZzrato+o/E+W+mkQafJz5d428eZjrtXhhnsa2fFlvZSaNevqEuj/ZUt3e3+wRfZ5zJ/D8qjBHsc1z+m6p4V8T+MvtjabDBbd4IBtEmAOg4wa9RuZLfUfD+oJ4fktUdeUtXtDBL5eOUJcncfcYrqpRVVT1Xc5ZycZx306PQ+XrXxBb2se6NbiKQ5G7AK/nxSf8JBpcqlp4i0nXcAQf617Rb6TpOsWexoI54iSTGw+63ce1YOr/AAp0a4bFvE1m/X5WJB/AmvKlhai+BpnoU8ywcn+8hKL7pnmc17pmwS2975Ei8+XICD+GBUNr4wvpL2HBhaJSMq+BuXPTcRkV6pD8EdDWx0xr2bVGkvDt3W0AkRDnA3Y5Fcx4i+GtrpGrwW1gtxewyjzYvLgYy/K5VgVGehB56U5YevTSlI9iniMDUjazl5ux6ha3lnJa280kccE7AA28OsQqy4TJBGOpB6Bs+wrgvCml+GdQ8RN/aN8hgmJBR5htXnoW7D3ro9e0HULXRbm7vBa/Z/Jc289vpcovXYrjLZGIyOhYjPpXkngrwzqF5r0aQ2sWoHPzW74IZc89eK6a0nzQhy3PNoYWl7Oc4z5bdj3CXwr4Vure2h1LTvD8U8twsW+DU9zC325Mm8ucEY6Ec+leI+INEgt765tbKaOa3V2ELRuDvUHg1d1rRdU0rXr6z/4Ry2UhTMkUlurFUx97g9MdxXB/ZyzchVGTwOn4VzYipzaKNrHuYSjpdVLrTz/U0/7AuCXDIoQfeYsuRVG4iNrayoYirM2EY96YyxqGZsIi9d2c1WjY3V0CNoX0I4wK4JNrQ96hTlJ3k7pE+n6TcXkbyogEScF3IA+nJ5P0r0zwh4bt9PaxZpYvtLzLuj35c89PauBkutQ1C2TC4soWCgRRhVUntx1rufAbPNrVqZV2JFJxkd+M5rhxclGhJ+R14T2lXHUVJq3Nt/mfpB+xrEIvCPiHf8rHUBx/2zWirP7He3/hEdeZT96/Xt/0zWit8r/3On6H6Ji/48j0z4uR+ZLp4PTDZ5xXC2UC+U4HT616D8UovMnseM4B7VxEcPl78A4Pavlc0/3ufy/JH2+W/wC6Q+f5lWa3B2lR2zzTbGMfN9fSrjKNvPAFR26bVPpXkQ3PU6FG+h33KBQTgdOwq6sO2DoANtQNua9wO1X2UCL39BWqXUJPRISOD/QwuB246Vdt7bG/gE446U2NQ0IJ64HSrsKjJGf4fSuuMdUccpMatv8AIc9OvFWJIv3acZpu3bD0OfYVajtyxxwBjua9CnTvqjklLqwtovMwF45rZt7UIyjGeOKqWtqQ2eOuOK3bW3DRgt6d+tenRp8255uIqWEih2/w9Qe1WYYMrzgc1IqhFw3px704SBvmUAHFekqcVueXKbZFcBYVHT8qzpF+dmPpVy8lDEc855xWVc3Hl7gMYrjrSimb0YtjbiQMcA4PqKxdUuCtnchAGbyn5/A1ba6LZzjng1znii6FnoeoSr1S3kYdiPlPevOc1KSR0117OhOT6J/kfCfiDUPEiX16WhjMe5ipj571gTSeIb9iz5h3AKo28j3FdXfzCS8MaTmKeVDIehyM1S03XjqF20SL5zIcNMowoXHfPevtafvJK5/GVao5VJNLco6T4Ze0b7VqExubo8L5nIWub1CMztPI48vDEHAxzW/rmtr9tS3WcNg84PQ5rnfEcomvI4oV/c7Q5wRnNVLlhHTUwhzSn2MzUmIZZPvtt2kdOPWsRw0k3fOMk+ldDdFbhSOxXado5rn4/wB2HXJz0yRXDUfY9Wi3y+Za09rezj3yn9+G3BjmtW48Q3My/YbQs4mxny15PtWFa2kl3KBgkAYJ612Hh+3m0sq1gsc1wVy6yDoPQHtTi20kRU5Iy5nqyK403yYba0+UGMiR1YdTnpXUq8NvZwCYCNJNwbfgEEDgZrB/tq8W+knOkqTIeN/zYI/+vWJ4o1a6u7orLIqbRjywMAHFXKp7PVHIqU6rSYzUvF3nXMZaBDbxyZXaxBOPU5qebxxcXeBtijBGBt6ge5rlVbziI34Y9f8A61Rc26sD2Hy8VwSqzbeu57f1SnoktUdho2r2ul6bd+bG1zIzZjjzjGe9UZboT5mRjEc7cqCRXMR6pJbMe4x91qu6f4kSAxYTO07jGeAW9aI1NEmN4KeskrnZabqHllYUH2iQjaQ2ck+3p+NVb7ULzzvs9mkXmqMOJWGU9sE1naN4sQXkSLbqJ5JADIepJOOv4177o/wR0a51BL/UQ1zIRv8AJRyqZ9+5rvo0qmIfLT2OSOHdOp78NDw7R7nxeuoCGGxurxW6wwxFvxyK9i0P4b67qsaS6hcnToiP9SoDSj69hXsOl2VnpMK29tbxQwKMBIgFApmrzwadDJdNIBEgy4zk+1e3Sy2EXzVJNmtajTqL2jilY4vwz8L9C8MXzXcFmbq+zkXNyxkKn2HQfgK8h/aM1V7rxrpemSITDFCshPYl25x+Vema58V7SxyLewuLls4yx8sfXuf0rx/446lHrupeHNUiGJJYsGMuCQA3Qn86nFVaPsXTpNdDTB1YVKvLe+56h4R8A+IvCdhiy1W1ks5kLJb3MbHZkfKeO4/WvPfih8ObrR/CeraxresHXLuQoIx5W0RMSOc56YyMVT1bxt4+1q3tP7OlfTLUKOYiMsPyyK09N03xFrnh3WrXW9Ru7+2+zeYRcHIUqwII9Oh/OueU6NWKpxi9Fp2/MmnVjRak5Lfbd/el+p86PDuUsBu9jVdkK9PXpivSrzwDb3UKfYz5M7ZB3kkH/CuIvtNk02VoZEZXB9ODXhyjKG59VhsdSxF1B69jKMJOOCT34pfL28MelaTKscZ4Iz1xUEnU7R+NRc71Ub0KWx+ScBcdqRMdSMkdKuMVjwcdB2qvu8zLKAATzzT1tc0TbOm+HumQ6p4z0i3lh82J7hS8bdGA559uK+hfEPhvXvFOheIdNv7S1ePeraUYtqmMA89/T+dfN/hGzvL7X7S3slD3srbEUtt7HnPaty6utX026ubO8S6xbytjbMWPB6ZzyK7qGIVKDi43T8z57HUpzrKUJJNLyvvujR0Pwu3hP4laPpuv7IUaeNpCZRs2nkAsDxzivc9L1rxNd+IL+x1/Ro4PD8YkK3OwLHGg+6VfP0r5z8JxxeKfHFjb6gXa2uJsSJuJJABO3P4V7VfR6ZHosdy/hvUJY4i8cOlmSZ4iVPysynt04xXXhZuKco7L+tdDjzCycI1VeTS/pamRo2y11i5s45FaOUmWF15Bz6etXLyO5jy7Hae2eAfoTXKfDPxrDp+sNNfWzrPD5gi8qPc0YPZQe4r1m78SyeKNNvYbxGePy1NsRHtG7u3TIPrXRQnCrG6ep83isO6FRqpuafgLVBb6P50975QAYGKOUIzEnAAJ6dzmvL/G+o3a+JGurHVJ2e2/dRvE4GYwfuArXV+FdFs7uGaHbeR30REjvCgdSo6HBI49q5rxtbbPEVxKqupaQEB1CNnvkDgV01G5U7MdCo4Wtt+ZueILfVNQs7qcr4xs7aa3ZjC32ZYFG3nrNvx9VzzXh+g+IIdF1Ik28slhNE9vOqyBJNjjkq2CARgdq93164s9HtLue9m01LqSMzKjTyA+Y0e0kjYQQRg4zjNeH+AZrWPxEBdNCq7XMTXUe+NZD91mXoR1rzMUrTjZ6n02EqKVKU3HRE+h+P7fT9B1Cxu7d5pIreS306580F4436ow/iHHXtXn8MjNHjHTkjivaLxNCurfV7meyg0/VYbKSKSN4PLhuGJG2WHsrdRgV45LZ7zvg3A46etcFZONru57+FqU5qTSs2U7uYktGqc9STUcduyyA+w46VLJblpAGypz0PFaul6O+tXy26yxoSAcyNjA9vWuS12ezKtGlS30NCO8kk0e3tbW38m3jcO0inLO31PevR/COliy0vTZDGVaRmkKyY3EevHWqOoaTaaVa6Xp7SfuUkG9I/vNwck967LTWj+3WqQFfKSBguCfYdK5MyXs8NN+RxcP1/rGZ0FBWTk2fc/7H6hfButKuBi9XOP+uS0Un7G8xk8F65u4Ivxx1x+6Wit8sj/sdP0P1rFfxpHqfxO/4+LDr0Ncaqja309a7P4lruurAn7oVq4xlPLV8vma/wBrn/XRH2eW/wC6w+f5kEihhjHamwRsSckAY5FLIxJHY45xUlr905JINeRHe56z0VyqqgXh4z05q7INq5P5VVXb9pLcgg4FXGwygnkYq4Naky6FiOE+X1INTRsQxIqFSP3eAeeMVat4185tx7dDXoQtsckurZZjz9nUZ4Y1oRqfMA25yoqvHAJI4uw47VoDYsqEnnaMLivVo7Hm1JIntY++MDPFaqg7BjoMCs2S5js4WldkVFUszMQNvvntWRZfEXQri8a1ttYsp7jKjy1uEYnPpg816dNqCuzxq1WCfvNI6zO3knPFV5LgZBzhWFU/7U81C+9QMHhee9VX1BJFiKgtlcjacjr61nUrX0QU4czLlzMEYHOAfas24fJbmkurhjIN3IP6VUkmLbhngV5lSpfQ9GnCxFJJ1PHWuO+I9ybXwnqspPyi1fvXUSTbSoBwd2K86+Mt0LTwXdxmXZJcL5Y3Hk/NkgVyUpc9aMUcub1I0cur1JdIv8j4o8UXE6eJZJ2+SPy1VW6A8VBaMbG3njywScgttO2uj8ewRtpTyfKk0S/L3JrlVk863tyx52A+tfoUVyux/GFR6XTK89jGY2aEbpA3Y5FVLiwv5pleAGQ45x1q/wCcLNtjnKlvXitaOS3iWGbzUGevI4/XpV8sZLsQqkoNdTDi0a8a3VSCknIZhzkk+tUYfDciTPLdP+6j+Zgv3j7V0WoeKLURrFbq0gU7i4OF4/lXNSXlzqO9mIWJjk7e/wDjXNPkWiOqEqu70uT6XeKjRx7FV1J2RZxnr1+la9lem1sXmIWLjBI69a5O3Vra6ZiT8uRu9fzrWuALrTIolYhjln2jgKDxx+NY86iazppyXZieJPGVw9vbmzt2WzDFVkPVmHU49K5GW7uLyVpMOSTlmCk5q1Y6be+IJpbZQ9wluf3cPJwD2A/wrotO+CviG+/0m2tBFu4+eQoR+FeBicwjT1rVIx9T6fD4WjTXJCLb+85C3mWa6jTJ3scDcDVmGM3kgihjaaR+AiqSTjrivQ9K+C+vabefaJIUZwCIkWddxYjGcHr1qLT/AAvrXg/XrBnhmgMYlAklGUBZSCeRjvWGHzGjip8lGrFvyZviaPsVz1ISS6O2jPMLqz8zcABnOCM9KyOReLGuCCdu5jXY6hYtb6hqVkXUkZZXx1B5BP4GsHYslmqKrAZA3BehFdntWtGjpw8rK260/Er2u+2vF8wFTHIPujJ619n+EfHej65Yx/YdSt5bhFANtI2yVTgcFTz+lfJVxpbYW5k2wlgGVc8nmtibwnPJcC/hu2RzyrrncG9iDkGvZweN+qy1V0zzsTVoVbc8uU9K+LXib4l2s0+yL7NpC8ibSMtkerHJYfkKT4Y+Im1D4W+Lpr29neeIqfMkySOByc8msbw78QNd8MyKl9cLrVmBho512yr/AMD7/jmu703VvCnjPS9V06zT+y7m/jAuIsCN2PYqfut/OvWo14VqjlCevZnHUqwcOSSVu6/yPLJtUkvLVXjvMlcDHm4LfTms+fTf7S1C1W/ikLNIoWZiehbpXV3XwB1C1kV7LUIrlFOSrJ5bY9O4qt8RLf8A4Qez0FZJGF4ysZoUfKYBBA//AFVy1KNRa1IWSOSEIxqKOHle/wAj2xdR8KMsXhvz4454kVTGkZ+VsYxuxjP41i+PtS0vTfDeoaJo3+k3RTbMy5JA6kE9zUv/AAlXw90Uwzaq9rbaxNHHLMvzlt2AedtMuPGXgLVrXUJdGa1fVJIHOEjkDPwc/eABr2ZSi1a6T2JlSm486S9fI8ehzplmku4NE3zZ7/SqGtaDbeII2eN1Erdwea5zWvGC3hEUCNHChICt1/GpNN8SETIzSKT7ivA9rBvk6FfUsTS/fLSRi6t4bv8AS2EUsRmRz8ki5Oa591Mfy9OPX0r2G5tf7XhmjkuHELLlRGAMH8q8x1jR5dMuHgkGGU8HsfeuerS9nqtj6LAY36wuSb95GPztzkYxk8U2NMggnp0xzUjJ8/HIxjpxSwnGSORnGOtYX0PevodT8L7iLT/H2jTzyLFFHNvZiDwNp9BmvQ9Y+KEy6pdmLTfDvkLKQJJIGLkZ6nnrXD/CUB/iJo24ZxIT/wCOnFetaj8M9fvPDt3bx6XbvcT6ubkRtKoDRYxuJz19q9bDRrTptUnb/hj5rMHTdde0XRdu7PI9S1S+1PxytwdPayu2IWGGxgMbg4wCq9cmut1HQfH2m21zcSXGpXCxxb2gScNIg9WAYkYp/izVItD+OEN3eQyulnEgdYAGcfu8ZGSB39aseGbnw9p/iV7/AE9fEtzfyJKTFIkG1sqc5O/pSjRg5OLlre29v+HCq7xg0re6tN/l5HC/De41qPxRFLpMD3WpR5YJvAJ/vA5616rqt14/utP1TUEDWaocGyN2rlVIyxB6YHoTmvKvAGjzeIPFMwhvpNMmjElyLhT9zac847V2HjyPxVJ4amiudMW4tpHEz6vZ7dtwFGAW2EZ47kZqKN405PW3kXi4RqYiMdL6b/8AD6nU/CDxVJ4iuJUkjZZl2qGljZoncHhdwHyn3qT4qK2k61ZOyKIxHse3gLEKB0+dup/wrzv4M+JL2115bG3e6+zyRvuhsySzORgNjcoyPevRPHrXUegQDVX1ho1lwsl9BEiZI/2ZWOePSvQpzdXD67rqeLicOsPXcILTsb018useFLa4a/ks47q1KJG2nxzpkDH3jyORXjHgDS7rTfGRDQXUn7uRI5LWP94pI+8mSBkD3/GvV/htfvZ6PLaNKWfcTDuuWi+UjgLg4yTkc+tc9a3S6T8R5NMtW+2iRygWWTj5xyrMP5inUgpyhOTszOjWnThOFNXTNbUtNubzTbjQ7mfVNTdNPZz/AGlAAJGLZD4LHBQdwSa8lt/Ad4vCxGYdN23Fe9aTfDSbqBHudMe1uvNjs7ORpPNBOR8j7cAHphsZrhRqVmkjL5+yXcQY+hDA9M0VqEJWlLclYzEUofu9meeX3w9vrhc7NjgcDuTVLR9Du9LvL0XsPkP5S7XkQ/N8wzivVn1S18m4eRvIeEFpI5CNy+//AOqvI9S8WHVteluGyLZUZEUE9PX868qtClTs0exgcTjMVCdOUfdSOrt7yztNQsYY5VkIlZ5J5ARnjqT+Nd0shmvosHK+UW/WvNvBqLdanaSuzSq0L/K4wq84/pXoWmIltq2xFyvkFVGcAc14WbT/ANjkfWcL07ZzSjfZO/4n3J+xYu7wTr7A7h/aI5/7ZJRTv2JSr+BdfKfd/tMD/wAgx0V25Wv9jp37H6xin+/l6nrvxIx5lme+DXE4DN1xXafElws1kCOxripNoVyM4xXymZStip/L8j7PLV/s0Pn+ZRnyrZHToamhcRox/lUEmWXBP3qs7Vjhx3xXixlds9uWyRXiYM+4DBJqw3zbR0PvVWE7XORt54q00nzLkd+BVQZMlZl0NtkiGcnPPpV+PCs5GBx6Vns3zA9OelTedwfWvRjLlZwzjzG1A5VYc9PY1bVv9IDFd38Oc9Pesq3kP7seg7VbN4YZMEjBJ6n2r0qdTQ82pB3sj5o/as8cX0Piex0AXMkenLarO8SsVEjHu3rj3rwlNUK/dk2j1Vufzr1f9r7w9F4g8U2s1letbamlogeJs+Ww7D2/Cvk6+vNX0G4+zXSyQEEgckq307GtmnN3TP5p4jnWlmdZXvZ9z3fS/jZ4k8Mxi3h1mZ7XHEcrb8fQnmu78G/tPalDLHHdMs/3crnPfk18pxa5JqyiBmRZMfeYhRwPU0yG8kgkZUm6cHa38sVtLD+0V+bU58v4izHLXyJ80V0f+Z+kmh/F3TfFQQpKsbE4EbHBJwM10i6lGxOZF4UkjcCOtfml4f8AH1/pF4jLMwCNuCgnP1r3fwL+0nFar5OpSjCKFLY56149alXp7q/mj9myvivA4yCjUlyS7P8AzPrWScfKVz8zcYryn40XqTabBbggvycA9BmqX/C+tDhs5JvtDSBCX2hDkDHWvn3xp8ZLnxN4hheRsWwyiKnQDPB465rqy/Dz9vGclojy+L+IsHHL54WjPnnNW0s9PMg1yCKe6vIWKCPyvm4J21xSXcDRbYwdqtsGK0/FGrOtrI6Ny/bqDxjNc9Z2t3/Zy7BsaTnczDp6197KTvZH8zqKkud7NjLq6jkYrJIo7bRk/iajhuoV+WSUNGvO3HvWqulxW1r5k5ViucA5Bcn6VQsY47vUCscEYTBB49KwcZKzZvFxaaV7Irw3f2nUEAiBjY7eE4Az3rSvJFjnjiTadgxkDrmoZrg24BVSuH+XHH6VF9oeaEjywpJ4Y9z60lorMqXvWaRZj0MzWskzsftDDKBh711vg74Z3Wr25muyYYCckJwWFdX8LdGtL3TXvry38wRnyreOVePqRXoMFukAxGoVQOg4r8y4jz90Z/VsHLXq1+R9ZlOVutH22I2eyPGbfR7Pwr8VtOtraLy7d1CjPc/n7V63aQ6pevLcLfW9pGG/d27RbsgE9T615x8UVFh428PX4+VPMUNt78j+hr1zR9Ei1a6hvYYyiY3NMWKkDpnkgGvzvNI1MVCjUWrat31ufp+Q1I0Ks6UYc0nt7qlt5P8AMy/+EXt7yBZrxpP7Qmy0vzFQvPy7fwrs/Ctnp8l3Y/bXlkvJQAWmRdoGMA8dc4A/GnweXrXjCLTbK4hnukgJxJGcngHoevXoKydcuLe8t7UpaSxX0DPDdWsbHbG6nqG44PXHauGm5YF+2Vnyu3br09D6at9axqdPGRtFSW6+FW6LTT5njX7SHwxi0fx5FPp1osEOpRiMuq7Y1kOR24HTP414V/Z7eG/tdtqEQN7by5EJ6N2z9K+mPj/4unv9E0ATx7Tb3KyO27PTGBwcHgV5v44j0a4164S60czSz2izveLKxK9lGzIH5c1+p5fmiqShJP3JJv0fY/L8ww8I1KkY669PI8lt7a51u8QKwaWQ/M3XYK9BaS18Pqts1wp2KMmTOScdcdqyPB1xCzTW8cH2YLJ8zFeW54B7+te1eIPhQfGUdlqVlcRwTGEJJHMuUfHQ8dDX6Hh8I8RDng7nwuJvWqui1ZRPCtQ1O0N02LuMhvmODxVOS4s5GWaG6jRxz97B4+lewXn7Ot9ecNHZiTHLJIVGfpisW8/Zp1ZY8Wz2olb+Frg4H47a1WX4hO6Q6cKVteZfcc74d+MGoaDcxrdXY1a0+6UnfLqP9lj/AFqv8fJU1ibQtdtpWazu4yipn5VIIOPrzWra/s2+I3kxc3um20YPLLKzkfgFqP45aND4R8PeG9GhkE5h8yUyMOpJGTjtzXd7PEQoSjWvy+fe56NFUYYiDpO71v8AcchoJ1bxfqRhttOvL2fdiSYJlFHqzdBXrFh8LpPDuk32rahIk93DbyPHawHIU7TyW7mte18bNfeCoT4It7PVLiCIedYhvKeMgcny+M85ry/4k+Mtcm1CLzLuezure2jlNmpZUy6cgp0PU9al0sPh4qpK8n+By+y9pVSjHlX3/wBI8fYs5dmyCSSMfWo5Lg9enbPeo5JGl3HGep+lID5kY55U5rxra6H2rijX0/X7uxcSRXT9OUbJB9sV22nXFn4z01oLjy1uF6EY3Icfyry7djnqT1q/pepSWcwmhYq6nP1HpW1Oo4uz2PMxmBjWjz09JrZl3V9GfR7xoJl3HswPBFZoQMW6KfevTrWay8aaV5Mi7bhB83ZkPt7Vxl14an86aJQQI/4jkCnVpW96Dumc+Fx3MnDEe7Nb/wCY/wAGSWsPiTT3vHkS2RyZGgbawGDyCOcjrXrUvgG3aNdb1DxtdzeGtymKSKZi8uf4ODwe3r9K8n8Kx3Wm+KLJILSK7vPN2pbzfccnjB9q95luPHWmww2VloXhu4iuJAssVnuKRN1/eZIA4+td2BipRfMr29f06HNjpSVVOEkrruv1PIL6HSfFXxEkjtNNv0037ot7WXdOwVeu5s9evNdJosGiaTeCfSfD/iOW8mtpTELuZBGV2kM3IGQMetTw3DWXxqi8wQ3kjRskkekwZVW2HIVc849a6PU9Z0PwvFayXEfiKGSxs5raP7RprKkhcH5mJ46mt6dO7lJtJp/5CnUlLlja6aR5L8M7eW91rULeO7ktXe2kz5KK8sin7yICeSa6vUvBsen+G9VktLzxBpsUcBZ11IbIpMfw9uTnpzXN/DOHSZtXvGvzB5yQtNareSNGjSA/dLDpxnFdHqUnhnXvDeq363jxXcduR/Zd1MzKkmfvxknnjtzWFJQ9nra+vU2xHM8RpdLS+n9fict8J/tMet3T28AeBrSRJGeURBVOAXDnOCOPzrq/iVrsE/hMRlomup5oy7x38c6qVXGUUfMM9ya5X4UQhr3VLg5EdvaN+8WLzSmSOdmRnpVTx5qNtcWcKQXMU5D5JGk/ZX6d2zyKhSdPD6Pc6Z0/bY9abW7nY/BXxI/2i+sZzMJng/cXMcJmaMg9dozxWr8SNGg0H7Fr8Gpq2qKcyK1m9ubhgeGXHy5AIzz71598O0Ekk/7u6eKOEOz2l0tu/J4BdgeM9h1Ndx4887S/CtrBLYztZeazma7v1upYXIHyHCjbwc45renNyw75unXU8zEUlTxb5FvutP6/Aks/i5f31vGX023dlO22u3tgWE3pnIG7n0rzjVLvUNFvp0vo5EkeQswbhgxOTmuw8LWejXXh2HVNVuo9OsbWdUguLYkSyyA52kDOO3z8EVieNNaOp+Jbo3lqLeK4xJGvmmXcP7wc/ez61lUcpQTctTahCmqkoxhp1+XYxLnVpb6F5BK77l2HJzxXP21wsbmFuVkIVsk8CrV3ZmxdjG7eU/T6VnXTHcGBy2ea8yd3qz6LC04JckNmd54At3vWIaZUS3/dlWbGckniu+0eNoNau0eVpfLjwje/p+teafDlozq0wugsi+UJkDKTk9K9D8N3jXF1eSspZGLbfbt/SvFzaTWER9Bwzh0s4qS7R/M+9P2F2P8Awr/xDjp/avHOf+WMdFM/YPO34c67gH/kJ85Of+WSUV7GWv8A2On6H3mKf76R7J8Tf9dY/Q1wc0hVWHb1ruvib/x8WPGeDXBXXyK23p718ZmsrYqa/rY+4yv/AHaC/rcrKWkYKM9c1enb/R1qpZ4MijG4euKs3hCpj24rxYS3sexL4kitG7FxU0jbZEHcnFVomXzCDyfXFWAS8qljyDRGQ5LUuL8z4P8AKphLtjcjntVTzDuY5wMUvnHy85zuNdvP1OZxNe3mG4Z4O3imXN0QoBxWatxh2y2SowKrXk5LKWDcqOVrf2z5dTmdHU+UP2jV8Tab441LWbq0lXTJCqQuoyvlgYU5B4zivHr7xpaXUPlX1uk6kfccg/8A6q+//EF1bTWrRXEC3ELKFaOZA6t7EEV88+Jv2f8AwV4q1Jnt4ptEuJPmL2rhog2enlnp+BFd9LEJbn4rn3B1TEYiWIw07tu7T01Pk7UrexuGL2UrJk/8e8h6fRqpw3hsmCSxOTjp0NbnxN+H138P9Ya2mkE8UnMUyqQGXOPwNUvCPhfWfEl5FDZ20l1Fnb+8UmNfqe34V6/1iEY8x8TTyXE1Z+wSu10ehRk1KTJAwo/Wp/t/nQjcwMqD5W9R6V6jq3wRexs0mup40yvzSRliFPpz1rzPVPDcmk3TrBOl6in+Dhh+FbU5KpHmi7o8rEUFhK7oV48s10fX5nc6B4oudS8MlCBvU7cjjd+dcvqCvo940M5KKRuBI+6a0PCirHZ5ciGJZGf5+COgAo8RRi6uJX+Z0KYU7c54r04xXs01ufNyko4mUbe6zX+02euSWkf2keUqeZKxGBx2+tW9T8UaOzCGO4jCoNoIB/wrzDyZLdmKlwVGccjio3ulkYyO6tzkjNarEyj03K/syM7aux6FJ4gtruQ/v4wmwAZBPP8ASl0+6tlllBvOH5IjGP6V55/asKfd2KPZs1PH4jhjUgrn/geOKPrHcj+zZ2tFM7uS6sZvNYspXACrkkj3rS0KxTUr2KBT+7k+QSYzg+wrzuPxciQtFHFCiE+uSfxrv/hDrb614kWOXG6GPeirgAcgdK83MMb9XwlSpHexcMtqOcVJaH0NplolnZQxRIqRqqgqo+9jua0oZIo/P3KCTHhc9Ac1RS4QMMnk9RUzSJnO4c+9fz1UnKcnOW7P0unaEUo7I4D4uWKXFlZ3LhVEEqnOeMdc/pXqPhPxRaWPg1i2nxXuobFFq3CyAHqA5B+UHnHvXA/EyzivPClysis8aYfbHjcQDngkEdKyvCHj3Q08L2ytPJbeSMNHcSKWOOh4AzxXsU1Vlg1Kk9Ytr7xYfEPB4n2lrq2z/wCAepWepT2Ny1yXb7U8bL5m/wCZdw5w3Wse3WPTRdy/aneOV/MbzSSQe/J61x958bNChfyNO0i61O7bjdK2FP0A7VneOdTm8ceGrJL1ovC1pbylp4Y5cmVSBg4xn170oZPJxi8RUSW9tbt+nc7JZpUjGdFStGXTUi+Jer6V4gtYrAahGu2YM8yL5hQDsAOpPTFZ3izUf7M13w8ljbtcypbcwMPmc9ieOuM1g2+raH4cvHtdD0mbU9QQ7VnuiTtxwMAev4V2fgrwTqEmrjXdclb7Y2QsI6IDXpv2eDpJS0ir2vu7+S6HjNSqN36nm3iqw1rTddOs3OnLYLeSL+5Q9No9u5z+lfSfhu4Sw8O2X2qdUDxCXc/GARnnNeefGiNl8IyTrw0LAjd78V57J8Uk8WSRRyIbRoYVijj8zcrADBxX6hwpmkXgXJrVOyR8tmlKdGq6kY30Poi48eaFb4WXWrKEgdJJ1XP5mmN4y0KYho9Z0+RD3Fyv+NfOc2r2zfI8q4xnB5P5U611QQnMTbAcffQgGvs6ebvflPnpYqo46wPo86pp9zhIrmJy3RgwNfPf7R2hXtz4k02eJWmgkg8vCDIUhuvp3ps3i+K3t5JriRQidfLkB/rWN4m+KFprWgaZZzS5mtHZhMrlsr2Uj2q62NhiaTpy0N8HVrufPGmcXH4W8SaJfR3FrBNaTR42TRv5ZHvkHNehaB4r1TWLe6sfENrb3OpGCUWuqtGrXCNsOA2ByMAjNev+D/FXhvxV4Xi1G1iTUZrVFS4hVFeaMjjLL1x707UNa8PX+l3sFvZpZ3MkLoJPIC8lT1NRDDexScauj8jtqYqrflr2T/E+KLiFgxUjJycsagVzFleeTXp+oWWjWqkssMzDhkR+SfYCudvLS2mdntrcxxr6ivGlTcdLnu0c0jU+wzlQskm0nPTgZpI12tkjmtqbS5vLLLE2w9DtPA+tUJLaZSAR7Z7Vi9D0Y141NmO0nVLjSLwXMD4cHPB/Q+1dTca1/wAJDH5satGDjzkB6N64z0rjtjw4JUh+tEMzwP5iMyt3xTU2lZ7HPXw0Kz9oviXU7PQbq38OeLdLvLiRWtklUvMV+6vc4r1X/hIvB0NnrNla+L72KTVrjzTJb27b4s9VUgdO3rXj+m6/aXBtE1NNwikGWVcnbnnivovwna6MzWc3haHTZrZhmaSaNhcjjtkAg5r2cDeTcYNW/E+fxV6bTqxd9rq3TVdDw2bSNL8I/ES3tRPq82nMqlrjyWjuTuXOVGAeuORXsWrTatN4Xul8NOrWQiKySa+Ln7RjackeaNvTPIryXXJ9e034lPc6jNPHq5Yi3lUndyMLt/lxWhqHg/xhqmsRWepreXM81m0jGe43oCOrE5IqY1XSc4wg2bVbVHTnJ62T16/I4/wfpD6qms7LpLSS1g89mZNwbDAEfrWpq3g+7mudZt5L5BBY2EV+saxZEm4Agc9OvWpPhFHfR69qFtZRWUk8kJSQXyt5IQHJJ2nNegeLo/EcfhbXZNVtdDsLcwrDFdWqM0lwBjCoS3THrWNHDwqU/aNanTWrOnimlbp69PI88+Cti13qV88Ut0twoVRa2dysDygtg8kcgdcCr/xr0+e2s7aO9uruO5+1SqLG6uFlzGPuyjjIB6YPpWX8H1sEvNXa7axivBCptn1JN0SNu549cVvfEDS9M1Tw/b3Emr6GNctd5nawQp565G1QoUAsPU4raEXLCnRKajjr/wBbHHfD+xuhHfzW5ncW6pm3jjR2kJOR97jjr60njTxLf/YYbBkvYY3dpH+1wCNpGPViQTuNa3w7n0Wz0+8m1YWZbzoyn2y3aXfHn94FAGN2COvpWT8ULew+1WYsWsS7B3YWKFE2E/KcEdcdhWPI40Lxf9XOiDhWxtqkfw7I2fhafDjaeza7DI8m8i3W63fY2b/bCfMTUnxk0e5uvsmqafHZyaFbxLEJNN2eXC55KnHzdc43VyXh/Vbez0+xinM5FvdfaV8sI6k5HBBI9KZ4j1Oy1H7VdRX4WeWYt5H2YqWznvkjisnVTo8i/wCCXChOOL9or2180ZNrqSzIY5SWOPlqpcfu90b8+ntVcrySFB7irEt79rt0DRKGTgsvU1wuV9z2fZcklKGxteCb42GtW8kjjy2VoyW6AYJr0jwjcAWcr5BDZPXnmvG4GMbHDEDG5Rn0r1HwrKs2moB8vGc/0r5/NOZ0o9j7Th+MI4mpNbtI/RD9gdt/w1145/5ip98fukopn/BP/wD5JfrikbQuqsB/36Sivosv0wtNLse3iX++l6ntfxKx9qsfXa1cFeHqT+Vd38TDi6sv9w159dv8hz1r4HOJf7ZNf1sfdZUv9mh/XUitMeYcEEdeKlunMkfHGKhs2C5x06dafdMFhP0rw4t2Pat7xXikB5Hr1xVleZlIGKoW5O0elW+VlU+1OL0TLkicNlWwR1605eY0QnoeKgL/ALkke/epN+5YwABgc5Nac/mYuI4SbYZXUbm5A71S1O6Fqomc4WMbmGM5AGcD8qsMxjtzz1Of1rnvGeoPY6DqNykZuHjjZxEjYLALz+mauNTaLOet7kJSXRHI6T8ULbxIXjvYo7BmZmi/eblZeeCSAQcdqy59W0SS6XOoWoK7fl+0IOufevAvFHxQF0kkMNq1narx5cY+eT/eb+I15rdeNCrsI7KPk87l5/SvcVJ1H7qPxKXF0qa5JR5mfWGpeG9D8T2YN1DBqVoOSr7XUNnsR0NdZ4N8N6NZ2NvDZWEMERf5VVAMce1fEml/ETVNJuN9mWgUNuMas21vqucGvUNC+Pt2sUayW7RzL1ZSV5NZ1sNifs6o7cLxTl8lzYhckvvPffihptlBot0phQAhgqjjJ+tfM15pMGn3LuEGSMheuSa6rVvH1/rK/adSvDb2K/dWR8GQ4689q871bxNJfXEkdqoYtwrZyf5V7+V0Z0IN1d+x+UcX5nRznGwnhPhirX2v1M7VPs1nBI7vt3nJTs3fGM1W0/QpNcZpn8yziUDyoi5x1znGeKueHvC011cfar5d7feRW6nvu+ldWsdpa2fmNJ5aZycc7q+gp03J80tj42tX9gvZ0neXf9EczN4TkZMLJk4wJFXb+B6k1mS+AyDg/Z/QboiD/OuzuPEmnW6Ao2/jA4rHuvFX2hSsQ2jsQc4raVKl3uc1PE4z7OiOZk8Bvt/1VuTnrtP+NQN4HuFYH7NEw7YFdBda9cQbEhlzIVyzMentWSvia73MrSHu2G9a5nCmejTrY6SumNXwF+53t5KHvlSDXoPwb8N/2T4g3uEw0WAw78iuHXxNLMP3nXGMKT+ddD4H8TJZ+JLR5JCIdwU5PHJ714ma0Y1MHVUL3sb0a2K9tH2r0vqfTUdqshGF3SZxtxxVu60v7JvBw6qcGRQcA+lcD4k8UTxXS29u7CBUDOw4BJ9/pWr4F8dXV1bpoUkSPaySNILhsmVeOFB/u5r+f3UcU3LY/oSnwlXnl6xqkr2vby9TZutMt7i3lhuEUxyIQwYnBB4rxjUPBOhQ65JaaNatfXKsQVlnk2J+XUfjXukuWhPsMCvNfh7p11a+OdZNxbvGucq7KecsTkHv2r28vrzpwqzvstr7n53Wg7xjHS5Ut/hh4iulXF7a6FD1KWEZ3H6k8/rWnafBPTxJHNqF/eajIvUyMMH6jFemx208ylo4mI6BgOPzqx/Zt0qwuRgOcAEHGfTNYvHYyorw0Xkv6Z0qhC2uphad4X07S+bO1hhbABZUGT+OKs/Z8c7uB71oSWkkG4y7VI/h38/lVWZdrBFX7w715jdSUrT3ZfLGK0Rwfxet4JPBd4kzEeZhVbPcmvG/h38CV8UauBLc3Fvb2x3TSLIQ3+6PevRP2gNQaHTLbTyAGlfecHgAf5/Su58A28Hh3wPBqFwwiM6CWRhjLZHH17V+58F4F/Vr1lZN3+R8bmWJnHEWhLRLU0NH+GPhzQ4wLSxCOB/rWO5z7ljzWjfeD9NvM/aPMmBH3GORj6Yrz7XvipqTSEabFDaJjl5kMh/LIFYC/FHxUjbmu7KQdkaywD+T1+oLG4WHuL8j5eVbDyep0fjX9nnwv4isJPskMunXm0mOSF9o3f7QxivlPxF4PHhvU57W5e4t5YXZGDAHkHGQe9fWeg/Fgajcpb6parbOeBNDkLn3B6fnXln7UmjxW97p2sRj93cRtG+DwSAMH9RXBjI0atH29HdbnsYHEynUVKnLQ5T4b+Adbla1vtDjnS8b5jevcNBGq5+6cA7gfTmu/wDiJqUei+H3j15bOHUlX5ptOkO6Q+pT/wDVV9vix4YsfC+n6M2s3OnXkUEcc09laGXadvKqxH61gjRfB3iC11K7ttdu9cvUgeRbS8tTF5jhTjJI59evapjGNGny02pN+a/IyqQnWmpVldX/AK1/yPHD4+j2jbpNuzgYLMSW+tP/AOFofdX+y0YjvuH+FYd1p8Ek+fmDd9vSkW1hWMAZ4/WvH9rLXU914PAy1cL/ADf+ZqN8SpfMLf2ZEwPHz4OPzFRr47DH5tIgYA5ODz/Kso2qSNyOnOM0psUXPynH1odRvVs0jhcHHaH4v/M2W8b2qR4bQISOmd/Xn6Vn3HiiwuODoMaY6lZ2X+lUWgGznn8ajVXkjy7FgD8ue49amU29L/gjohhcPFXjG3zf+ZZ0vWre31i3nGnO8SOD5CydfbOK9z0nWtM1qSB7PwjqZmT5hJPdvCFx6MIyK8a8I/abfxRYPZQi6uEmVkgY4DtnhSa+ifEV94nmazi1DwJpuqNO2wpZ6hK5Q46NyAOB9K9TAxg7ykr28rnlZlTpylG0VoustTz3xR40kb4gaQn9hub22K7I5tR88k8kYbYMfjWyvxS1HUrP+zYdAuoxfSyyIxvVG8Lncv3OgrHaxTQ/jNZqdCjDR4/4l+kuZMMyY4z1POT/ADrsNfu/D3guKzN/pWsWN1ZWk8dmlwIv3hk3ZLYbnlu1dcZtc8nKyv2/4BxVKOHaguW7a7vz8zzr4d+NLo+Ib1otLtHgEDidbiYpGsfQ5YA/oK6jxN48t9Y8MXU1ppOlalb2MYi/0a8m324PAYBkHGcVzHwbsZb7UtUhj01NSs5ott2jyrFsiJ+8GJwCD2rQ+IkuneD9N1PQ9P0e40+5uDHHcXF1IkjPH95dmwlcHjnNc0JzjRcm/d1/pHROjQ9v7OMNbrr+etznvh7retTXt9caev2Py4x5s1vAkxxnABDkDk/jWr8UNWv00vTbLVbGO6mjZpBeToiNJnjbiMkcVW+D5ht7fVLq7ubW2063aKTddW8k7CZSSjKqMvTk8nHTin+OLy01XUdLt7a8iv7CGNpP3dvJDl3JLMdxJJJx7VnGX7jfV9DaUacMTdLSP+Xc6HwDqmqa34eeWyt9RM9qY7YwWVwi5QDryh+UdO9T/FLwykzabcXrzKY7ctLFfEPJGAexUAc+9SeANasdB8NzuW0qG/WUrEupXQgXYeuD65rjfiv4ym1K9hi26XHDJECzaXdrOknPGWBPPtXZKcIYb3tzyaNKrWxPNRXKrszNJ+Het+IrI3+m6HFdWbFgsiyKDkeo3cVh674H1fwvCs2vaRcWscr4jkDhQT6Ac5r0XwrZ2dpoNraXc1zDDrCKQtrY+ahweGZ88H6VxvxD0a3s7eC7s7v7TZGVoCHtzC4devBJyPcGvLqUv3aml66r8j6PC4ibqum9F8/zucg39nJG217qN+yyICv4kGqX2xIYzEiCV253MMAfSn8HA3bUP41C0atyilucZwP5V57XU+mpW2kX7GBZIUlm3OGJCRR/eaup8D6pKl7PaOmyNTkZO7HqK5ewmkvZUt0Ea9hlcD8a6Dw6i2fiGSHerjJAcDAP4VxYqClQaZ6OV1ZU8cuZ/wDDH6cfsBSK3wt1llHXVGJx/wBc0opv/BP1R/wqnWT1B1Rv/RaUV6mB0w1NeR9fXb9rL1PaPig225ssf3TXn10wYNk4OK7/AOKWftNiO20155Jj5iTxivzzOZWxlT5fkj9Cylf7LD5/mNhY7cpg49BzSXZ/ctmn25VRn164qvqEgWHPqcV4PN7p7K1kNtY/kznH41YZhy3YDNV4mC2+c4PtUf2gF3Of4fu5qIysi2ncnZsW8fuakab94ccELnOKgkYeZGM8CmzybVmcMOF9alzsybFh5dtqrs33iP51QureK+Z4Zv8AVyhkI7YIIz+tSXV0PKtl6cZGPYVnWl20kil/u/Md2334pufLYxnHmi0z471XwJPDqF8kkbERTtGzN8o4OKop4QsLUySztaoVO0ll3D9a7D4yW99oPjS8kUyR2d4RPFySrE9cfQ1wcesx3KtHPswx+YPHnj8RX2mGmpxUkfyDnGGqYXGVaO1m1+Jn39xpOnzoRFbxhvuzrHvxz2A4FZ/iO6bSmgntGEskgyJpsNj6L0HasXXLFIb6SG1DeQfmC9cVvaVoR1rRoYJmeNo3yCxIyp4FevKpTow55s87CZfVxdWMaMeZ/wBbnMLqGsXF4LiWU3rg/dmG8Y9MH+ld14fZ5rgSfYJJTImWhgjUYx74r0r4dfB+HUL2GW8tn+xxEmPzBgv7n2r1/TfCdlZ20cSwADy24xjocccV85Vzxx/hI/XsJwJSrwUsa/ktDxQaLezaXKYtPNm20oNxUsSfpzXCaxYXrbf3REEa4yDwPxr63XQ7No22QDcJOSOh4r50+KCx6TrVza7mjikbzFCg45r18qzipi6jo1T4zi7hOhklGOLwl7Xs09fmjzC4scfO+Sp5HNUPsv3tjMv41uTyKyqByMYwf51AqwQzHeRjHTrX1LV9EfmMakkjIFo+4hWJP+0eaivLOSNsq6+ZjkLzWo99tDEIoz0J6iqbZfPX1HaspWWiOqFSfMmzIkklhk5xuzzxUsd7LG4ZeGByCOgq5dWrTR7nXDAZDevtVB7Uxj5gQT6iudrSz2PSjUhUWu57r4F1SLx/o6xNKLbUYsRv5g+Vx2PH5dK9H8L+FY9BYyyTLPdYIUICAP8AE18m+H9cu/DuopdWzMrL6c5HpX1Z4G8Yaf488ByeRNANUYIslpkRPHt+8yvyWLZPHTivyfOOHZwqSq0Pgetj9WyfiHGYijHKa1dQpvRN9u1ztbiGCbSYZtP1OzfWBLk2RnABBwNpPTd9auWt8bFis2h3FpPt+d58shx6OBgD8q8g0/wzbWuqalJqv7pdPZJFgnbZ9oUthlVuOcc8V6hqHw4sNLjXU/Dfia80y1kTzH8u6wq8Ald2QT+Oa8bD4RTp88FZrfVX9bM/VHw9l0qEMOndr7S7/wBeR1H9qCbTJEmjjT5SY3hO5entUEWoeZ4Vj+U+fDIArseOprxbxJ4iis9Qa003UrzVw2S95dFRtY/3MLn6nNdNpFxqknw5hht7+Se9m1ASm1OdyqmeWbOQp44rKdecZSTktEzxMVwh7CHtPbpLzVv1O+1a3f8AsuGW6f8Ae78owH3vauQ17WrXStKurq7mSOGFc7m/lV7xT47jt9Pin1e9jjWFAWWMbVB9h39M185fE7xhP4w09GQOmntKdiDoR0yf8K68DltTNsReCagt2/66n5LmWKo4KbpqXNra66mP4v8AFy+MLsypuK7ifnbHHYAdhXrnxC8SW2laTommTXCxKLZX2KCSRjHb6V87WL/Z5ZLdnGMbkbjJr6H1f4ayfEzTND1a31JLdhZIhjeIsGPJ4OeOtfvuX0bUHRpLZJH59iKbk3FvRnnN14p05IyFlkJH/TM/pVI+LtO4UvMx6j91XdP+zPq1yxdtbtsYP/LE/wAs02T9m/UFRVXWrVxjBxEw/wDZq3+p127cpw/UaMVd3OWi8Rae5Ui4IbqfMQjFXPjFM+sfBjS7uVi8iXhjD47YbH8hW0P2ddQVudXtT7hG/wAap/Grwuvg/wCEOm6Gbn7S63TSmQfKOh6D0+auhUKtGnNyVlY6cDRjRxEZxfUwfDXwKuW8IW+uTlbuVoFuFtQSpK4z6c8Vs+D/AAHqCx6jrWoRRWWi2sMvkwyLtMjbSA2D2Hqa6Kz8aa5ZRabDb2NybSKKFA0Vszo6lV5yB+opnxEutc8UQ3mmRW8ljZbSWk8s7WAGcsxHTjp60eww9O1RKTa6d3/kZTxLnUftOr/qx82XGJJ2IJKZNQHCknbnHv2q00axsynrnBqtNjb059q8HqfU05X0RXbAbd0HeopWC8L064NOkxjn6VUkAmcRqSV/ib0FK52wp8xJhZpD1EQGOO59KdNllJOc+g7ClyI8Ii7VC4ptzFsjJ39QKrzZtv6G98PdTtdJ8W6deXTlbeGcNI5GcD1r3ObxJ4UtLPWo7TxnNa3Gq3HnGZYjvhB6qvH4eteI/DRR/wAJpoeIyR9pQ4Iz3617N4p8GajJouuvb6G1zcyan50aiDLNGe4PXFevg5TjTbgv6sfPZg4qvFNav07+ZwnhuOx8OfFG2/s2a+163QHmCP8Afysy4IAJHc11fxC/sSz0ePStb0bxNC9sjy200/lN8z88sG6Z7Cq2ual/ZXxs89rW7uStsifZ7KLfKSYgCAvr1qfxZd6PN4bFvfaN4ttLezjfyri8tQuSxzhiR0z+ldHK406kE9m/T+vmYtylUhUtfRanA/DXVI9Lj1aCfSX1q1vI1he1jlaN3+bIAK8+ld18TtHh1DwZLq994VTQL6OKKK2a41NxOEBAAER4PHrzXJfC7WtU0GfU7jSoFuotn7+MoSfLGSSGUjb9c103xStodQ+HdvfSWGo6fJBhoBNN9pSTzDk5cksBzxmsKD5sPNPWy2t+tjpqVXHFxXdrv22sc/8AAlnjnvZFn1JBcXEVsU04x/xBsM5dG44xx3NWfjNePZX2mMEv1uri2yw1NY1mT5jgFURRjj05qbwPb+H18Lw3jXOju8KRpcR3FhMzI5yeWWQbj7gdqwPixDGut208Mlq6zWySK9kkiowyecO7HP41V3DDWN/cq4t6fh2PVfDun6hptm8VzqtxqWokrHcg3sFrGr7AQkfmxkOQCOpA4/GvOPjN4blc3V9LdzT3dg0azRzCIYikGUGIxt3DkHBIOMg810ug6tb+PND3XVhGWZw1z9otpZ4vNChd8bxEPGxAGQciuO+LGvwW00mjWcDL5vl+dI0TxqFRcIihyWYdTubrWtZweHfYzwXNHE8q366Gha6pYeGvB+kWs/mQabqEeJbyzv3M8M2BndAHwAOP4cn1rkvidpX9i2mh2z6guoSGBnaeO4aRWBY7cA/d47Yrv/COpaDdaRD9m1fSNJvIbNLeGS/gUPHIDmRwSDuz6npXB/Fy70y61q1SzkhvbmG3VLzULeIRJcSZJ3BQB2745rmqfwr6dDvwf+8apre976/5ff8AI8+Ch2BPIAp/3Sox+Ap90v2eMcEZGORmoo5fOQbs5HTn0rzebWx9HZyjzIljVFmAO9SVJ+U5Nbem3hSSJ/NSSWPb/DhuM98c1gSKciQHG04IzWhYTr/pD7XY7RtOcYrCfvXRrG8XGSex+qH/AAT2kEnwk1dgcZ1Rs4/65pRUf/BOuZbj4Mag4GCdSbPHX92lFd2EVqEF5H3VSXNNvue2/FPH2myz3U151NiNWx+Fei/FJv8AS7L/AHGxXnN1ueM555GK/NM6/wB8qf10R+kZT/ukP66ixNujI796ztUk+UL1wa0rVQOT696y7z95cbQMc85FfOSvGJ7cNyWJv9FCvxmq6nzJJAMgZx6VJM223z1wPSq1uxkjU5JbfWV3sU0W5JlW+2DLbUz0qCWQtY3BIAJb+tSF1+0SnIyAAarsSLAjli7EjFZSk73JsTTSANbKw4ZGzz04FZluzRyMnOBE2COnX6VbvWeSa3UDnY3GOOgrP02RvOdHiKjyj05HWiUtRct0cx468K2HjDSIbS8iYfdMcsYAkjODkjj9K8O1f4H6hu/0bUYZIVYBfMQqx+uOM19SSWcc0cOAW2spIzz0NVTpFvMkatGuPNB5HWuyhjqtBJRZ8tmPDuAzOftMRTvLvs/wPmyH4HXWcyXEcjctu29hjoK9Q8J/CWxs2AeJJbhQreZIdx69PavT10mFFz5a7VXG3HPX1q2sCrKxVAGOBuUY4zU1cZVqv3nc6MJlGFwUeShBRXkjnrXSvsd4sQAQtuyce3arEFifKXgAYYDPpmtSRFa9WQ9mYfpSxxGGBWAZ12HqfeuRydz11S5TP8hYbdwq/MZAflHtXzT+0RcHSdQQLCHZ4xtdsED5jnFfUT/vYZONqsO30r5u/aosfJsbaUKx+YjdjjqK97JajWLiu5+d8dYVVsnm7bNP8T5vbWp2mfngnOAMVduZDFpYuGbDs+B7isHazSquOpAGK1telLRRwcDy8DGa/UIt2ufzVUowjOEUtxYpvMjJIXOa0rKOG4if5f3mCRkVzdmzLHgZPPQc1etpmhly3BbjBzxVxehy1qNm0jVuJo4fsxl/1e0q6D9CKqX0xkePPzhhkZ5wKXVFaZo4TgeWOCKijh2sMuC3pSd9iIxikpN6kI09SRtO0E9TWtp7XWksDHceVHH8w8liGUn3FZyyBZeTxn0qW4kErR7VAXoQKzcU9GauU2uVvQ9B0P4qa3otjbvct9vE2QRcAMduPcV1kfxw0y+t4YNU02Qog2hEUBB+AIrynz4GtoYLmCUrEMIUYDiq0k1h9oUCymcAfeMv3vyrwMXkGBxF3KFr9tD0cHnWPwnu0akkvX/gnsH/AAtbwrbSZg0vbIOjCMH+fSqer/HC8mhMdhbx24Y4yR0HrivLY7qyZsDTgW/2pGq3DcwpGjLp8RI7su7P51xUOGMtpPmcLvzZ0YrP8xxOlWpJ+rv+pp6pq+pato95PfXTTNLNtj3DGBmqc3mJbWdrlMqn+rY8nnNVtS1Sa+txGEWKIfwoMZ96X7ZDJcQ3Mwk8yMDMagYJHvnj8q+rpUYUIqMFZLsfPyc6nvTeu5ka1Y/uhIqASA8MBjFfVHwrzpPw10WSedY1MG7fMQoAPPU18vXVxLIzyADLE/KeRjNeraxZyalYaEl6kkcVraIqWol3Qnj7xGOT/hXr4Or7ByqW6FzrKnStU6Htp8TaUn7pNZsHkI/1a3Clj+GaR/EVircXsRx2Ei/41853euWmnyNHBaK0xPJVdtRLqTatpeotIFDKuP3fGF4r1Fmc9+T8f+AedKvO1+WyPpCHXNPuphHb3lvI+fupMjH6YBrxr9pdHddHLc27q6bV554NeOtpkYhaSF9zLg4YAfka19e8dTal4LsdGuPtD3drOzrcSPkFCPu+tZVsd7WnKElb8f0PVpxTa5Xc9q0H4kQaH4X0ywjsWvHtYEjaZJlUEhR6il1D4nWOr6Ze2ktjJpxlhaNLiSVWVSQep7VxNq0cl9olitlJFp80MRluLYDe0jqDk7gRgH05puk3zL46vdClga40WSKZN93GjHeqE7tyqB1H1rOOIxF4wTVttjz4qtKTu1Y8Uncl2+YE5xxVfbuYg/dJ+90qS5bbNKoIOGIHHvVSTfuGPlHrXgX1Pr6cV0KmoRvBcGNR16Vas9NkaNv4dwz838RqaPEhSSUBmX+I80RSNNJIqNlB/FStqdLqSUOVdBs+kyLIDKViHfvVWdY1kZVbd25XFS7HbeuSQvPWqYk+dtvJzg5pNmlPm6s6HwLbzX3iqwtLec2jySBVlTOUz3Fe5+KDt0m/k0HxPrcN7pUojuWurh3RznBwCcDmvBvh/eTW/jXTpITGkolADSH5F9yfSvpOPWNZuNyRap4Ju3lfMkQujl/YjHWvawCjOEovf0/4J4mYqpGsuTseAwa1f33jhJbzW5rO9LFW1PazGMAeg59BXoC+JIdDtdTl1Lx5N4jgks5IlsRay/M7DAzuGAAa5Lxt9um+JE0V5p4sLyQLCkNiueSBtKgdc+1WR4B1rRVvJ/Ednrb6QYSWktrYuy+hIboPc1yxlVpTcYxv56mtozUOZJaLSy19HYq/C3ULc6drlhczy6fHeRqgvY0L+Vg5GQOcetavjPxBZ6X4T1DTW14+I7++EMYMVq0UNvEnTk8FqzPhPJDZeJL/AOyeLJPDunBVDSTBI5J1zwvzZAPvXTfGTxPc6l4deC28QaHeaYrIHihvftF5MR0J+RQPwropt/V229tF/V/0NnTTxdkrptP028vwTOX+FSrb6fq85SaeFGQSW0FnHcFyQSpKuCMDnoO9YvxIvzqHiGGVPtkbCJI0S9iSDaOgCooAC/hXQ+Br8PZXB0jQb28EKJ9oezubiJmYA5Y7H5z9MCuU+JGoR32q28se7e0CkxvcyzvGcnKsZOQfYcVzuX7hJfqdFCPNi5t/1ses+DbCKTwjBYy3To9tMxMunaxBCGJAycN94V5X8UsyeJpo45bicRqu1ri4jnfkd5EODXoHw9vH0/4fWMgvJNO3zuPMs9PW7LYwf3m77vfFeceOL2TUPGF07XDXW9l/evZi2OcD/lmOBj9a6K7Xso6a6dv+HOTBQ5cTOT6X/M7/AET4T6XDpv2+5sNX1K2jtY5CtrIgFzI55KHBAVR175rjvin4XtfDOq2X2U3SQ3dss/2W/IM8OeNrY4/+tXq2jSWmnKUgTSjoS2nmSXv9pyR3An29GjWUHk8YCj615R8WrWxttetpbWYNNcWyyzwrc/aPKY9t+SenYnNaVowhSVkrmuDrVKla05Xur/1qcBqDLsVVJGORzVSCTa6LtHJ5zUl5IrsRg+2eKqwsVbPXnpjpXiSd2fb0af7rU3o1s1jBnijmU9XUkOP5ZpyLEzTm2BEPAw/WqMdz9lbO1Tu/vDP863tAszqtxcXN1KsFtCwdtuBvIHAApy1OCP7u7k9D9Nf+CcKhPgtqa/Nxqj4yc/8ALNKKf/wTrkE3wf1hhwv9ryYyP9hKK7qOlONj7uleVOLZ7d8VMfabD/dPNee3zeWo4yM9MV6D8VZFjurEsf4G4rzTVrhljJVc4GRivzLOn/tlX5fkfp+Vf7rD5/mS2z7oyexNY9w+7UuDx0NX7ORWtQcnDc4rGbB1BsHI5P0r5ipqke7HcuX8hW1bnjtVaGT91alXIVm59ah1iQLatn8AKjaQmSyQDCsT9RXNdl7mj9oBa5KnDdM0oG2OBehJzmqETCL7UWGTuPFSwzfNa/NkH1+lTPUWqLV9hZxj5iEYg4/SqNjmZXKkZWMdatXjBXkYH5dhz3xVazdGa4IZcbFFR11BdS1C+1Rltp3Y+bqeOtKqHbEd2Pm649jSTOqqxVuhGOelKXHkorL3JBFSlrYzLDktGwzn5R1OatRqgV2HTcM1Vmm2W5Kr0C8Y9atov7qTP97tW9iGU5seZtCgZ3YbPWkVWWyhXPCx5IPpmidisg6fKrduc03zP3ceW+9GSQR71nJARy/NauU4K+mMV4p+1HpguPh79qjjDPHcqM45AIzXt0luXR1Cjbkcg9a8t/aIXf8AC++VwVVJoyce9enlX+9U35ny3E0VLKcRdfZZ8V6Tahr4mVcxxjec/wCNQ3m+6kY7vmLcZNWhMI4bgIfmkIA56gVH5ZgUuw+btk1+wpXVj+SHN8/MzO8qW2kZDlWBwe1am4LGu777Dmoi63O4sMt23UMvGMHp0FTYU6nPZtWZciv0jQK0YPPpzTt0c2XG1B/tVnxLubk8L1BqxEqvvYcFex5qoswnBEbYlmI7YzToZD1PCg9jUca7mJbAHtUqx+Yu0Dj6VNm9UXK2zNt5Y5oRJGckj8qpqzclecVD9mMEcmwdQMY5p2lsTMUc4GO9aSbOWMeVNpk9vE/mLuHPvV6aF4oAzEfMflVTVmzVIdzyJyp+83SoPMa6Z5nOGyflx2ojFMylUbdyBPM8t/XHpSx/MFJ3M3epFjMsowd3GMDNWLexEJBdc554NXyti59NSj5ZZl3cDPTHSvpbw7oNlr3hPTZ7lMqY/lb7px2/CvnXcGZgVO7d1XtXdeLPFyX+l6XZ2k7Ja2tuqtGFK/vO5/lXo4aUafM5a+Qnaesz0m++GHh7UdySXDsRyMOuR+OKz4fg3osNvc26atc7bgYIZkOPpxXltj4lkjkEc6mWPH+sX7y/416r4F8K/wBrLDqU4dbZSDGGG0P9QeorsoyhWkoKkYc0r8kYaGXJ+zrpbR7U1S+28ZbbH/hXE/FH4Q6f4H8MNqMd9dXUjSrCqSqm3kHnge1fS000FpCS7Kqr1Pavn749ePDqkMekWoRrTd5rPglmIyBz6c114uhhqVJ+7r0PQpy5ZxVza8J+NPCGk+E9DXWLmBb5bWPdmFnYHHHIBxWxH4v8E6nFfQaTd2x1OaCTZtgKsx2knkqKwfAvwt8M3/w9sjfWqy317D5nnyPh4y3I2/SvMfEHg1PCN3eeXeSyy2+dvAU46A8GuOderQpwk4q34il7GMmvtNnn08eyaXzOBuPP40yVR5fLrg+lOvr9ppSUXeo4xzVXyJp8cEpnvXgPV6H00IuylPQrM0l1MYkU49q1YbdIIANu1VGGx70Q2JhO4KFz1J4NIVOSM/hRZxJqTVTSGyEihGHAwd2aw5lKeb8vzk4HFbMvynhzjrmqF432hyAwyaiR1UJO7bJvCjW9rrlnLfSNHbeZiVlHIUjBIHrXrtva/Dm4uAi3GpzSP83kjTSzEeowv615P4XjT/hJtMSfHk+fGzhhwQGHFfR2tf2to0es6lb3ccGq6ncRW2mPGqHbEv3QvP1r0sFThJOcknbyv+p5eZyp+0jzN3a6O3U88fxO3ij4vWOoaPCy/Z9qQR3I2sdqbTuweOM+4rsGhTS01DVdF03bq1xBNtjuNdkm81cEO6RHhxjPU1x3xB1aWy+LEdzYTxW99BFG88o5UOEG8kfzqfxD8W7+70edNNh0YXKRNG0tvaFZFU8MVJOBmuh1o0qk1Ulrf+uhy3m5w9noml389znfhVc3dn/b+ow3ENqtrADK81qtwCS2FRVIPJY4z2rpPiNDezeDtQjm1SzuLmzeFtQtI9NjhaLeMrtkUc4J5HFeb+B/iDe+B7maa12kXAxIjqGV8cjIPXB5q5qnxEv9c0WfTppVAurk3Vw7IA0jZyASOoGeK5KeIjGi4Xd9fT8z2ZUKn1hVOXTTXQ6L4LWdiq6hqN1bWc0dqw/0q6uzCbckdVAB3Zx0x2rnfixq0OteMBNHqjaxDHGFEhiEe3B+5wOfrjvXQfB3VWN5PF/Z+oT7cATaadkadeZgCMg/X1rP+NuH8VQnzNKkHlAn+yk2hfaTk/NWkr/U1buZUb/X5c61t/X9aHe+FdajHhG1uPDWi6wx3mOazsNZlTyunzH5T1+mOK8x+KSl/HVwGnmkcrHv+1T+dIjFRlWbuR049K6v4c/Yo/Dds0ttpd1czTSxt9tUeYg2/utoJHylgQcVxXxIjhtfGRjSK2tw0UbSwWmPLicr8wGCehqq0r0It7/15E4X3cTOK8/z9f0PT7zWre8tbCyGn3GraJNbhH01LIrNGVABkjk25Y55ByQehrgPjAmn2t5o1rYS+abeyCS5QRyhgTgSL1DfWu3g8baReaPdLeXuq6K7W0dv51u4ZTsPBiOQQGHVf1rzz4r+I7fXr6wS1E8iWVssJurtgZbjuCx+nuaurUXsm+a97Bl8X7eKt3/JHnFwyswPU0y3QKwYAZ3cUshDMR7e9T6bZyX15Fbov7xjgdvxNeLuz9BnanSbZo2Vit5IHlhkeBfvbFOf5VveH/C99q8k0tqgEEchH798N+XrVFtJn0/VGtUvVtx3l3FU6eopNPhvEaZ4rtk2MQZVcgMc9BWz6Hgc8pp8stND9Q/+CdNu1r8G9VjbAK6vKOP91aKP+Cc5k/4UrqBfcWOqSElup+VeaK6qNvZo/RKStTin2PWvjRMYbzTfTY3f3rzLWLzZBn0HJAr0L47MReaVzgBSTk+9edXii406Tfk5Xk1+Y51F/Xany/JH6Xlcv9lgvX8ybTZzc2qgnr9KykCw6tcndgdQufzq7pbf6KgQEDtms5939sTsVJOe3YYr5qoj3ExNWIa4hQcq2OPSmmYfb7ZUByAx3e+KbqEv/EwiKjACjmqRmDapH8rFlDHHeuU0uXkdmkuwx4G7pwelEZZprHLYAUED3qh8zpeHJ3FyvJxirNrMoniRuNijvjJqGtCXLUuXFwfMvASXACqdvT61DbMI5rwDoFGPbg1W1GVltJ5v4ZJAnHpUdvMPt10pyQ0a+5PFTdvYOa5rb0a1kDljuUEEcDOasRyYk27susZIXGQKyZLoxSQqMIMAHnHepnvP9OmHVQikFfelEm5tNIWhmXqMLn0zVuxmDRvjIbJyOlZE1wVS4UAgfLk54q3Z3e64lRRgD+I1cmyAuG/fEl8fu2wvvVdlQxo3zZWJhjNNa4CzfxZKnlsYzil8zzLhA3/PNiemKjUltdSzH92QZb5gvToK4L4wWi6h8P8AVbdnEakLhmHGQ2ea7PzS6/LgMMcg141+0dr723gGSFGkZHlQP5TYboelerlqbxVO3c+a4kny5ViLfyv8TwO48Hwxq226iZvXBxmq7eDbZnLSXfmZ67BgV57P4kkhY7JLhMdNx602Px1cxrgTSZx/EB/jX7RGvT/lP5AlleNfwyPQ18J2iLwsjZOPvdB61BceG0jkI/eCPtgbjXG2/j68X5hcMG7gqCK0F+IF6VX95GRjqV/+vVOrSe6OeWXY+D1dy3faKIwxjm2DOAsiEGlt9HnbBjkhcqOQGBpY/HLhtt2nGOqLnj86iufFdiGZoGeNGP3SmB+lZ81Naplqli7crh89zQtfDMrykNJGPlycmpJPDohcZmwvsKxV8aRxvgFZMcBsnPXtU03jiF1BlBKrx8rc/iKOalYl4bGtr3TQ1Cy+yyC2haQ8ZIJ4NUrUN55XjI5JY1XuvGGn3bAv5wI/iAH+NWtL1bTLhtysqt/02kAH5CoupPQr2FenC84suG4eSMqTuJ9ec1p6fZywxruCxJ/G7jJGelVv7R0uLhZLaJuzeZxx71Zk161uIWVry2dmIO7zV7fjVxUU9XscUlUlooP7jMYzW6sVGEZiAcVDDdF5PmPyj3zUupX9ruRIrqGUY52sMVWjnhYbTJHkjH3hUNtWSZ1Rg3G7iPa5fzsK5256VM00kYKOrK3fKkVT8vzJMw4fb3Br33wD8PbbU5rLXdSh3SeWDHbyj5SccMR/SuqhTqV5KERSjyySa0ZnfDL4ZS30Uep6ynk2+Mx27AhpOeC2eg9u9ev6pqljoWjyXV5MtrbQr7Dp2A9aNQ1S20u1Mtw2EUZ4br7CvAPHl9r/AI21Qyy+TDYxnEFtvO0f7Tccmvpp1KeAppR1kTKdOGjdix4k+ND61di3jtTBp3dt+Xfng/l2rjPG80d3awXSOHQow3KOfyp03hK8lRfMW3Rs4yrHJqLx34dfRPAcF0kheH7T5JGDkkgkn8MV87WqVMRLmbMqMYVcRT9m9bne+GPhrf8Aibw7o2qx+IJ4IXto2W28o/JhemQ3rWvqXwjkbUL7XdT1iS+j8tpDYrAVRsLxklj356V5ZcaR46utL03+zX1M6f8AZ08hrGZxEVx0wp6/WtTw7rni3w7Hcw63BqapsJje9aQo/B+XJyD+ddcatLlSnSfr0O+rT9mpVINenU88vLOG1u3Hl4GOnGOe9XdH0U3rbtpWMc56dBTbjyZizGNkz1Zjmr99rEa2UUNowijXAZiwya4YxTk2KrUqyiox6mRrVuI9qnAbPIBrEZ85Xpx1zUGt6nMupOsz5jc8Oveq3+sUMJMjr1rmlLmlc+gw2GlClFye5M8wIYZBz09agkXzlO1hvHJ96Cu6MsW5qNWSMcHd7ZrOz3O+KtsaegxyXGoWgjiD3iyKqRngMSfWvQbr4c+MZYGWw8P3sW5t5k89GII5+TD8c1wfh1oG1ywM0wt0aUbpOuwepxzX0Ra6toOgWIGjeI9Jm1A8G61K5cquf7qD/Gu7B0IVW+d6ep42MnKnWjaN/W54TovhPV7XxxZaNqdu1le3TbJBcn+AgkscewNd/pXh3RLW8vrfwve3cetiGVEfULdWt5wB86qDyOOhIrmNV1C//wCFoW9zP4ht57mMrINSEZkhjG3ONvp2wPWvSdQmi03Q9R1Wxbw7p2pSQsP7SRJkZiw+bYsgABPTjNdFOjFSlZbPrvb5MnETk5Qbe6W3r27HzRcfLqL5UKwJB9zUu0cZ64596ZcKGuFbepLclvepGmRePNV26V4+tz6mWyselfBuaN/7Qs5blbeCYqHjls/PScc4UnquPXPeqXxi8OjRNahe30d9It2TG8zLIsp/vAAnb9K5XRfFl7odvcQ2c80HnjDtBO0THjplaqX2uNqSlSjRuwG6RnLscdBk11+0vS9lbU8qGGqxxTrdP68zdt9JvLXQIpWg1Fpmf5bdLJiNv97cRjHtXNeIrIWGoeUJHkkdFkZZIGiZSRypBHbpnvXs/wAPdcuNS0RpLq5js4DmOBbjWLxC2xRuKqjHA7/jxXnfxbEbeLMx3H2keQhEn2ua5zkf35fmrSeHjGkqkXuaYSr+/lTktfl/Whj6fFB9kk0/7IZ9SZw63SykCFQOVK4wfrVr4iaLFo9rozQxhWubQSSP55lDtnGRkDb9K7myvn0jTnhOm+H78W+nx3EzXFnh2JwAhIbk89TXG/FC9l1ZtFZ4ba0AslKWtmhVIlJyByTmlKlyU3rd6dDfC1JVMRGW0dep52qvtc/hyMVf04MyOdvzAY3Com3eWE6Y4HFTaOqNdNG8mxf+emCRXBHfU+prSvSbRpQxtHbmQSsXJz5Srn8c10Hhe0s50leawurydSTuU4jQ/UVnrHo0UZJurgTgf8sT976elbXhG31aaxeWDUvs1tk4QqHYjr+FbvTc+dcnKLtpqt9D9Jf+Cdbbvgpfscc6pLwO3yrRVj/gnopX4HTZOT/aMvOPpRW9D+FE/TYrQ9H+OihrzTCR0Q/zrzS9LyWUoH3ihwK9N+OK7rzTcHBCMf1rzG6U+W5yx2jHP0r82zr/AHup8vyR+iZZ/u0Pn+ZDpszrblR1GKqKo/tSV3bbg9u9WdPAityCME8kk9aqQbLi5eTB9AK+Yme3HsN1Yn+0I2T7wFZyTedqTvnhMg/kKs6pdLHqSBtxITI9K4vWvG2maBHcXN3cxwYZsKXGTgdhWMacpu0Vczq1oUouU3ZI6aS9ENnO8jFtz/L+eKsWF9Csk5Z87UAOK+WPGPx8uNU32mm71iVstKD83/1q47S/jVrNrNIj30oVjjernI9OvFe7SyLE1oqTsr99z4TFcZ4DD1HTgnO3bb8bH2lJcLNaqocbNwYc+5p1jIk012WZmcr8rV8a3/xg8QQqj2urThByN5yas6b8bvGL2M/2bV28xDnBRSfX0rf/AFbxC05kcC4+wLipOnJL5f5n2JO6LHIdwLJgHcec9TVFdYjjvrggs0eEAwa+P7f45+K5AwudUkOQzFhhc/QAVPpfxa1PUbi4NxdXGBja+84z+YrOXD+Jj2Zt/rxl+rmpRS8v8j7Uhvo5WuFZsozDHPNaVnIjSTYkGPSvjG/+OWq+HZIJlnluhK+4xu3YfnXa2/7WUHmCFtIMLOikusmRyOo9K5auS4qGijf7j0MPxdlleKn7SyfdP/I+kftG2YZ2ldrDjr0p6yrbxqQ+4mIn5uc14HH+0JabV863ZVC7sq/J9uRSr+0NY6nJbw2Y+dkKYkkxzXK8rxUJJODO1cS5VODqKvGy8z26a/ijQymQIFK59Bx1r5k+Lnj6z1zVJLFWLJCNg3DAJzyam8RfFTUtYhnt3lEULfK0akrk445714/fQteXk4lZjIq7gzHNfZ5LlE8NL6xWWvRH43xdxdRzam8vwTfJvKXfyX6mbrFmlrdF4gPKc8d6zWgW4JV4046blFWv7QxGYJwchsqxp9nh5Gfg46Zr65rU/O4upShd9DK1Kxgt5FzBGwwMqox29qgjS1aaNRGF9s1sajD5luzBN209M9KzFi3yL5a5kUdRUSR6FGbnSV3qaM0EC4Egfp69qqNaQf8ALMcfjUscLyKRI29hyS1W7KNlbeAoCgmhHI5umt7mUlmeSuFbPvmpo9LLNnLPnjAarXLtgjkmtXR1jaGYOqsVGQ3Ix2oUeYqriZU4XMSxt4nuDkHy1bHXmm3ugz28jXUKEwf89FPT2NXbRH0ufbKTGk5EkUnUYBxzXX6DIplngmWN4pBjA+6xqo009DGtip4eXOtVb7zlNP0qaaOOYXEShhnCnLD2wRxVtvD9i00Aut8hlOGZTg/WtfUvCsUM2+1eSNcZ2Z4H0rLvLee3jtJ97Ps5KkdMHFW4cu6OZ4p1pXpzsn8i7cfD3To+UWdweQFP3R9cVTm8D6fbtuzN0yMHNdnpt4buxG1d3y8Op4pJ5JGj3cggZBx+tdnsYSs7HmRzDFQfLKbOOj8E2sgEiJIsYzycE19HaHdaF4L8GaJHq7iS4ktwY44VJZl/z6143p+qIWkS4ILSA4Y/lTvHjaxpV7pg1SeO4j+yo1q8PAEeTgHgc1vSksKnOC1Nfa1sW3GprbY9av8Axf4KvebrRryf5cZZVP6b/es+Pxp8MlZkbRr2KTvmI/0evMbHUl1C3BBzIBzk1V1Cz8394oIcdT3NP65OTvKKb9DjjNp8lRWPZbHxH8M7+XZEPKf/AKbRzKPxPIFYXx60vSV8HaS9rM407zGYLbSEqxK5HXivMrWV47eSLb5W85LAcn8aseKdWvdN8DWGny2TTaWt6Xa6Y/KrEH5MfrW88QpUpRcUvRHZhoc1eKirM0fCHjma60yCCOS6g8uNY0ignZUCgY6Z74rrvDviKTxNfS6Hc3U11Ddq0bRXEhcK20kHnnjHatzwx8N/C/iDw/ol1Jut9Se0QSC3uAhYY+8VOecVuzeDfCXw1sbvWIIw1+kTCKSafzXJI4AH/wBaijg6sbTlPQyqUVKq5RbSufNd1pd7Z3E6m1hZoyw7dB35rmrjXJG+VUhUA9kFdJa63PLfSec29WJ3fjXB61atY3k8TDA3ZX0wa8ipZPmjse/gqSnUlCotd0JqE0moTIpOW3YVenWumtLGA2YiKATxDBGM5xXJ6fKPMBAIdSNvsa65pAt3BLGCPMXDKv8AeHWoprU7sapQUYR0sUxZpNCHQlSTghh0qlLFJBKcopDDIJA5rZlmC3k8MR2oUEqqPXvVPWImms0eIlmQbieeB3FEo6GVKo7pPZlrwfd20fiC0N4kcNqzYeTywdo79q+jvDej6OvkT+HtP0rVLPa5e+M3mTxNjIGwjjmvmfwfBb3mvWgvFla2D5mWL72wdce+K9j03w34JtX/ALT05fGdjsJYXdtA4VR/vAdK9TL1y62Xz3/U4sbQhKpu72PPdV8aalofxEn1bUbJJLlHKmKe3CjbjA4+lXte+L2n6xBKJvDumz39wCjTzW2NnHUEHOa534nazb634suLqzvrnUrcKgEt4MSHCgHIwPSuKuI+rLuP49K46lapCUoxlo35HpUcFTqKE5KzSXkWLy43F1EEcQ/2UqL7YsZURlQcYJKCrErBtOjlyN/8Rz+lZrbWXBHNcB7EI6WLLTu6gsc/7qjA/SovtHzAZGDxytRRyGFj/EpHTtUkWTsPAbOBxxT9TZRse3/DG1DeEY7u20/UtSaO5YNHayQQrEcdQHQ7sjPHI9RXnnxKaX/hNLuSa1urVjtby7tkZxx6oqrj2wK6K0nXw94f1DR9W0RdZi0yYXTzx372/leYANoVRz0Fcf48s4rPXJEitfsMc0Ucq2/nmfaGUH75HvXpVNKSj2/rt+p5WGoxjWlNa3v/AFv2t0PYNQHihG26X/wjU1i8UW2O8WyEpO0cOHUH868j+JEupf8ACSN/aqWYufLUbLNYhHt7Y8v5a57V9Sl1aYzXZWaXCqH2gcKMD+VUGIQbQoBIzxWFetKpom7ep3YTBKjZvf0/UseYxUupUenyiobeaSG6EhwzAZ+7S+YI7bBByfxqOOQPtwdrNxXFJaHs07Wd9jf0O6nhJeOzgvVHzMskak/X1FbOjxtNavM2itMNx2z2820gehAPOKy7BZraxhntPMYo3zBMCtzQdYtrezd52kMm5gIssFP0FdGjXY8KdTlblGN9fO5+lv8AwTwXHwIc9AdRmIz+FFH/AATxKt8BztGB/aM3GfcUVtR/hxP0+F+VOx6R8cpBHd6YT3Rh+teQ6tqI8mRUJ7Zr1T4+zFb7TI16mJiM/WvENZujDbyBgoU4JP8AFX5xnN3i6ny/JH6Dl0uXCw+f5mvJqSw6WrZyR0FcneeONN8N2clxeXsUGSSfMbFeWfET43f2bYz2WnDfKoILvnOemQO1eCaxrt54ixJezNKG4Csc4NRhsnqVveqaI+PzTjTC4ROGF/eSWl+i+fU9U+I37TQa8ki0JfM4K+YVGPrXguteLr7XriSS7mdy5yQOlTSaCk2SgyR94dxVOTQPmx5hU59DX1WHwNLD/BE/NMXn1TMZXxFR+nRfIZp9wN5Qhl3IR0zzVWO2fd+9LYz0FXJtNu7XHl3bSL246VAzy+WUkbef72MGvQex43Om3Km73JrxjCRGsrOFHGRg/jU+m3UmnyLIh3KfvL2P1qirtNIFI+ZuOTUkzNBG4B+b1FSTKKcVB9SNLrzLh12BQx+XnOBnpWnppkWBugDNWBbzm3lZiM8d617aYeTGu7krzimicTD3bLYd4guBJawDg4dufwFQ3m6J7aYKUUwrn6gVX1Rt1tEhPAZucU+6uo7qzswXwY49jDv170NLc2prkpwSWmp1SXiXWmq2TyvesS1lms9XgkQsSH4ApNN1BYbIwtKCucrirFjIjXKyEghSTz9KqT5jyo0/YucLaanaWkovJPmJYM3K+9Lq8Me5WRfvLtzg/lXPaTdMzSF8kBTt+bGDXSW+oQarBH5cTbOhweQ3vXZTkpRsz5ivRlRnzLVHNalp4lkxjB45PFZq2726nc5B3dBXT61btGr7iM/3s1hL++k2kEHPepqR5Wehh60/Z67FdTsLK7EqR606ELK2xU2t/Oi8sXAaRCzKv3sdvemQt5ciFeD1x3rPVHZpOF4smWIYbd8h7e/+FPijYPg5HPYUXEzSXBbHB5AHSmxyHzhg4zUGWrWpZSFZGeKQFXPK4FXNKsWmzCpKAnaWHOfaq0jFpAVODtwSe1dD4bhTejgmQKudq+vrVxWp51apKMLkHirRYprW0jhA3xJtrnrK4ntW8qToBx2rrrxXvrlmLxwRg4Ck44qtNDafaY03iRRwzdfyrWaV7oyoYhqn7Keolr4kG2JLhSSqlN4GdwPrirtw8V5EoAyvlsrN6nsTVdpIX/cW9vtc/wDLRuuPap7W9tIwxmVftBb+I4QD6DmqjLpIxqRW8Y2INHjl0uBoZQwQvlNvUj0FWJ9aZZFECNGw9TU819HdTK5uYP3SHZHt4Ge4xWfp91bzzS/aFzIjZyrcEcVpztJJE8vO3OUdSyIJLmDzpD8+d2cds19E6P4J0nx14H0lNUso7vyI9qupKsv0YYPavDJmj+V1G6FlyMcjFe76P4u0/wAD+FNGt7mV3lktxII4QC2D3OcV6mDjFNue1isPKzblojn/APhnzw9a3PnW82pWjjnbHMrD6YZT+tWpPghpzNvhv7wMeGDKhH6LS6x8e9D0+6RZbW82yY+ZAh/mwpkP7Q3hVuS15CBwd0IP/oJNdn+xN7K50yjGqrvVDP8AhRen3MgEuo3ICnOIUVc/Xg5rh/2iNDsdA8B6ToWn7tgnaZvMO5mIHJP5mvU7P4yeFdQgee11HaEIDtKhQDPsa81/aK1G3vtH0bUbOSO6t5S8azRNuX9KWIjQjQl7M1oL2c4+zWqPPW8M6nFZaQ9zdWt3c3ixrEkcgMhVvu5XGQMY6132vfBHUdL0Q38WoR3VzEnmSWwTbwBkgHPOPpWx8Ofh+994ksfEbzRT6S9tHJCM/MGCgbSOwBzWxdeIrvXfiIEtJnNrbEo6A/u9gB3Fh0x1rno0oqF5rfRf5mFX4uZ9WfOl1psf2iO6hXIY4dR1B7jFc/4wsVa2S4CcRna24djXc6zYo19OY5G5kYjb0HNch4yvBHZrZxvu3YZuc9K8uqlGLR14CpKWIg4/0jjNPyt9D23NxXZxr9ms5ZD98H5c9s9642ziMkhIbEgORxXbcrpuJ8l2XgA857Vy0+rPezFtuHmZe190UucyBeSehqxazrISmAT/ABemPSqtuTHHlhkKMcjke9T6a0S3Kx5yJBj8aV9bGE17j62NDwTaK3jrRkIRreS8CuG9CeeK9k1PSfitJ4onuNLvrZNJScmC3W7g2+WDwCv0rxaGGOy160ubiyOoWu/MlorEGXHb8a9ltND8Froravr/AIQXw1pv34vtGoOZpjx8qxDB/lXq4Lm5ZQ2672/SxlUlGXLUte6ttfr6nkfxqtRp/wAQtXEMUcJYoxWMjG4qCxH41wsNvJcNtQYIGa2PF19pmoa9ezaPaS2eml8QwynLKMd+TWfFcZhCLiNumfWvMrS5qja7nt0uaFOK6ldinlzxJk7cMP61n8t1J9OlW9QDW9xujGAwxk+hqtJH5LBVJwa5/U9GG111ImZlYJnHFTBiu0kE4YEA1X/5aNnjcKWRtygACrW5ruelTfFDS7yHUBdeFUc6hsF00eoyJv2dMfKcfh61yfjLxEnijWGvo7P7GvlJElvv37QqgDnA9PSsKPIHA4PtRu2s2V5HStZVqk1yt6ehjDD06T5orX19BJCAqgrh+2KjZi0jEDge1I37xk5xxSxHD7D/ABDGaxZ3RXKrizcR88tx+VJBHuZRj7vc9aY7bo1GW3Z4xU9upeQc7hgcd6nWTLdoQdzu7HRpF0IxM3lTvzzwD7Zq14X0OyuVU3Ns0gZsbmYnv1GDWDcLhYZoZJkckfLG35kc1Pp14LK2M0GoyRzJIQ8UnR+fvDjr7V1c8brQ+S9jVlGXLPWT8/0P0+/4J7xiP4H3ChdoXVJwOe2aKZ/wTvbzPgOzZ3E6jOS3qciitKXwI/XaStTivI7L9o2Yw6hoxBwdjfTrXz540vvJ0m8l/jRCwP4V7n+05qUdnrGjRs2GeFj+tfOvjW9Eml3ABJ3Ieo68V+c5r/v0vl+SPuMNf6kkuzPkjXdUnv5pI2l/ibC+/wClVY7iI2oRDlgQ3Q+nPWq+qWySXk+yTLBmIXHPelXUlt9JMKqryygKqoeVAPf619dTeiZ/Nk6a+COupY+1G3YSRu2CMHjGPam3EyeYjF8RkZL4zWK2osmVwev3adNN5qlouh9uldKk9ifqqTTZ0Ef2c7gZNxI7nGawdWtxGu9AQv16UusQyWkcSg7SoBZjwc9cUWupR3VqYJhgsMBj0zTnK6SZFKi6X72LumULGMSTZIJA45NLqK+XNsGfXrVjT18hXZlGAeRVG+uPMnZgeMYFZ2Z6cbyqaIrKuSAeDn696lkkNncMImYjiordXMyDGSxz61Let++PHIPpikdTV5JW0LNxcC5son2kESEN+QqG1i87zIxncRuUd80MdtiBzjzM4A9hS2sht5oZ8/6tskjriqaJjpFxQ22kKSMpwQT37VsJ5lu24rlGGV9KytQha1vJApyAc59j0rY8Pzi8jNk5/eHLRsxwOB0pHLifh51qupoWd2LiKPaBGVXJ2nmtTwvvjvWVZGSKT/WA+mc8Vj28KQtJm4aB8EYC5B9q1PDN1Hb3R3/MCPl54zXTS1krnzeLXLCbg9zf16x2WEpQcqQS3tXJQ4knUKPmJxnOK7DUtQEunThsYbptNcpc6TNb2JvklJjVwMfrnNdVaKex5mBl7rjN2behuQxKNNuYwoYsmN1co3ytjJVhwK6l7rz/AA6lxCMHcBJjqfXNZc1vFNPuaRRC3OM81lJJ2aNcNUlT5uddTOjmeNhznB4NXLazNxMCA2Cc/KKmt4bOKbd5jSoR9zoQfrWgusJZ/JHANyD5WU8j6+tZKK6mtSq5O1KJMlhBbW7Tu37n7p3DJPvStcTabawFRI1rtDFM8YPrWZ9onvrsQzSNKzsCOcjHfitrUF5PXaRjn/CtF7ydtjilH2fKpO9zGF5E7PliC33Tk5FAdmBUZJ9d1Om0wpJuVRs746U6GMRnceTjpS16nRzQ3RMbGS6VZFlZRnGd33akm0vy544Zn3OSBgHjmopFIV/LIG7quan1HUvM1C3kXdvVELD0IpuSRN5PRMd9iNuGUbvwxUdxbtbTRMAdkyY3Y4JzW/NIkmJlG8MMjPAxUqW6XdnJHKgCBdy8ZwR3FbcmiscirW1kZdpdSW6rGkjE/wB09K39Q8SX18tvJeNmRAIk/wB30rFj097q3WVHw/RdtNeG780RtsuNqkgE/wCHetFJpaGfuzdiz4ktVuI0CyDzgAAoBwfrmuO1C3ktUbjADFevU12lvqHnIqPFsbPtg49c1haogm0q9kwmDNuUDtUzinqjqwtSUWoSWhXsdlnJC53xrIu2QMOoPUipdf8AEV1F4Ui8PmOFrW3ne4jlwd+T2znGPwq4/wBmlhiimCoTGCr5x+FZfiK1dNLIZvMEXKyDH3T2NS+ZRfKzqo1F7dcz6kvgX4na/wCH7BtMs9RaKxn+9EQCAT12k8j8K9L0bx9qWiaW1tbTwhG3FlkiDbg3XJP1rwbRZP3kS4Ge2OO9eiXV79nsl3qHcYC1phqs7avYvNIuNVcuhHrWofZ0kRWBkkBZjxkfSuD8QJ5gSRGLcfNzitu6eWRndjlmqjcW7NDjA3N/eNZ1HKTsXgVGg1K+pkaHZma4EpXCr0JNdHezGbazndtwAAabZwrYwrGAGbuaJ03NuC5NRGDijSviFVq37bFF8KpI4+ozWZcb+Nh2lWyDWlfXQtogMctyOc8VkvmSE5OcZ4zjFYSueph07czOh8Ea4r+MtOb7XFZGCYFbmdd0a4/iI9K971XxFqlwwlTxn4QnCnnzbMZx/wB9V8u6TG0n2hj1RMg45yTWvY3puI/Kcs204IPSu3DYh0k4Nb+djHF4e0uaGy8h3xGumn8bX8st5Y6gzFW+0aemyFuB90A1zXmBW3cEk/dFWdW077DeABtySAMOOnqKolvLbjt0FcUm+Ztnt0+WUIuO1i5Mv2q1KDAlX5h3zVR1M9uHbBZMI2OtPtm/fox7Z/nULK3nyomMH5h05IrPzOiPYpkFlGPpS7Sq7sD0qVW+YALjd1pGUxlkH5kU+pvzXI137BTchlIzyRTy3yk4wegFKxxGeeT3x0p31LfYj8vcoXbtI5FFsoMw39FXLccU5gVTB477gKkjkxayfKMkDk4pdbmkn7pV2sZieozz6VdsVZJFwMhuCtVlXbMCCRnBPtWvpdq11cRFckBsMcdqUdWZ4molHXaxtSWJTQUZ1UusgYHOCBn1rY8NXUeEt7hVkUStiFwBvJ45J470+6WG+0uWCOUB8fLg/oay9Htp5lufKcYhl8tVmIypPt611NctrHylOftqc/aO1mfp3/wT7Xy/gjcIFCBdVuBtXoPm6UUf8E+VMfwJYO25/wC0rjc2ep3UVrT+BH6/hn+5hr0RD+2OjrqmgTp/yzhfOAem6vnLWtSjutLYGU+bt/yK+jP2xNSFnrnh+NhlJLdweenzV8m+LpX0u6RkZTDIR34Nfm2cXjjJteX5I/Q8F72EjF9mfPWpSSW+vT/K2UkYEjHrioFaGziSSa28ouN6yZOX98dqm8UXhTxBdoRx5pIIAz1zWPNcG4iiAZmCqR8xzjmvraPwRfkfz7iKP7yUWrK7GySxzTK+Co289uaRSVO5XOQfWmRrHnaMk/SpVj2h4m53cr9a3RNuh0CTQ6po+1mJuF5J9O3NcrLHskKscOpOdvIra0GTak4DkMSFXbUOt2HlX7syFc4/PFay1Vziw9qNSVLo9Sta3gwY2jXYy4LHORVO4C7ePmY8nPanSAlyq9MVAwbcMD2Oaz36noxir6IsacG87cCSFHOO1QXLg3G4tnJxVmyUxrK2cDGD61TYHeD2PfikmVHWbZZVR9jTccZc96fCoMLDgA9c0jL/AKDFlertz+VEbbYyDyPY1WtjN+Xcuz7J7dNzKdo2Er7dCfwqjDJ5LI6v/qzwa19Ns/NtXyDublfpWXd2628h/hXp7ip9DGEoybgbttOl8wKEtJjJGc1YVWjweQAee1YGmXb2d5E65C9PrXdWjQXmneY6Yd3zwew71tHXqePjYug1peLKtneTglCTLAx2/NyR34qxr98IbIW0bkwyYY9R07dKZDaSxs6pJlGO7Znv2pdQjljtnEyhh6+hrqu+Vnhe57aMkipoetx6e7QyPmCQYcMeKpsY5Zz5RGzOc9qVYBNzncDwOAaVtOW3mXawjdfvR4xXPe6Wp6a9kpyktGypqEzW8wCscdRjpS292zEdM45xkVHdRvJO6luQelEMJTqfwrNb2Oy0XDY63w25kna88tG8kbfmzg5FX9avkuIkCoEcHO1T2qro/wDoNjGpUYZdzVBqEqcyKvbA4612/DTR8tKKqYhtLbYfJqayRmEAhmGevAx1pkcomb5CGHfGayVmKeYcfMwwPatXw3NGksyyKDuHB9Kx9pzNI63QUKbki5b25fzRnLKuSM1UvUVdQiZf44uRityHTw/nhJOil9wPXjpWEGN9eEs2dsW0HPOe1OXZGNOzk7bG5pdwslhEsn3lGBWj540/Ty7qG3fIqdyTXNNdeTDbA8lPlbbx+NWH1Dz5FxJvhUZCtW6lpY55UHv0Zf0thbkqWf5jyB2rVs2UBos9ywJNcy18WZ8grz2xgVYF3cRqTHLhgOOOtbRkoqxlKk5M2po0kilcNjapP096xpGhXTWhb51Izx/Op4dWjuNPdUXZKflbP61VmjENq7b8nHY5FLmT2HGEouzFvrUQ26NnzlkjXDEY2VHIwbwreRMASqsA3qDzV2bUkvLOCIfKyoB0wDVK6dF0e+jjXhVPYce9K1kbRcrq/dHB6TGrz27I6htwXA69RXpV80Usa5IDA8OTx0rzvwvG1xeqoH+rIbrxwc12F1cGTAChVY4NZYfRO56eaLmrJdiK9sZZbkJtAVB95Od1Ry2dyY1YxDys4Vx2pWuJI8De2fbiq91eTeSV3nA/hzxWulziipyaSJZVjtIzucM5HCrWVc6gbq4CRjbGCNwzk05VaQh3Yk9etMEAjgkfPJbr3rCUmzvp0oU9Xqylq1qPLjZaqW0iQrIsg3ZUgD3rba2+12jxYy3VT71gokhkKsP3gODmsprqevQnzQ5X0LGi2eLsjrHKMDJxzUdmrx3skYH8RXOa041dbix2HjIGO45qi+I9SnVXxmTIx25oj5C5nNyv1X5Fq8jW+0uWJkxOnIPcYrl5FYWq4P7wHJUD+ddVqUzQtG6Eokv3scDisjUIfst7HOBmKTlh25HIpVNzTB1Glbo9jLh+VdxOAvP1NVOWmEp+8Dn2q1fRmEhAv7s8o3tUUMIKEMcHqCelZM9qP83cW6hEczHB55GPeobiQyR8n5l4q7JC8lmrrhpIRsbaOq9jVGVd0anjPrTWxUBp+aNTn2pGVWXj60K21QpwaVlI6AgfpQaN6gqhlYA8VJZxLNDKAyqyrkZNJGG6t8qN1PalhJt5Dtw5IIBHSqQOWjQ4WoltRMpLMow1dp4Gjkex4aNVV97Bhlj/APWrnorNbfSRPg+Z5gDo3AKkVa0u5+y6fIwkMbxSEjb3HpVQfJNHmY1fWaEox7nS32gxTTebDI1vISXDKDtH1A7VjaHfQ6fq92biNZyJCd6tyGz1x3FaMN5quq7TBIkKLxvNYM1qLTUrkvM5lD4bIyG/EVrOVmpRR5mFhKUJ0a0r6dN18z9Tv+Cf0yz/AALaUDaJNTuWxnJ+/RUP/BPLef2ebbfnP9oXPX/roaK6Y6JH6zgmvq1P0OV/bm8V2uneOvCui3bpAL6ykaGZv+em8jb7ZxXzZeXSXQNhctl1Ybd+M167/wAFRvCV3qt14V1jT9zXVjaybkUnOzfnKgdwa+W/CXjg+MNGglkOzV7Tas6LxvUdHFfEZxhVOcq0H6/cfd5dWcYRpyXocv8AEjRY9P8AFV7HJuAU7vk64NchKV5RE2jkA9z9a9/8T+GbXxLeW99KN8jIBJg9a7bS/hh4Y1PQYd2lxo5AzIB8351ywzenRpqEottLyPlsRwvXrVZ1I1ElJ6LU+SY7aQbQFOAcVKGfacjpzmvre4/Z+8NvFG0cUkTEgfI1R3v7OGhPMwiM0Ue3kYzn15rRZ9h9nF/h/meVPhLH9JRf3nyraP5d9FIc44z2GRXX+ONGljtFumAdXAfKD7uR0Ne3H9mnSH8hVu5eevyiuhT4J6FsnW+Wa+2IEXzHwMDjoK6P7dwtmrP+vmebPgvMqlaFROKt5v8AyPjhgFYZPJ6cVWKne3IxnGK+lvEnwA03+0IksJJo1kRmKkZxz61wmpfAy/tboxxSCVFP3gDnn161dPN8LU05rGtThzMaN/c5vRnmDExQkEfhVCSMMy56/WvTNQ+Ft5H+63gvnB4Pp16ViX3wz1a0RmWLzkHeM5b8utdUMbh5Oymjzf7Lx1FXnSf9ehzEa77WNVbIDsMGpFhPJxtA68da3bXwneywwwi2k372BXYc9vatWPwLqbDH2GREx1YYzXS8RSjq5JHkewxE5WhTk/kyno7RRWsZf7ytj14zTPE2kpJGLiM5QjrXZaP8PdUubF4Gt2wXBXAB6gYrs9L+B+q31m0UhjjDJhvMPfPUcVjLMsIlaU0c8cjzZ1/aU6Et/wAD5vVfurxn1wa2dB1FraRk+8uT8rV6/qP7KmuRuxtdRsnwN21twP06Vx9x8EvFehXHmS2DSxhtpaJgwJ/Oinj8NJ6TR7OLyXG+zanRf3X/ACKIuZYgXC8YBHr+FTtrENzb+TKrAZ9R+datv4J1eR2hOn3TbR822MnA71J/wqHxNdf8emlXDt23x7f612/XaEVf2i+9HyMcmxNR2dCaf+F/5HKSf6PGZIyy7jjpxVvXJxcXEbrgMqAMR3x3NdBN8F/HZh8t9DlIB3HEiH+uahb4a+LAqrJoN5vA5KxFufqPrU/W8Nb4196N55PjoOM3RlpfozirlisxYHhveptGjFxqkCPkKXx7Dmuk1T4c+I4VXOi6htGCf9Gf/Cs+38Ia0vmGHTro3Scqgt33H1GAKlV6UtVJfeVLCYiMOWVNpvyZ1FxZpHFM/mK4jBz6/SsPWIStkJ4yJEPJC1ctNQ1GyDQajpV4qSfK3mQsG6e4qnCs0O5AkhTHHyHOPSu2VanNaSWp8xDBYnDzvOD+4yI7kIMuCNw6etbFg8ccbPGd/pTDZSXTR+TZvIQOYvLODn3HQ1tWNrYaaoW9s7zT2b7v2qPMefTcox+dZw5eZao6a1+TSLv2HWNxH9nlVWIZoiwIPBPSs7T1Fu251bDHDcdBXVWsSLeW08KRG1VCcpjDH+tYmpZkeYRqQxYk7eK6JNaNvY8eM024pbldVgmmdGK+Xjrjn9KiS3hEjMrKiY4B61CqywqVK8n0zmk8thJnDHC96jn1OmMWla5aaFVQFWHIq1bqoIPynPeq1v8AvE3MjE/Tirtrn5fkzkfdxmt4yMJXXUga0gaeVNu185HTGM1P9hWS3mRdxGwn8ajkjNnqBLE7M9e4q3eMbe3ZgfvAjj3q4WsyJyldWZT+ziG3jIRsBMFqrX0AbRZ3HDrGSxJxx6Vfjinms1K/JGoALHkn8KzvEUh+xPBHli4y0jgDOB0ok+WJrSvKrFeZzfg5mhvJdvG+MZLDIz2/rW5JObqZZGIC7uWAx+YrN8GzpHdz20i7BKiOCp6Y71rq3l3c77AsU0hKbvb/ABrKk/dPUx2taTt2IbjayjknPQ1Ukj4Xg10LWsBt1IjzJ0OScj8KqrpryMABhT3NdTg5HlxrKJlzRRxjAHzY5NQqnONgAPetN7PYzFR93g8dap/Z2DbmJI9KHDU3hUXcSGNbd8tyPyrHv4h9tyoGZT+ucVrsr+Z+pFU5rd5pFkIwF6ZFc9SOljuoTcJOTYjMkd7ExPyx8cDrWfcRk3jTY2pnmtC4GZcgZAHSq87tIwD/ACj3FZrsdVOTumiDUJFmt/vYAqlMpltNsh6Dj29qsqpVS8gPlqelVr1mZSRzu4G0cVk7tnfSioWijKEYkQx5Py5KhqTbuQb+o/zmrUcex0DrnDfpTLm3bznXaQinj6dam3c9LmvoLp5Vbwwsco42kdqpyx/NJDtP7tuD7VKqjltw3Kcjird8Fa8jmUELMmeh796ehSdpX7/oZaxKqjk57CnGM9x14FWo7XbMUcdKfJbFWwG4z0p2vuEqiuVfI2yBd3y9TmtXw7pCXl4gOcD5iTUcNqzAkgNn2rqPCcO24GRyw64rSEeaSTPPxmJdOjLl3MnWpUbV7i2Awhj2YJ4yBx/Ks3RtvMbqWRhtbipNaYrr87g/Nvz29aRY/s9854zIN34GolrI1grUFFdUjSlvbnTFFuZD9n4CsvUDtVvw9JptpfXL3trLdEkMoPzDkdTzTLeJLizEdwDtGHBAyc9hmtTw9cSaZqlwLSxmKlEMiYLHoeauz01POlUj7Oat73lpfVdT9Nf2E7m3vPgPbS2yFIWvrnCkY/5aGipP2F5nuPgLZu/BN7c/w7f+Wh7UV2rY/UcrVsFS9Ecv+2pbefqmhk8oLWQMvrzX5seONJuPhp40t9a0+Atp8zbiijCgk/MnsPSv0y/bIZF1TQdy53QSDnp1r4i+IWiQaxC1lPjyJAQWJ5VuxHoRXwmKxHsMwqRl8MtH9yP0bD0va4OFt1t95SsPFCz31pf2brJp12gIGc7SeoPpXqlrqQsbGJn/ANWwBHHvxXyjot1c+A9em0TV2kWymPySc4GTw49j3r3XTdcT+x/sF7Idw2mJskhlzxg14eY4T2crw2ex6eFrqrG0tGtz3a1uBLHaNk7cg7e9bV1IGuHQc4GSDXC6TqqG6tIMkbVU8nrXWyTCe8c7uqj5cdOK+estjvuT7o1nswxx8uaikkRmlBAU5/OpF+a8twxyUXIHP8qreWZZHbqN1RcCnIvnXwXC/IuC2eacujo07seoPPNSRoq3khH0zT7d/Mk2oOTy2fatYkSMu+0eKZVWVQefTmqEnhqGTKCNCVfJ+UV08luWEQ/hOajhtRh+fnJ963WjOflOJ/4QaHcxDMrjOMDitK38EwW9t8ymRMZUnrXSrBlRnnKHBPWtCONHhCoPlAwRmtHJy3Zj7OKexi6fpKwkokS7QEYkYHcdK3ZoUhVggKkfrzSw7Iw4xncoGaZeShZNuM/N1NZttq5qopbC7hIszY37Vx70hjVo8OEJ3KRxVGO5EPnZb5SD/OsjUfEi2MzAqWB6flUqLbWpTtc1o0RZLg5XdtIBqeO4BXYRuz+FeX/8LSWyml3Q7yvy4DfhWtpvxAtbhUDKQ/Oeen0q5xlHcydjvVlBZyMHPBwakikj2uTyFGAfwFcna6skm5kferNjd3rRt7pWIXOAx2k59QMVyXZenY7DTRFJNub/AFgPA56cVa2rFqC9g3GRWNp9z/pEo3fdA+XNXJJvMvVGMYUkc0LzNLRa2NG8h828t1Ybvn6D2FO1SyibT5B5McjYJ5QcjjrSZEt/bAv82cmpNcLLbs0Z5zt5PbvW6bVrMz5IyeqMuPQLGa3gL2du+cZBiHA/KsvWPAei3V2yNYRMsiYOF4NdZZ/NpYLAkquBiqF0zteQLjIyM/lVxqTXUzqYWhPVwT+RxVr8FvD00im2s0gkdSCIflyfpUa/AfTHOzy5N+ck8cV6bpUZS4DlMKM8Vqqcu7Kcgc9cZrt+tVVqpP7zzKmS5fVlzToRd/JHhi/Bez+0LFGXQ9MYHPSrGrfAOwtwCpZeefkBFelQwiTUSWyvPH51t6rGPs8hULuH1rSGNrpXU2cs+HMqk9cPH7jx6H4AWM1umZiAwztEY5qjH8A7dJMx3GAD/cAx+te4W8bfZkY4yQe2KqptzJtOeGPP0rdZjio7VGjjlwpk0v8AmHieCz/s6m6tpJ/talgxAUqfXjvWTJ8A9QMeSUkTOMAkY/OvpC1ZmthuOQQScVCoVreTauE+UYbjtXRTzXFRfxs5KnBmS1FrRt6Nr9T5rX4JazP5JWOFEY7QPM9PwqLUv2b9b1WaW2jNtB8uTI0h4wPSvpCFEi+yoiYG/p26Yq1IGhuZmH3QMAY9a2/tfFPS5zR4HyaDUo03df3mfJF9+zDr+gXVle2d7b3rsgzGF2HI6jn1pmtfBHxBOo8mwYSY2hdygbj15zX1VdTJJNABtyF79j7U1bcD7A7Hdtf04PB61cc4xMFy9x1+CsrxE1N8ya8z5f034E+LksYhd2ah16FZVJIHqM9avn4O+Io4HdrCXapA4Zcn9a+nrpFIdsAjYTx9agusLYNjIPGa3jnuKp6Kx51bw/yqq+a8k/X/AIB8n3PwZ8ULcM0elSshOSvykgfnVHUPhL4ogLLBo9zKVIBCR5I/Gvre8YLJIyk8ovfvioolVvMLKQ28A1S4hxK3ijF+HuX/AGas193+R8gr8K/E64abRbxZFONojJP6Vl6n8PfEFj8z6PfLjIZfIbj8a+1pRwXXo0mBup7BbhXDYYYOaP7fq/yIn/iH2FTfLXl87HwRc+G9Tj+Y2F0hHAHkt/hVGbSL9V3PazjHJVomzX3P5f302jbnb+FV2tVW8kjkRdnk8AqMfyoWfu2sA/1EhFe7X/D/AIJ8ItbyTZj2H0K1GdPMMOVU5B54P5V9xX+iWEzDzLG3cMMYaJT179KydQ+Hfh66XMum25Gf4UIPb0qln0G9YGM+CsRH+HWVvNP/AIJ8RyqcN8pAxjNRSSgQsG4JGPmGf1r7Hu/hD4VaRlOmRqzHjazA/wA653Wvgf4baEsltIkmQFw5IAzWn9uYf7SZH+qWOitJRfzf+R8mqWXK7T6ZAxWlpkfm7UeNn8jPU+vbHsa+jpv2edElJMc8sXGcZHH6VT/4Z802xVbmC/l85sq29Rt/IVvHOsK97/cYT4ZzHlajFfeeC/YWGdp8wZ3BjxSG3UMGC5ByMmva9T+Cs0FvNKjxyIOnVeK5PUPhreQxs3kSBc8bR6V2RzLC1HpM8SpkOa0tXSv6NM5HTNN8zLsnyDk81oWs22RSOAv3e1dNZWdhZwpaz29ylzjEjbeDn8axL3TwbhliZhs67kIwK9KOIo2ThNM+Uq5dmLnJV6EkvQ4zXGDa5Ntbh/8AGjy8tG4OXB2njjFaV9pdxcawHSMmNsAtjj6mrEmktDI4Vd2Dxjv71ClGT3PSkp0oRTi1p2J40a1t4pZEYQlNhPoQasafsbVnZZGYiNS7s3fmpdcunt/DsARBukVSeM8jrWFqkcdvdWoCFQ0Q3885PJrpclHRanj0KbxCd9L3X3H6r/sMyCX4C2LeYZR9sufmbr/rDRVP9gONY/2dNM252m8ujz/11aiuxaq5+u5bHkwdKN9kjO/bF8J+J/EmqaC+g+HtR1qKKBxK9jFv2Et0NfKWofBj4l39ww/4QTxDs35GbBxiv1P3Ubq8WvlNHEVHVk3d+h9TRzKpQgoRSaR+SfxG/ZX+IniyygA8D60LqNP3cq2pOP8AZb2rD8I/Af4zWtomkah8OfEJWFsW139jY7Oc4JPG33r9iN1G6rjllKNH2LbaJlmNR1FVSSfz1Pzi8PfCL4lz3FpNd+DNWt5oowpLQYDYP1r023+FnjaZiZPDd6ny/wB0dfzr7Q3Ubq8mXDeGk787X3f5HZ/bVa1uRfj/AJnx5F8KvF63gc6BeKu0AnA6/nUY+FPi5WYjw9ef6w9E7evWvsfdRurP/VjDfzy/D/IP7arfyL8f8z4yt/hL4wW8uXPh++CsMqWUY/nS2Hwp8YRtIX8O3qk5wdlfZm6jdTXDOGTv7SX4f5C/tqt/Ivx/zPjsfCrxbnnw/eYAPWP2pkfwv8XIoA8P3w5/55e31r7H3Ubqv/VvDr7b/D/In+2Kv8q/H/M+PB8L/FbRx7tAvV4AI8rnrVqL4W+JoVXGhXpDE5zGc19c7qN1H+reH/nf4f5B/bFX+VfifIX/AArHxVulA0G+Pp+6OKjm+FviqSQldAvgobvEa+wd1G6j/Vyh/O/w/wAg/tir/KvxPia4+FnjFvtAXw5qOG4BEJrjfE3wl8eurmDwfq03G3C2zHvX6F7qN1VHh2hF3U3+H+Qf2xV/lX4n5UXP7P8A8TJ55pf+EH1vaw4X7G/+FRf8KR+JyGE/8IL4hBVv4dPl6flX6ubqN1b/ANhULWcn+Bn/AGpV/lR+XOk/DX4saWuT4F8QMiknAsJGJz7Yr0LQfAfjq8ktTd+Cdbg2uA26wkXPA55HFfoJuo3VjLh3DS15mvu/yK/tar1ivxPirT/hv4wFxcu3hrUkU7Qm63bNaFv8PfFx1Bi3h7UBGFwCYG5r7F3Ubqw/1Zof8/H+A/7Xqfyr8T5Mt/Avij7akjeHtQUJ0PkNirN14H8TTwhf7AvwdxJHksa+qt1G6n/qzQ/5+P8AAf8Aa9X+VfifMEfgPxHFpnlrot6HYYI8ls+9UZPAHiX90o0S/bjkmBsfyr6t3UbqP9WqH/Px/gV/bNX+RfifN2n+B9cjtQraTeKyr3hbJP5VcPg3Wt27+yrvpyBC3f8ACvoXdRurT/V2h/O/wF/bFT+VfifMEfgXxBHqKsNIvhGc7s27f4VqX3g7XZIHVNKvCzYwPIb1+lfRe6jdS/1dopW9o/wH/bFS9+RfifPH/CJ675SgaRd5VcDMDVmReCdcedy2jXyjnn7O+Ofwr6a3UbqP9XaP/Px/gT/bFT+VHzNF4R12Bdh0e/PykcW7kHn6VA3hHX9uP7G1AbkU/Lav27dOtfUG6jdVf6vUf53+Af2vU/lR8vN4T13zbXGh6go3ZJNs5x9eKa3g/X/tl1/xJL8hujfZXx/KvqPdRup/6v0v+fj+5C/tap/Ij5TbwLrk0gzo2ooyoRxavjp9KVfB+vBrdDoeoBVOebVz/SvqvdRuqf8AV6le/tH9yH/a9T+RHyxN4P15VG3SNRY7Sf8Aj1f16dKSbwj4g+ytGui6gSWHH2Z/X6V9UbqN1H+r1L/n4/uF/a1T+RHynd+DdckZv+JNqAOVxttn7fhVVPCuv7i0mjaiP3mD/ocnr16V9bbqN1H+r1L/AJ+P7h/2vU/kR8jz+FdZk2/8SfUNvm8hrV+OevSpW8Ma1DEU/sm9XIIH+jP/AIV9Z7qN1L/V6n/z8f3B/a8/5EfGL+ENaV1c6TqGSfm/0d/8Kdd+FNYE0jHS7wbocE/Z3/wr7M3Ubqn/AFdp/wDPx/cP+15/yI+K5PDuo/aIgNMvHjCgZ8hiM/lUUnhjVF80/wBnXh+bA/cP2/CvtnNFT/q3D/n6/u/4If2vL+T8T4ak8L6qWyNOvD8x627f1FUb7wzqrxso0y8bnG4W79M/SvvP8KPwqf8AVqHWq/u/4I/7Xl/J+J8Df8I9qSsVGm3I7ENA2ev0o/4Ry/CJG1jcFcknMTev0r7370v4Uf6tw/5+/h/wRf2tL+T8T4CvNFu/s8q/ZZhhscxt6VSutAYWKq0EgJON2w9a/QraPSjj0prhuK2q/h/wSXmrf2PxPzN1DwbLNqRL2TuuM58uuUuvAoku70tbtECflwhA79M1+rmB6U3av90Uf6v22rfh/wAEP7TX/Pv8T8iG+HzQ2/yuzNuJLAcCuRm8Pzw3EqO6bgTwcH8a/aTaPTNCqvXaBXVDJ5Rf8X8P+CY/XotW5Px/4B+J1jpayagUYxkAjIbH9a39a0e1hRmktkVs4DY6Cv2T2r/dFRNZwPndBGc9cqOa0llM201Va+X/AATF4ijJ+9RT+7/I8B/YThSH9nvTAmApvLojH/XZqK+gre3ito9kMSRJnO1FAFFe9Tg4QUW72PPdr+6rI//Z)

In contrast, the plastic carrier bags used by AISPL are white and carry a
device with the letters “AI” enclosed within a circle: 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

AB 233–235.

![](data:image/Jpeg;base64,
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)

Evidence as to confusion

56 AISPL in arguing its case to the contrary, introduced evidence of confusion
through a customer. Mr Prakash s/o Manikam (“Mr Prakash”) testified that
sometime in February 2021, his wife had asked him to go to All India Supermart
to buy groceries and vegetables, but he purchased the goods from Indian
Supermarket instead. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief of Prakash s/o Manikam affirmed on 21 July 2021
(“Mr Prakash’s AEIC”) at paras 5–10.

Mr Prakash had not been to AISPL before. His confusion arose mainly because
“INDIAN SUPERMARKET” sounded and looked similar to “ALL INDIA SUPERMART”, his
wife had told him about the arrangement of vegetables outside each
supermarket, and the proximity of a car park, church and police station near
both supermarkets. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

Mr Prakash’s AEIC at paras 7 and 12; Transcript, 22 September 2021 at p 79
lines 20–23 and p 102 lines 23–24.

Mr Prakash also claimed that he had asked the Indian Supermarket staff whether
it was All India Supermart and the staff replied in Tamil that they were “all
the same”. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

Mr Prakash’s AEIC at para 8.

57 Mr Prakash’s evidence does not assist AISPL. He was not himself a customer
of AISPL and his confusion was that of a person unfamiliar with AISPL.
Further, Mr Prakash’s affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”) indicates that
he did notice the difference in name as he “thought maybe the name had been
changed”. This led him to call his wife to check if he was at the correct
supermarket, and to ask the staff at Indian Supermarket whether it was All
India Supermart. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

Mr Prakash’s AEIC at paras 7–8.

When the goods were unpacked, his wife also observed that the colours used in
the plastic packaging were different. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

Mr Prakash’s AEIC at para 9.

His confusion arose from the fact that both All India Supermart and Indian
Supermarket were located near a car park, church and police station, and
vegetable displays were seen outside each supermarket. This was premised on
his wife’s directions concerning All India Supermart. His wife was not called
as a witness to confirm this or any of her instructions. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

Transcript, 22 September 2021 at p 80 lines 9–25; DWS at para 133.

Moreover, Mr Prakash operated a club in Dalhousie Lane in Little India and had
also worked at another club in Dunlop Street. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

Defendants’ Supplemental Bundle of Documents at pp 44–46; Transcript, 22
September 2021 at p 77 lines 6.

These clubs were a 15-minute walk away from Norris Road, where All India
Supermart is located. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

Transcript, 22 September 2021 at p 77 lines 6–14.

Yet, he claimed that he had never been to Norris Road and did not know where
it was. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

Transcript, 22 September 2021 at p 94 lines 21–26.

His evidence is wholly implausible.

58 Initially two witnesses were intended on the point of confusion. Mr Thava
Kumaran s/o Ramamutty (“Mr Kumaran”), affirmed an AEIC but did not attend
trial for cross-examination. His AEIC was thus disregarded pursuant to O 38 r
2(1) of the Rules of Court (2014 Rev Ed). As was pointed out to Mr Prakash in
his cross-examination, there were some uncanny similarities between the AEICs
of Mr Prakash and Mr Kumaran. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

DWS at para 134.

Both claimed that, sometime in February 2021, their wives had given them
directions to travel to All India Supermart, and they took a route which
happened to pass by Indian Supermarket. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

Mr Prakash’s AEIC at paras 5–7; Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief of Thava
Kumaran s/o Ramamutty affirmed on 30 July 2021 (“Mr Kumaran’s AEIC”) at paras
5–7; DWS at para 129.

Both witnesses referred to the same Google Maps map which showed the walking
distance, and not the driving route, between All India Supermart and Indian
Supermarket. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

Mr Prakash’s AEIC at para 6; Mr Kumaran’s AEIC at para 6; AB 583; DWS at para
130.

Both also claimed to have been told by the staff at Indian Supermarket that
All India Supermart and Indian Supermarket were the same. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

Mr Prakash’s AEIC at para 8; Mr Kumaran’s AEIC at para 8.

Although this does not necessarily suggest that Mr Prakash colluded with Mr
Kumaran, it diminishes the persuasiveness of Mr Prakash’s account.

59 It is appropriate to deal at this juncture with Mr Prakash’s assertion that
the staff of Indian Supermarket informed him that Indian Supermarket was being
operated by the “previous owners” of All India Supermart, and that Indian
Supermarket and All India Supermart were the same or related entities. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

SOC at para 8(vi); Mr Ramalingam’s AEIC at para 64.

Apart from Mr Prakash’s testimony, AISPL has not adduced any evidence of
ISPL’s staff informing customers that Indian Supermarket and All India
Supermart were the same. More fundamentally, even if the staff had told
customers that Indian Supermarket was operated by the previous owners of All
India Supermart, this was not a representation that ISPL’s business was the
same as or connected with AISPL’s. On the contrary, this would have indicated
that All India Supermart and Indian Supermarket were different entities.

60 Therefore, in my judgment, AISPL has not succeeded in proving the requisite
misrepresentation, nor that any confusion has been caused. I dismiss AISPL’s
claim in passing off on this basis.

Conclusion on the Suit

61 I therefore dismiss AISPL’s claims against ISPL.

62 The issue of Mr Baskaran’s liability follows therefrom. AISPL’s case
against Mr Baskaran rests on his active involvement in the affairs of ISPL as
a director: see Gabriel Peter & Partners (suing as a firm) v Wee Chong Jin and
others [1997] 3 SLR(R) 649 at [35]; Tan Tee Jim, Law of Trade Marks in
Singapore (Sweet & Maxwell, 4th Ed, 2021) (“Tan Tee Jim”) at paras 11.120 and
19.346. This position was not seriously disputed, whether as a legal or a
factual matter, by Mr Baskaran. He is the sole director and 50% shareholder of
ISPL, with the remaining 50% being owned by his cousin. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

Defence at para 11.

On Mr Baskaran’s own evidence, it was he who incorporated ISPL, chose the name
“Indian Supermarket” and the design of ISPL’s Mark (including the Customer 23
Device), and made key decisions on matters such as what products ISPL should
sell. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

Mr Baskaran’s AEIC at paras 18–21 and 27.

Mr Baskaran also stated during his cross-examination that he was the
controller of Indian Supermarket as regards its operation, as he was “the one
who invested the money”. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

Transcript, 23 September 2021 at p 20 lines 13–15.

In these circumstances, it is clear that Mr Baskaran would be responsible for
authorising and directing ISPL to commit the acts of passing off and trade
mark infringement, if ISPL was itself liable for the same. However, as I have
found that AISPL has not made out its case in either passing off or trade mark
infringement against ISPL, AISPL has also failed to establish Mr Baskaran’s
personal liability.

Invalidity of ISPL’s registered trade mark

63 I turn now to the OS, by which AISPL seeks to invalidate ISPL’s Mark under
s 23 of the TMA. AISPL relies on six grounds, which I deal with in turn.

Passing off

64 First, AISPL submits that the registration of ISPL’s Mark is liable to be
prevented by the law of passing off, and that its registration therefore
breaches s 8(7)(a). 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

OS 477 Statement at para 19; PWS at para 189.

Section 8(7)(a) provides that a trade mark shall not be registered if (or to
the extent that) its use in Singapore is liable to be prevented by virtue of
any rule of law (in particular, the law of passing off) protecting an
unregistered trade mark or other sign used in the course of trade.

65 I have found at [40]–[60] above that ISPL’s use of the trade mark and trade
name “INDIAN SUPERMARKET”, as well as the surrounding circumstances, do not
establish the requisite misrepresentation necessary for passing off. AISPL
argues that, because of the similarity of the goods on which AISPL uses
AISPL’s Mark and the goods for which ISPL has registered ISPL’s Mark (such as
the goods in Class 31 (vegetables and fruits)), there is a likelihood of
confusion or deception amounting to a misrepresentation. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

PWS at paras 182 and 188.

In my view, this does not automatically follow. AISPL has not shown how ISPL’s
Mark misrepresents to the relevant sector of the public that its business is
the same as or connected with AISPL’s business, thereby giving rise to
confusion.

66 The ground in s 23(3)(b) read with s 8(7)(a) and of the TMA therefore
fails.

Similarity to earlier trade mark

67 Second, AISPL contends that ISPL’s Mark is similar to AISPL’s Mark, that it
is to be registered for goods or services similar to those for which AISPL’s
Mark is registered, and that there exists a likelihood of confusion on the
part of the public. On this basis, its registration should be invalidated
under s 23(3)(a)(i) read with s 8(2)(b) of the TMA. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

OS 477 Statement at para 20.

68 Comparing AISPL’s Mark with ISPL’s Mark, I find that they are dissimilar.
For ease of comparison, I set out both marks side by side below:

![](data:image/Jpeg;base64,
/9j/4AAQSkZJRgABAQEAeAB4AAD/2wBDAAMCAgMCAgMDAwMEAwMEBQgFBQQEBQoHBwYIDAoMDAsKCwsNDhIQDQ4RDgsLEBYQERMUFRUVDA8XGBYUGBIUFRT/2wBDAQMEBAUEBQkFBQkUDQsNFBQUFBQUFBQUFBQUFBQUFBQUFBQUFBQUFBQUFBQUFBQUFBQUFBQUFBQUFBQUFBQUFBT/wAARCAA2ARQDASIAAhEBAxEB/8QAHwAAAQUBAQEBAQEAAAAAAAAAAAECAwQFBgcICQoL/8QAtRAAAgEDAwIEAwUFBAQAAAF9AQIDAAQRBRIhMUEGE1FhByJxFDKBkaEII0KxwRVS0fAkM2JyggkKFhcYGRolJicoKSo0NTY3ODk6Q0RFRkdISUpTVFVWV1hZWmNkZWZnaGlqc3R1dnd4eXqDhIWGh4iJipKTlJWWl5iZmqKjpKWmp6ipqrKztLW2t7i5usLDxMXGx8jJytLT1NXW19jZ2uHi4+Tl5ufo6erx8vP09fb3+Pn6/8QAHwEAAwEBAQEBAQEBAQAAAAAAAAECAwQFBgcICQoL/8QAtREAAgECBAQDBAcFBAQAAQJ3AAECAxEEBSExBhJBUQdhcRMiMoEIFEKRobHBCSMzUvAVYnLRChYkNOEl8RcYGRomJygpKjU2Nzg5OkNERUZHSElKU1RVVldYWVpjZGVmZ2hpanN0dXZ3eHl6goOEhYaHiImKkpOUlZaXmJmaoqOkpaanqKmqsrO0tba3uLm6wsPExcbHyMnK0tPU1dbX2Nna4uPk5ebn6Onq8vP09fb3+Pn6/9oADAMBAAIRAxEAPwD9UKKKKCBGbapPWlpPxpc0AJj2paTcPWj8aAFoozRQAUUm4etFAC0UmR60cetMBaTHtR+NHHrQAtFIDmlpAFFFGRQAUUZFJ+NAC0UmeOtHHrTAWik3D1o/GgApaKTI9aAFopPxpaQBRRRmgBKWijNABRRRQAUUUUAJ6UtFIzbcknAoA8w/aQ+K/wDwp/4V6trNuDNrDx+Rptqi7nnuW4RFHc5rH/ZP+Md18bfhDbatqWI/EFpPLYanFtx5Vyh+ZcdgM4/CvLfiRNq/7QX7R1pofhPWtNgsfASJdXS3sZlSa7kyU+UHkIFB9iw9K4X4K+LF/Zb/AGrfFngXxhrFm9n46mXU7Ke0VkghvDndGV/h3Z49SaoR2/hfxh438T/tseLPAJ8W3UHh3RdMi1tIFUAuWkWMxdPu85r6S+J1rfXHw/1r+ztRn0y+itXliurf76soLcflXyL4G8ceH/Dv/BSD4mXeqa3aWNtL4Ugt45LiZVVpBOhKAnuACcV774g/aE8IeJNS17wlo2qQardQaRPeXk9tIPKt0wVXdJ90Etxj3FMDmP2FfHXin4pfCD/hLfFWsnVbvULuRIkwAsKJhcADpkgk/Wvo7mvjf/gn18SPCfhX9miwttU8SaZZ3EF5dSSxzXCoyAtnkH6GvqjwL42034ieG4Ne0eb7Rplw8iwT4wJAjshYe2VOD360hny5p/jj4g6z+2l4i+Gsfi2WHw/DpZ1NQkCs0asu1UB7EMc5+lZfwf8A2qvEXg39oDXPhp8RtQW88PpcNp+keIpItm+5HziKV/u7ijdfVaTwdr2nx/8ABTDxjuubcD/hGooA4YD95uBKe7YOT7fSk0n4W+Gf2lJPjr4Qu9SR2k1iG5sLi0mVntZljIE0YHIO7AJ70wPUJ7vxjeftQX3hmHxk8Xh+TRDqi2CRgvE3mCMDPYZOffBryP4Dax8Yvjl4j8dyH4kLpKeF9YudFt7OO33LN5T4Esgxznj61F+yj4o8Zw/tLal4T+JUMcHiXwv4XbT/AO0xgJqdsLiMxTgnvtU5PsfU1N+w38QvC/h3WvjV/aXiLT7Er4x1K48u4nRCYzICH5PzA4OMeh9aAO6+Fv7QXjDWPiZ4l+DXxAW20vxxaWzXel6tp0bJDfwAZ3hT90jB49qT9iL4u+NPi5qHxK/4SvU47yPw9rT6VbLHFsBClssT3PA+nNef/D+6i+OH7c2qfFHQhMvgbw1okmnrrFwpjt7ydgykRMcAgbjz/s/Sq/7AXjvRPCGj/HzVtV1K2tLKz8U3V1LI0qhQmX5HPOcHnuaBHqP7Rn7Wj/Cf4p+EdBsrdp9GjvYh4kvVTItIpcrEuexLYP0FfT1tcLcQpIhDI43Kw6EHoa+A7T4G+OPjb8I/iP4y/tTw+kHxCU6rBHeLI09lEgP2YBwSqny1jYjsxNe2/sF/HT/hcnwP0+31G6ik8S6Cf7Nv0WQMzbBhJD/vKP0oCxJ+1N8atT8E+NPh/wCBtP1mDwjH4rnkWbxLdDKWwjwREvbfISFBPA5NWfAbfFbw54+bw9reuQeK/CtzpU1zbeII4QsscwbhWxwTgjGPep/2mB8MvHWsaB8MviXDFFa+IYJ57G+kmEJimi28I5+6xDEg+2O9eE/AKLW/gT+0pF8K/D3i2T4g+CtVsJbxBLMJpdJVQcb3BIwcAD1oA9M/Yx+Knjn4qax8Q7fxRq0V5B4a1L+y7cLCEdyctvb14AGK7HVvFHjDUP2itR8Iwa9FY6LFoY1KOOO3Bk3MzJtyfcBvzryH9i/VbP4VfFT42+EvFt1Z6Brt1raapbQ3EojW5t3DAPGzH5gCcH3zXp3hnV7Hxt+1B4s1zRbq11DSNI8Pw6ddXsOGT7Qzs/l+Z04XBOPUUAeJ+C/j58ZvFXh/4qeIbHV9Hk/4QfUZLYafdQlVu4VBbG4dHwuM+5qT4oftieKtW+AHw1+JHhKaPR38U6mmk3Wn3EYby2O9WaNvUFciuH/Zo+BukfHrxJ8adM1Lxfqen6ZJ4jxPpOkXipHdRhWDAkcsozjcPWur/wCChXgDw54B+Cfwm8EaEsGl6VZ+JLa3gt2lCts2PuYse+SSW96QH0HoGk/FPQ/HXh8XfjXS9a0iclrzT2h2zGLYR5iHvhiuR715v/wn3xl8d/Hj4jeB9B8T6JosHhSKC6t5rmyZ/P8ANTIV+egPX6VueEfAfw1+C3xD0zxXpnja7v77UrcaNDosupi/82SWSIqIVySu3YAccYPNeEeLPhrrnxb/AGmv2gtO8H+Mbzw14m+xafJZ/Z7sJHc7UG6JwOoOMcdOaYdT6P8A2afj54i+Pnw98Xwahb2+ieKfDt/Lpc95a/vLaV1zh4/bA5rlv2Nf2pvEPxW8V+K/BfjOOJNa0kvNYXUMXli/tUnkhaQA99ydvf0q3+xL8RvCJ+EEng9bO08LeMPDzy2muaO7hZTcAtumy3LhsE7ua+dPEMN38Nvhf8P/AI7eGlF1f+G9b1XT9XhhYM0ljcahcAAkHqpPy/7xoGe5/thftdeIPhT8RPCPgvwX9l+3X1wiane3UXmx2iSHbGCP7xOWx/s19SXWqN4Q8F3Go6zerK1jaNNcXW3aCVXJOK/NL9pPSryx8NfDLxV4jlgg1vxV4rTWriCSYb4LcgeSmDz8qYz2BJr6x/as1y9+J8nhz4ReCtb02PXddlF7qHnz/KmnxfOwIU5IkO1MDqGNAjY/ZG/aOvfjrpviS0160/szxDo96yNaOoRzbNzDIV7ZFcR+0x8aPiP4D+P3w78B+GNV0+Cz8YSMvnXdsXe1KMmcY6qQT+dea+KD4h/ZN/ag8LeO/Etxo8Ph/wAVQRaHqv8AZbOFRkAWOVlc5PAUZ9qk/bkt7Lxh+1h+z/psGrfYjcy3Mf26xuhHLCCUAYMOhHUeuKBnsXwT/aG8WXH7QHi/4N+N47G91rSrJdRsNV00FI7iIquVdT90gk/l9K4/48/Fb4+fBr4eXnji6u/D0Vs+ppaR6S1s7vbQvKI43ZwfmP8AEfrisH9jqXTfgd8YvGXgT4ipHH8R7y4e7sfFV84J1mxY/JtkPQr3UevtXc/8FLrqGP8AZ02tcRxM2r2JUNJtJHnryKAO/wDhHcfGWz8ZWI8a32j+IPC+oaV9oW70q0aB7a4zHtVgx5BVm6ele7Vi+DJkuPCOiyRyCVGs4SJFcOD8g5yOv1raqWAUUUUgCkZQ6kHpS0UAc1oPw58M+F9YvNV0nRLPT9RvGZri6giCvKTjO49+g/Ks/Xvgz4J8Va4usat4asL7VEbct1NFmQHGMg/QV2tFO4HBah8B/h/q17d3l54T0u6u7sgzzS26s8hByMnrV6x+Efg3S9NvtPtPDenW9lfNuuYYrdVEx4+9jqOBx04rr6KLsDzmP9nf4axshXwXpC7N2B9mXHOc8d+p/Ou70vSrTRdOgsLG2jtLOBBHFBCgVEUdgB0q3RRcDhF+B/gVPFEviNfDVkNdlcO+oBP3pIzj5s+5q74R+E/hHwHq9/qnh/QLPSr+/AW6uLePa0oHQNXXUUXAzLrw3pd3fvfS2Fu948Jt2uDEvmGM9ULYzj2rhF/Zp+GEbh18FaSHzId32ZckuAGJPfIFenUU7isY7eE9IbQ5NHXTreLS5EKG0hiVI9p6jaMCuJb9mn4ZtZ39oPB+nJbX6Rx3UUcW1Z1T7gcDrivTqKLhYxdH8HaP4f0BdE06whtNKVDGtpEoEYU9QB6Vj+B/hD4P+G8kj+GtBs9IeRSkjWsYUuC5fnHX5mJ/GuyopDscx4y+Gvhn4gRoviDRrXVPLQpGbiJWMYJBO0kZByo6elUvh18G/B3wptTD4X0K10vcu1pY0Hmuuc4LnkjPrXaUUwOB+IXwK8EfFK8trzxJoNtqF5b4EVyyASqAQcbhzjI6Vu6L4C0Hw/4dm0PTtMt7PS5g4lt4YwgffncTjqTk810NFK4HE+D/AIL+C/AGoi/8P+H7PSrsRGEy20YUspxnPr90daZ8QPgn4K+KkkTeK/D9rrZhGIxdLuCg4zj64ruaKLisec+H/wBnv4e+F9atdW0vwtYWmoWuRBOkQ3RZGDtPbireh/BHwX4b8VTeJNO0K3t9cnz5l8o/eNk5wTXd0U7hY8+1r4DeBte8VN4ju/D9q2tvGY3vI12OykEHJHXr3qzonwU8GeH/AA7PoNnoNqmjzkGSyZA0bEHIJB755z613FFK4WPPPF/wB8BePNUtdR17w5aand2sYhgedN3loDnao7DNS2PwL8E6f4osvEkGg26a5ZxLBFfAfvAijaFz6AGu+op3A4jx/wDBjwf8ULuyufE+i2+rSWf+o+0LkJkgnj8BWDqX7MPw41bULG+uvDsMt3YlDbzEnfHsJKgHqACc/gK9VopXGcV40+DXg74hTWE+v6Hbahc2P/HrO6/vIeQflbqOQPyqH4hfBLwb8UtGXSvE2jx6pYooRIpSSFx0I967uii4GR4U8LaZ4J8O2Gh6PbCz0yxjENvApJCKO3Na9FFIAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKADFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQB//9k=)![](data:image/Jpeg;base64,
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)

69 It is clear that the two marks are visually dissimilar. Apart from the
visual differences between the text of each mark (which I have analysed at
[33] above), ISPL’s Mark is a composite mark which includes the Customer 23
Device.

70 In Hai Tong at [62], the Court of Appeal set out a detailed (albeit non-
exhaustive) list of the relevant principles in relation to assessing the
visual similarity of composite marks:

(a) The court assesses the competing marks or signs with the imperfect
recollection of the average consumer.

(b) The visual similarity of two contesting marks or signs must normally be
assessed by reference to the overall impressions created by the marks or
signs, bearing in mind their distinctive and dominant components. When the
other components of a complex mark or sign are of negligible significance, it
is permissible to make the comparison solely on the basis of any dominant
element(s).

(c) The overall impression conveyed to the public by a composite trade mark
may, in certain circumstances, be dominated by one or more of its components.

(d) The textual component of a composite mark or sign could be the dominant
component of the mark or sign. This might be the case in the following
instances:

(i) where the two marks or signs each contain a similar device, but bear words
which are entirely different from each other;

(ii) where the textual component is large and in a prominent location in
relation to the other components, or stands out from the background of the
mark or sign;

(iii) where the textual component is in itself already widely known; or

(iv) where the composite mark or sign is applied to goods or services marketed
or sold primarily through online trade channels.

(e) The device component has been found to be an equally significant, if not
the dominant, component of a composite mark or sign where:

(i) the device is significant and large;

(ii) the accompanying word(s) are devoid of any distinctive character, or are
purely descriptive of the device component, or of similar goods of a superior
quality; or

(iii) the device component is of a complicated nature.

(f) However, the device component will usually not be the dominant component
of a composite mark or sign where:

(i) the device is simple and will not evoke any particular concept for the
average consumer;

(ii) the device component does not attract the attention of the average
consumer of the goods in question because such a consumer is regularly
confronted with similar images in relation to those goods; or

(iii) the device component is more likely to be perceived as a decorative
element rather than as an element indicating commercial origin.

71 The Customer 23 Device featured in ISPL’s Mark renders it markedly
different from AISPL’s Mark. From the perspective of the average consumer with
imperfect recollection, the distinctive and dominant component of ISPL’s Mark
is the Customer 23 Device, particularly because it is large and positioned
above the words “INDIAN SUPERMARKET”. The Customer 23 Device is therefore
likely to dominate the overall impression of ISPL’s Mark. It is visually
dissimilar to AISPL’s Mark, which contains only plain text.

72 The degree of aural similarity between AISPL’s Mark and ISPL’s Mark is even
lower than that between AISPL’s Mark and “INDIAN SUPERMARKET” (as analysed at
[34] above), given that ISPL’s Mark might be read as “23 Indian Supermarket”
or “Indian Supermarket 23”.

73 When the Customer 23 Device is taken into account as part of ISPL’s Mark,
the two marks are also conceptually dissimilar. Whereas “INDIAN SUPERMARKET”
on its own might be conceptually similar to AISPL’s Mark in that both evoke
the idea of products from India, products related to Indian cuisine or culture
and/or products targeted at Indian consumers (see [35] above), the Customer 23
Device additionally draws attention to the number “23”. During his cross-
examination, Mr Baskaran explained that the number “23” was chosen because it
was his “lucky number” based on the Chaldean system of numerology, as well as
because he initially intended for Indian Supermarket to be open for 23 hours a
day (although this did not materialise because of the reduced business during
the COVID pandemic). 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

Transcript, 23 September 2021 at p 11 line 29 to p 13 line 26.

74 I therefore find that AISPL has failed to establish the relative ground in
s 23(3)(a)(i) read with s 8(2)(b) of the TMA.

Well known marks

75 The third ground relied on by AISPL is that in s 23(3)(a)(iii) read with ss
8(4)(b)(i) and 8(4)(b)(ii) of the TMA. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

OS 477 Statement at para 21.

76 As the two sub-sections of s 8(4) are conjunctive, this ground is premised
on AISPL’s Mark being an earlier trade mark which is well known in Singapore
(s 8(4)(a)). Under s 2(7) of the TMA, matters from which it may be inferred
that a trade mark is well known include the degree to which the trade mark is
known to or recognised by any relevant sector of the public in Singapore (s
2(7)(a)), and the duration, extent and geographical area of any use or
promotion of the trade mark (s 2(7)(b)). AISPL has adduced evidence of its
substantial sales revenue and the extensive advertising and promotion of its
services and goods (see [43] above). Apart from its submission that AISPL’s
substantial monthly sales are not sustainable because it was selling its goods
at very low prices, and that therefore AISPL was not well known in Singapore
“in the positive sense”, ISPL does not raise any other arguments or evidence
to dispute that AISPL’s Mark was well known in Singapore. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

DWS at paras 81–82.

On the evidence before me, I accept that AISPL’s Mark is well known to the
relevant sector of the public in Singapore. There is, however, no evidence of
AISPL’s Mark being well known to the public at large in Singapore under s
8(4)(b)(ii) of the TMA.

77 In any event, the evidence does not show that the use of ISPL’s Mark would
indicate a connection between ISPL’s goods and services and those of AISPL,
and that this is likely to damage AISPL’s interests (as required under s
8(4)(b)(i)).

78 This ground is therefore not established.

Bad faith

79 The first absolute ground relied on by AISPL is that in s 23(1) read with s
7(6) of the TMA, which provides that a trade mark shall not be registered if
or to the extent that the application for registration is made in bad faith.
114

##### Foot Note 114

×

OS 477 Statement at para 22.

80 The general principles relating to bad faith under s 7(6) were set out by
the High Court in Tomy Inc v Dentsply Sirona Inc [2020] 5 SLR 424 (“Tomy”) at
[32], and include the following:

(a) Bad faith includes dishonesty and some dealings which fall short of the
standards of acceptable commercial behaviour observed by reasonable and
experienced men in the particular area being examined. This test contains both
a subjective element (ie, what the particular applicant knows) and an
objective element (ie, what ordinary persons adopting proper standards would
think) (Tomy at [32(c)]).

(b) Bad faith requires a holistic assessment, and the court ought to take into
account (i) whether the applicant knows or must know that a third party is
using an identical or similar sign for an identical or similar product capable
of being confused with the sign for which registration is sought; (ii) the
applicant’s intention to prevent that third party from continuing to use such
a sign; and (iii) the degree of legal protection enjoyed by the third party’s
sign and by the sign for which registration is sought (Tomy at [32(d)]).

(c) The legal burden of proof needed to substantiate an action for revocation
and/or invalidation of the registration of a trade mark lies throughout on the
plaintiff. Where allegations of bad faith are concerned, the standard of proof
is on the balance of probabilities, but cogent evidence is required due to the
seriousness of the allegation. Nevertheless, a conclusion of bad faith is
largely, if not invariably, based on circumstantial evidence (Tomy at
[32(f)]).

(d) The bad faith inquiry is a fact-sensitive one that demands careful
examination of all the relevant circumstances. The nature of the parties’ pre-
existing relationship is a factor relevant to the determination of bad faith
(Tomy at [32(g)]).

81 The basis on which AISPL alleges bad faith on the part of ISPL is that,
prior to applying to register ISPL’s Mark, ISPL was aware of AISPL’s extensive
use of AISPL’s Mark on goods and supermarket services, and disregarded Mr
Ramalingam’s request in March 2020 not to use the “INDIAN SUPERMARKET” mark.
According to AISPL, the facts disclose both subjective bad faith and
objectively unacceptable commercial behaviour. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

PWS at paras 207 and 209–210.

However, AISPL’s Statement of Grounds of Invalidity filed together with the OS
contain no particulars of the alleged bad faith and merely asserted that “by
reason of the matters pleaded above, the application to register [ISPL’s Mark]
was made in bad faith”. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

OS 477 Statement at para 22; DWS at para 90.

In my view, AISPL has not adduced any cogent evidence to discharge its burden
of proving the serious allegation of bad faith. There is no evidence of any
subjective dishonesty on the part of ISPL or Mr Baskaran. Furthermore, I do
not think ISPL’s conduct falls short of the standards of acceptable commercial
behaviour. Mr Baskaran did not dispute that Mr Ramalingam had contacted him on
28 February 2020 to request him to change the name of his supermarket, but he
testified that Mr Ramalingam’s request was initially just a friendly one and
after that they “laughed about it” and “left it at that”. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

Mr Baskaran’s AEIC at para 22; read with Transcript, 23 September 2021 at p 50
lines 1–12 and p 51 lines 10–11 and 28–30.

By this point, Mr Baskaran had already incurred substantial costs in preparing
the signage and carrier bags for Indian Supermarket. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

Mr Baskaran’s AEIC at paras 23; read with Transcript, 23 September 2021 at p
55 lines 5–27.

In these circumstances, I am unable to conclude that ISPL’s disregarding of Mr
Ramalingam’s request, and its application to register ISPL’s Mark, were acts
done in bad faith.

Failure to meet the definition of a trade mark

82 The second absolute ground relied on by AISPL is that ISPL’s Mark does not
satisfy the definition of a trade mark in s 2(1) of the TMA, such that its
registration was in breach of s 7(1)(a) and ought to be declared invalid under
s 23(1). This is premised on AISPL’s argument that the dominant and
identifying element in ISPL’s Mark is the textual element comprising the words
“INDIAN SUPERMARKET”, rather than the Customer 23 Device, and that the words
“INDIAN SUPERMARKET” cannot satisfy the definition of a trade mark as they are
not capable of distinguishing ISPL’s Indian groceries from those of other
traders selling Indian groceries. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

OS 477 Statement at para 23; PWS at paras 212–214.

83 I disagree. The definition of a “trade mark” in s 2(1) of the TMA requires
the sign in question to be “capable of distinguishing goods or services dealt
with or provided in the course of trade by a person from goods or services so
dealt with or provided by any other person”. ISPL’s Mark satisfies this
definition. The textual element comprising the words “INDIAN SUPERMARKET” is
not, in my view, the dominant and identifying element in ISPL’s Mark. To the
contrary, the dominant and identifying element is the Customer 23 Device,
which is more eye-catching. I therefore find that ISPL’s Mark is capable of
distinguishing ISPL’s goods and services from those of other traders.

Non-distinctiveness

84 The third absolute ground relied on by AISPL is that ISPL’s Mark is devoid
of any distinctive character because its dominant element is the words “INDIAN
SUPERMARKET”, which are descriptive and not distinctive. On this basis, AISPL
contends that the registration of ISPL’s Mark ought to be invalidated under s
23(1) read with s 7(1)(b) of the TMA. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

OS 477 Statement at para 24; PWS at para 215.

85 In its written submissions, AISPL also relies on s 7(1)(c) of the TMA,
which provides that trade marks which “consist exclusively of signs or
indications which may serve, in trade, to designate the kind, quality,
quantity, intended purpose, value, geographical origin, … or other
characteristics of goods or services” shall not be registered. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

PWS at paras 216–218.

In this regard, AISPL relies on the defendants’ pleading in their defence to
AISPL’s trade mark infringement claim that ISPL uses the sign “INDIAN
SUPERMARKET” to indicate the kind, quality, intended purpose, geographical
origin or other characteristic of the goods sold in Indian supermarkets and
grocery shops and/or purchased by people of Indian origin for their
consumption or use, for the purposes of invoking the defence in s 28(1)(b)(i)
of the TMA. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

Defence at paras 21–22.

86 In my judgment, ISPL’s Mark is not devoid of distinctive character under s
7(1)(b). Viewed in isolation, the words “INDIAN SUPERMARKET” would indeed be
purely descriptive and non-distinctive. However, in ISPL’s Mark, these words
are used in tandem with the Customer 23 Device, which depicts a person pushing
a trolley with the number “23” within. ISPL’s Mark therefore cannot be said to
be purely descriptive. The Customer 23 Device bears no relation to the
description of ISPL’s goods as being goods sold in Indian shops or purchased
by people of Indian origin. On the contrary, I find that the Customer 23
Device gave ISPL’s Mark a significant degree of distinctiveness. For this
reason, ISPL’s Mark is also not a trade mark which consists exclusively of
signs designating the kind, geographical origin or other characteristics of
its goods or services, and s 7(1)(c) therefore does not apply.

Conclusion on the OS

87 Thus, in my view, none of the grounds of invalidity relied on by AISPL are
established in the present case. There is no basis for the registration of
ISPL’s Mark to be invalidated under s 23 of the TMA.

Conclusion

88 I dismiss both the Suit and the OS. I shall hear counsel on costs.

Valerie Thean  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
G Radakrishnan (Grays LLC) and Suriya Prakash Uthayasurian (Phoenix Law
Corporation) for the plaintiff in the Suit and the applicant in the OS;

Kanthosamy Rajendran (RLC Law Corporation) for the defendants in the Suit and
the respondents in the OS.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 31 Dec 2021 (12:09 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

