Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC 39

Suit No 909 of 2020 (Summons No 531 of 2021)

Between

| Transasia Private Capital Ltd (in its capacity as manager, for and on behalf
of Asian Trade Finance Fund, a sub-fund of TA Asian Multi-Finance Fund)  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| Todi Ashish  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

EX TEMPORE judgment

[Civil Procedure] — [Summary judgment]

[Civil Procedure] — [Inherent powers]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Transasia Private Capital Ltd (in its capacity as manager, for and on behalf
of Asian Trade Finance Fund, a sub-fund of TA Asian Multi-Finance Fund)

  
v

  

Todi Ashish

[2021] SGHC 39

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 909 of 2020 (Summons No 531 of
2021)  
Andre Maniam JC  
16 February 2021

16 February 2021

Andre Maniam JC:

Introduction

1 When a defendant defaults in entering appearance or in filing a defence, the
court may, instead of entering default judgment, consider the claim on the
merits and enter judgment accordingly. The court may do so at trial, or by
granting summary judgment, as appropriate.

2 I find that the present claim should be considered on the merits, and that
the plaintiff has proven its claim. Accordingly, I enter summary judgment on
the merits in favour of the plaintiff.

Background

3 The plaintiff is an asset management firm acting as the manager of a fund. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Affidavit of Mark Andrew Glossoti (“Supporting Affidavit”) at para 16.

Canwell Commerce Pte Ltd (“Canwell”) was a customer of the plaintiff and
maintained an account with the plaintiff. A revolving trade finance facility
was granted by the plaintiff to Canwell on the terms of a facility agreement
(“the Facility Agreement”). 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Supporting Affidavit at para 19 and pp 41-62.

The defendant was a director and shareholder of Canwell, and signed a personal
guarantee (“Guarantee”) guaranteeing Canwell’s obligations to the plaintiff
under the Facility Agreement. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Supporting Affidavit at paras 18, 20 and pp 64-83.

4 Canwell drew down three loans under the Facility Agreement (“the Loans”): 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Supporting Affidavit at para 22.

(a) a sum of US$3,571,664.22 on 20 June 2019 (“loan number ATFF-
FA-1708-063-DD014”);

(b) a sum of US$1,005,077.47 on 21 June 2019 (“loan number ATFF-
FA-1708-063-DD015”); and

(c) a sum of US$1,989,826.08 on 10 September 2019 (“loan number ATFF-
FA-1708-063-DD016”).

5 Canwell failed to repay the plaintiff the Loans drawn down under the
Facility Agreement. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Supporting Affidavit at para 37.

On 28 January 2020, and on 5 and 16 March 2020, the plaintiff demanded that
Canwell repay the principal sum due plus interest and fees. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Supporting Affidavit at para 38 and pp 201-209.

6 On 16 March 2020, the plaintiff also demanded payment from the defendant as
guarantor. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Supporting Affidavit at para 40 and pp 215-216.

The plaintiff then made a statutory demand against the defendant in June 2020.
8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Supporting Affidavit at para 41 and pp 218-222.

7 The plaintiff received no payment in response to these demands.

8 On 23 September 2020, the plaintiff sued the defendant for the sum of
US$7,744,971.79 as the principal sum due plus interest and fees, as set out in
the plaintiff’s statement of account of the same date annexed to its statement
of claim (“the SOC SOA”). 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Statement of Claim at p 5 and Annex A.

9 The plaintiff was granted leave to serve the writ and statement of claim on
the defendant out of jurisdiction (HC/ORC 5500/2020 dated 6 October 2020).
Attempts at personal service proved unsuccessful, and the court then allowed
the plaintiff to effect substituted service (HC/ORC 6378/2020 dated 16
November 2020), which the plaintiff duly did by email to the defendant’s email
address, and by leaving a copy of the relevant documents addressed to the
defendant with the mail room receptionist of a condominium in Thailand which
the defendant was known to be residing at.

10 The defendant had 21 days from 25 November 2020 (ie, until 16 December
2020) to enter an appearance, 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Memorandum of Service dated 26 November 2020.

but he never did.

11 In the circumstances, the plaintiff was entitled to judgment in default of
appearance (O 13 r 1(1) read with O 12 r 4(b) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322,
R 5, 2014 Rev Ed) (“the ROC”)). The plaintiff, however, wished to enforce any
judgment obtained against assets of the defendant in India. The plaintiff was
advised that under Indian law, if a foreign judgment has not been given on the
merits of the case, it will not be regarded as conclusive. Accordingly,
instead of seeking default judgment, the plaintiff applied for judgment on the
merits: either on a summary basis (if the court was so satisfied), or by the
matter being sent to trial.

The court’s power to consider a claim on the merits, where the defendant is in
default of appearance or defence

12 The plaintiff invoked the court’s inherent power to consider a claim on the
merits, in circumstances where default judgment could have been obtained
instead.

13 It is well settled that the court may consider a claim on the merits
instead of entering judgment in default of appearance. This has been accepted
in Singapore in Singapore Telecommunications Ltd v APM Infotech Pte Ltd [2011]
SGHC 147 (“Singapore Telecommunications”), Indian Overseas Bank v Svil Agro
Pte Ltd and others [2014] 3 SLR 892 (“IOB v Svil Agro”), and Seagate
Technology International v Vikas Goel [2016] SGHC 12. In a similar vein, the
court can consider a claim on the merits instead of entering judgment in
default of defence: Panwell Investments Pte Ltd v Lau Ee Theow [1996] 3 SLR(R)
73 at [24].

14 It is likewise accepted in England that the court can enter judgment on the
merits instead of default judgment: see Berliner Bank AG v Karageorgis and
another [1996] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 426 (“Berliner Bank v Karageorgis”), Habib Bank
Ltd v Central Bank of Sudan (formerly known as Bank of Sudan) [2007] 1 WLR 470
and Trafigura Pte Ltd and another v Emirates General Petroleum Corporation
[2010] EWHC 87 (Comm).

15 Moreover, it has been recognised by the Indian courts that where the
defendant is absent, the plaintiff may adduce evidence in respect of his
claim, and the court may give a decision on the merits of the case after due
consideration of the evidence: Govidan Asari Kesavan Asari v Sankaran Asari
Balakrishanan Asari AIR 1958 Ker 203 (“Govidan v Sankaran”), affirmed by the
Supreme Court of India in International Woollen Mills v Standard Wool (UK) Ltd
[2001] 2 LRI 765 (“International Woollen Mills”). Both Govidan v Sankaran and
International Woollen Mills were cited in Singapore Telecommunications (at
[8]).

16 In Singapore Telecommunications, the court granted summary judgment after
considering the merits of the case. In IOB v Svil Agro, the court granted
judgment after a trial, whilst citing Singapore Telecommunications with
approval (see IOB v Svil Agro at [25]-[33]). The court in IOB v Svil Agro
expressly recognised that “the court has full discretion whether to proceed
with the case and hear the merits or even give judgment without trial” (at
[33]).

It is appropriate to consider this claim on the merits

17 The plaintiff adduced a legal opinion from Indian lawyers that under s 13
of the Code of Civil Procedure (Act No 5 of 1908) (India), a foreign judgment
would not be considered conclusive if it has not been given on the merits of
the case. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions at para 12; Supporting Affidavit at para 13
and pp 32-34.

The same point of Indian law was noted in Singapore Telecommunications ([13]
supra) at [7]–[8], [20], and in IOB v Svil Agro ([13] supra) at [36].

18 In these circumstances, as Colman J stated in Berliner Bank v Karageorgis
([14] supra) (at 428):

[It is] inappropriate that the Court should decline to exercise its
jurisdiction [to consider a claim on its merits] if there is material before
it to suggest that a judgment obtained by the automatic method might well not
be enforceable in foreign jurisdictions where the defendant is known to have
assets or where there is a reasonable belief that he might have assets.

19 I agree that “there would be serious injustice to the plaintiff if the
court refrained from exercising its inherent jurisdiction in the circumstances
presented” (Singapore Telecommunications ([13] supra) at [20]; IOB v Svil Agro
([13] supra) at [37]–[38]).

Consideration of the claim on the merits

20 The plaintiff put forward evidence in the form of an affidavit from its
chief operating officer Mark Andrew Glossoti (“Mr Glossoti”) dated 2 February
2021. Mr Glossoti deposed to the facts of the case and exhibited the necessary
documents, including the plaintiff’s statement of account dated 23 September
2020 in the sum of US$7,742,387.24 (“the Affidavit SOA”). 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Supporting Affidavit at para 42 and p 231.

21 The SOC SOA was for a higher figure: US$7,744,971.79 ([8] above). The
difference between the SOC SOA and the Affidavit SOA is in relation to the
figure for “other fees” (US$13,166.49 in the SOC SOA and US$10,581.94 in the
Affidavit SOA). Counsel for the plaintiff explained that this difference was
due to a deposit towards legal fees. In the event, the plaintiff seeks
judgment for the lower sum of US$7,742,387.24, as set out in the Affidavit
SOA.

22 Clause 9 of the Guarantee signed by the defendant stipulated that: 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Supporting Affidavit at p 75.

A certificate or determination by the [plaintiff] as to the moneys and
liabilities for the time being due, owing or incurred to the [plaintiff] by
[Canwell], or incurred by the [plaintiff] on [Canwell’s] behalf, or without
limitation as to any other matter provided for in this Guarantee, shall (save
in case of manifest error) for all purposes be conclusive and binding upon the
[defendant].

23 I find that the plaintiff is entitled to rely on the Affidavit SOA as a
“certificate or determination” by it within clause 9 of the Guarantee that is
“conclusive and binding” upon the defendant. In any event, I am also satisfied
on the evidence that the plaintiff is entitled to the sums comprised in the
Affidavit SOA, as the principal sum due plus interest and fees.

24 As I am satisfied on the evidence that the plaintiff is entitled to
judgment on the merits, I do not order the matter to proceed to trial.

25 As a matter of principle, a defendant who is in default of appearance
cannot be in a better position (in terms of avoiding summary judgment) than a
defendant who enters appearance and files a defence, but against whom summary
judgment under O 14 of the ROC is then granted because there is no issue or
question in dispute which ought to be tried, or other reason for trial.
Moreover, the writ informs the defendant that if he fails to satisfy the claim
or enter an appearance, the plaintiff may proceed with the action and enter
judgment against him without further notice.

Conclusion

26 Having considered the evidence, I grant the plaintiff judgment on the
merits against the defendant for:

(a) the sum of US$7,742,387.24 (principal sum plus interest and fees as of the
date of the writ, 23 September 2020);

(b) interest on the principal sum of US$3,571,664.22 for loan number ATFF-
FA-1708-063-DD014 ([4(a)] above) at the contractual rate of 17.25% per annum
from 23 September 2020 to the date of payment;

(c) interest on the principal sum of US$1,005,077.47 for loan number ATFF-
FA-1708-063-DD015 ([4(b)] above) at the contractual rate of 17.25% per annum
from 23 September 2020 to the date of payment;

(d) interest on the principal sum of US$1,989,826.08 for loan number ATFF-
FA-1708-063-DD016 ([4(c)] above) at the contractual rate of 16.75% per annum
from 23 September 2020 to the date of payment; and

(e) costs and disbursements on an indemnity basis pursuant to clauses 3.4 and
11 of the Guarantee, to be fixed or taxed if not agreed.

Andre Maniam  
Judicial Commissioner|  
---|---  
  
Janice Han Jia Lin (Tan Peng Chin LLC) for the plaintiff;

Defendant absent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 17 Feb 2021 (10:17 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

