Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the COURT OF APPEAL of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGCA 12

Civil Appeal No 128 of 2020

Between

(1)| Ang Jian Sheng Jonathan  
---|---  
(2)| Lim Zhengde  
  
… Appellants

And

| Lyu Yan @ Lu Yan  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

In the matter of HC/Suit No 1109 of 2018

Between

| Lyu Yan @ Lu Yan  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Lim Tien Chiang  
---|---  
(2)| Ang Jian Sheng Jonathan  
(3)| Lim Zhengde  
  
… Defendants

Ex TemporE judgment

[Contract] — [Illegality and public policy]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Ang Jian Sheng Jonathan and another

  
v

  

Lyu Yan

[2021] SGCA 12

Court of Appeal — Civil Appeal No 128 of 2020  
Sundaresh Menon CJ, Andrew Phang Boon Leong JCA and Belinda Ang Saw Ean JAD  
23 February 2021

23 February 2021

Andrew Phang Boon Leong JCA (delivering the judgment of the court ex tempore):

Introduction and background

1 The respondent (“Lyu Yan”) was a private bank customer of BNP Paribas
Singapore (“BNP”). She wanted to remit money from her China bank accounts to
her Singapore bank accounts. Her BNP relationship manager referred her to the
first defendant in the suit below (“Joseph”) to help with the remittance.

2 In September 2018, Lyu Yan instructed Joseph that she wished to transfer the
equivalent of US$3m in RMB from her Chinese bank account to her Singapore bank
account with Credit Suisse (“the First Transaction”). For the First
Transaction, Joseph used a licensed Indonesian remittance company. Lyu Yan
transferred money from her China bank accounts to other China bank accounts
nominated by Joseph (who, in turn, obtained them from the Indonesian
remittance company). She subsequently received the equivalent amount in US
Dollars in her Singapore Credit Suisse bank account from a Hong Kong bank
account.

3 In October 2018, Lyu Yan engaged Joseph for another remittance (“the Second
Transaction”), which forms the subject of this appeal. On 16 October 2018, she
agreed to engage Joseph’s services to convert RMB21,075,000 to US$3m at an
exchange rate of USD1 = RMB7.025, and to remit the funds in USD from her China
bank account with China Merchant Bank to her Singapore bank account with BNP
(“the Agreement”). For the Second Transaction, Joseph enlisted the help of the
second and third defendants in the suit below (“Jonathan” and “Derek”,
respectively), who are the first and second appellants in this appeal.

4 Later the same day, Lyu Yan transferred money from her China bank accounts
to various China bank accounts nominated by Joseph (who, in turn, obtained the
accounts from Jonathan and Derek). Jonathan and Derek transferred all the
money away between 17 October 2018 and 18 October 2018. The money disappeared.
Lyu Yan chased Joseph for the money, who in turn chased Jonathan and Derek.
Derek eventually told Joseph on 18 October 2018 that his counterparty was one
“Allan”, and added Joseph to a WhatsApp group chat called “Fast Remittance”
with himself, Allan and Jonathan. In that group chat, Allan purported to give
various assurances that he would make the transfers, but stopped replying on
22 October 2018.

Proceedings below

5 Lyu Yan commenced proceedings against Joseph, Jonathan and Derek. Her claims
against Jonathan and Derek based on the torts of conspiracy and negligence, as
well as unjust enrichment were allowed by the Judge. Specifically against
Joseph, Lyu Yan had a further claim in contract pursuant to the Agreement as
well as for misrepresentation. It should also be noted that there was a claim
for breach of fiduciary duties against all the defendants which was dismissed
by the Judge.

6 Jonathan and Derek’s factual defence was that they had passed Lyu Yan’s
money to Allan, who had absconded. Their legal defence was that the rule in
the English Court of Appeal decision of Foster v Driscoll [1929] 1 KB 470
(“Foster v Driscoll”) operated to bar Lyu Yan’s claims.

7 The High Court Judge (“the Judge”) found that Allan did not exist, and that
the rule in Foster v Driscoll did not assist Jonathan and Derek (see Lyu Yan v
Lim Tien Chiang [2020] SGHC 145). He allowed Lyu Yan’s claims against Jonathan
and Derek in conspiracy, negligence and unjust enrichment. Dissatisfied,
Jonathan and Derek appealed (the Judge also found Joseph liable for breach of
contract and in negligence as well as unjust enrichment, albeit not in
conspiracy or for misrepresentation, but there has been no appeal by him).

Issues on appeal

8 Jonathan and Derek make substantially the same arguments as those made
before the Judge:

(a) First, that Allan exists, and it is Allan who defrauded Lyu Yan of her
money instead of them; and

(b) Second, that the rule in Foster v Driscoll is engaged to defeat all of Lyu
Yan’s non-contractual claims against them.

9 The Judge was not persuaded by their arguments, and neither are we. Let us
elaborate.

Whether Allan exists

10 At the outset, we note that it is Jonathan and Derek who bear the burden of
proving that Allan exists. We say so for two reasons:

(a) First, the admitted facts are that Lyu Yan gave Jonathan and Derek her
money, and that the money disappeared. Based on these facts alone, it must
follow as a starting point that Jonathan and Derek had absconded with the
money unless they can displace this conclusion in some way. As a corollary,
Allan’s existence is necessary to show that Jonathan and Derek did not in fact
misappropriate the money. In other words, Allan’s existence is the material
fact pleaded by Jonathan and Derek in order to establish their defence. Since
he who asserts must prove, it is clearly Jonathan and Derek’s burden to show
that Allan exists (see the decision of this court in SCT Technologies Pte Ltd
v Western Copper Co Ltd [2015] SGCA 71 at [17]).

(b) Second, should the burden of proof fall on Lyu Yan, she would have the
unenviable (if not nearly impossible task) of proving a negative, ie, that
Allan does not exist.

11 Having established that the burden of proof lies with Jonathan and Derek,
it must follow that this burden has not been discharged. Their case, both at
first instance and on appeal, is limited to justifying their lack of evidence.
Even if their justifications pass muster, those cannot, in and of themselves,
constitute a basis for this court to assume that Allan exists. Positive
evidence is required. However, Allan’s contact number could not be reached,
and messages coming from Allan could have been sent by anyone. It follows that
there is no positive evidence of Allan’s existence, and all Jonathan and Derek
have is a bare assertion. That cannot suffice to discharge their burden of
proof.

12 In any event, we are not persuaded that the explanations given for the lack
of evidence pass muster:

(a) They claim that they destroyed their correspondence with Allan for fear of
prosecution from Chinese authorities. However, they did send Joseph
screenshots of WhatsApp messages purportedly from Allan instructing them to
transfer RMB7.1m from the nominated accounts. If they really wanted to cover
their tracks, it was strange of them to have shared with Joseph their
correspondence with Allan, especially since at that point the Second
Transaction had already become problematic.

Further, nothing was put before us to establish that all their purported
exchanges with Allan over the course of many years, though in softcopy form
and deleted, could not have been recovered. That they also took no steps to
attempt to recover the supposedly deleted correspondence makes their claim of
Allan’s existence even more implausible.

(b) They claim that they were involved in the Second Transaction for the
commission. However, if this was so, they would have kept some of Lyu Yan’s
money for themselves. Instead, they sent all the money away.

They give two explanations for this, both of which are incredible. The first
explanation is that Derek would collect the commission from Allan in cash in
Singapore. This would defeat the whole point of Allan trying to keep his
identity secret if he was now to give Derek the money in person. The second
explanation is that they knew and trusted Allan, having been introduced to him
through one “Lan Da Tong” and having worked with him in a similar transaction
in 2017. No evidence whatsoever was given on their past dealing with Allan in
2017. In the same vein, nothing was said of “Lan Da Tong”, who might have
supported Jonathan and Derek’s claim that they got to know “Allan” through
him.

13 Having found that Allan is fictitious, Lyu Yan’s claim in conspiracy
succeeds. Their various misrepresentations to Joseph (including those made
after 16 October 2018 regarding “Allan’s” purported involvement), which they
clearly knew and/or intended would be conveyed by Joseph to Lyu Yan, as well
as their actual receipt of Lyu Yan’s money and subsequent transfers of the
same elsewhere, amounts to fraud.

14 Having found that Allan is fictitious, Lyu Yan’s claim in unjust enrichment
also succeeds. Jonathan and Derek argue that the basis of Lyu Yan’s transfer
of her money to them is simply that they would pass her money to Allan. Allan
being non-existent, this basis must fail. Neither can Jonathan and Derek rely
on the defences of ministerial receipt and change of position, since they were
lying to Lyu Yan, and thus were not acting honestly or in good faith.

15 However, we have some doubts on whether the Judge was correct to allow the
claim in negligence. The essence of negligence is a failure to exercise due
care. To that extent, we do not easily see how an intention to defraud, as is
the case here, could be regarded as negligence. A defendant can be intentional
in his decision not to take care, but this is still a step removed from the
intention to actively inflict injury onto another. As such, we are not fully
satisfied that the claim in negligence should be allowed together with the
claims in conspiracy and unjust enrichment, considering that the latter two
claims were founded on Jonathan and Derek’s intentional lies to Lyu Yan.
Fortunately for Lyu Yan, she needs only succeed in one cause of action, but
Jonathan and Derek need to successfully defend all three.

Whether the rule in Foster v Driscoll applies

Whether Lyu Yan intended or knew that the Second Transaction would violate
Chinese law

16 The rule in Foster v Driscoll only applies if Jonathan and Derek can show
that Lyu Yan intended, or at the very least knew, that the Second Transaction
violated Chinese law. We are of the view that this was not the case. The
evidence as presented to us does not establish that Lyu Yan knew that the
Second Transaction violated Chinese law.

17 Lyu Yan knew she was prohibited from remitting money directly from her
China bank accounts to her overseas bank accounts. However, Lyu Yan also
thought that there was a legitimate way around this prohibition. The evidence
is clear: she was under the impression that if she transferred money from her
China bank account to another China bank account “Z”, that would not violate
the prohibition if the person who owned account Z arranged for a corresponding
transfer of foreign currency to her bank account in another jurisdiction. This
alternative structure is still in effect a remittance, but that is beside the
point because that is precisely what a workaround is. In other words, Lyu Yan
thought that the First and Second Transactions, as structured, were perfectly
legitimate under Chinese law.

18 Lyu Yan’s position was not controverted by the contemporaneous evidence.
Whilst Lyu Yan requested for fictitious loan documents to show her Singapore
banks, so that these banks would think that the moneys being remitted to her
Singapore bank accounts were loan repayments, this at its highest might show
Lyu Yan’s knowledge of some potential illegality under Singapore law. The
fictitious loan documents were never shown to the Chinese authorities.
Further, Lyu Yan asked for the fictitious loan documents because her Singapore
bank manager instructed her to do so. We think that Lyu Yan was entitled to
assume that her bank manager would not have instructed her to break the law.

19 Further, when Lyu Yan engaged Joseph for the First Transaction, she
repeatedly asked Joseph if the First Transaction was safe. We do not think Lyu
Yan’s repeated questions showed that she knew the First Transaction (and by
extension, the Second Transaction) were illegal under Chinese law. She asked
these questions because Joseph had said that he would be engaging the services
of a third party (which was the Indonesian remittance company for the First
Transaction), and therefore wanted to be assured that this third party was
trustworthy. Further, she asked these questions because Joseph had told her
that the remittance would be sent to her directly from the third party instead
of going through Joseph first. Lyu Yan was not familiar with this structure,
and therefore wanted to make sure it was still legitimate. Additionally, and
most importantly, Joseph himself expressly assured Lyu Yan many times that the
transaction was safe.

20 Therefore, at the point when the Agreement was entered into for the Second
Transaction to be carried out, it appears on the evidence that Lyu Yan thought
that the First and Second Transactions, as structured, were legitimate under
Chinese law. The First Transaction itself also took place without a hitch. In
the circumstances, there would have been no reason for Lyu Yan to suspect that
the Second Transaction would fall foul of Chinese law. Any impropriety, if
present, related only to Singapore law. Consistent with this, once the Second
Transaction began to unravel, Lyu Yan specifically asked if there was any
concern with illegality – and once again Joseph assured her that there was
nothing to worry about.

21 In sum, the evidence shows that at the material time when the Agreement was
entered into for the Second Transaction to be carried out, Lyu Yan did not
know, let alone intended, that the Second Transaction violated Chinese law.
Her impression that the Second Transaction was legitimate was reinforced by
Joseph’s repeated assurances to the same effect, and by the fact that the
similarly-structured First Transaction proceeded without a hitch. Further, as
already noted, Joseph himself did not appeal against the Judge’s decision.
Joseph, who was directly liaising with Lyu Yan for the First and Second
Transactions, did not find it worthwhile to contest the Judge’s finding that
Lyu Yan thought the Second Transaction was legitimate. Accordingly, we agree
with the Judge that the rule in Foster v Driscoll was not engaged.

The scope of the rule in Foster v Driscoll

22 The foregoing analysis suffices to dispose of this appeal. However,
Jonathan and Derek also raise an interesting argument on the interface between
the rule in Foster v Driscoll and the framework dealing with contractual
illegality laid down by this court in Ochroid Trading Ltd and another Chua
Siok Lui (trading as VIE Import & Export) and another [2018] 1 SLR 363
(“Ochroid Trading”). We find it apposite to make some tentative observations
on this interface – principally in relation to setting out the potential
problems.

23 Jonathan and Derek correctly state that the rule in Foster v Driscoll, once
engaged, renders the Agreement void and unenforceable. However, they recognise
that Lyu Yan’s claims against them are not in contract, and they also
recognise that Ochroid Trading permits the possible recovery of benefits
conferred pursuant to an illegal contract via non-contractual means (albeit
not in a situation where the principle of stultification applies (see also
[27] below)). They thus argue that the rule in Foster v Driscoll, being one
pertaining to the conflict of laws, is not to be read together with the
Ochroid Trading framework, which deals with domestic illegality. They further
argue that the rule in Foster v Driscoll also defeats Lyu Yan’s non-
contractual claims, since the remedies granted for these non-contractual
claims (ie, damages to the tune of US$3m) entail the economic equivalent of
enforcing the Agreement.

24 We find it necessary to unpack Jonathan and Derek’s argument by way of an
example. Suppose A and B enter into a contract with the intention of violating
the law of country X. A pays B, but B refuses to perform his part of the
contract. A subsequently sues B in the Singapore court.

25 We address the first situation where only the rule in Foster v Driscoll
applies (ie, the Ochroid Trading framework is not applicable). In this
situation, according to Jonathan and Derek, the contract between A and B is
void and unenforceable. A thus cannot claim against B in contract. Further, A
also cannot claim against B for non-contractual causes of action, if these
non-contractual claims have the economic effect of enforcing the void and
unenforceable contract.

26 This argument fails, because the rule in Foster v Driscoll can only be used
to defeat a claim in contract, and is not applicable in relation to non-
contractual claims: see, for example, the English High Court decision of Lilly
Icos LLC v 8PM Chemists Ltd [2010] FSR 4 at [266]. In other words, if only the
rule in Foster v Driscoll applies, A will generally be allowed to make non-
contractual claims against B, even though these non-contractual claims have
the economic effect of enforcing the void and unenforceable contract.

27 We turn now to address the second situation, where both the rule in Foster
v Driscoll and the Ochroid Trading framework apply (ie, that they are to be
read together). Once again, A cannot claim against B in contract. However,
according to Jonathan and Derek, the Ochroid Trading framework now permits A
to claim against B in relation to non-contractual causes of action, if the
policy rendering the contract void and unenforceable is not stultified by
allowing the non-contractual claims (ie, if the principle of stultification
does not apply).

28 Jonathan and Derek’s analysis in the second situation is correct. If the
rule in Foster v Driscoll is read together with the Ochroid Trading framework,
A may (and not will) be allowed to make non-contractual claims against B. This
explains why they are most anxious to avoid the second situation: they
erroneously thought that in the first situation (ie, when only the rule in
Foster v Driscoll applies), non-contractual claims are all barred. In fact, it
is the opposite: in the first situation, non-contractual claims are generally
permitted (see [26] above). In other words, possible recovery for A via non-
contractual means in the second situation is narrower than that in the first
situation because of the additional application of the principle of
stultification in the second situation (see [27] above).

29 Jonathan and Derek should have therefore relied on the second, and not the
first, situation to support their proposition that A’s non-contractual claims
against B should be barred.

30 That brings us to the interesting, albeit difficult, question as to whether
the rule in Foster v Driscoll should be read together with the Ochroid Trading
framework in the first place. The Ochroid Trading framework is part of
Singapore contract law, and thus applies only to contracts governed by
Singapore law. However, the rule in Foster v Driscoll applies to disputes
heard before the Singapore courts arising out of contracts regardless of their
governing laws (see Dicey, Morris and Collins on the Conflict of Laws vol 2
(Sweet & Maxwell, 2012) (“Dicey”) at para 32-193). If, indeed, it is accepted
that the rule in Foster v Driscoll is one pertaining to the conflict of laws,
then one possible argument is that it is separate and distinct from the
Ochroid Trading framework and that both should consequently not be read
together.

31 Possible difficulties arise only if the rule in Foster v Driscoll is read
together with the Ochroid Trading framework. We note that the rule in Foster v
Driscoll applies to all contracts regardless of their governing law, whilst
the Ochroid Trading framework applies only to contracts governed by Singapore
law. Therefore, the only situation where the rule in Foster v Driscoll can be
read together with the Ochroid Trading framework is where the impugned
contract is governed by Singapore law.

32 If the rule in Foster v Driscoll is read together with the Ochroid Trading
framework for contracts governed by Singapore law, there will be a possible
anomaly between contracts governed by Singapore law on the one hand and those
not governed by Singapore law on the other.

33 We demonstrate this possible anomaly by way of another example. Suppose A
and B enter into a contract governed by the law of Country X, with the
intention of violating the laws of Country Z. A pays, but B refuses to
perform. A sues B in a Singapore court. The Singapore court will find that the
contract is void and unenforceable by virtue of the rule in Foster v Driscoll,
but A will generally be permitted to recover from B in non-contractual causes
of action. However, if the contract between A and B is governed by Singapore
law, A may not be allowed to recover from B in respect of non-contractual
causes of action if the Ochroid Trading framework also applies, and where the
principle of stultification is also found to apply, thus giving rise to a
different result.

34 We have concerns with whether this possible disconnect or anomaly should be
permitted. There is no principled reason why recovery via non-contractual
means should be narrower for A when the contract is governed by Singapore law,
and broader when the contract is governed by foreign law. Nevertheless, this
is a complex and difficult question, which we do not propose to address in
this appeal, given that, as already noted, it does not arise for our
determination. At this preliminary juncture, we make only one observation
about how the rule in Foster v Driscoll does share a commonality with the
Ochroid Trading framework. The rule in Foster v Driscoll will not apply to
defeat a contract entered into with the intention of breaking the laws of a
foreign state, if the foreign law being violated is in itself repugnant to
Singapore public policy (see Dicey at para 31-191). The Ochroid Trading
framework will not apply to defeat non-contractual recovery for benefits
conferred pursuant to an illegal contract if the policy that rendered the
contract illegal is not violated by allowing the non-contractual claim. In
both situations, the concept of policy serves as a limiting factor to ensure
that the illegality involved does not inflexibly defeat recovery where such
recovery is justified.

Conclusion

35 For the reasons set out above, the appeal is dismissed. Having regard to
the parties’ respective costs schedules, we award the respondent costs in the
sum of $ 38,500 (all-in). There will be the usual consequential orders.

Sundaresh Menon  
Chief Justice| Andrew Phang Boon Leong  
Justice of the Court of Appeal  
---|---  
Belinda Ang Saw Ean  
Judge of the Appellate Division|  
  
Chooi Jing Yen and Joel Wong En Jie (Eugene Thuraisingam LLP) for the
appellants;

Jimmy Yap (Jimmy Yap & Co) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 23 Feb 2021 (17:58 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

