Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC 204

Magistrate’s Appeal No 9040 of 2021/01

Between

| Chua Ya Zi Sandy  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

ex tempore judgment

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Sentencing] — [Principles for reducing
sentence on account of hardship to family] — [Principles for reducing sentence
on account of ill health] — [Whether lack of restitution aggravating]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Chua Ya Zi Sandy

  
v

  

Public Prosecutor

[2021] SGHC 204

General Division of the High Court — Magistrate’s Appeal No 9040 of 2021/01  
Sundaresh Menon CJ  
26 August 2021

26 August 2021

Sundaresh Menon CJ:

1 The appellant, Sandy Chua Ya Zi (the “appellant”), is a 47-year-old female
Singaporean who pleaded guilty to a single charge of criminal breach of trust
by an employee, an offence under s 408 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev
Ed) (“Penal Code”):

You … are charged that you, between 1 September 2019 and 9 October 2019, at
Universal Dining Singapore Tanglin Food Court located at 163 Tanglin Road
#B1-17, Tanglin Mall, Singapore 247933, being employed by Select Group Pte Ltd
(‘the Company’), to wit, in the capacity of an Outlet Manager, and being
entrusted in such capacity with property, to wit, cash amounting to
S$41,319.90/- belonging to the Company, did dishonestly misappropriate the
said property, and you have thereby committed an offence punishable under
section 408 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed).

2 The learned District Judge (the “DJ”) sentenced the appellant to 10 months’
imprisonment. This is the appellant’s appeal against the sentence that was
imposed. The appellant does not contend that the sentence imposed by the DJ
was manifestly excessive. Rather, she primarily seeks mercy from the court
either on the ground that she herself has some serious medical conditions
and/or that she is the primary caregiver for her husband, who has poor vision
and is unable to work, such that if she were incarcerated for any length of
time it would jeopardise her ability to care for her husband.

3 The following key facts were admitted by the appellant without qualification
in the statement of facts.

(a) The appellant worked as an outlet manager for a company that ran some food
courts. Her responsibility was to ensure the smooth operation of some food and
drink stalls at one such food court and in this capacity she was entrusted
with money from two safes. One of these contained the daily cash proceeds from
the stalls, which was kept in a safe box (“Sales Safe”) until they were handed
over to a security company. The other was a safe box which contained a cash
float of $20,000 (“Float Safe”). The appellant alone had access to the Float
Safe, while she shared access to the Sales Safe with the assistant manager.

(b) Over a period of about 5.5 weeks, the appellant dishonestly
misappropriated a total of $41,319.90 from the two safes and spent all of it
gambling at the casino in Resorts World Sentosa. No restitution has been made
by the appellant.

4 The DJ took into account four main aggravating factors:

(a) a large amount of money was taken by the appellant without any restitution
being made;

(b) the appellant’s offending behaviour was not a one-off incident but a
course of conduct committed on a number of separate occasions over a period of
time;

(c) the appellant had committed the offences for her personal gain in that she
misappropriated the money to feed her gambling habit; and

(d) the appellant was in a position of trust having exclusive or nearly
exclusive access to the two safes (GD at [64] and [73(a)] to [73(d)]).

5 The DJ also accepted the following mitigating factors:

(a) the appellant had pleaded guilty at the earliest instance, and

(b) the appellant was a first offender with no criminal antecedents (GD at
[65] and [73(e)]).

6 However, the DJ placed little mitigating weight on the appellant’s “personal
and family problems” (GD at [66]). As for the appellant’s ill health, the DJ
held that “there was no evidence to suggest that there was any causal link
between [her] illnesses and her commissioning [sic] of the offences” (GD at
[67]). The DJ was “confident that the Singapore Prison Services would have the
necessary and proper medical facilities to deal [with] and take care of the
[appellant’s] medical conditions during the period of her incarceration” (GD
at [69]). There were no “exceptional circumstances from which humanitarian
consideration had arisen which outweighed public interest to warrant a
discount in the [appellant’s] sentence” so as to justify the court exercising
judicial mercy in this case (GD at [70]).

7 Finally, the DJ noted from the sentencing precedents tendered by both
parties that the sentencing range for a first-time offender who had committed
criminal breach of trust as an employee for sums involving $30,000 to $50,000
would be in the range of between 9 and 15 months’ imprisonment (GD at [71]).
Having considered the foregoing factors and the sentencing precedents, the DJ
sentenced the appellant to 10 months’ imprisonment (GD at [79]).

8 In my judgment, this was a fair assessment of the aggravating and mitigating
circumstances in this case; it also correctly identified the sentencing range
for a case such as the present. I make one observation on the question of
restitution. This can be relevant from a number of perspectives. Restitution
may be relevant because it reduces the harm suffered by the victim; or it may
evidence genuine remorse on the part of the offender. The lack of restitution
would typically be a neutral factor, save in the case of an offender who fails
to make restitution despite having the means to do so. Such an offender would
seem intent on benefiting from his crime and this would often, if not
invariably, be an aggravating factor: see for instance the observations of Tay
Yong Kwang J (as he then was) in Goldring, Timothy Nicholas v Public
Prosecutor and other appeals [2015] 4 SLR 742 at [102].

9 The precedents show that the DJ did not err when he observed that the
sentencing range for a first-time offender who had committed an offence under
s 408 for sums involving $30,000 to $50,000 would be in the range of between 9
and 15 months’ imprisonment (GD at [71]). In the circumstances, the indicative
starting point in this case, based on precedents involving first-time
offenders misappropriating similar values of property, should be at least 9
months’ imprisonment.

(a) The indicative starting point in this case should only be slightly lower
than the sentence of 10 months’ imprisonment imposed for the 5th and 6th
charges each in Chong Kum Heng v Public Prosecutor [2020] 4 SLR 1056 (which
involved $54,000 and $49,000 respectively).

(b) The indicative starting point in this case should be higher than the
sentence of 7 months’ imprisonment imposed in Kavitha d/o Mailvaganam v Public
Prosecutor [2017] 4 SLR 1349 (“Kavitha”), since the quantum involved in that
case was only $30,423.96.

(c) There is also Gopalakrishnan Vanitha v Public Prosecutor [1999] 3 SLR(R)
310 (“Gopalakrishnan”), which is a dated precedent when the maximum custodial
sentence under s 408 (7 years’ imprisonment) was less than half of what it is
today (15 years). Even then, the offender in Gopalakrishnan was sentenced to a
global sentence of 18 months’ imprisonment for misappropriating a total of
$53,923.02.

10 Next, I consider the applicable sentencing principles. On this, I think
deterrence is the principal consideration. This is well established in the
precedents: see, Tan Kim Hock Anthony v Public Prosecutor and another appeal
[2014] 2 SLR 795 at [43]; Public Prosecutor v Lam Leng Hung and other appeals
[2017] 4 SLR 474 at [380] and [397].

11 I next turn to the specific points that were raised by the appellant in
this appeal. The focus of the appellant’s submission before me is the
potential impact a long custodial sentence might have on her husband, as she
would be unable to take care of him during the time of her incarceration.
While I sympathise with the appellant, it has long been held at least since
Lai Oei Mui Jenny v Public Prosecutor [1993] 2 SLR(R) 406 (“Jenny Lai”) at
[10]–[11] (per Yong Pung How CJ) that, except in “some very exceptional or
extreme”, “very rare” circumstances, hardship to the offender’s family has
very little, if any, mitigating value. This principle has been consistently
reaffirmed by our courts: see, Public Prosecutor v Mohammed Liton Mohammed
Syeed Mallik [2008] 1 SLR(R) 601 (“Liton”) at [98] (per Andrew Phang JCA,
delivering the Court of Appeal’s Grounds of Decision); Vasentha d/o Joseph v
Public Prosecutor [2015] 5 SLR 122 (“Vasentha”) at [75] (per Sundaresh Menon
CJ, describing the threshold as “a very high one”); Public Prosecutor v Yue
Mun Yew Gary [2013] 1 SLR 39 (“Gary Yue”) at [67] to [68] (per Quentin Loh J
(as he then was)); Public Prosecutor v Osi Maria Elenora Protacio [2016] SGHC
78 (“Osi Maria”) at [8] (per Chan Seng Onn J, further reasoning that “[o]ne
cannot modify a sentence merely because the family will suffer”).

12 A review of the caselaw shows just how “rare” and “exceptional” the
circumstances would have to be for hardship to the family to be given any
mitigating weight.

(a) In Liton, the Court of Appeal rejected the respondent’s submission that
his elder sister’s husband in Bangladesh was paralysed and depended on him for
support (at [98]).

(b) In Vasentha, the appellant’s submission that she had three young children
to care for because her husband was in prison was not given mitigating weight
by the court (at [84]).

(c) In Gary Yue, the appellant (who was unmarried and lived with his 72-year-
old father) submitted that he was the sole breadwinner of his family and
needed to take care of his aged father who was recently diagnosed with a blood
disorder. This submission was not accepted by Loh J (as he then was) (at
[69]).

(d) In Osi Maria, the District Judge had taken into account the fact that the
accused “committed the offences because of financial problems and that she
ha[d] to look after her daughter” in imposing a fine of $4,000 on the accused
for a charge under s 406 (with another s 406 charge being taken into
consideration for sentencing): Public Prosecutor v Osi Maria Elenora Protacio
[2016] SGDC 5 at [4]. On appeal, Chan J allowed the Prosecution’s appeal and
enhanced the sentence to 15 weeks’ imprisonment. In doing so, Chan J
reaffirmed Jenny Lai and held that the accused’s circumstances did not suffice
to meet the test of “rare” and “very exceptional or extreme circumstances” for
them to be given any mitigating weight (Osi Maria at [8]).

13 The present appellant’s circumstances are no more exceptional than those in
Liton, Vasentha, Gary Yue, and Osi Maria. As such, the potential hardship that
might be occasioned to the appellant’s husband and father do not justify
departing from what would otherwise be an appropriate sentence.

14 Finally, I also agree with the Prosecution’s written submission that the
appellant’s claim that she no longer has employment prospects does not provide
a basis for a reduced sentence. As was noted in Gary Yue at [67], the fact
that an offender’s “career or job prospects might be ruined by his conviction
is but a natural consequence of his own acts and ought to be given little or
no weight in mitigation.” As such, the appellant’s submissions on these
factors are not meritorious.

15 The same is true of the appellant’s own medical conditions. In the final
analysis, the appellant was seeking to invoke the doctrine of judicial mercy.
The conceptual basis of the doctrine of judicial mercy has been explained with
characteristic clarity by Chao Hick Tin JA (as he then was) in Chew Soo Chun v
Public Prosecutor and another appeal [2016] 2 SLR 78 at [21]–[27]. The DJ
reproduced the extract from Chao JA’s judgment in his Grounds of Decision and
I do not propose to do the same here. But there are at least three key
propositions that can be drawn from that extract, as follows.

(a) While judicial mercy is rooted in the considerations of humanity, it is an
exceptional judicial response. It seeks to express society’s sympathetic
reaction to the particular plight of the offender.

(b) However, the court must be vigilant in guarding against the danger that
what is an exceptional jurisdiction becomes an unprincipled one. If the court
moderates punishment on an unprincipled basis it may either endorse the view
that ill health or personal hardship is a licence to offend or may shield an
offender from the due consequences of her actions and this can give rise to
the real danger of disparate and uneven sentencing, which ultimately works
injustice.

(c) The right balance is struck by limiting the invocation of judicial mercy
to situations where the humanitarian considerations truly outweigh the public
interest in punishing the offender for what she has done wrong. In this
context, the court should not, on account of the offender’s difficult
circumstances, lose sight of the important public interest in and societal
benefits to be had from denouncing crime, safeguarding and protecting society
from crime and ultimately in seeking the rehabilitation of offenders through
the imposition of suitable punishment. Hence, the cases where judicial mercy
can be invoked will be truly exceptional.

16 These principles explain why, although I may be sympathetic to the
appellant’s situation in terms of her own poor medical health or the difficult
circumstances that her actions have exposed her husband to, the present
circumstances do not justify my deviating from what would otherwise be an
appropriate sentence. I am satisfied that the DJ’s sentence was neither wrong
in principle nor manifestly excessive and I therefore dismiss the appeal.

Sundaresh Menon  
Chief Justice|  
---|---  
  
The appellant in person;

Charis Low and Bryan Joel Lim (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the
respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 26 Aug 2021 (17:59 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

