Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the appellate division OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC(A) 9

Civil Appeal No 17 of 2021 and Summons No 7 of 2021

Between

TOT

… Appellant

And

TOU

… Respondent

Civil Appeal No 18 of 2021

Between

TOU

… Appellant

And

TOT

… Respondent

In the matter of Divorce (Transferred) No 1467 of 2015

Between

TOU

… Plaintiff

And

TOT

… Defendant

EX tEMPORE judgment

[Family Law] — [Maintenance] — [Wife]

[Family Law] — [Matrimonial assets] — [Division]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
TOT

  
v

  

TOU and another appeal and another matter

[2021] SGHC(A) 9

Appellate Division of the High Court — Civil Appeals No 17 and 18 of 2021 and
Summons No 7 of 2021  
Belinda Ang Saw Ean JAD, Quentin Loh JAD and Chua Lee Ming J  
25 August 2021

25 August 2021

Belinda Ang Saw Ean JAD (delivering the judgment of the court ex tempore):

Introduction

1 In AD/CA 17/2021 (“CA 17”) and AD/CA 18/2021 (“CA 18”), the Husband and the
Wife have cross-appealed against the ancillary orders made by the High Court
Judge (“the Judge”) in HCF/DT 1467/2015. Each has raised a number of
challenges in respect of the Judge’s orders. These challenges pertain to the
division of matrimonial assets, the Wife’s maintenance, as well as the costs
in respect of the decision below. The Husband has also brought a separate
application, AD/SUM 7/2021 (“SUM 7”) to adduce fresh evidence in his appeal.

2 We remind parties that, in matrimonial cases, the appellate court will be
slow to interfere with the orders made by the court below unless it can be
demonstrated that the court below has committed an error of law or principle,
or has failed to appreciate certain material facts: ANJ v ANK [2015] 4 SLR
1043 (“ANJ v ANK”) at [42]; TNL v TNK and another appeal and another matter
[2017] 1 SLR 609 at [53]. Furthermore, in USB v USA and another appeal [2020]
2 SLR 588, the Court of Appeal categorically stated (at [80]) that:

[I]n the context of matrimonial disputes, appeals will not be sympathetically
received where the result is a potential adjustment of the sums awarded below
that works out to less than 10% thereof… where the Judge below expended
significant effort in particularising parties’ contributions and explaining
his reasons for doing so, parties should not nit-pick at minor errors,
especially when the errors are not ones of principle.

3 This being said, the court will step in to correct computational errors in
appropriate instances, particularly where both parties are agreed that such
errors exist. For example, in BOR v BOS and another appeal [2018] SGCA 78, the
Court of Appeal stepped in to correct several computational errors made by the
High Court Judge, most of which were not disputed by either party.

4 Having set out the relevant threshold for appellate intervention, we now
provide the grounds of our decision on SUM 7 and the cross-appeals below.

SUM 7

5 In SUM 7, the Husband seeks to adduce the following evidence (collectively,
“the Further Evidence”):

(a) two e-mails from 2006 showing that the Husband’s company would remit the
reimbursement for travel expenses paid by him;

(b) invoices and e-mails from travel agents and hotels which the Husband
stayed at during his business trips; and

(c) a letter of offer dated 8 July 2004 from United Overseas Bank for a term
loan on the security of one of the Husband’s properties.

6 In order to succeed in SUM 7, the Husband must show that the Further
Evidence satisfies the three conditions set out in Ladd v Marshall [1954] 1
WLR 1489 (“Ladd v Marshall”), ie, that the evidence (a) could not have been
obtained with reasonable diligence for use at the hearing below; (b) if given,
would probably have an important influence on the result of the case, though
it need not be decisive; and (c) is as such as to be presumably believed, ie,
apparently credible, though it need not be incontrovertible: see UJN v UJO
[2021] SGCA 18 at [4]. If the appeal is against a decision after a trial or a
hearing bearing the characteristics of a trial (eg, assessment of damages
involving extensive taking of evidence and cross examination), the
requirements in Ladd v Marshall should generally apply with full rigour.
Otherwise, the court remains guided by the rule in Ladd v Marshall but is not
obliged to apply it in an unattenuated manner: see AnAn Group (Singapore) Pte
Ltd v VTB Bank (Public Joint Stock Co) [2019] 2 SLR 341 at [35] and [57].

7 In our judgment, even though the Ladd v Marshall conditions need not be
applied stringently here because the AM hearing was based on affidavit
evidence without cross-examination of the deponents, the Further Evidence
should not be admitted for the reasons that follow.

8 First, we are unpersuaded by the Husband’s argument that he was unable to
retrieve the Further Evidence with reasonable diligence at the time of the
ancillary matters hearing because they were kept in boxes that were stored in
his friend’s house. The Husband was evidently fully aware of the existence and
location of the documents, and the onus lay on him to make the necessary
effort to access them if required. In any event, the Husband acknowledged in
his written submissions for the ancillary matters hearing that he had been
keeping records of his business travels in hard disks and he has not explained
why the documents which he now seeks to admit were not in the hard disks, and
if they were in the hard disks, why they had not been retrieved earlier. In
these circumstances, there is no justification to allow him to admit the
Further Evidence at this belated stage of the proceedings.

9 Second, the relevance of the Further Evidence is equivocal. Although the
Further Evidence does shed some light on the movements of deposits in, and
withdrawals from, the POSB 102 account during the period from mid-December
2005 to February 2007, the Further Evidence does not deal with the full amount
in dispute and is thus unlikely to influence the outcome of our decision in so
far as the adverse inferences against the Husband are concerned.

10 Given the above, we do not see any basis for admitting the Further Evidence
and SUM 7 is therefore dismissed.

Division of matrimonial assets

11 In so far as the division of matrimonial assets is concerned, having
considered the parties’ written submissions and counsel’s oral arguments, we
are satisfied that there is no merit in the Wife’s challenges. She has not
been able to show that the Judge’s decision was wrong in principle, or that he
made any material mistakes of fact. Similarly, for the same reason, there is
no merit in the Husband’s challenges save for one exception. That exception is
the Judge’s assessment of the parties’ expenditure on the River Valley
Property (being one of the parties’ joint properties (“Joint Properties”)).

12 The Husband contends that the Judge wrongly deducted a sum of $288,750 from
the Husband’s estimate of the parties’ expenditure on the River Valley
Property. This is said to comprise a sum $283,750, being a direct contribution
by the Husband to the River Valley Property, as well as a sum of $5,000, being
a direct contribution by the Wife to the River Valley Property. The Wife
accepts that the Judge made a mistake in deducting these sums, the parties
have adjusted their calculations in their respective skeletal submissions to
account for this mistake.

13 The parties accept that, taking into account the figure of $288,750, with
all else being equal, the parties’ total expenditure on the Joint Properties
ought to be $4,999,963.51. As such, the value of the Husband’s direct
contributions from his cash and CPF towards the Joint Properties is
$2,795,424.58, and the revised ratio of the parties’ direct contributions to
the Joint Properties ought to be as follows:

Contributions | Wife | Husband   
---|---|---  
Cash & CPF | 669,069.69 | 2,795,424.58  
Rental income| 767,734.62| 767,734.62  
Percentage | 28.7%| 71.3%   
Apportioned | 1,486,118.83(28.7% x 5,178,114.39)| 3,691,995.56(71.3% x 5,178,114.39)  
  
14 Taking into consideration the change to the parties’ expenditure on the
Joint Properties, the ratio of the parties’ overall direct contributions
should be as follows:

S/N| Asset| Wife’s contribution| Husband’s contribution  
---|---|---|---  
Joint assets  
1| Joint Properties| 1,486,118.83| 3,691,995.56  
2| Joint bank accounts | | 36,470.31  
Wife’s assets  
3| Matrimonial Home| 1,994,650.00| 55,350.00  
4| Chronoswiss watch| 5,628.00| 22,372.00  
5| Remaining assets | 838,188.35|   
Husband’s assets  
6| Husband’s assets | | 1,274,507.59  
Total| 4,324,585.18| 5,080,695.46  
Ratio| 46.0| 54.0  
  
15 Consequently, the parties’ average contributions ratio ought to be revised
as follows:

Contributions ratio| Wife| Husband  
---|---|---  
Direct | 46.0| 54.0  
Indirect| 55.0| 45.0  
Average | 50.5| 49.5  
  
16 In addition to the exception above, we also respectfully disagree with the
Judge’s approach of adjusting the parties’ contributions ratio of 50.75
(Wife):49.25 (Husband) by 0.75% to reach a final contributions ratio of 50:50
between the parties (see Judgment at [159]). The Judge had opined that such an
adjustment was warranted because this was a long marriage of 17 years with two
children and, according to UBM v UBN [2017] 4 SLR 921 (“UBM v UBN”) at [66],
an inclination towards equal division would apply to long dual-income
marriages where appropriate.

17 In our judgment, these reasons do not pass muster. We do not interpret UBM
v UBN for the proposition that the court is entitled to further adjust the
parties’ average ratios after applying the ANJ v ANK framework, for the sole
purpose of reaching an equal or a more equal division between the parties.
Indeed, such an approach was explicitly rejected by the Court of Appeal in UYQ
v UYP [2020] 1 SLR 551. In that case, the High Court Judge had arrived at a
average ratio of 67.5 (Wife):32.5 (Husband) after applying the ANJ v ANK
framework. The Judge had then proceeded to adjust this ratio downwards to 60
(Wife):40 (Husband) because of, inter alia, her view that the court should
incline towards equal division in long dual-income marriages. On appeal, the
Court of Appeal held that the initial ratio of 67.5:32.5 should not have been
amended as the Judge, in applying the ANJ v ANK framework, had already
considered all the relevant factors under s 112 of the Women’s Charter (Cap
353, 2009 Rev Ed) (at [5]). Likewise, in the present case, the fact that this
was a 17-year long marriage with two children had already been duly considered
by the Judge in his application of the ANJ v ANK framework. We therefore do
not think that there was any basis for the Judge to further adjust the
parties’ average ratios to 50:50.

18 At this juncture, we also briefly explain our reasons for not disturbing
the Judge’s findings as regards (a) the four insurance policies; (b) the
apportionment of rental income from the Joint Properties as well as (c) the
drawing of adverse inferences, given that both parties have expended
considerable effort on these issues.

19 In relation to the four insurance policies in respect of which the children
are the life assured, the burden lies on the Husband to show how the Judge had
erred in including the insurance policies in the matrimonial pool. In our
view, the Husband has not discharged this burden as he has not provided us
with actual copies of the policies in question. He has only adduced letters
from the insurers which do not tell us who the beneficiaries of the policies
are.

20 In relation to the apportionment of rental income, the Husband makes two
alternative contentions. First, the Judge should not have counted the rental
income from the Joint Properties as part of the parties’ direct contributions.
This approach had resulted in double-counting since the rental income had been
entirely deposited into the parties’ jointly-held POSB 102 account, which
already formed part of the matrimonial pool. In the alternative, the Judge
should not have apportioned the rental income equally between the parties as
the Wife had “washed her hands from the dealings [with] the [Joint
Properties]”.

21 In our view, the Husband’s first argument is misconceived as it conflates
the identification of matrimonial assets with the determination of the
parties’ respective contributions to the same. In the present case, the Judge
did not include the rental income from the Joint Properties in the pool of
matrimonial assets (see Judgment at [60]). However, as it is undisputed that
the rental income from the Joint Properties had been applied to service the
mortgage loans on the Joint Properties, the Judge was clearly entitled to
consider the rental income as part of the parties’ contributions towards the
acquisition of the Joint Properties. There would have been no double-counting
in this regard since whatever moneys remained in POSB 102 evidently could not
have been applied towards the acquisition of the Joint Properties.

22 The Husband’s alternative argument is likewise without merit. In our view,
the Judge was entitled to rely on Twiss, Christopher James Hans v Twiss,
Yvonne Prendergast [2015] SGCA 52 (“Twiss”) where the Court of Appeal held (at
[18]) that rental proceeds which had been derived from renting out the
parties’ jointly-owned matrimonial home “ought to be considered as belonging
jointly to the parties as this was income earned on an asset that was jointly
owned”. The Husband seeks to distinguish Twiss on the basis that it dealt with
rental income derived from a matrimonial home whereas in the present case, the
rental income had been derived from jointly-owned properties which were not
matrimonial homes. We do not see any reason to distinguish Twiss on this
basis. First, it should not make a difference whether rental income was
derived from the matrimonial home or an investment property. In the years that
the matrimonial home was used to earn rental income, it was practically an
investment property. Secondly, in our view, the court in Twiss was applying a
presumption (which is rebuttable by countervailing evidence) that rental
income earned on an asset that was jointly owned should be attributed equally.
The court’s application of that presumption was fair in that case because it
gave recognition to the fact that the rental income was brought in by both
parties to the marriage to acquire the property in question. In the present
case, we are similarly satisfied that it would be fair to apply this
presumption, there being no evidence of any arrangement between the parties to
share the rental proceeds in an unequal manner. In fact, it is the Wife’s
evidence that she has paid and is still paying income tax based on 50% of the
rental income earned from the Joint Properties.

23 As to the adverse inferences against the parties, given that we have
dismissed SUM 7 (see [10] above), we are not satisfied that there are any
grounds for disturbing the Judge’s findings that both parties had failed to
disclose certain material facts. The only aspect of the Judge’s reasoning that
we disagree with is that, in drawing an adverse inference against the Husband
in respect of the cheque for $180,000, the Judge had relied on the fact that
one of the entries in the Husband’s cheque book had been modified (see
Judgment at [138]). Based on the Husband’s cheque book records, the alteration
had only been made to the amount of the cheque, and in this regard, there was
no dispute that a sum of $180,000 had in fact been debited from the Husband’s
bank account on 12 November 2007. Notwithstanding this, however, we agree with
the Judge that the Husband had taken highly inconsistent positions as regards
the purpose of the cheque, and that this provided sufficient basis to draw an
adverse inference against him. On the whole, we agree with the Judge’s
approach of drawing adverse inferences against the Husband and Wife equally,
with the net effect that there was zero change to their average contributions
ratio.

Maintenance

24 Both the Wife and the Husband are appealing against the Judge’s order that
the Husband pay the Wife nominal maintenance of $1 a month. The Husband
submits that the Judge should not have ordered the Husband to pay the Wife
maintenance at all, while the Wife seeks lump sum maintenance of $756,000.

25 We do not think that it would be appropriate to make an order for
substantive maintenance, much less lump sum maintenance in the sum of
$756,000. We accept that the Husband has many financial responsibilities,
including the children’s expenses and the mortgage payments for two of the
Joint Properties. The Wife will also be obtaining a substantial sum from the
division of matrimonial assets.

26 That being said, we do not accept the Husband’s position that the Wife
should not be awarded maintenance at all. Though the Wife previously held a
well-paying job, it appears that she has not been able to secure any form of
permanent employment since her retrenchment in 2017. The COVID-19 pandemic has
also created uncertainty in the job market and, as the Judge found, there is
real possibility that the Wife may not be able to find a job in the near
future, much less one which offers her the same amount of income as before.

27 We note that, on appeal, the Husband raises the new contention that the
Wife receives income from her directorship of two companies and that nominal
maintenance is not warranted as a result. In response, the Wife seeks to admit
two affidavits as evidence that she does not receive any income from her
directorships of the two companies. We admit the two affidavits. We note the
Husband’s counsel’s point that the Wife could have provided the accounts of
the companies to show that she had not received any director’s fees from them.
However, the affidavits were filed by the directors of the respective
companies and they constitute independent evidence which this court can give
weight to. In relation to the first company (“Co-W”), the affidavit states
that the Wife has not received any salary or director’s fee from Co-W from the
date of its incorporation, and that an application to strike off Co-W has been
filed. In relation to the second company (“Co-F”), the affidavit states that
the Wife has not been paid any remuneration or director’s fee from Co-F, and
also shows that the Wife is not a shareholder of Co-F.

28 In the premises, we are of the view that the Judge’s decision to order
nominal maintenance for the Wife was appropriate. Such an arrangement ensures
that the Husband will not be unduly financially burdened at present, and also
preserves the Wife’s right to apply for substantive maintenance in the future,
should her unemployment persist.

Costs below

29 Finally, the Wife submits that the Judge erred in not ordering the Husband
to pay the costs of the AM hearing to the Wife. The Wife contends that the
Husband ought to bear the Wife’s costs because he had caused the proceedings
below to become unnecessarily protracted and had also refused to engage a
lawyer despite having the financial means to do so.

30 It is trite that the costs of the ancillaries is an issue that lies well
within the discretion of the first instance judge: see TNL v TNK at [65] and
JBB v JBA [2015] 5 SLR 153 at [5]. In our view, there is no compelling reason
to interfere with the Judge’s exercise of discretion in the present case. The
Husband and the Wife had each succeeded on different aspects of the ancillary
matters that were in issue, and there was therefore no obvious “winner” to
whom costs should be awarded.

Conclusion

31 For the reasons set out above, we dismiss SUM 7 in its entirety, and we
dismiss CAs 17 and 18 except in relation to the point set out at [12] above.

32 As for the costs of the appeals, and the costs incurred by the late filing
of the two affidavits by the Wife, we order that each party bears his or her
own costs. For SUM 7, we award costs against the Husband but this is fully set
off against the sum of $3,906.70, being his share of the additional filing fee
incurred by the parties for filing the parties’ Joint Core Bundle in excess of
the page limit. The usual consequential orders will apply.

Belinda Ang Saw Ean  
Judge of the Appellate Division | Quentin Loh   
Judge of the Appellate Division |   
---|---|---  
Chua Lee Ming  
Judge of the High Court | |   
  
Lai Ying Ling Jenny and Lai Ying Mei Jennifer (Jenny Lai & Co) for the
appellant in AD/CA 17/2021, the applicant in AD/SUM 7/2021 and the respondent
in AD/CA 18/2021;

Tay Siok Leng Josephine (Josephine Tay & Co) for the respondent in AD/CA
17/2021 and AD/SUM 7/2021, and the appellant in AD/CA 18/2021.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 25 Aug 2021 (16:19 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

