Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC 48

Criminal Case No 42 of 2017

Between

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
And

(1)| Dzulkarnain bin Khamis  
---|---  
(2)| Sanjay Krishnan  
  
grounds of decision

[Criminal Law] — [Statutory offences] — [Misuse of Drugs Act]

  
  

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  

v

  

Dzulkarnain bin Khamis and another

[2021] SGHC 48

General Division of the High Court — Criminal Case No 42 of 2017  
Hoo Sheau Peng J  
20–23, 27–30 June 2017, 27–29 March, 3–6 April 2018, 15–18, 30–31 January,
14–15 February, 16 July 2019, 5 June 2020, 11 September 2020

25 February 2021

Hoo Sheau Peng J:

Introduction

1 The first accused person, Mr Dzulkarnain bin Khamis (“Dzulkarnain”), claimed
trial to two charges of trafficking in not less than 2,375.1g of cannabis and
not less than 2,329.1g of cannabis mixture under s 5(1)(a) of the Misuse of
Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed) (the “MDA”) by delivering the cannabis and
cannabis mixture to the second accused person, Mr Sanjay Krishnan (“Sanjay”).
Sanjay claimed trial to two corresponding charges of possession of the
cannabis and cannabis mixture for the purpose of trafficking of the same under
s 5(1)(a) read with s 5(2) of the MDA.

2 Prior to the filing of the parties’ reply submissions, the Court of Appeal
released Saravanan Chandaram v Public Prosecutor [2020] 2 SLR 95 and held that
it is impermissible for the Prosecution to concurrently prefer charges of
trafficking in both cannabis and cannabis mixture with respect to the same
compressed block of cannabis-related plant material. However, in another
pending appeal, the Prosecution raised new arguments on this point for the
Court of Appeal’s consideration. Thus, upon the Prosecution’s application, the
charges in relation to the cannabis mixture have been stood down.

3 Subsequently, I found the accused persons guilty of the respective charges
involving not less than 2,375.1g of cannabis. Dzulkarnain was sentenced to
life imprisonment, while the mandatory death sentence was imposed on Sanjay.
Both the accused persons have appealed against their convictions and
sentences, and I now provide my full reasons.

Undisputed facts

4 On 23 February 2015, at about 12.30am, Dzulkarnain met Sanjay at the branch
of the United Overseas Bank (“UOB”) located at People’s Park Complex. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

P121 at [10]–[16]; Agreed Bundle (“AB”), p 451.

5 Sometime that afternoon, Dzulkarnain collected a brown box from a bus stop
near Tuas Checkpoint. To do so, Dzulkarnain used a van bearing registration
number GU9036U. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

P118 at p 427; P127 at p 453.

Then, at around 4.00pm, Dzulkarnain drove the van to Lorong 21 Geylang and
thereafter to Lorong 37 Geylang (“Lorong 37”). 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

AB, pp 345–346.

Upon reaching Lorong 37, Dzulkarnain carried the brown box out of his van and
walked into the back lane. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

AB, p 346.

He proceeded out of the back lane and placed the brown box near a green
dustbin located next to 14 Lorong 37 (the “drop-off point”). 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

AB, p 346.

He then drove off.

6 Shortly after, Sanjay drove his car bearing registration number SDS721E into
Lorong 37. After alighting, Sanjay retrieved a brown box from the drop-off
point. He returned to his car and drove off. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

AB, p 267; AB, p 281.

7 Immediately after, at about 4.35pm, Sanjay was apprehended and arrested by a
team of officers from the Central Narcotics Bureau (“CNB”) near Lorong 36
Geylang. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

AB, p 281.

At around 4.40pm, Dzulkarnain was arrested at an Esso petrol kiosk at Ipoh
Road by another team of CNB officers. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

AB, p 347.

8 From Sanjay’s person, Senior Station Inspector David Ng recovered a
handphone marked by CNB as “SK-HP1”. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

AB, p 257.

From Sanjay’s car, the CNB officers seized, among other things: (a) a brown
box with marking “SKP” (the ““SKP” box”); 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

AB, p 268; photograph in P35.

(b) four handphones with CNB markings as “SK-HP2” to “SK-HP5”; 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

P219–P222 (marked “SK-HP2” to “SK-HP5”); see photograph in P49.

(c) a blue notebook (the “blue notebook”) and a black notebook (the “black
notebook”), 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

P254 and P211 respectively.

and (d) two samurai swords and a 30-cm knife 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

AB, pp 333 and 335.

. Among other items seized from Dzulkarnain, there was a handphone marked as
“DBK-HP1”. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

AB, p 387; photograph in P51.

9 The “SKP” box contained five bundles of vegetable matter that comprise the
subject matter of the capital charges. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

P131–P135; photographs in P38 and P41.

Eventually, analysis by the Health Sciences Authority (the “HSA”) revealed
that the vegetable matter in the five bundles contained not less than 2375.1g
of cannabis and 2329.1g of cannabinol and tetrahydrocannabinol with the
detailed breakdown as follows: 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Revised HSA certificates are marked as P69A to P73A.

S/N| Exhibit Marking| Analysis  
---|---|---  
1| A1A1A| 500.4g of cannabis480.3g of cannabinol and tetrahydrocannabinol  
2| A1B1A| 434.9g of cannabis458.8g of cannabinol and tetrahydrocannabinol  
3| A1C1A| 486.6g of cannabis418.4g of cannabinol and tetrahydrocannabinol  
4| A1D1A| 461.1g of cannabis500.8g of cannabinol and tetrahydrocannabinol  
5| A1E1A| 492.1g of cannabis470.8g of cannabinol and tetrahydrocannabinol  
  
The parties’ cases

The Prosecution’s case

10 The Prosecution’s case was that Dzulkarnain collected a brown box which he
then delivered to the drop-off point for collection by Sanjay. In fact, it was
Sanjay who gave instructions to Dzulkarnain regarding the delivery, including
the location of the drop-off point at Lorong 37.

11 Shortly after Dzulkarnain drove off in his van, Sanjay drove into Lorong 37
in his car. He collected the “SKP” box from the drop-off point and drove off.
Sanjay was arrested almost immediately thereafter.

12 As Dzulkarnain and Sanjay were being tailed by different teams of officers
from the CNB, it was undisputed that there was a short period of time –
estimated to be a few minutes – when the brown box left by Dzulkarnain was not
kept under observation by any CNB officer. However, the Prosecution’s position
was that the “SKP” box picked up by Sanjay was the very same brown box left by
Dzulkarnain. When Sanjay was arrested, he was on the way to perform an onward
delivery of the cannabis in the “SKP” box.

13 After the “SKP” box was recovered from Sanjay’s car, there was proper
custody by the relevant CNB officers to ensure the integrity of the drug
exhibits until they were handed over for analysis to be conducted by the HSA.

14 Apart from relying on the evidence of witnesses, especially the CNB
officers, the Prosecution also relied on statements recorded from the accused
persons in the course of investigations which were admitted without any
objections by the accused persons pursuant to s 258(1) of the Criminal
Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed) (“CPC”). For convenience, I set out some
of the contents of these statements in my summaries of the cases for the
accused persons, together with the responses of the accused persons to such
aspects: see [19]–[21] and [29] below.

15 As against Sanjay, the Prosecution also relied on communication records of
three out of the five handphones recovered from Sanjay’s car. The relevant
communications for the period of 20 to 22 February 2013 were collated in an
exhibit entitled “Summary of Telecommunications between B1, B2 & Bala Luk
Kor”, otherwise known as “Annex F”. In that period, there were communications
between SK-HP1 with the number 81967339 (saved as “Bala” in SK-HP1). During
the same period, there were also communications between Dzulkarnain’s
handphone DBK-HP1 and the same number (saved as “Boss Bro” in DBK-HP1). Then,
on 23 February 2015, the records of SK-HP2 and SK-HP3 showed 24 exchanges with
DKB-HP1. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

See Annex F at items 84–122 for the exchanges on 23 February 2015.

16 Further, the Prosecution relied on the contents of the blue and black
notebooks found in Sanjay’s car. Deputy Superintendent Qamarul Zaman bin
Hussin (“DSP Qamarul”), the officer-in-charge of the Intelligence Division of
the CNB, was called as an expert on the street names and prices of drugs.
Based on the handwritten entries within the notebooks, he testified that they
related to multiple drug transactions, ie, prices and weights of transactions
in, inter alia, cannabis, methamphetamine, ecstasy, Erimin-5 and heroin. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

NEs, 28 June 2017, p 80 line 6 to p 81 line 17.

17 I should add that the Prosecution also showed that on 23 February 2015,
Sanjay was present at two locations ie, Peninsula Plaza and Ngee Ann City,
around the times when a sum of $250 each was transferred via ATM at 9.34am and
2.45pm respectively to the bank account of Ms Nur Ratnawati (“Nur”),
Dzulkarnain’s partner. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

As summarised in the Prosecution’s Closing Submissions (“PCS”) at [103]–[105].

This was preceded by a text message from DBK-HP1 to SK-HP2 at 1.11am on 23
February 2015, providing Nur’s bank account number. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Annex F at item 90.

18 In its closing submissions, the Prosecution submitted that both Dzulkarnain
and Sanjay had been proved to be in actual possession of the “SKP” box and its
contents (albeit at different times), thus triggering the presumption within s
18(2) of the MDA that they each knew the nature of the drugs they were
delivering. Neither of them was able to rebut the presumption of knowledge.
The other elements of the respective charges had also been established. On
this basis, the Prosecution contended that the accused persons should be
convicted of the respective charges. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

PCS and Prosecution’s Reply Submissions.

Dzulkarnain’s case

19 At the trial, Dzulkarnain remained silent. He did not call any factual
witness. Instead, Dzulkarnain adduced a statement which he furnished on 23
February 2015 at 5.15pm in response to a notification under s 33B of the MDA
22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Exh 1D-1.

(“Dzulkarnain’s s 33B MDA statement”). In it, Dzulkarnain said “I do not know
what the things are and how many. I know that it is illegal things. Thought it
was cigarette. My wage is only $250.”

20 As part of the Prosecution’s case, six statements recorded from Dzulkarnain
were admitted. In the statement recorded on 23 February 2015 at 5.30pm
(“Dzulkarnain’s contemporaneous statement”), Dzulkarnain said that he did not
know the contents of the brown box which he collected for delivery to Sanjay
in return for a sum of $250. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

AB, pp 337–339 and 341.

In the cautioned statement recorded on 24 February 2015 at 10.35pm
(“Dzulkarnain’s cautioned statement”), he admitted that he knew he was
supposed to “deliver drugs to Sanjay”. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

P118 at p 427.

As payment for the task, Sanjay had transferred a sum of $250 to his wife’s
account. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

P118 at p 427.

In the four other statements recorded on 3, 5, 7 and 10 March 2015
respectively (“Dzulkarnain’s long statements”), he explained the circumstances
surrounding his involvement in the collection and delivery of drugs to Sanjay.
26

##### Foot Note 26

×

P120, P121, P125 and P127.

21 To summarise, Dzulkarnain stated that his friend, one “Bala Luk Kor”, who
was a member of a gang known as “369”, knew that Dzulkarnain was in financial
difficulty. “Bala Luk Kor” told him that he could earn $500 for each drug
delivery job. Dzulkarnain saved the contact number of “Bala Luk Kor” under
“Boss Bro” in his handphone. On 22 February 2015, “Bala Luk Kor” told
Dzulkarnain that Sanjay, another member of “369”, had a drug delivery job for
him. Sanjay would contact Dzulkarnain about the drug delivery job. Thereafter,
on 23 February 2015, Sanjay contacted Dzulkarnain to make the arrangements. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

P120 at [4], [6] and [7].

When they met that early morning of 23 February 2015, Sanjay told him he would
be paid $250 first, and then another $250 upon completion of the job ie $500
in total. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

P121 at [14].

Later that afternoon, he collected the brown box at a bus stop near Tuas
Checkpoint. Then, he delivered the brown box to Lorong 37. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

P127 at [28], [30] and [31].

22 In questioning the Investigation Officer, Senior Staff Sergeant Ranjeet Ram
Behari (“IO Ranjeet”) who recorded Dzulkarnain’s cautioned statement and long
statements, Dzulkarnain’s counsel, Mr Eugene Thuraisingam (“Mr Thuraisingam”)
brought IO Ranjeet through the multiple references to “drug” and/or “drugs”
within them, and suggested that Dzulkarnain did not mention “drug” and/or
“drugs” at all. These allegations were flatly denied by IO Ranjeet. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

NEs, 4 April 2018, p 89 lines 7–17.

IO Ranjeet was informed that Dzulkarnain’s position was that he had only
agreed to transport cigarettes. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

NEs, 4 April 2018, p 98 line 26 to p 99 line 11.

This point, however, was not raised in the closing submissions. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Dzulkarnain’s Closing Submissions (“DCS”) and Reply Submissions (“DRS”).

23 In questioning IO Ranjeet, some of the other Prosecution witnesses, as well
as Sanjay, Mr Thuraisingam suggested that the “SKP” box picked up by Sanjay
may not have been the brown box left by Dzulkarnain at the drop-off point.
Indeed, in the closing submissions, the focus was that the Prosecution had
failed to establish this crucial fact ie, of delivery by Dzulkarnain of the
“SKP” box to Sanjay. Therefore, the charge had not been made out. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

DCS at [4]–[39]; DRS at [2]–[14].

24 I note that Dzulkarnain called an expert, Dr Munidasa Winslow (“Dr
Winslow”), who diagnosed that at the time of the offence, he suffered from an
adjustment disorder and a stimulant use disorder. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Exh 1D-2 at [23]–[24].

Dzulkarnain relied on Dr Winslow’s evidence for the purpose of sentencing
only. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

DCS at [47]–[68].

Sanjay’s case

25 Turning to Sanjay’s case, he testified that he picked up the “SKP” box. In
essence, Sanjay’s defence was that one “Boy Lai” had asked him to collect
“some collectors’ hunting knives and possibly some contraband cigarettes that
he had ordered from one “Malaysian Boy”” 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

NEs, 17 January 2019, p 25 lines 1–4.

from Dzulkarnain. Then, he was to deliver the items to Boy Lai at Hotel La
Mode at Lorong 10 Geylang (“Lorong 10”). As Boy Lai was a fellow knife
collector, Sanjay agreed to do so. In return, he was promised a payment of
$300. As such, Sanjay did not know that the “SKP” box in fact contained five
bundles of cannabis. In his testimony, Sanjay described his relationship with
Boy Lai, and the circumstances surrounding the collection and delivery he
agreed to carry out for Boy Lai.

26 While Sanjay admitted that the two handphones marked as SK-HP4 and SK-HP5
were his, he denied that the other three handphones (ie, SK-HP1, SK-HP2 and
SK-HP3) belonged to him. Just before he collected the “SKP” box, Boy Lai was
in the car. Boy Lai left those three devices in his car for his use. By and
large, the communications records of the three devices had nothing to do with
him.

27 Sanjay also denied that the two notebooks were his. Specifically, he
claimed that the black notebook belonged to Boy Lai, while the blue notebook
belonged to someone who previously rented his car. He also denied that he
transferred two sums of $250 each to Nur’s account.

28 To support his assertion that he was a knife collector, Sanjay highlighted
that during the search of his car on 23 February 2015, knives were seized: see
[8] above. In a statement given to the police on 2 February 2017 in relation
to his possession of the knives which he introduced into evidence, Sanjay
mentioned that he was a collector of knives. He also mentioned that he had
bought two of those knives from Boy Lai. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Exh 2D-2.

He called a witness, Mr Billy Chu Jun Kuan (“Billy Chu”), who testified that
once, he bought three knives from Sanjay. Sanjay also called his girlfriend Ms
Shankiri d/o Danakodi (“Shankiri”) and Mr Graceson Ang as witnesses.

29 There were ten statements recorded from Sanjay adduced by the Prosecution.
While I shall not set out the contents of four long statements recorded on 1,
5, 6 and 7 March 2015 respectively by IO Ranjeet, 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

P119, P122, P123 and P124.

I set out aspects of the six other statements as follows:

(a) Immediately after his arrest but before the “SKP” box was opened, Sanjay
was asked by Station Inspector Tay Cher Yeen (“SI Tay”) about its contents.
Sanjay shrugged, but did not answer. His reaction was recorded by Senior Staff
Sergeant Wong Kah Hung (“SSSgt Wong”) in the field diary which I shall refer
to as the “oral statement”. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

AB, p 275 at [16].

Both the officers disagreed that Sanjay had told them that it was a box of
“knives and cigarettes”. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

NEs, 27 June 2017, p 90 lines 8–11; NEs, 22 June 2017, p 5 lines 16–19.

(b) A few hours later, when questioned by SI Tay, Sanjay said that he did not
know what the “SKP” box contained (the “contemporaneous statement”). 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

AB, p 298 at Q4–A4.

The accuracy of this was not challenged until Sanjay’s cross-examination when
he explained that as he was asked to collect “knives and possibly cigarettes”,
and not “a brown box”, there was nothing wrong with his answer that he did not
know the contents of the box. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

NEs, 31 January 2019, p 33 line 20 to p 35 line 1, p 36 lines 7–8.

(c) In his cautioned statement recorded on 24 February 2015 by IO Ranjeet
(“Sanjay’s cautioned statement”), Sanjay stated that “I believe that it was
illegal cigarettes, as told by a guy called Malaysian Boy.” He was paid $300
for delivering the “illegal cigarettes”. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

AB, p 422.

At trial, however, Sanjay alleged that he actually wanted to say, “I believe
that it was illegal cigarettes and hunting knives, as told by a guy called
“Boy Lai” which he ordered from Malaysian Boy.” IO Ranjeet refused to allow
him to make the additions. Thus, he refused to sign the cautioned statement.
44

##### Foot Note 44

×

NEs, 30 January 2019 p 33 line 14 to p 35 line 15.

When questioned, IO Ranjeet stated that Sanjay did not give any reason for not
signing the cautioned statement. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

NEs, 3 April 2018, p 25 lines 22–30.

(d) In a statement recorded on 8 March 2015, also recorded by IO Ranjeet (the
“8 March long statement”), Sanjay mentioned that he had been told by Boy Lai
to collect knives. Further, he was told that “there may also be contraband
‘Udang Garam’ cigarettes”. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

AB, pp 450–451.

This was the version he maintained thereafter.

(e) In the statements recorded on 10 March 2015 and 17 June 2015 by IO
Ranjeet, Sanjay described the events surrounding the transaction. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

AB, pp 459–466.

The latter was unsigned.

30 I digress to emphasise that there were no objections to the admissibility
of the two unsigned statements. As encapsulated within Explanation 2(e) of s
258(3) of the CPC, a breach of the signature requirement alone (being a
procedural requirement within ss 22 or 23 of the CPC) would not render a
statement inadmissible: Muhammad bin Kadar and another v Public Prosecutor
[2011] 3 SLR 1205 at [44]–[45]. The weight to be accorded to the cautioned
statement is a matter I discuss at [84] below.

31 In his closing submissions, Sanjay’s counsel, Mr Peter Fernando (“Mr
Fernando”) argued that the Prosecution had not proved that he was in knowing
possession of the drugs. Even if the Prosecution could rely on the presumption
of possession under s 18(1) of the MDA, Sanjay had rebutted the presumption of
possession on a balance of probabilities. Further, if the presumption of
knowledge of the nature of the drugs under s 18(2) of the MDA applied to
Sanjay, he had also rebutted it. The charge had not been established against
him. Another challenge raised by Mr Fernando was in relation to the chain of
custody of the drug exhibits after they were seized by SI Tay. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Sanjay’s Closing Submissions (“SCS”) and Reply Submissions (“SRS”).

32 In the analysis below, I shall expand on the evidence adduced by each of
the parties. For now, I briefly set out the applicable law.

The law

33 Section 5 of the MDA provides:

Trafficking in controlled drugs

5.—(1) Except as authorised by this Act, it shall be an offence for a person,
on his own behalf or on behalf of any other person, whether or not that other
person is in Singapore –

(a) to traffic in a controlled drug;

…

(2) For the purpose of this Act, a person commits the offence of trafficking
in a controlled drug if he has in his possession that drug for the purpose of
trafficking.

34 Under s 2 of the MDA, “traffic” is defined to include “sell”, “send”,
“transport” and “deliver”.

35 Dzulkarnain was charged with trafficking by delivering the cannabis under s
5(1) of the MDA. The elements of such an offence are: (a) trafficking in a
controlled drug; and (b) knowledge of the nature of the drugs which may be
proved or presumed pursuant to s 18(2) of the MDA.

36 Sanjay was charged with having the cannabis in his possession for the
purpose of trafficking under s 5(1)(a) read with s 5(2) of the MDA. The
elements for such an offence are: (a) possession of a controlled drug, which
may be proved or presumed pursuant to s 18(1) of the MDA; (b) knowledge of the
nature of the drug, which may be proved or presumed pursuant to s 18(2) of the
MDA; and (c) proof that possession of the drug was for the purpose of
trafficking which was not authorised (Muhammad Ridzuan bin Md Ali v Public
Prosecutor and other matters [2014] 3 SLR 721 at [59]).

37 In this connection, s 18 of the MDA provides:

Presumption of possession and knowledge of controlled drugs

18.—(1) Any person who is proved to have had in his possession or custody or
under his control –

(a) anything containing a controlled drug;

…

shall, until the contrary is proved, be presumed to have had that drug in his
possession.

(2) Any person who is proved or presumed to have had a controlled drug in his
possession shall, until the contrary is proved, be presumed to have known the
nature of that drug.

…

(4) Where one of 2 or more persons with the knowledge and consent of the rest
has any controlled drug in his possession, it shall be deemed to be in the
possession of each and all of them.

38 As set out above at [18], the Prosecution asserted that the accused persons
had been proved to have had the drugs in their possession, and that the
Prosecution was only relying on the presumption of knowledge within s 18(2) of
the MDA. To rebut the s 18(2) presumption, each of the accused persons had to
“lead evidence to prove, on a balance of probabilities, that he did not have
knowledge of the nature of the drug”: Obeng Comfort v Public Prosecutor [2017]
1 SLR 633 (“Obeng Comfort”) at [37]. As the Court of Appeal explained in Obeng
Comfort at [39]–[40]:

39 In a case where the accused is seeking to rebut the presumption of
knowledge under s 18(2) of the MDA, as a matter of common sense and practical
application, he should be able to say what he thought or believed he was
carrying, particularly when the goods have to be carried across international
borders as they could be prohibited goods or goods which are subject to tax.
It would not suffice for the accused to claim simply that he did not know what
he was carrying save that he did not know or think it was drugs. … Similarly,
he would not be able to rebut the presumption as to knowledge by merely
claiming that he did not know the proper name of the drug that he was asked to
carry. …

40 Where the accused has stated what he thought he was carrying (‘the
purported item’), the court will assess the veracity of his assertion against
the objective facts and examine his actions relating to the purported item.
This assessment will naturally be a highly fact-specific inquiry. For example,
the court will generally consider the nature, the value and the quantity of
the purported item and any reward for transporting such an item. … Ultimately,
what the court is concerned with is the credibility and veracity of the
accused’s account (ie, whether his assertion that he did not know the nature
of the drugs is true). This depends not only on the credibility of the accused
as a witness but also on how believable his account relating to the purported
item is.

[emphasis added]

Findings in relation to Dzulkarnain

39 I now set out my findings in respect of Dzulkarnain. To reiterate, Mr
Thuraisingam’s main plank was that the Prosecution did not prove that the
brown box Dzulkarnain had delivered was the “SKP” box containing the cannabis:
see [23] above. Indeed, Mr Thuraisingam argued that the short gap in time
during which the brown box was unmonitored by any CNB officer constituted a
“break” sufficient to raise reasonable doubt as to the identity of the drug
exhibits. Relying on Mohamed Affandi bin Rosli v Public Prosecutor and another
appeal [2019] 1 SLR 440 (“Mohamed Affandi”) at [39], it was argued that, if a
gap in the chain of evidence occurring during police custody cannot sustain a
conviction, an acquittal must result a fortiori where the break occurs before
the exhibit enters police custody.

40 As for the Prosecution, it argued that from the contents of the statements,
Dzulkarnain knew that the delivery concerned drugs. As highlighted above at
[18], the Prosecution submitted that Dzulkarnain delivered the “SKP” box by
depositing it at the drop-off point. Reliance on Mohamed Affandi was misplaced
in that the “chain of custody” begins at the point in time when officers seize
and take the evidence into custody. Based on the evidence, the “SKP” box was
the brown box delivered by Dzulkarnain; it was farfetched to contend
otherwise. Dzulkarnain had therefore trafficked in the drugs therein. As this
would entail naturally that Dzulkarnain was in possession of the cannabis at
the point of delivery, the Prosecution relied on s 18(2) of the MDA to presume
Dzulkarnain’s knowledge of the nature of the drugs. Dzulkarnain elected not to
give any evidence, and the presumption had not been rebutted.

Weight to be accorded to contents of the statements

41 I begin my analysis by considering the contents of Dzulkarnain’s
statements.

42 I acknowledge that in Dzulkarnain’s s 33B MDA statement (which was the
earliest statement to be recorded from him), Dzulkarnain claimed that he
thought the box he delivered contained cigarettes: see [19] above. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Exh 1D-1.

Then, in his contemporaneous statement, he said that he did not know what was
in the box. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

AB, pp 337–339 and 341.

However, as further set out in [20] above, from his cautioned statement
onwards, Dzulkarnain disclosed that he was paid to collect a brown box of
drugs from Tuas and was instructed to deliver the same brown box of drugs to
Sanjay at Lorong 37.

43 At trial, Mr Thuraisingam suggested that Dzulkarnain, rather than having
knowledge that the brown box contained drugs, thought that he was delivering
cigarettes. However, IO Ranjeet disagreed that the multiple references in the
cautioned statement and the long statements to “drug” and/or “drugs” were not
made by Dzulkarnain. In contrast, Dzulkarnain elected not to give evidence. As
such, I did not have any explanation from Dzulkarnain how there could have
been so many inaccurate references to “drug” and/or “drugs” in his statements.

44 Having considered the contents of all the statements, as well as IO
Ranjeet’s evidence, I did not accept the position mentioned only in the s 33B
MDA statement and taken by Mr Thuraisingam during the cross-examination of IO
Ranjeet that Dzulkarnain thought he was delivering cigarettes. Dzulkarnain
chose not to give evidence on this. Further, this point was abandoned in the
closing submissions. As admitted by Dzulkarnain in the cautioned statement and
the long statements, I found that Dzulkarnain knew that he was collecting a
brown box of drugs from Tuas which he then delivered by leaving it at the
drop-off point for collection by Sanjay.

45 At this juncture, I digress to observe that Mr Fernando raised some
concerns regarding Dzulkarnain’s statements. Specifically, he pointed out that
there were inconsistencies with respect to: (a) his knowledge of the contents
of the brown box; (b) the precise location in Tuas where he collected the
drugs; (c) the availability of the van for use in the drug drop-off; (d) his
knowledge of another Indian male at the meeting with Sanjay at UOB; (e) the
mode and transfer of money to himself from Sanjay; and (f) the precise manner
of the drug pick-up. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

SCS at [43]–[70].

In relation to the case against Sanjay, these inconsistencies may be given
short shrift because the Prosecution accepted that it need not and in fact did
not rely on Dzulkarnain’s statements for this purpose. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

PCS at [4].

As against Dzulkarnain, I have already given my reasons for accepting that
Dzulkarnain knew that the delivery concerned drugs.

Whether Dzulkarnain delivered the “SKP” box

46 The key dispute, of course, centred on whether the brown box delivered by
Dzulkarnain was the “SKP” box collected by Sanjay. Admittedly, the Prosecution
accepted that nobody from the CNB watched the brown box for a few minutes
after it was left behind by Dzulkarnain. In Mohamed Affandi at [39], the Court
of Appeal stated:

… It is well established that the Prosecution bears the burden of proving
beyond a reasonable doubt that the drug exhibits analysed by the HSA are the
very ones that were initially seized by the CNB officers from the accused. …
This requires the Prosecution to account for the movement of the exhibits from
the point of seizure to the point of analysis. In the context of the
Prosecution establishing the chain of custody, the Defence may also seek to
suggest that there is a break in the chain of custody. This refers not
necessarily to challenging the Prosecution’s overall account but to showing
that at one or more stages, there is a reasonable doubt as to whether the
chain of custody may have been broken. …

[emphasis added]

47 As submitted by the Prosecution, I agreed that the applicable principles as
to the integrity of the chain of custody were not applicable. Here, the “SKP”
box had not yet been taken into custody by the CNB officers. Nonetheless, the
heavy onus remained for the Prosecution to prove beyond a reasonable doubt
that the brown box was the “SKP” box. This was a crucial matter. While it was
significant that there had been a gap of time during which the brown box was
not monitored by CNB officers, in my view, this was not sufficient to raise a
reasonable doubt as against the Prosecution’s case. For the reasons that I
elaborate below, the entirety of evidence proved that the brown box left at
the dustbin was the “SKP” box.

48 For a start, Dzulkarnain’s description of the appearance, weight and
contents of the brown box fitted the same aspects of the “SKP” box. To
elaborate, Dzulkarnain did not dispute the portions of his long statement of
10 March 2015 where he estimated that the box weighed 5kg, and that it was a
brown box sealed with tape. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

P127 at [28] and [31].

When the “SKP” box was recovered by the CNB officers, it was sealed with
masking tape. Also, as weighed by IO Ranjeet, the gross weight of the drug
exhibits amounted to 4,993.68g ie, about 5kg without taking into account the
weight of the “SKP” box. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

AB, p 397 at [26].

Moreover, as I outlined at [44] above, I accepted that Dzulkarnain knew that
the brown box he delivered contained drugs; this matched the contents of the
“SKP” box.

49 Next, the location for the delivery and collection was one and the same ie,
at the green dustbin outside 14 Lorong 37. Indeed, this was the pre-arranged
location. Dzulkarnain did not dispute that he had been instructed by Sanjay
and that Sanjay was supposed to pick up the brown box there. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

PCS at [56].

It was not disputed that Dzulkarnain “placed the brown coloured box behind the
green dustbin”, 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

P127 at [31].

while Sanjay testified that he picked up the “SKP” box from behind the green
dustbin. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

NEs, 18 January 2019, p 23 lines 1–27.

Dzulkarnain had told Sanjay where the box was over the phone. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

NEs, 17 January 2019, p 61 line 5 to p 62 line 7.

50 At this juncture, I set out in detail the evidence of the CNB officers as
follows:

(a) Originally, Dzulkarnain’s van was tailed by Senior Staff Sergeant Eng
Chien Loon Eugene (“SSSgt Eng”) and Sergeant Muhammad Hidayat bin Jasni (“Sgt
Hidayat”) in their car along Sims Avenue to Lorong 37. They then lost sight of
him. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

AB, pp 267, 281.

(b) Thereafter, three CNB officers, Inspector Muhammad Faizal bin Baharin
(“Insp Faizal”), Staff Sergeant Ace Ignatius Siao Chen Wee and Staff Sergeant
Azman bin Mohd Saleh, tailed Dzulkarnain into Lorong 37 in their car. They
testified that Dzulkarnain was carrying a “brown box” near 14 and 16 Lorong
37. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

NEs, 22 June 2017, p 91 lines 4–6; NEs, 28 June 2017, p 50 lines 24–28; NEs,
22 June 2017, p 123 lines 16–20.

Insp Faizal observed Dzulkarnain putting the brown box “near a green rubbish
bin with the number ‘14’ in white” and subsequently returning empty-handed to
his van. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

AB, p 346.

Insp Faizal stated that thereafter, when his car started following
Dzulkarnain’s van, he stopped watching the brown box. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

NEs, 22 June 2017, p 90, lines 14–20.

Insp Faizal stated that the “SKP” box as shown in a photograph exhibit
corresponded to the brown box carried by Dzulkarnain. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

NEs, 22 June 2017 p 87 lines 1–23; P35.

However, the three officers conceded that they could not positively identify
the brown box that they saw Dzulkarnain carrying as being the “SKP” box that
was adduced at trial. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

NEs, 22 June 2017, p 87 lines 3–4; p 127 lines 13–19; 28 June 2017, p 60 lines
12–20.

(c) Nonetheless, Insp Faizal testified that he saw the brown box from the
driver’s seat as he drove past the green rubbish bin. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

NEs, 22 June 2017, p 102 lines 11–27.

Insp Faizal was also able to confirm that before Dzulkarnain left the brown
box there, there was no brown box at the dustbin. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

NEs, 22 June 2017, p 99 line 31 to p 100 line 1.

When Insp Faizal drove past the dustbin, he only saw one brown box at the
dustbin. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

NEs, 22 June 2017, p 101 line 3 to p 103 line 18; p 107 line 14 to p 108 line
4.

In re-examination, Insp Faizal was asked why he was so sure that there was
only one brown box at the dustbin during the period of observation and when he
drove past the dustbin, and he stated: 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

NEs, 22 June 2017, p 110 lines 20–26.

A. The only box that I saw was the box that the subject placed at the dust
bin. As I drove out from number 11, I’m able to see the surrounding of the
dust bin. So I’m very sure that’s the only box – only brown box that is around
the dustbin.

(d) Subsequently, SSSgt Eng and Sgt Hidayat saw Sanjay’s car turn into Lorong
37 and they followed him in. This was around 4.30pm. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

AB, pp 267 and 281.

Riding on a motorcycle, Station Inspector Kua Boon San (“SI Kua”) also
followed Sanjay’s car into Lorong 37. Again, this was at around 4.30pm. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

AB, p 302.

SSSgt Eng estimated that this was about five minutes from the time he lost
sight of Dzulkarnain’s van near Lorong 37 (see [(a)] above). 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

NEs, 15 February 2019, p 4 lines 2–7.

(e) After depositing the brown box, Dzulkarnain was seen driving along Sims
Avenue near Lorong 35 Geylang – the lane immediately after Lorong 37 – at
4.33pm by Staff Sergeant Goh Jun Xian (“SSgt Goh”). 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

AB, p 306.

(f) Thereafter, SSSgt Eng, Sgt Hidayat and SI Kua observed Sanjay retrieving a
brown box from the dustbin. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

AB, pp 267, 281 and 303.

Sanjay was arrested at 4.35pm along Geylang Road. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

AB, p 267.

51 Having considered the evidence of the CNB officers, especially the
observations at [50(d)] to [50(f)] above, I found that the time gap between
the delivery by Dzulkarnain and the collection by Sanjay was not more than
five minutes. It was undisputed that there was an arrangement between the
parties for a delivery and collection of a brown box at the dustbin at 14
Lorong 37. Pursuant to that arrangement, there was coincidence of time, place
(ie, behind the green dustbin at 14 Lorong 37) and subject matter (ie, a
sealed brown box) in the delivery and collection. In these circumstances, it
was rather farfetched to suggest that Sanjay picked up a wrong box at the
green dustbin.

52 Furthermore, I accepted Insp Faizal’s evidence that there was no other
brown box at the drop-off point before Dzulkarnain dropped off the brown box,
and that there was only that same brown box dropped off by Dzulkarnain as he
drove past the drop-off point. Crucially, I reiterate what I said at [49]
above that Sanjay said that he got out of the car and picked up the box from
behind the green dustbin (after he was specifically told by Dzulkarnain where
the box was). In this regard, I also refer to [81(k)] below where I set out
Sanjay’s evidence on this aspect in some detail. To my mind, the possibility
that Sanjay missed the brown box dropped off by Dzulkarnain and collected the
“SKP” box by mistake was remote.

53 I turn to deal with Dzulkarnain’s submission that the brown box he dropped
off might have been switched with a different box ie, the “SKP” box. This
submission began with the argument that in relation to the green dustbin, the
“SKP” box was in a different position from the brown box that Dzulkarnain left
behind. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

DCS at [22]–[29].

In this connection, Insp Faizal testified that when he observed Dzulkarnain at
Lorong 37, he saw that the dustbin was placed “a bit further away from the
kerb”, and “not as close as in [the scene photographs P7, P8 and P9 taken
after the arrests] 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Scene photographs P7–P9 show the green dustbin positioned up against the kerb
at Lorong 37, with its entire body confined within the double yellow lines.
The green dustbin is a “sembcorp” dustbin with a lid and wheels. The number
“14” is labelled in white on both sides of the dustbin.

”. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

NEs, 22 June 2017, p 105 lines 6–9.

On the other hand, SSSgt Eng testified that when he tailed Sanjay to Lorong
37, the dustbin was “on the double yellow line and just beside the kerb”. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

NEs, 15 February 2019, p 15 lines 1–11.

Sgt Hidayat confirmed that the green dustbin was “in front of the kerb”. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

NEs, 15 February 2019, p 39 lines 15–20.

In other words, as observed by the different CNB officers, the green dustbin
was “a bit further away from the kerb” when Dzulkarnain placed the brown box
and “just beside the kerb” when Sanjay picked up the box. I also note that
Sanjay testified that that he could not see any box from his car after
stopping beside the green dustbin, 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

NEs, 17 January 2019, p 61 lines 4–10.

in contrast to Insp Faizal who was able to see a brown box as he drove past.

54 Based on the apparent contradictions in evidence, Mr Thuraisingam suggested
that: (a) the green dustbin had moved during the intervening period between
the drop-off and the pick-up; and (b) the brown box near the green dustbin
might have been taken by a third party without being detected by the CNB. This
was claimed to be likely given that the green dustbin was located next to
residential property and was accessible by the general public. Further, given
the way drug syndicates operate, it would not be surprising if there were
other members of the syndicate (or even other syndicates) in operation at
Lorong 37 that day. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

DCS at [22]–[32].

55 I was not persuaded at all that this happened. First, Insp Faizal’s
testimony was reconcilable with the accounts of SSSgt Eng and Sgt Hidayat.
Insp Faizal did not clarify what “a bit further” from the kerb meant
precisely. At the end of the day, it seemed to me that the CNB officers’
evidence was consistent that the green dustbin was near the kerb. Second,
assuming that there was an inconsistency in the evidence as to the position of
the green dustbin, I was not satisfied that the difference was material and
sufficient to overcome the evidence establishing the coincidence of time,
place and subject matter. Third, while I did not reject Sanjay’s account that
he could not see the “SKP” box when he stopped beside the green dustbin, this
certainly did not undermine Insp Faizal’s evidence of what he observed. Insp
Faizal was in the middle of a surveillance operation. As he drove past the
green dustbin, he certainly would have been alert to the location of the brown
box as left behind by Dzulkarnain vis-à-vis the green dustbin. In contrast,
Sanjay did not have the benefit of seeing Dzulkarnain’s actions in the
vicinity of the green dustbin. He also knew that, in any event, he had to get
down the car to collect the brown box.

56 To accept that there was a possibility that the “SKP” box was not the brown
box dropped off by Dzulkarnain would entail contemplating not only that the
brown box dropped off by Dzulkarnain was removed from the scene by a third
party (as postulated by Mr Thuraisingam at [53]), but further that the “SKP”
box containing drugs was then placed at the location by the same or another
third party at around the same time. To my mind, this added another layer of
implausibility to Dzulkarnain’s tenuous position.

57 Furthermore, as testified by DSP Qamarul, the street value of 1kg of
cannabis at that time was between $1,800 to $2,800. Thus, the “SKP” box
contained 5kg of cannabis with an estimated street value of $9,000 to $14,000.
As I discuss above at [44], I accepted that Dzulkarnain knew that he was to
deliver a box of drugs to Sanjay. If there had been an accidental switch of
the two boxes by one or more third parties (as the area was accessible to the
general members of the public), it was incredible that the “SKP” box would
have involved drugs (and of such a large quantity with such a high value). If
there had been an intentional switch of the two boxes by one or more third
parties (which Mr Thuraisingam seemingly attributed to members of drug
syndicates), there was certainly no suggestion by Dzulkarnain (or even Sanjay)
that anyone would wish to implicate them in so serious a matter in such a
surreptitious manner.

58 At this juncture, I note that Mr Thuraisingam pointed out that despite the
fact that the brown box’s surface and contents had been swabbed, the HSA could
not trace Dzulkarnain’s DNA. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

AB, pp 184–186.

On this matter, I agreed with Dr Chuah Siew Yeam, from the HSA, who testified
that it was possible for Dzulkarnain to have carried the brown box without
leaving traces of his DNA. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

NEs, 28 June 2017, p 43 lines 3–10.

In my view, the absence of Dzulkarnain’s DNA on the brown box was, at best, a
neutral factor.

59 Based on the analysis above, to my mind, it was inconceivable that
Dzulkarnain delivered a sealed brown box of drugs weighing about 5kg to the
pre-arranged drop-off point at the pre-arranged time for Sanjay’s collection,
but that Sanjay collected a wrong sealed brown box weighing 5kg which
contained not simply drugs, but a large quantity of drugs of a high street
value. In this regard, I shall deal with Sanjay’s claim that he was meant to
collect illegal knives and cigarettes in due course. Significantly, when
called to give evidence, Dzulkarnain elected to remain silent. Thus, there was
absolutely no evidence from Dzulkarnain even asserting a different version of
events from the one that the Prosecution advanced. Dzulkarnain was best-placed
to shed light on the matter, but he chose not to do so. As such, I did not
think that a reasonable doubt had been cast on the Prosecution’s position that
Sanjay picked up the “SKP” box left by Dzulkarnain. Any such doubt raised by
Dzulkarnain was fanciful; it did not suffice to constitute a real or
reasonable doubt: Jagatheesan s/o Krishnasamy v Public Prosecutor [2006] 4
SLR(R) 45 at [58]. I should add that in accordance with s 291(3) of the CPC,
arising from Dzulkarnain’s refusal to give evidence, I considered it proper to
draw an adverse inference against him that he well knew that the “SKP” box was
the one he delivered. Nothing put forth before me (including Dr Winslow’s
evidence) suggested that “his physical or mental condition” made it
“undesirable for him to be called on to give evidence” such that s 291(3)
should not have applied by operation of s 291(6) of the CPC.

60 For all the foregoing reasons, I was of the view that the Prosecution had
proved beyond a reasonable doubt that the brown box left behind by Dzulkarnain
was the “SKP” box that Sanjay picked up. Therefore, Dzulkarnain had trafficked
by delivering the “SKP” box of drugs to Sanjay.

Whether Dzulkarnain knew the nature of the drugs

61 As Dzulkarnain was proved to be in possession of the box of drugs, by s
18(2) of the MDA, Dzulkarnain was presumed to have known of the nature of that
drug. Again, I refer to [44] above where I rejected any suggestion that
Dzulkarnain thought he was delivering cigarettes. I found that on a balance of
probabilities, Dzulkarnaian had not rebutted the presumption that he had known
of the nature of the drugs.

Conclusion

62 Accordingly, I found that the Prosecution had proven beyond a reasonable
doubt the charge against Dzulkarnain, and I convicted him of the charge.

Findings in relation to Sanjay

63 I turn now to my findings in respect of Sanjay. Under s 5(1)(a) read with s
5(2) of the MDA, the Prosecution had to prove that: (a) Sanjay was in
possession of the drugs; (b) Sanjay knew the nature of the drugs; and (c)
Sanjay was in possession of the drugs for the purpose of trafficking ie, by
delivering the drugs to another party. Prior to dealing with these elements, I
turn to the challenge raised by Mr Fernando in relation to the chain of
custody of the drug exhibits after they were seized by SI Tay to the time IO
Ranjeet handed the exhibits over to the HSA for analysis. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

SCS at [146]–[153].

Chain of custody of the drug exhibits

64 As set out at [46] above, to establish the identity of drug exhibits, the
Prosecution is required to account for the movement of the drug exhibits from
the point of seizure to the point of analysis: Mohamed Affandi at [39]. I
shall set out the relevant sequence of events and highlight the stages where
Mr Fernando challenged the chain of custody.

65 After Sanjay’s arrest, Sergeant Dadly bin Osman (“Sgt Dadly”) drove his car
to a multi-storey carpark at Block 56A Cassia Crescent. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

AB, pp 263–264.

At the multi-storey carpark, and in Sanjay’s presence, SI Tay conducted a
search of the car, and seized the “SKP” box from the floor of the front
passenger seat. SI Tay tore away the masking tape which served to seal the
“SKP” box, and removed the five bundles from the “SKP” box. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

AB, p 290.

Then, he handed each bundle to Sgt Hidayat, who packed and sealed them into
individual polymer bags. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

AB, pp 270 and 293; NEs, 16 July 2019, p 5 lines 10–27.

During the search process, SSSgt Wong recorded the markings and description of
the seized items into the operation field book. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

AB, p 278.

Then, Sgt Hidayat placed the seized drug exhibits into a green duffel bag (the
“duffel bag”). Sgt Hidayat then handed the duffel bag to SI Jason Tay. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

NEs, 16 July 2019, p 67 line 26 to p 69 line 9.

This process ended at about 6.09pm. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

AB, p 270 and 293.

66 Thereafter, SI Tay placed the duffel bag on the front passenger seat of a
CNB operational vehicle while he recorded statements from Dzulkarnain while
they were seated at the back of the car. The recording process ended at about
8.30pm. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

NEs, 16 July 2019, p 21 lines 5–21.

At around 8.38pm, SI Tay handed the duffel bag to SSSgt Eng so that he could
use the restroom. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

NEs, 16 July 2019, p 22 lines 1–8; p 57 lines 13–19.

While SI Tay was away, in Sanjay’s presence, SSSgt Eng removed cash amounting
to $26,000 to hand over to another CNB officer from the Financial
Investigation Team for investigative purposes; the drug exhibits remained in
the duffel bag. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

NEs, 16 July 2019, p 41 line 15 to p 42 line 8.

At about 9pm, SI Jason Tay returned, and SSSgt Eng handed back the custody of
the duffel bag to SI Jason Tay. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

AB, p 286.

67 Before they headed off to Sanjay’s unit at 9H Yuan Ching Road to conduct a
search, SI Tay placed the duffel bag into the boot of the CNB operational
vehicle. It was the only duffel bag there. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

NEs, 16 July 2019, p 23 line 26 to p 26 line 17.

SSSgt Wong drove the car with Sgt Dadly in the front passenger seat, while SI
Tay and Sanjay sat at the rear of the car. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

NEs, 16 July 2019, p 102 lines 11–18.

Upon reaching the carpark at Yuan Chin Road at about 9.30pm, SI Tay asked
SSSgt Wong to open the boot of the car. He retrieved the duffel bag and
proceeded to Sanjay’s unit to conduct the search with the other officers.
Throughout the search, SI Tay continued to hold onto the duffel bag. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

NEs, 16 July 2019, p 26 line 18 to p 27 line 12.

68 After the search concluded at 9.45pm, SI Tay, SSSgt Wong, Sgt Dadly and
Sanjay returned to the CNB operational vehicle, where SI Tay once again placed
the duffel bag in the boot of the car after SSSgt Wong opened the boot. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

NEs, 16 July 2019, p 27 line 13 to line 18.

Thereafter, they drove to Tuas Checkpoint for checks to be carried out on
Sanjay’s car. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

AB, pp 295–296.

There, they remained in the CNB operational vehicle. The drug exhibits
remained in the boot. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

NEs, 16 July 2019, p 10 lines 12–25.

69 Then, SSSgt Wong drove the CNB operational vehicle to Alexandra Hospital,
arriving there at about 10.50pm. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

AB, p 296.

At about 11.10pm, a relief team of CNB officers comprising SSSgt Eng, SSgt
Goh, Sgt Hidayat and SSgt Au Yong Hong Mian arrived in another CNB vehicle.
Both CNB vehicles were parked side by side at the open-air car park outside
the emergency department of Alexandra Hospital. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

AB, p 296; NEs, 16 July 2019, p 29 lines 1–19.

After custody of Sanjay was handed over from SI Tay’s team to SSSgt Eng’s
team, there was a handover of the seized exhibits as well. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

AB, p 296.

70 While the evidence of the CNB officers was clear and consistent up to this
point, there appeared to be some uncertainties as regards the handover of the
seized exhibits between the two teams. In the conditioned statements of SSSgt
Eng and SI Tay, they stated that it was SI Tay who handed the seized exhibits
to SSSgt Eng. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

AB, p 286 at [29] and AB, p 296 at [44].

However, Sgt Dadly stated in his conditioned statement that he handed the
seized exhibits to SSSgt Eng. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

AB, p 265 at [40].

71 When the CNB officers were recalled on 16 July 2019 on Mr Fernando’s
application to clarify the matter, SI Tay explained that the reason why he
said that he handed the drug exhibits to SSSgt Eng was because he had
instructed Sgt Dadly to retrieve the drug exhibits and hand them to SSSgt Eng.
106

##### Foot Note 106

×

NEs, 16 July 2019, p 29 line 31 to p 31 line 26.

SSSgt Eng gave similar evidence. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

NEs, 16 July 2019, p 45 lines 23–28; p 54 lines 27 to p 55 line 3.

Elaborating, SI Tay explained that being the team leader, he had handed over
the responsibility for the drug exhibits to SSSgt Eng. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

NEs, 16 July 2019, p 31 lines 23–26.

The particular mode by which this was effected was through instructing Sgt
Dadly to retrieve the duffel bag containing the exhibits and Sgt Dadly handing
it over to SSSgt Eng. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

NEs, 16 July 2019, p 30 lines 1–27.

SI Tay was present when Sgt Dadly completed this task, and the trio were close
together. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

NEs, 16 July 2019, p 104 lines 25–32.

Sgt Dadly testified that he retrieved the duffel bag from the car boot and
handed the same over to SSSgt Eng upon SI Tay’s instructions. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

AB, p 265 at [40]; NEs, 16 July 2019, p 95 lines 30–31 and p 96 lines 1–13.

72 Mr Fernando contended that the CNB officers should have stated these facts
in their conditioned statements clearly from the outset and that they had
“padded” their evidence. Having reviewed the evidence, I found the
explanations of SI Tay, SSSgt Eng and Sgt Dadly to be credible. In my
judgment, the chain of custody of the drug exhibits had been clearly
established up to this point.

73 Mr Fernando also argued that thereafter, SSSgt Eng did not clearly account
for the custody of the drug exhibits until he handed them over for photograph
taking. In his conditioned statement, SSSgt Eng did not explicitly state where
the drug exhibits were from 1.45am to 3.24am. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

AB, pp 286–287 at [31]–[33].

However, SSSgt Eng testified that after he received the duffel bag, he alone
had possession of the duffel bag while escorting Sanjay for the medical check-
up from about 1.45am till the next day when the team proceeded back to the CNB
headquarters. As he drove from Alexandra Hospital to the CNB Headquarters,
SSSgt Eng had the duffel bag on his lap. After his arrival at the CNB
Headquarters, he continued holding onto the duffel bag until he handed it to
IO Ranjeet at 3.24am for the photo-taking of the exhibits. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

NEs, 16 July 2019, pp 47–50; p 49 lines 10–14.

Once again, I found the further details given by SSSgt Eng to be satisfactory.

74 Thereafter, IO Ranjeet conducted the photo-taking, swabbing and weighing of
the drug exhibits in the presence of Sanjay and Dzulkarnain. After the
weighing concluded, IO Ranjeet placed the drug exhibits in a locked safe in
his office and then transferred them to the CNB store thereafter. On 2 March
2015, IO Ranjeet submitted the drug exhibits to the HSA for analysis. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

AB, pp 390–398 at [20]–[28] and p 402 at [52].

75 While I agreed that the relevant CNB officers could have set out the
sequence of events in their conditioned statements in more detail, based on
their clarifications in court which I accepted, I was satisfied that there was
no gap in the chain of custody of the drug exhibits.

Whether Sanjay was in possession of the drugs

76 Turning to the element of possession, Mr Fernando argued that as stated in
Adili Chibuike Ejike v Public Prosecutor [2019] 2 SLR 254 (“Adili”), the
Prosecution had to, in order to prove the ingredient of knowing possession,
either: (a) prove beyond reasonable doubt knowledge of the thing that is
subsequently determined to be a controlled drug; or (b) invoke the presumption
under s 18(1) of the MDA. In this regard, Mr Fernando contended that the
Prosecution had not clearly set out its position against Sanjay. To prove the
element of possession, the Prosecution had to adduce evidence sufficient to
prove beyond reasonable doubt that Sanjay knew of the five wrapped-up packages
inside the sealed brown box. This, it was argued, the Prosecution had failed
to do. Even if the Prosecution could rely on the presumption of possession
under s 18(1) of the MDA, Sanjay had rebutted the presumption of possession on
a balance of probabilities. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

SCS at [37].

77 In response, the Prosecution argued that to prove knowing possession, it
was not required to show that Sanjay knew that there were “5 wrapped-up
packages” inside the “SKP” box. Rather, it simply needed to show that Sanjay
knew of the existence of the thing within the brown box. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

PCS at [84].

The Prosecution did not rely on the presumption within s 18(1) of the MDA.

78 I agreed with the Prosecution in respect of what it was required to prove.
In Adili at [31], the Court of Appeal held as follows:

… [P]ossession, for the purposes of the MDA, has been interpreted to mean not
just physical possession or custody but also to incorporate an element of
knowledge (Sim Teck Ho v PP [2000] 2 SLR(R) 959 (‘Sim Teck Ho’) at [11]). This
raises a question as to the sort of knowledge that would have to be shown in
order to sustain a finding that the accused person was in fact in possession
of the drugs. In our judgment, all that is required in this context of
establishing the fact of possession is that the accused person must know of
the existence, within his possession, control or custody, of the thing which
is later found to be a controlled drug; it is not necessary that the accused
person also knows that the thing was in fact a controlled drug, much less its
specific nature. …

[emphasis in original omitted; emphasis added in italics]

79 I agreed that based on Adili at [31], it sufficed for the Prosecution to
establish that Sanjay knew that the “SKP” box contained “the thing” for
delivery purposes. In other words, the Prosecution had to show that Sanjay
knowingly took possession of the “SKP” box’s contents; the Prosecution was not
required to show that he knew that the contents comprised five wrapped-up
bundles. I observe, in this regard, that the outcome ultimately arrived at in
Adili should be understood in the light of the appellant’s contention that he
did not even know that the drug bundles were hidden in the suitcase (which was
a defence which went towards the question of whether he was in knowing
possession of the drug bundles), and the Prosecution’s concession that the
appellant did not in fact have actual knowledge of the drug bundles within the
suitcase: see Adili at [31] and [82].

80 In Sanjay’s oral testimony and statements adduced at trial, Sanjay gave an
account that the “SKP” box was collected on behalf of one Boy Lai and he
believed that it contained collectors’ hunting knives and possibly contraband
cigarettes. He did not know, as such, that the “SKP” box contained five
wrapped-up packages. None of the Prosecution witnesses gave evidence at trial
to the effect that Sanjay knew that the box contained five wrapped-up
packages. It was not disputed that the “SKP” box in question was, as observed
by the CNB officers, sealed with masking tape. Neither was it disputed that
the five wrapped-up packages did not contain Sanjay’s DNA. That said, at no
time did the Prosecution concede that Sanjay did not know of the drug bundles.
However, once again, I reiterate that the Prosecution only needed to prove
knowledge of the thing. I found that Sanjay’s knowledge that the “SKP” box
contained items meant that he knew “of the existence, within his possession …
of the thing which [was] later found to be a controlled drug”: Adili at [31].
Sanjay had certainty as to the thing’s existence or mere fact of the thing
being within the “SKP” box but not its essence or nature. As the Prosecution
argued, it was not Sanjay’s case that he thought that the “SKP” box was empty.
As such, I found that Sanjay was in possession of the drugs. To my mind, the
nature of Sanjay’s case essentially raised a defence concerning his knowledge
of the nature of the drugs; his defence was not about an unknowing possession
of the contents of the “SKP” box.

Whether Sanjay knew the nature of the drugs

81 With Sanjay’s possession of the drugs proven, the presumption of knowledge
of the nature of the drugs within s 18(2) of the MDA was triggered against
Sanjay. In this connection, Sanjay claimed that he only agreed to do a favour
for Boy Lai to collect hunting knives and possibly contraband cigarettes,
which he believed were contained in the “SKP” box. To this end, Sanjay
provided extensive testimony about: (a) his relationship with Boy Lai; (b) Boy
Lai’s involvement in the transaction; and (c) the events of 23 February 2015
as follows:

(a) In terms of their relationship, Sanjay met Boy Lai in 2014 at Orchard
Towers, which he frequented regularly to socialise and play pool. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

NEs, 17 January 2019, p 7 lines 11–32.

He saw Boy Lai around, and they would smile at each other and nod in
acknowledgement. However, Sanjay got to know Boy Lai personally only three
months before his arrest on 23 February 2015 when Boy Lai introduced himself
to Sanjay. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

NEs, 17 January 2019, p 8 lines 23–31.

On that occasion, Boy Lai intervened to help Sanjay settle an argument with
some other men. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

NEs, 17 January 2019, p 9 lines 1–20.

(b) After that, Sanjay saw Boy Lai a few more times at Orchard Towers. On one
such occasion, Sanjay agreed to give Boy Lai, who was accompanied by three
Russian women, a lift to Lavender. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

NEs, 17 January 2019, p 9 line 25 to p 10 line 10.

After the women alighted, Sanjay drove back to Orchard Towers with Boy Lai. He
believed that Boy Lai was a pimp who operated from Orchard Towers. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

NEs, 17 January 2019, p 9 line 25 to p 10 line 20.

(c) On yet another occasion, Boy Lai approached Sanjay to send the women to
Lavender, but Sanjay rejected the request as he was clubbing, although he
allowed Boy Lai to use his car. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

NEs, 17 January 2019, p 10 lines 21–31.

After returning Sanjay’s keys, Boy Lai told Sanjay that he saw Sanjay’s “ice-
smoking instruments” and knives in the car. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

NEs, 17 January 2019, p 11 lines 9–16.

Boy Lai said that he too was an “ice-smoker” and that he had an “passion for
collecting and trading knives”. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

NEs, 17 January 2019, p 11 lines 9–16.

By “ice”, Sanjay was referring to methamphetamine. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

NEs, 17 January 2019, p 11 lines 17–29.

Sanjay had been collecting and trading in knives since 2012. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

NEs, 17 January 2019, p 12 lines 19–20.

(d) On 20 February 2015, Boy Lai met Sanjay in the carpark of Orchard Towers
and asked to borrow his car for three days from 20 February 2015 to 22
February 2015. Sanjay agreed to rent the car to Boy Lai for $80 per day. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

NEs, 17 January 2019, p 18 lines 1–7.

Previously Sanjay had rented out the car to a few people. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

NEs, 17 January 2019, p 6 line 6.

Subsequently, Sanjay met Boy Lai on 22 February 2015, when Boy Lai returned
the car keys. 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

NEs, 17 January 2019, p 18 lines 15–18.

Later that night at around 11.30pm, Sanjay (who was on his way to Newton) met
Boy Lai, who asked Sanjay if he could tag along. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

NEs, 17 January 2019, p 20 line 22 to p 22 line 2.

Sanjay was going to Newton Hawker Centre to meet one “Bala” to collect money
owed from a previous drinking session. 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

NEs, 17 January 2019, p 22 lines 11–15.

Seeing Bala at the taxi pick-up point at Newton Hawker Centre, Sanjay stopped
the car and Bala proceeded to sit in the back seat. Boy Lai was seated in the
front seat. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

NEs, 17 January 2019, p 24 lines 1–6.

After parking, Bala gave Sanjay money. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

NEs, 17 January 2019, p 24 lines 7–15.

Bala and Boy Lai seemed to know each other. 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

NEs, 17 January 2019, p 24 lines 16–24.

(e) After Bala left the car, Boy Lai asked Sanjay whether he would be free
“around 2 pm” the following day ie, 23 February 2015. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

NEs, 17 January 2019, p 24 lines 28–30.

Later, Sanjay clarified that Boy Lai asked if he would be free from “around
1pm to 2pm”. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

NEs, 17 January 2019, p 26 line 23.

Boy Lai told him that he needed a favour to collect “some collectors’ hunting
knives and possibly some contraband cigarettes that he had ordered from one
“Malaysian Boy””. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

NEs, 17 January 2019, p 25 lines 1–4.

Sanjay asked why Boy Lai could not simply collect them on his own. Boy Lai
answered that he might have an appointment at the relevant time and did not
wish to miss the appointment to collect the items. 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

NEs, 17 January 2019, p 25 lines 6–9; p 26 line 31 to p 27 line 1.

He was willing to pay Sanjay $300 if Sanjay collected the items and dropped
them off to him at Lorong 10. 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

NEs, 17 January 2019, p 25 lines 9–10; p 27 lines 1–3.

Sanjay then asked Boy Lai where he had to collect the items, and Boy Lai told
him that they could go immediately to meet the person he was to collect the
items from. 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

NEs, 17 January 2019, p 25 lines 12–17; p 27 lines 4–7.

Boy Lai then made a call and directed Sanjay to go to People’s Park Complex in
Chinatown. This was about 11.30pm to midnight. 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

NEs, 17 January 2019, p 27 lines 24–32.

Since he was free the next day, Sanjay told Boy Lai that he was available to
do him the favour. 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

NEs, 17 January 2019, p 27 lines 21–23.

(f) At a taxi stand near People’s Park Complex, Boy Lai identified, from a
distance, one Malay man at the UOB ATM machine named “Nai”. 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

NEs, 17 January 2019, p 28 lines 1–6.

In court, Sanjay identified “Nai” as being Dzulkarnain. 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

NEs, 17 January 2019, p 28 lines 21–24.

The pair walked towards Dzulkarnain, and Boy Lai told Sanjay to speak to
Dzulkarnain. 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

NEs, 17 January 2019, p 28 lines 7–8.

On the way, Boy Lai also told Sanjay to tell Dzulkarnain that Dzulkarnain
would be paid $250. 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

NEs, 17 January 2019, p 28 lines 14–17.

During this time, Boy Lai’s handphone rang and it appeared that he took the
call. 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

NEs, 17 January 2019, p 29 lines 5–8.

Sanjay told Dzulkarnain that he was supposed to collect the items the
following day; Dzulkarnain told him that he was aware of this. After informing
Dzulkarnain that he would be paid $250, Dzulkarnain told Sanjay to tell Boy
Lai that he preferred for the money to be transferred to him instead. Sanjay
agreed and ended the conversation as he felt that Dzulkarnain had bad breath.
148

##### Foot Note 148

×

NEs, 17 January 2019, p 28 lines 26–32.

Throughout this exchange, Boy Lai was behind Sanjay. 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

NEs, 17 January 2019, p 29 lines 1–4.

After the conversation, Sanjay and Boy Lai returned to the car, where Sanjay
informed that Dzulkarnain had asked for a money transfer instead. 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

NEs, 17 January 2019, p 29 lines 20–28.

Boy Lai agreed. 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

NEs, 17 January 2019, p 29 lines 20–28.

Boy Lai then told Sanjay to drop him off at Orchard Towers. 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

NEs, 17 January 2019, p 29 lines 20–28.

Sanjay himself proceeded to a club called “the Living Room” at the Marriot
Hotel. 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

NEs, 17 January 2019, p 29 line 29 to p 30 line 7.

(g) In the early hours of 23 February 2015, Sanjay was leaving another club,
the “Naughty Girls Club” at Orchard Towers, when he saw Boy Lai at the ATM
machine. 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

NEs, 17 January 2019, p 30 line 26 to p 31 line 3.

Boy Lai was carrying a “Massimo Dutti” paper bag (ie, Exh P44). 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

NEs, 17 January 2019, p 32 lines 15–22; Photograph P42.

The pair walked to Sanjay’s car behind Orchard Towers. 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

NEs, 17 January 2019, p 31 lines 11–14.

Boy Lai told Sanjay that he found a black-coloured “Givenchy” box in Sanjay’s
car and asked if it was his, before extracting the box from the “Massimo
Dutti” paper bag. 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

NEs, 17 January 2019, p 33 lines 20–30.

The “Givenchy” box contained an assortment of drugs packed in small plastic
bags. 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

NEs, 17 January 2019, p 35 lines 1–13.

Sanjay assumed the “Givenchy” box belonged to someone else who had previously
rented the car from him. 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

NEs, 17 January 2019, p 32 lines 12–14

While seated in the backseat, Boy Lai asked Sanjay for his ice-smoking
instrument. 160

##### Foot Note 160

×

NEs, 17 January 2019, p 35 lines 1–13.

Sanjay then gave Boy Lai his blue coloured pouch containing the instrument.
161

##### Foot Note 161

×

NEs, 17 January 2019, p 35 lines 1–13.

(h) Subsequently, the pair fell asleep in the car and woke up around 10am. 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

NEs, 17 January 2019, p 37 lines 8–27.

Sanjay drove to Peninsula Plaza to alter two shirts and Boy Lai said he would
tag along. 163

##### Foot Note 163

×

NEs, 17 January 2019, p 38 line 22 to p 39 line 14.

Then, Boy Lai proceeded to Lavender, while Sanjay went to Takashimaya Shopping
Centre. Boy Lai asked Sanjay to pick him up from Lavender at about 2pm. Sanjay
agreed. 164

##### Foot Note 164

×

NEs, 17 January 2019, p 41 lines 12–24.

After he picked Boy Lai up at around 2pm, Boy Lai told Sanjay to drive to
Lorong 10. There, Boy Lai pointed out Hotel La Mode to Sanjay. Then, Boy Lai
told Sanjay to drive around the Geylang area as he wanted to look at street
prostitutes. 165

##### Foot Note 165

×

NEs, 17 January 2019 p 43 line 30 to p 44 line 32.

As instructed, Sanjay drove around the area, before Boy Lai asked him to drive
to Lorong 19 Geylang (“Lorong 19”). 166

##### Foot Note 166

×

NEs, 17 January 2019, p 45 lines 1–7.

Boy Lai was talking on the phone for some time. After finishing the
conversation, he instructed Sanjay to drive to Lorong 37. 167

##### Foot Note 167

×

NEs, 17 January 2019, p 45 lines 14–24.

Before reaching Lorong 37, Boy Lai asked him to drop him off at the main road
(ie, Geylang Road) and Sanjay stopped the car at the end of Lorong 19. Before
Boy Lai alighted, he told Sanjay that he would leave some phones behind for
Sanjay to use and asked him to go and collect the knives from Lorong 37. 168

##### Foot Note 168

×

NEs, 17 January 2019, p 45 line 22 to p 46 line 9.

The handphones which Boy Lai left behind were SK-HP1, SK-HP2 and SK-HP3. Boy
Lai left them behind for him to contact Sanjay. 169

##### Foot Note 169

×

NEs, 17 January 2019, p 46 lines 20–32.

They had not exchanged contact numbers before, and they did not have each
other’s contact numbers. There was no reason for them to exchange contact
numbers. 170

##### Foot Note 170

×

NEs, 17 January 2019, p 47 lines 5–14.

(i) As Sanjay was not able to find any parking lots at Lorong 37, he drove to
the adjacent Lorong 39 Geylang (“Lorong 39”) and parked the car there. 171

##### Foot Note 171

×

NEs, 17 January 2019, p 50 lines 7–12.

After parking, Sanjay noticed a paper bag hanging behind the front passenger
seat. 172

##### Foot Note 172

×

NEs, 17 January 2019, p 50 lines 25–31.

This was the “Massimo Dutti” bag which contained items as shown in the
photograph marked as Exh P45. Looking inside, he saw a denim box with ice, an
ashtray, the black notebook, and his blue-coloured pouch (which contained his
smoking instrument). 173

##### Foot Note 173

×

NEs, 17 January 2019, p 51 lines 4–30.

With regard to the “ice” in the denim box, Sanjay claimed that it was not his.
174

##### Foot Note 174

×

NEs, 17 January 2019, p 51 lines 29–32.

As regards the black notebook, Sanjay said he had not seen it before and the
entries were not made by him. 175

##### Foot Note 175

×

NEs, 17 January 2019, p 54 lines 11–32.

He placed it back on the hook behind the front passenger seat’s headrest. 176

##### Foot Note 176

×

NEs, 17 January 2019, p 55 lines 3–10.

(j) While the car’s engine continued to run, the handphone marked SK-HP3
started to ring. 177

##### Foot Note 177

×

NEs, 17 January 2019, p 55 lines 19–31.

Sanjay heard a Malay man’s voice and assumed it was Dzulkarnain. 178

##### Foot Note 178

×

NEs, 17 January 2019, p 56 lines 4–8.

The caller informed that he had arrived at Lorong 37 and asked where he wanted
to put the knives. 179

##### Foot Note 179

×

NEs, 17 January 2019, p 56 lines 4–23.

Sanjay told the caller that he could not get a parking lot at Lorong 37. 180

##### Foot Note 180

×

NEs, 17 January 2019, p 57 lines 9–13.

He said that the caller responded in frustration as he was rushing for time
but nevertheless agreed to come to Lorong 39. 181

##### Foot Note 181

×

NEs, 17 January 2019, p 57 lines 16–25.

Sanjay also got angry and told the caller to simply leave the knives at the
alley. 182

##### Foot Note 182

×

NEs, 17 January 2019, p 58 lines 7–14.

The caller responded that there was someone in the alley. 183

##### Foot Note 183

×

NEs, 17 January 2019, p 58 lines 7–14.

Sanjay tried to reassure the caller saying, “It’s ok, it’s just knife. Can
just leave it there.” The caller said “no”. 184

##### Foot Note 184

×

NEs, 17 January 2019, p 58 lines 7–14.

(k) The caller then asked if he had any “ice” to smoke, which caused Sanjay to
think that the caller mistook him for Boy Lai. 185

##### Foot Note 185

×

NEs, 17 January 2019, p 58 lines 15–31.

Sanjay clarified that he was Sanjay and not Boy Lai, that he did not have
“ice” to smoke, and that the caller could leave the knives “outside” the
dustbin of the last apartment on the right of Lorong 37. 186

##### Foot Note 186

×

NEs, 17 January 2019, p 59 lines 1–7.

Sanjay knew of the dustbin’s location because he had tried to park there. 187

##### Foot Note 187

×

NEs, 17 January 2019, p 59 lines 16–21.

At the material time, the green dustbin was not in the same position as shown
in the photographs marked as Exh P6, P7 and P8, and it was not against the
kerb. 188

##### Foot Note 188

×

NEs, 17 January 2019, p 59 line 29 to p 60 line 9.

Sanjay stopped the car beside the dustbin outside the last apartment on the
right of Lorong 37. 189

##### Foot Note 189

×

NEs, 17 January 2019, p 60 lines 16 to p 61 line 10.

At first, he did not see anything, and thus he redialled the most recent
number on the handphone marked SK-HP3. 190

##### Foot Note 190

×

NEs, 17 January 2019, p 61 lines 7–10.

The caller answered and told him that he had left the box of knives behind the
dustbin. 191

##### Foot Note 191

×

NEs, 17 January 2019, p 61 lines 21–28.

Sanjay’s evidence was that this was the first time he realised the knives were
in a box. 192

##### Foot Note 192

×

NEs, 17 January 2019, p 62 lines 1–2.

He then opened the driver’s door, got out of the car, picked up the box and
placed it on the front passenger seat through the driver’s side. 193

##### Foot Note 193

×

NEs, 17 January 2019, p 62 line 3 to p 63 line 17.

(l) As Sanjay was driving off, he missed a call from Dzulkarnain to SK-HP3.
When he returned the call, Dzulkarnain asked him whether he had collected the
box of knives. He confirmed that he had. Sanjay was on his way to Lorong 10
when he was arrested. 194

##### Foot Note 194

×

NEs, 17 January 2019, p 66 lines 2–21.

82 Having considered the evidence, and the surrounding facts and
circumstances, I rejected Sanjay’s account that he had only agreed to collect
hunting knives and possibly contraband cigarettes from Dzulkarnain for
delivery to Boy Lai. These are my reasons.

Differing accounts of the contents of the “SKP” box

83 Central to Sanjay’s defence was his knowledge and belief as to the contents
of the “SKP” box. However, on this crucial aspect, Sanjay’s position had
evolved over time. Upon his arrest, Sanjay responded to SI Tay’s query as to
the contents of the “SKP” box by shrugging his shoulders. In the
contemporaneous statement recorded on the same day by SI Tay, Sanjay replied
that he did not know its contents. In his cautioned statement, Sanjay shifted
his position, stating that it contained “illegal cigarettes”; there was no
mention of the knives. It was only in the 8 March long statement that Sanjay
claimed that the “SKP” box contained knives and possibly contraband
cigarettes: see [29] above. He maintained this position thereafter.

84 In this regard, I accepted the evidence of the recording officers, SI Tay
and IO Ranjeet, that the oral statement, the contemporaneous statement and the
cautioned statement were correctly recorded. I did not see any reason for
these officers not to accurately record what Sanjay said to them. In relation
to the oral statement, apart from SI Tay, SSSgt Wong witnessed Sanjay’s non-
verbal response. SI Tay was not asked about the accuracy of the
contemporaneous statement, and the challenge arose only in the course of
Sanjay’s cross-examination. As for the cautioned statement, it was
inexplicable to suggest that IO Ranjeet would be willing to record Sanjay’s
belief that it was a box of “illegal cigarettes” but refuse to include a
reference to knives. While the cautioned statement was unsigned, I accepted
that the contents reflect what Sanjay stated. The allegations casting
aspersions on the accuracy of these statements, in my view, were untenable.

85 Given that this was a core aspect of Sanjay’s defence, such differences
were material. Further, it was troubling that the chronology was such that
Sanjay mentioned the cigarettes before any mention of the knives. I say this
because Sanjay’s defence was that while cigarettes might possibly be involved,
the knives were the main items for his collection. Thus, it was baffling that
he did not mention the knives first. It seemed to me that given that the “SKP”
box measured approximately 43cm by 20cm by 9cm, 195

##### Foot Note 195

×

NEs, 29 March 2018, p 41 lines 2–25.

it could not have contained a quantity of illegal cigarettes sufficient to
warrant the rather unusual arrangements which Sanjay claimed had been made at
the time (see especially [81 ] and [89] below). It also seemed to me that with
knives being seized from Sanjay’s car upon his arrest, this was a line of
defence for which Sanjay could muster more supporting evidence (which I
discuss below at [110]) compared to a claim that he was to collect cigarettes
for delivery.

Delay in mentioning Boy Lai’s role in the transaction

86 Another significant aspect of Sanjay’s defence was the role of Boy Lai.
However, Sanjay failed to mention Boy Lai’s involvement in the transaction
until the 8 March long statement.

87 During the recording of Sanjay’s contemporaneous statement, SI Tay asked
Sanjay who the “SKP” box belonged to and why it was in the car. To both
questions, Sanjay said he did not know. He did not mention that Boy Lai
instructed him to carry out the delivery of the “SKP” box. 196

##### Foot Note 196

×

AB, p 298 at Q2–A2 and Q3–A3.

This did not stem from any wish to protect Boy Lai. A few questions later,
Sanjay was prepared to disclose that Boy Lai left the “Massimo Dutti” paper
bag (which contained “ice”) in his car. 197

##### Foot Note 197

×

AB, p 299 at Q7–A7 and Q8–A8.

88 Nothing was mentioned about Boy Lai in Sanjay’s cautioned statement as
well. Once again, I rejected Sanjay’s allegation that IO Ranjeet did not
permit him to add in the reference to Boy Lai. 198

##### Foot Note 198

×

NEs, 17 January 2019, p 82 line 29 to p 83 line 27.

Furthermore, there were four long statements prior to the 8 March long
statement ie, those recorded on 1, 5, 6 and 7 March 2015. In these, Sanjay
also remained quiet about Boy Lai’s involvement in the transaction (although
he provided details of his relationship with Boy Lai). Admittedly, these long
statements were recorded in chronological order. However, in the long
statements recorded on 6 and 7 March 2015, Sanjay spoke of his interactions
with Boy Lai (including events from 12am to 4am on 23 February 2015). 199

##### Foot Note 199

×

AB, pp 442–446.

Yet, he did not mention Boy Lai’s role in the transaction itself. Like the
differing accounts of the contents of the “SKP” box, the delay in mentioning
Boy Lai’s role was troubling.

Unsatisfactory aspects of defence of collection of knives and possibly
cigarettes

89 Moving on, I found various unsatisfactory aspects of Sanjay’s evidence with
regard to the arrangements made with Boy Lai and the events of 23 February
2015 as follows:

(a) To begin with, I thought it extremely odd that Sanjay did not obtain
Dzulkarnain’s contact number when they met at UOB (even though they knew they
were to carry out a delivery and pick up later that same day).

(b) Then, according to Sanjay, Boy Lai needed him to help to collect the
knives at 1pm to 2pm because Boy Lai might have something to do at the time
and did not want to miss the appointment to collect the items. However, after
picking up Boy Lai at about 2pm, they drove around for two hours until “4
plus” when Boy Lai was dropped off at the end of Lorong 19. 200

##### Foot Note 200

×

NEs, 30 January 2019, p 71 lines 18–26.

This was shortly before the actual collection from Dzulkarnain. Thus, not only
was there a departure from the original plan, but Boy Lai also appeared to
have been available to collect the items himself until “4 plus”. Indeed, Boy
Lai was in the vicinity of Lorong 37. Yet, he chose to await Sanjay’s delivery
at Hotel La Mode at Lorong 10 (which was also in the vicinity).

(c) For Sanjay’s help, Boy Lai was prepared to pay Sanjay $300. In my view,
for such a service within the vicinity of Geylang ie, from Lorong 37 to Lorong
10, $300 was a substantial amount (even if it was purportedly for a box of
illegal knives and possibly cigarettes which carried some risk for the
courier). It remained a substantial amount even though unexpectedly, Sanjay
spent two hours aimlessly driving Boy Lai around. I note that the sum of $300
was meant to be paid in addition to the sum of $250 which Sanjay claimed had
to be paid to Dzulkarnain by or through Boy Lai for the other leg of the
delivery.

(d) As described, Boy Lai spent close to two hours in the car with Sanjay.
Despite that, Boy Lai did not tell Sanjay that the illegal knives and possibly
cigarettes would be in a box. He only found this out from Dzulkarnain before
he left the car to pick up the box: see [81(k)] above. It was odd that Boy Lai
did not tell Sanjay any further details to facilitate the pick-up from
Dzulkarnain; nor did Sanjay ask for the same.

(e) Furthermore, it was inexplicable that Sanjay and Boy Lai did not exchange
contact numbers. Contrary to Sanjay’s explanation that they had no reason to
do so (see [81(h)]), it seemed to me that to facilitate the delivery, they
would have done so. Further, during the two hours in the car, Boy Lai did not
make any arrangements for Dzulkarnain to be able to contact Sanjay. Instead,
just before Boy Lai left the car, Boy Lai left not one, but three handphones
for Sanjay to use. If, as Sanjay explained, Boy Lai was concerned that he
should be able to contact Sanjay, he could simply have left just one handphone
behind.

(f) Sanjay’s failure to obtain Boy Lai’s contact number, or indeed any other
particulars from Boy Lai, was also in stark contrast to his approach when
renting his car to other persons, when he would record “their names, their
addresses, [and] their phone numbers”. 201

##### Foot Note 201

×

NEs, 18 January 2019, p 61 lines 5–14.

Meanwhile, though Sanjay claimed to have rented the car to Boy Lai from 20 to
22 February 2015 for $80 a day, 202

##### Foot Note 202

×

NEs, 17 January 2019, p 18 lines 1–19

he did not request for Boy Lai’s identity card number, handphone number or
driving licence. 203

##### Foot Note 203

×

NEs, 30 January 2019, p 42 line 28 to p 43 line 17.

90 As contended by the Prosecution, Sanjay’s narrative made no sense. It was
riddled with illogical aspects. Coupled with the delay in mentioning Boy Lai’s
role, I had grave concerns about the nature of the arrangements made with Boy
Lai. Sanjay’s evidence concerning the transaction did not ring of the truth.

Circumstances surrounding the transaction and relationship with Boy Lai

91 Even if I were to accept Sanjay’s version that Boy Lai instructed him to
collect illegal knives and possibly cigarettes, based on Sanjay’s narrative
set out at [81] above and my discussion at [89] above, it seemed to me that
the circumstances surrounding Sanjay’s arrangements with Boy Lai were
suspicious. The fact that there had to be a separate leg performed by
Dzulkarnain added to the surreptitious nature of the transaction. I did not
think these unusual arrangements could be explained away by the fact that the
goods were supposedly illegal knives and possibly cigarettes. In this
connection, Sanjay had no basis to trust Boy Lai. According to Sanjay, they
were formally introduced about three months before his arrest: see [81(a)]
above. In his statements, he described Boy Lai as a “hi-bye” friend. 204

##### Foot Note 204

×

NEs, 30 January 2019, p 18 lines 8–9.

In court, he described Boy Lai as a mere acquaintance. 205

##### Foot Note 205

×

NEs, 30 January 2019, p 18 lines 5–11.

Given that Sanjay was not completely unfamiliar with drugs and that he knew
that Boy Lai consumed “ice” (see [81(c)] and [81(g)] above), it was hard to
believe that Sanjay trusted Boy Lai that the delivery was of illegal knives
and possibly cigarettes as he claimed 206

##### Foot Note 206

×

NEs, 30 January 2019, p 17 lines 13–25.

.

Lies and evasive nature of Sanjay’s evidence

92 I now discuss how Sanjay had clearly lied or been evasive in three matters.

(1) Denial that SK-HP1, SK-HP2 and SK-HP3 belonged to Sanjay

93 To reiterate, after Sanjay’s arrest, five handphones were recovered. The
handphone marked as SK-HP1 was found on his person. It was not disputed that
SK-HP2 was found on a windscreen handphone holder, while SK-HP3 was on the
dashboard of the car. In other words, these two handphones were placed to be
easily accessible while he was driving. Meanwhile, SK-HP4 and SK-HP5 were on
the front passenger seat.

94 I pause to observe that the numbers linked to these handphones and SIM
cards, as well as the handphone seized from Dzulkarnain ie DBK-HP1, were set
out in Exh H1. As stated earlier at [15], the communications among SK-HP1, SK-
HP2, SK-HP3 and DBK-HP1 from 20 to 23 February 2015 are set out in Annex F.
Annex F also included communications between DBK-HP1 and SK-HP1 with a common
contact number ie, 81967339, saved as “Boss Bro” in the former and “Bala” in
the latter.

95 In respect of SK-HP1, according to IO Ranjeet, during the photograph taking
of the exhibits on 23 February 2015, Sanjay admitted that SK-HP1 belonged to
him, but he denied ownership of SK-HP4 and SK-HP5. He changed his position
subsequently. 207

##### Foot Note 207

×

NEs, 3 April 2018, p 39 line 12 to p 40 line 22.

In his 1 March long statement, he said that only SK-HP4 and SK-HP5 belonged to
him, but he had “no idea to whom the remaining handphones ‘SK-HP1’, ‘SK-HP2’
and ‘SK-HP3’ belong to.” 208

##### Foot Note 208

×

AB, p 431 at [8].

96 In giving evidence, Sanjay claimed that SK-HP1, SK-HP2 and SK-HP3 belonged
to Boy Lai who left them in the car for his use. In cross-examination, he said
that Boy Lai left them behind on the centre console when he alighted from the
car so that Boy Lai could give him instructions. Therefore, he had moved them
to accessible locations because he did not know which handphone Boy Lai would
call him on. 209

##### Foot Note 209

×

NEs, 30 January 2019, p 73 lines 21–31; p 74 lines 1–6.

Further, Sanjay explained that SK-HP1 was recovered from his person because,
when he stopped the car at the traffic light junction just before the arrest,
he had taken SK-HP1 out from the door pocket of the car to twirl. 210

##### Foot Note 210

×

NEs, 30 January 2019, p 115 lines 12–24.

97 As I said earlier at [89(e)], it made little sense for Boy Lai to leave
behind three handphones for him to contact Sanjay. He could well have decided
which handphone to leave with Sanjay. With regard to SK-HP1, the explanation
on why it was on Sanjay’s person was also unbelievable. Not only was the
handphone SK-HP1 found on Sanjay, I accepted IO Ranjeet’s evidence that Sanjay
had admitted that it was his handphone during the photo-taking session. It was
evident that SK-HP1 belonged to Sanjay.

98 As for SK-HP2 and SK-HP3, it was not disputed that in DBK-HP1, their
numbers were saved as “Bro Sanjay” and “Sanjay 2” respectively. If these
handphones had belonged to Boy Lai, there was no reason for Dzulkarnain to
attribute them to a “Sanjay”. Further, Sanjay’s girlfriend’s contact number ie
85859086, was saved under her name “Shankiri” in SK-HP3. Given Shankiri’s
evidence that she did not know Boy Lai, 211

##### Foot Note 211

×

NEs, 14 February 2019, p 93 lines 20–25; p 98 lines 1–6.

there was no reason for Boy Lai to have her number or to call her on 11
February 2015 at 10.43am. I found that SK-HP2 and SK-HP3 belonged to Sanjay.

99 If these three handphones had truly belonged to Boy Lai, Sanjay should have
been able to inform IO Ranjeet of this fact during the recording of 1 March
long statement. Instead, he prevaricated. The version of the narrative
suggesting that these handphones belonged to Boy Lai was clearly concocted by
Sanjay. In this connection, it seemed to me that Sanjay had every reason to
disassociate himself from SK-HP1, SK-HP2 and SK-HP3. I elaborate as follows:

(a) From 20 to 22 February 2015, there were multiple communications between
DBK-HP1 and “Boss Bro”, as well as multiple communications between SK-HP1 and
“Bala”. By denying that SK-HP1 belonged to him, Sanjay distanced himself from
any possible suggestion of his participation in a plan hatched with an unknown
third party. That said, I should make it clear that as against Sanjay, I did
not rely on what Dzulkarnain stated in his statement regarding the role of
“Bala Luk Kor” (whose number was saved as “Boss Bro”) in the transaction. As
Dzulkarnain did not give evidence, no light was shed on the role of the user
of this contact number which was saved under “Boss Bro”. My point is simply
that there was every reason for Sanjay to avoid any link with the same third
party Dzulkarnain was in contact with by denying that SK-HP1 belonged to him.

(b) On 23 February 2015, from 12am onwards ie, just before the time of the
meeting at UOB, there were multiple calls and messages between DBK-HP1 with
SK-HP2 and SK-HP3 ie, 24 instances of communications listed within Annex F.
Therefore, it appeared that arrangements were being tied down on that day
itself. By claiming that the handphones belonged to Boy Lai, Sanjay sought to
minimise his role in the transaction on the day in question.

100 I should add that prior to 23 February 2015, there were no communications
between DBK-HP1 and SK-HP1, SK-HP2 or SK-HP3. Specifically, it was only at
12am on 23 February 2015 that “Bro Sanjay” ie, SK-HP2, called Dzulkarnain on
DBK-HP1. This was followed by a call from Dzulkarnain on DBK-HP1 to “Bro
Sanjay” on SK-HP2 at 12.15am. Almost immediately, at 12.16am, a message was
sent from Dzulkarnain on DBK-HP1 to “Bro Sanjay” on SK-HP2, stating “Bro, I’m
here already”. At 12.17am, “Bro Sanjay” replied “Ok. C u in a bit.” 212

##### Foot Note 212

×

Annex F at items 84–87.

If these three handphones had belonged to Boy Lai, who already knew that
Dzulkarnain was available to meet them that night and had then purportedly
arranged for the meeting at UOB (see [81(e)] above), it was a little unusual
that there were no communications with Dzulkarnain using any of those three
handphones prior to 23 February 2015. Again, this pointed to Sanjay’s
association with these three handphones, as the communications began only just
before his arranged meeting at UOB with Dzulkarnain.

(2) Connection with the two notebooks

101 I turn to Sanjay’s denial that he owned the two notebooks recovered from
the car, and his claim that the black notebook (found in the Massimo Dutti
paper bag) belonged to Boy Lai (along with other items within the same bag
which he attributed to Boy Lai). As for the blue notebook found in the car, he
claimed that it must have been left behind by someone else who rented his car
previously. 213

##### Foot Note 213

×

NEs, 18 January 2019, p 11 lines 18–22.

Sanjay also denied making the entries within them.

102 To begin with, I reiterate that there was no challenge to the evidence of
DSP Qamarul that both notebooks contained handwritten entries relating to drug
transactions and prices. 214

##### Foot Note 214

×

NEs, 28 June 2017, p 80 lines 9–15.

If Sanjay were to be believed, an unknown person who rented the car left
behind the blue notebook with handwritten contents of drug activities similar
to the handwritten entries in the black notebook subsequently left behind by
Boy Lai. This would be highly coincidental, and to my mind, quite
unbelievable.

103 Further, the notebooks also included entries such as “Bala”, 215

##### Foot Note 215

×

NEs, 28 June 2017, p 100 line 27; p 104 line 28; p 105 line 21.

“Orchard Towers”, 216

##### Foot Note 216

×

NEs, 28 June 2017, p 93 line 1; p 103 line 22; p 105 line 27.

“Orchard Tower car park”, 217

##### Foot Note 217

×

NEs, 28 June 2017, p 95 line 28.

and “Geylang Lor 37”. 218

##### Foot Note 218

×

NEs, 31 January 2019, p 61 lines 25–32; p 62 lines 1–8.

As stated above at [99(a)], Sanjay had a contact saved in SK-HP1 as “Bala”. It
was not disputed that “Orchard Towers” and “Orchard Tower car park” were
places frequented by Sanjay, whereas “Geylang Lor 37” was the location of the
drop-off point for the transaction in question. Such entries indicated that
both the notebooks were connected to Sanjay.

104 Under cross-examination, Sanjay was directed to a handwritten entry in the
black notebook dated 30 January 2015 at 3pm, purportedly made by his brother
Mr Arvyn Krishnan (“Arvyn”), confirming payment of $700 to privately settle
all claims in relation to a motor vehicle accident. 219

##### Foot Note 219

×

NEs, 30 January 2019, p 127 line 16–32.

When initially questioned on the entry, Sanjay claimed that his brother wrote
it. However, Arvyn did not inform Sanjay about the accident. 220

##### Foot Note 220

×

NEs, 30 January 2019, p 128 line 21 to p 129 line 25.

Based on ICA records, Arvyn was not in Singapore at the material time; he had
left Singapore on 22 January 2015. 221

##### Foot Note 221

×

P268, which shows that Arvyn departed Singapore on 22 January 2015 at 9.40pm
via Tuas.

Confronted with this, Sanjay agreed that Arvyn could not have written the
entry. Further, Sanjay admitted that the alleged signature of Arvyn was very
similar to his own. 222

##### Foot Note 222

×

NEs, 30 January 2019, p 139 line 24 to p 140 line 2.

To my mind, the weight of the evidence supported a finding that the entry was
made by Sanjay. I should add that at the material time, Sanjay did not have a
valid driving licence. 223

##### Foot Note 223

×

NEs, 30 January 2019, p 141 lines 4–11.

It was therefore in his interest to settle any claims privately.

105 Turning to the blue notebook, I noted that there were several entries of
the sign of a gang ie, “369”. Initially, Sanjay was evasive about having any
knowledge about the sign. 224

##### Foot Note 224

×

NEs, 30 January 2019, p 55 lines 1–15.

However, in cross-examination, he admitted that he had been part of the gang
since he was about 15 or 16 years old. 225

##### Foot Note 225

×

NEs, 30 January 2019, p 59 lines 1–10.

In fact, he had a 3cm tattoo of “369” on him. 226

##### Foot Note 226

×

NEs, 30 January 2019, p 58 line 17 to p 59 line 10.

Again, this undermined his claim that the blue notebook had nothing to do with
him.

106 At this juncture, I note that to ascertain whether the handwriting within
the notebooks was Sanjay’s, the Prosecution had applied for Sanjay to tender
his handwriting sample for an analysis to be carried out by a handwriting
expert. After hearing parties, I ordered Sanjay to write three passages
comprising a combination of words, number of symbols on paper pursuant to s
75(2) of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed) (“Evidence Act”). However,
Sanjay refused to provide a sample. Based only on a copy of a letter written
by Sanjay, Ms Nellie Cheng, Senior Forensic Scientist of the HSA, submitted an
expert report wherein she stated that given the limitations, she was unable to
determine the authorship of the numerals or letters within the notebooks; the
results were inconclusive. 227

##### Foot Note 227

×

NEs, 15 January 2019, p 58 line 27 to p 61 line 16.

While the Prosecution submitted that I should draw an adverse inference
against Sanjay under illustration (g) of s 116 of the Evidence Act that the
handwriting sample would not have been favourable to Sanjay, I state briefly
that I did not consider it appropriate or necessary to do so. Based on the
available evidence, it seemed to me clear that both notebooks were connected
to Sanjay (and that he was involved in making entries in them).

(3) Involvement in the transfers of money to Dzulkarnain

107 I turn to the last area. According to Sanjay, Dzulkarnain expected a
payment of $250 by transfer for his role, and Sanjay merely conveyed the
message to Boy Lai. Sanjay had nothing to do with any actual payment.

108 However, at 1.11am on 23 February 2015, shortly after Sanjay’s meeting
with Dzulkarnain at UOB where Dzulkarnain told Sanjay he wanted a transfer of
funds (see [ 81(f)] above), there was a message from DBK-HP1 to SK-HP2,
furnishing the POSB account number 038586203 that belonged to Nur. 228

##### Foot Note 228

×

Annex F at item 90.

As an aside, I would say that, again, this further linked SK-HP2 to Sanjay.
Then, later the same day, two sums of $250 each were transferred via ATM at
9.34am and 2.45pm respectively to Nur’s bank account from Peninsula Plaza and
Ngee Ann City. It was undisputed that Sanjay was present at these two
locations in the morning and the afternoon that very day (see [81(h)] above).
His presence at two locations at two relevant time periods could hardly have
been pure coincidence. In my view, Sanjay clearly had a role to play in the
deposits of the sums of money in Nur’s account (even if he might not have been
the one who actually effected the transfers).

109 Once again, I should add that I did not rely on the contents of
Dzulkarnain’s statement to the effect that Sanjay was to pay him, in two
tranches, $500 in total for his task. 229

##### Foot Note 229

×

P127 at [28] and [30].

I appreciated that there remained some uncertainty as to why there were two
deposits amounting to $500 in Nur’s account on that day, instead of one
deposit of $250. Nonetheless, relying on Sanjay’s evidence that Dzulkarnain
was to be paid $250, and the objective evidence just discussed, it seemed to
me that Sanjay was linked to the transfers of the sums of money at both
locations.

Sanjay as a knife collector

110 To support his defence, Sanjay relied on the fact that knives were seized
from his car upon his arrest. In a statement made during the investigations
into his possession of those knives, Sanjay stated that he was a knife
collector and that he had bought two of these knives from Boy Lai (a fellow
knife collector): see [28] above. However, I observed that the statement was
recorded from Sanjay after he had adopted the defence that he was tasked by
Boy Lai to collect and deliver illegal knives and possibly cigarettes (ie,
after 8 March 2015). Sanjay also relied on Billy Chu’s evidence that he had
bought knives from Sanjay on one occasion. 230

##### Foot Note 230

×

NEs, 14 February 2019, p 72 lines 12–28.

However, Billy Chu conceded that he had no personal knowledge about Sanjay’s
alleged status as a knife collector. 231

##### Foot Note 231

×

NEs, 14 February 2019, p 76 line 23 to p 78 line 2.

In any event, he had no knowledge of the specific transaction in question. In
my view, there was thin support for the defence that Sanjay and Boy Lai were
engaged in a transaction involving knives. Even if I were to accept that
Sanjay was a knife collector, this did not go very far to support Sanjay’s
account that he was to collect and deliver illegal knives and possibly
cigarettes. In this connection, I should reiterate that of the various
versions of the contents of the “SKP” box, it was telling that Sanjay
mentioned illegal knives last: see [85] above.

Conclusion

111 To round up, there were inherent problems with Sanjay’s account. It had
also evolved over time on material aspects. It did not seem to me that given
the suspicious nature of the transaction, Sanjay had any reason to believe Boy
Lai that he was being tasked to deliver only illegal knives and possibly
cigarettes. Sanjay’s lies and evasiveness also affected his credibility. As
such, I did not accept his defence. I found that Sanjay had not rebutted the
presumption under s 18(2) of the MDA.

Whether possession was for the purpose of trafficking

112 Turning to the last element of the offence, Mr Fernando stated that “the
uncontradicted evidence of Sanjay was that after he had collected the box, he
intended to drive to Geylang Lorong 10 to meet Boy Lai and hand him the box he
had collected”. 232

##### Foot Note 232

×

SCS at [157].

However, citing Ramesh a/l Perumal v Public Prosecutor and another appeal
[2019] 1 SLR 1003 (“Ramesh Perumal”) at [110] and [125], Mr Fernando contended
that Sanjay was acting with an intent to return the drugs to Boy Lai who had
originally arranged for Sanjay to collect the drugs. Therefore, Sanjay did not
fall within the scope of the offence of trafficking. 233

##### Foot Note 233

×

SRS at [59] to [60].

113 I was unable to agree with this contention. In Ramesh Perumal, the Court
of Appeal held that a person who holds a quantity of drugs with no intention
of parting with them other than to return to the person who originally
deposited those drugs with him does not come within the definition of
possession of those drugs for the purpose of trafficking. However, should a
person possess a quantity of drugs with a view to passing the drugs onwards to
a third party, the intended transfer is presumptively part of the process of
moving the drugs along a chain: see [110]. It was evident that Sanjay fell
within the latter scenario. According to Sanjay, Boy Lai had ordered certain
items from “Malaysian Boy”. Sanjay was meant to perform an onward delivery of
the items ordered by Boy Lai which he collected from Dzulkarnain to Boy Lai
(see [81(e)] above). In other words, Sanjay intended to deliver the drugs
along the chain to a third party. I found that Sanjay’s possession was for the
purpose of trafficking.

Conclusion

114 To summarise, I agreed with the Prosecution that it sufficed that Sanjay
knew that the box contained items for delivery ie, something for delivery.
When Sanjay took possession of the box, he knowingly took possession of its
contents for delivery purposes to a third party. It had therefore been proved
that Sanjay was in possession of the drugs. Given that Sanjay was proved to be
in possession of the box of drugs, by s 18(2) of the MDA, he was presumed to
have known of the nature of that drug. Sanjay’s defence amounted to a mere
denial of knowledge of the nature of that drug. However, I rejected Sanjay’s
claim that he believed the box contained illegal knives and possibly
cigarettes. Accordingly, I found that Sanjay had failed to rebut the
presumption of knowledge under s 18(2) of the MDA. It was also clear that the
possession was for the purpose of trafficking ie delivery to a third party. I
also found that the chain of custody of the cannabis was not broken. Given
that the elements of the charge against Sanjay had been made out, I found him
guilty and convicted him accordingly.

115 For completeness, I should add that even if I were to be wrong to conclude
that the Prosecution had proved knowing possession of the drugs, it seemed to
me that it could not be disputed that Sanjay was in possession of the “SKP”
box containing the drugs. Therefore, s 18(1) of the MDA would have applied to
presume Sanjay to be in possession of drugs. While the Prosecution did not
rely on this, in the alternative, Mr Fernando clearly submitted that should s
18(1) of the MDA be engaged, based on the very same defence that Sanjay
believed he was delivering illegal knives and possibly cigarettes, Sanjay had
rebutted the presumption of possession. 234

##### Foot Note 234

×

SCS at [37], [72] to [116].

Mr Fernando did not submit (nor do I think) there would or could be any
difference in Sanjay’s evidence (even if there were to be reliance on s 18(1)
of the MDA). For the same reasons that I have set out for rejecting Sanjay’s
defence, I would disagree with Sanjay’s position, and I would have found that
Sanjay had not rebutted the presumption of possession.

Sentencing

116 I proceed to sentencing. The prescribed punishment under s 33(1) read with
the Second Schedule of the MDA is death. There is an alternative sentencing
regime in 33B(1) of the MDA setting out the discretion of the court in certain
specified circumstances not to impose the death penalty.

117 Under s 33B(1)(a), the court has the discretion to impose a mandatory term
of imprisonment for life and 15 strokes of the cane provided two requirements
are met. First, an offender must show that his acts fall within s
33B(2)(a)(i)–(iv) of the MDA. This is commonly described as acts of a courier.
Second, the offender must also receive a certificate of substantive assistance
from the Public Prosecutor (“PP”) as set out in s 33B(2)(b) of the MDA. The
decision to give or withhold such a certificate is at the sole discretion of
the PP: s 33B(4) of the MDA. Both accused persons relied on this ground.

118 In addition, under s 33B(1)(b) of the MDA, the court has the discretion to
impose a mandatory term of imprisonment for life. There are also two
requirements to be met. First, an offender must show that his acts fall within
s 33B(3)(a)(i)–(iv) of the MDA ie, acts of a courier. Second, by 33B(3)(b) of
the MDA, the offender must be suffering from “such abnormality of mind as
substantially impaired his mental responsibility for his acts and omissions”.
This ground was relied on by Dzulkarnain.

Dzulkarnain’s sentence

119 In relation to Dzulkarnain, I found on a balance of probabilities that his
role in the drug transaction was to collect and deliver the drugs. The
Prosecution did not contest this, and the parties were agreed that he was a
mere courier within the meaning of s 33B(2)(a)(i) of the MDA. Also, the PP had
issued a certificate of substantive assistance under s 33B(2)(b) of the MDA.
The alternative sentencing regime under s 33B(1)(a) of the MDA was available.
Accordingly, I imposed the alternative mandatory sentence of life imprisonment
backdated to 25 February 2015. As Dzulkarnain was above 50 years of age, he
was not liable for caning.

120 In relation to Dzulkarnain’s reliance on s 33(1)(b) of the MDA, again,
there was no dispute that he was a courier. In relation to the second
requirement ie, whether his mental responsibility was substantially impaired
by any abnormality of mind, as stated above at [59], Dr Winslow diagnosed that
at the time of the offence, Dzulkarnain suffered from an adjustment disorder
with depressed mood and a stimulant use disorder.

121 On the other hand, the Prosecution’s expert witness, Dr Jerome Goh Hern
Yee (“Dr Goh”) from the Institute of Mental Health, opined that Dzulkarnain
had a history of substance abuse, and that he suffered from an adjustment
disorder at the time of the offence. 235

##### Foot Note 235

×

AB, pp 479–481 at [20].

Dr Goh disagreed that Dzulkarnain also suffered from a depressed mood. 236

##### Foot Note 236

×

NEs, 27 March 2018, p 38 lines 14–16.

In any event, in Dr Goh’s view, the psychiatric illnesses did not impair
Dzulkarnain’s “thinking processes”, and did not substantially impair his
responsibility for the offence. 237

##### Foot Note 237

×

NEs, 27 March 2018, p 39 line 19 to p 40 line 13.

122 In cross-examination, based on the consumption rate stated in
Dzulkarnain’s statements, Dr Winslow agreed with Dr Goh that Dzulkarnain’s
stimulant use disorder could only be classified as mild (and at most
moderate). 238

##### Foot Note 238

×

NEs, 16 January 2019, p 10 line 4 to p 13 line 24.

He also agreed that the adjustment disorder and stimulant use disorder did not
substantively impair Dzulkarnain’s mental responsibility in relation to the
offence. 239

##### Foot Note 239

×

NEs, 16 January 2019, p 16 line 25 to p 17 line 7.

123 In my view, there was no evidence showing on a balance of probabilities
that Dzulkarnain suffered from an abnormality of mind that substantially
impaired his mental responsibility for his acts. The alternative sentencing
regime under s 33B(1)(b) of the MDA was not available.

Sanjay’s sentence

124 In relation to Sanjay, I also found that he proved on a balance of
probabilities that his role was that of a courier so as to satisfy the
requirement under s 33B(2)(a)(i) of the MDA. Although the Prosecution argued
that Sanjay’s use of multiple handphones meant that he was actively
communicating

with others for the arrangement of the transaction, there were no clear
messages regarding the extent of his involvement in such arrangements. Indeed,
it was not disputed that Sanjay had to communicate with Dzulkarnain in order
to finalise details concerning the drop-off and pick-up (which fell within the
role as a courier). The Prosecution further relied on Sanjay’s payment of
money to Dzulkarnain as evidence of a heightened role in the transaction.
However, even if Sanjay had a role to play in the transfer of money to
Dzulkarnain which I found above, without more, that did not take Sanjay out of
the courier role. Regardless, the Prosecution did not issue a certificate of
substantive assistance. As the second requirement under s 33B(2)(b) of the MDA
was not met, the alternative sentencing regime under s 33B(1)(a) of the MDA
was not available, I therefore imposed the mandatory death sentence on him.

Hoo Sheau Peng  
Judge of the High Court

Mark Tay, Sia Jiazheng and Gabriel Lim (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the
Prosecution;  
Eugene Singarajah Thuraisingam, Suang Wijaya and Johannes Hadi (Eugene
Thuraisingam LLP) for the first accused.  
Peter Keith Fernando (Leo Fernando) and A. Revi Shanker s/o K. Annamalai
(ARShanker Law Chambers) for the second accused.  

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 13 Apr 2021 (17:57 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

