Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC 138

Magistrate’s Appeal No 9758 of 2020

Between

| Tan Song Cheng  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

Magistrate’s Appeal No 9768 of 2020

Between

| Lin Shaohua  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

judgment

[Criminal Law] — [Statutory offences] — [Income Tax Act]

[Criminal Procedure And Sentencing] — [Sentencing] — [Benchmark sentences]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Tan Song Cheng

  
v

  

Public Prosecutor and another appeal

[2021] SGHC 138

General Division of the High Court — Magistrate’s Appeal Nos 9758 and 9768 of
2020  
See Kee Oon J  
1 April 2021

9 June 2021 Judgment reserved.

See Kee Oon J:

1 The appellants had pleaded guilty to charges under s 96(1)(b) of the Income
Tax Act (Cap 134, 2008 Rev Ed) (“ITA”) alongside other charges under the Goods
and Services Tax Act (Cap 117A, 2005 Rev Ed) (”GSTA”). They were convicted and
sentenced by the same District Judge (“DJ”), sitting in his ex officio
capacity as a Magistrate, in separate and unrelated proceedings. The
Prosecution proposed a sentencing framework for s 96(1) ITA offences, which
was adopted by the DJ. Dissatisfied with their sentences, both appellants
filed their respective appeals. As the issues concerning both appeals were
substantially the same, I heard both appeals together.

2 Having heard the parties’ submissions and considered the materials before
me, it is clear that there has been no consistent or coherent sentencing trend
in the sentencing decisions in respect of offences under s 96(1) of the ITA.
Moreover, there has not been any sentencing guidance from this court since
Chng Gim Huat v Public Prosecutor [2000] 2 SLR(R) 360 (“Chng Gim Huat”).

3 In this judgment, I address the need to develop a sentencing framework to
guide sentencing for offences under s 96(1) of the ITA. I proceed to explain
my reasons for substantially endorsing the Prosecution’s proposed framework
and demonstrate the application of the framework to these appeals, to reach my
conclusion that the sentences imposed were not manifestly excessive and that
the appeals should therefore be dismissed.

The material facts

MA 9758/2020

4 In this appeal, the appellant, Tan Song Cheng (“the First Appellant”) was
the director of TNT Cards & Silkscreen Pte Ltd (“TNTPL”) and the precedent
partner of TNT Art & Silkscreen (“TAS”), which he ran together with one Lim
Geok Mee (“Lim”). Between 2008 and 2014, whenever TNTPL’s sales revenue
exceeded $1 million, Lim, with the approval of the First Appellant, would
falsely reduce TNTPL’s report sales revenue, by transferring the revenue to
three other business entities, one of which was TAS. For failing to report
TNTPL’s liability to register for Goods and Services Tax (“GST”), TNTPL had
committed an offence under s 61(a) of the GSTA. At the time of the commission
of the aforesaid offence, the First Appellant was a director of TNTPL and
hence, the First Appellant had committed an offence under s 61(a) read with s
74 of the GSTA. The First Appellant was fined $2,000 for the offence under the
GSTA and is not appealing that sentence.

5 In addition to the above, in 2009 and 2011, the First Appellant agreed to
Lim’s false reduction of TAS’s net profit, so that it would fall beneath an
artificially-imposed cap of $100,000. This led to the under-reporting of the
First Appellant’s share of TAS’s trade income. In addition, the First
Appellant failed to declare holiday reimbursements received from TNTPL as a
“performance reward”. This led to the under-reporting of the First Appellant’s
employment income from TNTPL. The resulting amount of tax undercharged was
$34,992.26 in 2009 and $34,444.18 in 2011. The mandatory penalties the First
Appellant was liable for under s 96(1)(i) of the ITA were $104,976.78 and
$103, 332.54 respectively.

6 The First Appellant pleaded guilty to the two proceeded charges under s
96(1)(b) of the ITA as well as the s 61(a) GSTA charge and was sentenced on 20
July 2020. Six similar s 96(1) ITA charges were taken into consideration for
the purpose of sentencing. Through his nine offences, the First Appellant had
evaded taxes totalling $221,938.01. At the proceedings below, the DJ observed
that there was no consistency in the sentences imposed for s 96(1) ITA
offences save that the sentences were always under two months’ imprisonment.
He also observed that there was little or no correlation between the amount of
tax evaded and the sentences imposed for cases decided post-Chng Gim Huat, and
that the current sentencing norm did not utilise the full sentencing spectrum
provided for by Parliament, which in turn undermined the seriousness of s
96(1) ITA offences. The DJ held that Chng Gim Huat did not establish a
sentencing benchmark of a short custodial sentence of up to two months for s
96(1) ITA offences, and proceeded to adopt the Prosecution’s proposed five-
step sentencing framework based on a harm-culpability analysis.

7 The DJ found that the harm occasioned, and the culpability of the First
Appellant came within the low range. Taking into account the First Appellant’s
plea of guilt and the six other charges taken into consideration, the DJ
imposed a sentence of six weeks’ imprisonment in respect of each proceeded
charge, and ordered the sentences for the two charges to run consecutively,
resulting in a global sentence of 12 weeks’ imprisonment for the s 96(1) ITA
offences. The DJ’s grounds of decision are reported at Public Prosecutor v Tan
Song Cheng [2020] SGMC 50.

MA 9768/2020

8 In this appeal, the appellant Lin Shaohua (“the Second Appellant”) was the
precedent partner of two partnerships, Furniture Collection Centre (“FCC”) and
Yang Hua Furniture Trading (“YHFT”). From 2009 to 2015, one Lim Sai Cheok
(“Lucy”) prepared the accounts of both FCC and YHFT, and filed the income tax
returns of FCC and YHFT, as well as the personal income tax returns of the
Second Appellant. At the material times, whenever the actual sales figures of
either FCC or YHFT exceeded the $1 million threshold for GST registration, the
Second Appellant would instruct Lucy to reduce the reported sales to below the
$1 million threshold. At the time of the commission of the aforesaid offences,
the Second Appellant was a partner of FCC and YHFT and hence, the Second
Appellant had committed an offence under s 61(a) read with s 74 of the GSTA.
The Second Appellant was fined $4,000 for the offence under the GSTA and is
not appealing that sentence.

9 In addition to the above, by instructing Lucy to reduce the reported sales
figures for FCC and YHFT to below the $1 million threshold, the Second
Appellant’s reported partnership income in 2016 was correspondingly reduced,
leading to her personal income being under-reported. The resulting amount of
tax undercharged was $79,142.13. The mandatory penalty the Second Appellant
was liable for under s 96(1)(i) of the ITA was $237,426.39.

10 The Second Appellant pleaded guilty to one proceeded charge under s
96(1)(b) of the ITA as well as the s 61(a) GSTA charge and was sentenced on 7
August 2020. Two similar charges, one each under s 96(1) of the ITA and s
61(a) read with s 74(1) of the GSTA respectively, were taken into
consideration for the purpose of sentencing. Through her four offences, the
Second Appellant had evaded taxes totalling $536,379. At the proceedings
below, the DJ made the same substantive observations of law as he had done in
MA 9758/2020.

11 Once again, the DJ adopted the Prosecution’s proposed five-step sentencing
framework based on a harm-culpability analysis, and found that the harm
occasioned and culpability of the Second Appellant came within the low range.
Taking into account the Second Appellant’s plea of guilt and the two charges
taken into consideration for the purposes of sentencing, the DJ imposed a
sentence of ten weeks’ imprisonment for the s 96(1) ITA offences. The DJ’s
grounds of decision are reported at Public Prosecutor v Lin Shaohua [2020]
SGMC 53.

The parties’ submissions

The First Appellant’s Case

12 On appeal, the First Appellant contends that while the aim of s 96(1) of
the ITA is to deter tax evasion, the mandatory penalty of treble the quantum
of tax evaded already constitutes sufficient deterrence, and that the amount
involved in financial crimes should not be the sole or overriding metric for
the assessment of harm.

13 In respect of the Prosecution’s proposed sentencing framework, the First
Appellant submits that as there is no upper limit to the amount of tax evaded,
the proposed sentencing bands which are based solely on the amount of tax
evaded would run the risk of arbitrariness. In addition, it was submitted that
the Prosecution’s proposed sentencing framework had omitted the sentence of a
fine.

14 On the facts, the First Appellant contends that he was not an “active
participant” of the tax evasion scheme and consequently he is less culpable
than Lim, who received a sentence of four weeks’ imprisonment and a mandatory
penalty of $63,422.82. The First Appellant also contends that the DJ had given
insufficient weight to his plea of guilt, that the consecutive sentences had
offended the one-transaction rule, and that the sentence of 12 weeks’
imprisonment in addition to the mandatory penalty was crushing.

The Second Appellant’s case

15 On appeal, the Second Appellant contends that under the Prosecution’s
proposed sentencing framework, the quantum of tax evaded has a
disproportionate influence on the length of the custodial sentence. As the
quantum of tax is also the sole determinant of the mandatory treble penalty,
using it as the determinant of harm caused would lend disproportionate
emphasis to it. In addition, the Second Appellant contends that the
Prosecution’s framework had not adequately accounted for the possibility of a
non-custodial sentence.

16 On the facts, the Second Appellant argues that the DJ had not placed
sufficient weight on her personal circumstances and that the sentence of ten
weeks’ imprisonment was inconsistent with the sentencing precedents. An
appropriate sentence would be a fine or four weeks’ imprisonment according to
the alternative sentencing framework proposed in her submissions.

The Prosecution’s case

17 In response to both appeals, the Prosecution submits that a sentencing
framework is called for in respect of s 96(1) ITA offences. According to the
Prosecution, the full sentencing range has not been utilised in the precedent
cases, resulting in a lack of correlation in sentences to the severity of the
offences, and the sentences clustering at the lower end of the sentencing
range. To this end, the Prosecution proposed a modified five-step sentencing
framework (“the proposed sentencing framework”) adapted from Logachev
Vladislav v Public Prosecutor [2018] 4 SLR 609 (“Logachev”) for the offences
under s 96(1) of the ITA. In the proposed sentencing framework, the
Prosecution pegged the various levels of harm primarily on the quantum of tax
evaded, alongside the additional factors of involvement of a syndicate or a
transnational element. In this regard, the Prosecution submits that the
proposed ranges of tax evaded for each level of harm are not arbitrary, and
that the mandatory penalty should not have an impact on the determination of
the sentence.

18 On the facts, the Prosecution takes the position that the DJ had been
correct in his assessment of the Appellants’ culpability and the harm caused,
as well as their respective offender-specific factors, in calibrating the
sentences.

The amicus curiae’s submissions

19 Mr Kok Yee Keong (“the amicus curiae”) was appointed under the Supreme
Court’s young amicus curiae scheme to assist the court with his opinion as to
whether it was appropriate for the court to develop a sentencing framework for
s 96(1) ITA offences. The amicus curiae was also requested to consider what an
appropriate framework might be, and to provide his views on the Prosecution’s
proposed sentencing framework. In addition, he was requested to consider
whether the quantum of tax evaded should be the primary determinant of harm in
calibrating the appropriate sentence and the impact of the mandatory penalty,
if any, on the determination of the sentence.

20 The amicus curiae’s submissions are broadly in line with the Prosecution’s
position. He agrees that a sentencing framework ought to be developed as there
is a paucity of reasoned decisions on s 96(1) ITA offences, the sentences
cluster around the minimum sentence, and the sentences appear inconsistent
despite the fact that the cases are not that factually diverse.

21 In this regard, the amicus curiae also agrees with the Prosecution that the
modified Logachev sentencing framework should be adopted, although he proposes
modifying the framework in various ways, such as using the quantum of tax
evaded as the sole determinant of the level of harm, and bringing the other
harm considerations within the ambit of culpability.

22 I note that the amicus curiae’s submissions attempt to take the proposed
sentencing framework a step further by proposing that the court should also
use this opportunity to endorse the Logachev framework as a universal approach
towards determining the sentence for any given offence, with suitable
modifications. I appreciate that this suggestion is well-intentioned but with
respect, I decline to adopt it. It may well merit reconsideration at a future
point, but it is unnecessary for the purpose of dealing with the present
appeals. Moreover, it is unclear whether a universal approach would be
adequate to address the breadth and variance of criminal offences in
Singapore.

The need to develop a sentencing framework

The sentencing precedents

23 Hitherto, Chng Gim Huat has been the sole High Court decision regarding the
sentencing approach for s 96(1) of the ITA offences. In that case, the
appellant failed to report income amounting to $1,314,000 and had claimed
trial to two charges under s 96(1)(a) of the Income Tax Act (Cap 134, 1994
Ed). At first instance, he was sentenced to imprisonment of two and four
months on the two charges, with both sentences running concurrently, in
addition to the mandatory penalty of $1,069,936.90. Yong Pung How CJ dismissed
the appeal against conviction but allowed the appeal against sentence, and
reduced the period of imprisonment to one month and two months on the two
charges with both sentences ordered to run concurrently. Yong CJ took into
account the appellant’s swift action in notifying the Inland Revenue Authority
of Singapore (“IRAS”), his contributions to the community, and his age. In
doing so, Yong CJ also stated that the imposition of the treble penalty was
mandatory, and that in view of the need for general deterrence, a custodial
sentence would normally be warranted: see [105] and [107].

24 Since the decision in Chng Gim Huat, there has been a relative paucity of
reasoned decisions regarding offences under s 96(1) of the ITA. As the amicus
curiae has pointed out, apart from the DJ’s two judgments in the present
appeals, there are apparently only two other judgments:

(a) Public Prosecutor v Onn Ping Lan [2005] SGMC 8, where the offender had
pleaded guilty in the midst of trial to 20 counts of tax evasion. He was
sentenced to a mandatory minimum aggregate sentence of six months’
imprisonment by virtue of s 96(2)(a) of the ITA. The mandatory penalty imposed
was $546,471.01.

(b) Public Prosecutor v Chew Tiong Wei [2016] SGDC 59, where the offender had
pleaded guilty to 28 charges which included three counts for tax-related
offences. He was sentenced to an aggregate sentence of six months’
imprisonment for two charges under s 96(1)(b) and one charge under s 37J(3)(a)
of the ITA, due to the requirement in s 37J(4)(a) of the ITA stipulating that
a person who is convicted for three or more offences under the relevant
provisions would be subject to a mandatory minimum imprisonment term of six
months. The mandatory penalty imposed was $152,893.95. His appeal was
dismissed but no reasons were given for the High Court’s decision.

25 Bearing in mind the need for caution in relying on sentencing precedents
without fully-reasoned grounds or explanations as to how the sentencing judge
reached a sentencing decision (see Janardana Jayasankarr v Public Prosecutor
[2016] 4 SLR 1288 at [13(b)]), I turn next to consider the range of sentences
meted out in tax evasion cases which are unreported. From the cases cited by
the Prosecution and amicus curiae, it is clear that while imprisonment terms
have been the norm for tax evasion cases, the sentences meted out have ranged
between one- to six-weeks’ imprisonment (see also Darren Koh, Poh Eng Hin &
Tang Siau Yan, The Law and Practice of Singapore Income Tax (LexisNexis, 3rd
Ed, 2020) (“Singapore Income Tax”) at paras 19.212–19.213).

26 As observed by the authors of Singapore Income Tax at paras 19.213–19.214,
this range does not utilise the full sentencing range prescribed by
Parliament, which allows for a maximum sentence of up to three years’
imprisonment under s 96(1) of the ITA. As a result, the sentences have
clustered at the lower end of the permissible custodial sentencing range in s
96(1) of the ITA. This appears to reflect an anchoring effect which may have
been the unintended upshot of the decision in Chng Gim Huat. As emphasised by
the Court of Appeal in Suventher Shanmugam v Public Prosecutor [2017] 2 SLR
115 (“Suventher”) at [29] (citing Vasentha d/o Joseph v Public Prosecutor
[2015] 5 SLR 122 at [45]–[46]), the courts should generally seek to utilise
the full spectrum of possible sentences. To do so otherwise would run the risk
of promulgating a sentencing trend inconsistent with Parliament’s stance with
respect to each particular offence (see Suventher at [26]). On the facts of
the present appeals, this would mean that any sentencing framework specified
by this court would necessarily have to encompass sentences up to three years’
imprisonment, as well as non-custodial sentences.

Consistency in sentencing

27 As Chan Seng Onn J had observed in Takaaki Masui v Public Prosecutor and
another appeal [2020] SGHC 265 at [91]–[92], consistency in sentencing
encompasses both the issue of adopting a consistent methodology as well as
reaching consistent sentencing outcomes. The use of a sentencing framework
squarely deals with the former issue (see Public Prosecutor v Wong Chee Meng
and another appeal [2020] 5 SLR 807 (“Wong Chee Meng”) at [55] –[57]).
However, the latter issue is equally important in that when a court is faced
with two very similar cases, it should arrive at broadly similar outcomes.
This accords with the principle of consistency namely, that “like cases should
be treated alike” (see Chang Kar Meng v Public Prosecutor [2017] 2 SLR 68 at
[73], citing Public Prosecutor v UI [2008] 4 SLR(R) 500 at [17]), and by
extension, that unlike cases should be treated differently.

28 It is clear from the sentencing precedents for s 96(1) ITA offences that
the precedents do not evince any consistent sentencing trend. For example, it
was highlighted by the Prosecution in the hearing below that an offender who
had evaded tax of over $400,000 had been sentenced to the same sentence of one
month’s imprisonment as an offender who had evaded tax of over $20,000. While
I accept that every sentence reflects a complex aggregation of factors which
has to be considered with respect to the particular facts of each individual
case, the fact that an offence may encompass a “wide variety of circumstances
does not, in and of itself, preclude the adoption of a sentencing framework”
(see Wong Chee Meng at [56]).

29 However, from a review of the sentencing precedents tendered, it appears
that offences under s 96(1) of the ITA do not in fact encompass a wide-ranging
variety of circumstances. The cases, with the exception of Chng Gim Huat, tend
to fall generally into two categories. In the first, the offender deliberately
fails to declare the full income he has received. In the second, the offender
falsifies records to denote a lower income. Accordingly, my observation that
the cases concerning s 96(1) of the ITA are not that factually diverse
reinforces my view that a sentencing framework would be appropriate, and can
be capable of general application.

Did Chng Gim Huat set a benchmark?

30 I note that the First Appellant had initially adopted the position that
Chng Gim Huat sets the sentencing benchmark for s 96(1) ITA offences, but now
accepts that Chng Gim Huat does not represent a sentencing benchmark. The
Second Appellant has not made any submissions to the effect of whether Chng
Gim Huat sets a sentencing benchmark. She has however advocated both here and
below that the court should adhere to the overall trend of sentencing
precedents.

31 As stated in Ng Kean Meng Terence v Public Prosecutor [2017] 2 SLR 449
(“Terence Ng”) at [31]–[32], a “benchmark” approach to sentencing is
characterised by the following features:

(a) The sentence is imposed in respect of an archetypal case (or a series of
archetypal cases) (Terence Ng at [31]);

(b) The notional case must be defined in terms of the factual matrix of the
case as well as the sentencing considerations (Terence Ng at [31]);

(c) It provides a focal point against which sentences in subsequent cases with
differing degrees of criminal culpability can be accurately determined
(Terence Ng at [31]);

(d) It lays out the parameters of its reasoning to allow future judges to
determine what falls within the scope of the ‘norm’ (Terence Ng at [31]);

(e) The benchmark approach is particularly suited for offences which
overwhelmingly manifest in a particular way or where the manner of offending
is extremely common (Terence Ng at [32]).

32 While Chng Gim Huat had explicitly set out the primary sentencing
consideration of deterrence for s 96(1) ITA offences, as well as some other
sentencing considerations, such as the time span of the offences, the systems
and methods used to evade tax, whether there was restitution of the tax
evaded, the amount of tax evaded, and the culpability and circumstances of the
defendant, it does not appear to have provided a focal point for comparison or
calibration of sentences in subsequent cases. In addition, as alluded to above
at [29], the facts of Chng Gim Huat do not appear to be typical of the usual
modus of tax evasion – the appellant had wilfully omitted to declare interest
income he had obtained from repayments that were made towards personal loans
he had extended. I agree with the DJ’s view that Chng Gim Huat did not lay
down a benchmark sentence for s 96(1) ITA offences, and should not have been
regarded as a sentencing guideline judgment as such.

33 In summary, in view of the relative paucity of reasoned decisions, lack of
consistency in sentencing decisions, as well as the fact that the full
sentencing range set out by Parliament has not been utilised, I agree with the
DJ that a sentencing framework is called for with respect to offences under s
96(1) of the ITA.

The rationale underlying offences under s 96(1) of the ITA

34 In Chng Gim Huat, Yong CJ held that offences under s 96(1) of the ITA could
be construed as a “deliberate fraud on the State”, and as such offences are
difficult to detect or investigate, a custodial sentence is normally warranted
on the grounds of general deterrence (see Chng Gim Huat at [107]).

35 This is also illustrated by the statement of Mr Hon Sui Sen, the Minister
for Finance, when presenting the second reading of the Income Tax (Amendment)
Bill in Parliament in 1975 (Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report
(27 March 1975) vol 34 at cols 1100–1101):

I now come to the amendments in the Bill designed to tighten the law against
income tax offenders. Income tax is the mainstay of our revenue structure
accounting for more than one-third of total revenue. Compliance by taxpayers
is therefore of paramount importance and Government must see to it that every
person who is liable pays his fair share.

The design of a penalty system for tax evasion which without excessive
harshness would yet be punitive enough to deter would-be offenders is no easy
task. Some guidance is provided by experience in the day-to-day administration
of the law. And such experience has shown that certain modifications in the
law dealing with offenders should be made.

…

It is also proposed to remove the requirement of a possible minimum of six
months' imprisonment in addition to a fine for taxpayers who are convicted for
omitting or making false returns without reasonable excuse or through fraud. A
minimum six months' imprisonment seems too harsh in this case and invariably
this has led to offenders being let off with only a fine. Clauses 14 and 15 of
the Bill will allow for the length of imprisonment to he decided by the Court.
However, for cases of fraudulent evasion for more than three years, a minimum
six months' sentence will remain.

[emphasis added]

36 While no evidence was placed before me as to whether income tax remains the
mainstay of the State’s revenue, this does not displace the fact that the
primary mischief sought to be addressed by criminalisation of tax evasion
under s 96(1) of the ITA is the failure of the offender to hand over what is
due to the State. As Yong CJ noted in Chng Gim Huat at [107], tax evasion
offences affect society as a whole since any resulting deficiencies in revenue
would have to be made up by other law-abiding taxpayers. Additionally, prior
to the amendments to the ITA in 1975, under s 96(1) of the Income Tax Act (Cap
141, 1970 Rev Ed), apart from the mandatory treble penalty, the punishment for
tax evasion was a fine not exceeding ten thousand dollars, or imprisonment for
a term of not less than six months and not exceeding three years, or both fine
and imprisonment. As a consequence of Parliament’s removal of the minimum of
six months’ imprisonment, I am reinforced in my view that Parliament had
intended for the entire sentencing spectrum to be utilised.

The relevant sentencing considerations for offences punishable under section
96(1) of the ITA

37 I turn now to the relevant sentencing considerations that apply in the
context of offences punishable under s 96(1) of the ITA. In Terence Ng at
[39], the Court of Appeal drew a distinction between offence-specific and
offender-specific factors, with the former relating to the manner and mode in
which the offence was committed, while the latter related to aggravating and
mitigating factors which were personal to the offender. In Public Prosecutor v
Koh Thiam Huat [2017] 4 SLR 1099 at [41], I had held that in evaluating the
seriousness of a crime, the court has to consider the harm caused by the
offence and the culpability of the offender. In Logachev at [36], having
considered the two aforementioned cases, Menon CJ held:

Reading Terence Ng and Koh Thiam Huat together, it seems to me that offence-
specific factors would comprise factors going towards: (a) the harm caused by
the offence; and (b) the offender’s culpability. These factors may be
aggravating or mitigating, and different factors may apply depending on the
particular offence in question. In comparison, offender-specific factors would
comprise other aggravating and mitigating factors which do not directly relate
to the commission of the offence. These factors are generally applicable
across all criminal offences.

38 The categorisation set out in Logachev neatly encapsulates and delineates
the various sentencing considerations that the court should consider in
exercising its sentencing discretion. In addition, while there appeared to
have been some hesitation on the part of Menon CJ in Logachev to comparing
casino cheating cases with cheating simplicter cases under s 420 of the Penal
Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed), I note that this hesitation may have arisen
having regard to the differences in sentencing ranges in the offences
concerned, and not because the offences bore significant differences (see
Logachev at [32]–[33]).

39 In my view, many of the offence-specific factors listed in Logachev are
also present and relevant to offences involving tax evasion. Accordingly, I
have incorporated the relevant sentencing considerations from Logachev, that
would apply with equal rigour in the context of offences punishable under s
96(1) of the ITA:

Offence-specific factors  
---  
Factors going to harm(a) The amount of income tax evaded(b) Involvement of a
syndicate(c) Involvement of a transnational element| Factors going towards
culpability(a) The degree of planning and premeditation(b) Sophistication of
the systems and methods used to evade income tax or to avoid detection(c)
Evidence of a sustained period of offending(d) Offender’s role (e) Abuse of
position and breach of trust  
Offender-specific factors  
Aggravating factors(a) Offences taken into consideration for the purpose of
sentencing(b) Relevant antecedents(c) Evident lack of remorse| Mitigating
factors(a) A guilty plea(b) Voluntary restitution(c) Co-operation with the
authorities  
  
Offence-specific factors

Factors going to harm

(1) Quantum of tax evaded

40 The First Appellant argues that the quantum of tax should not be a
determinant of harm for s 96(1) ITA offences, as it is already accounted for
by virtue of the mandatory penalty of treble the quantum of tax evaded, which
has a strong deterrent effect. On the other hand, the Prosecution argues that
notwithstanding the fact that the quantum of tax evaded is considered in the
mandatory penalty, relying on the same factor as the primary determinant of
harm would not amount to double-counting.

41 In this regard, it is my view that the objective of the mandatory penalty
is not simply to reclaim the revenue defrauded since the multiplier bears no
correlation with the time-value of money. Rather, the primary purpose of the
high prescribed penalty is to deter tax evasion. This is entirely in keeping
with Yong CJ’s opinion in Chng Gim Huat at [105] that the treble penalty is of
a different genus from the usual sentencing option of a fine, and is
additional to the sentencing options prescribed under s 96(1) of the ITA.

42 Following from the discussion above, it is apparent that despite the fact
that the quantum of income tax evaded necessarily determines the sum of the
mandatory penalty imposed, that same quantum can be a primary, albeit not
sole, determinant of the harm caused to the State.

(2) Involvement of a syndicate

43 The fact of involvement of an offender in a criminal syndicate, as well as
the size and scale of the syndicate concerned, is an independent aggravating
factor that exists quite apart from the element of premeditation,
sophistication and planning (see Logachev at [52]–[53]).

44 In my view, the existence of such an element justifies enhancing the
sentence. At the second reading of the Income Tax (Amendment) Bill, the Second
Minister for Finance, Mr Lawrence Wong, said as follows (see Singapore
Parliamentary Debates, Official Report (2 October 2018) vol 94):

The second broad change pertains to the proposed amendment of the Income Tax
Act to allow IRAS to share with law enforcement agencies (LEAs) information
that may be necessary for investigation or prosecution of serious crimes.
Serious crimes are offences listed in the First and Second Schedules to the
Corruption, Drug Trafficking and Other Serious Crimes (Confiscation of
Benefits) Act.

We need the proposed amendments as the activities of criminals including
syndicates are often multi-faceted. Their criminal activities may not be
limited to tax evasion, and may extend to other forms of illegal activities
like drug dealing and corruption. A Whole-of-Government approach is required
to better tackle such serious crimes. And again, I would highlight that other
countries, including Australia, Norway, Sweden and the UK, also allow for the
disclosure of tax information to LEAs to combat non-tax crimes.

Under the proposed amendments, information shared is to be disclosed by the
Comptroller to the head of an LEA for the purpose of investigation or
prosecution of serious crimes.

[emphasis added]

45 It is plain from the above statements that a tough stance against criminal
syndication is warranted. Parliament had made clear its concerns over the
involvement of criminal syndicates in tax evasion schemes.

(3) Involvement of a transnational element

46 In Logachev, Menon CJ held that the involvement of a transnational element
is an aggravating factor, because of the increased difficulty of detection as
well as the need to prevent Singapore from becoming an essential cog in
criminal enterprises (see Logachev at [54]–[55]).

47 The Prosecution has suggested that in considering this element, the court
should consider issues such as whether there was the use of cross-border
transactions or offshore companies and trusts to obfuscate the purpose of fund
transfers, and conceal the beneficial ownership of taxable assets. Bearing in
mind the fine line that can exist between tax avoidance and tax evasion, I am
of the view that the approach that the Prosecution submits is sensible,
especially in light of the difficulties that underpin the detection of tax
evasion when offshore corporate structures are utilised. Such difficulties
were among the reasons why Parliament introduced amendments to the Income Tax
Act in 2016 to allow for the automatic exchange of financial account
information (“AEOI”). At the second reading of the Income Tax (Amendment No.
2) Bill, the Senior Minister of State for Finance, Ms Indranee Rajah,
explained as follows (see Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report (9
May 2016) vol 94):

First, and as pointed out by Ms Foo Mee Har, there must be a level playing
field amongst all major financial centres, including Hong Kong and
Switzerland, to minimise regulatory arbitrage. These financial centres have
endorsed AEOI under the common reporting standard and are committed to
implementation timelines of 2017 or 2018.

Second, and as also highlighted by Ms Foo, it is critical that we protect
taxpayers' confidentiality. This is why we will engage in AEOI only with
jurisdictions that have a strong rule of law and the ability to ensure the
confidentiality of information exchanged and prevent its unauthorised use. The
CRS includes specific rules on confidentiality and data safeguards that must
be in place before information is exchanged.

The Global Forum on Transparency and Exchange of Information for Tax Purposes
has also set up an expert panel to review jurisdictions' implementation of
these safeguards to ensure that AEOI takes place in a secure environment.
Singapore will take into consideration the outcome of such reviews when we
consider which jurisdictions to engage in AEOI with.

Third, there must be full reciprocity with AEOI partners in terms of
information exchanged. These conditions are necessary to make sure that we
continue to respect the legitimate expectations for confidentiality even as we
implement AEOI to contribute to the global effort to tackle offshore tax
evasion. In this regard, Singapore will prioritise AEOI with jurisdictions
which meet the conditions stated, such as the UK and France.

[emphasis added]

48 In addition, the Prosecution has suggested an additional harm indicium of
“undermining of government schemes or harm done to the confidence in public
administration”. However, in my judgment, such a harm factor would run the
risk of double-counting, as the premise of tax evasion is the subversion of
the governmental scheme of taxation, and the offence attracts a deterrent
sentence in view of the impact those very acts will have on public
administration and public confidence. Nevertheless, as the categories are non-
exhaustive, I accept that the occasion may arise where it can be shown that an
act of tax evasion indeed has the additional effect of undermining
governmental schemes or damaging the confidence reposed in public
administration.

Factors going towards the offender’s culpability

(1) The degree of planning and premeditation.

49 It is settled law that the presence of planning and premeditation is an
aggravating factor, and reflects greater criminality, compared to an offence
committed opportunistically or on impulse (see Logachev at [56]). The
Prosecution has suggested that examples of such planning and premeditation
include the creation of false transactions to reduce the offender’s tax
liability. I agree that, in general, evidence that the offender had attempted
to hide his income from the scrutiny of the authorities is an aggravating
factor. However, I do note that there can be significant overlap between the
various factors that go towards the offender’s culpability, and the court
should be careful not to double-count the aggravating factors.

(2) Sophistication of the means used to evade income tax or to avoid detection

50 An offence committed through the use of sophisticated methods will be an
aggravating factor in sentencing compared to one done more simply (see
Logachev at [57]). I agree with the Prosecution that an indicator of
sophistication would be the level of obfuscation employed by the offender,
which would possibly encompass the use of complex corporate structures.
However, I would again make the observation that the court should be cognisant
of the risk of double-counting as there is potential overlap with the
aggravating factor of planning and premeditation.

(3) Evidence of a sustained period of offending

51 While an offence being perpetrated over a sustained period of time is an
aggravating factor which could be subject to the sentencing principle of
specific deterrence (see Logachev at [59]), the court has to guard against the
risk of double-counting especially where the offender has other charges
concerning similar offending behaviour which are taken into consideration for
sentencing. In this regard, I would also make the observation that offences
under s 96(1) of the ITA are unique in the sense that each offence or charge
engendered necessarily relates to the offender’s conduct in evading tax for a
specific calendar year (ie, year of assessment). Consequently, this offence-
specific factor may have only a limited impact on the overall sentence,
barring exceptional circumstances.

(4) Offender’s role

52 The offender’s role may be a relevant aggravating factor, where the facts
indicate the involvement of a criminal syndicate. The more influential the
offender or the larger the role he has in that syndicate, the stronger the
inference that the offender is more culpable and consequently deserving of
heavier punishment (see Logachev at [60]).

(5) Abuse of position and breach of trust

53 In the event that the offender is found to have abused a position of trust
or authority or breached the trust reposed in him/her, this would be a
relevant aggravating factor (see Logachev at [62]). An example of this would
include where the offender has utilised client accounts to evade taxes.

Offender-specific factors

Aggravating factors

54 The offender-specific aggravating factors of having offences taken into
consideration for sentencing purposes, relevant antecedents, and evident lack
of remorse, are all well-established in case law and I do not propose to
revisit them (see Logachev at [63]–[66]; Terence Ng at [64]).

Mitigating factors

(1) A guilty plea

55 A guilty plea is a clear mitigating factor in sentencing, on the ground
that it would have saved the criminal justice system resources, and that it
represents genuine remorse on the part of the offender to accept the
consequences of his conduct (see Logachev at [67]). However, with regard to
tax evasion offences under s 96(1) of the ITA, there may be cases where the
documentary evidence in the form of a “paper trail” is incontrovertible.
Coupled with the presumption found in s 96(3) of the ITA, it may be argued
that offenders in such circumstances would have been caught red-handed. As
noted in Wong Kai Chuen Philip v Public Prosecutor [1990] 2 SLR(R) 361 at [14]
and in Public Prosecutor v Tan Fook Sum [1999] 1 SLR(R) 1022 at [33], a guilty
plea may therefore be quite inevitable and therefore of little or no
mitigating value.

(2) Voluntary restitution

56 It is generally accepted that restitution made by the offender, without the
party cheated having to resort to attempts at recovery, is generally accepted
as a mitigating factor on the ground that it reflects the offender’s remorse
(see Logachev at [69]). This would similarly apply in the context of s 96(1)
of the ITA, as the mischief sought to be addressed, as mentioned above at
[36], is the loss of revenue caused to the State.

(3) Co-operation with the authorities

57 While co-operation with the authorities can be a mitigating factor, the
weight to be given to it would very much depend on the specific circumstances
of the case (see Logachev at [70]). In the context of offences under s 96(1)
of the ITA, this is all the more important in view of the difficulty in
detecting such offences, and the fact that income tax returns are heavily
dependent on self-reporting.

The sentencing framework for offences punishable under section 96(1) of the
ITA

58 Turning next to the sentencing framework, following from my view at [39]
above that the sentencing considerations in Logachev are applicable, I am also
of the view that the DJ had correctly accepted that the five-step sentencing
framework in Logachev can be transposed to offences punishable under s 96(1)
of the ITA, which would apply to offenders who claim trial. The Logachev
framework itself has already been adapted for offences concerning financial
and commercial crimes. In Huang Ying-Chun v Public Prosecutor [2019] 3 SLR
606, I had adapted the same framework, with suitable modifications, to
offences of money-laundering under s 44(1)(a) of the Corruption, Drug
Trafficking and Other Serious Crimes (Confiscation of Benefits) Act (Cap 65A,
2000 Rev Ed). In Wong Chee Meng, Menon CJ had also similarly adapted the
Logachev framework for offences of corruption under s 6 read with s 7 of the
Prevention of Corruption Act (Cap 241, 1993 Rev Ed).

First step: Identify the level of harm and the level of culpability

59 Having regard to the various offence-specific factors set out in the table
at [39] above, the first step is for the sentencing court to identify the
fact-specific level of harm caused and the offender’s level of culpability.

60 I note that the Appellants have each proposed alternative approaches to
address the harm element. The First Appellant argues that the determinant of
the harm caused should be the proportion of unreported income to the reported
income, while the Second Appellant contends that the determinant of harm
should be the amount (and proportion) of restitution.

61 The First Appellant’s suggested approach, appended at Annex A, looks
primarily to the amount of unreported income divided by the reported income.
This determines whether the offender falls into either of three specified
“harm levels”, calibrated according to whether the quotient is up to five
times, between five to ten times or above ten times the reported income. In my
view, the First Appellant’s suggested “proportion of unreported income”
approach is untenable as it would allow individuals with a higher overall
income to avoid a higher sentence, as long as the amount of income tax they
evade is below a certain proportion. For example, applying the First
Appellant’s approach, an individual A who earns $1 million a year and under-
reports his income as $900,000, would have an unreported to reported income
ratio of one to 0.11, which would fall into the First Appellant’s definition
of level 1 harm. On the other hand, an individual B who earns $22,000 a year
and under-reports an income of $2,000, would have an unreported to reported
income ratio of one to 10, which would fall into the First Appellant’s
definition of level 2 or level 3 harm. In such a situation, individual A would
be liable for significantly less punishment as the income he had under-
reported was far smaller in proportion to the income he had earned,
notwithstanding the fact that individual A would have “cheated” the State of
five times the amount of tax that individual B did. In my view, such an
approach unnecessarily conflates the harm caused to the State with the harm
that could have been caused had the offender decided to under-report a greater
proportion of his income.

62 The Second Appellant’s suggested approach, appended at Annex B, proposes
that the presence or absence of restitution, or the extent to which
restitution has been made, should be the main indicia of harm caused by tax
evasion offences. Under this approach, the offender can be said to fall within
three specified “harm levels”, with the lowest level involving cases where
full restitution has been made. In my view, the Second Appellant’s approach
would also not be appropriate for two reasons. First, there may be many
reasons why an offender may be unable to make restitution or would choose not
to make restitution. Second, if the harm caused is correlated with the amount
of restitution made, an offender would be able to “escape” the full
consequences of his act no matter how egregious his actions, by simply
“reducing” the harm caused by paying back the tax evaded. This would
effectively subvert the deterrent effect of s 96(1) of the ITA.

63 In any event, I note that on either the First or Second Appellant’s
suggested alternative approaches, their respective cases would fall within the
lowest level of the harm/culpability matrix. This actually mirrors the DJ’s
approach, based on the sentencing matrix proposed by the Prosecution, which is
set out at [71] below. As such, I do not propose to delve into the details of
each of the appellants’ suggested alternative approaches. The real point in
contention is where their respective cases ought to appropriately lie within
the relevant sentencing range, and how their sentences ought to be calibrated.

64 In both the Prosecution and the amicus curiae’s submissions, it was
submitted that the level of harm should be stratified into one of three levels
of severity, based on the quantum of the tax evaded. Both the Appellants argue
that the Prosecution’s stratification into the three bands of less than
$75,000 (Level 1 harm), $75,000–$150,000 (Level 2 harm), and more than
$150,000 (Level 3 harm), are arbitrary, but neither has made substantial
submissions as to why it is arbitrary other than pointing to the fact that
there appears to be no upper limit.

65 I do not find the stratification of harm submitted by the Prosecution and
the amicus curiae to be arbitrary. The respective levels were derived with
reference to the data available from the sentencing precedents. In particular,
about 75% of the prosecuted cases involved a quantum of tax evaded of less
than $75,000, with roughly 12% of the prosecuted cases encompassing the other
two levels of harm proposed respectively. While I am mindful that sentencing
is neither a science nor an administrative exercise which can be determined
with mathematical certainty (see Dinesh Singh Bhatia s/o Amarjeet Singh v
Public Prosecutor [2005] 3 SLR(R) 1 at [24]), it does not mean that the
sentencing court should eschew a sensible rationalisation of the various
sentencing considerations, where it will facilitate the formulation of a
framework to provide clearer practical guidance. On the other hand, it would
be inadvisable to attempt to derive a “mathematically perfect graph” to
identify a precise point for the sentencing court to arrive at in each case.
The latter approach was not favoured by the Court of Appeal in Mohd Akebal s/o
Ghulam Jilani v Public Prosecutor and another appeal [2020] 1 SLR 266 at [20].
Similar views were expressed by the three-judge Panel of the High Court in Lee
Shing Chan v Public Prosecutor and another appeal [2020] 4 SLR 1174 at [34].

66 In Logachev at [43]–[50], in relation to an offence of cheating under s
172A of the Casino Control Act (Cap 33A, 2007 Rev Ed) (“CCA”), Menon CJ
declined to adopt the Prosecution’s proposed sentencing bands based on the
amount cheated for the following reasons:

(a) There is the potential to divert attention away from the other relevant
sentencing considerations that go towards the harm caused by the offence. Such
an approach is suitable where the offence in question is clearly targeted at a
particular mischief which is measurable according to a single (usually
quantitative) metric that assumes primacy in the sentencing analysis. On the
facts in Logachev, it was determined that s 172A of the CCA sought to target
criminal activity in general and not just the amount cheated (see Logachev at
[44]);

(b) There is the potential to divert attention away from the relevant
sentencing considerations that go towards the offender’s culpability (see
Logachev at [47]–[48]);

(c) Singling out the amount cheated is not an approach necessarily supported
by precedent (see Logachev at [49]);

(d) Where there is no upper limit to the amount cheated, there is a danger
that sentencing bands based solely on the amount cheated might be arbitrary.
On the facts of Logachev, it was noted that the lack of evidence to justify
the banding militated against the placement of sentencing bands, although the
absence of an upper limit did not necessarily bar the creation of sentencing
bands (see Logachev at [50]).

67 With regard to [66(d)] above, in both Edwin s/o Suse Nathen v Public
Prosecutor [2013] 4 SLR 1139 (“Edwin”) and Yap Ah Lai v Public Prosecutor
[2014] 3 SLR 180 (“Yap Ah Lai”) (referenced by Logachev at [50]) Menon CJ had
set out sentencing frameworks based on a specific metric notwithstanding the
fact that the statutes in question had not set an upper limit. Reading
Logachev together with Yap Ah Lai, it appears that Menon CJ had justified his
approach on the basis of Parliament’s intention to control the importation of
the controlled substance in question (see Yap Ah Lai at [24]). On this note,
Menon CJ also observed in Edwin at [22] in relation to the sentencing
benchmark he had set out for offences of drink-driving under s 67(1)(b) of the
Road Traffic Act (Cap 276, 2004 Rev Ed) that:

[22] …These benchmarks are neutral starting points based on the relative
seriousness of the offence considering only the level of alcohol in the
offender’s blood or breath and not yet having regard to any aggravating or
mitigating circumstances. Nor are these categories to be seen as rigid or
impermeable. The precise sentence to be imposed in any individual case will,
as it must always do, depend on an overall assessment of all the factual
circumstances. But in general, the higher the alcohol level, the greater
should be the fine and the longer should be the disqualification period.

[emphasis added]

68 While there is no upper limit to the amount of tax evaded under s 96(1) of
the ITA, it is clear that the harm caused is to the State and is measurable
according to a single quantitative metric vis-à-vis the amount of income tax
evaded. Furthermore, the purpose of s 96(1) of the ITA can be contrasted
against the purpose of s 172A of the CCA, in that the former is targeted
specifically at tax evasion (see [35]–[36] above) as opposed to the targeting
of “criminal activity in general” for the latter (see Logachev at [46]).

69 As to the effect that the mandatory penalty should have on the
determination of the sentence, I am of the view that it should have little
influence on the determination of the sentence for two reasons. First, the
court has no discretion to determine if the mandatory penalty should be
imposed (see Chng Gim Huat at [105]). Second, it would be plainly illogical
that the greater the tax avoided and consequently the greater the mandatory
penalty, the less likely an offender would be subject to a more severe
sentence or longer period of imprisonment.

70 Accordingly, I am in agreement with the Prosecution that the primary
indicium of harm should be the amount of tax evaded as stratified into the
three separate levels of harm, which may then be adjusted in terms of
“severity” on account of the other non-exhaustive indicia of harm, such as the
involvement of a syndicate or the involvement of a transnational element. That
being said, I am cognisant of the fact that the average income of the
population will change with time. The various stratified levels of harm set
out in the sentencing framework are not cast in stone and may have to be
revisited from time to time.

Second step: Identify the applicable indicative sentencing range

71 Having identified the level of harm caused by the offence and the level of
the offender’s culpability, the next step is to identify the applicable
indicative sentencing range. Bearing in mind the sentencing range set out in s
96(1) of the ITA, and the stratified levels of harm identified, I adopt the
indicative sentencing ranges in the Prosecution’s sentencing matrix:

HarmCulpability| Level 1 Harm (below $75,000 tax evaded)| Level 2 Harm
($75,000 – $150,000 tax evaded)| Level 3 Harm (Above $150,000 tax evaded)  
---|---|---|---  
Low Culpability | Fine or up to 6 months’ imprisonment| 6 to 12 months’ imprisonment| 12 to 18 months’ imprisonment  
Moderate Culpability | 6 to 12 months’ imprisonment| 12 to 18 months’ imprisonment| 18 to 24 months’ imprisonment  
High Culpability | 12 to 18 months’ imprisonment| 18 to 24 months’ imprisonment| 24 to 36 months’ imprisonment  
  
72 In this regard, I note that the Prosecution has argued that a fine should
only be imposed in “exceptional circumstances” following Chng Gim Huat. The
peculiarity of s 96(1) of the ITA is that the mandatory imposition of the
treble penalty for tax evaded potentially outstrips the “utility” of the
maximum $10,000 fine. Deterrence remains the foremost consideration in
sentencing for s 96(1) ITA offences, and a custodial sentence is generally the
norm, but it is certainly not the case that a custodial sentence must
invariably be imposed.

73 The possibility of a non-custodial sentence should be considered where
appropriate, and to that extent, I agree with the Second Appellant’s
submission. In my view, a fine can be imposed for offences where the deterrent
effect of the fine would not be eclipsed by the imposition of the mandatory
treble penalty, for example where the amount of tax evaded is in the lower
range. Viewed thus, the holding in Chng Gim Huat at [107] that “a custodial
sentence should normally be imposed in order to meet the needs of general
deterrence” would not be inconsistent insofar as where the amount of tax
evaded would result in a mandatory penalty that would outstrip the maximum
fine, a custodial sentence should be imposed as a fine would have little or no
deterrent effect. On the facts of Chng Gim Huat, the offender had evaded a
total tax liability of $354,645.65 and was subject to a mandatory penalty of
over $1 million, which would have rendered the deterrent effect of the maximum
$10,000 fine nugatory.

Third step: Identify the appropriate starting point within the indicative
sentencing range

74 Having identified the indicative sentencing range, the third step is to
identify the appropriate starting point within that range. The court will have
to re-examine the offence-specific factors again. As explained above at [70],
in view of the fact that the primary indicium of harm is the amount of tax
evaded, the court must be mindful to adjust the “severity” of the harm in
relation to the other harm factors, as well as the culpability factors.

Fourth step: Make adjustments to the starting point to take into account
offender-specific factors

75 The fourth step is for the court to make adjustments to the starting point
identified in the preceding steps, based on the applicable offender-specific
aggravating and mitigating factors. At this stage, it is possible for the
adjustment to bring the sentence outside the indicative sentencing range,
which are themselves not cast in stone, provided that clear and coherent
reasons are given (see Logachev at [80]).

76 In this regard, the total amount of tax evaded must also be considered at
this step. This is consistent with Gan Chai Bee Anne v Public Prosecutor
[2019] 4 SLR 838 (“Anne”) at [39] and [75], where Menon CJ held that the total
amount involved in the charges proceeded with and taken into consideration
should be analysed as part of the totality of the offender’s conduct:

[39] At the first step of the analysis, therefore, I think it would have been
difficult to justify a custodial sentence for each charge in this case given
that the amount of the unauthorised claim involved in each charge was small,
and further because none of the charges pertained to circumstances where the
improper claim was intended to accrue to the appellant’s benefit. But when the
amounts paid on the claims reflected in all the charges, both proceeded with
and taken into consideration, are aggregated, it will readily be seen that
that the property which the victim has parted with was of more than negligible
value. What follows from this is that the conclusion that the custodial
threshold was crossed is one that pertains to the totality of the First
Appellant’s offending conduct, and it could properly be drawn only at the
second step of the analysis…

…

[75] In my judgment, these deterrent and retributive aims can be
satisfactorily met only with a sentence of imprisonment. The totality of her
criminal conduct justifies increases in the individual sentences for her
charges from what would, taken alone, have been fines, to short custodial
sentences.

[High Court’s emphasis in Anne in italics; emphasis added in bold and
underline]

Fifth step: Make further adjustments to take into account the totality
principle

77 The fifth step is for the sentencing court to make further adjustments to
the sentence on account of the totality principle. In cases where an offender
is convicted of multiple charges, the general rule is that consecutive
sentences should be ordered for unrelated offences, subject to the totality
principle, the one-transaction rule, and any statutory provisions that
supersede the general rule (see Public Prosecutor v Raveen Balakrishnan [2018]
5 SLR 799 (“Raveen”) at [65]–[67]).

78 In relation to the totality principle, the court has to first examine
whether the aggregate sentence is substantially above the sentences normally
meted out for the most serious of the individual sentences committed, then
proceed to consider whether the effect of the sentence on the offender is
crushing and not in keeping with his past record and his future prospects (see
Mohamed Shouffee bin Adam v Public Prosecutor [2014] 2 SLR 998 at [54] and
[57]).

Application of the sentencing framework to the First Appellant

79 I now turn to consider the First Appellant’s case, and to determine if the
sentencing framework, which had been similarly adopted by the DJ, had been
appropriately applied.

80 Based on the amount of tax evaded, which was between $34,000 to $35,000 for
each of the proceeded charges, I agree with the DJ that the harm caused was
justifiably classified as “Level 1 harm”. As to the culpability of the First
Appellant, I agree that there was a degree of planning and premeditation on
his part when he conspired with Lim to ensure that TNTPL’s sales revenue did
not exceed $1 million in order to avoid GST registration, and to ensure that
TAS’s net profit was kept below $100,000, in addition to having failed to
report holiday reimbursements. I also agree that there was no evidence of the
First Appellant having used sophisticated means to evade his income tax. The
substantial length of time the scheme was in place as well as the First
Appellant’s role in the scheme had been accounted for.

81 However, I find it difficult to accept the DJ’s finding that the primary
aim of the scheme was not for the First Appellant to evade income tax for two
reasons. First, while the artificial transfer of sales from TNTPL to TAS was
necessary to enable TNTPL to avoid GST registration, I do not see why TAS’s
net profit figures had to be subject to an artificial cap of $100,000. The
First Appellant could have just as easily ensured that the total amount of
income he actually received was reported even if he had sought to avoid GST
registration for TNTPL. Second, the First Appellant’s deliberate failure to
report his holiday reimbursements is another indicator that he had attempted
to artificially reduce the amount of income he had received for each of the
taxable years involved.

82 Notwithstanding, I agree that at the first step of the sentencing
framework, the First Appellant’s culpability was low, and that consequently
the applicable sentencing range at the second step of the sentencing framework
is up to six months’ imprisonment. At the third step of the sentencing
framework, I agree that in light of the absence of other harm factors, a
“starting point” sentence of ten weeks’ imprisonment was appropriate. In the
First Appellant’s case, in view of the quantum of income tax evaded per charge
which was in itself already over three times the maximum fine that can be
imposed, a fine would manifestly not be an appropriate sentence.

83 At the fourth step, I agree with the aggravating factor identified by the
DJ, which is the six other charges under s 96(1) of the ITA being taken into
consideration for the purposes of sentencing, and which amounted to a total
tax evaded of $119,186.21.

84 With regard to the First Appellant’s contention that the DJ had failed to
consider the mitigating value of the First Appellant’s early plea of guilt,
cooperation with IRAS, and full restitution for all the charges concerned, I
am of the view that this submission is without merit. The DJ had correctly
identified and given careful consideration to these factors in calibrating the
First Appellant’s sentence downwards substantially from ten weeks’
imprisonment to six weeks’ imprisonment on each charge. I agree with the
Prosecution that the sentences in fact appear to be fairly lenient, rather
than being manifestly excessive.

85 At the fifth step, I am of the view that the DJ had not breached the one-
transaction rule in any way by ordering both sentences to run consecutively.
In Raveen, Menon CJ had stated:

[39] … The question of whether the various offences form part of a single
transaction in turn depends on whether they entail a “single invasion of the
same legally protected interest” … In determining this, the proximities in
time, place, continuity of action, and continuity in purpose or design all
have utility… The premise is that if there is a single invasion of a legally
protected interest, then even if this might give rise to several offences, it
is, in the final analysis, the violation of that single interest that is being
punished and concurrent sentences would thus ordinarily suffice to reflect the
seriousness of the offences….

…

[70] …It suffices for present purposes to stress that the question of whether
the offences are related or otherwise should be addressed with due sensitivity
to the facts and a healthy dose of common sense….

[emphasis added]

As the proceeded charges occurred in separate years of assessment (ie, 2009
and 2011), these were separate instances of fraudulent income tax filings
committed by the First Appellant separated by two years. It cannot be said
that the two offences were committed as part of the same transaction.

Application of the sentencing framework to the Second Appellant

86 Next, I turn to consider the Second Appellant’s case, and whether the
sentencing framework had been appropriately applied by the DJ.

87 Based on the amount of tax evaded, which was $79,142.13 for the proceeded s
96(1) ITA charge, the harm caused would be justifiably classified as “Level 2
harm”. I note that the DJ had re-classified the harm caused into “Level 1
harm”, in view of the lack of other harm factors, but conceptually it would be
more appropriate to make such an adjustment at the third step of the
sentencing framework.

88 With regard to the culpability of the Second Appellant, I agree with the DJ
that the Second Appellant’s scheme was unsophisticated, as it essentially
comprised of her asking Lucy to reduce the actual sales figures of either FCC
or YHFT to below the $1 million threshold in order to avoid GST registration.
No other subterfuge was employed to disguise her scheme.

89 However, I find difficulty agreeing with the DJ’s finding that the primary
aim of the scheme was not for the Second Appellant to personally benefit from
income tax fraud but to benefit her businesses instead. While the act of
evading income tax was inextricably linked to the lowering of FCC’s and YHFT’s
sales income in order to avoid GST registration, the Second Appellant was not
prevented from declaring the total income she received for that year of
assessment. It cannot be said that whenever an offender commits an offence
under s 96(1)(b) of the ITA in consequence of having committed another tax
offence, his culpability is reduced just because his primary intention was not
to evade paying income tax.

90 Notwithstanding, I agree that at the first step of the sentencing
framework, the Second Appellant’s culpability was low. However, in light of my
finding that the harm caused was pegged at “Level 2 harm”, the applicable
indicative sentencing range lay between six to 12 months’ imprisonment. At the
third step of the sentencing framework, in light of the absence of other harm
factors and the fact that the amount of tax evaded (ie, $79,142.13) lay just
between the two levels of harm, the DJ was not wrong to have exercised his
discretion to adjust the indicative starting sentence substantially downwards
to 16 weeks’ imprisonment, bearing in mind that the categories set out in the
sentencing matrix should not be regarded as “rigid or impermeable” (see Edwin
at [22] and my observations to a similar effect in Public Prosecutor v Tan
Thian Earn [2016] 3 SLR 269 at [32]).

91 At the fourth step, I agree with the aggravating factor identified by the
DJ, which is the additional charge under s 96(1) of the ITA being taken into
consideration for the purposes of sentencing. The tax evaded amounted to
$7,654.46. The DJ however also gave full consideration to the mitigating
factors, namely her early plea of guilt and cooperation during the
investigations and emphasised the fact that full restitution had been made.

92 With regard to the Second Appellant’s contention that the DJ had failed to
consider the Second Appellant’s personal circumstances, I am of the view that
this submission is unmeritorious. The DJ had given due consideration to the
Second Appellant’s personal circumstances and found that they did not warrant
a further discount on the sentence. I am in agreement with the DJ on this
point. The case of Tan Kiam Peng v Public Prosecutor [2008] 1 SLR 1 submitted
by the Second Appellant is clearly distinguishable as the Second Appellant’s
personal circumstances did not create a dire and exceptional situation which
compelled her to commit the offences.

93 Finally, at the fifth step, as only one charge was proceeded with in the
case of the Second Appellant, there is no need to adjust the sentence of ten
weeks’ imprisonment on the basis of the totality principle. Overall, I do not
see the need to disturb the sentence, though I do agree with the Prosecution
that the sentence would appear to have been slightly lenient.

Conclusion

94 For the foregoing reasons, I am of the view that the individual and
aggregate sentences in respect of both appellants are not manifestly
excessive. Accordingly, I dismiss both appeals. I would like to convey my
appreciation to the amicus curiae for diligently preparing an objective,
detailed and comprehensive analysis from which I derived considerable
assistance.

See Kee Oon J  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Koh Weijin, Leon and Tay Xi Ying (N S Kang) for the Appellant in MA 9758/2020;

Tan Tse Chia Patrick, Andrew Wong Wei Kiat, Yip Jian Yang and Caitlyn Wee
(Fortis Law Corporation) for the Appellant in MA 9768/2020;

Christopher Ong, Tan Zhi Hao and Charis Low (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for
the Respondent;

Kok Yee Keong (Harry Elias Partnership LLP) as amicus curiae.

Annex A

First Appellant’s suggested sentencing matrix

HarmCulpability| Level 1 Harm (Unreported Income/ Reported Income  
Up to 5X) | Level 2 Harm (Unreported Income/ Reported Income   
5X to 10X)| Level 3 Harm (Unreported Income/ Reported Income  
10X and Up)  
---|---|---|---  
Low Culpability | Fine or up to 6 months’ imprisonment| 6 to 12 months’ imprisonment| 12 to 18 months’ imprisonment  
Moderate Culpability | 6 to 12 months’ imprisonment| 12 to 18 months’ imprisonment| 18 to 24 months’ imprisonment  
High Culpability | 12 to 18 months’ imprisonment| 18 to 24 months’ imprisonment| 24 to 36 months’ imprisonment  
  
Annex B

Second Appellant’s suggested sentencing matrix

HarmCulpability| Level 1 Harm (100% Restitution of Taxes Evaded Made) | Level 2 Harm (Up to 50% Restitution of Taxes Evaded Made)| Level 3 Harm (0% Restitution of Taxes Evaded Made)  
---|---|---|---  
Low Culpability | Fine or up to 6 months’ imprisonment| 3 to 12 months’ imprisonment| 9 to 16 months’ imprisonment  
Moderate Culpability | 6 to 12 months’ imprisonment| 9 to 18 months’ imprisonment| 15 to 24 months’ imprisonment  
High Culpability | 12 to 18 months’ imprisonment| 15 to 24 months’ imprisonment| 21 to 36 months’ imprisonment  
  
![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 10 Jun 2021 (13:55 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

