Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC 63

Suit No 1298 of 2018

Between

| Vim Engineering Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| Deluge Fire Protection (SEA) Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

grounds of decision

[Building and Construction Law] — [Building and construction contracts]

[Building and Construction Law] — [Scope of works] — [Variations]

[Building and Construction Law] — [Quantum meruit]

[Building and Construction Law] — [Damages]

[Evidence] — [Admissibility of evidence] — [Hearsay]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Vim Engineering Pte Ltd

  
v

  

Deluge Fire Protection (SEA) Pte Ltd

[2021] SGHC 63

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 1298 of 2018  
Andre Maniam JC  
30 June, 1- 3, 7- 9 July 2020, 9 February 2021

22 March 2021

Andre Maniam JC:

Introduction

1 Where a construction contract stipulates that variation works shall be
carried out only with written instructions from a designated person, can a
contractor nevertheless get paid on his variation claims because he trusted
that he would be paid notwithstanding what the contract said? The contractor
(“Vim”) argued that “a gentleman’s word is his bond”, 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions (“PCS”) at para 6.

and so its employer (“Deluge”) should pay for variation works that had been
orally requested, although the contract between the parties stipulated that
variation works shall be carried out only with written instructions from
Deluge’s project manager (and there were no such written instructions).

2 After reserving my decision, I gave judgment substantially in favour of
Deluge, with oral grounds. Vim has appealed and these are my written grounds
of decision.

The parties

3 The defendant, Deluge, was a subcontractor of Samsung C&T Corporation
(“SCT”), the main contractor for a building and construction project. Deluge
in turn subcontracted certain plumbing and sanitary works for part of the
project to the plaintiff, Vim (the “Subcontract”).

Vim left the site before the main works were completed, and before the end of
the defects liability period

4 On 5 February 2018, Vim left the project site, and did not do any further
work there. This was after the temporary occupation permit (“TOP”) was
obtained on 20 October 2017, but before the end of the defects liability
period (“DLP”) which ran for 12 months from the date the TOP was obtained.

Vim’s claims

5 Vim’s Subcontract sum was $1,750,000 for its original scope of works (main
works), excluding payment for any variations. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Statement of Claim (“SOC”) at para 1.

Vim pleaded that a balance payment of $458,772.85 was due to it for the main
works. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

SOC at para 1.

It claimed a further $697,130.58 for alleged variation works. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

SOC at para 3.

Vim thus claimed a total of $1,155,903.43; 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

SOC at para 18.

alternatively, it claimed a fair and reasonable sum based on quantum meruit. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

SOC at para 18.

6 It was common ground that the value of the main works when Vim left the site
was $1,742,537.74, ie, $7,462.26 less than Vim’s Subcontract sum of
$1,750,000. $7,462.26 was reflected as an omission from the Subcontract sum in
Vim’s revised final progress claim, which was sent to Deluge by email on 2
June 2018. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief of Muruganandham Mathi Selvan (“Mr Anand’s
AEIC”) at pp 2154 and 2157.

Deluge’s counterclaims

7 Deluge said that it incurred costs of $7,200 in completing the remaining
main works (which was less than the $7,462.26 contractual value of those
remaining works), 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Defence & Counterclaim (Amendment No. 1) (“D&CC”) at para 20.

and a further $105,300 in attending to rectification works during the balance
of the DLP, after Vim left the site. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

D&CC at para 21.

These costs, totalling $112,500, exceeded the balance Subcontract sum of
$7,462.26 by $105,037.74. Deluge thus asserts a set-off and counterclaim for
that sum of $105,037.74. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

D&CC at paras 22-23.

8 Deluge also claimed against Vim for back-charges (which Vim disputed) for:
11

##### Foot Note 11

×

D&CC at paras 12-19 and 53.

(a) supply of manpower by Deluge to complete Vim’s works (due to shortage of
manpower provided by Vim and/or the failure of Vim to complete its works);

(b) corresponding back-charges from SCT to Deluge for supply of manpower to
complete works within the scope of Vim’s Subcontract due to shortage of
manpower provided by Vim and/or the failure of Vim to complete its works; and

(c) penalties imposed by SCT on Deluge for health and safety infractions
attributable to Vim.

9 Back-charges amounting to $116,722.93 were incorporated into Deluge’s
payment certificates 10, 13, 14 and 15 (as deductions). 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

D&CC at paras 15-16; Agreed Bundle of Documents (“ABOD”) at pp 927, 2221, 2501
and 2837.

Deluge asserted a set-off and counterclaim in respect of a further $870,507.09
comprised in its back-charge invoices 16A, 17, 18 and 19. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

D&CC at paras 17-19; ABOD at pp 2799, 3404, 4238 and 4471.

Issues

10 I address the following in turn:

(a) what did Deluge pay Vim for the main works?

(b) Vim’s variation claims;

(c) Deluge’s claim for costs incurred in completing Vim’s works; and

(d) Deluge’s claim for back-charges and/or damages.

What did Deluge pay Vim for the main works?

11 The following was common ground:

(a) When Vim left the site, the value of the main works completed was
$1,742,537.74. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

D&CC at para 10; SOC at para 1.

(b) Deluge’s payment certification was based on the main works being valued at
$1,742,537.74 as aforesaid, but Deluge deducted $116,722.83 in back-charges.

(c) Vim issued invoices for the sums certified by Deluge, which Deluge paid.

(d) Deluge had paid Vim $1,302,549.13 (which included payment for materials
purchased by Vim). 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Defendant’s Further Submissions (“DFS”) at para 4.

12 A range of figures was provided for what Deluge had paid (or certified in
favour of) Vim for the main works:

(a) according to Vim, Deluge had paid $1,283,764.89, and so Vim pleaded that
$458,772.85 was still due for the main works; 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

SOC at paras 1, 10 and 18.

(b) according to Deluge, it had paid $1,288,624.80; 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

D&CC at para 6.

(c) according to Deluge, it had certified $1,292,997.37; 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

D&CC at para 7.

and

(d) according to Deluge’s written submissions, it had certified and paid
$1,293,104.90. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions (“DCS”) at paras 25-27.

13 I invited further submissions from the parties on this point. In response:

(a) Vim put forward yet another figure: that Deluge had paid $1,291,987.72 (on
the basis that Deluge had paid $10,561.41 for materials); 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Plaintiffs’ Further Submissions (“PFS”) at para 3.

and

(b) Deluge said it had paid $1,288,624.80 (see [12(b)] above, ie, what was
pleaded in its Defence and Counterclaim) 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

D&CC at para 6.

– Deluge said it had paid $13,924.33 for materials. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

DFS at para 5.

14 Vim’s figure of $1,291,987.72 meant that it was claiming from Deluge
$450,550.02 as balance payment, 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

PFS at para 3.

down from $458,772.85 as pleaded (see [5] above).

15 I accepted Deluge’s explanation that there were clerical errors in the
certification process, which led to incorrect figures being certified for
payment, and that the correct figure for what Deluge paid Vim for the main
works is $1,288,624.80. That is less than Vim’s figure of $1,291,987.72, so
more is due to Vim as balance payment for the main works (and I would expect
Vim to have no complaint about this).

16 The value of the main works up to the point Vim left the site was
$1,742,537.74 (see [11(a)] above), and accordingly there is a difference of
$453,912.94, ie, $1,742,537.74 - $1,288,624.80.

17 That, Deluge contended, was offset by: (a) the net sum of $105,037.74 which
Deluge incurred in completing Vim’s works as described in [7] above (after
giving credit for the $7,462.26 balance of the Subcontract sum); 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

D&CC at para 11(b).

(b) initial back-charges amounting to $116,722.93 (see [9] above); 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

D&CC at paras 15-16.

and (c) further back-charges of $870,507.09 (see [9] above). 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

D&CC at paras 11(a) and 17-19.

Vim’s variation claims

18 Clause 16 of the Subcontract provides that “[a]ny variation work such as
[additions] or [omissions] or [modifications], shall be on a back-to-back
basis with the Main Contract. Such variation shall be carried out only with
written [instructions] from [Deluge’s] Project Manager … [Vim] shall be
entitled to ninety percent (90%) … or shall allow a discount of 10% (Profit &
Attendance) for [Deluge], on any approved variation claim for additional work
orders” [emphasis added]. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

ABOD at p 231.

19 I found that Vim’s variation claims failed because: (a) there were no
written instructions from Deluge’s project manager as required under the
Subcontract; 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

DCS at paras 78-87 and 101-108.

and (b) there was no waiver or estoppel in this regard. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

DCS at paras 71–77 and 234–250.

The lack of written instructions from Deluge’s project manager

20 The need to comply with contractual conditions for variation claims was
emphasised in Mansource Interior Pte Ltd v CSG Group Pte Ltd [2017] 5 SLR 203
(“Mansource v CSG”). In that case, the court dismissed the variation claims
although certain variation works had been carried out pursuant to verbal
instructions (see Mansource v CSG at [94]). The contract had contained an
express term precluding variation claims save for variation works authorised
and approved by the main contractor (Mansource v CSG at [7]). It was
undisputed that the main contractor had not authorised or approved any of the
variation works for which the subcontractor claimed payment. Accordingly, the
contractual conditions for a successful variation claim were not satisfied
(Mansource v CSG at [101]).

21 The same reasoning applied here: the Subcontract expressly provides that
variation works shall be carried out only with written instructions from
Deluge’s Project Manager.

22 Vim did not plead that it had any written instructions to support its
variation claims; instead, it asserted that Deluge was estopped from denying
its claims because Deluge allegedly: 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Reply and Defence to Counterclaim (Amendment No. 1) dated 3 September 2019
(“Reply”) at para 33; SOC at paras 11-16.

(a) waived the requirement for “written instructions”;

(b) verbally instructed Vim to carry out the variation works;

(c) assured and/or represented to Vim that Deluge will pay the claim for
variation works (and what was outstanding under the Subcontract for the main
works); and/or

(d) accepted Vim’s invoices for variation works by signing on them.

23 Both of Vim’s witnesses, Arun Meyyappan (“Mr Arun”) and Muruganandham Mathi
Selvan (“Mr Anand”), admitted on the stand that Vim did not have written
instructions for the alleged variations works that it was claiming payment
for. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Transcript, 30 June 2020, p 45 lines 25-32; p 46 line 1; 1 July 2020, p 47
lines 5-20.

Likewise, Deluge’s project manager Veeraiah Nagasundarapandian (“Mr Sundar”)
denied having issued any such written instructions. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief of Veeraiah Nagasundarapandian (“Mr Sundar’s
AEIC”) at paras 44–61.

24 Initially, Vim thus seemed to accept that it did not have written
instructions from Deluge’s project manager, but it belatedly tried to say that
for some of the variation claims, it had received drawings from SCT which
constituted the necessary written instructions. However, what clause 16 of the
Subcontract requires is written instructions from Deluge’s project manager,
not from SCT.

25 Vim had, moreover, not pleaded that those drawings were written
instructions for the purposes of its variation claims, and its witnesses
admitted that there were no such written instructions (see [23] above).

26 Further, of the 49 purported variation works for which Vim claimed payment,
only six involved any shop drawings: UIC/DE/002, 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

ABOD at pp 2946 and 2948.

UIC/DE/005, 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

ABOD at pp 2982 and 3022-3025.

UIC/DE/006, 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

ABOD at pp 3026, 3064, 3067, 3074, 3083-3087.

UIC/DE/008, 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

ABOD at pp 3091-3092.

UIC/DE/016, 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

ABOD at pp 3184 and 3188-3193.

UIC/DE/018. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

ABOD at pp 3219 and 3223-3234.

27 I was not satisfied that any of these six claims involved written
instructions for variation works, let alone written instructions from Deluge’s
project manager:

(a) the drawing for UIC/DE/002, dated 6 January 2016, predates the Subcontract
(dated 2 August 2016) and would not involve a variation of what Vim contracted
to do;

(b) the drawings for UIC/DE/005 and UIC/DE/006 have references to
rectification, and rectification of Vim’s defective work would not be a
variation;

(c) the drawings for UIC/DE/008, UIC/DE/016 and UIC/DE/018 were not explained
by Vim in evidence.

28 I found that there were no written instructions from Deluge’s project
manager for the purpose of variation works and variation claims under clause
16 of the Subcontract. Accordingly, the contractual conditions for a
successful variation claim by Vim were not satisfied.

Was there waiver or estoppel?

29 Vim asserted that, notwithstanding the lack of written instructions from
Deluge’s project manager, Deluge has waived this requirement, or is estopped
from relying on it (see [22] above).

30 I found that there was no such waiver or estoppel.

31 Vim asserted that it acted on verbal instructions; but that, in itself,
cannot amount to a waiver or estoppel in relation to a contractual clause
requiring written instructions (ie, clause 16 of the Subcontract). The alleged
giving of verbal instructions simply means that the contractual requirement of
written instructions has not been complied with.

32 Vim argued that “a gentleman’s word is his bond” and so Deluge should pay
notwithstanding the lack of written instructions. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

PCS at para 6.

In the first place, however, Vim gave its word, as embodied in clause 16 of
the Subcontract, that it would only carry out variation works with written
instructions from Deluge’s project manager. In not paying for alleged
variation works carried out without such written instructions, Deluge was
simply honouring what parties had contractually agreed to in clause 16 of the
Subcontract.

33 Vim pleaded that it trusted that Deluge would pay, 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

PCS at para 5.

but that does not avail Vim. Given that Vim contracted on the basis that it
would only carry out variation work with written instructions from Deluge’s
project manager, it should have expected its variation claims to be rejected
for the lack of such instructions. If Vim truly trusted Deluge to pay it
nevertheless (which I am not persuaded of), that trust was truly misplaced.

34 Vim also relied on the signatures of Mr Sundar and Mr Manickam Tamilarasan
(“Mr Tamil”), Deluge’s project manager and Mr Sundar’s subordinate, on various
purported variation works invoices, to say that Deluge thereby accepted that
Vim had carried out variation works, and that Deluge would pay for them. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

PCS at para 12.

I rejected this.

35 I accepted the evidence of Mr Tamil and Mr Sundar that they were simply
acknowledging that the works in question had been carried out, and not that
those works were variation works or that Vim would be paid for them. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief of Manickam Tamilarasan (“Mr Tamil’s AEIC”) at
para 65; Mr Sundar’s AEIC at para 49; Transcript, 7 July 2020, p 38 lines
27-31; p 39 lines 1- 3; 8 July 2020, p 65 lines 18-20, p 67 lines 9 and 11, p
76 lines 24-25.

Moreover, Mr Sundar had, on all the acknowledgment pages signed by him, added
a comment to this effect: “[w]e will submit to SCT accordingly. Upon approval
respond to [Vim]”. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

ABOD pp 3350, 3352, 3355, 3357, 3359, 3361, 3363 and 3365.

That does not mean Mr Sundar acknowledged that variation works had been done
by Vim for which Vim should be paid. To the contrary, Mr Sundar was saying
that the claims would be submitted to SCT for approval, and he would let Vim
know the outcome of that. At most, Mr Sundar was saying that if SCT were to
approve and pay Deluge for those claims, Deluge would in turn pay Vim. There
was, however, no evidence that SCT approved or paid Deluge for any of Vim’s
variation claims.

36 In any event, I found that neither Mr Sundar himself nor Mr Tamil (who was
Mr Sundar’s subordinate) had the authority to waive the requirement of written
instructions under clause 16 of the Subcontract.

37 The requirement of written instructions from a designated person serves
various objectives. First, it provides for a written record, thus obviating
disputes as to what was allegedly said (which happened in the present case).
Second, it focuses the parties’ attention, at the time, on whether in
principle there may be an adjustment to the contract sum. If, without written
instructions, Vim proceeded to do work that it considered to be a variation,
it did so at its own risk. As a corollary, if there had been written
instructions from Deluge’s project manager, Deluge would be recognising that –
in principle – Vim might get additional payment. Firming up the parties’
positions contemporaneously as to whether variation works are involved is
better than fighting about it in court (and in hindsight) long after the
project.

38 These objectives would be defeated if the designated person (or his
subordinate) could dispense with written instructions, which the parties had
contractually stipulated for.

39 Vim however said that a director of Deluge, Mr Tan Ann Kiong (“Mr AK Tan”),
had promised that Vim would be paid. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

SOC at para 12.

What did Mr AK Tan supposedly promise Vim? As pleaded, it was just that Vim
would be paid “upon Deluge receiving payment from SCT”. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

SOC at para 12.

In conjunction with that, Vim pleaded that Deluge had been paid by SCT (in
respect of Vim’s variation claims) but had refused to pay Vim in turn. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

SOC at para 12.

But Vim had no evidence of this.

40 In its particulars, Vim put the alleged promise by Mr AK Tan in a more
extreme form: that Deluge “will settle all outstanding [amounts] claimed by
Vim”. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Plaintiff’s Further and Better Particulars dated 29 Jan 2019 (“Plaintiff’s
FBP”) at paras 11 and 18.

Mr AK Tan is said to have promised this on various occasions or during various
meetings, specifically at meetings in October 2017, May 2018, and September
2018. Vim’s particulars of this representation were however internally
inconsistent: on the one hand, Vim says that Mr AK Tan attended those meetings
with Deluge’s contract officer (Joey Teng) and contract manager (Vince Tho);
48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Plaintiff’s FBP at para 11.

on the other hand, Vim says that Mr AK Tan attended those meetings with Mr
Sundar instead. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Plaintiff’s FBP at para 18.

41 It made no commercial sense for Deluge to have promised to pay Vim on its
variation claims, regardless of whether they were accepted and paid for by
SCT. Vim had been sending invoices for variation claims since 6 April 2017
when it emailed to Deluge the first six such invoices (all dated 27 March
2017). 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

ABOD at pp 1587–1700.

Vim continued sending variation claim invoices until those dated 2 October
2017, in conjunction with progress claim 19. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

ABOD at p 4266

Up until then, Deluge did not certify any of the variation claim invoices for
payment. Instead, Deluge had been deducting back-charges, starting from its
email of 23 February 2017 enclosing payment certificate 10 and its first four
back-charge invoices all dated 10 February 2017. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

ABOD at pp 926–957.

On 3 October 2017, Deluge sent Vim payment certificate 17 with back-charges of
over $800,000. That certified payment of a negative amount of $694,674,78. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

ABOD at p 3392.

42 Given that history, it was incongruous and unlikely for Deluge to have done
a U-turn in October 2017 and promised to pay Vim “all outstanding [amounts]
claimed by Vim”. By that time, Deluge and SCT had both carried out certain
works within Vim’s scope on account of defects and delays. The TOP was then
obtained on 20 October 2017. The evidence did not support an inference that in
October 2017, Deluge was prepared to pay Vim hundreds of thousands of dollars
to secure Vim’s cooperation on the verge of the TOP being obtained, or after
the TOP was obtained.

43 It made even less sense that in May and September 2018 (after Vim had left
the site in February 2018 while the DLP was still running), Deluge would make
any promises of payment to Vim.

44 There was nothing in writing, whether in an email, a WhatsApp message, or
otherwise, recording Mr AK Tan’s alleged promise to pay Vim. Given the
significance of the promise, one would have expected Vim to put it in writing.
Vim’s excuse for not doing so was that it had trusted Deluge. This was a
hollow excuse given that Vim left the site in February 2018, without the main
works having been completed, and it did not return to attend to any
rectification of defects thereafter (although the DLP had not ended). On Vim’s
case, by the time Mr AK Tan promised in September 2018 that Deluge would pay
Vim, this was at least the third time he was promising this (after promising
the same at meetings in October 2017 and May 2018) - almost a year had passed,
and Deluge had not made any payment to Vim. It was unbelievable that in
September 2018, Vim still trusted Deluge to honour these promises and so chose
not to put them in writing.

45 In Vim’s lawyers’ letter of demand dated 4 October 2018, there was no
mention of Deluge having made any promises of payment. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

ABOD at p 4563.

In December 2018, Vim sued Deluge and asserted for the first time that there
were such promises (albeit only on the basis that Deluge would pay Vim if SCT
paid Deluge).

46 I accepted Mr AK Tan’s evidence that there was a meeting in October 2017,
and that he did not promise then (or ever) that Deluge would pay Vim its
variation claims. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief of Tan Ann Kiong (“Mr AK Tan’s AEIC”) at paras
22(a)-(d); Transcript, 9 July 2020, p 84 lines 10-29; p 86 lines 27-32; p 87
lines 1-19.

47 I was reinforced in my conclusion by the fact that one Velumani (“Mr Mani”)
– identified by Vim as one of its two representatives at the meetings – was
not called by Vim as a witness (see further [54] below). Vim only had the
evidence of Mr Anand, which I did not accept.

48 In all the circumstances, there was no waiver or estoppel in relation to
the requirement for written instructions from Deluge’s project manager for
variation works (and claims) in clause 16 of the Subcontract.

49 With my findings above, I dismissed Vim’s variation claims.

Other issues concerning Vim’s variation claims

50 I made the following observations on the nature, and quantification, of
Vim’s variations claims.

Were the alleged variation works truly “variations”, or just afterthoughts?

51 I do not need to specifically find which of Vim’s variation claims (if any)
concerned true “variations”, ie, work done at Deluge’s request, beyond the
scope of Vim’s main works. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

D&CC at para 28; DCS at paras 65–70.

I would, however, observe that one reason for having a clause which stipulates
that variation works are only to be carried out with written instructions from
a designated person, is to avoid precisely this kind of a dispute.

52 Moreover, Vim’s witnesses (Mr Arun and Mr Anand) were not well placed to
testify from their own personal knowledge as to any oral instructions given
for variation works to be carried out.

53 Mr Arun admitted that he did not attend site meetings or go to the site; he
did not have personal knowledge of what happened there – he would learn about
that from his colleagues, principally Mr Mani. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Transcript, 30 June 2020, p 22 lines 26-32; p 23 lines 1-6.

Mr Anand said he would be on site for a while in the morning, about four days
a week, before leaving for his other job. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Transcript, 1 July 2020, p 9 lines 6-27.

54 As I noted above (at [47]), Mr Mani was not called as a witness. This was
despite Mr Anand saying that Mr Mani “[was] often present at the site during
the [p]roject” 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Mr Anand’s AEIC at para 19.

and him agreeing that Mr Mani was “the man who was really in charge of the
project.” 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Transcript, 1 July 2020, p 32 lines 7-9.

55 If Mr Arun and Mr Anand were relying on what they had heard from Mr Mani or
others on site, that was hearsay.

56 I would further observe that the variation invoices appeared to have been a
reaction to Deluge levying back-charges (see [41] above). Indeed, the invoices
for variation claims 27 and 36 to 47 were only provided after proceedings had
commenced, in conjunction with the provision of particulars. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

D&CC at para 26; Reply at para 30; Transcript, 30 June 2020, p 58 lines 9-32;
p 59 lines 1-10.

None of those late invoices bears Mr Sundar’s signature, and it was not put to
him that he had received them before proceedings were commenced.

Were Vim’s variation claims excessive?

57 Likewise, I did not need to find if Vim’s variation claims (which I have
dismissed) were in any event excessive, as Deluge contended. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

DCS at paras 133–150 and Annex A.

58 I did, however, accept that Vim did not quantify its variation claims in
accordance with the Subcontract.

59 Clause 16 of the Subcontract provides that “[Vim] shall be entitled to
ninety percent (90%) … or shall allow a discount of 10% (Profit & Attendance)
for [Deluge], on any approved variation claim for additional work orders”. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

ABOD at p 231.

60 Besides there being no approved variation claims for additional work orders
to begin with, Vim did not give Deluge the stipulated 10% discount. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Transcript, 30 June 2020, p 56 lines 31-32; p 57 lines 1-6.

Instead, Vim compounded its non-compliance with clause 16 of the Subcontract
by adding on a 15% admin charge, that it was not entitled to. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Transcript, 30 June 2020, p 57 lines 7-20.

61 Vim also claimed payment with reference to an email dated 31 May 2017 by
Susan Ngu (“Ms Ngu”) (Deluge’s quantity surveyor), 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

ABOD at p 2263.

characterising that as an agreed schedule of rates. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

PCS at para 18.

Ms Ngu’s email was not an agreed schedule of rates – it was sent to Vim “for
[Vim’s] reference only”. Vim had already sent its rates to Deluge on 14 July
2016 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

ABOD at p 84.

but it did not use those in claiming payment for variations.

Quantum meruit

62 Vim pleaded that Deluge had received and accepted its variation works and
further that Deluge had been paid for the same by SCT. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

SOC at para 17.

However, Vim had no evidence that Deluge had received any additional payment
from SCT for what Vim claimed were variation works. On the evidence before the
court, Deluge was not unjustly enriched, bearing in mind that the Subcontract
stipulated in clause 16 that variation works shall be carried out only with
written instructions from Deluge’s project manager, and if Vim had in fact
performed any variation works, it did so contrary to clause 16. Accordingly, I
dismissed Vim’s quantum meruit claim.

Costs incurred by Deluge in completing Vim’s works

63 I accepted that Deluge incurred costs in completing Vim’s works, which
Deluge is entitled to counterclaim and set-off against what may be due to Vim.

64 It was common ground that a small amount of main works was not completed by
Vim, contractually valued at $7,462.26 (see [6] above). Deluge incurred a
lesser sum of $7,200 finishing up those works, 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief of Mr Cheo Hwee Kwang (“Mr Cheo’s AEIC”) at
para 119.

and indeed gave credit to Vim for the cost savings of $262.26. I allowed this
claim by Deluge.

65 Deluge also claimed $105,300 for rectification of defects during the
balance of the DLP after Vim left the site. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Mr Cheo’s AEIC at para 120.

Deluge assigned one supervisor and two workers for that purpose, 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Mr Cheo’s AEIC at para 120.

which I accepted as reasonable.

66 Accordingly, for completing Vim’s works I found that Deluge had a good
counterclaim and set-off in the sum of $105,037.74, ie $7,200 – $7,462.26 +
$105,300.

Deluge’s claim for back-charges and/or damages

Contractual provisions

67 Clause 19 of the Subcontract (on “Back-Charge”) provides as follows: 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

ABOD at p 231.

19.1 If, under the provisions of this Subcontract, [Vim] is notified by
[Deluge] to correct defective or non-conforming Subcontract works, or to
perform Subcontract works in accordance with (and so as to comply with) the
Subcontract’s Programme, and [Vim] states or, by its actions, indicates that
it is unable or unwilling to proceed with the Subcontract works or corrective
action or otherwise fails to do so in a reasonable time, [Deluge] may, upon
written notice, perform or procure the performance of the redesign, repair,
rework or replacement of nonconforming or non-performed Subcontract works by
any reasonable means available at [Vim’s] cost including any cost for
supervision and/or overhead.

19.2 [Deluge] will notify [Vim] of any work performed or procured by it
pursuant to [Clause 19.1]. The performance or procurement of such work by the
[Deluge] shall not relieve the [Vim] of any of its responsibilities under the
Subcontract including, but not limited to, express or implied warranties,
specified standards for quality, contractual liabilities and indemnifications
and [Deluge’s] Programme.

19.3 If at any time [Deluge] performs or procures the performance of work
pursuant to [Clause 19.1], [Deluge] shall have the right to retain, deduct,
withhold or set-off the cost thereof from any payment to be made by [Deluge]
to [Vim] or otherwise claim such amount from [Vim] without the need for a
notice or an order of a court or tribunal sanctioning the intent of any such
notice.

68 Further, clause 21 of the Subcontract (on “Delay and Liquidated Damages”)
provides as follows: 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

ABOD at p 232.

[Vim] shall perform all its obligations stated in this Subcontract and shall
be liable for any delay in the completion of the services which are due to
[Vim’s] negligence or fault.

If the completion of services is likely to cause a delay, [Deluge] is entitled
to take all necessary actions to mitigate the delay in the delivery or
completion of services at [Vim’s] cost. …

In the event of any delay due to [Vim’s] own fault, [Vim] is required to
reimburse [Deluge] all losses, damages and expenses incurred because of the
delay cause solely by [Vim].

Vim did not accept Deluge’s back-charges

69 Deluge contended that Vim had accepted the first $116,722.93 in back-
charges, because Vim only invoiced for the amounts that Deluge certified
(after Deluge had deducted those back-charges), and moreover Vim had not
commenced proceedings under the Building and Construction Industry Security of
Payment Act (Chapter 30B, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the SOPA”). 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

DCS at paras 28–53.

I did not agree with Deluge on this.

70 First, notwithstanding Deluge’s deduction of back-charges, Vim’s subsequent
progress claims sought payment for the full value of Vim’s main works, and
also variation claims. In invoicing only for the amounts certified by Deluge,
Vim was not accepting that Deluge was correct to deduct back-charges. It was
simply invoicing the amounts that Deluge indicated it would pay (which Deluge
then paid).

71 Second, the fact that Vim did not make an application under the SOPA is not
an admission that Deluge’s deduction of back-charges was correct. It was up to
Vim whether to make an application under the SOPA, or simply to sue (as Vim
did). In view of the back-charges that Deluge asserted, an application by Vim
under the SOPA might not have resulted in Vim getting any additional payment
on an interim basis.

72 The question remained whether Deluge was entitled to the back-charges.

Deluge’s case on back-charges

73 Deluge supported its claim for back-charges by the evidence of its
witnesses, 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Mr Tamil’s AEIC at paras 82–101; Mr Sundar’s AEIC at paras 29–43; Mr Cheo’s
AEIC at paras 49–54 and 113–116.

documents, and submissions, albeit that Deluge’s written submissions were
focused on its later back-charges, totalling $870,507.09. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

DCS at para 168; also see [9] above.

74 In Vim’s pleadings, it denied liability for the back-charges, and put
Deluge to strict proof of them; 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Reply at para 13.

Vim also asserted that Deluge had not given notice as required under clause 19
of the Subcontract. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

Reply at paras 19-28.

75 The evidence shows that there were delays and defects in Vim’s works, about
which there were various SCT site memoranda. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

DCS at para 172.

76 Based on the evidence of Mr Tamil and Deluge’s submissions, I accepted that
Vim would have needed some 80 or more workers on site per day to carry out its
works successfully; but the evidence showed that Vim never had more than 53
workers present on any one day, and on average only 27 workers were there per
day. This was borne out by the daily toolbox meeting attendance records of
Vim’s workers (including third party “supply workers”). 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Defendant’s Supplementary Bundle of Documents (“DSBD”); Transcript, 2 July
2020, p 4 lines 2-7.

77 Further, it was questionable whether Vim’s workers (and especially the
supply workers it used to supplement its own workforce) had certificates
issued by the Building and Construction Authority for plumbing and pipe
fitting. In particular, the supply workers were likely general labour rather
than skilled in the specific tasks Vim had contracted with Deluge to carry out
under the Subcontract.

78 Vim also placed orders for materials on very short notice, even for items
that Vim itself was expected to provide.

79 The delays and defects culminated in two site meetings with SCT, where Vim
was informed that SCT would mobilise workers if the situation did not improve.

80 There was a site meeting on 21 December 2016 which was attended by Vim’s Mr
Manikandan and Mr Mani, and Deluge’s Mr Tamil. The minutes record: 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

ABOD at p 710.

Deluge [plumbing and sanitary] to catch up progress [sic] within [two] weeks
[by] [4th Jan 2017].

… They agreed that SCT [is to] [mobilise] other party for Residential
[plumbing and sanitary] [works], if they do not catch up progress by [4th Jan
2017].

81 There was then a meeting on 3 February 2017 attended by Vim’s Mr Manikandan
and Mr Anand, and Deluge’s representatives including Mr Tamil. A site
memorandum from SCT about that meeting records the following: 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

ABOD at p 3591.

1\. Deluge take note and committed to improve site work progress and
supervision for [plumbing and sanitary] works as highlighted by SCT of the
following during meeting:

I) Unit Ceiling Clearance for lower stack are delayed for more than [two]
weeks based on revised schedule due to pipe was installed wrongly [sic].

II) SCT also noted one of the reasons for [Deluge’s] work delay is due to lack
of manpower and supervision.

III) SCT highlighted that SCT with no other alternative had to [mobilise] our
workforce to rectify [Deluge’s] faulty pipe installation and to catch up delay
work which had caused “bottle neck” to other subsequent works [sic].

2\. Deluge shall increase the manpower (currently 47) and improve situation to
prevent rework as affected site progress [sic].

3\. Deluge agreed [with] the manpower [mobilised] by SCT working together to
catch up schedule until site progress is stabilising [sic].

[emphasis added]

82 In its minutes and site memoranda, SCT collectively referred to Deluge and
Vim as “Deluge”. Vim knew from the first meeting on 21 December 2016 that on
account of delays in its works, SCT would be placing manpower to attend to
works within Vim’s scope, if the situation did not improve. Vim knew from the
second meeting on 3 February 2017 that SCT had done so. Vim would have
expected SCT to look to Deluge for the costs of doing so, and for Deluge in
turn to look to Vim.

Vim’s reasons for not being liable for back-charges

83 Vim put forward a range of reasons why it should not be held liable for the
back-charges asserted by Deluge.

84 First, Vim suggested that it had not caused any delays or defects. Mr Anand
said “all work was done properly and in a timely manner by [Vim]” 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

Mr Anand’s AEIC at para 16.

and “all our works were always done properly without any delay”. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

Mr Anand’s AEIC at para 28.

In similar vein, Vim suggested that SCT’s workers had “purposely” damaged
Vim’s completed pipe work, 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

Transcript, 30 June 2020, p 51 lines 8-17.

and SCT had “purposely” complained about delays. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

Transcript, 1 July 2020, p 18, lines 7-10;

I rejected this given the evidence of Deluge’s witnesses, which was consistent
with the contemporaneous site memoranda issued by SCT. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

Mr Tamil’s AEIC at paras 82–101; Mr Sundar’s AEIC at paras 29–43; Mr Cheo’s
AEIC at paras 49–54.

It was also absurd to suggest that SCT, the main contractor, had purposely
damaged Vim’s completed work and made up claims to incriminate Vim – this was
not borne out by the evidence.

85 Second, Vim suggested that any delays 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

ABOD at pp 533 and 548.

were caused by Deluge – in delaying the supply of materials or payment to Vim,
90

##### Foot Note 90

×

Transcript, 30 June 2020, p 110 lines 3-15 and 23-29.

or because Mr Tamil did not conduct regular checks on Vim’s works “at least
twice a day or whatever”. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

Transcript, 2 July 2020, p 94 lines 29–32, p 95 lines 1–2.

These allegations were not made out:

(a) The evidence shows that if materials were supplied late, it was because
Vim had ordered the materials late.

(b) Vim did not say that it had delayed its works because of payment issues
(at least not prior to it leaving the site, as it did). Moreover, in relation
to Vim’s progress claims 6 through 11 there were no delays in payment.

(c) Vim had its own project supervisor, Mr Manikandan, and it could not blame
Deluge’s Mr Tamil for not supervising its workers.

86 Third, Vim suggested that any delays and defects were merely “minor”. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

Transcript, 2 July 2020, p 172 lines 16 – 19; 7 July 2020, p 59 lines 12–16, p
83 lines 8–10.

There was nothing in this point: Deluge’s right to levy back-charges was not
dependent on delays and defects being “major” rather than “minor”.

87 Fourth, Vim argued that some of the contemporaneous documentation,
including the following, amounts to hearsay evidence: (a) documents issued by
SCT, such as site memoranda; (b) documents issued by third parties engaged to
complete Vim’s works or rectify defects, such as Systems Engineering &
Resources Pte Ltd (“SER”); and (c) records of attendance of Vim’s workers at
daily toolbox meetings.

88 A basic problem with Vim’s hearsay objection, was that Deluge did not just
have the above documents as evidence of the matters they relate to. Deluge
also had the Affidavits of Evidence-in-Chief and oral testimony of its
witnesses, in particular, Mr Tamil and Mr Sundar, as to what happened in
relation to matters covered by those documents: delays; defects; the manpower
situation on site; meetings; and what Deluge, SCT, and third parties did to
address delays and defects caused by Vim.

89 Further, all these categories of documents which Vim objected to, were in
the nature of business records, for which s 32(1)(b)(iv) of the Evidence Act
(Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed) makes an exception to the hearsay rule. In so far as
Deluge was relying on documents issued by SCT and SER not for the truth of
their contents, but for the fact that those documents were issued, and that
the statements in them were made, that did not offend the hearsay rule in the
first place. Thus, Deluge could rely on the fact that it had sent site
memoranda to Vim, as constituting notice to Vim of what the site memoranda
were about. Deluge could also rely on the documents it received from SER to
support its witnesses’ evidence that Deluge had engaged SER.

90 As for the toolbox records: when they were admitted and marked as trial
exhibits by Deluge’s counsel, Vim’s counsel was asked “[if he had] any issue
with [those] documents being admitted”. He responded that he “[did not] really
have an issue, but [he did not] really see … how [those documents] [were]
going to help [Deluge] in their case”. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

Transcript, 30 June 2020, p 91 lines 8–11.

In the event, the admission of the toolbox records was not objected to, and
neither were their contents.

91 Finally, Vim argued that Deluge had not given written notice as required
under clause 19.1 of the Subcontract. Although Vim sought to distinguish the
case of Mansource v CSG ([20] supra) in relation to the lack of written
instructions to support its variation claims under clause 16 of the
Subcontract, Vim embraced Mansource v CSG as an authority to say that the lack
of written notice under clause 19.1 of the Subcontract was fatal to Deluge’s
claim for back-charges. I disagreed with Vim.

92 Clause 16 and clause 19 are drafted differently. Clause 16 says variation
works “shall be carried out only with written instructions from [Deluge’s]
Project Manager” [emphasis added]. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

ABOD at p 231.

Clause 19, on the other hand, does not say that Deluge can take action to
redress defects and delays in Vim’s works only upon written notice. Clause
19.1 says that “ [Deluge] may, upon written notice, perform or procure the
performance of the redesign, repair, rework or replacement of nonconforming or
non-performed Subcontract works by any reasonable means available at the
[Vim’s] cost” [emphasis added] 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

ABOD at p 231.

and clause 19.3 states that “[Deluge] shall have the right to retain, deduct,
withhold or set-off the cost thereof from any payment to be made by [Deluge]
to [Vim] or otherwise claim such amount from [Vim]”. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

ABOD at p 231.

93 If Deluge acted without written notice to Vim, Deluge could not thereafter
levy a back-charge within clause 19 of the Subcontract. However, clause 19
does not preclude Deluge from claiming against Vim for breach of contract, and
indeed Deluge had (as an alternative to counterclaiming for a specific sum)
sought damages to be assessed. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

D&CC at para 54.

94 Clause 21 of the Subcontract (which contains no requirement of notice or
written notice) stipulates that: 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

ABOD at p 232.

(a) Vim shall be liable for any delay in the completion of the services which
are due to its negligence or fault;

(b) if the completion of services is likely to cause a delay, Deluge is
entitled to take all necessary actions to mitigate the delay at Vim’s cost;
and

(c) in the event of any delay due to Vim’s own fault, Vim is required to
reimburse Deluge all losses, damages and expenses incurred because of the
delay caused solely by Vim.

95 Deluge did not need to rely on clause 19 of the Subcontract to seek damages
for breaches on Vim’s part – Deluge also has clause 21, and its remedies for
breach of contract at general law. Vim, on the other hand, needed clause 16 of
the Subcontract in order to get additional payment for variation works – there
is no general contractual right to be paid for the doing of additional work as
“variations”.

96 In any event, Deluge had given Vim written notice that action would be
taken if Vim did not redress defects and delays in its works. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

DCS at paras 205, 206, 214, 228-229; Defendant’s Reply Submissions (“DRS”) at
para 26; Mr Tamil’s AEIC at para 90; Mr Sundar’s AEIC at para 37.

97 In so far as the back-charges were in respect of manpower placed by SCT
(rather than by Deluge itself), or were for health and safety infractions by
Vim (for which SCT charged Deluge), those fall outside the ambit of clause
19.1 of the Subcontract (which deals with Deluge “[performing] or [procuring]
the performance of the redesign, repair, rework or replacement of
nonconforming or non-performed Subcontract works”). 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

ABOD at p 231.

Accordingly, any lack of written notice from Deluge would not avail Vim for
the SCT-related back-charges. Moreover, in relation to the delays and defects
in its works, Vim was aware of what SCT would do, and had done, from the site
meetings it had attended (see [79]-[81] above), which were then recorded in
minutes and a site memorandum.

98 Vim relied on the fact that when it complained by its email of 20 February
2017 to Deluge about SCT’s supply of manpower for Vim’s scope of works, 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

ABOD at p 880.

Deluge adopted what Vim said and complained to SCT by way of a letter dated 21
February 2017. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

ABOD at p 916.

Vim argued this shows that Deluge agreed that SCT’s back-charges to Deluge
(that were related to the complaints) were unjustified, and consequently
Deluge’s back-charges to Vim were unjustified. I did not accept this.

99 As Deluge’s Mr AK Tan explained, 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

Mr AK Tan’s AEIC at paras 9–16.

Deluge was simply trying to convince SCT not to impose any back-charges;
however, if any back-charges were imposed by SCT against Deluge, Deluge would
have passed on the same to Vim (as Vim was ultimately responsible for the
works in question).

What should Deluge be allowed for back-charges and/or damages?

100 On the evidence, I found that Deluge had substantiated its claims against
Vim in respect of the back-charges asserted and/or damages, save for the 15%
admin charge which Deluge added to some of its back-charge invoices.

101 I note that what Deluge did in performing or procuring the performance of
non-conforming or non-performed works pursuant to clause 19.1 of the
Subcontract is “at [Vim’s] cost including any cost for supervision and/or
overhead” [emphasis added]. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

ABOD at p 231.

However, Deluge’s claims also included what SCT did (rather than what Deluge
did) in supplying manpower in respect of matters that were within Vim’s scope
of works. On the evidence, Deluge did not undertake any supervision of the
manpower supplied by SCT.

102 When Deluge back-charged Vim $1,100 in back-charge invoice 4 for health
and safety infractions that SCT had charged Deluge for, 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

ABOD at p 950.

Deluge did not add a 15% admin charge. However, Deluge’s back-charge invoice
17 included an amount for “safety fine” and another amount for “waste
disposal”, and a 15% admin charge was added to those. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

D&CC at Annex A1.

103 I did not consider it justified for Deluge to add 15% to the back-charges
which SCT imposed on Deluge, in back-charging the same to Vim.

104 As for the manpower which Deluge itself supplied, that already included
the cost of supervisors. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

ABOD at pp 843, 848 and 854.

Deluge did not satisfy me that an additional 15% admin charge should be
allowed as costs for “supervision and/or overhead” allowed under clause 19.1
of the Subcontract. Nothing extra in this regard was claimed by Deluge for
completing Vim’s works (including defect rectification): see [63]–[66] above.
As for third parties engaged by Deluge, Deluge did not substantiate what costs
it incurred by way of supervision and/or overhead.

105 Accordingly, I disallowed the following amounts representing Deluge’s 15%
admin charge: 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

D&CC at para 15.

(a) $1,242 on back-charge invoice 1; 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

ABOD at p 935.

(b) $5,940 on back-charge invoice 2; 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

ABOD at p 939.

(c) $483 on back-charge invoice 3; 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

ABOD at p 944.

(d) $300 on back-charge invoice 5; 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

ABOD at p 1043.

(e) $378.98 on back-charge invoice 8; 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

ABOD at pp 2230 and 2846.

(f) $45 on back-charge invoice 9; 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

ABOD at pp 2231 and 2846.

(g) $168 on back-charge invoice 10; 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

ABOD at pp 2232 and 2846.

(h) $240 on back-charge invoice 11; 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

ABOD at pp 2233 and 2846.

(i) $2,316.26 on back-charge invoice 12; 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

ABOD at pp 2511 and 2846.

(j) $2,244.90 on back-charge invoice 13; 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

ABOD at pp 2405-2408 and 2846.

(k) $619.50 on back-charge invoice 14; 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

ABOD at pp 2217 and 2846.

(l) $1,103.62 on back-charge invoice 15; 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

ABOD at pp 2634 and 2846.

(m) $232.05 on back-charge invoice 16A; 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

ABOD at pp 2799 and 4544.

(n) $93,323.31 on back-charge invoice 17; 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

D&CC at Annex A1.

(o) $3,159 on back-charge invoice 18; 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

ABOD at pp 4238 and 4543.

and

(p) $16,830.04 on back-charge invoice 19. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

D&CC at Annex B1.

106 These amounts totalled $128,625.66. I thus allowed Deluge’s claim for
back-charges and/or damages, as follows: $116,722.93 + $870,507.09 -
128,625.66 = $858,604.36. As mentioned at [66] above, I also allowed Deluge’s
claim for $105,037.74 for completing Vim’s works (including rectification of
defects). The sums of $105,037.74 + $858,604.36 allowed to Deluge were to be
offset against the sum of $453,912.94 mentioned at [16] above, being the value
of main works for which Vim has not been paid.

107 On the basis of the calculations above, a net sum of $105,037.74 +
$858,604.36 - $453,912.94 = $509,729.16 was thus to be paid by Vim to Deluge.

Costs

108 Deluge is the successful party in this lawsuit. Deluge claimed legal costs
of $141,000 and disbursements of $40,100, totalling $181,100. The matter had
been scheduled for eight days of trial, but with the cooperation of the
parties and counsel (for which I am grateful), and longer hearing hours, it
was concluded in seven days (avoiding the matter being part heard, since the
8th day was polling day). There was a substantial volume of documents, a range
of claims on both sides, and several rounds of written closing submissions and
post-trial correspondence. The parties’ costs schedules were submitted at or
around the time of the first round of submissions, and more work was done in
correspondence and submissions thereafter.

109 I considered Deluge’s claim for costs to be reasonable. I was fortified in
this conclusion by Vim’s claim for costs, which was higher both as regards
legal costs, and the total claimed: Vim claimed $166,000 in legal costs and
disbursements of $32,940, totalling $198,940.

110 I thus awarded Deluge costs in the total sum of $181,100, as claimed.

Conclusion

111 I found that Vim was entitled to $453,912.94 as the unpaid value of the
main works. Other than that, I dismissed Vim’s claims.

112 I allowed Deluge’s counterclaims for $105,037.74 for completing Vim’s
works (including rectification of defects), and for $858,604.36 in back-
charges and/or damages. Those amounts were to be set-off against the
$453,912.94 due to Vim for the main works.

113 I thus granted Deluge judgment in the net sum of $509,729.16 together with
costs in the sum of $181,100.

Postscript

114 When I granted judgment, I had relied on Deluge’s back-charges summary for
work done until 31 May 2017 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

ABOD p 2835 at p 2846.

in determining the amounts claimed by Deluge as 15% admin charge in back-
charge invoices 5, and 8 to 15 (see [105(d)] to [105(l)] above). In preparing
these written grounds of decision, however, I noticed that back-charge
invoices 8 and 10 themselves included certain amounts as a 15% admin fee:
$166.50 and $133.23 in back-charge invoice 8, and $52.17 in back-charge
invoice 10. Deluge then claimed a 15% admin charge on the invoiced amounts.
Had I noticed this at the time I gave oral judgment, I would not only have
disallowed the 15% admin charge claimed on the back-charge invoices (see [105]
above), I would also have disallowed the 15% admin charges invoiced in back-
charge invoices 8 and 10, totalling $166.50 + 133.23 + $52.17 = $351.90. The
net sum allowed to Deluge would then have been $509,377.26 instead of
$509,729.16.

Andre Maniam  
Judicial Commissioner

Charan Singh s/o Bantar Singh (Charan & Co) for the plaintiff;

Namazie Mirza Mohamed, Ong Ai Wern (Mallal & Namazie)

for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 22 Mar 2021 (17:35 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

