Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the APPELLATE DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC(A) 21

Civil Appeal No 58 of 2021

Between

| North Star (S) Capital Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

| Yip Fook Meng  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

In the matter of Suit No 1148 of 2017

Between

| North Star (S) Capital Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Megatrucare Pte Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| Yip Fook Meng  
  
… Defendants

And Between

| Yip Fook Meng  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff in counterclaim

And

| North Star (S) Capital Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Defendant in counterclaim

Ex Tempore judgment

[Contract] — [Illegality and public policy] — [Statutory illegality]

[Civil Procedure] — [Pleadings]

[Credit and Security] — [Money and moneylenders] — [Illegal moneylending]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
North Star (S) Capital Pte Ltd

  
v

  

Yip Fook Meng

[2021] SGHC(A) 21

Appellate Division of the High Court — Civil Appeal No 58 of 2021  
Belinda Ang Saw Ean JAD, See Kee Oon J and Chua Lee Ming J  
29 November 2021

29 November 2021

See Kee Oon J (delivering the judgment of the court ex tempore):

1 The present appeal arises from a claim by the appellant, North Star (S)
Capital Pte Ltd, to enforce a loan of $300,000 (the “Loan”) to Megatrucare Pte
Ltd (“Megatrucare”), with the respondent, Mr Yip Fook Meng, as the guarantor
of the Loan.

2 At the second of two meetings on 22 June 2017, the following transactions
were concluded (collectively, the “Transactions”):

(a) a Credit Facility Agreement (the “Loan Agreement”) between the appellant
and Megatrucare for the Loan of $300,000 by the former to the latter;

(b) a personal guarantee (the “Guarantee”) that the respondent signed, in
which he undertook to pay to the appellant, on demand, all sums owing and
payable by Megatrucare under the Loan Agreement; and

(c) a duly executed Letter of Authority (the “LOA”) which assigned to the
appellant $309,000 out of the sale proceeds of the respondent’s property at
106 Rangoon Road (the “Rangoon Road Property”) upon completion of its sale.

3 It was also agreed, inter alia, in the Loan Agreement that:

(a) the interest payable would be at a rate of 3% per month; and

(b) the tenure of the Loan would be one month and repayment of the Loan and
interest was to be made by 27 July 2017.

4 The sale of the Rangoon Road Property was due to be completed on 30 June
2017, a mere eight days after the Loan was granted on 22 June 2017.

5 Megatrucare defaulted on payment of the Loan and had no assets to satisfy
the judgment-in-default of appearance entered against it. The appellant then
sought to enforce the Guarantee against the respondent in the proceedings
below. The anticipated sale proceeds were never transferred because the sale
of the Rangoon Road Property was eventually aborted.

6 In his judgment (the “Judgment”), the trial judge (the “Judge”) dismissed
the appellant’s claim on the sole ground that the Guarantee was given in
relation to an illegal personal loan pursuant to s 14(2)(a) of the
Moneylenders Act (Cap 188, 2010 Rev Ed) (“MLA”) (the “personal loan illegality
defence”). The Judge found that the true borrower of the Loan was not its
stated borrower, Megatrucare, but the respondent. Since the Loan was found to
have been made to a natural person rather than a corporation, the appellant
was not an “excluded moneylender” under s 2 of the MLA. Having lent money
while not an excluded moneylender in consideration of a larger sum being
repaid, the appellant is presumed under s 3 of the MLA to be a “moneylender”.
Given this presumption, the Judge found that pursuant to s 2 of the MLA, the
appellant was an “unlicensed moneylender”. The appellant therefore carried on
the business of moneylending in contravention of s 5 of the MLA. Section
14(2)(a) of the MLA provides that any guarantee given for a loan granted by an
unlicensed moneylender is unenforceable. The Judge therefore found that the
Guarantee was unenforceable by the application of this provision.

7 The Judge also made other findings in favour of the appellant, in obiter:
(a) the appellant did not have actual or constructive knowledge of the
respondent’s mental incapacity, so the Guarantee was not annulled on this
ground; (b) the Guarantee was not annulled under s 19(1)(c) of the Mental
Capacity Act (Cap 177A, 2010 Rev Ed); and (c) the respondent had not adduced
sufficient evidence in support of his plea of non est factum, which would
render the Guarantee void if successful.

8 The present appeal only concerns the first issue in the proceedings below,
viz, whether the Loan was illegal under the MLA and the Guarantee was given in
relation to such an illegal loan.

9 In this regard, the three main issues in this appeal are: (a) whether the
court could invoke illegality of its own motion; (b) whether the Loan
Agreement was a sham; and (c) whether the presumption in s 3 of the MLA was
unrebutted.

10 We turn now to the first issue.

Whether the court could invoke illegality of its own motion

11 Where illegality is not pleaded, the court is entitled to invoke illegality
of its own motion where one or more of the following propositions set out in
Edler v Auerbach [1950] 1 KB 359 at 371 (“Edler”) (affirmed in Ting Siew May v
Boon Lay Choo and another [2014] 3 SLR 609 (“Ting Siew May”) at [29]) is
satisfied:

… [F]irst, that, where a contract is ex facie illegal, the court will not
enforce it, whether the illegality is pleaded or not [the “First Edler
Proposition”]; secondly, that, where … the contract is not ex facie illegal,
evidence of extraneous circumstances tending to show that it has an illegal
object should not be admitted unless the circumstances relied on are pleaded
[the “Second Edler Proposition”]; thirdly, that, where unpleaded facts, which
taken by themselves show an illegal object, have been revealed in evidence
(because, perhaps, no objection was raised or because they were adduced for
some other purpose), the court should not act on them unless it is satisfied
that the whole of the relevant circumstances are before it [the “Third Edler
Proposition”]; but, fourthly, that, where the court is satisfied that all the
relevant facts are before it and it can see clearly from them that the
contract had an illegal object, it may not enforce the contract, whether the
facts were pleaded or not [the “Fourth Edler Proposition”].

[emphasis added in bold italics]

12 It is common ground that the First Edler Proposition is not satisfied in
the present matter.

13 As regards the Second Edler Proposition, the appellant rightly submitted
that the respondent did not plead that he was the true borrower of the Loan,
which is an “extraneous [circumstance] tending to show that it has an illegal
object”. We agree with the Judge’s reasoning (see the Judgment at [18]) that
the phrase, “the [appellant] purported to have lent to [Megatrucare] a sum of
money in consideration of a larger sum being repaid” [emphasis added], is
unclear as to who the respondent contends the true borrower is.

14 However, the dearth of pleadings in relation to the personal loan
illegality defence is not relevant to whether the court can invoke illegality
of its own motion. As a matter of law, it is in the inherent nature of the
Third and Fourth Edler Propositions that they operate in circumstances where
the facts relating to the illegality at hand are not pleaded. Indeed, the
Judge rightly explained as follows (see the Judgment at [21]):

21 To the extent that the allegation of personal loan illegality was never put
to the plaintiff’s directors, and only raised belatedly in the course of trial
and in the second defendant’s closing submissions… the plaintiff’s frustration
is understandable. However, such prejudice does not prevent me from ruling on
the basis of personal loan illegality. Vinodh Coomaraswamy JC (as he then was)
in ANC Holdings Pte Ltd v Bina Puri Holdings Bhd [2013] 3 SLR 666… at [98]
(which was affirmed by the Court of Appeal in Ting Siew May at [31] and Fan
Ren Ray and others v Toh Fong Peng and others [2020] SGCA 117 at [15])
explained as follows:

[i]f there is any judicial reluctance to allow a party to rely on illegality
when that party has not pleaded it, the reluctance is attributable solely to
the court’s concern that the court may have been deprived of relevant facts
and not because of possible procedural unfairness to the other party. …

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

15 Hence, applying the Third and Fourth Edler Propositions, the material issue
is whether all the relevant facts relating to the personal loan illegality
defence were before the Judge.

16 In our view, all such relevant facts were before the Judge for him to
conclude that: (a) the respondent was the true borrower of the Loan; and (b)
the appellant was in the business of moneylending.

17 As regards the identity of the Loan’s true borrower, this question was put
to Mr Ong Leng Hock (“Mr Ong”), one of three directors of the appellant,
during the trial. The Judge had thoroughly considered the following matters
(see the Judgment at [36] and [39]–[43]):

(a) Mr Ong said that the appellant looked to the respondent for repayment from
the outset as it was understood that the repayment would come from the sale
proceeds of the respondent’s Rangoon Road Property;

(b) Mr Ong could not adequately explain why the appellant did not bother to
evaluate Megatrucare’s creditworthiness, which in turn suggested that the
appellant was suspiciously not concerned with Megatrucare’s ability to repay
the Loan; and

(c) Mr Ong knew that the appellant was prohibited from lending money directly
to the respondent, as it would otherwise lose its “excluded moneylender”
status under the MLA.

18 As regards whether the appellant was in the business of moneylending, we
have considered that this relevant fact was before the Judge, especially since
Mr Ong testified that the appellant had been in the business of moneylending
at the material time. We elaborate on this below (at [37]–[39]).

19 Notably, the Judge had raised his concerns as to personal loan illegality
defence in the course of the trial and directed the parties to address this
point in their closing submissions. The appellant neither sought to recall any
witnesses nor to adduce additional evidence pertaining to the personal loan
illegality defence. We are satisfied that the court below could invoke
illegality of its own motion and see no reason to disturb the finding that all
the relevant facts were before it.

20 We turn now to the second issue.

Whether the Loan Agreement was a sham

21 In Tat Seng Machine Movers Pte Ltd v Orix Leasing Singapore Ltd [2009] 4
SLR(R) 1101 at [41], the Court of Appeal stated that although the appellate
court’s power of review with respect to a finding of fact is limited, the
appellate court can and should overturn any such finding where the trial
judge’s assessment is “plainly wrong or against the weight of the evidence”.
In this regard, the appellant submits that the Judge was plainly wrong in
finding that the Loan Agreement was a sham.

22 The definition of a sham agreement has been set out by the Court of Appeal
in Toh Eng Tiah v Jiang Angelina and another appeal [2021] 1 SLR 1176 (at
[77]): “... the existence of a sham means that the agreement was not intended
to create enforceable legal obligations but was intended to deceive third
parties.” In the present case, if the Loan Agreement was a sham, that means
that the appellant and Megatrucare did not intend to create legally
enforceable obligations with each other and had intended to deceive third
parties or the court into thinking that the Loan was made to a corporation.
Hence, the issue here is whether the respondent was the true borrower of the
Loan instead of Megatrucare, the stated borrower in the Loan Agreement.

23 In examining this issue, the substance of the transaction and not its form
is determinative (Sheagar s/o T M Veloo v Belfield International (Hong Kong)
Ltd [2014] 3 SLR 524 (“Sheagar”) at [81]). Thus, evidence regarding who bore
the obligation of repaying the Loan is instructive. In this regard, the Judge
had considered the testimonies of: (a) Mr Ong, a director of the appellant;
(b) Mr Elangovan s/o Meyyanathan (“Mr Elangovan”), the director of
Megatrucare; and (c) Mr Gary Koh, the broker of the Loan (see the Judgment at
[29]–[46]). They indicate that the appellant and Megatrucare had always
intended for the appellant to solely look towards the respondent for repayment
of the Loan. Hence, the respondent was not treated by the parties to the Loan
Agreement as a guarantor whose repayment obligations arise only where the
borrower defaults. Rather, the respondent was treated as the foremost person
who would have to pay the Loan, ie, its true borrower.

24 We also add that the Judge had considered that Mr Elangovan’s testimony was
credible since (see the Judgment at [32]–[34]):

(a) he was subpoenaed by the appellant but had ironically given evidence in
the respondent’s favour;

(b) there was corroborating documentary evidence from Mr Elangovan’s written
reply on behalf of Megatrucare to the appellant’s letter of demand in respect
of the Loan Agreement, in which he directed the appellant’s solicitors to
“look to [the respondent] to make payment of the Loan Amount” based on the
appellant’s “full knowledge of the mode of repayment as well as the personal
guarantee”; and

(c) any interest he might have had in deflecting liability from Megatrucare
was diminished by the fact that Megatrucare had already been examined as a
judgment debtor.

25 There were also objective circumstances which corroborated the appellant’s
and Megatrucare’s intention to treat the respondent as the Loan’s true
borrower.

26 First, the stated purpose of the Loan Agreement, which was to finance the
working capital of Megatrucare, made no commercial sense. For such working
capital, Megatrucare could have simply waited for the sale proceeds of the
Rangoon Road Property just eight days after the Transactions were concluded,
without having to incur a total interest of $9,000 (see the Judgment at [48]).
Contrary to the appellant’s contention that this assessment was merely the
Judge’s subjective view of commercial sense, it is eminently clear to us that
his finding was logical and premised on simple common sense.

27 Second, the appellant knew of the respondent’s suspiciously late
appointment as a director of Megatrucare on 14 June 2017, just prior to the
concluding of the Transactions on 22 June 2017 (see the Judgment at [49]).

28 In the circumstances, the Judge correctly characterised the appellant’s
obtainment of a judgment-in-default of appearance against Megatrucare as part
of a charade to paint Megatrucare as the true borrower under the Loan
Agreement (see the Judgment at [50]).

29 In view of the weight of evidence in the respondent’s favour, we agree that
even if additional adverse testimony from the appellant’s other directors,
viz, Mr Andri Simadiputra (“Mr Simadiputra”) and Mr Quek Siew Cher, on this
issue had been adduced, it would not have assisted the appellant’s case (see
the Judgment at [58]). Similarly, we also consider that additional adverse
testimony from the respondent’s caregiver and third parties to whom a portion
of the Loan moneys was disbursed would not have made a material difference. We
emphasise that the present issue only concerns whether the stated borrower in
the Loan Agreement matches the Loan’s true borrower. There is no need to
consider facts relating to the exact nature and mechanism of the Loan.

30 It is therefore clear that the Judge had carefully considered the extant
evidence in totality before concluding that all the relevant facts relating to
the personal loan illegality defence were before him.

31 The Judge also did not err in applying the correct standard of proof. The
appellant relies on Seven Seas Supply Co v Rajoo [1965–1967] SLR(R) 79 (“Seven
Seas”) (at [29]–[32]) to argue that a judge must be certain that it was
impossible that there were any relevant circumstances which were not before
the court, when applying the Third Edler Proposition. In other words, the
appellant claims that the Judge should have applied a standard of proof that
was stricter than a balance of probabilities. This is a misreading of that
case. In fact, the Malaysian Federal Court made no pronouncement to that
effect about the relevant standard of proof. The only statement of the
applicable legal principles, that a court should be “quite certain that all
the relevant facts are in evidence” [emphasis added] (at [29]), does not
suggest that a higher standard of proof ought to be applied. We therefore
reject the appellant’s argument, which is premised on its interpretation of
Seven Seas.

32 The appellant has therefore not persuaded us that the Judge was plainly
wrong in finding that the Loan Agreement was a sham because the respondent was
the true borrower of the Loan.

33 We turn now to the last issue.

Whether the presumption in s 3 of the MLA was unrebutted

34 In Sheagar, the Court of Appeal summarised the principles to be adopted in
relation to s 14(2) of the MLA (at [75]):

(a) To rely on s 14(2) of the MLA, the borrower must prove that the lender was
an “unlicensed moneylender”.

(b) If the borrower can establish that the lender has lent money in
consideration for a higher sum being repaid, he may rely on the presumption
contained in s 3 of the MLA to discharge this burden.

(c) The burden then shifts to the lender to prove that he either does not
carry on the business of moneylending or possesses a moneylending licence or
is an “exempted moneylender”.

(d) However, if there is an issue as to whether the lender is an excluded
moneylender, the legal burden of proving that he is not will fall on the
borrower.

35 Here, since the Loan Agreement was a sham and the respondent was the Loan’s
true borrower, the appellant is not a person who lends money solely to
corporations. Hence, the appellant is not an “excluded moneylender” under s 2
of the MLA. The presumption under s 3 of the MLA applies and the appellant has
to prove that it was not in the business of moneylending for it to exclude
itself from the s 5 MLA prohibition.

36 In this regard, as stated by Mak Chik Lun and others v Loh Kim Her and
others and another action [2003] 4 SLR(R) 338 at [11]–[12] (affirmed in Law
Society of Singapore v Leong Pek Gan [2016] 5 SLR 1091 (“Leong Pek Gan”) at
[72]), there are two tests to determine whether a person is in the business of
moneylending:

(a) The first test is whether there was a system and continuity in the
transactions (the “first test”).

(b) If the first test is answered negatively, the court applies the second
test, viz, whether the alleged moneylender is one who is ready and willing to
lend all and sundry provided that they are from his point of view eligible
(the “second test”).

37 But quite separately from and without resort to these legal tests, we are
of the view that the question at hand can be answered simply by reference to
the appellant’s admission at trial that it was a moneylender at the material
time.

38 Mr Ong knew of the legal restrictions against the appellant extending
personal loans to individuals: he explained that because the appellant was an
excluded moneylender, the appellant could not have lent to the respondent.
Implicit in this explanation is an acknowledgment that the appellant was a
moneylender at the material time, since he was questioned specifically on the
Loan and whether it was made to the respondent:

Court: ---it appears to me that you were really looking for repayment from Mr
Yip, not from Megatru.

Witness: No, Your Honour, Sir, because on the onset, they already tell us that
the repayment will come from the sales proceed of Mr Yip at---

Court: And so---

Witness: ---part of the---

Court: Yes, so---

Witness: Yes.

Court: ---you were looking for repayment from Mr Yip---

Witness: Yes.

Court: ---right from the very beginning?

Witness: Yes, because it---they came to us very clearly that the repayment
will come from Mr Yip sales proceed.

Court: Now, why didn’t you lend to Mr Yip?

Witness: We can’t lend to Mr Yip.

Court: Why?

Witness: Because we, as a---as excluded moneylender, we only can lend to
private limited company and AI---

Court: Alright.

[emphasis added]

39 Admittedly, Mr Ong claimed that he was only in the appellant’s employ since
2018, after the Transactions were concluded on 22 June 2017, raising the
possibility that his testimony about the appellant’s business did not pertain
to the material time. But as the Judge found at [35] of the Judgment, Mr Ong
was present at the 22 June 2017 meetings. This is also supported by affidavit
evidence from Mr Simadiputra (a director of the appellant at the material
time). The conclusion is that Mr Ong’s testimony about the appellant’s
business is relevant: the appellant was in the business of moneylending at the
material time, and Mr Ong’s testimony confirmed that. On that basis alone, we
affirm the Judge’s finding that the presumption under s 3 of the MLA was not
rebutted.

40 In any case, we also agree with the Judge’s holding with regard to the
first and second tests highlighted above (at [36]).

41 In respect of the first test, the Judge rightly held that it was not
satisfied since there was only one loan extended by the appellant (see the
Judgment at [53]). In respect of the second test, the Judge also rightly held
that the Court of Three Judges in Leong Pek Gan at [78] confirmed that the
second test may be satisfied by evidence of a single transaction (see the
Judgment at [53]).

42 In the present context, the second test entails examining whether the
appellant was willing to lend money to any borrower without discrimination,
save that the borrower should be able to repay the Loan. In this regard, as
the Judge had noted, the appellant did not conduct any due diligence on the
stated borrower, Megatrucare.

43 The appellant contends that the proper inquiry should have been whether it
had conducted due diligence on the respondent’s creditworthiness, which it
allegedly did. This is misconceived. If the appellant had truly intended to
treat the respondent as a guarantor, its chief concern would have been
Megatrucare’s ability to repay the Loan instead.

44 Moreover, in Leong Pek Gan, in holding that the second test was satisfied,
the court stated that it was “especially significant” that the parties to the
loan transaction did not know each other beforehand (at [84]). The Judge
rightly noted that likewise, the appellant, the respondent and Megatrucare did
not know one another beforehand, especially since the appellant was only
presented with the Loan application about one week before the meetings on 22
June 2017 (see the Judgment at [55]).

45 In view of the above, we agree with the Judge that the appellant was ready
to lend to all and sundry and was therefore in the business of moneylending.

46 Hence, the appellant could not rebut the presumption under s 3 of the MLA.
This means that the appellant is a moneylender, and further, an unlicensed
moneylender. Since the Guarantee was given for the Loan granted by such an
unlicensed moneylender, it is unenforceable.

Conclusion

47 To sum up, we affirm the Judge’s finding that the Loan Agreement was a
sham. He was justified in invoking illegality on his own motion and finding
that the presumption in s 3 of the MLA was unrebutted.

48 As the Judge pointedly observed at [63] of the Judgment, “the parties [had]
deliberately interposed a corporate entity to disguise a personal loan as a
corporate one”. This was a calculated and cynical effort to evade the MLA. The
appellant cannot expect any relief or assistance from the court in enforcing
what is in substance a sham loan.

49 For the above reasons, we dismiss the appeal. We award $30,000 in costs
(all-in) to the respondent. The usual consequential orders will apply.

Belinda Ang Saw Ean  
Judge of the Appellate Division| See Kee Oon  
Judge of the High Court  
---|---  
Chua Lee Ming  
Judge of the High Court|  
  
Derek Kang Yu Hsien and Lim Shi Zheng Lucas (Cairnhill Law LLC) for the
appellant;

Yeoh Oon Weng Vincent and Yeoh Su Ann (Malkin & Maxwell LLP) for the
respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 29 Nov 2021 (17:37 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

