Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the COURT OF APPEAL of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGCA 30

Criminal Motion No 9 of 2021

Between

Datchinamurthy a/l Kataiah  
---  
  
… Applicant

And

Public Prosecutor  
---  
  
… Respondent

judgment

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Review of concluded criminal appeals]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Datchinamurthy a/l Kataiah

  
v

  

Public Prosecutor

[2021] SGCA 30

Court of Appeal — Criminal Motion No 9 of 2021  
Chao Hick Tin SJ  
3 February, 22 March 2021

5 April 2021

Chao Hick Tin SJ:

1 This is an application by Datchinamurthy a/l Kataiah (“the Applicant”) for
leave under s 394H(1) of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed)
(“CPC”) to make an application to review an earlier decision of the Court of
Appeal in CA/CCA 8/2015, Datchinamurthy a/l Kataiah v Public Prosecutor
(“Datchinamurthy (CA)”), in which this court had dismissed the Applicant’s
appeal against his conviction of one charge under s 5(1)(a) punishable under s
33 of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed) (“MDA”). For the reasons
below, I find that the Applicant has not shown a legitimate basis for the
exercise of this court’s power of review, and accordingly dismiss the
application.

Factual and procedural background

2 The facts relating to the Applicant’s case were summarised by the trial
judge (“the Trial Judge”) at [2]–[17] of Public Prosecutor v Christeen d/o
Jayamany and another [2015] SGHC 126 (“Datchinamurthy (HC)”).

3 The Applicant had entered Singapore on 18 January 2011 on his motorcycle and
travelled to a fruit stall at Woodlands Central, where he met an unknown
Indian man. The Applicant told that man that he was supposed to deliver five
packets of drugs for one “Rajah”. The Indian man told the Applicant that there
were two packets in a red plastic bag in the front basket of a motorcycle
bearing registration plate number JJS 2021 which was parked in the vicinity,
and three more packets stuffed under its seat. The Applicant retrieved the
three packets from under the seat and placed them with the two other packets.
He then contacted Christeen d/o Jayamany (“Christeen”) and arranged to meet
her at Depot Close. The Applicant travelled there on JJS 2021 and met
Christeen. Christeen passed him a brown sling bag, and the Applicant placed
something red into the sling bag and returned it to Christeen. They then
parted ways. Officers from the Central Narcotics Bureau arrested both of them.
A red plastic bag containing five packets of brown granular substance was
retrieved from the sling bag. The substance was later found to contain not
less than 44.96g of diamorphine. The Applicant faced a single charge under s
5(1)(a) punishable under s 33 of the MDA as follows:

That you, 2\. DATCHINAMURTHY A/L KATAIAH,

on 18 January 2011, at or about 9.05 a.m., along Depot Close, Singapore, did
traffic in a controlled drug specified in Class A of the First Schedule to the
Misuse of Drugs Act, Chapter 185, to wit, by giving to one Christeen D/O
Jayamany (NRIC No.: [xxx]) five (5) packets of granular/powdery substances,
which were analyzed and found to contain not less than 44.96 grams of
diamorphine, without any authorization under the said Act or the Regulations
made thereunder, and you have thereby committed an offence under section
5(1)(a) of the Misuse of Drugs Act, Chapter 185, which punishable under
section 33 of the Misuse of Drugs Act, Chapter 185, or you may alternatively
be liable to be punished under section 33B of the Misuse of Drugs Act, Chapter
185.

[emphasis in original]

4 The Trial Judge convicted the Applicant of the single charge. The
Applicant’s defence was that he did not know the nature of the contents of the
packets that he had delivered – he claimed that he thought he was carrying
illegal Chinese medicine and not diamorphine: Datchinamurthy (HC) at
[15]–[18]. The Judge’s main findings were as follows:

(a) The Applicant had delivered drugs to Christeen on three separate
occasions, including the last occasion on the date of his arrest, viz, 7, 14
and 18 January 2011: at [19].

(b) The presumption of knowledge under s 18(2) of the MDA (“the s 18(2)
presumption”) applied to the Applicant, as it was not disputed that he was in
physical possession of the bag containing the five packets of diamorphine
prior to delivery: at [20].

(c) The Trial Judge found that the Applicant “had at least a strong suspicion
that he was carrying diamorphine and that he turned a blind eye to it”: at
[35]. First, the Applicant was rewarded “rather generously” for collecting and
delivering the drugs: at [36]. Second, the Applicant’s claim to have trusted
Rajah’s assurance that the drugs were not serious was incredible, since the
evidence “show[ed] at most an arms-length relationship” between them: at [37].
Third, the Applicant had “no real basis to conclude that the drugs were
‘illegal Chinese medicine’”, as he had no real knowledge about such medicine:
at [38]. Fourth, the “scale of the operations” and surreptitious nature of the
transactions would have suggested to the Applicant that what he was carrying
was more illegal and serious than illegal Chinese medicine: at [39]. Fifth,
the Applicant had done two prior transactions and he had ample time to check
what the drugs were, but the fact that he did not do so suggested that he was
willing to ferry whatever drugs they were: at [40]. On the basis of the same
evidence, the Trial Judge also found that the Applicant had not rebutted the s
18(2) presumption: at [43].

(d) The Trial Judge found that the Applicant was more than a mere courier: at
[87]. In any event, the Prosecution did not provide a certificate of
substantive assistance: at [47]. Therefore, the Trial Judge passed the
mandatory death sentence on the Applicant: at [88].

5 The Applicant appealed against his conviction and sentence. On 5 February
2016, the Court of Appeal, consisting of Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA, Kan Ting
Chiu SJ and myself, dismissed the Applicant’s appeal in Datchinamurthy (CA),
with oral decisions recorded in the Minute Sheet dated 5 February 2016. I set
out the oral grounds here in full:

This is the decision of the court. The issue in this case is whether the
presumption under s 18 of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed) has
been rebutted. For the reasons set out in [36] to [42] of the Grounds of
Decision, we agree with the finding of the trial judge that the appellant has
not rebutted the presumption.

We note the arguments of counsel for the appellant that there was no wilful
blindness on the part of the appellant. On the facts of the case, we do not
think that we need to take that route. The burden is on the appellant to rebut
the presumption on the balance of probabilities and taking the entire evidence
before the court we are satisfied that the presumption has not been rebutted.
Accordingly, the appeal is dismissed.

6 On 21 January 2020, the President of the Republic of Singapore ordered the
sentence of death imposed on the Applicant to be carried out on 12 February
2020. On 31 January 2020, the President ordered a respite of the execution
pending any further order. For completeness, I would add that the Applicant
has also been involved in a series of other proceedings that dealt with
various other issues surrounding his execution. None of those other
proceedings touch on the question of his conviction and they are thus not
relevant to the present proceedings.

7 On 3 February 2021, the Applicant filed the present criminal motion. The
Prosecution sought and was granted an extension of time to file its written
submissions by 22 February 2021, which it did. Subsequently, the Applicant
sought leave to submit a written reply, and I granted leave for him to do so.
I state here for the avoidance of doubt that the Applicant did not have a
right to file written reply submissions. The granting of leave in this case
should not be taken as an indication that such leave will be granted as a
matter of course in future applications of a similar nature.

8 On 15 March 2021, I also directed the parties to address the court, if they
wished, on the Court of Appeal’s reasoning in Datchinamurthy (CA) as recorded
in the Minute Sheet dated 5 February 2016, which both the Applicant and
Prosecution had omitted to refer to in their submissions. I received their
respective further submissions on 22 March 2021 and considered them in coming
to my conclusions.

The parties’ cases

The Applicant’s case

9 The Applicant’s position was based essentially on the Court of Appeal’s
decision in Gobi a/l Avedian v Public Prosecutor [2021] 1 SLR 180 (“Gobi”), in
which the Court of Appeal held that the s 18(2) presumption did not include
wilful blindness, and that wilful blindness as such should not “feature in the
analysis of whether the s 18(2) presumption has been rebutted”: Gobi at [56].
Mr Ravi s/o Madasamy (“Mr Ravi”), counsel for the Applicant, deposed that the
legal arguments relied upon in the application were the following: 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Mr Ravi’s Affidavit at para 15.

a. There was a failure by the prosecution at trial to distinguish between
actual knowledge and wilful blindness in both fact and law.

b. The Applicant had been wrongly presumed to be wilfully blind under s 18(2)
of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed).

c. The burden had been wrongly placed on the Applicant to rebut wilful
blindness on a balance of probabilities.

d. There was limited, if any, evidential and legal analysis into each of the
mixed questions of fact and law that must be proved in order to establish
wilful blindness.

e. Consequently, the trial judge had wrongly found that the Applicant was
guilty because he had not rebutted the ‘presumption of wilful blindness’
pursuant to s 18(2) of the MDA.

10 In his submissions, the Applicant took the position that the Prosecution’s
case against him at trial was one of “actual knowledge”. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Applicant’s Written Submissions (“AWS”) at paras 4.4–4.12.

Indeed, he submitted that the Prosecution did not make reference to wilful
blindness proper (as clarified in Adili Chibuike Ejike v Public Prosecutor
[2019] 2 SLR 254 (“Adili”) and Gobi). However, in the alternative, if the
Prosecution’s case was not one of actual knowledge, but included wilful
blindness as an alternative, the Applicant submitted that the procedural
safeguards were not met as there was no distinct inquiry into whether the
facts were sufficient to establish wilful blindness. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

AWS at paras 4.15–4.19.

11 The Applicant also submitted that the Trial Judge’s legal analysis would
differ significantly in the light of Gobi, as (a) no reference to wilful
blindness should have been made in the context of analysing whether the s
18(2) presumption had been rebutted; (b) the case of Dinesh Pillai a/l K Raja
Retnam v Public Prosecutor [2012] 2 SLR 903 (“Dinesh Pillai”) relied upon by
the Trial Judge could not be taken to suggest that there was an objective
inquiry; and (c) the criteria for wilful blindness would have been referred to
specifically. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

AWS at para 5.2.

The Applicant then described the Trial Judge’s factual findings, concluding
that the Judge “was satisfied that, even if the Applicant did not have
knowledge of the nature of the drug, he was ‘at least suspicious’, and
therefore he was ‘wilfully blind’ because he nonetheless proceeded with the
delivery or failed to take further action to identify the true nature of the
drug”. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

AWS at para 5.8.

12 The Applicant then referred to the arguments he made when his appeal
against the decision of the Trial Judge came up to the Court of Appeal in
Datchinamurthy (CA), observing that one argument was that the Trial Judge’s
findings of wilful blindness were inconsistent with the Prosecution’s case at
trial of actual knowledge, and that the arguments raised on appeal anticipated
those accepted in Gobi. However, as the Court of Appeal did not, at the time,
have the benefit of the reasoning in the later judgments in Adili and Gobi,
the Applicant’s arguments must have been rejected. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

AWS at paras 6.1–6.2.

The Applicant also alluded to the fact that in the Prosecution’s case on
appeal, the Prosecution had insisted that its case at trial included wilful
blindness as a legal equivalent of knowledge. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

AWS at paras 6.4–6.5.

However, the Prosecution had failed to distinguish between actual knowledge
and wilful blindness, combined the s 18(2) presumption with the allegation of
wilful blindness, and also mischaracterised wilful blindness. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

AWS at paras 6.6–6.10.

The Applicant argued that the Prosecution’s submissions on appeal would now be
rejected in the light of Gobi. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

AWS at para 6.11.

13 In coming to the Court of Appeal’s judgment in Datchinamurthy (CA), the
Applicant argued that in the absence of a written judgment, it could be
assumed that “some or all of the arguments” proposed by the Prosecution at the
hearing of the appeal were accepted, or at least, that the Applicant’s
submissions were rejected. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

AWS at para 7.1.

However, the arguments raised by the Applicant that (a) wilful blindness would
play no part in the application of the s 18(2) presumption; and (b) that
Dinesh Pillai did not give rise to an objective inquiry, have since been
accepted in Adili and Gobi, and the result of the Applicant’s appeal would
have been “fundamentally different”. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

AWS at para 7.3.

14 Hence, it should now be recognised that there was “procedural and
substantive unfairness” in the Applicant’s trial that gave rise to a
miscarriage of justice. First, the Prosecution should have made it clear that
they were running alternative cases of actual knowledge and wilful blindness
at trial. Second, the question of whether the s 18(2) presumption was rebutted
and whether the Applicant was wilfully blind would have been two distinct
inquiries. Third, the Prosecution’s understanding of wilful blindness was
misguided or unclear, such that the case against the Applicant was unclear.
Fourth, the Trial Judge had found (contrary to the principles articulated in
Gobi) that the s 18(2) presumption was not rebutted because he was wilfully
blind. Fifth, the facts would have been insufficient to establish wilful
blindness. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

AWS at para 8.1.

Sixth, on the facts, the Applicant would have been acquitted. The Trial Judge
did not make a finding that the Applicant possessed actual knowledge and, from
his reasoning, could be assumed to have found that the Applicant had shown
that he did not have actual knowledge. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

AWS at para 8.3.

Insofar as the Trial Judge based his finding on wilful blindness, the Judge
was not entitled to do so as the Prosecution’s case was one of actual
knowledge. Further, the Trial Judge had failed to apply the criteria of wilful
blindness. Finally, the evidence adduced at trial was insufficient to make a
finding that the Applicant was wilfully blind. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

AWS at para 8.4.

15 The Applicant therefore submitted that in the exercise of the power under s
390(2) and (4) of the CPC and upon a review of its earlier decision, the Court
of Appeal should now convict him only on a substituted charge of attempted
trafficking of a Class C controlled drug. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

AWS at para 9.3.

16 In his reply, the Applicant essentially argued that the Prosecution’s case
at trial and on appeal should not have been accepted. He maintained that the
Prosecution’s only legitimate case at trial was that of actual knowledge, and
that there was no properly framed case of wilful blindness. The Prosecution
had a mistaken understanding of wilful blindness and the Trial Judge’s
findings of wilful blindness would have been based on that same
misunderstanding. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Applicant’s Reply Submissions at paras 3.4, 3.6, and 3.7.

The Trial Judge had not made an express finding that the Applicant had actual
knowledge or that the Applicant had not disproved actual knowledge. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Applicant’s Reply Submissions at para 4.1.

The Prosecution’s characterisation of its case in these proceedings conflicted
with how it had characterised its case at the appeal hearing in Datchinamurthy
(CA), where it defined wilful blindness in an extended sense. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Applicant’s Reply Submissions at paras 5.2 and 5.6.

The Applicant also took issue with the Prosecution’s reference to
“indifference”, arguing that this was inconsistent with a case of actual
knowledge and, in any event, had not been properly put to the Applicant at
trial. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Applicant’s Reply Submissions at paras 7.5 and 7.6.

17 In response to the court’s specific direction on 15 March 2021, the
Applicant filed further submissions in which he argued that the Court of
Appeal’s findings in Datchinamurthy (CA) were “ambiguous as to whether it
found that the Applicant had not rebutted the presumption of actual knowledge”
under s 18(2) of the MDA. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Applicant’s Further Submissions at para 4.

The Court of Appeal did not criticise the Trial Judge’s findings that the
Applicant had turned a blind eye or the Trial Judge’s approach which treated
“suspicion and the Applicant’s ineffective inquiries to be sufficient basis
for him to conclude” that the s 18(2) presumption had not been rebutted, and
instead accepted the findings of the Trial Judge. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Applicant’s Further Submissions at paras 6–8.

Had the Court of Appeal disagreed with the mistaken reference to wilful
blindness and found on its own assessment that the Applicant had not rebutted
the presumption of actual knowledge, one would expect the Court to have issued
a “reasoned judgment”. However, since the approach based on Dinesh Pillai was
“trite” at the time, there was no reason for the Court to have provided
detailed reasons. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Applicant’s Further Submissions at para 9.

The Applicant submitted that, in any event, in the absence of a full written
judgment , it was “unwise to rely on the abbreviated views” of the Court of
Appeal in Datchinamurthy (CA). 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Applicant’s Further Submissions at para 10.

The Prosecution’s case

18 The Prosecution submitted that the application for leave should be
summarily dismissed. The Prosecution’s arguments centred on the element of
miscarriage of justice, arguing that no miscarriage of justice has arisen in
the present case. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Prosecution’s Written Submissions (“PWS”) at para 22.

First, the Prosecution’s case at trial was one of actual knowledge and relied
on the s 18(2) presumption. The Applicant himself accepted this, and there was
no confusion as to the case that the Applicant had to meet. The Prosecution’s
case on appeal was also one of actual knowledge. Second, the Trial Judge found
that the s 18(2) presumption was not rebutted, but not on the basis of wilful
blindness in the extended sense. The use of the phrase “turned a blind eye”
was consistent with the authorities and only referred to the Applicant’s
“evident indifference” as to what he was delivering, which prevented him from
rebutting the s 18(2) presumption.

19 In response to the specific direction given on 15 March 2021, the
Prosecution also filed further submissions in which it argued that the reasons
in the Minute Sheet reinforced its position that the application for a review
was baseless. The Court of Appeal in Datchinamurthy (CA) was clear in its
approach to the s 18(2) presumption as a distinct route from the doctrine of
wilful blindness, and it made plain that wilful blindness was not the basis of
its decision to uphold the conviction, as that conclusion was reached on the
basis of all the evidence adduced at trial. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Prosecution’s Further Submissions at para 3.

Hence, there was no miscarriage of justice. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Prosecution’s Further Submissions at paras 5–6.

There was no confusion about the Prosecution’s case at trial. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Prosecution’s Further Submissions at para 7.

The Applicant was therefore also unable to show that the Court of Appeal’s
basis for upholding his conviction was erroneous. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Prosecution’s Further Submissions at paras 9–12.

Applicable law

20 Division 1B of Part XX of the CPC provides for a mechanism by which an
earlier decision of an appellate court may be reviewed. There is no dispute
that the decision of the Court of Appeal in Datchinamurthy (CA) is susceptible
to review: see s 394G(1)(a) of the CPC. Under s 394H, before making a review
application, the applicant must apply to the appellate court for, and obtain,
leave to do so. The present application is an application for leave to
commence the review application.

21 As the Court of Appeal stated in Kreetharan s/o Kathireson v Public
Prosecutor and other matters [2020] 2 SLR 1175 (“Kreetharan”) at [17], only an
application that discloses a “legitimate basis for the exercise of this
court’s power of review” should be allowed to proceed. In order to determine
if such a legitimate basis exists, the court hearing the leave application
would have to consider the requirements for a review application prescribed in
s 394J of the CPC (see also Moad Fadzir bin Mustaffa v Public Prosecutor
[2020] 2 SLR 1364 at [10]; Chander Kumar a/l Jayagaran v Public Prosecutor
[2021] SGCA 3 at [14]).

22 Under s 394J(2) of the CPC, the applicant in a review application has to
demonstrate to the appellate court that there is sufficient material on which
the appellate court may conclude that there has been a miscarriage of justice
in the criminal matter in respect of which the earlier decision was made (see
also Gobi at [24]). The requirement of sufficiency is set out in s 394J(3) of
the CPC, as follows:

(3) For the purposes of subsection (2), in order for any material to be
‘sufficient’, that material must satisfy all of the following requirements:

(a) before the filing of the application for leave to make the review
application, the material has not been canvassed at any stage of the
proceedings in which the criminal matter in respect of which the earlier
decision was made;

(b) even with reasonable diligence, the material could not have been adduced
in court earlier;

(c) the material is compelling, in that the material is reliable, substantial,
powerfully probative, and capable of showing almost conclusively that there
has been a miscarriage of justice in the criminal matter in respect of which
the earlier decision was made.

23 As the Court of Appeal observed in Syed Suhail bin Syed Zin v Public
Prosecutor [2021] 1 SLR 159 at [18], these are cumulative conditions and
“[t]he failure to satisfy any of these requirements will result in the
dismissal of the review application” [emphasis in original]. Where the new
material consists of new legal arguments, s 394J(4) of the CPC also provides
an additional requirement:

(4) For the purposes of subsection (2), in order for any material consisting
of legal arguments to be ‘sufficient’, that material must, in addition to
satisfying all of the requirements in subsection (3), be based on a change in
the law that arose from any decision made by a court after the conclusion of
all proceedings relating to the criminal matter in respect of which the
earlier decision was made.

24 The requirement that the court must conclude that there has been a
miscarriage of justice is elaborated in ss 394J(5)–(7) of the CPC which read:

(5) For the purposes of subsection (2), the appellate court may conclude that
there has been a miscarriage of justice in the criminal matter in respect of
which the earlier decision was made, only if —

(a) the earlier decision (being a decision on conviction or sentence) is
demonstrably wrong; or

(b) the earlier decision is tainted by fraud or a breach of the rules of
natural justice, such that the integrity of the judicial process is
compromised.

(6) For the purposes of subsection (5)(a), in order for an earlier decision on
conviction to be ‘demonstrably wrong’ —

(a) it is not sufficient that there is a real possibility that the earlier
decision is wrong; and

(b) it must be apparent, based only on the evidence tendered in support of the
review application and without any further inquiry, that there is a powerful
probability that the earlier decision is wrong.

(7) For the purposes of subsection (5)(a), in order for an earlier decision on
sentence to be ‘demonstrably wrong’, it must be shown that the decision was
based on a fundamental misapprehension of the law or the facts, thereby
resulting in a decision that is blatantly wrong on the face of the record.

25 At this juncture I should underscore the point that, as a matter of law,
the review process provided under Division 1B of Part XX of the CPC is
directed at the earlier decision of the appellate court, in this case, the
decision of the Court of Appeal in Datchinamurthy (CA). Section 394F(1) of the
CPC defines the relevant decision as the “earlier decision of an appellate
court”. Under s 394G(1), the review application is again directed to the
“earlier decision of an appellate court”. Section 394J(5) defines miscarriage
of justice in the criminal matter in relation to the earlier decision as being
established only if “the earlier decision” is demonstrably wrong (s
394J(5)(a)) or was tainted by fraud or breach of the rules of natural justice
(s 394J(5)(b)). The focus of any application for leave to commence a review
application should, therefore, be on the relevant appellate court’s decision
(which, in the present instance, would be Datchinamurthy (CA)), which is the
decision that must be shown to be demonstrably wrong to establish a
miscarriage of justice.

Issues to be determined

26 The Prosecution did not appear to dispute that the legal principles
articulated by the Court of Appeal in Gobi concerning wilful blindness and the
s 18(2) presumption would constitute “sufficient” material within the meaning
of ss 394J(3) and (4) of the CPC. The central issue in this case is whether
there is a miscarriage of justice in the Applicant’s case arising from the
earlier decision of this court in Datchinamurthy (CA). In order to determine
this issue, the parties have raised various arguments about the entire history
of the Applicant’s case, from trial to appeal. However, with respect to both
parties, not all of these arguments were relevant to the central issue in this
case. In the following paragraphs, I will deal with the arguments concerning
three key aspects of the prior proceedings: (a) the Prosecution’s case at
trial; (b) the Trial Judge’s decision; and (c) the Court of Appeal’s decision
in Datchinamurthy (CA).

27 In summary, I find that the Prosecution’s case at trial was one of actual
knowledge. I also find that the Trial Judge’s decision cannot be faulted on
the grounds raised by the Applicant. In any event, and more importantly, the
relevant decision under consideration is not the Trial Judge’s decision but
the decision in Datchinamurthy (CA), and no miscarriage of justice is
disclosed in that decision.

Analysis

The Prosecution’s case at trial

28 The Applicant and Prosecution are in agreement that the Prosecution’s case
at trial was one of actual knowledge. This is apparent from the Prosecution’s
cross-examination of the Applicant: 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

See PWS at para 25.

Q Now, I’m putting to you, witness, when you delivered the five packets to
Christeen on the 18th of January 2011, you knew you were delivering heroin to
her.

A I disagree.

…

Q And lastly, if you had not---sorry, on the---on the issue of knowledge, you
did not ask Rajah or Lan, also known as Boy, or Christeen, any questions on
what you were delivering because you already knew what you were in fact
dealing with, which is heroin.

A I disagree.

29 There is, however, a dispute over the nature and relevance of the
references to “wilful blindness” in the Prosecution’s written submissions. The
Applicant appeared to take the position that the references to “wilful
blindness” were, in effect, a defective attempt to rely on the extended sense
of “wilful blindness”. In that sense, a “properly framed case of wilful
blindness when judged according to the law as it is now understood (as a
result of Adili and Gobi) was not mounted,” 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Applicant’s Reply Submissions at para 3.6.

and the Prosecution’s attempt to do so was an error of law.

30 I accept that there was some ambiguity in the language used in the
Prosecution’s written submissions. However, in any event, the Prosecution’s
case is defined by its case at trial and not, in the final analysis, by its
submissions. As this court observed in Gobi at [111]:

… [E]ven if the Submissions suggest that the Prosecution’s case at the trial
was one of actual knowledge, the Prosecution’s case must, in the final
analysis, be informed by what was put to the Applicant and how the Prosecution
crystallised its case at the end of the cross-examination.

31 The same principle applies here. The determinative factor is how the
Prosecution had run its case during cross-examination. On this point, the
Applicant accepts that the only case run by the Prosecution during cross-
examination was one of actual knowledge. It is pertinent to note that at paras
4.4–4.5 of his written submissions (in relation to the present application),
the Applicant had clearly taken the position that the Prosecution’s case at
trial during cross-examination was one of actual knowledge. There is no
suggestion that the Prosecution’s case during cross-examination was one of
wilful blindness. Indeed, one of the Applicant’s arguments is that the
Prosecution’s case could not properly have been one of wilful blindness
because that was never put to the Applicant at trial. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Applicant’s Written Submissions at para 4.13.

The Applicant has not been able to point to any part of the record to show
that the cross-examination was conducted on the basis of wilful blindness.

32 Indeed, the Applicant knew at all times that the case that he had to meet
was one of actual knowledge. This is evident from what the Applicant had
argued before the Court of Appeal in Datchinamurthy (CA). At the very outset
of the Applicant’s submissions on appeal, it was argued: 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

See paras 1, 5–7 of the Appellant’s Written Submissions in CA/CCA 8/2015.

Can it be said that the Appellant’s conviction of a capital charge of
trafficking in Diamorphine is safe where:

(a) the case put to the Appellant during cross-examination was not the case
submitted by the Prosecution in its closing submissions (actual knowledge vs
wilful blindness);

(b) arising from the Prosecution’s change in its case (as mentioned above),
not only was the Appellant deprived of the opportunity to answer to the
allegation of wilful blindness, but the Prosecution had failed to establish
the constituent elements to support a finding of wilful blindness (the high
threshold level of suspicion founded on targeted facts coupled with a
deliberate decision to turn a blind eye);

…

It was clearly the Applicant’s position in Datchinamurthy (CA) that the
Prosecution’s case during cross-examination was one of actual knowledge, but
that the Prosecution had departed from its case at trial in its submissions by
relying on wilful blindness.

33 I therefore find that the case run by the Prosecution at trial was that of
actual knowledge.

The Trial Judge’s decision

34 I turn then to consider the Trial Judge’s decision. The Applicant contends
that the Trial Judge had made his decision on the basis of wilful blindness.
The Prosecution, however, sought to characterise the Trial Judge’s assessment
as one relating to the Applicant’s credibility, and argued that the Trial
Judge did not make any finding that the Applicant was wilfully blind in the
extended sense. As I have observed above, the Applicant must show a
miscarriage of justice arising not from the High Court’s decision, but the
Court of Appeal’s. However, as the matter has been canvassed before me on this
basis and for completeness, I will also provide my views on whether the Trial
Judge’s decision can be shown to be demonstrably wrong for the purposes of
establishing a miscarriage of justice.

35 In my judgment, this inquiry should not focus only on the phrases that were
used, especially since the law has developed (subsequent to the earlier
decisions in the Applicant’s case), but on the substance of the analysis and
findings. For example, as the Court of Appeal in Gobi recognised at [73], the
phrase “could not reasonably be expected to have known” in Dinesh Pillai was
capable of taking on a permissible meaning (where it is taken in the context
of subjective inquiry and in the context of an allegation of indifference), or
an impermissible meaning (if it is taken to import an objective test: see
[74]). A phrase like “turned a blind eye” is also capable of having a
permissible and an impermissible sense in this context (Gobi at [73]). The
central question is whether the Trial Judge had made a finding or framed his
analysis on the basis that the Applicant did not subjectively know the nature
of the drugs. That is the crux of the distinction between actual knowledge and
wilful blindness (which falls short of actual knowledge but is treated as its
legal equivalent): Adili at [47].

36 The Trial Judge discussed how the s 18(2) presumption could be rebutted as
follows (Datchinamurthy (HC) at [20]):

To rebut the presumption of knowledge in the context of s 18(2) of the MDA,
they must prove on a balance of probabilities that they did not know or could
not reasonably be expected to have known that the thing in their possession
contained that controlled drug (Dinesh Pillai a/l K Raja Retnam v Public
Prosecutor [2012] 2 SLR 903 at [21]). Knowledge will be established under the
doctrine of wilful blindness if they had a strong suspicion that they were
carrying diamorphine but had turned a blind eye to that fact. [emphasis added]

37 Following that, the Trial Judge’s first summary finding of fact was stated
at [35] of Datchinamurthy (HC):

However, based on the evidence which follows, it was clear to me that
Datchinamurthy had at least a strong suspicion that he was carrying
diamorphine and that he turned a blind eye to it.

In this paragraph, I accept the Applicant’s contention that the Trial Judge
had not made an express finding that the Applicant knew the nature of the
drugs. However, subsequently, the Trial Judge made an additional finding at
[43]:

Based on all the evidence above, I was also satisfied that the presumption of
knowledge operated against Datchinamurthy and that he failed to rebut it on a
balance of probabilities. [emphasis added]

38 The use of the word “also” in [43] has to be duly recognised. The Trial
Judge’s reasoning shows that the same evidence described at [36] to [42] of
Datchinamurthy (HC) gave rise to two conclusions, first, that the Applicant
had at least a strong suspicion that he was carrying diamorphine and that he
turned a blind eye to it, and second, that the Applicant was unable to rebut
the s 18(2) presumption on a balance of probabilities. Even if I accepted that
the former was a finding of wilful blindness in the extended sense, the latter
was not, on the Trial Judge’s reasoning, based on any finding of wilful
blindness, but simply on the evidence discussed at [36] to [42]. Hence, I
could not agree that the Trial Judge had thereby conflated wilful blindness
with the s 18(2) presumption. The question, ultimately, must be whether the
evidence referred to at [36] to [42] of Datchinamurthy (HC) and the Trial
Judge’s reasoning based on that evidence showed that the Trial Judge had
misunderstood how wilful blindness related to the s 18(2) presumption or had
improperly imported an objective test to assess whether the Applicant could
rebut the presumption.

39 In my judgment, there was nothing in the Trial Judge’s reasoning at [36] to
[42] of Datchinamurthy (HC) that showed that the Trial Judge had concluded
that the s 18(2) presumption was not rebutted because the Applicant was
wilfully blind or because he had failed to act reasonably on an objective
standard. On the contrary, his analysis of the facts was entirely consistent
with a case of actual knowledge and, in the final analysis, focused on the
Applicant’s subjective state of mind.

(a) The Trial Judge’s finding that the Applicant was rewarded generously for
his involvement (at [36]) could go towards both (i) the lack of credibility in
the Applicant’s claim not to know what he was delivering or (ii) giving
grounds for a targeted suspicion as to the nature of the drugs. However, in
the final sentence of that paragraph, the Trial Judge then stated: “It seems
that he was fully aware that he was carrying something which, if he was
caught, would attract a capital charge” [emphasis added]. That last sentence
directs attention to the Applicant’s subjective knowledge of the nature of the
drugs.

(b) The Trial Judge also found that the Applicant’s claim that he believed
Rajah’s assurances that the drugs were not serious was “incredible” given the
Applicant’s relationship with Rajah (at [37]). This is consistent with an
analysis of actual knowledge, since the Trial Judge was rejecting the
Applicant’s claim that he believed that what he was carrying was not serious.

(c) The Trial Judge then rejected the Applicant’s claim that he believed that
the drugs were “illegal Chinese medicine” (at [38]). This supports a case of
actual knowledge, since if the Applicant’s assertion of what he believed he
was carrying was rejected, it would follow that the Applicant could not prove
that he did not know the nature of the drugs.

(d) The Trial Judge then considered the Applicant’s knowledge of “the scale of
the operations and the furtiveness of the transactions”, from which the Trial
Judge concluded: “I cannot see how Datchinamurthy did not think that these
drugs were highly illegal” (at [39]). In other words, the Trial Judge found
that the Applicant did think that the drugs were highly illegal. This went to
the Applicant’s subjective knowledge of the nature of the drugs.

(e) The Trial Judge discussed the fact that the Applicant had time to check
what the drugs were but did not, finding that this was “because he was willing
to ferry the drugs around Singapore regardless of what they were” (at [40]).
This statement suggests that the Applicant was indifferent to the nature of
the drugs, which the Court of Appeal in Gobi has clarified is well within the
scope of the analysis of whether the s 18(2) presumption has been rebutted. An
accused person who is indifferent to what he is carrying “cannot be said to
believe that the nature of the thing in his possession is something other than
or incompatible with the specific drug he is in possession of”, since he had
not formed any view of what the item in his possession is or is not Gobi at
[65]. In the light of the above finding, having rejected the Applicant’s
defence of what he believed the items to be, the Trial Judge appears to
suggest at [40] that, at the very least, the Applicant had not applied his
mind to forming a positive view of the exact nature of the drugs, although he
believed them to be highly illegal and attracting the death penalty.

40 The above clearly shows that the Trial Judge at no point concluded that the
Applicant did not know the nature of the drugs, or that the Applicant’s
purported belief that the items were Chinese medicine could be accepted as
fact. The Trial Judge did not impose an objective test either, but focused on
the inferences that could be drawn from the evidence. He had rejected the
Applicant’s claims to believe that the items were illegal Chinese medicine (at
[38]) and that they were not “serious” (at [37]), found that the Applicant did
believe that the items were illegal (at [39]) and that if he was caught with
the item that “would attract a capital charge” [emphasis added] (at [36]), and
was at least indifferent to the exact nature of the drug (at [40]). He did not
find in his analysis that the Applicant did not know the nature of the drugs
or that the Applicant actually believed that the items were something other
than diamorphine. Each of the reasons identified by the Trial Judge was
consistent with the Court of Appeal’s guidance in Gobi concerning how the s
18(2) presumption should be analysed.

41 Therefore, none of the principles of law raised by the Applicant could be
said to show that the Trial Judge’s decision was demonstrably wrong.

The Court of Appeal’s decision

42 In any event, even if I took the Applicant’s case at its very highest, and
assumed that both the Prosecution and the Trial Judge had erred in applying an
analysis of wilful blindness to the s 18(2) presumption, this would not get
the Applicant far enough. This is because the Court of Appeal’s decision in
Datchinamurthy (CA), which is the “earlier decision” that would be under
review, cannot be shown to be demonstrably wrong, giving rise to a miscarriage
of justice. It is convenient to set out again the Court of Appeal’s reasons
for dismissing the appeal:

This is the decision of the court. The issue in this case is whether the
presumption under s 18 of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed) has
been rebutted. For the reasons set out in [36] to [42] of the Grounds of
Decision, we agree with the finding of the trial judge that the appellant has
not rebutted the presumption.

We note the arguments of counsel for the appellant that there was no wilful
blindness on the part of the appellant. On the facts of the case, we do not
think that we need to take that route. The burden is on the appellant to rebut
the presumption on the balance of probabilities and taking the entire evidence
before the court we are satisfied that the presumption has not been rebutted.
Accordingly, the appeal is dismissed.

43 Mr Ravi submitted that the reasoning was still ambiguous as to whether the
s 18(2) presumption dealt with actual knowledge. With all due respect to Mr
Ravi, I was unable to accept his interpretation of the Court of Appeal’s
reasoning. The Court of Appeal’s decision not to pursue an analysis of wilful
blindness was made in the context of extensive arguments on wilful blindness
by both the Applicant and the Prosecution on appeal. Given the submissions on
wilful blindness that were made, this court’s reasoning cannot be taken for
anything other than what it says explicitly, that it declined to take the path
of analysing whether the Applicant was wilfully blind or not. Further, the
Court of Appeal’s adoption of [36] to [42] of Datchinamurthy (HC) did not
involve an adoption of any concept of wilful blindness or an objective test.
As stated above, the Trial Judge’s analysis of the evidence in those
paragraphs is entirely consistent with an analysis of actual knowledge. There
is no reason to second-guess the Court of Appeal’s reasoning given the express
reasons given in the oral judgment. In my opinion, this court’s reasoning in
Datchinamurthy (CA) was based simply on a finding that the evidence prevented
the Applicant from proving that he did not know the nature of the drugs, and
thereby, prevented him from rebutting the s 18(2) presumption.

44 Hence, having regard to the actual decision of the Court of Appeal in
Datchinamurthy (CA), all of the various arguments on the alleged errors of the
Prosecution and Trial Judge fall away. Far from there being an error in the
earlier decision of the Court of Appeal, all the arguments advanced by the
Applicant in this application (taking them at their highest) in fact show that
the Court of Appeal’s decision in Datchinamurthy (CA) was correct. Even if I
accepted the Applicant’s submissions that the Prosecution and Trial Judge had
erred in their reliance on wilful blindness, that in truth leads to the
conclusion that the Court of Appeal was correct to reject any reliance on
wilful blindness. Instead, what the Court of Appeal had done, and correctly,
was to decide the appeal on the basis of the entire evidence adduced at trial,
and consistently with the Prosecution’s case which was one of actual
knowledge.

45 It was clearly open to the Court of Appeal to take this approach. First,
the Prosecution’s case at trial was one of actual knowledge, as the parties in
the present proceedings both agree upon. Second, the Trial Judge’s findings on
which the Court of Appeal relied were entirely consistent with and supported
an analysis based on actual knowledge. Hence, when the Court of Appeal cited
the Trial Judge’s reasoning at [36]–[42] of Datchinamurthy (HC), it was not
conflating wilful blindness and s 18(2) of the MDA. Instead, since the
reasoning was consistent with a case of actual knowledge, the Court of Appeal
was adopting the same reasons to conclude that the s 18(2) presumption was not
rebutted.

46 It is useful here to distinguish the decision in Gobi from the present
application. In that case, the Court of Appeal found that the Prosecution’s
case at trial was in fact one of wilful blindness, in that the Prosecution’s
case was that the accused believed what he had been told about the items in
question and did not, therefore, know the nature of the drugs: Gobi at [117].
The Prosecution was not at will to change its case to one of actual knowledge
on appeal since, given the clarifications that have been provided in Gobi
itself, the case of actual knowledge advanced at the appeal was inconsistent
with the case of wilful blindness that was run at trial. This switch
prejudiced the accused in that case as he had never been “squarely confronted
with the case that he did not in fact believe” what he had been told about
what he was doing: Gobi at [120]. Furthermore, because its case was one of
wilful blindness, the Prosecution was prevented from relying on the s 18(2)
presumption: Gobi at [121].

47 However, the Court of Appeal’s prior reasoning in allowing the
Prosecution’s appeal and convicting the accused in Gobi was based on its
finding that the accused had failed to rebut the presumption of actual
knowledge under s 18(2) of the MDA. That could not form the basis of the
accused’s conviction because the Prosecution’s case of actual knowledge was
not properly put to the accused and further because the Prosecution’s case of
wilful blindness foreclosed reliance on the s 18(2) presumption. Therefore,
the Court of Appeal had to consider, on the review application, whether the
Prosecution’s true case at trial, that the accused was wilfully blind, was
established on the facts: Gobi at [122]. The Court of Appeal concluded that
this case was not made out (Gobi at [124]), and it therefore set aside the
conviction on the capital charge and convicted the accused on the amended
charge (Gobi at [128]).

48 The key distinction to note in the present application is that the Court of
Appeal’s findings in Datchinamurthy (CA) were based on a case that was
actually run by the Prosecution at trial. Hence, no prejudice was caused to
the Applicant. Furthermore, that case was entirely consistent with the use of
the s 18(2) presumption as the case was one of actual knowledge and not wilful
blindness. Hence, none of the principles relating to wilful blindness and the
s 18(2) presumption would have made any difference to the reasoning and
decision of the Court of Appeal in Datchinamurthy (CA). The Applicant has not
shown that the decision in Datchinamurthy (CA) is wrong.

49 The Court of Appeal’s decision in Datchinamurthy (CA) was simply a decision
that the s 18(2) presumption was not rebutted on the facts, without reference
to wilful blindness. This was the same case that the Prosecution had run at
trial. There is no basis for concluding, even taking the Applicant’s case at
its highest, that the Court of Appeal’s decision in Datchinamurthy (CA) was
demonstrably wrong. Therefore, the Applicant cannot show that there was a
miscarriage of justice in his case.

Conclusion

50 Under s 394H(7) of the CPC, the court may summarily dismiss an application
for leave to commence a review application. Before it does so, it must
consider the applicant’s written submissions (if any) and may consider the
Prosecution’s written submissions (if any): s 394H(8) of the CPC. Having
considered the written submissions tendered by the Applicant and Prosecution,
including a reply submission from the Applicant, and the further submissions
of parties pursuant to the court’s specific direction given on 15 March 2021,
I find that the Applicant has failed to show any legitimate basis for this
court to exercise its power of review of its earlier decision. The application
is therefore summarily dismissed.

Chao Hick Tin

Senior Judge

Ravi s/o Madasamy (Carson Law Chambers) for the applicant;

Anandan Bala, Marcus Foo and Lee Zu Zhao (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the
respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 07 Apr 2021 (09:38 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

