Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION of the high court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC 14

Suit No 258 of 2016

Between

(1)| Jasviderbir Sing Sethi  
---|---  
(2)| Bashar A F A Alfulaij  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

(1)| Sandeep Singh Bhatia  
---|---  
(2)| Abhishek Singh  
  
… Defendants

judgment

[Contract] — [Misrepresentation] — [Fraudulent]

[Contract] — [Formation]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Jasviderbir Sing Sethi and another

  
v

  

Sandeep Singh Bhatia and another

[2021] SGHC 14

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 258 of 2016  
Vinodh Coomaraswamy J  
14–17, 21–24 May, 10 October 2019; 29 January 2020

22 January 2021 Judgment reserved.

Vinodh Coomaraswamy J

Introduction

1 This action arises out of an investment which each plaintiff made in 2013 in
a company owned and controlled by the first defendant (“the Company”). The
plaintiffs’ case in summary is that: (a) the first defendant made certain
misrepresentations to them in 2012 in order to induce them to invest in the
Company; alternatively (b) on the facts, the first defendant undertook a
contractual obligation either in 2013 or in 2015 to return to each plaintiff
the sum which he had invested in the Company plus a 30% premium. In either
event, each plaintiff now seeks damages from the first defendant equivalent to
the sum invested plus a 30% premium.

2 The first defendant’s defence in summary is that: (a) he did not make any
representations at all to the plaintiffs in 2012, let alone any
misrepresentations which induced them to invest in the Company; and (b) an
offer which he made in 2015 to buy out each plaintiff’s investment in the
Company with a 30% premium was a non-binding, personal favour and is not a
contractual obligation.

3 Having considered the parties’ evidence and submissions, I accept the first
defendant’s defence. Accordingly, I dismiss the plaintiffs’ claims in their
entirety. This judgment sets out the reasons for my decision.

Background

The parties

4 Each plaintiff made his investment in the company by entering into a
Convertible Note Subscription Agreement (“CNSA”) with the Company in 2013. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at para 32.

Each plaintiff thus lent a sum of money to the Company which was convertible
into shares in the Company on the terms set out in the CNSA.

5 The first plaintiff lent the Company US$200,000 under his CNSA. The second
plaintiff lent the Company US$100,000 under his CNSA. The first plaintiff’s
loan has not been converted into shares in the Company. He remains a creditor
of the Company. The second plaintiff’s loan has been converted into shares in
the Company. He is now a shareholder of the Company, holding 104,006 of its
shares. That is equivalent to about 0.33% of the Company. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Second plaintiff’s AEIC at para 7; Statement of Claim (Amendment No 2)
(“Statement of claim”) at para 4.

6 The first defendant is the founder of the Company and holds almost 90% of
its shares. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

First defendant’s AEIC at para 29; Statement of claim at para 6.

He is also the Company’s Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) and its sole
director.

7 The second defendant is a shareholder of the Company, owning just under 5%
of its shares. He was also, between 2014 and 2016, the Company’s Chief
Operating Officer (“COO”), General Counsel and Company Secretary. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at para 10; Statement of claim at para 7.

8 The plaintiffs have discontinued entirely their claim against the second
defendant. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Notice of Discontinuance dated 3 April 2019.

He is therefore no longer a party to this action. He did, however, give
evidence at trial for the plaintiffs.

The Kuwaiti Investors are introduced to the first defendant

9 The first plaintiff and the first defendant came to know each other through
the first plaintiff’s brother, Mr Sobers Sethi (“Mr Sobers”). In October 2012,
the first defendant told the first plaintiff that he was looking for investors
in the Company in a “friends and family” fund-raising round. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at para 15; First defendant’s AEIC at para 53.

The first plaintiff and Mr Sobers introduced the first defendant to three
other friends who they thought might be interested in investing: (a) the
second plaintiff; (b) Yousuf Alqabandi (“Mr Alqabandi”); and (c) Mohammad
Albader (“Mr Albader”). 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at para 17.

As a result of these introductions, the first and second plaintiffs, Mr
Alqabandi and Mr Albader ultimately did invest in the Company. As all four of
these investors reside in Kuwait, they were referred to collectively
throughout trial as “the Kuwaiti Investors”.

10 Out of the four original Kuwaiti Investors, the first defendant has
returned Mr Alqabandi’s and Mr Albader’s investments with a 30% premium. They
therefore have no cause for complaint against him 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions (“PCS”) at paras 80(b)–80(c).

and are not parties to this action. Both men did, however, file affidavits of
evidence in chief on behalf of the plaintiffs. Mr Albader attended trial to be
cross-examined on his affidavit of evidence in chief. Mr Alqabandi did not. Mr
Alqabandi’s affidavit of evidence in chief therefore does not form part of the
evidence before me.

The first defendant’s meetings with the Kuwaiti Investors

11 The first defendant’s initial discussions with the plaintiffs about a
potential investment in the Company took place towards the end of 2012. At
that time, the first defendant was the Company’s sole shareholder. The
evidence of the plaintiffs’ witnesses is that the first defendant made four
oral representations (“the Representations”) during these discussions in order
to induce them to invest in the Company. The Representations are: 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Statement of claim at para 9.

(a) That the plaintiffs would be investing in a “Friends & Family” fund-
raising round, and on that basis, would be kept closely informed about the
management and operations of the Company (“the Information Representation”);

(b) That the plaintiffs would obtain a guaranteed 30% return on their
investments and would be able to cash out their investments at any time (“the
Investment Exit Representation”);

(c) That the first defendant would personally guarantee the plaintiffs’
investment and the 30% return under the Investment Exit Representation (“the
Personal Guarantee Representation”); and

(d) That the first defendant would not do anything to dilute the plaintiffs’
shareholdings or to change the shareholding structure of the Company; or do
any act which would adversely impact the value of the plaintiffs’ investment
before their exit from the Company unless otherwise agreed (“the Non-Dilution
Representation”).

12 The plaintiffs also allege that the first defendant made the
Representations in his personal capacity, ie, not as a director of or agent
for the Company. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

PCS at para 26; 16 May 2019 Transcript at p 125, lines 19–20; 22 May 2019
Transcript at p 47, lines 24–25, p 48, lines 1–6 and p 50, lines 15–18.

13 The plaintiffs’ evidence is that the first defendant made the
Representations on four specific occasions: 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at para 18.

(a) In November 2012 at the first plaintiff’s home in Kuwait to both
plaintiffs in the presence of Mr Albader; 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at para 20–22; Second plaintiff’s AEIC at para 19.

(b) Later in November 2012, on a boat in Kuwait to the first plaintiff in the
presence of Mr Albader; 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at para 24–para 25.

(c) In December 2012, at the first defendant’s home in Singapore to the first
plaintiff alone; 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at para 27–28; 14 May 2019 Transcript at p 111, lines
14–22.

and

(d) Later in December 2012, at Mr Sobers’ home in Singapore to the first
plaintiff in the presence of Mr Sobers. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at para 30; Sobers’ AEIC at para 21; 22 May 2019
Transcript at p 46, line 23–p 47, line 17.

The Investors subscribe for convertible notes

14 Following their discussions with the first defendant, each Kuwaiti Investor
entered into a separate CNSA with the Company. The plaintiffs’ evidence is
that they relied on the Representations in entering into the CNSAs.

15 The CNSAs as executed are dated March 2013. That is indeed when the Company
sent the CNSAs to the Kuwaiti Investors for execution. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Defence (Amendment No 1) (“Defence”) at para 12(a).

However, it is common ground that the Kuwaiti Investors executed the CNSAs and
lent money to the Company only in May 2013. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Defence at para 12(b); PCS at para 27.

Nothing in this action turns on this two-month gap.

16 The terms of the four CNSAs are identical save for the amount invested. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

PCS at para 29.

In brief, under each CNSA, each Kuwaiti Investor agreed to make an interest-
free loan to the Company subject to an obligation to convert his loan into
shares as soon as the Company next received fresh investment. The shares were
to be allotted to each Kuwaiti Investor at the same price as they were being
allotted to the investor making the fresh investment. As the upside on his
investment, each Kuwaiti Investor was entitled to have every US$1.00 of his
loan treated as being worth US$1.30 for the purposes of the conversion. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

First defendant’s AEIC at para 75.

17 The relevant clauses of the CNSAs are as follows:

(a) The recitals:

The Company proposes to raise limited convertible debt financing in a ‘Friends
and Family Round’ (the F&F Funding) with the intent to convert such financing
into ordinary shares of the Company on the occurrence of subsequent Series A
Funding (as defined below) …

(b) Clause 1.1, which is the interpretation clause:

Committed Funding Date means 29 March 2013 or such later date as may be agreed
between the Parties

…

Conversion Event means the receipt by the Company, at any time after the
Committed Funding Date, of Series A Funding

…

Series A Funding means any funding for the Company in exchange for ordinary
shares of the Company, which may be raised from third parties, existing
shareholders, the Creditors or a combination thereof at any time after the
last Committed Funding Date

(c) Clause 3.1:

Each F&F Convertible Note shall be non-interest bearing, non-assignable and
convertible into ordinary shares of the Company on the terms set out in Clause
4 below.

(d) Clause 4:

Upon the occurrence of a Conversion Event, each Creditor shall convert their
respective F&F Convertible Note into ordinary shares of the Company pursuant
to an allotment in accordance with this Clause and thereby accepting full
discharge the extinguishment of their respective F&F Convertible Note. An
allotment pursuant to this Clause shall be of ordinary shares in the Company
equivalent to one hundred and thirty percent (130%) of their respective
Commitment Amount and based on the price per share established by the Series A
Funding valuation of one hundred percent (100%) of the fully diluted ordinary
shares of the Company (inclusive of any equity allotted to the Creditors
pursuant to this Section). Such allotment to be made at the same time as
allotment is to be made to the Series A Funding providers.

18 The first plaintiff lent the Company US$200,000 under his CNSA, whereas the
second plaintiff lent the Company US$100,000. Mr Alqabandi and Mr Albader each
lent the Company US$50,000.

The parties’ relationship comes under strain

19 The friendly relationship between the parties came under strain in the
first quarter of 2015. The strain was either precipitated by or manifested in
four events.

20 First, in January 2015, the first defendant told the Kuwaiti Investors that
the Company had commenced its Series A Funding as defined in the CNSA. If
true, this was the first step to forcing the Kuwaiti Investors to convert
their loans into shares. The Kuwaiti Investors were sceptical about the first
defendant’s claim. When they pressed him on the identity of the Series A
Funder, he was evasive. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at paras 53, 59–61 and 63.

21 Further, for the purposes of the Series A Funding, the first defendant
ascribed to the Company a pre-money valuation (ie, a valuation before the
Series A Funding) of US$35m. The Kuwaiti Investors believed this valuation to
be unjustifiably high. When they pressed the first defendant to justify his
valuation, he could not do so. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at paras 53–55.

The higher the valuation, of course, the more disadvantageous the conversion
would be for the Kuwaiti Investors. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at paras 41–42; Statement of claim at para 32A.

22 Second, in February 2015, the first defendant indicated that he intended to
extend the Company’s business model in a manner which the Kuwaiti Investors
believed would expose its business model and their investments to additional
and unacceptable commercial and regulatory risk. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at para 51.

23 Third, in April 2015, the plaintiffs travelled to Singapore to discuss
their investments with the first defendant. A particular concern was the first
defendant’s justification for valuing the Company at US$35m. During their
discussions, the first defendant alleged that the second plaintiff was merely
a front for other investors and had not invested his own money in the Company.
The second plaintiff took offence at this allegation.

24 Finally, also in April 2015 but after the plaintiffs’ trip to Singapore,
the second defendant – acting on behalf of the Company and no doubt at the
behest of the first defendant – informed the Kuwaiti Investors formally that a
Conversion Event under the CNSA had been triggered because the Company had
received the Series A Funding as at 31 March 2015. The second defendant
therefore informed the Kuwaiti Investors that the Company would be converting
their loans into shares in accordance with the CNSAs. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at Tab 16, p 276.

The Kuwaiti Investors did not accept that a Conversion Event had occurred. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at para 66.

As a result, on 21 April 2015, they told the first defendant that they did not
want their loans to be converted into shares but instead wanted to cash out
their investment in the Company at 130% of their initial investment. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at para 67 and Tab 16, p 276.

The parties meet on 5 June 2015

25 On 5 June 2015, four people met the first defendant to discuss the Kuwaiti
Investors’ exit from the Company (“the 5 June 2015 Meeting”). The four were:
(a) first plaintiff; (b) Mr Sobers; (c) Mr Gurmeet Aman Bedi; and (c) his
sister, Ms Simran Bedi. The 5 June 2015 Meeting took place at the home of Ms
Simran Bedi. The first plaintiff had authority from the other Kuwaiti
Investors to represent their interests at this meeting. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at para 86.

‘

26 Mr Gurmeet Aman Bedi was another investor in the Company who had come in on
the same friends and family round as the Kuwait Investors. Mr Gurmeet Aman
Bedi had also asked the first defendant to return his investment with a 30%
premium. By 5 June 2015, the first defendant had done so. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

PCS at paras 32(k), 38 and 80(a); First plaintiff’s AEIC at paras 86 and
87(k).

27 At the 5 June 2015 Meeting, the first plaintiff reiterated the Kuwaiti
Investors’ wish to exit their investments. The plaintiffs’ case is that the
first defendant agreed to buy each Kuwaiti Investor’s shares in the Company
after conversion at 130% of his investment. He also agreed to buy Mr
Alqabandi’s and Mr Albader’s shares by September 2015 and then to buy the
first and second plaintiffs’ shares by December 2015. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at para 88.

But the first defendant told the Kuwaiti Investors that they were each
required by Singapore law to convert their loans into shares before he could
buy them out. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at para 89 and Tab 23, pp 341–344; Statement of claim
at para 38.

28 Following the 5 June 2015 Meeting, and by September 2015, the first
defendant returned to Mr Alqabandi and Mr Albader their investment together
with a 30% premium. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at para 93; PCS at para 7(h).

In order to enable this, both men allowed the Company to convert their loans
into shares. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

29 January 2020 Transcript at p 8, lines 2–3.

29 The first plaintiff did not accept that a Conversion Event had in fact
occurred or that his loan to the Company had to be converted into shares
before the first defendant could return his investment to him. The first
plaintiff therefore refused to allow the Company to convert his loan into
shares. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at para 89.

The second plaintiff, however, allowed the first defendant to convert his loan
into 104,006 shares in the Company. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

PCS at para 57.

30 The first defendant did not return either of the two plaintiffs’
investments. This was despite the first plaintiff sending several reminders to
the first defendant to do so in the fourth quarter of 2015. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

PCS at para 7(i).

31 In December 2015, in response to one of the reminders, the first defendant
took the position that he had undertaken no legal obligation to return the
Kuwaiti Investors’ investments at the 5 June 2015 Meeting. His position was
that he had offered to do so only as a favour to them, subject to his personal
financial and life circumstances. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at para 105 and Tab 33, pp 463–466.

32 The plaintiffs commenced this action in March 2016.

The plaintiffs’ causes of action

33 The plaintiffs advance three causes of action against the first defendant.

34 First, the plaintiffs claim that the Representations are false, were made
by the first defendant fraudulently and induced them to enter into the CNSAs
with the Company. The plaintiffs accordingly claim damages against the first
defendant in the tort of deceit or under the Misrepresentation Act (Cap 390,
1994 Rev Ed). 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

PCS at paras 66–67.

Each plaintiff accordingly seeks an order that the first defendant pay to him
his investment in full plus the 30% premium under the Investment Exit
Representation (“the Misrepresentation Claim”). 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Statement of claim at p 30, paras (a)–(b).

35 Second, and in the alternative, the plaintiffs claim that the
Representations gave rise to a separate contract between the Kuwaiti Investors
and the first defendant (“the Separate Contract”). The Separate Contract
obliged the first defendant to pay each Kuwaiti Investor the amount of his
investment together with a 30% premium. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Statement of claim, paras 32B–32E.

The first defendant breached the Separate Contract. Each plaintiff accordingly
seeks damages against the first defendant for breach of the Separate Contract
(“the Separate Contract Claim”). 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

PCS at paras 98–99; Statement of claim at p 30, para (c).

36 In the final alternative, the plaintiffs claim that the first defendant
entered into an oral contract with each of the Kuwaiti Investors at the 5 June
2015 Meeting under which he is obliged to purchase the Kuwaiti Investors’
shares at a purchase price equal to 130% of their respective investments by
September 2015 (for Mr Alqabandi and Mr Albader) and by December 2015 (for the
plaintiffs) (see [25] above) (“the Repayment Contract”). 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Statement of claim at para 37.

The first defendant has breached the Repayment Contract in respect of the
plaintiffs. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

PCS at paras 127–147.

The plaintiffs accordingly seek specific performance of the Repayment Contract
43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Statement of claim at p 30, para (cb).

or damages against the first defendant for its breach (“the Repayment Contract
Claim”). 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Statement of claim at p 30, para (cc).

37 I address each of the plaintiffs’ three causes of action in turn.

Misrepresentation claim

Two preliminary points

38 Before analysing the plaintiffs’ Misrepresentation Claim on the merits, I
make two preliminary points.

39 First, the plaintiffs’ reliance in their Misrepresentation Claim on the
Misrepresentation Act is misconceived. The plaintiffs’ claim in this action is
that the first defendant acted at all times in his personal capacity and not
as the Company’s director or agent. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

PCS at para 26.

The plaintiffs’ claim against the first defendant is therefore that he made
certain misrepresentations to them which caused them to enter into the CNSAs
with the Company. On the plaintiffs’ case, this is therefore a tripartite
situation involving two contractual counterparties (a Kuwaiti Investor and the
Company) and a representor who is not a party to the contract (the first
defendant). Framed in this way, the plaintiffs’ Misrepresentation Claim cannot
be brought within the scope of the Act. That is because the Misrepresentation
Act applies only in a bipartite situation: where a party to a contract made a
misrepresentation to the counterparty to that same contract which induced the
counterparty to enter into the contract. The plaintiffs’ Misrepresentation
Claim can therefore rest only in tort at common law and not on the
Misrepresentation Act.

40 Second, insofar as it rests in tort, the plaintiffs rely for the
Misrepresentation Claim only on fraudulent misrepresentation. They plead no
alternative claim against the first defendant for negligent misrepresentation
upon the principle in Hedley Byrne v Heller [1964] AC 465. Therefore, if the
plaintiffs fail to establish that the first defendant made the Representations
fraudulently, their Misrepresentation Claim fails entirely.

41 With those preliminary points out of the way, I now turn to consider the
plaintiffs’ Misrepresentation Claim, confined as it is to common law
misrepresentation and the tort of deceit.

What the plaintiffs must prove

42 It is common ground that, in order to succeed in their claim in fraudulent
misrepresentation, the plaintiffs must establish the following facts (Panatron
Pte Ltd v Lee Cheow Lee [2001] 2 SLR(R) 435 at [14]):

(a) That the first defendant made to them a representation of fact by words or
conduct which is false;

(b) That the first defendant made the representation with the intention that
the plaintiffs should act in reliance upon it;

(c) That the plaintiffs did indeed act in reliance on the representation;

(d) That the plaintiffs have suffered damage by acting in reliance on the
representation; and

(e) That the first defendant made the false representation knowing that it is
false or in the absence of any genuine belief that it is true.

43 The heart of the plaintiffs’ plea on the Misrepresentation Claim is in
paragraphs 9 to 11 of their statement of claim. In paragraph 9, the plaintiffs
plead that the first defendant made the Representations in order to induce the
plaintiffs to invest in the Company. In paragraphs 10 and 11, they plead that
the Representations did induce the plaintiffs to invest in the Company and to
enter into the CNSAs. The plaintiffs then plead in paragraphs 15B and 15C that
the Investment Exit Representation and the Non-Dilution Representations were
false and that the first defendant made those representations fraudulently.

44 The first defendant’s defence to the Misrepresentation Claim is somewhat
disjointed and unfocused. The heart of his defence appears in paragraphs 10 to
12 of his pleaded defence, responding to paragraphs 9 to 11 of their statement
of claim: 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Defence (Amendment No 1) (“Defence”) at paras 10–12.

10\. Save that it is admitted that during the original discussion between the
1st Defendant and the Plaintiffs, the 1st Defendant informed the Plaintiffs
that they would be investing in a “Friends & Family” round, paragraph 9 of the
SOC is denied and the Plaintiffs are put to strict proof. …

11\. Save that it is not admitted that the 1st and 2nd Plaintiffs decided in
or around March 2013 to invest … in the Company, paragraph 10 of the SOC is
denied and the Plaintiffs are put to strict proof thereof. The 1st Defendant
further avers that even if representations were made by the 1st Defendant to
the Plaintiffs (which is denied), the Plaintiffs were not and/or ought not to
have been induced by or otherwise relied on such representations. Further
and/or alternatively, the 1st Defendant honestly believed the said
Representations to be true. Further and/or alternatively, the Representations
(which is denied save as expressly admitted) were a mere expression of opinion
by the 1st Defendant and do not amount to representation(s).

12\. Paragraph 11 of the [statement of claim] is denied and the Plaintiffs are
put to strict proof. The 1st Defendant repeats Paragraph 11 above.

[Underlining, strike out and particulars omitted]

45 When this plea is read in conjunction with the defendants’ closing
submissions, it is possible to discern several defences which can be distilled
and restated in the following more logical sequence of propositions:

(a) The first defendant did not make the Representations. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

First defendant’s AEIC at paras 59, 82–84 and 89; First Defendant’s Closing
Submissions (“DCS”) at paras 77 and 81.

(b) Even if he did, the Representations are mere expressions of opinion, not
representations of past or present fact, and are therefore not actionable. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

DCS at para 81.

(c) Even if the Representations are actionable, the first defendant honestly
believed the Representations to be true.

(d) Even if he did not believe them to be true, the plaintiffs did not rely on
the Representations, 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

DCS at para 85.

or were unreasonable in doing so, when they decided to invest in the Company
and to enter into the CNSAs. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

DCS at para 82.

46 For the first defendant to defeat the Misrepresentation Claim, it suffices
for him to defeat the plaintiff’s case on any one of these four propositions.
In my view, he has defeated the plaintiffs’ case on the first proposition. I
therefore need not and do not deal with the remaining propositions.

The first defendant did not make the Representations

47 The burden lies on the plaintiffs to prove that the first defendant made
the Representations (Trans-World (Aluminium) Ltd v Cornelder China (Singapore)
[2003] 3 SLR(R) 501 at [29]). The plaintiffs have failed to discharge this
burden.

48 The events underlying this action can be divided into three critical
phases. Phase 1 is the period between October 2012 (when discussions began
about the Kuwaiti Investors investing in the Company (see [9] above)) and May
2013 (when the plaintiffs entered into the CNSAs (see [14]–[15] above)). Phase
2 is the period from May 2013 until April 2015 (when the Kuwaiti Investors
expressed an intention to exit their investment (see [24] above)). Phase 3 is
the period from April 2015 until March 2016 (when the plaintiffs commenced
this action).

49 The crucial period for the Misrepresentation Claim is, of course, Phase 1.
The Representations must precede the CNSAs, otherwise the Representations
cannot have induced the plaintiffs to enter into the CNSAs. But a significant
difficulty which the plaintiffs face in discharging their burden is that there
is no direct evidence of the Representations in any of the documents which the
parties generated in any of these three phases. Indeed, some of the documents,
particularly those generated in Phase 3, are completely inconsistent with the
inherent probabilities if the plaintiffs’ case were true. I analyse these
documents further at [144]–[148] and [91]–[115] below.

50 It is not, of course, unusual for there to be no evidence of the
Representations in the documents. It is common for a plaintiff to base a
misrepresentation claim on misrepresentations which are entirely oral. These
plaintiffs are no exception. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

PCS at para 11.

The lack of documentary evidence of the Representations is therefore not fatal
to the plaintiffs’ claim.

51 To discharge their burden, the plaintiffs rely on four sets of evidence:
(a) the evidence of the plaintiffs and their witnesses, both in chief and
under cross-examination; (b) an email from the first plaintiff to the first
defendant in Phase 2; (c) the first defendant’s conduct in returning both Mr
Alqabandi’s and Mr Albader’s investments and in making arrangements to return
the plaintiffs’ investments; and (d) the defendant’s lack of credibility,
which undermine his evidence that he made no representations whatsoever to the
plaintiffs.

52 It is my finding that these four sets of evidence, even taken together, do
not suffice to discharge the plaintiff’s burden of proof. It is also my
finding that the following two sets of evidence support the first defendant’s
defence: (a) the parties’ correspondence in Phase 3, especially the pre-action
correspondence between the parties’ solicitors; and (b) the first defendant’s
evidence as to the uncommercial nature of the Representations.

53 I now analyse each of these sets of evidence in turn.

The evidence of the plaintiffs, Mr Sobers and Mr Albader

54 The plaintiffs’ witnesses at trial were the two plaintiffs themselves, Mr
Sobers, Mr Albader and the second defendant. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

PCS at p 139, paras (a)–(d).

The second defendant gave his evidence in chief orally, with leave of the
court, but without need for a subpoena. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

PCS at p 139, para (f); 21 May 2019 Transcript at p 6, lines 6–7.

I analyse his evidence separately from that of the first four of the
plaintiffs’ witnesses.

55 These four witnesses filed affidavits of evidence in chief. All four of
them claimed that they were present when the first defendant made various of
the Representations at various times in November and December 2012 (see [13]
above). I have incorporated the evidence of both plaintiffs, Mr Sobers and Mr
Albader as to the making and the content of the Representations in my account
of the plaintiffs’ case at [11]–[13] above. The accounts of these four
witnesses in this regard were clear, categorical and consistent.

56 Their accounts were, however, too clear, too categorical and too
consistent. An analysis of the affidavits of evidence in chief of the
plaintiffs and their witnesses 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Exhibit D1.

which first defendant’s counsel tendered at trial showed 32 instances where
entire paragraphs of the first plaintiff’s affidavit of evidence in chief had
been replicated in the affidavits of evidence in chief of the second
plaintiff, Mr Sobers and Mr Albader. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

14 May 2019 Transcript at p 64, lines 15–30; 16 May 2019 Transcript at p 63,
lines 16–31.

57 The first plaintiff’s explanation for the similarities in these affidavits
of evidence in chief was that “[i]f they are very similar, that’s how the
story was”. It is, of course, true that if several witnesses testify to the
same events, their accounts will inevitably bear similarities. But the 32
passages which the first defendant’s counsel identified were not mere
similarities. These passages were replicated verbatim or almost verbatim right
down to the punctuation and the turns of phrase. The first defendant’s counsel
is correct that “[t]he replication of content was not just in substance, but
also in exact literal form, so much so that vast tracts of the [these four
witnesses’ affidavits of evidence in chief] were indistinguishable from each
other”. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

DCS at para 17.

These similarities go well beyond what would ordinarily be expected from
witnesses who are testifying about the same events.

58 The first defendant invites me to infer from this that the plaintiffs and
their witnesses, in effect, colluded in preparing their affidavits of evidence
in chief. His submission is that the evidence of each of these four witnesses,
as set out in his affidavit of evidence in chief, is not the product of his
own independent memory (as it should be) but is instead the product of a
deliberate exercise undertaken by the plaintiffs to pool the memories of their
witnesses in order to shape their evidence and put forward a uniform account
supporting the plaintiffs’ best case. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

DCS at paras 18(a)–18(b).

59 This submission goes much further than it needs to. I do not accept it. It
appears to me that what actually happened – as the first defendant’s counsel
himself alluded to in the first plaintiff’s cross-examination 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

14 May 2019 Transcript at p 64, lines 22–30.

– is that the affidavit of evidence in chief of the first plaintiff was
drafted first on his instructions in the usual way, and then used as a
template for the affidavits of evidence in chief of the other three witnesses.
Those affidavits were then put in front of those three witnesses who, at best,
skim read them without concentrating on the detail before affirming them. Mr
Albader himself conceded that that was how he had approached his own affidavit
of evidence in chief. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

17 May 2019 Transcript at p 70, lines 22–25.

60 Thus, for example, the affidavit of evidence in chief of the first
plaintiff contains a paragraph 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at para 10.

which describes the second defendant and his role in this action. This
paragraph concludes with the following sentence: “The Suit was initially also
filed against [the second defendant], but we, the Plaintiffs discontinued the
action against [the second defendant] on the 3 April 2019.” [emphasis added].
61

##### Foot Note 61

×

17 May 2019 Transcript at p 71, lines 17–22.

This paragraph – including the first-person plural pronoun “we” – is
replicated without amendment in Mr Albader’s affidavit of evidence in chief.
Mr Albader is not, of course, a plaintiff in this action. He could not have
played any part in discontinuing this action against the second defendant.
This paragraph was clearly cut and pasted into Mr Albader’s affidavit of
evidence in chief from the first plaintiff’s affidavit of evidence in chief
without the necessary consequential amendment. Curiously, the same paragraph
appears in Mr Alqabandi’s affidavit of evidence in chief, but with the
necessary consequential amendment, ie with the “we,” correctly deleted so that
the final sentence refers simply to “the Plaintiffs” discontinuing the action
against the second defendant.

61 The plaintiffs submit that the evidence of the second plaintiff, of Mr
Sobers and of Mr Albader are consistent with and serve to corroborate the
first plaintiff’s evidence. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

PCS at para 149.

I do not accept that submission. The evidence which emerged at trial about the
circumstances in which these four witnesses’ affidavits of evidence in chief
were drafted and affirmed does not allow me to treat them as independent of
the first plaintiff’s evidence, and therefore as corroboration of his
evidence. As a result of these findings, I give no corroborative weight to the
evidence of these three witnesses in assessing the first plaintiff’s evidence
as to the making and the content of the Representations.

62 It is also the case that Mr Sobers has an obvious financial interest in
this suit. The evidence at trial was that the first plaintiff’s investment in
the Company was in fact one of many joint investments which the two brothers
have made in the name of only one brother. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

14 May 2019 Transcript at p 34, lines 7–12 and p 44, line 11–p 45, line 5.

63 As for Mr Albader, it is true that the first defendant has bought out his
investment in the Company. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Plaintiffs’ Reply Submissions (“PRS”) at para 37.

Mr Albader therefore has no cause for complaint against the first defendant or
financial interest in the outcome of this suit. But Mr Albader is a good
friend of the plaintiffs and of Mr Sobers. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

17 May 2019 Transcript at p 79, lines 13–21.

This association is in my view sufficient to raise a real possibility that he
is not a wholly impartial witness. This may also explain Mr Albader’s failure
to own the preparation of his own affidavit of evidence in chief and to attain
mastery of its contents.

64 However, my finding that the affidavits of evidence in chief of the second
plaintiff, Mr Sobers and Mr Albader are not corroborative of the first
plaintiff’s affidavit of evidence in chief does not, in itself, undermine the
weight of the first plaintiff’s own evidence. That is because I accept,
contrary to the first defendant’s submission, that the source of the evidence
in the first plaintiff’s affidavit of evidence in chief is his own independent
memory of the relevant events, assisted in the usual way by reviewing the
relevant documents. The shortcomings in the preparation of the other
witnesses’ affidavits of evidence in chief was, in that sense, downstream from
and unconnected to the source of the first plaintiff’s evidence in chief. The
veracity of the first plaintiff’s evidence will therefore have to be assessed
like all other oral evidence: by weighing it in the light of the opposing oral
evidence, the independent and objective evidence and the associated inherent
probabilities.

The second defendant’s evidence

65 I turn now to consider the evidence of the second defendant.

66 The second defendant admitted in cross-examination that he was not present
at any of the discussions between the Kuwaiti Investors and the first
defendant in November and December 2012 at which the plaintiffs allege the
first defendant made the Representations. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

21 May 2019 Transcript at p 76, lines 20–28.

He therefore cannot give any direct evidence of the Representations within the
meaning of s 61 of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed).

67 The second defendant also accepted in cross-examination that he had no
knowledge of the Information Representation, the Personal Guarantee
Representation or the Non-Dilution Representation until he saw the plaintiffs’
statement of claim in this action. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

21 May 2019 Transcript at p 78, lines 12–18.

He therefore cannot give even indirect evidence of these three
Representations.

68 The only evidence that the second defendant can give, therefore, is
indirect evidence on the Investment Exit Representation. On that subject, the
second defendant’s oral evidence in chief was that the first defendant told
him at various times that he had agreed to buy out the Kuwaiti Investors: 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

PCS at para 82; 21 May 2019 Transcript at p 77, lines 1–7 and p 78, lines
10–18.

Q Is this the first time you’re hearing that an allegation has been made that
representations were made in November and December 2012? Is this the first
time you’re hearing this?

A No, Sir. Because [the first defendant] had said---okay, let me---let me
clarify. [The first defendant] had told me at various times that he had agreed
with [the first plaintiff] that if any of the Kuwaiti investors wanted to exit
their investment he would - quote unquote - buy them out.

69 This evidence is, of course, admissible as an admission by the first
defendant. However, for three reasons, I do not give much weight to this
evidence.

70 First, the second defendant’s evidence about the “various times” at which
the first defendant made these statements to the second defendant was
unsatisfactory. The second defendant joined the Company formally as an
employee in September 2014. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

21 May 2019 Transcript at p 79, lines 15–17.

His evidence was that the first defendant had made these statements to him
both before and after he joined the company. That does not, in itself, assist
the first plaintiff on the Misrepresentation Claim. To succeed on that, the
plaintiff must prove that the first defendant made the Investment Exit
Representation to the plaintiffs before May 2013.

71 Plaintiffs’ counsel asked specifically for further details of the “various
times”. In response, the second defendant said this: 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

21 May 2019 Transcript at p 78, lines 19–25.

Q You just told the Court that you had heard [the first defendant] say this to
you at various times. I’m quoting, “various times”. Can you be more precise
what you mean by “various times”?

A It was after that he had invested their monies into [the Company]. So at
various times would be on at most one or two occasions---I think one or two
occasions or a handful of occasions at most before I joined the company and
then on a handful of occasions after I joined the company.

72 The second defendant’s answer is ambiguous. It can mean either that the
first defendant made these statements to the second defendant after the
Kuwaiti Investors had invested in the Company. Or it could mean that it was
only after the first defendant made these statements to the second defendant
that the Kuwaiti Investors invested in the company. The plaintiff’s counsel
did not attempt to clarify this ambiguity. Given that the second defendant was
giving his evidence in chief orally, ie without an affidavit of evidence in
chief, discretion on counsel’s part was no doubt the better part of valour.
But the ambiguity which he allowed to remain in the second defendant’s
evidence on this crucial point must, in the final analysis, tell against the
plaintiffs, as the party on whom the burden of proof rests.

73 Second, the second defendant’s more detailed account of the first
defendant’s statements to him is neutral as between the plaintiffs’ case and
the first defendant’s case. Counsel for the plaintiffs asked the second
defendant why the first defendant would volunteer this information to him: 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

21 May 2019 Transcript at p 78, line 31–p 79, line 7.

Q Why would [the first defendant] volunteer this information to you or what
was the context in which he would tell you these things?

A It was the way in which he volunteered the information. It was friendly talk
early on. It was the tone in which he communicated. It was boastful at first,
it was as if to convey the impression that, “I have enough that if an investor
is being disruptive or if an investor not to my liking, I can simply buy them
out and tell them to be on their way.” And that tone changed to almost
stressed tone over time, after I joined the company and as the relationship
with the Kuwaiti investors frayed, and it appeared his own means were a little
constrained.

74 On another occasion, the second defendant expanded on his evidence of the
first defendant’s statements to him in this way: 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

21 May 2019 Transcript at p 79, line 20–p 80, line 4.

Q Do you recall any more details about any instances after September 2014?
It’s a bit closer in time to where we are today.

A Specific instance after September is your question, right?

Q If possible.

A Okay. About May of 2015, May of 2015 was when [the first defendant] had
bought out Mr [Gurmeet] Aman Bedi’s convertible note … and at that time there
was a discussion---there was a conversation between him and me about him
buying out a number of convertible note holders and the conversation that we
had at that time in broad terms was that the Kuwaiti investors and Sobers will
try and align Aman Bedi and Avtar Gill and they were all trying to
collectively pressure me to buy them all out quickly. I want to do it
piecemeal and I will do it in the order of nuisance value, so to speak. So the
more wealthy and more well-connected an investor was in [the first
defendant’s] mind, that was a higher priority to finish sooner and he could
manage the other investors later. That was the---that’s an instance in which I
recall him saying, “I do need to buy them out” or that, “I will buy them out,
but I have to prioritise and manage my resources.”

This account of the second defendant’s statement is equally consistent with
the first defendant’s case that he made a non-binding offer to buy out the
Kuwaiti Investors as personal favour, rather than undertaking any obligation
to do so.

75 Third, I accept the first defendant’s submission that the second defendant
is not a wholly impartial witness. The second defendant has a reason to be
adversely disposed to the first defendant. The second defendant accepted in
cross-examination that he has a fractured relationship with the first
defendant, 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

21 May 2019 Transcript at p 36, lines 1–3 and 22 May 2019 Transcript at p 97,
lines 20–29.

although he hastened to add that he would endeavour to testify truthfully. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

22 May 2019 Transcript at p 98, lines 15–21.

The catalyst for the fracture was the first defendant’s decision to compel the
second defendant to transfer part of his shares in the Company to a third
party in April 2017. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

21 May 2019 Transcript at p 36, lines 5–10 and 22 May 2019 Transcript at p 97,
line 20–p 98, line 2.

Further, the second defendant is a defendant in a separate ongoing suit
brought against him by the Company in July 2017, shortly after the defendants’
relationship fractured. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

22 May 2019 Transcript at p 96, lines 19–25.

That suit was no doubt brought at the behest of the first defendant as the
Company’s sole director and controlling shareholder. In that suit, the Company
makes serious allegations against the second defendant of breach of a number
of duties under his employment contract including his duty of confidence. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Second defendant’s affidavit filed on 8 October 2018 at p 20 at paras 6–7.

In addition, the second defendant has a reason to be favourably disposed to
the plaintiffs. It was only after the plaintiffs agreed to settle their
dispute with the second defendant that he agreed to give evidence for the
plaintiffs. For both these reasons, I accept that the second defendant has
reason to slant his testimony against the first defendant and in favour of the
plaintiffs, even while endeavouring to speak the truth.

The first plaintiff’s email in May 2015

76 The email from Phase 3 which the plaintiffs rely on as evidence of the
Representations is an email from the first plaintiff to the defendant in May
2015.

77 On 19 May 2015, the second defendant sent an email to the Kuwaiti
Investors, following up on his 19 April 2015 email (see [24] above), asking
for their addresses so that the Company could mail their share certificates to
them after conversion. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents (Vol 4) (“ABD-4”) at p 309.

78 The first plaintiff responded to the second defendant on the same day to
point out that the Kuwaiti Investors had asked to exit their investments with
a 30% premium: 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

PCS at para 74; ABD-4 at p 180.

I thought everyone has asked not to have their shares converted into shares
and wanted to cash out the convertible bond and take their 30% on principle?
[The first defendant], has confirmed to me in the past that when anyone wants
to leave he will issue a cheque for principle [sic] and 30%. Hence now only
that action needs to be taken.

Hence, no need for any conversion into shares and no certificates need to be
issued. Dear all, please confirm if this is correct.”

[emphasis added]

79 The first plaintiff submits that his assertion of the first defendant’s
confirmation in this email is corroboration of the first plaintiff’s oral
evidence of the Representations, and in particular the Investment Exit
Representation.

80 For four reasons, I do not accept this submission.

81 First, the first plaintiff sent this email in May 2015. This is two and a
half years after the first defendant allegedly made the Representations and
two years after the plaintiffs entered into the CNSAs. If the Representations
had indeed been made, and if the Representations were indeed so crucial to the
plaintiffs’ decision to invest in the Company and to enter into the CNSAs, one
would have expected some evidence of the Representations to have surfaced in
the parties’ correspondence much earlier.

82 Second, the assertion in this email is entirely self-serving. The email
originates from the first plaintiff. Furthermore, the first plaintiff made
this assertion at a time when the parties’ relationship had already come under
strain. By May 2015, the Kuwaiti Investors had expressed doubts about the
first defendant’s US$35m valuation for the Company and his assertion that a
Conversion Event had occurred. They were seeking the return of their
investment with a 30% premium (see [19]–[24] above). The Kuwaiti Investors had
thus already taken a position opposed to that of the Company and of the first
defendant. There was therefore every incentive for the first plaintiff to
attempt bolster the Kuwaiti Investors’ position in the correspondence.

83 Third, the first plaintiff does not, in this email, say when exactly “in
the past” the first defendant allegedly gave this confirmation to the first
plaintiff. The first plaintiff’s assertion in this email may therefore be some
evidence that the first defendant gave the first plaintiff a confirmation akin
to the Investment Exit Representation at some time before May 2015. But it is
not evidence of the crucial issue of fact in this action: that the first
defendant made the Investment Exit Representation to the plaintiffs before the
plaintiffs entered into the CNSAs in May 2013. Indeed, it could be said that
the first plaintiff’s failure in this email to make any specific reference to
the Representations or the plaintiffs’ reliance on them supports the first
defendant’s defence.

84 Fourth, there is nothing in this email which talks about the source of the
funds to be paid to the plaintiffs. The first plaintiff’s statement in this
email that the first defendant “will issue a cheque for principle [sic] and
30%” is equally consistent with the first defendant causing the Company to
redeem the Kuwaiti Investors’ loans with a 30% premium out of its own funds as
it is with the first defendant buying out the Kuwaiti Investors personally and
paying them a 30% premium out of his own funds.

85 The plaintiffs make much of the fact that the first defendant failed to
reject the first plaintiff’s assertion in this email. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

PCS at paras 75–76.

But I do not think that this failure is significant for two reasons.

86 First, the response to this email on 24 May 2015 amounts to an implicit
rejection of the first plaintiff’s assertion. The response came from the
second defendant to the first plaintiff. It shows that the proposal under
discussion at that time was not any payment by the first defendant to the
Kuwaiti Investors out of his own funds amounting to 130% of their investment
in the Company. Instead, the proposal was that the Kuwaiti Investors exit
their investment by converting their loans at 130% into shares and then
selling those shares either to the Company’s existing shareholders or to
outside shareholders in accordance with the pre-emption provisions in the
Company’s Articles of Association. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

ABD-4 at p 306.

For that reason, the second defendant explained to the first plaintiff in this
email why the Kuwaiti Investors’ loans would have to be converted into shares:
82

##### Foot Note 82

×

ABD-4 at p 306.

Three topics in this email:

1\. Sale of the shares to be allotted to you;

2\. Need for ID and Residence proof documents; and

3\. Confirmation of beneficial ownership of the shares to be allotted to you.

Summary

(1) The way to exit your investment, in the only way the Company can
facilitate and be a part of, is to sell your shares in the Company once these
are allotted to you. The Company woad have 3 months to sell to other
shareholders on your behalf, after which you have 6 months to do so
independently to third parties. You can confirm on this by replying (i) Yes to
this email.

[emphasis original]

87 Second, the first plaintiff disclosed in discovery his private email
exchange in May 2015 with Mr Sobers Sethi and with another investor, Mr Avtar
Gill, about the proposal in the second defendant’s email of 24 May 2015. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

ABD-4 at pp 303–305.

In that exchange, Mr Sobers Sethi asked what would happen if the Kuwaiti
Investors’ loans were converted into shares but the shares could then not be
sold. Mr Avtar Gill said that he and his wife, Ms Kuldip Gill, were
concentrating on preparations for what must have been a child’s wedding and
would not look at this issue until July 2015:

Kuldip and I are not making any decisions as of now. We are involved in
Sital’s Wedding preparations and will look at this in July. It may mean, they
will issue shares to us and then we are in a similar boat to you. Sink or swim
together.

88 The first plaintiff eventually responded to Mr Avtar Gill in terms that
showed he was sanguine about the possibility of allowing his loan to be
converted into shares:

Hi. I think under the current circumstances your thoughts and decision is the
best.

I would only request we keep things between all of us for the time being until
the wedding is a BIG SUCCESS then we all can discuss how to move forward.
Please keep in mind I have 3 other friends who have collectively invested
$200,000/- USD and I don’t want anything to compromise their monies.

Bobby’s initial idea was good…who know’s [sic] maybe by Jluy he sells it for
35 million and we all cash out happily!

I wish you and Kuldip the best for Sital’s wedding.

89 This is not the reaction one would expect if the plaintiffs had actually
been induced to invest in the Company by the first defendant assuring them
that he would buy out the Kuwaiti Investors at 130% from the first defendant’s
own funds and the first plaintiff had just been told by the second defendant
that the first defendant did not intend to honour that promise and was
suggesting a sale of shares instead.

Parties’ correspondence in Phase 3

90 It is convenient at this point to trace the parties’ correspondence in
Phase 3. I leave aside, for the time being, the correspondence about the 5
June 2015 Meeting. That correspondence is directly relevant only to the
Repayment Contract Claim. I therefore analyse that correspondence separately
at [144]–[148] below.

91 The remaining Phase 3 correspondence is wholly at odds with the plaintiffs’
case in this action. Reading this correspondence in context bearing in mind
the inherent probabilities supports my finding that the first defendant did
not make the Representations. The correspondence begins on 11 June 2015 when
the first defendant and Mr Alqabandi corresponded about the arrangements for
Mr Alqabandi’s exit. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

ABD-4 at p 334.

In due course, Mr Alqabandi received the return of his investment with a 30%
premium. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

Statement of claim at para 45.

92 In July 2015, Mr Albader and the first defendant exchanged emails on Mr
Albader’s exit. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

ABD-4 at pp 340 and 344.

Despite the strain in the parties’ relationship, the tone of the
correspondence remained entirely informal and completely friendly. At one
point, the first plaintiff even congratulated the first defendant and the
second defendant upon the formal announcement of a positive business
development for the Company. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

ABD-4 at p 356.

Indeed, even at this late juncture, in July 2015, Mr Albader expressed a
willingness to reconsider his decision and to remain an investor in the
Company if the first defendant could demonstrate that there had been
developments which improved the Company’s prospects. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

ABD-4 at p 344.

Having spoken to the first defendant by Skype, however, Mr Albader decided to
take the 30% premium and exit his investment in the Company. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

ABD-4 at p 362.

Mr Albader and the first defendant then exchanged correspondence in July and
August 2015 on the formalities of his exit and the mechanics of payment. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

ABD-4 at pp 364–398.

In due course, Mr Albader too received the return of his investment with a 30%
premium. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

Statement of claim at para 45.

93 In August 2015, the first defendant initiated discussions about the second
plaintiff’s exit. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

ABD-4 at p 399

When progress stalled, the first plaintiff emailed the first defendant on 9
September 2015 as follows: 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

ABD-4 at p 411.

Hi. Please advise if [the second plaintiff’s] funds have been transferred?

94 The first defendant replied to the first plaintiff on the same day as
follows:

… we had discussed and agree that i [sic] would clear or you and [the second
plaintiff] in December. [Mr Alqabandi] and [Mr Albader] were to be cleared
now. I will check my notes again and if I am mistaken will rectify

95 The first plaintiff replied to the first defendant, also on the same day,
as follows:

Hi. [The second plaintiff] was September and I was to be cleared by December.

You have raised the necessary funding clear it all and get it over with buddy!

I will re check as well.

Thanks!

96 The next day, the first defendant replied to the first plaintiff as
follows: 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

ABD-4 at p 411.

Yes, [the Company] has raised the funding however purchasing of your shares
would be done by me in a personal capacity nothing to do with the company or
that account.

Given the outlays I have incurred I had said when we met that while if I can
do it early as October I would otherwise December

97 In September 2015, the second plaintiff allowed the Company to convert his
loan under the CNSAs into shares in the Company. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

Statement of claim at para 44.

The first plaintiff did not believe the first defendant’s assertion that
conversion was required under Singapore law for the first defendant to buy out
the first plaintiff’s investment in the Company. The first plaintiff
accordingly refused to allow the Company to convert his loan into shares. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

Statement of claim at para 44.

98 On 5 October 2015, the second plaintiff asked the first plaintiff to chase
the first defendant to progress the second plaintiff’s exit. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

ABD-4 at p 415.

On 16 October 2015, the first plaintiff sent a chaser. In it, he also asked
for his own exit to be wrapped up at the same time if possible. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

ABD-4 at p 421.

The first plaintiff and the first defendant then engaged in a brief exchange
about getting the second plaintiff’s identification and address documentation
translated into English from Arabic. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

ABD-4 at p 428.

99 When there was no progress or update on the second plaintiff’s exit, the
first plaintiff sent the second defendant a reminder on 24 October 2015. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

ABD-4 at p 434.

The first defendant responded to this reminder on 24 October 2015 as follows:

I am in Delhi dude…will try today and you can reach me on 9560715299

100 The first plaintiff sent the first defendant two more reminders in
November 2015: on 1 November and 13 November 2015. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

ABD-4 at pp 440 and 444.

101 From 11 June 2015 up to this point, 13 November 2015, the plaintiffs’ tone
in the correspondence remained informal and friendly despite the strain and
their by-now adversarial position. The first plaintiff makes no reference in
any of this correspondence to the first defendant having made any
representations to the Kuwaiti Investors in 2012. He makes no reference to any
of the Kuwaiti Investors having relied on the first defendant’s personal
assurances in deciding to invest in the Company or to enter into the CNSAs. He
makes no reference to the first defendant having defrauded the plaintiffs by
failing to honour his assurances. He makes no reference to the first defendant
being under any legally-binding obligation to buy out the Kuwaiti Investors,
whether under a Separate Contract or a Repayment Contract.

102 On 13 November 2015, the first plaintiff’s tone changed, but even then,
only slightly. The first plaintiff sent the first defendant another reminder,
102

##### Foot Note 102

×

ABD-4 at p 449.

asking the first defendant to settle the second plaintiff’s exit as soon as
possible and to settle the first plaintiff’s own exit by December 2015 or
earlier “as agreed”. For the first time, the first defendant refers to the 5
June 2015 meeting. He also copies the email, including the preceding email
thread going back to August 2015, to Ms Simran Bedi and Mr Sobers. The first
plaintiff’s tone in this email was now more formal but remained polite and
cordial. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

ABD-4 at p 449.

103 On 6 December 2015, the first defendant responded to the first plaintiff
in a lengthy email. The email made three principal points. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

ABD-4 at p 473.

(a) First, that the first defendant did not consider himself under any legal
obligation to buy out the Kuwaiti Investors:

This offer to help facilitate an exit for all of you, was always and only ever
extended in a personal capacity on the basis of a personal favour that I would
try and do based on my own financial and life circumstances. I would only do
what I could, based on my judgment of what's feasible without risking my own
financial security or that of my own family. For each of [Mr Alqabandi] and
[Mr Albader], I have done what I can when my personal and financial
circumstances permitted, and it was always in the form of a favour, not as
part of any obligation. The case with you and [the second plaintiff] is no
different.

…

The so called ‘spirit of my intention’ that I referred to in my communication
after our meeting in June at [Ms Simran Bedi’s] residence was as I’ve
communicated time and again: that when my means and circumstances permit from
time to time, I will try and facilitate an exit from the company for you. The
terms of such exit were never intended to be, and are not, set in stone

(b) Second, that it was the plaintiffs’ own delay in confirming the beneficial
ownership of the rights under the CNSAs and in providing proof of identity and
residency which had caused the delay in progressing the plaintiffs’ exits: 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

ABD-4 at pp 474–475.

… I was alerted to the possibility that the legal owners of the shares may not
be the beneficial owners, and it is good governance to know who the beneficial
owners are. We therefore sought the declarations from you (and the Mideast
group that invested with you and under your direction) in April 2015 regarding
beneficial ownership. None of you have responded. This non compliance remains
outstanding for over 6 months. Similarly, its been over 6 months of non-
compliance regarding your ID and address proof documents.

(c) Finally, that the 5 June 2015 meeting had been without prejudice and that
the first defendant had undertaken no legal obligation to the Kuwaiti
Investors at that meeting: 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

ABD-4 at p 475.

After the meeting, I communicated respectfully to you, Aman, Sobers, and
Simran my surprise at receiving the minutes, and made it amply clear that they
were not an accurate record, that they contained inaccuracies and omissions. I
made it amply clear that ours was a personal discussion without prejudice,
i.e. that it was never intended to be a legal obligation and it is unfair to
try and force a burdensome interpretation on me when there is no basis to do
so.

Only the first two of the first defendant’s points in this email are relevant
to the Misrepresentation Claim. I will return to the third point when I
analyse the plaintiffs’ Repayment Contract Claim (see [181]–[188] below).

104 Following this email, it appears that the first plaintiff tried to contact
the first defendant by telephone to discuss its contents. The first defendant
declined to take the first plaintiff’s calls and asked the first plaintiff to
respond in writing. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

ABD-4 at p 479.

105 It is telling that the first plaintiff did not respond in writing to the
first defendant’s 6 December 2015 email to reject any of the first defendant’s
three principal points. More specifically, if the plaintiffs’ case were true,
one would have expected the first plaintiff to respond immediately and angrily
to assert that the first defendant made the Representations to the plaintiffs
in 2012, that the Kuwaiti Investors relied on the Representations in deciding
to invest in the Company and to enter into the CNSAs, that the first defendant
had defrauded the plaintiffs by failing to honour the Representations and that
the plaintiffs considered the first defendant to have undertaken a legally-
binding obligation to buy out the plaintiffs, either under a Separate Contract
or a Repayment Contract.

Pre-action correspondence between solicitors

106 It appears that the plaintiffs placed their dispute in the hands of his
solicitors soon after receiving the first defendant’s 6 December 2015 email.
The pre-action correspondence between the parties’ solicitors is also
completely at odds with the case which the plaintiffs now advance.

107 The first letter in this correspondence is a letter before action from the
plaintiffs’ solicitors to the Company dated 18 January 2016. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

ABD-4 at p 482.

The letter questions the way the Company was being managed and, in particular,
the validity of the Company’s declaration of a Conversion Event under the
CNSAs. It also asks the Company to provide to the plaintiffs the following
information: (a) the basis on which the second plaintiff’s loan had been
converted into 104,006 shares in the Company; (b) the identity of the Series A
Funder, the amount he had invested and the terms of his investment; and (c)
the Company’s financial statements, its financial condition and its business
plan. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

ABD-4 at p 483, para 5.

108 The letter concludes with the following intimation of legal proceedings if
the Company failed to address the plaintiffs’ concerns to their satisfaction:
110

##### Foot Note 110

×

ABD-4 at p 484, para 8.

If you choose to resist our clients’ above request for information, then it
will be clear to our clients, and consequently the High Court, that the
Company and its officers are intentionally withholding information to conceal
possible misconduct and/or breaches, contractual or otherwise. If this is the
case, we have our clients’ express instructions to commence legal proceedings
against the Company, its directors and senior management, including but not
limited to Mr. Sandeep Singh Bhatia and Mr. Abhishek Singh, and seek the
relevant remedies, including but not limited to, the repurchase of their
interests in the notes and/or conversion shares based on your own declared
valuation of US$35 million or for the Company to be wound up or an action to
require the Company to bring an action against its directors for misconduct
and mismanagement.

109 Three points are significant about this letter before action. First, the
dispute which is the subject-matter of the letter is a dispute between the
plaintiffs and the Company, not with the first defendant personally. That is
why the letter is addressed to the Company and merely marked for the first
defendant’s attention (along with the second defendant) rather than being
addressed directly to the first defendant. That is also why the reference to
the first defendant in the letter’s conclusion is a reference to him in his
capacity as one of the “officers” and the “directors and senior management” of
the Company rather than in his personal capacity.

110 Second, the nature of the dispute which is the subject matter of this
letter has nothing whatsoever to do with any misrepresentations of any kind,
whether by the first defendant personally or even by the Company, let alone
misrepresentations which preceded and induced the plaintiffs’ investment and
entry into the CNSAs, let alone misrepresentations by the first defendant in
his personal capacity which had that effect. It appears from the conclusion to
the letter that the plaintiffs at that time considered that they had a right
to commence proceedings against the Company and its directors for relief from
minority oppression under s 216 of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) or
to seek leave to bring a statutory derivative action in the Company’s name
under s 216A of the Companies Act, with the defendants joined to that
litigation as necessary and proper parties and not as direct wrongdoers.

111 Third, the concluding paragraph makes clear that the remedy which the
plaintiffs intended then to seek from the courts if their concerns were not
addressed is an order for the “repurchase” of their interests in the CNSAs or
the resulting conversion shares at the first defendant’s disputed valuation of
US$35m. That can only be an order against the Company, as the addressee of the
letter. And nothing in the preceding seven paragraphs of the letter suggests
that there was, at that time, any contractual or other right, primary or
secondary, already vested in the plaintiffs to have the Company “repurchase”
those interests at any valuation. The foreshadowed relief in the letter’s
conclusion is therefore inconsistent with both: (a) a right vested in the
plaintiffs at the time of this letter to have their interests under the CNSAs
or the resulting conversion shares bought out by any person; and (b) a right
of any kind vested in the plaintiffs at the time of this letter against the
first defendant personally.

112 The Company responded to the letter initially directly through the second
defendant 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

ABD-4 at p 486.

and subsequently through solicitors. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at pp 287 and 289; First defendant’s AEIC at p 517.

The Company’s solicitors’ response dated 31 January 2016 repeated the points
which the first defendant made in his 6 December 2015 email:

2 …

(d) We are instructed that your clients traveled [sic] to Singapore in April
2015 to meet with the Company and its officers. Following disagreement over
their share of the Company, a group of investors comprising at least [the
plaintiffs], Mr. Yousuf Alqabandi, and Mr. Mohammad Albader…, under the
direction of your clients, decided to exit their investment in [the Company],
predominantly because they were unsuccessful in their attempts to renegotiate
the [CNSAs].

(e) We are instructed that since at least 21 April 2015, your clients' focus
has been on trying to force [the first defendant] to buy out their interests
at 130% of the value of their initial investment.

…

(h) In the face of your clients' continuing demand to be bought out at 130% of
the face value of their investment, the Company has explained repeatedly to
them that in the absence of any buy out obligation in the [CNSAs], that the
Company remains willing to help facilitate a sale of their shares to other
investors in the Company. The proposed mechanics of the same, consistent with
the constitution of the Company, have been explained to your clients in
writing in April 2015.

(i) As recently as the 6 Dec Email, despite the matters highlighted therein
that continue to threaten the Company, … [the first defendant] has re-conveyed
the Company's willingness to speak with your clients in good faith about
resolving your clients' concerns amicably, and [the Company’s] willingness to
help facilitate their exit from the Company.

…

9\. Insofar as your clients wish to sell their shares in our client, our
client remains prepared to provide reasonable assistance to liaise with other
existing shareholders (and/or third parties) to see if they would like to
purchase the same. …

113 The plaintiffs’ solicitors replied to this letter on 6 February 2016. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

First defendant’s AEIC at p 522.

They did not address the Company’s solicitors’ central allegations in the
paragraphs I have quoted at [112] above, but merely reserved the plaintiffs’
position. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

First defendant’s AEIC at p 523, para 10.

In particular, the plaintiffs’ solicitors did not, in response, advance any of
the claims on which the plaintiffs now rely in this action against the first
defendant personally or assert any of the facts underlying those claims. The
letter concluded by foreshadowing the plaintiffs’ intention to commence an
action against the Company and the two defendants and by asking the Company’s
solicitors to confirm that they had instructions to act for the two defendants
in addition to the Company.

114 On 12 February 2016, the Company’s solicitors confirmed that they had
instructions to act and accept service not only for the company but for the
two defendants. The solicitors also pointed out – correctly – that none of the
plaintiff’s solicitors’ correspondence up to that date had articulated any
cause of action against the Company or either of the defendants. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

First defendant’s AEIC at p 525, para 2.

115 After an exchange of letters on 29 February 2016 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

First defendant’s AEIC at p 528.

and 6 March 2016, 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

First defendant’s AEIC at p 531.

in which each side merely maintained and reiterated its position, the
plaintiffs commenced this action on 18 March 2016.

116 This entire correspondence is completely inconsistent with the plaintiffs’
claims in this action. None of the plaintiffs’ claims in this action against
the first defendant personally are foreshadowed anywhere in this
correspondence. This is yet further support for my finding that the first
defendant did not in fact make any of the Representations to the plaintiffs.

The Representations are uncommercial

117 The first defendant struck me from his demeanour and his background as a
seasoned and hard-headed businessman. I accept his evidence that the
Representations are wholly uncommercial. They tilt the investment entirely in
the plaintiffs’ favour. They also expose the first defendant to, at the very
least, a theoretical risk of personal liability. The first defendant is not so
commercially naïve as to have carried on his business through the Company in
order to shield himself from personal liability and then to make the
Representations, thereby engaging his personal liability, at least
theoretically.

118 The first defendant’s evidence at trial was that the Investment Exit
Representation would be “too good to believe”, “completely irrational”,
“completely insensible” and “preposterous and absurd”. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

23 May 2019 Transcript at p 8, line 29–p 90, line 19.

I accept the first defendant’s evidence. Further, it was not suggested to the
first defendant in cross-examination that he had any commercial incentive at
the time to give the Kuwaiti Investors such uncommercial assurances in order
to induce their investment.

119 The plaintiffs too struck me from their demeanour and their background as
seasoned and hard-headed businessmen. The first plaintiff has experience
running his family business, 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

14 May 2019 Transcript at p 39, lines 26–31.

while the second plaintiff is a board member of a stock broking company. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

17 May 2019 Transcript at p 3, lines 17–31.

It is true that, in making these investments, the plaintiffs and the first
defendant were dealing with each other as friends, and therefore not as
adversaries or with any degree of formality. It is also true that the amounts
in question are not substantial, both in the context of the plaintiffs’ wealth
and in the nature of investments in a friends and family round. Despite that,
if the first defendant had indeed made the Representations and if they were
indeed so critical to the plaintiffs’ decision to invest in the Company and to
enter into the CNSAs, I consider it contrary to the inherent probabilities
that seasoned and hard-headed businessmen like the plaintiffs would have
allowed representations as favourable to them as the Representations to remain
completely undocumented.

120 The first plaintiff explained his conduct on the basis that he trusted the
first defendant because they were good friends, 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

14 May 2019 Transcript at p 92, lines 1–5.

and because he respected the first defendant’s financial knowledge. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

14 May 2019 Transcript at p 90, lines 25–31.

The second plaintiff explained that he trusted the first defendant because the
first plaintiff trusted him, even though to the first plaintiff, the first
defendant was merely an acquaintance. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

16 May 2019 Transcript at p 105, lines 3–11.

121 I find this explanation unconvincing. I consider it far more likely that
seasoned and hard-headed businessmen, even if dealing with friends and with
relatively small sums, would have recorded the fact that the Representations
were made and their content in writing in some way, even if only to evidence
them after entering into the CNSAs. After all, businessmen know that when the
time comes to rely on oral representations, even ones made by a friend, the
representor has every incentive to deny having made them.

122 In summary, my view is that proceeding entirely on trust in these
circumstances, even with a friend and even given the relatively small amount
invested, is inconsistent with the plaintiffs’ sophistication and experience.
That is yet another reason I find that that the first defendant did not make
the Representations.

The first defendant’s conduct in buying out other investors

123 Finally, as evidence that the first defendant made the Representations,
the plaintiffs point to the fact that the first defendant actually bought out
Mr Albader and Mr Alqabandi as well as an unrelated friends and family
investor Mr Gurmeet Aman Bedi at 130% of their respective investments between
May and August 2015. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

PCS at para 80.

124 I begin the analysis with the buyouts of Mr Alqabandi and Mr Albader. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

First defendant’s AEIC at para 48(d).

These buyouts occurred after the 5 June 2015 Meeting. The plaintiffs’ case is
that, during or after the 5 June 2015 Meeting, the first defendant entered
into an oral contract to buy out the Kuwaiti Investors at 130% of their
investments. In the circumstances, if the buyouts for Mr Albader and Mr
Alqabandi evidence anything, they evidence the plaintiffs’ case that the first
defendant entered into a contract at the 5 June 2015 Meeting to buy out the
Kuwaiti Investors 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

PRS at para 31.

and not that the first defendant made the Representations.

125 I turn now to the buyout of Mr Gurmeet Aman Bedi. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

PRS at para 30(a).

The first defendant bought out Mr Bedi’s investment in May 2015, before the 5
June 2015 Meeting. So Mr Gurmeet Aman Bedi’s buyout cannot be connected to
anything which the first defendant said or did at the 5 June 2015 Meeting. His
buyout may be some evidence that the first defendant made the Representations
to Mr Gurmeet Aman Bedi. But it is not evidence that the first defendant made
any of the Representations to the plaintiffs. The first defendant’s conduct in
buying out Mr Gurmeet Aman Bedi, when considered in the light of all the
evidence, is far too slight to warrant drawing the inference that the first
defendant made the Representations to the plaintiffs in 2012.

The first defendant’s lack of credibility

126 I must at this point deal with the first defendant’s credibility. I accept
the plaintiffs’ submission that he was an unsatisfactory and unreliable
witness. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

PCS at para 41.

He was, in the course of cross-examination caught out in several statements
which were easily demonstrated to be false. I list only six of them.

127 First, the first defendant claimed in cross-examination that, while he was
confident about the Company’s prospects, he had never informed investors in
the Company that he believed that their investments could increase threefold
to fivefold, using those specific numbers. Plaintiff’s counsel was able to
demonstrate easily that this was false by putting two specific emails from
January 2015 to the first defendant showing that he had indeed used those
precise numbers on at least two occasions. 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

PCS at 150(a).

128 Second, the first defendant stated in his affidavit of evidence in chief,
and indeed on other occasions, that the Company’s paid-up capital was $300,000
divided into 300,000 shares with par value $1.00 each even before the
investment funds from the friends and family round came in. However, when the
first defendant was cross-examined on this statement at trial, he gave
contradictory and unsatisfactory answers in an effort to explain evidence
which suggested that he paid that capital in to the Company, not upon
incorporation, but only in December 2013, long after incorporation and well
after the funds from the friends and family round had come in. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

PCS at para 150(b).

129 Third, in October 2014, during the Phase 2 correspondence and before the
parties’ relationship came under strain, the first defendant told the Kuwaiti
Investors in an email that he was not drawing a salary from the Company. Under
cross-examination, the first defendant had to concede that he did in fact draw
a salary of $5,000 a month in cash from the Company in 2014. Further, although
his salary in other years was not drawn in cash, it remained due and continued
to accrue as a liability to him in the Company’s books. 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

PCS at para 150(c).

130 Fourth, when the first defendant told the Kuwaiti Investors that he had
valued the company at US$35m, they asked him to justify the valuation. In
March 2015, he sent by email several documents to the Kuwaiti Investors which
he said in the covering email justified his valuation and which, on their
face, appeared to do so. But when asked at trial to explain how precisely
those documents justified his valuation, the first defendant conceded that the
attachments were not the basis on which he valued the company at US$35m. He
was then unable to justify the figure. The second defendant also testified
that he considered the valuation to be too aggressive and unsupported by the
Company’s performance figures and prospects at that time. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

PCS at paras 150(d)–150(f).

131 Fifth, the first defendant claimed in his affidavit of evidence in chief
that he had, when he received draft minutes of the 5 June 2015 Meeting under
cover of an email from Mr Gurmeet Aman Bedi on 9 June 2015 (“the Draft
Minutes”, (see [144] below)), reviewed the Draft Minutes and made amendments
and annotations to them in the soft copy Microsoft Word document itself. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

First defendant’s AEIC at para 176.

The first defendant also claimed that he had attached his amended and
annotated version of the Draft Minutes to his reply email dated 10 June 2015
(see [145] below). A copy of the Draft Minutes with the first defendant’s
amendments and annotations 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

ABD-4 at p 325; First plaintiff’s AEIC at p 508.

appeared in both his affidavit of evidence in chief and the agreed bundle of
documents immediately after his 10 June 2015 email. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

ABD-4 at p 324; First plaintiff’s AEIC at p 507.

132 First defendant’s counsel – presumably on the first defendant’s
instructions – cross-examined the first plaintiff on the basis that the first
defendant had indeed attached the amended and annotated Minutes to his 10 June
2015 email and that the Draft Minutes as amended and annotated was the more
correct reflection of what was discussed at the 5 June 2015 Meeting. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

15 May 2019 Transcript at p 72, line 30–p 74, line 10 and p 75, line 2–p 84,
line 2.

The first plaintiff initially expressed doubt in his answers that the first
defendant had attached anything at all to his 10 June 2015 email. The first
plaintiff then produced incontrovertible evidence from his electronic records
that the first defendant had indeed sent the email with no attachment.

133 It was only at that point that the first defendant’s counsel confirmed –
again, presumably on the first defendant’s instructions – that the first
defendant had attached nothing to his 10 June 2015 email. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

15 May 2019 Transcript at p 84, lines 7–10; 16 May 2019 Transcript at p 1,
lines 9–18.

Later, when the first defendant took the stand, he corrected his affidavit of
evidence in chief to remove the assertion that he had attached the amended and
annotated minutes to his 10 June 2015 email. 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

23 May 2019 Transcript at p 51, lines 6–8; 24 May 2019 Transcript at p 3,
lines 13–22 and p 5, lines 21–24.

Neither the plaintiff nor his counsel explained why the first defendant had
made an untrue claim in his affidavit of evidence in chief. Neither the
plaintiff nor his counsel explained why the amended and annotated version of
the Draft Minutes had been presented in the agreed bundle and in the first
defendant’s affidavit of evidence in chief in a manner which suggested that
the first defendant had indeed attached it to his 10 June 2015 email.

134 Sixth, the first defendant’s case at trial was that a Conversion Event
under the terms of the CNSAs was triggered as at 31 March 2015 by an external
investor making an investment in March 2015 under an agreement executed in
August 2014. However, the plaintiffs managed to secure documentary evidence in
discovery which established that the investor had signed the agreement only in
May 2015 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

PCS at para 116.

and received his shares only in September 2015. I therefore find that there
was no Conversion Event in existence as at 31 March 2015, the date by which
the first defendant asserted to the Kuwaiti Investors one had occurred. 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

PCS at para 118.

The plaintiffs managed to secure this evidence to prove this only after
doggedly pursuing the underlying documents through discovery applications. The
first defendant resisted all of these applications, culminating in an unless
order against him.

135 These discrepancies, taken together with others, establish that the first
defendant was not a credible witness. However, this finding serves only to
diminish the weight to be attached to his evidence. It does not prove the
contrary, ie that the first defendant did indeed make the Representations. Nor
does this finding suffice, in itself, to outweigh the difficulties with the
plaintiffs’ own witnesses’ evidence and the inferences to be drawn from the
inherent probabilities which I have outlined above. It therefore remains my
finding that the first defendant did not make the Representations.

Conclusion on the Misrepresentation Claim

136 For these reasons, I find that the first defendant did not make the
Representations to the plaintiffs. That finding alone suffices to dismiss
their Misrepresentation Claim. It is therefore not necessary for me to analyse
the remaining limbs of this claim.

Separate Contract Claim

137 The plaintiffs’ case on the Separate Contract Claim is that the
Representations gave rise to a collateral or a “concurrent” contract, as the
plaintiffs plead it in the statement of claim. 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

Statement of claim at para 32B.

By making the Representations, the first defendant made an offer to the
Kuwaiti Investors. 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

Statement of claim at para 32D.

The Kuwaiti Investors accepted the offer and also furnished consideration for
it by conduct, ie by agreeing to invest in the Company and by entering into
the CNSAs. 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

Statement of claim at para 32E.

The only two terms of the Separate Contract which are pleaded are the
Investment Exit Representation and the Non-Dilution Representation. 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

Statement of claim at para 32B.

138 The Separate Contract Claim cannot succeed unless I find that the first
defendant made the Representations. I have found that the first defendant did
not make the Representations (see [136] above). That finding alone suffices to
dismiss the Separate Contract Claim.

Repayment Contract Claim

139 I turn now to the Repayment Contract Claim.

140 The plaintiffs claim that the first defendant entered into the Repayment
Contract with the Kuwaiti Investors at the 5 June 2015 Meeting. The plaintiffs
also claim that, under the Repayment Contract, the first defendant is
contractually obliged to buy out each of the Kuwaiti Investor at 130% of the
amount invested. 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

PCS at para 33.

141 To establish the Repayment Contract Claim, the plaintiffs rely on the oral
evidence of their witnesses as well as on the exchange of emails following the
5 June 2015 Meeting.

142 The first defendant’s defence is that: (a) the parties did not have any
intention to create legal relations at the 5 June 2015 Meeting; and (b) the
plaintiffs provided no consideration for the Repayment Contract. 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

Defence at para 48.

143 I accept both of the first defendant’s defences. To explain why, I begin
with an analysis of the email communication following the 5 June 2015 meeting.

Emails following the 5 June 2015 Meeting

144 The exchange begins on 9 June 2015 with an email from Mr Gurmeet Aman Bedi
addressed to the first plaintiff, Mr Sobers and the first defendant. He
attached to his email the Draft Minutes. Those minutes were prepared by the
first plaintiff and checked by Mr Gurmeet Aman Bedi. 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

PCS at para 37.

The plaintiffs’ case is that the Draft Minutes record the first defendant’s
agreement at the 5 June 2015 Meeting to buy out the Kuwaiti Investors at 130%
of their respective investments: 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

ABD-4 at pp 319–320.

4) [The first defendant] confirmed his will to exit all existing investors as
per his agreement with all. For a principle [sic] + 30%. [The first defendant]
further offered to clear one of the investors on Monday 8th of June. The
second in 4 weeks [sic] time and the remaining 2 investors by December 2015.
It was agreed [the first plaintiff] would discuss the timelines with other
investors and confirm. [The first defendant], clarified he has no intention of
any wrong hence he had offered the principle [sic] + 30% and is holding firm
to his word. Hence, the actions required from now until [December] 2015. [The
first defendant] made it very clear that it was his personal responsibility to
ensure [the Kuwaiti Investors] are exited as this was per his commitment to
all during the friends and family round. [The first defendant] further
confirmed if the value of the company is to increase as he plans on conducting
another larger funding round for the investors remaining in October – December
2015 that he is willing to pay them out at the higher valuation. All attendees
agreed that was very kind of [the first defendant] but would like to stick to
the original principle [sic] amount + 30% which was further agreed by all the
other investors.

5) [The first defendant] is requesting a six month window to repay as he is
raising money from the Series A round and would need time to raise the funds
while paying the existing investors who are exiting the principle [sic] + 30%.
[The first defendant] confirmed that he has raised 1.1 million USD for Series
A for which all attendees congratulated his accomplishment and wished him all
the best for the future.

6) It was confirmed by [the first plaintiff] he would discuss the exit terms
with all the other [Investors] and confirm to [the first defendant] the
actions. All the [Investors] being: [the first plaintiff] – S$250,000/- USD.
[The second plaintiff] - $ 100,000/- USD. [Mr Albader] - $ 50,000/- USD. [Mr
Alqabandi] - $50,000/-. All have agreed to exit from [the Company] at the
agreed principle [sic] + 30% return. Only request the investors have is that
the exit is executed as per these stated timelines. [Mr Alqabandi] - June 8.
[Mr Albader] – July 8, [the second plaintiff] – August 15th, [the first
plaintiff] 2 part payments, September 15th 50% of principle [sic] + 30% and
October 15th 50% + principle [sic]. To Complete the payments by [the first
defendant] by October.

7) [The first defendant] confirms that he had already purchased [Mr Gurmeet
Aman Bedi’s] investment at principle [sic] + 30%. And has offered the same as
mentioned above principle [sic] + 30% to … another investor in [the Company].

145 On 10 June 2015, the first defendant replied to Mr Gurmeet Aman Bedi,
copying the first plaintiff and Mr Sobers. The first defendant expressed
surprise at the fact that any minutes had been recorded at all, and took the
position that the 5 June 2015 Meeting had been a without prejudice meeting and
that the Draft Minutes did not record accurately or without omission what was
discussed at the 5 June 2015 Meeting:

… I was duly surprised to receive the minutes. As you know and confirmed the
meeting was a personal meeting to be conducted between you [Mr] Sobers and
myself. I had specifically stated that if [the first plaintiff] (a noteholder)
has to be present I would have requested someone to be there from my side and
made it official. Please read this as I am addressing you with due respect and
the correct intent.

Given, it was a personal discussion without prejudice. I didn’t realize our
discussion was being recorded and minutes of the discussion would be
distributed. If we are to record minutes of the meeting then I would suggest
they cover the entire conversation comprehensively including all topics
discussed and not only [the Company]. The current document provided by you is
not comprehensive and contains inaccuracies and omissions. [Mr Gurmeet Aman
Bedi], with all due respect, and given the fact the business discussion
between [the first plaintiff] and me as stakeholders of [the Company], should
be initiated, discussed, and remain between stakeholders. Therefore, I would
request you and [Mr] Sobers to excuse yourself from this discussion.

Having said that the spirit of my intention remains the same.

Evidence of the 5 June 2015 meeting is admissible

146 There is an evidential privilege which attaches to communications between
litigants in a genuine attempt to settle their dispute. This privilege is
commonly referred to as the “without prejudice” privilege. It is recognised in
Singapore both in our common law of evidence and by s 23 of the Evidence Act.

147 Although the first defendant attached the label “without prejudice” to the
5 June Meeting, his counsel concedes that evidence of the discussions at the
meeting is admissible. In other words, it is common ground between the parties
that I do not need to determine whether the 5 June 2015 Meeting was or was not
subject to the without prejudice privilege. 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

24 May 2019 Transcript at p 30, line 18–p 31, line 3.

148 Defendant’s counsel’s concession is correctly made. It appears from the
defendants’ evidence that what they meant by the label “without prejudice” was
not that the discussions were cloaked with a privilege from compulsory
disclosure in litigation, whether pre-trial or at trial. Instead, what they
simply meant was to reserve the parties’ right to resile from positions taken
at the meeting and to withdraw admissions made at the meeting. The phrase
“without prejudice” is commonly misused in this way, even by lawyers.

The first defendant offered to buy out the investors

149 The first defendant alleges in his email of 10 June 2015 that the Draft
Minutes contain inaccuracies and omissions. But, apart from the amended and
annotated Minutes which the first defendant now accepts he did not send
contemporaneously to the plaintiffs (see [133] above), the first defendant has
never deigned to identify any specific inaccuracies or omissions, whether
contemporaneously in June 2015 or in the course of his evidence at trial.
Furthermore, his counsel was unable even at the end of trial, in the course of
his of oral closing submissions, to identify any specific inaccuracies or
omissions in the Draft Minutes.

150 I therefore take the Draft Minutes as a broadly accurate record of the
discussions at the 5 June 2015 Meeting, even after making the necessary
allowances for the inevitable self-serving shading that one would expect to
find in a document of this nature, prepared as it was by only one party to a
dispute after the battle lines in the dispute had been drawn.

151 Reading the Draft Minutes in the context of the first defendant’s response
dated 10 June 2015, the entire correspondence in Phase 3 and the first
defendant’s subsequent conduct, I find that the first defendant did, at the 5
June 2015 Meeting, offer to buy each Kuwaiti Investor out at 130% of his
investment after he had converted his loan into shares in the Company. But
that does not get the plaintiffs home on the Repayment Contract Claim. An
offer is not, in itself, a contract. Even a promise is not, in itself, a
contract. Amongst other things, both an intention to create legal relations
and consideration must accompany an offer or a promise to give rise to a
contract.

152 I therefore turn now to consider the first defendant’s defences that the
parties had no intention to create legal relations at the 5 June 2015 meeting
and that the Kuwaiti Investors supplied no consideration for the Repayment
Contract.

No intention to create legal relations

153 The test of whether parties intended to create legal relations is
objective: Tribune Investment Trust Inc v Soosan Trading Co Ltd [2000] 2
SLR(R) 407 at [40]. It is presumed that parties who enter into agreements in a
business or commercial context do intend to create legal relations. The
converse presumption operates in a social or domestic context (Gay Choon Ing v
Loh Sze Ti Terence Peter and another appeal [2009] 2 SLR(R) 332 (“Gay Choon
Ing”) at [72]).

154 The difficulty, of course, is that the plaintiffs and the first defendant
had both a business relationship and a social relationship. The case of Oei
Hong Leong and another v Chew Hua Seng [2020] SGHC 39 (“Oei Hong Leong”) is
instructive on the effect of the approach when the contexts overlap in this
way.

155 In Oei Hong Leong, a shareholder of a company and the company’s founder
and chief executive officer were also friends. The friends had a disagreement
about how the company should be run. They met to discuss the way forward for
the shareholder’s investment in the company. As a result of their meeting,
they signed a handwritten note which provided that the founder was to procure
a buyer for the shareholder’s shares in the company. The founder failed to do
so. The shareholder sued the founder on the handwritten note, claiming that it
amounted to a contract.

156 Lee Seiu Kin J rejected the shareholder’s claim. In finding that the
parties had no intention to create legal relations, Lee J made the following
findings and observations:

(a) The meeting between the parties was not conducted in a purely business
context. Their discussion was not convened in a formal setting or in the
presence of legal advisors. Instead, they met outside business hours at the
house of the shareholder’s sister, with family members in attendance. This
would have been “an unlikely setting in which to negotiate a contractual …
agreement”: at [41].

(b) Both parties were given an indication that the purpose of the meeting was
to each party to hear the other out in an informal setting: at [42].

(c) The handwritten note was drafted by a lay person and could not have been
intended by the parties to carry legal effect. As commercial men, the parties
would have instructed lawyers to draft a legal document to capture their
obligations correctly: at [54].

157 Lee J’s observations are pertinent to the present case. Much like the
meeting in Oei Hong Leong, the first plaintiff and the first defendant were
friends whose friendship had come under strain. The 5 June 2015 Meeting was
convened for the first plaintiff and the first defendant to hear each other
out. 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC at para 87(a); First defendant’s AEIC at para 148.

The Meeting was held in the absence of legal representatives. It was held in a
domestic setting rather than a business setting. There were friends and family
members in attendance who were not parties to the underlying business
transaction between the Kuwaiti Investors and the Company, ie Mr Sobers, Mr
Gurmeet Aman Bedi and Ms Simran Bedi. In my view, the parties did not manifest
objectively an intention to create legal relations when they attended the 5
June 2015 Meeting in these circumstances.

158 I turn to the form of the alleged agreement. In Oei Hong Leong, the
alleged agreement was reduced to writing, albeit in the form of a handwritten
note drafted on the spot by lay people. By contrast, the plaintiffs’ case is
that the Repayment Contract is an entirely oral contract concluded at the 5
June 2015 Meeting. I note Lee J’s observation that businessmen ordinarily
instruct lawyers to document their obligations accurately, and do not base
their legally binding commitments on notes drafted by lay people.

159 There is evidence in this case that the first defendant relied on the
second defendant for that very purpose. Indeed, it is common ground that the
first defendant sought the assistance of second defendant (as the Company’s
General Counsel) to draft the CNSAs in 2013. 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

Defence at para 11(b); DRS at para 11.

Lee J’s observation applies a fortiori to the entirely oral agreement which
the plaintiffs allege in the present case. It is in my view contrary to the
inherent probabilities that the parties intended to create legal relations in
this case purely orally.

160 Indeed, Mr Gurmeet Aman Bedi’s email attaching the Draft Minutes notably
does not assert that the parties had entered into a contract at the 5 June
Meeting by which the first defendant was now legally bound. Instead, he said
in his covering email: 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

ABD-4 at p 318.

Buddy,

Just a [sic] concise minutes of the meeting. Have all the points included. Let
me know if anything needs to be added and a final contract can be drafted from
the attachment.

Thanks again for all the understandings.

Best regards

Aman

161 It is true that the first defendant’s response to this email (see [145]
above) did not assert that the parties did not enter into any contract at the
5 June 2015 Meeting by which the first defendant was legally bound. But that
is because Mr Gurmeet Aman Bedi made no such assertion in his covering email.
Nor did the Draft Minutes themselves purport to record a contract between the
first defendant and the plaintiffs. In fact, Mr Gurmeet Aman Bedi’s request to
the first defendant to let him know if anything needed to be added to the
Draft Minutes and his reference to “a final contract” being drafted from the
Draft Minutes all support the first defendant’s case that the parties had no
intention to create legal relations at the 5 June 2015 Meeting.

The meaning of “agree”

162 The plaintiffs’ submissions place great weight on the parties’ use of the
verb “agree” and its cognate expressions – especially the noun “agreement” –
in their correspondence. The plaintiffs place similar weight on verbs such as
“promise” and “confirm”. The submission is that the use of these words amount
to an admission or acknowledgement by the first defendant that he considered –
contemporaneously with the 5 June 2015 Meeting and while he was buying out Mr
Alqabandi and Mr Albader and preparing to buy out the plaintiffs – that he had
indeed entered into a binding contract to do so at the 5 June 2015 Meeting.
153

##### Foot Note 153

×

PCS at para 50.

163 I do not accept this submission. The verb “agree” and the noun “agreement”
have very different meanings as ordinary words of the English language and in
legal usage. As an ordinary word of the English language, the word “agree”
simply means to have the same opinion or view as another person or to concur
with that person. The noun “agreement” thus means simply an accordance between
two more persons in opinion or feeling. In legal usage, however, the verb
“agree” and the noun “agreement” have dual meanings. They bear their usual
meaning as ordinary words of the English language. But they also used loosely
as a synonym for “contract”.

164 I do not accept that the parties used the word “agree” or “agreement” as a
synonym for “contract” in their correspondence, let alone “promise” or
“confirm”. That is simply not how lay people use these words. I therefore give
no weight to these words as carrying any legal effect or expressly a legal
conclusion where they appear in the correspondence between the parties. I
consider the use of these words – and indeed, all of the statements by the
first defendant of his intent to buy out the Kuwaiti Investors in this
correspondence – to be more consistent with the first defendant’s defence
that, at the 5 June 2015 Meeting, he concurred with the plaintiffs’ opinion on
the way forward than with the plaintiffs’ case that these words were intended
to and did give rise to a contract.

165 I therefore do not find it surprising that the first defendant did not
deny that he was under a legal obligation to buy out the Kuwaiti Investors in
this correspondence. The plaintiffs did not suggest at any time that the first
defendant was under any such obligation. Furthermore, the plaintiffs did not
follow up on their suggestion (through Mr Gurmeet Aman Bedi’s email in June
2015 to which the Minutes were attached (see [144] above)) that the parties’
“agreement” (used as an ordinary word of the English language) be formalised
as a contract.

166 For all these reasons, I find that the first defendant and the plaintiffs
had no intention to create legal relations in their discussions at the 5 June
2015 Meeting. That suffices in itself to dismiss the Repayment Contract Claim.
But I also consider that the plaintiffs provided no consideration for the
Repayment Contract.

No consideration

167 The plaintiffs’ case, as pleaded in their reply, is that the plaintiffs
provided a variety of consideration for the Repayment Contract including by
forbearing to sue him on the Representations: 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

Reply (Amendment No 1) at para 46(b).

The consideration provided by the Plaintiffs in relation to the Repayment
Contract…includes but is not limited to (i) the release of the 1st Defendant’s
obligation to keep the Plaintiffs closely informed about the management and
operations of the Company as set out at paragraph 9(a) of the SOC; (ii) the
Plaintiffs giving the 1st Defendant more time to personally purchase the 1st
and 2nd Plaintiffs’ shares in the Company after conversion of the respective
convertible notes into shares of the Company, at a purchase price equivalent
to 130% of their initial investment; (iii) the Plaintiffs’ forbearance from
suing the 1st Defendant; and/or (iv) the Plaintiffs agreeing not to exit the
Company immediately …

[emphasis added]

168 In their closing submissions and supplementary submissions, the plaintiffs
settle on two types of consideration for the Repayment Contract:

(a) forbearing to sue the first defendant on the Representations; 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

Plaintiff’s Skeletal Submissions (“PSS”) at para 19.

and

(b) giving the first defendant more time personally to buy out the plaintiffs’
investments. 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

PSS at para 21.

169 The consideration which the plaintiffs plead in their reply and rely on in
their submissions are all simply facets of a forbearance to sue the first
defendant on the Representations. To forbear from suing simply means to
refrain from suing. The plaintiffs’ forbearance to sue the first defendant on
the Representations simply means that the plaintiffs will refrain from suing
the first defendant on the Representations while the forbearance is in place.
The practical effect is that, during the period of forbearance, the first
defendant need fear no legal consequences for (on the plaintiffs’ case) having
fraudulently made the Representations.

170 Tellingly, the plaintiffs argue in their closing submissions that: 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

PCS at para 138.

The … Investors were entitled to insist that the Representations be fulfilled,
and that they be bought out immediately. However, they agreed to a delayed
buy-out schedule. There was therefore either a forbearance to sue and a
promise to compromise on their immediate entitlement. This constitutes good
consideration.

[emphasis added]

The framing of this submission shows that even the plaintiffs do not, on their
own case, distinguish between a forbearance to sue and an agreement to delay
the first defendant’s buy out of their investments.

171 While the plaintiffs’ reply pleads that the consideration for the
Repayment Contract moved from the plaintiffs alone, their case according to
their statement of claim 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

Statement of claim at paras 34 and 36–37.

is that the Repayment Contract was between the first defendant and the Kuwaiti
Investors as a group (represented in the negotiations by the first plaintiff
with their authority). The plaintiffs take the same position in their closing
submissions. 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

PCS at paras 135–138.

Accordingly, despite the terms of the plaintiffs’ reply, it is more accurate
to say that the plaintiffs’ case is that the consideration (if any) for the
Repayment Contract moved from the Kuwaiti Investors as a group to the first
defendant rather than only from the plaintiffs to the first defendant.
Therefore, the central question that I must resolve is whether the Kuwaiti
Investors furnished consideration for the Repayment Contract by forbearing to
sue the first defendant on the Representations.

172 I accept, of course, that a forbearance to sue is capable in principle of
constituting consideration for a contract (Currie v Misa (1875) LR 10 Ex 153
at 162, per Lush J) provided that: (a) there are reasonable grounds for the
underlying claim; and (b) the claimant honestly believes that the postponed
claim has a fair chance of success (Callisher v Bischoffsheim (1870) LR 5 QB
449 at 451–452, per Cockburn CJ).

173 It is not, however, enough for a promisee simply to forbear to sue a
defaulting promisor for that forbearance to constitute consideration for a
fresh promise from the promisor. The element of bargain which lies at the root
of the doctrine of consideration makes it necessary for the promisor to
request the consideration as the price of the promise: Gay Choon Ing at [82].
Applying that principle to the facts of this case, if the first defendant
volunteered a promise to buy the Kuwait Investors out at 130% of their
investments but did not request anything in exchange for the promise, and if
the Kuwaiti Investors thereafter decided unilaterally to refrain from suing
the first defendant because of his volunteered promise, their forbearance to
sue is not the price of the first defendant’s promise and does not constitute
consideration for the promise.

174 For three reasons, I am satisfied that the first defendant did not ask the
Kuwaiti Investors to forbear from suing him on the Representations in exchange
for his offer to buy out the Kuwaiti Investors.

175 First, there is no objective evidence that the first defendant asked the
Kuwaiti Investors to forbear from suing him on the Representations. I take the
plaintiffs’ case at its highest and assume that the Draft Minutes accurately
record the discussions at the 5 June 2015 Meeting. There is no hint in the
Draft Minutes that the Kuwaiti Investors intended to sue the first defendant
on the Representations at or around 5 June 2015. It is therefore not
surprising that there is likewise no hint in the Draft Minutes that the first
defendant asked the plaintiffs to forbear from suing him on the
Representations as the price of his offer to buy them out.

176 The correspondence between the first defendant and the Kuwaiti Investors
in Phases 2 and 3 also contain no hint that they were threatening to sue the
first defendant on the Representations or that the first defendant had asked
the Kuwaiti Investors to forbear from doing so in exchange for his offer to
buy them out. Tellingly, even the letter before action which the plaintiffs’
solicitors sent to the Company in January 2016 160

##### Foot Note 160

×

ABD-4 at pp 482–484.

makes no mention of the Representations, let alone of the plaintiffs
terminating a voluntary forbearance in order to sue the first defendant on the
Representations.

177 Second, the evidence from the plaintiffs’ witnesses does not suffice to
establish that the first defendant asked the Kuwaiti Investors to forbear from
suing him on the Representations in exchange for his offer to buy them out.

178 I begin with the second defendant’s evidence. The second defendant
testified that the first defendant was indeed afraid after the 5 June 2015
Meeting that the Kuwaiti Investors would sue him if he did not buy them out.
161

##### Foot Note 161

×

PSS at para 20(b).

I have two difficulties with this evidence. First, the second defendant did
not make it clear whether the first defendant feared the Kuwaiti Investors
suing him on a gratuitous promise which he made at the 5 June 2015 Meeting or
on the Representations. Only a forbearance to sue the first defendant on the
Representations can constitute good consideration for the Repayment Contract.
Forbearance to sue on a gratuitous promise made at the 5 June 2015 Meeting
obviously cannot constitute consideration to turn that promise itself into a
contract. A contract cannot pull itself up by its own bootstraps. Second, even
if the first defendant was indeed afraid that the Kuwaiti Investors would sue
him on the Representations, it remains the case that the first defendant must
then act on that fear by asking the Kuwaiti Investors to forbear from doing so
in exchange for his offer for the forbearance to constitute consideration.
Once again, there is no evidence of any such request.

179 I now consider the first plaintiff’s evidence. He testified that, if he
had known that the first defendant’s position was that the first defendant did
not enter into any binding agreement at the 5 June 2015 Meeting, the first
plaintiff would have commenced suit immediately. 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

PSS at para 20(a).

I have two difficulties with this evidence. First, it is not clear against
whom the first plaintiff would have commenced suit: whether it would have been
the first defendant or the Company. Only proceedings against the former are
relevant, given that the plaintiffs’ plea is that the consideration for the
Repayment Agreement was the Kuwaiti Investors’ forbearance to sue the first
defendant. However, the only evidence of any intention by the plaintiffs to
commence suit comes from the plaintiffs’ solicitors’ letter before action. For
the reasons I have already given, that foreshadows a quite different suit
against the Company, either under s 216 or s 216A of the Companies Act, with
the two defendants joined in their capacity as the Company’s officers and
management. In any event, I do not see how the first plaintiff’s evidence of
his own state of mind is evidence that the first defendant asked the Kuwaiti
Investors for a forbearance to sue him on the Representations.

180 Accordingly, I find that the first defendant did not ask the Kuwaiti
Investors to forbear suing him on the Representations in exchange for his
offer to buy them out. The Repayment Contract is unsupported by consideration.
The Repayment Contract Claim fails on this ground also.

The first defendant’s defence is not an afterthought

181 The plaintiffs submit that the first defendant’s defence to the Repayment
Contract should be given little weight because it is an afterthought. At the
core of this submission is the allegation that the first defendant’s 6
December 2015 email amounts to a sudden change in the first defendant’s
position on a basis which the second defendant contrived for him at his
request in December 2015. I reject this submission. In my view, the second
defendant’s evidence does not support this submission.

182 It is true that the second defendant drafted the first defendant’s 6
December 2015 email for him at his request and on his instructions. 163

##### Foot Note 163

×

PCS at para 62.

The second defendant’s evidence is that, around this time, the first defendant
learned that the first plaintiff was considering legal action against him. So,
according to the second defendant, the first defendant wanted a legal basis to
get out of the promise he had made at the 5 June 2015 Meeting. He therefore
asked the second defendant, being legally trained, to draft an email for him
setting out that legal basis. 164

##### Foot Note 164

×

21 May 2019 Transcript at p 108, line 28–p 113, line 16.

183 But the plaintiffs’ submission that the position which the second
defendant drafted for the first defendant in this email is contrived reads far
too much into the second defendant’s evidence. The second defendant’s evidence
was actually as follows:

Q: Okay. What did [the first defendant] tell you about what the contents of
the email should cover?

A: He essentially wanted to have it [sc. an] out from having to do the buyouts
that he had ostensibly promised [the plaintiffs].

Q: What do you mean “have an out”?

A: Have a way to have an option not to do them.

Q: So he wanted an option to not do them and how would this email achieve that
purpose?

A: Well, Sir, when [the first defendant] had shown me the email … where [the
first plaintiff] was discussing legal action apparently with a lawyer, at that
point in time, I had actually made the suggestion to [the first defendant], I
had asked him an open question, bearing in mind at the time that the Kuwaiti
investors were painted as villains and disruptive. I had asked him, “Did you
always promise to buy them out or was it something like a non-binding favour?”
And he picked up on that suggestion and said it was on---“It was always a non-
binding favour and I’ve actually promised to buy them out.” So I said, “Well,
then you should just make that position clear.” And the result, the
culmination of that was the email that was sent on December 6th.

Q: Okay, so I want to be very clear on this. You just used the words “non-
binding favour”, okay. Before this---before you had drafted this email, okay,
had [the first defendant] told you that anything he had said in the past was a
non-binding favour?

A: No, Sir, not in those terms, no.

…

Q: … “Was always and only ever extended in the personal capacity on the basis
of a personal favour that I’ll try and do based on my own financial in light
of circumstances.” Now what I need to ask you is these words, or rather the
meaning behind these words, were they communicated by Mr Bobby Bhatia to you,
or were you the one who drafted words containing this meaning?

A: Latter, Sir.

Q: Latter.

A: Latter---essentially, Mr Bhatia’s ask of me was it was always a non-binding
favour, it was never an obligation. Craft me an email which gets that point
across effectively.

184 If anything, the second defendant’s evidence in fact supports the first
defendant’s case. I make three points about this passage.

185 First, going by the plaintiffs’ solicitors’ letters before action sent
just over a month after this email (see [107]–[109] above), the legal action
which the first plaintiff was contemplating was not an action against the
first defendant for breach of a personal obligation owed to the plaintiffs.
Instead, the contemplated action was against the Company, with the two
defendants joined in their capacity as officers and management of the Company.

186 Second, even if the first plaintiff was indeed contemplating action
against the first defendant personally, there is nothing in the second
defendant’s evidence which establishes that the first defendant’s true
position, at the time he instructed the second defendant to draft this email,
was that he had undertaken a legal obligation to the Kuwaiti Investors at the
5 June 2015 Meeting. The second defendant’s evidence is more consistent in my
view with the first defendant having made an offer to the Kuwaiti Investors at
that meeting as a non-binding personal favour and then finding the Kuwaiti
Investors determined to treat his non-binding offer as a binding contract. An
offer is not in itself a contract any more than an agreement (in the ordinary
sense of the word) or a promise is in itself a contract.

187 Finally, the second defendant’s evidence falls far short of establishing
that the first defendant asked the second defendant to contrive a legal
defence for him contrary to the facts. In my view, his evidence establishes
quite the opposite. It appears to me that the second defendant did no more for
the first defendant in drafting this email than a competent and ethical lawyer
would do for a client: frame the most plausible legal argument which is
consistent with the truth in order to advance the client’s interests.

188 It is therefore not to the point for the plaintiffs to point out that the
first defendant’s counsel failed to cross-examine the second defendant on this
evidence. 165

##### Foot Note 165

×

PCS at para 64.

To my mind, this evidence either supports the first defendant’s case or, at
worst, is not detrimental to it.

No estoppel

189 Before I conclude my analysis of the Repayment Contract, I must deal with
the plaintiffs’ allegation that two items of correspondence emanating from the
first defendant estop him from denying the Repayment Contract. In their
statement of claim, the plaintiffs rely on the first defendant’s email in
September 2015 (see [96] above) as a personal admission by the first
defendant: 166

##### Foot Note 166

×

Statement of claim at paras 42–43.

By virtue of the Personal Admission, the 1st Defendant had personally affirmed
the Repayment [Contract] in that he had assumed personal responsibility and
liability to re-purchase the Plaintiffs’ investments with a 30% return, and is
now precluded from denying the same”. 167

##### Foot Note 167

×

Statement of claim at para 43.

190 The plaintiffs also plead reliance on the first defendant’s email in
October 2015 (see [99] above) to broadly the same effect.

191 These pleas add nothing to the plaintiffs’ Repayment Contract Claim. If
there was offer, acceptance and consideration on 5 June 2015, then the
Repayment Contract exists and binds the first defendant regardless of any
personal admission in any subsequent email. And if there was no offer, no
acceptance or no consideration on 5 June 2015, this email cannot, in itself,
give rise to a cause of action. It is trite that an estoppel amounts to a
shield and not a sword.

192 This email does not assist the plaintiffs given my finding that there was
no intention to create legal relations at the 5 June 2015 Meeting and no
consideration for the Repayment Contract.

Conclusion

193 For the foregoing reasons, I have dismissed the plaintiffs’
Misrepresentation Claim, Separate Contract Claim and Repayment Contract Claim.

194 I shall hear the parties separately on costs.

Vinodh Coomaraswamy

Judge of the High Court

Khelvin Xu, Jason Gabriel Chiang and Marissa Zhao (Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP)
for the plaintiffs;

Terence Tan and Tay Chie Chiang (Robertson Chambers LLC) for the first
defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 22 Jan 2021 (17:45 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

