Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC 29

Suit No 297 of 2019

Between

| NCL Housing Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Sea-Shore Transportation Pte Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| Kashmire Merkaney  
(3)| Sushela w/o Vijayarahavan  
  
… Defendants

judgment

[Contract] — [Formation]

[Contract] — [Contractual terms]

[Contract] — [Unconscionability]

[Credit and Security] — [Guarantees and indemnities] — [Guarantor]

[Credit and Security] — [Guarantees and indemnities] — [Discharge]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
NCL Housing Pte Ltd

  
v

  

Sea-Shore Transportation Pte Ltd and others

[2021] SGHC 29

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 297 of 2019  
Andre Maniam JC  
3, 4, 5, 10, 11, 12 November, 18 December 2020

11 February 2021 Judgment reserved.

Andre Maniam JC:

Introduction

1 The Merchant of Venice warns of the perils of standing guarantor for the
debt of another. As guarantor, Antonio boldly promises a pound of his flesh.
When that is demanded of him, he does not shy away from the promise he made,
though it might cost him his life. What saves him, instead, is the
interpretation placed on the guarantee.

2 The 2nd defendant, Kashmire Merkaney (“Mdm Kashmire”), did not take issue
with the interpretation of the 20 personal guarantees (“PGs”) she had signed
in favour of the plaintiff (“NCL”). Instead, she claimed that the PGs were
only “for show”, “mere formalities”, and not to be enforced. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief of Kashmire Merkaney (“Mdm Kashmire’s AEIC”) at
para 12(x) in 2nd Defendant’s Bundle of Affidavits of Evidence-in-Chief Volume
I (“2nd Defendant’s AEIC Bundle Vol I”) at p 14; Transcript, 4 November 2020
at pp 66 lines 17-32; p 67 lines 1-23.

She said NCL agreed to that as part of an oral agreement (“the Oral
Agreement”). She also put forward other reasons for not being liable, that
were focused on blaming NCL and its representatives.

3 Mdm Kashmire’s 20 PGs were in respect of 20 corresponding loan agreements,
for loans totalling $4,090,830.26 (or the “Loan Amount”) from NCL to the 1st
defendant (“SST”) (“the Loan Agreements”). The Loan Agreements stipulated that
the loans were to be repaid within a year, and that guarantees be provided.
Similarly, Mdm Kashmire claimed that the Loan Agreements, like the PGs, were
only “for show”, “mere formalities”, and not to be enforced – again, pursuant
to the Oral Agreement. She said that SST was supposed to have three years or
more to repay the loans, and that the loans were unsecured.

Background

Parties

4 SST was Mdm Kashmire’s husband’s family company. Mdm Kashmire was its
managing director; 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Mdm Kashmire’s AEIC at para 2 in 2nd Defendant’s AEIC Bundle Vol I at p 13.

her husband, Balan Vijayarahavan Pillai (“Mr Balan”), was its chief operations
officer; 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief of Balan Vijayarahavan Pillai (“Mr Balan’s
AEIC”) at para 2 in 2nd Defendant’s AEIC Bundle Vol I at p 870.

and the 3rd defendant, her mother-in-law, Sushela w/o Vijayarahavan (“Mdm
Sushela”), was a director. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief of Choo Kim Hiong (“Mr Choo’s AEIC”) at para 6
in Plaintiff’s Bundle of Affidavits of Evidence-in-Chief (“Plaintiff’s AEIC
Bundle”) at p 7.

5 By October 2016, SST was in debt and urgently needed funds. Mdm Kashmire and
Mr Balan had discussions with NCL (through its representatives Choo Kim Hiong
(“Mr Choo”) and Yang Tse Pin (“Mr Yang”)) for NCL to lend money to SST.

The alleged Oral Agreement

6 Mdm Kashmire and Mr Balan say that the discussions culminated in the Oral
Agreement that:

(a) the Loan Agreements and PGs would not be enforced, 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Mdm Kashmire’s AEIC at para 12(vi) in 2nd Defendant’s AEIC Bundle Vol I at p
13.

and

(b) the Oral Agreement would prevail over the other legal documents, 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Mdm Kashmire’s AEIC at para 12(ii) in 2nd Defendant’s AEIC Bundle Vol I at p
11.

such as the Share Subscription Agreement (“SSA”) 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

2nd Defendant’s Agreed Bundle of Documents (“2nd Defendant’s ABOD”) at pp
264-291; Plaintiff’s Agreed Bundle of Documents (“Plaintiff’s ABOD”) at pp
235-262.

and Consultancy Agreement (“CA”). 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

2nd Defendant’s ABOD at pp 254-262; Plaintiff’s ABOD at pp 263-271.

7 Mdm Kashmire’s case is thus that the legal documents were either
unenforceable, or enforceable only to the extent that they recorded the Oral
Agreement. Put another way, the Oral Agreement is all that really matters.

8 NCL’s Mr Choo and Mr Yang, on the other hand, say that the legal documents
are effective according to their terms: the Loan Agreements, SSA, and CA each
had entire agreement clauses (clauses 18, 17 and 15 respectively); in any
event, the legal documents did record whatever was orally agreed upon.

The legal documents

9 NCL and SST entered into the Loan Agreements for the various sums lent by
NCL to SST, and Mdm Kashmire and Mdm Sushela each signed 20 corresponding PGs.
The Loan Agreements and PGs spanned a period from 29 November 2016 to 4
October 2017. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Mr Choo’s AEIC at para 8 in Plaintiff’s AEIC Bundle at p 7; Mdm Kashmire’s
AEIC at para 5 in 2nd Defendant’s AEIC Bundle Vol I at pp 4-5.

The initial part of the Loan Amount was disbursed shortly before the first of
the Loan Agreements and PGs were signed. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Transcript, 3 November 2020, p 32 lines 10-28.

10 NCL and SST also entered into the SSA and CA, both dated 10 March 2017. Mdm
Kashmire did not say that the SSA and CA were “for show”, “mere formalities”,
or unenforceable; but she claimed that the Oral Agreement would prevail over
any inconsistent term in the SSA and CA. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Mdm Kashmire’s AEIC at para 12(ii) in 2nd Defendant’s AEIC Bundle Vol I at p
11.

11 According to clause 3.1 of each of the Loan Agreements, each loan was
repayable within a year. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

2nd Defendant’s ABOD at p 98; Plaintiff’s ABOD at p 18.

One alleged term of the Oral Agreement, however, is that payment was not due
within a year. Instead, the loans were only to be repaid within three years
(or more) from the date of the CA (10 March 2017). This is because the loans
were allegedly repayable only from the consultancy fee of $5,454,545 to be
paid by SST to NCL under the CA, which SST had three years (or more) to pay.
13

##### Foot Note 13

×

2nd Defendant’s Defence & Counterclaim (Amendment No. 1) (“D&CC”) at paras
9(b)-(c); Transcript, 3 November 2020, p 31 lines 16-19; 10 November 2020, p
101 lines 7-25; p 102 lines 1-10.

That is another way of saying that the guarantors would never have to pay
anything: only SST would be liable.

The defaults in payment

12 In the event, SST did not repay any of the loans to NCL (within one year,
three years, or at all); nor did it pay NCL the consultancy fee.

13 On 8 March 2019, NCL demanded payment from Mdm Kashmire and Mdm Sushela on
the PGs, 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Plaintiff’s ABOD at pp 390-392 and 397-399.

but no payment was made.

The suit

14 NCL sued SST, Mdm Kashmire, and Mdm Sushela. SST was however then placed in
judicial management and NCL discontinued its claim against SST. NCL also
discontinued its claim against Mdm Sushela, as there was some issue with her
capacity to continue as a litigant.

15 NCL took its claim against Mdm Kashmire to trial, seeking the sum of
$4,774,303.54 (inclusive of interest to the date of writ, 18 March 2019),
further contractual interest at the rate of 10% per annum pursuant to clause
3.2 of each of the Loan Agreements, and costs on a full indemnity basis
pursuant to clause 11 of each of the PGs. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Plaintiff’s Statement of Claim (“SOC”) at p 6.

16 Besides asserting that she was not liable on the PGs because of the Oral
Agreement (on the grounds of breach of agreement, or estoppel, or
misrepresentation), 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

D&CC at paras 19-30.

Mdm Kashmire contends that it was unconscionable for NCL to claim on the PGs.
17

##### Foot Note 17

×

D&CC at paras 31-37.

She claims that:

(a) NCL caused severe detriment to SST’s business which resulted in SST being
unable to repay the loans; 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Mdm Kashmire’s AEIC at paras 21-22 in 2nd Defendant’s AEIC Bundle Vol I at pp
18-19.

(b) the transaction was unconscionable – it was at an undervalue and she
entered into it impecunious, depressed, and lacking legal counsel; 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

D&CC at para 36(d).

and

(c) NCL obstructed third party proposals from which SST may have been able to
obtain funds to repay the loans to NCL. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Mdm Kashmire’s AEIC at paras 32-45 in 2nd Defendant’s AEIC Bundle Vol I at pp
22-28.

17 Mdm Kashmire further contends that NCL was in breach of its obligations
under the SSA, CA and the Oral Agreement, 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Mdm Kashmire’s AEIC at paras 57-75 in 2nd Defendant’s AEIC Bundle Vol I at pp
39-46.

which disentitled NCL from demanding payment under the PGs. She puts forward a
counterclaim for rescission of the PGs, breach of the Oral Agreement, and
misrepresentation. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

D&CC at paras 49-60.

18 I will deal first with the Oral Agreement, and then with Mdm Kashmire’s
other defences and her counterclaims.

The Oral Agreement

19 Mdm Kashmire’s principal defence rests on the alleged Oral Agreement, which
she and her husband Mr Balan gave evidence of. Their position is however
riddled with inconsistencies: it is internally inconsistent, it is
inconsistent with objective or undisputed facts, and it is inconsistent with
contemporaneous documents.

The Oral Agreement was only belatedly raised

20 The Oral Agreement was raised for the first time only after NCL sued. There
is no reference to the Oral Agreement in the contemporaneous emails and
WhatsApp messages, 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Plaintiff’s ABOD at pp 628-718.

and it was not even raised when NCL demanded payment through lawyers in March
2019. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Plaintiff’s ABOD at pp 383-385, 390-392 and 397-399.

21 On 18 April 2019, SST’s lawyers responded. By then, NCL had already sued.
SST’s lawyers’ letter was marked “without prejudice save as to costs”, but it
was included in Mdm Kashmire’s bundle of documents, 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

2nd Defendant’s ABOD at p 678.

and she relied upon it as a defence. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Mdm Kashmire’s AEIC at para 38 in 2nd Defendant’s AEIC Bundle Vol I at p 23.

The letter stated, “[o]ur client wishes to meet with your client in an effort
to obtain global resolution of the matter”. It referred to measures taken “to
try and arrange for an agreed global sum to be paid to [NCL]”. It said nothing
about the Loan Agreements being “for show”, “mere formalities”, or
unenforceable, or that none of the monies lent were due yet. On Mdm Kashmire’s
case, SST had three years or more (from 10 March 2017, the date of the CA) to
repay NCL the loans (see [11] above), and on that basis, no money would be due
in April 2019 – it was less than three years since the CA, and moreover less
than three years since the first loan on 29 November 2016. Yet SST’s lawyers
said nothing about this in the 18 April 2019 letter; instead they meekly
suggested settlement. Why so, if the parties had agreed that nothing was due
yet?

22 All this suggests that the Oral Agreement is an afterthought, and not
genuine.

Mdm Kashmire’s case is internally inconsistent

23 Mdm Kashmire admits that NCL had provided the Loan Amount of $4,090,830.26
through the Loan Agreements. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

D&CC at para 6.

This is inconsistent with her position that the Loan Agreements were all “for
show”, “mere formalities”, and unenforceable.

24 Furthermore, she pleads that the Oral Agreement was entered into between
the plaintiff and the defendants, ie, between NCL, SST, Mdm Kashmire and Mdm
Sushela. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

D&CC at para 7.

However, in her Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief (“AEIC”), Mdm Kashmire says
that it was SST that entered into the Oral Agreement with NCL. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Mdm Kashmire’s AEIC at para 12 in 2nd Defendant’s AEIC Bundle Vol I at p 11.

If the Oral Agreement were between SST and NCL, then Mdm Kashmire would not
have been a party to it. Moreover, she does not say it was orally agreed that
she could enforce rights given to SST in the legal agreements between SST and
NCL, ie, the Loan Agreements, the SSA and the CA. None of these agreements
purports to allow Mdm Kashmire to do so, and clauses 13 and 15 of the Loan
Agreements and the SSA (respectively) expressly exclude the application of the
Contract (Rights of Third Parties) Act (Cap 53B, 2002 Rev Ed). 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

2nd Defendant’s ABOD at pp 100 and 275; Plaintiff’s ABOD at pp 20 and 246.

Mdm Kashmire says in her AEIC that the CA and the SSA were to set out certain
obligations of NCL to SST, 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Mdm Kashmire’s AEIC at paras 12(iv)-(v) in 2nd Defendant’s AEIC Bundle Vol I
at pp 11-12.

but she does not say that any obligations of NCL to her were also to be
included.

25 Further, Mdm Kashmire claims that a term of the Oral Agreement was that she
was to continue to occupy the position of managing director of SST, and Mdm
Sushela was to continue to be a director of SST. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

D&CC at para 9(d).

Mdm Kashmire says that the purported guarantors would never have agreed to
provide the PGs if they could be removed as directors. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

D&CC at para 9(h).

This is, however, inconsistent with her position that the PGs were all “for
show”, “mere formalities”, and unenforceable. Why would the signing of the PGs
be conditional upon Mdm Kashmire and Mdm Sushela keeping their management
positions in SST, if it were agreed that the PGs were unenforceable?

The contemporaneous communications indicate that the legal documents were
intended to have full legal effect

26 When the parties involved lawyers in drafting and negotiating the legal
documents, nothing was said about the legal documents not having their full
legal effect. The parties’ communications point the other way.

27 In an email of 2 November 2016 from Mr Balan to Mr Choo and Mr Yang (which
Mdm Kashmire was copied in), Mr Balan said “[y]es, we agree that S$2.3[m] is
the [f]ees applicable and await your lawyers to draw the agreement as such”
[emphasis added]. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

2nd Defendant’s ABOD at p 94.

If there were the Oral Agreement that some of the legal documents would be
completely unenforceable, and others only enforceable to the extent they
recorded what was in the Oral Agreement, one would expect Mr Balan (or Mdm
Kashmire) to say so at some point – but they never did. Instead, Mr Balan
simply recognised that lawyers would be drafting the necessary legal
documents.

28 In a WhatsApp message on 30 November 2016, Mdm Kashmire apologised to Mr
Choo and Mr Yang for not highlighting earlier that Mr Balan was a bankrupt.
She said: 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Plaintiff’s ABOD at p 658.

Mr Choo & Mr Yang my apologies for not highlighting Balan’s [bankruptcy
status] initially. We have been up front on all matters it’s my fault on this
as I was fearful his [bankruptcy status] will hinder [SST’s] prospects. He
from the start wanted to mention [sic] but I told him not to because of the
reason above. I know this put many questions in your mind but please
understand & forgive me.

… this is entirely my [f]ault as I was the one who told him not to mention as
the agreements would be sign under [Mdm Sushela] and me [sic]. After his
discharge would add his name in Feb when his time is better. Once again I
apologize for this.

29 Mdm Kashmire’s apology for not disclosing Mr Balan’s bankruptcy status to
Mr Choo and Mr Yang is fundamentally inconsistent with her contention that the
PGs were “for show”, “mere formalities”, and unenforceable. She apologised for
not mentioning earlier that Mr Balan was a bankrupt, and so could not sign
PGs; 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Transcript, 4 November 2020, p 69 lines 10-15.

she went on to say that he would do so after his discharge. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Transcript, 4 November 2020, p 61 lines 20-32; p 62; p 63 lines 1-22.

If it had been agreed that the PGs were unenforceable, it would not matter
whether Mr Balan also signed them, and there would have been no reason for Mdm
Kashmire to think that him being bankrupt would hinder SST’s prospects, nor
any reason for her to apologise to Mr Choo and Mr Yang. Indeed, Mdm Kashmire
acknowledges that she signed the PGs so that Mr Choo would not pull out of the
whole deal. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Transcript, 4 November 2020, p 71 lines 24-27; p 73 lines 7-9; p 75 lines
6-30; p 76 lines 22-32; p 77 lines 1-4.

Her conduct is consistent only with the PGs being enforceable.

30 Mr Balan too was apologetic about his bankruptcy being uncovered, and he
went further and offered security in the form of two of his family’s
properties. In his WhatsApp message to Mr Choo that same day on 30 November
2016, he said: 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Plaintiff’s ABOD at p 698.

Mr Choo our [apartment] is around 1.2m balance 300k to pay and [Mdm Sushela’s
apartment] is 1.6m fully paid [if] of need … we can pledge this to NCL to make
[you] more comfortable […] never my [intention] to deceive Mr Yang [and]
[you].

31 I do not believe that Mr Balan was offering security for what the parties
had allegedly agreed would be an unsecured loan. Instead, he was offering
security because he knew full well that the loans were meant to be secured. In
the event, Mr Choo declined Mr Balan’s offer of security over his family’s
properties, not because the loans were intended to be unsecured, but because
NCL would have the PGs as security. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Transcript, 3 November 2020, p 29 lines 15-32; p 30 lines 1-16.

Mr Balan acknowledges that if the Loan Agreements and PGs were not signed, SST
would not get any further funds from NCL. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Transcript, 10 November 2020, p 102 lines 19–26.

The Loan Agreements and PGs were important to NCL and SST; Mdm Kashmire and Mr
Balan knew that - those documents were not just “for show”, “mere
formalities”, and unenforceable.

32 Mdm Kashmire was legally represented – at least at the time the SSA and CA
were negotiated in March 2017, if not at the time when the first of the PGs
were signed (from late November 2016). Mdm Kashmire continued signing PGs
until October 2017. Mr Balan’s email of 28 March 2017 was copied to a lawyer
from Providence Law Asia LLC (“Providence Law”), 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

2nd Defendant’s ABOD at p 292.

and Mdm Kashmire accepts that Providence Law was representing her, and also
SST. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Transcript, 4 November 2020, p 88 line 32; p 89 lines 1-6; p 97 lines 1-3; p
99 lines 23-25; Plaintiff’s ABOD at pp 276-280.

So much for her plea that she was not legally represented, 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

D&CC at para 36(d).

which she then did not address in her AEIC.

33 Mdm Kashmire’s lawyer from Providence Law said, “my client would also like
a longstop date of a year so that the monies from the banking facility can be
used to repay the debts that have been personally guaranteed first (i.e. the
monies already disbursed by your client)” [emphasis added]. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Plaintiff’s ABOD at p 278.

Providence Law referred to the PGs as real guarantees – evidently it did not
think that the PGs were “for show”, “mere formalities”, or unenforceable, and
that shows that neither did its client Mdm Kashmire!

34 Ironically, Mdm Kashmire also says that it was orally agreed as part of the
Oral Agreement that certain terms of the Oral Agreement were to be expressly
stated in the CA and the SSA. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Mdm Kashmire’s AEIC at paras 12(iv)-(v) in 2nd Defendant’s AEIC Bundle Vol I
at pp 11-12.

These included: “[t]hat [NCL] would not demand for the repayment of any
outstanding loan monies provided to [SST] under the various [Loan Agreements]
and PGs, notwithstanding the expiry of the respective periods for repayment
under the various [Loan Agreements] and PGs.” 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Mdm Kashmire’s AEIC para 12(iv)(b) in 2nd Defendant’s AEIC Bundle Vol I at p
12.

As this was allegedly supposed to be “expressly stated” in the CA, 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Mdm Kashmire’s AEIC at para 12(iv) in 2nd Defendant’s AEIC Bundle Vol I at p
11.

Mdm Kashmire (or Mr Balan) should have instructed the lawyers accordingly, but
they did not. Nothing of the sort was stated in the CA, but Mdm Kashmire and
Mr Balan did not raise any issue about this at the time, 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Transcript, 4 November 2020, p 119 lines 17-32; p 120; p 121 lines 1-13.

although on Mdm Kashmire’s case this would have been a breach of the Oral
Agreement.

The evidence of the witnesses does not establish the Oral Agreement

35 In view of the above, it was an uphill task for Mdm Kashmire and Mr Balan
to persuade the court through their evidence that the Oral Agreement existed.

36 Both Mdm Kashmire and Mr Balan, however, had difficulty answering questions
about what was (or was not) in their AEICs, and about the various
inconsistencies in Mdm Kashmire’s case. Mdm Kashmire’s pleaded assertion that
she was not legally represented, was untrue (see [32] above). Mdm Kashmire and
Mr Balan also sought belatedly to introduce hearsay evidence (see [80]–[81]
below), and to refer to a meeting or discussion with Mr Choo (see [108] below)
that was not in their AEICs and was not put to Mr Choo.

37 During cross-examination, both Mdm Kashmire and Mr Balan gave demonstrably
untrue responses, just so that they could keep on saying what they wished,
rather than to let NCL’s counsel continue with his questions. I highlight one
instance for each of them.

38 When testifying about a potential loan from HSBC, Mdm Kashmire gave
evidence that NCL was a machine equipment supplier, when she knew full well
that it was not (as she acknowledged): 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Transcript, 5 November 2020, p 139 lines 31-32; p 140 lines 1-23; p 141 lines
11–16.

Q. I’m just dealing with the $2 million only first. Now that is for a loan to
be directly disbursed and paid to machine and equipment supplier. So you
confirm that this part of any proposed loan is not to pay NCL, because NCL is
not a machine equipment supplier, from which the [Loan Amount] was incurred,
correct? Do you accept that? That’s not a---

A. Yes. Can I elaborate?

Q. No, you just need to---if you disagree, you can elaborate. If you accept
that, then we can move on.

A. I disagree.

Q. So NCL is a machine equipment supplier, who could then receive that $2
million?

A. You said if I disagree, I could elaborate, right?

Q. Yes, sure, alright.

A. So I disagree, let me elaborate.

Q. Alright. So---

Court: No. Mdm Kashmire, can you answer the subsequent question first? Are you
saying that NCL is [a machine equipment supplier], and Mr Mulani [NCL’s
counsel], finish [the] question.

Mr Mulani: Yes.

Q. Are you saying that NCL is therefore a machine equipment supplier?

A. No, they are not. But [NCL’s Counsel] said I couldn’t elaborate, so that’s
why I said that. So that I can explain.

Court: Mdm Kashmire, I don’t want you to say you disagree when actually you
agree, but you say you disagree so that you can keep talking.

…

Q. The [$2 million] states clearly it’s for machine---

A. Yes, it states that.

Q. ---equipment supplier.

A. Yes, it states that.

Q. It says, you agree NCL is not a machine equipment supplier?

A. Agree.

[emphasis added]

39 When testifying about the same potential loan from HSBC, for which a
personal guarantee from Mr Balan’s sister Jayanthi Vijayarahavan (“Mdm
Jayanthi”) was required, Mr Balan went in circles before finally admitting
that he had not told Mdm Jayanthi about it:

(a) First Mr Balan said, “[a]t that time, this was conveyed to her and she was
okay [to be a] party to [the personal guarantee]”. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Transcript, 11 November 2020, p 33 lines 29-31; p 34 lines 1-3.

This was a lie.

(b) Next, he said he had a power of attorney from her, but then clarified that
that did not allow him to sign a personal guarantee on her behalf. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Transcript, 11 November 2020, p 34 lines 2–24.

(c) Finally, he admitted that he had not even told Mdm Jayanthi that a
personal guarantee was required of her, let alone obtained her consent to
giving that: 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Transcript, 11 November 2020, p 35 lines 4–12.

Q. So you did not inform [Mdm Jayanthi] then of this, and asked for her
approval---for her consent to be a personal guarantor. That’s very simple.
That’s---

A. I will disagree---

Q. ---the truth---

A. \---I will disagree to your answer and I will elaborate later.

Q. No, so tell me did you---

Court: Mr Balan, I need an answer. Did you tell [Mdm Jayanthi] about this and
did she agree to sign a personal guarantee?

Witness: No, she was not informed.

40 Mdm Kashmire also made a wild allegation that NCL was in breach of some
obligation to lend SST a total of $5m, and not just $3,978,000 as stated in
the SSA. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Transcript, 5 November 2020, p 10 line 26; p 26 lines 18-19; p 38 lines 12-32;
p 39 lines 1-13; p 115 lines 5-17; p 116 lines 18-27.

This was not in her pleadings, not in her AEIC, and it was baseless. In oral
closing submissions, the allegation was quite rightly abandoned by Mdm
Kashmire’s counsel. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Transcript, 12 November 2020, p 72 lines 18-31; p 73; p 74 line 1.

41 In contrast, the evidence of Mr Choo 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Transcript, 3 November 2020, p 33 lines 8-27; pp 40-44; p 45 lines 29-32; pp
46-48; p 49 lines 1-5 and 18-32; p 50 lines 1-25; p 58 lines 13-32; p 59; p 60
lines 1-27; p 62 lines 24-32; p 63; p 64 lines 1-22; p 66 lines 1-4; p 68
lines 1-14; p 75 lines 9-31; p 76; p 77 lines 1-27; p 83 lines 10-31; pp
84-85; p 86 lines 1-8; p 92 lines 13-32; p 93 lines 1-7; p 104 lines 30-32; p
105; p 106 lines 1-25; p 109 lines 27-32; p 110 lines 1-12.

and Mr Yang 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Transcript, 4 November 2020, p 12 lines 16-32; p 13; p 14 lines 1-16; p 15
lines 20-32; p 16 lines 1-31; p 20 lines 9-12; p 26 lines 23-31; p 28 lines
2-17 and 27-32; p 29; p 30 lines 1-17; p 33 lines 27-32; p 34 lines 1-16.

was not shaken in cross-examination, and I accept it.

42 I find that there was no Oral Agreement as alleged by Mdm Kashmire, and
that the legal documents (ie, the Loan Agreements, PGs, SSA and CA) are
enforceable according to their terms.

43 Mdm Kashmire’s defences of breach of the Oral Agreement, estoppel, and
misrepresentation 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

D&CC at paras 19–30.

are all based on the existence of the Oral Agreement. It follows that I reject
them all.

Unconscionability and related defences

44 Mdm Kashmire’s other defences can be grouped as follows:

(a) unconscionability in the formation of the PGs; 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

D&CC at paras 36(a)-(d).

(b) conduct by NCL that damaged SST such that SST could not repay the loans;
60

##### Foot Note 60

×

D&CC at paras 33-35.

and

(c) conduct by NCL in relation to a possible exit from SST, or settlement
proposals put forward by SST. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

D&CC at para 36(e).

45 Mdm Kashmire’s reliance on the Oral Agreement also affects these defences,
eg:

(a) correspondence sent by NCL to SST’s suppliers, customers and employees,
was an attempt to force SST to pay off the loans before they were due, in
breach of the Oral Agreement; 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

D&CC at paras 17 and 33.

(b) it was unconscionable for NCL to call on the PGs as NCL had represented
that repayment need only come from the consultancy fee under the CA (an aspect
of the Oral Agreement), 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

D&CC at para 31.

and the demand was thus not bona fide; 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

D&CC at para 32.

(c) NCL took advantage of Mdm Kashmire’s weakness by not explaining that the
written terms of the PGs and the consequences thereof would be contrary to the
terms agreed under the Oral Agreement; 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

D&CC at para 36(d).

(d) the transaction is at an undervalue because (among other things) Mdm
Kashmire would be personally liable for the Loan Amount contrary to the terms
of the Oral Agreement; 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

D&CC at para 36(d)(iv).

and

(e) NCL rejected SST’s proposals to return the Loan Amount even before payment
was due (again, because of the Oral Agreement). 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Mdm Kashmire’s AEIC at para 32 in 2nd Defendant’s AEIC Bundle Vol I at p 22.

46 It follows that I reject all of Mdm Kashmire’s contentions that are
dependent on the existence of the Oral Agreement. Nevertheless, in this
section, I consider if any of her defences can still stand.

Unconscionability in relation to the formation of the PGs

47 Both parties cited BOM v BOK and another appeal [2019] 1 SLR 349 (“BOM v
BOK”) where the Court of Appeal (at [141]–[142] in particular) explained the
doctrine of unconscionability as it applies in Singapore, which I respectfully
summarise as follows:

(a) the party relying on the doctrine must show that he was suffering from an
infirmity that the other party exploited in procuring the transaction;

(b) if the party succeeds in doing so, the other party has the burden to
demonstrate that the transaction was fair, just and reasonable;

(c) the infirmity may take the form of the party being poor and ignorant, or
other forms of infirmities – whether physical, mental and/or emotional in
nature;

(d) the infirmity must have been of sufficient gravity as to have acutely
affected the party’s ability to make decisions.

(e) the infirmity must have been, or ought to have been, evident to the other
party procuring the transaction.

(f) whether the transaction is at a considerable undervalue and whether the
party had independent legal advice, are very important factors, but not
mandatory.

48 In the present case, Mdm Kashmire claimed to be impecunious (but she did
not say she was ignorant) and suffering from depression, and she pleaded that
NCL knew or ought to have known this; she also claimed not to have had
independent legal advice. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

D&CC at paras 36(a)–(d).

49 Mdm Kashmire alleges that NCL exploited the above weakness or infirmity “by
not explaining that the written terms of the PGs would be contrary to the
terms agreed under [the Oral Agreement] and the consequences thereof”
[emphasis added]. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

D&CC at para 36(d).

Put that way, her case on unconscionability is based on the Oral Agreement,
and it fails. But if Mdm Kashmire seeks to make out a case of
unconscionability independent of the Oral Agreement, that fails too.

Impecuniosity

50 Mdm Kashmire does not satisfactorily prove that she (and Mdm Sushela) were
impecunious at the time; nor does she make out that her alleged impecuniosity
affected her ability to make decisions. SST needed funds, but it does not
follow that Mdm Kashmire and her family were impecunious then. Indeed, as
noted at [30] above, on 30 November 2016 after NCL found out that Mr Balan was
a bankrupt, Mr Balan offered two of his family’s properties (which he said
were worth $2.5m together) as security. SST was a business with a long
history, and the family could have accumulated wealth from it over the years.
Hence, even if Mdm Kashmire and her family were impecunious, NCL would not
have known that.

51 Moreover, Mdm Kashmire was not immediately expected to pay NCL $4m under
the PGs. The monies lent by NCL to SST were disbursed over a period of time
from November 2016 to October 2017, and SST had a year to repay each loan –
and that is what Mdm Kashmire agreed to guarantee.

52 By an email of 2 November 2016, Mr Balan had painted a rosy picture of SST
being able to increase profits by $329,000 a month or $3,848,000 per year, if
only it had $5m in funding. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Mr Choo’s AEIC at para 38(e) in Plaintiff’s AEIC Bundle at p 16; 2nd
Defendant’s ABOD at pp 87 and 90-91.

SST was portrayed as having good turnaround prospects, such that it could
repay the loans from NCL and give NCL a return on top of that.

53 Mdm Kashmire latches on to Mr Balan’s representations and argues that since
NCL thought SST would be profitable, and that SST had valuable properties at
Benoi Sector and Pioneer Sector, NCL agreed that its loans to SST would all be
unsecured. This is perverse. Whatever NCL thought about SST’s worth and
prospects, the fact remains that NCL required personal guarantees from Mdm
Kashmire and Mdm Sushela, which were duly provided by the PGs. NCL requiring
personal guarantees despite positive representations as to SST’s worth and
prospects, indicates that NCL wanted the PGs as security.

Depression

54 On Mdm Kashmire’s own testimony, NCL would not have known that she was
suffering from any medical condition, nor that she was taking anti-
depressants, at the material time. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Transcript, 4 November 2020, p 84 lines 9-31; p 87 lines 2-11.

She also said that her mental state did not affect how she functioned – she
still functioned well: 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Transcript, 4 November 2020, p 87 lines 23-32; p 88 lines 1-15.

Q. … I’m trying to tell you there is now way for [NCL] to ever have known that
you were depressed at that time because you and [Mr Balan] were conveying
confidence in the business and trying to convince [NCL] to invest a
significant amount of money. So would you agree with me that they would not
have known [that you were depressed] at the time?

A. That’s two different things …. You know, my mental well-being and my
confidence to sell something and get a client in for business is [sic] two
different separate things. I still function well, I still did my work, I was
still cooking at home, I was a mother and everything. So … it’s my own mental
state of mind, I’m not going to, you know---I---I do not know how to answer
your question.

Q. Alright. So I’m going to put it to you that if you were taking
antidepressants then, you did not tell [NCL] you were taking antidepressants,
would you agree?

A. I didn’t tell them I was taking antidepressants, but---

Q. Thank you.

A. ---definitely, everyone knew, looking at me, that I was very stressed and
very worried.

Q. I put it to you also there is no way for [NCL] to have been aware then in
November 2016 … that you were in such a medical condition then.

A. Yes.

Q. There’s no way for [NCL] to be aware?

A. They wouldn’t have known.

[emphasis added]

55 Mdm Kashmire pleads that she had, in various conversations with NCL’s
representatives during negotiations, expressly informed NCL that she was
diagnosed with depression sometime in 2013. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

D&CC at para 36(c).

This is false, given what she accepted on the stand.

56 NCL would not have known that Mdm Kashmire was taking anti-depressants, or
that she was suffering from any infirmity at the time. If she were on anti-
depressants, depressed, or worried as she claims, presumably her husband Mr
Balan would have known that, but he handed her the PGs to sign nevertheless –
evidently, he did not think it inappropriate for her to sign legal documents
then.

Independent legal advice

57 The evidence shows that there were lawyers representing Mdm Kashmire and
SST (at least in March 2017), and she accepted that (see [32] above);
moreover, her lawyers had been instructed that debts owed by SST to NCL were
personally guaranteed (see [33] above). Furthermore, Mdm Kashmire continued to
sign the PGs until October 2017. I thus do not accept her plea that she lacked
independent legal advice.

Infirmity, impairment, and the other party’s knowledge

58 Even if Mdm Kashmire were suffering from an infirmity at the time, she
still needs to prove that it affected her decision making (see [47(d)] above).
But she says it did not. She says she “still function[ed] well” (see [54]
above). Moreover, any such infirmity or impairment was not something which NCL
knew or ought to have known of.

Value of the transaction

59 On whether the transaction was at an undervalue, 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

D&CC at para 36(d).

the PGs were not on extortionate terms: they were in respect of loans which
were repayable within a year from the date of each of the Loan Agreements,
interest free for the first year, with interest at 10% per annum thereafter.
Mdm Kashmire was not required to guarantee the consultancy fee which SST
contracted to pay NCL. Any unhappiness about the consultancy fee or with NCL
acquiring a stake in SST for nominal consideration are essentially matters
between NCL and SST which do not affect the enforceability of the PGs between
NCL and Mdm Kashmire.

60 In any event, given that SST needed funds, and NCL was asked to commit in
the region of $4m, the whole arrangement is not unfair, unjust, or
unreasonable. For the risk which NCL took, it has ended up being a shareholder
and creditor of an insolvent company - SST (in judicial management); and with
a claim in this suit against Mdm Kashmire on the PGs she signed.

NCL did not damage SST such that SST could not repay the loans

61 Mdm Kashmire relies on the proposition that a surety may be discharged if
the creditor has acted in bad faith towards her (Bank of India v Trans
Continental Commodity Merchants Limited and Jashbai Nagjibhai Patel [1983] 2
Lloyd’s Rep 298), and the proposition that a party cannot take advantage of
his own wrong to escape from his contractual obligations (Cheung Yong Sam
Investments Pte Ltd v Land Equity Development Pte Ltd [1992] 3 SLR(R) 533 at
[40]).

62 Her contention is that NCL itself brought about SST’s inability to repay
the loans. That, however, has no basis in fact.

63 Mdm Kashmire’s complaints span a wide range:

(a) NCL failing to provide any assistance to restructure SST’s business; 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

D&CC at para 19.

(b) NCL failing to provide $500,000 in working capital for SST; 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

D&CC at para 15.

(c) NCL failing to secure a $3,000,000 banking facility by its refusal to
provide a guarantee; 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

D&CC at paras 13-14.

(d) NCL’s Mr Choo and Mr Yang delaying or refusing to co-sign SST’s cheques;
78

##### Foot Note 78

×

D&CC at para 16.

(e) NCL interfering in SST’s relationship with its suppliers, customers and
employees; 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

D&CC at para 17.

(f) NCL’s removal of Mdm Kashmire as managing director and director of SST; 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Mdm Kashmire’s AEIC at para 38 in 2nd Defendant’s AEIC Bundle Vol I at p 23.

and

(g) NCL making premature demands for the repayment of the Loan Amount under
the Loan Agreements and payments pursuant to the PGs. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

D&CC at paras 31-35.

64 Point (g) above can quickly be disposed of. I have found that the Oral
Agreement does not exist, and accordingly NCL’s demands were not premature:
they were justified on the terms of the Loan Agreements and the PGs.

65 Before I address Mdm Kashmire’s other allegations, two points must be borne
in mind:

(a) It is for Mdm Kashmire to show how NCL’s behaviour (which she complains of
in this suit) had damaged SST such that SST could not repay the loans. A
number of her complaints relate to a period after SST had defaulted in
repayment of each of the loans (as it did by October 2018). Those matters
could not have caused SST’s default as at October 2018.

(b) Mdm Kashmire complains about what Mr Choo and Mr Yang supposedly did or
failed to do, such as to provide personal guarantees for banking facilities,
and to promptly sign cheques as directors and cheque signatories of SST. It
does not, however, necessarily follow that NCL would be vicariously liable for
Mr Choo’s and Mr Yang’s conduct in their individual capacities, or in their
capacities as directors of SST. There were no pleadings or submissions on
vicarious liability – instead, it seemed to be assumed that if some complaint
against Mr Choo or Mr Yang managed to stick (and none did), that would
implicate NCL. That was misguided.

NCL did not fail to provide assistance to restructure SST’s business

66 The CA states in preamble (A) 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

2nd Defendant’s ABOD at p 255; Plaintiff’s ABOD at p 264.

that SST requires assistance (“Assistance”) to expand its existing business,
including a restructuring of the company to enable it to repay certain
outstanding debts as defined in clause 6.2(a) of the SSA (“Outstanding
Debts”). 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

2nd Defendant’s ABOD at pp 270-271; Plaintiff’s ABOD at pp 241-242.

Clause 2.2 of the CA then states that NCL agreed to provide the necessary
Assistance. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

2nd Defendant’s ABOD at p 256; Plaintiff’s ABOD at p 265.

The SSA provides in clause 6.2 that that NCL would: 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

2nd Defendant’s ABOD at pp 270-271; Plaintiff’s ABOD at pp 241-242.

(a) assist SST in repaying the Outstanding Debts, which amount to $3,478,000;

(b) make available the sum of $500,000 to SST as working capital, which shall
be disbursed to SST as and when required, provided always that any use of this
amount is subject to the approval of NCL; and

(c) assist SST to obtain a banking facility for the sum of $3,000,000.

67 NCL did all of this, and more. Although NCL was only obliged to lend SST a
total of $3,978,000 (for the repayment of the Outstanding Debts and provision
of working capital), NCL lent more: $4,090,830.26 in all. I address the
working capital and banking facility aspects more specifically below.

NCL did not fail to provide $500,000 in working capital for SST

68 On top of the $3,478,000 required to repay the Outstanding Debts, NCL lent
SST $612,830.26 to meet other obligations, 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

Mr Choo’s AEIC at para 41 in Plaintiff’s AEIC Bundle at p 20.

thereby providing SST with working capital of more than $500,000.

69 Mdm Kashmire argues that none of the $612,830.26 counts as working capital,
because it was provided by NCL for specific purposes as requested by SST. Her
contention is that she and Mr Balan should have been provided with $500,000
that they could use as they pleased (and no matter how much NCL provided upon
SST’s requests, none of that would count as working capital). 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

Mdm Kashmire’s AEIC at para 58 in 2nd Defendant’s AEIC Bundle Vol I at p 39;
Transcript, 5 November 2020, p 15 lines 24-32; p 16 lines 1-3; p 20 lines
4-32; p 21 lines 1-8; p 22 lines 1-25.

That is not what the SSA provides. It was expressly stipulated in clause
6.2(b) of the SSA that the working capital would be disbursed as and when
required, and that its use was subject to the approval of NCL. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

2nd Defendant’s ABOD at p 271; Plaintiff’s ABOD at p 242.

There is no merit to this complaint, which moreover was only raised after NCL
sued.

NCL did not fail to assist SST to obtain a banking facility for the sum of
$3,000,000

70 NCL did assist SST to obtain a banking facility for the sum of $3m. With
NCL’s assistance, SST obtained a facility letter from United Overseas Bank
(“UOB”) for a banking facility in the sum of $3m. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

2nd Defendant’s ABOD at pp 360-377.

However, SST was unable to meet the conditions stipulated by UOB. That
facility was to be secured by a first legal mortgage over properties at Benoi
Sector and Pioneer Sector, and a joint and several guarantee for $3m to be
executed by Mr Choo, Mr Yang and Mdm Kashmire.

71 In July 2017, however, JTC stated that it would not be able to issue any
offer letter for the Benoi Sector plots until arrears had been fully paid up
by SST. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

2nd Defendant’s ABOD at p 440.

In turn, UOB noted that the Benoi Sector property would not be a core
collateral for the loan since JTC’s confirmation on the lease was still
pending. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

2nd Defendant’s ABOD at p 437.

On 25 August 2017, UOB’s Ms Janelle Lee (“Ms Lee”) asked that certain
documents be furnished to facilitate the revised loan request to be based
mainly on a personal guarantee as well as SST’s business viability going
forward, namely: 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

2nd Defendant’s ABOD at p 437.

(a) SST’s latest management accounts;

(b) SST’s latest three months aging report of debtors and creditors; and

(c) SST’s latest order books (specifying contract listing and period of
contract).

72 On 25 August 2017, Mr Choo asked Mr Balan to liaise with Ms Lee on the
documents that she required. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

2nd Defendant’s ABOD at p 437.

In the event, no subsequent facility letter came from UOB. Ms Lee sent a
further email on 28 November 2017, this time to say, “I refer to my phone
conversation with Mr Choo earlier and noted that we shall proceed to cancel
the loan request for [SST]”. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

Plaintiff’s ABOD at p 281.

Mr Choo explained that UOB had called him and wanted to close the case because
UOB could not come up with a new offer. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

Transcript, 3 November 2020, p 41 line 32; p 42 line 1; p 111 lines 15-31; pp
112-113; p 114 lines 1-25.

73 Mdm Kashmire’s pleaded case is that NCL breached its obligation to assist
SST to obtain a $3m banking facility, because NCL “refused to provide the
guarantee that was required for the [$3m] banking facility on behalf of
[SST].” 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

D&CC at para 14.

This is plainly unsound: UOB never asked NCL to provide any guarantee – the
only guarantee referred to in the UOB facility letter was a personal guarantee
from Mr Choo, Mr Yang and Mdm Kashmire. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

2nd Defendant’s ABOD at p 361.

74 Mdm Kashmire then says that Mr Choo and Mr Yang refused to execute that
personal guarantee, and so NCL breached its obligation to assist SST. First,
this does not follow: if Mr Choo and Mr Yang were unwilling to take on
personal liability as guarantors, that does not place NCL in breach. Second,
NCL’s obligation was to “assist” SST (and it did); NCL was not obliged to
“obtain” the banking facilities for SST, come what may.

75 In written closing submissions, Mdm Kashmire’s counsel recognised the
“common practice of using the word ‘[a]ssist’ in drafting agreements for
outcomes controlled by third parties which would generally be out of one’s
control”. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

2nd Defendant’s Closing Submissions (“DCS”) at para 14.

However, he submitted that here, “assist” should not be given its usual
meaning, since parties viewed the UOB loan facility as a certainty 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

DCS at para 14.

– thus, “assist” should mean that NCL were obliged to obtain the facility for
SST, and if UOB declined to grant the facility for any reason whatsoever, NCL
would be in breach of contract and could be sued by SST. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

DCS at para 15.

I reject this.

76 Although NCL was optimistic about getting the banking facility, NCL did not
accept an absolute obligation to obtain the facility come what may. Hence the
obligation was simply to “assist”. UOB might well refuse to grant a facility
to SST; NCL did not agree that if that happened, it would be in breach of its
obligations to SST.

77 Consistent with this, the SSA makes express provision for the possibility
that the banking facility might not be obtained. Clause 6.4 states: 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

2nd Defendant’s ABOD at p 271; Plaintiff’s ABOD at p 242.

The Parties hereby agreed that in the event that the banking facility cannot
be made available before any of the Outstanding Debts become due and payable,
[NCL] shall continue to provide cash loans to [SST] to repay any of the
Outstanding Debts, provided always that once the banking facility is approved,
[SST] shall utilise the banking facility to repay all the the [sic] cash loans
provided by [NCL].

78 Thus, if the banking facility was not obtained, NCL was to continue lending
SST money (up to the limit in the SSA), and NCL duly did so, indeed lending
more than it was obliged to. It was contended on behalf of Mdm Kashmire that
this clause only made provision for delay in obtaining the banking facility,
and not for the banking facility not being obtained at all. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

DCS at para 13.

I disagree. On its terms, clause 6.4 applies to both such scenarios – it
applies so long as the banking facility “cannot be made available before any
of the Outstanding Debts become due and payable”. Here, the banking facility
was never obtained, and the parties proceeded in accordance with clause 6.4 of
the SSA.

79 In any event, Mdm Kashmire fails to prove that Mr Choo and Mr Yang refused
to sign the requisite personal guarantee. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

Mdm Kashmire’s AEIC at para 46 in 2nd Defendant’s AEIC Bundle Vol I at p 29.

Mr Choo’s message of 25 August 2017 asked Mr Balan to liaise with Ms Lee
regarding the documents that she required (see [72] above), 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

2nd Defendant’s ABOD at p 437.

and that shows that Mr Choo was not opposed to making a revised loan request
based on a personal guarantee and UOB being satisfied with SST’s business
viability. Moreover, Mr Choo testified that he was prepared to sign a personal
guarantee for the UOB facility, but he believed that UOB was not satisfied
with the business viability of SST, and that is why no revised facility letter
was given. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

Transcript, 3 November 2020, p 40 lines 4–24.

80 At trial, Mdm Kashmire and Mr Balan belatedly referred to an alleged
telephone call from Ms Lee to Mr Balan (which Mdm Kashmire claims to have
overheard), where Ms Lee supposedly said that it was because Mr Choo and Mr
Yang would not sign the personal guarantee, that UOB was not proceeding to
offer a banking facility. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

Transcript, 5 November 2020, p 52 lines 20-32; p 53; p 54 lines 22-29; 10
November 2020, p 82 lines 12-32; p 83 lines 1-10; p 84 lines 12-16; p 85 lines
18-24.

Ms Lee was not called as a witness, and what was attributed to her is hearsay.
No notice to admit hearsay evidence was given as required by O 38 r 4 of the
Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed), and Mdm Kashmire’s counsel did not
point to any exception in the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed) allowing the
admission of hearsay evidence, that might avail Mdm Kashmire (and I did not
consider that any would).

81 The alleged telephone call with Ms Lee was not mentioned in Mdm Kashmire’s
or Mr Balan’s AEICs, and it was not put to Mr Choo or Mr Yang when they were
on the stand. I regard evidence of what Ms Lee supposedly said to be
inadmissible, and in any event I am not persuaded that the telephone call
happened.

82 Both Mdm Kashmire and Mr Balan acknowledged that Mr Choo was disappointed
when UOB eventually confirmed that it was unable to give a loan to SST. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

Transcript, 5 November 2020, p 59 lines 17-32; 10 November 2020, p 88 lines
9-12; Plaintiff’s ABOD at pp 646-647.

Mdm Kashmire even mentioned this in her WhatsApp message to Mr Choo on 28
September 2017, in which she said, “I know I fully understand [your]
frustrations that [UOB’s] loan did not come in [and] NCL has funded the loan
to SST”. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

Plaintiff’s ABOD at p 647.

Mr Choo’s disappointment is inconsistent with it being Mr Choo’s own fault
that the UOB bank loan did not materialise. In relation to UOB not offering a
banking facility, there was not one word of criticism against Mr Choo, Mr
Yang, or NCL, until after NCL sued.

83 Mdm Kashmire’s focus on the banking facility also makes no sense. Her
contention is that, if a banking facility of $3m were obtained and the monies
from that were used by SST to repay NCL, to that extent, SST’s debt to NCL
would be discharged and so too would the PGs she had given.

84 The SSA however envisages that NCL would lend SST more than $3m,
specifically $3,978,000 (and in the event NCL lent SST even more:
$4,090,830.26). Thus, to the extent of $978,000 or more, Mdm Kashmire would,
as a guarantor under the PGs, still be liable to NCL even if a $3m banking
facility had been obtained and used to repay NCL. She would also be liable to
the bank as a guarantor of the $3m facility. In effect, Mdm Kashmire’s
complaint is simply that it should be UOB suing her for the first $3m of the
debts she was guaranteeing, rather than NCL suing her for all of it - the bank
facility would not have freed her of liability. In any event, as I mentioned
above (at [77]), the SSA makes specific provision for the possibility that the
banking facilities might not be obtained, in which case NCL would continue
lending money to SST, and Mdm Kashmire (as guarantor) would be liable to NCL
for the full amount lent.

85 Indeed, Mdm Kashmire’s fixation on the UOB banking facility (for which she
was required to sign a personal guarantee) goes against any expectation that
she would never be personally liable for any of SST’s debts.

86 There was no breach on NCL’s part in relation to the banking facility not
being obtained, nor was any breach alleged until after NCL sued.

NCL’s Mr Choo and Mr Yang did not wrongly delay or refuse to co-sign SST’s
cheques

87 As I observed above at [65(b)], if complaints are made about the conduct of
Mr Choo and Mr Yang in their capacity as directors or signatories of SST, that
does not per se implicate NCL.

88 In the main, the alleged delay or non-signing of cheques relates to a
period after SST had already defaulted in repayment – it was obliged to repay
each of the loans by October 2018, and it did not. Mdm Kashmire also fails to
show that the alleged delay or non-signing of cheques was wrongful in the
first place, 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

Transcript, 5 November 2020, p 79 lines 19-32; pp 80-84; p 85 lines 1-10; p 88
lines 5-32; p 89; p 90 lines 1-17.

or how it rendered SST unable to repay the loans. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

Transcript, 5 November 2020, p 107 lines 20-32; p 108 lines 1-21; p 109 line
32; p 110 lines 1-16; p 111 lines 7-16 and 19-32; p 112 lines 1-19.

89 In her pleadings, 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

D&CC at para 16 and Table A of Annex 1.

Mdm Kashmire refers to brief particulars of the alleged delay or refusal to
co-sign cheques since 16 April 2019 – that is half a year after SST was
already in default of each of the Loan Agreements.

90 There is also a general allegation that the alleged delay or refusal to co-
sign cheques had started since or about the time NCL realised that SST would
be unable to procure the $3m banking facility (which would have been by
October 2017). 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

D&CC at paras 14 and 16.

Mdm Kashmire said that she would particularise the various instances, but this
was never done, beyond two occasions mentioned in her AEIC: 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

Mdm Kashmire’s AEIC at para 28 in 2nd Defendant’s AEIC Bundle Vol I at p 21.

(a) when Mr Choo was away “in the middle of a safari”; and

(b) when Mr Choo was away in Kelantan.

91 On both occasions, Mr Yang’s assistance was sought and obtained, and the
situation was resolved. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

Transcript, 5 November 2020, p 83 lines 16-25; pp 84-86; p 87 lines 1-3 and
23-32; p 88 lines 10-18; p 90 lines 21-32; p 91 lines 1-14; 11 November 2020,
p 9 lines 12-32; pp 10-11; p 12 lines 1-20; p 16 lines 20-24; p 17 lines
18-27.

There is no evidence of what harm (if any) SST suffered from the slight delay
due to Mr Choo being away and so unable to directly attend to the signing of
cheques (for which I would not fault Mr Choo, Mr Yang, or NCL). Moreover, for
the period prior to 16 April 2019, Mdm Kashmire and Mr Balan were unable to
identify any particular cheque that was eventually never signed because Mr
Choo and Mr Yang refused to do so. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

Transcript, 5 November 2020, p 82 lines 9-32; pp 83-87; p 88 lines 1-18; 10
November 2020, p 123 lines 27-29.

92 As for the period from 16 April 2019 onwards, it was fraught: not only was
SST already in default of its repayment obligations, NCL had discovered that
Mdm Kashmire and Mr Balan had been siphoning funds from SST by setting up
another company, Sea-Shore Holdings Pte Ltd (“SSH”). SSH was incorporated on
18 May 2018 and customers of SST were asked to pay SSH instead. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

Mr Choo’s AEIC at para 75 in Plaintiff’s AEIC Bundle at p 33.

NCL engaged a forensic accounting firm to conduct a special investigative
audit, from which NCL concluded that over $1m had been siphoned from SST
through the use of SSH. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

Mr Choo’s AEIC at para 76 in Plaintiff’s AEIC Bundle at p 33.

93 Mdm Kashmire claims that SSH was incorporated to get around Mr Choo and Mr
Yang delaying or refusing to co-sign cheques, 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

D&CC at para 18; Mdm Kashmire’s AEIC at paras 78-79 in 2nd Defendant’s AEIC
Bundle Vol I at p 47.

but that is a poor excuse given that for the period prior to SSH being
incorporated, Mdm Kashmire is only able to point to two occasions when Mr Choo
was away (as mentioned above at [90]–[91]), and on each occasion, as the
contemporaneous communications show, the situation was quickly resolved.

94 Further, Mdm Kashmire claims that whatever was diverted from SST to SSH was
then used for the benefit of SST, but she did not satisfactorily account for
it. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

Mdm Kashmire’s AEIC at para 80 in 2nd Defendant’s AEIC Bundle Vol I at p 47;
Transcript, 5 November 2020, p 97 lines 13-16; p 101 lines 31-32; p 102 lines
1-15; p 104 lines 26-32.

The setting up of SSH was wrongful in the first place: for one thing, it is
expressly provided in clause 2.2(e) of the SSA that Mr Choo and Mr Yang would
be bank signatories “such that any transactions of [SST] shall require [Mr
Choo] or [Mr Yang] to be a joint signatory to authorise payment for any
transactions of [SST]”. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

2nd Defendant’s ABOD at p 267; Plaintiff’s ABOD at p 238.

95 It was quite understandable for Mr Choo, Mr Yang and NCL to want to take
stock of the situation then, and to be even more circumspect about signing
cheques. What they did in the period from April 2019 onwards was prompted by
Mdm Kashmire’s and Mr Balan’s breaches of their duties to SST, which moreover
circumvented the SSA.

NCL was justified in intervening in SST’s affairs as it did

96 For the same reasons, NCL was justified in intervening in SST’s affairs as
it did, in relation to SST’s suppliers, customers and employees; and by taking
steps to remove Mdm Kashmire as managing director, 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

Plaintiff’s ABOD at pp 353-355.

and Mdm Sushela as director of SST. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

Plaintiff’s ABOD at pp 356-358.

It is perverse that Mdm Kashmire would seek to rely on these matters (which
were a legitimate response to her wrongful conduct) as some sort of a defence
to NCL’s claim against her.

97 It was submitted that NCL was angry with Mr Balan and Mdm Kashmire and so
it wanted to sink SST and bankrupt Mdm Kashmire. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

DCS at para 10.

But it makes no sense to suggest that NCL would destroy a company which owed
them millions of dollars and in which it had a substantial shareholding, just
because it was angry with Mr Balan and Mdm Kashmire. Not only is this not
pleaded, Mdm Kashmire’s AEIC makes an assertion going the other way: that NCL
had a secret agenda to gain unfettered control over SST and sell it for
profit. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

Mdm Kashmire’s AEIC at para 45 in 2nd Defendant’s AEIC Bundle Vol I at p 28.

If that were so, it would benefit not only NCL as a 45% shareholder in SST,
but also the remaining 55% shareholders in SST (including Mdm Kashmire’s
family). Mdm Kashmire thus contends that NCL was trying at the same time to
destroy her family, and to enrich them. I reject both suggestions. The
evidence simply shows that NCL was seeking to protect its investment in SST,
and in so doing, it tried to see if it could still save SST. Mr Choo rejected
the suggestion that he sought to sink SST, and explained: 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

Transcript, 3 November 2020, p 109 lines 27-32; p 110 lines 1-12.

I don’t say get even. You know, I mean, we also try to see whether still can
save or not, the company. Because with them continue to siphon the money and
it just like police catching a thief [sic] … I found it very tiring though.

… In fact, I scolded [Mr Balan]. I said, ‘I really feel sorry for your
family.’ … ‘[Y]our father had built up the empire but end up you come here and
cheat.’

98 If anyone sank SST despite the support provided by NCL, it was Mr Balan and
Mdm Kashmire.

NCL’s claim does not fail because it did not achieve an exit from SST, or did
not respond positively to settlement proposals by SST

99 Mdm Kashmire says that it was unconscionable for NCL not to accept certain
proposals which allegedly might have allowed SST to repay the loans. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

D&CC at para 36(e).

100 This is not unconscionability in the sense recognised in BOM v BOK ([47]
supra): Mdm Kashmire’s contention is not that liability does not arise in the
first place. Rather, she contends that even if SST were in default of its
repayment obligations, and she were liable as guarantor, NCL could lose all of
its rights against SST and against her, if NCL did not explore proposals that
might have resulted in NCL getting some money back. The contention, put
bluntly, is that a creditor can lose his entire debt if he does not reasonably
respond to settlement proposals, and the debtor will then get off scot-free.
Nothing in principle, policy, or precedent, was put forward to support this
bizarre proposition. In any event, the facts are against Mdm Kashmire.

101 On the terms of the Loan Agreements, the loans from NCL were all due
within a year of the respective amounts being lent. The earliest loan was on
29 November 2016 (with repayment due by 29 November 2017), the latest loan was
on 4 October 2017 (with repayment due by 4 October 2018). As of 4 October
2018, SST was thus indebted to NCL in the full sum of $4,090,830.26 lent,
together with interest; and Mdm Kashmire was liable for the same as a
guarantor under the PGs.

The letter of intent from Kerry-ITS

102 Of the various proposals Mdm Kashmire relies on, 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

D&CC at para 36(e).

only one was earlier than October 2018 – an approach from Kerry-ITS Holdings
Pte Ltd (“Kerry-ITS”).

103 On or around 8 December 2017, Mr Balan obtained a letter of intent from
Kerry-ITS for a potential investment of $3.5m “to effect a buyout of certain
minority shareholders of [SST] (including [NCL]), restructuring of [SST], and
subscription by [Kerry-ITS] of 30% of the issued and paid up capital of [SST]
[post-restructuring]”. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

2nd Defendant’s ABOD at p 462-464; Mdm Kashmire’s AEIC at para 33 in 2nd
Defendant’s AEIC Bundle Vol I at p 22.

The letter of intent was expressly marked “subject to contract and board
approval”, and Kerry-ITS did not commit to making the potential investment.

104 By the time of the letter of intent, NCL had lent a total of
$4,090,830.26, and SST was already in default of payment of the earliest loans
made on 29 November 2016 (which totalled $743,055.27); the figure rises to
$816,277.13 if the $73,221.86 lent on 8 December 2016 were also included.

105 NCL understandably wished to understand what exactly Kerry-ITS’ offer
entailed. On 9 December 2017, Mr Choo sent Mr Balan a WhatsApp message asking:
“[a]re u saying [Kerry-ITS] will buy [NCL’s] share [in SST] at $3.5m? On top
of that SST still has to pay [NCL] back the loan of $4m?” 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

Plaintiff’s ABOD at p 682.

Mr Choo wished to understand whether NCL would only get $3.5m (for some of its
shares in SST) when it had lent SST some $4m; or might it get paid for its
shareholding in SST and also be repaid the loan of $4m on top of that?

106 Mr Balan’s reply was, “[a]s we spoke yesterday … I had mentioned that
their offer price I do not know and expected around 4m …”. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

Plaintiff’s ABOD at p 682.

Mr Choo then said, “[s]ince [Kerry-ITS] is interested in [NCL’s shares in
SST], we want to be the party to talk to them” [emphasis added]. 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

Plaintiff’s ABOD at p 682.

Mr Balan replied, “[n]o issues I will check with [Mr William Loh from Kerry-
ITS (“Mr Loh”)] and revert”. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

Plaintiff’s ABOD at p 682.

Mr Choo sent a further message to Mr Balan to say that he will “let go all [of
NCL’s] shares [in SST] and [Kerry-ITS] will hold 45% [of the shares] in SST
[instead of] the [terms] [you] have offered them [ie, a 30% stake]”. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

Plaintiff’s ABOD at p 682.

107 In the event, NCL never got to meet with Kerry-ITS. 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

Transcript, 3 November 2020, p 74 lines 22-32; p 75 lines 1-8.

Mr Loh from Kerry-ITS was never made aware that NCL wanted to meet; 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

Transcript, 11 November 2020, p 60 lines 1-19.

instead, Mr Balan told him that NCL wanted $7.5m to exit from SST (which is
not what Mr Choo’s message had said), which Mr Loh and Kerry-ITS did not agree
to. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

Transcript, 11 November 2020, p 23 lines 1–18.

108 Mdm Kashmire and Mr Balan belatedly claimed that Mr Choo had asked for
$7.5m for NCL to exit from SST, 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

Transcript, 5 November 2020, p 130 lines 18-25; 11 November 2020, p 23 lines
30-31.

but their stories did not match. Mdm Kashmire said that this was at a meeting
between Mr Balan and Mr Choo, which she overheard; 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

Transcript, 5 November 2020, p 130 lines 26-32; p 131; p 132 lines 1-13.

Mr Balan said that it was over the telephone. 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

Transcript, 11 November 2020, p 51 lines 14–27.

Neither version was in Mdm Kashmire’s or Mr Balan’s AEICs, neither version was
put to Mr Choo. I accept Mr Choo’s evidence that he never asked for $7.5m; he
simply wanted a better understanding of what Kerry-ITS had in mind. 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

Transcript, 3 November 2020, p 76 lines 8-31; p 77 lines 1- 27; p 118 lines
22-31; p 119.

109 Mr Choo wanted to explore Kerry-ITS’ interest further, but because of what
Mr Balan (incorrectly) told Mr Loh of Kerry-ITS, 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

Transcript, 11 November 2020, p 59 lines 12-22.

nothing developed.

110 There was nothing objectionable in the conduct of Mr Choo and NCL in
relation to the approach from Kerry-ITS. I am, moreover, sceptical that Kerry-
ITS would eventually have agreed to purchase from NCL a 30% shareholding in
SST for $3.5m. Mr Loh (and Kerry-ITS) only had limited information about SST
at the time of the letter of intent. Mr Loh knew that SST owed money to
creditors, and that it was “in trouble” and “in a bit [of a] problem” (as he
described it). 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

Transcript, 11 November 2020, p 61 lines 3–17.

But he did not know the specifics of SST’s finances: he did not even know that
SST owed money to NCL, let alone that over $4m was owed, some of which was
already due for repayment.

111 Should NCL lose its claim for over $4m just because Kerry-ITS had once
suggested that it might buy some of NCL’s shareholding in SST for $3.5m? No.
Kerry-ITS never paid NCL anything, SST’s debt to NCL remains, and Mdm Kashmire
remains liable as guarantor under the PGs. Indeed, how the letter of intent
from Kerry-ITS might ever provide Mdm Kashmire with a defence to NCL’s claim
on the PGs, was never properly articulated.

“Without prejudice” communications relied upon by Mdm Kashmire

112 The remaining four proposals all involve “without prejudice” discussions
about a potential settlement.

113 The first three of these were conveyed by SST’s lawyers’ “without
prejudice save as to costs” letter of 18 April 2019. 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

2nd Defendant’s ABOD at p 678.

By this time, all the loans under the Loan Agreements were due from SST, NCL
had demanded payment, and NCL had sued. Mdm Kashmire also cites a fourth
proposal, which came even later, on 6 May 2019. 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

D&CC at para 36(e)(C).

114 On Mdm Kashmire’s case, when NCL sued, nothing was then due from SST,
since SST was to have at least three years (not one year as stated in each of
the Loan Agreements) to repay, and so payment would only be due on 29 November
2019 at the earliest.

115 The 18 April 2019 “without prejudice” letter from SST’s lawyers did not
however say that nothing was then due - it simply said SST had taken measures
to try and arrange for an agreed global sum to be paid to NCL, citing the
three proposals. The letter further requested that the parties meet together
with their respective solicitors on a without prejudice basis to explore the
same. 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

2nd Defendant’s ABOD at p 678.

116 Not only was nothing said about the loans not being due yet, the Loan
Agreements were not said to be “for show”, “mere formalities”, or
unenforceable – that position was only taken in Mdm Kashmire’s pleadings in
the suit.

117 Mdm Kashmire’s desperate attempt to rely on “without prejudice”
communications as a defence, goes against the very essence of “without
prejudice” privilege: that such communications will not prejudice the parties’
legal rights.

118 It was up to NCL whether it wished to explore SST’s “without prejudice”
overture for a resolution of the matter, or to insist on its legal rights and
press on with the suit.

119 No legal basis was suggested for the assertion that the “without
prejudice” communications could defeat NCL’s claims. NCL had perfectly good
claims against SST, Mdm Kashmire, and Mdm Sushela when NCL sued, and, in
principle, what SST said on a “without prejudice” basis could not be a defence
to that. Moreover, whatever SST said, it paid nothing.

120 Mdm Kashmire tries to say that NCL prevented SST from seeking funding that
could have been used to repay NCL, 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

D&CC at para 36(e).

but nothing of the sort happened. NCL was only a 45% shareholder in SST, and
Mdm Kashmire and Mr Balan were free to seek to persuade the remaining
shareholders in SST that the various proposals were viable and should be
pursued.

121 In the event, none of those proposals materialised, and SST did not manage
to obtain any new funds, which speaks volumes of the lack of viability of the
various proposals. A review of the proposals shows that NCL could not be
faulted for how it responded (or did not respond) to them.

(1) The Logos proposal

122 Logos SE Asia Pte Ltd (“Logos”) made a joint venture proposal dated 11
April 2019 in the form of an expression of interest that did not commit Logos
to entering into the potential joint venture with SST. 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

2nd Defendant’s ABOD at pp 679-689.

123 Mdm Kashmire points to the section in the proposal on “Fit Out Allowance”:
148

##### Foot Note 148

×

2nd Defendant’s ABOD at p 687.

A sum of up to [S$15] million of fit out allowance to be provided to [SST]
after the completion of the property purchase and upon commencement of
development activities.

The parties shall agree on the list of items on which the fit out allowance is
to be spent and the documentation needed.

124 Mdm Kashmire says that SST could have used that money to pay off NCL. But
that is not what the proposal says – the money was for fitting out purposes,
not for repayment of existing debts. Moreover, the proposal did not merely
entail Logos putting funds into SST. It involved the purchase by Logos from
SST of two properties that SST did not even own at the time. 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

2nd Defendant’s ABOD at p 680.

SST needed to acquire those properties (for purchase by Logos as part of the
proposed joint venture) before it could look to any “Fit Out Allowance” from
Logos. In the event, nothing resulted from the Logos proposal.

(2) The HSBC proposal

125 There was then a proposal for SST to obtain a loan from HSBC on the
collateral, inter alia, of an all monies joint and several guarantee from Mr
Balan, Mdm Kashmire, Mdm Sushela, and Mr Balan’s sister Mdm Jayanthi. 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

2nd Defendant’s ABOD at pp 690-692.

Mdm Jayanthi never agreed to give such a guarantee – she was not even told of
it (see [39] above). It was also a condition of the potential loan from HSBC
that the suit commenced by NCL had to first be discontinued, or SST had to
have fully repaid or resolved matters with NCL, or SST had to have placed
$4.7m with HSBC with repayment to NCL based on an agreed schedule. 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

2nd Defendant’s ABOD at p 692.

The monies from the potential loan were expressly not for repayment to NCL –
SST had to resolve NCL’s claim first; it might then obtain a term loan of $2m
to be directly disbursed and paid to machine/equipment suppliers (which SST
was not – see [38] above); and a further facility of up to $8m for receivables
financing (ie, factoring).

126 SST was unable to repay or resolve NCL’s claim, and NCL did not
discontinue the suit. Accordingly, no loan was obtained from HSBC.

(3) The RHB proposal

127 The third proposal involved SST obtaining a loan from RHB, in an
indicative amount of $1.6m (far short of what was required to repay NCL). 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

2nd Defendant’s ABOD at p 693.

That was expressed as being “subject to the considerations below being met”,
but there was no evidence as to what those considerations were. In the event,
no such loan materialised.

128 Mr Balan acknowledged that RHB (like HSBC) would not have given any loan
unless the litigation with NCL was removed, and they did not take it any
further because they could not remove the litigation and the bank stopped it
at that. 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

Transcript, 11 November 2020, p 32 lines 23-32; p 33 lines 1-6; p 36 lines
3–18.

(4) The proposal from Mr Paraj Kakkar and Mr Teo Yi-Dar

129 The last proposal came from Mr Paraj Kakkar (“Mr Kakkar”) and Mr Teo Yi-
Dar (“Mr Teo”). 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

D&CC at para 36(e)(C).

There was a “without prejudice” meeting and “without prejudice” correspondence
on 6 May 2019. 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

2nd Defendant’s ABOD at p 736.

Again, Mdm Kashmire should not have relied on this in an attempt to prejudice
NCL’s legal position in this suit.

130 NCL reasonably proposed a settlement sum of $4,090,000, which was slightly
less than the $4,090,830.26 which NCL had lent to SST, with no provision for
any further payment to NCL in terms of interest, costs or a consultancy fee.
The proposed repayment term was: $300,000 upon execution of the intended sale
and purchase agreement, and the balance to be paid in seven equal monthly
instalments from 1 July 2019 to 1 December 2019. NCL also asked that judgment
be entered in the suit, which judgment it would not enforce. 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

2nd Defendant’s ABOD at pp 737-738.

Further, NCL wanted a guarantee from the intended purchaser for the settlement
sum. 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

Supplementary Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief of Yang Tse Pin (“Mr Yang’s
Supplementary AEIC”) at para 55 in Plaintiff’s AEIC Bundle at pp 462-463;
Transcript, 3 November 2020, p 78 lines 3-32; p 79 lines 1-25; p 93 lines 2-9;
4 November 2020, p 3 lines 23-31.

131 The response from Mr Kakkar and Mr Teo by email was a counter-proposal
that the suit be withdrawn, with further payments after the first $300,000 to
be paid in nine monthly instalments starting only after 90 days after
satisfaction of all the supplementary terms (including withdrawal of the suit,
and NCL relinquishing majority control of the board of SST). 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

2nd Defendant’s ABOD at pp 739-742.

The intended purchaser also declined to provide a guarantee for the settlement
sum. 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

Mr Yang’s Supplementary AEIC at para 55(b); Transcript, 4 November 2020, p 3
lines 23-31.

The counter-proposal was not acceptable to NCL – in effect, it would have to
withdraw the suit after receiving just $300,000 of its $4m claim, with no
assurance of further payments. In the event, nothing became of the proposal
after Mdm Kashmire was removed from SST’s board of directors on 7 May 2019.

132 There was nothing unreasonable in how NCL responded (or did not respond)
to the various “without prejudice” proposals. In the first place, it was wrong
of Mdm Kashmire to rely on these matters to prejudice NCL’s legal rights in in
this suit, and they simply do not help her.

Mdm Kashmire’s Counterclaim

133 In view of my findings above, I dismiss Mdm Kashmire’s counterclaim for
rescission of the PGs. Her remaining counterclaims are for breach of the Oral
Agreement, and for misrepresentation. 160

##### Foot Note 160

×

D&CC at paras 49–60 read with paras 9 and 26–30.

These are premised on the Oral Agreement, the existence of which I have
rejected (see [42] above). It follows that I dismiss her counterclaim as a
whole.

Conclusion

Merits

134 Mdm Kashmire threw a host of allegations against NCL and its
representatives, but none of them stuck. Her defence and counterclaim fails,
and what is left is NCL’s claim against her on the PGs. NCL did not seek a
pound of flesh from her: it only asked that she honour her promise to pay the
$4,090,830.26 which NCL had lent SST, together with contractual interest
thereon (totalling $4,774,303.54 inclusive of interest up to the date of writ,
18 March 2019).

135 I thus grant NCL judgment for:

(a) the sum of $4,774,303.54 as claimed; and

(b) further contractual interest (pursuant to clause 3.2 of each of the Loan
Agreements) 161

##### Foot Note 161

×

2nd Defendant’s ABOD at p 98; Plaintiff’s ABOD at p 18.

on the principal sum of $4,090,830.26 at the rate of 10% per annum from 18
March 2019 to payment.

Costs

136 NCL also claimed costs on a full indemnity basis pursuant to clause 11 of
the PGs; 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

2nd Defendant’s ABOD at p 103; Plaintiff’s ABOD at p 137.

but it was submitted on Mdm Kashmire’s behalf that no costs order should be
made against her as she is now legally aided, citing s 12(4)(c) of the Legal
Aid and Advice Act (Chapter 160, 2014 Rev Ed). 163

##### Foot Note 163

×

DCS at para 54.

In the circumstances, I will hear the parties further on costs.

Andre Maniam  
Judicial Commissioner

Prakash Mulani and Ruelia Rufus

(M&A Law Corporation) for the plaintiff;

John Jeevan Noel and Victor Khong Wei De

(Pereira & Tan LLC) for the second defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 11 Feb 2021 (13:57 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

