Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the APPELLATE DIVISION OF THE HIGH COURT

  
OF THE REPUBLIC OF SINGAPORE

[2021] SGHC(A) 12

Civil Appeal No 39 of 2021 and Summons No 14 of 2021

Between

| Ishan Anoop Sakraney  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

| Ameet Nalin Parikh  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

In the matter of Originating Summons No 1281 of 2020

Between

| Ameet Nalin Parikh  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| Ishan Anoop Sakraney  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

GROUNDS OF DECISION

[Contract] – [Contractual terms]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Ishan Anoop Sakraney

  
v

  

Ameet Nalin Parikh and another matter

[2021] SGHC(A) 12

Appellate Division of the High Court — Civil Appeal No 39 of 2021 and Summons
No 14 of 2021  
Belinda Ang Saw Ean JAD, Quentin Loh JAD, and See Kee Oon J  
20 September 2021

21 September 2021

See Kee Oon J (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

1 The plaintiff-respondent (“Ameet”) was engaged by the defendant-appellant
(“Ishan”) to help liquidate and monetise certain assets, pursuant to a Letter
of Engagement (“LOE”) as modified by an Addendum of 1 April 2017 (“Addendum”)
(collectively, “the Contract”). There was no dispute that Ameet had rendered
services which resulted in the successful completion of the asset sale (“the
Sale”), and that Ameet had been paid up till 30 September 2019.

2 The only issue in dispute was whether Ameet was entitled to fees for his
services for completing a sale before 30 September 2019, even if Ishan had not
received the Sale proceeds before 30 September 2019. Ameet claimed that he
was, and sought a declaration to that effect. Ishan disagreed. Central to this
disagreement was the interpretation of Clause 4.2 of the LOE as amended by the
Addendum (“Clause 4.2”). The judge below (“the Judge”) interpreted Clause 4.2
in Ameet’s favour. He held that Ameet was entitled to fees for services
rendered between June 2013 to September 2017 in relation to the completion of
sale of assets held under two holding companies, Portillo Holdings Corporation
and Prime Target Development Inc (collectively, “the Companies”). Ishan held
one-third of the beneficial interest of the share capital in the Companies
through Shorai Holdings Inc, of which he was the sole shareholder.

3 On appeal, Ishan’s position was that on a proper construction of Clause 4.2,
Ameet’s entitlement to the fees would only arise upon Ishan’s receipt of the
sale proceeds. His main argument was that he could not have been expected to
be saddled with payment obligations years after the Contract was terminated on
30 September 2017, and beyond the two-year tail period set out in Clause 4.4
of the LOE (“the Tail Period Clause”). To that end, Ishan pointed to the plain
language of the Contract, the commercial context of the Contract and the
parties’ conduct between the start of the Contract on 14 June 2013 and the
last day of the tail period ie. 30 September 2019 (“the Relevant Period”).
Ameet, in turn, argued that the same factors pointed to the contrary.

The issues and parties’ positions

4 The present dispute turned on:

(a) the plain language of the Contract (specifically, the interpretation of
Clause 4.2);

(b) the commercial context surrounding the Contract; and

(c) the parties’ conduct during the Relevant Period.

5 In our view, the plain language of the Contract supported Ameet’s
interpretation and neither the commercial context nor the parties’ conduct
urged a different interpretation. Our reasons were as follows.

AD/SUM 14/2021

6 As a preliminary matter, we allowed Ameet’s application in AD/SUM 14/2021
(“SUM 14”). SUM 14 was Ameet’s application to strike out the Appellant’s Reply
filed by Ishan. Ameet correctly pointed out that an appellant is only allowed
to file a reply to address a respondent’s contention that “the decision of the
Court below should be varied” or that the decision should be affirmed on other
grounds not relied upon below: O 56A r 9(7) and 9(8) of the Rules of Court
(Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed) (“Rules of Court”). Ameet accepted the Judge’s
decision in full. The Respondent neither sought to vary the Judge’s decision
nor to affirm it on other grounds not relied upon below. We therefore saw no
grounds for the Appellant’s Reply.

7 Moreover, Ishan raised new arguments in the Appellant’s Reply. The three
highlighted in Ameet’s submissions for SUM 14 were: (a) the suggestion that
the true scope of Ameet’s work was to “move funds out of the Companies… into
the hands of the Appellant”; (b) the suggestion that the Companies and its
operating subsidiaries are separate entities and that therefore Ameet would
not be entitled to fees in respect of sales of assets of the Companies’
subsidiaries; and (c) a resurrection of certain arguments which had already
been rejected in proceedings below and which were not raised in the
Appellant’s Case. We agreed with Ameet fully and the new arguments canvassed
only fortified our view that SUM 14 should be granted.

8 We turn then, to the appeal proper.

The plain language of the Contract

9 At the outset, we should state that the applicable law on contractual
interpretation was uncontroversial and undisputed (see the Judge’s ex tempore
judgment (“the Judgment”) at [25] – [27]). The relevant clauses of the
Contract were (i) Clause 4.2, (ii) the Tail Period Clause, and (iii) Clause
4.2(a) of the Addendum to the LOE (“the Pune Bungalow Illustration”).

Clause 4.2

10 Clause 4.2 states:

4.2 Fees for such services will be computed and paid on the basis of

a. 1% (One percent) of the value realized by Ishan [the defendant] upto [sic]
US$20 million

b. 15% (Fifteen percent) of the value realized by Ishan in excess of US$20
million

For the purposes of this letter, "value realized by Ishan" will be value or
amounts received from the Companies by Ishan or Shorai Holdings Inc., or any
other holder of the shares currently held by Shorai Holdings Inc., in any form
whatsoever commencing from the date of this Addendum, including but not
limited to sales proceeds form [sic] the sale of the assets of the Companies,
dividends, royalties, non-compete fees or any similar such payments / fees
that are linked to or arise from Ishan's ownership of 1/3rd share of the
Companies. However, for the avoidance of doubt, this will not include any
monthly dividends (US$25,000) received by Ishan and will not be counted as
"value realized by Ishan". These fees will be paid immediately upon Ishan
receiving the monies described above…

(emphasis added in bold)

11 Essentially, the interpretation of Clause 4.2 turned on how one interpreted
the words “value realised”. Ameet’s fees arose upon, and were calculated by
reference to “value realised” from the contract. Ishan’s submission was that
value was only truly realised when he (Ishan) received the Sale proceeds.

12 We disagreed with Ishan. Firstly, the words “value” and “realised” were
themselves, broad terms – “value” need not be purely monetary and
“realisation” of the same need not be limited to receipt of monies. “Value”
was not necessarily just money in Ishan’s pockets: overcoming practical
difficulties of selling large assets spread across multiple jurisdictions,
representing Ishan’s interest in what Ishan described as a “full blooded
family dispute” and ultimately, securing a good selling price for the
Companies assets – all these qualified as “value” as well. Secondly, the
phrases highlighted above all indicated that a narrow construction of “value
realised” should not be adopted. Value could take “any form whatsoever” and
was not restricted to cash amounts received by Ishan within the two-year tail
period after the termination of the Contract. If anything, Clause 4.2 treated
“value” and (cash) “amounts” as alternatives (“‘value realized by Ishan’ will
be value or amounts received”), suggesting that the two were not as synonymous
as Ishan contends. It stood to reason that parties would not have included the
words “or amounts” if they ultimately regarded “value” and “amounts” as
synonymous. A canon of contractual interpretation after all, is that parties
are assumed to have intended every word in a given contract. There is a
presumption against redundant words: Travista Development Pte Ltd v Tan Kim
Swee Augustine and ors [2008] 2 SLR(R) 474 at [20]. The preferred
interpretation is one which eschews redundancy in the contract. This was
Ameet’s, rather than Ishan’s interpretation of the Contract.

13 We were also unpersuaded by Ishan’s arguments. Four deserved attention:

(a) Ishan explained that the words “in any form whatsoever” in Clause 4.2
merely “clarif[ied] the transactions that [Ameet was] expected to act upon in
order to receive fees”. But this was a bald assertion, and there was no
explanation why those words should have been read in the manner that Ishan
urged. If anything, the syntax of Clause 4.2 suggested that “in any form
whatsoever” was truly intended to amplify the words “value or amounts”. The
real intention – evident from the ordinary language of the Contract – was to
expand what the Contract recognised as “value realised” beyond pure cash
items.

(b) Ishan also contended that the Judge failed to consider that the four items
described in Clause 4.2 (sale proceeds, dividends, royalties and non-compete
fees) were cash items, showing that the parties had intended to equate “value”
with cash. Ishan’s argument was misconceived. Firstly, these were purely
illustrative examples nestled within what the Contract explicitly described as
an inclusive and non-exhaustive list (“including but not limited to”).
Secondly, there was good reason why cash items were used as illustrations.
Ameet’s remuneration was essentially a percentage-based commission. The basis
for that commission had to be grounded in something quantifiable. Cash items
were the natural candidate. But all these went merely towards identifying the
amount that Ameet should be paid, and not whether Ameet was entitled to be
paid at all. The latter question was the relevant one here, and was answered
by reference to a broader definition of “value realised”.

(c) Ishan further relied on another line in Clause 4.2 which specified that
Ameet’s fees “[would] be paid immediately upon Ishan receiving the monies
described above”. However, this did not assist Ishan either as it conflated
the question of Ameet’s entitlement in principle to the fees with when Ishan’s
payment obligation arose.

(d) Ishan’s final argument was that Ameet’s interpretation created an
entitlement to fees in perpetuity. First, there was no entitlement in
perpetuity. Ameet’s fee entitlement ends when Ishan has finished paying up.
Ishan finishes paying up when he has given 15% of the remaining value realised
from the Sale. What made the arrangement “perpetual” was not an unreasonable
interpretation of Clause 4.2 but the entirely ordinary fact of a debt. It was
only as “perpetual” as there was a continuing obligation to pay off a debt.
Second, there were clear limits to Ameet’s fee entitlement. For example, if
the Sale had not completed within the Relevant Period, Ameet acknowledged that
he would not be entitled to any fees. He also acknowledged that if the
proceeds from the Sales were never distributed to Ishan, he (Ameet) would not
be entitled to any fees (“If [Ishan] does not collect, [Ameet] does not
collect”). Third, and in any case, Ishan’s interpretation – that Ameet is only
entitled to fees upon Ishan’s receipt of the Sale proceeds – made no
commercial sense. The Judge below tested Ishan’s theory by posing a
hypothetical scenario. Assuming that Ameet had fully rendered his services
(this being undisputed) and assuming that the Sale had been fully completed
within the Relevant Period (again, undisputed), what would happen if the
Companies had not distributed the Sale proceeds through dividends until after
the Relevant Period? Ishan’s response was: “no payment if no dividends
declared until after 2 years”. That plainly could not have been the case. That
would mean an individual could have done all he was expected to under a
contract, and yet remain unpaid due to factors completely beyond his control.
That would not have made commercial sense. The Judge observed as much at [34]
of the Judgment and we fully agreed.

The Tail Period Clause

14 For convenient reference, we reproduce the Tail Period Clause:

4.4 This clause 4 will survive the termination of this agreement for a period
of 2 years except if the agreement is voluntarily terminated by me [ie, the
plaintiff] in which case clause 4 is terminated with immediate effect.

15 Of the two competing explanations for the Tail Period Clause, we found
Ameet’s more plausible and persuasive. Ameet’s explanation (which the Judge
ultimately accepted) was that the Tail Period Clause accounted for “lag” time
between the provision of his services, the completion of the Sale, and the
receipt of the Sale proceeds by Ishan. For a transaction of such complexity as
the Sale, it was crucial to secure fair remuneration for Ameet for his
services, even if the Sale did not complete before 30 September 2017 (the
Contract’s termination date). Ishan’s explanation was that the Tail Period
Clause provided a separate and independent entitlement to payment upon receipt
of the Sale Proceeds. His explanation proceeded on the assumption that Clause
4.2 only entitled Ameet to fees upon receipt of the Sale proceeds. The Tail
Period Clause then, extended that entitlement for a further two years. At the
end of that, all entitlement to fees were extinguished.

16 Ameet’s explanation was more consistent with the nature of tail period
clauses. Tail period clauses (sometimes referred to as “tail gunner clauses”)
are not uncommon. Tail period clauses have been variously discussed in cases
such as Eminent Investments (Asia Pacific) Ltd v DIO Corporation [2020] HKFCA
38, African Minerals Limited v Renaissance Capital Limited [2015] EWCA Civ
448, and Carriage Hill Management LLC v Boston Lobster Feast Inc [Case No.
GJH-17-2208] where the Hong Kong Court of Final Appeal, the English Court of
Appeal and the United States District Court (Maryland, Southern Division) have
respectively confirmed Ameet’s explanation of the commercial purpose behind
such clauses. The gist is that these clauses guard against
advisors/consultants being unfairly deprived of a transaction fee which they
have substantially earned. These clauses prevent situations where an
advisor/consultant has done everything necessary to bring a deal to fruition,
but in the absence of a tail period clause, might be excluded from
compensation should the sale complete only after the advisory/consultancy
agreement is terminated. There was no reason to believe that Ameet’s situation
was any different.

The Pune Bungalow Illustration

17 Clause 4.2 of the Addendum to the LOE is as follows:

4.2 … For the purposes of this paragraph, besides value realized by Ishan from
the Companies, the following assets / receivables will be counted as 'value
realized by Ishan' upon receipt by Ishan or by his immediate family or
entities owned or for the benefit of Ishan or his immediate family

a. Sale proceeds from the sale of Ishan’s 1/3rd share or the acquisition by
Ishan of the remaining 2/3rd share in the Pune Bungalow (located at Pot No.
365 Sindh Society, Aundh, Pune) For the purposes of calculation of my fees, in
either of the abovementioned situations, the “value realized by Ishan” shall
be the transacted value of Ishan’s 1/3rd beneficial share in the Pune
Bungalow.

b. Receipt of assets/amounts from the loan amount extended to Vishwanathan
Ganapathy of approximately USD 1m less any additional amounts extended by
Ishan to Vishwanathan Ganapathy.

c. Assets/amounts from the loan/investment amount extended to Ravi
Subramaniam/Silverline of approximately USD 2m less any additional amounts
extended by Ishan to Ravi Subramaniam/Silverline

d. Any amount from or related to Allied Properties Snd Bnd (sic) Malaysia.

e. Sale proceeds from the Office proper5ty in 4C Court Chambers Mumbai.

f. Amounts pursuant to court orders or settlements with regard to litigation
with the Companies in the BVI

g. Any amounts from or related to Watanmal Holdings Inc.

h. Any amounts from or related to Watanmal Boolchand Partnership (for the
avoidance of doubt this does not include repayment of any loans extended by
any of the partners)

(Pune Bungalow Illustration emphasised in bold)

18 The parties had differing interpretations of the Pune Bungalow Illustration
found in Clause 4.2(a). Under the Pune Bungalow Illustration, Ishan had the
choice to either sell his 1/3 share in the Pune Bungalow or to acquire the
remaining 2/3 share from the other members of his family. Obviously, if he had
opted for the latter option, that would have involved him paying rather than
receiving any monies. Notwithstanding this, the Contract treated this as
“value realised” for the purposes of calculating Ameet’s fees. As such, Ameet
regarded this as an illustration of how “value realised” under the Contract
encompassed more than monies received. Ishan, on the contrary, argued that the
Pune Bungalow Illustration was simply an exception to the general rule that
“value realised” was indeed synonymous with “value received”.

19 In our view, the Pune Bungalow Illustration was just that – an
illustration. As such, it was difficult to draw any firm conclusions that
could definitively close off one particular interpretation or another. In any
case, Clause 4.2 made clear that the illustrations enumerated under Clauses
4.2(a) – (h) were special provisions setting out how specific situations were
to be treated (“besides value realised by Ishan from the Companies, the
following assets/receivable will be counted as ‘value realised by Ishan’…”).
It was not clear what guidance these special provisions offered about how the
Contract regarded “value realised” in general. In our view, the interpretation
of Clause 4.2 did not require resort to these illustrations at all. The plain
language of the Contract amply supported Ameet’s case and the Judge’s finding
below.

The commercial context

20 The commercial context did not assist Ishan’s case either. The thrust of
Ishan’s argument was that the entire raison d’etre of the Contract was to put
money in his pocket. That is why Ameet’s fee entitlement had to be tied to
Ishan actually receiving the Sale proceeds. That Sale proceeds would make
their way into Ishan’s hands may well have been a happy (and even necessary)
consequence of the Contract. But Clause 2 of the LOE made clear the scope of
Ameet’s obligations and what he was expected to do:

2\. Scope of Work

2.1 Alternate Director

[Ameet] will act as Alternate Director only when Ishan is otherwise pre-
occupied and unable to attend Board meetings or attend to matters requiring
the attention of the Directors of the Companies. [Ameet] will perform all the
responsibilities expected of a director of the Company and as specifically
directed by Ishan. This role would require, inter alia, [Ameet’s] attendance
at Board meetings and/or participating in other discussions and correspondence
by and amongst the directors of the Companies. It is understood that this is a
non-executive role in that there is no requirement for the day-to-day
supervision of the management of the Companies; which is the responsibility of
the Operations Committee of the Board that has been appointed to perform these
supervision activities.

While there will be every endeavor (sic) to consult and agree with Ishan the
specific actions and positions on all matters the Board of Directors of the
Companies, [Ameet] would have the flexibility of making judgments and
decisions especially at Board Meetings which [Ameet] would attend in the
absence, and as an Alternate, of Ishan.

Nothing contained above is meant to limit the roles, responsibilities, rights
and obligations of an Alternate to a Representative Director of the Company
that have been prescribed under the Articles of association of the Companies
or the BVI Business Companies Act 2004.

2.2 Member of the Sales Committee

In [Ameet’s] role as member appointed to the Sale Committee, [Ameet] will act
in accordance with the mandate provided to the Sales Committee, by the Board
of Directors and the Shareholders of the Companies. [Ameet] will provide [his]
consent of such appointment to, and execute the confidentiality Agreements
with, (sic) the Companies in the form attached to this letter as Annexures 3
and 4 respectively.

Clauses 2.1 and 2.2 made it clear that Ameet was to act as Ishan’s Alternate
Director on the Companies’ board of directors, and participate as a member of
the Sales Committee responsible for liquidating the assets of the Companies.
Ameet did so, and as part of these duties, the Sale was completed within the
Relevant Period. This was undisputed. Ishan’s arguments appeared merely to be
an invitation to look beyond the corners of the Contract. That is ultimately
an approach only to be taken in situations when a contract proves incapable of
explaining itself. That was not the case here.

Parties’ conduct

21 As for the parties’ conduct, two facts deserved attention: first, the fact
that Ameet’s fees were only paid upon distribution of the Sale proceeds to
Ishan and second, the language in their correspondence during the Relevant
Period where the terms “received” and “realised” were occasionally used
interchangeably. In our view, both facts said little about when the parties
intended for Ameet’s fee entitlement to arise.

22 The fact that Ameet was only paid whenever dividends/director’s fees were
distributed to Ishan was ultimately equivocal. It supported both parties’
theories. It supported Ishan’s theory that Ameet’s fee entitlement arose only
upon actual distribution of the Sale proceeds. But it also supported Ameet’s
theory that there was a distinction between whether Ameet’s fee entitlement
arose and when Ishan was obliged to pay – a distinction that Ishan himself
conceded. The two, according to Ameet, arose at different junctures. Ishan’s
obligation to pay only arose upon receipt of dividends/director’s fees. That
was why Ishan paid only when he was able to. On balance, the Judge was
entitled to prefer Ameet’s version, given the plain language of Clause 4.2
itself and Ameet’s far more believable explanation of the Tail Period Clause.

23 We also noted that the parties did not seem to have clearly distinguished
between the terms “realise” and “receive” in their course of dealings. This in
turn, may have suggested that the Contract itself used the terms “realise” and
“receive” interchangeably, and ultimately, that Ameet’s fee entitlement really
only arose upon Ishan’s receipt of dividends/director’s fees from the
Companies.

24 Admittedly, the parties did on occasion use the terms “realise” and
“receive” interchangeably in various email exchanges from January 2019
onwards. In our view however, these too were equivocal. There was no sustained
or consistent conduct by the parties showing that they regarded “realisation”
and “receipt” as one and the same thing. But more importantly, Ameet and
Ishan’s loose language did not change the fact that the Contract also
recognised value realised (not just amounts realised) and fastened Ameet’s fee
entitlement to such value realised. As discussed above, “value” as a term was
broad enough to cover not just actual cash received but also to recognise the
value generated in securing a good sales price for the Companies’ assets.

25 It bears repeating that the parties did not dispute that Ameet had rendered
his services fully, and that the Sale was completed within the Relevant
Period. Ameet deserved to be paid for completing those services, and further,
to be paid according to the terms of the Contract, even if the precise quantum
was to be calculated at a later date.

The contra proferentem rule and its applicability

26 Finally, we should state that contrary to Ishan’s contentions, the contra
proferentem rule had no application in the present case. The Court of Appeal
in LTT Global Consultants v BMC Academy Pte Ltd [2011] 3 SLR 903  stated (at
[56] – [58]) that this doctrine operates in two stages:

(a) first, the court must determine if there is ambiguity in the contract; and

(b) second, the contract must identify the person against whose interest the
ambiguous term should be read (“the proferens”). The proferens is either the
person who seeks to rely on the term or the person who proposed the term for
inclusion in the contract in the first place.

27 The present case failed at the first stage. In our view, there was little
ambiguity in the contractual terms. The scope of Ameet’s work was clear. It
was also clear that he had fulfilled his contractual obligations. The manner
of calculating his fees was clear too – it was set out in a formula at Clause
4.2. The only dispute was whether that entitlement was tied to Ishan’s receipt
of the Sale proceeds or the simple fact that Ameet’s work did indeed bring
value to Ishan within the Relevant Period. That did not, by itself, generate
sufficient ambiguity for the doctrine of contra proferentem to operate.
Disagreements alone do not equate to ambiguity, more so where the dispute is
capable of being resolved by ordinary principles of contractual
interpretation.

Conclusion

28 For the reasons above, we allowed SUM 14 and dismissed the appeal with the
usual consequential orders. As for costs, we awarded Ameet $40,000 (all-in)
for both SUM 14 and the main appeal.

Belinda Ang Saw Ean  
Judge of the Appellate Division| Quentin Loh  
Judge of the Appellate Division  
---|---  
See Kee Oon  
Judge of the High Court|  
  
Tito Isaac, Wong Hui Min and Shalini Rajasegar (Tito Isaac & Co LLP) for the
appellant;

Prakash Pillai, Koh Junxiang and Charis Toh (Clasis LLC) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 21 Sep 2021 (13:34 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

