Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC 216

Admission of Advocates and Solicitors No 86 of 2021

In the Matter of Section 12 of the Legal Profession Act (Cap. 161)

And

In the Matter of Rule 25 of the Legal Profession (Admission) Rules 2011

Re Vikram Kumar Tiwary

Ex Tempore Judgment

[Legal profession] — [Admission]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Re Vikram Kumar Tiwary

[2021] SGHC 216

General Division of the High Court — Admission of Advocates and Solicitors No
86 of 2021  
Choo Han Teck J  
20 September 2021

20 September 2021

Choo Han Teck J:

1 Mr Vikram Kumar Tiwary applied for admission to the Singapore Bar to
practise as an advocate and solicitor. He graduated from the University of
Sheffield with the degree of Bachelor of Laws in 2018, and thereafter, duly
passed the requirements for admission to the Singapore Bar, namely, the Part A
and Part B Bar examinations. He completed his practice training at K&L Gates
Straits Law LLC on 1 July 2020. He filed this application for admission on 16
March 2021. His application was fixed for hearing on 9 June 2021. Nine days
before that day, Mr Vikram Tiwary died. The cause of death was certified by
the forensic pathologist Dr Chan Shijia as “cardiorespiratory failure”. The
Letters of Administration of Mr Vikram Tiwary’s estate was granted to his
mother, Mdm Ramoti Devi, on 12 July 2021.

2 Counsel moving Mr Vikram Tiwary’s call on 9 June 2021 was his uncle, Mr
Ramesh Tiwary. He asked that the application be heard and that Mr Vikram
Tiwary be admitted to the Bar posthumously. There being no precedent for such
an application, I adjourned the proceedings for counsel to satisfy me that
there are no legal impediments for granting this application.

3 The foremost question is whether this cause of action survives the death of
the applicant. That answer is found clearly in s 10(1) of the Civil Laws Act
(Cap 43, 1999 Rev Ed) (“CLA”), which provides that all causes of action
(except those involving defamation and seduction as stated in s 10(2) of the
CLA) vested in or subsisting against the person survive the death of that
person, for the benefit of his estate.

4 The second question is whether the inability of the applicant to take the
oath and make the declaration as an advocate and solicitor impedes this
application. I am grateful to counsel for the Attorney General, Mr Jeyandran
Jeyapal, counsel for the Law Society, Mr Gregory Vijayendran SC, counsel for
the Institute of Legal Education, Mr Avery Chong, and counsel for the
applicant, now Mr Sanjiv Rajan for their prompt research, and pointing out
that rule 30(1) of the Legal Profession (Admissions) Rules 2011, provides that
“(e)very person admitted as an advocate and solicitor shall make the
declaration referred to in paragraph (2)”. Paragraph (2) refers to the
declaration that Mr Vikram Tiwary and every newly admitted advocate and
solicitor would have to make — a solemn declaration reminding lawyers of their
duties not only to themselves and to their clients, but also to the court and
the cause of justice. Making this declaration is required of an applicant
after his admission, and is therefore not a pre-requisite for admission — it
is the lawyer’s first duty after admission.

5 With the two important questions answered favourably, it remains for me to
exercise the discretion of the court to grant Mr Vikram Tiwary’s application.
The court can invoke its inherent jurisdiction to exercise certain powers to
prevent injustice or abuse of the process of the court. For instance, the
court can reject a plea of guilt unless it is satisfied that the accused
understands the nature and consequences of his plea and admits to the offence
without qualifications. It is also invoked in cases such as this to ensure
that justice is done. It is a jurisdiction born sometimes of necessity, and
sometimes in pursuit of noble causes. There have been, for instance, cases,
although not in Singapore, where a person had been admitted posthumously, to
the Bar. Ms Iris Barry Yake was admitted to the Edmonton Bar 40 years after
her death, as she was too ill to attend her bar admission ceremony. Her
admission was in recognition of the inspiration she held out to her daughter
who rose to the ranks of the Queen’s Counsel.

6 In the present application, judging by the efforts of Mr Vikram Tiwary
himself, justice will be served if his application is allowed. Not only had he
fulfilled all the requirements necessary for admission, but he had, in
anticipation of his admission to the Bar, registered himself with the Law
Society’s Criminal Legal Aid Scheme(“CLAS”) to be a CLAS fellow, as well as
the Law Society’s Pro Bono Scheme.

7 Mr N Sreenivasan SC of K&L Gates Straits Law LLC joins a list of prominent
lawyers who testified to Mr Vikram Tiwary’s good character, and who support
his application for admission. The Attorney General, The Law Society of
Singapore, and the Singapore Institute of Legal Education unanimously
submitted that they have no objections to this application.

8 Had Mr Vikram Tiwary made his application in person on 9 June 2021, his
application would no doubt have been granted. What ought to have been done,
Equity treats as done. I therefore grant an order in terms of this application
and admit Mr Vikram Tiwary to the Bar.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge of the High Court

Sanjiv Kumar Rajan, Simaa Ravichandran and Samuel Tay (Allen & Gledhill LLP)
for the applicant;  
Jeyendran Jeyapal, Jocelyn Teo and Lim Toh Han (Attorney-General’s Chambers)
for the Attorney-General;  
Gregeory Vijayendran SC for the Law Society of Singapore;  
Avery Chong for the Singapore Institute of Legal Education.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 20 Sep 2021 (11:11 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

