Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF THE high court of he republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC 250

Suit No 989 of 2019

Between

| Ye Huishi Rachel  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| Ng Ke Ming Jerry  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

judgment

[Contract] — [Formation] — [Consent]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Ye Huishi Rachel

  
v

  

Ng Ke Ming Jerry

[2021] SGHC 250

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 989 of 2019  
Lai Siu Chiu SJ  
17–18 March, 30 April 2021

2 November 2021 Judgment reserved.

Lai Siu Chiu SJ:

Introduction

1 In Suit 989 of 2019 (“this Suit”), Rachel Ye (“the Plaintiff”) sued Jerry Ng
Ke Ming (“the Defendant”) over an investment in an exotic product called
agarwood, after her investment soured and she incurred losses.

2 At the heart of this Suit lies a document recording the Defendant’s
agreement to pay the Plaintiff a total of $1,225,000 in relation to the
Plaintiff’s investment (the “Settlement Agreement”). The Settlement Agreement
was signed and initialled by both the Plaintiff and the Defendant.

3 The Plaintiff is suing for moneys which she claims are owed to her under the
Settlement Agreement. The Defendant, meanwhile, denies that the Settlement
Agreement is legally binding.

4 In making their cases, the Plaintiff and the Defendant set out starkly
contrasting narratives concerning how the Settlement Agreement came to be
signed. It is useful to consider their accounts in detail, to illustrate the
depth and extent of this divergence.

The Plaintiff’s version of events

How the Plaintiff met the Defendant

5 In her affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”), the Plaintiff, who manages
her own family food supply business and is a part-time investor, 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC at para 4.

described how she came to know the Defendant.

6 The Plaintiff deposed that she was interested in general investments and she
would therefore sometimes attend seminars and investment talks. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC at para 5.

At one such seminar that she attended, the Plaintiff met the Defendant, who
was a fellow attendee. They struck up a conversation on investment
opportunities, during which the Defendant told the Plaintiff about agarwood, a
fragrant wood used in the manufacture of perfumes and incense. He told her
agarwood was prized due to the depletion of wild forests and was a protected
species of trees in many countries. For those reasons, the supply of agarwood
was limited and it was valuable. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC at para 6.

7 According to the Plaintiff, the Defendant advised her agarwood was a good
investment as the rate of return was high. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC at para 6.

The Plaintiff was convinced by the Defendant and she started investing in
agarwood through him. The Plaintiff started her investment in agarwood on or
around 7 February 2017 with $10,000, which she credited into a bank account
nominated by the Defendant, 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Reply at para 5.

who told her the account holder was one “Cedric” 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Whose full name is Cedric Chua Cheng Xun, according to the Defendant’s AEIC at
para 9(a).

. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC at para 7.

8 In June 2017, the Defendant returned to the Plaintiff $13,000, of which
$3,000 represented her profits. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC at para 7.

Calculated over a year, the $3,000 profit equated to an annualised return of
120% ($3,000 ÷ $10,000 = 30% for one quarter, multiplied by four quarters).

9 Not surprisingly, the Plaintiff was impressed and decided to invest further
in agarwood through the Defendant. Hence, in April 2018, the Plaintiff
invested $80,000 with the Defendant. This second investment yielded her a
profit of $20,700 in June 2018 when the Defendant returned to her $100,700 in
cash, 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC at para 8.

representing a return of 25.875% over two months or an annualised return of
155.25%.

10 Greatly encouraged, the Plaintiff decided to invest even more money with
the Defendant. She placed $100,000 with the Defendant in June 2018 via a
platform named “Trello” introduced to her by the Defendant, whom she believed
had set it up. Trello enabled the Plaintiff and other persons to invest in
agarwood. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC at para 8.

In December 2018, the Plaintiff invested a further $843,000 with the Defendant
via the Trello platform. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC at para 9.

By early 2019, that sum had ballooned to a total of $1,225,900. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC at para 10.

11 The Plaintiff claims that the Defendant had promised and assured her that
she would receive her investment with profits in June 2019. This did not
materialise. Pressed by her, the Defendant allegedly told the Plaintiff “many
stories” to explain the delay. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC at para 10.

The Plaintiff felt uneasy and feared the worst every time the payment
deadlines to her were postponed. The Defendant requested that she speak to
Cedric and gave her Cedric’s contact number. The Plaintiff appears not to have
taken up the Defendant’s suggestion. She claims she did not know Cedric, whom
she had only met casually twice, during which meetings no business was
discussed (which the Defendant disputes).

The Settlement Agreement and the Consent Letter

12 After several meetings and discussions with the Defendant, the Plaintiff
told him she wanted his assurance of re-payment in writing as her investment
was too big for verbal assurances. She claims that the Defendant agreed to
sign a legal document to confirm the debt and that he told her he could only
afford instalment payments to her, to which she agreed. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC at para 11.

13 The Plaintiff deposed that she requested that an agreement be drawn up, to
which the Defendant agreed. However, after two to three weeks, the Defendant
had still not done so. When the Plaintiff requested him to get his lawyer to
prepare the agreement, the Defendant gave the Plaintiff the “lame excuse” that
he could not afford a lawyer. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC at para 12.

14 The Plaintiff decided to get a law firm to prepare the agreement. She
engaged the services of Ong & Co LLC (“the lawyers”) in June 2019 to prepare
the Settlement Agreement. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC at para 13.

After the Settlement Agreement was prepared and she had approved it, the
Plaintiff requested the Defendant to go to the lawyers’ office to sign the
document. He did not, and kept giving excuses for his omission. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC at para 14.

The Plaintiff decided to take matters into her own hands.

15 On 10 June 2019, the lawyers sent a letter of demand 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Agreed Bundle (“AB”) at p 318.

on the Plaintiff’s behalf to the Defendant, demanding that he return to her
the sum of $1,225,900, comprising her investment of $963,000 and 27%
($262,900) profits not 30% (as the Plaintiff claimed) that he promised her.

16 According to the Plaintiff, she took the Settlement Agreement from the
lawyers and handed the document to the Defendant personally. She deposed that
she told him to sign the document after he had perused it. About two days
after she had handed him the document, the Plaintiff called the Defendant to
collect the same. The Defendant used the excuse that he could not find a
witness as the reason for not having signed the document. The Plaintiff said
she would provide him with a witness if he could not find one himself.
According to her, he did not object. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC at para 15.

17 The Plaintiff then arranged to meet the Defendant with her “relative” Yap
Khim Chwee (“Yap”), who would be his witness. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC at para 16.

The three of them met at the void deck of the block of flats where the
Defendant’s residence was situated. The Defendant signed the Settlement
Agreement in the presence of Yap and initialled every page just as the
Plaintiff did. The signed agreement was dated 16 July 2019. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

AB at pp 320–328.

The Defendant separately signed a letter of consent dated the same day (“the
Consent Letter”). The Consent Letter stated that the Defendant consented to
Yap being his witness for the Settlement Agreement, notwithstanding his being
the Plaintiff’s elder brother. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

AB at p 329.

18 The Plaintiff was described as “the Claimant” and the Defendant as “the
Debtor” in the document. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

AB at p 321.

Under cl 3A of the Settlement Agreement, the Defendant agreed to pay the
Plaintiff as follows: 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

AB at p 323.

1\. The sum of $100,000.00 to be paid on or before the 1st day of August 2019;

2\. The sum of $200,000.00 to be paid on or before the 1st day of September
2019, 1st day of October 2019, 1st day of November 2019, and 1st day of
December 2019;

3\. The sum of $325,000 to be paid on or before 1st day of January 2020.

19 Under cl 3D of the Settlement Agreement, the Defendant was given a grace
period of seven days to cure any default in instalment payments. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

AB at p 324.

In the event that the Defendant failed to rectify any default in payment
during the grace period, or that the cheques he tendered for the instalment
payments were dishonoured, the Plaintiff was entitled under cl 3F to demand
payment of the entire sum outstanding as at the date of default. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

AB at pp 324–325.

20 It was the Plaintiff’s case that the Defendant signed the Settlement
Agreement voluntarily.

21 It should be noted at this juncture that the recitals in the Settlement
Agreement were inaccurate, as can be seen below:

A The [Plaintiff] has furnished sums amounting to $963,000 to the [Defendant]
to carry out various investments towards the trading of Agar Wood on various
dates.

B Such payments have been made by the [Plaintiff] with the [Defendant’s]
confirmations and promises (thus forming a condition of the trading of Agar
Wood) that any investment will be returned to the [Plaintiff] within three
months from the relevant Transaction Date with a 30% profit. The Transaction
Date is defined as the operative date the [Plaintiff] conveyed the Trading Sum
to the [Defendant], with the last being on or about November 2003.

C The [Plaintiff] is therefore entitled to receive the payment of $1,215,900
(ie $943,000.00 principal sum + $282,900.00 profit) from the [Defendant]. The
total sum due from the [Defendant] to the [Plaintiff] is $1,225,900.00 (‘the
Sum Due’).

...

The figure in Recital A did not tally with the figure in Recital C. 30% of
$963,000 is $288,900. If $963,000 was the principal sum and not $943,000, the
total amount including 30% profit ($288,900) would be $1,251,900 not
$1,225,900.

The Defendant’s version of events

22 The Defendant, however, gave a very different and much more detailed
version of events.

How the Defendant met Cedric

23 According to the Defendant, he first met Cedric in 2015 when the latter was
in the business of trading car parts in Taiwan. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 14.

They because friends but had no business relationship. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 15.

In mid-2016, the Defendant discovered Cedric was representing a company called
Nimbus Technologies. The Defendant engaged Nimbus Technologies to develop a
sales deck. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 16.

24 At about that time, the Defendant was indebted in a sum of around $270,000.
He confided in Cedric and expressed fears of being made a bankrupt. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 17.

That was when Cedric told the Defendant about his investment in agarwood from
which he made huge profits – by buying agarwood from Taiwanese sellers and
selling to buyers in the region. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 18.

25 Cedric told the Defendant that he lacked sufficient funds to purchase more
agarwood. He told the Defendant that if the Defendant had funds, the Defendant
could invest in agarwood and Cedric would give him a profit within two months.
32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 19.

26 On or about 13 November 2016, Cedric informed the Defendant he was raising
funds for a new deal. He inquired if the Defendant was interested; the
Defendant declined. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 20.

Subsequently, the Defendant changed his mind and invested $7,000 with Cedric
in December 2016. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 22.

The Defendant made a profit of 70% from that investment in agarwood.
Thereafter, the Defendant continued investing with Cedric and began to recover
financially. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 24.

Cedric told the Defendant he would pay the Defendant a commission for anyone
whom the Defendant successfully introduced as an investor. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 25.

27 According to the Defendant, many of his friends became interested when they
saw how his financial situation had improved with his investment in agarwood.
They started investing in agarwood with Cedric through the Defendant. One of
these investors was the Plaintiff. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Defendant’s AEIC at paras 26–27.

How the Defendant met the Plaintiff

28 The Defendant deposed that he first met the Plaintiff in or about August
2016 through the introduction of an acquaintance. Both the Defendant and the
Plaintiff were then investing in Nanning, China. In fact, the Plaintiff had
then approached the Defendant to introduce his friends to an investment scheme
there (“the Nanning Scheme”). 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 42.

29 The Defendant himself had already invested in the Nanning Scheme through
two persons, Lee and Shanice. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 43.

Although he considered investing in the Nanning Scheme through the Plaintiff,
he subsequently changed his mind and informed the Plaintiff on or about 12
November 2016. She immediately demanded that he return a sum of $2,000 she had
lent him. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 45.

30 At the material time, the Defendant was working as a loans broker. For
every loan that he secured, the Defendant would earn a fee from the borrower.
41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 47.

The Plaintiff was one such borrower. Between late 2016 and early 2017, the
Defendant assisted the Plaintiff to obtain loans totalling $521,745 from six
banks in Singapore, both local and foreign. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 48.

These six banks did not include another bank from whom the Defendant assisted
the Plaintiff to borrow a substantial sum in 2017, using a landed property she
co-owned as collateral.

31 When the Defendant requested the Plaintiff to pay him some commission for
procuring her the substantial loan, the Plaintiff said she could not because
of financial constraints but indicated she would invest in agarwood through
him so that he could earn some commission. The Plaintiff noticed the
Defendant’s financial situation had improved and found out the reason was his
investments in agarwood through Cedric. The Plaintiff said she was interested
to invest in agarwood as well since she was in urgent need of funds. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Defendant’s AEIC at paras 51–53.

32 In or about February 2017, the Defendant told the Plaintiff that Cedric
would contact her directly, which Cedric did. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Defendant’s AEIC at paras 54–55.

The Plaintiff decided to invest in agarwood and inquired if she could do so
directly with Cedric without going through the Defendant; the Defendant
agreed. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Defendant’s AEIC at paras 58–60.

She also corresponded directly with Cedric. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 63.

33 The Defendant disputed the Plaintiff’s description of herself as a part-
time investor; he asserted that was far from the truth. He alleged the
Plaintiff made investment after investment in an attempt to alleviate her
financial predicament. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 78.

The Defendant surmised it was probably because she hoped Cedric could assist
her in this regard that she invested so heavily in agarwood. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 79.

34 It should be noted at this juncture that all communications between the
Plaintiff, the Defendant and Cedric were almost totally via WhatsApp. The
Plaintiff exhibited a number of WhatsApp messages between herself and Cedric
in her AEIC, but none at all of those messages between herself and the
Defendant. In contrast, the Defendant produced meticulous and extensive
records (spanning over three years) of his WhatsApp conversations with the
Plaintiff. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Defendant’s AEIC at pp 143–299.

The Plaintiff’s involvement of other investors

35 In March 2018, the Plaintiff told the Defendant she had two persons who
wanted to invest in agarwood. The Defendant told her Cedric was using the
Trello system as an investment platform and she needed to create an account.
The Plaintiff provided an email address to the Defendant with which he created
a Trello account for her (“the Plaintiff’s Trello account”). 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 80.

36 According to the Defendant, the Plaintiff’s Trello account enabled her to:
(i) see Cedric’s track record herself, (ii) monitor which agarwood investment
Cedric was seeking funding for and (iii) respond to “cards” which Cedric
created to seek funding. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 81.

With regard to (iii), the Defendant deposed that the Plaintiff responded to a
card created by Cedric dated 1 April 2018 where Cedric sought funding of
$250,000. On 10 April 2018, the Plaintiff invested $80,000 on behalf of
herself and other investors using the Plaintiff’s Trello account. She passed
$80,000 cash to the Defendant who passed it in turn to Cedric. The investment
matured around 6 June 2018 and she received $20,700 as profits, as stated
earlier at [9].

37 On 23 April 2018, Cedric created another card on Trello seeking funding of
$220,000. The Plaintiff informed the Defendant on 24 April 2018 that she
wanted to invest $100,000 this time in the names of seven persons who included
her son Richmond, her mother and her brother.

38 Contrary to the Plaintiff’s claim at [8] that she hardly knew Cedric, the
Defendant deposed that at the behest of the Plaintiff and other investors, he
arranged for them to meet Cedric on 10 September 2018 at a cigar lounge at
Trengganu Street (“the first meeting”). 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Defendant’s AEIC at paras 108–109.

The Defendant recalled that the Plaintiff was particularly outspoken at the
first meeting and led the discussion. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 111.

She even read Cedric’s fortune then. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Defendant’s AEIC at paras 116–117.

39 At the first meeting, Cedric explained his background, how he came to
invest in agarwood since 2015 and the reasons for his fundraising. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Defendant’s AEIC at paras 111–115.

As a result of the first meeting, the Plaintiff started investing heavily with
Cedric and she brought in other investors as well, whom she described as her
“personal friends”. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Defendant’s AEIC at paras 120–123.

She secured these other investors between September and December 2018. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 126.

40 On or about 8 December 2018, Cedric called the Defendant and said some of
the deals that were due that December were facing issues. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 127.

By late December 2018, the Plaintiff started informing the Defendant that some
of her investors wanted to withdraw their investments. She continuously sought
updates from the Defendant on Cedric. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 128–130.

She added that she required a pay-out of $230,000 by 10 January 2019. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 132.

The Defendant’s usual response was to forward to the Plaintiff whatever
WhatsApp messages he had exchanged with Cedric and inform her he would follow
up with Cedric. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 133.

41 On or about 13 January 2019, the Plaintiff informed the Defendant that her
father was in the intensive care unit of a hospital, and asked for a pay-out
of $80,000. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 135.

By 3 February 2019, the Plaintiff started applying more pressure on the
Defendant, informing him that her investors were extremely unhappy and she
found it very difficult to answer them. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Defendant’s AEIC at paras 138–139.

42 On 7 February 2019, the Plaintiff requested the Defendant to arrange a
meeting for her with Cedric which he did on 11 February 2019. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Defendant’s AEIC at paras 141–144.

The Defendant planned to attend the meeting but the Plaintiff indicated she
preferred to meet Cedric alone. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 145.

After the meeting, the Plaintiff informed the Defendant that Cedric had
assured her that her investments were safe and had explained to her the
reasons for the delay. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 146.

She told the Defendant that Cedric had promised her a pay-out on 12 March
2019, on which date she intended to withdraw all her funds. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 147.

43 Two days after 11 February 2019, the Defendant informed the Plaintiff that
Cedric had met three other investors to whom he promised a pay-out in the
first week of March 2019. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 148.

In his AEIC, the Defendant set out WhatsApp exchanges he had with the
Plaintiff where she clearly stated that she had requested Cedric to start
paying her by 27 February 2019, but that Cedric moved the date back to the
first week of March 2019. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 151.

He also pointed out that her messages showed that the Plaintiff knew her
invested funds were with Cedric and not him. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 153.

44 On or about 25 February 2019, the Plaintiff texted the Defendant, stating
she urgently needed $60,000 by 5 March 2019 to pay off her investors and she
wanted the rest of the money Cedric had promised her by 12 March 2019. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 155.

45 On or about 3 March 2019, the Plaintiff forwarded to the Defendant
screenshots of her conversations with Cedric. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Defendant’s AEIC at paras 158–160.

From the conversations, it was clear therefrom that she was chasing Cedric for
her money on 12 March 2019, using as her excuses that the husband of one of
her investors had passed away and she needed money for the surgery of her
father who was in ICU. She further sent the Defendant a video of her father in
hospital. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 161.

46 On 8 March 2019, she requested the Defendant to put pressure on Cedric to
make the pay-out using the funeral of her investor’s husband and her father’s
surgery as the reasons for the urgency. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 162.

She followed up by sending the Defendant images of her attending the funeral
(with a photograph of the deceased in his coffin) as well as a stream of
WhatsApp messages. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 165 and p 307.

47 According to the Defendant, it was at this juncture (and again on 14 March
2019) that the Plaintiff requested the Defendant to buy over $300,000 of her
investments. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Defendant’s AEIC at paras 166–167 and 172.

The Defendant could not buy her out as he had already bought out one or two of
his friends in February 2019 and had no funds left. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 169.

The Plaintiff made veiled threats to the Defendant that she needed to calm her
investors to prevent them from lodging police reports. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 166.

The Defendant deposed that he feared police reports not because he had done
anything wrong but because he himself had invested $2m with Cedric; he was
worried that if the police came into the picture, Cedric would not be able to
complete his deals and none of the investors would recover their monies. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 170.

48 The Defendant clarified that he was not aware of what transpired whenever
Cedric visited Taiwan for the agarwood investment nor who Cedric’s business
contacts there were. He only introduced investors to Cedric, passed investors’
monies to Cedric and returned to investors their pay-outs from Cedric when
those fell due. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 171.

49 In mid-March 2019, the Plaintiff made what the Defendant termed a
“deceitful proposal”: 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 175.

she asked him to have any new investors buy her out instead. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 176.

The Defendant ignored her: knowing that the agarwood investments were stuck
and facing major problems, he did not want to bring in another investor. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

Defendant’s AEIC at paras 177–179.

Notwithstanding this, the Plaintiff continued to pressure the Defendant on 16
March 2019 to promise her that once Cedric paid the Defendant, he would pass
her the money immediately, to pay for her father’s and her son’s medical
bills. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 180.

50 On or about 18 March 2019, the Plaintiff inquired of the Defendant what he
would do if her father passed on and her family of ten was rendered homeless.
85

##### Foot Note 85

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 182.

She continued to pressure him for updates on Cedric. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 186.

By then the Defendant had gotten into arguments with Cedric because he kept
asking Cedric for updates on payment. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 185.

The Defendant would also record conference calls he and his investor friends
had with Cedric wherein Cedric assured the investors that their monies were
safe with Cedric; 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

Defendant’s AEIC at paras 187–188.

the Defendant forwarded four of those videos to the Plaintiff. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 189.

51 Early in the morning of 21 March 2019, the Plaintiff threatened the
Defendant that if he did not pay her $500,000 by 5.00pm that day, she would
lodge a police report and send debt collectors to his house. When the
Defendant failed to respond, the Plaintiff continued to press the Defendant
throughout the day for an answer. At about 10.00pm, she told the Defendant
that she wanted to withdraw $1.2m. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 190.

The Defendant was terrified by the Plaintiff’s threats and lodged a police
report on the same day. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 197.

52 The Defendant had further exchanges with the Plaintiff between 22 and 26
March 2019, with the Plaintiff badgering/pressurising the Defendant for the
return of her money. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

Defendant’s AEIC at paras 200–202.

53 At around that time, Cedric informed the Defendant that he would be paying
$200,000 to the investors, of which the Plaintiff’s share was $15,000. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 203.

When the Defendant informed the Plaintiff, she immediately pressed him for the
money, which he passed to her. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

Defendant’s AEIC at paras 204 and 206.

54 Around this time, the Defendant had become part of a WhatsApp chat group
with the Plaintiff and six other investors (the “2019 Chat Group”). 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 208.

The 2019 Chat Group had daily discussions centred on how to recover their
monies from Cedric. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 209.

In one instance, the Defendant was called to meet with a number of investors
from the 2019 Chat Group, namely the Plaintiff, Jason Ang (“Jason”) and Siew
Wei Quan, Bryan (“Bryan”). Jason insisted that the Defendant call Cedric in
their presence. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 210.

The Defendant did so, but nothing meaningful resulted from the call. Jason,
however, insisted on retaining the Defendant’s handphone so that he could
communicate directly with Cedric. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 211.

A day or two later, at the Defendant’s insistence, his handphone was returned
to him. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 212.

The Defendant discovered therefrom that Jason had sent numerous WhatsApp
messages to Cedric which he exhibited in his AEIC; those messages of Jason
were unpleasant and threatening in nature. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

Defendant’s AEIC at pp 328–330.

55 Between 19 April and 31 May 2019, the Plaintiff continuously pressed the
Defendant to chase Cedric in turn for her monies. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

Defendant’s AEIC at pp 290–292.

Around end-May 2019, the Plaintiff told the Defendant that she could not hold
off her investors any longer; that one of them had made a police report; and
that an officer from the Bedok Police headquarters had allegedly told her that
the complainant would not withdraw the police report unless Cedric’s debt was
repaid. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 214.

56 In June 2019, the Defendant deposed, the Plaintiff told him one of her
investors was a datuk who wanted to sue him in Singapore and the Defendant
should not mess around with him. The Plaintiff told the Defendant another of
her investors was a lady who had connections with the forensics department in
Singapore and she could “backdoor her way” to recover her $50,000 with the
Plaintiff. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 218.

The Settlement Agreement and the Consent Letter

57 On 6 June 2019, the Plaintiff requested the Defendant for a further update,
accusing him of dragging his feet. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 221.

She kept up the pressure on the Defendant until 27 June 2019. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

Defendant’s AEIC at pp 292–294.

That night she told the Defendant that: 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 227.

(a) her investors were running out of patience and had paid her a visit around
February 2019;

(b) some of her investors were “datuks” from Malaysia, gangsters and
individuals who were connected with the police or the forensics department;

(c) the investors would look for the Defendant as they had his address.

58 In the same call, the Plaintiff said the only way the Defendant could
appease the investors and protect himself and her was to sign an agreement.
The Defendant responded that he would follow up with Cedric and see what can
be done. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 228.

59 The Plaintiff then suggested that the Defendant sign an agreement so that
she could use it to appease her investors, assuring him that she would not
enforce it. She said she was desperate and if he assisted her, nothing would
happen to the Defendant or to his family. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 229.

The Defendant told the Plaintiff that Cedric would make some payments in
August 2019, but the Plaintiff indicated that was unacceptable. The Plaintiff
hung up, but sent the Defendant WhatsApp messages subsequently asking for
updates on the situation with Cedric. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

Defendant’s AEIC at paras 230–233.

No mention was made in these WhatsApp messages of any agreement. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

Defendant’s AEIC at p 294.

60 On 15 July 2019, however, out of the blue, the Plaintiff texted the
Defendant to say that she would meet him at 3.00pm to vet the Settlement
Agreement and to sign it at 8.00pm. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 234.

61 The Defendant disputed the Plaintiff’s assertion that he had agreed to have
the agreement drawn up (see [13] above). He contended he neither saw nor
discussed the contents of the Settlement Agreement prior to his signing the
document. He pointed to the fact that prior to his signing, he did not
exchange messages with the Plaintiff on the document. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

Defendant’s AEIC at paras 236–240.

The Defendant reproduced his WhatsApp exchanges with the Plaintiff for the
period 15–16 July 2019 to support his contention. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 242.

62 The Defendant’s version surrounding the signing of the Settlement Agreement
was diametrically different from what was stated in the Plaintiff’s AEIC. He
deposed that he felt extremely trapped by her relentless pursuit of him. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 247.

She was persistent – there was no let-up on her part even when the Defendant
did not take her calls as reflected in his WhatsApp history. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 249.

He deposed that he finally responded to the Plaintiff in the afternoon of 16
July 2019 after avoiding her in the morning as well as the previous day,
including the calls she made using his landline number. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 250.

63 When they spoke, the Defendant told the Plaintiff that he would only be
home at around 11.00pm. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 250.

Immediately after the call, she messaged him to confirm that she would see him
at 11.00pm, adding that it would be better for the Defendant to use his
brother as his witness. The Defendant used the excuse that his brother did not
end work so early. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 252.

That again did not deter the Plaintiff. At 8.54pm, the Plaintiff told the
Defendant she needed a copy of his identity card. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 258.

He did not take her three subsequent calls. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 260.

When the Defendant finally returned her call, the Plaintiff told him she was
already at the void deck of the block of his residence. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 261.

64 The Defendant’s version of his signing of the Settlement Agreement is as
follows: 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 262.

(a) the Plaintiff placed the Settlement Agreement before him;

(b) she showed him the pages that stated a sum of $1.2m was owed by him to her
and her investors;

(c) she did not give him an opportunity to check the aforesaid sum to verify
the amount that was due from Cedric to her;

(d) the Plaintiff did not go through the document with him page by page;

(e) the Plaintiff reminded him that if he did not sign and her investors came
after her, he would be in trouble as well;

(f) the Plaintiff assured him that signing the Settlement Agreement was a
formality – it was something for her to show to her investors to hold them
off, and she would not assert a legal right based on it;

(g) she instructed him to initial at the bottom of every page and sign the
last page;

(h) he noticed the Plaintiff had already signed the Settlement Agreement;

(i) neither his signature nor the Plaintiff’s signature were witnessed.

65 On the following day, the Plaintiff requested that the Defendant secure a
witness. The Defendant reproduced in his AEIC his WhatsApp exchanges with the
Plaintiff on 17 July 2019 in this regard. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 266.

The Plaintiff requested that the Defendant’s brother be his witness; the
Defendant told her at around 7.00pm that his brother declined. She called the
Defendant later to say her brother would be his witness. The Defendant told
her to come to his residence at 10.15pm, which she did, accompanied by her
brother. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

Defendant’s AEIC at paras 267–270.

66 The Plaintiff had with her the Consent Letter and the last page of the
Settlement Agreement. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 271.

In accordance with the Plaintiff’s instructions, the Defendant signed the
Consent Letter. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 272.

It was dated 16 July 2019 even though it was not signed that day. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

AB at p 329.

The Plaintiff’s conduct thereafter

67 Although cl 3A(1) of the Settlement Agreement (see [18] above) purportedly
required the Defendant to pay the Plaintiff the first instalment of $100,000
on 1 August 2019, the Plaintiff did not press the Defendant for the payment.
Instead, on 7 August 2019, she messaged him via WhatsApp to inquire if
everything was still on track and if a holding company Cedric was
incorporating was “settled”. The Defendant replied in the affirmative. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

Defendant’s AEIC at paras 280–282.

The Plaintiff followed up with the Defendant on 29 August 2019 and again on 10
September 2019. The Defendant responded by sending the Plaintiff screenshots
of updates he had received from Cedric. 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

Defendant’s AEIC at paras 283–285.

The Plaintiff made no reference to the Settlement Agreement in any of those
messages. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 287.

68 Consequently, the Defendant was shocked to receive a letter of demand from
the Plaintiff’s solicitors dated 16 September 2019 (“the Letter of Demand”).
131

##### Foot Note 131

×

AB at p 333.

The Letter of Demand stated that the Defendant owed the Plaintiff $1,215,900
which he had “borrowed as part of an investment scheme”. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

AB at p 333.

The court notes that the statement does not accord with the recital in the
Settlement Agreement and the sum demanded was also incorrect (see [21] above).

69 The Letter of Demand stated that the Defendant had defaulted on two
instalment payments of $100,000 and $200,000 due on 1 August 2019 and 1
September 2019 respectively. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

AB at p 333.

Consequently, the Defendant was obliged to pay the full sum owed within the
five days of the Letter of Demand (namely by 21 September 2019). 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

AB at p 333.

70 Notwithstanding the Letter of Demand, the Plaintiff messaged (and tried to
call) the Defendant on 1 October 2019 requesting updates from Cedric. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 289.

To add to the Defendant’s confusion on her ambivalent attitude, the Plaintiff
commenced this Suit on 2 October 2019, the day after their communication on 1
October 2019.

71 Consequently, the Defendant messaged the Plaintiff on 7 October 2019 and
inter alia said: 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

Defendant’s AEIC at pp 298–299.

Sis why are you doing this to me? ... U asked me to help you sign the
agreement so that you had something to show to your investors. I also did that
to help you when you needed it. Now why are you doing this? You said to me on
the phone so many times that it is just a formality to show them and hold only
sis

72 The Plaintiff did not respond to the Defendant’s above message. Instead, on
31 October 2019, she inquired of him “Today is 31st Oct. What is the payout
status?” 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

Defendant’s AEIC at pp 299.

73 The Defendant’s AEIC disclosed that all the investments in agarwood made
with Cedric (including his, the Plaintiff’s and his younger brother’s) remain
stuck. Cedric had not paid them a single cent. He concluded his AEIC with the
following two paragraphs: 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

Defendant’s AEIC at paras 294–295.

In the light of the foregoing, it is apparent that the Plaintiff has spun a
web of lies to trap me. It is unconscionable for the Plaintiff to attempt to
renege on a bad investment by attempting to make me, a mere introducer, liable
for her and all her investors. We had both taken a risk by entering into the
Agar Wood investments and should likewise bear the rotten fruits of the same.

I humbly urge this Honourable Court to see through the Plaintiff’s atrocious
web of lies and dismiss the Plaintiff’s application with costs to be awarded
to myself.

The parties’ cases

74 Based on her version of events, the Plaintiff’s case is as follows. As the
Defendant repeatedly dishonoured multiple promises to pay her, the Plaintiff
wanted written confirmation of his intentions to pay to which the Defendant
agreed. 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

Reply at para 18.

The instalment plan and other terms in the Settlement Agreement were reached
by mutual consent. 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

Reply at para 19.

She had retained the lawyers to draft the document based on the terms agreed
to by the Defendant. 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

Reply at para 19.

The Defendant took the document from her on 16 July 2019 to read, and she had
a tough time getting the Settlement Agreement signed the next day, as the
Defendant was elusive and kept making excuses. 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

Reply at para 19.

Ultimately, the Defendant signed the Settlement Agreement voluntarily and the
Plaintiff had not used any threats on him. 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

Reply at para 19.

The Defendant did so knowing that he would be liable to pay the Plaintiff. 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

Reply at para 19.

As a consequence of his failure to pay her pursuant to the Settlement
Agreement, the Defendant owes her the sum of $1,225,900.00, along with costs
and interests. 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

Statement of Claim at paras 1–7.

75 The Defendant, meanwhile, denies any liability to the Plaintiff as claimed.
146

##### Foot Note 146

×

Defence (Amendment No. 1) at para 37.

His defence against the Plaintiff’s claim based on the Settlement Agreement is
premised on the following:

(a) He had been induced to sign the Settlement Agreement by the undue
influence of and under duress from the Plaintiff; 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

Defence (Amendment No. 1) at para 33.

(b) In any event, the settlement agreement was void, as there was no intention
by the parties to create legal relations; 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

Defence (Amendment No. 1) at para 34.

and

(c) Further, the settlement agreement was null, void and unenforceable due to
the doctrine of non est factum. 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

Defence (Amendment No. 1) at para 35.

The trial

76 Given the vivid disparities between the narratives of the Plaintiff and the
Defendant, it was vital for these narratives to be tested against each other.
The trial offered precisely this opportunity.

The witnesses

77 The Plaintiff was the only witness for her case. She did not call on Yap to
testify, even though he might have been able to shed light on the events
around the signing of the Settlement Agreement and the Consent Letter. When
queried about this, she said that Yap had assaulted her mother in September
2020 and on subsequent occasions, and that an Expedited Order had been granted
against Yap. Hence, she was not on speaking terms with him. 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

Transcript, 18 March 2021, p 188 line 29 to p 190 line 19.

78 The Defendant, meanwhile, had two other witnesses who were agarwood
investors. He tried but could not get Cedric to be his witness. The Defendant
produced in court correspondence from his solicitors to Cedric as well as his
own text messages, showing the efforts he made to persuade Cedric to attend
the trial as a witness. The Defendant had also applied for leave 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

HC/SUM 1119/2021.

to file a supplementary AEIC (“the Defendant’s Supplementary AEIC”), which was
granted by the court (with the Plaintiff’s consent) on 11 March 2021.

79 In his Supplementary AEIC, the Defendant deposed that soon after he
obtained unconditional leave from court to defend the Plaintiff’s claim, he
had contacted Cedric around April 2020 to say he may need Cedric to attend
court as his witness to which Cedric agreed. 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

Defendant’s Supplementary AEIC at para 4.

However, when he contacted Cedric around 16 October 2020 via WhatsApp to say
he needed Cedric to attend the trial as his witness, Cedric rebuffed him. 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

Defendant’s Supplementary AEIC at para 6.

In response to the letter from the Defendant’s solicitors dated 11 December
2020 requesting his attendance at trial as the Defendant’s witness, 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

AB at pp 452–453.

Cedric messaged the Defendant to say he did not wish to be disturbed or
involved. 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

AB at p 457.

The Plaintiff’s evidence at trial

80 During the Plaintiff’s cross-examination, the Plaintiff tried to downplay
her investment experience. She would not admit that she was an active investor
in the Nanning Scheme in China. She was also not forthright and prevaricated
when questioned whether the Nanning Scheme was profitable (it was) until the
court pressed her for an answer. 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

Transcript, 17 March 2021, p 18 line 4 to p 19 line 17.

She would not even admit that it was her investment, trying to distance
herself from it by claiming her long-time accountant Shanice requested her to
invest $50,000 and leave it to Shanice, who would “take care of everything”.
157

##### Foot Note 157

×

Transcript, 17 March 2021, p 22 line 12 to p 24 line 11.

Her evidence was contrary to the WhatsApp messages exhibited in the
Defendant’s AEIC that showed the Plaintiff’s heavy involvement in the Nanning
Scheme. 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

Defendant’s AEIC at pp 144

The court accepts the Defendant’s characterisation that the methodology of the
Nanning Scheme was that of a “Ponzi” or multi-level marketing scheme. 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 44.

It appears, in fact, the Plaintiff recruited the Defendant as her “downline”
in that scheme. 160

##### Foot Note 160

×

Transcript, 17 March 2021, p 29 lines 18–25.

81 The Plaintiff’s scheming in that project extended to her not wanting the
Defendant and Shanice to meet while they were in Nanning. 161

##### Foot Note 161

×

Defendant’s AEIC at p 148.

This was most likely because she did not want Shanice to get to know the
Defendant and find out she had recruited him as her “downline”.

82 It was evident from those WhatsApp messages that the Plaintiff first
communicated with the Defendant on 29 August 2016, 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

AB at p 143.

well before the period she began investing in agarwood, which she had claimed
in her AEIC was when she first met him. 163

##### Foot Note 163

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC at para 7.

She had also omitted mention in her AEIC of the fact that Cedric was in direct
communication with her by 6 February 2017. 164

##### Foot Note 164

×

Defendant’s AEIC at p 175; Transcript, 17 March 2021, p 43 lines 15–21.

She was shown to have directly transferred funds to Cedric for her first
investment, 165

##### Foot Note 165

×

Defendant’s AEIC at p 179; Transcript, 17 March 2021, p 45 line 31 to p 46
line 7.

contrary to her claim that her fund transfers were always made through and/or
by the Defendant.

83 The Plaintiff’s cross-examination 166

##### Foot Note 166

×

Transcript, 17 March 2021, p 45 lines 3–27.

also revealed that it was Cedric who provided his bank account particulars to
the Plaintiff, not the Defendant, as pleaded in her Reply. 167

##### Foot Note 167

×

Reply at para 5.

84 It was during cross-examination that the Plaintiff disclosed she first met
Cedric on or about 17 February 2017, when the Defendant introduced him at her
restaurant at Punggol Settlement. 168

##### Foot Note 168

×

Transcript, 17 March 2021, p 35 line 7 to p 36 line 4.

85 The Plaintiff did not disclose in her AEIC that while she was chasing the
Defendant, she was simultaneously chasing Cedric for payment. This could be
seen in the WhatsApp messages the Defendant exhibited in his AEIC. 169

##### Foot Note 169

×

Defendant’s AEIC at pp 304–305.

86 Counsel for the Defendant Mr Netto also showed the Plaintiff the number of
messages she deleted very frequently, from around 13 March and 26 May 2019 and
suggested it was because the Plaintiff had things to hide. 170

##### Foot Note 170

×

Transcript, 17 March 2021, p 114 line 25 to p 119 line 21.

The Plaintiff’s response was that she had deleted them at the time, to avoid
any misunderstandings. 171

##### Foot Note 171

×

Transcript, 17 March 2021, p 115 lines 2–5 and p 119 lines 26–29.

The Defendant’s evidence at trial

87 As pointed out at [77] above, the Defendant had two other witnesses apart
from himself. His witnesses were Lim Shi Fu (“Shi Fu”) and Bryan. Shi Fu used
to introduce investors to Cedric 172

##### Foot Note 172

×

Lim Shi Fu’s AEIC at para 7.

while Bryan was one of the investors in agarwood. 173

##### Foot Note 173

×

Siew Wei Quan, Bryan’s AEIC at para 1.

88 In her AEIC, the Plaintiff alluded to the Defendant’s bankruptcy, 174

##### Foot Note 174

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC at para 7.

which undoubtedly was designed to cast him in a bad light. In answer to the
court’s questions, the Defendant revealed that the Plaintiff was the indirect
cause of his bankruptcy in mid-2017. 175

##### Foot Note 175

×

Transcript, 18 March 2021, p 224 line 26 to p 226 line 6.

89 Apparently, through the Nanning Scheme that the Plaintiff promoted, the
Defendant became acquainted with two Singapore participants, Ng Cheng Kwee
David (“Ng”) and Lee Lai Leng (“Lee”). They made him a director and proposed
that the Defendant join their business. The Defendant unfortunately believed
and trusted them, to the extent that he signed as a guarantor for loans taken
out by the business from three banks, totalling over $200,000. Ng and Lee then
apparently disappeared along with the banks’ loans. The banks then looked to
the Defendant as the guarantor to repay the loans and when he could not, he
was made bankrupt.

90 It was at this juncture that he met Cedric and was drawn into investing in
agarwood, believing that the 10% commission which Cedric would pay for
introducing investors would be a way out of his bankruptcy. 176

##### Foot Note 176

×

Transcript, 18 March 2021, p 226 line 11 to p 227 line 10.

Indeed, the Defendant managed to repay the banks’ loans and annul his
bankruptcy, using his earnings from Cedric. 177

##### Foot Note 177

×

Transcript, 18 March 2021, p 227 line 25 to p 228 line 3.

The Defendant was impressed with Cedric’s lifestyle of changing motorcars
multiple times. 178

##### Foot Note 178

×

Transcript, 18 March 2021, p 232 lines 23–25.

However, he clarified he did not aspire to have the same lifestyle, but rather
wanted to have funds to launch his own start-up, hoping it would be as
successful as Elon Musk’s Tesla Motors, Mark Zuckerberg’s Facebook and
Singaporean Tan Min-Liang’s Razer. 179

##### Foot Note 179

×

Transcript, 18 March 2021, p 232 line 29 to p 233 line 13.

91 The Defendant disclosed that when the Plaintiff was hounding him
relentlessly, he was already under great stress as he was being questioned by
the police arising out of his association with Ng and Lee. 180

##### Foot Note 180

×

Transcript, 18 March 2021, p 236 line 20 to p 240 line 5.

Apparently, they were involved in a syndicate’s cheating scam involving $40m
of SkillsFuture funds. 181

##### Foot Note 181

×

Transcript, 18 March 2021, p 229 lines 21–23.

In re-examination, the Defendant’s counsel clarified it was in fact the
Defendant who lodged a police report against Ng and Lee. 182

##### Foot Note 182

×

Transcript, 18 March 2021, p 274 lines 4–5.

92 Arising out of the police investigations that followed the Defendant’s
police report, charges were brought against Ng and Lee and resulted in the
Defendant being charged as a co-conspirator. Ng and Lee were also charged with
cheating the banks over the loans they obtained. Counsel for the Defendant
informed the court that Ng and Lee would be pleading guilty to the cheating
charges regarding the SkillsFuture funds but the Defendant had claimed trial
to the charge of being a co-conspirator.

93 What emerged from the Defendant’s additional evidence obtained in cross-
examination was confirmation of the court’s disbelief that the Plaintiff’s
investors were only members of her immediate family as she insisted. The
Defendant testified that the Plaintiff’s pool of outside investors exceeded
ten in number. When the investors like the Plaintiff because “stuck” at
end-2018, the Plaintiff pooled all their names under her own name. Hence, when
she pressurised the Defendant for payment, it was on behalf of the Plaintiff’s
investors as well as herself. 183

##### Foot Note 183

×

Transcript, 18 March 2021, p 253 lines 1–13.

94 Nothing turns on the testimony of either Shi Fu or Bryan. Shi Fu was an
“introducer” of investors to Cedric and deposed in his AEIC that his 30-odd
investors are owed about $3.6m by Cedric. 184

##### Foot Note 184

×

Lim Shi Fu’s AEIC at para 8.

Although all remain unpaid to-date, none of them have sued Shi Fu, as they
well knew that their investments were made with Cedric using the Trello
platform. 185

##### Foot Note 185

×

Lim Shi Fu’s AEIC at para 10.

95 Shi Fu also deposed that he met the Plaintiff at the first meeting where
Cedric, the Defendant and three other investors were present. 186

##### Foot Note 186

×

Lim Shi Fu’s AEIC at paras 13–14.

He recalled the Plaintiff reading Cedric’s fortunes then. 187

##### Foot Note 187

×

Lim Shi Fu’s AEIC at paras 15–16.

The second occasion he met the Plaintiff was at Cedric’s office in the
presence of the Defendant after problems with the agarwood investment arose.
188

##### Foot Note 188

×

Lim Shi Fu’s AEIC at paras 17.

He disclosed his investors did not lodge police reports against Cedric,
although the Defendant’s investors did. 189

##### Foot Note 189

×

Transcript, 18 March 2021, p 294 lines 19–28.

96 Shi Fu testified that the Defendant had mentioned to him that his (the
Defendant’s) investor was trying to get him to sign a settlement agreement and
to use it to appease her investors. Shi Fun said he strongly discouraged the
Defendant from doing so. Subsequently, after the Defendant had signed the
document, the Defendant told Shi Fun that he was quite stressed and was
pressured into signing the document. 190

##### Foot Note 190

×

Transcript, 18 March 2021, p 292 lines 17–25.

97 The Defendant’s other witness Bryan was an investor introduced to Cedric by
the Defendant. 191

##### Foot Note 191

×

Siew Wei Quan, Bryan’s AEIC at para 1.

Unlike the Plaintiff, he attributed no blame to the Defendant for his failed
investment, 192

##### Foot Note 192

×

Siew Wei Quan, Bryan’s AEIC at paras 19–22.

which amounted to about $300,000. 193

##### Foot Note 193

×

Transcript, 18 March 2021, p 300 lines 21–24.

Bryan was also present at the first meeting where the Plaintiff and Cedric
were present and she read Cedric’s fortunes. 194

##### Foot Note 194

×

Siew Wei Quan, Bryan’s AEIC at paras 11–12.

98 Bryan deposed that he was a member of the 2019 Chat Group 195

##### Foot Note 195

×

Siew Wei Quan, Bryan’s AEIC at paras 13–14.

(see [54] above). He confirmed the Defendant’s account of the incident where a
member of the 2019 Chat Group, Jason, took away the Defendant’s handphone.
Contrary to the Plaintiff’s claim that she was not involved, Bryan testified
that all of the 2019 Chat Group members present that day – ie Jason, Bryan and
the Plaintiff – had provided input to the Defendant when they insisted that he
call Cedric (who was then in Taiwan) and make threats. 196

##### Foot Note 196

×

Siew Wei Quan, Bryan’s AEIC at paras 16–17; Transcript, 18 March 2021, p 299
lines 5–28.

The aim was for the group to recover their investments from Cedric; they did
not succeed.

The issues

99 The main issue the court has to determine is whether the Settlement
Agreement is valid and enforceable (as the Plaintiff contends) or a sham
document not meant to create any legal intentions (as the Defendant asserts).
A secondary and related issue is whether the Plaintiff invested with Cedric as
the Defendant and his two witnesses claim, or with the Defendant as the
Plaintiff asserts.

The Plaintiff’s submissions

100 Before the court makes its finding, it would be appropriate to look at the
closing submissions filed by the parties.

101 The Plaintiff’s submissions contained a misreading of the evidence before
the court. Her statement 197

##### Foot Note 197

×

Plaintiff’s closing submissions at para 5.

that the Defendant is facing criminal charges on the SkillsFuture scam does
not set out the full picture, which this court did at [91]–[92] above.

102 The Plaintiff ignored the history of how she and the Defendant became
acquainted. Her submissions were focused entirely on the Settlement Agreement,
the terms of which she argued were not unfair as the Defendant had signed the
document voluntarily. The Plaintiff submitted that the Defendant’s silence
amounted to acquiescence to the contents of the Settlement Agreement and his
protests only surfaced after he filed his defence. 198

##### Foot Note 198

×

Plaintiff’s closing submissions at para 16.

103 The Plaintiff added that a tenet of common law dictates that courts should
exercise deliberate caution in the interests of upholding the autonomy of
contracting parties and their freedom to contract. The sanctity of a signed
agreement between two willing parties should not be set aside on trivial
grounds. 199

##### Foot Note 199

×

Plaintiff’s closing submissions at para 17.

104 In respect of procedural unfairness, the Plaintiff argued that it had not
surfaced in evidence whatsoever that the Plaintiff had conducted herself in
such a reprehensible manner towards the Defendant such as to render the
Settlement Agreement void. The Defendant’s will had not been overborne. 200

##### Foot Note 200

×

Plaintiff’s closing submissions at paras 19 and 21.

105 In the Plaintiff’s submissions, the only reference to her failure to call
her brother to testify was in passing. She described his absence as
“unfortunate” but excused herself submitting it was “valid given the
extenuating circumstances in her household”. On the other hand, she criticised
the Defendant’s failure to get Cedric to be his witness. She added that the
Defendant’s calling Shi Fu and Bryan as witnesses served only to emphasis the
Defendant’s curious omission to bring Cedric as a party to these proceedings.
201

##### Foot Note 201

×

Plaintiff’s closing submissions at para 37.

The Defendant’s submissions

106 The Defendant’s submissions not surprisingly accused the Plaintiff of
making him a scapegoat for her losses in the agarwood investment, although she
knew the mastermind was Cedric, who has disappeared. 202

##### Foot Note 202

×

Defendant’s closing submissions at para 3.

107 The Defendant submitted that the Plaintiff’s claims are incongruent with
contemporaneous documents and her evidence adduced at trial was inherently
incredible and fraught with contradictions. The Defendant on the other hand
had discharged his burden and proved that the Plaintiff obtained Settlement
Agreement unconscionably by way of duress and/or undue influence. 203

##### Foot Note 203

×

Plaintiff’s closing submissions at para 5.

108 In support of his submission that the Plaintiff was an unreliable and
untruthful witness, the Defendant referred to extracts from the court
transcripts. The Defendant cited many instances where the Plaintiff lied. 204

##### Foot Note 204

×

Plaintiff’s closing submissions at paras 14–27.

The court will only highlight those aspects of her evidence relating to the
Settlement Agreement which were highly unsatisfactory and cast doubts on her
veracity:

(a) There were inconsistencies in the Plaintiff’s account of events between 14
and 17 July 2019 – she gave four different versions of whether there were
witnesses present and how the signing of the Settlement Agreement transpired;
205

##### Foot Note 205

×

Plaintiff’s closing submissions at para 86.

(b) Her insistence that she and the Defendant had agreed to all the terms of
the Settlement Agreement and that she had provided him with a copy two days
before the signing was contradicted by her own evidence;

(c) She expected the court to believe that the lawyers would amend the draft
Settlement Agreement of their own volition on 5 July 2019 and not on her
instructions; 206

##### Foot Note 206

×

Defendant’s closing submissions at para 25(k).

and

(d) Notwithstanding the fact that she had the draft Settlement Agreement for
12 days (5–16 July 2019) she did not provide the Defendant with a copy before
she made him sign the document.

109 Further, there were inconsistencies between the Plaintiff’s Reply, her
reply affidavit for her unsuccessful application for summary judgment, and her
oral testimony: 207

##### Foot Note 207

×

Defendant’s closing submissions at para 87.

(a) In the Reply, the Plaintiff alleged that the Defendant refused to attend
at the lawyers’ office so the Plaintiff took the Settlement Agreement to him
for signature on 16 June 2019. She told him they would sign it the following
day after he had read the document and the Defendant took the copy back with
him. She averred that she had a tough time getting the document signed the
next day as the Defendant was elusive and made repeated excuses of not having
a witness, resulting in the Plaintiff having to use her relative to witness
his signature; 208

##### Foot Note 208

×

Reply at para 19.

(b) In her summary judgment reply affidavit, the Plaintiff averred that the
Defendant signed the Settlement Agreement at the void deck of the block where
he resides, in the presence of his witness and herself, and that he was
untruthful in stating there was no witness. She added that he had the document
with him for two days before he signed it in the presence of the witness; 209

##### Foot Note 209

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit dated 23 January 2020 at para 21.

(c) In court, she admitted (after prevaricating) that only she and the
Defendant were present when he signed the Settlement Agreement on 16 July
2019. 210

##### Foot Note 210

×

Transcript, 17 March 2021, p 158 line 26 to p 162 line 25.

110 The Defendant pointed out that whenever the Plaintiff was confronted with
her lies, her convenient excuses were (i) her version of events took place
over the telephone (and were thus unrecorded); 211

##### Foot Note 211

×

See transcript, 17 March 2021, pp 46, 47, 69, 96, 101, 102, 106, 116–118, 134,
141–142 as non-exhaustive examples.

(ii) she did not understand the questions asked by counsel for the Defendant;
212

##### Foot Note 212

×

See transcript, 17 March 2021, pp 144, 155, 164 and 168.

or (iii) her English is poor. 213

##### Foot Note 213

×

See transcript, 17 March 2021, pp 16, 17, 77 and 100.

111 The Defendant highlighted that the Plaintiff lied to the extent that she
claimed that whenever she referred to “my investors” in her WhatsApp messages,
she was referring to herself and or her family members like her brother and
mother, giving numerous illogical explanations in the process. 214

##### Foot Note 214

×

Transcript, 17 March 2021, p 61 lines 20–32, p 75 lines 1–11, p 79 lines 1–19,
p 93 lines 9–21, p 94 line 16 to p 95 line 12, p 104 line 29 to p 105 line 25
and p 109 lines 14–32.

112 On the other hand, the Defendant submitted, his version of events was
consistent with contemporaneous documents and withstood the rigours of cross-
examination. He submitted that he had successfully proved on a balance of
probabilities that: 215

##### Foot Note 215

×

Defendant’s closing submissions at para 8.

(a) the Plaintiff had invested in agarwood on behalf of other investors;

(b) the Plaintiff was heavily in debt and struggled to hold off her investors:

(c) the Plaintiff knew Cedric was liable to return the agarwood investment and
not the Defendant who only acted as a middleman or commission earner;

(d) the Plaintiff exerted illegitimate pressure and/or undue influence on the
Defendant over a long period of time;

(e) the Settlement Agreement was a sham agreement that was meant to deceive
and/or buy more time from the Plaintiff’s investors;

(f) the Defendant signed the Settlement Agreement under duress or undue
influence on 16 July 2019.

113 The Defendant added that the complete absence of any reference by the
Plaintiff in her WhatsApp messages to the Settlement Agreement subsequent to
its signing, coupled with her failure to demand payment from him in accordance
with its terms as well as her failure to respond to the Defendant’s 7 October
2019 message (see [71] above), lent credence to his claim that the Settlement
Agreement was simply meant to be a sham document to appease the Plaintiff’s
investors. 216

##### Foot Note 216

×

Defendant’s closing submissions at para 138.

Such omissions were to be contrasted with the Plaintiff’s repeated references
to Cedric in those messages starting from 7 August 2019 when she inquired
about Cedric’s holding company (see [67] above).

114 In regard to his defence that the Settlement Agreement was a sham
document, the Defendant cited in support, the Court of Appeal decision in Toh
Eng Tiah v Jiang Angelina and another appeal [2021] 1 SLR 1176 (“Toh Eng
Tiah”) which the court will return to later (see [131] below).

115 The Defendant requested that the court draw an adverse inference against
the Plaintiff under s 116, illustration (g) of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997
Rev Ed) (“the EA”) for her failure to call her brother to testify. 217

##### Foot Note 217

×

Defendant’s closing submissions at paras 31–32.

The court’s findings

116 The court did not form a favourable impression of the Plaintiff at all
when she was in the witness stand. She changed her testimony faster than a
chameleon changes its colour, whenever she was caught lying or found to have
given inconsistent testimony.

117 The Plaintiff would not even concede to facts that were undisputed (such
as that she was a member of the Trello platform) without being pressed by the
court. 218

##### Foot Note 218

×

Transcript, 17 March 2021, p 61 lines 20–32.

Even then, she attempted to make herself look more passive than she actually
was. While she would not admit that she used the platform to decide whether to
invest or not, she agreed that she used it to track her investments in
agarwood. She alleged that it was the Defendant who would call her if there
were investment opportunities. 219

##### Foot Note 219

×

Transcript, 17 March 2021, p 65 lines 1–16.

This, however, was contradicted by her own police report made on 3 February
2019 against a Mokuzai Pte Ltd and the Defendant, where she displayed clear
knowledge of the workings of the Trello platform and indicated that the
Defendant was merely recording her investments. 220

##### Foot Note 220

×

AB at p 300.

118 Despite all the overwhelming evidence before the court pointing to her
attempts to recover her invested sums from Cedric, the Plaintiff had no
compunctions in lying throughout her oral testimony as well as in her AEIC,
repeatedly asserting that her money was invested with the Defendant and he was
liable for her losses. As examples, the Plaintiff’s WhatsApp messages dated 31
May 2019, 2 June 2019, 20 June 2019 and 27 June 2019 clearly stated she wanted
Cedric to return all her money. 221

##### Foot Note 221

×

See Defendant’s AEIC at pp 292–293.

119 Further, the Plaintiff could not point to a single message in the
voluminous WhatsApp messages the Defendant placed before the court that
supported her case that the terms in the Settlement Agreement were negotiated
with or consented to by the Defendant (see [74] above).

120 The Plaintiff’s lack of candour extended to her AEIC – she did not state
that it was her brother rather than “a relative” who signed the Settlement
Agreement purportedly as the witness to the Defendant’s signature (which was
not true in any event). She could not give any answer let alone a satisfactory
one when the court questioned whether her omission was because she intended to
mislead the court. 222

##### Foot Note 222

×

Transcript, 17 March 2021, p 158 lines 1–24.

121 Based on the evidence adduced, the court has no doubt the Plaintiff lied
in court, in her AEIC and in her previous affidavit filed for the purpose of
her unsuccessful summary judgment application against the Defendant.

122 Despite her denials, the court finds that the Plaintiff did pressure the
Defendant into signing the Settlement Agreement by chasing him relentlessly
coupled with threats of going to the police and/or procuring gangsters or debt
collectors to pursue him. He did not, as she claimed, sign the document
willingly. If indeed the Defendant did sign the Settlement Agreement willingly
along with the Consent Letter, it was because she lied to him, that she would
not enforce the terms therein and she only wanted it to show to her investors
to appease them.

123 In re-examination, the Plaintiff had sought to suggest that it was the
Defendant who came up with the idea of an agreement. 223

##### Foot Note 223

×

Transcript, 17 March 2019, p 210 line 16 to p 211 line 2.

The evidence adduced in particular from the WhatsApp exchanges between the
parties on 15–17 July 2019 224

##### Foot Note 224

×

Defendant’s AEIC at pp 294–295.

completely refutes this incredible suggestion – the Defendant was trying to
avoid her at all costs. Equally incredible was the Plaintiff’s testimony that
the Defendant agreed with her on 17 July 2019 by telephone to sign the Consent
Letter. 225

##### Foot Note 225

×

Transcript, 17 March 2019, p 212 lines 18–26.

124 It is telling that the Plaintiff did not refer to the Settlement Agreement
at all in her communications with the Defendant after it was signed. Even more
telling was the fact that the Plaintiff failed to have her brother Yap, who
was the supposed witness to the Defendant’s signature, testify to corroborate
her evidence. The court rejects the Plaintiff’s explanation for not calling
Yap, namely that Yap was unwilling to speak to her after he had assaulted her
mother and had an Expedited Order granted against him. The court’s attention
was not drawn to any documentary evidence which supported the Plaintiff’s
claims, such as a police report or the Expedited Order itself. Indeed, even
though the initial assault had purportedly taken place in September 2020, the
Plaintiff’s lawyers indicated to the Defendant’s counsel on 20 November 2020
that Yap would be appearing as the Plaintiff’s witness. 226

##### Foot Note 226

×

Transcript, 18 March 2019, p 188 lines 16–26.

When cross-examined as to why she did not subpoena Yap, she quickly cycled
through a number of excuses: that she did not know about subpoenas 227

##### Foot Note 227

×

Transcript, 18 March 2019, p 190 lines 7–8.

(notwithstanding that she was legally advised); that she did not dare consult
her lawyers; 228

##### Foot Note 228

×

Transcript, 18 March 2019, p 190 lines 13–14.

and that this present matter only came to light after her mother had been hurt
229

##### Foot Note 229

×

Transcript, 18 March 2019, p 190 lines 14–19.

(notwithstanding that she initiated this Suit in 2019, and that her mother was
only allegedly hurt thereafter). The court considers this to be yet another
example of the Plaintiff’s evasiveness and duplicity, and finds the more
likely explanation for the Plaintiff’s failure to call her brother to be that
she knew that his version of events would not sit well with hers. In other
words, the court accepts the Defendant’s submission that an adverse inference
should be drawn against the Plaintiff for not calling her brother to testify,
pursuant to s 116, illustration (g) of the EA.

125 The Plaintiff’s failure to call her brother to testify is to be contrasted
with the efforts made by the Defendant and his counsel to persuade Cedric to
be his witness as set out earlier at [78]–[79].

126 The court earlier noted (at [71] above) that the Plaintiff did not respond
to the Defendant’s 7 October 2019 WhatsApp message asking why she had sued him
on the Settlement Agreement reneging on her word she would not. In re-
examination, her incoherent and incredible explanation was that she did not
know how to respond to him and was afraid if her response was wrong, he would
not pay back her money. 230

##### Foot Note 230

×

Transcript, 18 March 2021, p 218 lines 13–28.

127 In regard to the quantum of her claim, the Plaintiff had conceded during
cross-examination that she had not taken into account and deducted therefrom,
the $15,000 that she received from Cedric through the Defendant (see [53]
above) 231

##### Foot Note 231

×

Transcript, 18 March 2017, p 197 lines 13–28.

. Even when (according to her) her investors were hounding her, the Plaintiff
was still motivated by greed, as can be seen from recital C of the Settlement
Agreement set out at [21]. Despite her WhatsApp messages to the Defendant
requesting him to buy her out or find an investor to buy her out for $300,000,
the Plaintiff wanted to recoup from the Defendant her entire investment plus
profits of 30% in her claim for $1,225,900 encapsulated in recital C. The
court further notes that in the Plaintiff’s police report (see [117] above),
she had estimated that between April and November 2018, she had received
$100,000–150,000 from her agarwood investment. 232

##### Foot Note 232

×

AB at p 302.

No credit was given to those payments either in the Settlement Agreement.

128 The court further entertains no doubts that the WhatsApp messages that the
Plaintiff deleted (see [86] above) more likely than not were adverse to her
case – either because they showed she looked to Cedric as the person liable
for her investments, or they related to assurances she gave to the Defendant
on using the Settlement Agreement to appease her investors and that she would
not enforce it against the Defendant.

129 Turning next to the Defendant’s testimony, it is to be noted that unlike
the Plaintiff, the Defendant did not prevaricate or was evasive during cross-
examination. He answered questions readily and candidly even when it did not
help his case. Indeed, when the court questioned why he signed the Settlement
Agreement, albeit after considerable pressure from the Plaintiff, the
Defendant explained it was because the Plaintiff told him many times it was to
show to her investors to appease them and he was still trying to help her as a
friend. 233

##### Foot Note 233

×

Transcript, 18 March 2021, p 282 line 27 to p 283 line 5.

Foolishly he trusted her, to his detriment.

130 The court concludes that the Plaintiff deceived the Defendant into signing
the Settlement Agreement by falsely assuring him that she would not enforce
the terms therein as the document was only meant to be shown to her investors
to appease them. That was why the Defendant did not protest until the
Plaintiff sued him.

131 Turning now to the issue as to whether the Settlement Agreement was a sham
document, it would be instructive at this juncture, to look at Toh Eng Tiah,
which was cited by the Defendant. In that case, the Court of Appeal (at [73])
adopted Diplock LJ’s classic definition of a sham in Snook v London and West
Riding Investments Ltd [1967] 2 QB 786 at 802C–802E:

… I apprehend that, if [the term ‘sham’] has any meaning in law, it means acts
done or documents executed by the parties to the ‘sham’ which are intended by
them to give to third parties or to the court the appearance of creating
between the parties legal rights and obligations different from the actual
legal rights and obligations (if any) which the parties intend to create. But
one thing, I think is clear in legal principle, morality and the authorities
…, that for acts or documents to be a ‘sham,’ with whatever legal consequences
follow from this, all the parties thereto must have a common intention that
the acts or documents are not to create the legal rights and obligations which
they give the appearance of creating. …

132 The appellate court went on to say at [74]–[77]:

74 Put another way, the essential element of a sham is that the parties did
not intend to create the legal relations that the acts done or documents
executed give the impression of creating. …

77 That being the case, where the allegation is that the agreement was a sham,
this is a question that goes to the very existence of the contract – if
proved, the existence of a sham means that the agreement was not intended to
create enforceable legal obligations but was intended to deceive third
parties. …

[emphasis in original]

133 The court accepts the Defendant’s evidence that the Plaintiff told him
(and which he unfortunately believed) that the Settlement Agreement was only
meant to be shown to the Plaintiff’s investors to appease and thereby deceive
them into thinking that the Defendant would be paying them back, to take
pressure off the Plaintiff until (as she hoped) her investors received their
payments from Cedric. The Plaintiff reneged on that understanding by suing the
Defendant. The document was never meant to create enforceable legal
obligations.

134 Consequently, the court dismisses the Plaintiff’s claim with costs to the
Defendant.

Costs

135 The court was informed by counsel for the Plaintiff that the Defendant had
made an Offer to Settle (“OTS”) on 22 December 2020 on the following terms:

(a) The Defendant would pay the Plaintiff $50,000 in full and final settlement
of all matters in this Suit;

(b) if the Plaintiff accepted the OTS within 14 days of its service, each
party would bear its own legal costs.

136 On 30 December 2020, the Plaintiff’s solicitors indicated to the
Defendant’s solicitors that she would not accept the OTS.

137 Order 22A r 9(3)(b) of the Rules of Court (2014 Rev Ed) states:

(3) Where an offer to settle made by a defendant —

…

(b) is not accepted by the plaintiff, and the plaintiff obtains judgment not
more favourable than the terms of the offer to settle,

the plaintiff is entitled to costs on the standard basis to the date the offer
was served and the defendant is entitled to costs on the indemnity basis from
that date, unless the Court orders otherwise.

138 Here, the court dismissed the Plaintiff’s claim. That being the case, the
Defendant is entitled to costs on a standard basis up to the date the OTS was
served namely 22 December 2020 and from 23 December 2020 onwards, he is
entitled to his costs on an indemnity basis. Such costs are to be taxed unless
otherwise agreed.

Lai Siu Chiu  
Senior Judge

Prabhakaran s/o Narayanan Nair and Anne Wong (Karan Nair and Co) for the
plaintiff;  
Luke Anton Netto and Chiam Jia-An (Netto & Magin LLC) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 02 Nov 2021 (11:24 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

