Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC 152

Registrar’s Appeal from State Courts No 12 of 2021

Between

| Sompo Insurance Singapore Pte Ltd (formerly known as Tenet Sompo Insurance
Pte Ltd)  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

| Royal & Sun Alliance Insurance plc  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

judgment

[Credit And Security] — [Performance bond]

[Insurance] — [Marine insurance]

[Insurance] — [General principles] — [Subrogation]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Sompo Insurance Singapore Pte Ltd

  
v

  

Royal & Sun Alliance Insurance plc

[2021] SGHC 152

General Division of the High Court — Registrar’s Appeal from State Courts No
12 of 2021  
Philip Jeyaretnam JC  
7 June 2021

24 June 2021 Judgment reserved.

Philip Jeyaretnam JC:

Introduction

1 Does an insurer’s right of subrogation to the rights and remedies of the
insured in respect of the subject matter of the loss extend to the right to
call upon a performance bond provided to the insured by a third party in
connection with the insured’s original contract with the party responsible for
the insured loss?

2 In this case, the insurance contract is governed by English law, 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Page 84 of 1st Affidavit of Michelle Karen Robinson filed on 16 March 2021
(“MKR’s Affidavit”): RBOD pp 90.

and so the relevant statutory provision is s 79(2) of the Marine Insurance Act
1906 (c 41) (UK), which is in pari materia with s 79(2) of the Marine
Insurance Act (Cap 387, 1994 Rev Ed). Both the performance bond and the
original contract (here one of carriage) are governed by Singapore law. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Page 26 of MKR’s Affidavit at cl 22: RBOD p 32; p 137 of MKR’s Affidavit at cl
7: RBOD p 143.

No evidence was given of English law, and counsel confirmed before me that I
should proceed on the basis that there is no difference between English and
Singapore law in relation to the interpretation of the respective Marine
Insurance Acts, and in relation to the law of subrogation generally.

Facts

The parties

3 The plaintiff (and respondent in this appeal) is Royal & Sun Alliance
Insurance plc (“RSA”). The defendant (and appellant in this appeal) is Sompo
Insurance Singapore Pte Ltd (“Sompo”).

Background to the dispute

4 On or about 19 December 2013, the Government of Singapore (the
“Government”), through the Defence Science and Technology Agency (“DSTA”),
entered into a Period Contract for Shipment of Cargo No. A31236 (“Carriage
Contract”) with Geometra Worldwide Movers Pte Ltd (“Geometra”). 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Respondent’s written submissions dated 3 June 2021 (“RWS”) at para 9; p 16 of
MKR’s Affidavit: RBOD p 22.

Under the Carriage Contract, Geometra agreed to transport, by seafreight,
certain military cargo in containers (the “Cargo”). 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

RWS at para 9.

5 RSA, together with other co-insurers, are the underwriters of the Government
in respect of the Cargo. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

RWS at para 10; see pp 89–92 of MKR’s Affidavit: RBOD pp 95–98.

The insurance contract is one of marine insurance, and an indemnity insurance.
6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Pages 67–95 of MKR’s Affidavit: RBOD pp 73–101.

6 Clause 30.1 of the Carriage Contract provided that Geometra: 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Page 27 of MKR’s Affidavit: RBOD p 33.

… lodge with the [Government] a Security Deposit for the sum of five percent
(5%) of the estimated Contract Price in the form of an irrevocable and
unconditional Performance Bond strictly in compliance with the format enclosed
in Annex E issued by a bank or insurance company registered with the Monetary
Authority of Singapore …

[emphasis in original]

7 Clause 30.2 of the Carriage Contract further provided that: 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Page 27 of MKR’s Affidavit: RBOD p 33.

[i]n the event of any default or breach of any of the obligations by
[Geometra] under the Contract, the [Government] may at its sole discretion
draw on the Security Deposit or the Performance Bond to satisfy any liquidated
or other damages as may become due to the [Government] under the Contract.

8 Pursuant to cl 30.1 of the Carriage Contract, Sompo issued a Performance
Bond in favour of the Government on 17 January 2014 (“Performance Bond”). 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Pages 136–137 of MKR’s Affidavit: RBOD pp 142–143.

The Performance Bond was valid from 19 December 2013 to 18 March 2017. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Page 136 of MKR’s Affidavit at cl 3: RBOD p 142.

Under the Performance Bond, Sompo undertook irrevocably and unconditionally to
pay the Government an amount not exceeding a maximum of S$352,700 on receipt
of the Government’s first demand in writing. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Page 136 of MKR’s Affidavit at cl 1: RBOD p 142.

9 On or about 12 February 2015, the Cargo was loaded on board a vessel in good
order and condition at Singapore. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Paragraph 10 of MKR’s Affidavit: RBOD p 11.

Unfortunately, on or about 17 March 2015, one of the containers fell into the
sea during discharge. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Paragraph 11 of MKR’s Affidavit: RBOD p 11; p 142 of MKR’s Affidavit: RBOD p
148.

As a result, some of the equipment within the container was damaged. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Paragraph 11 of MKR’s Affidavit: RBOD p 11.

The Government took the position that cl 12.2 of Annex 1 of the Carriage
Contract was breached, and by virtue of cl 17 of Annex 1 of the Carriage
Contract, Geometra was liable for all loss and damage to the Cargo while in
their custody. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Page 254 of MKR’s Affidavit: RBOD p 260; p 37 of MKR’s Affidavit: RBOD p 43; p
38 of MKR’s Affidavit: RBOD p 44.

Such loss was subsequently quantified to be $200,945.56. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Page 144 of MKR’s Affidavit: RBOD p 150.

10 On or about 24 March 2016, RSA indemnified the Government for the full
quantified loss, namely $200,945.56. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

See the Acknowledgement & Agreement of Acceptance signed by the Singapore
Government dated 24 March 2016 at p 163 of MKR’s Affidavit: RBOD p 169.

11 On 17 March 2017, RSA’s solicitors, Clyde & Co LLP (“C&C”), wrote to Sompo
on behalf of RSA and the Government to call on the Performance Bond in the sum
of $200,945.56 (“C&C Letter”). In C&C’s Letter, C&C said that they were “the
English solicitors acting on behalf of owners of, and those entitled to sue in
respect of, the above-referenced Cargo, including subrogated underwriters and
the Ministry of Defence of Singapore, being part of the Government of the
Republic of Singapore”, and that they were making the demand “on behalf of the
Government of the Republic of Singapore”. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Pages 254 and 255 of MKR’s Affidavit: RBOD p 260.

12 On 28 March 2017, Sompo denied RSA’s claim, for two reasons: 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Page 262 of MKR’s Affidavit: RBOD p 268.

(a) RSA, as the subrogated cargo insurer, had “no right to call on the
[Performance Bond]” as Sompo had issued the Performance Bond to the Singapore
Government, and accordingly, the Singapore Government was “the only party
entitled to demand payment on the bond”; and

(b) The Performance Bond had expired as it “was not called upon by the
Singapore Government within the validity period”.

13 Subsequently, and prior to the commencement of these proceedings, the
Government and RSA entered into a Deed of Assignment on 31 August 2020 (“Deed
of Assignment”). 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Pages 278–280 of MKR’s Affidavit: RBOD pp 284–286,

The Singapore Government assigned all of its rights of action, claims and/or
benefits of all causes of action and rights to sue, in respect of the loss
and/or damage to the Cargo arising out of and/or in connection with, inter
alia, the Performance Bond to RSA. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Page 279 of MKR’s Affidavit at cl 1: RBOD p 285.

It is because of the Deed of Assignment that RSA sues in its own name.

Procedural history

14 RSA filed its claim by originating summons in the District Court. It
obtained judgment on 4 May 2021. Sompo appealed against the whole of the
decision.

The parties’ cases

15 RSA says that as the underwriter of the Government it was entitled to
exercise its right of subrogation by calling upon the Performance Bond. It
relies on s 79(2) of the Marine Insurance Act 1906 (c 41) (UK), which provides
as follows:

79 Right of subrogation.

…

(2) Subject to the foregoing provisions, where the insurer pays for a partial
loss, he acquires no title to the subject-matter insured, or such part of it
as may remain, but he is thereupon subrogated to all rights and remedies of
the assured in and in respect of the subject-matter insured as from the time
of the casualty causing the loss, in so far as the assured has been
indemnified, according to this Act, by such payment for the loss.

16 RSA contends that upon indemnifying the Government on 24 March 2016, it
succeeded to the Government’s rights on the Performance Bond, because the
Performance Bond was given in relation to the insured loss and represented one
of the ways in which the Singapore Government could reimburse itself for that
loss. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

RWS at paras 28–30.

17 Sompo contends that RSA was not entitled to call on the Performance Bond
because only the Government was entitled to do so under its terms. Therefore,
the C&C Letter, being from C&C and not the Government, failed to comply with
the terms of the Performance Bond. Sompo also argues that subrogation only
extends to rights against the person responsible for the loss. In this case,
the person responsible for the loss was Geometra and not Sompo. Accordingly,
the C&C Letter was not a valid demand on the Performance Bond, and as no valid
demand was made before expiry on 18 March 2017, Sompo has no liability under
it. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Appellant’s written submissions dated 7 June 2021 (“AWS”) at paras 16–23 and
30.

18 Sompo also raised two other defences before the district judge below. One
concerned the Deed of Assignment, which Sompo pointed out did not
retrospectively ratify the call on the Performance Bond as an act of the
Government. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Paragraph 17 of 1st affidavit of Ivan Lim Chiang Leng filed 9 April 2021
(“IL’s Affidavit”): RBOD p 294.

However, it has not been RSA’s case that the Deed of Assignment operated by
way of retrospective ratification. Rather, they contend that the call was made
pursuant to their right of subrogation. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

RWS at paras 47–48.

The second defence raised below was that the call was fraudulent and
unconscionable. The first was raised in written submissions on appeal 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

AWS at paras 32–35.

but it was accepted in the hearing before me that it was not relevant given
RSA’s non-reliance on the Deed of Assignment. The second was not raised at all
on appeal. As these defences are no longer pursued, I will not deal with them.

Decision below

19 The learned district judge agreed with RSA and gave judgment in its favour.
First, he accepted that the C&C Letter was in form expressly given “on behalf
of the Government of Singapore”. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Notes of Evidence dated 4 May 2021 for DC/OSS 47/2021 (“DC NEs”) at p 14 D–E.

Secondly, he held that the right of subrogation is not limited to rights and
remedies “against the person responsible for the loss”. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

DC NEs at p 15C–E.

He also accepted that the assignment was for the purpose of bringing legal
proceedings in RSA’s name. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

DC NEs at p 16A–D.

He dismissed the defence of fraud and unconscionability because it did not go
beyond bare assertion. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

DC NEs at p 16E.

Issues to be determined

20 This appeal raises two issues:

(a) Did the C&C Letter strictly comply with the terms of the Performance Bond?

(b) Does the right of subrogation extend beyond rights of the insured against
the person responsible for the loss, to other means by which the insured may
recoup or reimburse his loss, such as by calling on a performance bond?

Issue 1: Strict compliance

21 A demand on a bond must strictly comply with the terms of the bond: see,
for example, the Court of Appeal decision in Master Marine AS v Labroy
Offshore Ltd and others [2012] 3 SLR 125 at [31] and [32]. The doctrine of
strict compliance ensures certainty, making it simple for the issuer to decide
whether to honour the call. The issuer is not expected or entitled to exercise
any discretion, but must reject the call if it does not strictly comply with
the terms of the bond. One must construe the bond to determine what, if any,
the formal requirements for the call are. The corollary of strict compliance
is that formal requirements must be clearly stated on the face of and within
the four corners of the bond so that those dealing with any call know exactly
what must be complied with.

22 In written submissions before me, Sompo contended that cl 1 of the
Performance Bond, which obliged payment to be made “upon receipt of the
Government’s first demand in writing”, established a formal requirement that
the demand had to be issued by the Government. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

AWS at para 16.

During oral argument, Sompo’s counsel clarified that he was not suggesting
that a duly authorised agent could not make the call on behalf of the
Government. This clarification was of course correctly made, because a
government, like a corporation, must act through a natural person. Thus, even
if a letter is issued on a government ministry’s letterhead, someone would
sign it as the government’s agent. Sompo’s counsel confirmed that solicitors,
if duly authorised by the Government, could make the call. I should add for
completeness that the terms of a performance bond may, and sometimes do,
stipulate who may make the call on behalf of a corporation or other entity,
such as a requirement for the signature of two directors in the case of a
corporation or the signature of a designated level of departmental officer in
the case of a government. The Performance Bond makes no such stipulation.

23 After that clarification, Sompo’s argument on this point appears to be put
as follows. Sompo’s counsel contends that insufficient evidence of authority,
whether directly from the Government or via subrogation, had been provided at
the time of the call. He argues that if the beneficiary’s agent makes the
call, it must show proof of its authority. In this case, C&C did not provide
Sompo with any evidence of its authority to make the call on the Government’s
behalf. It did not provide any warrant or other authority from the Government.
On the other hand, if C&C relied on RSA’s having been subrogated to the
Government’s rights, it did not provide documents showing how it was entitled
to exercise subrogated rights, such as evidence of the insurance contract or
its payment thereunder. Indeed, C&C did not provide any evidence of authority
given to it by RSA.

24 This contention is not supported by the wording of the Performance Bond.
The Performance Bond does not say that the demand must be accompanied by proof
of authority of the person making the demand on the Government’s behalf. The
only requirement is that the demand be in writing and “the Government’s”. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Page 136 of MKR’s Affidavit at cll 1 and 4: RBOD p 142.

The Government’s demand, as already explained, would inevitably have to be
signed by someone authorised by the Government, and if parties intended that
that person’s authority had to be evidenced in some way then that stipulation
would have been included as a term of the Performance Bond. The terms of the
Performance Bond simply do not require accompanying evidence of authority.

25 C&C’s Letter is explicit concerning its authority to make the call on
behalf of the Government. It opens with the assertion of “acting on behalf of
owners of, and those entitled to sue in respect of, the … Cargo, including
subrogated underwriters and the Ministry of Defence of Singapore, being part
of the Government of the Republic of Singapore”. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Page 254 of MKR’s affidavit: RBOD p 260.

Immediately prior to the demand for payment, the letter repeats the words “on
behalf of the Government of the Republic of Singapore”. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Page 255 of MKR’s affidavit: RBOD p 261.

26 Sompo relies on the case of Maridive & Oil Services (SAE) and another v CAN
Insurance Co (Europe) Ltd [2002] 1 All ER (Comm) 653, a decision of the
English Court of Appeal. In that case, the bond was in favour of a protection
and indemnity club, The Shipowners’ Mutual Protection and Indemnity
Association (Luxembourg) (“the Club”), who was the defined obligee and who the
bond described as “a legally representative [sic] of Maridive & Oil Services
(S.A.E)” (“Maridive”). Payment on the bond was to be made upon written demand
by the defined obligee. However, when the demand came to be made, the
solicitors making it stated their client to be Maridive, and made no mention
of the Club at all. This was held to be an invalid demand, even if Maridive
was the principal of the Club, because the Club was the defined obligee. This
case does not however assist Sompo, because in the present case the solicitors
making the demand correctly identified the Singapore Government as the
beneficiary of the bond and expressly made the demand on its behalf.

27 Sompo also relies on an email that DSTA sent to C&C on 14 June 2017 about
three months after the C&C Letter to suggest that neither RSA nor C&C had
authorisation to make the call on the Performance Bond. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

AWS at para 45(b).

It recorded DSTA’s regret “that we are unable to provide the letter of
authority, given the existing right of subrogation under law”. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Page 27 of IL’s Affidavit: RBOD p 314.

This email does not assist Sompo’s contention. C&C never purported to act for
the Government under express authority. Rather, they derived their authority
from RSA, which by virtue of the doctrine of subrogation was entitled to use
the Singapore Government’s name for the call on the Performance Bond even
without the Government giving consent for this specific use. As explained
below, the subrogor impliedly promises to allow the use of his name for the
pursuit of rights of action to which the subrogee becomes subrogated. Even if
the subrogor wishes to resile from that promise, it is specifically
enforceable in equity. In any case, the email does not in any way derogate
from RSA’s rights as subrogee, but expressly affirms those rights. Subrogation
occurs automatically upon indemnification of the insured’s loss, and requires
no other positive act from either the insured or the insurer.

28 I also reject Sompo’s argument that the call had to be accompanied by
evidence of subrogation. There is nothing in the terms of the Performance Bond
requiring this.

Issue 2: The extent of subrogation

29 The second issue is whether RSA was subrogated to the Government’s rights
on the performance bond. Sompo’s contention principally rests on an apparent
qualification concerning those rights of the insured to which the insurer is
subrogated that may be found in many of the textbook extracts and cases cited
to me, to the effect that those rights are against a person responsible for
the insured loss. For example, Robert Merkin, Colinvaux’s Law of Insurance
(Sweet & Maxwell, 12th Ed, 2019) (“Colinvaux”) states at para 12-004:

While the negative side of subrogation is generally emphasised by the courts,
subrogation has an equally important “positive” side. The insurers are
entitled to take over all of the rights of the assured, whether in contract or
tort, legal or equitable, against the person responsible for the loss, and are
also entitled to take advantage of any benefit which accrues to the assured
which diminishes the loss. …

[emphasis added]

30 RSA’s counsel rejects this qualification. She relies on the wording of s
79(2) of the Marine Insurance Act (c 41) (UK), which contains no such
qualification and instead refers to “all rights and remedies of the assured in
and in respect of the subject-matter insured”.

31 RSA’s counsel also relies on the next part of the extract from Colinvaux,
cited at [29] above, namely the entitlement “to take advantage of any benefit
which accrues to the assured that diminishes the loss”.

32 As with any consideration of the common law, the exercise lies not merely
in parsing the words of judgments or textbooks but in understanding the
principles underlying those words. It is important to consider the juridical
basis of the law of subrogation.

33 I refer to the common law, because one must keep in mind that s 79 of the
Marine Insurance Act (whether UK or Singapore) is not an exhaustive statement
of the law of subrogation to be applied to marine insurance. Rather, it
provides statutory recognition that the common law doctrine of subrogation
applies to marine insurance contracts. As observed in F D Rose, Marine
Insurance: Law and Practice (Informa, 2nd Ed, 2012) at para 27.13, one must
find the detail of that doctrine in the common law.

34 The doctrine of subrogation in the context of indemnity insurance arose
from the implication by the common law of terms in the contract of indemnity
insurance that prevent the insured from recovering more than an indemnity. A
contract that permitted the insured to make a profit from the occurrence of an
event would begin to resemble a wager, a transaction which the common law did
not favour. As noted in John Birds, Ben Lynch & Simon Milnes, MacGillivray on
Insurance Law (Sweet & Maxwell, 12th Ed, 2012) para 23–001, “the fundamental
principle of indemnity insurance [is] that the assured shall receive no more
than a full indemnity for his real loss, and must not be permitted to make a
profit out of being insured”.

35 By terms implied in the contract of indemnity insurance, the insured
promises to take specific steps or actions so that he will not be
overcompensated and the insurer’s interest in paying only for the insured’s
actual loss is protected. Primarily, this is a matter between insured and
insurer. However, to be effectively enforced, these implied contractual
promises may in some aspects have to be recognised or given effect to in
relation to third parties, and for this purpose equity steps in to confer on
the insurer an equitable interest in the insured’s rights of action against
third parties in respect of the subject-matter of the loss. Lord Templeman
explained the juridical basis of the law of subrogation in his speech in the
House of Lords in Lord Napier and Ettrick and another v Hunter and others
[1993] AC 713 at 736:

It may be that the common law invented and implied in contracts of insurance a
promise by the insured person to take proceedings to reduce his loss, a
promise by the insured person to account to the insurer for moneys recovered
from a third party in respect of the insured loss and a promise by the insured
person to allow the insurer to exercise in the name of the insured person
rights of action vested in the insured person against third parties for the
recovery of the insured loss if the insured person refuses or neglects to
enforce those rights of action. There must also be implied a promise by the
insured person that in exercising his rights of action against third parties
he will act in good faith for the benefit of the insured person so far as he
has borne the loss and for the benefit of the insurer so far as he has
indemnified the insured person against the insured loss. My Lords, contractual
promises may create equitable interests. An express promise by a vendor to
convey land on payment of the purchase price confers on the purchaser an
equitable interest in the land. In my opinion promises implied in a contract
of insurance with regard to rights of action vested in the insured person for
the recovery of an insured loss from a third party responsible for the loss
confer on the insurer an equitable interest in those rights of action to the
extent necessary to recoup the insurer who has indemnified the insured person
against the insured loss.

36 Understanding the law of subrogation in this way elucidates how it applies
in various situations. For example, as the right of subrogation is implied by
law into the indemnity insurance contract it can be expressly excluded or
limited by that contract.

37 The doctrine of subrogation has been classically described by Brett LJ in
Castellain v Preston and others [1883] 11 QBD 380, at 388:

… as between the underwriter and the assured the underwriter is entitled to
the advantage of every right of the assured, whether such a right consists in
contract, fulfilled or unfulfilled, or in remedy for tort capable of being
insisted on or already insisted on, or in any other right, whether by way of
condition or otherwise, legal or equitable, which can be, or has been
exercised or has accrued, and whether such right could or could not be
enforced by the insurer in the name of the assured by the exercise or
acquiring of which right or condition the loss against which the assured is
insured, can be, or has been diminished. …

38 Turning to the question raised in this appeal, it can be answered by
considering what the relationship of the Performance Bond is to the insured
loss. The Performance Bond relates to the loss suffered by the Government from
breach of the Carriage Contract, and it is that same loss which is insured.
Calling on the Performance Bond was a remedy available to the Government that
if taken would have reduced the loss. Hence if the Performance Bond had been
called upon prior to the making of the insurance claim, RSA would only have
paid the Government in respect of any part of the insured loss that was not
already covered by the pay out under the bond. If the Government made its
insurance claim first and was paid out on that, but then subsequently called
upon the Performance Bond, it would be accountable to the insurer for any
proceeds it might receive under the Performance Bond. This follows
straightforwardly from the principle that the insured cannot by the indemnity
insurance contract obtain more than he has lost, and once he has received
payment under the Performance Bond his loss has reduced by that amount. It is
a benefit that has accrued to the insured that diminishes his loss.

39 It follows that the insurer, upon payment to the insured, is subrogated to
the insured’s rights even on a contract, such as the Performance Bond, that is
given not by the person responsible for the loss but by someone else, so long
as that contract concerns the subject-matter of the insured loss.

40 This result accords with the policy concern of the law that risks are
allocated to those best able to evaluate them and adopt measures of risk
reduction or mitigation. The issuer of a performance bond has the opportunity
prior to issuing it to evaluate the creditworthiness of the principal and – if
thought prudent – to obtain security from that principal. By comparison, the
insurer has less opportunity to assess the creditworthiness of its insured’s
contractual counterparties, and even if it did would have only blunter and
less effective tools at its disposal for the purpose of controlling or
mitigating that risk.

41 Sompo contends in this appeal that the insurer should be limited to
pursuing its subrogated rights against Geometra. That is not correct. RSA has
the option to pursue its subrogated rights against Geometra or against Sompo,
just as the Government did. It is no answer to tell the subrogated insurer to
pursue a different remedy any more than it would be an answer to the insured.
Both insured and insurer have the choice of remedy. Of course, once Sompo has
paid on the Performance Bond, it has the right to look to its principal,
Geometra, including by reference to any security that it obtained prior to
issuing the Performance Bond.

Conclusion

42 An insurer’s right of subrogation to the rights and remedies of the insured
in respect of the subject matter of the loss extends to the right to call upon
a performance bond provided to the insured by a third party in connection with
the insured’s original contract with the party responsible for the insured
loss. As RSA by its solicitors made a valid call in the name of the Government
on the Performance Bond prior to its expiry, Sompo must pay RSA in accordance
with that call. I dismiss the appeal.

43 Costs should follow the event, and I fix the costs of the appeal to be paid
by Sompo to RSA at $6,000 inclusive of disbursements.

Philip Jeyaretnam  
Judicial Commissioner |   
---|---  
  
Govintharasah s/o Ramanathan, Sharma Neharika and Beverly Nah (Gurbani & Co
LLC) for the appellant;

Wong Wan Chee and Ng Tse Jun Russell (Rev Law LLC) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 24 Jun 2021 (13:53 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

