Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the FAMILY JUSTICE COURTS of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHCF 6

District Court Appeal No 108 of 2020

Between

VOU

… Appellant

And

VOT

… Respondent

judgment

[Family Law] — [Maintenance] — [Wife]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
VOU

  
v

  

VOT

[2021] SGHCF 6

General Division of the High Court (Family Division) — District Court Appeal
No 108 of 2020  
Choo Han Teck J  
23 April 2021

3 May 2021 Judgment reserved.

Choo Han Teck J:

1 The appellant wife (the “wife”), appeals against the decision of the
District Judge (the “DJ”), who made no order as to her maintenance from the
respondent, her husband (the “husband”). They had lived together as a married
couple for barely six months. The wife is 59 years old and the husband is 78.
There are no children to the marriage. This was the second marriage for both
of them. The wife has children, now adults, from her previous marriage.

2 The parties were married on 25 December 2016, after cohabiting for four
years in a “tumultuous” on-again, off-again relationship. It is not disputed
that the husband gave the wife monthly sums of $5,000 from March 2014 to
February 2017. In March 2017, the husband opened a joint bank account with the
wife (the “Joint Account”) from which the wife withdrew a sum of $5,000 every
month between March to June 2017.

3 Their marital bliss was short-lived. The husband left the wife abruptly
around 14 June 2017, after withdrawing $50,000 from the Joint Account. He left
about $25,000 behind, which the wife says she withdrew on 20 June 2017 and
used for her own expenses until it ran out in December 2017.

4 The wife says that sometime in January 2017, the husband told her to sell
her kueh business that she had been running for about 15 years, in order to
devote more time to taking care of him. She says that she agreed when the
husband promised to take care of her and provide for her. Despite the
husband’s departure in June 2017, the wife proceeded to sell her kueh business
in July 2017, thinking that the husband would return to her as he had always
done in the past after he had cooled down, and in reliance on his promise to
take care of her. But he did not come back.

5 The husband disputes the wife’s claim that she had sold her business because
of his assurance to take care of her. He says that the decision to sell the
business was entirely the wife’s since the marriage had broken down by then.
Her reason for selling the business was to free her time so that she could
look after him. With both marriage and husband gone, it was not reasonable for
her to sell her business in expectation of his return. This is not an
unreasonable argument, and one might have thought that in the circumstances,
the wife might have delayed the sale. In any event, I do not think that
decision has such a great impact in her favour. She could, if she would,
return to it, even if, as she says, that she cannot make kueh in the same
quantities as before due to her medical condition. It was, after all, a
business based entirely on her skill and effort alone.

6 Eventually, the Writ of Divorce was filed by the husband on 6 January 2020
and Interim Judgment was granted on 26 May 2020. The ancillary hearing was
held on 22 September 2020. As there were no children to the marriage and the
parties had agreed to keep assets in their sole names absolutely, the only
ancillary issue before the DJ was maintenance for the wife. The DJ made no
order as to maintenance for the wife. The wife filed a Notice of Appeal on 11
November 2020, and the DJ subsequently released her Grounds of Decision (“GD”)
on 4 February 2021.

7 On appeal before me, the wife seeks a lump sum of $420,000 on the basis of
$5,000 per month for 7 years. She says this is reasonable because the husband
had given her $5,000 per month from 2014 until June 2017, when he left her.
She submits that a multiplier of 7 years is fair and reasonable because she
will not be able to earn much income moving forward due to her age and medical
conditions, and the husband did not maintain her for almost three years during
the marriage.

8 In the alternative, the wife seeks a lump sum of $180,000 on the basis of
$5,000 per month for three years. She says this is fair and reasonable, given
that the husband refused to maintain her for almost the entire duration of the
marriage from the time he left her around 14 June 2017 till the time Interim
Judgment was granted on 26 May 2020.

9 In the Appellant’s Case dated 3 March 2021, the wife said that the DJ had
erred by failing to consider the fact that the parties’ pre-marriage lifestyle
continued into the marriage and their high standard of living during the
marriage, holding it against the wife for failing to enter into a pre-nuptial
agreement or deed of separation, putting too much emphasis on the short length
of the marriage, failing to recognise the parties’ conduct and circumstances
in which they got married (particularly the husband’s promises he would
provide for her financially), and declining to order maintenance because of
the wife’s alleged financial security.

10 I consider, first, the relevance of the parties’ pre-marriage lifestyle and
the wife’s argument that this continued into their marriage. The wife is
essentially seeking a form of “palimony”, by asking for the same monthly sum
she had been receiving during their cohabitation. However, as the law stands,
neither the fact that parties are cohabiting prior to their marriage, nor the
circumstances of that cohabitation, can be taken into account in deciding on
the ancillary matters once the marriage comes to an end — even in
relationships that were longer than this one (UJF v UJG [2019] 3 SLR 178). As
submitted by the husband’s counsel, the power of the court to order
maintenance under Section 113 of the Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 2009 Rev Ed)
(the “Women’s Charter”) may only be invoked upon parties being either married
or divorced, and nothing in the list of factors under Section 114 can be read
as making references to circumstances prior to the marriage. I therefore agree
with the DJ’s view that there was “no legal basis” for the wife’s argument (GD
at [24]–[25]).

11 I am also unpersuaded by the wife’s submission that the DJ had erred in
failing to consider the parties’ high standard of living during the marriage,
and by the wife’s reliance on the principle of financial preservation (Section
114(2) of the Women’s Charter). First, the parties had lived together as man
and wife only from December 2016 till the husband left her in June 2017.
Subjective as it might be, I agree with the husband’s counsel that there was
therefore not much “lifestyle during the marriage” to speak of. It will take a
high standard of living during the marriage, of which there is only scant and
unconvincing evidence (such as a passing reference to their two-week honeymoon
in Europe), to justify the wife’s claim.

12 I also agree with the DJ’s view that both parties were “mature adults who
were financially independent when they remarried each other” (GD at [27]) and
the wife “was of a certain means and was financially secure on her own” (GD at
[32]). Although the wife no longer has her kueh business, she is significantly
younger than the husband, who is 78 and retired, and she is capable of being
self-sufficient and providing for herself.

13 In any event, from the start of the marriage till its sudden end, the wife
had received a total sum of about $50,000 (based on the $5,000 monthly sum she
had received from December 2016 till June 2017, and the sum she withdrew from
the Joint Account after the husband’s departure). In my view, this was
sufficient for her needs after they stopped living together.

14 Third, the wife also argued that the court is required to have regard to
the conduct of the parties under Section 114(2) of the Women’s Charter, and
the DJ should therefore have taken into account the circumstances under which
the parties had gotten married and their conduct. This included the husband’s
promise to the wife around 5 September 2016 that he would never leave her
again, and the fact that she had sold her kueh business in July 2017 in
reliance on the husband’s previous assurance that he would provide for her.
Even if all this were true, I agree with the DJ that there was no legal basis
to grant an order for maintenance on the basis of the husband reneging on his
various promises (GD at [30]–[31]). Promises of this sort are routinely made
in the happy days of courtship and marriage. But broken vows of devotion do
not, on their own, form the basis of a maintenance order.

15 For completeness, I do not agree with the wife’s argument that the DJ was
“holding it against [her]” for not entering into a pre-marital agreement. The
point the DJ was making was that the husband’s generosity towards the wife in
giving her $5,000 every month during their cohabitation could not be relied on
upon the breakdown of the marriage, although that arrangement might have been
given some weight had it been recorded in a pre-marital agreement or a deed of
separation (GD at [26]). The DJ was not saying that the wife was at fault for
omitting to do so.

16 For the reasons set out above, I uphold the decision of the DJ and dismiss
the appeal. I will hear the parties on costs at a later date if they are
unable to agree costs. I will suggest to parties that they each bear their own
costs in this case.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge of the High Court

The appellant in person;  
Looi Min Yi Stephanie and Oei Su-Ying Renee (Optimus Chambers LLC) for the
respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 03 May 2021 (12:03 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

