Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC 76

Suit No 1310 of 2018

Between

(1)| Ong Chai Koon  
---|---  
(2)| Ong Kim Geok  
(3)| Ong Sor Kim  
(4)| Ong Sor Mui  
(5)| Ong Soh Ai  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

Ong Chai Soon  
---  
  
… Defendant

judgment

[Trusts] — [Constructive trusts]

[Trusts] — [Resulting trusts]

[Equity] — [Estoppel] — [Proprietary estoppel]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Ong Chai Koon and others

  
v

  

Ong Chai Soon

[2021] SGHC 76

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 1310 of 2018  
Ang Cheng Hock J  
25–28 August, 1–4 September, 18 December 2020

6 April 2021 Judgment reserved.

Ang Cheng Hock J:

Introduction

1 This is a family dispute among the parties – six siblings of the Ong family
– over whether they share a common intention that a Housing and Development
Board (“HDB”) two-storey shophouse located in Hougang purchased more than 25
years ago is to be their “retirement fund”, in that the shophouse should be
sold and they all have a right to share equally in the sale proceeds. This HDB
shophouse is registered in the sole name of the defendant, who is also the
oldest son (though not the oldest child) of the family. The facts of the case
are not that complicated. The dispute on the facts essentially boils down to
whether the parties’ conduct is consistent with the alleged common intention.
On account of the dearth of available documentary evidence owing to the
passage of time, the inquiry will have to focus on a careful scrutiny of the
oral evidence of the siblings to assess their credibility.

2 Legally, the case is less straightforward, and many of the nuances of the
legal issues seem to have escaped the attention of the parties’ counsel. The
plaintiffs run three alternative claims to support their case: common
intention constructive trust, resulting trust, and proprietary estoppel. The
analysis is complicated by s 51(10) of the Housing and Development Act (Cap
129, 2004 Rev Ed) (“HDA”), which provides that no person shall “become
entitled” to HDB property (or any interest therein) under any resulting or
constructive trust. The question thus arises as to whether s 51(10) prevents
the plaintiffs from “becom[ing] entitled” to the shophouse under a
constructive or resulting trust.

Facts

The parties

3 The plaintiffs and the defendant in this case are siblings of the Ong
family. Mr Ong Chen Kiat and Mdm Ang Mong Kwa had six children, four daughters
and two sons, who are the parties in this action (collectively, the “Ong
siblings”), as follows. The defendant is the oldest son of the family. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Statement of claim (Amendment No 2) dated 26 August 2020 (“SOC Amd 2”) at [2];
Bundle of Documents Volumes 1–5 dated 19 August 2020 (“BOD”) pp 1916 and 1925.

s/n| Name| Party| Gender| Age  
---|---|---|---|---  
1) | Ong Sor Kim (“SK”)| 3rd Plaintiff| Female| 62 years  
2) | Ong Soh Ai (“SA”)| 5th Plaintiff| Female| 60 years  
3) | Ong Sor Mui (“SM”)| 4th Plaintiff| Female| 59 years  
4) | Ong Chai Soon| Defendant| Male| 57 years  
5) | Ong Chai Koon (“CK”)| 1st Plaintiff| Male| 56 years  
6) | Ong Kim Geok (“KG”)| 2nd Plaintiff| Female| 54 years  
  
Background to the dispute

4 The six siblings grew up in the family home in a kampong at Lorong Gemilap
which is located in Yio Chu Kang. This was one of the last surviving kampongs
in Singapore, until the kampong land was compulsorily acquired in the late
1980s. While they were living in the kampong, their father carried out several
trades on their land: first, pig farming, and then later, poultry
slaughtering. He also planted fruit trees throughout the kampong and sold the
fruits. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Ong Kim Geok’s AEIC dated 15 June 2020 (“KG’s AEIC”) at [5]–[8].

5 The plaintiffs and defendant attended school but also helped in the father’s
poultry slaughtering business. Most of them dropped out of school at a young
age, with KG being the only one managing to qualify to take the exams at
secondary four level. She went on to attend a vocational institute where she
learnt hairdressing. She then worked as a hairdresser at a beauty salon in Ang
Mo Kio. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Transcript, 25 August 2020, pp 51–52.

6 After dropping out of school, the other plaintiffs also worked. When their
father switched from pig farming to poultry slaughtering, the land where the
pig sty once stood was converted to a space where SK carried out a
hairdressing business of her own, which was named after her, called Sor Kim
Unisex Hairdressing & Beauty Salon. SA worked as a live-in domestic helper
outside of the kampong, while SM worked as a seamstress. CK was an apprentice
to a carpenter before he entered national service. After that, he worked in a
furniture upholstery business where he made cushions, while at the same time
helping in the father’s poultry slaughtering business. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

KG’s AEIC at [8]–[11]; Ong Chai Koon’s AEIC dated 15 June 2020 (“CK’s AEIC”)
at [6]; Ong Sor Kim’s AEIC dated 15 June 2020 (“SK’s AEIC”) at [5]–[8]; Ong
Sor Mui’s AEIC dated 15 June 2020 (“SM’s AEIC”) at [4]–[6]; Transcript, 1
September 2020, p 72 line 26–p 73 line 31 and p 75 lines 22–27.

7 The defendant was the only one who did not pick up a trade of his own but
continued to help the father in the poultry slaughtering business. Their uncle
was also involved in the business, for which he was paid by the elder Mr Ong.
It is disputed whether CK and the defendant were also paid by their father for
helping out in the business, with the defendant insisting that he was, but CK
denying that the two sons were ever paid.

8 The plaintiffs all gave evidence that they would hand over their earnings to
their mother, who would manage the finances of the Ong family from a communal
family fund. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

KG’s AEIC at [11]; CK’s AEIC at [5]; Ong Soh Ai’s AEIC dated 15 June 2020 at
[4]; SK’s AEIC at [7]; SM’s AEIC at [4]–[6].

The defendant, on the other hand, claims that he kept whatever he was paid by
his father for helping in the poultry slaughtering business. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Transcript, 4 September 2020, p 63 lines 14–31.

9 In 1988, the kampong land was compulsorily acquired by the Government. A
significant sum was paid in compensation, which was kept and managed by the
mother. It is not disputed that the father did not handle the finances of the
family because he was a gambler. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Parties were in dispute as to the size of the compensation payment. The
defendant’s counsel put to the plaintiffs that it was only S$100,000, but the
defendant testified that it was “about” S$110,000. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Transcript, 4 September 2020, p 57 lines 7–11.

The plaintiffs’ figures ranged from S$100,000 to S$176,000 (the plaintiffs
pleaded that it was “over S$100,000.00”, which was also SK’s testimony; KG
attested that it was S$150,000 but also testified that it was S$176,000; CK
testified that it was S$150,000). 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

SOC Amd 2 at [4]; KG’s AEIC at [12]; CK’s AEIC at [7]; Transcript, 25 August
2020, p 59 lines 2–14, p 60 lines 1–6, and pp 76–77; Transcript, 28 August
2020, p 25 line 31–p 26 line 2, p 27 lines 1–4; Transcript, 1 September 2020,
pp 81–82.

10 However, it is not in dispute that the Ong family was offered the chance to
buy two adjoining three-room HDB flats in Yishun to assist in their
resettlement, and for which approximately S$60,000 of the compensation moneys
was used to pay for one flat (“Unit 172”) and the other flat (“Unit 174”) was
completely financed by a loan from the HDB. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Plaintiffs’ closing submissions dated 20 November 2020 (“PCS”) at [91];
Defendant’s closing submissions dated 27 November 2020 (“DCS”) at [11]; KG’s
AEIC at [20].

Unit 172 was registered in the joint names of the parents, while Unit 174 was
registered in the joint names of CK and the defendant. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

PCS at [71]; DCS at [4].

The housing loan for Unit 174 was paid over the years, but it is common ground
that the defendant did not make any financial contributions to the payment of
the loan. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

PCS at [71]; Transcript, 4 September 2020, p 56 lines 1–22.

11 In February 1989, a tender for a two-storey HDB shophouse at Block 698
Hougang Street 61 #01-06 (“the Hougang shophouse”) was made in the name of the
defendant. That tender was successful and a tenancy agreement dated 31 March
1989 between the HDB and the defendant was executed. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

SOC Amd 2 at [5]–[6]; DCS at [5].

Parties are in dispute as to the circumstances leading to the tender for the
tenancy of the Hougang shophouse and who made the initial payments for that
tenancy, but that will be dealt with later in this judgment.

12 The Hougang shophouse had a commercial space on the ground floor and a
residential unit on the second floor. While it contains a residential unit,
HDB shophouses are commercial properties, so the eligibility criteria set by
HDB for their ownership is different (and less stringent) than HDB flats. I
will come back to this point on whether the plaintiffs are eligible to own the
Hougang shophouse later. The evidence before me is that the commercial space
on the first floor was sub-divided into four separate spaces and let to
various sub-tenants. One of those spaces was occupied by a hairdressing salon
known as “Red Point Hair Beauty and Trading” (“Red Point”), which was a sole
proprietorship registered in the name of the defendant. Again, the
circumstances under which Red Point started and how it was managed and run are
matters of dispute. However, it is not disputed that SK, SM and KG worked at
Red Point from its inception until 2018, when this dispute started between the
plaintiffs and the defendant.

13 The HDB offered the Hougang shophouse for sale to the existing tenant, the
defendant, in 1995. The offer was taken up, and the purchase price was
S$782,000, which was completely financed by a loan from Hong Leong Finance.
The defendant was registered as the owner of the Hougang shophouse, and he
remains the sole registered owner up to this day. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Ong Chai Soon’s AEIC dated 22 June 2020 (“CS’s AEIC”) at [15].

14 As for the two Yishun flats, they went through changes in the registered
owners. In 1994, the elder Mr Ong passed away from an illness and the mother
became the sole owner of Unit 172. SM was added as a joint owner of that flat
the following year. She became the sole registered owner of Unit 172, when
their mother passed away in 2016. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Defendant’s core bundle (“DCB”) p 66.

15 In 1999, CK got married and wanted to apply for an HDB flat of his own. To
do this, his name was withdrawn as a registered co-owner of Unit 174, and he
was replaced by SK. To date, the defendant and SK are the registered joint
owners of Unit 174. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

DCB p 77.

16 With the exception of KG, who got married in 1989, most of the Ong family
resided in the two Yishun flats after they moved out of the kampong. In the
mid-1990s, SA moved out and got a resale flat of her own. CK moved out not
long after he got married in 1999. While the defendant maintained a room at
Unit 174, he usually stayed at a room on the second floor of the Hougang
shophouse.

17 SK and SM, who were unmarried, stayed with their mother at Unit 172. But
sometime after the passing of the elder Mr Ong, the three of them moved to
live at the second floor of the Hougang shophouse in 2003. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

SK’s AEIC at [16].

The Yishun flats were then rented out and the rental proceeds were used to pay
for the Ong family expenses.

18 For the last nine years of her life, their mother became ill, was bedridden
and needed medical care. A domestic helper was employed to help care for her
and also to handle the household chores. She passed away in 2016, while living
at the Hougang shophouse. SK and SM continued to live there until they were
forced to move out by the defendant in 2018. They then moved back to Unit 174
and presently reside there. Only Unit 172 is rented out now. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

SK’s AEIC at [26]; SM’s AEIC at [11]–[12].

19 The unchallenged evidence before me is that the relationship between the
defendant and his siblings had always been quite strained. For some of his
siblings, such as SM and CK, their relationship was barely cordial. After
their mother’s death in 2016, the defendant started acting in a way which
caused the plaintiffs to believe that he would attempt to claim beneficial
ownership over the Hougang shophouse. In their view, this was wrong because
the property was beneficially owned by all six siblings in equal shares, as it
was always the intention of all the members of the Ong family that it would be
their “retirement fund” and it was in any event paid for with funds which were
family moneys.

20 The differences between them eventually led to a family meeting on 25 June
2017 held at the Hougang shophouse. There is an audio recording of the
meeting, which lasted more than two and a half hours. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

See Lee Mui Lin’s AEIC dated 26 August 2020 (“Lee Mui Lin’s AEIC”) at pp
23–206 for the transcript of the audio recording.

For most of the meeting, things were fractious, and there was plenty of
shouting and arguing. Many longstanding family issues were raised. Towards the
end of the meeting, the defendant signed a document in English where he
acknowledged that the Hougang shophouse and Unit 174 were to be shared equally
between all the Ong siblings. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

DCB p 138; Plaintiff’s core bundle dated 19 August 2020 (“PCB”) p 13.

21 Sometime after the meeting, the defendant sought legal advice. He then made
a police report on 2 July 2017 claiming that he was forced by threats of
physical violence to sign a document at a family meeting which required him to
share, inter alia, the Hougang shophouse, which he claimed to own entirely. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

CS’s AEIC at [55] and pp 99–101.

About six months later on 25 January 2018, the defendant started to demand
that KG, SK and SM, who worked at Red Point, pay him rent for use of the
premises. They refused and Red Point’s business ceased shortly after. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

SK’s AEIC at [24]–[26]; SM’s AEIC at [11]–[12]; KG’s AEIC at [65]–[66].

Then, in or around 25 June 2018, the defendant also applied to the Family
Justice Courts for a personal protection order (“PPO”) against his siblings.
23

##### Foot Note 23

×

BOD pp 701–704.

This PPO application was concluded by a settlement agreement in which the
parties agreed, inter alia, that the plaintiffs “will not visit” the defendant
at the Hougang shophouse, and this was “without admission of liability by any
of the parties”. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Transcript, 4 September 2020, p 1 lines 14–28 and p 5 lines 12–17.

22 The plaintiffs then commenced these proceedings against the defendant on 27
December 2018.

The parties’ cases

The plaintiffs’ case

23 The plaintiffs’ primary claim is that the Hougang shophouse is the subject
matter of a common intention constructive trust, under which the defendant, as
trustee, holds the property on trust for each of the Ong siblings who are
entitled to equal beneficial shares. The other facet of this common intention
is that the Hougang shophouse represented a family asset or “retirement fund”,
and it would be sold when the siblings got older and the sale proceeds shared
equally amongst them. It is contended that the common intention for this trust
arrangement is evidenced by the circumstances under which the tenancy for the
property was first entered into and later how the property was purchased. The
siblings’ conduct throughout the years also demonstrate that all of them knew
of and shared this common intention. The plaintiffs also rely on the terms of
the document signed by the defendant at the family meeting on 25 June 2017
(“the family meeting document”) as evidence of his acceptance and
acknowledgment of the common intention constructive trust over the Hougang
shophouse and the proceeds when it is eventually sold.

24 The plaintiffs also submit that the Red Point business, while registered as
a sole proprietorship in the name of the defendant, was in truth a “family”
business, where all the earnings were used for the expenses of the Ong family,
including the payments towards the reduction of the loan on the Hougang
shophouse. Put another way, it is argued that the Red Point business’s
beneficial owners are all six siblings.

25 The plaintiffs also contend that the Hougang shophouse was paid for through
a combination of the following funds: the rent generated by the sub-tenancies
of the commercial spaces on the first floor of the Hougang shophouse; the
earnings from Red Point; and the personal funds of their mother and of KG.
Thus, it is argued that, in the alternative, the defendant holds the Hougang
shophouse subject to a resulting trust for the benefit of the Ong siblings in
equal shares. This is because all these sources of funds are trust moneys to
which all the Ong siblings are entitled in equal shares. This in turn stems
from the fact that their mother had pooled the family’s assets and funds,
including the two Yishun flats, to be used for the benefit of all her
children.

26 Further and alternatively, the plaintiffs also argue that the doctrine of
proprietary estoppel precludes the defendant from denying that he holds the
Hougang shophouse for the benefit of all the Ong siblings in equal shares. In
this regard, the plaintiffs rely on various instances of the defendant’s
conduct over the years and contend that this amounted to representations to
the plaintiffs that they own an interest in the Hougang shophouse. The
plaintiffs submit that this conduct includes the defendant’s acquiescence of
SK, SM, CK, and their mother using the Hougang shophouse without having to
seek his permission or compensate him; his acquiescence in letting KG receive
the lion dance couplet at the opening ceremony for Red Point; and his non-
collection of Red Point’s profits. The plaintiffs relied on this
representation, for instance, by – in SK, SM, and KG’s case – accepting meagre
salaries at Red Point and – in CK’s case – by working for free on the fitting-
out of and repairs to the shophouse.

27 Arising from these claims in common intention constructive trust, resulting
trust and proprietary estoppel, the plaintiffs seek various remedies, which I
shall outline and address at [177] to [191] below. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

SOC Amd 2 at pp 8–9.

28 Finally, for completeness, I should add that the plaintiffs had pleaded the
existence of an express trust over the Hougang shophouse, viz, that Mdm Ang
created an express trust over any sale proceeds of the Hougang shophouse such
that the defendant was to hold such proceeds, when realised, for the benefit
of the plaintiffs. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

SOC Amd 2 at [20].

This claim was maintained at trial, but eventually abandoned in the
plaintiffs’ closing submissions because they accept “that the evidence does
not support the existence of [such an express trust]”. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

PCS at [5].

The defendant’s case

29 The defendant’s case is a straightforward one. He denies that he holds the
Hougang shophouse on trust for anyone. He claims to own the property
beneficially in its entirety. He denies that there was any common intention,
whether express or inferred, for the property to be held on trust for all the
Ong siblings when he first tendered for the tenancy for the property and later
when he purchased the property outright.

30 The defendant submits that he left it entirely to KG to manage the Hougang
shophouse, the sub-tenants and the Red Point business because she was the most
qualified of all the Ong siblings. He claims that the rental paid by the sub-
tenants would have been sufficient to pay for the mortgage loan instalments
for the Hougang shophouse and he expected KG to have used that rent to make
the payments. Even if KG had used the earnings from the Red Point business for
herself, it would make no difference because he owned the business entirely as
the sole proprietor. In this regard, the defendant argues that SK, SM and KG
were his employees and he had set up this hairdressing business for them to
make a living by working for him. He thus denies that any resulting trust
arose over the Hougang shophouse through the payments towards its purchase
price.

31 As for any payments towards the purchase price that allegedly came from the
jointly held funds of their mother and KG, the defendant claims that KG should
not have utilised those funds to make payments of the mortgage loan
instalments given what he believed was the sufficiency of the sub-tenancy
rental from the Hougang shophouse to make the payments.

32 I should add that, although the plaintiffs did not specifically plead a
case based on resulting trust, the defendant had not, whether in his opening
statement or the closing submissions, raised any objection to this deficiency
in the pleadings. Instead, the defendant has attempted instead to deal with
the arguments on resulting trust on its merits. This is perhaps because the
evidence as to the acquisition of the Hougang shophouse and the payments
towards its eventual acquisition were all extensively raised and explored in
the evidence, and are, in any event, relied upon by both sides on the issue of
whether there is a common intention constructive trust over the shophouse.

33 The defendant argues that, in relation to the plaintiffs’ claim on express
trust, that is a claim that should be brought by the personal representatives
of their mother’s estate, because the mother would be the settlor of the
trust. In this regard, the mother’s estate remains unadministered, with none
of the siblings having applied for letters of administration to act as the
estate’s personal representatives. Thus, the plaintiffs have no locus standi.
However, since the plaintiffs are no longer pursuing their claim on the
express trust, it is unnecessary for me to deal with this issue.

34 The defendant also pleaded that s 51 of the HDA “provides that no trust
shall be created on HDB property without the prior written approval of HDB and
any trust which purports to be created shall be void”. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Defence Amendment No 2 dated 20 November 2019 (“Defence Amd 2”) at [25].

However, as I explain further at [140] below, the defendant’s argument on s 51
has morphed significantly from the time of the pleadings until now.

35 As for the family meeting document, the defendant insists that he signed
the document under duress because there were threats of physical harm to his
person when he was at the meeting. He also relies on the doctrine of non est
factum because he claims that he was not told by his siblings that the family
meeting document would touch upon the ownership of the Hougang shophouse.
Further, the defendant argues that, if the family meeting document amounts to
a contract, under which he agreed to share ownership of the Hougang shophouse
with his siblings, such a contract is not enforceable because no consideration
has been furnished by his siblings.

36 As for the claim in proprietary estoppel, the defendant flatly denies that
he had made any representations to the plaintiffs, whether written, verbal or
by conduct, that suggested that all the Ong siblings had an equal beneficial
interest in the property.

Issues to be determined

37 From the parties’ respective cases, it appears to me that the essential
issues to be determined in order to resolve the dispute between the parties
are as follows.

38 First, is the Hougang shophouse subject to a common intention constructive
trust, under which the defendant holds the beneficial interest in the property
on behalf of himself and his siblings, all in equal shares? The determination
of this issue requires, as I will explain below, a careful examination of the
evidence as to whether a common intention, either express or inferred, existed
at the time when the property was acquired that it would be shared among the
Ong siblings.

39 Second, in any event, does the defendant hold the Hougang shophouse subject
to a resulting trust where the true beneficiaries are himself and his
siblings, all in equal shares? To answer this question, as will be obvious,
one primarily needs to examine the sources of funds used to pay for the
acquisition of this property and whether those sources of funds are the
defendant’s moneys and, if not, who owned those moneys.

40 Third, if the Hougang shophouse is subject to a trust, does s 51 of the HDA
prevent the trust from arising or having effect and, if so, what are the
implications and remedies available to the plaintiffs, if any at all?

41 Fourth, if the Hougang shophouse is not subject to a common intention
constructive trust or a resulting trust in favour of all the Ong siblings, can
the plaintiffs avail themselves of the doctrine of proprietary estoppel to
assert a claim to an equitable interest in the property?

42 In my view, as would be patently clear, the first two of the essential
issues listed above actually devolve into a determination of one central
question, ie, who beneficially owns the Hougang shophouse in equity? From my
analysis of the relevant legal principles (as I set out at [43] to [45]
below), the determination of this question requires the Court to take into
account the intentions of the parties and their parents, whether these
intentions were shared by all the relevant parties, the parties’ conduct, and
the payments towards the purchase price of the property. In other words, the
entire factual context must be scrutinised. To illustrate, the payments
towards the mortgage instalments for the Hougang shophouse, according to the
plaintiffs, came not only from the rental generated by the sub-tenants of the
property but also the Red Point business, amongst other sources. This in turn
requires the Court to delve into the issue of whether the Red Point business
was indeed beneficially owned by the Ong siblings as alleged. Otherwise, one
would not be able to conclude whether any payments from Red Point’s earnings
to reduce the mortgage loan would be considered as a financial contribution by
the defendant to the acquisition of the Hougang shophouse. As the issues of
whether there exists a common intention constructive trust over the Hougang
shophouse or whether the property is held by the defendant on resulting trust
for all the Ong siblings are so intimately intertwined, I will deal with the
issues together in an overarching analysis of who the beneficial owner or
owners of the Hougang shophouse are.

Is there a trust over the Hougang shophouse?

The legal framework

43 Parties are not in dispute as to the law and rely mainly on the same
authorities. The legal principles that are applicable when the Court has the
task of determining the beneficial ownership of property, when various parties
have contributed to the purchase price and where there has been no declaration
of trust, were explored and summarised in the Court of Appeal’s decision in
Chan Yuen Lan v See Fong Mun [2014] 3 SLR 1048 (“Chan Yuen Lan”) at [160]:

In view of our discussion above, a property dispute involving parties who have
contributed unequal amounts towards the purchase price of a property and who
have not executed a declaration of trust as to how the beneficial interest in
the property is to be apportioned can be broadly analysed using the following
steps in relation to the available evidence:

(a) Is there sufficient evidence of the parties’ respective financial
contributions to the purchase price of the property? If the answer is “yes”,
it will be presumed that the parties hold the beneficial interest in the
property in proportion to their respective contributions to the purchase price
(ie, the presumption of resulting trust arises). If the answer is “no”, it
will be presumed that the parties hold the beneficial interest in the same
manner as that in which the legal interest is held.

(b) Regardless of whether the answer to (a) is “yes” or “no”, is there
sufficient evidence of an express or an inferred common intention that the
parties should hold the beneficial interest in the property in a proportion
which is different from that set out in (a)? If the answer is “yes”, the
parties will hold the beneficial interest in accordance with that common
intention instead, and not in the manner set out in (a). In this regard, the
court may not impute a common intention to the parties where one did not in
fact exist.

(c) If the answer to both (a) and (b) is “no”, the parties will hold the
beneficial interest in the property in the same manner as the manner in which
they hold the legal interest.

(d) If the answer to (a) is “yes” but the answer to (b) is “no”, is there
nevertheless sufficient evidence that the party who paid a larger part of the
purchase price of the property (“X”) intended to benefit the other party (“Y”)
with the entire amount which he or she paid? If the answer is “yes”, then X
would be considered to have made a gift to Y of that larger sum and Y will be
entitled to the entire beneficial interest in the property.

(e) If the answer to (d) is “no”, does the presumption of advancement
nevertheless operate to rebut the presumption of resulting trust in (a)? If
the answer is “yes”, then: (i) there will be no resulting trust on the facts
where the property is registered in Y’s sole name (ie, Y will be entitled to
the property absolutely); and (ii) the parties will hold the beneficial
interest in the property jointly where the property is registered in their
joint names. If the answer is “no”, the parties will hold the beneficial
interest in the property in proportion to their respective contributions to
the purchase price.

(f) Notwithstanding the situation at the time the property was acquired, is
there sufficient and compelling evidence of a subsequent express or inferred
common intention that the parties should hold the beneficial interest in a
proportion which is different from that in which the beneficial interest was
held at the time of acquisition of the property? If the answer is “yes”, the
parties will hold the beneficial interest in accordance with the subsequent
altered proportion. If the answer is “no”, the parties will hold the
beneficial interest in one of the modes set out at (b) – (e) above, depending
on which is applicable.

[emphasis in original]

44 The starting point, thus, is for the Court to examine whether there is
sufficient evidence of the financial contributions to the purchase price of
the Hougang shophouse – what were the sources of funds for the payment of the
purchase price and how much was paid? That, as per the Court of Appeal in Chan
Yuen Lan, will lead to the presumption that the beneficial interest in the
property will be held in proportion to the parties’ respective contributions
to the purchase price, which is an application of the presumption of resulting
trust.

45 However, in this suit, the plaintiffs’ claim in resulting trust is not
their primary case. Indeed, as I pointed out earlier (see [32] above), it is
not even pleaded by the plaintiffs, although the defendant has raised no
objection in this regard. Furthermore, as noted by the High Court in Ng So
Hang v Wong Sang Woo [2018] SGHC 162 at [24]:

While the approach in Chan Yuen Lan starts its analysis with the purchase
price resulting trust, in practice the foremost claim that is put forward is
usually the common intention constructive trust, with an alternative basis
relied upon of a proprietary estoppel; the resulting trust is usually the
backstop claim.

46 This was indeed how the plaintiffs structured their arguments in this trial
– their primary and foremost case in their closing submissions was based on a
common intention constructive trust. As such, I shall consider if a common
intention constructive trust exists first. I will begin my analysis of the
evidence from around the time when the tender for the tenancy for the Hougang
shophouse was submitted and move forward chronologically from that point.
Along the way, I will touch upon the evidence as to the mother’s and the
siblings’ intentions with respect to the ownership of the property. My
findings in that regard will be relevant to the determination of the issue of
the common intention constructive trust.

Tender for the tenancy of the Hougang shophouse

47 Due to the long passage of time from when the material events occurred, the
evidence of what had happened at this time is based mainly on the oral
evidence of the parties. In this regard, the main person who is able to shed
the most light on the details in relation to the tender for the tenancy and
the later acquisition of the Hougang shophouse was not the defendant, but KG.

48 It is quite clear from all the evidence before me that KG is clearly the
most capable and competent of the Ong siblings in terms of being able to
manage the finances of the family and handle issues of administration. As
already mentioned, of all the Ong siblings, she had achieved the highest
standard of academic qualifications, in that she took her “O” Level exams at
secondary four and later attended ITE for her hairdressing certificate. I also
find that KG has a better command of written and spoken English as compared to
her siblings. It is thus no surprise that their mother placed trust and
responsibility on KG to help her in managing the finances of the family. She
was meticulous and kept records of financial transactions, significant
payments and key documents. In fact, it was KG who produced the documentation
in relation to the tenancy of the Hougang shophouse, its subsequent
acquisition and also the financing of its purchase, and its subsequent
refinancing. The defendant, despite being the registered legal owner, did not
have in his possession any of these documents.

49 SK’s and CK’s unchallenged evidence is that, at the time when the kampong
land was being acquired, officers from the HDB had visited the Ong family and,
on learning that SK operated a hair salon there, they suggested that the
family tender for a tenancy of an HDB shophouse so they could continue with
their hairdressing business. Their mother thought that this was a good idea
and gave instructions for the children to tender for the tenancy of an HDB
shophouse. Their mother said that she would provide the initial funds for the
tenancy and for the start-up costs of the hairdressing business.

50 KG’s, SK’s and CK’s evidence is consistent in that they, together with the
defendant, discussed and decided to tender for the tenancy of two HDB
shophouses – one in Yishun and one in Hougang. The tender for the shophouse in
Yishun was in SK’s name, while the other tender was in the name of the
defendant. KG was the one who filled up the tender application forms, and she
gave evidence that there was no particular reason for having chosen the names
of SK and the defendant. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

KG’s AEIC at [15].

After all, it was understood by all of them that the business was going to be
a family business. As things turned out, only the tender for the shophouse in
Hougang was successful, and a tenancy agreement was then executed with the HDB
by the defendant.

51 In contrast, the defendant’s evidence is that his mother never gave any
instructions for the tender of an HDB shophouse and he never had any
discussions with KG, SK or CK about this. Instead, it was his own decision to
do so, after learning from a friend that the HDB put up notices for shophouses
available for tender, and after reading from the notices that a tenancy for
the Hougang shophouse was up for tender. He then asked KG to help him fill up
the tender application form. He denied having any knowledge of any other
tender for a shophouse in Yishun. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

CS’s AEIC at [10].

52 In the absence of any documentary evidence, in assessing the oral evidence
of the Ong siblings, I had to consider the inherent probabilities of each
side’s version of events against the undisputed facts. It is clear from the
evidence that, when they lived at the kampong, the Ong family operated
businesses which were treated as family businesses in that the income earned
was utilised for the benefit of the family. With the acquisition of the
kampong land, the ability of the Ong family to earn a livelihood from their
family businesses of poultry slaughtering, planting of fruit trees and
hairdressing had been taken away. It is thus entirely logical that the family
would have thought about how the children could help start a business to make
a living for themselves. It is also sensible that the mother, who was in
charge of the moneys paid by the HDB as compensation for the acquisition,
would have set aside some portion of those moneys to assist in the setting up
of a new family business.

53 I thus found the evidence of SK, KG and CK to be more consistent with the
circumstances as they stood at that time. I was not helped, in general, by the
poor quality of the evidence given by the defendant. In particular, and in
this regard, he never explained why he would tender for a tenancy of an HDB
shophouse to run a hairdressing business. The undisputed evidence is that he
knew nothing about hairdressing. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Transcript, 4 September 2020, p 33 line 7.

He gave no evidence that he had discussed with his sisters about them coming
to work for him in a hairdressing business that he was planning to set up. Not
only that, the evidence before me, which was not challenged by the defendant,
is that he got on quite poorly with his siblings, in particular, SM. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

SM’s AEIC at [12].

This is relevant because it makes it quite improbable then that he would have
asked SM and that she would have agreed to work for him.

54 Significantly, the defendant also did not state in his affidavit of
evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”) that he asked for KG’s assistance to complete the
tender application form. That evidence only came out belatedly in his oral
evidence, in what I find to be a rather feeble attempt to explain away the
fact that it is KG’s handwriting which appears on the tender application form
and it was KG who was able to produce that document in these proceedings and
not the defendant. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Transcript, 4 September 2020, p 22 line 23–p 23 line 1.

This added to the general poor quality of the defendant’s evidence.

55 I come now to the evidence as to the payments for the tender and the
initial rental for the Hougang shophouse.

56 KG’s evidence is that the government had paid the total sum of between
S$150,000 to S$176,000 as compensation for the acquisition of their land in
the kampong and for the loss of their farming licence (see [9] above). She was
candid in admitting that she did not know precisely how much was received
because it was their mother who handled the finances for the family at that
time and it was their mother who had custody of the compensation moneys. She
had heard about these figures from her mother. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Transcript, 25 August 2020, p 60 lines 5–12.

She also agreed with the defendant’s counsel’s suggestion that some portion of
the compensation moneys had to be repaid to the authorities because the elder
Mr Ong had overstated the number of fruit trees that the family had
cultivated. She estimated the repayment to be in the region of S$4,000 to
S$5,000, which is based on what her father had told them. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Transcript, 25 August 2020, p 61 line 20–p 62 line 11.

57 Out of the compensation moneys received, it is common ground that a sum of
almost S$60,000 was used to pay for Unit 172, while the purchase of Unit 174
was financed completely by an HDB loan. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Transcript, 25 August 2020, p 60 lines 10–12 and p 71 lines 5–12.

Even after the cost of the renovations for the two Yishun flats, there was
still more than sufficient compensation moneys left over. CK had assisted in
doing the carpentry work for the two Yishun flats. This helped considerably in
keeping the costs of renovations for the flats within manageable limits.

58 KG’s evidence is that the Red Point business was started with funds which
came from their mother, which probably came from the balance of the
compensation moneys. Moneys were needed to renovate and fit out the commercial
space at the Hougang property from which Red Point was to operate, and also to
purchase the necessary equipment for hairdressing. Funds were also needed for
the initial payments of rent and conservancy charges to HDB and the stamp
fees, and for the deposit of three months’ rental with Far Eastern Bank so
that it would issue a guarantee to the HDB as security, which was a
requirement of the tenancy. All these funds were provided by their mother. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Transcript, 26 August 2020, p 43 lines 10–23.

59 The defendant’s evidence, on the other hand, is that he came up with the
funds to fund the start of the business and the initial tenancy payments. In
his oral evidence, he claims that he expended about S$20,000 for the start up
costs, including the amount paid to provide security for the tenancy. The
defendant also claimed, during cross-examination, that, of the sum of S$20,000
he spent, he borrowed a sum of S$5,000 from his mother and the rest were his
personal funds. He said that he saved up money from what the elder Mr Ong paid
him for assisting his father in the poultry slaughtering business in the
kampong and also from having helped out in some “renovation business”. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Transcript, 4 September 2020, p 14 line 10–p 15 line 32.

60 I find that the defendant’s evidence on this factual dispute suffers from a
number of problems. Despite his claim that he furnished the sums required for
the tenancy of the Hougang shophouse to be granted to him, he was not able to
give accurate details as to the tenancy in a number of significant respects.

61 First, the defendant confidently stated in his oral evidence that he gave a
cashier’s order of approximately S$14,000 to the HDB as the security deposit
for the tenancy. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Transcript, 4 September 2020, p 14 lines 19–29 and p 16 lines 24–28.

But, when he was confronted in cross-examination with documents showing that
no cashier’s order was given to the HDB, but instead a guarantee was provided
by Far Eastern Bank to the HDB for the amount of S$10,942, the defendant
hastily changed his evidence to say that he provided the bank with the cash so
that it would issue a guarantee to the HDB. When asked why he had so
specifically mentioned a cashier’s order earlier in his evidence, he was
unable to explain himself. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Transcript, 4 September 2020, p 17 line 17–p 18 line 31.

62 Second, the defendant was not able to even accurately state the rental
charged by the HDB for the tenancy. In his oral evidence, he claimed it was
S$3,500, 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Transcript, 4 September 2020, p 14 lines 19–22.

which is the accurate figure, but in his AEIC, he referred to a figure of
S$3,200. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

CS’s AEIC at [10].

63 Third, in his affidavit dated 25 October 2019 filed in support of his
personal protection order against his siblings, he claimed that the tenancy of
the Hougang property started in 1997, 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

BOD p 702 at [9].

when it was in fact eight years earlier, in 1989. Worse, in that same
affidavit, the defendant gave a completely wrong name for the Red Point
business as the business that would be operating at the premises. He set out
the name of the business, which he claims to have conceived, started and owned
as a sole proprietor, as “Hair & Beauty House & Trading”. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

BOD p 702 at [6].

As is obvious, there was no mention of anything even remotely close to the
name “Red Point”. No proper explanation was given for these serious
inaccuracies, other than the fact that he did not have the relevant documents
at that time. Under cross-examination, the defendant vacillated between
insisting that his said affidavit from October 2019 was correct and that, if
it was wrong, it was because he could not remember these details. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Transcript, 4 September 2020, p 8 line 3–p 10 line 28.

If indeed it is true that the defendant could not remember these rather basic
details such as the name of Red Point, the year when the tenancy started or
what was the initial rent, I find that quite remarkable for a person who
claims to be the owner of the Hougang shophouse and the sole proprietor of the
business. The critical point is that it was not simply that the defendant
could not remember these details; rather, it is that the defendant could not
keep his story straight, and he could not come up with a credible explanation
for the inconsistencies in his evidence. Instead, he continued to put up a
front and shifted from one excuse to another, as aforementioned, when he was
confronted with his inaccurate and inconsistent accounts.

64 Fourth, in his oral evidence, the defendant also claimed that he leased the
Hougang shophouse for about ten years before HDB offered to sell the property
to him. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Transcript, 4 September 2020, p 11 lines 1–29.

Again, this is way off the mark because the property was offered by the HDB
for sale to the defendant in 1995, after six years from the start of the
tenancy.

65 Fifth, the defendant was not able to furnish any evidence that he had
savings of S$15,000 or so in 1989 to be able to start the Red Point business.
He was not able to produce any documents at all, eg, in the form of bank
statements or pay slips, to show that he had the wherewithal at that time to
be able to finance the start up of the business. His evidence that his father
paid him for helping in the poultry slaughtering business is contradicted by
the evidence of CK, who testified that only their uncle was paid by their
father for helping in the business. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Transcript, 4 September 2020, p 16 lines 1–4; Transcript, 1 September 2020, p
75 lines 5–9.

I find the evidence of CK to be more credible in this regard because it is
consistent with the evidence of all the plaintiffs that all the children would
hand over their earnings to their mother for her to manage the finances of the
family communally.

66 Viewed in its totality, I find the evidence of the defendant in this regard
to be rather confusing and unsatisfactory. On the other hand, the plaintiffs
gave a coherent and consistent account that the set up of the business and the
initial payments for the Hougang shophouse was paid for from their mother’s
funds. KG’s evidence is particularly credible because she was able to provide
some documentation to show that she was involved in the process of the tender
of the tenancy for the Hougang shophouse, and the payments for the issuance of
the bank guarantee as security and the initial rental payment to HDB. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

See KG’s AEIC at [17] and Exhibit “OK-5”, pp 2–8.

67 I should point out that one of the defendant’s main arguments in his
closing submissions is that there could not have been enough moneys left over
after the expenditure on the purchase of Unit 172 and the renovations to the
two Yishun flats for their mother to come up with any other moneys for the
tenancy of the Hougang shophouse and the start of Red Point’s business. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

DCS at [19] and [25].

However, I find that this argument proceeds on the flawed premise that the
parents had no savings of their own at all. Even if I were to assume that the
elder Mr Ong had frittered away what he earned from the poultry slaughtering
business because he was a gambler, it was unchallenged that the mother also
did extra jobs at the kampong as a cleaner and washerwoman. KG, who shared a
joint account with her mother, gave evidence that her mother had approximately
S$40,000 in savings. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Transcript, 26 August 2020, p 36 lines 2–4.

That being the case, I am not prepared to accept the defendant’s suggestion
that his mother had no savings of her own. I thus accept the plaintiffs’
evidence that their mother provided the initial funds for the tenancy of the
Hougang shophouse from the HDB and the setting up of the Red Point business.

Purchase of the Hougang property

68 As already mentioned, in April 1995, the HDB offered the defendant, who was
the existing tenant, the opportunity to purchase the Hougang shophouse. KG’s
evidence is that she discussed the matter with her mother and siblings, and a
collective decision was made to take up the offer to purchase the property.
She was the one who replied to HDB to indicate that the defendant was
interested in buying the property. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

KG’s AEIC at [41].

Her handwriting appears on the form “APPLICATION TO PURCHASE EXISTING HDB
SHOP”, which she was able to produce to the Court. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

KG’s AEIC at Exhibit “OK-5”, pp 658–660.

She not only filled in the defendant’s name, but also signed on the
defendant’s behalf. KG also used her own money, in the amount of S$515, to
purchase a money order for the administrative fee that had to accompany the
application. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

KG’s AEIC at [41].

69 KG testified that she did think, when she was filling up the application
form, whether it was necessary to include all the family members as registered
owners for the Hougang shophouse, but thought it was probably fine to have the
property registered solely in the name of the defendant given that the whole
family knew that this was considered a “family property”. The purchase was
thus completed with the defendant as the sole registered owner. It was
financed by a loan for 100% of the purchase price by Hong Leong Finance, which
KG arranged on her own without any involvement of the defendant, save that he
was asked to sign the relevant documents in relation to the housing loan and
the mortgage. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

KG’s AEIC at [15] and [41].

70 The defendant’s evidence is that he made the decision to purchase the
Hougang shophouse on his own, without consulting his family members, because
he was the sole registered tenant of the property. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

CS’s AEIC at [10] and [15].

However, the defendant’s evidence was again wanting in several respects. In
his affidavit made in support of his personal protection order application, he
claimed that the HDB offered the property for sale to him in 2007, which is
more than 12 years after the property was registered in his name as the sole
owner. In that same affidavit, he also wrongly stated that S$870,000 was the
purchase price, when the correct figure was S$782,000. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

BOD p 702 at [9].

He could not give any coherent explanation as to why, at the time of the
making of that affidavit in October 2019, he could not state accurately when
he purchased the Hougang shophouse and how much the sale price was, again
other than saying that he did not have the relevant documents. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Transcript, 4 September 2020, p 11 line 1–p 12 line 8.

The defendant did not give any evidence that he ever purchased any other
property in Singapore. That would mean that the acquisition of the Hougang
shophouse was the one and only time in his life that he was buying a property,
if his evidence is to be believed. If so, I find it surprising, to say the
least, that he would not be able to remember what was the purchase price of
the Hougang shophouse.

Payments of the mortgage loan instalments for the Hougang shophouse

71 I now turn to the issue of who paid for the mortgage loan instalments for
the Hougang shophouse. I first set out the legal principles on whether
mortgage payments may be taken into consideration for the purposes of
presuming a resulting trust, which were considered by the Court of Appeal in
Su Emmanuel v Emmanuel Priya Ethel Anne and another [2016] 3 SLR 1222 (“Su
Emmanuel”) and Lau Siew Kim v Yeo Guan Chye Terence and another [2008] 2
SLR(R) 108 (“Lau Siew Kim”).

72 The resulting trust crystallises at the time the property is acquired.
Thus, the extent of the parties’ beneficial interests under a resulting trust
must be determined at the time the property is purchased: Lau Siew Kim at
[112]–[113] and [117]. To determine the direct contributions to the
acquisition of a property when a mortgage is taken out, the crucial
consideration is the parties’ intentions, at the time the property was
acquired, as to the ultimate source of the funds for the purchase of that
property. Actual mortgage payments made at a later time would therefore only
count as direct contributions to the purchase price where these were referable
to, and in keeping with, a prior agreement between the parties as to who would
be liable to repay.

73 Many factors are engaged in the determination of the precise agreement or
understanding between the parties as to who would repay the mortgage, and the
focus should not lie exclusively on who took on liability for the mortgage as
against the bank. In this regard, subsequent conduct may be relevant to the
extent that it sheds light on such an agreement (if any) between the co-
owners: Su Emmanuel at [87]–[90]. Furthermore, if the objective evidence does
not demonstrate that parties reached a clear agreement, a court would not be
precluded from determining the parties’ rights based on some common intention
or understanding, and the actual loan repayments can be relied on as the
manifestation of the parties’ intention as to the extent to which each source
of funds was to be used to repay the loan: Tan Yok Koon v Tan Choo Suan and
another and other appeals [2017] 1 SLR 654 at [153] and [160].

74 Therefore, I have to assess who the parties agreed, at the time when the
mortgage was taken out, would be paying for the mortgage for the Hougang
shophouse. Subsequent mortgage instalment payments can only count towards the
resulting trust analysis if they are consistent with the parties’ original
agreement on who should pay for the mortgage.

75 KG’s account in her evidence is the most helpful in this regard. She gave
evidence that the mortgage for the Hougang shophouse was serviced by transfers
from her personal UOB bank account, and the monies in this account “mainly”
came from income generated by Red Point. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

KG’s AEIC at [42]–[43].

76 In addition, KG also gave evidence that shows that the sub-tenant rental
was used to pay for the mortgage payments. She was the sole person in charge
of procuring the sub-tenants for the commercial spaces on the first floor of
the Hougang shophouse, apart from the space occupied by Red Point. She applied
to the HDB for permission to partition the first floor into four commercial
spaces, one of which would be retained for use by Red Point. She advertised
for sub-tenants. She denied that the defendant played any role in any of these
tasks. Also, unlike the defendant, KG was able to identify the sub-tenants
that occupied the spaces over the years, the various types of businesses they
carried out, and the amount of rental they paid. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

KG’s AEIC at [47]–[48]; Transcript, 26 August 2020, p 18 line 19–p 26 line 22.

77 KG also gave evidence that, right from the start, she was also the one who
was in charge of collecting the rent from the sub-tenants. She estimated that
the amount of rent collected from the sub-tenants totalled the amount of
approximately S$5,300 monthly. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Transcript, 26 August 2020, p 26 lines 23–29.

This was sufficient to pay for the monthly rental to the HDB at the time when
the Hougang shophouse was still leased. I find that the rental collected from
the sub-tenants was also generally sufficient to pay the monthly mortgage
payments to Hong Leong Finance, which was about S$4,300 per month.

78 I should add that it was KG who produced the receipts for the various
mortgage payments in these proceedings, and not the defendant. She was
responsible for and made all these payments monthly to Hong Leong Finance. In
this regard, she paid the monthly mortgage instalments to Hong Leong Finance
from the funds in her personal UOB account. She had regularly deposited cash
and other payments due to Red Point into her UOB account. KG also often
deposited the amounts she collected from the sub-tenants as rental into her
UOB account. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

KG’s AEIC at [42] and [48].

That being the case, I can only infer that the sub-tenants must have either
often paid in cash or, if by cheque, KG must have told them to make the cheque
out to her personal name.

79 KG explained in her evidence that she had this arrangement of making such
deposits into her UOB account solely out of convenience because Red Point kept
an account with OCBC, but UOB had a branch that was closer to where she lived.
Hence, it was more convenient for her to travel to the UOB branch to do her
deposits. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Transcript, 26 August 2020, p 63 lines 1–8; KG’s AEIC at [43].

The payments of the mortgage instalments directly from the funds in KG’s UOB
account carried on until 2011.

80 KG approached OCBC in 2010 to seek a refinancing of the housing loan for
the Hougang shophouse. It was her personal decision to do so after learning
from friends that OCBC provided better interest rates on housing loans. She
got the defendant to sign the necessary documents for the refinancing by OCBC
to take place. The arrangement where she would make payments of the mortgage
loan instalments, now to OCBC, directly from funds in her personal UOB account
carried on. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

KG’s AEIC at [44]; Transcript, 26 August 2020, p 33 lines 21–29.

81 In 2012, she arranged for the defendant to open an account with OCBC. She
would then regularly transfer moneys from her personal UOB account to the
defendant’s OCBC account, and the monthly instalments would be deducted by
OCBC from that latter account to service the mortgage instalments. Throughout
all this time, KG continued to deposit the cash takings of the Red Point
business and the sub-tenant rental for the Hougang shophouse into her personal
UOB account. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

KG’s AEIC at [44]; Transcript, 26 August 2020, p 34 lines 2–24.

It is a matter of common sense that not all the takings of Red Point nor all
the sub-tenant rental received would have been paid into her personal UOB
account because some portion would have been kept as cash for the day to day
functioning of the Red Point business. I infer that some portion would have
also been paid into Red Point’s account with OCBC.

82 I should point out that KG also testified that, on occasion, she had
transferred sums from the joint account she held with her mother to the
defendant’s OCBC account, totalling the amount of approximately S$17,000, in
order to meet the mortgage instalments. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

KG’s AEIC at [46] and Exhibit “OKG-5”, p 793; Transcript, 25 August 2020, p 47
line 28–p 48 line 32; PCB pp 7, 9, and 12.

She said that she would do this when the Red Point revenues and the sub-tenant
rental were insufficient to pay the mortgage instalments. However, it was not
explained how and when the sub-tenant rental, or the earnings generated by Red
Point, would ever be insufficient to pay the mortgage instalments in respect
of the Hougang shophouse. In my judgment, it is more likely to be the case
that KG simply used whatever funds that were available at her disposal to make
payments of the mortgage instalments. It may be that she might on occasion
have used the moneys from her joint account with her mother to make the
payments, but I find that most of the payments were from moneys that can be
traced back to the sub-tenant rental from the Hougang shophouse and Red
Point’s business.

83 It is significant that KG’s evidence as to how she procured the refinancing
of the loan and how she arranged for the payments of the monthly mortgage
instalments was not seriously challenged in cross-examination. The defendant’s
main focus in his case on the issue of payments of the mortgage instalments is
that the sub-tenant rental was sufficient to pay for the mortgage payments to
Hong Leong Finance and later OCBC. Since he claims to be the sole owner of the
Hougang shophouse, these were funds that were entirely his. As such, the
defendant submits that this is a situation where the Court should find that he
made all the payments for the purchase of the Hougang shophouse.

84 None of the parties gave any evidence as to the arrangements for the
payment of the mortgage instalments at the time the Hong Leong Finance
mortgage was taken out, and also later when it was replaced by the OCBC
mortgage. To my mind, there was no explicit discussion on this issue because
it was understood that the earnings of Red Point and the sub-tenancy rental
income would be sources of funds for the payment of the mortgage instalments.
The defendant must have known that, and hence he left it to KG to handle
matters and took no interest in how payments were effected and where precisely
each payment came from. I find that this arrangement between the defendant and
KG was arrived at when the Hong Leong Finance mortgage was created, and
subsequently it was expected to continue when KG refinanced the loan with OCBC
and the latter’s mortgage was created. The payments that were made by KG were
consistent with this arrangement.

85 Further, from my analysis above, I find that there is sufficient evidence
as to how the Hougang shophouse was paid for. It was paid from a mixed fund,
which comprised mostly the sub-tenant rental and Red Point’s takings, although
it appears not possible on the evidence before me to say what proportion of
the payments came from which source of funds. Even if the Court is to proceed
on the assumption that the mortgage payments could and should have been paid
for entirely by the sub-tenant rental, but for the conduct of KG in mixing the
sub-tenant rental with earnings from Red Point, the issue of the legal
entitlement to that sub-tenant rental remains unresolved. It ultimately
depends on whether there was a common intention, express or inferred, at the
time the Hougang shophouse was acquired, that the property would be owned
equally by the Ong siblings and thus that the defendant would only hold the
property as a trustee. I turn now to that issue.

Was there a common intention that the Hougang property would be owned by the
Ong siblings?

86 To determine if there is sufficient evidence of an express or an inferred
common intention that the parties should hold the beneficial interest in the
property in a different proportion from their respective financial
contributions to the property’s purchase price, the evidence must be
sufficient and compelling: Su Emmanuel at [83].

87 In my judgment, what is clear from a holistic examination of the evidence
before me is that the Ong family treated the compensation moneys paid for the
acquisition of their kampong land as a communal or family fund to pay for the
expenses of the Ong family and to set up businesses for the benefit of the
family. Consequently, I find that, on a balance of probabilities, the Ong
siblings always shared a common intention that they shall have equal
beneficial shares in the Hougang shophouse and, more importantly, its sale
proceeds. I will set out what I consider to be the key considerations which
have led me to this conclusion.

88 First, the evidence shows quite clearly that the Ong family treated the two
Yishun flats as assets that would ultimately be shared by all the Ong
siblings. This is relevant because the two flats were acquired mainly from the
proceeds of the compensation given by the authorities, and it appears to me
that the parties treated those Yishun flats not much differently from the
Hougang shophouse.

89 For Unit 172, the purchase price of approximately S$60,000 was paid
outright entirely from the compensation moneys. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

KG’s AEIC at [20].

It was initially in the names of the two parents, but after the father passed
away in 1994, SM was added as a registered co-owner with the mother. When
their mother passed away in 2016, SM became the sole registered owner (see
[14] above). That flat is now rented out and the rental collected by SM is
paid into an account held by KG, which holds the Ong “family funds”. There is
no dispute between the Ong siblings that Unit 172 is beneficially owned by
them in equal shares.

90 For Unit 174, the flat was registered in the name of the defendant and CK.
The purchase price of approximately S$60,000 was 100% financed by a loan from
the HDB (see [10] above). As was the case for Unit 172, the renovations for
Unit 174 were paid for by their mother. KG gave unchallenged evidence that the
monthly loan instalments for the flat was paid for by the mother over time
from the compensation moneys received. When CK withdrew as a registered owner
in 1999, he was replaced by SK. It is not disputed that SK then paid the sum
of S$39,267.15 out of her own funds, which was the balance of the outstanding
loan owed to HDB. The defendant does not claim to have paid any moneys towards
the acquisition of Unit 174. While the unit is today registered in the names
of the defendant and SK, the Ong siblings do not dispute that the property is
beneficially owned by all of them in equal shares. Even SK, who I find appears
to have paid more than 50% of the purchase price from her own savings, does
not dispute that Unit 174 is owned by all the siblings in equal shares.

91 Furthermore, and this is significant, it is evident from the siblings’
testimony that it was always intended that the Hougang shophouse was meant as
a shared fund meant for their retirement.

(a) As KG explained in her oral evidence: 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Transcript, 26 August 2020, p 35 line 27–p 36 line 8; p 46 lines 18–22.

Court: No, what---why do you say that he doesn’t own it, why do you say he
doesn’t own it when it’s in his name? Did he ever say to you that he would---
he’s holding it---he’s just holding it in his name, but actually, it belongs
to the whole family?

A: Right from the beginning, he already knew that we were only using his name.

Court: But why do you say that, why do you say he knew?

A: Because, right from the beginning, when we wanted to tender for the
shophouse, my mother told us that she had some savings, she had about $40,000.
She told us not to work for anybody else but to run our own business, such
that we could derive or save up the income from this business and use it for
our pension as our pension fund. I’m sorry, I would like to correct that, my
mum told me not to work for others.

…

Q: Alright. Now, madam, from the commencement of business for Red Point Hair
Beauty, Ong Chai Soon has been the … sole proprietor and you and two sisters -
… Sor Kim and Sor Mui, you---and yourself were employees. Do you agree?

A: In writing, yes. But, in reality, we are not.

Q: Correct. And … each of you derived a salary and CPF payment …
proportionately each month. Is that correct?

A: Yes. But we were only receiving a meagre sum of salary plus CPF
contribution because this was meant to be a family business. What we are
getting was just sufficient for our own use. Our mother’s intention was such
that eventually when we grow old, we could sell off this property and use the
sale proceeds as our pension fund.

[emphasis added]

(b) As KG and the other sisters said at the family meeting on 25 June 2017: 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Lee Mui Lin’s AEIC at pp 120, 135, 152, 166–167.

KG/CK: We keep giving you chances. We continued to struggle, despite getting
on in years ourselves. We have to resolve this issue today. We kept on
struggling because we could continue to have our monthly salaries and we’re
able to cover our costs. But we’re aging, we don’t want to continue
struggling. We want to retire. The oldest is 60 years old. I’m the youngest
sister and I’m already 51 years old. Why do we keep on struggling and
stressing ourselves? We are all getting old now. I’m telling you [defendant],
to stop!

…

CK: Today, everybody is disappointed in you to be honest. Actually I had
thought we could continue with the family business because you are over 50
years old, 60 years old and have not married, neither has elder sister gotten
married. If you don’t have a job, you will not have any income for living
expenses, I understand. At this age, we should be able to enjoy our semi
retirement. Mother has passed on. If we can continue with the business we
should continue. With the money made, you could use it for retirement, we
could buy a flat in Yishun. We can rent it out, as well as rent this Hougang
flat out. We don’t know if you will both be physically dependent as well.

…

KG/Sisters: I can no longer struggle on the job, I don’t have the energy. This
is retirement money.

…

KG/Sisters: But you cannot ask for more than $2,000. And you are not allowed
to interfere with how I/we raise this cash, whether we rent the properties, or
raise the money through external financing. We will give It to you. We don’t
mind taking less for ourselves. We will rather use less, and we can enjoy our
retirement. We don’t need to stress. And you are not allowed to pick on anyone
for any unsatisfactory work issue.

[emphasis added]

(c) Soh Wei Ling (“Wei Ling”), KG’s daughter, was also present at the family
meeting on 25 June 2017. Wei Ling testified that: 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Transcript, 1 September 2020, p 32 line 28–p 33 line 7; p 37 lines 14–24.

Court: What was being said at the meeting?

A: How like the---the Hougang property, Your Honour, was supposed to be, like,
a retirement plan for all of them. So when it comes a day when my mother,
like, is unable to work anymore because she has, like, occupational hazard.
Her---her arm always keep getting numb. So she says, like, we all can plan to
sell the Hougang property and then the proceeds will be the retirement fund
for everyone.

Court: And what did the defendant say to that?

A: He---during the meeting, he always escapes the topic, Your Honour. So he---
he will always change the topic here and there, yah.

…

Court: So can you answer the question now which is, you know, can you tell us
what is the context you’re referring to in relation to the discussions about
the property?

A: Okay. So, from about 1 minute, the part where he tore the paper, so my
mother gave him a choice of whether or not he either say he wanted … to share
the Hougang property and then if he had plans to share the property then they
will stop the Red Point salon and then they will rent the Hougang property
until at a later age when they are reaching the retirement age then they will
sell the property and like take care of everyone using the proceeds.

[emphasis added]

92 From my review of the evidence, it is quite clear that the Ong siblings
shared a common intention that the Hougang shophouse was to function as an
income generating asset for them. They derived income from the rental
collected from the sub-tenants and from the Red Point business that carried on
its business from the premises. While it was intended that the plaintiffs
should own shares in the Hougang shophouse, it was certainly not envisaged
that they would all reside at the premises for the long term, given the
abysmal state of the relationship between the defendant and some of his
siblings. Instead, the common intention was that, at some stage, when the
siblings could no longer work and make a living for themselves, the shophouse
would be sold and the sale proceeds distributed equally to each of them as a
“nest egg” for their retirement.

93 Second, I accept the evidence of the plaintiffs that Red Point was started
by using the funds of their mother and the compensation moneys and that Red
Point was intended by their mother to be a family business to be operated for
the benefit of all the Ong siblings. KG’s evidence is clear and cogent as to
the tender of the tenancy of the Hougang shophouse, setting up of the
business, the choice of “Red Point” as a name and their mother’s intentions.
On the other hand, the defendant’s claim to be the sole owner of Red Point
business was so lacking in credibility and substance that I have no hesitation
in rejecting it.

94 As I already noted, the defendant could not, in his affidavit made in
October 2019, even name the hairdressing business accurately. This lack of
knowledge of even basic facts about the business is consistent with the
evidence of KG, SK and SM that he was never involved in the business of Red
Point at all. KG was the de facto “boss” of the salon. KG set the salaries for
herself and for SK and SM, without having to consult or check with the
defendant. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

KG’s AEIC at [29].

She managed all the finances and maintained the accounts. She operated Red
Point’s bank account with OCBC. Even though the defendant was named as an
account signatory because the business was registered in his name, the
undisputed evidence is that he never once attempted to operate Red Point’s
bank account, or even examined Red Point’s bank statements.

95 The defendant claims in his evidence that the Red Point business belonged
to him and he had set it up for his sisters, KG, SK and SM, to work as his
employees. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

CS’s AEIC at [32].

I find this to be inherently improbable given the poor relationship he had
with them, particularly with SM. I also find that the defendant’s complete
unfamiliarity with the details of the business, for instance, the salaries of
his sisters, or whether the business was turning a profit or loss over the
years, or who prepared the accounts of the business, makes it highly unlikely
that he is the true owner of the business. He claims that he left it to his
sisters to pay themselves the market rate for employees in a hairdressing
salon. But, when cross-examined as to what those market rates would be, the
defendant was at a loss for words. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Transcript, 4 September 2020, p 44 line 15–p 45 line 30.

Needless to say, I find it very unlikely that an owner of a hairdressing
business would not know what the market rate of salaries paid to hairdressers
are.

96 I do not accept the defendant’s evidence that he entrusted the business
entirely to KG to run but ultimately remained the “boss”. There is no evidence
at all that KG reported to him as to how the business was doing. Rather, this
was a case that the business was simply registered in his name and thereafter
he took no part at all, save to sign documents when he was asked to do so by
KG. What I find most telling is the unchallenged evidence that the defendant
would approach KG to ask for cash from time to time. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

KG’s AEIC at [34].

KG would then pass cash to the defendant from the earnings of Red Point. In my
judgment, this showed that it was not KG who reported to the defendant as the
owner of the business. Rather, it was the defendant approaching KG as the
“custodian” of the family funds, to ask for some portion of the family funds
to be given to him from time to time.

97 In my view, if the defendant were the true owner of Red Point, he would at
the very least have examined the finances and the accounts of the business
from time to time. However, it is not disputed that he never did so. Instead,
this was the domain of KG, who took care of the finances of Red Point and
arranged for the accounts to be prepared every year.

98 KG also gave evidence that the earnings from Red Point was used as part of
the Ong family funds to pay for family expenses, such as holidays for the
siblings and their families, the medical expenses of their parents, and the
funeral expenses of their father. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

KG’s AEIC at [36]–[39].

I rejected the defendant’s evidence as being untruthful that he was unaware of
the use of Red Point’s earnings for these purposes until during the course of
these legal proceedings. He claimed in his oral evidence that, had he known of
the use of Red Point’s moneys as a family fund, he would have objected to it.
75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Transcript, 4 September 2020, p 35 line 24 – p 39 line 21.

But this assertion is an entirely hollow one because the defendant has taken
no steps in these legal proceedings or in any other proceedings to get KG to
account for the use of Red Point’s moneys. In my judgment, the defendant has
shown through his conduct that he knew the earnings of Red Point was treated
as family funds and properly utilised as such.

99 In all the circumstances, I find that there is overwhelming evidence to
support the plaintiffs’ contention that the parties’ intention was always that
the Red Point business was a family business and the profits generated
therefrom belonged to the Ong siblings in equal shares.

100 Third, the conduct of the siblings in relation to the Hougang shophouse is
also consistent with there being a common intention that it was to be shared
beneficially by all the Ong siblings, and that, at some later stage, the
shophouse would be sold and the sale proceeds shared equally by them.

101 KG, SK and SM all worked at Red Point for 28 years taking relatively
meagre salaries. To illustrate, KG’s last drawn salary before the business
shuttered was S$1,200, SK’s was S$1,000 and SM’s was $600. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

KG’s AEIC at [30].

The gist of their evidence is that this was because they regarded Red Point as
a family business and they believed that the earnings of Red Point would be
pooled with the family funds and used, amongst other things, to service the
mortgage loan on the Hougang shophouse. Put simply, they regarded the property
as a family asset for which they owned a part, and they were happy to
contribute to its payment.

102 On this particular issue, I will also add that the defendant blatantly
lied in his oral evidence when he claimed that he had an arrangement with KG,
SK and SM where they would take a 70% share of the revenue generated by the
business, and he would bear the costs of the business from the 30% share that
remained. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Transcript, 4 September 2020, p 60 lines 15–21 and p 84 lines 3–19.

He said this in an attempt to justify the low salaries that his sisters were
drawing from the business and claims that they were “sharing profits” of Red
Point with him. However, on further questioning, the defendant then conceded
that there was in fact no such arrangement. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Transcript, 4 September 2020, p 84 line 20–p 86 line 13.

I find it unacceptable that he would attempt to mislead the Court in this way.

103 As for CK, he helped in the renovations and fitting out of the space which
Red Point would occupy. He did the carpentry work, like he did for the Yishun
flats. His evidence is that he was happy to contribute because he regarded Red
Point and the Hougang property as family assets. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

CK’s AEIC at [9]–[10].

104 As for the defendant, I have already dealt with the evidence (at [70]
above) where, in an earlier affidavit filed in October 2019, he could not even
state which year the Hougang shophouse was acquired from HDB or accurately set
out the purchase price. He did not have in his possession the relevant
documents relating to the purchase of the property or its financing. The
evidence before me was also quite clear that he did not know how the mortgage
instalments were being paid, or the source of funds of each payment. He could
not name the sub-tenants of the first floor of the property, or how much rent
they paid. He did not collect the rent from these sub-tenants. He only handled
the letting out of a room on the second floor of the property, which was
illegally tenanted to an employment agency for a period of time. It is common
ground that the defendant lived on a room on the second floor of the property.
KG’s evidence is that the defendant wanted to rent out one of the other rooms
on the second floor to one of his friends. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Transcript, 26 August 2020, p 26 lines 3–9.

105 The defendant had his own businesses apart from the family business at Red
Point. In this regard, he claims to be involved in some businesses involving
the sale of birds’ nests and honey. The plaintiffs also gave evidence that, at
some point, the defendant was an illegal bookie for horse racing and ran into
trouble with the law because of that and, as a result, needed some financial
help from his siblings. The plaintiffs’ evidence in this regard was not
disputed. The point here is that the defendant was never involved at all in
the affairs concerning the management of the Hougang shophouse or Red Point,
and was busy with his own matters. As already stated, he also did not himself
make any direct financial contributions to the payment of the mortgage loan
for the Hougang shophouse, although he insisted that any payments from the
sub-tenant rental or Red Point’s earnings should be regarded as payments from
him.

106 What I found rather remarkable was the fact that the defendant did not
even know that CK started operating his audio equipment business from a part
of the commercial space used by Red Point from sometime in the mid-1990s. CK’s
evidence is that KG agreed to let him use some of the space in Red Point’s
premises to carry out his audio equipment business. This arrangement carried
on until 2017. CK did not pay any rent. According to CK’s evidence, the
defendant’s consent was not sought for this arrangement. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

CK’s AEIC at [12].

This is entirely consistent with the fact that the defendant did not know when
CK started operating his business at the Hougang shophouse. In my view, this
showed how uninvolved and uninterested the defendant was in the dealings
involving the Hougang shophouse over the years, and is consistent with the
plaintiffs’ contention that he did not act in any manner which showed that he
believed that he was the sole owner of the property.

107 In my judgment, an assessment of the totality of the evidence shows that
the plaintiffs’ contention is correct. The defendant’s conduct is entirely
consistent with his belief that the Hougang shophouse was part of the pool of
family assets. I accept that there is no direct evidence that the Ong siblings
and their mother had collectively met to discuss and agree that the Hougang
property should be held by the defendant on trust for the Ong siblings at the
time when the HDB offered the property for sale to the defendant in 1995.
However, in my view, there is sufficient evidence as set out above which shows
quite clearly that the acquisition of the Hougang shophouse in 1995 was
intended for the Ong family as a whole. It was intended to be a family asset,
just like the two Yishun flats and Red Point’s business, for the benefit of
the second generation of the Ong siblings. It was intended that, at some later
time, the shophouse would be sold and the sale proceeds shared equally so that
each of the siblings would have a “retirement fund”. This intention was known
to and shared by all the Ong siblings, including the defendant, whose conduct
throughout the years was consistent with the fact that he did not own the
Hougang shophouse beneficially but that it was owned by the family as a whole.

108 I thus find that the plaintiffs have established their case that the
Hougang shophouse and its sale proceeds is subject to a common intention
constructive trust where the true beneficial owners are the plaintiffs and the
defendant in six equal shares.

109 Finally, for completeness, I note that there were a few instances in 2018
when the defendant attempted to start to assert control over the Hougang
Shophouse and Red Point. For example, on 25 January 2018, the defendant
entered the Hougang shophouse and asked KG, SK, and SM to pay him rent. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

KG’s AEIC at [65]; BOD p 748 at [69].

That same day, the defendant told KG, SK, and SM to move out of the Hougang
shophouse, and even called the police that day when KG, SK, and SM did not
move out (and no further action has been taken by the police). 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

BOD pp 748–750 at [71]–[76].

The defendant also removed KG as the authorised signatory to Red Point’s bank
account in or around January 2018. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

CS’s AEIC at [42].

However, in my judgment, it is the defendant’s conduct over the years that is
relevant and probative, and not the conduct after the family meeting on 25
June 2017 and when he had already consulted lawyers. Such post meeting
conduct, after the dispute had erupted, would obviously be self-serving and
unreliable as indicative of the defendant’s true intentions.

Was there a resulting trust?

110 As explained, I have examined the financial contributions to the payments
on the mortgage loan in respect of the Hougang shophouse. Factually, it was
paid for from a mixed pool of funds, comprising the sub-tenant rental and the
earnings from Red Point. As I have found that the Hougang shophouse belonged
beneficially to the Ong siblings, the sub-tenant rental would also
beneficially belong to them. I have already found that Red Point was a family
business, where the earnings would be applied for the benefit of all members
of the family. It follows that the Hougang shophouse was paid for entirely by
funds that belonged beneficially to the Ong siblings. This conclusion is
dependent on my finding that there was a common intention shared by the entire
family that the Hougang shophouse would be owned beneficially by the Ong
siblings. As such, it would be circular to apply a resulting trust analysis to
the Hougang shophouse and I do not propose to do so. In any event, there is no
need for me to apply any such analysis given that the resulting trust claim is
the plaintiffs’ alternative claim, and I have found that there is a common
intention constructive trust over the Hougang shophouse for the benefit of all
the plaintiffs and the defendant.

111 For completeness, I note that, even on a resulting trust analysis, there
would be a resulting trust in favour of all the Ong siblings equally. It is
amply evident from my foregoing analysis that the evidence shows that the
parties made equal financial contributions to the purchase price of the
property. The Hougang shophouse was completely financed by mortgages. Applying
the considerations at [72] to [73] above here, I note that, while the
mortgages (Hong Leong Finance and OCBC) were in the name of the defendant, KG
was the one who took charge of arranging for the mortgage instalments to be
serviced, and KG primarily used a mix of funds from Red Point and the sub-
tenant rental to pay for the mortgages. This is a clear manifestation of the
parties’ intentions on the source of funds to repay the mortgage loan: the
moneys from Red Point and the sub-tenant rental were meant to be beneficially
owned by the Ong siblings equally, so the fact that KG always used these funds
to pay the mortgages, and that she did so without protest from any of the
other Ong siblings, shows that the parties always agreed, at the time the
mortgages were taken out, for them to share the burden of paying for the
mortgages.

112 While KG did give evidence that she occasionally had to use moneys from
her joint bank account with her mother to pay for the mortgages, she was also
clear in her evidence that this was somewhat of a last resort for her when the
funds from Red Point and the sub-tenant rental ran out. Therefore, the
parties’ common intention, at the time the mortgages were taken out, was
always for them to pay for the mortgages equally. To the extent that some of
the mortgage payments may have been made using moneys from KG’s and her
mother’s joint bank account, these payments should be disregarded for the
resulting trust analysis because they are not in keeping with the parties’
inferred intention, at the time the mortgages were taken out, as to who should
pay for the mortgages.

113 On this basis, it is clear that the parties had equal financial
contributions to the payment of the Hougang shophouse, and so, if it were
necessary for me to presume a resulting trust, I would have done so in favour
of the parties in equal shares.

The family meeting on 25 June 2017

114 The plaintiffs also rely on the family meeting document that was signed by
the defendant on 25 June 2017 as an acknowledgement by him that he held the
Hougang shophouse on trust for the Ong siblings. The family meeting document,
titled as an “Agreement”, is brief and states the following: 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

PCB p 13.

AGREEMENT

I, Ong Chai Soon … agree to share the following properties under my name with
all of my siblings equally as the following properties were financially
supported by late mother, Ang Mong Kwa, prior to her passing:

1\. [The Hougang shophouse]

2\. [Unit 174]

My five siblings are Ong Sor Kim …, Ong Soh Ai …, Ong Sor Mui …, Ong Chai Koon
…, Ong Kim Geok …

I agree to acknowledge that my siblings and I have an equal say in the matters
of the mentioned properties.

In the event of selling the mentioned properties, I agree to divide the
proceeds equally among my siblings and I.

115 Strictly speaking, it is unnecessary for me to consider this family
meeting document, because I have found a common intention constructive trust
(and, alternatively, a resulting trust) without reliance on this document.
Nevertheless, for completeness, let me now consider the defendant’s various
objections to the plaintiffs’ reliance on this document.

Lack of consideration

116 First, the defendant’s objection that there is a lack of consideration
which renders the document unenforceable can be quickly disposed of. This
submission rests on a misunderstanding of the plaintiffs’ case. While I accept
that the plaintiffs’ statement of claim terms the family meeting document as
an “Agreement”, 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

SOC Amd 2 at [18].

a proper reading of the statement of claim will show that the plaintiffs did
not plead that the family meeting document evidenced or gave rise to an
enforceable contract.

117 Any possible confusion caused by the plaintiffs’ pleadings had been
clarified when counsel for the plaintiffs delivered his opening address. It
was stated that the plaintiffs rely on the document as “a memorandum in which
the Defendant acknowledges the parties’ common intention over the Hougang
Property”, and the plaintiffs “implore” the Court to “regard the [family
meeting document] as incontrovertible evidence that the [d]efendant was aware
of and had acquiesced to the [common intention constructive trust] over the
Hougang [shophouse]”. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

Plaintiffs’ opening statement dated 17 August 2020 at [40]–[41].

In other words, the plaintiffs are not relying on the document as an
independent contract that gives rise to enforceable legal rights between the
plaintiffs and the defendant. The family meeting document is part of the
corpus of evidence that the plaintiffs are relying on to support their
position that the defendant is fully aware that the Hougang shophouse is an
asset that is owned beneficially by all the Ong siblings. That being the case,
the doctrine of consideration has no application to this case.

Duress

118 Second, the defendant submits that he was the subject of duress because
there were threats of physical violence made against him at the family
meeting; he was physically manhandled; and also prevented from leaving the
property when he tried to do so. The defendant pleaded that the family meeting
document is thus “null and void” as his signature was “obtained by force”. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

Defence Amd 2 at [19].

119 First, the defendant’s case on duress was poorly thought out and legally
flawed. It is trite that duress does not render a contract “null and void”;
rather, it renders the contract voidable so that the party who entered into a
contract as a result of duress may rescind the contract (see, eg, Tam Tak
Chuen v Khairul bin Abdul Rahman and others [2009] 2 SLR(R) 240 at [50],
citing Nelson Enonchong, Duress, Undue Influence and Unconscionable Dealing
(Sweet & Maxwell, 2006) at para 3-022). In any event, as I have already found,
the family meeting document is not a standalone contract, and the plaintiffs
are also not seeking to enforce it as a contract. Thus, the defendant’s
attempt to void the family meeting document on the basis of duress is legally
misconceived.

120 Second, to the extent that the defendant is seeking to submit that the
family meeting document is unreliable as evidence of his intentions because
the defendant was forced to sign it, I find, on a balance of probabilities,
that the defendant signed the document willingly and voluntarily. I have
carefully reviewed the various accounts given by the witnesses who were
present at the meeting, which included all the Ong siblings, CK’s wife and
KG’s daughter. I have also listened to the more than 2½ hour audio recording
of the meeting that was made by KG, where the persons present spoke mostly in
Hokkien, with some Mandarin. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

See Lee Mui Lin’s AEIC at pp 23–206 for the transcript of the audio recording.

121 At the start of the meeting, things were quite heated because a number of
family issues were raised, including the ownership of the Hougang shophouse.
At approximately the 1½ hour mark, his siblings accused the defendant of lying
to SK to get her to help clean Unit 174. The defendant got agitated and went
upstairs to the second floor of the Hougang shophouse. He then tried to leave
the gate at the second floor but was prevented from leaving by CK. He tried to
strike CK with his arm but was prevented from doing so by SA. This was the
moment where the defendant claimed he was manhandled and physically restrained
from leaving the property. His siblings all told the defendant to stay because
they wanted to sort out all their family issues. He then stayed on to carry on
discussing things with them. At approximately the 2½ hour mark, the defendant
signed the family meeting document that had been prepared in advance by KG’s
daughter.

122 In my judgment, the evidence falls well short of showing that the
defendant was subject to duress when he signed the document. I did not hear
any threats of physical violence against the defendant in the audio recording.
In fact, under cross-examination, when shown the transcript and the absence of
any threats of physical harm to him, the defendant conceded this. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

Transcript, 3 September 2020, p 88 lines 12–18.

Quite the contrary, from the audio recording, the defendant often appeared to
be the aggressor in the way he spoke to his siblings. When voices were raised
against him, he was more than capable of responding loudly himself and hurling
his own accusations against his siblings. In short, it appeared to me that he
was quite capable of holding his own. It is true that there was some kind of
physical altercation when the defendant tried to leave the property from the
second floor gate. But I do not accept the defendant’s evidence that he was
physically hurt in the process. There was no medical evidence before me that
showed that the defendant suffered any injury. More significantly, after that
confrontation, things calmed down over further discussions.

123 In his oral evidence, the defendant claimed that he was told that he could
not leave the premises until he signed the document presented to him by KG. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

Transcript, 3 September 2020, p 88 line 10.

This is not borne out by the audio recording. While it is true that his
siblings were insistent on him staying to talk things over, I also noted that
the defendant himself made no attempt to leave the premises after the 1½ hour
mark (when he went upstairs and tried to leave from the gate on the second
floor). The meeting thereafter carried on, and the defendant could have left
the premises from the back door on the first floor which led to the public car
park. But he chose to stay to discuss things and argue with his siblings.

124 Eventually, the defendant signed the second copy of the document presented
to him, after he initially tore up the first copy he was presented with. If
one listens to the audio recording in the period leading to the signing of the
document, it is clear from their tone that all of them had calmed down
considerably and things were not as heated as they were earlier on in the
evening. I find that the defendant signed the document willingly after being
convinced by his siblings that it was the right thing to do, and not because
of any threats or coercion that vitiated his will. Even if the defendant felt
some pressure to sign the document, I find that the pressure exerted by his
siblings did not go to the extent of compelling his will to do it. They tried
to convince the defendant, sometimes by shaming him, to do what was right, but
ultimately they did not go any further than any reasonable person might have
done in trying to win an argument. In other words, I find that there was
nothing illegitimate about the plaintiffs’ conduct.

125 At around that point of the meeting when the defendant signed the
document, he was discussing with KG about an allowance of S$2,000 for his
living expenses he would get from the family in exchange for giving up his
involvement in illegal bookmaking and customs fraud in relation to his bird
nests’ business. This was according to the defendant’s own evidence. What
should be noted is that, by this point in the meeting, the defendant appeared
to have already accepted that the Hougang shophouse and Unit 174 were indeed
shared family assets. That was why he signed the document. As such, I find, on
a balance of probabilities, that the defendant did not sign the family meeting
document under duress. This means that, while it is unnecessary for me to rely
on the family meeting document as evidence of the parties’ common intention,
the family meeting document in fact reinforces my finding above that the
parties had a common intention that the defendant would hold the sale proceeds
of the Hougang shophouse on trust for the parties in equal shares.

Non est factum

126 The final objection raised by the defendant in relation to the family
meeting document is that he is illiterate in English and he did not understand
the contents of what he was signing. He relies on the doctrine of non est
factum. He claims that he was misled by KG and his siblings into believing
that the document was only about the sharing of the two Yishun flats, which he
acknowledged was owned by all the siblings equally, but not the Hougang
shophouse which he insisted he owned entirely. He claims not to know that the
family meeting document referred to the Hougang shophouse when he signed it.
Otherwise, he would not have agreed to sign the document.

127 Non est factum (literally, “it is not my deed””) is a specific category of
mistake that operates as an exception to the general rule that a person is
bound by his signature on a contractual document even if he did not fully
understand the terms of the document. There are two requirements for the
doctrine to be established: (a) there must be a radical difference between
what was signed and what was thought to have been signed; and (b) the party
seeking to rely upon the doctrine must prove that he took care in signing the
document, ie, he must not have been negligent: Mahidon Nichiar bte Mohd Ali
and others v Dawood Sultan Kamaldin [2015] 5 SLR 62 at [119].

128 In my judgment, this contention fails completely. Leaving aside the
siblings’ evidence, the defendant’s contention is squarely contradicted by the
audio recording, his own AEIC, his own answers under cross-examination, and
the police report that he filed about a week after the meeting.

129 First, the contents of the family meeting document were explained to the
defendant by KG in clear terms: 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

Lee Mui Lin’s AEIC at p 183.

CS: What is stated here in this agreement?

KG: It just states that this “thing” (referring to family properties) belongs
to all six of us, was made of our mother’s fund. As simple as that, nothing
more. Ah Mi typed this agreement.

CS: All of you, what was stated here just now, do you all agree? Ah Di? When
you grow up, don’t interfere in others’ business. …

130 Therefore, it is evident that this is not a situation whereby the
defendant signed the family meeting document blindly. Quite the contrary, he
asked KG what the contents of the document were, and, after being informed of
it by KG, the defendant (referred to as “CS” in the transcript) had no further
clarification questions and was happy to sign the document. There is simply no
basis, in these circumstances, to find that there is a radical difference
between what was signed and what the defendant thought he signed.

131 Second, the defendant himself admitted that he recognised addresses
written in English. He also knows his own name in English and I am sure this
applies to his siblings’ names as well. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

Transcript, 3 September 2020, p 38 lines 23–29.

He would thus have been able to read from the document that it referred to the
Hougang shophouse and Unit 174. The fact that he continued to sign the
document shows that he knew that he was signing a document that concerned the
Hougang shophouse. His evidence that he did not look at the contents of the
document before he signed it does not assist him because, even if that were
true, it simply shows that the defendant acted without due care when he
executed the document. That would disentitle him from seeking relief under the
doctrine of non est factum, as explained at [127] above.

132 Third, the defendant’s own AEIC does not make the point that he did not
know that the Hougang shophouse was discussed at the family meeting and that
the document he signed referred to the property. Instead, he explains in some
detail how he was “confronted” with the demand that the property be sold and
the sale proceeds shared equally. He also explains how eventually he was
“intimidated” by his siblings and signed the document that was presented to
him. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

CS’s AEIC at [51] and [52].

It was only in his oral evidence that the defendant departed from this version
of events in his AEIC and claimed that he did not know that the siblings were
referring to the Hougang shophouse as well and that he signed the family
meeting document on that mistaken belief. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

Transcript, 3 September 2020, p 84 lines 19–20.

I find that this abrupt change in the evidence of the defendant speaks volumes
about the credibility of his claim that he was mistaken about what he thought
was signed. Quite evidently, the defendant was making up his evidence as he
went along so that he could distance himself from the family meeting document.

133 Fourth, the audio recording makes clear that the siblings were arguing
about the Hougang shophouse very soon after the start of the meeting. By the
19-minute mark, the defendant was already telling his siblings that he owned
it to the exclusion of his siblings. Under cross-examination, the defendant
later tried to explain that he was referring to the Yishun flats, and not the
Hougang property. He said that he was confused by KG’s reference to “mother’s
property”, which he took to be a reference to the Yishun flats. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

Transcript, 3 September 2020, p 45 lines 17–19.

I find this to be a poor attempt by the defendant to distance himself from
what he said at the meeting. This is because when he was cross-examined on
another part of the transcript of the audio recording, where KG told those
present at the meeting that “grandfather’s property” – which was referred to
by them in Hokkien as “Ah Kong’s property” – belonged to all the siblings
equally, he agreed that KG was referring to the two Yishun flats and the
Hougang shophouse. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

Transcript, 3 September 2020, p 42 lines 2–28.

KG herself gave evidence that she used the term to refer to the family
business, moneys and the three properties. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

Transcript, 27 August 2020, p 27 lines 5–13.

CK also testified that he understood KG’s references to “Ah Kong’s property”
to mean the Yishun flats and the Hougang shophouse. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

Transcript, 3 September 2020, p 10 lines 15–19.

In my view, it is quite clear that the defendant had come to Court quite
prepared to feign ignorance that he knew the meeting was about the Hougang
shophouse being a family asset that had to be shared equally, all in a
misguided effort to support his case of non est factum.

134 I should add that there are numerous other portions of the transcript of
the audio recording that make it quite clear that the defendant knew that the
discussion was about whether he would acknowledge that Unit 174 and the
Hougang shophouse had to be shared equally. For example, when the defendant
tore up the first copy of the document that was presented to him to sign, he
was asked by his siblings, in particular, KG, whether he was taking the
position that he “want[ed] everything”. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

Lee Mui Lin’s AEIC at p 144.

Not once, in his responses, did the defendant clarify whether the siblings
were referring only to the Yishun flats and not the Hougang shophouse. Also,
at the meeting, when the defendant eventually acknowledged verbally that he
would share the properties, he did not say then that he was referring only to
the Yishun flats and not the Hougang shophouse. His evidence in court that he
was always referring only to the Yishun flats was an ex post facto
explanation, which I have no hesitation in rejecting.

135 Fifth, about a week after the meeting, the defendant made a police report
on 2 July 2017. In that report, he claimed that he was coerced at a meeting by
his siblings to sign a document which states that he would share the Yishun
flats and the Hougang shophouse. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

See CS’s AEIC at p 100.

When cross-examined as to how he came to the understanding that the family
meeting document also dealt with the Hougang shophouse, the defendant said
that he had showed the family meeting document to a friend, who then told him
it also referred to the Hougang shophouse. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

Transcript, 3 September 2020, p 45 lines 4–10.

But, later in cross-examination, the defendant admitted that, after he signed
the family meeting document on 25 June 2017, he was not given a copy of the
document. When he made the police report a week later, he still did not have a
copy of the document. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

Transcript, 3 September 2020, p 53 line 30–p 54 line 20.

Despite this, the defendant was able to describe in his police report the
contents of the family meeting document from memory. This clearly shows that
the defendant lied when he said that he only understood that the family
meeting document referred to the Hougang shophouse after he showed the
document to his friend. This is because the defendant could not have shown
this document to his friend before he filed his police report, since he did
not, by his own admission, have the document then. In my judgment, this shows
beyond any serious argument that the defendant understood what the family
meeting document stated before he signed it. As aforementioned at [129] above,
KG had already clearly explained to him what the family meeting document
stated, and he understood the document concerned the fact that the proceeds of
the Hougang property was meant to be shared by all the Ong siblings equally.

136 Sixth, I find that the defendant was not ambushed at the family meeting,
as he claims he was. He already knew that the family meeting that had been
called by KG was about the family properties, including the Hougang shophouse.
This had been the subject of some contention since their mother died. In fact,
SA gave unchallenged evidence that, prior to the meeting, he got a call from
the defendant, who told her not to say anything at the meeting and also not to
tell KG that he had called her. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

Transcript, 28 August 2020, p 73 lines 27–30.

In my view, it is quite clear that the defendant was prepared to go to the
meeting to argue his case as to why the Hougang shophouse was not family
property. That being the case, there is really no basis for the defendant to
assert that he was misled into thinking that the document he signed at the
meeting had nothing to do with the Hougang shophouse.

137 For the above reasons, I reject the defendant’s submissions on non est
factum as being not borne out by the evidence. On a balance of probabilities,
I find that the defendant did know and understand the contents of the family
meeting document when he signed it. In any event, as I have already found, the
plaintiffs are not relying on the family meeting document as a standalone
contract. Thus, the non est factum doctrine is not even applicable in the way
that the defendant has pleaded (viz, as a defence against the “agreement”
under the family meeting document).

138 In my judgment, the defendant’s acknowledgment in the family meeting
document that the Hougang shophouse is to be shared equally with the
plaintiffs bolsters my conclusion that there is a common intention
constructive trust over the Hougang shophouse (and its sale proceeds) for the
benefit of all the Ong siblings in equal shares.

Section 51 of the Housing and Development Board Act

Parties’ submissions and the caselaw on s 51(10)

139 I now come to s 51 of the HDA. The relevant provisions of the HDA are ss
51(8)–51(11), which provide as follows:

Property not to be used as security or attached, etc., and no trust in respect
thereof to be created without approval of Board

…

(8) No trust in respect of any protected property shall be created by the
owner thereof without the prior written approval of the Board.

(9) Every trust which purports to be created in respect of any protected
property without the prior written approval of the Board shall be null and
void.

(10) No person shall become entitled to any protected property (or any
interest in such property) under any resulting trust or constructive trust
whensoever created or arising.

(11) In this section —

…

“protected property” means any flat, house or other building that has been
sold by the Board under the provisions of this Part;

…

140 There are thus three main provisions in s 51 which deal with trusts: ss
51(8)–(9) deal with trusts that are purported to be “created” (such as express
trusts) while s 51(10) deals specifically with resulting trusts and
constructive trusts. As I highlighted at [2] above, it is unfortunate that the
parties’ counsel have failed to appreciate the nuances of the issues relating
to s 51(10) of the HDA, and, as such, I was left largely unassisted by counsel
on the proper analysis of this provision and its applicability to the facts.
The defendant pleaded very broadly that s 51 applies in this case to preclude
a trust from being created over HDB property. In the defendant’s opening
statement, the defendant then specified that he is relying on s 51(10) against
the plaintiffs’ claims of express and constructive trusts. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

Defendant’s opening statement at [13(a)].

However, in the defendant’s closing and reply submissions, the defendant
completely omitted any mention of s 51(10). Instead, the defendant relied on
ss 51(8)–(9) to submit that “an express trust created by [Mdm Ang] over the
Hougang [shophouse] would fail”. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

DCS at [166].

I found it highly unsatisfactory that the defendant could not maintain a
consistent and clear position on s 51.

141 It is common ground between the parties that the Hougang shophouse is
“protected property” within the meaning of s 51(10) of the HDA. I note, for
completeness, that “protected property” means “any flat, house or other
building that has been sold by the Board under the provisions of this Part” of
the HDA, viz, Part IV of the HDA. Section 46(1) of the HDA, which is under
Part IV, provides the HDB with the power to “sell any developed land”, which
means “any land of the [HDB] upon which a building has been erected” (s 2(1),
HDA). As neither counsel has suggested that the Hougang shophouse may be
outside the scope of “protected property” within the meaning of s 51(10), I
shall proceed on this basis and consider if s 51(10) applies in this case.

142 The plaintiffs submit that s 51(10) does not render a common intention
constructive trust or resulting trust over the Hougang shophouse null and
void. In this regard, the plaintiffs rely on Sundaresh Menon JC’s (as he then
was) holding in Tan Chui Lian v Neo Liew Eng [2007] 1 SLR(R) 265 (“Tan Chui
Lian”) at [10], which I quote in full because it is the central plank of the
plaintiffs’ submission on s 51(10):

… Parliament’s intention was not to prevent any interest in an HDB flat
arising under a resulting trust or a constructive trust regardless of the
circumstances, but rather to prevent any entitlement to own an HDB flat
arising in favour of a person by virtue of the law implying a resulting or
constructive trust, where that person would otherwise have been ineligible to
acquire such an interest. In my judgment, having regard to the mischief
underlying the section, the provision was not intended to have any application
where the parties concerned were already entitled to some interest in the
property and therefore no issue could arise as to their eligibility to such
entitlement. In such circumstances, the parties concerned would not be
claiming to become entitled to own an interest in the flat by virtue of the
implied trust and there would be no concern of their bypassing the eligibility
criteria set by the HDB from time to time. [emphasis in original in italics;
emphasis added in bold italics]

143 The primary basis for Menon JC’s holding in Tan Chui Lian at [10] is the
following explanation of s 51(6) of the HDA then (now s 51(10)) by then
Minister Mah Bow Tan (Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report (15
August 2005) vol 80 at col 1259 (Mah Bow Tan, Minister for National
Development), cited in Tan Chui Lian at [9]):

Clause 6 of the Bill amends section 51 to make it clear that, in addition to
prohibiting the voluntary creation of trusts over an HDB flat, the Act also
prohibits any person from becoming entitled to a [sic] HDB flat under a
resulting trust or constructive trust. This will help to prevent a situation
where a person who is ineligible to own an HDB flat may become entitled to own
one, for example, by paying the purchase price of the flat on behalf of the
owner. [Menon JC’s emphasis in Tan Chui Lian in italics]

144 Relying on Tan Chui Lian at [10], the plaintiffs submit that the defendant
has not asserted that any of the plaintiffs would be “ineligible to acquire an
interest” in the Hougang shophouse. Consequently, s 51(10) of the HDA does not
assist the defendant.

145 However, Tan Chui Lian has not been the final word on the matter. There
have been numerous other High Court decisions interpreting s 51(10) and the
extent of Tan Chui Lian’s holding on s 51(10). It appears to me that two broad
approaches have emerged from the caselaw.

146 The first approach appears to be the predominant approach adopted in the
cases, and which has very recently been approved, obiter, by the Court of
Appeal (see [150] below). This approach interprets Tan Chui Lian as holding
that s 51(10) only applies to prevent ineligible persons from holding any
interest in an HDB property under a constructive or resulting trust (“first
approach”). An ineligible person is someone who is ineligible to acquire the
disputed HDB property. This approach thus applies a more purposive
interpretation of s 51(10) to read down and confine the meaning and effect of
the provision. The clearest example of this approach is found in Judith
Prakash J’s (as she then was) judgment in Koh Cheong Heng v Ho Yee Fong [2011]
3 SLR 125 (“Koh Cheong Heng”). In that case, Prakash J was considering the
question of whether the plaintiff husband’s transfer to the defendant wife of
a joint interest in the HDB property was revocable on the basis that it was a
donatio mortis causa (ie, a gift that was conditional upon death). Prakash J
found at [16] that there was a valid donatio mortis causa, and this involved
the donor’s giving of a defeasible gift which, upon revocation, would result
in a remedial constructive trust arising. More pertinently for present
purposes, Prakash J then held at [57], relying on Tan Chui Lian, that donatio
mortis causa “does not offend s 51(10) of the HDA” because “resulting and
constructive trusts are not precluded by the HDA if the beneficiary is
eligible to own an HDB flat”. Prakash J explained at [56] that, although s
51(6) of the then-HDA was amended in 2010, after Tan Chui Lian was decided in
2006, by Parliament adding the words “or arising” at the end of the present s
51(10) (see [139] above):

… in my opinion the addition of the words “or arising” only clarify that a
“resulting trust” or a “constructive trust” may be more properly said to arise
by operation of law, rather than by the creation of parties. It is neither
evident from Hansard, nor from the plain reading of the provision, that
Parliament was seeking to change the legal position as it stood in Tan Chui
Lian. Indeed, if such a change was deemed necessary, Parliament could have
said for instance, “No person shall become entitled, regardless of
eligibility, …”. This Parliament did not do. Furthermore, the words “become
entitled”, which formed the basis for Menon JC’s judgment, were left unchanged
by Parliament. As Menon JC expressly noted in his judgment, it would have been
much “plainer and simpler” for Parliament to have said that no person shall
“be entitled to any interest in” an HDB flat if Parliament were indeed minded
to prohibit all trusts, regardless of the beneficiary’s eligibility (Tan Chui
Lian at [11]). Again, Parliament did not make such a change. Accordingly, in
my view, the law regarding creation of trusts over HDB property remains as
stated in Tan Chui Lian. [emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added in
bold italics]

147 Other High Court decisions which have adopted this approach (though
without detailed analysis) include Philip Anthony Jeyaretnam and another v
Kulandaivelu Malayaperumal and others [2020] 3 SLR 738 at [26] (where Debbie
Ong J stated that s 51(10) of the HDA “prohibits a party who is ineligible to
own HDB property from having any interest in the HDB property by virtue of a
resulting or constructive trust”) and Low Heng Leon Andy v Low Kian Beng
Lawrence (administrator of the estate of Tan Ah Kng, deceased) [2013] 3 SLR
710 (“Low Heng Leon Andy”) at [18] (where Quentin Loh J (as he then was)
stated that s 51(10) does not provide a “blanket prohibition” against
resulting and constructive trusts, and that its object, instead, is to
“prevent ineligible persons from owning HDB flats by way of resulting or
constructive trust”).

148 On the other hand, the second approach – which was recently adopted by
Andre Maniam JC in Lim Kieuh Huat and another v Lim Teck Leng and another
[2020] SGHC 181 (“Lim Kieuh Huat (HC)”) at [80]–[87] – takes the view that s
51(10) does not only impact persons who are ineligible to own HDB property
(“ineligible person”). Rather, s 51(10) prevents any person who was not
originally a registered owner of the disputed HDB property from becoming
entitled to any interest in that property by way of a constructive or
resulting trust (“second approach”). This is because, by not being a
registered owner of the property at the material time of the proceedings, the
person would not already be “entitled” to the property. It follows that such a
person who was not a registered owner of the HDB property cannot, pursuant to
s 51(10), then “become entitled” to any beneficial interest in the property by
way of a constructive or resulting trust. This approach places more emphasis
on the plain meaning of the text of s 51(10). Maniam JC highlighted that the
provision, on its face, draws no distinction between eligible and ineligible
persons in relation to whether they can “become entitled” to an HDB flat: see
Lim Kieuh Huat (HC) at [80]. This approach also seeks to confine the holding
of Tan Chui Lian to the facts of that case. In Tan Chui Lian, the plaintiff
was already a registered co-owner of the flat in question. He was seeking a
bigger share of the HDB flat (and its sale proceeds) by virtue of a resulting
trust because he contributed more towards the purchase of the flat. Therefore,
there was no issue as to the plaintiff’s eligibility in Tan Chui Lian, and he
was not claiming to “become entitled” to an interest in the flat because he
already had such an entitlement: see Lim Kieuh Huat (HC) at [84].

149 The appeal against Andre Maniam JC’s decision was just recently heard by
the Court of Appeal in Lim Kieuh Huat v Lim Teck Leng and another and another
appeal [2021] SGCA 28 (“Lim Kieuh Huat (CA)”). In that case, the disputed HDB
flat was registered in the sole name of the plaintiffs’ son, but the
plaintiffs claimed that they were the true beneficial owners of the HDB flat
in question because they had funded the purchase of the flat. The Court of
Appeal delivered an ex tempore judgment and upheld Maniam JC’s decision and
dismissed the plaintiffs’ claim to a beneficial interest in the HDB flat on
the ground that it was barred by ss 51(8)–51(10) of the HDA. The Court of
Appeal found that the plaintiffs’ case, even if taken at its highest, showed
that they intentionally wanted to register the HDB flat in their son’s name
for them to avoid paying the resale levy, which they would have had to pay if
they had tried to buy the HDB flat in their own names, and for the son to be
able to obtain a housing loan for which they would have been ineligible. This
was a nominee arrangement which purported to create a bare trust in respect of
the HDB flat that was rendered null and void by s 51(9) of the HDA: see Lim
Kieuh Huat (CA) at [11].

150 More pertinently for present purposes, the Court of Appeal, citing Tan
Chui Lian and Koh Cheong Heng, also observed (at [13]) that the second
approach to s 51(10) by Maniam JC may not be correct, though the Court of
Appeal left the question open for determination in a future case:

We also conclude that the Parents are precluded by virtue s 51(10) of the HDA
from claiming beneficial ownership of the Kim Tian Flat. In this regard, we
note that the Judge had held that s 51(10) of the HDA would prevent even an
otherwise eligible owner from obtaining an interest under the trust if that
person did not already have an interest in the flat in question (see the
Judgment at [80] and [84]). With respect, this might go further than the
existing authorities which have hitherto focused on ineligibility as the
central consideration in determining whether s 51(10) (or its equivalent in
prior versions of the HDA) precluded a claim (see Tan Chui Lian v Neo Liew Eng
[2007] 1 SLR(R) 265 (“Tan Chui Lian”) at [10]; Koh Cheong Heng v Ho Yee Fong
[2011] 3 SLR 125 (“Koh Cheong Heng”) at [54]). However, as it is not necessary
to determine this for our decision, and given our views on the Parents’
ineligibility, we leave this open in the present appeal. [emphasis added]

151 Therefore, it appears that the Court of Appeal has tentatively expressed
the view in obiter in its ex tempore judgment that the first approach is the
more appropriate interpretation of s 51(10), ie, s 51(10) only prevents
ineligible persons from becoming entitled to an interest in HDB property under
a constructive or resulting trust.

152 As the proper interpretation to be given to s 51(10) has been extensively
dealt with, as shown above, I do not propose to add any new views to the mix.
Not only that, I have not had the benefit of full submissions by counsel as to
which approach is the right one. It suffices for me to observe at present
that, with respect, I am tentatively inclined to agree with the second
approach adopted in Lim Kieuh Huat (HC). I accept and agree that the cases
before Lim Kieuh Huat (HC) – particularly Tan Chui Lian and Koh Cheong Heng –
focused on the issue of the plaintiff’s eligibility to own HDB property.
However, in my respectful view, that is not conclusive of whether s 51(10)
should bear such an interpretation, because the previous cases before Lim
Kieuh Huat (HC) did not involve situations where the plaintiff did not already
have an interest in the property, but was otherwise eligible to own the
disputed HDB property. Rather, a determination of the scope of s 51(10) must
necessarily focus on the text of that provision and the legislative intent
behind the provision, in accordance with the established principles of
statutory interpretation set out in Tan Cheng Bock v Attorney-General [2017] 2
SLR 850 (“Tan Cheng Bock”) at [37]–[54].

153 Critically, under the Tan Cheng Bock framework, statutory interpretation,
while purposive, must still accord primacy to the text, and extraneous
material should not contradict the express text of the provision except in
very limited circumstances: see Tan Cheng Bock at [50]. The plain text of s
51(10) bars anyone from becoming entitled to any interest in HDB property
under a constructive or resulting trust. Section 51(10) does not draw any
distinction between eligible and ineligible persons. For s 51(10) to be
interpreted to mean that it only applies to ineligible persons, that would
require the phrase “entitled to … any interest in such property” in s 51(10)
to mean “entitled to become eligible to own an interest in such property”, or
that the meaning of the term “entitled” should be equated with the meaning of
the term “eligible to own”. It is only then that eligible persons can be said
to be already “entitled to” an interest in the HDB property, and that
therefore that eligible person is not “becoming entitled to” the HDB property
because of the resulting or constructive trust. This, in my view, would be
stretching the words in that provision beyond their natural and ordinary
meaning.

154 As the state of the law on s 51(10) is unclear and has been left open by
the Court of Appeal in Lim Kieuh Huat (CA), I will, for completeness, consider
the appropriate outcome in this case on both approaches.

First approach

155 On the first approach, s 51(10) would not prevent the plaintiffs from
becoming entitled to an interest in the Hougang shophouse, if the plaintiffs
are eligible persons. The test for “eligibility” is whether the particular
person could purchase the particular flat, and what conditions must be met
before that purchase would be approved. The concept of “eligibility” is not a
merely notional one and does not turn on whether a person could conceivably
apply for an HDB flat, considered abstractly: Lim Kieuh Huat (CA) at [14]. It
follows that whether a plaintiff is “eligible” to own the particular HDB
property in question is a question of fact, to be determined based on the
evidence adduced by the parties.

156 In this case, neither party adduced any evidence to prove (a) what the
eligibility conditions are to own the Hougang shophouse, and (b) whether the
plaintiffs are so eligible. Section 51(10) applies to the Hougang shophouse as
it is HDB property, and the plaintiffs are the parties seeking to prove that s
51(10) does not apply to bar them from having an interest in the shophouse.
Therefore, in my view, following ss 103(1) and 105 of the Evidence Act (Cap
97, 1997 Rev Ed), the burden is on the plaintiffs to prove that they are
eligible persons such that s 51(10) does not bar them from having an interest
in the shophouse. Indeed, as a matter of common sense, this must be the case
because it is only the plaintiffs who would have full knowledge of their own
circumstances and whether they satisfy the eligibility criteria set by HDB.

157 Nevertheless, it is clear from the parties’ submissions that the parties
do not dispute that the plaintiffs are eligible to own the Hougang shophouse.
In their written closing submissions, the plaintiffs specifically highlighted
that the defendant “has not asserted that the [p]laintiffs would be ineligible
to acquire an interest in the Hougang [shophouse]”. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

PCS at [95].

The defendant did not, in his written reply submissions, address or contradict
this point in any way. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

See, for instance, Defendant’s Reply Submissions dated 18 December 2020 at
[42].

Therefore, as it appears to be common ground between the parties that the
plaintiffs are eligible to own the Hougang shophouse, I accept this as an
undisputed fact. This was also the approach in Tan Chui Lian at [17], where
Menon JC likewise proceeded on the basis that “there was no suggestion that
either party before [him] was ineligible” to own the HDB property in question.
In future cases, however, counsel should bear in mind the considerations noted
at [156] above.

158 As such, on the first approach, s 51(10) would not bar the plaintiffs’
claim to be entitled to the Hougang shophouse under a common intention
constructive trust or resulting trust, as the plaintiffs are eligible to own
the Hougang shophouse.

Second approach

159 On the second approach, the text of s 51(10) is clear that it prevents a
party from “becoming entitled” to, or “any interest” in, HDB property under a
constructive or resulting trust. Therefore, s 51(10) would bar the plaintiffs
from becoming entitled to a beneficial interest in the Hougang shophouse under
a common intention constructive trust or resulting trust, since they are not
registered owners of the Hougang shophouse.

160 However, s 51(10) does not state that it prevents a constructive trust or
resulting trust from arising at all. Thus, s 51(10) should not have the latter
effect, ie s 51(10) does not prevent a constructive or resulting trust from
arising over HDB property, although it does prevent a person from becoming
entitled to any interest in that HDB property by virtue of the constructive or
resulting trust. In other words, that statutory provision seeks to bar the
granting of a remedy which gives the beneficiary ownership of, or an interest
in, the HDB property, but it does not render any constructive or resulting
trust over the property void. The constructive or resulting trust would still
arise, but it is prevented by s 51(10) from taking effect. This is similar to
the approach of Quentin Loh J (as he then was) in Low Heng Leon Andy at [20],
where he held that s 51(10) did not operate to render any transaction or
transfer which might lead to ineligible persons taking an interest in HDB
flats void, but merely prevented ineligible persons from taking an interest in
HDB flats as a result of any transaction or transfer which purported to do so.

161 I note on the other hand that, in Cheong Yoke Kuen and others v Cheong
Kwok Kiong [1999] 1 SLR(R) 1126 (“Cheong Yoke Kuen”) at [20], the Court of
Appeal had held that the resulting trust that arose in that case was “void”.
Relying on Cheong Yoke Kuen at [13]–[19], Woo Bih Li J (as he then was)
further held in Chong Sze Pak v Chong Ser Yoong [2011] 3 SLR 80 (“Chong Sze
Pak”) at [59] that the plaintiff’s attempt in Chong Sze Pak to claim the sale
proceeds of the disputed HDB flat under a resulting trust must also fail.

162 However, the holding in Cheong Yoke Kuen must be seen in its specific
context. That case involved an application by the appellants for a declaration
as to the beneficial interest of the parties in the flat and for an order that
the flat be sold. The Court of Appeal rejected the appellants’ argument that
they held an interest in the flat by virtue of a resulting trust on the basis
that ss 51(4)–51(5) of the HDA (now ss 51(8)–51(9) in slightly amended terms)
applied. Therefore, the Court of Appeal was dealing with s 51(5) of the then-
HDA (now s 51(9)), which states that every trust purportedly “created” in
respect of any HDB property without prior written approval of HDB “shall be
void” [emphasis added] (see also [139] above for the present day s 51(9)). The
Court of Appeal reasoned at [20] that the respondent had “created” the alleged
resulting trust in his favour as he had intended to remain the beneficial
owner of the flat when transferring his interest in that flat to his mother.
The alleged trust was thus subject to ss 51(4) and 51(5) of the then-HDA.

163 Therefore, Cheong Yoke Kuen was not a case dealing with s 51(10) of the
HDA. Furthermore, the present s 51(10) of the HDA, which is in issue in this
case, does not state that it renders any resulting trusts or constructive
trusts, which arise by operation of law, “void”. By contrasting the text of s
51(9) with s 51(10), it is clear that Parliament did not intend for s 51(10)
to have the same consequence as s 51(9) (viz, to render the constructive or
resulting trust “null and void”).

164 In this case, I have found on the evidence that the parties shared a
common intention for the Hougang shophouse (and its sale proceeds) to be owned
beneficially by them in equal shares. However, on the second approach to s
51(10) per Lim Kieuh Huat (HC), s 51(10) of the HDA prevents the plaintiffs
from becoming entitled to an interest in the HDB shophouse via the common
intention constructive trust (or even via a resulting trust). They are not
entitled to the remedy of a declaration of their interests in the shophouse,
nor are they entitled to any order that they be registered as co-owners of the
shophouse. However, s 51(10) does not prevent a common intention constructive
trust over the Hougang shophouse from arising in the first place. What this
potentially means for the plaintiffs, in terms of the remedies available to
them, will be dealt with at [176] to [191] below.

Do the plaintiffs have a claim of proprietary estoppel against the defendant?

165 The plaintiffs’ alternative argument is that, even if no trust arises in
relation to the Hougang shophouse, they can nonetheless raise an estoppel
against the defendant as the legal owner of the property. In this regard, the
plaintiffs rely on the doctrine of proprietary estoppel as a basis for their
assertion that they are entitled to a beneficial interest in the Hougang
shophouse. As I have already found that the parties share a common intention
to hold the proceeds of sale of the Hougang shophouse in equal shares, and
that this is not prevented by ss 51(8)–(10) of the HDA, there is no need for
me to consider this claim. Nevertheless, I shall, for completeness, address
the contentions briefly.

166 The principles governing proprietary estoppel are well established and
summarised by the Court of Appeal in Geok Hong Co Pte Ltd v Koh Ai Gek and
others [2019] 1 SLR 908 at [94]: it must be shown that (a) a representation or
an assurance was made that the claimant would have an interest in the
property, and that (b) in reliance on this representation (c) the claimant had
suffered a detriment. In Hong Leong Singapore Finance Ltd v United Overseas
Bank Ltd [2007] 1 SLR(R) 292 (“Hong Leong”) at [170], Sundaresh Menon JC (as
he then was) also endorsed Prof Tan Sook Yee’s explanation of the doctrine,
and its differences with a constructive trust, in Principles of Singapore Land
Law (Butterworths Asia, 2nd Ed, 2001) at pp 97–98 as follows:

The principle of proprietary estoppel may be summed up as follows: where an
owner of land permits the claimant to have, or encourages him in his belief
that he has, some right or interest in the land, and the claimant acts on this
belief to his detriment then the owner of the land cannot insist on his strict
legal rights if that would be inconsistent with the claimant’s belief. The
claimant may have an equity based on estoppel. The connection with
constructive trusts imposed to prevent fraud or unconscionable dealings is
evident, as both doctrines deal with unconscionable behaviour. But although
the source is unconscionable behaviour and the requirements seem almost the
same, there are differences. For a start, the constructive trust in this
context is based either on an intention to create a trust, but the formalities
are not complied with, or on a common intention that the other party is to
have an interest in the property, which is acted upon to the detriment of the
alleged beneficiary. In either case there is an intention that the other party
is to have an equitable interest in the land. In proprietary estoppel, the
main emphasis is that the landowner has to have acted in an unconscionable
manner taking the entire set of circumstances into account. There is no clear
intention that the other party is to have an equitable interest in the land.
The other important difference lies in the remedies. In a constructive trust
the beneficiary claims, and if his claim is successful, he has an equitable
interest in the property. While in a case where proprietary estoppel has been
successful the relief is at the discretion of the court. [emphasis added]

167 As is clear from the authorities, the plaintiffs must establish that the
defendant made a representation, express or implied, through words or conduct,
that the plaintiffs each had an equal beneficial share in the Hougang
shophouse. Silence or acquiescence can amount to an implied representation
that is sufficient to give rise to proprietary estoppel. Where silence is
relied upon, it will normally be necessary to show that the silence was
maintained in circumstances where the court considers that the party in
question ought to have spoken. In the “acquiescence” cases, it must be shown
that the representor was aware that the representee was in fact doing the
thing which the former is said to have acquiesced in, but there is no need for
the representor to be aware that the representee was acting on a mistaken
belief: Hong Leong at [194], [197]–[198]. The “essence of the doctrine” is
that (Hong Leong at [203]):

… what is unconscionable or unfair is that the legal owner, intending, or
giving the appearance of intending to do so, has induced the other party by a
representation that he has acquired, or will acquire, an interest in property,
to act in such a way that he will be worst off if the legal owner resiles from
the representation than if the representation had not been made, in which case
he would not have acted as he did. [emphasis in original omitted]

168 As to whether s 51(10) of the HDA prohibits a proprietary estoppel claim
as well, Quentin Loh J (as he then was) held in Low Heng Leon Andy at [31]
that “s 51(10) of the HDA does not necessarily preclude a claim in proprietary
estoppel”. Loh J arrived at this conclusion on the following basis (Low Heng
Leon Andy at [30]):

(a) A mere inchoate equity will arise in favour of the claimant as a result of
the unconscionability of the defendant.

(b) The court needs to determine the remedial relief in order to satisfy the
equity.

(c) In doing so, the court will only award the claimant the minimum interest
necessary to do justice between the parties.

(d) The court does not necessarily have to award an interest in the land to
the claimant. Monetary compensation for the detriment suffered is a possible
remedy.

(e) Section 51(10) of the HDA, in achieving its objective, does not operate by
nullifying the underlying right which may result in an ineligible person
having an interest in a HDB flat. Instead, it only prevents an interest in a
HDB flat from arising in favour of ineligible persons.

(f) A proprietary estoppel claim is therefore not extinguished from the
outset. Furthermore, as long as a proprietary estoppel claim does not give
rise to an interest in the land, it should not be affected by s 51(10) of the
HDA.

[emphasis added]

169 I agree with Loh J’s analysis in Low Heng Leon Andy. With these
observations out of the way, I proceed now with my analysis as to whether
proprietary estoppel can arise on the facts of this case.

170 The plaintiffs submit that the defendant’s representations to them are
through his conduct by acting in a manner that led them to believe that they
would be equal beneficial owners of the Hougang shophouse. The plaintiffs rely
on the same facts used to justify a common intention constructive trust to
support their claim on proprietary estoppel. In particular, the plaintiffs
submit that the defendant had allowed the plaintiffs to believe that they
would equally enjoy the Hougang shophouse, and that Red Point would be run as
a family business; the plaintiffs detrimentally relied on this representation
by – in SK, SM, and KG’s case – accepting meagre salaries at Red Point and –
in CK’s case – by working for free.

171 The trouble with this submission is that it does not identify any
particular conduct of the plaintiffs but instead simply refers to the general
conduct of the defendant over the years by behaving as if he was not the sole
beneficial owner of the property. In other words, the defendant did not assert
any control over matters concerning the Hougang shophouse as a reasonable
person who owned the shophouse exclusively would have been expected to do.

172 I am unable to agree that such general conduct on the part of the
defendant can amount to a representation as a matter of law. All the defendant
is guilty of is being uninterested and uninvolved in the affairs concerning
the acquisition of the property, the sub-tenants, Red Point’s business and how
the property was being paid for. He simply used his room on the second floor
of the property as his abode, and left it to KG and his sisters who worked at
Red Point to handle all the matters relating to the property. He would sign
whatever documents KG asked him to sign for the acquisition, financing and re-
financing of the property, but that was the extent of his involvement. In my
judgment, such conduct on the part of the defendant may be consistent with him
not being the sole owner of the property, but there is scant evidence to show
that the defendant was aware of what exactly the plaintiffs were doing which
is said to be consistent with a belief on their part that they too were equal
owners of the property.

173 As the plaintiffs themselves argued, the defendant was unaware of what
salaries KG, SK, and SM were paying themselves. He was also unaware of the
details of how often CK had helped with carpentry works in relation to the
Hougang shophouse over the years. All he knew was that CK had helped in the
carpentry work for the fitting out of Red Point’s premises, but that is hardly
enough to show that the defendant was aware that CK was not paid anything or
that he did these works in the belief that he was contributing to the
enhancement of a family asset. The defendant was also not aware of how long
CK’s business operated at the property. The fact that the defendant did not
attempt to charge CK any rent for the use of the premises for his business
does not suggest that he was encouraging CK to believe that the latter held an
ownership stake in the property, as it is equally consistent with him acting
out of brotherly affection, if one was to assume that the defendant was the
true owner of the property. Further, I noted that SA was not involved in the
business of Red Point, so it cannot be said that the defendant conducted
himself in such a manner vis-à-vis SA which led her to believe that she owned
a share in the Hougang shophouse.

174 Leaving aside the question of whether the defendant made any
representation about the ownership of the Hougang shophouse, the other
difficulty I have with the plaintiffs’ proprietary estoppel claim here is that
there does not seem to be sufficient detrimental reliance. The plaintiffs
could not point to any detriment suffered by SA. As for the fact that SK, SM,
and KG accepted “meagre salaries” at Red Point, and that CK worked on the
fitting-out and repairs of the premises for free, I hesitate to find that
these acts alone are sufficient “detriment”. For there to be detrimental
reliance, the party must act in a manner to give effect to, or at least be
related to, the representation made. For instance, if party A tells party B
that the latter owns half of the share in a property which party A is the sole
registered owner, and party B thereby moves into the property and sells party
B’s own separate property, this would clearly be detriment that is related to
the representation that B owns half of the interest in the property. In this
case, I am unconvinced that the mere act of accepting “meagre salaries” at Red
Point and working on carpentry work for free would suffice as detrimental
reliance.

175 In my judgment, therefore, the plaintiffs’ submission on proprietary
estoppel fails.

Reliefs

176 I now turn to the reliefs sought by the plaintiffs.

177 First, the plaintiffs seek a declaration that the defendant holds the
Hougang shophouse on trust for the benefit of all the Ong siblings in equal
shares. This declaration would be possible on the first approach to s 51(10)
of the HDA (see [158] above). However, it would not be possible on the second
approach to s 51(10), in accordance with my analysis summarised at [164]
above, as the plaintiffs cannot, under the second approach, become entitled to
the Hougang shophouse, or an interest in the shophouse, under a constructive
or resulting trust.

178 Second, the plaintiffs seek an order that the defendant, within six
months, transfer to the plaintiffs their proportionate shares in the Hougang
shophouse, free from encumbrances, by registering the Ong siblings as the
registered tenants in common of the Hougang shophouse in equal shares. This
would be permissible under the first approach to s 51(10) of the HDA, but it
is impermissible under the second approach to s 51(10) because it would be
allowing the plaintiffs to become entitled to an interest in the Hougang
shophouse because of a constructive or resulting trust.

179 Third, the plaintiffs seek, alternatively, an order that the defendant,
within 12 months, sell the Hougang shophouse in the open market. KG and the
defendant shall have joint conduct of the said sale and are to exercise their
best endeavours to obtain the highest possible sale price. The net proceeds
from the sale of the Hougang shophouse (sale proceeds less costs, expenses and
outstanding loan of the Hougang shophouse) shall be distributed amongst the
Ong siblings equally (ie one-sixth share each to the parties).

180 This would be permissible under the first approach to s 51(10) of the HDA.
The question I have to grapple with is whether it would also be permissible
under the second approach to s 51(10), and it is to that question that I now
turn.

181 The court’s power to direct the sale of land where it appears necessary or
expedient is provided for by s 18(2) read with para 2 of the First Schedule to
the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed) (“SCJA”) (see also
BYX v BYY [2020] 3 SLR 1074 at [20]):

Powers of General Division

18.—(1) The General Division shall have such powers as are vested in it by any
written law for the time being in force in Singapore.

(2) Without prejudice to the generality of subsection (1), the General
Division shall have the powers set out in the First Schedule.

…

FIRST SCHEDULE

Additional powers of GENERAL DIVISION

Partition and sale in lieu of partition

2\. Power to partition land and to direct a sale instead of partition in any
action for partition of land; and in any cause or matter relating to land,
where it appears necessary or expedient, to order the land or any part of it
to be sold, and to give all necessary and consequential directions.

[emphasis added]

182 Order 31 r 1 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed) (“ROC”)
states that the High Court has the power to order that any immovable property
be sold where it appears “necessary or expedient” for the purposes of the
cause or matter to do so:

Power to order sale of immovable property (O. 31, r. 1)

1. Where in any cause or matter relating to any immovable property it appears necessary or expedient for the purposes of the cause or matter that the property or any part thereof should be sold, the Court may order that property or part to be sold, and any party bound by the order and in possession of that property or part, or in receipt of the rents and profits thereof, may be compelled to deliver up such possession or receipt to the purchaser or to such other person as the Court may direct.

183 The court’s power under both the SCJA and the ROC to order the sale of a
property is contingent on there being a substantive legal basis to justify the
exercise of that power: Tan Poh Beng v Choo Lee Mei [2014] 4 SLR 462 at [19].
In this case, a common intention constructive trust has arisen over the
Hougang shophouse and the Court would have granted a declaration that each of
the plaintiffs are entitled to a one-sixth beneficial interest in the
shophouse, but for s 51(10) of the HDA (pursuant to the second approach).
Given the operation of that statutory provision, I am of the view that the
plaintiffs’ claim to a beneficial interest in the Hougang shophouse cannot be
the basis to justify a sale of the shophouse. Further, the common intention
constructive trust that would arise over the sale proceeds of the shophouse
also cannot be the basis to justify a sale of the shophouse simply because it
has not been sold (so that common intention constructive trust over the sale
proceeds has not yet arisen).

184 However, given the common intention of the parties that the shophouse was
intended to be a “retirement fund” and that a common intention constructive
trust would arise over the sale proceeds if the shophouse is sold, I find that
an equity arises in favour of the plaintiffs against the defendant in relation
to the Hougang shophouse which compels the defendant to act in a manner which
is consistent with the common intention. The imposition of such an equity is
permitted because it seeks to do justice, by analogy to what the Court does
where proprietary estoppel has been established. The equity will also operate
on the conscience of the defendant to require him to sell the shophouse in the
present circumstances, given that the Ong siblings are now relatively advanced
in their ages, the Red Point business is no longer in operation, and the
common intention was that the shophouse serve as their “retirement fund”.
Therefore, the plaintiffs have established a substantive legal basis for a
sale of the Hougang shophouse to be ordered because of the equity that has
arisen in favour of the plaintiffs to hold the defendant to their common
intention for an equal beneficial share in the Hougang shophouse and its sale
proceeds. In my judgment, to satisfy this equity, it is necessary and
expedient to order the sale of the Hougang shophouse, and for its sale
proceeds to be divided in equal one-sixth shares among the plaintiffs and
defendant.

185 In reaching this conclusion, I am cognisant that a common intention
constructive trust is an institutional constructive trust arising out of the
operation of law from the facts, and not as the result of the exercise of
judicial discretion, unlike a remedial constructive trust: see, eg, Sumoi
Paramesvaeri v Fleury, Jeffrey Gerard and another [2016] 5 SLR 302 at [61].
The difference is that a common intention constructive trust identifies the
true beneficial owners, and the size of their beneficial interests. Normally,
the function of the court is merely to declare that such a trust has arisen.
On the other hand, a remedial constructive trust is a judicial remedy giving
rise to an enforceable equitable obligation, and the extent to which it
operates retrospectively to the prejudice of third parties lies in the
discretion of the court: see Westdeutsche Landesbank Girozentrale v Islington
London Borough Council [1996] AC 669 at 714G per Lord Browne-Wilkinson.

186 Therefore, a common intention constructive trust is a constructive trust
in the proprietary sense, and it is for this reason that it is said that a
plaintiff’s successful claim of a common intention constructive trust
immediately and automatically establishes a beneficial interest in the
property (see [166] above). In this sense, a common intention constructive
trust is distinct from the situation when a party is said to be liable to
account as a “constructive trustee” (eg because he dishonestly assisted in a
breach of trust), which is when an equity is usually said to arise.

187 This, however, does not mean that an equity does not and cannot arise from
a common intention constructive trust. As explained in Joseph Campbell, “When
and Why a Bribe is Held on a Constructive Trust: The Method of Reasoning
Towards an Equitable Remedy” (2015) 39(3) Australian Bar Review 320
(“Campbell”) (albeit while addressing a different issue), it is wrong to
assume that beneficial ownership will necessarily lead to the court granting a
proprietary remedy, unless the plaintiff elects to take only a personal
remedy. Rather, the notion of “an equity” remains central in the
administration of equitable principles. As explained in Denis Browne,
Ashburner’s Principles of Equity (Butterworths, 2nd Ed, 1933) at p 3:

Before the Judicature Act a person was said to have an equity if he had a
claim to the interposition of the Court of Chancery or of some other court
exercising a similar jurisdiction; he had no equity if he had no claim to the
interposition of any such court. An equity was not necessarily identical with
a cause of action; where a plaintiff sued in the Court of Chancery upon a
legal title his equity was the ingredient in his cause of action which
transferred the jurisdiction from the court of common law.

188 The expression “an equity” can be used in two different ways: the narrow
sense of referring to an immediate right to positive equitable relief, and the
broader and less precise sense to refer to any entitlement or obligation (“the
equities”) of which a court of equity will take cognizance: see Commonwealth
of Australia v Verwayen (1990) 95 ALR 321 at 348–349 per Deane J. A
plaintiff’s equity arises from an actual infringement of one of equity’s
standards of conduct, or an infringement that would arise if effect was not
given to a claim of the plaintiff. As soon as there has been a breach of an
equitable obligation, an equity – at the least one of the broader type –
arises in the person who is owed the obligation, viz, the beneficiary
plaintiff (Campbell at 327–328). Therefore, for instance, in the Australian
case of Parianos v Melluish (as trustee for the estate of the late George
Parianos) (2003) 30 Fam LR 524 at [61], Jacobson J held that a common
intention constructive trust, like a remedial constructive trust, also
“create[s] a personal equity between the parties which may be defeated by
competing claims”.

189 In this case, bearing in mind the factors listed at [183] above, the fact
is that the parties – including the defendant – always shared a common
intention that they would treat the Hougang shophouse as their collective
“retirement fund”, and that the shophouse would be sold at some point in time,
so that its sale proceeds can be shared by them equally. The parties are not
highly educated or sophisticated individuals, and it is clear from the
evidence that none of them set out to get round the HDB eligibility criteria
for the Hougang shophouse, whatever that might have been. They simply
acquiesced to the defendant being the registered owner of the property out of
convenience. It bears noting that, on the defendant’s own case, this
arrangement made sense because the defendant claims that his family is a
“traditional Chinese family” that favoured the sons over the daughters, and
the “eldest male child is doted on the most”. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

DCS at [113].

As the eldest son, therefore, it made sense then that they would register the
shophouse in the defendant’s name for convenience, and in the belief that the
defendant would honour the shared intentions in relation to the shophouse.

190 It is the parties’ intention for there to be a common intention
constructive trust over the Hougang shophouse, but statute, viz, s 51(10) of
the HDA, prevents the trust’s operation in such a manner as to allow the court
to declare that the plaintiffs are to be entitled to individual shares in the
shophouse. Nonetheless, an equity arises to affect the conscience of the
defendant to honour and give effect to this common intention constructive
trust. In this regard, it bears noting that, at the time of the acquisition of
the Hougang shophouse in 1995, s 51(10) of the HDA did not exist. Only ss
51(4)–51(5) – which are in pari materiae with ss 51(8)–51(9) of the HDA today
(albeit in slightly amended terms) – existed, but these provisions make no
mention of constructive or resulting trusts. The Court of Appeal’s decision in
Cheong Yoke Kuen which held that ss 51(4)–51(5) of the then-HDA also applied
to resulting trusts was only delivered in 1999. Therefore, on balance, it is
very likely to be the case that none of the parties, at the time of the
acquisition of the Hougang shophouse, were even aware that they could not have
a beneficial interest in the Hougang shophouse by virtue of a constructive or
resulting trust.

191 In order to satisfy this equity, I find that it is “necessary or
expedient” to order the Hougang shophouse to be sold so that the Ong siblings
can share equally in the sale proceeds. In this case, the Hougang shophouse
was never intended to be a shared accommodation for the Ong siblings, and it
is clear from the parties’ discussion at the family meeting on 25 June 2017
that they do not intend to carry on the Red Point business, or to continue to
lease out the premises for rental income. There is also nothing in relation to
the plaintiffs’ conduct or their shared intentions with the defendant that
would inhibit the Court, on equitable considerations, from the granting of
such an order of sale. The plaintiffs have clearly all come with clean hands
in this case. Consequently, in my judgment, the Hougang shophouse should be
sold and its sale proceeds should be shared equally among the plaintiffs and
defendant in six equal shares.

192 As a final remark, I note that the foregoing analysis is not meant to be a
convenient way for claimants in future to claim an indirect interest in HDB
property under a constructive or resulting trust. The specific features of
this case, for the reasons outlined at [189] to [191] above, are unique and
are what have led to my conclusion that, in this case, the minimum that is
necessary to satisfy the equity is to order the sale of the shophouse, which
is intended by the parties to be their “retirement fund” (and not
accommodation), so that its sale proceeds can be split equally among the
parties. In many other situations, the same conclusion might not be drawn.

193 In sum, under the first approach to s 51(10) of the HDA, the plaintiffs
would be entitled to a one-sixth beneficial share of the Hougang shophouse
under a common intention constructive trust (or, alternatively, a resulting
trust), as s 51(10) does not prevent the plaintiffs, who are indisputably
eligible to own the Hougang shophouse, from becoming entitled to such an
interest in the shophouse. I would order the shophouse to be sold in such
circumstances to allow each Ong sibling to monetise his or her one-sixth share
in the property since it was intended to be their “retirement fund”. Under the
second approach to s 51(10), an equity arises in favour of the plaintiffs
against the defendant to require him to honour the common intention
constructive trust over the Hougang shophouse and its sale proceeds (intended
by the parties to be their “retirement fund”), and it is necessary or
expedient to order a sale of the shophouse to satisfy this equity. As such, on
either approach to s 51(10), I find it necessary and appropriate to order a
sale of the Hougang shophouse, and for its sale proceeds to be split equally
among the Ong siblings.

Conclusion

194 For the reasons set out in this judgment, I grant the plaintiffs an order
that the defendant, within 12 months, sell the Hougang shophouse in the open
market. KG and the defendant shall have joint conduct of the said sale and are
to exercise their best endeavours to obtain the highest possible sale price.
The net proceeds from the sale of the Hougang shophouse (sale proceeds less
costs, expenses and outstanding loan of the Hougang shophouse) shall be
distributed amongst the Ong siblings equally (ie, one-sixth share each to the
parties).

195 I will deal with the issue of costs separately.

Ang Cheng Hock  
Judge of the High Court

Quah Chun En Joel and Henry Li-Zheng Setiono (Gabriel Law Corporation) for the
plaintiffs;

Wee Pan Lee and Low Chang Yong (Wee, Tay & Lim LLP) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 12 Apr 2021 (18:47 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

