Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the FAMILY JUSTICE COURTS of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHCF 2

District Court Appeal (Family Division) No 115 of 2019

Between

| VDX  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

| VDY  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

  

Between

| VDY  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

| VDX  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

In the matter of Divorce Suit No 2368 of 2012 (Summons No 1510 of 2019 and
Summons No 1967 of 2019)

Between

| VDX  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| VDY  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

grounds of decision

[Family Law] — [Variation] — [Care and control]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
VDX

  

v

  

VDY and another appeal

[2021] SGHCF 2

High Court (Family Division) — District Court Appeal Nos 115 and 116 of 2019  
Debbie Ong J  
1 October 2020; 26 October 2020

7 January 2021

Debbie Ong J:

Introduction

1 The matters before me were the parents’ cross-appeals against the variation
of a care and control order made by the district judge (“the DJ”) in relation
to the youngest child of the marriage, “C”. HCF/DCA 115/2019 (“DCA 115”) was
the appeal filed by C’s mother (“the Mother”) and HCF/DCA 116/2019 (“DCA 116”)
was the appeal filed by C’s father (“the Father”).

2 These appeals revolved around two narrow issues: first, which parent would
have care and control of C during dinner time on Chinese New Year’s Eve and
second, when the Father should return C to the care and control of the Mother
after the end-of-year school holidays (referred to as the “December
holidays”). These detailed arrangements were not specified in the original
order sought to be varied and it was not disputed that in the seven years
since the divorce, the parents had worked out such practical and specific
arrangements themselves. Each parent filed separate applications seeking a
variation of the original order; the conflict between them had escalated
recently such that they were no longer able to agree on these two matters
(apart from others in separate proceedings).

Background

3 The Mother and the Father were married on 10 January 1987 and the final
judgment of divorce was granted on 28 September 2012. The divorce proceedings
were uncontested and the parties entered into a settlement deed on the
ancillary matters on 23 April 2012 that was incorporated into the interim
judgment of divorce granted on 25 June 2012 as a consent order (“the Consent
Order”).

4 The parties had four children together (“the Children”). Their oldest child
has passed away. Their older daughter is 22 years old and has been studying in
Australia since 2016, while their younger daughter is 21 years old and has
been studying in Ireland since 2018. The younger daughter was 20 years old at
the time the applications were filed and turned 21 just prior to the hearing
of these appeals. At the hearing on 1 October 2020, both parents’ counsel
agreed that no custody orders were applicable to the daughters as both had
reached the age of majority. Thus, the appeals only related to orders
concerning their son, C, who is presently 13 years old. For convenience I will
refer to the orders as relating to the “Children” as the parents have framed
their applications as a variation of the original terms of the Consent Order,
which was entered into when the Children were all minors.

5 The relevant parts of the Consent Order in relation to custody, care and
control of the Children are set out below:

(a) The parents shall have joint custody, care and control of the Children.

(b) The Children shall reside in and attend school in Singapore unless
otherwise agreed between the parents.

(c) The Father is to have care and control of the Children for at least the
following periods:-

(i) From 6.00 pm on Friday to 8.00 pm on Sunday each week during school terms,
regardless of whether Monday is a public holiday or a school holiday during
the school term;

(ii) In the event that Friday is a public holiday or a school holiday during a
school term, from 10.00 pm on Thursday to 9.00 pm on Sunday;

(iii) The Children’s school holidays at the end of the last term of each
school year;

(iv) Whenever the Mother is not in Singapore, subject to another provision
providing for overseas travel with the Children.

(d) The Mother is to have care and control of the Children for the rest of the
time.

6 To summarise, during the school term the Mother had care and control of the
Children on weekdays while the Father had care and control of the Children on
weekends. During the school holidays, the Mother had care and control of the
Children except for the December holidays, when the Father had care and
control of them. These arrangements might be viewed as maintaining parity
between the parents and they appeared to have worked relatively smoothly for a
significant number of years after the divorce. Until as recently as 2018, the
parents were still communicating directly with each other to sort out care
arrangements for the Children with cooperation and flexibility.

7 The relationship between the parents deteriorated somewhat in 2019. Both
parents blame the other for this decline in their relationship. The Mother
claimed it was because of a statutory demand she had served on the Father on 7
December 2018 for his failure to pay her the sum they had agreed upon under
the Consent Order (which totalled $60 million), while the Father claimed it
was due to the Mother’s deliberate non-communication on certain matters
involving the Children. Since 2019, the parents have largely communicated
through their counsel.

The proceedings below

8 On 6 May 2019, the Mother filed FC/SUM 1510/2019 seeking a variation of the
existing care and control order on, inter alia, the following terms:

(a) While the Father shall continue to have care of the Children for the
December holidays, the Children shall be returned to the Mother by no later
than 9.00 pm on 31 December.

(b) The Mother shall have care of the Children from 6pm on the eve of Chinese
New Year to 10.00 am on the first day of Chinese New Year and the Father shall
have care of the Children from 10am on the first day of Chinese New Year to
10.00 am on the second day of Chinese New Year on even-numbered years, while
the Father shall have care of the Children from 6.00 pm on the eve of Chinese
New Year to 10.00 am on the second day of Chinese New Year on odd-numbered
years.

9 On 14 June 2019, the Father filed his own application in FC/SUM 1967/2019
also seeking a variation of existing order on, inter alia, the following
terms:

(a) The Father shall have care of C for the December holidays, and C shall be
returned to the Mother by 9.00 pm on 1 January.

(b) The Father shall have care of the Children from 5.00 pm on the eve of
Chinese New Year to 9.00 am on the 2nd day of Chinese New Year.

10 Both parents also sought various other orders, including orders related to
the care of the Children on special occasions such as the Mother’s Day and
Father’s Day weekends and on birthdays. They eventually reached an agreement
on most of the prayers sought and as the only issues on appeal involved the
care of C on Chinese New Year’s Eve and New Year’s Eve, the other orders are
not set out here.

11 The Mother submitted that her position was intended to promote sharing and
joint parenting. She claimed that there had been no fixed arrangements in
relation to the Children’s care over Chinese New Year’s Eve; now that the
Children were older and the daughters were studying overseas, she had less
quality time with them and she believed it was important to spend quality time
as a family on Chinese New Year’s Eve. She submitted that the handover after
the December holidays was best done on 31 December so that C could spend the
whole day on 1 January settling in for school, which usually started on 2
January, and he would be too tired if he returned late on 1 January.

12 On the other hand, the Father claimed that the status quo was that the
Children always had dinner with their paternal relatives on Chinese New Year’s
Eve. He submitted that the Children should be permitted to maintain their ties
with their extended family, and the dinner the Mother planned did not involve
any extended maternal relatives. He also submitted that the Mother could spend
time with the Children during lunch on Chinese New Year’s Eve. The Father also
claimed that the previous arrangement and status quo was that the Children
usually spent New Year’s Eve with him. The Father explained that he made
extravagant preparations for New Year’s Eve celebrations with the Children,
and submitted that depriving them of these events was not in their welfare.

13 The DJ heard the parties on 3 September 2019 and varied the orders in the
following manner:

(a) The Father shall continue to have care of the Children during the December
Holidays, with the Children to be returned to the Mother by no later than
10.00 am on 1 January; and

(b) The Mother shall have care of the Children from 3.00 pm to 8.30 pm on the
eve of Chinese New Year, while the Husband shall have care of the Children
thereafter to 10.00 am on the second day of Chinese New Year, after which the
Wife shall have care of the Children for the remainder of the day.

14 In his grounds of decision (see VDX v VDY [2019] SGFC 144 (“GD”)), the DJ
observed that it was not disputed that there had been a material change in
circumstances. The previous amicable manner in which the parties had
cooperated to sort out care arrangements had broken down, and it would be in
the best interests of the Children to set out the details on care arrangements
to avoid further dispute (GD at [15]). In assessing whether and how to vary a
custody order under s 128 of the Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 2009 Rev Ed) (“the
Charter”), the paramount consideration was the welfare of the child as set out
in s 125(2) (GD at [16]). The DJ further observed that in applying the welfare
principle to the question of care over public holidays, the courts have
generally favoured equal treatment of both parents as far as reasonably
practicable (GD at [25]).

15 In relation to the handover after the December holidays, the DJ agreed with
the Mother that a reasonable time was needed for C to settle down before the
start of the school year, but also accepted that the Father had a genuine
intent to celebrate New Year’s Eve with the Children as he had done for
several years. The DJ was of the view that both objectives could be met with a
measure of compromise where the Father handed C over to the Mother at 10.00 am
on 1 January, so as to maximise C’s time with both parents over the New Year,
and balance the objectives of work and play as he transited from the holidays
to the start of the school term (GD at [30]).

16 As for dinner time on Chinese New Year’s Eve, the DJ acknowledged the
cultural significance of the reunion dinner for the family and observed that
the question was whether parity between the two families was best achieved by
alternating or sharing access to the Children over the occasion (GD at [35]).
The DJ took a pragmatic view and directed that the Children could have an
earlier dinner with their Mother, before joining the dinner at their Father’s
home at 8.30 pm (GD at [36]).

The appeals

17 Both parents filed their appeals against the DJ’s decision on 17 September
2019.

18 The parents were both of the view that the DJ’s order splitting the care of
C at dinner time on Chinese New Year’s Eve was not workable. Both submitted
that the Children should not commute between two dinners and that the DJ
failed to give due weight to the acrimony between the parents that made this
arrangement untenable. However, they differed on the appropriate order and
both argued that their respective proposed order was in C’s best interests.
The Mother submitted that alternating arrangements for dinner on Chinese New
Year’s Eve every year was the best way to achieve parity, while the Father
submitted that the status quo should be maintained which is that the Children
should have dinner with their paternal relatives.

19 As for the handover after the December holidays, the Mother submitted that
the DJ had failed to apply the principle of parity because under the order,
the Mother would never have the chance to spend New Year’s Eve (31 December)
with the Children. On the other hand, the Father argued that the 10.00 am
handover time on 1 January was too early and not in the Children’s interests
as they would be tired after the New Year’s Eve celebrations the night before,
and C did not need the time to get ready for school.

20 On 20 December 2019, while the appeals were pending, the Father filed
FC/SUM 4377/2019 to vary the DJ’s order on C’s handover. The variation that
the Father sought was for the handover date to be “the day before the first
day of school”. The Father argued that there was a change in circumstances
justifying variation as C would be enrolled in an international school from
2020, and his school calendar would no longer be aligned with the Ministry of
Education (“MOE”) school calendar. During the period in which the application
was still pending, the Father did not return C to the Mother’s care on 1
January 2020 as stipulated in the DJ’s order, and the Mother had to take C
from the Father’s residence on 5 January 2020. On 29 January 2020, the Mother
filed FC/SUM 281/2020 seeking make-up access for the period of 1 January to 5
January 2020, when she argued that the Father disregarded the DJ’s order by
failing to return C to her care. Her counsel submitted that the Father was in
contempt of the earlier court order and make-up access was required to purge
this contempt.

21 The DJ dismissed the Father’s application to vary the existing order on the
basis that it was improper to vary an order that was under appeal as that
would materially affect the parameters of the appeal and prejudice the
Mother’s position. The DJ also granted the Mother make-up access of an entire
weekend.

22 On 10 March 2020, the Father filed an application for leave to adduce fresh
evidence in his appeal. This evidence related to the change in the dates of
the school term after C enrolled in an international school. The Father
submitted that given that the international school term started about one week
after the MOE school term (and not on 2 January), the handover time should be
the eve of the first day of school rather than 1 January so that he would
continue to have the entire December holidays with C. The Father was prepared
to return C at 5.00 pm on the eve of the first day of the school term. The
Father also sought leave to adduce evidence of what he claimed was the
family’s negative experience implementing the DJ’s order on Chinese New Year’s
Eve in 2020. According to the Father, the Children were too full to eat a
second reunion dinner with his family and their paternal relatives were upset.

23 The Mother did not object to the introduction of the new evidence in the
international school’s calendar but submitted that the change in the start of
the school term should not affect the handover date. She pointed out that the
Father’s case before the DJ was that C should be returned at 9.00 pm on 1
January, and submitted that the Father was changing his case on appeal. She
also highlighted that the DJ had indicated that the order would allow C to
maximise his time with both parents over the New Year (1 January). The Mother
agreed with the Father that the Chinese New Year’s Eve arrangements were
unworkable but maintained that alternating arrangements each year was the best
way forward.

My decision

24 I first make a note that in matters such as which days and for how many
hours a child should be with one or the other parent, the court may have to
make a decision that involves a compromise between the parents if their
preferences are not aligned. Where there is an appeal against decisions
involving the welfare of children, an appellate court will be slow to
intervene, as decisions in such cases often involve choices between imperfect
solutions (TSF v TSE [2018] 2 SLR 833 at [49], citing CX v CY (minor: custody
and access) [2005] 3 SLR(R) 690 (“CX v CY”) at [15] and BG v BF [2007] 3
SLR(R) 233 at [12]). In reaching my decision in respect of these appeals, I
considered whether the DJ had made any errors in the exercise of his
discretion (CX v CY at [17]). I examined the legal principles that he had
applied and his reasoning underlying the orders made.

25 The relevant legal principles were not in dispute and are set out in the
DJ’s decision (GD at [14]–[26]). Pursuant to s 128 of the Charter, the court
has the power to vary any order for the care and control of a child where it
is satisfied that there has been any material change in the circumstances. The
material change in the present case was the breakdown of the previously
cooperative relationship between the parents, necessitating the court’s
involvement in setting out the details of some aspects of the care
arrangements of C. The welfare of the child is the court’s paramount
consideration in applications involving care and control (see s 125(2) of the
Charter). The judicial task necessarily involves a fact-specific inquiry,
having regard to all the circumstances of the case and of that particular
child.

26 I understood the parents to be submitting that the court ought to apply the
legal principle of deciding in accordance with what was in the welfare of the
child. While both parents argued that the arrangements they proposed promoted
C’s welfare, in the present case, it is doubtful whether any decision on
specific arrangements made in these appeals would materially affect the
welfare of C. The issues before the court in the present appeals were very
narrow. They concerned, at most, a few days of care of C with either parent
every year. In fact, prior to the introduction of the new evidence on the
starting date of the school term, the appeals concerned a matter of hours –
how and with whom C should spend the evenings of Chinese New Year’s Eve and
New Year’s Eve.

27 The parties were parents who could co-parent amicably even when
circumstances were much more challenging in previous years after the divorce.
For example, they made joint decisions to send their two daughters overseas
for their studies. They were able to communicate directly with each other and
compromise on when they would travel to see their daughters and when they
would take the Children on holidays. They willingly swapped care time on
weekends and weekdays that had been specifically provided for in the original
Consent Order. Seven years of cooperation later, they now find themselves
unable to work out arrangements for these two very narrow issues. I think that
something had recently occurred or evolved in the parents’ own relationship
that hindered their ability to work together for the Children. The root cause
of this change does not have to be traced as the point is not to assign blame,
and I make this point only to observe that the shared spirit of give and take
that had carried the family for many years had been replaced by a refusal to
compromise even for the sake of the Children.

28 These appeals were not about any fundamental difficulties or unworkability
in finalising appropriate practical arrangements on Chinese New Year’s Eve and
New Year’s Eve, for the parties had no difficulty making these arrangements in
the past. These two issues were far more minor than what the parents had to
deal with over the past seven years. They related to practical decisions that
the parents, who knew C the best, were best placed to make. In functioning
families, disagreements about how holidays are spent would be resolved by
compromise, graciousness and flexibility. The High Court observed in UYT v UYU
and another appeal [2020] SGHCF 8 at [5]:

Family Law is a misnomer for a happy family generally has no need for law nor
does law need to intrude into a happy family. Decisions such as sending a
child of the family for tertiary education, whether at home or abroad, are
discussed and settled within the family, sometimes with a tinge of regret,
sometimes with great sacrifice, but always with the comforting feel of give
and take. By the time the [Charter] is invoked to resolve domestic problems,
it usually means that the family can no longer mediate within itself. Section
69 [of the Charter] directs how such problems are to be resolved, but it is
not a complete guide for the court to make these kinds of decisions in a way
that a happy family would make them. It is one thing for a family to give and
take within itself, and another for a third party to determine how they should
do it.

[emphasis added]

29 These observations are highly pertinent. The present issues, whether
resolved in the way the Mother proposed, or in the manner the Father sought,
would not significantly affect the welfare of C. What would significantly
affect C’s welfare is the parents’ conflicts and the spirit in which they
carry out the orders. If the arrangements are carried out by each parent with
the intent to ruin the time that the other parent has with C, then C’s welfare
is being undermined. On the other hand, either of the arrangements proposed by
the parents, if carried out with a supportive and cooperative spirit, could
and would go well, and promote C’s welfare.

Dinner on Chinese New Year’s Eve

30 The Father has care of the Children on the first day of Chinese New Year,
while the Mother has care of the Children on the second day of Chinese New
Year. The issue of which parent should have care of C at dinner time on
Chinese New Year’s Eve was a practical parenting issue. Some families may
enjoy two reunions dinners on that night, one with maternal relatives and
another with paternal relatives; as the DJ pointed out (GD at [36]), in
functioning families, it is neither uncommon nor unthinkable that families
accommodate one another’s obligations and eat dinner twice on the same night.
Other families might reach a different arrangement where a reunion dinner with
one set of relatives may be held on the weekend before Chinese New Year’s Eve.
The arrangement chosen will be specific to the comfort level of particular
families.

31 The arrangements proposed by both parents in the present case were not in
themselves unreasonable. The Mother suggested alternating dinner time on
Chinese New Year’s Eve every year, while the Father suggested that the
Children have reunion lunch with the Mother and reunion dinner with his
extended family every Chinese New Year’s Eve. Is one arrangement in C’s
welfare while the other is not (or less so)? Whether one arrangement might be
more comfortable than the other for C on Chinese New Year’s Eve may in fact
depend on C’s particular circumstances on that day, such as his parents’
support, his mood, his school schedule, or as he gets older, his plans with
his friends. What is important to note is that the arrangements proposed by
the parents and the final arrangements in the DJ’s order would not, between
them, significantly affect C’s welfare in a fundamental way. The Father
alleged that the Mother did not limit how much the Children ate when they had
an early reunion dinner with her and the Children were too full to eat a
second dinner. Such issues go into how the broad care arrangements are carried
out and the point made above that it is the spirit in which the parents carry
out the arrangements that matters. How each parent supports their children and
their time with the other parent is part of discharging parental
responsibility.

32 While I gave the parents time after the hearing to reach an agreement, they
simply could not agree, and so I proceeded to make a decision. In my view, it
could not be said that the DJ had applied the wrong legal principle or erred
in the exercise of discretion reaching his decision. The DJ recognised that
having dinner together on Chinese New Year’s Eve has cultural significance.
The arrangement chosen was a practical and forward-looking approach given the
constraints and allowed C to spend time with both sides of the family. I
affirmed the DJ’s order for C to be brought to the Father at his residence by
8.30 pm on Chinese New Year’s Eve. Since this is the arrangement in place, the
responsibility is on the parents to be reasonable in their conduct with each
other and they must endeavour to do their best to make this arrangement work.
Every parent must recognise that it is his or her personal responsibility to
promote the child’s wellbeing.

Handover after December holidays

33 While the DJ had observed that a handover on 1 January would allow C to
maximise his time with both parents over the New Year (GD at [30]), this was
in the context of the MOE school term beginning on 2 January. Following the
terms of the original Consent Order, C should be in the care of the Father for
the entire December holidays. I allowed the Father’s application to adduce
fresh evidence, which was not challenged by the Mother, and I accepted that C
now began his school year later than those in schools following the MOE school
term. The December holidays therefore included New Year’s Eve and New Year’s
Day.

34 The question of the handover date mainly involved how much time C should
have in the Mother’s care before he started school in the new school year. The
amount of time a child might need to prepare for the first day of school and
how that time should be used is a decision best made by the parents, who know
their child best. Unfortunately, the parents in the present case could not
agree on this matter. Both parents were keen to help C prepare for the new
school term, and I did not doubt that both parents desired to do their best to
support C. I thought it reasonable for C to have at least a full day in the
residence of the parent with care of control of him during the school term
(here, the Mother), before the first day of the new school year.

35 Where C would start his new school year on a Monday, I held that he should
return to the Mother’s care by 9.00 pm on the Saturday of the weekend just
before the first day of the new school term. Where C would start his new
school year on a different weekday, he should return to the Mother’s care by
9.00 pm on the day before the eve of his first day of school (as an example,
he should return on 9.00 pm on Sunday if the first day of school was Tuesday).
This largely conformed to the term that the Father should have time with C for
the entire December holidays. C would have been in the Father’s care for many
weeks during the entire December holidays. This arrangement allowed C a full
day to settle back into the routine of the new school term after having had
more than a month of school holidays.

36 As the handover date would occur after New Year’s Day, the Mother also
separately raised the issue of C spending New Year’s Eve (31 December) with
her. While C is to be in the care of the Father for the entire December
holidays, which includes New Year’s Eve and New Year’s Day, I reminded the
parents to be reasonable in making arrangements for C. C may express a wish to
be with the Mother or his sisters for a New Year’s Eve celebration, or as he
grows older as a teenager, may even wish to celebrate that evening with his
friends. The parents should have regard to C’s wishes, but they should not
place him in a position of choosing between parents which may cause him to
suffer a conflict of loyalty.

37 The Mother sought further clarification on what it meant for the parents to
be “reasonable” with each other. I would think that they had largely
cooperated reasonably in the past seven years and that experience would be an
indication of what it would take to be “reasonable” in co-parenting. For one
thing, they should not use inflammatory language in their communications. If
there are solicitors involved, counsel should be mindful of the language used
in communications. It is unnecessary and unhelpful to say “our client is
shocked” by certain alleged nasty conduct. These parents had co-parented
successfully prior to the recent deterioration of the relationship and I
commend them for having done so. They are at liberty now to agree to
arrangements that might differ from the existing court orders, having regard
to C’s wishes, but if no agreement is reached then the existing orders will
apply.

Conclusion

38 As neither party fully succeeded in their respective appeals, I ordered the
parties to bear their own costs.

39 I highlighted above (at [26]) that these appeals concerned a matter of a
few days and, at one time, only a few hours with C. Litigation over these
issues spanned nearly one and a half years. There were many opportunities for
the parties to mediate and reach an agreement on these narrow issues. The
lower court had heard the parties and provided a sensible arrangement for the
parties. While the appeals arose from both parties’ dissatisfaction with that
decision, this was also an opportunity for counsel to take a more active role
in advising their clients on the likely scope of appellate intervention in
such matters (see [24] above). The Court of Appeal remarked in BOI v BOJ
[2018] 2 SLR 1156 at [3]:

… [C]ounsel are not the mere “mouthpieces” of their clients. They are not mere
automatons, executing every instruction of the client, especially where the
client wants each and every point to be taken in order to inflict maximum
“damage” on the other party, and where the taking of such points is – in a
word – pointless and would not only engender a wastage of the other party’s,
but also the court’s, time and resources. There is a reason why lawyers are
also known as “counsel” – in such situations, lawyers must counsel their
clients ….

40 Family law practitioners must be aware of the ways, both overt and subtle,
in which they can influence the parenting dispute – these include the language
used in correspondence and the mindset they bring to the proceedings. If both
parties’ counsel can work as a team in problem-solving their clients’
parenting matters, they would have played a critical role in the delivery of
therapeutic justice in our family justice system.

41 I urge the parents to reflect on their communications with each other and
the positions they have taken in litigation. The evidence before the court
demonstrated that the parties’ post-divorce co-parenting journey was far more
successful than many cases that have come before this court; they must love
the Children very much to have overcome any initial anger and resentment that
commonly ensue upon divorce. Yet this long co-parenting relationship recently
fell apart in a matter of months. The parents have both witnessed how the
ongoing conflict has affected the children – perhaps the recent conflict has
tainted their children’s experiences of what ought to be joyful celebrations
on Chinese New Year’s Eve and New Year’s Day.

42 Parental responsibility is a personal responsibility. The Court is the last
resort for the resolution of parenting matters, for parents should
intentionally endeavour to make these decisions for their children themselves.
They should strive hard not to mire the family, including the children, in
litigation, nor should their resources and the court’s resources be spent on
litigation to deal with an emotionally-driven conflict. This will involve some
measure of compromise; it may involve being bigger, wiser and kinder – which
must be very difficult when relationships have broken down, yet this is the
legal responsibility placed on all parents. Parenting is not perpetual, and
such sacrifices, painful as they may be, are not demanded of parents
indefinitely for children do grow up to be adults – their chance to have a
normal childhood should not be lost due to their parents’ conflict.

Debbie Ong  
Judge

Siraj Omar SC, Khoo Boo Teck Randolph, Hoon Shu Mei Sumathi and Goh Ting Xuan
Beverly (Drew & Napier LLC) for the appellant in HCF/DCA 115/2019 and the
respondent in HCF/DCA 116/2019;  
Lee Eng Beng SC, Kee Lay Lian and Ada Chua Ai Le (Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP)
for the respondent in HCF/DCA 115/2019 and the appellant in HCF/DCA 116/2019.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 07 Jan 2021 (16:08 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

