Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the Family Justice Courts of the Republic of Singapore

[2021] SGHCF 4

District Court Appeal No 13 of 2020 and Summons No 347 of 2020

Between

USD

… Appellant

And

USC

… Respondent

GROUNDS OF DECISION

[Family Law] — [Matrimonial proceedings] — [Procedure]

[Family Law] — [Women’s Charter]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
USD

  
v

  

USC

[2021] SGHCF 4

General Division of the High Court (Family Division) — District Court Appeal
No 13 of 2020 and Summons No 347 of 2020  
Choo Han Teck J  
4 February, 18 February 2021

1 March 2021

Choo Han Teck J:

1 This is an appeal by the appellant husband (the “husband”) against the
ancillary orders made by District Judge Azmin Jailani (the “DJ”) concerning
the division of the matrimonial assets, spousal and child maintenance, and the
care and control of and access to the children of the marriage. The background
facts are set out in the DJ’s Grounds of Decision in USC v USD [2020] SGFC 76
(the “GD”). The husband also sought to adduce additional evidence on appeal in
Summons 347 of 2020 (“SUM 347”). The respondent wife (the “wife”) objects to
both the appeal and SUM 347. On 18 February 2021, I dismissed both the appeal
and SUM 347. I now give my reasons.

2 As regards the husband’s appeal against the ancillary orders, I did not see
a sufficient basis to disturb the DJ’s decision below. The DJ had identified
and assessed the matrimonial assets correctly and decided the manner and
proportion of division and subsequent adjustment (GD at [110] and [124])
fairly and reasonably. As for maintenance, I did not think that the DJ’s
orders were against the weight of the evidence (GD at [134] and [146]). In
respect of care and control and access, since the parties had agreed to be
bound by the previous “Appeal Orders”, the DJ was justified in ordering that
they continue to apply (GD at [148]).

3 I also dismissed SUM 347, as the husband’s application for further evidence
is not justified. Briefly, the husband sought to adduce documents relating to
his investments, stocks, insurance policies, bank accounts and vehicle, as
well as receipts for marital counselling sessions and his lawyer’s letter
concerning the payment of legal costs. The husband also sought to adduce other
documents, such as his correspondence with the wife and their son, various
police reports that the husband had lodged, and the letter from the Inland
Revenue Authority of Singapore titled “Revised Personal Tax Reliefs for Year
of Assessment 2020”, dated 30 October 2020 (the “Revised Personal Tax Reliefs
Letter”). However, most of that evidence could have been adduced at the
ancillary proceedings, and, in any event, would not have any influence on the
ancillary matters. I am also of the view that it does not seem credible.
Further, I note that the husband had previously been granted leave in November
2020 to refer to the Revised Personal Tax Reliefs Letter for the hearing of
his application to vary the maintenance orders in FC/SUM 2465/2020. It was
therefore unnecessary for him to apply to adduce this further evidence on
appeal.

4 I now turn to the issue of pleadings. According to the GD, the parties were
ad idem insofar as there be a division of the matrimonial home, but the wife
was seeking a division of matrimonial assets other than the matrimonial home
and the husband was seeking for each party to keep their own assets acquired
before or during the marriage in their own names (GD at [18]–[19]). The wife
prayed for the following reliefs in her Statement of Claim (“SOC”):

7 Relief Claimed

…

(d) Division of the matrimonial home

That there be a just and equitable division of the matrimonial flat situated
at and known as [Property P] (the “Matrimonial Flat”) and the matrimonial
assets.

(e) Division of the matrimonial assets (aside from the matrimonial home)

Parties are to retain all other assets in their own names…

5 This, in the DJ’s view, suggested that the wife had prayed for the same
relief as the husband in her own pleadings; however, the wife’s counsel sought
to persuade the DJ to depart from the terms of the wife’s pleadings (GD at
[21]). The DJ held that he was allowed to assess the matrimonial pool of
assets in its entirety for the purposes of division, because the court’s power
of division under Section 112 of the Women’s Charter was not prima facie
limited by the state of parties’ pleadings (GD at [22], [34]). The DJ allowed
the wife to ‘depart’ from her SOC as he was satisfied that the conduct of the
proceedings allowed the husband to have had the opportunity to meet this
‘revised’ case (GD at [42(d)]). On appeal, counsel for the husband argued that
the DJ was not entitled to ignore the rules regarding the wife’s pleadings
setting out her claims for reliefs, and that the DJ had erred in not taking
into consideration the fact that the wife did not seek any application to
amend her claims as pleaded.

6 I do not think that the “wide powers of division” conferred by Section 112
of the Women’s Charter should be invoked to let parties depart from their
pleadings (GD at [34]). The Family Justice Rules 2014 (S 813/2014) (“FJR”)
stipulate that the SOC must state specifically the relief or remedy the
plaintiff claims (Rule 401(1) FJR). Whatever parties plead in their SOC is
binding on them. Parties may subsequently amend their pleadings, once without
leave before pleadings are deemed to be closed (Rule 420(1) FJR), or at any
stage of the proceedings with the court’s leave, on such terms as may be just
(Rule 422(1) FJR). If parties do not plead their cases clearly and correctly,
they cannot rely on Section 112 to assist them.

7 Pleadings perform the important function of delimiting the litigation before
the court. The court is not a free for all, no holds barred, combat zone.
Fairness and discipline require parties to state clearly what cause it is that
they wish to pursue before the court, and the opposing party to state what his
defence is. This important function is also a straightforward and simple one.
It does not require the parties to set out evidence nor the law. But they must
state the facts upon which the cause they choose can be founded. They must set
out what reliefs they hope the court would grant. That is all, but if that
simple procedure is not followed, the only remedy, so long as there is still
time, is to pray for the court to allow an amendment to rectify the error or
omission. Otherwise, the party must stand or fall by the claim they plead.

8 In any event, it was unnecessary for the DJ to have held that the wife could
‘depart’ from the pleadings in her SOC. The wife prayed for a “just and
equitable division” of “the matrimonial assets” and for “parties […] to retain
all other assets in their own names”. By the former, the wife was pleading for
a fair division of all matrimonial assets. By the latter, the wife was
pleading to retain all non-matrimonial assets in each party’s own name. This
is not inconsistent with the wife’s position before the DJ for a division of
the matrimonial assets other than the matrimonial home (GD at [19]). The DJ
was therefore not precluded from considering whether the assets in the
parties’ own names should be part of the matrimonial pool in the first place,
or from assessing the composition of the matrimonial pool of assets in its
entirety. There was, in effect, no departure from the pleaded SOC in this
case.

9 I made no order as to costs in this case. Courts tend to decline costs
applications in matrimonial proceedings so as not to increase emotional pain
and anger, especially when the hurt of a failed marriage is still raw.
However, as more and more cases are being appealed to the Family Division of
the High Court (appeals often accompanied by applications for further
evidence), many of which are ostensibly and manifestly unmeritorious, cost
orders may be made in future cases to deter indiscriminate appeals.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge

Liew Tuck Yin David (David Liew Law Practice) for the appellant in HCF/DCA 13
of 2020 and the applicant in HCF/SUM 347/2020;  
Lie Chin-Chin and Lee Swee Loong Johnston (Li Ruilong) (Characterist LLC) for
the respondent in HCF/DCA 13 of 2020 and HCF/SUM 347/2020.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 05 Mar 2021 (10:56 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

