Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC 40

Suit No 613 of 2018

Between

| D&R Asset Management Group Co Ltd  
---|---  
|  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| Taiyo Asset Management Pte Ltd  
---|---  
|  
  
… Defendant

judgment

[Contract] — [Remedies]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
D&R Asset Management Group Co Ltd

  
v

  

Taiyo Asset Management Pte Ltd

[2021] SGHC 40

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 613 of 2018  
Lee Seiu Kin J  
9–11 September, 20 November 2020

17 February 2021 Judgment reserved.

Lee Seiu Kin J:

Introduction

1 The plaintiff, D&R Asset Management Group Co Ltd (“D&R”), made a series of
loans to the defendant, Taiyo Asset Management Pte Ltd (“Taiyo”) in 2017. This
was done amidst D&R’s prospective acquisition of Taiyo. D&R commenced the
present action when the sums remained unpaid after the dates on which they
became due.

Facts

2 D&R is a company incorporated in Shenzhen, China and is in the business of
asset and investment management. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions (“DCS”) para 2.

Taiyo is a Singapore-incorporated company that engages in similar business. At
the material time, Taiyo was a registered fund management company regulated by
the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Tey Eng Chee (“Thomas”) and Wang Weidong
(“Weidong”) are shareholders of Taiyo and each hold 50% of Taiyo’s issued and
paid up share capital. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions (“PCS”) para 2; DCS para 3.

3 On 11 January 2017, D&R entered into a sale and purchase agreement to
purchase Thomas’ and Weidong’s shareholding in Taiyo (the “SPA”). The purchase
was to have been carried out through D&R’s subsidiary - SZDAREN Investment Ltd
(“SZDAREN”).

4 Following the SPA, Taiyo set up a new team, called “Team 2”, which
functioned alongside the existing employees (who were then called “Team 1”).
Taiyo subsequently needed funds to set-up and operate Team 2. To this end, it
is alleged that a total of four loans from D&R were executed by Taiyo’s chief
executive officer (“CEO”), James Kho (“James”), and/or Yang Jun (“Calvin”) who
was employed as the director of training development and research. The loans
were each executed via a loan agreement (collectively, the “Loan Agreements”)
as follows: 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Plaintiff’s Core Bundle p 5–8.

(a) US$20,000 on 11 April 2017;

(b) US$60,000 on 20 April 2017;

(c) US$100,000 on 8 June 2017;

(d) US$200,000 on 30 August 2017.

5 These sums totalled US$380,000 and each of these loans became payable six
months after they were executed.

6 In December 2017, Thomas was informed that SZDAREN was not intending to
complete the acquisition under the SPA. He would therefore not receive the
purchase price of his share. Thomas, being of the view that SZDAREN had no
basis to refuse to complete the sale, commenced legal action in China to
compel SZDAREN to fulfil its obligations under the SPA. According to the
parties, the judgment in China is still pending at present.

7 By way of letter dated 22 February 2018, D&R sought the repayment of the sum
of US$180,000, plus interest, which was the sum under the first three loans.
This remained unpaid and on 2 May 2018, D&R made a further demand of
US$380,000, plus interest, for all four loans. A similar demand was repeated
by way of letter dated 22 May 2018. The loan sums have not been repaid and
form the subject matter of the claim in this suit.

The claims and arguments

8 D&R mount their claim on two bases:

(a) That the US$380,000 should have been repaid pursuant to the Loan
Agreements.

(b) In the alternative, that Taiyo had been unjustly enriched with the
US$380,000.

9 On the other hand, Taiyo disputes the claim and raises the following
arguments:

(a) In relation to the Loan Agreements:

(i) D&R had not adequately proven that it had transferred the US$380,000 to
Taiyo.

(ii) There was no authority vested in Calvin and/or James for the loans.

(iii) Thomas had not approved the Loan Agreements.

(iv) Team 2 was in fact carrying on work for D&R and its related companies.

(v) The Loan Agreements were in fact sham and fabricated documents.

(b) Additionally, Taiyo argues that the claim in unjust enrichment must fail.

10 I address the arguments in turn.

11 For completeness, I note that D&R had initially made a claim for
US$119,827.27 that it alleged remained in the reserve fund of Taiyo (the
“Reserve Fund Claim”). The Reserve Fund Claim was withdrawn on the first day
of trial. While nothing further turns on it substantively, in my view, this
belated withdrawal resulted only because of D&R’s failure to maintain proper
records that would have allowed them to trace the funds and verify the
signatories in the bank accounts of Team 2. It was D&R’s own failure to do so
that resulted in it being unable to take a position on it earlier. This might
be relevant towards the issue of costs.

My decision

D&R had adequately proven that it had transferred the US$380,000 to Taiyo

12 The starting point for the inquiry is the fact that D&R had adduced the
four loan agreements evidencing that the loans had indeed been made, as noted
above at [4]. Each of these loans were made on similar terms, for instance:

(a) The repayment date was six months after the date of the loan.

(b) An interest of 6% per annum was charged from draw down date until full
repayment was made.

(c) The loans were unsecured and could only be used for “the purposes of Staff
Salaries, Staff Reimbursements and other normal operating expenses of Business
Unit Two of the Company”.

13 It bears mentioning also that the first three loans (as above at
[4(a)]–[4(c)]) contained the signatures of Calvin (listed as “Head of Finance,
Business Unit Two” for Taiyo) and Zhou Xi (listed as “CFO” of D&R). This was
also the same for the final loan (as above at [4(d)]), save that it also
contained the signature of James (listed as “CEO, Business Unit Two” of
Taiyo).

14 Taiyo’s primary argument is that the moneys transferred to Taiyo pursuant
to the Loan Agreements were either transferred from D&R Capital Management
(Cayman) Limited (“D&R Cayman”), which was a company related to D&R, or from
Calvin. It therefore alleges that D&R itself had suffered no loss as there is
no evidence that D&R had reimbursed D&R Cayman or Calvin with the funds.

15 I am unable to accept Taiyo’s argument. Calvin’s evidence was that he had
applied for the loans through D&R’s administrative platform, “DingTalk”.
Remittances were then made in various amounts to either Team 1’s or Team 2’s
bank account, from 12 April 2017 to 10 January 2018. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

AEIC of Yan Jun dated 3 August 2020, para 37.

While the remittances originated from D&R Cayman or Calvin’s own bank account,
what these clearly demonstrate is that Taiyo had received the funds pursuant
to the Loan Agreements. Indeed, this is not a point that Taiyo is contesting.

16 I note that in cross-examination, Calvin had testified that he had, on
occasion, forked out the sums himself before claiming from the D&R group of
companies. On other occasions, D&R had “lent” him the sums, which he then sent
on to Taiyo. While the nature of these transactions is unusual, Calvin’s
consistent evidence was that he had done so on behalf of D&R. I also accept
his evidence that the reason why he had done so was to expedite matters as
Taiyo was, at the time, in dire need of funds.

17 Regardless of their arrangement, the fact remains that Taiyo had received
the sums in furtherance of the Loan Agreements. There is simply no evidence to
support Taiyo’s bare allegation that D&R itself had not suffered any losses.
In any event, there is no necessity for any element of loss in the Loan
Agreements.

There was authority vested in Calvin and/or James for the loans

18 Calvin’s evidence was that prior to making the applications for the loans
through DingTalk and signing the Loan Agreements on behalf of Taiyo, he had
discussed the matter with James and Zhou Xing. Zhou Xing was, at the relevant
time, the managing director of Taiyo; 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

DCS p 8.

James, on the other hand, was the CEO of Taiyo, as noted above at [4].
According to Calvin, Zhou Xing and James both had authorised him to execute
the loans in the manner he did.

19 Taiyo does not appear to contest this in their closing submissions. The
main issues raised are instead that:

(a) Calvin and James did not have authority to enter into the Loan Agreements
on behalf of Taiyo. This was because, no resolution was ever passed approving
the Loan Agreements or vesting Calvin and James with the authority to enter
into the Loan Agreements.

(b) James and Zhou Xing did not, by virtue of their positions, have the
requisite authority to enter into the Loan Agreements. As a result, they could
not have authorised Calvin as well.

(c) While Thomas did have the authority, he had no knowledge of the Loan
Agreements and could not have authorised them in this instance.

20 It is true that there was no resolution passed to that effect here. I find
that notwithstanding this, Calvin did have the requisite authority to execute
the loans.

21 The issue turns on the state of knowledge that Thomas had in relation to
the Loan Agreements. Throughout the testimony, Thomas was consistent in the
fact that he remained uninvolved in Taiyo after the SPA was signed. In
particular, he testified as follows: 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Transcript dated 11 September 2020, p 14 lines 4–10, p 86 line 16 to p 87 line
4.

A: When I -- after the SPA is signed, I’m out of the picture. Ms Zhou Xing, as
an MD, was by default the manager of the company. Now, as to whether she --
she runs the trading directly, she outsourced it to the -- the trading
department in -- in the plaintiff’s office in Shenzhen, I have no idea and I
really don’t care.

Q: So you are saying that she was managing the company solely and making the
decisions by herself?

A: Yes. It is by herself, I do not know.

Q: Without your input?

A: Without my input.

…

Q: Okay. Since you say it was no concern of yours, Mr Tey, your position is
that you were not involved in the running of Taiyo at all after the SPA, is
that right?

A: Yes.

Q: And that you left all management decisions which needed to be made by the
board to Zhou Xing and James?

A: To D&R.

Q: To Zhou Xing and James?

A: To D&R.

Q: They are the directors?

A: Yeah, the directors, yes. Internal directors, yes.

[emphasis added]

22 Thomas’ version of events was one of sustained indifference and a
distancing of himself from the management affairs in Taiyo. Taiyo seeks to
further drive home the point by arguing that: (a) Calvin’s appointment as head
of finance was not discussed with Thomas; (2) the Loan Agreements were not
discussed with Thomas; and (3) Thomas was not asked to sign the Loan
Agreements. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

DCS paras 87–96.

23 In my view, it is incredible to suggest that Thomas was as completely
uninvolved as he sought to make himself out to be. It is clear from the SPA
that Thomas was still required to be responsible for the growth and profit of
Taiyo for a period of three years. Further, as D&R point out, Thomas was the
signatory of Team 1’s bank account, he had sat as Chairman in Taiyo’s Annual
General Meeting in 2017, he was still in name a director of Taiyo, and he had
signed the necessary forms for the opening of Team 2’s bank accounts.

24 It is more likely that he kept an eye on the events within Taiyo. In fact,
he conceded that he did have access to DingTalk, 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Transcripts dated 11 September 2020, p 73 lines 2–7.

where Calvin had made the applications and where the Loan Agreements were
subsequently uploaded to. The DingTalk communication titled “Stamp Usage
Approval Letter”, which attached the Loan Agreements, had also been forwarded
to him (the “Communication”). 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Transcripts

Moreover, Thomas had logged into DingTalk several days after the Communication
had been sent to him. The Communication would have been the only other message
that he had received, and the platform would also have brought this to his
attention. It is again incredible that he did not see the Communication and
had been unaware of the existence of the Loan Agreements. On a balance of
probabilities, I find that Thomas was aware of the Loan Agreements. By
choosing not to interfere and continuing to leave the management to Zhou Xing
and James, he had impliedly authorised the execution of the Loan Agreements.

25 Even assuming that Thomas had not approved the Loan Agreements, on his own
evidence, he had left the management decisions completely to Zhou Xing and
James. This is relevant, for as stated by Belinda Ang J (as she then was) in
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (Publ), Singapore Branch v Asia Pacific
Breweries (Singapore) Pte Ltd and another and another suit [2009] 4 SLR(R) 788
at [30]:

In Hely-Hutchinson v Brayhead Ltd [1968] 1 QB 549 … Lord Denning MR (at 583)
said:

[A]ctual authority may be express or implied. It is express where it is given
by express words, such as when a board of directors pass a resolution which
authorises two of their number to sign cheques. It is implied when it is
inferred from the conduct of the parties and the circumstances of the case,
such as when the board of directors appoint one of their numbers to be
managing director. They thereby impliedly authorise him to do all such things
as fall within the usual scope of that office.

[emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added in bold italics]

26 Such implied authorisation would not necessarily have to occur via an
express appointment. It can also take place by assent given informally: SAL
Industrial Leasing Ltd v Lin Hwee Guan [1998] 3 SLR(R) 91 at [26]–[27], citing
Jimat bin Awang v Lai Wee Ngen [1995] 3 SLR(R) 496 and Charterhouse Investment
Ltd v Tempest Diesels Ltd [1986] BCLC 1. In fact, the possibility of
authorisation via implied assent was alluded to in Taiyo’s Memorandum and
Articles of Association, which allowed the directors to entrust to and confer,
upon the managing director, any powers exercisable by them. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

PCS para 37.

27 Having taken the position that the decisions were left completely to Zhou
Xing and James, it would therefore follow that Thomas had impliedly authorised
them to carry out the operations of the company. It would therefore flow that
Zhou Xing and James would have been able to, and did in fact, authorise Calvin
to execute the loans on behalf of the company.

Team 2 was part of Taiyo

28 Taiyo next argued that Team 2 was in fact set up by D&R to continue the
business of One Asia Investment Partners Pte Ltd (“One Asia”). One Asia was a
company that was substantially owned by SZDAREN. Any funds that were therefore
utilised by Team 2 should not be borne by Taiyo. A number of instances were
relied upon to distinguish Team 2 from Taiyo, namely:

(a) Save for James, the four employees in Team 2 were former employees of One
Asia.

(b) Team 2 had a different function, office and email domain from Team 1.

(c) Team 2’s revenue was channelled to D&R and ultimately reported to D&R.

29 The main thrust of Taiyo’s argument here, however, is that the purpose of
Team 2 was allegedly to launch a private equity fund, leveraging on Taiyo’s
status as a registered fund management company. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

DCS para 8.

This was done on behalf of D&R, which could not operate a private equity fund
in Singapore, being registered in China and not possessing the requisite
Singapore licence. This was all based on Thomas’ evidence in his affidavits.

30 It is unclear, however, how he was able to claim such an in-depth knowledge
of Taiyo’s operations, while maintaining that he was completely indifferent as
to how Taiyo operated (as above at [21]–[22]). In fact, Thomas’ evidence on
cross-examination only revealed that his allegations as to the purpose of Team
2 were completely speculative. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Transcript dated 11 September 2020, p 95 line 18 to p 97 line 16.

When questioned on why the various specialisations of the team members made it
seem like Team 2 was an asset management team, he could only respond that Zhou
Xing had indicated to him that Team 2 was in the private equities business.
When questioned on whether Team 2 could be engaged in a completely different
business, notwithstanding an intention to run a business similar to One Asia,
he conceded that “maybe” that could have been the case. Time and again,
however, the only answer he could provide was the supposed indications Zhou
Xing had given him. There was no other evidence to back up his claims.
Instead, it is entirely possible that Team 2 had engaged in a business similar
to One Asia but had branched out to other areas. Indeed, as Calvin testified:
“we call it the private equity fund and also the corporate financial advisory,
and so on and so forth.” 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Transcript dated 9 September 2020, p 119 lines 16–19.

31 The lack of foundation for Thomas’ allegations was a consistent theme in
Taiyo’s arguments. Again, Taiyo adduced no evidence to support its claim that
Team 2 was, in reality, carrying out the work for D&R and/or was servicing
D&R’s own clients. It has not satisfied its burden in showing that this
allegation was true or even accurate.

32 Additionally, I accept Calvin’s evidence that a different office for Team 2
was required due to a number of reasons, including the need for
confidentiality and proper premises to deal with high asset value clients. It
would be a stretch to allege wrongdoing simply because separate premises, or
even emails were utilised. Indeed, it would appear contrary to having two
separate teams, if the two teams were to be completely fused at the hip and
unable to operate independently.

The Loan Agreements were not sham or fabricated documents

33 The critical argument raised by Taiyo in relation to this issue was that
there were a number of versions of the Loan Agreements that were disclosed
during proceedings. In one of these earlier versions of the Loan Agreements,
Calvin had signed off as the “Head of Finance, Business Unit Two, One Asia
Investment Partners Pte Ltd” [emphasis added]. In Taiyo’s view, this indicated
that the sums were used for the benefit of One Asia and by implication, the
funds were being utilised for the benefit of D&R.

34 In my view, this is simply not borne out on the face of the documents
themselves. In particular, the Loan Agreements had expressly stated that the
sums were loaned from D&R to Taiyo, as an “intercompany loan”. Taiyo was
defined as the “Company” within the Loan Agreements. It was then expressly
provided, as stated above at [12(c)], that the loans were to be used for
specific purposes for benefit of the Company. These can only indicate that the
sums were utilised for the benefit of Taiyo.

35 I further accept Calvin’s explanation that he had made a clerical error in
signing off as a representative of One Asia. He was previously employed by One
Asia as Head of Finance. One Asia, however, was wound-up on 17 March 2017,
which meant that it simply could not have been a party to the Loan Agreements.
This mistake was subsequently discovered by one Ning Feng Jiao, an employee of
D&R. Calvin then prepared a revised copy of the Loan Agreements, re-executed
it and sent it again. In the circumstances, it cannot be said that the Loan
Agreements were fabricated or sham documents.

Overall observations

36 It is consistently clear that Taiyo’s various allegations are unfounded and
unbelievable. It appears more likely to be a desperate grasping for straws,
based on disparate instances of company operations that it disagreed with.
Quite simply, Taiyo’s failure to adduce a shred of evidence in relation to
their arguments inevitably means that its defence must fail. Even in relation
to Thomas’ evidence, which could have been critical, all that can be said is
that his position of indifference was not only incredible but damaging to
Taiyo’s own case.

37 In the circumstances, I find that the US$380,000 should have been repaid
pursuant to the Loan Agreements. There is no need for me to address the issue
of unjust enrichment in this case.

Conclusion

38 For the reasons given, I find that D&R has established its case and is
entitled to repayment of US$380,000, plus interests.

39 I will hear counsel on the issue of costs.

Lee Seiu Kin  
Judge of the High Court

Nandakumar Renganathan, Sharon Chong Chin Yee, Nandhu and Lorraine Cheung
(RHTLaw Asia LLP) for the plaintiff;

Lim Khoon and Sanjana Jayaraman (Eldan Law LLP) for the first defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 18 Feb 2021 (11:11 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

