Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC 188

Originating Summons No 454 of 2021

Between

| Marisol Llenos Foley  
---|---  
|  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| Harry Elias Partnership LLP  
---|---  
|  
  
… Defendant

judgment

[Legal Profession] — [Bill of costs] — [Professional conduct]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Marisol Llenos Foley

  
v

  

Harry Elias Partnership LLP

  

[2021] SGHC 188

General Division of the High Court — Originating Summons No 454 of 2021  
Philip Jeyaretnam JC  
9, 23 July 2021

5 August 2021 Judgment reserved.

Philip Jeyaretnam JC:

Introduction

1 When a client of a law firm has paid the bill, what are the special
circumstances in which the client may nonetheless obtain an order for
taxation?

2 The key to answering this question is that, unique among service providers,
a lawyer owes the client a duty to charge fairly and reasonably for work done.
The rationale for this duty is that lawyers make their living from the role
they play in access to justice. What a lawyer must do to comply with this duty
will in part depend on the knowledge and experience of the client.

3 In this case, the client while well-educated and fluent in English, was
certainly not used to litigation or dealing with lawyers when she engaged the
defendant to represent her in her divorce proceedings.

The parties

4 The plaintiff, Marisol Llenos Foley (“Ms Marisol”), engaged the defendant
law firm, Harry Elias Partnership LLP (“HEP”) to represent her in divorce
proceedings. While she holds a bachelor’s degree in sciences and psychology,
she appears to have been a homemaker since arriving with her ex-husband in
Singapore more than three decades ago. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Affidavit of Marisol Llenos Foley (dated 10 May 2021) at p 130.

HEP is well-known as a law firm experienced in handling matrimonial disputes.

Background to the dispute

5 Ms Marisol signed HEP’s engagement letter on 8 June 2019. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Reply Affidavit of Gill Carrie Kaur (dated 4 June 2021) at p 2039.

Divorce proceedings commenced, and her affidavit of assets and means was filed
on 30 October 2019. The divorce was uncontested. Ancillaries were resolved at
a one-day mediation conducted on 16 September 2020 under the auspices of the
Singapore Mediation Centre (“SMC”). 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions at [2].

HEP’s seventh and final invoice was issued on 18 January 2021. It is
proceeding for taxation. The previous six had been paid by Ms Marisol. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions at [3].

HEP raised Legal Profession Act (Cap 161, 2009 Rev Ed) (“LPA”) s 122 as a bar
to taxation in respect of the earlier six invoices. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions at [4]-[5].

6 Ms Marisol then filed this originating summons seeking an order under LPA s
120 for taxation of four of the earlier six invoices, namely:

(a) Invoice No. 146421 - $6,730.04

(b) Invoice No. 148672 - $23,451.86

(c) Invoice No. 149817 - $12,676.88

(d) Invoice No. 151764 - $8,596.38

7 In her supporting affidavit she set out the facts from which she sought to
prove to the court special circumstances within LPA s 122.

Procedural history

8 After hearing counsel, I invited them to file additional written submissions
in relation to whether there had been compliance with HEP’s obligation under
Legal Profession (Professional Conduct) Rules 2015 r 17(5), and if not whether
that amounted to a special circumstance under LPA s 122. Both parties availed
themselves of this opportunity.

The parties’ cases

9 Counsel for Ms Marisol made four points in oral argument. First, he
contended that she was an unsophisticated client who was also easily confused.
She had an anxiety condition which HEP was aware of. Secondly, the fees
eventually charged far exceeded the initial estimates which were never
properly revised and notified to her. Thirdly, there was great pressure on her
to pay the bills, and she genuinely feared that HEP would discharge themselves
from acting for her if she did not pay within the 14 days stipulated. He
illustrated her fragile state of mind by reference to how she had even sent a
screen shot of her “Safe entry” check-in at her bank to show HEP she was
making payment of their bill. Fourthly, all the invoices lacked details and
particulars.

10 Counsel for HEP is himself a partner of the law firm. He is mentioned in
HEP’s engagement letter as part of the team representing Ms Marisol. He
contended that she was not unsophisticated, given that she had a university
degree and three decades before had held a managerial position in a hotel in
the Philippines, where she had grown up. He also argued that her anxiety was
no more than one would expect for anyone going through divorce proceedings. As
for the fees charged exceeding the original estimates, he accepted that this
was the case and that it would have been better practice to have informed her
of revised estimates as the matter progressed. However, he argued that this
did not amount to a special circumstance. In relation to itemisation of bills,
he accepted that a lump sum bill was presented to Ms Marisol but relied on the
established practice that bills may be issued on a lump sum basis without
itemisation, unless a request for particulars is made. The cover letters to
the invoices did refer to the time costs incurred, and in fact the amounts
invoiced were always less than those time costs. As for pressure placed on her
to pay, he averred from the Bar that HEP would not have discharged themselves
if she had been late in payment. He also asserted that had queries been
raised, HEP would have answered them.

11 In Ms Marisol’s supporting affidavit and in her written submissions, she
had also asserted that she did not know what taxation was, and that it was
never explained to her by HEP. Consequently she did not know she had a right
to have the bills taxed. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Affidavit of Marisol Llenos Foley (dated 10 May 2021) at p 4.

While the reply affidavit filed by HEP contained a general denial, it did not
identify anyone who explained the engagement letter to her or state any belief
that she knew of her right to taxation. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Reply Affidavit of Gill Carrie Kaur (dated 4 June 2021) at p 19.

12 It was because the question of Ms Marisol’s knowledge of her right to tax
the bills was not fully addressed by HEP whether in written or oral
submissions that I invited parties to address it further.

Issues to be determined

13 To determine whether Ms Marisol has proved special circumstances within LPA
s 122, I will consider the following:

(a) whether Ms Marisol knew or ought to have known of her right to tax HEP’s
bills;

(b) if not, whether that amounts to a special circumstance explaining and
excusing her paying those bills without invoking or at least reserving her
right to taxation.

14 Before addressing these issues, I will consider and make some observations
concerning the professional rules and principles governing the relationship of
lawyer and client in relation to fees. I will also consider the engagement
letter signed by Ms Marisol.

Relevant professional rules and principles

15 Professional rules governing conduct in relation to fees were enacted in
1998, namely the Legal Profession (Professional Conduct) Rules 1998. They were
substantially revised in 2015 (S 706/2015). I shall refer to the 2015 edition
as the PCR. As the PCR uses the phrase “legal practitioner” I will adopt this
phrase in this section, even though generally in this judgment I use the plain
word “lawyer”. The LPA adopts the names “advocate and solicitor”, “advocate”
and “solicitor”, the last of which is also used in some judgments concerning
the legal profession. I use the name “solicitor” at some points of this
judgment as well.

16 PCR r 4 sets out principles that guide the interpretation of the rules.
These include two principles relevant to this matter. By PCR r 4(b), a legal
practitioner must fulfil their duty to the client “in a manner that upholds
the standing and integrity of the Singapore legal system and the legal
profession in Singapore”. By PCR r 4(e) a “legal practitioner must facilitate
the access of members of the public to justice”.

17 The establishment of principles to guide the interpretation of rules
governing professional conduct was a conscious and judicious step that
signalled both the importance of the spirit and intent of professional rules
and the necessity that a legal practitioner always keep in mind the higher
ideals of their profession. When practitioners focus only on the letter of
professional rules they run the risk of developing ethical myopia.

18 PCR r 17, which governs professional fees and costs, itself starts with the
expression of another principle, namely that a “legal practitioner must act in
the best interests of his or her client, and must charge the client fairly for
work done”.

19 PCR r 17(2)(a) requires that a legal practitioner “must not undertake work
in a manner that unnecessarily or improperly increases the costs that are
payable to the legal practitioner”. It is common for lawyers to agree hourly
rates with their clients; this rule makes clear that time must not be
unnecessarily or improperly incurred if charged to the client.

20 PCR r 17(3) sets out specific duties on the legal practitioner to provide
information to the client on a continuing basis. It reads:

(3) A legal practitioner must —

(a) inform his or her client of the basis on which fees for professional
services will be charged, and of the manner in which those fees and
disbursements (if any) are to be paid by the client;

(b) inform the client of any other reasonably foreseeable payments that the
client may have to make, either to the legal practitioner or to any other
party, and of the stages at which those payments are likely to be required;

(c) to the extent reasonably practicable and if requested by the client,
provide the client with estimates of the fees and other payments referred to
in sub-paragraphs (a) and (b), respectively; and

(d) ensure that the actual amounts of the fees and other payments referred to
in sub-paragraphs (a) and (b), respectively, do not vary substantially from
the estimates referred to in sub-paragraph (c), unless the client has been
informed in writing of any changed circumstances.

21 The wording of PCR r 17(3)(c) is a little infelicitous, as it could be read
to require a request from the client for an estimate before it can be said
that the lawyer must give one. Such a restrictive reading does not fit with
the principles that a lawyer must facilitate access to justice and must charge
fairly. At a practical level, there can be few if any consumers of services
who would not want to know in advance their estimated expense, and the absence
of such information undermines consumer choice of service provider. As I do
not have to decide whether this rule should be interpreted more broadly for
the purpose of this application, I do not reach a final view. What I would
observe is that if a lawyer provides an estimate this must be done in a way
that is meaningful, and if an estimate is provided it must be matched unless
circumstances change and the client is duly notified of the revised estimate
under PCR r 17(3)(d).

22 PCR r 17(5) is important. It obliges the legal practitioner to inform the
client of their right to have the bill taxed as follows:

If a client of a legal practitioner disputes or raises a query about a bill of
the legal practitioner in a matter (whether or not contentious), the legal
practitioner must inform the client in writing of the client’s right to apply
to the court to have the bill taxed or to review any fee agreement, unless the
legal practitioner believes that the client knows, or reasonably ought to
know, of that right.

23 Finally, I refer to the provisions in PCR r 26 concerning withdrawal from
representing a client. Lawyers are entitled to withdraw from representing a
client if their bills are not paid, but this is subject to the obligation
contained in PCR r 26(6) that the legal practitioner must nonetheless:

(a) take reasonable care to avoid foreseeable harm to the client, including,
where the circumstances permit —

(i) by giving reasonable notice of the withdrawal to the client;

(ii) by giving the client a reasonable amount of time to engage another legal
practitioner to take over the case or matter; and

(iii) by cooperating with the client’s new legal practitioner; …

24 Both the letter and the spirit of the PCR are supported by the mechanism of
taxation. This is an arcane word, that few lay clients understand. It refers
to the procedure by which the court reviews the bills of lawyers to determine
if they are fair and reasonable. Clients have the right to invoke this
procedure except in three situations. One situation, not relevant to this
matter, is where they have entered into an agreement respecting remuneration
within either LPA s 109 (non-contentious business) or s 111 (contentious
business). Nonetheless, any such agreement may be cancelled by the court if
found to be unfair or unreasonable. Another is where a year has passed since
the delivery of an invoice, and the third is where the invoice has been paid.
In both such situations however, taxation may be ordered if special
circumstances are proved. It is the third situation, and the question of
special circumstances, with which this matter is concerned.

25 Importantly, the right to have a bill taxed has been held to have
statutorily qualified the common law right to defend an action brought by a
solicitor on a bill: per the Court of Appeal in Koh Kim Teck v Shook Lin & Bok
LLP [2021] 1 SLR 596 at [68] and [69]. The Court of Appeal was considering the
taxation regime in the context of an appeal by a client who had failed to pay
a solicitor’s bills and been served with a statutory demand. In the course of
holding that taxation is the exclusive recourse for a client, the court noted
that “special circumstances” should not be construed narrowly, making the
following comments on LPA s 122:

66 We also note that the 12-month time limit provided for in s 122 of the LPA
is not cast in stone. An order may be made for taxation outside of the
specified period if the court finds that there are “special circumstances” to
so order. From the client’s perspective, this provides an additional
safeguard. As Coomaraswamy J held in Kosui at [61], there is no rigid rule as
to what kind of circumstances are sufficiently special to justify taxation of
a solicitor’s bill. Where it is apparent that there has been overcharging,
this would be a factor militating in favour of granting an order for taxation,
even if the s 122 of the LPA time limit has elapsed (see Ho Cheng Lay at
[28(b)]). Similarly, if the bills delivered are so lacking in particulars that
the client is unable to make an informed decision as to whether to apply for
taxation, or if the solicitor did not inform the client of the right to have
the bill taxed, the court may lean in favour of ordering taxation, if this is
appropriate in all the circumstances.

67 We add that for the purpose of s 122 of the LPA, the interest of the client
is adequately protected if “special circumstances” is not construed narrowly
against the client. After all, the provision is not intended to allow or
encourage solicitors to take advantage of ignorant or unsuspecting clients.

HEP’s engagement letter

26 An engagement letter provides the lawyer with the opportunity to fulfil
their duties concerning information about costs. Naturally, when a lawyer
takes this opportunity, this serves the subsidiary purpose of protecting them
should the client subsequently complain about the lawyer’s fees. However, the
tail of protecting the lawyer from unfair complaints must not wag the dog of
treating the client fairly. This reversal of priorities, unfortunately, seems
to have animated the drafting of HEP’s engagement letter.

27 HEP’s engagement letter appears to be drawn from a standard template used
by the law firm. It includes several paragraphs relating to fees. I now make
some observations about the more relevant parts of the engagement letter.

28 The engagement letter includes a general statement that “legal fees will be
based on hourly rates, based on the actual time spent in connection with this
matter.” 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Reply Affidavit of Gill Carrie Kaur (dated 4 June 2021) at p 2033.

The hourly rates of members of the team, designated either by name or by rank,
appear in a document described, ungrammatically, as an “Estimated Schedule of
Fees” 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Reply Affidavit of Gill Carrie Kaur (dated 4 June 2021) at pp 2040 to 2042.

attached to the engagement letter and itself also countersigned by Ms Marisol.

29 The engagement letter describes this estimate in multiply guarded language:
10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Reply Affidavit of Gill Carrie Kaur (dated 4 June 2021) at p 2033.

At your request, we may provide an estimate of our fees as an indication of
our likely charges for handling your matter, based on the information known to
us at the time the estimate is given. An estimate may be revised and is not
binding upon us. Any indication of a likely fee is an estimate only and may
change as matters progress and the extent of the work becomes apparent or you
change the scope of your instructions.

30 I would note that this rather awkward wording could be read as seeking to
limit the effect of PCR r 17(3)(d) which obliges the legal practitioner to
“ensure that the actual amounts of the fees … do not vary substantially from
the estimates … unless the client has been informed in writing of any changed
circumstances”. However, in my view it is not open to a legal practitioner to
limit the operation of the PCR through the engagement letter; rather the
engagement letter should be one of the means by which the legal practitioner
complies with their professional obligations.

31 As for the Estimated Schedule of Fees, it appears to be a general schedule.
There is no notation to relate what would be relevant to Ms Marisol’s
engagement. The closest entries are one for a “[c]ontested divorce and
ancillary matters that are resolved at Court mediation” for which the estimate
was about $10,000, and another for “[c]ontested divorce that is resolved at
Court mediation and contested ancillary matters that are resolved at Ancillary
Matters Hearing” for which the estimate was about $30,000 to 40,000. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Reply Affidavit of Gill Carrie Kaur (dated 4 June 2021) at p 2041.

To recap, in this matter the divorce was uncontested and the ancillaries were
resolved at an SMC mediation.

32 HEP’s engagement letter also provided for the consequences of non-payment
of bills. It warned the client “[i]f you do not pay the bill(s) rendered in
accordance with the agreement herein, we are at liberty to stop work on your
matter(s) and to discharge ourselves from further acting for you. Rights may
be lost if this happens, and we accept no liability for such loss.” 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Reply Affidavit of Gill Carrie Kaur (dated 4 June 2021) at p 2034.

33 While it is right to inform clients that non-payment may result in
discharge, it is not right to warn of rights being lost as a result and for
which the law firm will not be liable. This is language that seems designed to
deter clients from questioning bills before paying them. It also overlooks the
obligation under PCR r 26(6) to take reasonable care to avoid foreseeable harm
to the client when withdrawing from representing them, including where bills
have not been paid. In fact, it could be said to be misleading of what the
client’s rights are.

34 This is compounded by the language used on the one occasion when taxation
is referred to. HEP’s engagement letter said “[n]otwithstanding that you may
be able to apply to tax our bill pursuant to the provisions of the Legal
Profession Act, you agree that any disputes on our bills shall be resolved by
referring such disputes to the Law Society of Singapore for
mediation/arbitration under Cost Dispute Resolve.” 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Reply Affidavit of Gill Carrie Kaur (dated 4 June 2021) at p 2038.

35 First, the word “tax’ is not explained. It is not plain English at all. It
is legalese. To comprehend it requires a legal background, contrary to the
claim made in HEP’s reply affidavit 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Reply Affidavit of Gill Carrie Kaur (dated 4 June 2021) at p 20.

about the engagement letter. One would expect the use of the word to be
followed immediately with an explanation in plain English, along the lines
that taxation is a procedure available to the client by which the court would
review the bill to determine whether it is fair and reasonable.

36 Secondly, while mediation under the Law Society’s Cost Dispute Resolve
scheme should rightly be mentioned and offered to the client, this should be
presented only as an option. The Cost Dispute Resolve scheme, while
commendable and useful, should be an option mutually decided upon when a
dispute about fees arises. A law firm should not ordinarily seek at the time
of engagement to replace the client’s right to taxation of bills with an
alternative process for dispute resolution. To the extent an engagement letter
seeks to replace the right to taxation, this would be subject to the court’s
scrutiny for fairness and reasonableness, given the fundamental principles
that lawyers must act in the best interests of their clients and charge fairly
for work done. HEP did not in these proceedings seek to rely on this clause as
an exclusive choice of the Law Society’s Cost Dispute Resolve scheme.

37 Thirdly, an important point is missing. The client should be clearly
informed that it is possible to pay a bill and reserve the right to have it
taxed.

38 The short point is this. A client is not expected to engage another law
firm to review the engagement letter of the chosen law firm. The client,
especially a lay client seeing a lawyer for the first time, is entitled to
rely on the lawyer’s duty to act in their best interests. It is a relationship
of trust and confidence, and that extends to how fees are estimated and how
the client’s rights are explained in the process of entry into the engagement.
An engagement letter that fulfils the spirit of the PCR should include a
meaningful estimate of fees, the basis on which fees will be charged and a
clear explanation of a client’s right to tax bills.

Issue 1: Did Ms Marisol know or ought she to have known of her right to
taxation?

39 Ms Marisol said in her supporting affidavit that she did not know of her
right to taxation. She explained that she had not understood the word “tax”
that appeared in paragraph 40 of HEP’s engagement letter: 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Affidavit of Marisol Llenos Foley (dated 10 May 2021) at pp 3 to 4.

13\. As I was focused on getting on with my divorce and trusted HEP entirely,
I did not scrutinise every single paragraph of the Engagement Letter in
detail. On the contrary, I had expected a firm such as HEP to act in my best
interest by not overcharging me.

14\. After more than 30 years of being a housewife and being at the receiving
end of my ex-husband’s regular physical and verbal abuses, my self-confidence
had been sapped. Further, as a foreigner without family support in Singapore,
I felt completely helpless and alone throughout the ordeal.

15\. My ability to understand legalese or technical terms in the Engagement
Letter is limited and exacerbated by the stress that I was going through. As
far as I can recall, HEP did not explain the terms of the Engagement Letter
clause by clause to me, in particular, clause 40 which deals with taxation.

16\. While I understand the gist of the Engagement Letter, looking back clause
40 (on “taxation”) or its effect did not particularly strike me at that time
and nor do I recall paying much attention to it.

17\. I did not understand the meaning of the word “tax” in clause 40. My
understanding of the word “tax” was limited to the usual meaning of the word,
namely taxation by the tax authorities. Further, I was focused on engaging HEP
as my lawyers. As such entering into a “dispute” with HEP (as clause 40
contemplated) was the last thing on my mind.

18\. I did not know then that to “tax” a bill means seeking the court’s aid to
review the amount billed by HEP. As I was never provided with the details of
the work done (until recently), I was left to guess each time I received a
bill and trusted HEP not to overcharge me. I was wrong.

40 HEP’s reply affidavit did not expressly deny that their engagement letter
was not explained to Ms Marisol. HEP did not suggest that any part of it was
explained, nor identify any lawyer who did so. While the affidavit contained a
general denial of Ms Marisol’s allegation, this is a point on which, if HEP
disagreed, it was incumbent on it to say so clearly, with particulars.

41 I accept Ms Marisol’s evidence that she did not know about her right to tax
the bills.

42 Further, when Ms Marisol raised queries about the bills, HEP did not inform
her of her right to tax the bills. HEP has contended that she neither disputed
nor raised queries on the bills, and hence PCR r 17(5) was never engaged. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Defendant’s Further Submissions at [5].

This is not correct. For example, when Ms Marisol was sent Invoice No. 150435
on 15 June 2020 she immediately asked what the bill was for, given that there
had been no activity in the past three months. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Reply Affidavit of Gill Carrie Kaur (dated 4 June 2021) at pp 2069 to 2070.

In HEP’s response, they even assured her that if she had “other queries” she
could ask them, thus recognising that her email was indeed a query about the
bill. Another example is her request for a breakdown of the charges when she
was sent Invoice No. 150838. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Reply Affidavit of Gill Carrie Kaur (dated 4 June 2021) at p 2072.

A request for a breakdown is a query about a bill.

43 As they had only made a passing reference to taxation in their engagement
letter and had never explained this right to her, there was no reason for the
lawyers in HEP to believe that Ms Marisol knew or ought to have known of her
right to tax the bills. Moreover, HEP’s reply affidavit contains no statement
of any such belief. I conclude that HEP did not comply with PCR  
r 17(5). I hold that Ms Marisol neither knew nor ought to have known of her
right to tax the bills.

Issue 2: Has a special circumstance been proved?

44 The special circumstance must explain and excuse the fact that Ms Marisol
paid the bills without reserving her right to tax them (see Kosui Singapore
Pte Ltd v Thangavelu [2015] 5 SLR 722 at [63]). That she did not know of her
right to tax them is a sufficient excuse. If one does not know of a right, one
can hardly be faulted for not exercising it. That the taxation regime is the
only way a client may challenge a bill makes it all the more important that a
solicitor must clearly and in plain English inform the client of the right of
taxation.

45 I therefore accept and hold that Ms Marisol has proved a special
circumstance such that, notwithstanding her payment of the bills, she may
obtain an order for taxation of those bills.

46 I also add that the evidence supports three other special circumstances:

(a) HEP did not comply with PCR r 17(5);

(b) Ms Marisol was in an anxious state of mind, and, being concerned about
being left in the lurch by HEP should she not pay the bills within the
stipulated period of 14 days, paid them in haste;

(c) The bills, taken together with their accompanying cover letters, were
lacking in particulars, both in terms of the work done to date and in how each
bill related to the anticipated overall bill, whether by reference to an
original estimate or a revised estimate.

47 The last point highlights an important principle. The client upon receipt
of a bill should be able to understand clearly whether the original estimate
holds. This may require additional explanation in the cover letter.

Conclusion

48 Much of HEP’s reply affidavit defends the reasonableness of their fees.
That is not a matter for this application. It is a matter to be considered at
taxation. But I do make one observation. Under LPA s 120(3) it is always open
to a lawyer to consent to taxation, even when the bill has been paid. With the
lawyer’s consent, the registrar may tax the bill without any order for
taxation being made. Lawyers facing questions from clients over their bills
should not only inform them of the right to taxation, but as a matter of
fairness and prudence also offer to have them taxed. Lawyers should take to
heart the wise words of Chief Justice Chan Sek Keong in Law Society of
Singapore v Andre Ravindran Saravanapavan Arul [2011] 4 SLR 1184 at [33]:

All solicitors should act on the basis that they can have their bills of costs
taxed under the law, and they must remember that many clients do not know
this. Accordingly, they have an obligation to inform their clients of this
option, and they fail or omit to do so at their peril. A solicitor who offers
to have his bill of costs taxed is, in our view, unlikely to have the frame of
mind or intention to overcharge his client.

49 I make an order for taxation under LPA s 120. I will hear counsel both on
any directions or conditions to be included in the order and on the costs of
this application.

Philip Jeyaretnam  
Judicial Commissioner|  
---|---  
  
Yow Choon Seng Morris and Yau Yin Ting Xenia (Infinity Legal LLC) for the
plaintiff;

Koh Tien Hua and Chan Qi Ming Eugene (Harry Elias Partnership LLP) for the
defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 05 Aug 2021 (09:54 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

