Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC 222

Suit No 881 of 2020

Between

| AMG Global Investments & Holdings Pte Ltd (in Liquidation)  
---|---  
|  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Ong Kee Ming Richard  
---|---  
(2)| Koh Ting Giap  
  
… Defendants

judgment

[Companies] — [Directors] — [Duties] — [Companies Act s 145(5)]

[Companies] — [Directors] — [Duties] — [Companies Act s 157]

[Companies] — [Directors] — [Remuneration] — [Companies Act s 169]

[Companies] — [Directors] — [Liabilities] — [Companies Act s 391]

[Trusts] — [Accessory liability] — [Dishonest assistance]

[Trusts] — [Recipient liability] — [Knowing receipt]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
AMG Global Investments & Holdings Pte Ltd (in Liquidation)

  
v

  

Ong Kee Ming Richard and another

  

[2021] SGHC 222

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 881 of 2020  
Philip Jeyaretnam JC  
23–25 June, 6 August 2021

28 September 2021 Judgment reserved.

Philip Jeyaretnam JC:

Introduction

1 For a decade, the defendants had wished that their fellow director would
finally live up to his boast of being able to bring in a big deal. The second
defendant gave up on waiting and left the plaintiff company. Unfortunately for
the first defendant, his wish came true two years later, when their colleague
finally secured his long-anticipated big deal, and millions flowed into the
plaintiff company’s account. The company seemed set to soar. The first
defendant signed off on a series of withdrawals, before suffering a nervous
collapse and resigning from his directorship. The second defendant returned as
the required locally resident director. The withdrawals continued, and
eventually the plaintiff company was wound up on the application of the
counterparty to that big deal.

2 The liquidator has brought this action against the defendants for having
authorised or allowed the withdrawals, which, according to the liquidator, the
defendants failed to verify or even question, and were not in the interests of
the plaintiff company.

Facts

The parties

3 The plaintiff is AMG Global Investments & Holdings Pte Ltd (“AMG”), a
company incorporated in Singapore with the objects of trading in metals and
providing financial services. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Mr Abuthahir s/o Abdul Gafoor’s affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“Mr
Abuthahir’s AEIC”) at p 80.

4 The plaintiff was wound up on 9 March 2018, based on an unsatisfied
statutory demand dated 22 November 2017 in the amount of US$2,145,000. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Mr Abuthahir’s AEIC at paras 3 and 5 and pp 75–76 and 84–85.

It is Mr Abuthahir s/o Abdul Gafoor (the “Liquidator”) of AAG Corporate
Advisory Pte Ltd who has brought this action. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Statement of Claim (“SOC”) at para 3.

5 The first defendant is Mr Ong Kee Ming Richard (“Mr Ong”), a Singapore
citizen who was a director of AMG from 13 September 2006 to 25 September 2017.
4

##### Foot Note 4

×

SOC at para 4.

The second defendant is Mr Koh Ting Giap (“Mr Koh”), a Singapore citizen who
was a director of AMG first from 13 September 2006 to 10 January 2014, and
again from 25 September 2017 until AMG was wound up. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

SOC at para 5.

The petitioning creditor was Food & Beverage Cap Co Ltd (“F&BCo”), a company
incorporated in Thailand. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Mr Abuthahir’s AEIC at para 5.

6 There was one other director, an Indian national, Mr Manu
Poovannunilkunnathil Kuttappan (“Mr Manu”), who was a director from 18 October
2007 until AMG was wound up. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

SOC at para 6.

The Liquidator does not know where he is. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Mr Abuthahir’s AEIC at para 59.

7 Mr Manu and Mr Ong were the joint signatories to AMG’s account with Standard
Chartered Bank (Singapore) Limited (“SCB” and the “SCB Account”) during the
period 23 August 2017 to 21 September 2017, 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Mr Abuthahir’s AEIC at para 8.

with Mr Manu becoming the sole signatory from about 26 September 2017. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Mr Abuthahir’s AEIC at para 9.

Background to the dispute

8 From October 2007 onwards, Mr Manu, Mr Ong and Mr Koh were directors of AMG
together. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Mr Abuthahir’s AEIC at paras 6–7.

For many years, AMG did very little business. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Mr Koh Ting Giap’s affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“Mr Koh’s AEIC”) at para 3.

It does appear to have incurred expenses, including rental of premises for
some period. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Mr Koh’s AEIC at para 4; Bundle of Documents & Affidavits of Evidence-in-Chief
Vol 2 (“2BOD”) 801–804.

Mr Manu talked big about potential deals but these did not materialise. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Mr Ong’s Defence at para 32; Mr Koh’s AEIC at para 5; Transcript, 23 June
2021, p 48 ll 15–18.

Mr Koh left AMG in early 2014 for this reason, 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Mr Koh’s AEIC at para 5.

and Mr Manu and Mr Ong continued as directors. Unexpectedly, for Mr Ong at
least, Mr Manu suddenly secured a deal with F&BCo which resulted in the
deposit of US$2,764,104.53 into the SCB Account on 25 August 2017. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Mr Ong’s Defence at paras 15–17; Mr Abuthahir’s AEIC at para 35(b) and p 237.

Prior to a small deposit of US$7.22 into the SCB Account on 23 August 2017,
the account balance had been zero. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Mr Abuthahir’s AEIC at paras 35(a) and (b) and p 237.

9 The deal AMG did with F&BCo is unusual. F&BCo apparently requested that AMG
receive an irrevocable confirmed documentary letter of credit (the “DLC”) in
the sum of US$2,860,000 issued by Kasikornbank Public Company Limited of
Bangkok, Thailand (“Kasikornbank”) pursuant to a discounting/monetizing
agreement and memorandum of understanding dated 21 June 2017 between AMG and
F&BCo (the “MOU”). 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Bundle of Cause Papers in HC/CWU 25/2018 & HC/OS 1085/2018 (“CWU BCP”) 17–39.

Under the terms of the MOU, AMG was to pay 75% of the value back to F&BCo –
ie, the sum of US$2,145,000 – within three business days. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

CWU BCP 18 at cll A and E.

A further 5% of the value, namely US$143,000, was to be paid to White Lotus
Cosmetics Limited (“White Lotus”), described as a service fee in the MOU. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

CWU BCP 18 at cl B.

The balance 20% of the value – ie, US$572,000 – was “non-recourse payment for
AMG”. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

CWU BCP 18 at cl C.

10 A documentary letter of credit is an instrument which facilitates the sale
of goods. It is a contract by which an issuing bank agrees upon the
application of the buyer to pay the seller of goods upon presentation of
specified documents evidencing that the goods have been shipped by the seller
to the buyer (usually internationally). On the expiry of a specified period,
usually after he receives the goods, the buyer pays the issuing bank. The
issuing bank also charges the buyer a fee for this facility. This arrangement,
which underpinned the development of modern cross-border commerce, typically
has these three participants of buyer, seller and issuing bank, the last of
whom may appoint another bank to negotiate the presentation of documents for
payment in the country where the seller is located.

11 In more recent times, a fourth participant is sometimes added, and plays a
purely financing role. This fourth participant discounts or monetizes the
documentary letter of credit by paying the seller an agreed percentage of the
face value of the letter of credit before the presentation of documents by the
buyer to the issuing bank. He is known as the discounter or monetizer. The
monetizer would then receive payment from the issuing bank in place of the
seller. This allows the seller to receive earlier in time a substantial part
of the payment. The monetizer’s reward is the difference between his
discounted payment to the seller and the face value subsequently paid by the
buyer via the negotiating and issuing banks.

12 Under the arrangement between AMG and F&BCo, AMG was, at least on paper,
the seller of 1,000 metric tons of aluminium sheets to F&BCo and would receive
its payment via the DLC issued by Kasikornbank. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

CWU BCP 162 at para 7.

However, under the MOU, AMG also took on the role of discounter or monetizer,
blending that role with its other role of seller. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

CWU BCP 18.

13 Under the terms of the arrangement between AMG and F&BCo, AMG retained 20%
of the sale price (ie, US$572,000), as its “non-recourse payment”. The balance
80% of what flowed from Kasikornbank to AMG was to be paid to White Lotus (5%)
and F&BCo (75%). Ultimately, F&BCo would have to pay Kasikornbank the full
face value of the DLC (and any associated interest or other fees applicable
under its facility with Kasikornbank, which was not before me). AMG’s counsel
confirmed that this was the structure of the arrangement between AMG and
F&BCo, while simultaneously asserting from the Bar that these terms were known
to Kasikornbank. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Transcript, 24 June 2021 p 102 ln 16 to p 105 ln 19.

I consider it more likely, however, that this was a transaction primarily
intended to facilitate the flow of money, and am not persuaded and do not make
any finding that its true nature was known to Kasikornbank or SCB.

14 Indeed, the only logical inference is that Mr Manu on behalf of AMG
presented false delivery documents in order to receive payment of US$2,860,000
from Kasikornbank via the negotiating bank (ie, SCB). Had Mr Manu then caused
AMG to perform its role under the MOU of paying 75% to F&BCo and 5% to White
Lotus, AMG would have retained the balance 20% making a profit of US$572,000.

15 AMG did not supply F&BCo with the 1,000 metric tons of aluminium sheets 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

CWU BCP 166 at para 18.

(although, as I have said, it must have presented purported delivery documents
to Kasikornbank in order to obtain payment). Neither did AMG pay the agreed-
upon US$2,145,000 to F&BCo. F&BCo opted to pursue the payment of the
US$2,145,000 through the issue of the statutory demand on 22 November 2017. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

CWU BCP 4–5.

16 There is an additional background aspect that it is helpful to sketch,
namely AMG’s shareholding over the years. The full picture was not provided by
parties, but a rough outline emerges. First, as a result of three allotments
taking place in September and October 2006, Mr Ong originally held 100,000
shares, 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

2BOD 767 and 774.

while Mr Koh was the registered owner of 1,080,000 shares, of which 1,079,996
shares were allotted to Mr Koh as a nominee holding on trust for a company
called Weeds Natural Remedies Pte Ltd (“Weeds”), in consideration of the
provision by Weeds of certain formulae for natural health supplements and an
eight-year licence to exclusive use of certain registered trade marks. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

2BOD 770–771.

Lastly, 100,000 shares were held by a third person, who has since ceased to
have any association with AMG. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

2BOD 767 and 774.

17 Mr Ong gave no clear evidence of what became of his shareholding, but a
directors’ resolution dated 21 September 2017 shows that at the time, 640,000
shares were registered in his name. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

2BOD 777.

As for Mr Koh, although his evidence was that he had entrusted all his shares
to Mr Ong when he left AMG in 2014, 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Transcript, 25 June 2021, p 46 ln 23 to p 47 ln 21.

a director’s resolution dated 25 September 2017 records a transfer of 640,000
shares from him to Mr Manu. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

2BOD 776.

What is clear is that by 23 January 2018, at least, Mr Manu had become the
100% owner of AMG. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Mr Abuthahir’s AEIC at p 81.

18 A third point is also material by way of background. AMG seems to have had
no assets other than the balance in the SCB Account. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Mr Abuthahir’s AEIC at para 28.

Nor does it seem to have had any business that might be the source of revenue.
35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Mr Ong’s Defence at para 32; Mr Koh’s AEIC at para 5.

The significance of this is that once the balance in the SCB Account fell
below the US$2,145,000 AMG owed to F&BCo, AMG would no longer have been able
to pay that debt, and would have been insolvent. AMG reached this state on or
about 29 August 2017. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Mr Abuthahir’s AEIC at p 237.

Further large payments and withdrawals continued to take place after that. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Mr Abuthahir’s AEIC at pp 237–244.

Procedural history

19 While AMG is represented, both Mr Ong and Mr Koh are litigants-in-person.
At the start of trial, Mr Ong had not filed any affidavit of evidence-in-
chief. I nonetheless allowed him to give evidence, notwithstanding AMG’s
objection. Mr Ong’s decision to give evidence followed my explanation to him
that only statements made by him in the witness box would be relied on by me,
but that if he gave evidence he would be subject to cross-examination. I
considered my intervention to be necessary to ensure a just and fair trial,
but I remained mindful that any leeway given to the defendants should not mean
that they could act without regard to the court’s rules and procedures. In
this case, I found that, upon my providing the defendants with some
explanation of the process, both acted responsibly and respectfully. I also
sought to ensure – and was satisfied – that the plaintiff was not prejudiced
in its conduct of the case by any indulgence given to the defendants as
litigants-in-person.

The parties’ cases

20 AMG’s case is that Mr Ong breached his director’s duties in respect of the
payments made out of the SCB Account in the period 25 August 2017 to 21
September 2017, 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

SOC at para 11.

while Mr Koh breached his director’s duties in respect of payments made out of
the SCB Account in the period 28 September 2017 to 2 July 2018. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

SOC at para 19.

AMG says that none of these payments provided commercial or other benefit,
whether actual or apparent, to the company, and that the defendants did not
check or verify the transactions at all. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

SOC at paras 11 and 19.

21 AMG has also pleaded knowing receipt against Mr Ong in respect of
US$74,699.11 and against Mr Koh in respect of US$74,706.20. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

SOC at paras 16 and 24.

. AMG also included dishonest assistance in its closing submissions, 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

AMG’s closing submissions at paras 29(f) and 151–168.

although this was not pleaded. However, both are forms of accessory liability
where the wrongdoer has either assisted in another’s breach of trust or
received assets of a trust transferred by the trustee to him in breach of
trust. In this case, both the defendants were directors of AMG. Consequently,
both owed fiduciary duties to AMG. Thus, if they dishonestly assisted Mr Manu
in a breach of his fiduciary duty, they would have primary liability for
breach of their own fiduciary duty to AMG. Similarly, if they knowingly
received assets of AMG under circumstances where it was unconscionable for
them to retain the benefit of those assets, they would, as directors, be
liable for unauthorised self-dealing with those assets. The one exception for
which knowing receipt is relevant is Mr Koh’s receipt of US$37,458.77 prior to
his becoming a director, which was the first transaction in knowing receipt
pleaded against him. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

SOC at para 19(a).

22 AMG called as witnesses only the Liquidator and his assistant, Ms Yessica
Budiman. Naturally, neither had any personal knowledge of the events in
question and relied on documents in AMG’s possession or obtained by them from
SCB.

23 Mr Ong raised a general defence that he was not in a fit mental state
during some or all of this period. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Mr Ong’s Defence at para 7.

He said Mr Manu took advantage of his frailty to manipulate and oppress him.
45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Mr Ong’s Defence at paras 8, 11 and 13.

In relation to some of the payments, he contended that they were valid
payments for the benefit of the company. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Mr Ong’s Defence at paras 23–25.

In response to AMG’s lawyers’ letter of demand dated 21 February 2020, 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Mr Abuthahir’s AEIC at pp 337–340.

he set out the gist of his defence in the second paragraph of his letter dated
2 March 2020: 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Mr Abuthahir’s AEIC at pp 341–342.

During the time of my alleged breach of duties, I was in a poor health, both
physically and mentally. Mr Manu was a friend and business partner of mine for
many years and I trusted that he would conduct the business and handle the
account of AMG Global. He did not want me to interfere and told me to let him
handle everything as he was the one who brought in the business and money for
AMG Global and knew how best to run it. On the occasions that I asked Mr Manu
what certain documents or payments were for, he would say that they were
legitimate business payments. As he was aware of my weak health, he would
intimidate me by raising his voice at me and insisting that I counter-sign as
he instructed. I am sure that the bank officers who attended to us will recall
witnessing my poor mental state and Mr Manu’s pressure tactics. As I was
unwell and intimidated by Mr Manu, I relied on Mr Manu’s representation that
they are valid payments for the business and that he would account for it and
do the account records.

24 Mr Koh raised a general defence that he had provided (through Weeds) AMG’s
original business involving health supplement products and further was owed
$814,000 by AMG. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Mr Koh’s closing submissions at paras A1–A2.

He said he had lent this money to AMG over the years for various expenses,
including rental and renovation costs. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Mr Koh’s closing submissions at paras C1–C4.

It was with a view to being repaid some of his prior loans that he re-joined
the company as the requisite locally resident director. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Mr Koh’s closing submissions at para F4.

He gave Mr Manu a free hand because by then Mr Manu was the sole signatory and
shareholder of AMG. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Mr Koh’s closing submissions at para G4.

He also raised specific defences in respect of some of the payments made by
AMG during the relevant period. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Mr Koh’s closing submissions at paras G1–G2.

The nub of his defence was set out in his affidavit of evidence-in-chief, with
the years as corrected by him when he commenced his evidence: 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Mr Koh’s AEIC at paras 5 and 6.

5\. As Mr. Manu did not bring in any business and funds since 2006, I left AMG
around 2014 in order to focus on my own transactions as I did not have time to
keep in close touch with Mr. Manu and AMG’s business. The understandings and
conditions with Mr. Manu were for AMG to pay back my loan whenever Mr. Manu
managed to bring in funds despite I left AMG. I rejoined AMG upon request from
Mr. Manu in [2017]. Mr. Manu told me that he monetized a Letter of Credit and
Mr. Richard Ong was not co-operating with him such that he wanted me to be the
local Director for AMG. However he wanted to be the 100% shareholder as well
as the sole signatory of the AMG bank account and continued to be the CEO so
that he could run AMG’s business better as the main decision maker. I raised
my concern on my Director’s responsibility and Mr Manu told me that he would
take full responsibility of all AMG’s matters as he is also the Director/CEO
of AMG as well as the sole shareholder and bank account signatory. As the CEO
of AMG, Mr Manu had full authority to run AMG’s business as well as the
responsibility. Despite this, I did mention to Mr. Manu that all the company
business needed to be run in proper order as I did not want to get into any
trouble and Mr. Manu gave me his commitment. Maintaining AMG in proper order
was also in line with the expectation to cater for more business to come in.
Other than helping Mr. Manu with AMG’s business, I also wanted AMG to pay back
to me on my loan. Mr. Manu told me that he could only afford to pay me two
payments of 50,000 SGD each as partial repayment of my loan to AMG. I asked
Mr. Manu for more payments as I knew that the total monetized sum was around 3
million dollars. However, Mr. Manu told me that he already had payment
schedule with commitments to various parties before I re-joined AMG. But he
promised that he would pay more and possibly settled the full remaining amount
when the next fund comes in.

6\. I did not hold any share of AMG when I rejoined in [2017] and only served
as local Director as per Mr. Manu’s terms. Mr. Manu, as the CEO, was the sole
signatory of the AMG bank accounts and he told me that he would be fully
responsible for all AMG’s business and matters. Only Mr Manu knew all the
AMG’s business contacts and he did all the business communication with those
business contacts. Despite this, I met Mr. Manu very frequently to catch up on
AMG’s business as well as contributed my input on those business that I have
knowledge. I learnt that part of the monetized proceeds needed to be paid back
to the issuer of the Letter of Credit. However as most of the decisions on the
distribution of fund already made before I re-joined according to what Mr.
Manu told me when I discussed with him, I was not able to cause changes in
these already made decisions before I joined. I did all I could to try to talk
to Mr. Manu to ensure the proper handling of the funds as I did not want AMG
and the Directors to get into trouble. I also wanted to get back the rest of
all my loan to AMG. As such there is no doubt on my great effort in trying to
work with Mr. Manu to handle AMG’s business and funds in proper order, both
from AMG as well as my own personal interest.

25 I also informed parties that I intended to consider the question whether
Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) (“Companies Act”) s 391 might apply to one
or both defendants so as to excuse them from some or all of their liability
and invited them to address me on this question. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Transcript, 23 June 2021, p 34 ln 13 to p 35 ln 5.

While neither defendant had specifically invoked this section, I considered
that in substance much of their defences was that they had acted honestly and
so should be excused. I therefore felt that this was a point which the court
should consider of its own motion, with notice to the parties.

Issues to be determined

26 I will deal with the issues raised in the following order:

(a) The duties of a director in respect of payments made by the company;

(b) The elements of knowing receipt;

(c) Whether Mr Ong was in a fit mental state at the relevant time and if so
what the impact of this is on his potential liability;

(d) Whether Mr Koh had contributed capital or made loans to AMG and if so what
the impact of this is on his potential liability;

(e) Whether Mr Ong was in breach of duty in relation to the specific payments
claimed against him;

(f) Whether Mr Koh was in breach of duty in relation to the specific payments
claimed against him, or liable for knowing receipt in relation to the monies
paid to him before he re-joined as a director; and

(g) Whether either of them should be excused from liability under Companies
Act s 391.

Issue 1: The duties of a director

27 AMG has correctly identified and relied on the principal duties of a
director in relation to transactions of the company. These are:

(a) To act bona fide in the interests of the company;

(b) To act for a proper corporate purpose;

(c) To avoid placing oneself in a situation where one’s interest conflicts
with one’s duty; and

(d) To exercise reasonable skill and care.

28 AMG relies both on the general law concerning directors’ duties as well as
the provisions of Companies Act s 157.

29 In short, a director who authorises a payment to be made by the company
must believe that the payment is for a proper purpose of the company. In
forming that belief, he needs to take reasonable steps to understand the
transaction, and to have sight of supporting documentation. What those steps
should be will depend on the circumstances, including the size of the
transaction. A director is entitled to rely on information provided to him by
others in the company, including a fellow director, so long as he does so both
honestly and reasonably. He is also entitled to rely on such system of checks
as has been instituted within the company. At the same time, he must keep an
enquiring mind. If he turns a blind eye to suspicious circumstances, then he
has not acted honestly and reasonably.

30 This matter concerns a small company, where at the material times there
were only two directors: first Mr Ong and Mr Manu, and then Mr Manu and Mr
Koh. There was no system involving staff checking or documenting the purpose
of payments. In these circumstances, the enquiry reduces into whether they
honestly believed the payments were for proper corporate purposes and could
reasonably rely on what Mr Manu said about them in forming any such belief.

Issue 2: The elements of knowing receipt

31 The elements of knowing receipt are well-established: see, for example, the
Court of Appeal decision in George Raymond Zage III and another v Ho Chi Kwong
and another [2010] 2 SLR 589 at [23]. In the context of a company, they may be
stated as follows:

(a) There has been a disposal of the company’s assets in breach of fiduciary
duty.

(b) The defendant has beneficially received that asset (or an asset traceable
to the company’s assets).

(c) The defendant knew that his receipt is traceable to a breach of fiduciary
duty, such that it is unconscionable for him to retain the asset.

Issue 3: Mr Ong’s mental fitness

32 Mr Ong produced a memo from Clementi Polyclinic dated 26 February 2020
which recorded that he had previously visited the clinic in September 2017 and
been referred to the National University Hospital “to investigate a possible
psychosis episode”. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

2BOD 796.

The memo also recorded that “[h]e was later seen by the psychiatric team in
NUH with impression psychotic depression”. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

2BOD 796.

After checking with his wife, he testified that he was warded at the Institute
of Mental Health (“IMH”) for three weeks from 15 October 2017. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Transcript, 25 June 2021, p 98.

He did not produce any document to support this fact, but it was not contested
by AMG’s counsel, who instead took the position that as Mr Ong was warded only
about three weeks after his resignation from his directorship it had little or
no bearing on his responsibility for the withdrawals made while he was a
director. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

AMG’s closing submissions at para 225(b).

33 I have no doubt that Mr Ong was stressed to the point of mental collapse by
the demands placed on him by Mr Manu. I accept that Mr Manu shouted at him
from time to time, and psychologically pressured him to comply. There has been
no complaint of physical intimidation or any use of violence on him. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Transcript, 24 June 2021, p 86 ln 7 to p 87 ln 3.

34 However, I find that in terms of cause and effect, it was not poor mental
health that made him agree to sign off on withdrawals and payments; instead,
it was his realisation that he had signed off on withdrawals and payments
which were not for proper purposes of the company and Mr Manu’s continued
pressure on him to sign off on further withdrawals and payments that caused
him to suffer a mental collapse. When exactly that collapse occurred is
unclear, but his admission to IMH only occurred about three weeks after he had
ceased to be a director. He did apparently attend Clementi Polyclinic in
September 2017, but it is not clear whether this was before the last payment
he signed off on, which was on 21 September 2017, or only after that.

35 I consider it significant that Mr Ong was in a fit enough state of mind on
or about 11 August 2017 to ask for and obtain from Mr Manu a handwritten
confirmation that Mr Manu took full responsibility for the payments made from
the SCB Account as well as the procurement and supply of the goods mentioned
in the DLC. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

2BOD 790.

This was an effective way of ensuring that he could seek recourse from Mr Manu
should he be held liable to anyone in relation to those payments. It shows
that he understood his potential liability and the importance of taking steps
to protect himself. What Mr Manu’s confirmation of his own full responsibility
does not do, however, is displace or otherwise avoid Mr Ong’s own
responsibility to AMG as a director.

36 I conclude that Mr Ong fully understood his actions while a director of AMG
and cannot be excused from liability for those actions by virtue of any
alleged mental infirmity.

37 Mr Ong also raised this issue in the context of allegations of duress and
deceit against Mr Manu. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Mr Ong’s Defence at para 30.

AMG points out that insofar as Mr Manu applied pressure on Mr Ong or did not
tell him the true purpose of the payments and withdrawals, Mr Manu was not
acting on behalf of AMG. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

AMG’s closing submissions at para 218.

It was Mr Ong’s duty to AMG to resist such pressure and check on the purpose
of the payments and withdrawals that Mr Manu asked him to countersign. Hence,
whether Mr Manu applied pressure or deceived Mr Ong falls to be considered in
relation to each withdrawal or payment and may have a bearing on whether Mr
Ong acted honestly and reasonably.

Issue 4: Mr Koh’s capital or loan contributions

38 Mr Koh relied on Weeds’ having provided AMG with its original business, ie,
its health supplement formulae and a license for certain registered trade
marks. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Mr Koh’s closing submissions at para B1.

Mr Koh testified that Weeds was his company, and so this contribution was
effectively his. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Transcript, 25 June 2021, p 30 ln 29–32.

However, even assuming that to be the case, Weeds’ or Mr Koh’s contribution
took the form of equity capital. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

2BOD 770–771.

AMG was under no obligation to him in respect of his holding shares in AMG. It
would only have been through a process of liquidation that he could look for
the return of his capital. Indeed, with his transfer to Mr Manu of his
remaining 640,000 shares on 25 September 2017, he ceased to be a shareholder
of AMG.

39 Mr Koh also relied on loans that he said AMG was obliged to repay him. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Mr Koh’s closing submissions at paras C1–C5.

Mr Koh referred to his email dated 13 June 2009 to Mr Manu which recorded his
contribution as: 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

2BOD 802.

Koh: Total cash plus loan plus office expenses plus office renovation = 205 +
85 + 315 + 300 = 905 k

40 Similar but not identical figures were provided by Mr Koh in an email to Mr
Ong dated 28 July 2009, namely: 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

2BOD 803.

So the total cash/liability from my part is: $614K (205+94+315,
cash+loan+office rental expenses respectively). …

41 AMG contends that Mr Koh had not proven that he had made these loans to or
spent money on AMG’s behalf. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

AMG’s closing submissions at para 250; AMG’s reply submissions at paras 44–48.

AMG’s main point is that if Mr Koh was owed money, he would not have left AMG
in January 2014, when he says he gave up his shareholding as well. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

AMG’s reply submissions at para 45.

I do not accept this point. As AMG had not been a success at all, he may well
have simply given it up as a venture gone bad, without waiving any debt he was
owed.

42 I accept that Mr Koh had indeed lent some money to AMG and incurred
expenses on AMG’s behalf, as evidenced by his emails to Mr Manu and Mr Ong
respectively, sent long before these proceedings commenced. I find that Mr
Koh’s conduct in 2017 is consistent with and supports his belief that AMG owed
him a substantial sum of money. However, as he did not provide receipts or
other records it is not possible to make a finding of the exact amount.

43 AMG has not raised any contention concerning the possible expiry of any
limitation period. I have considered the point nonetheless. The expiry of any
limitation period only bars the seeking of a remedy through legal proceedings
and does not extinguish the underlying debt. Hence, even if any action was
statute-barred, it remained reasonable for Mr Koh to seek to have the debt
repaid.

44 I accept that when Mr Koh agreed to re-join AMG it was at least in part
because, now that AMG had funds, he believed that he was entitled to be paid
back his past expenditure in relation to AMG. However, that he was owed money
by AMG did not relieve him of his duties as a director of AMG.

Issue 5: Mr Ong’s liability

45 There were nineteen withdrawals from the SCB Account that Mr Ong
countersigned as joint signatory. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Mr Abuthahir’s AEIC at pp 250–302.

In addition, Mr Ong signed a security agreement in relation to a facility
granted by SCB to AMG. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Mr Abuthahir’s AEIC at p 563.

AMG claims against him in respect of all of them. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

AMG’s closing submissions at paras 22–23 and 26–27.

In my view, Mr Ong initially believed that Mr Manu was following up on his
sudden success and reasonably relied on what Mr Manu told him. From his past
dealings with Mr Manu he had no reason to believe him to be dishonest. I
consider that Mr Ong himself is an honest man who tried to do the right thing
in terms of AMG. However, at some point he began to suspect and eventually
realised that Mr Manu was probably stripping AMG of funds. He quarrelled with
Mr Manu repeatedly and tried to avoid going to the bank when summoned, but
unfortunately took the path of least resistance and reluctantly countersigned
on withdrawals or payments. He wanted to resign and it is obvious that he felt
under considerable pressure and mental strain. The question for the court is
at which point Mr Ong understood or ought to have understood that the payments
were not for proper purposes of AMG, and yet nonetheless countersigned them. I
will now consider each of the payments and withdrawals in turn.

Cash withdrawal of US$11,216.75 on 25 August 2017

46 This withdrawal of cash was for Mr Manu’s personal expenses. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Transcript, 24 June 2021, p 42 ln 17 to p 43 ln 18.

Cross-examination of Mr Ong elicited his concession that it did not benefit
AMG, 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Transcript, 24 June 2021, p 47 ln 8–10.

and that he did not obtain from Mr Manu an explanation of or supporting
documents for the expenses. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Transcript, 24 June 2021, p 43 ln 21–26 and p 44 ln 1–6.

47 However, given that this took place shortly after Mr Manu successfully
brought substantial funds to AMG, I accept that Mr Ong at the time thought it
was a legitimate payment. I therefore do not allow this claim.

Payment of US$22,556.39 on 25 August 2017 to ORO Trading Pte Ltd

48 This payment was made on Mr Manu’s representation that it was to repay a
deposit of S$31,000.00 paid by ORO Trading Pte Ltd to AMG for a failed gold
trade in December 2015/January 2016. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Transcript, 24 June 2021, p 54 ln 17 to p 56 ln 17; Mr Abuthahir’s AEIC at
para 61(c).

Mr Ong signed off on this without knowing if the sum was accurate or much
about the transaction. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

Transcript, 24 June 2021, p 55 ln 17–23.

Nonetheless, there was nothing implausible about Mr Manu having involved AMG
in gold trades, given that its stated business was trading in metals. ORO
Trading Pte Ltd had instructed the issue of a lawyer’s letter to AMG dated 17
January 2017 demanding return of the deposit. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Mr Abuthahir’s AEIC at pp 393–394.

I accept that at that time Mr Ong thought it was legitimate. I do not allow
this claim.

Payment of US$9,398.50 on 26 August 2017 to Mr Lim Chin Keng

49 This was for payment of air tickets for Mr Manu to travel to Africa and
India, purportedly on AMG’s business. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Transcript, 24 June 2021, p 48 ln 11 to p 49 l 2 and p 51 ln 19–22.

Mr Ong did not see any supporting documents, and while he believed that Mr
Manu did indeed fly to Africa and India he could not be sure. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

Transcript, 24 June 2021, p 49 ln 3 to p 50 ln 3.

He testified that Mr Manu did call him from Africa. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

Transcript, 24 June 2021, p 52 ln 14–17.

Again, at this stage, Mr Ong was entitled to take Mr Manu’s representation at
face value. Plainly, for Mr Manu to secure business, it was reasonable for him
to travel. I do not allow this claim.

Payment of US$22,142.86 on 26 August 2017 to Ms Chen Mei Qi

50 Mr Manu told Mr Ong that this payment was to repay Ms Chen for a personal
loan to Mr Manu. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

Transcript, 24 June 2021, p 57 ln 27 to p 58 ln 1.

Mr Ong again did not ask for supporting documents. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

Transcript, 24 June 2021, p 60 ln 16–17.

51 In my view, while Mr Ong started to have concerns, at this stage he was
still reasonably relying on Mr Manu’s assurances, which no doubt extended to
representations that these transactions would in due course be accounted for
and regularised. I do not allow this claim.

Cash withdrawal of US$20,000 on 26 August 2017

52 This further cash withdrawal of US$20,000 was not explained by Mr Manu to
Mr Ong, 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

Transcript, 24 June 2021, p 61 ln 4–27.

who again seems to have simply taken Mr Manu’s word that this payment was
required in the interests of AMG.

53 In my view, this cash withdrawal likely caused Mr Ong concern and the
question is whether it was still reasonable for him to rely on Mr Manu’s word.
This is a question that must be answered in context, and without hindsight. Mr
Ong cannot be taken to have known that Mr Manu would continue to make large
withdrawals. At this time, in the context of what must have appeared to Mr Ong
to have been Mr Manu’s success in bringing in such a big deal, I accept that
Mr Ong reasonably believed it was legitimate.

54 I accept that Mr Ong would have expected that the use of this money would
be accounted for and documented in due course.

Payment of US$149,398.22 on 28 August 2017 to Mr Abdul Razeed

55 Having reviewed Mr Ong’s testimony and the documentary evidence, I consider
that this payment marks a turning point in Mr Ong’s state of mind, and that
from this date onwards he fully understood that Mr Manu was acting
illegitimately.

56 Mr Ong testified that he objected to this transaction and told Mr Manu that
he wanted to step down as a director: 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

Transcript, 24 June 2021, p 67 ln 28–30.

… I said I want to leave the company, he said, ‘No, no, no, at this moment,
you don’t go…’ I said, ‘Bring any of your friends to come in’.

57 He also testified that he told Mr Manu that he “[did not] want to keep on
signing this, because the payment involved is too big already”. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

Transcript, 24 June 2021, p 68 ln 5–6.

This evidence shows that as of this date Mr Ong at least suspected that the
payment Mr Manu was asking him to sign off on was not legitimate. Nonetheless,
rather than protecting the interests of AMG, he signed off on this payment.

58 I hold that Mr Ong was in breach of his fiduciary duty in relation to this
payment.

Payment of US$74,699.11 on 28 August 2017 to Mr Ong

59 It appears that this money was paid to Mr Ong for his services as a
director. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

Transcript, 25 June 2021, p 1 ln 30 to p 2 ln 3; Mr Abuthahir’s AEIC at p 279.

Mr Ong’s testimony was to the effect that he reasonably believed that he was
entitled to be remunerated for his work for AMG, including in respect of past
years’ service. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

Transcript, 25 June 2021, p 6 ln 21–28.

60 AMG relied on Companies Act s 169 for the proposition that the remuneration
of directors must be approved by “a resolution that is not related to other
matters”. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

AMG’s reply submissions at para 17(c).

It remains arguable that, in a proper case, where all the shareholders have
had a meeting of minds concerning reasonable remuneration of directors, and
the company is solvent, the absence of a shareholders’ resolution compliant
with Companies Act s 169 would not make the remuneration unauthorised. This
would be an application of the principle that shareholders may proceed on the
basis of informal assent, if unanimous (see Re Duomatic Ltd [1969] 2 Ch 365;
Yong Kheng Leong and another v Panweld Trading Pte Ltd and another [2013] 1
SLR 173 at [25]).

61 This however is not such a proper case. No basis was offered for the
calculation of the remuneration. Nor was any period stipulated. I also add
that it was the next day that AMG became insolvent, and I infer that Mr Manu
certainly understood that AMG was approaching insolvency while Mr Ong ought
reasonably to have done so. Accordingly, Mr Manu and Mr Ong were obliged to
consider the interests of creditors when making this decision. I am unable to
find that the reasonableness of the remuneration was properly considered by
the directors. I also find that the real purpose of this payment was an
attempt by Mr Manu to secure Mr Ong’s cooperation in his scheme, a scheme that
was manifestly not in AMG’s interests. I find that Mr Ong ought reasonably to
have understood this to be the case. Accordingly, I hold this payment was
improper and not duly authorised.

Cash withdrawal of US$112,666.38 on 28 August 2017

62 This was a very large and wholly unexplained cash withdrawal, which Mr Ong
admitted did not benefit AMG. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

Transcript, 24 June 2021, p 63 ln 5 to p 64 ln 9.

I hold that in signing off on this withdrawal, he was in breach of his
fiduciary duty.

Payment of US$5,000 on 28 August 2017 to Mr Adanuty

63 While this is a relatively small amount, by this stage Mr Ong understood
that he could not simply rely on Mr Manu’s word. Mr Ong pleaded that this
payment was intended to repay a personal loan of Mr Manu’s, 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

Mr Ong’s Defence at para 24(iv).

and could not explain how this might have been to AMG’s benefit. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

Transcript, 24 June 2021, p 70 ln 1–9.

He should not have signed off on it, and I hold that it was a breach of
fiduciary duty for him to do so.

Payments totalling US$181,119.92 on 29 August 2017 and 5 September 2017 to
Sabre Global Pte Ltd

64 Three payments were made to Sabre Global Pte Ltd. The first two, both on 29
August 2017, were stated in their transfer application forms to be made in
respect of consultancy fees, 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

Mr Abuthahir’s AEIC at pp 264 and 269.

but for the third, on 5 September 2017, no reason was provided. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

Mr Abuthahir’s AEIC at p 322.

By this stage, after the large unexplained withdrawals on the previous day, 28
August 2017, I find that Mr Ong now understood that Mr Manu was taking money
out of AMG for his own and not AMG’s purposes. Indeed, he testified that he
told Mr Manu he did not know what the payment was for and wanted to resign. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

Transcript, 24 June 2021 p70 ln 26–30.

Mr Ong’s fiduciary duty required him to be satisfied that any particular
payment was truly for AMG’s purposes before signing off. Yet he signed off on
these payments without being so satisfied. I hold that Mr Ong was in breach of
fiduciary duty in respect of these payments.

Payment of US$75,000 on 29 August 2017 to Mr Manu

65 This payment to Mr Manu was purportedly remuneration to past directors’
fees. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

Mr Ong’s Defence at para 26.

Yet, Mr Ong did not offer any basis for this figure, such as the period or
rate by which it was calculated, citing only Mr Manu’s word. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

Mr Ong’s Defence at para 26.

There was no shareholders’ resolution. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

Mr Abuthahir’s AEIC at para 61(j).

Following the earlier large and unexplained withdrawals, Mr Ong should have
been wary of this transfer of money to Mr Manu. Indeed, Mr Ong in his defence
noted that he was “reluctant” to countersign on this transfer. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

Mr Ong’s Defence at para 27.

Yet he did so anyway, in breach of his fiduciary duty. I allow this claim.

Payment of US$100,000 on 29 August 2017 to Three Quality Services Limited

66 The purported purpose of this payment was to pay consultancy fees. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

Mr Abuthahir’s AEIC at p 271.

I do not accept that Mr Ong thought that this was the real reason for the
payment. There was nothing given to him to evidence the supply of consultancy
services at all, let alone in such a large amount. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

Transcript, 24 June 2021, p 79 ln 12–16.

His signing off on this payment was a breach of fiduciary duty. I allow this
claim.

Payments totalling US$450,000 on 5 September 2017 and 21 September 2017 to Mr
Kevin Anthony Griffin Jr

67 The transfer application forms for these payments purport to relate to the
supply of aluminium, 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

Mr Abuthahir’s AEIC at pp 289 and 296.

but no documents were shown to Mr Ong to evidence this. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

Transcript, 24 June 2021, p 84 ln 26 to p 85 ln 1.

He said in evidence that he questioned Mr Manu about it. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

Transcript, 24 June 2021, p 79 ln 28.

The payee was apparently once a director of AMG as well. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

Transcript, 24 June 2021, p 79 ln 32 to p 80 ln 14.

However, Mr Manu gave him no reason, 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

Transcript, 24 June 2021, p 80 ln 17–29.

and yet he still signed off on it. At the bank he tried to walk away, but
returned when Mr Manu called to him. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

Transcript, 24 June 2021, p 81 ln 4–8 and p 87 ln 16–18.

I find that Mr Ong knew and understood that these payments were not for proper
purposes of AMG. Mr Ong signed off on them in breach of his fiduciary duty. I
allow this claim.

Payment of US$143,000 on 5 September 2017 to White Lotus Cosmetics Limited

68 AMG’s counsel only asked a few questions about this payment. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

Transcript, 24 June 2021, p 101 ln 1–13.

As with many of the other payments, Mr Ong knew little about it and relied on
Mr Manu. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

Transcript, 24 June 2021, p 101 ln 6–8.

However, in this case the payment matches in amount and payee the payment to
the consultant stipulated in the MOU. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

CWU BCP 18.

I find that it was the contractually stipulated payment under the MOU. I do
not allow this claim.

Payment of US$150,000 on 6 September 2017 to Quality Printers Pte Ltd

69 Mr Ong accepted that he did not know who Quality Printers Pte Ltd were or
what the transaction was about. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

Transcript, 24 June 2021, p 88 ln 8-13.

The Liquidator corresponded with Quality Printers Pte Ltd, and Quality
Printers Pte Ltd replied that the payment was for the provision of transport
services. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

Mr Abuthahir’s AEIC at para 61(n).

During cross-examination, AMG’s counsel pointed out to Mr Ong the absurdity of
this arrangement, given that AMG had no staff, and Mr Ong agreed that the
payment should not have been made. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

Transcript, 24 June 2021, p 89 ln 13 to p 90 ln 10.

I agree, and find that Mr Ong was in breach of his fiduciary duty in respect
of this payment. I allow this claim.

Payment of US$37,458.77 on 21 September 2017 to Mr Koh

70 This payment was the first half of Mr Koh’s intended remuneration of
US$75,000.00 as a director. Mr Ong said it was negotiated between Mr Manu and
Mr Koh and did not know its purpose. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

Transcript, 25 June 2021, p 4 l 26 to p 5 l 4.

Mr Ong was not very clear in his evidence, but it does seem that Mr Ong was
quite desperate for Mr Koh to replace him as a director and so was ready to
sign off on whatever amount Mr Manu negotiated with Mr Koh. However, I accept
that repayment of a loan made previously to the company in order to have the
lender re-join the company as a director is not in and of itself a breach of
fiduciary duty. Mr Koh had resigned from AMG previously, but had been a
director for a long time before his resignation. Mr Ong of course knew this,
and also knew that Mr Koh had lent money to AMG, as evidenced by Mr Koh’s
email to Mr Ong dated 28 July 2009, referred to at [40] above. I do not find
that Mr Ong knew of any bargain struck between Mr Manu and Mr Koh which would
have rendered his acquiescence dishonest or unreasonable. I do not allow this
claim against Mr Ong.

Facility from and charge over account granted to Standard Chartered Bank

71 Together with Mr Manu, Mr Ong signed the necessary documents with SCB to
establish a facility, secured against a fixed deposit of US$1,000,000. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

Mr Abuthahir’s AEIC at p 563.

It is true that he did not give much thought concerning why AMG needed such a
facility. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

Transcript, 24 June 2021, p 95 ln 11–19.

Nonetheless, I hold that he reasonably believed Mr Manu’s representations that
such a facility was in the interests of AMG. Logically, having a credit line
would be beneficial to AMG’s trading, and Mr Ong honestly thought that Mr Manu
had secured a valuable deal for AMG and had renewed confidence that Mr Manu
could secure new deals for AMG. Mr Ong would have envisaged the use of this
facility in connection with such deals. It cannot be said that this was not a
genuine transaction with a substantial bank. The administrative fee and
interest rate were reasonable. The alleged misuse of the facility to pay a sum
of US$744,000.00 to Smart Recycling Pte Ltd only occurred on or about 9
November 2017, more than a month after Mr Ong left AMG. I do not allow this
claim against Mr Ong.

Companies Act s 145(5)

72 Mr Ong alluded in his evidence to his understanding that despite his
growing concerns over the payments from the SCB account and his desire to
resign his directorship in AMG, he could not do so as he was the “only
Singapore director”. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

Transcript, 23 June 2021, p 49 ln 16–19.

I take this as a reference to Companies Act s 145(5), which stipulates that:

Notwithstanding anything in this Act or in the constitution of the company, or
in any agreement with the company, a director of a company shall not resign or
vacate his office unless there is remaining in the company at least one
director who is ordinarily resident in Singapore; and any purported
resignation or vacation of office in breach of this subsection shall be deemed
to be invalid.

73 I accept that the effect of this section was such that Mr Ong could not
resign unilaterally, as that would have left AMG without any other director
ordinarily resident in Singapore, the only other director at the time being Mr
Manu. This, however, does not absolve Mr Ong of liability. While he remained
in office, he was subject to the duties of a director. These he breached, even
though he could have and should have refused to countersign the payments and
withdrawals. His signature was required by SCB to mandate such payments and
withdrawals. Indeed, it was when he finally made up his mind to refuse to sign
that he was able to extricate himself from the situation, by forcing Mr Manu
to seek a replacement director in Mr Koh. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

Transcript, 23 June 2021, p 49 ln 19–24.

Conclusion on Mr Ong’s liability

74 I have allowed a total of US$1,297,883.63 of the claims made by AMG against
Mr Ong. I also award interest on this sum at the usual rate of 5.33% from the
date of writ to the date of judgment.

Issue 6: Mr Koh’s liability

75 As far as Mr Koh is concerned, AMG claims in respect of nineteen
withdrawals made from the SCB Account while he was a director. In addition,
AMG claims a payment made to Mr Koh prior to his re-joining as a director, and
also makes a claim in relation to the facility obtained from SCB. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

AMG’s closing submissions at paras 24–27.

76 Unlike Mr Ong, Mr Koh was not a joint signatory to the SCB Account.
Instead, together with Mr Manu he signed a directors’ resolution dated 26
September 2017 authorising Mr Manu to be the sole signatory. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

Mr Abuthahir’s AEIC at pp 578–579.

AMG contends that this was itself a breach of his duty as a director because
it removed “the sole checking mechanism that is the joint signatory”. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

AMG’s closing submissions at para 69.

77 Mr Koh contended that this board resolution was made reasonably and
honestly, because after all Mr Manu had brought in the deal by himself, and
giving him sole authority would enable him to build on that deal and bring in
more business more quickly. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

Mr Koh’s reply submissions at paras 9–10.

78 I do not accept this explanation from Mr Koh. I find that he was focused on
recovering from AMG some of what he considered was owed to him, and that this
was why he agreed to become the required locally resident director of AMG. As
he admitted in cross-examination, when Mr Manu invited him back to the
company, he “took the opportunity to---to try to get back some of [his]
loans”. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

Transcript, 25 June 2021, p 85 ln 12–14.

However, as a director he was under a fiduciary duty of loyalty to AMG that
included the duty to safeguard its assets. He consciously decided not to act
as a check on Mr Manu. He did not institute any other system of checks or
safeguards. In fact, I find that he understood at the least that there was a
real risk that Mr Manu would make use of AMG’s funds for his own and not AMG’s
purposes. The basis for this finding arises from the circumstances of his own
return to AMG: during cross-examination by AMG’s counsel, he said he was
invited by Mr Manu to re-join because “Mr Ong didn’t cooperate properly”. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

Transcript, 25 June 2021, p 72 ln 12.

When Mr Ong cross-examined him thereafter and asked him to elaborate, Mr Koh
answered: 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

Transcript, 25 June 2021, p 96 ln 6–13.

Okay, yah, just now I---Mr Manu did say that you---you don’t want to sign
those cheques and you have made---made jobs very difficult for him and all
that. That was---that was---that was the main---main reason why he say he---he
---he don’t want---make him very difficult to do---do business. He did mention
that you---you made the signing very difficult when---when you sometimes don’t
---when he called you and all that, then he---you disappear, you don’t want to
present and all that. So he---he was angry so---so---so that’s why he talk to
me, okay.

79 Mr Koh therefore knew that Mr Ong was resigning from his directorship
precisely because he did not agree to at least some of the payments or
withdrawals that Mr Manu wanted him to countersign. Mr Koh does not seem to
have asked Mr Ong at the time why he had been reluctant to countersign some
payments or withdrawals. This is surprising given that they had known each
other for so long. Hearing what Mr Manu had to say was enough to put him on
notice that something was amiss in Mr Manu’s conduct. Mr Koh’s not following
up with Mr Ong about this was an instance of turning a blind eye – choosing
not to speak to Mr Ong in case he was told something he did not want to hear
about Mr Manu’s conduct. Instead of acting as a check on Mr Manu, he preferred
to give Mr Manu a free rein, perhaps mistakenly believing that he was
protected by the resolution he signed authorising Mr Manu to be the sole
signatory. In making this Faustian pact with Mr Manu, he preferred his own
interests (in having Mr Manu agree to repay his loan to AMG) to those of AMG
(in having its assets used only for proper purposes of AMG). Consequently, Mr
Koh is liable to AMG for those withdrawals or payments made by Mr Manu which
were not for AMG’s purposes or in AMG’s interests, during the period that he
was a director.

80 In addition, once a company is approaching insolvency, a director must
consider the interests of creditors (see Chip Thye Enterprises Pte Ltd (in
liquidation) v Phay Gi Mo and others [2004] 1 SLR(R) 434 at [13]–[16]). AMG’s
counsel did not put to Mr Koh that he knew or ought to have known that AMG was
insolvent. Nonetheless, any incoming director should acquaint himself with the
financial position of the company. Mr Koh also confirmed in evidence that his
role as director included the accounts. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

Transcript, 25 June 2021, p 32 ln 22–27.

It must have been obvious to him that AMG was insolvent. This answers Mr Koh’s
argument that it was reasonable for him to give Mr Manu free rein as Mr Manu
was by then the 100% owner of AMG. In AMG’s case, it had no business income
and so, once the amount in the SCB Account had reduced to less than the
US$2,145,000 owed to F&BCo, every subsequent withdrawal or payment was
correspondingly reducing the amount that F&BCo could receive.

81 I now consider those withdrawals and payments.

Twelve cash withdrawals or cash cheques totalling US$148,064.97

82 There appears to have been no documentation of the purpose of these
withdrawals and cash cheques, and I find that they were not for AMG’s purposes
or in AMG’s interests. These withdrawals and payments were a depletion of
AMG’s funds and a loss to it. This loss flowed from Mr Koh’s breach of duty in
allowing Mr Manu to operate the SCB account without any check or safeguard. I
allow this claim.

Payment of US$37,247.43 on 29 September 2017 to Mr Koh

83 Mr Koh justified this payment as a part repayment of his loan to AMG. 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

Transcript, 25 June 2021, p 85 ln 7–14 and p 86 ln 29 to p 87 ln 7.

I have accepted that he believed that AMG owed him substantial money. However,
this payment is tainted because it was made in return for his breach of
fiduciary duty in agreeing not to check on Mr Manu when he knew of Mr Ong’s
disagreements with Mr Manu concerning withdrawals and payments.

84 I allow this claim.

Payment of US$10,000 on 2 October 2017 to Uniroyal Communications Pte Ltd

85 AMG has established that there were no supporting documents for this
payment and its purpose is unknown. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

Mr Abuthahir’s AEIC at para 68(c).

I allow this claim.

Payment of US$11,000 on 2 October 2017 to Ms Chua Pair Shen

86 The Liquidator corresponded with Mrs Chua concerning this payment. 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

Mr Abuthahir’s AEIC at para 68(d).

In response, Ms Chua provided an acknowledgement signed by Mr Manu dated 3
August 2017 purporting to acknowledge that he had received S$15,000 as a loan
to AMG. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

Mr Abuthahir’s AEIC at p 431.

It does not appear that AMG received the benefit of any loan. It stretches
credulity that AMG would have sought such a loan given how much cash it had at
the time. I find that there was no legitimate transaction and allow this
claim.

Payment of US$11,500 on 3 October 2017 to Mr Shuan Jarmen

87 AMG has established that there were no supporting documents for this
payment and its purpose is unknown. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

Mr Abuthahir’s AEIC at para 68(e).

I allow this claim.

Payment of US$3,700 on 11 October 2017 to Ms Christina Marie Nyanmani

88 AMG has established that there were no supporting documents for this
payment and its purpose is unknown. 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

Mr Abuthahir’s AEIC at para 68(f).

I allow this claim.

Payment of US$1,370 to Mr Ng Wai Loon

89 AMG has established that there were no supporting documents for this
payment and its purpose is unknown. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

Mr Abuthahir’s AEIC at para 68(g).

I allow this claim.

Payment of US$1,850 to Mr Abdul Razeed

90 AMG has established that there were no supporting documents for this
payment and its purpose is unknown. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

Mr Abuthahir’s AEIC at para 68(h).

I allow this claim.

Prior payment of US$37,458.77 to Mr Koh

91 Mr Koh’s evidence was that this payment was made to him because he “took
advantage of putting the condition to Mr Manu to commit to return some of the
loan to me before I can join”. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

Transcript, 25 June 2021, p 86 ln 3–4.

92 In and of itself, there is nothing wrong in a director bargaining for
remuneration, or as in this case repayment of a loan, in return for joining or
re-joining a board. A director is generally entitled to consider his own
interests subject to disclosure and recusal. What was wrong on Mr Koh’s part
was that the reason why his return to the board was desired by Mr Manu was his
promise, express or implied, that he would not check on Mr Manu and would sign
a resolution to make Mr Manu the sole signatory in relation to SCB, a promise
given when he already knew of Mr Ong’s disagreements with Mr Manu concerning
payments and withdrawals. Mr Koh would have suspected that Mr Manu was not
intending to act in AMG’s interests and had the intention to strip it of
assets. He chose to facilitate Mr Manu’s scheme while attempting to turn a
blind eye to it.

93 It was a breach of fiduciary duty on Mr Manu’s part to use AMG’s funds to
further his own scheme to strip AMG of its assets. Mr Koh was a party to this
bargain and so knew and understood that he was receiving the money because of
and flowing from Mr Manu’s breach of fiduciary duty. Accordingly, he is liable
in knowing receipt.

Facility from and charge over account granted to Standard Chartered Bank

94 AMG claims against Mr Koh for the alleged misuse of the facility to pay a
sum of US$744,000.00 to Smart Recycling Pte Ltd on or about 9 November 2017,
138

##### Foot Note 138

×

AMG’s closing submissions at para 59(o).

after Mr Koh became a director of AMG. Mr Manu was able to give this
instruction by himself to SCB because of the change effected by the resolution
that Mr Koh had signed on 26 September 2017 authorising Mr Manu as sole
signatory in relation to all the banking facilities with SCB. 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

Mr Abuthahir’s AEIC at pp 578–579.

95 Mr Manu apparently tendered an invoice 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

Mr Abuthahir’s AEIC at p 601.

and a delivery order 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

Mr Abuthahir’s AEIC at p 602.

from Smart Recycling Pte Ltd to SCB in order to drawdown on the facility.
However, there does not appear to have been any actual underlying transaction
between AMG and Smart Recycling. 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

AMG’s closing submissions at para 59(n).

I accept that this was not a legitimate transaction and therefore allow this
claim against Mr Koh.

96 AMG also claims the administrative fee of US$1,011.21 and interest of
US$10,879.76 accrued under the facility. I do not allow the claim for the
administrative fee as the facility was already in place prior to Mr Koh
rejoining the board, and in any case, as discussed at [71] above, I do not
consider that setting up the facility was itself a breach of fiduciary duty or
that the administrative fee was unreasonable. However, the interest that
accrued on the illegitimate drawdown on the facility is a loss that flows from
Mr Koh’s giving Mr Manu free rein to instruct drawdowns on the facility, and
he is liable for it just as much as he is liable for the amount drawn down to
pay Smart Recycling Pte Ltd.

Conclusion on Mr Koh’s liability

97 I have allowed a total of US$1,017,070.93 of the claims made by AMG against
Mr Ong. I also award interest on this sum at the usual rate of 5.33% from the
date of writ to the date of judgment.

Issue 7: Companies Act s 391

98 Companies Act s 391 provides:

If in any proceedings for negligence, default, breach of duty or breach of
trust against a person to whom this section applies it appears to the court
before which the proceedings are taken that he is or may be liable in respect
thereof but that he has acted honestly and reasonably and that, having regard
to all the circumstances of the case including those connected with his
appointment, he ought fairly to be excused for the negligence, default or
breach the court may relieve him either wholly or partly from his liability on
such terms as the court thinks fit.

99 As I have noted at [25] above, I considered it important to consider this
section notwithstanding that the defendants did not plead it. It seemed to me
that the gist of their defence was that they had acted honestly and reasonably
and should be fairly excused from any breach of duty committed by them. I
raised it at the start of the trial so that AMG could lead evidence on it if
felt necessary or desirable, as well as question the defendants should they
choose to give evidence. My doing so does not derogate from my view expressed
in OOPA Pte Ltd v Bui Sy Phong [2021] SGHC 142 at [62] where I opined that “it
is good practice for a defendant to plead in his defence his intention to seek
relief under this section”. This is because the defendants are litigants-in-
person and that is material to why I took the course that I did in this case.
The court should not guide a litigant-in-person to the prejudice of the
opposing party; nonetheless, where that person is grasping for a legal
argument that is not quite articulated, the court may give voice to it and
offer the other party an opportunity for rebuttal.

100 However, having considered the evidence carefully I find that Mr Ong has
failed to establish that he acted reasonably, and that Mr Koh has failed to
establish that he acted either honestly or reasonably. Hence, I do not go on
to consider whether either should be fairly excused of any breach of duty.

101 In the case of Mr Ong, while I have considerable sympathy for his
predicament, a reasonable person in his position would not have given in to Mr
Manu’s pressure. Unfortunately, conduct that is understandable given the
frailty of human nature may yet not be reasonable in law, considered
objectively. In this case, Mr Ong could and should have refused to countersign
once he understood that Mr Manu was not engaging in legitimate business on
behalf of AMG, ie, from 28 August 2017 onwards. To countersign under such
circumstances was not reasonable.

102 As for Mr Koh, not only did he behave unreasonably in resolving to give Mr
Manu a free rein when he knew that Mr Ong had left precisely because of
disagreements over the purpose of payments and withdrawals that Mr Manu wished
to make, he also failed to act honestly. He allowed his desire to be repaid
some of what he believed AMG to owe him to override his duty to protect AMG’s
assets. While there is nothing wrong with someone refusing to join or re-join
the board of a company unless he is repaid a loan that he made to the company,
it is not permissible to agree in return for such repayment that upon being
appointed a director one will not check on a fellow director’s conduct. This
is especially so in circumstances where the company is obviously insolvent.

Conclusion

103 I allow AMG’s claims against Mr Ong in the sum of US$1,297,883.63 and
against Mr Koh in the sum of US$1,017,070.93. I award interest on these sums
at the usual rate of 5.33% pursuant to Civil Law Act (Cap 43, 1999 Rev Ed) s
12 from the date of the writ to the date of judgment.

104 I will hear parties on costs.

Philip Jeyaretnam  
Judicial Commissioner|  
---|---  
  
Yeo Teng Yung Christopher and Lavan Vickneson (Legal Solutions LLC) for the
plaintiff;

The first and second defendants in person.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 28 Sep 2021 (14:57 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

