Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC 120

Suit No 1126 of 2020 (Registrar’s Appeal Nos 65 and 66 of 2021)

Between

| Bank of China Ltd, Singapore Branch  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| BP Singapore Pte Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| Lim Oon Kuin  
(3)| Lim Huey Ching  
(4)| Lim Chee Meng  
  
… Defendants

JUDGMENT

[Civil Procedure] — [Pleadings] — [Striking out]

[Bills of Exchange and other Negotiable Instruments] — [Letter of credit
transaction]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Bank of China Ltd, Singapore Branch

  
v

  

BP Singapore Pte Ltd and others

[2021] SGHC 120

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 1126 of 2020 (Registrar’s Appeal
Nos 65 and 66 of 2021)

Andre Maniam JC  
28 April 2021

31 May 2021 Judgment reserved.

Andre Maniam JC:

Introduction

1 When a bank has paid a beneficiary under a letter of credit, can the bank
seek to recover that payment on the basis that the beneficiary had negligently
misled the bank into making payment? At first instance, it was held that the
law did not allow such a claim, and that claim was struck out.

Background

2 I have before me a pair of appeals arising from an application to strike out
the claims of the plaintiff (the “Bank”) against the first defendant (“BP”) on
the ground that the statement of claim discloses no reasonable cause of
action. On such an application, the pleaded facts are generally presumed to be
true in favour of the plaintiff: Tan Eng Khiam v Ultra Realty Pte Ltd [1991] 1
SLR(R) 844 at [29]. The facts stated in this judgment are thus based on the
statement of claim, or are matters of record, unless stated otherwise (see, in
particular [22] and [53]–[54] below regarding further matters BP sought to
raise).

The parties

3 The plaintiff Bank is the Singapore branch of a Chinese bank. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Plaintiff’s Statement of Claim (“SOC”) at para 1.

4 The first defendant BP is a Singapore company engaged in the activity of
manufacturing and supplying refined petroleum products. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

SOC at para 2.

5 The second defendant (“OK Lim”) was, until 17 April 2020, the managing
director of Hin Leong Trading (Pte) Ltd (“Hin Leong”) and Ocean Tankers (Pte)
Ltd (“Ocean Tankers”). He is also a shareholder of Hin Leong and Ocean
Tankers. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

SOC at para 3.

6 The third and fourth defendants are, respectively, OK Lim’s daughter and
son; at all material times, they were also shareholders and directors of Hin
Leong and Ocean Tankers. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

SOC at paras 4-5.

Hin Leong’s banking facilities from the Bank

7 The Bank provided banking facilities to Hin Leong for the purposes of
financing Hin Leong’s purchase of petroleum products from sellers acceptable
to the Bank. Various letters of credit (“LCs”) were issued under the
facilities. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

SOC at para 9.

The transactions between Hin Leong and BP

8 This suit concerns three LCs which were issued to BP, on which BP obtained
payment from the Bank. Each LC was issued in respect of a purported purchase
contract between Hin Leong and BP, whereby Hin Leong purported to purchase
certain quantities of gasoil from BP. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

SOC at paras 12, 15 and 18.

9 Each purported purchase contract was on a back-to-back basis with a
purported sale contract whereby Hin Leong purported to sell to BP the same
quantity of gasoil that BP purported to sell back to Hin Leong (at a higher
price). 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

SOC at para 31.

The Bank did not know of the back-to-back nature of the transactions. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

SOC at para 35.

The Bank’s payment to BP

10 BP presented documents to receive payment under the three LCs, and the Bank
paid BP. The documents BP presented comprised BP’s commercial invoices, and
letters of indemnity (“LOIs”) in the form prescribed under the LCs. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

SOC at paras 19, 37 and 42.

The LCs allowed BP to present LOIs if the shipping documents were not
available upon negotiation, the shipping documents being: a full set of the
original bills of lading plus three non-negotiable copies, a copy of the
certificate of quality, a copy of the certificate of quantity, and a copy of
the certificate of origin. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

SOC at paras 12, 15 and 18.

Hin Leong’s interim judicial managers’ report

11 On 27 April 2020, Hin Leong was placed under interim judicial management;
on 7 August 2020, it was placed under judicial management; 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

SOC at para 7(a).

on 8 March 2021 it was wound up. Hin Leong has not reimbursed the Bank the
sums which the Bank paid BP under the LCs.

12 On 22 June 2020, Hin Leong’s interim judicial managers issued a report
(“the IJM Report”) stating that they had uncovered a significant number of
irregularities in Hin Leong’s affairs: 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

SOC at para 28.

(a) Hin Leong had fabricated documents on a massive scale; and

(b) Hin Leong had obtained financing from banks through a variety of financing
schemes structured around the sale and repurchase of cargo at a loss; those
schemes appeared to have no commercial benefit to Hin Leong apart from the
generation of additional liquidity, and some of these schemes also involved
the use of forged documents, non-existent inventory, or the sale of the same
inventory to multiple parties.

13 Paras 152–158 of the IJM Report set out details of 27 back-to-back
transactions involving cargo that did not exist, for which the corresponding
LCs have a value of around US$624 million. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

SOC at para 29.

14 Three of those transactions and corresponding LCs are the ones in respect
of which the Bank had paid BP sums amounting to around US$125 million. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

SOC at para 30.

The suit

15 The Bank sued BP to rescind the three LCs and recover the sums paid and/or
damages and other relief.

16 The Bank asserted four causes of action against BP:

(a) fraud, ie, deceit and/or fraudulent misrepresentation; 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

SOC at paras 48-66.

(b) negligence, ie, negligent misrepresentation/misstatement; 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

SOC at para 67.

(c) conspiracy (with the individual defendants, or any of them); 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

SOC at paras 77-80.

and

(d) unjust enrichment. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

SOC at para 68.

17 The Bank also claimed against the individual defendants damages for
inducing breach of contract 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

SOC at paras 69-76.

and/or conspiracy. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

SOC at paras 77-80.

The striking out application

18 BP applied to strike out all of the Bank’s claims against it, on the basis
that the Bank’s statement of claim (“SOC”) discloses no reasonable cause of
action against BP.

19 The registrar who heard the application struck out the Bank’s claim in
negligence, and its claim in unjust enrichment independent of fraud. He
allowed the Bank to continue with its claims against BP in fraud, conspiracy,
and unjust enrichment involving fraud.

20 The Bank and BP both appealed: by Registrar’s Appeal No 65 of 2021 (“RA
65”), the Bank asks to reinstate what had been struck out; by Registrar’s
Appeal No 66 of 2021 (“RA 66”), BP maintains that all of the Bank’s claims
against it should be struck out.

Striking out for no reasonable cause of action – principles

21 A claim should only be struck out in plain and obvious cases: the claim
must be obviously unsustainable, the pleadings unarguably bad and it must be
impossible, not just improbable, for the claim to succeed before the court
will strike it out: Singapore Civil Procedure 2020 vol I (Chua Lee Ming gen
ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 2019) (“White Book”) at para 18/19/6. The plaintiff has
a reasonable cause of action if he has a cause of action with some chance of
success when only the allegations in the pleading are considered: White Book
at para 18/19/10. When the application is brought under O 18 r 19(1)(a) of the
Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed) (“the ROC”) to strike out a claim
for disclosing no reasonable cause of action, O 18 r 19(2) of the ROC provides
that no evidence shall be admissible on that application. As I noted above (at
[2]), the pleaded facts are generally presumed to be true in favour of the
plaintiff.

22 In BP’s application, besides citing O 18 r 19(1)(a) of the ROC, it also
invoked the inherent jurisdiction of the court – in that instance, affidavit
evidence may be used: White Book at para 18/19/5. However, BP filed no
affidavit to put evidence before the court, and its counsel confirmed at the
start of his oral submissions at first instance that BP was not relying on any
evidence and was relying solely on the pleadings and submissions. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Notes of Argument, 5 February 2021, p 3 lines 9-12 and 19-20.

In his reply oral submissions, however, he referred to an aspect of the LOIs
that appeared to go beyond the facts in the SOC. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Notes of Argument, 5 February 2021, p 13 lines 28-31.

That also happened at the hearing before me, again at the stage of oral reply
submissions, and BP’s counsel then made submissions based on the full text of
the LOIs (shown to me) including portions that were not set out in the SOC. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Notes of Argument, 28 April 2021, p 12 lines 28-29.

I shall return to this in my discussion of the negligence claim (see [53]–[54]
below).

Payment on a letter of credit - principles

23 An LC is regarded as a separate transaction from the sale contract on which
it is based – the bank’s obligation to pay the beneficiary is independent of
the underlying contract between the beneficiary (the seller) and the applicant
for the LC (the buyer): United City Merchants (Investments) Ltd v Royal Bank
of Canada [1983] 1 AC 168 (“UCM”) at 183; Beam Technology (Mfg) Pte Ltd v
Standard Chartered Bank [2003] 1 SLR(R) 597 (“Beam”) at [12]–[13]. This has
been termed the “autonomy” or “independence” principle.

24 An exception to the autonomy principle is where there is fraud or knowledge
of fraud on the part of the beneficiary: UCM at 183-184; Beam at [22], [27]
and [31].

25 While fraud is an established exception to the autonomy principle,
negligence on the part of the beneficiary has not similarly been accepted as a
justification for a bank to refuse payment: DBS Bank Ltd v Carrier Singapore
(Pte) Ltd [2008] 3 SLR(R) 261 (“Carrier”) at [95].

26 In the present case, the issue with the Bank’s claim in negligence is,
however, not whether negligence was a basis for refusing payment to BP on the
LC, but rather, whether the Bank could recover payment after paying BP on the
same. With that, I turn to consider whether the Bank’s SOC discloses any
reasonable cause of action against BP.

Does the Bank have a reasonable cause of action against BP?

Does the Bank have a reasonable cause of action in negligence?

27 The registrar relied on Carrier in concluding that the Bank did not have a
reasonable cause of action in negligence, and so he struck out that claim (as
pleaded in para 67 of the SOC). In Carrier, the judge’s views on whether a
bank can sue a beneficiary in negligence to recover payment made under an LC
were expressed at [94]–[107]. It was obiter because the judge had already
decided that the bank could recover payment for the beneficiary’s deceit (see
[94]); whether or not the bank also had a valid cause of action in negligence
made no difference to the result.

28 The judge reasoned that, if the beneficiary’s negligence is not an
exception that would allow a bank to refuse payment on an LC, it necessarily
follows that a bank cannot thereafter recover payment from the beneficiary
based on the beneficiary having been negligent (see Carrier at [99]).

29 The judge’s view on whether a bank has a valid claim in negligence to
recover payment, rests on the premise that the bank can only recover payment
on grounds that would have allowed the bank to refuse payment in the first
place. As the judge stated (Carrier ([25] above) at [99]):

If we were to accept [the plaintiff’s] contention that a bank may rely on
negligent misrepresentation by a beneficiary to recover any money it had paid
out to the beneficiary, the law would also have to accept that banks are
entitled to invoke negligent misrepresentation by the beneficiary as a ground
for not paying the beneficiary in the first place.

[emphasis added]

30 Notwithstanding the views expressed in Carrier, I consider that the Bank
does have a reasonable cause of action in negligence against BP.

31 First, it is arguable that there is a distinction between the two
situations – refusing payment, and recovering payment. The effect of the
autonomy principle is that an applicant (buyer) cannot prevent payment on the
LC by pointing to a dispute with the beneficiary (seller) regarding the
underlying sale contract. But that does not mean the beneficiary might not
have to disgorge that payment later, if the applicant successfully sues the
beneficiary for breach of the underlying sale contract.

32 In Bachmann Pty Ltd v BHP Power New Zealand Ltd [1999] 1 VR 420, in
relation to standby letters of credit, the Court of Appeal of Victoria stated
(at [51]):

The purpose of the independence principle … is to provide the beneficiary with
an unfettered, immediate remedy [ie, payment] … The purpose is not to prevent
any subsequent challenge to the validity of the beneficiary’s claim, but to
ensure that ‘contractual disputes wend their way towards resolution with money
in the beneficiary’s pocket rather than in the pocket of the contracting
party’.

33 There are similar observations in Peter Ellinger & Dora Neo, The Law and
Practice of Documentary Letters of Credit (Hart Publishing, 2010) at pp
138–139:

The rationale for the principle of autonomy stems from the fact that the
system of documentary credits in international trade was developed to give to
a seller the assurance that as long as he presented conforming documents, he
could be paid before he parted with control of the goods, regardless of any
dispute that he might have with the buyer regarding the performance of the
sale contract. … The established understanding between the parties in such
transactions is that where there is a dispute in the underlying contract, the
applicant would seek redress against the beneficiary by bringing a separate
action and not by withholding all or part of the credit or guarantee amount,
ie, he has to pay first and sue later.

[emphasis added]

34 That “pay first and sue later” principle is consistent with a beneficiary’s
right to payment under an LC being regarded as “the equivalent of cash in
hand”: PH Grace Pte Ltd and others v American Express International Banking
Corp [1985–1986] SLR(R) 979 at [20], referring to Continental Illinois
National Bank & Trust Co of Chicago v John Paul Papanicolaou [1986] 2 Lloyd’s
Rep 441.

35 It is arguable that not only an applicant, but also a bank, is entitled to
“pay first and sue later”.

36 Second, it has been recognised that, even if a beneficiary generally owes
no duty of care to an issuing bank in presenting third party documents (such
as shipping documents) to obtain payment under an LC, he may nevertheless be
under a duty of care in the preparation of documents that he has himself
issued (in the present case, BP’s commercial invoices and LOIs).

37 In Niru Battery Manufacturing Co v Milestone Trading Ltd [2004] 1 Lloyd’s
Rep 344 (“Niru Battery”), the surveyors had negligently issued an inspection
certificate stating that goods had been loaded, when the goods had, in fact,
not been loaded. The inspection certificate was presented to obtain payment on
an LC. Thereafter, both the applicant and the bank successfully sued the
surveyors in negligence, and that was upheld by the English Court of Appeal.

38 In the present case, BP issued commercial invoices and LOIs, which BP then
presented to obtain payment from the Bank. BP was not a third party (unlike
the surveyors in Niru Battery), but that does not necessarily mean BP was
under no duty of care to the Bank.

39 In Montrod Ltd v Grundkotter Fleischvertriebs GmbH [2002] 1 WLR 1975
(“Montrod”), the court accepted that a beneficiary could be under a duty of
care in relation to documents that it has issued. GK (the beneficiary) signed
an inspection certificate in the belief that it had been authorised by Montrod
(the applicant for the LC) to do so, when in fact GK had not been so
authorised. GK then presented the certificate for payment on the LC and was
paid by the bank. Montrod, which was required to reimburse the bank, sought to
bring claims against GK in negligence.

40 The court rejected a primary claim that a beneficiary of an LC owes the
applicant a duty to take reasonable care in presenting documents for payment.
However, Montrod was allowed to pursue a narrower negligence claim, in respect
of inspection certificates that the beneficiary GK had signed, which ought
instead to have been signed by Montrod (see Montrod at [69]-[75]). That
narrower negligence claim was premised on a voluntary assumption of
responsibility by GK, unlike the primary negligence claim (see Montrod
[67]-[69] and [75]).

41 Although the intended negligence claims in Montrod were as between
applicant and beneficiary (rather than bank and beneficiary), both the judge
at first instance and the English Court of Appeal considered the position as
between bank and beneficiary, as part of their reasoning. The judge said,
“[t]he beneficiary does not owe a duty of care to the issuing bank” (see
Montrod at [64]), and the English Court of Appeal agreed that the
beneficiary’s “agreement to the terms of a letter of credit” alone was
insufficient to give rise to a duty of care (see Montrod at [66]-[68]). That
was said, however, in relation to the primary negligence claim that a
beneficiary is generally under a duty of care in relation to documents
presented. Those remarks did not stand in the way of the courts allowing the
narrower negligence claim in respect of the inspection certificates that the
beneficiary had signed, and then presented.

42 Both Niru Battery ([37] above) and Montrod were considered in Carrier ([25]
above): the judge stated that he was not inclined to accept that a beneficiary
may in certain instances owe a duty of care to the bank; but, in any event,
from the evidence he could not find an assumption of responsibility by the
beneficiary that could give rise to a duty of care (at [105]).

43 Third, the judge’s overarching view in Carrier – that a bank cannot sue a
beneficiary in negligence – was based on equating the grounds for a bank
refusing payment to the grounds for it recovering payment, rather than an
application of the principles for determining whether there is a duty of care.
The English Court of Appeal in Niru Battery and Montrod, on the other hand,
did not equate grounds for refusing payment with grounds for recovering
payment; instead they applied principles from the law of negligence, in
particular, that of assumption of responsibility.

44 The applicable test or framework in Singapore for determining the
imposition of a duty of care is that set out in Spandeck Engineering (S) Pte
Ltd v Defence Science & Technology Agency [2007] 4 SLR(R) 100 (“Spandeck”): a
preliminary requirement of factual foreseeability, followed by a first stage
of legal proximity, then a second stage of policy considerations (at [73])
(see also Chu Said Thong and another v Vision Law LLC [2014] 4 SLR 375 at
[129]–[224]). The Court of Appeal in Spandeck noted that different tests are
applied in England.

45 English cases on whether there is a duty of care in a particular factual
scenario should thus be read against that backdrop. A finding that there is no
duty under the English tests does not necessarily equate to there being no
duty under Spandeck, and vice versa.

46 In the present case, I consider it arguable that BP did owe the Bank a duty
of care in relation to the commercial invoices and LOIs it issued, and
presented to the Bank.

47 Fourth, to the extent that there are statements in the cases that go
against the imposition of a duty of care on a beneficiary vis-à-vis a bank,
the position is not so well-settled as to justify striking out the Bank’s
claim here.

48 Whether such a duty exists was not the ratio decidendi in Carrier ([25]
above), Montrod ([39] above), or Niru Battery ([37] above). Moreover,
Singapore courts are not bound by English authorities, and have in a number of
instances departed from them. Spandeck itself is an illustration of this.

49 I would also highlight two examples in the context of LCs. The first
example is Beam ([23] above), where the Court of Appeal decided that a bank
could refuse payment if it were satisfied that a material document is a
nullity (see Beam at [33]–[36]). In so doing, the Court of Appeal declined to
follow Montrod on there being no nullity exception to the autonomy principle
(see Beam at [26]-[36]). Instead, the Court of Appeal preferred the views
expressed by the English Court of Appeal in its earlier decision in United
City Merchants (Investments) Ltd v Royal Bank of Canada [1981] 3 WLR 242 that
a bank could refuse payment if it knew that a document presented for payment
was forged (see Beam at [17]–[19] and [31]). That point was then left open by
the House of Lords in UCM ([23] above) (see Beam at [20]–[26] and [31]).

50 The second example is the recognition in Singapore that unconscionability
on the part of a beneficiary is a separate and distinct ground from fraud for
restraining payment on a performance guarantee or bond: Bocotra Construction
Pte Ltd and others v Attorney-General [1995] 2 SLR(R) 262. It has been
suggested in that regard that there should be no difference between
performance guarantees or bonds, and LCs: Ali Malek QC & David Quest, Jack:
Documentary Credits (Tottel Publishing, 4th Ed, 2009) at para 9.28.

51 English law has yet to recognise unconscionability as an exception,
although it stems from a dictum of Eveleigh LJ in Potton Homes Ltd v Coleman
Contractors (Overseas) Ltd (1985) 28 BLR 19, and the point has been left open
in Montrod (at [59]-[60]).

52 That the Singapore courts can chart their own course is particularly
significant when the issue has yet to be determined as the ratio decidendi of
any English or local case. The issue of whether a beneficiary of an LC owes
the bank any duty of care, particularly in relation to documents prepared by
the beneficiary, should not be summarily determined against the Bank here on a
striking out application.

53 Fifth, the further matters which BP sought to rely upon (beyond what is
stated in the SOC – see [22] above) do not justify striking out the Bank’s
negligence claim. BP put before me the full text of the LOIs to support its
submissions that a duty of care should not be imposed, because: (a) the LOIs
were addressed to Hin Leong (albeit then presented to the Bank); and (b) the
full text of the LOIs suggested that only Hin Leong should have any rights
under them. Given that BP filed no affidavit, and moreover had informed the
registrar at the start of the first instance hearing that it was only relying
on the pleadings and submissions, I was reluctant to allow BP to belatedly
introduce evidence in the form of the full text of the LOIs.

54 In any event, the matters relied upon by BP did not render the Bank’s
negligence claim unarguable. Whatever BP and Hin Leong may have intended as
between themselves, it remained the case that the LOIs were in the form
prescribed by the Bank in the LCs, and they were presented to the Bank.
Arguably, the LOIs could still amount to representations by BP to the Bank,
and BP could still owe the Bank a duty of care in the circumstances. Moreover,
BP presented not only the LOIs, but also its commercial invoices.

55 The Bank’s claim in negligence against BP does have some prospect of
success, and I thus reverse the registrar’s decision to strike out that claim.

Does the Bank have a reasonable cause of action in fraud?

56 The elements of a claim in deceit are well-settled (Panatron Pte Ltd and
another v Lee Cheow Lee and another [2001] 2 SLR(R) 435 (“Panatron”) at [14]):

… First, there must be a representation of fact made by words or conduct.
Second, the representation must be made with the intention that it should be
acted upon by the plaintiff, or by a class of persons which includes the
plaintiff. Third, it must be proved that the plaintiff … acted upon the false
statement. Fourth, it must be proved that the plaintiff suffered damage by so
doing. Fifth, the representation must be made with knowledge that it is false;
it must be wilfully false, or at least made in the absence of any genuine
belief that it is true.

57 The Bank pleaded that, by presenting documents for payment under the LCs
(including BP’s LOIs), BP made various representations as particularised in
paras 48, 54 and 60 of the SOC. There are two broad themes:

(a) that there were genuine sales of goods by BP, rather than back-to-back
transactions and/or what the Bank described as the “Fictitious Purchase
Scheme”; and

(b) that the goods existed.

58 The Bank pleaded at paras 50, 56 and 62 of the SOC that the representations
were false, in that:

(a) there was no genuine sale of goods by BP, instead these were back-to-back
transactions and/or part of the Fictitious Purchase Scheme;

(b) the goods did not exist.

59 The Bank pleaded at paras 51, 57 and 63 of the SOC that BP made the
representations “fraudulently in that BP knew that they were false when it
made them or was reckless, not caring whether they were true or false”.
Further, at paras 49(a), 55(a) and 61(a) of the SOC, the Bank pleaded that BP
would or ought to have known that the representations were false, having
regard to the background the Bank pleaded in relation to the transactions
between Hin Leong and BP (see [9] above), the LCs (see [54] above), and what
Hin Leong’s interim judicial managers had found (see [12]-[14] above).

60 The Bank pleaded at paras 52, 58 and 64 of the SOC that BP intended for the
Bank to rely on the representations, in that the representations were made to
induce the Bank to pay BP on the LCs.

61 The Bank pleaded at paras 53, 59 and 65 of the SOC that it relied on the
representations by paying BP and further, at para 66 of the SOC, that it
suffered loss and damage as a consequence.

62 BP’s attack on the Bank’s fraud claim focused on the element of fraudulent
intent (see [59] above). BP contends that the Bank’s pleading on this was
formulaic – it simply recited the legal formulation of that element. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

1st Defendant’s Written Submissions dated 21 April 2021 (“1DWS”) at para 75.

63 BP relies on the High Court decision in Kim Hock Yung and others v
Cooperative Centrale Raiffeisen-Boerenleenbank BA (trading as Rabobank) (Lee
Mon Sun, third party) [2000] 2 SLR(R) 455 (“Kim Hock Yung”) where a claim of
fraud was struck out. The court noted that it is not enough merely to plead
that a false statement has been made, without there also being a sufficient
pleading of the alleged fraudulent intent (at [4]):

A false statement is not necessarily a fraudulent statement in the context of
fraudulent misrepresentation. There are innocuous reasons why a person might
have made a statement that turns out to be untrue. A fraudulent
misrepresentation is a representation made by a person knowing that it was
false or so recklessly uncaring as to whether it was true or not.

64 The court thus went on to say (at [6]):

… details of the alleged fraudulent intent must be provided. In this context
of this case, I would expect, for example, a statement setting out the
defendants’ knowledge of some specific fact or facts, or the existence of some
specific fact or circumstances which were clearly contradictory and
inconsistent with the representations made by them. Otherwise, the pleading is
no more than a bare accusation that the defendants intended to deceive. The
pleading of a cause of action founded on the tort of deceit must give full
particulars of the basis for the averment or else it must be struck out.

65 In Kim Hock Yung, the pleading as to fraudulent intent, which was struck
out, read (at [5]):

All the representations to the first plaintiff were made by the defendants,
their aforementioned servants and/or agents:

(a) knowing that they were false,

(b) without any belief in their truth,

(c) reckless, without care as to whether they were true or false.

66 That pleading provided no basis for the allegations of fraudulent intent,
and it was struck out.

67 In the present case, however, the Bank did not merely plead that “BP knew
that [the representations] were false when it made them or was reckless, not
caring whether they were true or false”. The Bank also pleaded that BP would
or ought to have known that the representations were false, having regard to
the background the Bank pleaded in relation to the transactions between Hin
Leong and BP, the LCs, and what Hin Leong’s interim judicial managers had
found (see [59] above).

68 I evaluate this in relation to the two categories of allegedly false
representations: as to the nature of the transactions, and as to the existence
of the goods.

Is there a sufficient pleading of fraudulent intent, in respect of the
representations as to the nature of the transactions?

69 The Bank’s complaint is that it was led to believe it was financing a
genuine sale of goods by BP (a seller acceptable to the Bank) to Hin Leong,
when that was not the case. The Bank did not know that the goods purportedly
sold by BP emanated from Hin Leong itself (if those goods even existed). As
between Hin Leong and BP, each transaction was a purported back-to-back sale
and repurchase, but the Bank did not know that.

70 The Bank also did not know what the interim judicial managers would later
find out: that each of these transactions between Hin Leong and BP involved
Hin Leong incurring a loss (because Hin Leong was contracting to buy back the
same goods at a higher price); and that the transactions were apparently
intended solely to obtain liquidity for Hin Leong so there was no commercial
benefit to Hin Leong apart from this.

71 Were the two legs of each back-to-back transaction genuine sale and
purchase contracts, or was each back-to-back transaction in substance a loan?
To answer this, the court will have to ascertain the true nature and substance
of the transactions: Thai Chee Ken and others (Liquidators of Pan-Electric
Industries Ltd) v Banque Paribas [1992] 1 SLR(R) 280 at [24] and [26]; [1993]
1 SLR(R) 871 at [9] and [12]). In that case, the High Court and the Court of
Appeal both concluded that there was a genuine sale and repurchase, having
regard to the circumstances of the case, which included the company having
given negative pledge covenants that a secured loan would have offended
against. On the facts in Re Curtain Dream [1990] BCLC 925, however, the court
concluded that the purported sale and repurchase there was in substance a
loan.

72 In this case, BP itself described the back-to-back transactions as: 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

1st Defendant’s Written Submissions dated 14 January 2021 at para 11.

… a structured finance arrangement between Hin Leong and BP, under which Hin
Leong would sell gasoil to BP and BP would sell back the gasoil to Hin Leong
on a back-to-back basis which would give both parties commercial benefits,
viz, in relation to BP, the benefit of a ‘spread’ (i.e. the difference in
purchase and sale price) earned, and, in relation to Hin Leong, the benefit of
obtaining liquidity.

73 For present purposes, it is sufficient for me to say that the Bank has an
arguable case that the back-to-back transactions between Hin Leong and BP were
in substance a loan from BP to Hin Leong, with BP earning a “spread” in the
nature of interest on that loan, and Hin Leong using the LCs from the Bank to
repay the loan.

74 If the Bank succeeds on the issue of characterisation, that would in turn
support the Bank’s assertions that BP knew what the true nature of the back-
to-back transactions was, and that BP knowingly misrepresented that to the
Bank. From that, the Bank could contend that (as it has pleaded), BP had the
requisite fraudulent intent.

Is there a sufficient pleading of fraudulent intent, in respect of the
representations as to the existence of the goods?

75 As stated by the Court of Appeal in Panatron ([56] above), “the
representation must be made with knowledge that it is false; it must be
wilfully false, or at least made in the absence of any genuine belief that it
is true” (at [14]). The Court of Appeal also cited Derry v Peek (1889) 14 App
Cas 337 (“Derry v Peek”) for its holding that in an action of deceit the
plaintiff must prove actual fraud: “[t]his fraud is proved only when it is
shown that a false representation has been made knowingly, or without belief
in its truth, or recklessly, without caring whether it be true or false” (at
[13]).

76 In Derry v Peek, Lord Herschell said that the third case (“recklessly”), is
but an instance of the second case (“without belief in its truth”), “for one
who makes a statement under such circumstances can have no real belief in the
truth of what he states” (at 374). He continued, “[t]o prevent a false
statement being fraudulent, there must, I think, always be an honest belief in
its truth” (at 374).

77 The Bank pleaded at paras 51, 57 and 63 of the SOC that BP made the false
statements “fraudulently in that BP knew that they were false when it made
them or was reckless, not caring whether they were true or false”. As pleaded,
the Bank has alleged fraudulent intent within the first and third of Lord
Herschell’s three cases, ie, knowledge of falsity, and recklessness. However,
in view of Lord Herschell’s observations as to the relationship between
recklessness and the lack of an honest belief in truth, the Bank could seek
also to rely on the second case (lack of an honest belief in truth). Indeed,
that is how the Bank’s arguments proceeded. If the pleadings ought to be more
specific on this, that is a matter for amendment, not striking out.

78 BP contends that the Bank had not pleaded sufficient particulars of the
alleged fraudulent intent. In particular, BP argues that the Bank had not
pleaded facts relating to BP’s knowledge that the cargo did not exist at the
time of the presentation of documents. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

1DWS at para 77.

The Bank, on the other hand, contended that it was sufficient if it proved
that BP had said the cargo existed, recklessly or without an honest belief in
the truth of what it was saying. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions dated 21 April 2021 (“PWS”) at para 41.

79 The Bank had pleaded at paras 49(a), 55(a) and 61(a) of the SOC that BP
would or ought to have known that the representations were false, having
regard to the background the Bank pleaded in relation to the transactions
between Hin Leong and BP, the LCs, and what Hin Leong’s interim judicial
managers had found (see [59] above). That pleading focused on BP’s actual or
constructive knowledge, and recklessness was not specifically mentioned there.
However, if BP ought specifically to refer to recklessness in that context,
that too is a matter for amendment, not striking out.

80 The fundamental question is whether the background pleaded by the Bank
provides sufficient particulars for its allegation of fraud by BP, in relation
to BP’s representations that the goods existed (when in fact they did not).

81 According to the Bank’s pleadings at paras 19(a)(i), 19(b)(i), 37(a) and
42(a) of the SOC, BP’s commercial invoices were for goods that had purportedly
already been shipped on particular vessels.

82 The Bank also pleaded at paras 19(a)(ii), 19(b)(ii), 37(b) and 42(b) of the
SOC that BP’s LOIs all refer to the goods as being in existence: there are
references to a certain quantity “of the said product [gasoil]” and to “the
cargo”; and warranties “that we were entitled to possession of the product”,
“we had good title to such product”, and “that title in the product has been
passed as provided in the agreement”.

83 BP presumably did not have the shipping documents when it presented those
commercial invoices and LOIs to the Bank for payment under the LCs; on the
terms of the LCs, if the shipping documents were available to BP it ought to
have presented them instead (see [10] above).

84 That in turn raises the question: on what basis (if any) did BP say that
goods existed, when in fact they did not? Did BP know that the goods did not
exist? Did BP lack an honest belief in whether the goods existed? Was BP
reckless in not caring whether the goods existed or not?

85 The Bank pleaded at para 29 of the SOC (citing para 154(a) of the IJM
Report) that the 27 transactions involving non-existent goods typically
involved Hin Leong providing to its counterparty documents referencing the
goods, such as an invoice, a copy of the bill of lading and/or a letter of
indemnity. If BP had received such documents from Hin Leong before issuing its
commercial invoices and LOIs, that would tend to go against an allegation that
BP knew the goods did not exist. Even if BP did not have those documents in
hand when it issued its commercial invoices and LOIs, it does not necessarily
follow that BP knew the goods did not exist.

86 In either scenario, though, might the Bank still have an arguable case that
BP was reckless in not caring whether the goods existed, or lacked an honest
belief in the existence of the goods?

87 As each transaction between Hin Leong and BP was on a back-to-back basis,
with the goods (if they existed) originating from Hin Leong and being sold
straight back to Hin Leong, did BP care about the stated quantity or quality
of the goods, or whether the goods existed at all? If the back-to-back
transactions were in substance a loan (as discussed above at [71]-[73]), and
if BP viewed them as such, might BP have regarded the transactions as merely a
way for Hin Leong to generate liquidity, with BP being paid a spread (in the
nature of interest on a loan) for its role in the transactions? Did BP think
that because the goods were simultaneously being repurchased by Hin Leong, the
quantity, quality, or even existence of the goods really did not matter? After
all, as between Hin Leong and BP, Hin Leong could hardly complain about any
issues with the quantity, quality, or existence of goods that emanated from
Hin Leong itself.

88 The questions I have posed above are not appropriate for summary
determination on a striking out application. I consider that the Bank does
have an arguable case on whether BP was fraudulent, at least in the sense of
BP being reckless in not caring whether the goods existed and/or lacking an
honest belief in the existence of the goods.

89 As such, I agree with the registrar that the Bank’s claim in fraud should
not be struck out.

Conspiracy

90 The registrar also did not strike out the Bank’s claim in conspiracy.

91 On appeal, BP contends that even if the fraud claim were allowed to stand,
the conspiracy claim should be struck out because the Bank has not identified
the individuals in BP who allegedly engaged in the conspiracy. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

1DWS at para 103.

92 The Bank’s pleaded conspiracy claim against BP at para 77 of the SOC was
that BP, together with Hin Leong, Ocean Tankers, and the three individual
defendants (or any of them) “wrongfully and/or dishonestly and with intent to
injure the Bank by unlawful means, conspired and combined together to enter
into and/or carry out the Fictitious Purchase Scheme … and/or to procure that
the Bank issue [the LCs] and/or make payment to BP thereunder”.

93 In its particulars to the pleaded conspiracy claim, the Bank repeated what
it had pleaded in paras 2-76 of the SOC. That included the background in
relation to the transactions between Hin Leong and BP, the LCs, and what Hin
Leong’s interim judicial managers had found; and the Bank’s allegations of
fraud and negligence against BP.

94 At paras 77(b)–(c) of the SOC, the Bank set out how the alleged conspiracy
was carried out, including the applications made to obtain the LCs from the
Bank, and how the Bank was led to make payment under those LCs.

95 At para 77(e) of the SOC, the Bank set out various unlawful acts and means
carried out pursuant to and in furtherance of the conspiracy, by which the
Bank was injured. These included the matters that are the subject of the
Bank’s fraud and negligence claims against BP, and also: Hin Leong’s breaches
of Banking Agreements with the Bank; the individual defendants’ inducement of
those breaches; Hin Leong’s and the individual defendants’ misrepresentations
and/or concealment of matters; the issuance of false bills of lading; breaches
of fiduciary duties owed by the individual defendants to Hin Leong and/or
Ocean Tankers; and breaches of statutory duties under s 157(1) of the
Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) by the individual defendants.

96 BP contends that the Bank needs to go further, and identify who in BP did
what. BP relies on the High Court decision in Antariksa Logistics Pte Ltd and
others v Nurdian Cuaca and others [2018] 3 SLR 117 (“Antariksa”), where the
court said (at [146]):

… although a company, being a legal person, can be a party to a conspiracy, it
is an artificial construct. In order for it to be fixed with the requisite
intention or state of mind, it is necessary to pinpoint some human actor with
that state of mind and to determine whether, as a matter of law, that state of
mind may be attributed to the company.

97 In Antariksa, the plaintiffs had identified the first defendant (a natural
person) as the agent of the second defendant company (see [148]). The
sufficiency of particulars of conspiracy was not in issue in Antariksa. The
case concerned an application by the second defendant to strike out the claim
against it for being internally contradictory, which the court rejected.

98 Antariksa cited The Dolphina [2012] 1 SLR 992 where the issue at trial was
whether the knowledge of a member of the board of directors could be
attributed to the defendant company. That case too did not concern any issue
of sufficiency of particulars.

99 Unlike Antariksa and The Dolphina, there is no issue in the present case of
whether the knowledge of particular individuals in BP is to be attributed to
BP. BP’s complaint is more basic: the Bank has not identified any particular
individuals within BP. In reply submissions, however, BP’s counsel said BP was
not arguing that in every case involving a corporate conspirator, the
plaintiff would need to identify individuals, or face having its claim struck
out; rather, the complaint was that the Bank did not have enough to make out
the requisite state of mind on BP’s part, for a conspiracy claim.
Specifically, BP contended that it was not sufficient for the Bank simply to
say that BP as a beneficiary wanted the Bank to pay it on the LCs. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Notes of Argument, 28 April 2021, p 12 lines 15-20.

100 There must be sufficient particulars of a conspiracy claim; the defendants
must know what case they have to meet from the pleadings. I find that the
Bank’s pleadings sufficiently informs BP what case it has to meet in respect
of conspiracy. The Bank’s fraud and negligence claims against BP (which I
consider the Bank is entitled to pursue) are themselves aspects of the Bank’s
conspiracy claim against BP. The Bank has said what acts of BP it is
complaining of, and what BP’s knowledge and intention was. The Bank has not
named individuals within BP, but BP itself would know which individuals within
BP were involved in the matters the Bank is complaining of. The Bank is not
simply saying that BP wanted to be paid on the LCs, and so BP is a
conspirator.

101 Accordingly, I agree with the registrar that the Bank’s claim in
conspiracy should not be struck out.

Unjust enrichment

102 The registrar struck out this claim in part: he allowed the Bank to assert
unjust enrichment further to its claim in fraud, but not independent of fraud.

103 As discussed in the section on negligence (see [27]–[55] above), I
consider it is arguable that the grounds on which a bank could seek to recover
payment from a beneficiary it has paid on an LC, are not limited to the
grounds on which the bank could resist making payment (see [31] above). It
follows that if a claim for unjust enrichment can be made out, the absence of
fraud would arguably not defeat the claim.

104 BP relied on Mees Pierson NV v Bay Pacific (S) Pte Ltd and others [2000] 2
SLR(R) 864 (“Mees Pierson”). There, after the bank had made payment, it found
that the bill of lading had been antedated and that the health certificate was
a forgery (see [11]–[12] and [19]). However, the beneficiary had innocently
presented these documents to the bank (see [21], [23], [25] and [50]).

105 The court held that if the health certificate was a forgery it would be a
nullity; and if the bank knew that before making payment, it would have been
under no obligation to accept the document and pay (see Mees Pierson at [42]).
However, the LC in that case was governed by the Uniform Customs and Practice
for Documentary Credits (1993 Revision) (ICC Publication No 500)  (“the UCP
500”) which required the bank to give notice of rejection of documents by the
close of the seventh banking day following the date of receipt, and the bank
did not do so (see Mees Pierson at [45]). Art 14(e) of the UCP 500 provides
that, if the bank fails to give notice of rejection within the stipulated
period, the bank “shall be precluded from claiming that the documents are not
in compliance with the terms and conditions of the credit” (see Mees Pierson
at [45]).

106 The bank’s claim in Mees Pierson failed, not because unjust enrichment was
not an available cause of action per se, but because under the UCP 500 the
bank was precluded from claiming that the documents were not in compliance
with the credit – and that was the mistake on which its unjust enrichment
claim was based. If, however, the fraud exception applied, the court accepted
that the bank could then have sued in fraud, and that it might also have
sought restitution (see Mees Pierson at [49]).

107 In the present case, the commercial invoices and LOIs which BP presented
were not forged documents – they were issued by BP. The Bank’s unjust
enrichment claim is not based on those documents being forged and non-
compliant. The Bank’s claim, as pleaded at para 68(d) of the SOC, is based on
well-established unjust factors under the law of unjust enrichment: mistake of
fact and absence/failure of basis (Wee Chiaw Sek Anna v Ng Li-Ann Genevieve
(sole executrix of the estate of Ng Hock Seng, deceased) and another [2013] 3
SLR 801 at [132]–[133]).

108 It is arguable that a valid cause of action in unjust enrichment (by a
bank against the beneficiary of an LC) is not limited to cases of fraud. In
Niru Battery ([37] above), the English Court of Appeal upheld the trial
judge’s decision that CAI (which had received payment under the LC on behalf
of the beneficiary) was not liable in deceit, but was liable to make
restitution of the monies received – on the basis of payment by the bank under
a mistake of fact.

Conclusion

109 In view of the above, I allow the Bank’s appeal in RA 65 and dismiss BP’s
appeal in RA 66. I will hear the parties on costs.

Andre Maniam  
Judicial Commissioner|  
---|---  
  
Jason Chan SC, Tan Xeauwei, Melissa Mak, Afzal Ali, Marrissa Miralini Karuna,
Racheal Wong Shu Yi (Allen & Gledhill LLP) for the plaintiff;

Harpreet Singh Nehal SC, Jordan Tan, Victor Leong (Audent Chambers LLC)
(instructed), Chew Kei-Jin, Samantha Ch’ng, Tyne Lam (Ascendant Legal LLC) for
the first defendant;

Ayana Ki (Davinder Singh Chambers LLC) for the second defendant (watching
brief);

Eileen Yeo (Advocatus Law LLP) for the third defendant

(watching brief);

Lim Qiu’en (Damodara Ong LLC) for the fourth defendant

(watching brief).

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 26 Aug 2021 (13:31 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

