Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC 23

Originating Summons No 1378 of 2018

Between

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| Abdul Kahar bin Othman  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

grounds of decision

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Confiscation and forfeiture]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  
v

  

Abdul Kahar bin Othman

[2021] SGHC 23

General Division of the High Court — Originating Summons No 1378 of 2018  
Vincent Hoong J  
17 February 2020

2 February 2021

Vincent Hoong J:

1 This concerns Originating Summons No 1378 of 2018 (the “OS”). In the OS, the
Public Prosecutor (the “PP”) applied for a confiscation order and various
other related orders against Abdul Kahar bin Othman (the “Defendant”) under ss
4, 7 and 10 of the Corruption, Drug Trafficking and Other Serious Crimes
(Confiscation of Benefits) Act (Cap 65A, 2000 Rev Ed) (“CDSA”). The said
orders had to do with the benefits that the Defendant had allegedly derived
from his drug dealing activities. The Defendant resisted the OS. After hearing
parties on 17 February 2020 (the “Hearing”), I allowed the PP’s application.
In particular, I granted the following:

(a) A confiscation order for the amount of $167,429.51, being the value of the
benefits derived by the Defendant from drug trafficking in accordance with s 4
of the CDSA (the “Confiscation Order”);

(b) An order that the amount to be recovered from the Defendant under the
Confiscation Order shall be the sum of $167,429.51.

(c) An order that the defendant shall pay the sum of $167,429.51 to the State.

(d) An order that the following realisable property be realised and the
proceeds of the realisation be applied on the Defendant's behalf towards the
satisfaction of the Confiscation Order:

(i) Cash of $70,295.55 that was seized from the Defendant.

(ii) A sum of $65,551.47 in a DBS/POSB bank account in the name of the
Defendant (the “DBS/POSB Account”).

(iii) A sum of $31,582.49 in an OCBC bank account in the name of the Defendant
(the “OCBC Account”).

(e) A certificate pursuant to s 10(2) of the CDSA (the “Certificate”) stating
that:

(i) the Confiscation Order was made against the Defendant in respect of the
benefits derived by him from drug trafficking, which benefits were assessed to
be $167,429.51;

(ii) the amount to be recovered from the Defendant was $167,429.51; and

(iii) the amount that might be realised at the date of the Confiscation Order
was $167,429.51.

(f) That there be no order as to costs.

The orders set out at sub-paragraphs (b) to (f) above are referred to as the
“Remaining Orders”.

2 On 23 September 2020, the Defendant applied for leave to file an appeal
against my above decision out of time. This leave application was granted by
the Court of Appeal on 20 October 2020. On 5 November 2020, the Defendant
filed his Notice of Appeal. I thus set out the reasons for my decision below.

Background and parties’ arguments in the OS

3 On 6 July 2010, the Defendant was arrested by officers from the Central
Narcotics Bureau and found with a packet containing diamorphine. A subsequent
search of his home resulted in the recovery of another two packets and a
sachet that also contained diamorphine. Two charges were eventually brought
against the Defendant under s 5(1)(a) read with s 5(2) of the Misuse of Drugs
Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed) (“MDA”) for trafficking in diamorphine. On 27
August 2013, the Defendant was convicted by the High Court of both charges. On
24 October 2013, the High Court judge (the “Judge”) also found that the
Defendant was a courier for the purpose of s 33B(2)(a) of the MDA. A criminal
reference was then filed to the Court of Appeal. In its decision, the Court of
Appeal provided guidance on the meaning of a courier for the purpose of the
aforementioned provision and set aside the Judge’s finding. The case
concerning the Defendant was then remitted to the Judge. On 4 February 2015,
the Judge decided that the Defendant was not a courier for the purpose of s
33B(2)(a) of the MDA and passed the death sentence on the Defendant. The
Defendant appealed against his conviction and sentence. The appeal was
dismissed by the Court of Appeal. A criminal motion was later filed to reopen
the Defendant’s appeal, but it was also dismissed by the Court of Appeal on 16
August 2018.

4 On 13 November 2018, after the abovementioned criminal proceedings had
finally concluded, the PP filed the present OS. The parties’ arguments are
discussed in greater detail below along with the relevant statutory
provisions. I will only briefly summarise them here. In the OS, the PP sought,
in substance, the same orders which I eventually granted (as set out at
[1(a)]–[1(e)] above). The PP’s two main arguments were as follows:

(a) Between 2005 and 2010, the Defendant had accumulated wealth of
$360,794.08, for which only $193,364.57 came from known sources of income.
Under s 4(4) of the CDSA, the remaining $167,429.51 was presumed to be
benefits derived by the Defendant from his drug dealing activities. The
Defendant had, however, failed to satisfactorily explain his holding of this
sum of $167,429.51. As such, a confiscation order under s 4 of the CDSA ought
to be made against the Defendant for the amount of $167,429.51.

(b) The Defendant had “realisable property”, as defined in s 2(1) of the CDSA,
of $237,647.77. The court should hence order that the amount of $167,429.51 be
recovered from the Defendant and that certain specified “realisable property”
be applied to satisfy the confiscation order sought.

5 On the other hand, the Defendant contested the PP’s submission as regards
his net worth and the property that could be “realised” for the purpose of
satisfying any confiscation order against him. In particular, the Defendant
claimed that, contrary to the PP’s submission, a sum of $60,000 held in his
mother’s bank account belonged to her rather than him. More generally, he
argued that his income was greater than what the PP had indicated and that he
had fully explained the wealth he accumulated between 2005 and 2010. The
Defendant hence took the position that the court should refuse to make the
confiscation order and the other orders sought by the PP.

My decision

6 I first discuss my reasons for making the Confiscation Order, followed by my
reasons for making the Remaining Orders.

The Confiscation Order

7 Section 4(1) of the CDSA provides:

Confiscation orders

4.—(1) Subject to section 27, where a defendant is convicted of one or more
drug dealing offences, the court shall, on the application of the Public
Prosecutor, make a confiscation order against the defendant in respect of
benefits derived by him from drug dealing if the court is satisfied that such
benefits have been so derived.

8 Pursuant to the above provision, the court shall make a confiscation order
on the application of the PP where:

(a) the defendant has been “convicted of one or more drug dealing offences”;
and

(b) the court is satisfied that the benefits (in respect of which the
confiscation order is to be made) were derived from drug dealing.

9 As regards the first requirement, s 2 of the CDSA defines a “drug dealing
offence” as, inter alia, any offence specified in the First Schedule of the
CDSA. This includes an offence of trafficking in a controlled drug under s 5
of the MDA. As stated earlier, the Defendant was convicted of two charges of
trafficking in diamorphine under s 5(1)(a) read with s 5(2) of the MDA. The
first requirement is therefore satisfied.

10 Turning to the second requirement, s 4(4) of the CDSA provides for the
following presumption:

(4) Subject to section 28, for the purposes of this Act, a person who holds or
has at any time (whether before or after 30th November 1993) held any property
or any interest therein disproportionate to his known sources of income, the
holding of which cannot be explained to the satisfaction of the court, shall,
until the contrary is proved, be presumed to have derived benefits from drug
dealing.

[emphasis added]

11 Section 7(1) of the CDSA further sets out how the “benefits derived…from
drug dealing” are to be assessed:

Assessing benefits of drug dealing

7.—(1) Subject to section 28, for the purposes of this Act —

(a) the benefits derived by any person from drug dealing shall be any property
or interest therein (including income accruing from such property or interest)
held by the person at any time, whether before or after 30th November 1993,
being property or interest disproportionate to his known sources of income and
the holding of which cannot be explained to the satisfaction of the court; and

(b) the value of the benefits derived by him from drug dealing shall be the
aggregate of the values of the properties and interests therein referred to in
paragraph (a).

[emphasis added]

12 To support its argument as set out at [4(a)] above, the PP relied upon the
affidavit of Senior Staff Sergeant Lim Mei Wah (“SSSGT Lim”). SSSGT Lim’s
affidavit exhibited a statement relevant to (a) the determination of whether
benefits had been derived by the Defendant from drug dealing; and (b) the
assessment of the value of those benefits (“Statement”) (see s 9 of the CDSA).

13 In the Statement, SSSGT Lim stated that she had conducted investigations
into the Defendant’s financial affairs between 2005 and 2010. She also
produced a concealed income analysis report as part of the Statement. The
Statement made the following findings:

(a) The Defendant’s net worth as at 1 March 2005 was $10,568.55, consisting of
$3,074.63 in cash and $7,493.92 in two bank accounts. The aforementioned date
was the day that the Defendant was released after serving 10 years of
preventive detention.

(b) Over five years later, on 6 July 2010 (ie, the date of the Defendant’s
arrest), the Defendant’s net worth was $278,547.77. This comprised the
following:

(i) $70,296.78 in cash that was seized from the Defendant at the time of his
arrest.

(ii) $107,350.99 in various bank accounts belonging to the Defendant,
including the DBS/POSB Account and the OCBC Account.

(iii) A sum of $60,000, which had been deposited by the Defendant into a bank
account belonging to his mother (“Mother”).

(iv) A car purchased by the Defendant worth $40,900.

(c) Between 1 March 2005 and 6 July 2010 (the “relevant period”), the
Defendant’s total expenditure was $92,814.86. This was calculated by adding up
various expenses, including the Defendant’s meal and transport costs, car
insurance payments and allowances that he had given to the Mother. The figures
for such expenses were taken from, inter alia, the Defendant’s own statements
to the police as well as documentary records, where available.

(d) During the relevant period, the Defendant’s increase in net worth was
therefore $360,794.08 (ie, the sum of $278,547.77 and $92,814.86, less
$10,568.55).

(e) The Defendant had, however, received only $193,364.57 from known sources
of income during the relevant period. This comprised (i) income from the
Defendant’s work “doing upholstery and delivery”; (ii) interest earned on his
bank accounts; (iii) government subsidies; (iv) income from government shares;
and (v) lottery winnings.

(f) Based on the foregoing, it was calculated that as of 6 July 2010, the
Defendant held property and interest in the amount of $167,429.51
disproportionate to his known sources of income (ie, $360,794.08 less
$193,364.57).

The PP contended that the Defendant could not explain his holding of the sum
of $167,429.51 to the satisfaction of the court. It was hence argued that
pursuant to ss 4(4) and 7(1) of the CDSA, the Defendant was presumed to have
derived $167,429.51 from drug dealing.

14 Contrary to the PP’s claim that his net worth as at 6 July 2010 was
$278,547.77, the Defendant claimed that the sum of $60,000 held in the
Mother’s bank account was hers, not his (see [13(b)(iii)] above). Furthermore,
he said that he had earned more income during the relevant period than what
SSSGT Lim had found. Curiously, the Defendant insisted that he had earned
exactly “$360[,]794.08 from 1 March 2005 to 6 July 2010”. This is even though,
as mentioned at [13(d)] above, the PP had determined this figure of
$360,794.08 to represent the increase in the Defendant’s net worth during the
relevant period. This increase was based on the PP’s calculation of the
Defendant’s net worth as at 6 July 2010, which included the $60,000 in the
Mother’s bank account that the Defendant said was not even his (or earned by
him) in the first place.

15 To support his position as set out above, the Defendant claimed, inter
alia, as follows:

(a) He had invested “$5000 – $10000” in his brother’s company and had earned
returns of “$6000 – $20000 from [his] investments”. His earnings could be up
to “$15000” especially during festive periods.

(b) He had a side-job sewing cushion covers, skirting sofas and curtains. He
earned “$250 for cushion covers…in 2 days”, “$200 for skirting covers…in 1
day” and “$300 for…curtains in 2 days”.

(c) He was also a delivery driver. He charged customers “$50 each day” and
made “8 trips in 1 month” such that he earned “$400 [per month]”. This enabled
him to earn $19,200 over four years.

(d) He had started his own furniture business.

(e) He won prize money of $200 and $4000 from the lottery.

(f) All of the monies coming from his employment in his brother’s company, his
side-jobs, his own business and his lottery winnings were “cash-in-hand”.
There were “no invoice records as it was an old-fashioned style of business”.

(g) He only earned $8,000 from selling drugs on 16 occasions over a period of
two months. As such, the benefits he derived from drug dealing only amounted
to $8,000.

16 In my judgment, the analysis by SSSGT Lim in the Statement, as set out at
[13] above, was generally sound. In particular, I accepted that the $60,000 in
the Mother’s bank account (referred to at [13(b)(iii)] above) had indeed come
from the Defendant such that it constituted property “held by [him] at any
time” (see ss 4(4) and 7(1) of the CDSA). This meant that the Defendant had to
explain to this court’s satisfaction how he had earned the said sum. In this
regard, I referred to the Mother’s statement to the police (dated 6 July
2010). In that statement, the Mother plainly stated that out of the
$104,057.12 in her bank account, $60,000 belonged to the Defendant whilst the
remainder was hers. She specifically mentioned that the Defendant had placed
$60,000 into her bank account through the last four transactions recorded in
her bank book at the time. These transactions were:

(a) a deposit of $20,000 on 11 February 2010;

(b) a deposit of $10,000 on 25 March 2010;

(c) a deposit of $10,000 on 3 May 2010; and

(d) a deposit of $20,000 on 18 June 2010.

17 The Defendant also admitted in his first statement to the police (dated 12
July 2010) that “[as regards] the money inside [his] mother bank account[,]
only the last four transaction…was [his] and it was derived from [his] illegal
money lending business however the remaining money was [his] mother life
saving”. These statements by the Mother and the Defendant strongly pointed to
the conclusion that the $60,000 in the Mother’s bank account genuinely came
from the Defendant.

18 Notably, the Defendant retracted his admission in his later statement to
the police (dated 22 September 2011). In that statement, he claimed instead
that all the money in the Mother’s bank account belonged to her and had been
given to her by his siblings. At the Hearing, the Defendant maintained that
the $60,000 belonged to the Mother. He also asserted that one of his
statements (presumably the one dated 12 July 2010) had been inaccurately
translated by the interpreter. In my view, however, the Defendant’s about-turn
was quite clearly an afterthought. It came across as a contrived attempt to
avoid having to explain his past holding of the sum of $60,000 and to allow
his Mother to benefit from the same instead. I thus rejected the Defendant’s
position as regards this sum of monies.

19 More generally, I also found the Defendant’s attempt to explain his other
alleged sources of income (as set out at [15] above) to be unsatisfactory. To
begin with, the Defendant’s allegation that he had earned returns of “$6000 –
$20000” on his investment of “$5000 – $10000” in his brother’s company was
difficult to believe. The higher end of his estimate indicated he would have
earned an incredible 100% return on investment. Yet, the Defendant offered
hardly any details as to the exact nature of this investment. As far as his
side-jobs sewing cushion covers, skirting sofas and curtains were concerned,
the Defendant only provided his alleged daily earnings without any indication
of the total amount he received. Further, despite stating that he had started
his own furniture business, the Defendant similarly gave no details as to how
much he had earned from this business. Importantly, none of the Defendant’s
allegations as to his sources of income were supported by any
documents/records at all.

20 In the circumstances, the Defendant fell considerably short of explaining
to this court’s satisfaction his holding of the amount of $167,429.51, which
was disproportionate to his known sources of income. I thus held that pursuant
to s 4(4) of the CDSA, the Defendant was presumed to have derived benefits
from drug dealing and had failed to prove the contrary. I assessed the said
benefits at $167,429.51 in accordance with s 7(1) of the CDSA. I hence decided
to make the Confiscation Order for that amount against the Defendant under s
4(1) of the CDSA.

The Remaining Orders

21 I turn then to the Remaining Orders set out at [1(b)]–[1(f)] above. They
relate, inter alia, to the amount to be recovered from the Defendant under the
Confiscation Order, the realisation of property to satisfy the said order and
the issuance of the Certificate.

22 I begin by setting out the relevant statutory provisions. Under s 2(1) of
the CDSA, the definition of “realisable property” comprises the following two
categories of property:

(a) “[A]ny property held by the defendant”.

(b) “[A]ny property held by a person to whom the defendant has, directly or
indirectly, made a gift caught by [the CDSA]”.

23 Section 10(1), 10(2) and 10(3) of the CDSA further provide for the amounts
to be recovered under a confiscation order made under s 4, as well as the
court’s certification of the amount that might be realised at the date of the
confiscation order:

Amount to be recovered under confiscation order

10.—(1) Subject to subsection (3), the amount to be recovered from the
defendant under the confiscation order shall be the amount the court assesses
to be the value of the benefits derived by the defendant from drug dealing or
from criminal conduct, as the case may be.

(2) If the court is satisfied as to any matter relevant for determining the
amount that might be realised at the time the confiscation order is made
(whether by an acceptance under section 9 or otherwise), the court may issue a
certificate giving its opinion as to the matters concerned and shall do so if
satisfied as mentioned in subsection (3).

(3) If the court is satisfied that the amount that might be realised at the
time the confiscation order is made is less than the amount the court assesses
to be the value of the benefits derived by the defendant from drug dealing or
from criminal conduct, as the case may be, the amount to be recovered from the
defendant under the confiscation order shall be the amount appearing to the
court to be the amount that might be so realised.

[emphasis added]

24 According to the PP, the Defendant’s known “realisable property” under s
2(1) of the CDSA amounted to $237,647.77. This comprised the three assets
identified at [13(b)(i)]–[13(b)(iii)] above, namely:

(a) $70,296.78 in cash that was seized from the Defendant at the time of his
arrest;

(b) $107,350.99 in various bank accounts belonging to the Defendant, including
the DBS/POSB Account and the OCBC Account; and

(c) the sum of $60,000 held in the Mother’s bank account.

The PP argued that the amount to be recovered from the Defendant under the
Confiscation Order should thus be the full amount of the benefits he had
derived from drug dealing, being $167,429.51.

25 Given that the property mentioned in [24(a)] and [24(b)] above was held by
the Defendant, they clearly fell within the first category of “realisable
property” under s 2(1) of the CDSA.

26 As regards the $60,000 in the Mother’s bank account, however, the position
is less straightforward. Since this sum was not held by the Defendant himself
at the time of the Hearing, the PP needed to establish that it fell within the
second category of “realisable property” in s 2(1) of the CDSA – ie,  “any
property held by a person to whom the defendant has, directly or indirectly,
made a gift caught by [the CDSA]”.

27 Section 12(7)(b) of the CDSA explains that “a gift...is caught by [the
CDSA]” if:

(a) “it was made by the defendant at any time”; and

(b) “[it] was a gift of property which is or is part of the benefits derived
by the defendant from drug dealing”.

28 At the Hearing, the PP argued that the $60,000 in the Mother’s bank account
had been gifted to her by the Defendant and that this was a gift “caught by
the CDSA” under s 12(7)(b). However, the PP had failed to establish that the
said sum was or was part of the “benefits derived by the [D]efendant from drug
dealing” as required by the statutory provision.

29 Based on the PP’s calculations, the Defendant had received $193,364.57 from
known sources of income during the relevant period and his total expenditure
was $92,814.86. This meant that the Defendant still had a remainder of
$100,549.71 in earnings. That being the case, it could not be assumed, without
more, that the $60,000 given to the Mother came from the Defendant’s drug
dealing activities.

30 More importantly, in the Mother’s statement to the police (dated 6 July
2010), she had said that she did not know where the Defendant had obtained the
sum of $60,000 from. In the Defendant’s statement (dated 12 July 2010), where
he admitted that the money came from him, he only mentioned that the sum had
been “derived from [his] illegal money lending business” (see [17] above). It
suffices to say that the available evidence did not sufficiently point to the
$60,000 having been benefits derived by the Defendant from his drug dealing
activities.

31 I noted that in its written submissions, the PP made an oblique reference
to the Court of Appeal’s decision in Criminal Appeal No 4 of 2015 (see Abdul
Kahar bin Othman v Public Prosecutor [2016] SGCA 11). This concerned the
Defendant’s appeal against his conviction and death sentence (see [3] above).
In that decision, the Court of Appeal observed (at [54]) that there was an
“uncanny coincidence between [the] period [between February 2010 and early
July 2010], when the [Defendant] was peddling drugs…and the inexplicable large
sums deposited into his mother’s bank account during that same period”. Whilst
I accepted that this point was relevant to the issue at hand, I did not think
that it was in itself sufficient to prove that the $60,000 had been obtained
through the Defendant’s drug dealing.

32 Relatedly, I also noticed that the PP did not attempt to rely on s 12(7)(a)
of the CDSA. That section provides, inter alia, that a gift is “caught by [the
CDSA]” if it was made by the defendant six years before proceedings for a drug
dealing offence were instituted against him. As such, I did not find it
necessary to reach a view on whether the $60,000 in the Mother’s bank account
fell within the scope of the said provision.

33 I was hence unpersuaded that the $60,000 in the Mother’s bank account was
“realisable property” as defined in s 2(1) of the CDSA. Nonetheless, this did
not ultimately affect the orders sought by the PP. Despite submitting that the
Defendant’s “realisable property” included the said sum, the PP confirmed at
the Hearing that it was nonetheless not seeking to realise any part of the
$60,000 in the Mother’s bank account to satisfy the Confiscation Order (see
[35] below). As stated earlier (at [24(a)]-[24(b)] and [25] above), the
Defendant still had “realisable property” comprising $70,296.78 in cash and
$107,350.99 in his bank accounts. These funds totalled $177,647.77, which was
in excess of the $167,429.51 I had assessed to be the value of the benefits
derived by the Defendant from drug dealing (ie, the restriction in s 10(3) of
the CDSA did not apply).

34 In the premises, I ordered under s 10(1) of the CDSA that the amount to be
recovered from the Defendant under the Confiscation Order was the full value
of the benefits of $167,429.51. The Defendant was also ordered to pay the sum
of $167,429.51 to the State.

35 I further held that the following realisable property be realised and the
proceeds of the realisation be applied on the Defendant's behalf towards the
satisfaction of the Confiscation Order (see [1(d)] above):

(a) The cash of $70,295.55 that was seized from the Defendant.

(b) Out of the cash held in various bank accounts belonging to the Defendant:

(i) the sum of $65,551.47 from the DBS/POSB Account; and

(ii) the sum of $31,582.49 from the OCBC Account.

36 Finally, being satisfied as to the matters mentioned in
[1(e)(i)]–[1(e)(iii)]above, I also issued the Certificate under s 10(2) of the
CDSA. I did not find it appropriate to make any order as to costs.

Vincent Hoong  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Adrian Loo and Chan Yi Cheng (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the plaintiff;

The defendant in person.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 02 Feb 2021 (08:48 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

