Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC 213

Registrar’s Appeal from the State Courts No 2 of 2021

Between

Raman Dhir

… Appellant

And

Management Corporation Strata Title Plan No 1374

… Respondent

grounds of decision

[Civil Procedure] — [Appeals]— [Leave]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Raman Dhir

  
v

  
Management Corporation Strata Title Plan No 1374

[2021] SGHC 213

General Division of the High Court — Registrar’s Appeal from the State Courts
No 2 of 2021  
Choo Han Teck J  
14 September 2021

16 September 2021

Choo Han Teck J:

1 This was an appeal against the District Judge’s refusal to grant the
appellant the declarations sought. In the hearings below, the appellant sought
a declaration from the DJ that no leave was required to file a notice of
appeal in the General Division of the High Court against the DJ’s decision in
MC/OSS 339 of 2019.

2 In MC/OSS 339 of 2019, the respondent, the Management Corporation of the
strata-titled development known as the Balmoral (“the MCST”), sought an order
that the appellant, a subsidiary proprietor of a unit in the Balmoral, pay for
contributions due from 1 October 2018 to 1 October 2019. The appellant did not
dispute that he owed the MCST the contributions, but claimed that he had a
cross-claim against the MCST for failing to maintain the common property; this
could be set off against the MCST’s claim.

3 In October 2020, the DJ granted the MCST the order sought, and held that the
appellant’s cross-claim did not call into question the existence of the debt
owed to the MCST. Hence, the cross-claim did not prevent the court from
granting the order sought by the MCST. The DJ, however, allowed the appellant
to convert his cross-claim to a writ action, so that he (the appellant) could
pursue his claim without going through the trouble of re-filing a fresh
originating process.

4 The appellant did not convert his claim into a writ action, but instead, on
11 November 2020, he filed a notice of appeal in the High Court with respect
to the DJ’s decision. The notice of appeal was rejected by the High Court for
want of leave to proceed. A month later, the appellant filed the application
in the State Courts for declarations that no leave is required for the appeal,
and for the State Courts to declare that the Notice of Appeal filed in the
High Court was good and valid. The DJ dismissed the appellant’s application,
holding that the subject-matter (the amount in dispute) was just the
appellant’s claim for the outstanding contributions and interest, which was in
the sum of around $42,000. Hence, leave is required to appeal against the DJ’s
decision in October 2020.

5 Section 21(1)(a) of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev
Ed) states that in any case, where the amount in dispute, or the value of the
subject matter at the hearing before the District Court or Magistrate’s Court
does not exceed $60,000, leave of the District Court or Magistrate’s Court or
the General Division of the High Court is require for an appeal from the
District and Magistrates’ Courts, save for specified cases in the Third
Schedule. The operative phrases “amount in dispute” and “the value of the
subject-matter” mean the original amount claimed in the lower court and do not
include interest or costs (Fong Khim Ling (administrator of the estate of Fong
Ching Pau Lloyd, deceased) v Tan Teck Ann [2014] 2 SLR 659 at [21]). They are
synonymous and alternative formulations to describe the quantification of the
claim before the court.

6 The appellant’s argument on appeal was that the counterclaim should be
recognised as a dispute or a subject matter at the hearings before the DJ. The
value of the appellant’s counterclaim was at large, and would exceed $60,000.
The appellant’s counsel referred to Ong Wah Chuan v Seow Hwa Chuan [2011] 3
SLR 1150 (“Ong Wah Chuan”), where the court found that leave would not be
necessary if the damages were truly at large.

7 The question here was what the claim before the DJ was. Bearing in mind that
the DJ has allowed the appellant to file his cross-claim as if begun by writ,
so long as he filed and served his claim by 20 November 2020, I agreed with
the DJ that the cross-claim was not before him at the lower court. The only
claim in question was the claim by the MCST for the unpaid contributions. The
appellant’s case below was not that he was not obliged to pay contributions if
the estate was not repaired. Rather, he alleged that the MCST failed to
maintain the common property, and such breaches entitled him to certain
reimbursement from the MCST. This did not mean that the contributions due to
the MCST was not owed. Though the cross-claim may well exceed the monetary
threshold of $60,000, that claim was not before the DJ, and the DJ was
therefore correct in finding that leave was required for the appellant to file
his appeal.

8 Since I had found that the cross-claim was not before the DJ, whether the
quantum of the cross-claim exceeded $60,000 was moot. But in any event, there
was no evidence before me that suggested that the appellant’s cross-claim
exceeded $60,000. In the case cited by the appellant’s counsel, Ong Wah Chuan,
the court qualified that leave is not required provided that the maximum
possible amount in damages when assessed is clearly not below $60,000. But
this is where the damages bore no specific value and were truly at large. If
not, parties and the court had to ascertain, as best as they could, the amount
in dispute (Ong Wah Chuan at [35]). In this case, the alleged damages were
property damages, as the appellant complained that the MCST failed to keep the
common property in a state of good and serviceable repair. It could not be
said that such damages bore no specific value. Yet, there was no evidence that
the damages clearly exceeded the monetary threshold.

9 I must emphasise the importance of civil procedure rules. If the rules are
not followed or are misunderstood, the litigant may be taking a wrong turn
into an alley so dark he might not even see that it was a dead end. Under O
55D r 4(2) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed) (“the Rules of
Court”), the appellant could have sought leave from the DJ within seven days
from the date of the order, before filing the notice of appeal. If that was
rejected, he could apply to the General Division for leave by an originating
summons, as was done in the case of Ong Wah Chuan. Or he could have sought
leave from the High Court when the notice of appeal was filed, and appeal was
being heard. Instead, the appellant filed the Notice of Appeal in the High
Court (that was rejected for want of leave), and subsequently a declaration
from the State Courts that the Notice of Appeal filed in the High Court was
correct, and then an appeal following from the DJ’s dismissal of the
application.

10 Mr Kuoh Hao Teng, counsel for the appellant, submitted that it was the DJ
who was responsible for rejecting the Notice of Appeal, hence the appellant
appealed against that decision to this court. The appellant’s Notice of Appeal
was filed in the High Court. The DJ had no authority to reject the Notice of
Appeal, which, on record, was rejected by the High Court and the DJ’s minutes
cannot change this fact.

11 If the appellant had wanted a declaration that the rejection was wrong, he
had to file an application in the High Court for that declaration. Otherwise,
he could simply have applied for an extension of time before the DJ to apply
for leave to appeal. His application to the DJ for a declaration was therefore
a wrong animal to carry the burden.

12 I dismissed the appeal without prejudice to the appellant’s right to pursue
the cross-claim provided he takes the right route. I awarded costs to the
respondent fixed at $5,000 plus disbursements, taking into account the prior
application by the appellant to adduce further evidence on appeal.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge of the High Court

Tan Beng Hui Carolyn, Kuoh Hao Teng and Leong De Shun Kevin (Tan & Au LLP) for
the appellant;  
Lim Tat and Kang Hui Lin Jasmin (Aequitas Law LLP) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 16 Sep 2021 (12:48 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

