Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC 125

Registrar’s Appeal No 24 of 2019 (District Court Originating Summons No 170 of
2018)

In the matter of Section 32 of the Personal Data Protection Act 2012 (Act 26
of 2012)

Between

Alex Bellingham

… Appellant

And

Michael Reed

… Respondent

grounds of decision

[Data Protection] — [Personal Data Protection Act] — [Right of private action]
— [Loss or damage]

[Statutory Interpretation] — [Construction of statute] — [Interpretation Act]
— [Purposive approach]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Bellingham, Alex

  
v

  

Reed, Michael

[2021] SGHC 125

General Division of the High Court — Registrar’s Appeal No 24 of 2019
(District Court Originating Summons No 170 of 2018)  
Chua Lee Ming J  
11 September, 12 October 2020

25 May 2021

Chua Lee Ming J:

Introduction

1 The Personal Data Protection Act 2012 (Act 26 of 2012) (“PDPA”) governs the
collection, use and disclosure of personal data by organisations. The
regulatory authority, the Personal Data Protection Commission (the
“Commission”), is empowered to, among other things, administer and enforce the
PDPA. In addition, s 32 PDPA creates a right of private action. It gives any
person who suffers “loss or damage”, as a result of contraventions of certain
provisions in the PDPA, a right of action for relief in civil proceedings in a
court.

2 The references to the PDPA in these grounds of decision are to the PDPA as
it stood in 2018 when the acts complained about took place. Amendments have
been made to the PDPA since then.

3 This was an appeal against the District Judge’s decision granting an
injunction against the appellant, Mr Alex Bellingham (“Bellingham”), in civil
proceedings commenced by IP Investment Management Pte Ltd (“IPIM”) and IP Real
Estate Investments Pte Ltd (“IP Real Estate”) under s 32(1) PDPA. The
respondent, Mr Michael Reed (“Reed”), was subsequently added as a plaintiff in
those proceedings. As the scope of s 32(1) PDPA was being decided for the
first time, Mr Liu Zhao Xiang Daniel (“Mr Liu”) was appointed as young amicus
curiae to assist the Court in this appeal.

4 I concluded that Reed did not have a right of private action under s 32(1)
PDPA because he had not suffered any loss or damage within the meaning of that
provision. Accordingly, I allowed the appeal and set aside the order made by
the District Judge.

5 As the issue was decided for the first time, I subsequently granted Reed
leave to appeal against my decision. Reed filed his appeal pursuant to the
leave granted.

Facts

6 IPIM is a fund management business that creates real estate private equity
funds. It is a part of the IP Investment Management group of companies (“IPIM
Group”). IP Investment Management (HK) Ltd (“IPIM HK”) is another company in
the IPIM Group.

7 IP Real Estate is a company within the IP Global group of companies (“IP
Global Group”), an international group of companies which engages in property
investment and advisory services and is headquartered in Hong Kong. The IPIM
Group is related to the IP Global Group.

8 Bellingham was employed by IP Real Estate on 1 June 2010 as a marketing
consultant. He subsequently rose to the position of Director. On 1 March 2016,
IP Real Estate seconded Bellingham to IPIM HK. Among other things,
Bellingham’s role involved taking charge of and managing an investment fund
known as the “Edinburgh Fund”.

9 The Edinburgh Fund was an investment fund that was set up in 2015 by IPIM
and IPIM HK to acquire, develop and manage a student property. The Edinburgh
Fund was an Accredited Investors only, single asset, close-ended fund.

10 All the investors in the Edinburgh Fund were customers of IPIM and IP Real
Estate (the “Customers”). The Customers disclosed their personal data in
confidence to IPIM and/or IPIM HK, which managed their investments. The
Edinburgh Fund was scheduled to be terminated in the second half of 2018, with
the Customers exiting from the fund in that period.

11 On 31 January 2017, Bellingham left his employment with IP Real Estate;
consequently, his secondment with IPIM HK also ended. Bellingham joined a
competitor of IPIM known as Q Investment Partners Pte Ltd (“QIP”) as its “Head
of Fund Raising”.

12 Bellingham contacted some of the Customers, including Reed. On 15 August
2018, Bellingham sent the following email to Reed at his personal email
address: 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Chia Min Chong’s 1st affidavit filed in DC/OSS 170/2018 (“Chia’s 1st
Affidavit”), at p 77.

…

I am unsure what background you know re QIP but it was business set up by
Peter Young, formerly CEO of IP Investment Management.

I hope you don’t mind me touching base regarding your upcoming Edinburgh exit.
We have put specific GBP opportunities in place to cater to this. This
includes both debt and equity, short and medium term, income producing as well
as equity with distributions so we can help you in whatever capacity required.
In addition, we have put specific incentives in place.

I can run through this with you if that suits?

13 On 21 August 2018, Reed sent the following email to Mr Mark Ferguson
(“Ferguson”), IPIM’s Director, Investor Relations & Business Development,
querying the fact that QIP had information about his investment in the
Edinburgh Fund: 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Chia’s 1st Affidavit, at p 76.

I received this note from Q-Investment. They are aware of my exiting the
Edinburgh investment. I don’t understand how they would be aware of my
involvement and / or investment.

Has Peter Young taken the client list of IP when setting up Q?

I would value your insights.

14 On 28 August 2018, Reed replied to Bellingham, asking for clarifications as
to Bellingham’s knowledge of his dealings with IP Global and, in particular,
the Edinburgh Fund: 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Chia’s 1st Affidavit, at pp 90–91.

…

… I would welcome your clarification of two issues:-

• … I am curious how you know of my dealings with IP Global, and equally
relevantly, how you are aware of the timing of the maturity of one of my
holdings with IP Global?

• … I am equally curious how you have my personal email address and have been
able to cross-reference this address to my specific involvement with IP
Global, namely the Edinburgh project.

…

In view of my comments and concerns on the security of my personal
information, I would welcome your guidance and insights as to how you have
accessed my data and how you will protect it, now that you have it, …

…

15 On 21 August 2018, IPIM’s solicitors, M/s Allen & Gledhill LLP (“A&G”) sent
Bellingham a letter alleging that he had breached his obligations not to
misuse confidential and/or personal data. The letter also demanded that
Bellingham (a) return all copies of confidential and/or personal data of their
Customers, and (b) confirm and undertake that he and/or QIP will not make any
further unauthorised use of such information. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Chia’s 1st Affidavit, at pp 94–95.

16 On 3 September 2018, Bellingham replied to A&G and among other things,
sought details of his alleged breaches. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Chia’s 1st Affidavit, at p 97.

On the same day, A&G wrote to Bellingham, repeating the demands made in its
letter dated 21 August 2018. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Chia’s 1st Affidavit, at pp 99–100.

17 Bellingham replied to A&G on 12 September 2018, stating as follows: 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Chia’s 1st Affidavit, at p 102.

…

… I carried out sales responsibilities as well as being the Responsible
Officer (“RO”) of the IPIM (the investment management arm of IP Global)
business. IPIM is the relevant entity that originated the Edinburgh Fund. As a
RO, my responsibility include [sic] to supervise and oversee the IPIM business
ensuring all investors have been subject to appropriate Know Your Customers
Check and onboarded properly from a regulatory standpoint.

Any contact made with individuals was on the basis of publicly available
information including social media platform. I am not aware of the breach of
confidentiality or misuse of data that your client is referring to. Going
forward, I have no interest in speaking to individuals clearly that have no
interest in working with me. I trust this matter is resolved.

18 On the same day, Bellingham responded to Reed’s 28 August 2018 email,
stating as follows: 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Chia’s 1st Affidavit, at pp 132–133.

…

Your personal details including your personal email and a full CV is available
on LinkedIn.

Of course, I now understand that there is no interest on your part and you
will not be contacted further for any specific matters.

Reed forwarded Bellingham’s email to Ferguson and Mr Jonathan Gordon, another
employee of IPIM and IP Real Estate. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Chia’s 1st Affidavit, at p 132.

In his email, Reed pointed out that Bellingham had failed to address the fact
that he had misused “privileged information”, and sought their comments so
that he could decide whether to reply to Bellingham or “take [his] concerns
further”.

19 On 1 October 2018, IPIM and IP Real Estate filed District Court Originating
Summons No 170 of 2018 (“OSS 170”) in the District Court against Bellingham
pursuant to s 32(3) PDPA, seeking (a) an injunction restraining Bellingham
from using, disclosing or communicating to any person or persons any “Personal
Data” of Reed and two other of their Customers, (b) an order for delivery up
of all copies of their Customers’ Personal Data obtained by Bellingham. For
the purposes of OSS 170, “Personal Data” meant the names of the Customers who
invested in the Edinburgh Fund, their personal contact details and details of
their personal investments (including in the Edinburgh Fund). 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Chia’s 1st Affidavit, at para 12.

20 During the hearing of OSS 170 in the District Court, the issue arose as to
whether IPIM and IP Real Estate had the necessary standing to bring an action
under s 32 PDPA. On 20 March 2019, IPIM and IP Real Estate applied to join
Reed as a plaintiff. Pursuant to an order of court dated 23 May 2019, Reed was
joined as a plaintiff in OSS 170.

21 On 3 October 2019, the District Judge (“DJ”) granted Reed’s application.
The applications by IPIM and IP Real Estate were disallowed on the ground that
s 32 PDPA does not give a right of action to parties other than the person to
whom the personal data that has been misused, relates (the “data subject”);
IPIM and IP Real Estate therefore have no standing to commence the proceedings
in OSS 170 under s 32 PDPA: IP Investment Management Pte Ltd & others v Alex
Bellingham [2019] SGDC 207 (the “GD”) at [110]–[111].

22 The present appeal before me was Bellingham’s appeal against the orders
made against him in favour of Reed. Bellingham had obtained leave to appeal
pursuant to s 21(1)(a) of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007
Rev Ed) read with O 55C r 2 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed).
IPIM and IP Real Estate did not seek leave to appeal against the DJ’s decision
rejecting their applications.

23 I allowed Bellingham’s appeal on the ground that Reed had not suffered any
loss or damage within the meaning of s 32(1) PDPA and therefore had no right
of action pursuant thereto.

Reed’s case

24 Section 32 PDPA provides as follows:

Right of private action

32.––(1) Any person who suffers loss or damage directly as a result of a
contravention of any provision in Part IV, V or VI by an organisation shall
have a right of action for relief in civil proceedings in a court.

(2) If the Commission has made a decision under this Act in respect of a
contravention specified in subsection (1), no action accruing under subsection
(1) maybe brought in respect of that contravention until after the decision
has become final as a result of there being no further right of appeal.

(3) The court may grant to the plaintiff in an action under subsection (1) all
or any of the following:

(a) relief by way of injunction or declaration;

(b) damages;

(c) such other relief as the court thinks fit.

25 Part IV of the PDPA deals with the general requirement for consent to the
collection, use and disclosure of personal data. Part V deals with the
individual’s right to access and correct his personal data that is in the
possession or under the control of an organisation. Part VI deals with
organisations’ obligations as to the accuracy of personal data, the protection
of personal data, the retention of personal data and the transfer of personal
data outside of Singapore.

26 Therefore, a plaintiff bringing an action pursuant to s 32(1) PDPA has to
show (a) contravention of one or more provisions in Parts IV, V or VI, and (b)
that he suffered loss or damage directly as a result of such contravention.

27 Reed’s case was that Bellingham had contravened ss 13 and 18 PDPA (which
fall under Part IV PDPA) and that he had suffered loss and damage directly as
a result thereof. Bellingham disputed Reed’s case.

28 The issues before me were:

(a) whether Bellingham contravened ss 13 and 18 PDPA;

(b) what was the scope of “loss or damage” under s 32(1) PDPA; and

(c) whether Reed suffered “loss or damage” within the meaning of s 32(1) PDPA.

Whether Bellingham contravened ss 13 and 18 PDPA

29 Section 13 PDPA provides as follows:

Consent required

13. An organisation shall not, on or after the appointed day, collect, use or disclose personal data about an individual unless ––

(a) the individual gives, or is deemed to have given, his consent under this
Act to the collection, use or disclosure, as the case may be; or

(b) the collection, use or disclosure, as the case may be, without the consent
of the individual is required or authorised under this Act or any other
written law.

30 Section 18 PDPA provides as follows:

Limitation of purpose and extent

18. An organisation may collect, use or disclose personal data about an individual only for purposes ––

(a) that a reasonable person would consider appropriate in the circumstances;
and

(b) that the individual has been informed of under section 20, if applicable.

Section 20 PDPA was not applicable in the present case.

31 Under s 2 PDPA,

“organisation” includes any individual, company, association or body of
persons, corporate or unincorporated, whether or not –

(a) formed or recognised under the law of Singapore; or

(b) resident, or having an office or a place of business, in Singapore …

Sections 13 and 18 thus applied to Bellingham as an individual.

32 Reed’s case was that Bellingham had contravened ss 13 and 18 PDPA in
connection with the following personal data – Reed’s name, email address and
investment holding in the Edinburgh Fund.

33 Under s 2 PDPA,

“personal data” means data, whether true or not, about an individual who can
be identified ––

(a) from that data; or

(b) from that data and other information to which the organisation has or is
likely to have access …

34 It was clear that Reed’s name and email address constituted personal data
under the PDPA. Before me, Bellingham conceded that he obtained Reed’s name in
the course of his work with IPIM and/or IP Real Estate and that he was not
entitled to use or disclose this data without Reed’s consent.

35 As for Reed’s email address, Bellingham explained that he obtained the same
from Reed’s LinkedIn account, which was a public source. It was not disputed
that at the relevant time, Reed’s LinkedIn account did show his email address.
In the absence of evidence to the contrary, I accepted Bellingham’s
explanation.

36 The collection, use or disclosure of personal data about an individual that
is publicly available does not require the consent of the individual: s 17
read with the Second Schedule para 1(c), the Third Schedule para 1(c) and the
Fourth Schedule para 1(d) of the PDPA.

37 However, Bellingham conceded that he would not have been able to find
Reed’s email address without the use of Reed’s name. In my view, where
personal data that is publicly available is obtained only through the unlawful
use of other personal data, s 17(1) PDPA cannot apply and the personal data so
obtained cannot be collected, used or disclosed without consent. In the
present case, therefore, Bellingham was not entitled to collect, use or
disclose Reed’s email address without his consent.

38 As for the fact that Reed had invested in the Edinburgh Fund, this
information constituted personal data since it identified Reed. Bellingham
claimed that the information was obtained through guesswork. I rejected
Bellingham’s claim. I agreed with Reed that it was clear from Bellingham’s
email dated 15 August 2018 (see [12] above) that Bellingham knew of Reed’s
investment in the Edinburgh Fund; it was not just guesswork. Hence, Bellingham
could not use or disclose the information without Reed’s consent.

39 In conclusion, Bellingham had contravened s 13 PDPA by:

(a) using Reed’s name to obtain his email address without his consent;

(b) obtaining Reed’s email address without his consent;

(c) using Reed’s name and email address to contact him without his consent;
and

(d) using the fact that Reed was an investor in the Edinburgh Fund, without
his consent, to market QIP’s services to Reed.

The use of Reed’s personal data for the above purposes exceeded what a
reasonable person would have considered appropriate in the circumstances and
thus also contravened s 18 PDPA.

What is the scope of “loss or damage” under s 32(1) PDPA

40 The PDPA does not define “loss or damage”. It is not clear from the GD what
the DJ’s interpretation of the term “loss or damage” was. Reed submitted that
“loss or damage” under s 32(1) PDPA includes distress and loss of control over
personal data. Bellingham contended that it does not. The scope of “loss or
damage” is unclear.

41 Section 9A of the Interpretation Act (Cap 1, 2002 Rev Ed) mandates the
purposive approach in the interpretation of a provision of a written law – an
interpretation that would promote the purpose or object underlying the written
law shall be preferred to an interpretation that would not promote that
purpose or object.

42 The purposive interpretation of a legislative provision involves three
steps. The court must start by ascertaining the possible interpretations of
the provision, having regard to the text of the provision as well as the
context of the provision within the written law as a whole. The court must
then ascertain the legislative purpose or object of the specific provision and
the part of the statute in which the provision is situated. The court then
compares the possible interpretations of the provision against the purpose of
the relevant part of the statute. The interpretation which furthers the
purpose of the written text is to be preferred to one which does not. See Tan
Cheng Bock v Attorney-General [2017] 2 SLR 850 (“Tan Cheng Bock”) at [54(b)
and (c)].

Possible interpretations of “loss or damage”

43 The court ascertains the possible interpretations of the provision by
determining the ordinary meaning of the words; this can be aided by rules and
canons of construction: Tan Cheng Bock at [38]. Section 32(1) PDPA is the only
provision in the PDPA that refers to “loss or damage”. The question was
whether the term “loss or damage” should be interpreted narrowly to refer to
the heads of loss or damage under common law (pecuniary loss, damage to
property, personal injury including psychiatric illness) or widely to include
distress and loss of control over personal data.

44 The text of s 32(1) PDPA and the context of the provision within the PDPA
did not assist in ascertaining whether the term “loss or damage” should
include or exclude distress. However, in my view, read in context, the term
“loss or damage” excludes loss of control over personal data.

45 Section 32 PDPA is found under Part VII of the PDPA which deals with the
enforcement of Parts III to VI of the PDPA. Part VII of the PDPA also provides
for enforcement by the Commission. Under s 29 PDPA, the Commission may give
all or any of the following directions to ensure compliance with Parts III to
VI of the PDPA:

(a) to stop collecting, using or disclosing personal data in contravention of
the Act;

(b) to destroy all personal data collected in contravention of the Act;

(c) to comply with any direction of the Commissioner under s 28(2) (which
deals with access to personal data); and

(d) to pay a financial penalty of such amount not exceeding $1m as the
Commission thinks fit.

46 The Commission’s power to give the above directions arises in every case of
a contravention of any provision in Parts III to VI of the PDPA; there is no
requirement that the data subject must have suffered any loss or damage. In
contrast, s 32(1) PDPA requires “loss of damage” in addition to a
contravention of any provision in Parts IV to VI of the PDPA. Clearly, looked
at in context, the intent of s 32(1) PDPA is not to give the right of action
in every case whenever there is a contravention of any provision in Parts IV
to VI of the PDPA without more. Doing so would render the term “loss or
damage” otiose.

47 In every case where there has been a contravention of any provision in
Parts IV to VI, there would inevitably be loss of control over personal data.
In my view, therefore, s 32(1) PDPA cannot have been intended to apply where
the alleged loss or damage is simply a loss of control over personal data.

Ascertaining the legislative purpose

48 As “loss or damage” could be interpreted to either include or exclude
distress, the next step was to ascertain the legislative purpose of s 32(1)
PDPA. The purpose should ordinarily be gleaned from the text itself, before
evaluating whether consideration of extraneous material is necessary: Tan
Cheng Bock at [54(c)(ii)].

49 Section 32(1) PDPA is described as a right of private action but I agreed
with Mr Liu that it creates a statutory tort. This, too, is the view expressed
in Data Protection Law in Singapore (Simon Chesterman ed) (Academy Publishing,
2nd Ed, 2018) at para 4.78. As explained in Gary Chan Kok Yew & Lee Pey Woan,
The Law of Torts in Singapore (Academy Publishing, 2nd Ed, 2016), an action
for breach of statutory duty is also viewed as a tortious action (at paras
09.001–09.004). It can therefore be said that the specific purpose of s 32(1)
is to create a statutory tort and to allow a right of action on that basis.

50 Moving on to considerations of extraneous material, the Court of Appeal in
held in Tan Cheng Bock that such considerations may only be had in three
situations (at [54(c)(iii)]):

(a) If the ordinary meaning of the provision is clear, extraneous material can
only be used to confirm the ordinary meaning but not to alter it.

(b) If the provision is ambiguous or obscure on its face, extraneous material
can be used to ascertain the meaning of the provision.

(c) If the ordinary meaning of the provision leads to a result that is
manifestly absurd or unreasonable, extraneous material can be used to
ascertain the meaning of the provision.

51 The parties and Mr Liu referred me to statements made in Parliament. On 13
August 2012, the Minister for Information, Communication and the Arts (“MICA”)
explained in Parliament that the “development of a data protection law for
Singapore was motivated by two key considerations – enhanced protection of
consumers’ personal data against misuse, and the potential economic benefits
for Singapore”. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report (13 August 2012) Written
Answers to Questions (Assoc Prof Dr Yaacob bin Ibrahim, Minister for
Information, Communication and the Arts).

52 On 10 September 2012, the Personal Data Protection Bill (“PDPB”) was
introduced in Parliament. At the Second Reading of the PDPB on 15 October
2012, the Minister explained the rationale for the PDPB as follows: 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report (15 October 2012) vol 89, p
828 (Assoc Prof Dr Yaacob bin Ibrahim, Minister for Information, Communication
and the Arts); Young Amicus Curiae’s Bundle of Authorities, Vol VI, Tab 42,
p1231.

…

The personal data protection law will safeguard individuals’ personal data
against misuse by regulating the proper management of personal data.
Individuals will be informed of the purposes for which organisations are
collecting, using or disclosing their personal data, giving individuals more
control over how their personal data is used. A data protection law will also
enhance Singapore’s competitiveness and strengthen our position as a trusted
business hub. It will put Singapore on par with the growing list of countries
that have enacted data protection laws and facilitate cross-border transfers
of data.

…

53 The Minister also explained that MICA “studied the data protection
frameworks in key jurisdictions, including Canada, New Zealand, Hong Kong and
the European Union, to develop the most suitable [data protection] model for
Singapore” and to ensure that “Singapore’s data protection regime is relevant
and in line with international standards for data protection”. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report (15 October 2012) vol 89, p
828 (Assoc Prof Dr Yaacob bin Ibrahim, Minister for Information, Communication
and the Arts); Young Amicus Curiae’s Bundle of Authorities, Vol VI, Tab 42,
p1231.

The PDPB was passed on 15 October 2012.

54 In so far as s 32(1) PDPA was concerned, nothing was said in Parliament as
to the scope of the loss or damage that was envisaged for purposes of s 32(1).
A specific question as to the kind of loss or damage envisaged under s 32(1)
was raised during the Second Reading of the PDPB 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report (15 October 2012) vol 89, p
878 (Mr Lim Biow Chuan, Member of Parliament (Mountbatten)); Young Amicus
Curiae’s Bundle of Authorities, Vol VI, Tab 42, p1258.

but no specific response was provided.

55 Clearly, the Minister’s statements in Parliament did not evince an
intention that the PDPA should follow the positions adopted in the
jurisdictions that were studied in every respect. Whilst the PDPA was intended
to be in line with international standards for data protection, it was
nevertheless developed to suit Singapore.

56 In fact, as will be discussed in detail below, there were express
references to some form of emotional harm (humiliation, loss of dignity,
injury to feelings and distress) in the relevant legislative provisions in
Canada, New Zealand, Hong Kong and the United Kingdom (“UK”). Cases in the UK
had also interpreted the relevant provision in the European Union (“EU”) to
include compensation for distress, and the relevant provision in UK to include
compensation for distress and loss of control over personal data. Yet,
Parliament decided to refer only to “loss or damage” in s 32(1) PDPA without
any reference to any form of emotional harm or loss of control over personal
data. In my view, Parliament’s intention was to exclude emotional harm and
loss of control over personal data from s 32(1) PDPA.

57 There is good reason for not adopting the positions in Canada, New Zealand,
Hong Kong, the EU and the UK, As Mr Liu pointed out, the positions in Canada,
New Zealand, Hong Kong, the EU and the UK have been driven primarily by the
need to recognise the right to privacy. The position in Singapore is
different.

58 Canada is a party to the International Covenant on Civil and Political
Rights (189 UNTS 137) (“ICCPR”). Article 17(1) ICCPR provides that “[n]o one
shall be subjected to arbitrary or unlawful interference with his privacy,
family, home or correspondence, not to unlawful attacks on his honour and
reputation”. Article 2(1) ICCPR requires each State Party to “ensure to all
individuals … subject to its jurisdiction the rights recognized” in the ICCPR.
Article 2(3)(a) requires each State Party to the ICCR to ensure “an effective
remedy” for persons whose rights under the ICCPR have been violated.

59 In Canada, the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents
Act, SC 2000, c 5 (Can) (“PIPEDA (Can)”) lays down standards for how
organisations collect, use and disclose personal information in the course of
commercial activity. The PIPEPDA (Can) also provides a civil claims framework
(ss 14–16) in respect of contraventions of relevant provisions under it. The
Canadian court may, pursuant to s 16(c) PIPEDA (Can), “award damages to the
complainant, including damages for any humiliation that the complainant has
suffered”. One of the factors considered in awarding such damages is the
vindication of privacy rights: Rabi Chitrakar v Bell TV, 2013 FC 1103 at [26];
Nammo v TransUnion of Canada Inc [2012] 3 FCR 600 at [72].

60 New Zealand is also party to the ICCPR. The Human Rights Review Tribunal
(the “HRR Tribunal”) was established under the Human Rights Act 1993 (NZ) to
promote the protection of human rights in New Zealand in accordance with,
among other things, the ICCPR.

61 In New Zealand, under s 66(1) of the Privacy Act 1993 (NZ) (“PA (NZ)”), an
action is an interference with the privacy of an individual only if, among
other things, the action:

(a) has caused, or may cause, loss, detriment, damage, or injury to that
individual;

(b) has adversely affected, or may adversely affect the rights, benefits,
privileges, obligations, or interests of that individual; or

(c) has resulted in, or may result in, significant humiliation, significant
loss of dignity, or significant injury to the feelings of that individual.

62 Under s 83 of the PA (NZ), an aggrieved individual may bring proceedings
before the HRR Tribunal for an interference with his privacy. Under s 88(1),
the HRR Tribunal may award damages in respect of pecuniary loss and expenses
reasonably incurred, loss of any benefit, and “humiliation, loss of dignity,
and injury to the feelings of the aggrieved individual”. It can be seen that
the remedies available under s 88(1) reflect the elements of an interference
with privacy under s 66(1).

63 In Karen May Hammond v Credit Union Baywide [2015] NZHRRT 6, the HRR
Tribunal noted (at [170.8]) that the “award of damages must be an appropriate
response to adequately compensate the aggrieved individual for the
humiliation, loss of dignity or injury to feelings he or she has suffered” and
referred to Art 2(3) of the ICCPR, “which makes specific reference to a duty
to provide ‘an effective remedy’ to persons whose rights (under the Covenant)
have been violated”.

64 Hong Kong enacted the Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance (Cap 486) (HK)
(“PDPO (HK)”) to implement the protection of the right to privacy guaranteed
under Art 17(1) ICCPR: Report of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region
of the People’s Republic of China in the light of the International Covenant
on Civil and Political Rights, at paras 305–309.

65 In Hong Kong, the PDPO (HK) provides for statutory control of the
collection, holding and use of personal data in both the public and private
sectors. Section 66 of the PDPO (HK) provides for compensation to an
individual who suffers damage by reason of a contravention of a requirement
under the PDPO (HK) and expressly provides that such damage “may be or include
injury to feelings”.

66 As for the EU, at the time when the PDPA was passed in 2012, the applicable
data protection law in the EU was Directive 95/46/EC of the European
Parliament and of the Council of 24 October 1995 on the protection of
individuals with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free
movement of such data (“Directive 95”). Article 1 of Directive 95 sets out the
object of the directive and provided that “Member States shall protect the
fundamental rights and freedoms of natural persons, and in particular their
right to privacy with respect to the processing of personal data”.

67 Article 23 of Directive 95 further required Member States to provide that
“any person who has suffered damage as a result of an unlawful processing
operation or of any act incompatible with the national provisions adopted
pursuant to this Directive is entitled to receive compensation from the
controller for the damage suffered”.

68 As the UK was a member of the EU then, it passed the Data Protection Act
1998 (c 29) (UK) (“DPA (UK)”) in compliance with its obligations under
Directive 95. Section 13 DPA (UK) provides as follows:

13 Compensation for failure to comply with certain requirements

(1) An individual who suffers damage by reason of any contravention by a data
controller of any of the requirements of this Act is entitled to compensation
from the data controller for that damage.

(2) An individual who suffers distress by reason of any contravention by a
data controller of any of the requirements of this Act is entitled to
compensation from the data controller for that distress if ––

(a) the individual also suffers damage by reason of the contravention, or

(b) the contravention relates to the processing of personal data for the
special purposes.

…

Section 3 DPA (UK) defines “special purposes” in s 13(2)(b) to refer to
purposes of journalism, the arts or literature.

69 In Vidal-Hall and others v Google Inc (Information Commissioner
intervening) [2016] QB 1003 (“Vidal-Hall”), the English Court of Appeal held
that damages could be awarded under s 13 DPA (UK) for distress even though the
claimants had not suffered any pecuniary loss and the contravention of the DPA
(UK) was not related to special purposes. In coming to this conclusion, the
Court of Appeal reasoned that:

(a) since what Directive 95 purported to protect was privacy rather than
economic rights, it would be strange if Directive 95 could not compensate
those individuals whose data privacy had been invaded so as to cause them
emotional distress (but not pecuniary damage) (at [77]);

(b) Article 23 of Directive 95 did not distinguish between pecuniary and non-
pecuniary damage; a restrictive interpretation would substantially undermine
the objective of Directive 95, which was to protect the right to privacy of
individuals with respect to the processing of their personal data (at [79]);

(c) section 13(2) (which required damage in addition to distress) had not
effectively transposed Article 23 into the PDA (UK) (at [84]) and could not be
interpreted compatibly with Article 23 of Directive 95 (at [94]); and

(d) what was required in order to make s 13(2) compatible with EU law was the
disapplication of s 13(2), leaving compensation to be recoverable under s
13(1) for any damage suffered (at [105]).

70 In Lloyd v Google llc [2020] 2 WLR 484 (“Lloyd”), the English Court of
Appeal went further than Vidal-Hall and held that damages could be awarded for
loss of control over data under s 13 DPA (UK) without proof of pecuniary loss
or distress. The Court of Appeal emphasised (at [44]) that the question as to
the kind of damage that could be compensated under Art 23 of Directive 95 and
s 13 DPA (UK) was an EU law question. An appeal against the Court of Appeal’s
decision is currently awaiting the judgment of the Supreme Court of UK.

71 It can be seen from the above that, as Mr Liu submitted, the positions
taken in Canada, New Zealand, Hong Kong, the EU and the UK are primarily due
to the recognition of the right to privacy under the ICCPR or Directive 95 and
the need to comply with the ICCPR or Directive 95.

72 I agreed with Mr Liu that the PDPA was not driven by a recognition of the
need to protect an absolute or fundamental right to privacy. Although specific
statutes deal with certain aspects of privacy, there is no discrete right to
privacy that is protected under the Constitution of the Republic of Singapore
(1985 Rev Ed, 1999 Reprint) (the “Constitution”). The protection against
deprivation of “life or personal liberty” save in accordance with law under
Art 9(1) of the Constitution does not extend to the right to privacy: Lim Meng
Suang and another v Attorney-General and another appeal and another matter
[2015] 1 SLR 26 at [44]–[49]. Singapore is not bound by the ICCPR or Directive
95.

73 The purpose of the PDPA was as much to enhance Singapore’s competitiveness
and to strengthen Singapore’s position as a trusted business hub as it was to
safeguard individuals’ personal data against misuse (see [52] above).

74 Further, s 3 PDPA describes the purpose of the PDPA as follows:

Purpose

3. The purpose of this Act is to govern the collection, use and disclosure of personal data by organisations in a manner that recognises both the right of individuals to protect their personal data and the need of organisations to collect, use or disclose personal data for purposes that a reasonable person would consider appropriate in the circumstances.

75 Section 3 PDPA shows that the PDPA takes a balanced approach and that it
was not driven by any recognition of the right to privacy as a fundamental
right.

Comparing the possible interpretations against the legislative purpose

76 The interpretation which furthers the purpose of the written text should be
preferred to the interpretation which does not. As stated in [49] above, s
32(1) created a statutory tort. It seemed to me that interpreting the term
“loss or damage” in s 32(1) PDPA narrowly to refer to the heads of loss or
damage applicable to torts under common law (eg, pecuniary loss, damage to
property, personal injury including psychiatric illness) would further the
specific purpose of s 32(1) PDPA as a statutory tort. There was nothing in the
PDPA that indicated otherwise.

77 That Parliament’s intention was for common law principles to apply in
determining the scope of “loss or damage” under s 32(1) PDPA, is supported by
Parliament’s expressed intention in respect of the Protection from Harassment
Act (Cap 256A, 2015 Rev Ed) (“POHA”). Section 11 POHA provides that the victim
of harassment may bring civil proceedings in a court against the respondent
and the court may award “such damages … as the court may, having regard to all
the circumstances of the case, think just and equitable”. In answer to
questions raised in Parliament as to whether damages for emotional distress
will be available under the civil remedies provision, the Minister for Law
said that the issue of damages would be left to the courts to decide by
applying common law principles. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report (13 March 2014) vol 91 (Mr K
Shanmugam, Minister for Foreign Affairs and Minister for Law); Young Amicus
Curiae’s Bundle of Authorities, Vol VI, Tab 43, p1319. .

It seemed to me that it would be strange that Parliament would have had a
different intention with respect to the PDPA when it had decided not to make
any express reference to distress or loss of control over personal data in s
32(1) PDPA.

78 In addition, the narrow interpretation of “loss or damage” would also
further the intention ascertained from a consideration of the extraneous
material, ie, that Parliament’s intention was to exclude emotional harm and
loss of control over personal data from s 32(1) PDPA (see [56] above).

79 Finally, the intention ascertained from a consideration of the extraneous
material also confirmed the interpretation that “loss or damage” in s 32(1)
PDPA excludes loss of control over personal data.

80 Reed submitted that since MICA had studied the data protection frameworks
in Canada, New Zealand, Hong Kong and the EU (of which the UK was then a
member), to develop the most suitable model for Singapore, the authorities
from these jurisdictions were relevant in the interpretation of “loss or
damage” in s 32(1) PDPA. I disagreed with Reed for the reasons set out earlier
in [56]–[75].

81 Reed also relied specifically on Lloyd for his submission that loss of
control over personal data is sufficient to constitute damage for purposes of
s 32(1) PDPA. As discussed earlier, Lloyd involved s 13 DPA (UK). The English
Court of Appeal gave a more liberal interpretation to “damage” under the DPA
(UK) because of the explicit recognition of the right to privacy in Directive
95, having noted (at [44]) that it was “answering an EU law question”. Lloyd
has to be understood in this context. The position in Singapore is different;
there is no general right to privacy under Singapore law as explained above.

82 In addition, I was of the view that Lloyd should not be followed in
Singapore in any event. The High Court in Lloyd found that the pleaded case
(ie, that loss of control over personal data constituted compensatable damage)
was circular because it asserted that the commission of the tort had caused
compensatable damage, consisting of the commission of the tort (Lloyd at
[29]). The Court of Appeal disagreed that it was circular (at [45]) but, in my
respectful view, did not explain why it was not circular. I found the High
Court’s decision in this respect to be more persuasive. The High Court had
also noted that there was no European authority that the pleaded types of loss
constituted damage within Art 23 of Directive 95 (Lloyd at [30]).

Decision in My Digital Lock Pte Ltd

83 In support of his position, Reed also relied on certain views expressed by
the Deputy Commissioner for Personal Data Protection in My Digital Lock Pte
Ltd [2018] SGPDPC 3 (“My Digital Lock”), concerning Jones v Tsige (2012) ONCA
32 (“Tsige”) and Kaye v Robertson [1991] IPR 147 (“Kaye”). 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Michael Reed’s Reply Submissions to the Young Amicus Curiae dated 25 May 2020,
para 71.

84 Tsige was a decision of the Ontario Court of Appeal. There, the defendant
was in a relationship with the claimant’s former husband. The defendant worked
in the same bank as the claimant and used her workplace computer to gain
access to the claimant’s private banking records, at least 174 times over a
period of four years, for the alleged purpose of confirming whether the
claimant’s former husband was paying child support. The defendant did not
publish, distribute or record the information in any way.

85 The Ontario Court of Appeal held that a right of action for intrusion upon
seclusion should be recognised in Ontario. The court was of the view that
jurisprudence under the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms recognised (a)
privacy as being worthy of constitutional protection (at [39]), and (b) three
distinct privacy interests – personal privacy, territorial privacy and
informational privacy (at [41]).

86 Kaye was an English case that was decided before the DPA (UK) was enacted.
There, journalists and a photographer intruded into the hospital room of a
well-known actor, interviewing him and taking photographs of him. The English
Court of Appeal acknowledged (at p150) that there was no right to privacy in
English law and accordingly there was no right of action for breach of a
person’s privacy. However, the court granted injunctive relief on the basis of
the tort of malicious falsehood.

87 In My Digital Lock, the Deputy Commissioner expressed the view (at [33])
that the facts in Tsige and Kaye could give rise to breaches under the PDPA,
and that these breaches could be enforced as private actions under s 32 PDPA.

88 With respect, I did not find My Digital Lock helpful in determining the
scope of “loss or damage” in s 32(1) PDPA. The Deputy Commissioner gave his
view in passing and, apart from emphasising that the right of private action
under the PDPA protects informational privacy, did not analyse the scope of
“loss or damage” or give any explanation as to what the “loss or damage” in
Tsige or Kaye was that would have satisfied s 32 PDPA.

Whether Reed suffered loss or damage directly as a result of Bellingham’s
contraventions of ss 13 and 18 PDPA

89 It was indisputable that Reed had to prove that he suffered loss or damage
within the meaning of s 32(1) PDPA. It was not clear from the GD what was the
loss or damage that the DJ found Reed to have suffered. The DJ noted that
Bellingham’s counsel did not contend that Reed should be denied relief because
he had suffered no loss (GD at [140]). However, as Bellingham pointed out, the
DJ’s observation was at odds with another statement in the GD (at [115]),
which acknowledged that Bellingham had submitted that the plaintiffs in OSS
170 (which would have included Reed) had not established that they had
suffered loss or damage. That said, this was not an issue before me and the
hearing of the appeal proceeded on the basis that there was nothing to stop
Bellingham from arguing before me that Reed had suffered no loss or damage.

90 It was not disputed that Reed had not suffered any financial loss,
psychiatric injury or nervous shock as a result of Bellingham’s contraventions
of ss 13 and 18 PDPA. Before me, Reed submitted that he suffered emotional
distress and loss of control over his personal data directly as a result of
Bellingham’s contraventions of ss 13 and 18 PDPA.

91 I agreed with Bellingham that there was no evidence that Reed suffered
distress. Reed’s affidavits did not show evidence of any distress. As for loss
of control over personal data, Reed’s emails showed that he was concerned over
the security of his personal data and Bellingham’s misuse of that data (see
[13], [14] and [18] above).

92 In any event, for reasons set out earlier, Reed’s distress and loss of
control over personal data did not constitute “loss or damage” within the
meaning of s 32(1) PDPA. Reed therefore had not shown that he had suffered
“loss or damage” such as to give rise to a right of action under s 32(1) PDPA.

Conclusion

93 For the above reasons, I concluded that the term “loss or damage” in s
32(1) PDPA is limited to the heads of loss or damage under common law, and
does not include distress or loss of control over personal data. I therefore
allowed the appeal and set aside the orders made by the DJ. I ordered Reed to
pay Bellingham costs of the appeal fixed at $10,000 and costs of the hearing
below fixed at $4,000, plus disbursements to be fixed by me if not agreed.

94 Although Reed had no right of private action under s 32 PDPA, he was not
without remedy. As mentioned earlier, Bellingham’s obligations under the PDPA
in respect of Reed’s personal data can be enforced by the Commission. The
Commission’s powers under s 29 PDPA include, among others, giving directions
to (a) stop collecting, using or disclosing personal data in contravention of
the Act, and/or (b) destroy all personal data collected in contravention of
the Act. The exercise of these powers would have achieved the same objective
as the injunction order sought by Reed in this case. The Commission is not
empowered to award damages but Reed was not seeking damages in any event.

95 I would also like to place on record my appreciation for the assistance
given to this court by Mr Liu and the counsel for Reed and Bellingham.

Application for leave to appeal

96 Reed subsequently sought leave to appeal against my decision allowing
Bellingham’s appeal. It is well established that leave to appeal may be
granted if there is (a) a prima facie case of error, (b) a question of general
principle decided for the first time, and (c) a question of importance upon
which further argument and a decision of a higher tribunal would be to the
public advantage: Lee Kuan Yew v Tang Liang Hong and another [1997] 2 SLR(R)
862 at [16]. Whilst these three grounds are not exhaustive, they are usually
the grounds relied upon by an applicant seeking leave to appeal.

97 In the present case, Reed’s application for leave to appeal was based on
all three grounds. Bellingham agreed that the present case involves a question
of general principle decided for the first time, and that the question is one
of importance upon which a decision of the Court of Appeal would be to the
public advantage. I agreed that these two grounds were satisfied and I granted
leave on these two grounds.

98 As for the ground of prima facie case of error, Reed relied on Essar Steel
Ltd v Bayerische Landesbank and others [2004] 3 SLR(R) 25 (“Essar Steel”) for
the proposition that the error may be one of fact or of law. In Abdul Rahman
bin Shariff v Abdul Salim bin Syed [1999] 3 SLR(R) 138 (“Abdul Rahman”), the
High Court held (at [30]–[32]) that the error must be one of law because if
facts have to be examined in detail to demonstrate the error, the court
hearing the leave application might as well hear the appeal proper.

99 The High Court in Essar Steel acknowledged the concern expressed in Abdul
Rahman and decided that an error of fact can be relied on to seek leave to
appeal if it has been demonstrated that the error of fact is clear beyond
reasonable argument and has contributed or led to a judgment.

100 I respectfully agree with Essar Steel. Leave to appeal ought to be granted
if it is shown that a decision has been made in error, be it an error of fact
or of law. However, bearing in mind the concern expressed in Abdul Rahman, an
error of fact must be one that is clear beyond reasonable argument (Essar
Steel at [26]); the court should not have to delve into the facts in detail.
An applicant for leave to appeal who alleges a prima facie error must
demonstrate something more than just his disagreement with the decision.
Otherwise, this ground would be satisfied in every case in which leave to
appeal is sought. As for error of law, an applicant seeking leave to appeal on
the ground of prima facie error of law must show something more than just
disagreement with the court’s decision on the law.

101 Most of the time, the applicant who relies on the ground of prima facie
error shows nothing more than that he disagrees with the court’s decision. In
my view, this cannot be sufficient to show a prima facie case of error to
warrant the grant of leave.

Chua Lee Ming  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Ong Ziying Clement and Khoo Shufen Joni (Damodara Ong LLC) for the appellant;

Tay Yong Seng, Yap Wei-Ming Alexander, Ang Ann Liang (Hong Anliang) and Alyssa
Png (Allen & Gledhill LLP) for the respondent;

Liu Zhao Xiang Daniel (WongPartnership LLP) as young amicus curiae.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 May 2021 (15:37 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

