Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC 98

Suit No 11 of 2019

Between

| Golden Star Marine Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| Star Formula Marine Services Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

judgment

Commercial Transactions — Sale of goods — Breach of contract

Commercial Transactions — Sale of services — Breach of contract

Debt and Recovery — Counterclaim

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Golden Star Marine Pte Ltd

  
v

  

Star Formula Marine Services Pte Ltd

[2021] SGHC 98

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 11 of 2019  
Lai Siu Chiu SJ  
13–14 July, 9–12 November 2020, 14 January 2021

21 April 2021 Judgment reserved.

Lai Siu Chiu SJ:

Introduction

1 Golden Star Marine Pte Ltd (“the plaintiff”) is a company incorporated in
Singapore and is in the business of (i) chartering of boats and barges with
crew as well as (ii) vessel-bunkering and (iii) retailing of petroleum
products and oil trading.

2 Star Formula Marine Services Pte Ltd (“the defendant”) is in the business of
operating barges, tugboats and bumboats. It is also a wholesaler of crude
petroleum and provides marine services to harbour craft.

3 One of the plaintiff’s directors, Chew Hoe Soon, also known as Bernard Chew
(“Bernard”), and the Defendant’s director Chua Chee Seng (“Martin”) have known
each other for many years and were once close friends.

4 Besides the plaintiff, Bernard is also a director of two other companies,
namely, Shipmate Pte Ltd (“Shipmate”) and Singaport Cleanseas Pte Ltd
(“Singaport”). Shipmate is involved in ship management while Singaport is in
the oil recycling business. In his affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”),
Bernard deposed that his group of companies currently operates around 20
vessels and he has been managing the three companies for more than 15 years. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Bernard’s AEIC at [3].

The facts

5 According to Bernard’s AEIC and the plaintiff’s statement of claim, 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Bernard’s AEIC at [4].

sometime in early 2016, Martin approached Bernard with a business proposition
(“the Vietnam Project”). A Vietnamese party wanted to buy a large quantity of
marine gas oil (“MGO” or “cargo”), but Martin did not have the resources to
sell it to the Vietnamese buyer. Martin was in fact then on the brink of
bankruptcy. (In cross-examination 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Transcript, 9 November 2020, at p 18, lines 21-24.

Bernard also claimed Martin’s company then owed the plaintiff $500,000.)
Martin requested Bernard’s help with the Vietnam Project.

6 After due consideration, Bernard decided to participate in the Vietnam
Project using vessels belonging to the plaintiff. He would use the plaintiff’s
funds to purchase the MGO to sell to the Vietnamese buyer. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Bernard’s AEIC at [8].

7 Bernard then approached Soo Yong Chieg, known to him as Jack (“Jack”), of
Bunkers Marine Pte Ltd (“Bunkers Marine”) for supply of the MGO. Jack did not
trust Martin’s financial standing and he wanted the plaintiff to stand as
guarantor for the Vietnam Project should Bunkers Marine agree to be the
supplier. After discussions, Bunkers Marine agreed to be the supplier for the
Vietnam Project. Martin and Bernard agreed that the plaintiff and the
defendant would share the profits on a 50:50 basis. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Bernard’s AEIC at [10].

8 At the material time, Ong Teck Beng (“Derrick”) was a mutual friend of
Bernard and Martin. Derrick operated a company called Searights Maritime
Services Pte Ltd (“Searights”), which was then facing financial difficulties
and in fact eventually ceased operations. At the time of its closing down,
Searights owned several vessels, including the “Eustance”, the “Sea Frontier”
and the “Victoria Strike” (collectively “the vessels”). The vessels were
apparently sold or mortgaged to a company called RS Marine Investments Pte Ltd
(“RS Marine”). 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Bernard’s AEIC at [11].

9 Derrick approached Martin to take over the vessels from RS Marine. After a
discussion with Martin, Bernard agreed that the vessels would be taken over by
the defendant and the plaintiff in equal ownership. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

SOC at [9(f)].

Martin’s role was to procure the vessels while Bernard would manage the
vessels and provide the facilities for the vessels’ operations through
Shipmate. Martin was assisted by Lee Cheng Guan (known as “Tony”) in the
Vietnam Project. Tony was in charge of accounts for the defendant. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Bernard’s AEIC at [12]-[14].

10 Because of the mutual trust between them arising from their decades-long
friendship and cooperation on many projects over the years, not to mention
that Bernard had known Martin’s father (David Chua) for 30 to 40 years, Martin
and Bernard decided it would not be necessary to have Bernard’s name in the
agreements made with RS Marine. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Bernard’s AEIC at [15]-[16].

11 Bernard and Martin further agreed that, once full payment was made for the
vessels, their ownership would be transferred to a new company jointly owned
by them. Towards that intent, a company called MB Marine Pte Ltd (“MB Marine”)
was eventually incorporated with Bernard holding 50% of the shares. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Bernard’s AEIC at [17].

12 Martin managed to persuade the MGO buyer to advance a portion of its
payment for the Vietnam Project to procure the vessels. Martin then paid RS
Marine the first instalment for the purchase price of the vessels. However,
all subsequent instalments save the last two were paid by the plaintiff from
the plaintiff’s account. Funds received from the MGO buyer were also taken
into the plaintiff’s account and applied towards the purchase of MGO from
Bunkers Marine. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Bernard’s AEIC at [18].

13 Operation of the vessels commenced after Shipmate sourced and hired crew
for the vessels. Bernard, however, never had direct contact with the MGO buyer
throughout the Vietnam Project. As agreed between them, Martin was the sole
point of contact with the buyer, and he updated Bernard on any information or
payments from the buyer. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Bernard’s AEIC at [20].

14 Initially, for any purchase of MGO, the end-buyer would transfer the
required funds directly to the plaintiff. Subsequently, this arrangement was
changed by Martin such that payment was made to Bunkers Marine by the
defendant after the end-buyer had paid the defendant. The change in payment
was made on 8 March 2017 without Bernard’s knowledge or consent. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Bernard’s AEIC at [20]-[21], [24].

15 Bernard was disappointed by Martin’s conduct. The two held discussions
after which it was agreed as a compromise and moving forward, that the two
would incorporate MB Marine to manage the accounts and receive the funds from
the Vietnam Project. It was also agreed that upon full payment, the ownership
of the vessels would be transferred to MB Marine. Hence, MB Marine was
incorporated even before full payment had been made for the purchase price of
the vessels. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Bernard’s AEIC at [25].

16 In the course of the Vietnam Project, Martin introduced a member of his
staff called Christine to Bernard. Christine requested that Bernard and the
plaintiff support the defendant’s businesses of the retail and supply of oil
as she wanted to improve the defendant’s revenue; Bernard agreed. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Bernard’s AEIC at [27].

17 Consequently, from 2016 onwards, the plaintiff supplied MGO or marine fuel
oil (“MFO”) or both to the defendant. Christine would pass to Bernard orders
that she received and Bernard would fulfil the orders. Upon delivery of the
cargo ordered, the plaintiff would bill the defendant. Documentation for the
trades included WhatsApp communications, emails, invoices and delivery orders.
These orders were described as retail orders by Bernard. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Bernard’s AEIC at [28].

18 Without first giving notice or obtaining the plaintiff’s consent, Martin
used the defendant’s account to make payment of the last two instalments for
the bareboat charter of the vessels. Martin went further and subsequently
transferred the vessels to parties other than MB Marine, in breach of his
agreement with Bernard. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Bernard’s AEIC at [29].

19 Disappointed, Bernard decided he did not want to have any more dealings
with Martin or the defendant. He requested the defendant to pay all the
outstanding sums then due to the plaintiff forthwith. This (according to
Bernard) prompted Martin to come up with baseless and unjustified claims
against the plaintiff. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Bernard’s AEIC at [31].

20 Bernard and Martin met on 31 July 2018 (“the 31 July meeting”) in the
presence of Bernard’s brother, Tony and Tan Hock Lian (“THL”), who is a
shareholder of Singaport. At the 31 July meeting, Martin presented Bernard
with a financial statement containing, inter alia, management salaries, office
rental, loading adjustment and interest owed to RS Marine. The various items
totalled USD691,483.77; Bernard was shocked. He deposed that some items listed
pertained to allegedly outstanding sums in respect of which the defendant had
never issued and delivered valid invoices (contemporaneous or otherwise) to
the plaintiff. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Bernard’s AEIC at [32].

21 Bernard added that the defendant continued to charge such unfounded sums to
the plaintiff even after the plaintiff commenced these proceedings in Suit 11
of 2019 (“the Suit”) on 2 January 2019. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Bernard’s AEIC at [33].

22 On 12 July 2019, the defendant rendered the following invoices to the
plaintiff for bareboat charters and supply of marine lubrication oil: 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Bernard’s AEIC at [33].

Date| Invoice number | Amount in SGD  
---|---|---  
30 June 2016| S1606-004| 315,000.00  
30 September 2016| S1609-006| 315,000.00  
31 December 2016| S1612-014| 315,000.00  
2 February 2017| S1702-001 | 12,000.00  
31 March 2017| S1703–024| 315,000.00  
30 June 2017| S 1706-021| 315,000.00  
Total| | 1,587,000.00  
  
23 It was the plaintiff’s case that, prior to 12 July 2019, the defendant had
never raised to the plaintiff the issue of bareboat charters, whether in
meetings, WhatsApp messages or emails. In any case, the defendant had no basis
to charge the plaintiff for chartering any of the vessels. Bernard pointed out
that if the alleged claims were true, it would not make sense and it was out
of character for the defendant to leave the alleged claims unaddressed for
more than a year in view of the significant sums involved. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Bernard’s AEIC at [34]-[35].

24 Bernard contended that the bareboat invoices were in reality monies owed by
Martin or the defendant to the plaintiff. Martin had used the vessels to
supply smaller vessels with cargo meant for the Vietnam Project. The plaintiff
was entitled to deduct the invoice amounts for those supplies as the plaintiff
had paid the supplier for the oil. Bernard accused Martin of usurping and
stealing the joint venture business of the parties even though Bunkers Marine
invoiced the plaintiff for the fuel supplies it provided. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Bernard’s AEIC at [36], [42].

25 To substantiate the plaintiff’s contention that the defendant’s claims were
not genuine, Bernard referred to the defendant’s financial statements for the
years ended 2017 and 2018. He pointed out that if the bareboat charter claims
were genuine, the amounts would have been reflected as revenue in the
defendant’s financial statements, but they were not. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Bernard’s AEIC at [37].

26 Bernard also noted that the alleged bareboat charters’ periods took place
during the Vietnam Project. Further, the “Victoria Strike” was drydocked
between May and October 2016, while the “Eustance” was drydocked from about
April to June 2017. In addition, as far as Bernard knew, the defendant’s
Maybank account did not exist at the time the defendant raised the purported
invoices for the alleged bareboat charters, which included details of the
defendant’s Maybank account. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Bernard’s AEIC at [43].

At the material time, the defendant maintained a DBS account.

27 Bernard criticised other claims raised by the defendant which form the
subject matter of the defendant’s counterclaim. These will be dealt with when
the court addresses the defendant’s counterclaim and the evidence presented by
the parties.

28 When the trial of the Suit first commenced on 13 July 2020, Bernard was not
scheduled to testify as one of the plaintiff’s witnesses, and he had not filed
any AEIC. The plaintiff’s witness who took the stand that day was Ng Guat
Hoon, known as Doris (“Doris Ng”). She is a director of the plaintiff and is
Bernard’s wife. In his AEIC, Bernard deposed 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Bernard’s AEIC at [41].

that initially, Doris Ng stood in for him as a witness as she knew how much he
trusted Martin not only as a business partner but also as a very good friend.
Doris Ng took it upon herself to confront the defendant so as to save Bernard
from having to face Martin, whom he once called a friend.

29 However, in the course of Doris Ng’s cross-examination, it became evident
to the court that Bernard’s testimony was crucial to the plaintiff’s case.
Consequently, the plaintiff’s counsel (i) applied first to adjourn the trial
and (ii) subsequently obtained leave from this court for Bernard to be called
as the plaintiff’s witness and for his AEIC to be filed. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

HC/ORC 4689/2020.

30 Not surprisingly, the defendant (in particular its witness Martin) disputed
the plaintiff’s and Bernard’s version of events.

The pleadings

31 In the statement of claim, the plaintiff claimed from the defendant
invoices priced in SGD as well as USD. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) (“SOC”) at [10].

There were only four invoices issued in 2016 and 2017 totalling SGD5,804.50
whilst for the USD invoices, the invoices commenced from 21 February 2016 and
ended on 21 June 2018 totalling USD5,910,436.51. The plaintiff alleged that by
its employee Lee Kar Mun (“Carmen”), it had sent numerous emails to the
defendant’s representative Kammy Choo (“Kammy”) since 6 September 2018 to
demand payment of the outstanding invoices to no avail. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

SOC at [13].

32 In its defence and counterclaim, the defendant admitted that the parties
had a long-standing business relationship and that Bernard and Martin had been
close friends for many years. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Defence & Counterclaim (Amendment No 1) (“D&CC”) at [4]-[5].

33 The defendant denied that it was agreed that the parties would jointly own
the vessels. Instead, the defendant contended that the defendant entered into
a Novation Agreement dated 29 March 2016 (“the Novation Agreement”). Under the
Novation Agreement, the defendant took over the vessels by taking over the
benefit of a Memorandum of Agreement dated 25 February 2016 (“the MOA”), which
had been executed by RS Marine, Searights and New Finley Assets Limited (“New
Finley”). The defendant asserted that, upon full payment of the purchase price
of the vessels to RS Marine, the vessels rightfully belonged to the defendant.
31

##### Foot Note 31

×

D&CC at [10], [15].

34 The defendant admitted that the funds from the Vietnam Project were paid to
the plaintiff but denied that MB Marine was incorporated to own the vessels
and/or that it was jointly owned by Bernard and Martin. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

D&CC at [11].

The defendant denied that it changed the manner of paying for supplies of MGO
ordered by buyers in the Vietnam Project as alleged by Bernard (see [14]
above). 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

D&CC at [14].

35 The defendant averred that it had no knowledge of Shipmate and/or of
Shipmate’s role in the Vietnam Project, including its role in crewing and
paying the vessels’ expenses. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

D&CC at [12].

36 In essence, the defendant denied all the material allegations made by the
plaintiff and the latter’s role in the Vietnam Project as well as in the
purchase of the vessels.

37 The defendant also raised a setoff against the plaintiff’s claim. The
setoff was for “services and goods sold to the [p]laintiff at the
[p]laintiff’s request” for invoices variously dated 2016, 2017 and 2018. The
earliest invoice was dated 30 June 2016 and the most recent was dated 21 June
2018. There were 31 invoices in total amounting to SGD1,587,000.00 (“the SGD
counterclaim”) and USD4,484,129.84 (“the USD counterclaim”). 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

D&CC at [28].

38 The defendant also asserted that the plaintiff’s claim failed to take into
account the following sums paid by the defendant. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

D&CC at [29].

Date| Amount in USD  
---|---  
5 May 2017| 51,409.47  
5 October 2017| 2,000.00  
25 October 2017| 150,224.42  
8 September 2017| 200,000.00  
2 March 2018| 500,000.00  
20 April 2018| 250,000.00  
Total| 1,153,633.89  
  
39 It was the defendant’s case that the above sum of USD200,000 paid on 8
September 2017 was made to a third party, Far East Shipping & Trading Pte Ltd
(“Far East”), at Bernard’s behest as the plaintiff owed the amount to Derrick
whose wife owns Far East.

40 The defendant added that, using the exchange rate of SGD1.00 to USD0.74 as
at the date of the writ (2 January 2019), the defendant’s SGD claim would be
equivalent to USD1,174,380. After the setoff of the sums listed in [37] and
[38] above from the plaintiff’s claim, the defendant asserted that the
plaintiff owed the defendant USD904,707.00. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

D&CC at [31].

41 In the plaintiff’s reply and defence to the counterclaim, the plaintiff
disputed six of the defendant’s invoices for the USD counterclaim and all of
the defendant’s invoices for the SGD counterclaim. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Reply & Defence to Counterclaim (Amendment No 1) (“Reply”) at [19].

S/N| Invoice number| Amount| Remarks  
---|---|---|---  
1| S1702-011 | USD51,492.16| Plaintiff paid the invoice on or about 16 February 2017.  
2| S1704-004 | USD58,466.95| Plaintiff paid the invoice on or about 26 April 2017.  
3| S1706-007 | USD33,916.86| Plaintiff paid the invoice on or about 13 June 2017.  
4| S17010-008 | USD20,979.70| Plaintiff paid the invoice on or about 30 October 2017.  
5| S1807-017| USD214,576.24| Plaintiff was unaware of the invoice as it was
never sent to plaintiff before it was stipulated in the Defence.  
6| S1804-020 | USD49,065.08| Plaintiff was unaware of the invoice as it was never sent to plaintiff before it was stipulated in the Defence.  
7| S1606-004 | SGD315,000.00 | Plaintiff was unaware of the invoice as it was never sent to plaintiff before it was stipulated in the Defence.  
8| S1609-006 | SGD315,000.00| Plaintiff was unaware of the invoice as it was never sent to plaintiff before it was stipulated in the Defence.  
9| S1612-014 | SGD315,000.00| Plaintiff was unaware of the invoice as it was never sent to plaintiff before it was stipulated in the Defence.  
10| S1702-001 | SGD12,000.00| Plaintiff was unaware of the invoice as it was never sent to plaintiff before it was stipulated in the Defence.  
11| S1703-024 | SGD315,000.00| Plaintiff was unaware of the invoice as it was never sent to plaintiff before it was stipulated in the Defence.  
12| S1706-021 | SGD315,000.00| Plaintiff was unaware of the invoice as it was never sent to plaintiff before it was stipulated in the Defence.  
  
The amounts in the disputed USD invoices total USD428,496.99. The largest
sums, however, were the six SGD invoices for bareboat charter hire which the
plaintiff claimed it never received.

The evidence

42 The plaintiff had two other witnesses besides Bernard and Doris Ng, namely,
Carmen, who is the plaintiff’s accountant, and Jack of Bunkers Marine (see [7]
above). The defendant also had four witnesses, namely, Martin, Derrick, THL
and Tony (see [9] and [20] above).

(i) The plaintiff’s case

43 In her AEIC, Carmen deposed that she took over duties from the plaintiff’s
former accountant Irene when the latter left the plaintiff’s services in May
2018. Carmen’s duties included chasing the plaintiff’s debtors to recover
outstanding sums owed to the plaintiff. In reviewing the plaintiff’s accounts,
Carmen realised that the defendant owed sums to the plaintiff (“the
defendant’s outstanding debts”). 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Carmen’s AEIC at [3].

44 Carmen reviewed Irene’s files and records of correspondence between Irene
and Kammy, who was the defendant’s accountant at the material time. Carmen
noted from Irene’s records that there were email exchanges between Irene and
Kammy and WhatsApp exchanges between Irene and Tony on the defendant’s
outstanding debts. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Carmen’s AEIC at [4].

45 Following her perusal of the plaintiff’s records, Carmen started liaising
with Kammy. When Carmen first emailed Kammy about the defendant’s outstanding
debts, Kammy requested that Carmen send to her relevant or corresponding
statements of account of the plaintiff. Carmen obliged even though she noted
from the files that Irene had sent Kammy various statements of account on many
prior occasions. These included the “Accounts payable” and “Accounts
receivable” pertaining to the Vietnam Project. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Carmen’s AEIC at [5] and [6].

46 Carmen tabulated some of her exchanges of communication with the defendant
as follows:

(a) On 18 September 2018, Carmen received an email from Tony attaching
handwritten accounts which were purportedly a record of the defendant’s
statements of accounts. The handwritten records were dated 29 June 2018 and
showed an alleged outstanding sum of SGD414,101.10 due from the plaintiff to
the defendant. This was inconsistent with the plaintiff’s accounting records.
Further, the handwritten records made no reference to any invoices; 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Carmen’s AEIC at [7(b)].

(b) On 19 September 2018, Carmen attached the following documents in an email
to Kammy and Tony:

(i) The latest ageing details for MB Marine;

(ii) Debtors’ and creditors’ ageing details of the defendant;

In the email, she informed Kammy that the defendant’s invoice S1804-026 did
not tally with the defendant’s statement and that Kammy had failed to include
in her statement of accounts the plaintiff’s invoice 8207/18; 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Carmen’s AEIC at [7(c)].

(c) On 20 September 2018, Kammy requested Carmen to do a contra between the
parties’ accounts. Although this required Martin’s approval, Kammy told Carmen
that she could follow Tony’s records of the accounts to expedite the process.
44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Carmen’s AEIC at [7(a)].

47 Carmen’s AEIC then repeated the plaintiff’s defence to the defendant’s
counterclaim set out at [41] above. She deposed that the plaintiff disputed
the following invoices presented to the plaintiff on 12 July 2019, as these
had never appeared in the plaintiff’s records prior thereto. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Carmen’s AEIC at [8].

S/N| Date| Invoice number| Summary of Carmen’s remarks  
---|---|---|---  
1| 30 June 2016| S1606-004| Not in any email exchange  
2| 30 September 2016| S1609-006| Not in any email exchange  
3| 31 December 2016| S1612-014| Not in any email exchange  
4| 30 March 2017| S1703-024| Not in any email exchange  
5| 30 June 2017| S1706-021| Not in any email exchange  
6| 2 February 2017| S1702-001| Not in any email exchange  
7| 17 January 2018| S1870-017| This invoice has never appeared in any email
exchanges between the parties. WhatsApp records show that the defendant
previously claimed under invoice S1901-017, dated 16 January 2018, the same
amount of USD214,576.24. The invoice was untraceable and resurfaced in the
defendant’s counterclaim.  
  
48 Carmen added that invoice 1804-020 (see S/N 6 in [41] above), dated 12
April 2018, was a double-billing – it was also billed to and paid by a related
company of the plaintiff called GSM Maritime Pte Ltd (“GSM”). 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Carmen’s AEIC at [9].

49 During cross-examination, Carmen demonstrated her familiarity with the
plaintiff’s accounts – she had no difficulties explaining to the defendant’s
counsel how the plaintiff’s statements in the agreed bundles 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Agreed Bundle (“AB”) vol 2.

added up to the amount claimed in the statement of claim. This included an
advance of SGD180,000 made to the defendant in two payments. The first payment
of SGD120,000 was made on 14 November 2016, and the second payment of
SGD60,000 was made on 26 January 2017. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Transcript, 10 November 2020, p 11, lines 7–8; p 15, lines 13–23.

50 Carmen drew to the court’s attention the fact that the first five of the
defendant’s invoices listed in [47] above contained particulars of the
defendant’s Maybank account. Those invoices were variously dated 2016 or 2017.
However, the plaintiff’s records of the defendant’s invoices from 2016 to 2018
showed that the Maybank account was never used. During those years, the
defendant’s invoices gave its DBS account for payment purposes. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Transcript, 10 November 2020, p 20, lines 2–20.

Carmen referred to Bernard’s AEIC 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Bernard’s AEIC at [43].

where he had deposed that the defendant’s Maybank account did not exist until
2019. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Transcript, 10 November 2020, p 21, lines 28–31.

51 When cross-examined on why this piece of evidence was missing from her
AEIC, Carmen explained that as it was in the AEIC of her “boss” Bernard, it
was not necessary to include it in her written testimony. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Transcript, 10 November 2020, at p 23, lines 4–7.

52 Bernard’s testimony as it appears in his AEIC has already been set out
earlier (see [4]–[26] above). The court turns to the evidence that was adduced
from him during cross-examination.

53 Bernard was not familiar with the statements of accounts between the
plaintiff and the defendant. He requested that questions on the same be
directed to Carmen, particularly on the contra arrangement between the two
parties’ accounts.

54 Counsel for the defendant made much of the fact that the plaintiff’s
auditor’s confirmation statement of the balance position between the parties
as at 31 December 2018 was not countersigned by the defendant. The audit
confirmation stated as follows: 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

AB vol 2 at 380.

Due from [the defendant]| USD5,186,932.37SGD5,804.50  
---|---  
Due to [the defendant]| USD4,125,531.5  
Advance payments to [the defendant]| USD2,045,145.20 SGD180,000  
  
55 Bernard explained that Bunkers Marine was not the sole but a main supplier
of MGO for the Vietnam Project. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Transcript, 9 November 2020, at p 20, lines 8–14.

For such service, Bernard testified that Bunkers Marine would be paid USD3.00
per tonne of oil as commission. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Transcript, 9 November 2020, at p 23, lines 28–30.

On its part, the plaintiff would act as guarantor in case the buyer failed to
pay for Bunkers Marine’s cargo. By that Bernard explained (during re-
examination) that the plaintiff was required to honour the price quoted by
Bunkers Marine for its supply of MGO for the Vietnam Project even if the
market price for the cargo fell after Bunkers Marine gave its quotation but
before it supplied. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Transcript, 9 November 2020, at p 62, lines 7–23.

56 Bernard did not dispute the fact that he had no documents to substantiate
his claim that the vessels were meant to be co-owned by the plaintiff and the
defendant. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Transcript, 9 November 2020, at p 27, line 31 to p 28, line 1.

He said it was a matter of trust between Martin and himself due to Bernard’s
friendship with Martin’s father. MB Marine was incorporated for the plaintiff
and the defendant to co-own the vessels.

57 As Bernard knew nothing of the plaintiff’s accounts, he was unaware of
Martin’s alleged unhappiness with the plaintiff’s accounts. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Transcript, 9 November 2020, at p 32, line 26 to p 33, line 2.

That was the reason (according to the defendant’s counsel) 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Transcript, 9 November 2020, at p 33, lines 3–6.

that Martin eventually bypassed the plaintiff and paid Bunkers Marine directly
for the MGO supplied for the Vietnam Project. Martin further arranged for the
Vietnamese buyer to pay the defendant directly.

58 It was Bernard’s evidence that his other company Shipmate was the vessels’
manager and took care of the crewing arrangements, maintenance and repairs of
the vessels. Bernard testified during re-examination that, at the time of this
trial, the defendant still owed sums to Shipmate for its management of the
vessels. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Transcript, 9 November 2020, at p 64, lines 5–9.

59 Bernard was shown the plaintiff’s bunker delivery notes in the plaintiff’s
supplementary bundle of documents 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

AB vol 3 at 27, 29 and 37.

for bunkers supplied to the “Eustance” on various dates in 2016. These
(according to Bernard) related to retail trades in fuel supply sales to other
vessels. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Transcript, 9 November 2020, at p 48, lines 24–28.

The defendant’s staff Christine brokered these trades for the defendant, and
the plaintiff fulfilled them (see [16]–[17] above).

60 Nothing turns on Jack’s testimony, which was brief and non-controversial.
Jack’s AEIC confirmed Bernard’s version of the facts set out earlier at
[5]-[7] and [14].

61 During cross-examination, Jack testified that, to him, the expenses
incurred for the joint venture Vietnam Project between the plaintiff and the
defendant would include bareboat charges. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Transcript, 9 November 2020, at p 74, lines 4–12.

He explained that Bunkers Marine would only do business with the plaintiff at
the material time because he knew Bernard long before he knew Martin and the
plaintiff was in a better financial position than the defendant. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Transcript, 9 November 2020, at p 74, lines 16–23.

However, operations-wise, because he had to deal with the end-user of the
cargo, Jack testified he dealt more with Martin and Tony for co-ordination
reasons with regard to loading and payment of the cargo supplied by Bunkers
Marine. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Transcript, 9 November 2020, at p 74, line 31 to p 75, line 7.

62 Jack testified that Bunkers Marine would invoice the plaintiff for the
cargo it supplied to the Vietnam Project. Sometimes, when Martin urgently
required the cargo, the defendant would pay on behalf of the plaintiff but
Bunkers Marine always billed the plaintiff. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Transcript, 9 November 2020, at p 75, line 12 to p 76, line 5.

For the Vietnam Project, Bunkers Marine received USD66,949,840.00 in total
from the defendant. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Transcript, 9 November 2020, at p 77, lines 20–21.

Contrary to Bernard’s testimony at [55] above, Jack testified he was paid $2
per tonne as commission for the supplies of MGO by Bunkers Marine.

63 Jack confirmed Bernard’s evidence (see [0] above) that, by guarantee from
the plaintiff, he meant that the plaintiff must honour and accept the price(s)
he had quoted to the plaintiff whenever there was an order placed for MGO
under the Vietnam Project. He explained that Bunkers Marine would have booked
the quantity of MGO ordered by the plaintiff from its own suppliers at a
certain price based upon which he gave a quotation to the plaintiff. Bunkers
Marine would still be liable to its supplier(s) based on the price provided to
it, even if the price fell after it placed its order for the plaintiff’s cargo
– Jack needed the plaintiff’s commitment to the price he had quoted to the
plaintiff to avoid incurring any loss for Bunkers Marine. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Transcript, 9 November 2020, at p 79, lines 4–20.

(ii) The defendant’s case

64 As indicated earlier (see [42] above), the defendant also had four
witnesses. The court will first address the testimony of Martin, who was the
defendant’s most important witness. In his AEIC, 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Martin’s AEIC at [8]–[9].

Martin deposed that the oral agreement between himself and Bernard was that:

(a) the plaintiff and the defendant would purchase oil from one another to
fulfil the requirements of their respective customers;

(b) they would provide each other with services such as de-bunkering and de-
slopping;

(c) the plaintiff would sell and deliver oil to the defendant’s customers and
would invoice the defendant accordingly; and

(d) the plaintiff’s and the defendant’s invoices would be set off against one
another.

65 Martin claimed he does not know Carmen and has only dealt with her
predecessor Irene. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Martin’s AEIC at [15].

He added that Kammy, whom Carmen said she liaised with by way of emails in
September 2018, is not an employee, agent or representative of the defendant
but rather an external accountant engaged by the defendant. He deposed that
Kammy also dealt with Irene and not Carmen. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Martin’s AEIC at [16].

66 Referring to the defendant’s payments set out in [38] above which the
plaintiff disputed, Martin claimed that, at Bernard’s request, the defendant
paid on his behalf USD200,000 and USD250,000 to Derrick on 8 September 2017
and on 20 April 2018 respectively. Martin deposed that Bernard owed monies to
Derrick. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Martin’s AEIC at [19].

Derrick deposed that both sums were paid to his wife’s company, Far East. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Derrick’s AEIC at [8]–[11].

I should point out that this important fact was not pleaded by the defendant
in either its defence or counterclaim.

67 According to Martin, not only did the defendant not owe money to the
plaintiff, but also the plaintiff owed the defendant the sums claimed in the
defendant’s counterclaim.

68 During his cross-examination, it was elicited from Martin that there was no
charter documentation to evidence the defendant’s alleged charter of the
vessels to the plaintiff. He testified it was a matter of trust between him
and Bernard. In the past, he had also chartered vessels to Bernard without
documentation. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Transcript, 10 November 2020, at p 29, lines 2–7.

He said the defendant purchased the vessels from RS Marine by instalment
payments. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Transcript, 10 November 2020, at p 30, lines 4–13.

At one stage 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Transcript, 11 November 2020, at p 67, lines 29–31.

Martin testified that the plaintiff paid the charter hire for the vessels,
which the defendant paid in turn to RS Marine.

69 When questioned why he invoiced the plaintiff for charter hire for usage of
the vessels to deliver MGO in the Vietnam Project, Martin explained that it
was because the vessels belonged to him notwithstanding that the Vietnam
Project was a joint venture between the parties. He testified that he provided
the vessels to carry the cargo whereas the plaintiff did not provide
“anything”. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Transcript, 10 November 2020, at p 33, lines 12–13.

In addition, the Vietnamese buyer sent payment to Singapore before buying the
cargo. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Transcript, 10 November 2020, at p 33, lines 14–15.

The defendant charged the plaintiff different amounts for the purported hire
of the vessels – SGD120,000 per month for the “Sea Frontier”, SGD100,000 per
month for the “Eustance” and SGD45,000 per month for the “Victoria Strike”.
Martin explained it was due to the vessels being of different sizes. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

Transcript, 10 November 2020, at p 46, lines 23–31.

There was no documentation to support the defendant’s different rates of hire
for the vessels.

70 Questioned further why he purchased the MGO for the Vietnam Project through
the plaintiff instead of going directly to Bunkers Marine, Martin’s illogical
answer was that Jack and the plaintiff were partners and the plaintiff wanted
to pay commission of $3.00 per tonne of cargo to Bunkers Marine, to which he
agreed. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Transcript, 10 November 2020, at p 52, lines 15–23.

71 As regards the Novation Agreement referred to earlier (see [33] above), it
is noteworthy that the plaintiff was not a party thereto. Hence, it would not
know the contents. According to cll 3 and 4 of the Novation Agreement,
Searights’s obligations to buy the vessels from RS Marine were novated to the
defendant, but Searights remained a guarantor to ensure that the defendant
honoured the obligations it took over from Searights.

72 Martin had exhibited to his AEIC the Novation Agreement. Schedule 1 of the
Novation Agreement had a payment schedule of eight instalment payments to RS
Marine totalling $240,037.92 for the payment of the bareboat charter of the
vessels as stated under cl 3.2 therein. Martin relied on the payment schedule
in his testimony, but nothing in the document proved that the defendant paid
the instalments to become the vessels’ owner. Martin denied the plaintiff’s
suggestion that the parties eventually agreed to jointly own the vessels
through MB Marine. However, he admitted that eventually it was MB Marine that
purchased cargo from Bunkers Marine for the Vietnam Project. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Transcript, 10 November 2020, at p 57, lines 5–9, lines 15–20.

73 Separately, on the same day the Novation Agreement was executed, Searights,
the defendant and RS Marine entered into another novation agreement (“the
Second Novation Agreement”) for the defendant to take over the six-month
bareboat charterparty dated 26 February 2016 made between Searights and RS
Marine. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

AB vol 1 at 358–366.

Indeed, the defendant was described as “the new charterer” in the Second
Novation Agreement. The Second Novation Agreement had a payment schedule of
eight instalments totalling SGD2,240,354.08.

74 Martin’s AEIC further exhibited the MOA executed by New Finley, RS Marine
and Searights that provided that, once Searights had paid the monthly charter
hire of USD425,600 for six months, RS Marine would then transfer ownership of
the vessels to Searights for a token payment of USD10.

75 It seemed to the court that the charter hire agreed to be paid by the
defendant pursuant to the Second Novation Agreement was actually hire purchase
instalments – once the defendant made the six payments, RS Marine would
transfer ownership of the vessels to the defendant for a nominal sum of USD10.

76 What was noteworthy from Martin’s cross-examination was the fact that,
despite being the defendant’s director and its main witness, he knew nothing
about the accounts upon which the defendant relied heavily for its
counterclaim and setoff against the plaintiff’s claim. At one point, he went
to the extent of not accepting the accounts that were prepared by the
defendant as shown in the agreed bundle marked 2AB. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

AB vol 2 at 168–170.

77 However, despite repeatedly stating that Kammy was in charge of, and he was
unable to answer questions on, the accounts, 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

Transcript, 11 November 2020, at p 33, lines 16–25.

the defendant did not call Kammy as a witness and provided no explanation for
her absence.

78 In addition, it was only when Martin was confronted with the defendant’s
own invoice 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

AB vol 1 at 307.

dated 31 December 2016 to the plaintiff showing a deduction of SGD480,000 that
Martin conceded that the charter hire due to RS Marine for the vessels (in
this case for October to December 2016) was paid by the plaintiff. Martin
further agreed that the instalment payments for the vessels were paid by the
plaintiff but disagreed that the money came from the profits of the Vietnam
Project. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

Transcript, 10 November 2020, at p 62, lines 9–30.

He further disagreed that it was part of the plaintiff’s obligations under the
joint venture to bear the instalment payments. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

Transcript, 10 November 2020, at p 65, lines 6–12.

79 Martin’s AEIC did not mention the Vietnam Project. Bernard dealt with it at
length in his AEIC but Martin did not refer to it at all. Pressed repeatedly
by counsel for the plaintiff and the court for the reason, Martin’s lame
explanation was that there was “no black and white” on the Vietnam Project. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

Transcript, 10 November 2020, at p 53, line 31 to p 54, line 6.

He added that the plaintiff also did not refer to the Vietnam Project “right
from the beginning [and] it was only towards the end that they mentioned
this”. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

Transcript, 10 November 2020, at p 55, lines 5–6.

80 Martin’s assertion is incorrect. In his affidavit filed on 11 August 2020
(the “August affidavit”) to oppose the plaintiff’s application to call
Bernard, Carmen and Jack as witnesses and file their AEICs, Martin had deposed
that the Vietnam Project and the vessels are not issues in these proceedings.
90

##### Foot Note 90

×

Martin’s Affidavit in Reply at [11].

Yet, in the next breath, 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

Martin’s Affidavit in Reply at [12].

Martin deposed that the 31 July meeting, the bareboat charter invoices and the
sums of USD200,000 and USD250,000 set out in [38] above are live issues.
Martin’s stand is inconsistent. The bareboat charter invoices are disputed by
the plaintiff, and they arose from the purported charters of the vessels to
the plaintiff under the Vietnam Project. Hence, the Vietnam Project and the
vessels cannot be “irrelevant” to these proceedings as Martin contended in the
August affidavit.

81 The court also notes that the AEICs of the plaintiff’s additional
witnesses, Bernard and Carmen, were filed on 27 August 2020 and copies were
extended to the defendant thereafter. The defendant had every opportunity
before the trial dates to file further AEICs to address the issue of the
Vietnam Project if it wanted to, and this court would have granted the
necessary leave to do so. Further, the Vietnam Project was pleaded in the
plaintiff’s Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

At [9].

filed on 4 September 2020.

82 Notwithstanding the omission of the Vietnam Project from the AEICs of the
defendant’s witnesses, Martin agreed that the Vietnam Project was a 50:50
joint venture between the parties and that the vessels were used in the joint
venture. Despite making that concession, Martin unreasonably asserted that the
plaintiff had to bear the expenses of the joint venture and that division of
profits was based on gross not net profit. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

Transcript, 10 November 2020, at p 61, lines 8–31.

Martin claimed he knew nothing of Shipmate’s role in managing, maintaining and
crewing the vessels, which in any case was not his concern. He maintained that
the plaintiff had to pay charter hire because they made use of the vessels
sometimes “to do some of [Bernard]’s other things”. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

Transcript, 10 November 2020, at p 63, line 13.

Martin had no documentation to prove this allegation but asserted that THL
could corroborate his evidence. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

Transcript, 10 November 2020, at p 63, lines 14–16, 29–30.

However, he also agreed during cross-examination 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

Transcript, 10 November 2020, at p 61, lines 16–19.

and confirmed in re-examination 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

Transcript, 11 November 2020, at p 65, lines 28–32.

that the plaintiff paid all the expenses for the vessels.

83 One concession that Martin did make (after considerable prevarication and
after being pressed by the court) was that the defendant could not charge the
plaintiff for charter hire when any of the vessels were in drydock. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

Transcript, 10 November 2020, at p 67, line 15 to p 68, line 8.

That means that the defendant’s claim for charter hire for the vessel
“Victoria Strike” between 4 July and 19 October 2016 is unsustainable and so
too is its claim for charter hire for the vessel “Eustance” when she was dry-
docked between 24 April and 9 June 2017.

84 Another concession made by Martin was his late acknowledgment that the
plaintiff did send him accounts. He conflated the issue that he did not accept
the plaintiff’s accounts with the fact that the plaintiff sent the accounts to
the defendant. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

Transcript, 10 November 2020, at p 95, lines 1–3.

85 Many of the points raised by Martin during cross-examination were not
pleaded in either the defendant’s defence or its counterclaim or even stated
in his AEIC. These included an allegation that it was at the plaintiff’s
behest that he requested more and more deposit(s) from the buyer in the
Vietnam Project because the plaintiff was short of cash. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

Transcript, 10 November 2020, at p 76, lines 23–26; p 77, lines 1–2; p 79,
lines 8–16.

Hence, it serves little purpose for the court to address those
(unsubstantiated) allegations.

86 After intense cross-examination, it was adduced from Martin that deliveries
of the cargo to buyers other than under the Vietnam Project were made on the
instructions of his employee Christine, who brokered such transactions for
which she was paid commission. Notwithstanding that fact, Martin asserted that
the defendant could and did charge the plaintiff for using the vessels to
deliver the cargo to buyers sourced by Christine. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

Transcript, 10 November 2020, at p 84, line 21 to p 87, line 21.

87 What was common ground between the parties was that the contra arrangement
of the accounts between the parties required both parties’ agreement. The
contra exercise took place first between Irene and Tony representing the
plaintiff and the defendant respectively. After Irene left the plaintiff’s
employment, Carmen succeeded her. It was also clear from the evidence (which
Martin attempted to dispute) that the contra arrangement extended to the
Vietnam Project.

88 As for the two payments allegedly made to Far East by the defendant at
Bernard’s request (see [66] above), Martin had no evidence of such requests –
he claimed Bernard made those requests by way of telephone calls. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

Transcript, 11 November 2020, at p 25, lines 17–29.

89 It was Martin’s own evidence that the defendant’s counterclaim for bareboat
charges from the plaintiff does “not have much evidence, because everything
was done verbally”. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

Transcript, 11 November 2020, at p 32, lines 6–10.

It is noteworthy that, unlike the plaintiff, the defendant did not even send
an audit confirmation statement to the plaintiff to sign on the counterclaim
amount of USD1,587,000.

90 Next, the court turns to Tony’s testimony. His evidence related to the
accounts. In his AEIC, Tony supported Martin’s claim that the defendant had
settled all the plaintiff’s invoices for sums owed by the defendant. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

Tony’s AEIC at [5].

91 However, under cross-examination, it was adduced from Tony that he was
unaware that some invoices claimed by the defendant to be outstanding had
already been paid. One example was invoice S1702-11 (see S/N 1 in [41] above)
for which payment was made by way of a Citibank cheque 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

AB vol 2 at 99.

for SGD72,552, which was equivalent to USD51,492.16. Evidence of the
plaintiff’s payment of the defendant’s invoices S1704-004 and 1706-007 was
also shown to Tony whilst invoice 1710-008 was contra’d with the plaintiff’s
invoice 7998. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

Transcript, 11 November 2020, at p 81, line 14 to p 86, line 25.

92 Tony had deposed at para 10 of his AEIC that the 17 invoices therein
mentioned were handed over to either Irene or Yvonne or Carmen or Bernard. He
claimed that Bernard would visit the defendant’s office 3 to 4 times a week
and Tony would pass the invoices to Bernard whenever he saw Bernard but there
was no acknowledgment. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

Transcript, 11 November 2020, at p 88, lines 4–6; p 89, lines 1–9.

One such invoice was S1807-017 dated 17 January 2017 for USD214,576.24, which
the plaintiff disputed. Tony hazarded he would have handed that invoice to
Bernard around that date. He recalled the occasion distinctly because Bernard
apparently tore up the invoice. When cross-examined why the defendant did not
follow-up on the non-payment until after the suit was commenced, Tony
explained it was because the defendant would include it in the contra exercise
(but it never did). 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

Transcript, 11 November 2020, at p 89, lines 14–30; p 92, lines 10–13.

93 Tony’s attention was drawn to para 18 of Martin’s AEIC (repeated at para 29
of the Defence) where the latter had deposed:

The Defendant also avers that the Plaintiff has in its claim failed entirely
to take into account the following payments that had been made to the
Plaintiff:

Date| Amount paid to Plaintiff in USD  
---|---  
05.10.2017| $2,000.00  
05.05.2017| $51,409.47  
25.10.2017| $150,224.42  
08.09.2017| $200,000.00  
02.03.2018| $500,000.00  
20.04.2018| $250,000.00  
Total| $1,153,633.89  
  
According to Martin’s AEIC, the payments of USD200,000.00 and USD250,000.00
were made to Far East by the defendant at Bernard’s request.

94 The evidence adduced from Tony proved that Martin’s above assertion was not
borne out. Indeed, the evidence adduced from Tony proved that the defendant’s
accounts were wholly unreliable. For example, the defendant had issued invoice
S1804-020 dated 12 April 2018 for USG49,065.08 to GSM 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

AB vol 3 at 118.

and it was paid. Despite such evidence of payment, Tony maintained the
defendant did not receive payment of this invoice. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

Transcript, 11 November 2020, at p 93, lines 13–31.

95 The plaintiff produced a list of 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

AB vol 2 at 113–115.

and the invoices that had been contra’d between the parties for a total sum of
USD150,849.73. Tony would not confirm the invoices that had been contra’d,
using the excuse that he could not remember due to too many invoices being
contra’d. However, he could not dispute the plaintiff’s figures and
calculation for the contra’d items. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

Transcript, 12 November 2020, at p 10, line 11 to p 11, line 16.

Indeed, after counsel for the plaintiff took Tony through the lengthy and
tedious exercise of looking at the invoices in the plaintiff’s documents in
the bundle marked 2AB, Martin’s contention that the plaintiff failed to
account to the defendant for the amounts totalling USD1,153,633.89 (see [93]
above) was refuted.

96 As for the sum of USD450,000, which the defendant purportedly transferred
to Far East at Bernard’s request, not only the plaintiff’s counsel but also
the court questioned Tony 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

Transcript, 12 November 2020, at p 26, lines 1 –20.

why he would act on the instructions (even if it was true) of someone who is
not his employer or from his company to transfer such substantial sums to a
third party. Tony had no evidence to substantiate Bernard’s alleged requests.
The court further addresses this claim when it refers to Derrick’s testimony
(see [102]–[104] below).

97 Even more interesting was Tony’s admission that the six invoices totalling
USD1,153633.89 (see [93] above) were never the subject of the parties’ contra
arrangement. Questioned on this omission, Tony’s unconvincing explanation was
that the invoices were from “a long time ago”. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

Transcript, 12 November 2020, at p 37, lines 23–28.

That would have been all the more reason (the court told Tony) why those
invoices should have been part of the contra arrangement between the parties.

98 It was equally noteworthy that the defendant’s counterclaim for
SGD1,587,000.00 for charter hire (which included supply of marine lubrication
oil) was not reflected in the audited accounts of the defendant for the
financial years ended 31 July 2017 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

AB vol 2 at 129–161.

and 31 July 2018. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

AB vol 2 at 238–270.

In those accounts, 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

AB vol 2 at 136.

the “trade receivables” item had a figure of SGD$668,317 and SGD240,100 for
2017 and 2016 respectively. Both years’ figures excluded the alleged
outstanding charter hire. The court’s inquiry of Tony for such a significant
omission drew an unsatisfactory response that “Kammy was the one who prepared
[the accounts]”. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

Transcript, 12 November 2020, at p 34, line 14 to p 35, line 4.

99 The same omission was reflected in the 2018 accounts 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

AB vol 2 at 245.

of the defendant, where the item for “trade receivables” of SGD1,398,516 again
excluded the claim for outstanding charter hire. When cross-examined on the
omission, Tony explained it was because “[b]oth bosses were in an argument.
Monies were not paid, so we didn’t include it”. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

Transcript, 12 November 2020, at p 36, lines 1–2.

100 An even more significant omission from the defendant’s annual accounts, be
it for 2017 or 2018, was its counterclaim against the plaintiff of
USD5,637,763,.73 – it was not recorded as a trade receivable or debt due from
the plaintiff. Neither did the defendant send audit statements to the
plaintiff for confirmation that the counterclaimed sums of USD5,637,763.73 and
SGD1,587,000 were due and owing from the plaintiff. As with the defendant’s
charter hire claim, Tony could not or did not provide any satisfactory
explanation for this omission.

101 In summary, at the close of Tony’s testimony, the plaintiff had shown that
the following invoices of the defendant had been paid.

Invoice number| Amount in USD  
---|---  
S1702-011 | 51,492.16  
S1704-004| 58,466.95  
S1706-007| 33,916.86  
S17010-008| 20,979.70  
  
The plaintiff had also shown that the following payments by the defendant had
been taken into account in the parties’ contra exercise.

Date| Amount paid to plaintiff in USD  
---|---  
5 October 2017| $2,000.00  
5 May 2017| $51,409.47  
25 October 2017| $150,224.42  
2 March 2018| $500,000.00  
  
102 The testimony of the defendant’s two remaining witnesses can be disposed
of quickly. Derrick’s evidence was solely to confirm that the defendant had
repaid on Bernard’s behalf the two sums of USD200,000 and USD250,000 Bernard
allegedly borrowed from Derrick. Apart from deposing that Bernard orally
requested the two loans (which Bernard denied), Derrick’s evidence of the two
loans was only a bare assertion and questionable. The first sum of USD200,000
was transferred from the defendant’s DBS account to that of Far East on 8
September 2017. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

AB vol 1 at 319.

103 The second sum of USD250,000 was not even extended by the defendant but
was a cheque numbered 621185 issued from MB Marine’s DBS account 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

AB vol 1 at 321.

on 20 April 2018. It was accompanied by a payment voucher addressed to Derrick
and approved by Bernard. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

AB vol 1 at 322.

There was nothing on record to prove that the first remittance had anything to
do with Bernard or the plaintiff. Doris Ng had testified 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

Transcript, 13 July 2020, at p 80, lines 17–19.

that Martin called Bernard when Martin was away in Vietnam and requested
Bernard to issue a cheque for the amount on Martin’s behalf to Far East to
help Derrick who (Martin said) was in financial trouble. On his part, Bernard
had deposed in his AEIC 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

Bernard’s AEIC at [39].

that he signed DBS cheque numbered 621185 for the amount in blank and it was
undated. Bernard corroborated his statement by exhibiting in his AEIC 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

Bernard’s AEIC at Exhibit CHS-3.

a copy of the undated and blank cheque. Neither Bernard nor Doris Ng knew the
actual purpose of the cheque. Derrick’s testimony that he repeatedly chased
Bernard to return the two alleged loans was also unsupported.

104 As the plaintiff’s counsel suggested to Derrick, the appropriate witness
should have been Derrick’s wife since Derrick claimed in his AEIC that his
wife owns Far East, he owed her money and the alleged payment of US200,000 she
received from the defendant was to clear his debt to her as well as the
defendant’s debt(s) owed to the plaintiff. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

Derrick’s AEIC at [8]–[9].

It was disclosed by Derrick when questioned by the court 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

Transcript, 12 November 2020, at p 44, lines 2–5.

and subsequently in cross-examination 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

Transcript, 12 November 2020, at p 48, line 30 to p 49, line 6.

that he is employed as a manager of Far East. The court is therefore a little
sceptical of Derrick’s financial ability to advance such substantial loans to
Bernard.

105 Finally, the court turns to the testimony of THL, who is a mutual friend
of both Bernard and Martin. THL’s AEIC referred to his attendance at two
meetings in May and August 2018 to which he was invited by Bernard’s brother.
He deposed that the meetings were held to resolve the accounts between the
parties; the outcome was that Bernard allegedly agreed that the plaintiff owed
sums to the defendant. However, the parties were unable to agree on how much
the plaintiff owed the defendant. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

THL’s AEIC at [7]–[8].

106 THL deposed to what Martin told him 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

THL’s AEIC at [6].

as well as to a telephone conversation he overhead between Martin and Bernard.
132

##### Foot Note 132

×

Transcript, 12 November 2020, at p 55, line 30 to p 56, line 2.

When he was asked the reason for his attendance at the two meetings, THL said
he was to “be a witness to the dispute” as for “1-plus years to 2 years”, the
plaintiff had not given any documents to the defendant on the Vietnam Project
despite the latter’s chasing the former. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

Transcript, 12 November 2020, at p 55, lines 27–30.

Nothing turns on THL’s testimony, which was largely hearsay.

The issues

107 It is common ground that the parties had a contra arrangement for their
accounts to be squared. The issues for the court’s determination are:

(a) Was the Vietnam Project a 50:50 joint venture between the plaintiff and
the defendant?

(b) Did the parties’ contra arrangement on their accounts extend to the
Vietnam Project?

(c) Did the plaintiff take into account in the contra exercise the payments
allegedly made by the defendant (set out in [93] above) totalling
USD1,153,633.89?

(d) Does the defendant have a valid counterclaim?

The findings

(i) Was the Vietnam Project a 50:50 joint venture between the plaintiff and
the defendant?

108 There is no doubt on the evidence that the plaintiff and the defendant had
a 50:50 partnership in the joint venture until Martin unilaterally took over
the entire project and cut out the plaintiff’s share. Jack, who worked closely
with Martin in supplying the MGO to the Vietnamese buyer(s), attested to the
arrangement.

(ii) Did the parties’ contra arrangement on their accounts extend to the
Vietnam Project?

109 In the light of the evidence adduced from Carmen, Doris Ng and Bernard,
the court finds that the contra arrangement extended to the Vietnam Project.
Indeed, contrary to Martin’s evidence that the Vietnam Project has nothing to
do with the plaintiff’s claim, the defendant’s closing submissions 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions (“DCS”) at [42].

argued that the contra arrangement applied.

110 Further, again contrary to the defendant’s closing submissions, 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

DCS at [7]–[12].

the plaintiff knew exactly what it was claiming. The plaintiff’s amended claim
is reflected in its Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1). I should add that
Carmen was not only a credible but also a competent witness, unlike her
counterpart Tony from the defendant. Every statement of account disputed by
the defendant could be corroborated by her from the plaintiff’s documents,
while payments the defendant claimed were not taken into account by the
plaintiff were refuted by Carmen’s testimony and/or Tony’s cross-examination.

111 As compared with Carmen’s evidence, Tony’s cross-examination showed that
the defendant kept poor records and that its version of its running account
with the plaintiff was unreliable. Despite being in charge of the defendant’s
accounts, Tony came across as disorganised if not incompetent – he was not
even aware of certain payments made by the plaintiff notwithstanding the
undisputed evidence produced by the plaintiff. His conduct (including his
handwritten records (see [46(a)] above)) speaks volumes of the haphazard and
unreliable manner in which the defendant maintained its records and statements
of accounts. As observed earlier (see [77] above), the defendant could have
and should have called Kammy to testify. The fact that she is not an employee
of the defendant is neither here nor there. The court was not told she was not
available. Although not requested in the plaintiff’s closing submissions, the
court makes an adverse inference under s 116 Illustration (g) of the Evidence
Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed) that, if Kammy had been called as a witness, she
would not have agreed with the defendant’s version of the running account
between the parties and would not have corroborated the figures in the
defendant’s defence or counterclaim.

112 The defendant’s submissions heavily criticised Bernard’s testimony. True,
the court encountered some difficulty at times in comprehending Bernard’s
answers in cross-examination as often he did not speak in complete sentences.
It was obvious that he did not familiarise himself with the plaintiff’s
statements of accounts before he came to court. The court appreciates,
however, that the accounts of the plaintiff were not within his purview as a
director of the plaintiff – he is not expected to know the exact numbers or
the state of the accounts between the parties. Despite his shortcomings,
Bernard did not come across as either dishonest or evasive.

113 Indeed, Bernard fared much better as a witness than Martin. Martin’s
lengthy cross-examination elicited rambling and irrelevant testimony, and he
prevaricated and was often evasive. What emerged from his cross-examination
was that portions of his AEIC were clearly false – he was shown to have been
untruthful in many instances. Some instances were highlighted earlier in [78],
[82], [83] and [84] above.

114 The court finds (which Bernard confirmed during re-examination 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

Transcript, 9 November 2020, at p 62, line 28 to p 63, line 4.

) that the plaintiff and Bernard tolerated Martin’s behaviour despite the
frustrations Martin caused because it was Martin who brought the Vietnam
Project to the plaintiff as business and the plaintiff had no contact
whatsoever with the buyer(s). The plaintiff had no choice but to put up with
Martin’s misconduct, which culminated in Martin taking away from the plaintiff
the Vietnam Project and the vessels from MB Marine.

115 Martin’s contention that the plaintiff did not contribute anything to the
Vietnam Project (see [69] above) ignores the fact that, without the
plaintiff’s participation and guarantee to Bunkers Marine, Jack would not have
agreed to supply MGO to Martin for the Vietnam Project (see [63] above).
Moreover, through Shipmate, Bernard crewed, managed and maintained the vessels
throughout the duration of the Vietnam Project until Martin cut the plaintiff
off. In addition, save for the first instalment, which Martin paid from the
advance payment made by the cargo buyer under the Vietnam Project, the
plaintiff paid to RS Marine the hire purchase instalments (disguised as
charter hire) for the vessels. As Bernard alleged, Martin then diverted the
vessels away from MB Marine. The court not only did not find Martin to be a
credible witness, he was ungrateful and dishonest in his dealings with Bernard
and the plaintiff.

116 The defendant’s closing submissions 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

DCS at [17]–[22].

argued that the plaintiff’s account of the Vietnam Project was unbelievable.
The court disagrees. The plaintiff’s version through Bernard (and Doris Ng) of
the genesis of the Vietnam Project is more than credible, and it was
corroborated by Jack, whose testimony the court accepts as unbiased and true.
Jack has nothing to gain by siding with either party as the plaintiff
introduced him to the Vietnam Project but subsequently Martin cut the
plaintiff off and dealt directly with Bunkers Marine. Jack had disclosed 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

At [62].

that the defendant paid Bunkers Marine USD66,949,840 for supply of MGO under
the Vietnam Project. If Jack were to be biased, he would have favoured the
defendant.

117 Apart from a brief reference to Carmen, 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

DCS at [29(b)].

the defendant’s closing submissions studiously avoided all mention of Carmen’s
testimony.

(iii) Did the plaintiff take into account in the contra exercise the payments
made by the defendant of USD1,153,633.89?

118 The answer is undoubtedly yes. This was proven in the cross-examination of
Tony, who was taken through all the relevant documents and accounts by counsel
for the plaintiff. Tony agreed that the plaintiff had contra’d the defendant’s
payments save where no payment was made by the defendant or its figures were
incorrect (see [95] above).

119 In the light of the evidence adduced from the plaintiff’s witnesses,
particularly from Carmen, the court finds on more than a balance of
probabilities that the plaintiff has proven its claim of USD5,910,436.51 and
SGD5,804.50.

120 In its Reply and Defence to Counterclaim (Amendment No 1) 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

At [19].

as well as its closing submissions, 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at [136].

the plaintiff admitted to 19 of the 25 invoices claimed in para 28 of the
Defence amounting to USD4,055,632.85. Deducting USD4,055,632.85 from the
plaintiff’s claim of USD5,910,436.51, the plaintiff is awarded final judgment
with costs for the balance sum of USD1,854,803.66 as well as SGD5,804.50.
Interest is awarded on the two sums from the date of the writ (2 January 2019)
until payment.

(iv) Does the defendant have a valid counterclaim?

121 The court answers this fourth issue in the negative. The defendant’s
invoices for its alleged setoff and/or counterclaim below are unsubstantiated.

S/N| Invoice number| Amount| Court’s reason for rejecting invoice  
---|---|---|---  
1| S1807-017| USD214,576.24| No supporting evidence  
2| S1804-020 | USD49,065.08| Issued to and paid by GSM   
3| S1606-004 | SGD315,000.00 | Fabricated bareboat charter claims  
4| S1609-006 | SGD315,000.00  
5| S1612-014 | SGD315,000.00  
6| S1702-001 | SGD12,000.00  
7| S1703-024 | SGD315,000.00  
8| S1706-021 | SGD315,000.00  
  
122 Martin’s claim for charter hire allegedly due to the defendant was nothing
less than dishonest. As the plaintiff contended, the claims for charter hire
were fabricated for the sole purpose of engineering a counterclaim against the
plaintiff. This can be seen from the fact that the defendant charged for
charter hire even when the vessels “Eustance” and “Victoria Strike” were in
drydock.

123 The court’s view on the lack of bona fides of the defendant’s counterclaim
is reinforced by the following evidence which the defendant could not or did
not challenge and did not address in its closing submissions:

(a) As noted earlier (see [98]–[99] above), the defendant’s counterclaim was
not reflected as trade receivables in the defendant’s audited accounts for the
years 2016, 2017 and 2018;

(b) Neither was the plaintiff recorded as a debtor for the three years’
accounts for the supposedly huge sums it owed the defendant;

(c) Further, the plaintiff’s previous solicitors had sent a letter of demand
to the defendant dated 9 October 2018 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

AB vol 2 at 282–283.

for its claims of USD5,910,436.51 and SGD5,804.50. In its reply dated 16
October 2018 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

AB vol 2 at 284.

signed by Martin, the defendant denied owing any monies to the plaintiff but
did not state that the plaintiff owed monies to the defendant;

(d) It was only after the plaintiff filed its statement of claim on 2 January
2019 that the defendant for the first time raised the issue of its
counterclaim against the plaintiff in its defence and counterclaim filed on 25
January 2019;

(e) The defendant’s insertion of its Maybank bank particulars in the invoices
supposedly issued to the plaintiff for charter-hire was a major slip-up as the
account did not exist in 2016 and 2017 when (according to the plaintiff) the
defendant only maintained a DBS account;

(f) Neither Tony nor Kammy mentioned the charter-hire invoices in the contra
exercise between the parties from 2016 to 2018.

124 The defendant’s claim for USD250,000 was equally dishonest as the cheque
for the amount was not even issued by the defendant but came from MB Marine’s
bank account. Far East could not therefore have extended this loan to Bernard
or the plaintiff.

125 As for the claim for USD200,000 purportedly as repayment by the defendant
of a loan extended to the plaintiff by Far East, there was not one iota of
evidence to show that Far East extended this loan to the plaintiff in the
first place (apart from Derrick’s and the defendant’s bare assertions). As
observed earlier (see [66] above), the payments to Far East allegedly on the
plaintiff’s or Bernard’s behalf were also not pleaded in the defence or
counterclaim.

126 Consequently, the court dismisses the defendant’s counterclaim with costs
to the plaintiff. Both sets of costs awarded to the plaintiff are on a
standard basis to be taxed if not agreed.

Lai Siu Chiu

Senior Judge

Hua Yew Fai Terence (IRB Law LLP) for the plaintiff;

Ranjit Singh and Ravleen Kaur Khairal (Francis Khoo & Lim) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 23 Apr 2021 (09:01 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

