Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC 262

Suit No 912 of 2019

Between

| Prime Cars Leasing Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Zenith Automobile Pte Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| Lim Siew Ling  
  
… Defendants

And

(1)| Supreme Leasing & Limousine Pte Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| Heng Hong Hing  
(3)| Neo Choon Sian  
(4)| Neo Yan  
  
… Third Parties

judgment

[Contract] — [Breach]

[Companies] — [Directors] — [Duties]

[Companies] — [Directors] — [Remuneration]

[Tort] — [Conspiracy] — [Unlawful means conspiracy]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Prime Cars Leasing Pte Ltd

  
v

  

Zenith Automobile Pte Ltd and another

  
(

Supreme Leasing & Limousine Pte Ltd and others, third parties)

[2021] SGHC 262

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 912 of 2019  
Tan Siong Thye J  
13–16, 19, 21 July, 31 August, 1 September, 8 October 2021

19 November 2021 Judgment reserved.

Tan Siong Thye J:

Introduction

1 The present dispute involves members of the Neo family and their sister-in-
law, the second defendant, Ms Lim Siew Ling (“Ms Lim”) regarding their family-
run car business. Central to the dispute is that the Neo family alleges that
Ms Lim, the sole director and purported sole shareholder of the plaintiff,
Prime Cars Leasing Pte Ltd (“PCL”), breached her fiduciary duties as a
director. Ms Lim sold 14 cars belonging to PCL to the first defendant, Zenith
Automobile Pte Ltd (“Zenith”) at undervalued prices and thereafter requested
Zenith to transfer the balance of the sale proceeds for 13 of the 14 cars into
her personal account.

2 PCL is a Singapore-incorporated company in the business of leasing cars. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) (“SOC”) at para 1; First Agreed Statement
of Facts dated 9 July 2021 (“ASOF”) at para 1.

Zenith is a Singapore-incorporated company and its business is to buy and sell
used cars. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief of Tan Teck Ann (“TTA”) at para 3, see also
Singapore UEN No stated under parties’ names.

Ms Lim is the wife of the late Mr Neo Nam Kah, who died in October 2013. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief of Lim Siew Ling (“LSL”) at para 15.

The third and fourth third parties, Ms Neo Choon Sian and Ms Neo Yan
respectively (collectively, the “Neo Sisters”), 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Plaintiff’s Opening Statement (“POS”) at para 10.

as well as one Mr Neo Nam Heng (“Mr Neo”), 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Defendant’s Opening Statement (“DOS”) at para 27.

are the late Mr Neo Nam Kah’s siblings. The second third party, Mr Heng Hong
Hing (“Mr Heng”), is Ms Neo Choon Sian’s husband 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

DOS at para 12.

and the sole director of the first third party, Supreme Leasing & Limousine
Pte Ltd (“Supreme Pte Ltd”). 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief of Heng Hong Hing (“HHH”) at para 7.

3 Supreme Pte Ltd had leased 23 cars from PCL since 2017. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Transcript (15 July 2021) at p 28 lines 24 to 28.

However, from the middle of 2018, Supreme Pte Ltd ceased paying the monthly
rentals of the cars leased from PCL. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

ASOF at paras 9 and 12.

Ms Lim, who was PCL’s sole director and shareholder at that time, directed the
repossession of 13 of the 23 cars. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

ASOF at para 13.

She then directed PCL to sell 11 of the 13 repossessed cars and three other
cars belonging to PCL to Zenith, ie, a total of 14 cars. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

ASOF at para 14.

The present dispute concerns the sale of these 14 cars (the “14 Cars”). I note
that PCL sold a total of 18 cars during the relevant period. Four cars were
sold to SKL Automobile Pte Ltd (“SKL”) and Fu Ee Cars Pte Ltd (“Fu Ee”), but
these four cars are not the subject matter of the present proceedings.
Returning to the sale of the 14 Cars, a portion of the sale proceeds of the 14
Cars was used to pay off the outstanding loans to Maybank Banking Berhad
(“Maybank”) and DBS Bank Ltd (“DBS”) (collectively, “the Banks”) on these
cars. The balance sale proceeds for one of the 14 Cars was paid to PCL.
Thereafter, Ms Lim requested Zenith to transfer the balance sale proceeds for
the remaining 13 of the 14 Cars, which amounts to $289,700.47 (the “13 Cars’
Balance Sale Proceeds”), to her personal bank account. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

ASOF at paras 17 to 19.

4 The Neo Sisters became PCL’s directors on 14 December 2018 and took over its
management. On 16 January 2019 they removed Ms Lim as a director. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

ASOF at paras 4 and 5.

Thereafter, they commence the present proceedings in Suit No 912 of 2019 on 13
September 2019 and make the following allegations against Ms Lim, through PCL,
that: (a) she had no authority to cause PCL to sell the 14 Cars; (b) she sold
the 14 Cars at undervalued prices to Zenith; and (c) she unlawfully directed
Zenith to transfer the 13 Cars’ Balance Sale Proceeds to herself. Thus, the
Neo Sisters, through PCL, allege that Ms Lim had breached her director’s
fiduciary duties owed to PCL. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

SOC at paras 4, 5 and 19; POS at para 33.

The Neo Sisters, through PCL, also allege that Zenith had acted dishonestly in
assisting Ms Lim to commit these breaches of fiduciary duties and had
benefitted from the sale of the 14 Cars as they were sold to Zenith below
market value. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

SOC at para 21.

In addition, they claim, through PCL, that Zenith had benefitted from the sale
of the 14 Cars as Zenith knew that the sale was below market value. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

SOC at para 22.

PCL further alleges that by the acts stated in (b) and (c) above, Ms Lim and
Zenith had engaged in a conspiracy to cause loss to PCL by unlawful means. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

SOC at para 24; POS at para 44.

Hence, PCL claims that Ms Lim and Zenith are jointly and severally liable for
the 13 Cars’ Balance Sale Proceeds after payment to the Banks, less the
expenses Ms Lim had paid to PCL, which is $242,486.83. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

SOC at pp 8 to 9; Transcript (16 July 2021) at p 88 lines 25 to 31; Affidavit
of Evidence-in-Chief of Yeo Kah Wee Alex (“YKWA”) at p 11.

5 Ms Lim’s defence is as follows: (a) she, as the sole director of PCL had the
authority to sell the 14 Cars; 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Ms Lim’s Defence and Counterclaim Amendment No 1 (“DCC”) at para 12.

(b) the sale of the 14 Cars to Zenith was not at an undervalued price; 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

DOS at para 79.

(c) she was acting in PCL’s best interests when she directed the repossession
of 13 of the 23 cars and the sale of the 14 Cars; and (d) it was not unlawful
to request Zenith to transfer the 13 Cars’ Balance Sale Proceeds to her
personal bank account. Ms Lim explains that PCL had outstanding bank loans at
that time because the Neo Sisters had instructed Mr Heng to stop Supreme Pte
Ltd from making monthly payments for the 23 cars leased from PCL. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

DOS at para 46.

This caused a financial crisis for PCL, as the monthly payments for the 23
cars by Supreme Pte Ltd were used to offset what PCL owed the Banks.
Therefore, if the 13 Cars’ Balance Sale Proceeds had been deposited into PCL’s
bank accounts, the moneys would not have been available to make withdrawals to
pay operating expenses such as insurance premiums, road tax, repairs, and
other expenses. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

DOS at para 80.

Hence, Ms Lim transferred the 13 Cars’ Balance Sale Proceeds to her personal
bank account so that she could make payments on behalf of PCL. She also
alleges that the 13 Cars’ Balance Sale Proceeds were used to reimburse her for
salary and transport allowance as director of PCL. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

DOS at para 81.

From the time of PCL’s incorporation, Ms Lim had only been drawing a salary
from a related company, Prime Cars Credit Pte Ltd (“PCC”) and not PCL. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Transcript (1 September 2021) at p 73 lines 13 to 16.

The Neo Sisters stopped this salary from May 2018. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Transcript (1 September 2021) at p 14 line 26 to p 15 line 4; p 16 line 23 to
p 17 line 7.

Ms Lim claims that, on top of the aforementioned salary owed by PCC, she is
also entitled to a salary due from PCL. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Transcript (31 August 2021) at p 32 lines 29 to 32.

Hence, this forms part of Ms Lim’s counterclaim against PCL. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

DCC at Annex C.

Her expenditure on behalf of PCL and the sums she claims that PCL owes her
exceed the quantum of the 13 Cars’ Balance Sale Proceeds. Thus, Ms Lim
counterclaims the sum of $169,721.30. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

DCC at para 11.

6 Ms Lim has a third party action against Supreme Pte Ltd, Mr Heng and the Neo
Sisters as, according to her, they had intentionally caused Supreme Pte Ltd to
withhold the monthly rental payments due to PCL and thereby caused PCL’s
losses. Thus, she alleges that the acts complained of by PCL were the
consequences of the third parties’ actions and the third parties should be
responsible for PCL’s losses, if proven. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Third Party Notice in Set Down Bundle (“SDB”) at p 49; HC/ORC 4693/2020 in SDB
at p 46.

7 I shall now pause to explain the background surrounding the disputes between
Ms Lim and the Neo Sisters for a better appreciation of this case.

Background to the dispute

8 Ms Lim and the Neo Sisters had a host of long-standing disputes with several
court actions, including their dispute regarding share ownership in PCL. Most
of the disputes are not relevant to the present proceedings and the parties
attempted to inundate this court with those disputes. I shall briefly set out
the various companies that the parties had incorporated.

The management of the Prime Cars Group

9 The Prime Cars Group comprises four entities. The principal entity is PCC.
The three other entities are PCL, Supreme Pte Ltd, and Supreme Leasing and
Limousine Services (“Supreme Services”). 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

DCC at Annex A; DOS at para 21.

Ms Lim and the Neo Sisters were involved in all four entities to some degree
by direct or indirect ownership and/or by management. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

DCC at Annex A.

The parties, being lay persons, have loosely regarded PCL, Supreme Pte Ltd and
Supreme Services as “subsidiaries” of PCC and the former three entities used
funds from PCC for their activities. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

DOS at para 21.

In respect of PCL, since its incorporation in 2015, its business was conducted
at PCC’s office and all its files and records were kept at PCC’s office and in
PCC’s office computers. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

ASOF at para 6.

PCL had no staff of its own and used PCC’s staff for its business operations.
34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Transcript (15 July 2021) at p 32 lines 19 to 25.

The four entities largely did not operate strictly as separate companies as
there were sharing of resources and staff. The funds also moved easily within
the Prime Cars Group.

10 PCC was incorporated in 2006 with the late Mr Neo Nam Kah (Ms Lim’s
husband), Ms Neo Choon Sian and Ms Neo Yan holding its shares in the ratio of
40:35:25 respectively. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

POS at para 10; DOS at para 11.

The late Mr Neo Nam Kah was PCC’s sole director at that time. After Mr Neo Nam
Kah’s demise in October 2013, Ms Lim inherited his shares in PCC 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

POS at para 11; DOS at para 15.

and was appointed a director along with the Neo Sisters. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

DOS at para 14.

11 In 2014, Supreme Services was incorporated as a sole proprietorship. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

DOS at para 21(ii).

The parties agree that although Supreme Services was registered under Mr
Heng’s sole name, Mr Heng informally held his interest in Supreme Services for
the benefit of Ms Lim and the Neo Sisters. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Transcript (13 July 2021) at p 30 lines 21 to 24; DOS at para 21(ii).

12 In 2015, Ms Lim informed the Neo Sisters that PCC needed to increase its
share capital by issuing 300,000 shares so that it could secure additional
finance facilities. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

POS at para 12; DOS at para 39.

They agreed that the new shares would be issued to Ms Lim, Ms Neo Choon Sian,
and Ms Neo Yan in the ratio of 40:35:25. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

POS at para 14; DOS at paras 39 and 58.

13 PCL was incorporated on 27 March 2015 with Ms Lim as its sole director and
sole shareholder of 1,000 shares. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

ASOF at paras 1 and 3; DOS at para 21(i).

A few months later, PCL issued an additional 100,000 shares in Ms Lim’s name.
43

##### Foot Note 43

×

DOS at para 21(i).

Ms Lim acknowledges that at the time of incorporation, there was an internal
understanding that the shareholding in PCL for Ms Lim, Ms Neo Choon Sian and
Ms Neo Yan would be 40:35:25 respectively. However, for convenience, Ms Lim
was registered as the sole shareholder. Ms Lim claims that this follows the
same arrangement as Supreme Services where Mr Heng was registered as a sole
proprietor, but he was nevertheless holding the interest in Supreme Services
for the benefit of Ms Lim and the Neo Sisters (see [11] above). She further
claims that the Neo Sisters were aware of the foregoing. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Transcript (1 September 2021) at p 80 line 24 to p 81 line 26.

14 In 2017, Supreme Pte Ltd was incorporated with Mr Heng as its sole
director. Ms Lim, Ms Neo Choon Sian and Ms Neo Yan held shares in Supreme Pte
Ltd in the ratio of 40:35:25 respectively. Supreme Pte Ltd leased cars from
PCL at rates that were cheaper than the market rates. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

DOS at para 21(iii).

PCL had taken out loans from Maybank (the “Maybank Loan Facility”) and DBS
(the “DBS Loan Facility”) (collectively, the “Loan Facilities”) to fund the
purchase of the cars that were leased to Supreme Pte Ltd and other customers.
46

##### Foot Note 46

×

LSL at para 30; DOS at para 47.

Ms Lim was the sole guarantor for the Maybank Loan Facility and she was a
joint guarantor with Neo Nam Heng for the DBS Loan Facility. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

ASOF at para 11; DOS at para 47.

When leasing the cars, Supreme Pte Ltd would take possession of them but the
ownership of the cars would remain with PCL. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

ASOF at para 9.

There was a back-to-back arrangement in that all payments that Supreme Pte Ltd
received from its hirers were paid to PCL and PCL, in turn, paid Maybank and
DBS (collectively referred to as the “Banks”) for the mortgage on the cars.
PCL also had to pay for other operating expenses such as road tax, insurance
premiums, and other expenses for maintenance of the cars. Hence, Ms Lim
alleges that PCL did not profit from this arrangement. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

ASOF at para 10; LSL at para 31.

Disputes regarding the issuance of the additional shares in PCC and PCL

15 In February 2018, there were disputes regarding the issuance of the
additional shares in PCC and PCL. The Neo Sisters alleged that the additional
shares in PCC and PCL were not issued in accordance with the earlier
understanding of 40:35:25, ie, 40% to Ms Lim, 35% to Ms Neo Choon Sian, and
25% to Ms Neo Yan. Instead, all the additional shares were in Ms Lim’s name.
50

##### Foot Note 50

×

POS at para 14; LSL at para 70.

The Neo Sisters discovered that Ms Lim had (a) unilaterally issued the 300,000
shares in PCC to herself such that she then owned a 62.55% interest in PCC;
and (b) issued the 100,000 shares in PCL to herself. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

POS at para 14.

The Neo Sisters, subsequently, confronted Ms Lim on 6 March 2018. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

POS at para 16.

Ms Lim agreed to regularise the shares according to the ratio of 40:35:25 and
this was done a few months later.

Supreme Pte Ltd stopped payment of the monthly rentals of leased cars to PCL

16 Meanwhile in May 2018, Supreme Pte Ltd was in possession of 23 cars that it
had previously leased from PCL, and which it rented out to private-hire car
drivers. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

ASOF at para 9; Transcript (15 July 2021) at p 28 lines 19 to 28.

At that time, Supreme Pte Ltd stopped paying PCL the monthly rentals on these
23 cars leased from PCL. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

ASOF at para 12; Transcript (15 July 2021) at p 24 lines 7 to 10 (Neo Choon
Sian); p 41 lines 25 to 28 (Mr Heng); p 42 lines 13 to 19 (Mr Heng).

This was done pursuant to the Neo Sisters’ instructions to Mr Heng, the sole
director of Supreme Pte Ltd, without informing Ms Lim. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Transcript (13 July 2021) at p 28 lines 11 to 30; HHH at para 11.

Ms Neo Choon Sian explained that, according to the records of the Accounting
and Corporate Regulatory Authority (“ACRA”), Ms Lim was the sole shareholder
of PCL. Thus, the Neo Sisters did not wish to pay PCL as they did not know
whether “after paying her the money” Ms Lim would “do something that will
damage the interest of the company”. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Transcript (13 July 2021) at p 29, lines 8 to 10.

Despite several reminders from PCL, Supreme Pte Ltd refused to pay the monthly
rentals for the 23 cars leased from PCL. Prior to this, Supreme Pte Ltd had
made monthly payments under the lease agreements with PCL. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Transcript (13 July 2021) at p 28 line 31 to p 29 line 3.

As a result of Supreme Pte Ltd’s non-payment, PCL was unable to pay its debts
under the Loan Facilities and was also unable to pay other expenses such as
insurance premiums in respect of the 23 cars leased from PCL. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

DOS at para 46.

The Neo Sisters and Mr Heng were fully aware of the implications of not paying
PCL. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Transcript (13 July 2021) at p 38 line 30 to p 39 line 3; Transcript (15 July
2021) at p 43 line 31 to p 44 line 17.

Ms Lim had to pay these outstanding sums with her own moneys. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

DCC at para 10.

The sale of PCL’s cars

17 Subsequently, in August 2018, Ms Lim, as director of PCL, repossessed 13 of
the 23 cars leased to Supreme Pte Ltd. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

ASOF at para 13.

Between 26 July 2018 and 23 August 2018, Ms Lim, through PCL, sold the 14 Cars
to Zenith for a sum of $1,085,000. These 14 Cars comprise 11 of the 13 cars
that were repossessed from Supreme Pte Ltd and three other cars that were
previously leased to other lessees. A list of cars sold by PCL from July to
October 2018 is set out in Annex A of this Judgment. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

ASOF at para 14.

From the sale of the 14 Cars, a sum of $291,373.22 was supposed to be paid by
Zenith to PCL after deduction of the outstanding loans to the Banks for these
cars. However, Ms Lim requested Zenith to only transfer $1,672.75 to PCL for
the sale of vehicle SLK7529X and to transfer the remaining sum of $289,700.47
(ie, the 13 Cars’ Balance Sale Proceeds) to herself. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

POS at para 23; ASOF at paras 18 to 19,

The Neo Sisters took control of PCL from Ms Lim

18 On 12 October 2018, Ms Lim transferred her shares in both PCC and PCL to
the Neo Sisters so that they held PCL shares in the ratio of 40% for Ms Lim,
35% for Ms Neo Choon Sian and 25% for Ms Neo Yan. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

ASOF at para 2; POS at para 4; DOS at para 58.

On 14 December 2018, the Neo Sisters became PCL’s directors. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

ASOF at para 4.

They then removed Ms Lim as a director of PCL on 16 January 2019. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

ASOF at para 5.

19 On 28 August 2019, Ms Neo Choon Sian discovered that the 13 Cars’ Balance
Sale Proceeds of $289,700.47 was not transferred to PCL. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Transcript (15 July 2021) at p 25, lines 8 to 12.

Consequently, the Neo Sisters, through PCL, commenced the present proceedings.
68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Writ of Summons at SDB at p 3.

The parties’ cases

The plaintiff’s case

20 In essence, PCL’s case is based on three claims.

21 Firstly, PCL alleges that Ms Lim had no authority to sell the 14 Cars to
Zenith and to thereafter request Zenith to transfer the 13 Cars’ Balance Sale
Proceeds to her personal bank account. The 13 Cars’ Balance Sale Proceeds
constitute the remaining sum after due payments were made to Maybank and DBS
to discharge the loans taken out on each of the 14 Cars. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

SOC at para 19(b).

PCL alleges that Ms Lim only owned 40% of the shares in PCL, notwithstanding
that the ACRA records reflected that she was a 100% shareholder in PCL. Thus,
Ms Lim did not have the authority to dispose of the 14 Cars which were PCL’s
assets, without the consent of the Neo Sisters whose combined shares made them
the majority shareholders. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

POS at para 42.

22 Secondly, PCL alleges that Ms Lim sold the 14 Cars to Zenith at a
“significant[ly] undervalue[d]” price that was approximately 10% lower than
the cars’ market value. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

SOC at paras 13 and 19; POS at para 33.

23 Thirdly, after paying off the outstanding loans on the 14 Cars to the
Banks, Ms Lim should not have directed Zenith to transfer the 13 Cars’ Balance
Sale Proceeds to herself. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

SOC at para 19.

24 PCL alleges that by the above actions, Ms Lim has breached her fiduciary
duties owed to PCL as a director. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

POS at paras 33 to 36.

PCL further alleges that Zenith had failed to conduct itself as a reasonable
and honest buyer of PCL’s cars given the suspicious request of Ms Lim to
transfer some of the balance sale proceeds of the 14 Cars, which was
substantial, to her personal account. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

POS at paras 31 and 32.

25 With reference to the second point above, PCL claims in the alternative
that Zenith knew that the 14 Cars were sold at significantly undervalued
prices. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

SOC at para 22; POS at para 33.

26 With reference to the second and third points above, PCL claims in the
alternative that Zenith and Ms Lim had, wrongfully and with intent to injure
PCL and/or to cause loss to PCL, conspired to defraud PCL by unlawful means.
76

##### Foot Note 76

×

SOC at para 24; POS at para 44.

27 At the commencement of the trial, PCL claimed that the defendants are
jointly and severally liable for the 13 Cars’ Balance Sale Proceeds of
$289,700.47 that was transferred to Ms Lim’s personal bank account and the
loss arising from the difference in value between the sale prices of the 14
Cars and the market value at the time of sale. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

SOC at pp 8 to 9 paras (1)(a)–(e).

During the trial, PCL’s counsel acknowledged that PCL’s expenses that were
incurred and paid by Ms Lim, ie, $47,213.64, should be deducted from PCL’s
claim. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions (“PCS”) at para 137(a).

Thus, instead of claiming $289,700.47, PCL lowers its claim to a sum of
$242,486.83. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

Transcript (16 July 2021) at p 88 lines 25 to 31; YKWA at p 11.

The defendants’ case

28 In its defence, Zenith does not dispute that Ms Lim owed PCL fiduciary
duties during the period that she served as PCL’s director. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Zenith’s Defence (“ZD”) at para 2.

However, Zenith claims that it purchased the 14 Cars at fair market value and
that “there is no basis for [PCL] to make a claim for any other value”. Zenith
also claims that it transacted with PCL through Ms Lim. The transfer of the 13
Cars’ Balance Sale Proceeds to Ms Lim’s personal bank account was done
pursuant to Ms Lim’s instructions and after Zenith checked with ACRA records
which showed that Ms Lim was PCL’s sole director and shareholder. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

TTA at paras 8, 9 and 16.

29 Ms Lim’s defence is that, as the sole director of PCL at the material time,
she had the authority to sell the 14 Cars belonging to PCL to Zenith 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

DCC at para 12.

as PCL at that time was facing financial difficulties. This dire liquidity
problem was caused by the Neo Sisters who had instructed Mr Heng to cease the
monthly payments of the 23 cars that Supreme Pte Ltd had leased from PCL. The
sale of the 14 Cars to Zenith was transacted at arm’s length. The sale prices
of these cars were the market dealers’ price and not an undervalued price. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

DOS at para 79.

30 Ms Lim claims that she acted in the best interests of PCL when she
repossessed 13 cars from Supreme Pte Ltd and sold the 14 Cars. She also acted
in the best interests of PCL when she transferred the 13 Cars’ Balance Sale
Proceeds of $289,700.47 to her personal bank account instead of PCL’s bank
accounts after making the relevant payments to the Banks. At that time, PCL
was facing serious financial difficulties as PCL had taken out the Loan
Facilities for the cars that were leased to Supreme Pte Ltd. When Supreme Pte
Ltd stopped the monthly rental payments to PCL on the 23 cars, PCL suffered
heavy losses. Consequently, PCL had no funds to service the Loan Facilities
granted by the Banks. Thus, Ms Lim alleges that she had no alternative but to
repossess those 13 cars and sell the 14 Cars in order to obtain funds to pay
the Banks and other operating expenses. However, because of PCL’s debts to the
Banks, any deposit of moneys into the said Banks would be used by the Banks to
offset the debts. The Banks would not allow PCL to make withdrawals to pay for
operating expenses such as insurance premiums, road tax, etc. Hence, Ms Lim
arranged for the 13 Cars’ Balance Sale Proceeds of $289,700.47 to be
transferred to her personal bank account instead. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

DOS at para 80.

Therefore, Ms Lim argues that she was not in breach of her fiduciary duties
owed to PCL as its director. Zenith also denies that it had dishonestly
assisted Ms Lim to commit such breach. Ms Lim and Zenith argue that they did
not conspire to defraud and injure PCL. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

DOS at paras 79 and 80.

31 Ms Lim has a counterclaim against PCL. She alleges that after using the
sale proceeds of the 14 Cars to service the Loan Facilities of the Banks and
to pay various other expenses owed by PCL, 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

DOS at para 82(ii).

PCL still owes her a sum of $169,721.30 which includes her director’s
remuneration and transport allowance. She alleges that from 20 July 2018 to 28
February 2019, she had paid for PCL’s Loan Facilities and other expenses using
her own moneys. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

DCC at para 11 and Annex C; Exhibit D1.

In addition, PCL has not paid Ms Lim her director’s salary from the beginning
of 2017 to February 2019. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

Exhibit D1.

This sum exceeds the 13 Cars’ Balance Sale Proceeds of $289,700.47 that she
had received from the sale of the 14 Cars. Hence, Ms Lim counterclaims for the
sum of $169,721.30 allegedly owed to her by PCL. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

Transcript (14 July 2021) at p 51 lines 4 to 16, p 65 lines 19 to 29.

In Ms Lim’s original defence and counterclaim, she claimed for $163,721.30. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

Ms Lim’s Defence and Counterclaim at p 12.

However, parties’ counsel acknowledged at the trial that there was a shortfall
of $6,000 which should be added to Ms Lim’s counterclaim. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

Transcript (16 July 2021) at p 10 lines 10 to 21; p 11 lines 23 to 30.

Third party action

32 Ms Lim also commenced a third party action against Supreme Pte Ltd, Mr Heng
and the Neo Sisters. She alleges that the Neo Sisters instructed Mr Heng, who
is the director of Supreme Pte Ltd, to withhold the monthly rental payments
for the 23 cars leased from PCL knowing that it would cause PCL financial
difficulties and losses. Hence, PCL had tremendous difficulties in meeting its
financial obligations to the Banks and other creditors. Ms Lim also claims
that, in respect of the remaining 10 cars that PCL leased to Supreme Pte Ltd,
she could not repossess those cars as their location was concealed by Mr Heng
and the Neo Sisters. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

SDB at p 59.

As a result, PCL suffered further losses. Ms Lim claims that the acts
complained against her by PCL (see [21]–[23] above) were the consequences of
Supreme Pte Ltd’s, Mr Heng’s and the Neo Sisters' actions. Thus, Ms Lim
alleges that they should be held responsible for PCL’s losses, if proven. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

Third Party Notice in SDB at p 49; HC/ORC 4693/2020 in SDB at p 46.

Issues to be determined

33 The following are the issues in this case:

(a) Did Ms Lim breach her fiduciary duties owed to PCL as a director when she
repossessed the 13 cars from Supreme Pte Ltd and sold the 14 Cars to Zenith?
The sub-issues are:-

(i) Did Ms Lim sell the 14 Cars at undervalued prices to Zenith?

(ii) Did Ms Lim act honestly and discharge her duties with reasonable
diligence as PCL’s director when she requested Zenith to transfer the 13 Cars’
Balance Sale Proceeds, ie, $289,700.47, to her personal bank account instead
of PCL’s?

(iii) If Ms Lim is not entitled to any part of the 13 Cars’ Balance Sale
Proceeds in her counterclaim, was she in breach of her fiduciary duties when
she retained the 13 Cars’ Balance Sale Proceeds prior to the commencement of
the present proceedings?

(b) Did Zenith dishonestly assist Ms Lim in committing the alleged breach of
her fiduciary duties?

(c) Did Zenith buy the 14 Cars from PCL at substantially undervalued prices,
knowing that Ms Lim was in breach of her fiduciary duties?

(d) Were Ms Lim and Zenith engaged in a conspiracy to defraud and injure PCL
by unlawful means?

(e) Is Ms Lim entitled to her counterclaim?

34 I shall consider each of these issues in turn.

My decision

Did Ms Lim breach her fiduciary duties owed to PCL as a director when she
repossessed the 13 cars from Supreme Pte Ltd and sold the 14 Cars to Zenith?

The fiduciary duties of a director

(1) The applicable law

35 Section 157(1) of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) stipulates the
duties and responsibilities of a director. It states that “[a] director shall
at all times act honestly and use reasonable diligence in the discharge of the
duties of his office.” This means that a director has to, at all times, act
honestly and use reasonable diligence. Thus, the director has to act bona fide
to promote or advance the interests of the company: see Ho Kang Peng v
Scintronix Corp Ltd (formerly known as TTL Holdings Ltd) [2014] 3 SLR 329
(“Scintronix”) at [35], citing Multi-Pak Singapore Pte Ltd (in receivership) v
Intraco Ltd and others [1994] 1 SLR(R) 513 (“Multi-Pak”) at [22] with
approval.

36 In this regard, the Court of Appeal has clarified in Goh Chan Peng and
others v Beyonics Technology Ltd and another and another appeal [2017] 2 SLR
592 that the applicable test is partly objective and partly subjective: at
[35]–[36]. The court elaborated as follows:

35 … The subjective element lies in the court’s consideration as to whether a
director had exercised his discretion bona fide in what he considered (and not
what the court considers) is in the interests of the company: Re Smith &
Fawcett Ltd [1942] Ch 304 at 306, as accepted by this court in Cheong Kim Hock
v Lin Securities (Pte) [1992] 1 SLR(R) 497 at [26] and in Ho Kang Peng v
Scintronix Corp Ltd [2014] 3 SLR 329 (“Ho Kang Peng”) at [37]. Thus, a court
will be slow to interfere with commercial decisions made honestly but which,
on hindsight, were financially detrimental to the company.

36 The objective element in the test relates to the court’s supervision over
directors who claim to have been genuinely acting to promote the company’s
interests even though, objectively, the transactions were not in the company’s
interests. The subjective belief of the directors cannot determine the issue:
the court has to assess whether an intelligent and honest man in the position
of a director of the company concerned could, in the whole of the existing
circumstances, have reasonably believed that the transactions were for the
benefit of the company. This is the test set out in Charterbridge Corporation
Ltd v Lloyds Bank Ltd [1970] Ch 62 (at 74) and it has been applied here since
adopted by this court in Intraco Ltd v Multi-Pak Singapore Pte Ltd [1994] 3
SLR(R) 1064 (at [28]). Thus, “where the transaction is not objectively in the
company’s interests, a judge may very well draw an inference that the
directors were not acting honestly”: Walter Woon on Company Law (Tan Cheng Han
gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, Revised 3rd Ed, 2009) (“Walter Woon”) at para 8.36,
referred to in Ho Kang Peng at [38]. It is thus observed in Walter Woon at
para 8.36 that in practice the courts often apply a more objective test
although the test is theoretically subjective.

37 Section 157(1) of the Companies Act further provides that a director has to
use reasonable diligence in the discharge of his director’s duties. As
explained in Scintronix at [42], this provision is in turn based on the
director’s fiduciary duties at common law: see Cheam Tat Pang and another v
Public Prosecutor [1996] 1 SLR(R) 161 at [19]. With regard to the standard
required for the director’s discharge of his duties, the Court of Appeal in
Scintronix (at [42]) approved of the position in Lim Weng Kee v Public
Prosecutor [2002] 2 SLR(R) 848 at [28]:

… [T]he civil standard of care and diligence expected of a director is
objective, namely, whether he has exercised the same degree of care and
diligence as a reasonable director found in his position. This standard is not
fixed but a continuum depending on various factors such as the individual’s
role in the company, the type of decision being made, the size and the
business of the company. However, it is important to note that, unlike the
traditional approach, this standard will not be lowered to accommodate any
inadequacies in the individual’s knowledge or experience. The standard will
however be raised if he held himself out to possess or in fact possesses some
special knowledge or experience.

[emphasis in original]

38 Further, in Walter Woon on Company Law (Tan Cheng Han gen ed) (Sweet &
Maxwell, Revised 3rd Ed, 2009) (“Walter Woon”) at para 8.21, the learned
authors state as follows:

In a modern context, this rule is possibly better stated as a duty to ensure
that whatever transactions are authorised by the board or by individual
directors must be commercially justifiable from the company’s point of view.
‘Commercially justifiable’ does not mean that profits must be maximised in all
cases. Directors are allowed to take a wider view of what the company’s
interests are. Thus, a transaction that seems on the face of it to be a bad
one may be commercially justifiable if it leads to other intangible benefits
for the company. …

39 Section 157(1) is not an exhaustive statement of a director’s duties as s
157(4) provides that s 157 is “in addition to and not in derogation of any
other written law or rule of law relating to the duty or liability of
directors or officers of a company”. At common law, a director, being a
fiduciary to a company, must account to the company for any unauthorised
benefit or profit he obtained through his fiduciary position: see Wyno Marine
Pte Ltd (In Liquidation) v Lim Teck Cheng and Others (Koh Chye Heng and
Others, Third Parties) [1998] SGHC 332 at [33], citing Regal (Hastings) Ltd v
Gulliver [1967] 2 AC 134 with approval.

(2) Did Ms Lim have the authority to sell the 14 Cars to Zenith?

(A) The applicable law

40 It is trite that the management of a company principally rests with its
board of directors and not its shareholders.

41 This legal position is clearly stipulated under s 157A of the Companies Act
which provides that “[t]he business of a company shall be managed by, or under
the direction or supervision of, the directors” [emphasis added]. Section
157A(2) provides that “[t]he directors may exercise all the powers of a
company except any power that [the Companies Act] or the constitution of the
company requires the company to exercise in general meeting”. Indeed, case law
elucidates that s 157A(1) “hands the directors a general right of management”
and encapsulates “a basic principle of company law that a company’s powers of
management are reserved to its board of directors, and not its shareholders”:
see Independent State of Papua New Guinea v PNG Sustainable Development
Program Ltd [2020] SLR 200 (“PNG Sustainable Development”) at [31] and TYC
Investment Pte Ltd and others v Tay Yun Chwan Henry and another [2014] 4 SLR
1149 (“TYC SGHC”) at [1].

42 However, I note that s 157A does not provide for a statutory division of
powers as it “establishes a default rule which may be varied by the company’s
articles”: TYC SGHC at [86]–[87], citing Walter Woon at p 150 with approval.
Hence, the division of powers between the board of directors and the
shareholders in a general meeting is governed by contract, ie, by the
company’s constitution: Chan Siew Lee v TYC Investment Pte Ltd and others and
another appeal [2015] 5 SLR 409 at [36]. Nevertheless, the language of s 157A
“is mirrored in the model constitutions for private companies limited by
shares and companies limited by guarantee in the First and Second Schedules to
the Companies (Model Constitutions) Regulations 2015 (S 833/2015)”: PNG
Sustainable Development at [31]. Accordingly, in most cases, the division of
powers contemplated under s 157A would apply as a matter of contract. It thus
follows that, generally, the management of a company rest with its board of
directors.

(B) My findings

43 Ms Lim sold a total of 18 cars to Zenith, SKL and Fu Ee between July and
October 2018 (see Annex A of this Judgment). Three cars were sold to SKL and
one car to Fu Ee. These four cars are not the subject matter of the present
proceedings and PCL is not taking issue with Ms Lim as regards the sale of
these four cars. The subject matter of the present proceedings relates to the
sale of the 14 Cars to Zenith. The main and, perhaps, the sole reason why the
Neo Sisters, through PCL, take objection to the sale of the 14 Cars to Zenith
is that the 13 Cars’ Balance Sale Proceeds (ie, the remaining sum after
payment to the Banks) were transferred to Ms Lim’s personal bank account.
Without a satisfactory explanation, this may appear suspicious and improper.
As a corollary, PCL alleges that the 14 Cars were sold at substantially
undervalued prices and that there was a conspiracy between Ms Lim and Zenith
to defraud and injure PCL. I shall deal with these allegations in detail
below.

44 I shall now consider the issue of whether Ms Lim had the authority to sell
the 14 Cars to Zenith. It should be noted that PCL did not allege that Ms Lim
did not have the authority to sell the four cars to SKL and Fu Ee although it
alleges that she had no authority to sell the 14 Cars to Zenith. The balance
of the sale proceeds of the four cars were deposited into PCL’s bank accounts.
This is why PCL is not questioning Ms Lim’s authority to sell the four cars
and only questions her authority to sell the 14 Cars to Zenith. What is sauce
for the goose is sauce for the gander.

45 Be that as it may, PCL contends that because Ms Lim only held a de facto
40% share in PCL since its incorporation (which Ms Lim accepts), 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

Transcript (19 July 2021) at p 67 lines 2 to 6.

against the Neo Sisters’ combined shares of 60% in PCL, Ms Lim did not have
the authority to dispose of PCL’s assets without their consent as they were
the majority shareholders. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

POS at para 42.

However, at the time the PCL cars were sold to Zenith, Ms Lim was the sole
director of PCL. Therefore, she had the authority to sell the 14 Cars to
Zenith. As I have stated above, the operation, management and running of PCL
rests with its director and not its shareholders (see [40]–[42] above).
Furthermore, the share ownership in PCL (where Ms Lim received 40%) was only
regularised in October 2018, after the 14 Cars were sold.

46 At the trial, PCL’s counsel argued that if Ms Lim wanted to do something
that was not in PCL’s interests, she should have sought the Neo Sisters’
consent as they were the de facto majority shareholders. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

Transcript (19 July 2021) at p 68 lines 6 to 8.

Unlike the argument above, this argument is not premised on the issue of
authority or on the ratification of a contract made by an agent acting without
authority. Rather, it is premised on the shareholders’ release of a director
from his fiduciary duties either by prior agreement or subsequent
ratification.

47 In the first place, this suggestion by PCL’s counsel is absurd and
unfeasible. At the time of PCL’s sale of the 14 Cars, there was a deep-seated
animosity between Ms Lim on the one hand and the Neo Sisters and Mr Heng on
the other hand. Mr Heng and the Neo Sisters deliberately directed Supreme Pte
Ltd to stop the monthly rental payments with the intention to cause
concomitant financial problems to PCL. Hence, it is ludicrous to expect Ms Lim
to seek the Neo Sisters’ consent when she knew that such consent, in all
likelihood, could not have been obtained.

48 Nevertheless, if a director commits an illegal act, shareholders of a
company cannot, by a resolution passed by the majority of shareholders,
release a director from his fiduciary duties pertaining to that act by prior
agreement or by subsequent ratification: Walter Woon at paras 9.18, 9.19 and
9.21. The statutory duty of a director is embodied in s 157(1) of the
Companies Act. Section 157(3) of the Companies Act prescribes criminal
penalties for a director who commits a breach of the provisions of s 157:

…

An officer or agent who commits a breach of any of the provisions of this
section shall be —

(a) liable to the company for any profit made by him or for any damage
suffered by the company as a result of the breach of any of those provisions;
and

(b) guilty of an offence and shall be liable on conviction to a fine not
exceeding $5,000 or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding 12 months.

Hence, if Ms Lim had breached the statutory duty and acted against the
interests of PCL by failing to act honestly and with reasonable diligence, the
consent of the Neo Sisters could not have ratified Ms Lim’s breach
notwithstanding that they were the de facto majority shareholders.

49 I, therefore, find that Ms Lim, as the sole director of PCL at the material
time, had the authority to sell the 14 Cars and she did not breach any
director’s fiduciary duties owed to PCL.

Did Ms Lim sell the 14 Cars at undervalued prices?

50 PCL claims that if the 14 Cars were sold to direct buyers in the open
market instead of Zenith, they would have fetched better prices (approximately
10% more). 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

SOC at para 13; Transcript (15 July 2021) at p 65 lines 14 to 19.

Mr Heng provided his calculations of the market prices for sales to direct
buyers for each of the 14 Cars to support this claim. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

HHH at p 38.

He compared the total sale proceeds of the 14 Cars sold to Zenith at a total
sum of $1,085,000 (see Annex A of this Judgment) with his total direct sale
prices of the 14 Cars, which was $1,192,726. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

HHH at p 38.

Mr Heng’s figure is approximately 10% above the aggregate of Zenith’s purchase
sum of $1,085,000.

51 Mr Heng admitted that when cars were sold to car dealers instead of
individuals in the open market, the sale price would generally be 5% to 10%
lower: 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

Transcript (16 July 2021) at p 33 line 24 to p 36 line 4.

Q: Now, witness, do you agree that a dealer’s price is not equivalent to the
open market price, correct?

A: Yes.

Q: So when a dealer buys, he would of course want---it won’t be the market
price but it will be substantially lower, 10% you mentioned earlier on. You
recall? Do you confirm how much lower it will be?

A: Depend on what type of car.

Q: Right.

A: Depend on what type of car.

Q: Would you be able to tell us?

...

A: Smaller car normally is … mainly is 5 to 10 percent sometime. If bigger
car, maybe 10%. 5 to 10 percent also, around there.

…

Q: Now, you have said that for smaller cars, it’s 5 to 10 percent. So what is
the percentage for the bigger cars?

A: It’s around there also, about 5 to 10 percent, depend on the market.

Court: Depend on the?

A: They made---depend on the market supply.

...

Court: 5 to 10 percent lower than the market price, is it?

…

Court: Mr Heng?

A: Yah, correct.

Furthermore, he agreed that a dealer’s price had to be lower because a dealer
had to bear the costs of repairing and refurbishing the used car, so that it
can then resell it. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

Transcript (16 July 2021) at p 41 lines 13 to 31.

The dealer also had to factor in his profit. Mr Tan Teck Ann (“Mr Tan”), the
sole director and shareholder of Zenith, also said the dealers’ price had to
be about 10% lower than the open market price. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

Transcript (19 July 2021) at p 26 lines 1 to 8.

Given the evidence of Mr Heng and Mr Tan, PCL’s case that Ms Lim sold the 14
Cars at a “significant[ly] undervalue[d]” price to Zenith cannot stand.

52 Indeed, Ms Lim explained that she did not sell PCL’s cars to members of the
public because she would have to incur additional costs and time to groom the
cars before the public would buy the second-hand cars. Most customers also
could not pay the full price of the car upfront and they had to take loans;
however, Ms Lim urgently needed to settle PCL’s liabilities with the Banks
before the car could be transferred to the buyer. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

Transcript (1 September 2021) at p 75 line 7 to p 76 line 1.

Hence, it would not have been feasible for Ms Lim to sell PCL’s cars on the
open market. I find her explanation to be reasonable.

53 Mr Heng suggested in cross-examination that Ms Lim should have procured the
sale of the 14 Cars to PCC instead of Zenith. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

Transcript (15 July 2021) at p 64 lines 7 to 18.

Given the acrimonious and unique circumstances, this is an inane suggestion.
As I have already noted (see [47] above), Mr Heng and the Neo Sisters created
PCL’s financial problems when they intentionally caused Supreme Pte Ltd to
stop the monthly rental payments knowing full well that this would cause
concomitant financial problems to PCL. Since there was such a rancorous
relationship between the parties, it is absurd to expect Ms Lim to sell the 14
Cars to PCC, a company which was largely under the Neo Sisters’ control. Even
if Ms Lim had done so, it is plausible that the 14 Cars would have been
concealed by PCC in the same way that the Neo Sisters had concealed the 10
cars from PCL and no payment would have been made to PCL, given the animosity
and distrust between Ms Lim and the Neo Sisters.

54 I am satisfied that the sale of the 14 Cars was transacted at arm’s length.
Mr Tan of Zenith 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

Transcript (19 July 2021) at p 10 lines 26 to 28.

did not know Ms Lim prior to the sale of the 14 Cars to Zenith. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

Transcript (19 July 2021) at p 20 lines 1 to 6.

Mr Tan claims that the first three cars sold to Zenith (see S/N 1–3 in Annex A
of this Judgment) were not repossessed cars (although PCL disputes this) 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

Transcript (21 July 2021) at p 17 lines 22 to 30.

and thus he negotiated the price with Ms Lim after he had examined and test
driven the cars. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

Transcript (19 July 2021) at p 38 lines 8 to 31.

For the 11 repossessed cars, there were no car keys. Hence, there was no test
drive and inspection of the interior of the cars. In this situation, he made
an offer and there was no bargaining involved. I find Mr Tan’s testimony
credible since it accords with common commercial practices. There is also
nothing to suggest that there was dishonesty or impropriety in the sale
transactions of the 14 Cars. On the first sale transaction of SJQ8877B (see
S/N 1 in Annex A of this Judgment), Ms Lim requested Mr Tan to prepare two
cheques to be issued to her personally. Mr Tan did not immediately accede to
her request as he wanted to satisfy himself as to whether it was proper to do
so. He did an ACRA search and found that she was the sole director and
shareholder of PCL and there was no charge on PCL. It was after Mr Tan’s due
diligence search with ACRA that he was satisfied and acceded to her request.
Accordingly, he issued the cheques to Ms Lim in her name. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

Transcript (19 July 2021) at p 32 line 14 to p 33 line 12; p 34 lines 14 to
17; TTA at p 58.

55 Moreover, Ms Lim testified that for the first three cars sold to Zenith
(see S/N 1–3 in Annex A of this Judgment), she asked a banker friend to assist
in checking for the best price as she did not know many car dealers. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

Transcript (1 September 2021) at p 76 lines 23 to 32.

She also obtained a quote from Fu Ee. It was only after she compared the
various quotes that she decided on selling the three cars to Zenith. For the
rest of the cars that were eventually sold to Zenith, she testified that she
checked the prices offered by other dealers as well, which explains why three
cars were subsequently sold to SKL and not Zenith. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

Transcript (1 September 2021) at p 77 lines 1 to 24.

I am convinced by her explanation since there were indeed cars that were sold
to SKL and Fu Ee (see S/N 4–6 and S/N 18 in Annex A of this Judgment). If
there was a suspicious arrangement between Ms Lim and Zenith, one would expect
all of PCL’s cars to be sold to Zenith.

56 On a balance of probabilities, there is, therefore, insufficient evidence
to suggest any suspicious circumstances or that there was a special
arrangement between Ms Lim and Zenith for the sale transactions of the 14 Cars
at undervalued prices. On the contrary, the evidence suggests that the sale
transactions were conducted appropriately and above board.

57 I, therefore, find that the sale of the 14 Cars by PCL to Zenith was not at
an undervalued price. Accordingly, Ms Lim did not breach her director’s
fiduciary duties. She acted honestly and had exercised reasonable diligence in
the discharge of her duties as PCL’s director.

Did Ms Lim act honestly and discharge her duties with reasonable diligence as
PCL’s director when she requested Zenith to transfer the 13 Cars’ Balance Sale
Proceeds, ie, $289,700.47, to her personal bank account instead of PCL’s?

58 It is undisputed that the Neo Sisters told Mr Heng to stop the monthly
rental payments of the 23 cars that were leased from PCL to Supreme Pte Ltd.
The total rental for the 23 cars was about $60,000 per month. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

Transcript (21 July 2021) at p 115 lines 5 to 6.

This was a very significant shortfall to PCL and certainly a liquidity crisis
immediately emerged. As a corollary, PCL was, in turn, unable to repay the
monthly mortgage loans on the cars to the Banks. Hence, PCL was in default of
the Loan Facilities granted by the Banks sometime in late May to June 2018.
113

##### Foot Note 113

×

Transcript (19 July 2021) at p 106 line 32 to p 107 line 2.

In addition, there were other operating expenses to be paid for PCL’s fleet of
cars, such as insurance premiums, road tax, etc. If all the sale proceeds of
the 14 Cars were deposited into PCL’s bank accounts, Ms Lim explained that she
would not be able to withdraw from PCL’s bank accounts to meet the operating
expenses of PCL as the Banks would use the sale proceeds to discharge PCL’s
debts to the Banks. Hence, Ms Lim requested Zenith to transfer the 13 Cars’
Balance Sale Proceeds to her personal bank account instead. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

Transcript (19 July 2021) at p 106 lines 17 to 24; p 107 line 7.

59 I shall now pause and examine PCL’s financial situation from July to August
2018.

(1) PCL’s financial situation in the middle of 2018

60 In respect of the DBS Loan Facility, PCL’s DBS current account statement
shows that as of 1 July 2018, PCL had an overdraft of $35. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents (“PBOD”) Vol 9 at p 1969.

By the end of July 2018, PCL had an overdraft of $65. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

PBOD Vol 9 at p 1973.

By the end of August 2018, PCL had an overdraft of $17. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

PBOD Vol 9 at p 1981.

In respect of the Maybank Loan Facility, PCL’s Maybank current account
statement shows that PCL had a balance of $23,984.74 as of 1 July 2018. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

PBOD Vol 9 at p 1985.

These moneys were quickly drawn down to an overdraft of $57.97 as of 24 July
2018 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

PBOD Vol 9 at p 1986.

, and by 31 July 2018 PCL had $8,043.03. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

PBOD Vol 9 at p 1987.

While this account had a balance of $28,008.10 by 31 August 2018, 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

PBOD Vol 9 at p 1993.

this was only because Ms Lim had managed to sell SMD3931T to SKL on 17 August
2018 (see S/N 4 in Annex A of this Judgment), 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

Transcript (19 July 2021) at p 108 lines 28 to 31.

and a balance sum of $14,308.05 was transferred to that account on 24 August
2018.

61 Next, PCL’s financial status must be examined in relation to the monthly
instalments that were due under the Loan Facilities. As of 26 July 2018, a sum
of $52,123.74 was due under the DBS Loan Facility, and this amount later
snowballed to a sum of $73,127.78 on 23 October 2018. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

DBOD Vol 4 at pp 1151 to 1154.

For the Maybank Loan Facility, the defendants have adduced WhatsApp
correspondence between Ms Lim and a Maybank representative, which shows that
PCL was in default of its loan instalments by 24 July 2018. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

DBOD Vol 4 at pp 1098 to 1143.

In this correspondence, Ms Lim informed Maybank as to when PCL could make
payments for its loan instalments. On 27 July 2018 she referred to funds
obtained from the sale of SJQ8877B. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

DBOD Vol 4 at p 1116.

62 I shall now examine the expenditure Ms Lim incurred on behalf of PCL.

(2) PCL’s expenditure incurred by Ms Lim

63 It is undisputed that Ms Lim made payments for PCL’s operating expenses
amounting to $47,213.64 (see [27] above), which include payments towards the
Loan Facilities, road tax and other miscellaneous expenses. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

Exhibit D1.

64 I shall first turn to Ms Lim’s claim that she expended a sum of $83,190.13
on behalf of PCL, comprising: (a) refunds of security deposits for four cars
to lessees ($51,060); and (b) payment of insurance premiums ($32,130.13). 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

YKWA at p 11.

I list the various sums in the table below:

S/N| Expense| Quantum  
---|---|---  
1| Refund of security deposit for SGY900M| $8,500 (in cash)(disputed)  
2| Refund of security deposit for SJQ8877B| $24,000(disputed)  
3| Refund of security deposit for SLK7529X| $13,000(disputed)  
Subtotal| $45,500  
4| Refund of security deposit for SDQ6060A| $5,560(undisputed)  
Subtotal| $51,060  
5| Insurance Premiums| $32,130.13(undisputed)  
Total| $83,190.13  
  
65 PCL initially alleged that Ms Lim had provided insufficient evidence to
show that she had indeed paid for all the above expenses on behalf of PCL. At
the trial, PCL’s counsel accepted that there were documents to support the
claim that she did spend this sum of moneys to meet PCL’s expenses. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

Transcript (16 July 2021) at p 92 line 8 to p 96 line 5.

However, an issue arises as to whether Ms Lim should have done so in respect
of the refunds of three security deposits. In other words, what is disputed
(as indicated in the table above) is not whether these sums were indeed
expended, but whether Ms Lim had expended them in derogation of her duties as
PCL’s director.

66 It is undisputed that Ms Lim did make payment of $32,130.13 on behalf of
PCL for insurance premiums. 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

PCS at para 137(b).

67 It is also undisputed that Ms Lim did refund the security deposit of $5,560
for SDQ6060A on behalf of PCL. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

Transcript (31 August 2021) at p 57 line 25 to p 60 line 9; PCS at para
137(d).

PCL’s counsel also agreed that the security deposit for this car was
rightfully returned because there was no premature termination of this car’s
lease. Hence, no issue arises out of this payment.

68 However, PCL claims that Ms Lim should have forfeited three security
deposits, instead of refunding them to the lessees, under the lease agreements
as these lessees had prematurely terminated the leases. 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

PCS at paras 79 to 80.

I shall examine each instance in turn.

69 I begin with the refund of the security deposit for SGY900M. The purchase
agreement for this car shows that Zenith did pay PCL $8,500 in cash,
ostensibly for the purpose of PCL’s refund of this amount to its lessee. This
is because the purchase agreement shows a handwritten entry “Refund to owner”
beside the “Deposit Amount” of $8,500. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

TTA at p 61 (see handwritten entry “Refund to owner”).

Ms Lim explained during cross-examination that while she was aware that she
could forfeit this sum, she did not do so. She knew that the lessee was a
long-term repeat customer of the Prime Cars Group since 2006 and that she
would risk losing that customer by doing so. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

Transcript (21 July 2021) at p 27 lines 23 to 28.

70 Next, I turn to the refund of the security deposit for SJQ8877B. Ms Lim
explained that she did not forfeit this sum of $24,000 because the lessee was
a long-term repeat customer who patronised PCC since its incorporation in
2006. Moreover, this customer even referred other customers to the Prime Cars
Group. Ms Lim thus reasoned that she could not risk losing this customer who
had generated business for PCL through good word of mouth. 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

Transcript (21 July 2021) at p 19 lines 20 to 31.

71 Lastly, I turn to the refund of the security deposit for SLK7529X. Ms Lim
explained that she did not forfeit this sum of $13,000 as the lessee was a
long-term repeat customer. This customer in particular had bought many cars
from the Prime Cars Group. Moreover, Ms Lim explained that she had negotiated
with this customer and had tried to refund the minimum, which was $13,000 out
of the total security deposit of $18,000. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

Transcript (21 July 2021) at p 29 lines 12 to 24.

Her explanation is supported by her written correspondence with this customer,
which indicates that the refund of $13,000 was “with an administrative
deduction”. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

DBOD Vol 4 at p 995.

72 In my view, as PCL’s sole director at the material time, Ms Lim was
entitled to exercise her discretion as to whether PCL was to forfeit or to
refund the security deposits. More importantly, I find Ms Lim’s explanations
for each of the three instances above to be reasonable. They are plainly in
line with commercial realities. PCL’s one-time loss in refunding a lessee’s
security deposit would be much lesser than its continuing loss from the loss
of the lessee’s repeat business and the loss of potential customer referrals.
Although the three disputed security deposits amounted to $45,500, which is a
substantial sum, Ms Lim was also a de facto 40% shareholder of PCL when she
returned these three security deposits. A loss on PCL’s part would thus affect
Ms Lim directly as a major shareholder as well. As a corollary, if Ms Lim was
purely concerned about her personal gain, it would have been in her interest
to forfeit the three disputed security deposits instead. Yet, she did not do
so. Hence, Ms Lim’s actions clearly had PCL’s long-term interests in mind.
Indeed, this is precisely the situation stated by the authors of Walter Woon
at para 8.21 (see [38] above): “a transaction that seems on the face of it to
be a bad one may be commercially justifiable if it leads to other intangible
benefits for the company”. Indeed, a director of a company like Ms Lim must be
accorded the flexibility and discretion to “take a wider view of what the
company’s interests are”.

73 Moreover, it is not the case that Ms Lim had consistently failed to forfeit
security deposits when encountering errant lessees. In contrast to the three
instances above, Ms Lim did forfeit the security deposit in respect of SBF28R
(see S/N 4 in Annex A of this Judgment), amounting to $16,700. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

DBOD Vol 4 at p 1004; Transcript (1 September 2021) at p 55 lines 10 to 14;
Transcript (21 July 2021) at p 23 lines 1 to 19.

She explained that because this lessee defaulted on lease payments and she
frequently had to chase him for the same, she decided to terminate the lease
early and forfeit his security deposit. 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

Transcript (1 September 2021) at p 55 lines 20 to 28.

Hence, Ms Lim did exercise appropriate judgment in the interests of PCL in
every instance, before she decided to forfeit or to refund the security
deposit for the lease.

74 I, therefore, find that Ms Lim had discharged her director’s duties
honestly and had exercised reasonable diligence in the best interests of PCL
when she returned the three security deposits to the lessees.

75 Further, in relation to the abovementioned three cars, viz, SJQ8877B,
SGY900M and SLK7529X (see S/N 1–3 in Annex A of this Judgment), PCL further
argues that Ms Lim should have claimed for the balance lease payments for the
early termination of their leases. 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

Transcript (31 August 2021) at p 66 lines 29 to 32; PCS at para 81.

These amounted to $9,988, $13,160 and $16,800 respectively. 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

Transcript (31 August 2021) at p 61 line 28 to p 62 line 22; p 63 line 2 to p
64 line 14; p 65 lines 3 to 19.

76 I note, parenthetically, that in relation to the first amount of $9,988
pertaining to SJQ8877B, PCL’s counsel put this amount to Ms Lim at trial 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

Transcript (31 August 2021) at p 61 line 28 to p 62 line 14.

but submitted that the relevant amount is $10,442 in the plaintiff’s closing
submissions. 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

PCS at para 82.

Since the lower amount of $9,988 was put to Ms Lim at trial, this amount will
be used for the present analysis.

77 PCL submits that Ms Lim’s failure to claim for the balance lease payments
was in dereliction of her duties as PCL’s director. Consistent with her
explanation regarding the refund of security deposits, Ms Lim explained that
she did not do so because these customers are long-term repeat customers of
the Prime Cars Group. 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

Transcript (31 August 2021) at p 63 lines 24 to 25; p 65 lines 21 to 23.

Again, as I have elucidated above (at [72]), I find her explanation to be
commercially sensible. I reiterate that a business such as PCL’s is sustained
by long-term patronage and not short-sighted gains. Hence, PCL’s submission on
this point is unmeritorious.

78 There is a further sum of $6,660 incurred for towing charges in respect of
the 13 cars that were repossessed from Supreme Pte Ltd. 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

Exhibit D1.

This sum was initially disputed for lack of supporting documents. At the
trial, PCL’s counsel accepted that there are supporting documents for the
expenditure of this sum, and therefore accepted that this sum was properly
incurred. 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

Transcript (16 July 2021) at p 9 lines 9 to 14, p 93 lines 5 to 21; YKWA at p
11; PCS at para 137(c).

Hence, I shall take this sum into consideration below.

79 I also note that there is a sum of $6,042 that Ms Lim paid on behalf of PCL
for the rental and towing charge for SLP9698B. For this sum, the parties do
not dispute that Ms Lim had expended this amount on behalf of PCL and Ms Lim’s
position is that she had already been paid for this sum. 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

Transcript (1 September 2021) at p 77 line 25 to p 79 line 11.

Hence, this sum should be deducted from her expenditure on behalf of PCL. 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

See Exhibit D1: “Total of Items, B,C,D,E LESS ... $6,042”

From the above analysis, Ms Lim had paid a total of $131,021.77 out of the 13
Cars’ Balance Sale Proceeds of $289,700.47. The breakdown of Ms Lim’s total
expenses is shown in the table below:

S/N| Expense| Quantum  
---|---|---  
1| PCL’s operating expenses, comprising payments for:• Loan Facilities• Road
tax• Miscellaneous expenses| $47,213.64  
2| Refund of security deposits and payment of insurance premiums| $83,190.13  
3| Towing charges| $6,660  
| Less reimbursement from PCL| –$6,042  
Total| $131,021.77  
  
80 Ms Lim alleges that the remaining balance of $289,700.47, ie, $289,700.47 –
$131,021.77 = $158,678.70 comprises her salary and transport allowance owed to
her from PCL. This forms a large part of her counterclaim as she claims that
PCL owes her a sum of $328,400 for her salary and transport allowance. 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

DCC at pp 15 to 18; Exhibit D1.

The breakdown of this sum is shown in the table below:

S/N| Expense| Quantum  
---|---|---  
1| Salary for Year 2017| $156,000  
2| Salary for January 2018 to April 2018| $52,000  
3| Salary for May 2018 to December 2018 ($8,800 per month)| $70,400  
4| Transport allowance for May 2018 to February 2019 ($3,000 per month)|
$30,000  
5| Salary for January 2019 to February 2019 ($10,000 per month)| $20,000  
Total| $328,400  
  
Evidently, the counterclaim amount exceeds the 13 Cars’ Balance Sale Proceeds.
I shall address this issue in my analysis of her counterclaim below.

81 In this regard, the total expenses which Ms Lim incurred for PCL was
$131,021.77 and this sum is less than half of the total sum of $289,700.47
(ie, the 13 Cars’ Balance Sale Proceeds) that was transferred to Ms Lim’s
personal bank account. Hence, this raises the issue of why Ms Lim transferred
a large sum from the proceeds of sale to her personal bank account.

82 I shall, therefore, turn to examine Ms Lim’s use of the 13 Cars’ Balance
Sale Proceeds transferred to her personal bank account in meeting PCL’s
financial obligations.

(3) Ms Lim’s expenditure on behalf of PCL in relation to PCL’s financial
situation

83 An examination of Ms Lim’s actions must take into consideration her
perception of PCL’s immediate potential financial obligations from July 2018
onwards which she had to deal with at that time. As shown above, from July to
August 2018, PCL was teetering on the edge of insolvency (see [59]–[60]
above). This was solely due to Supreme Pte Ltd’s non-payment of the monthly
car rentals to PCL. Ms Lim could only repossess 13 cars out of the 23 cars
leased to Supreme Pte Ltd. Fourteen cars were sold to Zenith and she then
applied the sale proceeds of the 14 Cars to redeem the Bank loans of these
cars. This temporarily eased the financial obligations to the Banks. However,
as PCL was unable to repossess the 10 cars from Supreme Pte Ltd, the mortgage
instalments under the Loan Facilities for these 10 cars would still be payable
by PCL to the Banks. Indeed, if these monthly mortgage instalments were left
unpaid, PCL’s debts would immediately snowball and compound very quickly. The
monthly rentals of these 10 hidden cars was $27,184 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

DCC at Annex B.

and PCL paid the Loan Facilities using the rental payments on a back-to-back
basis. PCL would have thus owed the Banks approximately $27,184 for every
month that these 10 cars remained hidden by Supreme Pte Ltd. At this time, Ms
Lim also did not know how long PCL would have to pay for the monthly mortgage
instalments for these 10 cars. Moreover, other payments such as insurance
premiums and road tax were quickly falling due. Furthermore, Ms Lim was also a
guarantor for the Loan Facilities, so she would be personally liable for PCL’s
debts should PCL fail to pay the Banks the monthly mortgage instalments.

84 Faced with the mounting pressure over PCL’s dire financial situation and
the increasing possibility of incurring personal liability on the guarantees
to the Banks, I accept Ms Lim’s explanation that she had to sell the 14 Cars
and to arrange for the 13 Cars’ Balance Sale Proceeds to be transferred to her
personal bank account. I also emphasise that it was reasonable for her to
transfer the substantial balance of the sale proceeds to her personal bank
account. At that time, she would not have known the total sum that PCL would
have to pay for its expenses. Hence, it was reasonable for her to anticipate
that, should the 13 Cars’ Balance Sale Proceeds be transferred to PCL’s bank
accounts, it would not be available to meet PCL’s expenses. Hence, she
transferred a substantial sum to herself out of prudence to serve as an
adequate buffer to meet PCL’s potential expenses. By assiduously trying to
keep PCL financially afloat during this crisis, she had discharged her
director’s duties honestly and had exercised reasonable diligence in PCL’s
best interests.

85 PCL submits that there were two instances where Ms Lim could not reasonably
explain why she had transferred sums from PCL’s bank account to her personal
bank account. These were: (a) a sum of $5,516 from PCL’s DBS account on 1
August 2018; and (b) a sum of $4,000 from PCL’s DBS account on 10 August 2018.
150

##### Foot Note 150

×

PCS at paras 65 and 66; Transcript (31 August 2021) at p 70 lines 30 to 32 and
p 74 lines 10 to 19; DCC at p 15.

While it is true that PCL’s bank accounts were being drawn down to meet its
financial obligations at that time (see [60]–[61] above), Ms Lim was also
making substantial payments on behalf of PCL from her personal bank account
then (see [79] above). Hence, I find PCL’s submission on this point to be
unmeritorious.

86 The irony of this case is that the Neo Sisters knew the circle of financial
dependency, ie, Supreme Pte Ltd had to pay the rentals monthly to PCL for the
leased cars so that PCL could pay the Banks as PCL had taken mortgage loans
for those cars. The Neo Sisters deliberately stopped Supreme Pte Ltd from
making payment of the monthly rentals of the cars leased from PCL. This caused
a catastrophic financial effect on PCL’s cash flow as the 23 cars out of a
total of 64 cars 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

DBOD Vol 5 at p 1583 para 5(a).

constituted about 40% of PCL’s fleet of rental cars. 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

Transcript (15 July 2021) at p 29 lines 20 to 30.

The Neo Sisters knew these serious implications but nevertheless hid the
remaining 10 cars to prevent them from being repossessed by PCL. This further
increased the financial pressure on PCL. Ms Lim was left with little choice
but to sell the available cars to repay the bank loans and to meet the
operating expenses. In order to pay for the operating expenses of PCL, Ms Lim,
as its director, had to channel the 13 Cars’ Balance Sale Proceeds to her
personal bank account. The Neo Sisters, now in control of PCL, sue Ms Lim for
impropriety and breach of her director’s duties when they orchestrated the
crisis in the first place. Thus, the conduct of the Neo Sisters is indeed
deplorable.

87 The Neo Sisters’ explanation for stopping Supreme Pte Ltd from making the
monthly car rental payments was that Ms Lim was the sole shareholder at that
time and they would not know what Ms Lim would do with the moneys if Supreme
Pte Ltd had continued to make monthly payments. 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

Transcript (13 July 2021) at p 28 lines 5 to 17.

There is no evidence to support this suspicion as Ms Lim had been managing PCL
since its incorporation in 2015. Furthermore, when the Neo Sisters confronted
Ms Lim regarding the share ownership in PCC and PCL, she agreed to transfer
the shares in PCC and PCL to them according to their understanding, ie,
40:35:25. Ms Lim’s assurance to regularise the share ownership was documented
by their respective lawyers’ letters. 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

PBOD Vol 1 at pp 78 to 83 (see p 78 at para 6 and p 82 at paras 25) and pp 84
to 86 (see p 85 at para 11).

Ms Lim was partly responsible for the mistrust as, in the first place, she
should not have registered the additional 300,000 shares for PCC in her name
and incorporated PCL with herself as the sole shareholder.

88 I also notice that, although the Neo Sisters were only shareholders, they
wielded significant powers and stopped Ms Lim’s director’s salary in May 2018
and the use of the company’s car in August 2018. 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

Transcript (1 September 2021) at p 14 line 26 to p 15 line 4; p 16 line 23 to
p 17 line 7; p 72 line 24 to p 73 line 4 (Salary); Transcript (1 September
2021) at p 10 lines 10 to 28; p 73 line 5 to line 12 (Use of car).

The evidence shows that the Neo Sisters had a personal vendetta against Ms Lim
when they stopped Supreme Pte Ltd from making monthly rental payments to PCL
knowing that it was seriously detrimental to PCL. Their conduct was clearly
against the best interests of PCL.

Conclusion on breach of fiduciary duties

89 For the above reasons, I find that Ms Lim did not breach any fiduciary
duties (a) by procuring PCL to sell the 14 Cars to Zenith; (b) by arranging
for the 13 Cars’ Balance Sale Proceeds of $289,700.47 to be transferred to her
personal bank account; and (c) by not forfeiting three security deposits where
the leases were prematurely terminated.

Did Zenith dishonestly assist Ms Lim in committing the breach of her fiduciary
duties?

The applicable law

90 As the Court of Appeal elucidated in George Raymond Zage III and another v
Ho Chi Kwong and another [2010] 2 SLR 589 (“Ho Chi Kwong”) at [20], the
elements of a claim in dishonest assistance are:

(a) the existence of a trust;

(b) a breach of that trust;

(c) assistance rendered by the third party towards that breach; and

(d) a finding that the assistance rendered by the third party was dishonest.

91 While the first and second elements refer to a “trust”, it is clear that
they encompass the existence and breach of a fiduciary obligation as well (see
Banque Nationale de Paris v Hew Keong Chan Gary and others [2000] 3 SLR(R) 686
at [136] and Swiss Butchery Pte Ltd v Huber Ernst and others and another suit
[2010] 3 SLR 813 generally). With regard to the third element, “the plaintiff
must at least show some causative significance in the acts by the defendant
(although he need not show the precise causative significance nor is it
appropriate for the court “to become involved in attempts to assess the
precise causative significance of the dishonest assistance”)”: Clearlab SG Pte
Ltd v Ting Chong Chai and others [2015] 1 SLR 163 at [297]. In other words,
there must be proof of at least some degree of nexus between the assistor’s
act and the breach of fiduciary duty by the person being assisted. As for the
last element, the assistor “must have such knowledge of the irregular
shortcomings of the transaction that ordinary honest people would consider it
to be a breach of standards of honest conduct if he failed to adequately query
them”: Ho Chi Kwong at [22]. In this regard, the assistor “does not need to
know exactly what is going on so long as he suspects that something dishonest
might be going on: Yong Kheng Leong and another v Panweld Trading Pte Ltd and
another [2013] 1 SLR 173 at [81].

My findings on dishonest assistance by Zenith

92 Did Zenith dishonestly assist Ms Lim to breach her fiduciary duties to PCL
(a) by assisting her to cause PCL to sell to Zenith the 14 Cars at undervalued
prices; 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

SOC at para 21(a).

and (b) by assisting her in arranging for the 13 Cars’ Balance Sale Proceeds
due to PCL to be transferred to her personal bank account instead of PCL’s?
157

##### Foot Note 157

×

SOC at para 21(b).

93 I wish to reiterate that I have explained above (at [58]–[89]) that Ms Lim
had discharged her director’s duties honestly and she had exercised them with
reasonable diligence regarding the sale of the 14 Cars and the management of
the sale proceeds. Since Ms Lim had not breached her director’s fiduciary
duties, Zenith could not have assisted her to breach her fiduciary duties.

94 Be that as it may, the conduct of Mr Tan does not suggest that he assisted
Ms Lim in any way. Firstly, he did not know Ms Lim prior to the purchase of
the 14 Cars. Secondly, the sale of the 14 Cars were transacted at arm’s
length. Thirdly, he paid for the 14 Cars at the market dealers’ price. Ms Lim
did not offer the 14 Cars to Zenith at a reduced rate or offer a special
discount as alleged by PCL. In fact, Mr Tan’s evidence showed that the 14 Cars
were sold at about the market dealers’ price. 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

Transcript (19 July 2021) p 26 lines 1 to 8.

There is thus no sufficient degree of nexus between Mr Tan’s actions on behalf
of Zenith and Ms Lim’s actions that were alleged to be in breach of her
director’s fiduciary duties. Hence, the evidence shows that Mr Tan did not
even render assistance to Ms Lim on behalf of Zenith.

95 Moreover, Mr Tan’s conduct does not suggest that he had knowledge of the
irregular shortcomings of the transactions with Ms Lim such that they were
contrary to the conduct of ordinary honest people. Mr Tan did a due diligence
search with ACRA when Ms Lim requested him to transfer the 13 Cars’ Balance
Sale Proceeds to her personal bank account. He was satisfied that Ms Lim was
the sole shareholder and director of PCL and there were no charges against
PCL. 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

Transcript (19 July 2021) p 32 line 28 to p 33 line 12.

As a layperson, Mr Tan was satisfied that it was permissible to transfer the
13 Cars’ Balance Sale Proceeds to Ms Lim’s personal bank account. The
evidence, therefore, does not reveal any dishonesty on Mr Tan’s part in his
dealing with Ms Lim on the sale of the 14 Cars.

96 I, therefore, find that PCL has not proven its case against Zenith for
dishonest assistance.

Did Zenith buy the 14 Cars from PCL at substantially undervalued prices,
knowing that Ms Lim was in breach of her fiduciary duties?

The applicable law on knowing receipt

97 As stated by the Court of Appeal in Ho Chi Kwong at [23], the elements of
knowing receipt are:

(a) a disposal of the plaintiff’s assets in breach of fiduciary duty;

(b) the beneficial receipt by the defendant of assets which are traceable as
representing the assets of the plaintiff; and

(c) knowledge on the part of the defendant that the assets received are
traceable to a breach of fiduciary duty.

98 With regard to the third element, the Court of Appeal clarified (at [32])
that “actual knowledge of … a breach of fiduciary duty is not invariably
necessary to find liability, particularly, when there are circumstances in a
particular transaction that are so unusual, or so contrary to accepted
commercial practice, that it would be unconscionable to allow a defendant to
retain the benefit of receipt”. This is because “[t]he test for
unconscionability should be kept flexible and be fact centred”: Ho Chi Kwong
at [32].

My findings on knowing receipt

99 PCL claims that Zenith had benefitted from the sale of the 14 Cars which
Zenith knew were sold by PCL to Zenith at a significantly undervalued price,
160

##### Foot Note 160

×

SOC at para 22; POS at para 33.

in breach of Ms Lim’s director’s fiduciary duties to PCL. 161

##### Foot Note 161

×

SOC at para 22.

100 As with PCL’s claim against Zenith for dishonest assistance, this claim
for knowing receipt is premised on its claim that Ms Lim had breached her
director’s fiduciary duties. Again, I reiterate that I have explained above
(at [58]–[89]) that Ms Lim had discharged her director’s duties honestly and
that she had exercised them with reasonable diligence regarding the sale of
the 14 Cars. The evidence of Ms Lim and Mr Tan shows that the sale was done at
arm’s length and was not at an undervalued price (see [92]–[96] above). Hence,
on Ms Lim’s part, she had not breached her director’s fiduciary duties. The
first element of knowing receipt is thus not satisfied. Moreover, on Zenith’s
part, since the sale of the 14 Cars was at market value, Zenith could not have
benefitted from the difference in the market price and the prices that the 14
Cars were actually sold. Zenith also could not also have known that the sale
could have been in breach of Ms Lim’s fiduciary duties as PCL’s director,
since there was nothing suspicious about selling the 14 Cars at market value.

101 I, therefore, find that PCL’s claim against Zenith for knowing receipt
fails.

Were Ms Lim and Mr Tan of Zenith engaged in a conspiracy to defraud and injure
PCL by unlawful means?

The applicable law

102 Regarding the claim for conspiracy by unlawful means, the plaintiff must
establish the following (EFT Holdings, Inc and another v Marinteknik
Shipbuilders (S) Pte Ltd and another [2014] 1 SLR 860 (“EFT Holdings”) at [91]
and [112]):

(a) there was a combination of two or more persons to do certain acts;

(b) the alleged conspirators had the intention to cause damage or injury to
the plaintiff by those acts;

(c) the acts were unlawful (such acts include those which are actionable civil
wrongs);

(d) the acts were performed in furtherance of the agreement; and

(e) the plaintiff suffered a loss as a result of the conspiracy.

103 As recently stated by the Court of Appeal in Crest Capital Asia Pte and
others v OUE Lippo Healthcare (formerly known as International Healthway Corp
Ltd) and another and other appeals [2021] 1 SLR 1337 at [128(a)] (affirming
EFT Holdings at [96]), the raison d’être for unlawful means conspiracy is the
defendants’ combination, accompanied by the intention to injure. Where there
is no evidence of an express agreement, the court can infer this combination
from the circumstances and acts of the alleged conspirators: EFT Holdings at
[113]. While there is neither a requirement that the conspirators joined in
the scheme at the same time nor a requirement that each conspirator knew what
the others have agreed to do, the plaintiff has to show that the alleged
conspirators were sufficiently aware of the surrounding circumstances and
shared the same object: see EFT Holdings at [113] and New Ping Ping Pauline v
Eng’s Noodles House Pte Ltd and others [2020] SGHC 271 at [60].

104 As for the element of unlawful means, it is uncontentious that this
element “covers both a criminal act or means, as well as an intentional act
that is tortious”: Beckkett Pte Ltd v Deutsche Bank AG and another and another
appeal [2009] 3 SLR(R) 452 at [120]. Hence, a conspiracy may arise in relation
to a breach of a director’s fiduciary duties to his company: Chew Kong Huat
and others v Ricwil (Singapore) Pte Ltd [1999] 3 SLR(R) 1167 at [35].

My findings on conspiracy

105 As explained above (at [58]–[89]), I have found that Ms Lim did not breach
her fiduciary duties owed to PCL. Thus, there is no unlawful act on which the
alleged conspiracy can be founded.

106 For any allegation of conspiracy there must be an agreement, express or
implied, to do any unlawful act. In this case, there is a complete absence of
an agreement between Ms Lim and Mr Tan of Zenith. They were not known to each
other before the sale of the 14 Cars. The sale transactions were above board
and Zenith did not get a preferential price for the 14 Cars. As for the 13
Cars’ Balance Sale Proceeds, Mr Tan transferred these sums to Ms Lim only
after he had done a due diligence search with ACRA and was satisfied that it
was alright to do so. It is clear that if Mr Tan was not satisfied, he would
not have acceded to Ms Lim’s request to transfer the 13 Cars’ Balance Sale
Proceeds to her personal bank account. On all counts, the allegation of
conspiracy between Ms Lim and Zenith to do an unlawful act is completely
baseless and unmeritorious.

Conclusion on the plaintiff’s claim and Ms Lim’s third party claim

107 For the above reasons, I dismiss PCL’s claim. Consequently, it is
unnecessary for me to examine the merits of Ms Lim’s claim against Supreme Pte
Ltd, Mr Heng and the Neo Sisters as third parties.

108 I shall now deal with Ms Lim’s counterclaim against PCL.

Counterclaim

109 Ms Lim claims that PCL owes her a sum of $169,721.30. This sum is the
difference between the 13 Cars’ Balance Sale Proceeds, ie, $289,700.47, which
was transferred to her personal bank account and the sum total of (a) her
salary and transport allowance as PCL’s director; and (b) her expenses
incurred on behalf of PCL. As for (b), I have stated above that this comprises
moneys paid out for the servicing of the Loan Facilities, insurance premiums,
road tax, and other miscellaneous expenses. I have further found that Ms Lim
paid a sum of $131,021.77 on behalf of PCL for these expenses (see [79]
above). However, while she had paid this sum, there are items within that sum
that PCL contends she is presently not entitled to, viz, sums paid to PCL’s
lessees for the return of the security deposits in respect of three cars
(totalling $45,500). 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

Exhibit D1.

Ms Lim also claims that PCL owes her a sum of $328,400, which is her salary
and transport allowance as PCL’s director. PCL denies owing her this sum. 163

##### Foot Note 163

×

Reply and Defence to Counterclaim at para 13.

Hence, her counterclaim sum of $169,721.30 is derived as follows: ($131,021.77
+ $328,400) – $289,700.47 = $169,721.30. I summarise the derivation of her
counterclaim in the table below:

S/N| Item| Quantum  
---|---|---  
1| PCL’s operating expenses, comprising payments for:• Loan Facilities• Road
tax• Miscellaneous expenses| $47,213.64(undisputed)  
2| Refund of four security deposits| $51,060($45,500 disputed; $5,560
undisputed)  
3| Insurance Premiums| $32,130.13(undisputed)  
4| Towing charges| $6,660(undisputed)  
| Less reimbursement from PCL| –$6,042(undisputed)  
Subtotal (Expenses on behalf of PCL)| $131,021.77  
5| Director’s salary and transport allowance| $328,400(disputed)  
Subtotal| $459,421.77  
Less balance of sale proceeds from of the 13 cars (ie, the 13 Cars’ Balance
Sale Proceeds)| –$289,700.47  
Counterclaim| $169,721.30  
  
110 PCL does not dispute the quantum of these sums. However, PCL submits that
Ms Lim is not entitled to (a) the refund of three security deposits; and (b)
her director’s salary and transport allowance. 164

##### Foot Note 164

×

PCS at paras 79 and 91.

I shall first compute the undisputed sum that Ms Lim is entitled to claim and
deal with these two categories of expenses thereafter.

Undisputed expenses incurred on behalf of PCL

111 From the table showing the breakdown of Ms Lim’s counterclaim (see [109]
above), PCL does not dispute that Ms Lim had paid PCL’s operating expenses,
insurance premiums for its cars, and towing charges.

S/N| Item| Quantum  
---|---|---  
1| PCL’s operating expenses, comprising payments for:• Loan Facilities• Road
tax• Miscellaneous expenses| $47,213.64(undisputed)  
2| Insurance Premiums| $32,130.13(undisputed)  
3| Towing charges| $6,660(undisputed)  
Less reimbursement from PCL| –$6,042(undisputed)  
Total| $79,961.77  
  
112 After factoring in Ms Lim’s reimbursement of $6,042 which she is not
claiming from PCL, the undisputed sum that Ms Lim is entitled to claim is
$79,961.77.

Security deposits

113 Ms Lim did refund the security deposits for SJQ8877B, SGY900M, SLK7529X,
and SDQ6060A (see S/N 1–3 and S/N 18 in Annex A of this Judgment) to PCL’s
lessees using her own moneys (see [63] above). 165

##### Foot Note 165

×

DCC at pp 15 and 17.

These sums are $24,000, $8,500, $13,000 and $5,560 respectively. 166

##### Foot Note 166

×

Exhibit D1.

The issue here is whether Ms Lim is entitled to be reimbursed by PCL for
paying these moneys on PCL’s behalf.

114 As stated above, in respect of SDQ6060A, I noted that there was no
premature termination of its lease, hence the security deposit was rightfully
returned to the lessee. Therefore, Ms Lim is entitled to claim for the $5,560
that she returned to this lessee on behalf of PCL.

115 In contrast, the security deposits for the remaining three cars could have
been forfeited by PCL as a penalty for premature termination of the leases.
167

##### Foot Note 167

×

Transcript (21 July 2021) at p 24 line 6 to p 25 line 12.

PCL contends that Ms Lim ought to have forfeited the security deposits, ie,
not refund the lessees on their return of the cars, as PCL would lose this sum
which it was entitled to. 168

##### Foot Note 168

×

Transcript (21 July 2021) at p 27 lines 11 to 17.

I have examined each of the three instances that Ms Lim refunded the security
deposits to the lessees. Ms Lim’s explanation was reasonable, aligned with
commercial sensibilities and in the best long-term interests of PCL (see
[64]–[72] above). Hence, I find that Ms Lim is entitled to claim from PCL for
the refund of the security deposits to the three lessees as well.

116 Adding the four sums of $8,500, $24,000, $13,000 and $5,560, Ms Lim is
entitled to a total sum of $51,060 under this head of claim.

Director’s salary and transport allowance

117 Ms Lim claims that she is entitled to her director’s salary and transport
allowance owed by PCL to her from January 2017 to February 2019. 169

##### Foot Note 169

×

DCC at pp 16 to 18; Exhibit D1.

It is undisputed that Ms Lim had been receiving a director’s salary of $10,000
a month 170

##### Foot Note 170

×

PCS at para 91.

and the use of a company’s car, a Toyota Alphard (the “Alphard”), from PCC. Ms
Lim’s remuneration of $10,000 a month and the use of the Alphard were similar
to Mr Heng, who also received $10,000 a month and the use of a company’s car
for his work in the Prime Cars Group. 171

##### Foot Note 171

×

Transcript (15 July 2021) at p 11 lines 23 to 26; Transcript (16 July 2021) at
p 75 line 3 to p 78 line 17; Transcript (1 September 2021) at p 72, lines 24
to 28.

The Neo Sisters stopped Ms Lim’s salary of $10,000 a month in May 2018 and her
Alphard was towed away from her in August 2018. 172

##### Foot Note 172

×

Transcript (1 September 2021) at p 14 line 26 to p 15 line 4; p 16 line 23 to
p 17 line 7; p 73, lines 5 to 9.

Ms Lim claims that in addition to the aforementioned salary and the use of the
company’s car from PCC, she is also entitled to a salary of $13,000 a month
and transport allowance from PCL. 173

##### Foot Note 173

×

Transcript (31 August 2021) at p 32 lines 12 to 32; p 48 lines 2 to 29;
Transcript (1 September 2021) at p 74 lines 23 to 32.

It is the latter set of sums that forms her present counterclaim. She is not
claiming from PCC for the loss of her salary of $10,000 a month from May 2018
to February 2019 and the use of the company’s car from August 2018 to February
2019 as she had already reimbursed herself from the 13 Cars’ Balance Sale
Proceeds.

118 I shall now deal with her claim for salary and transport allowance from
PCL.

(1) Director’s salary

119 Ms Lim testified that since her husband’s demise in 2013, she had been
drawing a salary from PCC. 174

##### Foot Note 174

×

Transcript (31 August 2021) at p 26 lines 9 to 16.

From early 2017 to the middle of 2017, she drew $8,000 a month from PCC.
Thereafter, this amount was increased to $10,000 a month from PCC. 175

##### Foot Note 175

×

Transcript (31 August 2021) at p 23 lines 30 to 31.

Although she did not seek the agreement of the other directors of PCC, viz,
the Neo Sisters, she acknowledges that they would have known that she drew a
salary from PCC as Mr Heng and Ms Neo Yan were signatories of the cheques for
her salary. 176

##### Foot Note 176

×

Transcript (31 August 2021) at p 25 line 19 to p 26 line 11; p 27 lines 8 to
15.

As stated above, this salary of $10,000 a month was stopped by the Neo Sisters
in May 2018.

120 Ms Lim claims that the above salary was only in respect of her work done
for PCC. In respect of her work done for PCL, she claims that she is entitled
to a further director’s salary of $13,000 a month from 2 January 2017. 177

##### Foot Note 177

×

Transcript (31 August 2021) at p 23 lines 12 to 21.

In support, she adduced a director’s resolution from PCL dated 5 January 2017
(“Director’s Resolution”), which I reproduce below: 178

##### Foot Note 178

×

DBOD Vol 1 at p 79.

PRIME CARS LEASING PTE LTD

Company Registration No: [xxx]

(Incorporated in the Republic of Singapore)

DIRECTOR’S RESOLUTION BY CIRCULATION PURSUANT TO THE CONSTITUTION OF THE
COMPANY

RESOLVED THAT –

Director’s Salary, CPF contributions, Car Allowance and Yearly Bonus

That the sole director of the company Lim Siew Ling be paid the following :

(i) Monthly Salary of $13,000 commencing on 2nd January 2017

(ii) Monthly Employer’s Central Provident Fund contributions.

(iii) Monthly Car Allowance inclusive of petrol

(iv) Yearly Bonus

Dated this 5 January 2017

[signature]

LIM SIEW LING

Director

Ms Lim passed this resolution as the sole director of PCL in January 2017.
Despite her purported entitlement to these director’s benefits from PCL, Ms
Lim testified that she never took these entitlements from PCL before the Neo
Sisters stopped her salary of $10,000 a month from PCC in May 2018. 179

##### Foot Note 179

×

Transcript (1 September 2021) at p 68 lines 10 to 27; p 73 lines 13 to 18.

121 However, in October 2018, Ms Lim physically withdrew $50,000, being
$10,000 a month for the salary due to her from May to September 2018, from the
13 Cars’ Balance Sale Proceeds. She claims that this total sum of $50,000 is
her salary owed by PCL. 180

##### Foot Note 180

×

Transcript (31 August 2021) at p 44 lines 4 to 8 and p 99 lines 23 to 26;
Transcript (1 September 2021) at p 4 lines 18 to 31; p 13 lines 8 to 11; PCS
at para 130; DCS at para 44.

I pause to note that PCL submits that Ms Lim had “immediately applied” the 13
Cars’ Balance Sale Proceeds to “claim for her salaries” for the year 2017 and
for the months of January 2018 to April 2018. 181

##### Foot Note 181

×

PCS at para 128.

This is untrue. Ms Lim had merely noted these entries in her personal record.
As she rightly submits, if she had actually withdrawn the salaries for these
periods, the 13 Cars’ Balance Sale Proceeds that remained in her personal
account would have immediately fallen to $18,401.69 and she would not have had
sufficient moneys to make the payment of $24,107.86 for insurance premiums on
24 September 2018 and subsequent payments for PCL’s expenditure thereafter.
182

##### Foot Note 182

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions (“DCS”) at para 43; DCC at p 17; YKWA at p 11.

122 The basis of Ms Lim’s claim for her salary of $13,000 a month from PCL is
the authenticity of the Director’s Resolution. In this regard, PCL alleges
that the Director’s Resolution was procured by fraud. 183

##### Foot Note 183

×

Transcript (1 September 2021) at p 42 line 30 to p 43 line 10.

123 During Ms Lim’s cross examination, she testified that the Director’s
Resolution regarding her salary came about after she had spoken to the company
secretary in January 2017, who then prepared it on her instructions. PCL’s
counsel challenged Ms Lim’s account and subsequently produced a letter from
the company secretary at that time, LTN Management Services Pte Ltd (“LTN”).
184

##### Foot Note 184

×

Transcript (1 September 2021) at p 31 lines 29 to 31.

LTN’s letter states that LTN has no records of instructions from PCL to
prepare this resolution or any other evidence to suggest that LTN did prepare
this resolution. 185

##### Foot Note 185

×

PBOD Vol 10 at p 2012.

In addition, the Director’s Resolution was made in a format that was different
from the one generally used by PCL. The layout and formatting of the text were
different. Also, while PCL’s resolutions were usually dated with a date stamp,
the date in the Director’s Resolution was typewritten. 186

##### Foot Note 186

×

Transcript (1 September 2021) at p 28 lines 10 to 17.

However, PCL did not call anyone from LTN to testify. Thus, the contents of
LTN’s letter are inadmissible hearsay.

124 Ms Lim explained that the Director’s Resolution was not prepared by LTN.
She testified that one Mr Liow, who is the boss of LTN, advised her that it
was permissible for PCL to use PCL’s internal company secretary, one Mr Lee
Yee Hong (“Mr Lee”), to prepare the Director’s Resolution. 187

##### Foot Note 187

×

Transcript (1 September 2021) at p 63 line 12 to p 64 line 8.

The ACRA searches on PCL show that Mr Lee was PCL’s secretary. 188

##### Foot Note 188

×

DBOD Vol 1 at p 20; Transcript (1 September 2021) at p 64 lines 10 to 32.

125 In the light of Ms Lim’s explanation, I find that there is insufficient
evidence to show that the Director’s Resolution was procured by fraud. I must
emphasise that, as regards proof of fraud, there is a high threshold to be
met. Nevertheless, for the reasons below, the genuineness of this resolution
is seriously in doubt.

126 To begin with, Ms Lim did not call Mr Lee or Mr Liow to give evidence to
corroborate the authenticity of the Director’s Resolution. Their testimonies
would have helped to ascertain that this resolution was indeed made on that
date and in compliance with the requisite formalities.

127 Moreover, it is suspicious that Ms Lim started to claim her purported
entitlements from PCL only after the Neo Sisters stopped her salary in May
2018. It is not disputed that Ms Lim did not claim her entitlements from PCL
since it was incorporated in 2015. She claims that she did not previously draw
a salary from PCL because she wanted “PCL’s accounts to have good earnings”
for the purpose of seeking banking facilities for PCL. 189

##### Foot Note 189

×

Transcript (1 September 2021) at p 15 lines 1 to 4.

At the same time she said she was managing PCL single-handedly and thus she is
entitled to receive salary and transport allowance from PCL. If that was the
situation, she should have received some form of remuneration from PCL since
its incorporation in 2015. But this is not the case. The undisputed facts are
that she had been receiving $8,000 a month from PCC since the demise of her
husband in 2013, and this was later increased to $10,000 a month in 2017 and
she was allowed the use of a company’s car from PCC, although she was also
managing PCL. Mr Heng also received $10,000 a month and the use of a company’s
car for his work in the Prime Cars Group. 190

##### Foot Note 190

×

Transcript (15 July 2021) at p 11 lines 23 to 26; Transcript (16 July 2021) at
p 75 line 3 to p 78 line 17.

This appears to be the arrangement between Ms Lim and the Neo Sisters, ie, Ms
Lim received only one set of remuneration for work done in the Prime Cars
Group, like Mr Heng, the husband of Ms Neo Choon Sian.

128 Ms Lim admitted that the Director’s Resolution for her salary of $13,000 a
month, transport allowance, annual bonus and CPF contributions was made
unilaterally without the knowledge of the Neo Sisters. 191

##### Foot Note 191

×

Transcript (31 August 2021) at p 30 lines 19 to 22.

Ms Lim acknowledged that the Neo Sisters were the other shareholders of PCL
although ACRA records show that she was the sole shareholder. The net result
of the Director’s Resolution would be that Ms Lim’s monthly salary for her
work in the Prime Cars Group would be $10,000 + $13,000 = $23,000.
Furthermore, she would be entitled to an annual bonus and transport allowance
even though she already had the use of the Alphard. The aggregate sum would be
more than double that of Mr Heng’s entitlement from the Prime Cars Group.
Furthermore, why should Ms Lim be given a further transport allowance when she
already had the use of the Alphard? The shareholders of PCL and the Prime Cars
Group, ie, the Neo Sisters, would never have agreed to the Director’s
Resolution. These facts raise a strong suspicion regarding the genuineness of
the Director’s Resolution.

129 Furthermore, Ms Lim’s account of the quantum of her salary from PCL is
inconsistent and raised serious contradictions.

130 In her affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”), Ms Lim states that “[a]s a
director [she] was to be paid $10,000 a month as [her] salary with transport
allowance”. 192

##### Foot Note 192

×

LSL at para 44.

She initially took the position that she was referring to her salary from PCC
in this sentence, but she later claimed that she was referring to her salary
from PCL instead. 193

##### Foot Note 193

×

Transcript (1 September 2021) at p 4 lines 1 to 8.

131 Even if Ms Lim’s salary from PCL was $10,000 a month, that would still
contradict the quantum of her salary that she counterclaims from PCL, ie,
$13,000 under the Director’s Resolution. In her counterclaim, Ms Lim seeks a
monthly sum of $8,800 for her salary and $3,000 for her transport allowance.
194

##### Foot Note 194

×

DCC at pp 17 and 18; Exhibit D1.

She then explained that she recorded her salary as $8,800 because she paid
$1,200 as her Central Provident Fund (CPF) contributions. 195

##### Foot Note 195

×

Transcript (31 August 2021) at p 77 lines 21 to 23.

In addition, although the $3,000 monthly sums were recorded by Ms Lim as her
transport allowance, she claimed that they were actually part of her
director’s salary. 196

##### Foot Note 196

×

Transcript (31 August 2021) at p 78 lines 19 to 27.

Adding the sums of $8,800, $1,200 and $3,000, she claims for the total monthly
sum of $13,000. She thus concludes that this quantum of $13,000 accords with
the Director’s Resolution. Yet, this quantum contradicts the quantum stated in
her AEIC, ie, $10,000.

132 Ms Lim also further explained that she recorded the $3,000 as transport
allowance in Annex C of her Defence and Counterclaim and in Exhibit D1 because
she only drew $10,000 and this was her way of separating the two parts of her
salary in her record. 197

##### Foot Note 197

×

Transcript (1 September 2021) at p 5 line 26 to p 10 line 8.

Her explanation is far-fetched and completely incredible. If the $3,000
monthly sums were indeed part of her salary, it is absurd for her to have
recorded them as her transport allowance instead. What would then happen to
the transport allowance which she alleges that she is entitled from PCL under
the Director’s Resolution? If her explanation that the transport allowance in
her personal records (in Annex C of her Defence and Counterclaim and in
Exhibit D1) should be read as part of her salary is accepted, then there is no
transport allowance in her claim to begin with. Her lies, therefore, put her
in a bind.

133 Lastly, Ms Lim’s pleadings regarding her director’s salary were plainly
insufficient, inadequate and inconsistent with her evidence in court. To begin
with, she did not plead any particulars of how she was entitled to her salary
from PCL, save that PCL was indebted to her for such sums. 198

##### Foot Note 198

×

DCC at para 11 and Annex C at pp 16 to 18.

Indeed, her pleadings consisted mainly of scant entries such as “Salary of Yr
2017 – Lim siew ling”. 199

##### Foot Note 199

×

DCC, Annex C, at p 16.

Moreover, certain entries were recorded as a lump sum: (a) her salary for the
year of 2017 was recorded as a sum of $156,000; and (b) her salary for the
months of January 2018 to April 2018 was recorded as a sum of $52,000. This
was in contrast to the months of May 2018 to February 2019, where her salary
was recorded as sums of $8,800 (ie, $10,000 less employee’s CPF contributions
of $1,200). Yet, a simple division of the lump sums in (a) and (b) with the
relevant months, ie, ($156,000 ÷ 12) and ($52,000 ÷ 4), yields a monthly sum
of $13,000. That would mean that, according to Ms Lim’s pleadings, her salary
from January 2017 to April 2018 was $13,000 a month but her salary from May
2018 to February 2019 was $10,000 a month. Ms Lim’s claim for her salary was
not pleaded with specificity, if at all. There was no explanation and
narrative of how she was entitled to two different sums for her salary from
PCL for 2017 and 2018. Ms Lim’s pleaded case on her salary rests entirely on
her entries in her personal accounting record at Annex C of her Defence and
Counterclaim. Therefore, her pleadings on her claim for her salary are highly
unsatisfactory and are highly indicative of a claim that is different from
that disclosed by her case at trial.

134 In the light of such ambiguity in her pleadings, I find that her pleadings
with regard to her salary were plainly insufficient for PCL to know how to
meet her case at trial.

135 For completeness, I shall also address Ms Lim’s other submissions
regarding the Director’s Resolution.

136 Her first submission is that PCL’s claim that the Director’s Resolution
was a false document was unpleaded. 200

##### Foot Note 200

×

DCS at para 125.

However, Ms Lim did not plead the Director’s Resolution as the basis of her
claim for her salary in her Defence and Counterclaim. 201

##### Foot Note 201

×

Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions (“PRS”) at paras 26 to 27.

Since Ms Lim failed to plead this point, PCL cannot be expected to plead its
response to the Director’s Resolution.

137 Her second submission is that one of PCL’s witnesses, Mr Alex Yeo (“Mr
Yeo”), had seen the Director’s Resolution. Mr Yeo is Ms Neo Yan’s son and had
assisted with handling PCL’s accounts. 202

##### Foot Note 202

×

YKWA at paras 6 to 7.

On 28 August 2019, a file from PCL’s corporate secretary was handed over to
PCL by Ms Lim, and Mr Yeo testified that he saw the Director’s Resolution in
that file. 203

##### Foot Note 203

×

DCS at para 125; Transcript (16 July 2021) at p 98 lines 9 to 22 (Mr Yeo);
Transcript (31 August 2021) at p 22 lines 23 to 27 (Ms Lim).

In my view, this evidence does not support Ms Lim’s case. The Director’s
Resolution is dated 5 January 2017. Mr Yeo’s testimony that he saw this
resolution more than two years later clearly does not assist in showing that
this resolution was indeed made on that date.

138 Hence, Ms Lim’s account of her salary from PCL is inconsistent and
seriously contradictory. She vacillated in material aspects of her evidence
regarding her purported salary which raises deep suspicions over her
counterclaim for her benefits from PCL based on the Director’s Resolution.

139 In the light of the above, I find that there are cogent reasons to doubt
the authenticity of the Director’s Resolution. Having made this finding, it is
unsafe to find that Ms Lim is entitled to a salary of $13,000 a month from
PCL. This is especially the case since Ms Lim claims that she is entitled to
$13,000 a month from PCL in addition to $10,000 a month from PCC.

140 I therefore dismiss Ms Lim’s claim for her director’s salary from PCL from
January 2017 to February 2019.

141 I observe that, if Ms Lim is claiming two sets of salary, it is
unfortunate and peculiar that she did not draw on her entitlement to $10,000 a
month from PCC when the Neo Sisters stopped her salary in May 2018. She could
have also drawn on her entitlement to transport allowance from PCC when the
Alphard was towed away from her in August 2018. But this was not done.

142 I also observe that the Prime Cars Group is a family-run business and
there was no strict delineation between the management of each individual
entity. In this regard, Ms Lim was actively involved in the management of both
PCC and PCL as a director. The foregoing evidence also suggests that Ms Lim,
like Mr Heng, has always been paid $10,000 a month for her services to the
Prime Cars Group as a whole, and PCC is the entity that has been paying her
the monthly sums. Unfortunately, PCC was not joined as a defendant to Ms Lim’s
claim in the present proceedings. If that had been the case, I would have
found that PCC was liable to Ms Lim for her salary of $10,000 a month from May
2018 to January 2019 when she was removed as a director of PCL.

(2) Transport allowance

143 As stated above, Ms Lim claims that she had been using a company’s car
till August 2018, when the Neo Sisters caused it to be towed away. 204

##### Foot Note 204

×

Transcript (1 September 2021) at p 73 lines 5 to 9.

However, like her claim for her director’s salary, she claims that the use of
this car was her entitlement from PCC. On top of this entitlement, she also
claims that she was entitled to a monthly transport allowance from PCL or a
company’s car in lieu of such an allowance. 205

##### Foot Note 205

×

Transcript (1 September 2021) at p 10 lines 26 to 32.

144 Similar to her case for her director’s salary, Ms Lim’s case for her
entitlement to transport allowance from PCL is also inconsistent and
contradictory. On the one hand, in her counterclaim, Ms Lim appears to be
claiming that she is entitled to a monthly sum of $3,000 from PCL, in addition
to her use of the company’s car from PCC. 206

##### Foot Note 206

×

DCC at pp 17 to 18; Exhibit D1.

In this regard, Ms Lim testified as follows: 207

##### Foot Note 207

×

Transcript (1 September 2021) at p 10 lines 26 to 32.

Q: … Were you having the use of the car from May 2018 to August 2018?

A: Yes, that’s PCC. Not---you were talking about PCL. I’m talking about PCL
and I didn’t claim any transport allowance in PCL.

Q: So your position is you do not have any transport allowance in PCL?

A: I didn’t claim. I’m entitled to but I never take. I didn’t---I didn’t even
take any transport allowance from PCL. I’m only taking my salary, 13,000 which
is rightfully that it’s my entitlement after my work.

On the other hand, as stated in my analysis on Ms Lim’s director’s salary, as
regards her entitlement from PCL, Ms Lim conflates her claim for her
director’s salary with her transport allowance. Thus, it appears that Ms Lim
is not claiming for transport allowance as a separate head of claim.

145 On either version, Ms Lim’s claim for transport allowance cannot stand. I
shall address the two versions of Ms Lim’s claim in turn.

146 The first version is that Ms Lim is claiming for transport allowance from
PCL in addition to her entitlement to the same from PCC. As regards the
former, Ms Lim claims that she has never drawn on this transport entitlement
from PCL. As regards the use of the company’s car from PCC, Ms Lim had used it
till August 2018. The only evidence Ms Lim has regarding transport allowance
from PCL is the Director’s Resolution, which states that Ms Lim is entitled to
“Monthly Car Allowance inclusive of petrol”. I have stated earlier that I
doubt the authenticity of this resolution (see [139] above). Hence, Ms Lim’s
claim cannot stand.

147 The second version is that Ms Lim alleged that when she claimed $3,000 a
month for transport allowance, she meant that this monthly sum of $3,000 from
PCL formed part of her director’s salary. However, she had only labelled this
portion of her salary as “transport allowance”. As stated above at [132], I
have found her explanation to be incredible and absurd. Since I have dismissed
her claim for director’s salary of $13,000 a month from PCL, the second
version of Ms Lim’s claim therefore cannot stand as well.

148 I, therefore, dismiss Ms Lim’s claim for transport allowance from PCL.

Conclusion on counterclaim

149 From the above analysis, Ms Lim is entitled to claim for the expenses she
incurred on behalf of PCL and the security deposits that she refunded to the
lessees, which amount to $79,961.77 and $51,060 respectively. Hence, these
amounts should be subtracted from the 13 Cars’ Balance Sale Proceeds retained
by Ms Lim, ie, $289,700.47. However, I dismiss Ms Lim’s claims for her
director’s salary and transport allowance. Hence, I find that Ms Lim is not
entitled to the remaining sum of $158,678.70. I summarise my findings in the
table below:

S/N| Item| Quantum  
---|---|---  
1| Balance of sale proceeds (ie, the 13 Cars’ Balance Sale Proceeds)|
$289,700.47  
Less undisputed expenses incurred on behalf of PCL| –$79,961.77  
Less security deposits| –$51,060  
Total due to PCL| $158,678.70  
  
150 Ms Lim has consistently treated the 13 Cars’ Balance Sale Proceeds of
$289,700.47 as part of PCL’s funds, even though these proceeds were in her
personal bank account. This is evidenced by her record of PCL’s expenditure.
As a director of PCL, Ms Lim is a trustee of PCL’s funds (see Belmont Finance
Corporation v Williams Furniture Ltd (No 2) [1980] 1 All ER 393 at 405,
approved locally in Multi-Pak at [19]; see also Walter Woon at para 8.76).
Hence, Ms Lim has always acknowledged that she holds the 13 Cars’ Balance Sale
Proceeds on trust for PCL. Therefore, if she fails to prove her entitlement to
a portion of the 13 Cars’ Sale Proceeds, she continues to hold that portion on
trust for PCL. Accordingly, Ms Lim holds on trust for PCL the balance sale
proceeds that she is not entitled to, ie, $158,678.70.

Ms Lim’s disentitlement of her salary is not a breach of fiduciary duties

151 Despite my dismissal of Ms Lim’s counterclaim for her director’s salary
from PCL, she is not in breach of her fiduciary duties arising from her
retention of the sums pertaining to her director’s salary and transport
allowance.

152 I emphasise that Ms Lim has consistently segregated the 13 Cars’ Balance
Sale Proceeds of $289,700.47 in her possession as part of PCL’s funds. She
then took steps to tabulate in her own record that she was, in her view,
entitled to moneys from PCL.

153 However, in October 2018, Ms Lim physically withdrew $50,000, being
$10,000 a month for the salary purportedly due to her from May 2018 to
September 2018, from the 13 Cars’ Balance Sale Proceeds (see [121] above).
Nevertheless, her actions must be seen, to a substantial extent, from Ms Lim’s
subjective state of mind when the Neo Sisters stopped her salary in May 2018
(see [117] above).

154 As stated above (at [36]), the applicable test for s 157(1) of the
Companies Act is a partly subjective and partly objective one, in which the
court has to assess whether an intelligent and honest man in the position of a
director of the company concerned could in the context of the existing
circumstances have reasonably believed that the transactions were for the
benefit of the company.

155 The Prime Cars Group functioned as a family business. The entities in the
Prime Cars Group operated and were managed in a loose arrangement (see [9]
above). Thus, when the Neo Sisters stopped Ms Lim’s salary in May 2018, she
physically withdrew her salary in October 2018. As I have noted above (at
[127]), Mr Heng also received $10,000 a month and the use of a company’s car
for his work in the Prime Cars Group. Hence, Ms Lim would have reasonably
thought that she would be able to draw her salary and transport allowance from
PCL when her salary from PCC had been stopped.

156 In the unique circumstances of the present case, notwithstanding my
findings that she is not entitled to her salary from PCL, Ms Lim did not
breach her fiduciary duties as PCL’s director when she retained the balance
sale proceeds pertaining to her salary and transport allowance. She also did
not breach her director’s duties when she physically withdrew her salary of
$50,000 in October 2018, being $10,000 a month purportedly due to her from May
2018 to September 2018.

Third party action

157 Ms Lim has commenced a third party action against the third parties, viz,
Supreme Pte Ltd, Mr Heng, Ms Neo Choon Sian and Ms Neo Yan.

158 Ms Lim claims for an indemnity and/or contribution against PCL’s claims as
set out in the relief claimed by PCL’s statement of claim and such relief
thereof. Because the third parties had withheld the monthly rental payments to
PCL on the 23 cars leased to Supreme Pte Ltd by PCL, Ms Lim had to urgently
sell the 14 Cars to secure funds necessary to meet PCL’s liabilities. Hence,
she claims that her actions of (a) selling the 14 Cars at dealers’ price to
Zenith instead of the open market price; and (b) receiving the 13 Cars’
Balance Sale Proceeds in her personal bank account were caused by the third
parties’ actions. 208

##### Foot Note 208

×

DCS at paras 136 to 142.

As regards (a), the defendants argue that if the court holds Ms Lim liable for
receiving the 13 Cars’ Balance Sale Proceeds in her own name, the third
parties should be held liable to indemnify her and to pay for any losses
suffered by PCL. As regards (b), the defendants argue that Zenith had acted on
Ms Lim’s instructions to make the transfer to Ms Lim’s personal bank account
and that Ms Lim had made this request in the best interests of PCL. Hence, the
third parties should be held liable to indemnify both Zenith and Ms Lim for
the losses suffered and claimed by PCL.

159 I pause to address two preliminary points.

160 Firstly, Ms Lim was the only defendant who commenced the third party
action. 209

##### Foot Note 209

×

Third Party Notice in SDB at p 49; 2nd Defendant’s Statement of Claim against
the Third Party in SDB at p 55.

Hence, any indemnity or contribution by the third parties to the defendants
for PCL’s losses can only apply to her and not to Zenith.

161 Secondly, although Ms Lim initially also claimed for “such relief or
remedy relating with the original subject-matter of the action and
substantially the same as some relief or remedy claimed by [PCL]”, this claim
was not pursued in the defendants’ closing submissions. 210

##### Foot Note 210

×

DCS at paras 136 to 142.

162 I now turn to Ms Lim’s claim for an indemnity or contribution from the
third parties in respect of PCL’s claims in the present proceedings.

163 In my analysis above, I have found that Ms Lim did not commit a breach of
her fiduciary duties by (a) selling the 14 Cars at dealers’ price to Zenith
instead of the open market price; (b) receiving the 13 Cars’ Balance Sale
Proceeds in her personal bank account; and (c) her unsuccessful attempt to
claim her salary and transport allowance from PCL. Ms Lim and Zenith were also
not engaged in a conspiracy to defraud and injure PCL by unlawful means.
Hence, PCL has not suffered any loss from Ms Lim’s actions stated in (a) and
(b) above. Further, Ms Lim failed to prove her entitlement to salary,
transport allowance and CPF contributions from PCL, and I have found that she
is not entitled to the remaining sum of $158,678.70 (see [150] above). In the
circumstances, there is no longer a need for an indemnity or contribution by
the third parties in respect of PCL’s claims.

Summary of findings on PCL’s claims

164 I shall now summarise my findings in relation to PCL’s claims:

(a) Ms Lim was the sole director of PCL and she had the authority to sell the
14 Cars in the best interests of PCL. By doing so, she did not breach her
director’s fiduciary duties owed to PCL (see [43]–[49] above).

(b) Ms Lim sold the 14 Cars to Zenith at arm’s length and at the market
dealers’ price. Thus, the sale prices of the cars were not undervalued prices
(see [50]–[57] above).

(c) Ms Lim transferred the 13 Cars’ Balance Sale Proceeds to her personal bank
account so that she could meet urgent expenses for PCL during the period when
PCL was nearing insolvency. She assiduously tried to keep PCL financially
afloat. Thus, she did not breach her director’s fiduciary duties when she
transferred the 13 Cars’ Balance Sale Proceeds to her personal bank account
(see [58]–[88] above).

(d) As Ms Lim did not breach her fiduciary duties to PCL, it must logically
follow that Zenith could not have dishonestly assisted her to breach her
fiduciary duties. The allegation that Zenith had knowingly received the
benefits of Ms Lim’s breach of her fiduciary duties also cannot stand as the
14 Cars were not bought at undervalued prices (see [93] and [100] above).

(e) In any case, the circumstances and evidence show that Zenith did not
assist Ms Lim in any way since the sale was transacted at arm’s length. Mr Tan
did not know Ms Lim prior to the sale of the 14 Cars and he had also conducted
due diligence search with ACRA before he transferred the 13 Cars’ Balance Sale
Proceeds to her personal bank account (see [94]–[96] above).

(f) PCL’s claim on unlawful means conspiracy must fail as there is no evidence
to suggest that there was an agreement, implied or otherwise, between Ms Lim
and Mr Tan to do an unlawful act. In fact there is no evidence of an unlawful
act (see [105]–[106] above).

Summary of findings for Ms Lim’s counterclaim

165 I summarise the findings for Ms Lim’s counterclaim, as follows:

(a) Ms Lim is entitled to be reimbursed for the sums that she paid on behalf
of PCL. The parties accept that Ms Lim had paid PCL’s operating expenses,
insurance premiums for its cars, and towing charges, which total $79,961.77
(see [111]–[112] above).

(b) Ms Lim is entitled to be reimbursed for the refund of four security
deposits to PCL’s lessees. This was done in the best interests of PCL as the
lessees were good customers and she hoped to retain or lure these customers
back to PCL and the Prime Cars Group. Hence, she had discharged her director’s
duties honestly and had exercised reasonable diligence when she refunded these
security deposits (see [64]–[72] and [115] above).

(c) Ms Lim is not entitled to be reimbursed for her director’s salary and
transport allowance from PCL. Her case for both heads of claim was highly
inconsistent and completely contradictory. Ms Lim is thus not entitled to the
sums under these two heads of claim (see [117]–[148] above).

(d) After setting off Ms Lim’s entitlement to the 13 Cars’ Balance Sale
Proceeds in her possession, I find that Ms Lim continues to hold the sum of
$158,678.70 on trust for PCL as PCL’s director and, thus, she has to return
this sum to PCL (see [149]–[150] above).

(e) Although Ms Lim is not entitled to the sums pertaining to her director’s
salary and transport allowance, in the unique circumstances of the present
case where the entities of the Prime Cars Group operated loosely, I find that
Ms Lim was not in breach of her fiduciary duties when she retained the 13
Cars’ Balance Sale Proceeds on trust for PCL and physically withdrew her
salary for the months of May 2018 to September 2018 from the same (see
[151]–[156] above).

Conclusion

166 For the above reasons, I make the following orders:

(a) I dismiss PCL’s claim against Zenith and Ms Lim as it fails to make out a
case on the ground of breach of director’s fiduciary duties and
conspiracy/dishonest assistance. However, I allow PCL’s partial claim of
$158,678.70 from the 13 Cars’ Balance Sale Proceeds as Ms Lim fails to prove
that she is entitled to this sum for her salary and transport allowance from
PCL; and

(b) I dismiss Ms Lim’s counterclaim regarding her salary and transport
allowance against PCL.

167 I order Ms Lim to return the sum of $158,678.70 to PCL as her counterclaim
against PCL is dismissed. For the avoidance of doubt, PCL’s entitlement to
this sum did not arise from Ms Lim’s breach of fiduciary duties and conspiracy
by unlawful means with Zenith. Rather, PCL is entitled to this sum because Ms
Lim failed to prove her entitlement to her salary and transport allowance from
PCL. As I have explained earlier (see [150] above), Ms Lim has always
acknowledged that she held the 13 Cars’ Balance Sale Proceeds on trust for
PCL. I further order Ms Lim to pay the default interest rate of 5.33% per
annum, which is the rate prescribed by para 77 of the Supreme Court Practice
Directions. As for the date on which interest accrues, I note that s 12 of the
Civil Law Act (Cap 43, 1999 Rev Ed) vests the court with the discretion to
determine the period for which pre-judgment interest should be awarded, for
the whole or any part of the period between the date when the cause of action
arose and the date of the judgment: Grains and Industrial Products Trading Pte
Ltd v Bank of India and another [2016] 3 SLR 1308 at [137]–[138]. In the
absence of facts that warrant granting the accrual of interest at an earlier
date, I award interest to PCL at the rate of 5.33% per annum on the sum of
$158,678.70 from the date on which the writ was filed, ie, 13 September 2019.
211

##### Foot Note 211

×

SDB at p 3.

Costs

168 PCL has to pay costs to Zenith to be agreed or taxed as PCL’s claim
against Zenith is dismissed.

169 I make no order as to costs regarding PCL’s claims against Ms Lim although
it succeeds in claiming $158,678.70 from Ms Lim, but it fails in its main
claims against Ms Lim for breach of fiduciary duties and for conspiring with
Zenith to defraud and injure PCL.

170 Ms Lim has to pay costs to PCL to be agreed or taxed as her counterclaim
is dismissed.

171 I make no order as to costs for the third party action. Since PCL has not
proven its main claims against Ms Lim for breach of fiduciary duties or for
conspiracy by unlawful means, the issue of an indemnity or contribution for
PCL’s claims against Ms Lim is no longer relevant.

Tan Siong Thye  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Beh Eng Siew, Low Yu Xuan (Lu Yuxuan) and Shaun Sim Yong Zhao (Shen Yongzhao)
(Lee Bon Leong & Co) for the plaintiff and third parties;

Joseph Ignatius and Suja Susan Thomas d/o B Thomas (Ignatius J & Associates)
for the defendants.

Annex A: Cars sold by PCL from July to October 2018 212

##### Foot Note 212

×

SOC at para 15 (Plaintiff’s breakdown); TTA at pp 7 and 12 to 67 (Defendants’
breakdown); DBOD Vol 4 at pp 1167 to 1170 and p 1242 (sale to SKL and Fu Ee);
Transcript (19 July 2021) p 87 line 29 to p 88 line 14; p 88 line 32 to p 89
line 2.

S/N| Vehicle Number| Sold to| Date of Agreement| Moneys due to PCL but
transferred to Ms Lim’s bank account| Total Sale Price  
---|---|---|---|---|---  
1| SJQ8877B| Zenith| 26 July 2018| DisputedPCL’s position: $28,724.41Ms Lim’s
position: $4,724.41(Ms Lim claims that since PCL refunded the security deposit
of $24,000 to a lessee, this sum is not due to PCL) 213

##### Foot Note 213

× DCC at p 15, at entry “7/25/2018 Refund of security deposit – SJQ 8877B”; Transcript (19 July 2021) at p 30 line 19 to p 31 line 10; p 91 lines 6 to 12. | $85,000  
2| SGY900M| Zenith| 26 July 2018| DisputedPCL’s position: $31,970.38Ms Lim’s
position: $23,470.38  
(Zenith claims that it paid $8,500 to Ms Lim 214

##### Foot Note 214

× Transcript (19 July 2021) at p 36 lines 24 to 30; Exhibit D1. and Ms Lim
refunded this sum to a lessee) 215

##### Foot Note 215

× Transcript (19 July 2021) at p 103 line 9; DBOD Vol 4 at p 988. | $106,000  
3| SLK7529X| Zenith| 15 August 2018| N/A; balance sum of $1,672.75 paid to PCL
216

##### Foot Note 216

× SOC at para 16. | $103,000  
4| SMD3931T / SBF28R 217

##### Foot Note 217

× DOS at p 32, Annex 5. | SKL| 16 August 2018| N/A; balance sum of $14,308.06 paid to PCL 218

##### Foot Note 218

× Transcript (19 July 2021) at p 86 lines 5 to 22; DBOD Vol 4 at p 1167. | $95,000  
5| SLL6687Z| SKL| 17 August 2018| N/A; balance sum of $18,304.05 paid to PCL
219

##### Foot Note 219

× Transcript (19 July 2021) at p 86 lines 5 to 22; DBOD Vol 4 at p 1169. | $67,000  
6| SLJ7488K| SKL| 17 August 2018| N/A; balance sum of $36,635.62 paid to PCL
220

##### Foot Note 220

× Transcript (19 July 2021) at p 86 lines 5 to 22; DBOD Vol 4 at p 1170. | $81,000  
7| SLJ4596B| Zenith| 20 August 2018| $36,487.54| $81,000  
8| SLJ7502C| Zenith| 20 August 2018| $34,635.62| $79,000  
9| SLK4439S| Zenith| 20 August 2018| $12,474.66| $65,000  
10| SLK4482R| Zenith| 20 August 2018| $12,729.02| $65,000  
11| SLJ290J| Zenith| 20 August 2018| $32,095.22| $70,000  
12| SLV1290P| Zenith| 23 August 2018| $10,035.75| $70,000  
13| SLV1386Y| Zenith| 23 August 2018| $10,035.75| $70,000  
14| SLM1934M| Zenith| 23 August 2018| $14,808.75| $59,000  
15| SLN146Y| Zenith| 23 August 2018| $25,596.05| $79,000  
16| SLR9225Y| Zenith| 23 August 2018| $12,285.75| $82,000  
17| SLN7434U| Zenith| 23 August 2018| $27,821.57| $71,000  
18| SDQ6060A| Fu Ee| 19 October 2018| NA; balance sum of $40,179.20 paid to
PCL 221

##### Foot Note 221

× Transcript (19 July 2021) at p 89 lines 10 to 15; DBOD Vol 4 at p 1242. | $77,500  
| PCL’s position: $289,700.47Ms Lim’s position: $257,200.47| $1,085,000
(excluding cars sold to SKL and Fu Ee)  
  
![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 23 Nov 2021 (13:30 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

