Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC 211

Criminal Case No 35 of 2019

Between

Public Prosecutor  
---  
  
And

Chong Hoon Cheong  
---  
  
judgment

[Criminal Law] — [Statutory offences] — [Misuse of Drugs Act]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  
v

  

Chong Hoon Cheong

[2021] SGHC 211

General Division of the High Court — Criminal Case No 35 of 2019  
Vincent Hoong J  
13–16, 20–23 August 2019, 24 February, 2–6, 12, 13 March, 2, 4, 9–11, 16
November 2020, 1, 2, 4 February, 2 March, 7 May 2021

13 September 2021 Judgment reserved.

Vincent Hoong J:

1 The accused, Mr Chong Hoon Cheong, claimed trial to one charge of having in
his possession not less than 25.01g of diamorphine for the purpose of
trafficking (“the Trafficking Charge”), which is an offence under s 5(1)(a)
read with s 5(2) of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed) (“the
MDA”). Under s 33(1) of the MDA, read with the Second Schedule to the MDA, the
punishment prescribed for unauthorised traffic in more than 15g of diamorphine
is death. I will refer to diamorphine as “heroin”.

2 It is undisputed that the heroin forming the subject matter of the
Trafficking Charge, viz, Exhibits “A1A”, “A2”, “A4A” and “D1A2”, were
recovered from the accused’s rented room at Room 7 of 26B Hamilton Road,
Singapore (“the Rented Room”) and that he knew that the drug contained in
those exhibits was heroin. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Statement of Agreed Facts of 14 August 2019 (“SOAF”) at paras 34–35;
Prosecution’s Closing Submissions of 16 April 2021 (“PCS”) at para 2;
Defence’s Closing Submissions of 16 April 2021 (“DCS”) at paras 1–2.

3 The only issue in dispute is the purpose for which the accused possessed the
drugs in Exhibit D1A2. The accused’s defence is that out of the 25.01g of
heroin, only the 10.93g of heroin in Exhibits A1A, A2 and A4A was in his
possession for the purpose of trafficking. The remaining 14.08g of heroin in
Exhibit D1A2 was for his own consumption (“the Consumption Defence”). 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

DCS at para 2.

Agreed facts

4 Central Narcotics Bureau (“CNB”) officers raided the property at 26B
Hamilton Road, and arrested the accused on 8 December 2015 at or about 7.35pm.
3

##### Foot Note 3

×

SOAF at para 11.

Around the same time that day, CNB officers arrested one Eng Kok Seng (“Eng”)
after he was seen exiting the same property. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

SOAF at paras 4–6.

5 After arresting the accused, the CNB officers searched the Rented Room in
his presence. Among other items, Exhibits A1A, A2, A4A and D1A2 were recovered
from the Rented Room. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

SOAF at para 12.

Exhibits A1A, A2 and A4A were found on the floor of the Rented Room. Exhibit
D1A2 was found in the bottom right compartment of a dressing table at location
“D” (“Dressing Table D”) in the Rented Room. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

SOAF at para 12.

Analysis of these exhibits by the Health Sciences Authority (“HSA”) revealed
the following: 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

SOAF at para 16.

(a) Exhibit A1A contained not less than 6.53g of heroin;

(b) Exhibit A2 contained not less than 2.52g of heroin;

(c) Exhibit A4A contained not less than 1.88g of heroin; and

(d) Exhibit D1A2 contained not less than 14.08g of heroin.

6 The following statements (which I shall refer to collectively as the
accused’s “CNB statements”) were recorded from the accused at various times
after his arrest:

(a) On 8 December 2015, at or about 9.30pm in the Rented Room, Inspector Eng
Chien Loong Eugene (“Insp Eugene”) recorded a contemporaneous statement from
the accused (“the First Contemporaneous Statement”). The First Contemporaneous
Statement was recorded in Hokkien and Insp Eugene contemporaneously translated
the statement into English when recording it. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

SOAF at para 24; Agreed Bundle of Documents (“ABOD”) at pp 74–76.

(b) On 8 December 2015, at or about 11.20pm in the Rented Room, Insp Eugene
recorded another contemporaneous statement from the accused (“the Second
Contemporaneous Statement”). The Second Contemporaneous Statement was recorded
in Hokkien and Insp Eugene contemporaneously translated the statement into
English when recording it. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

SOAF at para 25; ABOD at p 77.

(c) On 9 December 2015, at or about 5.23pm in Central Police Division lock-up,
Inspector Desmond Liang Duanting (“Insp Desmond”) recorded a statement (“the
Cautioned Statement”) from the accused under s 23 of the Criminal Procedure
Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed) (“CPC”). The accused spoke in Mandarin and Mr Wong
Png Leong (“Mr Wong”) served as his interpreter. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

SOAF at para 27; ABOD at pp 240–243.

(d) On 15 December 2015, at or about 10.54am in ‘A’ Division lock-up, Insp
Desmond recorded a statement from the accused under s 22 of the CPC (“the
First Long Statement”). The accused spoke in Mandarin and Mr Wong served as
his interpreter. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

SOAF at para 28; ABOD at pp 259–261.

(e) On 15 December 2015, at or about 3.10pm in ‘A’ Division lock-up, Insp
Desmond recorded a statement from the accused under s 22 of the CPC (“the
Second Long Statement”). The accused spoke in Mandarin and Mr Wong served as
his interpreter. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

SOAF at para 29; ABOD at pp 262–266.

(f) On 16 December 2015, at or about 11.34am in ‘A’ Division lock-up, Insp
Desmond recorded a statement from the accused under s 22 of the CPC (“the
Third Long Statement”). The accused spoke in Mandarin and Mr Wong served as
his interpreter. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

SOAF at para 30; ABOD at pp 267–271.

(g) On 16 December 2015, at or about 4.16pm in ‘A’ Division lock-up, Insp
Desmond recorded a statement from the accused under s 22 of the CPC (“the
Fourth Long Statement”). The accused spoke in Mandarin and Mr Wong served as
his interpreter. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

SOAF at para 31; ABOD at pp 272–274.

7 All of the statements set out in the preceding paragraph were provided
voluntarily by the accused. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

SOAF at paras 26 and 32.

8 Although not found in the Statement of Agreed Facts (“SOAF”), the following
points are also not in dispute. At or around October 2015, 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

P113 (“Second Long Statement”) at paras 12–13: ABOD at p 264.

the accused agreed to work for a Malaysian, known to the accused only as “Ah
Kiat”. The accused was to repack heroin into smaller sachets and deliver these
sachets to another location for collection. How Ah Kiat remunerated the
accused for this work is contested.

9 It is also common ground that the accused consumed heroin and
methamphetamine on 8 December 2015, prior to his arrest. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Second Long Statement at para 11: ABOD at p 263; PCS at para 62.

But, the quantum of such drugs he consumed, and their effects (if any) on the
accused at the time of the recording of the contemporaneous statements, is in
dispute.

The parties’ cases

The Prosecution’s case

10 As to whether the accused possessed Exhibit D1A2 for the purpose of
trafficking, the Prosecution advances two alternative cases.

11 The Prosecution’s primary case is that the evidence proves, beyond a
reasonable doubt, that the accused possessed the drugs in Exhibit D1A2 for the
purpose of trafficking. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

PCS at para 50.

They say that throughout the course of investigations, the accused
consistently maintained that Exhibit D1A2 was meant for repacking and delivery
according to the arrangement he had with Ah Kiat. The Prosecution relies on
the following aspects of the accused’s statements:

(a) The general arrangement between the accused and Ah Kiat was that the
accused would collect heroin from dead-drops, repack it into smaller sachets,
and deliver it to another location for collection by one of Ah Kiat’s men. He
would keep the heroin that remained after repacking for his own consumption.
19

##### Foot Note 19

×

PCS at para 50(a); Second Long Statement at paras 12 and 14–17: ABOD at pp
264–266; P115 (“Fourth Long Statement”) at para 41: ABOD at p 274; P114
(“Third Long Statement”) at para 25: ABOD at p 269.

(b) In the accused’s First Contemporaneous Statement, he said that the purpose
of Exhibit D1A2 was the “same” as Exhibit A1A, viz, to “repack into smaller
packets and pass … to Ah Kiat’s friend”. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

PCS at para 50(b); P104 (“First Contemporaneous Statement”) at Q9/A9: ABOD at
p 75.

(c) In the accused’s long statements, when he was shown a photograph labelled
“Photo 22” 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

ABOD at p 286.

(which depicts Exhibits D1, D1A, D1A1 and D1A2), he explained that he intended
to “repack” the bundle in the photograph, viz, Exhibit D1A2, “into 60 smaller
sachets of ‘Bai Fen’”. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Fourth Long Statement at para 37: ABOD at p 272.

“Bai Fen” is a Mandarin street name for heroin. The heroin that remained after
repacking Exhibit D1A2 would be for his own consumption. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

PCS at para 50(c); Fourth Long Statement at para 37: ABOD at p 272.

12 The Prosecution’s alternative case is that the accused is presumed to have
possessed the heroin for the purpose of trafficking under s 17(c) of the MDA.
24

##### Foot Note 24

×

PCS at para 51.

This provision states that:

Presumption concerning trafficking

17. Any person who is proved to have had in his possession more than —

…

(c) 2 grammes of diamorphine;

…

whether or not contained in any substance, extract, preparation or mixture,
shall be presumed to have had that drug in possession for the purpose of
trafficking unless it is proved that his possession of that drug was not for
that purpose.

13 Regardless of which case the Prosecution proceeds on, it also has to defeat
the accused’s Consumption Defence. In this regard, the Prosecution submits
that the Consumption Defence is not credible for the following reasons. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

PCS at para 54.

14 First, the Prosecution argues that full weight should be given to the
accused’s admissions in his statements that Exhibit D1A2 was meant for
repacking and delivery. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

PCS at paras 55–56.

According to the Prosecution, his attempts to challenge the accuracy of the
statements should not be believed because:

(a) While the accused alleges inaccuracies in his cautioned and long
statements, which were recorded in Mandarin, on the basis that he is more
conversant in Hokkien, the evidence shows the accused being conversant in both
of these languages. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

PCS at paras 57–61.

(b) The accused’s claims that he was labouring under the effects of drug
intoxication at the time the contemporaneous statements were recorded, and
drug withdrawal at the time the Cautioned Statement was recorded, lack
credibility. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

PCS at paras 63–66 and 68–70.

(c) The Consumption Defence is an afterthought which first appeared in a
report by Dr Julia Lam (“Dr Lam”) dated 15 July 2019 (“Dr Lam’s Medical
Report”). 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

PCS at para 81.

Dr Lam was asked by the accused’s counsel to provide an expert opinion on the
effect of the accused’s sustained drug abuse on his neurological functions
(and vice versa) and its role in contributing to the commission of the offence
in the Trafficking Charge. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Dr Julia Lam’s report of 15 July 2019 (“Dr Lam’s Medical Report”) at para 1:
ABOD at p 546.

The Prosecution argues that the accused’s statements should be preferred over
his testimony at trial as they set out a contemporaneous and consistent
account of the offence. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

PCS at para 80.

The accused had also informed Dr Kenneth Koh (“Dr Koh”) in December 2015 and
October 2018 that he was involved in repacking and moving drugs around. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

PCS at paras 79 and 80(b).

Dr Koh is a psychiatrist and senior consultant at the Institute of Mental
Health (“IMH”) who conducted psychiatric assessments on the accused on 24, 28
and 31 December 2015 while the accused was remanded in the Changi Prison
Complex Medical Centre (“CMC”), 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Dr Kenneth Koh’s conditioned statement of 4 November 2016 at paras 1–2: ABOD
at p 141.

and on 11 October 2018 at Changi Prison. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Dr Kenneth Koh’s medical report of 12 October 2018 (“Dr Koh’s Second Medical
Report”) at p 1: ABOD at p 532.

15 Second, the Prosecution submits that the daily consumption rate of the
accused (ie, between 16–20g of heroin per day), which he alleged at trial, is
incredible and an afterthought. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

PCS at para 82.

The accused has reported an ever-increasing consumption rate to various
persons since the time of his arrest. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

PCS at paras 83–85.

Further, the road traffic accident the accused was involved in in 1978 (“the
1978 Accident”), which allegedly caused the accused to suffer from psychosis,
had no significant effect on his neuropsychiatric state or any causal link
with his drug use at the time of the offence. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

PCS at paras 86–87.

The Prosecution also argues that the accused’s claim to have stored heroin in
regular drinking straws is unsupported by the evidence. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

PCS at paras 89–93.

16 Third, the Prosecution submits that the accused was remunerated for the
work he did for Ah Kiat in money and not heroin. He agreed to work for Ah Kiat
because he was facing financial difficulties. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

PCS at para 100.

17 Finally, as a general submission, the Prosecution argues that the accused
is not a credible witness. The Prosecution gives three reasons in support of
this submission. First, the accused’s testimony at trial is “wildly
inconsistent” with his accounts to the CNB and Dr Koh. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

PCS at para 108.

The case his counsel put to various Prosecution witnesses also morphed. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

PCS at para 108.

Second, the accused has a propensity for lying in his self-interest. During
trial, he admitted to having lied to various witnesses. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

PCS at paras 111–113.

Third, the accused performed a volte-face as regards Eng’s involvement in Ah
Kiat’s drug operation. Until his cross-examination in November 2020, the
accused had consistently exonerated Eng from any involvement in the repacking
of the drugs. However, under cross-examination, the accused painted Eng as Ah
Kiat’s right-hand man who had delivered drug trafficking paraphernalia to him.
43

##### Foot Note 43

×

PCS at paras 114–115.

18 For all the above reasons, the Prosecution urges the court to convict the
accused.

The Defence’s case

19 To recapitulate, the accused’s defence is that the 14.08g of heroin in
Exhibit D1A2 was for his own consumption and was given to him by Ah Kiat as
remuneration for work done. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

DCS at para 12.

The accused makes the following points in support of the Consumption Defence.

20 First, the accused argues that he has a long history of heavy drug abuse
since he was about 18 years old. In particular, the 1978 Accident caused the
accused to turn to heroin. This is because the accused began suffering from
auditory hallucinations featuring the voice of his friend, “Ah Heng”, who died
in the 1978 Accident. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

DCS at para 14.

When the accused’s close friend, “Alice”, committed suicide in the 1980s, the
accused reported hearing her voice as well. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

DCS at para 14.

The accused also began abusing methamphetamine in the early 2000s, which
exacerbated his auditory hallucinations. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

DCS at para 15.

The accused urges the court to accept the evidence of his expert, Dr Ng Beng
Yeong (“Dr Ng”), over that of Dr Koh. Dr Ng diagnosed the accused as suffering
from a psychotic disorder due to a traumatic brain injury sustained in the
1978 Accident. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

DCS at para 117; Notes of Evidence (“NE”), 4 February 2021, pp 7:19–21,
92:21–24.

Additionally, after his release from the Drug Rehabilitation Centre (“DRC”) in
December 2014, the accused’s heroin consumption rate increased from 4 to 5g of
heroin over two to three days in December 2014 to 16 to 20g a day by October
2015. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

DCS at para 16.

21 Second, the accused submits that his agreement with Ah Kiat was, inter
alia, that for every 7.8g sachet of heroin he repacked, he would be paid $10
not in cash but in kind (ie, in heroin). 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

DCS at para 19.

The accused’s main motivation behind working for Ah Kiat was to obtain heroin
for his own consumption, not to earn money. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

DCS at paras 21, 23 and 26.

The accused argues that the cost price of the heroin in Exhibit D1A2
corresponds to the amount he earned for the initial four instances of
repacking he had performed for Ah Kiat since October 2015. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

DCS at paras 42–49.

22 Third, the accused submits that consuming 16 to 20g of heroin a day is
believable. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

DCS at para 29.

Among other factors, the accused relies on the expert evidence of Dr Munidasa
Winslow (“Dr Winslow”) to prove that the concentration of heroin found in his
urine sample in Exhibit D1 (“Urine Sample D1”), taken on 9 December 2015, is
consistent with a consumption rate of 16 to 20g of heroin a day. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

DCS at para 35–38.

23 Fourth, as regards his statements, the accused submits that he stated, at
para 36 of the Fourth Long Statement, that the heroin in Exhibit D1A2 was for
his own consumption. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

DCS at para 51; Fourth Long Statement at para 36: ABOD at p 272.

In relation to para 37 of the Fourth Long Statement, the accused submits that
his recorded response “I intend to repack this bundle of ‘Bai Fen’ into 60
smaller sachets” [emphasis added] was given in reference to Exhibit A1A, not
Exhibit D1A2. The Fourth Long Statement does not record that “this bundle”
refers to Exhibit D1A2. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

DCS at paras 108–109; Fourth Long Statement at para 37: ABOD at p 272.

24 He also argues that his contemporaneous statements should be given little
weight as he was under heavy drug intoxication at the time, having consumed a
mixture of heroin and methamphetamine approximately two and four hours before
the recording of the two contemporaneous statements respectively. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

DCS at para 56.

He had therefore lost the ability to analyse questions being posed to him and
to give accurate answers. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

DCS at para 61.

In particular, at Q9 of the First Contemporaneous Statement, where he is
recorded as answering “[s]ame, repack into smaller packets and pass it to Ah
Kiat's friend”, 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

First Contemporaneous Statement at Q9/A9: ABOD at p 75.

the accused argues that he was operating under the mistaken impression that he
was being asked about Exhibit A1A, not Exhibit D1A2. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

DCS at para 72.

25 As for his Cautioned Statement, the accused submits that he failed to
outline his Consumption Defence for good reasons: (a) he was suffering from
withdrawal symptoms from not having consumed heroin or methamphetamine for
many hours; 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

DCS at para 74.

and (b) he was completely unaware of the importance of stating that the heroin
in Exhibit D1A2 was for his own consumption. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

DCS at para 77.

This is because the accused is of borderline intelligence. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

DCS at para 79.

No adverse inference should be drawn against the accused for failing to state
his Consumption Defence in the Cautioned Statement. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

DCS at paras 76 and 80.

26 As for his long statements, while the accused accepts that they are more
reliable, his case is that they contain inaccuracies. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

DCS at para 91.

Insp Desmond’s questions were translated to the accused in Mandarin. However,
the accused is not proficient in Mandarin and was unable to understand several
portions of the questions translated to him. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

DCS at paras 92 and 94.

The accused also submits that some parts of his long statement were
erroneously recorded, including para 4 of the First Long Statement where he is
recorded as saying that he consumed half a packet of 7.8g of heroin per day
prior to his arrest in December 2015. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

DCS at para 95; P112 (“First Long Statement”) at para 4: ABOD at p 260.

Some nuances in his responses were also not accurately recorded. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

DCS at para 99 and 102–104.

In addition, the accused submits that while the long statements were being
recorded, multiple photographs were left on the table, instead of those
irrelevant to the question being asked being kept away. Multiple questions
were also asked at a time. These latter two practices, combined with the
accused’s rudimentary understanding of and ability to speak Mandarin, led to
confusion by the accused. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

DCS at paras 105–106.

27 Fifth, the accused submits that he was unaware of the importance of
including certain crucial information in his statements and in examination-in-
chief (“EIC”) because he is a layman with borderline intelligence. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

DCS at para 81.

These include that: (a) Eng told the accused that the heroin in Exhibit D1A2
was his salary; 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

DCS at para 82.

(b) there was a straw of heroin inside a white soapbox in the Rented Room
containing 1–2g of heroin, which was not seized by the CNB officers; 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

DCS at paras 85–88.

and (c) the accused collected horseracing money for Ah Kiat in the amounts of
$18,000 and $3,000 before he started repacking heroin for Ah Kiat. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

DCS at paras 89–90.

Issues to be determined

28 Based on the foregoing, the issues for my determination are as follows:

(a) whether the Prosecution has established beyond a reasonable doubt, on a
prima facie basis (see [34] below), that the accused possessed the heroin in
Exhibit D1A2 for the purpose of trafficking; and

(b) whether the accused has established, on the balance of probabilities, the
Consumption Defence.

Elements of the Trafficking Charge

29 The elements of the offence of trafficking under s 5(1)(a) read with s 5(2)
of the MDA are enumerated in Muhammad Ridzuan bin Md Ali v Public Prosecutor
and other matters [2014] 3 SLR 721 at [59] as follows:

(a) possession of a controlled drug (“Possession Element”) – which may be
proved or presumed under s 18(1) of the MDA, or deemed under s 18(4) of the
MDA;

(b) knowledge of the nature of the drug (“Knowledge Element”) – which may be
proved or presumed under s 18(2) of the MDA; and

(c) proof that possession of the drug was for the purpose of trafficking which
was not authorised (“Purpose Element”).

30 For the Purpose Element, whether the drugs are in the accused’s possession
for the purpose of trafficking may be proved or presumed pursuant to s 17 of
the MDA (see [12] above).

31 If the elements of the charge are made out, the accused is to be convicted
and the next issue that would arise is sentencing. Where a person is convicted
under s 5(1)(a) read with s 5(2) of the MDA for trafficking in more than 15g
of heroin, the punishment prescribed under s 33 read with the Second Schedule
of the MDA is death. This is subject to s 33B of the MDA, which provides an
alternative sentencing regime if the conditions therein are fulfilled.

Whether the Prosecution has established a prima facie offence?

Possession and Knowledge Elements

32 The Possession and Knowledge Elements of the trafficking offence are not in
dispute and are therefore proved beyond a reasonable doubt. It bears
emphasising that the drugs forming the subject matter of the Trafficking
Charge are Exhibits A1A, A2, A4A and D1A2. The SOAF makes clear at para 35
that:

At all material times, [the accused] knew that Exhibits “A1A”, “A2”, “A3”,
“A4A’” “B1C1”, “B1C2”, “B1C3”, “B1C4”, “B1C5A”, B1D1” and “D1A2” contained
diamorphine. [The accused] was also in possession of the exhibits above.

Purpose Element

33 I will examine the Prosecution’s alternative cases in turn, beginning with
its primary case.

Whether the Prosecution can establish beyond a reasonable doubt, on a prima
facie basis, that the accused possessed the drugs in Exhibit D1A2 for the
purpose of trafficking?

34 Preliminarily, I clarify what I mean by asking whether the Prosecution can
establish possession for the purpose of trafficking beyond a reasonable doubt
on a prima facie basis. The Court of Appeal in Public Prosecutor v GCK and
another matter [2020] 1 SLR 486 (“GCK”) at [149(e)] said that the principle of
proof beyond a reasonable doubt can be conceptualised in two ways. The first
is where a reasonable doubt arises from within the case mounted by the
Prosecution. The Court of Appeal explained (GCK at [149(e)]):

As part of its own case, the Prosecution must adduce sufficient evidence to
establish the accused person’s guilt beyond a reasonable doubt on at least a
prima facie basis. Failure to do so may lead to a finding that the Prosecution
has failed to mount a case to answer, or to an acquittal.

35 In this section, I therefore consider whether the Prosecution has proved
the accused’s guilt beyond a reasonable doubt on at least a prima facie basis.
The Prosecution argues that the accused consistently maintained that Exhibit
D1A2 was meant for repacking and delivery per the arrangement he had with Ah
Kiat. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

PCS at para 50.

36 I accept that the general arrangement between the accused and Ah Kiat was
that the accused would repack heroin into smaller sachets and deliver it to
another location for collection. He also kept any heroin that remained after
the completion of repacking for his own consumption. This much is clear from
the accused’s First Contemporaneous Statement, 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

First Contemporaneous Statement at Q2/A2, Q4/A4: ABOD at p 74.

Second Long Statement, 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Second Long Statement at paras 12, and 14–17: ABOD at pp 264–266.

Third Long Statement 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Third Long Statement at paras 20, 24–25: ABOD at pp 267–269.

and testimony during his EIC. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

NE, 5 March 2020, pp 11:10–13, 49:10–15, 50:9–20; NE, 12 March 2020, p 51:5–6.
See also Accused’s Opening Address: NE, 4 March 2020, p 5:10–13.

Also, in the accused’s submissions, he is not contesting that he “helped a
drug supplier, only known to [him] as ‘Ah Kiat’, to repack drugs and transact
drug monies”. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

DCS at para 3.

37 But, this general arrangement is not an admission that Exhibit D1A2 was
meant for repacking and delivery. To prove this, the Prosecution points to the
accused’s First Contemporaneous Statement and Fourth Long Statement. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

PCS at paras 50(b) and 50(c).

I will examine each statement in turn.

(1) First Contemporaneous Statement

38 The First Contemporaneous Statement is a series of questions and responses
uttered by Insp Eugene and the accused respectively. The Prosecution relies on
Q9 and A9. For context, I reproduce the portion of First Contemporaneous
statement starting from Q6 and A6: 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

First Contemporaneous Statement at Q6/A6 to Q9/A9: ABOD at p 75.

Q6: What is this? (recorder’s note: Accused was shown 01 blue bag containing
01 bundle of brown granular substance)

A6: Pei Hoon

Q7: How much is inside the blue bag?

A7: 1 pound

Q8: Whose [sic] does it belong to?

A8: It also belongs to Ah Kiat. It was left in my room together with the
earlier packet.

Q9: What are you suppose [sic] to do with it?

A9: Same, repack into smaller packets and pass it to Ah Kiat’s friend.

39 The Prosecution submits that the “blue bag” referred to in Q6 and Q7 is
Exhibit D1, which is the blue bag in which Exhibit D1A2 was found. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

PCS at para 67.

Insp Eugene testified that he showed the accused Exhibit D1 when Q6 was asked.
83

##### Foot Note 83

×

NE, 16 August 2019, p 26:13–28.

The Prosecution argues that the question and response recorded in Q9 and A9
respectively speak to the purpose for which Exhibit D1A2 was in the accused’s
possession.

40 In response, the accused submits that little weight should be placed on
both contemporaneous statements because he was labouring under heavy drug
intoxication at the time they were recorded. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

DCS at para 64.

He was suffering from effects such as confusion. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

DCS at para 73.

Specifically, when the accused responded to Q9, he submits that he was
“operating under the mistaken impression that he was being asked about Exhibit
A1A again, and … he meant that he was supposed to repack the remainder of the
heroin in Exhibit A1A”. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

DCS at para 72.

41 There are two issues I have to resolve. First, whether the accused intended
to refer to Exhibit D1A2 when he answered Q9 in the First Contemporaneous
Statement. Second, the extent to which the accused was intoxicated by drugs at
the time the contemporaneous statements were recorded. I begin my analysis
with the second issue because it affects the first one as well.

(A) To what extent did the accused suffer from effects of drug intoxication
when the contemporaneous statements were being recorded?

42 It is not disputed that the accused consumed heroin and methamphetamine on
the day of his arrest on 8 December 2015. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

PCS at para 62.

The parties disagree on the effect that this had on the accused at the time
that the contemporaneous statements were recorded – at or about 9.30pm and
11.20pm on 8 December 2015 respectively.

43 I am unable to pinpoint the times at which the accused consumed heroin and
methamphetamine on the day of his arrest. In his EIC, the accused said that he
started consuming these drugs at about “5.00 to 6.00pm or 6.00 to 7.00pm” and
did so all the way until he was arrested at or about 7.35pm. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

NE, 6 March 2020, p 28:5–7.

In his submissions, he describes the time of his consumption variously as
“sometime between 6.50pm and 7.25pm”, 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

DCS at para 4.

“approximately two and four hours” before each contemporaneous statement
respectively, 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

DCS at para 56.

“a few hours before his contemporaneous statements were recorded”, 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

DCS at para 70.

and “just 2 hours before” the First Contemporaneous Statement was recorded. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

Defence’s Reply Submissions of 7 May 2021 (“DRS”) at para 4.

In its submissions, the Prosecution does not expressly challenge these aspects
of the accused’s submissions. I will therefore assume, without deciding, that
the drugs were consumed by the accused approximately two to four hours before
each contemporaneous statement.

44 The accused claims that he was labouring under heavy drug intoxication at
the time of the contemporaneous statements, as evidenced by the fact that
Urine Sample D1 reflected a high amount of amphetamines and opioids in his
body. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

DCS at paras 57–60.

Further, he argues that his heavy drug intoxication did not manifest
physically and could not have been observed by the CNB officers who interacted
with him during and around the time of the recording of the contemporaneous
statements – Insp Eugene and Senior Staff Sergeant Bukhari Bin Ahmad (“SSSgt
Bukhari”). 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

DCS at para 65–70.

45 I will address each argument in turn.

(I) The urine tests

46 I begin by examining the significance of the results of the accused’s two
urine tests. Urine Sample D1 was taken from the accused at about 2.10am on 9
December 2015. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

D8, Dr Munidasa Winslow’s First Report of 31 January 2020 (“Dr Winslow’s First
Medical Report”) at para 18; D1; DCS at para 57.

The instant urine test (“IUT”) 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

NE, 1 February 2021, p 91:6–8.

performed on the same day recorded “over-range” amphetamine levels and 1148.0
nanograms per ml of opiates. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

D1.

The IUT is a presumptive screening test before a confirmatory test by the HSA
(“HSA Urine Test”) is performed. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

NE, 2 March 2020, pp 2:30–3:2.

The results of the HSA Urine Test are summarised as follows: 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

Dr Winslow’s First Medical Report at p 8; NE, 2 March 2020, pp 7:24–8:3.

Substance| Sample| Concentration (nanograms per ml)| Concentration (mg/l)  
---|---|---|---  
Monoacetylmorphine| C-SA-15-01874-1| 16.3| 0.0163  
C-SA-15-01874-2| 16.4| 0.0164  
Methamphetamine| C-SA-15-01874-1| 74,600| 74.60  
C-SA-15-01874-2| 66,500| 66.5  
  
47 The accused relies heavily on Dr Winslow’s opinion that these results
indicate that the level of methamphetamine in the accused’s system was “way
about the cut-off levels for detection”. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

DCS at para 58; D13, Dr Munidasa Winslow’s Second Report of 24 February 2021
(“Dr Winslow’s Second Medical Report”) at para 5.

Dr Winslow hypothesised that the accused was therefore likely suffering from
some form of altered mental status and physical symptoms when the
contemporaneous statements were recorded. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

DCS at para 58; Dr Winslow’s Second Report at paras 5–6.

In contrast, the Prosecution argues that Dr Winslow’s evidence cannot shed any
light on the accused’s condition when the contemporaneous statements were
recorded from him. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

PCS at para 65.

This is because: (a) Dr Winslow’s conclusion in his first report of 31 January
2020 (“Dr Winslow’s First Medical Report”) that the concentration of
methamphetamine in the accused’s urine was 13 to 14 times the toxic range is
unsupported; and (b) his hypothesis in his second report of 24 February 2021
(“Dr Winslow’s Second Medical Report”) that the accused likely suffered from
some form of “altered mental status” during the recording of the
contemporaneous statements is speculative. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

PCS at paras 63–64.

48 I agree with the Prosecution for the following reasons.

49 First, Dr Winslow’s assertion that the level of methamphetamine in the
accused’s urine was 13 to 14 times the usual levels associated with toxicity
(“the Toxicity Assertion”) is devoid of merit. Dr Winslow conceded in cross-
examination that he mistakenly compared the accused’s urine test results to
literature on toxic ranges in blood. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

NE, 1 February 2021, pp 91:11–93:14.

He further accepts that there is no formula by which to extrapolate toxicity
levels for blood from that of urine. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

NE, 1 February 2021, p 93:15–17.

When re-called as a witness, Dr Winslow ventured that based on his practical
experience, the concentration of methamphetamine in a person’s urine will
correspond with that in the person’s blood. But, he conceded that this
purported correspondence was simply his hypothesis. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

NE, 2 March 2021, pp 5:30–7:15, 15:22–16:10.

In Dr Winslow’s Second Medical Report, he also admits that he is unable to
locate research that correlates concentrations of drugs in urine with levels
of toxicity and that there is “no ext[a]nt literature on urine toxicology
levels related … to toxicity symptoms of methamphetamine”. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

Dr Winslow’s Second Medical Report at para 4; NE, 2 March 2021, p 4:22–23.

In my view, the Toxicity Assertion is merely conjecture and I do not accord it
any weight.

50 Second, although Dr Winslow discards the Toxicity Assertion in his Second
Medical Report, he instead opines that the accused’s urine test results
disclose “very high levels of methamphetamine concentrations” which would have
altered the accused’s mental status. He says this because he reads the
accused’s level of methamphetamine as having been recorded as “over-range” in
his IUT. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

Dr Winslow’s Second Medical Report at paras 5–6.

However, I accept the Prosecution’s submission that the “over-range” reading
does not reveal the precise quantity of drugs in the accused’s urine at the
material time, much less the effect of drug intoxication on the accused. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

Prosecution’s Reply Submissions of 7 May 2021 (“PRS”) at para 13.

51 The “over-range” reading for amphetamines in the IUT simply means that the
quantity of amphetamines detected exceeded a cut-off value (1,000 nanograms
per ml of urine). 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

NE, 2 March 2020, p 4:29–31.

As explained by Ms Zhang Huifen Hannah (“HSA Analyst Zhang”), the HSA analyst
who analysed Urine Sample D1: if the cut-off value is exceeded, HSA then tests
for the presence of a particular compound. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

NE, 2 March 2020, pp 2:30–5:19.

Further, HSA Analyst Zhang clarified that the IUT detects the presence of
amphetamines, which includes both controlled and non-controlled substances.
112

##### Foot Note 112

×

NE, 2 March 2020, p 5:5–11.

Seen in this context, the “over-range” reading of amphetamines in the IUT is
not determinative of the concentration of methamphetamine in the accused’s
urine and therefore the extent to which the accused suffered from effects of
drug intoxication (if at all). In other words, Dr Winslow’s hypothesis that
the accused suffered from an altered mental status and a host of physical
symptoms at the time the contemporaneous statements were recorded has no leg
to stand on.

52 The other aspect of Dr Winslow’s evidence relied on by the accused is that
the peak effects of consuming heroin and methamphetamine would usually be felt
within the first four hours. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

NE, 1 February 2021, pp 13:29–14:10.

The accused submits that the contemporaneous statements were taken within this
window of time and therefore the effect of the methamphetamine and heroin
would have been extremely strong. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

DCS at para 60.

But this is a leap of logic – even accepting that the peak of the intoxicating
effects occurred within this window, the argument still presupposes that the
amount of drugs consumed by the accused was sufficient to induce an altered
mental state and physical symptoms. To the contrary, as I later explain at
[63], the objective circumstances contradict the accused’s claim to have
suffered such serious intoxicating effects.

(II) The accused’s account of the effects of drug intoxication

53 Next, I consider the weight to be given to accused’s own account of the
intoxicating effects he felt and his claim that these effects did not manifest
physically and could not have been observed by the CNB officers recording the
contemporaneous statements.

54 The accused testified that he felt like he was “floating” after smoking the
mixture of heroin and methamphetamine on the day of his arrest. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

NE, 6 March 2020, p 31:16–17.

He also describes himself as having felt sleepy, 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

NE, 6 March 2020, p 46:22.

“blur blur” and not alert during the recording of the First Contemporaneous
Statement. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

NE, 6 March 2020, p 50:29.

As for when the Second Contemporaneous Statement was being recorded, the
accused says he continued to feel “high”, meaning that he was able to answer
questions when asked but was unable to “analyse” them. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

NE, 12 March 2020, p 19:29–32.

Based on his prior testimony, I assume that by “analyse”, he meant to say that
he was unable to determine whether his answers were accurate or inaccurate.
119

##### Foot Note 119

×

NE, 12 March 2020, p 11:2–28.

55 In contrast, the Prosecution submits that the evidence of the CNB officers
who interacted with the accused around the time of and during the recording of
the contemporaneous statements (ie, Insp Eugene and SSSgt Bukhari) should be
preferred. The CNB officers said that the accused did not display any symptoms
which were a cause for concern. However, they conceded that they had no
insight as to the accused’s mental state. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

PCS at para 65.

The Prosecution makes this argument to discredit Dr Winslow’s evidence on the
accused’s condition when the contemporaneous statements were recorded from
him. But, I will consider it in the broader context of what weight to attach
to the accused’s account of the effects of drug intoxication.

56 I am not prepared to find that the CNB officers’ evidence renders the
accused’s account wholly unbelievable.

57 On one hand, both CNB officers each have over two decades of experience
interacting with drug addicts and are able to identify typical symptoms of
drug intoxication and withdrawal. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

NE, 16 August 2019, pp 8:14– 9:30 (Insp Eugene); NE, 13 August 2019, p
106:18–30 (SSSgt Bukhari).

58 Neither CNB officer observed the accused displaying any physical symptoms
of drug intoxication or withdrawal. SSSgt Bukhari identified several common
symptoms of a drug high and withdrawal: shivering, vomiting and runny nose.
122

##### Foot Note 122

×

NE, 13 August 2019, p 108:16.

He did not notice the accused exhibiting any of these symptoms at the material
time. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

NE, 13 August 2019, p 108:17–18.

Similarly, Insp Eugene said that the accused did not show: (a) any signs of
needing medical attention; (b) any signs of drug withdrawal such as teary
eyes, runny nose, headache and diarrhoea; (c) slurred speech, which Insp
Eugene identified as an effect of drug intoxication or withdrawal; or (d)
delayed response. To the contrary, Insp Eugene described the accused as
responsive. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

NE, 16 August 2019, pp 8:12–9:21.

59 But, that the accused appeared physically well does not exclude the
possibility of drug intoxication affecting his mental state. SSSgt Bukhari
accepts that “[m]aybe” one can look physically normal but still be labouring
under the influence of drugs. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

NE, 13 August 2019, p 115:5–7.

Similarly, Insp Eugene admits that he had no insight as to the accused’s
mental state at the material time. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

NE, 20 August 2019, p 3:12–14.

In addition, Insp Eugene says that he was not trained to determine if suspects
were under the influence of drugs and was therefore speaking only from his own
experience. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

NE, 20 August 2019, pp 2:31–3:3.

Upon arresting the accused, Insp Eugene also did not ask the accused if he had
taken any drugs. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

NE, 20 August 2019, p 7:29–30.

60 In addition, I cannot discount the point Dr Winslow made during his EIC –
that not all effects of drug intoxication may be visible, especially for the
mixture of heroin and methamphetamine consumed by the accused. Methamphetamine
is a stimulant which makes a person more alert, awake or agitated. Conversely,
heroin is a tranquiliser or relaxant with euphoric properties; it causes one
to be more relaxed or restful. 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

NE, 1 February 2021, p 10:7–13.

Dr Winslow opined during his EIC that not all the effects of consuming this
mixture would be visible and reckoned that one would experience confusion and
agitation after consuming a mixture of heroin and methamphetamine: 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

NE, 1 February 2021, pp 10:14–11:25.

Q: … So I guess my question is given that one is a stimulant and one is a
tranquiliser, in that sense, what would [be] the net effect of mixing that and
consuming that day?

A: Usually you’ll get effects for both of them, not all of them are visible
because they tend to cancel like each other to a certain extent in –

Q: Can I clarify the statement you said? Not all of them are visible because
they tend to cancel cannot [sic] – what do you mean by that?

A: Well, there are a lot of symptoms which a person using may have. For
example, you may feel like sense of inner restlessness or inner tension. But,
yah, it is not visible to people from outside.

…

Q: So what kind of effects would one expect from consuming a mixture of Ice
and heroin?

A: It’s very difficult to say. Okay. But given that the predominance there was
the Ice –

Q: Yes.

A: – I would say that it would be more one of confusion or agitation.

Q: Confusion and agitation. These are the effects associated with his mental
state or do you mean that in a physical form?

A: Mental state –

Q: Right.

A: – usually.

[emphasis added]

Dr Winslow further added in his EIC that people who are high generally agree
to most things, whatever is asked of them. 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

NE, 1 February 2021, p 14:24–26.

61 The accused also highlights that Dr Chua Teck Meng Henry (“Dr Chua”)
explained that consuming heroin would affect the accused’s clarity and
coherence, and consuming methamphetamine would lead to disinhibition. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

DCS at para 63; NE, 15 August 2019, p 110:4–20.

Dr Chua is a medical officer attached to the CMC, where the accused was sent
for drug withdrawal observation from 10 December 2015 to 12 December 2015. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

Dr Chua Teck Meng Henry’s conditioned statement at paras 2–3: ABOD at p 137.

However, as Dr Chua was not asked to comment on the possible effects of
consuming both heroin and methamphetamine at the same time, I do not ascribe
any significance to this portion of his evidence.

62 Nonetheless, the evidence of Insp Eugene, SSSgt Bukhari and Dr Winslow
indicates that the accused may have experienced psychological side effects
which did not manifest in observable symptoms. Accordingly, I acknowledge the
possibility that the accused was under some effects of drug intoxication at
the time the contemporaneous statements were recorded.

63 But, I do not agree with the accused’s submission that the drug
intoxication was so severe that it “obfuscated his comprehension of which
exhibit he was being questioned on” at Q9 of the First Contemporaneous
Statement. 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

DCS at para 70; DRS at para 3.

There is simply insufficient evidence to that effect. In my view, the absence
of observable physical symptoms detracts from the severity of the intoxicating
effects. That the accused had the presence of mind to deny ownership of the
drugs found in his possession, blame Ah Kiat’s men for putting the drugs
inside the Rented Room and assert that he was only repacking drugs into
smaller packets for collection by Ah Kiat’s men also undermines this
submission, and his claim that he was unable to discern if his answers were
accurate or not. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

ABOD at pp 74–75 (Q2/A2, Q3/A3, Q4/A4, Q8/A8).

Instead, the accused’s responses recorded in the First Contemporaneous
Statement are exculpatory, to an extent, and uncharacteristic of a confused
mind.

64 Further, Dr Winslow accepts that because he was unable to examine the
accused at the time the contemporaneous statements were recorded, he is unable
to opine on the degree to which the accused’s mental state was altered at that
time. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

NE, 2 March 2021, p 18:1–6.

He agreed, under cross-examination, that the court should then consider the
observations of those who interacted with the accused at the material time.
137

##### Foot Note 137

×

NE, 2 March 2021, p 18:10–14.

To my mind, such persons must include Insp Eugene and SSSgt Bukhari.

65 In the final analysis, although it is possible for the accused to have
experienced some effects of drug intoxication, I reject the contention that
these effects were so severe as to deprive his responses in the
contemporaneous statements of all or most of their evidential value.

(B) Did the accused intend to refer to Exhibit D1A2 when he answered Q9 in the
First Contemporaneous Statement?

66 To recapitulate, at A9, the accused is recorded as saying that the exhibit
he was shown was meant to be repacked for Ah Kiat. Two issues arise:

(a) Was the accused shown Exhibit D1A2 at Q6? By way of context, the accused
accepts that Q1–Q4 relate to Exhibit A1A. 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

DCS at para 71; NE, 6 March 2020, pp 48:7–52:14.

Q6–Q9 in the First Contemporaneous Statement were asked in relation to one
particular exhibit, the identity of which is to be determined. 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

ABOD at p 75; DCS at para 72.

(b) Even if so, did the accused know that his response at A9 was given in
respect of Exhibits D1 and D1A2?

67 As regards issue (a), the accused argues that even though the First
Contemporaneous Statement records Insp Eugene as having shown the accused a
blue bag (ie, Exhibit D1 in which Exhibit D1A2 was found) at Q6, it is “highly
plausible” that the accused was “under the mistaken impression that he was
being asked about Exhibit A1A again”. 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

DCS at para 72–73.

This is because the accused was “under heavy drug intoxication at the time
these questions were being posed to him, and likely suffering from effects
such as confusion”. 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

DCS at para 73.

Exhibits A1A and D1A2 also contained identical drugs and were wrapped and
packaged identically. 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

DCS at para 73.

The Prosecution argues that Insp Eugene’s testimony confirms that he showed
the accused Exhibits D1 and D1A2 at Q6 of the First Contemporaneous Statement.
Insp Eugene also maintained under cross-examination that the accused could not
have been confused about which exhibit he was being asked about given the way
he had presented the exhibits to him. 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

PCS at para 67.

68 Having considered both parties’ submissions, I prefer Insp Eugene’s
evidence. Not only is there a contemporaneous record of a “blue bag” (ie,
Exhibit D1) being shown to the accused in the recorder’s note at Q6 of the
First Contemporaneous Statement, Insp Eugene confirmed multiple times under
oath that Exhibits D1 and D1A2 were shown to the accused when Q6 was asked.
144

##### Foot Note 144

×

NE, 16 August 2019, p 26:13–20; NE, 20 August 2019, p 33:2–6.

69 In contrast, the accused’s version of events is in constant flux. When
cross-examining Insp Eugene, counsel for the Defence suggested to him that the
accused had been confused about which exhibit was shown to him because of the
effects of drug intoxication. According to the accused, he had mistakenly
thought that Insp Eugene was repeating the earlier question relating to
Exhibit A1A. 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

PCS at para 66(a); NE, 20 August 2019, p 19:15–23.

Later, in his own EIC, the accused said that the Insp Eugene only held up a
sealed transparent bag of heroin (ie, no Exhibit D1) when Q6 was asked. 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

NE, 6 March 2020, p 54:18–24.

Up to this point, I do not think the accused’s case is necessarily
inconsistent. However, the accused performed a volte-face in a later tranche
of his EIC when he admitted to being shown the blue bag (ie, Exhibit D1) with
Exhibit D1A2 outside of the blue bag. 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

NE, 12 March 2020, pp 16:30–18:2.

But, he still maintained that he thought he was being asked about Exhibit A1A
at Q9. 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

NE, 12 March 2020, p 17:3–4.

It bears emphasising that the accused took this new position on 12 March 2020
when I allowed him to clarify three aspects of his evidence given in EIC about
a week earlier on 6 March 2020. 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

NE, 12 March 2020, p 9:11–26.

Even further still, during his re-examination on 16 November 2020, the accused
attempted to recant his earlier admission on 12 March 2020 that he was shown
the blue bag (ie, Exhibit D1), by saying “I’m not sure whether I was shown a
blue bag. I really can’t recall …”. 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

NE, 16 November 2020, p 67:26–27.

Put simply, the accused blew hot and cold about whether he was shown Exhibit
D1 (the blue bag) at Q6. I therefore reject the accused’s contention that he
was not shown Exhibits D1 and D1A2 at Q6.

70 As regards issue (b), I am satisfied that the accused knew that the
questions at Q6–Q9 were directed at Exhibits D1 and D1A2. I do not accept his
assertion that he mistook Q9 to be in reference to Exhibit A1A. The accused
claims that severe drug intoxication confused him as to which exhibit he was
being asked about. However, I have rejected this submission at [63] above.
There is insufficient evidence to show that the intoxicating effects were that
debilitating. In addition, during his re-examination on 16 November 2020, the
accused raised a new allegation that after being arrested, told to sit on the
bed and asked what he had to surrender, he “told [the] inspector that
[Exhibit] D1A2 was for [his] own consumption”. He alleged that this occurred
before the contemporaneous statements were recorded and that he did not know
he “had to repeat [himself] and make another statement”. 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

NE, 16 November 2020, pp 66:13–17.

This allegation was not put to Insp Eugene when he was cross-examined on 20
August 2019. 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

See NE, 20 August 2019, pp 9:32–10:10.

I have no hesitation in rejecting this allegation as an afterthought.

71 Based on the foregoing, I accept that A9 in the First Contemporaneous
Statement is an admission that Exhibit D1A2 was in the accused’s possession
for the purpose of trafficking. However, the weight I am prepared to assign to
this admission is reduced on account of the possible drug intoxication effects
the accused was experiencing at the time.

(2) Fourth Long Statement

72 The Prosecution submits that in the accused’s long statements, he said that
he intended to repack the bundle in Exhibit D1A2 into 60 smaller sachets of
heroin. In support of this submission, the Prosecution footnotes to only para
37 of the Fourth Long Statement, 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

PCS at para 50(c).

which reads as follows: 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

Fourth Long Statement at para 37: ABOD at p 272.

… I remember that there were two bundles of ‘Bai Fen’ for this consignment. I
had then put one bundle of ‘Bai Fen’ into my safe, which was later opened for
the repacking into smaller sachets while I kept the other bundle of ‘Bai Fen’
in the bag and then into my cabinet. I did not keep both bundles of ‘Bai Fen’
into the safe as the safe was too small. I intend to repack this bundle of
‘Bai Fen’ into 60 smaller sachets of ‘Bai Fen’ and the remaining ‘Bai Fen’
will be for my own consumption.

[emphasis added]

73 The parties disagree on how to interpret the words “this bundle” in the
last sentence of the excerpt (“the Disputed Para 37 Sentence”). The
Prosecution’s view is that “this bundle” refers to Exhibit D1A2. In response,
the accused argues that he did not specifically state, in this long statement,
that the heroin in Exhibit D1A2 was for repacking. According to him, when he
said he intended to repack “this bundle of ‘Bai Fen’ into 60 smaller sachets”,
he was still referring to Exhibit A1A. The remaining heroin stated to be for
his own consumption refers to Exhibit D1A2. 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

DRS at para 10.

The accused also highlights having said in his EIC and cross-examination that
when various photographs were shown to him during the recording of the long
statements, they were left on the table instead of being kept away if they
were irrelevant to the question at hand. He further points out that Insp
Desmond admitted during cross-examination that it was his own impression that
the accused was referring to Exhibit D1A2 when he stated that he intended to
repack “this bundle of ‘Bai Fen’ into 60 sachets”. 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

DRS at paras 10–11.

74 For reasons I explain at [106]–[128] below, I prefer the Prosecution’s
interpretation of the Disputed Para 37 Sentence on the balance of
probabilities. But this does not change the fact that this sentence is poorly
worded, and I therefore do not think it can sustain the weight of the
accused’s conviction. Even taking it together with A9 in the First
Contemporaneous Statement, I am unable to conclude that these two admissions
establish the Purpose Element, in relation to Exhibit D1A2, beyond a
reasonable doubt on a prima facie basis. In keeping with the exhortation in
GCK at [149(e)] to “particularise the specific weakness in the Prosecution’s
own evidence that irrevocably lowers it below the threshold of proof beyond a
reasonable doubt”, I find that: (a) the possibility of the accused
experiencing drug intoxication when the First Contemporaneous Statement was
recorded; and (b) a reasonable doubt as to the proper interpretation of the
Disputed Para 37 Sentence, combine to raise a reasonable doubt as to the
accused’s guilt. Of course, whether these statements, among others, are
sufficient to defeat the accused’s Consumption Defence is a separate issue
which I examine below. To succeed, the Prosecution must therefore rely on the
presumption under s 17(c) of the MDA.

Presumption under s 17 of the MDA

75 The presumption in s 17(c) of the MDA is raised because the Possession and
Knowledge Elements in respect of the 25.01g of heroin in the Trafficking
Charge are made out. The accused is thus presumed to have had all 25.01g of
heroin in his possession for the purpose of trafficking – both the actus reus
and mens rea of trafficking are deemed to be present (Lee Ngin Kiat v Public
Prosecutor [1993] 1 SLR(R) 695 at [22], cited in Ali bin Mohamad Bahashwan v
Public Prosecutor and other appeals [2018] 1 SLR 610 (“Ali”) at [94]). The
onus shifts to the accused to prove on the balance of probabilities that his
possession of Exhibit D1A2 was not for the purpose of trafficking (Public
Prosecutor v Wan Yue Kong and others [1995] 1 SLR(R) 83 at [20]–[21]; Ali at
[94]).

Whether the Consumption Defence is established on the balance of
probabilities?

76 When dealing with a defence of consumption, a court will consider the
overall circumstances of the case, including the following factors (Muhammad
bin Abdullah v Public Prosecutor and another appeal [2017] 1 SLR 427
(“Muhammad bin Abdullah”) at [29] and [31]):

(a) the rate of drug consumption;

(b) the frequency of supply;

(c) whether the accused had the financial means to purchase the drugs for
himself; and

(d) whether he had made a contrary admission in any of his statements that the
whole quantity of drugs was for sale.

Whether the accused made contrary admissions in any of his statements?

77 One relevant factor mentioned in Muhammad bin Abdullah is whether the
accused made any admissions contrary to the Consumption Defence in any of his
statements.

78 I found earlier that the accused admitted in the First Contemporaneous
Statement that Exhibit D1A2 was to be repacked for Ah Kiat. I now examine
other relevant statements given by the accused in the course of
investigations. The Prosecution argues that full weight should be given to the
admissions in the accused’s statements and that the challenges to the accuracy
of the statements lack credibility. 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

PCS at para 56.

The accused takes the converse position.

Cautioned Statement

79 The Prosecution argues that the accused failed to state the Consumption
Defence in the Cautioned Statement. The accused merely denied selling the
drugs and said that his job scope was confined to passing the drugs to people
who wanted them and collecting money on Ah Kiat’s behalf. 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

PCS at para 23.

The accused argues that no adverse inference should be drawn against him for
failing to state his Consumption Defence in this statement. He offers two
reasons for this omission: (a) he was suffering from withdrawal symptoms from
not having consumed heroin or methamphetamine for many hours; 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

DCS at para 74.

and (b) he was completely unaware of the importance of stating that the heroin
in Exhibit D1A2 was for his own consumption. 160

##### Foot Note 160

×

DCS at para 77.

This is because the accused is of borderline intelligence. 161

##### Foot Note 161

×

DCS at para 79.

I will consider each of these reasons in turn.

(1) Was the accused suffering from drug withdrawal symptoms when the Cautioned
Statement was recorded?

80 To prove that he was suffering from drug withdrawal symptoms at the time of
the Cautioned Statement (ie, 9 December 2015 at about 5.23pm), 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

P106 (“Cautioned Statement”) at p 1: ABOD at p 241.

the accused relies on medical examinations conducted after 9 December 2015.
Namely, he highlights that Dr Chua and Dr Cheok Liangzhi (“Dr Cheok”), who
examined him at the CMC, observed him displaying drug withdrawal symptoms. 163

##### Foot Note 163

×

DCS at para 74; DRS at para 24.

Dr Chua and Dr Cheok’s observations are recorded in the former’s medical
report of 22 February 2016 (“Dr Chua’s Medical Report”). By way of background,
the accused was sent for drug withdrawal observation at the CMC from 10–12
December 2015 and was discharged on 14 December 2015. 164

##### Foot Note 164

×

Dr Chua Teck Meng Henry’s medical report of 22 February 2016 (“Dr Chua’s
Medical Report”) at paras 2 and 5(f): ABOD at pp 138–139.

81 Dr Chua saw the accused at the CMC on 10 December 2015. 165

##### Foot Note 165

×

Dr Chua’s Medical Report at para 3: ABOD at p 138.

He records the accused complaining of “chills, difficulty in sitting still,
severe bodyache, nasal stuffiness, vomiting and … increasing irritability and
anxiousness”. Dr Chua also noticed a “[g]ross tremor with muscle twitching”.
166

##### Foot Note 166

×

Dr Chua’s Medical Report at paras 3(e)–3(f): ABOD at p 139.

On 11 and 12 December 2015, the accused was seen by Dr Cheok. On 11 December,
he records that the accused complained of chills, severe body ache, runny nose
and diarrhoea. Dr Cheok also notes that the accused’s pupils were possibly
larger than normal for room light and that he had a slight observable tremor.
167

##### Foot Note 167

×

Dr Chua’s Medical Report at paras 4(a)–4(c): ABOD at p 139.

On 12 December, Dr Cheok records the accused complaining of chills, difficulty
in sitting still, mild body ache, nasal stuffiness, diarrhoea and increasing
irritability and anxiousness. The accused’s pupils were still possibly larger
than normal for room light. 168

##### Foot Note 168

×

Dr Chua’s Medical Report at paras 5(a)–5(c): ABOD at p 139.

Dr Chua’s Medical Report concludes that the accused was positive for “moderate
opioid drug withdrawal”. 169

##### Foot Note 169

×

Dr Chua’s Medical Report at para 7: ABOD at p 139.

Evidently, Dr Chua and Dr Cheok examined the accused after the Cautioned
Statement was taken. But Dr Chua accepted under cross-examination –
rightfully, in my view – the possibility of the accused’s drug withdrawal
symptoms starting before 10 December 2015. 170

##### Foot Note 170

×

NE, 15 August 2019, p 104:24–26.

82 To counter the accused’s contention that he was suffering from drug
withdrawal symptoms at the material time, the Prosecution points to medical
reports from and on behalf of doctors who examined the accused directly before
and after the Cautioned Statement was taken. Dr Kevin Teh (“Dr Teh”) performed
a pre-statement medical examination on the accused on 9 December 2015 at about
5.11pm (ie, about 10 minutes before the Cautioned Statement was recorded). He
is currently a doctor attached to the Healthway Medical Group. 171

##### Foot Note 171

×

Dr Kevin Teh’s conditioned statement at para 1: ABOD at p 129.

In his clinical notes, Dr Teh records not having observed any drug withdrawal
signs from the accused (including mydriasis, rhinorrhea, tearing, tremors,
muscle twitching, disphoresis and piloerection). 172

##### Foot Note 172

×

P207, Dr Kevin Teh’s clinical notes (“Dr Teh’s Clinical Notes”) at p 3.

In his conditioned statement, Dr Teh also endorses the contents of a medical
report dated 1 February 2016 prepared by Dr Kang Jun Hui Larry (“Dr Kang”)
pertaining to the pre-statement medical examination the former had carried out
(“Dr Kang’s Medical Report”). 173

##### Foot Note 173

×

Dr Kevin Teh’s conditioned statement at para 3: ABOD at p 129.

This report states that on examination, the accused was “alert and well with
full GCS [ie, Glasgow Coma Scale] of 15, pupil equal and reactive to light …
and his gait was intact”. 174

##### Foot Note 174

×

Dr Kang Jun Hui Larry’s medical report (“Dr Kang’s Medical Report”): ABOD at p
131; NE, 15 August 2019, p 68:29 (for spelling out of GCS).

For clarity, Dr Teh testified that a GCS score of 15 means that the accused
was “fully alert, oriented, able to converse, and able to follow
instructions”. 175

##### Foot Note 175

×

NE, 15 August 2019, p 68:29–30.

As for the post-statement medical examination, this was performed by Dr
Cheriane Canlas Tanhueco (“Dr Cheriane”), a clinical associate attached to the
Emergency Medicine Department of the National University Hospital. 176

##### Foot Note 176

×

Dr Cheriane Canlas Tanhueco’s conditioned statement at paras 1–2: ABOD at p
133.

The post-statement examination took place on 9 December 2015 at about 8.11pm.
In her medical report dated 11 July 2016, Dr Cheriane notes that the accused
was “alert and not in any cardiopulmonary distress. Vital signs were normal …
he has stable gait. He was otherwise neurologically intact”. 177

##### Foot Note 177

×

Dr Cheriane Canlas Tanhueco’s medical report of 11 July 2016: ABOD at p 134.

83 On balance, I am not satisfied that the accused was likely suffering from
drug withdrawal symptoms, or ones that were so serious as to diminish the
reliability of the Cautioned Statement. I prefer the evidence of Dr Teh
(corroborated by Dr Kang’s Medical Report) and Dr Cheriane because their
examinations of the accused were more proximate in time to the recording of
the Cautioned Statement than Dr Chua and Dr Cheok’s. Crucially, Dr Teh did not
observe any drug withdrawal symptoms in the pre-statement examination and both
Dr Kang’s and Dr Cheriane’s medical reports describe the accused as being
“alert”.

84 Further, the accused’s submission that he intended to “complete [his]
statement as soon as possible so that [he] could go back to the lock-up to
rest” 178

##### Foot Note 178

×

DCS at para 75; NE, 9 November 2020, pp 45: 21–22, 63:12–14.

and that he was unable to express himself well during the recording of the
Cautioned Statement as he was suffering from withdrawal symptoms 179

##### Foot Note 179

×

DCS at para 76; NE, 9 November 2020, p 47:10–12.

does not advance his case. I have already rejected the accused’s submission as
regards experiencing drug withdrawal symptoms at the time the Cautioned
Statement was recorded. The second contention is thus a non-starter. As
regards the first contention, I have difficulty accepting that his desire to
go back and rest, even assuming this to be true, is a reasonable excuse for
not raising the Consumption Defence. I agree with the Prosecution’s submission
that the contents of the Cautioned Statement speak to the accused’s lucidity.
He was careful enough to deny selling the drugs. 180

##### Foot Note 180

×

PCS at para 68(c).

He also detailed the extent of his involvement in these terms: 181

##### Foot Note 181

×

Cautioned Statement at p 3: ABOD at p 243.

‘Ah Kiat’ told me that he will send someone to send things to my place and he
will ask those who want it to collect it from my place. I am supposed to help
him pass the things to these people and collect money on his behalf. ‘Ah Kiat’
told me he will send someone to collect the money later. I never sell these
things.

I do not accept the accused’s characterisation of the Cautioned Statement as
“scanty” and suffering a “glaring dearth of detail on his involvement in Ah
Kiat’s drug enterprise”. 182

##### Foot Note 182

×

DRS at para 26.

To the contrary, the accused sought to distance himself from Ah Kiat’s drug
enterprise and paint himself as a mere conduit. His claim to not have been in
the “frame of mind” 183

##### Foot Note 183

×

DCS at para 76.

during the recording of the Cautioned Statement to know to state his
Consumption Defence is hard to believe.

(2) Was the accused unaware of the importance of stating the Consumption
Defence?

85 In addition, the accused submits that he is of borderline intelligence.
Therefore, although he is able to function independently and carry out simple
day-to-day tasks, he did not know how crucial it was to state the mainstay of
his defence in the Cautioned Statement. If he was not asked a question on an
issue, he would not know to volunteer such information. 184

##### Foot Note 184

×

DCS at paras 79–80; DRS at para 27.

He also did not know the purpose of the Cautioned Statement at the time. 185

##### Foot Note 185

×

DCS at para 77; NE, 16 November 2020, p 68:28–30.

86 I do not accept this submission. First, even assuming that the accused is
of borderline intelligence, this does not explain his failure to raise the
Consumption Defence in the Cautioned Statement. To illustrate his borderline
intellect, the accused cites certain findings in the medical report of Dr Ng
dated 17 October 2017 (“Dr Ng’s Medical Report”). Dr Ng is a consultant
psychiatrist and director of Ng Beng Yeong Psych Medicine Clinic Pte Ltd and
is one of the accused’s expert witnesses. 186

##### Foot Note 186

×

D11, Dr Ng’s curriculum vitae at p 2.

Specifically, Dr Ng noted that the accused was slower to achieve developmental
milestones like walking and speaking and failed the Primary School Leaving
Examination. 187

##### Foot Note 187

×

Dr Ng Beng Yeong’s medical report of 17 October 2017 (“Dr Ng’s Medical
Report”) at p 4: ABOD at p 544.

The accused also cites Dr Winslow’s belief that even if he has a low
Intelligence Quotient (“IQ”), he can nonetheless be street-smart and make
judgment calls. 188

##### Foot Note 188

×

DCS at para 80; NE, 1 February 2021, p 22:13–21.

The accused’s point is that just because he lived independently and took care
of himself does not mean that he was intelligent enough to know to state the
Consumption Defence. 189

##### Foot Note 189

×

DCS at para 80.

87 However, the portion of Dr Ng’s Medical Report referred to is neither here
nor there. The accused’s delayed achievement of the aforementioned
developmental milestones does not explain his failure to raise the Consumption
Defence. Namely, Dr Ng’s Medical Report does not shed light on why the accused
had the awareness to deny selling the heroin forming the subject matter of the
Trafficking Charge, yet failed to mention the Consumption Defence.

88 Further, Dr Winslow’s evidence is neutral to the accused’s case at best,
and detrimental to it at worst. What is significant is Dr Winslow’s
recognition that someone with a low IQ can still be “street-smart”, make
judgment calls, and that the accused’s “disabilities along the way …[do] not
mean that he cannot think”. 190

##### Foot Note 190

×

NE, 1 February 2021, p 22:13–21.

By “disabilities”, Dr Winslow was referring to the accused’s broken family,
drug-using family members, head injury and the 1978 Accident where Ah Heng
died. One reading of Dr Winslow’s evidence is that even someone with a low IQ
ought to have the presence of mind to raise his defence at the earliest
opportunity. I do not see how this aspect of Dr Winslow’s evidence assists the
accused.

89 In sum, Dr Ng and Dr Winslow’s evidence on the accused’s intellect does not
account for his failure to raise the Consumption Defence in the Cautioned
Statement. The accused is also not a babe in the woods. He has numerous drug-
related antecedents, including for trafficking of heroin and consumption and
possession of a range of drugs. 191

##### Foot Note 191

×

D2, Accused’s antecedents at pp 6–9 and 12–16.

I therefore reject the argument that the accused was not intelligent enough to
appreciate the need to state the Consumption Defence in the Cautioned
Statement.

90 I conclude with this general remark – I agree with the Prosecution that the
accused’s challenge to the accuracy of the Cautioned Statement has constantly
morphed. In her cross-examination of Insp Desmond on 21 August 2019, his
counsel put it to Insp Desmond that he had omitted to state the Consumption
Defence because he was labouring under the effects of drug withdrawal. 192

##### Foot Note 192

×

NE, 21 August 2019, p 101:2–12.

Later, in his EIC on 12 March 2020, the accused said that he did not state the
Consumption Defence because he “was not asked”. He also alleged that Insp
Desmond asked “short questions” to elicit the Cautioned Statement although
neither of these points were put to Insp Desmond on the stand. 193

##### Foot Note 193

×

NE, 12 March 2020, p 29:3–22.

I therefore view these challenges (including those I have dismissed above)
with circumspection.

91 For all the above reasons, the accused is unable to account for his failure
to raise the Consumption Defence in the Cautioned Statement. I explore the
significance of this at [133]–[136] below.

Long statements

92 The Prosecution relies on the long statements primarily to show that the
accused admitted to possessing Exhibit D1A2 for the purpose of repacking it
and that he did not mention the Consumption Defence. 194

##### Foot Note 194

×

PCS at para 80(a).

The accused acknowledges that the long statements are “more reliable” but
claims there are several inaccuracies. 195

##### Foot Note 195

×

DCS at para 91.

These alleged inaccuracies are that:

(a) the accused’s rate of consumption of heroin is erroneously recorded in the
First Long Statement; 196

##### Foot Note 196

×

DCS at paras 95–98.

(b) the Second Long Statement did not record the reason he kept Exhibit D1A2
in Dressing Table D, which was that Exhibit D1A2 contained a large quantity of
heroin and he did not want his friends to know exactly how much heroin he had;
197

##### Foot Note 197

×

DCS at paras 99–100.

(c) that para 40 of the Fourth Long Statement, which records the accused as
referring to “[a]ll the money that [he] earned from drugs”, failed to capture
the fact that this “money” refers to $2,700 Ah Kiat gave him to cover his
rental, the money he would get for collecting horseracing monies and the “few
tens of dollars” he had received for moving drugs other than heroin. It is not
a general admission that the accused was remunerated only in cash for
repacking heroin; 198

##### Foot Note 198

×

DCS at para 104.

and

(d) that the accused told Insp Desmond that the heroin in Exhibit D1A2 was for
his own consumption at paras 36 and 37 of the Fourth Long Statement. 199

##### Foot Note 199

×

DCS at paras 51–53 and 107–110.

93 The alleged reasons for these inaccuracies are: (a) the accused’s lack of
proficiency in Mandarin (the language in which the interviews were conducted);
(b) that photographs of exhibits were left on the table during questioning
instead of being kept away and multiple questions were asked of a single
photograph at once; and (c) that Insp Desmond made certain assumptions. I will
analyse these alleged reasons so as to ascertain whether the long statements
are inaccurate in the abovementioned ways.

(1) Whether the accused is conversant in Mandarin?

94 For the recording of all the long statements, Insp Desmond was assisted by
an interpreter, Mr Wong, who translated his questions to the accused in
Mandarin and translated the accused’s responses back to him in English. Mr
Wong is a Mandarin Language officer attached to the Investigation Division of
the CNB. 200

##### Foot Note 200

×

Mr Wong Png Leong’s conditioned statement at para 1: ABOD at p 199.

95 The accused’s case is that he can speak and understand simple Mandarin.
However, he is much more comfortable in Hokkien and will always default to
Hokkien if he needs to express himself better. 201

##### Foot Note 201

×

DRS at paras 15–17.

His understanding of Mandarin is also limited. 202

##### Foot Note 202

×

DRS at para 15.

The accused relies on the evidence of his brother, Mr Chong Cheong Chai (“Mr
Chong”), Dr Ng and Insp Eugene to corroborate his claim that he is “much more
proficient in the Hokkien language and uses Hokkien to converse most of the
time”. 203

##### Foot Note 203

×

DCS at para 92.

He then claims that he did not know he could elect to speak in Hokkien during
his statement recording because Insp Desmond started speaking to him in
Mandarin. 204

##### Foot Note 204

×

NE, 12 March 2020, p 37:25–27; DCS at para 92.

Because of his alleged lack of proficiency in Mandarin, he testified that he
did not understand what Mr Wong was saying at several points but failed to
clarify because he did not know he could do so or how to do so. 205

##### Foot Note 205

×

NE, 12 March 2020, p 38:20–23; DRS at para 16.

Some nuances of his responses were also not accurately recorded. When the
statements were read back to the accused entirely in Mandarin, he was unable
to detect the inaccuracies or know that he needed to make amendments. 206

##### Foot Note 206

×

DRS at para 16.

96 I need not decide whether the accused is more proficient in Mandarin or
Hokkien. The true issue is whether the accused was adequately proficient in
Mandarin to understand questions being put to him during the recording of the
long statements and to express his responses accurately and completely (“the
Mandarin Proficiency Issue”). I answer this question in the affirmative
because I agree with the Prosecution that the totality of the evidence
establishes the accused being conversant in Mandarin. 207

##### Foot Note 207

×

PCS at para 61.

97 In his EIC, the accused admits to knowing “a little” Mandarin and being
able to read “simple” Mandarin characters. But, he claims to be unable to
understand difficult Mandarin most of the time and to need to mix Mandarin
with Hokkien when trying to converse in the former. 208

##### Foot Note 208

×

NE, 4 March 2020, p 10:12–32.

98 However, I am not convinced that the accused’s proficiency in Mandarin was
so poor as to compromise the reliability of the long statements (or the
Cautioned Statement for that matter). I first address Mr Chong’s, Dr Ng’s and
Insp Eugene’s evidence which the accused relies on to corroborate his claim to
lack proficiency in Mandarin. The strongest evidence in his favour is Dr Ng’s.
Dr Ng testified that the accused is more fluent in Hokkien and that he
therefore switched from Mandarin to Hokkien when interviewing the accused. Dr
Ng said he came to this realisation because he had to repeat his questions in
Mandarin before the accused could “really understand”. 209

##### Foot Note 209

×

NE, 4 February 2021, p 9:9–14.

Even so, Dr Ng’s observations do not mean that the accused was unable to
understand questions in Mandarin or express himself accurately in Mandarin. At
best, Dr Ng’s evidence shows that the accused was more comfortable conversing
in Hokkien. But, this latter conclusion does not necessarily mean that the
Mandarin Proficiency issue should be resolved in the accused’s favour. It is
also incongruous with the fact that the accused chose to speak in Mandarin for
the recording of the Cautioned Statement and long statements (see [102]
below). Thus, I do not think Dr Ng’s evidence takes the accused very far.

99 Mr Chong’s evidence as regards the accused’s Mandarin proficiency is even
more equivocal than Dr Ng’s. Mr Chong testified that he communicates with the
accused in Hokkien and that the accused is only a little conversant in
Mandarin. 210

##### Foot Note 210

×

NE, 2 February 2021, pp 2:33–3:8.

However, I accept the Prosecution’s submission that Mr Chong’s assessment of
the accused’s Mandarin proficiency is premised merely on greetings he heard
the accused exchange with others. 211

##### Foot Note 211

×

PCS at para 60.

To my mind, this is an insufficient basis to write off the accused’s Mandarin
proficiency. Pertinently, Mr Chong also admitted that he hardly kept in
contact with the accused in the three to four years leading up to the
commission of the offence. 212

##### Foot Note 212

×

NE, 2 February 2021, pp 21:2–22:12, 23:5–8.

Thus, I do not regard Mr Chong’s assessment of the accused’s Mandarin
proficiency to be well-supported or contemporaneous with the offence.

100 Insp Eugene’s evidence also does not assist the accused. Insp Eugene began
speaking to the accused in Hokkien because he assumed that it was common for
middle-aged Chinese males to converse in Hokkien. 213

##### Foot Note 213

×

NE, 16 August 2019, p 7:4–18.

He did not do so because the accused was unable to converse in Mandarin.

101 Thus, the corroborative evidence cited by the accused is weak. Instead,
the contention that he was unable to understand Mr Wong at certain points or
that his true response was lost in translation rings hollow against a
substantial body of evidence indicating otherwise. I explain.

102 First, I accept that the accused elected to be interviewed for the long
statements and Cautioned Statement in Mandarin. Insp Desmond consistently
maintained that before a statement was recorded, the accused was offered an
open-ended choice of language or a list of languages that included Hokkien,
214

##### Foot Note 214

×

NE, 21 August 2019, pp 52:1–7 (First Long Statement), 60:9–13 (Second Long
Statement), 65:8–12 (Third Long Statement), 72:6–8 (Fourth Long Statement),
94:2–95:13 (Cautioned Statement), 101:28–102:28 (First Long Statement).

that the accused chose Mandarin and that he had no difficulty communicating in
Mandarin. 215

##### Foot Note 215

×

NE, 21 August 2019, pp 92:31–93:26, 95:21–32; NE, 22 August 2019, p 7:29–8:2.

The start of each long statement also records that the accused chose to have
the statement recorded in Mandarin. 216

##### Foot Note 216

×

First Long Statement at para 1: ABOD at p 259; Second Long Statement at para
7: ABOD at p 262; Third Long Statement at para 19: ABOD at p 267; Fourth Long
Statement at para 35: ABOD at p 272.

The long statements were read back to the accused and signed by him. Mr Wong
has no recollection of the interviews with the accused. However, he
corroborates Insp Desmond’s evidence by confirming that the practice is to
give the interviewee an open-ended choice of language. 217

##### Foot Note 217

×

NE, 22 August 2019, pp 83:2–86:24, 88:5–89:8, 113:7–19, 114:13–115:5.

Mr Wong also said that if the accused had been more comfortable in Hokkien, he
would have asked Insp Desmond to change languages for the next interview or
proceed in Hokkien with Insp Desmond making a note of the change in language.
Mr Wong does not recall this happening. 218

##### Foot Note 218

×

NE, 22 August 2019, pp 116:1–16, 117:14–118:1.

There is also no notation in the long statements of a switch from Mandarin to
Hokkien.

103 Second, other witnesses testified as to having conversed with the accused
in Mandarin and having had no difficulty doing so (whether through an
interpreter or otherwise): Dr Teh, 219

##### Foot Note 219

×

NE, 15 August 2019, pp 66:1–16, 77:20–26.

Dr Chua, 220

##### Foot Note 220

×

NE, 15 August 2019, p 90:20–91:8.

Dr Koh 221

##### Foot Note 221

×

NE, 3 March 2020, pp 11:1–10, 34:3–6.

and Dr Winslow. 222

##### Foot Note 222

×

NE, 1 February 2021, pp 6:32–7:18.

Dr Koh’s testimony is supported by contemporaneous clinical notes, in which he
records speaking to the accused in “Chinese”. 223

##### Foot Note 223

×

Dr Teh’s Clinical Notes, p 2.

In fairness, Dr Winslow said that the accused lapsed into some Hokkien once in
a while. 224

##### Foot Note 224

×

NE, 1 February 2021, p 7:9–11.

This corroborates the accused’s and Mr Chong’s account that the accused would
mix Mandarin with Hokkien when conversing in the former. However, this alone
does not prove on the balance of probabilities that the accused was unable to
understand Insp Desmond’s questions (as translated by Mr Wong in Mandarin) or
express his responses fully and accurately in Mandarin. Especially for the
latter point, Mr Wong is also proficient in translating Hokkien. 225

##### Foot Note 225

×

NE, 22 August 2019, p 81:19–22.

If the accused did lapse into Hokkien, Mr Wong would have been able to
appreciate the totality of the accused’s response.

104 Finally, as a minor point, the accused said this about Dr Lam’s Mandarin:
“[s]he did not know much about Mandarin. She doesn’t speech [sic] much. Simple
Mandarin”. 226

##### Foot Note 226

×

NE, 11 November 2020, p 41:18–19.

I accept the Prosecution’s submission that it is difficult to see how he could
assess Dr Lam’s language proficiency without himself being conversant in
Mandarin. 227

##### Foot Note 227

×

PCS at para 59(d).

This is another factor undermining his claim to have only a limited
understanding of Mandarin and to have been unable to express all the nuances
of his responses in Mandarin.

105 Based on the foregoing, I resolve the Mandarin Proficiency Issue against
the accused. Accordingly, I discount any challenge to the reliability or
accuracy of the long statements based on his alleged lack of Mandarin
proficiency. For completeness, I also reject his argument that he did not know
of his option to elect to speak in Hokkien. Insp Desmond and Mr Wong have
sufficiently demonstrated that he was availed of this option. Further, having
given both contemporaneous statements in Hokkien, 228

##### Foot Note 228

×

First Contemporaneous Statement: ABOD at p 74; Second Contemporaneous
Statement: ABOD at p 77.

his alleged ignorance of the availability of the option of speaking in Hokkien
is hard to believe.

(2) Whether the accused admitted that Exhibit D1A2 was for repacking in the
Fourth Long Statement?

(A) Paragraph 37 of the Fourth Long Statement

106 The question is whether the accused admitted, in the Disputed Para 37
Sentence in the Fourth Long Statement, that Exhibit D1A2 was meant for
repacking.

107 The accused’s position is that he did, in fact, clearly inform Insp
Desmond and Mr Wong that Exhibit D1A2 was for his own consumption when para 37
of the Fourth Long Statement was being recorded. 229

##### Foot Note 229

×

DRS at para 31.

He argues that he pointed to the photograph showing Exhibit A1A when he
uttered the Disputed Para 37 Sentence. 230

##### Foot Note 230

×

DRS at para 31.

He confirms that drug withdrawal symptoms or lack of Mandarin proficiency did
not lead to confusion about which exhibit he was talking about at the material
time. 231

##### Foot Note 231

×

DRS at para 32.

According to the accused, the only issue in dispute, pertinent to the
interpretation of the Disputed Para 37 Sentence, is whether multiple
photographs of multiple exhibits were left on the table after each question or
kept away. The accused argues that various photographs were left on the table
during the recording of the long statements (“the Multiple Photograph
Allegation”). 232

##### Foot Note 232

×

DRS at para 33.

Presumably, this allowed the accused to point to the photograph depicting
Exhibit A1A even though para 37 relates to the photograph depicting Exhibits
D1 and D1A2, and also caused Insp Desmond and Mr Wong confusion. He asserts
that Insp Desmond formed his own erroneous impression of what was told to him
by the accused and recorded it. 233

##### Foot Note 233

×

DCS at para 110.

108 The Prosecution argues that Insp Desmond and Mr Wong testified that the
accused was shown only one photograph at a time and his explanation for the
exhibits in each photograph would be recorded. The accused also signed against
each photograph to acknowledge that it had been shown to him. The Prosecution
argues that the accused ultimately conceded that both witnesses had shown him
one photograph at a time. 234

##### Foot Note 234

×

PCS at para 75.

109 I first examine the significance of the accused’s admission that he was
only shown one photograph at a time during the recording of the long
statements. The accused does not dispute having made this admission. 235

##### Foot Note 235

×

DRS at para 33.

In fact, he made this admission twice during cross-examination. The relevant
portions of his cross-examination are as follows: 236

##### Foot Note 236

×

NE, 9 November 2020, pp 70:22–71:11; NE, 10 November 2020, pp 50:23–51:1.

9 November 2020

Q: So at various stages, photographs were shown to you pursuant to the
information sought from you. You were asked to initial on the photographs. And
after you answer questions pursuant to the photograph, it was taken away, I’m
putting to you.

A: Yes.

Q: So it’s only the relevant photographs that were shown to you at certain
stages.

A: On the table?

Q: These – no, it’s only shown to you at appropriate junctures then after
that, it’s taken away, I’m putting to you.

A: No –

Q: You disagree?

A: – the photographs were placed on the table.

Q: I put it to you that when you give your answers to the questions pursuant
to [sic] photograph shown, there is no confusion by you whatsoever. Put it to
you –

A: Yes.

Q: – at no point in time was there any confusion to you.

A: Yes.

Q: And again once all the statements is done, you had the – you – this was
read back to you in Mandarin by Png Leong and you were given a chance to make
any amendments, alterations and you declined to do so because it’s accurately
recorded as you repeated earlier.

A: Yes.

10 November 2020

Q: Okay, Mr Chong, I move away from Heng Dai’s involvement. So, as I had
pointed out to you at various stages, Desmond Liang, the recorder’s position
is to refer you to certain photographs, let you initial it, and then after you
have initialled it, removed the photograph from the table.

A: At times, no, the photographs were placed in front of me and –

Q: Anyway, that’s what I'm putting to you. It’s up to you to agree or
disagree.

A: I agree with that.

Q: And the whole reason for this is to ensure that you are not confused by the
wrong photo when the different questions are asked. That’s why he adopts this
practice. Okay, Mr Chong?

A: Yes, I accept.

[emphasis added]

110 To the accused’s credit, his admissions are not unqualified. In the
excerpted portion of the 9 November 2020 cross-examination, the accused says
that “the photographs were placed on the table” [emphasis added]. 237

##### Foot Note 237

×

NE, 9 November 2020, p 71:1.

This response appears to be in disagreement with the Prosecution’s point that
irrelevant photographs are taken away when new questions are asked. In re-
examination, the accused again states that the “photographs were placed in
front of me” [emphasis added] when responding to his counsel’s question on
whether the photographs were taken away or left in front of him. 238

##### Foot Note 238

×

NE, 16 November 2020, p 69:25–27.

111 However, based on the foregoing portions of the accused’s testimony, I
find the totality of his evidence to be equivocal. He vacillated on the
veracity of the Multiple Photograph Allegation. I therefore treat the Multiple
Photograph Allegation with caution.

112 In my judgment, the accused’s equivocal evidence does not overcome the
combined force of Insp Desmond and Mr Wong’s testimony. Insp Desmond testified
that during the interviews for the long statements, including when para 37 of
the Fourth Long Statement was recorded, only one photograph was shown to the
accused at a time. 239

##### Foot Note 239

×

NE, 21 August 2019, pp 72:12–73:13; NE, 22 August 2019, pp 63:31–64:21,
70:14–21, 72:4–21.

Mr Wong confirmed that it is not the practice to leave a “whole lot” of
photographs out when questioning an accused person. 240

##### Foot Note 240

×

NE, 22 August 2019, pp 97:12–32, 99:3–23, 100:3–13; NE, 23 August 2019, pp
33:22–34:29.

113 For completeness, in his reply submissions, the accused argues that he
only admitted that the Multiple Photograph Allegation was false because he was
“worn down” by Deputy Public Prosecutor Mark Tay’s “rigorous questioning” on
the Multiple Photograph Allegation. 241

##### Foot Note 241

×

DRS at para 33.

I see little merit in this argument. If the accused held his ground with
regards the Consumption Defence, I fail to see why he was unable to do the
same for the Multiple Photograph Allegation.

114 The accused has therefore not discharged his legal burden of proving the
Multiple Photograph Allegation.

115 But this does not dispose of the question of how to interpret the Disputed
Para 37 Sentence. The accused launched a final salvo: regardless of whether
the Multiple Photograph Allegation is true, he informed Insp Desmond during
the recording of the Fourth Long Statement that Exhibit D1A2 was for his own
consumption. 242

##### Foot Note 242

×

DRS at para 34.

I am unable to find that he did so at the Disputed Para 37 Sentence for the
following reasons.

116 First, if the accused is right that the bundle for repacking mentioned in
the Disputed Para 37 Sentence refers to Exhibit A1A, I see no reason for Insp
Desmond to have recorded this twice within the same paragraph. It is
undisputed that the “one bundle of ‘Bai Fen’ [in the accused’s] safe, which
was later opened for the repacking into smaller sachets” (earlier on in para
37 of the Fourth Long Statement) already refers to Exhibit A1A. That Exhibit
A1A was meant for repacking is also already captured in para 25 of the Third
Long Statement. There was simply no need for Insp Desmond to belabour the same
point in the first half of the Disputed Para 37 Sentence. Further, the focus
in para 37 was on photograph 22 243

##### Foot Note 243

×

Photograph Bundle (“PB”), photograph 61.

, which depicts the blue bag (ie, Exhibit D1) and Exhibit D1A2. This is clear
from the first sentence of para 37, which states that the accused was “further
shown one photograph with the marking ‘Photo 22’…”. 244

##### Foot Note 244

×

Fourth Long Statement at para 37: ABOD at p 272.

Insp Desmond also testified, in his EIC, that after the accused was shown a
photograph, he would ask the accused questions on it. After the accused
responded, the accused would sign on the photograph before Insp Desmond
proceeded to the next photograph. 245

##### Foot Note 245

×

NE, 21 August 2019, p 73:11–13.

I cite this portion of Insp Desmond’s EIC not to revisit the Multiple
Photograph Allegation, but to establish Insp Desmond’s general approach to the
conduct of the statement recording. True to this general approach, Insp
Desmond testified that he asked the accused about the “other bundle of ‘Bai
Fen’ which [was] not packed [and] that [was] found in the bag” [emphasis in
original omitted]: 246

##### Foot Note 246

×

NE, 22 August 2019, p 35:22–32.

Q: … [Reads] “I intend to repack this bundle of ‘Bai Fen’ into 60 smaller
sachets of ‘Bai Fen’ and the remaining ‘Bai Fen’ will be for my own
consumption.”

A: Yes.

Q: Right? Okay, we’re there now. Okay, this bundle of “Bai Fen”, earlier you
said it was your impression that when he said “this bundle of ‘Bai Fen’”, he
was referring to D1A2.

A: Yes.

Q: Where do you get this impression from?

A: Because I did ask him what about the other bundle of ‘Bai Fen’ which is not
packed that were found in the bag. I asked him this and he told me that he
intend [sic] to repack this ‘Bai Fen’ into 60 smaller sachets.

[emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added in bold italics]

Insp Desmond maintained that he asked the accused this question despite being
challenged on multiple occasions by counsel for the Defence, but accepted that
this was not recorded in the statement. 247

##### Foot Note 247

×

NE, 22 August 2019, pp 36:3–17, 37:28–38:4.

I see no reason to disbelieve Insp Desmond. There is nothing unusual about
this because he also testified to having asked questions about photographs 2–5
248

##### Foot Note 248

×

PB, photographs 39–42.

when para 24 of the Third Long Statement was being recorded. These earlier
questions pertained to the drugs in the exhibits beginning with “A”. 249

##### Foot Note 249

×

NE, 22 August 2019, p 72:16–30.

What the preceding analysis confirms is that Insp Desmond is likely to have
understood the accused to be referring to Exhibit D1A2 and intended to record
his statement as such.

117 However, I still need to deal with the accused’s submission that it was
Insp Desmond’s own impression that the accused was referring to Exhibit D1A2
in the Disputed Para 37 Sentence.

118 I find it more likely than not that the accused uttered the response in
the Disputed Para 37 Sentence in reference to Exhibit D1A2. This is because:

(a) The accused admitted on multiple occasions in the long statements that his
remuneration from Ah Kiat was in cash, not in kind. Thus, there was no reason
for Ah Kiat to give the accused an entire bundle of heroin for his consumption
(see [180] below).

(b) Given that Insp Desmond asked about the purpose of the bundle in
photograph 22 (ie, Exhibit D1A2), the accused was likely to have spoken of the
purpose of Exhibit D1A2 (even if not expressly naming the exhibit).

(c) The accused did not disclose the Consumption Defence to Dr Koh when he
examined the accused on 24, 28 and 31 December 2015 or 11 October 2018. 250

##### Foot Note 250

×

Dr Kenneth Koh’s medical report of 5 January 2016 (“Dr Koh’s First Medical
Report”) at p 1: ABOD at p 142; Dr Koh’s medical report of 12 October 2018
(“Dr Koh’s Second Medical Report”) at p 1: ABOD at p 532.

I elaborate on the accused’s account of the offence to Dr Koh.

119 Dr Koh first examined the accused in December 2015, approximately one to
two weeks after the long statements were recorded. In my judgment, that the
accused failed to disclose the Consumption Defence to Dr Koh in December 2015
casts significant doubt on his claim to have done so to Insp Desmond on 16
December 2015. The account of the offence in Dr Koh’s medical report of 5
January 2016 (“Dr Koh’s First Medical Report”) coheres with that in the
accused’s First Contemporaneous Statement and Cautioned Statement. Dr Koh’s
First Medical Report states that the accused was involved in passing drugs to
customers of Ah Kiat and collecting money from these customers. He also
sometimes repacked the drugs into smaller portions. The relevant part of Dr
Koh’s First Medical Report reads as follows: 251

##### Foot Note 251

×

Dr Koh’s First Medical Report at p 2: ABOD at p 143.

[The accused] described that the arrangement was for him to take items that
persons he did not meet would deposit near his house …. He would receive
instructions over the phone as to where to get these packages and where he
should subsequently put them. There were also other times when he had to
collect money. …

…

[The accused] admitted at the first interview that he had known that it had
been drugs that he was dealing with as he sometimes had to repackage the drugs
into smaller portions. …

120 Plainly, the report does not mention the Consumption Defence. Besides the
accused’s statements, Dr Koh’s First Medical Report is another contemporaneous
record of the accused’s account as at December 2015 of his involvement in Ah
Kiat’s drug operation. The logical inference is that the accused did not
mention the Consumption Defence to Dr Koh. If the accused had indeed told Insp
Desmond on 16 December 2016 (ie, when the Fourth Long Statement was recorded)
that Exhibit D1A2 was meant for consumption, I see no reason for such a
material portion of the accused’s defence to be withheld from Dr Koh. I thus
have reservations on whether the accused had raised the Consumption Defence to
Insp Desmond in the first place.

121 For completeness, the Consumption Defence was not raised to Dr Koh in 2018
either. Although Dr Koh’s second medical report of 12 October 2018 (“Dr Koh’s
Second Medical Report”) records that the accused sometimes dipped into the
drugs he received and used them, the accused admits that this portion of Dr
Koh’s Second Medical Report is not in reference to a particular batch or
bundle of heroin being for his consumption. 252

##### Foot Note 252

×

NE, 13 March 2020, p 31:10–20.

This portion of Dr Koh’s Second Medical Report can equally be said to align
with his Third Long Statement which states that the heroin remaining in a
bundle after 60 sachets were repacked would be for his own consumption. 253

##### Foot Note 253

×

Third Long Statement at para 25:ABOD at p 269.

As such, I do not regard this part of Dr Koh’s Second Medical Report as
amounting to a reference to the Consumption Defence.

122 Third, there are other contextual clues in the series of long statements
which are consistent with the accused having intended to say that Exhibit D1A2
was meant for repacking in the Disputed Para 37 Sentence.

123 The first contextual clue is the accused’s practice of not keeping away
heroin that was meant for his consumption. It is not disputed that Exhibit
D1A2 was found in a blue bag (Exhibit D1) stored in the bottom right
compartment of Dressing Table D. 254

##### Foot Note 254

×

PB, photographs 34–36; SOAF at para 12.

What is relevant is that the accused is recorded at para 10 of the Second Long
Statement as stating that he does not keep away methamphetamine and heroin
which are meant for his own consumption. He leaves these drugs lying on the
floor of the Rented Room. 255

##### Foot Note 255

×

Second Long Statement at para 10: ABOD at p 263.

He confirms the same at para 39 of the Fourth Long Statement. He further
states at para 39 that he would “normally keep away those drugs that are meant
for delivering to ‘Ah Kiat’ or ‘Da Ge’ customers when [he] know [sic] that
there are going to be visitors to [his] room”. 256

##### Foot Note 256

×

Fourth Long Statement at para 39: ABOD at p 273.

Therefore, storing Exhibit D1A2 in Dressing Table D suggests that it was not
meant for the accused’s consumption.

124 The accused argues that he intended to qualify para 10 of the Second Long
Statement. Namely, he says that at the material time, there was still heroin
he had not yet consumed on the floor of the Rented Room and he thus kept the
heroin in Exhibit D1A2 in Dressing Table D first. 257

##### Foot Note 257

×

NE, 12 March 2020, p 47:22–23.

He elaborated that his practice was to keep heroin of larger quantities away
but that he would take out a portion to share with friends who came to his
room to consume drugs. He did so because he did not want his friends to know
exactly how much heroin he had. 258

##### Foot Note 258

×

NE, 12 March 2020, pp 47:29–48:5.

The accused submits that these nuances to para 10 of the Second Long Statement
were not recorded because his ability to express himself in Mandarin was
“hindered”. He was also unable to pick up inaccuracies in the statements when
it was read back to him in Mandarin. 259

##### Foot Note 259

×

DCS at para 100.

125 However, given my finding that the accused is conversant in Mandarin and
elected to be interviewed in Mandarin, I reject his attempt to challenge the
accuracy of the Second Long Statement. Reading para 10 of the Second Long
Statement and para 37 of the Fourth Long Statement together, that the accused
kept Exhibit D1A2 in Dressing Table D is implicit recognition that this bundle
was meant for repacking for Ah Kiat. This contextual clue fortifies my reading
of the whole of the Disputed Para 37 Sentence being made in reference to
Exhibit D1A2.

126 The second contextual clue is in para 25 of the Third Long Statement in
which the accused is recorded as making a general statement that he always
repacked bundles of heroin (with a mass of about 450g) into 60 smaller
sachets. The remaining heroin after these sachets were packed would be for the
accused’s consumption. For every bundle of heroin that the accused repacked,
he would have about one and a half to two packets of 7.8g of heroin per packet
left for his own consumption (ie, about 11.7 to 15.6g of heroin). 260

##### Foot Note 260

×

Third Long Statement at para 25: ABOD at p 269.

It is an agreed fact that Exhibit D1A2 has a mass of about 450g (to be exact,
448.7g). 261

##### Foot Note 261

×

SOAF at para 16(k); NE, 22 August 2019, pp 29:25–30:3.

When taken together with para 25 of the Third Long Statement, it is highly
likely that that Exhibit D1A2, like all other 450g bundles of heroin, was
meant for repacking, and was not for the accused’s own consumption.

127 I do not accept the accused’s attempt to qualify the ambit of his general
statement in para 25 of the Third Long Statement. In his EIC, the accused
testified that by “always”, he was only referring to “the previous bundle – 1½
bundles [he] repack [sic] into 60 sachets”. 262

##### Foot Note 262

×

NE, 12 March 2020, p 57:17–18.

However, this is an unnatural fetter on the plain meaning of the word
“always”. I agree with the Prosecution’s characterisation of the first
sentence in para 25 of the Third Long Statement as a “[g]eneral practice” of
the accused. 263

##### Foot Note 263

×

PCS at para 27(d).

I should add that Insp Desmond understands this first sentence to be a general
statement as well. 264

##### Foot Note 264

×

NE, 22 August 2019, pp 24:19–21, 37:5–7.

If the accused did not intend to make this general statement, he should have
amended the sentence when the long statement was read back to him before
signing it. For completeness, any suggestion that he was unable to appreciate
the need to amend the statement because of his Mandarin proficiency is a non-
starter given my finding that the accused is conversant in Mandarin and
elected to be interviewed in Mandarin.

128 To summarise thus far, I agree with the Prosecution that the bundle for
repacking referenced by the accused in the Disputed Para 37 Sentence is
Exhibit D1A2. This is because I reject the Multiple Photograph Allegation – as
such, the accused’s claim that he pointed to the photograph of Exhibit A1A
when providing the response recorded in the Disputed Para 37 Sentence is
dismissed. In any case, even if I am wrong about the Multiple Photograph
Allegation, I also do not accept the accused’s submission that he in fact told
Insp Desmond in the Disputed Para 37 Sentence that Exhibit A1A was for
repacking while Exhibit D1A2 was for his own consumption. This does not square
with the accused’s account of his involvement to Dr Koh in December 2015 or
other contextual clues in the long statements.

(B) Paragraph 36 of the Fourth Long Statement

129 The interpretation of the last sentence of para 36 of the Fourth Long
Statement (“the Disputed Para 36 Sentence”) is also contested. That sentence
reads: 265

##### Foot Note 265

×

Fourth Long Statement at para 36: ABOD at p 272.

The bundle of ‘Bai Fen’ is about 450 grams and I think there was [sic] some
small packets of Ice which were meant for my own consumption and a packet of
100 grams of Ice in the safe.

[emphasis added]

130 It is undisputed that the “bundle” in this sentence refers to Exhibit
D1A2. The question is whether the phrase “meant for my own consumption” is in
reference to the “small packets of Ice” only or the “bundle of ‘Bai Fen’” as
well.

131 The accused submits that he meant that the bundle of heroin in Exhibit
D1A2 and the small packets of methamphetamine were meant for his own
consumption. He says that the connector “and” in the Disputed Para 36 Sentence
suggests that both Exhibit D1A2 and the methamphetamine were for his own
consumption. Therefore, when the statement was read back to him, he could not
be expected to raise any objection to this portion of the Fourth Long
Statement. 266

##### Foot Note 266

×

DCS at para 52.

132 For reasons which are similar to those set out in relation to para 37 of
the Fourth Long Statement, I find that on the balance of probabilities, the
accused did not say that Exhibit D1A2 was meant for his personal consumption.
First, he admitted in other parts of the series of long statements that he was
remunerated in cash, not in kind, for work done for Ah Kiat (see [180] below).
If he intended to qualify or change his account in such a material way, this
should have been made clear. Second, the two contextual clues analysed at
[122]–[127] above also contradict the accused’s contention that Exhibit D1A2
was for his personal consumption and these call for an explanation. However,
no credible one is forthcoming. The accused has therefore not persuaded me to
read the Disputed Para 36 Sentence in the manner he contends.

(3) Was the Consumption Defence an afterthought?

133 Based on the foregoing, I agree with the Prosecution that the Consumption
Defence was an afterthought.

134 First, I have found that the Consumption Defence was not raised in the
accused’s contemporaneous statements, Cautioned Statement or long statements.
He also failed to mention it to Dr Koh in 2015 and 2018. I should state that a
court is entitled to disbelieve the evidence of a witness even without having
to draw an adverse inference against him for omitting to mention earlier some
material fact which, if disclosed, would be in his favour (Kwek Seow Hock v
Public Prosecutor [2011] 3 SLR 157 at [20]; Masoud Rahimi bin Mehrzad v Public
Prosecutor and another appeal [2017] 1 SLR 257 at [70]). I therefore do not
need to decide whether an adverse inference should be drawn on the basis of
the accused’s CNB statements. The fact remains that in all of these instances,
the accused either admitted that Exhibit D1A2 was meant for repacking or
failed to say otherwise. This heavily undermines the credibility of the
Consumption Defence.

135 Second, I accept the Prosecution’s submission that the first record of the
Consumption Defence is in Dr Lam’s Medical Report which is dated 15 July 2019
(ie, approximately a month before trial commenced). 267

##### Foot Note 267

×

PCS at para 81.

Dr Lam was not called as a witness and her report was not formally admitted
into evidence, although it is found in the parties’ Agreed Bundle. However, I
make brief reference to her report in this regard for the accused’s benefit
because if this report is not taken into account, the earliest time at which
the Consumption Defence would have surfaced is trial itself. Preliminarily, I
should also clarify that Dr Ng’s Medical Report does not mention the
Consumption Defence. The accused was examined by Dr Ng at Changi Prison on 20
June, 28 June and 16 October 2017 and the latter obtained corroborative
accounts from the accused’s mother and brother on 13 June 2017 at his clinic.
268

##### Foot Note 268

×

Dr Ng’s Medical Report at p 1: ABOD at p 541.

Dr Ng’s Medical Report records that all of the drugs were for the accused’s
personal consumption. 269

##### Foot Note 269

×

Dr Ng’s Medical Report at p 3: ABOD at p 543.

Plainly, this account of the offence differs from the Consumption Defence the
accused now advances at trial – that Exhibit A1A was for repacking while
Exhibit D1A2 was meant for his own consumption. In his EIC, the accused
recognises that this aspect of Dr Ng’s Medical Report and the current
iteration of the Consumption Defence differ. 270

##### Foot Note 270

×

NE, 13 March 2020, p 48:15–16.

He claims to have not revealed the Consumption Defence to Dr Ng because he
thought Dr Ng was “the government’s lawyer” and he “dare[d] not to reveal much
about the heroin”. 271

##### Foot Note 271

×

NE, 13 March 2020, p 48:22–23.

Therefore, the first record of the Consumption Defence appears in Dr Lam’s
Medical Report. Dr Lam interviewed the accused at Changi Prison on 7 June, 13
June and 4 July 2019. She also interviewed the accused’s mother and brother.
272

##### Foot Note 272

×

Dr Lam’s Medical Report at para 2: ABOD at p 546.

Her report states that “[the accused] informed that one intact bundle of the
heroin was his salary and was for his own consumption. The other bundle of
heroin belonged to Ah Kiat, and part of it was re-packed into smaller
sachets…”. 273

##### Foot Note 273

×

Dr Lam’s Medical Report at para 23: ABOD at p 551.

136 In my view, the Consumption Defence was raised by the accused on the
doorstep of trial, which commenced on 13 August 2019. It bears emphasising
that the accused did not even call Dr Lam as a witness. That he failed to
raise his defence from 2015 to 2018 is a significant factor undermining the
credibility of the Consumption Defence.

Whether the accused consumed more than 16g of heroin a day at the time of his
arrest?

137 According to Muhammad bin Abdullah, another factor relevant to assessing
the credibility of the Consumption Defence is the accused’s rate of drug
consumption. Exhibit D1A2 contains about 450g of heroin. At trial, the accused
claims that he was smoking 16–20g of heroin a day at the time of his arrest
(“the Accused’s Alleged Heroin Consumption Rate”). He submits that he was an
“extremely heavy user of diamorphine at the material time and that he would
have easily finished consuming [E]xhibit D1A2 within a reasonable timeframe”.
274

##### Foot Note 274

×

DCS at para 3.

138 I agree with the Prosecution that the Accused’s Alleged Heroin Consumption
Rate should be disbelieved. My reasons are as follows.

139 First, the accused reported an ever-increasing consumption rate to various
persons over the years:

(a) In 2015, during the recording of his long statements by Insp Desmond, the
accused said twice, in the First and Third Long Statements, that he consumed
about half a packet of heroin (ie, about 4g of heroin) each day. 275

##### Foot Note 275

×

First Long Statement at para 4: ABOD at p 260; Third Long Statement at para
25: ABOD at p 269.

A full packet contains 7.8–8g of heroin. 276

##### Foot Note 276

×

First Long Statement at para 4: ABOD at p 260; Third Long Statement at para
25: ABOD at p 269.

(b) In 2015, after the long statements were recorded, the accused was examined
by Dr Koh on 24, 28 and 31 December 2015. Dr Koh’s Medical Report records the
accused as claiming to have taken about 5–6g of heroin a day. 277

##### Foot Note 277

×

Dr Koh’s First Medical Report at p 1: ABOD at p 142.

(c) Dr Winslow first examined the accused on 2 December 2019. Dr Winslow’s
First Medical Report states that: “[a]t the height of his addiction in 2015,
prior to his arrest for the index offences, [the accused] stated that he would
consume about two packs, which approximated five to six long straws (with each
straw containing about five to six grams) of heroin … per day” [emphasis
added]. 278

##### Foot Note 278

×

Dr Winslow’s First Medical Report at para 15.

(d) In his EIC in March 2020, the accused maintains that at the time of his
arrest, he consumed 16–20g of heroin per day, or about two packets of 7.8–8g
each. 279

##### Foot Note 279

×

NE, 4 March 2020, p 43:19–32.

During his cross-examination in November 2020, he claimed his consumption rate
was at least 20g but less than 25g of heroin per day. 280

##### Foot Note 280

×

NE, 9 November 2020, pp 20:2–7, 22:1–6, 31:13–17.

140 For completeness, Dr Lam’s Medical Report records the accused as saying
that he consumed four to five straws or up to a gross weight of 8g of heroin
per day. 281

##### Foot Note 281

×

Dr Lam’s Medical Report at para 15: ABOD at p 550.

The accused was examined by Dr Lam on 7 June, 13 June and 4 July 2019. 282

##### Foot Note 282

×

Dr Lam’s Medical Report at para 2: ABOD at p 546.

However, as Dr Lam’s Medical Report is not admitted into evidence, I do not
take it into account for this issue.

141 The first express record of the accused’s claim to have consumed more than
8g of heroin a day is Dr Winslow’s First Medical Report. The accused
challenges the veracity of earlier records of his daily consumption rate of
heroin in an attempt to show that he asserted the Accused’s Alleged Heroin
Consumption Rate at an earlier juncture.

142 The accused argues that his response in the First Long Statement was in
reference to his consumption rate in June 2014, not December 2015. 283

##### Foot Note 283

×

DCS at para 95.

The relevant sentence at para 4 of the First Long Statement reads: “[t]he rate
of my consumption of ‘Bai Fen’ increases as time goes by and two months ago, I
started smoking about half a packet of ‘Bai Fen’ each day”. 284

##### Foot Note 284

×

First Long Statement at para 4: ABOD at p 260.

In his EIC, the accused testified that he told Insp Desmond that he was
smoking a straw of heroin every two to three days in 2014 when he was released
from the DRC, but that he smoked more and more as time went by. 285

##### Foot Note 285

×

NE, 12 March 2020, pp 40:30–41:16.

But, this explanation was not put to Insp Desmond. To the contrary, all that
was put to Insp Desmond was that if the accused indeed smoked half a packet of
heroin a day in October 2015, it would make sense that by the time he was
arrested, his rate of consumption would have increased. 286

##### Foot Note 286

×

NE, 22 August 2019, pp 4:6–26, 19:29–20:26, 27:14–28:24.

This shift in the accused’s challenge to his response in the First Long
Statement is already a cause for concern. Adding to that the fact that the
accused could have corrected the statement when it was read back to him and
that he repeated the consumption rate of about 4g of heroin a day in the Third
Long Statement, I am unable to accept the accused’s challenges to this portion
of the First Long Statement.

143 Next, the accused argues that Dr Koh’s report is inaccurate because he
told Dr Koh that he consumed 5–6g of heroin per consumption, instead of per
day. The accused submits that this inaccuracy is due to a miscommunication,
potentially due to his lack of proficiency in speaking and understanding
Mandarin. 287

##### Foot Note 287

×

DCS at paras 30–31.

Having found that the accused was adequately proficient in Mandarin to
understand questions being put to him and to express his responses accurately
and completely, I find this hard to believe. The inconsistency between his
reported consumption rate in Dr Koh’s Medical Report and his evidence at trial
remains unexplained.

144 I also do not accept the accused’s submission that he told Dr Chua on 10
December 2015 that he smoked 16–20g of heroin daily. 288

##### Foot Note 288

×

DCS at para 32.

Dr Chua’s Medical Report states that the accused “smoked 4 to 5 straws daily
over 3 to 4 months duration”. 289

##### Foot Note 289

×

Dr Chua’s Medical Report at para 3(c)(i): ABOD at p 138.

During his EIC, the accused testified that he was referring to the straws
containing 4–5g of heroin each. 290

##### Foot Note 290

×

NE, 4 March 2020, p 44:15–20.

However, there is no corroborative evidence that in 2015, the accused
specified the quantity of heroin in each straw to Dr Chua. To the contrary, in
his CNB statements and Dr Koh’s Medical Report, both of which are based on
interviews or examinations of the accused in December 2015, the accused only
reported consuming 4–6g of heroin per day. The first recorded instance of the
accused claiming that each straw he used contained 5–6g of heroin is recorded
in Dr Winslow’s First Medical Report of 31 January 2020. 291

##### Foot Note 291

×

Dr Winslow’s First Medical Report at para 15.

This report was prepared based on an interview of the accused on 2 December
2019. Accordingly, the accused has not proved on the balance of probabilities
that he intended to tell Dr Chua in 2015 that each straw he used contained
4–5g of heroin.

145 As a final point on the evolving nature of the Accused’s Alleged Heroin
Consumption Rate, the accused submits that the discrepancy between his alleged
consumption rate in his EIC and cross-examination is not unreasonable. He
argues that “as a heavy user of heroin, [he] would not have paid such close
attention to the exact number of grams of heroin he smoked each day”. 292

##### Foot Note 292

×

DRS at para 38.

But, I do not expect the accused to recall his consumption rates with
scientific precision. Having found that the Accused’s Alleged Heroin
Consumption Rate was not raised until his examination with Dr Winslow in 2019,
what is concerning is that his alleged consumption rate increased fivefold
from that stated in his long statements in 2015. This vast discrepancy remains
unaccounted for.

146 Second, I agree with the Prosecution that the accused’s assertion that he
stored 5–6g of heroin in each straw (“the Storage Claim”) 293

##### Foot Note 293

×

DCS at para 36.

lacks an evidential basis. The accused told Dr Winslow that each straw
contained about 5–6g of heroin, as is recorded in Dr Winslow’s First Medical
Report. 294

##### Foot Note 294

×

Dr Winslow’s First Medical Report at para 15.

He claims that he told Dr Chua that the straws he used contained 4–5g of
heroin each (although this is not recorded in Dr Chua’s Medical Report). 295

##### Foot Note 295

×

DCS at para 32; NE, 4 March 2020, p 44:15–20.

147 However, the evidence of Inspector Yeo Kheng Wei (“Insp Yeo”) on the two
main types of straws which drug addicts typically store heroin in, which is
actually corroborated by Dr Winslow, casts significant doubt on the Storage
Claim. Insp Yeo is a team leader in the Intelligence Division of the CNB and
has been with the CNB for slightly over 20 years. 296

##### Foot Note 296

×

NE, 2 March 2020, p 15:11–19.

He testified that drug addicts typically consume heroin from two types of
straws: a long straw about the length of a disposable lighter and a short
straw which is about half the length of a long straw. These straws contain
approximately 0.6–0.8g and 0.3–0.4g of heroin respectively. 297

##### Foot Note 297

×

NE, 2 March 2020, pp 25:8–27:25.

In a similar vein, Dr Winslow testified that sukus (straws which are the
length of a quarter of a normal transparent drinking straw) containing about
0.2–0.3g of heroin and lighter-size straws containing 0.5–0.6g of heroin are
used by drug addicts in Singapore. 298

##### Foot Note 298

×

NE, 1 February 2021, pp 19:1–26.

148 Although Dr Winslow added that long straws of two different capacities are
also used in Singapore, I now explain my reasons for rejecting this portion of
Dr Winslow’s evidence.

149 In his EIC, Dr Winslow testified that the long straw is a third variety of
straw used by drug users. He presumes, based on his experience, that such long
straws comprise four sukus (ie, 0.8–1.2g of heroin). But he qualifies this by
stating that he has not seen any research on such long straws. 299

##### Foot Note 299

×

NE, 1 February 2021, p 19:32–20:1.

Even further still, in Dr Winslow’s Second Medical Report, he states that
there are long straws approximately 8–9 inches long, filled with approximately
3–4g of heroin each. 300

##### Foot Note 300

×

Dr Winslow’s Second Medical Report at para 7.

During his further cross-examination (when Dr Winslow was recalled as a
witness in light of his Second Medical Report), Dr Winslow testified that he
came to know of the latter long straw from a client he examined between the
time he first took the stand on 1 February 2021 and the drafting of his second
report dated 24 February 2021. He also claims to have identified another
client, in his clinical notes from 2017–2018, who mentioned this latter long
straw. 301

##### Foot Note 301

×

NE, 2 March 2021, p 24:2–29.

I am not persuaded to take Dr Winslow’s word at face value on the usage of
either variety of long straw in Singapore. In particular, I have no sight of
Dr Winslow’s alleged clinical notes from 2017–2018 nor the benefit of any
details on the alleged examination that took place in February 2021.
Therefore, I do not ascribe any weight to Dr Winslow’s evidence that either of
the abovementioned long straws are used by drug abusers in Singapore.

150 Mr Josiah Teh Choon Sin (“Josiah”), a witness for the Defence, testified
that the accused had used long straws in the past. But, Josiah’s evidence
lacks contemporaneity with the offence and does not, in my view, advance the
accused’s case. Josiah has known the accused since the 1970s and used to
consume heroin with him in the 1980s and in 2003. 302

##### Foot Note 302

×

NE, 2 February 2021, pp 26:24, 27:1–2.

Josiah testified that in 2003, he and the accused used “normal drinking
straw[s]” to store heroin. 303

##### Foot Note 303

×

NE, 2 February 2021, p 30:3–25.

But, Josiah does not know if the accused continued to use such long straws in
2015 because he was not with the accused then. Josiah also testified that he
had not consumed drugs since 2003. 304

##### Foot Note 304

×

NE, 2 February 2021, pp 30:26–29, 32:24–29.

151 Josiah’s testimony does not overcome the combination of Insp Yeo and Dr
Winslow’s evidence which confirms the usage of lighter-length straws and short
straws or sukus, but not long straws (whether containing 0.8–1.2g or more than
4g of heroin). I am unable to find, on the balance of probabilities, that the
accused stored more than 4g of heroin in each straw at or around the time of
the offence. My conclusion has these effects:

(a) The portion of Dr Winslow’s First Medical Report which records that each
straw used by the accused contained 5–6g of heroin should not be believed. In
any event, Dr Winslow himself admits that that five or six long straws would
not come up to 20g of heroin given his “understanding of how most straws are
packed”. 305

##### Foot Note 305

×

NE, 1 February 2021, pp 80:30–81:5.

Dr Winslow also testified that he did not quiz the accused on his claim to
have stored 5–6g of heroin in each straw and instead simply “let it be”. 306

##### Foot Note 306

×

NE, 1 February 2021, pp 81:2–5.

As such, Dr Winslow’s First Medical Report does not prove that the accused
did, in fact, store 5–6g of heroin in each straw.

(b) It follows from point (a) above that I accept the following submission by
the Prosecution: 307

##### Foot Note 307

×

PRS at para 6(b).

that although Dr Winslow testified during his EIC on 1 February 2021 that the
“heroin level” in the accused’s urine is “consistent” with about five straws
of heroin a day, 308

##### Foot Note 308

×

NE, 2 February 2021, p 18:28–32.

he could not have meant long straws containing 5–6g of heroin each. At most,
he was referring to long straws containing 0.8–1.2g of heroin each which, in
any case as I highlighted at [149] above, Dr Winslow merely presumes are used
in Singapore.

(c) Closely related to the preceding point, the credibility of the accused’s
claim to have consumed 16–20g of heroin per day at the time of his arrest is
severely undermined. Even assuming that his claim to have consumed four to
five or five to six straws of heroin per day is correct, 309

##### Foot Note 309

×

NE, 4 March 2020, p 44:7–8; Dr Winslow’s First Medical Report at para 15; DCS
at paras 32, 128(a).

the quantum of heroin in these straws is unlikely to have been as high as
alleged by the accused.

152 Third, I struggle to see how the accused’s long history of heavy drug
abuse and his alleged psychosis following the 1978 Accident proves that the
heroin in Exhibit D1A2 was for the accused’s own consumption.

153 I summarise the salient points of the accused’s drug history. The accused
admits that he started consuming heroin at about 17 years old, even before the
1978 Accident. 310

##### Foot Note 310

×

NE, 11 November 2020, pp 22:20–23:8.

The 1978 Accident was a motor accident in which a pick-up van he was in
overturned. His close friend, Ah Heng, died beside him. 311

##### Foot Note 311

×

NE, 4 March 2020, pp 13:31–14:6.

The accused submits that he suffered a head injury in the 1978 Accident and,
thereafter, began experiencing auditory hallucinations of Ah Heng’s voice and
seeing shadows. 312

##### Foot Note 312

×

NE, 4 March 2020, pp 18:1–3.

The accused urges the court to accept the evidence of Dr Ng over that of Dr
Koh. Specifically, Dr Ng diagnosed the accused as suffering from a psychotic
disorder due to the traumatic brain injury he sustained in the 1978 Accident.
313

##### Foot Note 313

×

DCS at para 117.

The accused said he “turned to” heroin to cope with these hallucinations. 314

##### Foot Note 314

×

DCS at para 14.

He also references the suicide of another close friend, Alice. After Alice’s
death, the accused claims to have heard her voice as well, in 1982. 315

##### Foot Note 315

×

Dr Ng’s Medical Report at p 2: ABOD at p 542.

Additionally, the accused submits that after his release from the DRC in
December 2014, his heroin consumption rate increased from 4–5g over two to
three days upon his release to 16–20g a day by October 2015. 316

##### Foot Note 316

×

DCS at para 16.

The accused also began abusing methamphetamine in the early 2000s, which
exacerbated his auditory hallucinations. 317

##### Foot Note 317

×

DCS at para 15.

154 I distil the following two issues from the accused’s history of drug
abuse: (a) whether the accused suffered from psychosis from the 1978 Accident
and, if so, how the existence of psychosis supports the Consumption Defence
(if at all); and (b) whether the increase in the Accused’s Alleged Heroin
Consumption Rate from December 2014 to October 2015 is believable. I will
consider each issue in turn.

155 As regards (a), I am not convinced that the 1978 Accident caused the
accused to suffer from psychosis. The accused relies on Dr Ng’s Medical Report
which diagnosed the accused with post-traumatic psychosis. Dr Ng’s diagnosis
is based on diagnostic criteria in the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of
Mental Disorders, Fifth Edition (“DSM-5”). 318

##### Foot Note 318

×

NE, 4 February 2021, p 6:12–32.

He admits that these five diagnostic criteria must be satisfied conjunctively:
319

##### Foot Note 319

×

D12, p 115; NE, 4 February 2021, p 92:1–10.

(a) prominent hallucinations or delusions (“Factor (a)”);

(b) evidence from the history, physical examination, or laboratory findings
that the disturbance is the direct pathophysiological consequence of another
medical condition;

(c) the disturbance is not better explained by another mental disorder;

(d) the disturbance does not occur exclusively during the course of a
delirium; and

(e) the disturbance causes clinically significant distress or impairment in
social, occupational, or other important areas of functioning (“Factor (e)”).

156 Dr Ng also opined that the accused had surgery done to his head. 320

##### Foot Note 320

×

Dr Ng’s Medical Report at p 5: ABOD at p 545.

His medical report then concludes by stating that: 321

##### Foot Note 321

×

Dr Ng’s Medical Report at p 5: ABOD at p 545.

At that time of the alleged offence, [the accused] was hearing the voices of
Ah Heng and he also believed that he had a tumour of the abdomen and that he
would die soon. Hence, he bought a large amount of the drugs. His judgment and
decision making processes were impaired by the psychotic illness and the false
belief that he would die soon from the abdominal condition. He was holding the
amount of drugs in his possession for his own personal use and did not intend
to sell the drugs. …

[emphasis added]

157 In contrast, the Prosecution submits that Dr Koh’s evidence should be
preferred over Dr Ng’s. Dr Koh assessed the accused not to have psychosis and
that the aftermath of the 1978 Accident had no significant effect on his
neuropsychiatric state or any causal link with his drug use at the time of the
offence. 322

##### Foot Note 322

×

PCS at para 87.

The Prosecution also attacks the reliability of Dr Ng’s evidence on the
grounds that the accused lied to him and that Dr Ng’s clinical notes lack
detail. 323

##### Foot Note 323

×

PCS at para 87(b); PRS at para 17.

The Prosecution further criticises Dr Ng for focusing only on auditory
hallucinations as a diagnostic criterion for psychosis, whilst ignoring other
criteria Dr Koh considered (eg, impairment in social, occupational, or other
important areas of functioning). 324

##### Foot Note 324

×

PRS at para 16.

158 As the DSM-5 illustrates, arriving at a diagnosis is a multi-factorial
inquiry. I am not persuaded that the accused suffers from psychosis.

159 For Factor (e), according to Dr Ng, either clinically significant distress
or impairment in social, occupational, or other important areas of functioning
must be proved. 325

##### Foot Note 325

×

NE, 4 February 2021, p 111:14–16.

Dr Ng opined that the accused suffered from the former. He testified that
hearing voices can cause a lot of distress to an individual even if these
voices are “intermittent” (eg, once every few months). 326

##### Foot Note 326

×

NE, 4 February 2021, p 13:1–11.

160 But, Dr Ng’s basis for concluding that the accused experienced such
distress is tenuous.

161 I accept the Prosecution’s submission that the accused was not forthcoming
with Dr Ng. 327

##### Foot Note 327

×

PCS at para 87(b).

That Dr Ng premises his assessment of “clinically significant distress” solely
328

##### Foot Note 328

×

NE, 4 February 2021, p 95:5–23.

on the accused’s word gives me pause. The accused did not even tell Dr Ng that
he worked for Ah Kiat. He also informed Dr Ng that he bought all of the drugs
he received, which flatly contradicts his account of the offence in his CNB
statements and his current Consumption Defence. In fact, the accused admits
that he was scared to tell Dr Ng the truth because he knew that Dr Ng was sent
by the court to assess him. 329

##### Foot Note 329

×

NE, 11 November 2020, pp 30:21–31:29.

Although in re-examination, the accused claims to have told Dr Ng the truth in
the parts of the report concerning the 1978 Accident, 330

##### Foot Note 330

×

NE, 16 November 2020, p 71:5–9.

the veracity of what the accused shared with Dr Ng as a whole, and therefore
Dr Ng’s assessment, is suspect. Dr Ng candidly accepts that his report “isn’t
worth very much value to the Court” if the accused deliberately lied to him.
331

##### Foot Note 331

×

NE, 4 February 2021, p 109:25–32.

162 Further, that Dr Ng did not take detailed contemporaneous clinical notes
undermines the reliability of his diagnosis. Dr Ng said that he only took down
“[m]aybe 20 to 30” key words to prepare his report across all three
evaluations of the accused in 2017. He did not even retain these key words
thereafter for inspection by counsel or the court. 332

##### Foot Note 332

×

NE, 4 February 2021, pp 39:4–41:31.

In contrast, Dr Koh took contemporaneous notes, retained them, and referred to
them in trial. These were not admitted into evidence, but counsel for the
Defence were given a copy to peruse before cross-examining Dr Koh. 333

##### Foot Note 333

×

NE, 3 March 2020, pp 7:3–9, 123:5-8

Dr Ng’s lack of diligence in his examination of the accused is another factor
deterring me from accepting his opinion.

163 Moreover, I agree with the Prosecution that Dr Ng made at least one
speculative conclusion in his report. 334

##### Foot Note 334

×

PRS at para 17(c)(ii).

His report opines that “there was surgery done to [the accused’s] head” after
the 1978 Accident. 335

##### Foot Note 335

×

Dr Ng’s Medical Report at p 5: ABOD at p 545.

However, Dr Ng admits under cross-examination that he is unable to
substantiate this conclusion with, for instance, other medical reports. 336

##### Foot Note 336

×

NE, 4 February 2021, p 63:8–14.

He simply relies on the accounts of the accused and his mother, as well as the
accused’s scar which he had observed from behind a barrier in prison, to
conclude that the accused had undergone surgery. 337

##### Foot Note 337

×

NE, 4 February 2021, pp 63:3–64:25.

That Dr Ng was willing to assert that the accused underwent surgery without a
proper evidential basis does not inspire confidence in the remainder of his
report.

164 Additionally, Dr Ng also agreed, during cross-examination, that while the
first limb of Factor (e) (ie, clinically significant distress) is subjective,
the second limb entailing impairment in social, occupational, or other
important areas of functioning is “very hard to pretend” and can be
objectively verified. 338

##### Foot Note 338

×

NE, 4 February 2021, pp 95:21–96:1.

I therefore prefer the view of Dr Koh, who took these objective factors into
account in finding that the accused does not have psychosis. In his first
report, Dr Koh observed that the accused was not “simple-minded”. 339

##### Foot Note 339

×

Dr Koh’s First Medical Report at p 2: ABOD at p 143.

Under cross-examination, he explained that he meant that the accused was able
to give a good account of how he was independent in his daily living, and was
able to manage transactions and listen to instructions. 340

##### Foot Note 340

×

NE, 3 March 2020, p 135:10–14.

Dr Koh’s observation in this regard is corroborated by the fact that, prior to
his arrest in December 2015, the accused lived independently and leased three
properties in Singapore (including the Rented Room) using his elder brother’s
Identity Card (“IC”). 341

##### Foot Note 341

×

NE, 5 March 2020, pp 37:13–32, 47:23–26; NE, 1 February 2021, p 110:14–16.

In his second report, Dr Koh observed that the accused did not have
“disorganized speech &/or deterioration in self-care” and opined that this
“suggest[s] strongly that what [the accused] has described are not true
psychotic hallucinations”. 342

##### Foot Note 342

×

Dr Koh’s Second Medical Report at p 2: ABOD at p 533.

Under cross-examination, Dr Koh added that the accused has done menial work
throughout his life and has experienced no deterioration in occupational
functioning. He also reiterated that the accused is capable of daily
functioning (eg, using the toilet, bathing) without assisted care. 343

##### Foot Note 343

×

NE, 3 March 2020, pp 146:7–147:2.

Dr Koh thus concluded that there was no substantial impairment to the
accused’s social, occupational or other important functioning and said that
whether there was some effect would be difficult to measure given that the
1978 Accident was “a[n] incident 30 years ago”. 344

##### Foot Note 344

×

NE, 3 March 2020, p 147:14–18.

165 Even the accused’s expert witnesses do not suggest that he experienced
impairment in social, occupational, or other important areas of functioning.
In fact, Dr Ng admits that the accused’s social adaptability was not impaired
at all. 345

##### Foot Note 345

×

NE, 4 February 2021, p 94:15–18.

Dr Winslow also denied observing any psychotic symptoms affecting the
accused’s functioning altogether. Dr Winslow agreed that the accused was able
to take care of himself and even came prepared for his medical examination by
bringing documents and photographs. 346

##### Foot Note 346

×

NE, 1 February 2021, pp 110:5–111:10.

166 The picture that emerges from Dr Koh, Dr Ng and Dr Winslow’s observations
of the accused is one of normalcy. It bears emphasising that the objective
circumstances – the accused living independently in the Rented Room and
renting three properties using his brother’s IC – makes it difficult to
believe that the accused suffered from psychosis at the time of the offence.
347

##### Foot Note 347

×

NE, 5 March 2020, pp 37:13–32, 47:23–26; NE, 1 February 2021, p 110:14–16.

Accordingly, on account of Factor (e) not being fulfilled, the accused fails
to prove that the 1978 Accident caused him to suffer from psychosis. The 1978
Accident therefore does not add any credibility to the Accused’s Alleged
Heroin Consumption Rate.

167 For completeness, I note that Dr Ng and Dr Koh disagree on the frequency
and nature of auditory hallucinations which are symptomatic of psychosis (ie,
Factor (a) at [155(a)] above). 348

##### Foot Note 348

×

DCS at paras 116–126.

For instance, Dr Koh’s Medical Report describes the accused’s account of his
hallucinations of Ah Heng’s voice as being “not elaborate; the voice only said
rudimentary words like ‘hurry up, hurry up’ and did not speak more …”. 349

##### Foot Note 349

×

Dr Koh’s Second Medical Report at p 2: ABOD at p 533.

Dr Koh testified that this was not “a conversation or a long discourse” which
is the typical presentation of true psychotic hallucination. 350

##### Foot Note 350

×

NE, 3 March 2020, p 41:16–17.

In contrast, Dr Ng testified that that these could be considered “rudimentary
hallucinations” and that the accused was probably trying to elaborate on all
the kinds of sounds, noises and voices that he could hear. 351

##### Foot Note 351

×

NE, 4 February 2021, pp 13:24–14:3.

However, it is not necessary for me to resolve this issue given that Factor
(e) is not made out.

168 Even if I am wrong about the accused not having psychosis, I fail to see
the relevance of his psychosis to the Consumption Defence. Dr Ng admits that
it is his assumption that the accused’s distress from the auditory
hallucinations was a contributing factor to the offence. 352

##### Foot Note 352

×

NE, 4 February 2021, p 96:24–30.

He also concedes that it is speculative to say that the auditory
hallucinations contributed to his drug-taking behaviour earlier on, his later
severe drug addiction and his need to get more money to fund his consumption
habit. 353

##### Foot Note 353

×

NE, 4 February 2021, pp 97:18–98:12.

Dr Winslow’s First Medical Report also opines that the accused’s auditory
hallucinations were not causally linked to his drug consumption by the time he
was arrested in December 2015. 354

##### Foot Note 354

×

Dr Winslow’s First Medical Report at para 16.

169 As regards issue (b) (see [154] above), I am not prepared to believe the
accused’s account of his increasing consumption rate from December 2014 to
December 2015. His own expert witness, Dr Winslow, opined that consuming
16–20g of heroin a day would only be sustainable for very short periods and
that the accused’s claim to have consumed daily at this rate for two months
(ie, from October to December 2015) is “unusual”. 355

##### Foot Note 355

×

NE, 1 February 2021, p 68:8–30.

Thus, although Dr Winslow also said that longer-term drug users are able to
consume greater doses, 356

##### Foot Note 356

×

NE, 1 February 2021, p 11:1–10.

the mere fact that one’s tolerance to a drug’s effects increases over time
does not suffice to establish the Accused’s Alleged Heroin Consumption Rate.
Further, that the accused only claimed to consume upwards of 16g of heroin a
day at his first interview with Dr Winslow in December 2019, 357

##### Foot Note 357

×

Dr Winslow’s First Medical Report at paras 5 and 15.

after maintaining all the while since 2015 that he consumed about 4–6g daily,
casts doubt on the truth of the Storage Claim and the Accused’s Alleged Heroin
Consumption Rate.

170 Finally, the accused’s claim that the quality of heroin obtained from Ah
Kiat was not as potent as the heroin he used to consume does not support the
Accused’s Alleged Heroin Consumption Rate. The accused submits that another
reason he consumed 16–20g of heroin per day was because Ah Kiat’s heroin was
of a poorer quality than that he consumed prior to working for Ah Kiat. He
gave this evidence during his EIC. 358

##### Foot Note 358

×

NE, 5 March 2020, p 7:32–8:7; NE, 12 March 2020, p 59:20–23.

He argues that this claim is corroborated by Josiah’s evidence. 359

##### Foot Note 359

×

DCS at paras 39–40.

Josiah testified that when he consumed heroin with the accused in 2003, the
quality of heroin was poorer than in the 1980s and this caused him to consume
more heroin. 360

##### Foot Note 360

×

NE, 2 February 2021, p 32:8–17.

However, I am reluctant to believe the accused. For one, Josiah’s evidence has
little corroborative value. His testimony that the potency of heroin he
consumed in 2003 was lower than that he consumed in the 1980s has nothing to
do with the alleged difference in the quality of heroin the accused obtained
from Ah Kiat and that he purchased before working for Ah Kiat. Given the
accused’s weak credibility (see [191] below), I do not think his testimony
alone establishes, on the balance of probabilities, that Ah Kiat’s heroin was
less potent than the other heroin he consumed prior to working for Ah Kiat.

171 Based on the foregoing, because the accused’s consumption rate of heroin
was less than 16–20g per day at the material time, the 450g of heroin in
Exhibit D1A2 is wholly disproportionate to the accused’s consumption needs. I
find it unlikely that Ah Kiat would gift such a large quantum of heroin to the
accused, especially in light of the remuneration arrangement he had with the
accused. I now turn to the latter point.

Whether the accused was remunerated by Ah Kiat in money or in kind?

172 To reiterate, the accused claims that Exhibit D1A2 was given to him for
his own consumption as remuneration for work done for Ah Kiat.

173 The accused submits that Ah Kiat agreed to pay him $10 for every sachet of
heroin he helped to repack. But, he was to be paid in heroin rather than in
cash. 361

##### Foot Note 361

×

DCS at para 41.

He argues that he was remunerated with approximately 700g of heroin (including
the 450g in Exhibit D1A2) by Ah Kiat for his own consumption. He says that the
700g was payment for the 150 sachets he repacked on the first four occasions
he worked for Ah Kiat. 362

##### Foot Note 362

×

DCS at para 49.

Ah Kiat has not yet remunerated him for the 60 sachets he was supposed to
repack from the heroin in Exhibit A1A. 363

##### Foot Note 363

×

DCS at paras 42–49.

He claims that 700g of heroin bought in Malaysia costs about $1,555.56, which
corresponds to the agreement for him to be paid $10 per sachet repacked.

174 The accused also submits that it was mutually beneficial for Ah Kiat and
him for him to be remunerated in heroin. Although the accused was paid in cash
for moving around other drugs like Ecstasy, Ketamine and Erimin, Ah Kiat, as a
drug dealer who dealt in heroin in bulk, would have been able to get a low
cost price on the heroin. 364

##### Foot Note 364

×

DCS at para 50.

As a heavy drug consumer, the accused would also have been more “incentivised”
to help Ah Kiat by being remunerated in heroin. 365

##### Foot Note 365

×

DCS at para 50.

175 I disagree with the accused’s submissions for these reasons.

176 First, I agree with the Prosecution that the amount of heroin that Ah Kiat
allegedly remunerated the accused with does not correspond to the remuneration
due to him for the number of sachets he packed in the previous four
consignments (assuming he was paid for work done) or the number of sachets he
was supposed to pack for the latest consignment (assuming he was paid
upfront). 366

##### Foot Note 366

×

PRS at para 8.

Preliminarily, in his EIC, the accused said that the first 50–60g of heroin he
received for his own consumption on his first consignment was an extra
benefit, and not remuneration for work done. 367

##### Foot Note 367

×

NE, 6 March 2020, at pp 6:28–7:5.

Only 640–650g of the heroin he allegedly received for his own consumption
represents remuneration. In other words, on the accused’s own case, he was
undercompensated by 50–60g of heroin for the 150 sachets he had already
packed. Because, if he was entitled to $10 per sachet repacked, he says he
should be remunerated with 700g of heroin in total. Even assuming that Exhibit
D1A2 was payment upfront for repacking Exhibit A1A only, the accused was only
entitled to $600 worth of heroin (based on $10 per sachet repacked). Receiving
an entire bundle of heroin (worth $1,000 based on the accused’s own
conversion) 368

##### Foot Note 368

×

NE, 9 November 2020, p 34:30–31; DCS at para 48.

is entirely disproportionate.

177 Second, the accused admitted multiple times in his CNB statements and on
the stand that: (a) he agreed to work for Ah Kiat because of his financial
difficulties; and (b) he was to be remunerated in cash under his arrangement
with Ah Kiat.

178 As regards the point at (a), I agree with the Prosecution’s submission
that the accused was financially strapped when Ah Kiat first offered him work.
369

##### Foot Note 369

×

PCS at paras 96 and 100.

In his Second Long Statement, the accused states that he finally decided to
work for Ah Kiat because he “was in need of cash. [He] was jobless and [had]
no money”. He also lamented that in October 2015, his health was not good and
he seldom worked due to his piles. 370

##### Foot Note 370

×

Second Long Statement at para 13: ABOD at p 264.

The accused also had not insignificant expenses to meet, including rental for
at least the Rented Room (which was $750 per month), daily necessities (eg,
cigarettes and food) and drugs. 371

##### Foot Note 371

×

NE, 5 March 2020, pp 46:27–47:6 (rental); NE, 2 November 2020, pp 7:18–8:23
(rental), 11:23–29 (daily necessities), 13:8–13 (drugs).

179 Further, the accused’s denials of having financial difficulties do not
stand up to scrutiny when seen against the other admissions he made:

(a) In his EIC, he admitted he had “no choice” but to accept Ah Kiat’s job
offer as he “needed money to pay for rental”. 372

##### Foot Note 372

×

NE, 5 March 2020, pp 46:25–27.

(b) During cross-examination, after being shown his bank statements, the
accused agreed that he had financial problems at the time he agreed to work
for Ah Kiat. 373

##### Foot Note 373

×

P215; NE, 2 November 2020, pp 21:16–23:15.

(c) The accused said his initial agreement with Ah Kiat was to receive not
more than half a bundle of heroin for repacking. 374

##### Foot Note 374

×

NE, 2 November 2020, p 64:7–21.

When asked why he was not deterred from working for Ah Kiat even though Ah
Kiat started giving him more than half a bundle to repack, the accused said he
thought of quitting “after one or two more times” when he “would be able to
collect [his] CPF”. 375

##### Foot Note 375

×

NE, 2 November 2020, pp 62:26–64:25.

It is telling that he explained, under cross-examination, that “[i]f [he]
could get a sum of money from CPF, [he] did not have to work for Ah Kiat”. 376

##### Foot Note 376

×

NE, 2 November 2020, p 65:23.

180 As regards the point at (b) at [177] above, I agree with the Prosecution
that the accused’s statements clearly record that Ah Kiat promised to
remunerate him in cash: 377

##### Foot Note 377

×

PCS at para 98.

(a) In his First Contemporaneous Statement, when asked how much he earned from
Ah Kiat, the accused said that “[f]or every small packets [sic] [he] packed,
[he] earn[ed] $10”. 378

##### Foot Note 378

×

First Contemporaneous Statement at Q12/A12: ABOD at p 76.

The accused alleges that he explained to Insp Eugene that he would earn $10
worth of heroin for each sachet repacked, but this was somehow not recorded.
379

##### Foot Note 379

×

NE, 6 March 2020, p 59:16–21.

I agree with the Prosecution that because this allegation was not put to Insp
Eugene, I am unable to take it into account. 380

##### Foot Note 380

×

PCS at para 99; NE, 20 August 2019, p 21:4–11.

(b) In his Second Long Statement, the accused said that the very first time Ah
Kiat contacted him, Ah Kiat asked him if he was “interested in earning money”
and that he would “share the profits equally” with him. 381

##### Foot Note 381

×

Second Long Statement at para 12: ABOD at p 264.

(c) In his Third Long Statement, the accused again said that his agreement
with Ah Kiat was to share the profits equally. But, he complained that Ah Kiat
did not honour the agreement and he only “earned about S$10/- for each 8 gram
sachet of ‘Bai Fen’ that [he] repacked”. He also said he was unable to provide
the “total amount of money” [emphasis added] he had earned so far from helping
Ah Kiat because he did not 382

##### Foot Note 382

×

NE, 22 August 2019, pp 12:27–13:6; NE, 23 August 2019, p 27:20–22; NE, 10
November 2020, p 35:3–32.

accumulate any savings from the money earned from helping Ah Kiat. He even
admitted that “[a]ll the money that [he] earned had been used to pay off [his]
rental and [his] daily necessities.” 383

##### Foot Note 383

×

Third Long Statement at para 20: ABOD at p 267.

(d) In his Fourth Long Statement, the accused repeated that “[a]ll the money
that [he] earned from drugs were just enough for [his] rental and daily needs.
As such, [he does] not have any savings that are from drug proceeds”. 384

##### Foot Note 384

×

Fourth Long Statement at para 40: ABOD at p 273.

The accused submits that the “money” in this sentence refers to a separate sum
of $2,700 that Ah Kiat gave him to cover his rental, the money he would get
for collecting horseracing monies as well as the “few tens of dollars” he
received for moving drugs other than heroin. But, he argues that these nuances
were not captured “largely” because of the accused’s lack of Mandarin
proficiency. 385

##### Foot Note 385

×

DCS at para 104.

As I have resolved the Mandarin Proficiency Issue against the accused, I see
no merit in the accused’s attempt to qualify the meaning of the cited portion
of the Fourth Long Statement.

I therefore find that the accused’s submission that he was to be remunerated
in kind is an afterthought to shore up the Consumption Defence.

181 For completeness, the accused explained that he was remunerated in kind
because paying him in cash would put Ah Kiat at “a losing end to his
disadvantage”. He claims that Ah Kiat “could get to [heroin] supply with very
cheap rate [sic]” and that it would cost Ah Kiat less to remunerate him in
heroin than in cash. 386

##### Foot Note 386

×

NE, 5 March 2020, pp 60:26–61:17; DCS at para 50.

However, this explanation does not account for why he repeatedly referenced
the money he earned from Ah Kiat in his long statements.

182 Third, I reject the accused’s evidence under cross-examination that Eng
told him on Ah Kiat’s behalf that the heroin in Exhibit D1A2 was for his
salary. According to the accused, on the day of his arrest, Ah Kiat called
him. The accused then passed the phone to Eng and Ah Kiat informed Eng to tell
the accused that Exhibit D1A2 was for his consumption (“the Eng Communication
Allegation”). 387

##### Foot Note 387

×

NE, 2 November 2020, pp 30:25–29, 31:23–28.

But, that this convenient allegation was raised belatedly more than a year
after trial commenced dents its credibility. During cross-examination the
accused said he failed to mention the Eng Communication Allegation in his
contemporaneous statements because he was not intelligent enough to know to
say it then. 388

##### Foot Note 388

×

NE, 2 November 2020, p 89:16.

During re-examination, he reiterated that he failed to raise this during
investigations or his EIC as he did not know what he should say and added that
he did not recall this fact at the time. 389

##### Foot Note 389

×

NE, 16 November 2020, p 64:23–26.

As counsel for the Defence indicated during re-examination, the Eng
Communication Allegation was not raised before cross-examination. Having
dismissed the suggestion that the accused was not intelligent enough to
appreciate the need to state the Consumption Defence in the Cautioned
Statement (see [89] above), I fail to see why the accused would withhold this
piece of information until his cross-examination. Absent a reasonable
explanation for the late disclosure of the Eng Communication Allegation, I
have no hesitation in finding that it is devoid of merit.

183 For the avoidance of doubt, Eng’s failure to give evidence was due to
logistical complications which are unrelated to the merits of the case. At
trial, a former CNB officer, Ms Jessica Ting Hui D’cruz, who was an
Investigating Officer in the accused’s investigation, testified that Eng was
repatriated to Malaysia before the accused’s trial commenced. 390

##### Foot Note 390

×

NE, 2 March 2020, p 50:3–16.

The CNB’s attempts to contact Eng, Eng’s family and the Malaysian police for
leads on Eng’s whereabouts were unsuccessful. 391

##### Foot Note 391

×

NE, 2 March 2020, pp 46:23–47:3 (Jessica Ting Hui D’cruz (“Jessica Ting”)),
52:26–53:4 (SSSgt Asilah binte Rahman, the Investigating Officer who took over
from Jessica Ting); NE, 1 February 2021, pp 1:12–2:28.

The Prosecution also acceded to the Defence’s request for access to court
documents relating to Eng’s prosecution. 392

##### Foot Note 392

×

PCS at para 116; D3; NE, 22 August 2019, p 43:7–20.

An adverse inference ought not to be drawn if “the failure to produce evidence
is reasonably attributable to reasons other than the merits of the case”
(Muhammad Nabill bin Mohd Fuad v Public Prosecutor [2020] 1 SLR 984 at
[74(a)], citing Sudha Natrajan v The Bank of East Asia Ltd [2017] 1 SLR 141 at
[21]). In these premises, no adverse inference against the Prosecution is
warranted. For the same reasons, the accused should not be penalised for
failing to secure Eng’s evidence.

184 In conclusion, the accused has not proved that the arrangement with Ah
Kiat was for him to be remunerated in kind. Instead, his statements persuade
me to find that the accused accepted Ah Kiat’s job offer as he was desperate
for money and that he was duly paid by Ah Kiat in cash.

Whether the accused lacks credibility as a witness?

185 The Prosecution submits that the accused is an uncredible witness because
he provided a wildly inconsistent account of the offence at trial and has a
propensity for lying in his self-interest.

186 First, I agree that the accused presented vastly different accounts of the
offence at various points in time. Most significantly, the Consumption Defence
only surfaced in Dr Lam’s Medical Report in July 2019. For over three years
prior to this, he consistently maintained that the bundles of heroin were in
his possession for repacking. Even where Dr Koh’s Second Medical Report stated
that he dipped into the drugs he received and used them, the accused did not
state that Exhibit D1A2 was for his consumption (see [121] above). As for the
Accused’s Alleged Heroin Consumption Rate, it increased fivefold from his long
statements in December 2015 to his first interview with Dr Winslow in December
2019 (see [145] above). He also sought to resile from admissions made in his
long statements that Ah Kiat remunerated him in cash (see [180] above).

187 The accused’s belated recharacterisation of Eng’s involvement in Ah Kiat’s
drug enterprise is another departure from his position in his long statements.
Throughout the investigations, the accused consistently exonerated Eng from
any involvement in the repacking of the drugs and insisted that Eng’s role was
limited to that of a money courier. 393

##### Foot Note 393

×

Second Long Statement at para 11: ABOD at p 263.

In his Second Long Statement, the accused even questioned whether Eng (who he
refers to as “Heng Dai” in the statement) knew that the money he was
collecting for Ah Kiat was related to drugs. 394

##### Foot Note 394

×

Second Long Statement at para 10: ABOD at p 263.

However, in yet another volte-face, during his cross-examination, the accused
claimed that Eng delivered drug trafficking paraphernalia (eg, plastic
packaging and weighing scales) to him on behalf of Ah Kiat 395

##### Foot Note 395

×

NE, 2 November 2020, pp 30:11–14.

and that Eng is a key witness who can corroborate his claim that Exhibit D1A2
was meant for his own consumption (viz, the Eng Communication Allegation). 396

##### Foot Note 396

×

NE, 2 November 2020, pp 30:23–29, 32:4–19; NE, 4 November 2020, p 14:4–6.

The accused’s explanation for this belated disclosure of the materiality of
Eng’s evidence is that he was not aware of its significance. 397

##### Foot Note 397

×

NE, 4 November 2020, pp 14:7–15:13; NE, 10 November 2020, p 38:4–20; NE, 16
November 2020, p 64:13–26.

I find this difficult to believe. As early as his Cautioned Statement in 2015,
the accused began to limit his own involvement in Ah Kiat’s drug operation by
claiming that he did not sell the drugs. If Eng was a witness who could
corroborate his Consumption Defence, it is incredible that the accused’s
cross-examination was the first instance of the accused raising the importance
of Eng’s evidence, especially when he has had the benefit of legal
representation. All the aforementioned departures from his earlier statements
(which are not insignificant) add up to weigh against his credibility.

188 Second, the accused took inconsistent positions within the trial itself.
For instance, when cross-examining Insp Eugene, counsel for the Defence asked
him if he found any straws without drugs in the cupboard pictured in
photograph 27 398

##### Foot Note 398

×

PB, photograph 27.

in the Rented Room. 399

##### Foot Note 399

×

NE, 20 August 2019, pp 10:13–11:6.

However, during the accused’s cross-examination, he then alleged that there
was also a straw of about 8cm in length containing heroin in a white soapbox
in the Rented Room, which he did not point out to the CNB officers during the
search. 400

##### Foot Note 400

×

NE, 2 November 2020, pp 48:1–49:7; NE, 9 November 2020, pp 22:23–25:12.

Even further still, under cross-examination on 9 November 2020, the accused
first said that he never told Insp Eugene about the white soapbox (see [27]
above). 401

##### Foot Note 401

×

NE, 9 November 2020, p 25:10–12.

But during his re-examination on 16 November 2020, he then claimed that he did
tell ”the IO” during his arrest (and I infer that the accused was referring to
Insp Eugene) about the white soapbox but that this was not recorded in his
contemporaneous statements and that he only recalled the white soapbox when
being cross-examined. 402

##### Foot Note 402

×

NE, 16 November 2020, pp 64:27–65:9.

189 The Prosecution alleges that the accused has a propensity to lie because:
(a) he admits to lying to Dr Ng (which I accepted at [161] above); and (b) he
claims to have lied to Insp Desmond and Mr Wong about accepting Ah Kiat’s job
offer because he needed money. I do not go so far as to agree with the
Prosecution’s allegation. I merely observe that the accused’s attempt to
explain away his reason for lying to Insp Desmond and Mr Wong appears to be an
instance of embellishing his earlier evidence. For context, the accused
claimed during cross-examination that the part of para 13 of his Second Long
Statement which states that he accepted Ah Kiat’s job offer because he needed
cash 403

##### Foot Note 403

×

Second Long Statement at para 13: ABOD at p 264.

is accurately recorded but is a lie. At first, on 10 November 2020, he
dismissed this part of para 13 of the Second Long Statement as a mere “excuse”
he gave to Insp Desmond and refused to explain further. 404

##### Foot Note 404

×

NE, 10 November 2020, pp 27:18–26, 29:5–7.

Later, during re-examination on 16 November 2020, the accused changed tack. He
then asserted that he “didn’t know why” he told Insp Desmond that he had
agreed to work for Ah Kiat because he needed money, and that at the time the
Second Long Statement was being recorded, he was unwell and suffering from
withdrawal symptoms. 405

##### Foot Note 405

×

NE, 16 November 2020, p 58:20–30.

190 I should add that the evolving nature of the accused’s explanation for why
he failed to raise the Consumption Defence in his First Contemporaneous
Statement is another instance of him embellishing his earlier evidence (see
[69] above).

191 In my judgment, the many inconsistencies described above taint the
credibility of the accused and fortify the portions of my decision where I
prefer the evidence of other witnesses over that of the accused, or decline to
believe the accused’s evidence.

Conviction

192 For all the foregoing reasons, the accused fails to establish the
Consumption Defence on the balance of probabilities. The presumption of
trafficking in s 17(c) of the MDA remains unrebutted.

193 I therefore find the accused guilty of having in his possession not less
than 25.01g of diamorphine for the purpose of trafficking under s 5(1)(a) read
with s 5(2) of the MDA and convict him of the Trafficking Charge accordingly.

Sentencing

194 Having heard the parties’ oral sentencing submissions, I find that the
alternative sentencing regime in s 33B(1) of the MDA does not apply. Because
he repacked the heroin in Exhibit A1A into smaller sachets to facilitate
distribution, 406

##### Foot Note 406

×

Second Long Statement at paras 24–25: ABOD at pp 268–269.

the accused was not merely a courier (Zainudin bin Mohamed v Public Prosecutor
[2018] 1 SLR 449 at [101]–[104], [112(d)]). Further, no certificate of
substantive assistance under s 33B(2)(b) was granted by the Prosecution, nor
did the accused submit that he was of unsound mind under  
s 33B(3)(b). I therefore impose the mandatory death penalty on the accused.

Vincent Hoong  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Mark Tay and Teo Siu Ming (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the Prosecution;

Chin Li Wen Tania, Laura Yeo (Withers KhattarWong LLP) and Lau Kah Hee (BC Lim
& Lau LLC) for the accused.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 13 Sep 2021 (16:17 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

