Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC 182

Magistrate’s Appeal 9754 of 2020

Between

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

| Chong Chee Boon Kenneth  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

Magistrate’s Appeal 9755 of 2020

Between

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

| Nazhan bin Mohamed Nazi  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

Magistrate’s Appeal 9818 of 2020

Between

| Nazhan bin Mohamed Nazi  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
|  
  
… Respondent

grounds of decision

[Criminal Law] — [Appeal]

[Criminal Law] — [Offences] — [Causing death by rash or negligent act]

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Sentencing] — [Appeals]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  
v

  

Chong Chee Boon Kenneth and other appeals

[2021] SGHC 182

General Division of the High Court — Magistrate’s Appeal Nos 9754 of 2020 and
9755 of 2020 and 9818 of 2020  
See Kee Oon J  
10 March, 5 April, 26 April 2021

23 July 2021

See Kee Oon J:

Introduction

1 The appeals before me arose from the unfortunate events which culminated in
the untimely death of a full-time National Serviceman, Corporal Kok Yuen Chin
(“Cpl Kok”). Lieutenant Chong Chee Boon Kenneth (“Lta Chong”) and Senior
Warrant Officer Nazhan bin Mohamed Nazi (“SWO Nazhan”) (collectively, “the
accused persons”) were jointly tried before a Senior District Judge (“SDJ”) on
charges of abetment by intentionally aiding the servicemen from ROTA 3 of Tuas
View Fire Station (“the Fire Station”) to commit an offence of causing
grievous hurt to Cpl Kok by doing a rash act which endangered human life.

2 Specifically, the charges averred that the accused persons had illegally
omitted to prevent the said servicemen from making Cpl Kok enter a 12-metre
deep pump well at the Fire Station. Cpl Kok drowned after he was pushed inside
the pump well. They had thereby committed offences punishable under s 338(a)
read with s 109 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed) (“Penal Code”).

3 At the conclusion of the joint trial, the SDJ acquitted the accused persons
of the s 338(a) charges, but convicted them on reduced charges under s 336(b).
The Prosecution appealed against the acquittals on the s 338(a) charges and
the convictions on the substituted s 336(b) charges. SWO Nazhan in turn
appealed against his conviction and sentence under the substituted s 336(b)
charge. The SDJ’s grounds of decision are reported as Public Prosecutor v
Chong Chee Boon Kenneth and another [2020] SGDC 228 (“the GD”).

4 I allowed the Prosecution’s appeals against the acquittals of Lta Chong and
SWO Nazhan on the original s 338(a) charges and dismissed SWO Nazhan’s appeal
against conviction and sentence. In this grounds of decision, I set out the
full reasons for my decision, incorporating the oral remarks I had delivered
previously on 5 and 26 April 2021.

Facts

The undisputed facts

5 Lta Chong and SWO Nazhan were Singapore Civil Defence Force (“SCDF”)
officers. They were the Commander and Deputy Commander respectively in charge
of the men of ROTA 3 based at the Fire Station (collectively “the servicemen”)
at all material times. Cpl Kok was then serving his National Service (“NS”)
with the SCDF at the Fire Station.

6 The factual background was largely undisputed. Much of what had transpired
was substantially captured on mobile phone video footage as well as CCTV
footage from the Fire Station. On 13 May 2018, the servicemen had gathered in
the watch room of Tuas View Fire Station to celebrate Cpl Kok’s impending
completion of full-time National Service. Lta Chong and SWO Nazhan were both
present at his pre-Operationally Ready Date (“ORD”) celebration, where Cpl Kok
was presented with a plaque and a cake. After the celebration ended at about 9
pm, Cpl Kok was carried by four of the servicemen to the pump well to perform
a “kolam” activity (“kolam”). This essentially involved Cpl Kok being
submerged inside a 12-metre-deep pump well with a diameter of 1.8 metres. At
the material time, the water in the pump well was filled to 11 metres.

7 Lta Chong remained in the watch room and saw the servicemen at the pump well
from his window. He shouted at the servicemen not to film what they were
doing. SWO Nazhan was with the servicemen at the pump well initially, but he
walked away as Cpl Kok was removing his polo T-shirt, boots and socks, as well
as his handphone and wallet.

8 After SWO Nazhan left the scene, Cpl Kok sat on the edge of the pump well,
while the remaining servicemen continued goading him to get inside the well.
It was at this time when Staff Sergeant Mohammad Nur Fatwa bin Mahmood (“SSgt
Fatwa”) suddenly pushed Cpl Kok from behind into the pump well. Cpl Kok was a
non-swimmer. When Cpl Kok failed to surface, a few servicemen entered the well
but were unable to locate him. They only managed to do so after a sufficient
amount of water was pumped out of the well. Cpl Kok was brought to a hospital
where he was pronounced dead at 11.02 pm on 13 May 2018.

Summary of the Prosecution’s case at trial

9 In the proceedings below, the Prosecution contended that there was evidence
adduced to show that the servicemen had committed a rash act by making Cpl Kok
enter the pump well either by himself or through the use of physical force.
The servicemen expected and intended for this to happen, as demonstrated by
their conduct in carrying him to the pump well and taunting him and egging him
on to enter the pump well.

10 The intended act of making Cpl Kok enter the pump well was an act of
ragging which was achieved through SSgt Fatwa’s push. As a result, grievous
hurt was caused to Cpl Kok. Even if Cpl Kok had entered the pump well himself,
there was undisputed expert evidence from the forensic pathologist, Dr George
Paul, who had opined that there was a substantial risk of drowning since Cpl
Kok was a non-swimmer.

11 By omitting to intervene when the servicemen were carrying out the “kolam”,
the accused persons had therefore abetted by intentionally aiding the
servicemen in their commission of the rash act, as they had been subjectively
conscious of the risk associated with the “kolam”. Alternatively, it was
argued that the risk was so obvious that they ought reasonably to have known
of it, adopting the test in Jali bin Mohd Yunos v Public Prosecutor [2014] 4
SLR 1059 (“Jali”) at [32].

12 As Cpl Kok’s commanders, the accused persons had breached their legal
obligation to keep him safe. They ought to have intervened to put a stop to
the “kolam” and would have been able to do so. However, they intended that the
rash act should be committed or were at least indifferent as to whether it was
committed or not, through their conscious decision not to intervene and to
allow the ragging to continue.

Summary of the Defences’ cases at trial

13 Both Lta Chong and SWO Nazhan were familiar with previous “kolam”
activities, which were undertaken as a welcome or celebratory ritual. They
themselves had personally experienced the “kolam” as a rite of passage in the
SCDF.

14 Lta Chong knew that the “kolam” was a prohibited as a form of ragging in
the SCDF. He knew that what the servicemen was doing was wrong, but he did not
want to spoil their celebratory mood. His defence was that the servicemen had
not intended any malice, and had only meant to tease and “scare” Cpl Kok as
part of his pre-ORD celebration. The servicemen had not planned to do anything
to Cpl Kok at the end of the celebration in the watch room. He himself had not
heard any mention of “kolam” in the watch room.

15 Lta Chong had also not expected that Cpl Kok would be pushed into the pump
well, and the “kolam” was not deemed by most of the servicemen to be a form of
ragging or a dangerous activity. He believed that Cpl Kok would enter the pump
well on his own, in which case it would have been a voluntary act and the risk
of harm would be “very low”. If Cpl Kok had resisted, Lta Chong did not expect
that the servicemen would have persisted and resorted to physical force. The
push by SSgt Fatwa was the cause of the grievous hurt suffered by Cpl Kok,
which broke the chain of causation. The push was sudden and unanticipated by
the servicemen, and much less by Lta Chong himself as he was not at the scene.
As Lta Chong’s failure to prevent the “kolam” was not an illegal omission
amounting to a rash act, the charge under s 338(a) was not made out and a more
probable offence would be one under s 336(b) of the Penal Code.

16 SWO Nazhan’s defence was similar in many respects to Lta Chong’s. However,
he denied that “kolam” was forbidden in the SCDF as a form of ragging. He
thought that the servicemen were only teasing Cpl Kok about entering the pump
well. They had not actually intended to make him enter the pump well if he was
unwilling to do so. In SWO Nazhan’s view, Cpl Kok was observed to be smiling
and laughing and he did not look nervous. SWO Nazhan felt that the servicemen
were only playing a prank as “boys will be boys” and they often played pranks
on each other.

17 After joining the servicemen at the pump well, SWO Nazhan had left them
there and returned to his office as he thought Cpl Kok would not be going into
the pump well and the servicemen were not doing anything to force him inside.
SSgt Fatwa’s subsequent act of pushing Cpl Kok was unexpected and not
reasonably foreseeable. As SWO Nazhan had been absent when this occurred, he
could not have intentionally aided the commission of the rash act. From his
own experience, not a single “kolam” activity had resulted in any fatalities
and thus no grave risk was involved. In any event, he himself had undergone a
“kolam” as a non-swimmer without any risk.

The decision below

18 At the conclusion of the joint trial, the SDJ found that there was no
general consensus as to what the “kolam” activity would involve, and that the
reasonable expectation of the servicemen was for Cpl Kok to enter the pump
well voluntarily. The SDJ also found that SSgt Fatwa’s sudden push of Cpl Kok
into the pump well was the proximate and efficient cause of the grievous hurt
suffered by Cpl Kok, applying the substantial cause test laid down in Ng Keng
Yong v Public Prosecutor and another appeal [2004] 4 SLR(R) 89 (“Ng Keng
Yong”). In this connection, the SDJ found that SSgt Fatwa’s act constituted
the primary offence under s 338(a). Consequently, he found that both Lta Chong
and SWO Nazhan did not have the necessary mens rea for the abetment charge.
There was “no concrete plan” to carry out any “kolam” activity on Cpl Kok, and
the accused persons did not expect that Cpl Kok would be pushed or physically
forced into the pump well against his wishes.

19 The SDJ found that most crucially, at the time of the push, Lta Chong and
SWO Nazhan were not physically present at the pump well. They did not witness
SSgt Fatwa’s push, and had no opportunity to intervene or actively prevent the
push from happening. As such, the SDJ concluded that there was insufficient
evidence to prove that the accused persons had knowledge of the essential
circumstances of the primary offence (ie, the pushing of Cpl Kok into the pump
well). He found that there was nonetheless a dereliction of duty on the part
of the accused persons in failing to ensure that Cpl Kok’s life and safety was
not endangered when he was on duty. Their failure to prevent the “kolam”
activity from taking place was an illegal omission.

20 As there was sufficient evidence to establish a charge under s 336(b)
against each of the accused persons, the SDJ framed amended charges against
them pursuant to s 128 of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed)
(“CPC”). The amended charges averred that by their illegal omissions to
prevent the servicemen from carrying out the "kolam", they had done a
negligent act which endangered human life.

21 Lta Chong pleaded guilty to and was convicted on the amended charge. SWO
Nazhan pleaded not guilty and elected not to recall any witnesses. The SDJ
found that SWO Nazhan was in a position of command and remained responsible
for ensuring the safety of the servicemen under him, irrespective of whether
he was the highest-ranking officer at the Fire Station. As he had failed to
stop the “kolam”, the SDJ found him guilty of the amended charge under s
336(b).

22 Citing the dominant sentencing principle of general deterrence and the high
degree of harm caused, the SDJ sentenced both the accused persons to ten
weeks’ imprisonment. At the conclusion of the trial, the Prosecution and SWO
Nazhan indicated their intention to appeal against the SDJ’s decision.
However, Lta Chong elected to serve his sentence, having acknowledged the
possibility that the sentence might be enhanced on the Prosecution’s appeal,
and undertook not to raise the argument that he would be prejudiced should he
have to serve any additional prison term.

The parties’ submissions on appeal

The Prosecution’s case

23 On appeal, the Prosecution contended that the SDJ had erred in finding that
the servicemen had left the choice of entering the pump well up to Cpl Kok. In
addition, while the push by SSgt Fatwa was a proximate and efficient cause of
the grievous hurt, it was not the sole proximate and efficient cause. The SDJ
had erred in failing to find that the push was consistent with the
servicemen’s aim of making Cpl Kok enter the pump well.

24 The Prosecution argued that the SDJ had erred in not finding that the
accused persons had intended to abet the rash act committed by the servicemen
when they made the conscious and deliberate decision not to intervene in the
“kolam”. In the alternative, the Prosecution argued that should the acquittal
on the original charges be upheld on appeal, the amended charges for both
accused persons should be reframed under s 336(a) for having committed a rash
act, instead of under s 336(b), the “negligent” limb of s 336.

Lta Chong’s case

25 In response to the Prosecution’s appeal, Lta Chong submitted that the
original charge under s 338(a) could not stand as the grievous hurt sustained
by Cpl Kok was the result of the intention and actions of SSgt Fatwa alone
which was not shared by the rest of the servicemen.

26 In relation to the Prosecution’s position that Lta Chong had been rash even
under the amended charge, Lta Chong submitted that as the amended charge was
not premised on abetment, his failure to prevent the “kolam” would have fallen
more appropriately within the definition of negligence which was added to the
Penal Code in 2020 under a new s 26F. He rightly conceded however that the
definition would not apply to him as the offences were committed in 2018.

27 Lta Chong had served his sentence and did not appeal against his conviction
or sentence in respect of the amended charge.

SWO Nazhan’s case

28 In response to the Prosecution’s appeal and in his cross-appeal against his
conviction on the amended charge, SWO Nazhan submitted that there was no
evidence that the “kolam” was a form of ragging activity which was banned by
the SCDF, and that he was not in a position to contradict Lta Chong’s failure
(as his superior officer) to stop the “kolam”. In addition, SWO Nazhan argued
that he had left the scene after he “decided” that the “kolam” activity had
ceased, and that he had “exercised the caution incumbent on him not to leave
the scene” if he thought that the “kolam” would continue.

29 SWO Nazhan further alluded to the fact that SSgt Fatwa’s actions had broken
the chain of causation, and that it was not proven that he knew or ought to
have known what either Cpl Kok or SSgt Fatwa were going to do. He could not
have stopped SSgt Fatwa’s act as he was not present when Cpl Kok was pushed
into the pump well. Finally, SWO Nazhan also submitted that Cpl Kok had
volunteered himself with knowledge of the potentially dangerous situation, and
that the harm occasioned to Cpl Kok would have fallen under the exception of
consent found under s 87 of the Penal Code.

The appeals against acquittal and conviction

The issues for determination

30 The following key issues arose before me at the hearing of the appeals:

(a) Was Cpl Kok a willing participant in the “kolam”?

(b) Was the “kolam” prohibited as a form of ragging which entailed foreseeable
risk?

(c) Was the chain of causation broken by the actions of SSgt Fatwa?

(d) Was abetment by illegal omission established on the facts?

(e) Were the actions of the accused persons rash or merely negligent?

A preliminary point

31 As emphasised by the Court of Appeal in ADF v Public Prosecutor and another
appeal [2010] 1 SLR 874 (“ADF”), the appellate court has a limited role in
reviewing findings of fact made by the trial court. In relation to the areas
where an appellate court might intervene, the following principles bear
repeating:

(a) Where the trial judge’s finding of fact hinges on an assessment of witness
credibility based on the witness’s demeanour, the appellate court will
interfere if the finding is plainly wrong or against the weight of the
evidence (see ADF at [16(a)]);

(b) Having considered all the evidence and having regard to the advantage of
the trial judge’s position in being able to see and hear the witnesses, the
appellate court may intervene if it concludes that the verdict is wrong in law
and therefore unreasonable (see ADF at [16(a)]);

(c) Where the finding of fact by the trial judge is based on the inferences
drawn from the internal consistency in the content of witnesses’ testimony or
the external consistency between the content of the witnesses’ testimony and
the extrinsic evidence, an appellate court is in as good a position as the
trial court to assess the witnesses’ evidence. A decision inconsistent with
the material objective evidence would warrant appellate intervention (see ADF
at [16(b)]);

(d) An appellate court is as competent as any trial judge to draw any
necessary inferences of fact from the circumstances of the case (see ADF at
[16(c)]).

32 The present appeals were primarily concerned with principles (b), (c) and
(d) above pertaining to the reasonableness of the trial judge’s decision and
how necessary inferences of fact ought to have been drawn. In addressing the
arguments raised in the present case, the factual context had to be fully
appreciated and the textures of the objective evidence had to be carefully
evaluated. In this connection, the CCTV and mobile phone video footage
(together with the audio recordings and accompanying transcripts of the
recordings) which documented the interactions of Cpl Kok with the servicemen
in the moments both preceding and encompassing the “kolam” were highly
material.

Was Cpl Kok a willing participant in the “kolam”?

33 SWO Nazhan had argued that by reason of Cpl Kok having voluntarily placed
himself in the potentially dangerous situation and consented to the “kolam”,
the harm occasioned to Cpl Kok was not an offence as it fell within the
general defence of consent under s 87 of the Penal Code.

What amounts to consent for the purposes of the Penal Code?

34 Section 87 of the Penal Code provides:

Nothing, which is not intended to cause death or grievous hurt, and which is
not known by the doer to be likely to cause death or grievous hurt, is an
offence by reason of any harm which it may cause, or be intended by the doer
to cause, to any person above 18 years of age, who has given consent, whether
express or implied, to suffer that harm; or by reason of any harm which it may
be known by the doer to be likely to cause to any such person who has
consented to take the risk of that harm.

35 Section 90 of the Penal Code further provides:

A consent is not such a consent as is intended by any section of this Code —

(a) if the consent is given by a person —

(i) under fear of injury or wrongful restraint to the person or to some other
person; or

(ii) under a misconception of fact,

and the person doing the act knows, or has reason to believe, that the consent
was given in consequence of such fear or misconception;

…

36 As observed by Tay Yong Kwang J (as he then was) in Public Prosecutor v
Iryan bin Abdul Karim and others [2010] 2 SLR 15 (“Iryan”) at [121], consent
is not defined in positive terms in the Penal Code. Rather, it is described in
terms of when consent is vitiated (see also Stanley Yeo, Neil Morgan and Chan
Wing Cheong, Criminal Law in Malaysia and Singapore (LexisNexis, 2018) (“Yeo,
Morgan & Chan”) at para 19.12). While there have been attempts to define what
consent is (see Yeo, Morgan & Chan at para 19.12), the Penal Code Review
Committee had made the specific recommendation not to provide a statutory
definition of consent, as it was deemed unlikely to assist the courts in
practice and it was felt that s 90 of the Penal Code already provided
sufficient clarity on what consent was not (see Penal Code Review Committee,
Report (August 2018) at section 23.6).

37 Consequently, based on s 90 of the Penal Code, consent is not made out
when:

(a) Consent is given under fear of injury or wrongful restraint to the person
or some other person (s 90(a)(i));

(b) Consent is given under a misconception of fact (s 90(a)(ii));

(c) Consent is given by a person who is unable to understand the nature and
consequences of that to which consent is given, because of unsoundness of
mind, mental incapacity, intoxication, or the influence of any drug or other
substance (s 90(b));

(d) Consent is given by a person under 12 years of age (s 90(c)).

38 In Balakrishnan S and another v Public Prosecutor [2005] 4 SLR(R) 249
(“Balakrishnan”), two senior commanders in the Singapore Armed Forces
overseeing survival training were charged under s 304A and s 338 of the Penal
Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed) (“Penal Code 1985”) for causing the death of a
trainee and grievous hurt to another trainee during a dunking session
conducted during the course to simulate prisoner-of-war treatment. The
supervising officer, Captain Pandiaraj (“Capt Pandiaraj”), was charged with
abetment by instigation, while the course commander, Warrant Officer S
Balakrishnan (“WO Balakrishnan”), was charged with abetment by illegal
omission. On appeal, one of the arguments raised by Capt Pandiaraj was that
the trainee who had been grievously hurt had consented to the treatment, and
that the harm caused was not an offence by application of s 87 of the Penal
Code 1985. However, Yong Pung How CJ held that the defence of consent did not
apply as the survival training was a compulsory activity that the trainee was
required to participate in, and even if he had volunteered to attend the
training, he would have had to consent with the knowledge of the treatment he
would have been subjected to. There was no evidence that the trainee had
possessed such knowledge (see Balakrishnan at [104]–[105]).

39 In this regard, I note that in the context of sexual offences, the Court of
Appeal in Pram Nair v Public Prosecutor [2017] 2 SLR 1015 (“Pram Nair”) at
[93] had stated that whether or not there was consent is a question of fact,
and, citing Iryan at [123], had accepted the concept of consent as
encompassing:

(a) Voluntary participation on the part of the person at the receiving end of
the conduct, after having exercised his/her intelligence, based on the
knowledge of the significance and moral quality of the act;

(b) Agreement to submission while in free and unconstrained possession of
his/her physical and moral power to act in a power he/she wanted;

(c) The exercise of a free and untrammelled right to forbid or withhold what
is being consented to;

(d) Voluntary and conscious acceptance of what is proposed to be done by a
person and concurred in by the person at the receiving end of the conduct.

40 While I do not propose to set out a definition of what amounts to consent
for present purposes, in my view, the essential elements which would make up
valid consent are fundamentally similar irrespective of whether the court is
dealing with sexual or non-sexual offences. With the exception of the offence
of murder for which consent can only provide a partial defence under Exception
5 to s 300 of the Penal Code, I am of the view that in order for consent to
operate as a complete defence, the following threshold requirements should be
satisfied at the minimum:

(a) There must be voluntary participation on the part of the “victim” after
he/she had been able to appreciate the significance and the moral quality of
the act proposed to be done (see Pram Nair at [93]);

(b) There must be some element of agreement as to what is proposed to be done
to the “victim”. In this regard, it is a question of fact whether there was an
agreement, which can be implied or express and there is no requirement for any
conventional contractual analysis. What is important is that the “victim” must
know the nature of the act proposed to be done and the reasonably foreseeable
consequences of the act (see Balakrishnan at [104]–[105]);

(c) There must not be any fact which calls into question whether consent was
given voluntarily. In this regard, the presence of any of the vitiating
factors in s 90 of the Penal Code would be prima facie evidence of a lack of
voluntariness. It is also clear from the definition of “injury” in s 44 of the
Penal Code, that “injury” for the purposes of s 90(a)(i) of the Penal Code
would encompass any harm “illegally caused to any person, in body, mind,
reputation or property” (see Yeo, Morgan & Chan at para 19.19).

Was there consent on Cpl Kok’s part?

41 The following commentary which was endorsed by the High Court in Iryan (at
[123]) is highly instructive, notwithstanding that it pertains to the element
of consent in relation to the offence of rape under the Indian equivalent of
the now amended s 375 of the Penal Code 1985. This is drawn from Ratanlal &
Dhirajlal’s Law of Crimes: A Commentary on the Indian Penal Code 1860 vol 2 (C
K Thakker & M C Thakker eds) (Bharat Law House, 26th Ed, 2007) at p 2061 (see
Ratanlal & Dhirajlal’s The Indian Penal Code (Act XLV of 1860) (Y V
Chandrachud & V R Manohar eds) (Wadhaw and Company Nagpur, 31st Ed, 2006) at
pp 1921–1922 and Sri Hari Singh Gour’s The Penal Law of India (Law Publishers
(India) Pvt Ltd, 11th Ed, 2000) vol 4 at pp 3611–3614 for similar points):

A mere act of helpless resignation in the face of inevitable compulsion,
quiescence, non-resistance or passive giving in, when volitional faculty is
either clouded by fear or vitiated by duress, cannot be deemed to be ‘consent’
as understood in law.

42 Bearing the relevant legal principles on consent in mind, I turn to the
facts. My observations in this regard were based primarily on the undisputed
facts as well as the objective evidence in the form of the mobile phone video
and CCTV footage. There were also accompanying transcripts of the audio
recordings from the mobile phone video footage.

43 While in the watch room for his pre-ORD “celebration”, Cpl Kok appeared to
be smiling and cheerful while being filmed as he was made to give a farewell
speech before cutting the cake that was presented to him. Based on the
available transcripts of the audio extracts, he had expressed gratitude to his
superiors for taking care of him, while he also sought forgiveness for
perceived mistakes. The transcripts however also show that Cpl Kok was being
mocked, teased and taunted. From the video footage, one could reasonably
interpret his demeanour differently as projecting nervous unease and
trepidation since he had already been made aware in no uncertain terms that
the “kolam” was impending and inevitable despite not being able to swim. At
one point, he appeared to be crying even while ostensibly keeping up a
cheerful outlook. For this, he was teased as well. It would not have been
possible to tell whether these were tears of joy or fear, or a mixture of
both.

44 Two of the servicemen (Staff Sergeant Al-Khudaifi Chang and Lance Corporal
Mohamed Rabik Atham Ansari) testified that after the celebration in the watch
room ended, Cpl Kok had attempted to leave the watch room but he was prevented
from doing so. As the CCTV footage revealed, Cpl Kok was then carried to the
pump well. He did not choose to go to the well on his own volition; he was
manhandled and carried there by four persons. Others then joined in along the
way. The taunting and mocking continued relentlessly as they surrounded him at
the pump well. Removing some of his personal items may seem to reflect a
possible willingness on his part to enter the pump well, but it was equally if
not more conceivable that he only did so since he was being given Hobson’s
choice. It was also pertinent to note that Cpl Kok did not remove all his
clothing. He had in fact kept his T-shirt and trousers on, after removing his
handphone, wallet, polo T-shirt, boots and socks. If he had really had no
qualms entering the pump well, it was odd that he would keep his remaining
clothes on and get them wet.

45 Cpl Kok was constantly surrounded by up to as many as eight to ten other
servicemen, including various higher-ranking senior officers like SWO Nazhan,
Warrant Officer Mohamed Farid bin Mohd Saleh (“WO Farid”) and SSgt Fatwa. They
continued to put pressure on him and persisted in goading him and egging him
on. Cpl Kok’s reluctance to participate in the “kolam” was palpable and clear.
He protested not only once but three times, to no avail each time.

46 On my evaluation of the primary facts, two critical irresistible inferences
ought to have been drawn. First, the servicemen were intent on making sure
that Cpl Kok would undergo the “kolam” and get wet by going into the pump
well. This was the expected outcome and the highlight of their pre-ORD
celebration. The second inference was that Cpl Kok was not being given any
choice in the matter. The expected outcome would be achieved by making him go
inside the pump well one way or another.

47 The weight of the evidence fully supported the inference that Cpl Kok was
never a willing participant. He had never given any express or implied consent
to the “kolam”. Tellingly, not a single witness testified that he had said he
consented. As the Prosecution pointedly submitted, there was no way for Cpl
Kok to simply stand up and walk away in a highly regimented and hierarchical
uniformed organization. It does not require someone to have even experienced
NS to appreciate that it would take an unusually bold and defiant NS man,
whether full-time or operationally ready, to directly disobey a superior
officer’s orders or demands. Few if any NS men would be prepared to do so and
risk the prospect of immediate punishment or formal disciplinary action.

48 As demonstrated from the irrefutable evidence, Cpl Kok could not defy his
superior officers’ demands but only plead with them, albeit weakly and meekly,
“Don’t lah, Encik”, “Belum, Encik” (meaning “not yet, Encik”) and “Cannot,
Encik”. All this was fully captured in the audio extracts and the accompanying
transcripts. All his protestations were ignored. The SDJ made no reference in
the GD to any of these crucial pieces of objective evidence. This suggested
that he had overlooked them in their entirety or somehow found them
irrelevant. Indeed, it would appear from the GD that there was scarcely any
attention paid to the totality of the video and CCTV footage, resulting in
little or no assessment of important aspects of objective evidence and how
they cohered with the evidence adduced, both undisputed and contentious.

49 The chain of events that evening must be viewed holistically and in its
full and proper perspective. From the undisputed facts and the video and CCTV
footage, it was completely implausible that Cpl Kok was a ready, willing and
able participant, and that the servicemen could have reasonably perceived that
he had given consent to the “kolam”. In my view, the general defence of
consent did not avail either SWO Nazhan or Lta Chong for two reasons. First,
this was not a situation where Cpl Kok was allowed to exercise his own free
will. He was constantly being harassed and pressured to conform and comply,
with the active involvement of various superior officers, inclusive of SWO
Nazhan. According to SSgt Fatwa, whose evidence on this score was not
challenged in cross-examination, SWO Nazhan helpfully “advised” Cpl Kok to
jump nearer to the edge of the pump well if he could not swim. Then he simply
walked away. If Cpl Kok’s consent was not completely vitiated, he would at
least have been acting under overwhelming duress. This was quintessentially a
situation where Cpl Kok was placed squarely in a situation of “helpless
resignation in the face of inevitable compulsion” (see [41] above).

50 Second, under s 90(a) of the Penal Code, an accused person is required to
know or have reason to believe that the consent was not given under fear of
injury, wrongful restraint or misconception of fact. This is an objective
inquiry, and the defence of consent will not be available if the accused
person knew or ought to have known that any purported consent was obtained due
to fear of injury (see Iryan at [125]). As I had noted above (at [47]), Cpl
Kok never gave any express or implied consent to the “kolam”. He was carried
to the pump well against his will. Both SWO Nazhan and Lta Chong knew or ought
to have known that even if Cpl Kok had entered the pump well on his own, there
was no valid consent on his part to speak of in the circumstances.

51 Furthermore, none of the witnesses who testified at the trial would be able
to tell the court what exactly was Cpl Kok’s state of mind. Each of the
witnesses had a vested interest in some form to downplay their own roles,
including claiming that they were just playing a prank on Cpl Kok to scare him
and asserting that there was an expectation that he would enter the pump well
voluntarily at some point. In my view, all this was not much more than an
attempt to conveniently distance themselves from SSgt Fatwa’s act of pushing
Cpl Kok into the pump well.

Was the “kolam” prohibited as a form of ragging which entailed foreseeable
risk?

52 This was an issue of fact that was disputed by the parties in the
proceedings below. Although Lta Chong had acknowledged in his first statement
to the police that “kolam” activities were banned about ten years ago, during
his examination-in-chief, he had attempted to differentiate activities of
“kolam” into ragging or non-ragging on the basis of whether malice was
involved. On the other hand, SWO Nazhan maintained on appeal that the “kolam”
was not considered to be a form of ragging. SWO Nazhan argued that the
Prosecution had failed to adduce any evidence that the “kolam” was considered
ragging, and that while ragging was prohibited, neither of the accused was
specifically instructed to prevent the “kolam”.

53 In my view, it is immaterial that other than a general prohibition of
ragging, there was no express prohibition of “kolam” within the SCDF. Whether
one chooses to label it more innocuously as horseplay or a send-off prank
since “boys will be boys”, it is still ragging in substance. The evidence
showed that both accused persons undoubtedly knew that “kolam” fell well
within the definition of ragging, contrary to their attempts to redefine what
“kolam” entailed. Both of them knew that it was banned; this was why they had
specifically instructed the servicemen not to film or post videos of the acts.

54 The accused persons did not dispute that they owed Cpl Kok a duty to keep
him safe from any form of ragging, and more so where ragging involved
dangerous or risky activity. They also appreciated that “kolam” was banned
because it was a dangerous and risky activity. They were advertent to the
risks. The Prosecution had not suggested that the accused persons had any
malicious intent but accepted that Lta Chong had allowed the “kolam” to
proceed so as not to spoil the celebratory mood. The Prosecution also accepted
that the accused persons may not have subjectively viewed the activity as
dangerous. Nevertheless, these considerations had no bearing on the charges.
No harm may have been known to have previously resulted to any of the
witnesses when they themselves underwent or saw others experiencing the
“kolam”, but this did not mean that the obvious risks or danger could be
dismissed or disregarded.

55 Lta Chong had ultimately acknowledged that “kolam” was prohibited as a form
of ragging and conceded that it was an inherently dangerous activity. As for
SWO Nazhan, there was absolutely no justification for his assertion that a
voluntary decision to enter the pump well would not constitute ragging if no
force was used. It was artificial to draw a distinction between physical and
psychological coercion in the present circumstances. As I have already
explained, Cpl Kok had never volunteered, consented or shown any willingness
to participate in the “kolam”.

Was the chain of causation broken by the actions of SSgt Fatwa?

Test for causation in negligence

56 A central argument canvassed by both Lta Chong and SWO Nazhan in the
proceedings before me and below was that the actions of SSgt Fatwa had broken
the chain of causation.

57 In Lim Poh Eng v Public Prosecutor [1999] 1 SLR(R) 428 (“Lim Poh Eng”), a
traditional Chinese medicine practitioner was charged under s 338 of the Penal
Code 1985 after administering colonic washout treatments to the victim. He had
negligently failed to attend to the victim and refer her to a hospital after
she started experiencing complications from the treatment. In setting out the
standard of care for criminal negligence, Yong Pung How CJ ruled that the
standard is similar to that for civil negligence (see Lim Poh Eng at [20],
[28]–[30]). With specific reference to s 338 of the Penal Code 1985, Yong CJ
stated that “in addition to proving negligence, the Prosecution has to prove
grievous hurt to a person and that the act endangered human life or the
personal safety of others”, and that the standard of proof on the prosecution
would be that of proof beyond reasonable doubt (see Lim Poh Eng at [27]).

58 In Ng Keng Yong, two naval officers were charged under s 304A of the Penal
Code 1985 for negligently causing the death of several servicemen, when they
had altered their ship’s course, resulting in a collision with another vessel.
It was not disputed that the actions of the other vessel’s crew had
contributed to the collision. In response to arguments that the other vessel’s
negligent manoeuvre had broken the chain of causation, Yong CJ held that the
adoption of the civil standard of care in criminal negligence did not allow
for the importation of principles of causation from civil negligence, such as
the “but for” test and the doctrine of novus actus interveniens into the
operation of criminal law, and that “the entire law of civil negligence”
should not be transplanted into the criminal sphere (Ng Keng Yong at [63]).
Rather, the test was whether the negligence of the accused contributed
significantly or substantially to the result (see Ng Keng Yong at [66];
Balakrishnan at [76]). In addition, CJ Yong also stated that the chain of
causation was not necessarily broken whenever another party’s negligence
intervenes. Instead, the real enquiry should be directed at the “relative
blameworthiness” of the parties (see Ng Keng Yong at [65] and [66]).

59 In this regard, CJ Yong’s rejection of the principles of causation from
civil negligence in Ng Keng Yong has been subject to academic scrutiny,
amongst which the criticisms are that there were no detailed reasons given for
the rejection of the “but for” test and the doctrine of novus actus
interveniens, and that it would be self-contradictory to require a stricter
test for causation yet reject such established principles (see Stanley Yeo,
“Causation in Criminal and Civil Negligence” (2007) 25 Sing LR 108 at pp
115–117).

60 I note that an alternative test for causation premised on foreseeability
has been mooted by academics, which requires the court to consider the
question: “when D acted in the way they did, did they actually foresee or
could they have reasonably foreseen V’s death [or injury] as a likely
consequence of such conduct?” (see Yeo, Morgan and Chan at para 5.30).

61 In my view, the issues that were engaged in the present case did not
necessitate the adoption or endorsement of a different test for causation
premised on foreseeability. The “substantial cause” test as stated in Ng Keng
Yong (see above at [58]) has already been well-accepted in Singapore as well
as other parts of the Commonwealth. As Sundaresh Menon CJ in Guay Seng Tiong
Nickson v Public Prosecutor [2016] 3 SLR 1079 (“Nickson Guay”) stated at [38]:

Hence, in order to escape liability, it is not sufficient for the accused to
point to the fact that there are other contributing causes. All the
prosecution has to show is that the accused is a substantial cause of the
injury even if there were other contributing causes. I should add that I use
the term “substantial cause” because it was the expression used in Ng Keng
Yong ([34] supra) at [71]. The test for causation has been variously
articulated in other parts of the Commonwealth, with expressions such as “not
insignificant”, “more than de minimis”, or “significant contribution” having
been used to convey the same notion that an accused’s act must be a
significant cause of death in order for liability to attach (see R v Nette
[2001] 3 SCR 488 at [4]; R v Smithers [1978] 1 SCR 506; Royall v The Queen
[1991] 100 ALR 669; R v Pagett (1983) 76 Cr App R 279 at 288 per Robert Goff
LJ; R v Cato [1976] 1 All ER 260 at 266d per Lord Widgery CJ; R v Cheshire at
852A). I also note that there are some who consider that these are not merely
semantic differences (see Stanley Yeo, “Causation in Criminal and Civil
Negligence”, (2007) 25 Sing L Rev 108 and see also the observations of Lord
Sumner in British Columbia Electric Railway Company, Limited v Loach [1916] 1
AC 719 at 727–728) but as none of this is in issue before me, I say no more on
this.

[emphasis in original omitted, emphasis added in italics]

62 However, even if the inquiry in relation to causation is directed at
whether the actions of the offender had been the substantial cause of the
injury (or death) which resulted even if there were other contributing causes,
it does not mean that the doctrine of novus actus interveniens has no
practical application whatsoever in the context of criminal negligence. As
stated by Menon CJ in Nickson Guay at [33]:

It has thus often been said that the common law approaches the question of
causation on a common-sense basis (see McGhee v National Coal Board [1973] 1
WLR 1 at 5B per Lord Reid and Alexander v Cambridge Credit Corp Ltd (1987) 12
ACLR 202 at 244 per McHugh JA). The underlying inquiry is always whether there
is a sufficient nexus between the negligent conduct and the damage to justify
the attribution of responsibility to the actor. If the nexus is not
sufficient, liability will not attach to the negligent actor in respect of
that damage. Actions of third parties or the victim may serve to so weaken the
nexus between the actor’s conduct and the eventual damage that he cannot be
said to be a legal cause of the damage even if, on a scientific and objective
analysis, his act was a factual cause of the damage.

[emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added in bold italics]

63 It would not be wrong to adopt the doctrine of novus actus interveniens (or
other principles of civil negligence) as practical guidance for the court’s
inquiry into the existence of a sufficient nexus between the negligent conduct
sought to be punished and the harm (or damage) caused. In other words, the
doctrine of novus actus interveniens could assist the court to decide if the
act of the accused was a substantial cause of the harm such that it can be
said to be a sufficiently proximate and efficient cause of the harm. After
all, it is trite that liability will not attach where the harm (or damage) is
caused by some “overwhelming supervening act” by a third party perpetrator
which no one in the accused’s shoes could have reasonably foreseen would
happen (see R v Anderson; R v Morris [1966] 2 All ER 644 at p 648E; R v Jogee;
Ruddock v The Queen [2017] AC 387 at [97]).

64 In this regard, Ng Keng Yong had rightly rejected the applicability of the
doctrine of novus actus interveniens in criminal negligence, to the extent
that it cannot be taken to be the sum total of the inquiry as to whether
causation was made out. As pointed out by Prof Glanville Williams, the
doctrine of accessorial liability was developed to deal with a situation which
would otherwise have been considered as a novus actus interveniens (Glanville
Williams, “Finis for Novus Actus?” [1989] CLJ 391 at pp 397–398):

The novus actus doctrine is at the root of the law of complicity. If one
person instigates another to commit murder, the philosophy of autonomy teaches
that the instigator does not cause the death, responsibility for causation
being confined to the person who does the deed, and who is therefore the
latest actor in the series. In order to bring in the instigator and helpers,
bypassing this restriction on the law, the judges invented the doctrine of
complicity, distinguishing between principals and accomplices. Principals
cause, accomplices encourage (or otherwise influence) or help. If the
instigator were regarded as causing the result he would be a principal, and
the conceptual division between principals (or, as I prefer to call them,
perpetrators) and accessories would vanish. Indeed, it was because the
instigator was not regarded as causing the crime that the notion of
accessories had to be developed. This is the irrefragable argument for
recognising the novus actus principle as one of the bases of our criminal law.
The final act is done by the perpetrator, and his guilt pushes the
accessories, conceptually speaking, into the background. Accessorial liability
is, in the traditional theory, “derivative” from that of the perpetrator …

The references to the “helpers” and “accomplices” in the passage cited above
would of course include abettors, accessories and co-conspirators as well.

65 In a similar vein, while I declined to adopt the foreseeability test as the
test for causation, having regard to the observations of the High Court in Ng
Keng Yong and Nickson Guay, a finding of actual or reasonable foreseeability
(or its absence) would be useful in helping the court to determine if a
sufficient nexus had existed between the act of the accused and the harm or
damage caused.

Did SSgt Fatwa’s actions break the chain of causation?

66 The SDJ had found that SSgt Fatwa’s sudden push of Cpl Kok into the pump
well was the “primary offence”, ie, the sole proximate and efficient cause of
the grievous hurt suffered by Cpl Kok. With respect, however, it could not be
said that SSgt Fatwa’s act of pushing Cpl Kok was completely unforeseen and
unexpected and had thus broken the chain of causation. In any case, the act of
pushing Cpl Kok was not an ingredient of the s 338(a) charges, when the
charges had specified that the relevant intent was to make Cpl Kok enter the
pump well.

67 Properly evaluated, the evidence plainly and cogently led to the compelling
inference that both the accused persons, like all the other servicemen, knew
or ought to have known that it was virtually inevitable that Cpl Kok would
have been thrown or pushed into the pump well if he had not voluntarily
entered it. It would be highly artificial to insist, as the SDJ appeared to
have done (at [33] of the GD), that there ought to have been “concrete
evidence of a common consensus” among the servicemen or evidence of “any
discussion as to the means [to be employed]” to make Cpl Kok enter the pump
well. With respect, it was implausible that there would have been any precise
plans or serious discussion amidst the spontaneity of the situation.

68 To be clear, the “kolam” was not a wholly impromptu event that simply came
up on the spur of the moment. SWO Nazhan had in fact confirmed that the
servicemen had raised the idea of a “kolam” during a briefing by Lta Chong at
least two or three duties before that fateful day. SWO Nazhan himself had said
the word “kolam” along with many other servicemen while inside the watch room,
together with a number of unrelenting calls for Cpl Kok to take off his
clothes and go straightaway to the pump well and “bathe” or “shower”. Sergeant
Mohammad Hazwan bin Hassan (“Sgt Hazwan”) had even told Cpl Kok while in the
watch room that if he did not go inside the pump well by himself, he would
bring him in. With the repeated calls in the watch room for the “kolam”, it
was inconceivable that Lta Chong and SWO Nazhan could not have known that the
“kolam” was inevitable. Whether Cpl Kok would consent to it or not was
irrelevant to the servicemen.

69 Ultimately, whether there was any common consensus was a matter of
inference to be discerned from an examination of the totality of the evidence.
From the transcripts of the audio recordings, while Cpl Kok was at the pump
well, Sgt Hazwan told Cpl Kok thrice that he would “tolak” (ie, push) him. Sgt
Hazwan claimed that he was only “teasing and playing” with Cpl Kok. At any
rate, Cpl Kok ended up being pushed into the pump well within 45 seconds of
seating himself at the edge of the well. Once again, from the transcripts of
the audio recordings, it would appear that this came about due to WO Farid’s
and SSgt Fatwa’s mounting impatience with Cpl Kok’s constant hesitation and
apparent reluctance to get inside the pump well. It may not have been intended
that he should be hurt or drown, but these were not wholly unforeseeable
outcomes.

70 When Cpl Kok was pushed into the pump well, even if the push was sudden and
unexpected, no one present seemed to have expressed any shock or surprise,
much less any immediate concern for Cpl Kok. Instead, there was only smiles
and laughter among the servicemen present, as if to celebrate the ultimate
achievement of their goal of getting Cpl Kok wet. It was obvious that this was
their common purpose. That said, it would be fair to note that no one had
expected him to fail to surface either.

71 In the circumstances, the only appropriate inference was that, like each
and every one of the servicemen involved that evening, both accused persons
knew exactly what the “kolam” entailed. It made no difference how Cpl Kok
ended up inside the pump well. Cpl Kok would end up in there one way or
another. Lta Chong in fact conceded in cross-examination that he knew that
this would be the outcome. Thus, it was not merely that the servicemen had
“hoped or desired” to see Cpl Kok get wet and would back off if he declined to
enter the pump well. The common purpose was simple and straightforward. It was
evident in the escalating actions from the moment the “kolam” idea was
mentioned repeatedly in the watch room, to when Cpl Kok was carried to the
pump well and thereafter made to remove his personal items and sit on the edge
of the well.

72 In my view, SSgt Fatwa’s push did not amount to a novus actus interveniens
which broke the chain of causation. It was the means through which the
servicemen’s common purpose was achieved. The fact that SSgt Fatwa’s push may
have been sudden and perhaps unexpected was irrelevant. It was not
unforeseeable but more importantly, it was wholly consistent with their common
purpose. Equally, it was reasonably foreseeable that an omission to put a stop
to the “kolam” could have led to Cpl Kok suffering grievous injury. Thus
whether on the application of the “substantial cause” test in Ng Keng Yong or
alternatively on the application of a test for causation premised on
foreseeability, I would have arrived at the same conclusion in relation to the
issue of causation. By omitting to stop the “kolam”, both Lta Chong and SWO
Nazhan had substantially contributed to Cpl Kok’s eventual demise.

Was abetment by illegal omission established on the facts?

The law on abetment by illegal omission

73 There is no general duty in criminal law to prevent a crime, and criminal
liability is typically premised on some positive act rather than a failure to
act (see Yeo, Morgan & Chan at paras 3.8–3.9). However, under s 32 read with s
43 of the Penal Code, omissions can be treated as positive acts where they are
regarded as illegal. These include the following situations (see also Yeo,
Morgan & Chan at paras 3.9–3.17):

(a) Where the law renders the omission illegal. For example, under s 187 of
the Penal Code, where persons are bound by law to render assistance to public
servants in the execution of their duty but intentionally omit to do so;

(b) Where the law provides that the person is under a legal duty to act. For
example, under s 68 of the Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 2009 Rev Ed), where
parents are required to maintain and provide for their children;

(c) Where the omission would attract civil liability.

74 In Balakrishnan at [112]–[115], Yong CJ stated:

112 To prove abetment by illegal omission, it has to be shown that the accused
intentionally aided the commission of the offence by his non-interference, and
that the omission involved a breach of legal obligation: Ratanlal & Dhirajlal,
The Indian Penal Code (Wadhwa Nagpur, 29th Ed, 2002), citing Khadim Sheikh
(1869) 4 Beng LR (Acr J) 7.

113 Used in connection with the definition of abetment, the phrase “illegal
omission” refers to the intention of aiding the doing of the thing. It is
therefore not enough to establish that the accused took no steps to prevent
the commission of the offence if no guilty knowledge or conspiracy is proven.
In other words, WO Balakrishnan’s mere presence at or near the water tub
without awareness that an offence was being committed would not in itself
amount to abetment by aiding. Hence, the judge went on to find that by
omitting to stop the conduct of water treatment on Capt Ho and Sgt Hu, WO
Balakrishnan intended to aid the commission of the offences against them. WO
Balakrishnan contested this finding on appeal.

114 WO Balakrishnan was familiar with the “Do’s” and “Don’ts” in the CST
lesson plan and had even constructed a new board for display of the “Do’s” and
“Don’ts” list when the old one was torn. He testified that he thought the
procedure was safe as long as the instructors dunked each trainee up to three
times, for five to ten seconds each time …

115 The only reasonable inference that I could draw from WO Balakrishnan’s
failure to intervene was that he intended for the treatment to continue …

[emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added in bold italics]

75 In order to prove abetment by illegal omission, it has to be cumulatively
shown:

(a) that there was a legal obligation on the part of the accused person;

(b) that there was an omission which was in breach of the legal obligation;
and

(c) that there is either guilty knowledge or conspiracy on the part of the
accused person to allow the wrongful act(s) to occur.

Application to the facts

76 The SDJ had at [40] of the GD made reference to Balakrishnan at [64], for
the proposition that “the Prosecution must prove an intention on the part of
the abettor to aid in the offence, as well as a knowledge of the circumstances
constituting the offence”. The SDJ further went on to note the following facts
at [43] of the GD: the accused persons were not physically present at the pump
well, they did not witness the push by SSgt Fatwa, and they did not “have the
opportunity to intervene or to take any steps to prevent the primary offence
from being committed”. He found these facts to be crucial to the difficulty in
proving the charges as framed by the Prosecution.

77 Yong CJ’s holdings in [64] and [112] of his judgment in Balakrishnan appear
to bear some similarities, but closer examination will show that the
respective remarks were made in respect of different forms of abetment. The
remarks at [64] were made with reference to the acts of Capt Pandiaraj for
having abetted by instigation the actions which led to injury and death of the
victims. In contrast, the remarks at [112] were made with reference to the
acts of WO Balakrishnan for having abetted the relevant actions by illegal
omission which is the substance of the charges against the accused persons in
the present case. From the facts of Balakrishnan, there had demonstrably been
a palpable difference in the conduct of the two officers which justified this
differentiation in the forms of abetment. Capt Pandiaraj had taken an active
role in the acts which resulted in the victims’ injuries and death, by
instructing that the victims were to be dunked in water, while WO Balakrishnan
was imputed for his inaction in failing to stop the dangerous acts which led
to injury and death.

78 In my view, this palpable differentia in the actions of the offenders in
Balakrishnan led Yong CJ to state at [64] that the offender subject to a
charge of abetment by instigation had to have “knowledge of the circumstances
constituting the offence”. With respect, the SDJ had erred in apparently
having taken into account (at [43] of the GD) the fact that the accused
persons were not physically present at the pump well, that they did not
witness the push by SSgt Fatwa, and that they had no opportunity to intervene
or to take any steps to prevent the primary offence from being committed.
These considerations were irrelevant in relation to the present case, and they
were premised on a misapprehension of [64] of Balakrishnan. They would not
pose any difficulty in proving the charges as framed by the prosecution.

79 Applying the test for abetment by illegal omission as restated at [75]
above, it was not disputed by either accused person that they owed a duty of
care to Cpl Kok. The inescapable inference was that they had consciously
chosen not to stop the “kolam”, thus giving a clear sanction for the activity
to continue, with knowledge of the risks associated. Both accused persons knew
that the “kolam” was prohibited but they chose to ignore the risks. They
purportedly did not even know whether Cpl Kok could swim. It was entirely
foreseeable that in all likelihood Cpl Kok would have been thrown or pushed
into the pump well had he not voluntarily entered the well.

80 By asking the other servicemen not to film or post any videos on social
media and then remaining in the control room (in the case of Lta Chong) and
walking away (in the case of SWO Nazhan), the only reasonable inference to be
drawn from the accused persons’ failure to intervene was that they had
intended for the “kolam” to continue. There was thus an illegal omission in
breach of their legal duty to ensure Cpl Kok’s safety. The accused persons had
abetted the servicemen by intentionally aiding them to commit the offence of
grievous hurt to Cpl Kok through their illegal omissions to prevent them from
seeing the “kolam” through to its intended outcome.

SWO Nazhan’s absence from the scene

81 SWO Nazhan had also argued that he should not be held liable for any of the
events that transpired after he had left Cpl Kok at the pump well. He sought
to distinguish Balakrishnan at [110] where Yong CJ had cited the case of
Public Prosecutor v Gerardine Andrew [1998] 3 SLR(R) 421 (“Gerardine”) at [35]
for the proposition that “there is no requirement that an abettor must be
present at the immediate scene of the crime in order for there to be liability
for abetment”, on the ground that Gerardine had concerned a finding of common
intention under s 34 of the Penal Code, which was not a finding made in the
present case.

82 In my view, SWO Nazhan’s arguments did not take his case very far. They
appeared to have been premised on a basic misapprehension of both Gerardine
and Balakrishnan. In Gerardine at [35], Yong CJ in explaining the difference
between joint liability (which is criminalised under s 34 of the Penal Code)
and accessory liability (which is criminalised under s 107 of the Penal Code),
had stated that because of the closer association required under joint
liability, for an offender to be liable under s 34 of the Penal Code, the
offender had to be physically present when the crime took place. Yong CJ had
further stated, obiter, that there was “therefore no requirement that an
abettor must be present at the immediate scene of the crime in order for there
to be liability for abetment”. Accordingly, it was the latter obiter statement
in Gerardine that had been cited by Yong CJ in Balakrishnan at [110]. Contrary
to SWO Nazhan’s contentions, the reference to [35] of Gerardine was therefore
not made in connection with the question of common intention under s 34 of the
Penal Code.

83 For completeness, it should also be noted that the holding in Gerardine (at
[35]) that the offender had to be physically present at the place of the crime
for the purpose of proving common intention under s 34 was overruled by the
Court of Appeal in Lee Chez Kee v Public Prosecutor [2008] 3 SLR(R) 447 (“Lee
Chez Kee”), where VK Rajah JA had held at [147] that:

As has been noted, in this regard, the Malaysian position is much clearer
because the requirement of presence has not been imposed. In the Malaysian
Court of Appeal case of Sabarudin bin Non v Public Prosecutor [2005] 4 MLJ 37,
Gopal Sri Ram JCA said (at [31]):

In our judgment, presence in every case is not necessary for s 34 to apply. In
our judgment, s 34 should be interpreted having regard to modern technological
advances. The early decisions on the section, admittedly by the Privy Council,
that held presence to be essential for s 34 to bite were handed down at a time
when modes of communication were not as advanced as today. It would, in our
judgment, be a perversion of justice if we are required to cling on to an
interpretation of the section made at a time when science was at a very early
stage of development.

I respectfully accept the wisdom behind the pronouncement and hold that
presence at the scene of the criminal act, primary or collateral, need no
longer be rigidly insisted on for s 34 of the Penal Code to apply. I repeat
that the crux of the section is participation, and presence may or may not
provide evidence of participation; this is a question of fact to be decided in
each case.

[emphasis added]

84 In my view, the principle stated in Lee Chez Kee in the preceding paragraph
is equally applicable in the context of abetment under s 107(1)(c) of the
Penal Code. Adopting Rajah JA’s reasoning, the crux of the matter is whether
the criminal act was intentionally aided by the participation of the offender,
and presence at the scene of the criminal act is only one aspect of the
evidence that may go towards supporting such a finding. This is all the more
so in the modern context, where the ubiquity of mass communications devices
may allow the abetment of a criminal act through an act or illegal omission
notwithstanding the absence of the abettor at the scene of the crime.

SWO Nazhan’s “superior orders” defence

85 Next, I shall briefly address SWO Nazhan’s “superior orders” defence.
Essentially, SWO Nazhan claimed that having been an officer junior in rank to
Lta Chong, he was not in a position to countermand or override Lta Chong’s
(tacit) endorsement of the “kolam”. This argument was patently unmeritorious
and was also rightly rejected by the SDJ.

86 To begin with, there was no direct order from Lta Chong to countermand. SWO
Nazhan was the most senior officer on the ground after Cpl Kok was carried to
the pump well. He could have directed the servicemen to stop the “kolam”. It
would not be an act of insubordination to do so if wrong or unlawful orders
which may endanger a person had been given in the first place, whether
directly or otherwise. Instead, SWO Nazhan sealed the endorsement for the
“kolam” to continue. As noted above (at [49]), SSgt Fatwa’s unchallenged
evidence was that SWO Nazhan had “advised” Cpl Kok to jump nearer to the edge
of the pump well if he could not swim.

Were the actions of the accused persons rash or merely negligent?

87 Rashness connotes heedlessness or indifference towards risk, and there is
no reason why an omission to do something could not constitute rashness (see
Jali at [21]). The test for culpable rashness encompasses situations where
there is in fact subjective appreciation of risk by the accused and situations
of obvious risk where the accused ought as a reasonable person to have been
conscious of the risk (see Jali at [32]).

88 Lta Chong rationalised that he had personally experienced a “kolam” and did
not think it was dangerous. SWO Nazhan similarly reasoned that he himself had
emerged unscathed from a “kolam” even though he was a non-swimmer. These
attempts to justify their inaction were devoid of any merit. They were self-
serving and blinkered applications of the “Golden Rule” to do to others as you
would have them do to you. In their minds, what had been done to them could be
done to others as well as they had personally undergone the “kolam” without
incident, and thus it should not be considered risky or dangerous for anyone
else.

89 As I have explained above at [71], both accused persons had full knowledge
of the servicemen’s intent and the expected outcome. Their conscious and
deliberate inaction was a clear sanction for the servicemen to carry on with
the “kolam” activity. Having regard to their evidence, it was clear that there
was advertence to the obvious risks associated with the “kolam”. They chose to
ignore the risks or to trivialise the possible dangers. Their illegal
omissions would constitute rashness under s 338(a).

90 Consequently, the SDJ’s decision to amend the charges to s 336(b) was made
in error since all the ingredients of the s 338(a) offence had been satisfied.
Lta Chong and SWO Nazhan’s omissions to stop the “kolam” from being taken to
its expected conclusion (ie, getting Cpl Kok inside the pump well) amounted to
criminal rashness endangering human life.

Conclusion on appeals against acquittal and conviction

91 To recapitulate, it is well-established that an appellate court should be
slow to disturb a trial judge’s findings of fact where they are premised on
his assessment of the witnesses’ credibility and demeanour, unless the
findings are found to be plainly wrong or against the weight of the evidence
(see ADF at [16(a)]; Public Prosecutor v Mohammed Liton Mohammed Syeed Mallik
[2008] 1 SLR(R) 601 at [32]; Sandz Solutions Sandz Solutions (Singapore) Pte
Ltd and others v Strategic Worldwide Assets Ltd and others [2014] 3 SLR 562 at
[38]). The SDJ’s findings in the present case however did not turn on any
specific assessments of the witnesses’ candour or demeanour.

92 While having a limited role in assessing findings of fact, an appellate
court is nevertheless in as good a position as a trial court to determine the
appropriate factual inferences that ought to be drawn having regard to the
internal and external consistency of the evidence. This is particularly
important when the factual inferences are tested against material objective
evidence (see Yap Giau Beng Terence v Public Prosecutor [1998] 2 SLR(R) 855 at
[24];Tan Chin Seng and others v Raffles Town Club Pte Ltd [2003] 3 SLR(R) 307
at [54]; Jagatheesan s/o Krishnasamy v Public Prosecutor [2006] 4 SLR(R) 45 at
[37]–[38]; Ho Soo Fong and another v Standard Chartered Bank [2007] 2 SLR(R)
181 at [20]).

93 The extensive CCTV and mobile phone video footage in the present case,
while by no means exhaustive, did serve as crucial aids in the visualisation
and understanding of the factual context. They enabled the court to
objectively discern the nuanced details and comprehend the “big picture”.
While the SDJ chose to place more weight on the oral testimonies of several of
the servicemen who had suggested that they did not intend to compel Cpl Kok to
do anything against his will, careful scrutiny and proper appreciation of the
undisputed evidence along with the available video footage showed that what
the servicemen suggested was plainly contrary to the weight of the evidence.
It did not cohere with the context of what was taking place.

94 Having examined the totality of the evidence, with great respect, I was
drawn to conclude that the SDJ’s findings and inferences of fact were not
supported on the evidence. For the reasons stated above, the SDJ had erred in
finding that the Prosecution had failed to prove the s 338(a) charges against
the two accused persons. The charges had been proved beyond reasonable doubt.
Accordingly, the Prosecution’s appeals against the acquittals on the original
charges were allowed and SWO Nazhan’s appeal was dismissed. I convicted both
accused persons on the s 338(a) charges as originally framed. I turn next to
consider the appropriate sentences.

The appropriate sentence

Parties’ submissions on sentence

95 The Prosecution submitted for a sentence of 12 months’ imprisonment based
on the available sentencing precedents. General deterrence was the predominant
sentencing principle. The Prosecution also highlighted the facts that both
accused persons had demonstrated a high degree of rashness in omitting to
intervene in the “kolam”, that the series of events had taken place over a
sustained period, and that both accused persons had breached the authority and
the trust reposed in them. In addition, the Prosecution submitted that the
sentence of 12 months’ imprisonment was justified, having regard to the parity
principle, as the other offenders involved were sentenced to similar
sentences. In the case of SSgt Fatwa, he was sentenced to 12 months and four
weeks’ imprisonment after pleading guilty to a charge under s 304A(a) of the
Penal Code, in addition to a charge under s 204A read with s 109 of the Penal
Code. In the case of WO Farid, he was sentenced to 13 months’ imprisonment
after claiming trial to a charge under s 304A(a) read with s 109 of the Penal
Code.

96 The Prosecution also submitted that there were no significant mitigating
factors, that the fact that Lta Chong pleaded guilty to the amended charge
under s 336(b) was of limited value, and that SWO Nazhan should not be
entitled to a sentencing discount on the ground that he was an officer junior
in rank to Lta Chong.

97 Lta Chong submitted in mitigation that an appropriate sentence would be ten
weeks’ imprisonment in view of his good character and lack of antecedents, and
that Balakrishnan should be distinguished as it concerned far more serious
circumstances. Lta Chong further submitted that as he had already served a
term of ten weeks’ imprisonment, this could offset the sentence to be imposed
either wholly or at least in part.

98 SWO Nazhan submitted that the court should consider his rank relative to
Lta Chong in sentencing, in addition to his good character and lack of
antecdents. Additionally, SWO Nazhan submitted that his culpability could not
be equated to either Capt Pandiaraj’s or WO Balakrishnan’s culpability in
Balakrishnan, and that he should be sentenced to either a $6,000 fine or a
sentence of a few weeks’ jail.

Degree of rashness

99 No two cases are identical and comparisons across precedents may not always
be helpful. The factual circumstances in Balakrishnan bore the closest
analogies to the present case, as that case also involved the dereliction of
duty by a superior officer who was entrusted with the safety of a serviceman,
whose death was caused by the direct actions of another person.

100 However, there are also some pertinent differences between the facts in
Balakrishnan and those in the present case. First, the offences in
Balakrishnan took place during a training exercise, which the accused persons
were supervising. In contrast, the events in the present case took place in an
“off-duty” setting. Second, the deceased in Balakrishnan had voluntarily
placed himself in the situation even though he had not consented to the
criminal offences being committed, while Cpl Kok did not willingly enter into
the situation wherein the criminal offences occurred. Third, since
Balakrishnan, pursuant to amendments to the Penal Code in 2008, s 338 of the
Penal Code has been bifurcated into two limbs to differentiate between
rashness and negligence, with the “rash” limb being punishable with a maximum
term of imprisonment of four years compared to two years at the time of
Balakrishnan.

101 In evaluating the offence-specific considerations, I was mindful that the
court should avoid “double counting” aggravating elements which are already
essential and inherent elements of the s 338(a) charge. Advertence to the risk
is a necessary element of the mens rea for the offence, and I had found that
there was actual advertence to the obvious risks in the present case.

102 The main assessment at the outset is in relation to the degree of
rashness. This is the primary measure of the accused persons’ culpability and
blameworthiness. There was serious disregard for the risks and danger involved
in the present case. In addition, the accused persons had breached their
duties as NS commanders to enforce the prohibition against ragging and to
ensure the safety and well-being of men under their charge. They could have
ordered a halt to the “kolam” at various points, but they chose not to do so.
There was clearly a breach of the trust reposed in them as commanders, which
is the necessary corollary of their breach of duty.

103 The aggravating factors demonstrably showed at least moderate if not
higher culpability. The eventual harm caused to Cpl Kok was not unforeseeable,
though certainly unexpected by all the witnesses’ accounts. Regrettably, the
harm that resulted was the most serious imaginable consequence: death.

104 I found that there were no relevant mitigating factors. The accused
persons’ past contributions to public service, good character and good service
record were not weighty given the context of the offending, where the offences
reflected a serious dereliction of their duties. They are unlikely to
reoffend, but general deterrence outweighed specific deterrence considerations
in the present case.

Relative culpability of the offenders

105 Finally, I considered the appropriate calibration of the sentences. It was
necessary at this juncture to have regard to SSgt Fatwa and WO Farid’s
sentences. In my view, there was no strict requirement to observe sentencing
parity with their sentences given that the relative culpabilities and charges
were different from those in the present case. SSgt Fatwa faced a s 304A
charge and he was sentenced to 12 months’ imprisonment. This might appear
light but it should be noted that he had pleaded guilty at an early stage. If
he had been convicted after trial, a substantially higher sentence would have
been justifiable. WO Farid’s sentence of 13 months’ imprisonment perhaps also
leaned towards leniency given that he had been convicted after trial.

106 In my view, Lta Chong and SWO Nazhan were not distinctly more culpable
than SSgt Fatwa and WO Farid. They had sanctioned the continuance of ragging
in the form of the “kolam” activity through their inaction, but this was
ultimately still a step removed from actively encouraging ragging and making
sure that the “kolam” happened, as SSgt Fatwa and WO Farid did. If the accused
persons had played an active role in instigating and directing the ragging, I
would have had little hesitation in finding them to be more culpable. The
sentences were thus calibrated below SSgt Fatwa and WO Farid’s sentences,
notwithstanding that the sentences in SSgt Fatwa and WO Farid’s cases may have
been somewhat lenient.

107 However, I did not agree with the Prosecution that Lta Chong and SWO
Nazhan should be deemed to be equally culpable. In Balakrishnan at [138], Yong
CJ made the following observation:

The principle of sentencing parity provides that where the roles and
circumstances of the accused persons are the same, they should be given the
same sentence unless there is a relevant difference in their responsibility
for the offence or their personal circumstances: PP v Ramlee [1998] 3 SLR(R)
95; PP v Norhisham bin Mohamad Dahlan [2004] 1 SLR(R) 48. The judge held that
Capt Pandiaraj did not bear the same degree of culpability or play the same
role as Lta Jeff Ng and Lta Diva. I did not concur. Although Capt Pandiaraj
did not physically carry out the act of dunking on the victims, he gave Lta
Jeff Ng and Lta Diva instructions for dunking, witnessed their manhandling of
the trainees and did nothing to stop them. This was an egregious abuse of his
power as their superior officer, and I was of the view that he was more
morally culpable than Lta Jeff Ng and Lta Diva.

[emphasis added]

108 In my view, there was a relevant though not a very significant difference
in the respective responsibilities of Lta Chong and SWO Nazhan. Lta Chong was,
at all times, the superior officer of SWO Nazhan, as well as the most senior
commanding officer on site. Consequently, there ought to be a palpable
difference in the sentences of the two accused persons.

Should time served be taken into consideration?

109 In Public Prosecutor v Kwong Kok Hing [2008] 2 SLR(R) 684 (“Kwong Kok
Hing”) at [46], the Court of Appeal had enhanced the sentence of the offender
from one year to three years’ imprisonment, and in so doing had held that
“some discount to the final sentencing question” was required as the offender
had already finished serving his prison term by the time the appeal was
decided. Similarly in Public Prosecutor v Rosman bin Anwar and another appeal
[2015] 5 SLR 937 (“Rosman”) at [57], the High Court had agreed with Kwong Kok
Hing that as the offender would have to “now undergo a further prison sentence
all over again for the same offence”, a downward calibration in the sentence
was called for.

110 In Public Prosecutor v Adith s/o Sarvotham [2014] 3 SLR 649 (“Adith”), the
offender was sentenced to probation. On the Prosecution’s appeal against the
sentence, Menon CJ had held that a sentence of reformative training was more
appropriate, but ultimately dismissed the appeal as the offender had already
completed his sentence by the time of the appeal. However, Menon CJ stated,
obiter, that where the Prosecution is appealing a sentence that entails some
loss of liberty, a stay of execution may be appropriate so as not to curtail
or affect the appellate court’s discretion (see Adith at [25]–[30]).

111 Having considered the various authorities above, it is clear that in
general, where the accused person has completed serving his sentence, the
appellate courts have generally exercised restraint in enhancing the
imprisonment sentence (see Kow Keng Siong, Sentencing Principles in Singapore
(Academy Publishing, 2nd Ed, 2019) at para 35.074). However, whether or not a
“discount” in sentencing should be given for time already served is ultimately
a matter of discretion, and much would depend on the facts of the case.

112 In the present case, Lta Chong had already served ten weeks’ imprisonment
by the time the appeal was heard, after pleading guilty to the reduced charge
in the proceedings below. That may reflect, at best, a very limited measure of
remorse and acceptance of responsibility on his part. However, he was
sentenced on the basis of a lesser offence, and on appeal had been convicted
on the original s 338(a) charge, which he had originally claimed trial to.

113 While it is undesirable for an offender to be made to serve two separate
imprisonment terms in relation to the same offence, Lta Chong had elected to
serve his ten-week sentence immediately in spite of the Prosecution seeking a
stay pending appeal. He made the decision to do so while fully conscious that
he could have readily avoided the present situation of having to serve a
further imprisonment term. I saw no principled basis to consider any
sentencing discount on account of him having already served ten weeks’
imprisonment. To his credit, in keeping with his undertaking in the
proceedings below, he did not ask for any such consideration to be given to
him.

Conclusion on sentence

114 From their mitigation pleas setting out their contributions to the SCDF
and their character references, I had no doubt that Lta Chong and SWO Nazhan
are good men. But when good men in their position as commanders do nothing,
resulting in a serviceman dying after being ragged in what the Prosecution
characterised as a “pointless prank” which went horribly wrong, this was a
real tragedy which could easily have been averted but for their inaction.

115 I found it extremely disquieting that there may be NS commanders who
appear to condone ragging as mere harmless horseplay since “boys will be boys”
and will have their high-spirited moments of jocularity. The sentences I
imposed were substantial as they aimed to drive home a clear message: that
there is no place for ragging in NS, or in any other situational context, for
that matter. Prohibitions against ragging must be enforced, and NS commanders
must take their responsibilities to stamp out ragging seriously. Most
importantly, NS commanders must discharge their duties to ensure the safety of
their servicemen vigorously and with full commitment.

116 It was beyond dispute that the accused persons owed a duty of care to Cpl
Kok. They failed to keep him safe from ragging. They had full knowledge of the
servicemen’s intent and the expected outcome of the “kolam” activity. Their
deliberate omission to enforce the prohibition against ragging was a clear
sanction for the servicemen to carry on with the “kolam”. They were clearly
advertent to the obvious risks and dangers which they chose to ignore or to
trivialise.

117 The accused persons failed abjectly in their duties by intentionally and
illegally omitting to stop the “kolam”. If only they had acted as they ought
to have, a young man’s life might not have been lost. Their punishments
therefore had to be sufficiently deterrent to adequately reflect the full
gravity of their offences. Accordingly, I enhanced the sentences for Lta Chong
and SWO Nazhan to 11 months and ten months’ imprisonment respectively. As Lta
Chong had already served ten weeks’ imprisonment, he was sentenced to an
additional eight months and two weeks’ imprisonment.

See Kee Oon  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Kumaresan Gohulabalan and Sheryl Yeo (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the
appellant in MA 9754/2020 and MA 9755/2020, and for the respondent in MA
9818/2020;

Wee Pan Lee and Low Chang Yong (Wee, Tay & Lim LLP) for the respondent in MA
9754/2020;

Singa Retnam and Ashwin Ganapathy (M/s IRB Law LLP), Josephine Iezu Costan
(David Nayar and Associates) for the respondent in MA 9755/2020 and for the
appellant in MA 9818/2020.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 23 Jul 2021 (19:03 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

