Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the court of appeal of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGCA 85

Civil Appeal No 1 of 2021 (Summons No 61 of 2021)

Between

(1)| Golden Hill Capital Pte Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| Phua Yong Pin  
(3)| Phua Yong Tat  
  
… Applicants

And

(1)| Yihua Lifestyle Technology Co, Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| Ideal Homes International Limited  
  
… Respondents

In the matter of Originating Summons 425 of 2020 (Summons No 3963 of 2020)

Between

(1)| Yihua Lifestyle Technology Co, Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| Ideal Homes International Limited  
  
… Applicants

And

HTL International Holdings Pte Ltd

… Respondent

grounds of decision

[Civil Procedure] — [Appeals]

[Civil Procedure] — [Rules of court] — [Non-compliance]

[Civil Procedure] — [Service]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Golden Hill Capital Pte Ltd and others

  
v

  

Yihua Lifestyle Technology Co, Ltd and another

[2021] SGCA 85

Court of Appeal — Civil Appeal No 1 of 2021 (Summons No 61 of 2021)  
Judith Prakash JCA and Steven Chong JCA  
22 July 2021

30 August 2021

Steven Chong JCA (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

Introduction

1 This application arose out of CA/CA 1/2021 (“CA 1”), which is an appeal by
the shareholders (“Shareholders”) of HTL International Holdings Pte Ltd (“the
Company”) against the decision of the High Court Judge (“Judge”) in HC/SUM
3963/2020 (“SUM 3963”).

2 In SUM 3963, the Shareholders applied under s 227R of the Companies Act (Cap
50, 2006 Rev Ed) (“CA”) (now s 115 of the Insolvency, Restructuring and
Dissolution Act 2018 (Act 40 of 2018)) for the court to declare null and void
the sale of the Company’s interests in its subsidiaries to Golden Hill Capital
Pte Ltd (“Golden Hill Capital”). The named parties to SUM 3963 were the
Shareholders and the judicial managers (“JMs”) of the Company. Golden Hill
Capital and its beneficial owners (collectively, “the Phua Group”) were also
allowed to participate in the proceedings, albeit in their capacity as non-
parties.

3 The Judge dismissed SUM 3963 and awarded costs in favour of the JMs and the
Phua Group. Dissatisfied, the Shareholders filed CA 1 appealing against the
Judge’s decision but omitted to serve the notice of appeal (“NOA”) on the Phua
Group. The Phua Group thus brought the present application seeking the
following:

(a) that the NOA be struck out on the basis that it was not served on the Phua
Group;

(b) alternatively, that the Shareholders be barred from seeking orders in CA 1
which directly affect the Phua Group;

(c) in the further alternative, that the documents filed in CA 1 be served on
the Phua Group, and that the Phua Group file a Respondent’s Case and be
allowed to participate in CA 1 as respondents to the proceedings.

4 This application raised several novel issues pertaining to the service of
the NOA on a non-party. In particular, is it mandatory for an appellant to
serve the NOA on a non-party who had participated in the proceedings below? If
not, can the court nevertheless direct, in the exercise of its discretion,
that the NOA (and other appeal papers) be served on that non-party?

5 On 22 July 2021, we allowed the Phua Group’s application to the extent of
their participation in CA 1 as respondents to the proceedings. We set out the
detailed grounds for our decision below.

Facts

Background facts

6 The Company is the holding company of a group of companies involved in the
furniture business (collectively, “the HTL Group”). The original founders and
owners of the HTL Group were Mr Phua Yong Tat and Mr Phua Yong Pin (“the Phua
Brothers”), who are the beneficial owners of Golden Hill Capital. In 2016, the
Company was fully acquired by the Shareholders. Despite the acquisition, the
Phua Brothers retained management of the Company and the HTL Group.

7 Subsequently, the Company ran into financial difficulties. On 5 May 2020,
the Phua Brothers, through the Company, obtained an order for the interim
judicial management of the Company. After the interim judicial management
order was made, the Company’s interim judicial managers, on behalf of the
Company, entered into a share purchase agreement (“SPA”) with Golden Hill
Capital on 28 May 2020, under which Golden Hill Capital was to purchase the
Company’s interests in its subsidiaries (“the Asset”) for US$80m. On 13 July
2020, the Company was placed under judicial management.

8 On 19 August 2020, another entity, namely Man Wah Holdings (“Man Wah”), made
an offer to purchase the Asset. The JMs invited both Golden Hill Capital and
Man Wah to provide “anything further” they wished to communicate in relation
to their respective offers by 26 August 2020. Upon Man Wah’s request, the JMs
extended this deadline to 31 August 2020. On that date, Golden Hill Capital
submitted a revised offer of US$100m. Man Wah also submitted an offer of
US$100m, with an additional promise to pay US$10m above any offer made by the
Phua Group. The JMs subsequently sold the Asset to Golden Hill Capital for
US$100m on 7 September 2020.

9 On 8 September 2020, Man Wah conveyed a further improved offer for the
Asset, which was again rejected by the JMs. As Man Wah was the Shareholders’
preferred buyer, the Shareholders commenced SUM 3963 on 18 September 2020
seeking the following relief pursuant to s 227R of the CA:

(a) an order to declare the Company’s sale of the Asset to Golden Hill Capital
null and void;

(b) an order to direct the JMs to accept Man Wah’s offer dated 31 August 2020
or 8 September 2020; and

(c) an order to restrain the JMs from proceeding with any resolution and/or
taking steps to wind up the Company.

Proceedings and decision in SUM 3963

10 On 18 September 2020, a Pre-Trial Conference (“PTC”) for SUM 3963 was held
before the Assistant Registrar Karen Tan (“AR Tan”). Counsel for the Phua
Group appeared together with counsel for the Shareholders, the JMs and Man
Wah. During the PTC, counsel for the Phua Group informed AR Tan that the Phua
Group wished to file a reply affidavit in response to the Shareholders’
affidavit. The Shareholders objected to the Phua Group participating in SUM
3963 but AR Tan disagreed and explicitly directed the JMs and the Phua Group
to file reply affidavits and submissions in respect of SUM 3963. The
Shareholders did not appeal against these orders.

11 Subsequently, the matter was heard before the Judge on 9 November 2020.
During the hearing, counsel for the Phua Group made submissions on the Phua
Group’s behalf and, consistent with AR Tan’s directions, the Judge allowed the
Phua Group, the JMs and the Shareholders to participate and be heard. During
the hearing itself, no objections were taken as regards the Phua Group’s
participation in the matter.

12 On 24 November 2020, the Judge dismissed the Shareholders’ application. On
15 April 2021, the Judge delivered his detailed grounds of decision in Re HTL
International Holdings Pte Ltd [2021] SGHC 86 (“GD”). For present purposes, we
summarise only the aspects of the Judge’s decision which are material to the
present application:

(a) The court would not interfere with the JMs’ decision under s 227R of the
CA unless it could be shown that the JMs’ conduct had been plainly wrongful,
conspicuously unfair, or perverse (GD at [43]).

(b) The JMs’ assessment that Golden Hill Capital’s offer promised superior
shareholder returns was justified on the evidence before the court (at [63]).

(c) The exigencies of the situation facing the Company were such that the JMs
had to make a decision that would resolve the Company’s problems sooner rather
than later (at [67]). On the facts, Man Wah’s offer would take a longer time
to resolve the Company’s problems than Golden Hill Capital’s offer (at [74]).

(d) There was fair consideration by the JMs of the various alternative offers.
The JMs provided equal opportunities to Man Wah and Golden Hill Capital to put
in “anything further” in respect of their original offers by 26 August 2020.
Even when the Phua Group had emphasised the urgent need to complete the SPA,
the JMs had agreed to Man Wah’s request to extend the deadline to put in
further matters to 31 August 2020 (at [75] and [77]).

(e) The Shareholders had not established that the JMs had caused them any
prejudice, much less unfair prejudice. The JMs could not be faulted for any
plainly wrongful, conspicuously unfair or perverse conduct (at [83]).

13 The Judge also ordered the Shareholders to pay S$18,000 in costs to the
Phua Group (“Phua Group Costs Order”) after hearing the parties on costs (GD
at [84]).

Events leading up to present application

14 On 5 January 2021, the Shareholders filed the NOA against the “whole of the
[Judge’s decision on 24 November 2020] dismissing the [Shareholders’]
application vide HC/SUM 3963/2020 and against the cost orders made in relation
thereto on 22 December 2020” [emphasis added]. The NOA was served on the JMs
but not on the Phua Group. The Phua Group only came to know that the NOA had
been filed when the JM’s solicitors wrote to the Phua Group’s solicitors on
the same day (ie, 5 January 2021) informing them that the NOA had been filed
and that “the outcome of the appeal [might] potentially affect [the Phua
Group’s] rights under the [SPA]”.

15 On 28 May 2021, the Shareholders filed the Appellant’s Case, the Form of
the Core Bundle, the Appeals Information Sheet, and the Form of the Record of
Appeal in CA 1. Again, none of these documents were served on or otherwise
provided to the Phua Group by the Shareholders. The Phua Group only came to
know of the existence of these documents when the JMs’ solicitors sent them to
the Phua Group’s solicitors later that same day.

16 On 1 June 2021, the Phua Group’s solicitors wrote to the JMs’ and
Shareholders’ solicitors seeking their confirmation that the Phua Group was
entitled to file a Respondent’s Case in CA 1. On the same day, the JMs’
solicitors confirmed that the JMs had no objections to the Phua Group filing a
Respondent’s Case. On 3 June 2021, the Shareholders’ solicitors replied to
object to the Phua Group’s participation on the basis that there was “no
necessity and basis” for it to do so.

17 Following this, the Phua Group requested that a Case Management Conference
(“CMC”) be held for the parties to obtain directions on the Phua Group’s
entitlement to participate in CA 1. During the CMC, which was held before AR
Gan Kam Yuin (“AR Gan”) on 10 June 2021, the Shareholders reiterated their
objection to the Phua Group’s participation in the appeal. AR Gan considered
that it was for this Court to give the directions sought by the Phua Group.
Consequently, AR Gan gave timelines for the Phua Group to file the present
application, in the event that the Shareholders continued to object to its
participation in the appeal. To avoid holding up the timelines, AR Gan also
directed the Phua Group to serve its Respondent’s Case on the Shareholders and
the JMs (without filing the Case on eLitigation) by 30 June 2021.

18 As the Shareholders continued to object to the Phua Group’s participation
in CA 1, the present application was filed on 18 June 2021.

The parties’ cases

The Phua Group’s arguments

19 The Phua Group relied primarily on O 57 r 3(6) of the Rules of Court (2014
Rev Ed) (“ROC”) which, according to the Phua Group, stands for the proposition
that a NOA must be served on any person whose status and legal rights would be
“directly affected” by the orders in the appeal. The Phua Group asserted that
CA 1 directly affects the Phua Group’s legal rights in so far as the
Shareholders seek, through the appeal, (a) a reversal of the costs orders made
by the Judge, including the Phua Group Costs Order; and (b) a declaration that
the sale of the Asset is null and void, which would affect, inter alia, the
Phua Group’s ownership of the Asset, the consideration which the Phua Group
has given in exchange for the Asset, and the pledge of the shares in the
Company’s subsidiaries which the Phua Group executed in order to obtain
financing. Consequently, the NOA ought to be struck out for procedural
irregularity.

20 In the alternative, the Phua Group submitted that the Shareholders should
not be allowed to pursue reliefs in the appeal which would directly affect the
Phua Group. In the further alternative, the Phua Group argued that it should
be allowed to participate in the appeal pursuant to O 57 r 10(1)–(2) of the
ROC as (a) the appeal would directly impact the Phua Group’s rights and
interests, (b) the Phua Group was uniquely positioned to assist the court on
certain matters; and (c) any prejudice which the parties might face as a
result of the Phua Group’s participation could easily be remedied by costs.

The Shareholders’ arguments

21 For their part, the Shareholders contended that the issues that arise in CA
1 are (a) whether the JMs were justified in their assessment that Golden Hill
Capital’s offer was “at least comparable or equal” to Man Wah’s offer in terms
of shareholder returns; (b) whether the JMs had incorrectly determined that
Man Wah had agreed to waive certain inter-company debts; and (c) whether the
JMs had, by refusing to accede to Man Wah’s requests for certain financial
accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries, adversely affected Man Wah’s
ability to put its best offer on the table. These issues had “nothing to do”
with the Phua Group and the Phua Group’s participation in the appeal would
thus be “superfluous”.

22 Furthermore, since the Phua Group had not been a respondent in SUM 3963, it
followed, procedurally, that the Phua Group could not be a respondent in CA 1.
The Phua Group’s participation in SUM 3963 had been allowed pursuant to the
exercise of a discretion by AR Tan and not pursuant to any legal rule.

23 Finally, while the Shareholders were seeking to appeal against the Phua
Group Costs Order, this did not mean that the Phua Group was considered a
respondent in CA 1, and therefore able to submit on the other aspects of the
appeal.

Issues to be determined

24 The issues before this Court were as follows:

(a) Whether the Phua Group should have been served with the NOA pursuant to O
57 r 3(6) of the ROC?

(b) If the answer to (a) was “no”, could and should this Court nevertheless
make an order under O 57 r 10(1)–(2) of the ROC for the Phua Group to be
served with the NOA and other appeal papers, so that it may participate in the
proceedings in CA 1?

25 We examine these questions in turn.

Whether the Phua Group should have been served with the NOA pursuant to O 57 r
3(6) ROC

26 Order 57 r 3(6) of the ROC provides:

(6) The notice of appeal must be served on all parties to the proceedings in
the Court below who are directly affected by the appeal or their solicitors
respectively at the time of filing the notice of appeal; and, subject to Rule
10, it shall not be necessary to serve the notice on parties not so affected.
[emphasis added]

27 Parliamentary debates and other legislative materials do not shed light on
the history behind O 57 r 3(6) of the ROC. However, the provision is in pari
materia with O 59 r 3(5) of the Rules of the Supreme Court 1965 (UK) (“RSC
1965”) (formerly O 58 r 2 of the Rules of the Supreme Court 1883 (UK) (“RSC
1883”)), and is likely to have been adopted therefrom.

28 Notably, O 57 r 3(6) does not merely impose an obligation on the appellant
to serve the NOA on “parties to the proceedings in the Court below who are
directly affected by the appeal”. It concomitantly emphasises that “it shall
not be necessary”, unless ordered by the Court of Appeal under O 57 r 10 of
the ROC, for the appellant to serve the NOA on any other party: see The Annual
Practice 1967 (Sweet & Maxwell, Steven & Sons, Butterworth & Co, 1967) at para
59/3/8; Singapore Civil Procedure 2020 vol 1 (Chua Lee Ming gen ed) (Sweet &
Maxwell, 2019) (“Singapore Civil Procedure 2020”) at para 57/3/13.

29 Therefore, the primary issue in so far as O 57 r 3(6) was concerned was
whether the Phua Group constituted “parties to the proceedings in the Court
below who [were] directly affected by the appeal”. In answering this question,
we found it helpful to refer to existing authorities on the interpretation and
application of O 57 r 3(6) of the ROC, which we briefly summarise below.

Existing authorities

Local authorities

30 The only local case to have dealt with the interpretation of O 57 r 3(6) of
the ROC in any meaningful manner is the High Court decision of Goh Gin Chye
and another v Peck Teck Kian Realty Pte Ltd [1981–1982] SLR(R) 169 (“Goh Gin
Chye (HC)”). In that case, the plaintiff, being the owner of some premises,
sued the three defendants for possession of the premises on the basis that the
first and second defendants had sublet the premises to the third defendant in
breach of the Control of Rent Act (Cap 266, 1970 Rev Ed). The District Court
allowed the claim against the first and second defendants, but dismissed the
claim against the third defendant on the basis that he was a subtenant and
therefore entitled to protection against recovery. The first and second
defendants appealed to the High Court but failed to serve the NOA on the third
defendant. Lai Kew Chai J held that the first and second defendants’ failure
to cite the third defendant as a party in the appeal was “a very serious
omission” as “[the third defendant’s] status and legal rights [would] be
directly affected by any substantive decision in this appeal” (at [7] and [9])
[emphasis added]. Lai J considered that the first and second defendants should
start the appeal de novo and thus dismissed the appeal without consideration
of its substantive merits.

31 On appeal, this Court accepted that the third defendant ought to have been
made a party to the proceedings, but held that Lai J had erred in dismissing
the appeal outright instead of adjourning the matter for an application to be
made to join the third defendant as a respondent: see Goh Gin Chye and another
v Peck Teck Kian Realty Pte Ltd [1981–1982] SLR(R) 482 (“Goh Gin Chye (CA)”).
Consequently, the matter was remitted to the High Court to complete the
hearing of the District Court appeal. This Court did not comment on the
correctness of Lai J’s interpretation of O 57 r 3(6) of the ROC.

32 It is noted that, unlike the present case, the examination of the issue as
to whether the third defendant was “directly affected by the appeal” in Goh
Gin Chye (HC) was made in the context of a party who had already been made a
party to the proceedings below.

UK authorities

33 The UK authorities, though not cited by either party, offer valuable
guidance on the proper interpretation of O 57 r 3(6) of the ROC. In In re
Salmon; Priest v Uppleby (1889) 42 Ch. D. 351 (“Salmon”) (cited in Singapore
Civil Procedure 2020 at para 57/3/13), the plaintiff sued the defendant for
breach of trust. At first instance, the defendant successfully applied under
the UK equivalent of O 16 of the ROC for third parties to be joined to the
proceedings, on the basis that they had undertaken to indemnify him for all
costs which he might incur on account of any proceedings relating to the
trust. The English High Court found that the defendant had not acted in breach
of trust and dismissed the plaintiff’s claim. On appeal, the defendant took
the preliminary objection that the plaintiff had not served the NOA on the
third parties to the proceedings below.

34 The majority of the English Court of Appeal (“ECA”) held, referencing O 58
r 2 of the RSC 1883, that the NOA did not have to be served on the third
parties as they could not be said to be “directly affected” by the appeal. Of
particular note are the following remarks by Fry LJ (at 363):

Two questions arise in this action: first, whether the Defendant is liable to
the Plaintiff; secondly, if so, whether the third parties are liable to
indemnify the Defendant. The first question affects the third parties, only
through the intervention of the right of indemnity. Therefore, I think, the
third parties are only indirectly affected by the appeal by reason of the
Defendant’s rights against them. The language of rule 2 is emphatic: it not
only says that the notice of appeal is to be served on all parties directly
affected, but it adds that it shall not be necessary to serve parties not so
affected. [emphasis added]

35 Again, it is noteworthy that Fry LJ’s remarks were made in the context of
third parties who, unlike the Phua Group, had already been joined to the
proceedings below.

36 Salmon was subsequently endorsed by the House of Lords in Regina v Rent
Officer Service and another, ex parte Muldoon [1996] 1 WLR 1103 (“Rent Officer
Service”). In that case, the issue before the court was whether the Secretary
of State ought to have been served with a summons pursuant to O 53 r 5(3) of
the RSC 1965, which provided that a notice of motion or summons for judicial
review had to be served on “all persons directly affected” by the decision.
The House of Lords considered that the principles expounded by Fry J in Salmon
(albeit in the context of the service of a NOA) were equally applicable to the
facts of the case before it. Lord Keith, with whom the other Lords agreed,
elaborated on the meaning of the phrase “directly affected” as follows (at
1105):

That a person is directly affected by something connotes that he is affected
without the intervention of any intermediate agency. In the present case if
the applications for judicial review are successful the Secretary of State
will not have to pay housing benefit to the applicants… The Secretary of State
would certainly be affected by the decision, and it may be said that he would
inevitably or necessarily be affected. But he would, in my opinion, only be
indirectly affected, by reason of his collateral obligation to pay subsidy to
the local authority. [emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

Malaysian authorities

37 The Phua Group also cited a Malaysian case, Re Sateras Resources (M) Bhd
[2006] 3 MLJ 140 (“Re Sateras”). In that case, the appellant company had
sought the Malaysian High Court’s approval for a scheme of arrangement. Midway
through the High Court proceedings, the High Court directed that 10 of the
company’s creditors (collectively, “the interveners”) be made parties to the
company’s petition. The company’s petition was eventually dismissed with costs
and it filed an appeal against the High Court decision without serving the NOA
on the interveners. The Malaysian Court of Appeal held at [18], citing Goh Gin
Chye (HC), that the company’s omission to serve the interveners with the NOA
amounted to a procedural irregularity because:

… [i]n the present appeal before us by Sateras, by not citing the applicant as
a respondent, being one of the interveners in the court below, and necessarily
a party in the proceeding, his status and legal rights would be directly
affected by any substantive decision in the appeal, if we were to go on
hearing the appeal on merits… Also, the applicant in the course of the
proceedings in the court below had incurred costs in opposing the petition. By
not having been cited as a respondent in this appeal, it would be facing a
problem when it comes to the question of its costs against the appellant.
[emphasis added]

As with the UK authorities already cited, Sateras was also concerned with a
situation where the interveners were already parties to the proceedings below
and the only issue in dispute pertained to the other limb of the rule, ie,
whether the interveners were “directly affected by the appeal”.

Analysis

38 In our view, it is apparent, both from a plain reading of O 57 r 3(6) and
from our examination of the abovementioned authorities, that the provision is
intended to limit the necessity for service of the NOA on those who are
“parties to the proceedings in the Court below”, and whose rights are
“directly affected by the appeal”. These are two separate albeit conjunctive
requirements and should not be conflated. We elaborate further on these
requirements below.

“Parties to the proceedings in the Court below”

39 First, O 57 r 3(6) provides that the NOA need only be served on persons who
were already parties to the proceedings below. It is not intended to require
service of the NOA on persons who are affected by the appeal, notwithstanding
their status as non-parties to the proceedings.

40 In this context, the term “non-parties” encompasses all persons who were
not named as parties to the proceedings below, regardless of whether they were
permitted to participate in those proceedings. It is not uncommon for courts
to allow persons to file affidavits, make submissions or even bring
applications in proceedings to which they are not party: see for example Oro
Negro Drilling Pte Ltd and others v Integradora de Servicios Petroleros Oro
Negro SAPI de CV and others and another appeal (Jesus Angel Guerra Mendez,
non-party) [2020] 1 SLR 226; and Beluga Chartering GmbH (in liquidation) and
others v Beluga Projects (Singapore) Pte Ltd (in liquidation) and another
(deugro (Singapore) Pte Ltd, non-party) [2014] 2 SLR 815. However, such non-
parties do not acquire the legal status of “parties” by virtue of their
participation per se. If they wish to become parties, they must undertake the
necessary procedures and satisfy the requisite legal conditions to join
themselves to the proceedings in question. In the context of civil
proceedings, this would ordinarily require an application under O 15 r 6 of
the ROC, which empowers the court to, “on such terms as it thinks just and
either of its own motion or on application”, order a party to be added to the
proceedings provided that either of the limbs under O 15 r 6(2)(b) of the ROC
is made out.

41 The distinction between a party and a non-party is not purely a matter of
form, as parties and non-parties are subject to different procedural and
substantive rules. For instance, O 57 r 18 of the ROC sets out the
consequences of an appellant’s or respondent’s non-appearance at the appeal.
In contrast, the consequences of a non-party’s non-appearance are not
statutorily provided for. Another example pertains to the principles governing
the determination of costs. Two factors must ordinarily be present before the
court decides to award costs against a non-party: first, there must be a close
connection between the non-party and the proceedings; and second, the non-
party must have caused the incurring of costs (DB Trustees (Hong Kong) Ltd v
Consult Asia Pte Ltd and another appeal [2010] 3 SLR 542 at [36]). These
factors would, for obvious reasons, carry less or no weight when a court is
deciding whether to order costs against a party to the proceedings.

42 In the present case, it is common ground that the Phua Group had not been
named as parties to SUM 3963. As the Shareholders correctly pointed out, the
Phua Group’s participation in SUM 3963 had been allowed via a decision made by
AR Tan in her discretion, and not pursuant to any order for joinder under O 15
r 6 of the ROC. It followed, based on our reasoning at [40] above, that the
Phua Group could not be regarded as “parties to the proceedings in the court
below”.

43 Recognising this difficulty, the Phua Group asserted that its status as a
“non-party” was irrelevant since the Shareholders were themselves non-parties
to HC/OS 425/2020 (“OS 425”), being the main action from which SUM 3963 arose.
As OS 425 was the Company’s application for judicial management, the only
named party to OS 425 was the Company itself. With respect, however, this
argument was without merit as the Shareholders had initiated SUM 3963, being
the relevant “proceeding” from which CA 1 arose, and were named as the
applicants therein. Furthermore, and in any event, the Phua Group’s status as
parties or non-parties was wholly independent of the Shareholders’ status as
such.

44 Consequently, the Phua Group’s application under O 57 r 3(6) of the ROC
failed on this basis alone. Nevertheless, we briefly considered the second
requirement since the Phua Group had made submissions on the same.

“Directly affected by the appeal”

45 The second requirement under O 57 r 3(6) stipulates that the party in
question must be “directly affected by the appeal”. Therefore, in a situation
where an appeal is filed against a decision vis-à-vis some but not all of the
parties below, there would be no need to serve such a notice on parties who
would not be directly affected by the appeal.

46 As for the meaning of “directly affected by the appeal”, we agree with the
High Court in Goh Gin Chye (HC) (see [30] above) that the word “affected”
entails some kind of impact on the status and legal rights of the party in
question. We further endorse Lord Keith’s view in Rent Officer Service that
being “directly” affected refers to being affected “without the intervention
of any intermediate agency”. In our view, therefore, a party can only be said
to be “directly affected by the appeal” if his status and legal rights would
be affected by the substantive decision in the appeal, without the
intervention of any intermediate agency. Such an approach is consistent with
the ECA’s holding in Salmon that the third party who had provided an indemnity
to the defendant could not be said to be “directly affected by the appeal”,
since his legal obligation to indemnify the defendant would only arise
“through the intervention of the right of indemnity” (see [36] above).

47 Turning to the facts of the present case, we agreed with counsel for the
Phua Group that the Phua Group may well be “directly affected” by CA 1 in two
respects. First, the outcome of the Shareholders’ appeal against the Phua
Group Costs Order would certainly affect the Phua Group’s legal rights to the
costs that were awarded in their favour, even without the intervention of any
intermediate agency. Secondly, the outcome of the substantive appeal would
also “directly affect” the Phua Group. The primary relief that the
Shareholders seek through CA 1 is a declaration that the sale of the Asset to
Golden Hill Capital is null and void. Such a declaration would, at the very
least, have a direct impact on the Phua Group’s legal ownership of the Asset.

48 However, this was insufficient for the Phua Group to invoke O 57 r 3(6)
since, as mentioned above, the members of the Phua Group were never parties to
SUM 3963 in the first place. Consequently, O 57 r 3(6) was not engaged and it
followed that there was no basis for the Court to strike out the NOA. The
second alternative remedy sought by the Phua Group, viz. that the Shareholders
be barred from seeking the remedies that would “directly affect” the Phua
Group, was equally inappropriate because that remedy was likewise predicated
on the Shareholders’ non-compliance with O 57 r 3(6).

Whether the Phua Group should be allowed to participate in CA 1 in any event

49 This left us with the question as to whether the Phua Group ought to be
allowed to participate in CA 1 in any event. The basis for making such an
order is O 57 r 10(1)–(2) of the ROC, which provides:

Directions of Court as to service (O. 57, r. 10)

10.—(1) The Court of Appeal may in any case direct that the record of appeal
or supplemental record of appeal, the core bundle, any supplemental core
bundle and the Cases be served on any party to the proceedings in the Court
below on whom it has not been served, or on any person not party to those
proceedings.

(2) In any case in which the Court of Appeal directs the record of appeal or
supplemental record of appeal, the core bundle, any supplemental core bundle
and the Cases to be served on any party or person, the Court may also direct
that a Case be filed by such party or person.

50 While there are no local cases interpreting the abovementioned provisions,
the UK authorities offer some guidance as to the relevant factors which a
court may consider in deciding whether to make an order under O 57 r 10(1). In
Hasselblad (GB) Limited v Kenneth Orbinson (English Court of Appeal, 2 July
1984, unreported) (“Hasselblad”), the ECA held that O 59 r 8(1) of the RSC
1965, which is in pari materia with O 57 r 10(1) of the ROC, did not confer on
the court jurisdiction to order an appellant to serve a NOA on any person
“without qualification”. However, the court was entitled to consider, in its
discretion, various factors such as “the nature of the interest of the person
to be served, what contribution [he was] likely to be able to make to the
achievement of justice, and what adverse effect… the parties [would suffer] by
the intervener being put into the position of a party to the extent that the
notice of appeal was served on him”.

51 Hasselblad was subsequently followed in Berg v Glentworth Bulb Company Ltd
(English Court of Appeal, 30 September 1988, unreported) which concerned,
inter alia, an application by a non-party to be joined to the appeal
proceedings. Woolf LJ opined that the non-party’s application would be “most
conveniently dealt with” under O 59 r 8(1) of the RSC 1965 and remarked that
the following considerations would apply in the context of that provision:

In particular I ask myself here what contribution is likely to be made to the
achievement of justice by giving effect to the applications which are before
the court? In approaching that question I bear in mind that it is undesirable
as matter of principle for more parties to be before the court than is
necessary for doing justice. If unnecessary parties are before the court, they
add to the expense of proceedings; they can also cause delay, and of course
can unnecessarily prolong the argument[s]…

…

… This court always has a discretion to hear anyone in support of an appeal.
It is a discretion, however, which is very sparingly exercised and would not
normally be exercised in favour of a person in the position of [the non-party
in this case] unless there were exceptional circumstances. In the ordinary
situation a person in the position of [the non-party] who had a shared
interest with a defendant, as here, or any other party in the proceedings, can
usually protect his position perfectly satisfactorily by informing the legal
advisers of the person who is already a party to the appeal of the nature of
any argument which they would like to be advanced, and in that way the
argument is brought to the attention of the court. …

[emphasis added]

52 Having regard to the principles set out above, we were of the view that the
Phua Group ought to be allowed to participate in CA 1 pursuant to O 57 r 10(1)
of the ROC.

53 In relation to the first factor envisaged in Hasselblad (ie, the “nature of
the interest of the person to be served”), it was evident that the Phua Group
has an interest in CA 1 since a reversal of the Judge’s decision would
invariably have a direct impact on the Phua Group’s entitlement to costs under
the Phua Group Costs Order, as well as its legal ownership of the Asset (see
[47] above). Furthermore, it was apparent to us that the Phua Group’s interest
in the outcome of the appeal was not directly aligned with that of the JMs.
This was evident from how the JMs had handled Man Wah’s offers and had even
granted Man Wah an opportunity to provide “anything further” it wished to
communicate in relation to its offer, despite Golden Hill Capital’s objections
to the same. We therefore agreed with the Phua Group’s submission that it
could not simply depend upon the JMs’ solicitors to represent its interests in
the appeal.

54 In terms of the way in which the Phua Group’s contributions could assist
the court in CA 1, the Phua Group contended that it was best-placed to explain
how a reversal of the sale would be undesirable because of the “significant
impact” it would have on the employees, creditors and other stakeholders of
the HTL Group. This was refuted by the Shareholders, who argued that any
information which the Phua Group could provide in relation to the consequences
of reversing the sale pertained to events, such as the pledging of the shares
in the Company’s subsidiaries, which had occurred after the Judge’s decision
in November 2020. We disagreed with the Shareholders as it was not for the
Shareholders to pre-empt the specific arguments which the Phua Group intended
to make at the appeal (assuming that it was allowed to participate in the
same). Since the remedy that the Shareholders seek in CA 1 is a declaration
that the sale was null and void, it appeared to us that any arguments that the
Phua Group could make on the desirability of such a remedy would potentially
be relevant to the appeal. It was not necessary for us to examine the merits
of those submissions at this juncture as they would be addressed at the
hearing of the appeal.

55 Finally, we did not think that the other parties to CA 1 would suffer any
irremediable prejudice by virtue of the Phua Group’s participation in the
same. The JMs had indicated that they had no objections to the Phua Group’s
participation. As for the Shareholders, although they had asserted that the
Phua Group’s participation would give rise to “unnecessary costs”, we noted
that they did not appeal against AR Tan’s decision in allowing the Phua Group
to participate in SUM 3963. Nor did they take any objection to the Phua
Group’s participation when the matter was heard before the Judge on 9 November
2020. This being the case, it did not lie in the Shareholders’ mouths to
complain of prejudice arising from the Phua Group’s earlier participation.
Should the Phua Group make superfluous arguments in respect of the appeal,
that is a matter that can readily be addressed by an appropriate costs order
against the Phua Group.

56 We also considered it unlikely that the Phua Group’s participation would
cause the appeal proceedings to become unnecessarily protracted, as AR Gan had
directed that the timelines for CA 1 would continue to run pending this
Court’s decision on this summons. In accordance with AR Gan’s directions, the
Phua Group had already served its Respondent’s Case on the Shareholders and
the JMs on 30 June 2021, prior to our decision on this summons.

57 Accordingly, although case law dictates that the Court’s power to allow a
non-party to participate in an appeal under O 57 r 10(1)–(2) of the ROC is to
be “sparingly exercised”, the circumstances of this case were such that we
decided that the Phua Group’s participation ought to be allowed.

Conclusion

58 For the reasons set out above, SUM 61 was allowed to the extent that the
Phua Group was allowed to participate in CA 1 as respondents to the
proceedings. The Shareholders were granted an extension of time to serve the
Notice of Appeal, Record of Appeal and the Appellant’s Case on the Phua Group,
and were directed to do so within seven days from the date of our decision.
Costs of this application were reserved to be dealt with at the hearing of the
appeal proper.

Judith Prakash  
Justice of the Court of Appeal | Steven Chong  
Justice of the Court of Appeal  
---|---  
  
Harpreet Singh Nehal SC, Jordan Tan and Victor Leong (Audent Chambers LLC)
(instructed), Cheng Wai Yuen Mark, Chew Xiang, Ho Zi Wei and Tan Tian Hui
(Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP) for the applicants;

Tan Tee Jim SC, Gan Theng Chong, Melissa Ng and Tan Sher Meen (Lee & Lee)
(instructed), Sharon Chong Chin Yee, Amanda Chen, Nandhu, Sim Ling Renee and
Vivian Yeong (RHT Law Asia LLP) for the respondents.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 01 Sep 2021 (10:46 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

