Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC 136

Originating Summons No 1107 of 2020 (Registrar’s Appeal No 49 of 2021)

Between

DBS Bank Ltd  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Lam Yee Shen  
---|---  
(2)| Teo Sai Choo Regina  
  
… Defendants

grounds of decision

[Civil Procedure] — [Summary judgment] — [Triable issue under Orders 14 and 83
of the Rules of Court]

[Credit And Security] — [Mortgage of real property] — [Order for possession]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
DBS Bank Ltd

  
v

  

Lam Yee Shen and another

[2021] SGHC 136

General Division of the High Court — Originating Summons No 1107 of 2020
(Registrar’s Appeal No 49 of 2021)  
Aedit Abdullah J  
24 March 2021

10 June 2021

Aedit Abdullah J:

1 In this appeal, the plaintiff sought to enforce the security granted to it
in the form of property mortgaged to it by the defendants. The defendants
resisted it on flimsy grounds below and added a further bare allegation of
fraud on appeal before me. The defendants have now appealed further.

Background

2 The first and second defendants obtained a Housing Loan Facility (the
“Facility”) from the plaintiff, comprising a Housing Loan on 1 April 1999 and
a Term Loan on 26 July 2012. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Leong Lan Fern’s Supplementary Affidavit dated 10 February 2021 (“LLF-2”) at
para 2; Leong Lan Fern Affidavit dated 3 November 2020 (“LLF-1”) at pp 15–21
and pp 29–35.

Both loans were secured by a mortgage over the whole of Lot No MK 17-U68155W
(Type SSCT Volume 937 Folio 176) comprising the property known as 20 Jalan
Raja Udang #08-03 Global Ville Singapore 329192 (the “Property”). 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

LLF-1 at para 3, p 16 (Clause 2a), p 30 (Clause 1g) and pp 57–67.

As the defendants defaulted on payments required under the Facility, the
plaintiff issued two letters on 27 August 2020 informing the defendants that
it had recalled the Facility and demanded payment of outstanding sums within
seven days. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

LLF-1 at para 5 and pp 77–80.

By another three letters on 27 August 2020, the plaintiff informed the
defendants that they were required to deliver vacant possession of the
Property within one month. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

LLF-1 at para 7 and pp 82–84.

As the defendants did not surrender vacant possession, 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

LLF-1 at para 7.

the plaintiff made an application on 3 November 2020, for an order for, inter
alia, possession of the Property under O 83 of the Rules of Court (Cap 332, R
5, 2014 Rev Ed) (“ROC”). 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

HC/OS 1107/2020.

A certificate (the “Certificate”) provided by the Vice-President of the
plaintiff indicated the outstanding sums payable under the Housing Loan and
Term Loan as at 3 November 2020. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

LLF-1 at p 86.

Procedural history

3 An order-in-terms of prayers 1–3 in HC/OS 1107/2020 was granted by the
Assistant Registrar on 23 February 2021. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

HC/ORC 1215/2021 dated 23 February 2021.

As this was an appeal from the decision of the Assistant Registrar, the matter
was heard afresh.

Summary of the defendants’ arguments on appeal

4 On appeal, the defendants alleged that their signatures on the Instrument of
Mortgage dated 12 March 2004 (the “2004 mortgage document”) had been forged. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Defendants’ Submissions dated 22 March 2021 (“DS”) at paras 1–2; Defendants’
Submissions (Addendum) dated 23 March 2021 (“DSA”) at para 6.

In this regard, the defendants took issue with the evidence of the mortgage
and documentation being hearsay, 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

DSA at paras 4–5.

and pointed out discrepancies in the documents, namely, the copy of the
mortgage document forwarded to the defendants back in 1999 (the “1999 mortgage
document”) and the 2004 mortgage document. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

DSA at para 6.

Allegations of presumed undue influence, 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

DS at para 5.

and discrepancies as regards the Subsidiary Strata Certificate of Title
(“SSCT”) of the Property, 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

DSA at paras 12–14.

were also raised. These matters, the defendants argued, ought to be
investigated by way of trial or cross-examination. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

DS at paras 5 and 8; DSA at para 13.

The defendants also contended that there had been overcharging by the
plaintiff. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

DSA at paras 8–10.

Summary of the plaintiff’s arguments on appeal

5 Relying on Sim Lian (Newton) Pte Ltd v Gan Beng Cheng Raynes and Another
[2007] SGHC 84 (“Sim Lian”), the plaintiff submitted that O 14 principles
ought to apply to the present application under O 83 ROC. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Plaintiff’s Supplementary Written Submissions dated 24 March 2021 (“PSS”) at
pp 1–7.

Accordingly, the defendants must raise disputes that ought to be tried to
repel judgment for the plaintiff. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

PSS at p 6.

On the facts, however, no triable issues or disputes that ought to be tried
were raised. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Plaintiff’s Submissions dated 17 March 2021 (“PS”) at pp 26–28; PSS at p 22.

The defendants did not dispute that they had taken loans from the plaintiff
and had signed duplicate copies of the mortgage documents. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

PS at pp 8 and 26.

The bare assertion of forgery was raised belatedly on appeal, 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

PSS at pp 7–8 and 15.

and stood in juxtaposition to the defendants’ past conduct. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

PSS at pp 9–14.

Likewise, the defendants’ allegation of presumed undue influence was new and
unsupported. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

PSS at pp 17–22.

Explanations were provided for the supposed discrepancies in the security
documents, 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

PS at pp 25–28.

and alleged errors in the SSCT. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

PS at pp 18–23.

As for the issue of overcharging, the plaintiff explained that all repayments
by the defendants had been accounted for in the calculation of the outstanding
amount. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

PS at pp 15–18.

The decision

6 I accepted, as argued for by the plaintiff, 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

PSS at pp 1–7.

that a standard similar to O 14 ROC should apply to originating summons (“OS”)
proceedings under O 83 ROC. Here, I was satisfied that the plaintiff had made
out a prima facie case. The defendants had also not raised any triable issues,
and neither should the matter be otherwise resolved with the taking of
evidence.

7 The forgery allegation came late, was not substantiated and was inconsistent
with the defendants’ past behaviour. The fact that the defendants allegedly
filed a police report on 16 March 2021, suggesting that the 2004 mortgage
document was forged, cannot assist them. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

DS at para 1.

It was therefore a bare allegation only. As for the other matters, including
the supposed inconsistencies in the mortgage documents, overcharging and the
assertion of undue influence, I also did not find anything in these to raise
anything close to a triable issue. In the circumstances therefore, the appeal
was dismissed, and the order below affirmed.

Analysis

The application

8 In HC/OS 1107/2020, the plaintiff sought to enforce the mortgage through an
application for an order for possession of the Property under O 83 ROC.
Despite the resistance of the defendants, an order-in-terms of prayers 1–3 was
granted by the Assistant Registrar below and affirmed by me on appeal.

9 Order 83 rule 1(1) of the ROC reads:

1.—(1) This Order applies to any action (whether begun by writ or originating
summons) by a mortgagee or mortgagor or by any person having the right to
foreclose or redeem any mortgage, being an action in which there is a claim
for any of the following reliefs:

…

(d) delivery of possession (whether before or after foreclosure or without
foreclosure) to the mortgagee by the mortgagor or by any other person who is
or is alleged to be in possession of the property;

The applicable standard for OS proceedings under O 83

10 The adoption of a triable issue standard analogous to that under O 14 was
put forward by the plaintiff’s counsel and accepted by defendants’ counsel.
The plaintiff referred to the decision of Assistant Registrar Paul Tan in Sim
Lian at [29], 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

PSS at pp 1–5.

in which it was held that O 14 principles can be applied to O 81 matters as
the latter is also intended to be summary in nature. The plaintiff argued that
the same approach should be taken in respect of its application under O 83, as
the approach is clear and supported by an abundance of case law interpreting O
14, and both O 14 and O 83 applications are largely founded on documents with
few factual disputes such that a trial would be unnecessary. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

PSS at pp 5–6.

11 I accepted that proceedings begun by OS under O 83 are summary in nature.
While the rules governing OS proceedings under O 83 are silent, I accepted
that the threshold of a triable issue in O 14 ought to apply to such
proceedings. As a matter of practice, much like the proceedings for possession
of land under O 81, where little evidence is raised, a timely determination in
favour of the plaintiff should follow. Such an approach safeguards financial
and commercial certainty by enabling mortgagees to satisfy their security, in
as prompt a manner as possible, where justified. The interests of the
mortgagors are protected as the matter will proceed to determination at trial
if the requisite standard is met. As in the case of O 14, the threshold of a
triable issue being raised balances the need to not prolong matters
unnecessarily where the case is overwhelming, with the need to allow the
defendant his day in court at least where some evidence is forthcoming from
him.

12 There are differences in structure and scheme between O 14 and O 83 (and
indeed with O 81). O 14 expressly provides that judgment may result for the
plaintiff, while O 83 posits an OS hearing or a trial. Nonetheless, despite
this difference, O 83 permits the court to determine the matter on affidavit
evidence, generally without cross-examination when the application is begun by
OS, leading to a result similar to a summary judgment. With that in mind, the
adoption of an analogous standard to O 14 should not pose any conceptual
difficulties, though it may be that there will have to be some other
modifications. For instance, granting a defendant conditional leave to defend
is not contemplated under O 83, though the court could conceivably order
proceedings to continue as an OS with cross-examination, for instance.

13 Transposing the guidance from O 14 cases to the present situation:

(a) The plaintiff must first show a prima facie case for summary judgment
under O 14: see Singapore Court Practice 2021 (Jeffrey Pinsler gen ed)
(LexisNexis, 2021) (“Singapore Court Practice”) at para 14/2/1. Similarly, in
an O 83 OS action for possession of a mortgaged property, the bank must first
show a prima facie entitlement to the possession of the property, presumably
on the basis of mortgage documents showing that a mortgage exists, and that
there has been a breach of the terms of the mortgage entitling the mortgagee
to possession. If the plaintiff is unable to show a prima facie case, its
application will be dismissed at the outset.

(b) If a prima facie case has been established by the plaintiff in an O 14
application, the defendant must, in order to repel summary judgment, raise an
issue or question in dispute which ought to be tried, or show that there ought
for some other reason to be a trial. In particular, a bare allegation does not
raise a triable issue. There must be some cogent evidence to support the
defendant’s assertions: Calvin Klein, Inc and another v HS International Pte
Ltd and others [2016] 5 SLR 1183 at [45]; B2C2 Ltd v Quoine Pte Ltd [2018] 4
SLR 1 (“B2C2”) at [5]; Singapore Court Practice at para 14/3/2. The same
approach ought to be taken for an OS application for possession of a mortgaged
property under O 83.

(c) The court in MP-Bilt Pte Ltd v Oey Widarto [1999] 1 SLR(R) 908 at [13]
emphasised the approval in Hua Khian Ceramics Tiles Supplies Pte Ltd v Torie
Construction Pte Ltd [1991] 2 SLR(R) 901 at [21] for a robust approach to be
taken in commercial and construction cases where cash flow is the life blood
in making commerce work. An equally robust approach ought to be taken for OS
proceedings under O 83, which gives effect to security underpinning the
provision of finance for those seeking help to purchase properties. Without a
robust approach protecting the effectiveness of security interests, would-be
purchasers would not be able to find financing at all.

14 While O 14 has attracted a considerable amount of case authority on the
language used and the precise test, it is not necessary to my mind in this
context to import all of the principles and rules underlying the grant of
summary judgment under O 14, to O 83. It is sufficient, for the moment, to
adopt the standard of a triable issue in O 14, such that a summary
determination of OS proceedings under O 83 is appropriate where no triable
issue is raised. After all, O 83 does not completely replicate the language
used in O 14. For instance, where a mortgage action is started by a writ, O 83
r 4(1) ROC permits judgment in default of defence to be entered only with the
leave of court; in contrast, O 14 r 1 ROC requires the defendant to serve its
defence before the plaintiff may apply for summary judgment. What is
procedurally permissible may thus differ under O 83 and O 14, and principles
governing O 14 applications ought not be imported into O 83 if they would be
incongruent with its plain language.

Application to the facts

15 The plaintiff had established a prima facie case that it was entitled to
the possession of the Property. The defendants raised a number of allegations,
which fell short of the necessary level to raise any triable issue. The
allegations made were bare, with little support given in evidence.

Prima facie case

16 The plaintiff had made out a prima facie case, with its documentation
showing the existence of a mortgage down the years, covering various
facilities, as well as account statements proving that the defendants had
defaulted on their monthly instalments. Various allegations in the defendants’
affidavits going up against these included discrepancies in the security
documents, 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Lam Yee Shen’s Second Affidavit dated 20 January 2021 (“LYS-2”) at para 8.

wrongful deductions, 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Lam Yee Shen’s First Affidavit dated 23 December 2020 (“LYS-1”) at paras 11,
14 and 16–17; DSA at paras 8–10.

errors in the title deed, 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

LYS-1 at para 26; LYS-2 at para 7; DSA at paras 12–14.

and changes in the Houseowners Master Policy (“Insurance Policy”). 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

LYS-1 at para 27.

The last issue on the Insurance Policy fell away on appeal, and was not
addressed in the defendants’ written submissions before me. In any event, as
will be addressed below at [27]–[32], I did not consider these matters as
raising any triable issue at all: the documents were, in short order, as
explained by the plaintiff to my satisfaction, largely in order.

17 The plaintiff had sufficiently exhibited documents supporting the existence
of loans that were secured by a registered mortgage. The letters of offer
dated 1 April 1999 and 26 July 2012 indicated that the Housing Loan and Term
Loan taken out by the defendants were secured by a legal mortgage over the
Property. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

LLF-1 at pp 15–21 (see Clause 2a on p 16) and pp 29–55 (see Clause 1g on p
30).

The 2004 mortgage document evidenced this mortgage over the Property, with the
defendants named as mortgagors, and the plaintiff as mortgagee. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

LLF-1 at p 57.

This mortgage was registered on 1 April 2004, as reflected on the 2004
mortgage document and SSCT. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

LLF-1 at p 67; LLF-2 at pp 47–48.

Various facility letters modified the interest rates over the years, 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

LLF-1 at pp 10–13, pp 22–25 and pp 26-28; LLF-2 at para 4(i).

but this did not affect the plaintiff’s claim in the present case. In fact,
these letters confirmed that the Facility was secured by this mortgage. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

LLF-1 at p 11 (3 August 2012 Letter), p 23 (9 March 2010 Letter) and p 27 (3
March 2006 Letter).

18 The account statements covering the relevant years verified the plaintiff’s
claim that the defendants had defaulted on their monthly instalments between 1
December 2019 and 1 November 2020, 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

LLF-2 at para 34, pp 139–144 and 167–171.

hence entitling the plaintiff to cancel the Facility and demand immediate
repayment of outstanding sums pursuant to the plaintiff’s Standard Terms and
Conditions. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

LLF-1 at p 11 (applicability to Housing Loan), p 15 (applicability to Term
Loan), p 47 (Clause 21.1.1) and p 48 (Clause 22.1.2).

Clause 2(n) of the Memorandum of Mortgage stipulated that the moneys secured
shall be due on demand, and if a demand for payment is not complied with
within seven days after service thereof on the mortgagor, the plaintiff shall
be entitled to exercise its statutory powers of a mortgagee. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

LLF-1 at p 73.

In this regard, the plaintiff sent two letters on 27 August 2020 informing the
defendants that it had recalled the Facility and demanded that unless the
outstanding amount was repaid within seven days, the plaintiff would exercise
its powers under the mortgage. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

LLF-1 at pp 77–80.

This included the power of entry into possession under s 75(1) Land Titles Act
(Cap 157, 2004 Rev Ed) (“LTA”), which the plaintiff was entitled to exercise
since it had given the defendants the requisite s 75(2) LTA notice via another
three letters dated 27 August 2020, 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

LLF-1 at pp 82–84.

and the defendants had defaulted on the loan. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

LLF-2 at pp 139–144 and 167–171.

Section 75 LTA is applicable to the Property by virtue of s 4 Land Titles
(Strata) Act (Cap 158, 2009 Rev Ed) (“LTSA”).

19 As against this, the defendants contended that there was incomplete
evidence – information as to how the plaintiff became the mortgagee
constituted hearsay evidence, since it was provided by the plaintiff’s current
solicitors rather than the conveyancing lawyers involved in the transaction
back then. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

DSA at paras 4 and 5.

However, the mortgage documents were the very evidence of the mortgage terms.
The 2004 mortgage document was also the very evidence of the fact that the
defendants’ signatures were on a mortgage document that specified the
plaintiff as the mortgagee of the Property; 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

LLF-1 at pp 57 and 65.

they were not hearsay. Further, the very fact that registration of the
mortgage had been effected can be evidenced by the SSCT: ss 36(2)(a) and 4 LTA
read with s 4 LTSA.

20 Furthermore, as noted by the plaintiff, 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

PSS at p 13.

the defendants had been servicing the mortgage all these years. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

LLF-2 at pp 75–171.

It was also conceded by the defendants at first instance that they did not
dispute the mortgage, and did not dispute taking the loans. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Notes of Evidence (“NOE”) 23 February 2021 at p 3 lines 19–22; LYS-1 at para
20.

This was not a situation in which the defendants denied taking any benefit at
all.

Absence of triable issues

(1) Allegation of forgery

21 The defendants’ allegation of forgery is a bare one.

22 Again in the context of O 14, it has been noted that the improbability of
bare assertions will weigh against finding that a triable issue has been
raised: KLW Holdings Ltd v Straitsworld Advisory Ltd and another [2017] 5 SLR
184 at [16]. There must be cogent evidence supporting the defendant’s
position: B2C2 at [5]. In other words, if the allegation of forgery is clearly
not credible at all, there is no fair or reasonable probability of a real
defence: National Westminster Bank plc v Daniel and others [1993] 1 WLR 1453
at 1457.

23 No credible or cogent evidence was given to support the forgery allegation.
The alleged filing of a police report only in March 2021, just before the
Registrar’s Appeal, did not assist at all: a police report was only an
assertion by the person making it. The fact that a criminal penalty might
attach for a false report was of little effect in cases such as these, where
the distant and probably remote prospect of any criminal prosecution was not
likely to deter the making of bare allegations.

24 The supposed inconsistencies in the mortgage documents raised by the
defendants had been properly addressed by the plaintiff (see below at
[27]–[29]). On the other hand, as argued by the plaintiff, 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

PSS at p 15.

the defendants’ allegation of forgery was bare, with no explanation of
possible beneficiaries or perpetrators, or any other telling details which
would have lent some force to the assertion.

25 The forgery allegation also lost credibility in light of the long duration
of the mortgage. If indeed there was a forgery, the action of the defendants
in paying the instalments all these years since its commencement in 1999, and
accepting various letters of offer stating that the loans were secured by the
mortgage, 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

LLF-1 at pp 11 and 13 (3 August 2012 Letter), pp 16 and 21 (26 July 2012
Letter), pp 23 and 25 (9 March 2010 Letter), pp 27–28 (3 March 2006 Letter),
pp 30 and 35 (1 April 1999 Letter).

sat very oddly with that. Two decades had passed without any complaint. One
would have expected them to raise a hue and cry many years ago, if the forgery
allegation was true. The very fact, as argued by the plaintiff, 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

PSS at p 8.

that the forgery was not raised early in the proceedings, or at first
instance, also raised significant doubt as to its veracity. All that was
mentioned at first instance was a vague allusion to inconsistencies in the
documents. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

See NOE 23 February 2021 at p 2 lines 26–28 and p 3 lines 10–28; Defendant’s
Submissions before Registrar dated 22 February 2021 (“D’s Registrar Subs”) at
para 2.

The fact that the defendants had not explained the inconsistency between their
past conduct and their allegation of forgery, or raised other evidence to
support this allegation, must mean that the allegation was wholly unsupported.
It was also telling that the defendants did not adduce the police report
properly by way of an affidavit, and only made reference to it in submissions.
54

##### Foot Note 54

×

DS at p 2; DSA at p 3.

(2) Inconsistencies

26 The defendants also pointed to supposed inconsistencies in the mortgage
documents, 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

DS at para 6; DSA at para 6.

including the name of the bank, 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

DSA at para 6i.

as well as discrepancies as regards the SSCT and the Insurance Policy. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

DSA at paras 12–13; LYS-1 at para 27.

They also claimed that the plaintiff had made deductions in excess of monthly
instalments due under the Facility. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

DSA at paras 8–10.

27 The discrepancies between the 1999 and 2004 mortgage documents raised by
the defendants were properly and adequately addressed by the plaintiff. The
plaintiff changed its name in 2003, from “The Development Bank of Singapore
Ltd” to “DBS Bank Ltd”. Judicial notice could be taken of this fact. At common
law, the court can take judicial notice of facts, beyond ss 59(1) and 59(2)
Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed), which are so notorious or so clearly
established that they are beyond the subject of reasonable dispute: Zheng Yu
Shan v Lian Beng Construction (1988) Pte Ltd [2009] 2 SLR(R) 587 (“Zheng Yu
Shan”) at [24] and [27]. A fact is considered notorious or clearly established
if its existence is accepted by the public without qualification or
contention: Zheng Yu Shan at [27]. The change in name of the plaintiff, is a
matter which would be expected to be of some notoriety. The variation was also
sufficiently documented by the plaintiff, in its letters of offer and account
statements. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

LLF-1 at pp 29–35 (1 April 1999 Letter) contrasted with pp 26–28 (3 March 2006
Letter); LLF-2 at pp 83–85 (Statement of Account dated 1 January 2003)
contrasted with pp 86–88 (Statement of Account dated 1 January 2004).

28 Differences in the mortgagors’ address and other slight discrepancies as to
the format of the 1999 and 2004 mortgage documents, had also been accounted
for by the plaintiff. At the time of the Housing Loan in 1999 the legal title
of the Property had not been issued yet. Therefore, the mortgage was executed
in escrow, meaning the legal details of the Property were left blank. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

LLF-2 at para 26.

It was only upon legal completion of the defendants’ purchase of the Property,
that the 2004 mortgage was registered. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

LLF-2 at para 27 and p 73.

A change in the mortgagors’ address and minor formatting details between the
execution and registration of the mortgage, was nothing alarming and not
indicative of forgery.

29 The defendants took issue with how the signatures in their copy of the 2004
mortgage document appeared different from the signatures on the plaintiff’s
copy. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

DSA at para 6ii; LYS-2 at paras 8ii–8iii and p 29; LLF-1 at p 65.

In this regard, the plaintiff had adequately explained, on affidavit, that
security documents were prepared in duplicate in case one set was
inadvertently misplaced. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

LLF-2 at para 25.

Hence, the defendants and the plaintiff had executed two sets of mortgage
documents, resulting in slight differences in signatures on the defendants’
copy and the plaintiff’s copy. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

LLF-2 at para 26.

That there had been duplicate copies of the 2004 mortgage document was also
evidenced by a letter from the plaintiff’s solicitors dated 7 May 2004. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

LLF-2 at p 73.

30 The defendants also claimed that the SSCT was erroneous: it did not refer
to the Property, 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

DSA at para 12; LYS-1 at para 26; LYS-2 at para 7iii.

and the Mukim number and the share value indicated were wrong. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

LYS-2 at para 7.

In response, the plaintiff adduced an email from the Singapore Land Authority
dated 5 February 2021, 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

LLF-2 at para 17 and p 70.

results of its Lot History Search on Singapore Land Authority’s Lot Base
System on 8 February 2021, 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

LLF-2 at para 15 and pp 62–63.

and a letter from the Building & Construction Authority dated 22 November
2000, 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

LLF-2 at para 14 and pp 59–60.

which showed, to my satisfaction, that the SSCT was not erroneous.

31 In the defendants’ affidavits, there was an allegation that the Insurance
Policy was varied without the defendants’ knowledge, 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

LYS-1 at para 27; LYS-2 at para 9.

but this was not taken up in submissions on appeal. This allegation pertaining
to the Insurance Policy, in any event, had no bearing on the plaintiff’s
present application to enforce its mortgage.

32 As for the issue of excess deductions, the plaintiff accepted that from
time to time it had received CPF Board remittances in excess of the monthly
instalment. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

LLF-2 at para 10 and p 43; NOE 23 February 2021 at p 4 line 30–p 5 line 2.

However, all payments from the defendants went towards reducing the
outstanding amount payable, 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

LLF-2 at para 11.

except when the plaintiff rejected the receipt of the excess payments and made
a refund. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

LLF-2 at para 10, pp 43 and 99.

All these were supported by the account statements, 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

LLF-2 at pp 75–171 read with D’s Registrar Subs at pp 17–22.

and there was nothing to impugn the accuracy of the outstanding sums indicated
on the Certificate. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

LLF-1 at p 86.

Hence, the plaintiff was entitled to enforce its mortgage when the defendants
defaulted on their instalments.

(3) Undue influence

33 Another new allegation made in the defendants’ submissions was that the
presumption of undue influence was raised because the same lawyers acted for
both the plaintiff and defendants in this mortgage. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

DS at para 5.

As argued by the plaintiff, 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

PSS at pp 21–22.

the case of Malayan Banking Berhad v Sivakolunthu Thirunavukarasu and others
[2008] 1 SLR(R) 149, cited by the defendants for this proposition, involved a
situation distinct from the present case, where the same lawyers were acting
for both the mortgagor and mortgagee. The role of the lawyer in the latter
situation is purely concerned with the conveyancing and preparation of
mortgage documents, with no advice being given particularly to the mortgagors.
That perhaps underlies The Law Society of Singapore’s Practice Direction 7.2.5
(1 June 2018), cited by the plaintiff, 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

PSS at p 22.

which implicitly accepts this practice. In any event, the supposed undue
influence occurred a long time ago. The passage of time puts substantial doubt
on the veracity of the defendants’ allegation here as well.

Costs

34 I ordered the defendants to pay S$7,000 in costs to the plaintiff.

Conclusion

35 The scattershot, late and grasping allegations by the defendants seemed
redolent of an attempt to stave off, by any means possible, the plaintiff’s
application to enforce the mortgage. There was a clear absence of any
indication that the defendants’ allegations had any truth to them. The whole
past conduct of the defendants certainly belied their allegations. In the face
of this, the defendants should have put in some evidence to explain the stark
inconsistency between their past conduct and their allegations in the present
case, but they did not do so. Given that absence of a crucial explanation, the
only conclusion that could be reached was that their allegations were not at
all real, and only intended to delay the mortgagee’s remedies.

Aedit Abdullah  
Judge of the High Court  
---  
  
Koh Yeong Hung Sasha (Adsan Law LLC) for the plaintiff;

Dhanwant Singh (S K Kumar Law Practice LLP) for the first and second
defendants.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 10 Jun 2021 (14:13 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

