Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC 174

Tribunal Appeal No 10 of 2021

Between

| Lakshmi d/o Kumaravelu  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| Lazada Singapore Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

GROUNDS OF DECISION

[Civil Procedure] — [Appeals] — [Leave]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Lakshmi d/o Kumaravelu

  
v

  

Lazada Singapore Pte Ltd

[2021] SGHC 174

General Division of the High Court —Tribunal Appeal No 10 of 2021  
Andre Maniam JC  
7 July 2021

12 July 2021

Andre Maniam JC:

Introduction

1 The plaintiff filed this ex parte originating summons (“OS”) to appeal
against decisions which, by law, are unappealable. I dismissed the OS. The
plaintiff has indicated that she is dissatisfied with my decision, and will
take the matter further.

Background

2 The plaintiff brought a claim before a Small Claims Tribunal against the
defendant (“Lazada”), seeking (a) a refund of the amount she had paid for a
dishwasher purchased on Lazada’s online platform in July 2020, and (b) damages
for her suffering eczema, which she claimed was a result of her dealing with
Lazada’s customer service.

3 Lazada was willing to refund the sum which had been paid for the dishwasher
(which Lazada said was $472.98, but the plaintiff said was $499); but Lazada
disputed the plaintiff’s claim for damages for eczema, which the plaintiff
quantified in the sum of $1,124.51 for the period up to mid-October 2020. The
plaintiff’s damages claim was denied by the tribunal magistrate. The
magistrate found that (a) the plaintiff had not proven that Lazada had in any
way caused her eczema, and (b) the nature of the damage was too remote for
damages to be claimable. The magistrate only allowed a refund of the sum paid,
which the magistrate found was $472.98 (which Lazada had already been willing
to provide).

The plaintiff had no right of appeal

4 The plaintiff was dissatisfied with the Small Claims Tribunal’s order, as
regards both the $26.02 difference in the amount of the refund, and her not
getting any damages for eczema. However, the order of the Small Claims
Tribunal was final and binding on the parties, subject only to a potential
appeal.

5 Under s 38(1) of the Small Claims Tribunals Act (Cap 308, 1998 Rev Ed) (“the
Act”) an order of a Small Claims Tribunal can be appealed against (a) on any
ground involving a question of law; or (b) on the ground that the claim was
outside the jurisdiction of the tribunal. However, under s 38(1A) of the Act,
an appeal can only be brought if leave to appeal is given by the District
Court. No such leave was given.

6 The plaintiff knew she needed leave to appeal. She applied to the District
Court for leave to appeal, but her application for leave to appeal was
dismissed, with the District Court stating that it agreed with the tribunal
magistrate’s decision. Under s 38(3) of the Act, the District Court’s decision
not to give leave to appeal is final and is not subject to an appeal.

7 The plaintiff expressly recognised in her OS that her application for leave
to appeal had been dismissed by the District Court, but she nevertheless filed
the OS as a “notice of appeal” to ask the High Court to “reconsider” the Small
Claims Tribunal’s decision. However, she had no right to appeal against the
Small Claims Tribunal’s decision. She also had no right to appeal against the
District Court’s decision not to give her leave to appeal.

8 Section 38 of the Act was highlighted to the plaintiff by Lazada in email
correspondence, by an Assistant Registrar at a pre-trial conference, and by me
at the hearing of the OS, but the plaintiff maintained that she could still
pursue her damages claim. She argued that there was a difference between the
District Court dismissing her application for leave to appeal, and the
District Court not granting leave to appeal. There is no difference. She
applied for leave to appeal, the District Court did not give her leave to
appeal, and without such leave she could not appeal against the Small Claims
Tribunal’s decision. Further, she could not appeal against the District
Court’s decision. She filed this OS nevertheless.

9 The plaintiff also suggested that the OS could be regarded as a fresh claim,
for what she had failed to get from the Small Claims Tribunal. That does not
work. One cannot get around a final, binding, and unappealable decision by
filing the same claim (that had failed) in another court.

10 The plaintiff asserted that the court had advised that she could bring this
OS. The court gave her no such advice. On the contrary, it was explained to
her that she could not file a notice of appeal: her application for leave to
appeal had been dismissed by the District Court, the Small Claims Tribunal’s
order was binding, and there was no further recourse. After she filed the OS,
she was informed that it was likely that her OS would be dismissed, but she
decided to press on with it.

11 Finally, I would mention that the plaintiff proceeded ex parte in the
absence of Lazada. It was highlighted to her at a pre-trial conference that
she should amend the OS to make it inter partes, and serve it, to require
Lazada to attend. The court even gave her leave to amend the OS, but she
declined to do so. She said that as she was the party dissatisfied with the
Small Claims Tribunal’s decision, the court should just hear from her; she
expressed concern that if the court also heard from Lazada, that could be
“detrimental” to her (as she said the Small Claims Tribunal’s decision was,
when the tribunal had heard from both sides). The court could not however
overturn the Small Claims Tribunal’s decision without giving Lazada an
opportunity to be heard.

Conclusion

12 The plaintiff had no right of appeal in the first place, and so I dismissed
the OS.

Andre Maniam  
Judicial Commissioner|  
---|---  
  
The plaintiff in person;

The defendant absent and unrepresented.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 12 Jul 2021 (10:11 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

