Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the APPELLATE DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC(A) 24

Civil Appeal No 103 of 2021

Between

| Marina Towage Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

| Chin Kwek Chong  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

In the matter of Suit No 158 of 2019

Between

| Marina Towage Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Chin Kwek Chong  
---|---  
(2)| Chin Chee Chien  
  
… Defendants

grounds of decision

[Companies] — [Fraudulent trading]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Marina Towage Pte Ltd

  
v

  

Chin Kwek Chong

[2021] SGHC(A) 24

Appellate Division of the High Court — Civil Appeal No 103 of 2021  
Belinda Ang Saw Ean JAD, Woo Bih Li JAD and Chua Lee Ming J  
3 December 2021

14 December 2021

Chua Lee Ming J (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

1 This was an appeal against the decision of the High Court judge (the
“Judge”) dismissing the appellant’s claim for a declaration that the
respondent was personally liable for a judgment debt owed by Island Logistic
Pte Ltd (“IL”) to the appellant. The appellant alleged that the respondent was
personally liable under s 340(1) of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed)
(“CA”) because IL was trading fraudulently and the respondent was a knowing
party to IL’s fraudulent trading.

2 We dismissed the appeal and we now set out the grounds for our decision.

Background facts

3 The background facts are straightforward. In July 2015, the appellant
bareboat chartered two vessels to IL – a barge at a rate of US$30,000 per 30
days and a tug at a rate of US$47,000 per 30 days (the “main charterparties”).
IL subchartered on back-to-back bareboat terms the pair of vessels to Blue
Metal Investments Pte Ltd (“BMI”) at a total profit of US$8,000 per vessel per
30 days (the “subcharterparties”). The hire period for the two vessels under
both the main charterparties and the subcharterparties commenced on 1
September 2015. The vessels were duly delivered to BMI, which then deployed
the vessels in the Maldives.

4 It was common ground that, at the material times, IL had no sources of
revenue other than the two subcharterparties. IL depended on BMI’s payment of
hire under the subcharterparties to pay the appellant under the main
charterparties.

5 Sometime in March 2016, disputes arose between BMI and IL as to the
condition of the vessels. BMI stopped paying the hire due to IL under the
subcharterparties with effect from February 2016. IL, in turn, stopped paying
the hire to the appellant under the main charterparties. By April 2016, the
disputes had escalated to the point that BMI sued the appellant in the
Maldives and secured a court order detaining the vessels.

6 In July 2016, the appellant commenced an arbitration against IL under each
charterparty to recover damages for breach of contract. IL participated in the
constitution of the tribunal but withdrew from the arbitrations after that. In
November 2017, the appellant secured two awards against IL, under which IL was
required to pay over $900,000 plus compound interest at 6% per annum and costs
(subsequently quantified at over $120,000).

7 IL did not pay the appellant, which then obtained leave to enforce both
awards against IL, in the same manner as judgments of the High Court to the
same effect, under s 46 of the Arbitration Act (Cap 10, 2002 Rev Ed). In the
event, IL had nothing of value against which the appellant could levy
execution.

8 The appellant then commenced the present action against the respondent and
his nephew, both of whom were the only two directors and shareholders of IL.
The appellant’s claims were dismissed by the Judge. The Judge found that IL
had no intent to defraud the appellant when it entered into the main
charterparties with the appellant in July 2015: Marina Towage Pte Ltd v Chin
Kwek Chong and another [2021] SGHC 81 (the “Judgment”) at [146].

9 The present appeal is against the respondent only. The appellant’s case is
that the Judge: (a) applied the wrong test under s 340(1) of the CA; and (b)
erred in finding that the appellant had failed to prove IL’s intent to defraud
it.

Whether the Judge applied the wrong test under s 340(1) of the CA

10 Section 340(1) of the CA states as follows:

Responsibility for fraudulent trading

340.—(1) If, in the course of the winding up of a company or in any
proceedings against a company, it appears that any business of the company has
been carried on with intent to defraud creditors of the company or creditors
of any other person or for any fraudulent purpose, the Court, on the
application of the liquidator or any creditor or contributory of the company,
may, if it thinks proper to do so, declare that any person who was knowingly a
party to the carrying on of the business in that manner shall be personally
responsible, without any limitation of liability, for all or any of the debts
or other liabilities of the company as the Court directs.

11 The Appellant’s Case referred to the Judge’s statement that “the
[appellant] must prove by adducing sufficiently cogent evidence that the
[respondent], as IL’s controlling mind and will, dishonestly intended never to
pay the [appellant] under the main charterparties” [emphasis added] (Judgment
at [103]). The appellant submitted that the Judge had erroneously imposed an
excessive burden because “a fraudulent intent or dishonesty or a reckless
indifference may satisfy the mental element under s 340(1)”. In so far as this
suggested that “reckless indifference” was an alternative to an “intent to
defraud” under s 340(1) of the CA, it could not be correct since what was
required under s 340(1) of the CA was an “intent to defraud”. It was not open
to this court to rewrite s 340(1) of the CA to provide for “reckless
indifference” as an alternative to an “intent to defraud”.

12 However, counsel for the appellant, Mr Andrew Chan (“Mr Chan”) clarified in
oral arguments that the appellant was relying on reckless indifference only as
evidence of fraudulent intent. He argued that the Judge was wrong to require
the appellant to prove that IL “intended never to pay” under the main
charterparties because a fraudulent intent could be proved by other evidence,
including evidence of a reckless indifference as to whether the appellant
would be paid.

13 During oral arguments, Mr Chan referred to the Judgment at [101], which
reads as follows:

The [appellant] pleads that IL had an intent to defraud the [appellant] on two
slightly different grounds. First the [appellant] submits that IL entered into
the main charterparties with no intent of paying the [appellant] the hire
which would fall due under them: “the aim of entering into the [main
charterparties] with the [appellant] had been to fraudulently charter the
[v]essels … without any intention whatsoever of paying for [sic] the charter
hire from the outset”. Second, the [appellant] alleges that IL had a dishonest
intent because it knew that there was no reasonable prospect of IL being able
to pay the [appellant] the hire under the main charterparties. As I have
mentioned, this second ground is in itself neither a necessary nor a
sufficient condition for liability under s 340(1). It is only the first ground
which is both a necessary and a sufficient [sic] to establish liability. I
therefore treat the [appellant’s] case on the second ground as circumstantial
evidence from which it invites me to draw the inference necessary to sustain
the first ground.

The appellant submitted that the Judge was wrong to treat the “first ground”
(ie, that IL had no intent of paying) as the only ground that was necessary
and sufficient to establish liability under s 340(1) of the CA.

14 The appellant relied on Tang Yoke Kheng (trading as Niklex Supply Co) v Lek
Benedict and others [2005] 3 SLR(R) 263 (“Tang Yoke Kheng”). In that case, the
Court of Appeal had referred (at [7]) to the following passage in R v Grantham
[1984] QB 675 (“Grantham”) at 681, which was a quote from the trial judge’s
summing up:

… A man intends to defraud a creditor either if he intends that the creditor
shall never be paid or alternatively if he intends to obtain credit or carry
on obtaining credit when the rights and interests of the creditor are being
prejudiced in a way which the defendant himself knows is generally regarded as
dishonest. … [A] trader can intend to defraud if he obtains credit when there
is a substantial risk of the creditor not getting his money or not getting the
whole of his money and the defendant knows that that is the position and knows
he is stepping beyond the bounds of what ordinary decent people engaged in
business would regard as honest. …

15 The Court of Appeal concluded in Tang Yoke Kheng (at [7]) that the above
passage from Grantham “is not a definition of fraud or fraudulent trading, but
merely an account of an instance in which fraud might manifest itself” and
that “[w]hether any given circumstances amount to fraud is a question of fact
to be determined by the court”. The appellant thus argued that the Judge was
wrong to conclude that the only way it could establish liability under s
340(1) of the CA was to prove that IL had no intent to pay under the main
charterparties.

16 The respondent submitted that the formulation of the Judge’s statement at
[103] of the Judgment was from the appellant’s case in its Opening Statement
at the trial below, which was that:

… [IL’s] aim of entering into the [main charterparties] had been to
fraudulently charter the [v]essels worth millions of dollars from the
[appellant] without any intention whatsoever of paying for the charter hire
from the outset.

However, we noted that the appellant’s case at the trial below was wider than
that. In its Opening Statement, the appellant had also stated that IL had
carried on its business dishonestly because it knew that there was a
substantial risk that the appellant would not be paid and that there was no
reasonable prospect of it being able to pay the appellant. In addition, the
Judge had noted that one of the appellant’s allegations was that IL had a
dishonest intent because it knew that there was no reasonable prospect of it
being able to pay the appellant (Judgment at [101]) (see [13] above).

17 It is clear from the Court of Appeal’s observation about Grantham in Tang
Yoke Kheng (see [15] above) that an intention not to pay as well as knowledge
that there was no reasonable prospect of one’s ability to pay are both just
instances in which fraud might manifest itself. Proof of the former is not the
only way to prove an intent to defraud. In the present case, the relevant
question under s 340(1) of the CA remained whether the evidence proved that IL
had entered into the main charterparties with an intent to defraud the
appellant, with dishonesty being the necessary element in an “intent to
defraud”.

18 That said, in our respectful view, the manner in which the Judge dealt with
the appellant’s two grounds in [101] of the Judgment was perhaps infelicitous.
It was clear to us that in reaching his conclusion that there was no intent to
defraud, the Judge did not restrict himself to only the question as to whether
the appellant had proved that IL had no intent to pay the appellant. First,
the Judge correctly directed himself on the relevant legal principles, which
were clearly broader in scope. He was cognisant of the Court of Appeal’s
explanation in Tang Yoke Kheng at [7] of the passage from Grantham at 681
(Judgment at [96]; see also [14]–[15] above). He concluded that: (a) there
could be no intent to defraud unless there was dishonesty resulting in the
deception of an innocent party; (b) what had to be proved was a subjectively
held dishonest intent; and (c) an intent to defraud could be proved by
circumstantial evidence (Judgment at [98]). The Judge also reminded himself
that the appellant’s allegation of fraud had to be tested against all the
available evidence (Judgment at [99]). Most importantly, the Judge took the
view that an intent to defraud could be inferred from a finding that liability
had been incurred without any reasonable prospect of meeting it in full
(Judgment at [100]).

19 Second, the Judge considered the appellant’s argument that the inference to
be drawn from the evidence was that IL had no intent to pay the appellant if
BMI failed to pay IL (Judgment at [106]). This argument had to do with whether
there was a reasonable prospect of IL being able to pay the appellant rather
than whether IL had never intended to pay the appellant.

20 Third, the Judge also considered the appellant’s contention that BMI had no
reasonable prospect of paying IL enough for IL to discharge its contractual
obligations to the appellant (Judgment at [121]). Again, this contention had
to do with whether there was a reasonable prospect of IL being able to pay the
appellant.

21 In any event, for the reasons set out later in these grounds, the Judge’s
conclusion that there was no intent to defraud was well supported by the
evidence.

22 It was not necessary for us to decide whether, or under what circumstances,
reckless indifference (be it reckless indifference to whether the creditor
would be paid or reckless indifference to whether there were reasonable
prospects that the creditor would be paid) might be sufficient to prove
fraudulent intent under s 340(1) of the CA. In our view, again for the reasons
set out later in these grounds, the appellant would not have established
reckless indifference on IL’s part in any event.

23 We reiterate that what must be shown under s 340(1) of the CA is a
subjectively held intent to defraud. Such an intent requires proof of
dishonesty. Whether an intent to defraud has been proved is to be assessed
against all the relevant facts and evidence.

Whether the appellant had proved IL’s intent to defraud

24 It was not disputed that the appellant bore the burden of proving that IL
was trading fraudulently when IL entered into the main charterparties and that
the respondent was knowingly a party to IL’s fraudulent trading. It bears
emphasis that for purposes of s 340(1) of the CA, the intent to defraud must
have existed at the time when IL entered into the main charterparties.

25 The appellant relied on several points as evidence of IL’s intent to
defraud. However, the main thrust of the appellant’s case was that: (a) IL was
insolvent and had no independent means to pay the appellant; and (b) the
respondent knew that BMI was unable to pay its debts.

26 The Judge found that IL was insolvent on the balance sheet test but not on
the cash flow test. The appellant challenged the Judge’s conclusion that IL
was not insolvent on the cash flow test. However, it was not necessary for us
to decide whether IL was insolvent on the cash flow test. The respondent did
not dispute the Judge’s conclusion that his finding of insolvency on the
balance sheet test was sufficient for an overall finding of insolvency. It was
also clear that IL was, as the Judge described it, running hand-to-mouth
(Judgment at [103]). IL was relying on BMI’s payments under the
subcharterparties to pay the appellant under the main charterparties.

27 It could not be disputed that the main charterparties and the
subcharterparties were entered into as a back-to-back arrangement. We agreed
with the Judge that the mere fact that IL had depended on BMI’s payments under
the subcharterparties to pay the appellant in itself did not support a finding
that IL had intended to defraud the appellant. We disagreed with the
appellant’s submission that IL had dishonestly subjected the appellant to
speculative risks. This was not a case where the hire under the
subcharterparties was less than the hire under the main charterparties. As the
Judge noted, IL would earn enough under the subcharterparties not only to pay
the appellant but also to yield IL a gross profit of US$16,000 per 30 days
(Judgment at [109]). On the evidence, it was commercially unrealistic to
describe the risks in this case as speculative, much less as evidence of an
intent to defraud.

28 The appellant submitted that BMI’s ability to satisfy its debts was
doubtful because BMI had owed IL a debt of $35,568.75 since 2008. The
appellant argued that IL’s decision to enter into the main charterparties was
therefore dishonest. The Judge found no evidence that the respondent had
remembered this stale debt in July 2015 when he entered into the main
charterparties with the appellant on IL’s behalf (Judgment at [124]). We were
satisfied that the Judge’s finding in this regard was not plainly wrong. In
any event, the existence of this stale debt, without more, would not have been
sufficient to prove that BMI’s ability to pay its debts was doubtful, such as
to render IL’s reliance on the back-to-back arrangement dishonest.

29 One important fact in this case was that IL had made payments to the
appellant under the main charterparties, even as early as on 28 August 2015.
On 20 August 2015 and 24 August 2015, the appellant issued invoices to IL for
two months deposits for the two vessels (US$154,000) and advance hire for the
period 1 September 2015 to 30 September 2015 (US$77,000) respectively. On 28
August 2015, IL paid the appellant US$77,000 in respect of the September 2015
hire (“the first hire”). The appellant applied this payment towards the
deposits. Between 28 September 2015 and 27 November 2015, the appellant issued
three invoices (totalling US$231,000) for the next three months of hire,
namely, the second, third and fourth hire. On 10 December 2015, IL paid the
appellant US$100,000; the appellant applied part of this towards the amount
outstanding on the deposits and the balance towards the first hire. The
appellant issued invoices for the fifth and sixth months of hire on 28
December 2015 and 22 January 2016 respectively. On 3 February 2016, IL paid
the appellant US$77,000, which the appellant applied towards payment of the
amount outstanding on the first hire and part-payment of the second hire.
Although IL was not prompt in making payment, the fact that it had made these
payments, in particular the payment for the very first hire and the payments
towards the deposits, was clearly inconsistent with an intent to defraud.

30 The Judge also found that when disputes arose over the condition of the
vessels, the respondent had travelled to the Maldives to help resolve the
issues with BMI. While the appellant questioned this finding, it did not
adduce evidence from its own representative, Mr Lawrence Lim, who also went to
the Maldives at about the same time, to show otherwise. We agreed with the
Judge that the respondent’s conduct in helping to resolve issues with BMI was
inconsistent with an intent to defraud the appellant (Judgment at [138]).

31 The appellant pointed out that IL had used part of the moneys received from
BMI not to pay the appellant, but to repay the respondent’s loans to IL.
Between September 2015 and February 2016, IL used part of the payments made by
BMI to make seven payments totalling about $50,000 to the respondent, as
repayment towards loans that the respondent had made to IL. The appellant
accepted that such a preference in favour of the respondent would not, without
more, amount to fraudulent intent. The appellant relied on the payments to the
respondent as further evidence of IL’s intent to defraud. On the facts of this
case, we did not think that this piece of evidence took the appellant’s case
any further.

32 In its skeletal submissions, the appellant also argued that IL had
defaulted on payment of the first hire when the main charterparties were
signed and that such a default was evidence of IL’s fraudulent intent. The
basis for this argument was the appellant’s contention that, under the main
charterparties, the first hire was payable in advance, on the date that the
main charterparties were signed. We rejected the appellant’s argument.

33 First, this argument was not raised in the Appellant’s Case. Second, it was
not raised before the Judge; in fact, it was not even part of the appellant’s
pleaded case. Third, we disagreed with the appellant’s interpretation of the
main charterparties. Although the main charterparties did provide for the
payment of hire in advance, on the first day of each month, they also stated
clearly that IL was to pay the hire for each vessel commencing from the date
of the delivery of the vessel. The appellant also accepted that the deposits
were payable only upon delivery of the vessels; it did not make sense that the
first hire would have been payable earlier, upon the signing of the main
charterparties. Further, each of the main charterparties provided that IL
could cancel the main charterparty if the vessel was not delivered within
seven days of the agreed delivery date. The appellant’s interpretation was
inconsistent with such a provision. Fourth, and in any event, the appellant
did not issue its invoice for the first hire for both vessels until August
2015, some three weeks or so after the main charterparties were signed. Even
assuming that the first hire was payable when the main charterparties were
signed, the fact that IL did not make payment immediately was neither here nor
there, especially since: (a) the appellant did not issue its invoice for the
same until some three weeks later; and (b) IL did make payment of a sum
equivalent to the first hire shortly after receiving the appellant’s invoice
(see [29] above).

34 The Appellant’s Case and the Appellant’s Skeletal Submissions referred to
some other allegations which the appellant submitted were indicia of an intent
to defraud. Some of these allegations related to events that happened after
the main charterparties had been entered into. We did not find it necessary to
deal with these allegations in any detail. In our view, they did not assist
the appellant in proving IL’s intent to defraud.

35 In our judgment, the Judge’s conclusion that the appellant had failed to
prove that IL had intended to defraud it, was not against the weight of the
evidence or plainly wrong. We agreed with the Judge that the respondent had
subjectively believed in July 2015 that the back-to-back arrangement would
enable IL to pay the appellant (Judgment at [113]). This was simply a case of
a genuine commercial transaction gone wrong. BMI stopped paying IL under the
subcharterparties as a result of the disputes over the condition of the
vessels. This resulted in IL being unable to pay the appellant under the main
charterparties.

Conclusion

36 For the above reasons, we dismissed the appeal. We also noted that the
Judge made certain findings relating to procedural requirements under s 340(1)
of the CA. Suffice it for us to say that those findings were not issues in
this appeal.

37 We ordered the appellant to pay the respondent costs of the appeal fixed at
$40,000 inclusive of disbursements, with the usual consequential orders.

Belinda Ang Saw Ean  
Judge of the Appellate Division| Woo Bih Li  
Judge of the Appellate Division  
---|---  
Chua Lee Ming  
Judge of the High Court|  
  
Andrew Chan Chee Yin (Allen & Gledhill LLP) (instructed), Clarence Lun
Yaodong, Simone Bamapriya Chettiar and Chua Qin En (Fervent Chambers LLC) for
the appellant;

Anil Murkoth Changaroth and Lim Muhammad Syafiq (ChangAroth Chambers LLC) for
the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 14 Dec 2021 (16:03 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

