Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC 95

Registrar’s Appeal (State Courts) No 1 of 2021 and Summons No 1006 of 2021

Between

| Mukeswara Muniandy  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

| Muhammad Sufi bin Mohamed Sudar  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

GROUNDS OF DECISION

[Damages] — [Assessment]

[Civil Procedure] — [Appeals]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Mukeswara Muniandy

  
v

  

Muhammad Sufi bin Mohamed Sudar

[2021] SGHC 95

General Division of the High Court — Registrar’s Appeal (State Courts) No 1 of
2021 and Summons No 1006 of 2021

Andre Maniam JC  
4 March 2021

22 April 2021

Andre Maniam JC:

Introduction

1 On an appeal against an assessment of damages, should fresh evidence as to
matters after the assessment be admitted?

2 This appears to be a recurring issue: it was also in issue in HC/RAS
19/2020, which I heard less than half a year ago. It may thus be opportune to
review the applicable principles.

Applicable principles

The Ladd v Marshall rule

3 The rule in Ladd v Marshall [1954] 1 WLR 1489 generally prescribes
conditions for the adducing of fresh evidence on appeal. Denning LJ (as he
then was) stated it as follows (at 1491):

[t]o justify the reception of fresh evidence or a new trial, three conditions
must be fulfilled: first, it must be shown that the evidence could not have
been obtained with reasonable diligence for use at the trial; secondly, the
evidence must be such that, if given, it would probably have an important
influence on the result of the case, though it need not be decisive; thirdly,
the evidence must be such as is presumably to be believed, or in other words,
it must be apparently credible, though it need not be incontrovertible.

[emphasis added]

4 In Anan Group (Singapore) Pte Ltd v VTB Bank (Public Joint Stock Co) [2019]
2 SLR 341 (“Anan Group”), the Court of Appeal held that the Ladd v Marshall
rule is to be applied contextually, in a nuanced manner. Cases should be
analysed as lying on a spectrum. On one end of the spectrum, where the appeal
was against a judgment after a trial or a hearing having the full
characteristics of a trial, the rule should generally be applied in its full
rigour. On the other end, where the hearing was not upon the merits at all,
the rule served as a guideline which the court was entitled but not obliged to
refer to. For cases in the middle of the spectrum, it was for the court to
determine the extent to which the first condition of the rule, viz, non-
availability, should be applied strictly, having regard to the nature of the
proceedings (see Anan Group at [35]).

5 The Ladd v Marshall rule furthers the interests of finality in litigation,
and the fair administration of justice (Anan Group at [23]-[26]).
Nevertheless, the court has an unfettered discretion to act as the interests
of justice require (Anan Group at [31], [35] and [37]–[38]).

Fresh evidence on appeals against assessments of damages

6 Our courts have been strict about the adducing of further evidence on an
appeal against an assessment of damages.

7 The High Court in Lassiter Ann Masters v To Keng Lam (alias Toh Jeanette)
[2003] 3 SLR(R) 666 (“Lassiter (HC)”) applied the Ladd v Marshall rule to a
registrar’s appeal from an assessment of damages, and declined to allow fresh
evidence. On appeal, the Court of Appeal held that a judge in chambers hearing
a registrar’s appeal exercises confirmatory and not appellate jurisdiction: as
such, it was not appropriate to impose the stringent first condition of non-
availability of the Ladd v Marshall rule (see Lassiter Ann Masters v To Keng
Lam (alias Toh Jeanette) [2004] 2 SLR(R) 392 (“Lassiter (CA)”) at [10] and
[22]–[26]). Sufficiently strong reasons must nevertheless be shown why the new
evidence was not adduced at first instance (Lassiter (CA) at [24]). The Court
of Appeal upheld the High Court’s decision not to allow the fresh evidence.

8 Between Lassiter Ann (HC) and Lassiter Ann (CA), the High Court decided Ang
Leng Hock v Leo Ee Ah [2004] 2 SLR(R) 361 (“Ang Leng Hock”) where the court
found, on a registrar’s appeal from an assessment of damages, that neither the
first nor second conditions of the Ladd v Marshall rule were met (Ang Leng
Hock at [16]). In any event, the court declined to exercise its discretion to
allow the fresh evidence, which would go only to credit, would not add much to
the case, and which, if allowed, would result in more expense and delay than
the evidential value of the new evidence was worth (at [17]). The court noted
that, as an assessment had the characteristics of a trial, the court should
not allow further evidence to be freely adduced on appeal (at [15]). The Court
of Appeal in Lassiter (CA) agreed with this, stating that the parties should,
as a rule, “present their entire evidence at the assessment” (at [20]; see
also Anan Group ([4] above) at [33]).

9 Lassiter and Ang Leng Hock did not, however, concern fresh evidence as to
matters after the assessment. That scenario was considered in Tan Sia Boo v
Ong Chiang Kwong [2007] 4 SLR(R) 298 (“Tan Sia Boo”), where the defendant
sought to adduce further evidence of a surveillance video taken after the
assessment, and medical expert evidence commenting on that video.

10 The plaintiff contended that the post-assessment video was (by definition)
not available at the time of the assessment, and so the non-availability
criterion of the Ladd v Marshall rule was satisfied. However, the court noted
that surveillance could have been done before the assessment, for use during
the assessment (Tan Sia Boo at [3]). The court stated that it was not
sufficient to say that the fresh evidence would show that the plaintiff’s
disability (which formed the subject of the damages assessment) was not as
serious as that found at the assessment when there were no attempts to have a
video recording of this nature at the assessment (at [5]). Indeed, “[i]f fresh
evidence were to be permitted on this ground, every defendant will hope to
regard this as a precedent for him to produce post-hearing surveillance
evidence” (Tan Sia Boo at [5]). Accordingly, the court did not allow the fresh
evidence to be adduced.

11 The House of Lords decision in Mulholland and another v Mitchell [1971] 1
AC 666 (“Mulholland v Mitchell”) also concerned fresh evidence sought to be
led as a result of developments after the damages assessment. The fresh
evidence was, however, allowed because of the exceptional circumstances of the
case. Damages had been assessed on the basis that it would be possible for the
plaintiff to be looked after at home, or at least in an ordinary nursing home.
The proposed fresh evidence was that after the assessment, the plaintiff’s
condition had unexpectedly deteriorated such that he had to be admitted to
hospital on an emergency basis; he was thereafter cared for at an authorised
psychiatric nursing home at double the cost of an ordinary nursing home
(Mulholland v Mitchell at 676). The English Court of Appeal exercised its
discretion to allow the fresh evidence, and that decision was upheld by the
House of Lords.

12 The House of Lords noted that damages are assessed “once for all” at the
time of the assessment, notwithstanding that uncertain matters as to the
future have to be taken into account (Mulholland v Mitchell at 674 and 676).
In exceptional cases, however, fresh evidence will be allowed. Their Lordships
variously expressed this as follows: “a dramatic change of circumstances” (per
Lord Hodson at 675, with Lord Diplock agreeing at 682); “events after the
trial have falsified [the basis on which damages were assessed]” (per Viscount
Dilhorne at 677); “[fresh evidence] may be admitted if some basic assumptions,
common to both sides, have clearly been falsified by subsequent events” (per
Lord Wilberforce at 679–680); an “exceptional [situation] … [where] events
[have] happened which very materially falsified the expectations on which the
judge had assessed the damages” (per Lord Pearson at 681).

13 Lord Wilberforce also said: “[p]ositively … it may be expected that courts
will allow fresh evidence when to refuse it would affront common sense, or a
sense of justice” (Mulholland v Mitchell at 680). That was cited by the High
Court in Chan Fook Kee v Chan Siew Fong [2001] 2 SLR(R) 143 at [9], and by the
Court of Appeal in Anan Group ([4] above) at [38].

14 It is noteworthy that the recognition in Mulholland v Mitchell that fresh
evidence as to post-assessment matters will only be allowed in exceptional
cases, stems from the principle that damages are assessed on a “once for all”
basis.

15 In Noble v Owens [2010] 1 WLR 2491, the case before the English Court of
Appeal concerned an assessment, the basis of which was that the plaintiff’s
mobility was severely restricted and would remain so; he was dependent on
crutches and a wheelchair; and he would never work again, and would require
much assistance with daily living (at [1]). Some months after the assessment,
however, the plaintiff was filmed walking about without the aid of crutches or
a walking stick, driving a dumper truck, sawing wood and moving a number of
items, stretching and bending without apparent difficulty (at [2]). The
defendant insurers applied for the post-assessment films of the plaintiff to
be admitted as fresh evidence, and counsel for the plaintiff accepted that
this fresh evidence should be admitted (at [4]). As to how to proceed, the
court held that the issue of whether the plaintiff had defrauded the court
should first be tried: if the allegation of fraud were rejected, the original
award would stand; but if fraud were proved, then the damages should be
reassessed (at [30], [60]-[61], [67] and [71]-[73]).

16 Noble v Owens illustrates that fresh evidence as to post-assessment matters
will only be admitted in exceptional cases.

My decision

17 In the present case, the assessment of damages by a State Courts registrar
had been upheld by a district judge in chambers. That was appealed to the High
Court. Just two days prior to the hearing of the appeal, the appellant applied
for the court to appoint a medical expert to opine on his current medical
condition and whether he needed further physiotherapy.

18 As to the first condition of the Ladd v Marshall rule (viz, non-
availability), there was no good explanation why the appointment of a court-
appointed expert was not sought at an earlier stage in the proceedings. While
there was conflicting medical evidence, if the existence of conflicting
medical evidence were a sufficient basis for the court to appoint yet another
expert (as the appellant suggested), that could have been applied for before
damages were assessed.

19 As to the second condition of the Ladd v Marshall rule (viz, relevance),
the appellant could not say the evidence would probably have an important
influence on the result of the case. No one knew what a court-appointed expert
might say about the appellant’s condition – his opinion might well fall within
the range of the medical opinions already in evidence, and not be significant.
Even if there were some difference between the new expert’s opinion on the
appellant’s current condition and what had been canvassed at the assessment
about the appellant’s condition then, that would not be grounds for varying
the assessment, or for putting in a fresh expert opinion for the appeal. As
Lord Wilberforce stated in Mulholland v Mitchell ([11] above) (at 679):

… an impossible situation would arise if evidence were to be admitted of every
change which may have taken place since the trial. In the nature of things
medical condition will vary from year to year, or month to month; earning
prospects may change, prices may rise or even fall. If the [appellate court]
were to admit evidence of changes of this kind (and it must not be overlooked
that a facility given to one side cannot be denied to the other), not only
would a mass of appeals involve the hearing of evidence but the [appellate
court] would merely be faced with the same uncertainties as faced the judge,
and of which the judge has, ex hypothesi, already taken account. In other
words, an appellant’s contention that factors such as these have changed since
the trial must, in normal cases, be met with the answer that the judge, in his
estimate, has already taken account of them.

20 The appellant did not suggest that the fresh evidence would be a dramatic
change from what was before the assessing registrar, as was the case in
Mulholland v Mitchell and Noble v Owens ([11] and [15] above). He simply hoped
that the new expert might side with his present expert, and thereby sway the
appellate court to vary the assessment in his favour.

Conclusion

21 Damages are assessed “once for all” at the time of the assessment. Given
the objectives of finality in litigation and the fair administration of
justice, fresh evidence on appeal as to matters after the assessment will only
be allowed in exceptional cases.

22 This was not at all an exceptional case justifying fresh evidence as to
post-assessment matters. Accordingly, I dismissed the application for the
appointment of a court expert. I also dismissed the appeal.

Andre Maniam  
Judicial Commissioner|  
---|---  
  
Melissa Kor (Optimus Chambers LLC) for the appellant;

Devendarajah Vivekananda (Comlaw LLC) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 22 Apr 2021 (14:16 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

