Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the FAMILY JUSTICE COURTS of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHCF 35

Registrar’s Appeal from the Family Justice Courts No 18 of 2021

Summons No 266 of 2021

Between

VWW

… Appellant

And

VWX

… Respondent

Grounds of Decision

[Family Law] — [Procedure] — [Abridgement of time to enter final judgment]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
VWW

  
v

  

VWX and another matter

[2021] SGHCF 35

General Division of the High Court (Family Division) — Registrar’s Appeal from
the Family Justice Courts No 18 of 2021 and Summons No 266 of 2021  
Choo Han Teck J  
20 October 2021

22 October 2021.

Choo Han Teck J:

1 The wife filed for divorce on 2 November 2020 and the interim judgment was
made on 4 March 2021. The ancillary matters have not been disposed of, and the
main contention appears to be the disagreement over the value of the husband’s
motor-workshop. The valuers have not completed their assessment. The husband
and wife were married on 18 March 2012. There are no children to the marriage.

2 On 8 June 2021 the husband applied under Rule 96(3)(a) of the Family Justice
Rules to enter Final Judgment notwithstanding that the ancillary matters are
outstanding. The grounds of his application are that the husband’s girlfriend
had given birth to a child by him on 7 May 2020, and she is presently pregnant
with their second child. The baby is due in a two months’ time.

3 Counsel for the husband submitted that the girlfriend and her child are not
Singapore citizens and they needed to show the immigration authorities that
the child’s father is a Singaporean in order that the girlfriend and the child
be allowed to remain in Singapore. Since the husband is still married to the
wife until the interim judgment is made final, the husband filed this
application for an abridgement of time to enter final judgment.

4 The application was dismissed, and the appeal to the DJ was also dismissed.
The husband then appeals before me. His counsel contended that there have been
cases in which the court had permitted such an abridgement in order that the
applicant could remarry and thus save their child from illegitimacy.

5 At the hearing below, counsel for the wife submitted that the husband had
not proved that he was the father of his girlfriend’s child, as well as the
one she is currently carrying. He also submitted that there was no proof that
he needed to legitimize the child for her and her mother to remain in
Singapore. Hence, the husband applied to adduce further evidence by way of an
affidavit by his girlfriend stating that he is the father of the child and
that he would be marrying her upon his divorce. The husband says that he is
not well-to-do as he earns only $1,400 a month.

6 Counsel for the husband also submitted that the immigration status of the
girlfriend and her child depend on the husband marrying her and thus
legitimizing the child as well as the child-to-be. Counsel relied on the
website of the Immigration Authority for the proposition she advanced. Counsel
must realise that the website of any person, company, or even government body,
is not proof of any alleged fact other than the fact that the website carries
the statement adduced. Not only might the website be out-of-date, the
statements might be subject to a range of exceptions and internal guidelines.
In any event, my decision does not depend on the veracity or truth of the
husband’s claims. I will assume that the girlfriend’s child and child-to-be
were fathered by the husband. I can also assume that as a foreigner the
girlfriend’s immigration status is tenuous.

7 Nonetheless, those are not sufficient reasons to enter the final judgment in
this case. There may be exceptional cases in which a court may exercise its
discretion to enter final judgment even though the ancillaries have not been
resolved, but this case is not one of them. His child with his girlfriend is
almost a year and a half. Another child is due in a couple of months. Not only
is this a case in which he and the wife had lived separate and apart for a
long enough time that the husband might have been justified in starting his
life anew in spite of the interim judgment not having been made final. The
wife here contends that she had no knowledge of the girlfriend or of her
having children with the husband.

8 The abridgement of time for the final judgment is a discretionary order with
equity as a guide. Without moralizing on extramarital affairs, the court may
at the least, hold that a husband who has kept his extramarital affairs for as
long as this husband, cannot be indulged with a final order just so that he
can keep his girlfriend in Singapore. He is free to legitimise his children,
by s 3(1) of the Legitimacy Act (Cap 162, 1985 Rev Ed) after the event after
his divorce is fully and properly concluded.

9 For the reasons above, this appeal is dismissed. I made no order on his
pointless application for further evidence and will hear the question of costs
for both matters at a later date if parties are unable to agree costs.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge of the High Court  
---  
  
Alina Sim Jin Simm (Axis Law Corporation) for the Appellant;  
Nicholas Leow Zhi Wei (Netto & Magin LLC) for the Respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 25 Oct 2021 (09:45 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

