Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

the high court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC 44

Suit No 307 of 2019

Between

| Ting Jun Heng  
---|---  
|  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Yap Kok Hua  
---|---  
(2)| Ng Li Ning  
  
… Defendants

GROUNDS OF DECISION

[Tort] — [Negligence] — [Contributory negligence]

[Damages] — [Computation]

[Damages] — [Contributory negligence]

* * *

Ting Jun Heng v Yap Kok Hua and another

[2021] SGHC 44

High Court — Suit No 307 of 2019  
Aedit Abdullah J  
16–19 June, 2 October 2020

25 February 2021

Aedit Abdullah J:

Introduction

1 The second defendant in this case has appealed against my decision in the
liability phase of the proceedings, where I found that the second defendant
was 35% liable for the harm caused to the plaintiff.

2 The plaintiff was a passenger, with others, aboard a taxi driven by the
first defendant. While the first defendant was executing a right turn at a
junction, the vehicle driven by the second defendant, who had priority as the
lights were in his favour, collided with the taxi, causing injury to the
plaintiff and some other passengers, and unfortunately, the death of one of
them.

3 Brief remarks were conveyed earlier. These are my full grounds.

The background

4 In the evening of 19 April 2018, the plaintiff, together with three fellow
passengers, took a taxi driven by the first defendant, from Clementi Mall to
the National University of Singapore (“NUS”). 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

First Defendant’s AEIC dated 30 September 2019, paragraphs 3 and 4.

The taxi stopped at the junction between Commonwealth Avenue West and Clementi
Road to turn right onto Clementi Road in the direction of the Ayer Rajah
Expressway. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

First Defendant’s AEIC dated 30 September 2019, paragraphs 7, 8 and 10.

A discretionary right turn could be made at the junction at the material time.
3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Second Defendant’s Written Submissions dated 21 August 2020, paragraph 8.

5 The taxi was in one of two right-turning lanes at the junction, 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

First Defendant’s Closing Submissions dated 21 August 2020, paragraph 6; First
Defendant’s AEIC dated 30 September 2019, paragraph 8.

before moving into its respective turning pocket. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

First Defendant’s AEIC dated 30 September 2019, paragraph 11.

When the vehicle to the taxi’s left (“Unknown Vehicle”) moved to execute the
discretionary right turn, the first defendant also chose to make the turn. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

First Defendant’s AEIC dated 30 September 2019, paragraph 12.

Tragically, the first defendant’s taxi was hit by the second defendant’s
vehicle, 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

First Defendant’s AEIC dated 30 September 2019, paragraph 13.

which was going straight through the junction above the speed limit of 70
km/h. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Second Defendant’s AEIC dated 4 October 2019, paragraph 8; NE 17 June 2020,
page 43 at lines 14 to 30, and page 44 at lines 24 to 30.

The traffic lights were in the second defendant’s favour, 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Second Defendant’s AEIC dated 4 October 2019, paragraph 8.

and he had seen the Unknown Vehicle making the turn, 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Second Defendant’s AEIC dated 4 October 2019, paragraph 9.

but apparently did not see the taxi next to that Unknown Vehicle until it was
too late. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Second Defendant’s AEIC dated 4 October 2019, paragraph 10.

6 One of the passengers in the first defendant’s taxi died. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC dated 27 September 2019, paragraph 5 and page 15.

The plaintiff and two other passengers were injured. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC dated 27 September 2019, page 19.

The first defendant was charged with a number of offences, 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC dated 27 September 2019, page 14 – 33.

including a charge under Rule 5 of the Road Traffic (Motor Vehicles, Wearing
of Seat Belts) Rules 2011 (S 688/2011) for failing to ensure that his rear
seat passengers were belted up (“Seat Belt Offence”). 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC dated 27 September 2019, page 29.

He pleaded guilty to two of the charges, with other charges, including the
Seat Belt Offence, taken into consideration for sentencing. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

First Defendant’s AEIC dated 30 September 2019, paragraphs 17 – 18.

The second defendant’s criminal matters were still ongoing at the time of the
trial before me.

7 The plaintiff claimed damages against the first and second defendants for
negligence in the driving of their vehicles. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Plaintiff’s Statement of Claim dated 21 March 2019, paragraphs 5 – 6.

The trial before me was on liability only, with the precise quantum of damages
to be determined subsequently.

8 At trial, reliance was placed on the testimony of the various witnesses, but
particularly also on video evidence which came from various sources. The
primary dispute was on the care which had to be exercised by the second
defendant, who was the driver going straight. It was not disputed by the first
defendant that he had been negligent in executing the turn. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

First Defendant’s Closing Submissions dated 21 August 2020, paragraph 147.

The key issue was the apportionment of liability as between him and the second
defendant, and a secondary issue was whether the plaintiff had indeed used his
seatbelt.

The parties’ cases

Summary of the plaintiff’s case

9 The plaintiff argued that in respect of the apportionment between the
defendants, the second defendant bore some substantial responsibility, albeit
to a lesser extent than the first defendant, as he did not slow down when he
approached the junction, and failed to keep a proper lookout. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions dated 17 August 2020, paragraphs 26 – 27.

The focus of the plaintiff’s arguments was on refuting any contributory
negligence; in particular, it was argued that it had not been proven that the
plaintiff was not wearing a seatbelt when the accident occurred. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions dated 17 August 2020, paragraph 14.

Summary of the first defendant’s case

10 Broadly, the first defendant’s counsel argued that the second defendant was
proceeding at an exceedingly high speed in the circumstances. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

First Defendant’s Closing Submissions dated 21 August 2020, paragraph 21.

Between the two defendants, it was argued by the first defendant that the
apportionment, leaving aside the plaintiff’s contributory negligence, would be
55 to 60% on the first defendant, and 40 to 45% on the second defendant. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

First Defendant’s Closing Submissions dated 21 August 2020, paragraph 150.

Summary of the second defendant’s case

11 On the other hand, the second defendant argued that after taking into
account contributory negligence on the part of the plaintiff (if any), the
apportionment should be 85% on the first defendant and 15% on the second
defendant. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Second Defendant’s Written Submissions dated 21 August 2020, paragraph 168.

Even though he was speeding, the first defendant was much more blameworthy
because the latter blindly followed the Unknown Vehicle in making the right
turn, 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Second Defendant’s Written Submissions dated 21 August 2020, paragraphs 76 and
117(b).

thereby causing an unavoidable collision between the first and second
defendants’ vehicles. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Second Defendant’s Written Submissions dated 21 August 2020, paragraph 126.

12 The two defendants both argued that there was contributory negligence by
the plaintiff as he had failed to wear his seatbelt. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

First Defendant’s Closing Submissions dated 21 August 2020, paragraph 109;
Second Defendant’s Written Submissions dated 21 August 2020, paragraph 37.

The Decision

13 There was no controversy that the primary liability lay with the
defendants. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

First Defendant’s Closing Submissions dated 21 August 2020, paragraph 149;
Second Defendant’s Closing Submissions dated 21 August 2020, paragraph 169.

There was, I found, no contributory negligence on the part of the plaintiff,
as on what was before me, the plaintiff had worn his seatbelt.

14 Between the first and second defendant, I found, weighing their respective
actions and omissions, that the first defendant bore the greater part of
responsibility, at 65% liability, and the second defendant at 35%.

Analysis

15 The primary issues were:

(a) the respective liabilities of the two defendants, considering in
particular the experts’ opinions concerning the speed of the second
defendant’s vehicle up to and at the point of collision; and

(b) whether there was contributory negligence by the plaintiff in not wearing
his seatbelt.

The first defendant’s liability

16 A greater degree of responsibility certainly lay on the first defendant,
which was not disputed by his counsel. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

First Defendant’s Closing Submissions dated 21 August 2020, paragraphs 147 and
150.

The first defendant was executing a discretionary right turn, 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

First Defendant’s AEIC dated 30 September 2019, paragraph 12.

with the traffic lights in favour of oncoming traffic. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Second Defendant’s AEIC dated 4 October 2019, paragraph 8.

Priority lay with those vehicles going straight. Accordingly, it was incumbent
upon the first defendant to keep a proper lookout, and exercise prudent
judgment in executing the turn. If there was any doubt about whether it was
safe to turn, the first defendant should have either waited for oncoming
traffic to clear, or waited for it to stop and the right turn green arrow
traffic lights to come on. He, however, failed to do so. He simply followed
the Unknown Vehicle next to him, 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

NE 16 June 2020, page 78 at lines 23 to 24.

which turned, but fortunately did not collide with any oncoming traffic.

17 The second defendant referred to the first defendant’s changing position as
to what the first defendant allegedly saw and did at the junction. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Second Defendant’s Written Submissions dated 21 August 2020, paragraphs 44 –
71.

It is sufficient to note at this point that the inference to be drawn from the
video evidence showing the movement of the relevant vehicles is that there was
want of due care on the part of the first defendant, and that the first
defendant failed to keep a proper lookout. The primary responsibility for the
collision could not be laid at the door of the second defendant’s speeding.

The second defendant’s liability

18 The level of responsibility to be ascribed to the second defendant was
consequent on, primarily, the degree to which he exercised a proper lookout,
as well as the speed at which he was travelling. In respect of the latter,
while the two experts agreed that the second defendant was speeding, 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents dated 31 March 2020, page 151 at paragraph 167,
page 268 at paragraphs [8.32] – [8.33] and page 315 at paragraph [19a].

and it was not disputed by the second defendant himself that he had been
travelling over the speed limit, 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

NE 17 June 2020, page 43 at lines 14 to 30.

a finding should nonetheless be made by the Court.

The speed at which the second defendant was travelling

19 In determining the second defendant’s speed up to and at the point of
collision, I considered the views of the two experts. I accept that each of
the experts was well-qualified to testify in respect of the collision between
the vehicles. While the second defendant took issue with the expertise of the
first defendant’s expert, 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

NE 18 June 2020, page 14 at line 7 to page 28 at line 10.

I found, having examined his formal qualifications and experience, that he was
qualified within the meaning of Section 47(2) of the Evidence Act (Cap 97,
1997 Rev Ed) (“Evidence Act”) to give an expert opinion.

(1) The first defendant’s arguments

20 The first defendant’s expert witness gave his opinion that the second
defendant was driving at 88 to 93 km/h, 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

First Defendant’s Closing Submissions dated 21 August 2020, paragraph 27.

in excess of the speed limit. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

First Defendant’s Closing Submissions dated 21 August 2020, paragraph 121b.

This was derived from momentum exchange calculations, which the first
defendant argued was to be preferred to an analysis of the video footages. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

First Defendant’s Closing Submissions dated 21 August 2020, paragraphs 90 –
91.

The videos’ low frame rate, poor contrast and fish-eye effect, coupled with
how small the second defendant’s vehicle seemed at some parts of the video, 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

First Defendant’s Closing Submissions dated 21 August 2020, paragraph 47.

made it difficult to assess the precise time at which the impact occurred, 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

First Defendant’s Closing Submissions dated 21 August 2020, paragraph 50.

thereby compromising the accuracy of speed calculations that relied on video
analyses. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

First Defendant’s Closing Submissions dated 21 August 2020, paragraph 53.

(2) The second defendant’s arguments

21 The second defendant’s expert analysed video footage from one source to
derive the speed of the second defendant’s vehicle, which in his opinion was
between 74 and 87 km/h. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents dated 31 March 2020, page 268 at paragraphs [8.32]
– [8.33].

When the second defendant’s expert was subsequently given a video recorded by
cameras maintained by the Land Transport Authority, this video led him to
conclude that the average speed up to impact was 82 km/h. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents dated 31 March 2020, page 315 at paragraph [19a].

22 The second defendant submitted that the court need not choose between the
differing expert opinions in determining the appropriate apportionment, 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Second Defendant’s Written Submissions dated 21 August 2020, paragraph 91.

because the difference was not large and there was no dispute that the second
defendant was driving above the speed limit. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Second Defendant’s Written Submissions dated 21 August 2020, paragraphs 92 –
93.

However, should the court have to do so, the second defendant’s expert opinion
should be preferred. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Second Defendant’s Written Submissions dated 21 August 2020, paragraph 96.

In his momentum exchange calculations, the first defendant’s expert made
assumptions about multiple variables, 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Second Defendant’s Written Submissions dated 21 August 2020, paragraphs 100
and 101(d).

and relied on a forensic map which was created by a third party who was not
called to give evidence. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Second Defendant’s Written Submissions dated 21 August 2020, paragraph 101(a).

The first defendant’s expert also relied on third party data to verify the
accuracy of this forensic map. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Second Defendant’s Written Submissions dated 21 August 2020, paragraph 101(a).

Additionally, there were concerns about the coefficient of friction employed
by the first defendant’s expert, 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Second Defendant’s Written Submissions dated 21 August 2020, paragraph 101(b).

as well as uncertainty over which tyre marks had been deposited by which
vehicle, and the latter would in turn affect the vehicles’ post-impact
departure angles in the first defendant’s expert’s calculations. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Second Defendant’s Written Submissions dated 21 August 2020, paragraph 101(c).

(3) Determination of the second defendant’s speed

23 The expert witnesses used different methods to analyse the collision and
the events leading up to it, arriving at different speeds for the vehicle
driven by the second defendant. As shown above, that difference was not
substantial, and the second defendant submitted that the finding on the actual
speed of the second defendant’s car would not affect the findings on relative
liability. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Second Defendant’s Written Submissions dated 21 August 2020, at paragraph 91.

Nonetheless, for the record, I made an express finding on the opinions
expressed.

24 I accepted that either method adopted might give a credible and reliable
opinion. The first defendant’s expert used calculations based on the momentum
and relative positions of the vehicles to derive that the likely speed at
which the second defendant’s vehicle was travelling at, up to and at the point
of collision, was in the range of 88 to 93 km/h. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents dated 31 March 2020, pages 133 and 151.

In contrast, the second defendant’s expert analysed the video footages and
assessed that the speed of the second defendant’s vehicle was between 74 to 87
km/h, 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Second Defendant’s Written Submissions dated 21 August 2020, paragraph 90(b).

with an average speed determined to be at 82 km/h. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Second Defendant’s Written Submissions dated 21 August 2020, paragraph 90(c).

Video analysis was also used by the Health Sciences Authority (“HSA”), but
while its report was before the Court, that evidence was not tested through a
cross-examination of its maker, and I thus was reluctant to place much weight
on it. For what it is worth, the speed determined by the HSA was about 92 to
97 km/h. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents dated 31 March 2020, page 94 at paragraph 26b.

25 The second defendant pointed out several errors made by the first
defendant’s expert, namely the direction of traffic for one of the roads at
the junction, 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Second Defendant’s Written Submissions dated 21 August 2020, paragraph 103(a).

as well as the figure for the coefficient of friction, 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Second Defendant’s Written Submissions dated 21 August 2020, paragraph 101(b).

which would influence the braking distance of the second defendant’s vehicle.
The errors were not, however, such as to lead me to reject the first
defendant’s expert’s opinion. These were relatively minor and did not affect
his credibility as a whole.

26 The choice between the two opinions came down to an assessment of which was
more reliable in the specific circumstances of this case, particularly given
the constraints on the real and objective evidence used in the respective
analyses, as well as the assumptions made.

27 On the facts, I found that the momentum exchange analysis was less
reliable, and that the video analysis, while suffering from some shortcomings,
was to be preferred. Some of the assumptions underlying the momentum exchange
analysis, which rendered it less reliable, were as follows:

(a) The forensic mapping was assumed to be accurate. The momentum exchange
analysis required an accurate determination of the vehicles’ positions, 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents dated 31 March 2020, page 133 at paragraph 62.

so that speed and momentum could be reliably calculated. There were, however,
concerns about the forensic mapping here. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

NE 18 June 2020, page 29 at line 17 to page 31 at line 23.

(b) The relative weights of the vehicles were assumed. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

NE 18 June 2020, page 49 at lines 4 to 8, page 53 at line 28 to page 54 at
line 10; Agreed Bundle of Documents dated 31 March 2020, page 184 at paragraph
5.

This was a function of the weight of the persons in the vehicles at the
material time, other baggage or loads, and even the fuel carried. Although the
variation might not be that great, it would seem that on the facts of this
case, the figures derived might be subject to too many contingencies for the
momentum exchange analysis to be preferred.

28 The video evidence suffered from some deficiencies too. The resolution of
the images was not that high. The frame rate was also not ideal. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents dated 31 March 2020, page 139 at paragraph 99.

Nonetheless, upon comparing the concerns surrounding the video analysis and
momentum exchange analysis, I concluded that the video evidence here was more
reliable, and thus the video analysis was to be preferred.

29 I therefore accepted the evidence of the second defendant’s expert, who
concluded that the speed of the second defendant’s vehicle was 74 to 87 km/h,
with an average speed of 82 km/h. Even taking the lower speed within the
range, the second defendant was above the speed limit of 70 km/h, and
certainly was so in terms of his average speed.

The second defendant’s driving

30 Aside from the question of the second defendant’s speed, I found that the
second defendant failed to keep a proper lookout and otherwise drive with
proper care at the junction.

(1) The first defendant’s arguments

31 The second defendant had driven so fast that both the first defendant and
second defendant could not have taken evasive actions to avoid the collision.
63

##### Foot Note 63

×

First Defendant’s Closing Submissions dated 21 August 2020, paragraphs 13 and
121d.

To recap, the first defendant’s expert witness gave his opinion that the
second defendant was driving at 88 to 93 km/h, 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

First Defendant’s Closing Submissions dated 21 August 2020, paragraph 27.

in excess of the speed limit. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

First Defendant’s Closing Submissions dated 21 August 2020, paragraph 121b.

The second defendant should have travelled at a slower speed to perceive the
vehicles crossing his path, especially since he had an obstructed view of the
large and busy junction due to other turning vehicles. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

First Defendant’s Closing Submissions dated 21 August 2020, paragraphs 107 –
108.

It was also harder for the second defendant to see the traffic ahead due to an
interplay of lights from various sources. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

First Defendant’s Closing Submissions dated 21 August 2020, paragraph 137.

32 Given that the second defendant was approaching a large and busy junction
and the likelihood that there would be two turning lanes on the first
defendant’s side of the road, the second defendant should have braked upon
seeing the Unknown Vehicle turning, in anticipation that there will be other
turning vehicles. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

First Defendant’s Closing Submissions dated 21 August 2020, paragraphs 97 and
100.

Instead, the second defendant chose to take his chances and maintained his
excessive speed, 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

First Defendant’s Closing Submissions dated 21 August 2020, paragraph 100.

narrowly missing the Unknown Vehicle. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

First Defendant’s Closing Submissions dated 21 August 2020, paragraphs 101 –
105.

In this regard, the first defendant disagreed with the second defendant’s
expert evidence that the second defendant undertook heavy braking as it
entered the junction. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

First Defendant’s Closing Submissions dated 21 August 2020, paragraphs 65 –
89.

33 Furthermore, as the second defendant approached the junction, he did not
horn or flash, which would have alerted the first defendant to his presence.
72

##### Foot Note 72

×

First Defendant’s Closing Submissions dated 21 August 2020, paragraphs 118 and
121i.

34 Even though the second defendant had the right of way, he should still
exercise care as he approached the junction: 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

First Defendant’s Closing Submissions dated 21 August 2020, paragraph 119.

Asnah Binte Ab Rahman v Li Jian Lin [2016] SGCA 16 (“Asnah”). 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

First Defendant’s Closing Submissions dated 21 August 2020, paragraph 142.

(2) The second defendant’s arguments

35 The second defendant decided to maintain his speed as he entered the
junction because he had accurately assessed that the Unknown Vehicle would
clear his path in time. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Second Defendant’s Written Submissions dated 21 August 2020, paragraphs 125 –
126 and 164.

However, the first defendant, who was lurking behind the Unknown Vehicle,
suddenly appeared in front of him such that a collision was inevitable. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Second Defendant’s Written Submissions dated 21 August 2020, paragraph 126.

(3) Determination of the second defendant’s responsibility in driving

36 Having the right of way essentially means that other users should yield or
give way. However, having the right of way does not absolve that particular
road user of the need to exercise due care. All driving occurs, particularly
in urban Singapore, within an environment where there are risks to be managed,
and dangers to be aware of. Even a road user with lights in his or her favour
must still ensure that a proper lookout is kept, and enough reaction time
worked in so that accidents can be avoided with some reasonable effort. This
underlies various cases such as SBS Transit Ltd v Stafford Rosemary Anne Jane
(administratrix of the estate of Anthony John Stafford, deceased) [2007] 2
SLR(R) 211 (“Stafford”). I do not understand Ong Bee Nah v Won Siew Wan (Yong
Tian Choy, Third Party) [2005] 2 SLR(R) 455 to differ from this conclusion;
much will depend on the specific facts of each case, as was emphasised in
Stafford itself.

37 In exercising such care, a driver must take heed of other road users, and
adjust his speed lower if needed in the circumstances to reduce the risk of an
accident occurring. The degree and nature of attention will vary according to
the circumstances. A driver in the fastest lane on an expressway can usually
go at or close to the speed limit, but must, in particular, maintain a
sufficiently safe distance from the vehicle in front to slow down or stop if
something impedes traffic ahead of him. A driver in an area with crowds of
pedestrians or near a school would need to exercise caution to allow enough
reaction time should a pedestrian or cyclist cross into his path suddenly.

38 Generally, a driver having priority or right of way can exercise it, but
must be mindful that other users may not observe the rules and be able to
react to such other users accordingly. Having the right of way does not equate
to a licence to collide with another road user in exercising that right.

39 At a busy junction, a vehicle going straight with the traffic lights in its
favour can continue to move forward, but the driver should still exercise a
proper lookout and take steps to reasonably reduce the risk of collision.
Where the drivers of the turning vehicles are over-optimistic, the driver
going straight should exercise caution, slow down to allow for appropriate
reaction(s), and sound the horn as appropriate. He should make sure that it is
safe to continue straight before proceeding. The driver travelling straight
should not proceed as if the vehicles ahead at the junction were incapable of
turning into his path.

40 Here, the second defendant did not dispute that he was above the speed
limit. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Second Defendant’s Written Submissions dated 21 August 2020, paragraph 93.

Based on the expert opinion which I accepted, he was going at a speed of at
least 74 km/h, with an average speed of 82 km/h. Given that it was a large and
busy junction, the second defendant ought to have proceeded slower than the
speed limit so as to keep a proper lookout and respond to the turning traffic.

41 Further, upon seeing vehicles turning, or at least one vehicle doing so,
the appropriate reaction would have been to slow down, sound the horn if need
be, and make sure no other vehicle was following suit in turning, either from
behind or next to the one that took its chances. Yet, the second defendant
maintained his excessive speed even after seeing the Unknown Vehicle, because
he assessed that it would clear his path of travel. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Second Defendant’s AEIC dated 4 October 2019, at paragraph 9; NE 17 June 2020,
page 73 at lines 3 – 21, page 55 at lines 16 – 29.

The second defendant should have considered that there could be other turning
vehicles behind the Unknown Vehicle, especially since his view of vehicles at
the large and busy junction was obstructed, 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

NE 17 June 2020, page 39 at line 19 to page 40 at line 15, page 42 at lines 10
to 15.

and slowed down accordingly to ensure that no other vehicles was following
suit.

Apportioning liability between the defendants

42 In determining the respective apportionment, regard would have to be had to
the breaches by the respective parties, in particular: (a) the relative
causative potency and (b) the relative moral blameworthiness of parties’
breaches. Causative potency is the extent to which each party’s conduct
contributed to the damage in question, whereas the assessment of
blameworthiness entails a consideration of a wide range of conduct to arrive
at a just and equitable result on the facts (Cheng Williams v Allister Lim and
Thrumurugan [2015] SGCA 15 (“Cheng Williams”) at [45] – [46]). These were two
major factors considered in the apportionment of damages in the context of
contributory negligence under Section 3(1) of the Contributory Negligence and
Personal Injuries Act (Cap 54, 2002 Rev Ed) (Asnah ([34] supra) at [118]), as
well as in the determination of the amount of contribution recoverable under
Section 16(1) of the Civil Law Act (Cap. 43, 1999 Rev Ed) from one tortfeasor
by another (Cheng Williams at [45]). These two factors should, in principle,
also be considered when apportioning liability between two tortfeasors who
were both sued for negligence by the same plaintiff in the same suit.

The plaintiff’s arguments

43 Regarding the issue of apportionment, the plaintiff argued that the second
defendant bore substantial responsibility, albeit to a lesser extent than the
first defendant. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions dated 17 August 2020, paragraph 26.

A driver travelling above the speed limit should slow down when approaching a
junction even if the traffic lights were in his/her favour, 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions dated 17 August 2020, paragraphs 20 – 21.

but the second defendant, who was exceeding the speed limit, did not. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions dated 17 August 2020, paragraphs 23 – 26.

As a result, he did not keep a proper lookout and failed to appreciate the
dangers at the junction. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions dated 17 August 2020, paragraph 27.

The first defendant’s arguments

44 Between the two defendants, it was argued by the first defendant that the
apportionment, leaving aside the plaintiff’s contributory negligence, should
be 55 to 60% on the first defendant, and 40 to 45% on the second defendant. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

First Defendant’s Closing Submissions dated 21 August 2020, paragraph 150.

The first defendant was willing to bear a greater share of the liability
because he admitted that his negligence was a larger contributing factor to
the accident, he only had a discretionary right to make a right turn, he
failed to keep a proper lookout, misjudged the dangers that the second
defendant posed, and simply followed the Unknown Vehicle when it executed the
right turn. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

First Defendant’s Closing Submissions dated 21 August 2020, paragraph 147.

45 Nonetheless, the first defendant sought substantial contribution from the
second defendant as the latter’s negligence was particularly egregious: 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

First Defendant’s Closing Submissions dated 21 August 2020, paragraphs 146 –
147.

the second defendant was driving too fast in the circumstances, 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

First Defendant’s Closing Submissions dated 21 August 2020, paragraphs 13, 107
– 108, 121d and 137.

failed to slow down even after witnessing the Unknown Vehicle turning, 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

First Defendant’s Closing Submissions dated 21 August 2020, paragraph 100.

and did not horn or flash as he approached the junction. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

First Defendant’s Closing Submissions dated 21 August 2020, paragraphs 118 and
121i.

The second defendant’s arguments

46 The second defendant, on the other hand, argued that after taking into
account contributory negligence on the part of the plaintiff (if any), the
first and second defendant should bear 85% and 15% of the liability
respectively. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

Second Defendant’s Written Submissions dated 21 August 2020, paragraph 168.

It was submitted that the apportionment of liability between the two
defendants should be guided by the relative causative potency and moral
blameworthiness of the parties’ conduct. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

Second Defendant’s Written Submissions dated 21 August 2020, paragraph 113.

47 Even though the second defendant admitted that he was driving at an
excessive speed, he contended that the first defendant was more blameworthy
for blindly following the Unknown Vehicle in making the right turn without
satisfying himself that there was no oncoming traffic. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

Second Defendant’s Written Submissions dated 21 August 2020, paragraphs 76 and
117(b).

Furthermore, the second defendant had accurately estimated that the Unknown
Vehicle would clear his path in time, but the first defendant lurked behind
the Unknown Vehicle, and suddenly appeared in front of the second defendant as
the Unknown Vehicle picked up speed to cross the junction, leaving the second
defendant with no opportunity to take evasive actions to avoid a collision
with the first defendant’s taxi. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

Second Defendant’s Written Submissions dated 21 August 2020, paragraph 126.

48 The second defendant also contended that the first defendant’s conduct was
more causatively potent because if the first defendant’s taxi had not
encroached into his path, there would have been no collision regardless of
whether the second defendant was speeding. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

Second Defendant’s Written Submissions dated 21 August 2020, paragraphs 134 –
135.

49 As for the amount of liability that the second defendant should bear, the
second defendant argued that this Court is bound by the Court of Appeal’s
decision in Joo Yong Co (Pte) Ltd and another v Gajentheran Marimuthu (by his
mother and next friend Parai a/p Palaniappan) and others [2015] SGCA 38 (“Joo
Yong”), and should therefore apportion 15% of the liability to the second
defendant. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

Second Defendant’s Written Submissions dated 21 August 2020, paragraphs 146 –
150 and 168.

The second defendant buttressed his position by noting that other local and
foreign decisions involving similar facts did not apportion more than 20% of
the liability to the straight-going vehicle. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

Second Defendant’s Written Submissions dated 21 August 2020, paragraphs 151 –
153, 158 and 167.

Weighing the defendants’ respective responsibilities

50 Upon considering the evidence and arguments put forward by the parties, I
found that the first and second defendants’ conduct were equally causatively
potent. There, however, should be a difference in how much liability they each
should bear due to the different degree of blameworthiness attached to their
conduct. The first defendant would have to bear the bulk of the responsibility
for turning without properly checking for oncoming traffic. Accordingly, the
first defendant’s liability was certainly greater than 50%. The question was
whether it would go all the way up to 85% or more. To my mind, a 15 to 25%
finding against the second defendant would be too low, as the second defendant
should also bear a substantial portion of responsibility for exceeding the
speed limit and failing to keep a proper lookout for other road users. Yet, a
40 to 50% finding against the second defendant would be too high. In the
circumstances, I am of the view that the appropriate measure would be 35%
responsibility on the part of the second defendant.

Causative potency

51 To recap, the first defendant turned without properly checking for oncoming
traffic. He simply followed the Unknown Vehicle next to him, 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

NE 16 June 2020, page 78 at lines 23 to 24.

which was a little bit ahead, and seemed, from the video footage, to had
narrowly missed a collision with the second defendant’s vehicle. The first
defendant should not have moved just because the Unknown Vehicle did. Instead,
he should have kept a proper look out, checked if any traffic was coming on,
gauged the speed of such traffic, and take the appropriate precautions. Had
the first defendant done so, the collision could have been avoided.

52 But while the first defendant could have avoided the collision if he had
exercised due care, this did not mean that the second defendant was wholly
without blame. As it was, counsel for the second defendant did not wholly deny
liability, but argued that the second defendant should bear 15% of the
liability. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

Second Defendant’s Written Submissions dated 21 August 2020, paragraph 168(a).

Following from the discussion above, the second defendant should have slowed
down, and kept an eye out for traffic that might be turning. The second
defendant contended that the collision was unavoidable because the first
defendant lurked behind the Unknown Vehicle, and suddenly appeared in front of
him while he was travelling across the junction. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

Second Defendant’s Written Submissions dated 21 August 2020, paragraph 126.

However, had the second defendant lowered his speed and kept a proper look
out, the second defendant would have had more time to respond and stop his car
even if the first defendant turned the way he did.

53 Consequently, the two defendants’ conduct were equally causatively potent –
each of their acts and omissions was equally important in forming a continuous
causal link leading to the plaintiff’s eventual injuries. In this regard, I
disagreed with the second defendant’s submission that the accident would have
been avoided altogether if the first defendant’s taxi did not encroach into
second defendant’s path, and that the first defendant’s conduct was therefore
more causatively potent. The relative causative potency of parties’ conduct
should not be assessed solely based on who first triggered the chain of
events; regard must be had to how each party contributed to the continuous
causal link resulting in the eventual damage.

Blameworthiness

54 Taking into account the parties’ respective breaches, however, it is clear
that there could not be equal apportionment even if their conduct were equally
causatively potent – the first defendant’s conduct was clearly more
blameworthy. Greater blameworthiness lay on the party executing the turn, as
the signal light was in favour of oncoming traffic. The second defendant could
not be made to assume the same degree of liability as the first defendant,
even if the second defendant was speeding. Indeed, it would be hard to
contemplate a situation where such an apportionment would occur though one may
not rule it out entirely, given that reality often surprises.

55 While the first defendant’s conduct was more reproachable, the percentage
liability argued for by the second defendant was too low. It was recognised by
the Court of Appeal in Stafford ([36] supra) at [31] and [33] that oncoming
traffic had obligations, despite having priority going straight at the
junction. In particular, the Court of Appeal said at [33]:

We fully agree with the learned judge that the law requires the motorist to
act on the basis that there may be negligence and incompetence on the part of
other road users and to make allowance for them, but without having to
contemplate possibilities that are remote. …

This emphasised that it is necessary to be aware of and to be ready to react
to other road users, even if the driver has priority at the junction. The
Court of Appeal also emphasised the need to consider speed at [34]:

The crux of the issue is what a reasonable person would apprehend in a
particular set of circumstances. At one extreme is a driver of a car on an
open road in dry weather and perfect visibility. He may drive at whatever
speed his car can permit him safely to attain – subject to the legal speed
limit – if he does not see any vehicle, person or animal that may obstruct his
path. However, once there is other traffic on the road, or there are
pedestrians or animals at the roadside, or there are obstructions to his view,
he must contemplate the possibility that any of these may impinge on this path
and must adjust his speed accordingly to one at which he can effectively stop
or otherwise avoid a collision. …

In that same passage, the Court of Appeal had also noted that the legal speed
limit restricts what speed should be pursued.

56 Given these considerations, namely caution in the presence of other road
users, and the need to keep to the speed limit, it is clear that there was
substantial breach by the second defendant. Pitching it at the level of 15% as
advocated by the second defendant would not sufficiently reflect the operation
of these factors, particularly the responsibility of the driver with priority.
Indeed, any proportion less than 35% would not to my mind have been
appropriate. The range of 20 to 30% gave insufficient weight to the speed and
the need to keep a look out. Had there been a proper look out and lower speed,
I found that the second defendant would have been able to stop even if the
first defendant turned the way he did. 40% liability would have been too high,
as it would have been too close to equal responsibility, which as noted above,
was not suitable since the primary responsibility should lie on the driver of
the turning vehicle.

The precedents

57 The apportionment of liability between defendants is a fact-sensitive
exercise, just like the apportionment of damages in the context of
contributory negligence (Asnah ([34] supra) at [118] and [119]). Accordingly,
the court is not bound by the local and foreign precedents which the second
defendant relied upon in contending that the second defendant should only bear
15% of the liability.

58 The main case which the second defendant relied upon, Joo Yong ([49]
supra), can also be distinguished from the present facts. There, the
respondent was proceeding into the junction when the appellant made a right
turn into the junction from the opposite direction and collided with the
respondent. The traffic lights were in favour of the respondent. The Court of
Appeal reduced the appellants’ liability by 15% to take into account the
respondent’s contributory negligence for approaching a junction in a heavy
traffic situation at an unsafe speed (Joo Yong at [23] – [24]). In so finding,
the Court of Appeal noted that the respondent was travelling within the speed
limit (Joo Yong at [23]), but did not mention the respondent’s line of sight.
In contrast, the second defendant in the present case not only travelled above
the speed limit but also maintained this excessive speed even after seeing the
Unknown Vehicle turning, despite having an obstructed view of vehicles at the
large and busy junction. These factors rendered the second defendant’s
excessive speed and failure to keep a proper lookout even more egregious than
the respondent’s conduct in Joo Yong, thereby justifying the apportionment of
a higher proportion of liability to the second defendant.

Conclusion on apportionment

59 Based on the foregoing analysis, I am of the view that the first defendant
should be responsible for 65% of the liability whilst the second defendant
bear the remaining 35%.

Contributory negligence by the plaintiff

60 The issue of whether the plaintiff was contributorily negligent turned on
whether the plaintiff was wearing a seat belt at the time of the accident.

The plaintiff’s arguments

61 The plaintiff argued that the first and second defendants had not proven
that the plaintiff was not wearing a seatbelt when the accident occurred. Even
though the first defendant was charged under Rule 5 of the Road Traffic (Motor
Vehicles, Wearing of Seat Belts) Rules 2011 for failing to ensure that his
rear seat passengers wore a seat belt, the plaintiff noted that the elements
of this charge were not established because the Prosecution did not proceed
with this charge. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions dated 17 August 2020, paragraphs 8 – 9.

Further, the first defendant did not have personal knowledge that the
plaintiff did not wear his seatbelt. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions dated 17 August 2020, paragraph 10.

While the plaintiff could not recall whether he had worn a seat belt, he
claimed that it was his normal practice to wear a seat belt when he sits in a
car or taxi, and that there was no reason why he would not have worn a seat
belt. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions dated 17 August 2020, paragraph 14.

The first defendant’s arguments

62 The first defendant contended that the plaintiff was contributorily
negligent because he was not wearing a seat belt at the time of the accident.
103

##### Foot Note 103

×

First Defendant’s Closing Submissions dated 21 August 2020, paragraph 109.

The first defendant relied primarily on the fact that a charge was preferred
against him for the Seat Belt Offence. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

First Defendant’s Closing Submissions dated 21 August 2020, paragraphs 111 and
113.

The plaintiff also conceded that he did not remember whether he wore a seat
belt, and simply believed that he was wearing one because this was his
practice. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

First Defendant’s Closing Submissions dated 21 August 2020, paragraph 110.

The second defendant’s arguments

63 The second defendant’s submissions were largely similar to that of the
first defendant’s. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

Second Defendant’s Written Submissions dated 21 August 2020, paragraph 37.

An additional argument raised was that the plaintiff admitted that he had
sustained head injuries because he was flung about in the accident, and since
he was flung about, it was likely that he was not wearing a seat belt. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

Second Defendant’s Written Submissions dated 21 August 2020, paragraphs 35 –
37.

Determination of whether the plaintiff wore a seat belt

64 It bears noting that the defendants have the burden of proving that the
plaintiff was contributorily negligent (Asnah ([34] supra) at [113]).

65 However, the only evidence which suggests that the plaintiff had not been
wearing his seatbelt at the material time was the fact that the first
defendant was charged with not having ensured that his passengers had in fact
worn seatbelts. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC dated 27 September 2019, page 29.

Yet, the first defendant himself was not sure about whether the plaintiff had
done so. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

NE 16 June 2020, page 83 at lines 1 – 2.

In the circumstances, little weight could be placed on the charge against the
first defendant.

66 The plaintiff maintained that he had indeed worn the seatbelt. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC dated 27 September 2019, paragraph 5.

There was no other evidence on this issue, such as from biomechanical or other
experts, that the injuries suffered could only have been caused by the
plaintiff not wearing his seatbelt. There was also no evidence that the
plaintiff’s injuries pointed to the likelihood or probability that the
plaintiff had in fact not worn the seatbelt. The plaintiff himself testified
that it was his usual practice to wear a seatbelt. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

NE 16 June 2020, page 12 at lines 27 to 30.

There was no reason to find on the balance of the probabilities that he had
not.

67 As for the effect of the first defendant’s plea of guilt and the reference
in the Statement of Facts to the first defendant not ensuring that his rear
passengers were wearing seatbelts (to which he had admitted), 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents dated 31 March 2020, page 50 at paragraph 7.

this was of little effect against the plaintiff. The plaintiff was not party
to the criminal proceedings, nor was he convicted of any offence of not
wearing a seatbelt. Section 45A of the Evidence Act did not assist the
defendants here in ascribing contributory negligence since it did not affect
the position of the plaintiff.

68 If the plaintiff had not worn a seatbelt, then there would have been
contributory negligence. It is true that whether the seatbelt was worn would
have been irrelevant to the occurrence of the accident. However, what matters
in a claim for negligence is not just the accident or collision itself, but
the damage that flows from it – the relevant question is whether the plaintiff
is responsible for the injury suffered by him. That was laid down in Froom v
Butcher [1976] 1 QB 286 at 292 and approved by the Court of Appeal in Parno v
SC Marine Pte Ltd [1999] 3 SLR(R) 377 at [59]. I was satisfied that as a
matter of principle, this position should be applied on the instant facts.

Conclusion

69 Therefore, considering the evidence and arguments, I concluded that the
liability for the plaintiff’s injuries should rest as follows: (a) first
defendant: 65%; and second defendant: 35%. The plaintiff was not
contributorily negligent for his loss, and no further adjustment was needed.

70 Cost orders were made separately.

Aedit Abdullah  
Judge of the High Court

Ramasamy s/o Karuppan Chettiar (Central Chambers Law Corporation) for the
plaintiff;

Teo Weng Kie, Shahira Binte Mohd Anuar (Tan Kok Quan Partnership) for the
first defendant;

Wee Anthony and Fendrick Koh (United Legal Alliance LLC) for the second
defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 26 Feb 2021 (09:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

