Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC 245

Suit No 832 of 2020 (Summonses Nos 4431 of 2020 and 1899 of 2021)

Between

| Sinopec International (Singapore) Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| Bank of Communications Co Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

judgment

[Conflict of Laws] — [Jurisdiction]

[Conflict of Laws] — [Natural forum]

[Civil Procedure] — [Jurisdiction] — [Inherent]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Sinopec International (Singapore) Pte Ltd

  
v

  

Bank of Communications Co Ltd

[2021] SGHC 245

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 832 of 2020 (Summonses Nos 4431
of 2020 and 1899 of 2021)  
Ang Cheng Hock J  
13 July, 5 August 2021

28 October 2021 Judgment reserved.

Ang Cheng Hock J:

1 In this case, the plaintiff, a Singapore company, which is a beneficiary
under several letters of credit, has brought proceedings against the defendant
bank, which issued those letters of credit. The plaintiff was not paid even
though it had apparently presented compliant documents. The defendant refused
to make payment because it claims that there was fraud in the documents
presented, in that certain bills of lading were no longer documents of title,
but worthless pieces of paper. The applications before me do not concern the
merits of the claim and defence. They are limited to the questions as to
whether the court has jurisdiction over the defendant because it contends that
it has not been properly served with the writ, and also whether, if there was
proper service, the court should exercise its jurisdiction because it is
claimed by the defendant that there is a more appropriate forum than
Singapore, and also because there are foreign court proceedings and foreign
criminal investigations, which the defendant says will have a bearing on the
determination of the issues in this action.

The parties

2 The plaintiff, Sinopec International (Singapore) Pte Ltd (“Sinopec SG”), is
a Singapore-incorporated company in the business of trading oil, refined
petroleum and petrochemical products. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

1st Affidavit of Zhao Yi (“Zhao’s 1st Affidavit”) at para 10.

It is a wholly owned subsidiary of Sinopec Japan Co Ltd, which is in turn 99%
owned by China Petrochemical International Co Ltd (“Sinopec Intl”). Sinopec
Intl is a wholly owned subsidiary of China Petroleum & Chemical Corporation
(“Sinopec Corp”). Sinopec Corp is the parent organisation of various
subsidiaries within the “Sinopec Group” which similarly engage in the
international trade of petrochemical products. These subsidiaries include
Sinopec Chemical Commercial Holding Company Ltd, Jiangsu Company (“Sinopec
Jiangsu”), 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Zhao’s 1st Affidavit at para 50.

China Jinshan Associated Trading Corporation (“China Jinshan”) 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

3rd Affidavit of Zhao Yi (“Zhao’s 3rd Affidavit”) at para 8.

and Shanghai Jinshan Associated Trading Corporation (“Shanghai Jinshan”). 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Zhao’s 1st Affidavit at para 44.

3 The defendant is the Bank of Communications Co Ltd (“BComm”), an
international bank, with its head office in the People’s Republic of China
(“PRC”). 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

1st Affidavit of Chen Xiao Lu (“Chen’s 1st Affidavit”) at p 58; 1st Affidavit
of Chew Koon Peng (“Chew’s 1st Affidavit”) at p 16.

It was BComm’s branch in Tokyo, Japan (“BComm Tokyo”), which issued the
letters of credit that are the subject of this action. BComm also has a branch
in Singapore (“BComm SG”).

Background facts

The LCs

4 Sinopec SG is the beneficiary of four letters of credit issued by BComm
Tokyo (“the LCs”). Shanghai International Holding Co Ltd (“SIH”) had applied
for the LCs to meet its payment obligations under four contracts entered into
on or around 11 July 2019 for the purchase of Paraxylene (“the Cargo”) from
Sinopec SG (“the Sale Contracts”). 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Zhao’s 1st Affidavit at para 41; Chen’s 1st Affidavit at para 17.

SIH apparently intended to on-sell the Cargo to Hong Kong Zhong Tuo Industry
Ltd (“HKZT”) under four sales contracts (“the Downstream Contracts”). 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Chen’s 1st Affidavit at para 18; 1st Affidavit of Liu Min (“Liu’s 1st
Affidavit”) at para 12.

5 The LCs incorporated The Uniform Customs and Practice for Documentary
Credits 600 (“UCP 600”). The terms of the LCs were first communicated by
BComm’s Hong Kong branch (as the first advising bank) to Westpac Banking
Corporation (“Westpac”)’s Hong Kong branch (“Westpac HK”), and then by Westpac
HK (as the second advising bank) to Sinopec SG. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Zhao’s 1st Affidavit at para 21.

The LCs contained, in particular, the following terms: 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Zhao’s 1st Affidavit at paras 38-40 and pp 95-110.

(a) it was available at any bank by negotiation;

(b) BComm was to honour the LCs by paying on drafts drawn upon it at 90 days
after sight; and

(c) “shipment and documents effected prior to [the LCs’] issuance date is
acceptable” (“the Additional Condition”). 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Zhao’s 1st Affidavit at paras 38-40.

The Presentation

6 To obtain payment under the LCs, which were available at any bank by
negotiation, Sinopec SG could approach any bank of its choice to purchase its
documents and a draft drawn by Sinopec SG on BComm under the LCs. If that bank
agreed to negotiate the LCs, Sinopec SG would then be entitled to a discounted
amount of the sum secured by the LCs, with the discount representing the
interest and fees incurred by that bank in making payment under the LCs ahead
of their due date (see Art. 2 of the UCP 600; Grains and Industrial Products
Trading Pte Ltd v Bank of India and another [2016] 3 SLR 1308 (“Grains”) at
[8]; Ali Malek and David Quest, Jack: Documentary Credits (Tottel Publishing,
4th Ed, 2009) (“Jack”) at 2.19).

7 On 17 and 18 July 2019, Sinopec SG presented the required documents under
the LCs at Westpac HK (“the Presentation”). 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Zhao’s 1st Affidavit at paras 23 and 77.

Westpac HK then transmitted the documents to BComm Tokyo. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Zhao’s 1st Affidavit at para 77.

Accompanying those documents were Presentation Schedules (which appear to have
been filled up by Sinopec SG) under which the field “Negotiate under
Documentary Credit” in each was ticked, as well as drafts drawn under the LCs
for the corresponding invoice value of each of the Sale Contracts to be paid
to the order of Westpac 90 days after sight. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Zhao’s 1st Affidavit at pp 324-326, 345-347, 366-368 and 387-389.

8 By presenting the documents at Westpac HK, Sinopec SG wanted Westpac to
negotiate the LCs. However, it would appear that Westpac withheld its decision
on whether to do so, at least until after BComm had determined that the
presented documents were compliant. As it turned out, Westpac did not
negotiate the LCs, presumably because BComm Tokyo subsequently rejected the
documents as being non-compliant (see [12] below). In these circumstances,
Westpac HK only acted as a “collecting bank” in transmitting and presenting
the documents to BComm Tokyo on Sinopec SG’s behalf and as Sinopec SG’s agent
(see Jack at para 7.2). 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions dated 9 Jul 2021 (“DWS”) at para 74.4.

9 Notwithstanding that the documents were transmitted by Westpac HK to BComm
Tokyo, and it was at BComm Tokyo where the documents were examined and found
to be discrepant, the place where the documents were presented under the LCs
would still be Westpac HK, ie, Hong Kong. This is so, for two reasons:

(a) Art. 6(d)(ii) of the UCP 600 provides that the place for presentation of
documents under a letter of credit is the bank at which the credit is
available. In this case, since the LCs were available at any bank by
negotiation, Sinopec SG would have been authorised by the terms of the credit
to present documents at any bank of its choice (see Grains at [50]), in
addition to the issuing bank (see Art. 6(d)(ii) of the UCP 600). The place of
presentation would therefore be any bank where Sinopec SG chose to present its
documents, in this case, Westpac HK.

(b) The liability of the issuing bank under Art. 7(a) of the UCP 600 is
engaged as long as the beneficiary makes a valid and complying presentation to
a bank at which the credit is available, irrespective of whether that bank has
agreed to honour or negotiate a complying presentation (Grains at
[54]-[55(a)]). It is also the presentation at that bank that is the point of
reference for determining the time at which the presentation of documents
under the credit was made (Grains at [51]). In this case, if the documents
presented were compliant, it would have been the Presentation at Westpac HK
(and not any subsequent receipt of documents by BComm Tokyo) that would have
rendered BComm liable under the LCs. It is therefore immaterial that Westpac
did not negotiate the LCs and that did not make Westpac HK any less the place
of presentation of documents under the LCs.

10 Returning to the documents presented by Sinopec SG, they included, inter
alia, four bills of lading (“the BLs”):

(a) BL no SJ01PXOMAN03 dated 28 April 2019 for 4790.519 MT of Paraxylene
shipped on board the Southern Jaguar (“BL 1”). 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Zhao’s 1st Affidavit at pp 203-205.

(b) BL no SJS190429KVT dated 29 April 2019 for 4761.279 MT of Paraxylene
shipped on board the Korea Victory (“BL 2”). 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Zhao’s 1st Affidavit at pp 214-216.

(c) BL nos. 1 and 2, each dated 27 May 2019 and for 5250 MT of Paraxylene
shipped on board the Fairchem Forte (“BLs 3 and 4”). 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Zhao’s 1st Affidavit at pp 207-212.

11 The BLs were “blank” bills and it was simply indicated “to order” in the
consignee section. BLs 1 and 2 identified one Hangzhou Huasu Industrial Co Ltd
(“HZHS”) as the notify party. BLs 3 and 4 identified HKZT as the notify party.
It has not been disputed that HZHS and HKZT are related entities. The key
shareholder and executive managing director of HZHS, Chen Zeng Chun, is also
the sole director of HKZT. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

2nd Affidavit of Chen Xiao Lu (“Chen’s 2nd Affidavit”) at para 31.

Where appropriate, HKZT and HZHS will be collectively referred to as the
“Zhong Tuo Group” or the “Zhong Tuo Group entities”.

BComm Tokyo’s refusal to honour

12 On 25 and 26 July 2019, BComm’s Hong Kong branch informed Sinopec SG (via
Westpac HK) that the Presentation was rejected because of “[bill of lading]
suspected fraud”, 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Zhao’s 1st Affidavit at para 80.

which it further elaborated on in the following terms: the shipped-on-board
date on the BLs was too far from the issuance date of the LCs; and the
respective vessels carrying the Cargo had arrived at the respective discharge
ports on various dates in May and June 2019 (“the Notices of Rejection”). 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Zhao’s 1st Affidavit at para 80.

In these proceedings, it is common ground that the Cargo on board the Southern
Jaguar and Korea Victory had been discharged to HZHS in May 2019, while the
Cargo on board the Fairchem Forte had been discharged to HKZT in June 2019
(“the Discharge”). 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Zhao’s 1st Affidavit at paras 49, 51 and 65; Chen’s 1st Affidavit at para
26.2; Liu’s 1st Affidavit at paras 24.5-24.6.

The Discharge had taken place against letters of indemnity (“the LOIs”) issued
by Sinopec SG (for the shipment on board the Southern Jaguar and Fairchem
Forte) and Shanghai Jinshan (for the shipment on board the Korea Victory). 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Zhao’s 1st Affidavit at para 65; 4th Affidavit of Chen Xiao Lu (“Chen’s 4th
Affidavit”) at para 26.1.

13 From 26 to 29 July 2019, Sinopec SG responded by disagreeing with the
Notices of Rejection, and cited the Additional Condition. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Zhao’s 1st Affidavit at para 82.

However, BComm Tokyo was unmoved. On 2 August 2019, BComm’s Hong Kong branch
replied by stating that BComm could not accept forged documents, and that it
learnt from its investigations that the actual goods to which the BLs related
(ie, the Cargo) had already been discharged. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Chen’s 1st Affidavit at para 29; Zhao’s 1st Affidavit at para 83.

14 In affidavits filed for the present proceedings, BComm provided a fuller
account of the circumstances that led to BComm Tokyo’s issuance of the Notices
of Rejection. BComm says that, on 23 July 2019, at a meeting of both sides’
representatives, it had been informed by SIH that: (a) there had been media
reports emerging on 12 July 2019 that the Zhong Tuo Group was in financial
difficulties due to trading losses, 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Chen’s 1st Affidavit at para 20; Liu’s 1st Affidavit at para 16.

and so SIH became concerned that HKZT would be unable to pay for the Cargo
under the Downstream Contracts; 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Chen’s 1st Affidavit at paras 20-21.3; Liu’s 1st Affidavit at para 16.

and (b) SIH had been unable to locate the Cargo even though it had not issued
any instructions for the release of the Cargo, and so it suspected fraud
relating to the Sale Contracts. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Chen’s 1st Affidavit at paras 21.4-22 and 25; Liu’s 1st Affidavit at para 17.

SIH therefore filed a police report on or around 20 July 2019 with the
Shanghai Public Security Bureau (“Shanghai PSB”) (“the SIH Report”). 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Liu’s 1st Affidavit at para 18.

15 Thereafter, BComm Tokyo took steps to investigate the allegations made by
SIH. It reviewed the documents presented by Sinopec SG for payment (in
particular, the BLs) and noted that the respective vessels carrying the Cargo
had arrived at the respective ports of discharge prior to the date of the Sale
Contracts, and did not subsequently revisit those ports of discharge. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Chen’s 1st Affidavit at para 26.

From these investigations, BComm Tokyo concluded that the Cargo had already
been discharged, and was of the view that the BLs were being re-used by
Sinopec SG to collect payment under the LCs. This confirmed what it had been
told of by SIH, and therefore BComm Tokyo determined that it was entitled to
refuse payment under the LCs. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Chen’s 1st Affidavit at paras 26-27.

Subsequent developments

The PRC Criminal Investigations

16 According to BComm, pursuant to the SIH Report, the Shanghai PSB commenced
criminal investigations into the alleged fraud relating to the LCs and the
Sale Contracts (“the PRC Criminal Investigations”). 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Liu’s 1st Affidavit at para 21.

The PRC Criminal Investigations also concern three other letters of credit in
respect of other contracts for the sale and purchase of Paraxylene between
Sinopec SG and SIH (in addition to the Sale Contracts), two of which were
issued by the Bank of China’s Tokyo branch (“BOC Tokyo”). 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Liu’s 1st Affidavit at paras 13-14 and 20.

According to BComm, findings from these investigations may result in criminal
proceedings before criminal courts in the PRC (“the PRC Criminal
Proceedings”). 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Chen’s 1st Affidavit at para 59.

Letter of demand

17 On 28 August 2019, Sinopec SG issued a letter of demand (via its Japanese
solicitors) to BComm’s Tokyo branch, demanding that BComm honour its payment
obligations under the LCs, and threatening legal proceedings if payment was
not forthcoming. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Chen’s 1st Affidavit at para 52.

The Suit

18 On 2 September 2020, Sinopec SG commenced Suit No 832 of 2020 (“the Suit”)
against BComm. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Zhao’s 1st Affidavit at para 30.

The writ of summons was served at the office of BComm SG on 4 September 2020
(“the Writ”). 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Zhao’s 1st Affidavit at para 31.

BComm entered an appearance on 14 September 2020. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Zhao’s 1st Affidavit at para 32.

19 On 12 October 2020, BComm filed Summons No 4431 of 2020 (“SUM 4431”) for,
inter alia, (a) a declaration that the Singapore courts have no jurisdiction
over BComm (“the Declaration Application”); (b) a stay of the Suit on ground
of forum non conveniens (“the Stay Application”); and (c) in the alternative,
a case management stay of the Suit until the conclusion of the PRC Criminal
Proceedings (“the CMS Application”). 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Zhao’s 3rd Affidavit at para 3.

The Rehabilitation Proceedings by SIH

20 On 19 September 2019, SIH obtained approval from the Tokyo District Court
to commence proceedings to rehabilitate its business by proposing an agreement
or arrangement with its creditors, in a process that appears somewhat similar
to a scheme of arrangement under Singapore law. This proposed agreement or
arrangement is subject to the approval of SIH’s creditors, whose proofs of
claim are accepted by SIH (“the Rehabilitation Proceedings”). 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Chen’s 1st Affidavit at para 39.

While not explicitly stated, it appears quite clear from the affidavits that
the Rehabilitation Proceedings are a form of insolvency proceedings under
Japanese Law, and that SIH is now insolvent. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Chen’s 1st Affidavit at paras 39-43.

The PRC Civil Proceedings

21 On 1 December 2020, BComm submitted a civil complaint to the Shanghai
Financial Courts (“the Shanghai Court”) against Sinopec SG and China Jinshan
(“the PRC Civil Proceedings”). Oddly, both BComm and BComm Tokyo are named as
separate plaintiffs in those proceedings (“the PRC Plaintiffs”), 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

3rd Affidavit of Chen Xiao Lu (“Chen’s 3rd Affidavit”) at p 24; 2nd Affidavit
of Zhang Lili (“Zhang’s 2nd Affidavit”) at p 19.

even though they are the same legal entity, ie, BComm (see [50] below). SIH is
also named by the PRC Plaintiffs as a third party to the PRC Civil
Proceedings, but it does not appear that the PRC Plaintiffs are pursuing any
causes of action or seeking any relief against it. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Chen’s 3rd Affidavit at para 19.

It is common ground that the commencement date of the PRC Civil Proceedings is
the date on which it was docketed by the PRC Courts, ie, 1 December 2020. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Chen’s 3rd Affidavit at para 11; DWS at paras 35.2-35.3; Plaintiff’s Written
Submissions (Jurisdictional Challenge and Stay of Proceedings) dated 9 Jul
2021 (“PWS”) at para 128.

22 In those proceedings, the PRC Plaintiffs seek, inter alia, an order to
restrain BComm Tokyo from paying the sum under the LCs and an order for
Sinopec SG and China Jinshan to be jointly liable for losses suffered by the
PRC Plaintiffs arising from alleged fraud relating to the LCs. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Chen’s 3rd Affidavit at para 9.

23 By 7 January 2021, court papers for the PRC Civil Proceedings were served
on China Jinshan and SIH. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Chen’s 3rd Affidavit at para 12.

To date, Sinopec SG has not agreed to accept service of the PRC Civil
Proceedings. Nonetheless, BComm takes the position that Sinopec SG would have
become aware of those proceedings when the court papers were served on China
Jinshan. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Notes of Arguments, 13 Jul, p 6 lines 17-19; Chen’s 3rd Affidavit at paras
16-17; 5th Affidavit of Chen Xiao Lu (“Chen’s 5th Affidavit”) at para 12; 4th
Affidavit of Liu Min (“Liu’s 4th Affidavit”) at para 11.4.

Sinopec SG maintains that it had only been made aware of the PRC Civil
Proceedings through BComm’s Singapore solicitors through an email on 8 April
2021. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Zhao’s 3rd Affidavit at para 20.

24 On 12 January 2021, the PRC Plaintiffs applied to the Shanghai Court for it
to initiate a process to investigate and collect evidence arising from the PRC
Criminal Investigations for use in the PRC Civil Proceedings (“the PRC
Investigation Order”). 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Chen’s 3rd Affidavit at para 13 and pp 42-43.

The PRC Investigation Order was granted on 23 March 2021. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Zhao’s 3rd Affidavit at para 13.

According to BComm’s PRC law expert, under the PRC Investigation Order, it is
the Shanghai Court that is responsible for obtaining evidence, and there is no
fixed timeline for this process. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Liu’s 4th Affidavit at paras 17-18; Song Xixiang’s Expert Opinion dated 1 Jul
2021 in 3rd Affidavit of Song Xixiang (“Song XX’s 3rd Report”) at paras 18-19.

As at the time of the hearing before me, it is common ground that no evidence
had yet been collected pursuant to the PRC Investigation Order.

25 According to a summons issued by the Shanghai Court to BComm on 16 March
2021, the trial of the PRC Civil Proceedings is fixed on 21 December 2021. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

4th Affidavit of Zhao Yi (“Zhao’s 4th Affidavit”) at para 8(f); Chen’s 3rd
Affidavit at para 14.

Given that it has not been served with the court papers, Sinopec SG takes the
position that the trial of the PRC Civil Proceedings clearly cannot proceed on
21 December 2021. It is supported by the opinion of its PRC law expert, who
says that the trial date is merely tentative, and will be postponed until
effective service of court papers has been achieved. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Song Lianbin’s Expert Opinion dated 17 Jun 2021 in 3rd Affidavit of Song
Lianbin (“Song LB’s 2nd Report”) at paras 37-39.

On the other hand, BComm’s PRC law expert says that such a characterisation of
the trial date is incorrect, as it would only have been fixed by the Shanghai
Court after taking into account the time required for effective service of
court papers on Sinopec SG. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Song XX’s 3rd Report at para 14.

Counsel for Sinopec SG informed me at the hearing that his client had still
not been served with any papers relating to the PRC Civil Proceedings. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Notes of Arguments, 5 Aug, p 4 lines 25-27.

26 Although the PRC Civil Proceedings were commenced on 1 December 2020, the
earliest time at which the PRC Civil Proceedings were made known to the
Singapore courts was on 16 April 2021 when Sinopec SG’s solicitors wrote a
letter to the Supreme Court requesting for an urgent pre-trial conference
after BComm had requested Sinopec SG to consent to an amendment of SUM 4431 to
take into account the PRC Civil Proceedings in relation to the CMS
Application. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Zhao’s 3rd Affidavit at paras 20-23.

Sinopec SG did not consent and, on 23 April 2021, BComm filed Summons No 1899
of 2021 (“SUM 1899”) for leave to amend its prayers for the CMS Application
(“the Amendment Application”).

BComm’s allegations of fraud and Sinopec SG’s claims of “credit facilitation”

27 In affidavits filed for the present proceedings, BComm elaborated on the
allegations of fraud which it relied on in refusing to make payment under the
LCs. These allegations rest largely on what it had been informed of by
officers of the Shanghai PSB at a meeting on 24 September 2019 (“the 24 Sep
Meeting”). 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Liu’s 1st Affidavit at paras 21-23.

BComm’s account of that meeting is that the officers said that the Cargo (to
which the BLs and the Sale Contracts relate) had been the subject of previous
contracts of sale between Sinopec SG and entities within the Zhong Tuo Group
(“the Alleged Prior Contracts”). 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Liu’s 1st Affidavit at paras 24.5-24.7 and pp 28-29; Liu’s 4th Affidavit at
para 20.

The Cargo had also been discharged to the respective Zhong Tuo Group entities
in May and June 2019 pursuant to Sinopec SG’s performance of its obligations
as seller under the Alleged Prior Contracts. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Liu’s 1st Affidavit at paras 24.5-24.6.

28 However, by July 2019, it became clear that the Zhong Tuo Group had fallen
into financial difficulty, and that Sinopec SG would not be able to recover
any payment for the Cargo from the Zhong Tuo Group. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Liu’s 1st Affidavit at para 24.7.

Accordingly, Sinopec SG decided to alter the documentation for the Alleged
Prior Contracts into a sequence of deals involving Sinopec SG, SIH and HKZT,
where Sinopec SG and SIH entered into the Sale Contracts, while SIH entered
into the Downstream Contracts with HKZT. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Liu’s 1st Affidavit at para 24.8.

29 The alleged fraud therefore stemmed from how the Sale Contracts had been
contrived by Sinopec SG as a means of obtaining payment (by way of letters of
credit) for the Cargo that Sinopec SG had already sold and released to the
Zhong Tuo Group entities under the Alleged Prior Contracts, and which it no
longer had title to. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Liu’s 1st Affidavit at paras 24.5-24.6 and 25; Chen’s 4th Affidavit at paras
12.3 and 16.

According to BComm, Sinopec SG was seeking to sell the Cargo and obtain
payment for it twice \- first from the Zhong Tuo Group entities, and when it
failed to do so, from BComm (as an issuer of the LCs on the application of
SIH). 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Chen’s 4th Affidavit at paras 11-12 and 16-18; Liu’s 4th Affidavit at para
20.1.

Apparently, the officers of the Shanghai PSB had also stated at the 24 Sep
Meeting that they had advised Sinopec SG not to take legal action against
BComm to claim compensation under the LCs. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Liu’s 1st Affidavit at para 26.

30 Sinopec SG disputes BComm’s allegations of fraud. It provides a very
different characterisation of the Sale Contracts. It explains that it had
first purchased the Cargo from suppliers (“the Supply Contracts”) on behalf of
Shanghai Jinshan. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Zhao’s 1st Affidavit at paras 44-45.

In doing so, Sinopec SG was only acting as a “credit facilitator” on behalf of
Shanghai Jinshan, given that Shanghai Jinshan did not have banking facilities
that allowed it to apply for letters of credit, which were the prescribed mode
of payment under the Supply Contracts. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Zhao’s 1st Affidavit at para 47.

31 There were four of these Supply Contracts: 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Zhao’s 1st Affidavit at paras 46-47.

one was dated 25 March 2019 (for the shipment on board the Southern Jaguar
originating from Oman), 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Zhao’s 1st Affidavit at pp 175-180.

another was dated 19 April 2019 (for the shipment on board the Korea Victory
originating from South Korea), 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Zhao’s 1st Affidavit at pp 191-192.

and the remaining two were dated 21 May 2019 (for each of the two shipments on
board the Fairchem Forte originating from Georgia, USA). 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Zhao’s 1st Affidavit at pp 184-187.

The Cargo was in turn to be sold to Sinopec Jiangsu pursuant to “Export
Contracts” entered into between Sinopec SG and Sinopec Jiangsu. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Zhao’s 1st Affidavit at para 50.

While the Export Contracts have been formalised in writing, they were never
signed due to an administrative oversight. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Zhao’s 1st Affidavit at para 50.

In its affidavits, Sinopec SG exhibited four of these Export Contracts, which
it appears (given the country of origin of the Paraxylene specified in each of
these contracts) correspond to each of the Supply Contracts. According to the
dates on these Export Contracts, it appears that, save for one of them, they
were all formalised shortly after the corresponding Supply Contract was
entered into. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Zhao’s 1st Affidavit at pp 218-253.

32 According to Sinopec SG, the LOIs (against which the Discharge took place)
had been issued “on the instructions of Sinopec Jiangsu … [as] the buyer of
[the Cargo] under the Export Contracts”. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Zhao’s 1st Affidavit at para 65.

These LOIs were dated 30 April 2019 (in respect of the shipment on board the
Korea Victory), 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Zhao’s 1st Affidavit at pp 309-310.

14 May 2019 (in respect of the shipment on board the Southern Jaguar), 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Zhao’s 1st Affidavit at pp 303-304.

and 27 May 2019 (in respect of the shipments on board the Fairchem Forte). 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Zhao’s 1st Affidavit at pp 305-308.

While not stated in explicit terms, this can only mean that the Discharge had
taken place on the instructions of Sinopec Jiangsu at around the relevant
times when the respective LOIs were issued.

33 Some two months after the Export Contracts had been entered into, Sinopec
Jiangsu informed Sinopec SG that the Export Contracts were to be “novated” to
the end receivers of the Cargo, HKZT and HZHS, ie, the Zhong Tuo Group
entities (see [12] above). 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Zhao’s 1st Affidavit at para 51.

According to the dates of the email correspondence apparently recording these
instructions from Sinopec Jiangsu, the novation would have taken place on or
around 27 June 2019. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Zhao’s 1st Affidavit at pp 255-258.

I should add that it is not possible to pinpoint the precise date on which the
novation took place and the terms on which it occurred because Sinopec SG has
thus far not disclosed all the documents in relation to the novation.

34 A “novation” refers to the process by which the contract between the
original contracting parties is discharged through mutual consent and
substituted with a new contract between the same parties to the original
contract or between different parties (Fairview Developments Pte Ltd v Ong &
Ong Pte Ltd and another appeal [2014] 2 SLR 318 at [46]). As such, the
expected result of the novation in this case would have been the replacement
of Sinopec Jiangsu by the respective Zhong Tuo Group entities as a party to
each of the novated Export Contracts. However, it appears that never happened
because SIH entered the picture to act as a credit facilitator for the Zhong
Tuo Group entities, which had to make payment for the Cargo, but which did not
have access to banking facilities that allowed them to apply for letters of
credit to do so. Under this arrangement, SIH was to apply for letters of
credit (ie, the LCs) in favour of Sinopec SG to enable the Zhong Tuo Group
entities to make payment for the Cargo 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

Zhao’s 1st Affidavit at paras 51-52.

and thereby take on the credit risk of the Zhong Tuo Group entities.

35 According to Sinopec SG, the Sale Contracts were executed for this very
purpose. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Zhao’s 1st Affidavit at para 53.

Sinopec SG also states that it had only been aware that SIH was acting as a
credit facilitator and expected that SIH would directly or indirectly receive
payment from the Zhong Tuo Group for performing this role, and then use such
funds to reimburse BComm Tokyo, which issued the LCs. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Zhao’s 1st Affidavit at para 60.

It will therefore appear that, at the time when the Sale Contracts were
entered into, Sinopec SG was not aware of any precise arrangements relating to
the Cargo between SIH and the Zhong Tuo Group, such as the Downstream
Contracts.

36 Therefore, the effect of the novation was the interposition of a set of
back-to-back contracts: the Sale Contracts between Sinopec SG and SIH, and
some other contractual arrangement between SIH and the Zhong Tuo Group, the
precise details of which Sinopec SG was not aware of but under which it
expected SIH to obtain reimbursement for acting as a credit facilitator.
Hence, Sinopec SG’s position is that it has never been a party to any contract
relating to the Cargo with the Zhong Tuo Group. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

Zhao’s 1st Affidavit at para 62; Zhao’s 4th Affidavit at para 20.

Prior to the novation, the only such contract to which it had been a party
were the Export Contracts with Sinopec Jiangsu. Following the novation,
Sinopec SG was a party to the Sale Contracts with SIH.

37 Sinopec SG says that SIH (by virtue of its role as a “credit facilitator”)
would have known, at the time of entering into the Sale Contracts, that the
Cargo had already been discharged in May and June 2019. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

Zhao’s 1st Affidavit at paras 56 and 66.

In particular, it says cl 11 of the Sale Contracts, which specified the
delivery dates as “ANY [APRIL 2019] ARRIVAL”, would have made that clear. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

Zhao’s 1st Affidavit at para 66.

Otherwise, SIH would not have requested that the LCs contain the Additional
Condition. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

Zhao’s 1st Affidavit at para 67.

Sinopec SG also says that, in light of SIH’s request for the Additional
Condition, and the fact that BComm Tokyo had been provided with copies of the
Sale Contracts by SIH when it applied for the LCs, 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

Zhao’s 1st Affidavit at para 57.

and so would have had sight of cl 11, BComm would also have known, or ought to
have known, that the Cargo had already been discharged at the time when it
agreed to issue the LCs. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

Zhao’s 1st Affidavit at paras 56-58.

38 Responding to that contention, BComm says that SIH had been in the dark as
to the whereabouts of the Cargo from the time when it applied for the LCs with
BComm Tokyo. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

3rd Affidavit of Liu Min (“Liu’s 3rd Affidavit”) at para 19, Chen’s 4th
Affidavit at paras 33-34.

BComm also denies that it knew or ought to have known that the Cargo had been
discharged, 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

Chen’s 4th Affidavit at para 37.

presumably from the time when the LCs were issued, since BComm’s knowledge
would have been limited to whatever the applicant for the LCs (SIH) provided
BComm Tokyo with. Also, BComm says that cl 11 of the Sale Contracts cannot
impute SIH with the knowledge that the Cargo had already been discharged to
HKZT or HZHS. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

Chen’s 4th Affidavit at para 33.

Further, BComm also says that the inclusion of the Additional Condition as a
term of the LCs only shows that BComm Tokyo could accept bills of lading
issued prior to the issuance date of the LCs, but it cannot impute BComm with
the knowledge that the Cargo had already been discharged prior to the issuance
of the LCs. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

Chen’s 4th Affidavit at para 36.

39 BComm also refers to a letter provided by SIH to BComm Tokyo dated 26 May
2021 (“the SIH 26 May Letter”), in which SIH claimed that it did not know, at
the time of entering into the Sale Contracts, that: (a) Sinopec SG and HKZT
had previously entered into separate sale contracts relating to the Cargo; and
(b) the Cargo under the Sale Contracts had been discharged in May and June
2019. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

Liu’s 3rd Affidavit at para 21, Chen’s 4th Affidavit at para 24.

Sinopec SG disputes the authenticity of the SIH 26 May Letter, 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

Zhao’s 4th Affidavit at para 23.

but also claims its contents showed that SIH knew that it was acting as a
credit facilitator. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

Zhao’s 4th Affidavit at para 30.

40 From the parties’ respective cases, it appears to me that BComm and Sinopec
SG are in contention over two main issues. First, what were the Sale Contracts
for? BComm says that the contracts involved the physical sale and purchase of
the Cargo, and that SIH was not acting as a “credit facilitator” as Sinopec SG
claims. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

Chen’s 4th Affidavit at paras 19-20; Liu’s 4th Affidavit at para 24.

On the other hand, Sinopec SG maintains that the Sale Contracts had been
interposed in the chain transaction for the Cargo (beginning with the purchase
of the Cargo under the Supply Contracts, the subsequent sale to Sinopec
Jiangsu, and then the eventual novation involving SIH and the Zhong Tuo Group
entities) to facilitate payment by the Zhong Tuo Group, and so the Sale
Contracts per se were not meant to involve any actual dealings in goods.

41 Second, were Sinopec SG and the respective Zhong Tuo Group entities in any
contractual relationship relating to the Cargo at the time of the Discharge?
Sinopec SG says they were not - the Zhong Tuo Group entities and itself only
become parties to the separate back-to-back contracts with SIH in July 2019,
after the Discharge had already taken place in May and June 2019. BComm
alleges that Sinopec SG and the respective Zhong Tuo Group entities were in
such a contractual relationship, and in particular, they had already entered
into the Alleged Prior Contracts by then.

SUM 4431 and SUM 1899

42 BComm makes four applications in SUM 4431 and SUM 1899: (a) the Declaration
Application; (b) the Stay Application; (c) the Amendment Application; and (d)
the CMS Application.

43 For the Declaration Application, BComm argues that there has been no proper
service of originating process as the Writ had only been served on BComm SG.
BComm argues that, for the purposes of the dispute over the LCs, BComm Tokyo,
as the branch which issued the LCs, should be regarded as a distinct legal
entity, and since there has been no proper service on BComm Tokyo, the
Singapore courts have no jurisdiction over BComm. In reply, Sinopec SG argues
that service of the Writ on BComm SG constitutes effective service on BComm,
and is sufficient to found jurisdiction over it, even though it had been BComm
Tokyo which issued the LCs.

44 For the Stay Application, BComm argues that the various connecting factors
- identified by reference to the governing law of the LCs, the witnesses and
documentary evidence which it says is necessary to establish its fraud defence
to Sinopec SG’s claim in the Suit and the PRC Civil Proceedings overlapping
with the Suit - all point toward jurisdictions other than Singapore,
specifically, the PRC, Hong Kong and/or Japan (collectively, the “Alternative
Fora”), as the more appropriate forum, and so the Suit should be stayed on
grounds of forum non conveniens.

45 On the other hand, Sinopec SG argues that little if no weight should be
placed on these purported connections. First, the witnesses which BComm has
identified as necessary for its defence do not appear relevant, and there is
no evidence as to where they are located, and whether they are unwilling to
testify in Singapore. Second, it identifies the governing law of the LCs as
Singapore law. But it says, even if it is Hong Kong law, as argued by BComm,
that would not be a significant factor in favour of Hong Kong as the more
appropriate forum, since both Singapore and Hong Kong law are similar in
respect of the fraud defence to a claim under letters of credit. Third, it
argues that no weight should be given to the PRC Civil Proceedings in the
forum non conveniens analysis as they were commenced for strategic reasons by
BComm, well after the Suit was started in Singapore. In the alternative, a
stay should nevertheless be refused even if a more appropriate forum than
Singapore can be identified because Sinopec SG will be deprived of a
legitimate juridical advantage if the dispute were tried in the PRC, given the
fact that the Shanghai Court will only apply PRC law, and the scope of the
fraud defence under PRC law is broader as compared to Singapore law. It also
points to substantial prejudice arising from delay and procedural differences
if the dispute were tried in the PRC as reasons for refusing a stay.

46 For the Amendment Application, BComm argues that its prayer for the CMS
Application should be amended to take into account the PRC Civil Proceedings
as it will allow the real controversy between parties to be determined.
Sinopec SG opposes the Amendment Application on grounds that the PRC Civil
Proceedings had been commenced for strategic reasons, and also because of how
late in time the application was made.

47 In the event that I am minded to grant the Amendment Application, BComm
argues that the CMS Application should be allowed so that it can adduce all
relevant evidence it requires for its fraud defence on the basis of findings
from the PRC Criminal Proceedings and the PRC Civil Proceedings; and the
Singapore courts can also have the benefit of those findings to avoid
traversing the very same grounds. Sinopec SG argues that the CMS Application
should not be granted because the PRC Criminal Proceedings do not appear
relevant to the issues in dispute in the Suit, and also because doing so would
render the Singapore proceedings otiose and result in a substantial delay in
the resolution of the dispute.

Issues to be determined

48 There are four main issues to be determined:

(a) whether there has been effective service on BComm to found the
jurisdiction of the Singapore courts over it;

(b) whether the Suit should be stayed on grounds of forum non conveniens;

(c) whether the Amendment Application should be allowed; and

(d) whether the CMS Application (either in its original form, or in the form
of the amended prayers) should be allowed.

Issue 1: Whether there was proper service to found the jurisdiction of the
Singapore courts?

49 At common law, all branches of a bank are regarded as emanations of that
one bank, and so the head office of a bank and its various branches are
regarded as a single legal entity (Benjamin’s Sale of Goods (Michael Bridge
gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 10th Ed, 2017) (“Benjamin”) at para 23-026; E P
Ellinger, Eva Lomnicka and C V M Hare, Ellinger’s Modern Banking Law (Oxford
University Press, 5th Ed, 2011) at p 711). There are, however, exceptions to
this general rule and a bank and its branches located overseas have been
treated as separate entities in some situations (see, eg, Johanna Vroegop,
“The status of bank branches” (1990) 5 JBL 445 at 446; Power Curber
International Ltd v National Bank of Kuwait SAK [1981] 1 WLR 1233 at 1241).

50 In this case, there is no dispute that both BComm SG and BComm Tokyo are
part of the same legal entity, BComm. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

Notes of Arguments, 13 Jul, p 2 lines 17-19, p 7 lines 26-27.

As such, the defendant in the Suit is simply BComm, even though it had been
BComm Tokyo which issued the LCs. BComm is a foreign company registered under
s 368(1) of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the Companies Act”). 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

Zhao’s 1st Affidavit at para 34.

Section 376(a) of the Companies Act provides that service on a registered
foreign company will be effective if it is addressed to the foreign company
and left at or sent by post to its registered office in Singapore. As such,
service on BComm SG, which is the registered office of BComm in Singapore, 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

Zhao’s 1st Affidavit at para 31; Chen’s 1st Affidavit at para 9.

will constitute effective service on BComm. According to the Memorandum of
Service, the Writ (which had been addressed to BComm) had been left at the
office of BComm SG. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

Zhao’s 1st Affidavit at p 83.

By virtue of that, there has been effective service on BComm, and the
jurisdiction of the court over BComm for the purposes of the Suit has been
properly established pursuant to s 16(1)(a) of the Supreme Court of Judicature
Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed) (“the SCJA”), notwithstanding that it had been
BComm’s Tokyo branch that issued the LCs. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

PWS at paras 50 and 56.

51 At the hearing before me and in written submissions, counsel for BComm
argued that the Writ must be served on BComm’s Tokyo branch for the Singapore
courts to be seised of jurisdiction. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

DWS at paras 19-20.

He argues that, for the purposes of the contract under the LCs between BComm
and Sinopec SG, BComm’s Tokyo branch is to be regarded as a distinct legal
entity that is separate from BComm’s other branches. That is because the
contract under the LCs incorporates Art. 3 of the UCP 600, which provides that
“[b]ranches of a bank in different countries are considered to be separate
banks”. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

Notes of Arguments, 13 Jul p 2 lines 13-17.

52 In support of this argument, BComm relies on the decision of the UK Supreme
Court in Taurus Petroleum Ltd v State Oil Marketing Co of the Ministry of Oil,
Republic of Iraq [2018] AC 690 (“Taurus Petroleum”). In that case, the court
had to identify the situs of a debt due under a letter of credit that was
issued by the London branch of a French bank (“Credit Agricole”) to determine
if it had the requisite jurisdiction to make an attachment order in respect of
that debt. The court accepted that it followed from Art. 3 of the UCP 600
that, for the purposes of the letter of credit, the London branch of Credit
Agricole was to be treated as a separate bank from Credit Agricole’s French
headquarters, and accordingly, the place where the debt under the letter of
credit was recoverable, and the situs of that debt, was England (at [31]).

53 In my judgment, BComm and BComm Tokyo are to be regarded as a single legal
entity for the purposes of service of process under our procedural rules. Art.
3 of the UCP 600, which parties have contracted to apply to the contract under
the LCs, does not have the effect of altering the rules as to service of
process so that originating process in respect of any dispute arising from a
letter of credit must be specifically served on the bank branch that issued
the credit. The purpose of Art. 3 is to allow branches of the same bank to be
treated as separate banks so that they can each perform the respective
functions required of the different banks involved in a letter of credit
transaction as set out in Art. 2 of the UCP 600, notwithstanding that these
branches will be regarded at general law as parts of a single legal entity
(see James Byrne et al, UCP600: An Analytical Commentary (Institute of
International Banking Law & Practice, 2001) (“Byrne”) at pp 240-241; Benjamin
([49] above) at para 23-026). As the following extract from Byrne suggests,
how bank branches are to be treated for the purposes of service of process in
a particular jurisdiction is a question outside of the UCP 600 (at p 243):

If the ‘branch’ [of a bank] in another country … was nominated in the [letter
of credit] to advise the [letter of credit], its role would be that of an
advisor. Whether the home office [of that bank] could be brought into court in
that jurisdiction [or] was subject to its law … are all questions beyond the
scope of UCP 600 and are answered under the relevant legal regimes.

54 While the court in Taurus Petroleum found that a bank branch which issued a
letter of credit constitutes a separate entity, I find that case
distinguishable as it involved a different context from the present case. In
Taurus Petroleum, the court was concerned with identifying the situs of the
debt under the said letter of credit. To do so, the court had to consider
where that debt was recoverable. It will appear that the court only applied
Art. 3 and found the London branch of Credit Agricole to be a “separate bank”
from its French headquarters because it had been of the view that the debt due
under that letter of credit was only recoverable at the London branch, where
the applicant for the letter of credit had maintained its accounts with Credit
Agricole (see Taurus Petroleum at [31]). The court therefore applied Art. 3
and regarded bank branches as separate entities only for the limited purpose
of identifying the situs of a debt due under a letter of credit. I do not read
Taurus Petroleum as laying down a statement of general principle that bank
branches involved in a letter of credit of transaction were to be regarded as
separate entities for all purposes by virtue of Art. 3.

55 Since BComm and BComm Tokyo are one and the same legal entity, I find that
the effective service of the Writ on BComm, by service on BComm SG, suffices
to establish the court’s jurisdiction over BComm as the defendant in the Suit.
I therefore dismiss the Declaration Application.

56 In coming to this conclusion, I note that the same result was reached by
the Hong Kong Court of First Instance in LG Electronics Hong Kong Ltd v Bank
of Taiwan [2001] HKEC 2098, which involved somewhat similar facts. In that
case, the plaintiff was a beneficiary under a letter of credit issued by the
Panchiao, Taiwan, branch of the Bank of Taiwan (“BOT”). After the plaintiff’s
presentation of documents was rejected, it commenced proceedings against BOT
in Hong Kong to recover payment. The writ of summons simply identified BOT as
the defendant, and provided the address of its place of business in Hong Kong
at which service may be effected (at [3] and [21]). The court accepted that
there had been effective service of originating process on BOT by virtue of
service on BOT’s place of business in Hong Kong (at [14] and [17]). BOT had
argued that the defendant in the writ was BOT’s Hong Kong branch, which was in
turn a separate legal entity from BOT’s Panchiao branch. As such, BOT
contended that the court had no jurisdiction because BOT’s Panchiao branch,
which issued the credit, had not been named in the writ. Like BComm in this
case, BOT also relied on Art. 2 of The Uniform Customs and Practice for
Documentary Credits 500 (“UCP 500”), which provided, in similar terms to Art.
3 of the UCP 600, that branches of a bank in different countries are
considered separate banks.

57 The court rejected BOT’s arguments - in particular, the argument that Art.
2 of the UCP 500 had the effect of rendering BOT’s Panchiao branch a separate
legal entity (at [19] and [23]). It held that the defendant identified in the
writ was simply BOT, and not BOT’s Hong Kong branch (at [21]). Bank branches
were only to be treated as separate entities in their dealings with each other
and other banks in a letter of credit transaction, but not for other purposes.
Hence, there was no need to identify BOT’s Panchiao branch as a defendant in
the writ, because BOT Panchiao and BOT were simply one and the same entity (at
[22]). Since BOT was a registered foreign company under the Hong Kong
Companies Ordinance (Cap 32) (“the Ordinance”) (at [3]), service of process on
BOT’s place of business in Hong Kong constituted effective service on BOT
pursuant to provisions in the Ordinance that were similar in terms to s 376(a)
of the Companies Act (at [21] and [23]). Accordingly, the court’s jurisdiction
over BOT was properly founded.

Issue 2: Whether the Suit should be stayed on grounds of forum non conveniens

58 The Court of Appeal in Rickshaw Investments Ltd and another v Nicolai Baron
von Uexkull [2007] 1 SLR(R) 377 (“Rickshaw”) at [12] endorsed the test
articulated by the UK House of Lords in Spiliada Maritime Corporation v
Cansulex Ltd [1987] AC 460 (“Spiliada”) as governing an application for a stay
of proceedings on grounds of forum non conveniens.

59 The Spiliada test comprises two stages. The first stage of the test
considers whether there is some other available forum which is more
appropriate for the case to be tried, and if the court concludes that there is
a more appropriate forum, a stay will ordinarily be granted (“Stage One”),
unless the court finds at the second stage of the test that there are
circumstances by reason of which justice requires that a stay should
nonetheless not be granted (“Stage Two”) (Rickshaw at [14]; Ivanishvili,
Bidzina and others v Credit Suisse Trust Ltd [2020] 2 SLR 638 (“Ivanishvili”)
at [81]).

60 At Stage One, the legal burden is on the applicant for the stay to show
that there is another forum which is “clearly or distinctly more appropriate”
than Singapore (Ivanishvili at [82]). At this stage, the court considers the
connecting factors that link the dispute with the competing jurisdictions,
which include (Ivanishvili at [82]; Rappo, Tania v Accent Delight
International Ltd and another and another appeal [2017] 2 SLR 265 (“Rappo”) at
[71]):

(a) the personal connections of the parties and the witnesses;

(b) the connections to relevant events and transactions;

(c) the applicable law to the dispute;

(d) the existence of proceedings elsewhere (lis alibi pendens); and

(e) the “shape of the litigation”, viz, the manner in which the claim and the
defence have been pleaded.

61 However, to successfully obtain a stay, it is not enough for the applicant
to merely show that Singapore is not the natural forum (JIO Minerals FZC and
others v Mineral Enterprises Ltd [2011] 1 SLR 391 (“JIO Minerals”) at [53]),
eg, by relying on a host of connecting factors pointing away from Singapore
but which are dispersed amongst several jurisdictions and hence incapable of
pointing towards any particular jurisdiction as the more appropriate forum
(see Siemens AG v Holdrich Investment Ltd [2010] 3 SLR 1007 (“Siemens AG”) at
[4]). This is because Singapore can only be forum non conveniens if the
connecting factors pointing away from Singapore identify a distinctly more
appropriate forum than Singapore, and not merely if those connections outweigh
those which point to Singapore (Siemens AG at [4]).

62 When engaging in the inquiry under Stage One, the court can and should
attribute differing weight to each connecting factor depending on the
particular nature of the dispute (Rickshaw ([58] above) at [23]), and more
weight can be ascribed to those connecting factors corresponding to incidences
that are likely to be material to the fair determination of the dispute (Rappo
at [71]; Lakshmi Anil Salgaocar v Jhaveri Darsan Jitendra [2019] 2 SLR 372
(“Salgaocar”) at [54]). Since the search is for connections that have the most
relevant and substantial associations with the dispute, it is the quality of
the connecting factors (rather than the mere quantity of factors) that is
crucial in this analysis (Rappo at [70]). In this vein, the court will also
weigh the connecting factors with reference to the likely issues, and
connections which have little or no bearing on the adjudication of the issues
in dispute between the parties will generally carry little weight (JIO
Minerals at [41]; Perwira Habib Bank Malaysia Bhd v Soon Peng Yam and others
[1994] 3 SLR(R) 768 at [21]; Yeoh Poh San and another v Won Siok Wan [2002]
SGHC 196 at [18]).

63 At Stage Two, in considering whether a stay should be refused, the main
consideration is whether substantial justice can be obtained in the foreign
prima facie natural forum, and the plaintiff must establish with cogent
evidence that it will be denied substantial justice if the case is not heard
in the forum (JIO Minerals at [43]). The fact that the plaintiff would be
deprived of a legitimate juridical or personal advantage if it were not
allowed to proceed in Singapore will not by itself amount to a denial of
substantial justice (Rappo at [109]). The court will also proceed cautiously
before pronouncing that a litigant will experience a deprivation of
substantial justice if it is left to seek recourse in an available and
appropriate foreign forum, especially if the foreign forum operates a well-
established and well-recognised system of justice (Rappo at [110]).

Stage One

64 BComm identifies four broad connecting factors which it says point towards
the Alternative Fora (in particular, the PRC) as the more appropriate forum:
the governing law of the contract between BComm and Sinopec SG under the LCs,
the personal connections of the witnesses (raising issues of witness
availability and compellability), the location where documentary evidence is
available, and the risk of overlapping proceedings (arising by virtue of the
PRC Civil Proceedings). I will consider these factors in turn.

Governing law

65 The governing law of the dispute is a connecting factor that points to the
courts of the jurisdiction from which that system of law originates as the
more appropriate forum because there will clearly be savings in time and
resources if a court applies the laws of its own jurisdiction to the
substantive dispute (Rickshaw ([58] above) at [42]).

66 The LCs do not contain a provision for governing law. It is common ground
between the parties that the governing law of the LCs is not PRC law. BComm
contends the governing law of the LCs must be Hong Kong law, 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

Notes of Argument, 13 Jul, p 5 lines 27-28.

while Sinopec SG contends that the governing law of the LCs is Singapore law,
or in the alternative, Hong Kong law. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

Notes of Argument, 13 Jul, p 8 line 10, p 10 line 6-8; PWS at para 102.

(1) Determining the governing law of letters of credit

67 In the absence of an express choice of governing law in the LCs, the system
of law with which the contract between the issuing bank and the beneficiary
under the letter of credit is most closely connected is the law of the place
where the documents necessary to procure payment to the beneficiary are to be
presented and checked, and where payment to the beneficiary is to be made
against those documents (Sinotani Pacific Pte Ltd v Agricultural Bank of China
[1999] 2 SLR(R) 970 (“Sinotani”) at [19] and [23]; Marconi Communications v PT
Pan Indonesia Bank [2007] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 72 (“Marconi”) at [43] and [63]).

68 In Sinotani, the letter of credit was a straight credit issued by a Chinese
bank (“ABC”) but it provided that documents may be presented at the Singapore
branch of a Canadian bank (“RBC”) for the purposes of drawing on the credit.
It was argued that the contract between ABC and the beneficiary was governed
by Singapore law as the place of presentation of documents and place of
payment was Singapore. The Court of Appeal rejected that argument. First,
documents were presented in Singapore only for the purpose of forwarding to
ABC’s branch in Dalian, the PRC, as RBC neither had the authority to pay the
beneficiary nor bind ABC by virtue of its acceptance of presented documents in
Singapore, and so any presentation and acceptance of documents only took place
in the PRC (at [26]). Second, the letter of credit had also provided for
payment to be made from ABC’s branch in Dalian (at [27]). The court therefore
found that it was PRC law with which the contract under the letter of credit
had the closest and most real connection.

69 Marconi concerned a letter of credit issued by an Indonesian bank (“Hastin
Bank”) that was advised to the beneficiary by an English bank (“SCB London”)
(at [10]). Another Indonesian bank (“Panin Bank”) acted as a confirming bank
(at [11]). While the credit did not expressly state so, the English Court of
Appeal found that it was a credit available by negotiation, and that Hastin
Bank, Panin Bank and the beneficiary had all contemplated that the credit was
to be operated in favour of the beneficiary through SCB London as the
negotiating bank (at [21]). As things transpired, SCB London did not act as a
negotiating bank, but merely a collecting bank in checking and forwarding the
documents presented by the beneficiary to Panin Bank (at [12] and [54]). Both
Hastin Bank and Panin Bank rejected the documents as a non-compliant
presentation (at [13]). Hastin Bank subsequently became insolvent, and the
beneficiary commenced proceedings against Panin Bank in the English courts. An
issue arose as to the governing law of the contract between the beneficiary
and Panin Bank (as confirming bank) under the letter of credit.

70 The English Court of Appeal found that it was English law with which the
contract between Panin Bank and the beneficiary had the closest connection
because, since the credit was available by negotiation at SCB London, the
contemplated place for presentation of documents and payment was England (at
[64]-[66]). The English Court of Appeal also endorsed the reasoning of the
trial judge that it did not matter that SCB London did not actually act as a
negotiating bank because it was the availability of SCB London as a
negotiating bank that gave rise to the closeness of connection with England
(at [54]). In this vein, the court added that the proper approach in
identifying the governing law of the contract under the letter of credit is to
look at how the contract was intended by its terms to operate at the time it
was made, rather than to look at what in fact occurred (at [55]).

(2) The governing law of the LCs

71 In this case, Field 41D of the LCs provided that they were “available with
any bank by negotiation” [emphasis added]. Sinopec SG could therefore choose
to present its documents and obtain payment at any bank of its choice, which
would have been authorised by the terms of the LCs to give value for drafts
drawn by Sinopec SG on BComm against compliant documents. In the event,
Westpac HK acted as the advising bank and communicated the terms of the LCs to
Sinopec SG. Sinopec SG also made the Presentation at Westpac HK, which then
transmitted the documents on to BComm Tokyo (see [6] above).

72 Sinopec SG argues that the fact that the LCs were available with any bank
by negotiation meant that Singapore law is the governing law of the LCs,
because it could have gone to any bank in Singapore to negotiate the LCs. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

Notes of Arguments, 13 Jul, p 10 lines 7-9.

However, BComm argues that this ignores the fact that Sinopec SG had made the
Presentation at Westpac HK, and consequently, its likely expectation was that
it would be paid through Westpac HK had the Presentation been deemed
compliant. As such, according to BComm, the place where Sinopec SG was to be
paid, and the place where documents were to be presented, and checked before
such payment was made, was Hong Kong.

73 In the case of a freely negotiable credit, since the beneficiary is free to
present documents and obtain payment at any bank of its choice, the place of
actual presentation of documents and payment is at the beneficiary’s choosing.
However, that cannot mean that the place, and the corresponding system of law,
with which the contract under the letter of credit has its closest connection
will depend on where the beneficiary eventually decides to negotiate its
documents. Contracts are incapable of existing in a legal vacuum and are made
by reference to some system of law which defines the obligations assumed by
the parties and prescribes remedies enforceable in a court of justice for
failure to perform any of these obligations (Amin Rasheed Shipping Corporation
v Kuwait Insurance Co [1984] 1 AC 50 at 65). The contract between the issuing
bank and a beneficiary under a letter of credit is formed and the issuing bank
becomes irrevocably bound to honour the credit when the credit is communicated
to the beneficiary (Sinotani ([67] above) at [24]; Jack ([6] above) at para
5.3). The place and the corresponding system of law that is most closely
connected must therefore also be determined at that time, and not subsequently
when the beneficiary presents documents pursuant to the terms of the credit.
For example, in Marconi ([67] above), it did not matter that SCB London did
not eventually negotiate the credit and merely acted as a collecting bank -
given the designation of SCB London under the terms of the credit as the
negotiating bank, it had been in the anticipation of the parties at the time
when the contract was made that the beneficiary would present documents to,
and be paid by, SCB London in England, and that sufficed to render English law
most closely connected to the credit (at [55] and [66]).

74 In my judgment, in the case of a freely negotiable credit (like the LCs)
where the beneficiary may present documents and obtain payment at any bank of
its choice, the system of law with which the contract between the issuing bank
and the beneficiary has its closest connection is that of the place where
parties had contemplated that documents would be presented and payment made,
at the time when the terms of the letter of credit were communicated to the
beneficiary.

75 In this case, Sinopec SG is a Singapore-incorporated company and conducts
business operations out of Singapore. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

Zhao’s 1st Affidavit at para 14.

The commercial purpose of a letter of credit is to provide the beneficiary
with the right to receive payment against compliant documents in a particular
country, usually that in which it carries on business (Marconi at [62]).
Therefore, the ordinary expectation of parties at the time when the terms of
the LCs were communicated to Sinopec SG was that Sinopec SG would have
negotiated documents and sought to obtain payment in Singapore, the place at
which it carries on business. It would have been in the contemplation of the
parties at the material time that the place of presentation of documents and
payment under the LCs was Singapore. I am therefore inclined to the view that
Singapore law is the governing law of the contract between Sinopec SG and
BComm under the LCs.

76 The fact that the terms of the LCs had been communicated by Westpac HK to
Sinopec SG is not inconsistent with the view that I have expressed earlier. An
advising bank which communicates the terms of a letter of credit to the
beneficiary does not undertake any obligation to the beneficiary unless it
adds its confirmation to the credit (see Art. 9(a) of the UCP 600). It does
not appear that Westpac HK, which acted as the advising bank, had added its
confirmation to the LCs, nor does it appear that Westpac HK had been invited
by BComm to do so. In my view, the circumstances in which the LCs had been
communicated therefore do not necessarily convey the impression that Hong Kong
had been contemplated by parties as the place for presentation of the
documents or for payment. In any event, for the purposes of the Stay
Application, I do not have to come to a firm conclusion at this stage of the
proceedings as to what the governing law of the LCs are. It suffices to state
that I am not persuaded that Hong Kong had been in parties’ contemplation at
the time the contract under the LCs was formed as the place where documents
were to be presented, and where payment was to be made, and so Hong Kong law
is unlikely to be the governing law.

77 Given my tentative view that the governing law of the contract between
BComm and Sinopec SG is Singapore law, this connecting factor does not
identify an alternate jurisdiction for the purposes of Stage One. However,
even if the governing law were Hong Kong law and so identifies Hong Kong as an
alternate jurisdiction, this does not change the overall result in so far as
this connecting factor is concerned under Stage One. This is because both
parties are in agreement that, whether it is Hong Kong law or Singapore law
that is the governing law, there is no substantive difference in the legal
principles that will apply to the dispute at hand. In any event, there is no
evidence placed before me as to how Hong Kong law would differ from Singapore
law in so far as the fraud defence to a claim under letters of credit is
concerned. This is unsurprising given that both Singapore and Hong Kong are
leading centres of business and commerce, and they also share a similar common
law legal tradition.

78 This has some consequences as to the weight to be attributed to the
governing law as a connecting factor, even if the governing law of the LCs
were Hong Kong law. The governing law of a transaction is regarded as a
relevant connecting factor in a dispute governed by foreign law because the
foreign forum will be more adept at applying its own laws than a court of
another system of law, and so litigation in that foreign forum produces cost
and resource savings (CIMB Bank Bhd v Dresdner Kleinwort Ltd [2008] 4 SLR(R)
543 (“CIMB”) at [63]). In this case, given the absence of any evidence to the
contrary, I can proceed on the basis that Hong Kong law is no different from
Singapore law as to the relevant legal principles that would apply (see The
“Chem Orchid” [2015] 2 SLR 1020 at [159]). That being so, I can only conclude
that the Singapore courts would not face any difficulty in applying Hong Kong
law to resolve the dispute between the parties. Litigating the dispute in Hong
Kong will therefore not produce any cost or resource savings and the reasons
ordinarily justifying the treatment of governing law as a connecting factor do
not apply.

79 Furthermore, as will be explained in more detail in the course of this
judgment, given the nature of the defence which BComm says it intends to rely
on in refusing to honour the LCs, it does not appear to me that the present
case would raise any novel issues of law about the fraud defence to a claim
under letters of credit. In situations like these, little weight is usually
given to the governing law as a connecting factor, as the following extract
from Dicey, Morris and Collins on The Conflict of Laws (Sweet & Maxwell, 14th
Ed, 2006), approved by the Court of Appeal in CIMB at [61], explains:

If the legal issues are straightforward, or if the competing fora have
domestic laws which are substantially similar, the identity of the governing
law will be a factor of rather little significance.

80 Therefore, even if the governing law of the LCs were Hong Kong law and so
constitute a connecting factor in favour of Hong Kong, I find that little to
no weight may be accorded to that factor at Stage One.

Personal connections of the witnesses

81 Connections relating to witnesses encompass two distinct factors: (a) the
convenience in having the case decided in the forum where the witnesses are
ordinarily resident (ie, the locations of the witnesses); and (b) the
compellability of those witnesses (JIO Minerals ([61] above) at [63]). Where
the main disputes in the action revolve around questions of fact, these
factors take on greater significance because there would be savings of time
and resources if the trial is held in the forum in which witnesses reside and
where they are clearly compellable to testify (Rickshaw ([58] above) at [19]).

82 To appreciate the significance of this connecting factor, the court must
consider what evidence would likely be needed in relation to the claims made
in the action before the forum (Ivanishvili ([59] above) at [85]). The court
will focus on the issues that are in dispute, and what evidence is needed in
respect of those issues. In this regard, the focus is not on the evidence the
plaintiff requires to establish its allegations, but on the potential
prejudice to the defendant in running its defence if evidence from particular
witnesses is unavailable (Ivanishvili at [86]).

83 A defendant who argues that the presence of witnesses in a foreign
jurisdiction renders it the more appropriate forum should at least show that
the evidence from those foreign witnesses is arguably relevant to its defence
- it is not permitted to simply assert, without substantiation, that it
requires foreign witnesses (JIO Minerals at [67]). However, it is also not
required to demonstrate exactly how the testimony of those witnesses will be
used and whether it is material to its defence because the court should not,
at this interlocutory stage, predetermine the witnesses that the parties
should call (JIO Minerals at [66]).

84 The physical locations of witnesses are generally of less significance in
present times given the ease of travel and the option of giving evidence from
a foreign jurisdiction by video-link. Indeed, given the ongoing COVID-19
pandemic, which will result in witnesses increasingly having to give evidence
by video-link due to travel and other restrictions, their place of residence
or physical locations will generally be less important (Bunge SA and another v
Shrikant Bhasi and other appeals [2020] 2 SLR 1223 (“Bunge”) at [50]).

85 However, since a Singapore court cannot compel a foreign witness to testify
physically in a Singapore court or via video-link (see O 38 r 18(2) of the
Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed) (“the Rules of Court”)), the
compellability of a foreign witness remains relevant, and it is a factor that
points towards the jurisdiction in which that witness ordinarily resides as
the more appropriate forum (JIO Minerals ([61] above) at [71]). The
compellability of a witness to testify if the dispute was heard in the foreign
jurisdiction in which he resides is a matter of foreign law and can be
addressed by way of expert evidence (see JIO Minerals at [72]-[73]).
Nevertheless, the absence of evidence of such foreign law should not be seen
as reducing the weight associated to this connecting factor in an appropriate
case because it remains the case that a foreign witness is more likely to
testify if the dispute were heard in the foreign court where that witness is
resident, than if it were heard in Singapore (see JIO Minerals at [74]).

86 Since the attendance of witnesses related to the parties can usually be
secured even if they are not compellable to testify, the issue of
compellability of witnesses should be focused on third-party witnesses over
whom the parties to the dispute have no control and whom the parties may not
be able to persuade to give evidence voluntarily in the absence of their
compellability (Salgaocar ([62] above) at [73]; Ivanishvili ([59] above) at
[84]).

87 There is, in general, no disagreement between the parties as to the legal
principles set out above in relation to the personal connections of the
witnesses. There is, however, one significant point of contention relating to
the compellability of witnesses. That is whether the defendant seeking a stay
of proceedings must first show that a witness is unwilling to testify in
Singapore before the compellability of that witness can be a relevant
consideration for the purposes of identifying a connecting factor for Stage
One. Sinopec SG argues that there is such a requirement. It relies on Bunge
([84] above), where the Court of Appeal had stated: “the issue of
compellability only arises if there is some indication that the relevant
witness is unwilling to testify” (at [50]). BComm submits that there is no
such requirement.

88 First, my review of the case law in Singapore prior to Bunge shows that
compellability only becomes irrelevant when there is evidence that a witness,
ordinarily residing in a foreign jurisdiction, is willing to come forward and
testify in Singapore. In the absence of such evidence, a witness will not be
taken to be willing to testify outside of his jurisdiction of residence, and
so the compellability of a witness ordinarily points towards the jurisdiction
in which he resides as the more appropriate forum.

89 In JIO Minerals ([61] above), the Court of Appeal found that the fact that
particular witnesses were compellable only in Indonesia but not Singapore
pointed to Indonesia as the natural forum. The court accepted that the
compellability of the Indonesian witnesses was in issue and presented a
relevant connecting factor even though it does not appear that there had been
any suggestion that those witnesses were unwilling to testify in Singapore. It
appeared to be sufficient that those witnesses were located outside of
Singapore and in Indonesia, even if there had been no evidence that they were
unwilling to come forward to testify in Singapore - in fact, the court had
found that those witnesses were more likely to testify in Indonesia, even if
they were not strictly compellable under Indonesian law (at [71]-[74]).
Similarly, in Ivanishvili ([59] above), the Court of Appeal explained that,
where there is a high likelihood of there being relevant witnesses who are
non-compellable in Singapore, that would in principle be a factor pointing
away from Singapore as the appropriate forum, even if such witnesses have not
actually been identified (at [94]). If the relevant witnesses have not been
identified, then a fortiori it could not have been possible for the defendant
seeking a stay of proceedings to show that these witnesses are unwilling to
testify in Singapore. Therefore, emphasis was placed by the court on the
compellability of a witness to testify in Singapore, and not the unwillingness
of a witness to testify in Singapore.

90 Therefore, the approach taken by our courts is that it will ordinarily
proceed on the basis that compellability is in issue, unless shown otherwise
by evidence of the willingness of a foreign witness to testify in Singapore.
However, the approach advocated by Sinopec SG proceeds on the opposite premise
– that compellability is not in issue, unless shown otherwise by evidence of
the unwillingness of a foreign witness to testify in Singapore.

91 Second, I think that there may be practical difficulties if a defendant
seeking a stay of proceedings is required to demonstrate, at an early stage of
the proceedings, that the witnesses which it intends to call are unwilling to
testify in Singapore. A defendant is not required to establish the materiality
of any of its potential witnesses at this stage; it suffices that these
witnesses are at least arguably relevant to its defence (see [83] above). As
such, there is usually no certainty that any such witnesses will be called for
the trial. I think it may be too much to expect of a defendant if it is
required to obtain some confirmation from each and every such potential
witness, who may be dispersed across different jurisdictions, stating that
they are unwilling to come forward and testify in Singapore, at a time when
its defence has not even been filed and all the disputed issues may not even
be clear.

92 Third, the observations of the Court of Appeal in Bunge ([84] above) must
be seen in the context of the particular facts in that case. In that case, the
High Court had dismissed an application by the defendant for a stay of the
Singapore proceedings in favour of India: see Grains and Industrial Products
Trading Pte Ltd and another v State Bank of India and others [2019] SGHC 292
(“Grains”) at [195]-[207]. On appeal, the defendant argued that the dispute
had strong connections to India (which pointed to India as being the more
appropriate forum) because, inter alia, some critical witnesses who were
resident in India were not compellable as far as the Singapore proceedings
were concerned (at [46]). These witnesses included one Ms Jadhav, who was an
employee in the second plaintiff’s group of companies.

93 It was the defendant’s own case that Ms Jadhav would more likely testify if
the claim were heard in India (at [50]). In my view, it was implicit in this
argument that Ms Jadhav would, at the very least, have been willing to testify
in Singapore, although less likely than if proceedings were in India. Where a
witness is willing to testify in Singapore, then the issue of compellability
becomes irrelevant (see [88]-[90] above). Hence, the Court of Appeal did not
have to deal with any issue of compellability of Ms Jadhav given that it
appeared that she was willing to testify for the Singapore proceedings. That
explains the Court of Appeal’s comment (as set out at [87] above) about no
issue of compellability arising because there was no evidence of the witness
being unwilling to testify. Further, given that Ms Jadhav was in the employ of
the second plaintiff’s group of companies and that her testimony was directly
relevant to a key issue of fact (see Grains at [48]-[54] and [200]), it would
be most unlikely that the second plaintiff would not procure her as a witness
to the proceedings in Singapore, given that, otherwise, adverse inferences
might be drawn. Notably, the Court of Appeal in Bunge also added that
“considerations of witness … compellability must be specific to both the
prevailing external situation and a party’s own case” (at [50]). In my view,
this is a recognition that the relevance of the issue of witness
compellability differs from one case to another. As such, I do not think that
the Court of Appeal intended to lay down a universal requirement that a
defendant must first show that particular witnesses are unwilling to testify
before their compellability can be said to be an issue for the purposes of
Stage One of the Spiliada test.

94 With these legal considerations out of the way, I move now to consider the
issues in dispute, the arguably relevant witnesses in relation to those
issues, and their personal connections.

(1) BComm’s defence to non-payment under the LCs

95 I begin by considering the nature of BComm’s defence to the claim under the
LCs. In the Suit, Sinopec SG claims in its capacity as a beneficiary of the
LCs against BComm as an issuer of the letter of credit. The autonomous nature
of documentary credits means that the bank’s payment obligation under the
letter of credit is treated as being independent of the underlying transaction
in respect of which the credit was issued, as well as the performance of that
transaction. However, BComm’s payment obligation under the LCs is not absolute
and it may avail itself of a defence to Sinopec SG’s claim on the basis of
recognised exceptions to the autonomous nature of letters of credit.

96 The scope of such defences will differ depending on the system of law which
governs the LCs (which, as I noted earlier, contain no provision for governing
law: at [5]). Under Singapore law (as well as English law), one established
exception to the autonomy principle that justifies a bank’s refusal to honour
a letter of credit is where the beneficiary, for the purpose of drawing on the
credit, fraudulently presents to the bank documents that contain, expressly or
by implication, material representations of fact that, to his knowledge, are
untrue (United City Merchants (Investments) Ltd v Royal Bank of Canada [1983]
1 AC 168 (“United City Merchants”) at 183). An allegation that there had been
fraud in the underlying sale contracts in respect of which the letter of
credit had been issued does not justify the issuing bank’s refusal to honour
its payment obligations (see, eg, Brody, White and Co Inc v Chemet Handel
Trading (S) Pte Ltd [1992] 3 SLR(R) 146 at [22]); the scope of the fraud
exception is limited to fraud in the presentation of documents under the
credit and not that in the underlying transaction itself.

97 Given the narrow compass of the fraud exception, BComm recognises that it
will not suffice to only contend that the Cargo had been the subject of the
Alleged Prior Contracts, or that Sinopec SG was seeking to re-sell to SIH
under the Sale Contracts goods that it had previously sold to the Zhong Tuo
Group entities under the Alleged Prior Contracts. That can only show fraud in
the Sale Contracts and no more than that.

98 Instead, BComm has maintained that its defence to the claim under the LCs
falls squarely within the scope of the fraud exception as set out in United
City Merchants because there has been fraud in the presentation of the
documents for payment under the LCs. It argues, relying on The Yue You 902 and
another matter [2020] 3 SLR 573 (“The Yue You”), that the Discharge had
rendered the BLs “spent” because the Cargo had been released to persons
entitled to delivery under the bills of lading. According to counsel for
BComm, that had been the case here because, pursuant to the Discharge, the
Cargo had been released to the Zhong Tuo Group entities, which had been
entitled to take delivery of the Cargo under the Alleged Prior Contracts.

99 BComm also argues that, while the Discharge had only taken place against
the LOIs (and not presentation of the BLs), that would nonetheless have
rendered the BLs spent. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

DWS at paras 53.3-53.4.

In The Yue You, the court accepted that a bill of lading will only become
“spent” if cargo was delivered to a person entitled to delivery under the bill
(at [65] and [74]). Without deciding the issue, the court expressed preference
for the view that a bill of lading would also become spent even if delivery to
a person entitled to delivery of the cargo had only taken place against a
letter of indemnity without surrender of the bill of lading, because whether a
bill becomes spent depends on whether delivery had been made to the right
person (at [69]).

100 According to BComm, the fact that the BLs as presented were already spent
meant that, despite their apparent conformity with the terms of the LCs, they
were no longer effective documents of title. A bill of lading functions as a
document of title enabling the consignee to take delivery of the goods or
dispose of them by transfer of the bill of lading (see The Star Quest and
other matters [2016] 3 SLR 1280 at [17]). It therefore carries with it the
implied representation that it is an effective document of title. In the
present case, given that the BLs were already spent, this representation was
untrue.

101 Further, that the BLs were spent was something which Sinopec SG would have
known about. This is because Sinopec SG knew that the Cargo had been the
subject of the Alleged Prior Contracts between itself and the respective Zhong
Tuo Group entities, that the Zhong Tuo Group entities were entitled to
delivery of the Cargo under those contracts, and that the Discharge to them
had taken place pursuant to those contracts.

102 BComm thus argues that Sinopec SG, by presenting the spent BLs, was
knowingly making a misrepresentation to BComm that the BLs were effective
documents of title to the Cargo. As such, there was fraud in the presentation
of documents that fell within the scope of the fraud exception to the autonomy
principle. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

Defendant’s Supplemental Submissions dated 3 Aug 2021 (“DSS”) at para 10.

BComm relies on the following extract from United City Merchants ([96] above)
in support of this argument (at 187E):

… if [the beneficiary] presented documents with knowledge that this apparent
conformity with the terms and conditions of the credit was due to the fact
that the documents told a lie, the seller/beneficiary would himself be a party
to the misrepresentation made to the confirming bank by the lie in the
documents and the case would come within the fraud exception.

103 I have set out BComm’s arguments above so that I can proceed to then
consider the witnesses it will require to make out its defence of fraud. I
have refrained from expressing any view on the merits of its arguments since
the court is not required to express a view on whether there is a viable
defence to the claim as part of the forum non conveniens analysis (see, eg,
The Rainbow Joy [2005] 3 SLR(R) 719 at [27]).

(2) Is the testimony of the required witnesses arguably relevant to BComm’s
fraud defence?

104 BComm’s fraud defence turns on the legal effect of the BLs at the time of
the Presentation - they must have been spent at that time so that the
Presentation would have entailed Sinopec SG making a misrepresentation to
BComm. To establish that the BLs were spent, BComm must show that the Zhong
Tuo Group entities had been entitled to delivery of the Cargo under the BLs at
the time of the Discharge. Although the BLs have identified the respective
Zhong Tuo Group entities as the “notify party”, that per se did not mean that
they were entitled to receive the Cargo (see also Richard Aikens, Richard Lord
and Michael Bools, Bills of Lading (Informa, 2nd Ed, 2015) at para 3.124,
which explains that the notify party is neither a party to the contract of
carriage nor a person entitled to possession of the goods). To succeed in its
defence, BComm must therefore prove that the Alleged Prior Contracts exist so
that the Zhong Tuo Group entities would have been contractually entitled to
delivery of the Cargo. For this, it will require evidence as to whether there
had been any pre-existing contractual relationship between Sinopec SG and the
respective Zhong Tuo Group entities relating to the Cargo at the time of the
Discharge.

105 I now turn to each of the different witnesses, categorised by the
organisation to which they belong, and consider if it is likely that the facts
within their personal knowledge, and the testimony which they can give, are
arguably relevant in relation to the issue of whether the Alleged Prior
Contracts exist. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

DWS at para 55.

Entity which the witness belongs to| Witness| Role  
---|---|---  
SIH (“the SIH Witnesses”)| Feng Jun| Chairman  
Mao Jian Yi | President   
Meng Yin Fa | Former General Manager   
Yuan Jing Qing| Deputy Department Head, Finance  
Shanghai International Corporation (“SIC”), a wholly-owned subsidiary of SIH
110

##### Foot Note 110

× Liu’s 1st Affidavit at para 24.3; Chen’s 1st Affidavit at para 18.  (“the
SIC Witnesses”)| Li Xiang Yang| General Manager  
Chen Xin Yan | Employee  
China Jinshan (“the China Jinshan Witnesses”) | Xia Sen| Vice General Manager  
Sun Zhen Guo | Deputy Manager   
Zhong Tuo Group (“the Zhong Tuo Group Witnesses”) | Lv Qing Qing | Business Manager at HKZT  
Chen Zeng Chun | Director at HKZT and Executive Managing Director at HZHS  
Shanghai Jinshan (cf [130] below) | Peng Xiang | Employee  
Shanghai PSB (“the Shanghai PSB Witnesses”) | Captain Zhou Hai Feng| Captain of the First Team of the Shanghai PSB’s Economic Crime Investigation Department. 111

##### Foot Note 111

× Liu’s 1st Affidavit at para 22.1.  
Captain Xu Qin| Vice-Captain of the First Brigade of the First Team of the
Shanghai PSB’s Economic Crime Investigation Department. 112

##### Foot Note 112

× Liu’s 1st Affidavit at para 22.2.  
Bank of China, Tokyo Branch (“the BOC Tokyo Witnesses”) | Dai Ying | Former General Manager  
Lu Qiang | Department Head for Trade and Services  
Yun Yi | Vice President   
BComm (“the BComm Witnesses”) | Xin Hongqi| Employees from BComm Tokyo who have attended the 24 Sep Meeting with the Shanghai PSB. 113

##### Foot Note 113

× Liu’s 1st Affidavit at para 22.  
Yao Yi Fan  
Peng Yun  
He Yiying  
Liu Jun  
Sinopec Jiangsu (“the Sinopec Jiangsu Witnesses”)| Yu Miao| Deputy Director  
Mei Hailiang| Deputy General Manager  
Sinopec Chemical Sales (Shanghai) Co Ltd | Chang Jian Hua | Business Department Manager   
  
(A) The SIH Witnesses

106 I accept that the SIH Witnesses can testify on the precise role which SIH
has played by entering into the Sale Contracts, which is also a point in
dispute between the parties (see [40] above). These witnesses can testify as
to whether SIH had agreed to act as a credit facilitator when it entered into
the Sale Contracts, and thus had taken on the credit risk of the Zhong Tuo
Group entities. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

Chen’s 4th Affidavit at para 46.3.

However, it is unclear to me how such evidence will be relevant in
establishing BComm’s fraud defence.

107 First, as a matter of principle, whether BComm may avail itself of any
defences to non-payment under the LCs must be independent of the reason why
SIH had entered into the Sale Contracts. Whether SIH had agreed to act as a
credit facilitator would arguably be relevant to the question of whether it
had a claim against Sinopec SG for not having good title to the goods that it
purportedly sold under the Sale Contracts. However, because of the autonomous
nature of letters of credit, disputes between buyer and seller arising from
the underlying sales contract cannot affect the issuing bank’s separate
payment obligation in the corresponding letter of credit.

108 Second, what appears critical to BComm’s fraud defence is whether the BLs
were spent and had ceased to be effective documents of title at the time of
the Presentation. That is dependent on whether there had been any contractual
relationship between Sinopec SG and the respective Zhong Tuo Group entities
relating to the Cargo at the time of the Discharge, and pursuant to which the
Discharge might have taken place. Since SIH is neither a party to the Alleged
Prior Contracts, nor does it appear to have been involved in any dealings
relating to the Cargo prior to the date of the Sale Contracts, the SIH
Witnesses cannot shed light on whether the Alleged Prior Contracts exist. They
can only testify as to SIH’s own dealings with Sinopec SG, and whether they
believed that Sinopec SG had good title to the Cargo sold under the Sale
Contracts.

109 Quite apart from the relevance of their evidence to the critical issue in
dispute, BComm faces another serious problem in showing the personal
connections of the SIH Witnesses to any particular jurisdiction. Despite the
claimed importance of the SIH Witnesses to its defence, BComm has not put
forward in its affidavits any evidence to suggest where these witnesses are
located. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

Liu’s 4th Affidavit at para 38; Chen’s 4th Affidavit at para 46.3; Zhao’s 4th
Affidavit at para 43.

Indeed, at the hearing before me, BComm’s counsel argued that, while there is
no evidence before the court as to the locations of these witnesses, they were
probably either in Japan or the PRC because they are PRC nationals, and SIH is
a Japanese-incorporated company. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

Notes of Argument, 13 Jul, p 4 lines 21-23.

110 Counsel for Sinopec SG argues that since these employees work for a
Japanese company, the more natural inference is that they are presently in
Japan. However, this is met with the response by opposing counsel that,
regardless of where the SIH Witnesses are actually located, they are
effectively compellable to testify in the PRC because PRC nationals are
unlikely to defy any order by the courts of their home country to give witness
testimony. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

DWS at para 58.2.2; Liu’s 4th Affidavit at para 38.1.

I am sceptical of the factual premise of this submission by BComm’s counsel. I
find it rather speculative. But, even if it were correct, it did not mean that
the SIH Witnesses are compellable to testify in the PRC, if they are presently
resident outside of the PRC. It only means that they are willing to do so if
any legal proceedings were to take place in the PRC. In the absence of clear
evidence as to where the SIH Witnesses are exactly located, I find that the
compellability of these witnesses cannot present a connecting factor in favour
of any particular jurisdiction for the purposes of Stage One.

111 I also observe that BComm’s arguments (in respect of the alleged
connecting factors presented by the SIH Witnesses) appear to suggest that it
did not matter, for the purposes of the analysis at Stage One, whether the SIH
Witnesses were located in Japan or PRC, so long as they were located outside
of Singapore, as that would point towards either Japan and/or the PRC as the
more appropriate forum than Singapore to try the dispute. That approach raises
difficulties. Under Stage One, BComm must identify a jurisdiction that is a
distinctly more appropriate forum than Singapore, ie, the connections pointing
toward that particular jurisdiction must overwhelm those that point towards
Singapore (see [61] above). The fact that BComm is unable to point to the
particular jurisdiction in which the SIH Witnesses are located means that it
is unable to identify the jurisdiction in which these witnesses are
compellable to testify and which connections may overwhelm those in favour of
Singapore, and so it has failed to identify any jurisdiction as the more
appropriate forum.

(B) The SIC Witnesses

112 The evidence which BComm says each of the SIC Witnesses may provide
differ, and so I will consider them separately.

113 BComm submits that Chen Xin Yan can give evidence of the attempts which
SIH made to locate the Cargo after it learnt of HKZT’s financial difficulties.
118

##### Foot Note 118

×

Chen’s 1st Affidavit at para 30.2; Chen’s 4th Affidavit at para 46.5.

I am not persuaded that this would be relevant to the question of whether the
BLs were already spent at the time of the Discharge. Whether the BLs were
spent in this case does not depend on the location of the Cargo at the time of
the Presentation, but on the terms pursuant to which the Discharge had taken
place. Any attempts by SIH to locate the Cargo will not shed light on whether
the Alleged Prior Contracts exist. Moreover, the location of the Cargo at the
time of the Presentation is not in dispute, and it is common ground between
parties that the Cargo had already been released into the custody of the Zhong
Tuo Group entities by then.

114 In any event, BComm has not specified where Chen Xin Yan is presently
located and in which jurisdiction will she be compellable to testify. As such,
even if her evidence were relevant, her compellability does not constitute a
connecting factor capable of identifying a more appropriate forum than
Singapore.

115 Li Xiang Yang was the contact person for each of the Downstream Contracts
which were entered into between SIH and HKZT. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

Chen’s 1st Affidavit at para 18; Chen’s 4th Affidavit at para 46.4.

According to BComm, he would be able to testify as to the arrangements between
SIH and HKZT and provide relevant evidence on the role which SIH had played by
entering into the Sale Contracts. However, whether SIH entered into the Sale
Contracts as a credit facilitator is not relevant to BComm’s fraud defence.
That can only be relevant for the purposes of determining if SIH had been
defrauded by Sinopec SG under the Sale Contracts (see [107] above). As such,
while Sinopec SG and BComm appear to be in agreement that Li Xiang Yang is
presently detained in the PRC due to the PRC Criminal Investigations, 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

Chen’s 4th Affidavit at para 46.4; Liu’s 4th Affidavit at para 33; Zhao’s 4th
Affidavit at para 37.

so that it is not in dispute that he is located in the PRC, I am not persuaded
that his evidence is relevant to BComm’s fraud defence.

116 Finally, I should add that, BComm also says that Li Xiang Yang is a
relevant witness because, given that he has been detained as a subject in the
PRC Criminal Investigations, 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

Liu’s 4th Affidavit at para 33; Zhao’s 4th Affidavit at para 37.

he would likely have knowledge of the alleged fraud. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

Chen’s 4th Affidavit at para 46.4; DWS Tab F at para 4.1.4.

I reject that. It is rather speculative to say that Li Xiang Yang’s evidence
is relevant simply because he has come under investigation, when it is not at
all clear what he had come under investigation for, and whether that is in
fact related to BComm’s allegations of fraud and the conduct of Sinopec SG
which it complains of (bearing in mind that Li Xiang Yang is not an officer of
any of the Sinopec Group entities). Moreover, the relevance of the PRC
Criminal Investigations to BComm’s fraud defence is also uncertain (see [159]
below).

(C) The China Jinshan Witnesses

117 Both of the China Jinshan Witnesses, Xia Sen and Sun Zhen Guo, are
subjects of the PRC Criminal Investigations. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

Liu’s 1st Affidavit at paras 29.2-29.3 and pp 31-32; Chen’s 4th Affidavit at
para 46.14.

Sinopec SG and BComm also appear to be in agreement that both of them are
presently detained in the PRC in connection with the investigations. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

Liu’s 4th Affidavit at para 33; Zhao’s 4th Affidavit at para 37.

118 BComm has not attempted to explain how Sun Zhen Guo is a relevant witness
for its fraud defence, apart from the fact that he is a subject of the PRC
Criminal Investigations. The fact of his detention is not a sufficient basis
to show the relevance of his evidence. First, BComm has not explained in its
affidavits clearly what are the offences for which Sun Zhen Guo is being
investigated. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

Liu’s 1st Affidavit at para 29.3; Chen 1st Affidavit at para 47.3.

There is, however, an unsubstantiated allegation that Sun Zhen Guo is under
investigation for fraud relating to the Sale Contracts. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

Chen’s 4th Affidavit at para 46.14.

However, that is hardly enough, and it remains unclear to me what relevant
evidence Sun Zhen Guo can give especially since China Jinshan does not appear
to feature directly in the chain transaction involving the Cargo.

119 Second, the PRC Criminal Investigations also appear to cover three other
letter of credit transactions other than the LCs issued by BComm (see [16]
above). As such, it may well be the case that Sun Zhen Guo was only involved
in the transactions relating to those other letters of credit, and not those
that are the subject of the Suit. The onus is on BComm to adduce some evidence
to show that Sun Zhen Guo had been involved in the transactions relating to
the LCs, but it has not done so.

120 One of BComm’s early affidavits states that Sun Zhen Guo had been copied
in the email in which the LOI for the release of the shipment of the Cargo on
board the Korea Victory had been sent by Peng Xiang to the shipper (see also
[130] below). 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

Chen’s 2nd Affidavit at para 21.1.

I do not consider that alone will make him an arguably relevant witness. Being
copied in the email as such can only show that Sun Zhen Guo knew of the LOI’s
existence, but that did not mean that he knew why the LOI had been issued -
such as if there had been some contractual relationship between Sinopec SG and
the respective Zhong Tuo Group entities so that it was necessary to facilitate
the release of the Cargo to them. It is the latter, and not the former, which
is relevant to BComm’s fraud defence. Moreover, it was Shanghai Jinshan, and
not China Jinshan (where Sun Zhen Guo works) which issued the said LOI.

121 I also find that BComm has not shown that Xia Sen is a relevant witness.
For him, BComm largely relies on what it had been informed by the Shanghai PSB
officers at the 24 Sep Meeting in relation to the progress of the PRC Criminal
Investigations. At that meeting, those officers purportedly identified Xia Sen
as “the mastermind behind the case”, and also added that Xia Sen had given
direct instructions for the release of “two … lots of goods” to the Zhong Tuo
Group. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

Liu’s 1st Affidavit at para 24.2 and 24.6; Chen’s 4th Affidavit at para 46.13.

122 However, in none of the affidavits filed did BComm provide further
elaboration on what it meant by Xia Sen being a “mastermind behind the case”.
Was he a mastermind in the sense that he had come up with the idea of
contriving the Sale Contracts as a means for Sinopec SG to obtain payment for
the Cargo which Sinopec SG had become unable to recover from the Zhong Tuo
Group entities by July 2019? If so, this appears to contradict BComm’s own
evidence that it was Sinopec SG which decided to alter the documentation for
the Alleged Prior Contracts between itself and the respective Zhong Tuo Group
entities into a sequence of deals involving Sinopec SG, SIH and HKZT, thereby
giving rise, inter alia, to the Sale Contracts between Sinopec SG and SIH (see
[28] above). 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

Liu’s 1st Affidavit at para 24.8.

Moreover, it has not been suggested that, in doing what BComm alleges it did,
Sinopec SG had acted on the instructions of Xia Sen.

123 There has also been no evidence in these proceedings that Sinopec SG would
have acted on the instructions of China Jinshan at any point in time for the
chain transaction. To claim that Xia Sen was a “mastermind” is simply
ambiguous and it is for BComm, in discharging its legal burden under Stage
One, to at least show that he would have been privy to the alleged contractual
arrangements between Sinopec SG and the respective Zhong Tuo Group entities at
the time of the Discharge before his evidence can be considered to be arguably
relevant on the issue of whether the Alleged Prior Contracts exist.

124 Similarly, in none of the affidavits filed did BComm elaborate on which
were the “two … lots of goods” that Xia Sen had given direct instructions for
release to the Zhong Tuo Group. Since the PRC Criminal Investigations
apparently concern seven letters of credit (out of which four were the LCs),
the “two … lots of goods” referred to here may possibly have been part of the
Cargo, but there was also a distinct possibility that they were not. Again, it
was for BComm, in discharging its legal burden under Stage One, to at least
show that Xia Sen had been involved in relation to the Cargo and the Discharge
before his evidence may be arguably relevant on the issue of whether the
Alleged Prior Contracts exist.

125 BComm also claims that Xia Sen is a relevant witness because he had given
Sinopec SG the instructions that SIH would purportedly be acting as a credit
facilitator for the Zhong Tuo Group. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

Chen’s 4th Affidavit at para 46.13.

I am not satisfied that that makes him a relevant witness. The fact that Xia
Sen gave instructions about SIH acting as a credit facilitator goes towards
the issue of what were the Sale Contracts for, and the reasons for which SIH
had entered into the Sale Contracts. However, as I have stated earlier, that
issue is not relevant to BComm’s fraud defence (see [107] above). Moreover,
since China Jinshan does not appear to have been involved in the chain
transaction as described by Sinopec SG, the fact that Xia Sen had given such
instructions cannot per se be reflective of any possible contractual
arrangements that may have been made between Sinopec SG and the recipient of
the Cargo. Indeed, Xia Sen could also have given such instructions for a
multitude of reasons - for example, by virtue of the Zhong Tuo Group entities
being the end receivers of the Cargo under separate arrangements entered into
after the Discharge. It was for BComm to show that he likely gave such
instructions because he had been privy to the contractual arrangements between
Sinopec SG and the respective Zhong Tuo Group entities at the time of the
Discharge before his evidence may be arguably relevant on the issue of whether
the Alleged Prior Contracts exist.

(D) The Zhong Tuo Group Witnesses

126 I am not satisfied that Lv Qing Qing is able to provide relevant evidence
for BComm’s fraud defence. According to BComm, the relevance of Lv Qing Qing’s
evidence lies in the fact that she had confirmed with SIH in July 2019 that
the Cargo had indeed been released to the respective Zhong Tuo Group entities
in May and June 2019. 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

Chen’s 1st Affidavit at para 30.1.

However, that the Discharge had taken place is not disputed by Sinopec SG. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

Zhao’s 1st Affidavit at paras 49, 56 and 58.

Moreover, the fact of the Discharge is not relevant for the purposes of
BComm’s fraud defence - that it took place does not per se render the BLs
spent; it is the circumstances in which it took place that is critical, and in
particular, whether it was done pursuant to a contract between Sinopec SG and
the respective Zhong Tuo Group entities relating to the Cargo. It has not been
suggested by BComm that Lv Qing Qing is able to testify as to the existence of
such a contract and its terms.

127 On the other hand, I am satisfied that Chen Zeng Chun will be able to
provide relevant evidence for BComm’s fraud defence. As the sole director of
HKZT and the executive managing director of HZHS (see [11] above), I accept
that Chen Zeng Chun would be privy to the affairs of the Zhong Tuo Group
entities, and can therefore testify on whether those entities receiving the
Cargo in May and June 2019 had a direct contractual relationship then with
Sinopec SG relating to the Cargo, and if not, what had been the basis for its
receipt of the Cargo. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

Chen’s 4th Affidavit at para 46.8; see also DWS Tab F at para 6.

Such evidence can immediately shed light on the circumstances in which the
Discharge had taken place, and whether it had taken place pursuant to the
Alleged Prior Contracts between Sinopec SG and the respective Zhong Tuo Group
entities so that the latter had been entitled to receive the Cargo when the
Discharge took place, and thereby rendering the BLs spent, which is the
critical fact necessary to make out BComm’s fraud defence.

128 However, there has been no evidence provided by BComm as to where Chen
Zeng Chun is presently located and thus the jurisdiction in which he is
compellable to testify. BComm only points to the possibility that he may be
located in Hong Kong, where the Zhong Tuo Group is based. 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

Liu’s 4th Affidavit at para 39.

In my judgment, it would be speculative to conclude, from that possibility
alone, that Chen Zeng Chun would necessarily be compellable to testify in Hong
Kong. I therefore do not find that the compellability of Chen Zeng Chun as a
witness presents a connecting factor in favour of any jurisdiction outside of
Singapore for the purposes of Stage One.

129 I should also add that BComm has made a submission, in general terms, that
Hong Kong is a more appropriate forum because it will require evidence from
“employees and/or officers” of the Zhong Tuo Group on the abovementioned
matters. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

Chen’s 4th Affidavit at para 46.8; Liu’s 4th Affidavit at para 39.

In my judgment, that is not sufficient to establish that the personal
connections of such witnesses present a connecting factor in favour of Hong
Kong as a more appropriate forum for the purposes of Stage One. While there is
no requirement that potential witnesses must be precisely identified for the
purposes of identifying personal connections at Stage One (see Man Diesel &
Turbo SE and another v IM Skaugen SE and another [2020] 1 SLR 327 at [148];
Ivanishvili ([59] above) at [94]), at the very least, it must be specified
where these potential witnesses are likely to be located before their
compellability can present a connecting factor in favour of that jurisdiction.
This is especially the case here since, on BComm’s evidence, the Zhong Tuo
Group comprises entities established in both the PRC and in Hong Kong, and any
such “employees and/or officers” may well be located in either jurisdiction at
any one time.

(E) Peng Xiang

130 Peng Xiang had signed on the LOI issued by Shanghai Jinshan for the
discharge of the shipment of the Cargo on board the Korea Victory (see [12]
above). BComm says that the evidence of Peng Xiang is relevant because he can
testify as to the basis on which Shanghai Jinshan had issued an LOI in respect
of goods belonging to Sinopec SG, such as the instructions that had been given
to Shanghai Jinshan for the issuance of the LOI, and the arrangements between
Shanghai Jinshan and Sinopec SG that entitled the former to issue the LOI. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

Chen’s 2nd Affidavit at para 21.1; Chen’s 4th Affidavit at para 46.9; DWS Tab
F at para 12.

I note that two of BComm’s earlier affidavits had identified Peng Xiang as an
employee of China Jinshan, 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

Chen’s 1st Affidavit at para 30.1; Chen’s 2nd Affidavit at para 21.1 and 33.1.

but it appears to have subsequently taken the position that Peng Xiang is an
employee of Shanghai Jinshan. 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

Chen’s 4th Affidavit at para 46.9.

In written submissions, BComm again states that Peng Xiang is an employee of
China Jinshan. 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

DWS at para 55.3.

I would add that this apparent discrepancy is immaterial since it is the fact
of Peng Xiang executing the LOI on behalf of Shanghai Jinshan (which issued
the LOI) rather than the entity where Peng Xiang works at that is material.

131 I am satisfied that BComm has shown that Peng Xiang is able to provide
arguably relevant evidence for BComm’s fraud defence. The fact that Peng Xiang
could sign on the LOI suggests that he would be in a position to testify as to
the basis on which the Cargo had been released into the custody of the Zhong
Tuo Group entities in May and June 2019. He may be able to explain whether
there was then a contractual relationship between Sinopec SG and the
respective Zhong Tuo Group entities that justified him in doing so, ie,
whether the Alleged Prior Contracts exist.

132 However, the evidence provided by both parties as to where Peng Xiang is
located is contradictory. According to Sinopec SG, Peng Xiang has also come
under investigation by the PRC authorities. 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

Zhao’s 1st Affidavit at p 425; Zhao’s 4th Affidavit at para 37.

However, it is unclear if these investigations are, or are related to, the PRC
Criminal Investigations - the exhibits to Sinopec SG’s affidavits describe the
investigations involving Peng Xiang as a “bribery case of non-state
functionaries”. 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

Zhao’s 1st Affidavit at p 425; 1st Affidavit of Corrine Lam (“Lam’s 1st
Affidavit”) at p 61.

It is also unclear if Peng Xiang has been detained in the PRC as a result of
these investigations. On the other hand, it does not appear to be BComm’s
position that Peng Xiang has come under investigation and is presently
detained in the PRC. 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

Chen’s 4th Affidavit at para 46.9 and 46.14.

Peng Xiang has also not been identified as one of the nine persons who BComm
says are subjects of the PRC Criminal Investigations. 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

Notes of Arguments, 13 Jul, p 6 lines 5-7; Defendant’s Core Bundle (“DCB”) at
pp Z147-Z148; Liu’s 1st Affidavit at para 29.3 and pp 31-32; Chen’s 1st
Affidavit at para 47 and pp 305-306.

133 In these circumstances, since the legal burden for the purposes of Stage
One is on BComm, I find that BComm has not shown where Peng Xiang is presently
located and in which jurisdiction he is compellable to testify. Again, I would
reiterate that it would be speculative to conclude from the fact that Shanghai
Jinshan (and/or China Jinshan) has operations within the PRC that Peng Xiang
must also be based in the PRC and so he would necessarily be compellable to
testify in the PRC. I therefore do not find that the compellability of Peng
Xiang presents a connecting factor in favour of any jurisdiction outside of
Singapore for the purposes of Stage One.

(F) The Shanghai PSB Witnesses

134 In so far as the Shanghai PSB Witnesses are concerned, it is important to
note that, even if the Alleged Prior Contracts exist, these witnesses do not
have any direct or personal knowledge about them. They would have gained their
knowledge through the process of the PRC Criminal Investigations. As such, I
do not consider their evidence to be directly relevant to the question of
whether BComm can establish its fraud defence. Indeed, this much appears to
have been accepted by counsel for BComm at the hearing before me, where he
emphasised the necessity to call the SIH Witnesses, the SIC Witnesses and the
Zhong Tuo Group Witnesses to make out its fraud defence, but made no mention
of the Shanghai PSB Witnesses on this point. 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

Notes of Arguments, 5 Aug, p 7 lines 24-28.

135 Even if one were to assume that the PRC Criminal Investigations indeed
cover matters which are relevant to BComm’s fraud defence (a point which I
will return to later at [159] below), in so far as the Shanghai PSB Witnesses
may testify on evidence obtained in the course of those investigations, such
as “any admissions or confessions made by [Sinopec SG’s] employees”, 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

Notes of Arguments, 13 Jul, p 5 lines 2-4.

I am still not prepared to accept that the personal connections of the
Shanghai PSB witnesses give rise to a connecting factor in favour of the PRC
for the purposes of Stage One.

136 Both parties’ PRC law experts are in agreement that any evidence obtained
in the course of the PRC Criminal Investigations cannot be used for any
proceedings outside the PRC. This is because documents uncovered in the course
of criminal investigations are considered “state secrets” under the PRC State
Secrets Law, and a party who discloses such documents in a foreign proceeding
without prior authorisation will violate Art. 9(6) of the PRC State Secrets
Law and expose himself to criminal sanctions. 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

Song Lianbin’s Expert Opinion dated 3 Mar 2021 in 1st Affidavit of Song
Lianbin (“Song LB’s 1st Report”) at paras 52-54. Song Xixiang’s Expert Opinion
dated 9 Dec 2020 in 1st Affidavit of Song Xixiang (“Song XX’s 1st Report”) at
para 21.

Although BComm’s expert does go further to say that such documents will no
longer constitute “state secrets” once they have been disclosed in a public
hearing and/or judgment of the criminal courts in the PRC, 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

Song XX’s 1st Report at para 21.3.

that does not materially change the position because it still means that any
findings emerging from the PRC Criminal Investigations can only be used within
the PRC until such time when the PRC Criminal Proceedings have taken place or
concluded.

137 This means that any evidence of the Shanghai PSB Witnesses relating to
matters relevant to BComm’s fraud defence can only be given for proceedings
within the PRC. The evidence of the Shanghai PSB Witnesses therefore does not
create any personal connections for the purposes of Stage One because the
relevant issue in relation to their evidence is where such evidence is
available, rather than from whom such evidence can be obtained. For such
evidence, the question is whether the PRC will be a more appropriate forum by
virtue of it being available within the PRC and not in other jurisdictions,
which is a point I will turn to later at [157] below.

(G) The BOC Tokyo Witnesses

138 According to Sinopec SG, BOC Tokyo had issued two letters of credit in
relation to contracts for the sale and purchase of Paraxylene between Sinopec
SG and SIH that were similar to, and were entered into at around the same time
as the Sale Contracts and which are also the subject of the PRC Criminal
Investigations (see [16] above). 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

Liu’s 1st Affidavit at paras 20 and 24.1; Chen’s 1st Affidavit at para 32.

BOC Tokyo also refused to make payment under those letters of credit. 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

Liu’s 1st Affidavit at paras 13-14; Chen’s 1st Affidavit at para 31.

According to BComm, the reasons for BOC Tokyo’s refusal to honour those
letters of credit would be relevant evidence because it takes the view that
the fraud relating to those contracts are similar to that which it alleges of
the Sale Contracts. 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

Chen’s 4th Affidavit at para 46.7.

139 I do not accept that the evidence of the BOC Tokyo Witnesses is relevant
for BComm’s fraud defence. Out of all the sale contracts that were financed by
letters of credit which are the subject of the PRC Criminal Investigations,
BOC Tokyo would presumably only have an interest in, and be familiar with,
those sale contracts which it had financed. I do not think that one can assume
that the BOC Tokyo Witnesses are in a position to testify about the Sale
Contracts, and even less so in relation to any contractual arrangements
between Sinopec SG and the respective Zhong Tuo Group entities in relation to
the goods under the Sale Contracts (ie, the Cargo) that existed prior to the
Discharge.

140 For completeness, I would also add that it has not been stated in BComm’s
affidavits where the BOC Tokyo Witnesses are located. Presumably, they are in
Japan. As such, even if their evidence were relevant for BComm’s fraud
defence, it is to Japan, and not the PRC, that their evidence presents a
connecting factor.

(H) The BComm Witnesses

141 As BComm accepts, the issue of compellability of witnesses (and the
corresponding connecting factors which it may give rise to) should focus on
third party witnesses not in its employ and who might not be persuaded to give
evidence voluntarily in the absence of their compellability (see [86] above).
151

##### Foot Note 151

×

DWS at para 47.2.

For that reason, the compellability of the BComm Witnesses is not a relevant
consideration in assessing the personal connections of witnesses for the
purposes of Stage One.

(I) The Sinopec Jiangsu Witnesses

142 Both of the Sinopec Jiangsu Witnesses, Yu Miao and Mei Hailiang, are
subjects of the PRC Criminal Investigations. 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

Liu’s 1st Affidavit at para 29.3 and pp 31-32; Chen’s 4th Affidavit at para
46.14.

Sinopec SG and BComm also appear to be in agreement that both of them are
presently detained in the PRC in connection with the investigations. 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

Liu’s 4th Affidavit at para 33; Zhao’s 4th Affidavit at para 37.

BComm contends that, since Sinopec Jiangsu was the original counterparty to
the Export Contracts that Sinopec SG claims were subsequently novated to the
Zhong Tuo Group entities (which gave rise to back-to-back contracts between
Sinopec SG and SIH, and between SIH and the Zhong Tuo Group), these witnesses
can provide relevant evidence on whether any contract relating to the Cargo
existed between Sinopec SG and the respective Zhong Tuo Group entities, and if
so, what its terms were. 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

Chen’s 4th Affidavit at para 46.11.

143 On Sinopec SG’s case, it appears that it had been Sinopec Jiangsu which
gave instructions for the release of the Cargo to the Zhong Tuo Group entities
in May and June 2019, and that Sinopec Jiangsu had done so in its capacity as
a buyer of the Cargo from Sinopec SG (see [32] above). Therefore, according to
Sinopec SG, it was that - and not some other contractual relationship between
Sinopec SG and the respective Zhong Tuo Group entities relating to the Cargo -
which justified Sinopec SG releasing the Cargo then. Given this, I would
expect that the Sinopec Jiangsu Witnesses would therefore be able to testify
as to whether that had actually been the case, since this contention is being
challenged by BComm. If no such arrangement had been in place, the evidence of
these witnesses may shed light on the actual basis on which Sinopec SG had
released the Cargo to the Zhong Tuo Group entities in May and June 2019. I
therefore accept that the testimony of the Sinopec Jiangsu Witnesses is
arguably relevant to the issue of whether the Alleged Prior Contracts exist.

144 Since the Sinopec Jiangsu Witnesses are located within the PRC by reason
of their detention and so can only testify in the PRC, their personal
connections will present a connecting factor in favour of the PRC for the
purposes of Stage One.

(J) Chang Jian Hua

145 Similar to the case for Sun Zhen Guo, BComm has not explained how Chang
Jian Hua (who is not an officer of any of the Sinopec Group entities involved
in the chain transaction) is a relevant witness for its fraud defence. The
only basis on which he is said to be relevant is that he is also a subject of
the PRC Criminal Investigations, 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

Liu’s 1st Affidavit at para 29.3.

which as I have considered above, does not ipso facto mean that he will be
able to provide relevant evidence relating to the real issues in dispute
between the parties to the Suit (see [118]-[119] above).

(3) Are witnesses located within the PRC nevertheless compellable under PRC
law to testify in civil proceedings in Singapore?

146 As an alternative argument, Sinopec SG also submits that, even if any
connecting factor arises in favour of the PRC as a result of arguably relevant
witnesses being located in the PRC, that factor should be given little or no
weight at Stage One because those witnesses are compellable as a matter of PRC
law to testify in aid of civil proceedings in Singapore. As I explain below, I
find that there is no evidence that witnesses within the PRC are compellable
under PRC law to testify in civil proceedings in Singapore. While there are
mechanisms that facilitate their testimony, that is altogether different from
saying that such witnesses, who ultimately will only be required to testify if
and when a request for judicial assistance made by the Singapore courts is
acceded to by the relevant PRC authorities, are compellable as a matter of PRC
law.

(A) Sinopec SG’s PRC Law Evidence

147 Sinopec SG relies on the opinion of its PRC law expert Professor Song
Lianbin (“Prof SL”). Prof SL says that there are international law mechanisms
facilitating the giving of evidence by PRC witnesses for the purposes of civil
proceedings in Singapore. Since these mechanisms contemplate the application
of PRC law and any compulsory measures prescribed thereunder, it follows that
witnesses within the PRC are also compellable to testify in civil proceedings
in Singapore as a matter of PRC law.

148 The two international law mechanisms which Prof SL refers to are (a) the
Treaty on Judicial Assistance in Civil and Commercial Matters between the
People’s Republic of China and the Republic of Singapore (“the Treaty on
Judicial Assistance”); and (b) the Hague Convention on the Taking of Evidence
Abroad in Civil or Commercial Matters (“the Hague Convention”), to which both
Singapore and the PRC are signatories. 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

Song LB’s 1st Report at para 16.

According to Prof SL, under both the Treaty on Judicial Assistance and the
Hague Convention, a witness within the PRC can testify in civil proceedings in
Singapore pursuant to a request for judicial assistance for the taking of
evidence made by the Supreme Court of Singapore to the PRC Ministry of Justice
(“PRC MOJ”). 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

Song LB’s 1st Report at paras 18 and 22.

149 It appears that both mechanisms contemplate the application of PRC law in
any response by the PRC MOJ to requests for judicial assistance. Art. 14 of
the Treaty on Judicial Assistance provides that “[t]he laws of the requested
party shall be applied in the taking of evidence and when necessary, the
appropriate compulsory measures prescribed under its laws may be invoked”. 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

Song LB’s 1st Report at Annex 4.

Art. 9 of the Hague Convention provides that a “judicial authority which
executes a [request to obtain evidence] shall apply its own law as to the
methods and procedures to be followed”. 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

Song LB’s 1st Report at Annex 5.

Art. 10 of the same provides that “the requested authority [in executing a
request to obtain evidence] shall apply the appropriate measures of compulsion
in the instances and to the same extent as are provided by its internal law”.
160

##### Foot Note 160

×

Song LB’s 1st Report at Annex 5.

I shall refer to these articles collectively as the “Treaty and Convention
Articles”.

150 Sinopec SG argues that the effect of the Treaty and Convention Articles is
that compulsory measures available under PRC law to compel the attendance of
witnesses and production of evidence for the purposes of domestic proceedings
may also be invoked to compel witnesses in the PRC to give evidence and
produce evidence in aid of civil proceedings in Singapore. In this vein,
Sinopec SG has brought two such provisions in the PRC Civil Procedure Law
(“the PRC CPL”) to my attention:

(a) Art. 72 of the PRC CPL, which states that “all … individuals who have
information about the case are obliged to testify in court”. 161

##### Foot Note 161

×

Lam’s 1st Affidavit at p 84.

Read together with the Treaty and Convention Articles, Prof SL is of the view
that, if the PRC MOJ agrees to render judicial assistance, witnesses within
the PRC, who are already compellable for the purposes of domestic civil
proceedings, will also be compellable to give evidence in aid of civil
proceedings in Singapore. 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

Song LB’s 1st Report at para 23.

(b) Art. 73(4) of the PRC CPL, which provides that a witness may testify by
alternative means such as written testimony, audio-visual transmission
techniques or audio-visual materials, if he is “unable to be present in court
due to any other proper reason”. 163

##### Foot Note 163

×

Lam’s 1st Affidavit at p 85.

According to Prof SL, the effect of Art. 73(4) is that, under PRC law, persons
in detention will also be required to testify for the purposes of domestic
proceedings if required by the PRC courts to do so, and they may testify by
such alternative means specified in Art. 73. 164

##### Foot Note 164

×

Song LB’s 1st Report at para 28.

Read together with the Treaty and Convention Articles, Prof SL’s view is that,
if the PRC courts agree to render judicial assistance in aid of civil
proceedings in Singapore, a person in detention in the PRC will also be
required to testify in those proceedings by such alternative means. 165

##### Foot Note 165

×

Song LB’s 1st Report at para 28.

This is relevant in so far as BComm requires the testimony of the Sinopec
Jiangsu Witnesses (see [144] above), who appear to have been detained by the
PRC authorities, and whose evidence I have found to be arguably relevant to
BComm’s fraud defence.

151 Finally, Prof SL also points to the following provisions of the PRC CPL,
which he says shows that the testimony of witnesses located within the PRC can
be provided through audio-visual, video-link or tele-communication methods for
the purposes of civil proceedings in Singapore if the Singapore court requests
for judicial assistance from the PRC MOJ:

(a) Art. 276 of the PRC CPL, which provides that the PRC Courts and a foreign
court may, “pursuant to the international treaty concluded or participated by
[the PRC] or in accordance with the principle of reciprocity … request each
other to carry out service of documents on behalf, investigation and
collection of evidence and any other litigation acts”. 166

##### Foot Note 166

×

Song LB’s 1st Report at para 20.

(b) Art. 277 of the PRC CPL, which provides that a “[r]equest for and
provision of judicial assistance shall be carried out via the channels
stipulated in the international treaty concluded or participated by [the
PRC]”. 167

##### Foot Note 167

×

Song LB’s 1st Report at para 20.

(c) Art. 279 of the PRC CPL, which further provides that in executing requests
for judicial assistance in aid of foreign proceedings, any specific mode for
taking evidence requested by the foreign court of the PRC courts may also be
acceptable unless it violates PRC laws. 168

##### Foot Note 168

×

Song LB’s 1st Report at para 21.

(B) BComm’s PRC Law Evidence

152 BComm’s PRC law expert, Professor Song Xixiang (“Prof SX”), accepts that
the mechanisms under the Treaty on Judicial Assistance and the Hague
Convention exist. 169

##### Foot Note 169

×

Song XX’s 1st Report at para 22.2, 22.8.

Prof SX also does not disagree that these mechanisms contemplate the
application of domestic law and compulsory measures prescribed thereunder (see
[149] above). 170

##### Foot Note 170

×

Song XX’s 1st Report at paras 26.1-26.3.

Where he fundamentally differs from Prof SL is that he takes the view that
these mechanisms mean little because, since there is no PRC law providing for
the compulsion of witnesses within the PRC to testify in foreign civil
proceedings, 171

##### Foot Note 171

×

Song XX’s 1st Report at para 22.1.

whether a witness is in fact required to testify in aid of civil proceedings
in Singapore is ultimately dependent on whether the PRC authorities agree to
render judicial assistance to the Singapore courts. 172

##### Foot Note 172

×

Song XX’s 1st Report at para 26; Song Xixiang’s Expert Opinion dated 27 May
2021 in 2nd Affidavit of Song Xixiang (“Song XX’s 2nd Report”) at para 13.

In this case, Prof SX is of the view that the PRC authorities are unlikely to
accede to a request for judicial assistance because the required witness
testimony concerns matters covered by the PRC Criminal Investigations, and the
rendering of judicial assistance is likely to violate the PRC State Secrets
Law (which forbids the disclosure of information relating to such
investigations), and prejudice the PRC’s sovereignty and security. 173

##### Foot Note 173

×

Song XX’s 2nd Report at para 15.1.

153 Prof SX is also of the view that any requests for judicial assistance
under either of the two mechanisms are likely to be rejected in any event. 174

##### Foot Note 174

×

Song XX’s 1st Report at para 27.

As I explain below, I am rather doubtful as to the correctness of this
conclusion.

(a) In respect of requests made pursuant to the Treaty on Judicial Assistance,
Prof SX says that the PRC courts are unlikely to render any assistance because
the scope of judicial assistance that can be rendered under the Treaty on
Judicial Assistance is limited and does not cover compelling witnesses within
the PRC to give testimony in aid of civil proceedings in Singapore. 175

##### Foot Note 175

×

Song XX’s 1st Report at paras 22.9 and 22.10.

However, Prof SX did not refer to any provision in the Treaty on Judicial
Assistance or the PRC CPL in support of his view. From my review, I could not
find any provisions within the Treaty on Judicial Assistance suggesting that
the scope of judicial assistance is circumscribed in the manner as suggested
by Prof SX.

(b) In respect of requests made pursuant to the Hague Convention, Prof SX
opines that the PRC courts are likely to reject any application made to compel
PRC witnesses to give testimony in aid of foreign civil proceedings because
such judicial assistance would be “incompatible with [PRC law] or is
impossible of performance by reason of its internal practice and procedure or
by reason of practical difficulties”. 176

##### Foot Note 176

×

Song XX’s 1st Report at para 22.6.

The reasons he gives for coming to this conclusion are that the PRC Courts
have never rendered such judicial assistance in foreign civil proceedings, and
that the PRC courts are reluctant to use technology like video-conferencing to
collect evidence or witness testimony. 177

##### Foot Note 177

×

Song XX’s 1st Report at para 22.5.

I noted that Prof SX did not refer to any official records or statistics in
support of this view. I had some doubt whether Prof SX’s conclusion is correct
given that there is no evidence before me that the use of technology such as
video-conferencing is incompatible with PRC law. That is especially since Prof
SX himself agreed that the PRC courts have provided judicial assistance for
foreign criminal proceedings by compelling witnesses in the PRC to testify by
video-link in such proceedings. 178

##### Foot Note 178

×

Song XX’s 1st Report at para 22.5.

That fact alone would make it clear that such a mode of testimony is not
incompatible with PRC law.

154 As mentioned earlier, Prof SX takes the view that, as a matter of PRC law,
witnesses within the PRC are not compellable to give evidence in aid of
foreign civil proceedings (see [152] above). Prof SX also does not disagree
with Prof SL that the international law mechanisms for judicial assistance
which the latter had alluded to contemplate the application of compulsory
measures prescribed under PRC law for evidence taking in foreign civil
proceedings (see [149] above). However, Prof SX contends that these compulsory
measures are far more limited in scope than what Prof SL suggests (see [150]
above) and so, even if they were applicable to foreign civil proceedings, they
will not be effective in this case.

(a) For instance, Prof SX says that the PRC CPL does not even provide for any
measures to compel individual witnesses (save for defendants) to testify in
civil proceedings within the PRC. 179

##### Foot Note 179

×

Song XX’s 2nd Report at para 12.1.

According to him, individual witnesses are only compellable to testify within
the PRC for the purposes of criminal proceedings. 180

##### Foot Note 180

×

Song XX’s 2nd Report at para 12.1.

I had some doubt as to whether this view was correct given that Prof SX had
himself stated, in an earlier expert report, that “a Chinese court can, either
on its own initiative or at a party’s request, compel a person in the PRC to
appear and give witness testimony in civil proceedings before a Chinese court”
[emphasis added]. 181

##### Foot Note 181

×

Song XX’s 1st Report at para 17.

The literal words of Art. 72 of the PRC CPL (see [150(a)] above) also do not
appear to be as restrictive as Prof SX suggests it is.

(b) Prof SX also disagrees that Art. 73(4) has the effect of requiring persons
in detention within the PRC to testify in aid of foreign civil proceedings by
way of video-link even if the PRC authorities agree to provide judicial
assistance. He says this follows from his opinion (which I have rejected at
[154(a)] above) that there is no provision of PRC law that allows the PRC
courts to compel the attendance of individual witnesses who are not defendants
(including persons in detention) to testify in both domestic and foreign civil
proceedings. 182

##### Foot Note 182

×

Song XX’s 2nd Report at paras 11.1-11.2.

Additionally, Prof SX disagrees that Art. 73(4) of the PRC CPL has the effect
of requiring persons in detention to testify in domestic civil proceedings (cf
Prof SL’s opinion at [150(b)] above) because the ambit of “any other proper
reason” that results in a witness being unable to be physically present in
court and which triggers the operation of Art. 73(4) is unclear. 183

##### Foot Note 183

×

Song XX’s 2nd Report at paras 10-10.1.

While not saying so explicitly, Prof SX appears to suggest that it is
uncertain if “any other proper reason” includes a situation where a person is
unable to be present as a result of detention. He also notes that there has
been no official report from the PRC authorities which shows that persons in
detention within the PRC have testified via video-link for domestic civil
proceedings pursuant to Art. 73(4). 184

##### Foot Note 184

×

Song XX’s 2nd Report at para 10.2.

In any event, he says, Art. 73(4) would not apply in the context of judicial
assistance and witnesses testifying in foreign civil proceedings via video-
link. 185

##### Foot Note 185

×

Song XX’s 2nd Report at paras 9.2 and 10.1.

(C) Analysis

155 I do not find that there are any provisions within PRC law which provide
that witnesses within the PRC (whether in detention or not) are compellable to
testify in aid of civil proceedings in a foreign jurisdiction. While I accept
that Art. 72 of the PRC CPL renders a witness within the PRC compellable to
testify in aid of civil proceedings within the PRC, and that Art. 73(4) of the
PRC CPL provides for alternative mechanisms through which such a compellable
witness may testify, if he is not able to testify physically in court, there
is nothing on the face of these provisions indicating that they are capable of
application in the context of foreign civil proceedings outside of the PRC.

156 Even if the Treaty on Judicial Assistance and the Hague Convention
contemplate the application of domestic law and compulsory measures thereunder
to witnesses within the PRC required for the purposes of civil proceedings in
Singapore (by virtue of the Treaty and Convention Articles), in my view, that
is altogether different from saying that such witnesses are compellable for
the purposes of civil proceedings in Singapore as a matter of PRC law. While
the Treaty on Judicial Assistance and the Hague Convention provide for the
mechanisms by which witnesses within the PRC may testify in civil proceedings
in Singapore, it only requires them to testify, pursuant to compulsion
prescribed under PRC law, if and when the relevant PRC authorities accede to a
request for judicial assistance by the Singapore courts. As such, these
mechanisms are facilitative rather than mandatory in nature. Indeed, both
parties’ experts also appear to be in common ground on this point (see [148]
and [152] above). Where the request is not acceded to, then the witness cannot
be compelled to testify, notwithstanding the Treaty and Convention Articles
and any compulsory measures existing under the PRC CPL. Accordingly, I do not
accept Sinopec SG’s submission that connecting factors in favour of the PRC
arising from witnesses, compellable in or available within the PRC, should be
given no weight for the purposes of Stage One.

Availability of evidence

157 BComm says that any documentary evidence obtained in the course of the PRC
Criminal Investigations will be relevant evidence for the purposes of
establishing its fraud defence. As stated earlier, it is common ground that
any such materials are only available for use in civil proceedings within the
PRC, but not for proceedings elsewhere (see [136] above). BComm has therefore
relied on the availability of documentary evidence within the PRC as a
connecting factor in favour of the PRC for the purposes of Stage One.

158 However, the scope of the PRC Criminal Investigations, and the relevance
of any documentary evidence likely to be obtained thereunder, is manifestly
unclear. Save for a set of contemporaneous minutes of the 24 Sep Meeting (the
contents of which has been disputed by Sinopec SG), 186

##### Foot Note 186

×

Zhao’s 1st Affidavit at para 96.

which essentially recite the facts which BComm has relied on in its
allegations of fraud against Sinopec SG (see [27]-[29] above), nothing further
has been said in the affidavits about the PRC Criminal Investigations - in
particular, as to what those investigations cover, what possible charges may
be brought and against whom, and how any findings are likely to be relevant to
the conduct of Sinopec SG which BComm complains of in its fraud defence. BComm
explains that it is unable to provide further evidence about the relevance of
the PRC Criminal Investigations because it is precluded by the PRC State
Secrets Law from disclosing further evidence relating to those investigations.
187

##### Foot Note 187

×

Liu’s 4th Affidavit at para 37.2.

That claim is unmeritorious. Merely stating what those investigations cover
(as opposed to the findings made or evidence uncovered in the course of those
investigations) cannot entail a violation of the PRC State Secrets Law since
it is public knowledge that those investigations are underway. 188

##### Foot Note 188

×

Liu’s 1st Affidavit at para 29.3 and pp 31-32.

Furthermore, BComm need only posit an explanation for why the PRC Criminal
Investigations are relevant to the conduct of Sinopec SG which it complains
of. BComm should be able to do so on the basis of presently available evidence
which it had considered in determining that it is entitled to rely on the
fraud defence, without actually requiring evidence uncovered in the course of
those investigations. Finally, I will also add that it is insufficient for
BComm to say that the PRC Criminal Investigations must be relevant because
they followed from the SIH Report. 189

##### Foot Note 189

×

Liu’s 4th Affidavit at para 34.

As stated earlier, even if there had been fraud and possibly criminal conduct
in relation to the Sale Contracts vis-à-vis SIH, that would not assist BComm
in the fraud defence unless it specifically relates to the Presentation by
Sinopec SG under the LCs (see [97] above).

159 On the available evidence (viz, the minutes of the 24 Sep Meeting), the
relevance of the PRC Criminal Investigations is also unclear. It is BComm’s
case that it was Sinopec SG who altered the contractual documentation relating
to the Alleged Prior Contracts in contriving the Sale Contracts as a means for
obtaining payment for goods already sold (see [28] above). Yet, the minutes
identify Xia Sen as the “mastermind” of the alleged fraud - when he is neither
an employee nor an officer of Sinopec SG, and when it has not been suggested
by BComm that Sinopec SG was acting under his instructions (see [122]-[123]
above). It is also notable that, of the nine individuals which BComm
identifies as having been detained as subjects of the PRC Criminal
Investigations, none of them are officers and/or employees of Sinopec SG. 190

##### Foot Note 190

×

Notes of Arguments, 13 Jul, p 6 lines 5-7; DCB at pp Z147-Z148; Chen’s 1st
Affidavit at para 47 and pp 305-306; Liu’s 1st Affidavit at pp 31-32.

While both Li Zhifeng (Sinopec SG’s General Manager) and Zhao Yi (head of
Sinopec SG’s Operations Department) have attended at the Shanghai PSB and
provided statements to the Shanghai PSB on two occasions in July and August
2019, 191

##### Foot Note 191

×

Liu’s 1st Affidavit at para 25.

there is no evidence before me that they had done so as subjects of
investigation, and they were released without detention on both occasions. 192

##### Foot Note 192

×

Zhao’s 1st Affidavit at paras 92-96 and 97-99; 2nd Affidavit of Zhao Yi
(“Zhao’s 2nd Affidavit”) at para 9.

Although Li Zhifeng subsequently came under investigation in the PRC in
November 2020, 193

##### Foot Note 193

×

Chen’s 4th Affidavit at para 42.1; Liu’s 4th Affidavit at paras 15.1-15.2.

that appears to have been related to his potential violations of disciplinary
standards arising from his alleged negligence in executing his duties as an
officer of Sinopec SG. 194

##### Foot Note 194

×

Zhao’s 4th Affidavit at paras 15-16.

It has not been suggested by BComm that those investigations are related to
the PRC Criminal Investigations. BComm’s PRC criminal law expert, Professor Wu
Yunfeng, only says that Li Zhifeng would have come under such investigations
because he is also suspected of having committed crimes in the PRC in addition
to disciplinary violations, 195

##### Foot Note 195

×

Wu Yunfeng’s Expert Opinion dated 1 Jul 2021 in 3rd Affidavit of Wu Yunfeng
(“Wu’s 3rd Report”) at para 11; Liu’s 4th Affidavit at paras 15.3-15.5.

but there is no suggestion that these “crimes” pertain to those which are the
subject of the PRC Criminal Investigations.

160 In these circumstances, I find it speculative for BComm to submit that the
PRC Criminal Investigations will yield evidence that is relevant to the
conduct of Sinopec SG which BComm complains of, and so constitute a source of
relevant evidence for BComm’s fraud defence. In my judgment, BComm has failed
to discharge its legal burden to demonstrate why the availability of evidence
arising from the PRC Criminal Investigations should constitute a connecting
factor in favour of the PRC for the purposes of Stage One.

161 In any event, I find that the availability of documentary evidence within
the PRC does not constitute a connecting factor in favour of the PRC for the
purposes of Stage One. It is not clear to me why documentary evidence relating
to the Alleged Prior Contracts, which may possibly be gathered in the course
of the PRC Criminal Investigations, will be more comprehensive or complete
than those which are in the possession of Sinopec SG (which is said to be a
party to the Alleged Prior Contracts). It was also not explained to me why
such documentary evidence cannot be obtained from Sinopec SG through the usual
discovery process in the Suit. All that BComm can complain of is that any such
documentary evidence that may be obtained in the course of the PRC Criminal
Investigations might constitute an alternative source of the relevant
documentary evidence. It is therefore not the case that documentary evidence
relating to the Alleged Prior Contracts can only be easily obtained if
proceedings take place within the PRC, which must be the case if the location
of such evidence is to present a connecting factor for the purposes of Stage
One (see Ivanishvili ([59] above) at [98]).

162 Even if any of those documents in the possession, custody or power of
Sinopec SG are located in the PRC, that should not matter so long as the
original documents can be sent to Singapore. Copies of such documents can also
be sent easily to Singapore though electronic means. As the Court of Appeal
has stated in John Reginald Stott Kirkham and others v Trane US Inc and others
[2009] 4 SLR(R) 428 at [40], the location of documentary evidence generally
does not present a weighty connecting factor for the purposes of Stage One as
it is easily transportable between jurisdictions in this digital age (see also
Ivanishvili at [98]). Moreover, since most communications nowadays are made
via electronic means (which also appears to be the case for the present
dispute), the transportability of documents evidencing such communications
from the PRC or any other jurisdiction to Singapore should not pose any real
problems.

163 I can accept that, if the relevant documents are no longer in the
possession of the parties and presently in the hands of the authorities
responsible for the conduct of the PRC Criminal Investigations, then the issue
of the location of the key documents might be a relevant connecting factor
because such documents can only be easily obtained in proceedings in the PRC
(from the relevant investigative authorities) but not Singapore (see
Ivanishvili at [98]). However, there has been no allegation by BComm that
Sinopec SG is not in possession of the relevant documents any longer because
they have been seized, or that Sinopec SG would not even have copies of such
documents. In the event, any such allegation would probably not stand up to
scrutiny because, given the prevalence of electronic communications and
documents, the court must proceed on the basis that copies of such
communications and documents would have been stored electronically, eg, in the
email servers of the company, and thus remain accessible.

Overlapping PRC proceedings

164 Where the forum defendant commences proceedings against the forum
plaintiff in a foreign jurisdiction, the fact of such parallel or overlapping
foreign proceedings is accorded legal significance by reference to the
doctrine of forum non conveniens (Virsagi Management (S) Pte Ltd v Welltech
Construction Pte Ltd and another appeal [2013] 4 SLR 1097 (“Virsagi”) at
[28]-[29]) and it features as one of the factors in determining if it is
appropriate for a Singapore court to hear the dispute, or if there is a more
appropriate forum elsewhere (Virsagi at [38]).

165 Where relevant, the weight to be accorded to this connecting factor will
depend on the circumstances, including the degree to which the respective
proceedings have advanced, and the degree of overlap of issues and the parties
(Virsagi at [39]). It is sufficient that the proceedings in the forum are
related to, or parallel to the foreign proceedings. There is no requirement
for a strict lis alibi pendens, ie, that the action in the foreign country
must be between the same parties and involve the same or similar issues, in
order for such proceedings to weigh into the analysis of appropriateness
(Virsagi at [40]).

166 However, it is also important to note that little or no weight will be
accorded to this factor if the foreign proceedings have been commenced for
strategic reasons to demonstrate the existence of a competing jurisdiction and
bolster the case of a clearly more appropriate forum elsewhere (Virsagi at
[39]; Peters Roger May v Pinder Lillian Gek Lian [2006] 2 SLR(R) 381
(“Pinder”) at [33]; Trisuryo Garuda Nusa Pte Ltd v SKP Pradiksi (North) Sdn
Bhd and another and another appeal [2017] 2 SLR 814 (“Trisuryo”) at [63]).

167 In this case, it is not in dispute that there is an overlap in parties in
the Suit and the PRC Civil Proceedings – the latter had been commenced by
BComm (as one of the PRC Plaintiffs) seeking reliefs against Sinopec SG and
China Jinshan. It is also clear, from the reliefs sought, that there is an
overlap of issues in both proceedings. In the PRC Civil Proceedings, the PRC
Plaintiffs seek: 196

##### Foot Note 196

×

Chen’s 3rd Affidavit at p 25; Zhang’s 2nd Affidavit at p 20.

1\. An order to restrain [BComm Tokyo] from making payment of the amounts
[under the LCs];

2\. An order for [Sinopec SG] and [China Jinshan] to be jointly liable for the
loss suffered by [BComm] and [BComm Tokyo] as a result of their fraud and
collusion …

3\. Orders for [BComm] and [BComm Tokyo] to be jointly liable for the costs of
[the PRC Civil Proceedings].

168 At its heart, the PRC Civil Proceedings seek a declaration that BComm is
not liable to Sinopec SG under the LCs. Put bluntly, BComm is seeking a
negative declaration or a converse of the reliefs which Sinopec SG is praying
for against BComm in the Suit. As the court in Mizuho Corporate Bank Ltd v Cho
Hung Bank [2004] 4 SLR(R) 67 observed, claims for negative declarations should
be viewed with great caution in situations involving conflicts of
jurisdictions as it is a sign of an improper attempt by parties at forum
shopping in apprehension of proceedings that might be commenced against them
(at [13]). In our case, what makes things worse is that the PRC Civil
Proceedings were commenced on 1 December 2020, almost three months after the
Suit had been started by Sinopec SG.

169 These circumstances inevitably lend themselves to the impression that the
PRC Civil Proceedings were commenced for strategic reasons for the purposes of
demonstrating a competing jurisdiction. Notably, this also appears to be
BComm’s own position - it says that the PRC Civil Proceedings were merely a
response to Sinopec SG ignoring the admonition of the Shanghai PSB that it
should not make any claim against BComm for payment due under the LCs until
the conclusion of the PRC Criminal Investigations (see also [29] above). 197

##### Foot Note 197

×

Notes of Arguments, 13 Jul, p 6 lines 12-13.

It is immaterial whether Sinopec SG had indeed been so advised - the
characterisation of overlapping proceedings (whether they were commenced for
strategic reasons) is dependent on the reasons for which they have been
commenced by the plaintiff and not what the corresponding defendant (in this
case, Sinopec SG) had been advised not to do. In my judgment, therefore, the
PRC Civil Proceedings should be accorded no weight in the forum non conveniens
analysis.

170 In Trisuyo ([166] above), the defendants in proceedings before the
Singapore courts commenced proceedings against the Singapore plaintiffs and
other parties in the Indonesian courts, within one to two months after the
Singapore proceedings were filed. The Court of Appeal held that the Indonesian
actions were to be accorded no weight in the forum non conveniens analysis,
because they had been commenced by the defendants themselves after the
Singapore actions started, and sought what was essentially the converse of
what the plaintiffs in the Singapore proceedings were seeking. The Court of
Appeal was of the view that this was nothing more than an attempt to
“manufacture a set of concurrent proceedings” (at [67]).

171 Similarly, in Pinder ([166] above), the appellant, who was the executor of
the last will of the testator and had been granted probate by the Singapore
courts, filed proceedings in Singapore seeking a determination of whether the
testator died domiciled in Singapore. The respondent opposed those proceedings
and commenced proceedings in the English courts for a declaration that the
testator was domiciled in England and Wales after originating process of the
Singapore proceedings had been served on her (at [33]). In the High Court, VK
Rajah J (as he then was) accorded the English proceedings no weight as it was
plain that it had been commenced for the sole purpose of demonstrating a
competing jurisdiction elsewhere (at [34]).

172 For completeness, I would add that, given my earlier conclusion that it is
speculative to assert that the PRC Criminal Investigations will yield relevant
evidence for BComm’s fraud defence (see [160] above), the potential
availability of evidence from the PRC Criminal Investigations for use in the
PRC Civil Proceedings by virtue of the PRC Investigation Order (see [24]
above) does not alter my conclusion on the irrelevance of the PRC Civil
Proceedings in the forum non conveniens analysis.

Conclusion on Stage One

173 On a consideration of all the relevant connecting factors, I am not
satisfied that BComm has shown that any of the Alternative Fora is a
distinctly “more appropriate forum” than Singapore.

174 BComm says that this is a “China-centric” dispute and therefore the PRC is
a more appropriate forum than Singapore. I do not agree. In relation to the
letters of credit, it must be borne in mind that the applicant for the letters
of credit is a Japanese-incorporated company (SIH), the issuing bank is the
Tokyo branch of an international bank (BComm), and the beneficiary is a
Singapore-incorporated company (Sinopec SG). Not only that, my examination of
the relevant connecting factors concerning the actual dispute between Sinopec
SG and BComm (which, by reason of the autonomy principle, is quite separate
from any dispute under the Sale Contracts) shows that the connections with the
PRC are actually few and far between.

175 To recapitulate, of the plethora of witnesses which BComm says it intends
to call in support of its fraud defence, the only witnesses whose evidence is
arguably relevant to the real issues in contention, and who BComm has shown to
be located within the PRC, and therefore present a relevant connecting factor
to the PRC, are the Sinopec Jiangsu Witnesses.

176 As I have already indicated, the Sinopec Jiangsu Witnesses will be able to
provide relevant evidence as to the basis on which Sinopec SG was instructed
to discharge the Cargo to the Zhong Tuo Group entities, and such evidence may
shed light on whether it existed at that time a direct contractual
relationship between Sinopec SG and the respective Zhong Tuo Group entities
relating to the Cargo. However, such evidence can also be obtained from
Sinopec SG in the Suit through the process of discovery, interrogatories, and
eventually cross-examination. As such, I would not regard this connecting
factor to the PRC as carrying that much weight.

177 For completeness, there are no relevant connections at Stage One which
point to Japan. BComm has put forth the possibility that the SIH Witnesses are
located in Japan, but as I have said, that is not sufficient to identify the
jurisdiction in which those witnesses are located and compellable to testify
for the purpose of establishing personal connections at Stage One. In any
event, as already explained, I also do not find that the evidence of the SIH
Witnesses is arguably relevant for the purposes of BComm’s fraud defence, and
so their personal connections (if any) will not be relevant for the purposes
of Stage One. It follows that BComm has not shown that Japan is a distinctly
more appropriate forum than Singapore.

178 As for Hong Kong, the only relevant connection at Stage One which points
to that jurisdiction is the fact that the LCs might arguably be governed by
Hong Kong law, although the more likely position, as I have already explained
at [75] above, is that the LCs are governed by Singapore law. However, since
no evidence has been placed before me to show that Hong Kong law on the fraud
exception to the autonomy principle is any different from Singapore law, this
governing law factor is given little or no weight at Stage One.

179 Further, while BComm has submitted that Chen Zeng Chun, an officer of the
Zhong Tuo Group, can provide evidence on the Alleged Prior Contracts between
Sinopec SG and the respective Zhong Tuo Group entities, BComm has not shown
that he is presently resident in Hong Kong. I therefore find that BComm has
not shown that Hong Kong is a distinctly more appropriate forum than
Singapore.

180 BComm’s case, taken at its highest, may suggest that there are only a few
connections between the dispute and Singapore. However, the fact that the
connections between the dispute and Singapore are weak does not ipso facto
establish that Singapore is forum non conveniens. It bears reiteration that
BComm must show that a distinctly more appropriate forum exists elsewhere, and
it cannot discharge its burden under Stage One by merely showing that
Singapore is not the natural forum (see [61] above).

181 After a consideration of all the relevant connecting factors, I find that
BComm has not discharged its legal burden under Stage One and no stay of
proceedings can be granted. Given my conclusion on Stage One, it is not
necessary for me to proceed further and consider Stage Two of the Spiliada
test.

182 I thus express no opinion on Stage Two, even though I acknowledge that
counsel for Sinopec SG did make a rather interesting argument that Sinopec SG
would suffer a juridical disadvantage, and consequently be denied substantial
justice, if it were forced to litigate the dispute with BComm in the PRC. This
is because it is common ground that the Shanghai Court would apply PRC law to
determine if Sinopec SG would be entitled to claim payment under the LCs, and
it appears that PRC law provides a more generous fraud defence against claims
under letters of credit as compared to the common law. 198

##### Foot Note 198

×

Notes of Arguments, 5 Aug, p 5 lines 15-27; Wu Yunfeng’s Expert Opinion dated
27 May 2021 in 2nd Affidavit of Wu Yunfeng (“Wu’s 2nd Report”) at para 29.4.1.

In other words, it would be easier, as a matter of law, for BComm to resist
Sinopec SG’s claim for payment, in proceedings in the courts of the PRC.
However, as this point on PRC law was not dealt with comprehensively by both
parties’ PRC law experts, and since I have already found against BComm on
Stage One of the Spiliada test, I will refrain from expressing any view on the
merits of this argument.

Issue 3: Should SUM 1899 be allowed?

183 O 20 r 8(1) of the Rules of Court confers upon the court a general power
to allow amendments to be made to any document in the proceedings on the
application of any party to the proceedings. It states:

For the purpose of determining the real question in controversy between the
parties to any proceedings, or of correcting any defect or error in any
proceedings, the Court may at any stage of the proceedings and either of its
own motion or on the application of any party to the proceedings order any
document in the proceedings to be amended on such terms as to costs or
otherwise as may be just and in such manner (if any) as it may direct.

184 It is trite that the guiding principle is that such amendments should be
allowed if they would enable “the real question and/or issue in controversy
between the parties” to be determined (see Review Publishing Co Ltd and
another v Lee Hsien Loong and another appeal [2010] 1 SLR 52 (“Review
Publishing”) at [113]) and serve the ends of justice (Wright Norman v Oversea-
Chinese Banking Corp Ltd [1993] 3 SLR(R) 640 at [23]). An amendment can also
be allowed “at any stage of the proceedings” (see Review Publishing at [112]).
All the relevant circumstances of the case should be considered in deciding
whether or not to allow an amendment, and delay in bringing the application
for leave to amend per se does not constitute prejudice to the other party
(see Review Publishing at [114]).

185 In my judgment, SUM 1899 should be allowed and I grant BComm leave to
amend its prayers for the CMS Application to take into account the PRC Civil
Proceedings. My earlier finding that those proceedings were likely commenced
by BComm for strategic reasons only meant that the PRC Civil Proceedings were
to be accorded no weight under Stage One of the forum non conveniens analysis.
It did not mean that it is of no relevance in the court’s determination of
whether there should be a limited stay of the Suit pending the conclusion of
all the developments in the PRC which BComm says are relevant to the dispute
between the parties. Since these developments have now widened to include the
PRC Civil Proceedings, allowing the amendment to take into account those
proceedings for the purposes of the CMS Application will enable the real
question in controversy between the parties to be determined, and serve the
ends of justice.

186 I accept counsel for Sinopec SG’s point that there had been significant
delay in the bringing of SUM 1899. It was filed only on 23 April 2021, more
than four months after the PRC Civil Proceedings were commenced on 1 December
2020. However, that delay did not result in any irremediable prejudice to
Sinopec SG, since the adjournment of the hearing date for SUM 4431 (after SUM
1899 was brought) meant that Sinopec SG was given time to consider BComm’s
position on the PRC Civil Proceedings in advance of the hearing of SUM 4431.
As such, save for wasted costs, Sinopec SG was ultimately not placed in any
worse position than it would have been had the prayers for the CMS Application
been amended at an earlier time (see also, Singapore Civil Procedure Vol I
(Cavinder Bull SC gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 2021) at para 20/8/13).

Issue 4: Whether a case management stay of the Suit in terms of the amended
prayer should be granted?

187 The court may grant a limited stay of the Singapore proceedings pending
the conclusion of proceedings elsewhere either by an exercise of its powers
under s 18(2) of the SCJA read with para 9 of the First Schedule of the same
statute, or pursuant to its inherent jurisdiction (BNP Paribas Wealth
Management v Jacob Agam and another [2017] 3 SLR 27 (“Agam”) at [32]). The
grant of a limited stay of proceedings is a discretionary exercise of the
court’s case management powers and does not require the application of the
principles of forum non conveniens (Chan Chin Cheung v Chan Fatt Cheung and
others [2010] 1 SLR 1192 at [47]). This discretion is available when there is
a multiplicity of proceedings, and the court is entitled to consider all the
circumstances of the case in exercising its discretion, with a view towards
ensuring the efficient and fair resolution of the dispute as a whole (Agam at
[35]). A non-exhaustive list of factors which the court may consider has been
identified in case law as follows (see Agam at [34]):

(a) which proceeding was commenced first;

(b) whether the termination of one proceeding is likely to have a material
effect on the other;

(c) the public interest;

(d) the undesirability of two courts competing to see which of them determines
common facts first;

(e) consideration of circumstances relating to witnesses;

(f) whether work done on pleadings, particulars, discovery, interrogatories
and preparation might be wasted;

(g) the undesirability of substantial waste of time and effort if it becomes a
common practice to bring actions in two courts involving substantially the
same issues;

(h) how far advanced the proceedings are in each court;

(i) the law should strive against permitting multiplicity of proceedings in
relation to similar issues; and

(j) generally balancing the advantages and disadvantages to each party.

188 BComm argues that a limited stay should be granted until after the
conclusion of the PRC Criminal Proceedings so that a Singapore court hearing
the Suit can have the benefit of findings arising from those proceedings, and
so avoid having to traverse those same grounds and the consequent waste of
work.

189 I am unable to agree. As I have explained earlier, the relevance of the
PRC Criminal Investigations to BComm’s fraud defence has not been established.
As such, I am not satisfied that any findings arising from the PRC Criminal
Proceedings (as a culmination of the PRC Criminal Investigations) will be of
assistance to a Singapore court in the Suit. More importantly, in determining
if BComm’s fraud defence is made out as a matter of Singapore law, the issue
which a Singapore court must determine is whether Sinopec SG had acted
fraudulently in seeking to obtain payment under the LCs. Yet, none of Sinopec
SG’s officers and/or employees are subjects of the PRC Criminal
Investigations; neither has BComm suggested that those investigations or
proceedings would cover the conduct of Sinopec SG (see [158]-[159] above). In
the absence of a clear and direct association between the PRC Criminal
Investigations and Sinopec SG, it is not apparent to me why findings from the
PRC Criminal Proceedings will pertain to the conduct of Sinopec SG and whether
it had acted fraudulently in seeking to obtain payment under the LCs.

190 In any event, even if the PRC Criminal Investigations were relevant, any
findings from the PRC Criminal Proceedings cannot constitute relevant evidence
for the purposes of the Suit. Any such finding would merely be an expression
of an opinion by the investigators and/or the relevant finders of fact in the
PRC Criminal Proceedings, and these would not constitute primary evidence of
the issues in dispute in the Suit. Instead, what is relevant will be the
underlying evidence relied upon by the investigators and/or finders of fact in
arriving at their respective conclusions. I do not see why such evidence will
not be available to a Singapore court through the usual course of discovery,
interrogatories and cross-examination of witnesses here. With such direct
evidence of the parties in the form of witness testimony, evidence of their
communications and other documentary evidence, a Singapore court will be
equally well placed to come to its own findings on the issues in dispute.
Therefore, BComm has not satisfied the court that it should exercise its case
management powers to grant a limited stay pending the conclusion of the PRC
Criminal Proceedings.

191 As for the PRC Civil Proceedings, I find that the CMS Application for a
limited stay on the ground of those proceedings is motivated by the extraneous
purpose of stifling the Suit. As I have already noted, the relief sought in
the PRC Civil Proceedings is in the nature of a negative declaration of the
very reliefs which Sinopec SG seeks in the Suit. There is a complete overlap
between both sets of proceedings (see [168] above). This means that, if the
Suit is stayed pending the determination of the PRC Civil Proceedings, it
would effectively be rendered otiose once the PRC Civil Proceedings are
concluded. Both parties would likely be barred by the principles of res
judicata and/or issue estoppel from proceeding with the Suit in Singapore. In
other words, the probable consequence of granting the limited stay sought by
BComm is that it will in substance be a permanent one (see Agam at [50]).

192 It is of some significance that, if a limited stay pending the conclusion
of the PRC Civil Proceedings were granted, it would result in BComm obtaining
the very outcome that it had sought, but failed to obtain, in the Stay
Application. Sinopec SG’s right to proceed in the Singapore courts would be
practically extinguished even though BComm has not shown that there is a
distinctly more appropriate forum than Singapore. A case management stay is a
mechanism meant to preserve the plaintiff’s right to prosecute its claim in
Singapore, while minimising the risk of conflicting decisions by allowing the
Singapore court to have the benefit of the findings of the foreign court (Agam
at [51]). The realities associated with the present case are such that the
grant of a case management stay would not be appropriate.

193 I therefore find no reason for the court to exercise its case management
powers to grant a limited stay pending the conclusion of the PRC Civil
Proceedings. I am not persuaded that doing so would be conducive for the fair
and efficient resolution of the dispute between the parties.

Conclusion

194 In light of the foregoing reasons, I dismissed the Declaration Application
and the Stay Application. While I granted the Amendment Application so that
the CMS Application took into account both the PRC Criminal Proceedings and
the PRC Civil Proceedings, I dismissed the CMS Application on its merits.

195 I will deal separately with the issue of costs.

Ang Cheng Hock  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Toh Kian Sing SC, Lin Yong'en Nathanael, Wu Junneng and Marcus Chiang Mun
Leong (Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP) for the plaintiff;

Khoo Boo Teck Randolph, Liu Chenghan Aloysius and Chan Jian Da (Drew & Napier
LLC) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 28 Oct 2021 (11:55 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

