Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC 83

Suit No 428 of 2018

Between

| Chye Seng Kait  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| Chye Seng Fong (executor and trustee of the estate of Chye You, deceased)  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

grounds of decision

[Succession and Wills] — [Construction]

[Probate and Administration] — [Personal representatives] — [Liabilities]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Chye Seng Kait

  
v

  

Chye Seng Fong (executor and trustee of the estate of Chye You, deceased)

[2021] SGHC 83

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 428 of 2018  
Vinodh Coomaraswamy J  
16–18 June, 29 September 2020

20 April 2021

Vinodh Coomaraswamy J:

Introduction

1 The plaintiff and the defendant are brothers. Their father died in 2015. His
will named the defendant as the executor of the estate. The schedule of assets
which the defendant annexed to the father’s grant of probate values the estate
at $1.7m. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents (“AB”) at pp 48–49.

The plaintiff believes that the value of the father’s estate is substantially
more than $1.7m. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Reply and Defence to Counterclaim (Amendment No 2) (“Reply”) at [9] and [11].

The plaintiff points out that the father was a fairly successful property
developer in his lifetime. The plaintiff therefore puts the likely value of
the father’s estate at $7m. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions (“PCS”) at [4]; Notes of Evidence (“NEs”), 16
June 2020, at p 72, lines 13–15.

The plaintiff now brings this action against the defendant seeking relief for
what he asserts are the defendant’s breaches of duty as executor. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

PCS at [1].

2 I have dismissed the plaintiff’s claim. I have found that the defendant has
not breached any of his duties as executor. The plaintiff has appealed against
my decision. I now give my reasons in full.

The parties’ cases

The plaintiff’s case

3 The plaintiff’s case is that one of the defendant’s duties as executor of
the father’s estate is to make sufficient inquiry in order to identify the
assets of the estate. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

PCS at [1].

The relief which the plaintiff seeks for the defendant’s alleged breach of
this duty is an order for the defendant to account for the father’s estate
either on the wilful default basis 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 3) (“SOC”) at [14(d)]; PCS at [102]; NEs, 29
September 2020, at p 3, lines 11–16.

or the common account basis. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

SOC at [14(d)]; PCS at [101].

In the alternative, the plaintiff asks the court to remove the defendant as
executor and to appoint in his place either the plaintiff or such other person
as the court sees fit. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

SOC at [14(c)].

4 An executor owes a duty to call in his testator’s estate: Lee Yoke San and
another v Tsong Sai Sai Cecilia and another [1992] 3 SLR(R) 516 (“Lee Yoke
San”) at [35]. I accept that this duty necessarily entails a subsidiary duty
to make sufficient inquiry in order to identify the assets of the estate. What
amounts to sufficient inquiry will depend on what is reasonable in all the
circumstances of the case, bearing in mind the type of asset in question, the
value of the asset, the nature and extent of the inquiry already made and the
cost or practicality of making further inquiry.

5 It is part of the plaintiff’s case that claims which an estate may have to
recover estate assets from those who have misappropriated them are equally
assets of the estate which an executor has a duty to make sufficient inquiry
into. I accept this also.

6 When the father died in 2015, he was an account holder of three bank
accounts: 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

AB at p 48; Chye Seng Fong’s AEIC at [30] and [48].

(a) A joint account with OCBC which the father opened with his wife (“the
Wife’s Joint Account”). This account held over $200,000 at the time of his
death.

(b) A joint account with OCBC which the father opened in 1999 with his
youngest daughter, Chye Moi June (“the OCBC Joint Account”). This account held
over $40,000 at the time of his death.

(c) A joint account with DBS which the father opened in 2006 with Chye Moi
June (“the DBS Joint Account”). This account held over $70,000 at the time of
his death.

7 The plaintiff alleges that the defendant is in breach of his duty to make
sufficient inquiry into the following:

(a) The disposal of the money in the DBS Joint Account and the OCBC Joint
Account (collectively, “the CMJ Joint Accounts”), 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

SOC at [10(a)].

including two specific transactions on the CMJ Joint Accounts; 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

SOC at [10(b)–(f)]; Further and Better Particulars of the Statement of Claim
(Amendment No 3) Pursuant to Request Dated 27 December 2019 (“F&BP”) at (a)
and (b).

and

(b) The distribution in 2007 of the net proceeds of the sale of a property
which the father purchased with Chye Moi June in 1999 in Killiney Road (“the
Killiney property”). 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

SOC at [10(g)].

8 The plaintiff also pleaded six other breaches of duty against the defendant.
Sensibly, the plaintiff no longer pursues any of these other breaches. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

PCS at [1]; NEs, 29 September 2020, at p 3, lines 17–32.

The defendant’s case

9 The defendant asserts that he has indeed made sufficient inquiry in order to
identify the assets of the estate, including inquiry into the two transactions
on the CMJ Joint Accounts and inquiry into the distribution of the net
proceeds of sale of the Killiney property. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 2) (“D&CC”) at [18], [21(3)] and [22].

10 The defendant brings a counterclaim for the legal expenses which he has
incurred over the years in dealing with the plaintiff’s allegations as to the
defendant’s executorship of the estate. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

D&CC at [37] and prayer 4.

Sensibly, the defendant no longer pursues his counterclaim. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

NEs, 29 September 2020, at p 72, lines 10–11.

Preliminary point on wilful default

11 Before considering the plaintiff’s case, I make a preliminary point on the
plaintiff’s claim for an account on the wilful default basis. The plaintiff
submits: (a) that the defendant’s breach of duty amounts to a breach of trust;
and (b) that this breach of trust justifies an order for an account of the
estate on the wilful default basis. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

NEs, 29 September 2020, at p 6, line 31–p 7, line 1.

12 On the first point, it is true that an executor’s duty to call in the
assets of the estate is a fiduciary duty: Roger Kerridge, Parry and Kerridge:
The Law of Succession (Sweet & Maxwell, 13th Ed, 2016) (“Parry and Kerridge”)
at para 23-31, citing Re Hayes’ Will Trusts [1971] 1 WLR 758 at 764–765. This
duty, however, is a duty owed as executor, not as trustee. Breach of this duty
is, strictly speaking, not a breach of trust because the executor has yet to
assume the role of trustee of those assets: see Lee Yoke San ([4] supra) at
[35]; Alexander Learmonth et al, Williams, Mortimer and Sunnucks on Executors,
Administrators and Probate (Sweet & Maxwell, 21st Ed, 2018) (“Williams,
Mortimer and Sunnucks”) at para 52-04.

13 As for the plaintiff’s second point, even though breach of this duty is not
a breach of trust, an executor may be liable to account on the wilful default
basis where his breach is a devastavit causing loss: Parry and Kerridge at
para 24-08; Williams, Mortimer and Sunnucks at para 52-05. In the present
case, the loss to the estate which the plaintiff has pleaded is the loss
arising from the two transactions on the CMJ Joint Accounts and the father’s
failure to receive his full entitlement to the sale proceeds of the Killiney
property. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

SOC at [10(e)]; Reply at [9].

The Joint Accounts

14 The plaintiff submits that the CMJ Joint Accounts are estate assets because
a resulting trust arose in favour of the father in his lifetime which endures
and prevails over any interest which CMJ might otherwise have acquired by
survivorship upon the father’s death. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

PCS at [14].

The two transactions from the CMJ Joint Accounts are therefore a disposal of
estate assets and within the scope of defendant’s duty to make sufficient
inquiry.

15 The defendant accepts that the father contributed all of the money in both
of the CMJ Joint Accounts. He therefore accepts that Chye Moi June held the
CMJ Joint Accounts on resulting trust for the father during his lifetime. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

NEs, 29 September 2020, at p 51, line 20 to p 52, line 2.

The defendant’s case is that inquiry into the two transactions is unnecessary
because cl 2 of the father’s will made an absolute gift of the CMJ Joint
Accounts to Chye Moi June. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

D&CC at [16]; Defendant’s Closing Submissions (“DCS”) at [67]–[70].

16 I accept the defendant’s case for the reasons which follow.

Resulting trust in favour of the father

17 The plaintiff addressed the existence of a resulting trust at length. So I
first explain why the father and Chye Moi June held the CMJ Joint Accounts on
resulting trust for the father during his lifetime.

18 Absent clear evidence of A’s intention (Chan Yuen Lan v See Fong Mun [2014]
3 SLR 1048 at [51]–[52]), where A provides money for property the legal title
to which vests in B alone or in the joint names of A and B, a resulting trust
is presumed to arise in favour of A: Lau Siew Kim v Yeo Guan Chye Terence and
another [2008] 2 SLR(R) 108 (“Lau Siew Kim”) at [34]. The father provided all
the money in the CMJ Joint Accounts. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

SOC at [10(a)]; Defendant’s Reply Submissions (“DRS”) at [11(1)].

There is no evidence of the father’s intention at that time to gift the CMJ
Joint Accounts to Chye Moi June. There is therefore a presumption of a
resulting trust over the CMJ Joint Accounts in his favour.

19 The presumption of a resulting trust may be displaced by the presumption of
advancement. This presumption applies to a transfer from a parent to a child:
Lau Siew Kim at [57] and [66]–[67]. Two elements affect the strength of the
presumption of advancement on the facts of any given case: (a) the nature of
the relationship between parent and child, including the child’s financial
dependence on the parent; and (b) the state of the relationship between the
parent and the child at the time of the transfer: Lau Siew Kim at [67]–[68],
[78] and [139].

20 The plaintiff accepts that the presumption of advancement arises in this
case because the father opened the CMJ Joint Accounts in the joint names of
himself and his child. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

PCS at [18].

But he argues that the presumption of advancement is rebutted on the facts, as
it was in Low Gim Siah and others v Low Geok Khim and another [2007] 1 SLR(R)
795 (“Low Gim Siah”). 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

PCS at [19]–[20] and [22].

21 In Low Gim Siah, a father opened joint bank accounts with a child, ensuring
that only the father could draw on the joint accounts and keeping the interest
earned as his own (at [49]). The Court of Appeal held that the father’s full
and complete dominion over the joint accounts rebutted the presumption of
advancement (at [51]).

22 Another example of full and complete dominion is the Ontario case of Saylor
v Madsen Estate (2006) 261 DLR (4th) 597, cited in Low Gim Siah (at [52]). The
presumption of advancement was rebutted in that case because: (a) the father
claimed all the interest in the joint accounts; (b) his child did not deposit
any of her own money into the accounts; and (c) the child drew cheques on the
accounts only at the father’s direction.

23 I accept the defendant’s submission that the presumption of advancement is
rebutted on the facts of this case for three reasons. First and most
significantly, I accept, as the plaintiff claims, that the father exercised
full and complete dominion over the CMJ Joint Accounts in his lifetime. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

PCS at [20(d)].

Chye Moi June testified that the father operated the CMJ Joint Accounts
without consulting her 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

NEs, 17 June 2020, at p 95, lines 14–21.

and that he retained possession and control of the cheque books and bank
statements. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

NEs, 17 June 2020, at p 96, lines 1–21.

She did not know about any of the transactions on the CMJ Joint Accounts and
never questioned the father about them. Second, Chye Moi June also testified
that she was financially independent when the father opened the CMJ Joint
Accounts and remained so at all times thereafter. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Chye Moi June’s AEIC at [31].

This is borne out by the objective facts. Chye Moi June is a Senior Vice-
President of a public company listed on the Singapore Exchange. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Chye Moi June’s AEIC at [1].

Finally, Chye Moi June herself accepted in cross-examination that the CMJ
Joint Accounts belonged to the father in his lifetime. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

NEs, 17 June 2020, at p 99, lines 12–20.

Whether Chye Moi June held the CMJ Joint Accounts on resulting trust for the
father is, of course, a question of law. Her evidence on this point cannot
therefore be an “admission” which concludes the analysis on this legal
question. But her evidence that the CMJ Joint Accounts belonged to the father
is evidence of her intention when these joint accounts were opened, and by
implication of the father’s intention at that time.

24 For the foregoing reasons, on the facts of this case, I hold that the
presumption of advancement is rebutted in relation to the CMJ Joint Accounts.
Chye Moi June accordingly at all times held her interest in the CMJ Joint
Accounts on resulting trust for the father. The father was therefore the full
owner in equity of both of the CMJ Joint Accounts during his lifetime.

The two transactions

25 As I have mentioned, it is the plaintiff’s case that the defendant has
breached his duty as executor by failing to make any or any sufficient inquiry
into two specific transactions from the CMJ Joint Accounts. I now consider
these two transactions.

$200,000 withdrawal in 2007

26 The first transaction is a debit of $200,000 representing a cheque drawn on
and cleared from the DBS Joint Account in 2007, eight years before the father
passed away. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

AB at pp 218–220.

The plaintiff’s pleaded case is that: (a) it was Chye Moi June who drew the
cheque and received the $200,000; (b) she did so wrongfully; and (c) the
defendant has, in breach of duty, failed to make sufficient inquiry into this
transaction and to hold Chye Moi June to account for it. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

SOC at [10(b)] and [10(d)–(e)]; F&BP at (a).

27 The plaintiff’s pleaded case that Chye Moi June drew this cheque and
received the $200,000 wrongfully is devoid of any merit. The plaintiff accepts
that there is no evidence that Chye Moi June drew this cheque in her own
favour or that the father drew this cheque in her favour as payee. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

PCS at [34]–[35].

In fact, precisely because the father exercised complete control over the DBS
Joint Account and the chequebooks, it is the plaintiff’s own evidence that:
(a) he believes that it was the father who drew the cheque; 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

NEs, 16 June 2020, at p 25, lines 20–22.

(b) there is no evidence as to who the payee was; 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

NEs, 16 June 2020, at p 26, lines 8–10.

and (c) Chye Moi June “[didn’t] know where the cheque [went]”. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

NEs, 16 June 2020, at p 26, lines 13–20.

This is entirely consistent with Chye Moi June’s evidence that: (a) she did
not draw this cheque; (b) she did not receive the proceeds of this cheque; and
(c) she does not know who the payee was because the father retained possession
and control over the chequebooks. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Chye Moi June’s AEIC at [25]; NEs, 17 June 2020, at p 96, lines 1–12.

28 I therefore find that the defendant is not in breach of his duty to make
sufficient inquiry with respect to this transaction. He made inquiry of Chye
Moi June herself as to whether she received the $200,000 or knew who the payee
was. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Chye Seng Fong’s AEIC at [37].

He was satisfied with her response. In addition, as the defendant points out,
39

##### Foot Note 39

×

DCS at [47].

he has authorised the plaintiff to obtain the statements for the CMJ Joint
Accounts directly from OCBC and DBS. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Chye Seng Kait’s AEIC at [19]–[20].

I find this to be sufficient inquiry in all the circumstances of the case,
particularly given how long ago the transaction took place and the complete
lack of any evidence to support the plaintiff’s allegations. The defendant is
under no duty to make any further inquiry.

Share subscription in 2014

29 The second transaction is a withdrawal of $15,300 which Chye Moi June made
in 2014 from the OCBC Joint Account. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

SOC at [10(b)–(e)]; F&BP at (b).

Chye Moi June withdrew this money to subscribe for a rights issue of OCBC
shares on the father’s behalf and for his benefit. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

AB at pp 566–567 and 600–601; Chye Moi June’s AEIC at [13(2)]; NEs, 17 June
2020, at p 97, lines 3–8.

30 The father was diagnosed with dementia in 2010. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Dr Sitoh’s AEIC, Exhibit SYY-1, at [15] and [17]–[18].

By 2014, he was suffering from moderately severe to severe vascular dementia.
44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Dr Sitoh’s AEIC, Exhibit SYY-1, at [82]–[83].

It is therefore undisputed that the father lacked the capacity in 2014 to
decide for himself whether to withdraw this sum or to subscribe for the rights
issue. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

PCS at [59]; DCS at [55]; NEs, 17 June 2020, at p 97, line 25–p 98, line 3.

31 The plaintiff submits that Chye Moi June withdrew this sum and applied it
towards the OCBC rights issue in “breach” of the resulting trust on which she
held the OCBC Joint Account. His case is that she did this without the
father’s consent and without any authorisation from the family. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions (“PRS”) at [47]–[48].

It is not clear to me what relevance authorisation from the family could have
had. A family member does not, by virtue of that relationship alone, have the
power to consent for or on behalf of another family member who lacks capacity.
Only a deputy duly appointed under the Mental Capacity Act (Cap 177A, 2010 Rev
Ed) has that power. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

PRS at [47].

32 I accept the defendant’s submission that the defendant did not breach his
duty to inquire into this transaction. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

DCS at [63].

As the defendant points out, 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

DCS at [59].

Chye Moi June withdrew the $15,300 and subscribed for the rights issue on the
father’s behalf, 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

AB at p 599.

not for her own benefit. I accept Chye Moi June’s evidence was that “[i]t was
a no-brainer” to subscribe for the rights issue because OCBC is a blue-chip
stock and was offering the shares to the father at a discount to the market
price. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

NEs, 17 June 2020, at p 97, lines 16–20.

I therefore reject the plaintiff’s submission 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

NEs, 29 September 2020, at p 17, lines 19–20.

that Chye Moi June’s decision to withdraw the $15,300 and to purchase these
shares was a speculative venture and a “breach” of the resulting trust which
warrants further inquiry or action. I accept that the defendant made
sufficient inquiry into this transaction.

33 Chye Moi June later reimbursed the OCBC Joint Account by transferring
$15,300 to it from the Wife’s Joint Account. I accept Chye Moi June’s evidence
that she reimbursed the account in this way “to comply with [the father’s]
earlier instructions to [the defendant] that all [their] parents’ expenses
were to be funded from [the parents’] joint account”. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Chye Moi June’s AEIC at [28].

I therefore do not accept that this reimbursement is any sort of
acknowledgement of wrongdoing by Chye Moi June.

34 In any event, I also accept the defendant’s submission that this
transaction led to no loss to the estate. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

DCS at [61].

First, Chye Moi June reimbursed the OCBC Joint Account in full. Second, the
subscription in fact increased the father’s assets. As the defendant points
out, 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

DCS at [61].

the shares were trading at a price higher than the subscription price paid in
2014 when the father died in 2015. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

AB at p 48, item 6(2).

These shares remained the father’s assets at that time. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

AB at p 100, item 6(2).

Clause 2 of the will

35 Another reason I reject the plaintiff’s case on the CMJ Joint Accounts is
because I find that the father made an absolute gift of these two accounts to
Chye Moi June by cl 2 of his will. If anybody has suffered loss by reason of
these two transactions, therefore, it is Chye Moi June and not the estate.

36 Clause 2 of the father’s will provides as follows: 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

AB at p 32.

I hereby declare that any immovable property held by me jointly with the co-
owner as joint tenants shall belong to the surviving joint tenant absolutely
by virtue of the right of survivorship. I further declare that any account
held by me with any other person(s) jointly in any financial institution shall
also belong to such joint account holder(s) absolutely by virtue of the right
of survivorship.

The parties’ cases

37 The defendant submits that cl 2 of the father’s will manifests his
intention to make an absolute gift of the CMJ Joint Accounts to Chye Moi June.
59

##### Foot Note 59

×

D&CC at [16].

38 The plaintiff submits cl 2 does not in itself gift any interest to the
joint account holder. His submission is that cl 2, read in light of the common
law presumption against double portions and also in light of cl 4 of the
father’s will, 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

PCS at [23]–[29].

does no more than merely restate the legal position when a right of
survivorship operates by law. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

NEs, 29 September 2020, at p 11, lines 13–21.

39 I accept the defendant’s submissions and reject the plaintiff’s.

Clause 2 makes an absolute gift to Chye Moi June

40 In construing a will, the court seeks to ascertain and give effect to the
testator’s intention as expressed in his will, read as a whole in light of any
admissible extrinsic evidence: Low Ah Cheow and others v Ng Hock Guan [2009] 3
SLR(R) 1079 at [19]. I accept the defendant’s submission that the second
sentence of cl 2 properly construed makes an absolute gift of the CMJ Joint
Accounts to Chye Moi June. I do so for two reasons.

41 First, on a plain reading of cl 2, the father intended to gift jointly
owned property – immovable property held as joint tenants and joint accounts
in financial institutions – to the joint owner. In cl 2, the father
“declare[d]” to whom the jointly owned property “shall” belong. This
imperative language shows that the father’s intent was actively to make a
gift, not passively to state that he was content with the legal position which
would obtain in any event when a right of survivorship operates by law.

42 Second, the plaintiff’s interpretation gives no meaning whatsoever to cl 2
of the will. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

NEs, 29 September 2020, at p 11, lines 17–21.

But the principle in construing a will is that the court seeks to give effect
to every word on the premise that a testator does not will in vain. The court
should not disregard a part of the will as long as some meaning can be
ascribed to it and that meaning is not contrary to an intention plainly
expressed elsewhere in the will: Goh Nellie v Goh Lian Teck and others [2007]
1 SLR(R) 453 at [62]. I therefore decline to construe cl 2 as merely
reiterating the legal position that would obtain when a right of survivorship
operates by law. Adopting the plaintiff’s construction would render cl 2
entirely superfluous. I do not consider that to be the correct approach.

43 In contrast, the defendant’s construction ascribes some meaning to cl 2 and
does not render it superfluous. I interpret the phrase “shall belong …
absolutely by virtue of the right of survivorship” to mean that the surviving
joint tenant receives the entire interest in the jointly-owned property by way
of absolute gift under the will.

44 If my interpretation of the phrase is not correct, I construe cl 2 as if
the phrase “by virtue of the right of survivorship” were omitted. With those
words read out of cl 2, the imperative nature of the donative intent expressed
in that clause is even clearer. Words may be read out for repugnance,
inconsistency or senselessness in the context where they are clearly contrary
to the intention expressed in the will: Francis Barlow et al, Williams on
Wills vol 1 (LexisNexis, 10th Ed, 2014) (“Williams on Wills”) at para 52.6. It
is true that no meaning will then be ascribed to the omitted phrase, which
appears at the end of both sentences in cl 2. But between giving no meaning to
just a part of cl 2 and giving no meaning to the entirety of cl 2, I consider
that the former gives greater effect to more of the language of the will and
therefore is more likely to give effect to the father’s true intention.

Double portions

45 I do not accept the plaintiff’s submission that construing cl 2 of the will
in light of the presumption against double portions suggests that the father
did not intend to make an absolute gift to Chye Moi June of the CMJ Joint
Accounts. The plaintiff raises the presumption against double portions because
the father sold an apartment in a development called the Waterside (“the
Waterside property”) about a decade before his death. He gave each daughter
$200,000 and each son $100,000 from the sale proceeds. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Exhibit D1; NEs, 17 June 2020, at p 65, line 25 – p 66, line 13 and p 67,
lines 3–10.

46 The plaintiff argues that the principle of ademption by virtue of the
presumption against double portions applies. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

PCS at [27].

In this form of ademption, a parent’s gift by will, that gift being a portion,
is adeemed when he provides a portion to the child during his lifetime: John G
Ross Martyn et al, Theobald on Wills (Sweet & Maxwell, 18th Ed, 2016)
(“Theobald on Wills”) at para 34-016. This form of ademption is based on the
rebuttable presumption that a testator who is a parent (or a person in loco
parentis) does not intend to provide double portions to his children. The
testator is presumed to have intended the portion provided during the
testator’s lifetime as a substitution for the legacy: Theobald on Wills at
para 34-016; Ng Kwok Seng & anor v Mei Lin Ng (f) [2015] 8 MLJ 455 at [18].

47 As the defendant points out, 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

DCS at [102]–[103].

this form of ademption applies only where the will predates the inter vivos
gift: see Theobald on Wills at paras 34-016–34-017; Williams on Wills at para
44.3. This is because the inter vivos gift accelerates the enjoyment of the
provisions of the will: Theobald on Wills at para 34-016.

48 In this case, the father made gifts from the sale proceeds of the Waterside
property in June 2006. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Exhibit D1.

He made the will five months later, in November 2006. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

AB at p 33.

The plaintiff cites no authority for his submission that the presumption can
operate where the will is made after the inter vivos gift. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

PRS at [66].

I therefore find that the gift to Chye Moi June under cl 2 was not adeemed by
the father having given Chye Moi June a portion of the sale proceeds from the
Waterside property in his lifetime.

Clause 4 of the will

49 I do not accept the plaintiff’s submission that construing cl 2 of the will
in light of cl 4 of the will suggests that the father did not intend to make
an absolute gift to Chye Moi June of the CMJ Joint Accounts. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

PCS at [29]; PRS at [67].

Clause 4 reads: 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

AB at p 32.

I would like to mention that I have excluded my wife and daughters from this
my Will as I have made sufficient provisions for them during my life time
[sic].

50 The plaintiff’s pleaded case is that “sufficient provisions” in cl 4 refers
to the father’s gifts to his daughters of part of the sale proceeds from the
Waterside property. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Reply at [3].

Regardless of whether that is true, I do not consider that cl 4 undermines my
construction of cl 2. In my view, the purpose of cl 4 is to explain why the
father named only his two sons, the plaintiff and the defendant, as his
residuary legatees in cl 3 of the will.

51 According to the plaintiff, 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

PCS at [28].

the father named only his sons as residuary legatees in cl 3 of the will and
expressly excluded his daughters in cl 4 of the will because the father wanted
“all his money [to] remain in the Chye family”, that is, to pass only to his
sons. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

NEs, 16 June 2020, at p 23, lines 4–6.

To support this aspect of his case, the plaintiff gave evidence under cross-
examination that the father also told him that “[the father] would clear off
[sic] all money in the [CMJ Joint Accounts]”, 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

NEs, 16 June 2020, at p 23, lines 3–4.

ie reduce all the balances to zero. This alleged conversation appears nowhere
in the plaintiff’s affidavit of evidence in chief. This conversation, if it
happened, had a direct relevance to the matters in issue in this action. Even
a lay person would have appreciated that and would have included evidence of
this conversation in his affidavit of evidence in chief. The plaintiff did
not. I reject this part of the plaintiff’s evidence as a contrivance and an
afterthought.

52 It is also the case that cl 3 of the will disposes only of real and
personal property “not hereby … specifically disposed of”. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

AB at p 32.

This supports my holding that the father intended to make specific
dispositions by another part of the will. That to my mind is another
indication that the father intended positively to make gifts to the co-owners
by cl 2 of the will. But as the defendant did not raise this argument, I do
not rest my construction of cl 2 on these words in cl 3.

53 On the proper construction of cl 2, as I have found it, Chye Moi June is
entitled absolutely to the CMJ Joint Accounts, containing a total of over
$115,000 at the time of the father’s death. The plaintiff submits that this
cannot have been the father’s intention because there is “no convincing
reason” why the father would have preferred Chye Moi June in this way over his
other children. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

PCS at [27].

But a possible reason was provided by Chye Sing Neok. She is the eldest child
of the family 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Chye Moi June’s AEIC at [2].

and gave evidence for the plaintiff under subpoena. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

HC/SBP 32/2020.

She testified that Chye Moi June lived with the parents into their dotage and
was their principal caregiver. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

NEs, 16 June 2020, at p 107, lines 15–19 and p 114, lines 13–25.

It is also the case that she was closer to the father than the other siblings
were. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

NEs, 16 June 2020, at p 115, lines 12–15.

54 For the foregoing reasons, I find that the father’s donative intent as
expressed in cl 2 of his will was to make Chye Moi June the absolute owner of
the CMJ Joint Accounts. This is yet another reason for my finding that the
defendant has not breached his duty to make sufficient inquiry into the CMJ
Joint Accounts and the two specific transaction which the plaintiff queries.

The sale proceeds of the Waterside property

55 An issue which arose at trial was whether the sale proceeds of the
Waterside property were paid into the Wife’s Joint Account or the OCBC Joint
Account before the father made gifts out of the sale proceeds. I need not make
findings on this issue given my construction of the will as making an absolute
gift to Chye Moi June of the CMJ Joint Accounts. But, as the parties led
evidence and made submissions on this point, I will set out my findings.

56 I find that the father made the gifts from the Wife’s Joint Account, not
from the OCBC Joint Account.

57 The father made the gifts by seven cheques (“the Waterside Cheques”). 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Exhibit D1; NEs, 17 June 2020, at p 67, line 2 – p 68, line 25.

The defendant testified that the Waterside Cheque which he received was drawn
on the Wife’s Joint Account. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

NEs, 17 June 2020, at p 15, line 25 – p 16, line 4.

Chye Sing Neok initially testified, however, that the Waterside Cheques were
drawn on the OCBC Joint Account, 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

NEs, 16 June 2020, at p 120, lines 7–13.

because the Wife’s Joint Account was an overdraft account. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

NEs, 16 June 2020, at p 119, lines 15–20 and p 120, line 25 – p 121, line 2.

58 Chye Sing Neok was later recalled to the stand in order to be shown a
different cheque and a cheque register recording the Waterside Cheques. She
then acknowledged that she had been mistaken and accepted that the Waterside
Cheques were in fact drawn on the Wife’s Joint Account. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

NEs, 17 June 2020, at p 73, lines 10–14 and p 73, line 23 – p 74, line 4.

The cheque numbers of the Waterside Cheques start with the same four digits as
three other cheques that were indisputably drawn on the Wife’s Joint Account
in the preceding and following months. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

Exhibits D2 and D4; NEs, 17 June 2020, at p 13, lines 15–22 and p 16, lines
6–8.

Given the inherent probabilities, I therefore find that all the Waterside
Cheques came from the Wife’s Joint Account.

The Killiney property

59 It is also the plaintiff’s case that the defendant has breached his duty as
executor because he has failed to make any or any sufficient inquiry into the
distribution of the sale proceeds from the Killiney property. This was a
property which Chye Moi June and the father acquired in 1999 as tenants in
common in equal shares. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

AB at p 183; Chye Seng Kait’s AEIC at [27].

When the property was sold, the net sale proceeds were divided equally between
the two of them. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

AB at p 34.

The defendant has made inquiry of Chye Moi June as to why the net proceeds of
sale were distributed in this way. He accepts her explanation that this was
because she and the father contributed equally to the purchase of the Killiney
Property. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

DCS at [8].

60 The plaintiff’s case is that the defendant has failed to make sufficient
inquiry into the distribution of the net sale proceeds of the Killiney
Property. His case is that the father’s and Chye Moi June’s contributions to
its purchase price were not equal. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

SOC at [10(g)]; PCS at [97(d)].

He submits that the father contributed about 67% of the purchase price and was
therefore entitled to that same proportion of the net sale proceeds. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

PCS at [97(c)].

61 It is undisputed that (a) the father paid 50% of the purchase price of the
Killiney Property in cash; (b) Chye Moi June paid about 16% of the purchase
price in cash and from her CPF account; and (c) Chye Moi June funded the
remaining 34% of the purchase price by taking a bank loan secured on a
mortgage over the Killiney property. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

PCS at [42]; DCS at [9]–[13]; AB at p 4.

What is disputed is whether the loan should be treated as a contribution by
Chye Moi June only or whether it should be treated as a contribution by Chye
Moi June and the father in equal shares.

62 Chye Moi June was the sole borrower for this loan. But she and the father,
as co-owners of the property, were co-mortgagors. The plaintiff points out
that, under the terms of the mortgage, both co-mortgagors undertook a joint
and several personal liability to repay the loan. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

AB at pp 11–12 and 16.

The plaintiff therefore submits that the father’s personal liability for the
loan justifies treating half of the loan as his contribution to the purchase
price. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

Reply at [8]; PCS at [38].

63 I do not accept the plaintiff’s submission. A purchase price resulting
trust in favour of the father might have arisen if he had paid the loan
instalments in accordance with a clear agreement or a common understanding
existing at the time the father and Chye Moi June bought the property as to
the ultimate source of the money for the purchase: see Lau Siew Kim ([18]
supra) at [116]–[117]; Tan Yok Koon v Tan Choo Suan and another and other
appeals [2017] 1 SLR 654 at [153]. But there is no evidence of any such
agreement or common understanding.

64 Chye Moi June’s uncontradicted evidence is that she paid the loan
instalments herself. There is no evidence whatsoever that the father paid any
of the loan instalments. The plaintiff initially alleged that Chye Moi June
paid the loan instalments in part with the father’s 50% share of the rental
income. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

SOC at [10(g)], cf PCS and PRS.

But, once again, he made this allegation without any evidence whatsoever. His
own evidence is that he “[does] not know what has happened to any rental
received”. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

Chye Seng Kait’s AEIC at [32].

As a result, the plaintiff withdrew this allegation.

65 In any event, I accept Chye Moi June’s evidence that she accounted to her
father for his half share of the rental income. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

Chye Moi June’s AEIC at [31].

Chye Moi June’s evidence is supported by the following documents:

(a) A schedule of payments kept by the father; 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

AB at pp 19 and 183.

(b) Chye Moi June’s cheque register; 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

AB at pp 26–28.

and

(c) An email which Chye Moi June sent the plaintiff after four years of
renting out the Killiney property. In this email, she reminded the plaintiff
to repay a loan she had made to him because she needed to pay the loan
instalments on the Killiney property and asserted that she was paying half of
the rental income to the father. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

Defendant’s Bundle of Documents, Tab 1; NEs, 16 June 2020, at p 55, line 18 –
p 56, line 18.

66 I therefore accept that Chye Moi June paid the loan instalments entirely
from her own resources.

67 Still, it is not fatal to the plaintiff’s case if the father did not
actually pay any part of the loan instalments. It suffices for the plaintiff
to prove an agreement or a common understanding between Chye Moi June and the
father at the time of purchase that he would pay half the loan instalments,
even if he ultimately did not do so. This follows from the position reiterated
in Su Emmanuel v Emmanuel Priya Ethel Anne and another [2016] 3 SLR 1222 (“Su
Emmanuel”) that the proprietary interests under a resulting trust crystallise
at the time of purchase and do not fluctuate as and when a party makes
payments towards the reducing the loan over time (at [92]). Just as A’s
overpayment of loan instalments – ie, over and above the share which A was to
pay under a prior agreement or common understanding – cannot increase A’s
proprietary interest under a resulting trust, so also A’s underpayment of the
loan instalments cannot reduce A’s proprietary interest under a resulting
trust. A’s underpayment of the loan instalments may, however, make less
credible B’s claim that the parties had the alleged prior agreement or common
understanding in the first place.

68 The identity of the borrower or mortgagor is not determinative of the
parties’ agreement or understanding as to who is to repay the loan. In
addition, subsequent conduct may be evidence of the agreement or
understanding. In Su Emmanuel, the Court of Appeal said (at [90]):

Many factors are engaged in the determination of the precise agreement or
understanding between the parties as to who would repay the mortgage. The
focus should not lie exclusively on who took on liability for the mortgage as
against the bank. Often such liability will be joint because the bank would
like to have the widest choice of the parties against whom it can enforce the
liability under the mortgage. Rather, the question will turn on what the
operating agreement was between the co-owning parties at the time the loan was
taken out. In this regard, subsequent conduct may be relevant to the extent
that it sheds light on such an agreement (if any) between the co-owners. Thus,
in Chan Yuen Lan, despite the fact that liability for the loan fell on the
wife, the court found that the agreement between the parties was for the
husband to repay the loan and therefore the loan amount of $400,000 was
attributed to the husband as his direct contribution to the acquisition of the
property (at [81]–[87]).

[emphasis in original omitted; emphasis added in italics]

69 The plaintiff bears the burden of proof in this action. He has failed to
prove that the father and Chye Moi June had an agreement or a common
understanding at any time that the father would pay half the loan instalments.
Indeed, my finding is to the contrary effect. I find that the father and Chye
Moi June had a prior agreement or, at the very least, a common understanding,
that it would be Chye Moi June who would be responsible for paying all of the
loan instalments in full herself. I make this finding for two reasons.

70 First, this understanding accounts for the structure of the investment and
Chye Moi June’s payments of the instalment. It explains why Chye Moi June was
named as the sole borrower of the loan even though she and the father, as the
co-owners of the property, were co-mortgagors. Further, she alone paid the
loan instalments in full, entirely from her own resources. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

Chye Moi June’s AEIC at [31].

Finally, when they sold the Killiney Property, the outstanding loan was paid
entirely out of Chye Moi June’s 50% share of the sale proceeds. The
conveyancing solicitors did this on her instructions. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

AB at p 34.

71 Second, the father and Chye Moi June understood they each had made equal
capital contributions to this investment. I infer this from their
understanding that they each had an equal economic interest in the income and
capital gain generated by this investment. This is shown by their agreement to
divide equally between themselves the rental income and the net proceeds of
sale. It is true that it was Chye Moi June, and not the father, who instructed
the conveyancing solicitors to divide equally the net sale proceeds. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

AB at p 34.

But, as the plaintiff points out, 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

DCS at [117].

the father received the solicitors’ completion account showing the equal
division and did not suggest that he was entitled to more.

72 In cross-examination, the plaintiff alleged that the father had complained
privately to him about his joint investment in the Killiney property with Chye
Moi June. The plaintiff’s evidence was that the father was worried that his
other daughters would propose similar investments where the father would be
expected to make a 50% capital contribution in cash while the daughters made
their capital contribution largely by loan. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

NEs, 16 June 2020, at p 49, lines 11–19.

I reject this evidence as an afterthought. It is wholly unsupported by any
other evidence. In any event, all that this evidence shows is that the father
was allegedly unhappy that the other daughters might put a strain on his
capital. This evidence, even if true, does not show that the father viewed
himself as having contributed more towards the purchase price of the Killiney
Property than Chye Moi June or that he was unhappy with the equal division of
the sale proceeds of the Killiney Property.

73 Because no purchase price resulting trust arose in favour of the father,
Chye Moi June was entitled to 50% of the net proceeds of sale of the Killiney
property. The other 50% was duly paid to the father in his lifetime and
absorbed into the assets which ultimately formed his estate. The distribution
of the net sale proceeds was entirely in order. There is nothing for the
defendant to inquire into. The defendant therefore has not breached his duty
to make sufficient inquiry into the distribution of the net sale proceeds of
the Killiney property.

Other alleged breaches of duty

74 For completeness, I also find that the plaintiff has failed to establish
two other allegations of the defendant’s breach of duty. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

Plaintiff’s Opening Statement (“POS”) at [11].

75 First, I find that the defendant did not breach his duty to safeguard the
assets of the estate and to avoid a conflict of interest. The plaintiff pleads
that the defendant breached both of these duties by deducting from the assets
of the estate certain legal fees which he incurred in his personal capacity.
107

##### Foot Note 107

×

SOC at [10(h)–(i)].

These legal fees were relate to work done in corresponding with the plaintiff,
his lawyers and Chye Moi June in 2016 and 2017. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

AB at pp 113–118; D&CC at [27]; Defendant’s Opening Statement (“DOS”) at [30].

I accept the defendant’s submission that these legal fees were testamentary
and administrative expenses. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

DOS at [32].

Testamentary and administrative expenses are “expenses incident to the proper
performance of the duty of the executor”. They include expenses incurred in
taking legal advice as to the distribution of the estate: Foo Jee Boo and
another v Foo Jhee Tuang and others [2016] SGHC 260 at [77], citing Sharp v
Lush [1879] 10 Ch D 468 at 470–471.

76 Second, I find that the defendant did not breach his duty to distribute the
assets of the estate promptly and fairly. Within 15 months of the issue of the
grant of probate, the defendant proposed to distribute to the plaintiff
$72,451.34 upon the plaintiff confirming that he did not object to the
defendant’s statement of account. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

AB at p 119.

The plaintiff submits that the defendant breached this duty by making the
distribution conditional on the plaintiff accepting the accuracy of the
statement of account. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

POS at [50]–[51].

I reject this submission. The plaintiff calculated the sum of $72,451.34 as
half of the residue of the estate due to the plaintiff in accordance with cl 3
of the will. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

AB at pp 99–102.

In the circumstances of this case, there is nothing unreasonable about the
defendant making the distribution conditional on the plaintiff accepting the
statement of account as accurate. In so far as the distribution of the assets
of the estate has been delayed beyond that, that delay is a consequence of the
plaintiff’s action, not the defendant’s inaction.

Conclusion

77 For the foregoing reasons, I find that the defendant is not in breach of
any of his duties as the father’s executor. I also find that Chye Moi June has
not breached any duty she owed to her father or to the estate.

78 It appears to me that these are not the plaintiff’s true grievances. It
appears to me that the plaintiff’s true grievance is his disappointment with
the size of his father’s estate and the size of his inheritance under the
father’s will. The father may have been a fairly successful property developer
in his lifetime. But it appears from the evidence that his wealth was much
diminished by the time he died.

79 The plaintiff may also be aggrieved that the father failed to leave the
whole of his estate to be divided between the two brothers and instead made a
gift under cl 2 to his wife and to Chye Moi June. But that is what I have
found the father intended to do by cl 2 of his will, as was his right.

80 I therefore dismiss the plaintiff’s claim in its entirety. Costs will
follow the event. I have ordered the plaintiff to pay the costs of and
incidental to this action to the defendant, such costs fixed at $129,500. The
plaintiff will also have to pay to the defendant his reasonable disbursements,
such disbursements to be taxed if not agreed.

81 As requested by the defendant, 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

NEs, 29 September 2020, at p 72, lines 10–11.

I make no order on his counterclaim which he no longer pursues.

Vinodh Coomaraswamy

Judge of the High Court

Lim Seng Siew and Lip Wei De Eric (OTP Law Corporation) and Lai Swee Fung
(UniLegal LLC) for the plaintiff and defendant-in-counterclaim;

Michael Khoo, SC and Josephine Low (Michael Khoo & Partners) and Andy Chiok
(JHT Law Corporation) for the defendant and plaintiff-in-counterclaim.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 21 Apr 2021 (11:24 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

