Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC 184

Suit No 853 of 2018

Between

| Lau Keuk Ling William Ignatius  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| Chan Chun Sheng Gary  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

judgment

[Damages] — [Measure of damages] — [Personal injuries cases]

[Damages] — [Assessment]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Lau Keuk Ling William Ignatius

  
v

  

Chan Chun Sheng Gary

[2021] SGHC 184

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 853 of 2018  
Lai Siu Chiu SJ  
1–5 February, 31 March 2021

29 July 2021 Judgment reserved.

Lai Siu Chiu SJ:

Introduction

1 Suit No 853 of 2018 (“this Suit”) arose from most unfortunate circumstances.
William Lau (“the plaintiff”) now aged 66 met with a road accident (“the
Accident”) on 14 February 2017 with consequences that were life changing.

2 On that day, the plaintiff was driving his motor vehicle numbered SCZ 168C
(“the plaintiff’s car”) along Buangkok Green in the direction towards Sengkang
East Drive. He had stopped at the junction of Buangkok Link when the traffic
light was red. Gary Chan (“the defendant”) who was driving motor vehicle
numbered SJB 585A (“the defendant’s car”), collided into the rear of the
plaintiff’s car at high speed, causing the plaintiff’s car in turn to hit the
back of a lorry in front of the plaintiff’s car. The plaintiff sustained,
inter alia, injuries to his neck and head.

3 The plaintiff sued the defendant in this suit and interlocutory judgment
based on 100% liability against the defendant was granted in his favour on 11
July 2019 (“the interlocutory judgment”) with damages to be assessed and with
interest and costs reserved to the Registrar. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Intervener’s Closing Submissions at [1].

4 The defendant’s car was insured with NTUC Income Cooperative Limited (“NTUC
Income”). Due to the defendant’s uncooperative conduct, NTUC Income repudiated
liability under the defendant’s insurance policy on 14 February 2019. However,
by virtue of the agreement of the Motor Insurance Bureau of Singapore (“MIB”)
and pursuant to ss 7 and 9 of the Motor Vehicles (Third-Party Risks and
Compensation) Act (Cap 189, 2000 Rev Ed) (“the MVTPR Act”), NTUC Income may be
called upon to satisfy any judgment for damages obtained by the plaintiff
against the defendant. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Intervener’s Closing Submissions at [2].

5 Consequently, NTUC Income obtained leave from court and joined this suit as
interveners on 27 March 2019. The assessment for damages was heard over 3½
days by this court.

The plaintiff’s injuries

6 On the day of the accident, the plaintiff was admitted into Tan Tock Seng
Hospital (“TTSH”) and was diagnosed to be suffering from a “right frontal
subarachnoid haemorrhage” according to the neurologist who attended to him. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents (“3AB”) 1, Medical Report of Dr Daniel Oh
(undated).

In plain English, the plaintiff suffered from a mild traumatic brain injury
and also experienced chest pains. Contrary to the plaintiff’s closing
submissions, he did not “suffer very severe injuries” from the accident . 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions (“PCS”) at [3].

This is seen in the fact that the plaintiff was discharged from TTSH, after
only an overnight stay.

7 However, thereafter the plaintiff appeared to continue to experience
headaches, chest discomfort and nasal discharge. Hence, on 17 February 2017,
the plaintiff readmitted himself into TTSH for observation and treatment. He
was discharged six days later on 22 February 2017. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

3AB1, Medical Report of Dr Daniel Oh (undated).

8 According to the many medical specialists the plaintiff has consulted over
the years after the accident and is still seeing, he suffered and/or continues
to suffer, from the following symptoms:

(a) Post-concussion syndrome resulting in mild cognitive impairment; 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

PCS at [52] – [58] and [65] – [76].

(b) Neck/cervical injury (whiplash); 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

PCS at [37] – [40].

(c) Left shoulder injury; 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

PCS at [29] – [32].

(d) Psychiatric conditions:

(i) major depressive disorder (“MDD”); 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

PCS at [119].

(ii) possibly treatment resistance depression; 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

PCS at [166].

and,

(iii) compensatory pain from persistent headaches. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

PCS at [175] – [179].

It was the plaintiff’s case, repeated frequently in court, that the
doctors/specialists he has seen over the years do not know the cause of his
pain and there is no cure. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Notes of Evidence (“NE”), 1 February 2021, at p 36, lines 23 – 29.

In the plaintiff’s own words, he remains a “medical conundrum”. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

PCS at [14].

9 At the time of the accident, the plaintiff was 62 years of age and working
as a Grab driver (temporarily according to him). 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

PCS at [347].

He is currently unemployed. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

PCS at [348].

Prior to being a Grab driver, the plaintiff in his affidavit of evidence-in-
chief (“AEIC”), deposed he was a seasoned regional sales and marketing
director with significant Asia-Pacific experience and global collaborators in
various companies/multinational corporations. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief (“AEIC”) of Lau Keuk Ling William Ignatius at
[42].

10 The plaintiff started his career in 1985 working as a strategic account
manager with Motorola Semiconductor (Singapore) Pte Ltd (“Motorola”). 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

AEIC of Lau Keuk Ling William Ignatius at [29].

He rose through the ranks in Motorola and held the position of regional sales
manager in 2004 when Motorola was bought out by private equity investors who
changed its name to Freescale Semiconductor Pte Ltd (“Freescale”). 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

AEIC of Lau Keuk Ling William Ignatius at [33].

11 In end-2014, the plaintiff left Freescale’s services (with a severance
package) when it was about to be taken over by NXP Semiconductor Pte Ltd.
Within six months, he found a position as the regional sales manager for Asia
and Japan with Basler Asia Pte Ltd (“Basler”), a company which provides
premium quality industrial cameras, with its parent company being a public
listed company in Germany. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

AEIC of Lau Keuk Ling William Ignatius at [40].

Within six months of his employment with Basler, the plaintiff was promoted to
regional sales director earning a basic monthly salary of $11,800, excluding a
transport allowance of $700. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

AEIC of Lau Keuk Ling William Ignatius at [41].

12 After about two years’ employment with Basler, the plaintiff tendered his
resignation on 21 September 2016, 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

3AB466.

he deposed in his AEIC that he was unable to fit in with Basler’s management
style. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

AEIC of Lau Keuk Ling William Ignatius at [43].

He left Basler at end-October 2016. He then applied for various positions
which included the following: 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

AEIC of Lau Keuk Ling William Ignatius at [44].

(a) Business development director at APAC/Enterprise Market (on 31 December
2017);

(b) Territory sales manager at Global Digital Software Vendor (17 January
2018), for which the salary offered was $300,000 per annum;

(c) Director of Partnerships & Business Development Asia at Jivox Corporation
(17 January 2018);

(d) Sales manager at Pangea Resourcing (7 March 2017); and,

(e) APAC regional sales director at Comcast Technology Solutions formerly
known as Platform (15 May 2017).

Nothing was said about the outcome of his applications.

13 On or about 22 January 2017, the plaintiff was informed by a head-hunter of
a position as a senior client engagement manager with Microchip Technology, an
American manufacturer. However due to the accident, the plaintiff was unable
to contact the head-hunter until 19 February 2017, by which time he was told
that the position was no longer available. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

AEIC of Lau Keuk Ling William Ignatius at [45] – [46].

14 Thereafter, the plaintiff’s attempts to find equivalent high positions that
he used to occupy met with no success. He deposed that given his current
cognitive state, he is slow to comprehend and respond, is often lethargic and
unable to maintain energy and cannot see himself conducting business meetings
and conference calls. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

AEIC of Lau Keuk Ling William Ignatius at [58].

15 The plaintiff was undoubtedly very successful in his career prior to the
accident. Unfortunately, he can no longer hold the top managerial positions
that he used to occupy. Hence his very substantial claim for loss of future
earnings/loss of earning capacity. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

See infra, at paragraph [100].

16 Between 17 February 2017 and 6 April 2021 which was a span of 51 months,
the plaintiff was on medical leave for a total of 1,461 days, and was issued
33 medical certificates by TTSH. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

PCS at [21].

He has consulted to-date the following specialists who were his witnesses at
the assessment hearing:

(a) Dr Ho King Hee (“Dr Ho”), a consultant neurologist and physician in
private practice;

(b) Dr Donald Yeo (“Dr Yeo”), a clinical neuropsychologist in private
practice;

(c) Dr Chan Lai Gwen (“Dr Chan”) from TTSH, a consultant in psychological
medicine.

The plaintiff has spent $24,132.64 thus far on his medical expenses (which
NTUC Income does not dispute). 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

PCS at [22].

17 Over and above the aforesaid specialists, the plaintiff was sent to other
departments in TTSH or was seen by other doctors and/or specialists there,
some of whose medical reports were exhibited in his AEIC. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

AEIC of Lau Keuk Ling William Ignatius, Exhibit LKL-2.

These included:

(a) an ear, nose and throat (“ENT”) specialist;

(b) an eye specialist;

(c) a pain management specialist;

(d) the rehabilitation clinic;

(e) the orthopaedic department; and,

(f) the department of psychological medicine.

18 As a result of the brain injuries he suffered and being on medication
constantly, the plaintiff deposed that the accident has adversely affected his
interpersonal skills and activities of daily living. He suffers from nausea,
blurred vision, poor memory and sleeps for prolonged periods. His sleep is
disturbed by headaches, neck and should pain as well as involuntary twitching
of his limbs in the middle of the night. He is forgetful and is easily
irritated sometimes speaking very loudly and angrily uncontrollably. His
behaviour has affected his relationship with his family and other people
around him. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

AEIC of Lau Keuk Ling William Ignatius at [19] – [24].

19 The plaintiff added that on outings with his family, he tired easily and
needed to take frequent rest breaks, thus lagging behind his family due to his
slow walk. He no longer had or enjoyed social gatherings as he used to before
the accident as he did not want his friends to see him in his present state of
pain and his haggard appearance, having lost 10-15 kg in weight. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

AEIC of Lau Keuk Ling William Ignatius at [22] – [23].

20 The plaintiff deposed he no longer enjoyed one of his favourite pastimes of
reading up on technological developments as he could not absorb the technical
information due to the deterioration in his cognitive functions. He no longer
enjoys listening to hi-fi music as he experiences ringing noises in his head.
Neither does he watch television or watch movies as he gets tired easily or
cannot comprehend the entire plot of the film(s). 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

AEIC of Lau Keuk Ling William Ignatius at [24].

21 I should add that NTUC Income engaged private investigators to conduct
surveillance on the plaintiff. This was carried out by Nemesis Investigations
Private Limited (“Nemesis”) on 29 and 31 July 2019, as well as on 13 and 20
August 2019. Nemesis rendered a report dated 21 August 2019 (“Nemesis’
report”) 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Supplementary Bundle of Agreed Documents (“2AB”) 1 – 18.

to NTUC Income on the surveillance it had conducted. Nemesis’ report was an
agreed document to dispense with formal proof by Nemesis. The plaintiff was
cross-examined on Nemesis’s report and what the surveillance conducted
revealed of his activities. The court will return to Nemesis’ report later in
the course of this judgment. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

See infra, at paragraph [108].

The evidence

(i) The plaintiff’s case

22 Besides himself, Drs Ho, Yeo and Chan, the plaintiff also called Dr Daniel
Oh Chia Theng (“Dr Oh”) to testify. On its part, NTUC Income called only one
witness namely Dr Lim Yun Chun (“Dr Lim”) a psychiatrist. NTUC Income had
requested the plaintiff to be reviewed by Dr Lim as well as Dr Alvin Hong (“Dr
Hong”). Dr Hong did not testify but his medical report dated 31 July 2019 was
produced in court by NTUC Income. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Intervener’s Bundle of Documents (“5AB”) 1 – 8.

23 The plaintiff had procured AEICs from Dr Jikku Haniball, Dr Goh Jia Jun
(“Dr Goh”), Lui Wen Li (“Dr Lui”) and Dr Loo Swee San (“Dr Loo”). Except for
Dr Goh who is from the National Neuroscience Institute (“NNI”), the other
three doctors are all from TTSH. However, all four doctors did not take the
witness stand as NTUC Income’s solicitors agreed to dispense with them as
witnesses and accept their medical reports without the need for formal proof.

24 When the plaintiff came to court for the trial, he had stopped driving for
Grab under “Ignatius Transport”, which was the name of his private hire
business. His three years’ vocational licence expired on 18 November 2020 and
was not renewed. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

NE, 1 February 2021, p 12, ln 16 – 29.

As a Grab driver, the plaintiff said he earned about $2,100 to $2,500 per
month. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

AEIC of Lau Keuk Ling William Ignatius at [4] and [70].

However, he did not produce his income tax returns to support his figures.

25 During his cross-examination, the plaintiff confirmed that the residual
injury he suffered from the accident was head pain due to dysesthesia and
post-concussion syndrome. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

NE, 1 February 2021, p 41, ln 18 – 22.

In an undated letter received by his lawyers on 7 February 2019 (“Dr Oh’s
Report”) from Dr Oh then with NNI, the plaintiff was diagnosed with post-
concussion syndrome which caused him to suffer (possibly) post-traumatic
stress disorder and myofascial pain (muscle or soft tissue pain) in the neck.
39

##### Foot Note 39

×

3AB1 – 2.

26 During cross-examination, the plaintiff agreed that since 22 June 2017
(when he was referred to Dr Loo of the pain management clinic of TTSH by Dr
Goh) to the trial dates, he had consistently taken more than 10 types of
painkilling medication to address his pain. He disclosed that he continues to
suffer pain despite the painkillers he has been taking. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

NE, 1 February 2021, p 42, ln 2 – 18.

27 The plaintiff’s TTSH medical bills were incorporated into the agreed bundle
marked 3AB1 – 650. It was noted therefrom that he was prescribed, inter alia:
(i) tramadol; (ii) etoricoxib (or Arcoxia); (iii) codeine; (iv) diclofenac;
and, (v) pregabalin (or Lyrica).

28 The plaintiff testified that Arcoxia made him nauseous and dizzy, 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

NE, 1 February 2021, p 48, ln 16-23.

codeine could be addictive if he took it long term because it is morphine-
based, 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

An opiate, NE, 1 February 2021, p 49, ln 25 – 28.

while diclofenac caused drowsiness although it addressed his pain and made him
calmer. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

NE, 1 February 2021, p 51, ln 1 – 12.

It was suggested to the plaintiff by NTUC Income’s counsel (“Mr Yeo”) that a
side-effect of pregabalin from prolonged usage is depression. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

NE, 1 February 2021, p 54, ln 2 – 9.

It was noted that the plaintiff’s prescription of pregabalin was changed from
25mg to 75mg capsules, a threefold increase. The plaintiff denied he suffers
from depression. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

NE, 1 February 2021, p 63, ln 1.

His testimony did not accord with the evidence of Dr Chan. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

See infra, at paragraph [67].

29 Dr Yeo, a clinical neuropsychologist had issued two reports on the
plaintiff, the first dated 29 July 2018 (“Dr Yeo’s first medical report”) 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

3AB10 – 12.

and the other dated 10 November 2019 (“Dr Yeo’s second medical report”). 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

3AB21 – 23.

30 In Dr Yeo’s first medical report, he assessed the plaintiff to be suffering
from mild cognitive impairment consistent with post-concussion syndrome and
the plaintiff “is likely to continue struggling with mental tasks requiring
cognitive processing under time pressure…[a] post-injury cognitive disability
that may persist and likely compromise his ability to resume his pre-accident
level of occupational competence.” 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

3AB12.

31 In Dr Yeo’s second report, he noted that there had been no significant
improvement or changes to the plaintiff’s condition since his first report
dated about 17 months earlier. By then, almost 3 years had passed since the
accident. Dr Yeo opined that the plaintiff’s cognitive recovery had
stabilised, and he was likely to continue struggling with complex mental tasks
requiring cognitive processing under time pressure in the future. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

3AB22.

32 As for Dr Loo’s AEIC, she referred to her medical report dated 1 February
2018 which stated that treatment of the plaintiff’s post-concussion headaches
with a significant neuropathic (shooting or burning pain) contribution was an
on-going process. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Bundle of Agreed Documents (“1AB”) 2 – 3.

She opined that addressing the other injuries the plaintiff suffered required
a multidisciplinary approach using psychotherapy and neuropathic medication.

33 In Dr Lui’s report dated 2 February 2018, she stated that notwithstanding
the pain he suffers from, the plaintiff is independent in his activities of
daily living and his symptoms of post-concussion syndrome had improved.
However, because he was still troubled by his symptoms, the plaintiff had not
returned to work after his medical certificate expired on 8 March 2017. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

1AB4 – 5.

34 Dr Lui’s diagnosis of the plaintiff’s activities seemed to be borne out by
Nemesis’ report. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

See supra, at paragraph [21].

The videos shown in court of the surveillance Nemesis conducted showed that
the plaintiff went about his daily activities without trouble, such as
visiting Dr Lim for a medical review at Raffles Specialist Centre on 29 July
2019. After leaving Dr Lim’s clinic, the plaintiff drove his car to Changi
Airport twice, once to pick up passengers on their arrival and on the second
trip to send his passengers to the departure terminal.

35 Similar activities were seen in the video clip of 31 July 2019 when the
plaintiff visited Dr Hong at Neurosurgery Clinic, Mount Elizabeth Medical
Centre, as well as picked up fares from Changi Airport.

36 Nemesis’ report concluded with the following observations on the plaintiff:
54

##### Foot Note 54

×

2AB18

(a) He was able to drive for up to 38 minutes at a time;

(b) He could assist his passengers in unloading luggage and other items;

(c) He could descend staircases and bend forward;

(d) He could get in and out of vehicles.

37 The plaintiff was cross-examined 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

NE, 1 February 2021, pp 56 – 76.

on 3 of Dr Chan’s 7 medical reports namely, those dated 13 February 2018 (Dr
Chan’s first report”), 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

3AB8 – 9

26 June 2019 (“Dr Chan’s second report”), 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

3AB15.

and 1 November 2019 (Dr Chan’s third report”). 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

3AB20.

38 In Dr Chan’s first report, she assessed him as being rather slow in speech.
Based on what the plaintiff told Dr Chan, she reported that he feels unwell
due to multiple physical, psychological and cognitive symptoms that resulted
in him seeing multiple healthcare professionals and having to quit his well-
paying job of sales director of the Asia Pacific region. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

3AB8.

39 In Dr Chan’s second report, she indicated she would use pharmacotherapy to
treat the plaintiff’s depression and estimated the cost of his medical
consultation and medication at $300 per month. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

3AB15.

40 In Dr Chan’s third report, she stated that the plaintiff had responded
quite well to the most recent pharmacotherapy regime she administered which
consisted of methylphenidate extended release (or Concerta) 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

A stimulant.

and trazadone. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

An antidepressant.

In the event pharmacotherapy is no longer effective or contraindicated because
of new health issues on the plaintiff’s part, Dr Chan would then recommend
non-pharmacological treatment particularly repetitive Transcranial Magnetic
Stimulation (“rTMS”) which would be carried out at the Institute of Mental
Health (“IMH”). 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

3AB20.

41 Nothing much turns on the medical reports and/or evidence of Drs Oh, Goh,
Loo and Lui. The more relevant reports/evidence is that of Dr Chan.

(ii) NTUC Income’s case

42 As stated earlier, 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

See supra, at paragraph [22].

Dr Lim was NTUC Income’s only witness. In his AEIC, he stated that he had
examined the plaintiff on 29 July 2019. Dr Lim’s report dated 19 October 2019
(Dr Lim’s first report), 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

5AB9 – 13.

gave an overview of the plaintiff’s consultations with and diagnosis from his
many doctors including Dr Chan. Dr Lim did not come to a definite finding on
the plaintiff’s symptoms. Instead, in his conclusion he merely said the
suggestion of the plaintiff suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder was
not pursued nor was treatment prescribed for it, by the plaintiff’s doctors.
66

##### Foot Note 66

×

5AB12 – 13.

43 In response to the reports of: (i) Dr Ho dated 26 September 2019; (ii) Dr
Chan dated 26 June 2019, 1 November 2019 and 9 January 2020; as well as (iii)
Dr Yeo dated 10 November 2019, Dr Lim wrote a memorandum dated 22 April 2020
(“Dr Lim’s memo”). 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

5AB14 – 16.

In Dr Lim’s memo, he agreed with Dr Chan’s clinical decision in her report of
26 June 2019 to use pharmacotherapy to treat the plaintiff for depression. Dr
Lim however disagreed with Dr Chan’s usage of Concerta and trazadone to treat
the plaintiff as stated in Dr Chan’s third report. He further disagreed with
her estimates of future medical expenses for the plaintiff of $400 per month
each for medication and consultation and $4,000 for hospitalization. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

5AB15 – 16.

44 Dr Lim’s memo pointed out that Dr Yeo’s evaluation was based on the battery
of psychological tests Dr Yeo had administered, and Dr Yeo’s conclusion based
on the results therefrom. However, Dr Lim noted that Dr Yeo did not conduct a
full psychiatric examination of the plaintiff. This is correct as in Dr Yeo’s
two reports referred to earlier at [30] – [31], he only conducted cognitive
tests when he saw the plaintiff on 27 June 2018 and on 2 November 2019
respectively.

45 In his second report dated 20 October 2020 (“Dr Lim’s second report”), 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

5AB18 – 23.

Dr Lim gave his opinion on future medical treatment required by the plaintiff.
Dr Lim disagreed with Dr Chan’s recommendation to treat the plaintiff for
depression for 19.5 years. Relying on medical literature and/or
recommendations, he opined that patients being treated for depression should
be reviewed after 2 years of treatment. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

5AB18.

The claims

46 The plaintiff has made the following claims totalling $2,363,202.40 for
general damages: 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

PCS at [403].

1| Pain & suffering | $147,000.00  
---|---|---  
2| Traumatic brain injury | $70,000.00  
3| Psychiatric conditions | $65,000.00  
4| Left shoulder injury | *$5,000.00  
5| Neck/cervical C4-5 and C5-6 disk protrusions (whiplash)| *$7,000.00  
6| Future medical expenses| $161,702.40  
7| Future transport expenses| $2,500.00  
8| Loss of earning capacity/future earnings | $2,052,000.00  
  
*Items agreed by NTUC Income 

47 The plaintiff made the following claims for special damages totalling
$950,091.64: 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

PCS at [403].

1|  Medical expenses (and continuing)| *$24,132.64  
---|---|---  
2| Transport expenses| *$1,000.00  
3| Pre-trial loss of earnings | $861,800.00   
4| Total loss of car| $37,959.00  
5| Loss of use of car| $25,200.00  
| Total| $950,091.64  
  
*Item agreed by NTUC Income

48 The plaintiff’s total claim for general and special damages (respectively
$2,363,202.40 and $950,091.64) is $3,313,294.04.

49 The plaintiff’s high figures for both categories of claims are to be
contrasted with the figures submitted by NTUC Income. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Intervener’s Closing Submissions (“ICS”) at [96].

For general damages, NTUC Income’s figure is $72,000.00 based on the following
breakdown:

1| Mild traumatic brain injury | $25,000.00  
---|---|---  
2| Post-concussion syndrome | Nil  
3| Neck/cervical injury | $7,000.00  
4| Left shoulder injury| $5,000.00  
5| Psychiatric conditions| $15,000.00  
6| Loss of future earnings| Nil  
7| Loss of earning capacity| $20,000.00  
| Total| $72,000.00  
  
50 For special damages, NTUC Income submitted a figure of either $47,120.64 or
$60,140.64 based on the following breakdown:

1| Future medical expenses | $21,988 ($10,994.70 per year x 2 years)  
---|---|---  
2| Pre-trial loss of earnings (since 14.2.17) | Nil, alternatively $13,020.00  
3| Total loss of car | Not claimable   
4| Total loss of use of car | Not claimable   
5| Transport expenses | $1,000.00  
6| Medical expenses to-date and continuing | $24,132.64  
| Total: | $47,120.64 or$60,140.64  
  
The plaintiff’s figures for both general and special damages were poles apart
from NTUC Income’s figures.

The findings

(i) The medical claims

51 Physical pain would affect any person’s quality of life what more constant
physical pain. The court empathises with the plaintiff. It is most unfortunate
that as a result of a “run-of-the-mill” motor accident in which his vehicle
was hit with considerable force that resulted in the plaintiff sustaining a
concussion, the plaintiff ends up suffering chronic pain and has become a
“medical conundrum” whose many doctors and/or specialists are unable to cure
him, or they do not know what the cure is. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

NE, 1 February 2021, p 39, ln 17 – 27.

52 Based on the Dr Oh’s Report, 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

3AB1 – 3.

Dr Ho’s report dated 12 October 2017, 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

3AB4 – 7.

as well as Dr Hong’s report dated 31 July 2019, 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

5AB6.

there is no doubt that the plaintiff had suffered a whiplash injury. Parties
have agreed to the sum of $7,000 for the plaintiff’s whiplash injury.

53 The other injury the plaintiff sustained was the traumatic subarachnoid
haemorrhage (namely bleeding in the space between the brain and the
surrounding membrane) which showed up in a computed tomography (“CT”) scan
done on the day of the accident and referred to in Dr Oh’s report. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

See supra, at paragraph [45]; 3AB1 – 3.

Dr Goh’s report dated 24 March 2017, 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

1AB1.

had also confirmed the findings in the CT scan.

54 According to Dr Chan, the post-concussion syndrome is what causes the
plaintiff to suffer persistent pain, headache, cognitive impairment and
depression. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

NE, 3 February 2021, p 57, ln 5 – 20.

55 As stated earlier, 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

See supra, at paragraph [22].

the plaintiff called four medical specialists as his witnesses while NTUC
Income had one. None of them suggested that the plaintiff’s chronic pain was
not genuine or that he was exaggerating his symptoms. It is therefore the
court’s conclusion that the pain suffered by the plaintiff is real and
continuing.

56 Pain however is highly subjective and individuals have different thresholds
of pain. Some people feel more pain than others suffering from the same
disease or ailment. What is considered intolerable pain to one person, may
well be tolerable to another. It all depends on the individual. The court is
therefore in no position to know the extent of the plaintiff’s pain and
whether it is as bad as he has testified. The court can only look to the
objective medical evidence to determine if the plaintiff does suffer pain, and
will continue to suffer pain in the long term or indefinitely, and what
quantum of damages he should be awarded by way of compensation for his
suffering.

57 In regard to the medical evidence, Dr Chan appears to be the specialist
that the plaintiff has seen most often. Indeed, she described herself as his
primary treatment provider. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

NE, 3 February 2021, at pp 10, 46 and 63.

Further, in his closing submissions, the plaintiff referred extensively to Dr
Chan’s reports. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

PCS at [86] – [102].

58 The plaintiff’s claims physical injuries suffered as a result of the
accident are not disputed by NTUC. These are his claims for: (i) left shoulder
of $5,000; and, for (ii) his whiplash injury of $7,000. Neither is the sum he
has spent of $24,132.64 on medical expenses to-date disputed.

59 NTUC Income also does not dispute that the plaintiff sustained a mild
traumatic brain injury in the accident and suffers from post-concussion
syndrome. The parties’ dispute is on the severity of his residual disabilities
resulting therefrom.

60 The court had earlier at [46] and [47], set out the plaintiff’s and NTUC
Income’s disparate figures for the claims in this regard. The plaintiff made
separate claims for: (i) pain and suffering; and, (ii) traumatic brain injury
totalling $217,000, 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

See supra, at paragraph [45], Items 1 and 2.

whereas NTUC Income offered $25,000 for the traumatic brain injury and nothing
for post-concussion syndrome. NTUC Income argued in its closing submissions
that since the brain injury was the genesis of the plaintiff’s post-concussion
syndrome, the two items cannot be assessed in isolation as the latter is a
residual symptom of the former. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

ICS at [20].

61 In its submissions, 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

ICS at [22].

NTUC Income also referred to Charlene Chee et al, Guidelines for the
Assessment of General Damages in Personal Injury Cases (Academy Publishing,
2010) (“the Guidelines”), 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

At pp 5 – 6.

for the quantum of awards in cases of head injuries with moderate brain
damage. The table of awards helpfully reproduced in NTUC’s submissions is as
follows:

(a) Moderate brain damage This category is distinguished from moderately
severe brain damage by the fact that the degree of dependence on care-givers
is significantly lower and the person is able to perform simple tasks of daily
life. The GCS 88

##### Foot Note 88

× Glasgow Coma Scale  scale may be between 9-12.|  
---|---  
(i) Moderate to severe cognitive impairment with accompanying personality
change resulting in behavioural problems, a reduced awareness of danger
present in the physical environment, reduced sight, speech and sensory
abilities with a significant risk of epilepsy and no prospect of employment.|
$80,000 - $120,000  
(ii) Moderate to modest cognitive impairment – the person’s chances of
competing in the job market with other able-bodied persons is significantly
reduced and there is some risk of epilepsy.| $50,000 - $80,000  
(iii) Person is able to perform the activities of daily life competently with minimal or no dependence on others but concentration and memory are affected, such that the ability to work is reduced and there is small risk of epilepsy. | $25,000 - $50,000  
(b) Minor brain damage The injured person has made good recovery and will be able to take part in normal social life and to return to work. There may not have been a restoration of all normal functions so there may still be persistent problems such as poor concentration and memory and disinhibition of mood, which may interfere with lifestyle, leisure activities and future work prospects to a certain extent. The award should be higher if there is a small added risk of epilepsy.Cases in this category should also include post-concussion syndrome.The quantum of the award will be affected by the following factors:(a) The extent and severity of the initial injury;(b) Whether there is any personality change with associate behavioural problems; and(c) Depression  | $8,000 \- $25,000  
  
62 In submitting an award of $25,000 is appropriate, NTUC Income took the
lowest figure in the above guideline at item (a)(iii) or the highest amount
under item (b). The court does not accept NTUC Income’s figure.

63 Looking at the evidence, the court finds NTUC Income’s offer too low. The
court believes that the $70,000 proposed by the plaintiff would be
appropriate, having taken into account that there has been some impairment to
the plaintiff’s cognitive functions resulting from the accident.

64 The plaintiff’s claim for pain and suffering totalled $147,000 and
comprised of: (i) traumatic brain injury ($70,000); (ii) psychiatric
conditions ($65,000); (iii) left shoulder injury ($5,000); and, (iv) neck
injury ($7,000). The court has awarded $70,000 for (i) in [63] whilst (iii)
and (iv) are agreed by the parties. Item (ii) is dealt with below. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

See infra, at paragraphs [73] – [81].

65 In regard to the post-concussion syndrome, the plaintiff’s submissions 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

PCS at [84].

argued that he suffers from: (i) major depressive disorder; (ii) treatment
resistant depression (“TRD”); and, (iii) compensatory pain from headaches.
NTUC Income on the other hand, contends that notwithstanding the plaintiff’s
litany of complaints such as headaches, fatigue and depression, he is fully
independent in his activities of daily living and he manages his pain through
medication. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

ICS at [24].

This is evident from the fact he is able to work as a Grab driver. NTUC Income
concedes item (i) but disputes item (ii). 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

ICS at [31].

NTUC Income also argued that there was no evidence tendered to support the
plaintiff’s change in his personality as set out earlier at [18] to [20].

66 Regarding item (ii), the court has to determine whether to accept Dr Chan’s
view that the plaintiff does suffer from TRD because the plaintiff failed to
respond positively to two separate courses of treatment, or Dr Lim’s opinion
that it is premature to say the plaintiff does as he is intolerant to the
antidepressants that were prescribed to him.

67 Based on the evidence adduced from the AEICs as well as the testimony of
the medical witnesses, the court finding that it is unlikely that the
plaintiff suffers from TRD as, apart from Dr Chan, this symptom was not
confirmed by any other doctor. Dr Chan had testified that she prescribed the
plaintiff clomipramine and trazodone, which are both antidepressants. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

NE, 3 February 2021, p 24, ln 4 – 24.

She did so as the plaintiff had other symptoms that met the diagnostic
criteria for depression notwithstanding he denied he suffered from depression.
94

##### Foot Note 94

×

See supra, at paragraph [28].

She also prescribed to him zopiclone a sleeping tablet, and bromazepam to
relieve him from anxiety and panic attacks. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

NE, 3 February 2021, p 26, ln 16 – 22.

Dr Chan had also opined that painkillers like codeine, tramadol and pregabalin
are for short term relief. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

NE, 3 February 2021, p 28, ln 11 – 31.

68 Dr Chan had based her assessment that the plaintiff suffers from TRD
because of his intolerance to two drugs, 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

NE, 3 February 2021, p 51, ln 20 – 32.

one of which was mirtazapine. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

Prescribed by IMH.

However it was noted 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

Dr Chan’s first report, 3AB9.

that it was the plaintiff who told Dr Chan (which she accepted without more)
that he stopped taking an antidepressant because it had side-effects. No
clinical trials/tests were conducted to determine if the plaintiff has TRD.

69 Dr Lim on the other hand opined that to be considered to have TRD, the
patient should be given adequate dosage of an antidepressant seen to be
therapeutic for an acceptable duration before it can be determined if the
patient has TRD. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

NE, 5 February 2021, p 13, ln 26 – 32; p 14, ln 1 – 5.

Dr Lim’s opinion seems to the court to be an eminently more reliable test than
Dr Chan’s two drugs tolerance test which was not supported by any medical
literature.

70 Consequently, the court finds that the plaintiff does not suffer from TRD
in all probability and no award is made for this claim.

71 I should point out at this juncture that Dr Chan gave an estimate post-
trial (at the court’s request) on 8 February 2021 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

1AB8.

to the plaintiff’s solicitors that the cost of the plaintiff’s medication for
trazodone, clomipramine, zopiclone and bromazepam would be $474.50 per year.
Treatment for rTMS for depression for a course of 24 sessions at IMH costs $95
per half hour session at unsubsidized rates, or $2,280 for a course. She
estimated the plaintiff would need two courses a year amounting to $4,560. Dr
Chan added that the plaintiff’s consultations with TTSH psychiatry unit would
costs $144 per year at $38 per visit every 3 months. The plaintiff would also
require psychiatric hospitalization twice a year at $4,086 (or $2,043 per
visit). Dr Chan added that the cost of Concerta was excluded from the
estimated medication cost.

72 Dr Chan followed up on her letter dated 8 February 2021 with a second
letter dated 25 February 2021 to the plaintiff’s solicitors 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

1AB10.

wherein she stated that Dr Loo 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

See supra, at paragraph [32].

had informed her that the plaintiff was likely to need medication for pain
management on a long term basis, namely Tramadol (at 50mg 4 times a day, for a
cost of $0.48 per day) and Pregabalin (75mg 4 times a day, for a cost of $1.60
per day). The total cost of these medications would be $759.20 per year.

73 Next, there is the claim categorised as “psychiatric conditions” by the
plaintiff as well as NTUC Income. This refers to the major depressive disorder
(“MDD”) supposedly suffered by the plaintiff, according to Dr Chan’s report
dated 23 June 2020. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

3AB26-29.

The plaintiff claimed $65,000 for this item while NTUC Income offered $15,000.
The court would point out at this juncture that Dr Chan’s diagnosis that the
plaintiff suffers from depression is based not so much on her clinical
assessment of him, but on what he told her, 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

NE, 3 February 2021, p 40, ln 1 – 15.

even though she had observed that he responded well to mirtazapine,
venlafaxine and clomipramine. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

NE, 3 February 2021, p 62, ln 18 – 22.

She did not administer the DSM-5 test, but used the Hospital Anxiety and
Depression Scale for her assessment as well as the plaintiff’s answers in the
Patient Health Questionnaire 9. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

NE, 3 February 2021, p 39 ln 15 – 32.

74 According to Dr Lim, 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

NE, 5 February 2021, p 10, ln 26 – 31.

the criteria for MDD is set out in the Diagnostic Statistical Manual of the
American Psychiatric Association known as DSM-5, and that the DSM-5 criteria
109

##### Foot Note 109

×

3AB31.

requires a patient to display five out of nine stipulated symptoms in order to
be said to be suffering from MDD. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

NE, 5 February 2021, p 10, ln 26 – 31.

In this regard, he noted the initial difficulties diagnosing the plaintiff,
and when the plaintiff was sent to IMH, even the doctors there could not make
the diagnosis of MDD, but only concluded that the plaintiff suffered from
post-concussion syndrome. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

NE, 5 February 2021, p 15, ln 9 – 14.

However, he conceded fairly during cross-examination, that the plaintiff
suffered/suffers from MDD, 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

NE, 5 February 2021, p 12, ln 16 – 22.

although he opined that the plaintiff's depression did not occur in isolation,
and that if the perpetuating cause of the depression was treated, the
plaintiff would not require lifelong medication. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

NE, 5 February 2021, p 22, ln 1 – 8.

75 Further, in re-examination 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

NE, 5 February 2021, p 23, ln 3 – 24.

Dr Lim was asked if the following caveat found in the DSM-5 criteria would
have had a bearing on the plaintiff’s diagnosis of MDD, bearing in mind that
he suffered from post-concussion syndrome and was taking a cocktail of
painkillers (such as codeine, tramadol and pregabalin) which carried the risk
of side-effects, and of which two (ie, codeine and tramadol) were opiate-
based. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

NE, 5 February 2021, p 24, ln 6 – 32; p 25, ln 1 – 4.

The caveat found in the DSM-5 criteria is as follows: 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

3AB31.

The symptoms are not attributable to the physiological effects of a substance
(e.g. a drug of abuse, medication) or another medical condition.

76 Dr Lim testified he would be concerned that the cocktail of drugs would
have a bearing on the plaintiff’s depression. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

NE, 5 February 2021, p 24, ln 15 – 18.

In addition, he opined that people who take opiate drugs for a long period
would have problems as they would suffer from fatigue, lack of concentration,
etc, 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

NE, 5 February 2021, p 24, ln 20 – 32; p 25, ln 1 – 4.

and could (in addition to the pain he suffered) perpetuate his depression. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

NE, 5 February 2021, p 25, ln 13 – 20.

77 Dr Lim had grouped the causes of depression 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

NE, 5 February 2021, p 21, ln 18 – 32; p 25, ln 1 – 8.

into 3 categories: (i) predisposition; (ii) precipitation; and, (iii)
perpetuation. He elaborated as follows:

(a) Predisposition: this referred to the plaintiff’s state before the accident
(ie, was he depressed?). That was not known in the present case;

(b) Precipitation: this referred to what precipitated the plaintiff’s
depression. In the present case, it was the Accident;

(c) Perpetuation: this referred to the factors that perpetuate the plaintiff’s
depression. In the present case, it could be the plaintiff’s ongoing struggle
with pain. If his pain subsided or he obtained a job, it was possible that the
plaintiff could recover from his depression or be less depressed.

78 In answer to the court’s question 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

NE, 5 February 2021, p 25, ln 24 – 32; p 26, ln 1 – 22.

as to what he would do if he was the plaintiff’s treating doctor, Dr Lim
opined that he would detoxify the plaintiff from all his opiates, give him the
confidence that there are antidepressants on the market that can relieve him
of pain/depression, and if the medicine was doing more harm, advise the
plaintiff to look to alternatives for pain management such as therapy from
psychologists or traditional Chinese medicine (“TCM”). Dr Lim’s answer is
telling as Dr Chan herself had expressed the view in her report dated 13
February 2018, 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

3AB9.

that the plaintiff “was seeing too many healthcare professionals and a more
targeted approach towards his symptoms was appropriate.”

79 Based on the totality of the evidence presented in court, the court finds
that the plaintiff did suffer from MDD but not to the severity claimed by the
plaintiff, nor does he suffer from TRD for that matter as elaborated above at
paragraph [70].

80 NTUC Income’s submissions 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

ICS at [43].

referred to the Guidelines again for the quantum to be awarded for general
psychiatric disorders for claims for depressions, avoidant phobias, anxiety
attacks etc. The Guidelines are as follows:

The factors to be taken into account in valuing claims of this nature are as
follow:(i) The person’s ability to cope with life and work in general as
compared to his or her pre-trauma state;(ii) The effect on the person’s
relationships with family, friends and those with whom he or she comes into
contact with;(iii) whether the person is suicidal as a result of his or her
psychiatric condition;(iv) whether medical help has been sought;(v) the extent
to which treatment would be successful;(vi) the extent to which medication
affects the person’s work and social life;(vii) whether the person adheres
faithfully to counselling sessions and takes his or her medications;(viii) the
risk of relapse in the future; and(ix) the chances of full recovery in the
future.|  
---|---  
(a) Severe The person suffers from marked problems with respect to factors (i) to (vi). Despite treatment, the prognosis remains very poor as the person is unlikely to be able to return to employment permanently or even take charge of his daily affairs. | $25,000 –$55,000.   
(b) Moderately severeThere are significant problems associated with factors (i) to (vi) above but the prognosis will be much more optimistic than in (a) above. However, the person may still have long-term problems coping with stressors of work life and the demands of social life thus preventing a return to pre-trauma employment. He is however, able to perform the activities of daily life independently. | $8,000 – $25,000.  
  
NTUC Income submitted that the plaintiff’s symptoms came under category (b)
and a sum of $15,000 was appropriate as compensation for his depression. The
plaintiff’s figure on the other hand was $65,000.

81 The court agrees with NTUC Income that the plaintiff’s depression is only
moderately severe. However, it does not accept NTUC Income’s figure of $15,000
nor the plaintiff’s figure of $65,000 for this claim. The court thinks a more
appropriate figure would be $45,000 and awards this sum to the plaintiff.

82 The court next addresses the issue of the plaintiff’s future medical
expenses. Earlier, the court had set out the plaintiff’s claim of $161,702.40,
124

##### Foot Note 124

×

See supra, at paragraph [46].

which was computed on the basis of lifelong medication against NTUC Income’s
offer of $21,988 for two years’ medication. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

See supra, at paragraph [50].

83 In the plaintiff’s closing submissions, 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

PCS at [257] – [262].

he relied on Dr Chan’s letters to the court post-trial dated 8 and 25 February
2021 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

See supra, at paragraph [72] – [73].

respectively for the medication costs as well as the treatment he needs and
would need, based on a multiplier of 12 years. The plaintiff’s multiplier of
12 years was based on a male’s life expectancy of 84.3 years 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

According to the Ministry of Health’s data in 2018 on Population and Vital
Statistics, see 3BA645 – 650.

according to the Ministry of Health’s data on Population and Vital Statistics
2018.

84 The breakdown for the plaintiff’s claim is as follows:

| Treatment | Cost per year| Costs for lifetime(Multiplier of 12)   
---|---|---|---  
1| Pharmacotherapy(trazodone, clomipramine,zopiclone and bromazepam)| $474.50|
$474.50 x 12 = $5,694  
2| Pharmacotherapy (Concerta)| $1,171.50| $1,171.50 x 12 = $14,058  
3| Pharmacotherapy(tramadol and pregabalin)| $759.20| $759.20 x 12 = $9,110.40  
4| rTMS| $2,280 x 3Courses = $6,840| $6,840 x 12 = $82,080  
5| Consultations with TTSHPsychiatry | $144| $144 x 12 = $1,728   
6| Psychiatric hospitalisation| $4,086| $4,086 x 12 = $49,032.40  
| Total| $13,475.20| $161,702.40  
  
85 The court is unable to accept the plaintiff’s above computations as it is
of the view that the plaintiff does not need nor should he be awarded,
lifelong treatment.

86 In regard to item 4 above, there is no evidence that the plaintiff
underwent the procedure for rTMS at all. This is clear from the plaintiff’s
own evidence. 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

NE, 1 February 2021, p 70, ln 19 – 31.

Further, the plaintiff’s reliance on Dr Chan’s letter of 8 February 2021 to
make this claim is misconceived as she did not state with any certainty that
the plaintiff requires rTMS. Dr Chan’s letter dated 9 January 2020 (after she
had given a breakdown of medical costs) stated, inter alia, that: 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

3AB25.

If indeed [the plaintiff] turns out to have [TRD] then treatment is lifelong.

In such a case of [TRD] and where rTMS treatment is required, he may need 2 to
3 courses of 24 sessions per year.

87 The court has already found 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

See supra, at paragraph [69].

that the plaintiff does not suffer from TRD. Consequently, the rTMS procedure
would appear to be unnecessary. However, the court notes that NTUC Income has
in its closing submissions 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

ICS at [71].

accepted Dr Chan’s recommendation of rTMS, although it proposed two (instead
of the three courses a year claimed by the plaintiff) at a total cost of
$4,560 ($2,043 multiplied by 2). The trade-off by NTUC Income for accepting
rTMS as the recommended treatment for the plaintiff, was its reduction in the
sum it proposed for his future medication and medical expenses. NTUC Income’s
figure in this regard was $10,944.70 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

ICS at [71].

based on the unsubsidised rates provided in Dr Chan’s letters dated 8 and 25
February 2021. 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

See supra, at paragraph [72] – [73].

88 NTUC Income had produced an article on rTMS 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

5AB27 – 31.

from the Mayo Clinic (“the Mayo article”) in the United States of America
(“US”), which described transcranial magnetic stimulation as “a noninvasive
procedure that uses magnetic fields to stimulate nerve cells in the brain to
improve symptoms of depression. [Transcranial magnetic stimulation] is
typically used when other depression treatments haven’t been effective”. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

5AB27.

The Mayo article was an attachment to Dr Lim’s memo 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

See supra, at paragraph [43].

which was exhibit LYC-5 in his supplementary AEIC filed on 11 June 2020.

89 In the light of NTUC Income’s agreement and in deference to the views of
the plaintiff’s doctors, the court awards the plaintiff two years’ worth of
rTMS to be carried out at IMH. The sum is $13,680 ($2,280 multiplied by three
courses per year, over two years).

90 The court is of the view that the plaintiff’s claims for lifelong
medication would be doing himself a great disservice – if he continues with
his cocktail of drugs for the rest of his natural life. It does not seem right
to the court that the plaintiff takes sleeping tablets (ie, trazodone and
zoplicone) at night to get himself to sleep and he then take stimulants (ie,
Concerta) during the day to keep himself alert. Taking drugs simultaneously
that have opposite effects surely cannot be good for one’s health. The court
prefers the approach of Dr Lim 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

See supra, at paragraph [78].

– that the plaintiff should be detoxified from opiate-based drugs and if his
pain cannot be controlled or eased with conventional drugs, then alternatives
such as TCM should be explored.

91 The court will not deprive the plaintiff of medication he needs in the
short term but is loath to award him lifelong medication that would probably
do him more harm than good. It does not make sense for the plaintiff to be
prescribed antidepressants when he denies he is depressed and he does not take
the prescribed antidepressants. It bears noting that in the course of his
cross-examination, 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

NE, 1 February 2021, p 43, ln 19 – 31.

the plaintiff disclosed that doctors at IMH had advised him that he suffers
from a “loss syndrome” – the higher he was on the corporate ladder, the harder
his fall. If the plaintiff was/is depressed, it may well be due to the “loss
syndrome” and nothing to do with the accident. In any case, the court has
awarded the plaintiff two years’ worth of rTMS, as stated earlier. 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

See supra, at paragraph [89].

92 Therefore, the period for which the plaintiff is awarded medication is
reduced to five years from 12 years. In this regard, Dr Chan’s third report
gave a horizon of two to five years for the plaintiff’s treatment by Concerta
and trazodone. 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

3AB20.

93 It is this court’s hope that the plaintiff will eventually be weaned from
all the medication he took and continues to take, by going for alternatives
such as TCM and/or therapy to resolve his chronic pain issues. The monies
saved from this item of award can then be channelled to TCM and/or therapy.

94 Based on the figures in the table at [84], the plaintiff should only be
awarded $12,746.00 with the breakdown as follows:

| Treatment | Cost per year, for 5 years  
---|---|---  
1| Pharmacotherapy(trazodone, clomipramine,zopiclone and bromazepam)| $474.50
x 5 = $2,372.50  
2| Pharmacotherapy(Concerta)| $1,171.50 x 5 = $5,857.50  
3| Pharmacotherapy(tramadol and pregabalin)| $759.20 x 5 = $3,796.00  
4| Consultations with TTSH(Psychiatry)| $144.00 x 5 = $720.00  
| Total | $12,746.00  
  
95 At this juncture, the court would also state that it is not convinced that
the plaintiff underwent a drastic personality change as a result of the
accident or that his self-confidence is “shattered”. 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

PCS at [334] – [344].

There was a dearth of evidence in this regard apart from the plaintiff’s
assertion. It would have been helpful if his wife had been called as a witness
to corroborate his change in personality and/or lack of self-confidence.

96 The plaintiff testified 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

NE, 1 February 2021, pp 121 – 123.

he was filled with self-doubt after the accident on whether his cognitive
abilities had been affected by the accident. However, he never tested himself
by accepting a job in senior management or any job for that matter. In the
witness stand, the plaintiff came across to the court as more frustrated than
depressed, and it was obvious he was very unhappy with his lot in life.

97 The plaintiff’s remaining claims for special damages in the table at [47]
are: (i) transport expenses; (ii) total loss of his car; and, (iii) loss of
use of his car. Although NTUC Income argued that the transport charges were
not proven as no receipts in support thereof were produced, the court allows
the amount of $1,000 as the sum is not significant. NTUC Income has offered
the same figure for future transport charges 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

See supra, table at paragraph [50].

which the court accepts as reasonable.

98 However, as regards items (ii) and (iii) above, relating to loss of and use
of, his car, these are not claimable from NTUC Income under the provisions of
the MVTPR Act.

99 This can be seen from s 4 of the MVTPR Act which states:

(1) In order to comply with the requirements of this Act, a policy of
insurance must, subject to subsection (4), be a policy which —

(a) is issued by an insurer who at the time the policy is issued is lawfully
carrying on motor insurance business in Singapore; and

(b) insures such person, persons or classes of persons as may be specified in
the policy in respect of any liability which may be incurred by him or them in
respect of the death of or bodily injury to any person caused by or arising
out of the use of the motor vehicle in Singapore and in any territory
specified in the Schedule.  
---  
  
2 It is hereby declared that a policy of insurance —

(a) which was issued on or before 21st October 1998 by an insurer who at the
time the policy was issued was lawfully carrying on motor insurance business
in Singapore; and

(-) which insures such person, persons or classes of persons as may be
specified in the policy in respect of any liability which may be incurred by
him or them in respect of the death of or bodily injury to any person caused
by or arising out of the use of a motor vehicle in any territory specified in
the Schedule,

shall be deemed always to have been a policy of insurance —

(i) issued for the purposes of this Act; and

(ii) under which third parties are conferred rights by sections 9, 11, 13 and
14.

[emphasis added]

The above provisions read with ss 7 and 9 of the MVTPR Act, makes it clear
that NTUC Income is only liable to the plaintiff for claims for bodily injury,
not chattels such as his car. The plaintiff’s two claims relating to his car
are therefore dismissed.

(ii) claims for loss of earnings

100 The court turns next to the plaintiff’s contested claims relating to his
pre-trial loss of earnings of $861,800 and his loss of earning capacity/future
earnings amounting to $2,052,000. NTUC Income submitted that the plaintiff is
not entitled to claim for loss of future earnings but only to loss of earning
capacity for which it proposed $20,000. 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

ICS at [65] – [68].

101 NTUC Income set out the plaintiff’s employment history in the following
table: 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

ICS at [49].

| Period of employment| Place | Positions  
---|---|---|---  
1| 1985-2004| Motorola Semiconductor Pte Ltd | Account, sales & marketing manager   
2| 2004- 2014 | Freescale Semiconductor Pte Ltd | Regional sales manager  
3| June 2015- Sept 2016| Basler Asia Pte Ltd | Regional sales manager  
  
102 Earlier, 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

See supra, at paragraph [10] – [12].

the court had also alluded to the plaintiff’s employment history. From
starting off in Motorola as a strategic account manager, the plaintiff rose
through the ranks and became the company’s regional sales manager by the time
Motorola was taken over by private equity managers and renamed Freescale.

103 The plaintiff left Freescale towards the end of 2014 because of the change
of corporate structure and its imminent acquisition by NXP Semiconductor. In
his AEIC, 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

AEIC of Lau Keuk Ling William Ignatius at [40].

he deposed that he took a severance pay and left Freescale to look for another
job which he found at Basler. The plaintiff was at Basler for only 15 months.

104 During his cross-examination as well as in its submissions, NTUC Income
took issue with the plaintiff’s departure from Basler asserting that the
plaintiff did not resign voluntarily as he claimed since the Notice of
Severance dated 19 September 2016 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

3AB467.

(“the Notice”) clearly stated that he was given severance benefits for loss of
office in the sum of $17,719.50 (1½ months’ salary). The plaintiff had
purportedly tendered his resignation on 21 September 2016 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

3AB466.

with his last day in office being 31 October 2016. By then however, the Notice
appeared to have been already handed to him and it was stated therein that his
last day at Basler would be the Notice day itself. In his testimony however,
the plaintiff stated he did stay on in Basler until end October 2016 and
produced his October 2016 payslip as proof. 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

3AB465.

105 NTUC Income argued that the plaintiff is not entitled to loss of future
earnings as he had already reached the retirement age in Singapore of 62 by
the time he left Basler. 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

ICS at [49].

106 It was the plaintiff’s case however that after leaving Basler, he looked
for employment opportunities commensurate with his credentials and experience
at companies listed at [12]. 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

PCS at [316].

He alleged that the accident caused him to miss an employment opportunity with
an American company Microchip Technology as he was unable to contact the head-
hunter involved in the recruitment exercise until 19 February 2017 by which
time the position was no longer available. 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

See supra, at paragraph [13].

107 NTUC Income further disputed the plaintiff’s computation for loss of
future earnings at $19,000 per month for nine years amounting to $2,052,000
based on a retirement age of 75 years, for a skilled worker occupying a senior
managerial position. 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

ICS at [51].

NTUC Income pointed out that the plaintiff had left or lost, his job with
Basler for 4 months 26 days before the accident. In cross-examination, 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

NE, 1 February 2021, p 16, ln 7 – 26.

the plaintiff had testified he told his boss at Basler that he wanted to
retire, and had conceded that 62 was the retirement age in Singapore subject
to re-employment opportunities.

108 NTUC Income noted that the plaintiff failed to disclose in his AEIC that
he was working as a Grab driver at the time of the accident. He also did not
disclose that he had applied for a taxi vocational licence as early as
November 2014, prior to his departure from Freescale. 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

ICS at [57].

The surveillance conducted by Nemesis 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

See supra, at paragraph [21].

in July and August 2019 showed that the plaintiff continued to work as a Grab
driver after the accident. Indeed, Grab’s weekly statements 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

3AB482 – 503.

showed that the plaintiff was a Grab driver from May to November 2019. The
plaintiff’s average net income was around $2,100 per month.

109 NTUC Income added that it was revealed during his cross-examination that
the plaintiff did not send out any resumes after the accident and even if he
did, none of the recruitment head-hunters or potential employers were aware of
his accident. 160

##### Foot Note 160

×

ICS at [63].

NTUC Income also submitted that the plaintiff did not have regard to his age
of 63 in 2017 as a barrier to finding employment in senior management
positions. NTUC Income pointed out he skirted the issue in cross-examination
161

##### Foot Note 161

×

ICS at [64]; NE, 1 February 2021, pp 122 – 123.

.

110 The plaintiff produced his CPF statements of account for the years 2009 to
2018, 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

3AB504 – 535.

and his income tax assessment for the years 2010, 2012, 2013 and 2014, 163

##### Foot Note 163

×

3AB459 – 462.

but not those for the years before and after the accident which would have
given a far more accurate view of his income from 2016 to-date. This omission
was noted by NTUC Income. 164

##### Foot Note 164

×

ICS at [90].

111 The plaintiff had produced a letter addressed to him dated 28 September
2020 from the Land Transport Authority 165

##### Foot Note 165

×

3AB558.

(“LTA”) reminding him that his taxi driver’s vocational licence (“TDVL”) would
be expiring on 18 November 2020 and in order to renew the licence, he was
required to first attend a five hours refresher course conducted by LTA.
Apparently, the plaintiff did not renew his TDVL, the refusal of which NTUC
Income criticised as being unwarranted as there was no evidence that the
plaintiff was unable to drive for hire, save for hospitalization on 15 January
2020 due to a suspected stroke. 166

##### Foot Note 166

×

ICS at [92].

112 NTUC Income submitted that since the plaintiff’s loss of earnings was due
to his act of giving up his TDVL, he brought about his own loss and should not
be entitled to make any claim for pre-trial loss of earnings. 167

##### Foot Note 167

×

ICS at [93].

113 However, should the court rule in favour of the plaintiff, NTUC Income
submitted that the plaintiff’s claim should be limited to his income as a Grab
driver at $2,100 per month and should be limited to the days that the
plaintiff sought medical treatment based on his medical bills: 168

##### Foot Note 168

×

ICS at [94].

| Year | Number of trips   
---|---|---  
1| 2017| 57 (see 3AB101 – 102)  
2| 2018| 43 (see 3AB197 – 198)  
3| 2019| 45 (see 3AB269 – 270)  
4| 2020 to Jan 2021 | 41 (see 4AB6)  
| Total number of days | 186  
  
114 Based on the plaintiff’s average income per day of $70 ($2,100 divided by
30 days), the plaintiff’s entitlement to pre-trial loss of earnings would be
limited to $13,020 ($70 multiplied by 186 days).

115 The plaintiff on the other hand relied on the reports (which extracts he
quoted) of Dr Ho, Dr Yeo, Dr Lim, Dr Lui and Dr Hong to substantiate his claim
for pre-trial loss of earnings due to his mental state. He contended that had
it not been for the accident, he would have secured employment in a similarly
well-paying role. It was never his intention to retire or settle for private
hire driving. 169

##### Foot Note 169

×

PCS at [368].

The court rejects the plaintiff’s arguments for the reasons set out below 170

##### Foot Note 170

×

See infra, at paragraph [119].

and accepts NTUC Income’s submission as well as its figure of $13,020 for pre-
trial loss of earnings.

116 In regard to the issue of his retirement age, the plaintiff sought to
argue that he intended to and was confident he could, work up to the age of 75
in senior management positions were it not for the accident. Hence, he used a
multiplier of nine years for his claim for loss of future earnings. 171

##### Foot Note 171

×

PCS at [385].

117 It would be appropriate at this juncture to consider one of the cases the
plaintiff relied on to support his claim.

118 The plaintiff cited Lua Bee Kiang (administrator of the estate of Chew
Kong Seng, deceased) v Yeo Chee Siong [2019] 1 SLR 145 (“Lua Bee Kiang”). The
court is of the view that this case does not assist the plaintiff to advance
his claim. The deceased/respondent in that case was a carpenter, an occupation
that is not limited by one’s age. So long as a carpenter has a steady pair of
hands and good eyesight, age would not be a barrier to his continued
employment pass 62 or even 70 years of age. Indeed, it can even be said that
the older a carpenter, the better his skills. It is therefore not a like-for-
like comparison to measure the plaintiff’s employability beyond 62 years with
that of the respondent in Lua Bee Kiang, whom the appellate court accepted
could have worked as a carpenter until he reached 70. After all, as stated in
Lua Bee Kiang at [53], the particular characteristics of the claimant and the
nature of the work concerned are factors to be considered in determining the
multiplier to be applied when assessing damages for loss of earnings.

119 In our case, the plaintiff was never self-employed prior to leaving Basler
in 2016, he was always an employee. However able/capable he may have been in
his previous positions with Motorola, Freescale and Basler, the court cannot
ignore the fact that he had reached Singapore’s minimum retirement age of 62
at the time of the accident, and is now 66 to 67 years old. The plaintiff
argued 172

##### Foot Note 172

×

PCS at [370].

that he could ordinarily request to be re-employed for another five years
until he reaches 67 years old. That may well be the case in normal
circumstances except that such an option was not open to the plaintiff because
he was not in gainful employment at age 62, having left Basler in October
2016. As NTUC Income pointed out, the plaintiff did not lose his job because
of the accident. 173

##### Foot Note 173

×

ICS at [54].

At 62 years of age then, if the plaintiff were to apply for other senior
management positions, he would be at a disadvantage as it is likely he would
have to compete with other candidates who were equally qualified and have
comparable experience, but who were much younger.

120 The plaintiff had also cited Quek Yen Fei Kenneth v Yeo Chye Huat [2016] 3
SLR 1106, Quek Yen Fei Kenneth (by his litigation representative Pang Choy
Chun) v Yeo Chye Huat and another appeal [2017] 2 SLR 229 and Zaiton Bee Bee
bte Abdul Majeed v Chan Poh Teong [2010] 3 SLR 697. The court does not think
any of these cases assist the plaintiff as the courts’ findings therein were
specific to the facts in those cases.

121 The plaintiff also relied on an article 174

##### Foot Note 174

×

3AB542.

purportedly from Stanford Business that stated that the average mandatory
retirement age among public corporations in the US is 72. The short answer to
that submission is that the retirement age in the US has no relevance to
Singapore. In any case, the court takes judicial notice of the fact that the
founders of technology/e-commerce behemoths like Microsoft and Amazon have
stepped down from their positions well before they even reach 60.

122 NTUC Income cited Chai Kang Wei Samuel v Shaw Linda Gillian [2010] 3 SLR
587 (“Shaw Gillian”) for its submission 175

##### Foot Note 175

×

ICS at [52].

that an award for loss of future earnings compensates a victim for a real and
assessable drop in income as provable through evidence consequent to injuries
and disabilities suffered. The court accepts NTUC Income’s submission.

123 In regard to the multiplicand, the plaintiff used $19,000, a figure which
NTUC Income criticised as unfounded. 176

##### Foot Note 176

×

ICS at [83].

NTUC Income pointed out that the plaintiff was not earning this amount as his
monthly salary at the time of the accident – he was then a Grab driver earning
around $2,000 a month. NTUC Income pointed out that the plaintiff had used his
average income extracted from his notices of assessment for the years 2010,
2012, 2013 and 2014 as the basis for calculating his pre-trial earnings. Yet,
he skipped his 2011 income in his calculation and offered no explanation for
the omission. 177

##### Foot Note 177

×

ICS at [84].

It should be noted that the law does not compute loss of earnings in the
manner that the plaintiff did.

124 In any case, it was NTUC Income’s case that the plaintiff’s figure of
$19,000 as his earned income was inflated as it did not reflect what he was
paid while he was employed by Basler. The plaintiff’s October 2016 payslip 178

##### Foot Note 178

×

3AB465; See supra, at paragraph [102].

showed his monthly salary was $12,563 ($11,813 salary plus transport allowance
of $750). The plaintiff was also selective in disclosing his notices of
assessment – he chose not to disclose his tax assessments for the years 2016
to 2017, which the court believes would have shown his actual earnings from
Basler.

125 The plaintiff’s claim of $2,052,000 was for loss of earning capacity/loss
of future earnings. There is however a distinction between the 2 categories of
claims. The court can do no better than to refer to Shaw Gillian where the
appellate court said: 179

##### Foot Note 179

×

Shaw Gillian at [19] – [25].

19 …as Lord Denning MR clearly pointed out in Fairley ([12] supra), loss of
future earnings must be “real assessable loss proved by evidence” (at 42).
Therefore, if a plaintiff should fail to provide sufficient evidence of loss
of future earnings, his or her claim for loss of future earnings cannot
succeed.

20 Secondly, in the event that there is a lack of sufficient evidence proving
loss of future earnings, this cannot, by itself, convert a claim for loss of
future earnings into a claim for loss of earning capacity. These two heads of
damages are meant to compensate for different losses – loss of future earnings
compensates for the difference between the post-accident and pre-accident
income or rate income, while loss of earning capacity compensates for the risk
or disadvantage, which the plaintiff would suffer in the event that he or she
should lose the job that he or she currently holds, in securing an equivalent
job in the open employment market. Since loss of future earnings and loss of
earning capacity are separate and distinct, the Appellant’s suggestion that
the failure to prove loss of future earnings should lead to an award for loss
of earning capacity is conceptually erroneous

…

…

24 Finally, there is one other general comment which we would make. There is
nothing in principle which bars a plaintiff from being entitled to claim for
both loss of future earnings and loss of earning capacity, provided that the
necessary evidence is present...

25 We reiterate again, loss of future earnings and loss of earning capacity
compensate different losses. We can best illustrate the point by an example.
Suppose an injured person was taken back by his pre-accident employer to do a
less demanding job due to his disabilities but at a lower pay. If the employer
cannot guarantee how long he will be so employed but will do so as long as
possible, it seems to us that the injured victim should be entitled to awards
based on both heads of damages.

126 NTUC Income had submitted that the plaintiff should not be given any award
for loss of earning capacity or at best, he should be awarded a nominal sum of
$20,000. 180

##### Foot Note 180

×

ICS at [68].

127 Whether it is a claim for pre-trial loss of earnings ($861,800) or loss of
earning capacity or future earnings ($2,052,000) it is incumbent on the
plaintiff to produce the necessary supporting evidence which unfortunately he
did not.

128 It is therefore the finding of this court that the plaintiff has not
suffered any actual loss of future earnings or loss of earning capacity. He
was driving for Grab at the time of the accident and he continued to drive for
Grab after the accident until he voluntarily chose not to renew his TDVL upon
its expiry in November 2020. The plaintiff suffered some pre-trial loss of
earnings as a Grab driver for which he has been given an award. 181

##### Foot Note 181

×

See supra, at paragraph [115].

Assuming arguendo that the plaintiff did suffer loss of future earnings for
five years until the mandatory retirement age of 67, the court awards the
plaintiff the sum of $50,000 ($10,000 per year multiplied by five years) which
is a discount on NTUC Income’s figure of $13,020 in [114] due to accelerated
receipt.

129 As for loss of earning capacity, the court finds that this claim was not
proven. Earlier, the court had dismissed his two claims relating to his car.
182

##### Foot Note 182

×

See supra, at paragraph [99].

Conclusion

130 The parties had agreed to the following claims for the plaintiff:

| Items | Amount  
---|---|---  
1| Left shoulder injury | $5,000  
2| Neck/cervical injury (whiplash)| $7,000  
3| Medical expenses incurred | $24,132.64  
| Total | $36,132.64  
  
While the court made the following awards:

| Items | Amount  
---|---|---  
1| Brain injury | $70,000.00  
2| Psychiatric conditions (post-concussion syndrome) | $45,000.00  
3| Transport (before and after trial)$1,000 x 2 | $2,000.00  
4| Future medical expenses| $12,746.00  
5| rTMS| $13,680.00  
6| Pre-trial loss of earnings | $13,020.00  
7| Loss of future earnings| $50,000.00  
| Total| $206,446.00  
  
131 Added together, the total sum awarded to the plaintiff is $242,578.64, a
far cry from his original claim totalling $3,313,294.04. 183

##### Foot Note 183

×

See supra, at paragraph [48].

The plaintiff is awarded interest on the damages less the loss of future
earnings (ie, on $192,578.64) at 5.33% interest from the date of the writ
until payment.

Costs

132 At the court’s directions, parties submitted their respective schedules on
costs. The plaintiff’s estimate of party and party costs was $100,000 far
higher than NTUC Income’s figure of $65,000. The court notes that the award to
the plaintiff is below the jurisdiction limit of $250,000 for civil claims in
the State Courts.

133 Taking into consideration the total sums awarded to the plaintiff as well
as the fact that trial took place over 3½ days, the court awards costs to the
plaintiff of $45,000, with disbursements of another $8,500.

Lai Siu Chiu  
Senior Judge

Han Hean Juan and Lu Zhao Bo Yu (Hoh Law Corporation) for the plaintiff;  
Yeo Kim Hai Patrick and Ooi Jing Yu (Huang Jingyu) (Legal Solutions LLC) for
the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 30 Jul 2021 (14:57 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

