Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC 7

Originating Summons No 1137 of 2019

Summons No 4835 of 2019

Between

RCMA Asia Pte Ltd(formerly known as Tong Teik Pte Ltd)  
---  
  
… Applicant

And

Matthew Peloso  
---  
  
… Respondent

grounds of decision

[Contempt of Court] — [Civil contempt]

[Contempt of Court] — [Sentencing]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
RCMA Asia Pte Ltd (formerly known as Tong Teik Pte Ltd)

  
v

  

Peloso, Matthew

[2021] SGHC 7

High Court — Originating Summons No 1137 of 2019, Summons No 4835 of 2019  
Chua Lee Ming J  
22 June, 22, 23 September 2020

14 January 2021

Chua Lee Ming J:

Introduction

1 The applicant, RCMA Asia Pte Ltd (“RCMA”), commenced these contempt
proceedings against Mr Matthew Peloso (“Peloso”), alleging that Peloso, as an
officer and sole director of a company known as Sun Electric Power Pte Ltd
(“SEP”), breached an injunction order dated 11 May 2018 that was granted
against SEP (the “Injunction Order”) in Suit No 191 of 2018 (“Suit 191”).

2 Peloso was cross-examined on his affidavits. I found against Peloso with
respect to only one of the grounds relied on by RCMA and imposed a fine of
$15,000 (in default, 10 days’ imprisonment) against him. I also ordered him to
pay costs amounting to $16,000. Both Peloso and RCMA have appealed against my
decision.

Facts

3 In 2015, the Energy Market Authority of Singapore introduced the Forward
Sales Contract Scheme (“FSC Scheme”) to spur competition and create liquidity
in Singapore’s wholesale and retail electricity markets. A participant is
required to carry out certain market-making obligations in the electricity
futures market in respect of a volume of futures trades in return for
incentive payments (“FSC Payments”). SEP (a company in the business of
generating, transmitting, distributing and selling electricity) was at all
material times a participant of the FSC Scheme.

4 RCMA was and is in the business of trading energy and other commodities. SEP
outsourced its obligations under the FSC Scheme to RCMA. RCMA agreed to assume
SEP’s obligations under the FSC Scheme in return for a 70% share of all the
FSC Payments that SEP would receive under the FSC Scheme (the “Agreement”).
Pursuant to a Deed of Assignment dated 7 December 2016, SEP assigned to RCMA,
among other things, 70% of all its “present and future rights” to receive the
FSC Payments. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

David Maher’s 1st Affidavit filed on 10 September 2019 (“Maher’s 1st
Affidavit”), at p 73.

5 On 22 February 2018, RCMA commenced Suit 191 against SEP, claiming, among
other things, the sum of S$6,533,333.52 being RCMA’s 70% share of the FSC
Payments received by SEP for the months of December 2017 to July 2018. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Maher’s 1st Affidavit, at pp 57–79.

RCMA also filed an ex parte application for, among other things, an injunction
to restrain SEP, its directors, officers, employees and/or agents from
disposing, dealing with or diminishing the value of RCMA’s 70% share of the
FSC Payments received by SEP.

6 On 26 February 2018, I directed that RCMA’s ex parte application for an
injunction be heard inter partes and granted an interim injunction restraining
SEP, its directors, officers, employees and/or agents from “in any way
disposing, dealing with or diminishing [RCMA’s] 70% share of FSC Payments
received by [SEP] in respect of market making trades taken on by [RCMA] to 26
February 2018”, pending the inter partes hearing (the “February 2018 Order”).
3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Statement pursuant to Order 52, Rule 2 of the Rules of Court (“O 52
Statement”), at pp 12–13.

7 The inter partes hearing was held on 11 May 2018. I granted RCMA an interim
injunction, pending final determination of Suit 191, restraining SEP, its
directors, officers, employees and/or agents from “in any way disposing,
dealing with or diminishing the value of” RCMA’s 70% share of the FSC Payments
paid to SEP, provided that RCMA met its obligations under the Agreement (the
“Injunction Order”). 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

O 52 Statement, at pp 15–16.

8 By July 2018, RCMA had completed its obligations under the Agreement. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Maher’s 1st Affidavit, at para 20.

Between January and August 2018, the FSC Payments for the period from January
to June 2018 were paid into SEP’s account No 689624781001 with OCBC Bank (the
“OCBC Account”). The OCBC Account had been set up for the specific purpose of
receiving the FSC Payments. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Peloso’s 4th Affidavit in S 200/2016, at para 89 (see David Maher’s 3rd
Affidavit filed on 4 November 2019 (“Maher’s 3rd Affidavit”), at p 53).

9 It was not disputed that the amount of FSC Payments was fixed at
$1,555,555.60 per month except that the payment for June 2018 was made over
three months from June to August 2018.

10 Suit 191 was fixed for trial in August 2019. However, SEP failed to
exchange affidavits of evidence-in-chief in accordance with the Court’s
directions and its solicitors discharged themselves from further acting. The
trial was vacated.

11 On 21 August 2019, SEP applied to place itself under judicial management in
Originating Summons No 1060 of 2019 (“OS 1060”). Copies of the application and
a supporting affidavit filed by Peloso on 21 August 2019 (“Peloso’s 1st
Affidavit in OS 1060”) were served on RCMA. On reviewing Peloso’s 1st
Affidavit in OS 1060, RCMA discovered the following:

(a) On 24 September 2018, Peloso withdrew S$1.5m from the OCBC Account and
loaned it to Sun Electric Energy Assets Pte Ltd (“SEEAPL”), another company
that he controlled. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Maher’s 1st Affidavit, at para 25.

(b) Peloso transferred S$2m on 27 November 2018, S$4m on 3 December 2018 and
S$91,555.39 on 17 December 2018 from the OCBC Account to SEP’s account No
0489073012 with DBS Bank Ltd (the DBS Account”). The total amount transferred
was S$6,091,555.39. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Maher’s 1st Affidavit, at para 27.

(c) On 18 January 2019, Kashish Worldwide FZE (“Kashish”), a company
incorporated in the United Arab Emirates, sued SEP in Suit 74 of 2019 (“Suit
74”) claiming S$6,995,755.78 being alleged trading losses incurred by SEP
under various contracts for differences that SEP had allegedly executed with
Kashish between 2016 and 2018. SEP did not enter an appearance and on 4
February 2019, Kashish entered default judgment against SEP for that amount
and interest. Peloso informed Kashish that SEP had funds in excess of S$6m in
the DBS Account and provided Kashish with a copy of the bank statement for
December 2018. On 18 February 2019, Kashish obtained a garnishee order to show
cause in respect of the DBS Account. On 8 March 2019, the Court made a final
garnishee order in respect of the moneys in the DBS Account. On 21 March 2019,
DBS Bank Ltd paid the sum of S$6,091,555.39 from the DBS Account to Kashish. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Maher’s 1st Affidavit, at p 223.

According to Peloso, he had given Kashish a copy of the DBS Account statement
for December 2018 because he was hoping to avoid a lawsuit by Kashish by
showing Kashish that SEP had the funds to pay Kashish once the funds were
released from the Injunction Order. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Peloso’s 4th Affidavit in Suit 200, at para 105 (see Maher’s 3rd Affidavit, at
p 59); NE, 22 September 2020, at 84:4–10.

12 On 10 September 2019, RCMA applied for leave to apply for an order of
committal against Peloso. Leave was granted on 24 September 2019. On 30 July
2020, I granted RCMA’s application for Peloso to be cross-examined on the
affidavits that he had filed in these proceedings.

RCMA’s case

13 In its Statement Pursuant to Order 52, Rule 2 of the Rules of Court (Cap
322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed) (the “O 52 Statement”), RCMA alleged that Peloso, as an
officer of SEP, breached the Injunction Order by causing SEP to dispose, deal
with and/or diminish the value of its 70% share of the FSC Payments that were
subject to the Injunction Order. Specifically, RCMA alleged that Peloso caused
SEP to:

(a) withdraw S$1.5m from the OCBC Account on 24 September 2018 to loan to
SEEAPL (the “September 2018 Withdrawal”); 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

O 52 Statement, at paras 5(a) and 22.

(b) transfer a total amount of S$6,091,555.39 from the OCBC Account to the DBS
Account between 27 November and 17 December 2018 (the “DBS Transfers”); 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

O 52 Statement, at paras 5(a) and 23.

and

(c) fail to:

(i) contest the claim by Kashish;

(ii) inform Kashish and the Court hearing the garnishee application about the
Injunction Order; and/or

(iii) inform RCMA of Kashish’s application to garnish the funds that were
subject to the Injunction Order (the “Injunction Funds”). 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

O 52 Statement, at paras 5(b) and 31.

14 It was not disputed that Peloso had knowledge of the Injunction Order and
that he had to comply with the Order. It was also not disputed that Peloso was
responsible for the actions/omissions set out above.

Whether the September 2018 Withdrawal breached the Injunction Order

15 In his affidavit filed in these contempt proceedings, Peloso asserted that
the September 2018 Withdrawal did not breach the Injunction Order for the
following reasons: 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Peloso’s 1st Affidavit filed on 21 October 2019 (“Peloso’s 1st Affidavit”), at
paras 6, 9–10.

(a) The Injunction Order (made in May 2018) only enjoined 70% of FSC Payments
for January to June 2018 excluding April 2018. As the FSC Payments per month
was $1,555,555.60, the total amount enjoined by the Injunction Order was
$5,444,444.60. The FSC Payment for April 2018 had been withdrawn on 30 April
2018 to pay expenses (the “April 2018 Withdrawal”) and therefore could not
have been enjoined by the Injunction Order.

(b) After the September 2018 Withdrawal, SEP still had $5,669,200.15
comprising:

(i) a balance of S$4,891,635.39 in the OCBC Account;

(ii) a balance of $639,158.12 in its trading account with DBS (the “DBS
Trading Account”); and

(iii) a balance of $138,406.64 in SEP’s operating account (No 686111840001)
with OCBC Bank (“SEP’s Operating Account”).

16 I rejected Peloso’s assertion. First, in my view, Peloso’s reasons for his
assertion were nothing more than an afterthought. Peloso’s reasons were
inconsistent with his previous explanations given elsewhere:

(a) In Peloso’s 1st Affidavit in OS 1060, he admitted that the September 2018
Withdrawal should not have been made and said that he had made the withdrawal
because “SEEAPL needed the money urgently and the funds in the OCBC Account
were the only option available at the time”. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Peloso’s 1st Affidavit in OS 1060, at para 48(k) (see Maher’s 1st Affidavit,
at pp 119 – 120).

(b) In Peloso’s affidavit dated 2 September 2019, filed in a separate action
in Suit 200 of 2016 (“Peloso’s 4th Affidavit in Suit 200”), he claimed that
the September 2018 Withdrawal “was done purely out of desperation”. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Peloso’s 4th Affidavit in Suit 200, at para 87 (see Maher’s 3rd Affidavit, at
p 52).

Suit 200 of 2016 was an action commenced by SEP and another related company
claiming damages for trading losses against a company called Menrva Solutions
Pte Ltd and another party (“Suit 200”).

17 In his oral testimony, Peloso explained that both the abovementioned
affidavits were drafted by the same solicitor who had made the “same
calculation errors”. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

NE, 22 September 2020, at 75:30–76:23.

I did not believe Peloso’s explanation. No evidence was adduced of the
solicitor’s alleged errors. Instead, Peloso’s explanation was inconsistent
with his second affidavit filed in OS 1060 on 29 August 2019 (“Peloso’s 2nd
Affidavit in OS 1060”). In that affidavit, Peloso attempted to explain why he
had stated (in Peloso’s 1st Affidavit in OS 1060) that the April 2018
Withdrawal was wrong. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Peloso’s 2nd Affidavit in OS 1060, at paras 4–6.

Peloso did not mention any calculation or other errors by his solicitor; he
also did not correct his statement (in Peloso’s 1st Affidavit in OS 1060) that
the September 2018 Withdrawal was wrong.

18 Further, in Peloso’s 2nd Affidavit in OS 1060, he claimed that in Peloso’s
1st Affidavit in OS 1060, he had “assumed that [the April 2018 Withdrawal] was
not permitted” and that having “since had the opportunity to review [his]
records thoroughly, [he] realised that [his] impression was mistaken”.
However, Peloso’s mistaken assumption about the April 2018 Withdrawal was
immaterial to the matter before me. It was not Peloso’s case that his
admission in his 1st Affidavit in OS 1060 (that the September 2018 Withdrawal
was wrong) was caused by his mistaken assumption about the April 2018
Withdrawal. In any event, according to Peloso, SEP had almost fully made up
the shortfall created by the April 2018 Withdrawal. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Peloso’s 1st Affidavit in OS 1060, at paras 48(i) and (j) (see Maher’s 1st
Affidavit, at p 119).

Peloso could not have thought that the September 2018 Withdrawal was wrong as
a result of any shortfall created by the April 2018 Withdrawal.

19 In my view, Peloso was not a credible witness. I found that the real reason
for the September 2018 Withdrawal was as stated in the two affidavits referred
to at [16] above.

20 Second, I disagreed with Peloso’s assertion that the balance amounts in the
DBS Trading Account and SEP’s Operating Account could be counted as part of
the Injunction Funds. The amount in the DBS Trading Account as at 26 September
2018 was $728,405.12. DBS retained a margin deposit of $89,247 from this
amount, leaving a balance amount of $639,158.12. However, the balance in the
DBS Trading Account would be further reduced if DBS required additional margin
for either existing or new trades. It might have been different if SEP had
withdrawn the balance in the DBS Trading Account and deposited the amount in
either the OCBC Account or the DBS Account, but SEP did not do so. As for
SEP’s Operating Account, the moneys in this account were meant for SEP’s
operational expenses; the expectation must be that these moneys would be so
used. I noted that Peloso did not produce statements of SEP’s Operating
Account for the months after September 2018, to show what happened to the
balance amount in the account.

21 In my view, neither of the balances in the DBS Trading Account or SEP’s
Operating Account could be counted as part of the Injunction Funds. The
Injunction Order must be complied with both in letter and in spirit (Lee
Shieh-Peen Clement and another v Ho Chin Nguang and others [2010] 4 SLR 801 at
[17]). It could not be said that by making the September 2018 Withdrawal and
relying instead on the balances in the DBS Trading Account and SEP’s Operating
Account, SEP and/or Peloso had complied with the Injunction Order.

22 It was also telling that Peloso did not make use of the moneys in the DBS
Trading Account and/or SEP’s Operating Account to make the loan to SEEAPL
despite his assertion that these moneys were freely available to SEP.

23 I agreed with Peloso that the Injunction Funds did not include the FSC
Payment for April 2018 since this amount had been withdrawn before the
Injunction Order was granted on 11 May 2018. This meant that the amount of the
Injunction Funds was $5,444,444.60 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

$1,555,555.60 x 5 x 70%.

and not $6,533,333.52 (as RCMA claimed). The September 2018 Withdrawal left
the OCBC Account with $4,891,635.39. This was clearly short of the amount of
$5,444,444.60 that was required for the Injunction Funds. Accordingly, I found
that Peloso breached the Injunction Order by causing the September 2018
Withdrawal.

24 The question as to whether the April 2018 Withdrawal breached the February
2018 Order did not arise because the present contempt proceedings were based
only on alleged breaches of the Injunction Order. The April 2018 Withdrawal
would not have breached the Injunction Order since, as stated above, the
Injunction Funds did not include the FSC Payment for April 2018. In any event,
the O 52 Statement did not allege that the April 2018 Withdrawal breached the
Injunction Order. The grounds on which committal is sought must be set out in
the statement supporting an application for committal: O 52 r 2 of the Rules
of Court. The supporting facts for committal must be included in the statement
and there should be sufficient particulars in the statement to define the
scope of the contempt: Singapore Civil Procedure 2020 vol 1 (Chua Lee Ming gen
ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 2020) at para 52/2/2. As the Court of Appeal emphasised
in Mok Kah Hong v Zheng Zhuan Yao [2016] 3 SLR 1 (“Mok Kah Hong”) (at [61]):

... It is a fundamental rule of justice that a person called upon to answer a
charge must first know the precise case he has to meet and should be accorded
ample opportunity to refute the allegations. To this end, the O 52 r 2(2)
statement serves a crucial role in enabling the respondent to know the case
that has been put forth against him. It also functions as the boundaries of
the applicant’s case, such as to prevent the applicant from relying on grounds
that have been omitted from the statement. This safeguards the interests of
the respondent, whose liberty is at stake. …

Whether the DBS Transfers breached the Injunction Order

25 RCMA submitted that SEP was not entitled to make the DBS Transfers because
the OCBC Account had been set up to receive the FSC Payments. I disagreed with
RCMA. There was nothing in the Injunction Order that required SEP to keep the
funds in the OCBC Account or that prohibited SEP from transferring the funds
in the OCBC Account to another account; RCMA had not sought any such order.
The Injunction Order merely restrained SEP, its directors, officers, employees
and/or agents from “in any way disposing, dealing with or diminishing the
value of” RCMA’s 70% share of the FSC Payments. In my view, the mere transfer
of the funds from the OCBC Account to the DBS Account did not breach the
Injunction Order. Indeed, taken to its logical conclusion, RCMA’s submission
would have meant that the DBS Transfers would have breached the Injunction
Order even if the moneys had remained intact in the DBS Account. This could
not be correct. Any moneys in the DBS Account would have remained available to
satisfy any judgment that RCMA may have succeeded in obtaining in Suit 191.

26 As such, I found that the DBS Transfers did not breach the Injunction
Order.

Whether SEP’s actions/omissions in relation to Kashish breached the Injunction
Order

27 As stated at [13(c)] above, RCMA’s third ground in these committal
proceedings was that Peloso caused SEP to dispose, deal with and/or diminish
the value of its 70% share of the FSC Payments by causing SEP to:

(a) fail to contest the claim by Kashish;

(b) fail to inform Kashish and the Court hearing the garnishee application,
about the Injunction Order; and/or

(c) fail to inform RCMA of Kashish’s application to garnish the Injunction
Funds.

28 RMCA’s case as set out in the O 52 Statement did not allege that the trades
between SEP and Kashish were fictitious or that Kashish’s claim was a sham.
Peloso testified that the decision not to contest Kashish’s claim was based on
a legal opinion dated 20 January 2019. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Peloso’s List of Documents dated 3 August 2020.

Although the legal advice to SEP pointed out some technical defences,
ultimately, the position remained that SEP had no defence once Kashish
addressed the technicalities. In the circumstances, the decision not to
contest Kashish’s claim was a reasonable one. The decision not to contest the
garnishee application was also reasonable. After all, Kashish had a valid
judgment in its favour. The failure to inform Kashish or the Court in the
garnishee proceedings of the Injunction Order was inconsequential, as was the
failure to inform RCMA about the garnishee application. The Injunction Order
was not material to the garnishee proceedings. The Injunction Order did not
give RCMA any proprietary rights over the Injunction Funds. Neither did it
give RCMA any priority to the Injunction Funds as against Kashish in the
garnishee proceedings.

29 On the basis that the trades between SEP and Kashish were not fictitious,
in my view, none of the above omissions by SEP could be said to have breached
the Injunction Order. During oral submissions, RCMA confirmed that it was not
proceeding on the basis of the ground as stated in the O 52 Statement. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

NE, 23 September 2020, at 11:9–27.

Instead, RCMA submitted that its case was based on a conspiracy between
SEP/Peloso and Kashish to siphon away the Injunction Funds. RCMA argued that
pursuant to this alleged conspiracy:

(a) SEP entered into fictitious trades with Kashish which created a liability
on SEP’s part;

(b) Kashish sued SEP and SEP allowed Kashish to enter judgment by not
contesting the claim; and

(c) SEP did not object to Kashish’s application in the garnishee proceedings
to attach the Injunction Funds and did not inform RCMA of the garnishee
proceedings.

30 I rejected RCMA’s submission. RCMA’s case based on the alleged conspiracy
was not one of the grounds in the O 52 Statement. The alleged conspiracy ought
to have been clearly set out and particularised in the O 52 Statement to
inform Peloso in clear terms what was the case that he had to meet. As the
Court of Appeal said in Mok Kah Hong, the O 52 Statement “also functions as
the boundaries of the applicant’s case, such as to prevent the applicant from
relying on grounds that have been omitted from the statement” (see [24]
above). In my judgment, RCMA was not entitled to rely on the alleged
conspiracy in these proceedings.

31 In any event, the burden was on RCMA to prove the alleged conspiracy beyond
a reasonable doubt (STX Corp v Jason Surjana Tanuwidjaja and others [2014] 2
SLR 1261 at [8]). Granted, there were errors and inconsistences in the
contracts for differences relied upon by Peloso as evidence of the trades
executed between SEP and Kashish and the amounts due to Kashish. Although
these errors and inconsistencies raised questions about the authenticity of
the trades, in my judgment, the evidence was not sufficient to prove beyond a
reasonable doubt that Kashish was engaged in a conspiracy with SEP and/or Mr
Peloso to defraud RCMA by entering into fictitious trades, commencing Suit 74,
obtaining judgment in default and enforcing the judgment by attaching the
Injunction Funds.

32 Accordingly, I found that RCMA had not proved its case for committal in
connection with SEP’s and/or Peloso’s actions/omissions in relation to
Kashish.

Sentence

33 I found that only the September 2018 Withdrawal breached the Injunction
Order. It was not disputed that the September 2018 Withdrawal was repaid in
full. $1.2m was repaid on 16 November 2018 and the balance of $300,000 was set
off against debts owed by SEP to SEEAPL. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Peloso’s 1st Affidavit, at para 11; NE, 23 September 2020, at 4:13–31.

In the circumstances, as RCMA also accepted, a custodial sentence was not
warranted. Nevertheless, in my view, the breach committed by Peloso showed a
blatant disregard for the Injunction Order. In my judgment, a fine of $15,000
(in default, ten days’ imprisonment) was appropriate and I so ordered.

34 In its application for committal, RCMA also sought an order that Peloso pay
the sum of $6,533,333.52 (ie, the amount of the Injunction Funds according to
RCMA) to the DBS Account or to any other bank account in SEP’s name. As I
found that the only act of contempt that had been proven was the September
2018 Withdrawal and the amount withdrawn had been repaid, the question as to
whether Peloso should be ordered to make good the amount withdrawn, was moot.

Conclusion

35 For the reasons set out above, I found that Peloso had committed contempt
of court by making the September 2018 Withdrawal in breach of the Injunction
Order. I imposed a fine of $15,000 (in default, ten days’ imprisonment). I
also ordered Peloso to pay costs in connection with these proceedings in the
total sum of $16,000 inclusive of disbursements.

Chua Lee Ming  
Judge

Mohammed Reza s/o Mohammed Riaz, Victoria Katerina Jones and Kwek Yuan, Justin
(JWS Asia Law Corporation) for the plaintiff;

Lim Chee San (TanLim Partnership) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 15 Jan 2021 (08:53 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

