Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singaporE

[2021] SGHC 227

Suit No 732 of 2016

Between

| EFG Bank AG, Singapore Branch  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Surewin Worldwide Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| Singfor Life Insurance Co Ltd  
(3)| EFG Wealth Solutions (Singapore) Ltd  
  
… Defendants

judgment

[Agency] — [Principal] — [Holding out] — [Scope of representations in account-
opening booklet]

[Banking] — [Lending and security]

[Civil Procedure] — [Pleadings]

[Conflict of Laws] — [Foreign arbitration] — [Issue estoppel]

[Contract] — [Illegality and public policy] — [Illegality under international
and foreign law]

[Personal Property] — [Priorities] — [Time of attachment of security interest
over assets in bank account] — [Bona fide purchaser for value without notice]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
EFG Bank AG, Singapore Branch

  
v

  

Surewin Worldwide Ltd and others

[2021] SGHC 227

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 732 of 2016  
Vinodh Coomaraswamy J  
20–21, 25–28 August, 1–4, 8–9 September 2020, 29–30 March 2021

12 November 2021 Judgment reserved.

Vinodh Coomaraswamy J:

Introduction

1 In 2008, the plaintiff implemented an investment structure and a credit
structure for the second defendant. Under the investment structure, the second
defendant subscribed for all of the units in a dedicated unit trust. As
consideration for the subscription, the second defendant transferred
substantial assets into an account which the trustee of the unit trust had
opened with the plaintiff. Under the credit structure, the trustee pledged
those assets to the plaintiff to secure a credit facility which the plaintiff
extended to the first defendant.

2 The first defendant drew substantial sums on the credit facility. It now
owes the plaintiff more than US$194m. It is unable to repay any part of that
sum. The central issue in this action is whether the security which the
plaintiff took under the credit structure is valid and enforceable as against
the second defendant.

3 I have decided this action in favour of the plaintiff. I have accepted the
second defendant’s case that its act in subscribing for all of the units in
the unit trust was illegal under the law of Taiwan, the jurisdiction in which
the second defendant is incorporated and carried on business. But I have also
accepted the plaintiff’s case that it would be disproportionate in all the
circumstances to hold its security to be invalid or unenforceable.

4 I now set out the reasons for my decision.

Background

The parties

5 The plaintiff is a private bank incorporated in Switzerland. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) (“SOC”) at para 1.

It has branches worldwide, including in Singapore and in Hong Kong. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

SOC at para 1; Affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”) of Albert Chiu Sin
Chuen dated 30 June 2020 (“Chiu’s AEIC”) at para 9.

6 The first defendant is a special purpose company incorporated in the British
Virgin Islands (“BVI”). 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

SOC at para 2.

The first defendant’s sole nominee shareholder has declared that it holds its
shares in the first defendant on trust for the second defendant. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

18 Agreed Bundle (“AB”) 9659.

The first defendant was struck off the BVI companies register in 2015. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Chiu’s AEIC at para 5.

In that sense, therefore, it has ceased to be a legal person. I shall
nevertheless continue to use the present tense in referring to it.

7 The second defendant is a company incorporated in Taiwan. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

SOC at para 3.

Until 2014, it carried on business in Taiwan as a life insurer. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

SOC at para 3.

In 2014, Taiwan’s Financial Supervisory Commission (“the FSC”) appointed The
Taiwan Insurance Guaranty Fund (“TIGF”) as the second defendant’s receiver. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

SOC at para 3.

In 2016, the second defendant went into insolvent liquidation. TIGF was
appointed the second defendant’s liquidator. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

SOC at para 3.

8 The third defendant is a Singapore company engaged in the wealth structuring
business. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Third Defendant’s Defence and Defence Against Counterclaim (Amendment No 2)
(“D3D&DCC”) at para 1.

In 2012, the third defendant replaced the initial trustee of the unit trust.
The third defendant is an affiliate of the plaintiff. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

SOC at para 4.

The third defendant advances in this action a positive case that the
plaintiff’s security interest is valid and enforceable in Singapore law. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Third affidavit of Tan Kay Siong filed on 8 March 2018, paras 21 to 22.

In all other respects, the third defendant takes a neutral position in this
action.

The second defendant opens an account with the plaintiff

9 The facts relevant to this action begin in 2006. In that year, two Taiwanese
businessmen – Huang Cheng-I and Teng Wen-Chung – acquired 96% of the second
defendant. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Defence and Counterclaim of the Second Defendant (Amendment No 2) (“D&CC”) at
para 8.

In February 2007, Mr Huang was appointed as the second defendant’s chairman
and Mr Teng as its vice-chairman. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

D&CC at para 8.

10 In April 2007, Mr Teng approached one Jolene Wu Hsiao-Yun, a client
relationship officer at the plaintiff’s Hong Kong branch. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Chiu’s AEIC at [10]; 11 AB 5467 at para 8.

According to the plaintiff, Mr Teng told Ms Wu that he and Mr Huang wanted to
grow the second defendant’s assets through investment. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

11 AB 5468 at para 10.

11 Mr Teng’s approach to Ms Wu had two results. First, in May 2007, the second
defendant opened an account with the plaintiff’s Singapore branch (“the
Singfor Account”). 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

D&CC at para 10.

Second, in 2007 and 2008 the plaintiff implemented two investment structures
and one credit structure for the second defendant. For reasons which will
become apparent, I shall refer to the first investment structure as “the STAAP
Structure” and to the second investment structure as “the SFIP-1 Structure”.
Although the three structures are connected, the STAAP Structure has not given
rise to any disputes. Only the SFIP-1 Structure and the credit structure are
therefore the subject matter of this action.

The STAAP Structure

12 The STAAP Structure was established in 2007 by the following steps. The
second defendant subscribed for all the shares in a special purpose company
incorporated in the Bahamas named Singfor Tactical Asset Allocation Portfolio
SA (“STAAP”). STAAP opened an account with the plaintiff’s Singapore branch
(“the STAAP Account”). 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

19 AB 10156–10211.

The second defendant transferred substantial assets into the STAAP Account. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Chiu’s AEIC at para 48.

The plaintiff and the second defendant entered into a discretionary management
mandate under which the plaintiff undertook to manage the assets in the STAAP
Account for the second defendant (“the STAAP Mandate”). 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

20 AB 11099–11107.

The credit structure

13 The STAAP Structure was coupled with the credit structure. The credit
structure was intended to allow the first defendant to borrow money from the
plaintiff using the assets in the STAAP Account as security.

14 The credit structure was established as follows. In May 2007, the plaintiff
acquired two special purpose BVI companies for the second defendant. One of
these companies is the first defendant. The other is a company known as High
Grounds Assets International Ltd (“High Grounds”). 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

16 AB 8466–8467.

Upon acquisition, the nominee shareholder of each company declared that it
held the shares in each company on trust for Mr Teng and Mr Huang personally.
22

##### Foot Note 22

×

16 AB 8784, 8884–8885 and 8905–8906.

In June 2007, a month after acquisition, each company’s nominee shareholder
declared that it held its shares in each company on trust for the second
defendant. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

18 AB 9721–9722, 9840 and 9850.

There is no suggestion that that declaration of trust has ever been revoked or
superseded.

15 The first defendant and High Grounds each opened an account with the
plaintiff’s Singapore branch. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

17 AB 8955–8998 and 9059–9101.

I shall refer to these accounts respectively as “the Surewin Account” and “the
High Grounds Account”. In August 2007, the plaintiff extended a credit
facility (“the Facility”) to the first defendant “[f]or investments outside
the Bank”. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

21 AB 11293–11300.

In September 2007, STAAP pledged the assets in the STAAP Account to the
plaintiff as security for the Facility (“the STAAP Pledge”). 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Chiu’s AEIC at para 48.

The SFIP-1 Structure

16 Towards the end of 2007, Mr Teng approached the plaintiff’s James Lee. Mr
Lee was the Deputy Chief Executive Officer of the plaintiff’s parent company.
He was also a member of the plaintiff’s Executive Credit Committee and
attended meetings of the plaintiff’s Operating Credit Committee. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

AEIC of James Tak Him Lee dated 30 June 2020 (“Lee’s AEIC”) at paras 6 and 9.

Mr Teng sought Mr Lee’s assistance in restructuring the second defendant’s
investment portfolio and in boosting the second defendant’s investment
returns. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Lee’s AEIC at para 35.

Mr Lee approached one Richard Levinson, co-founder of Canaras Capital
Management LLC and Canaras LLC (collectively, “Canaras”), to design a solution
which would achieve Mr Teng’s objectives. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Lee’s AEIC at para 37.

17 In January 2008, Mr Huang retired and Mr Teng was appointed chairman of the
second defendant. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

AEIC of Chyou Syan-Cheng dated 1 July 2020 (“Chyou’s AEIC”) at paras 52–53.

Also in or around January 2008, Mr Teng acquired all of Mr Huang’s shares. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

AEIC of Chen Hsiu-Fang dated 14 July 2020 (“Chen Hsiu-Fang’s AEIC”) at para
63; 30 AB 16908.

As a result, Mr Teng was the second defendant’s single most senior executive
and its sole majority shareholder in and after January 2008.

18 Following the advice from Canaras, the SFIP-1 Structure was implemented in
2008 by the following steps. By a trust deed dated 7 March 2008 (“the Trust
Deed”), 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

25 AB 14091-14123.

the plaintiff established the dedicated unit trust in question (“the SFIP-1
Unit Trust”). Volaw Corporate Trustee Limited (“Volaw”) was appointed the
trustee of the SFIP-1 Unit Trust at inception. Volaw is incorporated in and
carries on business in Jersey. The Trust Deed is expressly governed by the
laws of Jersey.

19 Also on 7 March 2008, Volaw opened an account with the plaintiff’s
Singapore branch (“the SFIP-1 Account”). 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

26 AB 14168–14213.

On the same day, Volaw executed a document headed “Pledge of Assets as
Security” (“the SFIP-1 Pledge”). 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

25 AB 14058–14065.

It is the validity and enforceability of the SFIP-1 Pledge which is the
central issue in this action. Despite the title of the document which Volaw
executed and the abbreviation I have adopted, the security interest which this
document created is a charge and not in truth a pledge.

20 By cl 2 of the SFIP-1 Pledge, in consideration of the plaintiff extending
the Facility to the first defendant, Volaw charged “the Pledged Assets” to the
plaintiff as continuing security for the due payment of all of the first
defendant’s liabilities to the plaintiff. The SFIP-1 Pledge defines “Pledged
Assets” as all of Volaw’s present and future interest in all assets which were
to come into the possession of or under the control of the plaintiff for
Volaw’s account. The SFIP-1 Pledge thereby charged the present and future
contents of the SFIP-1 Account to the plaintiff as security for all of the
first defendant’s debts. The SFIP-1 Pledge is expressly governed by Singapore
law and confers non-exclusive jurisdiction on the courts of Singapore.

21 On 8 March 2008, Mr Teng issued letters addressed to EFG Bank and to Volaw
consenting to the SFIP-1 Pledge (“the Consent Letters”). The signature block
of these letters indicate that he claimed to sign them “for and on behalf of”
the second defendant and in his capacity as the second defendant’s chairman.
35

##### Foot Note 35

×

26 AB 14267–14268.

22 In April 2008, the second defendant subscribed for all of the units in the
SFIP-1 Unit Trust. As consideration for the subscription, the second defendant
transferred bonds worth US$148.8m from the Singfor Account to the SFIP-1
Account. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

27 AB 14966–14967.

23 On the same day, the second defendant granted the plaintiff a discretionary
investment management mandate in respect of the assets in the SFIP-1 Account
(“the SFIP-1 Mandate”). 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

27 AB 14989–15003.

The SFIP-1 Mandate is expressly governed by Taiwanese law and contains an
arbitration agreement stipulating that disputes under that contract are to be
resolved by arbitration in Taiwan.

24 The second defendant subscribed on several later occasions for additional
units in the SFIP-1 Unit Trust. As consideration for one of these
subscriptions, the second defendant transferred all of the assets in the STAAP
Account into the SFIP-1 Account. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

37 AB 20695 and 21002–21007.

The STAAP Structure was then terminated. The STAAP Structure and the STAAP
Pledge do not give rise to any dispute.

25 Between 2008 and 2012, the plaintiff increased the credit limit under
Facility in stages, from US$30m to US$240m. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

25 AB 13773; 48 AB 27465.

The first defendant drew substantial sums against the Facility. All of those
sums were paid to third parties for the personal benefit of Mr Teng rather
than for the corporate benefit of the second defendant.

26 In 2012, the third defendant replaced Volaw as the trustee of the SFIP-1
Unit Trust. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

37 AB 21113–21122.

The third defendant is therefore also the chargor under the SFIP-1 Pledge.

The second defendant goes into receivership

27 TIGF took control of the second defendant in August 2014. Following its
investigations, TIGF caused the second defendant to terminate the SFIP-1
Mandate in November 2014. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

56 AB 31653.

28 In February 2015, the plaintiff declared events of default under the
Facility and terminated it. At the same time, the plaintiff terminated a
separate, smaller credit facility that it had granted to the first defendant.
42

##### Foot Note 42

×

58 AB 32817–23818.

The plaintiff has recovered a total sum of US$32.12m through rights of
recourse apart from the SFIP-1 Pledge. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

SOC at paras 18–19.

The plaintiff applied these recoveries to discharge in full the first
defendant’s liability under the smaller credit facility and then to discharge
in part the first defendant’s liability under the Facility.

29 As of December 2015, US$199.7m remained due from the first defendant to the
plaintiff under the Facility. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

SOC at para 20.

30 In December 2015, the plaintiff commenced action in Singapore against Mr
Teng, seeking to recover that full sum under an indemnity which he had given
to the plaintiff in January 2012 in respect of the first defendant’s
liabilities. In February 2017, the plaintiff secured summary judgment against
Mr Teng for the sum of US$199.7m plus interest and costs: 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

HC/ORC 1241/2017 in HC/S 1297/2015.

see at first instance EFG Bank AG, Singapore Branch v Teng Wen-Chung [2017]
SGHC 318 (“EFG Bank v Teng”) and on appeal Teng Wen-Chung v EFG Bank AG,
Singapore Branch [2018] 2 SLR 1145 (“Teng v EFG Bank”). This judgment against
Mr Teng remains wholly unsatisfied. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions dated 30 October 2020 (“PCS”) at para 25.

31 In 2016, Mr Teng and Mr Huang were prosecuted in Taiwan for criminal breach
of trust and money laundering. The subject matter of the charges against them
included their conduct in connection with the SFIP-1 Structure, the SFIP-1
Pledge and the Facility. In 2019, after appeals and a retrial, they were both
found guilty and sentenced to lengthy terms of imprisonment. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

SOC at para 38; D2CS at para 100, n 134.

32 The assets in the SFIP-1 Account have been realised. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

D2CS at para 5, n 1.

The account now holds US$194.57m in cash, 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

AEIC of Ian Osborn dated 1 July 2020 (“Osborn’s AEIC”) at para 12; Transcript,
30 March 2021, at p 1, lines 17–22.

plus accrued interest.

33 In July 2016, the plaintiff commenced this action against the first and
second defendants. In March 2018, the plaintiff joined the third defendant to
this action. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

HC/ORC 1970/2018.

The basis for the joinder was that the third defendant – as the current
trustee of the SFIP-1 Unit Trust and as the chargor under the SFIP-1 Pledge –
was a necessary and proper party to this action, given that the second
defendant’s defence challenges the validity and enforceability of the SFIP-1
Pledge.

Relief sought

34 The only substantive relief which the plaintiff seeks by its claim is a
declaration that the SFIP-1 Pledge is valid and enforceable. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

SOC at p 28, prayer 1.

35 The second defendant brings a counterclaim against the plaintiff and the
third defendant. The only substantive relief which the second defendant seeks
by its counterclaim are two declarations to the opposite effect of the
declaration which the plaintiff seeks: (a) a declaration that the assets in
the SFIP-1 Account are not subject to the SFIP-1 Pledge; 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

D&CC at p 70, prayer 1A.

and (b) a declaration that the third defendant holds the assets in the SFIP-1
Account on trust for the second defendant. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

D&CC at p 70, prayer 1.

The second defendant also seeks by counterclaim an order that the third
defendant terminate the SFIP-1 Unit Trust or any trust relationship with the
second defendant and return the assets in the SFIP-1 Account to the second
defendant. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

D&CC at p 70, prayer 2.

36 The plaintiff advances a counterclaim to the second defendant’s
counterclaim. It relies on this if I find that the plaintiff’s claim fails and
the second defendant’s counterclaim succeeds. By its counterclaim to the
counterclaim, the plaintiff seeks either damages against the second defendant
equal to the value of the assets in the SFIP-1 Account or an indemnity for the
loss it will suffer by reason of the SFIP-1 Pledge being held to be invalid or
unenforceable. The plaintiff claims this relief on three grounds: (a) that the
second defendant is liable to the plaintiff in misrepresentation; (b) that the
second defendant is vicariously liable for Mr Teng’s and Mr Huang’s fraud or
unauthorised activities; and (c) that the second defendant breached its
contract with the plaintiff by failing to prevent Mr Teng’s and Mr Huang’s
fraud or unauthorised activities. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Plaintiff’s Reply and Defence to Counterclaim (Amendment No 4) (“R&DCC”) at
para 122.

Issues to be determined

37 This entire action turns on a single central issue: whether the SFIP-1
Pledge is valid and enforceable under Singapore law.

38 It is undisputed that the SFIP-1 Pledge is an authentic document 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

PCS at para 30.

and that it is, under Singapore law, a validly formed contract. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Transcript, 30 March 2021, at p 5, lines 1–2.

39 The second defendant mounts its challenge to the SFIP-1 Pledge by impugning
both its contractual effect and its proprietary effect. On its contractual
effect, the second defendant argues that the second defendant’s subscription
for all of the units in the SFIP-1 Unit Trust and Mr Teng’s consent to the
SFIP-1 Pledge are illegal under Taiwanese law. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

D&CC at paras 105, 108–109 and 111.

On the proprietary effect of the SFIP-1 Pledge, the second defendant argues
that the security interest it creates in the plaintiff’s favour ranks after
the second defendant’s beneficial interest in the assets in the SFIP-1
Account. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

D&CC at para 113(2).

40 On the first ground of challenge, the second defendant also takes an
overarching preliminary point. In August 2016, the second defendant commenced
an arbitration in Taiwan against the plaintiff under the arbitration agreement
in the SFIP-1 Mandate (see [23] above). 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

2 AB 904–908.

In 2018, the tribunal delivered its final award, finding in the second
defendant’s favour (“the Taiwanese Award”). 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

D&CC at paras 69 and 76–77; 8 AB 4201–4375.

The second defendant’s preliminary point is that the Taiwanese Award’s
findings on certain issues of relevance in this action give rise to an issue
estoppel preventing the plaintiff from relitigating those issues now.

41 There are therefore three broad issues for me to determine:

(a) Does the Taiwanese Award give rise to any issue estoppel against the
plaintiff?

(b) Does the plaintiff’s security interest under the SFIP-1 Pledge rank after
the second defendant’s beneficial interest in the assets in the SFIP-1
Account?

(c) Is the SFIP-1 Pledge unenforceable by reason of illegality under Taiwanese
law?

42 I deal with each of these three broad issues in turn.

Issue estoppel

The arbitration

43 In the arbitration, the second defendant’s case was that the express terms
of the SFIP-1 Mandate obliged the plaintiff to return to the second defendant,
upon the second defendant’s termination of the mandate (see [27] above), all
of the assets which the second defendant had placed under the plaintiff’s
management pursuant to the mandate. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

D2RS at para 59; 10 AB 5250, line 23 to 5251, line 20.

The second defendant accordingly asked the tribunal to order the plaintiff to
return the assets in the SFIP-1 Account to the second defendant. The third
defendant was not, of course, a party to the arbitration, not being a party to
the SFIP-1 Mandate or to the arbitration agreement which it contains.

44 In response, the plaintiff’s case in the arbitration was as follows:

(a) The plaintiff could not return the assets because they were now owned in
law by the third defendant as the trustee of the SFIP-1 Unit Trust. If the
second defendant wished to recover title to the assets, it therefore ought to
bring a claim against the third defendant under the Trust Deed. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

10 AB 5297 at para 39.1.

(b) Any contractual right which the second defendant may have had under the
SFIP-1 Mandate to recover the assets and any property right the second
defendant might have in those assets under the Trust Deed were subordinate to
the plaintiff’s security interest in those assets “by virtue of the terms of
the SFIP-1 Pledge and under Singapore law”. That security interest entitled
the plaintiff to apply the assets in satisfaction of the sums due under the
Facility notwithstanding the terms of the SFIP-1 Mandate and the Trust Deed.
64

##### Foot Note 64

×

10 AB 5297 at para 39.2.

The plaintiff maintained throughout the arbitration that the tribunal should
make no finding on whether the SFIP-1 Pledge was valid and enforceable under
Singapore law because the Singapore courts were the proper forum to determine
that issue under the express terms of the SFIP-1 Pledge (see [20] above). 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

9 AB 4539–4540 at para 43; 8 AB 4316 at para 18.

45 The tribunal accepted the second defendant’s submissions. The Taiwanese
Award therefore ordered the plaintiff to pay to the second defendant
US$193.8m, being the assets in the SFIP-1 Account at that time, together with
interest. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

8 AB 4203.

46 The second defendant submits that the Taiwanese Award contains six findings
in the second defendant’s favour, all of which the plaintiff is estopped from
relitigating in this action: 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

D&CC at paras 69 and 76–77; D2CS at para 104.

(a) First, that the second defendant’s subscription to shares in STAAP
breached Taiwanese law (“the STAAP Illegality Finding”). 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

13 AB 7073–7075 at paras IIA(3)(e) and IIA(3)(g).

(b) Second, that the second defendant’s subscription to units in the SFIP-1
Unit Trust breached Taiwanese law (“the SFIP-1 Illegality Finding”). 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

D&CC at para 106; 13 AB 7074–7075 at paras IIA(3)(f) and IIA(3)(g).

(c) Third, that the breach of Taiwanese law on the first and second findings
rendered the second defendant’s subscription for shares in STAAP and for units
in the SFIP-1 Unit Trust void ab initio and not merely unenforceable (“the
Subscription Voidness Finding”). 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

13 AB 7077–7078 at para IIB(3)(c).

(d) Fourth, that the SFIP-1 Pledge breached Taiwanese law, with the result
that the assets that the second defendant had transferred into the SFIP-1
Account never ceased to be the second defendant’s property (“the Pledge
Illegality Finding”). 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

D&CC at para 110; 13 AB 7081 at paras IIC(1) and IIC(2).

(e) Fifth, that the breach of Taiwanese law on the fourth finding rendered the
SFIP-1 Pledge void ab initio and not merely unenforceable (“the Pledge
Voidness Finding”). 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

13 AB 7081–7082 at para IIC(3).

(f) Sixth, that Ms Wu was aware that the money which the plaintiff was going
to lend the first defendant under the Facility against the security of the
SFIP-1 Pledge would be transferred to third parties for the personal benefit
of Mr Teng rather than for the corporate benefit of the second defendant (“the
Knowledge Finding”). 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

13 AB 7087, 7088 at paras IIF(2)(c) and IIF(2)(e).

The law

47 The starting point for the test which determines whether an issue estoppel
has arisen from a foreign adjudication (transnational issue estoppel), is the
test which determines whether an issue estoppel has arisen from a local
adjudication (domestic issue estoppel). Both parties therefore take as their
starting point the test for domestic issue estoppel which the Court of Appeal
set out in Lee Tat Development Pte Ltd v Management Corporation of Strata
Title Plan No 301 [2005] 3 SLR(R) 157 (“Lee Tat”).

48 It was held in Lee Tat at ([14]–[15]) that a domestic issue estoppel arises
if the earlier adjudication satisfies four conditions:

(a) It is a final and conclusive judgment on the merits;

(b) The judgment was entered by a court of competent jurisdiction;

(c) There is identity of parties; and

(d) There is identity of subject matter.

49 This test is modified in two ways when applied to transnational issue
estoppel: Merck Sharp & Dohme Corp (formerly known as Merck & Co, Inc) v Merck
KGaA (formerly known as E Merck) [2021] 1 SLR 1102 (“Merck”) at [35]. First,
the foreign court must have had transnational jurisdiction over the party said
to be bound by the estoppel. Second, there must be no defence to recognition
of the foreign judgment in Singapore.

50 At the outset, I should note a quirk of timing. The second defendant
commenced the arbitration in August 2016, a month after the plaintiff
commenced this action. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Transcript, 29 March 2021, at p 113, lines 12–16.

That is not, in itself, a ground for rejecting the Taiwanese Award as being
capable of giving rise to an issue estoppel. That would be the result only if
the second defendant’s conduct in securing the Taiwanese Award could be
characterised as an abuse of process (Jixin Xu v Wei Wang (2019) 58 VR 536 at
[107(d)]). The plaintiff does not suggest that the second defendant is guilty
of any such abuse.

51 I now deal with the elements of a transnational issue estoppel. It is
convenient to begin with identity of parties.

Identity of parties

52 There is identity of parties in so far as the second defendant is
concerned. The second defendant was the claimant in the arbitration and is a
party to this action.

53 There is also identity of parties in so far as the plaintiff is concerned.
The respondents in the arbitration were named as “EFG Bank AG” and “EFG Bank
AG, Hong Kong Branch”. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

8 AB 4072.

The plaintiff in this action is named as “EFG Bank AG, Singapore branch”.
These differences of nomenclature carry no legal or procedural significance
for present purposes. EFG Bank AG is a single bank and a single legal person.
The branches of a bank are simply different aspects of that single legal
person: see TMT Co Ltd v The Royal Bank of Scotland plc (trading as RBS
Greenwich Futures) and others [2018] 3 SLR 70 at [53]. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

D2CS at para 111; Second Defendant’s Reply Closing Submissions to Plaintiff’s
Closing Submissions dated 4 December 2020 (“D2RS”) at para 62.

54 The plaintiff submits, however, that identity of parties is absent because
the third defendant was not a party to the arbitration but is a party to this
action. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

R&DCC at para 72.1; PCS at paras 189–191.

55 On the question of identity of parties, the court will “[look] past the
form to consider whether, in substance, the parties involved in the two sets
of proceedings [are] effectively the same”: Koh Sin Chong Freddie v Singapore
Swimming Club [2015] 1 SLR 1240 at [110], citing Lee Tat at [14] and Goh
Nellie v Goh Lian Teck and others [2007] 1 SLR(R) 453 (“Goh Nellie”) at [33].
Identity of parties is present if the parties are identical in relation to the
issue on which the issue estoppel is said to arise: Griffin Real Estate
Investment Holdings Pte Ltd (in liquidation) v ERC Unicampus Pte Ltd [2019] 5
SLR 105 at [19]. It is only the principal players in both proceedings who need
to be effectively identical: Cost Engineers (SEA) Pte Ltd v Chan Siew Lun
[2016] 1 SLR 137 (“Cost Engineers”) at [58], citing Goh Nellie at [33].

56 The plaintiff’s argument proceeds as follows. The third defendant is a
principal player because it has an interest in the outcome of this action. It
is the trustee of the SFIP-1 Unit Trust and is therefore the legal owner of
the assets in the SFIP-1 Account. It is the chargor under the SFIP-1 Pledge.
Further, the third defendant is not merely a nominal defendant in this action.
It advances a positive case that the SFIP-1 Pledge is valid and enforceable.
78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions dated 4 December 2020 (“PRS”) at para 29.

The position of the third defendant as the SFIP-1 Unit Trust’s trustee is
especially important in this action because the second defendant’s case
implies that the trustee acted in breach of trust in executing the SFIP-1
Pledge (as I have indeed found: see [149] below). 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

Transcript, 29 March 2021, at p 110, lines 13–17.

In fact, the second defendant itself acknowledged in earlier interlocutory
proceedings in which it challenged jurisdiction and service that the third
defendant was a necessary and proper party to this action. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

PRS at para 29; HC/ORC 7452/2017; Notes of Argument in HC/SUM 3218/2017 dated
30 August 2017 at p 22, lines 13–15.

57 I do not accept the plaintiff’s submission. A party to the later
proceedings who was not a party to the earlier proceedings is not a principal
player simply because it has an interest in the outcome of the later
proceedings. In Cost Engineers (at [58]), Steven Chong J (as he then was)
cited Jaidin bin Jaiman v Loganathan a/l Karpaya and another [2013] 1 SLR 318
(“Jaidin bin Jaiman”) to illustrate the meaning of “principal players”. In
Jaidin bin Jaiman, a court had apportioned liability as between a motorcyclist
and a driver in proceedings to which they were the only parties. The
motorcyclist’s pillion rider then brought fresh proceedings against the
motorcyclist and the driver. The court held that the apportionment of
liability in the earlier proceedings was res judicata as between the
motorcyclist and the driver: Jaidin bin Jaiman at [11]. The requirement of
identity of parties was satisfied because the pillion rider did not contribute
to the accident and thus could not have affected the apportionment of
liability between the motorcyclist and the driver in the earlier proceedings:
Jaidin bin Jaiman at [7]. On the issue of apportionment, therefore, the
pillion rider was not a principal player. Identity of parties was not absent
simply because the pillion rider had an interest in the outcome of the later
proceedings.

58 The third defendant is not a principal player in relation to the tribunal’s
findings on any of the six issues on which the second defendant now seeks to
rely. That is because the only interest which the third defendant has in this
action, as established by the only positive case which it advances in this
action, is on the issue of whether the SFIP-1 Pledge is valid and enforceable
under Singapore law. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

D2CS at para 17.

That is not any one of the six issues on which the second defendant relies as
giving rise to an issue estoppel.

59 Identity of parties is therefore present for the purposes of considering
whether the Taiwanese Award gives rise to transnational issue estoppel. The
plaintiff and the second defendant are the only principal players with respect
to the six issues on which the second defendant relies as giving rise to a
transnational issue estoppel.

Identity of issues

60 The plaintiff submits that there is no identity of issues, 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

PCS at para 192.

or at least no full identity of issues, because Jersey law and Singapore law
are relevant to the validity and enforceability of the SFIP-1 Pledge but were
not considered in the Taiwanese Award. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

Transcript, 29 March 2021, at p 111, lines 7–20.

61 Full identity of issues is not required for an issue estoppel to arise. But
the determination said to give rise to an issue estoppel must have been
“fundamental and not merely collateral to the previous decision so that the
decision could not stand without that determination”: Goh Nellie at [35],
cited in Merck at [40]. The determination should not be merely a “[step] in a
process of reasoning tending to establish or support the proposition upon
which the rights depend”: Goh Nellie at [36]–[37], citing Blair v Curran
(1939) 62 CLR 464 at 532.

62 Whether a determination is fundamental or merely collateral to a decision
is assessed bearing in mind the balance between the public interest in
finality in litigation and the private interest in not foreclosing a litigant
from arguing an issue that, in substance, was not the central issue determined
in previous proceedings: Goh Nellie at [37]. Further, in defining the issues
in both proceedings, the court should interpret the decisions of a foreign
legal system cautiously, particularly in ascertaining what was actually
decided and whether the issue in question was necessary or merely collateral
to the decision: Merck at [40], citing Carl Zeiss Stiftung v Rayner & Keeler
Ltd and Others (No 2) [1967] 1 AC 853 at 918.

63 The second defendant does not explain how the STAAP Illegality Finding was
fundamental to the tribunal’s decision. But the plaintiff does not allege that
it was not. I therefore need not say any more about this finding.

64 I accept the second defendant’s submission that the SFIP-1 Illegality
Finding, the Subscription Voidness Finding, the Pledge Illegality Finding and
the Pledge Voidness Finding were fundamental to the tribunal’s decision in the
Taiwanese Award. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

D2CS at paras 117(a)–117(b).

The chain of reasoning from the tribunal’s findings to its decision may be
summarised as follows:

(a) The tribunal made the SFIP-1 Illegality Finding.

(b) Given the SFIP-1 Illegality Finding, the tribunal made the Subscription
Voidness Finding.

(c) Given the Subscription Voidness Finding, the tribunal found that the
assets in the SFIP-1 Account remained the second defendant’s property.

(d) Given that the assets in the SFIP-1 Account remained the second
defendant’s property, the tribunal made the Pledge Illegality Finding.

(e) Given the Pledge Illegality Finding, and the finding that the effect of
violating Taiwanese law was voidness ab initio rather than mere
unenforceability, the Tribunal made the Pledge Voidness Finding.

(f) The tribunal found that the loss that the plaintiff would suffer if
ordered to return the assets was not unfair because the direct cause of the
plaintiff’s loss was its acts in transferring the money which the plaintiff
advanced to the first defendant under the Facility out of the first
defendant’s account to third parties for the personal benefit of Mr Teng.

(g) The tribunal therefore decided that the plaintiff remained bound by the
express terms of the SFIP-1 Mandate to recover the assets in the SFIP-1
Account from the third defendant and return them to the second defendant.

65 The second defendant also submits that the Knowledge Finding was
fundamental to the tribunal’s decision, and in particular to the finding at
[64(f)] above. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

D2CS at para 117(c).

I do not accept that submission. The finding at [64(f)] above was premised on
a number of separate findings. The Knowledge Finding was only one of them. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

13 AB 7084–7089 at para IIF.

The second defendant does not explain how the Knowledge Finding was
fundamental to the finding at [64(f)] above.

Defences to recognition

66 It is not disputed that a foreign arbitral award is capable of giving rise
to a transnational issue estoppel. The Taiwanese Award is therefore to be
treated for this purpose as the equivalent of a final and conclusive judgment
of a foreign court. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

Second Defendant’s Further Written Submissions dated 19 February 2021 (“D2SS”)
at para 13.

The question before me is whether there are any defences to the recognition in
Singapore of the Taiwanese Award.

67 The plaintiff submits that the Taiwanese Award does not give rise to any
issue estoppel in this action because the plaintiff has defences to the
recognition in Singapore of the award. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

PCS at para 185.

Those defences are that the tribunal issued the Taiwanese Award in excess of
jurisdiction and in breach of natural justice.

68 The plaintiff has challenged the Taiwanese Award on two previous occasions.
The first failed and the second succeeded. First, in February 2018, the
plaintiff applied to set the award aside in Taiwan. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

8 AB 4376–4385.

That application failed at first instance and on appeal. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

Kuo-Bin Lin’s 11th affidavit at para 8.

The Taiwanese courts held that there were no grounds under Taiwanese law on
which to set the award aside. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

Kuo-Bin Lin’s 11th affidavit at p 185, paras E(5)– H.

Second, in October 2018, the plaintiff challenged the second defendant’s
attempt to enforce the award in Hong Kong. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

8 AB 4395–4400.

In November 2020, the Hong Kong Court of First Instance (“HK CFI”) found that
the tribunal had rendered the award in excess of jurisdiction and in breach of
natural justice. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

Saw Teng Sheng’s 2nd affidavit at para 5; p 32, para 58; p 48, para 96.

In January 2021, the HK CFI refused the second defendant’s application for
leave to appeal against its decision. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

Saw Teng Sheng’s 3rd affidavit at para 5.

69 These foreign judgments cannot, of course, bind me on the issue of whether
the plaintiff has defences to the recognition of the Taiwanese Award. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

Plaintiff’s Supplemental Submissions on Hong Kong and Taiwan Court Decisions
dated 19 February 2021 (“PSS”) at para 4; D2SS at paras [5(b)]–[5(c)].

Further, no party argues that either of these foreign judgments raise any sort
of issue estoppel on the enforceability or otherwise of the Taiwanese Award.
96

##### Foot Note 96

×

Transcript, 29 March 2021, at p 115, lines 15–22; Transcript, 30 March 2021,
at p 133, line 22 to p 134, line 13.

The submission is, instead, that I can adopt the reasoning of either the
Taiwanese courts or the HK CFI on the issue of defences to recognition to the
extent that I find that reasoning persuasive. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

Transcript, 30 March 2021, at p 131, lines 7–8.

Pleadings objection

70 The second defendant takes a preliminary objection on the plaintiff’s
pleadings. The second defendant objects to the plaintiff relying on the breach
of natural justice ground 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

Second Defendant’s Further Reply Written Submissions (“D2SRS”) at paras 12–14.

as a defence to recognition because the plaintiff has not pleaded this ground.

71 The second defendant bears the burden of establishing the issue estoppel on
which it relies. However, O 18 r 8(1) of the Rules of Court (2014 Rev Ed)
obliges the plaintiff to plead specifically the grounds on which it relies to
argue that no issue estoppel arises. These grounds include the defences to
recognition on which it intends to rely.

72 The HK CFI’s judgment in which it found that the tribunal had breached
natural justice was delivered only after the parties had filed their closing
submissions in this action. To that extent, the natural justice ground could
be said to be a supervening event that the plaintiff could not possibly have
pleaded. Nevertheless, I accept the second defendant’s submission 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

Transcript, 30 March 2021, at p 132, lines 2–6.

that breach of natural justice is a well-established ground in Singapore law
on which to challenge an award. The plaintiff therefore did not need to see
the HK CFI’s reasoning in its judgment in order to decide whether to plead a
breach of natural justice as a defence to recognition.

73 I accept also that the second defendant would suffer prejudice for which it
cannot be compensated by costs if the case it has to meet on recognition were
now to include the unpleaded breach of natural justice ground. As the second
defendant points out, not all of the material from the arbitration is in
evidence before me. The material which is in evidence before me was selected
on the basis of relevance to the pleadings. Those pleadings did not raise the
natural justice ground. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

Transcript, 30 March 2021, at p 132, lines 7–23.

74 I therefore hold that the plaintiff is bound by its pleadings to advance
only the excess of jurisdiction ground as a defence to recognition.

Excess of jurisdiction

75 The plaintiff argues that the tribunal exceeded its jurisdiction in making
the SFIP-1 Illegality Finding, the Subscription Voidness Finding, the Pledge
Illegality Finding and the Pledge Voidness Finding. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

PCS at para 185.

76 An award issued by a tribunal seated in Taiwan is enforced in Singapore
under s 46(1) read with s 46(3) of the Arbitration Act (Cap 10, 2002 Rev Ed)
and not under Part III of the International Arbitration Act (Cap 143A, 2002
Rev Ed) (“the IAA”). That is because Taiwan is not a contracting party to the
New York Convention: Arbitration in Singapore: A Practical Guide (Sundaresh
Menon ed-in-chief) (Sweet & Maxwell, 2nd Ed, 2018) (“Arbitration in
Singapore”) at para 14.082. I proceed on the basis that the grounds for
refusing enforcement under s 46 of the Arbitration Act are the same as the
grounds set out in Art 36(1) of the UNCITRAL Model Law on International
Commercial Arbitration (“the Model Law”): see Arbitration in Singapore at para
14.083. In PT First Media TBK (formerly known as PT Broadband Multimedia TBK)
v Astro Nusantara International BV and others and another appeal [2014] 1 SLR
372, the Court of Appeal held (at [84]) that the grounds for refusing
enforcement under s 19 of the IAA of an international arbitration seated in
Singapore are the same as the grounds set out in Art 36(1) of the Model Law.
Those grounds should apply equally to enforcement under s 46 of the
Arbitration Act: Arbitration in Singapore at para 14.026.

77 Excess of jurisdiction is therefore a defence to the enforcement of the
Taiwanese Award in Singapore. Article 36(1)(a)(iii) of the Model Law provides
that a Singapore court may refuse to recognise or enforce an award if:

the award deals with a dispute not contemplated by or not falling within the
terms of the submission to arbitration, or it contains decisions on matters
beyond the scope of the submission to arbitration, provided that, if the
decisions on matters submitted to arbitration can be separated from those not
so submitted, that part of the award which contains decisions on matters
submitted to arbitration may be recognised and enforced ...

[emphasis added]

78 Determining whether an award contains decisions on matters beyond the scope
of the submission to arbitration for the purpose of recognising or enforcing
the award under Art 36(1)(a)(iii) of the Model Law is analogous to determining
whether to set aside an award on that ground under Art 34(2)(a)(iii) of the
Model Law. The determination involves a two-stage process (see CRW Joint
Operation v PT Perusahaan Gas Negara (Persero) TBK [2011] 4 SLR 305 at [30],
citing PT Asuransi Jasa Indonesia (Persero) v Dexia Bank SA [2007] 1 SLR(R)
597 (“PT Asuransi (CA)”) at [40] and [44]):

(a) First, the court must determine what matters were within the scope of the
submission to the tribunal; and

(b) Second, the court must determine whether the award involved those matters,
or whether it involved “a new difference … outside the scope of the submission
to arbitration and accordingly … irrelevant to the issues requiring
determination” [emphasis in original].

79 In its request for arbitration, the second defendant asserted its primary
claim that the express terms of the SFIP-1 Mandate obliged the plaintiff to
return the assets upon termination of the SFIP-1 Mandate. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

D2RS at para 59; 10 AB 5250, line 23 to 5251, line 20.

The second defendant also asserted that the SFIP-1 Pledge afforded the
plaintiff no excuse for failing to comply with this obligation because the
SFIP-1 Pledge was void under Singapore law for lack of consideration.

80 Before me, the second defendant submits the plaintiff’s case in the
arbitration was that the SFIP-1 Mandate was only one agreement out of a single
composite transaction comprising a suite of agreements which also included the
Trust Deed and the SFIP-1 Pledge, and that the plaintiff’s rights and the
second defendant’s obligations under this single composite transaction gave
the plaintiff a defence to the second defendant’s claim. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

D2RS at para 60; D2SRS at para 29(b).

On this basis, the second defendant now submits that the tribunal acted within
its jurisdiction in arriving at its findings on the four issues (see [75]
above).

81 I do not accept the second defendant’s submission. I find the analysis of
the Taiwanese Award undertaken by the HK CFI to be persuasive. The arbitration
agreement in the SFIP-1 Mandate confined the tribunal’s jurisdiction to
disputes arising out of or in connection with the SFIP-1 Mandate. That
contractual relationship was governed by Taiwanese law. The arbitration
agreement did not give the tribunal jurisdiction to make any determinations
binding on the plaintiff and the second defendant with regard to the Trust
Deed or the SFIP-1 Pledge. Each of those is a separate instrument with its own
dispute resolution clause. Further, the second defendant is not privy to any
of those instruments. The Trust Deed is a unilateral declaration of trust by
Volaw. The SFIP-1 Pledge is the unilateral creation of a security interest by
Volaw (now, the third defendant) in favour of the plaintiff.

82 The tribunal would have acted within its jurisdiction if it had confined
itself to making the STAAP Illegality Finding, 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

13 AB 7073–7075 at paras IIA(3)(e) and IIA(3)(g).

the SFIP-1 Illegality Finding 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

D&CC at para 106; 13 AB 7074–7075 at paras IIA(3)(f) and IIA(3)(g).

and the Pledge Illegality Finding 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

D&CC at para 110; 13 AB 7081 at paras IIC(1) and IIC(2).

as matters of Taiwanese law in order to determine a dispute which engaged only
the terms of the SFIP-1 Mandate under Taiwanese law. But the tribunal exceeded
its jurisdiction when it purported to make these findings as having general
effect, ie as having effect beyond Taiwanese law and on contracts beyond the
SFIP-1 Mandate. Furthermore, the tribunal had no jurisdiction whatsoever to
make the Subscription Voidness Finding 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

13 AB 7077–7078 at para IIB(3)(c).

and the Pledge Voidness Finding. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

13 AB 7081–7082 at para IIC(3).

Those findings touch on contracts entirely outside the scope of the parties’
reference to arbitration. To the extent that the tribunal’s findings go beyond
the SFIP-1 Mandate as a matter of Taiwanese law, those findings were outside
the tribunal’s jurisdiction.

83 If the tribunal had not exceeded its jurisdiction in this way, it could not
have arrived at its ultimate decision that the SFIP-1 Mandate obliged the
plaintiff to recover US$193.8m from the third defendant and return it to the
second defendant. That ultimate decision required both the Subscription
Voidness Finding and the Pledge Voidness Finding in order to negate the
proprietary consequences of the Trust Deed under Jersey law and of the SFIP-1
Pledge under Singapore law.

84 The plaintiff has therefore established that it has a defence to
recognition in Singapore of the Taiwanese Award on these four issues (see [75]
above). As a result, no issue estoppel can arise against the plaintiff in this
action on those issues.

85 I now turn to consider the two grounds on which the second defendant
challenges the SFIP-1 Pledge free of any issue estoppel. I begin with the
proprietary consequences of the SFIP-1 Pledge and the question of priorities.

Priorities

Pleadings objection

86 The second defendant advances two arguments to support its submission that
the plaintiff took its security interest under the SFIP-1 Pledge in the assets
in the SFIP-1 Account subject to the second defendant’s beneficial interest in
those assets. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

D2CS at para 180.

First, the second defendant argues that, if the plaintiff has a legal security
interest, it was not a bona fide purchaser of that legal interest for value
without notice of the second defendant’s beneficial interest. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

D2CS at paras 16 and 188.

Second, the second defendant argues that, if the plaintiff has an equitable
security interest, that equitable interest is postponed to the second
defendant’s later equitable interest because the plaintiff was guilty of
inequitable conduct. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

D2CS at paras 16 and 194.

87 The plaintiff accepts that the second defendant has at least obliquely
pleaded the first argument. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

Transcript, 29 March 2021, at p 76, lines 17–20; p 96, lines 1–6.

But the plaintiff submits that the second defendant has not pleaded the second
argument: it has not even obliquely pleaded either the rule of inequitable
conduct on which it relies or any particulars of the plaintiff’s inequitable
conduct on which it relies. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

Transcript, 29 March 2021, at p 76, line 10 to p 77, line 5.

In response, the second defendant submits that the second argument is
fundamentally a question of priorities and that it has adequately pleaded the
issue of priorities by pleading that the plaintiff took the SFIP-1 Pledge
subject to the second defendant’s equitable interest in the underlying assets.
114

##### Foot Note 114

×

D2RS at para 69(c); Transcript, 30 March 2021, at p 78, lines 2–7.

88 I accept the plaintiff’s submission that the second defendant has not
pleaded the material facts necessary to give the plaintiff adequate notice of
the case it has to meet on the second argument. I therefore hold the second
defendant to its pleaded case and consider only its first argument: whether
the plaintiff is a bona fide purchaser for value without notice of a legal
interest in the assets in the SFIP-1 Account.

The issues

89 It is common ground that the second defendant has a beneficial interest in
the assets in the SFIP-1 Account. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

D&CC at para 113(1); R&DCC at para 113.

Volaw was the original trustee of the SFIP-1 Unit Trust and was the
plaintiff’s customer in respect of the SFIP-1 Account. Volaw became the legal
owner of the assets in the SFIP-1 Account when the second defendant subscribed
for units in the SFIP-1 Unit Trust and transferred its assets into the SFIP-1
Account as consideration. As the second defendant points out, 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

Second Defendant’s Reply Closing Submissions to Third Defendant’s Closing
Submissions (“D2RS-D3”) at para 14.

Volaw declared the second defendant to be the beneficial owner of the SFIP-1
Account when it opened the SFIP-1 Account. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

25 AB 13998.

The third defendant made the same declaration when it succeeded Volaw as
trustee. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

44 AB 24849.

90 The plaintiff’s security interest under the SFIP-1 Pledge will be valid and
enforceable if: (a) the second defendant consented to Volaw granting the
SFIP-1 Pledge; and (b) the plaintiff was a bona fide purchaser for value of
its security interest under the SFIP-1 Pledge without notice of the second
defendant’s beneficial interest in the assets in the SFIP-1 Account.

91 I examine these two issues in turn.

The second defendant did not give its prior consent to the SFIP-1 Pledge

The Consent Letters bind the second defendant

92 The Consent Letters (see [21] above) constitute valid consent by the second
defendant to the SFIP-1 Pledge if and only if: (a) Mr Teng had the second
defendant’s authority to sign them on its behalf; and (b) the second defendant
had the power and capacity to consent to the SFIP-1 Pledge. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

PRS at para 90.

A common subsidiary issue is whether the second defendant was prohibited by
Taiwanese law from consenting to the SFIP-1 Pledge. I therefore deal with that
subsidiary issue first.

(1) Taiwanese law as pleaded did not prohibit consent

93 The second defendant submits that two provisions of Taiwanese law
prohibited it from consenting to the SFIP-1 Pledge. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

D2CS at para 12.

94 First, Art 16 of the Taiwan Company Act 1929 (Taiwan) (“the TCA”) provides
(as translated) that “[a] company shall not act as a guarantor of any nature,
unless otherwise permitted by any other law or by the Articles of
Incorporation of the company”. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

AEIC of Tseng Wang-Ruu dated 14 August 2020 (“Tseng’s AEIC”), Exhibit TWR-2
(“Tseng’s 1st Report”), Exhibit 15 at 173.

The plaintiff’s and the second defendant’s Taiwanese law experts agree that
“act[ing] as a guarantor” includes “[p]roviding the company’s property for
creation of security interest for others”, citing the Taiwan Supreme Court
decision in 74-Tai-Shang-Zi-703 (1985). 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

Tseng’s 1st Report at para 100; AEIC of Wang Hsin-Chun dated 14 August 2020,
Exhibit WHC-2 (“Wang’s 1st Report”) at para 100; AEIC of Huang Yuh-Kae dated
12 August 2020 (“Huang’s AEIC”), Exhibit YKH-2, Sub-Exhibit TYT-3 (“Huang’s
1st Report”) at para 52.

It is also common ground that the second defendant’s corporate constitution
contains no provision permitting the second defendant to act as a guarantor or
to pledge its assets to secure a third party’s debts. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

Wang’s 1st Report at para 97.

95 Second, Art 143 of the Taiwan Insurance Act 1929 (“the TIA”) (as
translated) provides that “[a]n insurance company may not … act as a guarantor
for a third party or provide its assets as collateral for the debt of
another”. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

Tseng’s 1st Report, Exhibit 1 at 73.

96 The second defendant submits that the SFIP-1 Structure violates both Art 16
of the TCA and Art 143 of the TIA directly or by virtue of the Taiwanese
doctrine of evasion of law. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

Transcript, 30 March 2021, at p 96, lines 3–10.

In response, the plaintiff submits that the SFIP-1 Structure violates neither
provision and that the second defendant is precluded from relying on the
evasion of law doctrine. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

PCS at para 147.

I accept the plaintiff’s submissions for the following reasons.

(A) Statutory language

97 The plaintiff’s Taiwanese law expert, Prof Huang Yuh-Kae, takes the view
that the second defendant neither acted as a guarantor nor provided its assets
as security for a third party’s debts. That is because the SFIP-1 Structure
did not involve the second defendant granting any pledge of its own assets.
127

##### Foot Note 127

×

Huang’s 1st Report at paras 52–53.

The SFIP-1 Pledge did not arise out of any contract to which the second
defendant was a party. The plaintiff submits 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

PCS at para 148.

that the SFIP-1 Pledge involved Volaw pledging assets in Volaw’s account to
the plaintiff in Volaw’s capacity as the legal owner of the assets. 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

27 AB 15004.

The only property of the second defendant which arose from the SFIP-1
Structure were the units allotted to the second defendant in the SFIP-1 Unit
Trust upon subscription. The plaintiff held those units for the second
defendant in the Singfor Account free of any pledge.

98 In response, the second defendant’s Taiwanese law experts, Prof Tseng Wang-
Ruu and Prof Wang Hsin-Chun, say that the SFIP-1 Pledge breached both Art 16
of the TCA and Art 143 of the TIA. Prof Wang says that the question under both
those provisions is economic effect rather than technical form: did the second
defendant in economic effect provide its assets as security for a third
party’s debts regardless of the form of the transaction? As Prof Wang puts it,
“[o]ne needs to look at the effect of the transaction and see whether it is
prohibited by the law”. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

Wang’s Supplementary AEIC, Exhibit WHC-4 (“Wang’s Responses to Written
Questions”) at paras 32–33.

On that basis, both of the second defendant’s experts are of the view that
“[w]hat was pledged were assets which belong to [the second defendant]”. 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

Tseng’s 1st Report at para 105; Wang’s 1st Report at para 105.

99 To support the argument that the SFIP-1 Pledge was a pledge of the second
defendant’s assets, the second defendant argues that the existence and nature
of its beneficial interest in the assets transferred into the SFIP-1 Account
continued uninterrupted and unchanged by the assets becoming subject to the
SFIP-1 Unit Trust. The second defendant’s submission is that there was no
scintilla temporis when the assets were comprised in the SFIP-1 Unit Trust and
unitised to interrupt or change the nature of its beneficial interest. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

D2CS at paras 127 and 196 to 197; D2RS-D3 at para 21.

I accept that submission. But that does not establish that, for the purposes
of Art 16 of the TCA and Art 143 of the TIA, the assets that became subject to
the SFIP-1 Pledge were assets belonging to the second defendant.

100 The interpretation of Art 16 of the TCA and Art 143 of the TIA advanced by
the second defendant’s experts is not reflected in the language of either
provision. The language does not prohibit Volaw from creating a charge over
assets that Volaw owns in law and in which a Taiwanese company has a
beneficial interest. Nor is there any indication that either provision was
intended to have extra-territorial reach so as to bind Volaw in Jersey. All
that the second defendant did in connection with the SFIP-1 Pledge was
ostensibly to consent to Volaw granting the SFIP-1 Pledge. As the plaintiff
points out, 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

PCS at para 151.

the second defendant’s experts cite no authority to support an extended
interpretation of either provision as prohibiting such consent. I therefore
prefer and accept the plaintiff’s expert evidence. I hold that the SFIP-1
Pledge did not breach either Art 16 of the TCA or Art 143 of the TIA.

(B) Evasion of law doctrine

101 In the alternative, the second defendant’s experts say that the Taiwanese
evasion of law doctrine prohibits a Taiwanese insurance company from
circumventing Art 16 of the TCA and Art 143 of the TIA by entering into a
transaction designed and intended to evade the restrictions in those
provisions. 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

Tseng’s 1st Report at para 106; Wang’s 1st Report at para 106; Wang’s
Responses to Written Questions at para 3.

102 The plaintiff submits that the second defendant has not pleaded even the
factual basis for the evasion of law doctrine, ie, that the plaintiff intended
to evade or circumvent these Taiwanese law restrictions. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

PRS at para 61.

In response, the second defendant says that it suffices that it has pleaded
that the parties performed acts which were illegal under Taiwanese law and
that they knew that this venture was illegal. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

D&CC at para 31.

103 I accept the plaintiff’s submission. The second defendant has failed to
plead the evasion of law doctrine. Where a party seeks to rely on foreign law,
it should plead that law as fact: Singapore Civil Procedure 2021 vol 1
(Cavinder Bull gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 2021) at para 18/11/3, citing Goh
Chok Tong v Tang Liang Hong [1997] 1 SLR(R) 811. If the second defendant were
now allowed to rely on the evasion of law doctrine under Taiwanese law despite
not having pleaded it, the plaintiff will be prejudiced in a manner for which
it cannot be compensated by costs. Had the doctrine been pleaded, the
plaintiff could have adduced factual evidence as well as expert evidence on
Taiwanese law to prove that the doctrine does not apply. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

Transcript, 29 March 2021, at p 78, lines 2–20; p 80, lines 1–4, 11–13.

In particular, the plaintiff could have called evidence as to whether Mr
Levinson, who designed the SFIP-1 Structure, did so with intent to evade
Taiwanese law in order to produce a result prohibited by these statutory
provisions or whether he did so in order to comply with Taiwanese law in order
to produce a result that was not prohibited by Taiwanese law. 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

Transcript, 30 March 2021, at p 186, line 14 to p 187, line 24.

104 On the second defendant’s case as pleaded, therefore, I find that the
SFIP-1 Pledge did not breach either Art 16 of the TCA or Art 143 of the TIA.

(2) The second defendant had power and capacity to consent

105 The second defendant next submits that, by reason of both Art 16 of the
TCA and Art 143 of the TIA, 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

D2CS at para 138.

it lacked the power and the capacity to charge its assets as security for a
third party’s debts and therefore to consent to the SFIP-1 Pledge. 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

D&CC at para 91.

Given my finding that Art 16 of the TCA and Art 143 of the TIA do not prohibit
the SFIP-1 Pledge (see [93]–[104] above), I find also that neither provision
deprived the second defendant of the power or the capacity to consent to the
SFIP-1 Pledge.

(3) Mr Teng had authority to issue the Consent Letters

106 The plaintiff’s case is that Mr Teng had at all material times either the
second defendant’s actual or ostensible authority to issue the Consent Letters
consenting to the SFIP-1 Pledge for and on behalf of the second defendant. 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

PCS at para 82.

I accept the plaintiff’s case on Mr Teng’s actual authority but not on his
ostensible authority. I address each type of authority in turn.

(A) Actual authority

107 Taiwanese law governs the issue of whether Mr Teng had actual authority to
issue the Consent Letters on the second defendant’s behalf. That is because
the second defendant is a company incorporated in Taiwan. 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

PCS at para 33; D2CS at paras 213–214; Third Defendant’s Closing Submissions
dated 30 October 2020 (“D3CS”) at para 29.

The source of an agent’s actual authority to represent a principal that is a
corporation “must ultimately derive from the law of the place of
incorporation, which regulates the company’s capacity and internal management,
including the identification of the persons authorised to act on the
corporation’s behalf”: Dicey, Morris & Collins on the Conflict of Laws vol 2
(Lord Collins of Mapesbury gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 15th Ed, 2012) (“Dicey,
Morris & Collins”) at para 33-451.

108 The plaintiff submits that Mr Teng had actual authority to issue the
Consent Letters for two reasons.

109 The plaintiff’s first submission is that Mr Teng was, loosely speaking,
“the boss” of the second defendant. 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

PCS at para 70; Transcript, 30 March 2021, at p 177, lines 9–15.

Two witnesses called by the second defendant at trial gave evidence to that
effect: (a) Chyou Syan-Cheng, 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

Transcript, 1 September 2020, at p 54, lines 3–4.

who was the second defendant’s Senior Vice President of Investment until March
2008; 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

Chyou’s AEIC at para 3.

and (b) Liao Chia-Hsing, 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

Transcript, 2 September 2020, at p 8, lines 9–11.

who was employed in the second defendant’s capital management department until
2015. 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

Chyou’s AEIC at paras 6–8.

When Mr Teng signed the Consent Letters on 8 March 2008, he was the chairman
of the second defendant, a director of the second defendant and the majority
shareholder of the second defendant. 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

PCS at para 32.

The second defendant’s senior executives invariably complied with his
instructions. They did this even after the FSC suspended him as the second
defendant’s chairman in January 2009. 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

Transcript, 2 September 2020, at p 32, lines 4–11; p 34, lines 4–11; 63 AB
35083.

110 I accept the plaintiff’s submission. But this takes the plaintiff only so
far on actual authority. As the second defendant submits, the way the second
defendant’s senior executives and other employees treated Mr Teng does not go
to the issue of actual authority. 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

D2RS at para 31.

The plaintiff has not pleaded that, under Taiwanese law, Mr Teng could acquire
actual authority by the fact that the second defendant’s executives invariably
complied with his instructions.

111 The plaintiff’s alternative submission is that the provisions of the TCA
gave Mr Teng actual authority to issue the Consent Letters. 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

PCS at paras 36–37; D3CS at para 74.

Article 208-3 of the TCA provides that “[t]he chairman of the board of
directors ... shall externally represent the company”. 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

Tseng’s 1st Report, Exhibit 15 at 174.

Further, Art 57 read with Art 208-5 of the TCA provides that “directors
representing the company” “shall have the power to conduct all affairs
pertaining to the business of the company”. 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

Tseng’s 1st Report, Exhibit 15 at 173–174.

This broad authority conferred by Arts 57 and 208-5 does not require the board
of directors to resolve formally and explicitly to give the director specific
authority before the director can exercise it. 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

AEIC of Wu Yen-Te dated 14 August 2020 (“Wu’s AEIC”), Exhibit YTW-1 (“Wu’s 1st
Report”) at para 10.

112 The dispute on this aspect of the plaintiff’s case is whether consenting
to the SFIP-1 Pledge constitutes “affairs pertaining to the business of the
company”. The second defendant submits that an illegal act cannot constitute
“affairs pertaining to the business of the company” within the meaning of Art
57 of the TCA (see [247] below). That may be so. But I have found that the
SFIP-1 Pledge did not breach either Art 16 of the TCA or Art 143 of the TIA
(see [93]–[104] above). The second defendant’s submission therefore fails.

113 I therefore find that Mr Teng did have actual authority under the TCA to
issue the Consent Letters on the second defendant’s behalf consenting to the
SFIP-1 Pledge.

(B) Ostensible authority

114 Because I have found that Mr Teng had actual authority to issue the
Consent Letters, it is not necessary for me to consider whether he had
ostensible authority to do so. But I will deal with the issue, given the
parties’ extensive submissions on the underlying law and facts. I find that Mr
Teng did not have ostensible authority to issue the Consent Letters on the
defendant’s behalf.

115 The plaintiff and the second defendant accept that Singapore law governs
Mr Teng’s ostensible authority to issue the Consent Letters. That is because
the SFIP-1 Pledge is governed by Singapore law. 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

PCS para 34; D2CS para 198.

116 In Singapore law, an agent has ostensible authority to bind his principal
as against a counterparty if his principal has represented to the counterparty
that the agent has such authority with the intention that the counterparty
should rely on the representation and the counterparty does in fact rely on
the representation. 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

PCS at para 34.

The representation then clothes the agent with ostensible authority “to do all
such acts as agents in his position usually do”: Walter Woon on Company Law
(Tan Cheng Han gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 3rd Rev Ed, 2009) at para 3.27.

117 The plaintiff submits that a third party would reasonably assume that an
agent who is the chairman, a director and the majority shareholder of a
company has the company’s authority to act on its behalf and to bind the
company. 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

PCS at para 40.

I do not accept this submission. The mere fact that a person satisfies all
three of these criteria does not amount to the company’s representation to
third parties that that person has the company’s authority to do any and all
conceivable acts on the company’s behalf.

118 In the alternative, the plaintiff submits that the second defendant
represented to the plaintiff that Mr Teng had its authority to issue the
Consent Letters in two documents: (a) the account-opening booklet for the
Singfor Account (“the ACB”); and (b) the minutes of a meeting of the second
defendant’s board held on 30 January 2008 (“the Board Minutes”). The plaintiff
says that it relied on these representations in acting on the Consent Letters.
158

##### Foot Note 158

×

PCS at para 40.

I deal with each document in turn.

(I) The account-opening booklet

119 The ACB was executed on behalf of the second defendant by its president
(one Chen Wen-Yen) (“President Chen”) and one of its directors (one Pu Yun-
Hsi) (“Director Pu”). 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

Transcript, 29 March 2021, at p 16, lines 1–9; 16 AB 8682.

The second defendant points out that Mr Teng is not one of the authorised
signatories listed in the ACB. It draws my attention to three versions of the
ACB which are in evidence. These three versions appear at Tabs 7, 8 and 9 of
the affidavit of evidence in chief of the second defendant’s witness, one Chen
Hsiu-Fang (“Ms HF Chen”). Ms HF Chen was employed in the second defendant’s
capital management and foreign investment departments until 2015. 160

##### Foot Note 160

×

Chen Hsiu-Fang’s AEIC at paras 5–11.

Ms HF Chen’s evidence is that the plaintiff sent the versions of the ACB at
Tabs 7 and 8 to her. 161

##### Foot Note 161

×

Chen Hsiu-Fang’s AEIC at paras 29–30.

Ms HF Chen says that the Tab 7 version was the first version that she
completed and submitted to the plaintiff. 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

Transcript, 3 September 2020, at p 108, line 10 to p 109, line 1.

The version at Tab 9 163

##### Foot Note 163

×

Chen Hsiu-Fang’s AEIC at 270–325.

is the ACB on which the plaintiff relies in these proceedings. 164

##### Foot Note 164

×

Transcript, 30 March 2021, at p 40, lines 14–16.

120 The Tab 7 version of the ACB 165

##### Foot Note 165

×

Chen Hsiu-Fang’s AEIC at 231.

is incomplete: it is missing the even-numbered pages. Part 5 of the ACB is the
signature card setting out the specimen signatures of all authorised
signatories. Part 5 of the Tab 7 version consists of a single page. That page
sets out the names and specimen signatures of four signatories in the first
four fields: President Chen, Director Pu, one Liu Ko-Hsien (a manager of the
second defendant) and Mr Chyou. 166

##### Foot Note 166

×

Chen Hsiu-Fang’s AEIC at 241.

The fifth and sixth fields of the signature card are left blank. At the bottom
of the signature card is the phrase “[End of Part 5]” and below that the page
number “25”.

121 The Tab 8 version of the ACB 167

##### Foot Note 167

×

Chen Hsiu-Fang’s AEIC at 255.

is missing even more pages than the Tab 7 version. In the Tab 8 version, Part
5 sets out the same four names and their specimen signatures with the fifth
and sixth fields left blank. 168

##### Foot Note 168

×

Chen Hsiu-Fang’s AEIC at 266.

This page is likewise paginated as page 25. But next to the phrase “[End of
Part 5]” is the additional typed phrase “Page 1 of 2”. But there is no “Page 2
of 2” and there is no page 26.

122 The Tab 9 version of the ACB 169

##### Foot Note 169

×

Chen Hsiu-Fang’s AEIC at 269.

is complete and has no missing pages. Part 5 of the Tab 9 version is also at
page 25 and also contains the same four names and their specimen signatures
with the fifth and sixth fields left blank. This page also bears the
typewritten phrase “Page 1 of 2” at its foot. But Part 5 of the Tab 9 version
contains a second page, also paginated number 25, with the additional
typewritten phrase “Page 2 of 2” at the foot. 170

##### Foot Note 170

×

Chen Hsiu-Fang’s AEIC at 296.

That second page sets out the names and specimen signatures of Mr Huang and Mr
Teng. The first page of Part 5 in all three versions is countersigned by
President Chen and Director Pu. However, the second page of Part 5 in the Tab
9 version is not countersigned by them.

123 From all this, the second defendant invites me to infer that, when the
second defendant returned the completed ACB to the plaintiff, the ACB did not
include the second page of Part 5 with Mr Teng’s name and specimen signature.
171

##### Foot Note 171

×

Transcript, 30 March 2021, at p 49, lines 9–11.

The second defendant says that the plaintiff has failed to call a witness to
prove that the plaintiff received this second page and incorporated it into
the ACB. 172

##### Foot Note 172

×

Transcript, 30 March 2021, at p 48, lines 14–18.

The second defendant therefore invites me to find that Mr Teng is not an
authorised signatory of the Singfor Account. 173

##### Foot Note 173

×

Transcript, 30 March 2021, at p 48, lines 2–5.

124 I do not accept the second defendant’s submission. I find on the balance
of probabilities that Mr Teng was an authorised signatory of the Singfor
Account. I do so for three reasons.

125 First, as the plaintiff points out, 174

##### Foot Note 174

×

Transcript, 29 March 2021, at p 32, line 23 to p 33, line 1.

the plaintiff’ has proven the complete ACB found at Tab 9. The affidavit of
evidence in chief of one Albert Chiu Sin Chuen, the plaintiff’s Executive
Chairman for the Asia Pacific Region, 175

##### Foot Note 175

×

Chiu’s AEIC at para 1.

exhibits the complete ACB. 176

##### Foot Note 176

×

Chiu’s AEIC at 118–173.

It is correct that the plaintiff did not call a witness to testify
specifically about the circumstances in which it received the second page of
Part 5 and how that page came to be incorporated into the ACB. But counsel for
the second defendant confirms that its case is not that the second page is a
forgery. 177

##### Foot Note 177

×

Transcript, 30 March 2021, at p 40, line 24 to p 41, line 14.

I am satisfied that the second page was duly incorporated into the ACB and
constituted Mr Teng an authorised signatory of the Singfor Account.

126 Second, as the plaintiff points out, 178

##### Foot Note 178

×

Transcript, 30 March 2021, at p 173, lines 3–21.

although the second page of Part 5 is not countersigned by President Chen and
Director Pu, the inclusion of Mr Huang and Mr Teng as authorised signatories
is consistent with another part of the ACB which President Chen and Director
Pu did countersign. As I have mentioned, Part 5 of the ACB is the signature
card. But Part 3 of the ACB is where the plaintiff’s customer names its
directors, its authorised signatories and its authorised representatives not
having signing authority. The Tab 7 version of Part 3 is completely blank. 179

##### Foot Note 179

×

Chen Hsiu-Fang’s AEIC at 238–239.

President Chen and Director Pu nevertheless countersigned at the foot of the
blank lists. 180

##### Foot Note 180

×

Chen Hsiu-Fang’s AEIC at 239.

On Ms HF Chen’s own evidence, the plaintiff then typed certain details into
Part 3, which is the Tab 8 version. 181

##### Foot Note 181

×

Transcript, 3 September 2020, at p 109, lines 6–8.

In the Tab 8 version, the same lists in Part 3 are completed with the names of
six authorised signatories: Mr Teng, Mr Huang, Director Pu, President Chen, Mr
Chyou and Mr Liu. 182

##### Foot Note 182

×

Chen Hsiu-Fang’s AEIC at 260–262.

As the plaintiff submits, 183

##### Foot Note 183

×

PRS at para 111.

the Tab 8 version thus confirms that the second defendant intended to name Mr
Teng and Mr Huang as authorised signatories. The second page of Part 5 in the
Tab 9 version thus complements the list of six authorised signatories in Part
3 by supplementing Part 5 in the earlier versions with the specimen signatures
of Mr Huang and Mr Teng as the second defendant’s fifth and sixth authorised
signatories.

127 Third, as the second defendant itself says, President Chen and Director Pu
are the witnesses who can testify as to whom the second defendant authorised
as its signatories. 184

##### Foot Note 184

×

Transcript, 30 March 2021, at p 47, lines 3–7.

But, as the plaintiff points out, 185

##### Foot Note 185

×

Transcript, 29 March 2021, at p 34, lines 3–12.

the second defendant did not call either President Chen or Director Pu to
testify that the second defendant did not authorise Mr Teng to be a signatory
of the Singfor Account. Absent such evidence, and given that it is not the
second defendant’s case that Part 5 is a forgery or that there is anything
sinister about the plaintiff completing the ACB for the second defendant, 186

##### Foot Note 186

×

Transcript, 30 March 2021, at p 46, lines 11–25.

I find that the second defendant did appoint Mr Teng as an authorised
signatory for the Singfor Account.

128 The second defendant points out that the account opening documents that Ms
HF Chen sent to the plaintiff include minutes of a board resolution. 187

##### Foot Note 187

×

Chen Hsiu-Fang’s AEIC at 251–253.

The minutes record a resolution by the second defendant’s board that, among
other things, the Singfor Account be opened and that Mr Chyou and Mr Liu
operate the account jointly. Mr Teng and Mr Huang are not named in these
minutes. 188

##### Foot Note 188

×

Transcript, 30 March 2021, at p 48, line 22 to p 49, line 3.

Insofar as the second defendant relies on this document to submit that it did
not intend to appoint Mr Teng as an authorised signatory in the ACB, I do not
accept the submission. Although the minutes are signed, they are undated.
Further, it is unclear what the context of these minutes was and what became
of them. On Ms HF Chen’s evidence, the plaintiff completed the ACB after she
provided the minutes to them (see [126] above). Because the second defendant
does not allege that there is anything sinister about the plaintiff completing
the ACB for the second defendant, I give more weight to the complete ACB
document than to the contents of these minutes.

129 In the alternative, the second defendant submits that Mr Teng’s
designation as an authorised signatory of the Singfor Account cannot be relied
on as a representation that he was authorised to consent to the SFIP-1 Pledge.
That is because the SFIP-1 Pledge was a pledge to secure a third party’s debts
and did not relate to the operation of the Singfor Account. 189

##### Foot Note 189

×

D2CS at para 217.

130 In response, the plaintiff submits that the ACB governs the whole
relationship between the plaintiff as banker and the second defendant as its
customer because the Singfor Account was the only account that the second
defendant ever opened with the plaintiff. 190

##### Foot Note 190

×

Transcript, 29 March 2021, at p 20, lines 11–14.

The plaintiff also relies on the circumstances in which the second defendant
opened the Singfor Account. The second defendant opened the account in the
context of Mr Huang and Mr Teng exploring an investment structure to invest in
foreign securities and a credit structure to use leverage to enhance
investment returns. 191

##### Foot Note 191

×

Transcript, 29 March 2021, at p 23, line 7 to p 24, line 6.

That was why the plaintiff proposed the structure that led to the SFIP-1 Unit
Trust and the SFIP-1 Pledge. 192

##### Foot Note 192

×

Transcript, 29 March 2021, at p 30, lines 9–16; pp 31–32.

As such, the plaintiff submits, the mandate in the ACB extends to authorising
Mr Teng to consent to the SFIP-1 Pledge in order to secure the debts of the
first defendant, a company that the plaintiff believed was beneficially owned
by the second defendant. 193

##### Foot Note 193

×

Transcript, 29 March 2021, at p 24, lines 14–25.

131 I do not accept the plaintiff’s submission. The second defendant did not,
by executing the ACB, represent that any of the authorised signatories listed
in the ACB were authorised to consent to the SFIP-1 Pledge. An examination of
the provisions of the ACB shows that the authority which the ACB conferred on
the authorised signatories listed in it is to give instructions to the
plaintiff on which the plaintiff is to act in relation to maintaining or
operating the Singfor Account. Consenting to the SFIP-1 Pledge was not such an
instruction: the SFIP-1 Pledge did not relate to the Singfor Account at all.

132 Thus, cl 2.1 of the ACB provides as follows: 194

##### Foot Note 194

×

16 AB 8672.

The Bank is authorized to act on instructions given by the Client in
accordance with the signing authority set out below (or as the same may be
amended by the Client from time to time).

133 Further, cl 2.4 provides as follows: 195

##### Foot Note 195

×

16 AB 8672.

Until receipt by the Bank from the Client of written notification of the
revocation of the appointment of any Authorized Representative ... the Bank
shall be entitled to act on the Instructions of such Authorized
Representatives in accordance with the authority granted by the Client and the
Client agrees to ratify, confirm and indemnify the Bank against all the acts
and deeds of the Authorized Representatives in the exercise or purported
exercise of the Authorized Representatives’ powers, discretion and authority.
The Bank may at its sole discretion treat all Instructions given as fully
authorized and binding on the Client regardless of the circumstances
prevailing at the time of the Instructions being given or the nature or amount
of the transaction and notwithstanding any ... fraud ... or lack of authority
in relation to the Instructions or notice of any actual or potential breach of
trust. The Client agrees that the Client is under an express duty to the Bank
to prevent any fraudulent, forged or unauthorized Instructions, or
Instructions, which are in actual or potential breach of trust.

[emphasis added]

134 Finally, cl 4.2.1(d) provides as follows: 196

##### Foot Note 196

×

16 AB 8673.

The Client represents and warrants that at the date of this Account Mandate
and for such time as the Account shall remain open as follows: ...

That any Authorized Representatives appointed by the Client are and shall be
duly appointed as agents of the Client with all requisite authority to give
Instructions on behalf of the Client, subject to any express limitations
contained in the document appointing them or subsequently notified to the Bank
in writing.

[emphasis added]

135 I accept, as the plaintiff submits, 197

##### Foot Note 197

×

Transcript, 29 March 2021, at p 21, lines 10–12.

that the second defendant’s subscription for units in the SFIP-1 Unit Trust
falls within the scope of the mandate which the ACB confers on the authorised
signatories. That is because: (a) the consideration for the subscription was
discharged by transferring assets from the Singfor Account to the SFIP-1
Account; and (b) the plaintiff thereafter held the units allotted to it in the
Singfor Account.

136 But I do not accept that the consequence of that is that Mr Teng’s consent
to the SFIP-1 Pledge also falls within the scope of the ACB mandate. That is
so even though I accept that the SFIP-1 Unit Trust and the SFIP-1 Pledge were
part of a single composite transaction intended to implement the SFIP-1
Structure, which includes the SFIP-1 Pledge. Clause 2.10(e) of the Trust Deed
provides that the investor in the SFIP-1 Unit Trust (ie the second defendant)
consents to the trustee executing a pledge to secure third-party obligations.
As the plaintiff submits, 198

##### Foot Note 198

×

Transcript, 29 March 2021, at p 30, line 17 to p 31, line 1.

this shows that the second defendant’s subscription to units in the SFIP-1
Unit Trust was factually connected to the Consent Letters. But that factual
connection does not extend the representations made in the ACB to cover Mr
Teng’s conduct other than in giving instructions to the plaintiff on which it
was to act in relation to maintaining or operating the Singfor Account.

137 I therefore hold that the second defendant’s appointment of Mr Teng as an
authorised signatory in the ACB does not constitute a representation that Mr
Teng had any sort of authority to consent to the SFIP-1 Pledge on the second
defendant’s behalf.

(II) The Board Minutes

138 I now turn to consider the Board Minutes (see [118] above). Mr Teng and
President Chen signed the Board Minutes. They record a resolution that, among
other things, Mr Teng and President Chen be authorised to sign “all documents”
for and on behalf of the second defendant singly. 199

##### Foot Note 199

×

23 AB 12761.

The plaintiff says that it relied on the Board Minutes in acting on the
Consent Letters, as the minutes confirmed Mr Teng’s authority to sign “all
documents” singly and without limit. 200

##### Foot Note 200

×

Transcript, 30 March 2021, at p 176, lines 5–7.

139 The second defendant submits that the chronology of events makes it
improbable, if not impossible, that the plaintiff relied on the Board Minutes
when it received the Consent Letters and when Volaw executed the SFIP-1 Pledge
on 8 March 2008. 201

##### Foot Note 201

×

D2CS at para 220.

I accept this submission. The Board Minutes were backdated to 30 January 2008.
It was only on 13 March 2008 – several days after Mr Teng issued the Consent
Letters – that Ms HF Chen sent Edna Leung of the plaintiff a draft resolution
authorising Mr Teng and President Chen to sign singly and without limit. 202

##### Foot Note 202

×

Chen Hsiu-Fang’s AEIC at para 68(2).

Further, the minutes have a signature verification stamp and a date stamp that
reads “26 May 2008”. As the second defendant submits, this suggests very
strongly that the plaintiff received the document and verified the signatures
on or about that date, well after Mr Teng issued the Consent Letters. 203

##### Foot Note 203

×

D2CS at para 220.

(C) Conclusion on authority

140 In summary, I find that Mr Teng had actual but not ostensible authority to
consent on the second defendant’s behalf to Volaw executing the SFIP-1 Pledge.
He therefore had actual, but not ostensible, authority to issue the Consent
Letters for and on behalf of the second defendant. That finding suffices to
hold that the second defendant is bound by Mr Teng’s consent to the SFIP-1
Pledge and therefore did itself consent to the pledge.

The Consent Letters were issued after the SFIP-1 Pledge was created

141 Having found that the second defendant consented to the SFIP-1 Pledge, I
nevertheless find that Volaw executed the SFIP-1 Pledge without the second
defendant’s prior consent. That is because Volaw executed the SFIP-1 Pledge on
7 March 2008, 204

##### Foot Note 204

×

25 AB 14018.

one day before Mr Teng issued the Consent Letters on 8 March 2008. 205

##### Foot Note 205

×

26 AB 14267–14268.

142 Clause 8.2.16 of the Trust Deed obliged Volaw to secure the second
defendant’s consent to the SFIP-1 Pledge before Volaw granted any security
over the assets of the unit trust: 206

##### Foot Note 206

×

25 AB 14033.

... the Trustee shall be empowered and authorised to ... grant security by way
of ... pledge ... for its own obligations (or obligations of third parties not
connected with the Trust) ... where the Trustee is not acting as principal in
respect of obligations of the Trust the unanimous consent of the Unit Holders
shall be required prior to the Trustee entering into any ... pledge ...

[emphasis added]

143 I assume, without deciding, that the second defendant’s subscription to
the SFIP-1 Unit Trust was valid, as the plaintiff submits. 207

##### Foot Note 207

×

PCS at paras 82 and 167.

That means that Volaw’s right to execute the SFIP-1 Pledge is governed by the
terms of the Trust Deed and not by Jersey law on bare trusts. This assumption
works in the second defendant’s favour on this issue in that it imposes a
stricter contractual restriction on Volaw.

144 The plaintiff submits that the second defendant did give prior consent to
Volaw executing the SFIP-1 Pledge even though Mr Teng issued the Consent
Letters on 8 March 2008, a day after Volaw executed the SFIP-1 Pledge on 7
March 2008. The plaintiff’s Jersey law expert, James Gleeson, points out that
cl 17.1 of the Trust Deed provides that “[a]ny notice, approval, consent or
other communication under this Instrument shall be in writing ...”. His
opinion draws a distinction between the second defendant consenting to the
SFIP-1 Pledge and the second defendant’s consent to the SFIP-1 Pledge being
recorded in writing. Thus, he says, it is “arguable” that it would suffice for
the purposes of cl 8.2.16 of the Trust Deed for the second defendant’s consent
to be recorded in writing at or before the time Volaw executed the SFIP-1
Pledge even if the actual written consent originating from the second
defendant came afterwards. 208

##### Foot Note 208

×

AEIC of James Michael Gleeson dated 7 August 2020, Exhibit JMG-1 (“Gleeson’s
1st Report”) at para 5.2.9.

In his opinion, the second defendant’s prior consent is recorded in writing in
cl 2.10(e) of the Trust Deed and in a resolution by Volaw dated 7 March 2008.
209

##### Foot Note 209

×

Gleeson’s 1st Report at paras 5.2.10–5.2.11.

145 I do not accept that either cl 2.10(e) of the Trust Deed or Volaw’s
resolution amounts to a record in writing of the second defendant’s prior
consent to the SFIP-1 Pledge for the purposes of cl 8.2.16 read with cl 17.1
of the Trust Deed. At most, cl 2.10(e) and Volaw’s resolution record the
second defendant’s intention to consent to the pledge or an obligation to do
so at some time in the future. Neither of them records that the second
defendant gave immediate and unconditional consent to the SFIP-1 Pledge on 7
March 2008 itself, prior to Volaw executing the pledge.

146 It is common ground that the second defendant’s subscription for units in
the SFIP-1 Unit Trust took place only in April 2008, well after Volaw executed
the SFIP-1 Pledge. Clause 2.10(e) of the Trust Deed provides as follows:

Upon subscription the Initial Investor acknowledges and agrees to the Trustee
… entering into a pledge agreement with [the plaintiff] in respect of the
securing of obligations of a third party as permitted under Clause 8.2.16 and,
further, that as sole Unit Holder, the approval of all the Unit Holders as
required by Clause 8.2.16 is hereby given.

[emphasis added]

The introductory words of this clause show that what the second defendant
acknowledged and agreed was that Volaw would execute the SFIP-1 Pledge upon
subscription. Those words could mean one of two things. First, that the second
defendant’s acknowledgment and agreement were deferred and would take effect
only upon subscription taking place. Alternatively, they could mean that the
acknowledgment and agreement were effective immediately but that Volaw was to
execute the pledge only upon subscription. In either case, the clause does not
constitute the second defendant’s acknowledgment and agreement before 8 March
2008 to Volaw executing the SFIP-1 Pledge before subscription, as Volaw did.

147 As for Volaw’s resolution, that was a resolution for Volaw to execute a
pledge to secure the obligations of the first defendant. The resolution noted
that “pursuant to the provisions of the … Trust Deed, the Trustee has the
power to execute a pledge to secure the obligations of a third party provided
consent from the Unit Holders is given and the meeting is advised that the
Unit Holders is [sic] prepared to give such consent” [emphasis added]. 210

##### Foot Note 210

×

26 AB 14215.

Once again, the word “prepared” here indicates a prospective consent, not an
unconditional and immediate consent before 8 March 2008.

148 It is true that Volaw’s resolution was followed by the Consent Letters,
which say that the second defendant “hereby confirm[s] our agreement and
consent” [emphasis added]. The plaintiff submits that the word “confirm” shows
that the second defendant was, by the Consent Letters, merely confirming
consent already given on 7 March 2008 as recorded in the resolution. 211

##### Foot Note 211

×

PCS at para 250.

But that is not what the resolution says. The resolution records only that the
unitholder was “prepared” to consent, ie in the future, not that it did
consent. As the plaintiff itself puts it, this suggests that the second
defendant had informed Volaw that “it would consent” to the SFIP-1 Pledge. 212

##### Foot Note 212

×

PCS at para 249.

That consent came on 8 March 2008. The resolution does not record in writing
that the unitholder did in fact consent on or before 7 March 2008.

149 The result of my findings is that Mr Teng, for on behalf of the second
defendant, consented to the SFIP-1 Pledge one day too late for the purposes of
cl 8.2.16 read with cl 2.10(e) of the Trust Deed. The lack of prior consent
means that Volaw acted in breach of trust by executing the SFIP-1 Pledge.

150 As between the second defendant and Volaw, the combined effect of cl
2.10(e), Volaw’s resolution and the Consent Letters may well be to bar the
second defendant from suing Volaw for this breach of trust: see Snell’s Equity
(John McGhee & Steven Elliott gen eds) (Sweet & Maxwell, 34th Ed, 2020)
(“Snell’s Equity”) at para 30-031.

151 As between the second defendant and the plaintiff, the plaintiff’s case is
that the lack of prior consent does not defeat its security interest because
of: (a) cl 9.3 of the Trust Deed; (b) Art 55 of the Trusts (Jersey) Law 1984;
and (c) the bona fide purchaser rule. I first consider a preliminary point on
the governing law for this issue.

Governing law

152 The plaintiff submits that cl 9.3 of the Trust Deed and Art 55 of the
Trusts (Jersey) Law are relevant because it is Jersey law which governs the
issue of priorities. 213

##### Foot Note 213

×

PRS at para 95.

The second defendant submits that both provisions are irrelevant because it is
Singapore law which governs the issue of priorities. 214

##### Foot Note 214

×

D2RS at para 72.

I accept the second defendant’s submission.

153 In The Republic of the Philippines v Maler Foundation and others and other
appeals [2014] 1 SLR 1389, the Court of Appeal set out the broad common law
methodology for resolving a legal question with a foreign law element. The
methodology has three stages: (a) the characterisation of the relevant issue;
(b) the selection of the appropriate choice of law rule in the context of the
relevant connecting factors; and (c) the identification of a system of law by
the application of those connecting factors: at [81], citing Raiffeisen
Zentralbank Österreich AG v Five Star Trading LLC [2001] QB 825 at [26];
Macmillan Inc v Bishopsgate Investment Trust plc (No 3) [1996] 1 WLR 387
(“Macmillan (CA)”) at 391–392. At the first stage, it is not sufficient to
characterise the nature of the overall claim. A claim may involve multiple
issues, each of which could fall to be decided under a different system of
law: at [84], citing Macmillan (CA) at 418.

154 The relevant issue now is whether the plaintiff took its security interest
under the SFIP-1 Pledge subject to the second defendant’s beneficial interest
in the underlying assets. The general rule is that issues as to competing
proprietary rights are determined by the law of the place where the property
is situated: Macmillan (CA) at 399; Lynton Tucker, Nicholas Le Poidevin and
James Brightwell, Lewin on Trusts vols 1 and 2 (Sweet & Maxwell, 20th Ed,
2020) (“Lewin on Trusts”) at paras 12-039 and 44-144). So, as the second
defendant submits, the relevant connecting factor is the lex situs of the
assets in the SFIP-1 Account. The plaintiff does not dispute that the situs of
these assets is Singapore. That is because the SFIP-1 Account is a liability
to the second defendant on the books of the plaintiff’s Singapore branch. A
bank account is situated at the branch where it is kept because the bank’s
obligation to repay is performable primarily at that branch: Dicey, Morris &
Collins vol 2 at para 22-029.

155 It is true that this issue may be unpacked into several subsidiary issues,
each of which may be governed by a different system of law. Thus, as the
plaintiff submits, 215

##### Foot Note 215

×

PRS at para 98.

Jersey law governs the specific issue of whether Volaw acted in breach of
trust. That subsidiary issue arises because the second defendant’s case is
that its interest takes priority over the plaintiff’s interest for various
reasons including the plaintiff having notice that Volaw was acting in breach
of trust. Obviously, no question can arise as to whether the plaintiff had
notice of Volaw’s breach of trust unless it is found that Volaw did in fact
act in breach of trust. That finding can be made only as a matter of Jersey
law. But Jersey law does not govern the broader issue of the consequences of
that breach in the priorities between the competing proprietary rights. That
issue, I accept, is governed by Singapore law.

Clause 9.3 of the Trust Deed and Art 55 of the Trusts (Jersey) Law

156 In my view, even if cl 9.3 of the Trust Deed and Art 55 of the Trusts
(Jersey) Law were relevant, the plaintiff cannot rely on them.

157 The plaintiff submits that, under cl 9.3 of the Trust Deed, its rights
under the SFIP-1 Pledge are not affected because it is a person who contracted
with the Trustee without fraud. 216

##### Foot Note 216

×

PCS at para 256.

Clause 9.3 provides as follows: 217

##### Foot Note 217

×

25 AB 14102–14103.

9.3 It is hereby declared that so far as relates to the safety and protection
of all persons contracting and dealing with the Trustee and except in the case
of fraud by the persons so contracting or dealing with the Trustee:

9.3.1 no person contracting or dealing with the Trustee shall be required or
in any manner concerned or interested to enquire or ascertain the terms of the
Trust or whether any contract or dealing by the Trustee are proper or whether
the same has been authorised by or in a manner required by these presents or
is otherwise proper or is for the benefit of the Trust Fund or of all or any
one or more of the Unit Holders …

9.3.2 no person shall be affected by actual knowledge or by direct or
constructive or imputed notice that any such contract or dealing has not been
authorised as aforesaid or is otherwise improper or of any dealing by the
Trustee with the Trust Fund or any part thereof not being for the benefit of
the Trust Fund or of all or any one or more of the Unit Holders and all such
dealings transactions and contracts shall so far as such person is concerned
be deemed to be within the scope of these presents and to be valid and
effectual accordingly.

[emphasis added]

158 The second defendant’s Jersey law expert, Brian Green QC, relies on the
Jersey law doctrine of privity of contract. He says that the plaintiff, as a
non-beneficiary stranger to the Trust Deed which established the SFIP-1 Unit
Trust, cannot enforce cl 9.3 of the Trust Deed against the second defendant.
218

##### Foot Note 218

×

AEIC of Brian Green dated 14 August 2020, Exhibit BG-3 (“Green’s Reply
Report”) at para 14.

In response, the plaintiff argues that the second defendant, by subscribing to
units in the SFIP-1 Unit Trust on the terms set out in the Trust Deed, is
bound by cl 9.3. So the second defendant cannot challenge the rights which a
third party acquires as a result of its dealings with the trustee unless that
third party is guilty of fraud. 219

##### Foot Note 219

×

PCS at para 255.

159 I do not accept the plaintiff’s submission. Although the second defendant
is of course bound by cl 9.3 of the Trust Deed, it is so bound only as between
itself and those persons who, under Jersey law, can assert that right against
the second defendant under that provision of the Trust Deed. There is no
evidence that, under Jersey law, a non-beneficiary stranger to a contract such
as the Trust Deed can assert a right under that contract as a defence against
a party to the contract. The plaintiff therefore cannot rely on cl 9.3.

160 The plaintiff submits, in the alternative, that its rights under the
SFIP-1 Pledge are not affected because it did not have actual notice of
Volaw’s breach of trust and therefore comes within Art 55 of the Trusts
(Jersey) Law. 220

##### Foot Note 220

×

Transcript, 30 March 2021, at p 171, lines 11–20.

Article 55 provides:

55 Protection to persons dealing with trustee

(1) A bona fide purchaser for value without actual notice of any breach of
trust –

(a) may deal with a trustee in relation to trust property as if the trustee
was the beneficial owner of the trust property; and

(b) shall not be affected by the trusts on which such property is held.

(2) No person paying or advancing money to a trustee shall be concerned to see
that such money is wanted, or that no more than is wanted is raised, or
otherwise as to the propriety of the transaction or the application of the
money.

The second defendant submits that the plaintiff did not plead this provision
and therefore cannot rely on it. The provision was raised for the first time
in the expert reports of Mr Gleeson and Mr Nigel Sanders, who are the Jersey
law experts for the plaintiff and the third defendant respectively. 221

##### Foot Note 221

×

D2RS at para 72.

161 The plaintiff says that its failure to plead Art 55 should not be held
against it because it is a defence responding to the defendant’s case that
Volaw acted in breach of trust; and the second defendant neither pleaded that
breach of trust nor particularised the acts constituting a breach of trust.
222

##### Foot Note 222

×

Transcript, 29 March 2021, at p 99, lines 20–25; p 100, lines 1–10; PRS at
para 93.

162 I find, however, that the second defendant’s pleadings were sufficient to
inform the plaintiff of the case it had to meet on this issue. That, after
all, is the ultimate objective of pleadings: V Nithia (co-administratrix of
the estate of Ponnusamy Sivapakiam, deceased) v Buthmanaban s/o Vaithilingam
and another [2015] 5 SLR 1422 at [36]. Although material facts must be
pleaded, the legal conclusions to be drawn from them need not: MK (Project
Management) Ltd v Baker Marine Energy Pte Ltd [1994] 3 SLR(R) 823 at [26].

163 The second defendant pleaded all the material facts necessary to submit
that Volaw acted in breach of trust. It pleaded that cl 8.2.16 of the Trust
Deed required the second defendant’s prior consent. 223

##### Foot Note 223

×

D&CC at para 57(4)(b).

It pleaded that Mr Teng issued the Consent Letters only after Volaw had
executed the SFIP-1 Pledge. 224

##### Foot Note 224

×

D&CC at paras 57(4)(b) and 57(6).

It pleaded that the plaintiff was put on notice that Volaw “had executed the
SFIP-1 Pledge before receiving the required ‘prior’ consent of [the second
defendant]”. 225

##### Foot Note 225

×

D&CC at para 99(1).

The plaintiff was given reasonable notice that part of the case for the
defence that it would have to meet in this action was that Volaw acted in
breach of trust.

164 Further, the plaintiff was not taken by surprise: in its reply to the
second defendant’s defence, it argued, “Even if it is assumed that no prior
consent was obtained or that the [Consent Letters] did not constitute valid
consent (which is denied), this would constitute a breach of trust by the
trustee of the SFIP-1 UT, but would not necessarily mean that the trustee of
the SFIP-1 UT lacked capacity to enter into the SFIP-1 Pledge …” [emphasis
added]. 226

##### Foot Note 226

×

R&DCC at para 85.7.

The plaintiff itself in its submissions identifies breach of trust as the
legal conclusion to be drawn from the second defendant’s pleaded case that
Volaw granted the SFIP-1 Pledge without the second defendant’s prior consent.
227

##### Foot Note 227

×

PRS at para 92.

Just as the second defendant cannot rely on the unpleaded evasion of law
doctrine in Taiwanese law (see [103] above), the plaintiff cannot now rely on
the unpleaded Art 55 of the Trusts (Jersey) Law.

The plaintiff was a bona fide purchaser for value without notice

165 In Singapore law, a bona fide purchaser for value of a legal interest
without notice of a prior equitable interest takes free of that equitable
interest: MKC Associates Co Ltd and another v Kabushiki Kaisha Honjin and
others (Neo Lay Hiang Pamela and another, third parties; Honjin Singapore Pte
Ltd and others, fourth parties) [2017] SGHC 317 (“MKC Associates”) at [292];
MCC Proceeds Inc v Lehman Bros International (Europe) [1998] 4 All ER 675 at
688. I now consider the elements of this rule.

Purchaser for value

166 A purchaser for the purpose of the bona fide purchaser rule is not
restricted to a person who buys the entire interest in any given property: it
includes any person who acquires a legal interest in the property: Tan Yock
Lin, Personal Property Law (Academy Publishing, 2014) (“Personal Property
Law”) at para 24.165, citing LS Investment Pte Ltd v Majlis Ugama Islam
Singapura [1998] 3 SLR(R) 369. The plaintiff is the purchaser of a security
interest over the assets in the SFIP-1 Account.

167 The requirement in this rule that a person be a purchaser “for value” is
different from the requirement of consideration in contract law. Whereas
consideration may be executory, a purchaser provides value not when he merely
promises to pay but when he actually pays: Personal Property Law at para
24.166, citing Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corp Ltd v United Overseas Bank
Ltd [1992] 1 SLR(R) 579 at [37]; The Law of Personal Property (Michael Bridge
et al eds) (Sweet & Maxwell, 2nd Ed, 2018) at para 30-102. A promise to pay
does not amount to value for the purposes of this rule because the promisor
loses nothing as a matter of property by reason of the promise alone: Personal
Property Law at para 24.166. So where the purchaser acquires notice of an
equity after his promise to pay but before he actually pays, he will take
subject to it: Personal Property Law at para 24.166.

168 It is common ground that the plaintiff was a purchaser for value of a
security interest on 7 March 2008. 228

##### Foot Note 228

×

Transcript, 30 March 2021, at p 86, line 19 to p 87, line 2.

I therefore consider next the questions of good faith and notice.

Good faith and notice

169 Good faith and notice are separate elements of the rule (Personal Property
Law at para 24.187). It is hard, however, to imagine a situation where a
purchaser does not have notice yet acts in bad faith: Snell’s Equity at para
4-021; Lewin on Trusts vol 2 at para 44-124. Here the same facts are relevant
to both elements. I therefore analyse them together as the parties do.

170 The plaintiff as the purchaser bears the burden of proving good faith and
the absence of notice: see Snell’s Equity at para 4-018, citing inter alia
Attorney-General v Biphosphated Guano Co (1878) 11 Ch D 327 at 337.

171 The second defendant’s case is that the plaintiff had notice of the second
defendant’s beneficial interest in the assets underlying the SFIP-1 Pledge.
229

##### Foot Note 229

×

D&CC at para 93.

The plaintiff admits in reply that it had notice that the second defendant was
the sole unitholder of the SFIP-1 Unit Trust. 230

##### Foot Note 230

×

R&DCC at para 87.

As the second defendant clarified in its submissions, 231

##### Foot Note 231

×

D2CS at paras 188 and 266.

the real issue in this context is whether the plaintiff had notice that the
second defendant did not consent to the assets in the SFIP-1 Account becoming
subject to the plaintiff’s security interest under the SFIP-1 Pledge.

(1) Time of assessing good faith and notice

172 The first question is at what date I should assess good faith and notice.
The plaintiff’s security interest was created on 7 March 2008, when Volaw
executed the SFIP-1 Pledge. Part of the second defendant’s case, however, is
that the plaintiff had notice of the second defendant’s beneficial interest as
a result of events which took place after 7 March 2008. In support of this
aspect of its case, the second defendant submits that the plaintiff was a
purchaser for value of a fresh security interest each time the second
defendant transferred fresh assets into the SFIP-1 Account after 7 March 2008.
232

##### Foot Note 232

×

Transcript, 30 March 2021, at p 86, lines 19–21.

173 The plaintiff 233

##### Foot Note 233

×

PCS at para 269.

and the second defendant 234

##### Foot Note 234

×

D2CS at para 196.

cite authorities that agree that the relevant time to assess good faith and
notice is the time of the transfer of the legal interest: Macmillan Inc v
Bishopsgate Investment Trust plc and others (No 3) [1995] 1 WLR 978
(“Macmillan (HC)”) at 1000; Lewin on Trusts vol 2 at para 44-137. The second
defendant adds that in transactions involving two stages – eg, a contract to
acquire a legal interest followed later by an actual transfer of the legal
interest – a purchaser cannot avail himself of the bona fide purchaser defence
if he has notice at any time before the transfer: Lewin on Trusts vol 2 at
para 44-138. 235

##### Foot Note 235

×

D2CS at para 193.

Snell’s Equity, cited by the plaintiff, adds that a purchaser cannot avail
himself of the bona fide purchaser defence if he has notice after the
conveyance is executed but before he pays the whole purchase price: at para
4-027.

174 The parties differ on the application of these propositions to the assets
in this case. The second defendant submits that the relevant time is each time
assets belonging to the second defendant were transferred into the SFIP-1
Account. 236

##### Foot Note 236

×

D2CS at para 196.

It argues that the plaintiff’s security interest came into existence, attached
to each asset and was perfected only when that asset was transferred into the
SFIP-1 Account. 237

##### Foot Note 237

×

D2CS at paras 196(b)–196(c); Transcript, 30 March 2021, at p 84, lines 1–5.

By this means, the second defendant argues that events even after 7 March 2008
are relevant to the plaintiff’s good faith and to whether it had notice. In
response, the plaintiff submits that the relevant time is the time it
purchased its security interest. On the facts of this case, that is the time
the plaintiff acquired a security interest over the present and future assets
in the SFIP-1 Account. This was the date of the SFIP-1 Pledge: 7 March 2008.
On the plaintiff’s case, it is not relevant that the SFIP-1 Account contained
no assets at that time. 238

##### Foot Note 238

×

PCS at para 269.

175 The relevant time to assess good faith and notice is the time the legal
interest attaches to the property: Personal Property Law at para 24.188. This
time may, in some situations, coincide with the time the interest is created.
But where it does not coincide, “the focus being on the transfer, it is the
attachment and hence notice then that matters”: Personal Property Law at para
24.188.

176 The SFIP-1 Pledge is in strict legal terms a charge and not a pledge. A
consensual security interest other than a pledge attaches to an asset if five
conditions are met (Ewan McKendrick, Goode on Commercial Law (LexisNexis, 5th
Ed, 2016) (“Goode”) at para 23.07):

(a) There is a security agreement conforming to any statutory formalities;

(b) The asset to be given in security is identifiable as falling within the
scope of the agreement;

(c) The debtor has power to give the asset;

(d) There is some current obligation of the debtor to the creditor, or to
another, which the asset is designed to secure; and

(e) Any contractual conditions for attachment are fulfilled.

177 The fourth condition is important to understanding the SFIP-1 Pledge.
Using the example of a charge securing a current account, Goode explains that
there is attachment whenever the creditor has an advance outstanding. Further,
so long as there are advances outstanding, the security interest is regarded
as having attached retroactively, ie from the date of the security agreement
(at paras 23.15 and 23.21, citing Tailby v Official Receiver (1888) 13 App Cas
523 at 533; Re Lind [1915] 2 Ch 345 at 374):

23.15 Until the creditor has made his advance, so as to impose on the debtor
an obligation of repayment, no security interest can be said to attach. ... If
there is no current indebtedness, there can be no attachment; and if an
advance is made and then repaid, attachment ceases, though it will revive with
effect from the date of the security instrument if a new advance is made
pursuant to that instrument. This is the true analysis of so-called continuing
security of the kind exemplified by a charge in favour of a bank to secure a
current account. So long as there is a debit balance on the account there is a
security interest with continuous existence as from the date of the security
agreement. But at those times when the account is in credit or has a nil
balance, the security reverts to the inchoate status it possessed before the
first drawing was made on the account.

...

23.21 ... when all the ingredients of attachment come together then, unless
otherwise agreed, the security interest attaches as from the date of the
security agreement. In other words, the security agreement creates an inchoate
security which is treated by the law in very much the same way as it treats an
unborn child. Until birth, a child has no legal existence and cannot be the
claimant in an action. After birth, it acquires legal status and can sue even
for injuries it sustained before birth. The birth gives it rights in law which
run back to the time of conception. So also with the inchoate security
interest. It exists by virtue of the security agreement but requires the added
components of interest and obligation to give it substance. ...

[emphasis added]

This analysis suffices to dispose of the second defendant’s argument that the
plaintiff’s security interest attached afresh as and when the second defendant
transferred assets into the SFIP-1 Account. Once the plaintiff made advances
to the first defendant, the plaintiff’s security interest ran back in time to
7 March 2008.

178 The second defendant also argues that, even if the plaintiff’s security
interest did not attach each time the second defendant transferred fresh
assets into the SFIP-1 Account, 239

##### Foot Note 239

×

Transcript, 30 March 2021, at p 85, line 18.

the plaintiff purchased a security interest each time the plaintiff made fresh
advances to the first defendant. 240

##### Foot Note 240

×

Transcript, 30 March 2021, at p 84, lines 1–5; p 86, lines 9–21.

I do not accept the second defendant’s characterisation. Goode takes the view
that, when a person takes security over future property or for future
advances, there is only one security interest. In the case of future property
coming within the scope of the security, that security interest expands as
that property comes in. In the case of future advances against that security
interest, the quantum of the security interest varies according to the amount
outstanding from time to time. This single-interest theory explains the
retroactive effect of attachment: Goode at paras 23.23–23.24.

179 The retroactive effect of attachment generally gives the creditor priority
based on the date of the security agreement (Goode at para 23.22):

The retroactive effect of attachment ... means that where priority falls to be
determined by the date of creation of competing interests, an attached
security interest in favour of A is considered to have effect as from the date
of the security agreement and will thus have priority over an interest granted
to B and attaching after the date of A’s security agreement and before
attachment of A’s interest. …

180 The second defendant does not argue for an exception to this priority rule
similar to the common law exception for tacking further advances to a first
legal mortgage. Under that exception, a first legal mortgagee has priority
over a second mortgagee for advances made without notice of the second
mortgage but not for advances made after notice of the second mortgage unless
the person holding the second mortgage consents: Goode at para 23.22, n 61 and
para 24.20. In any event, the time of each advance made by the plaintiff after
7 March 2008 is not set out in the second defendant’s pleadings or
submissions.

181 I therefore hold, on the facts of this case, that the plaintiff’s security
interest under the SFIP-1 Pledge attached to the SFIP-1 Account once and for
all with effect from 7 March 2008 and not as and when the second defendant
transferred fresh assets into the SFIP-1 Account or as and when the plaintiff
made fresh advances. Therefore, the only date I need to consider to assess
whether the plaintiff acted in good faith or had notice is that single date: 7
March 2008.

(2) Law on notice

182 Notice may be actual or constructive. In MKC Associates, Woo Bih Li J (as
he then was) distinguished between actual and constructive notice as follows
(at [295]):

… A person has actual notice of another’s interest in that property if he has
actual personal knowledge of it. On the other hand, constructive notice is
notice which a reasonable man in the position of the person dealing with the
property in question would have acquired if there were facts putting him on
inquiry and he should have, acting reasonably, carried out inquiries to dispel
or confirm the existence of another’s adverse interest in the property;
however, a purchaser is not required to act on the slightest suspicion as to
the existence of a prior equitable interest (see Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore
vol 9(3) (LexisNexis, 2003) at paras 110.80–110.081).

[emphasis in original]

Actual notice also includes wilful blindness of an equitable interest: Snell’s
Equity at para 4-028.

183 The test for constructive notice is whether a reasonable person in the
purchaser’s position either (a) should have appreciated that a property right
in the asset probably existed, or (b) should have made inquiries or sought
advice which would have revealed the probable existence of the right:
Papadimitriou v Crédit Agricole Corpn and Investment Bank [2015] 1 WLR 4265
(“Papadimitriou”) at [14]–[15]; Snell’s Equity at para 4-035. In the latter
scenario, facts known to the purchaser form the basis of the purchaser’s need
to make inquiries. As Lord Clarke explained in Papadimitriou at [20]:

… on the one hand, the bank’s knowledge of facts indicating the mere
possibility of a third party having a proprietary right would not be enough to
put the bank on inquiry but, on the other hand, it is not necessary for the
bank to conclude that it probably had such a right. The test is somewhere in
between. It may be formulated in this way. The bank must make inquiries if
there is a serious possibility of a third party having such a right or, put in
another way, if the facts known to the bank would give a reasonable banker in
the position of the particular banker serious cause to question the propriety
of the transaction …

[emphasis added]

184 The second defendant argues that the plaintiff had actual or constructive
notice of the six matters set out in [187] below. Based on notice of those
matters, the second defendant submits that the plaintiff had notice that the
second defendant did not consent to the plaintiff taking a security interest
over the assets in the SFIP-1 Account. 241

##### Foot Note 241

×

D2CS at paras 264–266.

185 To the extent that the second defendant’s submission suggests that notice
of those six matters in turn establishes that the plaintiff had notice that
the second defendant did not consent, I consider that the inquiry should not
be framed in that way. The subject of the doctrine of notice is the pre-
existing equitable interest (Personal Property Law at para 24.175). The case
law formulates the tests for actual and constructive notice in terms of notice
of the pre-existing equitable interest (see [182]–[183] above). To create two
levels at which notice may be found, as the second defendant does, would mean
that constructive notice of a fact – that fact being one which the purchaser
would have discovered had it made inquiries – could itself be taken to have
required the purchaser to make further inquiries which would have revealed the
pre-existing equitable interest. That approach broadens the doctrine of notice
beyond its proper bounds.

186 Another consideration relevant to constructive notice is that the court is
concerned with property rights and not with an actionable duty to investigate:
Papadimitriou at [33]. In Sinclair Investments (UK) Ltd v Versailles Trade
Finance Ltd (in administrative receivership) and others [2012] Ch 453 at [99],
the English Court of Appeal, quoting Macmillan (HC) at 1014, noted that the
question of constructive notice should be approached on the basis that the
purchaser, unless alerted to the possibility of wrongdoing, is entitled to
proceed on the assumption that it is dealing with an honest counterparty:

… a meticulous and detailed examination of every document, letter, record or
minute to see whether it threw any light on the true ownership of the
[relevant assets] which a careful reader—with instant recall of the whole of
the contents of his files—ought to have detected. That is not the proper
approach. Account officers are not detectives. Unless and until they are
alerted to the possibility of wrongdoing, they proceed, and are entitled to
proceed, on the assumption that they are dealing with honest men. …

(3) The second defendant’s case

187 The second defendant pleads that the following six matters put the
plaintiff on notice that the second defendant did not consent to the SFIP-1
Pledge:

(a) The SFIP-1 Pledge was illegal under Taiwanese law; 242

##### Foot Note 242

×

D&CC at para 109.

(b) The second defendant lacked power or capacity to consent to the SFIP-1
Pledge; 243

##### Foot Note 243

×

D&CC at para 95.

(c) The second defendant did not consent to the SFIP-1 Pledge, because Mr Teng
had neither actual nor ostensible authority to consent in its behalf; 244

##### Foot Note 244

×

D&CC at paras 97 and 99(2)–99(3); D2CS at para 210.

(d) The first defendant did not borrow money from the plaintiff under the
Facility for the corporate benefit of the second defendant or its affiliates;
245

##### Foot Note 245

×

D&CC at paras 82 and 83; D2CS at paras 225–226.

(e) The second defendant’s subscriptions to the SFIP-1 Unit Trust were illegal
under Taiwanese law; 246

##### Foot Note 246

×

D&CC at para 100.

and

(f) The second defendant did not subscribe to the SFIP-1 Unit Trust, because
Mr Teng had neither actual nor ostensible authority to subscribe on its
behalf. 247

##### Foot Note 247

×

D&CC at para 97; D2CS at para 210.

188 The second defendant also pleads that Volaw executed the SFIP-1 Pledge
“before receiving the required ‘prior’ consent” of the second defendant as
required by the Trust Deed. 248

##### Foot Note 248

×

D&CC at para 99(1).

The second defendant’s submissions on this plea are subsumed under the second
to fourth issues set out at [187] above. That is because the second defendant
rightly does not argue that the timing of the Consent Letters, in itself, put
the plaintiff on notice. Rather, it argues that the plaintiff had actual
notice that Volaw executed the SFIP-1 Pledge without prior consent, and
therefore in breach of trust, because the plaintiff knew that: (a) the second
defendant lacked the capacity or power to make its assets available as
security; 249

##### Foot Note 249

×

D2CS at para 263(a).

(b) Mr Teng lacked authority to provide the second defendant’s assets on its
behalf as security for the first defendant’s debts; 250

##### Foot Note 250

×

D2CS at para 263(b).

and (c) Mr Teng was acting for his personal benefit. 251

##### Foot Note 251

×

D2CS at para 263(c).

(4) Consent to the SFIP-1 Pledge

189 The first three matters of the six listed in [187] above can be dealt with
briefly. Given my finding that Taiwanese law as pleaded did not prohibit the
second defendant from consenting to the SFIP-1 Pledge (see [104] above), the
plaintiff could not have had notice that the SFIP-1 Pledge was illegal or that
the second defendant’s consent to the SFIP-1 Pledge was illegal. Given my
finding that the second defendant had the power and capacity to consent to the
SFIP-1 Pledge (see [105] above), the plaintiff could not have had notice that
the second defendant lacked that power or capacity. Given my finding that Mr
Teng had actual authority to consent on the second defendant’s behalf to the
SFIP-1 Pledge (see [112] above), the plaintiff could not have had notice that
Mr Teng lacked that authority.

(5) Mr Teng’s and Mr Huang’s personal benefit

190 On the fourth of the six matters, the second defendant relies on four
groups of facts to submit that the plaintiff knew or was put on inquiry that
the first defendant transferred the loans it drew under the Facility for Mr
Teng’s personal benefit and not for the second defendant’s corporate benefit.
252

##### Foot Note 252

×

D&CC at para 68; D2CS at p 122, heading D and paras 225–226.

I find that the plaintiff neither knew nor was put on inquiry of this. I
consider in turn the four groups of facts on which the second defendant
relies.

(A) Fund transfers to third parties

191 First, the second defendant relies on loan disbursements that took place
under the STAAP Structure, ie, before Volaw executed the SFIP-1 Pledge. Before
7 March 2008, the plaintiff’s loan disbursements to the first defendant
resulted in the following flow of funds:

(a) In September 2007, the first defendant transferred US$22m to the account
of High Grounds with the plaintiff. 253

##### Foot Note 253

×

21 AB 11756.

(i) On the same date, High Grounds transferred US$20,005,000 out of that sum
to a company called Top Vogue Global Ltd. 254

##### Foot Note 254

×

21 AB 11755.

(ii) In January 2008, High Grounds transferred US$300,000 out of the remaining
sum to Oppenheimer & Co Inc, for further credit to an account belonging to Mr
Teng. 255

##### Foot Note 255

×

23 AB 12617.

(iii) In March 2008, High Grounds transferred US$350,000 out of the remaining
sum to an account belonging to Mr Teng. 256

##### Foot Note 256

×

25 AB 13772.

(b) In January 2008, the first defendant transferred US$3m to Top Vogue Global
Ltd. 257

##### Foot Note 257

×

23 AB 12646.

The second defendant argues that the plaintiff knew or should have known that
the first defendant and High Grounds were not subsidiaries of the second
defendant. 258

##### Foot Note 258

×

D2CS at paras 227–239.

192 It cannot be disputed that the plaintiff knew that the first defendant and
High Grounds were initially beneficially owned by Mr Teng and Mr Huang. The
plaintiff’s Ms Wu and Edna Leung acquired the first defendant and High Grounds
as special purpose companies in May 2007 and established the initial
declarations of trust by these two companies’ nominee shareholders. 259

##### Foot Note 259

×

16 AB 8466–8467.

193 As the plaintiff submits, 260

##### Foot Note 260

×

PCS at para 283.

these declarations of trust were consistent with an earlier investment
structure that the plaintiff formulated for Mr Teng and Mr Huang, even before
formulating the STAAP Structure. Mr Chiu, who was the Head of Private Banking
at the plaintiff’s Hong Kong branch at the material time, 261

##### Foot Note 261

×

Chiu’s AEIC at para 9.

gave evidence that, under that proposed structure, Mr Teng and Mr Huang were
to be the investment managers of a private label fund in which the second
defendant would invest. To implement that structure, the plaintiff acquired
the first defendant and High Grounds, with Mr Teng and Mr Huang declared as
their beneficial owners . 262

##### Foot Note 262

×

Chiu’s AEIC at para 55.

194 However, the beneficial ownership of both companies changed in June 2007.
On 25 June 2007, Ms Leung sent Nancy Lam, who was then the Head of Credit of
the plaintiff’s Hong Kong branch, 263

##### Foot Note 263

×

AEIC of Nancy Lam dated 30 June 2020 at para 1.

a preliminary credit request that Ms Leung and Ms Wu had prepared for her
review. 264

##### Foot Note 264

×

18 AB 9873.

It identified the borrowers as the first defendant and High Grounds and said
that their beneficial owners were Mr Teng and Mr Huang. 265

##### Foot Note 265

×

18 AB 9636 and 9638.

195 The next day, Ms Lam asked Ms Wu and Ms Leung why they proposed to lend
money to a vehicle that belonged to the second defendant’s major shareholders
personally, rather than to a vehicle belonging to the second defendant as the
sole and ultimate beneficial owner. 266

##### Foot Note 266

×

18 AB 9872.

On the same day, Ms Wu and Ms Leung procured a change in the beneficial owners
of the first defendant: 267

##### Foot Note 267

×

18 AB 9721–9722.

the nominee shareholders of the first defendant and High Grounds executed new
declarations of trusts, by which they declared that they held the shares in
those companies on behalf of the second defendant. 268

##### Foot Note 268

×

18 AB 9840 and 9850.

On 28 June 2007, it was confirmed to the Head of Compliance of the plaintiff’s
Hong Kong branch, 269

##### Foot Note 269

×

Lee’s AEIC at para 17.

Michael Tang, that the beneficial owner “of the BVI (borrower) is [the second
defendant]”. 270

##### Foot Note 270

×

18 AB 9872.

I therefore find that the plaintiff did make reasonable inquiry into the
beneficial ownership of the first defendant and High Grounds. More than that,
they ensured that the anomaly that they found was addressed by fresh
declarations of trust in favour of the second defendant.

196 As the plaintiff submits, 271

##### Foot Note 271

×

PCS at para 283.

this change was consistent with the reformulated investment structure. Mr Chiu
gave evidence that the investment structure evolved such that the first
defendant would be the borrowing vehicle and High Grounds would be the
investing vehicle. 272

##### Foot Note 272

×

Chiu’s AEIC at para 55.

The plaintiff’s banking expert, Anna Melis, gave evidence that this revised
structure required the first defendant and High Grounds to be wholly owned
subsidiaries of the second defendant. 273

##### Foot Note 273

×

AEIC of Anna Monique Melis dated 14 August 2020, Exhibit AMM-2 (“Melis’s Reply
Report”) at para 6.4.

197 The second defendant’s beneficial ownership of both High Grounds and the
first defendant is consistent with information given in the original client
information profiles for the High Grounds Account and the Surewin Account (see
[15] above) in June 2007. Specifically, although Mr Teng and Mr Huang were
named as the beneficial owners of both companies in the profiles, the profiles
also noted that, to enhance business confidentiality and tax planning on the
private label fund to be structured, the second defendant with “2 other fully
owned offshore companies” (ie, the first defendant and High Grounds) would
open accounts with the plaintiff’s Hong Kong and Singapore branches. 274

##### Foot Note 274

×

17 AB 9457 and 9472.

From a legal perspective, it is unclear why these profiles listed Mr Teng and
Mr Huang as the beneficial owners of the first defendant and High Grounds
while describing those companies as “fully owned” by the second defendant. The
second defendant’s banking expert, Terence Liew, agreed in cross-examination
that, based on the original client information profiles, the plaintiff would
have understood that the beneficial owners of each company was changed to
rectify the situation. 275

##### Foot Note 275

×

Transcript, 9 September 2020, at p 49, line 6 to p 50, line 16.

198 The second defendant argues that the plaintiff should have verified the
beneficial ownership of the first defendant. It highlights emails in which the
plaintiff’s Global Head of Compliance, 276

##### Foot Note 276

×

Transcript, 21 August 2020, at p 132, lines 2–3.

Karen Egger, asked for independent documentation of the second defendant’s
ownership of the first defendant. On 10 August 2007, Ms Egger asked Mr Tang to
“independently verify and document [the second defendant’s] ownership of [the
first defendant]”. 277

##### Foot Note 277

×

20 AB 10705.

She then emailed Ms Wu, Mr Lee and Frederick Link (the Group General Counsel)
278

##### Foot Note 278

×

Lee’s AEIC at para 17.

and copied, among others, Mr Tang, Ms Lam and Ms Leung: 279

##### Foot Note 279

×

20 AB 10694.

As a higher risk transaction, standards of enhanced due diligence apply. I
have asked for the ownership of [the first defendant] by [the second
defendant] to be independently validated and documented. One way to do this
would [be] to see [the first defendant] on [the second defendant’s] balance
sheet. An alternative would be production by [the second defendant] of the
registered or bearer shares of [the first defendant]. …

199 As the second defendant points out, 280

##### Foot Note 280

×

D2CS at para 233.

there is no evidence that the plaintiff used either of these methods. But it
did document ownership using the nominee shareholders’ declarations of trust
in favour of the second defendant. 281

##### Foot Note 281

×

18 AB 9840.

Following Ms Egger’s email to her, Ms Wu emailed Mr Tang to ask, “What does
Karen want? To prove the ownership by share? or to prove the beneficary [sic]
by other doc. like declation [sic] of trust?” 282

##### Foot Note 282

×

20 AB 10716.

Mr Tang replied that a declaration of trust was required to prove the second
defendant’s ownership: 283

##### Foot Note 283

×

20 AB 10716.

Since the shares will be registered in the name of the nominee shareholders,
you would need to produce “declaration of trust” to evidence the underlying
shareholders of [the first defendant]. We need supporting doc. to show [the
first defendant]is 100% owned by [the second defendant], so the share
certificate and the declaration of trust are both required to show the
ownership of [the first defendant].

If you’re telling me there is no documentation to prove the ownership of [the
first defendant], this will be the end of the story.

This declaration of trust was duly secured and provided to the plaintiff
within a few days. 284

##### Foot Note 284

×

20 AB 10714.

200 On 24 August 2007, Ms Egger emailed Mr Tang, Mr Link, Ms Wu, Ms Leung and
others to “confirm that [she was] now satisfied that [the plaintiff had] met
[its] compliance obligations”. She added, “Please however keep in mind that
this is a high risk account and high risk transaction. As such, each and every
movement and any changes during the entire life of the relationship must be
subject to the same level of scrutiny as applied to the initial acceptance.”
285

##### Foot Note 285

×

20 AB 11239.

201 The evidence shows that, from June to August 2007, during the plaintiff’s
internal approval process for the STAAP Structure, Ms Lam, Mr Tang and Ms
Egger all raised queries about the beneficial ownership of the first
defendant. The discrepancy in the beneficial ownership was rectified. Their
queries were answered to their satisfaction. I find that the first defendant
and High Grounds were, in fact, the second defendant’s subsidiaries.

202 Still, the second defendant argues that the plaintiff ought to have
realised that the second defendant could not simply acquire any offshore
company, such as the first defendant and High Grounds, as a subsidiary. 286

##### Foot Note 286

×

D2CS at para 234.

It gives three reasons.

203 First, the plaintiff had a copy of the second defendant’s articles of
incorporation. As translated, it provides that subsidiaries may be established
only “with the submission of the relevant resolution of the board of directors
to the competent authority for approval”. 287

##### Foot Note 287

×

15 AB 8034.

The plaintiff did not ask whether the FSC had approved the second defendant’s
acquisition of the first defendant and High Grounds. 288

##### Foot Note 288

×

D2CS at para 234(a).

I do not consider it reasonable to expect the plaintiff to ask that question.
There were no circumstances which made it reasonable for the plaintiff to do
so. The plaintiff was at this time dealing directly with the two most senior
executives in the second defendant and its two majority shareholders. They
were entitled to proceed on the assumption that these two men were honest men
and that the second defendant had complied with all of its internal and
external obligations.

204 Second, Art 146 of the TIA, read with Art 3(1) of the Regulations
Governing Foreign Investments by Insurance Companies 1993 (“the Foreign
Investment Regulations”), provided that Taiwanese insurance companies could
not incorporate or invest in foreign insurance or insurance-related companies
unless the FSC gave approval. The second defendant says that the plaintiff
should have realised that something was amiss if the first defendant had only
nominee shareholders and if its beneficial ownership could be redirected
simply through a fresh declaration of trust. 289

##### Foot Note 289

×

D2CS at para 234(b).

I do not accept that the plaintiff should have drawn this conclusion. The need
for investments to be approved does not in itself limit the ways in which
investments may be made.

205 Third, the plaintiff had the memorandum and articles of association of the
first defendant. They provided that, for the purposes of s 9(4) of the BVI
Business Companies Act 2004 (No 16 of 2004) (BVI), the first defendant “has no
power to … carry on business as an insurance … company … unless it is licensed
under an enactment authorising it to carry on that business”. 290

##### Foot Note 290

×

15 AB 8209.

To apply that provision to this situation, the second defendant relies 291

##### Foot Note 291

×

D2CS at para 234(c).

on Mr Chiu’s evidence in cross-examination that he would consider the first
defendant’s investment of the second defendant’s policyholders’ monies to be a
part of the second defendant’s insurance business. 292

##### Foot Note 292

×

Transcript, 26 August 2020, at p 8, line 10 to p 9, line 14.

But that evidence does not establish that the first defendant was carrying on
business as an insurance company, let alone that it was doing so as a matter
of BVI law or that the plaintiff knew the relevant BVI law.

206 I do not accept the factual premise of the second defendant’s submission
that the first defendant and High Grounds were not the second defendant’s
subsidiaries, let alone its further submission that the circumstances put the
plaintiff on notice of something amiss in the second defendant acquiring and
establishing these two companies as subsidiaries in this way.

207 As for Mr Teng’s personal receipt of some of the loan monies under the
STAAP Structure, that does not suffice to put the plaintiff on notice of the
second defendant’s beneficial interest in the assets underlying the SFIP-1
Unit Trust structure. The facts known to the plaintiff at the time of the
transfers, as analysed above, did not alert the plaintiff to the possibility
of wrongdoing, in particular to the possibility that the loan monies were
being misappropriated for Mr Teng’s personal benefit. The plaintiff was
entitled to proceed on the assumption that it was dealing with an honest man.

(B) Loans off the balance sheet

208 Second, the second defendant submits that the plaintiff knew that the loan
monies were for Mr Teng’s and Mr Huang’s personal benefit because it knowingly
assisted them to avoid disclosing the loans in the second defendant’s
consolidated report. 293

##### Foot Note 293

×

D2CS at para 256.

In response, the plaintiff submits that keeping leverage off a company’s
balance sheet, where that does not violate relevant audit or accounting rules
and standards, does not in itself indicate impropriety. 294

##### Foot Note 294

×

PCS at paras 299 and 302.

209 Hsiao Pei-Ju is an auditor from KPMG. He audited the second defendant’s
foreign investments on the FSC’s directions 295

##### Foot Note 295

×

AEIC of Hsiao Pei-Ju dated 1 July 2020 at paras 7–9.

and gave evidence at trial. He agreed that whether one company’s accounts
ought to be consolidated with another’s depends on the corporate structure and
the applicable laws. 296

##### Foot Note 296

×

Transcript, 28 August 2020, at p 119, lines 3–8; p 123, lines 9–12.

There is no evidence of any violation of audit or accounting rules and
standards or laws applicable to the preparation of the second defendant’s
consolidated financial reports. So keeping the loans to the first defendant
off the second defendant’s balance sheet does not suffice to put the plaintiff
on inquiry that something was amiss.

(C) Concealment of the credit structure

210 Third, the second defendant argues that the plaintiff, through Ms Wu,
assisted Mr Teng and Mr Huang to conceal the existence of the loans and the
SFIP-1 Pledge from employees in the second defendant 297

##### Foot Note 297

×

D2CS at paras 257–258.

and from its auditors. 298

##### Foot Note 298

×

D2CS at para 259.

211 Most of the evidence on which the second defendant relies for this aspect
of its case consists of conduct by the plaintiff’s staff after Volaw executed
the SFIP-1 Pledge on 7 March 2008. The second defendant made clear in its
submissions that it relies on this conduct on the basis that good faith and
notice are to be assessed at points in time after 7 March 2008. 299

##### Foot Note 299

×

Transcript, 30 March 2021, at p 80, line 7 to p 82, line 2; p 89, lines 5–16.

Because I have rejected that basis, only two items of evidence are relevant.

212 On 24 August 2007, shortly before the STAAP Structure was put in place, Ms
Wu emailed Ms Leung and an employee of CM Advisors Ltd, which was the
subsidiary to which the plaintiff had delegated management of the STAAP
investments, as follows: 300

##### Foot Note 300

×

21 AB 11290.

…You two will be [the second defendant’s] contact windows on investment and on
operation in ‘Fund account’. There will be investment person or operation
person from [the second defendant] e-mail you or call you. Please just leave
all credit information with our bank. Please do not release credit related
information to thsoe [sic] person not in highest level. …

213 On 21 February 2008, Ms Wu emailed the second defendant’s Ms HF Chen: 301

##### Foot Note 301

×

24 AB 13219.

I think there is mistake on requirement of [the STAAP Account number]. [The
Singfor Account number] is [the second defendant’s] account, which is the
account should be confirmed. [The STAAP Account] is just a managed account by
Mandate Manager. The reporting level should be on [the second defendant’s]
account only. If you report both, there will be double counted on [the second
defendant’s] assets on summary basis.

214 The second defendant suggests that the second email was prompted by its
auditors sending the plaintiff a request for audit confirmation on the SFIP-1
Account. It says that Ms Wu – instead of informing Ms HF Chen that the SFIP-1
Account was an account held in Volaw’s name as she should have – perpetuated
the false impression that the plaintiff was managing assets owned by the
second defendant under a discretionary mandate. 302

##### Foot Note 302

×

D2CS at para 257(b).

This submission appears to be based on a confusion of the similar bank account
numbers of the STAAP Account and the SFIP-1 Account.

215 In any event, the second defendant’s case here is not that the plaintiff
was complicit in fraudulent acts. Rather, the second defendant’s case is that
Ms Wu’s and Ms Leung’s knowledge is attributable to the plaintiff. 303

##### Foot Note 303

×

Transcript, 30 March 2021, at p 65, line 22 to p 67, line 6.

Ms Wu’s two emails set out in [210] above do not show knowledge of any facts
that would have put the plaintiff on inquiry as to anything being amiss.

(D) Another pledge

216 The final fact that the second defendant relies on is that, in October
2013, Mr Teng instructed the third defendant to pledge the first defendant’s
assets under the SFIP-1 Unit Trust to secure loans to a company beneficially
owned by Mr Teng and known as Eaglemount Holdings Ltd. 304

##### Foot Note 304

×

51 AB 29210–29211.

Later that month, the third defendant executed the pledge. 305

##### Foot Note 305

×

51 AB 29228–29234.

The second defendant says that the plaintiff knew of the pledge. 306

##### Foot Note 306

×

D2CS p 143, heading iii.

Any such knowledge is irrelevant to the SFIP-1 Pledge because it comes after
the date on which actual or constructive notice is to be assessed, which is 7
March 2008.

(6) Illegality of the subscriptions under Taiwanese law

217 The second defendant argues that the plaintiff knew or was put on inquiry
that it was illegal under Taiwanese law for the second defendant to subscribe
to all of the units in the SFIP-1 Unit Trust. It says that the plaintiff did
not act in good faith “in failing to follow up on obvious problems”. 307

##### Foot Note 307

×

D2CS at para 209.

For the following reasons, I find that the second defendant’s subscriptions to
100% of the units in the SFIP-1 Unit Trust did violate Art 146-4 of the TIA
but that the plaintiff nevertheless acted in good faith in acquiring its
security interest.

(A) Article 146-4 of the TIA

218 Under Art 146-4 of the TIA, an insurance company’s foreign investments are
limited to, among other things, “foreign securities”. 308

##### Foot Note 308

×

Tseng’s 1st Report at paras 49–51.

Article 5 of the Foreign Investment Regulations defines “foreign securities”
to include “[s]ecurities representing interests in offshore funds”. Art 8
defines “offshore funds” to include “securities investment funds” and “[s]uch
other securities as may be approved by the competent authority”. 309

##### Foot Note 309

×

Huang’s 1st Report at para 36; Tseng’s 1st Report at paras 64–65; Tseng’s
Supplementary AEIC, Exhibit TWR-4 (“Tseng’s Responses to Written Questions”)
at para 10.

It is common ground that the competent authority is the FSC. 310

##### Foot Note 310

×

Huang’s 1st Report at para 33; Tseng’s Responses to Written Questions at para
9; Wang’s Responses to Written Questions at para 11.

219 The second defendant’s case is that the subscriptions to the SFIP-1 Unit
Trust were illegal because (a) they were a “foreign investment” within the
meaning of Art 146-4 of the TIA that did not fall within the categories of
foreign investments permitted under Art 146-4 of the TIA and the Foreign
Investment Regulations; and (b) the second defendant acquiring 100% of the
units in the SFIP-1 Unit Trust breached Art 8 of the Foreign Investment
Regulations. 311

##### Foot Note 311

×

D&CC at para 105.

220 In response, the plaintiff’s case is that the subscriptions to the SFIP-1
Unit Trust did not violate Art 146-4 because the SFIP-1 Unit Trust was an
investment vehicle to which the restrictions on foreign investments in the TIA
do not apply. 312

##### Foot Note 312

×

R&DCC at para 95.

The plaintiff did not pursue this point in its closing submissions. Instead,
its unpleaded submission is that the subscriptions were legal because the FSC
had a copy of the SFIP-1 Mandate and tacitly approved it. 313

##### Foot Note 313

×

PCS at paras 155–158.

221 The parties’ experts disagree as to the permissible form of the FSC’s
approval under Art 8 of the Foreign Investment Regulations. According to the
plaintiff’s Taiwanese law expert, Prof Huang, it “may be possible, in
principle”, for the FSC to give approval after an investment is made and to do
so orally or even impliedly. This is because Art 146-4 of the TIA does not
require the FSC’s approval to be express approval in writing given prior to
making the foreign investment. 314

##### Foot Note 314

×

Huang’s 2nd AEIC, Exhibit YKH-5 (“Huang’s Responses to Written Questions”) at
para 1.

But he adds that he would nevertheless expect that an insurance company “would
normally be required to obtain the FSC’s approval before entering into the
proposed foreign investment”; that “typically both the application and
approval ... would be made and given in writing”; and that, “for the principle
of stability and clarity of administrative disposition, the implicit approval
of the FSC would have to be clear from the circumstances and conveyed to the
insurance company”. 315

##### Foot Note 315

×

Huang’s Responses to Written Questions at para 1.

Prof Huang’s heavily qualified evidence thus reflects his own reservations on
the plaintiff’s case that the FSC may give implied approval.

222 The second defendant’s experts, Prof Tseng and Prof Wang, take the view
that the FSC’s approval must be prior, express approval in writing. Approval
cannot be inferred from the fact that the FSC does not object when a company
reports its foreign investments to the FSC. 316

##### Foot Note 316

×

Tseng’s Responses to Written Questions at para 10; Wang’s Responses to Written
Questions at para 12.

Given the structure of Art 146-4 read with the Foreign Investment Regulations
and the Guidelines on the Scope and Content of Foreign Investments Conducted
by Insurance Companies, the FSC’s approval under Art 146-4 is not approval of
specific transactions on a case-by-case basis, but rather approval of the
types of foreign investments that all insurance companies may enter into. 317

##### Foot Note 317

×

Tseng’s Responses to Written Questions at para 10; Wang’s Responses to Written
Questions at para 12.

To observe the principle of fair treatment, the FSC must convey its approval
to the insurance industry as a whole through an official order. 318

##### Foot Note 318

×

Tseng’s Responses to Written Questions at para 10.

If there is no official order authorising the category of investments into
which the SFIP-1 Unit Trust falls, the subscriptions to the units of the
SFIP-1 Unit Trust are not within the scope of permitted foreign investments.
319

##### Foot Note 319

×

Tseng’s Responses to Written Questions at para 13.

Prof Tseng gives examples of such orders that the FSC has issued. 320

##### Foot Note 320

×

Tseng’s Responses to Written Questions at para 10.

She further explains that, “[a]s a matter of administrative practice, a
supervisory financial institution in Taiwan will not rely on ‘implied
approval’ or ‘tacit approval’ in the regulation of entities”. 321

##### Foot Note 321

×

Tseng’s Responses to Written Questions at para 10.

223 I accept the evidence of the second defendant’s experts. It takes into
account the legislative scheme, the regulatory context, the underlying purpose
of each and the FSC’s actual practice. Prof Huang does not explain how the
principle of stability and clarity of administrative disposition would allow a
regulated insurance company to invest in unapproved securities on the basis
that it will then wait and see if the FSC impliedly approves the investment
after the fact.

224 Because the subscriptions to the SFIP-1 Unit Trust do not fall either
within the category of “securities investment funds” or “[s]uch other
securities as may be approved by the competent authority”, I find that the
subscriptions were illegal.

(B) Good faith and notice

225 The second defendant submits that the plaintiff designed and facilitated
the SFIP-1 Structure with Canaras to circumvent Taiwanese law restrictions on
the second defendant’s subscriptions to the SFIP-1 Unit Trust. The plaintiff
shut its eyes to possibility that such circumvention was illegal. 322

##### Foot Note 322

×

D2CS paras 207–208.

226 In response, the plaintiff submits that, when Volaw executed the SFIP-1
Pledge, the plaintiff had reason to believe and did believe that the SFIP-1
Structure, including the second defendant’s subscription to the SFIP-1 Unit
Trust, was legal under Taiwanese law. 323

##### Foot Note 323

×

PRS at para 42.

It submits that the plaintiff obtained Taiwanese legal opinions before
approving the STAAP Structure, and that Mr Link formed the view that the
SFIP-1 Structure appeared to be legal based on those opinions. 324

##### Foot Note 324

×

PRS at para 106.

227 In 2007, even before the STAAP Structure was approved, the plaintiff
obtained three Taiwanese legal opinions from Chien Yeh Law Offices (“Chien
Yeh”). On 31 July 2007, Chien Yeh issued its first opinion, 325

##### Foot Note 325

×

19 AB 10389.

which addressed foreign investment by Taiwanese insurance companies. On 9
August 2007, Chien Yeh issued a second opinion, 326

##### Foot Note 326

×

19 AB 10392.

which reviewed the draft STAAP Mandate for compliance with Taiwanese law. On
14 August 2007, Chien Yeh issued a third opinion 327

##### Foot Note 327

×

19 AB 10395.

to amend and expand on the first opinion.

228 The second defendant submits that there is no evidence that the plaintiff
told Chien Yeh a number of facts that were material for a meaningful opinion.
328

##### Foot Note 328

×

D2CS at para 157(b).

In response, the plaintiff submits that Chien Yeh’s legal opinions show the
plaintiff gave Chien Yeh the information necessary for it to give its advice.
329

##### Foot Note 329

×

PRS at para 48.

229 I accept the plaintiff’s submission.

230 First, the plaintiff informed Chien Yeh that the company in question was
an insurance company. 330

##### Foot Note 330

×

Transcript, 30 March 2021, at p 205, lines 14–15.

Thus the first opinion identified its topic as “the scope and types of foreign
investment made by insurance enterprises of Taiwan” and referred to Art 146-4
of the TIA as the applicable legislation. 331

##### Foot Note 331

×

19 AB 10389 at chapeau and para 1.

231 Second, the plaintiff informed Chien Yeh that the insurance company might
invest in foreign securities investment trust funds. 332

##### Foot Note 332

×

Transcript, 30 March 2021, at p 205, lines 14–17.

Thus the first opinion referred to the bond or fund managers complying with
“laws and regulations in the registered country of foreign bonds or foreign
securities investment trust funds”. 333

##### Foot Note 333

×

19 AB 10390–10391 at para 5.

232 Third, the plaintiff informed Chien Yeh that the fund manager wished to
borrow or to mortgage or pledge the assets in the investment trust fund to
secure third-party debts. 334

##### Foot Note 334

×

Transcript, 30 March 2021, at p 206, lines 6–8.

The second defendant says that there is no evidence that the plaintiff told
Chien Yeh any of the following material facts: (a) that the second defendant’s
wholly owned subsidiary would borrow from the plaintiff; and (b) that the
second defendant would consent to the private label fund pledging the
investment portfolio to secure the subsidiary’s loans. 335

##### Foot Note 335

×

D2CS at para 157(b).

But the first and third opinions show that, although the plaintiff did not
specify that the borrower would be a subsidiary, it obtained advice on consent
to a pledge of the investment portfolio to secure loans to any company, which
would obviously include an affiliate such as a subsidiary.

233 The relevant part of the first opinion reads: 336

##### Foot Note 336

×

19 AB 10390–10391 at para 5.

… while a Taiwanese insurance enterprise makes foreign investment in
compliance with the investment types and investment amount stipulated under
the Insurance Act, the Regulations and other relevant rules and regulations,
the subject insurance enterprise can invest in foreign bonds or foreign
securities investment trust funds in which the bond manager or fund manager is
allowed, under consents of bondholders or fund investors and in compliance
with the laws of its registered country, to borrow/mortgage/pledge for third
parities [sic] by using assets on bond/fund.

[emphasis added]

234 The third opinion replaced this sentence with more detailed advice. That
advice shows that the plaintiff had informed Chien Yeh that the investment
structure might involve a pledge over all the assets of the fund to secure the
plaintiff’s loans to any third party: 337

##### Foot Note 337

×

19 AB 10395.

Accordingly, the subject insurance enterprise can invest in foreign bonds or
foreign securities investment trust funds in which the bond manager or fund
manager is allowed, under consents of bondholders or fund investors and in
compliance with the laws of its registered country, to grant a security
interest, mortgage or pledge over the assets of the fund in support of a loan
to be provided by a bank to a third party. Moreover, once the relevant laws of
Taiwan as described above and the registered country are followed, the
insurance enterprise, as the bondholders or fund investors, may grant a
consent to the bond manager or fund manager to grant a security interest,
mortgage or pledge over the assets of the fund in support of a loan to be
provided by a bank to any third party, related or not. The identity and
qualification of the said third party is not limited, and there are no
restrictions on the use of proceeds from the loan made to the third party and
secured by assets of the fund.

[emphasis added]

235 Fourth, before Chien Yeh issued its third opinion, the plaintiff provided
Chien Yeh a copy of the STAAP Mandate, which showed that the insurance company
was likely to be the sole investor in the fund. 338

##### Foot Note 338

×

PCS at para 219.

This addresses the second defendant’s argument that there is no evidence that
the plaintiff informed Chien Yeh of the following facts: (a) that a private
label fund would hold an investment portfolio intended to belong to the second
defendant; and (b) that the second defendant would invest and wholly own 100%
of the private label fund. 339

##### Foot Note 339

×

D2CS at para 157(b).

236 Specifically, cl 4 of the STAAP Mandate provided that the plaintiff was
authorised “to employ in [its] absolute discretion the most suitable structure
in order to facilitate the implementation of the investment strategy,
indicatively including a dedicated fund structure” [emphasis added]. 340

##### Foot Note 340

×

20 AB 10975.

The second defendant’s banking expert, Mr Liew, testified that he understood
“dedicated” in cl 4 to mean that the fund would have “a single owner”. 341

##### Foot Note 341

×

Transcript, 9 September 2020, at p 65, lines 20–23.

Clause 4 further provided, “In case such a fund is employed, all investment
parameters and provisions of this Mandate will be implemented within the fund
…”. 342

##### Foot Note 342

×

20 AB 10975.

237 Chien Yeh advised on the STAAP Mandate in its second opinion. Although it
advised the plaintiff that other clauses in the draft STAAP Mandate did not
comply with Taiwanese law or were unclear, 343

##### Foot Note 343

×

19 AB 10392 at para 1, 10393–10394 at para 4.

it made no comment on cl 4. Despite referring to Art 146-4 of the TIA in its
first opinion, in none of the three opinions did Chien Yeh suggest that the
second defendant’s subscription to 100% of the fund would breach Art 146-4 of
the TIA. Rather, Chien Yeh confirmed that the STAAP Mandate complied with
Taiwanese law except as stipulated in its second opinion. 344

##### Foot Note 344

×

19 AB 10394.

238 So the opinions themselves also address the explanation, which the second
defendant relies on, that the lawyer from Chien Yeh gave in Taiwanese criminal
proceedings in 2015. 345

##### Foot Note 345

×

D2CS at para 157(c).

The lawyer testified that: (a) Ms Wu only made an abstract enquiry on whether,
where a Taiwanese insurance company invested in an offshore fund, the assets
of that fund could be pledged to a third party; 346

##### Foot Note 346

×

61 AB 34607.

and (b) Ms Wu did not say that the fund would be established solely using the
assets of the insurance company. 347

##### Foot Note 347

×

61 AB 34608–34609.

Even if Ms Wu did not give Chien Yeh all the necessary facts, the opinions
show that the plaintiff through other personnel did.

239 The person on the plaintiff’s side of the transaction who was principally
responsible for reviewing the legal opinions and determining whether the STAAP
and SFIP-1 transactions were legal was Mr Link. 348

##### Foot Note 348

×

Lee’s AEIC at para 23; Transcript, 25 August 2020, at p 109, lines 17–21.

His review of the transaction was not cursory. After receiving Chien Yeh’s
first opinion, Mr Link asked Chien Yeh to address the fact that the pledge
would be used to secure a loan to a third party and to confirm that “there are
no restrictions on the use of proceeds from the loan made to the third parties
and secured by assets of the fund”. 349

##### Foot Note 349

×

20 AB 10689.

Mr Link had a conference call with the lawyer from Chien Yeh to resolve all
his questions. That led to Chien Yeh’s third opinion. 350

##### Foot Note 350

×

20 AB 10689; 20 AB 10926.

After reviewing all three opinions, Mr Link concluded that the STAAP
transaction was not illegal and was properly documented. 351

##### Foot Note 351

×

20 AB 11121.

240 Still, the second defendant submits that the plaintiff should not have
relied on Chien Yeh’s opinions when implementing the SFIP-1 Structure because
the opinions were issued for the STAAP Structure and before the SFIP-1
Structure was formulated. The second defendant submits that the plaintiff
should have sought a fresh Taiwanese legal opinion on whether the SFIP-1
Structure was legal, including the proposal for the second defendant to
subscribe for all of the units in the SFIP-1 Unit Trust. 352

##### Foot Note 352

×

D2CS at para 158(c).

241 But as the plaintiff submits, 353

##### Foot Note 353

×

PCS at para 220.

the two structures were identical in all respects which were legally material.
The only difference was that the SFIP-1 Structure used a unit trust rather
than a private label investment fund. In particular, cl 6 of the SFIP-1
Mandate was materially similar to cl 4 of the STAAP Mandate. Clause 6 of the
SFIP-1 Mandate provided that the plaintiff was “authorised to employ in its
absolute discretion the most suitable structure in order to facilitate the
implementation of the investment strategy, indicatively including a dedicated
unit trust structure …. In case such a unit trust is employed, all investment
parameters and provisions of this Mandate will be implemented within the unit
trust …”. 354

##### Foot Note 354

×

27 AB 14952–14953.

In an email dated 20 March 2008, Mr Link gave his approval that the SFIP-1
transaction appeared to be legal based on the Chien Yeh opinions and a Jersey
legal opinion. 355

##### Foot Note 355

×

26 AB 14688–14689.

As there were no facts known to the plaintiff that would give it cause to
question the propriety of the SFIP-1 transaction, I accept that it was
reasonable for the plaintiff not to seek a fresh legal opinion specifically on
the SFIP-1 Structure.

242 Further, Mr Link was cautious about the SFIP-1 Structure. However, that
was not because he thought it was illegal. In his email dated 20 March 2008,
he expressed satisfaction that the SFIP-1 Structure appeared to be legal under
Taiwanese law. His only concern was that it carried reputational risk for the
plaintiff. 356

##### Foot Note 356

×

26 AB 14688–14689.

After those concerns were addressed, he and other personnel from the plaintiff
approved the reputational risk aspects of the SFIP-1 Structure. 357

##### Foot Note 357

×

26 AB 14688.

This establishes that the plaintiff and its advisers were not wilfully blind
to reputational risk, let alone to illegality.

243 The second defendant submits that the plaintiff knew that the second
defendant’s subscription to 100% of units in the SFIP-1 Unit Trust was
illegal. 358

##### Foot Note 358

×

D2CS at para 264(c); Transcript, 30 March 2021, at p 69, lines 21–24.

At some point before the SFIP-1 Structure was even formulated, the plaintiff
obtained a Taiwanese legal opinion. The plaintiff has not disclosed that
opinion in this action. That opinion appears to have advised the plaintiff
that a Taiwanese insurance company could own only up to 10% of the units in a
unit trust. 359

##### Foot Note 359

×

D2CS at para 66.

In an email dated 13 February 2008 to the plaintiff, Mr Levinson of Canaras
referred to this opinion’s contents: 360

##### Foot Note 360

×

24 AB 13029–13030.

… For the unit trust structure, EFG Compliance has expressed concern about the
client’s investment in the trust. I understand that Taiwan regulation limits a
regulated insurance company to holding 10% of the shares of a unit trust ...
EFG Compliance requested that the opinion specify that the insurance company
could own more than 10% of the value of the trust. The attorney was not able
to give this opinion …

244 The plaintiff has not disclosed that opinion in this action. Its position
is that the opinion is not relevant to the matters in question in this action.
Specifically, that opinion relates to an investment structure that the
plaintiff initially explored and decided to abandon in favour of the SFIP-1
Structure. 361

##### Foot Note 361

×

Transcript, 30 March 2021, at p 217, line 18 to p 218, line 115; 59 AB
33383–33389.

The second defendant itself accepts this. 362

##### Foot Note 362

×

D2CS at paras 65–69.

The abandoned structure involved the second defendant investing in
collateralised debt obligations (“CDOs”) held through a unit trust structure.
363

##### Foot Note 363

×

AEIC of Richard David Levinson dated 30 June 2020 at paras 8 and 14.

Ms Lam testified that she had read the undisclosed opinion. 364

##### Foot Note 364

×

Transcript, 27 August 2020, at p 115, lines 9–23.

She said that it was specific to the CDO structure and that she therefore
cannot recall whether it addressed only unit trusts investing in CDOs or unit
trusts in general. 365

##### Foot Note 365

×

Transcript, 27 August 2020, at p 119, lines 22–25.

Mr Levinson testified that the plaintiff abandoned the CDO structure because
of issues including the 10% cap on ownership under Taiwanese law. 366

##### Foot Note 366

×

Transcript, 25 August 2020, at p 50, lines 1–6.

I find that the plaintiff’s knowledge of this undisclosed opinion did not put
it on inquiry as to whether the second defendant’s subscriptions were illegal.

(7) Mr Teng’s authority to subscribe to the SFIP-1 Unit Trust

245 The second defendant argues that the plaintiff knew or was put on inquiry
as to whether Mr Teng had authority to subscribe for units in the SFIP-1 Unit
Trust on the second defendant’s behalf. 367

##### Foot Note 367

×

D2CS at p 112, heading C.

I accept that Mr Teng had no actual authority but find that the fact on which
the second defendant relies did not put the plaintiff on inquiry.

(A) No actual authority

246 The plaintiff and the third defendant submit that Mr Teng had actual
authority to subscribe for units because of the provisions of the TCA set out
in [111] above. 368

##### Foot Note 368

×

PCS at paras 36–37; D3CS at para 36.

In response, the second defendant’s pleaded case is that Mr Teng could not
have authority to do that which it was illegal for the second defendant to do.
369

##### Foot Note 369

×

D&CC at para 96(1A).

As I have found, the second defendant’s subscriptions for units in the SFIP-1
Unit Trust violated Art 146-4 of the TIA (see [223] above).

247 The second defendant’s expert Prof Tseng takes the view that an act
expressly prohibited by law, including an act prohibited by Art 146-4 of the
TIA, cannot constitute “affairs pertaining to the business of the company”
within the meaning of Art 57 of the TCA. 370

##### Foot Note 370

×

Tseng’s 1st Report at paras 92 and 109.

In support of that interpretation, she cites Art 18-2 of the TCA, which
provides that “[a] company may conduct any business that is not prohibited or
restricted by the laws and regulations”. 371

##### Foot Note 371

×

Tseng’s AEIC, Exhibit TWR-3 (“Tseng’s Reply Report”) at para 87.

Prof Tseng also cites the decision of the Taiwan Supreme Court in 44-Tai-
Shang-Zi-1566 (1956). That decision held that, where a company’s business and
operation are not that of providing guarantees, the acts of responsible
persons in the company in guaranteeing loans in the company’s name does not
fall within the scope of carrying out the business and operation of the
company. 372

##### Foot Note 372

×

Tseng’s Reply Report at para 85.

248 The plaintiff’s expert Prof Huang and the third defendant’s expert Prof Wu
Yen-Te take the opposite view based on legislation and case law. 373

##### Foot Note 373

×

Wu’s AEIC, Exhibit YTW-2 (“Wu’s Reply Report”) at paras 20–21.

First, Prof Huang emphasises that, under Art 58 of the TCA, “[e]ven if the
chairman had acted ultra vires ... where the transaction ... is with a bona
fide third party acting in good faith, the company cannot seek to invalidate
the transaction” [emphasis omitted]. 374

##### Foot Note 374

×

Huang’s 1st Report at para 103.

But there is no evidence or argument that Art 58 of the TCA applies. Rather,
the plaintiff argues that Art 58 makes sense only if the chairman has general
authority to represent the company, even in matters that would be considered
outside his authority or fraudulent. 375

##### Foot Note 375

×

Transcript, 30 March 2021, at p 180, lines 3–10.

But a provision that acting ultra vires is no defence against a bona fide
third party does not necessarily imply that the actor has authority to do even
acts that the company cannot legally do.

249 Second, Prof Huang cites two Taiwan High Court judgments in which the
court held that, where a counterparty acts bona fide, a company “could not
deny the [transaction’s] validity solely based on the fact that there was no
board resolution or [that] the board resolution was defective” or forged. 376

##### Foot Note 376

×

Huang’s 1st Report at paras 112–113.

But those two judgments are not on point. Based on Prof Huang’s summaries of
those cases, they do not involve doing acts that the company was prohibited
from doing. In fact, one of the judgments 377

##### Foot Note 377

×

98-Chong-Shang-Zi-439 (2009).

relied on the company’s articles of incorporation which provided that the
company could provide the kind of guarantee in dispute.

250 Third, Prof Wu and Prof Huang cite the Taiwan Supreme Court decision of
106-Tai-Shang-Zi-113 (2017). It held that, given Art 208-3 and Art 57 read
with Art 208-5 of the TCA, “regarding all affairs pertaining to the business
of the company, the chairman of the company has the power to conduct on behalf
of the company, and it is not limited to the registered business in the
Articles of Incorporation. ... [Art 18-2 was amended] to simplify the
registration of company business item and grant a broader space for companies
to operate business”. 378

##### Foot Note 378

×

Huang’s 1st Report at para 106; Wu’s Reply Report at para 25.

But that decision does not show that the TCA authorises a chairman of a
company to cause it to engage in activities prohibited by law. It only shows
that a chairman has authority to act in matters outside the registered
business set out in the company’s articles.

251 Prof Huang considers that the weight of recent Taiwan authority and
commentaries supports a “broader interpretation” of what constitutes “affairs
pertaining to the business of the company”. 379

##### Foot Note 379

×

Huang’s 1st Report at paras 106–107, 110.

In his opinion, it would “be part of the business of [the second defendant] to
try to enhance or at least maintain the funds of [an] insurance enterprise by
making foreign investments and where necessary, consenting to pledges or other
security granted in relation to such foreign investments”. 380

##### Foot Note 380

×

Huang’s 1st Report at para 111.

Prof Huang’s reply report suggests, however, that his opinion was based on
both actual and apparent authority under Taiwan law: “Teng had substantial
actual and apparent authority under Taiwan law and would have authority to act
for and on behalf of [the second defendant] regarding all ‘affairs pertaining
to the business’ of [the second defendant]”. 381

##### Foot Note 381

×

Huang’s AEIC, Exhibit YKH-4, Sub-Exhibit TYT-2 (“Huang’s Reply Report”) at
para 54.

Taiwan law governs only the question of Mr Teng’s actual authority to
subscribe for the units (see [107] and [115] above), not his apparent
authority to do so.

252 I therefore prefer Prof Tseng’s evidence. Based on her evidence and the
authorities she cites, I find that acts prohibited by law do not constitute
“affairs pertaining to the business of the company”.

(B) Failure to use letterhead

253 The second defendant points out that the letter that Mr Teng signed
instructing the plaintiff to subscribe for units in the SFIP-1 Unit Trust for
the second defendant was issued on plain paper, not on the second defendant’s
letterhead. 382

##### Foot Note 382

×

D2CS at para 223; 27 AB 15004.

The second defendant’s banking expert, Mr Liew, takes the view that the
plaintiff should have questioned why a document purportedly signed by a
company’s chairman for and on behalf of the company was not set out on its
letterhead. 383

##### Foot Note 383

×

AEIC of Terence Liew dated 14 August 2020, Exhibit TL-2 (“Liew’s 1st Report”)
at para 8.25.

254 I find that the use of plain paper was insufficient to put the plaintiff
on inquiry. The absence of the company letterhead does not in itself suggest
that Mr Teng lacked authority any more than the use of the letterhead would
have suggested the converse.

Conclusion on priorities

255 The second defendant’s challenge to the proprietary aspect of the SFIP-1
Pledge fails. Although Volaw executed the SFIP-1 Pledge before the second
defendant gave its consent through Mr Teng, the plaintiff was a bona fide
purchaser of its security interest without notice that the second defendant
had yet to give its consent. No doubt the plaintiff could have made more
extensive inquiries than it did in its internal approval processes, in which
it obtained documentation and multiple legal opinions. But on the facts before
it, as at 7 March 2008, I find that it did all that it was reasonable and all
that it was required in equity to do.

Foreign illegality

The rule in Foster v Driscoll

256 The second defendant’s next challenge to the SFIP-1 Pledge is a
contractual challenge. It submits that the SFIP-1 Pledge ought to be held
invalid as a contract under the rule in Foster v Driscoll and others [1929] 1
KB 470 (“Foster”). Under that rule, a contract will “be held invalid on
account of illegality if the real object and intention of the parties
necessitates them joining in an endeavour to perform in a foreign and friendly
country some act which is illegal by the law of such country notwithstanding
the fact that there may be, in a certain event, alternative modes or places of
performing which permit the contract to be performed legally”: at 521–522. The
effect of the rule is that the Singapore courts will regard a contract as
being contrary to Singapore’s public policy and refuse to enforce it if the
parties’ intention and the object contemplated by the contract is a breach of
international comity: Peh Teck Quee v Bayerische Landesbank Girozentrale
[1999] 3 SLR(R) 842 (“Peh Teck Quee”) at [45].

257 For the purposes of the rule in Foster, it is immaterial whether the
contract is governed by Singapore law or by a foreign law: Ang Jian Sheng
Jonathan and another v Lyu Yan [2021] 1 SLR 1091 at [30], citing Dicey, Morris
& Collins vol 2 at para 32-193. Further, the intention and object need not be
shared by the contracting parties. The rule applies where the party seeking to
enforce the contract intended it to be performed in an unlawful way: Royal
Boskalis Westminster NV v Mountain [1999] 1 QB 674 at 692.

258 The second defendant submits that the plaintiff executed the SFIP-1 Pledge
with the real object and purpose of helping the second defendant to commit two
acts that are illegal under Taiwanese law: (a) subscribing to 100% of the
units in the SFIP-1 Unit Trust, in violation of Art 146-4 of the TIA; and (b)
providing the second defendant’s assets as security for the debts of the first
defendant in violation of Art 16 of the TCA and Art 143 of the TIA. 384

##### Foot Note 384

×

D2CS at para 164.

259 The second defendant does not contend that these two illegal acts were
performed in Taiwan. Rather, it argues that the rule in Foster applies so long
as the parties contemplate performing acts that are illegal under foreign law
and their intention or object is to breach that foreign law. 385

##### Foot Note 385

×

Transcript, 30 March 2021, at p 116, lines 16–24.

It says that, because the rule in Foster is a principle of Singapore’s public
policy, it is immaterial whether the impugned contract requires the illegal
acts in question to be performed in the jurisdiction in which they are
illegal. 386

##### Foot Note 386

×

Transcript, 30 March 2021, at p 113, lines 10–13; p 119, lines 1–16.

260 To support these propositions, the second defendant relies on a passage in
Peh Teck Quee. There the Court of Appeal observed that, until an appropriate
case raises the issue of the relationship between the rule in Foster and the
rule in Ralli Brothers v Compañia Naviera Sota y Aznar [1920] 2 KB 287, the
two rules should be regarded as separate (at [55]). This was partly because
(at [53]):

... the test formulated by G P Selvam JC [in Singapore Finance Ltd v Soetanto
[1992] 1 SLR(R) 645 at [11]] drew on both the Ralli and Foster principles as
it required proof of knowing violation of the lex loci solutionis at the time
of contracting by the party seeking enforcement. [Toh Kian Sing in an article]
said that this was dissimilar to the Foster v Driscoll principle as unlike the
two-step test in Singapore Finance Ltd v Soetanto, the Foster v Driscoll
principle applies so long as the parties contemplate performance of acts which
are illegal by the laws of a friendly country, whether or not it is the
contractually stipulated place of performance, whereas the Ralli Bros v
Compania Naviera Sota y Aznar principle applies only when there is illegality
at the lex loci solutionis.

[emphasis added]

261 Peh Teck Quee does not support the second defendant’s argument. As the
plaintiff points out, 387

##### Foot Note 387

×

PRS at para 37.

at [48] of Peh Teck Quee the Court of Appeal rejected the submission that the
rule in Foster applied to render unenforceable an obligation to pay a debt in
Singapore, a payment which the debtor argued was illegal under Malaysian law.
The Court of Appeal explained:

… The performance of the obligation sought to be enforced did not involve the
doing of an act in a foreign state as the repayment was being sought in
Singapore. It was not the intention or in the contemplation of the parties
when they entered into the facility agreement to carry out an adventure to
break the laws of Malaysia.

[emphasis added]

262 The authorities instead support the plaintiff’s submission that the rule
in Foster applies only where the act in question is to be performed in a
country in which it is illegal. 388

##### Foot Note 388

×

PRS at para 33.

The contract in Foster contemplated the importation of whisky into the US,
which was an act to be performed in the US and which was illegal under US law
(at 501–521). The contract in Regazzoni v K C Sethia (1944) Ltd [1958] AC 301
was for the export of jute bags in India for resale in South Africa through a
third country. The export was an act to be performed in India and export to
South Africa was illegal under Indian law (at 317). The authors of Halsbury’s
Laws of Singapore note that the parties must intend “the doing of an act in a
foreign country contrary to its law. There is no breach of international
comity if the forum regards an act as valid under the law of the place where
the act was done …”: Halsbury's Laws of Singapore vol 6(2) (Butterworths Asia,
2020) at para 75.365.

263 Further, given my finding that the plaintiff did not know that the second
defendant’s subscriptions were illegal (see [225]–[244] above), the plaintiff
could not have had the intention and object of helping the second defendant to
breach Taiwanese law. Because the second defendant has not established that
this case comes within the rule in Foster, it is not necessary for me to
consider the plaintiff’s argument 389

##### Foot Note 389

×

PRS at paras 31–32.

that the second defendant has failed to plead a defence based on that rule.

The rule in Euro-Diam

264 In the alternative – even if the parties’ intention and the objective of
the SFIP-1 Pledge was not to commit acts which are illegal under Taiwanese law
– the second defendant submits that the SFIP-1 Pledge is so closely connected
to and tainted by acts which are illegal under Taiwanese law that the
Singapore courts should decline to enforce it. 390

##### Foot Note 390

×

D2CS at para 165.

265 In Euro-Diam Ltd v Bathurst [1990] 1 QB 1 (“Euro-Diam”), the English Court
of Appeal had to determine whether a claim on a contract that was not itself
illegal but which had “a connection with some other illegal transaction”
should succeed (at 15). Staughton J formulated a two-stage test to make that
determination (at 23–24). The first stage considers whether the transaction
from which the taint is said to arise would be enforceable under the law of
the forum, applying the correct connecting factor. If it would not be
enforceable, the second stage considers whether the illegality of that
transaction is sufficiently connected to the claim before the forum that the
claim should be unenforceable.

Stage one: Enforceability of the transaction from which the taint is said to
arise

266 The second defendant submits that the taint in this case arises from: (a)
the second defendant subscribing to all the units in the SFIP-1 Unit Trust and
(b) the second defendant providing its assets to the plaintiff to use as
security or consenting to such use. 391

##### Foot Note 391

×

D2CS at para 177.

As I have found that the second defendant’s consent to Volaw pledging the
assets in the SFIP-1 Account as security for the first defendant’s debts was
not illegal (see [104] above), I shall focus only on the second defendant’s
act of subscribing for all of the units in the SFIP-1 Unit Trust in applying
the first stage of the test in Euro-Diam.

267 The taint in this case is said to arise from acts, not contracts. There is
a fundamental difficulty with applying the first stage of the Euro-Diam test
to acts. A contract may be characterised as enforceable or unenforceable. But
an act is simply a fact: it is neither enforceable nor unenforceable. It
therefore carries no meaning to consider whether the second defendant’s act of
subscribing for all of the units in the SFIP-1 Unit Trust would be enforceable
in Singapore.

268 Further, I consider it artificial to adopt Staughton J’s approach where it
is alleged that a claim is tainted by an act. The taint in Euro-Diam was
likewise said to arise from an act rather than a contract. The plaintiff in
that case sued the defendant on a contract of insurance in respect of a
consignment of diamonds which the plaintiff had shipped to a consignee in West
Germany and which were then stolen. The taint was said to arise from two acts.
First, the consignee’s agent who received the diamonds was residing and
carrying on business in West Germany in breach of West German law. Second, the
plaintiffs deliberately undervalued the diamonds in the invoice which
accompanied the consignment in order to deceive the West German customs
authorities. Staughton J applied the first stage of his test by considering a
hypothetical contract to reside and carry on business in West Germany in
breach of West German law and a hypothetical contract to deceive the West
German customs authorities. Having converted the acts into contracts in this
way, he held that these contracts would be unenforceable in England, both
being illegal by the law of the place of performance (at 24).

269 This approach to acts is highly artificial. In any event, this approach is
not open to me on the parties’ submissions. Neither the plaintiff nor the
second defendant frames the question on the first stage as turning on the
enforceability in Singapore of a hypothetical contract by the second defendant
to subscribe for all of the units in the SFIP-1 Unit Trust or a hypothetical
contract by the second defendant to provide its assets for or to consent to
the SFIP-1 Pledge.

270 The taint in this case arises only under Taiwanese law. In Euro-Diam,
Staughton J identified three factors which could connect the taint to the
claim: the forum, the proper law of the contract and the place of performance
(at 21). The plaintiff submits that these connecting factors are to be applied
to the SFIP-1 Pledge. 392

##### Foot Note 392

×

PCS at para 199.

It submits that none of these connecting factors point to Taiwan or Taiwanese
law: the forum is Singapore, the proper law of the SFIP-1 Pledge is Singapore
law and the pledge was not performed in Taiwan. 393

##### Foot Note 393

×

PCS at para 197.

271 But, as the second defendant argues, 394

##### Foot Note 394

×

D2CS at para 177.

these connecting factors are to be applied not to the contract which gives
rise to the claim but to the transaction which allegedly taints the claim. In
EFG Bank v Teng, the claim arose from the Facility and Mr Teng’s indemnity: at
[61]. But, as the second defendant points out, 395

##### Foot Note 395

×

D2RS at para 65.

the taint in that case was said to arise from the STAAP Pledge and the SFIP-1
Pledge: at [75]. That is why George Wei J applied the connecting factors to
those two pledges, holding that there was no connection: the forum was
Singapore, the proper law of the pledges was Singapore law and the pledges
were not to be performed in Taiwan: at [74].

272 The three connecting factors identified by Staughton J can be applied
easily where the taint is said to arise from a contract, as in EFG Bank v
Teng. But where the taint is said to arise from an act rather than a contract,
the connecting factor of the proper law of the contract no longer has any
meaning whatsoever. Further, the place of performance is now simply the
factual place in which the act was actually performed, rather than the place
in which the contract stipulated or contemplated its performance.

273 The second defendant submits that first stage of the Euro-Diam test is
satisfied on two grounds. First, the second defendant submits that the
relevant “proper law” to consider on the facts of this case is the law
governing its capacity to subscribe for all of the units in the SFIP-1 Unit
Trust, ie Taiwanese law. 396

##### Foot Note 396

×

D2CS at para 177.

Second, in contrast to its submissions on the rule in Foster (see [259]
above), the second defendant submits that the place of performance of the
subscriptions was Taiwan. 397

##### Foot Note 397

×

D2CS at para 177.

274 In response, the plaintiff submits that the first stage is not satisfied
on two grounds. First, the relevant proper law is Jersey law, being the law
governing the second defendant’s subscriptions to the SFIP-1 Unit Trust.
Second, the place of performance of the subscriptions was not Taiwan. It was
either Jersey, because the subscriptions were for units in a Jersey trust, 398

##### Foot Note 398

×

PRS at para 73; Transcript, 30 March 2021, at p 230, line 24 to p 231, line 2.

or Singapore, because the second defendant’s consideration for the
subscriptions came from its account with the plaintiff’s Singapore branch. 399

##### Foot Note 399

×

Transcript, 30 March 2021, at p 231, lines 18–22.

275 To identify the relevant connecting factors, it is necessary to identify
the relevant issue (see [153] above). The issue as formulated in Euro-Diam is
the enforceability in Singapore of the transaction which is said to taint the
claim before the Singapore court. As explained above, the concept of
enforceability is not meaningful where the taint is said to arise from an act.
This brings into question whether the first stage of the Euro-Diam test is
necessary. The second defendant cites Baker, Michael A (executor of the estate
of Chantal Burnison, deceased) v BCS Business Consulting Services Pte Ltd
[2020] 4 SLR 85 (“Michael Baker”). In that case, the court did not cite Euro-
Diam or apply the first stage of the Euro-Diam test. Instead, after finding
that the acts alleged to be illegal were indeed illegal where they were
performed and that the trust was not unenforceable on the rule in Foster (at
[258]–[259]), the court transposed the principles in Ting Siew May v Boon Lay
Choo and another [2014] 3 SLR 609 (“Ting Siew May”) and Ochroid Trading Ltd
and another v Chua Siok Lui (trading as VIE Import & Export) and another
[2018] 1 SLR 363 (“Ochroid Trading”) to the context of foreign illegality.

276 A question more meaningful than the enforceability of the transaction is
whether there is any foreign illegality. It is undisputed that the TIA applies
to the second defendant’s subscriptions as a matter of Taiwanese law. The only
question under Taiwanese law is whether the subscriptions fall within a
permitted category of investments (see [219]–[223] above). I have resolved
that question in the second defendant’s favour. So there is foreign
illegality.

277 The first stage of the Euro-Diam test serves no purpose in cases where the
claim is said to be tainted by acts rather than by contracts, other than to
complicate the analysis. Staughton J considered a hypothetical contract with
the object of deceiving the West German customs authorities in West Germany.
He identified the relevant connecting factor to be the place of contractual
performance, found that place to be West Germany, and concluded that the
hypothetical contract would have been illegal in West Germany and therefore
unenforceable in England. An alternative approach would have been simply to
find that there was foreign illegality because the acts said to taint the
claim were breaches of West German tax and residency laws.

278 On the facts of this case, there is foreign illegality, ie illegality
under Taiwanese law. I consider that that finding suffices to allow me to
proceed directly to the second stage of the Euro-Diam test.

Stage two in Singapore: Ting Siew May

279 The plaintiff 400

##### Foot Note 400

×

PCS at para 140.

and the second defendant 401

##### Foot Note 401

×

D2CS at paras 170 and 173.

agree that the second stage of the Euro-Diam test no longer represents the law
in Singapore. As formulated by Staughton J, it requires applying the
principles in Bowmakers Ltd v Barnet Instruments Ltd [1945] 1 KB 65
(“Bowmakers”) and Beresford v Royal Insurance Co Ltd [1938] AC 586
(“Beresford”). In Teng v EFG Bank, the Court of Appeal observed that Euro-Diam
raises “significant difficulties” and would need to be re-examined in the
light of Ting Siew May and Ochroid Trading. Both those decisions have
authoritatively rejected the Bowmakers and the Beresford principles in
Singapore’s law of domestic contractual illegality: at [22]–[25].

280 The plaintiff and the second defendant also agree that the second stage of
the Euro-Diam test should be replaced with the proportionality approach set
out in Ting Siew May. Accordingly, the question now is whether refusing to
enforce the tainted contract would be a proportionate response to the foreign
illegality, based on the factors in Ting Siew May. 402

##### Foot Note 402

×

PCS at para 143; D2CS at paras 173 and 176.

281 The second defendant cites Michael Baker to illustrate how the
proportionality approach has been applied to foreign illegality. That case
concerned the enforceability of an oral trust under which the trustee acquired
intellectual property rights from a New Zealand company and held any proceeds
generated from the rights on trust for the settlor. Those rights were
originally owned by Californian companies controlled by the settlor. When the
Californian companies went into bankruptcy, the rights were sold to the New
Zealand company with the approval of the US Bankruptcy Court. The settlor
provided the funds for the New Zealand company to purchase the rights. But the
settlor falsely declared to the US Bankruptcy Court that the New Zealand
company had an arm’s length relationship with the Californian companies: at
[245] and [249]. Her false declarations constituted the illegal acts that were
said to taint the oral trust: at [261]. The court held that it would be
disproportionate to refuse to enforce the oral trust: at [263].

282 I accept that the proportionality approach in Ting Siew May should apply
to foreign illegality as it does to domestic illegality. Like the trust in
Michael Baker (at [252] and [262]), the SFIP-1 Pledge is linked to foreign
illegality. The SFIP-1 Pledge forms an integral part of the SFIP-1 Structure.
That structure contemplated that the second defendant would subscribe for and
hold all the units in the SFIP-1 Unit Trust in breach of Taiwanese law. As the
second defendant submits, 403

##### Foot Note 403

×

D2CS at para 178.

the subscriptions resulted in the second defendant’s assets being transferred
to the SFIP-1 Account as the consideration. Without that transfer, the
plaintiff would not have any security interest to vindicate in this action.

283 The factors relevant to assessing proportionality include the following
(Ting Siew May at [70]):

(a) the object, intent, and conduct of the parties;

(b) the nature and gravity of the illegality;

(c) whether allowing the claim would undermine the purpose of the prohibiting
rule;

(d) the remoteness or centrality of the illegality to the contract; and

(e) the consequences of denying the claim.

284 I find that refusing enforcement of the SFIP-1 Pledge would be a
disproportionate response to the illegality under Taiwanese law in the second
defendant subscribing for all of the units in the SFIP-1 Unit Trust. I address
each factor in turn.

(1) The object and intention of the parties

285 On the first factor, the plaintiff did not have the intention and object
of facilitating the second defendant’s subscriptions in violation of Taiwanese
law. It did not know that the second defendant’s subscriptions were illegal
(see [225]–[244] above). Further, I accept the plaintiff’s submission 404

##### Foot Note 404

×

PCS at para 216.

that the plaintiff designed the SFIP-1 Structure, including the SFIP-1 Unit
Trust, with the intention and object of assisting the second defendant to
achieve its investment objectives in compliance with Taiwanese law or, at the
very least, without violating Taiwanese law.

286 Moreover, the plaintiff’s concern about Taiwanese law was not that the
second defendant would violate Taiwan’s laws on subscription for units in a
unit trust, but that the second defendant would violate the prohibition in
Taiwanese law against the second defendant pledging its assets to secure the
debts of a third party. In an email dated January 2008, Ms Wu informed Mr Chiu
that “Insurance Company can not [sic] sign pledge letter and that is the
reason why we have to use structure”. 405

##### Foot Note 405

×

23 AB 12787.

Similarly, Ms Lam knew in or around January 2008 that the second defendant
could not pledge its assets to secure the debts of others. 406

##### Foot Note 406

×

Transcript, 26 August 2020, at p 109, lines 11–21; p 111, lines 7–10.

(2) The conduct of the parties

287 The conduct of the parties also weighs in favour of upholding the
plaintiff’s security interest. The second defendant says that the plaintiff
failed to do proper due diligence to protect its own interests, ignored red
flags and concealed the existence of the STAAP and SFIP-1 Structures and the
Pledges. 407

##### Foot Note 407

×

D2CS at para 179(e).

I do not accept this submission for the reasons I have given in addressing
these allegations in the context of the bona fide purchaser rule at
[187]–[255] above.

288 First and foremost, Art 146-4 of the TIA imposed a duty on the second
defendant. It imposed no duty whatsoever on the plaintiff. The responsibility
for ensuring that the second defendant complied with the TIA therefore lay
with the second defendant itself. To this end, as the second defendant’s
Taiwanese law experts agree, the second defendant was obliged by law to
maintain an effective system of internal controls to ensure that its
activities, including its foreign investments, complied with Taiwanese law.
408

##### Foot Note 408

×

Wang’s Responses to Written Questions at para 20; Tseng’s Responses to Written
Questions at para 21.

289 Despite this, as the plaintiff submits, 409

##### Foot Note 409

×

PCS at para 215.

the second defendant failed to maintain proper internal controls to prevent Mr
Teng from abusing his dominance over the second defendant and its senior
executives to perpetrate his fraud on both the second defendant and the
plaintiff. The second defendant’s own witness Mr Liao testified that the
second defendant’s internal control systems and legal compliance systems were
weak. 410

##### Foot Note 410

×

Transcript, 2 September 2020, at p 51, line 25 to p 52, line 2.

When asked if Mr Teng could do what he wanted and senior executives would
comply with his instructions, Mr Liao could only say that he thought “some” of
these senior executives would check that the conduct in fact complied with the
law. 411

##### Foot Note 411

×

Transcript, 2 September 2020, at p 52, lines 4–9.

290 Finally, the second defendant’s own legal department approved the STAAP
Mandate in August 2007 and the SFIP-1 Mandate in April 2008 as being compliant
with Taiwanese law. 412

##### Foot Note 412

×

19 AB 10615–10623; 15 AB 8267.

As Mr Chyou for the second defendant testified, the legal department “was
aware of the investment restrictions” in the TIA. 413

##### Foot Note 413

×

Transcript, 1 September 2020, at p 84, lines 10–15.

Despite that, like Chien Yeh in its second opinion (see [237] above), the
legal department was not concerned that the fund structure might violate Art
146-4 of the TIA.

(3) Nature and gravity of the illegality

291 The second and third proportionality factors overlap because they concern
how directly the prohibition of the act in question relates to the main policy
objective of the law in question: see Ting Siew May at [83]–[84]. There is,
however, a caveat I must add on the third factor. This factor is of obvious
relevance in the context of domestic illegality. There is a strong policy
imperative for the Singapore courts to advance the policy objectives of the
Singapore legislature. The third factor cannot apply unmodified or
unattenuated in the context of foreign illegality, at least if it goes beyond
merely applying the principles of comity. Nevertheless, as the plaintiff
submits, 414

##### Foot Note 414

×

PCS at paras 205–206.

it would be an odd result for a Singapore court not to enforce the SFIP-1
Pledge on the proportionality approach set out in Ting Siew May if a Taiwanese
court would not have been bound to hold it void ab initio if it had been
governed by Taiwanese law.

292 The plaintiff therefore submits that Art 146-4 of the TIA is merely an
enforcement provision and does not render the second defendant’s subscriptions
void ab initio. On that basis, the plaintiff submits that a Singapore court
enforcing the SFIP-1 Pledge would not undermine the purpose of Art 146-4 of
the TIA. 415

##### Foot Note 415

×

PCS at paras 205–206.

In response, the second defendant submits that the legislative purpose of Art
146-4 of the TIA is so strict that subscriptions which contravene that
provision are “a grave and serious affront” to that purpose and are therefore
void ab initio under Taiwanese law. 416

##### Foot Note 416

×

D2RS at para 68(a).

293 The parties’ Taiwanese law experts agree that breach of an enforcement
provision under Taiwanese law may lead to sanctions on the party in breach
without impugning any transaction entered into as a result of the breach. In
contrast, breach of a validity provision not only leads to sanctions but also
renders the transaction entered into as a result of the breach void ab initio.
417

##### Foot Note 417

×

Huang’s 1st Report at paras 13–14; Tseng’s 1st Report at para 74; Wang’s Reply
Report at para 11.

It is undisputed that no Taiwanese case has decided whether Art 146-4 of the
TIA is a validity or an enforcement provision.

294 In the arbitration, the second defendant’s expert Prof Wang took the
position that Art 146-4 is no more than an enforcement provision. 418

##### Foot Note 418

×

8 AB 4215; 13 AB 6836 at p 208, lines 3–11.

In this action, he does not take resile from that position. Instead, he now
opines that it is Art 143 of the TIA or Art 16 of the TCA which may render the
second defendant’s subscriptions void ab initio. 419

##### Foot Note 419

×

Wang’s 1st Report at paras 89–91.

So I need not consider his evidence on this point further. Only Prof Tseng
opines that Art 146-4 is a validity provision. 420

##### Foot Note 420

×

Tseng’s 1st Report at para 76.

295 Under Art 71 of the Taiwan Civil Code 1929, “any juridical act in
violation of any imperative or prohibitive provisions shall be rendered void
except that such voidance is not implied in the provision”. 421

##### Foot Note 421

×

Tseng’s 1st Report at para 72.

Prof Tseng and Prof Huang agree that, to determine whether a provision is a
validity or an enforcement provision, one should consider the legislative
purpose of the provision, balanced against conflicting interests such as the
types of legal interests involved, certainty of transaction, and whether the
prohibition is directed to both or only one party to the transaction. 422

##### Foot Note 422

×

Tseng’s 1st Report at paras 74–75; D2CS at para 131(c); Huang’s Responses to
Written Questions at para 4.

296 In Prof Tseng’s view, the legislative purpose of Art 146-4 is to “impose
restrictions that would guide the usage of [policyholders’ funds] in the
public interest”. 423

##### Foot Note 423

×

Tseng’s 1st Report at para 76(b).

Any reasonable party dealing with a company in the highly regulated insurance
industry should verify whether a proposed investment is permitted by Taiwanese
law. So certainty of transaction recedes as a conflicting interest. 424

##### Foot Note 424

×

Tseng’s 1st Report at paras 76(c)–76(f).

297 In response, Prof Huang takes the view that the legislative purpose of the
provision is not determinative. That is because the legislative purpose of a
provision is “an abstract, superordinate legal concept” that can be
interpreted in different ways. 425

##### Foot Note 425

×

Huang’s Responses to Written Questions at para 4.

Prof Huang says that, on Prof Tseng’s approach, the TIA’s legislative purpose
of protecting policyholders is broad enough for every single prohibition in
the TIA to go to validity. 426

##### Foot Note 426

×

Huang’s Responses to Written Questions at para 4.

Prof Tseng and Prof Wang do not, however, identify any Taiwanese decision
which has held a provision of the TIA to be a validity provision. 427

##### Foot Note 427

×

Tseng’s Responses to Written Questions at para 37; Wang’s Responses to Written
Questions at para 44.

298 Prof Tseng’s conclusion turns on two points: (a) the legislative purpose
of Art 146-4; and (b) the view that counterparties dealing with a Taiwanese
insurance company ought to verify that the insurance company is acting in
compliance with Taiwanese law. The force of the former point is diminished by
Prof Huang’s counterargument at [297] above. The force of the latter point too
carries limited weight to the extent that Prof Tseng’s opinion is based on her
formulation of the legislative purpose of Art 146-4. To the extent that it is
based on some other reason, that other reason is not articulated in her
evidence.

299 Further, Prof Huang points out that, in the cases in which the FSC has
imposed sanctions for breach of Art 146-4, those sanctions were imposed only
on the insurance company. The FSC did not take the position that the
transaction was void ab initio. 428

##### Foot Note 428

×

Huang’s 1st Report at para 92.

Indeed, it appears to me that, where an insurance company’s investment in
contravention of Art 146-4 has appreciated in value, construing Art 146-4 as
rendering the investment automatically void ab initio would operate to the
prejudice of policyholders. For all these reasons, I do not accept that Art
146-4 is a validity provision.

300 For completeness, I should note that I do not accept one of the
plaintiff’s arguments. The plaintiff argues that Art 146-4 is an enforcement
provision because the TIA does not expressly provide that a transaction in
breach of Art 146-4 is void ab initio. 429

##### Foot Note 429

×

PCS at para 177.

It is true that, as Prof Huang observes, Art 168 of the TIA provides only that
breach of Art 146-4 shall render the insurance company liable to an
administrative fine or revocation of its business permit. 430

##### Foot Note 430

×

Huang’s 1st Report at paras 88–89.

This contrasts with Art 169, which provides that over-insurance in breach of
Art 72 shall both render the company liable to an administrative fine and
“become void” to the extent of the over-insurance. 431

##### Foot Note 431

×

Huang’s 1st Report at para 18.

But I accept Prof Tseng’s and Prof Wang’s explanation that the purpose of Art
169 is to clarify the extent to which a transaction is void. Art 169 creates
an exception to the default rule in Taiwanese law on the extent of invalidity.
432

##### Foot Note 432

×

Wang’s Responses to Written Questions at para 52(a); Tseng’s Responses to
Written Questions at para 43.

I therefore do not rely on the absence of express words of avoidance in Art
146-4 to arrive at my conclusion that it is no more than an enforcement
provision.

301 Because the second defendant has not established that Art 146-4 is a
validity provision, the second and third proportionality factors do not weigh
against enforcing the SFIP-1 Pledge.

(4) Remoteness or centrality of illegality

302 The plaintiff argues that the illegality here was remote because: (a) it
relates not to the SFIP-1 Pledge but to the second defendant’s subscriptions
under the Trust Deed, which is a different contract governed by a different
law; and (b) the SFIP-1 Pledge was an arm’s length transaction under which the
plaintiff took security for loans genuinely extended to the first defendant.
433

##### Foot Note 433

×

PCS at para 208.

The third defendant similarly submits that the acts of the second defendant,
as a stranger to the SFIP-1 Pledge, cannot taint the SFIP-1 Pledge. 434

##### Foot Note 434

×

D3CS at para 87.

In response, the second defendant argues that the illegal subscriptions were
central to the SFIP-1 Pledge because they were the mechanism by which the
second defendant’s assets were transferred into and ring-fenced within a unit
trust and pledged by Volaw to the plaintiff. 435

##### Foot Note 435

×

D2RS at para 68(b).

303 In Ting Siew May, the Court of Appeal observed that a key indication as to
whether the illegality is too remote from the contract is whether an overt and
integral step in carrying out the unlawful intention was taken in the contract
itself: at [56], [67] and [85]. In that case, the illegal purpose was held not
to be too remote from the contract which the plaintiff was seeking to enforce.
The objectionable part of the transaction, ie, the stating of a false date in
an option, “resided within the [o]ption itself and not outside it”: at [85].

304 It is true, as the second defendant submits, that the subscriptions are
the sine qua non of the SFIP-1 Pledge. But I do not accept that that makes the
subscriptions central to the SFIP-1 Pledge for the purposes of this factor. No
step related to the subscriptions was taken under the pledge which Volaw
executed. Suppose the second defendant had, independently of the plaintiff,
subscribed to all the units in a unit trust contrary to Art 146-4. Assume
further that the second defendant then approached the plaintiff, with the
subscriptions as a fait accompli, seeking a loan to the first defendant
secured by a pledge of all the assets of the unit trust to be granted by the
trustee. The second defendant’s illegal act in subscribing to the units
without the approval of the FSC would not be central to the contract between
the trustee and the plaintiff. The illegality would be too remote because it
would not even be illegality on the part of a party to the contract that
created the plaintiff’s security interest.

305 The primary difference between that hypothetical scenario and the facts of
this case is that the plaintiff structured and established the SFIP-1 Unit
Trust and the SFIP-1 Pledge for the second defendant and at its request as a
single composite transaction. The plaintiff therefore contemplated from the
outset that the second defendant would be the sole unitholder of the SFIP-1
Unit Trust. However, the first proportionality factor has already taken into
account the plaintiff’s conduct and intention in this sense (see [285] above).
I do not consider that these factors should be counted twice in the analysis.

(5) Consequences of denying the plaintiff’s claim

306 The consequence of holding the pledge to be unenforceable is that the
plaintiff will have no security for the outstanding sum due from the first
defendant. 436

##### Foot Note 436

×

D2CS at para 179(e).

The plaintiff submits that this is unjust because it would allow the second
defendant’s breach of the TIA and the second defendant’s failure to prevent
its own chairman from perpetrating a fraud on both the plaintiff and the
second defendant to transform the plaintiff ex post from a secured creditor
into an unsecured creditor. 437

##### Foot Note 437

×

PCS at para 226.

307 In Ting Siew May, the court found that the consequences of denying
enforcement of the contract were not so great as to render it a
disproportionate response to the illegality. Denying the claim meant that the
respondents lost their entitlement to buy the property under the option. Even
if there had been evidence that they would lose an increase in the value of
the property or would lose the opportunity to buy another property, “this
would not entail the denial of compensation for substantial expenses incurred
or work already done by the [r]espondents”: at [92].

308 In contrast, denying the plaintiff’s claim means that it will be unable to
apply security worth US$194.57m 438

##### Foot Note 438

×

Osborn’s AEIC at para 12.

to reduce the sum of US$199.66m 439

##### Foot Note 439

×

SOC at para 20.

that is due and owing from the first defendant. It would simply be another
unsecured lender of the first defendant, a company which no longer exists
having been struck off the BVI companies register six years ago.

Conclusion on foreign illegality

309 The consequence of allowing the plaintiff’s claim is that the creditors of
the second defendant, including entirely innocent policyholders, must bear the
loss occasioned by the fraud rather than the plaintiff. But I do not consider
this outcome to be disproportionate as between the plaintiff and the second
defendant.

310 As the plaintiff points out, 440

##### Foot Note 440

×

Transcript, 30 March 2021, at p 239, lines 12–17.

the prime mover behind the STAAP Structure and the SFIP-1 Structure was Mr
Teng, the second defendant’s chairman. He was a thoroughly dishonest
individual whom the second defendant failed to exercise the necessary control
over, despite its ability to do so and despite its obligation under the TIA to
do so.

311 The plaintiff is wholly unlike the respondents in Ting Siew May. Those
respondents knowingly backdated an option with the clear purpose of using the
falsely dated option to contravene the law (at [102]). The plaintiff in this
case did not know that the second defendant would contravene the law, as I
have found, and allowed the first defendant to draw on the Facility on the
strength of the security which Volaw had provided to it by way of the SFIP-1
Pledge.

Conclusion

312 For all of these reasons, I grant the plaintiff the declaration that it
seeks in this action. I hereby declare that the SFIP-1 Pledge is valid and
enforceable.

313 As the defendant’s counterclaim is simply the obverse of the plaintiff’s
claim, it follows that the counterclaim must be dismissed. On the
counterclaim, therefore, I dismiss the second defendant’s prayer for a
declaration that the assets in the SFIP-1 Account are not subject to the
SFIP-1 Pledge. Further, because the plaintiff’s interest under the SFIP-1
Pledge takes priority over the second defendant’s interest, I dismiss the
second defendant’s prayers for: (a) a declaration that the third defendant
holds the assets in the SFIP-1 Account on trust for the second defendant; and
(b) an order that the third defendant terminate its trust relationship with
the second defendant and return the assets to the second defendant.

314 My decision to allow the plaintiff’s claim and to dismiss the second
defendant’s counterclaim suffices to address the third defendant’s position in
this action.

315 Because the plaintiff’s claim succeeds and the second defendant’s
counterclaim fails, the plaintiff’s counterclaim to the counterclaim does not
arise for decision.

316 The only remaining matter to deal with are the costs of this action. I now
invite each party to ascertain the other parties’ positions on costs by
correspondence and to reach agreement on costs as far as possible. To the
extent that no agreement can be reached, the parties are to file and serve on
each other, within two weeks of the date on which this judgment is handed
down, written submissions on costs not exceeding 7,500 words (excluding title
page and footnotes).

317 Each party’s written submissions should address: (a) who should receive
the costs of the action and who is to pay those costs; (b) whether the court
is to assess the costs of the action on the standard basis or the indemnity
basis; (c) whether that party wishes those costs to be taxed or fixed; and (d)
in the latter event, the quantum of those costs.

318 Each party is to justify its submissions on the quantum of costs by
reference to: (a) the costs schedules which have been filed, including the
costs schedule filed by that party itself; (b) the applicable costs guidelines
in Appendix G of the Supreme Court Practice Directions entitled “Guidelines
for Party-and-Party Costs Awards in the Supreme Court of Singapore; (c) any
formal offers to settle or offers of compromise without prejudice save as to
costs which have been made and which carry costs consequences; and (d) any
taxation precedents which may be comparable and relevant. The written
submissions should also address any interlocutory matters for which costs were
not fixed but were ordered instead to be in the cause, to be reserved or to be
a particular party’s costs in any event.

Vinodh Coomaraswamy

Judge of the High Court

Alvin Yeo SC, Chou Sean Yu, Lionel Leo, Yu Kanghao, Alvin Tan, Dennis Saw and
Daryl Kwok (WongPartnership LLP) for the plaintiff;

William Ong, Fay Fong, Melissa Mak, Wong Pei Ting and Dion Loy (Allen &
Gledhill LLP) for the second defendant;

Chew Kei-Jin, Stephanie Tan and Lee Ji En (Ascendant Legal LLC) for the third
defendant;

The first defendant absent and unrepresented.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 12 May 2023 (18:28 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

