Case Summary Summary Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments
Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC 165

Tribunal Appeal No 7 of 2020

Between

| Digi International Inc.  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

| Teraoka Seiko Co., Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

judgment

[Intellectual Property] — [Trade marks and trade names] — [Registration] —
[Whether a co-existence agreement constitutes consent to the registration of a
trade mark under s 8(9) of the Trade Marks Act]

[Intellectual Property] — [Trade marks and trade names] — [Grounds for refusal
of registration] — [s 8(2)(b) of the Trade Marks Act] — [Whether the word
“DIGI” is inherently distinctive]  
[Intellectual Property] — [Trade marks and trade names] — [Grounds for refusal
of registration] — [Passing off] — [Whether registration or prior use of trade
marks reduce the likelihood of confusion in misrepresentation] — [Well known
trade mark] — [Application to register trade mark made in bad faith]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Digi International Inc

  
v

  

Teraoka Seiko Co, Ltd

[2021] SGHC 165

General Division of the High Court — Tribunal Appeal No 7 of 2020  
Dedar Singh Gill J  
18 January, 15 March 2021

2 July 2021 Judgment reserved.

Dedar Singh Gill J:

1 This is a cross-appeal against the Intellectual Property Adjudicator’s (“the
Adjudicator”) decision dated 2 August 2019 in Digi International Inc. v
Teraoka Seiko Co., Ltd [2020] SGIPOS 1 (“the GD”) to refuse the registration
of Trade Mark No. (“SGTM No.”) 40201700142X 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Notice of Opposition (Form TM 11).

(“the Application Mark”) under International Registration No. (“IR No.”)
1326111. The Application Mark is as follows:

![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)  
---  
  
and is sought to be registered in Classes 9, 38 and 42 (“the Application
Mark’s Specifications”). The specification of goods and services under each
Nice Class is set out in full in Annex 1.

2 In the GD, the Adjudicator held that the respondent’s opposition to the
registration of the Application Mark succeeded under ss 8(2)(b), 8(4)(b)(i),
read with 8(4)(a), and 8(7)(a) of the Trade Marks Act (Cap 332, 2005 Rev Ed)
(“the TMA”). However, the Adjudicator dismissed the ground of opposition under  
s 7(6) of the Act. The appellant is appealing against the portion of the
Adjudicator’s decision granting the respondent’s opposition under s 8 of the
TMA, while the respondent is appealing the refusal to grant its opposition
under s 7(6).

The parties

3 The appellant is a company headquartered in the US. It was constituted in
1985 under the name “Digiboard Inc.”, but changed its name in 1994 to “Digi
International Inc.” to reflect the growing scope of its products and business.
The appellant’s focus has always been on connecting things, starting with
intelligent multiport serial boards for personal computers (“PC”) sold under
the mark “DIGIBOARD”. As wireless data technologies evolved, the appellant
expanded its product lines. Today, its products include computer hardware such
as cellular routers, gateways, wireless communication adapters, serial
servers, intelligent console servers and electronic sensors and cameras used
to monitor and collect data and transmit it to a host or a remote computer
system. Such collection and transmission of data is done to provide alerts, in
the case of triggering events, and surveillance and real-time environmental
sensors for measuring and transmitting temperature, humidity and light
information. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Steve Maurer’s Statutory Declaration of 15 February 2019 (“Mr Mauer’s SD”) at
p 2 [4].

Its products are used “wherever connection with machines is required”, thereby
forming the essential layer of machine-to-machine (“M2M”) communications, and
remote monitoring and management of devices. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Mr Mauer’s SD at p 2 [4]–[5].

However, the appellant claims that it does not manufacture scales, weighing
devices or printers. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Mr Mauer’s SD at p 2 [5].

4 The appellant also sells “many of [its] products…to Original Equipment
Manufacturers (‘OEMs’)” which are then incorporated into products sold under
other brands. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Mr Mauer’s SD at p 2 [5].

Outside of the US, the applicant has offices in countries including Singapore,
Germany, Japan, Australia and China and has distributors in over 200 locations
worldwide. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Mr Mauer’s SD at p 3 [8].

5 In Singapore, the appellant has the following trade mark registrations
(collectively, “the Appellant’s DIGI-related Marks (Singapore)”) which feature
the word “DIGI” or variations thereof:

Trade Mark| Details| Validity Period  
---|---|---  
![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)(“the
Appellant’s Old Mark (Singapore)”)| SGTM No. T9707462I in Class 9|
24/06/1997–24/06/2017  
![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)|
SGTM No. T9707463G in Class 9| 24/06/1997–24/06/2027  
![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)|
SGTM No. T0406810J in Class 9 (IR No. 822610)| 30/03/2004–30/03/2024  
![](data:image/Png;base64,
iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAOYAAAAWCAIAAABbmnf1AAAAAXNSR0IArs4c6QAACaFJREFUaEPtm1uMTlcUx6tvM0RNEWIyk4hbRUJ0GjwIcXmYkRB0mlC3klAaNY27B8blwT1BpVRfqgRJJ62OBA8uqUjcKnV5YAwRpiPEXFRieNMfK5Zl733Od85Hmki+k8mXc85ee+21/nvt/1577zOtnj9//kHuyiHw/iDw4ftjas7SHAIvEMiFbC4O3jMEWmli0Nzc3NjYmJef/7Slxf4WFhbm5eX5bj19+rS+vt6R/7igwBe+efPmtWvXWrdu/eTJk969e4vCK1euFBUVFRQUoDm5KmuG1FLNn5aUFHbpgsCJEyeGDx/uGIx3dXV1d+7cETNUWMUQaEHjK9+7d+/uaHCMrLt7t6i4OLk8kjj+7NmzIMgZAY93Ngig0480Qe8EDQj2mnU/CXpBv3wYRW1yg/1weh2yZ8+evXr16m+//25t7dix48OHD3nTq2fPMWPG9O/fX4KMi0C8cOHCL3v2yCMCAwcOLC0tVQGJnp9370bD+HHjOnfuTLj8eerU+fPnBwwYcPv27RXLl4tLSVQ5AXTo0KFfq6rQLO22adPm+PHjyHzUrh36jxw+rPKgs3fvXvxCcsSIEbz/6+JFZHicO3euYooNJ0+eVPcXLVzoxD3ddvr06R927EADsNDNffr0SS5fBjSlpTU1NRbkkSNHPn78uG3btvxiktj8/bZtTk9ndJbxv2TpUgci/xHNDQ0Nfi+L5Ddz5owePdqplRC9YPCIKvp61qxZwiZ6JTc4EPSwrL02bd5cWla2orKypaVF3nNTXV09ZepU3vN75swZK08R7/lrampyVO3bt89RJQL/1NejnyJuEqqyYtgj1THVaVSNUXkVJqCtEpoWjxx3eF9RUSEe1dbWOh7xePnyZVuUVl4UCsj8OvpxB6ssLAmdxTsqqsHciAuiCiUI8Ag+1gDpZS31Oysteo5fYCVvfJzTGmyBcnNZhrsMBSVkbhh8a9euFcZdtXo1hOSPYEuulO7fvx8ChsmWLlnicDsD7ruKCrQ1NjQEicFR5cjAc8KRC+bPdySxE6qw/Lps2TKE4XiHMrFh4YIFSOJO/b17WoX3wsRcq9essUXykmTmBTj5+fKYVl5q9ezRg1+FWlvHHciYCV3fJHSWVOeL8vJAMvNSFfjj/tQpU5jlRLPtZSllVuE9WBFnIgO/pkVP1Kryvn37zpg+XbQdOXpUneImrcG2rhuyTFIUy6+96BuiVt5s375dixQFK0xMS8KwaPHiYB5M3wAxk5StFVTlmMEEdOzYMdHsFMkjUy2DgUmceyRrbtzgpry83BcGUOYs3u/atcsxAw28YXxSRM/ZUhkkdprD7FTyVBdPfZB5SfJAyistJneW1Hzw4MG+jzq0RHNxcbHI+L2sQ1pjKwv0fLXARY/QIoPBjv+0BlvXwizrE4D0E3TFDXFALiJaGC4+Un9UV/MSInQyGCsJxIpgjCpHuQAao5kR8tW0aSykEJPslriMou3PSkoETTtv4FG/fv3gJCkiD/YdtG/SyitoPsjEKKbqIE/uLDgHfbSEjYDSsEOH1h1NqbNAL6hW3ST714bSGhwXslEsK3WGDRsmNyy95canRmhJiJBVUUxnWwSjVDnV0SyAsu6J0QxhgAhEKxT7Sa9eUcKMdSli20FlxKOJEyfK+GSBxeonprm08gqaw7J4R5aiDaVyNso8y7JWxu9lHbQy82SHnq8WZpUug2uD861jeZTBViwFy9pqN2pr5dFnWTaepKhTp04+lPgAOvbSmTdI2FaDau7WrVtMDEkRey4xZkiRkpC6Yz2aPHkydM4bEkqdVfx21eyE8toEWSM7KowH+V23fn3WzkahYVnWyjh0SIDueTWZfD5+fNboOWrp5Y0bNqCNxGnChAkZu8z2SIxw0lxWVPgJvs+yOlCCIciSi7Th23nz+GN9w76SGpcxl43X7DiZRDi4a6hmwAqVlZWSp7Ly9Zdi0mJaeVvl70uXGC3yy66fdSGJ/RmDIJ5lafGnl9eXkybBhXhauWIFKT5qk7Tuoycsi6qyUaP4o4ubmptJsbZu2RKTIga9ThGyMVkOWvy9Aj8udWQHQxBEWOmLQV27dp05c6bOFxlZNl6z42QS4WAUWjPIXmTRyVKM5bOzFJMW08prFdwHCv3T1a2oTWJ/xpCNZ1mSSzI9piy2C9avW/fjzp2DBg1K3rqPngQPqQX74rIYALchQ4fGbwFZL6IMtjLpWFZryjYNVwzL3rp1Kx7ToUOGWIHkLPvgwYOMvaU8kURY3fE9gh7oTkHfmbuDCGSU1yacXJaKkkfKlcr+KDTiWZbTO5iS1J8LKrG5ZqrWFT2by44dO1Y3ZIJDPWjzu89ldR7XhYtPjUAvKSALl3hbnboZWRbNMk2fO3cuY8iqGddraqKEa65flyJ1h3vfDLpTtnuZ8phGHW1p5bUJf8dg1cqVqjyVs1EOJsxl/erZoWenaAYAh170F6AdPHgwY3+JwDtmWSYCOZ9k9aepSZAadTees6UYW526GVkWVezm8stWQPA4Q9piq0hKxQwgk21a/yKJdNzhMWgGhxSyv+gcaGchr1WC+7KUstST1V4qZ4MOJt8x8KtngZ6zY0CQyFBnkz5m/WqbfpcsS7ySzKGdcaNHGjwGqZEOFqLduGlT1KrFr5uRZSW8hGg5zghSOM0dOHBAduMRFjO2bN3qdwkgshnnL2ajzAB9O3GrwrTy6jgf1vhWYT9fC8gZWypngyEbz7JBA1RPFugJy1q1JMeyVxizfrWWZ8+yaNGA4IZdGOKVZI4+Y5Vgs+n79+9Lk04AISYdTEWHEZXzHD6LUvXGKMzLk6NjiPbr2bPt2EUtdrKrokduzE3cE7UQLQfIVg8mASJ6+DTHWcxihh5aOk3LTOcER1p5rY4LDmjEK/YTK4Iw9id31lplt5mDoSx0KPvWUVcW6AXVsvcnR/1EQhR/ZTTYGvnGl1wct+jhhwjR3+IY8cfxt64oeeN8+iTfSXGmZQOa7UYOUdCA0RwpkafLV1RUh7RUOIkqazTRWVVVJXM0mll6//voEa3Q2ez/OSFov0WS0w2yW2zwhTGDDTg5B8GdGTNmyI6PE+vs3ciXYmnlqULSwtaSfv4WDBd2mizOqZx1kAQcsgvbKRhge1l6zf+ASw1LiF68WqwCNI2omA/ofIN9iF6HbMyAe8sixhaEzxcFDDUWOtxHfUaZqiHQZNuPJVR+fn6HDh3at28fs5kiwjJnZRSONwN3Eu4yip608sHWUzmbCsYkwu8QvSTNxcv8HyH79lbmNOQQUARy/0iTC4b3DIH/AAc9KGm6BD02AAAAAElFTkSuQmCC)|
SGTM No. T0526253I in Class 9 (IR No. 869245)| 1/11/2005–1/11/2025  
![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)|
SGTM No. T0807463F in Class 9 (IR No. 962735)| 20/02/2008–20/02/2028  
![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)|
SGTM No. T1004289D in Class 9 (IR No. 1032945)| 4/03/2010–4/03/2020  
![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)|
SGTM No. T1004290H in Class 9 (IR No. 1032946)| 4/03/2010–4/03/2020  
![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)|
SGTM No. T1110097I in Class 9 (IR No. 1075288)| 13/04/2011–13/04/2021  
![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)|
SGTM No. T1004298C in Class 9 (IR No. 1033071)| 4/03/2010–4/03/2020  
![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)|
SGTM No. T1012350I in Class 9 (IR No. 1048544)| 24/06/2010–24/06/2020  
![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)|
SGTM No. T0406806B in Class 9 (IR No. 822600)| 30/03/2004–30/03/2024  
![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)|
SGTM No. T0406811I in Class 9 (IR No. 822611)| 30/03/2004–30/03/2024  
![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)|
SGTM No. T0622998E in Class 9 (IR No. 898823)| 27/07/2006–27/07/2026  
![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)|
SGTM No. 40201510504Q in Classes 9, 38, 42 (IR No. 1251668)| Class 9:
16/04/2015–19/09/2016Classes 38, 42: 16/04/2015–16/04/2025  
![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)|
SGTM No. T0901850J in Class 9 (IR No. 991265)| 9/01/2009–9/01/2019  
![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)|
SGTM No. 40201716541X in Class 9 (IR No. 1361773)| 28/06/2017–28/06/2027  
![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)|
SGTM No. 40201811202U in Class 9 (IR No. 1406042)| 27/02/2018–27/02/2028  
![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)|
SGTM No. T9707464E in Class 9| 24/06/1997–24/06/2027  
![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)|
SGTM No. T0809189A in Class 9 (IR No. 966387)| 6/06/2008–6/06/2028  
![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)|
SGTM No. T0809190E in Class 9 (IR No. 966388)| 6/06/2008–6/06/2028  
![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)|
SGTM No. T0810669D in Class 9 (IR No. 969597)| 16/06/2008–16/06/2018  
![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)|
SGTM No. T0912839Z in Classes 9, 38, 42 (IR No. 1016677)|
28/07/2009–28/07/2019  
![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)|
SGTM No. T1006793E in Classes 9, 38, 42 (IR No. 1038380)|
11/01/2010–11/01/2020  
![](data:image/Png;base64, 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)| SGTM No. T1115506D in Classes 9, 38, 42 (IR No. 1094064) | 28/09/2011–28/09/2021  
![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)|
SGTM No. T0807817H in Class 9 (IR No. 963212)| 16/04/2008–16/04/2018  
  
6 The respondent is a Japan-based company headquartered in Tokyo. It was
founded in November 1934. It began selling electronic scales named “DIGI” in
1971 and commenced exporting them in the same year. By the latter half of the
1980s, the respondent had established production bases in Singapore, China and
the UK. Today, its products include Point-of-Sale (“POS”) equipment and
systems, scales, labellers, sorting machines and systems, vending machines and
cloud and server systems. The respondent presently caters to four main
business fields: retail, food, logistics and hospitality. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Youichi Kishi’s Statutory Declaration of 17 October 2018 (“Mr Kishi’s SD”) at
pp 2–3, [4]–[5], [8].

7 The respondent is the registered proprietor of, inter alia, SGTM No.
T8605807D (“the Respondent’s Mark (Singapore)”): 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Ground of Opposition (Amendment No. 1) dated 19 April 2018 (“AGO”) at [2].

![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)

The Respondent’s Mark (Singapore) has been registered in Class 9 for
“[b]alance and scale, scale equipped with printer, printer” since 18 December
1986. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Mr Kishi’s SD at p 5 [15]–[16]; GD at [12].

The respondent has also used the “DIGI” trade mark for scales and measuring
equipment and related goods and services since at least April 1987. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

AGO at [4].

8 The respondent’s wholly owned Singapore subsidiary is Digi Singapore Pte Ltd
(“the Respondent’s Singapore Subsidiary”). It was formerly called “Teraoka
Weigh-System Pte Ltd”, but was renamed in 2016. The Respondent’s Singapore
Subsidiary is also the regional marketing centre for South East Asia. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Heng Yong Chiang’s SD (“Mr Heng’s SD”) at pp 1–2 [4], [6].

Facts

The 2002 Agreement

9 The parties are no strangers to each other. In 2002, the appellant and
respondent entered into an agreement (“the 2002 Agreement”). It arose out of a
separate dispute – a trade mark opposition filed by the appellant in Germany
against the respondent’s application to register a mark identical to the
Respondent’s Mark (Singapore) (“the German Dispute”). The basis for the
appellant’s opposition was its earlier registration of a mark identical to the
Appellant’s Old Mark (Singapore) (German Trade Mark Registration 2093840, “the
Appellant’s Old Mark (Germany)”):

![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)

In the German Dispute, the respondent responded by filing an action to cancel
the registration of the Appellant’s Old Mark (Germany) on the basis of its
earlier registration for “DIGI” (German Trade Mark Registration 970360, “the
Respondent’s DIGI Word Mark (Germany)”).

10 Eventually, the parties’ reached a settlement in the form of the 2002
Agreement. In brief, the appellant and respondent withdrew their opposition
and trade mark cancellation actions respectively. A mark identical to the
Respondent’s Mark (Singapore) was registered in Germany (German Trade Mark
Registration 39406977, “the Respondent’s Mark (Germany)”). The parties agreed
not to oppose the registration, renewal and/or use of each other’s marks,
covered by the 2002 Agreement, as long as each kept to a demarcated scope of
goods and services specified in the 2002 Agreement. Salient terms of the 2002
Agreement are as follows:

(a) The appellant agrees not to attack the existing or new registrations,
renewals and/or use of, for instance, the German trademark registrations
39406977 (ie, the Respondent’s Mark (Germany)) and 970360 (ie, the
Respondent’s DIGI Word Mark (Germany)) by the respondent, as long as the use
and registration of the aforementioned mark are for goods and services similar
to those covered by the respondent’s two German trade marks; 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Mr Kishi’s SD at Exhibit G, Clause 4 of the 2002 Agreement.

(b) The respondent agrees not to attack existing or new registrations,
renewals, and/or use of, for instance, the German trademark registration
2903840 (ie, the Appellant’s Old Mark (Germany)) by the appellant, as long as
the use and registration of the mark are for goods and services similar to
those covered by the appellant’s German trade mark and such registrations
and/or use does not refer to identical goods and services covered by the
respondent’s two German trade marks ; 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Mr Kishi’s SD at Exhibit G, Clause 5 of the 2002 Agreement.

(c) In summary, the 2002 Agreement permits the appellant to register the
defined marks for “data processing devices and computer, namely, micro-
computer hardware for use in connection with multiple user systems and local
networks, especially server based asynchronous serial boards, ISDN-network
access cards and synchronous boards, ISDN-LAN-bridges remote access servers,
LAN-router, single and multiple channel transceivers, media transformer, micro
hubs and modular repeaters, network printer server, cluster controller
systems, modems and fax modems; software programmes brought on data carriers,
namely micro computer software for the operation of the aforementioned micro
computer hardware, software for terminal emulation, software for data
communication in multi user systems, software for data communication in local
networks and software for remote access to local networks”, so long as the
foregoing do not include uses by the appellant as stated below at [9(d)] (ie,
goods and services concerning weighing and/or measuring purposes or transfer
of data connected to weighing and/or measuring processes) 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Mr Kishi’s SD at Exhibit G, Clause 1 of the 2002 Agreement

(collectively, “the Appellant’s Specified Goods and Services”); 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Mr Kishi’s SD at Exhibit G, Clause 5 of the 2002 Agreement.

(d) Under the 2002 Agreement, the respondent is permitted to register the
defined marks for (collectively, “the Respondent’s Specified Goods and
Services”): 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Mr Kishi’s SD at Exhibit G, Clause 4 read with Clause 1 of the 2002 Agreement.

(i) spring scales, electronical and electrical scales, parts of such goods and
equipment therefore, namely digital or analogue display devices, keyboards,
writer and printer (from German trademark registration 970360); and

(ii) packaging machines, including vacuum packaging machines; automatic
filling and packaging machines; transport and conveying machines, especially
band conveyors, conveyor belts, conveying devices, loading and charging
devices for shelves and racks, weighing and labelling devices which are
combinable with conveying machines; machines, electronical packaging devices,
electronical manual labelling machines, devices and systems, for packaging,
labelling and inscripting, respectively, machines and devices for weighing,
packaging, labelling and assessing postage of goods which are ready to be
dispatched; parts of the aforementioned goods; electrical and electronical
weighing, measuring, signal and control apparatus and devices (as far as
included in Class 9), systems for sorting, weighs, especially digital weighs,
especially having electronic and digital display devices, weighing and pricing
systems, electronical printer, displays combined with printers, label
printers, especially with cassette plug-ins; code control print-devices,
pricing devices, counters, electronical registration devices, apparatus and
instruments for coding and decoding, apparatus and devices for register
controlling, surveying and commanding charge of shelves and for the shipment;
cash register, machine and devices for automatic book-keeping; storage and for
the stock-keeping; parts of the aforementioned goods; calculators, data-
processing devices and computers, except for, micro-computer hardware for use
in connection with multiple user systems and local area networks, namely:
server based asynchronous serial boards, ISDN-network access cards and
synchronous boards, ISDN-LAN-bridges remote access servers, LAN-router, single
and multiple channel transceivers, media transformer, micro hubs and modular
repeaters, network print server, cluster controller systems, modems and fax
modems, software programs brought on data carriers, namely micro computer
software for the operation of the aforementioned micro computer hardware,
software for terminal emulation, software for data communication in multi user
systems, software for data communication in local networks and software for
remote access to local networks, as far as the excluded goods or services
concern subject matter without connection to weighing and/or measuring
purposes or transfer of data connected to weighing and/or measuring processes;
parts of the aforementioned goods; service of an engineer in the field of
weighing packaging, filling and storing technique (from German trademark
registration 39406977). 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Mr Kishi’s SD at Exhibit G, Clause 4 read with Preamble and Clause 1 of the
2002 Agreement.

11 It is not disputed that the 2002 Agreement remains valid and binding on
both parties (GD at [17]). Clause 6 defines the scope of the 2002 Agreement in
these terms:

This agreement is valid for existing trademarks on a worldwide basis and is
valid not only for [the respondent] and [the appellant] but also for their
successors in law, affiliated companies and licensees.

[emphasis added]

Genesis of the Application Mark

12 The Application Mark was launched by the appellant on its 30th anniversary
to give its corporate logo a “new brand identity and look and feel”. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Mr Mauer’s SD at p 2046.

It was intended to replace the mark identical to the Appellant’s Old Mark
(Singapore).

13 In its announcement of the launch of the Application Mark on 26 October
2015, the appellant described the Application Mark as follows: 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Mr Mauer’s SD at pp 2046–2047.

The new Digi logo is based on precision, technology and connection. It breaks
out the Digi name from the enclosing green rectangle of the previous logo,
visually setting the name free from boundaries. The green triangle, an
evolution of the historical green rectangle, is a signature element of the
Digi design system. The "up and out" direction represents forward movement,
while the brighter green of the triangle reflects modern technology and
thinking.

14 The appellant has since obtained protection of the Application Mark in
several territories. The ten territories marked with an asterisk are those in
which the respondent has also registered marks identical to Respondent’s Mark
(Singapore) (“the Overlapping Territories”): 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Steve Mauer’s 1st Affidavit dated 1 June 2020 (“Mr Mauer’s 1st Affidavit”) at
p 21 [40].

S/N| Territory| Classes  
---|---|---  
1 | US*| 9, 37, 38, 40, 41 and 42  
2| Argentina*| 9, 38 and 42  
3| Brazil| 9, 38 and 42  
4| China* | 9 and 38  
5| Colombia | 9, 38 and 42  
6| Cuba| 9, 38 and 42  
7 | India*| 9, 38 and 42  
8| World Intellectual Property Organization| 9, 38 and 42  
9| Israel* | 9, 38 and 42  
10| Japan*| 9, 38 and 42  
11| Mexico*| 9, 38 and 42  
12| Russian Federation| 9, 38 and 42  
13| Switzerland*| 9, 38 and 42  
14| South Africa*| 9, 38 and 42  
15| Hong Kong*| 38 and 42  
  
15 In addition to the territories in the table above, the respondent contends,
and the appellant has not disputed, that the appellant has registered the
Application Mark in Australia, Canada, the EU and South Korea. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Respondent’s Written Submissions (“RS”) at [261]; Respondent’s Reply
Submissions (“RRS”) at [53].

The respondent has opposed the registration of the Application Mark in these
four territories. The Overlapping Territories will therefore include these
four territories.

Proceedings in Singapore

16 The Application Mark was accepted for registration and published on 18
August 2017 for opposition purposes. The respondent filed its Notice of
Opposition on 17 October 2017.

17 On 16 July 2019, about two and a half weeks prior to the hearing before the
Adjudicator, the appellant wrote to the Registrar of Trade Marks to request an
amendment to its specification of goods in Class 9. It sought to replace the
words “computer printer servers” with “none of the aforementioned goods
relating to balance and scale, scale equipped with printer, printer” (“the
appellant’s Class 9 Amendment”). These changes are reflected in [A.1] and
[A.2] in Annex 1. Despite the change being made, the respondent proceeded with
the opposition. The Adjudicator rendered her decision on 20 January 2020.

Decision below

18 To re-cap, the Adjudicator allowed the respondent’s opposition under  
ss 8(2)(b), 8(4)(b)(i) and 8(7)(a) of the TMA. However, the ground of
opposition under s 7(6) of the TMA was dismissed.

s 8(2)(b) TMA

19 Under s 8(2)(b) of the TMA, the Adjudicator applied the step-by-step
approach set out by the Court of Appeal in Staywell Hospitality Group Pty Ltd
v Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide, Inc and another and another appeal
[2014] 1 SLR 911 (“Staywell”). This approach requires the sequential
assessment of three requirements: (a) similarity (or identity) of marks; (b)
similarity (or identity) of goods or services; and (c) the likelihood of
confusion arising from the two similarities.

20 First, the Adjudicator found that the Application Mark and Respondent’s
Mark (Singapore) were similar. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

GD at [50].

They were aurally identical because both comprise the letters “DIGI” which
were read phonetically as “dee gee”. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

GD at [40].

In terms of visual similarity, the Adjudicator observed that the text “DIGI”
was not “particularly” inherently distinctive. Whilst it was not a word with a
dictionary meaning, it was intuitively a shorthand for the word "digital" and
connoted goods and services which were digital in nature. However, she noted
that the stylised manner of the text and the triangle device accompanying it
conferred the composite mark a “medium degree of distinctiveness” (at [45]):

The Opponent’s DIGI Mark is set against a white background, uses a sans serif
font type with no hooks, with all the letters capitalised and the first letter
“D” is stylised with an unclosed border at the bottom end. The device appears
in black and lies to the left of the text in the form of an inverted triangle
with parallel lines above it, forming an overall inverted triangular shape.
Viewed as a composite whole, the Opponent’s DIGI mark can be said to have a
medium degree of distinctiveness from its combined font design and triangle.

21 In comparison, the Adjudicator noted that the Application Mark was also set
against a white background, used a sans serif font type with no hooks, had all
capitalised letters and a “D” with an unclosed border at the top end. It also
had a triangular mark in green which lay to the top right corner of the text
pointing towards the right. While not identical, the Adjudicator regarded both
marks as being “visually similar in terms of the textual presentation and use
of similarly shaped device”. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

GD at [48].

She concluded that “adopting the position of an average consumer with an
imperfect recollection, it would be understandable if a consumer considered
the … Application Mark to be similar to, like a more modernised version of,
the [Respondent’s Mark (Singapore)]”. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

GD at [48].

22 As for conceptual similarity, in both marks, the text “DIGI” evoked the
word “digital” and connoted a relation to products and services with a digital
element. As such, the marks had a high degree of conceptual similarity. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

GD at [49].

23 Second, in the next stage of the step-by-step approach, the Adjudicator
held that there was similarity between the respondent’s goods in Class 9, and
the appellant’s goods and services in Classes 9, 38 and 42. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

GD at [62].

The Adjudicator first noted that in obiter dicta, the Court of Appeal in
Staywell at [40] stated that registration in the same specification within a
class establishes a prima facie case for identity. In this case, while the
appellant’s Class 9 specification is defined extensively as compared to the
respondent’s much shorter specification, the 2002 Agreement evinced the
parties’ recognition that their respective descriptions could encroach on the
other’s goods and services. By the appellant’s own evidence, its products were
“used wherever connection with machines is required”. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Mr Mauer’s SD at [5].

Such products would include even machines relating to weighing or measuring
that have elements of connectivity, including the products sold by the
respondent.

24 The Adjudicator then compared Classes 38 and 42, individually, to the
respondent’s specification under Class 9. Classes 38 and 42 are named
“Telecommunications” and “Scientific and technological services and research
and design relating thereto; industrial analysis and industrial research
services; design and development of computer hardware and software”
respectively. It was held that the specifications in these two classes
“closely correspond[ed] with [the appellant’s] specification of goods set out
in Class 9” and that “[b]y this connection, it would also overlap with the
goods offered by the [respondent] under Class 9”. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

GD at [59].

25 The Adjudicator added that the appellant’s Class 9 Amendment did not affect
her conclusion. Neither it nor the 2002 Agreement, and the demarcation of each
party’s sphere of goods and services thereunder, made the appellant’s goods
and services dissimilar to the respondent’s. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

GD at [61].

26 Third, a likelihood of confusion as to the existence of an economic link
between the appellant’s and respondent’s goods and services was found. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

GD at [66].

The Adjudicator was “inclined to agree” with the respondent that the relevant
segment of the public included IT and electronics professionals and
enthusiasts as well as the general public. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

GD at [66].

However, she noted that the goods and services marketed by both parties were
not typically marketed and sold to the general public at large. Nevertheless,
the parties could have “target[ed] similar groups of consumers using
technological products and machinery”, ranging from “business consumers to
individuals such as IT and electronics professionals or enthusiasts”. The
parties’ goods and services covered a broad price range and could have been
sold online or in physical stores. Simpler and less expensive products were
more likely to be purchased by individuals who would generally have less
specialised needs and knowledge and who would pay less attention when
selecting the products for purchase. The aural, visual and conceptual
similarity of the marks also “significantly increase[d]” the likelihood of
confusion. All these factors together led to the satisfaction of the third
stage in the step-by-step inquiry. The opposition under s 8(2)(b) therefore
succeeded.

s 8(7)(a) TMA

27 s 8(7)(a) of the TMA sets out the ground of opposition based on the tort of
passing off. To succeed in proving passing off, the respondent must establish
the classic trinity of goodwill, misrepresentation and likelihood of damage.

28 First, the Adjudicator accepted that the respondent’s evidence of sales,
profits and expenses incurred in promoting the goods and services in
association with the Respondent’s Mark (Singapore) in Singapore established
its goodwill here. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

GD at [71].

29 Second, under element of misrepresentation the Adjudicator was satisfied
that the threshold requirement of proving that the Respondent’s Mark
(Singapore) was distinctive of its goods and services was met. Further, given
the similarity of the parties’ specifications and likelihood of confusion
under s 8(2)(b) of the TMA, misrepresentation was established. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

GD at [73].

30 Finally, the damage in this case was a real tangible risk of the
respondent’s goodwill being adversely affected through a diversion of custom.
35

##### Foot Note 35

×

GD at [75].

s 8(4)(b)(i) read with s 8(4)(a) TMA

31 To succeed on the ground of opposition under s 8(4)(b)(i) of the TMA, the
respondent must show that:

(a) The whole or an essential part of the Application Mark is identical with
or similar to an earlier trade mark;

(b) The earlier trade mark is well known in Singapore;

(c) The use of the Application Mark in relation to the goods or services for
which the Application Mark is sought to be registered would indicate a
connection between those goods or services and the proprietor of the earlier
trade mark; and

(d) Such use of the Application Mark is likely to damage the interests of the
proprietor of the earlier trade mark.

32 The earlier trade mark in this case is the Respondent’s Mark (Singapore)
which was filed on 18 December 1986. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

GD at [79].

As the marks-similarity analysis under ss 8(2)(b) and 8(4) of the TMA is
fundamentally the same (Rovio Entertainment Ltd v Kimanis Food Industries Sdn
Bhd [2015] 5 SLR 618 (“Rovio”) at [146]), the Adjudicator held that the first
element at [31(a)] was satisfied.

33 The Adjudicator also found that the Respondent’s Mark (Singapore) was well
known in Singapore. The principles and factors for determining if a trade mark
is well known in Singapore are found in ss 2(1) and 2(7)–2(9) of the TMA:

Interpretation

2.—(1) In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires —

…

“well known trade mark” means —

(a) any registered trade mark that is well known in Singapore; or

(b) any unregistered trade mark that is well known in Singapore and that
belongs to a person who —

(i) is a national of a Convention country; or

(ii) is domiciled in, or has a real and effective industrial or commercial
establishment in, a Convention country,

whether or not that person carries on business, or has any goodwill, in
Singapore;

…

(7) Subject to subsection (8), in deciding, for the purposes of this Act,
whether a trade mark is well known in Singapore, it shall be relevant to take
into account any matter from which it may be inferred that the trade mark is
well known, including such of the following matters as may be relevant:

(a) the degree to which the trade mark is known to or recognised by any
relevant sector of the public in Singapore;

(b) the duration, extent and geographical area of —

(i) any use of the trade mark; or

(ii) any promotion of the trade mark, including any advertising of, any
publicity given to, or any presentation at any fair or exhibition of, the
goods or services to which the trade mark is applied;

(c) any registration or application for the registration of the trade mark in
any country or territory in which the trade mark is used or recognised, and
the duration of such registration or application;

(d) any successful enforcement of any right in the trade mark in any country
or territory, and the extent to which the trade mark was recognised as well
known by the competent authorities of that country or territory;

(e) any value associated with the trade mark.

(8) Where it is determined that a trade mark is well known to any relevant
sector of the public in Singapore, the trade mark shall be deemed to be well
known in Singapore.

(9) In subsections (7) and (8), “relevant sector of the public in Singapore”
includes any of the following:

(a) all actual consumers and potential consumers in Singapore of the goods or
services to which the trade mark is applied;

(b) all persons in Singapore involved in the distribution of the goods or
services to which the trade mark is applied;

(c) all businesses and companies in Singapore dealing in the goods or services
to which the trade mark is applied.

34 The relevant sector of the public was consumers who had used the
respondent’s products and this did not need to be the public at large. The
Adjudicator considered the respondent’s evidence showing, inter alia, the
degree and extent to which the Respondent’s Mark (Singapore) had been used on
products sold in Singapore since 1987 and the sales and advertising figures of
the products”. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

GD at [81].

She accepted that the well known status of the Respondent’s Mark (Singapore)
was borne out by the evidence. She also noted that s 8(4) of the TMA grants
proprietors of well known trade marks in Singapore protection from
registration and/or use of identical or similar marks on dissimilar goods or
services (Novelty Pte Ltd v Amanresorts Ltd and another [2009] 3 SLR(R) 216
(“Novelty”) at [229]). Accordingly, the absence of evidence showing the
respondent using the Respondent’s Mark (Singapore) on services in Classes 38
and 42 was irrelevant. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

GD at [83].

35 Finally, the Adjudicator cited Novelty at [234] for the proposition that
the tests for misrepresentation and damage in passing off are substantively
the same as the tests for the third and fourth elements at [31(c)] and [31(d)]
respectively. Given her views on passing off under s 8(7)(a) of the TMA, the
third and fourth elements were satisfied. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

GD at [85].

The ground of opposition under  
s 8(4)(b)(i) of the TMA therefore succeeded.

s 7(6) of the TMA

36 s 7(6) of the TMA provides that “[a] trade mark shall not be registered if
or to the extent that the application is made in bad faith.” The Adjudicator
applied the test set out in Valentino Globe BV v Pacific Rim Industries Inc
[2010] 2 SLR 1203 (“Valentino”) at [29]. Namely, whether there is bad faith is
to be judged according to the combined test which contains both a subjective
element (viz, what the particular applicant knows) and an objective element
(viz, what ordinary persons adopting proper standards would think).

37 First, the Adjudicator rejected the respondent’s submission that the
appellant’s conduct ran counter to the 2002 Agreement. In her view, there was
no requirement under the 2002 Agreement for parties to inform or consult with
each other if a new “DIGI” related mark was developed. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

GD at [28].

She also rejected the suggestion that the 2002 Agreement prohibited parties
from adopting a new mark which was more similar to the other’s mark for goods
and services beyond the demarcated limits of the 2002 Agreement. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

GD at [28].

38 Second, the Adjudicator distinguished two cases relied on by the
respondent: Case O-006-17 Trade Mark Application No. 3134673 by Cold Black
Label Ltd (“Cold Black Label”) and Ceravolo Premium Wines Pty Ltd v Ma Kirkby
(Trpl) Pty Ltd [2018] ATMO 43 (“Ceravolo”). The Adjudicator observed that in
these cases: (a) the marks concerned were in fact confusing or deceptively
similar (although this is not necessary to establish bad faith); and (b) in
both cases, the registration was made not that long after the applicant
entered into an agreement with the respondent not to use a confusingly or
deceptively similar mark – about a year later in Cold Black Label and in
Ceravolo the registration took place even while the agreement was being
negotiated. In each case, there was a clear sense that the applicant, while
entering into the agreement, was still trying to contravene the spirit of the
agreement by surreptitiously seeking to register a similar mark without the
other party’s knowledge. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

GD at [29].

39 In contrast, the appellant filed the Application Mark 14 years after the
2002 Agreement. Even if the Application Mark is more similar to the
Respondent’s Mark (Singapore) than the Appellant’s Old Mark (Singapore), which
the Adjudicator made no finding on, this did not translate into an obligation
to inform the respondent of the Application Mark or of its registration. There
was no common understanding which the appellant appears to have acted against.
43

##### Foot Note 43

×

GD at [30].

40 As for the application to make the appellant’s Class 9 Amendment, the
Adjudicator held that bad faith could not be inferred from the appellant’s
Class 9 Amendment. Inter alia, despite the 2002 Agreement, the parties
continued to oppose the scope of goods or services specified in various
registrations around the world for their respective “DIGI” marks, and the
present registration involved a different mark. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

GD at [33].

The ground of opposition under s 7(6) of the TMA therefore failed.

Parties’ submissions

Appellant’s submissions

s 8(9) of the TMA

41 s 8(9) of the TMA provides that “[t]he Registrar may, in his discretion,
register a trade mark where the proprietor of the earlier trade mark or other
earlier right consents to the registration.” The appellant submits that the
2002 Agreement evidences the respondent’s consent to its use of the word
“DIGI” in its trade marks, subject to the appellant confining the usage of the
Application Mark to the Appellant’s Specified Goods and Services. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Appellant’s Written Submissions (“AS”) at [66].

Since the Application Mark’s Specifications fall within the Appellant’s
Specified Goods and Services under the 2002 Agreement, the 2002 Agreement
constitutes consent by the respondent to the Application Mark’s registration.
46

##### Foot Note 46

×

AS at [66].

42 While Clause 6 of the 2002 Agreement states that “this agreement is valid
for existing trademarks” [emphasis added], the appellant argues that it
governs the registration of the Application Mark, which was launched in 2015
(see [13] above). 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Minute sheet for HC/TA 7/2020 hearing on 18 January 2021 (“MS”) at p 2.

At the hearing, it was argued that a 2003 Settlement Implementation Agreement
(“the 2003 Canadian Settlement Agreement”), arising out of the respondent’s
opposition to the appellant’s registration of certain “DIGI” related
trademarks in Canada, elucidates the ambit of the 2002 Agreement. The recital
of the 2003 Canadian Settlement Agreement states that the parties wish to
“abide by the spirit of the [2002 Agreement]”. Clauses 8.0 and 9.0 of the 2003
Canadian Settlement Agreement then provide that the parties will not challenge
each other’s existing or new registrations, new applications, renewals and/or
use of certain “DIGI” related marks, “and/or close variations of such
trademarks involving the word DIGI” [emphasis added]. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Bundle of Documents (“BOD”), Tab 11, Tab K at p 32.

Since the 2003 Canadian Settlement Agreement governs close variations of the
“DIGI” related marks specified in that agreement, the appellant argues that
the same should be said of the 2002 Agreement. However, the appellant accepts
that the 2003 Canadian Settlement Agreement does not apply on a worldwide
basis. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

MS at p 3.

s 8(2)(b) TMA

43 The appellant asks for the ground of opposition under s 8(2)(b) of the TMA
to be dismissed. It submits that the step-by-step approach under s 8(2)(b) of
the TMA should be analysed with the 2002 Agreement in mind.

44 At the first stage concerning marks similarity, the appellant advanced two
alternative cases on appeal.

45 Its first case is premised on the view that the respondent tacitly accepts
co-existence with the Application Mark if: (a) it is not more similar to the
Respondent’s Mark (Singapore) than the Appellant’s Old Mark (Singapore); and
(b) the Application Mark’s Specifications keep within the limits of the 2002
Agreement. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

AS at [73].

Accordingly, the appellant argues that the Application Mark is not more
similar to the Respondent’s Mark (Singapore) than the Appellant’s Old Mark
(Singapore). 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

AS at [75].

In respect of the triangle device in the Application Mark, the appellant
highlights that the respondent does not claim exclusivity over such a device
and that it is unlikely that the Application Mark will inflict any damage on
the respondent’s interests in addition to that inflicted by the Appellant’s
Old Mark (Singapore). 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

AS at [78]–[79].

46 Its second case, in the alternative, is that the Application Mark and
Respondent’s Mark (Singapore) are dissimilar. In this regard, the appellant
relies on the 2 February 2021 decision of the Australian Registrar of Trade
Marks, Teraoka Seiko Co., Ltd v Digi International Inc. (International
Registration Designating Australia 1326111 (9, 38, 42); Australian Trade Mark
Application No. 1818298) (“the Australian Registrar’s Decision”). The
Australian Registrar dismissed the respondent’s opposition to the appellant’s
application for registration of the Application Mark in Australia. Briefly, it
was held that marks identical to the Application Mark and Respondent’s Mark
(Singapore) (“Respondent’s Mark (Australia)”) were not deceptively similar.
The word “DIGI” lacked distinctiveness as it was an abbreviation for “digital”
and the triangle devices of the marks are “significantly different” (at [14],
[21]). Any confusion that might occur would stem from the use of the
descriptive term “DIGI”, and not from the deceptive similarity of the parties’
trade marks. The appellant argues that the reasoning set out by the Australian
Registrar applies equally in this case. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Appellant’s Further Submissions (“AFS”) at [33].

47 At the second stage of the step-by-step approach, the appellant submits
that the Application Mark’s Specifications: (a) fall within the scope of the
Appellant’s Specified Goods and Services; 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

AS at [81].

and (b) are no more similar to the specifications of the Respondent’s Mark
(Singapore) than the specifications of the Appellant’s Old Mark (Singapore)
were. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

AS at [83].

The appellant is thus compliant with the 2002 Agreement and entitled to
register the Application Mark.

48 Alternatively, the appellant submits that the specifications of the
Application Mark in Classes 9, 38 and 42 and the Respondent’s Mark (Singapore)
in Class 9, are dissimilar. The parties operate in different industries and
provide goods and services for different uses and users. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

AS at [100].

49 Finally, the appellant refutes the existence of any likelihood of confusion
among the relevant public. It argues that the relevant public, OEMs, would
apply care and specialist knowledge when purchasing the appellant’s products
and would therefore not confuse the parties’ products. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

AS at [101].

In any event, the appellant does not manufacture scales, weighing devices or
printers. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

AS at [101].

The appellant also highlights that: (a) the parties’ marks co-existed for 14
years under the 2002 Agreement. From 2002 to 2015, the appellant filed about
425 applications worldwide for “DIGI” related marks; and (b) the Application
Mark currently co-exists with identical iterations of the Respondent’s Mark
(Singapore) in the Overlapping Territories without opposition from the
respondent. The trade mark offices of those territories believed that there
would be no likelihood of confusion among the relevant public. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

AS at [103]–[104].

The appellant also highlights the absence of any evidence of actual confusion
60

##### Foot Note 60

×

AS at [105].

and cites, in support of its overall position, the Australian Registrar’s
Decision where it was held that the parties’ trade in different industries (at
[52]).

s 8(7)(a) TMA

50 The appellant challenges the existence of a misrepresentation and damage to
the respondent’s goodwill.

51 Under the element of misrepresentation, the appellant argues that the
respondent’s consent to its registration of the Application Mark, pursuant to
the 2002 Agreement (see [41] above), means that the appellant is not
misrepresenting its goods as being those of the respondent’s. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

AS at [108].

Further, it submits that the specifications of the Application Mark are, in
substance, similar to specifications of the Appellant’s DIGI-related Marks
(Singapore). The goods and services covered under these earlier marks must
have been deemed to be distinct from the specification of the Respondent’s
Mark (Singapore). Therefore, allowing the Application Mark to be registered
will not result in any likelihood of confusion in the market. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

AFS at [21].

52 Under the element of damage, the appellant submits that this is not
satisfied given the absence of a likelihood of confusion under s 8(2)(b) of
the TMA. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

AS at [107(a)].

s 8(4)(b)(i) read with s 8(4)(a) TMA

53 Given there is no likelihood of confusion under s 8(2)(b) of the TMA, the
elements of: (a) a connection between appellant’s goods or services bearing
the Application Mark and the respondent; and (b) likely damage to the
interests of the respondent, under s 8(4)(b)(i) TMA are not made out. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

AS at [107(b)].

s 7(6) TMA

54 The appellant disputes the allegation that the Application Mark was filed
in bad faith. Principally, it takes the view that Clauses 4 and 5 of the 2002
Agreement envision that parties may apply for new registrations of trade marks
and that there is no obligation on either party to consult with the other
before making changes to their respective marks. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

AS at [111].

Respondent’s submissions

s 8(9) TMA

55 The respondent disputes that it consented to the registration of the
Application mark under the 2002 Agreement. The 2002 Agreement is inapplicable
due to Clause 6 of the 2002 Agreement, which states that the agreement is “…
valid for existing trade marks on a world wide basis …”. Seen in this context,
Clauses 4 and 5 only permit “new registrations” of each party’s trade marks
that were existing at the time of the 2002 Agreement. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

RRS at [10]–[11].

s 8(2)(b) TMA

56 At the first stage of the step-by-step analysis involving marks similarity,
the respondent is of the view that the Adjudicator erred in finding that the
Respondent’s Mark (Singapore) only possessed a “medium degree of
distinctiveness” due to its font design and triangle device. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

RS at [21].

It submits that the Respondent’s Mark (Singapore) possesses a high degree of
technical distinctiveness arising from its inherent and, if not, acquired
distinctiveness. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

RS at [30]–[31].

57 In terms of inherent distinctiveness, the respondent relies on the
principle that an invented word possesses a high degree of distinctiveness. It
argues that “DIGI” has no dictionary meaning and that neither party led
evidence proving that it is a short form of the word “digital”. It also
highlights that the appellant took the position in the EU Office for
Harmonisation in the Internal Market (“EU OHIM”) (Trade Marks and Designs)
Opposition Division case of Opposition No. B 819 229 Digi International Inc. v
DigiPoS Store Solutions Group Limited (“Digi v DigiPoS (EU)”) that “DIGI” does
not mean “digital” and that it does not appear as such in the dictionary. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

RS at [26]–[28].

In terms of acquired distinctiveness, the appellant contends that the
Adjudicator failed to give due consideration to this latter form of
distinctiveness. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

RS at [25], [42].

58 The respondent otherwise adopts the Adjudicator’s findings that the
Application Mark and Respondent’s Mark (Singapore) are visually similar and
aurally identical. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

RS at [44], [65].

However, it submits that the Adjudicator erred in only regarding the marks as
being conceptually similar. Instead, the marks are conceptually identical as
each will be “remembered as a mark made up of a meaningless word, and a single
triangular device.” 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

RS at [80].

59 The respondent also disputes the relevance of the Australian Registrar’s
Decision at this stage of the analysis. It argues that, unlike in Australia,
the Respondent’s Mark (Singapore) does not bear an endorsement that the
registration of the mark gives no exclusive right to the word “DIGI”.
Additionally, the laws governing marks-similarity in Australia and Singapore
are not comparable. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Respondent’s Further Submissions (“RFS”) at [56]–[58].

60 At the second stage of the step-by-step approach, the respondent submits
that the Adjudicator was right to find that there is similarity between the
respondent’s goods in Class 9 and the Application Mark’s Specifications in
Classes 9, 38 and 42. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

RS at [83]–[84].

At this stage of the analysis, the respondent cites the Australian Registrar’s
view that the identical iteration of the Respondent’s Mark (Singapore) in
Australia is registered for at least a subset of the Application Mark’s
specifications in the Australian registration application. The Australian
Registrar reached this view as the respondent’s goods relate predominantly to
POS devices. These inevitably consist of computer hardware, the latter forming
part of the Application Mark’s specifications in Australia. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

RFS at [59].

61 As for the third stage of the step-by-step approach, the respondent submits
that the Adjudicator was right to find that a likelihood of confusion exists.
76

##### Foot Note 76

×

RS at [119].

However, the respondent disputes the relevance of the appellant’s “425
applications worldwide for marks which included the mark ‘DIGI’” (see [49]
above) on the basis that these “do not concern the [Application Mark] and / or
do not involve the same specifications in the present appeal”. It also
disagrees that the Overlapping Territories indicate the unlikelihood of
confusion. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

RRS at [52].

It argues that the state of the register in those territories does not
necessarily reflect the situation in the marketplace and that the respondent
is entitled to choose where it opposes the registration of the Application
Mark based on issues like costs and time. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

RRS at [48], [54].

s 8(7)(a) TMA

62 The respondent re-iterates the Adjudicator’s finding that all three
elements of passing off are made out. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

RS at [144], [163], [186].

63 In respect of misrepresentation, the respondent also highlights its use of
the Respondent’s Mark (Singapore) on cloud-based solutions and systems used in
the Internet of Things (“IoT”) (“the Respondent’s IoT Goods and Services”) and
goods with wireless capabilities (“the Respondent’s Wireless Goods”) which are
similar to the Application Mark’s Specifications. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

RS at [167]–[168].

This causes the parties’ fields of activity to overlap. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

RS at [176].

The respondent also raises several examples of the appellant’s IoT-related
goods and services being marketed in the retail, food, logistics and
hospitality industries. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

RS at [181].

64 As for the Appellant’s DIGI-related Marks (Singapore), the respondent
submits that their registration is irrelevant as the state of the register
says nothing of how they came to be on the register and that the register does
not necessarily reflect the situation in the marketplace. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

RFS at [29].

65 The respondent also dismisses the relevancy of prior use of the Appellant’s
DIGI-related Marks (Singapore). It argues that the differences between these
earlier marks and the Application Mark are not “inconsequential”, such that
their prior use is not probative of whether there will be a likelihood of
confusion if the appellant trades under the Application Mark. In the
alternative, it submits that there is insufficient evidence to prove co-
existence of the Appellant’s DIGI-related Marks (Singapore) with the
Respondent’s Mark (Singapore) (eg, sales and advertising figures in Singapore
of the appellant’s products and services bearing these earlier marks). 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

RFS at [15], [18].

66 The respondent submits that the insufficiency of evidence on prior use of
the Appellant’s DIGI-related Marks (Singapore) in Singapore is crucial in
another respect. It precludes the appellant from asserting independent
goodwill in Singapore in the broad range of IoT goods and services it now
seeks registration for. If at all, the appellant’s independent goodwill exists
in respect of a narrow range of goods only. The appellant therefore cannot
encroach into the range of the Respondent’s IoT Goods and Services. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

RFS at [32], [39], [41].

s 8(4)(b)(i) read with s 8(4)(a) TMA

67 The respondent agrees with the Adjudicator’s findings under this ground of
opposition, save for its disagreements over the Adjudicator’s marks similarity
analysis highlighted at [56]–[58] above. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

RS at [202].

s 7(6) TMA

68 The respondent argues that the Application Mark was filed contrary to the
spirit of the 2002 Agreement. This is because: (a) the Application Mark is
more similar to the Respondent’s Mark (Singapore) than the Appellant’s Old
Mark (Singapore); and (b) the appellant is applying for registration in
respect of specifications beyond the limits permitted by the 2002 Agreement.
87

##### Foot Note 87

×

RS at [229].

As such, the appellant “should have known” that the respondent would likely
have objected to the Application Mark and “should have broached the change
with the [r]espondent with the view to updating the 2002 Agreement to avoid
any ambiguity”. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

RS at [244], [249].

69 Bad faith is also evidenced by the appellant’s Class 9 Amendment, which was
done “late”, and the appellant began trading in contravention of this
amendment. In this regard, the respondent points to the appellant’s computer
hardware and software relating to weighing and/or measuring purposes or
transfer of data connected to weighing and/or measuring purposes. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

RS at [267]–[268].

Issues to be determined

70 In light of the foregoing, the issues arising for my determination are as
follows:

(a) Whether the Application Mark should be registered under s 8(9) of the TMA
(ie, consent to registration)?

(b) Whether the ground of opposition under s 8(2)(b) of the TMA is made out
(ie, application mark similar to registered mark)?

(c) Whether the ground of opposition under s 8(7)(a) of the TMA is made out
(ie, passing off)?

(d) Whether the ground of opposition in s 8(4)(b)(i) of the TMA, read with s
8(4)(a), is made out (ie, well known trade mark)?

(e) Whether the ground of opposition under s 7(6) of the TMA is made out (ie,
bad faith)?

Whether the Application Mark should be registered under s 8(9) of the TMA?

71 s 8(9) of the TMA provides that “[t]he Registrar may, in his discretion,
register a trade mark where the proprietor of the earlier trade mark or other
earlier right consents to the registration.” The point of contention under
this ground of opposition is the scope of applicability of the 2002 Agreement.
Namely, does the 2002 Agreement govern the registration and/or use of trade
marks which came into existence after the 2002 Agreement was formed? This is a
matter of contractual interpretation.

72 To recapitulate, the respondent argues in favour of reading Clauses 4 and 5
of the 2002 Agreement, which permit “new registrations” of each party’s marks,
together with Clause 6 of the 2002 Agreement. Clause 6 provides that the
agreement is “… valid for existing trade marks on a world wide basis …”. In
contrast, the appellant argues that the 2002 Agreement must be read in the
context of the parties subsequent conduct, viz, entering into 2003 Canadian
Settlement Agreement. The latter agreement, which is intended to implement the
2002 Agreement, permits each party to register close variations of the defined
“DIGI” marks in Canada. As such, the 2002 Agreement must similarly cover
registrations and use of close variations of the parties’ “DIGI” marks defined
therein.

73 Preliminarily, I note that the appellant’s position is that the governing
law of the 2002 Agreement is German law. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

MS at p 5.

The respondent has not disputed this. In my view, Clause 9 of the 2002
Agreement confirms the appellant’s position. Clause 9 states that “[t]he
German District Court Landgericht München I, ruling according German Law
[sic], is solely competent for all disputes arising from this conflict.” 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

Mr Kishi’s SD at Exhibit G, Clause 9 of the 2002 Agreement .

As contractual interpretation is governed by the proper law of the contract,
the scope of the 2002 Agreement is, technically, an issue of German law.

74 However, the appellant has not led evidence of German law relating to
contractual interpretation to support its argument that the 2003 Canadian
Settlement Agreement is relevant to interpreting the scope of the 2002
Agreement. In such a case, the court may rely on the presumption of similarity
– if there is no or insufficient proof of the foreign law, the court assumes
that the foreign law is the same as the local law (OMG Holdings Pte Ltd v Pos
Ad Sdn Bhd [2012] 4 SLR 201 at [38]). In accordance with this presumption, I
will consider Singapore’s principles on contractual interpretation to
determine the relevance, if any, of the 2003 Canadian Settlement Agreement to
interpreting the scope of the 2002 Agreement.

75 The Court of Appeal in Zurich Insurance (Singapore) Pte Ltd v B-Gold
Interior Design & Construction Pte Ltd [2008] 3 SLR(R) 1029 (“Zurich
Insurance”) at [132(d)] stated that there “should be no absolute or rigid
prohibition against evidence of … subsequent conduct, although, in the normal
case, such evidence is likely to be inadmissible … ”. The Court of Appeal
subsequently confirmed in MCH International Pte Ltd and others v YG Group Pte
Ltd and others and other appeals [2019] 2 SLR 837 (“MCH International”) at
[20] that it has not expressed a definitive view as to the admissibility of
parties’ subsequent conduct for contractual interpretation. Nevertheless, in
MCH International at [18]–[19], the Court of Appeal identified some
“provisional parameters” [emphasis in original in bold italics] for when
evidence of subsequent conduct is admissible. Namely, the court must bear the
following criteria in mind:

(a) the subsequent conduct must be relevant, reasonably available to all the
contracting parties, and relate to a clear and obvious context;

(b) the principle of objectively ascertaining contractual intention(s) remains
paramount; and accordingly,

(c) the subsequent conduct must always go toward proof of what the parties,
from an objective viewpoint, ultimately agreed upon.

76 In view of these provisional parameters, I find it difficult to accept that
the 2003 Canadian Settlement Agreement is at all relevant to what the parties
intended the scope of the 2002 Agreement to be at the time it was concluded.
Accordingly, I did not consider it for the purposes of interpreting the scope
of the 2002 Agreement.

77 First, Clause 7 of the 2002 Agreement states that the contract “constitutes
the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter
hereof”. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

Mr Kishi’s SD at Exhibit G, Clause 7 of the 2002 Agreement.

Since the parties intended to embody their entire agreement in the written
contract, the terms of the 2002 Agreement constitute prima facie proof of the
parties’ intentions and extrinsic evidence is inadmissible to contradict,
vary, add to or subtract from these terms (Zurich Insurance at [132(b)]; s 93
of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed)).

78 However, the appellant seeks to vary the terms of the 2002 Agreement by
relying on the 2003 Canadian Settlement Agreement. Clause 6 of the 2002
Agreement makes clear that: (a) the 2002 Agreement only applies to trade marks
existing at the time the agreement was concluded; and (b) the 2002 Agreement
applies on a worldwide basis. The first portion of Clause 6, stating that the
2002 Agreement applies to existing trade marks, qualifies the scope of Clause
5, which reads:

Teraoka binds itself not to attack the existing or new registrations, renewals
and/or use of, for instance, the German registration [of the Appellant’s Old
Mark (Germany)] as long as the registration respectively use [sic] refer to
goods respectively services similar to those covered by [the Appellant’s Old
Mark (Germany)] and as long as registrations respectively use does not refer
to the identical goods respectively services covered by German trademark
registrations [of the Respondent’s DIGI Word Mark (Germany)] and [the
Respondent’s Mark (Germany)].

79 Clause 5 of the 2002 Agreement therefore applies to a narrower class of
trade marks than Clause 9.0 of the 2003 Canadian Settlement Agreement. The
latter clause extends to “close variations” of the “DIGI” related marks
identified therein and is not limited to marks in existence at the time the
2003 Canadian Settlement Agreement was concluded. Clause 9.0 reads as follows:
93

##### Foot Note 93

×

BOD, Vol 5 Tab 11, Tab K at pp 32–33.

… Further, Teraoka will not challenge existing or new registrations, new
applications, renewals, and/or use of DIGI INTERNATIONAL and DIGI & Design,
Canadian Trademark Application Nos. 758,315 and 758,316 respectively, and/or
close variations of such trademarks involving the word DIGI, for any or all of
the wares listed in Schedule A, and/or any related services, as long as the
existing or new registrations, new applications, renewals and/or use of DIGI
International and DIGI & Design, Canadian Trademark Application Nos. 758,315
and 758,316 respectively, and/or close variations of such trademarks involving
the word DIGI, do not involve the wares listed in Teraoka’s Canadian Trademark
Registration Nos. TMA 235,249 and TMA328,101 as amended by this Agreement
and/or any related services.

[emphasis added]

80 In essence, the respondent is not entitled to rely on extrinsic evidence,
viz, the 2003 Canadian Settlement Agreement, to extend the ambit of the 2002
Agreement.

81 Second, the appellant does not dispute that the 2003 Canadian Settlement
Agreement only applies in Canada. This must be correct, since Clause 12.0
states that:

This Agreement, together with its Schedules and the [2002 Agreement],
represent the entire agreement of the Parties with respect to the Canadian
subject matter hereof, and supersede all prior agreements and undertakings
with respect to the Canadian subject matter.

[emphasis added]

82 In contrast, the 2002 Agreement applies on a worldwide basis by virtue of
Clause 6. Therefore, while the 2002 Agreement only applies to trade marks in
existence at the time the agreement was concluded, it protects the parties’
rights to register these trade marks in territories where registration had not
been obtained as at the date the agreement was concluded. Whereas, on an
objective view, 2003 Canadian Settlement Agreement was intended to expand the
scope of non-interference in the parties’ new registrations, new applications,
renewals and/or use of “DIGI” related marks in Canada, without disturbing the
scope of the 2002 Agreement in other parts of the world. The very fact the
2003 Canadian Settlement Agreement was needed to extend the parties’ rights to
“close variations” of marks existing in Canada shows that the scope of the
2002 Agreement is more limited.

83 For these reasons, this is a case where the provisional parameters laid
down in MCH International have not even been met. I did not consider the 2003
Canadian Settlement Agreement when interpreting the scope of the 2002
Agreement. Instead, reading Clauses 5 and 6 of the 2002 Agreement together, I
accept the respondent’s position that the 2002 Agreement does not govern the
registration of marks that have come into existence after the 2002 Agreement
was concluded. In other words, the 2002 Agreement is irrelevant to the present
application to register the Application Mark since this mark was launched only
in 2015 (see [13] above). The 2002 Agreement therefore does not represent the
respondent’s consent to the Application Mark’s registration under s 8(9) of
the TMA. I decline to register the Application Mark under this provision.

Whether the ground of opposition under s 8(2)(b) of the TMA is made out?

84 It is trite law that under s 8(2)(b) of the TMA, courts will apply the
step-by-step approach endorsed by the Court of Appeal in Staywell at [15]:

Under the step-by-step approach, the three requirements of similarity of
marks, similarity of goods or services, and likelihood of confusion arising
from the two similarities, are assessed systematically. The first two elements
are assessed individually before the final element which is assessed in the
round.

Are the marks similar?

85 The first stage of the step-by-step approach concerns the question of
whether the marks are similar. The appellant’s argument that the respondent
tacitly accepts the co-existence of the two marks, under the 2002 Agreement,
if the Application Mark is not more similar to the Respondent’s Mark
(Singapore) than the Appellant’s Old Mark (Singapore) is a non-starter. This
follows from my finding on the inapplicability of the 2002 Agreement (see [83]
above). The appellant’s alternative case may be summarised as follows: the
Respondent’s Mark (Singapore) lacks technical distinctiveness and the
differences between the Application Mark and Respondent’s Mark (Singapore) are
sufficient to render them dissimilar (see [46] above).

86 Before I begin my analysis, I set out some key principles relevant to
determining the similarity of competing marks. While it is not a mechanistic
approach, the court compares three aspects of the marks: their visual, aural
and conceptual similarity. When doing so, the court should consider the marks
as a whole, without taking into account any external added matter or
circumstances because the comparison is mark for mark. The court assumes the
viewpoint of an average consumer, with imperfect recollection, who would
exercise some care and a measure of good sense in making his or her purchases,
not that of an unthinking person in a hurry (Hai Tong Co (Pte) Ltd v Ventree
Singapore Pte Ltd and another and another appeal [2013] 2 SLR 941 (“Hai Tong”)
at [40]).

87 The question of whether the Respondent’s Mark (Singapore) is distinctive,
in both the technical and non-technical sense, is integrated into the analysis
of the visual, aural and conceptual similarity of the marks (Staywell at
[30]). In the non-technical sense, distinctiveness refers to “what is
outstanding and memorable about the mark”. Such components tend to draw the
average consumer’s attention and stand out in the average consumer’s imperfect
recollection (Staywell at [23]). Technical distinctiveness refers to the
capacity of a mark to function as a badge of origin and it may arise in two
forms. Inherent distinctiveness is “usually where the words comprising the
mark are meaningless and can say nothing about the goods or services”
(Staywell at [24]). Acquired technical distinctiveness is “where words that do
have a meaning and might well say something about the good or services, yet
come to acquire the capacity to act as a badge of origin through long-standing
or widespread use” (Staywell at [24]). Technical distinctiveness must be
assessed by looking at the mark as a whole. For instance, while the components
of a mark may not be inherently distinctive, the sum of its parts may have
sufficient technical distinctiveness (Staywell at [25]). Importantly, a mark
which has greater technical distinctiveness enjoys a high threshold before a
competing sign will be considered dissimilar to it.

Technical distinctiveness of the Respondent’s Mark (Singapore)

88 I am mindful that determining the technical distinctiveness of the
opponent’s mark is not a separate step within the marks-similarity analysis.
However, given that distinctiveness features in all aspects of the mark-
similarity analysis, as a matter of practicality, I shall begin with this
question before proceeding to compare the competing marks visually, aurally
and conceptually.

89 For ease of reference, I set out the Application Mark and Respondent’s Mark
(Singapore):

Application Mark| Respondent’s Mark (Singapore)  
---|---  
![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)|
![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)  
  
90 The respondent contends that the Respondent’s Mark (Singapore) possesses
both forms of technical distinctiveness. I will consider each in turn.

(1) Inherent Distinctiveness

91 In terms of inherent distinctiveness, the Adjudicator found that the word
“DIGI” is not particularly inherently distinctive. However, the composite
whole of the Respondent’s Mark (Singapore), viz, the stylised manner of the
text and the triangle device accompanying it, possessed a medium degree of
distinctiveness. While not explicit, the Adjudicator appears to have had
inherent distinctiveness in mind when commenting on the distinctiveness of the
whole of the mark (see [20] above).

92 The respondent disagrees with the Adjudicator and argues that the word
“DIGI” is invented and has no dictionary meaning. It also highlights the irony
of the appellant taking this very position in Digi v DigiPoS (EU), where the
appellant relied on an identical iteration of the Appellant’s Old Mark
(Singapore) to oppose the registration of the trade mark “DigiPos” by an
unrelated third party (see [57] above).

93 Initially, the appellant did not argue that the word “DIGI” is descriptive.
In its written submissions of 6 January 2021, it merely argued that the
competing marks’ word component should be discounted, and only their triangle
devices be compared, as the effect of the 2002 Agreement is that parties
agreed that each of them could use “DIGI” in their respective trade marks. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

AS at [77].

The appellant’s Counter-Statement, 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

BOD at Tab 6.

statutory declaration of Mr Steve Mauer (“Mr Mauer”; the Senior Counsel –
Intellectual Property & Commercial Transactions of the appellant) 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

Mr Mauer’s SD at p 1 [1].

and written submissions before the Adjudicator 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

BOD at Tab 13, p 7 [19]–[20].

also do not allege that the word “DIGI” is descriptive. For the first time in
its further submission of 15 March 2021, the appellant submits that “DIGI” is
descriptive as it is an abbreviation for “digital”, citing the Australian
Registrar’s Decision of 2 February 2021 in support (see [46] above).

94 Having considered the parties’ submissions, I accept that the textual
component of the Respondent’s Mark (Singapore), “DIGI”, is descriptive.
Technically, “DIGI” has no dictionary meaning. However, I agree with the
Adjudicator that “DIGI” would intuitively be understood to denote the digital
nature of the goods in the Class 9 specification of the Respondent’s Mark
(Singapore). This is especially so given the average consumer in Singapore has
been described as someone who would exercise some care and a measure of good
sense in making his or her purchase, not that of an unthinking person in a
hurry (Hai Tong at [40(c)]-). The EU OHIM in Digi v DigiPoS (EU) 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

Respondent’s Bundle of Authorities (“RBOA”) at Volume 2, p 255.

similarly opined that “…in the Community in general, ‘DIGI’ would normally be
considered a weaker element due to its relationship with ‘DIGITAL’ …” 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

RBOA at Volume 2, p 255.

The EU OHIM’s view in this regard was upheld by the Boards of Appeal in
DigiPoS Store Solutions Group Limited v Digi International Inc. (Case R
127/2010-1) (“DigiPoS v Digi (EU) appeal”) at [48] and [64]. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

RBOA at Volume 1, pp 195–198.

95 No definitive position has emerged in the UK as to whether the word “DIGI”
is inherently distinctive. In Digipos Store Solutions Group Ltd v Digi
International Inc [2008] Bus LR 1621 (“Digipos v DIGI (UK)”), the Hearing
Officer for the Registrar of Trade Marks in the UK (“the Hearing Officer”) and
the English High Court reached differing views. However, the English High
Court did not overrule the Hearing Officer as the latter’s decision was not
“plainly wrong”. The Hearing Officer found that “DIGI” was inherently
distinctive. While the Hearing Officer was referred to an acronym website
where “DIGI” was defined as meaning “digital”, he concluded that the average
consumer would still “wonder whether this is the inference that is being
alluded to [as] they would not be sure and would see it as a made up term” (at
[45]). On appeal, Daniel Alexander QC (sitting as a deputy judge of the
English High Court) took the opposing view for the following reasons (at
[92]):

… it is not easy to reconcile a finding that the prefix DIGI- has no
conceptual meaning in the mark DigiPos with the facts that (i) DIGI is defined
as digital in at least one electronic dictionary and was originally regarded
as descriptive by the Registry coupled with (ii) evidence of actual use and
intention to use shows that DIGI- prefixes have been used or are proposed to
be used to convey the concept of digital in a large range of marks for
computer-related goods or services by a considerable number of different
undertakings and (iii) the meaning of DIGI- has been accepted without question
by [the EU] OHIM and the [Court of First Instance] as being such as to denote
“digital”.

[emphasis in bold italics underline in original]

96 As explained above, the English High Court refrained from disturbing the
Hearing Officer’s decision as the latter’s decision was not “plainly wrong”
and might be said to have been supported by countervailing matters. These
matters included the absence of evidence of any established definition of
“DIGI” in mainstream dictionaries and the lack of evidence as to how the mark
“DigiPos” was actually understood by members of the trade and public (at
[93]).

97 Notwithstanding the English High Court’s refusal to overrule the Hearing
Officer, I stand by my view that “DIGI” is descriptive in the context of the
respondent’s Class 9 specification.

98 However, this is not the end of the inquiry pertaining to inherent
distinctiveness. Technical distinctiveness must be assessed by looking at the
Respondent’s Mark (Singapore) as a whole. As the Court of Appeal in Staywell
observed at [25], while the components of a mark may not be inherently
distinctive, the sum of its parts may have sufficient technical
distinctiveness (see [87] above).

99 This leads me to my second point – that the Adjudicator was correct to go
on to consider whether the composite whole of the textual and triangle device
components of the Respondent’s Mark (Singapore) possess inherent
distinctiveness.

100 The triangle device in the Respondent’s Mark (Singapore) is an inverted
triangle, coloured black (for the purposes of registration), with white
stripes that become increasingly spaced out towards the top. It is not
descriptive or allusive of the goods covered by the specification of the
Respondent’s Mark (Singapore). The word “DIGI” is also stylised in the manner
described at [124] below. However, I do not think the stylisation of the
triangle device and word component is so elaborate or inventive as to confer
the Respondent’s Mark (Singapore) substantial inherent distinctiveness.
Accordingly, viewing the triangle device and stylisation of the word “DIGI” in
the Respondent’s Mark (Singapore) in totality, I find that the composite whole
of the mark has a low degree of inherent indistinctiveness.

101 For completeness, while arguing that the Application Mark is not more
similar to the Respondent’s Mark (Singapore) than the Appellant’s Old Mark
(Singapore), the appellant states the respondent “does not claim exclusivity
over such a [triangle] device. There are other marks on Singapore’s register
with devices of a similar shape.” 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

AS at [78].

The examples provided in Mr Mauer’s first affidavit of 1 June 2020 (“Mr
Mauer’s First Affidavit”) are as follows: 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

Mr Mauer’s 1st Affidavit at p 19 [29].

Proprietor’s Name/Application Number| Trade Mark| Classes  
---|---|---  
Daikin Industries, Ltd/SGTM No. T8705775F| ![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)|
9  
FTE automotive GmbH/SGTM No. T0526052H| ![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)|
9  
Cubic Transportation Systems, Inc./SGTM No. T1112103H|
![](data:image/Png;base64,
iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAMsAAABYCAIAAADUa5SJAAAAAXNSR0IArs4c6QAAQT1JREFUeF7tvWlzHFeWHnxv7lvtVagqFHZwX8WtJbWkbnVPd49jxjPhD7bD4/Z8t3/C/BZHeIk3HO1w2xqPZ/yOPd1qqYeiREqgKJKiRBIkAGIHal9y3/zcLHAVJZESpaYUyChRQCEr8+a9557lOc85ReM4JrvH7gx8YzPAfWNX3r3w7gywGdiVsF05+GZnYFfCvtn53b36roTtysA3OwO7EvbNzu/u1Wmv18MsiKKoKMrudDyvM+B50faCc/Gi9RvBqKeU8Qx5tUwyJVJMkRJHCljA53Xku57+c7syDw0MiFKEV0xiPw7d2HXCgUm6dtTzIjMgbkR8QkJCHgs84X189g927FrJP9jUP82Nw5jahFo+F2zS/qK3tND/4FL41jXnnUXr0nZ4wyZrIenFTM4eETL82ifE+hzhe5ohfNVzdyXsq87ct/g5iElISahGfj5oSX7L2XA75y6F596zzn7Qf+vT8Ldb4QdmuOjHnYg4hAQPyBO0VycRsj8Yrr7rh32LkvJVb+UQa4ssLZC3rpO/XSFtLgwrAZmXSCkUtVjqcUq5PT4Vz4ynZ8bkySwZI2SEEPnu3TxC6B/QUeP/6q/+CkPheV4QhK86A7uf+8ZnII6I6XQa/YWYM0MxMAWiQ6txkcv7HHUGxDLDluNt9mijJ/ZtYtrE9QlViEIJlpV/YHxQct3EaUNwAMn7xo9dCbs/xfCjbWLbpOuStkt6LvFC4nPshZWAO/FtrMdjFxz35mLf9Jsb7pIjdQLRhV5SCTEJM4oqRE303HhgB50B3zG5vudZHrEiLhJJiicex0wkhGw4fnwUH8Il8Q5+Hv7pGzx2reT9yfWIt0pWBvESibeTqR9J0dwIVTRSpiR3dyXwPl5YLbZgcHMoifG69843s1a2S9YXwrlz4VvLwq2Y62A064SzCWgLMXRRCaOACxaRFBXyTk4b1EpatpiakKJXximfoiVCysk+wYs5dYmEwf0HUAWICmDHN3js6jA2uRGJLGJtkrXF+OKmda3dXmsP6m2zbvstKngynxZJhrK9juVxCWknSyXhlwZbrr5I+hwzOt+UMvCI34k7687qhrnc5jEkJ0P4OilrhOgkwIAMkqVU8bhQ5HxK/RZneWLH9/vdtseJlidAa8USGyRH2ThhN4cqGT/AXftmsbTdWBICFsZx3/OXW/0PV4IP1sjVOrm9RG4vkI+XgytN65bjdeMY+x4vO4nLHkKevqUgjZGsIEs9QmHacDCFlEgYhOWe+YaIa74g9zSzJTa3yPJtOneZzH3szi2alxrhzTZZ65NmwKJLGEqIFz59LyD4ptTYd1WHwToEYeDYTqfZGTgD3/Ox7jzHU0qf3l8KorhrOovrnYuL8tW+vB5K5rbSHyg9nnOznpTlJhRxhKewhrAswJyMZHki+D88CWXC8UROdMNwpYdmCJDBjiX9+ktHiU9JxyQLa/RaRxpQLjRI3CKBQTzIlElEjd3RgwBy0LVUc6kFTeZx/qY46ItN0+24Vp/ypkl9B2Ia2kJMKSeGzMhSKLa7I4TNh/g+Y4/zOythUdwb9JaWlt79zbs31292W13RFVVNFWSBCdlTHmEUtt3efPe2aXxkKdtdge+LgSL6Bs+LXEoQq5KgyzQQ2Oxj38N3GRDSwr8CGfBEoATa5J6JxDpBz8ELlxJBfAYHJIzEvZ63vmyvdASTCj5kHBKmk4gjiknyGhNoxya8w6y5LJFBQP0uF1mCr3G2H5vdqBNb9T7tdSKzb7piTAUhMqkbJvHm3Y0BxVZPtBqG/dRz+HnP+V2VMCiwjfrGpcuX/v6///3lm5e73W5GzZSqJdVQn17CuIjwvchbDddM7prD9R1B8wjNuyTvGRqpGsJomk+JMW964bY/6HKrXX/R8tdCcdC02lYURTzkWuKYAhhGZ9BzeCHaezYShpDWjHt1f3vD23KkLhGdYbgBeY+ZHOsIGAHoQ485hKckSBELmgr6FoII2Y+FwBVM2267Ys+i/YHXjwM75Cybc0SOGvdFCmPGzsEWepZAxndVwsIw3Nje+OTGJx+c+wCajJO40T2jE9MTKSPFQfGz48lNVRxTN+C7lrRRd9phGKc40Q8F3VTyZnnUnZkQpkpiJQzFpf7qx+b5NWlu2bm+6W2aqrXQqPdij5MFg4PygEpwYC4pky28sPZfWRNgsZM4lUlq5JOgR/rbZL3JL4dSK+B8k0gGiaC48JAqzB5LTQYq+whEzdFiH+JGI1Lh4HNB9GmKi1oyiaSAioNQbFh+2woGlPckKOYwiDgeOYOIUJ6NGSrtWRrK76qnD0Uli7IqqY7nYBVoREM47PdzI5jrIbQ49Iu/+AgosQU+TCu1Ce2FWnws1xmvdMaz8QFN3avpI5pYFKkexZYVrrTDa9v0owX546vKlQ/jC+vBXC+65sZrMXEtIvWJ6jEFgBdszdeZ26GdhWeFHwYcCbHyEvwmlziAWYmqk7yVKEieWUbVInCqOIGJCKTOw0xQm+NNTokxLemY6CL8Mon0hKDJ29tSe1u7U1dvrtPrt6yPPu1dWAk/2oxvt6PtJLmJGftspnyYev8qUc3XmYUvW7hv8u/w53VOz/DQHDSlp3JqLgWH6SGrNIz+noRWwAAtiWg5OjulvzArn5kMTs4EJyel06Pp47nMrCRXAqo4nEXlhqQ0Tb7RUut1fX2T3vDU1VjaJhTRWRARLSJG/GyC/+Hgh0ED9EvMx4SPSBgSM4YQcRkiQPSSfBBkCH/BOkKsh4ozEbxIISEsJLQgHMQdHzEkik3UDuXaqtXWtup0Ydm+enPw/kL4wbr7Scu50yMNRJrQgg/P23C7woBiME99fFcljEkONjm87WRfaUQrkZLK8G2abDds9FSSnsOkD4+htLE1g0EB3QWbFf8GJAhjnkZ5I5qskakUnR3Xj71U/fH+6k9OGSdP8kdnyak0qXlYUfj5aWLkkRckLtQCITXKyfkiNdKEwzSGGRIVSKwkNJt7NwqZUhm+7sn6vRPurRbeGcrT8Af8LxeRbMwGD7C04BOxw5E2rCCQVmkYSazBgEJFm8QpkM006SGejUk+Zn4X3D8hTmfiXC5k8S+c93YSNpIsSRdITiBw5UgT2Qu6GdAlk1vciBba3Vvd1uoicXrRMrhoMPdMknfGjCEBm8V1oFOf+rjvhyE1Ofz00FNmFifxJ1HuNjzu6cgvcKV3auMe+OAXfOqRQrrPu+zOSB54NJwJ97rv9lfqK+fPn8fPuXKuvLdcm6oZhuFR2oHZY1ESPLIhio3JgiHDAdnabJKWRVZjstQl7W1i2YHF9XnZVqhKZSrpsL80UmnNoAWJZDgmtZAgODqNJlnddFe5TlcHTiGRBkSg4WfCVE4cyXG6yPQHboTFYCyagNShEtqkoxEMBy/8CRIDWcQJeA21zlD0YZuA3eLjEB3AuVqdNAAriESEEcSCcCTgo55rr6/3lrtAXEUnQStIJnHkeySGSYbWGhAXLwkkDJhTGvQpMmB+mqUc2E6EFjJwHeIAv9VIhKEMKGmLsaOEgmjWrfp6uO2lu1vNxV7ghgKncKbIpm6IJONf3Grooj3dsZM16lv9VqvF+RyYrtmRbDqVrrfqGxsb3Y1uN+xCMUA9wAZlipnRidFcLqfIjyHE9s0+vO/mRtPpOX7kI8cH3yiFKEwXU/nUeGU8l86Jwg6CvN3cbjfb/sBny4G5TImFYqGYKz4yfMuxgErg5fU9TBIncGpJ1Uu6v+bfnr997oNzf/Pf/yZQAvj4J4+ffPHlF8uVsijJqqZnjIym6S6kg9gqaXXJLTi3juuHcbtDAipZsjiw/Sgkalas5Ny9elwjKaSXuxbfGsgmGRR0WUBcyiGtJwJh6jWDT1e4axvcfGQum6prqpBWWlrOFLWpQnqq6JWzwoSKDE3gWpwfKPCBAhfJQp8IBpNTheR56EiSEwkGBfRBI64CqYtk1xHXOtHCYJARxbYotrr9oq/ByCkpLyvKWUXKaPAzo40Fd+6sfXZRu8UpnQoh80y/GQLht8igyMRU7jA15uvEhkTA0beIbJHUFOk6RNgmskH6Mh6c6UAVyVbKRA2ZDPbJLJz8AZUipZgpIjRIBdWyBIdhyhCmJTKmkTSkNrHJiE2fOgGwI2GfLHxy9txZscOWeerMVK1Uu3bt2sULFxeuL2xamyIVs1xW5uTxPeOnXj114NCBWqWmKju4AFSR53tW31pcXpy7Mjf/0Xx3s2sFViNuuJFbozW9oldnqy8ee/HwnsPFYhGoFeXo1ZtXr129Vl+ou8gySyQ9nj564ujJoyclQXpQma2srty4fWPhzkJ7tQ1PIJ1PT5yZmDg2sfX21tz5ufNXz6+trMXVOGfkRtXR0ZnRVCk1Xiiemdq/f3a/Vyw0BNjBuhIvrPq3FjoLLbPBxyFEmhoxp7mh3VSjuJLdl+XOyGRvTD1v89MtsbOeE8RtWlBJjuN1Rxa0kS5ySuaNvroR5jp2vNUmEZyjUhzKG+Mx8pYKL7bpiFTNCUVYkrbQMNODLC1KA9WyyUaZjEViISppdKYqzKS5jEQkCiSrTyInslP9unZ90buwsglopG7o9YUtWitUM0FWGmS0zFQxtadA0zRuLERz7wRnV4RbEd/JErJJ4AeUse07pJ5iy592iKEQsC76AyIkgYbSIpUSWfeJhJkrkg2L5fI1PJbLNn8HBt0DTMMQYz8XxxkC5U0Ri0Y9qjr5auZYWtmfjaYr4ViaCgDhRFLjmHfwdMeOlbz06aVf//WvF+cWN9Y3tvntj+c/fu+N9y787sLFzkVnwfG3/IE5aPVb6+vrq2urA2+gZbSRwgjH/A/iBd7q5uo7v3vnt//7t+fPnl+4vVCv1zfbm8vt5e2NbX/B72x11lbXPvnok7ATGpqRH8nzAu967vL28oVPL3z48YcLNxa2NrZkRa6OVQ3dGF52eFy9ePXtv3/73d+/++57715fvg7DsGffnon0xFv/8NY/XPqHKxtX9FDH/Ad+0FhrXPrw0o2rN6I+nS0fmpo8wOkhz2014sW54PbW9sKiNN/KrUjpZiPVsrRWJHVbsrWquD0SyD0pY3OBsrE+eGOBe38jtaWqCxvOQtffNAxT0Rt2sNH3Wq7QsNR6g8YyLcgkvUG7huz0lW5baItKK/T8nu90pLYZrnYHi7fl1Vvq4rK6sC0sRk1LbMUaIE5kAARZpgqPsE8kjuJsimuL3LXb4YeL/Y9NcdFM1W+pzVDZtL2m78Y1pVSRyxJVEMm2rfWNzjIVWoHkwKaWmVvku8TKEyD18JiAVjjggzhEM5jrFntkUCGDDgNQvCyxmsSTWJo8guuGO8skdFCeQXIVkjWIbdLQotBR8TqNt4W4qXhrYqND50NnOeyZVsA7iq7QTOIJPN2xI2Gf3P7k7ffedrqOFVldrrs5v+lYjj6iTxyYmJ2YLeQL8NJs17ZwuEDzXAjKoZFDggQlTdrd9htvvnHh3IXb1283mg2Hd1K51Hh1fGJyYqI2UTEqvux3/E6/3r8zuONLvpE1sumsLMmwFX7Xb643IV6u42I7GqoxPjEuSewxfNe/fe32e//43oeXPoS9juV46uDUK6++cub4GUMw5q/N32ncabpN1VXhziJ1jQVTeTUtpcujlanjU6V96ZDbXhlcXup/uOl8vCGuBnqTyrYpBAjaHQ6v0GRQa5wlUokW02LGl+zb3PWO0halyOKdNnECUZGkEd+h0LQbYrOldlwRy8OgI6CgWFGbA9yqcJxi805ERUVI65LBe5zr2Z7Wt2XT4ZwstbXYBeQEVVdUclk+L1ODQ9gLiJZrtclHdfuDev9mQ+pYujCQlD5vGgM15RcLcrWm1tL8SESVDrE24vVNbrkrt3wsd+J1Q6PwRMEscgzcR+o0gjcGzAJ+PQwx1gYQv8i8EOTUqMTiADwwMhPg++uwlTgZRtIiIeSSJxiSPkgsrMoZPKeZnA01C7+hRfstseeJNqW2R1yXRTOgnT0p1LcjYYtLi5cuXorcyIs96CTd1fcc3PPCD1+AcwObOD4+nklnvMgzXRMGkZ2g6nuqe+SU7ETOzcWbb/yvNxZvLNpdG6ZzYv/EsePHTsDmHT56YP+BibEJsSDanN3pdjb6GzSkaSE9Uh7RDV0XdY3TbMtu9Bqu7XqOF4VRbjSn6RrSOKvrq+/+7t2LcxeX15dd6s7snXn91ddfefGVmYkZpNLsgRXFdhQ45rYLp1rX9MrY6IFDLxzcsx86bvzwaKoi9L3FTx0ks6+GdGUj3VNlVwTwiEjGUwRoN6BHgSwHokYFI84oNA0ZBaxvcRYvUg9iK8SSmBW5cc7lnbDXEQZdyQY+niYU0DnWbYR4TRD8fEXxpQ7vcJFaouUqV9PitAODq/ZDwUE2E353zAPBhetDylIpwyHFmQZsFhJUEK3X3Ut152ov3OykwlBhuQGBmmm7kKcTFX12RJxQuWJEJBMrHa1vxctNoRXzDmJKqDFkq5CzCokLWQHSi9PwUCysZaEJzDjnk1TiN7G8PbhiEC/YQKSVXAascCpxUUXSZeIFuYRzJngE3j1kX+EgkOyyQcgFA37Qi3tu0I1oywp6lhcpgiHQAGKd8E2+RNR2JGx1afXTDz/Fxgu9UOf1U/tPvf7T119+5eX9M/unJqamJ6fLtbIruO1+2+pYoRPKqlwYL2SL2Va39c7771z83cVBa6Cp2p7pPT//+c9/8vpPjh45OjszOz01PTY5VigXqERhE8NuKHdkiG9+Ip/JZVIpIFk6Ijg4bfD6O+1Oz+qZ1IS/Dxt6/qPzZ986u7C4YMe2VtFePvnyz3/w89mpWeSFYGTT8ORlng7s6zdXojAeLVROHD516md/dPLE4cPTtcpoKRLcVevaDflKS1/hVacphzoHG0FNxCu9Uj4wslRK21nBMwIkARxNcQ1FEQe9lX7UNxWwYYiO0J9mVG40ix0dutjpDg1C2dMI57LVUtJkgLAf7rRqRRAl1U3X/LFpYSanFCzJ2eYbEbV0GiM4tLg4cn1p4Gt8RuXhXRQGRPQJAqLF1cGNrWjZynThh6tcVIg9LUI+tJSTZoriwTw3o8AbxK6IkU5cXwN7R2SxZDqRMGgmuFAa8WETMViBGAFTYFQmOvQZJBi4P5wz6BuFOCYTIwiN4JA0fuYJi1UQaQCfzTM3HpkDH4LbJzH+ChwnxcQx9mnMxYFv232rE/DbtteyBw6nqAo3gJAhmIY6fyB3/hgDuiNht5Zunb943rd9hVemq9N/8md/cuLMiVq1BhGAQUyn01pKgwnutrv11ToEEZZudO9odaR6Z/3O3/6fv63P1UMhnDw8+Ytf/OLVV16dnplGvAngAE5VKp2C/jNEgxtwrbWW00FASDITmVK5BFsJcdEzOvzIervebDWRwIaqA3a6tb31+0u/v/3Jbfh86dH0idMnfvzyjxEoGBkD24bjOUlR4ESvrveuXrkCtGJ6tPLSC4ePnTk1PTWeyxu+Fm5xqyvc5ba6aCk9JKht5mTATVVEUkxHkwVhakSYKtJyms8YXDFtjRtBQdLBqLrTJt2+QUpAF0zCu5kSP1oQdd2nEmOGUk/FYmDTU4GEcGjgUBuRqof5kjNeiUZr4vSovD8nlsLYbVntKBoIkgccCUaNj+HWR8SFqsgJQk7k1Jg0W/7NNWtlg6u3Mn24SwYJjSDotsmIODUuHxnljqRJhWkUppB6/Xh9mS53pBblgVYwAEIhukykgLFYoU5gATG1sJgA/LDqjJrrk3Si3uyAZQVSDHpK7CnYiviIQrSAwHh7ECybSZgwQopw1xCQIuqEqYW8QCMyHC8OKXUtyfIQc4Ydx94WhO2Q9y2KvLubJhD4zz12fGogCx3SCbgAklSeLu85tidfyiPiu/c5pGhqI7XR0VEpJTHVmCRJo0HUrrcXVxYhc7Isl0fLM4dm9KxuDaxuowtxhLxAt+Hkarr6w+kfpnNpR3a2/e2lzSUoP2SvBV4YyY8cPXT09Iun9+zdg6C1ead58dxFuPY3P7kJGkA+mz964OjrL75+8NBBJa/cD5ZBnZG5ABBKMkZOYuF4ViSGrMSa2pfcOrfW4dcCVIAlySPAP0i5IGU3Hk9OarOT6olp6cez2iuH9NMvCC8ekE+PKAcozTBMBj4w4frEsEI5DCMhdnQEYsLEmDhejcuqnR5EWDlkcvq4Mg+MnGbL6v7j5MdHpTM1bVYXRjUyVo5nRoMpzSk7tm7EwHqwwmIzpdS5eiNa6sZ3wnh74G9teKsNvmFKDss+YkE9KBDZ92vFeKoWjxcI4gnwgqCWGDENbhFUFjwgTD/wdcBTKuormJVkACbsnU0sTIdCBISKOFciRpuICulTYpqInomAvAC0HfKYwG4TxTOk8DOiGFIR0Ih9IiIUwZVFlidgLBIIbgwxUGU+pQcSZylm01hZDN+7Hb23Qj7YJpca5NIXe/47Eob7AdyDbgB2pZU0xA2wRA9+EpZEEzRVVTmNw6hgKN2m6zZcUI8814vTMf4EvGr9zvrVT6+C8nB57jIiuw8/+vDy+5evXr16a/mWZVqREuHl+M7m1iZqzZG9BjABIauWqi+deOnMiTPQmnDF5pfnb87fdLdcgEqHJw7/6MiPjs4eLeQKgrgjTxgYzIYsu7phJRg+g5i6wCWZG8KmDroi9Nuus90LHUA+8C0ATkaOEFvGeFw9zE0eJDPT4d4xcmycOz4h7K/p0zltlETZwBBiaEnK97EvNYXXA1+wFWKUpT0VfX8a6ICFBABoYkCSQugEF0bXz5bE2fH0qQntaIkbV8I0F2ZVfjyvTSl0PBgU0i7PlBe8ASHnpQaWtjLgFppkftOb3/CX2spGpENpJpkdh8heajRzpiYdzscVOVCQb8XbkDArJuDeQwQ0n4lGn0kMXCUnID2kh0IigLoDEYFnBocdkgTrDVEMSXPokCES4nYSnZgg6NEhOAy5RWJDgKqDcwZltk0aOtPQ2Iy8TlI4E3cTobqpanIpmfJIim5J/nbWWpY21+nNPvnQJB88kYQpsZKBt0sUVVRzSo7F0g8fkL8USaUAoAJejiI3cJtWs2E1Br0B21ASQpRgbW3t7b97+9e//vV/+1//7Y3//cav/+7X//Xv/uv//P//J374H7/5H+98+E6vA2QAYXRsb9t+H9XLO5lUFh/UJo4cPXLg2AHEp92o2/W6vMdPjEwcO3TsyKEjlZEKlOhDoH8Mn0jwkM5NlBj8D4dQzFlyICPUi7lWKJgex6Qum6gBOPQZMT9GMzUyWvQqaTNveAWD1AyuZogFhYpwZ/s0CgVw8oGHIlEURCIncsC7Rgx+XANqoOqI72ESINUQXKyPKFK4VgY3llJGDXFcDUd4CztN4rlcCkpfKZeoHvRgXJkKyVDZkb2WWG9wtzrxpR53xZHvEAWKBhBDwgYUqKKkprXDJWGf5o9wA3HIBsITsnQ6mzrG0cGsQdN4rHQA4uLhbUiVyOJKVtxxN3XNBAj2MckjoS6JS3g+jDiZGCD8lSUVEq0WdROnHoRsi3n6kEgoaZztISDF3RJRCOAbIAjFSGBfgYS24OaS7hbZrJONJ5IwIRAQ9gsREHcR8P1nfTe8A40twzJ5HCQDXiEkqxk3kbphpFzIP/G2GluX3r/09ptvv/3O22ffP/v7d3//9tm3z82de/td9s6FKxeCVqDHOoSYAeUP1o3iWSUxX8kDmGWKihEJCJQodNtIbQSgCSc/mqzAtPtAF1xl2MIRSMcw68B+AasF8hv1PSkWeSwtLIUG70/RjXyqYHAg3ecpsog+VDEMJz6PzAocDzt2Go7t4dnA7AMyzigwHidFGkAjinIJbDFNwNZWA+a/YK7riAZkFdAJvPydLFAECEbAo8GapbjRMXV8Siv53ZTgCnocKMQGE7dDuvVoYcu/1OevEWNbkFB2RtrQJB6VRElNZ6bpCKBUDiNka8oeCOIFsU4LbJj9hD6RZ8l2jAJpJcAWUF2yRpBmQczYgwWHqkf2OiCWRnQ8DWRLYtGJhngT+slnCSSGZYQJNRfcsh5pwVPN3peUYaYIzgWUx/D+kHQ4fhgpM6AlorvEqBMeOTdkFJ5IwkBEBkYKMAJys022kQ9+5GMQqQZpNJRGkA6w3sNM8116JDu3IBRmJ2eP/vzoa6++9qPDP3rxwIuvHXjtJwd+curAKfzw+oHXjxw4Mnzt3b+3sK8gAxUCOTQ5oBRN20TGaWVtJUB8wxgrYKCE4BjeXr69srGC3NEj4+FoZOj9YrYBc4k/YTzwWnZwmmRXWnXSbRHJhROhb5NyCXkpqN5I2CAlmJoIc5sOoD9i0gKyxfamQrgcydlEGJD1WFhGxxHTkPtex2/1SA+4GYkzcWjA2Wm3cVmsMfwajjYLzM+JsMkw+32Wuclg8rF0cpHUcuSYQc9M8lMu1VaJXSd1ncCr65r++o3u+sKg143wSX4A6Q9ppSPmzKJOauNE0iMk1Umci0MFngQ8d3jaJIQEQQp2iPVQyusgjWFesoQDQO+Ttgz4g/AW0VWSD5kQqCUy0if9kHTzJGySTah2kdlT5K/S2FIuacGbLLLYE/LEAoWhigNaxpE8sA/MLGQ3xh1IGiomMb7w/KBMUbk0mphaZBaWn0jCQin0DC8W4QaqWZJN9O1DB+PFI7j1g9iO0Z0DoCvmPaDBPV58vpxH0uef/tk//eVf/PKX/+aXf/GXf/Gv//Jf//Iv2Q/4F69/+Zf/8l/8m3+B1z//V//8n/3pP9u/Zz+MI+6BpFO33712/dqF9y5cnbsKxj2v83yBD3PhRm/j6q2rV25eaXaakMIHBxSBAeWofSsF9iDeH44HepSlybGFETRmqJ6KPSHqs93cRegHWCfqbbkhSiGc2IczBQtj2CTVIpyF6MqP4wExk7xxisKz6YLqwqkAzhCQYwc3SdimpiOaBCzaELaEkEocS34/oaUNWdQquzEKmxHtQmiIlCf6uJieKujAQcB9MOK0S8QGiVp8HOuar2p9itg2M0LSZU4w9FJemRoh0woZ5fsahgfZanNtPJdNgm5MukkekRmwhJAApB7kacSSFimAOQiFDJ9JIBmZGMjgIu0oEK9D2gDSYqIIJA9gAtsWUyShlJL59SA7QWjwjpwhxYCoMPrgooCwgulUCTAwlC9AiHyAZDC4QAstkoPwZUhYjyHNrSz4ZuxGX0K4uGt9sDNScOowLwp28mclDFMGPaFFGheyAk94jgg8kSZHTMAMPbx/iR8ZGTl15NRrOP7otdd+9pjXyVdOHnvp2IkXT/zw9A8nqhMwCvDrnb6zcnvl/Hvnz713bv72vCqrh/YdOnTkEEAKMzBvL96+fPnyx9c/3mpu+UEyu3ePMOJ95MqSwyFOly1BwjfkgV+piqHoIuiniCVNOFUWfJhw4AfNftzoEeQWbSgHEqc8okIEXZYjtGH9A43FWogm0+A4qHYISRUEJFtYrhrG1444V+A1PZbZ/sYWhslKiiWHxHZMBChDO3kVzBiwvqKQL2bGclJBDwzJlsKAG8SgO3KyLvAqb8OPioWUx+ddSdLG8srMKJnksNDQV2DesAqnEBub6TC4QoDkoXYTTWKy5TBUJlh4jxm1hLYEkEJAnIPdk/DCgLi2WK6DDQyjgqqToYx55kNiKwKexfsyDD7UUkI/Y6cmLCI49H5oR3D7UAkcMTsIm4aoinE49NBvmS0pMHMEsXcqw4KoLzoeR8Z43Hvwz2AWS1pJzEMMuVScmuanp0vTxYkiB66uQBpLjY2bG8h/P6JshjfHZAGbWFxd/HThU6AbwPFxGt70kfNc2Lr85uVz//fcRzc/6uv9vbN7/+0v/u2/++N/d2j2EKC43kbv8rnLyJn+49w/QtXdI/xwXJRPt6ojGxT78NED7JsyHVRoA/BiO0OCChnfJGI3R8xCfIfzb8XrG9q6XegHqutHrShaiMitWNviR+MRBcAVQT0udnMSa1lZ0sggUU0mCBmLacai6japAAhA9LcA/gJXiRmK3rxLpk14SzuMJYhdgZCjPPlpNT5pWEZ9az3tWHloPsa+gs0CRWdQD7eR8CWbouBP5MneGhljTjBscI41dSuTkRJBOCIWOFJChr3IXAEIyzrhkU8PSAZwVIGsekx/g5ADw1fvky2dSSRIsKUJwhsEPAw80xo2SZ7kdeYkQAqbKuknYGwqS+wGWUXJJzTMUhJ0U5IZeOV8XRG61AH3ksEcuQ2CuoUuiZBLI9wGR61KOt43Qw7uJYe+WMJ2ENcbSzeAuIqBWCwXZ08CjZ9h6MMDhx/6oBBdWbly7dNr/eW+EArGAQMIltf1bs3dsnqWozpwVCRDAr6KnBKQj3ufjuJoYA3urN751X/61VvvvrW0tpR20oZiwMgC6H/z4pu/ff+3m/VNURVnDsz8+Z/8+ZGTR0anRivVyvzmPJKeKKd3ey7MMRIAoBXh4rgyeIPLG+6VjzvXLn4IYS1UClP7poD4A+oHDUCk8K0HTXWNysh7QGIcKLkUiXXXo426R1u+sGIF15baF+ebHzV6t4G0BoFnytaN5p0NPJLClACeP0XyAtmfJUeygMvp5rY0v6otDsRNlaLEKOzQOC+5eXUiLxzL03GRbXGYGmD4UKUAWRlMBeRTj9sUoKDXCbNbXRWMVHYe1EgnsawFintQTUuPyq+MUdxo7AGCP3Q28FpkA2kzMlet9c3O8jbfCkSwDuMGsWX2CrrMkSryRHNZNAZAIGUxbpkFa1gnfob59RbKLPNkFHEGEgkaI1ZAPUFPOiETL6hJCCJMbRr0Fdg8WEaVs3uKy2kZSUx7jAdiZogZhI48IJm+ohfGprU9s/ypafKLInlJZjTJzz129JXqqPleXvAEJHCQTg7gdD18DGNJRjtJyoYDCZGthYRCtVx94fgL8KjQKmH19up7v3/vwoULECbbQZzM3LWG30De+tPLn/7NW39z+aPL8+/Pz783D/8dmrZRb+D9K3NXVpZXkK88NHroj0/88YnjJ3LVHFg6B2cO/unLf3r8yHE1qw4Gg5tXbs6dnVu4umA2masAkyD6vuI4sCWPDBUmXqVaVigV+ZmMOam30kbHLYVgjap1ztuUt+7wNz8hH37EvTsvnasr51vKtQ1lY1vESrAnBGyLlBEmmhkaL3T7rg9HDhPCuVT0JS5Ig1fm+pAPdooiayG2vAtkIxkGIHSsrMhCOlRvMAhU1GnRECcNbsLwihqC8Rg5QcSFuBUzrlos5MJixd0/GRVzzMhCsO8B3fiBxdUAXFBeAouIa7sM7cNJaLFhwhVDfAmupcloOcCxEBN4+BkV3kmQiGwmcg8IahCZQKyhOE2YXYGB+4hDAXji4kiPslga4Y5DPLDzEivpi5ztKWEk+jzFlWGfvVRg5U3O8MuGevy09vJh/odj5GSa7DfI3ieyktBemq0B68LcmV0T7tFnJQwuGkMrINAIc7Q4AhrI0+p49fQrp6tTVZVTe2u9T+Y+OXf23HsfvHf1+lW4UPOL85fmL70/9/65t8/99q3f1ht1JOzVQMXH21b75s2bc+/PITUUm3E5Xz598PRPX/jpxOgE8pvAftNa+mcnf/baqdcmJydhLzZXNxEHfHTxyuLSKvwm2Fgp9hVM7+MOCFmGFkfJ/qK3J2tWipaato0okAZCPEgHTbl1h1u/ya2s67f7uYVBdn1gdGzRhcFVJIYsgfEH2WFuCVIpbi8GmZJR+UFT4JHVU2Dh/bs39hTJAZvK45EGZAdooSmWKgQllpWT4YX5Kqp6WZErgldSIxhcYJsAVkCSBbGQ4z3DsKfK7olyVExA1KF4QSSGxbGAKUAzBIuR/Y8FmAhqd+rYmBhBcrBULhmErHKTyRm0dTIUCBZ8tuGDaNiPwKSHfnzyzlC82Z+gerPMJRjYZFBiyU24dAjyJWb9Q5v6/Rg6DrUnUWnKm5wSTtRSrx/jfzhNT+XIBGIqKOknkjBbsVuZli+CXKkVg6IQP1roB38TaaWu0w26yIPt1BYA6EdW5/CRwy/+9MXR8VHQEXrN3tX3r/71G3/97/+/f/8f/uN/+NV//NV/+c//5Ve//tWbb77Znm8HdlA7UDv9T06feelMe7MNmfvdpd8tNZaMlHH4zOGTPz655/AeTdOG/DDQWXNjuVOHT71y4JVyqgzRX95a/sdP3jn76RXwoB2fJXZajJHymNw+HMM0GZ3kz4ylDucLk1yq1Ox0ecsaoXEJcBuHAMrvU2ub31wRN+qkx9nNDNA9BP3wYkzSjBGQV5mRxLqkEGYh0Qc+ap4MUuApg0MtIDWOIUJ9tttmEHX0tL/D3YWuFxjjAaCbCKnA2gA14/K8lNegHqU22B0U9quL+jNgMpEv00GJC2ak7H5RmMDH7q4WwCdoSXwcC4H1Bs+DJYMohOSh4il4TTCzeFikHfFQwN/TgAKQ4E8I2Tgb4pdoWzIkDyfSyN6B6DPriS2BwIJFv0z/iRLjGELsMAx4kDKxEFJjuTGG8ZTwoxdSf/6q/mfHhdcz5LDCPgWQB3DryhNJmC/4lmJFPPoBoUQdmYdHvf0dxJWXUZkI1QVQg2XNUFEmiqAi/ujVH/3stZ+9cOwFoKM9u7f8yfLVt66+/+b7F9++eP031xevLCJBWdbKgOxf+slLJ14+AXTt+s3rN2/fBGBrpI2ZyZlTp07tPbhXzTD6686I8X8ZYjL6wqkXjr90vHqgGqjB6sbKlbm5yxfOm/2epEkKzscuTXLaDw4ZiwpNlOHGavKxCfV4WZ6aQg47yEteFskC1SFFh+RAU3dl30srVl6L0uCr4VOKm9V7ZbVb4kKUtUpyj2atIb6K7SoTQeQFSfNzRqBmPXmkVZb6aT/mHMlFK6VEQyR9JZhmQSQHezfktrNWE6ilxOIqkNUYQLkjxWHWISVTHiGVsjpTUCZFDkJ7j98HV41Ff8OpgJZg3H5YyYSQ/8CBvyBhBiAWXZxScPF4BjTAkEI0h5IIwRoODMo+gbqShFISNeJXvIk/OciJglDh9sMGA2nhuHp24Bq9KOVqaX5ymjtzjLx8gDs5Lp8uiwcKrDcxrDkT/eQBv4T1uuPpIw8NzKmUKk3Vpg4ePDg2OwbG6YOPAv0kBRKiuSa2u56Zqc3sO7BvdnYWtAs49WkjnVfzkJXYiHkRbpBqcCDDKJKCwgq9NFKa3jN97Mixoy8dhSSNVkYBpW4ub0ZBVBwp7pved+boGbxfrVTvVaPcuzWSSEiVioYoazKsZ8ZIg4VdVpWJmRqonB6IgWuD0cns3n1T+/bsnxidBIfxXnKJQSiwAhTJcFr1JBHEd07zLD4bGaUglQkyslBAHdGoN1uU9hn6uEZF0RONyABph1dKOY9UHH0sHMsKB0XQJTi7L9Qtzk4h18SBapLJDKrIOBXViZJSzXBVQG5JwgosK6BNrGEJVGnIYCR31b2zbs93vYVAagcCA3ihZnRPKgYjo+rBMfVYhZvB3n6A1gcJSMAQyDZ4ET4yKL0mXUezky7YO3e5FcgeJCUqoOVgmREwgk/BaoQSUYOnKqDgSgLEwt4ErgMWBg4BjmDoI+mG+CFyOcBdLsQ9RAojjCzFybs+y3XHcskqVoTJqnZkWjizJzw07ldUrsxKxO9vZQwP+4fd+gvU2A5Pv9ltLqwsWF0rraT3Tu8tVoqi/DDnHxLvkaX1JfAN40Gs67o0Le2t7M3pyI6xA9UfkNHlxvKN+Rvba9sByG3YgZjjSMgX8iBlAADT8zpYPdBSuJe5ajqmY4kW5HKyPFmtVUE8fOxAXd8Fpaex2kBxSj/uqHE4KZVGjx7mVH9re+P8BSsnNUojqdL4VLFYRYlKUiq143cDuQOZ2IkQTS6tixvbtI30gORAVbONj/0OB0ULSrqwJyMUcnHDccx22G5wA0spin6jEIRlUuWkY7xQEGm7SdbXg2YiRciCgrwDKzNSEscq0liKjiQOEtwxEWlpEEGziaflEHuDrNxsv7sVzlnK/JbSiwDiYlioKQ+yY/G+afGlaeEHlXiWDTkJPu8e+D3h4wB69ayBuLJA5963zt4x7leCwLoxRIslgpjCY4RB5pVj5YykHM2RWLEu4g4AsxhVSSYmRNCNeBR+86Fn6jHOwD0A2xsgt8ZCU+Vn2mA4ZWV1vBIcrnIjKKNKkQnVzClIXaaBlGCIQ/zvSY/7HeqQB0TqBj5QWv9cug+I1BALCe4q/AdjkKFAkB9SdQBFoZ8gaiCpDoewo+EyeRQaDd8BRRa6UAkUPuZdHv1MRAAQX9JsAg9lsw9a4oCLnDSC8XQKygKE22ankIHYgZWp68hl3rUqwywTlPlwxbB7UW7UZPEvnKdhJu1+WwnkYUfA2ssmjgvOQc6J4VEETMRYJ4ZDCmCEYnl8FqkNDwwIfkwHGUKDvUBD2BENUP+QP4aflyIGUjQm6dwiH8z1/qFNryp6ZwWsa9zZF0U7U+Rqs+rBKf54lRxKhzU2qiE4unPAhOEWgBQU4tuewCTsrHN2Ub3FyTu1RqgVAIGHlZSwB4Q6gWsP4wgVCdeeuVkYJYYIZy1HkAfL5YD1ErsbhTrq0yPSAokHmhPnRdyIlUpF+W4qN9MFgWQkr+7P8ycS/EziI/D4laTUCK4aZgaeHEu6P6GIPdQDcYhnflE55LCIMik1jpOE4CN87Z3ySsZ1un/ggsPj7uI8UP2/c4nHeOuPeYC7lZPs7OQT7DYsa5Rkju633BmuPdKFBRab42DqeFjwmQxsOLqde7KiamxfTDYF4iC6jA7FPjDcrMmTsp93fr07quElksQdu/GD44cWwd2RXCv4IdeN1m+Jv3nf//s2WdJFvkMpBEmxtYnW2F5h31R+f1XckyKT1B9BfEGUgGRZXVpyWbheEB0WS4IvbpEV9EC8EJxdE1mtEd4FLGwQKE4UfzPKDbaTRwwgJfggPoa9BdbNMpFAz8gm1d+gj2tJphw5KDkGx5XxLsC8FiN+wKGaaqwczCjl2Vosj5FigdZEMk4DjS0ys9WQYAwMlh/Xxi6rfbFlfHDtHpLEB+XgsRKKqdw5h03qY1p14U0EmHCnHjygFx+U2nsXuX+tx97ss2/e/WQiTDtLywaR/PfA6TAZ2GTZGKYAacMdtQNaFyv8YAkWhCp4sbCc+S4R6cexA/YPaUEFoDgUOBOkDC92AiO2Jq3CklsOb8wS5XdPwF+Hwoc1QHYH9g8EMtCtilHEda3WSndhLVoQBiu82W3GcP4p1t6gPJp3TtBShU6Croh4FfT/MBuBKHavjD2KkfTORKzYloLhz/KSQFT7TI6waRBqZtn98F4HF4RHgpSWRNrgTXTYz8MNBC09UmBKiOuEAqJuGEOPZKCW8AAw82ogCAMl6GWr8cxMav/BzL6Xg737yJkcPc6xUYkULhxGBAoZ9gWFiOLCuBuihydVYBjHU5z6hGLwHJyGh8LCyEjLowEmq21IjiTSu1/bP3wzKRgEFJYE7CyaHMZZDx7DWAwzDfcdkgRtAWPK4NkHDkw99JbJxBXyCe8G8kFB3m/0xds9umiJniUYA1A3UFwSc1lezxqTKW2fyk0IqFNk1ZftrhJaYJ/BKYIoRLHjoO+v63rozwj6F4sCgCtA1bK6ouTxMA4Ew8CsEv4gyKjwSwKG6MX4degtYFfAxDLqttvPSKGALB2IV0klNxKPqmGNVII9U+ILM9wPpsUXJ+kLle501q9FMcoIZB+PzKP7HTbmUKkPITT8C4X4ZDYnGcT3UsJ2lh4hlp1idJnhMcR/HoGSfaKAMuABfoEbkwchBcoPJujBGUx8QPYaepYJf/xRmBF/wpsOA5VwG2RkkCJEVCGvWeqSRdf7KdlOlSKaMX2RD9SMUE6lD4jGAYr8Z4AkDeJBlNGigBEMo5ztOkjvgoOOwgXHZaKc0DYYNhppjM8AcQZaheRUEssJXebwwRqimJaTAi3vp0XWMwArCzO4hVDR9+TIMlygEMFADPogqmp+Jm+PVtxDB8Uf/iDzR/v418ahusLDrMIyRCUSohiwSwaMVoeSF+QUGCAE1XUPTHl4f33hb9/nXtQstEsefhhMDwUEs/WI+CQB2xfsynuXGZ6FXxOP5KHNOTwHyFTSWRzajNteDs4vdC/ftuYXq/MlIBSEawRcZStKyfurmdMnxaPjZC9nl2kPZMsoLoI/xAyubZuLa4vhWoiUiVSURsdGs6msQ+3NaOV2f26+d3Yld4sz7nUVYDDdFuGKSRhrgknbQvPMdLOU0SVQwVpLQ/Q/4qAHeT4cacY5P6UbtaI9NelPj2Vm0toMR5EaB8bNA6QYBq+woVCjyf/xvF9XB33dzz+FMH/rp2J6mNt1977Dnx/R78Nzvkjpw9R0UXaMlMzwLLhkAisKgCt0/xheBjBFg/Ugh5h5ttu60+jO18PVElNOjP1T4YJUFl1++CyPkIyDrQXPLHHl4Tmh383m8urS+ifrHnobeJv1bt1reEx1Jv2isui3DlpRjgyrYQClg/0BdWoRpUDK8PFh7kE0cjO5razuwfInCSJEuEVSnrCyk61wzI+ntOxsev+k/Foh9cda9seKfFSiDJoHM4ax+O/OBWQCcNrQB/36i/YMLvH1B/FcX2EnqPjMGB8nlUm5Drri2K2g33FgKFEGLmbMrOzn8cqYhVwwUY1nK/GUziQEyQKuH0Ut1261W6h9X19dX99Yjzos4UuHRUV3DxYGJ6HwMNGf8O7RO21Yez2MkUEfY3gF1fwQuBMqq32S65GcH+eIXKblY+T4jPKjqvr6uPCDUflgWq0KrLvFTjj8VK7VU63X99lKPtVEfNHJj9jXR6zv/U8ibIV4oTFEz7LR2fp6R1gI1LrQIl6eLaXaEkaisYn0yUr6kCzmkPa2rbjR9HpmNwwaUdMGUczy3ZpUC3JIhhLQ49CcIZvJutSuw0qaczcGZzfStyId8aNYJ+MGU619aE50m4KVhP8Eehtu1EaNchwbNjdSF5SyLqllNDg5xZ8JKHgQI1lGs4ZZBMaKqATuZ3YH2n0WGuuz07grYc9MDnEhliZkfAwvCBuOtxxwLaD/oGFsy0zV5ND0Ip7MibWSlEWRQs/sNbe20LCr1Q/6nFhS6igOCpyUXtTrTh35XyR8kcSDHxZRux+vLPhzH/ln2/ItU2BlzUB00WMM+Apg4SGRGZEeC3dRwokOnBInRlpqs1quHa8ah8pkqkzKScdNsIYQksJEwwBDvODCP4SZP8vpGHoVu9+R+zXnFAuFdUUELzAMPaG2M1KyE7N2AkmVGqpNEmOWiuEf5cMeFVDJ5/nI8Lb6m9TxfHRQCdVcGVzLwO+p2Vy20+9g9ZG7mxyfhIQF1O7GywveuavOb0CrtCVQCBmgmnQ2BIgKwhlu5NKQi11NtOGtyRm1lKET2d5MIbu/JOM7ddH6EBI4DFbgWg6J0Qizh+juN3js+mFfd3KBS91FMnxAYByA/ADMd/Q4KQh0VAA4ztXytJaKyqGbQd9BZ7NTX1xbvbO5udHq9y20whFUQUEmAV3zEFREbuyAPCRKMVKAO2uPCA91Kh6aRiN9lHD30N7RTWpuEXb0XRD7JLR44b1Uxp4Yiw6Pascn5R/vk/7kcO6PJsQDGVIACSwBkIeIMRb9XknBNyteSbSxe3y9GYASgCpIIE4US2qsWpEFgEPUF+WcchRJfCj5VrS13V1YqG+srbfRKxI1bSj8x59AcuBdE5XAKE4BfC9oaIhmCxZS5qxlVXIw3Atl1+AOob4F3yHBQkhejcH41+wgdHum4KLOTi9aY+Pk6H795SPyy/v40zX+YFaq6BxLjz78iPcQ1G9j9b+Ne3y9FXzePz30ZZKwj1FGQXi+Z3aG9S8wea3NVnuZfR9Xp90GvxyNL6hmIgsZA0J1JKR44atT9B1gXNK4wyBbYMP3MF52aeRGIawg0O70ukaCClkGdI9ENSPl86zoY/9h/tgh9dCstn+SOzJCxnVW6o0D5+FqD2WKv8053ZWwZzrb8MGQuEMj3jgCNN8dWPVGZ2N1cWl+dftOA98AqYuhoqGKT1JRTo7MEPrdOyoaqKbSvGDqchgr8qA/iDVfSsUoft9ZHXhdgOfxDYDoPo2vvYQDVQwju90zHGGGqx7SDu2TXjmo/ORw6gczyniOZFAdebcJNwQr4RgOD3yS9WB5po/8ZRfblbAvm6Gn+nuCgaP2Cd0it+tbt++s3VrYsNbWt3u9BukHSt30XIe6YKuj0CKKUEAT8Dw6ntg9Hg3K8MUw1HX1nI463RRrh3AXEIORgyFG20KWemYVxwIaHJSiykR88ED4g1PWKwe910bJ6Qw9gF4sAkspgUuLpgE4WIBxnxIEtQh19miVz1M94VOfvCthTz1lX/wBNBQCkbO1st1eXe02Ns0+Ot6xkiNLRRFsH1/Nkcz4kH8Mw4caEyw448gA1kq+sgZ9jFBUzypN7ukamGCcnYSrkBfYxFyR2z+dOjUjnZ6hp6bpyQo9YPjjvF1kVB0miugtMKzehoRBUu/WL30eevyM5+Chy+1K2LOcXdaVyHHra/W163ec7U2D9ktZPpKrHAjbQsx3hJzGGShIdzIZEf15rL5p+76GPkqQCxOxJzpqqq2w7XXcNhpbPtA9BKLBis90Io+T3D6yf4b/+Uzx9Sn9eEmZEQpjaA4c+VwAqlKCjKH4Dj92Gd+VHahgQ2FEQt5JklSPcEee5QQ85lq7eNiznGCQhFFafGf5zla3w6e0TBSonr+ZqaYH9ZSJUv3sdhXdZHtyF4VGqdiQIX6iHQ9Es5Pr5terus8H2mAt18w0Mikpla6k0UEXeBi6vwTRoNG7td65lCvo2dSURPYkxZ0obAIGwSjU6H+CijbU8MALQ9Wkn5QqyaxiCsSuFvqjVFip+n0E5Fk+9hde67v63Wzf2gQ97Y0AV+HLJYJ+jM5iIS86Ai/5qNgBEht1/ACECZWjooBokhULxDIngDmGFn/42jTJ4SMezaTiQhxarHcfWpAiZZRUHsDUCDxFJ458XplN8eMSyaHrI7RaQgVjISPgEfbVasm3QYMbgUrdBGJllU5JezrWkeSz7Uie9um+wvm7VvIrTNrnfgRRIsoRysVyJZ0vsIoMAd+zrbYtIdJCFd/9YAvmAKxlQUUTdbSPw9ecgBKI4iN0e835YuirJi8Gml1C2xnUjN/Dw3A/lBCqSj6f3q9IaDsA5/3RA6IEKuPdThCJwzbsQZG0vgLjPmHk/wGOXQl7xpOOrtvcBEePU2EszMbtXH1xI1g025bm6uVSuS/3OrQzoGjGxrwlpHdkrthN5bfzUrY/kuEiO725vBErVgk0n0dkIqGLD3lpjwfih3783eP+b4/luz/jx/78y+36Yc9iqgEyIZUMDB9IGB+h7TLaf4SDsDewWv1Or93UW2hYEXYKHX4brWF1lJE6kmPFFmqtdE/Dd1c6WdNYR3u8sK8OJBFfYJWX0VG8qtbGa4kf9pS5HYSnQzrvjhZ7Fs/4Va+xq8O+6sx9zufg8aAgPsfncqlifqRWGpudGp9JjadoCl37KYqBwGTFd8VIPkMfhmXXiPjQ5xydTljxD02hLxd6nqGxFGLALx8chAmwBJKjfzDQ/kvGuCthX76IX34GACugAENyfMIsRYcpiRcyklzVU7VSNT2TTo+kK3EJrc8DwzcpvmnMkf1IlWR0QWffHOYrA1AzVE9XJKFn9COvx9uoJfnyW0PCwJN4RMKGxH6gtE+p+778dk9/xq6EPf2cffYTmMVhJc7DfhArsOU4XdGKqeJYeWwCfYMzJfTaEAxxABKXxcm+rcuegq+1aVs6OgkJ8kAIYrfnaYKvKxGKbb/0GKKxw/rOB30wvPOH8ewfHfETPMOXPuTuCV82A0hC57V8rlrI5yeqxdFKpajmczH6R6OSFNYNMKnJUXzlBMB9IGVGpEm6Gmi8he+U+TLzBzEakgifA3X12GnY9fS/TDqe3d+HX8QJ3N9ynUarbVsd33M7PQ5lnEbob2TRfdPMokcTejUP8FVuPL61Z2zfWLaUffDLWZ7dcL6lK+3qsG9ponEbhIToIYV0d0ZPVUv5sVp+pGLksugpBIRDDny0LQnxpSwtR8Y3mfCxSdHK7oFikG9voM/0TrsS9kyn88kuJghC2sgUs/lKITtezYzWspmSge+4wjebxpwRhH0zttG3OmTftfD8mr8ne9ZdjusTztOzP42xHiSxWiyMo1vb+JHxsdGxdJyW+26ttOaoSpdmkjbm3/mDNW3/zj/E7gM8xzOwayWf48X5XgxtV8K+F8v4HD/EroQ9x4vzvRjaroR9L5bxOX6IXQl7jhfnezG0XQn7Xizjc/wQuxL2HC/O92JouxL2vVjG5/ghdiXsOV6c78XQdiXse7GMz/FD/D8a4kvWgjyCQAAAAABJRU5ErkJggg==)|
9  
Giga-Byte Technology Co., Ltd/SGTM No. T0406147E| ![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)|
9  
Zendesk, Inc./SGTM No. 40201811655Q| ![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)|
9, 35, 38, 42  
  
102 However, the fact that other marks on the register contain triangle
devices does not diminish the inherent distinctiveness of the composite whole
of the Respondent’s Mark (Singapore). The inherent distinctiveness of the
Respondent’s Mark (Singapore) lies in the combination and stylisation of the
word “DIGI” and a triangle device. None of the examples cited by Mr Mauer
comprise of these precise elements. Further, even if the appellant is right in
saying that the respondent does not claim exclusivity over the triangle
device, I fail to see how the average consumer would know this. Such failure
to claim exclusivity in the triangle device does not diminish the capacity of
the totality of the Respondent’s Mark (Singapore) to function as a badge of
origin. In fact, that the appellant now focuses on distinguishing the triangle
devices in the competing marks (see [123] below) betrays a recognition that
the triangle device in the Respondent’s Mark (Singapore) adds to the mark’s
technical distinctiveness. As such, I re-iterate my conclusion that the sum
total of the word and device component of the Respondent’s Mark (Singapore)
bears a low degree of inherent distinctiveness.

(2) Acquired Distinctiveness

103 I next consider whether the Respondent’s Mark (Singapore) has acquired
distinctiveness.

104 The Court of Appeal in Hai Tong endorsed the following factors as being
helpful, but inexhaustive, indicia in determining whether a mark has acquired
distinctiveness through use (at [33]):

(a) the market share held by the registered mark;

(b) the nature of its use (whether or not it was intensive, widespread and
long-standing);

(c) the amount invested in promoting the mark;

(d) the proportion of the relevant class of individuals who identified goods
sold under the mark as emanating from a particular source; and

(e) any statements from trade associations and chambers.

105 The respondent submits that the Respondent’s Mark (Singapore) has acquired
distinctiveness through the extensive use and promotion of it in Singapore
since 1987. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

RS at [31].

It provides the following evidence in support. In 1987, Singapore became the
location of the respondent’s first overseas production site. “DIGI” products
were produced in Singapore where the factory occupied 12,000 square metres and
employed over 100 employees. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

Mr Kishi’s SD at pp 2–3 [6]–[8]; Mr Heng’s SD at p 2 [5].

Since 1987, the Respondent’s Singapore Subsidiary has continuously and
extensively used “DIGI” and the Respondent’s Mark (Singapore) in respect of,
inter alia, balances and scales, scales equipped with printer, printers,
weighing and measuring systems in general and other such products in Class 9
in Singapore. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

Mr Heng’s SD at p 2 [8]–[9], and pp 48–79 of Exhibit C.

In Singapore, the respondent’s goods bearing the Respondent’s Mark (Singapore)
have, for numerous years, been supplied to local supermarkets including NTUC,
FairPrice, Cold Storage and Sheng Siong, and local companies such as Singapore
Post Pte Ltd, Toshiba Chemical (S) Pte Ltd, Citizen Farm and Sora. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

Mr Heng’s SD at p 3 [11], and pp 98–175 of Exhibit F.

As a rough estimate, the respondent’s goods bearing “DIGI” or the Respondent’s
Mark (Singapore) account for 60% of the market share for scales and commercial
weighing and measuring systems in Singapore. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

Mr Heng’s SD at p 3 [12].

The Respondent’s Singapore Subsidiary’s sales revenue figures increased from
$420,925 in 2007 to $2,964,185.35 in 2017. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

Mr Heng’s SD at pp 3–4 [13]–[14], and pp 177–319 of Exhibit G.

The respondent also claims that its evidence demonstrates extensive promotions
and advertisements in Singapore over the years. The Respondent’s Mark
(Singapore) has been placed in, for instance, directories such as Green Book
and Yellow Pages. Its annual advertising expenditure also increased from
$2,230 in 2013 to $11,609.68 in 2017. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

Mr Heng’s SD at p 4 [15]–[17].

106 While the Adjudicator mentioned the above evidence at [43] of her GD, she
did not make a finding of acquired distinctiveness when performing the marks
similarity analysis under s 8(2)(b) of the TMA. However, when analysing the
tort of passing off under s 8(7)(a) of the TMA, the Adjudicator held at [73]
that “it is clear that the threshold query has been met and the goodwill is
distinctive and sufficiently associated with the [respondent’s] goods and
services using the [Respondent’s Mark (Singapore)]”. The threshold query the
Adjudicator must have had in mind is proving that the mark (of the opponent on
the passing off ground) has acquired distinctiveness through use. This is
because the Court of Appeal in Singsung Pte Ltd v LG 26 Electronics Pte Ltd
(trading as L S Electrical Trading) [2016] 4 SLR 86 (“Singsung”) at [38] and
[70] held that the issue of acquired distinctiveness is best understood as a
threshold inquiry in the context of determining whether an actionable
misrepresentation has been committed. Based on the evidence above at [105],
the Adjudicator further held that the Respondent’s Mark (Singapore) was well
known in Singapore under s 8(4)(a) of the TMA. She also noted at [82] of the
GD that the appellant “did not refute all of [the evidence at [105] above] but
submitted that the evidence was confined only to scales and measuring
equipment and there was no evidence of use of services in relation to Classes
38 and 42.”

107 Even on appeal, the appellant does not challenge the finding that the
Respondent’s Mark (Singapore) has acquired distinctiveness (in connection with
the element of misrepresentation in passing off) or that the Respondent’s Mark
(Singapore) is well known in Singapore. I note that the Australian Registrar’s
Decision, which the appellant relies on to argue that “DIGI” is descriptive,
110

##### Foot Note 110

×

AFS at [32].

went on to say at [19] that there was “… no basis to find that the word ‘digi’
has become more distinctive since [the time of registration of the
Respondent’s Mark (Australia)]”. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

Plaintiff’s Supplemental Bundle of Authorities at p 10.

However, I do not regard the Australian Registrar’s Decision to be persuasive,
in general, in the matter before me. Namely, the material statutory provisions
discussed in the Australian Registrar’s Decision, such as ss 44 and 60 of
Australia’s Trade Marks Act 1995 (Cth) (“the Australian TMA”), differ from
comparable provisions in Singapore. George Wei J stated a similar view in
Rovio at [122]–[124], in connection with ss 44 and 60 in the Australian TMA.
In particular, he observed that: (a) the statutory language in s 44 of the
Australian TMA regarding “deceptive similarity” reduced the persuasive weight
of authorities discussing this provision in Singapore (at [122]); and (b) that
the provisions in Singapore on well known earlier trade marks are not the same
as the Australian provisions (at [124]). Accordingly, the Australian
Registrar’s Decision does not advance the appellant’s case.

108 Having regard to the factors identified in Hai Tong (see [104] above), I
uphold the Adjudicator’s finding that the Respondent’s Mark (Singapore) has
acquired distinctiveness.

109 First, with regards the market share held by the Respondent’s Mark
(Singapore), Mr Heng Yong Chiang’s (“Mr Heng”) Statutory Declaration filed in
the Registry states that “[a]s a rough estimate, the [respondent’s] DIGI
products account for approximately 60% of the market share for scales and
commercial weighing and measuring systems”. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

Mr Heng’s SD at p 3 [12].

Mr Heng is a director of the Respondent’s Singapore Subsidiary. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

Mr Heng’s SD at p 1 [1], [4].

The appellant has not disputed this claim in Mr Heng’s statutory declaration
before the Adjudicator or this court.

110 I accept that Mr Heng provided evidence of the sales and advertising
figures of the Respondent’s Singapore Subsidiary increasing and identified
local customers such as major supermarkets in Singapore. Nevertheless, this
does not prove the extent of the market share of the Respondent’s Singapore
Subsidiary described in the preceding paragraph. In the light of these
considerations, whilst the respondent’s estimated market share is still a
factor going in its favour, I am unable to place significant weight on it.

111 Second, with regards the nature of the use of the Respondent’s Mark
(Singapore), I am satisfied that the it has been used extensively in
connection with the respondent’s goods in Singapore.

112 In terms of marketing and advertisement, the respondent’s product
brochures feature an array of weighing apparatus, printers and a combination
of the two bearing the Respondent’s Mark (Singapore). These brochures also
name the Respondent’s Singapore Subsidiary and provide its contact details in
Singapore. The Respondent’s Mark (Singapore) was also displayed in connection
with the respondent’s goods in, inter alia, the Green Book 2012–2013 and on
the Green Book website, albeit the latter being for an unknown period of time.

113 In terms of actual use of the Respondent’s Mark (Singapore) on goods, the
Respondent’s Singapore Subsidiary has used this mark on balances and scales,
scales equipped with a printer, printers, weighing and measuring systems in
general and other such products in Class 9 in Singapore since 1987 (ie, for
over three decades). These goods bearing the Respondent’s Mark (Singapore) are
used in various supermarkets in Singapore. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

Mr Heng’s SD at p 3 [11], and pp 98–115.

The Respondent’s Singapore Subsidiary’s revenue figures have grown from
2007–2017 and, since 2012, have been consistently upwards of $1 million. The
Respondent’s Singapore Subsidiary hit $2,964,185.35 in revenue in 2017. In
addition, the Respondent’s Singapore Subsidiary supplies goods to buyers in
the Asian and world markets, including in Germany and Japan. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

Mr Heng’s SD at p 2 [10], and pp 93, 96.

The invoices issued to these foreign buyers by the Respondent’s Singapore
Subsidiary bear the Respondent’s Mark (Singapore). 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

Mr Heng’s SD at pp 92, 96.

114 Moreover, a portion of the further evidence of the respondent, admitted in
HC/SUM 2178/2020 (“the SUM 2178/2020 evidence”), is relevant to the
determination of the Respondent’s Mark’s (Singapore) acquired distinctiveness.
While I do not rely on portions of the SUM 2178/2020 evidence which pertain to
goods and services falling outside of the Respondent’s Mark’s (Singapore)
Class 9 specification, there are certain goods disclosed in the SUM 2178/2020
evidence that fall within the Respondent’s Mark’s (Singapore) Class 9
specification, and which are highlighted as examples of the Respondent’s
Wireless Goods (ie, goods which incorporate wireless capabilities). 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

Mr Kishi’s 1st Affidavit at p 7 [22], and see, for example, pp 619, 622.

Two examples are:

(a) The SM-5300, which is a PC based weigh-labeller with inbuilt wireless
modules and wireless connectivity to other products like InfoTag and e.Label
Electronic Signage. The respondent’s website states that through the SM-5300,
“[revised] … promotional text, product information and pricing updates can be
instantaneously displayed on InfoTag via the wireless base station” [emphasis
in original in bold]; 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

Mr Kishi’s 1st Affidavit at pp 622–625; Mr Heng’s SD at p 269.

and

(b) The SM-500V2, which is a scale printer that prints receipts or labels.
Notably, this product has wireless network connectivity and its data can be
centralised under the scale application software, e.Leap, and sales reports
may be generated for management assessment. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

Mr Kishi’s 1st Affidavit at pp 619–621; Mr Heng’s SD at pp 178, 180.

115 Sales of SM-5300 and SM-500V2 in Singapore are evidenced in records from
the Respondent’s Singapore Subsidiary’s accounting system exhibited in Mr
Heng’s statutory declaration. In my view, sales of these goods, which fall
within the Respondent’s Mark’s (Singapore) Class 9 specification, in Singapore
increases the extent of the mark’s actual use here and strengthens the case
for acquired distinctiveness. By way of an aside, a fuller discussion of the
relevance of the SUM 2178/2020 evidence, more generally, to the ground of
opposition in s 8(2)(b) TMA may be found at [142]–[144] below.

116 Third, with regards the amount invested in promoting the Respondent’s Mark
(Singapore), the Respondent’s Singapore Subsidiary’s annual advertising has
risen from $2,230 in 2013 to $11,609.68 in 2017.

117 Evidence relating to the Hai Tong factors at [104(d)] and [104(e)] has not
been adduced. I recognise that a well-designed market survey is likely to be
useful when seeking to establish the acquired distinctiveness of a highly
descriptive and/or inherently non-distinctive mark, a slogan, a colour or
shape mark. For such marks, the market survey may show that the relevant
public has been educated that the sign is and functions as a trade mark.
However, considering the mark in issue here and the evidence showing use of
the mark as a trade mark, I do not consider the absence of a market survey to
be fatal.

118 In light of the long-standing and extensive use of the Respondent’s Mark
(Singapore) in Singapore, both in promotional material and on actual goods
sold, the mark possesses acquired distinctiveness. Therefore, while the word
“DIGI” is descriptive and the whole of the Respondent’s Mark (Singapore) only
has a low level of inherent distinctiveness, the distinctiveness of the whole
mark has been enhanced to a moderate degree through use.

119 While there may be some marks which can never possess distinctiveness
(inherent or acquired) (eg, “Soap” for “soap” (Jacob J in British Sugar Plc v
James Robertson & Sons Ltd [1996] RPC 281 (“British Sugar”) at 305)), the
Respondent’s Mark (Singapore) is not one such example. To the contrary,
viewing the composite whole of the Respondent’s Mark (Singapore), which
includes the stylised word “DIGI” and a triangle device (see [100] above), and
on account of its use in Singapore, the whole mark functions as a badge of
origin from the perspective of consumers.

Visual similarity

120 I now turn to comparing the marks visually.

121 The Adjudicator held that the competing marks are visually similar “in
terms of the textual presentation and use of similarly shaped device” (GD at
[48]). She noted that the appellant owned many other “DIGI” related marks but
none used a similar sans serif font to that in the Respondent’s Mark
(Singapore) (GD at [47]). She also observed that there were “many other shapes
that could have been used, instead of a triangular shaped device” (GD at
[48]).

122 The respondent agrees with the Adjudicator’s reasoning, and stresses that
the competing marks are both “composite marks, each made up of a single
[identical distinctive] word and device”. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

RS at [45], [47], [48], [52], [54], [55], [63].

While it acknowledges differences in the font of the marks’ word component and
the design and placement of the triangle devices, it submits these differences
are “simply insufficient to distinguish the marks”. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

RS at [48], [54], [55].

123 In this regard, the appellant initially accepted that the parties’
previous marks are similar, and that the Application Mark is “not more
similar” to the Respondent’s Mark (Singapore) than the Appellant’s Old Mark
(Singapore). 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

AS at [70], [75].

In fact, Mr Mauer’s precise words are that the parties’ respective “DIGI”
marks in the 2002 Agreement are “essentially identical” [emphasis added] –
inter alia, they are visually similar as the most distinctive component of
their marks was the word “DIGI”. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

Mr Mauer’s 1st Affidavit at p 12 [20].

However, in its further submissions, the appellant now adopts the Australian
Registrar’s finding that the competing marks are not deceptively similar as
the triangle devices are “significantly different” in their nature and
placement. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

AFS at [32].

The device in the Application Mark is a small green triangle on the right of
the word “DIGI”. In contrast, the device in the Respondent’s Mark (Singapore)
is a large inverted triangle with graduated lines, next to a smaller word mark
“DIGI”. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

AFS at [30].

124 I find it significant that both the competing marks comprise the word
“DIGI” and a triangle device. With regards the Respondent’s Mark (Singapore),
given the triangle’s size relative to the word component and its graduated
lines, the triangle is visually co-dominant with the word component. As for
the Application Mark, the colour contrast between the light green triangle and
the black letters would call attention to both components. Visual, aural and
conceptual similarity of marks is based on the overall impression given by the
marks (Staywell at [26]). As the competing marks contain the same elements,
both of which are eye-catching in the context of each mark, I have no doubt
that the impression left by each mark is highly similar. Even further still,
the stylisation of the marks’ word components are also highly similar:

(a) All letters are capitalised;

(b) The letter “D” in both marks has a gap, although the gap in the
Application Mark is at the top of the “D”, while the gap is at the bottom of
the “D” in the Respondent’s Mark (Singapore); and

(c) Both marks employ a similar font which is plain and minimalist. In fact,
in its written submissions, the appellant accepts that the Application Mark
and Respondent’s Mark (Singapore) employ the “sans serif font”. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

AS at [76].

Although there are minor stylistic differences between the fonts (including
the location of the gap in the “D”), these will not register in the imperfect
recollection of the average consumer.

125 Having considered the appellant’s submissions, I am not satisfied that the
differences in the nature and positioning of the two triangle devices
distinguish the marks visually. Keeping in mind that competing marks must not
be compared side by side (Hai Tong at [40(d)]), and that the average consumer
has imperfect recollection, these differences are insufficient to distinguish
the competing marks in the mind of the average consumer. It also bears
emphasising that the Respondent’s Mark (Singapore) has inherent and acquired
distinctiveness. All the more, the differences in respect of the triangle
devices are not so substantial as to distinguish the Application Mark
visually. However, these differences are also not completely irrelevant. On
the whole, I characterise the degree of visual similarity between the marks as
fair.

Aural Similarity

126 The Adjudicator held that the marks are aurally identical as both comprise
the letters “DIGI” and are pronounced in the same manner by both parties (GD
at [40]).

127 I agree with the Adjudicator’s finding. “DIGI” is the only textual
component in both marks and the appellant accepted, in the hearing before me,
that both marks would be referred to as “DIGI”. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

MS at p 6.

Absent any suggestion that “DIGI” is pronounced differently in the Application
Mark, the marks are aurally identical.

Conceptual Similarity

128 In considering whether there is conceptual similarity, the inquiry is
directed at the ideas that lie behind or inform the marks or signs in question
(Hai Tong at [70]). In this analysis, the court should consider what the
conceptually dominant component of a composite mark is, because the idea
connoted by each component might be very different from the sum of its parts
(Staywell at [35]).

129 The Adjudicator found that the marks have a high degree of conceptual
similarity. In both marks, the text “DIGI” evokes the word “digital” and
connotes a relation to products and services with a digital element. The
respondent submits that the marks are conceptually identical as both will be
remembered as marks made up of a meaningless word and a single triangle
device. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

RS at [80].

Alternatively, if “DIGI” means “digital”, the respondent submits that since
the word “DIGI” is common to both marks, they are conceptually identical. 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

RS at [75].

130 It follows from my finding that “DIGI” is a short form for “digital” (see
[94] above) that the respondent’s first argument fails.

131 In my view, the Adjudicator was right to find that both marks evoke the
notion of digital goods and services (GD at [49]), or technology more
generally. Clearly, the marks are, at least, conceptually similar to a high
degree.

132 The respondent goes further to say that both marks are conceptually
identical. This presupposes that the conceptually dominant component of both
marks is the textual component only. However, for the Respondent’s Mark
(Singapore), I take the view that the device and textual components are
visually and conceptually co-dominant. The triangle device is larger and
“looms” over the textual component. The triangle device leaves as strong an
impression in the mind of an average consumer as the textual component. As
such, the idea connoted by the Respondent’s Mark (Singapore) would include
both technology and the notion of a triangle. That being said, in respect of
the Application Mark, the notion of a triangle is likewise evoked by its
triangle device component. However, this notion will not be identical to that
connected to the Respondent’s Mark (Singapore) as the two triangle devices are
not the same.

133 The competing marks are thus not conceptually identical, but highly
similar.

Conclusion on marks similarity

134 Based on the foregoing analysis, I find that the marks are aurally
identical, conceptually similar to a high degree and visually similar to a
fair degree. On the whole, I have no trouble finding that the marks are
similar.

Are the marks’ specifications similar?

135 At the second stage of the step-by-step approach, the court considers
whether the goods and services in the specifications of the Application Mark
and Respondent’s Mark (Singapore) are similar.

136 As I have rejected the applicability of the 2002 Agreement, I need not
consider the appellant’s argument that the Application Mark’s Specifications
fall within the defined scope of goods and services in the 2002 Agreement. I
therefore focus on whether the goods and services in the specifications of the
competing marks are similar.

137 The appropriate comparison is between the specification for which the
Respondent’s Mark (Singapore) is registered and the specifications for which
the Application Mark is sought to be registered (Staywell at [40]). The Court
of Appeal in Hai Tong also confirmed (at [92]) that the following factors set
out by Jacob J in British Sugar at 296 (“the British Sugar factors”) are
relevant to determining the question of the similarity of goods and services:

(a) The respective uses of the respective goods or services;

(b) The respective end users of the respective goods or services;

(c) The physical nature of the goods or services;

(d) The respective trade channels through which the goods or services reach
the market;

(e) In the case of self-serve consumer items, where in practice they are
respectively found or likely to be found in supermarkets and in particular
whether they are, or are likely to be, found on the same or different shelves;
and

(f) The extent to which the respective goods or services are competitive. This
inquiry may take into account how those in trade classify goods, for instance
whether market research companies, who of course act for industry, put the
goods or services in the same or different sectors.

138 Further, each class of specification under which the Application Mark is
sought to be registered must be compared individually to the Class 9
specification of the Respondent’s Mark (Singapore) (Staywell at [43]).

139 The appellant submits that the specifications of the Application Mark in
Classes 9, 38 and 42 and the specification of the Respondent’s Mark
(Singapore) in Class 9 are dissimilar. This is because the appellant’s goods
and services and the respondent’s goods are for different uses and users and
do not compete. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

AS at [100].

The appellant’s products pertain to the “connection of machines” and provide
the infrastructure which makes possible and facilitates connection to the
Internet. 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

AS at [92]–[94].

Many of its goods are sold to government bodies or OEMs to be incorporated
into other products. In contrast, the respondent’s goods are confined to
scales and measuring equipment, labellers, label printers and sorting machines
and systems. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

AS at [95]–[99].

The respondent’s goods are sold to the “general public as complete end users
systems”, and cater to four main business fields: retail, food, logistics and
hospitality. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

AS at [96], [99].

The appellant also argues that the respondent’s SUM 2178/2020 evidence,
showing the Respondent’s IoT Goods and Services and Wireless Goods, is
irrelevant. These goods and services are outside the scope of the Respondent’s
Mark’s (Singapore) Class 9 specification. 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

AS at [90]; Youichi Kishi’s 1st Affidavit of 3 June 2020 (“Mr Kishi’s 1st
Affidavit”) at p 5 [15].

It also submitted that the Application Mark’s Specifications are, in
substance, similar to the specifications allowed under the Appellant’s DIGI-
related Marks (Singapore). As the latter group of marks co-exist with the
Respondent’s Mark (Singapore) without any issue, this demonstrates that the
goods and services covered under the Appellant’s DIGI-related Marks
(Singapore) are distinct from the specification of the Respondent’s Mark
(Singapore). 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

AFS at [18]–[19].

140 In response, the respondent agrees with the Adjudicator’s finding that
there is similarity of goods and services (see [23]–[24] above for
Adjudicator’s reasoning). 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

RS at [83]–[84].

In gist, the respondent submits that the appellant’s goods and services are
complementary to its own goods, are sold by the same producer/providers to the
same users and are commonly found in the same distribution channels. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

RS at [93], [111].

In particular, with regards the Application Mark’s Specifications in Classes
38 and 42, the respondent emphasises that these services may be used in
connection with goods in the Class 9 specification of the Respondent’s Mark
(Singapore) (ie, balance and scale, scale equipped with printer, printer). 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

RS at [111(a)]; MS at p 17.

Classes 38 and 42 of the Application Mark’s Specifications do not exclude
services which concern weighing and/or measuring purposes or transfer of data
connected to weighing and/or measuring processes (see [10(c)] above). There
are few devices that exist without some form of wireless connectivity. The
services that allow goods to perform wirelessly are also sold as integrated
systems and provided by the same provider together with the goods in question.
It follows that the services covered in Classes 38 and 42 of the Application
Mark’s specifications and the respondent’s goods in Class 9 would be obtained
through a single purchase of a particular good that integrates such wireless
technology. 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

RS at [111(b)]–[111(c)].

The respondent also submits that the SUM 2178/2020 evidence is relevant under
s 8(2)(b) of the TMA as the assessment of similarity of goods and services
must take into account actual and notional fair uses of the specification of
the Respondent’s Mark (Singapore). 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

RRS at [63].

Finally, the respondent submits that the specifications of the Appellant’s
DIGI-related Marks (Singapore) are irrelevant to the inquiry as the state of
the register says nothing of how the marks were put on to the register. 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

AFS at [29].

141 Preliminarily, I deal with two points raised by the appellant.

142 The first point is the question of whether the SUM 2178/2020 evidence is
relevant to the comparison of the competing marks’ specifications. At this
stage, and in the context of the step-by-step approach more generally, I am
confined to comparing the specification for which the Respondent’s Mark
(Singapore) is registered and the specifications for which the Application
Mark is sought to be registered (Staywell at [40]). The respondent has
conceded in Mr Youichi Kishi’s (“Mr Kishi”) first affidavit of 3 June 2020
(“Mr Kishi’s First Affidavit”) that this further evidence pertains to goods
and services beyond the scope of the Respondent’s Mark’s (Singapore)
specification. Mr Kishi is the Business Unit Manager of the Intellectual
Property and Technical Standard Department of the respondent. 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

Mr Kishi’s 1st Affidavit at p 1 [1].

For these reasons, I am unable to take the SUM 2178/2020 evidence into account
under s 8(2)(b) of the TMA insofar as it relates to goods and services beyond
the Respondent’s Mark’s (Singapore) Class 9 specification. However, as
explained at [114] above, there are certain goods disclosed in the SUM
2178/2020 evidence that fall within the Respondent’s Mark’s (Singapore) Class
9 specification, and which are highlighted as examples of the Respondent’s
Wireless Goods (ie, goods which incorporate wireless capabilities). 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

Mr Kishi’s 1st Affidavit at p 7 [22], and see, for example, pp 619, 622.

Two examples are the SM-5300 (a PC based weigh-labeller with inbuilt wireless
modules and wireless connectivity to other products) and the SM-500V2 (a scale
printer which has wireless network connectivity). 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

Mr Kishi’s 1st Affidavit at pp 619–621; Mr Heng’s SD at pp 178, 180.

143 In my view, these instances of the respondent’s goods which fall within
the Respondent’s Mark’s (Singapore) Class 9 specification are relevant to my
comparison of the competing marks’ specifications (see [163] and [167] below).

144 In contrast, all of the SUM 2178/2020 evidence remains relevant under  
ss 8(7)(a) (ie, passing off) and 8(4)(b) (ie, well known trade mark) of the
TMA. In the former ground of opposition, the court can consider actual use of
the Respondent’s Mark (Singapore) when determining, inter alia, whether the
respondent has goodwill in Singapore and whether the parties’ fields of
business activity overlap under the element of misrepresentation. In the
latter ground of opposition, such actual use of the Respondent’s Mark
(Singapore) is relevant to determining whether the mark is well known to a
relevant sector of the public in Singapore.

145 The second point is whether the fact that the parties operate in different
industries militates against a finding of similarity of goods and services. To
recapitulate, the appellant emphasises that many of its products are sold to
“government bodies or Original Equipment Manufacturers” to be incorporated
into other products. 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

AS at [92].

In contrast, the respondent’s goods are sold to the “general public as
complete end users systems”, and cater to four main business fields: retail,
food, logistics and hospitality. 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

AS at [96], [99].

146 The appellant’s argument is misplaced. Under s 8(2)(b) TMA, I am not
comparing the parties’ actual goods and services only. In opposition
proceedings, when comparing the specifications of competing marks at the
second stage of the step-by-step approach, the court must consider all actual
and notional fair uses of the goods and/or services in the specification(s) in
which the earlier mark is registered, and the application mark is sought to be
registered (Staywell at [40], [41], [60]).

147 Accordingly, even if the actual industries the parties presently operate
in are different, this is not the end of the inquiry. As I explore
subsequently at, inter alia, [150], [151], [163] and [167], the notional fair
uses of the goods and/or services reflected in the competing marks’
specifications are relevant to a finding of similarity.

Class 9 v Class 9

148 The Respondent’s Mark (Singapore) is registered in Class 9 for “[b]alance
and scale, scale equipped with printer, printer”. 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

Mr Kishi’s SD at p 5 [15].

The Class 9 specification of the Application Mark is more extensive and is set
out in full at [A.1].

149 I find that the competing marks’ specifications in Class 9 are similar.

150 Under factors (a) and (f) of the British Sugar factors (see [137] above),
I agree with the respondent that the marks’ Class 9 goods are complementary in
nature. The complementary nature of the marks’ goods and/or services may not,
by itself, be sufficient for a finding of similarity. It is, however, a
relevant consideration under British Sugar factor (f) (Johnson & Johnson v
Uni-Charm Kabushiki Kaisha (Uni-Charm Corp) [2007] 1 SLR(R) 1082 at [14],
cited in Monster Energy Company v Glamco Co, Ltd [2021] 3 SLR 319 at [68]).
For example, a “scale equipped with [a] printer” (ie, the respondent’s
specification) may involve the use of a wireless printer. This would require
some “computer network connectivity hardware [and software]” (which are found
in the Application Mark’s Class 9 specification) to transmit data between the
scale and wireless printer. Even the appellant accepts that its products are
“used wherever connection with machines is required”. 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

Mr Mauer’s SD at p 2 [5].

151 Such complementarity would also mean that the end users of both parties’
Class 9 goods are potentially the same (British Sugar factor (b)). The goods
are also likely to be marketed through highly similar trade channels which, I
expect, would be a combination of physical and online stores (British Sugar
factor (d)). For instance, in respect of physical stores, Mr Kishi’s First
Affidavit contains examples of retailers at Sim Lim Square, Singapore,
offering both IT hardware (eg, printers, monitors, web cameras) and
connectivity components (eg, WiFi mesh router, WiFi/LAN Adaptors”). 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

Mr Kishi’s 1st Affidavit at pp 371–389.

These examples illustrate that the competing marks’ Class 9 goods will be
distributed through highly similar trade channels.

152 In my view, the appellant’s Class 9 Amendment, that “none of the
aforementioned goods [will relate] to balance and scale, scale equipped with
printer, printer” is insufficient to dispel similarity. The fact remains that
the appellant’s goods in Class 9 may be used in connection with the
respondent’s goods in Class 9. To compound matters, the appellant has produced
brochures marketing such goods falling within its Class 9 specification (eg,
computer network connectivity hardware and software), which are complementary
to those in the specification of the Respondent’s Mark (Singapore), bearing
the Application Mark. These brochures name the appellant’s subsidiary in
Singapore, Digi International Singapore (“Appellant’s Singapore Subsidiary”).
Although I subsequently observe at [221(b)] that there is no evidence that
these brochures have been viewed or distributed in Singapore, or of sales in
Singapore of the goods featured in the brochures, the point on the
complementary nature of the goods remains valid. The goods featured in these
brochures include:

(a) Digi One SP IA, a serial server providing entry level serial-to-Ethernet
connectivity for virtually any industrial device, including bar-code readers,
scales, or temperature sensors; 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

Mr Mauer’s SD at p 231.

(b) Hubport, a switched USB expansion hub that adds USB ports to a PC, server
or thin client for instant peripheral device connectivity. It may be used to
connect a PC to a printer. Hubport can also connect to another of the
appellant’s products, Edgeport, a USB-to-serial convertor. The latter may
connect to scales and cameras. 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

Mr Mauer’s SD at pp 178, 208.

Both Hubport and Edgeport bear the Application Mark.

(c) DIGI Connect SP, a serial server that can be connected to a deli scale and
controlled through the appellant’s cloud-based device management platform. The
former bears the Application Mark. 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

Mr Mauer’s SD at p 245.

So long as the appellant’s Class 9 goods may be used generally “wherever
connection with machines is required” (see [150] above), this complementarity
is one of several factors establishing the similarity of both marks’ Class 9
specifications.

153 The following authorities raised by the respondent further support a
finding of similarity in respect of the marks’ Class 9 specifications.

154 In Opposition No. B 2604 125 Indra Sistemas, S.A. v Kare en cours de
formation (“Indra Sistemas”), 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

RBOA at Volume 3, Tab 21; RS at [96].

a decision of the EU Intellectual Property Office (“EUIPO”) Opposition
Division, the opponent’s relevant Class 9 specification was “Computer
software, recorded; computer programs, recorded; computer programs,
(downloadable software)”. The applicant’s trade mark was sought to be
registered for, inter alia, “[p]rinters for computers” under Class 9. The
EUIPO Opposition Division held that the applicant’s goods were (at p 72):

… either identically contained in … or included in the broad category of the
opponents goods or as they are aimed at the same public and produced by the
same or related undertakings and are of complimentary nature. Furthermore,
they can be distributed through the same channels and are often sold in the
same specialist sales outlets – a fact which is likely to facilitate the
perception by the relevant consumer of the close connections between them and
strengthen the perception that the same undertaking is responsible for the
production of those goods.

[emphasis added]

155 In the present case, the Application Mark’s Class 9 specification does not
contain the broad category of “computer software”. It does, however, include
“[c]omputer hardware”. Commonsensically, electronic scales and/or balances and
printers would contain some computer hardware. My earlier analysis of the
British Sugar factors – which recognises that the competing marks’ Class 9
goods are complementary, share the same end-users and distribution channels –
gives voice to this reality. Indra Sistemas illustrates that when this
combination of factors presents itself in a comparison between two Class 9
specifications, a finding of similarity is warranted.

156 The respondent also relies on DigiPoS v Digi (EU) appeal, 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

RBOA at Volume 1, Tab 8.

in which the EU OHIM Boards of Appeal dismissed the appeal from the first
instance OHIM decision of Digi v DigiPoS (EU) referred to at [57] above.
DigiPoS sought registration in respect of, inter alia, “Class 9 – … printers
…”. However, a mark identical to the Appellant’s Old Mark (Singapore) was
registered for, inter alia, computer network connectivity hardware in Class 9.
The EU OHIM Boards of Appeal found that these goods were “very similar” at
[32]:

‘‘Computer network connectivity hardware’ are units that mediate data in a
computer network and such apparatus require (micro)computers and
(micro-)servers in order to function and they are used in a close relationship
with any kind of terminal (including point-of-sale terminals), keyboards,
printers, scanners, bar code scanners, etc. All the goods have the same nature
being digital and computerised apparatus and they are in part complementary as
‘computer network connectivity hardware’ needs keyboards in order to program
data and printers in order to print information stored in this hardware. The
goods may be manufactured by the same undertakings, are sold via the same
distribution channels and are targeted at the same consumers, both
professional and average consumers. Consequently, these goods must be
considered as being very similar to the earlier goods.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

157 In our case, the Application Mark’s Class 9 specification contains
“computer network connectivity hardware” while the Respondent Mark’s
(Singapore) specification contains “printer”. The foregoing excerpt, which
compares these very two goods, supplements my reasons at [150] and [151] on
why the competing marks’ Class 9 goods are complementary.

158 Finally, the respondent also relies on the decision of the Korean
Intellectual Property Office (“the Korean Decision”). 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

RS at [97].

In the Korean Decision, the respondent successfully opposed the registration
of a mark identical to the Application Mark (seeking registration in Classes
9, 38 and 42) (“Application Mark (Korea)”) on the basis of a mark identical to
the Respondent’s Mark (Singapore) (registered in Classes 7 and 9)
(“Respondent’s Mark (Korea)”). 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

RBOA at Volume 4, Tab 28, pp 228, 231.

The Korean Intellectual Property Office held that the specification of the
Class 9 goods the Application Mark (Korea) was sought to be registered for,
including “computer hardware, OEM computer modules, USB sensors, single board
computers, computer hardware with embedded computer software, namely, modules,
microprocessors, single-board computers, electronic sensors, etc.” and the
Respondent’s Mark’s (Korea) specification in Class 9, including “… electronic
load calculating machines and tools having automatic recording of package, …,
electronic application label printer, …, label printer with electronic scale,
electronic printer …” are similar. This is because they all correspond to
electronic application tools automatically processing data and are identical
or similar in the range of the supplier, seller and consumer of goods. 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

RBOA at Volume 4, Tab 28, pp 230–231.

159 While the reasoning of the Korean Intellectual Property Office is brief,
its message is clear. The Korean Intellectual Property Office was satisfied
that the Class 9 goods in the Application Mark’s (Korea) specification and
Respondent’s Mark’s (Korea) specification were identical or similar in terms
of their suppliers, sellers and consumers. Likewise, in this case, for the
reasons explained above at [150]–[152], there is similarity between the
competing marks’ Class 9 specifications.

Class 38 v Class 9

160 The Class 38 specification the appellant seeks registration for may be
found at [A.3]. The appellant has not made an amendment to the Class 38
specification equivalent to that for Class 9.

161 The Adjudicator reasoned that since the appellant’s Class 38 specification
“closely correspond[s]” with its own Class 9 specification, the former would
also overlap with the respondent’s Class 9 specification (GD at [59]). The
Adjudicator appears to have applied the following proposition laid down by the
Court of Appeal in Staywell at [43]. In that case, the competing marks’
specifications in Class 43 were found to be similar. Since the application
mark’s specification in Class 35 was “closely related and indeed inseparable”
from its own Class 43 specification, the application mark’s Class 35
specification was regarded as similar to the opponent’s mark’s class 43
specification (Staywell at [43]).

162 The respondent’s submissions on this point adopt the more traditional
approach of comparing the appellant’s Class 38 specification and the
respondent’s Class 9 specification. 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

RS at [111].

This is also the approach I will take.

163 In connection with British Sugar factors (a) and (f), I accept the
respondent’s submission that the Application Mark’s services in Class 38 are
complementary to the respondent’s Class 9 goods. For instance, printers that
require connection to computers, and scales and balances that require
connection to computers and/or printers, would utilise services stipulated in
the Application Mark’s Class 38 specification, eg, “transmission of M2M
(machine-to-machine) data; transmission of IoT (internet of things) data” and
“wireless data network services for others, namely, electronic transmission of
data related to connectivity, device management, and memory storage via
wireless networks”. As a case in point, the respondent has sold scales or
weighing devices with wireless capabilities and which connect to other
products such as electronic labels or data storage and processing platforms
(ie, SM-5300 and SM-500V2 at [114] above).

164 Further, I agree that these telecommunications and connectivity services
in Class 38 may be marketed together with the respondent’s Class 9 goods. 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

RS at [111(b)].

For example, a notional fair use of the appellant’s Class 38 specification,
namely, “telematic services for sending of information, namely, providing
machine-to-machine (M2M) and internet of things (IoT) mobile-device management
(MDM) connectivity over long distances and/or remote locations” is to host a
cloud server on which customers may store data that they want to print
subsequently at a different location. This is the very service provided by
Fuji Xerox’s “Cloud On-demand Print” server. 160

##### Foot Note 160

×

Mr Kishi’s 1st Affidavit at p 155; RS at [104(b)].

That Fuji Xerox sells this service online confirms, directly, the overlap
between the trade channels of the respondent’s Class 9 goods, which include
online stores, and the appellant’s Class 38 services. More generally, however,
the complementary nature of the appellant’s Class 38 services and the
respondent’s Class 9 goods makes it likely for both to be sold through highly
similar trade channels (both physical and online) (British Sugar factor (d)).
To underscore this point, Mr Kishi’s First Affidavit contains multiple
examples of businesses advertising goods and complementary IoT-related
services together. Two such examples are: (a) Hanshow offering “integrated
Omni-channel solutions for retail stores with a collection of smart hardware
devices and management software”; 161

##### Foot Note 161

×

Mr Kishi’s 1st Affidavit at p 172; RS at [104(g)].

and (b) NCR offering “the software, hardware and services [customers] need” in
the areas of POS hardware and software, mobile and online ordering and
consumer engagement. 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

Mr Kishi’s 1st Affidavit at p 262; RS at [104(f)].

It follows from the foregoing that the respective “end users” of the
appellant’s services and the respondent’s goods will also be highly similar
(British Sugar factor (b)).

165 Accordingly, I reach the same conclusion as the Adjudicator, that there is
similarity between the appellant’s Class 38 specification and the respondent’s
Class 9 specification, albeit by a different route.

Class 42 v Class 9

166 The appellant’s Class 42 specification may be found at [A.4]. The
appellant has not made an amendment to the Class 42 specification equivalent
to that for Class 9. The Adjudicator applied the same reasoning for Classes 38
and 42 of the appellant’s specifications. In short, as the appellant’s Class
42 specification “closely correspond[s]” to its own Class 9 specification, the
former would overlap with the respondent’s Class 9 specification. The
respondent’s submissions on Class 38 apply equally to Class 42. 163

##### Foot Note 163

×

RS at [110]–[111].

167 With regards the British Sugar factors (a) and (f), my view on the
complementarity of the marks’ relevant specifications in the context of the
appellant’s Class 38 specification would apply equally to this comparison
between the appellant’s Class 42 services and the respondent’s Class 9 goods
(see [163] above). To take an example, printers that require connection to
computers, and scales and balances that require connection to computers and/or
printers, would utilise services stipulated in the Application Mark’s Class 42
specification, eg, the “integration of disparate computer systems, networks,
hardware and software through the application of wireless communication
technology to facilitate M2M and IoT communication via web based browsers,
personal digital assistants, mobile phones, embedded microprocessors, sensors
and other electronic devices”. It bears emphasising that the respondent has
sold scales or weighing devices with wireless capabilities and which connect
to other products such as electronic labels or data storage and processing
platforms (ie, SM-5300 and SM-500V2 at [114], [163] above). As a result, the
appellant’s Class 42 services will likely be sold through highly similar trade
channels (British Sugar factor (d); see [164] above) to highly similar end
users as the respondent’s Class 9 goods (British Sugar factor (b)).

168 The respondent cites the EUIPO Opposition Division decision Opposition No.
B 3 097 447 S.C. Dante International S.A. v Love Letters Limited 164

##### Foot Note 164

×

RBOA at Volume 3, Tab 22.

(“Dante International”) to buttress the similarity of the appellant’s Class 42
services and the respondent’s Class 9 goods. 165

##### Foot Note 165

×

RS at [115].

The EUIPO Opposition Division held that “notebook computers” in Class 9 were
similar to services in Class 42 such as “research and development of new
products for others” and “consultancy in the design and development of
computer hardware” as producers of computers and/or software would commonly
render such services. Relevantly, the EUIPO Opposition Division said that (at
p 4):

… for the contested research and development of new products for others;
computer programming; computer software design; updating of computer software;
consultancy in the design and development of computer hardware; maintenance of
computer software; providing information on computer technology and
programming via a web site, … in the field of computer science producers of
computers and/or software will also commonly render [these] computer and/or
software-related services (as a means of developing, designing and updating
the system, for example). Consequently, in spite of the fact that the nature
of the goods and services is not the same, it is likely that the end users
will think that they come from the same undertaking. The goods and services in
question are complementary and target the same public.

[emphasis in original in italics]

169 In the present case, the appellant’s Class 42 specification contains
highly similar services to those discussed in the excerpted passage in Dante
International, namely, “design and development of computer software and
middleware for others; computer network design for others, consulting with
regard to computer systems, computer network connectivity hardware and
computer network connectivity software and middleware; technical support
services, namely, troubleshooting and diagnosing computer system software and
computer network connectivity software and middleware; …; technical consulting
and assistance with computer-based information systems and components, namely,
technological consulting services in the field of datacenter architecture,
public and private cloud computing solutions, and evaluation and
implementation of Internet technology and services” (see [A.4] below). The
reasoning of the EUIPO Opposition Division confirms, inter alia, that these
Class 42 services are “complementary [to] and target the same public [as]”
related Class 9 goods. The corollary of this is that these goods and services
will be marketed via highly similar trade channels. Dante International
underscores my earlier views on the British Sugar factors at [167] above.

170 As such, I find that the appellant’s Class 42 services and the
respondent’s Class 9 goods are similar, albeit for different reasons to the
Adjudicator.

Conclusion on goods and services similarity

171 Based on the foregoing, I am satisfied that there is similarity between
the Class 9 specification of the Respondent’s Mark (Singapore) and the
specifications in Classes 9, 38 and 42 in which the Application Mark is sought
to be registered.

Is there a likelihood of confusion?

172 The likelihood of confusion inquiry directs the court to look at (a) how
similar the marks are; (b) how similar the goods or services are; and (c)
given this, how likely it is that the relevant segment of the public will be
confused as to the origin of the appellant and respondent’s goods and services
(Staywell at [55]; Hai Tong at [73]). At (c), the test to be adopted in
determining whether a likelihood of confusion exists is whether a substantial
portion of the relevant public will be confused. This standard is above de
minimis and must be appreciable, though it is not necessary to show that a
majority of the public is confused (Sarika Connoisseur Cafe Pte Ltd v Ferrero
SpA [2013] 1 SLR 531 (“Sarika”) at [57]). It is also useful to set out the
Court of Appeal’s exposition of what confusion as to the origin of the
parties’ goods and services entails in Hai Tong at [74]:

Indeed, the authorities are clear that there are at least two specific aspects
to the element of confusion. The first is mistaking one mark for another, so
that the perception of the relevant segment of the public is that the
allegedly infringing mark is in fact the same as the registered mark. In
short, in this context, the relevant segment of the public may not even
perceive that there are two distinct marks. The second is where the relevant
segment of the public may well perceive that the contesting marks are
different, but may yet remain confused as to the origin which each mark
signifies and may perceive that goods bearing the earlier registered mark and
those bearing the later allegedly infringing mark emanate from the same source
that has chosen to diversify its range of marks for any of a multitude of
marketing or promotional reasons or that the two sets of goods emanate from
sources that are economically linked or associated.

173 It bears re-iterating that under s 8(2)(b) of the TMA, the inquiry takes
into account the actual and notional fair uses of both the opponent’s mark and
the application mark in respect of their specifications (Staywell at [60]). As
summarised by the Court of Appeal in Ceramiche Caesar SpA v Caesarstone Sdot-
Yam Ltd [2017] 2 SLR 308 at [56], the factors relevant to the confusion
inquiry are:

(a) factors relating to the impact of marks-similarity on consumer perception:
(i) the degree of similarity of the marks themselves; (ii) the reputation of
the marks; (iii) the impression given by the marks; and (iv) the possibility
of imperfect recollection of the marks (Staywell at [96(a)]); and

(b) factors relating to the impact of goods-similarity on consumer perception:
(i) the normal way in or the circumstances under which consumers would
purchase goods of that type; (ii) whether the products are expensive or
inexpensive items; (iii) the nature of the goods and whether they would tend
to command a greater or lesser degree of fastidiousness and attention on the
part of prospective purchasers; and (iv) the likely characteristics of the
relevant consumers and whether they would or would not tend to apply care or
have specialist knowledge in making the purchase (Staywell at [96(b)]).

[emphasis in original in italics]

174 I begin with the question of who the relevant public is. The relevant
public is the segment of the public comprising the actual or potential
purchasers of the goods or services of the appellant and respondent and those
who deal with these goods (Ng-Loy Wee Loon, Law of Intellectual Property of
Singapore (Sweet & Maxwell, 2nd Ed, 2014) (“Ng-Loy”) at para 21.5.27). I
accept that the relevant public is the general public in Singapore. I can
envisage the notional fair uses of both parties’ goods and services being
purchased by sophisticated customers and the general public. I therefore
reject the appellant’s contention that the relevant public is confined to
“OEMs” (see [49] above).

175 With this in mind, I turn to the confusion inquiry proper.

176 I first consider the overall degree of similarity of the competing marks.
In this regard, the Adjudicator held that the “aural, visual and conceptual
similarity in the marks, bearing the same sound and letters and similar
triangular device, significantly increase the likelihood of confusion” (GD at
[66]). To this, the respondent adds that the competing marks are, in totality,
similar to a high degree and that their common denominators (ie, the word
“DIGI” and triangle device) would give the relevant public the impression that
there is an economic link between the goods and services provided under each
mark. The respondent also emphasises the well-known status of the Respondent’s
Mark (Singapore) and its technical distinctiveness (both inherent and
acquired). Given the imperfect recollection of the relevant public, the
differences between the competing marks will be barely perceptible and the
relevant public will believe that the Application Mark is a modern evolution
of the Respondent’s Mark (Singapore). 166

##### Foot Note 166

×

RS at [130].

177 I agree with the respondent that the competing marks are, overall, similar
to a high degree. This conclusion flows from my earlier findings that the
marks are aurally identical, conceptually similar to a high degree and
visually similar to a fair degree.

178 I next consider the degree of similarity of the goods and services under
the competing marks’ specifications. I accept that the goods in the
Respondent’s Mark’s (Singapore) Class 9 specification and the goods and
services in the Application Mark’s Specifications in Classes 9, 38 and 42 have
different functional purposes. While the Application Mark’s goods and services
enable M2M communication and network connectivity, the Respondent’s Mark’s
(Singapore) goods are for weighing, measuring and/or printing. However, given
the complementarity of the Application Mark’s Specifications and the
Respondent’s Mark’s (Singapore) specification, the fact that these goods
and/or services are likely sold through highly similar trade channels and to
highly similar end-users, I find that the specifications of the competing
marks have a moderate degree of similarity.

179 Finally, I arrive at the crucial question of whether there is a likelihood
of confusion given the high and moderate degree of similarity of the competing
marks’ and their specifications respectively. I structure my analysis
according to two broad factors which the Adjudicator discussed and the
respondent submitted on.

Mode of purchase

180 First, the Adjudicator considered the relevance of the mode of purchase of
the parties’ goods and services. She said at [66] that “[t]he goods and
services may also be sold online or may be purchased physically in person at a
shop. The aural, visual and conceptual similarity in the marks, bearing the
same sound and letters and similar triangular device, significantly increase
the likelihood of confusion.” The respondent builds on this by arguing that
these modes of purchase would cause the visual similarities of the marks to
assume greater importance. 167

##### Foot Note 167

×

RS at [134].

The differences in the marks are insufficient to dispel the risk of confusion.
In particular, for online purchases, the respondent cites Hai Tong at [53] for
the proposition that the textual component of the marks would be the “most
important”. Since both the Application Mark and Respondent’s Mark (Singapore)
have the same textual component, this significantly increases the likelihood
of confusion. 168

##### Foot Note 168

×

RS at [135].

181 I agree with the Adjudicator that the Application Mark’s goods and
services and the Respondent’s Mark’s (Singapore) goods would be sold through
both physical and online stores (see [151] above).

182 With regards sales in physical stores, I accept that the relative
significance of the visual similarity of the competing marks is high. However,
the aural similarity of the competing marks is also important as consumers
would use “DIGI” as an identifier when making enquiries in a shop. The
competing marks’ fair visual similarity and aural identity must also be
appreciated in the light of the fact that the distinctiveness of the
Respondent’s Mark (Singapore) has been enhanced to a moderate degree through
use (see [118] above). Accordingly, the differences between the triangle
devices in the competing marks are insufficient to dispel the impression of
similarity in the average consumer’s mind. In fact, I believe the Adjudicator
hit the nail on the head when she said at [48] that:

… adopting the position of an average consumer with an imperfect recollection,
it would be understandable if a consumer considered the [appellant’s]
Application Mark to be similar to, like a more modernised version of, the
[Respondent’s Mark (Singapore)].

[emphasis added]

Consequently, there is a likelihood of consumers being confused as to whether
goods bearing the Respondent’s Mark (Singapore) and goods and services offered
under the Application Mark emanate from the same source.

183 With regards online stores, I have difficulty agreeing with the
respondent’s point that the focus on the competing marks’ common textual
component would significantly increase the likelihood of confusion (see [180]
above). At [94], I concluded that the word “DIGI” is descriptive when seen in
the context of the Respondent’s Mark’s (Singapore) Class 9 specification. As
such, if it is true that the textual component becomes the “most important”
element in online purchases, the likelihood of origin-based confusion may be
low.

184 However, although Hai Tong at [53] states that the textual component of a
composite mark is generally dominant where goods or services bearing the mark
are marketed and sold predominantly through online trade channels, I do not
think I can discount the composite whole of the competing marks entirely. This
is because in the context of the goods and services in the Application Mark’s
specifications and the goods in the Respondent’s Mark’s (Singapore)
specification, it is not uncommon for online stores to display the marks used
on the goods or in connection with the services being sold, or to provide
photographs of the actual goods which allow online consumers to observe the
mark on the good itself. As such, the high degree of similarity of the
composite whole of the competing marks remains relevant and reinforces the
likelihood of confusion in the online sphere.

Nature of goods

185 On this front, the Adjudicator held at [66] of the GD that the goods sold
by the parties cover a broad price range, with the simpler and less expensive
products being more likely to be purchased by individuals who would generally
have less specialised needs and knowledge and who would pay less attention in
the distinction when selecting the products for purchase. The respondent
agrees with this observation.

186 I likewise concur with the Adjudicator’s view. Notionally, the appellant’s
goods and services and the respondent’s goods may involve high-end and complex
technology on one end of the spectrum, and low-end and simple technology on
the other. Put another way, the parties may provide both expensive and
inexpensive goods and services.

187 However, even for the general public purchasing the parties’ relatively
inexpensive goods and services for household or personal use, it cannot be
gainsaid that these are technical products. It would not be unusual for the
average consumer to perform some research or comparisons in the market before
completing their purchase. For “highly technical products”, a higher degree of
similarity between contesting marks might have to be shown to warrant a
finding of likely confusion (Hai Tong at [85(c)(i)]). Considering the fact
that these goods and services for household use are unlikely to be highly
technical, and that the competing marks are highly similar overall, I am
satisfied that there is a likelihood of confusion among the general public.
Further, the general public would be less fastidious when making their
purchase as compared to the segment of the relevant public comprising
sophisticated consumers.

188 This leads me to consider the likelihood of confusion among the segment of
the relevant public comprising sophisticated consumers such as business
consumers, IT professionals and IT enthusiasts. This segment of the relevant
public would apply a greater degree of fastidiousness and specialised
knowledge when conducting their purchases. This is especially so as I think
that both parties’ goods and services would involve a not insignificant
capital outlay by businesses looking to setup their IoT or network
connectivity infrastructure and/or purchase electronic scales and balances and
printers in bulk. However, even for this segment of the relevant public, the
fact remains that the competing marks are aurally identical, visually and
conceptually similar, and overall similar to a high degree. The specifications
of the competing marks are also similar to a moderate degree as the goods
and/or services therein are complementary in their uses and are likely to be
sold through highly similar trade channels to highly similar end-users. In my
judgment, there is still a likelihood of confusion in this segment of the
relevant public, even if to a lower degree than among the general public.

189 To summarise my findings thus far, I am satisfied that (a) the marks are
overall similar to a high degree; (b) the marks’ specifications are similar to
a moderate degree; (c) the modes of purchase (both physical and online) point
towards a likelihood of confusion; and (d) there is a likelihood of confusion
despite the technical nature of the goods. On the whole, I am satisfied that
there exists a likelihood of confusion among a substantial portion of the
relevant public. I will now consider some remaining arguments advanced by the
appellant to dispel the likelihood of confusion.

Relevance of Australian Registrar’s Decision

190 The appellant further argues that the Australian Registrar’s Decision
supports its position that there is no likelihood of confusion in Singapore.
169

##### Foot Note 169

×

AFS at [36]–[38].

191 However, for the reason set out at [107] above, I find the Australian
Registrar’s Decision to be unpersuasive. My conclusion on the issue of the
likelihood of confusion remains unchanged.

Relevance of co-existence of the Appellant’s DIGI-related Marks (Singapore) in
Singapore, the appellant’s other marks around the world and the Application
Mark in the Overlapping Territories

192 The appellant also submits that the long period of co-existence of the
parties’ marks after the 2002 Agreement (in Singapore and outside of
Singapore) and the ongoing co-existence of marks identical to the Application
Mark and Respondent’s Mark (Singapore) in the Overlapping Territories supports
the conclusion that there will be no likelihood of confusion among the
relevant public. 170

##### Foot Note 170

×

AS at [102].

193 First, as a general point, I do not regard the state of the register prior
to the application to register the Application Mark, in Singapore or outside
Singapore, to be relevant. British Sugar supports this position. That case
concerned a trade mark infringement claim. The plaintiff’s mark, “Treat”, was
registered for “[d]essert sauces and syrups”. The defendant had used
“Robertson’s Toffee Treat” for a toffee flavoured spread. At issue was the
distinctiveness of the “Treat” mark. Jacob J reasoned as follows (at 305):

Both sides invited me to have regard to the state of the register. Some
traders have registered marks consisting of or incorporating the word “Treat”.
I do not think this assists the factual inquiry one way or the other, save
perhaps to confirm that this is the sort of word in which traders would like a
monopoly. In particular the state of the register does not tell you what is
actually happening out in the market and in any event one has no idea what the
circumstances were which led the registrar to put the marks concerned on the
register. It has long been held under the old Act that comparison with other
marks on the register is in principle irrelevant when considering a particular
mark tendered for registration, see e.g. MADAME Trade Mark26 and the same must
be true under the 1994 Act. I disregard the state of the register evidence.

[emphasis added]

194 Second, in particular connection to the argument that the identical
iterations of the Application Mark and Respondent’s Mark (Singapore) co-exist
in the Overlapping Territories, I agree with the respondent that it is
entitled to elect which jurisdiction(s) to contest the registration of the
Application Mark in. 171

##### Foot Note 171

×

RRS at [54].

This is a multi-faceted commercial decision which I am not in a position to
question. As such, the co-existence of identical iterations of the Application
Mark and Respondent’s Mark (Singapore) in other jurisdictions merely shows
that the respondent has chosen not to oppose the Application Mark’s
registration in those jurisdictions.

Conclusion on likelihood of confusion

195 For the foregoing reasons, I find that there is a likelihood of confusion
among a substantial portion of the relevant public. I affirm the Adjudicator’s
finding that the ground of opposition under s 8(2)(b) of the TMA succeeds.

Whether the ground of opposition under s 8(7)(a) of the TMA is made out?

196 To succeed on the ground of opposition under s 8(7)(a) of the TMA, the
respondent must establish the three elements of passing off: (a) goodwill; (b)
misrepresentation; and (c) likelihood of damage to goodwill (Novelty at [37]
and affirmed in Singsung at [28]).

Goodwill

197 Goodwill has been described as “the attractive force which brings in
custom” (The Commissioners of Inland Revenue v Muller & Co’s Margarine,
Limited [1901] AC 217 at 224, cited in The Singapore Professional Golfers’
Association v Chen Eng Waye and others [2013] 2 SLR 495 (“SPGA”) at [21]; The
Audience Motivation Company Asia Pte Ltd v AMC Live Group China (S) Pte Ltd
[2016] 3 SLR 517 (“AMC”) at [81]). Goodwill is often proved by evidence,
including that of the trader’s sales and the expenses incurred in promoting
his goods and services in association with the mark or brand that they bear
(SPGA at [22]; Tuitiongenius Pte Ltd v Toh Yew Keat and another [2021] 1 SLR
231 (“Tuitiongenius”) at [85]). In this element, the court is only concerned
with whether there is goodwill in the respondent’s business. The question of
whether the Respondent’s Mark (Singapore) is sufficiently associated with the
respondent’s business should be dealt with, as a matter of analytical clarity,
as a threshold issue under the element of misrepresentation (Tuitiongenius at
[83]; AMC at [88]).

198 The Adjudicator held that the evidence of the Respondent’s Singapore
Subsidiary’s sales and expenses incurred in promoting the goods and services
in association with the Respondent’s Mark (Singapore) in Singapore was
sufficient to establish its goodwill in Singapore (GD at [71]). She noted that
the appellant did not advance any contrary evidence to refute the
respondent’s. 172

##### Foot Note 172

×

Applicant’s Written Submissions before Registry at [48]–[53]; BOD at Tab 13.

199 In its submissions before me, the appellant did not directly challenge the
existence of the respondent’s goodwill, save for arguing that no element of
passing off is made out when one considers the co-existence of the Appellant’s
DIGI-related Marks (Singapore) and the Respondent’s Mark (Singapore) in
Singapore. I deal with the relevance of such co-existence at [214]–[222]
below.

200 In light of the evidence at [105] above, particularly the respondent’s
revenue figures in Singapore, I have no doubt that the element of goodwill is
established. I am fortified in my decision by the SUM 2178/2020 evidence (see
[114], [142] above), including the portions which pertain to goods and
services beyond the scope of the Respondent’s Mark’s (Singapore) Class 9
specification. In Mr Kishi’s First Affidavit, he states that the respondent
has “continuously and extensively provided … cloud services” and “[g]oods and
systems incorporated with wireless capabilities” [emphasis in original in
underline]. 173

##### Foot Note 173

×

Mr Kishi’s 1st Affidavit at pp 5–7 [15]–[22].

Mr Kishi also claims that the respondent’s Singapore sales figures for the
set-up and maintenance of its cloud services (excluding figures for goods that
are built with these cloud capabilities) rose from approximately $26,000 in
2011 to $165,000 in 2016, and that its Singapore sales figures for its
wireless goods and services rose from approximately $16,000 in 2011 to $88,000
in 2016. 174

##### Foot Note 174

×

Mr Kishi’s 1st Affidavit at p 6 [20].

I place reliance on supporting documentary evidence, viz, the respondent’s
brochures, invoices and/or records from the Respondent’s Singapore
Subsidiary’s accounting system, in both Mr Kishi’s First Affidavit and Mr
Heng’s statutory declaration to find, at least, that the following examples of
the Respondent’s Wireless Goods and IoT services were sold in Singapore:

(a) The Delious Cloud, which provides centralised management of sales,
purchasing and attendance at food and beverage establishments. The Delious
Cloud allows users to track shop performance in real time, access data
anywhere and transmit and manage data and to perform label design. This is one
example of the respondent’s IoT services; 175

##### Foot Note 175

×

Mr Kishi’s 1st Affidavit at pp 406, 416–420, 478–480, 508.

and

(b) The Delious Pico POS terminal (“the Delious Pico”), which caters to food
and beverage businesses and comes with, inter alia, a built-in receipt
printer. The Delious Pico is connected to the Delious Cloud to consolidate
reports for multiple outlets for management and monitoring remotely online.
This is one example of the Respondent’s Wireless Goods. 176

##### Foot Note 176

×

Mr Kishi’s 1st Affidavit at pp 431–438, 456–461, 468–567.

201 These sales of the Respondent’s Wireless Goods and IoT services in
Singapore buttress its goodwill here.

Misrepresentation

202 The element of misrepresentation requires proof that the appellant’s goods
and services will be held out to be, or to be connected with, the respondent’s
business, thereby giving rise to confusion (Novelty at [77]; AMC at [86];
Tuitiongenius at [88]). In connection with this, the threshold issue is
whether the respondent’s goodwill is sufficiently associated with the
Respondent’s Mark (Singapore). Sufficient association will be established if
the respondent can show that the Respondent’s Mark (Singapore) is distinctive
of its business (see AMC at [87]–[88]; Hai Tong at [115]), such that the
relevant public views that mark as an indicator of origin (see Rovio at [172];
Tuitiongenius at [88]).

203 The threshold requirement of distinctiveness is met given my findings at
[118]. My conclusion that the Respondent’s Mark (Singapore) acquired a
moderate degree of distinctiveness is bolstered by the fact that the
Respondent’s Wireless Goods and IoT services (which fall outside of the
Respondent’s Mark’s (Singapore) Class 9 specification) set out at [200] above
were sold in Singapore by reference to the Respondent’s Mark (Singapore). 177

##### Foot Note 177

×

Mr Kishi’s 1st Affidavit at pp 416–420, 478–480, 508 (Delious Cloud); pp
433–436 (Delious Pico).

204 Preliminarily, the appellant first submits that the respondent consented
to its registration of the Application Mark by virtue of the 2002 Agreement.
As such, there is no element of deceit by way of the appellant trying to steal
the respondent’s goodwill surreptitiously (Tuitiongenius at [99]). This
argument fails as I have already found at [83] above that the respondent
provided no such consent under the 2002 Agreement.

Likelihood of confusion amongst the relevant public

205 I am of the view that the appellant’s use of the Application Mark in
connection with its goods and services would falsely represent that these
goods and services and the respondent’s goods emanate from the same source
(see [182] above).

206 The remaining, but essential, question is whether the misrepresentation
would lead to confusion amongst ordinary sensible members of the relevant
public (Asia Pacific Publishing Pte Ltd v Pioneers & Leaders (Publishers) Pte
Ltd [2011] 4 SLR 381 at [123]; SPGA at [41]–[42]). Actual confusion is not
required for a passing off action to succeed. The likelihood of confusion
amongst a substantial proportion of the relevant public is sufficient (Novelty
at [77]).

207 In passing off, the relevant public was described by the Court of Appeal
in Novelty as persons who are actual or potential customers of the plaintiff
in the passing off action who have goodwill vis-à-vis the plaintiff’s
mark/name/get-up (Novelty at [73] and [75]). Subsequently, in SPGA at [43],
the Court of Appeal stated that the relevant public “typically is that segment
of the public in which the claimant’s goodwill actually or potentially,
directly or indirectly subsists” [emphasis added]. Sundaresh Menon CJ
elaborated as follows (at [49]):

… it is evident that the relevant segment of the public would consist of all
those persons who have an actual or potential interest, whether directly or
indirectly, in the claimant’s products, services or activities. These would be
persons who are drawn to the claimant, or who seek the claimant when making
their decisions on goods or services that are or may reasonably be believed to
be of the sort that the claimant is engaged in …

208 The respondent submits that the relevant public comprises “the businesses
and individuals in the [r]espondent’s trade in the retail, food, logistics,
and hospitality industry.” 178

##### Foot Note 178

×

RS at [172].

Conspicuously, this omits members of the general public who form part of the
relevant public under s 8(2)(b) TMA (see [174] above). As the respondent has
not shown nor argued that its line of goods includes inexpensive consumer-
grade products, I proceed on the basis that the general public does not
comprise its potential customers and therefore is not part of the relevant
public in passing off. However, I do not think the relevant public is confined
to the trade customers in the retail, food, logistics and hospitality
industries. Applying Menon CJ’s pronouncements in SPGA at [43] and [49], the
relevant public includes trade customers in other industries in which the
claimant’s goodwill potentially, directly or indirectly subsists.

209 The test for a misrepresentation which creates a likelihood of confusion
is substantially the same as that for “likelihood of confusion” under s
8(2)(b) of the TMA (Ferrero SPA v Sarika Connoisseur Café Ptd Ltd [2011] SGHC
176 at [212]; Sarika at [77]). I have earlier found at [195] that there is a
likelihood of confusion under s 8(2)(b) of the TMA. I re-iterate my finding at
[188] that even among sophisticated consumers like business consumers, IT
professionals and IT enthusiasts, there is a likelihood of confusion.

210 The SUM 2178/2020 evidence, pertaining to goods and services falling
outside of the Respondent’s Mark’s (Singapore) Class 9 specification, is also
relevant to the confusion inquiry in s 8(7)(a) of the TMA (see [144] above).
As explained at [200] and [203] above, this further evidence confirms sales of
the Respondent’s Wireless Goods and IoT services in Singapore by reference to
the Respondent’s Mark (Singapore).

211 Taking the SUM 2178/2020 evidence into account, there is a high degree of
proximity in the parties’ fields of activity. Not only are the parties’ goods
complementary (see [152], [163] and [167] above), the very nature of the goods
and services they offer are now in competition. In particular, the respondent
has begun to provide services that create an IoT ecosystem by, inter alia,
facilitating M2M communication and centralised data management (eg, the
Delious Cloud software at [200(a)] above). Such services are highly similar,
in my view, to the appellant’s goods and services which “[provide] the
essential layer of [M2M] communications, and the remote monitoring and
management of devices that critical applications depend on.” 179

##### Foot Note 179

×

Mr Mauer’s SD at p 2 [5].

212 Additionally, while the appellant claims not to directly compete with the
respondent in the retail, food, logistics and hospitality industries, 180

##### Foot Note 180

×

Steve Mauer’s 2nd Affidavit of 13 July 2020 (“Mr Mauer’s 2nd Affidavit”) at p
7 [15].

I find this hard to accept. The statutory declaration of Mr Mauer disclosed
brochures featuring products by the appellant which are catered for these
industries. Although I subsequently observe at [221(b)] that there is no
evidence that these brochures have been viewed or distributed in Singapore, or
of sales in Singapore of the goods featured in the brochures, the point on my
difficulty in accepting the appellant’s position remains. The goods featured
in these brochures include:

(a) Edgeport, a USB-to-serial converter that makes it easy to add serial and
USB ports to a PC, server, or thin client. It is designed for “peripheral
device connectivity in retail stations, self check-out systems, …, kiosks,
ATMs and more” [emphasis added]. Possible applications include connecting a PC
to credit card readers, bar-code scanners, receipt printers, touch screen
monitors, pole displays and voucher checkers. While not explicitly stated in
the appellant’s product brochure, I can envisage Edgeport being relevant in
the hospitality industry as well. The Appellant’s Singapore Subsidiary is
named at the bottom right of the last page of the Edgeport product brochure;
181

##### Foot Note 181

×

Mr Mauer’s SD at pp 208–211.

(b) DIGI Connect SP, a serial server that enables plug and play device network
as well as custom networking applications. Possible applications include
connecting an information management system, via DIGI Connect SP, to a deli
scale. While not explicitly stated in the appellant’s product brochure, I can
envisage this product having applications in the food industry. The
Appellant’s Singapore Subsidiary is named at the bottom right of the last page
of the DIGI Connect SP product brochure; 182

##### Foot Note 182

×

Mr Mauer’s SD at pp 245–247.

and

(c) Portserver TS connects multiple serial devices over industry standard
Ethernet. “Target applications include retail/point-of-sale, building control
and medical point-of-care.” Possible applications include connecting a PC
server to bar-code scanners and credit card readers. The Appellant’s Singapore
Subsidiary is named at the bottom right of the last page of the Portserver TS
product brochure. 183

##### Foot Note 183

×

Mr Mauer’s SD at pp 235–237.

213 Evidently, there is both (a) a high degree of similarity in the nature of
the parties’ goods and services; and, (b) an overlap in the industries they
target. It also bears emphasising that the parties’ goods and/or services are
distributed through highly similar trade channels, as is evidenced by several
real-life examples found in Mr Kishi’s First Affidavit (see [151], [164]
above). Therefore, even though the relevant public comprises sophisticated
consumers, given the extremely close proximity of the parties’ fields of
business, compounded by the high degree of similarity of the competing marks
(see [177] above), and low inherent distinctiveness but moderate acquired
distinctiveness of the Respondent’s Mark (Singapore) (see [118] above), I find
that there is a likelihood of confusion amongst the relevant public. The
element of misrepresentation is made out. I should also state that the very
fact that the parties’ entered into the 2002 Agreement and 2003 Canadian
Settlement Agreement to demarcate a scope of goods and services for each party
is telling. They must have recognised the likelihood of confusion in the
market if both traded under “DIGI” related marks.

Relevance of registration and use of the Appellant’s DIGI-related Marks
(Singapore) in Singapore

214 The appellant submits that “the specifications of the [Appellant’s DIGI-
related Marks (Singapore)] are relevant to disprove [the respondent’s] claims
concerning goodwill, misrepresentation and damage.” 184

##### Foot Note 184

×

AFS at [44].

If the respondent did not oppose the registration of these marks, then it must
mean that the use of these earlier marks would not constitute passing off. It
is therefore inconsistent for the respondent to say that the use of the
Application Mark is passing off as it seeks registration for similar
specifications and the Application Mark and Appellant’s DIGI-related Marks
(Singapore) contain the word “DIGI”. 185

##### Foot Note 185

×

AFS at [44].

215 One issue is whether the existence of the Appellant’s DIGI-related Marks
(Singapore) on the register is relevant to this ground of opposition. I need
only refer to Jacob J’s pronouncement in British Sugar (see [193] above) to
conclude that reliance on the register in the manner described in the
preceding paragraph is generally irrelevant. These marks’ registrations leave
us none the wiser as to “what the circumstances were which led the registrar
to put the marks concerned on the register” and “what is actually happening
out in the market”. Therefore, even if the appellant is right that the
specifications of the Application Mark are, in substance, similar to
specifications of the Appellant’s DIGI-related Marks (Singapore) (see [51]
above), this does not assist its case.

216 However, the question of whether the appellant’s prior use (if any) of the
Appellant’s DIGI-related Marks (Singapore) is relevant in the passing off
inquiry is an interesting one. The respondent makes two points. First, the
respondent cites the EU Court of First Instance (“CFI”) decision Grupo Sada,
pa, SA v OHIM Case T-31/03, ECLI:EU:T:2005:169 (“Grupo”) for the proposition
that for such co-existence of earlier marks on the market to reduce the
likelihood of confusion, the appellant here must demonstrate that such co-
existence was “based upon the absence of any likelihood of confusion ….and…
that the earlier marks concerned and the marks at issue are identical” (Grupo
at [86]). 186

##### Foot Note 186

×

RFS at [14].

The appellant is unable to satisfy either of these requirements. In
particular, the respondent highlights that there are not “inconsequential”
differences between the Appellant’s DIGI-related Marks (Singapore) and the
Application Mark. Alternatively, if the use of the Appellant’s DIGI-related
Marks (Singapore) is relevant, the respondent submits that the appellant
“failed to provide any supporting evidence relating to sales and advertising
of its products and services” in Singapore. 187

##### Foot Note 187

×

RFS at [18].

Such insufficiency of evidence precludes the appellant from claiming
concurrent goodwill. 188

##### Foot Note 188

×

RFS at [32].

217 With regards reducing the likelihood of confusion, the two requirements
laid down in Grupo are that (a) the co-existence of the earlier marks and the
Respondent’s Mark (Singapore) must be based upon the absence of any likelihood
of confusion; and (b) that the earlier marks concerned and the marks at issue
are identical. In a similar vein (although I make no finding as to whether
both Grupo requirements should be followed in Singapore), the Court of Appeal
in Super Coffeemix Manufacturing Ltd v Unico Trading Pte Ltd and another and
another appeal [2000] 2 SLR(R) 214 (“Super Coffeemix”) made the following
observation. In that case, the Court of Appeal upheld the judge’s dismissal of
the plaintiff’s claim for passing off as the plaintiff was found to have no
goodwill in Singapore or acquired distinctiveness in respect of the mark
“COFFEEMIX” (at [58], [60]–[61]). The Court of Appeal then went on to state
(at [64]):

In this regard, there is a further point we wish to make. It relates to both
the elements of misrepresentation and damage. From July 1993, when the
defendants’ product appeared on the market, up to the date of the trial, was a
period of more than five and a half years. Yet there is no evidence that
during that long period any consumer had been deceived, having bought
“INDOCAFE Coffeemix” when he was thinking of “SUPER COFFEEMIX”. This shows
that either the consumers were not bothered which particular brands of
coffeemix they purchased or they were more discerning than the plaintiffs are
prepared to accept.

[emphasis added]

218 While absence of evidence of actual confusion is not fatal to a claim for
passing off (Singsung at [40]), Super Coffeemix demonstrates that the prior
use of the Appellant’s DIGI-related Marks (Singapore) in Singapore may, in
this case, preclude the finding that there is likelihood of confusion when no
confusion in the market has been shown.

219 Nevertheless, in my judgment, the appellant’s reliance on the prior use of
the Appellant’s DIGI-related Marks (Singapore) in Singapore fails on a more
fundamental level. Namely, there is insufficient evidence to establish prior
use of these marks in Singapore.

220 The respondent stresses that the appellant “failed to provide any
supporting evidence relating to sales and advertising of its products and
services” in Singapore under the Appellant’s DIGI-related Marks (Singapore).

221 Having carefully considered the appellant’s evidence alongside the
respondent’s submissions, I agree with the respondent. Generally, the
appellant’s evidence of use of the Appellant’s DIGI-related Marks (Singapore)
or advertisement of goods and services offered under these marks in Singapore
is deficient in these respects:

(a) The evidence relates to use of these marks outside of Singapore, or does
not clearly evidence use in Singapore (eg, the location of tradeshow or
conference is unspecified and unknown). 189

##### Foot Note 189

×

See for example Mr Mauer’s SD at pp 1699, 1700, 1703, 1720, 1725, 1743–1745,
1751, 1752 1755, 1759–1761.

(b) The appellant disclosed brochures of its goods and/or services bearing the
Appellant’s DIGI-related Marks (Singapore). 190

##### Foot Note 190

×

See for example Mr Mauer’s SD at pp 316–319.

However, although these brochures identify the Appellant’s Singapore
Subsidiary, there is no evidence that these brochures have been viewed or
distributed in Singapore, or of sales in Singapore of the goods and/or
services featured in the brochures (“no evidence of Advertisement or Sales in
Singapore”).

In fact, the appellant also adduced similar brochures featuring goods and/or
services bearing the Application Mark. 191

##### Foot Note 191

×

See for example Mr Mauer’s SD at pp 21–23.

These latter brochures identify the Appellant’s Singapore Subsidiary. However,
there is similarly no evidence of Advertisement or Sales in Singapore in
connection with these brochures.

(c) The appellant’s evidence of having advertised goods and services under the
Appellant’s DIGI-related Marks (Singapore) does not clearly show that any
advertising expenditure was incurred on advertisements in Singapore, or which
were targeted at and viewed by the relevant public in Singapore. 192

##### Foot Note 192

×

Mr Mauer’s SD at p 9 [15], Exhibits I-1, I-2, I-3.

222 I note that Mr Mauer’s statutory declaration states that the appellant’s
annual revenue in Singapore for goods and services offered under the
Appellant’s DIGI-related Marks (Singapore) rose from $4,955,244 in 2011 to
$8,244,566.40 in 2016. 193

##### Foot Note 193

×

Mr Mauer’s SD at p 10 [16].

However, as no supporting documents (eg, invoices) were exhibited to
substantiate these figures, I am unable to ascribe them any weight.

223 In these premises, the appellant’s argument, that prior use of its DIGI-
related Marks (Singapore) in Singapore disproves the elements of passing off,
fails. In addition, for the reasons stated at [221] and [222], the appellant
cannot rely on the defence of concurrent goodwill to resist the ground of
opposition under s 8(7)(a) TMA.

Damage

224 A misrepresentation is actionable only if it has caused or is likely to
cause damage to a plaintiff’s goodwill (Tuitiongenius at [101]; AMC at [94];
Novelty at [94]). Examples of cases where damage in the form of diversion of
sales or custom has been recognised include:

(a) Hai Tong, where the Court of Appeal at [118] found that there was real
likelihood of damage to the appellant’s goodwill arising from the diversion of
sales of “Lady Rose” products if consumers of the relevant segment of the
public were led to believe that “Rose Lady” cosmetic products were the goods
of the appellant or were otherwise associated with or connected with the
appellant. Such a likelihood of damage arose given that the parties were in
direct competition, the parties’ mark and sign were similar and there was a
likelihood of confusion in relation to the trade mark infringement claim.

(b) In Singsung at [87], the Court of Appeal found that the appellant’s
goodwill would be adversely affected through a diversion of custom, given that
the appellant and respondent were competing in exactly the same line of
products and in the same export jurisdictions.

225 The Adjudicator held that there was a real tangible risk of the
respondent’s goodwill being adversely affected through a diversion of custom.
Her conclusion was based on her earlier findings that the competing marks were
similar (aurally, visually and conceptually), the products and services
covered by the competing marks were similar and there was a likelihood of
confusion (GD at [75]).

226 In light of the authorities cited at [224], I likewise find that there is
a likelihood of damage to the appellant’s goodwill in the form of diversion of
custom. Most pertinently, I have held that the parties’ businesses are in
competition (see [211] above), that their marks share a high degree of overall
similarity (see [177] above), and that there is a likelihood of confusion
among the relevant public that the appellant’s goods and services emanate from
the same source as the respondent’s goods.

227 In conclusion, I uphold the Adjudicator’s finding that the ground of
opposition under s 8(7)(a) of the TMA succeeds.

Whether the ground of opposition in s 8(4)(b)(i) of the TMA, read with s
8(4)(a), is made out?

228 Tay Yong Kwang J (as he then was) in Formula One Licensing BV v Idea
Marketing SA [2015] 5 SLR 1349 at [107] summarised the elements that must be
proven in order to establish the ground of opposition under s 8(4)(b)(i) TMA:

(a) the whole or an essential part of the application mark is identical with
or similar to an earlier trade mark;

(b) the earlier trade mark is well known in Singapore;

(c) use of the application mark on goods or services that it is to be
registered for will indicate a connection between those goods or services and
the proprietor of the earlier trade mark; and

(d) there is likely to be damage to the interests of the proprietor of the
earlier trade mark.

229 The first two elements are uncontroversial. The court in Rovio at [146]
clarified that despite the different language used to describe the marks
similarity requirement in ss 8(4) and 8(2)(b) of the TMA, there is no
difference in substance between the marks similarity analysis in these two
provisions. I repeat my finding, under s 8(2)(b) TMA, that the competing marks
are similar to a high degree (see [177] above). As for the requirement that
the Respondent’s Mark (Singapore) is well known in Singapore, the appellant is
not challenging this element on appeal. The SUM 2178/2020 evidence, including
portions which pertain to goods and services falling outside of the
Respondent’s Mark’s (Singapore) Class 9 Specification, also strengthens the
reputation of the Respondent’s Mark (Singapore). This further evidence shows
that the respondent used the Respondent’s Mark (Singapore) on its Wireless
Goods and IoT services in Singapore prior to the filing of the Application
Mark, thereby increasing the extent of its use here. Having regard to the
principles and factors in ss 2(1), 2(7)–2(9) TMA (see [33] above), and the
evidence of the use of the Respondent’s Mark (Singapore) in Singapore since
1987, including the relevant sales figures in Singapore (see [105] above), I
see no reason to disturb the Adjudicator’s finding (see [33] above).

230 As for the elements at [228(c)] and [228(d)], the Court of Appeal in
Novelty at [234] held that the tests for the “connection” requirement and
“likely to damage the interests of the proprietor of the earlier trade mark”
requirement in s 55(3)(a) of the TMA would yield the same results as those
obtained from applying the corresponding tests under the elements of
misrepresentation and damage in passing off. As s 8(4)(b)(i) is the analogue
of s 55(3)(a) in the context of opposing registrations of trade marks, this
proposition in Novelty applies to  
s 8(4)(b)(i) TMA. I am therefore satisfied that the elements at [228(c)] and
[228(d)] are made out given my earlier findings that the elements of
misrepresentation and damage are established in the ground of passing off (see
[213] and [226] above).

231 For these reasons, I uphold the Adjudicator’s finding that the ground of
opposition under s 8(4)(b)(i) TMA succeeds.

Whether the ground of opposition under s 7(6) of the TMA is made out?

232 This is the respondent’s cross-appeal against the Adjudicator’s dismissal
of the ground of opposition under s 7(6) of the TMA. s 7(6) states that: “[a]
trade mark should not be registered if or to the extent that the application
is made in bad faith.”

233 The general principles governing the law on bad faith are not in dispute
and are summarised in Tomy Inc v Dentsply Sirona Inc [2020] 5 SLR 424 at [32].
Relevant to the present appeal are the following principles:

(a) Bad faith “is to be determined as at the date of application and matters
which occurred after the date of application which may assist in determining
the applicant’s state of mind as at the date of application can be taken into
consideration”: Festina Lotus SA v Romanson Co Ltd [2010] 4 SLR 552 (“Festina
Lotus”) at [100]; see also Hotel Cipriani SRL and others v Cipriani (Grosvenor
Street) Ltd and others [2008] EWHC 3032 (Ch) (“Cipriani”) at [166]–[167].

(b) Bad faith “includes dishonesty and…includes also some dealings which fall
short of the standards of acceptable commercial behaviour observed by
reasonable and experienced men in the particular area being examined”: Gromax
Plasticulture Ltd v Don & Low Nonwovens Ltd [1999] RPC 367 (“Gromax”) at 379,
affirmed in Valentino at [25]. The test is a “combined” one and “contains both
a subjective element (viz, what the particular applicant knows) and an
objective element (viz, what ordinary persons adopting proper standards would
think)”: Wing Joo Loong Ginseng Hong (Singapore) Co Pte Ltd v Qinghai Xinyuan
Foreign Trade Co Ltd and another and another appeal [2009] 2 SLR(R) 814 at
[105]; affirmed in Valentino at [29]; see also Cipriani at [166]–[167].

(c) Bad faith requires a holistic assessment. As summarised in Lionel Bently
et al, Intellectual Property Law (Oxford University Press, 5th Ed, 2018) at p
1019, the court ought to take the following into account:

(i) whether the applicant knows or must know that a third party is using an
identical or similar sign for an identical or similar product capable of being
confused with the sign for which registration is sought; (ii) the applicant’s
intention to prevent that third party from continuing to use such a sign; and
(iii) the degree of legal protection enjoyed by the third party’s sign and by
the sign for which registration is sought.

[emphasis in original]

This was in reference to Chocoladefabriken Lindt & Sprüngli AG v Franz
Hauswirth GmbH (Case C-529/07) [2009] ETMR 56 at [37]–[38], which has been
affirmed in Philip Morris Products S A v PT Perusahaan Dagang Dan Industri
Tresno [2010] SGIPOS 8 at [219].

(d) Where allegations of bad faith are concerned, the “standard of proof is on
the balance of probabilities but cogent evidence is required due to the
seriousness of the allegation”: Cipriani at [177]; see also Valentino at [30].
Nevertheless, a conclusion of bad faith is “largely, if not invariably, based
on circumstantial evidence”: see Festina Lotus at [115]; see also Brutt Trade
Marks [2007] RPC 19 at [29]–[30] and Ng-Loy at para 21.4.1.

234 The Adjudicator dismissed the allegation of bad faith. She held that there
is no requirement under the 2002 Agreement for parties to inform or consult
with each other if a new “DIGI” related mark is developed (GD at [28]). She
also rejected the suggestion that the 2002 Agreement prohibited parties from
adopting a new mark which was more similar to the other’s mark for goods and
services beyond the demarcated limits of the 2002 Agreement (GD at [28]).

235 On appeal, the respondent argues that the appellant acted in a manner
which is contrary to the spirit of the 2002 Agreement, even if not in breach
of its terms: 194

##### Foot Note 194

×

RS at [227], [228], [232].

(a) the appellant “should have known” that the respondent would likely have
objected to the Application Mark and “should have broached the change with the
[r]espondent with the view to updating the 2002 Agreement to avoid any
ambiguity”. 195

##### Foot Note 195

×

RS at [244], [249].

This is because: (a) the Application Mark is more similar to the Respondent’s
Mark (Singapore) than the Appellant’s Old Mark (Singapore); and (b) the
appellant is applying for registration in respect of specifications beyond the
limits permitted by the 2002 Agreement 196

##### Foot Note 196

×

RS at [229].

; and

(b) bad faith is evidenced by the appellant’s Class 9 Amendment, which was
done “late”, and the appellant has begun trading in contravention of this
amendment. In this regard, the respondent points to the appellant’s computer
hardware and software relating to weighing and/or measuring purposes or
transfer of data connected to weighing and/or measuring purposes. 197

##### Foot Note 197

×

RS at [267], [268].

236 In response, the appellant agrees with the Adjudicator that there is no
obligation on either party to consult with the other before making changes to
their respective marks. It adds that Clauses 4 and 5 of the 2002 Agreement
envision that parties may apply for “new registrations” of trade marks.
However, this latter point fails given my earlier finding that the 2002
Agreement does not govern the registration of the Application Mark (see [83]
above).

237 First, I do not accept that the appellant should have known that the
respondent would likely have objected to the Application Mark. This is because
the appellant has already registered a variety of trade marks incorporating
the word “DIGI” in Singapore, that are different from the Appellant’s Old Mark
(Singapore), without any opposition from the respondent. 198

##### Foot Note 198

×

Mr Mauer’s SD at p 6 [12].

Such trade marks include: 199

##### Foot Note 199

×

AS at [111(b)].

Trade Mark| Details| Validity Period  
---|---|---  
![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)|
SGTM No. T9707463G in Class 9| 24/06/1997–24/06/2027  
![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)|
SGTM No. T0406810J in Class 9 (IR No. 822610)| 30/03/2004–30/03/2024  
![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)|
SGTM No. T1006793E in Classes 9, 38, 42 (IR No. 1038380)|
11/01/2010–11/01/2020  
  
238 In these circumstances, the following pronouncement by Arnold J in
Cipriani at [189] (re-iterated in Och-Ziff Management Europe Ltd and another v
OCH Capital LLP and others [2011] Bus LR 632 at [37]) is highly relevant:

… it does not constitute bad faith for a party to apply to register a
Community trade mark merely because he knows that third parties are using the
same mark in relation to identical goods or services, let alone where the
third parties are using similar marks and/or are using them in relation to
similar goods or services. The applicant may believe that he has a superior
right to registration and use of the mark. For example, it is not uncommon for
prospective Claimants who intend to sue a prospective Defendant for passing
off first to file an application for registration to strengthen their
position. Even if the applicant does not believe that he has a superior right
to registration and use of the mark, he may still believe that he is entitled
to registration.

A similar proposition is advanced in Tan Tee Jim, Law of Trade Marks and
Passing Off in Singapore vol I (Sweet & Maxwell,, 3rd Ed, 2014) at para 7.170,
which was affirmed by Chan Seng Onn J in Harvard Club of Singapore v President
and Fellows of Harvard College [2020] 4 SLR 1378 at [117].

239 Considering the appellant’s evidence, this appears to be a case where the
appellant, albeit mistakenly, honestly believed it had a right to register the
Application Mark. The respondent has not proven otherwise. For instance, Mr
Mauer’s view is that the green triangle device in the Application Mark is
unlikely to inflict any additional damage on the interests of the respondent
over and above what the Appellant’s Old Mark (Singapore) would. This is
because the respondent does not claim exclusivity over the small green
triangle device, and there are marks on Singapore’s register with a triangle
device, including those set out at [101] above. 200

##### Foot Note 200

×

Mr Mauer’s 1st Affidavit at p 19 [30].

240 Even further still, Mr Mauer’s view is that: (a) the Application Mark’s
Specifications fall within the Appellant’s Specified Goods and Services in the
2002 Agreement, viz, the broad umbrella of “data processing devices and
computer”; and (b) the Application Mark’s Specifications do not include goods
and services concerning weighing and measuring devices and thus do not
encroach on the Respondent’s Specified Goods and Services. 201

##### Foot Note 201

×

Mr Mauer’s 1st Affidavit at pp 14–15 [27].

241 It bears emphasising that cogent evidence is required before a finding of
bad faith is made (see [233(d)] above). Having regard to all the circumstances
of this case, I am not satisfied that the appellant knew that the respondent
was likely to oppose the registration or that it lacked a right to register
the Application Mark. The subjective limb of the test for bad faith is not
made out.

242 Second, the point that the appellant is trading in contravention of the
appellant’s Class 9 Amendment does not take the respondent’s case much
further. As I pointed out at [221(b)], there is no evidence that the brochures
featuring goods and/or services bearing the Application Mark have been viewed
or distributed in Singapore, or of sales in Singapore of the goods and/or
services featured in those brochures.

243 Based on the foregoing, I uphold the Adjudicator’s finding that the ground
of opposition under s 7(6) of the TMA fails.

Conclusion

244 I dismiss the appeal and cross-appeal against the Decision of the
Adjudicator and summarise my findings as follows:

(a) I decline to register the Application Mark under s 8(9) of the TMA.

(b) I uphold the Adjudicator’s finding that the grounds of opposition under ss
8(2)(b), 8(7)(a) and 8(4)(b)(i) of the TMA are made out.

(c) I uphold the Adjudicator’s finding that the ground of opposition under s
7(6) of the TMA fails.

245 Accordingly, protection in Singapore is refused for the Application Mark.
I will hear parties on costs separately.

246 I take this opportunity to express my view that this is a case in which
both parties’ commercial interests would have been best served by arms-length
negotiations out of court. The parties know their businesses best and should
have worked towards updating the demarcation of goods and services that each
may operate in, to best balance their interests. Doing so would have saved
parties the time and expense of prosecuting proceedings relating to the
Application Mark in multiple jurisdictions and facing the spectre of
inconsistent outcomes.

Dedar Singh Gill  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Tan Gim Hai Adrian and Yeoh Jean Ann

(TSMP Law Corporation) for the appellant;

Tang Li Ling Yvonne, Ruby Tham and Edsmond Cheong Qi Yi (Drew & Napier LLC)
for the respondent.

  
  

Annex 1: Specification of goods and services in each Nice Class for the
Application Mark

A.1 Class 9: Computer hardware; computer network connectivity hardware and
computer network connectivity software; computer hardware with embedded
computer software, namely, modules, microprocessors, single-board computers
and satellite communications routers; wireless M2M (machine-to-machine) device
networking products, namely, wireless range extenders and peripherals,
wireless serial servers, enterprise routers, VPN concentrators, routing
gateways, gateways, routers, embedded modules, network adaptors, modems,
network routers; wireless IoT (Internet of Things) device networking products,
namely, wireless range extenders and peripherals, wireless serial servers,
enterprise routers, VPN concentrators, routing gateways, gateways, routers,
embedded modules, network adaptors, modems, network routers; computer network
connectivity hardware and computer network connectivity software, namely,
software and middleware used to allow enterprise software applications to
interface with remote devices and to allow connectivity, device management,
and memory storage, all via a computer network; computer hardware, namely,
cellular routers, gateways, wireless communication adapters, serial servers,
intelligent console servers, electronic sensors and cameras, all used to
monitor and collect data and transmit it to a host or a remote computer system
used to provide alerts in the case of triggering events and to provide
surveillance; cellular routers with embedded software; programmable gateways;
cellular routers with integrated VPN; gateways for distribution automation;
VPN concentrators; customizable routing gateways; console servers; console
servers for power management and monitoring of network devices; embedded
system-on-module and single board computers; intelligent modules that allow
electronic devices to connect to a wireless local area network; secure network
device server modules; serial to Ethernet modules; microprocessor core
modules; communications and control processors; intelligent input/output (I/O)
expansion chips; Ethernet-intelligent operator interfaces; expandable control
boards; wireless radio frequency (RF) modules; Ethernet gateways supporting
wireless radio frequency (RF) modules; IP gateways; wall routers; long-range
industrial radios; intelligent wireless energy management devices that have
the ability to measure and control use of electricity via a standard
electrical outlet; real-time environmental sensors for measuring and
transmitting temperature, humidity and light information; wireless vehicle bus
adapters; long range radio frequency (RF) modems; range extenders for wireless
networks; stand-alone radio modems; wireless Ethernet bridges; wireless
adapters; original equipment manufacturer (OEM) computer modules; adapters for
remote monitoring and control for multipoint networks; adapters for serial and
USB devices; USB to wireless adapters; long-range original equipment
manufacturer (OEM) radio frequency (RF) modules; terminal servers; serial
device servers; network serial concentrators; Ethernet network controllers;
switched USB expansion hubs; network attached USB hubs; USB-to-serial
converters; USB security and monitoring cameras; USB sensors; serial cards;
multi-modem communication adapters; multiport serial adapters: USB expansion
hubs; USB remote access servers; computer printer servers, network device
servers, and network serial concentrators; none of the aforementioned goods
relating to balance and scale, scale equipped with printer, printer.

A.2 For the avoidance of doubt, on 16 July 2019, the appellant wrote to the
Registrar of Trade Marks to request an amendment to the Class 9 specification,
to delete the words “computer printer servers”, and to add in the underlined
portion (see [17] above).

A.3 Class 38: Computer services, namely, providing telecommunications access
for device connectivity via computer networks; providing telecommunications
access for mobile device connectivity by means of a host platform on the
internet; transmission of M2M (machine-to-machine) data; transmission of IoT
(internet of things) data; wireless data network services for others, namely,
electronic transmission of data related to connectivity, device management,
and memory storage via wireless networks; telematic services for sending of
information, namely, providing machine-to-machine (M2M) and internet of things
(IoT) mobile-device management (MDM) connectivity over long distances and/or
remote locations.

A.4 Class 42: Providing temporary use of online non-downloadable software for
managing machine-to-machine (M2M) and Internet of Things (IoT) communication;
providing machine-to-machine (M2M) and Internet of Things (IoT) communication
integration services, namely, the integration of disparate computer systems,
networks, hardware and software through the application of wireless
communication technology to facilitate M2M and IoT communication via web based
browsers, personal digital assistants, mobile phones, embedded
microprocessors, sensors and other electronic devices; providing a website in
the nature of a web hosting platform for allowing users and enterprise
software applications to interface with remote devices and to allow
connectivity, memory storage, device management, device monitoring, device
tracking, and device auditing, all via a computer network; providing temporary
use of on-line non-downloadable software allowing users and enterprise
software applications to interface with remote devices and to allow
connectivity, memory storage, device management, device monitoring, device
tracking, and device auditing, all via a computer network; providing SaaS
services, namely, providing application software for others that allows users
or enterprise software applications to interface with, connect to and manage
remote devices and to provide messaging, management and memory storage
services; providing PaaS services, namely, providing a computing platform and
solution stack that allows users or enterprise software applications to
interface with, connect to and manage remote devices and to provide messaging,
management and memory storage services; providing IaaS services, namely,
providing computer software platforms for creating, managing, and deploying
cloud computing infrastructure services; design and development of computer
software and middleware for others; computer network design for others;
consulting with regard to computer systems, computer network connectivity
hardware and computer network connectivity software and middleware; technical
support services, namely, troubleshooting and diagnosing computer system
software and computer network connectivity software and middleware; computer
services, namely, providing remote management of remote devices via computer
networks; technical consulting and assistance with computer-based information
systems and components, namely, technological consulting services in the field
of datacenter architecture, public and private cloud computing solutions, and
evaluation and implementation of Internet technology and services; engineering
design services in connection with computer hardware, computer software,
electrical and electronic circuits, including product design, product
integration, product testing and certification.

SUPREME COURT OF SINGAPORE

2 July 2021

Case summary

Digi International Inc v Teraoka Seiko Co, Ltd [2021] SGHC 165

  

Tribunal Appeal No 7 of 2020

\--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Decision of the General Division of the High Court (delivered by Justice Dedar
Singh Gill):

Outcome: The High Court dismisses the appeal against the Intellectual Property
Adjudicator’s (“the Adjudicator”) decision to refuse the registration of the
application mark under ss 8(2)(b) (application mark similar to registered
mark), 8(4)(b)(i), read with 8(4)(a) (well known trade mark), and 8(7)(a)
(passing off) of the Trade Marks Act (Cap 332, 2005 Rev Ed) (“the TMA”). The
High Court also declines to register the application mark under s 8(9) of the
TMA (consent to registration) and dismissed the respondent’s cross-appeal
against the Adjudicator’s decision to reject the ground of opposition under s
7(6) of the TMA (bad faith). The applicant’s mark (“Application Mark”) and
opponent’s mark’s (“Respondent’s Mark (Singapore)”) in this case are as
follows:

Application Mark| Respondent’s Mark (Singapore)  
---|---  
![](data:image/Png;base64,
iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAALAAAABBCAIAAAD+G7m1AAAAAXNSR0IArs4c6QAAIe1JREFUeF7tnWmMXWd5x89+t7lzZ7XHM17iJN4dG4cSQWhisgBOqyYfaBGFD6gEBATyiUAqgRAfUEpV6JdSRUJQVKBNIGJrlIYkJCpCUaA0BEGIsjgLARLb8T6eu56lv+d97j33zJ3FM84dY0s+Obk+99xz3uV5/u+zve/7jJ0kiXXhuECBDgWcC6S4QIEsBexUQsRxzA9RFDmOw7XneZ3nEsuWn+TISJOEL1nhYnd/1RJ43JaLiAvHdkxFrm3zXPtIr3ukFO/yE4fe12stUH+i/HZzkkR/ncvU9F0umq2a7/lxEtv0JIld1+VmHCe8pkXxlZq4lk6oyORR81/7K32Vww7DSF/nYXk+0860DWEY8lOz2QyCINs8Gm8KSaAtvaFmKhAi8mHRO6mXNoZRDOFc10toYWJp+2JvfkGele8QOUOHhi2vutITKUYqoggtkJY4rhNTG7/ZThhLg3k3sN0uIGq1Grfobb1ez+fzXHRKj5JEmGrwMAsEttN+3XQ1dhyXPrTC0HPpKz9ZHoXQnjihev5LEgDRbXQPIymEA0Qqh2gPzYB2Sne9rzTlOpfL6X1FzFxApKjiIoxqnutFEaQGExZF8CavNFthq9WEfwpmKUf+sfK5vOd70JfG0gu65ro+/7RawNGlQN/3aQPP00JtbbYBEJA7PJPFhDZbYcQDhXyJ9xxXgG7DGoveCeJbTStK4pCfPDey+Dc0gIhivs17ZEHQGbaGVTXbgg2eYC5xYXssDKGemDHhuwG0oFNwxvcLkEUJkqdBaWdOnjwpGAmCP/7xj6tXr84M3xCKzAMIaOO4DDgliA4v6AjmID2Uov9KkUazUcgXwHzYQvD4ab/mBUSj0YCUr732GoAYHBykHGU8AG2Zg5vKbLAyLxS0/Cwgpk8dy+cKfuA3Kb3ROHLkyGuHD//ud7974YXnp09Oz1RnhPdQ1uDCQNDO5fIbNqyfnJqamJhYNT4+Ojbme16rBQhcXh8YGKBVdE0Z3IMJEHb48OHh4WGerFQqWT4qvrnjuQGcoqIeQMRNOmYdqx87cOLVXMVvWVXLDi0rdLOQy+AvjLo/ZOWDHctQZFSakQmYeMxIINupVVtDpVErdltVa+2qTW4SxGHMAONXSugC4tSpU0rHz3zmMxdffDGkb/fERrS2azUtaV8bJiH6GLOIEAt6cZkvFCqDlYGBEnQcH181UB4YqgzxCuxUQMDsuYAQWWwUhEoIPr/61a8eP36cJ3ledQQlQGh+3bZt21VXXVUul6XMju5YXEJUa6cos16r/d/jjz/37LNHjx47evQoyKhWZ0z7pUciRUUOiQSCbRzQqFAolAfLoDmXCypDQ5NrpujUJZdcohKUX1V39NRerVbvuusuAH3s2LFSqZQOOYUv777rXe8aHhoLAuGZHDYMa0uIqBp7Rffloy8+8Oh9g5OlWnIydppoqmLUlYK0Ma3RsVNBThcy96O8qEcnQl3YTsTAR0RIEa534mRjtDwRNuzxgbVv3nltYBfDZuiacrwgIyEUEHy++93vvuiii1REC2oYPjL45cgCwlgIAnCehFP6JICAfNyBkQyjiTUT73zHOzZt2gSNSqUB80y3A+n4niXeQ8R46xOf+ASfvCXkMoCAPVCWkXf55ZffcsstIyMjS1cZR44cfuxnj/3y8V8eOHjg2NEjQSBSp1qrotEoG52g8h9Mw2bI6vuisRv1RiSdE1YUi0XkAQOA52+88cZrr71WW6WHtj9lEs2+4447XnnlFQQkBVKCIl4o7nlQ+Itf/OLY6MTAQF6UF7SdBQjLK1rPH3r6P+//RmVtfsY6FjmNxAnLYZduDIsuBJMuHI20bh9uWLGwDdxWgj6yW+hyF8AnVuS4M9V4vLLh5OGZt7/lxktX7Sq6g6IHWwImL+e6n/vc57QM1XCMyx/+8IfgOrWAsACAJJ3ijGefMpi5YySIUb5OFMbVaq2Bkmg0Dx06fPDVQ7/5zZPPPbs/DBmgjTyKwxFrQAk0V+CnVHv44YcPHjyo4gHBQGMgrlgDYYjsueKKK+BQatOlVNCSVcYgAHSMPvDAA//xrbuefPK3hw6+NjNTFWJqgyEUw0Ku4RVkha/cgT/Ygy0jKgTAruNh4WFpNBtANDx1anrXrl0bNmygbXMboC2hzbT/xIkTtFbbozaQGkmovH379lUqsMFYlWK3itoNQ7SFbbWsyG0ebx747Uv/28ofa3hHmu7xpnvCjmda9rSeoXMqc86k15E7k56U2fBO1oKjdfd4zT2a2LUkbEZRPbFix8uvGp7cvvmyi9ZsLjpDNhjB6Ee30HIUWhdTgNkIYVDMhTLMcAjLCsKZU6zWzGnuYLyg92zsF7SfBRZ5HgsZ1vuMtnqt9b3v/fDf/u3f7/iHf3zxhRfhK+Xz2WOIpc3QMacDS4nbEU6GPx2dPS+elPQQnScBxAsvvPCpT33qRz/60auvHjp5Ygbu0AVHGonLoxZ4+6TlvpdDrzcbUa3W0vbzMF3jSYwyDAbXDcQxsW0MLEVD2rweZOvX9DNDSbG29N3s6+0OKph8iE/3eSx2koaXNNHwVGzZzfS07dbpT2fGck+F/nTLn46CRq3RDKxSEJdz9co12/ZdufXabZOX55NB386LjBQ4UIXQrQsI9YiUT3O4JehZ4ql+BLQzfcaibgwNDTex5VsRgxUDm3GjgOvKvfmuFkLMIm+pFNEHsJG///3vo2hmZmYQ9WBMhXynF9r3bqc61aXDoP2TkRl6s+3UoApNB7M2/eJdWcavYkgZz4YPJ0aUO27k+BEjeHmnI1LH2CViQzj1algZWBW45bGByfWrLyk4g4FV5EyijhGp3Z0XEKosMp1YKhQ6r0jBHUDY1ZnqqlWr0MUYU7984omf//znkFbt83nplI6neWXA4qRVv19Njfvuu++ll14CDdxRFSAWtAmO6FDsfLZ7p+pPBaSGP/Q0+JaHxZMymKAWYzZh/K/AYdoFE03oAIfUYCIWo3D+U3TOvGe7hxQGdEdGxqdP1Ooz0WVbLi945UpuBOfCTtCGxrcyAQWNKHS5IuaT8e9RlVmVIY1yQj0xT9DpWK18xkmDM7EQZS1cIxwOPsOozicoN80XYDA4xZPE5Ws2uPOd73zn8ccfR7tnR1gWBIpFHc0UE0cwAUtCTsS4UUxcdy2sWdi1w1p9Gnvj29+++7HHfobij6QtxCBkoOG80QWoSyPpAnf8ABsBY6FJL6KI7mADxlHckG6azjaap6IYvUvAokZ8C+EKrDEC1CFKR85cYaayVp6AVJYoIGm5RWwjaDWxhBgwBmYaAzOaWb1oR4IHEsU5dvyk42NPhi03ajitEPPMiUM7CYUBbmh7oeWFdtBwm00H6yNqYkNaQYvTDpp2UPenYy+UKEYj8BqVIBobKEz82Z696yZ2Fu3VLqEWFwMSIjQdP8Rqsr2IcxYgtIdAgZbBQnW99DBaTU659Ph0+ExvchEEHipBgWoeEytEycR44icx5MxBFT/4wQ/w+k6rMlJ50xba6ZA1A2LesYmBgOWC948cMiaIOMZAH6+BVulQb7UaXHNHmzoyMnzRResJOWy4aP3U2sl169etXTvFTfxMzsHBsvGkIjpkglTJ2NiYdmohCTenYbPkqxFgswK+CghFhZFL7d5J+0VMmMBY2+Trii0TeZSoo5g4IkqIZBFpaiacuKlOI3LjBlGAoOLbZbcxsGli19437tu67g15t+K5ecNJTBlpjqm8LWSMcOpoB7Q731HD3/rWt8R5NDE4PVLm6bBWsSwBvs7BTQa9BmT27yfaU1XpDbC46A4g8a9k6HzoQx+65pprMsHQLhnVhfvkJz/5/PPPE86DGPobbxnh39yzZ89HP/rh4ZGKskTv6zNILJqBX/Plf7mTIJLpHZ2Fl23xzpOMb/wXekcD1q5dSzyDzlKU2rAaXqTZ6BpVH4TIMEe4g9dALAv/4mMf+xjhJipCmqoo7ZEQFPXpT38at5O3XEcCPmkXeJ6qP//5z69aNS4OuAkmM0zwBzmF9a2cFdReOv6bO+/6p9WbitPRYdsPYyc08wjiEBmhzmDToKobI6FN8JtwIOWYhwy5PK8606yUiDc4o7mpfbv/ZjhY5du5vD0AIEwgUQaniOGOSDbv5rud0UgUXjLISK3oLqM6XEkBkXoByhhKn56eho5PP/3Mvff+NxFAolK48tBLGS9KVxotBU1OTuKpw4me8rWc1wGIOrLn0Ud/9u277zGuhIVZYCZSBBCKGxi5ZcuW66+/fvPmzYADpgJZFf7qZAEIJZOiH4LQcj45wATsxO2k5UqlPzkgZF7AJvoUxU5DVDmSwjjSLbfYrCZj5fWnjtSv2v3OK9Ze5zRyeb9IVNz1JYRoACEhOAMImdEwgAh63U4IhA1I2IfIK8fQ0BBU4xMS4PozMvQ+B8+MmiN9eM2aNYQRofU1b7tmau1UvVYXkNkMXKGsRm05qOKxxx4jeqNhgzk27FyQGMhrPFHmpBhPs+YOui8kMhcD56g3FWaKA+qFf9yktUSW9u7di/CHu9zUhqXc5YKDRipW6Dt+5saNG3fs2HHllVfu3r1bp/1Ua7Tl/Ok8pvm71Lmb2htG2pmYjppQJjaQ9n3eQhwMw7bOwdTDMo6Yp0iIKBGMtsrxtHfx6m2bVl+WS8oFd8iN847FpIwMUg3/EnQx3pO5MAZlFxDKLbg+y6LsdLVXtphxr0MqVRwaD4dSN930V+97799CVlEcYuW23Ra+piP10KFD2kON3ixOsvRXNdYWepgfqPOZZ542YG/HgvRhGsmYBg233377zp07NRxCg5W72nftSOoSC8GY/zFhAzWt9KsKPH1lic0+7WMizDJ+rCiGbuHpzME8xTi4owY2sRM3sSLsYtQoudFIvjY8mbvkqi3veNu2vxy11npRWcJCxF1EUUkwxrZ8bD8TRhJrtxOSyQCipzYlvR7qgNDERXytLjjgSpDbvn3n9u3b1c7QuW+JDSLYjExmdKJftUYNR56WZEt5gOrAHIId3hsPsW2pgXJ+Ag0YDePj46ojzqBS6UtfcbCUTi3+TCd8YKSKm4MArUYhsMeG7LFr3/DOjaObR4OJgl12ErzXJCLahw26WEhpAUCkkhzCQVyIgHGA9Z6dmuppqIoBpVc+nwNAmzZdqoYqckxGnpkaVUlDaFyjiouP+OXSS4UWI4bRnA10YjdQF0oK9adac4l6am4DzgBGy+3Fsp6XpRTtmUx6XWg1ncrAaicZ2L5+53hpdckp+3HgxAF2ReTEEZ6IGJ6p4zOfyOmRxqlIYBxLVWbq7/e//z3XjzzyiN5Rod1DmlRxBDnUBELCKxYLwyNDUUxcEsdauAAfVNiq5NDSltX/xR9GrhMPJQzVcXo12BIzo2G8X5mU1zUWfKYNntuXeXGQPp99sY+N16KM3SDOkZFhaiuJzo8kIsM0tixusGKPCQ+b+IqE1ZvMzaEDXMuPag5zE9Yp/9JV23auv8JPysVcGRPJcpuWW3Osums1eK2jG+cn/oJaUGU7RMR3eOKJJ77+9a8/99xzC/U/Fc5tfkdhLvCxQAdKJQ1O0CsmyCQKbA516hQQfdTEoJTQmLGSJExi7CWpHYsY+oIJlRDIOYVFiumljPtsH/uOgzkFtn2c9n0Mc4MViUjoIiUJ/UlwmonQWFb8AAw3aBVHvdVbV2+/4pI3F70J367YjseEDPEJQk+uFXkCpXYcbKEuLBg/5gU19+65555vfvObv/jFL5YyAdGGOX6AbeN0nJw+uRRa942+Um3b2s3aQBiPKvAwJvpW19ktyMN7iJG0MpdtObXEl7Nlz8Q5hIc1U2u6UW68OHXtnne+ddd1lWDcinOuU3DsomMVrCQnp5U3F+nKyPk7MD8g0qjl/v37f/KTn+jyp47PenpKMDAZn1BfFzSctUOD7tr4nkrVuFHD4nw8nNgTh0L8UgCBCuATYdhCAciiF8w2u7xl7c41lQ1Oi1DgAHMGVsJaJNjPyYW5ljun8Yy6P+sCNV2VBO3+8Ic/IFrvv/9+xhwSHjNQF12e9mBodsI1EgjPPp/aH1ykkqOPZoQWq2hQN1Llo2qHuSg5bV/O2gNZN0ujLD2S1Ul8CWnKJHUrthoY6IQrGXbNhuXbA0V3eNP4ZZsndgfJYMEeduMiBqb4lqymZKJfkCSrFwjaLgMQQIEDbxDC8Um89qc//emvfvUrqIw1oPG7pdAUJWfW00oUHCHR5beJy6t5r+XoT0spc4mMEfFgylRfRhb+murUneE61XpZRC6x8JV7zNChs8RcqNIGdCcMrWamTrqKjWysCTNbluRzVskNifhWtq/bU3ZHA2sATcH8nwk6mYiccft1gkTc5gz05tXmvZFKXb1CJPG73/3uN77xjbNrSa0czc+vkg3vZjcZQ8GsbjDYsfxmzbWbJateGbYnt01c/rad+yYHLw7Csh3nmFg1S3J1kaYBkPim2XMxanQBoSFbEICy+MpXvsI0FTHg/sYJzi+2/GlaawJq5v9Zyj5yCCSYxX44UFYuaeasVimXrNo+tectW/duHNlaskedFmajx+LL0GfyCheV06yD6l4oOJYGCBYscrJP4aGHHmSuk8m6gYEy6wl0d8kZR3LOLlnRlLJMa04wrs+t6Mc40eGbzoXLtJScdsMs88wlER4BegHtgMLzZZpO5ihZdRI0QxbDDjlh4ZJVm3esexNQyNvDTsxekoKgxSx20V1GvRPtSyBDZoGMxMKbx48ffuSRh3lxcLDSbISsHMA2AQ26RvSs+pBLaH3vI/hU7VMXgcqYyk7xn0mRWf/VGCjZG1rgmdjF3VErb4u5JwYgC/OrYvPEpaRVFEAw0GVNa4F5ObPRIgitomWXB/JjflzYtX5HxZ0quKsdq5y4gR14qBovtvNmlausDNUyM4th0+UEC5Gid8XUTLVq5gLaEw0GY0IFjQqfAUHPx1fmslx7wZBI51FXql/iTeBCsDiK4VhredWmX2341SSQbVwJ1kHdLdlDk5UNey9/+5qh9Rq5Vm+qL03KLrLV7Xjir7H0LFs6lek0cV+qPC8KSTGhUY300PsrqUBzsi6cmVoA4dVbfr3p1Rt+w875LVYtttyR/OrLNrzp6l3XXzy2tWQNGyuzjYi+ELZ3+jsIfCIRbI1NxWAWfWciG/vSzLNbiHYTLcnkHMY1i6b04Jp9K0zycbASZ0WoIZFEZiTZC0y8uRHbrIpjCiNuNZKiXynaw1dsvnrn1BtL8UgxGXbD9loFCf8b9+P1e4VdQATMSgWyg1ZEhFlfZZRbexudDot+yaWzy99l16Yrd9AOL774Iqu3/6tz3Hvvvezy4M6Pf/zjJ598MpUT/SSL2JUwxay6R/9Hdi4JvKYfVV2CDWsGNmxdvUviDVGJfRbMK7NMQ6L1zG110JCdoJmLj9M2tW9LPJZN9XP4BawlYnRoSRbyP/TQQ//TOYjUPfjgg8ACTDz11FMr0oP2BnT2kVlB7OaiwK/nimG5Eoy5jfyODW9wW/mCVfZN9EkW2Pb7uACIeSiqshAhoUkHiNSlB0oEW4pYPpPA/eaFsVuZ2JSAZIKzUIwL/km/PFOpTI+vK1163e6/uHRkx6AzkQvLjiWLnRqyMbzPRxYQ6sFnnfgzr8yoGOZEZi3/0rkFCs0KrtMKseU0Audez9S/X87bnWc1SE/0l8k5VleYiF3Aqca1LrZmcudMil74HZ18MTYrGyWIsrOk2h90xsvhyFs3XX3Nrhu2TLyh5Iw67MlLCDyZvbvtRZBZrr3eRmUAEQeWnCzC5NQIjwmeny621dMEE0xjf3Cr3qhjosrqcmWS7EcXi0Q/09mEfq6HcOoYYmYPJENHg3Riay0XczQw8EU2kBCA5ROy9qC9GFUar/KjPXlmOv96rUvjMMriTSaB6mxPqofeqWYlPMAGY68yNLZ29/bdo4WNOWfE9gpxjhCU7FHFGclbBZ3dZuuJ4Vp72eDrGXIrpTLE0jFLUpfLjNeL8PP9fZ/Fr+x6ips1olEVK8ptXLc1sUj4QhzZTGr1b2XvvKRaQUDQ9KWvqTnf+djH9rMENXALTiuXt4b3bL9qzdgW3xplO6LIVrOEvY91zS1qSYBYrkhMwzjo4GzYP71eboFLJMEiUwxaozqKZ1b7mb21xJanj5mcY7GflKaGN1+564adF/15yZskJZOREO2p/OWWuaznFwCEWZebErEnVcPcCnpivQRtcNswu3DWWW2lWdlQH+mmaS1QlXEfo35Mz2L8a8I4M7kjS73VEtRF3vyKv0CAQSMNC1GqE4Axm92YL/JkvfjKrbbS7HFSqcxkMdHtloOxv377+y8d3VOyJvLOmGcNynr3zupA2WY7e0eMxhuyEYhlgSD78JIkxLJKh4ga52YanV1vMECN55WWdTQSA5DgmrBw9rSLLsOHo7oNSRXZyjF4WeTqNcnJFhhhPZSGiiOBnWPFtOznlSmus3T0HxDwnu1vBw4cYPG+bJgxK9i4eRYYwKx9jqx1rEWds9dP911pvFmPc9PaxS9iR5mX5EreYC7J+yxHdMhlICuEz85xekAspHN7JG6qm5EErMBjgxQZfVAWuktClcVKq2FdO0l1tZpsEEoPcMlN9AVzEDqPT0uy5vrchumdlW7wXB5LzlJyVpAQM7TjOvus2HMRJnbanf5MaS6CrfkBYZYjCsmEu/VWdaYhuTsd9mPZ5Hog4MSuETZt6FywfqK/NaMPib2OHjlx5PCJp377rElcmZfbEqMKEOmUqQkCdD9dqgv7BH8Jn4yOjoNCqdIldRTaIWEDPN/owv7nXmrKmlGWEB+YOSXpRZXlGBV4emY1kEnlkVgzp2qtZnTo4GG+8hNOP0mo0kWO/WitWQ4jax3MXtvOSSorMB0UAifnesUcgQebDfysmyXNg10izR8btM0+zJU65geETnGJMeg6bPRmbPG1weZ+s71f1+ilXiV31FCAxwxBM/7iO++8EzlB7liJ4bBfxIxdyXNrFnZTIHtmNDzVx1HIgnHKHBsd0zRQnSwvJMarEl5k2TDGBPNSZCksFck8AYhnkCW0CIuR1jaBgEk5A57MZsCYHT7SNbP2qJu4c6V4cU6Uu6DKEEaivox0hYWQBvIJC9k5Rm5k5ubNgQRWwYBYZkM3dHzm6advueXj6AtKwMWAyirG+cR3AgdQVrfZdzbc9Y0QRhC57OilRLVkGfjIfWxJGqnJN7/0z1/6zrfvYRZbFqThhUiqYpESxsaQJcp8kXRTcUhfNHEKvVYnZaEsBH3rwDlQ0GKAkNxMUcygh4s0lWGnXMdg5Dhy+AgDjjsmXXCDtCxMBpIG5Mtf/ldyvSID8NbECdQlmWZpOd4H1/CGDA2aO0Atu37Zd4EfwEjdWi4mQie3y9DwEBpNrdrrr7v+0Ucf/exnP/vyy783E/7s7JN0Q2ajnGw4NOrMKxZymrJahY02vp2u4Rxg28o1oZtBRhdJvfLKH9///r9jF54KAJUB5N3RTNg6oyNiwywARjroQNSb8AAiQmOyPeo8oc4Ncq0RKs+XHFDIBnLqUGYa2OanFBManJibUkjLh9OX7brs1ls/NjIypFZh9l0WtYBRMhffdtunqBcQjI2OY9NgIqgjqvKMbSa0h9EPGgZKA9oSAYOxh8L2ZqUYKUIVFKgVmRZK7h9txtVXX01uoXRGKsshatGUQrKZxZaUGGkgh1ZBQ5LFrp4YTa3afo2HvqBkQQmhbBbFYXIBIOShGgzWHcAYBxBOhn5n4w0Xmp4Buap+phlqQg4YwzjjmqzHLDr6yEc+cgZRbaVae1ZsgaFKjTAeB4dk2MbP9OCK7DTvZO3nddQHXKcv3Cdl4qHXDrEKhn3MzzzzDJ8sgCB8gvxjfRSPtSWNobQQxATrNAS0eFhFn0k5nbo2lGOg2Y6JnVNQUDyd3u1cIu4UOjJiDPUhNwTlgjugAQEDD7AnyPs9NTUFV1YiLEGZysXrrrtu/fr1bCnYunWrWrXasB4GiMrwAzGVZEJTDkGqJJzrm3fXpkk7Z+oSafmnfKyfgOgMCgGEEpeeqehGSvN1sDz4nve8B5mpCqXv/TaKTMbuunXrbrvtNvJgISFk/ttAQWGRrVRRYnIZ4pSKSJMhYr72q20pzs5BYTBvH7s9l78vQnJM124062z3SBOnQkOTEFhykaqhpqfJp9fNCK8dVrlaKmGco2KYtCfnJ3+OJSAB2o4d2z7+cVG6qnp6eJOaLBSiu0xNuEIUkSwjkmSMur5B4iHpEg1lYXqQR5BlLKRYN5nr3b+//fa9b9s7PFxBcFACnYoTvCP8BVLEijNB/kGTyb8lyd3Zp4SEEU1IvlNyw8ufjdG87zxv8nKSfEKCbLQNlKcqQ1uetkGtLo52cjuxH3hLdtDIJhobxUrYsSdXcL/g14dyuoDwA5ezXB6o1U6RSV47wMmfBOAUWJjr7n2W9JhDLQZNwAAs+CMUL7y4/8DBV2aq08USad7cfTe84wtfuOOjt3x448UbNSnkIhKCEqA4MWasueMnjikjISip4hSIo6NDTJWoMdHDDHxIz4MRsqKJByanJt/3vvfefPMHSKVXr5P0jryLYjiahLQklGnWG3hJNRoMDjA54H2Nb4ThGuStjcTkHCiMj4+EUfPw4YMgmzymKDtaSPM092p23KdDQgNuaC48Mrov0TgoSf43n4hti9KAl0Y1zsL8znIx0gWEri6nG3gB2qXFD/qvthKfaijoxg0uyONHbkOMO1z/D3zgAzfccIOm+EsTwC4iPymNelExGP/kPKRMnYZQL4MXMffS3Gc9EiLbeTpCpZRGPsqbb74ZqwJeUpRyFLanvdO/g6JTsvyKRtNUc7zLY1jBfKVHGvwmLEHm1FtvvfWmm25aiNaUpimLcL9hvJoRVK1V6FsKhUXav1xG9uv5rtupQ/zll1/+2te+BiZSoi9ek/aQjika4CI44E9awEuiFwoCCKoIU+6qIMkWm6WLxrjIpov6h1Wp7akc4i2SnsIMKlJCZ0vLlqPdUSdWGQl3f/3rX7NaGkjhSvCVxqjHoc3jeaqgEL6KT4RfirTJ5Yh0cUAT0tjqn0yiXnCjf7NDpZRKC30X2Xb33Xfjs9BU7CeeUV9MqcRbH/zgB7lQF2wuNfrF2jMrp/dvbtF0tvLR7dNKM6W+EiJNMyKrUQ0CdDRATUnvaw5VvfPakllG8hguCc/rjJTqIyqCqRrSUIEEP6hI4ZUePQNOcQB7QA/s5y0KR4xTLC1kMvbVV1/FwyQlGV0GxGCIn8heiGAD0Oli2pTx9FT/4hflqFaaFxC0n4ahU4CUxuJ4TA0LDlrOA0R6VOApmM6MeSvxViYwZcafagH6s8RWZkeG4kOHgvY2HQF6f6HRoANLZYBe66jVIaUFKsL0k9KUGYs3MhXL6SBO28a7yAZNX8pNrlNspWxWSaAsVxxrI/VOT196MK0N45PntVKlrbY8xdM5CIiuDaGs1WO50Jv7Yra0lDpLLHne53sKXEo7s61KrxVGyirNUsg4ZtTqNYd6KCngemC9FCG/SH/1p3nF5HJpvkLP92ZyX6FqLhR7vlCgbxGY86XDF9q5OAUuAOICQmZR4AIgLgDiAiAuYGBhClyQEBfQMYsC/w9AfEEvynvObQAAAABJRU5ErkJggg==)|
![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)  
  
Pertinent and significant points of the judgment

• The word “DIGI” was descriptive of the digital nature of the goods in the
Class 9 specification of the Respondent’s Mark (Singapore) (at [94]). While
the composite whole of the Respondent’s Mark (Singapore) only had a low degree
of inherent distinctiveness (at [100]), the distinctiveness of the whole mark
was enhanced to a moderate degree through use (at [118]).

• With regards the ground of opposition under s 8(2)(b) of the TMA (ie,
application mark similar to registered mark), the Respondent’s Mark’s
(Singapore) Class 9 specification and the Application Mark’s specifications in
Classes 9, 38 and 42 were similar due to their complementary nature, highly
similar trade channels and highly similar end-users (at [150]–[152],
[163]–[164], [167]).

• With regards the ground of opposition under s 8(2)(b) of the TMA, despite
the technical nature of the competing marks’ goods and/or services, there was
a likelihood of confusion among the segment of the relevant public comprising
sophisticated consumers (at [188]). This was due to the overall high degree of
similarity of the competing marks (at [177]) and the moderate degree of
similarity of the goods and/or services in the specifications of the competing
marks (at [178]).

• The state of the register (eg, co-existence of the parties’ earlier marks in
Singapore and outside of Singapore) is generally irrelevant to the grounds of
opposition in  
ss 8(2)(b) and 8(7)(a) of the TMA, as was the case in this matter ( at [193]
and [215]).

• With regards the ground of opposition under s 8(7)(a) of the TMA (ie,
passing off), the respondent’s sale of goods and services beyond the scope of
the Respondent’s Mark’s (Singapore) Class 9 specification buttressed its
goodwill in Singapore and the acquired distinctiveness of the Respondent’s
Mark (Singapore) for the purposes of the element of misrepresentation (at
[200]–[201] and [203]).

• The appellant’s alleged prior use of its earlier marks containing the word
“DIGI” in Singapore did not reduce the likelihood of confusion under s 8(7)(a)
of the TMA as there was insufficient evidence to establish prior use of these
marks in Singapore (at [219]).

• The registration for the Application Mark was not filed in bad faith as
there was no cogent evidence that the appellant knew that the respondent was
likely to oppose the registration or that it lacked a right to register the
Application Mark (at [241]).

The material facts

1 In 2002, the appellant and respondent entered into an agreement (“the 2002
Agreement”), which was a settlement of a separate trade mark dispute between
the parties in Germany. In the 2002 Agreement, the parties agreed not to
oppose the registration, renewal and/or use of each other’s marks, which were
in existence at the time of the 2002 Agreement, as long as each party kept to
a demarcated scope of goods and services specified in the 2002 Agreement.

2 The Application Mark was launched by the appellant on its 30th anniversary
in 2015 to give its corporate logo a new brand identity and look and feel. The
appellant has since obtained protection for the Application Mark outside of
Singapore, including in certain territories in which the respondent has
registered a mark identical to Respondent’s Mark (Singapore) (“the Overlapping
Territories”).

3 The Application Mark was accepted for registration in Singapore and
published on 18 August 2017 for opposition purposes. The Application Mark was
sought to be registered in Classes 9, 38 and 42 for goods and services which,
in general, enable machine-to-machine (“M2M”) communication and network
connectivity.

4 The respondent filed its Notice of Opposition on 17 October 2017 based on
the Respondent’s Mark (Singapore). This mark has been registered in Class 9
for “[b]alance and scale, scale equipped with printer, printer” since 18
December 1986.

5 On 16 July 2019, about two and a half weeks prior to the hearing before the
Adjudicator, the appellant wrote to the Registrar of Trade Marks to request an
amendment to its Class 9 specification. It sought to replace the words
“computer printer servers” with “none of the aforementioned goods relating to
balance and scale, scale equipped with printer, printer”. Despite the
amendment being made, the respondent proceeded with the opposition.

The court’s decision on appeal

6 The High Court dismissed the appeal and cross-appeal against the decision of
the Adjudicator. It upheld the Adjudicator’s finding that the grounds of
opposition under ss 8(2)(b), 8(7)(a) and 8(4)(b)(i) of the TMA succeeded,
agreed with the Adjudicator that the ground of opposition under s 7(6) of the
TMA failed, and declined to register the Application Mark under s 8(9) of the
TMA (at [244]).

s 8(9) of the TMA: registration refused

7 The 2002 Agreement did not govern the registration of marks that came into
existence after the 2002 Agreement was concluded. It was irrelevant to the
present application to register the Application Mark since this mark was
launched only in 2015. In other words, the 2002 Agreement did not represent
the respondent’s consent to the Application Mark’s registration under s 8(9)
of the TMA (at [83]).

8 The court found a Canadian agreement, which was entered into by the parties
after the 2002 Agreement, to be irrelevant to the interpretation of the scope
of the latter agreement. The provisional parameters in MCH International Pte
Ltd and others v YG Group Pte Ltd and others and other appeals [2019] 2 SLR
837 for determining when parties’ subsequent conduct is admissible for
contractual interpretation were not met (at [75]–[82]).

s 8(2)(b) of the TMA: opposition succeeded

9 The word component (ie, “DIGI”) of the Respondent’s Mark (Singapore) was
descriptive of the digital nature of the goods in the Class 9 specification of
the Respondent’s Mark (Singapore) (at [94]). However, while the composite
whole of the mark only had a low degree of inherent distinctiveness, it
acquired a moderate degree of distinctiveness through use (at [100], [118]).

10 At the marks-similarity stage, the court found that the competing marks
were aurally identical, conceptually similar to a high degree and visually
similar to a fair degree (at [134]).

11 With regards the marks’ visual similarity, there were differences in the
nature and positioning of the marks’ triangle devices and the font of the
marks’ word components. However, as competing marks were not to be compared
side by side and given the Respondent’s Mark’s (Singapore) inherent and
acquired distinctiveness, these differences were not so substantial as to
distinguish the Application Mark visually (at [124]–[125]).

12 The competing marks were aurally identical as both would be referred to as
“DIGI” (at [127]). They were highly conceptually similar as both connoted the
idea of technology and the notion of a triangle (at [132]).

13 At the stage concerning the similarity of the marks’ goods and services,
the Respondent’s Mark’s (Singapore) Class 9 specification and the Application
Mark’s specifications in Classes 9, 38 and 42 were found to be similar due to
their complementary nature, highly similar trade channels and highly similar
end-users (at [150]–[152], [163]–[164], [167]).

14 At the likelihood of confusion stage, the court determined that the
relevant public included both the general public in Singapore and
sophisticated consumers (at [174]). It concluded that there was a likelihood
of confusion among a substantial portion of the relevant public (at [195]).

15 When the marks’ goods and/or services were sold through physical and online
trade channels, their visual and/or aural similarity made origin-based
confusion likely (at [182]–[184]).

16 Despite the technical nature of the marks’ goods and/or services, both the
general public and sophisticated consumers (eg, business consumers, IT
professionals and IT enthusiasts) were likely to be confused (at [187],
[188]). This was due to the high degree of overall similarity of the competing
marks and the moderate degree of similarity of the competing marks’ goods
and/or services (at [188]).

17 A decision by the Australian Registrar of Trade Marks (“the Australian
Decision”) concerning identical iterations of the Application Mark and
Respondent’s Mark (Singapore) was found to be unpersuasive in this matter
generally (at [107], [191]). This was because the material statutory
provisions discussed in the Australian Decision, such as ss 44 and 60 of
Australia’s Trade Marks Act 1995 (Cth), differed from comparable provisions in
Singapore (at [107]).

18 The court dismissed the relevance of the state of the register (ie, co-
existence of the parties’ earlier marks in Singapore and outside of Singapore)
to the grounds of opposition in ss 8(2)(b) and 8(7)(a) of the TMA in this case
(at [193] and [215]). In connection with the Overlapping Territories, the
court also highlighted that the respondent is entitled to elect which
jurisdiction(s) to contest the registration of the Application Mark in (at
[194]).

s 8(7)(a) of the TMA: opposition succeeded

19 The respondent’s goodwill was established by evidence of the respondent’s
Singapore subsidiary’s sales and expenses incurred in promoting goods and
services in Singapore (see [198]–[200]).

20 The threshold requirement of distinctiveness for misrepresentation was met
given the court’s earlier recognition that the Respondent’s Mark (Singapore)
had acquired distinctiveness. This earlier finding of acquired distinctiveness
was bolstered by the fact that the respondent also sold goods beyond the scope
of the Respondent’s Mark’s (Singapore) Class 9 specification in Singapore.
These additional goods and services pertained to the Internet of Things or
were goods with wireless capabilities (“the Respondent’s Additional Goods and
Services”) (at [203]).

21 With regards the likelihood of confusion under the element of
misrepresentation, the Respondent’s Additional Goods and Services meant that
the parties’ goods and services were not merely complementary, but were also
in competition (at [211]). The appellant’s evidence also disclosed brochures
featuring products catered for industries which the respondent operated in
(ie, retail, food, logistics and hospitality) (at [212]). Given these factors,
and the court’s earlier finding of likelihood of confusion under s 8(2)(b) (at
[209]), there was a likelihood of confusion under s 8(7)(a) of the TMA.
Therefore, the element of misrepresentation was established (at [213]).

22 The appellant’s alleged prior use of its earlier marks containing the word
“DIGI” in Singapore did not reduce the likelihood of confusion under s 8(7)(a)
of the TMA as there was insufficient evidence to establish prior use of these
marks in Singapore (at [219]–[223]).

23 There was a likelihood of damage to the appellant’s goodwill in the form of
diversion of custom (at [226]).

s 8(4)(b)(i), read with s 8(4)(a) of the TMA: opposition succeeded

24 The marks similarity requirement in s 8(4) was satisfied given the court’s
earlier finding of the competing marks’ similarity under s 8(2)(b) of the TMA
(at [229]).

25 The well known status of the Respondent’s Mark (Singapore) was not
challenged on appeal, and was in fact buttressed by the sales of the
Respondent’s Additional Goods and Services in Singapore (at [229]).

26 The remaining requirements in s 8(4)(b)(i) of the TMA: (a) that use of the
Application Mark on goods or services that it is to be registered for will
indicate a connection between those goods or services and the respondent; and
(b) likely damage to the respondent’s interests, were also met given the
elements of misrepresentation and likely damage in s 8(7)(a) of the TMA were
satisfied (at [230]).

s 7(6) of the TMA: opposition failed

27 It did not constitute bad faith for a party to apply to register a trade
mark merely because it knew that third parties were using the same mark in
relation to identical goods or services, let alone where the third parties
were using similar marks and/or were using them in relation to similar goods
or services. The applicant may have believed that it had a superior right to
registration and use of the mark (at [238], citing Arnold J in Hotel Cipriani
SRL and others v Cipriani (Grosvenor Street) Ltd and others [2008] EWHC 3032
(Ch)).

28 In this case, there was no cogent evidence that the appellant knew that the
respondent was likely to oppose the registration or that it lacked a right to
register the Application Mark (at [241]).The appellant had already registered
a variety of trade marks incorporating the word “DIGI” in Singapore without
any opposition from the respondent (at [237]). Further, the appellant’s view
was that the Application Mark’s specifications complied with the parties’
demarcated scope of goods and services in the 2002 Agreement (at [240]).

Conclusion

29 For the reasons above, the Application Mark was denied protection in
Singapore.

This summary is provided to assist in the understanding of the Court’s grounds
of decision. It is not intended to be a substitute for the reasons of the
Court. All numbers in bold font and square brackets refer to the corresponding
paragraph numbers in the Court’s grounds of decision.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 23 Jul 2021 (14:20 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

