Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the COURT OF APPEAL of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGCA 86

Civil Appeal No 165 of 2020

Between

Chye Seng Kait  
---  
  
… Appellant

And

Chye Seng Fong (executor and trustee of the estate of Chye You, deceased)  
---  
  
… Respondent

In the matter of Suit No 428 of 2018

Between

Chye Seng Kait  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

Chye Seng Fong (executor and trustee of the estate of Chye You, deceased)  
---  
  
… Defendant

Ex Tempore Judgment

[Probate and Administration] — [Personal representatives]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Chye Seng Kait

  
v

  

Chye Seng Fong (executor and trustee of the estate of Chye You, deceased)

[2021] SGCA 86

Court of Appeal — Civil Appeal No 165 of 2020  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JCA, Tay Yong Kwang JCA and Steven Chong JCA  
8 September 2021

8 September 2021

Andrew Phang Boon Leong JCA (delivering the judgment of the court ex tempore):

1 This is an appeal against the decision of the High Court judge (“the Judge”)
in Chye Seng Kait v Chye Seng Fong (executor and trustee of the estate of Chye
You, deceased) [2021] SGHC 83 (“the GD”). The appellant, Mr Chye Seng Kait,
and the respondent, Mr Chye Seng Fong, are brothers. The respondent is the
executor of the estate (“the Estate”) of their late father (“the Testator”),
while the appellant is a beneficiary of the Estate, pursuant to the Testator’s
will (“the Will”).

2 During his lifetime, the Testator had been a property developer. In 2009, he
suffered a stroke, and then, sometime before 2010, from an onset of dementia.
The Testator passed away in 2015, and was survived by his wife (who has since
passed away), the appellant, the respondent, and three daughters, one of whom,
Ms Chye Moi June, features prominently in this dispute.

3 A grant of probate dated 30 May 2016 was issued to the respondent on 18
August 2016. The schedule of assets annexed to the Grant of Probate (the
“Schedule of Assets”) valued the father’s assets at $1,741,314.12. Of these
assets, two bank accounts feature in this dispute:

(a) a DBS bank account opened on 8 August 2006, in the joint names of the
Testator and Ms Chye Moi June (the “DBS Joint Account”); and

(b) an OCBC bank account opened on 20 February 1999, in the joint names of the
Testator and Ms Chye Moi June (the “OCBC Joint Account”).

We refer to these accounts collectively as the “CMJ Joint Accounts”.

4 The appellant was not satisfied with the Schedule of Assets. Correspondence
was then exchanged between the respective parties’ solicitors at the time. On
7 August 2017, the respondent’s then solicitors, CH Partners, sent an email to
the appellant attaching a statement of account (the “Statement of Account”)
which set out the Estate’s assets and the proposed distribution of those
assets. In that same email, CH Partners invited the appellant to come to their
office to countersign the Statement of Account and to collect a cheque for
$72,451.34 (“the Cheque”), being the appellant’s share of the residuary
estate. However, the appellant did not agree to the Statement of Account and
did not collect the Cheque.

5 On 25 April 2018, after discontinuing an initial suit that had been
commenced in the Family Justice Courts, the appellant commenced the present
proceedings in the High Court. We summarise the appellant’s claims against the
respondent as they stood at the end of trial and as they were advanced before
us, as follows:

(a) First, the respondent had failed to take in the CMJ Joint Accounts which,
the appellant argues, was held by Ms Chye Moi June on resulting trust for the
Estate. Further, the respondent had failed to make any inquiries at all or
failed to make sufficient inquiries into two allegedly wrongful transactions:
(i) a withdrawal of $200,000 from the DBS Joint Account in 2007 (“the 2007
Transaction”); and (ii) a withdrawal of $15,300 from the OCBC Joint Account in
2014 (“the 2014 Transaction”).

(b) Second, the respondent had failed to inquire into the division of the
proceeds from the sale of a property at Killiney Road (“the Killiney
Property”) which had been held by the Testator and Ms Chye Moi June as tenants
in common in equal shares. The appellant takes issue with the equal division
of the sale proceeds, claiming that the Testator held a 67% share of the
Killiney Property in equity.

(c) Third, the respondent had wrongfully deducted his legal expenses from the
Estate.

(d) Fourth, the respondent had failed to distribute the Estate’s assets
promptly and fairly by imposing a condition on the appellant’s collection of
the Cheque and stating that he would use the Estate’s funds to address any
further allegations from the appellant.

We address each of these in turn.

The CMJ Joint Accounts

6 In relation to the CMJ Joint Accounts, we agree with the Judge that the
beneficial interest in the CMJ Joint Accounts (strictly speaking, the choses
in action against the respective banks) was not held by the Estate, but was
held by Ms Chye Moi June by virtue of cl 2 of the Will. That provision reads,
as relevant:

… I further declare that any account held by me with any other person(s)
jointly in any financial institution shall also belong to such joint account
holder(s) absolutely by virtue of the right of survivorship.

7 It is common ground that during the Testator’s lifetime, the beneficial
interest in the CMJ Joint Accounts was held entirely by the Testator, on the
basis of a resulting trust arising over the accounts. It is also common ground
that after the Testator’s death, Ms Chye Moi June held the legal right to the
CMJ Joint Accounts by virtue of the right of survivorship. In this context, we
find that cl 2 of the Will expresses the clear intention that the right of
survivorship arising from the legal position of joint tenancy was to operate
instead of any equitable intervention upon the Testator’s death. In other
words, whatever the situation was during his lifetime, it was the Testator’s
intention that the right of survivorship should apply to all the bank accounts
held in joint names, and that the surviving joint tenant should have absolute
ownership of those accounts.

8 We do not find the appellant’s counterarguments convincing. The appellant
argues that if a gift was intended, the phrase “the right of survivorship”
should not have been included. However, the above analysis shows why the
inclusion of that phrase was entirely sensible and reasonable – the purpose of
cl 2 was not to make a bequest of the beneficial interest, but was to give
full effect to the right of survivorship. Further, the appellant’s proposed
interpretation – that cl 2 of the Will only applied if the right of
survivorship applied – would render cl 2 superfluous, which contradicts the
principle that the court should seek to give effect to every word in the will
(see the decision of the High Court in Goh Nellie v Goh Lian Teck and others
[2007] 1 SLR(R) 453 at [62]). As for cl 4 of the Will, which explained that
the Testator’s wife and daughters were excluded from the Will as the Testator
had made sufficient provision for them during his lifetime, we find the
existence of this clause consistent with our view of cl 2. The moneys were
deposited into the CMJ Joint Accounts during the Testator’s lifetime. It is
not a stretch to say that cl 2 simply completed what had already been started
in the course of the Testator’s life to provide for Ms Chye Moi June.
Furthermore, this is consistent with the appellant’s own position that his
mother, the Testator’s wife, did in fact become the sole owner of a property
and a joint bank account by virtue of the right of survivorship referred to in
cl 2, despite being described in cl 4 as having been excluded from the Will.
Hence, cl 4 did not detract from our view that Ms Chye Moi June was the
absolute owner of the CMJ Joint Accounts upon the Testator’s death.

9 The other issue in relation to the CMJ Joint Accounts concerns the 2007 and
2014 Transactions. We find no reason to depart from the Judge’s findings in
relation to these withdrawals. We accept that an executor has the duty to
determine “the extent of the assets and liabilities of the deceased, and then
act diligently and reasonably in realising the assets” (see the decision of
the High Court in Foo Jee Boo and another v Foo Jhee Tuang and others [2016]
SGHC 260 (“Foo Jee Boo”) at [75]), and that this may extend to inquiring into
the existence and value of any potential claims that the estate may have for
matters occurring prior to the deceased’s death, which would be held as choses
in action by the estate (see s 10(1) of the Civil Law Act (Cap 43, 1999 Rev
Ed)). However, as the appellant accepts, an executor’s duty is only to do what
is reasonable, which will depend on all the circumstances of each case. One
relevant factor will certainly be whether there was in fact a cause of action,
while another factor would be the potential value of such a cause of action to
the estate, given the costs that the estate would be put to in pursuing that
claim. In this case, the facts show that there was either no cause of action
to speak of, or that the value of any such cause of action to the Estate would
be minimal or non-existent.

10 In relation to the 2007 Transaction, we see no reason to depart from the
Judge’s findings at [27] of the GD that the $200,000 withdrawal was not done
by or for the benefit of Ms Chye Moi June. Hence, having asked Ms Chye Moi
June what happened with this sum of money and having received her answer which
was consistent with the facts, the respondent was entitled to accept that
response and not pursue the matter further.

11 We turn to the 2014 Transaction, which was a withdrawal of $15,300 by Ms
Chye Moi June from the OCBC Joint Account for the purpose of subscribing to a
rights issue of OCBC shares on the Testator’s behalf without the Testator’s
consent. Here, we also find that the respondent had not breached his duty as
executor. Even if we assume that Ms Chye Moi June had breached her duty as
resulting trustee in withdrawing the said funds, and even if there was a cause
of action arising from that breach, we find that the cause of action would be
of no value to the Estate. No loss was actually caused to the Estate, as the
shares subscribed for were in fact included in the Schedule of Assets and the
Statement of Accounts, and the shares had appreciated in value. The assets,
far from being reduced by Ms Chye Moi June’s actions, were in fact increased
by that act, a fact accepted by the appellant in cross-examination. As these
facts were provided by Ms Chye Moi June to the respondent upon his inquiry, it
was reasonable for him not to pursue the matter further.

The Killiney Property

12 In relation to the Killiney Property, we find that the respondent had no
reason to inquire further into the division of the sale proceeds as, in truth,
the equal division of those proceeds accurately reflected the Testator’s and
Ms Chye Moi June’s respective shares in the property. The parties’ dispute
turns on how a loan for 34% of the purchase price of the Killiney Property
should be treated – the appellant argues that half of it should be attributed
to the Testator, while the respondent argues that all of it was Ms Chye Moi
June’s contribution to the purchase price.

13 As this court held in Su Emmanuel v Emmanuel Priya Ethel Anne and another
[2016] 3 SLR 122 (“Su Emmanuel”) at [89], the central issue when such
arguments are raised is the responsibility that was undertaken by each party
for the loan repayments at the time the property was acquired, with the
crucial consideration being the parties’ intentions as to the ultimate source
of funds. We find, on the evidence, that it was intended by the Testator and
Ms Chye Moi June that the latter would be solely responsible for repayment of
the loan as her contribution to the purchase price.

(a) The nature of the loan shows that the liability to repay was taken on by
Ms Chye Moi June alone as the sole borrower. The Testator was involved only as
a co-mortgagor and had only a secondary liability. The mere fact that the
Testator, as co-owner of the property, was a co-mortgagor is not significant
given that the bank would naturally wish to have a claim over the whole
property rather than just a half-share, a point similar to that made by this
court at [90] of Su Emmanuel.

(b) The appellant’s own testimony supports this finding, when he claimed that
the Testator was dissatisfied with the arrangement with his daughter because
they had contemplated equal contributions in cash, and he was not happy with
the fact that Ms Chye Moi June had financed her contribution partly with a
loan. Assuming that the appellant’s testimony on this is true, this is
evidence in favour of the respondent’s position that the Testator and Ms Chye
Moi June had intended to make equal contributions to the purchase price as any
dissatisfaction was only with the manner in which Ms Chye Moi June financed
her contribution to half of the purchase price.

(c) The parties’ conduct during their co-ownership of the Killiney Property is
consistent with this understanding. At no time did the Testator contribute to
repayment of the loan. Under cross-examination, the appellant also conceded
that he had no quarrel with fact that only half of the rental income was given
to the Testator.

(d) Upon the sale of the Killiney Property, the sale proceeds were divided in
half, and the amount repaid to the Central Provident Fund (“CPF”) Board for
withdrawals from Ms Chye Moi June’s CPF account (part of which was used to
service the loan) as well as the redemption amount paid to the bank were
deducted entirely from Ms Chye Moi June’s share.

14 Hence, it follows that (a) there is no reason for equity to depart from the
position in law that the Testator and Ms Chye Moi June were tenants in common
in equal shares; (b) the sale proceeds were properly distributed in 2007; and
(c) there was nothing for the respondent to inquire into when he became
executor of the Estate.

Deduction of legal expenses

15 The appellant also submits that the respondent had wrongfully deducted
certain legal expenses from the Estate. He claimed that the respondent had
incurred those expenses unreasonably as part of his refusal to make the proper
inquiries. Given the conclusions above, there is no case to be made on this
point as we have found that the respondent had acted properly. We therefore
conclude that these legal expenses were properly deducted as testamentary and
administrative expenses (see Foo Jee Boo at [77]).

Distribution of the Estate

16 Finally, the appellant claims that the respondent had breached his duty by
attaching a condition that the appellant countersign and accept the Statement
of Account before the Cheque for his share of the residuary estate would be
released to the appellant. We find no merit in this argument. “An assent … may
be given upon a condition precedent” (see Alexander Learmonth et al, Williams,
Mortimer and Sunnucks on Executors, Administrators and Probate (Sweet &
Maxwell, 21st Ed, 2018) at para 76–19). The condition imposed in this case was
entirely proper. The appellant’s potential interest was only in the residuary
estate, as cl 3 of the Will makes clear. Hence, his share was “[s]ubject to
the payment of [the Testator’s] debts, funeral and testamentary expenses and
all estate duty payable”, including legal expenses, as discussed above. If the
appellant continued to press his objections (as he did), that would result in
further legal expenses being incurred. Ultimately, if the objections were
unmeritorious, then the Estate would have been put to expense without a
corresponding increase in the assets of the Estate. Given the nature of the
residuary estate, it was entirely appropriate for the respondent to withhold
distribution until it was clear that no further expenses would be incurred in
the administration of the Estate.

Conclusion

17 We are therefore of the view that the appellant’s claims are without merit.
As a further point, we note that the appellant had also sought an account on a
common basis, which is not contingent on a finding of misconduct (see the
decision of the High Court in Lalwani Shalini Gobind and another v Lalwani
Ashok Bherumal [2017] SGHC 90 (“Lalwani”) at [20] and [25]). However, in the
present case, the account on a common basis has been sought only as a remedy
in the alternative to the removal of the respondent as sole executor and, for
the reasons set out above, we do not see any basis for granting the appellant
any remedy for alleged wrongdoing by the respondent. We also note that an
account on a common basis would not extend to what the appellant actually
seeks, as the taking of a common account only extends to “what was actually
received and [the executor’s] disbursement and distribution of it”, and not
what “he might have received had it not been for the default” (see the
decision of this court in Ong Jane Rebecca v Lim Lie Hoa and others [2005]
SGCA 4 at [55], cited in Lalwani at [25]). In reality, therefore, the taking
of an account on a common basis is not the real remedy sought by the appellant
in this case, and in any event, it is not clear what else needs to be done
given that the Statement of Account has already been provided.

18 For the foregoing reasons, we dismiss the appeal. The appellant is to pay
$31,500 (all-in) to the respondent as costs of the appeal. The usual
consequential orders will apply.

Andrew Phang Boon Leong  
Justice of the Court of Appeal| Tay Yong Kwang  
Justice of the Court of Appeal  
---|---  
Steven Chong  
Justice of the Court of Appeal|  
  
Lim Seng Siew, Lip Wei De Eric and Chloe Chua Kay Ee (OTP Law Corporation) for
the appellant;

Michael Khoo Kah Lip SC and Low Miew Yin Josephine (Michael Khoo & Partners)
and Chiok Beng Piow (AM Legal LLC) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 09 Sep 2021 (11:22 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

