Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC 123

Suit No 373 of 2018

Between

Dong Wei  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Shell Eastern Trading (Pte) Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| Lim Ming Way  
  
… Defendants

grounds of decision

[Employment Law] — [Contract of service] — [Breach] — [Implied term of mutual
trust and confidence]

[Tort] — [Negligence] — [Res ipsa loquitur]

[Tort] — [Conspiracy]

[Tort] — [Malicious falsehood]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Dong Wei

  
v

  

Shell Eastern Trading (Pte) Ltd and another

[2021] SGHC 123

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 373 of 2018  
Aedit Abdullah J  
14–17 July, 25–28 August, 1–2 September, 1 December 2020

27 May 2021

Aedit Abdullah J:

1 The plaintiff in this case has appealed against my decision to dismiss his
claims against the first defendant, his former employer, and the second
defendant, his former manager who was also in the employ of the first
defendant at the material time. Brief remarks were conveyed earlier. These are
my full grounds.

Background

2 By way of a contract of employment dated 28 July 2006, the plaintiff was
employed as a Trading Operator by the first defendant. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents dated 6 July 2020 (“ABOD”) Tab 84 at pp 421–424.

He was later promoted to the position of Senior Freight Trader in or around
2012 to 2013, 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Dong Wei’s Affidavit of Evidence-In-Chief dated 8 July 2020 (“Dong Wei AEIC”)
at para 6.

with the second defendant as his line manager. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Dong Wei AEIC at para 61; Lim Ming Wei’s Affidavit of Evidence-In-Chief dated
8 July 2020 (“Lim Ming Wei AEIC”) at para 1.

An incident between the plaintiff and Vitol Asia Pte Ltd (“Vitol”) on 29
September 2017 kickstarted a series of events which ultimately culminated in
the termination of the plaintiff’s employment in 2018. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Dong Wei AEIC at para 7.

The plaintiff’s various causes of action were largely related to the first and
second defendants’ conduct following the incident with Vitol.

The September 2017 incident concerning Vitol

The plaintiff’s version of events

3 On 24 September 2017, the plaintiff found out that Vitol had “taken on
subjects”, a newly built vessel, SC Taurus, to carry a gas oil cargo (the
“Cargo”) along the transpacific route from Nanjing to the United States. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Dong Wei AEIC at paras 37–38.

A broker from another company also discussed this Cargo with the plaintiff,
but stopped giving updates after a while. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Dong Wei AEIC at paras 41–45 and pp 193 and 195.

To gather more information about this Cargo, the plaintiff then decided to
call Mr Jason Balota (“Mr Balota”), 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Dong Wei AEIC at paras 46–47 and 53.

an oil trader at Vitol who previously worked for the first defendant in the
same team as the plaintiff, 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Dong Wei AEIC at paras 48 and 50.

on 29 September 2017. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Dong Wei AEIC at paras 45–46.

4 During the call with Mr Balota, the plaintiff asked Mr Balota who in Vitol
traded gas oil. He also informed Mr Balota that he had heard about a gas oil
cargo in Nanjing and asked if that cargo was Vitol’s. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Dong Wei AEIC at para 49.

In response, Mr Balota confirmed that he traded gas oil, and that the gas oil
cargo in Nanjing belonged to Vitol. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Dong Wei AEIC at para 50.

Thereafter, the plaintiff asked Mr Balota about a “cheap ship” which he heard
Vitol had “taken on subjects” to ship that cargo, and then cancelled. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Dong Wei AEIC at para 51.

Mr Balota claimed that he was unaware of these matters, and that he thought
that his charterer already had a ship for that cargo. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Dong Wei AEIC at para 54.

In his affidavit, the plaintiff explained that “cheap ship” meant a newly
built vessel, 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Dong Wei AEIC at para 52.

and that this was an implied reference to SC Taurus. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Dong Wei AEIC at para 53.

It was the plaintiff’s position that he only wanted to gather more information
about the Cargo; he did not attempt to offer or promote SC Taurus to Vitol. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Dong Wei AEIC at para 53.

5 Shortly after the plaintiff’s call with Mr Balota, Vitol’s chartering
manager, Mr Ben Jones (“Mr Jones”), contacted the plaintiff to demand an
explanation as to why the plaintiff contacted Mr Balota instead of him. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Dong Wei AEIC at para 56.

Mr Jones appeared to be operating under the incorrect impression that the
plaintiff was asking Mr Balota to charter a cheaper vessel for the Cargo, and
was upset that the plaintiff did not approach him instead, given that he was
the charterer for Vitol. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Dong Wei AEIC at paras 56–57.

The plaintiff informed Mr Jones that he did not have a vessel to offer Vitol,
and that he knew that Vitol already had a vessel “on subjects”. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Dong Wei AEIC at para 57.

6 The plaintiff then contacted the second defendant to inform him about the
conversation he had with Mr Jones. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Dong Wei AEIC at para 61.

The second defendant’s version of events

7 The second defendant confirmed that on or about 29 September 2017, the
plaintiff called to inform him about the run-in with Mr Jones. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Lim Ming Wei AEIC at para 15.

The second defendant also alleged that the plaintiff had said that he, the
plaintiff, contacted the Vitol products trader, Mr Balota, to “help a friend”,
one “Stone Sun”, and that the plaintiff mentioned his friend’s shipping
company to Mr Balota when discussing a cargo. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Lim Ming Wei AEIC at para 16.

8 Subsequently, the second defendant met Mr Jones on 12 October 2017 in
person. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Lim Ming Wei AEIC at para 28.

During this meeting, Mr Jones allegedly informed the second defendant of two
matters:

(a) In 2017, the plaintiff called a Vitol products trader and tried to market
a third-party vessel to that products trader. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Lim Ming Wei AEIC at para 28.

(b) Back in 2016, First Fleet made an unsolicited attempt to market one of
their vessels for a particular set of Vitol cargo, when at the material time,
the existence of that set of Vitol cargo was disclosed only to the plaintiff.
The second defendant understood this to be an insinuation that the plaintiff
had improperly imparted exclusive information meant for the first defendant to
First Fleet. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Lim Ming Wei AEIC at para 29.

9 Troubled by these matters, 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Lim Ming Wei AEIC at paras 30–31.

the second defendant sent an email to Mr Stavros Kokkinis (“Mr Kokkinis”) on
12 October 2017 (the “12 October Email”), providing contemporaneous minutes of
his meeting with Mr Jones. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Lim Ming Wei AEIC at para 32.

Mr Kokkinis was the General Manager, Freight & Oil Specialties, Trading &
Supply Products with Shell International Trading and Shipping Company Limited,
an affiliate of the first defendant. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Stavros Kokkinis’ Affidavit of Evidence-In-Chief dated 2 July 2020 (“Mr
Kokkinis AEIC”) at para 1; Lim Ming Wei AEIC at para 13.

Among other matters, the 12 October Email informed Mr Kokkinis of the two
complaints that Mr Jones made against the plaintiff: 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

ABOD Tab 1 at p 13.

… Based on info from Vitol’s chartering manager, here’s a quick note.

\- [The plaintiff] tried contacting Vitol cargo trader and tried to market a
3rd party vessel** circumventing the proper channel of going through their
Chartering manager.

…

\- [The second defendant] was told about another incident last year that a
Vitol cargo was shown to [the plaintiff] and the broker First Fleet/Link
Global, contacted Vitol to offer vessel thereafter where this broker was not
in Vitol initial communication chain.

** 3rd party vessel belongs to [the plaintiff’s] friend company.

These complaints were then circulated to members of the Shell Group’s
management and compliance teams. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

ABOD Tab 3 at pp 17–19; ABOD Tab 4 at pp 21–23; ABOD Tab 5 at pp 25–27.

Project Hudson

10 On 20 October 2017, the first defendant’s Business Integrity Department
(“BID”) commenced an investigation against the plaintiff, codenamed Project
Hudson. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

ABOD Tab 10 at pp 41–44.

The terms of reference (“TOR”) for Project Hudson specified the following
allegations against the plaintiff: 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

ABOD Tab 10 at p 42, para 3.

Concerns have been raised regarding the actions of [the plaintiff], a Freight
Trader employed by [the first defendant]. It was alleged that [the plaintiff]
offered/promoted the services of a friend’s shipping company (Caesar Services
Shipping) to a Vitol trader regarding a deal that [the first defendant] was
not party to. Concerns were also raised that a similar incident occurred in
2016 involving First Fleet/Link Global and a Vitol deal.

First Fleet/Link Global was subsequently referred to as Firstlink Global Pte
Ltd (“FLG”) in the investigation report for Project Hudson. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

ABOD Tab 42 at p 158, para 1.

For consistency, I will hereafter refer to this entity as “FLG”. The
investigation sought to establish the facts and circumstances concerning the
allegations, in order to determine whether there had been any breaches of the
first defendant’s Code of Conduct (“CoC”) and General Business Principles, and
in particular, whether there had been conflicts of interest. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

ABOD Tab 10 at p 42, para 7.

The TOR listed Mr Colin James Shanks (“Mr Shanks”) as the case manager, Ms
Sumitra Balasundaram (“Ms Sumitra”) as the investigator, and Mr Kokkinis and
Mr Greg Marten (“Mr Marten”) as members of the distribution list. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

ABOD Tab 10 at p 41.

The TOR also emphasised the need to keep the investigations confidential. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

ABOD Tab 10 at p 41 and p 43, para 11.

11 On 23 October 2017, the plaintiff went down to the first defendant’s
premises for an interview with Ms Sumitra. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Dong Wei AEIC at para 116.

At the interview, the plaintiff described the conversations he had with Mr
Balota and Mr Jones, 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents dated 9 July 2020 (“PBOD”) Tab 10 at pp 27–28.

explained his reasons for contacting Mr Balota over Mr Jones, 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

PBOD Tab 10 at p 30.

and emphasised that his motive for calling Mr Balota was not to offer a “cheap
ship”, but to gather information about the Cargo. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

PBOD Tab 10 at pp 27–30.

12 After the plaintiff’s interview concluded, he was given a Notification of
Mandatory Paid Leave of Absence and Investigation (the “Notification Letter”),
41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Dong Wei AEIC at para 128; ABOD Tab 53 at p 197.

which essentially informed him that he was suspended from work. The
Notification Letter also stated that the plaintiff would be informed of the
outcome once the investigation was completed.

13 Apart from the plaintiff, BID also interviewed other persons in the course
of its investigations: the second defendant, Mr Balota, Mr Jones, Mr Stephen
Forsyth (“Mr Forsyth”), the Regional Team Leader for Freight, and Mr Philip
Choi (“Mr Choi”), the General Manager for Trading. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

ABOD Tab 42 at p 161, para 16.

The plaintiff’s electronically stored information (“ESI”), which included the
plaintiff’s electronic correspondences with others, was also extracted and
reviewed by BID. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

ABOD Tab 42 at pp 161 and 165–166, paras 16 and 24–31.

14 On 21 November 2017, BID released its investigation report (“BID Report”)
which summarised its key findings and concluded that the investigation was
“inconclusive”. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

ABOD Tab 42 at pp 158–159, paras 3–5 and p 167, paras 35–37.

It was undisputed that even after the investigation had concluded, the
investigation outcome was withheld from the plaintiff, 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Dong Wei AEIC at para 248; Mr Kokkinis AEIC at para 36.

and the plaintiff continued to be suspended until the termination of his
employment on 10 January 2018.

Events after Project Hudson

The Platts Query and Platts Article

15 On 29 November 2017, an editor from S&P Global Platts (“Platts”) reached
out to the first defendant, claiming that there was “a lot of chatter” that a
few members of the first defendant’s Singapore chartering team were under
investigation for “corruption” and “receiving kickbacks from brokers”. The
editor further claimed that one of the employees under investigation was the
plaintiff, and requested for “some details of this investigation and its
findings” (the “Platts Query”). 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

ABOD Tab 44 at p 172.

The first defendant’s spokesperson, Ms Sonia Meyer (“Ms Meyer”), replied that
“[i]t would not be appropriate to comment on personnel matters”, and that “as
a general matter”, the first defendant’s employees have to comply with the CoC
and the first defendant investigates allegations of breaches of this code. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

ABOD Tab 44 at p 172.

16 Shortly after, Platts published an online article on 12 December 2017 (the
“Platts Article”), claiming that: 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

ABOD Tab 100 at p 617.

… [The first defendant] is investigating claims of unethical dealings
including charges of corruption in its tanker chartering team in Singapore and
at least one employee has been asked to take leave pending further
investigation …

It all started a few weeks ago when one member of the chartering team, acting
as a whistleblower, made a complaint against a colleague for allegedly
channeling a large part of the chartering business through a specific
brokerage for pecuniary gains, sources said.

17 Platts confirmed that neither the first nor second defendant was the source
of its information for both the Platts Article and Platts Query. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

S&P Global Asian Holdings Pte Ltd’s Answer to Interrogatories dated 23 June
2020 (“S&P Interrogatories”) at paras 2 and 4.

Termination of the plaintiff’s employment and events post-termination

18 On 10 January 2018, the plaintiff attended a meeting (the “Dismissal
Meeting”) at the first defendant’s premises with Mr Kokkinis, Ms Leah Ng (“Ms
Ng”) from Human Resources (“HR”) and Mr Leong Wei Hung (“Mr Leong”), who took
over Mr Choi as the President of the first defendant. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Dong Wei AEIC at para 295.

During the Dismissal Meeting, the plaintiff was told that the first defendant
had decided to exercise its contractual right to terminate his employment with
three months’ notice. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

ABOD Tab 62 at p 238, sub-page 2 lines 10–25.

Mr Kokkinis explained to the plaintiff that the decision to terminate was not
a direct consequence of the outcome of the latest investigation; rather, it
was the events over the last few years that led the first defendant to
conclude that the plaintiff and the first defendant could no longer continue
working together. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

ABOD Tab 62 at p 238, sub-page 2 lines 1–9.

The plaintiff insisted that he wanted to know the investigation outcome, but
his requests were denied repeatedly. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

ABOD Tab 62 at pp 238–239, sub-page 3 line 7 – sub-page 8 line 18.

Towards the end of the Dismissal Meeting, the plaintiff was presented with a
Notice of Cessation, 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

ABOD Tab 87 at pp 453–454.

which he refused to sign without the benefit of legal advice. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

ABOD Tab 62 at pp 249–250, sub-page 45 line 5 – sub-page 51 line 15.

19 After the termination of his employment, the plaintiff claimed that he
sought employment from other firms in the freight trading industry but was
rejected by four companies. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Dong Wei AEIC at paras 309–323.

The first rejected the plaintiff on the grounds that it came across newspapers
reporting “something uncertain related to [the plaintiff’s] previous job in
[the first defendant]”. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

ABOD Tab 76 at p 402.

The other three companies allegedly rejected the plaintiff because the first
defendant did not provide a letter clarifying the outcome of its
investigations against the plaintiff. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Dong Wei AEIC at paras 317–322.

Summary of the plaintiff’s case

20 The plaintiff launched the following causes of action against the first
defendant:

(a) breach of the implied term of mutual trust and confidence found in his
employment contract;

(b) tort of conspiracy, along with the second defendant;

(c) tort of negligence; and

(d) vicarious liability for the second defendant’s tortious conduct.

21 With regards to the second defendant, the plaintiff claimed that he was
liable for the following tortious conduct:

(a) tort of conspiracy, along with Mr Kokkinis and other members of the first
defendant;

(b) tort of inducing breach of contract; and

(c) tort of malicious falsehood.

22 As against the first defendant, the plaintiff argued that the implied term
of mutual trust and confidence contained in the plaintiff’s employment
contract, obliged the employer (ie, the first defendant) not to act in a
manner which would undermine the plaintiff’s current employment and future job
prospects by damaging his reputation, as well as not to suspend the plaintiff
without proper and reasonable cause. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions dated 9 November 2020 (“PRS”) at para 19.

However, the first defendant, by mismanaging investigations, suspending the
plaintiff and refusing to inform the plaintiff of the investigation outcome,
60

##### Foot Note 60

×

PRS at paras 7–8.

caused reputational damage to the plaintiff and impaired the plaintiff’s
future job prospects. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

PRS at para 20.

The plaintiff also seemed to have pleaded in his Statement of Claim that the
first defendant had breached this implied term by dismissing him arbitrarily,
capriciously, and/or in bad faith, without proper and reasonable cause. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 6) dated 25 August 2020 (“SOC”) at para 5.

23 Secondly, it was argued that members of the first defendant had conspired
with the second defendant to conceal the investigation outcome from the
plaintiff, procure his continued suspension, and concoct various reasons to
justify the plaintiff’s dismissal. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions dated 26 October 2020 (“PCS”) at para 245.

A combination between the alleged parties could be inferred, amongst other
matters, from the close confidence shared between Mr Kokkinis and the second
defendant. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

PCS at paras 241–242 and 248; PRS at paras 70–71.

It was also contended that Mr Kokkinis and the second defendant intended to
cause the termination of the plaintiff’s employment, 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

PRS at para 69.

and that the means employed in furtherance of this conspiracy were unlawful as
they amounted to breaches of the implied term of mutual trust and confidence.
66

##### Foot Note 66

×

PCS at para 244; PRS at para 72.

24 Third, the plaintiff submitted that the first defendant was negligent in
failing to take reasonable care to ensure that confidential information
pertaining to the investigation would not be leaked to the public. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

PCS at para 227.

The first defendant owed the plaintiff a duty to ensure that the
confidentiality of the investigation was protected, as this was one of the
first defendant’s investigation principles. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

PCS at para 229.

The plaintiff primarily relied on the doctrine of res ipsa loquitur to
establish that there had been a breach of this duty. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

PCS at paras 231–239.

25 The plaintiff’s final claim against the first defendant was that it was
vicariously liable for the tortious conduct of the second defendant. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

PCS at paras 354–357.

The plaintiff contended that it was fair, just and reasonable to hold the
first defendant vicariously liable. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

PCS at para 357.

26 Turning now to the plaintiff’s claims against the second defendant, the
plaintiff first argued that the latter was liable under the tort of malicious
falsehood for sending the 12 October Email which contained false statements.
72

##### Foot Note 72

×

SOC at paras 5A(i) and 5A(ii).

The plaintiff mainly relied on what Mr Jones told BID during his interview to
establish the falsity of these statements; 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

PCS paras 58 and 62; PRS at paras 75 and 76.

and as for the element of malice, the plaintiff pointed to circumstantial
evidence demonstrating the second defendant’s determination to establish some
misconduct on the part of the plaintiff, 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

PCS at paras 79–89.

and his motive to get the plaintiff’s employment terminated. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

PCS at para 107.

The plaintiff’s second claim was that the second defendant had induced the
first defendant to breach the implied term of mutual trust and confidence, by
bringing the allegations to the first defendant’s attention, prolonging the
investigation, and influencing the investigations as an interested party. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

PCS at para 224.

Summary of the defendants’ case

27 The crux of the defendants’ case was that the plaintiff’s various causes of
action were unsupported by evidence. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Defendants’ Closing Submissions dated 26 October 2020 (“DCS”) at para 8.

The plaintiff’s misfortune, if any, could only be attributed to the
publication of the Platts Article. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

DCS at paras 9 and 166–171; Defendants’ Reply Submissions dated 9 November
2020 (“DRS”) at paras 16–18.

Despite asserting that the Platts Article had defamed him, the plaintiff had
inexplicably chosen only to sue the first defendant, which undertook the
investigation as any reasonable employer would have done, and the second
defendant, who had acted according to his duties as an employee. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

DCS at para 9.

28 The plaintiff’s claim that there had been a breach of the implied term of
mutual trust and confidence was legally unsustainable, 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

DCS at para 8.

as a limited approach should be taken towards the implication of this term. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

DCS at para 54.

This claim was also factually unsustainable: 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

DCS at para 8.

the investigation against the plaintiff had not been mismanaged, 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

DCS at paras 91–97 and paras 109–114.

and while it was not necessary to inform the plaintiff of the investigation
outcome, 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

DCS at para 16.

it was necessary to suspend the plaintiff pending investigations. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

DCS at para 77.

The termination of the plaintiff’s employment was also supported by logic and
reason. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

DCS at para 127.

29 As for the plaintiff’s claims in tort against the first defendant, the
first defendant submitted that the plaintiff’s claim in conspiracy ought to
fail: there was no contemporaneous evidence showing any such agreement between
the alleged parties to the conspiracy, 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

DCS at paras 138 and 140.

no proof an intention to cause damage or injury, 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

DCS at paras 141–142.

and the means of the conspiracy, if any, were not unlawful. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

DCS at paras 143.

The plaintiff’s claim in negligence was also not made out as the first
defendant had taken reasonable care in protecting the confidentiality of the
investigation, and there was no evidence showing that the defendants had
leaked information regarding the investigation to Platts, or to any third
party. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

DCS at paras 82–85.

Further, since the close connection test was not satisfied, the first
defendant should not be held vicariously liable for the second defendant’s
tortious acts, if any. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

DRS at para 59.

30 Finally, as against the plaintiff’s claim in the tort of malicious
falsehood, the second defendant submitted that the content of the second
defendant’s email was largely truthful, primarily because it was corroborated
by BID’s interview with Mr Jones (as summarised in the BID Report). 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

DCS at paras 150 and 152; DRS at para 53.

In so far as some parts of that email might not be true, the second defendant
had an honest belief in its truth, and did not act with reckless disregard as
to its truth. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

DCS at para 153.

The decision

31 The plaintiff did not succeed in its claims against both the first and
second defendants. I accepted that Singapore law recognised an implied term of
mutual trust and confidence in employment contracts, but there was nothing of
the nature here that would amount to a breach of this term. The plaintiff’s
other causes of action regarding conspiracy, negligence and tort of malicious
falsehood, were not supported by sufficient evidence. Accordingly, neither
vicarious liability nor liability for inducing a breach of contract could
attach to the first defendant and second defendant respectively.

Analysis

Claims against the first defendant

Implied term of mutual trust and confidence

The law on the implied term of mutual trust and confidence: general principles

32 As regards the obligation of mutual trust and confidence, I accepted that
this is implied by law in employment contracts, as has been recognised in a
number of cases. The formulation of the implied term of mutual trust and
confidence is as follows: an employer shall not, without reasonable and proper
cause, conduct itself in a manner calculated and likely to destroy or
seriously damage the relationship of confidence and trust between employer and
employee. Part of the content of this broad obligation goes to anything that
affects the continuation of the relationship, and thus may overlap or be
related to constructive dismissal. Nonetheless, a breach of this implied term
can support an independent cause of action separate from constructive
dismissal.

(1) Plaintiff’s arguments on the law

33 The plaintiff argued that the implied term of mutual trust and confidence
is well-established in Singapore by the High Court in Cheah Peng Hock v Luzhou
Bio-Chem Technology Ltd [2013] 2 SLR 577 (“Cheah Peng Hock”) and Wong Wei
Leong Edward and another v Acclaim Insurance Brokers Pte Ltd and another suit
[2010] SGHC 352 (“Edward Wong”), as well as by the Court of Appeal in Wee Kim
San Lawrence Bernard v Robinson & Co (Singapore) Pte Ltd [2014] 4 SLR 357
(“Wee Kim San”). 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

PCS at para 130; PRS at paras 13–16.

Malik v Bank of Credit and Commerce International SA (in liquidation) [1998]
AC 20 (“Malik”) has been cited with approval in these cases. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

PRS at paras 13–16.

As a term implied in law rather than in fact, the “business efficacy” test
does not apply to determine whether this term ought to be implied. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

PRS at paras 22–25.

Moreover, the concept of constructive dismissal and the implied term of mutual
trust and confidence are distinct but closely related, and the latter is
independently actionable (Wee Kim San at [28]). 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

PRS at para 10.

(2) Defendants’ arguments on the law

34 Applying the “business efficacy” test to the plaintiff’s employment
contract, 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

DCS at paras 11(b) and 14–19.

the defendants argued that it was unnecessary to imply a duty to inform the
plaintiff of the outcome of the investigation or to provide the plaintiff with
a letter “clearing him of the allegations”, 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

DCS at paras 10(a) and 11(b).

nor was it necessary to imply a duty not to improperly suspend the plaintiff
and not mismanage the investigation. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

DCS at paras 10(b) and 11(b).

35 The defendants were also of the view that it is not yet settled that
Singapore has accepted UK’s approach towards the implied term of mutual trust
and confidence. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

DCS at para 31.

Hence, they took the opportunity to argue for a more limited approach towards
the implied duty of mutual trust and confidence, 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

DCS at para 11(c).

that is, the term should only be implied where the alleged trust-destroying
conduct directly leads to wrongful dismissal or constructive dismissal, and
the employer’s alleged trust-destroying conduct must be seriously deplorable
before it can give rise to an independent cause of action unconnected with
dismissal. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

DCS at para 54.

It was submitted that this ought to be the position in Singapore because,
among other reasons, Malik represents an unacceptably wide departure from the
original purpose of the implied term. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

DCS at para 48.

(3) Examination of English cases

36 In the seminal case of Malik, the House of Lords accepted that there is a
term implied by law in all contracts of employment, that the employer shall
not “without reasonable and proper cause, conduct itself in a manner
calculated and likely to destroy or seriously damage the relationship of
confidence and trust between employer and employee” (Malik at 45F per Lord
Steyn). Otherwise known as the implied term of mutual trust and confidence,
this term places a “portmanteau, general obligation” on the employer “not to
engage in conduct likely to undermine the trust and confidence required if the
employment relationship is to continue in the manner the employment contract
implicitly envisages” (Malik at 35A per Lord Nicholls).

37 The purpose of the trust and confidence implied term is to facilitate the
proper functioning of the employment contract and protect the employment
relationship (Malik at 36E and 37H per Lord Nicholls). It seeks to strike a
balance between “an employer’s interest in managing his business as he sees
fit and the employee’s interest in not being unfairly and improperly
exploited” (Malik at 46D per Lord Steyn).

38 The determination of whether there has been a breach involves an objective
assessment of all the circumstances (Malik at 35C per Lord Nicholls). Proof of
a subjective loss of confidence in the employer is not an essential element of
the breach (Malik at 35E per Lord Nicholls). Similarly, the employer’s
intention and motives are not determinative or even relevant (Malik at 47G per
Lord Steyn). The focus of the inquiry is on the impact of the employer’s
behaviour on the employee (Malik at 47B per Lord Steyn).

39 This impact, however, must not be trivial, as the court does not generally
manage the employment relationship in detail (Lu v Nottingham University
Hospitals NHS Trust [2014] EWHC 690 (QB) at [105]; Gogay v Hertfordshire
County Council [2000] IRLR 703 (“Gogay”) at [55]). The employee may rely on a
series of actions on the part of the employer which can cumulatively amount to
a breach of the term, even though each individual incident may not do so
(Lewis v Motorworld Garages Ltd [1985] IRLR 465 at 469 per Glidewell LJ;
Omilaju v Waltham Forest London Borough Council [2005] 1 All ER 75 at [15] and
[19]).

(4) Examination of Singapore cases

40 The implied term of mutual trust and confidence can be said to have
strongly taken root in local jurisprudence after Cheah Peng Hock: Ravi
Chandran, Employment Law in Singapore (LexisNexis, 6th Ed, 2019) (“Ravi
Chandran”) at para 4.434. In Cheah Peng Hock, the High Court unequivocally
held that unless there are express terms to the contrary, or the context
implies otherwise, an implied term of mutual trust and confidence is implied
by law into a contract of employment under Singapore law (at [59]). This
implied term includes a duty of fidelity, ie, a duty to act honestly and
faithfully (at [55]), but is limited to the manner of treatment within the
employment relationship (at [58]). Parties may exclude or modify the implied
term to limit its content (at [59]). As for the breach of this implied term,
an objective assessment must be undertaken (at [58]), and a cumulative series
of acts taken together can result in a breach of this implied term (at [132]).
The court in Cheah Peng Hock then applied these general principles to its
facts, eventually finding that there was a breach of this implied term. As
this breach amounted to a repudiatory breach, the court found that there had
been constructive dismissal and awarded damages to the employee accordingly.
The breach of the implied term of mutual trust and confidence thus formed part
of the ratio in Cheah Peng Hock.

41 There was also recognition of this implied term in obiter by other High
Court cases (see Edward Wong at [52]; Brader Daniel John and others v
Commerzbank AG [2014] 2 SLR 81 (“Brader Daniel John”) at [110]–[113]).

42 Thereafter, the Court of Appeal in Wee Kim San dealt with an application to
strike out a claim for damages for constructive dismissal and alternatively, a
breach of the implied term of mutual trust and confidence. In doing so, it
analysed the types and extent of damages recoverable from a breach of the
implied term. Notably, the court struck out the appellant’s claim on the basis
that the extent of damages he was claiming was legally unsustainable (at
[22]), and appeared to have proceeded on the assumption that the implied duty
of mutual trust and confidence was part of Singapore law, though this was not
explicitly stated: Ravi Chandran at para 4.435; Dennis Ong & Steven Ang,
Singapore Employment Law (Cengage Learning Asia Pte Ltd, 2017) at p 101.

(5) Conclusion on the general principles applicable to the implied term of
mutual trust and confidence

43 An examination of Singapore authorities on this issue demonstrated that the
implied term of mutual trust and confidence has been accepted into Singapore
law as a term implied by law in employment contracts. While the implied term
of mutual trust and confidence has a broad scope that covers anything that
affects the continuation of the employment relationship, its contents may be
excluded or modified by express terms in the employment contract.

44 It is also clear that a breach of this implied term is independently
actionable. The determination of whether there has been a breach involves an
objective consideration of the impact of the employer’s act(s), either
individually or cumulatively, on the employee. The issue, specifically, is
whether that impact is of a nature that is likely to destroy or seriously
damage the relationship of trust and confidence required for the employment
relationship to function. In this analysis, proof of a subjective loss of
confidence in the employer is not an essential element of the breach, and the
employer’s intention and motives are not determinative or even relevant. Even
if the employer’s conduct has such a severe impact on the relationship of
trust and confidence, the employer will not be in breach of the implied term
if that conduct is supported by a reasonable and proper cause.

The law on the implied term of mutual trust and confidence: suspensions and
investigations

45 I accepted that under the current state of our law the implied term of
mutual trust and confidence would extend to stigma and analogous situations to
some extent, and would within bounds regulate the employer’s conduct in
suspending and investigating employees. But I did not accept that the
obligation extends to suspension of employees, the conduct of investigations,
or inquiry in the broad manner advocated by the plaintiff’s counsel.

(1) Parties’ arguments on the law

46 The plaintiff argued that this implied term has a broad scope which
includes the duty “not to suspend an employee for disciplinary purposes
without proper and reasonable cause” (Cheah Peng Hock at [56]). 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

PRS at para 17.

The implied term also requires the employer to conduct investigations in
accordance to principles of natural justice. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

PRS at paras 37–40.

47 The defendants, on the other hand, argued that internal investigations
conducted by an employer should not be subject to principles of natural
justice, which are concepts of public law; 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

DCS at para 61.

employers ought to have the latitude to design its own investigation
procedures as long as general notions of fairness are observed. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

DCS at para 17.

There was also no duty not to improperly suspend the plaintiff, 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

DCS at paras 10(b) and 11.

as it is the employer’s prerogative to decide whether it wants the employee to
work, or not. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

DCS at paras 18 and 73.

The defendants’ submissions were on the basis that the implied term of mutual
trust and confidence was an implied term in fact, 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

DCS at paras 11(b), 14 and 19.

but I set it out here nonetheless, as it did have some relevance as to what
the content of the implied term ought to be.

(2) Discussion

48 I did not accept that an employer’s obligations under the implied term of
mutual trust and confidence are as narrowly defined as the defendants argue –
this implied term does impose some obligations on the employer when it carries
out investigations and suspensions. However, I did not conclude that the
implied term is so broad as to import all the obligations contended for by the
plaintiff.

49 Guidance on the degree of obligations imposed, in so far as investigations
and suspensions are concerned, can be sought from English and local case law.

50 Two contrasting British cases, not cited by the parties, help illustrate
the issue. On the issue of whether the employer had conducted investigations
against an employee in breach of the implied term of mutual trust and
confidence, the English court in Hameed v Central Manchester University
Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust [2010] EWHC 2009 (QB) (“Hameed”) found that the
employer’s failure to formally inform one of the allegations against the
employee did not render the investigation unfair since the employee was given,
and took, every opportunity to respond to that allegation (at [234]–[236]).
The court also rejected the employee’s complaint that it was unfair for the
investigation team to refuse disclosure of all witness evidence that they have
gathered, because the relevant matters had been put to her and she had the
opportunity to deal with them (at [236]). The investigator’s omission to
obtain evidence from a particular witness also did not cause unfairness to the
employee, given that the investigator had considered that evidence from that
witness would cause further delay without adding anything to the investigation
(at [238]). There was thus no unfairness in the investigation process, and
consequently, no breach of the implied term (at [228] and [240]).

51 Hameed can be contrasted with McNeill v Aberdeen City Council (No 2) [2014]
IRLR 113 (“McNeill”), where the Inner House of the Scottish Court of Session
upheld the Employment Tribunal’s decision that the manner in which the
employer carried out investigations amounted to a breach of the Malik duty of
mutual trust and confidence (at [5], [9] and [83]). On the facts, the Malik
implied term was breached for a number of reasons, including having a partial
investigator (at [45]), extending investigations to cover new complaints which
were so vague and unsupported by evidence that the employee had no real
opportunity of dealing with them (at [46] and [74]), and uncritically
accepting statements from a witness who clearly had a strong motive for
implicating the employee in question and allowing that same witness to dictate
the course of the investigations (at [47]).

52 While the Singapore High Court case of Cheah Peng Hock did not deal with a
situation where an employer investigated complaints against an employee, it
nonetheless stood for a proposition that has bearing on how investigations
ought to be conducted. There, the founder and executive director of the
company brought up problems with the employee’s organisational changes at a
meeting in the absence of that employee, and without bringing these concerns
to that employee’s attention (at [102]). In finding that this amounted to a
breach of the implied term, the court held that “[a] relationship of mutual
trust and confidence requires that the employer inform the employee of charges
levelled against him, and give him the opportunity to rectify any problems or
clarify any misunderstandings” (at [102]). This is sound in principle and
should, I believe, apply equally in the context of investigating an employee
where complaints about that employee have been raised.

53 Apart from unfairness in the investigation process, suspension of an
employee for disciplinary purposes without proper and reasonable cause can
amount to a breach of the implied term (Cheah Peng Hock at [56(d)] citing
Gogay).

54 In Gogay, the court found that the suspension of an employee, by means of a
letter stating that there had been allegations of sexual abuse made against
the employee, breached the implied term. The severity of such an allegation
clearly damaged the trust and confidence subsisting between the employer and
employee (at [55]), and there was no proper cause for the employer to put that
allegation to the employee since the source of the relevant information was a
child who was so unclear in her communication that further inquiries should be
made before the allegation can be characterised as one of sexual abuse (at
[55]–[56]). It was also difficult to accept that there was no other useful
work for the employee to undertake for the short time needed to make
inquiries, or that a short period of leave was not contemplated (at [57]). On
the whole, the employer’s immediate “knee-jerk” reaction in response to a
supposed allegation of sexual abuse breached the implied term of mutual trust
and confidence (at [58]–[59]).

55 In contrast, London Borough of Lambeth v Agoreyo [2019] IRLR 560
(“Agoreyo”) at [101]–[102] distinguished its facts from Gogay, and held that
the suspension of the employee in its case did not constitute a breach of the
implied term. In Agoreyo, the complaints which led the employee’s suspension
were made by two members of staff, whilst in Gogay, the only source of the
complaint of sexual abuse was a troubled child who was the victim of the
alleged abuse and whose account was contradictory at times. Furthermore, the
complaints against the employee in Agoreyo, were that she had used force to
secure behavioural compliance from the children on three separate incidents
involving two different children. In these circumstances, court held that the
employer had reasonable and proper cause to suspend the employee pending
investigations. While it is perhaps not meaningful to compare the gravity of
the allegations made in Gogay and Agoreyo, what is clear is that the key
factor distinguishing the facts in Agoreyo from Gogay was the credibility of
the sources of the allegations.

(3) Conclusion on the implied term of mutual trust and confidence in respect
of investigations and suspensions

56 These cases show that there is, within that obligation of mutual trust and
confidence, a minimum content of fairness required of the employer when
suspending and investigating allegations levelled against an employee. The
fairness, to my mind, would certainly entail that the procedures adopted and
the manner of investigations not amount to a hatchet job, meaning that the
outcome was preordained against the plaintiff (see for instance, McNeill at
[45] and [47]), or be so unfair that it went to destroy the basis of any
expected continuation of the relationship of employment. The allegations put
to the employee must also be sufficiently clear such that he understands the
case that is made against him and has an opportunity to clarify his position
(Cheah Peng Hock at [102]; cf McNeill at [46] and [74]). As for suspension of
employees, this ought to be carried out on the basis of clear credible
source(s) of information. Suspending an employee precipitately as part of a
“knee-jerk” reaction to an unclear or unspecific allegation with dubious
credibility may fall below the minimum level of fairness required (see Gogay
at [55]–[59], contrasted with Agoreyo at [101]–[102]).

57 However, this implied term does not import all the obligations of natural
justice, or due process obligations, that may apply in other contexts,
including informing of investigation outcome, or suspending and investigating
allegations against employees in a particular way. I do not find that case
authority supports any such import of broad obligations.

58 To the contrary, Lord Steyn in Malik at 46D observed that the implied term
strikes a balance between an employer’s interest in managing his business as
he sees fit and the employee’s interest in not being unfairly and improperly
exploited. Some leeway should thus be given to the employer to act upon
practical considerations in the process of investigating and suspending
employees. In Agoreyo (at [102]), for instance, suspension of an employee even
before a full investigation has been completed was not a breach of the implied
term because the credibility of the sources of the allegations and the gravity
of the allegations made warranted the taking of this precautionary measure.
Similarly, the court in Hameed (at [238]) gave some latitude to the employer
to omit interviewing a particular witness when that would cause further delay
without adding much to the investigation.

59 I would be wary of importing the broad obligations advocated for by the
plaintiff into an employment contract as these obligations can be onerous if
undefined, and unduly constrain the employer’s interest in managing her
business as she sees fit. Legislation should be the primary mode of bringing
in such broad obligations.

Whether there was breach of the implied term of mutual trust and confidence

60 I will first set out the employer’s conduct in question, before analysing
whether they amounted to a breach of the implied term of mutual trust and
confidence.

61 In his Statement of Claim and submissions, the plaintiff averred that the
implied term of trust and confidence had been breached by the first defendant
in many different ways, 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

SOC at paras 5, 28–30 and 37; PRS at para 7–8.

which can be categorised in three broad categories:

(a) mismanagement of the investigation (“Issue 1”);

(b) refusal to inform the plaintiff of the investigation outcome (“Issue 2”);
and

(c) suspension of the plaintiff (“Issue 3”).

62 As set out above at [56], there will only be a breach of the implied term
of mutual trust and confidence in respect of employee investigations and
suspensions, where the employer’s conduct fall below the minimum standard of
fairness required. There was nothing of that nature here. All of the conduct
alleged did not breach the implied term of mutual trust and confidence under
the contract of employment. There was no mismanagement of the investigations,
and in particular, no improper influence by the second defendant. As for the
suspension of the plaintiff and non-disclosure of the investigation outcome,
there was sufficient explanation for what happened, which were reasonable or
appropriate on the facts.

63 I also proceeded to consider two other issues which were not expressly
dealt with as a breach of the implied term in the plaintiff’s submissions:

(a) whether the plaintiff’s dismissal was in breach of the implied term
(“Issue 4”); and

(b) whether there was a breach of the implied term arising from the first
defendant’s omission to combat negative publicity and speculation in so far as
the Platts Query and Platts Article were concerned (“Issue 5”).

The fourth issue, though not argued in the plaintiff’s submissions, seemed to
be an issue that was disclosed in his Statement of Claim. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

SOC at para 5.

The fifth issue was not raised in the plaintiff’s pleadings, but was relied
upon as one of the causes for his damaged reputation. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

PCS at para 336.

I proceeded to analyse these issues as they raised interesting questions, but
my findings on these issues did not affect my conclusion that the first
defendant did not breach the implied term of mutual trust and confidence.

64 I noted that the plaintiff had pleaded in his Statement of Claim that the
first defendant breached the implied term of mutual trust and confidence by
failing to protect the fact of and general details about the investigation,
which were confidential, from unauthorised disclosure. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

SOC at paras 30 and 37.

However, in its closing submissions, the plaintiff did not make arguments on
the breach of confidentiality as part of its claim for a breach of the implied
term, but rather, as part of its claim that the first defendant had been
negligent. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

PCS at paras 226–239; SOC at paras 39B(2)(ix) and 39B(2)(x).

This issue of breach of confidentiality will thus be examined under the
plaintiff’s claim in negligence instead. In any event, I found that there had
been no breach of confidentiality or any unauthorised disclosure on the part
of the first defendant.

(1) The manner of investigations by the first defendant

65 The plaintiff alleged that the first defendant had conducted the
investigation in breach of the implied term of mutual trust and confidence:
117

##### Foot Note 117

×

PCS at para 129ff.

the first defendant failed to provide the plaintiff with a fair opportunity to
respond to the allegations made against him, 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

PCS at paras 132–142.

pre-judged the outcome of the investigations, 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

PCS at paras 164–171.

permitted the second defendant’s improper involvement in and influence on the
investigation, 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

PCS at paras 143–163.

and unnecessarily prolonged the investigation even though it was clear that
the plaintiff was not culpable of any wrongdoing. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

PCS at paras 172–198.

66 On the other hand, the defendants contended that BID arrived at its
conclusion independently, fairly and rationally, 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

DCS at paras 94–108.

without influence from the second defendant. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

DCS at para 93.

The second defendant’s involvement was not improper, 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

DCS at paras 109–111 and 113.

and the plaintiff had the opportunity to put forward his version of events.
125

##### Foot Note 125

×

DCS at paras 115–117.

In any event, the plaintiff’s allegations of procedural breaches and
unfairness in the investigation did not impact the investigation outcome. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

DCS at paras 108, 112, 114 and 118–119.

67 The factual issues that had to be confronted were whether:

(a) there was improper involvement and influence by the second defendant;

(b) there was pre-judgment;

(c) the plaintiff had not been provided with a fair opportunity to respond to
the allegations made against him; and

(d) the first defendant had unnecessarily prolonged investigations.

I was satisfied that these alleged misconduct in the investigation process
were not established on the facts.

(A) Permitting the second defendant to be improperly involved in and influence
the investigation

68 The defendants contended that it was natural for the second defendant to be
involved in the investigation because he was able to provide necessary
information: he was the plaintiff’s line manager, was alerted to the incident
with Vitol by the plaintiff, and subsequently reached out to Vitol for further
information. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

DCS at para 109.

BID also carried out the investigation independently. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

DCS at paras 93–97.

Interviews were conducted with a first-hand witness (ie, Mr Balota), the
original complainant (ie, Mr Jones) and the plaintiff, and the plaintiff’s ESI
was also reviewed. 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

DCS at para 95.

Ultimately, BID concluded that the plaintiff was not guilty of the alleged
misconduct, and this was the best evidence of BID’s independence. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

DCS at para 94; DRS at paras 36 and 38.

69 On the other hand, the plaintiff argued that the first defendant supplied
the second defendant with information regarding the investigation, 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

PCS at paras 160–163.

thereby enabling his improper involvement in the investigation, 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

PCS at para 152.

and allowing him to improperly influence the issues, direction and scope of
the investigation. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

PCS at para 153–154.

(I) Mr Forsyth’s evidence

70 In particularising how the second defendant was improperly involved in and
exerted influence on the investigation, the plaintiff first alleged that the
second defendant influenced the evidence which Mr Forsyth gave to BID, so as
to redirect the investigators’ attention to issues that the second defendant
believed should be investigated. 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

PCS at para 152(1).

71 Indeed, on 24 October 2017, prior to BID’s interview with Mr Forsyth, the
second defendant did send an email to Mr Forsyth expressing his view that Ms
Sumitra should be focusing on the plaintiff’s participation in a non-Shell
freight clearance conversation, instead of investigating the propriety of a
Shell freight trader calling an oil trader of another company. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

ABOD Tab 24 at p 95.

However, I could not interpret the second defendant’s email as expressly or
impliedly requesting Mr Forsyth to redirect Ms Sumitra’s investigation. The
second defendant was merely expressing his view, and some degree of
frustration, on the direction in which investigations were proceeding. The
recipient of this email was also not a person who was in any way in charge of
the investigations. The second defendant’s involvement, in this respect, was
not of an improper nature that tainted the fairness of the investigations.

72 The plaintiff then alleged that Mr Forsyth was influenced by the second
defendant’s framing of the issue, as seen from Mr Forsyth’s email to Ms
Sumitra on 24 October 2017 claiming that one of his real concerns was that the
plaintiff was involved in a non-Shell ship. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

PCS at para 27; ABOD Tab 18 at p 79.

Even if Mr Forsyth’s email was influenced by what the second defendant said in
his previous email, this statement by Mr Forsyth did not have the effect of
redirecting Ms Sumitra’s investigations. Shortly after this email from Mr
Forsyth, Ms Sumitra still proceeded to call Mr Forsyth to learn about market
norms regarding the lines of communication between a ship owner, charterer and
trader. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

ABOD Tab 18 at p 79; NOE 25 August 2020 at p 58 line 26 – p 59 line 7; ABOD
Tab 42 at p 166, paras 32–34.

She even interviewed Mr Choi on 26 October 2017 to understand market
conventions on the same issue. 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

NOE 25 August 2020 at p 58 line 26 – p 59 line 7; ABOD Tab 42 at p 166, paras
32–34.

Hence, despite receiving Mr Forsyth’s email on 24 October 2017, she did not
abandon her original line of inquiry concerning the appropriateness of a
freight trader contacting a Vitol oil trader. This demonstrated that she was
not indirectly influenced by the second defendant through Mr Forsyth.

(II) Discussions with Ms Sumitra

73 The plaintiff’s second set of complaints related to the second defendant’s
communications with Ms Sumitra. One of these complaints was that the second
defendant had offered his hypotheses on the plaintiff’s possible breaches of
the CoC to BID, thereby influencing the direction and scope of the
investigation. 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

PCS at para 152(2); NOE 25 August 2020 at p 40, line 17 – p 41, line 11.

However, telling Ms Sumitra his view of what actually transpired ought not be
regarded as improper given that she was in the midst of a fact-finding
process. At most, the second defendant was being proactive and not much
objection could be taken with that. In fact, the second defendant’s inputs
could be useful because he was alerted to the incident by the plaintiff
himself, and he thereafter reached out to Vitol for further information on 12
October 2017. In any event, BID did not blindly pursue the line of inquiry
raised by the second defendant’s hypothesis. During cross-examination, Ms
Sumitra reiterated that she did not see a need to ask the plaintiff about the
second defendant’s hypothesis because there was insufficient evidence to back
it up. 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

NOE 25 August 2020 at p 44 line 24 – p 45 line 25, p 72 lines 18–26 and p 85
lines 16–22.

Thus, the second defendant’s hypotheses did not have the effect of changing
the course of investigations.

74 The plaintiff also took issue with the second defendant discussing the
plaintiff’s confidential work emails with Ms Sumitra. 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

SOC at para 19A(2).

Ms Sumitra did run through the plaintiff’s emails and chat messages with the
second defendant, 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

NOE 25 August 2020 at p 29 line 25 – p 30 line 3, p 82 lines 19–25 and p 84
lines 7–17.

but she explained that her purpose for doing so was to enlist the second
defendant’s help in flagging up anything of relevance since he was the
plaintiff’s line manager and would have a better understanding of the context
in which these conversations took place. 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

Sumitra Balasundaram’s Affidavit of Evidence-In-Chief dated 8 July 2020 at
para 14.

I found that this satisfactorily explained the second defendant’s involvement.

75 Another matter raised by the plaintiff was that the second defendant
emailed Ms Sumitra on 7 November 2017 to follow a line of inquiry outside the
scope of the investigation. 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

SOC at para 19A(3).

This was not supported by the text of the email correspondence, 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

ABOD Tab 38 at p 144.

which pertained to matters closely related to allegations levelled against the
plaintiff.

(III) Mr Kokkinis

76 The third complaint was the issue of the second defendant sending an email
to Mr Kokkinis on 4 November 2017, in which he suggested two possibilities of
perceived conflict of interests. 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

PCS at para 31; ABOD Tab 36 at p 140.

It was unclear how this even amounted to an involvement in the investigations,
since Mr Kokkinis was not the one conducting the investigations and there was
no evidence that Mr Kokkinis placed the second defendant’s hypothesis before
the investigators.

(IV) Mr Jones

77 Finally, the plaintiff alleged that the second defendant approached Mr
Jones twice on 24 October 2017 to disprove the plaintiff’s evidence. 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

PCS at para 152(3).

In response, the defendants argued that there was nothing improper about
calling Mr Jones on 24 October 2017 because the purpose was to gather more
information for BID, namely, the name of the vessel allegedly referred to in
the plaintiff’s conversation with Mr Balota. 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

DCS at para 110.

I agreed with the defendants as this was supported by email correspondences
minuting the second defendant’s phone call with Mr Jones. 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

ABOD Tab 24 at p 95.

In any case, BID did not solely rely on what the second defendant said about
his conversation with Mr Jones – Ms Sumitra proceeded to conduct her own
interview with Mr Jones on 3 November 2017 and independently gathered that the
name of the ship was “SC Taurus”. 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

ABOD Tab 42 at p 161, para 16 and p 165, para 23.

(V) Conclusion on improper involvement and influence by the second defendant

78 Hence, the suggestion that BID allowed itself to be unduly swayed by the
second defendant’s inputs was unsupported by evidence. In fact, as will be
elaborated upon in the following section, BID had diligently conducted its
fact-finding process by gathering information from various sources, and
evaluating the materials independently.

(B) Pre-judgment

79 The plaintiff argued that from the start of BID’s investigation, the first
defendant’s business was already of the view that the allegations against the
plaintiff were substantiated. 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

PCS at para 164.

In response, the first defendant argued that pre-judgment was highly
improbable in light of the investigation outcome. 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

DCS at para 94; DRS at para 39.

It also contended that it was natural for people to form initial impressions
of events, but these impressions were irrelevant to the investigation. 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

DRS at para 40.

80 One of the emails relied upon by the plaintiff to establish pre-judgment
was from Mr Shanks, the BID case manager. 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

PCS at para 169; ABOD Tab 8 at p 35.

However, I could not see how that email was anything more than an instruction
to the second defendant to assist BID in gathering relevant evidence. The
plaintiff also relied on emails sent by other members of the first defendant
to show that there had been a pre-judgment of the plaintiff’s guilt. 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

PCS at paras 165–168 and 170.

Read in context, these emails did not clearly show pre-judgment and even if
there was some degree of pre-judgment, these views were held by people who
were not conducting the investigation.

81 BID might have been aware of the opinions held by other members of the
first defendant, 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

NOE 26 August 2020 at p 15 lines 18–29.

but there was no evidence that BID gave any weight to them in coming to their
conclusion. Contrary to the plaintiff’s allegations that BID’s reasoning
reflected the first defendant’s intention to find fault with the plaintiff,
157

##### Foot Note 157

×

PCS at paras 175–181.

I found that there were no indications of pre-judgment in the reasoning behind
BID’s finding that the evidence was “inconclusive”.

82 Ms Sumitra had sensibly explained that an investigation would be
“inconclusive” where there was some doubt that the allegation might have been
made out, such that it could not be said that the allegations were either
substantiated or unsubstantiated by evidence. 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

NOE 25 August 2020 at p 14 lines 18–31.

No objection could be taken against this approach. On this premise, Ms Sumitra
explained during cross-examination that BID could not conclude that the
allegations were “substantiated”. 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

NOE 25 August 2020 at p 55 line 17 – p 56 line 28.

She explained that Mr Balota was not sure whether the plaintiff was marketing
a ship. 160

##### Foot Note 160

×

NOE 25 August 2020 at p 55 lines 28–30.

Indeed, it was stated in the BID Report that Mr Balota had only “assumed” that
the plaintiff had a vessel for the cargo. 161

##### Foot Note 161

×

ABOD Tab 42 at p 164, para 22.

Meanwhile, Mr Jones was under the impression that the plaintiff had mentioned
a non-Shell ship to Mr Balota. 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

NOE 25 August 2020 at p 55 line 30 – p 56 line 1; ABOD Tab 42 at p 165, para
23.

Crucially, neither Mr Balota nor Mr Jones expressly said that the plaintiff
was marketing a non-shell ship; and neither did they say that the plaintiff
was not marketing a non-shell ship. 163

##### Foot Note 163

×

NOE 26 August 2020 at p 29 lines 1–11.

BID thus found that the allegation could not be “substantiated”. This
reasoning was sound and logical.

83 As between “unsubstantiated” and “inconclusive”, Ms Sumitra explained that
the key reason for concluding that it was “inconclusive”, was that the
plaintiff took a huge risk to contact Mr Balota against proper communication
channels just to obtain cargo information: this was inexplicable and illogical
to some extent, as it was so strongly against market conventions and norms.
164

##### Foot Note 164

×

NOE 26 August 2020 at p 30 line 1 – p 31 line 7, p 54 line 6 – p 55 line 7,
and p 57 lines 12–15.

As expressed in the BID Report, the plaintiff’s actions of speaking to a Vitol
oil trader “[were] against market convention and it [was] unusual that he had
gone to such lengths to obtain information on the cargo when he did not have a
vessel for that cargo”. 165

##### Foot Note 165

×

ABOD Tab 42 at p 159, para 4.

Implicit in Ms Sumitra’s testimony and the BID Report, was that the
plaintiff’s inexplicable behaviour raised doubts as to whether his motive for
contacting Mr Balota was really just to obtain cargo information, or whether
he contacted Mr Balota for other purposes, such as but not limited to
marketing a third-party vessel. Understandably, these doubts were insufficient
to support a conclusion of “substantiated” but neither could they be
dismissed, hence the finding of inconclusiveness. 166

##### Foot Note 166

×

NOE 26 August 2020 at p 54 line 6 – p 55 line 7.

84 An examination of BID’s reasoning, as set out above, revealed that BID
reached its conclusion in a logical and sensible manner which did not betray
indications of pre-judgment.

85 I noted, however, that BID did not provide separate conclusions for the
allegation of marketing a third-party vessel to Vitol, and the allegation
related to FLG in 2016. Ms Sumitra’s explanations for the finding of
inconclusiveness related only to the allegation of marketing a third-party
vessel to Vitol but not the allegation related to FLG. She admitted during
cross-examination that her conclusion did not draw a distinction between these
two allegations. 167

##### Foot Note 167

×

NOE 25 August 2020 at p 53 lines 26–30.

A better job could have been done in this regard, but this issue, on its own,
was not indicative of pre-judgment.

86 As a point of clarification, the purpose of this analysis is not to assess
the correctness of BID’s decision, but rather to determine whether BID
reasoned in an objective and fair manner, or in a way that revealed its pre-
judgment against the plaintiff.

87 Reasoning aside, BID’s fact-finding process also did not show signs of pre-
judgment. The review of the plaintiff’s ESI and interviews with witnesses
which were directly involved in the incident demonstrated BID’s focus on
uncovering the truth based on reliable and probative sources of information.
This was consistent with what is expected of a fair investigation.

(C) Fair opportunity to respond to allegations

88 The defendant argued that there was nothing left unsaid about the
plaintiff’s position in the investigation – he was heard and his version of
events had been considered by BID. 168

##### Foot Note 168

×

DCS at paras 115–116.

On the other hand, the plaintiff submitted that he was deprived of a fair
opportunity to respond to the allegations against him for three reasons.
First, he was not given a chance to respond to the basis upon which the
investigation was concluded as “inconclusive”. 169

##### Foot Note 169

×

PCS at para 133.

Second, the factual allegations against the plaintiff was not particularised
in writing. 170

##### Foot Note 170

×

SOC at paras 29(3) and 29(4).

Third, his suspension prejudiced his ability to respond to the allegations.
171

##### Foot Note 171

×

PCS at paras 137–140.

89 I found that the plaintiff had been afforded a fair chance to respond to
the allegations made against him, and did in fact make use of the opportunity
to put forward his side of the story and clarify his position.

90 On the first issue, the plaintiff argued that the reason for the
“inconclusive” outcome was that BID regarded his behaviour of contacting Mr
Balota against market conventions as illogical to some extent, 172

##### Foot Note 172

×

PCS at para 134.

and this view was only formed after Ms Sumitra spoke to Mr Forsyth and Mr Choi
about market conventions. 173

##### Foot Note 173

×

PCS at para 135.

However, he did not have a chance to address Ms Sumitra’s concern about the
alleged illogicity of his actions, as well as those arising from her
interviews with Mr Forsyth and Mr Choi. 174

##### Foot Note 174

×

PCS at para 136.

Meanwhile, the defendant argued that the plaintiff gave his account of the
facts during his interview on 23 October 2017, and by way of SMS messages on
27 October and 31 October 2017, 175

##### Foot Note 175

×

DCS at paras 116–117.

such that there was nothing left unsaid about the plaintiff’s position. 176

##### Foot Note 176

×

DCS at para 115.

91 Indeed, it was only after the interviews with Mr Forsyth and Mr Choi that
Ms Sumitra took the view that it was illogical for the plaintiff to go against
market norms to obtain cargo information from Mr Balota. 177

##### Foot Note 177

×

ABOD Tab 42 at p 167, para 36; NOE 25 August 2020 at p 56 line 20 – p 57 line
15; NOE 25 August 2020 at p 58 line 26 – p 59 line 7.

92 Nonetheless, the plaintiff was not deprived of a fair opportunity to
respond to the allegations made against him. The crux of Mr Forsyth and Mr
Choi’s concern was why the plaintiff had gone against market convention to
talk to Mr Balota instead of Mr Jones. 178

##### Foot Note 178

×

ABOD Tab 42 at p 166, paras 32 and 34.

In this regard, during the plaintiff’s interview, Ms Sumitra did suggest to
the plaintiff that he ought to have called Mr Jones, the chartering manager,
instead of Mr Balota, and the plaintiff responded accordingly: 179

##### Foot Note 179

×

PBOD Tab 10 at p 30.

S Maybe he thought that by right because you were enquiring about the cargo,
you should be calling… what do you call Ben instead of…

DW Ben Jones, no I don’t call him, because he won’t tell the truth

S Regardless of whether he tells the truth, he’s the chartering manager, no?

DW It doesn’t matter, right, so is the industry right, perhaps too many people
counted past all these, and you are saying that I can’t talk to my ex-trainee
in Shell. I trained him up as a operator, I trust the information he give me,
but in the end he lied to me, but anyway, so this guy I never really want to
talk to and I can shake hands like how’s your family, then we left, but this
is the relationship with this guy.

S So, you are saying basically because the relationship with Ben is not very
good, alright…

DW No relationship.

S Which is why maybe why you were trying to find something out from Jason
perhaps?

DW I’m finding the information from Jason directly, because he’s the trader,
he’s trading, that cargo, he trades that cargo, there are two ex-Shell guy in
Vitol team… I know them for 10 years. This is first time information that you
might get right.

S Yah, but he might have traded that cargo, alright, but shouldn’t the
chartering manager be the right person to talk to?

DW We have a rule that we can’t talk to all these guys

S I don’t know…

DW There’s no rule… this is the industry, we need to talk to each other to
find out what’s going on right? I think our oil traders perhaps hard time
finding information from Jason, but I will have more power over him to find
out information, feedback to our oil traders in the end right?

S Okay, so you are just basically saying that you are just trying to find the
information out on the cargo, okay…

93 By suggesting that the plaintiff ought to have talked to Mr Jones instead
of Mr Balota, Ms Sumitra had essentially put the nub of Mr Forsyth’s and Mr
Choi’s concern to the plaintiff. As evident from the extract above, the
plaintiff mounted three key points in response. First, he was of the view that
there was no rule that he could not talk to Mr Balota, the oil trader, because
people in the industry “need to talk to each other to find out what’s going
on”. This dealt with Mr Forsyth’s and Mr Choi’s view that there were
conventional lines of communication within this industry. Second, the
plaintiff explained that he contacted Mr Balota instead because he had a
relationship with Mr Balota but not with Mr Jones. The last reason was that he
wanted to find out information from Mr Balota directly since Mr Balota traded
the Cargo the plaintiff was interested in. 180

##### Foot Note 180

×

PBOD Tab 10 at p 30.

The plaintiff also emphasised, in other parts of his interview as well as in
his SMS message to Ms Sumitra on 27 October 2017, that he contacted Mr Balota
to gather information about the Cargo. 181

##### Foot Note 181

×

PBOD Tab 10 at pp 25 and 27–30; ABOD Tab 56 at pp 205–206.

94 The implied term of mutual trust and confidence required allegations to be
clearly put to the employees so that the employee has a chance to clarify his
position (see Cheah Peng Hock at [102]). This was already achieved, in
substance, during the plaintiff’s interview on 23 October 2017, such that
there was no need for BID to conduct another interview with the plaintiff to
clarify the apparent illogicality of his actions in view of market
conventions.

95 In so far as the plaintiff’s complaint pertained to the lack of opportunity
to respond to BID’s assessment that it was unusual for him to go against
market norms just to obtain information on a cargo, the tasks of weighing the
plaintiff’s alleged motives for contacting Mr Balota against the force of
market convention, and determining whether the former sufficiently explained
acting against market norms, were a matter of value judgment which the BID was
entitled to undertake independently without the plaintiff’s input. Certainly,
BID had to gather evidence, and in so far as the BID was conducting a fact-
finding exercise, the plaintiff’s position and account of what transpired had
to be heard. In this regard, I accepted that the plaintiff had been given
ample opportunity to put forward his position, via an interview on 23 October
2017 and multiple SMS messages to Ms Sumitra on 27 October and 31 October
2017. But upon the conclusion of its fact-finding exercise, BID could not be
faulted for independently reviewing the evidence and making its own judgment
calls.

96 As for the second issue of the first defendant not particularising the
factual allegations against the plaintiff in writing, 182

##### Foot Note 182

×

SOC at paras 29(3) and 29(4).

I found that this did not fall below the minimum standard of fairness required
by the implied term of mutual trust and confidence. In so far as the
allegation of marketing a third-party vessel was concerned, Ms Sumitra had
verbally asked the plaintiff to describe his conversation with Mr Balota, and
explain his motives for contacting Mr Balota. The plaintiff responded by
relaying his version of what had transpired, and clarified his motives. 183

##### Foot Note 183

×

PBOD Tab 10 at pp 25–31.

When Ms Sumitra informed the plaintiff that FLG had quoted Vitol “out of the
blue”, and asked if the plaintiff had shared information regarding any Vitol
trades with FLG in 2016, the plaintiff gave his reply accordingly. 184

##### Foot Note 184

×

PBOD Tab 10 at p 32.

Hence, even though the allegations were not formally put to the plaintiff, the
questions asked by Ms Sumitra during the interview were clear and direct, such
that the plaintiff had a fair chance to put forward his version of events and
make clarifications. The circumstances of this case resemble the situation in
Hameed, where the letter to the employee did not specify the allegation, but
no unfairness was caused since the employee was given, and took, every
opportunity to respond to that allegation (at [234]–[236]).

97 On the third issue of whether the plaintiff’s ability to respond to the
allegations was hampered by his suspension, I found that, even though the
plaintiff’s access to emails was blocked, BID did diligently comb through the
plaintiff’s ESI. 185

##### Foot Note 185

×

ABOD Tab 42 at p 165.

The implied term of mutual trust and confidence does not go so far as to
stipulate the specific ways in which companies ought to conduct their internal
investigations. BID had the latitude to run through the correspondences
themselves and pick out what they deemed was relevant; the implied term did
not require an opportunity to be given to the plaintiff to point to
correspondences that supported his version of events.

98 The plaintiff also claimed that as a result of the suspension, he could not
ask his colleagues (ie, the oil traders) to corroborate his account. 186

##### Foot Note 186

×

PCS at paras 138–139.

However, there was nothing stopping the plaintiff from telling BID the
existence of these colleagues, and he did in fact tell Ms Sumitra during his
interview that he had given information to the first defendant’s oil traders.
187

##### Foot Note 187

×

PBOD Tab 10 at p 29; ABOD Tab 42 at p 163, para 21.

BID did not proceed to verify with the oil traders if the plaintiff’s version
of events was true, 188

##### Foot Note 188

×

NOE 26 August 2020 at p 55 line 10 – p 56 line 4.

but this did not cause any unfairness to the plaintiff since the oil traders,
at best, only confirmed what the plaintiff had already told Ms Sumitra.

99 I was thus satisfied that the plaintiff was afforded a fair opportunity to
have his side of the story heard, and did in fact give his account of what
transpired and his motivations.

(D) Unnecessary delays to the investigation

100 The plaintiff argued that the investigation should have concluded either
on 24 October, 3 November or 10 November 2017, but BID repeatedly extended the
investigations so as to search for additional evidence to prove some
wrongdoing. 189

##### Foot Note 189

×

PCS at paras 172–198.

This was an unmeritorious complaint. BID could not have closed the
investigation on 24 October 2017 or 3 November 2017 because on these dates,
relevant persons had not been interviewed, 190

##### Foot Note 190

×

ABOD Tab 25 at pp 99–100.

and ESI had not been reviewed. 191

##### Foot Note 191

×

ABOD Tab 35 at p 138.

In or around 10 November 2017, BID might have gathered all the relevant
information they needed, 192

##### Foot Note 192

×

ABOD Tab 41 at p 153.

but it still had to review the evidence, decide on a conclusion and produce a
written report. 193

##### Foot Note 193

×

NOE 26 August 2020 at p 27 lines 7–16 and p 45 lines 16–31; NOE 25 August 2020
at p 95 line 25 – p 96 line 10.

The time taken for the investigation was caused by BID’s determination to
leave no stone unturned and communicate its findings clearly; there was no
mala fides of the sort alleged by the plaintiff.

(E) Conclusion on the investigation process

101 Accordingly, I found the plaintiff’s allegations of misconduct in the
investigation process to be unsupported by evidence. The plaintiff had a fair
opportunity to put forward his version of events and in the absence of
evidence indicating that there had been pre-judgment by BID or improper
influence by the second defendant, it could not be said that the investigation
outcome was preordained against the plaintiff.

(2) Non-disclosure of investigation outcome

102 The plaintiff complained that the outcome was never relayed to him, 194

##### Foot Note 194

×

PCS at paras 214–220.

and this fact was not in dispute. 195

##### Foot Note 195

×

NOE 1 September 2020 at p 6 lines 19–24.

What was in contention was whether the first defendant ought to have informed
the plaintiff of the investigation outcome. On this issue, the defendants
argued that it was not necessary to do so since the employment relationship
was nearing its end and revealing the outcome would serve no purpose other
than to assuage the plaintiff, which is not the function of the employment
contract. 196

##### Foot Note 196

×

DCS at para 16.

The first defendant further contended that letting the plaintiff know the
outcome just so that he could explain to prospective employers would be
untenable as that would derogate from the confidentiality of the
investigation. 197

##### Foot Note 197

×

DCS at para 16.

In response, the plaintiff submitted that the implied term requires the first
defendant to inform the plaintiff of the outcome of the investigation. 198

##### Foot Note 198

×

PRS at para 30.

At the time investigations concluded, parties were expecting a continuing
employment relationship; using the end of the employment relationship as a
reason for not informing the plaintiff was an ex post facto reason by the
first defendant to justify a breach of their duty to disclose. 199

##### Foot Note 199

×

PRS at para 27.

Furthermore, the first defendant had informed the plaintiff in the
Notification Letter that it would inform the plaintiff of the outcome. 200

##### Foot Note 200

×

PRS at para 30.

103 Indeed, it was understandable for the plaintiff to feel disgruntled,
especially since the Notification Letter did say he would be informed of the
investigation outcome. 201

##### Foot Note 201

×

Dong Wei AEIC at para 130; ABOD Tab 53 at p 197.

However, proof of subjective loss of confidence in one’s employer is
insufficient. The inquiry of whether there has been a breach of the implied
term of mutual trust and confidence looks at whether the employer’s conduct is
objectively likely to destroy or seriously damage the relationship of trust
and confidence required for the employment relationship to function.
Objectively, non-disclosure of the investigation outcome could not have
disrupted the proper functioning of the employment contract or relationship,
though it might disappoint the subjective expectations of the employee, as was
the case here.

104 Furthermore, it was reasonable and appropriate for the first defendant to
withhold the investigation outcome from the plaintiff on the grounds that it
was inconclusive and irrelevant to its decision to terminate the plaintiff’s
employment. 202

##### Foot Note 202

×

Mr Kokkinis AEIC at para 36; ABOD Tab 62 at p 238, sub-page 3 line 20 to sub-
page 4 line 2 (Wei-Hung); ABOD Tab 62 at p 239, sub-page 5 lines 8–19 (Wei-
Hung); NOE 2 September 2020, p 22 lines 1 to 12.

(3) Suspension of the plaintiff

105 On the issue of suspension, the first defendant contended that the
suspension was not wrongful – an employer was not legally obliged to give work
to an employee, 203

##### Foot Note 203

×

DCS at para 73.

and an employer should be allowed to place an employee on fully paid leave
provided that it was for a legitimate purpose. 204

##### Foot Note 204

×

DCS at paras 74–75.

Furthermore, it was necessary to suspend the plaintiff because this was the
third time the plaintiff was subjected to an internal investigation, and a
warning letter was issued against him following an investigation a year ago.
205

##### Foot Note 205

×

DCS at para 77.

On the other hand, the plaintiff raised three main complaints which he said
amounted to a breach of the implied term of mutual trust and confidence.
First, his suspension was made prematurely without due consideration. 206

##### Foot Note 206

×

PCS at paras 199–202.

Second, suspension was an unnecessary and drastic measure. 207

##### Foot Note 207

×

PCS at paras 203–206.

Third, his suspension continued even after the investigation had concluded.
208

##### Foot Note 208

×

PCS at pars 210–213.

106 I did not find that the plaintiff’s suspension was implemented in breach
of the implied term of mutual trust and confidence. The plaintiff’s first two
complaints were without merit. The plaintiff’s first allegation that he was
suspended without due consideration, was based on two emails sent by Mr
Kokkinis and the second defendant respectively, 209

##### Foot Note 209

×

PCS at paras 200–201; ABOD Tab 7 at p 32; ABOD Tab 6 at p 29.

before a scheduled discussion with the relevant stakeholders. However, Mr
Kokkinis’ email merely showed that he was finding out what steps had to be
taken to implement a suspension. This was to prepare for the eventuality that
a decision might be made to suspend the plaintiff, as explained by Mr Kokkinis
during cross-examination. 210

##### Foot Note 210

×

NOE 1 September 2020 at p 11 line 21 – p 13 line 9.

As for the second defendant’s email, it was just conveying HR’s advice on what
the proper procedures were. These emails did not unequivocally show that a
premature decision had been made to suspend the plaintiff.

107 Next, the plaintiff’s second allegation that suspension was an unnecessary
and drastic measure, was a mischaracterisation of the situation. The plaintiff
was previously investigated in 2016 and received a warning letter for a
“perceived conflict of interest” concerning FLG. 211

##### Foot Note 211

×

Dong Wei AEIC at para 69; Mr Kokkinis AEIC at paras 19–20.

The allegations made against the plaintiff in relation to the Vitol incident
in 2017 raised the concern of a conflict of interest again. Hence, the
plaintiff’s repeated behaviour of placing himself in seemingly compromising
positions made it reasonable for the first defendant to pre-emptively protect
itself from any further reputational damage by suspending the plaintiff while
investigations were carried out. Moreover, the decision to suspend was not a
“knee-jerk” reaction to an unspecific allegation with dubious credibility.
Rather, it was predicated on the second defendant’s email, which contained
clear and specific allegations, which were said to originate from Vitol’s
chartering manager (see above at [9]). This, on its face, lends some
credibility to the allegations made since it was Vitol’s chartering manager
with whom the plaintiff had a run-in.

108 An analogy can be drawn to the case of Agoreyo, where the suspension of an
employee even before a full investigation has been completed was found not to
be a breach of the implied term. There, the credibility of the sources of the
allegations and the gravity of the allegations made warranted the taking of
this precautionary measure. Similarly, in view of the gravity of the situation
and credibility of the sources of information, the first defendant did not
breach the implied term of mutual trust and confidence when it decided to
suspend the plaintiff while conducting investigations in the meantime.

109 Finally, there was a proper explanation for the plaintiff’s continued
suspension even after the investigation had concluded: the first defendant was
deliberating on whether the plaintiff’s employment ought to be continued, and
was arranging for a meeting to convey their decision to terminate. On 17
December 2017, Mr Kokkinis sent an email setting out the events relating to
the plaintiff over the past two to three years, concluding that “it [was]
impossible to accept [the plaintiff] back on the desk”. 212

##### Foot Note 212

×

ABOD Tab 47 at p 182.

This was followed by a meeting attended by several members of the first
defendant, where the decision to terminate the plaintiff’s employment was
reached. 213

##### Foot Note 213

×

Exhibit LP1; Dong Wei AEIC at para 294.

From 19 December 2017 to 28 December 2017, HR and the second defendant liaised
with the plaintiff to schedule the Dismissal Meeting, 214

##### Foot Note 214

×

Dong Wei AEIC at paras 275–280; ABOD Tab 58 at pp 224–228.

which took place on 10 January 2018. A reasonable amount of time was taken for
these matters. Hence, the plaintiff’s continued suspension beyond the end of
the investigation was not in breach of the implied term of mutual trust and
confidence.

(4) Negative publicity and speculation

110 The plaintiff faulted the first defendant for not correcting the
allegations made in the Platts Query and the Platts Article, thereby damaging
his reputation. 215

##### Foot Note 215

×

PCS at pp 85–87.

His counsel argued that it was possible for the first defendant to have
responded to Platts in a way that would still have allowed the confidentiality
of the investigations to be upheld. 216

##### Foot Note 216

×

PRS at paras 31 and 55.

111 The defendants pointed out that the plaintiff did not plead that his
reputation was damaged by the first defendant’s response to the Platts Query
or its failure to correct the inaccuracies in the Platts Article. 217

##### Foot Note 217

×

DRS at para 25.

Indeed, this conduct complained of was not expressly pleaded under any of the
heads of claim against the first defendant. Nonetheless, I dealt with this
issue for completeness.

(A) The implied term of mutual trust and confidence does not import any duty
to combat misinformation, or to take reasonable care to safeguard an
employee’s reputation

112 Within the implied term of mutual trust and confidence, I found that there
is, as submitted by the defendants, 218

##### Foot Note 218

×

DRS at paras 19–24.

no duty on the employer to combat misinformation pertaining to the employee,
nor is there a more general duty to take reasonable care to protect employees
from economic and reputational harm. Therefore, I found that there was no
breach of the implied term for failing to correct factual inaccuracies in the
Platts Query and Platts Article.

113 The plaintiff argued, relying on Cheah Peng Hock at [56], that an employer
is obliged not to act in a manner which would undermine the plaintiff’s
current employment and future job prospects by damaging his reputation. 219

##### Foot Note 219

×

PRS at para 19.

Hence, the plaintiff argued that the defendant’s submission, that it is
generally not in an employer’s interest to promote or protect an employee’s
prospects of employment with another employer, is inconsistent with
established case law. 220

##### Foot Note 220

×

PRS at para 18.

114 However, Cheah Peng Hock does not support the plaintiff’s proposition, and
neither does Malik. Cheah Peng Hock at [56(a)] stated that employers have a
“duty not to act in a corrupt manner which would clearly undermine the
employee’s future job prospects”. Crucially, the implied term is not breached
by just any act which could undermine an employee’s future job prospects – it
has to be an act that is carried out in a “corrupt manner”, such as a
dishonest or corrupt business in Malik. As cautioned by Lord Nicholls in Malik
at 42C:

… [T]here are many circumstances in which an employee’s reputation may suffer
from his having been associated with an unsuccessful business, or an
unsuccessful department within a business. In the ordinary way this will not
found a claim of the nature made in the present case, even if the business or
department was run with gross incompetence. A key feature in the present case
is the assumed fact that the business was dishonest or corrupt. …

115 The UKSC in James-Bowen and others v Commissioner of Police of the
Metropolis [2018] 1 WLR 4021 (“James-Bowen”) at [17]–[20], a case cited by the
defendants, 221

##### Foot Note 221

×

DRS at para 20.

also observed that case law had refrained from imposing a duty of care on
employers to protect the economic or reputational interests of employees.

116 One of the cases cited in James-Bowen was Crossley v Faithful & Gould
Holdings Ltd [2004] 4 All ER 447 (“Crossley”), where the court refused to
imply a term into an employment contract that the employer will take
reasonable care for the economic well-being of his employee (at [33]) because
such an implied term would impose an “unfair and unreasonable burden on
employers” (at [43]). A reason raised by the court was that the content of a
general duty to take reasonable care for the economic well-being of an
employee is unclear, and it is not obvious what an employer is required to do
or refrain from doing in order to discharge this duty (at [45]). This reason
applies with equal force to refuse finding a duty to safeguard an employee’s
reputational interests. Such broad obligations can be onerous if undefined,
and it is for legislation to import such broad obligations into an employment
contract.

117 More fundamentally, the court in Crossley observed that it is simply not
part of the bargain comprised in the employment contract that an employer had
to function as his employee’s financial adviser (at [44]). Similarly, it can
be said that the employment contract does not envisage the employer as a
protector of its employee’s reputation, including his professional reputation.
The purpose of the trust and confidence implied term is to facilitate the
proper functioning of the employment contract by preserving the employment
relationship (Malik at 36E and 37H per Lord Nicholls), and the employment
relationship can still function even if an employee does not have the best
professional reputation.

118 A narrower duty to combat misinformation is similarly not part of the
bargain under the employment contract – the employer-employee relationship can
still work even with untrue rumours about an employee circulating in the
market. An employer could be in a better position than his employee to dispel
such untruths, but the same could be said for many things, such as the supply
of employment references or caring for an employee’s financial well-being. To
impose a duty on the basis that an employer is in a better position to do so
than his employee would open the floodgates. Any additional duties must be
imposed on a principled basis. In balancing an employer’s and employee’s
interests as described by Lord Steyn in Malik at 46D, an employer should be
allowed to focus on managing its business proper without being saddled with
the burdensome task of correcting market rumours about its employees. An
employee, in any case, cannot be said to be unfairly treated by his employer
for failing to correct market rumours and misinformation, especially when such
rumours and misinformation do not originate from the employer. There is thus
no principled reason for obliging an employer to dispel false rumours
concerning an employee even if they had a bearing on the employee’s
professional reputation.

119 It follows, from the foregoing analysis, that an employer ought not be
obligated to dispel misinformation pertaining to his employee, nor does he
have to take reasonable care to protect his employees from economic and
reputational harm.

(B) Even if there was such duty, there was no breach of the implied term of
mutual trust and confidence

120 Even assuming that the implied term of mutual trust and confidence
requires the first defendant to dispel misinformation pertaining to the
employee, or take reasonable care to protect employees from economic and
reputational harm, there was no breach of this implied term on the facts.

121 The plaintiff speculated that Mr Kokkinis did not point out the falsity of
the allegations in the Platts Query and Platts Article because he wanted to
have the plaintiff’s employment terminated. 222

##### Foot Note 222

×

PCS at paras 324 and 335.

This was unsupported by evidence, which instead showed that the first
defendant had proper and reasonable causes not to correct the untruths by
Platts.

122 The first defendant had a company-wide practice not to comment on
personnel matters. Ms Sonia Gail Meyer (“Ms Meyer”), the first defendant’s
spokesperson, explained that the rationale for this was so that the first
defendant could avoid creating the expectation that the first defendant would
provide sensitive information that may compromise its employee’s privacy.
Furthermore, any provision of further information in itself could become
newsworthy. 223

##### Foot Note 223

×

NOE of 17 July 2020 at p 19 lines 12–25.

A similar view was echoed by Mr Kokkinis. 224

##### Foot Note 224

×

NOE of 1 September 2020 at p 42 lines 4–9; NOE of 2 September 2020 at p 22
line 16 – p 23 line 3; ABOD Tab 62 at p 241, sub-page 16, lines 12–20.

These reasons applied equally to both the omission to correct the factual
inaccuracies in the Platts Query as well as the Platts Article 225

##### Foot Note 225

×

NOE of 1 September 2020 at p 42 lines 4–9 and p 44 lines 23–26; NOE of 17 July
2020 at p 19 lines 7–9.

– any attempt to correct Platts’ factual inaccuracies would entail revealing
internal personnel matters to the media. I found these justifications proper
and reasonable in light of the first defendant’s commercial interests and its
interests as an employer.

(5) Termination

123 The plaintiff seemed to have pleaded in its Statement of Claim that the
first defendant breached the implied term of mutual trust and confidence by
dismissing the plaintiff arbitrarily, capriciously, and/or in bad faith,
without proper and reasonable cause. 226

##### Foot Note 226

×

SOC at para 5.

In particular, it was averred by the plaintiff that the first defendant had no
factual basis to support its assertion that the plaintiff did not fit in with
the first defendant’s culture, 227

##### Foot Note 227

×

Reply (Amendment No. 4) dated 23 July 2020 at para 3A.

and that Mr Kokkinis had mischaracterised key events in the plaintiff’s
employment history to the first defendant’s senior management personnel. 228

##### Foot Note 228

×

PCS at paras 266–267.

The first defendant’s main response was that its reasons for terminating the
plaintiff’s employment were irrelevant 229

##### Foot Note 229

×

DCS at para 122; DRS at para 43.

– it was at liberty to terminate in accordance with the contractual provisions
in the employment contract, and an implied term cannot override its express
right to terminate on the provision of notice. 230

##### Foot Note 230

×

DCS at paras 120–121.

124 I found that the plaintiff’s termination was properly made under the
contract, and it was noteworthy that the termination was not for cause, but
just in the exercise of the first defendant’s express contractual right to
terminate. 231

##### Foot Note 231

×

ABOD Tab 62 at p 238, sub-page 2, lines 14–18.

This was a decision that they were entitled to make and must modify any
implied obligation including that of mutual trust and confidence.

125 In this regard, the decision of the High Court in Cheah Peng Hock provides
useful guidance as to how this implied term of mutual trust and confidence
should interact with express provisions in the employment contract. The court
must ensure mutual compatibility amongst the terms in a contract (Cheah Peng
Hock at [82]); where inconsistencies between the express terms and implied
term of mutual trust and confidence arise, the content of the latter must be
modified by the former since the implied term merely operates as a default
rule: Cheah Peng Hock at [59]. In particular, express termination provisions
can vary the content of the implied term: Cheah Peng Hock at [60] and [65].

126 Consistent with the primacy accorded to express terms, the court must
ensure that the implied term of mutual trust and confidence does not operate
in manner that undermines the express bargain agreed to by the parties. By way
of illustration, in Cheah Peng Hock, this implied term governed the manner in
which the employer exercised its discretion to appoint a joint-CEO under an
express clause, such that the joint-CEO’s appointment must not make the
plaintiff’s CEO position redundant. The court held that this limitation
imposed by the implied term did not undermine the full effect of the express
clause, because in the first place, that clause did not provide for an
absolute and unqualified right for the employer to replace the plaintiff in
all his functions as CEO. Such an interpretation was not supported by the
literal meaning of “joint” in “joint-CEO” and would be incompatible with other
express clauses: Cheah Peng Hock at [79]–[82]. Subsequently, the court also
held that the employer’s power to reverse the plaintiff’s changes to the
company, was subjected to the implied term of mutual trust and confidence
which limited the manner in which any overriding of changes might be done.
This again, was compatible with the full effect of the express terms of the
contract, because the operation of the implied term in this manner was
reinforced by another express clause which provided that the employer’s power
to reverse these changes should be exercised properly and reasonably: Cheah
Peng Hock at [123].

127 Turning to the facts of this case, the termination provision in the
plaintiff’s employment contract stated that the first defendant has the right
to terminate the plaintiff’s employment by giving the plaintiff three months’
notice in writing. The plain wording of that clause and other parts of the
contract did not place any fetter on the first defendant’s discretion to
terminate once three months’ notice in writing is given. Hence, the bargain
expressly provided for in the employment contract was that the first defendant
had the full discretion to terminate the plaintiff’s employment once the
plaintiff was given three months’ notice in writing. This would be undermined
by an implied term that obliged the employer not to damage the relationship of
trust and confidence without “proper and reasonable cause”, as that would
effectively require termination to be on the basis of “proper and reasonable
cause”, in addition to the three months’ notice period. To ensure
compatibility between the express and implied terms of the employment
contract, this express termination provision must thus modify the content of
the implied term of mutual trust and confidence, such that this implied term
did not apply where this express termination provision was relied upon to end
the employment relationship.

128 As a result, the plaintiff in this case could not rely on a breach of the
implied term of mutual trust and confidence, since the first defendant had
invoked the express termination provision in the employment contract.

129 Before leaving this point, I make two observations. First, English
authorities do not speak in unison on how the implied term of mutual trust and
confidence ought to interact with express terms in an employment contract.
Lord Hoffmann in Johnson v Unisys Ltd [2003] 1 AC 518 (“Johnson”) at [37] held
that this implied term cannot override what parties have expressly agreed.
This accords with the approach taken in Cheah Peng Hock. However, in a
dissenting judgment, Lord Steyn in Johnson at [24] held that this implied term
of mutual trust and confidence is an “overarching obligation implied by law”,
that requires at least express words or a necessary implication to displace it
or to cut down its scope. Reliance was placed on Imperial Group Pension Trust
Ltd v Imperial Tobacco Ltd [1991] 1 WLR 589 and United Bank Ltd v Akhtar
[1989] IRLR 507 (“Akhtar”) for the propositions that the employer’s express
contractual rights are subject to the implied obligation that they should not
be exercised so as to destroy the relationship of trust and confidence, and
that the employer’s express rights may be qualified by this implied
obligation. Stevens v University of Birmingham [2016] 4 All ER 258 at [88]
also interpreted Akhtar as standing for the proposition that that the
overriding obligation of trust and confidence may qualify behaviour which
might otherwise appear to be justified because it falls within the literal
interpretation of those express terms. This line of authority raises the
question of whether the employer’s exercise of its express right to terminate
ought to be qualified by an “overriding obligation of trust and confidence”,
even where a literal interpretation of the express provisions gives employers
the full discretion to terminate save for the issuance of notices. This issue
was not raised in the course of submissions, and I leave this point to be
decided in another case. It sufficed to state, at this juncture, that it is
doubtful whether this line of authority is sound in principle. Principles of
contract law apply to employment contracts as well (Piattchanine, Iouri v
Phosagro Asia Pte Ltd [2015] 5 SLR 1257 at [115]), and it is trite that an
implied term cannot contradict an express term of the contract (Smile Inc
Dental Surgeons Pte Ltd v Lui Andrew Stewart [2012] 4 SLR 308 at [60]). Making
the implied term of mutual trust and confidence an “overriding obligation”
such that it could cut back on the full effect of the contractual right
expressly provided for, does not sit well with this trite principle in
contract law.

130 Secondly, if there had been no express termination provision in the
plaintiff’s employment contract, this court might have to confront the issue
of whether the House of Lords’ decision in Johnson ought to apply in
Singapore. By a majority decision, the House of Lords held that the implied
term of mutual trust and confidence does not apply to the manner of dismissal,
mainly because an implied term that covers the manner of dismissal will
overlap, and even be inconsistent, with the statutory right not to be unfairly
dismissed under the Employment Rights Act 1996 (c 18) (UK) (Johnson at [2] per
Lord Nicholls, at [58] per Lord Hoffmann and at [80] per Lord Millett). It
remained an open question as to whether Johnson ought to apply in Singapore
(see Chan Miu Yin v Philip Morris Singapore Pte Ltd [2011] SGHC 161 at
[44]–[45]; Cheah Peng Hock at [61]; Wee Kim San at [34]).

(6) Conclusion on whether there was a breach of the implied term of mutual
trust and confidence

131 Summing up my findings thus far, the facts did not reveal any misconduct
in the investigation process as alleged by the plaintiff and even though the
plaintiff was suspended and the investigation outcome was not disclosed to
him, these were for proper and reasonable causes. The implied term of mutual
trust and confidence does not extend so far as to place an obligation on the
first defendant to combat misinformation about its employee, or take
reasonable care to protect employees from economic and reputational harm, and
neither did this implied term apply to the termination of the plaintiff’s
employment on the facts of this case. Hence, I found that the first defendant
had not breached the implied term of mutual trust and confidence contained
within the plaintiff’s employment contract.

Conspiracy with the second defendant

132 The plaintiff’s case for conspiracy was that the second defendant, along
with Mr Kokkinis and other members of the first defendant, had conspired to
conceal the investigation outcome from the plaintiff, procure his continued
suspension, and concoct various reasons to justify the plaintiff’s dismissal.
232

##### Foot Note 232

×

SOC at para 20B.

It was argued that a conspiracy can be inferred from the breaches of the
implied term of mutual trust and confidence, close confidence shared between
Mr Kokkinis and second defendant (in the form of extensive communications
relating to the plaintiff’s investigations and suspensions), as well as Mr
Kokkinis’ contribution to the plaintiff’s termination by way of an email which
was false in a material regard. 233

##### Foot Note 233

×

PCS at paras 241–242; PRS at paras 70–71.

It was contended that Mr Kokkinis and the second defendant intended to cause
damage to the plaintiff by causing his employment to be terminated, 234

##### Foot Note 234

×

PRS at para 69.

and that the means employed in furtherance of this conspiracy were unlawful as
they amounted to breaches of the implied term of mutual trust and confidence.
235

##### Foot Note 235

×

PCS at para 244; PRS at para 72.

On the other hand, the defendant argued that there was no contemporaneous
evidence showing any such agreement between the second defendant, Mr Kokkinis
or any other member of the first defendant. 236

##### Foot Note 236

×

DCS at paras 138 and 140.

There was no proof an intention to cause damage or injury, 237

##### Foot Note 237

×

DCS at paras 141–142.

and the means of this conspiracy, if any, were not unlawful. 238

##### Foot Note 238

×

DCS at para 143.

133 The plaintiff’s claim for conspiracy was not made out on the evidence. It
is trite law that a key ingredient of the tort of unlawful means conspiracy is
a combination of two or more persons to do certain acts (Turf Club Auto
Emporium Pte Ltd and others v Yeo Boong Hua and others and another appeal
[2018] 2 SLR 655 at [310]). The evidence did not show the existence of any
combination at all. Direct evidence of any actual agreement would be of course
rare, and a finding of any such combination would have to be made out on
inferences from evidence of the conduct and communications between the
parties. What was before me fell far short of establishing such inferences on
the balance of probabilities.

134 The communications that occurred between the second defendant and others,
such as Mr Kokkinis, did show strong feelings about what they perceived to be
the plaintiff’s behaviour, but did not show any action or any activity that
could have been the foundation of any sufficiently strong inference chain that
would lead to the conclusion that they were in any combination or conspiracy
of the sort alleged by the plaintiff. There was certainly no evidence of any
such combination between the second defendant and other persons within the
company or group.

Negligence in protecting the confidentiality of the investigation

135 Aside from the question of whether the employer could owe a duty to not
negligently disclose information to third parties, or whether there was a duty
to keep the information confidential, there was no evidence showing a breach
of these duties, even if they were owed.

136 The plaintiff pleaded two ways in which these duties were breached. First,
the first defendant failed to take reasonable care to ensure that confidential
information pertaining to the investigation would not be leaked by any of its
employees to the public. 239

##### Foot Note 239

×

SOC at para 39B(2)(ix).

Second, the first defendant failed to take reasonable care to ensure that such
information would be kept confidential from its employees who were not part of
the first defendant’s BID and/or senior management. 240

##### Foot Note 240

×

SOC at para 39B(2)(x).

In particular, the second defendant was privy to and possessed confidential
information regarding the investigation. 241

##### Foot Note 241

×

SOC at para 39B(2)(vi).

However, in its submissions, the plaintiff appeared to have abandoned the
second breach, and focused on the first, viz, the leakage of confidential
information to the public. 242

##### Foot Note 242

×

PCS at paras 227, 236 and 239.

I thus focus the analysis on whether the first defendant had leaked
confidential information about the investigations to the public, and found
that a breach had not been established.

137 The plaintiff’s case primarily relied on res ipsa loquitur to prove that
it was the first defendant’s negligence to protect the confidentiality of the
investigation that enabled the information to find its way to Platts. 243

##### Foot Note 243

×

PCS at paras 231–238.

In response, the defendants’ main arguments were that the doctrine of res ipsa
loquitur only apply to cases involving personal injury or physical accidents,
244

##### Foot Note 244

×

DCS at para 182; DRS at para 31.

and that Platts’ answers to interrogatories rebutted any prima facie case of
negligence by the first defendant. 245

##### Foot Note 245

×

DRS at para 34(e).

138 I found that the present case did not call for the application of res ipsa
loquitur. Res ipsa loquitur is a rule of evidence that enables a plaintiff to
establish a prima facie case of negligence in the event that there is
insufficient direct evidence to establish the cause of the accident in a
situation where the accident or injury would not have occurred in the ordinary
course of things had proper care been taken, ie, absent any negligence (Grace
Electrical Engineering Pte Ltd v Te Deum Engineering Pte Ltd [2018] 1 SLR 76
(“Grace Electrical”) at [39]). That said, the question before the court at all
times remains whether the defendant was negligent on the balance of
probabilities. For this rule to apply, the plaintiff must prove that the
explanation resting on the defendant’s negligence is that which is more
probable than not, before the evidential burden shifts to the defendant to
rebut the prima facie case of negligence (Grace Electrical at [40] and [64]).

139 It follows that res ipsa loquitur can only be used as a presumption to
ascribe an incident to the defendant’s negligence where no other equally, or
more probable competing cause could exist. That is a far cry from the
situation here, where other sources outside the first defendant were readily
apparent and which could not be excluded at all. In particular, as Mr Jones
and Mr Balota from Vitol did not testify at trial, it could not be ruled out
that they did not share the existence and details of the investigation to
others, including Platts. After all, they were the ones who had the run-in
with the plaintiff and were interviewed by the first defendant’s BID team.
They would thus be privy to the existence and some details of the
investigation, as well as allegations against the plaintiff. Furthermore,
Platts confirmed, in their answers to interrogatories, that it was not the
first defendant who had provided it information. 246

##### Foot Note 246

×

S&P Interrogatories at paras 2, 4 and 6.

Platts’ answers did not point to Vitol as being the source of its information,
but it did strengthen the probability that Platts’ sources lay outside the
first defendant. At the very least, therefore, it was equally plausible that
people outside the first defendant, including people from Vitol, had revealed
the existence and details of the investigation to Platts, such that it could
not be said that the explanation resting on the first defendant’s negligence
was more probable than not.

140 Apart from the issue of res ipsa loquitur, I was satisfied that the
plaintiff had generally taken reasonable care to prevent confidential
information from leaking to the public. The first defendant’s response to the
Platts Query was effectively a refusal to comment on personnel matters or
reveal any information about the investigation. It was so general that no
confidential information pertaining to the fact or detail of the investigation
could be implied from that message. Further, when the second defendant
prepared a draft external holding statement which mentioned that the plaintiff
“is on extended leave due to an internal inquiry”, 247

##### Foot Note 247

×

ABOD Tab 29 at p 114.

Mr Kokkinis was careful to point out that there should not be a reference to
an ongoing investigation and told the second defendant to simply state “[no]
comment”. 248

##### Foot Note 248

×

ABOD Tab 29 at p 113.

141 In sum, res ipsa loquitur could not aid the plaintiff here and in the
absence of evidence pointing to a breach on the part of the first defendant,
negligence was not made out.

Vicarious liability

142 The plaintiff’s claim that the first defendant was vicariously liable for
the tortious conduct of the second defendant 249

##### Foot Note 249

×

SOC at para 39D.

failed on the basis that these alleged tortious conduct by the second
defendant was not established. This will be elaborated upon further.

Claims against the second defendant

143 The plaintiff argued that the second defendant ought to be liable under
the:

(a) tort of conspiracy, along with Mr Kokkinis and other members of the first
defendant;

(b) tort of inducing breach of contract, namely, for inducing the first
defendant to breach the implied term of mutual trust and confidence found
within the plaintiff’s employment contract; and

(c) tort of malicious falsehood.

Tort of conspiracy and tort of inducing breach of contract

144 I found that these causes of actions against the second defendant were not
made out. As set out at [133] above, the tort of conspiracy was not
established due to a lack of combination between the alleged parties to the
conspiracy. The finding that the first defendant did not breach the implied
term of mutual trust and confidence (see above at [131]) was sufficient to
dispose of the plaintiff’s claim on inducing breach of contract. While there
were aspects of the plaintiff’s conduct that perhaps showed an overzealousness
in pursuing his version of events, I did not find that there was anything that
showed that he possessed an intention to cause the first defendant to act in
breach of the implied term of mutual trust and confidence, below the base
level of fairness required.

Tort of malicious falsehood

145 One of the elements that must be proven for the tort of malicious
falsehood to be established, is that the defendant had published to third
parties words which are false (Lee Tat Development Pte Ltd v Management
Corporation Strata Title Plan No 301 [2018] 2 SLR 866 at [169]). It is thus
important to first identify what these statements are, before determining
whether they were true or false.

146 In his Statement of Claim, the plaintiff founded this cause of action on
the second defendant’s 12 October Email to Mr Kokkinis, 250

##### Foot Note 250

×

SOC at para 5A(i).

in which the second defendant said that “[b]ased on info from Vitol’s
chartering manager”, 251

##### Foot Note 251

×

ABOD Tab 1 at p 13.

the plaintiff had tried to market a third-party vessel belonging to his
friend’s company to Vitol (the “First Allegation”) and there was an incident
involving FLG in 2016 (the “Second Allegation”). In his Statement of Claim,
the plaintiff alleged that this email was false in these two respects, that
is, the second defendant was not told that the plaintiff tried to market a
third-party vessel belonging to his friend’s company to Vitol, 252

##### Foot Note 252

×

SOC at paras 5A and 5A(ii).

and the second defendant was not told about any matter involving FLG. 253

##### Foot Note 253

×

SOC at para 5A(ii).

The truth, or falsity, of these statements thus turned on whether Vitol’s
chartering manager, Mr Jones, did inform the second defendant of the First and
Second Allegations.

147 I noted that in Closing Submissions, the plaintiff added a third allegedly
false statement found in an email sent by the second defendant to Mr Forsyth
on 16 October 2017. 254

##### Foot Note 254

×

PCS at para 53.

As rightly pointed out by the defendants, 255

##### Foot Note 255

×

DRS at paras 55–56.

this third allegation was not found in the plaintiff’s pleadings. Hence, I
disregarded this third allegedly false statement in my findings.

148 As for whether the second defendant had committed the tort of malicious
falsehood in relation to the First and Second Allegations, it must be borne in
mind that even if the second defendant’s version of what transpired might have
been different from what appears to have been uncovered by the investigation,
this did not necessarily show that the second defendant committed any wrong as
pleaded. The first element requires the plaintiff to prove that the second
defendant was not told of the First and Second Allegations, and this turned on
what Mr Jones had conveyed to the second defendant prior to the 12 October
Email, not the outcome of BID investigations.

149 Parties, however, primarily relied on what Mr Jones told BID during his
interview, 256

##### Foot Note 256

×

PCS paras 58 and 62; PRS at paras 75–76; DCS para 150; DRS at para 53.

to ascertain whether the second defendant was told of the First and Second
Allegations prior to the 12 October Email. This was unsatisfactory. Firstly,
what Mr Jones told BID during his interview might have been different from
what Mr Jones informed the second defendant prior to the 12 October Email. As
Mr Jones was not called as a witness, it could not be safely said that Mr
Jones had no motive to change his account between the time he relayed the
information to the second defendant and his interview with BID. It would be a
matter of speculation as to whether he had such a motive.

150 Secondly, even if BID had attempted to summarise its interview with Mr
Jones as accurately as possible in its report, its summary would inevitably be
coloured by BID’s own interpretation of what Mr Jones said during the
interview. Again, Mr Jones was not called as a witness to testify that BID’s
summary was a fully accurate representation of what he had conveyed to BID, or
whether BID’s summary had fully captured certain nuances which he attempted to
convey during the interview.

151 In these circumstances, little weight ought to be placed on BID’s summary
as it had little probative value in determining what Mr Jones told the second
defendant prior to the 12 October Email. As Mr Jones was not called as a
witness by either party, there was no direct evidence of whether Mr Jones had,
or had not, told the second defendant about the First and Second Allegations.
There was thus inadequate evidence proving what Mr Jones had told the second
defendant prior to the 12 October Email. The first element of falsity was not
made out, and consequently, the tort of malicious falsehood was not
established against the second defendant.

Damages

152 The question of damages would be touched on briefly. I did not find that
the plaintiff had made out his case as to the measure of damages sought, and
preferred the evidence of the defendants’ witness, Ms Stine Martinussen (“Ms
Martinussen”). In particular, the measure of damages ought to be reduced to
the extent that the plaintiff failed to undertake reasonable efforts to seek
alternative employment in the industry. After his dismissal, he only contacted
four companies in the shipping industry when there were at least 10 to 15 jobs
in freight trading or chartering that were posted on LinkedIn in the year of
2018. 257

##### Foot Note 257

×

Dong Wei AEIC at paras 309–323; Ms Stine Martinussen’s Affidavit of Evidence-
In-Chief dated 5 August 2020 (“Ms Martinussen AEIC”) at para 7 and p 78.

There was also insufficient effort to search for vacancies through word-of-
mouth in the industry. Had reasonable efforts been taken to contact a wider
range of companies and apply for more jobs in the industry, he could have
landed himself a job in the shipping industry. 258

##### Foot Note 258

×

Ms Martinussen AEIC at para 13; NOE 27 August 2020 at p 13 line 8 – p 14 line
31.

It may or may not pay as well, but it would have greatly mitigated his losses.

Declaratory relief

153 I declined to grant the declaratory relief that the plaintiff sought, that
is, a declaration that the first defendant dismissed the plaintiff on 10
January 2018, and/or otherwise acted, arbitrarily, capriciously, and/or in bad
faith. 259

##### Foot Note 259

×

SOC at para 40(a).

154 To have necessary standing, the plaintiff must be asserting the
recognition of a right that is personal to him, and contested (Karaha Bodas Co
LLC v Pertamina Energy Trading Ltd and another appeal [2006] 1 SLR(R) 112 at
[15] and [19]). Yet, the plaintiff had not shown that he had a right not to be
treated arbitrarily, capriciously, and/or in bad faith by his employer (ie,
the first defendant) in respect of his dismissal or other aspects of his
employment, choosing instead to focus his arguments on breaches of the implied
term of mutual trust and confidence. This implied term is not the same as a
duty to act in good faith: whilst the former has been accepted into Singapore
law in so far as employment contracts are concerned, the latter has not (see
Cheah Peng Hock at [45] and [55]). The right not to be treated arbitrarily or
capriciously by an employer is also conceptually different from the implied
term of mutual trust and confidence: the former concerns the employer’s
reasons (or lack thereof) in acting in a certain manner, while the latter
looks at the effect of the employer’s conduct on the trust and confidence
underpinning the employer-employee relationship. As the plaintiff had not
addressed me on why the first defendant ought to be under a duty not to act
arbitrarily or capriciously, or why the first defendant ought to be under a
duty to act in good faith despite authorities to the contrary, I declined to
grant the declaratory relief sought.

Costs

155 I ordered the plaintiff to pay costs of S$113,200 to the first defendant,
S$69,320 to the second defendant, and S$11,000 to both defendants jointly.
These included costs payable for the various summonses and applications made
prior to and during trial. I also ordered the plaintiff to pay disbursements
of S$36,312.01 to both defendants jointly.

Conclusion

156 I would note that the real impact suffered by the plaintiff appears to
flow from the publication of the Platts Article. On the evidence before me,
the plaintiff’s losses could not be laid at the door of the defendants, and it
may be that the plaintiff should be left to pursue his remedies against
persons other than the defendants.

Aedit Abdullah  
Judge of the High Court  
---  
  
Choo Zheng Xi and Wong Thai Yong (Peter Low & Choo LLC) for the plaintiff;

Goh Seow Hui and David Marc Lee Yaowei (Li Yaowei) (Bird & Bird ATMD LLP) for
the first and second defendants.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 May 2021 (15:37 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

