Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC 289

Suit No 107 of 2020

Between

| Thillainathan Aravinthan  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| EMC Information Systems Management Ltd Singapore Branch  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

judgment

[Contract] — [Breach] — [Contractual entitlements upon termination of
employment]

[Contract] — [Collateral contracts]

[Tort] — [Misrepresentation] — [Fraud and deceit]

[Employment Law] — [Contract of service] — [Termination with notice]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Thillainathan Aravinthan

  
v

  

EMC Information Systems Management Ltd Singapore Branch

[2021] SGHC 289

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 107 of 2020  
Lai Siu Chiu SJ  
12–14 April, 14 May 2021.

17 December 2021

Lai Siu Chiu SJ:

Introduction

1 In this suit, Thillainathan Aravinthan (“the Plaintiff” who is also known as
“Ted”) sued his former employer EMC Information Systems Management Limited
Singapore Branch (“the Defendant”) for unpaid salary, redundancy and other
benefits alleged to be due to him under his employment contract with the
company.

The facts

2 The facts set out hereinafter below are the Plaintiff’s version. Where his
version differed from the Defendant’s version, that will be addressed when the
court considers the parties’ pleadings as well as the evidence for the
Defendant’s case.

3 The Plaintiff was in the employment of the Defendant as a director of sales
from 15 January 2018 to 30 September 2019 (a period of 20½ months) pursuant to
an employment contract dated 12 December 2017 (“the Employment Contract”). 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 2) (“SOC”) at paras 6 and 22.

He holds a master’s degree in business administration 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Transcript, 12 April 2021, p 16:14–23.

and commercial contract negotiations is one of his specialties.

4 Prior to joining the Defendant, the Plaintiff worked for Cisco Systems Pte
Ltd (“Cisco”) for around ten years holding various positions with the post of
sales team manager (global accounts – ASEAN/ANZ) being his last appointment.
According to the Plaintiff’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief (“AEIC”), 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Plaintiff’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief (“Plaintiff’s AEIC”) at para 5.

he was one of the top performers during his employment with Cisco. He
consistently met his targets and contributed greatly to its growth in sales
for global accounts.

5 In or about August 2017, the Plaintiff deposed he was approached by a
recruitment company TekSystems (Allegis Group Singapore Pte Ltd)
(“TekSystems”) in particular by Daniel Wentworth-Sheilds Boyd (“Boyd”) who
informed him of an available position as sales director in the Defendant’s
organisation. The Plaintiff however had reservations about taking up the post
for the reason which is set out below at [7].

6 Around 7 September 2016, the Defendant was acquired by Dell Technologies Inc
(“Dell”), an entity incorporated in the United States. Following Dell’s
acquisition, the Defendant underwent internal restructuring and there were
resultant employee redundancies. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC at para 7.

(Henceforth references to the “Defendant” would, where appropriate, also
include references to “Dell”).

7 In his AEIC, the Plaintiff deposed 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC at paras 8–14.

that he was reluctant to leave Cisco because if he did, he stood to lose
Restricted Stock Units (“RSUs”) that had been granted to him and were vesting
and also future RSUs which would be granted to him if he continued in Cisco’s
employment. The value of the RSUs was substantial and it would be foolish of
the Plaintiff not to factor such benefits into any future employment offer
that he received.

8 Consequently, the Plaintiff informed Boyd of his potential loss in RSUs
should he leave Cisco. Boyd advised the Plaintiff to attend the Defendant’s
hiring interviews and address the Plaintiff’s concerns in subsequent
negotiations, if he was offered employment by the Defendant.

9 The Plaintiff accepted Boyd’s advice. When the Plaintiff was later informed
by Boyd that he had been selected from the five shortlisted candidates for the
Defendant’s post of sales director, the Plaintiff commenced negotiations 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC at para 10.

through Boyd with the Defendant’s Ms Ambu Arun (“Ambu”) a senior adviser of
the Defendant’s talent acquisition team.

10 The Plaintiff deposed he shared his concerns with Ambu and Boyd on the
stability of employment with the Defendant in view of Dell’s takeover. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC at para 14.

It was at this juncture that the Plaintiff’s version differed from the
Defendant’s as to what actually transpired in the negotiations between the
parties.

11 According to the Plaintiff, in his telephone and (mainly) WhatsApp
messages) with Ambu and/or Boyd, he understood from them that:

(a) the position to be filled played a critical role in the Defendant’s
operations. The Defendant’s practice was to retain high performing employees
by rotating them internally 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC at para 15.

;

(b) the Defendant would provide redundancy benefits to the Plaintiff which
consisted of three months’ salary if redundancy took place within the first
year of employment. Thereafter, redundancy benefits would be an additional
month’s salary for every year of employment with the Defendant 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

See Boyd’s WhatsApp message to the Plaintiff dated 27 Nov 22017 at 1AB78.

;

(c) the Defendant would compensate the Plaintiff for his loss of RSUs in
leaving Cisco. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC at paras 36–37, 47 and 51.

12 In regard to the Defendant’s compensation for the Plaintiff’s loss in value
of RSUs in leaving Cisco’s employment, the Plaintiff’s version also differed
from the Defendant’s (which will be set out in the Defence and in the
testimony of its witnesses).

13 The Plaintiff claimed he wanted to be compensated by the Defendant for RSUs
that would have vested in him over three years had he stayed with Cisco. Those
RSUs were equivalent to US$109,000 or S$150,000 in value. For the RSUs that
formed a component of his annual bonus, the Plaintiff told the Defendant that
he wanted that to be built into his base salary as part of the On-Target
Earnings (“OTE”) component. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC at para 24.

It was the Plaintiff’s case that the Defendant agreed to his request. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC at paras 24 and 29.

The Plaintiff deposed that in 2017, Cisco paid him around S$460,000 divided
equally between fixed and variable elements. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC at para 25.

14 According to the Plaintiff, he expected the OTE component at the Defendant
to be around S$580,000 comprising of the fixed and variable elements as
follows 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC at para 25.

:

(a) S$530,000 being a 15% increase on the Plaintiff’s compensation at Cisco;

(b) S$50,000 being an acceptable compensation for the value of the RSUs that
he lost in leaving Cisco.

15 On or around 7 November 2017, Ambu conveyed the Defendant’s employment
offer to the Plaintiff, comprising of an annual OTE component of S$495,000, an
annual car allowance of S$30,000 and a proposed sign-on bonus of S$30,000
meant to compensate the Plaintiff for the loss in value of RSUs that were
granted and would vest over three years. The Plaintiff rejected 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC at para 26.

the offer as it was below his expectations and he told Ambu his reasons.

16 It was the Plaintiff’s case 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC at para 29.

that during his conversation with Ambu, she represented to him that she would
work on increasing the OTE component in the Defendant’s offer and the
Plaintiff would be compensated for his loss in value of the RSUs by an
alternative method. This would be done by way of the Defendant’s long term
cash award (“LTCA”) scheme – instead of the Plaintiff’s receiving a lump sum
at the commencement of his employment, his payment would be staggered over a
period of three years. However, no specifics were provided to him over how the
LTCA worked. It should be noted that in communication between the parties
namely the Plaintiff, the Defendant’s representatives and Boyd, the words
“long term incentives” abbreviated to LTI were used interchangeably to refer
to LTCA.

17 On 9 November 2017, the Plaintiff discussed with Boyd the lack of
developments regarding his employment offer from the Defendant, repeating his
expectations of the Defendant’s employment offer. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC at para 33.

He referred to his WhatsApp exchanges with Boyd on that day. Boyd indicated he
would be meeting Ambu’s superior Kurt Bridge (“Kurt”) and would find out the
Plaintiff’s position. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC at para 35.

18 Boyd met Kurt on the same day. Boyd then updated the Plaintiff by WhatsApp
on what transpired at the meeting. Boyd informed the Plaintiff that the
Defendant was looking to compensate the Plaintiff for his loss in value of the
RSUs that had already vested in the Plaintiff but the amount would be two not
three years’ worth of RSUs and would be paid over three years. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC at para 36.

19 On 10 November 2017, Ambu requested the Plaintiff to provide supporting
details of the value of his RSUs with Cisco. The Plaintiff provided the
requested details to Ambu 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

See Plaintiff’s email to Ambu at 1AB85; Plaintiff’s AEIC at para 37.

as well as an explanation of how the amount worked out to be about US$83,559,
excluding the bonus RSUs that the Plaintiff expected to receive that month.

20 Through Boyd, the Plaintiff received a revised offer from the Defendant on
14 November 2017 which terms he informed Boyd 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

See Plaintiff’s WhatsApp to Boyd at 1AB73; Plaintiff’s AEIC at para 39.

still did not satisfy him because the Plaintiff was offered US$60,000 as
compensation for his loss in value of the RSUs which worked out to US$20,000
per year for three years against his estimated loss of US$83,559.

21 On 15 November 2017, in a telephone conversation, Ambu briefed the
Plaintiff on the progress of the Defendant’s employment offer. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC at para 41.

She also explained to the Plaintiff how the Defendant’s WorkDay online system
operated. She told the Plaintiff he needed to create an account on WorkDay
through which the Defendant would provide him with a soft copy of his letter
of offer.

22 The Plaintiff received as part of his annual bonus from Cisco, further RSUs
on or about 17 Nov 2017 which he estimated to be worth US$28,800. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC at para 42.

He informed both Boyd and Ambu of that fact. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC at paras 43 and 44.

Boyd and Ambu apparently discussed the issue on 21 November 2017. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC at para 45.

On 27 November 2017, Ambu telephoned the Plaintiff to inform him that she was
working on his employment offer. She also informed him that she was waiting
for word from the Defendant’s US team on the amount of compensation for his
loss of RSUs. Pending that, she told him she would upload onto the WorkDay
system a letter of offer from the Defendant containing the previous offer of
US$60,000 as compensation for the loss in value of his RSUs. She added that
once the approved amount of compensation was made known to her, she would
update the Defendant’s letter of offer. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC at para 46.

23 On 28 November 2017, Boyd informed the Plaintiff that the Defendant had
agreed to offer him USD82,300 for the LTI. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC at paras 47–49.

On or around 4 December 2017, the Plaintiff received from the Defendant the
employment contract. He resigned from Cisco on the following day. The
Plaintiff noted from the employment contract that the Defendant offered him
US$82,300 as compensation for loss in value of RSUs at Cisco but termed it as
a LTCA. He further noted there was a reference to a “Long Term Cash Incentive
and Retention Award Agreement” 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

1AB145–148.

(“LTCA Agreement”) on which he sought clarification from Ambu, both by
WhatsApp 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

1AB138.

and by email 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

1AB88.

.

24 Ambu responded 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

See her WhatsApp message at 1AB138.

stating that there were no terms and conditions attached to the Defendant’s
compensation for his loss in value of RSUs at Cisco that was termed a LTCA.
She added that the Plaintiff would receive a separate letter once he joined
the Defendant.

25 On 7 December 2017, the Plaintiff spoke to Ambu seeking clarification that
payment for the US$82,300 compensation to him for the loss in value of his
RSUs at Cisco would be staggered over three years. She confirmed his
understanding and added that there were no other terms and conditions that the
Plaintiff needed to comply with. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC at para 52.

26 On 12 December 2017, the Plaintiff countersigned the Defendant’s letter of
offer dated 30 November 2017 which became the Employment Contract. It was a
replacement for the first contract the Plaintiff signed on or about 4 December
2017 as that contained the incorrect commencement date of 1 January 2018
instead of 15 January 2018 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Transcript, 12 April 2021, p 123:14–19; 1AB81.

, and a notice period of one month instead of three months 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC at para 53.

.

27 It was the Plaintiff’s case that as of 12 December 2017, he had no
knowledge of the contents of the LTCA agreement and had neither seen nor
received a copy of that document. He deposed 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC at para 55.

that it was only around 26 March 2018 that he was made to log into the
Defendant’s online system “Fidelity” to review the compensation for his loss
in value of RSUs at Cisco. The Plaintiff alleged that it was because of Ambu’s
representation in [24] that there were no other terms and conditions in his
Employment Contract, that he assumed the LTCA was a standard company document
that the Defendant requested him to sign. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC at para 56.

28 At this juncture, it would be appropriate to set out the relevant clauses
in the Employment Contract 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

1AB126–136

:

[a] Compensation

As a sales employee, [the Plaintiff’s] compensation is on a 50/50 split. Based
on the prevailing Sales Incentive Plan*, your total On-Target Earnings on a
per annum basis will be:  

Base salary

SGD 260,000

Commission

SGD 260,000

On Target Earnings

SGD 520,000.00

…

The On-Target Commission will be detailed in the Quota Acknowledgment Form
upon commencement. The split between base and variable or bonus may be amended
from time to time, in accordance with company practice and policy.

The Target Incentive will be detailed in the Sales Compensation Plan and Quota
Acknowledgement Form [the Plaintiff] will receive and need to sign after [he]
start[s] employment. …

[“the Compensation clause”]

…

[b] Car allowance

Work Required Car Allowance is paid to the Company employees in eligible
positions who are required to supply and maintain a motor vehicle for business
purposes. [The Plaintiff] will only receive Car Allowance when [he is]
employed in an eligible role. …

[The Plaintiff] will be entitled to a company car allowance of SGD30,000 per
annum, which will be paid monthly through payroll and subject to normal taxes.

[“the Car Allowance clause”]

[c] Long Term Cash Allowance

[The Plaintiff] will also be eligible for a Long Term Cash Award (LTCA) with a
total value of 82,300.00 USD.

The Award will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Long Term Cash
Incentive and Retention Award Agreement which is separately attached and will
need to be signed and submitted without modification.

[“the LTCA clause”]

…

[d] Termination of Employment

…

Upon satisfactory completion of probation, your employment may be terminated
by either party at any time by giving to the other party 3 months written
notice prior to the termination date or salary in lieu at the sole discretion
of the [Defendant].

[“the Employment Termination clause”]

…

[e] Code of Conduct

…

This letter cancels and is in substitution for all previous letters of
engagement, agreements and arrangements, whether oral or in writing between
[Dell] and yourself. This letter, together with [Dell’s] Code of Conduct and
all prevailing Dell policies and regulations, is the entire agreement between
you and [Dell] upon which you are employed.

[“the Entire Agreement clause”]

…

[f] Confirmation of Acceptance

…

The terms and conditions of [the Plaintiff’s] employment with [the Defendant]
are as specified in this document, contract of employment [with the
Defendant]. ...

[“the Confirmation of Acceptance clause”]

…

[emphasis in original in bold and bold underline]

29 The Plaintiff received from the Defendant around February 2019 the sum of
US$27,433 (being one-third of US$82,300) that being the first tranche of
payment of the compensation for the loss in value of his RSUs at Cisco. He did
not receive the subsequent two payments. He found out much later (after he
left the Defendant’s employment) that what he understood of the LTCA and what
he received was radically different. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC at paras 59–60.

30 The Plaintiff commenced his employment with the Defendant on 15 January
2018 but deposed it was not a happy experience. He complained of repeated
changes of his reporting lines within short time spans. In his AEIC 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC at para 61.

, he set out a chronology (between December 2017 and July 2019) of those
reporting line changes due to the Defendant’s internal restructuring.

31 Notwithstanding the reporting line problems, the Plaintiff deposed 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC at para 62.

he worked diligently and exceeded the quota targets set by the Defendant.
Hence, the Defendant increased his monthly salary from S$21,666.67 to
S$22,394.67 in October 2018. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC at para 65.

If he met his quota targets in full (which he did), the Defendant paid the
Plaintiff commission which was the same amount as his salary.

32 As recognition of the Plaintiff’s high performance, the Defendant invited
him to join the President’s Club (“the Club”) around 4 May 2019 and to attend
an exclusive company event in Bali. It was apparently a very prestigious event
within the Defendant’s organisation which was reserved for very few elite
performing sales members. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC at para 68.

33 On 13 August 2019, without warning and which shock caused him to lose
consciousness momentarily, the Plaintiff was told in person and by a letter
dated the same day (“the Termination Letter”) 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

1AB236; Plaintiff’s AEIC at para 69–71.

from the Defendant’s Human Resource Manager, that his employment with the
Defendant would be terminated on 1 September 2019. The Plaintiff alleged he
was coerced into countersigning the Termination Letter after he regained
consciousness.

34 Following upon the abrupt termination of his employment, the Plaintiff
engaged in extensive/intensive communication with the Defendant’s personnel
between 22 August and 5 September 2019, regarding his redundancy benefits,
outstanding commission. The net outcome was that at the end of the exercise,
the Plaintiff took the position that the Defendant had failed to pay him his
dues including the outstanding sum of US$54,866 for the loss in compensation
of his RSUs.

35 In the Termination Letter, the Defendant had given as the reason for his
termination that the Plaintiff’s “role ha[d] become redundant”. The Plaintiff
questioned the validity of that reason as the Defendant hired an Australian
the week after the Plaintiff was given his notice 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC at paras 74 and 90.

and part of the Plaintiff’s role was filled by the Australian. Subsequently,
the Defendant hired other staff who to some extent filled the Plaintiff’s
role.

36 The Plaintiff received a letter dated 9 September 2019 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

2AB59.

(“the 9 September letter”) from the Defendant informing him that his last day
of employment would be 30 September 2019. Attached to the 9 September letter
was a schedule stating the Plaintiff would be paid S$88,251.42 as of 30
September 2019 based on the following breakdown:

Earnings & Allowances | SGD  
---|---  
*Monthly base salary (September 2019)| 22,394.67  
*Car / Transportation allowance| 2,500.00  
Severance Pay | 38,294.88  
Notice Pay | 44,789.33  
Leave encashment| 5,167.21  
Total Payout| 88,251.42  
* Subject to pro-rations wherever applicable  
  
37 The Plaintiff did not agree with the Defendant’s calculations describing
the total payout figure as “hopelessly incorrect” 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC at para 84.

; he refused to countersign the 9 September letter to confirm his agreement.
The Plaintiff said he was aware that he was entitled to 21 days annual and had
a prorated balance of unutilised leave of 7.5 days as of 30 November 2019 (the
expiry of his contractual notice period of three months). 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC at paras 85–86.

Yet, the Defendant only paid him 5 days’ unutilised leave of S$5,167.21. The
Defendant had also failed to pay him his commission.

38 At his insistence, the plaintiff had a meeting with the Defendant on 17
September 2019 where he rejected the offer of compensation in the 9 September
letter. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC at para 88.

39 The Plaintiff engaged solicitors who on 19 September 2019 sent a letter of
demand (“the letter of demand”) to the Defendant 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

3AB12–18.

setting out at length the terms of his employment and benefits, his grievances
vis-à-vis his termination and his demands. For the first time, an allegation
was raised that the Plaintiff had been wrongfully dismissed. The letter of
demand concluded with a claim on the Plaintiff’s behalf for: (a) salary in
lieu of notice amounting to S$97,078.68; (b) S$230,535.53 as severance pay
under his redundancy package and (c) 9.25 days of unconsumed leave equivalent
to S$20,829.83.

40 I should add that in his AEIC 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC at para 93.

the Plaintiff seemed to suggest that the letter of demand was privileged and
should not have been disclosed by the Defendant in its list of documents.
However, after clarification that no waiver of solicitor-and-client privilege
was involved, the letter of demand became part of the agreed bundles of
documents placed before the court. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Minute sheet dated 12 April 2021 (Chamber hearing).

41 Notwithstanding the letter of demand in [39], on 30 September 2019, the
Defendant’s Cecilia Teh (“Cecilia”) from its Human Resources department sent
an email 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

2AB132.

to the Plaintiff repeating the total payout figure set out in the table at
[36] above.

42 The Plaintiff left the Defendant’s services on 30 September 2019 without
receiving the sums he had claimed in the letter of demand. Instead, he
received S$122,623.71 from the Defendant in two tranches: (a) S$31,341.32 on
26 September 2019 and (b) S$91,282.39 on 12 October 2019. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC at para 98.

The pleadings

43 On 4 February 2020, the Plaintiff filed this suit. In his Statement of
Claim Amendment No. 2 (“the SOC”), the Plaintiff largely narrated the facts
set out earlier at [11] to [41] above. The Plaintiff alleged that the
Defendant had breached the express terms of employment contract in:

(a) failing to pay him his monthly salary, car allowance and sales commission
as part of his monthly salary 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

SOC at paras 34–36.

; and

(b) failing to pay the Plaintiff his unutilised (prorated) annual leave based
on his monthly base salary 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

SOC at paras 40 and 41.

.

44 The Plaintiff further alleged that the Defendant breached the implied term
of the employment contract as the Defendant had promised to pay the Plaintiff
redundancy benefits in the event he was made redundant but failed to do so. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

SOC at para 44.

45 As the Plaintiff was made redundant on 30 November 2019, the Plaintiff
averred he was entitled to 4.875 months of redundancy pay based on his monthly
salary. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

SOC at para 45.

46 The Plaintiff further alleged that the Defendant had orally misrepresented
to him on or about 27 November 2017 that he would be entitled to the following
redundancy benefits 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

SOC at para 54.

:

(a) he would be paid three months’ salary if he was made redundant in his
first year of employment; and

(b) if he was made redundant after his first year of employment, the Plaintiff
would be paid an additional month’s salary for every year of employment that
he completed with the Defendant.

(which the Plaintiff collectively termed “the Redundancy Agreement”) 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

SOC at para 19.

47 In reliance on the above representation, the Plaintiff averred that he
accepted the Employment Contract and the Redundancy Agreement. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

SOC at paras 56 and 57.

48 The Plaintiff alleged that the Defendant also represented to him in or
around November and December 2017 that he would receive a sum of US$82,300 as
compensation for loss of value of his RSUs and that the sum would be payable
to him over three years instead of as a lump sum. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

SOC at para 64.

In breach of the representation, the Plaintiff alleged that the Defendant
failed to compensate him US$82,300 and only paid him US$27,433 for the loss in
the value of his RSUs leaving a balance of US$54,866 outstanding. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

SOC at para 67.

49 The Plaintiff alleged that the Defendant made the above representation
fraudulently, ie, knowing that the representations were false or recklessly
not caring whether the representations were true or false. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

SOC at para 68.

In the alternative, if the representations were not made fraudulently, the
Plaintiff relied on s 2 of the Misrepresentation Act (Cap 390, 1994 Rev Ed) 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

SOC at para 69.

. The section states:

2.—(1) Where a person has entered into a contract after a misrepresentation
has been made to him by another party thereto and as a result thereof he has
suffered loss, then, if the person making the misrepresentation would be
liable to damages in respect thereof had the misrepresentation been made
fraudulently, that person shall be so liable notwithstanding that the
misrepresentation was not made fraudulently, unless he proves that he had
reasonable ground to believe and did believe up to the time the contract was
made that the facts represented were true.

50 In summary, the SOC made the following claims against the Defendant 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

SOC at p 19.

:

(a) Damages for breach of the express and implied terms of the Employment
Contract;

(b) Alternatively damages for breach of s 11 of the Employment Act (Cap 91,
2009 Rev Ed) (“the Employment Act”);

(c) In the further alternative, damages for breach of the Redundancy
Agreement; and

(d) Damages in the sum of US$54,866 for loss of RSUs or in the alternative,
damages to be assessed.

51 The Defendant’s Defence (Amendment No 2) (“the Defence”) admitted that Ambu
was involved in negotiations with the Plaintiff but denied Boyd had authority
to make representations and/or enter into agreements on the Defendant’s
behalf. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Defence (Amendment No 2) (“Defence”) at para 9.

52 The Defence disputed a number of the Plaintiff’s allegations set out in the
SOC. The Defendant 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Defence at para 4.

:

(a) averred that the Plaintiff’s target incentive/commission was governed by
Dell’s Sales Compensation Policy (“the SCP”) and the Quota Acknowledgement
Forms (“the Quota Forms”) which the Plaintiff accepted during his employment
with the Defendant;

(b) averred that the Plaintiff’s LTCA was governed by the LCTA Agreement (see
[23] above) which the Defendant granted on 15 February 2018 to the Plaintiff
and which he accepted on 26 March 2018;

(c) denied that the Plaintiff’s rights in redundancy were set out in the
Redundancy Agreement (see [46] above) or there was such an agreement. The
Defendant contended that the Plaintiff’s rights in the event of termination
were set out in the Employment Contract.

53 Further, under cl 13 of the LTCA Agreement, the Defendant asserted 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Defence at para 8.

that the Plaintiff is estopped from asserting he relied on and was induced by
any representations or promise when he entered into the agreement.
Alternatively, the Plaintiff did not rely on any purported representations
when he signed the LTCA agreement. Clause 13 reads 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

1AB148.

:

Acceptance of Terms and Conditions — This Award will not be effective and you
may not receive any Award Payments until you have acknowledged and agreed to
the terms and conditions set forth herein in the matter prescribed by the
Company. You agree that you are not relying on any representations or promises
outside of this Agreement, the Plan and the Grant Summary. You must accept
your award no later than 4pm Eastern Time, five business days prior to the
first vesting date or your entire award will be cancelled. You should print a
copy of this Award and your Grant Summary for your records.

54 The Defendant added that for the process of determining the quantum of the
Plaintiff’s award under the LTCA Agreement, his loss of RSUs with Cisco was
taken into consideration. The Defendant added 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Defence at para 12.

that in signing the LTCA agreement and in accepting the first tranche of
US$27,433 of the LTCA in February 2019, the Plaintiff affirmed and agreed to
be bound by the LTCA Agreement.

55 The Defendant admitted that the sum of US$82,300 was to be paid to the
Plaintiff over three years under the LTCA agreement but denied that the sum
was compensation for the Plaintiff’s loss of value in RSUs. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Defence at para 14.

56 The Defendant accepted the Plaintiff’s figures for his monthly basic salary
(S$22,394.67) and car allowance (S$2,500) but disagreed that his sales
commission formed part of his monthly salary. The Defendant added that the
Plaintiff’s commission was a productivity incentive which was governed by the
terms of the SCP (see [52] above). The Plaintiff would only be paid commission
if he met the criteria for the sales compensation payout before the last day
of his employment as set out in the Quota Forms. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Defence at para 18.

57 The Defendant denied the Plaintiff was entitled to notice pay after 13
November 2019 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Defence at para 26.

(the Defence stated the year as 2017 which is clearly incorrect). The
Defendant averred that the sums payable and paid to the Plaintiff were revised
in Cecilia’s email to him dated 30 September 2019 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

2AB132.

(see [41] above) and totalled SG$122,623 which included two months’ salary in
lieu of notice (for October and November 2019). He was also paid a gratuitous
sum of S$38,294.88 (termed “Severance Pay” at [36] above). 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Defence at paras 29 and 42.

As the Plaintiff did not work and make any sales in October and November 2019,
he was not entitled to a car allowance and sales commission respectively for
those months. Neither was he entitled to commission under the SCP for the
months of October and November 2019. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Defence at para 35.

58 The Defendant denied contravening ss 2 and/or 11 of the Employment Act and
averred those provisions did not apply to the Plaintiff’s claims for sales
commission and/or car allowance. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Defence at para 39.

The Defendant further denied the Plaintiff was entitled to salary for
unutilised 7.5 days of leave. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Defence at paras 40–42.

His prorated unutilised leave balance was 5 days for which he was paid
S$5,167.21. In addition, he received a gratuitous payment of S$38,294.88.

59 In his Reply (Amendment No 3) (“the Reply”), the Plaintiff asserted that
the sum of US$82,300 was not a LTCA nor was the sum governed by the LTCA
Agreement or Dell’s LTI plan. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

Reply (Amendment No 3) (“Reply”) at para 4.

60 The Plaintiff added that even if he had accepted the LTCA Agreement on 26
March 2018 (which he denied), it was fundamentally different from his belief
and understanding of the Defendant’s assurance that the sum was an outright
quantified compensation for the loss in value of his RSUs in Cisco. The
Plaintiff averred he was neither furnished with the LTCA Agreement nor
apprised of its terms prior to the execution of the Employment Contract. The
terms were only made known to him some two months after the Employment
Contract was given to him for his review and acceptance. Consequently, the
Plaintiff contended that the terms of the LTCA Agreement were not enforceable
against him. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Reply at para 5.

61 The Plaintiff disagreed with the Defendant’s interpretation on how the SCP
and the Quota Forms applied to him. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Reply at paras 8 and 10.

He pleaded that the sum of S$38,294.88 was severance pay. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

Reply at para 17.

The evidence

62 Besides himself, the Plaintiff had one other person (Boyd) as his witness.
The Defendant had three witnesses in Cecilia, Verena Chua Tong Siew (“Verena”)
and Ambu.

(i) The Plaintiff’s case

63 As the Plaintiff’s version of the facts has already been set out earlier,
the court turns to his cross-examination for the additional facts that were
adduced therein.

64 Notwithstanding that the Plaintiff had accepted (after review) and signed
the LTCA Agreement, he maintained he was not bound by its terms as he did not
think it applied to him – to him, it was just a “tool” 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

See, eg, Transcript, 12 April 2021, pp 25:9–26:6.

, a means whereby he would be paid for his loss in RSUs. Moreover, the terms
were not inconsistent with what Ambu had told him at [24]. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

Transcript, 12 April 2021, pp 26:2–6, 67:12–19.

65 The Plaintiff gave the above evidence after the counsel for the Defendant
(and the court) questioned him 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

Transcript, 12 April 2021, pp 26:11–27:9.

on his expertise in and familiarity with, commercial contracts as a specialist
in commercial contracts. Although the Plaintiff agreed that he was familiar
with contracts such as the LTCA Agreement, he explained that his familiarity
with such contracts extended to figures and payments – he was not allowed to
negotiate legal terms in commercial contracts as this would normally be done
by his employer’s legal counsel. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

Transcript, 12 April 2021, pp 27:23–28:10.

66 The Plaintiff’s attention was drawn to the terms of the LTCA Agreement 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

1AB145–148.

and in particular to cl 13 set out earlier at [53] as well as the following cl
1:

1\. Payment Schedule – Your Award will vest and you will receive cash payments
in accordance with the schedule in your Grant Summary (‘Award Payments’). …
Other than termination of Employment due to death or Permanent Disability (as
defined in the Plan), your eligibility to receive an Award Payment is
conditioned upon your continued Employment. …

[hereinafter referred to as “the Payment Schedule Clause”]

67 The Plaintiff agreed that Ambu did not represent at any time to him that he
was entitled to the RSUs payout over three years without conditions 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

Transcript, 12 April 2021, p 66:6–22.

or his continued employment by the Defendant, which was in line with the
Payment Schedule Clause in [66]. He further agreed that the LTCA was also not
inconsistent with a sign-on bonus. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

Transcript, 12 April 2021, p 68:21–24.

68 However, the Plaintiff disagreed that the Defendant’s purpose in granting
the LTCA was to incentivise its employees to help the Defendant achieve its
long-term goals, even though those words appeared in the document. He claimed
that such a purpose did not apply in his case as the LTCA was merely a payout
tool used for his RSUs 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

Transcript, 12 April 2021, pp 69:3–70:17.

. In re-examination 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

Transcript, 12 April 2021, pp 144:18–145:2.

the Plaintiff explained that by “tool” he meant the Fidelity system whereby
the Defendant made its payments. He then referred to a document 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

2AB137.

as an example of what can be seen in the Defendant’s Fidelity system.

69 The Plaintiff’s attention 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

Transcript, 12 April 2021, pp 91:25–92:17.

was also drawn to the following clause that appeared in section 4 of the
Defendant’s Worldwide Sales Compensation Policy 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

2AB21.

:

Termination: If a sales maker’s employment terminates (voluntary or
involuntary), the sales compensation payout shall be paid if the criteria for
the sales compensation payout calculation are met on or before the employee’s
last day worked. Attainment and Sales commissions will be calculated based on
original quota and Target Incentive (TI) assigned for the period (excl. DFS
sales makers). If no quota has been assigned for the quota performance period,
the departing sales maker may be paid at 100% of their Target Incentive (TI),
pro-rated, through their last day worked as approved by segment Finance.

70 Boyd testified 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

Boyd’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief (“Boyd’s AEIC”) at para 17.

that he was “a bridging individual for Ambu and the Plaintiff and facilitated
the transmission of information between them.” The terms of employment he
conveyed to the Plaintiff were what Ambu on behalf of the Defendant
represented to him and vice versa. He was aware that sometimes Ambu and the
Plaintiff communicated directly with one another. In cross-examination 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

Transcript, 13 April 2021, pp 158:10–159:7.

, Boyd agreed with the Defence (see [51] above) that he could not make
representations nor enter into contracts on the Defendant’s behalf.

71 Boyd’s AEIC regarding TekSystems’ recruitment of the Plaintiff by the
Defendant was aligned with the Plaintiff’s version. Boyd made copious
reference to his WhatsApp exchanges with the Plaintiff in his AEIC. In cross-
examination he disagreed that because the Employment Contract did not contain
a redundancy clause, it meant the Plaintiff was not entitled to redundancy
benefits, pointing out 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

Transcript, 13 April 2021, pp 167:18–168:11; see Verena’s Affidavit of
Evidence-in-Chief (“Verena’s AEIC”) at para 13.

that the Defendant may well have a redundancy policy outside an employee’s
contract of employment that is applicable to all its employees.

(ii) The Defendant’s case

72 Nothing turns on the testimony of the Defendant’s other two witnesses
Cecilia and Verena as neither were involved in the negotiations between the
Plaintiff and the Defendant and both joined the Defendant’s services well
after the Plaintiff. Verena was in charge of administering and monitoring
benefits such as LTCA in her role as the Compensation & Benefits Lead for
Dell. She deposed that the Plaintiff had access to and would have seen the
LTCA Agreement, the Dell Technologies Inc 2012 Long Term incentive Plan and
the Grant Summary on the Defendant’s Fidelity Portal. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

Verena’s AEIC at para 22.

In re-examination 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

Transcript, 13 April 2021, p 187:3–8.

she explained that the Fidelity portal was not managed/administered by the
Defendant but by a third party. Had the Plaintiff not accepted and/or signed
the LTCA Agreement, Verena added that the Defendant would not have granted or
distributed to him the first tranche of the LTCA. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

Verena’s AEIC at para 27.

73 Cecilia in her role as the senior adviser in human resources with the
Defendant dealt with the Plaintiff’s claims in (a) higher notice pay for
September–November 2019; (b) more pay in lieu of leave and (c) redundancy
benefits. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

Cecilia’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief (“Cecilia’s AEIC”) at paras 1, 4 and
5.

Cecilia was the writer of the email dated 30 September 2019 at [41] where she
set out the Plaintiff’s payments and attached his payslip for September 2019;
the letter states 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

2AB132.

:

With reference to the WFR letter and benefits statement, appended below the
payout details.

1\. You would have received your monthly base salary, car/transportation
allowance and commission (1) in your regular September 2019 salary payout on
27 September 2019.

2\. The commission (2) and WFR payout will be made to you within the next 3
days.

Earnings & Allowances | SGD  
---|---  
*Monthly base salary (September 2019)| 22,394.67  
*Car/Transportation Allowance (September 2019)| 2,500.00  
Commission (1) (September 2019)| 7,646.65  
Commission (2) | 6,630.98  
WFR payout |   
Severance Pay| 38,294.88  
Notice Pay in lieu | 44,789.33  
Leave encashment| 5,167.21  
Total Payout| 88,251.42  
  
74 By the time of the trial, Ambu was no longer in the employment of the
Defendant. In fact, she left the Defendant’s services in the same month
(January 2018) that the Plaintiff joined the Defendant before joining her
current employer on 5 February 2018 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

See her WhatsApp message to Boyd on 22 Jan 2018 at 1AB67.

. She was a crucial witness in the light of the Plaintiff’s repeated
allegations in the SOC that she had made representation to him which prompted
him to join the Defendant but which turned out to be untrue.

75 Although she was a subpoenaed witness, Ambu affirmed an AEIC on behalf of
the Defendant. Due to the lapse of time since she left the Defendant’s
services, Ambu was largely unable to recollect specific events and dates
during her cross-examination.

76 In regard to the Plaintiff’s allegations that she fraudulently
misrepresented to him:

(a) that he would be entitled to certain redundancy benefits in the event he
was made redundant 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

SOC at paras 44, 54 and 55.

; and

(b) the sum of US$82,300 under the LCTA was compensation for the Plaintiff’s
loss of the value of his unvested RSUs in Cisco 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

SOC at paras 64–65.

Ambu deposed in her AEIC 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

Ambu’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief (“Ambu’s AEIC”) at para 3.

that those benefits would be inconsistent with the terms and conditions of the
Plaintiff’s employment as stated in the Employment Contract. In the light of
the provisions in the document, she rejected outright the Plaintiff’s
allegation that she intended to mislead him.

77 Ambu pointed out 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

Ambu’s AEIC at para 16.

that during her period of employment with the Defendant (September
2011–January 2018), she was aware that the Defendant’s Human Resources (“HR”)
department had the discretion to make goodwill payments to departing employees
for loss of office. If the HR department was so minded, she stated that the
departing employee would be given goodwill payments of an additional month’s
salary for every year of completed service that he served. Since she was aware
of this goodwill practice, she would not have promised the Plaintiff he was
entitled to goodwill payments.

78 The Plaintiff had relied on Boyd’s WhatsApp message to him dated 27
November 2017 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

1AB108.

which stated:

hi Ted, spoke with Ambu, as around the retrenchment clause, she said if there
is a retrenchment in the first year you will be paid 3 months salary and this
period increases each year of employment.

Ambu noted that Boyd’s message in any event referred to “retrenchment clause”
and not “redundancy benefit” or a “redundancy agreement”. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

Ambu’s AEIC at para 17.

79 Ambu then referred to Boyd’s earlier WhatsApp message to her on 24 November
2017 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

1AB65.

which said:

good morning Ambu, Ted said he submitted the application yesterday via the
link as requested. He mentioned that he a while ago he asked about verbiage
within the contract on retrenchment, have you any visibility on this? He is
also waiting on any updates for the LTI.

She opined that it was clear therefrom that parties were negotiating a written
term that could potentially be part of the Plaintiff’s terms of employment.
Ambu confirmed during cross-examination 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

Transcript, 14 April 2021, p 298:11–14.

that Boyd acted as a bridge between her and the Plaintiff. He was not
authorised (as he himself confirmed at [70] above) to make representations or
enter into contracts on the Defendant’s behalf.

80 Ambu had testified 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

Transcript, 14 April 2021, p 259:16–24.

that as the Plaintiff held the position of a director, he was entitled to the
Defendant’s standard notice period for directors of three months.

81 In the course of cross-examining Ambu 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

See, eg, Transcript, 14 April 2021, pp 231:20–235:12.

, counsel for the Plaintiff repeatedly stressed that throughout her WhatsApp
exchanges with Boyd, Ambu not once used the words “Subject to Contract” when
she talked of the terms of employment offered to the Plaintiff. That is
correct. However, that also does not mean that the terms that were discussed
orally were binding on the Defendant.

The issues

82 The issues that require the court’s determination in this case are:

(a) Is the Plaintiff bound by the terms set out in the LTCA agreement even
though the document was made available to him after and not when, he signed
the Employment Contract on 12 December 2017?

(b) Did Ambu represent to the Plaintiff he would be paid redundancy benefits
at one month’s salary for every year of service with the Defendant? If so, did
Ambu’s representation amount to a collateral agreement between the parties?

(c) Did Ambu represent to the Plaintiff that the Defendant would compensate
him outright for the loss in value of his Cisco RSUs amounting to US$82,300?

(d) Was the Plaintiff entitled to his sales commission and car allowance for
October and November 2019 despite having left the Defendant’s services on 30
September 2019?

(e) Was the Plaintiff entitled to 7.5 days of unutilised leave rather than the
5 days the Defendant paid him?

(f) Was the Defendant in breach of any express or implied terms of the
Employment Contract?

The submissions

83 Before the court makes its findings, it would be helpful to look briefly at
the submissions filed by the parties, starting with the Plaintiff’s Closing
Submissions (“PCS”). In their respective submissions, the parties gave their
own interpretation of the WhatsApp exchanges between the Plaintiff, Boyd
and/or Ambu. As the court will address the relevant communication between the
parties in the course of its findings, it would not be necessary to review the
parties’ submissions in this regard.

(i) The Plaintiff’s submissions

84 The Plaintiff’s submissions were highly critical of the Defendant’s choice
of witnesses and the evidence they presented. He asserted 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions (“PCS”) at para 23.

that Verena and Cecilia were “wholly irrelevant witnesses” as they were never
involved in his negotiations with the Defendant and joined the company after
him. On the other hand, he criticised 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

PCS at para 22.

the Defendant for not calling Kurt and Peter Hanna to testify even though they
were involved in the Plaintiff’s pre-contractual negotiations with the
Defendant.

85 The court notes that Ambu confirmed 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

Transcript, 14 April 2021, p 213:7–12.

during cross-examination that Kurt has left the Defendant but she was
uncertain about Peter Hanna. Neither Verena nor Cecilia were cross-examined on
either gentleman. As they are still the Defendant’s employees, it would have
been more appropriate for the Plaintiff to inquire of Verena and Cecilia as to
the present whereabouts and availability as witnesses of either gentleman than
to ask Ambu, an ex-employee of the Defendant. The court does not think it is
right therefore for the Plaintiff to make any adverse comment(s) on the
absence of Kurt and Peter Hanna as the Defendant’s witnesses when no evidence
was adduced in that regard.

86 The Plaintiff also criticised the fact that Boyd was called as his witness
and not the Defendant’s. He added 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

PCS at para 14.

that Boyd delivered a truthful account of events, amplifying his strong sense
of justice and at the expense of him being engaged by the Defendant in the
future for similar assignments. The court notes that no evidence was adduced
at the trial to support the submission that Boyd testified at the expense of
future work from the Defendant. Moreover, it is trite law that no litigant has
a proprietary right to any witness. The Defendant was not obliged to call Boyd
to testify. Indeed, the fact that Boyd was the Plaintiff’s witness gave the
Defendant the advantage of cross-examining him.

87 Ambu was not spared from the Plaintiff’s criticisms either. She was said to
be an unwilling witness as the Defendant had to subpoena her 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

PCS at para 18.

. Then in the next breath 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

PCS at para 19.

, Ambu was criticised for doing a 180 degrees turn in affirming an AEIC for
the Defendant. The Plaintiff’s ambivalence brings to mind the idiom “Damned if
you do and damned if you don’t”. The Plaintiff then went on to say that he
could only “hazard guesses as to why Ms. Ambu had a change of mind to depose
to an AEIC and testify at trial for the Defendant.” 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

PCS at para 19.

For added measures, the Plaintiff criticised 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

PCS at para 21.

Ambu for being an unreliable witness with a highly selective and biased memory
– she was accused of fitting into the Defendant’s strategy to stonewall the
Plaintiff.

88 In his submissions 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

PCS at paras 8-9.

, the Plaintiff submitted that there are differences between stock options and
RSUs. Instead of relying on a textbook authority raised only at the
submissions stage by the Plaintiff (Steven M Bragg, The New CFO Financial
Leadership Manual (Wiley, 3rd Ed, 2011), the court would have found it more
helpful if the Plaintiff and/or Ambu had been questioned on the differences
the Plaintiff has now raised after trial.

89 The Plaintiff submitted 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

PCS at paras 143–148.

that a collateral contract came into being based on Ambu’s promise of
redundancy benefits to the Plaintiff which enticed him to join the Defendant
and for which he provided separate consideration by entering into the
Employment Contract. In support of this submission, the Plaintiff cited
Goldzone (Asia Pacific) Ltd (formerly known as Goldzone (Singapore) Ltd) v
Creative Technology Centre Pte Ltd [2011] SGHC 103 (“Goldzone”) 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

PCS at para 76.

and the following criteria set out by Andrew Ang J (as he then was) at [45]
for the formation of an oral collateral contract:

(a) The statement must be promissory in nature or effect rather than
representational (Lemon Grass v Peranakan Place Complex Pte Ltd [2002] 2
SLR(R) 50 at [116]–[117]);

(b) There must be certainty of terms;

(c) There must be separate consideration; and

(d) Existence of animus contrahendi, ie, a statement must be intended to be
legally binding (Inntrepreneur Pub Co (GL) v East Crown Ltd [2000] 2 Lloyd’s
Rep 611 at [614]).

90 The Plaintiff also submitted 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

PCS at paras 140–142.

that a term of trust and confidence was to be implied into the Employment
Contract.

91 However, nothing was said in the Plaintiff’s submissions regarding the
Entire Agreement clause set out earlier in [28(e)].

(ii) The Defendant’s submissions

92 The Defendant’s Closing Submissions (“DCS”) did not criticise the witnesses
in the manner the Plaintiff did. What the Defendant did was to point out 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions (“DCS”) at para 24.

that Boyd may have conflated the notice provision in the Employment Contract
with the possibility of goodwill payment, as Ambu pointed out 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

Ambu’s AEIC at para 18; see Boyd’s WhatsApp message to the Plaintiff on 27
November 2017 at 1AB78.

. It should be noted however that during her cross-examination 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

Transcript, 14 April 2021, p 277:5–15.

, counsel for the Plaintiff put it to Ambu (who disagreed) that as an
experienced recruiter, Boyd could not possibly have mistaken the notice
provision in the Employment Contract to be the Plaintiff’s entitlement for
redundancy. To Ambu, redundancy was part of termination 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

Transcript, 14 April 2021, pp 285:11–14, 288:2–17.

. However she did eventually concede that the termination clause in the
Employment Contract did not address the Plaintiff’s rights in redundancy 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

Transcript, 14 April 2021, p 289:2–3.

.

93 The Defendant also submitted 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

DCS at para 108.

that even if one accepts the Plaintiff’s testimony that the alleged Redundancy
Agreement was confirmed in his telephone conversation with Ambu on or about 27
November 2017, such evidence would be inadmissible under s 94(b) of the
Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed) (“the Evidence Act”) which states:

When the terms of any such contract, grant or other disposition of property,
or any matter required by law to be reduced to the form of a document, have
been proved according to section 93, no evidence of any oral agreement or
statement shall be admitted as between the parties to any such instrument or
their representatives in interest for the purpose of contradicting, varying,
adding to, or subtracting from its terms subject to the following provisions:

…

(b) the existence of any separate oral agreement, as to any matter on which a
document is silent and which is not inconsistent with its terms, may be
proved; in considering whether or not this proviso applies, the court shall
have regard to the degree of formality of the document;

…

It was submitted 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

DCS at paras 110–112.

that s 94(b) of the Evidence Act precludes the Plaintiff from asserting any
separate oral Redundancy Agreement which terms are inconsistent with the terms
of the Employment Contract. Taking the Plaintiff’s claim at its highest, the
Defendant argued that the alleged Redundancy Agreement would have been
cancelled and substituted by the terms of the Employment Contract which the
Plaintiff accepted on 12 December 2017.

94 In its closing submissions, the Defendant 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

DCS at para 118.

set out the requirements of the five elements that a plaintiff seeking damages
for fraudulent misrepresentation must prove, as laid down by the Court of
Appeal in Panatron Pte Ltd and another v Lee Cheow Lee and another [2001] 2
SLR(R) 435 at [14], that:

(a) The defendant made a representation of fact by words or conduct;

(b) The defendant made the representation with the intention that it should be
acted upon by the plaintiff or by a class of persons which includes the
plaintiff;

(c) The plaintiff acted upon the false representation;

(d) The plaintiff suffered damage by doing so; and

(e) The defendant made the representation with the knowledge that it is false
or at least in the absence of any genuine belief that it is true.

95 Citing the Court of Appeal decision in Alwie Handoyo v Tjong Very Sumito
and another and another appeal [2013] 4 SLR 308, the Defendant submitted that
cogent evidence is required before a court will be satisfied that the
allegation of fraud is established. The Defendant argued that the facts in
this case do not remotely support the Plaintiff’s allegation of fraud 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

DCS at para 120.

.

96 The Defendant further submitted 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

DCS at para 101.

that the Plaintiff’s claim based on an implied term of trust and confidence is
a red herring – if a legally relevant promise of redundancy benefits had made
to him, that would be enforceable independent of any implied term of trust and
confidence. In any case, a duty to pay redundancy benefits is not an element
of the implied duty of trust and confidence because such a duty is concomitant
with the continuation of the employment contract and has no relevance when an
employment relationship is not to continue. The Defendant added that the
implied term is intended to address conduct and behaviour during the course of
employment (citing Cheah Peng Hock v Luzhou Bio-Chem Technology Ltd [2013] 2
SLR 577 (“Cheah Peng Hock”) at [56]).

The findings

(i) Is the Plaintiff bound by the terms of the LTCA even though he received
the agreement after 12 December 2017?

97 It is telling that the Plaintiff had sent to Ambu on 12 July 2017 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

2AB175.

the message below:

Hi Ambu, assume all is fine now? Do let me know about the LTI docs as well …
will that be done after I join ?

The message contradicted the Plaintiff’s claim that he was unaware of the
existence of the LTCA Agreement before he joined the Defendant.

98 The court finds it incredible that the Plaintiff can claim 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

Transcript, 12 April 2021, p 83:1–22.

, despite signing the Employment Contract which contained the LTCA clause set
out earlier at [28(c)], that he was unaware of the need for him to sign
another agreement. This is particularly so when in the Plaintiff’s own
WhatsApp exchanges with Ambu on 17 and 24 November 2017 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

2AB174–175

, he himself had referred to the LTCA and he had even requested that the
Defendant’s US team “review and uplift the LTI”. Why would the Plaintiff refer
to the LTI unless he already knew of its existence and terms?

99 It bears remembering that the Plaintiff holds a master’s degree and
commercial contract negotiations is one of his specialties (see [3] above).
The Plaintiff’s explanation (at [65]) that his familiarity with contracts and
negotiations expertise extended to numbers is not an acceptable excuse to
overlook his having signed and thereby accepted the terms of, the LTCA
Agreement. Given his qualifications and contract expertise, it does not lie in
the Plaintiff’s mouth to argue 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

PCS at para 192.

that at the time of the signing of the Employment Contract, he was not advised
by legal professionals nor was he sophisticated enough to understand legal
contractual principles.

100 The Plaintiff’s explanation at [64] that he considered the LTCA Agreement
as a tool or mechanism to receive payment for his loss in RSUs is equally
unconvincing and is similarly rejected by this court.

101 Although he was unable to produce a copy nor did he sign such a document,
the Plaintiff insisted 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

Transcript, 12 April 2021, pp 113:14–114:14.

that the Defendant had a separate LTI agreement apart from the LTCA agreement.
It is the court’s finding that there was no LTI agreement other than the LTCA
Agreement and the parties used the abbreviations LTCA and LTI interchangeably
to refer to the Defendant’s long term cash award or incentive.

102 The Plaintiff’s case had also relied heavily on Ambu’s WhatsApp messages
of 4 December 2017 for his contention that she had assured him there were no
other terms and conditions attached to the payment of LTCA to him. The full
text 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

2AB175.

of that message is set out below:

[12/4/17, 3:00:23 PM] [Plaintiff]: Is there a document for the Ltca conditions
?

…

[12/4/17, 3:00:34 PM] Ambu Arun: Ltca?

[12/4/17, 3:00:45 PM] [Plaintiff]: Long term cash award

[12/4/17, 3:01:05 PM] Ambu Arun: No this is it

[12/4/17, 3:01:19 PM] Ambu Arun: U might get a separate letter maybe later on
once ur on board

[12/4/17, 3:01:20 PM] [Plaintiff]: On the contract doc it says there’s a
separate document

[12/4/17, 3:01:24 PM] [Plaintiff]: Ah ok

It is clear therefrom that Ambu’s message could not have given the Plaintiff
the impression there was no document that covered the LTCA. The Plaintiff
himself referred to a separate document that was stated in the Employment
Contract. That was also clear from the two clauses of the LTCA Agreement set
out earlier at [53] and [66]. Unless the Plaintiff signed the LTCA agreement
which he did, the Plaintiff would not have received any LTCA payment from the
Defendant.

(ii) Did Ambu represent to the Plaintiff that he would receive redundancy
benefits? If so, did the representation amount to a collateral contract?

103 The Defendant had cited 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

DCS at para 124.

the case of Broadley Construction Pte Ltd v Alacran Design Pte Ltd [2018] 2
SLR 110 (“Broadley”) to support his case of representations that were made by
Ambu. In Broadley, the Court of Appeal agreed with the trial judge that in
certain situations, silence on the part of the representor can amount to
fraudulent misrepresentation if the representee was thereby induced to take a
certain course of action or inaction (at [28]). However, the appellate court
disagreed with and reversed the trial judge’s decision (see Alacran Design Pte
Ltd v Broadley Construction Pte Ltd [2018] 4 SLR 224) and held that fraudulent
misrepresentation was not established there (at [29]).

104 The Court of Appeal there had referred to the English case of Peekay
Intermark Ltd v Australia and New Zealand Banking Group Ltd [2006] 2 Lloyd’s
Rep 511 (“Peekay”) and stated at [36]:

Peekay stands for the proposition that a plaintiff would not ordinarily be
held to be induced by a misrepresentation if the express contractual terms
which the plaintiff placed importance on, read and signed, and which the
defendant expected that the plaintiff would read and understand, contradict or
correct the defendant’s misrepresentation. … It is still the law that
representees are not obliged to test the accuracy of the representations made
to them and it does not matter if they had the opportunity to discover the
truth as long as they did not actually discover it (Peekay at [40]). But where
the true position appears clearly from the terms of the very contract which
the plaintiff says it was induced to enter into by the misrepresentation
(Peekay at [43]), the position is quite different. After all, it is a
corollary of the basic principle of contract law that a person is bound by the
terms of the contract he signs, notwithstanding that he may be unaware of its
precise legal effect. Such a claimant should be taken to have actually read
the contract and known the falsity of the earlier representation. To hold
otherwise would undercut the basis of the conduct of commercial life – that
businessmen with equal bargaining power would read their contracts and defend
their own interests before entering into contractual obligations, and that
they would rely on their counterparties to do the same.

105 Applying the Court of Appeal’s dicta to this case, it is noteworthy that
(a) there is no evidence of the alleged representation set out in [46] above;
(b) it was Boyd’s not Ambu’s WhatsApp message dated 27 November 2017 at [78]
to the Plaintiff 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

1AB108.

which he alleged were the misrepresentations made to him. Boyd did not have a
WhatsApp chatgroup with the Plaintiff which included Ambu. Hence, Ambu did not
know what message Boyd conveyed to the Plaintiff on 27 November 2017. In any
case, it was clear from Boyd’s and Ambu’s evidence at [70] and [79] that the
former had no authority to propose terms on the Defendant’s behalf to the
Plaintiff.

106 It is the court’s finding that Ambu would not have made the
representations the Plaintiff alleged at [46]. The five elements to found
fraudulent misrepresentation as set out in [94] are absent in this case. The
court has already noted above that there were no WhatsApp messages from Ambu
to the Plaintiff that evidenced such representations. For the Plaintiff to
submit that Ambu/the Defendant would be bound by whatever representations Boyd
made to the Plaintiff is to ignore the evidence of his own witness that Boyd
had no authority to make representations on the Defendant’s behalf and to
ignore the Entire Agreement clause set out earlier at [28(e)]. Broadley does
not assist the Plaintiff’s case.

107 As for the Plaintiff’s claim based on a collateral contract (see [89]
above), it is the court’s view that the claim fails in limine. One of the
requirements of a collateral contract as with any contract is consideration.
The Plaintiff’s submission that the Plaintiff provided consideration by
entering into the Employment Contract is flawed. The consideration for the
Employment Contract was the Plaintiff’s services in exchange for salary and
other benefits from the Defendant. For a collateral contract to come into
existence, the Plaintiff had to provide fresh consideration (see [89] above);
he did not.

108 Earlier at [90], the court had alluded to the Plaintiff’s submission that
144

##### Foot Note 144

×

PCS at para 72.

an implied term of mutual trust and confidence in law applied to his claim for
redundancy benefits, citing Malik v Bank of Credit and Commerce International
SA (in compulsory liquidation) [1998] AC 20 (“Malik’s case”). The Defendant
also referred to Malik’s case albeit indirectly. The Defendant had referred to
Cheah Peng Hock where Quentin Loh J (as he then was), at [56]–[59], cited
Malik’s case and in particular the following extract from Lord Nicholls’
judgment where he said (at 34–35):

... the bank was under an implied obligation to its employees not to conduct a
dishonest or corrupt business. This implied obligation is no more than one
particular aspect of the portmanteau, general obligation not to engage in
conduct likely to undermine the trust and confidence required if the
employment relationship is to continue in the manner the employment contract
implicitly envisages.

109 The Plaintiff’s claim is misconceived as it related to a post-termination
benefit by which time the implied term of mutual trust and confidence no
longer existed. Malik’s case makes it clear that such a duty is part and
parcel of an existing contract of employment. The court accepts the
Defendant’s submission 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

DCS at para 104.

that a duty to pay redundancy benefits (if it existed) is in any case not an
element of the implied duty of trust and confidence – the Plaintiff quite
rightly did not make such an assertion. Such a claim would also be
inconsistent with the Entire Agreement clause spelt out earlier at [28(e)]
above.

110 The Defendant’s submission 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

DCS at paras 106–107.

had referred to the following extract from Boyd’s cross-examination 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

Transcript, 13 April 2021, pp 167:13–168:4.

:

Q. And so if there was no retrenchment clause in the employment agreement,
that means that there was no entitlement to redundancy, correct?

A. Not necessarily, counsel, no.

[Ct]. Can you explain your answer, Mr Boyd?

A. Your Honour, just because there is no redundancy clause in an employment
contract does not mean that there is no redundancy clause for the
organisation. The employment agreement typically would talk about the person’s
employment, not the person’s exit from the organisation bar, maybe,
termination and that would be an agreement between the defendant and Mr
Aravinthan. So retrenchment typically isn’t listed within employment
agreements and therefore we were asking for an exception to see if it was
possible for that to be included.

to submit that since ultimately no redundancy clause was included in the
Employment Contract in any event, the Plaintiff’s claim must fail. The court
agrees.

111 Ambu’s view on the other hand 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

Ambu’s AEIC at para 18; see also Ambu’s cross-examination in Transcript, 14
April 2021, p 285.

was that Boyd could have mistaken the possibility of goodwill payment of one
month’s salary for every year of service (which it was the Defendant’s
practice to pay and which she did disclose to him) with the three months’
notice provision in the Employment Contract.

112 Even if Boyd was not confused as he and the Plaintiff both asserted, the
court accepts the Defendant’s submission 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

DCS at paras 111–112.

that the Entire Agreement clause (read with the Confirmation of Acceptance
clause: see [28(f)] above) and s 94 of the Evidence Act (see [93] above)
precludes the court’s recognition of the Redundancy Agreement. Apart from his
bald assertion, the Plaintiff did not produce an iota of evidence to support
the alleged oral agreement. He had alleged that Ambu represented to him that
he would receive redundancy benefits (see [46] above) but this was denied by
Ambu who said during cross-examination 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

Transcript, 14 April 2021, p 228:14–25.

that it was outside her jurisdiction/authority to make such an offer.
Consequently, the court finds that the Redundancy Agreement did not exist.

113 Assuming arguendo that there was indeed a Redundancy Agreement, the court
turns to the sums the Plaintiff was paid as at 30 September 2019 (see [36]
above). For the early termination of the Employment Contract, the Plaintiff
received severance pay amounting to S$38,294.88 (see [36] above). Based on his
monthly salary of S$22,394.67 (as at September 2019), his severance pay
equated to 1.71 times his last drawn monthly salary (S$38,294.88 ÷
S$22,394.67). The Oxford English Dictionary Online (Oxford University Press,
2021) (“OED Online”) defines “severance pay” as “money paid in compensation to
one whose contractual employment is terminated”.

114 In the court’s view, there is very little difference between redundancy
and severance payment. The OED Online defines “redundant” (of an employee) as
“[a] person who is no longer needed in a particular job or place of employment
… [and] who leaves or loses his or her job for this reason”. “Redundancy” is
“[t]he condition of being surplus to an organization’s staffing requirements;
(hence) the state or fact of losing a job for this reason”. The Defendant had
referred to the severance payment as a “gratuitous” sum (see [57] and [58]
above). The court disagrees. The amount of S$38,294.88 was stated to be
severance pay both in the 9 September letter (see [36] above) and in the
Defendant’s email dated 30 September 2019 at [41] to the Plaintiff and that
was exactly what it was.

115 The Plaintiff worked for 20.5 months for the Defendant and received
severance pay of S$38,294.88 equivalent to 1.71 times his last drawn salary.
He should have received only 1.71 times his salary (20.5 ÷ 12 months = 1.71).
He had therefore received precisely the amount of redundancy benefits that he
was entitled to if indeed there was a Redundancy Agreement. He cannot
therefore complain.

(iii) Did Ambu represent to the Plaintiff he would be compensated US$82,300
for the loss in value of his Cisco RSUs?

116 The Plaintiff’s claim in his SOC (see [50(d)] above) was for US$54,866
being the balance of his unvested LTCA on the basis that Ambu had falsely
represented to him that the agreed LTCA of US$82,300 was an outright
entitlement to compensate him for the loss in value of his unvested Cisco
RSUs. He claimed 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

SOC at para 65.

this was to be inferred from:

(a) An email chain of 10 November 2017 between himself and Ambu 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

1AB85–86.

;

(b) A series of text and telephone exchanges between himself and Ambu on or
about 17 November 2017; and

(c) A series of text, telephone and email exchanges between himself, Ambu and
Boyd from around 7 November to 4 December 2017 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

See 1AB

.

117 If the Plaintiff (as he asserted) understood from Ambu he was entitled to
the RSUs by way of the LTCA without conditions, he would not have requested
the Defendant to make an exception in his case, as seen in the email from
Nikhil Dhawan (“Nikhil”) to Verena 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

2AB54.

dated 29 August 2019 which was also addressed to him. The relevant extract
reads:

Query: Should he need to exit Dell on 30-Sep-2019, how would his unvested LTI
grant be treated? Will the complete grant be paid out or only the vested
LTI’s? Are there any exception process/approvals to ensure a complete grant
payout?

Cross-examined on a later email dated 5 September 2019 in which the Plaintiff
repeated his request for an “exception approval request to pay out the
outstanding LTI” 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

2AB53; Transcript, 12 April 2021, pp 62:14–65:23.

, the Plaintiff claimed he used the word “exception” because Nikhil 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

Transcript, 12 April 2021, p 63:8–16.

told him that was what it was – Nikhil needed to get an exception approval. I
should point out that the Plaintiff went to the extent of saying 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

Transcript, 12 April 2021, p 65:6–12.

that even if he resigned one week after signing the Employment Contract let
alone during the three years thereafter, he was still entitled to his RSUs
payout. That is an absurd contention which the court dismisses outright.

118 In her re-examination, Ambu’s attention was drawn 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

Transcript, 14 April 2021, pp335:7–337:2.

to the WhatsApp messages on 7 November 2017 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

1AB69–70.

between the Plaintiff and Boyd where there was reference to her having to seek
“approvals” on the issue of the Plaintiff being compensated for his Cisco
RSUs. Surely that should/would have been a clear indication to the Plaintiff
that Ambu did not have the final say and she could not bind the Defendant to
whatever terms she offered to him without clearance from her superiors.

119 Ambu had informed Boyd on 28 November 2017 via WhatsApp 160

##### Foot Note 160

×

1AB65, at 1453 hours.

that the Plaintiff’s LTCA would be increased to US$82,300 but that it needed
to be approved by the Defendant’s US team. The need for such approval was
reinforced by the following WhatsApp exchange between Ambu (A) and Boyd (B) on
28 and 29 November 2017 161

##### Foot Note 161

×

1AB66.

:

28/11/2017, 15:05 - [B]: … are we on track to get him his offer today?

28/11/2017, 15:13 - [A]: No it might be difficult the stock needs to be
approved again.

28/11/2017, 15:13 - [A]: Most likely he will get the offer tomorrow.

…

29/11/17, 15:17 - [B]: Hi Ambu, can I understand what the hold up is so I can
let Ted know? …

29/11/17, 15:38 - [A]: The offer has been routed.

29/11/17, 15:38 - [A]: It goes for approval to US.

120 The Plaintiff knew by his inquiry of Ambu via email on 5 December 2017 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

1AB88–89.

that the LTCA was a separate document. As the Defendant submitted 163

##### Foot Note 163

×

DCS at para 144.

, there was no evidence that the alleged representations regarding the LTCA
were made to the Plaintiff. In fact, during cross-examination 164

##### Foot Note 164

×

Transcript, 12 April 2021, pp 66:6–67:19.

, the Plaintiff himself agreed Ambu never told him he was entitled to payment
of the US$82,300 over three years unconditionally. The relevant extracts of
that evidence that the Defendant relied on are set out below:

Q. Okay. I will also suggest to you that Ms Ambu Arun did not at any time say
to you that you would be unconditionally entitled to any RSU payouts. Do you
agree or disagree?

A. The condition was it will be paid out in three tranches, in a payment
scheme.

Q. Aside from that condition. Ms Ambu Arun did not say to you, did not
represent to you at any time, that you would be entitled to these payments
over three years, unconditionally?

A. Not in so -- in those words, no, correct. You’re correct.

Q. She did not -- in particular, she never told you that you would be entitled
to these payments over three years even if your employment was terminated
before the third year was up?

A. No, I don’t think we had that conversation.

Q. Of course you didn’t, and that is why the LTCA award agreement is not
inconsistent with anything that Ms Ambu Arun said to you, correct? Do you want
to go back to the LTCA award agreement? ... Again, I am referring to clause 1,
the words … :

‘Other than termination of Employment due to death or Permanent Disability…’

It says:

‘… your eligibility to receive an Award … is conditioned upon your continued
Employment.’

And that is not inconsistent with anything that Ms Ambu Arun told you,
correct?

A. Correct.

Q. Because Ms Ambu Arun never told you that you would be paid over three years
even if your employment terminated prior to the expiration of the three-year
period?

A. Correct.

121 Nothing could be clearer than the Plaintiff’s above answers – he
understood that the payouts under the LTCA over three years were not
unconditional but were dependant on his continued employment by the Defendant
for three years. This is reinforced by the Payment Schedule Clause in the LTCA
set out earlier at [66].

122 If there were still doubts on this issue, they were resolved by Boyd’s
evidence in cross-examination 165

##### Foot Note 165

×

Transcript, 13 April 2021, pp 172–173.

when he was questioned on the following WhatsApp messages 166

##### Foot Note 166

×

1AB72.

he sent to the Plaintiff on 9 November 2017 after he had met Kurt:

[11/9/17, 14:51:53] Boyd Wentworth Shields: met with Kurt, he has said they
are addressing the shares and the long term incentive seperatly [sic] from
what he said

[11/9/17, 14:53:48] Boyd Wentworth Shields: shares will be recorded by
averaging what you have received over the past 2 years from CISCO. this will
continue for 3 years and be paid over 3 years. also the long term incentive
will be paid yearly based on performance against goals.

The portion of Boyd’s cross-examination 167

##### Foot Note 167

×

Transcript, 13 April 2021, p 173:3–20.

on the above WhatsApp messages reads as follows:

Q. Okay. I am just talking about this text message now, okay? You are
informing the plaintiff here that long term incentive will be paid yearly
based on performance against goals, correct?

A. That was what it was usually used for, correct, yes.

Q. And there can be no performance if someone is not working, correct?

A. That’s correct.

Q. So that means that there was no promise or, rather, the plaintiff would
have known that he would not be paid out over three years in terms of his LTIs
if he was not working for that period?

A. If he was not working for the sum total of three years?

Q. Yes.

A. That’s correct.

123 In regard to the issue of the Cisco RSUs that had not vested in the
Plaintiff after he left the company, the court accepts the Defendant’s
submission 168

##### Foot Note 168

×

DCS at para 150.

that there can be no “loss” to the Plaintiff as those RSUs were not earned
by/vested in him when he left Cisco’s services. The Plaintiff unreasonably
claimed his RSUs in full (including those that had yet to accrue) and at the
same time disavowed the terms and conditions in the LTCA attendant to the
payouts. The law does not allow the Plaintiff to approbate and reprobate at
his own convenience as he tried to do.

124 Ambu’s evidence and her WhatsApp exchanges which were reinforced by Boyd’s
testimony, showed that no representations on the LTCA were made to the
Plaintiff as he alleged in the SOC. Consequently, the Plaintiff’s claim for
the balance LTCA amounting to US$54,866 fails.

(iv) Was the Plaintiff entitled to his sales commission and car allowance for
October and November 2019?

125 In regard to the car allowance, the Plaintiff had accepted 169

##### Foot Note 169

×

Transcript, 12 April 2021, p 142:18–24.

in cross-examination that he was not entitled to the car allowance he had
claimed. In this regard, the Defendant’s car allowance policy 170

##### Foot Note 170

×

3AB5.

states the following definition in item 3:

For purposes of this policy, unless otherwise stated, the following
definitions shall apply:

Term| Definition  
---|---  
Client Facing| Required to travel to and between customer sites as an inherent
part of the role, >50% of time spent, visiting multiple customer sites, field
based and not a single customer site based role.  
  
As the Plaintiff did not travel to visit any customers after 30 September
2019, he was not entitled to any car allowance after that date. As the
Defendant submitted 171

##### Foot Note 171

×

DCS at paras 72–73.

, the car allowance (as well as sales commission) and the salary are
separate/different components in the Plaintiff’s remuneration and it was so
reflected in his payslips 172

##### Foot Note 172

×

1AB150–170.

.

126 Additionally, the definition of “gross salary” (ie, “gross rate of pay”)
under s 2(e) of the Employment Act excludes “travelling, food or housing
allowances”.

127 Similarly, the Plaintiff was not entitled to any sales commission after 30
September 2019. The court is puzzled by the Plaintiff’s explanation – he
claimed his employment was forcibly terminated on 30 September 2019 even
though he wanted to continue working throughout his notice period. Therefore
he insisted, he was entitled to claim for sales commission and pro-rated leave
until 30 November 2019 even though he was paid his salary for doing no work
for two months (October–November 2019). It should be noted that under the
Employment Termination clause set out earlier at [28(d)], it is the Defendant
that has the sole discretion to decide whether the Plaintiff can serve out his
notice period of three months or be paid his salary in lieu thereof.

128 Indeed, as the Defendant pointed out 173

##### Foot Note 173

×

DCS at para 66.

, the Defendant’s contractual right of termination is also to be found in s 11
of the Employment Act which states:

Termination of contract without notice

11.—(1) Either party to a contract of service may terminate the contract of
service without notice or, if notice has already been given in accordance with
section 10, without waiting for the expiry of that notice, by paying to the
other party a sum equal to the amount of salary at the gross rate of pay which
would have accrued to the employee during the period of the notice and in the
case of a monthly-rated employee where the period of the notice is less than a
month, the amount payable for any one day shall be the gross rate of pay for
one day’s work.

129 In paying the Plaintiff three months’ salary in lieu of notice, the
Defendant fully complied with the Employment Termination clause as well as s
11 of the Employment Act. Consequently, the Plaintiff’s SOC (see [50(b)]
above) alleging he was entitled to damages for breach of s 11 of the
Employment Act is without merit.

130 The court therefore rejects as illogical the basis for the Plaintiff’s
claim set out at [127]. Common sense dictates that if the Plaintiff did not
work and did not make sales, he is not entitled to any sales commission.

(v) Was the Plaintiff entitled to 7.5 days of unutilised leave?

131 In the light of the court’s findings on his car allowance claim at [125]
and his sales commission claim at [130], it follows that the Plaintiff’s claim
for 7.5 days for unutilised leave is also unmeritorious and is also dismissed.

132 Unlike Boyd, the court did not find the Plaintiff to be a convincing
witness. Notwithstanding the Plaintiff’s criticisms, the court found Ambu to
be truthful. Granted she could not recall many events in detail but her
failing in that regard, due to having left the Defendant’s services more than
three years did not make her any less a credible witness.

Conclusion

133 As the Plaintiff failed to discharge the burden of proof for all the
reliefs set out in the SOC, his claim is dismissed with costs to the Defendant
to be taxed on a standard basis unless otherwise agreed.

Lai Siu Chiu

Senior Judge

Ramesh Bharani s/o K Nagaratnam, Wong Teck Ming and Ong Ying Ting Eunice (RBN
Chambers LLC) for the Plaintiff;  
Nair Suresh Sukumaran, Tan Tse Hsien Bryan and Sylvia Lem Jia Li (PK Wong &
Nair LLC) for the Defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 20 Dec 2021 (09:21 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

