Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC 217

Suit No 427 of 2019

Between

| Song Jianbo  
---|---  
|  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Sunmax Global Capital Fund 1 Pte Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| Li Hua  
  
… Defendants

grounds of decision

[Contract] — [Breach]

[Tort] — [Misrepresentation]

[Tort] — [Misrepresentation] — [Measure of damages]

[Tort] — [Conspiracy]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Song Jianbo

  
v

  

Sunmax Global Capital Fund 1 Pte Ltd and another

  

[2021] SGHC 217

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 427 of 2019  
Chua Lee Ming J  
24–26 February, 2–3 March, 4 March, 26 April, 12 May 2021

23 September 2021

Chua Lee Ming J:

Introduction

1 In 2010, the plaintiff, Mr Song Jianbo (“Song”), invested $1.5m in the first
defendant, Sunmax Global Capital Fund 1 Pte Ltd (“Sunmax”). Song’s investment
in Sunmax was for a fixed period of five years. In 2016, Sunmax informed Song
that he would receive a cash distribution of $224,510 and an in-specie
distribution of 1,500 shares in a liquidating special purpose vehicle
(“LSPV”). Certain illiquid non-cash assets in the investment portfolio held by
Sunmax were to be transferred to the LSPV.

2 Song claimed that the second defendant, Mr Li Hua (“Li”) had represented
that Sunmax was a principal-guaranteed fund and that the terms governing his
investment also provided that his investment was principal-guaranteed. Li was
the sole shareholder and a director of Sunmax. Song brought the present action
against Sunmax and Li for misrepresentation and conspiracy to injure, and
against Sunmax for breach of contract.

3 Li counterclaimed against Song for breach of an oral agreement in failing to
compensate Li for certain other services performed by Li.

4 I entered judgment for the plaintiff against both defendants in the sum of
$1,237,500 with interest. I also dismissed Li’s counterclaim. Sunmax and Li
have appealed against my decision.

Background facts

The Global Investor Programme

5 The Global Investor programme (“GIP”) accords Singapore Permanent Resident
(“PR”) status to eligible global investors who intend to drive their
businesses and investment growth from Singapore. It is administered by Contact
Singapore, a division of the Singapore Economic Development Board (“EDB”).
Contact Singapore advises entrepreneurs and business owners who are interested
in relocating to and investing in Singapore.

6 An applicant for PR status through the GIP has to satisfy certain qualifying
criteria and submit an investment plan to Contact Singapore. One of the
options available under the investment plan is to invest in funds approved
under the GIP (“GIP-approved funds”).

Sunmax

7 On 20 January 2009, SPRING Singapore informed Li that an eight-year Section
13H Tax Incentive had been approved for Sunmax, which was to be designated as
an approved venture company for venture capital investment activities, subject
to certain conditions. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

1 Agreed Bundle (“AB”) 1–6.

One of the conditions was that Sunmax had to qualify as a GIP-approved fund. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

1 AB 3 (sub-para (i)).

8 SPRING Singapore was a statutory board under the Ministry of Trade and
Industry of Singapore. The 8-year Section 13H Tax Incentive was an incentive
under the Income Tax Act (Cap 134, 2008 Rev Ed) that provided tax exemption
for income from approved funds.

9 At that time, Sunmax had not been incorporated yet. Li’s plan was for
investments in Sunmax (pursuant to the GIP) to be made by way of subscriptions
for preference shares in Sunmax. The preference shares would be redeemable at
the end of five years. Li prepared a private placement memorandum dated 1
February 2009 (the “2009 PPM”) for the offering of preference shares in
Sunmax. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

1 AB 30–52.

10 The 2009 PPM stated the following: 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

1 AB 30 and 33.

(a) The 2009 PPM had been prepared in connection with the offer of preference
shares of Sunmax.

(b) Sunmax was a GIP-approved Fund.

(c) One of Sunmax’s “primary objectives” was to “guarantee [investors’]
investment principal (exclusive of management fee) …”.

(d) Sunmax was a “principal-guaranteed fund (exclusive of management fee)”.
Investors who invested $1.5m in the fund would get “at least of [sic]
$1,237,500 back just after 5 years”.

(e) The target fund size was $500m, and the minimum fund size was $300m.

(f) The charter life of the fund was five years from the subscription date.

(g) Sunmax would charge a management fee of 3.5% per annum.

The sum of $1,237,500 referred to in (d) above was the balance of $1.5m after
deducting management fees of 3.5% per annum for five years. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

$1.5m – (0.035 x $1.5m x 5).

11 On 27 February 2009, Contact Singapore informed Li that Sunmax would be
eligible to participate as a “GIP-approved Fund” under the GIP, subject to
Sunmax obtaining Section 13H Tax Incentive approval and the necessary approval
and licence from the Monetary Authority of Singapore. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

1 AB 76–79.

12 Sunmax was subsequently incorporated on 7 April 2009. Its business was that
of an approved fund under the GIP. On 16 April 2009, Sunmax accepted the offer
from Contact Singapore to participate as a GIP-approved fund. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

1 AB 80.

13 At all material times, Li was the sole shareholder of ordinary shares in
Sunmax. Li was also a director of Sunmax from incorporation until his
resignation on 1 December 2016. Li was re-appointed as a director on 28
November 2018.

14 As an investment fund, Sunmax was managed by a fund management company,
Sunmax Global Capital Pte Ltd (“Sunmax Global”). Sunmax Global was
incorporated in 2007 and in addition to its role as a fund manager, it was
also described as an “Investment Immigration Expert of Singapore”. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

2 AB 32.

15 Subsequently, Li prepared another private placement memorandum dated 1
January 2010 for the offering of preference shares of Sunmax (the “2010 PPM”).
9

##### Foot Note 9

×

1 AB 93–113.

The 2010 PPM was largely similar to the 2009 PPM except that under the 2010
PPM,

(a) Sunmax was no longer described as a principal-protected fund; and

(b) the target fund size was reduced to $150m and the minimum fund size to
$20m.

Song’s investment in Sunmax

16 In 2009, Song was looking to migrate to Singapore, with his family. He came
to know of the GIP. On 31 March 2010, Song submitted his application for PR
status through the GIP. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

6 AB 2578–2610.

Li and/or Sunmax Global helped Song with his application.

17 At the material time, the investment guidelines under the GIP provided
three investment options. Song chose the option under which he would invest at
least $1.5m in a GIP-approved fund; Song indicated that the fund would be
Sunmax. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

6 AB 2584 and 2597.

Song was required to make his investment within six months of receiving in-
principle approval of his application.

18 Song received in-principle approval of his application and on 31 January
2011, he deposited $1.5m into Sunmax’s account. Song also submitted an undated
subscription form for preference shares in Sunmax. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

1 AB 231.

On 9 February 2011, Sunmax issued a preference share certificate in Song’s
name for 150 preference shares of $10,000 each in Sunmax. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

1 AB 234.

The certificate was deposited with and held by EDB as required under the terms
of the GIP.

19 Sunmax managed to raise investments amounting to $65.7m and issued a total
of 6,570 preference shares to its investors, including Song.

20 On 27 June 2011, Song was granted PR status pursuant to the GIP.
Subsequently, he became a Singapore citizen in 2014.

21 On 1 April 2016, Sunmax informed its investors that its investment
portfolio had been fully liquidated save for some illiquid assets that would
be transferred to a special purpose vehicle. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

1 AB 487–488.

Shares in the special purpose vehicle would be distributed in-specie to
investors.

22 On 21 July 2016, Sunmax provided its investors with an update. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

1 AB 524–553.

In respect of his investment of $1.5m (comprising 150 preference shares in
Sunmax), Song was entitled to a cash distribution of $224,510 and an in-specie
distribution of 1,500 shares (out of 28,200 shares) in a LSPV that would hold
the non-cash assets that had not been liquidated. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

1 AB 550.

The non-cash assets were valued at a total of $3,681,339 as at 31 March 2016,
excluding certain shares that were the subject of litigation. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

1 AB 525.

Based on the value of $3,681,339, Song’s 1,500 shares in the LSPV would have
had a value of $195,815.90. It was clear that Song was not going to receive
$1,237,500 whether in cash and/or in-specie.

The parties’ respective cases

Song’s claims

23 Song claimed that during a meeting in or around early 2010, Li handed him
the 2009 PPM. Song’s case against both the defendants for misrepresentation
was based on the following representations made by Li orally and through the
2009 PPM (the “Representations”): 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) (“Statement of Claim”), at para 19; NE, 24
February 2021, at 20:4–16.

(a) Sunmax was a principal-guaranteed fund and at the end of the five-year
investment period, the full sum invested (after deducting management fees)
would be returned to the investors.

(b) As an investor, Song would be kept informed of the investments made by
Sunmax and would be provided with reports and accounts.

(c) The minimum size of the fund was $300m.

24 Song’s case against Sunmax for breach of contract was based on Sunmax’s
failure and/or refusal to redeem his preference shares pursuant to the terms
of the 2009 PPM. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Statement of Claim, at paras 11 – 14.

25 In addition, Song claimed that the defendants conspired to injure him by
making the false Representations. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Statement of Claim, at para 21A.

26 The defendants claimed that Li handed Song the 2010 PPM and that Song’s
subscription for preference shares was governed by the terms of the 2010 PPM.
They therefore denied the Representations.

27 For the same reason, Sunmax denied liability for the alleged breach of the
2009 PPM. Sunmax also submitted that Song’s claim for breach of contract was
precluded by Article 11 (d) of Sunmax’s Articles of Association (“AOA”).
According to Sunmax, Article 11(d) of the AOA gave the directors of Sunmax the
discretion to determine the price to be paid when the preference shares were
redeemed at the end of five years.

28 The defendants further submitted that Song’s claims were precluded by the
principle in Houldsworth v City of Glasgow Bank and Liquidators (1880) 5 App
Cas 317 (“Houldsworth”), which (according to the defendants) prevents a member
of a company from recovering damages against the company.

29 Finally, the defendants denied any conspiracy to injure Song.

Li’s counterclaim

30 As for Li’s counterclaim, Li’s case was that in or around late 2009, he
reached an oral agreement with Song (the “2009 Oral Agreement”) pursuant to
which: 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Defence of the 1st and 2nd Defendants and Counterclaim of the 2nd Defendant
(Amendment No 3) (“Defence & Counterclaim”), at para 6.

(a) Li agreed to assist Song in:

(i) setting up three companies, namely Nanshan Group Co Singapore Pte Ltd
(“NSG”), Nanshan Aluminium Singapore Co Pte Ltd (“NSA”) and Union Capital Pte
Ltd (“UC”);

(ii) the remittance and transfer of funds between the companies; and

(iii) making arrangements for UC to be approved as a wholly foreign-owned
enterprise (“WFOE”) in China.

(b) Song agreed to:

(i) allot or transfer to Li a 15% shareholding in UC upon the “public listing
of its assets on a stock exchange”; and

(ii) invest $1.5m in Sunmax.

31 As UC’s subsidiary had been listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, Li
claimed 15% of the shareholding in UC. Li also claimed a sum of $18,082.86 as
reimbursement of expenses that he had incurred in carrying out the 2009 Oral
Agreement.

32 Song denied the 2009 Oral Agreement and said that: 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Reply and Defence to Counterclaim of the 2nd Defendant (Amendment No 3)
(“Reply & Defence”), at para 3.

(a) Li was willing to assist him to incorporate NSG, NSA and UC in order to
build a good relationship with him and earn his trust so as to persuade him to
invest in the fund set up and/or controlled by Li;

(b) Li’s counterclaim was time-barred under the Limitation Act (Cap 163, 1996
Rev Ed); and

(c) he had reimbursed Li for the expenses incurred in incorporating the three
companies.

33 Song produced evidence that Li had been reimbursed for the expenses
incurred in incorporating the three companies. In the course of the trial, Li
abandoned his counterclaim for reimbursement of these expenses. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

NE, 25 February 2021, at 59:15-18.

The issues

34 The issues before me were as follows:

(a) Whether the defendants were liable to Song for misrepresentation?

(b) Whether Sunmax was liable to Song for breach of contract? In turn, this
issue depended on the following sub-issues:

(i) Whether Song’s subscription for preference shares in Sunmax was based on
the terms of the 2009 PPM?

(ii) Whether Song’s claim for breach of contract was precluded by Article
11(d) of the AOA?

(c) Whether the defendants were liable for conspiracy to injure?

(d) Whether Song’s claims were precluded by the principle in Houldsworth?

(e) Whether Song and Li entered into the 2009 Oral Agreement, and if so,
whether Li counterclaim was time-barred?

Whether the defendants were liable for misrepresentation

35 Song’s claim for misrepresentation raised the following issues:

(a) Whether Li made the Representations?

(b) Whether the Representations were actionable?

(c) What damages did Song suffer?

Whether Li made the Representations

36 Song’s case rested on his claim that sometime in early 2010, Li handed him
the 2009 PPM. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Song’s AEIC, at paras 12–14.

Li denied Song’s claim and said that he handed Song the 2010 PPM. I found that
it was more probable that Li did hand the 2009 PPM to Song.

37 First, Song was able to produce the original copy of the 2009 PPM that he
claimed to have received from Li, in court. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Exhibit P1.

Li had no credible explanation as to how Song could have obtained the 2009 PPM
if it was not from him.

38 In his affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”), Li suggested that Song may
have obtained a hard copy of the 2009 PPM from the Xing Group. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Li’s AEIC, at para 39.

Sunmax Global had entered into an agreement dated 2 March 2009 with Worldway
(Beijing) Immigration Services Co Ltd (“WBIS”). 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

1 AB 81–85.

WBIS was an immigration broker and a member of the Xing Group. Li testified
that he handed a copy of the 2009 PPM to one Dr Xing of the Xing Group. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Li’a AEIC, at paras 24–25.

However, it was not the defendants’ pleaded case that Song had obtained the
2009 PPM from Dr Xing or the Xing Group. In any event, apart from Li’s bare
allegation, there was no evidence that Song had obtained the 2009 PPM from the
Xing Group. It was also not put to Song during cross-examination that he knew
Dr Xing or that he had obtained the 2009 PPM from Dr Xing. Under cross-
examination, Li admitted that it was just conjecture on his part. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

NE, 2 March 2021, at 24:20–28.

39 At the trial, Li abandoned his suggestion that Song obtained the 2009 PPM
from the Xing Group. Instead, he instructed his counsel to suggest to Song,
during cross-examination, that Song took the 2009 PPM from Song’s father in
order to make his claim; Song disagreed with the suggestion. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

NE, 25 February 2021, at 12:18–27

Again, it was not the defendants’ pleaded case that Song had obtained the 2009
PPM from his father. Li also did not make this allegation in his AEIC or
supplementary AEIC (“SAEIC”). In any event, Li’s suggestion that Song had
obtained the 2009 PPM from his father was just another bare allegation. There
was no evidence that Song even knew that Li had handed a copy of the 2009 PPM
to Song’s father. Li himself said that Song was not present when he met with
Song’s father. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Li’s AEIC, at para 22; NE, 2 March 2021, at 16:16–26.

In my view, Li’s allegation that Song had obtained the 2009 PPM from his
father, was an afterthought.

40 Second, Li asserted in his AEIC that there was no reason for Sunmax to use
the 2009 PPM when it had been superseded by the 2010 PPM and it was “onerous”
and “inconsistent with the risk profile of the GIP fund”. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Li’s AEIC, at paras 43–46.

I rejected Li’s assertion. Li’s testimony under cross-examination showed that
this assertion was untrue. Li was asked whether the “risk profile of the GIP
fund” mentioned in his AEIC already existed when he drafted the 2009 PPM. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

NE, 26 February 2021, at 114:2–115:6.

After giving some evasive answers, Li eventually admitted that he thought the
GIP fund had high risk when he was drafting the 2009 PPM. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

NE, 26 February 2021, at 115:7–30.

41 Li subsequently changed his evidence and said that he concluded that the
risk was high because the letter from Contact Singapore (see [11] above)
required 50% of the funds managed by Sunmax to be invested in Singapore-based
companies in the following sectors – biomedical science, clean energy,
environment and water, healthcare, info-communications and media,
nanotechnology and urban solutions. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

NE, 26 February 2021, at 120:26–121:13; 1 AB 77 (sub-para (vii)).

Li claimed that when he drafted the 2009 PPM, he was prepared to guarantee the
principal and that he changed his mind after he received the letter from
Contact Singapore because he knew from the letter that the fund was risky. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

NE, 3 March 2021, at 51:3–16.

I rejected Li’s explanation. It was inconsistent with his earlier admission.
In any event, the letter from Contact Singapore was dated 27 February 2009.
The fact remained that having been made aware of the condition imposed by
Contact Singapore, Li did not change the 2009 PPM (dated 1 February 2009)
until almost a year later when he came up with the 2010 PPM. Instead, Li even
showed the 2009 PPM to Dr Xing and “a few selected potential investors”. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Li’s AEIC, at paras 25–26.

Even more telling was the fact that the 2009 PPM itself contained the very
condition in the letter from Contact Singapore that Li claimed to have caused
him to change his mind. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

1 AB 36.

Li’s explanation was clearly untrue.

42 I also rejected Li’s claim that the 2009 PPM was shown to Dr Xing as a
“draft only” and to potential investors as a “non-binding marketing document”.
Nothing in the 2009 PPM indicated that it was not binding or that it was a
draft. Instead, Li even went so far as to state in the 2009 PPM that the
fund’s lawyers were Central Chambers Law Corporation (“CCLC”). On the stand,
Li admitted that this was not true; Sunmax had not engaged CCLC as its
lawyers. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

NE, 26 February 2021, at 122:3–20.

In my view, Li named CCLC as the fund’s lawyers in the 2009 PPM in order to
give the document credence. This showed that he intended to use the 2009 PPM
to market his fund.

43 Further, Li claimed that Sunmax had been using the 2010 PPM between March
2010 and April 2012 and that all 39 investors in Sunmax were given the 2010
PPM. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Li’s AEIC, at paras 41–43.

Again, this was not true. Another investor, one Sun Ke testified that Li gave
him a private placement memorandum dated 1 March 2010 (the “March 2010 PPM”),
which stated that the investor “can get back his investment principal (after
deducting management fees) and his investment return after 5 years”. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Sun Ke’s AEIC, at para 5 and p 35.

The March 2010 PPM was clearly different from the 2010 PPM. Sun Ke’s evidence
was not disputed by the defendants; he was not cross-examined.

44 Third, Li’s assertion that it did not make sense for Sunmax to offer
principal-protection because of the risks involved, was contradicted by his
own evidence. Li admitted that he had personally guaranteed an investment in
Sunmax by one Shi Ling. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

NE, 3 March 2021, at 65:3–5.

If the alleged risks did not deter Li from providing a personal guarantee,
there was no reason why the same risks would have deterred Sunmax from
offering principal-protection to its investors.

45 Further, in seeking to be indemnified by Sunmax against Shi Ling’s claim,
Li had asserted on two separate occasions that Sunmax had represented, by its
agents and/or employees, to investors that their investments in Sunmax were
partly or wholly capital-guaranteed. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

8 AB 3886 (at para 3a) and 3899 (at para 2).

Li’s assertions clearly contradicted his claim that Sunmax did not offer
principal-protection.

46 Li tried to explain that he provided the guarantee to Shi Ling because Shi
Ling had been introduced by a good friend. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

NE, 3 March 2021, at 68:31-69:3.

I found it unbelievable that if (as Li claimed) it did not make sense for
Sunmax to offer principal-protection, Li would have been prepared to guarantee
Shi Ling’s investment just because Shi Ling was introduced by a good friend.
Li’s explanation also did not square with his assertions in [45] above.

47 Apart from Shi Ling, Sunmax had also offered principal-protection to Sun Ke
(see [43] above). Sunmax did not give Sun Ke the 2010 PPM; instead, it gave
him the March 2010 PPM which offered principal-protection. Sun Ke invested in
Sunmax in March 2011 on the basis of the March 2010 PPM. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Sun Ke’s AEIC, at para 6.

Apparently, for reasons that were not in the evidence, Sun Ke redeemed his
preference shares for the cash portion offered by Sunmax and did not sue
Sunmax or Li for the full amount of his investment (less management fees). 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Li’s SAEC, at para 40.

Be that as it may, the fact remained that Sunmax was prepared to offer Sun Ke
a principal-protected investment even after it had started using the 2010 PPM.

48 In my view, the evidence clearly showed that the alleged risks did not
deter Sunmax from offering, and that Sunmax did offer, principal-protection to
at least some of its investors. The evidence also clearly showed that Sunmax
did not contract with all its investors on the basis of the 2010 PPM; it had
also contracted on the basis of the March 2010 PPM which offered principal-
protection.

49 The evidence also showed that there was reason for Li to offer principal-
protection to Song. By the end of 2009, there were only five investors in
Sunmax; the total amount invested was $7.5m. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

NE, 3 March 2021, at 43:25–29.

This was far below the minimum fund size stated in the 2009 PPM (ie, $300m),
or for that matter, the 2010 PPM (ie, $20m). Li admitted that he needed Song’s
investment although he claimed that it was not critical. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

NE, 3 March 2021, at 45:7–11, 46:12–15.

In my view, it was likely that Li gave Song the 2009 PPM, which guaranteed the
principal less management fees, because he needed Song to invest in Sunmax.

50 The defendants submitted that by the time Song made his investment in end
January 2011, the fund had 27 investors and a fund size of about $40.5m. The
defendants argued that there was therefore no reason to offer Song a
principal-guaranteed investment. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Defendants’ Skeletal Closing Submissions, at para 88.

I rejected the defendants’ argument. The relevant point in time was when Li
handed Song the private placement memorandum. As discussed above, at that
time, there was reason for Li to offer principal-protection to Song.

51 Li also claimed that providing principal-protection would have meant
exposing Sunmax to risks while keeping Song’s investment risk-free when where
was nothing extra that Sunmax would gain by doing so. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Li’s AEIC, at para 78.

I disagreed. Sunmax would have the investors’ moneys to manage and that in
addition to earning a management fee, Sunmax would also earn 20% of the
profits made (if any) from investing the investors’ moneys. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

1 AB 33.

The fact that the investments made by Sunmax turned out to be loss-making was
beside the point.

52 Fourth, in his oral testimony, Li tried to downplay the purpose of the 2009
PPM. Li was evasive when asked about the purpose of the 2009 PPM but finally
claimed that he had prepared it for himself whilst waiting for approval from
EDB. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

NE, 26 February 2021, at 112:12–113:15.

I did not believe Li. His assertion that he prepared the 2009 PPM for himself
was inconsistent with his evidence in his AEIC that the 2009 PPM was “pre-
marketing material”. Clearly, Li had prepared the 2009 PPM for the purposes of
marketing Sunmax. As stated earlier, he showed it to Dr Xing and to a few
selected potential investors. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Li’s AEIC, at paras 25–26.

53 Li was asked about the terms on which WBIS would market Sunmax. He gave
non-responsive answers before finally asserting that he did not give WBIS any
terms for investments into Sunmax. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

NE, 26 February 2021, at 130:7–132:12.

I did not believe Li’s assertion. It was too incredulous. WBIS was supposed to
market Sunmax to potential Chinese investors. Clearly, he gave Dr Xing the
2009 PPM because he intended WBIS to market Sunmax on the terms of the 2009
PPM.

54 Contact Singapore required Sunmax to submit, among other things, a copy of
its private placement memorandum (“PPM”) upon its acceptance of the offer from
Contact Singapore to participate as a GIP-approved fund. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

1 AB 76 (at para 3(i)).

Sunmax accepted the offer from Contact Singapore on 16 April 2009. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

1 AB 80.

Li claimed that he did not submit any PPM to Contact Singapore and that
Contact Singapore did not ask for the PPM. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

NE, 26 February 2021, at 123:25–124:30.

I did not believe Li. The requirement to submit the PPM was the very first
condition that Contact Singapore required Sunmax to comply with. In my view,
the only inference to be drawn was that Li claimed not to have submitted any
PPM to Contact Singapore because the only PPM he could have submitted in April
2009 would have been the 2009 PPM.

55 Fifth, Li claimed that Song had subscribed for preference shares in Sunmax
using a subscription form that was attached to the 2010 PPM, and that this
showed that he had given Song the 2010 PPM. According to Li, the subscription
form attached to the 2009 PPM stated that the fund was “principal-guaranteed
(exclusive of management fee)” whereas the subscription form attached to the
2010 PPM did not contain any such statement. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Li’s SAEIC, at paras 29–30, 35–36 and pp 148–150, 201–206.

The subscription form used by Song did not contain any such statement. I
rejected Li’s argument that the subscription used by Song showed that Li had
given Song the 2010 PPM:

(a) It was not clear from the evidence that the private placement memorandum
always had the subscription form attached. The 2009 PPM produced by Song did
not have the subscription form attached. Neither did the private placement
memorandum exhibited by Sun Ke in his AEIC. Even the copies of the 2009 PPM
and 2010 PPM that Li exhibited in his AEIC did not have a subscription form
attached. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Li’s AEIC, at paras 25, 38 and pp 145–167, 175–195.

In his oral testimony, Li claimed that he only found the PPMs with the
subscription form attached subsequently, after he saw Song’s and Song’s wife’s
AEICs. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Li’s SAEIC, at para 31; NE, 2 March 2021, at 40:22–41:10.

I did not find Li’s explanation persuasive. If the subscription form was a
part of the PPMs, there was no reason why the PPMs produced by Li in his AEIC
would not have had the subscription form attached.

(b) More importantly, the subscription form signed by Song was in fact sent to
Song’s wife by Sunmax. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents, at pp 15 and 18–21; NE, 24 February 2021, at
64:1–23.

Li was unable to explain why Sunmax had to send the subscription form to
Song’s wife if it was already annexed to the 2010 PPM that Li allegedly gave
to Song. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

NE, 3 March 2021, at 61:20–31.

(c) The subscription form signed by Song did not state that the investment
would be principal-guaranteed. However, there was nothing in the form that
could be said to be inconsistent with the 2009 PPM or the fact that the
investment was principal-guaranteed. The form referred the investor to the
“Private Placement Memorandum” (which was not identified by date) for details.
63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Li’s SAEIC, at p 206 (para 3).

56 Sixth, the 2010 PPM had a section that was intended to show who it was
issued to and another section for the “Record number” of the PPM. Li explained
that this was for the purpose of record and that generally funds would require
this. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

NE, 3 March 2021, at 66:1-17.

However, he admitted that there was no record of a copy of the 2010 PPM having
been given to the plaintiff. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Ne, 3 March 2021, at 66:18-20.

57 Finally, in my view, Li was not a credible witness. As can be seen from the
discussions above, he asserted as fact what was nothing more than conjecture,
changed his evidence, gave incredulous answers and was evasive and non-
responsive. In the 2009 PPM and 2010 PPM, he also falsely represented to
potential investors that the fund was represented by CCLC as counsel. During
his oral testimony, Li even insisted that sometime between May and July 2010,
he met Song at the lobby area between UOB Plaza 1 and UOB Plaza 2, after which
they went to Song’s office at Singapore Land Tower where they discussed Song’s
intended investment in Sunmax. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

NE, 2 March 2021, at 2:16–3:18.

Li claimed that he handed Song the 2010 PPM at this meeting. However, the
lease for Song’s office at Singapore Land Tower began only on 15 March 2012.
67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Song’s SAEIC, at para 9(2) and p 37.

Li was not able to produce any other evidence to show that Song had an office
at Singapore Land tower in mid-2010.

58 In my judgment, Song had proved on a balance of probabilities that Li
handed him the 2009 PPM, and not the 2010 PPM.

59 It was not disputed that Li did meet Song to discuss Song’s investment in
Sunmax. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Li’s AEIC, at para 33; Song’s AEIC, at para 12.

The dispute was over whether Li gave Song the 2009 PPM or the 2010 PPM. I
found that Li handed Song the 2009 PPM. I therefore also found that Li made
the Representations to Song. The Representations were consistent with what was
stated in the 2009 PPM.

Whether the Representations were actionable

60 It is well established that a representation as to the future is not, in
itself, an actionable misrepresentation unless (a) it is an implied
representation as to an existing fact, or (b) it implicitly represents the
existence of an intention at the time of making the statement: Ernest
Ferdinand Perez De La Sala v Compania De Navegacion Palomar, SA and others and
other appeals [2018] 1 SLR 894 at [172].

61 In the present case, Song alleged that Li made the following
representations (see [23] above):

(a) Sunmax was a principal-guaranteed fund;

(b) Song would be kept informed and provided with accounts and reports; and

(c) the minimum size of the fund was $300m.

62 The representation to keep Song informed and to provide him with accounts
and reports was not actionable because it was a representation as to the
future. It was not Song’s pleaded case that it was an implied representation
as to an existing fact or that the defendants implicitly represented an
intention to keep Song informed and to provide him with accounts and reports
at that time.

63 As for the representations that Sunmax was a principal-guaranteed fund and
that the minimum size of the fund was $300m, I was under the impression during
the trial that the fund was not in existence yet at the time that the
representations were made. During closing submissions, Song’s counsel
confirmed that the fund was not set up at the time that the representations
were made. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

NE, 4 March 2021, at 4:4–11.

The defendants’ counsel did not correct him. Consequently, when I gave my
decision on 26 April 2021, I dismissed the claim for misrepresentation on the
ground that the representations that Song relied upon were representations as
to the future. I realised subsequently that this may not have been correct and
asked parties to clarify.

64 On 12 May 2021, I heard the parties on costs. I also sought clarification
as to when the fund started. The defendants confirmed that the fund was
formally started on 28 May 2009. This meant that the representations (that
Sunmax was principal-guaranteed and that its minimum fund size was $300m) were
representations as to existing facts. These representations were thus
actionable if they were false and relied upon by Song.

65 It was clear that the two representations were false, and that Li knew that
they were false. The misrepresentations were thus fraudulent. It was also
clear that Song relied on the misrepresentations when he decided to invest in
Sunmax. I rejected Li’s assertion that Song agreed to invest $1.5m without
looking at the terms because $1.5m was “too small”. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

NE, 3 March 2021, at 58:8-12.

In my view, this was unlikely to have been the case. In the circumstances,
Song was in fact entitled to judgment on his claim for misrepresentation.

66 The judgment had not been extracted on 12 May 2021 and the parties agreed
that I had the power to change my previous decision. Accordingly, I revoked my
earlier decision dismissing the claim for misrepresentation and found instead
that that the defendants were liable for fraudulent misrepresentation.

Damages

67 On the evidence adduced at the trial, Song did not prove what loss he
suffered as a result of the misrepresentation as to the fund’s minimum size.
As for the representation that the fund was principal-guaranteed, Song
submitted that his claim was for his full investment of $1.5m. I disagreed. It
was clear from the 2009 PPM that the amount guaranteed excluded the management
fees. Song’s loss was therefore $1,257,500, being the principal amount of
$1.5m less the management fee of 3.5% per annum as provided in the 2009 PPM.
Accordingly, I awarded Song damages in the sum of $1,257,500.

Whether Sunmax was liable for breach of contract

68 Sunmax submitted that Song had not sufficiently pleaded a claim for breach
of contract. I disagreed. Song had pleaded that: 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Statement of Claim, at paras 7(2), 8 and 11.

(a) the 2009 PPM stated that Sunmax was a “principal-guaranteed fund”;

(b) he invested in Sunmax in reliance on the 2009 PPM; and

(c) under the terms of the 2009 PPM, Sunmax was obliged to, but failed to,
redeem his preference shares and return the sum of $1.5m after deducting
management fees.

69 In my view, Song had sufficiently pleaded his claim for breach of contract.
In any event, it was also clear that Sunmax was well aware that Song was
making a claim based on a contract the terms of which were found in the 2009
PPM. In its defence, Sunmax “specifically denied that [Song] and [Sunmax] had
any agreement on the terms of the 2009 PPM” and pleaded that the “parties’
relationship was governed … by the terms of the 2010 PPM”. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Defence, at para 24.

Clearly, even if Song’s pleadings in respect of his claim for breach of
contract were inadequate, any such inadequacy did not cause any prejudice to
Sunmax.

Whether Song’s subscription for preference shares in Sunmax was based on the
terms of the 2009 PPM?

70 Song’s claim against Sunmax for breach of contract was based on the terms
of the 2009 PPM. I had found that Li handed the 2009 PPM to Song. I also found
that Song’s subscription for preference shares in Sunmax was based on the
terms in the 2009 PPM. These terms provided that Song’s investment was
“principal-guaranteed (exclusive of management fee)” and that Song would get
back at least $1,237,500 at the end of the five-year investment term. Song’s
investment in Sunmax had reached the end of its five-year term. By failing
and/or refusing to pay Song the sum of $1,237,500, Sunmax was in breach of its
contract with Song.

Whether Song’s claim for breach of contract was precluded by Article 11(d) of
the AOA

71 Article 11(d) of the AOA provided as follows:

11\. Notwithstanding any other provision in these Articles, the rights and
privileges and restrictions and conditions in respect of the Preference Shares
are as follows:-

…

(d) Redemption

A Preference Shareholder may redeem his Preference Shares on the 5th
anniversary of his Subscription Date (as defined in the Private Placement
Memorandum). In such event, the Directors of the Company may (but shall not be
obliged to) pay to the Preference Shareholder the issue price of such
Preference Share at such time where such funds may be distributed in an
orderly manner. All remaining undistributed profits of the Company that may be
due to the Preference Shareholder shall be paid to the Preference Shareholder
at the end of the charter life of the Company (or any extension thereof) or at
such time as the Directors of the Company may decide. A Preference Shareholder
may give notice of his intention to redeem his Preference Shares by giving not
less than fourteen (14) days’ prior notice in writing to the Company. The
Preference Shares shall not be redeemed unless they are fully paid up. The
payment of the issue price of such Preference Share on redemption shall be
paid in cash, or at the discretion of the Directors, by distribution of any
part of the Company’s assets in specie or in such other form or manner and at
such valuation as the Directors may think fit.

[emphasis added in italics]

72 Sunmax argued that Song’s claim based on the 2009 PPM had to fail because:
73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Defendants’ Skeletal Closing Submissions, at paras 83–87.

(a) section 70(1) of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) provides that the
redemption of preference shares “shall be effected only on such terms and in
such manner as is provided by the constitution”;

(b) Article 11(d) expressly provided that the distribution upon redemption was
“at such valuation as the Directors may think fit”; and

(c) the purpose of Article 11(d) was to allow the directors the discretion to
determine the manner of distribution depending on Sunmax’s financial status.

73 In my view, Article 11(d) of the AOA did not afford Sunmax any defence to
Song’s claim. First, Sunmax was not entitled to rely on Article 11(d) because
it was not part of the pleaded defence. Sunmax had merely pleaded that the
investments that it had made were approved in accordance its AOA; this was in
response to an allegation by Song that Sunmax had made investments in breach
of its investment strategy as stated in the 2009 PPM. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Defence & Counterclaim, at para 29(6).

Clearly, what Sunmax had pleaded was wholly inadequate to support a defence
based on its interpretation of Article 11(d).

74 Second, in any event, Sunmax’s interpretation of Article 11(d) was
incorrect. Article 11(d) did not provide for distribution upon redemption to
be at such valuation as the directors may think fit. Article 11(d) expressly
recognised that the directors of Sunmax may pay preference shareholders the
“issue price”. It then provided that the issue price may be paid in cash or,
at the discretion of the directors, by distribution of Sunmax’s assets in-
specie at such valuation as the directors may think fit. The words “at such
valuation as the Directors may think fit” applied only to the valuation of the
assets to be distributed in-specie. Although the directors had the discretion
to pay the issue price by distribution in-specie, Article 11(d) did not say
that Sunmax could redeem preference shares at a price lower than what Sunmax
had agreed to under the 2009 PPM.

75 In my view, nothing in Article 11(d) precluded or was inconsistent with the
redemption of Song’s preference shares at $1,237,500 (ie, at issue price less
management fees) based on the terms provided in the 2009 PPM. Article 11(d)
permitted Sunmax to pay the amount of $1,237,500 in cash or in-specie but that
was not the issue in dispute. Sunmax’s case was that its liability to Song was
not $1,237,500 but an amount comprising cash of $224,510 and a distribution
in-specie having an estimated value of $195,815.90 (see [22] above).

Conclusion on Song’s claim for breach of contract

76 Accordingly, I concluded that Song had proved his claim for breach of
contract against Sunmax and was entitled to damages in the sum of $1,237,500.

Whether the defendants were liable for conspiracy to injure

77 Song’s case was that the defendants conspired to injure him by making the
Representations. As stated earlier, I had initially dismissed the claim for
misrepresentation (see [63] above). I also dismissed the claim for conspiracy
since it was dependent on the misrepresentation claim.

78 Subsequently, after obtaining confirmation that the fund was in existence
at the time the Representations were made, I revoked my order dismissing the
misrepresentation claim and found instead that that the defendants were liable
for fraudulent misrepresentation (see [66] above). Unfortunately, there was an
omission to revoke my previous order dismissing the conspiracy claim, which
should have been substituted with a finding that the conspiracy claim had been
made out. I would only add that the omission made no difference to what Song
was entitled to since the damages for the conspiracy claim and the
misrepresentation and breach of contract claims were the same. Song was not
entitled to double recovery.

Whether Song’s claims were precluded by the principle in Houldsworth

79 The defendants relied on Houldsworth for its submission that Song, as a
shareholder of Sunmax, should not be allowed to claim the return of his
investment, as damages. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Defendants’ Skeletal Closing Submissions, at paras 89–98.

I disagreed with the defendants’ submission. In my view, the principle in
Houldsworth had no application to the facts of the present case.

80 In Houldsworth, the plaintiff bought stock from the defendant, which was a
co-partnership registered under the Companies Act 1862 (c 89) (UK). The
plaintiff was registered (and acted) as a partner and received dividends.
Subsequently, the defendant went into liquidation. As the defendant was an
unlimited company, the plaintiff (being a contributory) paid for calls. The
plaintiff sued the liquidators to recover damages in respect of the sum he
paid for the stock, the money he had paid in calls and the estimated amount of
future calls. The plaintiff based his claim on the ground of fraudulent
misrepresentation made by the defendant’s directors and other officials.

81 The House of Lords held that the plaintiff could not maintain his claim for
damages; his only remedy was restitution in integrum and rescission of his
contract to purchase the stock. However, as the winding-up had commenced, it
was too late for rescission and restitutio in integrum.

82 The fact that the defendant was an unlimited company and the plaintiff
therefore had a proportionate liability to contribute towards payment of the
defendant’s liabilities (if the assets were insufficient) was a factor that
influenced the House of Lords’ decision in Houldsworth.

83 Earl Cairns LC was of the view (at 324–325) that the contract among the
partners/shareholders was that the assets of the company would be applied
towards meeting the liabilities of the company and any deficiency would be
made good by the partners proportionately; it could not have been intended
that such a contract would include any application of the assets and
contributions to pay the new partner damages for a fraud committed on himself
by the company, ie, by himself and his co-partners, in inducing him to enter
into the contract.

84 Lord Selborne also referred (at 329) to the contract among the shareholders
that they should all contribute equally to the payment of the company’s debts.
His Lordship considered that the plaintiff’s claim for damages was in reality
against all the members except the plaintiff and it threw upon the other
members the plaintiff’s share of the company’s debts.

85 Lord Hatherley was of the view (at 333) that allowing the plaintiff’s claim
could lead to “interlacing claims on the part of misled shareholders inter se”
and concluded that the plaintiff was trying to reconcile two inconsistent
positions, namely that of a shareholder (who bore an aliquot share of the
company’s debts) and that of creditor of the whole body of shareholders
including himself.

86 Lord Blackburn noted (at 337) that the plaintiff’s contract with the
company was an agreement to become a partner in the company on terms that he
would, in common with all his co-partners for the time being, contribute to
make good all liabilities of the co-partnership.

87 In In re Addlestone Linoleum Company [1887] 37 ChD 191 (“Addlestone”),
Lindley LJ described the principle in Houldsworth as follows (at 206):

The principle on which the House of Lords decided Houldsworth v City of
Glasgow Bank: (1) was that a shareholder contracts to contribute a certain
amount to be applied in payment of the debts and liabilities of the company,
and … it is inconsistent with his position as a shareholder, while he remains
such, to claim back any of that money––he must not directly or indirectly
receive back any part of it …

Lindley LJ’s formulation of the principle in Houldsworth similarly
acknowledged the shareholder’s liability, under his contract with the company,
to contribute towards payment of the company’s debts.

88 It should be noted that both Houldsworth and Addlestone were decided before
the landmark decision in Salomon v A Salomon & Co Ltd [1897] AC 22 (“Salomon”)
which established that upon incorporation, the company is a separate legal
entity from its shareholders.

89 Houldsworth has not been free from criticism and in the UK, it was
overruled by s 111A of the Companies Act 1985 (c 6) (UK) which provided as
follows:

A person is not debarred from obtaining damages or other compensation from a
company by reason only of his holding or having held shares in the company or
any right to apply or subscribe for shares or to be included in the company’s
register in respect of shares.

90 In State of Victoria v Hodgson and others [1992] 2 VR 613 (“Hodgson”),
Tadgell J observed (at 625) that Houldsworth “no doubt bears the stamp of its
era” and (at 626) that Houldsworth “has received very little judicial comment
in its 112 years and appears to have [been] directly applied in England only
once in [Addlestone]”.

91 In Webb Distributors (Aust) Pty Ltd and others v State of Victoria and
another (1993) 117 ALR 321 (“Webb”), which was an appeal from the decision of
the Supreme Court of Victoria Appeal Division in Hodgson, the majority in the
High Court of Australia (at 329) noted:

(a) the comment in Harold Arthur John Ford and Austin Robert P, Ford’s
Principles of Corporations Law (Butterworths, 6th Ed, 1992) at p 299 that it
“may be that Houldsworth’s case can be confined in Australia to unlimited
companies”; and

(b) Professor Gower’s criticism in Gower Laurence Cecil Bartlett, The
Principles of Modern Company Law (Stevens, 2nd Ed, 1957) at p 295 that the
decision in Houldsworth “[did] not seem to have recognised fully the
separation between the corporate entity and the member …”.

McHugh J (dissenting) described the principle in Houldsworth as being
“misconceived because a company is an entity separate from the shareholders”
and “a source of injustice because, once the company goes into liquidation,
the shareholder can neither rescind the contract of allotment nor obtain
damages” (at 334).

92 In Soden and another v British & Commonwealth Holdings PLC and another
[1997] 3 WLR 840 (“Soden”), the House of Lords restricted Addlestone to cases
involving the purchase of shares directly from the company (at 844D and
847C–D). The House of Lords was of the view that allowing claims by
shareholders in cases where the shares were existing shares that were
purchased from third parties did not “either directly or indirectly produce a
reduction of capital” (at 847D).

93 In Hans Tjio, Pearlie Koh & Lee Pey Woan, Corporate Law (Academy
Publishing, 2015), the learned authors refer to Soden and explain (at para
05.037) that the rationale in Houldsworth “appears to be that such an award
may be tantamount to an impermissible return or reduction of share capital,
and its exclusion is therefore necessary for the safeguard of creditor
interests”.

94 In Sons of Gwalia Ltd (subject to deed of company arrangement) v Margaretic
and Another [2007] 232 ALR 232 (“Sons of Gwalia”), Gleeson CJ thought that the
principle in Houldsworth was “famously elusive” (at [14]), whilst Gummow J
thought that the reasoning in Houldsworth “bears the marks of its time” (at
[70]).

95 In Singapore, the High Court in BTY v BUA and other matters [2019] 3 SLR
786 (“BTY”) referred to Houldsworth and Webb, without discussion, as
authorities for the following proposition (at [89]):

… a shareholder who commences litigation against a company on a claim related
to his status as a member cannot at common law recover damages from the
company as a remedy for that claim … because an award of damages in these
circumstances would constitute the shareholder a creditor of the company and
elevate the shareholder into impermissible competition with the company’s
creditors.

I am not aware of any reported decision in Singapore that has discussed the
principle in Houldsworth.

96 I should add that Webb, Soden and Sons of Gwalia concerned shareholder
claims made against companies under liquidation or administration. The courts
in those cases had to interpret statutory provisions that subordinated claims
by a person, in his character or capacity as a member of the company, to
claims by other creditors. It is not necessary for me to go into the
discussions in respect of those statutory provisions as no similar issue arose
in the present case.

97 In my view, it is doubtful whether Houldsworth should be followed. There is
much to be said for Professor Gower’s criticism that the decision in
Houldsworth does not recognise fully the separation between the corporate
entity and the member. Further, as Gleeson CJ pointed out in Sons of Gwalia
(at [5]), the “reality of modern commercial conditions [is that] assets and
liabilities usually are more significant for creditors than paid-up capital”.

98 In any event, in my judgment, the principle in Houldsworth had no
application to the present case. To the extent that the decision in
Houldsworth was influenced by the fact that the company was a partnership and
the shareholders had unlimited liability, it is distinguishable. In the
present case, Sunmax is a limited company and its preference shareholders
(including Song) were liable only for the value of the preference shares that
each had subscribed for.

99 To the extent that the decision in Houldsworth is to be explained on the
ground that an award of damages to a shareholder would be tantamount to an
impermissible return or reduction of share capital, it is also
distinguishable. In the present case, Sunmax was a fund in which investments
were made by way of redeemable preference shares. Sunmax had expressly agreed
that, at the end of five years, Sunmax would pay Song at least the principal
amount invested (less management fees). Sunmax accepted Song’s investment on
this very basis. It was known to all that the preference shares were to be
redeemed at the end of five years. Sunmax was contractually bound to pay Song
his capital investment of $1.5m less management fees. I could see no reason
why the principle in Houldsworth should apply to preclude Song from being
awarded what Sunmax had expressly agreed to pay him. Nor could I see how this
would be tantamount to an impermissible return of capital.

Li’s counterclaim

100 As stated in [30] above, Li claimed that pursuant to the 2009 Oral
Agreement, Song had agreed to allot or transfer to Li a 15% shareholding in UC
“upon the public listing of its assets on a stock exchange”. It was not
disputed that on 15 March 2019, UC’s Hong Kong subsidiary company,
International Alliance Financial Leasing Co Ltd (“IAFL”), was listed on the
Hong Kong stock exchange. In his counterclaim, Li sought 15% of the issued
shareholding in UC, alternatively, the value of such shareholding.

101 I found that the Li failed to prove the 2009 Oral Agreement. In my view,
the 2009 Oral Agreement was an afterthought. I agreed with Song that Li’s
evidence regarding the 2009 Agreement was not credible.

102 First, there was no mention of the 2009 Oral Agreement by Li until the
defence and counterclaim was filed in these proceedings on 17 May 2019. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

NE, 3 March 2021, at 5:28-30.

This was despite the fact that Li claimed to have lost trust in Song as early
as 2010. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

NE, 3 March 2021, at 11:23-12:5.

Further, in 2018, Li sent to Song invoices for reimbursement of expenses that
Li had incurred in connection with the setting up of NSG, NSA and UC, but did
not mention the 2009 Oral Agreement. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

3 AB 1642, 1644 and 1646; NE, 3 March 2021, at 13:1-14:1.

Li even wrote to Song’s wife on 4 December 2018 and pointed out inaccuracies
relating to the shareholding of UC in the listing prospectus of IAFL.
According to Li, the listing of IAFL would trigger his entitlement to 15% of
the shareholding in UC. Yet, Li made no mention whatsoever of the 2009 Oral
Agreement or the fact that he was supposed to be given 15% of the shareholding
in UC. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

3 AB 1673–1674; NE, 3 March 2021, at 14:5-15:4.

103 Second, the defence and counterclaim that was first filed on 17 May 2019
did not include all the terms of the alleged 2009 Oral Agreement; further
terms had to be added by way of amendment to the defence and counterclaim on
14 October 2019. On the stand, Li claimed that his former solicitor did not
want to include the additional terms because he thought that they involved
money laundering issues, and that the additional terms were included in the
defence and counterclaim after the defendants changed lawyers. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

NE, 3 March 2021, at 7:31-8:32.

However, Li had to concede that his evidence was not correct after it was
pointed out to him that the amendments on 14 October 2019 were in fact made
before the defendants changed lawyers. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

NE, 3 March 2021, at 9:12-10:9.

104 Third, I found it unbelievable that Song would have agreed to give Li a
15% shareholding in UC upon listing as compensation for the scope of services
that Li agreed to perform. Li himself said that the value of listed companies
would range from “10 million to a few hundred [million]”. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

NE, 3 March 2021, at 69:11–17.

The alleged compensation of 15% of the shares in UC was wholly
disproportionate to the value of Li’s services.

105 As set out in [30] above, Li’s services were to assist in (a)
incorporating NSG, NSA and UC, (b) attending to the transfer of funds between
the companies, and (c) arranging for UC to be approved as a WFOE in China.
Li’s services were largely administrative in nature.

106 Li enlisted the services of Company Secretarial Services Pte Ltd to
incorporate the three companies. Li agreed that there was nothing complex
about the incorporation of the companies. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

NE, 3 March 2021, at 20:30–21:3.

107 As for the inter-company transfer of funds, Li claimed that the
transactions were “an extremely delicate and elaborate process” because he had
to (a) withdraw US$9.5m from NSG’s bank account and deposit the same in cash
into UC’s bank account on 4 May 2010, and (b) withdraw another US$9.5m from
NSA’s bank account and deposit the same in cash into UC’s bank account in late
May 2010. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

Li’s AEIC, at paras 110–111.

108 I did not believe Li’s evidence. In my view, it was exaggerated to support
his claim. In addition, his evidence was full of gaps and inconsistencies.

(a) There was no evidence that at the time when the alleged oral agreement was
entered into in 2009, Song and Li had discussed these “delicate” transfers
which only took place in 2010.

(b) It was unbelievable that Li would have tried to withdraw US$9.5m in cash
from NSG’s account to be deposited in UC’s account in cash. In fact, Li did
not do so. The evidence showed that on 4 May 2010, Li had issued a cash cheque
for US$9.5m from NSG’s account 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

3 AB 1562 and 1564.

and deposited the cheque into UC’s account. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

3 AB 1560.

(c) On the stand, Li claimed that Song had instructed him to withdraw US$9.5m
in cash from NSG’s account and deposit the same in cash into UC’s account, so
that the funds could not be traced to NSG. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

NE, 3 March 2021, at 23:8–9, 25:10–17.

Yet, Li had issued a cash cheque and deposited the cheque into UC’s account,
thereby showing the very source of the funds.

(d) Further, in his letter dated 4 December 2018 to Song’s wife, Li said that
it was one Ms Chen Aijun (whom Li described in the letter as Mrs Song’s
representative) who had given the instructions for the bank transactions in
2010. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

3 AB 1673.

Li’s explanation, on the stand, was simply that what he stated in the letter
was incorrect. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

NE, 3 March 2021, at 27:17–26.

(e) In any event, even on Li’s own evidence, there was nothing “delicate” or
“elaborate” about issuing a cash cheque drawn on NSG’s account and depositing
the same into UC’s account. According to Li, the bank teller suggested that he
issue a cash cheque. Li asserted that the whole transaction was possible only
because the teller knew him as a reliable person and the bank was willing to
dispense with “certain regulatory steps” because of his relationship with the
bank. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

NE, 3 March 2021, at 24:1–7, 16–19.

I found Li’s assertion unbelievable. Also, none of these details were in his
affidavit of evidence-in-chief either.

(f) Finally, there was in fact no second transfer of US$9.5m from NSA to UC in
late May, as alleged by Li. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

NE, 3 March 2021, at 28:17–23.

UC’s bank statement for May 2010 did not show a second deposit of US$9.5m in
cash or by way of cheque. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

3 AB 1560–1561.

NSA’s bank statements for May and June 2010 also did not show any cash or
cheque deposit. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

Exhibit P4 (affidavit of Fan Qidi affirmed on 22 February 2021, at tab 1).

109 With respect to UC’s approval as a WFOE, Li said that he “arranged for the
certification and notarisation of documents for use in China” and obtained two
letters of reference from the bank confirming that UC had US$22m in its
account with the bank and that the account had been “satisfactorily conducted
to-date”. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

Li’s AEIC, at paras 112–114; 3 AB 1555 and 1582.

These were administrative tasks; there was nothing at all complex about them.

110 In my judgment, it was unbelievable that Song would have agreed to give Li
15% of the shareholding in UC upon listing as compensation for such services.

111 As I found that Li had not proven the 2009 Oral Agreement, it was not
necessary for me to deal with Song’s defence that Li’s claim was time-barred.
Nevertheless, it was clear that had Li succeeded in proving the 2009 Oral
Agreement, the limitation defence would have failed; Li’s cause of action
could not have accrued until after the listing of IAFL took place in 2019.

112 In the circumstances, I dismissed Li’s counterclaim for 15% of the
shareholding in UC.

Conclusion

113 I entered judgment for Song against the defendants in the sum of
$1,237,500, with interest at 5.33% from the date of the writ to judgment.

114 I dismissed Li’s counterclaim.

115 I ordered the defendants to pay the plaintiff costs fixed at $160,000 with
disbursements to be fixed by me if not agreed.

Chua Lee Ming  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Andy Lem Jit Min, Toh Wei Yi and Marcus Ng Hua Meng (Harry Elias Partnership
LLP) for the plaintiff;

Daniel Koh, Ng Wei Ying and Clarence Cheang (Eldan Law LLP) for the first and
second defendants.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 27 Sep 2021 (11:10 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

