Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the COURT OF APPEAL of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGCA 15

Criminal Appeal No 31 of 2020

Between

| Kannan s/o Birasenggam  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

ex tempore judgment

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Sentencing]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections to be approved by the
court and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the
law, for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Kannan s/o Birasenggam

  
v

  

Public Prosecutor

[2021] SGCA 15

Court of Appeal — Criminal Appeal No 31 of 2020  
Judith Prakash JCA, Tay Yong Kwang JCA, Woo Bih Li JAD  
26 February 2021

26 February 2021

Tay Yong Kwang JCA (delivering the judgment of the court ex tempore):

Introduction

1 The appellant is a Singapore citizen who is now 32 years old. On 11
September 2020, he pleaded guilty to one charge of trafficking in not less
than 499.99g of cannabis and one charge of trafficking in not less than 14.99g
of diamorphine. He was sentenced by the High Court to concurrent imprisonment
terms of 26 years and 15 strokes of the cane on each charge. However, the High
Court deducted five months from each of the imprisonment terms in
circumstances that will be explained below. The result was an aggregate
sentence of imprisonment for 25 years and seven months backdated to the date
of remand on 5 September 2017 and the maximum of 24 strokes of the cane as
mandated by the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed).

The background facts

2 On 5 September 2017, the appellant was informed by a Malaysian known to him
as Raja about a delivery of drugs. The appellant booked a Grab ride for a trip
from Bendemeer Road to Marsiling Drive. The appellant sat in the front
passenger seat of the Grab car. Along the way, the appellant asked the driver
to go to Woodlands Town Garden instead.

3 Upon reaching a carpark in Woodlands Town Garden, the appellant told the
Grab driver to enter it and drive around the carpark once and then to stop
near the back of a bus stop. Two men who had arrived at the same carpark on a
Malaysian motorcycle were waiting for him. One of them walked towards the car.
The appellant instructed that man to ride his motorcycle to the car and to
pass the bundles of drugs to him. When that man walked towards the motorcycle,
the appellant told the Grab driver to drive around the carpark and to stop at
the other side of the carpark. The man rode the motorcycle to where the car
had stopped and passed a bag containing the drugs to the appellant and then
rode to pick up the second man near the bus stop.

4 The appellant placed the bag on the floorboard of the car and told the Grab
driver to drive him back to Bendemeer Road. The car left the carpark. When the
motorcycle was about to exit the carpark, the two men were arrested by
officers from the Central Narcotics Bureau (“CNB”). During the journey to
Bendemeer Road, the car was stopped and the appellant was also arrested by CNB
officers.

The decision of the High Court

5 The Prosecution submitted that the sentence should be an aggregate of 30
years’ imprisonment and the maximum of 24 strokes of the cane, applying the
sentencing framework set out in the Court of Appeal’s decision in Suventher
Shanmugam v Public Prosecutor [2017] 2 SLR 115 and the High Court’s decision
in Vasentha d/o Joseph v Public Prosecutor [2015] 5 SLR 122. The Prosecution
also highlighted that the appellant was remanded from 9 November 2016 to 25
March 2017 (about four and a half months) (“the earlier period of remand”) for
some unrelated matters before he was released on bail. The drug offences took
place while the appellant was on bail but since his arrest on 5 September
2017, he had been in remand.

6 The appellant was represented by counsel in the High Court. His counsel made
a mitigation plea in writing and also submitted orally before the High Court.
His counsel informed the High Court that the appellant was extremely
remorseful and had chosen to plead guilty and accept his punishment. He had
cooperated with the CNB and was willing to be a Prosecution witness against
the two men who had delivered the bag of drugs. There was no payment made to
him for the drug offences. The appellant was only doing a favour for Raja, an
old friend who had helped him financially in the past. The appellant has
elderly parents who are divorced. He also has three young children (two of
whom are twins) born out of wedlock. The twins are living with foster parents.
The male twin has been adopted by his foster parents despite the objections by
the appellant and the twin’s mother. The youngest child is being taken care of
by the child’s mother and her family. The appellant hoped to enrol in a
diploma course while serving his sentence in order to lead a purposeful life
after his release. The appellant’s counsel therefore urged the High Court to
impose 20 to 23 years’ imprisonment and 15 strokes of the cane for each charge
with the imprisonment terms to run concurrently. His counsel also asked that
the imprisonment be backdated to 5 September 2017 and that the court take into
consideration the earlier period of remand.

7 In sentencing, the High Court judge (“the Judge”) gave a brief oral
judgment. The Judge referred to the relevant case law and used the indicative
starting point of 29 years’ imprisonment as he noted that the quantity of
drugs “was of the very top of the weight range”. He considered the appellant’s
culpability and noted that his role in the offences was limited as he was
acting on instructions and there was no evidence of monetary reward. The Judge
then mentioned that there was “one aggravating factor” which was the fact that
the appellant offended while on bail. He also referred to “one mitigating
factor” which was the plea of guilt. The Judge concluded that the sentence
should be 26 years’ imprisonment with the mandatory 15 strokes of the cane. He
then decided to deduct five months from each of the imprisonment terms to take
into account the earlier period of remand.

The decision of the Court of Appeal

8 The appellant is not represented by counsel before us. In his written
submissions, he highlights essentially the same mitigating factors as his
previous counsel did in the High Court. He refers to several sentencing
precedents and submits that the “indicative starting point of 28 years
imprisonment should be applied”. “Being a notional first time offender”, the
appellant argues that there must be a difference between him and a repeat
offender. He also submits that he “was never a drug trafficker but a drug
addict who was an incidental participant who got involved with a foolish
thought” and that his mitigating factors outweigh the one aggravating factor
of offending while on bail. He argues that his culpability was the lowest when
compared to other cases he cited. His “role was merely to transport a brown
bag from point A to B” and this was a “one-off incident” where he thought he
would show his gratitude to his old friend, Raja. He also argues that the
Judge “totally ignored or rather failed to attach any weight to the relevant
mitigating factors” submitted by his former counsel. He therefore asks for a
“modest downward adjustment” of his sentence and submits that 20 to 23 years’
imprisonment “would be appropriate and sufficient to provide a deterrent
effect without being overly crushing”.

9 The Prosecution’s written response repeated in essence its submissions made
in the High Court.

10 In our opinion, the Judge took into consideration all relevant factors in
arriving at his decision. Far from ignoring the mitigating factors raised, he
took them into account when he decided that the appellant had a limited role
in the drug transaction. Hardship to the family is a natural consequence when
a family’s breadwinner decides to commit an offence and is imprisoned for it.
The hardship highlighted here is not exceptional. It is regrettable but can
hardly ever be a mitigating factor especially in an extremely serious case
such as the present. In any event, bearing in mind that there were two Class A
drugs involved and that the quantity involved in each charge was at the
highest end of the ranges before the offences become capital ones, we do not
see how the sentences imposed by the High Court could be regarded as
manifestly excessive. Further, committing offences while on bail (and the
offences are very serious ones here) is certainly an aggravating factor, as
acknowledged by the appellant. It shows his attitude towards law and order.
The earlier period of remand was rightly taken into consideration by the High
Court and the imprisonment terms were backdated and made to run concurrently.
In all the circumstances here, the sentence was not manifestly excessive.

11 We are heartened to hear that the appellant wishes to pursue a diploma
course while serving imprisonment. We hope he will do so with all
determination and fortitude for his and his family’s future. He has the
advantage of being relatively young and hopefully will receive a remission in
his imprisonment term in due course.

12 As for his appeal, we are unable to reduce the imprisonment term for the
reasons we have given. The appeal against sentence is therefore dismissed.

Judith Prakash  
Justice of the Court of Appeal| Tay Yong Kwang  
Justice of the Court of Appeal  
---|---  
Woo Bih Li  
Judge of the Appellate Division|  
  
The appellant in person;

John Lu and Regina Lim (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 01 Mar 2021 (09:53 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

