Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC 20

Suit No 889 of 2019

Between

| Nambu PVD Pte Ltd  
---|---  
|  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| UBTS Pte Ltd  
---|---  
|  
  
… Defendant

grounds of decision

[Tort] — [Negligence]

[Bailment] — [Contract]

[Contract] — [Contractual terms] — [Exclusion clauses]

[Tort] — [Conversion]

[Tort] — [Detinue]

[Civil Procedure] — [Costs]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Nambu PVD Pte Ltd

  
v

  

UBTS Pte Ltd

  

[2021] SGHC 20

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 889 of 2019  
Andre Maniam JC  
21, 22, 23, 28, 29, 30 July; 4, 5, 6, 7, 11 August; 30 September; 28 December
2020

2 February 2021

Andre Maniam JC:

Introduction

1 The plaintiff (“Nambu”) sued the defendant (“UBTS”) for fire damage to a
Prefabricated Vertical Drain (“PVD”) machine (“the PVD Machine”) that UBTS had
contracted to transport. The fire took place at around 2.00 am on 10 September
2016 along the Pan-Island Expressway in the direction of Tuas. The fire
started at or around the rear left tyre of UBTS’ trailer that was carrying the
PVD Machine.

2 UBTS contended that the fire was not due to negligence on its part. It also
relied on excluding and limiting conditions in (a) UBTS’ standard terms and
conditions (“the UBTS T&Cs”); and (b) standard terms and conditions of the
Singapore Logistics Association (“SLA”) (“the SLA T&Cs”), both of which it
argued were incorporated into the contract between the parties (“the subject
contract”).

3 I found that the fire was due to negligence on UBTS’ part (see [8] – [31]
below). I also found that neither the UBTS T&Cs nor the SLA T&Cs had been
incorporated into the subject contract (see [32]–[66] below). I thus granted
judgment in favour of Nambu.

4 However, of Nambu’s claims totalling $1,226,807.20 on the basis of
replacement (alternatively $1,279,537.20 on the basis of repair), I only
awarded Nambu $248,240.00, together with interest and costs of $160,000.00
(excluding disbursements to be fixed or taxed, if not agreed). I decided that
the PVD Machine could have been repaired for less than its replacement cost,
and that this ought to have been done within six months of the accident –
accordingly, I only allowed Nambu’s claims for loss of use, and for storage
and relocation charges, for that six month period (see [81]–[135] below). I
also reduced the amount of repair costs claimed, relying on the opinion of
UBTS’ damages expert (see [96]–[109] below).

5 Nambu has appealed in respect of the quantum of damages and costs awarded to
it. UBTS has appealed in respect of my decision that the SLA T&Cs were not
incorporated into the subject contract.

6 These are my grounds of decision. For completeness, I will also address the
cause of the fire (and whether UBTS was negligent) and the non-incorporation
of the UBTS T&Cs, although those aspects have not been appealed against.

Issues

7 The issues at first instance were:

(a) Was the damage to the PVD Machine due to UBTS’ negligence?

(b) Were the excluding or limiting provisions in the UBTS T&Cs and the SLA
T&Cs incorporated into the subject contract?

(c) If UBTS were liable, what relief was Nambu entitled to?

Cause of damage to the PVD Machine

8 I addressed the following:

(a) What caused the fire?

(b) Was UBTS negligent in the transport of the PVD Machine?

(c) Was the fire caused or contributed to by any negligence on UBTS’ part?

Cause of the fire

9 The Singapore Civil Defence Force (“SCDF”) Accidental Fire Investigation
Report stated that the probable cause of the fire was frictional heat at the
rear left tyre of UBTS’ trailer. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Singapore Civil Defence Force Accidental Fire Investigation Report (“SCDF
Report”) at p 3 in Agreed Bundle of Documents (“ABOD”) at p 209.

10 It was common ground between Nambu’s expert Dr David J Rose (“Dr Rose”) and
UBTS’ expert Koay Hean Lye Kelvin (“Mr Koay”) that heat was generated by a
tyre not being fully inflated. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief of Dr David J Rose (“Dr Rose’s AEIC”) at pp
26-27; Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief of Koay Hean Lye Kelvin (“Mr Koay’s
AEIC”) at pp 25-26.

11 The experts differed in two main respects:

(a) was the tyre punctured; 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Dr Rose’s AEIC at pp 25-26; Mr Koay’s AEIC at p 23.

and

(b) was there hydraulic fluid that caught fire before the tyre did? 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Dr Rose’s AEIC pp 28-31; Mr Koay’s AEIC at p 24.

12 I preferred Dr Rose’s opinion to Mr Koay’s on whether the tyre was
punctured. I found that it was likely underinflated and not punctured.

13 I also preferred Dr Rose’s opinion to Mr Koay’s that it was the tyre,
rather than any hydraulic fluid that may have been present, which caught fire.

14 The presence of hydraulic fluid, in the first place, rested on the evidence
of Mr Wang Xuankun (“Mr Wang”) (the driver of UBTS’ trailer at the material
time), which I did not accept. Instead, I accepted the evidence of Mr Park
Huijang (“Mr Park”) (Nambu’s project manager) that:

(a) the mast of the PVD had been detached from the PVD Machine and cleaned of
hydraulic oil, and the hydraulic pipes were capped, some days before
transportation; 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief of Park Huijang (“Mr Park’s AEIC”) at para 35.

(b) on the day of transport there was no hydraulic fluid leaking from the PVD
Machine, nor had any seeped onto the trailer’s platform; and

(c) Mr Wang would not have seen any hydraulic fluid in the morning, or at
night in the darkened worksite. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Mr Park’s AEIC at para 49.

15 I noted that Mr Wang did not mention the presence of hydraulic fluid to the
SCDF, 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

SCDF Report at p 2 in ABOD at p 208.

nor in his police report. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief of Wang Xuankun (“Mr Wang’s AEIC) at pp 11-13.

This was also not mentioned in the preliminary report of Mr Heng Seng Yong
(“Mr Heng”) (the loss adjuster). 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief of Heng Seng Yong (“Mr Heng’s AEIC).

In his police report, Mr Wang said, “I wish state [sic] that I suspect that
the fire may be due to the faulty [tyre]” (a statement which he later returned
to delete), but he said nothing about the presence of hydraulic fluid. In his
Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief (“AEIC”), Mr Wang said, “[e]xcept for the oil
leakage, I did not observe anything unusual to the lorry or trailer after the
[PVD Machine] was loaded and secured” [emphasis added]. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Mr Wang’s AEIC at para 8.

This indicated that Mr Wang considered the oil leakage to be “unusual”, yet he
did not mention it to the SCDF or the police, nor was it conveyed to Mr Heng.

16 The first document referring to the presence of hydraulic fluid, was UBTS’
lawyer’s letter of 8 August 2019 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

ABOD at pp 204-205.

in response to Nambu’s lawyer’s letter of demand. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

ABOD at pp 202-203.

When Mr Wang was interviewed by Mr Koay subsequently on 14 March 2020, he
still did not mention any presence of hydraulic fluid. Mr Koay was only told
of the presence of hydraulic fluid after the interview, 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Mr Koay’s AEIC at p 36.

and it then became the cornerstone of his opinion.

Was UBTS negligent?

Burden of proof

17 As the subject contract between the parties involved the bailment of the
PVD Machine, the onus was on UBTS to prove, on a balance of probabilities,
that it had taken reasonable care of the PVD Machine: see Huationg Contractor
Pte Ltd v Choon Lai Kuen (trading as Yishun Trading Towing Service) [2020]
SGHC 129 at [12] (“Huationg”), a case which coincidentally also involved a
vehicle catching fire on an expressway in the course of transportation.

18 Even if the burden of proof had been on Nambu to prove that UBTS’
negligence had caused the fire, for the reasons below, I would have found that
Nambu had discharged that burden.

Tyres

19 I found that UBTS was negligent in that Mr Wang had not checked the tyres
for underinflation before driving off with the PVD Machine on the night in
question (ie, 9 September 2016).

20 In this regard, I did not accept Mr Wang’s evidence that he had checked the
tyres. Mr Wang relied on UBTS’ safety checklist which purports to be a daily
inspection checklist (“the Safety Checklist”). 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Mr Wang’s AEIC at p 9.

However, there was only one set of ticks for the four different dates recorded
on the Safety Checklist, the latest of which was 9 September 2016. The
handwriting for 5 September 2016 (which was written in a numerical format as
“5-9-16”), in particular, the number “9”, matched Mr Wang’s handwriting on two
delivery orders dated 9 September 2016 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

ABOD at pp 89 and 91.

but the dates for 6, 7, and 9 September 2016 (which were similarly written in
numerical formats) on the Safety Checklist appeared to have been written by
someone else. I did not accept Mr Wang’s explanation that he had two different
ways of writing the number “9” 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Transcript, 11 August 2020, p 68 lines 9-27.

– it is likely that someone other than Mr Wang wrote the dates 6 and 7
September 2016 and, most crucially, 9 September 2016 as that was the day the
PVD Machine was transported.

21 Moreover, the fact that there was only one set of ticks (likely made on the
first date – 5 September 2016) diminished the value of the Safety Checklist in
showing that the checks had indeed been done on 9 September 2016. Taken
together with the fact that Mr Wang did not write the date for 9 September
2016, the Safety Checklist did not show that Mr Wang had done the checks on
that date.

22 Further, the Safety Checklist only covered the prime mover and not the
trailer (which in this case was the more crucial vehicle). Mr Wang claimed
that there was “another page, another side to this page” of the Safety
Checklist for the trailer, 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Transcript, 11 August 2020, p 64 lines 21-32; p 65 lines 1-8.

but there was no such “other page” or “other side” of the Safety Checklist as
exhibited in Mr Wang’s AEIC, and no other document was produced.

23 The LTA Vicom Certificate dated 5 February 2016 for the trailer predated
the accident by more than seven months, 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

ABOD at p 10.

and was of little value in showing the condition of the trailers’ tyres
(especially whether they were underinflated) on the date of the accident.

24 I did not accept Mr Wang’s evidence that he was unaccompanied on the night
of 9 September 2016 when he entered the Changi worksite, allegedly checked the
tyres, and then left the worksite with the PVD Machine. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Transcript, 11 August 2020, p 75 lines 2-32; p 76 lines 1-32; p 77 lines 1-21.

25 I accepted Mr Park’s evidence that he had accompanied Mr Wang, and that Mr
Wang did not check the tyres in the darkened worksite. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Transcript, 22 July 2020, p 30 lines 28-30;

Police escort

26 A police escort was statutorily required, given the dimensions of the PVD
Machine, 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Transcript, 29 July 2020, p 20 lines 26-30; p 21 lines 1-16.

but UBTS did not arrange for this. I did not accept that Nambu had agreed to
dispense with a police escort, 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Transcript, 29 July 2020, p 26 lines 2-32.

the provision of which was included in what Nambu was paying for.

27 It was negligent of UBTS to have transported the PVD Machine without a
police escort.

Fire extinguisher

28 A fire extinguisher in the cabin of the prime mover was one of the items in
the Safety Checklist, and the Safety Checklist shows that its absence was
noted. However, I did not find that this, by itself, was negligence on UBTS’
part.

29 If, however, Mr Wang had noted hydraulic fluid leaking from the PVD
Machine, or that it had seeped onto the trailer’s platform, UBTS would have
been negligent in proceeding to transport the PVD Machine, especially since
the prime mover did not have a fire extinguisher.

Was the fire caused or contributed to by any negligence on UBTS’ part?

30 UBTS failed to show that the fire had nothing to do with its negligence:
the rear left tyre (which was underinflated) overheated and caught fire
because Mr Wang had not checked the tyres.

31 Moreover, had there been a police escort (which UBTS negligently failed to
arrange for), the distress to the tyre could have been noticed sooner than Mr
Wang had. The police escort could also have helped in addressing the fire – at
least in getting the assistance of the SCDF sooner (Mr Wang only called for
help after he had tried unsuccessfully to extinguish the fire on his own). 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Mr Wang’s AEIC at para 10.

The T&Cs

Were the T&Cs incorporated into the subject contract?

32 The subject contract for the transportation of the PVD Machine on the 9–10
September 2016 was orally agreed to between UBTS’ Mr Steven Yen Tuck Hei (“Mr
Yen”) and Nambu’s Mr Park.

33 It was only after the PVD Machine had been burned, that UBTS issued a
delivery order (“DO”) and invoice for that contract. These documents came too
late to introduce terms into the subject contract. The subject contract had
already been formed orally, and indeed substantially performed by UBTS until
the fire broke out.

34 UBTS relied on the previous course of dealings between the parties as
giving Nambu reasonable notice of the UBTS T&Cs and the SLA T&Cs (“T&Cs”),
which incorporated those T&Cs into the subject contract.

35 I applied the test in Vinmar Overseas (Singapore) Pte Ltd v PTT
International Trading Pte Ltd [2018] 2 SLR 1271 at [53]–[54] (“Vinmar”): are
the circumstances such that, at the time of contracting, both parties, as
reasonable persons, would have assumed the inclusion of the terms in the offer
and acceptance?

36 I found that Mr Park was not aware of the terms and conditions in the T&Cs.
But the question remained whether he had been given reasonable notice of the
T&Cs.

37 Most of Mr Yen’s communications with Mr Park were oral, and in those
communications Mr Yen never mentioned the T&Cs.

38 Mr Yen and Mr Park spoke about potential transportation assignments, 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Mr Park’s AEIC at para 12; Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief of Steven Yen Tuck
Hei (“Mr Yen’s AEIC”) at para 6.

before Mr Park sent Mr Yen an email on 3 February 2016. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

ABOD at pp 8-9.

39 In Mr Yen’s reply email on 4 February 2016, 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

ABOD at pp 6-8.

he quoted Mr Park prices for what Mr Park wanted. The email also stated,
“[a]ll Standard Trading Terms and Conditions in Accordance to [SLA].” However,
the email further stated, “[u]pon your acceptant [sic] of confirmation,
official quotation will forward [sic] to your company” [emphasis added] and in
similar vein, “[a]ll jobs strictly required a Job Instruction from your
Company for any job to commerce [sic] accordingly.” [emphasis added]

40 One would expect UBTS’ “official quotation” to contain or refer to the
terms and conditions on which UBTS proposed to contract, which Nambu could
then decide whether to accept after receiving the “official quotation”.
Indeed, that was the form of UBTS’ official quotation (as shown by exhibits
tendered by UBTS) (“the Official Quotation”). 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Exhibits D3 and D4.

But UBTS never forwarded the Official Quotation to Nambu for this or any other
contract between them, nor was there any written “Job Instruction” from Nambu
for the work. Instead, Mr Yen and Mr Park proceeded to conclude contracts
between UBTS and Nambu by way of oral agreements between them. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Transcript, 29 July 2020, p 46 lines 21-32; p 47 lines 1-9.

41 Mr Yen said UBTS used the Official Quotation ([40] above) 90% of the time,
but it did not use that in its dealings with Nambu (which it characterised as
ad hoc transactions that formed only 10% of all of UBTS’ transactions). 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Transcript, 4 August 2020, p 48 lines 15-32; p 49 lines 1-15.

Curiously, the terms and conditions in the Official Quotation did not contain
an exclusion of liability for fire, which UBTS sought to incorporate vis-à-vis
its contracts with Nambu by way of the UBTS T&Cs printed on the back of some
(but not all) of the DOs UBTS issued to Nambu.

42 Mr Yen’s email of 4 February 2016 referred to the SLA in the context of
“Standard Trading Terms and Conditions” (ie, the SLA T&Cs), but it did not
refer to the UBTS T&Cs.

43 The email was not worded as an offer or an acceptance – instead, it
expressly indicated that an official quotation would be sent to Nambu, but
that was not done. The Official Quotation ([40] above) requires its customers
to sign on it to signify their “confirmation & acceptance”; it states that the
customer in accepting the quotation accepts the “Trading Terms and
Conditions”. In addition to the stated terms and conditions, the Official
Quotation also includes a clause on insurance coverage, which states, “[t]erms
and conditions are in accordance with the [SLA] Standard Trading Conditions.
Copy for your reference will be provided upon your request.”

44 Nambu and UBTS however concluded their contracts more informally, mostly by
telephone between Mr Park and Mr Yen. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Transcript, 29 July 2020, p 46 lines 21-32; p 47 lines 1-9.

In the circumstances, I did not find that Mr Yen’s email of 4 February 2016
gave Mr Park reasonable notice of the SLA T&Cs such that the services Nambu
contracted with UBTS for later in February 2016 were governed by the SLA T&Cs.
Mr Yen’s email of 4 February 2016 also gave Mr Park no notice of the UBTS
T&Cs.

45 But even if Mr Yen’s email provided reasonable notice of the SLA T&Cs such
that those were incorporated into their February 2016 dealings, there was no
further reference to the SLA T&Cs in relation to the parties’ April and May
2016 dealings, nor in relation to the subject contract for 9-10 September
2016.

46 UBTS did not suggest that the subject contract was partly oral and partly
in writing (such writing including Mr Yen’s 4 February 2016 email). Instead,
UBTS argued that the 4 February 2016 email formed part of parties’ previous
course of dealings, by which the SLA T&Cs were incorporated into the subject
contract.

47 By September 2016, it was already some seven months since the 4 February
2016 email, and there were no similar emails referring to the SLA T&Cs in
relation to the April and May 2016 contracts. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

ABOD at pp 12-14.

The number of dealings between the parties, and how proximate in time they
were, are relevant in deciding whether there is reasonable notice and the
incorporation of terms by a course of dealings.

48 I did not find that the SLA T&Cs were incorporated into the subject
contract by the 4 February 2016 email, and the email made no reference to the
UBTS T&Cs (and all the more so, those were not incorporated).

49 It is common ground that for the transactions on which Mr Yen and Mr Park
had concluded by oral agreements, DOs and invoices were subsequently issued by
UBTS to Nambu.

50 The DOs were in two forms:

(a) rectangular, with UBTS T&Cs printed on the reverse side, and the following
printed in fine print at the bottom of the front page: “[a]ll transactions in
accordance to Standard terms and conditions of [the SLA]” (“the rectangular
DO”); 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Exhibit D1.

and

(b) squarish, with nothing printed on the reverse side, and the following
printed in fine print at the bottom of the front page: “[t]erms and conditions
are in accordance with the [SLA] (SITA) Standard Trading Conditions. Copy for
your reference will be provided upon your request” (“the square DO”). 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Exhibit D2.

51 UBTS’ position is that the square DOs were mistakenly issued to Nambu
because they were for internal use only. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Transcript, 29 July 2020, p 35 lines 1-26.

But Nambu would not have known that. Moreover, if the square DOs were for
internal use only, it is curious why they would have a reference to the SLA
T&Cs (Mr Yen was unable to explain why such a reference was found despite the
square DO being for internal use only) 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Transcript, 29 July 2020, p 39 lines 26-32.

and an offer to provide a copy upon request.

52 The fact that some DOs (like the rectangular DO) had UBTS T&Cs and some did
not (like the square DO), weakened the previous course of dealing that UBTS
was relying on for the incorporation of the UBTS T&Cs into the subject
contract: the dealings were not consistent and unequivocal.

53 Nambu first received DOs from UBTS on 5 February 2016:

(a) DO 77244 (in the form of the square DO); 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

ABOD at p 37.

(b) DO 77427 (in the form of the square DO); 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

ABOD at p 38.

(c) DO A 36725 (in the form of the rectangular DO). 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

ABOD at p 41.

54 Of these, only one – DO A 36725 – had UBTS T&Cs printed on the reverse
side; the other two did not. DO 77245 dated 6 February 2016 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

ABOD at p 39.

and DO 77246 dated 11 February 2016 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

ABOD at p 40.

(both of which were in the form of the square DO) also did not have UBTS T&Cs
printed on the reverse side.

55 Moreover, the DOs, like the work orders in Huationg ([17] supra), were not
contractual documents, and they were issued too late to form part of the
contract (see Huationg at [35]–[49]). They were not intended to supplement the
terms of the contract that had already been formed. They were issued merely to
verify the work done. The square DOs sought the recipient’s signature under
the statement, “[g]oods received in satisfactory condition”; the rectangular
DOs simply said, “[r]ecipient [a]cknowledge”. When such DOs were signed by
Nambu, Nambu was merely acknowledging that the transportation services it had
contracted for had been performed, and that it had received the goods
transported in satisfactory condition. It was not thereby agreeing to any
terms and conditions UBTS might have chosen to refer to in the DOs, or to
print on the DOs.

56 For the subject contract, Nambu never signed the corresponding DO (that was
in the form of the rectangular DO), 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

ABOD at pp 89-92.

which was issued only after the PVD Machine was burned, and moreover that
transport was not completed.

57 If the UBTS T&Cs were incorporated into the subject contract at all, it
would be because they were printed on the reverse side of some (but not all)
of the DOs (those in the form of the rectangular DO), issued after UBTS’ work
was done. I do not regard that as giving Nambu reasonable notice of the UBTS
T&Cs, especially since those had an exclusion of liability for fire, which in
a case like this would (if upheld) exempt UBTS from liability altogether.

58 Turning to the invoices, those had – in fine print – five numbered points
below where the price was stated. Point five was: “[a]ll transactions in
accordance to [s]tandard terms and conditions of [the SLA]”. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

ABOD at p 24.

I consider that the invoices are likewise not contractual documents, and that
they were issued too late to form part of the subject contract. Moreover, they
referred to the SLA T&Cs, but not to the UBTS T&Cs.

59 UBTS, however, argues that even if each DO and invoice did not incorporate
the T&Cs into the contracts they were issued for, they could nevertheless form
a course of dealings incorporating the T&Cs into future contracts,
specifically the subject contract. I reject that argument, as did the court in
Huationg ([17] supra) which, despite there being some 300 work orders, found
that they did not amount to a course of dealing capable of incorporating an
exemption clause contained in each of the work orders: see Huationg at
[41]-[49].

60 To the extent that Mr Park or anyone else from Nambu had looked at the DOs,
they would have viewed the DOs simply as a confirmation of work done.
Likewise, they would have viewed the invoices simply as a request for payment.
They would not have looked at them for an indication of the terms and
conditions which UBTS had intended to contract on, but which had come too late
in the day to form part of the contracts they pertained to.

61 UBTS submitted that in Huationg ([17] supra), the court was not asked to
consider the proposition that it is not always necessary for the terms to be
included or referred to in the documents forming a contract. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions (“DCS”) at para 125.

I do not agree that Huationg can be distinguished in this way. The court in
Huationg had duly considered the test in Vinmar ([35] supra), and concluded
that the exemption clauses in question were not incorporated into the contract
by the previous course of dealings (Huationg at [44]-[47]). The decision in
Huationg did not rest simply on the work orders not being contractual
documents. Rather, the court did not agree that the plaintiff-owner of the
vehicle transported by the defendant had ever assented to the exemption
clauses in question, which is the crux of the matter (see Huationg at [45]).

62 In La Rosa v Nudrill Pty Ltd [2013] WASCA 18 (“La Rosa”), the Supreme Court
of Western Australia accepted that, in principle, it was possible for
documents to incorporate terms into a subsequent contract, even though those
documents (and terms) were not part of an earlier contract (see La Rosa at
[43] and [71]).

63 However, the court went on to find that the invoices in that case, which
were sent after each contract, did not incorporate into subsequent contracts
the terms they referred to and contained. McLure P (with whom Murphy JA
agreed) stated (La Rosa at [47]):

The invoices were not a ‘contractual document’ within either the narrow or
wider meaning of the expression. In each case the invoice was provided to the
respondent for services already supplied pursuant to a prior contract. The
purpose of the invoices was to secure payment for those services. The receipt
of the invoices by the respondent in all the circumstances is not sufficient
to justify an inference of an acceptance by the respondent of, and readiness
to be bound by, the terms on the reverse of the invoices. Nor is it sufficient
notice to the respondent of the terms on which the appellant would do business
in the future.

64 Similarly, Buss JA stated (La Rosa at [88]):

… each invoice was sent to the respondent after the contract had been
performed, and in the circumstances a reasonable person, in the respondent’s
position, would have been entitled to regard the invoice as merely a request
or demand for payment of the contract price, and would not have expected to
find contractual terms in relation to the completed work in the invoice.

65 In June 2016, there was an exchange of emails about a potential assignment
to transport a PVD machine from Singapore to Korea. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

ABOD at pp 64-71.

That included Mr Yen’s email of 22 June 2016 where he said “standard booking &
B/L terms & conditions to apply”, 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

ABOD at pp 64-65.

and his further email of 6 August 2016 which concluded in the same way as his
4 February 2016 email did, with remarks including, “[a]ll Standard Trading
Terms and Conditions in Accordance to [SLA].” 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

ABOD at pp 66-68.

However, no contract was concluded between the parties for those potential
international assignments. I do not consider that those emails materially
strengthened UBTS’ argument that notice had been given to Nambu of the UBTS
T&Cs and the SLA T&Cs, or of their incorporation into the subject contract for
local transportation. There was no reference to the UBTS T&Cs, and only one of
Mr Yen’s two emails (the latter sent on 6 August 2016) referred to the SLA
T&Cs (in similar terms to his 4 February 2016 email (see [42] above),
including that UBTS would send an official quotation if Nambu wished to
proceed).

66 In all the circumstances, I find that the UBTS T&Cs and the SLA T&Cs were
not incorporated into the subject contract.

Were the T&Cs reasonable?

67 If I had found that the T&Cs were incorporated into the subject contract, I
would have found it reasonable for UBTS to limit liability to a maximum of
$100,000 in any event whatsoever in respect of any one claim, per clause 29(a)
of the SLA T&Cs. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Mr Yen’s AEIC at p 84.

In Press Automation Technology Pte Ltd v Trans-Link Exhibition Forwarding Pte
Ltd [2003] 1 SLR(R) 712 (“Press Automation”), the court reached the same
conclusion on the facts of that case, in relation to clause 27 in the
Singapore Freight Forwarders’ Association Standard Trading Conditions (1986)
(“the SFFA Conditions”) (the predecessor to the SLA T&Cs), which is the
equivalent of clause 29 of the SLA T&Cs (at [42]-[55] and [69]-[79]).

68 However, I would not have found clause 32 of the SLA T&Cs to be reasonable
– that clause would discharge UBTS of any liability whatsoever unless: 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Mr Yen’s AEIC at p 85.

(a) Nambu gave notice of a claim in writing within seven days of the date the
PVD Machine was delivered, or should have been delivered; and

(b) Nambu sued within nine months of that date.

69 The court in Press Automation had found clause 30 of the SFFA Conditions,
which is the equivalent of clause 32 of the SLA T&Cs, to be unreasonable on
the facts of that case. There, the court noted that there was no evidence that
a condition of the insurance cover was that a nine-month time bar be imposed,
or that a prohibitive rate of premium would have been charged if the time bar
were longer (Press Automation at [67]). The position in the present case is
even clearer. The relevant policy 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

ABOD at pp 690-714.

had a general limit of $500,000 for “any one accident/occurrence”, with a
deductible of “10% of loss, subject to a minimum of $25,000 each and every
claim whichever is higher”. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

ABOD at pp 693-694.

It further stipulated: 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

ABOD at p 694.

The Insured shall trade under their Standard Trading Conditions (STC), which
are in accordance with &/or not wider than the terms of the [SLA] … In the
event that the Standard Trading Conditions (STC) as mentioned above are, for
whatever reason, not incorporated in the contract of carriage &/or bailment
with the cargo owner, the indemnity under this policy shall not exceed,
whichever is the least of:

(A) S$5.00 x per kilo or

(B) Value of the cargo

any one accident or occurrence.

[emphasis added]

70 Thus, even if the SLA T&Cs (or their equivalent) were not incorporated into
the subject contract between Nambu and UBTS, UBTS would still be covered by
the policy, but subject to the aforesaid limits based on weight, or the value
of the cargo. In the present case, based on the PVD Machine weighing some 50
tons, and being worth over $300,000, the relevant limit would be $250,000.

71 UBTS was still very substantially insured whether or not the T&Cs were
incorporated into the subject contract and, bearing that in mind, it has not
shown that a nine-month limitation period is reasonable.

72 Moreover, Nambu was first informed that its claim was rejected, by a letter
dated 20 October 2017 from the insurer’s loss adjusters. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

ABOD at pp 162-164.

The nine-month limitation period from 10 September 2016 when the fire
happened, would have ended on 10 June 2017, but it was only after that that
the insurer’s position was communicated to Nambu. Indeed, from Mr Heng’s
evidence, 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Mr Heng’s AEIC at paras 15-19.

it appears that even up till September 2017 he and the insurer were still
looking into Nambu’s claim. That reinforces my conclusion that it would not
have been reasonable to have required Nambu to have sued within nine months,
ie, by 10 June 2017.

73 For completeness, I find that Mr Park’s WhatsApp message of 16 September
2016 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Mr Park’s AEIC at para 59 and p 163; ABOD at p 113.

was a sufficient notice of claim to satisfy the requirement in clause 32 of
the SLA T&Cs to give notice within seven days; but Nambu did not sue within a
nine-month period.

74 I would also not have found the purported exclusion of liability for fire
in the UBTS’ T&Cs to be reasonable. This exclusion is not found in the SLA
T&Cs, or the Official Quotation 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Exhibits D3 and D4.

on which UBTS contracted for some 90% of its work (see [40] above). There was
no satisfactory explanation why UBTS should be allowed to exclude liability
for fire in those instances where it contracted more informally, and then
issued DOs (in the form of the rectangular DO) with the fire exclusion printed
on the reverse side of them. Whether there was a fire exclusion, is not
relevant to UBTS’ insurance position.

What relief was Nambu entitled to?

Nambu’s right to claim in respect of damage to the PVD Machine

75 Nambu pleaded that it owned the PVD Machine or was entitled to possession
of it, 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Statement of Claim (“SOC”) at para 1.

in response to which UBTS simply said that that was “not admitted”. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Defence at para 1.

76 At trial, however, UBTS advanced the case that the PVD Machine was owned by
Nambu Korea (Nambu’s parent company), instead of Nambu (the plaintiff).

77 Mr Park’s evidence was that Nambu took over all the PVD equipment and
business of Nambu Korea in Singapore, including the PVD Machine. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Mr Park’s AEIC at paras 3-4 and 11; Transcript, 22 July 2020, p 9 lines 1-24;
23 July 2020, p 55, lines 3-7.

This was supported by Mr Kim Hyun Woo (“Mr Kim”), Nambu’s general manager. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief of Kim Hyun Woo (“Mr Kim’s AEIC”) at para 6;
Transcript, 28 July 2020, p 17 lines 27-32; p 18 lines 1-20; p 68 lines 29-31;
p 69 lines 1-9.

78 On the evidence, it was Nambu that parted with possession of the PVD
Machine to UBTS for transportation, and also Nambu that expected to regain
possession of the PVD Machine from UBTS after that transportation. UBTS only
dealt with Nambu, not Nambu Korea; it contracted with Nambu, not Nambu Korea.
60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Transcript, 29 July 2020, p 14 lines 2-32; p 15 lines 1-13.

Moreover, in Mr Yen’s AEIC, he referred to the PVD Machine as “Nambu’s”: “I
agreed with [Mr Park] of [Nambu] to transport [the PVD Machine] from Changi
Airport Terminal 5 to Tuas South Boulevard.” 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Mr Yen’s AEIC at para 1.

79 In the context of bailment, a bailee (here, UBTS) is “estopped from denying
the title to the goods of [Nambu] as their bailor, including as an incident of
that title [Nambu’s] right to possession” (China Pacific SA v Food Corporation
of India [1982] AC 939 at 959–960 per Lord Diplock). Nambu Korea never made a
competing demand for possession, such that UBTS had to interplead. UBTS was
obliged to return the PVD Machine to Nambu, and indeed, UBTS did.

80 Moreover, Nambu was the contracting party with UBTS, and a contracting
party is entitled to claim substantial damages on the basis “that he did not
receive what he had bargained and paid for”, which in turn “has nothing to do
with the ownership of the thing or property” (Chia Kok Leong and another v
Prosperland Pte Ltd [2005] 2 SLR(R) 484 at [53]).

Replacement or repair

81 I found the series of claims made by Nambu to be significant.

82 On 28 October 2016, Mr Park sent Mr Yen a quotation for required repairs to
the PVD Machine (“the October 2016 quotation”), saying, “[w]e want asap
reinstatement”. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

ABOD at pp 115, 118-119.

83 The October 2016 quotation bore the name of Dream Heavy Industries (“Dream
Heavy”). 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

ABOD at pp 118-119.

It indicated that it was possible to repair the PVD Machine, and indeed, it
was possible for those repairs to be done in Singapore. The quotation stated
that the repairing cost of the PVD Machine was for the sum of South Korean won
(“KRW”) 139,260,000, and that a further KRW 50,000,000 would be chargeable as
“travel worker expense” for each PVD machine special mechanic if repairs were
to be done in Singapore.

84 Mr Park explained in his AEIC that when he sent the October 2016 quotation,
he had mistakenly reflected the figures in the quotation as Singapore dollars
when in fact they were denominated in KRW. He also explained that the exchange
rate then was $1 to KRW 809.42. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Mr Park’s AEIC at para 63.

With that exchange rate, the repair cost of KRW 139,260,000 worked out to
$172,049.12, and the additional KRW 50,000,000 for repairing in Singapore
worked out to $61,772.63, making a total of $233,821.75.

85 On 3 January 2017, Mr Park prepared an internal report on the accident, 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

ABOD at p 136.

a translated version of which he shared with Mr Yen. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

ABOD at p 137; Mr Park’s AEIC at para 67.

In that report, Mr Park said that there was “partial damage of equipment due
to a fire” and set out the amount of damages as “[a]bout 170,199,900 KRW (SGD
205,060)”.

86 On 23 January 2017, another quotation for the repairs was sent by Nambu to
UBTS, this time in the form of a tax invoice (“the January 2017 quotation”).
67

##### Foot Note 67

×

ABOD at pp 141-144.

The cost of repair was stated as $213,309 before 10% VAT, $234,639.90
inclusive of 10% VAT (which is very close to the figure from the October 2016
quotation from Dream Heavy). There were slight arithmetical errors in items
nine, 15 and 16 of the January 2017 quotation, as Mr Heng noted. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Mr Heng’s AEIC at para 13.

87 Unlike the October 2016 quotation, 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

ABOD at pp 118-119.

however, the January 2017 quotation included, in items 22 and 23 respectively,
the cost of air tickets and a “resident charge” for two Korean repairmen. This
contemplated that the repairs could, and would, be carried out in Singapore.
Another new item in the January 2017 quotation was item 24, an administration
charge of $25,000.

88 A further quotation from Dream Heavy was obtained on 31 August 2017 (“the
August 2017 quotation”) 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

ABOD at pp 158-159.

for $583,309 excluding tax (which was then stated as 15% whereas previously it
was 10%). The administration charge (item 26) had risen from $25,000 to
$180,000 (being 12 times of $15,000). That did not appear to be Dream Heavy’s
charge for carrying out the repairs – rather, it was a claim by Nambu itself
for a period of 12 months. In similar vein was item 25, opportunity cost in
the sum of $12,500 for 12 months totaling $150,000. There was also an item 24
for legal management in the sum of $65,000. If those items 24–26 were removed,
what would then remain (in relation to the repairs proper) is $183,309. That
is the same as the figure in the January 2017 quotation (in the sum of
$213,309) less the $25,000 administration charge.

89 These quotations ([82], [86] and [88] above) were all premised on it being
possible to repair the PVD Machine in Singapore.

90 In this suit, however, Nambu asserted that it was not possible to repair
the PVD Machine, and that if repairs were possible those could not be carried
out in Singapore – instead, the PVD Machine would have to be shipped to and
from Korea, at great cost.

91 Nambu’s damages expert, Mr Robert Khan Yeow Wai (“Mr Khan”), stated in his
AEIC that “[t]he PVD machine was completely destroyed and is not capable for
[sic] repair”. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief of Robert Khan Yeow Wai (“Mr Khan’s AEIC”) at
para 10(a).

In his report, however, Mr Khan relied on the views of third party
representatives (from JP Nelson) that due to the severity of the fire damage,
their company was unable to carry out the repairs and that it is unlikely that
any repair yard in Singapore would undertake to carry out such repair works.
72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Mr Khan’s AEIC at pp 19-20; Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions (“PCS”) at para
265.

However, JP Nelson was not saying that the PVD Machine could not be repaired
by anyone. Mr Khan annexed a quotation dated 31 August 2017 from FM Electro-
Hydraulic (“FM”), 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Mr Khan’s AEIC at pp 18 and 73-75; ABOD at pp 538-540.

the manufacturers of the PVD Machine, for the repair of the PVD Machine (“the
FM quotation”). That was for the sum of $197,460, inclusive of a “repair
management fee” of $20,000”. Evidently the manufacturers of the PVD Machine
considered that it could be repaired.

92 The FM quotation was essentially the same as the January 2017 quotation and
the August 2017 quotation that Nambu had earlier put forward, save that it did
not have the arithmetical errors (present in the other quotations) in relation
to the boom cylinders, battery and hydraulic oil, and the FM quotation did not
include the total of $6,160 for air tickets and resident charge for two Korean
repairmen. The FM quotation also bore the same date (31 August 2017) as the
August 2017 quotation from Dream Heavy.

93 Reading Mr Khan’s report by itself, one would not get the impression that
the PVD Machine could not be repaired; that assertion was put more strongly by
Mr Khan in his AEIC than in his report.

94 I did not accept that the PVD Machine could not be repaired, given: (a) the
series of quotations that Nambu had obtained for the machine to be repaired
after Nambu’s representatives had inspected the PVD Machine (see [89] above);
and (b) the FM quotation, which showed that the manufacturers of the PVD
Machine considered that it was capable of being repaired. I am fortified in
this conclusion by the opinion of UBTS’ damages expert Mr Melvin Lum Kah Whye
(“Mr Lum”) that the PVD Machine can be repaired. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief of Melvin Lum Kah Whye (“Mr Lum’s AEIC) at pp
33-34 and 39-40.

Moreover, if Nambu truly believed that the PVD Machine could not be repaired,
it would have made no sense to incur charges storing it indefinitely.

95 The question remained whether it would be uneconomical to repair the PVD
Machine. Mr Khan suggested that that would be the case, because the repairs
would cost more than the cost of replacing the PVD Machine with one that was
equivalent in age and extent of depreciation (“replacement cost”). But this
conclusion is premised on the expense of shipping the PVD Machine to Korea to
be repaired there, rather than for it to be repaired in Singapore. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Mr Khan’s AEIC at p 25; Transcript, 21 July 2020, p 65 lines 31-32; p 66 lines
1-4.

96 The first three quotations Nambu put forward (see [89] above) recognise
that the PVD Machine could be repaired in Singapore, and indeed, the cost of
doing so was quoted for. It was also the opinion of Mr Lum, which I accept,
that the PVD Machine can be repaired in Singapore. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Mr Lum’s AEIC at pp 38 and 45.

97 In his report, Mr Lum used Nambu’s January 2017 quotation in the sum of
$213,309 (although this was reflected as $213,307 in Mr Lum’s report due to
arithmetic error) before 10% VAT as a base, from which he made various
deductions: 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Mr Lum’s AEIC at pp 33-34 and 53-56.

(a) reducing the amount for boom cylinders to $4,800 on the basis that they
could be repaired or overhauled and did not need to be replaced;

(b) excluding the $3,457 for the centre joint set which he considered could be
reused;

(c) excluding the $3,086 for the air conditioner which he considered could be
reused;

(d) reducing the amounts quoted for the wages of a mechanic, electrician and
general worker; and

(e) reducing the administration charge from $25,000 to $500 to allow for
sundries.

98 On a part by part basis, he arrived at a total of $142,684 and then reduced
that by 20% to accommodate for betterment, yielding a figure of $114,147.20.

99 In its pleadings, Nambu claimed (as an alternative to its claim for
replacement of the PVD Machine) $197,460 as the estimated cost of repair (the
same figure as that in the FM quotation). 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

SOC at para 7(a).

Nambu also claimed $126,495 for freight and shipping related costs to and from
Korea. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

SOC at para 7(g).

100 I found that the PVD Machine could be repaired in Singapore at a cost
below its replacement cost.

101 Using the FM quotation as a base, I accepted Mr Lum’s opinion that only
$4,800 should be allowed for boom cylinders, and nothing for the center joint
set, or the air conditioner. Mr Lum had inspected the damaged PVD Machine and
critically considered whether each item of the proposed repair costs was
justified. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Mr Lum’s AEIC at pp 53-54.

I decided, however, not to reduce the amounts quoted for workers’ wages, on
the basis that those aspects of the FM quotation were reasonable.

102 As for the repair management charge for which $20,000 was quoted, the
October 2016 quotation (see [82] above) 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

ABOD at pp 118-119.

had no such item; the January 2017 quotation had an administration charge of
$25,000 (see [86] above); 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

ABOD at pp 141-144.

the August 2017 quotation had an administration charge of $180,000 (see [88]
above), 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

ABOD at pp 158-159.

apparently $15,000 per month for 12 months (which is how Mr Heng understood
it). 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

Mr Heng’s AEIC at para 17.

Nambu did not satisfy me that the repairs would have required the payment of
an administration charge or repair management charge to Dream Heavy or FM, as
distinct from Nambu itself wanting to recover something in that regard from
UBTS. Accordingly, I did not allow that charge. Instead, I allowed $500 for
sundries as suggested by Mr Lum.

103 Additionally, I allowed the total of $6,160 for air tickets and resident
charge for two Korean repairmen, which was set out in the January 2017
quotation, and the August 2017 quotation from Dream Heavy, but was missing
from the FM quotation.

104 On the evidence and submissions in this case, I did not reduce the figures
to accommodate for alleged betterment. UBTS did not satisfy me that, in
principle, there should be a discount for betterment; or on the evidence as to
what betterment would result from repairing the damaged PVD Machine. Mr Lum
had simply applied a 20% discount based on what he described as the standard
industry practice in Singapore of applying such a discount to repaired
vehicles and equipment that are two years or older, and the PVD Machine was
some six years old. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

Mr Lum’s AEIC at pp 34 and 54.

105 In Harbutt’s “Plasticine” Ltd v Wayne Tank and Pump Co Ltd [1970] 1 QB 447
(“Harbutt’s”), a factory was destroyed by the defendants’ negligence and it
was reasonable for plaintiffs to rebuild a new one. The court allowed the
plaintiffs to recover the cost of replacement, without any allowance to the
defendants for any benefit to the plaintiffs from having a new factory in
place of the old.

106 Lord Denning MR said (at 468): “[The plaintiffs] replaced [the factory] in
the only possible way, without adding any extras. I think they should be
allowed the cost of replacement. True it is that they got new for old; but I
do not think the wrongdoer can diminish the claim on that account.” Widgery LJ
said that he did not accept “that the plaintiffs must give credit under the
heading of ‘betterment’ for the fact that their new factory is modern in
design and materials” (Harbutt’s at 473). Cross LJ said that “such benefit as
the plaintiffs may get by having a new building and new plant in place of an
old building and old plant is something in respect of which the defendants are
not, as I see it, entitled to any allowance” (Harbutt’s at 476). He added that
the defendants did not call any evidence to make out a case of betterment on
the lines of the plaintiffs having rebuilt the factory with a different and
more convenient layout and thereby spent more money than they would have spent
had they rebuilt it according to the old plan (if that were allowed by the
planning authorities in the first place) (Harbutt’s at 476).

107 Those propositions apply with greater force to the present case, which did
not involve the PVD Machine being rebuilt altogether, but only repaired. I did
not consider that Nambu needs to give credit for such “betterment” arising
from the replacement of old parts of the PVD Machine by new parts, the
consequence of which is that Nambu would still have been out of pocket in
having the PVD Machine repaired, so that it could be used again.

108 For repair costs, I thus allowed $197,460 as per the FM quotation, less
$22,224 for the replacement of boom cylinders, plus $4,800 for the repair and
overhaul of boom cylinders, less $3,457 for the replacement of the center
joint set, less $3,086 for the replacement of the air conditioner, less
$20,000 for repair management fee, plus $500 for sundries, plus $6,160 for air
tickets and resident charge for two Korean repairmen. In total, I allowed
$160,153 for repair costs.

109 It was not uneconomical for Nambu to have repaired the PVD Machine. As
such, I allowed Nambu’s alternative claim for repair costs, and did not allow
Nambu’s primary claim for replacement of the PVD Machine.

Loss of use, and storage and relocation charges

110 Nambu claimed for the loss of use of the PVD Machine from 10 September
2016 to judgment, at $12,280 per month. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

SOC at pp 5-6.

Calculated up to the first day of trial (21 July 2020), that amounted to
$564,800, 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

Mr Park’s AEIC at para 119.

which far exceeded the estimated cost of repairing the damaged PVD Machine, or
its replacement cost.

111 In this regard, Nambu said the PVD Machine was worth $308,065. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

SOC at para 6a.

Mr Lum’s opinion was that the PVD Machine was worth slightly less at $302,925,
ie, KRW 252,437,500. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

Mr Lum’s AEIC at pp 34 and 54.

Mr Lum also ascribed a figure of KRW 6,875,000 (ie, $8,250) as the scrap value
of the damaged PVD Machine. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

Mr Lum’s AEIC at pp 34 and 54.

112 Nambu’s claim for loss of use could be divided into three periods:

(a) the initial period when the PVD Machine was moved to UBTS’ yard and the
parties and the insurer’s loss adjuster thereafter inspected it;

(b) a subsequent period when the PVD Machine remained in UBTS’ yard even after
it had been inspected; and

(c) the final period after Nambu took the PVD Machine back, to judgment.

113 Nambu had intended to use the PVD Machine for a contract with Dongwoon
Engineering Pte Ltd (“Dongwoon”), and in the aftermath of the fire Nambu
reasonably rented a replacement PVD machine from K-Inc Konstruct Pte Ltd
(“K-Inc”) for KRW 10,000,000 a month ($12,280 per month). 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

ABOD at pp 108-112.

114 It was common ground that $12,280 per month (the cost of renting a
replacement PVD machine) was a reasonable rate to use in computing loss of
use; 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

Mr Lum’s AEIC at pp 47-49; Mr Khan’s AEIC at pp 28-29.

but the parties disputed the period for which damages for loss of use should
be awarded.

115 The PVD Machine was burned on 10 September 2016, and it was inspected at
UBTS’ yard by the end of September 2016. Mr Park saw the machine together with
Mr Yen on the day of the fire, 10 September 2016. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

Mr Park’s AEIC at paras 53-55.

The loss adjuster Mr Heng inspected the damaged PVD Machine on 27 September
2016. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

Mr Heng’s AEIC at para 4.

The next day, 28 September 2016, Mr Park and a director from Nambu Korea, Mr
Yoo Soon Dong, inspected the machine; they also met Mr Yen and had a
discussion with him. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

Mr Park’s AEIC at paras 60-61.

116 On 12 October 2016, Mr Yen emailed Mr Park to say that UBTS had to bill
Nambu for the storage of the damaged PVD Machine, at $900 per month. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

ABOD at pp 115-116.

Mr Yen listed three consecutive monthly periods, from 11 September 2016 (the
day after the fire) to 10 December 2016.

117 Mr Park’s email reply on 28 October 2016 did not address the matter of
storage charges; instead Mr Park sent across a quotation for repairs of the
PVD Machine (the October 2016 quotation). 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

ABOD at pp 115 and 118-119.

118 Mr Park said in his AEIC, however, that he spoke with Mr Yen and was
assured that the email about storage charges was only sent in accordance with
UBTS’ procedures, and that UBTS’ insurers would cover the storage charges, and
Nambu need not settle them. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

Mr Park’s AEIC at para 62.

I did not accept this.

119 I found that UBTS and its insurers never accepted liability for the damage
to the PVD Machine or the attendant consequences. Such an admission is not
referred to in any correspondence from Nambu or its lawyers. Moreover, Mr
Yen’s email of 12 October 2016 about charging Nambu for the storage of the
damaged PVD Machine, is an indication that UBTS was not accepting liability.
It was also inherently unlikely that Mr Yen or Mr Heng would admit liability,
when the insurer had not taken a position on the matter (the insurer’s loss
adjusters only informed Nambu that its claim was rejected on 20 October 2017:
see [72] above), and I accepted their evidence that they never did admit
liability. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

Transcript, 29 July 2020, p 44 lines 17-21; 30 July 2020, p 36 lines 27-32; p
37 lines 1-7; p 60 lines 9-25; p 61 line 32; p 62 lines 1-10 and 24-28; p 63
lines 21-25; p 65 lines 3-7; p 68 lines 20-23; p 69 lines 1-6; p 79 lines
1-14; p 84 lines 7-10; 4 August 2020, p 60 lines 9-18; 6 August 2020, p 15
lines 13-17; p 35 lines 31-32; p 36 lines 1-9; p 38 lines 22-25; p 65 lines
27-32; p 66 line 1; p 71 lines 30-31; p 72 lines 1-3; p 83 lines 24-27.

Neither was there any basis to say that UBTS had waived its rights, or that it
was estopped from enforcing its rights.

120 I did not accept that Mr Yen had told Mr Park that Nambu would not have to
pay for storage charges ([118] above). This was not mentioned in any
correspondence from Nambu or its lawyers on the matter of storage charges. If
there had been such an assurance from Mr Yen, Nambu or its lawyers would have
mentioned it when UBTS pressed for payment, which culminated in Nambu paying
under protest. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

ABOD at pp 182-183 and 199-200.

121 Nor did I believe that at any time after Mr Yen’s email of 12 October
2016, he had told Mr Park that UBTS or its insurers still required the PVD
Machine to remain at UBTS’ yard. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

Mr Park’s AEIC at para 61.

As far as UBTS was concerned, by 12 October 2016 both sides and Mr Heng had
inspected the PVD Machine, and Nambu was free to take the PVD Machine back,
provided Nambu settled what was due to UBTS for storage, as well as for prior
contracts that Nambu had not paid UBTS for.

122 Mr Park, on the other hand, might not have known as early as October 2016
that UBTS and its insurers had finished all the inspections they wished to
carry out. This would, however, have been clear to him from Mr Yen’s email of
3 January 2017. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

ABOD at p 135.

Mr Yen informed Mr Park that the lease of UBTS’ yard at Buroh Crescent was
going to end, and Mr Yen said, “[p]lease arrange to take out your PVD Machine
by [28 January 2017].” It is clear from that that Nambu was free to remove the
PVD Machine, and indeed, UBTS asked that this be done by 28 January 2017.

123 Nevertheless, Nambu did not retrieve the PVD Machine. This is peculiar,
for by then Nambu had been renting a replacement PVD machine for over three
months (since 16 September 2016). 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

ABOD at p 108-112.

It had also provided UBTS with a quotation for repairs in October 2016 (see
[82] above) 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

ABOD at pp 115-116 and 118-119.

. One would have expected Nambu to wish to retrieve the PVD Machine so that it
could be repaired, and Nambu could use it again.

124 Instead, Nambu’s attitude seemed to be that it would just leave the
damaged PVD Machine with UBTS, and not pay UBTS anything (not even for what
was indisputably owing on prior dealings), until UBTS agreed to its demands.

125 Nambu’s agreement with K-Inc for the rental of a replacement PVD machine
ended after six months, ie, on or around 16 March 2017, and Nambu said it was
not able to find another replacement thereafter. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

Mr Park’s AEIC at para 133.

Accordingly, it gave up the contract with Dongwoon in July 2017. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

ABOD at pp 261-262 and 265-266.

Even in those circumstances, Nambu still did not retrieve the damaged PVD
Machine from UBTS to have it repaired.

126 On 20 October 2017, UBTS’ loss adjusters wrote to Nambu to reject Nambu’s
claim. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

ABOD at pp 162-164.

Yet, Nambu still did not retrieve the PVD Machine to have it repaired.

127 On 16 March 2018, Mr Yen emailed Mr Park to ask when Nambu was going to
move the PVD Machine away. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

ABOD at p 165.

Mr Yen said that Nambu would first have to settle full payment inclusive of
storage charges. He also asked to hear from Mr Park within 14 days, failing
which UBTS would dispose of the PVD Machine without further notice.

128 Mr Yen sent a further email on 3 April 2018 as a final reminder, 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

ABOD at p 168.

not having heard from Mr Park in response to his 16 March 2018 email. UBTS
gave Nambu another 14 days and said that UBTS had the right to auction the
damaged PVD Machine and offset the proceeds of sale against the payment that
was outstanding to UBTS.

129 Nambu finally responded through its lawyers on 12 April 2018 to say that
the PVD Machine would be removed on 14 April 2018. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

ABOD at pp 171-172.

That did not take place as UBTS would not allow removal until it had received
what was outstanding to it. Further correspondence ensued, culminating in
Nambu paying a total of $45,090.60 under protest. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

ABOD at pp 182-183 and 199-200.

On 7 July 2018, Nambu finally took the damaged PVD Machine back. In this suit,
Nambu only sought to recover $32,282.70 of the $45,090.60 it had paid under
protest, 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

SOC at para 6c.

recognising that the difference between the figures represents a sum that it
owed UBTS on other dealings, unrelated to the storage and relocation of the
damaged PVD Machine.

130 In respect of the storage and relocation charges for the damaged PVD
Machine, I find that UBTS ought properly to bear the storage charges for the
first four months, ie, until 10 January 2017. Mr Yen’s email of 3 January 2017
asked Nambu to take its PVD Machine back, 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

ABOD at p 135.

and I allowed Nambu another week beyond that, to 10 January 2017 (four months
since the fire on 10 September 2016). UBTS charged Nambu $900 per month for
storage, 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

ABOD at pp 126-131.

and accordingly, I required UBTS to refund $3,600 of what Nambu had paid under
protest.

131 In similar vein, I allowed Nambu what it had paid Kim Soon Lee Pte Ltd
(“Kim Soon Lee”) to relocate the damaged PVD Machine, and for two months of
Kim Soon Lee’s charges for storing the machine. Kim Soon Lee’s invoice dated 6
July 2018 and in the sum of $9,790.50 was for those relocation charges and one
month’s storage. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

ABOD at pp 228-229.

To that I would add another month’s storage charges in the sum of $1,016.50
(ie, $950 plus 7% GST). 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

ABOD at p 230.

. That made a total of $10,807.

132 In allowing this two-month period of further storage (from 10 January 2017
to 10 March 2017, with charges based on what Kim Soon Lee billed for a
subsequent period), I considered how long it would take to repair the PVD
Machine. Mr Khan suggested two and a half months, which he rounded up to three
months because rental rates are generally on a monthly basis. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

Mr Khan’s AEIC at p 26.

However, 24 days of that period were for sea freight to and from Korea.
Another three weeks (or 21 days) were for materials and parts to be delivered.
Mr Khan put the period of repair itself as one month, whereas Mr Lum said 27
working days would be required, which could be rounded up to one month for
computing loss of use. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

Mr Lum’s AEIC at p 47.

133 The week from 3 to 10 January 2017 which I allowed for Nambu to retrieve
the PVD Machine, and the two-month period of further storage thereafter
accommodates:

(a) 21 days for materials and parts to be delivered;

(b) a buffer of 12 more days for the materials and parts to come from Korea
(if required);

(c) another month (or 27 days) for the repairs proper to be carried out.

134 From 3 January 2017, if not earlier, Nambu could have taken steps towards
having the PVD Machine repaired. It already had a first quotation in October
2016. The machine ought then to have been repaired by 10 March 2017.

135 In view of the above, I allowed a total of six months’ loss of use. I thus
allowed Nambu the amount paid to K-Inc for six months’ rental of the
replacement PVD machine (till on or around 16 March 2017) (see [113] above),
119

##### Foot Note 119

×

ABOD at pp 108-112.

ie, 6 x $12,280 = $73,680.

Loss of business

136 If Nambu had promptly retrieved and repaired the damaged PVD Machine, it
would have had the use of the repaired PVD Machine when it no longer had the
replacement PVD machine rented from K-Inc. If so, it could have continued with
the contract with Dongwoon, and not suffered any loss of profit in that
regard. It could also have continued using the repaired PVD Machine for other
projects after the Dongwoon contract.

137 Why then did Nambu not retrieve and repair the damaged PVD Machine?

138 Nambu did not say that this was because it could not afford to pay UBTS to
get the PVD Machine back (it eventually did pay, under protest, in July 2018)
(see [129] above). 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

ABOD at pp 182-183 and 199-200.

139 Nor did Nambu say that in late 2016 or early 2017, it could not afford to
repair the PVD Machine. Mr Kim said that when the PVD Machine was finally
retrieved, UBTS did not have enough money to replace it or repair it at that
time. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

Transcript, 28 July 2020, p 65 lines 22-31; p 66 lines 1-2.

This assertion (made in re-examination) was not substantiated by any
documentary evidence of Nambu’s financial position at the time, ie, July 2018,
but more fundamentally, the relevant time is late 2016 or early 2017. There
was no satisfactory explanation why Nambu did not retrieve and repair the
damaged PVD Machine then.

140 Indeed, given that Nambu says that its loss of profit from the Dongwoon
contract was in the sum of $287,473, 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

Mr Park’s AEIC at para 133.

it would only have been sensible to proceed with the repair, and save the
Dongwoon contract. This is especially since repairing the PVD Machine would
have cost less than the amount of lost profits.

141 Nambu also suggested that it could not proceed to repair the PVD Machine
because it is the subject of this suit. This is misconceived. After the
initial inspections in September 2016, neither side still required to inspect
the PVD Machine in its damaged form, nor was the court asked to do so. UBTS’
experts did inspect the damaged PVD Machine after September 2016, 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

Mr Koay’s AEIC at p 9; Mr Lum’s AEIC at para 6.

but that was simply because it was still available for inspection. Nambu
cannot justify keeping the damaged PVD Machine lying around “as is”, on the
basis that it wanted to give UBTS’ experts the opportunity to inspect it.
Moreover, after UBTS’ experts had inspected the damaged PVD Machine (in March
2020), Nambu still did not repair it.

142 From 3 January 2017 at the latest, Nambu was free to repair the PVD
Machine so that it could use it. Instead, Nambu left the PVD Machine in its
damaged state, and claimed for loss of profit, and loss of use and storage
charges all the way to judgment. In this regard, I did not allow Nambu
compensation for loss of profits, and I only allowed a period of six months
for loss of use and storage charges (till around the middle of March 2017)
(see [131] and [135] above). Nambu acted unreasonably in not repairing the PVD
Machine by then, and cannot hold UBTS responsible for any losses flowing from
this.

Conversion

143 I did not find UBTS liable in conversion. UBTS did not act in a manner
inconsistent with Nambu’s superior possessory title. When UBTS moved the
damaged PVD Machine to UBTS’ yard, instead of to the Tuas worksite, UBTS was
reasonably doing what it considered was safe and convenient in the aftermath
of the fire. Nambu did not protest or ask that the damaged PVD Machine be
relocated to the Tuas worksite (where it could not then be used, and might get
in the way).

Detinue

144 I also rejected Nambu’s claim in detinue. It was only on 12 April 2018
when Nambu asked to retrieve the PVD Machine (on 14 April 2018), 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

ABOD at pp 171-172.

whereas UBTS had, since 3 January 2017, been asking Nambu to remove it. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

ABOD at p 135.

For the period between 12 April 2018 and 7 July 2018 (when Nambu finally took
the damaged PVD Machine back), 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

ABOD at p 198.

UBTS was entitled to assert a common law lien, at least in relation to storage
charges for the damaged PVD Machine beyond the first four months which I
consider UBTS should itself bear: see Re Caveat No CV/21366D lodged by Lim Saw
Hak and another [1996] 1 SLR(R) 70 at [14].

145 In any case, even if UBTS were liable in conversion or detinue, Nambu
would not get any damages beyond what I awarded in respect of the damage to
the PVD Machine and related relief. Had UBTS released the damaged PVD Machine
on 14 April 2018 (which is when Nambu asked to retrieve it pursuant to its
request made on 12 April 2018) instead of on 7 July 2018 (when Nambu did get
it back), Nambu would still have not repaired the damaged PVD Machine and put
it to use.

Interest

146 Finally, I also allowed Nambu interest on the sums awarded, from the date
of the writ, 6 September 2019, to judgment.

Conclusion and Costs

147 For the above reasons, I found in Nambu’s favour in respect of bailment
and breach of contract, and awarded Nambu the following, totalling $248,240
(plus interest as mentioned above):

(a) $160,153 for repair costs (see [108] above);

(b) $3,600 which UBTS is to refund Nambu in respect of the first four months
of storage of the damaged PVD Machine at UBTS’ yard (see [130] above);

(c) $10,807 for Kim Soon Lee’s charges for relocating the damaged PVD Machine,
and a further two months of storage at Kim Soon Lee’s yard (see [131] above);
and

(d) $73,680 for six months’ loss of use, based on six months’ rental of the
replacement PVD machine from K-Inc (see [135] above).

148 After hearing the parties on costs, I awarded Nambu $160,000 in legal
costs plus reasonable disbursements to be fixed or taxed, if not agreed. This
took into account the costs in respect of UBTS’ earlier application to vacate
the trial, which costs were reserved.

149 Both parties referred to Appendix G of the Supreme Court Practice
Directions (“Appendix G”) for guidance on the quantum of costs for a ten-day
trial.

150 Nambu asked for costs of $200,000 on the basis of a daily tariff of
$20,000 (which is higher than the $17,000 suggested for complex tort or
contract cases), without any tapering of the tariff to 80% of the daily rate,
for the 6th–10th day of trial (which Appendix G indicates is appropriate).

151 UBTS submitted that if this were regarded as a simple tort or contract
case, the tariff in Appendix G would yield a figure of $135,000 ($15,000 per
day for the first five days, reducing to 80% of that for the 6th–10th day). If
this were regarded as a complex tort or contract case, the figure would then
be $153,000 (based on a daily tariff of $17,000 per day, reducing to 80% of
that after the first five days). UBTS also cited Federal Express (Singapore)
Pte Ltd v Sun Technosystems Pte Ltd HC/BC 312/2005 (7 February 2006) where
$160,000 was allowed for an 11-day trial in another case involving the
transportation of goods. UBTS submitted that the it should not be ordered to
pay more than $160,000 in the present case.

152 Taking into account the work done on post-trial written closing
submissions, I considered it reasonable to award the sum of $160,000 as legal
costs to Nambu in the present case, bearing in mind that Nambu succeeded on
bailment and breach of contract, but did not succeed on conversion or detinue;
moreover, I had awarded Nambu only $248,240 when its claims had totalled over
$1.2m.

Andre Maniam  
Judicial Commissioner

S Magintharan and Benedict Tan (Essex LLC) for the plaintiff;

Jonathan Lim and Gerald Yee (Premier Law LLC) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 02 Feb 2021 (18:21 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

