Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the COURT OF APPEAL of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGCA 68

Criminal Motion No 19 of 2021

Between

BQG  
---  
  
… Applicant

And

Public Prosecutor  
---  
  
… Respondent

JUDGMENT

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Criminal references]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
BQG

  
v

  

Public Prosecutor

[2021] SGCA 68

Court of Appeal — Criminal Motion No 19 of 2021  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JCA, Tay Yong Kwang JCA and Steven Chong JCA  
15 June 2021

9 July 2021

Andrew Phang Boon Leong JCA (delivering the judgment of the court):

1 This is an application pursuant to s 397 of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap
68, 2012 Rev Ed) (“CPC”) seeking leave to refer a question of law of public
interest to the Court of Appeal. The applicant and a co-accused claimed trial
in the General Division of the High Court to charges of serious sexual
offences in HC/CC 40/2019 (“CC 40”). Before the trial had even commenced, the
applicant and the co-accused filed HC/CM 20/2021 and HC/CM 28/2021
respectively, seeking that the Prosecution disclose witness statements of the
complainant and her boyfriend. The High Court judge (“the Judge”) refused to
grant the motions. The applicant thus filed CA/CM 19/2021 (“CM 19”) pursuant
to s 397(1) of the CPC (ie, the present application) seeking leave to refer a
question of law of public interest to the Court of Appeal. The co-accused did
not make a similar application. The question that the applicant seeks to refer
is: “Whether the Public Prosecutor should disclose to the Defence the witness
statements of prosecution witnesses who are also witnesses to be called at a
criminal trial”. The applicant alternatively asks this court to direct the
Prosecution to refer the question to the court pursuant to s 397(2) of the
CPC. In response, the Prosecution argues that CM 19 should be summarily
refused under s 397(3B) of the CPC.

2 The relevant parts of s 397 of the CPC read as follows:

Reference to Court of Appeal of criminal matter determined by General Division
of High Court in exercise of its appellate or revisionary jurisdiction

397.—(1) When a criminal matter has been determined by the General Division of
the High Court in the exercise of its appellate or revisionary jurisdiction,
and a party to the proceedings wishes to refer any question of law of public
interest which has arisen in the matter and the determination of which by the
Judge has affected the case, that party may apply to the Court of Appeal for
leave to refer the question to the Court of Appeal.

(2) The Public Prosecutor may refer any question of law of public interest
without the leave of the Court of Appeal.

…

(3B) Where —

(a) a party applies under subsection (1) for leave to refer a question to the
Court of Appeal; and

(b) it appears to the Court of Appeal that the question is not a question of
law of public interest which has arisen in the matter, and the determination
of which has affected the case, to which the application relates, the
application may, without being set down for hearing, be summarily refused by
an order, under the hand of a presiding Judge sitting in the Court of Appeal,
certifying that the Court of Appeal is satisfied that the application was made
without any sufficient ground.

(3C) A decision of the Court of Appeal to summarily refuse under subsection
(3B) an application under subsection (1) can only be made by a unanimous
decision of all the Judges sitting in the Court of Appeal.

[emphasis in bold in original; emphasis added in bold italics and underlined
bold italics]

3 It is of the first importance to note at the outset the context in which the
present application has been made. Put simply, this application has been made
in the context of the exercise of the original jurisdiction of the General
Division of the High Court and, indeed, has been made even prior to the
commencement of the trial itself. It is clear, therefore, that the General
Division of the High Court has not made any determination in the exercise of
its appellate or revisionary jurisdiction (which is a requirement that must be
satisfied before an application can even be made pursuant to s 397 of the CPC
(“s 397”) in the first place). The rationale for an application pursuant to s
397 is to allow the Court of Appeal to consider a question of law of public
interest that would affect the determination of a case before the General
Division of the High Court from which there is no further right of appeal.
This occurs where the General Division of the High Court has considered an
appeal from a decision in the State Courts or has exercised its revisionary
jurisdiction. Section 397 provides that in very limited situations, the
reference of a point of law of public interest might be permitted in order
that the Court of Appeal, which is the final appellate court in the land,
might, notwithstanding that there is no further right of appeal in the
particular case, consider the question as the court’s determination of that
point of law of public interest would, by its very nature, be of relevance to
future cases (see also, for example, the decisions of this court in Mohammad
Faizal bin Sabtu and another v Public Prosecutor and another matter [2013] 2
SLR 141 at [20]–[22]; Huang Liping v Public Prosecutor [2016] 4 SLR 716 at
[20]–[22]; and Tang Keng Lai v Public Prosecutor [2021] SGCA 52 at [1]).

4 In the present case, there has been no determination whatsoever by the
General Division of the High Court in the exercise of either its appellate or
revisionary jurisdiction. Indeed, it is a case which engages the original
jurisdiction of the High Court instead. For this reason alone, the present
application is not only misconceived but is also an abuse of process of the
court. Quite apart from the clear and unambiguous language of s 397(1) (which
meaning would have been obvious to any reasonably competent lawyer), counsel
for the applicant, Mr Wong Siew Hong (“Mr Wong”), himself admitted during a
Case Management Conference (“CMC”) conducted on 24 May 2021 that there is no
recourse to s 397 when the General Division of the High Court is exercising
its original jurisdiction. He further admitted that the General Division of
the High Court in CC 40 was exercising its original jurisdiction. It therefore
beggars belief that Mr Wong, an experienced criminal law counsel, would
nevertheless proceed to file the present application when it was clear beyond
all reasonable doubt that the Court of Appeal did not possess the necessary
jurisdiction to even entertain the application to begin with (also bearing in
mind the fact that the Court of Appeal is a creature of statute and is hence
only seised of the jurisdiction that has been conferred upon it by the
relevant provisions, whether derived from the Supreme Court of Judicature Act
(Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed) or elsewhere (see, for example, the decision of this
court in Ng Chye Huey and another v Public Prosecutor [2007] 2 SLR(R) 106 at
[17])). In the premises, the present application must fail in limine.

5 We therefore dismiss the present application summarily pursuant to s 397(3B)
of the CPC. It is clear that the determination by the Judge has not affected
the case within the meaning and scope of s 397 (unlike, for example, Public
Prosecutor v Li Weiming and others [2014] 2 SLR 393, which Mr Wong relies
upon). Indeed, as already observed, the trial itself has not even commenced.
The Judge’s determination was an interlocutory order made in the exercise of
his original jurisdiction in the course of a criminal matter. It is clear law
that such an order generally cannot be appealed (see the decision of the
General Division of the High Court in Xu Yuanchen v Public Prosecutor and
another matter [2021] SGHC 64 (“Xu Yuanchen”) at [10]). As Sundaresh Menon CJ
observed, “in the course of a typical trial, the trial judge can be expected
to make numerous interlocutory rulings and it would impose impossible
difficulties for the expeditious conduct of the trial if each and every one of
these could be appealed” (at [10]). This rationale applies to both the
Prosecution and the Defence alike.

6 In the context of the present case, the applicant’s claim that the failure
to disclose the relevant witness statements would affect his preparation for
trial is purely speculative because he has not seen those statements and
therefore does not know whether the contents of the statements would have any
impact on how he would conduct his case. These are precisely the “inchoate
circumstances” referred to in Xu Yuanchen (at [12]) which would have
prohibited an appeal against the Judge’s order. Looked at in this light, the
present application is, in substance, a “backdoor appeal” against the Judge’s
order and reinforces the point (already made above) that the present
application is an abuse of the process of court.

7 Finally, the applicant’s alternative prayer that this court direct the
Public Prosecutor to refer the question at [1] above to it is fatally flawed
since, as already explained above, this court does not possess the requisite
jurisdiction to consider that question to begin with. Further, s 397(2) of the
CPC provides that “[t]he Public Prosecutor may refer any question of law of
public interest without the leave of the Court of Appeal”. It is evident from
this provision that the discretion to refer is conferred on the Public
Prosecutor and the court cannot compel him to exercise it.

8 For the reasons set out above, the application is summarily dismissed. We
are minded to order costs in this application against Mr Wong. He was alerted
by the Assistant Registrar during the CMC to the Court of Appeal’s lack of
jurisdiction to hear the application, and was also given the opportunity to
reconsider his position. Yet, he decided to proceed with this unmeritorious
application. We therefore direct Mr Wong to tender submissions, within ten
days from the date of this Judgment, as to why a costs order should not be
imposed personally upon him, and as to the quantum of costs if a costs order
is in fact imposed. If the Prosecution wishes to respond, whether on the issue
of Mr Wong’s personal liability or on the quantum of costs, it shall file and
serve its submissions within 7 days after Mr Wong has filed and served his
submissions.

Andrew Phang Boon Leong  
Justice of the Court of Appeal| Tay Yong Kwang  
Justice of the Court of Appeal  
---|---  
Steven Chong  
Justice of the Court of Appeal|  
  
Wong Siew Hong, Lee Peng Khoon Edwin, Charles Ng and Clarence Cheang Wei Ming
(Eldan Law LLP) for the applicant;

Kumaresan Gohulabalan, Sruthi Boppana and Tay Jia En (Attorney-General’s
Chambers) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 09 Jul 2021 (14:56 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

