Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the court of THREE JUDGES of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC 167

Originating Summons No 1 of 2021

Between

| Selena Chiong Chin May  
---|---  
  
… Applicant

And

(1)| Attorney-General of Singapore  
---|---  
(2)| The Law Society of Singapore  
  
… Respondents

ex Tempore judgment

[Legal Profession] — [Reinstatement] — [Interest of the public] — [Whether
applicant fully rehabilitated] — [Section 102 Legal Profession Act (Cap 161,
2009 Rev Ed]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Chiong Chin May Selena

  

v

  

Attorney-General and another

[2021] SGHC 167

Court of Three Judges — Originating Summons No 1 of 2021  
Sundaresh Menon CJ, Andrew Phang Boon Leong JCA and Chao Hick Tin SJ  
30 June 2021

30 June 2021

Sundaresh Menon CJ (delivering the judgment of the court ex tempore):

1 This is the application of Selena Chiong Chin May, who we refer to as “the
applicant”, seeking reinstatement to the roll of advocates and solicitors of
the Supreme Court of Singapore (“the Roll”) pursuant to s 102 of the Legal
Profession Act (Cap 161, 2009 Rev Ed). The applicant was struck off the Roll
on 20 August 2014, following her conviction on several counts of criminal
breach of trust (“CBT”). The application is opposed by the Attorney-General
and by the Law Society of Singapore (“Law Society”).

2 Having considered the parties’ argument and the evidence, we dismiss the
application. In our judgment, the applicant has not discharged the burden of
demonstrating that she has been fully rehabilitated.

Background facts

3 We briefly recount the background facts. The applicant was struck off the
Roll in 2014 following her convictions on several counts of CBT. The applicant
had faced two sets of disciplinary proceedings prior to being struck off. A
common theme running across the applicant’s various disciplinary issues was
her mental illness. After the birth of her first child in 1996, she was
diagnosed, first with depression, then later with bipolar disorder. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Applicant’s affidavit at pp 47 – 48, paras 3, 5–6.

4 In 2013, she was convicted of several counts of CBT. She had retained client
monies instead of placing the sums in question in the client account as she
was required to. She was sentenced to nine months’ imprisonment. She appealed
against both the conviction and sentence. In March 2014, the High Court
dismissed the appeal on conviction, but allowed the appeal on sentence and
reduced the sentence to a day’s imprisonment and some fines. The High Court
was sympathetic to the applicant’s mental condition, finding that she “had a
long history of Bipolar Disorder which could have affected her judgment
adversely”. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Minute Sheet for MA 172/2013/1 at para 3.

5 In March 2014, after the appeal was disposed of, disciplinary proceedings
ensued. We struck the applicant’s name off the Roll because the CBT offences
involved an element of dishonesty. However, we also took note of the
applicant’s mental illness as follows: 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Minute Sheet for OS 262/2014 at pp 1–2.

… [the applicant’s] acts are to be seen through the prism of her mental
illness. While we accept that [the High Court] on appeal was sufficiently
moved by her condition to substantially reduce her sentence, it is also a fact
that [the High Court] affirmed the conviction. … It seems to us that [the
applicant] needs help and attention of professionals to help resolve her
mental issues. When that is done and we are satisfied that her issues are
behind her … it may well be that we would view sympathetically an application
for reinstatement that is brought much earlier than is customarily the case.

6 In January 2021, the applicant made this application for reinstatement on
the Roll.

Our decision

7 The law is settled that three crucial factors must be considered when
assessing an application for reinstatement (see Nathan Edmund v Law Society of
Singapore [2013] 1 SLR 729 at [10]):

(a) Whether an adequate period of time has passed between the striking off
order and the reinstatement application (we refer to this as the “interval”);

(b) Whether the applicant has been fully and completely rehabilitated; and

(c) Whether allowing the application would undermine or prejudice the
protection of the public interest and the reputation of the legal profession.

We briefly consider each of these factors.

Adequacy of time

8 A period of almost seven years has passed since the date on which the
applicant was struck off (namely 20 August 2014). As a general rule, a period
that is significantly longer than five years should have passed before an
application for reinstatement will be considered favourably: Knight Glenn
Jeyasingam v Law Society of Singapore [2007] 3 SLR(R) 704 (“Knight Glenn”) at
[15]. In that context, a passage of time of seven years may not typically be
regarded as sufficient. However, both the Attorney-General and the Law Society
do not take issue with the adequacy of the interval in this case. In the
particular circumstances before us, we agree for two reasons.

9 First, at the time of the striking off order, we had noted that the CBT
offences were committed by the applicant at a time when she was suffering from
a psychiatric illness which reduced her culpability (see [5] above). As a
result, we had observed that we might view “sympathetically” an application
for reinstatement that was brought somewhat earlier than would customarily
have been expected to be the case.

10 Second, the applicant had voluntarily ceased practice in July 2010, some
four years before the striking off order. By way of background, in July 2010,
police reports were made against the applicant which eventually culminated in
criminal proceedings being brought against her. At the request of the Law
Society, the applicant had then agreed to surrender her Practicing Certificate
(“PC”). In this light, the effective period during which the applicant has not
been practising is in fact 11 years.

11 We make some brief observations on the relevance of a voluntary suspension
in such circumstances. As a matter of principle, this can be considered as a
mitigating factor or as a factor that weighs on the adequacy of the interval,
if and to the extent the court is satisfied that it demonstrates genuine
remorse and contrition on the part of the errant lawyer (Knight Glenn at
[16]–[17]). Furthermore, there is a public interest in suitable cases to
incentivise a solicitor who may be facing disciplinary proceedings to cease
practice voluntarily in advance of the formal determination by the relevant
disciplinary bodies (Law Society of Singapore v Chia Choon Yang [2018] 5 SLR
1068 (“Chia Choon Yang”) at [52]). However, it is a matter for the court’s
discretion as to just how this should be factored in the analysis. This should
be done with due regard to all the relevant circumstances of each specific
case (Re Lim Cheng Peng [1987] SLR(R) 582 at [25]). The court will typically
not give credit for the full period of voluntary suspension, because it is
ultimately not for the lawyer to determine his own punishment (Chia Choon Yang
at [53]).

12 In the context of this application, we accept that the applicant’s
voluntary suspension of her PC in July 2010 was borne out of a genuine sense
of remorse and contrition and we do therefore recognise that in all the
circumstances, the interval is substantially and adequately in excess of five
years.

Rehabilitation of the applicant

13 We turn to the rehabilitation of the applicant. In this regard, it is
incumbent upon the applicant to demonstrate by reference to her conduct during
the interval that she has been fully rehabilitated (see Kalpanath Singh s/o
Ram Raj Singh v Law Society of Singapore [2009] 4 SLR(R) 1018 (“Kalpanath”) at
[19]). To this end, the objective evidence of what she has been involved in
during the interval, as well as references (particularly from members of the
legal fraternity) are key. Having considered the evidence, we are not
satisfied that the applicant has discharged her burden of demonstrating that
she has been fully rehabilitated. We come to this view for three reasons.

14 First, we are not satisfied that the applicant has adequately resolved her
psychiatric issues. The applicant relies on a report issued by her
psychiatrist, which certifies her as “[f]it to [r]eturn to [w]ork as an
Advocate and Solicitor, provided she continues to maintain strict adherence to
her medication and follow-up appointments”. However, the same report in
recounting the history of the applicant’s illness and progress, also states
that prior to the commission of the CBT offences in 2010, the applicant had
been “assessed and deemed to be fit to return to work as a lawyer, as long as
she was compliant with her appointments and medication”. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Applicant’s affidavit at p 48, para 7.

In short, the present psychiatric assessment is not materially different to
that which was made before the applicant committed the CBT offences. Yet
nothing in the present report explains how or in what way the risk of a
recurrence of misconduct can be or has been adequately managed or addressed.
In the circumstances, on the material before us, there is nothing to suggest
that the risk of further misconduct arising from the applicant’s psychiatric
condition can be discounted.

15 Further, the report states that the applicant must be compliant with her
treatment regimen, if she is to remain in a stable state. Indeed, this is
expressed as a proviso to the medical opinion that she is fit to practice.
However, such compliance cannot be assumed in this case. We note, for
instance, that the report also notes that the applicant had been somewhat
irregular in keeping her medical appointments in the past. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Applicant’s affidavit at p 47, para 3.

The applicant submits that because her three children are now grown up, they
can intervene if she relapses. But even assuming that there was sufficient
ongoing interaction between the applicant and her children for this to be a
relevant factor, this seems to us not to address the issue in the sense that
such intervention would come too late. The real question, which remains
unsatisfactorily addressed, is what are the steps that have been taken, and
will be taken, to assure that the applicant will remain compliant with her
treatment regimen.

16 For completeness, we also have regard to a supplementary report that was
submitted to the court on the eve of the hearing by the same psychiatrist.
This was submitted without any leave having been sought and without any
explanation being offered by the applicant. It was also not filed as part of
an affidavit. Upon reading it, we deduced that it had in fact been sought by
the applicant because the text of the report indicated that it was being
provided in conjunction with “your application for reinstatement” even though
it was addressed to the solicitors for the Law Society and copied to the
Attorney-General. Despite the irregular manner in which it was submitted to
us, we have considered it, but it does not help the applicant’s case. Indeed,
having considered the applicant’s past records with the Institute of Mental
Health, the psychiatrist in effect confirms that there is a real risk of
relapse which may be triggered by, among other things, major changes in the
applicant’s life, over-exertion, insufficient rest, emotional stress or poor
attention to her own health. Again, there is nothing before us to satisfy us
that these concerns have been adequately addressed by the applicant prior to
making this application.

17 This also leads to our second point, which is that nothing has been put
before us to demonstrate that the applicant will be able to cope with the
stresses and rigours of legal practice. This is important for at least two
reasons. First, as noted in the supplementary psychiatric report that we have
just referred to, major changes and over-exertion are specifically identified
as potential triggers for a relapse and it is evident that embarking on legal
practice would give rise to new and particular stresses and challenges.
Second, such evidence would help establish the restoration of her mental
balance and stability which is essential if she is to do the work that she
aspires to: see Choy Chee Yean v Law Society of Singapore [2020] 3 SLR 1268 at
[13]. In this regard, over the course of the past eleven years, the
applicant’s only interaction with the law was a stint as an adjunct research
fellow at the National University of Singapore’s Faculty of Law, which began
in August 2020, less than a year ago. However, this only required the
applicant to work eight hours a week. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Applicant’s affidavit at p 56, cl 3.

We do not think that this suffices to show that the applicant can cope with
the stresses and strains of legal practice.

18 Further, it is also not clear exactly what the professional demands of the
fellowship were on the applicant. While academic work can and undoubtedly does
entail its own stresses, these are quite likely to be different in nature from
what is expected of a legal practitioner. We agree with the Law Society and
the Attorney-General, that the applicant’s ability to cope with the rigours of
legal practice would be better demonstrated through a full-time stint for a
sufficient period at law firms, for instance, as a paralegal. To this, the
applicant contends that she has not been able to secure a job as a paralegal
despite her efforts. With respect, this cannot affect our consideration of her
application. It is incumbent on the applicant to show that there is a viable
way forward for her to realise her aspiration to be a legal practitioner and
that begins with her ability to find employment at a suitable level. We also
note that the Law Society is prepared to assist the applicant in her efforts
to find employment as a paralegal in a law firm. In our judgment, this should
be the first step for this applicant. Indeed, the difficulties faced by the
applicant in finding employment as a paralegal suggests that she will face
even greater difficulties in finding employment as a solicitor in due course.
A stint as a paralegal would therefore enhance the applicant’s ability to
secure gainful employment as a solicitor in time to come.

19 Third, the applicant has not proffered satisfactory testimonials to
demonstrate her rehabilitation. She provided us with testimonials concerning
her time as a law student. With respect, these are not relevant, because they
do not pertain at all to the applicant’s conduct and character during the
interval: Kalpanath at [26]. This may be a consequence of the fact that the
applicant has not secured employment in any law firms during this period.
Perhaps, once the applicant does secure such employment, if necessary with the
assistance of the Law Society, she may be in a better position to obtain
testimonials from practitioners with whom she would have worked.

Public interest

20 Given that the applicant has not satisfied us that she has been adequately
rehabilitated, it would also not be in the public interest to allow the
application for reinstatement: Narindar Singh Kang v Law Society of Singapore
[2007] 4 SLR(R) 641 at [39].

21 We also note that between July 2010 (when the applicant voluntarily
surrendered her PC) and August 2020 (when she commenced her part-time
fellowship), the applicant had a ten-year break from the law. Given this long
period, it would also not be appropriate for her to be reinstated at this
juncture, considering the public interest in ensuring that solicitors are
competent: Narindar Singh Kang v Law Society of Singapore [2013] 4 SLR 1157 at
[29].

Conclusion

22 For these reasons, we dismiss the application. We make no order as to
costs.

Sundaresh Menon Andrew Phang Boon Leong Chao Hick Tin  
Chief Justice Justice of the Court of Appeal Senior Judge

The applicant in person;  
Jeyendran s/o Jeyapal and Enoch Wong Lok Hang (Attorney-General’s Chambers)
for the first respondent;  
Rajan Sanjiv Kumar and Mehaerun Simaa d/o Ravichanran (Allen & Gledhill LLP)
for the second respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 01 Jul 2021 (11:01 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

