Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC 267

Suit No 793 of 2020

Between

(1)| Lim Sze Wei (as the joint executor and trustee of the estate of Mrs Lim
Ah Fong nee Loh Ah Fong)  
---|---  
(2)| Lim Chuan Chee (as the joint executor and trustee of the estate of Mrs
Lim Ah Fong nee Loh Ah Fong and also the sole executor and trustee of the
estate of Lim Yeo Kiong)  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

| Lim Chuan Wei  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

judgment

[Trusts] — [Resulting trusts] — [Presumed resulting trusts] — [Contributions
giving rise to presumption of resulting trust]

[Trusts] — [Constructive trusts] — [Common intention constructive trusts]

[Equity] — [Remedies] — [Equitable accounting] — [Contributions of co-owner
made without prior agreement]

[Land] — [Interest in land] — [Joint tenancy] — [Whether in equity parties
joint tenants or tenants in common]

[Family Law] — [Advancement] — [Presumption]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Lim Sze Wei (the joint executor and trustee of the estate of Mrs Lim Ah Fong
née Loh Ah Fong, deceased) and another v

  

Lim Chuan Wei

[2021] SGHC 267

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 793 of 2020  
Philip Jeyaretnam J  
30 June, 1–2, 6–7 July, 2 September 2021

26 November 2021 Judgment reserved.

Philip Jeyaretnam J:

Introduction

1 The defendant, the eldest child, was registered as joint tenant of two
properties with his parents. When his mother passed away, she had appointed
under her will as executors of her estate his two younger siblings. His father
subsequently passed away too, having appointed the youngest child as executor
of his estate. In their capacity collectively as executors of the mother’s and
father’s estate, the younger siblings commenced this action claiming that in
respect of one of the properties the parents’ estates own all of it, while in
respect of the other the parents’ estate own two thirds. Under their wills,
both parents had given their interests in the properties to the youngest
child. The eldest son counterclaimed that he is the sole beneficial owner of
both properties, on the principle that upon the death of a joint tenant the
entire interest in the property passes to the survivor.

Facts

Parties

2 The late Mr Lim Yeo Kiong (the “father”) passed away on 20 June 2019, 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Affidavit of Evidence in Chief (“AEIC”) of Lim Sze Wei at para 6.

and was predeceased by his wife Mrs Lim Ah Fong Nee Loh Ah Fong (the “mother”)
who passed away on 16 July 2013. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

AEIC of Lim Sze Wei at para 5.

Together they had three children, Mr Lim Chuan Wei (“Chuan Wei”) who was the
eldest, Ms Lim Sze Wei Geralydn (“Geri”) who was the second child, and Mr Lim
Chuan Chee Luke (“Luke”) who was the youngest child. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

AEIC of Lim Sze Wei at para 8.

3 I refer to the siblings by their personal names because they share one
family name and it is simpler to distinguish them in this way.

4 Luke is the sole executor and trustee of the father’s estate, while he and
Geri are joint executors of the mother’s estate. They are the plaintiffs in
this action, while Chuan Wei is the defendant.

5 Geri and Luke both testified and also called two witnesses. The first was
Geri’s husband, Chia Sze Chuan, also known as Glendon, by which personal name
I will refer to him. The second was Lim Joo Bee Sabine (“Mdm Lim”), a
neighbour of the parents living in the Sunrise estate.

6 Chuan Wei called two lawyers who attended to his parents when they purchased
the two properties that are the subject of this dispute. They are Mr Joethy
Ramalingam (“Mr Joethy”) and Mr Goh E Pei (“Mr Goh”).

Background to the dispute

7 Both parents died testate, bequeathing to Luke their interests in the two
properties. In respect of both, they held the legal estate in joint tenancy
together with Chuan Wei. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

AEIC of Lim Chuan Wei at paras 16 and 27.

It is not disputed that neither the joint tenancy was ever severed. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

AEIC of Lim Chuan Wei at para 84.

Thus, the question is whether the beneficial interest in the properties was
held on a joint tenancy so that both properties passed to Chuan Wei legally
and beneficially as the survivor, or under a tenancy in common, and if so in
what proportion, with the result that the parents could pass their beneficial
interests in the properties to Luke in accordance with their respective wills.

The AMK property

8 The first property is a shophouse located at Block 163 Ang Mo Kio Ave 4,
#01-472, Singapore 560163 (the “AMK property”). 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

AEIC of Lim Sze Wei at para 10.

The parents started operating a departmental shop business under the name “K
Wei Departmental Store” sometime in 1983, with the family living above the
shop. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

AEIC of Lim Sze Wei at para 15.

They rented from the Housing and Development Board (“HDB”). HDB offered them
the opportunity to purchase and own the AMK property sometime between 1994 and
1995. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

AEIC of Lim Sze Wei at para 26.

9 The AMK property was purchased in 1995 for $525,000. The parents paid an
initial down payment of $150,000 and took a mortgage loan with the Development
Bank of Singapore (“DBS”) for the balance of $375,000. Thereafter, the parents
continued to service the monthly mortgage payments through the mother’s
Central Provident Fund (“CPF”) monies and cash payments. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

AEIC of Lim Sze Wei at para 32; AEIC of Lim Chuan Wei at paras 87 – 88.

These monthly payments consisted of $598.55 from the mother’s CPF and $1,900
to $2,000 from a joint account (Standard Chartered Bank Account No. 01696157)
held in the parents’ and Chuan Wei’s joint names. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

AEIC of Lim Sze Wei at para 33.

Chuan Wei does not dispute that he was reimbursed for the transfers of monies
for payment of the mortgage for the AMK property. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

AEIC of Lim Chuan Wei at para 94.

However, Chuan Wei claims to have helped pay about $21,000 in mortgage
repayments accumulated between 2011 and 2013, as the parents did not fully
reimburse him for the mortgage payments in those years for the AMK property.
12

##### Foot Note 12

×

AEIC of Lim Chuan Wei at para 95.

In addition to the above, Chuan Wei also claims to have made a lump sum
payment of $25,000 towards the mortgage loan on or around 4 October 2006. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

AEIC of Lim Chuan Wei at para 97.

10 The expenses and outgoings for the AMK property were paid for by the
parents. Luke took over payment of expenses for the AMK property after the
mother’s death. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

AEIC of Lim Sze Wei at para 40.

However, Chuan Wei claims to have made further cash repayments towards the
mortgage of the AMK property amounting to about $74,000 (inclusive of
interest) after the mother’s death, until the mortgage was fully redeemed on 2
September 2016. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

AEIC of Lim Chuan Wei at para 99.

In total, Chuan Wei claims to have contributed approximately $120,000 towards
the AMK property. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

AEIC of Lim Chuan Wei at para 100.

The Sunrise property

11 Sometime between April to June 1999, the parents decided to purchase a
property at 63 Sunrise Avenue (the “Sunrise property”), 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

AEIC of Lim Chuan Wei at para 103; Agreed Bundle of Documents Vol 1 (1AB) at
pp 2 – 21.

for $980,000. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

1AB at p 22.

In order to fund the purchase, $55,500 was drawn the mother’s CPF and $9,500
was drawn from Chuan Wei’s CPF. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

1AB at p 21.

Of the $196,000 down payment required for the Sunrise property, 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

1AB at p 22.

Chuan Wei claims to have contributed $45,000 drawn from a credit line, while
Geri and Luke (collectively, the “plaintiffs”) state that the parents
contributed the entire sum. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

AEIC of Lim Sze Wei at para 60; AEIC of Lim Chuan Chee at para 40.

12 Parties agree that the mortgage loan for the Sunrise property was $719,000.
22

##### Foot Note 22

×

AEIC of Lim Sze Wei at para 58; AEIC of Lim Chuan Wei at para 104.

The Sunrise property was also secured by a guarantee signed by Geri. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

1AB at pp 11 – 20.

According to Chuan Wei, he alone contributed $1,215,307.15 towards the
purchase price of the Sunrise property – consisting of an initial contribution
of $45,000, cash repayments of $362,435,55 and CPF contributions of
$807,871.61. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

AEIC of Lim Chuan Wei at para 121.

While Chuan Wei accepts that Luke paid him $1,800 every month from around
January 2012 onwards, he claims that this was “rental” for Luke staying there
with his girlfriend. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

AEIC of Lim Chuan Wei at para 112.

Thus, it appears that Chuan Wei’s position is that apart from $55,500 drawn
from the mother’s CPF and $151,000 down payment made by the parents, he had
paid for everything else.

13 In contrast, Luke and Geri say that the parents contributed their share of
the monthly mortgage payment of about $1,800 to Chuan Wei, 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

AEIC of Lim Sze Wei at para 65.

which was taken over by Luke sometime in October 2011. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

AEIC of Lim Sze Wei at para 67.

The parents’ wills

14 On 16 July 2013, the mother passed away after a fall at the Sunrise
property. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

AEIC of Lim Sze Wei at para 91.

The mother left a will, naming Geri and Luke as the joint executors and
trustees of her estate. The will left the mother’s shares and interests, both
legal and equitable, in the AMK property and Sunrise property to Luke
absolutely. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

AEIC of Lim Sze Wei at para 104.

15 In October 2017, the father had a fall and developed issues with mobility.
He eventually passed away on 20 June 2019. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

AEIC of Lim Sze Wei at para 128.

The father also left a will, appointing Luke as the sole executor and trustee
of his estate. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

AEIC of Lim Sze Wei at para 137.

His will, like his wife’s, gave all of his shares, interest and title in the
AMK property and Sunrise property to Luke absolutely. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

AEIC of Lim Sze Wei at para 138.

Caveats and claims

16 Geri and Luke proceeded to lodge caveats against both the properties on 6
April 2020, 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

AEIC of Lim Sze Wei at para 147.

and were notified subsequently that Chuan Wei had applied to cancel the
caveats. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

AEIC of Lim Sze Wei at paras 148 and 149.

Geri and Luke then took proceedings for the caveats to remain. The court
ordered that the caveat over the AMK property remain in force, and that, while
the caveat over the Sunrise property be removed so that the property could be
sold, Chuan Wei would have to pay into court two-thirds of the net sales
proceeds, representing the share claimed by the parents’ estates, pending
resolution of the dispute. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

AEIC of Lim Sze Wei at para 152.

17 Geri and Luke claim that Chuan Wei holds two-thirds of the Sunrise property
and the entirety of the AMK property on trust for the estates of the parents,
notwithstanding that the properties were both registered as joint tenancies.
36

##### Foot Note 36

×

AEIC of Lim Sze Wei at para 171.

In contrast, Chuan Wei argues that the parents had intended to benefit him
solely as part of succession planning. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

AEIC of Lim Chuan Wei at paras 61 to 63.

He says that the parents were advised about the legal consequence of choosing
joint tenancy and did so deliberately 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

AEIC of Lim Chuan Wei at paras 71 to 75.

because they wanted him to inherit the properties when they passed away. The
parents did not sever either of the joint tenancies before their deaths. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

AEIC of Lim Chuan Wei at paras 81 to 84.

The parties’ cases

Broad agreement on the law

18 Both counsel referred to the framework established by the Court of Appeal
in Chan Yuen Lan v See Fong Mun [2014] 3 SLR 1065 (“Chan Yuen Lan”) in the
context of familial and other close relationships at [160]:

In view of our discussion above, a property dispute involving parties who have
contributed unequal amounts towards the purchase price of a property and who
have not executed a declaration of trust as to how the beneficial interest in
the property is to be apportioned can be broadly analysed using the following
steps in relation to the available evidence:

(a) Is there sufficient evidence of the parties’ respective financial
contributions to the purchase price of the property? If the answer is “yes”,
it will be presumed that the parties hold the beneficial interest in the
property in proportion to their respective contributions to the purchase price
(ie, the presumption of resulting trust arises). If the answer is “no”, it
will be presumed that the parties hold the beneficial interest in the same
manner as that in which the legal interest is held.

(b) Regardless of whether the answer to (a) is “yes” or “no”, is there
sufficient evidence of an express or an inferred common intention that the
parties should hold the beneficial interest in the property in a proportion
which is different from that set out in (a)? If the answer is “yes”, the
parties will hold the beneficial interest in accordance with that common
intention instead, and not in the manner set out in (a). In this regard, the
court may not impute a common intention to the parties where one did not in
fact exist.

(c) If the answer to both (a) and (b) is “no”, the parties will hold the
beneficial interest in the property in the same manner as the manner in which
they hold the legal interest.

(d) If the answer to (a) is “yes” but the answer to (b) is “no”, is there
nevertheless sufficient evidence that the party who paid a larger part of the
purchase price of the property (“X”) intended to benefit the other party (“Y”)
with the entire amount which he or she paid? If the answer is “yes”, then X
would be considered to have made a gift to Y of that larger sum and Y will be
entitled to the entire beneficial interest in the property.

(e) If the answer to (d) is “no”, does the presumption of advancement
nevertheless operate to rebut the presumption of resulting trust in (a)? If
the answer is “yes”, then: (i) there will be no resulting trust on the facts
where the property is registered in Y’s sole name (ie, Y will be entitled to
the property absolutely); and (ii) the parties will hold the beneficial
interest in the property jointly where the property is registered in their
joint names. If the answer is “no”, the parties will hold the beneficial
interest in the property in proportion to their respective contributions to
the purchase price.

(f) Notwithstanding the situation at the time the property was acquired, is
there sufficient and compelling evidence of a subsequent express or inferred
common intention that the parties should hold the beneficial interest in a
proportion which is different from that in which the beneficial interest was
held at the time of acquisition of the property? If the answer is “yes”, the
parties will hold the beneficial interest in accordance with the subsequent
altered proportion. If the answer is “no”, the parties will hold the
beneficial interest in one of the modes set out at (b)–(e) above, depending on
which is applicable.

19 This framework arranges the steps of the inquiry in a particular order,
determining at which stage to consider the various doctrines involved
including those of resulting trust and common intention constructive trust. I
will adopt this framework when considering each of the properties in turn.

The plaintiffs’ case

The AMK property

20 Geri and Luke argue that the registration of a property as a joint tenancy
does not displace the operation of the presumption of resulting trust. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at para 76.

As the parents paid for the entire initial down payment of the AMK property,
they owned the entirety of the AMK property on the basis of a resulting trust
analysis. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at para 90.

With regard to Chuan Wei’s much later alleged contributions amounting to
$120,000, they contend that this could not have had the effect of altering the
parents’ ownership of the entirety of the beneficial interest in the AMK
property. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at paras 92 – 94.

21 Geri and Luke dispute Chuan Wei’s claim to have contributed $25,000 in
2006, as there was no documentary evidence of it. Further, they say that even
if it happened it would not alter the beneficial ownership of the AMK
property. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at paras 98 – 99.

In relation to the alleged $21,000 in arrears incurred by the AMK property,
they dispute that it happened, suggesting that Chuan Wei probably made it up.
44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at paras 100 – 105.

However, they do not dispute that Chuan Wei had paid $74,000 towards the final
settlement of the AMK property, but argue that he is only able to claim for
reimbursement of this sum, because there was no agreement between Chuan Wei
and the parents for him to do so, such as to give him a beneficial interest in
the property. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at paras 106 – 110.

The Sunrise property

22 In respect of the Sunrise property, Geri and Luke similarly advance their
case on the basis of a resulting trust. In connection, they refute Chuan Wei’s
contention that there was a common intention to vary the proportion of his
interest, and that proprietary estoppel is applicable.

23 On their primary case, they argue that Chuan Wei admits that he has no
evidence supporting his claim to have contributed $45,000 towards the initial
down payment of the Sunrise property, 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at paras 115 – 116.

or that in the alternative it is improbable. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at para 117.

24 They accept that the monthly mortgage payments for the Sunrise property
would be relevant to determining the respective beneficial interests of the
parents and Chuan Wei in the property. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at para 121.

However, they say that the evidence shows that the parents had contributed
two-thirds of the monthly mortgage payments from the time the property was
purchased until Luke took over the payments on the parents’ behalf. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at para 131.

They also rely on two other pieces of evidence. First, an earlier statement of
Chuan Wei’s that the mother had made monthly cash contributions of $1,800 from
2012 till 2013, which contradicts his position that he had made all the
payments out of his pocket. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at para 134.

Second, they point out that, in Chuan Wei’s own proposal to the parents when
he wanted them to sell Sunrise property, they were to receive two-thirds of
the sales proceeds in the event that the Sunrise property was sold. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at para 139.

They also argue that his lump sum payment of $271,000 towards the settlement
of the outstanding mortgage loan made after the father passed away was
unnecessary, given that sale was already in contemplation and the mortgage
could simply have been redeemed from the sale proceeds. They suggest he did
this in a bid to improve his position in any subsequent dispute with his
siblings and argue that it should not be counted toward his contribution to
the purchase of the Sunrise property. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at paras 157 – 160.

25 At the core of their case is the assertion that the parents only added
Chuan Wei as a joint tenant of the properties, because of his relative youth,
in order to make it easier to obtain financing of their purchase of the
Sunrise property 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at paras 173 – 174.

and the AMK property. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at paras 175 – 176.

They disagree that the parents had intended to pass both properties to Chuan
Wei as part of succession planning. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at paras 178 – 181.

Further, they argue that the parents had not understood the legal effect of
the joint tenancies. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at paras 185 – 187.

26 In their submission, a common intention that the parents’ interests in the
property would go to Chuan Wei after their deaths could not have existed as
Chuan Wei was himself not even aware that the properties were registered as
joint tenancies. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at para 198.

They argue that the parents’ intentions to leave the properties to Luke were
made known to both Glendon and Mdm Lim. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at paras 199 – 224.

27 Turning to the existence of any subsequent express or inferred common
intention of the parties, they argue that the parents had always treated their
respective shares of the properties as their own, separate and distinct from
any interest of Chuan Wei. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at paras 207 – 212.

They also argue that it was unlikely that the parents would have wanted to
benefit Chuan Wei solely, and that accordingly a presumption of advancement
would not have arisen. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at paras 225 – 235.

They submit that, taking the approach endorsed by the Court of Appeal in Tan
Yok Koon v Tan Choo Suan [2017] 1 SLR 654 (“Tan Yok Koon”), subsequent conduct
can be considered for the purpose of discerning parties’ intentions. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Plaintiffs’ Reply Submissions at para 47.

28 Finally, in response to Chuan Wei’s claim based on proprietary estoppel,
they submit that there was no representation made to him by the parents such
as to enable Chuan Wei to raise such a claim. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Plaintiffs’ Reply Submissions at para 55.

The defendant’s case

29 Chuan Wei relies principally on his own evidence and that of the two
lawyers, Mr Joethy and Mr Goh, to contend that the parents had intended the
right of survivorship in relation to both joint tenancies to apply. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at paras 56 and 60.

He points out gaps in the evidence adduced by his siblings, particularly some
CPF and bank statements. He also criticises their failure to call Ms Teo Siew
Tin who drew up the father’s will. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 39.

Chuan Wei points out that there is no evidence that at the time of the
acquisition the parents had expressly stated that the property was to be held
on trust for them by Chuan Wei. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 46.

His position is that the properties were to be left to him as part of
succession planning. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 47.

30 Chuan Wei also relies on the fact that when Geri and Luke filed the
Schedule of Assets for the mother’s estate, they did not include any interest
of the mother in the two properties. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 83.

He also pointed out that they did not respond to Chuan Wei’s emails in 2014
stating that the right of survivorship would apply. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 86.

Moreover, the father had in 2018 executed a power of attorney giving Luke the
power to sever the joint tenancy but this was never done. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 88.

31 As for whether any different common intention was formed subsequent to the
original purchase of the properties, Chuan Wei submits that the burden is on
Geri and Luke to prove an agreement or understanding reached common to all the
owners of the property. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 96.

Noting that Geri and Luke principally rely on four documents, namely the
parents’ two wills, the father’s power of attorney, and a document entitled
“Agreement on Arrangements for Mom and Dad dated 10 August 2013”, he says that
these do not show any subsequent common intention. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 99 – 101.

In particular, the parents’ respective wills, which purport to bequeath their
shares of the two properties to Luke, are at best unilateral statements by
them. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at paras 104 and 113.

Moreover, they do not stipulate the exact shares, 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at paras 107.

and are legally invalid as the right of survivorship applies. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at paras 109 and 117.

As for the purported agreement, Chuan Wei argues that it only reflects a
discussion among the siblings that did not involve the father. Consequently,
it does not evidence any agreement between the co-owners of the two
properties. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at paras 126 – 128.

32 Chuan Wei also submits that the presumption of resulting trust analysis is
inapplicable, as there is direct evidence of the parents’ actual intention to
benefit him alone. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 137.

On the other hand, there is also insufficient evidence of the parties’ direct
financial contributions. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 138.

33 When it comes to calculating the parties’ respective contributions, Chuan
Wei argues that his efforts in 2001 to refinance the mortgage loans on the
properties resulted in savings of interest payable and that this should count
as part of his financial contributions. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 163.

34 Further, Chuan Wei argues that a presumption of advancement would arise in
his favour, 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 171.

and that the time for determining when the presumption would arise would be at
the time of acquisition of the property. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 181.

35 Finally, Chuan Wei argues, in the alternative, that a proprietary estoppel
would arise in his favour, 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at paras 220 – 222.

as he had relied on the parents’ representations to him that he would obtain
the entirety of the two properties, and incurred a detriment by contributing
to the properties.

Issues to be determined

36 There are two distinct questions that I will have to answer. One concerns
whether the joint tenancy of the legal estate meant that the equitable estate
was also held in joint tenancy, such that the right of survivorship applied.
The second concerns whether, if the beneficial interest was held under a
tenancy in common, what the proportions of ownership were. I will consider
this matter in the following order:

(a) The effect of the joint tenancy of the legal estate;

(b) The proportion of beneficial interests in the AMK property;

(c) The proportion of beneficial interests in the Sunrise property;

(d) Proprietary estoppel.

Issue 1: The effect of the joint tenancy of the legal estate

37 To recapitulate, Chuan Wei’s case is that at the time of purchase of each
of the properties, the parents, for reasons of succession planning, made a
conscious and informed decision to be joint tenants together with him, which
meant that the right of survivorship applied in his favour. Geri and Luke’s
case is that there was no such conscious and informed decision. On their
account, their parents believed that they owned the whole of the AMK property,
two thirds of the Sunrise property; and considered that they were able to deal
with their interests in the properties as they thought fit, including by
testamentary disposition. Geri and Luke also note that Chuan Wei was the only
sibling who had reached 21 at the time of the purchase of the AMK property. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at para 12.

38 As stated in Lau Siew Kim v Yeo Guan Chye Terence and another  
[2008] 2 SLR(R) 108 (“Lau Siew Kim”):

85 … in some extremely general sense, it is true that “equity follows the law”
and, therefore, equity’s starting assumption is that joint tenants of the
legal estate likewise hold the equitable estate as joint tenants, this
assumption is readily displaced by any of a number of contra-indications that,
regardless of the legal joint tenancy, equitable ownership was intended to
take the form of a tenancy in common…. These contra-indications include cases
of unequal contributions to purchase price and purchasers who are commercial
partners or business tenants.

…

92 The statutory presumption of joint tenancy also requires one to consider
the corresponding application of the equitable tendency towards tenancies in
common as manifested in the presumption of resulting trust arising in
particular circumstances. Under s 53(1) of the LTA, there may exist situations
where co-owners hold land as legal joint tenants without fully appreciating or
voluntarily intending the consequences of such manner of holding; there is,
therefore, room for the intervention of equity to ensure fairness between the
parties. Indeed, although co-owners may be reflected as joint tenants in the
land register, and although they will be treated as joint tenants in so far as
third parties are concerned, this does not preclude the court from
investigating the beneficial ownership of the parties inter se in order to
determine if they are to be treated as joint tenants or tenants in common as
between themselves …

93 At this point, it is pertinent for us to emphasise that it is only where
the registered co-owners of land had not made a conscious and informed choice
to hold as joint tenants at law that equity kicks in to presume a tenancy in
common. In contrast, where co-owners had expressly specified their intention
to hold land in a legal joint tenancy, there would be no cause for equity not
to follow the law; thus, in such instances, legal joint tenants should also be
beneficial joint tenants unless it may be shown that the expressly-stated
choice should be vitiated for some reason. …

…

95 However, given the present s 53(1) of the LTA, there may still be cases
whereby the co-owners of land would have been stated as holding land as joint
tenants as per the default position. It is our view, therefore, that any steps
towards the wholesale renunciation of the equitable presumption, which
mitigates the rigours of a default legal joint tenancy, may presently be
premature. … In our judgment, if cogent evidence is adduced to show that
registered co-owners had in fact exercised their informed and voluntary
intention to hold land as legal joint tenants, and if this evidence is
accepted by the court, then the presumption of resulting trust which may arise
to impose an equitable tenancy in common should be displaced and equity
should, instead, as a matter of course, follow the law. Such evidence could
take the form of sworn testimony from the solicitor attesting to the
completion of the land transfer form, or even from one of the co-owners
concerned; each case must, ultimately, be decided on its facts.

[emphasis in original in italics, emphasis added in bold]

39 Thus, the first question is whether the parents and Chuan Wei did in fact
intend to hold the properties as legal joint tenants, and made an informed
choice to do so. If so, then the equitable estate would also be held in joint
tenancy such that the right of survivorship would apply in respect of the co-
owners’ beneficial interests.

40 Chuan Wei relied on the independent evidence of the lawyers who acted in
the conveyancing. I accept that both did their best to assist the court.
Turning first to the evidence of Mr Joethy, he gave his evidence in terms of
what his practice would have been at that point in time over 20 years ago. His
evidence was that he would have arranged for a Chinese speaking member of his
staff to be present, 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

AEIC of Joethy Ramalingam at para 9.

but he was unable to recall who would have been the actual person translating.
84

##### Foot Note 84

×

Notes of Evidence (“NE”), 7 July 2021, p 110, ln 9 – 17.

He also described his usual practice to explain joint tenancy and tenancy in
common through a simple physical demonstration with his hands and fingers to
show that joint tenants are harder to separate. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

NE, 7 July 2021 pp 107 – 108.

In response to my question whether his evidence was based on a specific
memory, he candidly admitted that his evidence was based on what would have
been his usual practice. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

NE, 7 July 2021, p 111, ln 6 – 9.

While I do not doubt that Mr Joethy provided some explanation concerning the
concept of joint tenancy to the parents in English and that this was
interpreted to them in Chinese, I am not able to find how clear and detailed
it was. His evidence does not of itself show that the parents understood the
implications.

41 Turning next to the evidence of Mr Goh, while he appears to have given a
more personal account of his interactions with the parents, he admitted
candidly that even he is not sure whether the parents understood exactly the
implications of the manner of holding that was chosen. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

NE, 7 July 2021, p 132, ln 19 – 20.

Further, Mr Goh also stated that he did not actually discuss with the parents
their shares of the property or whether they intended Chuan Wei to have the
entirety of the property in the future. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

NE, 7 July 2021, p 134, ln 25 – 32.

42 The evidence of the two lawyers must be weighed against the evidence of
what the parents and Chuan Wei themselves thought and believed. Starting with
the parents, their state of mind must be inferred from evidence of what they
did and said. The mother made her will on 15 June 2012, while the father made
his on 19 May 2018. It is clear that they both attempted to bequeath their
share of the two properties to Luke, which suggests that at the time the wills
were made they believed they were entitled to do so. The question is whether
this was because they had always believed they could do so, or whether they
had originally intended that the properties would vest in Chuan Wei as the
surviving joint tenant but had forgotten this original intention. I leave
aside the possibility that the parents deliberately changed their minds
knowing they had no right to do so as there was really no evidence of this
third possibility. The content of their wills does not by itself favour either
the inference that the parents always believed they were entitled to dispose
of their interest by will or initially understood they could not do so
(without a prior severance of the joint tenancy in equity) but later forgot
this. The same point can be made in respect of the evidence from Mdm Lim,
which I accept, that the father told her a year or two after the mother’s
death that he and his deceased wife wanted the Sunrise property to be shared
by Chuan Wei and Luke, 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

AEIC of Lim Joo Bee Sabine para 30.

which he repeated to her in 2019, also adding that they wanted Luke to have
the AMK property. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

AEIC of Lim Joo Bee Sabine para 31.

What is clear however is that there is no evidence, other than that given by
Chuan Wei, that the parents ever expressed the intention that Chuan Wei should
have the whole of either property.

43 However, Chuan Wei testified and was cross-examined about various documents
that, in my view, shed light on whether he and his parents made any conscious
choice to hold the properties in joint tenancy. I now turn to those documents.

44 These concern communications among the siblings in the few months between
their mother’s death and the day on which her will was read. After the mother
passed away, Geri took the lead in trying to sort out arrangements concerning
the properties and other family matters. I have no doubt that she did so in
good faith. Moreover, at this time, none of the siblings knew the contents of
the mother’s will. Nor did they know the tenure of the properties or any legal
implications that might flow from that tenure. This includes Chuan Wei.
Immediately after the will was read, he wrote an email to Geri and Luke dated
7 October 2013: 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

1AB at p 127.

I don’t know what the properties would be. I suspect that we may have used
joint tenancy for both. I wasn’t involved in the shophouse – I just signed, as
for sunrise, I don’t remember the lawyers explaining the implications so it is
likely that the property may also be joint tenancy as it seems to be the
default.

45 Chuan Wei’s email makes clear that there had been no discussion about the
manner of holding either property. For the AMK property, he just signed
without any explanation being given to him. For the Sunrise property, he did
not remember any explanation and so thought that it would be held in joint
tenancy as “the default”. When something happens by default, it means there
has not been a deliberate choice. Accordingly, I find that prior to the
reading of his mother’s will, Chuan Wei did not know that the legal estate of
the properties was held in joint tenancy, nor did he know of any implications
following from such tenure. In making this finding, I reject his evidence
during cross-examination that his parents told him about the tenure and its
implications in relation to the AMK property; 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

NE, 6 July 2021, p 142.

and for the Sunrise property that he understood the lawyers’ explanations as
meaning that he would inherit the properties automatically upon his parents’
deaths. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

NE, 6 July 2021, p143.

46 Even more tellingly, on the day the will was read, and when the father was
still alive, Chuan Wei said nothing about his parents’ alleged intentions that
he should have the whole of both properties upon their demise. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

NE, 6 July 2021, pp 145 – 146.

If he had done so, Geri and Luke could have spoken to their father to confirm
or deny it. I find that Chuan Wei said nothing about it because at that time
he did not believe that his parents had ever told him such a thing. He has in
the intervening years either made this up or mistakenly convinced himself that
it happened.

47 My conclusion is fortified by the fact that Chuan Wei not only made no such
claim about his parents’ intentions on the day when his mother’s will was read
but also made no mention of it during the preceding discussions. I now turn to
those preceding discussions.

48 The siblings met on 10 August 2013, less than a month after their mother
passed away. Geri sent an email to Chuan Wei and Luke the following day. It is
worth quoting the opening two paragraphs of her email: 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

1AB 98.

Thanks for the discussion yesterday. Good that 3 of us came to an agreement on
division/share and arrangements for payments to be made and that we reaffirmed
that we agreed to respect mom’s legacy/hard earned living and her wishes (i.e.
according to her will, if she has any).

I have pulled together our agreement and understanding as below. We will
proceed as discussed unless there are parts u do not agree.

49 They met again on 25 August 2013. I find that they discussed the agreement
that Geri had pulled together and would have had the document in front of
them. Some changes were made. Two days later, Geri emailed them, referring to
their discussion and attaching what she described as “the doc we agreed upon”.
96

##### Foot Note 96

×

1AB 101.

At that time, Chuan Wei offered no contradiction. The attachment bore the file
name “2013-08-10_Agreement on arrangements for mom & dad (amended for bank
arrg).pdf”. The document took the form of a table and the key points of the
agreement were set out in the first row: 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

1AB 108

(i) Agree to honour that Mom has 1/3 share of (a) [the AMK property] as well
as 1/3 of (b) [the Sunrise property]. Similarly Dad has 1/3 share of (a) [the
AMK property] and (b) [the Sunrise property].

(ii) Agree that Mom’s investment (both cash and CPF into both the properties
will be honoured and upon sale, amount to be refunded to Mom as her residual
assets and allocated according to her will (if any), else as per intestate.

(iii) Agree to honour Mom’s will for distribution of both properties, without
dispute. Intention and first choice is to exercise the will. In the absence of
will, will rely on intestate succession.

(iv) Agree to honour Mom’s will for allocation of all assets, without dispute.

50 The use of the word “honour” indicates that what was captured was an
existing position understood within the family. Thus, at a time when his
father was alive, and so able to corroborate or contradict any assertion by
Chuan Wei that he was to have the entirety of the properties, Chuan Wei agreed
with his siblings that each of his parents had a one third share in each of
the properties. The inference is that he too had a one third share. They also
agreed to honour whatever the mother’s will showed she had chosen to do with
her one third shares, without dispute.

51 I also specifically find that Chuan Wei was not truthful during cross-
examination when he claimed 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

NE, 6 July 2021, p118, lns 18 – 28.

that he did not read the agreement attached to the email. In concluding that
he did in fact read the agreement at the time, I also rely on my observation
of his character as someone who is careful and guarded, including with his
siblings. I am of the view that he would have carefully read every
communication from them that concerned his own interests, and also responded
carefully in return if there was anything with which he did not agree.
Moreover, I am satisfied that Chuan Wei is not someone who would happily give
away anything he believes himself entitled to.

52 Accordingly, I find that he agreed on the four points reproduced in [49]
above. I find that he had read the agreement when it was sent to him by email
and did not respond to disagree with its summary of what had been agreed at
the meetings because he considered it accurate. At that time, Chuan Wei did
not believe that he had any right of survivorship.

53 It is possible that he truly believed he was the favoured son and that his
mother’s will would make a gift of her shares to him, in whole or in part but
that is a different matter from knowing and believing that his parents had
already decided and intended at the time of purchasing the properties that he
would inherit them by the right of survivorship. I find that he did not have
any such belief, and that the parents made no such representation to him.

54 It is a reasonable and compelling inference that if, as the 2013 documents
show, Chuan Wei had no understanding of joint tenancies at the time the
properties were acquired and did not believe that there had been a conscious
choice of joint tenancy, the parents had not in fact made any conscious choice
of joint tenancy. I conclude that the parents did not understand or intend at
the time the properties were purchased that their interests in them would go
to Chuan Wei automatically upon their deaths. I find that the legal estate was
held in joint tenancy only because that was the “default”. It was not their
deliberate and informed choice. Consequently, I hold that in equity, they
purchased the properties as tenants in common, and so, such beneficial
interest as they had in the properties could be bequeathed by them under their
wills.

55 For clarity, I note that these discussions in 2013 are not relied on as
having resulted in an agreement on which Geri and Luke now found their claim.
Rather, they are relied on as evidence of what was known and understood within
the family concerning the properties. This is of assistance in two distinct
ways. First, the discussions completely undercut Chuan Wei’s claim to have
been told by the parents that he would inherit the properties by virtue of the
right of survivorship. Secondly, they are indirect evidence of what the
parents’ intentions were as well, because the siblings appear to have
proceeded based on a family understanding.

56 The evidence of the parties traversed later events and communications in
some detail. However, I am of the view that by 2014 the parties had settled
into antagonistic positions and there is little assistance to be gleaned from
the communications among parties after that. Once the mother’s testamentary
intentions were revealed upon the reading of her will, and as they became
understood and their significance appreciated, the potential for things said
or done to be self-serving grew.

Issue 2: The proportion of beneficial interests in the AMK property

57 I return to the analytic framework set out in Chan Yuen Lan set out at [18]
above.

58 At the first step of the Chan Yuen Lan framework, the question is whether
there is sufficient evidence of the parties’ respective financial
contributions. The parties agree that the parents contributed the entire down
payment for the AMK property and had serviced the mortgage for the AMK
property at least until the mother’s death. At this step, the entirety of the
equitable interest in the property belonged to the parents in equal shares, as
neither the plaintiffs nor Chuan Wei have been able to show intention of any
different apportionment between the father and the mother. As stated by the
Court of Appeal in Su Emmanuel v Emmanuel Priya Ethel Anne and another [2016]
3 SLR 1222 (“Su Emmanuel”) at [87]:

87 In Lau Siew Kim ([77] supra), we addressed the question of whether
subsequent mortgage payments could amount to a direct contribution to the
purchase price for the purpose of establishing a resulting trust. We adopted
(at [112]–[113]) the orthodox conception of the resulting trust as a trust
which crystallises at the time the property is acquired. On this basis, we
concluded (at [117]) that the extent of the parties’ beneficial interests
under a resulting trust must be determined at the time the property is
purchased because that is when the trust arises. In line with this approach,
we held in Lau Siew Kim that subsequent mortgage payments may only be taken
into account if there was a prior agreement between the parties at the time
the mortgage was obtained as to who would repay the mortgage. If, however,
there was no such agreement, then subsequent mortgage payments would not count
as direct contributions. In short, the critical question is whether the
parties were in agreement, at the time of the acquisition of the property, as
to what liability each party would undertake in respect of the mortgage.

59 There was no prior agreement for Chuan Wei to make any contribution to the
mortgage over the AMK property, nor does he allege that there was any
subsequent agreement for him to do so. In fact, Chuan Wei’s own evidence in
court was that he had made mortgage contributions on his own accord, without
any indication or prompting from the parents. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

NE, 6 July 2021, p 59, ln 11 – 19.

Accordingly, any contributions he may have made towards the AMK property would
fall outside any expected mortgage repayments on his part, and equitable
accounting would be brought into play (see Su Emmanuel at [105]). On this
note, as stated in Su Emmanuel at [103], no distinction should be drawn
between payments of capital and interest, and a fortiori any contribution from
CPF monies should not be distinguished from cash repayments as the payment
would enhance the equity of redemption.

60 At the second step of the Chan Yuen Lan framework, the question is whether
there is sufficient evidence of an express or an inferred common intention
that the parties should hold the beneficial interest in the property in a
proportion that is different from that set out in the first step. The Court of
Appeal in Tan Yok Koon v Tan Choo Suan and another and other appeals [2017] 1
SLR 654 (“Tan Yok Koon”) at [110], approved reliance on parties’ subsequent
conduct in rebuttal of a presumption of advancement.

61 For the reasons set out in [45] to [56] above, I do not accept Chuan Wei’s
testimony that his parents told him that they intended him to have the
entirety of their beneficial interest in the AMK property. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

NE, 6 July 2021, p 142, ln 19 – 32.

This addresses the first three steps of the Chan Yuen Lan framework.

62 Turning then to the fourth step of the Chan Yuen Lan framework, the
question is whether there is sufficient evidence that the party who paid a
larger part of the purchase price (here the parents) had intended to benefit
the other party (here Chuan Wei). On the facts, there is no evidence to
support such a finding.

63 At the fifth step of the Chan Yuen Lan framework, the court is asked to
decide if the presumption of advancement would operate to rebut the
presumption of resulting trust. While the parental relationship does give rise
to a presumption of advancement (ie, parent-child relationship), I consider
that there is sufficient evidence of their actual intention, which was not to
benefit Chuan Wei to the exclusion of their other children. I consider that
they retained the entirety of the beneficial interest in the AMK property, and
only later decided, as shown by their wills, to bequeath their interests to
Luke.

64 At the final step of the Chan Yuen Lan framework, the question is whether
there is sufficient and compelling evidence of a subsequent express or
inferred common intention that would alter the proportions in which the
parties are found to have held the property after an application of the first
five steps of the framework. Neither party has pressed such an agreement.
Indeed, they principally differ over what the parents and Chuan Wei’s
intentions were at the time of the original purchase of the properties.

65 There is one conundrum that arises. As I have observed at [50] and [55]
above, the discussions among the siblings in 2013 appear to reflect a family
understanding that Chuan Wei had a one third interest in both properties.
However, Chuan Wei did not in his testimony suggest that during his parents’
lifetimes he owned a one third share of the equitable estate in the AMK
property. His evidence in chief was only that his “parents intended for the
AMK Property to be held in joint tenancy so that they can pass down the
property to [him] when they pass away”. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

AEIC of Lim Chuan Wei at para 20.

Thus, at the time of acquisition, the beneficial interest of the AMK Property
was intended to be held entirely by the parents. Chuan Wei has not relied on
the discussions in 2013 as giving rise to a changed common intention, and I
agree that these discussions cannot be relied on for this purpose because they
did not involve the father.

66 In summary, after applying the various steps of the Chan Yuen Lan
framework, I hold that the beneficial interest in the AMK property remained
with the parents notwithstanding the joint tenancy of the legal estate. What
is left to be decided is the issue of equitable accounting due to Chuan Wei.
Chuan Wei has claimed that he contributed a total of $120,000 to the AMK
property. First, there are two sums of $25,000 and $74,000 for which there is
clear documentary evidence that I accept. Secondly, there is a sum of $21,000
in arrears claimed for the years 2011 to 2013. There is no documentary
evidence of these arrears, but I accept Chuan Wei’s testimony on this point.
It fits with another part of his evidence which was not challenged, namely
that the retail business was unprofitable and the property in a state of
disrepair and neglect. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

NE, 6 July 2021, p 86, ln 1– 30.

Accordingly, the sum of $120,000 is justly accountable to Chuan Wei.

Issue 3: The proportion of beneficial interests in the Sunrise property

67 Applying the Chan Yuen Lan framework, the first step considers the parties’
respective financial contributions.

68 The Sunrise property was purchased for $980,000 in about June 1999, with an
initial down payment of $261,000 and the balance of $719,000 paid by a
mortgage loan taken from DBS. From the start, Chuan Wei contributed
financially, although the amount of his contribution is disputed. While Geri
and Luke dispute the $45,000 that Chuan Wei claims to have contributed towards
the down payment of the house, they do not dispute that Chuan Wei had
contributed $9,500 to the initial payment from his CPF account and thereafter
consistently contributed one-third of the mortgage repayments up until the
father’s passing. As noted in Chan Yuen Lan at [53] to [57], while the
orthodox approach is to determine each party’s share of the beneficial
interest with reference to their contributions to the purchase price of the
property at the time of acquisition, such a strict approach may not be
consonant with the realities of mortgage repayments. Further, in Su Emmanuel
at [87], it was held that subsequent mortgage repayments may be taken into
account if there is a prior agreement between parties concerning the
apportionment of payment of the mortgage. I hold that Chuan Wei was expected
to pay for one third of the Sunrise property in accordance with the parties’
common intention considered in the next paragraph.

69 Turning to the second step of the Chan Yuen Lan framework, I find that the
parents and Chuan Wei had the common intention to hold the Sunrise property in
the proportion of one third each. I infer this from Chuan Wei’s email of 12
June 2013 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

1 AB 96.

written to Luke and copied to Geri just a month before his mother’s untimely
and unexpected demise. This email concerned the proposed sale of the Sunrise
property, but also set out Chuan Wei’s ideas concerning the AMK property. The
email contained details on which Chuan Wei wanted Geri’s and Luke’s agreement,
but the premise on which it was written was that he had a one third share in
the Sunrise property while his parents had two thirds. He proposed a minimum
sale price for the Sunrise property of $1.85 million. After paying off certain
expenses and contributions, including Luke’s, he estimated that the parents’
two thirds of the surplus sale proceeds would be about $700,000 of which some
would be returned to their CPF accounts. With this, they could pay off the
loan for the AMK property (stated to be about $85,000), live there (for the
second floor of which he would bear the cost of renovation up to a cap of
$20,000), and use the leftover monies for their old age.

70 I consider that the stated premise of the parents having a two-thirds share
of the Sunrise property was not something he was merely proposing but
reflected a common intention and understanding known within the family from
the time of the original purchase. That it roughly accorded with the
proportions of contribution supports this inference. It is also significant
that Chuan Wei made this proposal to his parents via Luke, and not directly.
He was cross-examined on this mode of communication, 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

NE, 6 July 2021, pp 103 – 105.

and taken together with other evidence, I find that Chuan Wei was not in truth
the parents’ favourite child and that they were in fact closest to Luke. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

AEIC of LimJoo Bee Sabine, paras 18 and 19.

Of course, it remains possible that Chuan Wei, notwithstanding his apparent
distance from his parents, genuinely believed and continues to believe that he
was their favourite child on account of his being the eldest as well as having
(in his view) superior academic attainments. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

AEIC of Lim Chuan Wei at paras 12 – 13.

71 The third and fourth steps are accordingly not relevant. In relation to the
fifth step, I do not find that the parents had any donative intention toward
Chuan Wei (beyond his having a one third interest in the Sunrise property).
They intended to retain their interests with a view to bequeathing them as
they considered fit.

72 At the final step of the Chan Yuen Lan framework, there is no evidence of
any subsequent express or inferred common intention that changed their
original common intention concerning proportions. Indeed, the contents of the
email discussed at [69] above shows that the original common intention
endured.

73 Turning to Chuan Wei’s submission that he had contributed the bulk of the
mortgage for the Sunrise property, his evidence was inconsistent. In his
affidavit of evidence-in-chief, he claims that he made almost all the mortgage
repayments, 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

AEIC of Lim Chuan Wei at paras 106 – 111.

but when confronted with evidence to indicate that the parents had made
contributions too, he conceded that he “didn’t pay all of it”. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

NE, 6 July 2021, p 68, ln 12.

Crucially, Chuan Wei also admits that the $1,800 which Luke started paying him
monthly in 2012 on the behest of the mother, was used for the repayment of the
mortgage loan, 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

NE, 6 July 2021, p 89, ln 4.

and this is consistent with the multiple emails sent from Chuan Wei in 2014 to
the plaintiffs titled “home loan”, requesting the payment of that monthly
$1,800. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

1AB pp 182, 206, and 225.

Overall, the evidence shows that Chuan Wei did not pay for the mortgage alone,
and taking a broad brush approach, indicates that he had contributed his one-
third share of the Sunrise property up until the death of the parents.

74 I then turn to the lump sum payments that Chuan Wei made, totalling
$271,000, 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

AEIC of Lim Chuan Wei at para 118.

which the plaintiffs do not appear to dispute. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 160.

This was paid after the passing of the parents and departed from the common
understanding of the parties. Accordingly, these sums will be subject to the
remedy of equitable accounting and should be returned to Chuan Wei from the
sale proceeds of the Sunrise property.

75 For completeness, on the facts of this case, I do not accept that any
interest savings resulting from the refinancing of the properties in 2001 are
to be attributed to Chuan Wei.

76 In summary, it is my view that the three named joint tenants owned the
Sunrise property beneficially in equal shares. After accounting for the
$271,000 paid by Chuan Wei, the remainder of the net sales proceeds should be
split into three, with one third given to Chuan Wei and two thirds to Luke.
Two thirds have been paid into court, and so only two thirds of the $271,000
should be deducted from them for payment out to Chuan Wei, while the balance
should be paid out to Geri and Luke as executors of their parents’ estates.

Issue 4: Proprietary estoppel

77 Finally, I turn to the claim of proprietary estoppel raised by Chuan Wei.
It fails for the simple reason that I do not accept that the parents ever
represented to Chuan Wei that he would have the entire legal and beneficial
interest in the properties upon their passing.

Conclusion

78 In conclusion, I find that the AMK property was beneficially owned in equal
shares by the parents, and that Chuan Wei holds the AMK property on trust for
the estates of the parents, to be distributed in accordance with their
respective wills. The estates of the parents are to account to him $60,000
each (totalling $120,000) as reimbursement for Chuan Wei’s payments towards
the discharge of the mortgage of the AMK property.

79 As for to the Sunrise property, I find that the three named joint tenants
had owned the property in equity as tenants in common in equal shares. From
the net proceeds of the sale of the Sunrise property, the sum of $271,000 is
to be accounted to Chuan Wei as reimbursement for his payments towards the
discharge of the mortgage of the Sunrise property.

80 I do not award any interest on the sum that is the subject of equitable
accounting in relation to the AMK Property. For the Sunrise Property, such
interest that has accrued on the monies paid into court should be paid out in
accordance with the proportions ordered in respect of the principal sum
standing in court.

81 I will hear parties on the drafting of the appropriate orders, any
consequential orders, and costs.

Philip Jeyaretnam  
Judge of the High Court|  
  
---|---  
  
Rabi Ahmad s/o M Abdul Ravoof and Joshua Chow Shao Wei (IRB Law LLP) for the
plaintiffs;

Koh Choon Guan Daniel, Clarence Cheang Wei Ming and Raheja Jamaluddin (Eldan
Law LLP) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 26 Nov 2021 (10:48 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

