Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC 134

Originating Summons No 736 of 2020  
(Summons No 310 of 2021)

In the matter of Section 313(5) of the Companies Act (Cap 50)  
---  
  
And

In the matter of Ace Class Precision Engineering Pte Ltd (In Members’
Voluntary Liquidation)  
---  
  
  
Between

| Liquidators of Ace Class Precision Engineering Pte Ltd (In Members’
Voluntary Liquidation)  
---|---  
  
… Applicant

And

(1)| Tan Boon Hwa  
---|---  
(2)| Chin Suling  
(3)| Su Desheng Jacob  
(4) | Alan Ng & Partners  
  
… Respondents

Originating Summons No 737 of 2020  
(Summons No 303 of 2021)

In the matter of Section 313(5) of the Companies Act (Cap 50)  
---  
  
And

In the matter of Qing Lian Precision Pte Ltd (In Members’ Voluntary
Liquidation)  
---  
  
  
Between

| Liquidators of Qing Lian Precision Pte Ltd (In Members’ Voluntary
Liquidation)  
---|---  
  
… Applicant

And

(1)| Sim Chee Wei  
---|---  
(2)| Chin Suling  
(3)| Su Desheng Jacob  
  
… Respondents

Originating Summons No 738 of 2020  
(Summons No 330 of 2021)

In the matter of Section 313(5) of the Companies Act (Cap 50)  
---  
  
And

In the matter of Apex Precision Engineering Pte Ltd (In Members’ Voluntary
Liquidation)  
---  
  
  
Between

| Liquidators of Apex Precision Engineering Pte Ltd (In Members’ Voluntary
Liquidation)  
---|---  
  
… Applicant

And

(1)| Hay Chiak Buang  
---|---  
(2)| Chin Suling  
(3)| Su Desheng Jacob  
  
… Respondents

Originating Summons No 1061 of 2020

In the matter of Section 302 of the Companies Act (Cap 50)  
---  
  
And

In the matter of Ace Class Precision Engineering Pte Ltd (In Members’
Voluntary Liquidation), Apex Precision Engineering Pte Ltd (In Members’
Voluntary Liquidation) and Qing Lian Precision Pte Ltd (In Members’ Voluntary
Liquidation)  
---  
  
  
Between

(1)| Yangbum Engineering Pte Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| Loong Soo Min  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

(1)| Lau Chin Huat  
---|---  
(2)| Yeo Boon Keong  
(3)| Ace Class Precision Engineering Pte Ltd (In Members’ Voluntary
Liquidation)  
(4)| Apex Precision Engineering Pte Ltd (In Members’ Voluntary Liquidation)  
(5)| Qing Lian Precision Pte Ltd (In Members’ Voluntary Liquidation)  
  
… Defendants

grounds of decision

[Companies] — [Winding up] — [Delivery of property to liquidator]

[Companies] — [Winding up] — [Removal of liquidator] — [Standing]

[Companies] — [Winding up] — [Removal of liquidator] — [Cause]

[Companies] — [Winding up] — [Insolvency, Restructuring and Dissolution Act] —
[Operative date]

[Civil Procedure] — [Costs] — [Indemnity costs]

[Civil Procedure] — [Judgments and orders] — [Enforcement] — [Order fixing
time for act to be done]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Liquidators of Ace Class Precision Engineering Pte Ltd

  

(in members’ voluntary liquidation)

  
v

  

Tan Boon Hwa and others and other matters

[2021] SGHC 134

General Division of the High Court — Originating Summons No 736 of 2020
(Summons No 310 of 2021), Originating Summons No 737 of 2020 (Summons No 303
of 2021), Originating Summons No 738 of 2020 (Summons No 330 of 2021) and
Originating Summons No 1061 of 2020  
Tan Siong Thye J  
5 April 2021

3 June 2021

Tan Siong Thye J:

Introduction

1 The applicants in Summons No 310 of 2021 (“SUM 310”), Summons No 303 of 2021
(“SUM 303”) and Summons No 330 of 2021 (“SUM 330”) were the liquidators of Ace
Class Precision Engineering Pte Ltd (“Ace Class”), Qing Lian Precision Pte Ltd
(“Qing Lian”) and Apex Precision Engineering Pte Ltd (“Apex”). Mr Lau Chin
Huat (“Mr Lau”) and Mr Yeo Boon Keong of Technic Inter-Asia Pte Ltd were
appointed as the joint and several liquidators of Ace Class, Qing Lian and
Apex on 30 March 2020. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Affidavit of Loong Soo Min dated 21 October 2020 (“LSM”) at para 38; Affidavit
of Lau Chin Huat dated 16 November 2020 (“LCH”) at paras 2 and 5–6.

I shall refer to the applicants collectively as the “Liquidators” and Ace
Class, Qing Lian and Apex collectively as the “Companies”. The first
respondent in each summons was a director of one of the Companies: Mr Tan Boon
Hwa (a director of Ace Class), 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Affidavit of Tan Boon Hwa dated 31 August 2020 at para 7.

Mr Sim Chee Wei (a director of Qing Lian) 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Affidavit of Sim Chee Wei dated 31 August 2020 at para 7.

and Mr Hay Chiak Buang (a director of Apex). 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Affidavit of Hay Chiak Buang dated 31 August 2020 at para 7.

The second respondent in each summons was Ms Chin Suling (or Ms Chin Shuling)
(“Ms Chin”), an accounts executive employed by Yangbum Engineering Pte Ltd
(“Yangbum”) whose duties included book-keeping for the Companies. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Affidavit of Chin Shuling dated 31 August 2020 at para 4.

The third respondent in each summons was Mr Su Desheng Jacob (“Mr Su”), a
human resource and administrative manager employed by Yangbum. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Affidavit of Su Desheng Jacob dated 31 August 2020 at para 5.

The fourth respondent in SUM 310 was Alan Ng & Partners (“ANP”), an
independent contractor that provided accounting and filing services to Ace
Class. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Affidavit of Alan Ng Tian Luen dated 31 August 2020 (“ANTL”) at para 4.

The Liquidators and ANP had reached an amicable settlement before the hearing.
8

##### Foot Note 8

×

ANTL at paras 5–10.

Thus, it was unnecessary for me to address the issues concerning ANP. I shall,
therefore, refer to the first to third respondents in the summonses
collectively as the “Respondents”.

2 On 29 July 2020, the Liquidators filed Originating Summons No 736 of 2020
(“OS 736”), Originating Summons No 737 of 2020 (“OS 737”) and Originating
Summons No 738 of 2020 (“OS 738”) to seek the orders of the court for the
Respondents to deliver up and surrender all monies, property, books, papers
and other documents belonging and/or relating to the Companies, which were in
their possession, custody or power, to the Liquidators (the “s 313(5)
Applications”). 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

HC/OS 736/2020 (Ace Class); HC/OS 737/2020 (Qing Lian); HC/OS 738/2020 (Apex).

These applications were made under s 313(5) of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006
Rev Ed) (the “Companies Act”) and not s 188(5) of the Insolvency,
Restructuring and Dissolution Act 2018 (Act 40 of 2018) (the “IRDA”) because
the latter came into force on 30 July 2020, one day after the Liquidators’ s
313(5) Applications were filed. Section 313(5) of the Companies Act was
repealed and re-enacted as s 188(5) of the IRDA. On 2 October 2020, I made the
orders under s 313(5) sought by the Liquidators (the “October 2020 Orders”).
10

##### Foot Note 10

×

HC/ORC 5541/2020 (Ace Class); HC/ORC 5527/2020 (Qing Lian); HC/ORC 5521/2020
(Apex).

On 20 January 2021, the Liquidators filed SUM 310, SUM 303 and SUM 330, to
apply for orders for the Respondents to comply with the October 2020 Orders
within five days from the date of the orders sought. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

HC/SUM 310/2021; HC/SUM 303/2021; HC/SUM 330/2021.

3 The plaintiffs in Originating Summons No 1061 of 2020 (“OS 1061”) were
Yangbum and Mr Loong Soo Min (“Mr Loong”). The first and second defendants
were the Liquidators and the third to fifth defendants were the Companies. In
OS 1061, Yangbum and Mr Loong applied for the removal of the Liquidators as
the liquidators of the Companies. Yangbum and Mr Loong also applied for one Mr
Lin Yueh Hung and one Mr Ng Kian Kiat of RSM Corporate Advisory Pte Ltd to
replace the Liquidators. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

HC/OS 1061/2020.

4 On 5 April 2021, I heard SUM 310, SUM 303 and SUM 330 together with OS 1061.
After having considered the parties’ written submissions and the oral
submissions at the hearing, I granted the Liquidators’ applications in SUM
310, SUM 303 and SUM 330, save that I allowed the Respondents four weeks
(instead of five days) from the date of the orders to produce the documents as
requested by the Liquidators. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

HC/ORC 2105/2021; HC/ORC 2103/2021; HC/ORC 2104/2021.

I dismissed Yangbum and Mr Loong’s application for the removal of the
Liquidators in OS 1061. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

HC/ORC 2102/2021.

At the conclusion of the hearing, I gave brief reasons for my decision.

5 The Respondents in SUM 310, SUM 303 and SUM 330, 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Notice of Appeal to the Court of Appeal in CA/CA 24/2021 (SUM 310); Notice of
Appeal to the Court of Appeal in CA/CA 27/2021 (SUM 303); Notice of Appeal in
CA/CA 25/2021 (SUM 330).

and Yangbum and Mr Loong in OS 1061, 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Notice of Appeal to the Court of Appeal in CA/CA 26/2021 (OS 1061).

have appealed against my decision. I now set out my reasons in full.

Background to the dispute

Relationship between Mr Loong and Ms Liang

6 Mr Loong married Ms Liang Xihong (“Ms Liang”) in 1994. In 1997, Yangbum was
incorporated with Mr Loong and Ms Liang each holding 50% of its shares. Mr
Loong was Yangbum’s sole director. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

LSM at paras 7–9.

Subsequently, Mr Loong and Ms Liang obtained a divorce in 2014 and Ms Liang
married one Mr Zhang Shengqiang (“Mr Zhang”) in 2015. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

LSM at para 8.

The Companies

7 Six companies were incorporated to undertake subcontract work exclusively
for Yangbum. These included Ace Class and Apex (incorporated on 1 July 2008)
and Qing Lian (incorporated on 8 October 2008). 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

LSM at paras 10, 11(e), 12 and 14.

The registered offices of the Companies were located in the same building as
Yangbum’s registered office.

8 Ms Liang was the sole registered shareholder of the Companies. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

LSM at paras 11(a) and 11(c).

However, Mr Loong claimed to be the beneficial owner of the Companies. The
issue of whether Mr Loong is the beneficial owner of the Companies is the
subject of separate proceedings in Suit No 345 of 2020 (“S 345”), which are
still ongoing. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

LSM at paras 11 and 15; Plaintiffs’ Written Submissions (“PWS”) at para 10;
First and Second Defendants’ Written Submissions dated 29 March 2021 (“DWS”)
at para 8.

9 On 12 March 2020, Ms Liang and Mr Zhang were appointed as directors of the
Companies. The other directors of the Companies were the first respondents in
SUM 310, SUM 303 and SUM 330. These other directors had been appointed by Mr
Loong and took instructions from him. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

LSM at para 32 and pp 82–90.

Liquidation of the Companies

10 On 30 March 2020, extraordinary general meetings of the Companies were held
and special resolutions were passed placing the Companies in members’
voluntary liquidation.

11 Yangbum was the most significant creditor of each of the Companies. On 23
October 2020, 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

LCH at para 8.

Yangbum submitted proofs of debt of $4,144,448.40 for Ace Class, $3,257,258.71
for Qing Lian and $3,483,440.64 for Apex. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

LSM at para 56.

The provisional debt owed by the Companies to Yangbum, therefore, amounted to
more than $10.8m. However, the Liquidators had yet to adjudicate these proofs
of debt. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

LCH at para 8.

12 Following their appointment, the Liquidators made repeated requests for the
delivery up and surrender of all monies, property, books, papers and other
documents belonging and relating to the Companies, and which were in the
Respondents’ possession, custody or power. However, these were not
forthcoming. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

LCH at paras 25–30 and 42–56.

On 29 July 2020, the Liquidators filed the s 313(5) Applications (OS 736, OS
737 and OS 738) seeking orders for the delivery up and surrender of these
items. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

HC/OS 736/2020; HC/OS 737/2020; HC/OS 738/2020.

Section 313(5) of the Companies Act, which was repealed and re-enacted as s
188(5) of the IRDA) with effect from 30 July 2020, provided as follows:

Delivery of property to liquidator

(5) The Court may require any contributory, trustee, receiver, banker, agent
or officer of the company to pay, deliver, convey, surrender or transfer to
the liquidator or provisional liquidator immediately or within such time as
the Court directs any money, property, books and papers in his hands to which
the company is prima facie entitled.

13 At the hearing of the s 313(5) Applications on 2 October 2020, I was
satisfied that the Liquidators had satisfied the requirements of s 313(5) of
the Companies Act. Accordingly, I made the October 2020 Orders. In particular,
I ordered the Respondents to provide soft copies of most of the documents
sought by the Liquidators in both Portable Document Format and Microsoft Excel
form.

14 Subsequently, on 21 October 2020, Yangbum and Mr Loong applied for the
removal of the Liquidators pursuant to s 302 of the Companies Act (now s 174
of the IRDA), on the ground that this would be in the real, substantial and
honest interest of the liquidation of the Companies and would advance the
purposes for which they were appointed. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

HC/OS 1061/2020.

15 At the time of the hearing of the s 313(5) Applications, the Liquidators
had not received a complete set of the Companies’ books and assets. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

LCH at para 81.

Further, although some hard copy documents had been delivered to the
Liquidators’ office, these documents were incomplete and soft copies were not
provided. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

LCH at paras 75–81.

Consequently, on 20 January 2021, the Liquidators applied under O 45 r 6 of
the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed) (the “ROC”) for orders that the
Respondents comply with the October 2020 Orders within five days from the date
of the orders.

The parties’ cases

SUM 310, SUM 303 and SUM 330

The Liquidators’ case

16 The Liquidators contended that, notwithstanding the clear terms of the
October 2020 Orders, the Respondents had contumeliously failed, neglected
and/or refused to comply with them. The Liquidators emphasised that six months
had passed since the October 2020 Orders, yet they had not received a complete
set of all the Companies’ books and assets from the Respondents or Yangbum. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Applicants’ Written Submissions dated 29 March 2021 (“AWS”) at para 9.

17 In these circumstances, the Liquidators submitted that it would be in the
interests of the liquidation process of the Companies for the court to impose
a tight deadline for the Respondents to comply with the October 2020 Orders.
The Respondents had already been given plenty of time to comply with the
Liquidators’ requests for the Companies’ books and assets pursuant to the
October 2020 Orders. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

AWS at paras 26–28.

The Respondents’ case

18 The Respondents characterised the Liquidators’ requests for the Companies’
books and assets as a “witch-hunt” against Mr Loong and Yangbum’s affiliates,
serving “no purpose other than to vex and oppress, rather than to further the
liquidation process”. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Respondents’ Written Submissions dated 29 March 2021 (“RWS”) at paras 2, 4 and
6.

According to the Respondents, there was no relevant contumelious conduct that
would warrant granting the Liquidators’ applications. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

RWS at paras 6(b), 22(c), 25–33 and 40–52.

19 The Respondents further submitted that if the court was, nevertheless,
minded to grant the orders sought by the Liquidators, the timeframe for
compliance with the October 2020 Orders should be four months. The Respondents
argued that the timeframe of five days proposed by the Liquidators would be
“unrealistic and oppressive” to the Respondents and Yangbum. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

RWS at paras 7 and 53–61.

OS 1061

Yangbum and Mr Loong’s case

20 Yangbum and Mr Loong submitted that they had a legitimate interest in the
removal of the Liquidators under s 302 of the Companies Act (now s 174 of the
IRDA). As Yangbum was a major creditor of the Companies for $10.8m and Mr
Loong claimed to be the beneficial owner of the Companies, they argued that
they had the greatest interest in the liquidation of the Companies. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

PWS at paras 41–43 and 58–62

21 Yangbum and Mr Loong further submitted that the Liquidators should be
removed as they were clearly biased in favour of Ms Liang. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

PWS at para 49.

This submission was based on seven categories of allegations: 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

PWS at paras 15–31 and 52–53.

(a) that one of the Liquidators had trespassed into Yangbum’s office together
with Ms Liang (the “Trespass Allegation”);

(b) that the Liquidators had a prior professional relationship with Ms Liang
as her accountants (the “Prior Relationship Allegation”);

(c) that the Liquidators irrationally targeted Mr Loong and his affiliates at
Yangbum for documents while not filing any similar applications against Ms
Liang (the “Irrational Targeting Allegation”);

(d) that the Liquidators placed undue reliance on the declarations of solvency
made by Ms Liang and Mr Zhang (the “Declarations of Solvency Allegation”);

(e) that the Liquidators refused to withdraw their consent to act as the
Companies’ liquidators after being informed of Mr Loong’s claim to be the
beneficial owner of the Companies (the “Refusal to Withdraw Allegation”);

(f) that the Liquidators threatened to terminate the employment of all of the
Companies’ employees (the “Termination of Employees Allegation”); and

(g) that the Liquidators made no effort to adjudicate Yangbum’s proofs of debt
(the “Proofs of Debt Allegation”).

22 In addition, Yangbum and Mr Loong submitted that there were no significant
practical obstacles to the removal of the Liquidators. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

PWS at paras 13, 50 and 54–57.

The Liquidators’ case

23 The Liquidators submitted that Yangbum and Mr Loong did not have standing
to apply for their removal under s 302 of the Companies Act (now s 174 of the
IRDA). They argued that, in a solvent liquidation, the only parties with an
interest in the ultimate distribution of the company’s assets were the
contributories of the company, ie, the shareholders. As the Companies were in
solvent liquidation, Yangbum (as a purported creditor) had no standing to
apply for the removal of the Liquidators. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

DWS at paras 17, 22 and 24–26.

Further, even if Mr Loong were to succeed in establishing that he had a
beneficial interest in the Companies in S 345, a beneficial owner of a
company’s shares was neither a creditor nor a contributory of a company within
the definition in s 4(1) of the Companies Act. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

DWS at para 27.

As Mr Loong was neither a registered shareholder of the Companies, nor
reflected as a shareholder, director or beneficial owner in any of the
Companies’ financial statements, he had no real interest in the liquidation of
the Companies. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

DWS at paras 42–43.

24 With regard to the grounds for their removal, the Liquidators denied each
and every allegation of bias made by Yangbum and Mr Loong. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

DWS at para 10.

The Liquidators contended that they had acted to advance the interests and
purpose of the liquidation of the Companies from the outset of their
appointment. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

DWS at paras 11(d) and 66.

The acts relied on by Yangbum and Mr Loong to allege bias on the part of the
Liquidators did not demonstrate actual bias or create a reasonable perception
of bias in the mind of a rational creditor or contributory. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

DWS at paras 11(d) and 75–76.

On the contrary, the Liquidators argued that the application for their removal
was merely another attempt by Yangbum, Mr Loong and the Respondents to
frustrate the liquidation of the Companies. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

DWS at para 11(d).

Issues to be determined

25 Two issues arose for my determination in respect of SUM 310, SUM 303 and
SUM 330:

(a) Should the court exercise its discretion to make an order fixing time for
compliance under O 45 r 6(2) of the ROC in the present case?

(b) If so, what was the appropriate timeframe for the Respondents to comply
with the October 2020 Orders?

26 In respect of OS 1061, there were two issues for my determination:

(a) What was the applicable test to determine whether an applicant had
standing to apply for the removal of a liquidator? In view of this, did
Yangbum and Mr Loong have standing to apply for the removal of the
Liquidators?

(b) Did Yangbum and Mr Loong show cause for the removal of the Liquidators?

27 I shall address each of these issues in turn.

My decision

SUM 310, SUM 303 and SUM 330

The applicable law

28 Order 45 r 6(2) of the ROC provides as follows:

Judgment, etc., requiring act to be done: Order fixing time for doing it (O.
45, r. 6)

6.— … (2) Where, notwithstanding Order 42, Rule 6(1), or by reason of Order
42, Rule 6(2), a judgment or order requiring a person to do an act does not
specify a time within which the act is to be done, the Court shall have power
subsequently to make an order requiring the act to be done within such time
after service of that order, or such other time, as may be specified therein.

[emphasis added]

29 The principles applicable to the exercise of the court’s discretion to make
an order under O 45 r 6(2) were set out by the Court of Appeal in Mok Kah Hong
v Zheng Zhuan Yao [2016] 3 SLR 1 (“Mok Kah Hong”). The ultimate question was
whether there was “sufficient material” before the court to warrant the
exercise of its discretion under O 45 r 6(2). The exercise of this discretion
would necessarily turn on the precise facts of each case. In most cases,
evidence demonstrating “some form of contumelious conduct” would likely
suffice, whereas a one-off failure to comply with an order for the payment of
money was unlikely to suffice. If the person having to comply with the order
had not manifested any intention to comply with the order, the court should be
slow to accede to any request for an extended timeframe for compliance as this
might have the unintended effect of further delaying or frustrating the
applicant’s attempt to enforce the order (Mok Kah Hong at [46]–[47]).

30 However, the court would also take into account any potential prejudice
which might be occasioned to the person having to comply with the order. Where
administrative or logistical difficulties were likely to arise in the course
of effecting compliance with the order, the court should adopt a practical
approach in balancing the interests of both parties (Mok Kah Hong at [47]).

31 In Mok Kah Hong, the parties were a husband and wife undergoing divorce
proceedings. A court order had been made dividing the parties’ matrimonial
assets between them. The wife applied for an order specifying the timeframe
within which the husband had to pay her a sum of money to which she was
entitled. The Court of Appeal was satisfied that there was sufficient material
to warrant the exercise of its discretion under O 45 r 6(2) because the
husband had already breached various other court orders and had been
“extremely uncooperative” in complying with those orders. Further, the husband
had filed an application to stay the wife’s enforcement proceedings and to
vary the lump sum maintenance order that had been made, in spite of the fact
that the Court of Appeal had already affirmed the maintenance order in the
substantive appeal. In these circumstances, the Court of Appeal found that the
husband’s attempt to vary the lump sum maintenance order was “no more than a
disingenuous attempt to frustrate the wife’s enforcement proceedings by way of
relitigating the issues already decided in the substantive appeal” (Mok Kah
Hong at [52]).

32 The principles set out in Mok Kah Hong were subsequently applied in Viking
Engineering Pte Ltd v Feen, Bjornar and others [2019] SGHC 158 (“Viking
Engineering”). In Viking Engineering, the parties had agreed that the
defendant would pay the costs of an independent valuation ordered as a result
of the suit. However, the defendant failed to do so. Valerie Thean J exercised
her discretion to make an order under O 45 r 6(2) as the defendant had not
demonstrated any intention to comply with the agreed order. Instead, he had
demonstrated contumelious conduct by failing to cooperate, ignoring the
independent valuer’s requests and requirements, and attempting to put off his
potential liability (Viking Engineering at [25]–[26]).

The parties’ submissions

(1) The Liquidators’ submissions

33 The Liquidators relied on the following facts to demonstrate the
Respondents’ contumelious conduct vis-à-vis the October 2020 Orders:

(a) The Liquidators wrote to the Respondents as early as 5 October 2020 and on
four occasions since the making of the October 2020 Orders to remind the
Respondents of their obligations to deliver up and surrender the Companies’
books and assets. Yet, the Respondents failed, refused or neglected to deliver
a complete set of all of the Companies’ books and assets to the Liquidators.
47

##### Foot Note 47

×

AWS at paras 14, 21(a) and 24(a).

(b) The documents that were delivered by the Respondents to the Liquidators
were incomplete and deliberately provided in a selective, haphazard and
piecemeal manner to frustrate and delay the Liquidators’ work. Instead of
providing the Liquidators with the soft copies of the requested documents, the
Respondents chose to generate and print hard copies of each and every
document. This demonstrated the Respondents’ lack of good faith in cooperating
with the Liquidators towards the fulfilment of the October 2020 Orders, and
pointed towards the Respondents’ (and Yangbum’s) ultimate objective of
stifling the liquidation of the Companies. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

AWS at paras 21 and 24(c).

(c) Although three months had passed since the filing of these applications in
January 2021 and six months had passed since the making of the October 2020
Orders, the Respondents simply sat on their hands and came up with further
excuses to delay the delivery of the Companies’ books and assets to the
Liquidators. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

AWS at para 24(d).

(d) Notwithstanding my findings in relation to s 313(5) of the Companies Act
and the October 2020 Orders, the Respondents insisted on maintaining the
position that the Companies’ books and assets are not in their possession or
power. Instead, the Respondents claimed that these books and assets were only
in Yangbum’s possession, control or power and that they could only act in
accordance with Yangbum’s instructions. This was a rehash of the arguments
that the Respondents had raised, unsuccessfully, at the hearing of the s
313(5) Applications on 2 October 2020. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

AWS at paras 16–19 and 24(b).

34 In view of the above, the Liquidators emphasised that allowing the
Respondents to continue their contumelious breach of the October 2020 Orders
would be extremely detrimental to the liquidation process of the Companies. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

AWS at para 25.

35 The Liquidators further submitted that it would be in the interests of the
liquidation process for the court to impose a tight deadline for the
Respondents to comply with the October 2020 Orders. According to the
Liquidators, no prejudice would be occasioned to the Respondents by the
imposition of a tight deadline. The Liquidators’ first request for the
Companies’ books and assets was made to the Respondents on 31 March 2020. By
the time the present applications were heard on 5 April 2021, the Respondents
had already had six months since the making of the October 2020 Orders and
three months since the filing of the present applications to deliver up a
complete set of the Companies’ books and assets to the Liquidators. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

AWS at para 13.

On the other hand, severe prejudice had been caused and continued to be caused
to the liquidation process by the Respondents’ wilfully evasive and highly
uncooperative behaviour, which had wasted significant time and costs. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

AWS at paras 26–28.

(2) The Respondents’ submissions

36 On the other hand, the Respondents contended that there was no relevant
contumelious conduct on their part that would warrant granting the
Liquidators’ applications. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

RWS at paras 6(b), 22(c), 25–33 and 40–52.

37 First, the Respondents submitted that the Liquidators took a targeted
approach from the outset whereby they badgered Mr Loong and his affiliates for
documents under the guise of attempting to administer the liquidation, while
giving Ms Liang and her affiliates a “free pass”. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

RWS at para 4.

The Respondents alleged that, despite being aware that Ms Liang had wrongfully
carted away around 30 boxes of documents belonging to Yangbum in March 2019,
the Liquidators were content to simply target the Respondents. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

RWS at para 22(d).

These allegations of bias on the part of the Liquidators formed the subject of
OS 1061, 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

RWS at para 23.

which I shall deal with later in these grounds of decision. The Respondents
submitted that when the Liquidators’ applications were viewed against this
background, it was clear that these applications were brought for the
extraneous purpose of vexing and oppressing the Respondents and Yangbum. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

RWS at para 24.

38 Secondly, the Respondents submitted that the Companies’ sole purpose was to
undertake subcontract work for Yangbum. Yangbum had already filed proofs of
debt amounting to $10.8m. The Liquidators’ key tasks were to adjudicate
Yangbum’s proofs of debt and to value the fixed assets of the Companies for
the purpose of liquidating them. It was unclear how the documents sought by
the Liquidators related to these key tasks. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

RWS at paras 6(a) and 22(b).

39 Thirdly, the Respondents submitted that they acted reasonably and did their
utmost to hand over all documents to the Liquidators. The Respondents did not
have possession, custody or power over the Companies’ records, which were
instead in Yangbum’s possession. This was because the administrative, human
resource and book-keeping functions of the Companies were outsourced to
Yangbum and entirely undertaken by Yangbum employees. In particular, although
Ms Chin and Mr Su (the second and third respondents) were involved in
maintaining the Companies’ financial and human resource records, this work was
done purely in their capacities as employees of Yangbum. They were never
employees of the Companies and they could access the Companies’ books and
assets only to the extent necessary to carry out Yangbum’s instructions.
Yangbum made clear that it would release these records directly to the
Liquidators and designated Mr Su to act as its liaison in this respect.
Further, notwithstanding that it was a non-party to the October 2020 Orders,
Yangbum had consistently endeavoured to comply with the Liquidators’ requests
by preparing and delivering a large proportion of the documents specified in
the October 2020 Orders to the Liquidators, at least in hard copy form, on
multiple occasions. Yangbum also indicated that further documents were
forthcoming and was prepared to continue to assist in the preparation and
delivery of the Companies’ records. As such, there was no relevant
contumelious conduct that would warrant granting the Liquidators’
applications. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

RWS at paras 6(b), 22(c), 25–33 and 40–52.

40 The Respondents submitted that if the court was nevertheless minded to
grant the orders sought by the Liquidators, the timeframe imposed for
compliance with the October 2020 Orders should be four months instead of the
shorter timeframe of five days proposed by the Liquidators. According to the
Respondents, a timeframe of five days would be “unrealistic and oppressive” to
the Respondents and Yangbum. The Liquidators sought a large volume of
documents, many of which had not yet been prepared by the Respondents or were
otherwise not readily available. Further, Yangbum was operating with seriously
diminished manpower due to business continuity measures arising from the
COVID-19 pandemic. Therefore, the Respondents contended that a timeframe of
five days would occasion significant prejudice to, and cause administrative
and logistical difficulties for, the Respondents and Yangbum. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

RWS at paras 7 and 53–61.

(3) Developments at the hearing

41 During the hearing on 5 April 2021, in view of the stark difference between
the timeframes proposed by the Liquidators and the Respondents, I encouraged
counsel for both parties to discuss the possibility of a mutually agreed
timeframe. I also suggested that the parties consider differentiated
timeframes for different categories of documents and property. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Certified Transcript (5 April 2021), p 90 at lines 6–17.

42 The parties were unable to reach a consensus. Nevertheless, counsel for the
Liquidators was prepared to accept a timeframe of two weeks for the
Respondents to hand over the Companies’ fixed assets, Quickbook Pro 2015
accounting software, and server, storage and backup vault for the storage of
the soft copy documents sought by the Liquidators, and a timeframe of one
month for all other items. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Certified Transcript (5 April 2021), p 104 at lines 3–20.

43 On the other hand, counsel for the Respondents submitted that a timeframe
of two months for the Respondents to comply with the October 2020 Orders would
be reasonable, instead of the timeline of four months which the Respondents
originally sought. However, counsel for the Respondents requested the court to
make a direction instead of an order, on the ground that the threshold of
contumelious conduct set out in Mok Kah Hong had not been reached. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Certified Transcript (5 April 2021), p 107 at lines 7–21 and p 111 at lines
7–13.

My findings

(1) Whether the court should exercise its discretion to make orders under O 45
r 6(2) of the ROC

44 First, it bears emphasising that the Liquidators’ applications in SUM 310,
SUM 303 and SUM 330 were applications for orders under O 45 r 6(2) of the ROC.
These were not applications for orders under s 313(5) of the Companies Act. I
had made the October 2020 Orders sought by the Liquidators under s 313(5) at
the hearing on 2 October 2020 as I was satisfied that the requirements of s
313(5) were satisfied. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Certified Transcript (2 October 2020), p 73 at lines 3–6.

No appeal was filed against the October 2020 Orders. The present proceedings
were, therefore, not the appropriate forum to relitigate the issues raised in
the s 313(5) Applications. Instead, the issue to be determined in the present
proceedings was whether there was “sufficient material” before me to warrant
the exercise of my discretion to make the orders sought by the Liquidators
under O 45 r 6(2).

45 After having considered the submissions made by both parties, I was of the
view that there was indeed sufficient material to warrant the making of orders
under O 45 r 6(2) fixing a time for the Respondents to comply with the October
2020 Orders.

46 The clear terms of the October 2020 Orders required the Respondents to
deliver up and surrender all monies, property, books, papers and/or other
documents belonging and/or relating to each of the Companies, which were in
their possession, custody or power, to the Liquidators. It was not disputed
that the Respondents had not yet done so, despite repeated requests by the
Liquidators. While the Respondents could be said to have manifested some
intention to comply with the October 2020 Orders by delivering many documents
to the Liquidators, albeit in hard copy form, the Respondents’ inexplicable
refusal to provide soft copies of these documents (as I had ordered them to do
in the October 2020 Orders) indicated their unwillingness to comply with the
terms of the October 2020 Orders and disclosed their failure to cooperate with
the Liquidators. The haphazard, piecemeal and incomplete manner in which the
Respondents delivered these documents further supports this finding.

47 In addition, it appeared that the Respondents were attempting to relitigate
points in these proceedings that had already been resolved in the Liquidators’
favour when I made the October 2020 Orders. In particular, the Respondents
argued that they did not have possession, custody or power over the Companies’
books and assets as Ms Chin and Mr Su performed financial and human resource
work for the Companies purely in their capacities as employees of Yangbum (see
[39] above). However, this argument had already been raised, unsuccessfully,
by counsel for the Respondents at the hearing on 2 October 2020. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

See, eg, Certified Transcript (2 October 2020), p 19 at lines 8–11 and p 39 at
lines 17–24.

48 The Respondents also submitted that the Liquidators’ applications were
brought for an extraneous purpose and that it was unclear how the documents
sought by the Liquidators related to their key tasks (see [37]–[38] above). I
was unable to accept these submissions. Section 313(5) of the Companies Act
provided a statutory mechanism for liquidators to obtain the books and assets
of a company in liquidation. Such books and assets are necessary for
liquidators to discharge their duties. As the requirements of s 313(5) had
been satisfied, I made the October 2020 Orders to give effect to this
statutory mechanism. The Respondents could not now argue that the books and
assets sought were unrelated to the Liquidators’ tasks or that the
Liquidators’ applications were made for an extraneous purpose.

49 Bearing in mind the guidance set out in Mok Kah Hong and Viking
Engineering, I found that there was evidence of contumelious conduct on the
part of the Respondents. I, therefore, exercised my discretion to make an
order under O 45 r 6(2) of the ROC fixing a time for the Respondents to comply
with the October 2020 Orders.

50 At this point, I note that the possibility of fixing a time for compliance
with the October 2020 Orders was raised by counsel for the Liquidators at the
hearing of the s 313(5) Applications on 2 October 2020. Counsel for the
Respondents had justifiably resisted this on the ground that the Liquidators
had not sought the imposition of a timeframe in the s 313(5) Applications.
Counsel for the Respondents had further remarked that if the Respondents
failed to comply with the October 2020 Orders, the Liquidators would “have
their rights”. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Certified Transcript (2 October 2020), p 80 at lines 14–25; Certified
Transcript (5 April 2021), p 96 at lines 9–24 and p 97 at lines 1–18.

In my view, enforcing their “rights” was precisely what the Liquidators were
seeking to do by filing SUM 310, SUM 303 and SUM 330.

(2) The appropriate timeframe

51 The Court of Appeal stated in Mok Kah Hong (at [47]) that the court should
adopt a practical approach in balancing the interests of both parties where
administrative or logistical difficulties were likely to arise in the course
of effecting compliance with the order.

52 In my view, the timeframe of five days originally proposed by the
Liquidators was unrealistic in the circumstances. However, I agreed with the
Liquidators’ submission that acceding to the Respondents’ request for an
extended timeframe for compliance might have the unintended effect of further
delaying their attempts to enforce the October 2020 Orders. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

AWS at para 13.

Given that more than a year had passed since the Liquidators’ first request
for the Companies’ books and assets (on 31 March 2020) 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

LCH at para 25.

and six months had passed since the making of the October 2020 Orders (on 2
October 2020), I was of the view that a timeframe of four weeks would be fair
to both parties. As the Respondents had already had six months to comply with
the terms of the October 2020 Orders, I was satisfied that a timeframe of four
weeks would not be prejudicial to the Respondents.

53 I, therefore, ordered the Respondents to comply with the October 2020
Orders within four weeks from the date of the orders.

Conclusion on SUM 310, SUM 303 and SUM 330

54 For the foregoing reasons, I found that there was sufficient material to
warrant the making of orders under O 45 r 6(2) as there was evidence of
contumelious conduct on the part of the Respondents. I gave the Respondents
four weeks to comply with the October 2020 Orders.

OS 1061

55 I turn now to Yangbum and Mr Loong’s application for the removal of the
Liquidators. In order to succeed in this application, Yangbum and Mr Loong had
to cross two hurdles: first, they had to have standing to bring the
application; and second, they had to show cause for the removal of the
Liquidators.

Standing to apply for the removal of the Liquidators

(1) The applicable law

56 As a preliminary point, I wish to comment on the proper statutory provision
under which OS 1061 should have been made. This preliminary issue required the
determination of the operative date of the IRDA and the date OS 1061 was
filed.

57 As explained at the Second Reading of the Insolvency, Restructuring and
Dissolution Bill (Bill No 32/2018), the IRDA was enacted to consolidate all
statutory provisions relating to corporate and personal insolvency and debt
restructuring, which were previously found in the Companies Act and the
Bankruptcy Act (Cap 20, 2009 Rev Ed), into a single Act. This was to enhance
the clarity, certainty and accessibility of these areas of law (Singapore
Parliamentary Debates, Official Report (1 October 2018) vol 94 (Edwin Tong
Chun Fai, Senior Minister of State for Law, for the Minister for Law).
Accordingly, the relevant provisions dealing with corporate insolvency and
restructuring under the Companies Act, the Bankruptcy Act and other
consequential and related statutory provisions were repealed and re-enacted
under the IRDA.

58 OS 1061 was filed on 21 October 2020, after the IRDA came into force on 30
July 2020. Thus, Yangbum and Mr Loong’s application for the removal of the
Liquidators should have been made under s 174 of the IRDA. In Yangbum and Mr
Loong’s submissions, they explained that s 302 of the Companies Act was
applicable because the liquidation of the Companies was commenced before 30
July 2020. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

PWS at para 40.

I disagreed with this reasoning. The relevant time for determining whether the
Companies Act or the IRDA applied was the date of the application, ie, 21
October 2020. By this date, s 302 of the Companies Act had already been
repealed and s 174 of the IRDA had come into force. Hence, OS 1061 should have
been made under s 174 of the IRDA, instead of s 302 of the Companies Act.

59 As s 174 of the IRDA is identical to s 302 of the Companies Act, the same
principles regarding standing applied under both provisions. However, I shall
refer to s 174 of the IRDA in explaining my findings and decision as the
application should rightly have been made under this provision.

60 Section 174 of the IRDA (formerly s 302 of the Companies Act) provides as
follows:

Removal of liquidator

174. The Court may, on cause shown, remove a liquidator and appoint another liquidator.

61 The plain text of s 174 did not place any restrictions on who could apply
for the removal of a liquidator. However, in my view, that did not mean that
anyone and everyone who was able to show cause would have standing to bring an
application under s 174. In the absence of any decisions by the Singapore
courts expressly addressing this point, I found the Privy Council’s decision
in Deloitte & Touche AG v Johnson and another [1999] 1 WLR 1605 (“Deloitte”)
instructive. Lord Millett, delivering the judgment of the Privy Council,
explained that the question of standing required the court to consider two
distinct issues. Lord Millett’s remarks (at 1611) are worth setting out in
full:

[T]wo different kinds of case must be distinguished when considering the
question of a party's standing to make an application to the court. The first
occurs when the court is asked to exercise a power conferred on it by statute.
In such a case the court must examine the statute to see whether it identifies
the category of person who may make the application. This goes to the
jurisdiction of the court, for the court has no jurisdiction to exercise a
statutory power except on the application of a person qualified by the statute
to make it. The second is more general. Where the court is asked to exercise a
statutory power or its inherent jurisdiction, it will act only on the
application of a party with a sufficient interest to make it. This is not a
matter of jurisdiction. It is a matter of judicial restraint. Orders made by
the court are coercive. Every order of the court affects the freedom of action
of the party against whom it is made and sometimes (as in the present case) of
other parties as well. It is, therefore, incumbent on the court to consider
not only whether it has jurisdiction to make the order but whether the
applicant is a proper person to invoke the jurisdiction.

[emphasis added]

62 Hence, notwithstanding that s 174 did not specifically identify the
category of persons who could apply for the removal of a liquidator, the court
would nevertheless “act only on the application of a party with a sufficient
interest” to make the application, as a matter of “judicial restraint”.

63 Deloitte was decided based on s 106(1) of the Cayman Islands’ Companies Law
(1995 Revision), the wording of which was substantially similar to s 174 of
the IRDA. The Privy Council held that s 106(1) did not limit the category of
persons who could make the application, but that the plaintiff nevertheless
had to have a “legitimate interest” in the relief sought (at 1611). On the
facts of Deloitte, which concerned the liquidation of an insolvent company,
the Privy Council found (at 1611) that:

The only persons who could have any legitimate interest of their own in having
the liquidators removed from office as liquidators are the persons entitled to
participate in the ultimate distribution of the company’s assets, that is to
say the creditors.

[emphasis added]

64 Therefore, in my view, the applicable test for determining whether an
applicant had standing to apply for the removal of a liquidator under s 174 of
the IRDA was whether the applicant had a legitimate interest in the removal of
the liquidator. In ascertaining whether an applicant had such a legitimate
interest, the court would consider whether he was entitled to participate in
the ultimate distribution of the liquidated company’s assets.

(2) The parties’ submissions

(A) Yangbum and Mr Loong’s submissions

65 Yangbum and Mr Loong submitted that they both had standing to apply for the
removal of the Liquidators under s 174 of the IRDA. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

PWS at para 58.

They accepted that although s 174 was broadly worded, it nevertheless required
the applicant to have a legitimate interest in the removal of the liquidator.
72

##### Foot Note 72

×

PWS at paras 41–43.

According to Yangbum and Mr Loong, they had the greatest interest in the
liquidation of the Companies as the Companies’ creditor and alleged beneficial
owner respectively. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

PWS at paras 51, 53 and 58–61.

(I) Standing of Yangbum

66 First, Yangbum and Mr Loong submitted that creditors had standing under s
174 even where the liquidation was a voluntary one, relying on Yap Jeffery
Henry and another v Ho Mun-Tuke Don [2006] 3 SLR(R) 427 (“Yap Jeffery Henry”).
74

##### Foot Note 74

×

PWS at para 61.

Yangbum was a creditor of the Companies for $10.8m (see [11] above) and was
the only party with any credible claim to the Companies’ assets. Hence,
Yangbum had standing.

(II) Standing of Mr Loong

67 Further, Yangbum and Mr Loong submitted that Mr Loong had standing as an
alleged beneficial owner of the Companies. As I have noted at [8] above, Ms
Liang was the sole registered shareholder of the Companies and Mr Loong’s
claim to be the beneficial owner of the Companies was the subject of separate
ongoing proceedings in S 345. Counsel for Yangbum and Mr Loong acknowledged
that Mr Loong’s beneficial interest in the Companies was merely a “contingent
interest upon being proved in Court”. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Certified Transcript (5 April 2021), p 25 at lines 10–12 and 16–18.

However, counsel for Yangbum and Mr Loong argued that Mr Loong nevertheless
had a legitimate interest for the purpose of establishing standing as he fell
within the definition of a “contributory” in s 2(1) of the IRDA (which cross-
refers to the definition in s 4(1) of the Companies Act). This was because Mr
Loong was making a bona fide claim, supported by “powerful evidence”, to be
the true owner of the Companies’ shares. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Certified Transcript (5 April 2021), p 29 at lines 6–11; p 30 at lines 9–18
and 23–24; p 31 at lines 1–2.

Consequently, Mr Loong had a legitimate interest in the removal of the
Liquidators as he was the only party with a credible claim to any residual
assets realised from the liquidation of the Companies. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

PWS at para 2; Certified Transcript (5 April 2021), p 12 at lines 6–9 and p 23
at lines 16–19.

68 More generally, Yangbum and Mr Loong submitted that a broad approach to
standing under s 174 was sensible given the purpose of the provision, which
was to give effect to the real, substantial and honest interest of the
liquidation. An overly technical approach to standing would be contrary to the
very purpose of s 174. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

PWS at paras 60–61.

(B) The Liquidators’ submissions

69 The Liquidators submitted that Yangbum and Mr Loong did not have standing
to bring the application under s 174 of the IRDA.

(I) Standing of Yangbum

70 The Liquidators submitted that a creditor did not have standing to apply to
remove the liquidator of a solvent company. The Liquidators argued that, in
the liquidation of a solvent company, the only parties with an interest in the
ultimate distribution of the company’s assets were the contributories of the
company, ie, the shareholders. Hence, in a solvent liquidation, a creditor had
no standing to apply for the removal of a liquidator. In support of this
proposition, the Liquidators relied on the following remarks made by the Privy
Council in Deloitte (at 1610): 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

DWS at para 17.

[The authorities cited by the plaintiff] show that the court has consistently
regarded the creditors (in the case of an insolvent liquidation) and the
contributories (in the case of a solvent liquidation) as the proper persons to
make the application, being the only persons interested in the liquidation.
Their Lordships have not been shown any case in which the court has removed a
liquidator who is able and willing to act on the application of anyone who is
not a creditor or contributory as the case may be.

[emphasis added]

71 The Liquidators also relied on Petroships Investment Pte Ltd v Wealthplus
Pte Ltd (in members’ voluntary liquidation) (Koh Brothers Building & Civil
Engineering Contractor (Pte) Ltd and another, interveners) and another matter
[2018] 3 SLR 687 (“Petroships”). In Petroships (at [132]), Vinodh Coomaraswamy
J held that a solvent company is “liquidated primarily in the members’
interest”. Coomaraswamy J observed that the creditors of a solvent company had
“no real interest in the liquidation” because their debts would be paid before
the final distribution of the surplus to the shareholders. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

DWS at para 20.

72 The Liquidators further submitted that, if a creditor had standing to apply
to remove the liquidator of a solvent company, this would provide an
opportunity for parties with no real interest in the ultimate distribution of
the company’s assets to wrest control of the liquidation for their own
ulterior motives, and to obtain coercive orders which were adverse to both the
interests of those for whom the liquidation was conducted and the purpose of
the liquidation itself. According to the Liquidators, this was precisely what
Yangbum and Mr Loong were attempting to do in OS 1061. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

DWS at para 21.

73 Applying these principles, the Liquidators submitted that Yangbum did not
have standing to apply for the removal of the Liquidators. Although Yangbum
was a purported creditor of the Companies, the Companies remained solvent. As
such, the liquidation of the Companies was conducted in the interests of their
shareholders and only the Companies’ shareholders had an interest in the
results of the liquidation. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

DWS at paras 11(a)–11(c), 22 and 24–26.

During the hearing, counsel for the Liquidators also stressed that the
Liquidators had yet to determine that Yangbum was indeed a creditor of the
Companies as the Liquidators had not yet adjudicated Yangbum’s proofs of debt.
83

##### Foot Note 83

×

Certified Transcript (5 April 2021), p 80 at lines 10–24 and p 81 at lines
1–20.

(II) Standing of Mr Loong

74 The Liquidators submitted that Mr Loong did not have standing to make the
application under s 174 of the IRDA as he was neither a creditor nor a
contributory of the Companies. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

DWS at paras 11(a)–11(c), 22 and 33.

Mr Loong was not registered as a shareholder of the Companies in any of the
Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority (“ACRA”) Business Profile
searches carried out by the Liquidators. Nor was he reflected as shareholder,
director, or beneficial owner of the Companies in any of the Companies’
financial statements. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

DWS at para 42.

75 Even if Mr Loong were to succeed in establishing that he had a beneficial
interest in the Companies in S 345, a beneficiary of a company’s shares was
not a “contributory” within the definition in either the Companies Act (and,
therefore, the IRDA) or at common law. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

DWS at para 27.

In particular, the Liquidators submitted that the phrase “any person alleged
to be a contributory” could not include a self-proclaimed contributory who
alleged himself to be a contributory. If that were the case, any person could
simply claim to be a “contributory” and become entitled to participate in the
ultimate distribution of the company’s assets. Instead, the Liquidators
submitted that the phrase referred to persons who were placed on the
provisional list of contributories by the liquidator or the court, but whose
status was disputed. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

DWS at para 29.

As for the phrase “a person liable to contribute to the assets of the company
in the event of its being wound up”, the Liquidators argued that this referred
to: persons who were expressly included by statute as being liable to
contribute, ie, past and present members of the company (pursuant to s 250(1)
of the Companies Act (now s 121(1) of the IRDA)); past and present directors
whose liability was unlimited (pursuant to s 250(2) of the Companies Act (now
s 121(2) of the IRDA)); the personal representative of a deceased contributory
(pursuant to s 252(1) of the Companies Act (now s 123(1) of the IRDA)); and
the trustee of a contributory who has become bankrupt (pursuant to s 252(2) of
the Companies Act (now s 123(2) of the IRDA)). A beneficiary for whom the
shares of a company are allegedly held on trust was not a “contributory”
within this definition. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

DWS at para 30.

76 Hence, the Liquidators submitted that unless and until a court determined
that Mr Loong was indeed the beneficial and legal owner of the shares of the
Companies, Mr Loong’s claim remained a bare assertion and he had no real
interest in the liquidation of the Companies. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

DWS at paras 42–43.

(3) My findings

(A) Standing of Yangbum

77 Having considered the authorities cited and the submissions made by both
parties, I concluded that there was no rule that only the shareholders of a
company could have a legitimate interest in the removal of a liquidator in a
solvent liquidation. Such a restrictive rule was not supported by the broad
wording of s 174 of the IRDA. As noted in Woon’s Corporations Law (Walter Woon
SC gen ed) (LexisNexis Singapore, 2020) at paras 4005–4050, in general,
creditors and contributories presumably had standing under s 302 of the
Companies Act (now s 174 of the IRDA) as they “would be directly affected by
the fact that the liquidator is unfit for the job”. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

PWS at para 44.

78 Further, the Privy Council’s decision in Deloitte did not go so far as to
support such a restrictive rule. The issue before the Privy Council in
Deloitte was whether a debtor of a company in insolvent liquidation, who was
neither a creditor nor a contributory of the company, could apply for the
removal of a liquidator (at 1607). The Privy Council answered this question in
the negative. Notwithstanding Lord Millett’s observation that the English
courts had “consistently regarded the creditors (in the case of an insolvent
liquidation) and the contributories (in the case of a solvent liquidation) as
the proper persons to make the application, being the only persons interested
in the liquidation” (at 1610), Lord Millett then went on to state that the
threshold for an applicant to be regarded as a proper person to invoke the
jurisdiction of the court was whether the applicant had “a legitimate interest
in the relief sought” [emphasis added] (at 1611). As the applicant in Deloitte
was “not merely a stranger to the liquidation”, but (as a debtor) had
interests adverse to the liquidation and the interests of the creditors, the
Privy Council held that the applicant lacked standing. In my view, the Privy
Council’s reasoning in Deloitte did not preclude a court from finding, in the
appropriate circumstances, that a creditor of a company in solvent liquidation
had a legitimate interest in the removal of a liquidator.

79 Petroships also did not support the restrictive approach to standing
proposed by the Liquidators. In Petroships, Coomaraswamy J held that a solvent
company was liquidated primarily in the members’ interest, whereas an
insolvent company was liquidated primarily in the creditors’ interest. Hence,
the court would give predominant weight to the members’ wishes in ascertaining
the real, honest and substantial interest of a solvent liquidation, while
giving predominant weight to the creditors’ interest in an insolvent
liquidation (Petroships at [132]–[135]). However, Coomaraswamy J did not state
that only the members of a solvent company could have an interest in its
liquidation. Further, although Coomaraswamy J said that the creditors had “no
real interest” in a solvent liquidation because it was obligatory to commence
and conduct a solvent liquidation on the basis that the creditors would be
paid in full and within one year (under s 293(1) of the Companies Act, now s
163(1) of the IRDA), it should be borne in mind that Coomaraswamy J was
considering the meaning of the phrase “interest of the liquidation”. I agreed
entirely with Coomaraswamy J’s statement of the applicable principles in that
context and applied them in considering whether Yangbum and Mr Loong had
succeeded in showing cause for the removal of the Liquidators (see [101]
below). However, in Petroships, Coomaraswamy J was not required to
specifically consider what it meant for an applicant to have a “legitimate
interest” for the purposes of standing. Therefore, in my view, Petroships was
not authority for the proposition that the creditors of a solvent company
could not have any legitimate interest in the removal of the liquidators, and
thus could have no standing to bring an application under s 174 of the IRDA.

80 Having said this, I did not think that Yap Jeffery Henry supported Yangbum
and Mr Loong’s position. In Yap Jeffery Henry, Judith Prakash J (as she then
was) recognised the possibility of a creditor applying for the removal of a
liquidator in a voluntary liquidation. There, the creditors of a company in
voluntary liquidation had applied for the removal of the liquidator. The
liquidator then took out his own application for an order permitting him to
resign from the office of liquidator, and this was granted. Prakash J held
that if the liquidator had not resigned, a creditor could apply for his
removal under s 302 of the Companies Act (now s 174 of the IRDA) (Yap Jeffery
Henry at [20]). Indeed, on the facts, Prakash J would have acceded to the
creditors’ application for the removal of the liquidator if he had not
resigned (Yap Jeffery Henry at [36]). However, it appeared that Yap Jeffery
Henry concerned a creditors’ voluntary liquidation (of an insolvent company),
and not a members’ voluntary liquidation (of a solvent company). Indeed, the
liquidator found that the company had become insolvent several years before
the liquidation (Yap Jeffery Henry at [9]). Yap Jeffery Henry was, therefore,
not a case where a creditor was held to have standing to apply for the removal
of a liquidator in a solvent liquidation.

81 Be that as it may, on the facts of the present case, I was satisfied that
Yangbum had a legitimate interest in the removal of the Liquidators as a major
creditor of the Companies.

82 Although Yangbum’s proofs of debt had not yet been adjudicated by the
Liquidators, Yangbum had provided detailed descriptions of its claims against
each of the Companies as well as supporting documents. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

LSM at pp 188–419.

I was, therefore, satisfied that Yangbum was a creditor of the Companies for
the purposes of establishing standing under s 174 of the IRDA. In my view, it
would be self-serving for a liquidator to be able to stymie an application for
his own removal by refusing or delaying to adjudicate or accept the proofs of
debt submitted by the very creditor seeking to remove him.

83 Further, although the Companies were in voluntary solvent liquidation, the
close business relationship between the Companies and Yangbum showed that the
latter had a legitimate interest in the conduct of the Liquidators. The
reality of this case was that the Companies were incorporated to undertake
subcontract work exclusively for Yangbum and that Yangbum was the most
significant creditor of each of the Companies, being owed provisional debts
amounting to more than $10.8m (see [7] and [11] above). I was unable to agree
with the Liquidators’ submission that allowing a creditor such as Yangbum to
apply to remove the liquidator of a solvent company would allow parties with
no real interest in the ultimate distribution of the company’s assets to wrest
control of the liquidation (see [72] above). In this case, Yangbum evidently
had an interest in the distribution of the Companies’ assets as it had an
interest in its debts being paid in full. Therefore, Yangbum had a legitimate
interest in ensuring that the Liquidators administered the liquidation of the
Companies properly and fairly.

84 Hence, Yangbum had standing to apply for the removal of the Liquidators
under s 174 of the IRDA. However, whether Yangbum could satisfy the court that
there was cause for the removal and replacement of the Liquidators was a
separate issue that will be discussed in greater detail below.

(B) Standing of Mr Loong

85 I turn now to Mr Loong. In my view, unlike Yangbum, Mr Loong did not have
standing to apply for the removal of the Liquidators under s 174 of the IRDA.

86 Mr Loong’s submission that he had a legitimate interest in the removal of
the Liquidators was based on his status as the alleged beneficial owner of the
Companies. However, whether Mr Loong indeed had a beneficial interest in the
Companies was the subject matter of separate proceedings which the court in S
345 had to ultimately decide. It was not disputed that Mr Loong was not
reflected as a beneficial owner of the Companies in any of the documents
before me. Indeed, during the hearing, counsel for Yangbum and Mr Loong
admitted that there were no documents evidencing Mr Loong’s alleged interest
before this court. He also admitted that there was no provision permitting the
court to take cognisance of such contingent beneficial interests in these
proceedings. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

Certified Transcript (5 April 2021), p 26 at lines 9–10 and 19–24; p 27 at
lines 1–4.

Therefore, on the facts as they stood at the time of the hearing, Mr Loong did
not have a legitimate interest in the removal of the Liquidators for the
purpose of establishing standing under s 174 of the IRDA.

87 In this regard, I noted that Mr Loong’s application in Summons No 1698 of
2020 (“SUM 1698”) for an interlocutory injunction restraining Ms Liang and Mr
Zhang from taking any further steps as director and/or shareholder of the
Companies and from taking any further step in the liquidation of the
Companies, which was made in S 345, had been dismissed by Mavis Chionh JC (as
she then was). 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

DWS at paras 44–46.

In SUM 1698, Mr Loong had argued that Ms Liang held the Companies’ shares on
trust for him. Chionh JC stated that Mr Loong had not satisfied the court that
there was a serious question to be tried and observed that there were “a
number of deep-seated problems in [Mr Loong]’s case”, primarily because it was
“entirely unclear what the nature and the terms of the alleged trust [were]”.
94

##### Foot Note 94

×

LCH, Tab 13 (Notes of Evidence (19 June 2020)), p 357 at lines 19–29 and p 359
at lines 23–24.

As SUM 1698 was only an injunction application, it did not conclusively decide
the issue of whether Mr Loong indeed had a beneficial interest in the
Companies. However, Chionh JC’s findings undermined Yangbum and Mr Loong’s
submission that Mr Loong’s assertion of beneficial ownership was supported by
“powerful evidence” (see [67] above).

88 Further, I was unable to accept Yangbum and Mr Loong’s submission that Mr
Loong had a legitimate interest in the removal of the Liquidators because he
fell within the definition of a “contributory” in s 2(1) of the IRDA (which
adopts the definition in s 4(1) of the Companies Act). Section 4(1) of the
Companies Act defines “contributory” as:

… a person liable to contribute to the assets of the company in the event of
its being wound up, and includes the holder of fully paid shares in the
company and, prior to the final determination of the persons who are
contributories, [“contributory”] includes any person alleged to be a
contributory …

89 Yangbum and Mr Loong sought to rely on the phrase “any person alleged to be
a contributory” to argue that Mr Loong was a contributory because he had made
a bona fide claim to be the beneficial owner of the Companies (see [67]
above). During the hearing, counsel for Yangbum and Mr Loong relied on the
comments made in McPherson’s Law of Company Liquidation (A R Keay gen ed)
(Sweet & Maxwell, 3rd Ed, 2013) (“McPherson”) that “contributory” may include
“one who, although his or her name does not appear on the register, is
prepared to make a bona fide admission that he or she is a member of the
company” (at para 10-003). 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

Certified Transcript (5 April 2021), p 27 at lines 10–24 and p 28 at lines
1–16.

However, in my view, McPherson did not support the proposition that anyone who
alleges himself to be a contributory would fall within the statutory
definition. On the contrary, the comments relied on by counsel for Yangbum and
Mr Loong were made as one of two qualifications of the general statement that
(at para 10-003):

… [I]n order to establish that a person is a contributory it must be shown
either that with the contributory’s own assent and own knowledge the person’s
name has been entered on the register of members, or it must be shown that a
contract was entered into by the person with the company which ought to be
specifically performed, so that the court would be justified without the
assent of the alleged contributory in putting him or her on the register.

90 These requirements were not satisfied by Mr Loong in the present case. The
ACRA records did not show that Mr Loong had any interest in the Companies.
Neither the Companies’ registers nor their records revealed that Mr Loong was
a shareholder, director, or beneficial owner. Indeed, even after recognising
the qualification set out above, the view taken in McPherson was that (at para
10-003, footnote 27):

[I]n such cases [ie, cases where an applicant is prepared to make a bona fide
admission that he is a member of the company] the applicant is bound to offer
some evidence in support of the allegation that the applicant is a
contributory; quaere whether the applicant ought not to be required also to
give an undertaking to apply for rectification of the register.

[emphasis in original]

91 Therefore, I agreed with the Liquidators that the phrase “any person
alleged to be a contributory” could not include a self-proclaimed contributory
who alleged himself to be a contributory, where no evidence was adduced in
support of that allegation. Instead, I agreed with the Liquidators’ submission
that this phrase would refer to persons who are placed on the provisional list
of contributories by the liquidator, or by the court (in the exercise of its
function to settle a list of contributories under s 152 of the IRDA), but
whose status is disputed. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

DWS at para 29.

In my view, this was a more logical reading of the statutory definition of a
“contributory” in s 4(1).

92 In any event, however, Mr Loong was not alleging himself to be a
contributory, in the sense of being “a person liable to contribute to the
assets of the company in the event of its being wound up”. He was merely
making a bare assertion that he was the beneficial owner of the Companies. The
Liquidators submitted that the trustee (and not the beneficial owner, ie, the
cestui que trust) was the “contributory” within the definition in s 4(1). For
this proposition, the Liquidators relied on the following passage from
McPherson (at para 10-005), 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

DWS at para 32; Certified Transcript (5 April 2021), p 78 at lines 10–24 and p
79 at lines 1–22.

which is worth setting out in full:

… [W]here a person whose name has been put on the register with his or her
assent holds the shares in respect of which he or she is registered on trust
for some other person, it is the trustee and not the cestui que trust who is
liable to contribute. The cestui que trust will of course be liable to
indemnify the trustee in respect of sums that he or she is obliged to pay, but
even if the company takes notice of the trust this will not affect the
liability of the trustee to contribute. The reason is that there is privity
between the trustee and the company, but not between the company and the
cestui que trust who has never agreed to become a member.

[emphasis added]

93 This submission was also supported by the English case of In re European
Society Arbitration Acts, ex parte Liquidators of the British Nation Life
Assurance Association (1878) 8 Ch D 679. In that case, James LJ had remarked
that a beneficial owner of shares was, “as between him and his own trustee,
the person liable to contribute”, but that this did not make him a
contributory vis-à-vis the company as “the equitable liability is to the
trustee only, and there is no privity or direct right of any kind as between
the company and the cestui que trust” (at 708). 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

DWS at para 31.

94 Hence, even if Mr Loong had been able to establish that Ms Liang (as the
sole registered shareholder of the Companies) held the shares in the Companies
on trust for him, Ms Liang would be the “contributory” for the purposes of s
4(1) of the Companies Act (and, therefore, s 2(1) of the IRDA), and not Mr
Loong.

95 In view of the above, Mr Loong did not have the requisite legitimate
interest to apply for the removal of the Liquidators under s 174 of the IRDA.
Mr Loong’s claim to be the beneficial owner of the Companies had yet to be
decided in S 345. There was no evidence that Mr Loong was “the holder of fully
paid shares in the company” within the definition of a “contributory” in s
4(1) of the Companies Act and s 2(1) of the IRDA. In addition, Mr Loong was
neither a “person liable to contribute to the assets of the company in the
event of its being wound up” nor a “person alleged to be a contributory” for
the purposes of s 4(1) of the Companies Act and s 2(1) of the IRDA.
Consequently, Mr Loong failed to establish that he had a legitimate interest
in the removal of the Liquidators as a beneficial owner of the Companies or as
a contributory.

(4) Conclusion on standing

96 For the foregoing reasons, I found that Yangbum had standing to make an
application under s 174 of the IRDA as a major creditor of the Companies,
which had a close working relationship with Yangbum. Based on the authorities,
there was no rule that only the shareholders of a company in solvent
liquidation could have a legitimate interest in the removal of a liquidator.
On the facts of this case, I was satisfied that Yangbum had a clear legitimate
interest in the distribution of the Companies’ assets and in the removal of
the Liquidators.

97 However, I found that Mr Loong did not have standing to make an application
under s 174 of the IRDA as he had not established that he was the beneficial
owner of the Companies or a contributory. Consequently, on the facts as they
stood at the time I heard OS 1061, Mr Loong was unable to establish a
legitimate interest in the removal of the Liquidators.

Cause for the removal of the Liquidators

98 Having found that Yangbum had standing to apply for the removal of the
Liquidators under s 174 of the IRDA, the next major issue to be determined was
whether cause had been shown for the removal of the Liquidators.

(1) The applicable law

99 As noted at [60] above, s 174 of the IRDA empowers the court to remove a
liquidator “on cause shown”. The leading case on applications for the removal
of liquidators under s 302 of the Companies Act was Petroships. As s 174 of
the IRDA is identical to s 302 of the Companies Act, the same principles
regarding cause would have applied under both provisions (see [59] above). I
summarise below the principles set out by Coomaraswamy J in Petroships in so
far as they were pertinent to the present proceedings.

100 First, to show cause under s 174, the applicant had to establish that the
removal of the liquidator was “in the real, substantial and honest interest of
the liquidation” and would “advance the purposes for which the liquidator was
appointed” (Petroships at [109(b)]).

101 The interest and purpose of a solvent liquidation (ie, a members’
voluntary liquidation) was distinct and different from the interest and
purpose of an insolvent liquidation (ie, a creditors’ voluntary liquidation or
a compulsory liquidation) in two main ways (Petroships at [126]–[138]).

(a) First, to determine the interest of a solvent liquidation, a court would
ordinarily take into account the views of the members, and not the views of
the creditors (whereas the converse was true in an insolvent liquidation). A
solvent company was liquidated primarily in the members’ interest. The
creditors of a solvent company had no real interest in the liquidation because
it was obligatory to commence and conduct a solvent liquidation on the basis
that the creditors would be paid in full and within one year (s 293(1) of the
Companies Act, now s 163(1) of the IRDA). Therefore, the court would give
predominant weight to the wishes of the members in ascertaining the real,
honest and substantial interest of a solvent liquidation.

(b) Second, in deciding whether cause had been shown under s 174, a court had
to assess the allegations against the liquidator in the light of the purpose
of the liquidation. For instance, a liquidator of a solvent company had only a
limited duty to investigate the company’s affairs. Nevertheless, the
liquidator still had a duty to conduct such an investigation, with two
objectives: (i) to maximise the return to those interested in the liquidation
by increasing the company’s assets or reducing its debts; and (ii) to uphold
standards of commercial morality by identifying improper or dishonest conduct
by officers of the company that should be punished by prosecution or civil
action.

102 However, regardless of whether the liquidation was a solvent or an
insolvent liquidation, the liquidator had a duty to act impartially in
carrying out the liquidation (Petroships at [144]). Thus, to establish that
the removal of the liquidator was in the real, substantial and honest interest
of the liquidation and would advance the purposes for which the liquidator was
appointed, the applicant could attempt to show that the liquidator lacked
impartiality. For instance, the applicant could show that the liquidator was
biased in favour of any one or more of the members or creditors of the
company. To succeed on the ground of partiality, the applicant could show
either that the liquidator was guilty of actual bias or that he had so
conducted himself as to give rise to a perception of bias (Petroships at
[109(c)]).

103 Bias on the part of the liquidator could be demonstrated by the
liquidator’s failure to investigate the affairs of a company in liquidation
without rational basis, or in not exercising his discretion in good faith
(Petroships at [163] and [168]–[169]).

104 The court would give significant weight to an applicant’s perception of
bias if the applicant could demonstrate (Petroships at [109(d)]):

(a) a subjective belief that the liquidator was biased;

(b) that that belief was reasonable; and

(c) that as a result, the applicant had lost confidence in the ability of the
liquidator to carry out the liquidation without fear or favour.

105 If the applicant sought to present a decision by the liquidator as
evidence of the liquidator’s bias, the burden lay on the applicant to show
that the liquidator took that decision without a rational basis (Petroships at
[109(e)]).

106 While the liquidator’s lack of impartiality (actual or perceived) was
often determinative of the interest of the liquidation, the court would take
into account all aspects of the liquidation in arriving at a decision,
including the practical consequences of exercising the power under s 174 to
remove the liquidator. These included (Petroships at [109(g)] and [174]):

(a) the costs, delay and disruption associated with the removal and
replacement of the current liquidator;

(b) the stage of the liquidation;

(c) the familiarity of the current liquidator with the company; and

(d) the impact of removal on the liquidator’s professional standing and
reputation.

(2) The parties’ submissions

(A) Yangbum and Mr Loong’s submissions

107 Yangbum and Mr Loong submitted that it was in the real, substantial and
honest interest of the liquidation that the Liquidators be removed and
replaced with impartial and objective liquidators. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

PWS at paras 2 and 48.

They alleged that the Liquidators were clearly biased in favour of Ms Liang,
based on the seven categories of allegations outlined at [21] above. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

PWS at para 49.

I shall deal with Yangbum and Mr Loong’s submissions in respect of each
specific allegation below.

108 Further, Yangbum and Mr Loong submitted that there were no significant
practical obstacles to the removal of the Liquidators in the present case. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

PWS at paras 50 and 54.

The costs, delay and disruption associated with the Liquidators’ removal would
be minimal as Yangbum and Mr Loong had already identified alternative
liquidators who had provided their consent to act. The Liquidators had not
raised any objection to these individuals or their ability to act as the
liquidators of the Companies. Further, the liquidation of the Companies was
still in early stages, given that the Liquidators claimed that they required
further documents in order to proceed with the liquidation and had not yet
adjudicated Yangbum’s proofs of debt. In addition, the removal of the
Liquidators would have no evident impact on their professional standing or
reputation. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

PWS at paras 13 and 54–57.

(B) The Liquidators’ submissions

109 The Liquidators submitted that the shareholders’ interests, and not
Yangbum and Mr Loong’s interests, were paramount in ascertaining whether their
removal was in the real, substantial and honest interest of the liquidation.
This was because the Companies were in solvent liquidation. As such, those
entitled to participate in the ultimate distribution of the Companies’ assets
were their shareholders, who had the greatest interest in the liquidation. The
purpose of the solvent liquidation was to distribute the Companies’ surplus
assets to the shareholders in proportion to their shareholding. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

DWS at paras 35–40.

In this case, the sole registered shareholder of the Companies was Ms Liang
(see [8] above).

110 The Liquidators contended that they had acted to advance the interests and
purpose of the liquidations of the Companies from the outset of their
appointment. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

DWS at paras 11(d) and 66.

Following their appointment on 30 March 2020, the Liquidators made extensive
and proactive efforts to obtain the books of the Companies. They continued to
examine the books of the Companies that had been delivered to them and to
familiarise themselves with the affairs of the Companies. The remainder of
their work depended on receiving the complete set of books and assets of the
Companies. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

DWS at paras 67–68.

111 The Liquidators submitted that Yangbum and Mr Loong’s allegations of bias
on the part of the Liquidators were wholly devoid of merit. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

DWS at para 72.

Yangbum and Mr Loong had not demonstrated actual bias or a reasonable
perception of bias on the part of the Liquidators. Yangbum and Mr Loong did
not hold a genuine subjective belief that the Liquidators were biased. Nor had
the Liquidators conducted themselves in a manner which would create a
reasonable perception of bias in the mind of a rational creditor or
contributory. Yangbum and Mr Loong had not discharged their burden of
establishing that the Liquidators’ decisions were taken without a rational
basis. Further, Ms Liang, the sole registered shareholder of the Companies,
had not suffered a justifiable loss of confidence in the Liquidators. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

DWS at paras 11(d) and 75–76.

112 According to the Liquidators, the application for their removal in OS 1061
was yet another attempt by Yangbum, Mr Loong and the Respondents to frustrate
the liquidation of the Companies. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

DWS at para 11(d).

The Liquidators submitted that Yangbum, Mr Loong and the Respondents had at
all times acted with hostility against the interests and purpose of the
liquidations, such as by obstructing the Liquidators from obtaining the
Companies’ books from the officers and agents of the Companies. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

DWS at paras 48–65.

For this reason, the Liquidators argued that their removal and replacement
would not cure Mr Loong’s hostility towards the liquidation. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

DWS at para 70.

The Liquidators also contended that it would amount to an unwarranted tarnish
on their professional standing and reputation if they were removed in these
circumstances. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

DWS at para 69.

(3) My findings

113 As the Companies were in solvent liquidation, I gave predominant weight to
the wishes and interests of the members of the Companies in ascertaining the
real, substantial and honest interest of the liquidation. In this case, the
only member of the Companies was Ms Liang, who was their sole registered
shareholder (see [8] above).

114 Having considered the submissions made and the evidence adduced by both
parties, I found that Yangbum and Mr Loong had failed to establish bias on the
part of the Liquidators on a balance of probabilities. As this was the only
ground relied on by Yangbum and Mr Loong to show cause, I concluded that they
had failed to show that the removal of the Liquidators was in the real,
substantial and honest interest of the liquidation and would advance the
purposes for which the Liquidators were appointed.

115 I shall now address each of the specific allegations of bias made by
Yangbum and Mr Loong in turn.

(A) The Trespass Allegation

116 First, Yangbum and Mr Loong submitted that on 18 March 2020, one of the
Liquidators (namely, Mr Lau) trespassed into Yangbum’s office together with Ms
Liang and three other individuals. They demanded to be given documents
relating to Yangbum and the six companies that had been incorporated to
undertake subcontract work exclusively for Yangbum (which included the
Companies). 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

PWS at paras 14 (at pp 8–9), 16 and 20.

117 On the other hand, the Liquidators denied that they had committed any
trespass. Instead, the Liquidators contended that they had attended at
Yangbum’s office for the sole purpose of advancing the interest and purpose of
the proposed liquidations by inspecting and obtaining the books of the
Companies. They were not acting on Ms Liang’s instructions or under her
directions. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

DWS at paras 78–79, 83 and 85–86.

118 The Liquidators also emphasised that it was not disputed that the books of
the Companies were kept at Yangbum’s office and store. As a director of the
Companies, Ms Liang had the right to inspect the Companies’ books at all times
pursuant to s 199(3) of the Companies Act. Sections 199(1) and 199(3) provide
as follows: 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

DWS at paras 81–82.

Accounting records and systems of control

199.—(1) Every company shall cause to be kept such accounting and other
records as will sufficiently explain the transactions and financial position
of the company and enable true and fair financial statements and any documents
required to be attached thereto to be prepared from time to time, and shall
cause those records to be kept in such manner as to enable them to be
conveniently and properly audited.

…

(3) The records referred to in subsection (1) shall be kept at the registered
office of the company or at such other place as the directors think fit and
shall at all times be open to inspection by the directors.

[emphasis added]

119 The Liquidators submitted that, when Mr Loong refused the Liquidators’
attempt to inspect the Companies’ books and, with Mr Su, asked them to leave
Yangbum’s office, the Liquidators did so. Further, the allegation of trespass
is undermined by the fact that Ms Liang was asked to sign some cheques in her
capacity as director of the Companies while she was waiting to be attended to.
The Liquidators contended that there was, therefore, no trespass. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

DWS at paras 84 and 87.

120 As a preliminary point, I emphasised that whether or not the Liquidators
had committed a trespass was not directly relevant to my decision in the
present proceedings. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

Certified Transcript (5 April 2021), p 37 at lines 7–21.

The issue before me was whether the alleged acts of trespass either
demonstrated actual bias or created a reasonable perception of bias on the
part of the Liquidators.

121 In my view, the Liquidators’ acts neither demonstrated actual bias nor
created a reasonable perception of bias. It was undisputed that the
Liquidators had attended at Yangbum’s office on 18 March 2020 to obtain the
books of the Companies, which were kept at Yangbum’s office and store. I
agreed with the Liquidators that Ms Liang, as a director of the Companies, had
the right to inspect the Companies’ books pursuant to s 199(3) of the
Companies Act. Moreover, as the prospective liquidators of the Companies, the
Liquidators would have needed to inspect the Companies’ books in order to
familiarise themselves with the Companies’ affairs. The Trespass Allegation,
therefore, did not support Yangbum and Mr Loong’s allegation of bias.

(B) The Prior Relationship Allegation

122 Secondly, Yangbum and Mr Loong submitted that the Liquidators had a prior
professional relationship with Ms Liang which pre-dated their appointment as
the liquidators of the Companies. This is because they were already acting as
Ms Liang’s accountants in her disputes with Mr Loong. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

PWS at paras 3 and 16.

In one of Ms Liang’s affidavits filed in S 345, she described the group of
individuals who had allegedly trespassed into Yangbum’s office with her as
“[her] solicitor and three accountants”. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

LSM, p 77 (Affidavit of Liang Xihong in HC/SUM 1698/2020) at para 58.

Yangbum and Mr Loong argued that this amounted to an admission that Mr Lau and
his colleagues from Technic Inter-Asia Pte Ltd were Ms Liang’s accountants.
119

##### Foot Note 119

×

LSM at para 33.

123 The Liquidators denied that Ms Liang had introduced them as her
accountants. Further, the Liquidators submitted that Yangbum and Mr Loong had
not adduced any evidence of their alleged prior association with Ms Liang that
would create a reasonable perception of bias in the mind of a rational
creditor or contributory. For example, while it was not denied that Ms Liang
knew the Liquidators before they were appointed as such, 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

Transcript (5 April 2021), p 84 at lines 21–24 and p 85 at lines 1–7.

there was no evidence suggesting that the Liquidators had a longstanding
professional or personal relationship with Ms Liang. There was also no
evidence that the Liquidators had been involved in the affairs of the
Companies prior to their attendance at Yangbum’s office on 18 March 2020,
which was for the purpose of familiarising themselves with the Companies’
affairs. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

DWS at paras 88–94.

124 Having considered the parties’ submissions, I was of the view that the
Prior Relationship Allegation did not support Yangbum and Mr Loong’s
allegation of bias on the part of the Liquidators.

125 In the Australian cases of Advance Housing Pty Lid (in liq) v Newcastle
Classic Developments Pty Ltd (1994) 14 ACSR 230 (“Advance Housing”) (which was
cited in Petroships at [155]) and Commonwealth of Australia v Irving and
another (1996) 144 ALR 172 (“Irving”), the courts laid down the following
principles: 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

DWS at paras 90–92.

(a) It was not the law that a liquidator could not have had any prior contact
with the company or its directors or officers. It was commonplace for a
company to seek professional advice with respect to actual or apprehended
insolvency, often from someone who later accepted appointment as the company’s
liquidator. Hence, there would be “an air of commercial unreality about any
suggestion that this course of events is necessarily improper” (Irving at
177). Indeed, creditors were frequently well served by the appointment of a
liquidator with some familiarity with the affairs of the company, provided
that the reasons leading to this familiarity did not give rise to an
apprehension of lack of impartiality or reflect an actual or perceived
conflict (Advance Housing at 234).

(b) Where personal associations were suggested to give rise to perceptions of
possible bias, questions of judgment and degree would no doubt arise. On one
end of the scale, “mere professional acquaintanceship” and “professional
connections of a passing nature” would not create actual bias or a reasonable
perception of bias. On the other end of the scale, “[i]ntimate relationships
of long standing” likely would (Irving at 176).

(c) However, substantial involvement with a company prior to its liquidation
would disqualify a person from appointment as that company’s liquidator. This
is because such involvement would be seen to detract from that person’s
ability to act fairly and impartially during the course of the liquidation
(Irving at 177).

126 In the present case, Yangbum and Mr Loong’s allegation of a prior
relationship between Ms Liang and the Liquidators was based entirely on one
line in an affidavit of Ms Liang filed in S 345. This line was ambiguous and
did not, on a plain reading, amount to an admission that the Liquidators were
Ms Liang’s accountants. During the hearing, counsel for Yangbum and Mr Loong
acknowledged that there was no other evidence of prior association between the
Liquidators and Ms Liang apart from the following facts: that they had been
approached by Ms Liang on or around 10 March 2020 in relation to the potential
liquidation of the Companies, 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

LCH at para 11.

that they had received documents from Ms Liang and that they had accompanied
her to Yangbum’s office on 18 March 2020. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

Certified Transcript (5 April 2021), p 44 at lines 17–24 and p 45 at lines
1–3.

These facts provided an extremely weak basis on which to allege bias on the
part of the Liquidators. There was no evidence of any longstanding personal or
professional relationship between the Liquidators and Ms Liang, nor any
evidence of substantial involvement with the Companies prior to their
liquidation, that could give rise to actual bias or a reasonable perception of
bias.

127 The facts of the present case stood in sharp contrast to the facts of
Advance Housing and Irving. In Advance Housing, the Supreme Court of New South
Wales held that there was an “inherent conflict of a liquidator investigating
his firm’s own debt” which gave rise to a reasonable apprehension of bias
(Advance Housing at 238). In Irving, the Federal Court of Australia found that
there was a longstanding relationship between the liquidator (Mr Irving) and
one of the former directors of the company in liquidation (Mr Townsend). In
his professional practice over many years, Mr Irving had looked to Mr Townsend
for legal advice. It was implicit in this that Mr Irving regarded Mr
Townsend’s professional advice and judgment as sound. Further, Mr Irving and
Mr Townsend had a publicised close association and personal friendship. In
those circumstances, a reasonable person might apprehend that Mr Irving might
tend to favour Mr Townsend if required to investigate Mr Townsend’s conduct as
a past director of the company. This was a case where the prior association
between the parties went beyond mere professional acquaintanceship (Irving at
177). In the present case, the alleged prior association between Ms Liang and
the Liquidators fell far short of this threshold.

128 During the hearing, counsel for Yangbum and Mr Loong drew my attention to
a letter from Ms Liang and Mr Zhang’s solicitors to the Liquidators dated 6
April 2020. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

LSM at pp 102–106.

He argued that the Liquidators’ letter was written as though they had not
received any documents from Ms Liang, even though they had. He further
suggested that there was some improper secretiveness or lack of candour in the
Liquidators’ attempt to “creat[e] the illusion of a certain distance of
formality between themselves and Ms Liang. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

Certified Transcript (5 April 2021), p 57 at lines 7–24 and p 58 at lines
1–23.

I disagreed. In my view, it ran contrary to common sense for Yangbum and Mr
Loong to allege bias on the ground that the Liquidators had conducted
themselves professionally in requesting documents from Ms Liang, particularly
in the context of a formal letter.

129 I, therefore, found that Yangbum and Mr Loong had not succeeded in showing
that there was actual bias or a reasonable perception of bias based on the
Prior Relationship Allegation.

(C) The Irrational Targeting Allegation

130 Thirdly, Yangbum and Mr Loong submitted that the Liquidators took an
irrationally targeted approach from the outset, hounding Mr Loong and his
affiliates at Yangbum for documents (such as by filing SUM 310, SUM 303 and
SUM 330) while not filing any similar applications against Ms Liang. According
to Yangbum and Mr Loong, it was clear that Ms Liang had a significant store of
documents and was herself an appointed director of the Companies. However, the
Liquidators simply took Ms Liang’s word that she had none of the documents
sought. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

PWS at paras 17, 23–25 and 52(e).

131 On the other hand, the Liquidators submitted that Yangbum and Mr Loong had
failed to discharge their burden of establishing that the Liquidators’
decision to pursue the Respondents in SUM 310, SUM 303 and SUM 330 for the
Companies’ books and assets (under s 313(5) of the Companies Act) were made
without a rational basis. The Liquidators argued that any rational liquidator
would have done the same, and that any rational creditor or contributory would
have recognised that the s 313(5) Applications were necessary to advance the
interest and purpose of the liquidations. In particular, the Liquidators
submitted that the Respondents’ refusal to deliver up and surrender a complete
set of the Companies’ books and assets to the Liquidators left the Liquidators
with no choice but to obtain court orders to compel the Respondents to do so.
On the other hand, the Liquidators did not need to pursue Ms Liang for any
further books of the Companies in her possession as she had cooperated with
the Liquidators’ requests from the outset. Further, it would have been
illogical for Ms Liang to wind up the Companies, appoint the Liquidators, and
then proceed to obstruct the liquidations. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

DWS at paras 114–129.

132 The Liquidators also highlighted that the court would not have made the
October 2020 Orders in their favour if the requirements of s 313(5) had not
been satisfied. 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

DWS at para 115.

133 In my view, Yangbum and Mr Loong’s argument was completely unmeritorious.
As explained at [44] above, in making the October 2020 Orders sought by the
Liquidators, I had found that the requirements of s 313(5) of the Companies
Act were satisfied. Applying Petroships, in order to demonstrate bias in
respect of the Liquidators’ decision or exercise of discretion, Yangbum and Mr
Loong were required to show that the decision was taken without a rational
basis or that the discretion was not exercised in good faith (see [103] and
[105] above). In view of my previous findings in favour of the Liquidators in
relation to the s 313(5) Applications, I was unable to accept that the
Liquidators’ s 313(5) Applications were made without a rational basis or not
made in good faith. Therefore, I found that the Irrational Targeting
Allegation did not support Yangbum and Mr Loong’s allegation of bias.

(D) The Declarations of Solvency Allegation

134 Fourthly, Yangbum and Mr Loong submitted that Ms Liang and Mr Zhang had
wrongfully appointed themselves as directors of the Companies on 12 March
2020, a mere two weeks before making written declarations of solvency for the
Companies on 27 March 2020. Despite being fully aware that Ms Liang and Mr
Zhang had only just been appointed as directors and had no experience managing
the Companies, the Liquidators did not carry out any checks before relying on
these declarations of solvency. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

LSM at para 41; PWS at pp 8–9 and paras 26 and 52(c).

135 The Liquidators submitted that it was clear from the statutory scheme that
the burden of preparing and certifying the veracity of a declaration of
solvency lay on the directors of the Companies, not the Liquidators. The
declarations of solvency were made on 27 March 2020, ie, before the coming
into operation of the IRDA. Hence, s 293(1) of the Companies Act (now s 163(1)
of the IRDA) was applicable and it required a majority of directors to make a
declaration of solvency. Further, s 293(4) of the Companies Act (now s 163(4)
of the IRDA) imposed criminal liability on a director who made the declaration
without reasonable grounds. In the English case of De Courcy v Clements and
another [1971] 1 All ER 681, it was held that a liquidator was entitled to
rely on a declaration of solvency provided that it complied with the statutory
scheme. Hence, in the present case, the Liquidators submitted that they simply
had to be satisfied that the declarations of solvency complied with s 293 of
the Companies Act. As this requirement was met, the declarations of solvency
were valid and the Liquidators were entitled to rely on them. 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

DWS at paras 103–107.

In any event, the Liquidators submitted that Mr Loong had declared on oath in
several affidavits that the Companies were going concerns at the time of their
liquidation. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

See, eg, LSM at para 39 and LCH, Tab 10, p 259 at para 39(a) and p 261 at para
45.

Hence, Yangbum and Mr Loong could not and did not hold the view that the
Liquidators were biased because of their reliance on the declarations of
solvency made by Ms Liang and Mr Zhang. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

DWS at para 111.

In these circumstances, the Liquidators submitted that no rational creditor or
contributory would have reasonably perceived that the Liquidators were biased
for relying on valid declarations of solvency. The Liquidators’ reliance on
the declarations of solvency was also not attributable to actual bias. 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

DWS at para 112.

136 Having considered the arguments made by both parties, I agreed with the
Liquidators that the Declarations of Solvency Allegation failed to support
Yangbum and Mr Loong’s allegation of bias. It was not for this court to
determine the truth of Yangbum and Mr Loong’s allegation that Ms Liang and Mr
Zhang had wrongfully appointed themselves as directors of the Companies. For
present purposes, Ms Liang and Mr Zhang were the registered directors of the
Companies at the time of their liquidation. It was not disputed that valid
declarations of solvency had been made in respect of the Companies. It was
also not disputed that the Companies were in fact solvent at the time of their
liquidation. In these circumstances, I was unable to accept that the
Liquidators’ reliance on these declarations of solvency demonstrated actual
bias or created a reasonable perception of bias.

(E) The Refusal to Withdraw Allegation

137 Fifthly, Mr Loong wrote to the Liquidators (through his solicitors) on 25
March 2020 stating that he was the beneficial owner of the Companies and
drawing the Liquidators’ attention to the allegedly wrongful acts of Ms Liang
and Mr Zhang (the “25 March Letter”). 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

LSM at pp 43–44.

Thus, Mr Loong requested the Liquidators to withdraw their consent to act as
the liquidators of the Companies. However, the Liquidators replied on 30 March
2020 refusing to do so (the “30 March Reply”). 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

LSM at p 48.

Yangbum and Mr Loong submitted that the Liquidators’ refusal to withdraw and
insistence on proceeding was further evidence of bias. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

PWS at p 9 and paras 18 and 29.

138 The Liquidators submitted that Yangbum and Mr Loong had failed to
establish that the Liquidators’ refusal to withdraw their consent to act as
the liquidators of the Companies was made without a rational basis. Mr Loong’s
claim to be the beneficial owner of the Companies in the 25 March Letter was
not supported by any objective evidence. For example, Mr Loong had not
disclosed a deed of trust or any other documentation as evidence that Ms Liang
held the shares in the Companies on trust for him. Hence, the Liquidators
concluded that no valid grounds had been disclosed for them to withdraw their
consent to act. In view of this, the Liquidators contended that no rational
creditor or contributory would have concluded that the Liquidators were biased
for refusing to withdraw. 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

DWS at paras 95–102.

139 I agreed with the Liquidators’ submission. In the 30 March Reply, the
Liquidators declined to take a position or view in relation to the allegations
made against Ms Liang as it was “neither appropriate nor necessary” for them
to do so. The Liquidators stated that the content of the 25 March Letter
“[did] not provide any valid reasons or grounds for [the Liquidators] to
withdraw their consent to act as Liquidators of the Companies”. The 30 March
Reply concluded with the Liquidators stating that, in the event that they were
appointed to act as the liquidators of the Companies, they “fully intend[ed]
to carry out their powers, functions, and duties impartially and in accordance
with the law”. 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

LSM at p 48.

In my view, this was a sensible response on the part of the Liquidators given
that Ms Liang was the sole registered shareholder of the Companies and one of
its appointed directors. The Liquidators were not in a position to make a
determination on whether she held the shares in the Companies on trust for Mr
Loong or whether Ms Liang’s appointment as a director was wrongful. In these
circumstances, it was entirely rational for the Liquidators to decline to
withdraw their consent to act as the liquidators of the Companies on the basis
that no valid grounds had been provided for them to do so.

140 Therefore, I found that the Refusal to Withdraw Allegation did not support
Yangbum and Mr Loong’s allegation that the Liquidators were biased.

(F) The Termination of Employees Allegation

141 Sixthly, Yangbum and Mr Loong submitted that on 14 April 2020, shortly
after the Liquidators assumed office, the Liquidators stated that they
intended to terminate all of the Companies’ 121 employees, of whom 86 were
foreign employees. According to Yangbum and Mr Loong, no rational or sensible
liquidator would have acted in such a rash manner. Further, when Yangbum
proposed to transfer the employment of these employees to Yangbum to ensure
that they were not left jobless, the Liquidators (in a letter dated 7 May 2020
(the “7 May Letter”)) “stonewalled” and “came up with ludicrous allegations”
of Yangbum and Mr Loong acting in bad faith. 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

PWS at para 28; Transcript (5 April 2021), p 49 at lines 11–24; p 50 at lines
1–12; p 51 at lines 9–21.

142 During the hearing, counsel for Yangbum and Mr Loong acknowledged that the
Companies’ employees would have to be terminated in any event when the
Companies were liquidated. He clarified that the allegation of bias was based
on the Liquidators’ response to Yangbum’s proposed transfer of the employees.
In the 7 May Letter, the Liquidators had stated that the steps taken by Mr
Loong to effect the transfer of various employees of the Companies to Yangbum
was inconsistent with the injunction order sought by Yangbum in SUM 1698. The
Liquidators had stated that Mr Loong’s conduct was in bad faith as the
Liquidators had agreed to take no further steps in the voluntary winding up of
the Companies pending the disposal of SUM 1698 on the basis that Mr Loong
would also seek to maintain the status quo within the Companies. Despite this,
Mr Loong had acted to transfer employees from the Companies for his own
benefit. In view of this, in the 7 May Letter, the Liquidators reserved their
rights to ask for (inter alia) an order that Mr Loong take all necessary steps
to unwind the transfers of employees that had already been effected. 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

LSM at pp 117–118.

Counsel for Yangbum and Mr Loong submitted that this was irrational and
unacceptable behaviour on the part of the Liquidators, as follows: 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

Transcript (5 April 2021), p 54 at lines 10–21.

You know, with respect, is this the behaviour of sensible liquidators? You
don’t want the employees, we took them off your hands so that they will be
around in the event that we are able to save the companies. Then you turn
around, you attack us for acting in bad faith. And then you say unwind the
transfers, in other words, make them employees again of these companies so
that we can fire them.

I mean, Your Honour, this shows, Your Honour, conduct which is surely not
acceptable. I mean really, you just want them to be reinstated so that you can
fire them and we have taken them off your hands. I mean we didn’t expect
gratitude, but we didn’t expect an attack of this sort, Your Honour.

143 The Liquidators’ version of events is vastly different. The Liquidators
contended that they had made a good faith agreement with Mr Loong to maintain
the status quo of the Companies pending the resolution of the injunction
application in SUM 1698. In complete disregard of this agreement, Mr Loong had
surreptitiously attempted to transfer the employees from the Companies to
Yangbum without notifying the Liquidators. The Liquidators submitted that
their demand for Mr Loong to unwind the transfer of these employees was made
in response to Mr Loong’s deliberate breach of this good faith agreement. It
was not indicative of bias. 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

DWS at paras 131 and 133.

During the hearing, counsel for the Liquidators also explained that they had
asked for the unwinding of the transfers as a matter of proper process. Half
of the Companies’ employees were foreign workers, in respect of which the
Liquidators were potentially accountable to the Inland Revenue Authority of
Singapore, the Ministry of Manpower and the Immigration and Checkpoints
Authority. Therefore, counsel for the Liquidators contended that Yangbum and
Mr Loong should have written to the Liquidators with a list of employees to be
transferred instead of surreptitiously transferring these employees to
Yangbum. 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

Transcript (5 April 2021), p 88 at lines 18–24 and p 89 at lines 1–18.

144 Further, the Liquidators submitted that no rational creditor or
contributory would have reasonably perceived the intended termination of the
employees as evidence of bias, especially in a solvent liquidation where the
employees were likely to be paid in full and in priority. The termination of
the employees of a company in liquidation was undertaken as a matter of course
when the business of that company ceased. In any event, the Liquidators had
not yet terminated any of the employees as Yangbum and Mr Loong had obstructed
the Liquidators from obtaining the complete employment records of the
Companies’ employees which were in their possession. 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

DWS at paras 132–136.

145 Having considered the parties’ submissions, I was of the view that the
Termination of Employees Allegation did not support Yangbum and Mr Loong’s
allegation of bias on the part of the Liquidators. On the contrary, the 7 May
Letter, on which Yangbum and Mr Loong sought to rely, supported the
Liquidators’ version of events. The 7 May Letter recorded that the Liquidators
had “agreed to take no further steps in the voluntary winding up of the
[C]ompanies pending the disposal of SUM 1698 … on the basis that [Mr Loong]
would also seek to maintain the status quo within the Companies”. 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

LSM at p 117.

It was Mr Loong who had breached this agreement by taking steps to transfer
the employment of various employees to Yangbum. In these circumstances, the
Liquidators certainly had a rational basis for reserving their rights to seek
orders for Mr Loong to cease taking any further steps to transfer any
employees from the Companies to Yangbum and for Mr Loong to take all necessary
steps to unwind the transfers that had already been effected. I agreed with
the Liquidators’ submission that this was a matter of proper process. In my
view, this neither demonstrated actual bias nor gave rise to a reasonable
perception of bias.

(G) The Proofs of Debt Allegation

146 Finally, Yangbum and Mr Loong submitted that the Liquidators had made no
perceptible effort to adjudicate Yangbum’s proofs of debt, which were
submitted on 30 September 2020 (more than five months ago), even though
Yangbum was the most significant creditor of each of the Companies. As I have
noted at [11] above, the provisional debt owed by the Companies to Yangbum
amounted to more than $10.8m. According to Yangbum and Mr Loong, the
Liquidators did not provide any basis for delaying the adjudication of
Yangbum’s proofs of debt. 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

PWS at paras 19, 30–31 and 52(f).

Counsel for Yangbum and Mr Loong submitted that the Liquidators appeared to be
waiting for Ms Liang to submit any proofs of debt that she might have, even
though Ms Liang had no conceivable claim against the Companies. 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

Transcript (5 April 2021), p 60 at lines 1–12.

147 On the other hand, the Liquidators stated that they were examining
Yangbum’s proofs of debt and would adjudicate on Yangbum’s claims as soon as
they were able to do so. However, due to the delay in the handover of all the
books and records of the Companies, which was partly caused by Yangbum and Mr
Loong (and which was the subject of SUM 310, SUM 303 and SUM 330), the
Liquidators had not been able to properly examine Yangbum’s proofs of debt.
149

##### Foot Note 149

×

DWS at para 7.

148 In my view, the fact that the Liquidators had not yet adjudicated
Yangbum’s proofs of debt did not support Yangbum and Mr Loong’s allegation of
bias, especially when the delay was attributable to Yangbum and Mr Loong’s
unwillingness to cooperate with the Liquidators.

149 In Petroships, the applicant made a similar allegation based on the
liquidators’ failure to promptly adjudicate one creditor’s proof of debt. In
rejecting this submission, Coomaraswamy J observed that the applicant had
itself “contributed to the delay by withholding its assistance to the
liquidators in considering [the creditor’s] proof of debt”. Having contributed
to the delay in the liquidators’ adjudication of the proof of debt, the
applicant “surely [could not] now say that the liquidators [had] failed to
adjudicate the proof of debt promptly” (Petroships at [228]–[230]).

150 Similar observations could be made in the present case. Notwithstanding
repeated requests by the Liquidators, they had not yet been provided with a
complete set of all the books and assets belonging to the Companies (see [46]
above). This was precisely why the Liquidators filed SUM 310, SUM 303 and SUM
330 seeking orders for the Respondents to comply with the October 2020 Orders
within a fixed timeframe. Without these books and assets, the Liquidators were
unable to properly examine and adjudicate Yangbum’s proofs of debt. While
Yangbum and Mr Loong were not the Respondents in the summonses, the first
respondent in each of the summonses was a director of the Companies who had
been appointed by Mr Loong and who took instructions from him (see [9] above).
The second and third respondents were employees of Yangbum and took
instructions from Yangbum (see [1] and [39] above). Having contributed to the
delay in the Liquidators’ adjudication of Yangbum’s proofs of debt, Yangbum
and Mr Loong could not now rely on the Liquidators’ delay in adjudicating
these proofs as evidence of actual bias on the part of the Liquidators. Nor
could this delay give rise to a reasonable perception of bias in the
circumstances.

(H) Practical consequences of removing the Liquidators

151 As both parties made submissions on the practical consequences of removing
the Liquidators, I shall also address this point for completeness. In my view,
the practical considerations further supported my conclusion that the removal
and replacement of the Liquidators was not in the real, substantial and honest
interest of the liquidation of the Companies.

152 Although the Liquidators’ work was hindered by the fact that they had yet
to receive a complete set of the Companies’ books and assets, it had been more
than a year since the Liquidators were appointed (on 30 March 2020). In these
circumstances, it was likely that their removal and replacement with the
alternative liquidators proposed by Yangbum and Mr Loong would occasion
further costs, delay and disruption in the liquidation process of the
Companies. Further, given the history of the acrimonious relationship between
Mr Loong and Ms Liang, it was unlikely that Ms Liang, as the sole registered
shareholder and director of the Companies, would accept the appointment of
these alternative liquidators without contention.

153 In view of my findings that Yangbum and Mr Loong’s allegations of bias on
the part of the Liquidators were unsubstantiated, I also agreed with the
Liquidators’ submission that their removal would cast an unwarranted shadow
over their professional standing and reputation. This would not have been fair
to the Liquidators.

154 Therefore, Yangbum and Mr Loong failed to show cause that justified the
removal of the Liquidators.

155 On the contrary, I agreed with the Liquidators that they had acted to
advance the interests and purpose of the liquidations from the outset of their
appointment. The Liquidators were appointed on 30 March 2020. The day
immediately after their appointment (ie, 31 March 2020), they made their first
request for the relevant documents, books and assets of the Companies (see
[35] and [52] above).

156 Unfortunately, Yangbum and Mr Loong were uncooperative and tried to
frustrate the work of the Liquidators as they were against the liquidation of
the Companies. I shall now summarise some of their actions as elaborated in
the Liquidators’ submissions.

Yangbum and Mr Loong’s attempts to frustrate the work of the Liquidators

157 Before the final disposal of Mr Loong’s injunction application in SUM
1698, and in breach of the parties’ agreement to maintain the status quo, Mr
Loong surreptitiously took steps to transfer the Companies’ employees to
Yangbum without notifying the Liquidators. Yangbum and Mr Loong then argued
that the Liquidators had acted in an unreasonable and biased manner because
they had asked for the transfers of the employees to be unwound (see
[141]–[142] above). 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

DWS at para 63(b).

158 After Mr Loong failed to lawfully restrain the liquidation of the
Companies through SUM 1698, Yangbum and Mr Loong resorted to obstructing the
Liquidators from obtaining the books of the Companies from the Companies’
officers and agents. 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

DWS at para 48.

159 Between 31 March 2020 and the filing of the s 313(5) Applications on 29
July 2020, the Liquidators sent three tranches of letters to the Respondents
seeking the books and assets of the Companies. However, no response was
received from the Respondents. 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

DWS at para 53.

160 On 6 July 2020, the Liquidators telephoned Mr Tan Boon Hwa (one of the
directors of Ace Class), Mr Sim Chee Wei (one of the directors of Qing Lian)
and Mr Su. Mr Tan Boon Hwa, Mr Sim Chee Wei and Mr Su were the Respondents in
SUM 310, SUM 303 and SUM 330. In the telephone conversations, all three
individuals informed the Liquidators that they would only deliver up and
surrender the Companies’ books and assets if they were served with an order of
court. 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

DWS at para 54.

161 Subsequently, on 9 July 2020 and 20 July 2020, the Liquidators wrote to Mr
Loong to seek his cooperation for the delivery up and surrender of the
Companies’ books and assets. The Liquidators emphasised that they had
continuing obligations to exercise their powers, functions and duties
expeditiously in the interests of the liquidations. As the Companies’ books
and assets were necessary for the Liquidators to carry out their functions and
duties, they requested Mr Loong to make the necessary arrangements to deliver
the Companies’ books and assets by 27 July 2020. 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

DWS at para 55.

162 However, by 29 July 2020, neither Mr Loong nor the Respondents had
responded to the Liquidators’ requests. In the course of the s 313(5)
Applications and subsequent correspondence after the October 2020 Orders, it
became apparent that Mr Loong (through Yangbum) was instructing the
Respondents not to cooperate with the Liquidators, in complete disregard of
the October 2020 Orders and the interests and purpose of the liquidations. 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

DWS at paras 56–57.

163 Notwithstanding the clear terms of the October 2020 Orders, Yangbum, Mr
Loong and the Respondents continued to resist the delivery of a complete set
of the Companies’ books and assets to the Liquidators. 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

DWS at para 60.

When documents were delivered to the Liquidators, they were delivered in a
haphazard and piecemeal manner, in four separate batches over four months. 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

DWS at paras 63(i) and 63(l).

The Respondents also inexplicably refused to provide soft copies of these
documents (see [46] above). 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

DWS at paras 63(j)–63(k).

Subsequently, Yangbum and Mr Loong commenced OS 1061 seeking the removal of
the Liquidators. However, as I have explained at [113]–[150] above, Yangbum
and Mr Loong’s allegations of bias on the part of the Liquidators were
unfounded and unmeritorious. 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

DWS at para 65.

Conclusion on cause for the removal of the liquidators

164 Therefore, I found that Yangbum and Mr Loong had not shown that the
removal of the Liquidators was in the real, substantial and honest interest of
the liquidation of the Companies and would advance the purposes for which the
Liquidators were appointed. Yangbum and Mr Loong had failed to show that the
Liquidators were guilty of actual bias or had conducted themselves in a manner
that gave rise to a reasonable perception of bias. Further, the practical
consequences weighed against removing the Liquidators in the circumstances of
this case. On the contrary, the evidence showed that Yangbum and Mr Loong had
attempted to frustrate the work of the Liquidators and had demonstrated
hostility to the liquidation of the Companies.

Conclusion

165 For the above reasons, I granted the Liquidators’ applications in SUM 310,
SUM 303 and SUM 330, save that I allowed the Respondents four weeks from the
date of the orders to comply with the October 2020 Orders. I dismissed Yangbum
and Mr Loong’s application for the removal of the Liquidators in OS 1061.

Costs

166 The Liquidators submitted that costs of SUM 310, SUM 303, SUM 330 and OS
1061 should be ordered against the Respondents on an indemnity basis. With
regard to SUM 310, SUM 303 and SUM 330, the Liquidators contended that the
Respondents’ conduct was not only disingenuous but also demonstrated an
extreme lack of respect for the court’s rulings and orders. Further, the
Liquidators emphasised that the Respondents had resisted the imposition of a
timeframe for compliance with the October 2020 Orders at the hearing on 2
October 2020, yet had subsequently refused to comply with the October 2020
Orders. In doing so, the Respondents had wasted considerable time, costs and
judicial resources. 160

##### Foot Note 160

×

AWS at paras 29–32; DWS at paras 10 and 140.

167 In my view, having regard to the principles set out by Chan Seng Onn J in
Airtrust (Hong Kong) Ltd v PH Hydraulics & Engineering Pte Ltd [2016] 5 SLR
103 (at [17]–[24] and [50]), an award of indemnity costs was not justified in
the circumstances of the present case. Notwithstanding my findings above, the
conduct of the Respondents in SUM 310, SUM 303 and SUM 330 and the conduct of
Yangbum and Mr Loong in OS 1061 did not warrant an award of indemnity costs.

168 The hearing before me on 5 April 2021 took approximately half a day. The
time spent on SUM 310, SUM 303 and SUM 330 was less than 45 minutes. Under the
Costs Guidelines in Appendix G of the Supreme Court Practice Directions, costs
for an application on the normal list lasting less than 45 minutes would be in
the range of $1,000 to $3,000. The Liquidators sought costs of $3,000 while
the Respondents asked for costs to be fixed at $1,000. I ordered the
Respondents to pay the Liquidators costs fixed at $3,000 (plus disbursements)
in respect of SUM 310, SUM 303 and SUM 330. 161

##### Foot Note 161

×

HC/ORC 2105/2021 (SUM 310); HC/ORC 2103/2021 (SUM 303); HC/ORC 2104/2021 (SUM
330).

169 With regard to OS 1061, under the Costs Guidelines, costs for a
contentious originating summons before the General Division of the High Court
(without cross-examination) were $12,000 per day. Having considered both
parties’ submissions on costs, I saw no reason to depart from the starting
point of $6,000 for a half-day hearing. Therefore, I ordered Yangbum and Mr
Loong to pay the Liquidators costs fixed at $6,000 (plus disbursements) in
respect of OS 1061. 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

HC/ORC 2102/2021 (OS 1061).

Tan Siong Thye  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Michael Anthony Palmer, Lim Wei Ming Keith, Wu Siyue and Daryl Tan (Quahe Woo
& Palmer LLC) for the applicants in SUM 310, SUM 303 and SUM 330 and the
defendants in OS 1061;

Harish Kumar s/o Champaklal, Tng Sheng Rong, Devathas Satianathan, Marissa
Zhao Yunan and Zheng Yirong (Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP) for the first to
third respondents in SUM 310, SUM 303 and SUM 330 and the plaintiffs in OS
1061;

Han Guangyuan Keith (Oon & Bazul LLP) for the fourth respondent in SUM 310.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 10 Jun 2021 (13:55 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

