Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the COURT OF APPEAL of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGCA 57

Civil Appeal No 113 of 2020

Between

(1)| Crest Capital Asia Pte Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| Crest Catalyst Equity Pte Ltd  
(3)| The Enterprise Fund III Ltd  
(4)| VMF3 Ltd  
(5)| Value Monetization III Ltd  
  
… Appellants

And

(1)| OUE Lippo Healthcare Ltd (formerly known as International Healthway
Corporation Ltd)  
---|---  
(2)| IHC Medical Re Pte Ltd  
  
… Respondents

In the matter of Suit No 441 of 2016

Between

(1)| OUE Lippo Healthcare Ltd (formerly known as International Healthway
Corporation Ltd)  
---|---  
(2)| IHC Medical Re Pte Ltd  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

(1)| Crest Capital Asia Pte Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| Crest Catalyst Equity Pte Ltd  
(3)| The Enterprise Fund III Ltd  
(4)| VMF3 Ltd  
(5)| Value Monetization III Ltd  
(6)| Fan Kow Hin  
(7)| Aathar Ah Kong Andrew  
(8)| Lim Beng Choo  
  
… Defendants

Judgment

[Civil Procedure] — [Costs]

[Civil Procedure] — [Judgment and orders]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Crest Capital Asia Pte Ltd and others

  
v

  

OUE Lippo Healthcare Ltd (formerly known as International Healthway Corp Ltd)
and another

[2021] SGCA 57

Court of Appeal — Civil Appeal No 113 of 2020

  

Judith Prakash JCA, Steven Chong JCA and Belinda Ang Saw Ean JAD  
29 January 2021

24 May 2021 Judgment reserved.

Steven Chong JCA (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 This judgment deals with two issues occasioned by this court’s decision in
allowing the appeal by the fourth and fifth appellants in CA/CA 113/2020
(“VMF3” and “VMIII”, respectively), while dismissing the appeal by the first
to third appellants (“Crest Capital”, “Crest Catalyst” and “EFIII”,
respectively) (collectively, the “Crest Entities”): see Crest Capital Asia Pte
Ltd and others v OUE Lippo Healthcare Ltd (formerly known as International
Healthway Corp Ltd) and another and other appeals [2021] SGCA 25 (“the Appeal
Judgment”).

2 The first issue pertains to a consequential order (“the Consequential
Order”) sought by VMF3 and VMIII (the “Consequential Order Issue”):

that the sums VMIII paid the [respondents] in satisfaction of the judgment sum
be restored to VMIII, together with interest at 5.33% p.a. calculated from the
date of receipt.

3 The second issue pertains to how costs should be ordered in relation to the
respondents’ claims against VMF3 and VMIII, both at first instance and on
appeal (“the Costs Issue”).

4 In the Appeal Judgment at [3], we cautioned that when different principals
are represented by the same set of lawyers, it is essential to undertake a
separate factual inquiry as to whether the acts or omissions of their
representatives and/or agents can be attributed to each of the principals. An
omission to do so may lead the parties to overlook this critical distinction,
resulting in the court treating these principals alike although they might in
fact be situated differently. The risk of unintended consequences in treating
all the principals alike can also occur in a post-judgment scenario when one
of the principals, as a judgment debtor, pays the full judgment debt in
discharge of the joint and several liability of all the principals. That risk
materialised in this case precisely because one of the appellants, VMIII, paid
the judgment debt and the costs in discharge of the joint and several
liability of all the Crest Entities. Through the two issues outlined above,
VMIII seeks to undo the unintended consequences of its payment of the judgment
debt and costs on behalf of all the Crest Entities.

5 After due consideration of the parties’ respective submissions on the two
issues, our decision, in brief, is as follows:

(a) On the Consequential Order Issue, the sums paid by VMIII to the
respondents should not be restored to VMIII. The sums paid by VMIII were, in
our view, meant to discharge the joint and several liability of the same
indivisible judgment debt on behalf of all the Crest Entities. Therefore,
VMIII should look to Crest Capital, Crest Catalyst and EFIII for reimbursement
of the funds that it had paid out on behalf of all the Crest Entities.

(b) On the Costs Issue, the costs order at first instance should be upheld.
VMIII should likewise look to Crest Capital, Crest Catalyst and EFIII for
reimbursement of the costs that it had paid out on behalf of all the Crest
Entities. As for the costs order on appeal, the respondents are to pay VMF3
and VMIII costs fixed at $30,000 inclusive of disbursements. Such costs are to
reflect the limited ground on which their appeals succeeded.

Consequential Order Issue

Background

6 At first instance, the Crest Entities were found to be jointly and severally
liable (along with others) to the respondents to the tune of some $12.6m.
Thereafter, the respondents’ solicitors, Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP (“R&T”)
wrote to the Crest Entities’ solicitors at the time, WongPartnership LLP
(“WongP”) demanding that the Crest Entities pay the judgment sum by late July
2020. In the same month, the Crest Entities filed a notice of appeal, and
applied for a stay of execution. However, the stay application was eventually
withdrawn.

7 In early August 2020, the respondents commenced various enforcement
proceedings against the Crest Entities. On 18 August 2020, Tham Lijing LLC
took over from WongP as solicitor for VMF3 and VMIII. On 28 August 2020, after
Tham Lijing LLC had taken over as solicitor for VMF3 and VMIII, WongP proposed
to R&T for the judgment sum to be paid over three instalments in return for a
stay of the enforcement proceedings. It is not disputed that this proposal by
WongP was agreed to by all the Crest Entities on 29 August 2020. VMIII
thereafter paid the sum of about $10.3m to the respondents for the judgment
debt and the interest accruing thereon.

8 After VMF3’s and VMIII’s appeals were allowed, Tham Lijing LLC wrote to R&T,
demanding repayment of the sums referred to in the preceding paragraph with
interest. R&T declined to do so.

The parties’ positions

VMF3 and VMIII

9 VMF3 and VMIII rely on the established principle that upon a successful
appeal, “the appellate court will direct the respondent to restore to the
appellant the money paid or the property transferred under the original
order”: see Charles Mitchell. Paul Mitchell and Stephen Watterson, Goff &
Jones: The Law of Unjust Enrichment (Sweet & Maxwell, 9th Ed, 2016) (“Goff &
Jones”) at para 26-02. According to them, VMIII paid out the $10.3m under
legal compulsion, due to (a) the enforcement proceedings against it; and (b)
its joint and several liability for the judgment sum. Since VMIII is no longer
liable to the respondents, the bases underlying VMIII’s payments are
extinguished. Therefore, if the respondents are not ordered to repay the
$10.3m to VMIII, it would be tantamount to rendering VMIII’s appeal nugatory
and penalising VMIII for complying with the orders at first instance.

The respondents

10 The respondents raise six grounds to oppose the Consequential Order sought
by VMF3 and VMIII:

(a) First, the $10.3m was neither paid only by VMIII, nor paid to discharge
only VMIII’s liability. There was no suggestion that (i) the $10.3m was paid
only on behalf of VMIII and VMF3; or that (ii) the $10.3m was paid in exchange
for a stay of the enforcement proceedings only as against VMF3 and VMIII. On
the contrary, the $10.3m was paid by VMIII on behalf of all the Crest
Entities, and received by the respondents on that basis. That the money was
paid by VMIII does not mean that the money was paid on behalf of VMIII alone.

(b) Second, the correspondence between R&T and WongP resulted in a binding
contract between the respondents and the Crest Entities, where the Crest
Entities undertook to make payments to the respondent and in exchange, the
respondents agreed to withdraw the enforcement proceedings. There is no
provision in this alleged contract that the sums paid by VMIII are to be
refunded to VMIII in the event that VMIII’s appeal succeeds.

(c) Third, the respondents were not unjustly enriched. There remains the
alleged contract between the Crest Entities and the respondents (see [(b)]
above) which bar any claims in unjust enrichment. Further, there is no total
failure of consideration since the $10.3m payment discharged Crest Capital,
Crest Catalyst and EFIII’s liability, which was upheld on appeal. For the same
reasons, the respondents have detrimentally changed their position.

(d) Fourth, it would be unfair for the respondents to repay the $10.3m and to
revert to having an unsatisfied judgment debt against Crest Capital, Crest
Catalyst and EFIII. The respondents have proceeded on the basis of the
judgment sum being satisfied in full and have therefore not taken any further
enforcement steps against Crest Capital, Crest Catalyst and EFIII.

(e) Fifth, the respondents submit that it is for a judgment debtor who is
jointly and severally liable with others, and who pays the judgment debt on
behalf of all the judgment debtors, to seek contribution from the other
judgment debtors. VMIII should therefore look to the other judgment debtors,
ie, Crest Capital, Crest Catalyst and EFIII, and not the respondents for
reimbursement of the $10.3 million or any part thereof.

(f) Sixth, there is neither evidence that the $10.3m actually came from VMIII
nor evidence as to why VMIII would pay the entire judgment debt for Crest
Capital, Crest Catalyst and EFIII notwithstanding the finding of joint and
several liability of all the Crest Entities by the court below. In fact, the
precise position of these three entities as regards VMIII’s application for
the Consequential Order remains unknown to this court.

In fact, the post-judgment correspondence suggested otherwise, in that the
Crest Entities requested the respondents to inform the banks that they wished
to apply the funds in VMIII’s and EFIII’s bank accounts (which were subject to
garnishee orders) towards the satisfaction of the judgment sum.

Our decision

11 In our view, it will be helpful to first explain the basis of the rule for
the restitution of benefits conferred pursuant to a judgment that is
subsequently reversed (which, for convenience, shall be referred to as the
“restitutionary rule”). Tham Lijing LLC did not explicitly state that this
restitutionary rule is based on unjust enrichment, and we think for good
reason. Even the treatise cited by Tham Lijing LLC does not rationalise the
restitutionary rule on the basis of unjust enrichment. Instead, the
restitutionary rule is justified as part of the court’s “procedural mechanisms
whose function is to reduce the risk of judicial error”: Goff & Jones at
26-05. Put differently, the restitutionary rule is rationalised as a practical
instrument through which the court can undo the judgment below and results
thereof, ie, as a rule of judicial policy. As explained by Lord Nicholls in
Nykredit Mortgage Bank PLC v Edward Erdman Group Ltd (formerly Edward Erdman
(an unlimited company)) [1997] 1 WLR 1627 at 1637: “when ordering repayment
the [court] is unravelling the practical consequences of orders made by the
courts below and duly carried out by the unsuccessful party”.

12 While we set out our reasons in relation to both bases below, in our
judgment, the outcome on the facts of this case as regards the Consequential
Order would be the same irrespective of whether the restitutionary rule is
premised on judicial policy or on unjust enrichment.

Policy rationalisation

13 On the basis that the restitutionary rule is a rule of policy designed by
the courts to unravel the practical consequences of the order made by the
lower court, we find it important to first understand the purpose of the
$10.3m payment. If the payment was meant to discharge only VMIII’s liability,
then the restoration of the $10.3m to VMIII would be eminently fair and just,
because it would amount to a direct reversal of the lower court’s erroneous
finding that VMIII is liable. However, if the payment was meant to discharge
all of the Crest Entities’ liability, then the restoration of the $10.3m to
VMIII would not be free from difficulty. This is because such a restoration
would also have the effect of reversing the lower court’s correct finding that
Crest Capital, Crest Catalyst and EFIII are liable to the respondents.

14 Having examined the correspondence between R&T and WongP at the material
time, we agree with the respondents that the $10.3m was intended to discharge
the joint and several liability of all the Crest Entities.

15 There is no dispute that the $10.3m was paid by VMIII following
negotiations between WongP and R&T (for the avoidance of doubt, this is not to
say that this payment was entirely funded by VMIII). The letter from WongP,
which initiated the negotiations, referred to a proposal from “our clients”.
Although by this time, Tham Lijing LLC had already taken over the conduct of
the appeals on behalf of VMF3 and VMIII, there was no indication from WongP’s
letter that the negotiations were done only for the remaining three Crest
Entities ie, Crest Capital, Crest Catalyst and EFIII. In fact, in early
September 2020 before the $10.3m was paid, WongP wrote to R&T to state that
their “clients” (without specifying that it was a reference only to Crest
Capital, Crest Catalyst and EFIII) would pay the $10.3m using the funds from
the bank accounts of EFIII and VMIII. It would not make commercial sense to
interpret the reference to “clients”, to refer only to the clients of WongP as
that would mean that the $10.3m was paid by VMIII to discharge the liability
of Crest Capital, Crest Catalyst and EFIII only.

16 In our view, as the $10.3m was paid by VMIII, this payment would naturally
have been intended to also discharge the liability of at least VMIII and
possibly VMF3 as well, as VMF3 was closely aligned with VMIII. At the same
time, the $10.3m must also have been paid to discharge the liability of the
remaining three Crest Entities, since they were the clients of WongP, which
kickstarted the negotiations (see [15] above). Accordingly, the $10.3m was
clearly paid to discharge the liability of all five Crest Entities. This is
reinforced by the fact that all the Crest Entities were found to be jointly
and severally liable for the same indivisible judgment debt.

17 Our view is further fortified by a letter from Tham Lijing LLC to this
court dated 14 April 2021, which stated that:

On 28 August 2020, WongP wrote to R&T proposing that the judgment sum be paid
in 3 instalments in return for the staying of the execution proceedings. The
Appellants agreed on or about 29 August 2020.

[emphasis added]

Tham Lijing LLC thus accepted that WongP was negotiating on behalf of the
“Appellants”. The reference to “Appellants”, without qualification, must refer
to all of the Crest Entities, and not just VMF3 and VMIII. This is because in
other parts of its letter, Tham Lijing LLC referred to VMF3 and VMIII as the
“4th and 5th Appellants”, and to the remaining three Crest Entities as the
“1st to 3rd Appellants”. Given that Tham Lijing LLC accepted that WongP had
negotiated on behalf of all the Crest Entities, it must follow that Tham
Lijing LLC must have also accepted that the $10.3m paid pursuant to the
negotiations was likewise meant to discharge the joint and several liability
of all the Crest Entities.

18 Since the $10.3m was made to discharge the liability of all five Crest
Entities, a successful appeal by some but not all the Crest Entities would
give rise to the question as to who should bear the risk of non-payment of the
judgment debt. The full reimbursement of the $10.3m to VMIII would mean that
the risk of non-payment would necessarily be borne by the respondents. This
would be plainly unsatisfactory because the respondents did succeed in
resisting the appeals by Crest Capital, Crest Catalyst and EFIII, whose
liability has been discharged by the $10.3m payment. Should the $10.3m be
fully reimbursed to VMIII, the respondents would be compelled to retake steps
to enforce the judgment against Crest Capital, Crest Catalyst and EFIII.
Balanced against this is VMIII’s case that it would be wrong for VMIII to bear
the risk of non-payment as it had succeeded in its appeal together with VMF3.

19 On the specific facts of this appeal, we are of the view that VMIII should
bear the risk of non-payment. VMIII paid the $10.3m to the respondents after
the Crest Entities had lodged the notice of appeal. Significantly, at the time
of the payment, VMIII and VMF3 were already represented by Tham Lijing LLC. By
then, it would have been apparent that VMIII’s and VMF3’s appeals were no
longer completely aligned with those of the remaining three Crest Entities,
and therefore the possibility of VMIII and VMF3 succeeding in their appeals
but that the appeals of the other three Crest Entities would fail could not
have been ruled out. In the circumstances, the onus was on VMIII to protect
itself from the risk of non-payment by requesting contributions from the
remaining Crest Entities before it decided to make the $10.3m payment. It is
not even clear to us whether this was done by VMIII in relation to the
remaining Crest Entities. Instead, VMIII on its face elected to pay the
judgment debt on behalf of all the Crest Entities. If VMIII did not intend to
discharge the liability of Crest Capital, Crest Catalyst and EFIII, then it
was incumbent upon VMIII to state its position clearly, which it did not. In
fact, for the reasons set out in [15]–[17] above, the evidence is to the
contrary.

20 Since VMIII should bear the risk of non-payment, the $10.3m should not be
refunded to it. The proper course of action for VMIII to take, assuming that
it had funded the entire payment of the $10.3m, would be to look to Crest
Capital, Crest Catalyst and EFIII for their contributions to the $10.3m
instead of to the respondents. Just to be clear, in our view, it would make no
difference even if the entire $10.3m was indeed funded by VMIII. The
undeniable fact remains that the $10.3m was intended to discharge the joint
and several liability of all the Crest Entities.

Unjust enrichment rationalisation

21 It is clear to us that that the respondents had been enriched to the tune
of $10.3m, at VMIII’s expense. However, the key question is whether such
enrichment is unjust.

22 The unjust factors that may in principle apply to this restitutionary rule
would be (a) failure of basis; (b) mistaken payment; or (c) legal compulsion
(see Anthony J Papamatheos, “What are the juridical bases of reversal of
judgment restitution?” (2004) 25 Australian Bar Review 268 (“Papamatheos”) at
289). We should add that even taking VMIII’s case at its highest ie, that
there was an unjust factor and hence a prima facie claim in unjust enrichment,
the respondents would still have been able to avail themselves of the change
of position defence in resisting the Consequential Order. The respondents
received the $10.3m from VMIII on the footing that the sum was intended to
discharge the liability of all the Crest Entities. In reliance on the $10.3m
payment, the respondents ceased pursuing enforcement proceedings against Crest
Capital, Crest Catalyst and EFIII.

23 For completeness, we make some brief observations in relation to each of
the three unjust factors. As regards the first unjust factor of failure of
basis, as the respondents have correctly pointed out, if the $10.3m payment
was meant to discharge the liability of all the Crest Entities, it would
follow that there was no total failure of basis since Crest Capital, Crest
Catalyst and EFIII remained liable. Partial failure of basis does not suffice
as an unjust factor to support a claim in unjust enrichment.

24 In relation to the second unjust factor of mistake, we do not think that
there was any operative mistake on the evidence before us. A mistake is
defined by Lord Walker JSC (as he then was) in Pitt v Holt [2013] UKSC 26 at
[108] as either a “mistaken conscious belief” or an “incorrect tacit
assumption” about a state of affairs. However, in the context of VMIII’s
payment of the judgment that was subsequently appealed against, the very fact
of VMIII’s appeal (along with the other Crest Entities) against the judgment
revealed that none of them including VMIII, harboured any mistaken belief or
incorrect assumption about the correctness of the decision below (see also
Papamatheos at 279).

25 In relation to the third unjust factor of compulsion, we similarly do not
think that it applies here. The compulsion that was exerted on VMIII to pay
the judgment debt was entirely legitimate, since such compulsion emanated from
the judgment of the High Court, even though the judgment was subsequently
established to have been erroneously decided. While legal compulsion is a
recognised unjust factor, its relevance is typically limited to a three-party
situation: for instance, where a claimant is forced to pay a third-party to
discharge a joint and several liability shared with the defendant, or where a
claimant is forced to pay a debt owed by the defendant to the defendant’s
creditor (see Graham Virgo, The Principles of the Law of Restitution (OUP, 3rd
Ed, 2015) at p 234). Put differently, the unjust factor of legal compulsion
would support a claim by VMIII against the three unsuccessful Crest Entities
in unjust enrichment, but not against the respondents. As between the VMIII
and the respondents, it cannot be said that the payment of the $10.3 was
unjust, since the compulsion to effect the payment was to prevent further
recourse to legal process which is a normal incident post-judgment (see Peter
Birks, An Introduction to the Law of Restitution (Oxford, 1989) at p 185).

Costs Issue

Background

26 To recap, the High Court ordered the Crest Entities to pay the respondents
costs for the trial to the tune of about $350,000. The $350,000 was fully paid
by VMIII in September 2020, together with the $10.3m payment.

The parties’ positions

VMF3 and VMIII

27 For the costs of the trial below, VMF3 and VMIII seek a refund of the
$350,000 paid by VMIII, for reasons similar to those in relation to the $10.3m
payment. They further estimate their share of the costs below to be at about
$100,000. They thus submit that the respondents should, after refunding the
full sum of $350,000 to VMIII, be allowed to seek recovery of only $250,000
(being $350,000 ![Math Equation](data:image/Png;base64,
iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAABQAAAATCAYAAACQjC21AAAAAXNSR0IArs4c6QAAAARnQU1BAACxjwv8YQUAAAAJcEhZcwAADsMAAA7DAcdvqGQAAAA+SURBVDhPY/hPZTBqIOVg1EDKAYaBnz9//n/mzBmiMEgtOsAw8ObNm/8DAwOJwiC16GA0UigHowZSCv7/BwACE87SVA9eowAAAABJRU5ErkJggg==)
$100,000) from Crest Capital, Crest Catalyst and EFIII. In addition, the
respondents are also to pay them costs of $100,000.

28 For their appeal costs, VMF3 and VMIII are not seeking their full estimated
costs of about $100,000. Instead, they seek only costs from the respondents to
the tune of $80,000, which, coincidentally or otherwise, is the same amount
that Crest Capital, Crest Catalyst and EFIII have been ordered to pay the
respondents.

The respondents

29 For the costs of the trial below, the respondents submit that:

(a) No order as to costs should be made in favour of VMF3 and VMIII.

(i) The Crest Entities’ positions were aligned during the trial below, as they
relied on the same set of pleadings and on the evidence of the same witness.
This was notwithstanding an apparent conflict of interest between VMF3 and
VMIII on one hand, and the remaining the Crest Entities on the other. Given
that the Crest Entities ran their case jointly during the trial below, VMF3’s
and VMIII’s costs cannot be separated from those of the remaining Crest
Entities. In the same vein, the High Court ordered the Crest Entities to pay
costs on a joint and several basis. Therefore, if the respondents are to be
liable to VMF3 and VMIII for the costs of the trial below, it would have the
effect of the respondents subsidising the costs of Crest Capital, Crest
Catalyst and EFIII.

(ii) Further, the Crest Entities, including VMF3 and VMIII, ran a very wide
defence in the trial below, the large part of which failed.

(b) In the alternative, a Sanderson order should be made such that Crest
Capital, Crest Catalyst and EFIII should be liable for VMF3’s and VMIII’s
costs.

(i) It was reasonable for the respondents to have pursued against VMF3 and
VMIII, since they were parties to the Disputed Facilities.

(ii) Further, this court found that VMF3 and VMIII were misled by the
investment memorandums for which the remaining Crest Entities were
responsible.

30 For their appeal costs, the respondents accept that they should be liable
to VMF3 and VMIII for their costs. However, the respondents submit that VMF3’s
and VMIII’s appeals only succeeded on a narrow issue, ie, on the issue of
proof of attribution while the remaining points raised by VMF3 and VMIII on
appeal failed. To that extent, the quantum of costs should not be the full sum
estimated by VMF3 and VMIII at $100,000, but only a quarter of that or
$25,000.

Our decision

Costs of the trial below

(i) Refund of the $350,000

31 The first issue with respect to the costs below is whether the $350,000 in
costs paid by VMIII should be fully refunded to VMIII. We are of the view that
there should be no refund, for the same reasons as those set out in [13]–[20]
above. The Crest Entities were found to be jointly and severally liable for
the costs below, and the $350,000 paid by VMIII was likewise intended to
discharge the joint and several liability for costs of all the Crest Entities.
That being the case, it is for VMIII to seek contribution from the remaining
Crest Entities in the same way as it would have to look to the remaining Crest
Entities for reimbursement of the $10.3m payment (see [20] above).

(ii) Adjustments to the costs order below

32 The second issue relates to the possible adjustment of the costs order
below. VMIII and VMF3 succeeded in their appeals on the limited issue of
attribution. Ordinarily, costs should follow the event, and on that basis
VMIII and VMF3 argue that they should be awarded costs for the trial below in
relation to this issue. In response, the respondents raise two arguments that
they should not be liable to VMII and VMF3 in costs for the attribution issue.
First, they argue that the Crest Entities pursued a joint defence below, and
that the specific issue of attribution was not exhaustively ventilated.
Second, and in the alternative, they argue that it should be Crest Capital,
Crest Catalyst and EFIII which should be liable for VMF3’s and VMIII’s costs
(ie, that a Sanderson order should be ordered), since they were the parties
who concealed the true purpose of the Standby Facility from VMF3 and VMIII.

33 We accept the respondents’ first argument. We observed in [119]–[120] of
the Appeal Judgment that there was some divergence in the court below between
VMF3 and VMIII on one hand, and the remaining three Crest Entities on the
other, in relation to the attribution issue. This issue might not have been
thoroughly and exhaustively explored below, but it was nevertheless explored.
However, the purpose of that observation was to make the point that the
attribution issue was not a new one that took the respondents by surprise. In
other words, it was open to VMF3 and VMIII to pursue the attribution issue on
appeal. Whether any costs should be awarded to VMF3 and VMIII in relation to
the attribution issue is another matter altogether. In our view, for the
reasons that follow, the costs order below should not be disturbed.

34 The costs order below was awarded by the Judge after taking into account
the respondents’ claims and the Crest Entities’ consolidated defences raised
below. The costs incurred by the respondents vis-à-vis all the Crest Entities
would not have been materially different from the costs incurred vis-à-vis the
remaining three Crest Entities whose appeals failed. Even on the footing that
there was some divergence between the Crest Entities in relation to the
attribution issue, such divergence was minimal and would not have caused the
costs incurred below to be materially different between VMF3 and VMIII on the
one hand and the other three Crest Entities on the other, keeping in mind the
following:

(a) The Crest Entities relied on the same set of pleadings, the same Affidavit
of Evidence-In-Chief and the same set of submissions for the trial below.

(b) In the Crest Entities’ written opening statement for the trial below,
there was in fact no reference to the attribution point. The first mention of
the attribution point appears to have been only in the oral opening statement.

(c) In the Crest Entities’ closing submissions for the trial below, only six
paragraphs (out of 490) dealt with the attribution point; in the reply closing
submissions, only eight paragraphs (out of 178) were devoted to the
attribution point.

35 To that extent, as far as the respondents are concerned, it cannot be said
that they incurred more costs by reason of the defence raised by VMF3 and
VMIII generally, or on account of the attribution point specifically. A total
of 14 paragraphs was devoted to the attribution issue, a negligible fraction
of the whole that does not warrant our intervention in the costs order below.
In our view, the costs order below still essentially reflected the same work
done by the respondents, albeit vis-à-vis three instead of all five Crest
Entities. The costs order imposed by the Judge below therefore ought to stand.

36 For completeness, we do not accept the respondents’ second and alternative
argument for a Sanderson order. By way of background, a Sanderson order would
require the losing defendants (in this case, Crest Capital, Crest Catalyst and
EFIII) to be liable for the costs of the successful defendants (in this case,
VMF3 and VMIII). The rationale of a Sanderson order was explained by this
court in Chua Teck Chew Robert v Goh Eng Wah [2009] 4 SLR(R) 716 (“Goh Eng
Wah”) at [40]:

The purpose of a Sanderson order … is to avoid the injustice of a successful
claimant having what he recovers in damages eroded by an order to pay costs to
successful defendants whom it was reasonable for him, when he does not know
which of the defendants to sue, to join … In deciding whether to grant a
Sanderson order, the court’s principal consideration is whether it would be
fair and reasonable for the unsuccessful defendant to bear the costs of the
successful defendant(s) …

37 The crux of the respondents’ argument is that Crest Capital, Crest Catalyst
and EFIII concealed the true purpose of the Disputed Facilities from VMF3 and
VMIII, and thus the former three should be responsible for any costs incurred
by the latter two. We do not find this argument persuasive. As the respondents
themselves recognised, the crucial consideration behind the grant of a
Sanderson order is whether the unsuccessful defendants have shifted some or
all of the liability to the successful defendants, such that the plaintiff was
forced to join the successful defendants to the proceedings (see Goh Eng Wah
at [41], Denis Matthew Harte v Tan Hun Hoe and another [2001] SGHC 19 at
[11(c)]). Here, on the respondents’ own case, they would have pursued VMF3 and
VMIII regardless, since VMF3 and VMIII were parties to the Disputed
Facilities. It cannot be said that the concealment of the true purpose of the
Disputed Facilities by Crest Capital, Crest Catalyst and EFIII caused or
forced the respondents to join VMF3 and VMIII in the suit below.

38 The facts of the present appeal can be contrasted with cases where
Sanderson orders have been imposed. In DBS Vickers Securities (Singapore) Pte
Ltd v Chin Pang Joo and another [2009] SGHC 248, the plaintiff bank sued the
first defendant for losses incurred on the first defendant’s trading account
with the plaintiff. The first defendant claimed that the relevant transactions
were carried out by the second defendant without authorisation. It was
eventually found that the second defendant did have the authorisation to carry
out the relevant transactions. On that basis, the High Court issued a
Sanderson order requiring the first defendant to pay the costs of the second
defendant.

39 In the same vein, in Goh Eng Wah, the titular plaintiff (“Goh”), Robert
Chua Teck Chew (“Chua”) and Daikin Industries Limited (“Daikin Japan”), were
shareholders of Daikin Airconditioning (Singapore) Pte Ltd (“Daikin
Singapore”). Goh sued Chua, Daikin Japan and Daikin Singapore (amongst others)
for payments due under an incentive scheme entered into between them. At the
trial below, Goh succeeded in his claim against Chua but failed in his claims
against the other defendants. Chua appealed against the High Court’s decision
in finding him liable, while Goh appealed against the High Court’s refusal to
order Chua to pay the costs of the other successful defendants (ie, to make a
Sanderson order).

40 On appeal, this court noted that Chua had repeatedly tried to lay blame for
the shortfall in the incentive payments on Daikin Japan and Daikin Singapore,
and continued to do so throughout the course of the trial below (at [41],
[43]). In those circumstances, this court found it just to make Chua liable
for half the costs of Daikin Japan and Daikin Singapore.

41 It can thus be observed that the unsuccessful defendants in the two
authorities mentioned above had all tried to shift the blame on the successful
defendants. In the present case, there was no question of Crest Capital, Crest
Catalyst and EFIII shifting the blame to VMF3 and VMIII. The former might have
misled the latter as to the true purpose of the Disputed Facilities, but that,
if anything, merely meant that VMF3 and VMIII were not blameworthy in contrast
with the remaining three Crest Entities. In this regard, we note that the
remaining three Crest Entities were content for VMF3 and VMIII to pursue this
argument below. Therefore, we are not satisfied that the grant of a Sanderson
order would be appropriate in this case. While the fact remains that VMF3 and
VMIII were misled as to the true purpose of the Disputed Facilities, the
prerogative rests with them as to whether they wish to pursue any claim
against the remaining Crest Entities.

Costs of the appeal

42 The parties agree that the respondents are liable for VMF3’s and VMIII’s
costs. The disagreement only concerns the quantum of such costs.

43 We agree with the respondents that VMF3 and VMIII should not be awarded the
full sum of $100,000, or the alternative amount of $80,000. As the respondents
have pointed out, VMF3 and VMIII succeeded in their appeals only on a narrow
point of proof of attribution, while their remaining arguments were rejected.
While we did engage Mr Toby Landau QC, counsel for VMF3 and VMIII, primarily
on the attribution issue during the oral hearing, the remaining arguments
which we did not accept were nonetheless prominently featured in VMF3’s and
VMIII’s written case on appeal. Further, the questions posed to Mr Landau on
the attribution issue also concerned the sub-issue of pleadings, on which VMF3
and VMIII did not succeed.

44 We are of the view that VMF3 and VMIII should only be awarded slightly less
than one-third of their estimated costs, or $30,000 inclusive of
disbursements.

Conclusion

45 In conclusion, we dismiss the Consequential Order sought by VMF3 and VMIII.
VMIII should look to Crest Capital, Crest Catalyst and EFIII instead of the
respondents for reimbursement of the $10.3m payment if indeed it was funded
entirely by VMIII. We observe that the information as to which party actually
funded the payment of $10.3m resides exclusively with all the Crest Entities.
We find it rather odd that this vital aspect of the payment was inexplicably
omitted by VMIII.

46 In relation to the Costs Issue:

(a) For the costs for the trial below, VMIII should again look to Crest
Capital, Crest Catalyst and EFIII for the reimbursement of the $350,000, and
not the respondents. The costs order imposed below stands.

(b) In relation to the appeal, the respondents are to pay VMF3 and VMIII costs
fixed at $30,000 inclusive of disbursements.

Judith Prakash  
Justice of the Court of Appeal| Steven Chong  
Justice of the Court of Appeal  
---|---  
Belinda Ang Saw Ean  
Judge of the Appellate Division|  
  
Tan Chee Meng SC, Chng Zi Zhao Joel, Leo Zhen Wei Lionel, Wong Zheng Hui Daryl
and Li Yiling Eden (WongPartnership LLP) for the first to third appellants;

Toby Landau QC (instructed), Tham Lijing and Rachel Low Tze-Lynn (Tham Lijing
LLC) for the fourth and fifth appellants;

Lee Eng Beng SC, Cheng Wai Yuen Mark, Chow Chao Wu Jansen, Sasha Anselm
Gonsalves and Dawn Seow (Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP) for the respondents.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 May 2021 (15:37 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

