Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC 209

Originating Summons No 429 of 2021

In the matter of Section 71 of the Insolvency, Restructuring and Dissolution
Act 2018 (Act 40 of 2018)  
---  
  
DSG Asia Holdings Pte Ltd  
---  
  
… Applicant

grounds of decision

[Companies] — [Schemes of arrangement] — [Section 71 of the Insolvency,
Restructuring and Dissolution Act 2018]

[Companies] — [Schemes of arrangement] — [Disclosure]

[Companies] — [Schemes of arrangement] — [Classification of scheme creditors]

[Companies] — [Schemes of arrangement] — [Deed poll structure]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Re DSG Asia Holdings Pte Ltd

[2021] SGHC 209

General Division of the High Court — Originating Summons No 429 of 2021  
Aedit Abdullah J  
27 May, 23 July, 13 August 2021

13 September 2021

Aedit Abdullah J:

Introduction

1 Companies seeking to implement schemes of arrangement with creditors may use
the procedure set out in s 210 of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed). Or
they may prefer the pre-packaged scheme procedure now set out in s 71 of the
Insolvency, Restructuring and Dissolution Act 2018 (Act 40 of 2018) (“IRDA”).
The group of companies to which DSG Asia Holdings Pte Ltd (the “Applicant”)
belongs started with the former procedure. After encountering opposition from
some creditors, it used the Applicant to switch to the latter. The question in
this case was whether, given the roles of one creditor and the non-disclosure
of information regarding that creditor, it was appropriate to approve the pre-
packaged scheme.

2 I dismissed the application, and the Applicant has filed an appeal. I now
set out my reasons in full.

Background

3 Design Studio Group Ltd (“DSGL”) is the ultimate holding company of a group
of companies (“DSG Group”) that provides joinery manufacturing and interior
fit-out solutions. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Luke Furler’s 1st Affidavit filed in HC/OS 429/2021 (“Furler’s 1st OS 429
Affidavit”) at para 8.

DSG Group has six companies incorporated in Singapore (collectively, the
“Original Singapore Debtors”): DSGL itself, the Applicant, DSG Projects
Singapore Pte Ltd (“DSGP”), DSG Manufacturing Singapore Pte Ltd (“DSGM”),
Design Studio (China) Pte Ltd and Design Studio Asia Pte Ltd. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Furler’s 1st OS 429 Affidavit at p 762.

DSG Group also has three companies incorporated in Malaysia (collectively, the
“Original Malaysia Debtors”): DSG Projects Malaysia Sdn Bhd, DSG Manufacturing
Malaysia Sdn Bhd and DS Project Management Sdn Bhd. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Furler’s 1st OS 429 Affidavit at p 762.

I will refer to the nine companies collectively as the “Original Debtors”.

4 The pre-packaged scheme that the Applicant proposed in this application was
not the DSG Group’s first attempt at a scheme of arrangement to address its
financial difficulties. In October 2020, the DSG Group promoted to their
creditors six schemes for the six Original Singapore Debtors (the “Original
Singapore Scheme”) and three schemes for the three Original Malaysia Debtors
(the “Original Malaysia Scheme”). 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Furler’s 1st OS 429 Affidavit at Tabs 8 and 9.

The nine schemes (collectively, the “Original Schemes”) were inter-
conditional. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Furler’s 1st OS 429 Affidavit at para 27(d).

They contemplated pooling the assets of the Original Singapore Debtors and the
Original Malaysia Debtors for the restructuring and distribution to creditors.
6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Furler’s 1st OS 429 Affidavit at para 27(a).

In HC/OS 917/2020 to HC/OS 922/2020, I granted the Original Singapore Debtors
liberty to convene creditors’ meetings to consider the Original Singapore
Scheme under s 210 of the Companies Act. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

HC/ORC 5664/2020, 5665/2020, 5666/2020, 5667/2020, 5668/2020, 5670/2020.

The Malaysian courts similarly granted the Original Malaysia Debtors liberty
to convene creditors’ meetings to consider the Original Malaysia Schemes. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Furler’s 1st OS 429 Affidavit at para 29.

5 It was undisputed that Oversea-Chinese Banking Corp Ltd (“OCBC”) was a
creditor of DSGL, DSGM and DSGP. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Foo Jee Kee’s 1st Affidavit filed in HC/OS 73/2020 to HC/OS 78/2020 (“Foo’s
1st OS 73 Affidavit”) at para 6; Foo Jee Kee’s 1st Affidavit filed in HC/OS
429/2021 (“Foo’s 1st OS 429 Affidavit”) at para 6; Furler’s 1st OS 429
Affidavit at para 32.

In December 2020, the scheme chairman adjudicated OCBC’s proofs of debt for
the purpose of voting at the creditors’ meetings for the Original Singapore
Scheme (the “Original Singapore Scheme Meetings”). He rejected most of OCBC’s
claims. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Foo’s 1st OS 73 Affidavit at para 11.

Upon OCBC objecting to the adjudication results, an independent assessor was
appointed to adjudicate the claims. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Foo’s 1st OS 73 Affidavit at paras 12–13.

6 Before the independent assessor rendered his decision, the DSG Group
convened the Original Singapore Scheme Meetings on 4 January 2021. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Foo’s 1st OS 73 Affidavit at paras 15, 17 and 18.

Based on the voting amount of the creditors’ claims as adjudicated by the
chairman (the “Original Adjudicated Voting Amounts”), the creditors who voted
for the Original Singapore Scheme satisfied the statutory majority
requirements in s 210(3AB) of the Companies Act. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Furler’s 1st OS 429 Affidavit at para 31; Furler’s 5th Affidavit filed in
HC/OS 73/2020 (“Furler’s 5th OS 73 Affidavit”) at para 28.

The creditors who voted for the Original Malaysia Schemes similarly satisfied
the Malaysian statutory majority requirements. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Furler’s 1st OS 429 Affidavit at para 31; Furler’s 5th OS 73 Affidavit at para
36.

7 Two weeks later, the independent assessor issued his decisions on the claims
of OCBC and another disputing creditor. He admitted the majority of OCBC’s
claims against DSGL and DSGP. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Foo’s 1st OS 73 Affidavit at para 20.

Based on his adjudication results, the Original Singapore Scheme of DSGP would
not have been approved by the requisite statutory majorities. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Furler’s 1st OS 429 Affidavit at paras 32 and 34.

8 In late February 2021, OCBC was notified that the Applicant had executed a
deed poll (the “Deed Poll”) to become a primary co-obligor in respect of all
claims against the Original Debtors that were to be the subject of the present
scheme (the “New Scheme”). 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Furler’s 1st OS 429 Affidavit at para 42; OCBC’s Written Submissions dated 24
May 2021 (“OCBC’s Submissions”) at para 21.

OCBC was also notified that the DSG Group would propose the New Scheme through
the Applicant using the pre-packaged scheme process under s 71 of the IRDA. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

OCBC’s Submissions at para 21.

9 In early March 2021, the Applicant began the vote solicitation for the New
Scheme. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Furler’s 1st OS 429 Affidavit at para 59.

The scheme manager accepted ballot forms until late April 2021. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Furler’s 1st OS 429 Affidavit at para 67.

Of the creditors who voted, 91.57% in number representing 87.33% in value of
the Original Adjudicated Voting Amounts of the voting creditors voted in
favour of the New Scheme. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Furler’s 1st OS 429 Affidavit at para 69.

10 OCBC had raised questions as to the inclusion of related creditors’ votes
in the Original Singapore Scheme Meetings and the vote solicitation for the
New Scheme. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Foo’s 1st OS 73 Affidavit at paras 36–37; Foo’s 1st OS 429 Affidavit at paras
7–8.

In April 2021, the DSG Group informed OCBC that voting by related creditors
was no longer a live issue because the related creditors’ claims had been
assigned to a “Potential White Knight”. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Furler’s 1st OS 429 Affidavit at p 1136, paras 10–12.

I will refer to the assignment as the “Debt Sale”. The DSG Group also informed
OCBC that it had entered into a non-binding term sheet with the potential
white knight. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Furler’s 1st OS 429 Affidavit at p 1136, para 8–9.

Later that month, the DSG Group disclosed to OCBC that the potential white
knight was Allington Advisory Pte Ltd (“Allington”). 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Furler’s 1st OS 429 Affidavit at p 1140, para 6.

11 In June 2021, the Applicant entered into a binding term sheet dated 22 June
2021 (the “Term Sheet”) with Allington. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Furler’s 3rd Affidavit filed in HC/OS 429/2021 (“Furler’s 3rd Affidavit”) at
para 12.

The Term Sheet set out two transactions. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Furler’s 3rd Affidavit at pp 18–19.

First, Allington agreed to invest and acquire a majority stake in DSGL. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Furler’s 3rd Affidavit at p 18.

Second, it agreed to provide an emergency working capital facility to several
companies in the DSG Group including the Applicant. The facility was to be
secured by various assets of the DSG Group. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Furler’s 3rd Affidavit at p 19.

12 A month earlier, the Applicant had filed the originating summons that is
the subject of this decision. It sought the court’s approval of the New Scheme
under s 71 of the IRDA. While OCBC and three other creditors – CSM Works Pte
Ltd, Yong Yuan Construction Pte Ltd, East Tech Glass Services & Construction
Pte Ltd and Jurong Contractor Pte Ltd (the “VLC Creditors”) – opposed the
application, the other creditors at the hearing either supported the
application or took no position. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Notes of Evidence (“NEs”), 27 May 2021, at p 2, lines 6–14.

As the VLC Creditors associated themselves with OCBC, 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

NEs, 27 May 2021, at p 6, line 7.

these grounds of decision will focus on OCBC’s submissions.

Summary of the Applicant’s arguments

13 The Applicant submitted that the court should exercise its discretion to
sanction the New Scheme because all the requirements in s 71(3) of the IRDA
were satisfied and because the Scheme was one that a man of business or an
intelligent and honest man would reasonably approve. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Applicant’s Skeletal Submissions dated 24 May 2021 (“Applicant’s Submissions”)
at para 2.

In particular, to determine whether the statutory majority requirements were
satisfied, Allington was to be placed in the same class as all the other
creditors in the New Scheme, even though Allington might have different
interests as a potential investor and a rescue financier holding security. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Applicant’s Supplemental Submissions dated 19 July 2021 (“Applicant’s
Supplemental Submissions”) at paras 5, 10 and 12.

Further, the Debt Sale was an arm’s length transaction that was not entered
into to manipulate the creditors’ votes. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Applicant’s Supplemental Submissions at para 17.

The Applicant could not disclose the purchase price that Allington paid under
the Debt Sale, but that information did not affect the bona fides of the Debt
Sale or the classification of Allington. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Applicant’s Supplemental Submissions at paras 19–20.

In addition, the use of the deed poll structure to have the Applicant assume
the Original Debtors’ liabilities was appropriate. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Applicant’s Supplemental Submissions at paras 28–30.

Summary of OCBC’s arguments

14 OCBC submitted that the New Scheme should not be sanctioned. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

OCBC’s Submissions at para 61.

Because the DSG Group did not disclose the purchase price of the Debt Sale
before the vote solicitation, the voting process was not a fully informed one.
38

##### Foot Note 38

×

OCBC’s Submissions at para 62.

Additionally, because Allington was the assignee of the related creditors’
claims, a secured creditor and a potential investor, it should not be placed
in the same class as other unsecured creditors for the vote solicitation. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

OCBC’s Written Submissions dated 19 July 2021 (“OCBC’s Supplemental
Submissions”) at para 2(a).

Further, the DSG Group did not establish good grounds for pooling the
liabilities of companies in the group into one entity and asking their
creditors to vote in one scheme. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

OCBC’s Supplemental Submissions at paras 57 and 59.

Decision

15 The application turned on two issues: the adequacy of the Applicant’s
disclosure and the classification of Allington for the purpose of the voting
requirements.

16 The purchase price at which Allington acquired the related creditors’
rights and became a creditor was information necessary to enable creditors to
make an informed decision whether to agree to the New Scheme. Because the
Applicant did not disclose the purchase price, the other unsecured creditors
could not assess whether the New Scheme treated them fairly in comparison to
Allington.

17 As for the classification of the creditors, Allington was classed
separately from all the other creditors in the New Scheme. Allington’s rights
that it would receive as an investor in the ultimate holding company in the
DSG Group gave it an additional non-private interest to vote for the New
Scheme. Thus, the notional voting outcomes did not satisfy the statutory
majority requirements.

Analysis

The statutory provision

18 Two essential elements were in play in this application. First, under s
71(3)(a) of the IRDA, each creditor must be provided with all information
necessary to enable the creditor to make an informed decision whether to agree
to the compromise or arrangement. Second, under s 71(3)(d), the court must be
satisfied that, had a creditors’ meeting been summoned to approve the
compromise or arrangement, the voting requirements in s 210(3AB)(a)–(b) of the
Companies Act would have been met.

The text

19 Section 71 of the IRDA provides as follows:

Power of Court to approve compromise or arrangement without meeting of
creditors

71.—(1) Despite section 210 of the Companies Act but subject to this section,
where a compromise or an arrangement is proposed between a company and its
creditors or any class of those creditors, the Court may, on an application
made by the company, make an order approving the compromise or arrangement,
even though no meeting of the creditors or class of creditors has been ordered
under section 210(1) of that Act or held.

(2) Subject to subsection (10), if the compromise or arrangement is approved
by order of the Court under subsection (1), the compromise or arrangement is
binding on the company and the creditors or class of creditors meant to be
bound by the compromise or arrangement.

(3) The Court must not approve a compromise or an arrangement under subsection
(1) unless —

(a) the company has provided each creditor meant to be bound by the compromise
or arrangement with a statement that complies with subsection (6) and contains
the following information:

(i) information concerning the company’s property, assets, business
activities, financial condition and prospects;

(ii) information on the manner in which the terms of the compromise or
arrangement will, if it takes effect, affect the rights of the creditor;

(iii) such other information as is necessary to enable the creditor to make an
informed decision whether to agree to the compromise or arrangement;

(b) the company has published a notice of the application under subsection (1)
in the Gazette and in at least one English local daily newspaper, and has sent
a copy of the notice published in the Gazette to the Registrar of Companies;

(c) the company has sent a notice and a copy of the application under
subsection (1) to each creditor meant to be bound by the compromise or
arrangement; and

(d) the Court is satisfied that had a meeting of the creditors or class of
creditors been summoned, the conditions in section 210(3AB)(a) and (b) of the
Companies Act (insofar as they relate to the creditors or class of creditors)
would have been satisfied.

…

The object of the statute

20 The legislative purpose or object of a statute is important to interpreting
a provision in the statute. The purpose may be discerned from two types of
sources: (a) the text of the provision and its statutory context; and (b)
extrinsic material, including the second reading speech for the bill
containing the provision, in accordance with s 9A(2)–(4) of the Interpretation
Act (Cap 1, 2002 Rev Ed): Tan Cheng Bock v Attorney-General [2017] 2 SLR 850
at [42]–[45].

21 Regarding the statutory context, s 71 is contained in Part 5 of the IRDA,
which deals with schemes of arrangement. Section 71 is one of the three
provisions in Part 5 that derogate from ss 210 and 211 of the Companies Act: s
63(2) of the IRDA. The other two provisions deal with the power of the court
to order a re-vote and to cram down a scheme. Given that s 71 of the IRDA is a
derogation from s 210 of the Companies Act, the case law regarding s 210 of
the Companies Act should apply except where s 71 requires otherwise.

22 The purpose of the derogation in s 71 may be gleaned from extrinsic
material on its predecessor, s 211I of the Companies Act. In 2016, the
Committee to Strengthen Singapore as an International Centre for Debt
Restructuring (the “Committee”) recommended introducing a pre-pack mechanism
in its report. The Committee described a pre-pack as a pre-negotiated and
agreed plan involving the major creditors, allowing the court to approve the
plan fairly, quickly and efficiently: Report of the Committee to Strengthen
Singapore as an International Centre for Debt Restructuring (20 April 2016)
(“Report”) at para 3.32. As the Committee noted, the speed of the pre-pack
process is both one of its main advantages and the source of concerns that
creditors who are not directly involved in the negotiations may not understand
the plan when they vote: at paras 3.33 and 3.38. The Committee therefore
recommended adopting a pre-pack mechanism with safeguards including
requirements to give adequate disclosure to all creditors and to satisfy the
court that the votes solicited from creditors exceed the majority required to
approve the scheme: at para 3.41.

23 The Committee’s understanding of the pre-pack scheme was reflected in the
second reading speech introducing s 211I of the Companies Act. The Senior
Minister of State described the pre-pack mechanism in s 211I as allowing pre-
negotiated restructurings between the company and its key creditors. Section
211I was to facilitate the court’s approval of pre-packs by allowing the court
to dispense with calling creditors’ meetings if certain safeguards were met:
Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report (10 March 2017) vol 94
(Indranee Rajah, Senior Minister of State for Finance).

24 As the Senior Minister of State explained, Singapore’s pre-pack process is
adapted from the US mechanism in Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code 11 USC (US)
(1978) (the “US Bankruptcy Code”): Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official
Report (10 March 2017) vol 94 (Indranee Rajah, Senior Minister of State for
Finance). Pre-packs under the US Bankruptcy Code are typically used for
“simple balance sheet restructuring” where there is no need to impair ordinary
trade claims: Ben Larkin and Joseph Smolinsky, “Restructuring Through US
Chapter 11 and UK Prepack Administration” in The Law and Practice of
Restructuring in the UK and US (Christopher Mallon and Shai Y Waisman eds)
(Oxford University Press, 2011) ch 8 at para 8.50.

25 To be clear, although Singapore adapted the scheme of arrangement from the
English and Australian companies legislations (see The Oriental Insurance Co
Ltd v Reliance National Asia Re Pte Ltd [2008] 3 SLR(R) 121 (“Oriental
Insurance”) at [33]), Singapore’s pre-pack process differs significantly from
the UK practice of a pre-packaged insolvency sale. In a UK pre-pack, the
debtor company is placed into administration after the restructuring plan is
negotiated, and the administrator implements the plan by selling the company’s
business to a new entity: Report at para 3.37. Unlike a Singapore pre-pack,
which requires the court’s approval, a UK pre-pack mainly uses out-of-court
procedures: see Report at 3.40.

26 In summary, an application under s 71 of the IRDA is an application for
sanction of a scheme on an expedited basis. Actual meetings are avoided. The
two-stage process under s 210 of the Companies Act of obtaining leave to
convene meetings and obtaining sanction after the meetings is compressed into
one stage of obtaining sanction.

27 So the expedition and procedural simplicity granted by the s 71 framework
should generally be used only for clear cases of agreement to pre-arranged
schemes. Where a major creditor objects or the scheme company has difficulty
providing information, that is a strong signal that the s 71 process should
not be utilised and is probably unavailable. In that situation, the company
should use the normal procedure in s 210 of the Companies Act and have matters
resolved through actual meetings and voting by creditors.

Elements

28 It is evident then that the following are essential to obtaining the
court’s approval under s 71 of the IRDA:

(a) disclosure of information; and

(b) satisfaction of the statutory majority requirements in the notional
counting of votes.

29 It is implicit in the latter requirement that the creditors be properly
classified, albeit for the notional counting of votes since there is no actual
voting in a creditors’ meeting. Without proper classification, the statutory
object of providing an efficient yet fair process would not be achieved.

The requirements

30 As the objective of the s 71 process is to provide an expedited process,
the quid pro quo is satisfactory fulfilment of the requirements in s 71.
Neither the IRDA nor the extrinsic materials indicate that a strict standard
should be applied to determine whether the requirements are satisfied.

31 I am prepared in this case to interpret s 71 as requiring only that a clear
case of agreement to the scheme be established. A stricter approach may be
unduly narrow, as the statutory framework is intended to expedite matters
rather than create a mine field for applicants. However, the threshold cannot
be so low as to effectively allow applicants to circumvent the statutory
requirements. A clear case standard strikes an appropriate balance: the
applicant must show a clear case that there has been proper disclosure, as
well as fulfilment of the voting requirements, which in turn entails proper
classification of creditors.

Disclosure of information

32 The Applicant submitted that it had provided creditors with all information
necessary to enable them to make an informed decision whether to vote for the
New Scheme. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Applicant’s Submissions at para 2(a).

In contrast, OCBC submitted that DSG Group had failed to provide full and
frank disclosure of all material information by failing to disclose fully, to
the court and to creditors, the terms of the Debt Sale and of Allington’s
proposed investment. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

OCBC’s Submissions at paras 32–33.

33 On several occasions in April and May 2021, OCBC asked the DSG Group to
disclose the purchase price that Allington had paid in the Debt Sale. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Furler’s 1st OS 429 Affidavit at p 1144, para 5; p 1148, para 4; Foo’s 1st OS
429 Affidavit at p 22, para 5(a).

With Allington’s consent, the Applicant eventually disclosed the sale and
purchase agreement in the course of these proceedings. But the Applicant did
not disclose the pricing letter, which set out the purchase price. That was
because Allington withheld its consent on the ground that the purchase price
was commercially sensitive information. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Furler’s 2nd Affidavit filed in HC/OS 429/2021 at para 13.

34 The disclosure requirement in s 71(3)(a) of the IRDA reflects the
principle, set out in The Royal Bank of Scotland NV (formerly known as ABN
Amro Bank NV) and others v TT International Ltd and another appeal [2012] 4
SLR 1182 at [23], that a scheme company must disclose all material information
to the scheme creditors to enable them to make informed decisions on whether
to support the scheme.

35 OCBC submitted that the purchase price was material information necessary
for creditors to understand how creditors would be treated so that they could
reach an informed view on whether the Scheme was fair. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

OCBC’s Submissions at para 46; OCBC’s Supplemental Submissions at paras 22–23;
NEs, 27 May 2021, at p 4, lines 17–18.

In particular, the purchase price was relevant for creditors to ascertain the
bona fides of the Debt Sale. If Allington paid a nominal purchase price, there
would be grounds to conclude that the Debt Sale was an assignment that was not
at arm’s length and was contrived to circumvent the voting requirements for
the New Scheme. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

OCBC’s Submissions at para 41.

36 The Applicant accepted that the purchase price was relevant to whether the
Debt Sale was bona fide. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Applicant’s letter dated 30 July 2021 at para 18.

It argued, however, that the price was immaterial to this issue. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

NEs, 23 July 2021, at p 9, line 24.

That was because the information that the Applicant did disclose – including
the sale and purchase agreement, 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

NEs, 23 July 2021, at p 2, lines 15–17.

the valuation methodology on which the purchase price was based, 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

NEs, 23 July 2021, at p 2, line 19.

and the scheme manager’s independent assessment that the Debt Sale was a
genuine transaction at arm’s length 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Furler’s 1st OS 429 Affidavit at paras 82–83; Applicant’s Supplemental
Submissions at para 20.

– was sufficient to show creditors (and the court) that the Debt Sale was bona
fide.

37 The Applicant’s argument amounted to an argument that the information it
provided was sufficient to show bona fides, not that the information it
withheld was immaterial to bona fides. A piece of information is immaterial to
a question if, regardless of what that information is, it would make no
difference to the determination of the question. It would, however, make a
difference to the question of bona fides if the purchase price that Allington
paid turned out to be nominal.

38 I found that the purchase price was information necessary to enable
creditors to make an informed decision whether to agree to the New Scheme. For
creditors to be able to make an informed decision whether to agree to a
scheme, they need information that enables them to assess whether the
allocation of loss and the division of benefits is fair and in their
commercial interests: see In re Sunbird Business Services Ltd [2020] Bus LR
2371 at [62]; Re Virgin Atlantic Airways Ltd [2020] EWHC 2376 (Ch) (“Re Virgin
Atlantic Airways”) at [63]. For example, where creditors who would rank pari
passu in a liquidation are treated differently under or excluded from the
scheme, this should be fully disclosed and explained: Re Virgin Atlantic
Airways at [63].

39 The Applicant should have disclosed the purchase price so that creditors
could assess the Debt Sale and Allington’s resulting participation in the New
Scheme for themselves. It would be reasonable for any of the creditors to
consider whether the treatment of Allington under the New Scheme would, in
light of the purchase price that Allington paid, be fair in comparison to the
treatment of that creditor. It is true that, as the Applicant argued, whether
Allington had made a good or bad bargain would make no difference financially
or economically to each creditor’s position. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

NEs, 23 July 2021, at p 9.

But that did not render the purchase price unnecessary to an informed
decision. It was for each creditor to decide what it considered to be fair and
in its commercial interests and to vote on the New Scheme on that basis. Some
might be indifferent to the treatment that Allington would receive, but others
might not. The Applicant should have disclosed the information so that each
creditor could make its own informed assessment of the New Scheme.

40 The Applicant avowed that it had tried, unsuccessfully, to obtain
Allington’s consent to disclose the information. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Applicant’s Supplemental Submissions at para 19.

It also said that the confidentiality provisions in the sale and purchase
agreement prevented the Applicant from unilaterally disclosing the
information. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Applicant’s Supplemental Submissions at para 19.

It submitted that the non-disclosure should therefore not be held against it.
55

##### Foot Note 55

×

NEs, 23 July 2021, at p 2, lines 8–9.

41 But, as OCBC submitted, 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

OCBC’s Supplemental Submissions at para 35.

Allington’s non-disclosure of relevant information was enough to disqualify
the application from the expedited process under s 71 of the IRDA. It was
incumbent on the Applicant to secure, from the beginning, such material
information. The Applicant therefore did not show a clear case of adequate
disclosure as required by s 71(3)(a).

42 In addition to OCBC’s argument on the Applicant’s failure to disclose the
purchase price, the VLC Creditors argued that the Applicant had made
inadequate disclosure of its financial condition in two financial years. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

VLC Creditors’ Written Submissions dated 25 May 2021 (“VLC Creditors’
Submissions”) at paras 79–80.

For those years, the Applicant had disclosed the DSG Group’s management
accounts watermarked “DRAFT”, rather than audited financial statements. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Furler’s 1st OS 429 Affidavit at pp 600–603.

Given my holding on the Applicant’s failure to disclose the purchase price
that Allington paid, it was not necessary to address this argument.

43 The Applicant’s inadequate disclosure provided sufficient reason to dismiss
the application. The failure to fulfil the voting requirements provided
another reason.

Fulfilment of voting requirements

44 The determination whether the statutory majority requirements were met
turned on classification. The requirements for proper classification are
carried over from the case law on s 210 of the Companies Act. It was common
ground that, in determining whether the votes in a hypothetical creditors’
meeting would have satisfied the statutory majority requirements, the court
considers how the creditors would have been classified, since classification
affects how the votes would have been tallied.

45 Like each of the Original Schemes, 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Furler’s 1st Affidavit filed in HC/OS 917/2020 at paras 28, 30 and 32.

the New Scheme had one class of creditors: the unsecured creditors of the
Original Debtors, whose claims the Applicant had assumed under the Deed Poll.
60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Furler’s 1st OS 429 Affidavit at para 50; p 62, para 11; p 73.

Like the Original Schemes, the New Scheme excluded Hongkong and Shanghai
Banking Corporation Ltd (“HSBC”) – which was the only secured creditor of the
Original Debtors, HSBC and Depa United Group PJSC in their capacity as rescue
financiers, and certain creditors who provided essential goods, supplies and
services. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Furler’s 1st OS 429 Affidavit at paras 48–49; p 59, para 4.2; p 77.

46 OCBC submitted that Allington should be placed in a separate class for the
purpose of the notional voting. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

OCBC’s Submissions at paras 56–59; OCBC’s Supplemental Submissions at para 7.

If Allington was placed in a separate class, the statutory majority
requirements would not be met: only about 64% in value of the other unsecured
creditors voted in the vote solicitation in favour of the New Scheme. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Foo’s 1st OS 429 Affidavit at para 28(a)–(f).

47 The hypothetical creditors’ meeting(s) would have been summoned according
to the classification test set out in The Royal Bank of Scotland NV (formerly
known as ABN Amro Bank NV) and others v TT International Ltd and another
appeal [2012] 2 SLR 213 (“TT International (No 1)”) at [131]: those creditors
whose rights are so dissimilar to each other’s that they cannot sensibly
consult together with a view to their common interest must vote in different
classes. If the scheme alters their rights relative to one another, in
comparison to the appropriate comparator, the creditors will have an
additional non-private interest derived from their rights under the scheme to
vote for or against the scheme, as the case may be: TT International (No 1) at
[138] and [140]. They should therefore be classed separately: TT International
(No 1) at [138]. But if a creditor merely has a private interest arising out
of that creditor’s unique circumstances, that private interest does not
warrant creating a separate class: TT International (No 1) at [140].

48 OCBC submitted that Allington and the other unsecured creditors could not
have sensibly consulted together with a view to their common interest. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

OCBC’s letter dated 27 July 2021 at paras 12 and 16.

Allington had a unique role, interests and rights as the assignee of the
related creditors’ claims for an undisclosed consideration; as a creditor
holding security in various assets of the DSG Group to secure the emergency
working capital facility; and as an investor whose investment was effectively
conditional on the court approving the New Scheme. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

OCBC’s letter dated 27 July 2021 at para 12.

49 The Applicant submitted that OCBC’s argument conflated creditors’ rights
with creditors’ interests. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Applicant’s letter dated 30 July 2021 at para 6.

Allington’s rights were not so dissimilar from other unsecured creditors that
they could not have sensibly consulted together with a view to their common
interest. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Applicant’s Supplemental Submissions at para 4.

Allington’s rights in an insolvent liquidation of the Original Debtors, which
was the appropriate comparator, 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Applicant’s Submissions at para 56(a).

would be the same as those of any other unsecured creditor. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Applicant’s Supplemental Submissions at para 4.

Its rights under the Scheme also would be the same as those of any other
unsecured creditor. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Applicant’s Supplemental Submissions at para 4.

50 So the classification of Allington raised two issues:

(a) To what extent should the analytical framework for creditors’ rights and
interests in schemes under s 210 of the Companies Act be transposed to schemes
under s 71 of the IRDA?

(b) Did any of Allington’s roles as assignee, secured creditor or potential
investor render Allington’s rights so dissimilar from other unsecured
creditors that they could not have sensibly consulted together with a view to
their common interest?

(1) Analytical framework for classification of creditors

51 As the Applicant noted, 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

NEs, 23 July 2021, at p 3, lines 17–18; Applicant’s Submissions at paras
62–63.

private interests are not relevant to classification at the leave stage in the
s 210 process (see TT International (No 1) at [140]). Rather, they are
relevant at the sanction stage to whether the views of creditors holding those
private interests can be regarded as fairly representative of their class. For
example, the private interests of related party creditors do not warrant
placing them in a separate class but generally warrant attributing less weight
to their votes: TT International (No 1) at [152]–[155], citing UDL Argos
Engineering & Heavy Industries Co Ltd & Others and Li Oi Lin & Others (2001) 4
HKCFAR 358 (“UDL Argos”) at [27(6)] and Wah Yuen Electrical Engineering Pte
Ltd v Singapore Cables Manufacturers Pte Ltd [2003] 3 SLR(R) 629 at [13] and
[35].

52 The clear distinction in s 210 cases between the leave stage and the
sanction stage is not applicable to a s 71 application. Because the pre-pack
regime in s 71 bypasses the creditors’ meeting, creditors lack the opportunity
to ask questions, to make their views known and to vote at the meeting. The s
71 process also has no distinct sanction stage, which in a s 210 process
serves to ensure the integrity of voting outcomes and the objective fairness
of the scheme: see TT International (No 1) at [70]. Thus, in deciding in one
shot whether to approve a s 71 scheme, the court’s scrutiny has to be directed
to both the rights and the private interests of creditors, as the Applicant
accepted. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

NEs, 23 July 2021, at p 4, lines 26–30; Applicant’s letter dated 30 July 2021
at para 14.

53 This does not mean that both rights and private interests are relevant to
classification. The analytical framework established for s 210 schemes should
apply with the necessary adaptations (see [21] above):

(a) In classifying the creditors to determine whether the notional voting
outcomes would have satisfied the statutory majority requirements in s
210(3AB)(a)–(b) of the Companies Act, the court considers the creditors’
rights.

(b) If the statutory majority requirements would have been satisfied, the
court in deciding whether to approve the scheme must be satisfied, among other
things, that the creditors whose votes were solicited for the purpose of the
notional voting outcomes were fairly representative of the class of creditors
to which they belong: see Oriental Insurance at [43(b)]. As with s 210
schemes, the creditors’ private interests are relevant to this inquiry.

(2) Allington’s roles

54 The Applicant’s overarching argument was that the New Scheme treated all
the scheme creditors identically. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Applicant’s letter dated 30 July 2021 at para 15.

Allington’s interests as a potential investor 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Applicant’s Supplemental Submissions at para 10; Applicant’s letter dated 30
July 2021 at para 14(c).

and as a secured creditor for rescue financing 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Furler’s 4th Affidavit filed in HC/OS 429/2021 at para 11(a); Applicant’s
Supplemental Submissions at para 12; Applicant’s letter dated 30 July 2021 at
para 14(b).

were irrelevant to its classification because they existed outside the New
Scheme.

55 But a creditor’s interest to support or oppose a scheme may arise out of a
right that, though not conferred under the scheme itself, is part of the same
restructuring transaction as a matter of commercial reality. Such an interest
is a non-private interest relevant to classification. That is the effect of
the line of English authorities which includes Re Codere Finance 2 (UK) Ltd
[2020] EWHC 2441 (Ch) (“Re Codere”), a case cited by the Applicant. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Applicant’s Supplemental Submissions at paras 7–11 and 13–14.

56 The question of classification essentially asks whether the scheme should
be regarded as a single arrangement or a number of linked arrangements with
distinct classes: Re Codere at [49], citing Re Hawk Insurance Co Ltd [2001] 2
BCLC 480 at [26] (per Chadwick LJ). As Lord Millett NPJ explained in UDL
Argos, where different groups have different rights against a company, the
company can be regarded as entering into separate but linked arrangements with
those groups. But the company cannot sensibly be regarded as entering into a
separate arrangement with every person or group who has different private
interests not derived from their rights against the company: at [26] and
[27(3)]. That is one reason for distinguishing rights from private interests
when classifying creditors: at [26].

57 It is true that Lord Millett NPJ spoke of linked arrangements forming a
scheme, not of arrangements outside a scheme but linked to it. That said, the
classification test focuses on the ability of creditors to consult together
with a view to their common interest; it focuses on the nature of the
arrangement and the decision-making process relating to it: Re Codere at [49].
As a matter of commercial reality, creditors decide whether to support a
scheme by reference to the whole package of rights received for releasing or
varying their existing rights: Re Codere at [49].

58 Thus, in determining the classification of creditors, the court looks at
the scheme not in isolation but in the context of the restructuring as a
whole. The court considers any rights conferred or to be conferred in other
agreements that are provided for under the terms of the scheme or are
conditional on the scheme: Re Sunbird Business Services Ltd [2020] EWHC 2860
(Ch) at [23]; Re Stemcor Trade Finance Ltd [2016] BCC 194 at [17]–[18]. In
contrast, the court does not consider rights that are genuinely independent of
the scheme and restructuring in a realistic commercial sense: Re Codere at
[53]–[54], citing Re Noble Group Ltd (No 1) [2019] 2 BCLC 505 (“Re Noble
Group”) at [131]–[132] and Re Telewest Communications plc (No 1) [2005] 1 BCLC
752 at [54]. If the rights are technically not conditional on the scheme being
implemented, but they are commercially part of the same transaction and are
highly unlikely to be conferred unless the scheme is implemented, they are
relevant to classification: Re Codere at [52]. Creditors would otherwise be
able to enter into agreements that confer preferential rights without being
classed separately, simply by making those agreements technically not
conditional on the scheme being implemented: Re Codere at [52].

59 Turning first to Allington’s interest as a potential investor, I found that
its rights under the Term Sheet affected its classification. Although the Term
Sheet did not specifically stipulate that Allington’s investment was
conditional on the New Scheme being implemented, it explained that the
investment “[was] being negotiated in order to rescue [DSGL’s] business which
is currently being restructured pursuant to the scheme of arrangement proposed
by [the Applicant] under section 71 of the [Act]” [emphasis added]. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Furler’s 3rd OS 429 Affidavit at p 18.

Further, as DSGL was listed on the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Ltd
(“SGX-ST”), the Term Sheet provided that payment would be subject to the
removal of DSGL from the watchlist of the SGX-ST. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Furler’s 3rd OS 429 Affidavit at p 20.

60 As OCBC argued, 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

NEs, 23 July 2021, at p 7, lines 17–18.

the envisaged investment – Allington’s acquisition of DSGL as a clean shell
listed on the mainboard of the SGX-ST – was effectively conditional on the New
Scheme being approved and implemented. The investment was highly unlikely to
proceed otherwise. Thus, Allington’s interest as a potential investor was
relevant to classification. It was also significant enough to render Allington
unable to consult with the other unsecured creditors with a view to their
common interest.

61 For completeness, I accepted the Applicant’s argument that its role as a
rescue financier was irrelevant to its classification. The Applicant argued
that not only was its claim as a rescue financier excluded from the New Scheme
(see [54] above), but also it received the security in exchange for new money
it extended to companies in the DSG Group. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Applicant’s letter dated 30 July 2021 at para 14(b).

62 Allington’s interest in respect of its rescue financing did not arise out
of the terms of the New Scheme. Further, in contrast to OCBC’s arguments on
Allington’s potential investment, OCBC did not suggest that the rescue
financing was dependent on the New Scheme. OCBC only said that it was not
clear that Allington would receive the security if the New Scheme was not
approved. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

NEs, 23 July 2021, at p 7, lines 16–17.

63 OCBC argued that a scheme financier, or more generally a creditor who has
both a claim under a scheme as an unsecured creditor and a claim excluded from
the scheme, should generally be classed separately from other unsecured
creditors. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

OCBC’s Submissions at para 58; OCBC’s Supplemental Submissions at para 12.

OCBC cited Re Noble Group for this proposition. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

OCBC’s Submissions at para 58; OCBC’s Supplemental Submissions at para 13.

But, as OCBC itself noted, 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

OCBC’s Supplemental Submissions at para 13.

the “excluded claim” of the relevant creditor in Re Noble Group, Deutsche
Bank, was in fact a claim under the scheme: at [92]. For that reason the
English High Court agreed with the scheme company that Deutsche Bank should be
in a class of its own: at [92] and [94]. The scheme conferred different rights
upon Deutsche Bank for the “excluded claim”, making it impossible for Deutsche
Bank to discuss with the other creditors their common interest on the
company’s proposal to compromise Deutsche Bank’s claim: at [93]. The fact that
Deutsche Bank would also receive a fee for its rescue financing (at [92]) did
not form part of the court’s reasons for classing Deutsche Bank separately.

64 OCBC did not argue that Allington’s interest as a potential investor, a
secured creditor for rescue financing or an assignee prevented Allington from
being fairly representative of the class of unsecured creditors. I thus made
no finding on that issue. It was also not necessary to decide whether, in
light of the Applicant’s failure to disclose the purchase price of the
assignment, Allington’s interest as an assignee affected its classification.

Bona fides and abuse of process

65 The bona fides of the application was also relevant. The Original Singapore
Scheme was not put forward to the court for sanction because of the
independent assessor’s adjudication of the value of OCBC’s claims (see [7]
above) and because of OCBC’s opposition to the Original Singapore Scheme. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

Furler’s 1st OS 429 Affidavit at paras 36–40.

So the Applicant’s pre-pack application naturally attracted the question
whether it was an attempt to sidestep OCBC’s opposition. OCBC did not feel
apparently that it could impugn the bona fides of the application at this
point. The VLC Creditors took some issue with bona fides, asserting that the
voting outcome was engineered to obtain the court’s sanction. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

VLC Creditors’ Submissions at para 34.

But I did not consider that there was sufficient evidence of this. I thus made
no finding of any lack of bona fides.

66 I note that, as a matter of general principle, it is an implied requirement
that the application be clearly made bona fide, and not to skirt around
opposition. That is why, before sanctioning a scheme under s 210 of the
Companies Act, the court should be satisfied that any assignment of debts in
the time leading up to the company’s financial difficulties was genuine and
made at arm’s length: SK Engineering & Construction Co Ltd v Conchubar
Aromatics Ltd and another appeal [2017] 2 SLR 898 at [82]. The same applies to
the court’s approval under s 71 of the IRDA and to an assignment that occurs
during the company’s restructuring efforts.

67 It would also be an abuse of process to invoke the court’s powers where the
applicant must have known that its application was unfounded or not in
fulfilment of the statutory requirements. But on the evidence before me, I
emphasise that I made no such finding against the Applicant.

Use of the deed poll

68 As for the use of the Deed Poll, the Applicant’s evidence was that it
executed the Deed Poll to enable the DSG Group to consolidate and implement a
compromise for the claims against the Original Debtors through the New Scheme.
87

##### Foot Note 87

×

Furler’s 1st OS 429 Affidavit at para 42.

The use of the Deed Poll was pushing the envelope, but I was of the view that
it would at least have passed muster if agreement to the New Scheme had in
fact been obtained.

69 According to OCBC, the Applicant failed to show that the liabilities of the
companies in the DSG Group should be consolidated or pooled into one entity.
88

##### Foot Note 88

×

OCBC’s Supplemental Submissions at para 57.

Citing US cases on substantive consolidation and Australian cases on the
pooling of assets and liabilities, OCBC distilled several conditions to be met
before the court will consolidate or pool assets or liabilities of companies
in a corporate group in an insolvency or debt restructuring process. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

OCBC’s Supplemental Submissions at para 47.

70 None of the cases cited by OCBC concerned a scheme of arrangement. Re
Ansett Australia Ltd (ACN 004 209 410) and Others [2006] 56 ACSR 718 concerned
a deed of compromise in an administration; Re ACN 004 987 866 Pty Ltd
(formerly Hilton’s Stores Pty Ltd) (2003) 21 ACLC 1474, deeds of company
arrangement in an administration; and In re Owens Corning 419 F 3d 195 (3rd
Cir, 2005), reorganisation under Chapter 11 of the US Bankruptcy Code.

71 In contrast, the authorities cited by the Applicant were more on point as
they concerned deed polls in schemes of arrangement, albeit at the leave stage
rather than the sanction stage of the scheme process. In Re Gategroup
Guarantee Ltd [2021] EWHC 304 (Ch) (“Re Gategroup”), the group of companies
caused the scheme company to be incorporated. The scheme company then executed
a deed poll to create a co-obligor structure. Noting that the artificiality of
the structure was relevant to the court exercising its discretion to sanction
the scheme (at [171]), the English High Court contrasted two possible
situations. First, the structure would be objectionable where it “unfairly
overrode legitimate interests of creditors pursuant to the contracts governing
their relationship with the primary obligor companies” or under the system of
law applicable to their relationship: at [171]. Second, the artificiality of
the structure would not deprive the court of jurisdiction to sanction the
scheme “where the artificial structure is the only solution to enable a
restructuring to be effected, all other possible alternatives having been
explored and rejected for one or other reason of law or practicability; where
the alternative is a value-destructive liquidation; and where the terms of the
restructuring demonstrably benefit the affected creditors”: at [174] and
[176]. Similarly, in the earlier case of Re AI Scheme Ltd [2015] EWHC 1233
(Ch) (“Re AI”), the court was satisfied that it had jurisdiction. The
structure had not been created as a matter of mere artifice but rather was
grounded in commercial necessity: at [26].

72 The Applicant’s use of the Deed Poll was less artificial than the
structures in Re Gategroup and Re AI, where the scheme companies were
incorporated for the purpose of becoming co-obligors. As the Applicant pointed
out, 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

Applicant’s Supplemental Submissions at para 32.

it was itself an Original Debtor.

73 More importantly, similar to Re Gategroup, the scheme manager had explored
alternatives to the New Scheme, including refinancing and sale of the DSG
Group’s business, and found them “practicably unachievable and not feasible”.
91

##### Foot Note 91

×

Furler’s 1st OS 429 Affidavit at para 54.

Further, an insolvent liquidation of the Original Debtors would, according to
the scheme manager’s analysis, result in the creditors recovering between 0.0
cents and 1.54 cents on the dollar, in contrast to the average expected
recovery under the New Scheme of 4.90 cents on the dollar. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

Furler’s 1st OS 429 Affidavit at para 51.

I therefore accepted the Applicant’s submission 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

Applicant’s Supplemental Submissions at para 30.

that the DSG Group’s use of the deed poll structure was not in itself a basis
for declining to approve the New Scheme.

Conclusion

74 Because the Applicant did not disclose the purchase price that Allington
paid under the Debt Sale, and because the statutory majority requirements were
not satisfied upon classifying the creditors properly, the application was
dismissed.

Aedit Abdullah  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Chua Sui Tong and Gan Jhia Huei (Rev Law LLC) (instructed), Troy Doyle and
Anthony Wijaya (Gibson Dunn & Crutcher LLP) for the applicant;

Sim Kwan Kiat and Celine Kee (Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP) for the non-party
Oversea-Chinese Banking Corp Ltd;

Ng Hweelon, Lynn Wang Qiuru and Yeo Yang (Veritas Law Corp) for the non-
parties CSM Works Pte Ltd, Yong Yuan Construction Pte Ltd, East Tech Glass
Services & Construction Pte Ltd, and Jurong Contractor Pte Ltd;

Smitha Menon and Lorraine Koh (WongPartnership LLP) for the non-party Hongkong
& Shanghai Banking Corp Ltd;

Sancia Ng (Tito Isaac & Co LLP) for the non-party Edgar Ramani (watching
brief);

Kenneth Lim (Helmsman LLC) for the non-party MQ Communications Pte Ltd
(watching brief).

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 24 Sep 2021 (18:54 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

