Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC 133

Originating Summons No 1513 of 2018 (Summons No 5458 of 2019)

Between

| Reignwood International Investment (Group) Co Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| Opus Tiger 1 Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

Originating Summons No 1514 of 2018 (Summons No 5459 of 2019)

Between

| Reignwood International Investment (Group) Co Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| Opus Tiger 2 Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

Originating Summons No 1515 of 2018 (Summons No 5460 of 2019)

Between

| Reignwood International Investment (Group) Co Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| Opus Tiger 3 Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

Originating Summons No 1516 of 2018 (Summons No 5461 of 2019)

Between

| Reignwood International Investment (Group) Co Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| Opus Tiger 4 Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

grounds of decision

[Civil Procedure] — [Parties] — [Joinder] — [Non-party applying for joinder
after final order made] — [Whether court still had power to order joinder] —
[Whether power to order joinder should be exercised] — [O 15 r 6(2)(b) Rules
of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed)]

[Companies] — [Statutory derivative action] — [Intended defendant applying to
be joined to application for leave to commence action]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Reignwood International Investment (Group) Co Ltd

  
v

  

Opus Tiger 1 Pte Ltd and other matters

[2021] SGHC 133

General Division of the High Court — Originating Summonses Nos 1513, 1514,
1515 and 1516 of 2018 (Summonses Nos 5458, 5459, 5460 and 5461 of 2019)  
Vinodh Coomaraswamy J  
18 August, 23 September 2020

23 June 2021

Vinodh Coomaraswamy J:

Introduction

1 Reignwood International Investment (Group) Co Ltd (“Reignwood”) commenced
these four originating summonses in December 2018. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Lai Yi-Chun’s 3rd Affidavit in HC/OS 1513/2018 at paras 3 and 5.

The sole defendant in each originating summons is a subsidiary of a company
called Opus Offshore Ltd (“OOL”). 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Cosimo Borrelli’s Tiger 1 Affidavit at para 7; Cheng Siu Ming’s Tiger 1
Affidavit at para 5.

The four defendants are somewhat unimaginatively called Opus Tiger 1 Pte Ltd
(“OT1”), Opus Tiger 2 Pte Ltd, Opus Tiger 3 Pte Ltd and Opus Tiger 4 Pte Ltd.
3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Cheng Siu Ming’s Tiger 1 Affidavit at para 5; Cosimo Borrelli’s Tiger 1
Affidavit at para 7.

I shall refer to the defendants collectively as the “Opus Tiger Companies” and
to each defendant as an “Opus Tiger Company”.

2 In each originating summons, Reignwood sought an order granting it leave
under s 216A(2) of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the Act”) to
commence derivative proceedings in the name of each Opus Tiger Company against
a company called Shanghai Shipyard Co Ltd (“SHSY”). 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Lai Yi-Chun’s 3rd Affidavit in HC/OS 1513/2018 at para 3.

In May 2019, I granted Reignwood the leave that it sought, albeit on certain
undertakings (see [28] below). 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

HC/ORC 3169/2019; HC/ORC 3170/2019; HC/ORC 3380/2019; HC/ORC 3379/2019.

3 By four interlocutory summonses filed in October 2019, SHSY has applied
under O 15 r 6(2)(b) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed) to be
joined as a party to the s 216A applications. SHSY’s joinder applications
present two questions which are novel, at least in Singapore. Both questions
lie at the intersection of company law and procedural law. The first question
is whether the intended defendant in proposed derivative proceedings may be
joined under O 15 r 6(2)(b) as a party to the s 216A application which seeks
leave to bring the derivative proceedings. The second question is, if so,
whether the intended defendant may be so joined even after the court has
granted the leave.

4 SHSY advances three arguments in support of its joinder applications. First,
the intended defendant in proposed derivative proceedings has an obvious
interest in the subject-matter and outcome of the s 216A application. SHSY
therefore satisfies the requirements for joinder set out in O 15 r 6(2)(b).
Second, even though I have already granted Reignwood the leave which it
sought, the s 216A applications have not yet concluded. Therefore, I continue
to have the power under O 15 r 6(2) to join SHSY as a party to the s 216A
applications. Third, SHSY is not to blame for bringing its joinder
applications only after I had granted leave to Reignwood. Reignwood
deliberately concealed the s 216A applications from SHSY and misled SHSY to
prevent SHSY from opposing them. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

SHSY’s Written Submissions dated 11 August 2020 (“SWS”) at paras 3 and 36(b).

5 Reignwood advances two arguments in response to SHSY. First, these s 216A
application concluded when I granted the leave to Reignwood or, at the very
latest, when the time expired for the Opus Tiber Companies to appeal against
my grant of leave. Therefore, I no longer have any power under O 15 r 6(2) to
join SHSY to the s 216A applications. Second, the subject matter of the s 216A
applications – leave to bring proposed derivative proceedings under s 216A(2)
of the Act – raises only issues which are internal to the company and which
are no concern of the intended defendant in the proposed derivative
proceedings. Therefore, SHSY cannot satisfy the requirements of O 15 r
6(2)(b). 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions dated 11 August 2020 (“PWS”) at para 39.

6 I have dismissed SHSY’s joinder applications. I accept SHSY’s submission
that I still have the power under O 15 r 6(2)(b) to join it to the s 216A
applications even though I have already granted leave to Reignwood. However, I
accept Reignwood’s submission that an intended defendant in proposed
derivative proceedings cannot satisfy the requirements of O 15 r 6(2)(b)
simply by virtue of its status as the intended defendant.

7 Further, on the facts of this case, I decline to exercise my inherent
jurisdiction, preserved by O 92 r 4, to join SHSY to the s 216A applications,
or even to allow Reignwood to be heard on certain interlocutory applications
which are pending in the s 216A applications (see [34] below).

8 Given that the questions which arise on SHSY’s joinder applications are
novel (see [3] above), I have granted SHSY leave to appeal. I now set out the
grounds for my decision.

Background

The parties

9 Reignwood is a company incorporated in Hong Kong. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Cheng Siu Ming’s Tiger 1 Affidavit at para 4.

It owns 70% of the shares of OOL. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Cheng Siu Ming’s Tiger 1 Affidavit at para 5.

Together with a related company, Reignwood is also a substantial creditor of
OOL, claiming a total debt of US$79.2m. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Cosimo Borrelli’s Tiger 1 Affidavit at para 34.

10 OOL is a company incorporated in Bermuda. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Cheng Siu Ming’s Tiger 1 Affidavit at para 5.

It is the ultimate holding company of a group of companies called the Opus
Group. The Opus Group is an offshore drilling contractor: it owns offshore
drilling rigs, constructs and owns drill ships and provides offshore drilling
services to the oil and gas industry. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Cosimo Borrelli’s 1st Affidavit in HC/OS 1513/2018 (“Cosimo Borrelli’s Tiger 1
Affidavit”) at para 7.

11 As its full name suggests (see [2] above), SHSY is a shipyard incorporated
in and carrying on business in Shanghai in the People’s Republic of China
(“the PRC”). 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Cheng Siu Ming’s 1st Affidavit in HC/OS 1513/2018 (“Cheng Siu Ming’s Tiger 1
Affidavit”) at para 10.

12 The Opus Tiger Companies are wholly owned subsidiaries of OOL and are all
incorporated in Singapore. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Cosimo Borrelli’s Tiger 1 Affidavit at para 7; Cheng Siu Ming’s Tiger 1
Affidavit at para 5.

Each Opus Tiger Company exists for the sole purpose of owning a single drill
ship to be built by SHSY. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Cheng Siu Ming’s Tiger 1 Affidavit at paras 6, 12 and 18; Cheng Siu Ming’s 1st
Affidavit in HC/OS 1514/2018 (“Cheng Siu Ming’s Tiger 2 Affidavit”) at paras
12 and 17; Cheng Siu Ming’s 1st Affidavit in HC/OS 1515/2018 (“Cheng Siu
Ming’s Tiger 3 Affidavit”) at para 12; Cheng Siu Ming’s 1st Affidavit in HC/OS
1516/2018 (“Cheng Siu Ming’s Tiger 4 Affidavit”) at para 12.

Each Opus Tiger Company therefore has its own shipbuilding contract with SHSY
(the “Contracts” and each a “Contract”) under which it was to pay SHSY a
substantial sum of money in exchange for a drill ship to be constructed and
delivered by SHSY.

OOL’s insolvency

13 In February 2017, with Reignwood’s support, the Supreme Court of Bermuda
made an order winding up OOL and appointing joint provisional liquidators
(“the JPLs”). 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Cheng Siu Ming’s Tiger 2 Affidavit at paras 8 to 9; Cosimo Borrelli’s Tiger 1
Affidavit at p 38, para 3.

14 Each Opus Tiger Company is entirely dependent on OOL for funding. As a
result of OOL’s insolvency, the Opus Tiger Companies are therefore also
themselves insolvent. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Cosimo Borrelli’s Tiger 1 Affidavit at paras 13 and 21.

Unlike OOL, the Opus Tiger Companies are not subject to any formal insolvency
proceedings. But the JPLs have taken direct control of the Opus Tiger
Companies by appointing their nominees to form a majority on each Opus Tiger
Company’s board.

15 OOL’s provisional liquidation is a light-touch provisional liquidation
under Bermudan law (see In the Matter of Up Energy Development Group Limited
and in the matter of the Companies Act 1981 [2016] SC (Bda) 83 Com (20
September 2016) and In the Matter of Z-obee Holdings Limited [2017] SC (Bda)
16 Com (21 February 2017)). The JPLs were therefore not appointed to liquidate
OOL and its subsidiaries. The JPLs were instead appointed to take advantage of
the moratorium against creditor action which OOL now enjoys in order to
restructure OOL and the Opus Group’s debts and business, and thereby to
achieve an enhanced return for creditors. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Cosimo Borrelli’s Tiger 1 Affidavit at paras 34 to 58.

16 Soon after their appointment in February 2017, therefore, the JPLs started
negotiations with the creditors of OOL and of the Opus Group. These
negotiations broke down in late 2018, in large part because SHSY and Reignwood
could not agree how to treat SHSY’s claim against OT1 (see [18]–[20] below) in
the Opus Group’s restructuring. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Cosimo Borrelli’s Tiger 1 Affidavit at para 58; Cheng Siu Ming’s Tiger 1
Affidavit at para 72.

The Contracts

17 It is now necessary to move backwards in the chronology in order to
describe the Contracts in more detail.

18 The earliest and most advanced of the Contracts between SHSY and the Opus
Tiger Companies is the one between SHSY and OT1. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Cheng Siu Ming’s Tiger 1 Affidavit at para 18.

The OT1 Contract obliged OT1 to pay SHSY the price of the drill ship in three
instalments. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Cheng Huanmin’s 1st Affidavit at pp 99 to 172.

OT1 was obliged to pay the third and final instalment of US$170m to SHSY when
SHSY delivered the drill ship. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Cosimo Borrelli’s Tiger 1 Affidavit at paras 14 and 16.

19 SHSY’s position is that OT1 breached the Contract in late 2016 when it
failed to pay SHSY the final instalment under the OT1 Contract and failed to
take delivery of the drill ship.

20 Accordingly, in December 2016, SHSY served a notice to complete on OT1. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Cheng Siu Ming’s Tiger 1 Affidavit at para 32.

In January 2017, while the winding up petition was pending against OOL, SHSY
served a notice of default on OT1. Finally, in February 2017, on the same day
that the JPLs were appointed, SHSY served a notice on OT1 formally terminating
the OT1 Contract.

21 In March 2017, SHSY served notices on the other three Opus Tiger Companies
formally terminating their Contracts. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Cheng Siu Ming’s Tiger 1 Affidavit at para 43; Cheng Siu Ming’s Tiger 2
Affidavit at para 33; Cheng Siu Ming’s Tiger 3 Affidavit at para 28; Cheng Siu
Ming’s Tiger 4 Affidavit at para 28.

22 SHSY has the benefit of a guarantee from Reignwood of OT1’s obligation to
pay the final instalment of US$170m under the OT1 Contract. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Cheng Siu Ming’s Tiger 1 Affidavit at para 16.

In May 2017, SHSY served a demand on Reignwood under the guarantee requiring
Reignwood to pay US$170m to SHSY. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Cheng Siu Ming’s Tiger 1 Affidavit at para 37; p 245, para 19.

23 In November 2018, SHSY commenced proceedings against Reignwood in the
English Commercial Court to enforce SHSY’s rights under the guarantee. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

SWS at para 5; Cheng Huanmin’s 1st Affidavit at para 6; Cheng Siu Ming’s Tiger
1 Affidavit at para 74.

24 Reignwood’s position on SHSY’s claim under the guarantee is that: (a) OT1
is not obliged to take delivery of the drill ship; (b) the final instalment
payable under the OT1 Contract has not fallen due; (c) Reignwood is not liable
to SHSY under the guarantee; and (d) SHSY had no right to terminate the OT1
Contract. Indeed, Reignwood’s case is that SHSY’s purported termination of all
four of the Contracts is itself a repudiatory breach of the Contracts for
which SHSY is obliged to compensate the Opus Tiger Companies.

The relevance of the background

25 None of this background is directly relevant to SHSY’s four joinder
applications which are now before me. But the background does shed light on
the motivations of all those involved. In particular, the background explains
the proliferation of litigation since late 2018. SHSY has commenced litigation
against Reignwood in England (see [22]–[23] above). Reignwood commenced these
four s 216A applications against the Opus Tiger Companies in Singapore.
Reignwood has commenced the derivative proceedings against SHSY pursuant to
the leave I granted to Reignwood on the s 216A applications. The Opus Tiger
Companies have filed four applications seeking directions on the scope of the
leave I granted (see [34] below). SHSY has filed these four joinder
applications. And SHSY has, with my leave, filed four appeals against my
dismissal of its joinder applications.

26 What is going on is, in effect, a battle between Reignwood (who is the
single largest shareholder and claims to be a substantial creditor of OOL) 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Cheng Siu Ming’s Tiger 1 Affidavit at para 5; Cosimo Borrelli’s Tiger 1
Affidavit at para 34.

and SHSY (who claims to be OOL’s single largest creditor) 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Notes of Argument (“NAs”) dated 18 August 2020, p 16, lines 4 to 5; p 20,
lines 29 to 30.

for influence and advantage as to how the claims and crossclaims arising from
the Contracts should be treated in OOL’s insolvency and restructuring. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

NAs dated 18 August 2020, p 20, line 24 to p 21, line 14.

27 Be that as it may, SHSY’s joinder applications must be approached and will
be determined only in the terms in which they have been presented to me: by
applying the principles applicable to the joinder of parties to the specific
context of an application under s 216A(2) of the Act.

The s 216A applications

28 In May 2019, as I have mentioned, I made orders under s 216A granting
Reignwood leave to commence derivative proceedings against SHSY. The
derivative proceedings are four arbitrations in London against SHSY, one in
the name of each Opus Tiger Company. The relief sought in each arbitration is
damages against SHSY for its alleged repudiatory breaches of the Contracts.
Given the insolvency of the Opus Tiger Companies, I made the s 216A orders on
Reignwood’s undertaking to bear the costs of the arbitrations. The undertaking
covers not only the Opus Tiger Companies’ legal costs in pursuing the
arbitrations but also: (a) any costs awarded in SHSY’s favour; and (b) the
JPLs’ costs of rendering support in the arbitrations, eg, by reviewing and
collating the Opus Tiger Companies’ documents for discovery. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Annex A to HC/ORC 3169/2019 in HC/OS 1513/2018.

29 I made the s 216A orders even though Reignwood is not a shareholder of the
Opus Tiger Companies. In doing so, I accepted Reignwood’s submission that its
status as a shareholder of OOL – being the sole shareholder of the Opus Tiger
Companies – makes it a “proper person” within the meaning of s 216A(1)(c) to
apply for a s 216A order against the Opus Tiger Companies (see Hans Tjio,
Pearlie Koh & Lee Pey Woan, Corporate Law (Academy Publishing, 2015) at paras
10.042 to 10.043). 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

PWS dated 29 April 2019, paras 68–69.

Thus, the arbitrations which I gave Reignwood leave to commence against SHSY
are what are commonly called “double derivative proceedings” or “multiple
derivative proceedings” (see Universal Project Management Services Ltd v Fort
Gilkicker Ltd and others [2013] Ch 551 at [25]).

30 The deadline for the Opus Tiger Companies to appeal against the s 216A
orders expired in June 2019. They did not appeal.

Events leading to the joinder applications

31 In June 2019, under the authority of the s 216A orders, Reignwood started
the first arbitration against SHSY in the name of OT1. In its demand for
arbitration, 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Cheng Huanmin’s 1st Affidavit at p 492.

Reignwood claimed to exercise two of OT1’s rights under or arising from the
OT1 Contract: (a) it exercised OT1’s right to accept what it characterised as
SHSY’s repudiatory breach of the OT1 Contract; and (b) it exercised OT1’s
right under the OT1 Contract to direct SHSY to send all future notices and
other communications in respect of the OT1 Contract to Reignwood’s English
solicitors rather than to OT1.

32 In August 2019, SHSY informed the Opus Tiger Companies that Reignwood’s
demand for arbitration against OT1 had purported to exercise OT1’s rights in
these two ways. SHSY suggested that the Opus Tiger Companies seek directions
from the court as to whether the s 216A order in respect of OT1 permitted
Reignwood to exercise these rights. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Cosimo Borrelli’s 3rd Affidavit in HC/OS 1513/2018 at paras 27 to 33 and pp 27
to 30.

33 In September 2019, Reignwood started the remaining three arbitrations
against SHSY in the names of the remaining three Opus Tiger Companies. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Lai Yi-Chun’s 3rd Affidavit in HC/OS 1513/2018 at para 5.

In those demands for arbitration, Reignwood did not attempt to terminate the
relevant Contract for repudiatory breach. Reignwood did, however, exercise the
three Opus Tiger Companies’ rights to direct SHSY to send all future notices
and other communications in respect of those Contracts to Reignwood’s English
solicitors rather than to the relevant Opus Tiger Company.

34 On 18 October 2019, the Opus Tiger Companies filed four applications
seeking directions from the court as to whether the s 216A orders permitted
Reignwood to exercise these rights on behalf of the Opus Tiger Companies. I
shall refer to these applications as “the Directions Applications”. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

HC/SUM 5234/2019; HC/SUM 5235/2019; HC/SUM 5236/2019; HC/SUM 5237/2019.

35 On 31 October 2019, SHSY filed the four joinder applications which are now
before me. SHSY’s objective in applying to be joined as a party to the s 216A
applications is twofold. Its immediate objective is to be heard on the
Directions Applications. But its ultimate objective is to have the s 216A
orders reversed and Reignwood’s leave to commence the arbitrations revoked. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

NAs dated 18 August 2020, at p 9, lines 27 to 30; p 10, lines 17 to 24.

It intends to achieve this by applying for an extension of time to appeal
against the s 216A orders and then by pursuing such an appeal.

Order 15 r 6(2)(b)

36 SHSY brings its four joinder applications under O 15 r 6(2)(b). 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

SWS at para 37.

That sub-rule provides, in so far as it is material:

Misjoinder and nonjoinder of parties

…

(2) … at any stage of the proceedings … the Court may … —

…

(b) order any of the following persons to be added as a party, namely:

(i) any person … whose presence before the Court is necessary to ensure that
all matters in the cause or matter may be effectually and completely
determined and adjudicated upon;

(ii) any person between whom and any party to the cause or matter there may
exist a question or issue arising out of or relating to or connected with any
relief or remedy claimed in the cause or matter which in the opinion of the
Court it would be just and convenient to determine as between him and that
party …

37 In Ernest Ferdinand Perez De La Sala v Compañia De Navegación Palomar, SA
and others and other appeals [2018] 1 SLR 894 (“Ernest Ferdinand”), the Court
of Appeal held (at [195]) that O 15 r 6(2)(b) involves a two-stage inquiry. At
the first stage, the inquiry is whether the court still has the power to order
joinder, ie, whether the application is brought “at any stage of the
proceedings” within the meaning of O 15 r 6(2). At the second stage, the
inquiry is whether the court can and should exercise that power. The inquiry
at the second stage is further subdivided into two parts: (a) first, the court
determines whether the non-discretionary requirements of O 15 r 6(2)(b) are
satisfied (at [203]–[204]); and (b) second, the court undertakes a
discretionary assessment as to whether joinder should be ordered, bearing in
mind “all the factors which are relevant to the balance of justice in a
particular case” (at [205]).

38 In Ernest Ferdinand at [195], the Court of Appeal referred to r 6(2)(b)(i)
as “the necessity limb” and r 6(2)(b)(ii) as “the just and convenient limb”.
The Court of Appeal of course intended these terms merely to be convenient
shorthand for – and not substitutes for or even summaries of – the actual
statutory tests set out in each limb. Thus, as Ernest Ferdinand makes clear
(at [203]–[204]), r 6(2)(b)(i) is not satisfied merely upon showing that
joinder is necessary any more than r 6(2)(b)(ii) is satisfied merely upon
showing that joinder is just and convenient. With that understanding, I shall
use the Court of Appeal’s terms to describe these limbs.

Questions to be determined

39 In light of the Ernest Ferdinand framework, SHSY’s joinder applications
raise four questions:

(a) Has SHSY brought these applications “at any stage of the [s 216A]
proceedings”, within the meaning of O 15 r 6(2)?

(b) If so, does SHSY satisfy the non-discretionary requirements of either the
necessity limb or of the just and equitable limb?

(c) If so, should I exercise my discretion under O 15 r 6(2)(b) to join SHSY
as a party to the s 216A applications, after assessing all the factors
relevant to the balance of justice?

(d) If not, should I nevertheless exercise my inherent jurisdiction either:
(a) to join SHSY as a party to the s 216A applications; or (b) to allow SHSY
to be heard on the Directions Applications without being joined as a party?

40 Before addressing these questions in turn, I deal first with two
submissions by SHSY and two points of terminology.

Two of SHSY’s submissions

41 First, SHSY submits that the overarching consideration in a joinder
application is fairness. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

SWS at para 28.

That is not correct. No doubt the Rules of Court are built on the fundamental
conception of fairness. But they give effect to that conception by setting out
specific statutory procedures that a person must follow and specific statutory
requirements that it must satisfy in order to secure a desired procedural
result. The overarching consideration on an application under O 15 r 6(2)(b)
is therefore whether the party applying to be joined satisfies O 15 r 6(2)(b).
Fairness is just one element of that consideration. It is not the overarching
consideration.

42 Second, SHSY suggests that a person can satisfy O 15 r 6(2)(b) merely by
showing that joinder is “necessary” or that joinder is “just and convenient”.
40

##### Foot Note 40

×

NAs dated 18 August 2020, p 11, lines 17 to 20; p 17, lines 8 to 10; p 18,
lines 19 to 24; p 21, lines 15 to 20; p 40, lines 15 to 16; p 44, lines 9 to
12.

I reject this submission also. As I have pointed out (see [38] above), these
terms are not a substitute for the statutory test set out in each limb of O 15
r 6(2)(b).

Two preliminary points on terminology

43 I also make two preliminary points on terminology.

44 First, I shall refer to a person who makes a s 216A application as a
“complainant”. I do so because that is the word which s 216A itself uses to
describe a person who has standing to bring an application under that section.
A complainant will typically be a member of the company who is to be the
plaintiff in the derivative proceedings. But as Reignwood’s s 216A
applications demonstrate, that will not always be the case (see [29] above).
Section 216A(1)(c) gives standing to any person whom the court considers a
“proper person” to bring a s 216A application against a company.

45 Second, the parties in the application before me use the word “intervene”
and its cognate expressions throughout their written and oral submissions to
describe what SHSY seeks to do by these four joinder applications. In fact, O
15 does not empower the court to allow a person to “intervene” in proceedings
at all. The word “intervene” appears nowhere in O 15. What O 15 empowers the
court to do is only to sever, add or join parties to proceedings.

46 There are only two kinds of person whom the Rules of Court call an
“intervener”: (a) a person who secures leave under O 70 r 16(2) to intervene
in an action in rem on the basis that it has an interest in the property
against which that action is brought or in money representing the proceeds of
sale of that property; and (b) a person who secures leave to intervene in a
probate action under O 72 r 4. A person who applies to be joined as a party to
proceedings under O 15 r 6(2)(b) is in neither category. That person therefore
is not, strictly speaking, an “intervener”.

47 The distinction is not merely one of semantics. An intervener in the strict
sense of the word does not, simply by intervening, become a party to the
proceedings in which it intervenes for all purposes. A person who is joined to
proceedings under O 15 r 6(2)(b) does, simply by the joinder, become a party
to those proceedings for all purposes. Further, the effect of the joinder
relates back to the date on which the plaintiff commenced the proceedings (see
[75]–[76] below). Having said that, however, it probably does no harm to use
the word “intervene” in connection with joinder under O 15 r 6(2)(b) so long
as this distinction is always borne in mind.

48 I now deal with the four questions in turn.

Existence of the power

49 On the first question (see [39(a)] above), the following two propositions
are common ground. First, the court has no power to order a party to be joined
to proceedings after the proceedings have concluded: Ernest Ferdinand ([38]
above) at [195]. Second, proceedings are not concluded so long as something
remains to be done in the proceedings: Ernest Ferdinand at [198], citing The
Duke of Buccleuch [1892] P 201.

50 What is not common ground is the nature of that “something” which must
remain to be done in order to prevent the proceedings from being concluded and
thereby to keep alive the court’s power to order joinder.

51 The relevant chronology is as follows: (a) I made the s 216A orders in May
2019; (b) the time for the Opus Tiger Companies to appeal against those orders
expired in June 2019; (c) the Opus Tiger Companies filed the Directions
Applications on 18 October 2019; and (d) SHSY filed its joinder applications
on 31 October 2019.

The parties’ arguments

52 Reignwood’s argument on the first question is as follows. The s 216A
applications concluded either in May 2019, when I made the s 216A orders, or
at the very latest, in June 2019 when the Opus Tiger Companies allowed the
time for appealing against those orders to expire without appealing. In either
event, the s 216A orders were final well before October 2019, when SHSY
applied to be joined. The s 216A applications have therefore concluded. SHSY
has failed to bring its joinder applications “at any stage of the [s 216A]
proceedings” within the meaning of O 15 r 6(2). 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

PWS at paras 51 to 53.

53 SHSY’s argument in response is as follows. Even after a court makes a final
order in proceedings, there will often be issues which the court has to deal
with before those proceedings conclude. These issues include assessing
damages, levying execution, making orders in aid of enforcement and giving
directions on how to implement the court’s orders. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

SWS at para 33.

In this case, the fact that the Opus Tiger Companies have taken out the
Directions Applications show that there indeed remains something to be done in
the s 216A applications. SHSY has therefore applied for joinder “at any stage
of the [s 216A] proceedings”. The power to join SHSY to the s 216A
applications under O 15 r 6(2)(b) remains alive. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

SWS at paras 31 and 35.

The orthodox principle or a more liberal standard?

54 The phrase “at any stage of the proceedings” in O 15 r 6(2) has been part
of the rules of civil procedure governing joinder in England, the ultimate
source of our Rules of Court, since the Victorian era. The locus classicus in
both England and Singapore on the interpretation of this phrase is the
decision of the English Court of Appeal in The Duke of Buccleuch.

55 In The Duke of Buccleuch, a cargo-owner applied to have itself joined to an
action as the plaintiff in place of its agent after the defendant had been
adjudged liable for a collision at sea. Lord Esher MR (at 211) and Fry LJ (at
212) held that the judgment on liability did not conclude the action because
damages had yet to be assessed. As Fry LJ put it, proceedings are not
concluded so long as “anything remains to be done in the case”. The cargo-
owner’s application was therefore allowed.

56 In Ernest Ferdinand, the Court of Appeal held (at [198]) that The Duke of
Buccleuch represented the current state of Singapore law on the meaning of the
phrase “at any stage of the proceedings” in O 15 r 6(2):

198 We … find that The Duke of Buccleuch does represent the current state of
the law in Singapore in so far as the existence of the power to order joinder
post-judgment is concerned – viz, it exists if and only if something remains
to be done in the matter, such as the assessment of damages.

The Court of Appeal called this “the orthodox Duke of Buccleuch principle” (at
[201]).

57 The orthodox Duke of Buccleuch principle holds that proceedings conclude
for the purpose of the rules relating to joinder as soon as the court makes an
order or enters judgment which determines with finality the entire lis between
the parties to the proceedings. In an ordinary writ action for damages, the
court determines the entire lis with finality when it enters the last judgment
which, when taken with any preceding interlocutory judgments, fully determines
both liability and quantum. Of course, there is no scope for any bifurcation
in a s 216A application. Thus, on the orthodox Duke of Buccleuch principle, a
s 216A application concludes as soon as the court makes an order determining
with finality whether the complainant is or is not to be granted leave under s
216A(2) of the Act.

58 The Court of Appeal in Ernest Ferdinand recognised, however, that the
English authorities have gone beyond the orthodox Duke of Buccleuch principle
and established a more liberal standard in English law for determining when
proceedings are concluded for the purposes of joinder. The more liberal
standard holds that proceedings do not conclude upon a final order or judgment
disposing of the entire lis between the parties. Instead, the proceedings
continue until the final order or judgment has been fully performed or
satisfied. Thus, in an ordinary writ action resulting in a money judgment for
damages, the proceedings – and therefore the court’s power to order joinder –
continue until the judgment is fully satisfied.

59 The application of the orthodox Duke of Buccleuch principle sufficed for
the Court of Appeal to dispose of the appeal in Ernest Ferdinand (at [201]).
The Court of Appeal thus held that it was unnecessary for it to decide whether
the more liberal standard should be recognised in Singapore law. It expressly
left that issue to be “explored on an appropriate occasion” (at [201]).

60 The parties’ arguments on the first question require me to decide whether
it is the orthodox Duke of Buccleuch principle or the more liberal standard
which represents Singapore law on the meaning of “at any stage of the
proceedings” in O 15 r 6(2). If it is the orthodox Duke of Buccleuch
principle, SHSY’s joinder applications fail at the first stage of the Ernest
Ferdinand inquiry (see [39(a)] above). On the other hand, if it is the more
liberal standard, SHSY succeeds at the first stage.

61 As the Court of Appeal made clear in Ernest Ferdinand (at [201]), it is not
the ratio of that case that Singapore law does not recognise the more liberal
standard. I am therefore not obliged by stare decisis to reject SHSY’s
arguments on the first question. I am conscious, however, that the Court of
Appeal did express serious doubts about the desirability of recognising the
more liberal standard, calling it a “bold proposition” (at [200]) with
“troubling implications for finality in litigation” (at [201]).

62 Even bearing those points in mind, I consider with respect that Singapore
law should recognise the more liberal standard. I say that for three reasons:
(a) it is correct as a matter of statutory interpretation; (b) it permits the
court to take a more pragmatic approach to joinder; and (c) it is the more
conceptually appropriate approach to joinder.

63 I deal with each reason in turn.

Statutory interpretation

64 The Rules of Court are subsidiary legislation. Section 9A of the
Interpretation Act (Cap 1, 2002 Rev Ed) establishes that the starting point
for ascertaining the meaning of O 15 r 6(2)(b) is the ordinary meaning of its
words, taking into account its context: Tan Cheng Bock v Attorney-General
[2017] 2 SLR 850 at [37].

65 The ordinary meaning of the phrase “at any stage of the proceedings” is
wide enough to accommodate the more liberal standard. The words “any stage”
are words of unrestrained width. Further, the word “proceedings” is not a
legal term of art. Instead, it is a protean word, whose meaning depends on the
context in which it is used. I therefore turn to consider that context.

66 The purpose of O 15 r 6 is set out very clearly in O 15 r 6(1): to prevent
civil proceedings from being defeated by misjoinder or nonjoinder of parties.
The purpose of O 15 r 6 is therefore to give the court a wide discretion to
deal with misjoinder and nonjoinder by elevating substance and pragmatism over
form and technicality. In that context, the intent of the phrase “at any stage
of the proceedings” is clearly to expand the scope of the power under O 15 r
6(2) so as to advance its purpose rather than to restrict that scope. In other
words, the intent of the phrase is to eliminate technical arguments about
whether or not proceedings are concluded rather than to generate such
arguments.

67 This suggests to me that the phrase “at any stage of the proceedings”
should be interpreted with an inclination towards keeping the court’s power
under O 15 r 6(2) alive, to ensure that it can be exercised whenever issues of
misjoinder and nonjoinder can arise. Those issues may arise whenever there
remains an avenue for the parties to return to the court for its assistance
even after the lis between the parties has been fully and finally determined.
This in turn suggests to me that the phrase ought to be given the widest
meaning which remains consistent with its ordinary meaning. That widest
meaning is the more liberal standard.

68 Thus, in my view, the more liberal standard is the correct interpretation
of the phrase “at any stage of the proceedings” in O 15 r 6(2) because it is
the interpretation which better advances the purpose of O 15 r 6(2).

Pragmatic considerations

69 That leads me to my second reason for preferring the more liberal standard:
pragmatism. The case which the Court of Appeal cited in Ernest Ferdinand ([38]
above) as establishing the more liberal standard in English law is the
decision of Aikens J (as he then was) in C Inc plc v L [2001] Lloyd’s Rep 459
(“C Inc”).

70 The facts of C Inc are an excellent example of the pragmatic advantages of
the more liberal standard. In that case, a plaintiff secured final judgment
against a defendant. When the plaintiff attempted to enforce the judgment, the
defendant claimed that she held all of her known assets on trust for her
husband. The plaintiff therefore applied to join the husband as a party to the
proceedings in order to seek a post-judgment Mareva injunction against him in
aid of execution.

71 Aikens J held that “the word ‘proceedings’ should be given a broad
interpretation … [and] should embrace all stages of an action from the time it
has been started until it becomes finally complete or moribund”. As Aikens J
pointed out in C Inc (at [83]), there are any number of reasons the court’s
assistance may be needed even after a final judgment has been entered:

… There are many ‘proceedings’ in which a judgment is obtained but it is not
satisfied. At that stage further action may be needed in order to enforce the
judgment. The ‘proceedings’ have not finished at that point. A claimant may
wish to appoint a receiver by way of equitable execution to get in the assets
of the defendant to satisfy the judgment. Or he may wish to obtain a freezing
order in aid of execution. The ‘proceedings’ must still be continuing in those
instances. In my view the ‘proceedings’ against [the defendant] are still
continuing.

Aikens J therefore joined the husband as a party to the proceedings and
granted the Mareva injunction against him.

72 I consider it almost certain that if a case like C Inc came before our
courts, we would incline towards Aikens J’s pragmatic approach. On the facts
of C Inc, it would be the height of technicality to decline joinder – and
thereby to decline post-judgment relief against a non-party in aid of
execution – simply because the court had already entered final judgment
against the defendant.

73 It may be said that the application of the more liberal standard in C Inc
is not surprising. C Inc was a case in which it was the plaintiff who was
asking the court to join an additional defendant to the proceedings. In that
sense, the outcome of C Inc is merely an application of the general principle
that it is the plaintiff’s prerogative to choose its defendants (see [91]
below). C Inc was not a case, such as the present, in which a person was
asking to be joined as a party against the plaintiff’s wishes.

74 I do not consider that that distinction of fact makes any difference of
principle. Whether joinder is consistent with or contrary to the plaintiff’s
wishes has no bearing on the meaning of the phrase “at any stage of the
proceedings”. Proceedings are either concluded or not concluded. The outcome
of that inquiry is independent of who it is who is seeking the joinder. Thus,
Aikens J interpreted the phrase in C Inc on its own, in terms independent of
who was seeking the joinder. So too, O 15 r 6(2)(b) is framed in terms which
are independent of who is seeking the joinder. A plaintiff’s attitude towards
joinder is, at most, a factor which goes to the discretionary assessment at
the second stage of the Ernest Ferdinand inquiry, not to the first stage.

Conceptual considerations

75 My third reason for preferring the more liberal standard is related to the
first two reasons. I must, of course, accept the Court of Appeal’s valid
concerns expressed in Ernest Ferdinand about facilitating an overly broad
approach to misjoinder and nonjoinder. A person, once joined under O 15 r
6(2)(b), becomes a party to the proceedings for all purposes. It is entitled
to behave, and is liable to be treated, just like any other party. Therefore,
it can make a claim or defend one. It can make a counterclaim or defend one.
It can bring an interlocutory application or oppose one. It can secure a final
judgment in its favour or suffer one against it. It can be awarded costs or be
ordered to pay costs.

76 Further, the joinder does not operate only prospectively. It relates back
to the commencement of the proceedings. The joined party is therefore treated
as though the plaintiff had named it as a party from the outset. The relation
back can defeat the effect of an expired limitation period. It can permit a
joined party to appeal against orders made before it was joined. If the joined
party is out of time to appeal, it can apply for an extension of time. That is
one of SHSY’s objectives in seeking to be joined to these originating
summonses (see [35] above). 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

NAs dated 18 August 2020, at p 9, lines 27 to 30; p 10, lines 17 to 24.

77 I accept that joining a party to proceedings creates an unintended and
undesirable risk to finality in litigation. But I do not accept that it is
conceptually appropriate to place the entire strain of addressing this risk on
the interpretation of the phrase “at any stage of the proceedings”. The intent
of that phrase, as I have found, is to expand the court’s power of joinder
rather than to restrict it. It is far more appropriate that the strain of
addressing this risk falls: (a) on the interpretation of the non-discretionary
requirements for severance and joinder under O 15 r 6(2); (b) on the
discretionary assessment of whether to order severance and joinder under O 15
r 6(2); and (c) on the principles which govern the application which actually
and directly poses a risk to finality in litigation.

78 SHSY’s objectives for seeking joinder illustrate my point (see [35] above).
One of its objectives is to seek an extension of time to appeal against the s
216A orders. Any such application carries precisely the “troubling
implications for finality in litigation” which caused the Court of Appeal in
Ernest Ferdinand (at [201]) to express grave misgivings about the more liberal
standard. But SHSY would, I think, readily accept that it will face an uphill
task in at least two respects: (a) on the discretionary assessment for
joinder, if its only objective in seeking joinder were to reverse the s 216A
orders; and (b) if it is joined, on its application to extend time to appeal
against the s 216A orders. No doubt, SHSY would insist bravely that it can and
will crest both hills. But that does not detract from my conceptual point as
to where the strain of addressing that risk should fall.

79 The desire to prevent an unintended and undesirable consequence of joinder
should not result in an artificially narrow interpretation of the phrase “any
stage of the proceedings”, contrary to its ordinary meaning. After all, there
is a risk even now that the Opus Tiger Companies will themselves seek an
extension of time to appeal against the s 216A orders. Any such application
would have equally troubling implications for finality in litigation. But
those implications are addressed by the principles which govern an application
for an extension of time to file an appeal. The risk that SHSY will pose to
finality, if joined, is no different conceptually from the risk which the Opus
Tiger Companies now pose to finality. The principles which govern the
application to extend time for appeal suffice to address and mitigate that
risk, whoever it is who is posing it.

80 In conclusion, for the foregoing reasons, it is my view that the more
liberal standard best advances the purpose of O 15 r 6(2) by focusing the
inquiry on the merits of the joinder application rather than on the technical
question as to whether the proceedings in which the joinder application is
made are or are not concluded. I therefore consider with respect that the more
liberal standard represents Singapore law on the meaning of “at any stage of
the proceedings” in O 15 r 6(2).

81 I now turn to consider how the more liberal standard should be applied to a
s 216A application.

Applying the more liberal standard to a s 216 application

82 If the court dismisses a s 216A application, the difference between the
orthodox Duke of Buccleuch principle and the more liberal standard is of
little relevance. Once the application is dismissed, there is no longer
anything which remains to be done in the proceedings, save perhaps in
connection with enforcing or levying execution on the relatively small sum
which may have been awarded as costs. It is thus fair to say that, even on the
more liberal standard, the court’s power to join a party to a s 216A
application comes to an end for all intents and purposes when it dismisses the
s 216A application.

83 However, if a court allows a s 216A application, the more liberal standard
permits the court’s power to order joinder to continue even after it makes the
order granting the leave and even though that order is final. In these
circumstances, just as in an ordinary civil suit such as C Inc ([69] above),
something remains to be done in the s 216A application. In fact, the position
on a s 216A application is a fortiori the position on an ordinary civil suit.
A civil suit ends with one or more judgments which, taken together, fully and
finally determine the parties’ substantive rights and liabilities. A s 216A
application does not end in a judgment and does not address the parties’
substantive rights and liabilities. The effect of a s 216A order is purely
procedural. It merely clothes the complainant with the statutory authority
conferred by s 216A to bring derivative proceedings against the intended
defendant in the name of the company.

84 For these reasons, there is even greater potential for the court’s
continued involvement in a s 216A application after it makes an order granting
leave than in an ordinary civil suit. The court’s continued involvement can
arise in two ways. First, as SHSY points out, 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

SWS at para 40.

a successful complainant has a right on a purposive interpretation of s
216A(5)(a) of the Act to return to the court for orders which are “necessary
for the derivative action to be brought in a fair manner for adjudication by
the court at a trial, whether or not there [are] specific directions in the
leave order to that effect”: Lew Kiat Beng v Hiap Seng & Co Pte Ltd and
another appeal [2012] 1 SLR 488 (“Lew Kiat Beng”) at [29]. Second, an order
granting a complainant leave to commence derivative proceedings may expressly
give the parties liberty to apply. That liberty will not, of course, allow the
parties to return to court to vary or reverse the order. But a liberty to
apply does allow the parties to return to court for directions on interpreting
or implementing the order.

85 In any event, the critical point on the more liberal standard is that there
is clear potential for the court’s continued involvement in a s 216A
application even after the final order granting the complainant leave to
commence the derivative proceedings. That potential comes to an end only when
the derivative proceedings themselves are concluded.

86 For these reasons, therefore, I consider that a successful s 216A
application does not conclude for the purposes of the court’s power to order
joinder so long as the derivative proceedings themselves have not concluded.

Applying the more liberal standard to the facts of this case

87 Applying the more liberal standard to the facts of this case, I hold that
SHSY has brought its joinder applications “at any stage of the proceedings” as
required by O 15 r 6(2). As SHSY points out, 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

SWS at para 42.

the s 216A orders expressly grant the parties liberty to apply. There is also
the common law right under Lew Kiat Beng to apply for orders which are
necessary to bring the derivative proceedings in a fair manner. Neither avenue
will close until the arbitrations themselves conclude. As the Directions
Applications themselves show, this is not merely theoretical.

88 Reignwood submits that I have: (a) addressed with finality all of the
relief that Reignwood sought in its s 216A applications; 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

PWS at para 55.

and (b) disposed fully of each lis that Reignwood and the Opus Tiger Companies
placed before me in the s 216A applications. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

PWS at paras 54 to 56.

All of that is, of course, true. But all of that is simply irrelevant on the
more liberal standard.

89 Reignwood next submits that it is wrong in principle that SHSY should have
the opportunity to reverse the s 216A orders at any time before the
arbitrations against SHSY conclude. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

NAs dated 18 August 2020, at p 23, lines 22 to 27; p 24, line 11 to p 25, line
4.

I have dealt with this objection at [75]–[78] above. This is indeed an
undesirable and unintended consequence of the more liberal standard. But, for
the reasons I have given, the proper place to address this consequence is not
in artificially restricting the meaning of “at any stage of the proceedings”.
In any event, the inquiry at the first stage is whether the s 216A proceedings
have concluded, not whether an issue that SHSY wishes to contest in the s 216A
proceedings upon being joined has been finally decided.

90 For these reasons, I accept that my power to join SHSY as a defendant to
the s 216A applications continues to exist even though I have made final
orders in Reignwood’s favour under s 216A(2) and even though the time for
appealing against those orders has expired. So long as the arbitrations
against SHSY have not concluded, the power of joinder remains alive. This
approach puts the true focus of the court’s inquiry on a joinder application
where it should lie: on the second stage of the inquiry. I therefore turn now
to consider the second stage.

The non-discretionary requirements

91 In our adversarial system of civil procedure, the general rule is that it
is plaintiff’s prerogative “to choose the person against whom to proceed, and
to leave out any person against whom he does not desire to proceed”: Singapore
Civil Procedure 2020, vol 1 (Chua Lee Ming gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 10th Ed,
2019) at para 15/6/7. In so far as Order 15 r 6(2) allows the court to order
severance or joinder of a person despite the objections of a plaintiff, it is
thus a departure from the general rule.

92 In addressing the second stage of the inquiry, I shall consider whether
SHSY satisfies the non-discretionary requirements of each limb of O 15 r
6(2)(b) before undertaking the discretionary assessment. This approach is in
accordance with the guidance of the Court of Appeal in ARW v Comptroller of
Income Tax and another and another appeal [2019] 1 SLR 499 (“ARW (CA)”) at
[40]–[41].

93 SHSY accepts that O 15 r 6(2)(b) does not allow a person to be joined as a
party to proceedings simply because it has an interest in the proceedings. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

NAs dated 23 September 2020, at p 5, lines 23 to 28.

SHSY also accepts that s 216A does not give an intended defendant any right be
heard on a s 216A application, let alone to be joined as a party to it. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

NAs dated 18 August 2020, at p 20, lines 1 to 4.

SHSY’s case for joinder therefore turns on whether SHSY can satisfy the non-
discretionary requirements of one or both limbs of O 15 r 6(2)(b).

94 In my view, SHSY cannot satisfy the non-discretionary requirements of
either limb. I consider that neither limb of O 15 r 6(2)(b) allows a person to
be joined as a defendant to a s 216A application simply because it is the
intended defendant in the proposed derivative proceedings.

95 I now analyse the non-discretionary requirements of each limb of O 15 r 6
(2)(b) in turn. It is easiest to carry out that analysis first on the
assumption that SHSY had applied to be joined to the s 216A applications
before I made the s 216A orders. I do that for two reasons. First, nothing in
O 15 r 6(2)(b) turns on the precise stage in the proceedings at which an
application for joinder is made. Second, even if I am wrong on that point, if
SHSY would have been unable to satisfy the non-discretionary requirements of O
15 r 6(2)(b) before I made the s 216A orders, it cannot be better off because
it applied for joinder after I made the s 216A orders.

The necessity limb

96 I begin my analysis of O 15 r 6(2)(b) with the necessity limb before
turning to the just and convenient limb.

The scope of the necessity limb

97 A person who seeks to be joined to proceedings under the necessity limb
must satisfy one of two alternative non-discretionary requirements: (a) the
person must be one who ought to have been joined as a party to the
proceedings; or (b) joining the person must be necessary to ensure that the
court determines and adjudicates all issues in the proceedings effectually and
completely.

98 The scope of the necessity limb is narrower than the scope of the just and
convenient limb (see Singapore Court Practice 2021 (Jeffrey Pinsler gen ed)
(LexisNexis, 2021) at para 15/6/9). A textual analysis and a comparison of the
limbs reveal three ways in which this is true.

99 First, the necessity limb (as the term suggests) requires joinder to be
necessary: Ernest Ferdinand ([38] above) at [203]. Necessity is implicit in
the first alternative requirement (see [97] above): the person to be joined
must be one whom the plaintiff ought to have joined from the outset of the
proceedings, not merely one whom it was desirable for the plaintiff to have
joined from the outset. Necessity is explicit in the second alternative
requirement, as indicated by the word “necessary”. Joinder being necessary for
one purpose is a narrower test than joinder being just and convenient for an
analogous purpose.

100 Second, the necessity limb requires there to be a lis between a party to
the proceedings and the person to be joined. The requirement of a lis is
implicit in the first alternative requirement. It cannot be said that a
plaintiff ought to have joined a person to proceedings from the outset unless
there is a lis between that person and the plaintiff. The requirement of a lis
is explicit in the second alternative requirement, as indicated by the
conjunctive use of the verbs “determine” and “adjudicate”. The verb
“determine” envisages the court ascertaining or establishing disputed issues
by making findings of fact or holdings of law. The verb “adjudicate” envisages
the court resolving those disputed issues fully and finally by entering a
formal order or judgment making those issues res judicata. No judgment can be
entered between any two persons unless there is a lis between them. Both
alternative requirements of the necessity limb therefore require there to be a
lis between the person to be joined and a party to the proceedings. That party
may not be the plaintiff. For example, the person to be joined could have a
lis as against a defendant on its counterclaim against the plaintiff. In
contrast, the just and convenient limb uses only the verb “determine”. It
makes no reference to “adjudicate” at all. The just and convenient limb
therefore does not require there to be any such lis between the person to be
joined and the parties to the proceedings.

101 Finally, only two types of persons may be joined under the necessity limb:
(a) a person “who ought to have been joined as a party”; and (b) a person
“whose presence before the court is necessary to ensure that all matters…may
be effectually and completely determined and adjudicated upon”. Thus, building
on the second point, the necessity limb applies only to: (a) a person whom the
plaintiff could have and should have joined as a party to the proceedings; or
(b) a person who has a lis as against a party to the proceedings to be
determined and adjudicated upon. In contrast, the just and convenient limb
does not restrict the person to be joined in the same way: any person may be
joined under the just and convenient limb so long as the non-discretionary
requirements of that limb are satisfied (see [137] below).

102 Bearing these points in mind, it is my view that SHSY does not come within
the necessity limb for three reasons: (a) SHSY is not a person whom Reignwood
ought to have, in any sense, joined to the s 216A applications; (b) the s 216A
applications give rise to no lis as between SHSY and either Reignwood or the
Opus Tiger Companies; and (c) it is not necessary to join SHSY to the s 216A
applications in order to ensure that the court determines and adjudicates
completely and effectually all issues in the s 216A applications.

103 I deal with each of these reasons in turn.

Reignwood had no obligation to name SHSY as a defendant

104 Section 216A is silent as to whom the complainant is to name as a
defendant to a s 216A application. The company must, of course, be a
defendant. Beyond that, the ordinary rule of civil procedure applies (see [91]
above). It is therefore the complainant’s prerogative whom else it names as a
defendant, subject only to the procedural consequences for misjoinder,
including the liability to pay a misjoined party’s costs.

105 The important point for present purposes is that s 216A does not in any
way oblige a complainant to name an intended defendant as a defendant to a s
216A application. In every case, therefore, it remains the complainant’s
procedural prerogative whether to do so or not. It is of course open to a
complainant to name the intended defendant, or even the shareholders and the
directors of the company, as defendants to a s 216A application. If the
plaintiff does so, those parties have a right to be served with the
application and to be heard upon it. And they would be bound directly by the s
216A order as a party, including any orders under s 216A(5) and any order as
to costs. But this joinder takes place by the voluntary act of the complainant
when it commences the proceedings. This joinder is thus free of the non-
discretionary requirements of O 15 r 6(2)(b). The fact remains that s 216A
itself makes clear that an intended defendant is not a person whom a plaintiff
“ought to have joined” to a s 216A application within the meaning of the first
alternative requirement of the necessity limb.

106 In short, a complainant has no obligation whatsoever to name the intended
defendant as a defendant to a s 216A application. SHSY is therefore not a
person whom Reignwood ought to have joined to the s 216A applications. SHSY
cannot satisfy the first alternative non-discretionary requirement under O 15
r 6(2)(b).

There is no lis as between SHSY and the parties

107 For the reasons I have set out above, the necessity limb requires there to
be a lis as between the person seeking joinder and the parties to the
proceedings. In my view, there is no lis between an intended defendant and
either the complainant or the company in a s 216A application.

108 The sole lis in every s 216A application is whether the court ought to
sanction a deviation from a fundamental principle of company law, ie, the
principle of majority rule. That fundamental principle vests: (a) ultimate
control of the company in a majority of its shareholders in general meeting;
and (b) executive control of the company in a majority of its directors in a
board meeting. The fundamental principle of majority rule naturally extends to
the shareholders’ and the directors’ decision as to whether the company should
litigate and, if so, how much of the company’s resources to commit to the
litigation.

109 The sole issue in a s 216A application is therefore whether (and if so on
what terms under s 216A(5)) the court should sanction a deviation from the
fundamental principle of majority rule by compelling the company to litigate
contrary to the will of the majority of its shareholders and directors. As the
Court of Appeal said in Pang Yong Hock and another v PKS Contracts Services
Pte Ltd [2004] 3 SLR(R) 1 at [19], the legislative intention of s 216A is to
provide “a procedure for the protection of genuinely aggrieved minority
interests and for doing justice to a company while ensuring that the company’s
directors are not unduly hampered in their management decisions by loud but
unreasonable dissidents attempting to drive the corporate vehicle from the
back seat”.

110 When a s 216A application is viewed that way, as I consider it must, the
only persons who have a lis as against the complainant or the company are
those persons whose concern it is whether the court should sanction a
deviation from the fundamental principle of majority rule. Those persons can
only be insiders to the company. These insiders will, of course, include the
company’s other shareholders, whether majority or minority, and the company’s
directors. The shareholders and the directors are, after all, the persons
whose ultimate or executive control over the decision to litigate the
complainant is inviting the court to override. In the case of shareholders,
they are also the persons who will bear the ultimate economic consequence of
committing the company’s resources to the litigation.

111 A “proper person” within the meaning of s 216A(1)(c) may also have a lis
against the complainant or the company. A “proper person” can include a
shareholder in the company’s parent company, like OOL. Such a person has equal
standing with the complainant to bring a s 216A application and may well be
able to demonstrate a direct concern in whether the court sanctions a
deviation from the fundamental principle of majority rule. A “proper person”
may also have a direct concern as to whom – as between itself and the
complainant – the court should authorise to exercise control over that
litigation and the extent to which the company’s resources should be committed
to pursuing it.

112 The authority for this analysis is Lederer v 372116 Ontario Ltd (cob
Hemispheres International Manufacturing Co) (“Lederer”) [2001] OJ No. 565.
Lederer is a decision of the Ontario Court of Appeal on s 246 of the Ontario
Business Corporations Act, RSO 1990, c B-16 (“OBCA”). Section 246 of the OBCA
is in pari materia with s 216A of the Act. Indeed, s 246 was one of the models
for s 216A.

113 In Lederer, Goudge JA explained why the legislation does not contemplate
an intended defendant as a participant in an application for leave to commence
derivative proceedings (at [14]):

… the seeking of leave to commence a derivative action under s. 246 of the Act
is fundamentally a proceeding between the complainants on the one hand and the
corporation and the directors on the other. The complainants seek to have the
company do something which they say is in its interest but which the directors
refuse to authorize. That these are the core players in the application for
leave is confirmed by s. 246(2) which requires that advance notice of the
complainants' intention to apply for leave be given solely to the directors of
the company. There is no suggestion in s. 246 that intended defendants are to
be participants in an application for leave to commence a derivative action.

114 What is clear is that an intended defendant does not – simply because of
its status as the intended defendant – have a lis of any kind against any
party to a s 216A application. For the reasons I have already given, the sole
issue in a s 216A application concerns only the company’s shareholders, its
directors and perhaps “proper persons” within the meaning of s 216A(1)(c) of
the Act. It is not necessary for the court to determine or adjudicate – as
against the intended defendant – whether to sanction a deviation from the
fundamental principle of majority rule.

115 None of the following circumstances is capable of giving rise to a lis as
between an intended defendant and the complainant or the company: (a) the fact
that granting the complainant leave to commence derivative proceedings against
the intended defendant in the name of the company will affect the intended
defendant’s economic or other interests; (b) the fact that the intended
defendant can assist the court in deciding the s 216A application; or (c) the
fact that the intended defendant wishes to have an early opportunity to put
its defence to the derivative proceedings before the court in order to
establish that those proceedings will lack merit.

116 If any one of these circumstances sufficed in itself to satisfy the non-
discretionary requirements of the necessity limb, or indeed of the just and
convenient limb, then every intended defendant has a right to be joined to
every s 216A application. That would directly contradict the premise of s
216A, which is that no intended defendant is entitled even to notice of the s
216A application, let alone to be joined to it as a defendant. As Griffin J
said of this argument in the decision of the Supreme Court of British Columbia
in Pierce v Chalice Capital Inc [2016] BCJ No. 892 (“Pierce”) (at [55]):

If the logic of the argument of [the intended defendant] is accepted, it would
virtually mean that in all petition proceedings to commence a derivative
action, the potential defendants of the derivative action should be given
notice and standing. This would greatly change the character and nature of
such a petition proceeding, and in my mind, for the worse and contrary to the
intention of the [British Columbian Business Corporations Act] and to the
interests of the efficient administration of justice.

117 The decision in Pierce turned on ss 232 and 233 of British Columbia’s
Business Corporations Act, SBC 2002, c 57 and rr 6-2(7)(b) and 6-2(7)(c) of
British Columbia’s Supreme Court Civil Rules, BC Reg 168/09. Although the
British Columbian provisions are not identical to the Singapore provisions,
the elements that are material to this case are sufficiently similar (see
Woon’s Corporations Law (LexisNexis Singapore, 1999, April 2021 release) at
para 406). The reasoning in Pierce therefore carries great force by analogy.

118 Any one of the circumstances listed at [115] above may be grounds for a
court to exercise its inherent jurisdiction to hear from the intended
defendant on a s 216A application either as an indulgence to the intended
defendant or to assist the court in achieving rectitude of decision. But none
of these circumstances suffice to satisfy the non-discretionary requirements
of the necessity limb.

119 The structure of s 216A shows a positive legislative intent that the
intended defendant’s opportunity to present its case on the merits of the
derivative proceedings will come in the derivative proceedings themselves, not
on the s 216A application. As Griffin J put it in Pierce (at [89]), when a
plaintiff decides to sue a person in the usual way, that person has no
opportunity to prevent the plaintiff from commencing suit. It would be
exceptional if that person did have such a right simply because it was an
intended defendant in proposed derivative proceedings. Goudge JA said much the
same in Lederer (at [17]):

… it is hard to see why intended defendants in a derivative action should have
any earlier opportunity to stop the proceedings than defendants in other
proceedings just because the derivative action requires a leave application
before it is begun.

120 For all of the foregoing reasons, I hold that a s 216A application creates
no lis as between the intended defendant on the one hand and either the
complainant or the company on the other. Accordingly, SHSY cannot satisfy the
second alternative non-discretionary requirement under O 15 r 6(2)(b).

No matters which the court will fail to determine and adjudicate

121 The necessity limb requires that the person to be joined be one whose
“presence before the court is necessary to ensure that all matters…may be
effectually and completely determined and adjudicated upon”. To see whether an
intended defendant satisfies this non-discretionary requirement of O 15 r
6(2)(b), it is necessary to identify the issues which a court must determine
and adjudicate upon in a s 216A application.

122 A s 216A application requires the court to adjudicate upon only one issue:
whether to sanction a deviation from the fundamental principle of majority
rule. In order to enliven the court’s power to adjudicate upon that single
issue, s 216A requires the complainant to satisfy four conditions precedent:

(a) First, the complainant must establish that it comes within one of the
three limbs of s 216A(1) and therefore has standing to apply for an order
under s 216A(2).

(b) Second, the complainant must establish that it has given 14 days’ notice
of its intention to bring the s 216A application to the directors of the
company as required by s 216A(3)(a).

(c) Third, the complainant must establish that it is acting in good faith
within the meaning of s 216A(3)(b) in bringing the s 216A application.

(d) Fourth, the compliant must establish that bringing, prosecuting, defending
or discontinuing the proposed derivative proceedings appears to be prima facie
in the company’s interests within the meaning of s 216A(3)(c).

123 The merits of the proposed derivative proceedings arise on a s 216A
application only as a subsidiary issue on the fourth condition precedent, ie
only as one factor in establishing that the proceedings will be prima facie in
the interests of the company. That is why the threshold for establishing the
merits of the proposed derivative proceedings on a s 216A application is
deliberately set low. The complainant need only show that the proceedings have
a “legitimate or arguable basis” (see Ang Thiam Swee v Low Hian Chor [2013] 2
SLR 340 (“Ang Thiam Swee”) at [58]). A complainant need not establish that
there is a serious question to be tried let alone that the intended derivative
proceedings are likely to succeed.

124 SHSY submits that the fact that it has submissions and evidence to
contradict Reignwood’s case in the s 216A applications on the third and fourth
conditions precedent is sufficient to satisfy the non-discretionary
requirements of the necessity limb. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

SWS at paras 63, 66 and 68 to 69; NAs dated 18 August 2020, at p 11, lines 17
to 25.

In particular, SHSY says that it is better placed than the JPLs to demonstrate
to the court that Reignwood’s arbitrations against SHSY in the name of the
Opus Tiger Companies lack merit. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

NAs dated 18 August 2020, at p 18, lines 3 to 5.

125 I do not accept this submission. First, the third and fourth conditions
precedent raise considerations which are all fundamentally internal to the
company. An outsider to the company has no basis to insist on being heard on
whether the complainant has standing, whether the complainant is acting in
good faith or whether the proposed derivative proceedings are prima facie in
the company’s interests. In Pierce, Griffin J surveyed the law in Ontario and
Manitoba and then held as follows for British Columbia (at [66]):

In this province as in Ontario and Manitoba, the issue to be determined on an
application to commence a derivative action is one between the applicant
complainant and the company and the directors who refuse to commence the
action. The key question, whether the lawsuit is in the best interests of the
company, cannot be answered by the defendant to the proposed lawsuit who is
directly adverse in interest on that question.

126 It is only on the subsidiary issue as to the merits of the proposed
derivative proceedings that an intended defendant can even hope to mount an
argument that it satisfies the non-discretionary requirements of the necessity
limb. Even then, I do not consider that an intended defendant is a person
whose presence before the court is necessary on a s 216A application to ensure
the effectual and complete determination and adjudication of whether the
proposed derivative proceedings have sufficient merit. I say that for three
reasons.

127 First, whether the proposed derivative proceedings have sufficient merit
is determined on a s 216A application solely for a purpose which is specific
to the s 216A application and which is of no concern to the intended defendant
at all. That purpose is to ascertain whether it is prima facie in the
interests of the company to compel it to commit its resources and its name to
litigation contrary to the majority will of its shareholders and directors. It
is for that reason that a complainant need only cross a deliberately low
threshold to establish that the proposed derivative proceedings have
sufficient merit. This is so that “only the most obviously unmeritorious
claims will be culled”: Ang Thiam Swee at [55]. That is also why the court
does not adjudicate factual disputes arising from the proposed derivative
proceedings on a s 216A application: Jian Li Investments Holding Pte Ltd v
Healthstats International Pte Ltd [2019] 4 SLR 825 at [50]. The court
determines whether the proposed derivative proceedings have sufficient merit
at a very low threshold and only for a very specific purpose.

128 This point can be illustrated by an example. Assume that a complainant
exercises its prerogative and names an intended defendant as a party to a s
216A application. Assume also that the court determines – with the benefit of
evidence and submissions from the intended defendant – that the proposed
derivative proceedings do indeed have sufficient merit to help establish the
complainant’s case on the fourth condition precedent. That determination is
made purely for the purposes of and in the context of determining whether the
complainant has established that condition precedent. The determination does
not result in any adjudication as to the merits of the proposed derivative
proceedings. It creates no issue estoppel or res judicata binding the intended
defendant, the company or the complainant. The intended defendant remains at
liberty in the derivative proceedings to present a full substantive defence to
the claim. It even remains at liberty to apply to strike out the derivative
proceedings under O 18 r 19 of the Rules of Court. That is simply because the
court determined the sufficiency of the merits of proposed derivative
proceedings on the s 216A application at an entirely different threshold and
for an entirely different purpose.

129 Now assume instead that the court determines that the proposed derivative
proceedings do not have sufficient merit. That determination too does not bind
the intended defendant, the company or the complainant. It gives rise to no
issue estoppel or res judicata which precludes the company from pursuing the
intended defendant on the same claim in the future if the majority of the
company’s shareholders or directors resolve to do so. That can happen if the
shareholders and directors change. It can also happen if the shareholders and
directors do not change, but simply change their minds. Once again, this is
simply because the court determined the sufficiency of the merits of proposed
derivative proceedings on the s 216A application at an entirely different
threshold and for an entirely different purpose.

130 Second, the first point shows that joining an intended defendant to a s
216A application does not advance the purpose of O 15 r 6(2)(b). That purpose
is to prevent a multiplicity of proceedings in order to: (a) prevent the waste
of time, money and judicial resources which would result from multiple parties
commencing multiple actions against each other arising from the same cause or
matter; and (b) to prevent the same or substantially the same questions or
issues of fact or law arising from the same cause or matter being tried twice
or more before different tribunals with possibly different or conflicting
results: Wee Soon Kim Anthony v Law Society of Singapore [2001] 2 SLR(R) 821
(“Wee Soon Kim”) at [19]; Singapore Civil Procedure 2020 at para 15/6/8.

131 As I have demonstrated, there is no sense in which joining an intended
defendant to a s 216A application prevents a multiplicity of proceedings. That
is because the four conditions precedent (see [122] above) are not determined
in a s 216A application as forensic ends in themselves but simply as the
prescribed statutory rubric for enlivening the court’s jurisdiction to
sanction a deviation from the fundamental principle of majority rule. Even if
the intended defendant is a party to a s 216A application – whether by being
named as a co-defendant from the outset or as a result of being joined under O
15 r 6(2)(b) contrary to the complainant’s wish – none of these four
conditions precedent will be determined in a way which binds the intended
defendant in any adjudicatory sense, as is required by the necessity limb.

132 For the reasons I have already given, the sole issue in a s 216A
application – and the four conditions precedent for enlivening the court’s
jurisdiction to adjudicate on that sole issue – is of no concern to an
intended defendant. They are simply not matters on which an intended defendant
can or should assist the court. As Griffin J put it in Pierce ([116] above)
(at [75]):

… the proposed defendant…has no direct interest in the issue to be determined
on this proceeding, which is a question having to do with whether it is in the
best interests of [the company] to commence the action, a director of [the
company] having refused to do so. The outcome of the determination of this
issue, if leave is granted, will not prejudice [the intended defendant’s]
rights to defend itself in the proposed action. The proposed defendant… will
be in no worse position than any other defendant sued by a corporation.

The effect of Reignwood initially joining SHSY as a party

133 There is one fact which may be said to complicate the analysis on the
necessity limb. Even though it had no obligation to do so, Reignwood did in
fact name SHSY as the second defendant in each s 216A application. Further, on
2 January 2019, Reignwood notified SHSY of the s 216A application against OT1
by pleading a reference to the application in its defence in the English
litigation. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Cheng Huanmin’s 1st Affidavit at p 34.

However, on 3 January 2019, Reignwood applied for and secured leave to
discontinue all four of the s 216A applications as against SHSY. On 7 January
2019, Reignwood filed the notices of discontinuance terminating the s 216A
applications. It did so without ever having served the s 216A applications on
SHSY and without informing SHSY that the applications had been discontinued.
55

##### Foot Note 55

×

SHSY’s Bundle of Documents at Tab 7; SWS at para 9.

134 SHSY, quite correctly, does not suggest that Reignwood’s discontinuance of
the s 216A applications as against SHSY is in any way procedurally defective.
The result of the discontinuance is therefore that SHSY ceased to be a party
to the s 216A application on 7 January 2019. SHSY was, from that date, as much
a stranger to the s 216A applications as any other person whom Reignwood chose
not to name as a defendant to those applications.

135 The fact that Reignwood initially named SHSY as a party to the s 216A
applications and then discontinued the applications against SHSY does not
assist SHSY in satisfying the non-discretionary requirements of the necessity
limb. Whether a person ought to have been joined as a defendant to a s 216A
application is an objective question of law. Its answer does not turn on the
complainant’s actual conduct in joining or omitting the intended defendant as
a party to the s 216A application.

136 Having found that SHSY cannot satisfy the non-discretionary requirements
of the necessity limb, I now turn to consider whether SHSY can satisfy the
non-discretionary requirements of the just and convenient limb.

The just and convenient limb

137 A person who seeks to be joined to proceedings under the just and
convenient limb must satisfy two cumulative non-discretionary requirements:
(a) there must be an issue between that person and any party to the
proceedings which is connected in some way to an issue between the existing
parties to the proceedings; and (b) the court must be of the opinion that it
is just and convenient to determine that issue as between that person and that
party as well as between the existing parties to the proceedings: Ernest
Ferdinand ([38] above) at [204], citing Singapore Civil Procedure 2017, vol 1
(Foo Chee Hock gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 7th Ed, 2016) at para 15/6/8.

138 SHSY argues that an intended defendant satisfies the non-discretionary
requirements of the just and convenient limb because the issue which arises on
a s 216A application as between the complainant and the company and also as
between the two of them and the intended defendant is whether the derivative
proceedings appear to be prima facie in the company’s interests within the
meaning of s 216A(3)(c) of the Act. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

NAs dated 23 September 2020, at p 10, line 19 to p 11, line 3; p 14, lines 17
to 21.

This, it says, is an issue which concerns the intended defendant in its
capacity as an intended defendant, even if it is assumed that the sole issue
which arises on a s 216A application is no concern of an intended defendant.
57

##### Foot Note 57

×

NAs dated 23 September 2020, at p 11, lines 10 to 12.

139 For this submission, SHSY relies on Actis Excalibur Ltd v KS Distribution
Pte Ltd and others [2016] SGHCR 11 (“Actis Excalibur”) and A R Evans Capital
Partners Limited v Gen2 Partners Inc [2012] HKCU 1284 (“A R Evans”). In each
case, an intended defendant was joined to an application for leave to commence
statutory derivative proceedings at least in part because the intended
defendant could assist the court in determining whether the complainant had
established the conditions precedent to enlivening the court’s jurisdiction to
grant the leave.

140 I do not accept SHSY’s submission at [138] above for three reasons.

141 First, the mere fact that an intended defendant can assist the court in
determining whether a complainant can establish the four conditions precedent
does not make the issue on that condition precedent one which it would be just
and convenient to determine as between the intended defendant and either the
complainant or the company as well as between the complainant and the company.

142 In Actis Excalibur, the complainant sought leave under s 216A to sue the
intended defendants in the name of the company for breaches of fiduciary and
directors’ duties. The intended defendants applied to be joined to the s 216A
application so that they could argue: (a) that the application was not taken
out in good faith; and (b) that the proposed derivative proceedings lacked
merit and were therefore not prima facie in the companies’ interests.

143 The Assistant Registrar joined the intended defendants to the s 216A
application under the just and convenient limb. He held that it was “not
objectionable” to join an intended defendant to a s 216A application so that
it could demonstrate to the court that the complainant could not establish the
third and fourth conditions precedent: Actis Excalibur at [34]–[35].

144 In A R Evans, the Hong Kong Court of First Instance joined intended
defendants to an application under s 168BC of the Hong Kong Companies
Ordinance (Cap 32) (“the Ordinance”) by which a complainant sought leave to
commence derivative proceedings against the intended defendants. The court
considered that it would be “likely, in general, to be assisted by submissions
that bear on such questions as the jurisdiction to make an order under the
section, or indeed as to the merits of the proposed claim”: at [27]. Whether
in their capacity as shareholders of the company or in their capacity as the
intended defendants, the court held that the intended defendants were entitled
to be heard in opposition to the application for leave: at [27].

145 In my view, Actis Excalibur and A R Evans go too far if they suggest that
the mere fact that a person is able to assist the court with evidence and
submissions on an issue which the court will have to determine in pending
proceedings is sufficient in itself to warrant joining that person as a party
to those proceedings under the just and convenient limb. There will always be
many persons who can assist the court with evidence and submissions on an
issue which the court will have to determine in pending proceedings. It will
no doubt be appropriate to receive that evidence and to hear those submissions
in some cases, subject to according procedural fairness to the parties, before
determining that issue, either as an indulgence to that person or to assist
the court in achieving rectitude of decision. But it cannot seriously be
suggested that all of those persons are entitled to be joined as parties to
the proceedings under the just and convenient limb if they insist upon it,
with all of the consequences which follow from joinder (see [75]–[76] above).
Further, as I have pointed out, a test framed so widely would allow every
intended defendant in every s 216A application to satisfy this non-
discretionary requirement, contrary to the deliberate scheme of s 216A.

146 For the reasons I have already given, whether Reignwood can establish the
four conditions precedent necessary to enliven the jurisdiction under s 216A
is not SHSY’s concern. Whether Reignwood can do so is a concern only of the
Opus Tiger Companies’ shareholders and directors, and perhaps of any “proper
person” within the meaning of s 216A(1)(c) (see [107]–[120] above). If s 216A
intended the court to determine whether the complainant had established these
conditions precedent as between an intended defendant and a complainant or as
between an intended defendant and the company, one would expect s 216A to
require a complainant to name an intended defendant as a defendant to a s 216A
application, or at the very least to give the intended defendant notice of a s
216A application so that it can consider whether to apply to be joined to it.

147 The second reason I do not accept SHSY’s submission at [138] above is that
the just and convenient limb requires the question or issue involving the
intended defendant to be one that can be determined in the s 216A application
as between complainant or the company and the intended defendant and also as
between the complainant and the company. SHSY argues that the merits of the
proposed derivative proceedings are one such issue. The argument is that the
threshold for assessing the merits of the derivative proceedings on a s 216A
application is the converse of the threshold for assessing whether the
derivative proceedings, once brought, ought to be struck out under O 18 r 19
of the Rules of Court. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

NAs dated 23 September 2020, at p 9, line 28 to p 10, line 5.

148 That is not correct. It is true that a complainant will fail to establish
that the proposed derivative proceedings are prima facie in the interests of
the company if the derivative proceedings lack merit. It is also true that
proceedings which would be struck out under O 18 r 19 if brought voluntarily
by the company lack sufficient merit for the purposes of the fourth condition
precedent. But it does not follow that the threshold on the merits which a
complainant must clear to prove that the proposed derivative proceedings are
prima facie in the interests of the company is the converse of – and therefore
the same issue as – the threshold on the merits which an intended defendant
must clear to strike out the derivative proceedings under O 18 r 19 after they
have been commenced. The threshold on the merits for the fourth condition
precedent is set deliberately low. It is to be carried out at a high level. It
is to be carried out without any need to resolve contested facts. It is
carried out without discovery and even before pleadings are filed. The fourth
condition precedent does not raise the same issue as that which would arise as
between the intended defendant and the company on an application to strike out
the derivative proceedings once commenced.

149 The link between a successful s 216A application and the derivative
proceedings which follow it also does not suffice to give rise to the type of
issue which the just and convenient limb requires. It is true, as held in
Actis Excalibur, that the questions or issues between the complainant and the
intended defendants are “clearly and directly linked” to the relief or remedy
which the complainant claims in the s 216A application, ie, leave to bring the
derivative proceedings: at [33]. They are necessarily linked because the only
derivative proceedings which the complainant can bring against the intended
defendant in the name of the company are the very same proceedings that the
court gave the complainant leave to bring when it made the s 216A order. But,
for the reasons I have given, that does not mean that there is a question or
issue to be determined as between the company and the intended defendant as
well as between the company and the complainant on that issue for the purposes
of the just and convenient limb.

150 The third reason I do not accept SHSY’s submission at [138] above is that
Actis Excalibur and A R Evans are distinguishable. In Actis Excalibur, the
intended defendants were company insiders. They were de jure or de facto
directors of the companies in whose name the complainant was seeking leave to
commence the derivative proceedings (at [3]–[4]). As such, it was the intended
defendants’ own decision not to cause the companies to litigate the subject
matter of the derivative proceedings that the complainant was asking the court
to override under s 216A. The intended defendants therefore had a lis as
against the complainant and the company, sufficient to support joinder under O
15 r 6(2)(b). But that lis arose from their status as directors of the
companies, not from their status as intended defendants. I do recognise,
however, that the decision in Actis Excalibur did not rest on this point.
Indeed, this argument was put forward by the complainant (at [10(b)] and
rejected in that case. In that respect, and with respect, I consider Actis
Excalibur to be wrong.

151 A R Evans is distinguishable for two reasons. First, it is not clear
whether the court assessed critically whether the intended defendant satisfied
the non-discretionary requirements for joinder under the Hong Kong equivalent
of the just and convenient limb. Assuming in SHSY’s favour that the court did
do so, it is my view, for the reasons that I have already given, that an
intended defendant does not satisfy those requirements. I therefore decline to
adopt the reasoning in A R Evans.

152 Second, s 168BC of the Ordinance is materially different from s 216A of
the Act. Like s 216A(3)(c) of the Act, s 168BC(3)(a) of the Ordinance requires
a complainant to establish that granting leave appears on the face of the
application to be in the company’s interests. But s 168BC(3)(b) of the
Ordinance goes further and requires the complainant to establish that the
proposed derivative proceedings raise “a serious question to be tried”. The
Ordinance therefore sets the merits of the proposed derivative proceedings as
an independent condition precedent for the complainant to establish, unlike
the Act which makes no express mention of the merits at all. Further, the Hong
Kong legislation sets a higher threshold for the complainant on the merits
than the Singapore courts have in interpreting and applying the fourth
condition precedent under s 216A.

153 These differences may be sufficient, under Hong Kong law, for the
threshold on the merits on an application under s 168BC of the Ordinance to be
the converse of the threshold on the merits on a striking out application. If
that is indeed the effect of the “serious question to be tried” condition
precedent in the Ordinance, it is obviously a waste of time, money and
judicial resources to grant a complainant leave to commence derivative
proceedings if the intended defendant can demonstrate at the leave stage that
it will be able to have those proceedings struck out if brought. That would
then give rise to an issue as between the intended defendant and the
complainant which comes within the just and convenient limb. In Singapore, for
the reasons I have given, the two thresholds are quite clearly and
deliberately not even an approximate converse of each other.

154 SHSY also cites Siow Doreen and others v Lo Pui Sang and others (Horizon
Partners Pte Ltd, first intervener, and Reghenzani Claude Augustus, second
intervener) [2008] 1 SLR(R) 172 (“Siow Doreen”) to illustrate when a person
affected by proceedings may apply to be joined as a party to those
proceedings. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

SHSY’s letter dated 24 August 2020 at p 6.

In that case, the consenting subsidiary proprietors of a strata development
appealed to the High Court against the Strata Titles Board’s decision to
reject its application for approval of an en bloc sale: at [5]. The en bloc
buyer then applied to be joined as a party to the appeal. The buyer argued
that: (a) it was the only person with a real interest in the appeal
succeeding, because the property market had moved post-contractually in its
favour and against the interests of the consenting subsidiary proprietors; and
(b) the outcome of the appeal might have a severe effect on its separate claim
against the consenting subsidiary proprietors for breach of contract: at [2].
Choo Han Teck J held that “prudence requires that [the buyer] be heard”
because whether the outcome of the appeal would affect the buyer’s claim
against the consenting subsidiary proprietors could not be determined until
the court heard from the buyer: at [5]. In my view, this case is best
understood as an instance of the court exercising its inherent jurisdiction to
permit a party to be heard as an indulgence to that party and to assist the
court in achieving rectitude of decision, and not as an instance of the court
exercising its power of joinder for all purposes under O 15 r 6(2)(b).

SHSY’s authorities

155 I now turn to consider some of the other authorities which SHSY has cited
on both limbs of O 15 r 6(2)(b). I do not consider that any of these
authorities support SHSY’s case for joinder.

An intended defendant is joined

156 SHSY cites five Singapore authorities and one Hong Kong authority: Chan
Tong Fan and another v Chiam Heng Luan Realty Pte Ltd (Chiam Toon Tau and
another, non-parties) [2013] SGHC 192 at [9] and [17]; Tam Tak Chuen v Eden
Aesthetics Pte Ltd and another (Khairul bin Abdul Rahman and another, non-
parties) [2010] 2 SLR 667 at [1] and [8]; Law Chin Eng and Another v Hiap Seng
& Co Pte Ltd (Lau Chin Hu and others, applicants) [2009] SGHC 223 at [1], [5]
and [6]; Low Hian Chor v Steel Forming & Rolling Specialists Pte Ltd and
another [2012] SGHC 10 at [1] and [11]; Actis Excalibur ([141] above) at [2]
and [37]; A R Evans at [1], [10], [12] and [27].

157 SHSY cites these authorities 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

SWS at paras 23 to 24; SHSY’s letter dated 24 August 2020 at p 3.

to establish that an intended defendant is, in practice, routinely joined as a
party to a s 216A application. On the strength of these authorities, SHSY
submits that, whatever may be the proper scope of the non-discretionary
requirements of O 15 r 6(2)(b), I ought to follow the practice established by
these authorities. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

NAs dated 18 August 2020, at p 20, lines 5 to 7; NAs dated 23 September 2020,
at p 6, lines 1 to 3.

To reconcile this practice with the non-discretionary requirements of O 15 r
6(2)(b), SHSY suggests that these requirements are not applied as strictly on
a s 216A application as they are in other proceedings.

158 All of these authorities involve a complainant seeking leave to commence
derivative proceedings in the name of the company against either: (a) a
director of the company for breaches of directors’ duties; or (b) a
shareholder of the company for breach of a shareholders’ agreement to which
the company was also a party. The intended defendants in each of these cases
were therefore insiders to the company. The sole issue in these applications
(see [110] above) was one which concerned them, ie, whether the court should
sanction a deviation from the fundamental principle of majority rule. These
cases are not authority for the proposition that an intended defendant, by
virtue of that status alone, satisfies the non-discretionary requirements of O
15 r 6(2)(b).

159 It is true that none of these cases draws a distinction between joining an
intended defendant to a s 216A application and joining an insider to the
company to a s 216A application. But it is also true that none of these cases
explain satisfactorily or at all how an intended defendant, in that capacity
alone, satisfies the non-discretionary requirements for joinder under O 15 r
6(2)(b) despite the points I have analysed above on the proper scope of those
requirements in light of the nature of an application under s 216A. I reject
SHSY’s submission that the non-discretionary requirements of O 15 r 6(2)(b)
are not applied as strictly on a s 216A application as they are in other
proceedings. For the reasons I have already given, there is no warrant for
that submission as a matter of precedent, principle or policy.

160 I therefore prefer the analysis in Lederer ([112] above) and Pierce ([116]
above) to SHSY’s submission as to the practical weight of these authorities.

A person directly affected is joined

161 SHSY cites Pegang Mining Co Ltd v Choong Sam [1969] 2 MLJ 52 (“Pegang
Mining”) as authority for the proposition that a person may be joined to any
proceedings where that person would be directly affected by any order that
court may make in those proceedings. In the specific context of a s 216A
application, SHSY submits that a person may be joined to the application where
the person is in a position to assist the court on the merits of the proposed
derivative proceedings. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

SHSY’s letter dated 24 August 2020 at p 2, para 6 and p 3.

These submissions appear to be supported by authority (see Singapore Civil
Procedure 2020 at para 15/6/8).

162 In my view, SHSY states its submission at far too high a level of
generality. Pegang Mining is not authority for the proposition that any person
may be joined to proceedings if that person will be directly affected by an
order in those proceedings. The true question is whether the person’s “rights
against or liabilities to any party to the action in respect of the subject
matter of the action [will] be directly affected by an order which may be made
in the action”: Singapore Civil Procedure 2020 at para 15/6/8, [emphasis
added].

163 Thus, where a plaintiff seeks a Mareva injunction freezing property
legally owned by a defendant but said to be beneficially owned by a non-party,
the beneficial owner may be joined as a party to the proceedings: C Inc ([69]
above). So too, where a plaintiff seeks a Mareva injunction freezing property
said to be beneficially owned by a defendant but legally owned by a non-party,
the legal owner may be joined as a party to the proceedings: Lee Kuan Yew v
Tang Liang Hong and other suits [1997] 1 SLR(R) 248. And where determining
proceedings in a plaintiff’s favour will result in a non-party, such as a
guarantor, becoming liable to the plaintiff, the guarantor may be joined to
the proceedings: People’s Parkway Development Pte Ltd v Ramanathan Yogendran
[1990] 2 SLR(R) 338.

164 I have demonstrated that, unlike all of these examples, a s 216A
application does not create any rights or impose any liabilities on an
intended defendant whatsoever. As I have mentioned (at [83] above), the effect
of a s 216A order is purely procedural. Its rights and liabilities as against
the company are entirely independent of the outcome of the s 216A application.
As held in Pierce ([116] above) (at [53]), an intended defendant is affected
by the outcome of a s 216A application at most only indirectly in that it may,
as a result, find itself engaged in litigation which it would not otherwise
have to be engaged. That sort of indirect and procedural effect does not
suffice to satisfy any of the non-discretionary requirements of either limb of
O 15 r 6(2)(b).

The Attorney-General is joined in the public interest

165 SHSY cites Comptroller of Income Tax v ARW and another (Attorney-General,
intervener) [2017] SGHC 180 (“ARW (HC)”). 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

SHSY’s letter dated 24 August 2020 at p 3.

In ARW(HC), the High Court allowed the Attorney-General’s application to be
joined as a party to proceedings under both limbs of O 15 r 6(2)(b) in order
to oppose the defendant’s discovery application against the Comptroller of
Income Tax. On appeal, in ARW (CA), the Court of Appeal applied the framework
set out in Ernest Ferdinand and affirmed the High Court’s decision.

166 The Court of Appeal’s reasons for affirming the first instance decision
make ARW(CA) distinguishable. On the necessity limb, the Court of Appeal held
that it was necessary to join the Attorney-General because the issue of public
interest privilege could not be effectually and completely determined without
the Attorney-General’s participation. As the guardian of the public interest,
the Attorney-General could present a perspective distinct from that of either
party on the issue, given that the issue necessarily involved the public
interest. Further, in performing this public duty, the Attorney-General would
be able take into account confidential information and considerations to which
the parties to the proceedings were not privy: ARW (CA) at [42].

167 It is true, by analogy with ARW (CA), that an intended defendant can
present a perspective on the merits of proposed derivative proceedings which
is distinct from both the complainant’s and the company’s perspectives. But
SHSY does not argue that a mere difference in perspective suffices to satisfy
the non-discretionary requirements of O 15 r 6(2)(b). In any event, both ARW
(HC) and ARW (CA) were decided in an “unique context” (see ARW (HC) at [54]).
That case involved the public interest and public interest immunity, an area
of law laden with issues of high policy. I do not think it is possible to draw
any general proposition from that case about joining a person to ordinary
civil litigation in between private persons raising issues of only private
law. ARW (HC) and ARW (CA) do not assist SHSY.

Conclusion

168 I therefore do not consider that any of the authorities which Reignwood
has cited detracts from my analysis above of the non-discretionary
requirements of O 15 r 6(2)(b) as applied to a s 216A application.

Conclusion on the requirements of O 15 r 6(2)(b)

169 For all these reasons, I hold that a person like SHSY who is an intended
defendant but is not at the same time an insider to the company cannot satisfy
the non-discretionary requirements of O 15 r 6(2)(b). The fundamental
difficulty is that a s 216A application raises different issues as between
different persons to be decided on different principles at a different
threshold and for a different purpose from any issue that may arise in any
proposed derivative proceedings which may follow the s 216A application.

170 An intended defendant will have its day in court and its chance to contest
the derivative proceedings in those proceedings, once they are commenced. In
Pierce ([116] above), Griffin J noted that “it is hard to see why intended
defendants in a derivative proceedings should have any earlier opportunity to
stop the proceedings than defendants in other proceedings just because the
derivative proceedings requires a leave application before it is begun”: at
[81], citing Lederer ([112] above) at [17]. That observation in Pierce applies
equally to s 216A and O 15 r 6(2)(b). It is no part of the purpose of s 216A
to give an intended defendant a first bite of the cherry on the merits of the
claim against it. Like any other defendant, an intended defendant like SHSY
will have its first and only bite at first instance when it defends the claim.

171 My decision would be different if SHSY were, for example, a shareholder in
OOL or even in the Opus Tiger Companies. That status as a shareholder –
equivalent to Reignwood’s status (see [10] above) – would satisfy the non-
discretionary requirements of O 15 r 6(2)(b) and would be a basis for joining
SHSY as a party to the s 216A applications. But SHSY is not a shareholder of
the Opus Tiger Companies at any level. Its position is that, as the largest
creditor of OOL, it is the economic owner of the Opus Tiger Companies with a
better claim (because they are insolvent) to control the Opus Tiger Companies
than an indirect shareholder like Reignwood has. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

NAs dated 18 August 2020, at p 20, line 24 to p 21, line 10.

That may be true as a matter of insolvency law. But it does not give SHSY
standing equivalent to that of a complainant for the purposes of s 216A as a
matter of company law or for the purposes of O 15 r 6(2)(b) as a matter of
procedural law. In any event, as Reignwood points out, 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

NAs dated 18 August 2020, at p 33, lines 11 to 21.

SHSY’s rights and its status as a creditor are yet to be adjudicated upon.
That is the very objective of the arbitrations that I have granted Reignwood
leave to commence.

172 I have arrived at my findings and holdings thus far on the assumption, in
favour of SHSY, that it had applied to be joined to the s 216A applications
before I made the s 216A orders. A party who cannot satisfy the non-
discretionary requirements of O 15 r 6(2)(b) before a s 216A order is made
cannot hope to satisfy those requirements after a s 216A order has been made.
SHSY is therefore unable to satisfy the non-discretionary requirements of O 15
r 6(2)(b) on the actual facts of this case.

The discretionary assessment

173 Having reached this conclusion, it is unnecessary for me to undertake the
discretionary assessment. I do so, however, conscious that my decision on
whether an intended defendant can meet the requirements of O 15 r 6(2)(b) with
respect to a s 216A application could be seen to contradict the practice
manifested in the authorities that SHSY has cited and the reasoning in those
authorities.

174 Even if I had held that SHSY does satisfy the non-discretionary
requirements of O 15 r 6(2)(b), I would nevertheless have dismissed SHSY’s
joinder applications on the discretionary assessment.

175 The discretionary assessment requires the court to consider all factors
relevant to the balance of justice in a particular case. The discretionary
assessment under both limbs raises substantially the same concerns: Ernest
Ferdinand at [205].

176 Reignwood relies on four factors on the discretionary assessment: (a)
joining SHSY to the s 216A applications contradicts the doctrines of res
judicata and abuse of process; (b) SHSY is guilty of delay in applying to be
joined; (c) joining SHSY at this late stage will cause prejudice to Reignwood;
and (d) SHSY has a more appropriate forum in which it to contest the merits of
the derivative proceedings, ie, in the arbitrations themselves. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

PWS at paras 67 to 68 and 76 to 77.

177 SHSY relies on two factors on the discretionary assessment: (a) Reignwood
deliberately kept SHSY in the dark about the s 216A applications to deprive
SHSY of an opportunity to be heard on them; and (b) SHSY will suffer prejudice
if it is not joined to the s 216A applications. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

SWS at para 36.

178 I shall address the discretionary factors in three categories. (a) res
judicata and abuse of process; (b) why SHSY did not apply to be joined before
the s 216A orders were made; and (c) prejudice, inconvenience and alternative
forum. In addressing these factors, I now take the facts as they are, and no
longer assume that SHSY had brought its joinder application before I made the
s 216A orders.

Res judicata and abuse of process

179 Reignwood submits that the s 216A orders are final and that SHSY should
not be joined to the s 216A applications even if any part of its objective is
to “reopen matters that have already been litigated”. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

PWS at para 67.

180 I accept that this is a powerful discretionary factor militating against
joinder. The weight to be attached to this factor depends on: (a) why SHSY did
not apply to be joined before I made the s 216A orders; (b) whether SHSY’s
only objective in seeking to be joined is reversing the s 216A orders; (c) if
not, whether there is another way in which to allow SHSY to achieve its
objective without this undesirable and unintended consequence of joinder, eg,
a limited order allowing it only to be heard on specific interlocutory
applications; and (d) the effect of reversing the s 216A orders on Reignwood
and the Opus Tiger Companies, given that the Opus Tiger Companies themselves
have never sought to have those orders reversed.

181 I now consider these other factors.

SHSY did not apply before the s 216A orders were made

182 A court will not allow a person to be joined to proceedings in order to
reopen matters already litigated in those proceedings if that person “chose
not to involve himself in the proceedings at an earlier stage”: Ernest
Ferdinand at [207]. This factor overlaps with the length of the person’s delay
in applying to be joined and the explanation for the delay: Ernest Ferdinand
at [208]. The person’s “disappointed expectation that a case would be decided
differently is not a good explanation for delay”: Ernest Ferdinand at [208].

183 Reignwood relies on this to argue that SHSY knew of the s 216A
applications from January 2019 and chose not to involve itself in these
applications at any time before I made the s 216A orders in May 2019. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

PWS at para 68.

SHSY’s response is that it delayed in applying to be joined because Reignwood
engaged in a pattern of conduct of “deliberately concealing” the s 216A
applications from SHSY “to gain a tactical advantage in its dispute against
SHSY”. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

SWS at paras 59 and 61.

Thus Reignwood misled SHSY into waiting to be served with the originating
process in the PRC while Reignwood pressed on with the applications and
secured the s 216A orders in SHSY’s absence in Singapore.

184 In my view, SHSY’s delay is a neutral factor which does not count either
in favour of or against exercising the discretion to join SHSY to the s 216A
applications. I say that for the following reasons.

185 Reignwood revealed to SHSY in January 2019 that it had brought a s 216A
application against OT1 and SHSY. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

NAs dated 18 August 2020, at p 13, lines 14 to 19.

It made this revelation when it filed its defence in the English litigation
(see [133] above). It pleaded the s 216A application against OT1 as part of
its case as follows: 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Cheng Huanmin’s 1st Affidavit at p 34.

On 10 December 2018 the [plaintiff] filed an Originating Summons in the
Singapore High Court against [Opus Tiger 1] … and [SHSY]. The [plaintiff]
seeks the leave of that Court to bring a statutory derivative action for
breach of the Contract in the name and on behalf of [Opus Tiger 1] against
[SHSY] under s.216A of the Singaporean Companies Act (Cap.50). If granted
leave (which is anticipated will happen in or around March 2019), the
[plaintiff] will be permitted to commence [the arbitration proceedings] …

[emphasis added]

SHSY accepts that this pleading “made [SHSY] aware of the existence of the OT1
application. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Cheng Huanmin’s 1st Affidavit at para 30.

186 SHSY explains, however, that it took no steps to participate in the OT1
application at that stage because: (a) Reignwood had named SHSY as the second
defendant in the s 216A application; (b) therefore, SHSY was waiting to be
served formally with the application in the PRC; and (c) SHSY knew that
service in the PRC would take a long time to effect because it would have to
be done through the judicial authorities of the PRC. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Cheng Huanmin’s 1st Affidavit at paras 7, 30, 31; NAs dated 18 August 2020, at
p 15, lines 12 to 15.

187 As I have mentioned, Reignwood discontinued the s 216A applications
against SHSY with leave on 7 January 2019. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

SHSY’s Bundle of Documents at Tab 7.

It did not serve the notices of discontinuance on SHSY or inform SHSY of the
discontinuances in any other way. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

SWS at para 49; Cheng Huanmin’s 1st Affidavit at para 10.

188 Reignwood points out that, 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

PWS at para 71(c).

even though SHSY claims it was waiting to be served with the s 216A
application from January 2019, SHSY did ask Reignwood on 6 January 2019 for
copies of the application and supporting affidavit. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Cheng Huanmin’s 1st Affidavit at p 50 to 51.

Reignwood provided these documents to SHSY on 8 January 2019. This factor is,
to my mind, immaterial. SHSY was still named as the second defendant on the
face of those documents. This was consistent with Reignwood’s description of
the s 216A application against OT1 in its defence filed in the English
litigation (see [184] above). However, by that time, Reignwood had already
secured leave to discontinue the applications as against SHSY. Reignwood did
not disclose this to SHSY.

189 I am prepared to accept that SHSY actually believed in January 2019, and
on reasonable grounds, that: (a) it was still a party to the OT1 application;
and (b) Reignwood was in the process of serving the application on SHSY
through the judicial authorities of the PRC. I am prepared also to accept that
SHSY did not know that Reignwood had discontinued the OT1 application as
against SHSY until June 2019 when it inspected the court file. However, none
of this suffices to explain SHSY’s failure to bring its joinder application
before May 2019.

190 In the defence filed in the English litigation (see [184] above),
Reignwood disclosed to SHSY that it anticipated that the OT1 application would
be heard, and that leave would be granted, in or around March 2019. As
Reignwood points out, 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

NAs dated 18 August 2020, at p 27, lines 16 to 21.

SHSY is a sophisticated and substantial commercial party. It is not unused to
litigation (see [25] above). Given that SHSY knew about the OT1 application in
January 2019 and knew that Reignwood expected the OT1 application to be heard
in March 2019, I would have expected SHSY to have asked Reignwood for an
update on the application in or around March 2019 if not before. At the very
least, I would have expected SHSY to appoint solicitors in Singapore no later
than March 2019 to inspect the court file in the OT1 application to ascertain
its status. SHSY did not inspect the court files in the s 216A applications
until Reignwood gave SHSY copies of the s 216A orders in June 2019. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Cheng Huanmin’s 1st Affidavit at para 35.

191 Despite knowing of the s 216A orders from June 2019, SHSY did not apply to
be joined until October 2019. SHSY says that it was waiting for the Opus Tiger
Companies to file the Directions Applications. But, given that at least one of
SHSY’s objectives in applying to be joined to the s 216A applications is to
reverse the s 216A orders, there was no reason for SHSY to wait for the
Directions Applications to be filed before applying to be joined.

192 Having said that, it appears to me also that Reignwood was playing
tactical games with SHSY. It first named SHSY as the second defendant in the s
216A application against OT1 and informed SHSY of that fact. It then
discontinued the s 216A applications as against SHSY without informing SHSY of
that fact. Reignwood secured the s 216A orders in May 2019, but did not inform
SHSY of them until June 2019, just before the deadline for appeal was to
expire. Reignwood did not give copies of the notices of discontinuance to SHSY
until July 2019, eight months after the discontinuances took place. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Cheng Huanmin’s 1st Affidavit at p 484.

193 I mean no criticism of either party’s conduct by these observations. They
were merely jockeying for advantage as litigants, shareholders and creditors
inevitably do. As was their prerogative, they were both acting within the
strict letter of their procedural and legal rights. Reignwood had no duty to
inform SHSY promptly or at all: (a) that it had brought four s 216A
applications and not just one against OT1; (b) that it had discontinued all
four applications as against SHSY in January 2019; or (c) that it had obtained
the s 216A orders in May 2019. And SHSY was entitled to sit back and wait to
be served with the OT1 application in the PRC even if it knew that Reignwood
intended to have the application heard in March 2019 and even if SHSY received
no updates from Reignwood as to the progress of the application around or
after March 2019.

194 I make these observations only as a basis for my conclusion that I
consider both parties’ acts and omissions from January 2019 to October 2019 to
be a neutral factor in the discretionary assessment, ie, a factor which does
not weigh in either party’s favour.

Prejudice, inconvenience and alternative forum

195 A factor which points against joinder is the prejudice and inconvenience
that Reignwood would suffer if SHSY is now joined as a party to the s 216A
applications. The prejudice and inconvenience operate on two levels.

196 First, joining a person to any proceedings causes prejudice and
inconvenience to the parties to the proceedings. The joinder increases the
length and the costs of the proceedings. In Siow Doreen ([154] above), Choo
Han Teck J joined the en bloc buyer as a party to an appeal from the Strata
Titles Board to the High Court. The most relevant factor was that the appeal
“concerned a very narrow point (or two) of law”. Choo Han Teck J therefore
considered that the joinder was warranted even though it increased the number
of parties the court would have to hear: at [6].

197 The prejudice and inconvenience are compounded when joining an intended
defendant to a s 216A application in order to allow it to contest the four
conditions precedent which a complainant must establish (see [122] above).
That is especially so when the intended defendant’s purpose is to contest the
merits of the proposed derivative proceedings. Joining an intended defendant
who is not an insider purely to contest the merits of the proposed derivative
proceedings creates a real risk of complicating and lengthening a s 216A
application with no countervailing benefit, given the very low threshold at
which the merits are to be assessed. If allowed to do so, an intended
defendant has every incentive to maximise this first bite of the cherry by
turning the s 216A application into an application to strike out the proposed
derivative proceedings even before they are brought or, worse still, into a
full dress rehearsal of the derivative proceedings. No doubt, a robust judge
will be vigilant to prevent this from happening. But the risk exists
nonetheless. That in turn poses a real risk of increasing costs and delay. It
may also delay the commencement of the derivative proceedings themselves,
contrary to the purpose of s 216A. As the Ontario Court of Appeal noted in
Lederer ([112] above) at [15]:

… the application procedure envisaged by [the Ontario equivalent of s 216A] is
intended to be expeditious so that if litigation is necessary in the interest
of the corporation its commencement will not be unduly delayed. This suggests
that additional participants in a leave application beyond those envisaged by
[the Ontario equivalent of s 216A] ought to be the exception, not the norm. …

198 SHSY submits that refusing joinder will cause it prejudice because it will
have no opportunity to present “the full facts” as to whether the court should
have granted Reignwood leave to commence the derivative proceedings. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

SWS at para 74.

It also submits that refusing leave will encourage litigants “to conceal
proceedings from interested parties” to prevent full disclosure of the
relevant facts to the court. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

SWS at para 74.

But s 216A does not require a complainant to notify an intended defendant of
the s 216A applications, let alone to name it as a defendant. That is a
deliberate legislative choice. Further, in a s 216A application, the court
need not and should not determine “the full facts”; it need only determine
whether the complainant has established the four conditions precedent and
whether it should sanction a departure from the fundamental principle of
majority rule.

199 Second, joining SHSY as a party to the s 216A applications will cause
prejudice or inconvenience to Reignwood. SHSY argues in response that, if it
is joined as a party, it will take out the necessary applications to challenge
the s 216A orders. And if its challenge fails, the s 216A orders will stand
and Reignwood will suffer no prejudice. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

SWS at para 73.

200 But the prejudice and inconvenience to Reignwood lie precisely in the
possibility that SHSY’s challenge succeeds. This is where the fact that SHSY
has applied for joinder after the s 216A orders have been made becomes highly
relevant. Reignwood has, since June 2019, proceeded on the basis that the s
216A orders are final and cannot be reversed even by appeal. On that basis,
Reignwood has now commenced all four arbitrations. Reignwood has paid the
filing fees for all four arbitrations. All four tribunals have been
constituted. The OT1 arbitration is at the pleadings stage. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

PWS at para 76(a).

Although these points appear only from Reignwood’s written submissions rather
than in any affidavit, SHSY knows the procedural position in the arbitrations
and does not contradict Reignwood.

201 As Reignwood submits, 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

PWS at para 76.

if SHSY is now joined to the s 216A applications in order, at least in part,
to appeal against the s 216A orders out of time, there is a risk that all of
the time, money and other resources that Reignwood has expended in progressing
the arbitrations will be wasted. The potential prejudice to Reignwood is not
addressed by allowing the joinder and leaving it to Reignwood to raise these
arguments on SHSY’s application for leave to appeal out of time. The mere risk
of prejudice to Reignwood suffices to count against SHSY in the discretionary
assessment.

202 For all of these reasons, even if I had been of the view that SHSY had
managed to satisfy the non-discretionary requirements of O 15 r 6(2)(b), I
would have declined it leave to be joined as a party to the s 216A
applications on the discretionary assessment.

The inherent jurisdiction to order joinder

203 Quite apart from the power to join SHSY under O 15 r 6(2)(b), some
authorities refer to the court’s inherent jurisdiction to join a person to
proceedings. For completeness, I shall briefly address whether SHSY’s joinder
applications can succeed under the court’s inherent jurisdiction.

204 The court’s inherent jurisdiction to prevent injustice and to prevent an
abuse of the process of the court is preserved by O 92 r 4: Wee Soon Kim
([130] above) at [21]. Order 92 r 4 reads:

For the avoidance of doubt it is hereby declared that nothing in these Rules
shall be deemed to limit or affect the inherent powers of the Court to make
any order as may be necessary to prevent injustice or to prevent an abuse of
the process of the Court.

How the court should exercise its inherent jurisdiction “should not be
circumscribed by rigid criteria or tests” but by the strict and essential
touchstone of necessity: Wee Soon Kim at [27]; Family Food Court [2008] 4
SLR(R) 272 at [63]. The court’s inherent jurisdiction should be invoked only
in “exceptional circumstances where there is a clear need for it and the
justice of the case so demands”: ARW (HC) ([165] above) at [66], citing
Roberto Building Material Pte Ltd and others v Oversea-Chinese Banking Corp
Ltd and another [2003] 2 SLR(R) 353 at [17]. An overly liberal approach to
exercising the court’s inherent jurisdiction runs the risk of undermining the
entire purpose of the carefully constructed edifice of procedural rights,
obligations, powers, discretions and safeguards set out in the Rules of Court.

205 I refuse to join SHSY to the s 216A applications in the exercise of my
inherent jurisdiction. SHSY has not established that any exceptional
circumstances exist. Further, the same list of factors I have relied on in
explaining why SHSY cannot satisfy the non-discretionary requirements of O 15
r 6(2)(b) and why I would have exercised my discretion under O 15 r 6(2)(b)
against joining SHSY demonstrates that exercising my inherent jurisdiction to
join SHSY to the s 216A applications is in no sense necessary to prevent
injustice.

206 Once again: (a) the sole issue to be adjudicated on the s 216A
applications is no concern of SHSY; (b) SHSY is entitled to only one
opportunity to defeat the derivative proceedings, and that opportunity comes
in the arbitrations themselves; and (c) even creating a risk that the s 216A
orders might be belatedly reversed is prejudicial to Reignwood, given that the
sole issue on a s 216A application is of no concern to an intended defendant.

207 For all of these reasons, SHSY’s application to be joined as a party to
the s 216A applications cannot succeed even under the inherent jurisdiction.

Hearing SHSY on the Directions Applications

208 I have thus far rejected SHSY’s application to be joined as a party to the
s 216A applications either under O 15 r 6(2)(b) or in the exercise of the
court’s inherent jurisdiction.

209 I now consider whether it is appropriate to make a limited order granting
SHSY leave only to be heard on the Directions Applications. That limited order
would give SHSY a procedural right to present evidence and submissions on the
Directions Applications but would not make it a party to the s 216A
applications. That would avoid the undesirable and unintended consequences of
joinder (see [75]–[76] above). In particular, this type of limited order
ensures that SHSY cannot even attempt to reverse the s 216A orders. The fact
that I have already made the s 216A orders therefore becomes an irrelevant
consideration in the discretionary assessment as to whether to make this type
of limited order.

210 There is no express power in the Rules of Court for me to make this type
of limited order. I do not consider that O 15 r 6(2)(b) allows me to do so. It
is true that the word “proceedings” in O 15 r 6(2) is wide enough to include
interlocutory proceedings such as the Directions Applications. But the entire
purpose of O 15 r 6 is to deal with misjoinder and nonjoinder of “parties”. A
person cannot be a “party” to an interlocutory application. A person can be a
party only to the originating process in which that interlocutory application
is brought.

211 I do consider, however, that the court’s inherent jurisdiction as
preserved by 92 r 4 extends to allowing a person who is not a party to an
originating process to present evidence and submissions either on a particular
interlocutory application in that originating process or at the hearing which
disposes of the originating process with finality, without making that person
a party to the originating process. A limited order does not cut across or
undermine any established procedure under the Rules of Court. Further, a
limited order could assist the court in achieving rectitude of decision on the
s 216A application without the undesirable and unintended consequences of a
joinder. Indeed, the existence and exercise of this inherent jurisdiction may
be the best procedural explanation for the basis on which intended defendants
who are not shareholders, directors or “proper persons” have been permitted to
present evidence and make submissions at the hearing of a s 216A application.

212 By the Directions Applications, the Opus Tiger Companies seek my
directions on the proper scope of the s 216A orders. In particular, the
Direction Applications pose the following questions: 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

HC/SUM 5234/2019; HC/SUM 5235/2019; HC/SUM 5236/2019; HC/SUM 5237/2019; SWS at
para 31.

(a) Did Reignwood act within the scope of the s 216A orders in:

(i) purporting to accept, on the Opus Tiger Companies’ behalf, SHSY’s alleged
repudiation of the Contracts; and

(ii) purporting to give, on the Opus Tiger Companies’ behalf, notice as
stipulated by the Contracts to change the companies’ addresses for receipt of
communications?

(b) Is Reignwood obliged to consult and inform the Opus Tiger Companies of
those two acts and of any future steps in the conduct of the derivative
actions?

213 SHSY approaches this more limited order by analogy, mutatis mutandis, with
O 15 r 6(2)(b). It therefore submits that it should be heard on the Directions
Applications under the just and convenient limb. It identifies the question or
issue between it and the existing parties to be the scope of the s 216A
orders. It says that the situation giving rise to the Directions Application
sprang from the derivative proceedings against SHSY, and that it will be
affected by my decision on the Directions Applications. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

NAs dated 18 August 2020, at p 40, lines 7 to 16.

214 It is true that the questions raised in the Directions Applications affect
SHSY in that they arise from contracts to which SHSY is the counterparty. It
is also true that Reignwood’s conduct of the derivative proceedings will
affect SHSY, and therefore the outcome of the Directions Applications may
affect SHSY. But that does not give rise to a question or issue involving SHSY
that relates to an existing question or issue in the Directions Applications.

215 The Directions Applications are an extension of the s 216A applications
and the s 216A orders. Just as the sole issue which arises on a s 216A
application is internal to the company, so too the questions and issues which
arise on the Directions Applications as to the scope and implementation of the
s 216A orders are internal to the company. As a result, these issues arise
only between Reignwood and the Opus Tiger Companies. The questions and issues
which arise on the Directions Application do not cross the contractual divide
between the Opus Tiger Companies and SHSY. They are therefore no concern of
SHSY’s.

216 Even if I were to look more broadly at whether to make a limited order –
without reference even by analogy to O 15 r 6(2)(b) but as a matter of an
overall unfettered discretion arising from my inherent jurisdiction – I would
also decline to make the order. Whatever my decision on the Directions
Applications may be, whether the steps which Reignwood takes in the name of
the Opus Tiger Companies in conducting the derivative proceedings against SHSY
fall within the scope of the s 216A orders is a matter internal to the Opus
Tiger Companies. It therefore concerns only the closed class of insiders to
the company: Reignwood, the Opus Tiger Companies, OOL (as a shareholder of
Reignwood), the JPLs and other directors of the Opus Tiger Companies and
possibly the other shareholders of OOL (as “proper persons” within the meaning
of s 216A(1)(c)). Whether those steps fall within the scope of the s 216A
order is no concern, in any legal or procedural sense, of SHSY’s.

217 In that sense, SHSY is like any other defendant facing a claim by a
corporate plaintiff or claimant. Whether the corporate claimant is acting
beyond its powers and whether the directors controlling the conduct of the
litigation are acting beyond the limits of their authority are all matters
internal to the corporation. They are of no concern to the defendant.

Conclusion

218 For all of the foregoing reasons, I have decided that: (a) SHSY does not
satisfy the non-discretionary requirements and fails the discretionary
assessment for joinder as a party to the s 216A applications under Order 15 r
6(2)(b) and in the exercise of my inherent jurisdiction; and (b) it is not
necessary for me to exercise my inherent jurisdiction to receive evidence and
submissions from SHSY on the Directions Applications.

219 I have therefore dismissed SHSY’s joinder applications in their entirety.
The effect of my decision is, of course, to preclude SHSY from applying again
to be joined as a party to the s 216A applications. But nothing in my decision
precludes SHSY from applying under the court’s inherent jurisdiction to be
heard on an interlocutory application that arises after this decision.
Reignwood does not suggest otherwise. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

NAs dated 18 August 2020, at p 36, lines 5 to 8; NAs dated 23 September 2020,
at p 22, line 24 to p 23, line 5.

220 I make one final point before concluding. Rule 9(3)(a) of the Legal
Profession (Professional Conduct) Rules 2015 (S 706/2015) obliges every legal
practitioner who conducts proceedings before a court “to inform the court…of
every relevant decision…of which the legal practitioner is aware, whether that
decision…supports or rebuts the legal practitioner’s contentions…”.

221 The obligation imposed by this rule is a wide one. It does not require the
decision to be one that is binding on the court. It does not even require the
decision to be a decision of a Singapore court. But the obligation applies
only if the legal practitioner is aware of the decision. As such, a breach of
the obligation is extremely difficult to detect, let alone to sanction. It is
thus fair to say that the only real motivation for complying with this
obligation is the legal practitioner’s own professional conscience. In that
sense, I have often wondered whether this rule is more honoured today in the
breach than the observance. Nevertheless, the rule exists. And the rule exists
not merely as a professional obligation: it also encapsulates one of the best
traditions of the bar in extending its members’ assistance to the court in
administering justice.

222 In dismissing SHSY’s joinder applications, I have derived support from the
Canadian decisions of Lederer ([112] above) and Pierce ([116] above). It was
Mr Daniel Chia, counsel for SHSY, who drew both decisions to my attention. He
did so even though both decisions rebutted his contentions and even though
neither decision was in any way binding on me. I commend Mr Chia for having
followed his professional conscience and for having upheld the best traditions
of the bar in doing so.

Vinodh Coomaraswamy

Judge of the High Court

Hing Shan Shan Blossom, Tan Yi Yin Amy, Teo Wei Ling and Kiu Yan Yu (Drew &
Napier LLC) for the plaintiff;

Tnee Zixian, Keith, Chin Wan Yew, Rachel, and Darren Ng Zhen Qiang (Tan Kok
Quan Partnership) for the defendants;

Daniel Chia Hsiung Wen, Ker Yanguang and Annette Liu Jia Ying (Morgan Lewis
Stamford LLC) for Shanghai Shipyard Co Ltd.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 23 Jun 2021 (18:28 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

