Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the Court of Appeal of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGCA 83

Criminal Appeal No 4 of 2021

Between

| BWM  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

Ex-Tempore Judgment

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Sentencing] — [Sexual offences]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections to be approved by the
court and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the
law, for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
BWM

  
v

  

Public Prosecutor

[2021] SGCA 83

Court of Appeal — Criminal Appeal No 4 of 2021  
Tay Yong Kwang JCA, Belinda Ang Saw Ean JAD, and Chao Hick Tin SJ  
16 August 2021

16 August 2021

Tay Yong Kwang JCA (delivering the judgment of the court ex-tempore):

Introduction

1 The appellant is a male Singaporean, presently 38 years old. He was the
boyfriend of the victim’s elder sister and they got married subsequently in
November 2009. After the incidents set out in the charges below came to light,
the said sister filed for divorce. The divorce was finalised in December 2015.

2 The victim is a male Singaporean. He is now 23 years old. At the time of the
offences, he was between 10 and 14 years in age. He resided with his elder
sister at all material times.

The Charges and Statement of Facts

3 In the High Court, the appellant pleaded guilty to two charges of sexual
assault by penetration, an offence under s 376(1)(a) punishable under s
376(4)(b) of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed) (the “Penal Code”). For the
first offence, sometime in 2008, at a public swimming complex, the appellant
used his penis to penetrate the victim’s anus while they were in the shower
together. The victim was then 10 years old. For the second offence, sometime
in 2011, in their family apartment, the appellant used his penis to penetrate
the victim’s anus. No one else was in the apartment at that time. Before
committing the offence, the appellant used his mobile phone to check his then-
wife’s location and upon confirming that she was a distance away from the
apartment, he asked the victim to stand at the apartment’s main door and to
keep an eye on the peep-hole in order to alert the appellant if his then-wife
and her parents returned home. He then proceeded to penetrate the victim from
behind in a standing position.

4 Three other charges were taken into consideration for sentencing. The first
concerned an outrage of modesty in 2008 when the appellant used his penis to
rub against the victim’s anus while they were sleeping together on a mattress
in the living room of the victim’s former family apartment. The appellant had
stayed over because he was going out with the victim’s family early the next
morning. The other two charges concerned penile-anal penetration in the family
apartment when the victim was 12 and 14 years old respectively.

5 In all five offences, the victim did not consent to the sexual acts. He was
afraid that if he revealed the incidents, his parents would scold him for what
had happened or that the appellant would break up with his sister.

6 In 2012, after watching an episode of Crime Watch on television featuring an
adult assaulting a young boy sexually, the victim eventually revealed to his
mother the sexual acts committed by the appellant against him. The victim’s
parents informed the appellant’s then-wife. When she confronted the appellant
about the victim’s allegations, he admitted that he had sodomised the victim
on a number of occasions at various locations. Thereafter, she filed for
divorce and made a police report on 17 November 2014.

7 After the appellant was called up by the police for the recording of his
statement, he became uncontactable and avoided attempts by the police to reach
him. He was finally arrested about four years later on 4 December 2018. By
then, the appellant had re-married and was father to a child.

8 The appellant was assessed by the Institute of Mental Health. He was found
to have suffered an adjustment disorder due to the breakdown of his first
marriage. It was also possible that he suffered from paedophilic disorder.
However, there was no contributory link between his psychiatric conditions and
the offences.

The Punishment Provision

9 Under s 376(4)(b) of the Penal Code, the punishment for the two charges to
which the appellant pleaded guilty is imprisonment for not less than 8 years
and not more than 20 years. In addition, there is mandatory caning of not less
than 12 strokes.

The High Court’s Decision

10 In the High Court, the Prosecution submitted that the appellant should be
imprisoned for at least 10 years and given 12 strokes of the cane for each of
the two charges to which he had pleaded guilty. It submitted further that both
imprisonment terms should run consecutively to arrive at an aggregate sentence
of 20 years’ imprisonment and 24 strokes of the cane. The Prosecution
highlighted that the victim was a young boy, the appellant had abused his
position of trust and authority, there was an element of premeditation and the
offences took place over a period of about four years.

11 The Defence argued that the sentences should be 8 years’ imprisonment and
12 strokes of the cane for the first offence and 10 years’ imprisonment and 12
strokes of the cane for the second offence. It submitted that there was no
abuse of trust in the first offence (in 2008) because the appellant was only
the boyfriend and not the husband of the victim’s sister at that time (as
their marriage was in November 2009). The Defence also highlighted the
appellant’s guilty plea and the absence of any criminal record.

12 Using the sentencing framework set out in the Court of Appeal’s decision in
Pram Nair v PP [2017] 2 SLR 1015 and guided by the Court of Appeal’s
observations in BPH v PP and another appeal [2019] 2 SLR 764, the trial Judge
considered the victim’s age at the time of the offences, the fact that the
appellant was the boyfriend and later the husband of the victim’s elder sister
and the period of the offending conduct as aggravating factors. He also took
into consideration the guilty plea as an offender-specific mitigating factor.
The trial Judge did not accept the Defence’s argument that there was no abuse
of trust in the first offence because the appellant was only the boyfriend of
the victim’s sister at that time. In his view, it was the substance of the
relationship between the victim and the appellant that was relevant in
determining if a position of trust existed. It was clear to him from the facts
set out in the Statement of Facts that it was the position of trust that the
appellant occupied which allowed him to commit the first offence.

13 Accordingly, the trial Judge imposed a sentence of 10 years’ imprisonment
and 12 strokes of the cane for each of the two charges. He ordered the
sentences to run consecutively, resulting in an aggregate of 20 years’
imprisonment and the maximum of 24 strokes of the cane. He also backdated the
imprisonment to commence from 5 December 2018, the date of remand. The trial
Judge did not accept the Defence’s contention that consecutive imprisonment
terms would breach the totality principle. In his view, failing to order
consecutive imprisonment terms would mean effectively that the appellant would
be punished for only one of the five offences that he faced (including the
three offences taken into consideration) and would ignore the extent of the
offending conduct which lasted about four years. He did not think that the
aggregate sentence was a crushing one, having regard to the appellant’s age
and the availability of remission for good behaviour.

Our Decision

14 We make a quick observation on the point made by the trial Judge that
concurrent sentences would mean effectively that the appellant would be
punished for only one of the five offences that he faced. That is true where
the imprisonment is concerned. However, caning would be cumulative in any
event.

15 The appellant appealed against sentence. The present counsel for the
appellant, Mr Ramesh Tiwary, now accepts that the sentences should run
consecutively but submits that both sentences should be for the mandatory
minimum of 8 years and 12 strokes of the cane so that the aggregate sentence
is 16 years and 24 strokes of the cane. He relies on PP v BOX [2021] SGHC 147,
a very recent judgment delivered by another High Court Judge on 30 June 2021.
Mr Ramesh Tiwary was also the Defence Counsel in that case.

16 In PP v BOX, there were 2 young sisters under 14 years of age involved as
victims. The accused there was in a relationship with the victims’ mother and
he had asked the victims to address him as “daddy”. The older sister was the
victim of two offences of penis into mouth penetration in 2012 when she was
about 11 years old. There were also two outrage of modesty charges (one
against the older sister and the other against the younger sister). Five other
charges (all relating to sexual offences) were taken into consideration.

17 The Prosecution in that case asked for an aggregate sentence of at least 17
years’ imprisonment and 24 strokes of the cane. The Prosecution suggested the
following minimum terms for the four charges: 10 years’ imprisonment and 12
strokes of the cane for the first penetration charge, 12 years’ imprisonment
for the second penetration charge, three years’ imprisonment and three strokes
of the cane for the first outrage of modesty charge and two years’
imprisonment and three strokes of the cane for the second outrage of modesty
charge. The Defence there submitted that only two of the sentences should be
consecutive and that the global sentence should be 14 to 15 years’
imprisonment and 24 strokes of the cane.

18 After considering the relevant sentencing principles and the facts, the
Judge in that case accepted the Prosecution’s submissions on the sentences for
the two penetration charges. However, she imposed two and a half years’
imprisonment and three strokes of the cane for each of the two outrage of
modesty charges. She then ordered the sentences for the second penetration
charge and for both outrage of modesty charges to run consecutively, resulting
in an aggregate sentence of 17 years’ imprisonment and 24 strokes of the cane.
She also backdated the imprisonment to the date of remand.

19 We understand that the accused in PP v BOX has appealed against sentence so
we shall keep our comments on that case to only what is needed for the present
appeal. While the individual sentences in that case appear consistent with the
sentencing trend for penetration cases, the aggregate appears to have been
influenced heavily by the Prosecution’s call for a total of 17 years’
imprisonment and 24 strokes of the cane. Even so, the Prosecution’s position
on the aggregate sentence in that case was qualified by the phrase “at least”.
There were five other charges taken into consideration in that case and all
were related to sexual offences. Accordingly, we think the decision in PP v
BOX would not be wrong even if the Judge there had ordered the sentences for
the two penetration charges to run consecutively.

20 Coming back to the present appeal, we think the trial Judge here was
correct in rejecting the subtle distinction that the former Defence Counsel
sought to make concerning the relationship between the appellant and the
victim for the first penetration charge. The trial Judge was correct to have
considered the substance of the relationship between the appellant and the
victim in determining whether a position of trust existed and he concluded
correctly that there was a lot of trust reposed in the appellant by the
victim, the victim’s sister and their parents. The victim did not tell anyone
about the sexual abuse because he was afraid that his parents would scold him
for what had happened or that the appellant would break up with the victim’s
sister, with whom the victim shared a very close relationship.

21 While the trial Judge was also correct in taking into consideration the
appellant’s guilty plea as a mitigating factor, we must not forget that the
appellant went into hiding after the police report was made against him and he
avoided attempts by the police to reach him. The police managed to arrest him
only about four years later on 4 December 2018. In the meantime, after the
victim’s sister had divorced the appellant, he remarried and had a child with
his second wife. The plea of remorse would have greater mitigating force if
the appellant had surrendered himself and sooner instead of being arrested
after about four years. Similarly, the mitigating value of the appellant’s
admission of his criminal conduct upon confrontation by his former wife was
practically erased by his disappearance for those years.

22 While the Institute of Mental Health psychiatric report assessed the
appellant to have suffered from an adjustment disorder as a result of the
breakdown of his first marriage, there was clearly no contributory link
between his mental condition and the offences. The offences predated the
marital breakdown and, as pointed out earlier, the appellant carried on with
his life nevertheless and remarried.

23 On their own, the two penetration charges attract mandatory minimum
sentences of 8 years’ imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane each. There were
three charges taken into consideration, two of which also involved penile-anal
penetration although in the last charge, the victim had just turned 14 that
year. Moreover, as seen at [3] above, to facilitate the commission of the
second penetration offence, the appellant was careful to ensure that the
victim’s sister and parents would not return to the apartment suddenly and
catch him in the act. The appellant checked the location of his then-wife
through his mobile phone and then instructed his young brother-in-law to be
the look-out while the appellant sodomised him. Ordering only the mandatory
minimum sentences for such calculative conduct would be patently wrong.

24 In all these circumstances, the individual and the collective sentences are
clearly appropriate in principle and in quantum. We therefore dismiss the
appeal against sentence.

Backdating of imprisonment sentences

25 Finally, we think that in the absence of special reasons, imprisonment
terms should be backdated to the date of arrest rather than the date of remand
for cases where the accused person remains in custody after arrest. The date
of arrest is highlighted as a factor when the court considers when a sentence
of imprisonment is to take effect (s 318(5)(a) of the Criminal Procedure Code
(Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed)). Although the trial Judge in this case backdated the
imprisonment term to the date of remand (5 December 2018), that is only one
day later than the date of arrest. In the light of the entire situation as
discussed above, including the fact that this issue was not raised on appeal,
we do not see any need to make this very fine adjustment in favour of the
appellant.

Tay Yong Kwang Belinda Ang Saw Ean  
Justice of the Court of Appeal Judge of the Appellate Division

Chao Hick Tin

Senior Judge

Ramesh Chandr Tiwary (Ramesh Tiwary) for the appellant;

Kavita Uthrapathy and Angela Ang (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the
respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 17 Aug 2021 (15:30 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

