Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  
THE

high court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC 259

Magistrate’s Appeal No 9161 of 2019/01

Between

| Koh Rong Gui  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

JUDGMENT

[Constitutional Law] — [Equal protection of the law]

[Constitutional Law] — [Judicial power]

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Sentencing] — [Mandatory treatment
order]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Koh Rong Gui

  
v

  

Public Prosecutor

[2021] SGHC 259

General Division of the High Court — Magistrate’s Appeal No 9161 of 2019/01  
Aedit Abdullah J  
24 July, 5 October 2020, 26 February, 20 August 2021

18 November 2021 Judgment reserved.

Aedit Abdullah J:

1 The present case engages the question of the limits to which the Legislature
may prescribe that certain facts ought to be found by the Executive and not
the court; and whether it is permissible for sentencing discretion to be
constrained as a result. In the context of the regime for mandatory treatment
orders (“MTOs”), it is argued that judicial power is infringed as the
determination by a psychiatrist appointed by the Director of Medical Services
of the Ministry of Health (“MOH”) is “final and conclusive” on whether an
offender is suitable to be sentenced to an MTO. It is also argued that this
amounts to a breach of an offender’s right to equal protection under Art 12(1)
of the Constitution of the Republic of Singapore (1985 Rev Ed, 1999 Reprint)
(“the Constitution”), as such an arrogation of the determination of factual
matters do not take place in other laws which provide for psychiatric
conditions to function as a defence or mitigating factor.

2 After hearing parties on the matter, I am of the view that the
constitutional challenge does not have merit. However, certain consequences
follow from an apparent breach of statutory procedure in the present case.

Background

3 The appellant (“the Appellant”) is a 45-year-old male who was convicted
after trial of four charges of intruding upon the privacy of three women,
punishable under s 509 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed). 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Record of Appeal (“ROA”), pp 5 to 8.

He had recorded videos of their cleavage and breasts (for the first three
charges) and taken an upskirt video (for the fourth charge). The incidents had
taken place variously around Jurong East MRT station, in an MRT train, and at
Jurong East Mall on 10 November 2016, 20 January, and 4 April 2017
respectively. He was arrested following the last occasion, which took place on
an escalator in the mall. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Arrest Report (ROA, p 546); 4th Charge (ROA, p 8).

4 On 10 July 2019, the District Judge imposed a sentence of six weeks’
imprisonment in relation to each charge, with the sentences for the third and
fourth charges to run consecutively and the sentences for the first and second
charges to run concurrently. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Grounds of Decision, [63] (ROA, p 536).

While the Appellant initially appealed against his conviction and sentence, he
later abandoned the appeal against conviction. The appeal is now only in
respect of his sentence.

5 On 5 October 2020, I allowed an application by the Appellant to adduce fresh
evidence consisting of two psychiatric reports (“the Appellant’s Reports”), in
support of his submission that he should have been sentenced instead to an
MTO. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

HC/CM 10/2020; Appellant’s submissions dated 14 July 2020 (“AS1”), [4]–[5].

The court was subsequently persuaded to call for an MTO suitability report
under s 339 of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed) (“CPC”) on 26
February 2021. Applying the approach in GCX v Public Prosecutor [2019] 3 SLR
1325 (“GCX”) which I followed in Ng Hai Chong Brandon v Public Prosecutor
[2019] SGHC 107, I found that the sentencing consideration of rehabilitation
was not outweighed by other principles and some rehabilitative potential was
present. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Oral Judgment, [9] and [12].

In my view, there was insufficient evidence to exclude the possibility that a
psychiatric condition was a contributing factor to the commission of the
offence. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Oral Judgment, [14].

6 The report dated 22 April 2021 by the appointed psychiatrist at the
Institute of Mental Health (“the MTO Suitability Report”, “the Psychiatrist”
and “IMH” respectively) found that the Appellant was not suitable for an MTO.
7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Mandatory Treatment Order (“MTO”) Suitability Report, [11.4].

The Psychiatrist found that the Appellant had Obsessive Compulsive Disorder
and a disorder of hoarding, and his illnesses were shown to have benefitted
from treatment. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

MTO Suitability Report, [8] and [11.1].

He was also able to comprehend the features of an MTO and had good family
support. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

MTO Suitability Report, para 11.4.

However, there was no evidence supporting the diagnosis of a Paraphilia. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

MTO Suitability Report, para 11.2.

As there was no contributory factor between his psychiatric illnesses and the
offences, he was considered an unsuitable candidate for an MTO. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

MTO Suitability Report, para 11.2.

In other words, the requirement under s 339(3)(c) of the CPC was not
satisfied. This precluded the court from making such an order, pursuant to s
339(4) of the CPC.

7 The Appellant has subsequently argued that ss 339(3), 339(4) and 339(9) of
the CPC (collectively, “the MTO Provisions”) are unconstitutional, being in
breach of Arts 12(1) and 93 of the Constitution. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Appellant’s submissions dated 21 May 2021 (“AS2”), [3].

He argues that the provisions should therefore be struck down and that a
Newton hearing be convened, particularly on the issue of whether s 339(3)(c)
is satisfied in his case. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

AS2, [28].

The contest at this stage is therefore primarily on whether the Psychiatrist’s
conclusions should indeed be regarded as conclusive, as s 339(9) of the CPC
provides.

Summary of the Appellant’s arguments

8 The Appellant argues that the effect of the MTO Provisions is that the
court’s discretion to consider whether to impose an MTO only arises when the
appointed psychiatrist is of the view that the three criteria in s 339(3) of
the CPC are satisfied. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

AS2, [10].

The court has no power to impose an MTO if the psychiatrist’s report states
that one or more of the criteria is not satisfied, and the findings of the
psychiatrist in this regard are final and conclusive. The Appellant submits
that the criteria triggering the court’s discretion to impose an MTO are
therefore “solely decided by the appointed psychiatrist and not the court,
even though they involve questions of fact which ought to have been
adjudicated upon by the court”. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

AS2, [11].

Furthermore, s 339(9) is said to “oust” the courts’ jurisdiction to review the
appointed psychiatrist’s opinion. These constitute a violation of Art 93 of
the Constitution in his view. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

AS2, [22].

The Appellant also submits that the MTO Provisions contravene both limbs of
the “reasonable classification” test in relation to determining the
constitutionality of a statute under Art 12(1) of the Constitution.

9 The Appellant argues that the MTO Suitability Report also did not comply
with s 339(8) of the CPC, which provides that before making an MTO suitability
report, an appointed psychiatrist “shall take into consideration the report
made by the psychiatrist engaged by the offender”. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Appellant’s letter dated 10 August 2021 (“AL”), [2] to [6].

The Psychiatrist had stated in the MTO Suitability Report that she relied upon
several sources of information, but made no mention of the Appellant’s
Reports. As such, due to the unconstitutionality of the MTO Provisions as well
as non-compliance with s 339(8), a Newton hearing ought to be convened in
respect of the MTO Suitability Report and on the issue of whether the
Appellant’s psychiatric conditions had contributed to his offending. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

AS2, [28]; AL, [2].

Finally, the Appellant argues that the term of 12 weeks’ imprisonment is
manifestly excessive, and that a custodial sentence of about two weeks’
imprisonment per charge would be an appropriate starting point. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

AS2, [29] and [37].

Summary of the Prosecution’s arguments

10 The Prosecution submits that the MTO Provisions were “carefully designed”
to ensure that the IMH, which administers the MTO regime, is not placed in a
position where it is compelled to treat a person even though it does not
believe that he has a treatable medical condition. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Respondent’s Submissions dated 13 August 2021 (“RS2”), [14]–[15].

Thus, ss 339(3) and (4) ensure that the court only sentences an offender to an
MTO after the IMH has found him clinically suitable for such an order; and s
339(9) ensures that the court does not impose an MTO simply because it takes a
different view from the appointed psychiatrist on the s 339(3) criteria. The
Prosecutor argues that the courts have “consistently held” that statutory
preconditions to sentencing such as ss 339(3) and (4) do not intrude into
judicial power, and have given effect to provisions such as s 339(9), which
treat as conclusive findings of fact by a statutorily designated fact-finder
other than the courts. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

RS2, [22] and [23].

Furthermore, the MTO Provisions do not go so far as to require the court to
impose an MTO simply because the appointed psychiatrist takes the view that an
offender is suitable for one. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

RS2, [30].

The court initiates and determines the inquiry since it decides (a) whether to
call for an MTO suitability report; (b) whether the statutory preconditions in
ss 339(3) and (4) are satisfied; and (c) whether to impose an MTO. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

RS2, [31].

The Prosecution also submits that the MTO Provisions satisfy both limbs of the
“reasonable classification” test and therefore do not breach Art 12(1). 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

RS2, [45].

11 On non-compliance with s 339(8) of the CPC, the Prosecution submits that
following from the decision in Low Gek Hong v Public Prosecutor [2016] SGHC 69
(“Low Gek Hong”), the threshold for questioning an MTO suitability report is
high, only being met where the report is unclear or draws manifestly wrong,
illogical or absurd conclusions. Furthermore, a Newton hearing ought to be the
“last resort” after clarification has first been sought from the appointed
psychiatrist. The Prosecution also argues that the District Judge was correct
to hold that deterrence was the primary sentence consideration, and the
sentence imposed was not manifestly excessive in light of similar sentencing
precedents. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Respondent’s Submissions dated 14 July 2020 (“RS1”), [31].

Decision

12 I have concluded that the constitutional challenge raised by the Appellant
against the MTO Provisions cannot succeed.

Analysis

13 The court will consider the following in turn:

(a) the statutory framework of s 339 of the CPC;

(b) whether the MTO Provisions infringe Art 93 of the Constitution;

(c) whether the MTO Provisions infringe Art 12(1) of the Constitution; and

(d) the consequences in this case.

The statutory framework

14 Section 339 of the CPC reads as follows:

Mandatory treatment orders

339.—(1) Subject to subsections (2), (3) and (4), where an offender is
convicted of an offence, and if the court by or before which he is convicted
is satisfied that having regard to the circumstances, including the nature of
the offence and the character of the offender, it is expedient to do so, the
court may make a mandatory treatment order requiring the offender to undergo
psychiatric treatment for a period not exceeding 36 months.

…

(2) Before making a mandatory treatment order, the court must call for a
report to be submitted by an appointed psychiatrist.

(3) A court may make a mandatory treatment order in respect of an offender
only if the report submitted by an appointed psychiatrist states that —

(a) the offender is suffering from a psychiatric condition which is
susceptible to treatment;

(b) the offender is suitable for the treatment; and

(c) the psychiatric condition of the offender is one of the contributing
factors for his committing the offence.

(4) A court must not make a mandatory treatment order in respect of an
offender if the report submitted by the appointed psychiatrist states that he
is not satisfied with any of the matters referred to in subsection (3)(a) to
(c).

…

(8) Before making any report, the appointed psychiatrist shall take into
consideration the report made by the psychiatrist engaged by the offender.

(9) Any report made by the appointed psychiatrist shall be taken to be final
and conclusive as to the matters referred to in subsection (3)(a), (b) and
(c).

15 The operation of s 339 of the CPC was summarised by See Kee Oon J in GCX at
[28]–[29]. First, s 339(2) provides that the court must call for an MTO
suitability report before it can order an MTO, having regard to the guidance
in s 339(1), namely “the circumstances, including the nature of the offence
and the character of the offender”. Second, an MTO may be ordered only if an
appointed psychiatrist (that is, a psychiatrist appointed by the Director of
Medical Services of the MOH) is of the view that all the conditions in s
339(3) are satisfied. In assessing whether an offender satisfies s 339(3)(b),
s 339(5) also indicates several factors which the appointed psychiatrist may
take into account, including whether the offender is likely to attend the
treatment sessions as required, his physical and mental state, and his
financial standing and ability to pay for his treatment. Third, even if the
appointed psychiatrist is satisfied that the cumulative conditions in s 339(3)
are met, the court retains a discretion whether or not to order an MTO. This
is because s 339(1) provides that the court may make such an order where it is
satisfied that “it is expedient to do so”. To this, I add that the language of
s 339(9) is clear: an MTO suitability report is “final and conclusive”
regarding whether or not the requirements in s 339(3) have been met in respect
of an offender.

16 The rationale for s 339(9) was explained by Ms Indranee Rajah (“Ms Rajah”),
then Senior Minister of State for Law and Finance, during the Second Reading
of the Criminal Justice Reform Bill (No 14 of 2018) (Singapore Parliamentary
Debates, Official Report (19 March 2018) vol 94). In response to a point
raised by Mr Murali Pillai (“Mr Pillai”), Member of Parliament for Bukit
Batok, that the court’s determination on whether to impose an MTO ought not be
“constrained by the sole professional judgement of the appointed
psychiatrist”, Ms Rajah stated that since the IMH is generally “the
institution to administer treatment under the MTO, there is a concern of
conflict of medical ethics if IMH were to be asked to treat a person it
believes does not have a treatable mental condition. The current position
therefore aligns the diagnostic and treatment elements of MTOs”.

17 Before turning to discuss the constitutionality of the MTO Provisions, I
pause to note that following from the Court of Appeal’s observations in
Saravanan Chandaram v Public Prosecutor and another matter [2020] 2 SLR 95
(“Saravanan”) and Wham Kwok Han Jolovan v Public Prosecutor [2021] 1 SLR 476
(“Jolovan Wham”), the presumption of constitutionality can be “no more than a
starting point that legislation will not presumptively be treated as suspect
or unconstitutional” (Saravanan at [154]; Jolovan Wham at [26]). That being
said, in analysing the constitutionality of any law, the court must bear in
mind that “each branch of Government has its own role and space” (Jolovan Wham
at [27]).

Constitutionality under Article 93

18 I find that the MTO Provisions and s 339(9) of the CPC in particular do not
violate Art 93 of the Constitution, that is, there is no infringement of the
judicial power which is exclusively vested in the courts.

19 Article 93 of the Constitution reads as follows:

Judicial power of Singapore

93. The judicial power of Singapore shall be vested in a Supreme Court and in such subordinate courts as may be provided by any written law for the time being in force. 

20 The focus of the Appellant’s argument is that Art 93 is violated because s
339(9) of the CPC allows the determination of the criteria under s 339(3) of
the CPC to be “arrogated to the appointed psychiatrist alone”. It leaves the
court with “no power to adjudicate on disputes of fact”, should an accused
person wish to challenge the determination by the appointed psychiatrist “on
any basis”. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

AS2, [11].

21 The primary question then is what amounts to judicial power.

Judicial power in the context of findings of fact

22 The judicial power of the Supreme Court which derives from Art 93 has been
held as “co-equal in constitutional status with the legislative power and the
executive power, subject only to the limitations expressed in the Singapore
Constitution” (Mohammad Faizal bin Sabtu v Public Prosecutor [2012] 4 SLR 947
(“Mohammad Faizal”) at [16]). It has been defined as being concerned with the
determination of controversies or questions between persons or groups of
persons (Mohammad Faizal at [20]–[21] and [24]; citing cases such as Huddart,
Parker and Co Pty Ltd v Moorehead (1909) 8 CLR 330, The Queen v The Trade
Practices Tribunal; Ex parte Tasmanian Breweries Pty Ltd (1970) 123 CLR 361,
and Nicholas v The Queen (1998) 193 CLR 173). In Mohammad Faizal, which
concerned a challenge to mandatory minimum punishment under s 33A of the
Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed) (“MDA”), Chan Sek Keong CJ further
noted that the “judicial function entails the courts making a finding on the
facts as they stand, applying the relevant law to those facts and determining
the rights and obligations of the parties concerned for the purposes of
governing their relationship for the future” (at [27]).

23 However, it is not a breach of Art 93 for the Legislature to statutorily
designate a fact-finder other than the courts. For example, the determination
of whether an offender has provided substantive assistance under s 33B(2)(b)
of the MDA has been upheld as being within the sole discretion of the Public
Prosecutor and not a violation of the principle of the separation of powers
(Prabagaran a/l Srivijayan v Public Prosecutor and other matters [2017] 1 SLR
173 (“Prabagaran”) at [76]; Abdul Kahar bin Othman v Public Prosecutor [2018]
2 SLR 1394 (“Abdul Kahar”) at [40], [49] and [52]; Nagaenthran a/l K
Dharmalingam v Public Prosecutor and another appeal [2019] 2 SLR 216
(“Nagaenthran”) at [67]). Apart from the fact that s 33B of the MDA “expressly
confers upon the [Public Prosecutor] the discretion to make the decision on
substantive assistance”, it was emphasised that the question as to whether
there has been the requisite disruption to drug trafficking activities within
or outside Singapore is an “operational one” for which the Central Narcotics
Bureau (“CNB”) and the Public Prosecutor have “distinctive expertise”
(Muhammad Ridzuan bin Mohd Ali v Attorney-General [2015] 5 SLR 1222 at [66];
Prabagaran at [67]).

24 In a similar vein, the criteria under s 339(3) of the CPC are questions of
fact which the appointed psychiatrist is best placed to determine. The
relevant Parliamentary debates (as noted at [16] above) also clarify why the
appointed psychiatrist should determine these questions. Apart from the need
to prevent a conflict of medical ethics, wherein the IMH would be compelled to
“treat a person it believes does not have a treatable mental condition”, it is
also difficult to imagine the purpose of the MTO regime being met in such
instances. As noted by See J in GCX, the MTO was part of a suite of community-
based sentencing options introduced by Parliament via amendments to the
Criminal Procedure Code in 2010, and was intended to give “more flexibility to
the courts” (at [31]–[32]; citing the Second Reading of the Criminal Procedure
Code Bill 2010 (No 11 of 2010), Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official
Report (18 May 2010) vol 87 at col 422 (Mr K Shanmugam, Minister for Law). The
MTO targets persons with specific and minor mental conditions where
rehabilitation is the dominant sentencing principle. In such cases, by drawing
on resources in the community, “the offender remains gainfully employed and
his family benefits from the focused treatment”. It is not clear that there
can in fact be focused treatment if the IMH is, for example, of the view that
there is no contributory link between an offender’s psychiatric condition and
his commission of the offence (as required by s 339(3)(c)).

25 Counsel for the Appellant referred to several cases in which it was
specified that it is the court that should determine certain facts, not the
expert. These included the following: (a) Eu Lim Hoklai v Public Prosecutor
[2011] 3 SLR 167 (“Eu Lim Hoklai”); (b) Anita Damu v Public Prosecutor [2020]
3 SLR 825 (“Anita Damu”) and (c) Iskandar bin Rahmat v Public Prosecutor and
other matters [2017] 1 SLR 505 (“Iskandar bin Rahmat”). In my view, these
cases did not quite address the present situation, namely one where the
Legislature has designated that the Executive shall decide certain facts.

26 In Eu Lim Hoklai, concerning a conviction for murder under s 300(c) of the
Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed), a crucial issue to be determined was how
the accused person sustained his wounds, as it would enable the court to
evaluate the viability of his defences to the charge. The Court of Appeal
observed that the trial judge had, following from equivocal expert evidence,
concluded that these injuries “may have been inflicted by the accused or the
deceased” [emphasis in original] (at [43]). It considered that this was an
error on his part, as (at [44]):

Expert evidence will not always offer a clear answer to every question before
the court. This does not excuse a judge from making a crucial finding of fact.
Ultimately, all questions – whether of law or of fact – placed before a court
are intended to be adjudicated and decided by a judge and not by experts. An
expert or scientific witness is there only to assist the court in arriving at
its decisions; he or she is not there to arrogate the court’s functions to
himself or herself. …

27 In Anita Damu, the High Court considered the relevance and admissibility of
certain psychiatric reports which opined that the accused person was acting
under the influence of a mental illness at the material time when she
committed various acts of abuse against her domestic helper. The opinions
provided that she had suffered from major depressive disorder with psychotic
features, these being auditory hallucinations which were causally linked to
her offending. However, the opinions were based on the accused’s self-reports
and the accused did not testify, which called into question the factual basis
for the expert evidence. Sundaresh Menon CJ observed that the expert evidence,
insofar as it purported to opine on whether the appellant did in fact hear
voices at the material time, “c[ame] close to contravening the ultimate issue
rule”, which “[i]n orthodox terms … provides that an expert should not give
evidence on the ultimate issue, which is to be decided by the court. Its
rationale is that this would usurp the role of the court as the trier of fact”
(at [34]).

28 The Appellant points to an observation by Menon CJ in Anita Damu that “the
responsibility to adjudicate on the issues that are before the court is the
court’s alone, and it is incumbent on the court to satisfy itself that any
expert evidence it is invited to accept is first, relevant and admissible, and
then, coherent and resting on sound premises” (at [1]). Following from that,
as well as the statement by the Court of Appeal in Eu Lim Hoklai against an
expert or scientific witness arrogating the court’s functions to himself, the
Appellant argues that s 339(9) of the CPC is tantamount to “allow[ing] the
determination of the criteria under s 339(3) of the CPC to be arrogated to the
appointed psychiatrist alone, leaving the courts with no power to adjudicate
on disputes of fact” should the accused person wish to “challenge the
appointed psychiatrist’s opinion on any basis”. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

AS2, [11].

29 The Appellant also seeks to compare the determination of the criteria under
s 339(3) of the CPC to Exception 7 to s 300 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008
Rev Ed) (“Exception 7 of the PC”) prior to its amendment by the Criminal Law
Reform Act 2019 (No 15 of 2019). This provided that culpable homicide is not
murder where the offender “was suffering from such abnormality of mind
(whether arising from a condition of arrested or retarded development of mind
or any inherent causes or induced by death or injury) as substantially
impaired his mental responsibility for his acts and omissions” in causing or
being party to causing the death. The Court of Appeal in Iskandar bin Rahmat
at [79] noted that the exception stipulated three distinct requirements,
namely that the accused was suffering from an abnormality of mind (“the first
limb”); such abnormality of mind arose from the causes defined therein (“the
second limb”); and that it substantially impaired his mental responsibility
for his acts and omissions in causing the death (“the third limb”). The court
observed that it was “well established” that while the second limb was “a
matter largely to be determined based on expert evidence, the first and third
limbs are matters which cannot be the subject of any medical opinion and must
be left to the determination of the trial judge as the finder of fact” (at
[80]).

30 The Appellant argues that the scope of the inquiry under s 339(3) of the
CPC is “much narrower” than the inquiry into an “abnormality of mind” under
Exception 7 of the PC, and that the Court of Appeal’s use of the words
“largely to be determined based on expert evidence” in Iskandar bin Rahmat at
[80] (as mentioned in [29]) suggests that even that requirement of the root
cause of the abnormality of mind is a dispute of fact to be adjudicated upon
by the court. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

AS2, [14].

He submits that the requirement in s 339(3)(c) of the CPC of the psychiatric
condition of the offender being a contributing factor to the commission of the
offence only differs from the third limb of Exception 7 of the PC in terms of
“degree rather than substance”, both being questions of fact to be determined
by the court. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

AS2, [15].

31 In response, the Prosecution argues that these cases have been taken out of
context and are not at all analogous to the present case. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

RS2, [29].

It argues that the observations by the court in those cases on the weight to
be accorded to expert evidence were made where it was the ultimate fact-finder
on the issues to which the expert evidence was relevant. On the other hand,
the present case is one where a statutory precondition to sentencing has been
stipulated in legislation, which it argues is unobjectionable, with reference
to, inter alia, the age of the offender in the context of the reformative
training regime and s 33B(1)(a) of the MDA. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

RS2, [28]–[29].

The conclusiveness of the expert evidence on this issue has also been
crystallised in legislation via s 339(9) of the CPC.

32 The proper conclusion, to my mind, is that where a particular law leaves
the matter for judicial determination, it is true that the court should
decide. This is an aspect of the ultimate issue rule, reflecting that expert
opinion cannot be determinative. Although the expert can offer his opinion
hypothetically on the very issue which the court has to decide, it is for the
trier of fact to determine what had actually taken place in the circumstances
(Jeffrey Pinsler, Evidence and the Litigation Process (LexisNexis, 16 January
2021) at para 8.037). In the modern context, the rule entails that “the judge
must discharge his responsibility as the adjudicator to rule on the ultimate
issue. In doing so, he must not simply adopt the expert’s opinion on that
issue without satisfying himself that this is the correct outcome”, and should
nevertheless engage in the established practices of “sifting, weighing and
evaluating the objective facts within their circumstantial matrix and context
in order to arrive at a final finding of fact” (Anita Damu at [36], citing Eu
Lim Hoklai at [44]).

33 However, the ultimate issue rule and the cases on expert opinions do not
assist in making out a breach of Art 93. The present case is not one in which
the discretion resides in the court. Section 339 of the CPC does not in fact
confer it upon the court. The psychiatric assessment of the matters in s
339(3) of the CPC is left in the hands of the appointed psychiatrist, and the
court has no role to play in considering or weighing the assessment. For
similar reasons, I do not think it assists the Appellant to argue that s
339(3)(c) of the CPC is comparable to the question of fact to be determined
under the third limb of Exception 7 of the PC, ie, whether the abnormality of
mind substantially impaired an accused person’s mental responsibility for
causing the death of another person. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

AS2, [18]–[19].

It seems to me that the language of s 339 as outlined above (at [14]–[15]) and
accordingly the intention of Parliament is clear. The relevant Parliamentary
debates have also reinforced its intention that the inquiry under s 339(3) of
the CPC should be for the sole professional judgment of the appointed
psychiatrist. That inquiry is also one for which the appointed psychiatrist
has the appropriate institutional competence, given that the IMH will
generally administer treatment under an MTO.

The reviewability of a determination under s 339(3) by the appointed
psychiatrist

34 It is also not a breach of Art 93 for s 339(9) of the CPC to stipulate that
an MTO suitability report will be “final and conclusive” as to the matters in
s 339(3).

35 As argued by the Prosecution, the courts have recognised and given effect
to conclusive evidence clauses in respect of decisions by an administrative
body which involve a degree of fact-finding and judgment. This was the case in
Teng Fuh Holdings Pte Ltd v Collector of Land Revenue [2006] 3 SLR(R) 507
(“Teng Fuh (HC)”) and Teng Fuh Holdings Pte Ltd v Collector of Land Revenue
[2007] 2 SLR(R) 568 (“Teng Fuh (CA)”) concerning s 5(3) of the Land
Acquisition Act (Cap 152, 1985 Rev Ed) (“the Act”), which provides that a
notification that land to be acquired is needed for specific purposes “shall
be conclusive evidence that the land is needed for the purpose specified
therein as provided in [s 5(1)]”. The plaintiff had essentially argued that
the defendant, the Collector of Land Revenue, acted in bad faith by, inter
alia, acquiring its land in 1983 when it was declared to be needed for “a
public purpose, viz.: General Redevelopment”, but was not redeveloped over the
following 22 years.

36 Phang J considered that the meaning of s 5(3) was “clear” and was
consistent with the underlying purpose of the Act, particularly with the idea
that the relevant government authority was “in the best position to determine
whether or not the land concerned is required for one or more of the purposes
set out in s 5(1)” (Teng Fuh (HC) at [30]). Yet, a balance was to be struck
between “ensuring that the purposes of the Act and the ensuing public benefit
are achieved on the one hand and ensuring that there is no abuse of power on
the other” (Teng Fuh (HC) at [36]). Accordingly, the courts would intervene in
cases of bad faith. The plaintiff’s application for leave to apply for an
order of certiorari and an order of mandamus was however dismissed for being
out of time and in any event, the plaintiff could not satisfy the threshold
for leave to be granted, since the power of acquisition had clearly been
exercised by the defendant in good faith and in accordance with the
requirements in s 5.

37 The Court of Appeal upheld the decision of Phang J, and expressed the view
that the defendant (the respondent on appeal) could not however rely on s 5(3)
of the Act to decline to offer any explanation for the delay. This was because
“when the allegation of bad faith is founded on a very substantial period of
inaction, an explanation should be given” (Teng Fuh (CA) at [38]). In the
absence of such an explanation, “[p]rolonged inaction … could constitute an
arguable case or a prima facie case of reasonable suspicion that the land was
not needed for general redevelopment when it was acquired in 1983” (Teng Fuh
(CA) at [38]).

38 Although the courts in Teng Fuh (HC) and Teng Fuh (CA) did not directly
consider an argument on Art 93 of the Constitution, which was not raised by
the plaintiff, the acceptance of the effects of such a clause (in Teng Fuh
(HC)) and the recognition of its limits (viz, the view that such clauses do
not preclude judicial review on the basis of bad faith) militates against a
finding that s 339(9) of the CPC breaches Art 93.

39 Significantly, s 339(9) does not on its face go so far as to preclude
judicial review in general, such that a wrong decision by an administrative
decision-maker cannot be called into question (Nagaenthran at [45]). In this
regard, it may be compared with clauses which provide that such decisions
“shall not be challenged in any court”, as in s 14(5) of the Employment Act
(Cap 91, 1996 Rev Ed), which was considered in Stansfield Business
International Pte Ltd v Minister for Manpower (formerly known as Minister for
Labour) [1999] 2 SLR(R) 866 and has since been repealed; or s 47(2) of the
Industrial Relations Act (Cap 136, 2004 Rev Ed), which also sought to limit
the available judicial remedies by providing, inter alia, that no award or
decision by amongst others the Industrial Arbitration Court “shall be
challenged, appealed against, reviewed, quashed, or called in question in any
court”. The operation of such clauses is not before me in this case.

40 Indeed, the reviewability of a determination by the appointed psychiatrist
as regards the s 339(3) criteria, in light of s 339(9), was addressed by See
Kee Oon JC in Low Gek Hong (at [11]):

To my mind, if an obvious clerical or administrative error results in the
wrong report (eg, one which contains wholly erroneous contents) being tendered
to the court, surely that “opinion” cannot be accepted as being “final and
conclusive” such that the court is precluded from seeking any clarification
whatsoever. Alternatively, if the report erroneously draws conclusions that
are obviously at odds or internally inconsistent with the remainder of the
report, it surely cannot be that the court is expected to unquestioningly
adopt such conclusions on account of the report being “final and conclusive”.
I do not see why there must be a blanket prohibition on any form of enquiry or
clarification if the report is unclear and particularly where it draws
manifestly wrong, illogical or absurd conclusions.

It thus remains open to the court to question apparent issues of accuracy with
the conclusions in the report.

The effect of s 339 of the CPC on sentencing discretion

41 It is additionally not a breach of Art 93 that as a result of the MTO
Provisions, the availability of an MTO as a sentencing option is decided by
the appointed psychiatrist and not the court. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

AS2, [11].

42 Singapore cases on judicial power in the context of sentencing discretion
have held that the prescription of punishment for offences is an aspect of
legislative, and not judicial power (Mohammad Faizal at [45]). This does not
however mean that the entire sentencing function including the determination
of the appropriate punishment may be intruded upon by other branches of the
state, as subsequently clarified by the Court of Appeal in Prabagaran
(Prabagaran at [60]). Rather, while the Legislature can prescribe punishment,
the selection of the appropriate punishment in the exercise of sentencing
discretion conferred by statute belongs to the court. That is, “the judicial
power in sentencing is the power to ‘determine the appropriate punishment for
a particular offender’” (Abdul Kahar at [38], citing Prabagaran at [61]). In
this regard, the Court of Appeal in Prabagaran endorsed the holding in
Mohammad Faizal at [45] (Prabagaran at [60]):

Since the power to prescribe punishments for offences is part of the
legislative power and not the judicial power (as Commonwealth and US case law
shows), it must follow that no written law of general application prescribing
any kind of punishment for an offence, whether such punishment be mandatory or
discretionary and whether it be fixed or within a prescribed range, can
trespass onto the judicial power. On the contrary, it is the duty of the
courts to inflict the legislatively-prescribed punishments on offenders,
exercising such discretion as may have been given to them by the Legislature
to select the punishments which they think appropriate.

43 Judicial power therefore relates to the courts’ exercise of discretion
within the parameters conferred by the law enacted by the Legislature. It is
within the ambit of the legislative power to specify that a particular act
will be an offence, and that the punishment will only be a specific sentence
for all cases. Art 93 is not breached in such circumstances, as may be seen
from cases involving the mandatory death penalty. For example, in Nguyen Tuong
Van v Public Prosecutor [2005] 1 SLR(R) 103, it was argued that a mandatory
death penalty, which had in that case been imposed for an offence of drug
importation, infringed the principle of the separation of powers as the
discretionary power to determine the severity of punishment to be inflicted on
an individual member of a class of offenders should be for the Judiciary (at
[96]). The Court of Appeal, which found as well that the mandatory death
penalty for the offence did not breach Arts 9(1) or 12(1) of the Constitution,
observed that recent Privy Council decisions also had not declared mandatory
death sentences absolutely unconstitutional. The constitutionality of the
mandatory death penalty in the context of a similar challenge on Arts 9(1) and
12(1) was affirmed in Yong Vui Kong v Public Prosecutor and another matter
[2010] 3 SLR 489 (“Yong Vui Kong”). There, the Court of Appeal expressed the
view that “[i]t is for Parliament, and not the courts, to decide on the
appropriateness or suitability of the [mandatory death penalty] as a form of
punishment for serious criminal offences” (at [122]). That did not however
mean that Art 9(1), which provides for a deprivation of life “in accordance
with law”, “justif[ies] all legislation, whatever its nature” ([16] and [75],
citing Lord Diplock in Ong Ah Chuan v Public Prosecutor [1981] AC 648 (“Ong Ah
Chuan”) at 659). Similarly, in Moses Hinds v The Queen [1977] AC 195
(“Hinds”), Lord Diplock observed that a fixed punishment for a defined
offence, such as capital punishment for the crime of murder, could be
prescribed by Parliament if it thought fit (at 226).

44 By the same token, it is not an infringement of Art 93 for Parliament to
prescribe minimum sentences for an offence (Hinds at 226; Mohammad Faizal at
[45]; Prabagaran at [60]; R v Ironside [2009] SASC 151 at [150]). Thus, the
Court of Appeal of Trinidad and Tobago in Francis and Another v State [2015] 2
LRC 244 held, inter alia, that the creation of mandatory minimum sentences for
drug trafficking did not violate the principle of the separation of powers
(citing amongst others Hinds at 225–227).

45 It is also within the legislative power to specify by statute punishment or
programs operating in lieu of punishment that may be limited by age or other
qualifications. Age stipulations are in place, for instance, in respect of
caning as a punishment and the imposition of or eligibility for certain
regimes, such as reformative training, corrective training and preventive
detention, and probation. These operate to limit the Judiciary’s power to
impose such sentences but do not infringe Art 93, as they do not purport to
decide the matter in a specific case, or a particular controversy between the
State and a specific individual. As stated by the Supreme Court of Ireland in
Reginald Deaton v The Attorney General and the Revenue Commissioners [1963] IR
170 (“Deaton”) (at 182–183, as endorsed in Hinds at 226–227, and cited in
Mohammad Faizal at [43] and Prabagaran at [61]):

There is a clear distinction between the prescription of a fixed penalty and
the selection of a penalty for a particular case. The prescription of a fixed
penalty is the statement of a general rule, which is one of the
characteristics of legislation; this is wholly different from the selection of
a penalty to be imposed in a particular case. … The Legislature does not
prescribe the penalty to be imposed in an individual citizen’s case; it states
the general rule, and the application of that rule is for the [c]ourts … the
selection of punishment is an integral part of the administration of justice
and, as such, cannot be committed to the hands of the Executive …

46 In the present case, the MTO regime is an alternative sentencing option.
Section 339 of the CPC operates alongside the prescribed sentencing provisions
for each charge; that is, it gives the court an additional sentencing option,
provided satisfaction of the requirements in ss 337 (which sets out offences
and persons in respect of which community-based sentences, including MTOs, may
not be made) and 339(1), including an MTO suitability report which fulfils the
criteria in s 339(3).

47 Thus, here, in respect of the Appellant’s offences under s 509 of the Penal
Code, the court would be able to sentence him to an MTO, or fine and/or
imprisonment. In determining the quantum, the court would of course have
regard to the circumstances of the case, any mitigation from the Appellant,
and any applicable sentencing benchmarks. The fact that s 339 of the CPC is
but one sentencing option substantially weakens the argument that there is an
encroachment into judicial power. The court remains free to impose other
sentences. The court’s discretion is thus not circumscribed in any event.

48 On the issue of whether it infringes Art 93 as the extent of punishment to
be imposed is affected by an executive decision, while such a discretion
should ordinarily be for the court with the duty of imposing punishment, it is
open to the Legislature to determine “whether or not such a discretion shall
be given to the court in relation to a statutory offence” (Palling v Corfield
(1970) 123 CLR 52 (“Palling”) at 58–59, as cited in Mohammad Faizal at [34]).
As held by the High Court of Australia in State of South Australia v Totani
(2010) 271 ALR 662 (“Totani”) (at [71] per French CJ, citing Palling; as cited
in Mohammad Faizal at [48]):

It has been accepted by this court that the Parliament of the Commonwealth may
pass a law which requires a court exercising federal jurisdiction to make
specified orders if some conditions are met even if satisfaction of such
conditions depends upon a decision or decisions of the executive government or
one of its authorities.

49 As such, in Mohammad Faizal, Chan CJ held that it was not an infringement
of the principle of the separation of powers for various subsections of s 33A
of the MDA to direct the courts to impose a mandatory minimum punishment on
the occurrence of certain factors, which included an executive decision –
there, the decision of the Director of the CNB under s 34 of the MDA to admit
an individual to a drug rehabilitation centre. Similarly, in the present case,
the decision of the appointed psychiatrist as to whether an accused person has
met the criteria under s 339(3) of the CPC is a factor which could lead to a
particular sentencing outcome. Unlike mandatory minimum sentencing, it does
not even compel the court to impose an MTO (see [54] below). It is therefore
difficult to see how Art 93 could be infringed in the circumstances.

50 Indeed, the decision of the Court of Appeal in Prabagaran demonstrates that
it is not a violation of Art 93 to legislatively prescribe that the court’s
discretion to impose an alternative sentence is conditional upon the exercise
of executive power. As mentioned at [23] above, Prabagaran concerned a
challenge to ss 33B(2)(b) and 33B(4) of the MDA on the basis that they were in
breach of, inter alia, the principle of the separation of powers. Section
33B(1)(a) of the MDA confers on the court the discretion to sentence a person,
who has been convicted of an offence of drug trafficking or importation or
exportation and would otherwise be sentenced to death, to a lesser penalty of
life imprisonment. This is where: (a) the person proves on a balance of
probabilities that his involvement in the offence was restricted to certain
acts prescribed in s 33B(2)(a), ie, that his involvement was that of a
courier; and (b) the Public Prosecutor certifies that the person has
“substantively assisted the [CNB] in disrupting drug trafficking activities
within or outside Singapore” (s 33B(2)(b)). Further, s 33B(4) provides that
the determination of whether or not a person has substantively assisted the
CNB in such a manner “shall be at the sole discretion of the Public
Prosecutor”, against whom “no action or proceeding shall lie” in relation to
any such determination, save for on the grounds of bad faith or malice. The
applicants argued that the Public Prosecutor’s certification under s 33B(2)(b)
of the MDA infringed the principle of the separation of powers, and was
exacerbated by the fact that the Public Prosecutor’s decision in this regard
could only be challenged on the limited grounds in s 33B(4).

51 In relation to the specific question of whether the Public Prosecutor’s
determination of substantive assistance under s 33B(2)(b) of the MDA violated
the principle of the separation of powers, the Court of Appeal concluded that
it did not as its discretion is “not tailored to the punishment it thinks
should be imposed on a particular offender but is circumscribed to the limited
question of whether the prescribed criterion … has been satisfied” (Prabagaran
at [76]). It remained for the court to determine the guilt of the party and
impose the sentence under the Second Schedule to the MDA. The Court of Appeal
noted that, apart from the power to prescribe punishment being part of
legislative power, the discretion of the Public Prosecutor to issue such a
certification was not unfettered, being circumscribed by the legislative
purpose and the provision itself (Prabagaran at [72]); and the fact that the
Public Prosecutor is uniquely suited to conduct the assessment under s
33B(2)(b) weighed in favour of a finding of constitutional validity of the
provision (Prabagaran at [78]).

52 In the present case, the inquiry by the appointed psychiatrist is similarly
a limited one into whether the criteria in s 339(3) of the CPC have been
satisfied. However, the court determines the guilt of the offender and
convicts him of the subject offence. The court also ultimately imposes an MTO
if it is further satisfied that “it is expedient to do so” (s 339(1)); ie, the
discretion whether to impose an MTO or the usual sentences of an imprisonment
or fine or both remains with the court (see [15] above). The MTO Provisions
therefore do not give the appointed psychiatrist “the power to decide the
appropriate punishment for a particular offender”, which would be antithetical
to judicial power (Abdul Kahar at [40]). Further and in any event, the
discretion of the appointed psychiatrist is also not unfettered, in light of
some scope for review (see [40] above). The constitutionality of the MTO
Provisions is also supported by the fact that the appointed psychiatrist also
has the appropriate institutional competence for the inquiry, as further
clarified in the relevant Parliamentary debates (see [24] and [33] above).

53 For completeness, it is noted that in Mohammad Faizal, Chan CJ identified
three categories of cases which involved the intrusion of judicial power by
the Executive through provisions enacted by the Legislature (at [51]–[56]; as
cited in Prabagaran at [62] and Abdul Kahar at [44]):

(a) Selection of sentence by the Executive, for example, allowing the
Executive to elect which of two penalties prescribed were to be imposed by the
court (see for eg, Deaton (“Category (a)”));

(b) Administrative decisions by the Executive directly related to the charges
brought against particular accused persons, directly impacting the sentence
imposed by the court, such as the Executive choosing between two different
courts for the same charge, with capital punishment mandatory in one but
unavailable in the other (see for eg, Mohammed Muktar Ali v The Queen [1992] 2
AC 93 (“Muktar Ali”) (“Category (b)”)); and

(c) Administrative decisions which were not directly related to any charges
but which impacted the actual sentence imposed by the court, such that an
executive action is disguised as a judicial decision (see for eg, Totani
(“Category (c)”)).

54 The MTO Provisions do not fall within any of these categories. As the
Prosecution notes and as observed at [15] and [52] above, the court initiates
and determines the enquiry into whether an MTO is ordered. It is for the court
to call for an MTO suitability report. It does so only if it takes the view
that sufficient facts show that the offender has some rehabilitative
potential, and that other sentencing principles do not outweigh the prospect
of rehabilitation (GCX at [37]; see for eg, Public Prosecutor v Abdul Fathani
Bin Khairuddin [2021] SGDC 143, where the court declined to call for such a
report). It also decides whether the report of an appointed psychiatrist meets
the requirements of s 339(3), in the limited manner observed in Low Gek Hong
at [11] (noted at [40] above). The court also determines whether to ultimately
impose an MTO (see for eg, Public Prosecutor v Tan Lian Koon [2015] SGDC 39,
where an MTO was recommended but not ordered). The MTO Provisions therefore do
not fall under Category (a), since there is no question of the appointed
psychiatrist electing for the relevant penalty. That was the upshot of the
impugned provision in Deaton, which provided that an offence would carry the
alternative penalties “at the election of the Commissioners of Customs”.

55 For similar reasons, the MTO Provisions also do not fall under Categories
(b) or (c). The provisions do not have the effect of empowering a member of
the Executive “to choose the court in which to try an offender so as to obtain
a particular sentencing result on the facts”, such as in Muktar Ali [emphasis
in Prabagaran] (Prabagaran at [72], citing Mohammad Faizal at [57]). The MTO
Provisions are additionally markedly different from the impugned legislation
in Totani. This compelled the Magistrates Court of South Australia to impose
control orders on individuals on a finding that they were members of
organisations declared by the Attorney-General of South Australia to be a risk
to public safety and order. However, the making of the control order did not
involve any finding of criminal guilt, for example, any assessment on the part
of the court as to whether a defendant posed a risk to public safety and order
by reason of his status or past or threatened conduct (Totani at [434], as
noted in Prabagaran at [77]). In contrast, the MTO Provisions do not involve
any imposition of sentence without a finding of guilt by the court, and are
targeted at the limited, legislatively-prescribed objective of rehabilitation
(see for eg, Mohammad Faizal at [57], in relation to the Executive’s exercise
of discretion in ordering a drug rehabilitation centre admission under s 34 of
the MDA).

56 Accordingly, the MTO Provisions, which effectively render the availability
of an MTO conditional on the decision of the appointed psychiatrist, do not
contravene Art 93 of the Constitution.

Constitutionality under Article 12(1)

57 I find that the MTO Provisions also do not infringe Art 12(1) of the
Constitution. It is doubtful that there was a basis for comparison in the
first place so as to engage Art 12(1). In any event, the proposed differentia
of offenders with psychiatric conditions prima facie eligible for the MTO
regime versus those for whom their conditions could be a defence or mitigating
factor would satisfy the “reasonable classification” test in relation to
determining the constitutionality of a statute under Art 12(1).

58 Article 12(1) of the Constitution reads as follows:

Equal protection

12.—(1) All persons are equal before the law and entitled to the equal
protection of the law.

59 In Lim Meng Suang and another v Attorney-General and another appeal and
another matter [2015] 1 SLR 26 (“Lim Meng Suang”), the Court of Appeal
specified that the test of whether legislation is in breach of Art 12(1) is
whether the classification was reasonable (the “reasonable classification”
test), which requires that (a) the classification is founded on an
intelligible differentia (“Limb (a)”); and (b) such differentia has a rational
relation to the object sought to be achieved by the statute (“Limb (b)”) (at
[60]). However, in order for the test to be engaged, the impugned statute must
be differentiating in the first place (at [57]).

60 The Appellant points out that the applicable test for determining whether
legislation contravenes Art 12(1) is under consideration by the Court of
Appeal in Tan Seng Kee v Attorney-General and other appeals CA/CA 54/2020,
CA/CA 55/2020 and CA/CA 71/2020. However, pending any pronouncement by the
Court of Appeal, the “reasonable classification” test in Lim Meng Suang
remains the applicable law.

61 The Appellant argues based on the “reasonable classification” test that in
contrast to other laws, which provide for psychiatric conditions to function
as a defence or mitigating factor, the MTO Provisions arrogate the
determination of factual matters to the appointed psychiatrist, depriving the
accused person of any opportunity to challenge these findings. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

AS2, [25].

He submits that both limbs of the test are contravened since, apart from this
not being an intelligible differentia, the difference also does not bear a
rational relation to the purpose and object of the MTO Provisions.

62 The Prosecution argues that Art 12(1) does not require that all offenders
with psychiatric conditions should be treated alike across all sentencing
regimes; rather, the requirement is that offenders in like situations are
treated alike (Public Prosecutor v Nguyen Tuong Van [2004] 2 SLR(R) 328
(“Nguyen (HC)”) at [82]). 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

RS2, [43].

It argues that the classification in the MTO Provisions is based on
intelligible differentia, including the eligibility criteria in s 337(1) CPC.
36

##### Foot Note 36

×

RS2, [46] to [48].

Furthermore, it contends that the differentia in the MTO Provisions bear a
rational relation to the object of the provisions, namely, to ensure the
feasibility of an MTO by ascertaining whether the IMH can treat the offender
and that such treatment is relevant to his offending.

63 I could not see how Art 12(1) is even engaged by the MTO regime. By its
very nature, Art 12(1) can only operate in comparing one situation and
another: there is no breach if there is no comparison that can be made to
begin with. The Appellant pointed to the differences between a situation where
an MTO may be available as a sentencing option, and those where psychiatric
conditions are available as defences or as mitigating factors. But there is no
comparability; there is no measuring of like with like, as required in an
assessment of equality before the law and equal protection of the law (Ong Ah
Chuan at 673; Nguyen (HC) at [82]). The former is concerned with a type of
sentence, the latter with either the establishing of a defence to a charge or
attenuating the culpability of an accused person.

64 There is therefore no scope for the question of intelligible differentia to
even arise. For that reason alone, Art 12(1) is not even engaged. I am thus
also somewhat doubtful that any alternative test formulated by the Court of
Appeal would affect the outcome in this case.

65 In any event, even if the two situations are indeed comparable, the MTO
regime does contain sufficient factors to amount to intelligible differentia.
Limb (a) of the “reasonable classification” test requires that the differentia
is understandable, and not “so unreasonable as to be illogical and/or
incoherent” such as, possibly, a law which bans all women from driving on the
roads (Lim Meng Suang at [67] and [114]). This connotes a “relatively low
threshold” (Lim Meng Suang at [65]) which would be satisfied on the facts. In
the present case, there is little difficulty understanding the classification
prescribed by the MTO regime. As submitted by the Prosecution, s 337 of the
CPC sets out qualifying conditions to be met under the requirements for
community-based sentencing, of which an MTO is a specific type or sub-
category. These exclude, inter alia, offences for which the sentence is fixed
by law, offences for which a specified minimum or mandatory minimum sentence
of imprisonment is prescribed by law, and offences punishable with a term of
imprisonment which exceeds three years (thus excluding offences which would
involve the possible application of Exception 7 of the PC or s 33B(3)(b) of
the MDA). Overall, it is clear which offenders fall within or outside of these
provisions; there is also no issue of illogicality or incoherence since these
requirements limit community-based sentences to offences which are less
serious or harmful.

66 Limb (b) of the “reasonable classification” test then enquires into whether
that differentia has a rational relation to the object sought to be achieved
by the statute. The relevant standard of rationality is arbitrariness (Public
Prosecutor v Taw Cheng Kong [1998] 2 SLR(R) 489 at [80]; Yong Vui Kong at
[111]) and the requisite rational relation will more often than not be found,
as there is “no need for a perfect relation or ‘complete coincidence’ between
the differentia in question and the purpose and object of the statute
concerned” [emphasis in original omitted] (Lim Meng Suang at [68]). As
described at [24] above, the purpose and object of the MTO regime is to target
persons with specific and minor mental conditions where rehabilitation is the
dominant sentencing principle. It was intended that the offender who receives
focused treatment under an MTO would remain in the community, and generally
receive treatment from the IMH.

67 Given this backdrop, the differentia would have a rational relation to the
objectives of the MTO regime. Offenders who meet the conditions for community-
based sentencing would accordingly need to meet the requirements in s 339 for
an MTO, including a favourable MTO suitability report, the substance of which
there is limited scope for review. This is on the basis that the IMH, which
generally administers treatment under an MTO, ought not be compelled to treat
those whom it believes do not have a treatable mental condition or are
unsuitable for treatment, as noted at [16] above. It is therefore not
arbitrary that there should be no questioning of the decision of the appointed
psychiatrist as regards whether the criteria in s 339(3) of the CPC have been
met in respect of an offender. At the same time, given the overall purpose of
the MTO as an alternative sentencing regime, it stands to reason that an
offender’s psychiatric condition should be ascertained as having contributed
to his offending, and the appointed psychiatrist is best placed to so
ascertain. On the other hand, for offenders who do not meet the conditions for
community-based sentencing, the question of an appointed psychiatrist’s
determination vis-à-vis an offender meeting the requirements in s 339(3) for
an MTO simply does not arise. As pointed out by the Prosecution, there is then
no issue of medical ethics and the court, in considering the remaining
sentencing options, assumes its role as the ultimate fact-finder on the
relevance of an offender’s psychiatric condition. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

RS2, [53].

68 It should be remembered that, as stated by the Privy Council in Ong Ah
Chuan, in the context of the differentia of the quantity of heroin trafficked
resulting in the imposition of a capital or non-capital penalty (at 673):

All criminal law involves the classification of individuals for the purposes
of punishment, since it affects those individuals only in relation to whom
there exists a defined set of circumstances – the conduct and, where relevant,
the state of mind that constitute the ingredients of an offence … What
[A]rticle 12(1) of the Constitution assures the individual is the right to
equal treatment with other individuals in similar circumstances. It prohibits
laws which require that some individuals within a single class should be
treated by way of punishment more harshly than others; it does not forbid
discrimination in punitive treatment between one class of individuals and
another class in relation to which there is some difference in the
circumstances of the offence that has been committed.

Classification which is based on a difference in defined circumstances of the
case therefore does not infringe Art 12(1) (Lei Lin Thai v Public Prosecutor
[2016] 9 MLJ 631 at [35], in relation to the equivalent Art 8(1) of the
Federal Constitution (M’sia)). The MTO Provisions, Exception 7 of the PC and s
33B(3)(b) of the MDA are all based on different circumstances, including the
nature and gravity of the offence, with attendant policy considerations which
are not within the judicial function to decide. It is not a breach of Art
12(1) for legislation to treat these classes of individuals differently.

Severance of unconstitutional portions

69 In written submissions, counsel for the Appellant, Mr Ravi s/o Madasamy,
argued that the MTO Provisions should be struck down for infringing Arts 12(1)
and/or 93 of the Constitution. However, he also appeared to take the position
that an MTO should still be available in the present case, as he sought the
court’s leave to convene a Newton hearing in respect of the MTO Suitability
Report and on the issue of whether the Appellant’s psychiatric conditions had
contributed to his offending. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

AS2, [28]; AL, [2].

In oral submissions, while he maintained the argument on the
unconstitutionality of the MTO Provisions, he took the view that it was not
the whole MTO regime that was at risk. Rather, the contravention of s 339(8)
of the CPC was problematic in the circumstances.

70 This appears to be an argument for the operation of the doctrine of
severability, ie, the severance of an unconstitutional portion of the law
while retaining the remaining statute, which is based on Art 4 of the
Constitution. Although the doctrine applies in the event that it is impossible
to construe a modification into an unconstitutional law under Art 162 of the
Constitution, Art 162, which falls under Part XIV of the Constitution titled
“Transitional Provisions”, only applies in respect of “an existing law or a
law which had already been enacted but not yet brought into force at the
commencement of the Constitution” (Prabagaran at [41]; Tan Eng Hong v
Attorney-General [2012] 4 SLR 476 at [58]–[59]). As such, it is not applicable
in respect of the MTO Provisions, which were introduced in 2010 (see [24]
above).

71 Due to the conclusion reached above that the MTO Provisions do not violate
Arts 12(1) or 93 of the Constitution, it is not strictly necessary to consider
the operation of the doctrine of severability in the circumstances. In any
event, even if I were with the Appellant on his arguments on the
unconstitutionality of these provisions, I do not think severability would
have been possible. In approaching the question of severability, “legislative
intent is paramount”, and the focus in such an exercise is “the effect of such
excisions on the operation of the Act as a whole … it must be shown to be
Parliament’s intention behind the enactment of an Act that is found to be
partially in breach of the Constitution that it should nevertheless continue
to be given effect even after the severance and invalidity of some portions”
(Prabagaran at [36]–[37]).

72 The legislative intention behind the CPC amendments introducing the MTO and
community-based sentencing regime, and the rationale for the MTO Provisions in
particular, have been canvassed at [16] and [24] above. Ms Rajah had, on
another occasion, addressed a question from Mr Pillai on offenders with mental
disorders who are not assessed as suitable for an MTO, but who could
nevertheless benefit from treatment (Matter Raised on Adjournment Motion on
Community Sentencing and Other Rehabilitative Options, Singapore Parliamentary
Debates, Official Report (11 September 2017) vol 94):

The Community-Based Sentencing (CBS) scheme was introduced in the Criminal
Procedure Code (CPC) in 2010 to harness the resources of the community in
rehabilitating offenders … We can go further, and intend to do so … For
offenders with mental health conditions in particular, we are proposing to
expand the range of offences that are eligible for MTOs.

However, we must take a balanced approach. Not all cases are suitable for
Community-Based Sentencing. Some crimes may be too serious, and it would not
serve the justice system well to allow the offenders to be on the CBS regime.
Some offenders may not benefit from CBS. Hence, the regime has to be carefully
calibrated. We will need to draw a line somewhere, even if that means that
some will fall outside the regime …

[On Mr Pillai’s point on] the availability of treatment for offenders whose
mental health conditions have been clinically assessed as being not
susceptible to treatment[,] [t]here are good reasons why these offenders are
not given MTOs. It would pose a danger to the public and undermine confidence
in our criminal justice system if offenders who would otherwise be imprisoned
are allowed to remain in the community, even though there is no prospect that
the underlying cause of their offending can be addressed through medical
treatment.

73 The effect of the Appellant’s constitutional challenge would be that, if
successful, s 339(4) (which precludes the court from granting an MTO in the
face of an unfavourable MTO suitability report) and s 339(9) (which provides
that an MTO suitability report is final and conclusive on the matters in s
339(3)) would be excised, along with possibly s 339(3)(c) (which provides the
criteria of the offender’s psychiatric condition as a contributing factor for
his offending, to be stated by the appointed psychiatrist in the report).

74 However, such an excision cannot be sustained. The intent of the amendments
introducing community-based sentencing generally and the MTO regime in
particular was to harness community resources in addressing the underlying
cause of an offender’s criminal behaviour. It would be contrary to such an
intention should the inquiry under s 339(3) not be for the sole professional
judgment of the appointed psychiatrist, ie, should the court nevertheless
impose an MTO even if the appointed psychiatrist does not find an offender
suitable; or further review the merits of the psychiatrist’s determination of
these matters. In such a situation, it would be difficult for community
resources (in particular, the IMH) to be successfully targeted towards
rehabilitating an offender. It would also undermine the purpose of such an MTO
as the offender would then possibly be a danger to the community, compromising
as well public confidence in the administration of justice.

Consequences

75 In the present case, however, it was correctly argued by the Appellant that
one of the requirements of s 339 of the CPC, specifically s 339(8), does not
appear to have been facially complied with. As noted at [9] above, this
provides that before making an MTO suitability report, an appointed
psychiatrist “shall take into consideration the report made by the
psychiatrist engaged by the offender”. It is read in light of s 339(7) of the
CPC, which provides that an offender may, within three weeks from the date the
court calls for an MTO suitability report or “such other time as the court may
allow, submit to the appointed psychiatrist any report made by a psychiatrist
engaged by the offender”.

76 The Appellant argues that although the Appellant’s Reports were forwarded
to the IMH on 26 February 2021 pursuant to the court’s request for an MTO
suitability report in respect of the Appellant, the Psychiatrist made no
mention of the Appellant’s Reports in stating the materials relied on for the
MTO Suitability Report. This apparent breach of s 339(8) of the CPC is an
additional ground for the court to convene a Newton hearing in respect of the
MTO Suitability Report. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

AL, [6].

77 The Prosecution submits that the decision in Low Gek Hong indicates that
the opinion of an appointed psychiatrist should only be questioned in cases
where, for example, the report is unclear or “draws manifestly wrong,
illogical or absurd conclusions” (Low Gek Hong at [11]). Furthermore, it
submits that a Newton hearing should “generally be a measure of last resort”
(Low Gek Hong at [12]). Rather, the court should clarify with the Psychiatrist
as to whether she considered the Appellant’s Reports. If she had indeed
neglected this, it would not be too late for her to do so, and clarify whether
she would have arrived at a different opinion in the MTO Suitability Report.

78 Sections 339(7) and (8) of the CPC indicate that the appointed psychiatrist
must consider any submission by the offender of a report made by his
psychiatrist. Though these were not in fact submitted by the Appellant, but
rather provided by the court, nothing to my mind turns on this difference: the
reports were available to the appointed psychiatrist and should have been
considered before finally determining the matters in s 339(3).

79 As noted at [40] above, it remains open to the court to further enquire or
seek clarification from the appointed psychiatrist, where there may be issues
of obvious clerical errors leading to an erroneous report, or issues of
“manifestly wrong, illogical or absurd conclusions” (Low Gek Hong at [11]).
Moreover, I do not read s 339(9) of the CPC as precluding any curative action
whether or not the non-compliance is substantive. The conclusive nature
expressed as regards the appointed psychiatrist’s opinion in s 339(9) is only
as to the substantive conclusions in an MTO suitability report; it does not
exclude the possibility that the report is wanting in some way. If anything,
the various requirements in s 339, specifically s 339(8), operate as
conditions precedent to the psychiatrist’s opinion.

80 While the requirement in s 339(8) is a precondition to a finding by the
court that there is an MTO suitability report for the purposes of s 339, it
does not follow that the report must be rejected out of hand if there is
failure to strictly comply. Doing so would be disproportionate where there may
have been a clerical error or omission. What should be obtained is an
explanation from the appointed psychiatrist. The court may then consider
whether in the circumstances a correction should be permitted. As noted by See
JC in Low Gek Hong, “satellite litigation aimed at challenging or re-
interpreting what the psychiatrist has stated, or not stated” should be
avoided in order to avoid unnecessary protraction of the sentencing process
(at [16]). This, in his view, was the purpose of s 339(9) of the CPC.

81 Given that there needs to be further clarification on whether the
precondition in s 339(8) of the CPC has been met, the court cannot impose an
MTO at this stage. Section 339 of the CPC does not provide that the opinion of
another psychiatrist can be substituted or considered in the event of non-
compliance by the appointed psychiatrist. According to the structure of the
section, in particular ss 339(1)–(4), a favourable report by an appointed
psychiatrist is required before the court may impose an MTO. If the court has
doubts concerning the sufficiency of an MTO suitability report, the
alternative sentence of an MTO is simply not available, and the offender must
then be dealt with under the general sentencing regime.

The next steps

82 In light of the apparent non-compliance with s 339(8) of the CPC, the
opportunity will be given for the appointed psychiatrist to explain what had
happened, and whether there is any change to her conclusions. The court will
then consider whether the custodial sentence imposed by the District Judge in
the present case ought to be upheld.

Aedit Abdullah  
Judge of the High Court  
---  
  
Ravi s/o Madasamy (K K Cheng Law LLC) for the appellant;

Lee Zu Zhao and Niranjan Ranjakunalan (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the
respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 18 Nov 2021 (18:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

