Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  
THE

high court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC 286

Suit No 84 of 2020

Between

(1)| Nishiki Holdings Pte Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| Nishiki Real Estate Pte Ltd  
(3)| Nishiki International Investments Pte Ltd  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

(1)| Sankaty European Investments S.A.R.L  
---|---  
(2)| Sajjad Ahmad Akhtar  
(3)| Chin Sek Peng Michael  
  
… Defendants

judgment

[Agency] — [Principal] — [Holding out]

[Companies] — [Directors] — [Duties]

[Companies] — [Receiver and manager] — [Appointment]

[Professions] — [Valuer] — [Judicial review of valuation]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Nishiki Holdings Pte Ltd and others

  
v

  

Sankaty European Investments Sarl and others

[2021] SGHC 286

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 84 of 2020  
Kwek Mean Luck JC  
2–4, 10–13, 16–20, 24–26, 31 August, 1, 2, 7–9, 14 September 2021, 29 November
2021

20 December 2021 Judgment reserved.

Kwek Mean Luck JC:

The parties

1 The 1st plaintiff, Nishiki Holdings Pte Ltd (“NH”), is a company
incorporated in Singapore. NH is a holding company. Dr Masami Yabumoto (“Dr
Yabumoto”) is the 100% beneficial owner of NH. At the time of the “Sale
Leaseback Transaction” mentioned below, NH was 50% owned by Dr Yabumoto and
50% owned by a Medical Charitable Trust. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Eve Lee’s AEIC dated 21 June 2021 (“Eve Lee’s AEIC”) at pp 54 and 57 and 1st
Defendant’s Closing Submissions (“1DCS”) at para 7(b)(i).

Presently, Dr Yabumoto and Ms Zhang Ran (“Ms Zhang”) are equal shareholders of
NH, with Ms Zhang holding on behalf of Dr Yabumoto. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Zhang Ran’s AEIC dated 21 June 2021 (“Zhang Ran’s AEIC”) at para 10.

The 2nd plaintiff, Nishiki Real Estate Pte Ltd (“NRE”), is also a company
incorporated in Singapore and is a holding company. NH is the ordinary
shareholder of NRE. The 3rd plaintiff, Nishiki International Investments Pte
Ltd (“NII”), is also a company incorporated in Singapore and a holding
company. NII is a wholly owned subsidiary of NH.

2 The 1st defendant, Sankaty European Investments S.A.R.L (“Sankaty”) is a
private limited company incorporated in Luxembourg. Sankaty is part of the
debt division of Bain Capital LP. Sankaty was later renamed Bain Capital
Credit.

3 The 1st defendant demanded from the plaintiffs, payment of “Additional
Interest” arising from a loan agreement entered into between the parties
(“Loan Agreement”). Flowing from the alleged debt for “Additional Interest”,
the 1st defendant also appointed the 2nd and 3rd defendants, Mr Sajjad Ahmad
Akhtar (“Mr Akhtar”) and Mr Chin Sek Peng Michael (from PKF-CAP Advisory
Partners Pte Ltd), as private receivers over certain assets of the plaintiffs.

4 In this suit, the plaintiffs sought in the main, to set aside the Loan
Agreement and in particular, the “Additional Interest” provisions of the Loan
Agreement, on the ground that the 1st defendant was put on notice regarding a
certain conflict of interest. In the alternative, they sought to set aside the
appointment of the appraiser, Houlihan Lokey (China) Limited (“HL China”),
whom the 1st defendant had appointed to value certain assets. HL China’s
valuation formed the basis for the computation of the “Additional Interest”. I
find that the Loan Agreement was valid, but the appointment of HL China as the
appraiser was not valid. I set out my reasons below.

Background facts

5 The Kinshukai Medical Corporation (“KMC”) is a large healthcare provider in
Japan, with substantial holdings of hospitals in Osaka. The controlling
shareholder of KMC is Dr Yabumoto. Sometime in or about the middle of 2016,
KMC restructured its corporate structure. In particular, ownership of KMC’s
nine Osaka medical properties (the “Properties”) were transferred to a
Japanese special purpose company called Nishiki Tokutei Mokuteki Kaisha
(“Nishiki TMK”). Nishiki TMK is wholly owned by NRE.

6 KMC and Nishiki TMK entered into a transaction, whereby KMC would sell the
Properties to Nishiki TMK, who would lease the properties back to KMC (“Sale
Leaseback Transaction”). Nishiki TMK had to raise senior, mezzanine, and
equity financing to finance the purchase of properties from KMC. The senior
financing to Nishiki TMK was provided by Deutsche Bank Tokyo (“DB Tokyo”) and
United Overseas Bank Tokyo (“UOB Tokyo”). This was to serve as bridge
financing until Nikishi TMK sold the Properties to third party investors. The
1st defendant was involved in funding DB Tokyo for DB Tokyo’s mezzanine
financing to Nishiki TMK at JPY6.9bn and providing a principal loan of JPY100m
to NRE pursuant to the Loan Agreement.

7 The Loan Agreement was entered into by the plaintiffs and the 1st defendant.
It was concluded on the plaintiffs’ behalf by Mr Theodore Meegan (“Mr
Meegan”). Mr Meegan was the sole director of NH and NRE from June 2016 to on
or about 23 October 2018. He was the sole director of NII from 12 October 2015
to on or about 23 October 2018.

8 Under cl 2 of the Loan Agreement, the 1st defendant would advance JPY100m to
NRE (the “Loan”). Clause 6.1 provided that the Loan was repayable in full by
the “Maturity Date”. Clause 8.1 of the Loan Agreement provided that “Fixed
Interest” would accrue on the outstanding principal amount of the Loan at the
rate of 10% per annum. In or about July 2016, the 1st defendant advanced the
Loan to NRE. About one year later, on or about 29 June 2017, NRE repaid the
Loan and the accrued Fixed Interest in full.

9 Around 18 December 2017, Mr Meegan, with the assistance of Ms Zhang, who was
then the plaintiffs’ office manager and secretary to Mr Meegan, emailed Dr
Yabumoto to inform him that there were covenants with the 1st defendant that
remained until equity exit, including a component for “Additional Interest”.
Dr Yabumoto replied by email on 18 December 2017 that he did not know of such
a covenant and asked to be informed of the conditions to be released from the
covenant effectively.

10 This covenant relating to “Additional Interest” is set out in cl 8.2 of the
Loan Agreement, which provides that upon the occurrence of certain events
specified in cl 8.2(a), the Plaintiffs would be obliged to pay the 1st
defendant a component termed “Additional Interest” (the “Additional
Interest”). It is the 1st defendant’s contention that the Additional Interest
is compensation for the 1st defendant’s provision of the funding for the
mezzanine financing that was fronted by DB Tokyo. Schedule 1 of the Loan
Agreement sets out the mechanism to calculate the quantum of Additional
Interest. The relevant clauses from the Loan Agreement and Schedule 1 of the
Loan Agreement states:

[The Loan Agreement:]

8.2 Additional Interest Payment

(a) In addition to the interest payments contemplated under Clause 8.1, the
Borrowers shall pay to the Lender, as additional interest on the Loan, the
Additional Interest Amount at the following time:

…

(ii) on the acceleration of the Loan pursuant to Clause 19.16 (Acceleration)
or the Maturity Date, or, at the election of the Lender (in its sole
discretion), at such later date as may be specified by the Lender to the
Borrower Agent (subject to clause (iii) below) …

[Schedule 1:]

1\. Exit.

(a) Upon the occurrence of an Exit, the Borrowers shall cause the Exit Proceed
to be used to pay the following amounts in the following order of priority:

(i) first, by Nishiki TMK to pay all outstanding Nishiki TMK Financing
Obligations;

(ii) second, to the extent that Exit Proceeds are received by Nishiki TMK, by
Nishiki TMK to pay all Preferred Equity and TK Distributions;

(iii) third, to pay the aggregate amount of Approved Operating Expenses then
due and payable by NRE and NII;

(iv) fourth, to pay the Lender all accrued and unpaid Fixed Interest and any
fees, costs and expenses the due to the Lender;

(v) fifth, to pay the Lender the aggregate amount sufficient to repay in full
all then-outstanding principal (including capitalized interest) of the Loan on
and as of the date of such payment;

(vi) sixth, to make a distribution to the Preferred Shareholder in the amount
of the Preferred Shareholder Investment Amount plus any accrued and unpaid
fixed distributions (not to exceed 10% of the Preferred Shareholder Investment
Amount);

(vii) seventh, to pay to KMC the deferred payment amount incurred by Nishiki
TMK in connection with the Sale Leaseback Transaction in the amount of JPY
1.256 billion, plus accrued interest at 1% per annum;

(viii) eighth, to make a distribution to Holdings in an amount equal to JPY
1.425 billion; and

(ix) ninth, to pay the Lender and the Preferred Shareholder an aggregate
amount equal to 20% of the amount equal to the (A) the Exit Proceeds minus (B)
the sum of the amounts under items (i) through (vii) above, such that the
ratio of such payment to the Lender and the Preferred Shareholder is
93.103:6.897 (such amount determined to be payable to the Lender under this
item, the “Additional Interest Amount”).

Thereafter, any remaining amounts can be used to make distributions to
Holdings or as the Borrowers otherwise see fit.

…

3\. Definitions

…

(c) “Exit Proceeds” means:

…

[(v)] in the event that payment of the Additional Interest Amount is due to
the Lender pursuant to Clause 8.2 of the main body of this Agreement prior to
the occurrence of an Exit, the fair market value of all of Nishiki TMK’s
assets, including the Properties (as determined, in the case of non-cash
assets, by an Appraiser).

[emphasis in original]

11 Under Schedule 1 of the Loan Agreement, read with cl 20 of the Loan
Agreement (which defines “Borrower Agent” as NRE): 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Takeyuki Matsuda’s AEIC dated 23 June 2021 (“Matsuda’s AEIC”) at para 87.

(a) The first step was to ascertain the quantum of “Exit Proceeds”, which is
defined in paragraph 3(c)(iv) [sic] of Schedule 1 as: “the fair market value
of all of Nishiki TMK’s assets, including the Properties (as determined, in
the case of non-cash assets, by an Appraiser).”

(b) “Appraiser” was defined by Paragraph 3(a) of Schedule 1 as “a reputable
appraisal firm with operations in Japan appointed by [the 1st defendant] in
consultation with [the Borrower Agent, ie, NRE, pursuant to Cl 20 of the Loan
Agreement].”

(c) The next step was to take the Exit Proceeds and use it to pay the amounts
to various parties in the order of priority stated at paragraph 1(a)(i) to
(viii) of Schedule 1.

(d) Thereafter, [under paragraph 1(a)(ix) of Schedule 1,] the remainder was to
be used to pay [the 1st defendant] and Brocade Investment “an aggregate amount
equal to 20% of the amount equal to the (A) the Exit Proceeds minus (B) the
sum of the amounts under items (i) through (vii) above, such that the ratio of
such payment to [the 1st defendant] and Brocade Investment is 93.103 : 6.897”
...

[emphasis in original]

12 Clause 8.2(a)(ii) of the Loan Agreement stated that the Additional Interest
would be payable, inter alia, on the “Maturity Date”. The original Maturity
Date was 30 June 2018. The Maturity Date was amended six times. At the final
amendment, the Maturity Date was 30 November 2018.

13 On 23 October 2018, Mr Meegan was dismissed as sole director of the
plaintiffs.

14 On or about 4 December 2018, the 1st defendant emailed to the plaintiffs, a
“Demand for Payment of Additional Interest Amount”. The email was sent to Mr
Meegan, Mr Shinsuke Kataoka (“Mr Kataoka”) and Ms Zhang, but only Mr Kataoka
received the email. Mr Kataoka was a consultant hired by Mr Meegan to assist
in the financing for the Sale Leaseback transaction. Ms Zhang testified that
her email was deactivated at that time.

15 On 5 December 2018, Ms Eve Lee (“Ms Lee”) of the 1st defendant wrote to Mr
Kataoka suggesting the appointment of one of the following three firms as the
Appraiser for the purposes of the valuation under Schedule 1 of the Loan
Agreement: “Houlihan Lokey”, “PWC”, and “Deloitte”. Mr Kataoka replied by
email on the same day to say that he had no objection to either “Houlihan” or
“PWC”, “assuming they do a fair valuation”.

16 The 1st defendant appointed HL China on 6 February 2019 as the Appraiser.
HL China subsequently subcontracted the entirety of the work of determining
the fair market value of the Properties to Enrix Co Ltd (“Enrix”). For its
report, HL China relied on Enrix’s valuation of the Properties, which was
JPY28.601bn.

17 On or about 12 July 2019, the 1st defendant wrote a letter of demand to the
plaintiffs. The 1st defendant quantified the Additional Interest at
JPY1.111bn, based on a valuation report issued by HL China in March 2019 (the
“HL China Valuation Report”).

18 On or about 27 September 2019, the plaintiffs’ representative, Mr Takeyuki
Matsuda (“Matsuda”), met with the 1st defendant’s representative, Mr Tetsuji
Okamoto (“Mr Okamoto”). The plaintiffs’ case is that Mr Okamoto agreed that
all parties refrain from taking any legal or enforcement action pending the
plaintiffs’ appointment of a third-party appraisal firm to review the HL China
Valuation Report. The 1st defendant’s case is that Mr Okamoto had consistently
maintained that while the plaintiffs could be given more time to conduct their
own internal checks, the Additional Interest of JPY1.111bn would not be
compromised.

19 On or about 18 October 2019, the 1st defendant appointed the 2nd and 3rd
defendants as joint receivers (the “Receivers”). On or about 23 October 2019,
the 2nd and 3rd defendants wrote to each of the plaintiffs informing that they
have been appointed Receivers over the plaintiffs’ charged assets.

20 The plaintiffs raise three main issues in their action against the 1st
defendant:

(a) whether the 1st defendant was put on notice that Mr Meegan had neither
actual nor apparent authority to negotiate and conclude the Loan Agreement, in
particular the clauses in relation to the payment of the Additional Interest
(the “Notice Issue”);

(b) whether HL China is an “Appraiser” as defined in the Loan Agreement (the
“HL China Issue”); and

(c) further and/or alternatively, whether there are manifest errors in HL
China Valuation Report that justify the valuation being set aside (the
“Valuation Issue”).

21 The plaintiffs submit that if it is found that there is no Additional
Interest Amount owed to the 1st defendant, then it follows that the 2nd and
3rd defendants’ appointment as Receivers is invalid and void.

The Notice Issue

Plaintiffs’ case

22 The Notice Issue determines whether the Loan Agreement, in particular the
clauses on the Additional Interest, are void.

23 On or about 28 June 2016, Mr Meegan presented the 1st defendant with a
“Certificate of Director of Nishiki Real Estate Pte Ltd” (the “NRE Director’s
Certificate”). The NRE Director’s Certificate stated that Mr Meegan had
authority to enter into the Loan Agreement on behalf of the 2nd plaintiff. It
was signed by only Mr Meegan. The NRE Director’s Certificate also annexed a
director’s resolution dated 27 June 2016 (the “NRE Director’s Resolution”).
This was again signed only by Mr Meegan. The NRE Director’s Resolution
identified the conflict of interest between Mr Meegan (as sole director) and
the plaintiffs:

After having carefully considered the foregoing, the sole director confirms
that he has disclosed all his interests in the subject of these resolutions …
In particular, it is noted that the sole director is also a director of each
of Nishiki, NII, Brocade Investment and Brocade Management and a holder of 51%
of the issued and paid-up shares in the capital of each of Brocade Investment
and Brocade Management.

24 The plaintiffs submit that the evidence indicated to the 1st defendant
that:

(a) Mr Meegan stood to personally gain from any payment that the plaintiffs
made to the 1st defendant as Additional Interest. The Loan Agreement provided
for payment of 6.897% of the Additional Interest to Brocade Investment, and Mr
Meegan was a 51% shareholder of Brocade Investment.

(b) Nobody from the plaintiffs, apart from Mr Meegan, had approved this
conflict of interest between Mr Meegan as sole director and the plaintiffs. A
fiduciary cannot self-authorise his own breach of fiduciary duty:
Skandinaviska Enskilada Banken AB (Publ), Singapore Branch v Asia Pacific
Breweries (Singapore) Pte Ltd and another and another appeal (“Skandinaviska”)
[2011] 3 SLR 540 at [38].

(c) In the premises, the 1st defendant was placed on notice that Mr Meegan did
not have authority to enter into the Loan Agreement in relation to the
Additional Interest, on the plaintiffs’ behalf. The 1st defendant was
therefore obliged to make further inquiries to satisfy itself that the
requisite shareholder consent, namely that of Dr Yabumoto, had been obtained.
The 1st defendant did not do so.

25 The plaintiffs submit that the conflict of interest taints the provisions
relating to Additional Interest. As a result, the clauses in the Loan
Agreement on the payment of Additional Interest are a nullity and the 1st
defendant cannot enforce the said clauses in the Loan Agreement. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions against the 1st Defendant (“PCS1D”) at para
99.

1st defendant’s case

26 The 1st defendant submits that Mr Meegan’s entitlements under the Loan
Agreement were entered into by the plaintiffs with the full knowledge and
consent of the companies and Dr Yabumoto as the owner. In Regal (Hastings) Ltd
v Gulliver and Others [1942] 1 All ER 378 (“Regal (Hastings) Ltd”), the House
of Lords found that Regal (Hastings) Ltd’s former solicitor was not liable in
respect of alleged unauthorised profit as he had acted with the full knowledge
and consent of the company, when he purchased the shares that led him to make
the disputed profit. In respect of the directors of Regal (Hastings) Ltd, who
were found liable for profits made in the execution of their office, the House
of Lords noted that they could have protected themselves by a resolution of
Regal (Hastings) Ltd’s shareholders.

27 In this case, the 1st defendant submits that the following documents, which
were furnished by the plaintiffs to the 1st defendant, shows that the Loan
Agreement was entered into with the full knowledge and consent of the company,
including Dr Yabumoto as owner of the plaintiffs:

(a) NRE Director’s Resolution and NH Director’s Resolution dated 27 June 2016;
5

##### Foot Note 5

×

20 Agreed Bundle (“AB”) at pp 10806-–10815 and 1st Defendant’s Bundle of
Documents (“1DB”) at pp 84–89.

(b) NRE Director’s Certificate dated 28 June 2016;

(c) Opinion from the plaintiffs’ solicitors (at the material time), Latham &
Watkins LLP (“L&W”) dated 30 June 2016 (the “L&W Opinion”), 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

4AB at p 2192.

where:

(i) at para 1.3(w), L&W had reviewed a “certified true copy of the written
resolutions signed by the relevant shareholders of each Singapore Company
dated 27 June 2016, authorising the execution by each Singapore Company of the
Principal Agreements to which it is a party …” NH is one of such “Singapore
Company”. Dr Yabumoto is the 100% beneficial owner of NH; and

(ii) at para 2.4, L&W stated that the “entry into and performance of its
obligations under the Principal Agreements to which it is a party by each
Company does not violate” its constitution or existing laws of Singapore
applicable to the companies generally.

(d) Articles of Association of NRE and NH;

(e) The specific comments provided by the lawyers of Nishiki TMK around 21
June 2016 to the 1st defendant on the Loan Agreement from “NH/L&W/N&A”,
relating to the personal interests of Dr Yabumoto; 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

1st Defendant’s Core Bundle (“1DCB”) at p 342.

and

(f) The Sponsor Indemnity Agreement signed by Dr Yabumoto in support of the
Loan Agreement (“Sponsor Indemnity Agreement”). 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

4AB at pp 2157–2179 (English translation at 4AB at pp 2173–2179).

My decision

28 The NRE Director’s Certificate and the Articles of Association of NRE and
NH do not deal specifically with the conflict of interest. The NRE and NH
Director’s Resolution highlight the conflict of interest but were signed by Mr
Meegan. It is trite law that a director cannot clear his own conflict of
interest.

29 Among the documents referred to by the 1st defendant, the most relevant to
their case are the L&W Opinion, the Sponsor Indemnity Agreement and the
specific comments made by Nishiki TMK’s lawyers from “NH/L&W/N&A” to the 1st
defendant on the Loan Agreement at around 21 June 2016, in relation to Dr
Yabumoto’s personal interests.

30 First, para 1.3(w) of the L&W Opinion stated that L&W had reviewed a
“certified true copy of the written resolutions signed by the relevant
shareholders of each Singapore Company dated 27 June 2016, authorising the
execution by each Singapore Company of the Principal Agreements to which it is
a party …” Pursuant to para 1.2(h), NH is one such “Singapore Company”. The
“Principal Agreements” include the Loan Agreement (see para 1.3(j) of the L&W
Opinion). Paragraph 2.2 of the L&W Opinion also states that it is the opinion
of L&W that “the execution of, and the performance by [each Singapore Company]
of its obligations under, the Principal Agreements to which it is a party has
been duly authorised by all necessary corporate action on the part of each
Singapore Company”.

31 The plaintiffs submit that the L&W Opinion is hearsay. However, the key
issue is not whether the L&W Opinion is hearsay now before the court, but
whether the 1st defendant was entitled at the material time of the Sale
Leaseback Transaction, to rely on paragraph 1.3(w) of the L&W Opinion, which
stated that L&W had reviewed a NH shareholders’ resolution that authorised the
execution of the Loan Agreement. The plaintiffs did not dispute that the
document was authentic, marking it as such in the Agreed Bundle. As the L&W
Opinion was provided by the plaintiffs to the 1st defendant pursuant to
Schedule 2-2 of the Loan Agreement, 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

2AB at p 761.

and shows the reviews that had been conducted by the plaintiffs’ own
solicitors, I find that the 1st defendant was entitled to rely on it. Ms Lee
also testified that L&W’s opinion stating that they had sighted the NH
shareholders’ resolution authorising the transaction, was a key document that
the 1st defendant relied on in proceeding on the basis that the plaintiffs had
the requisite authority to enter into the transaction. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Notes of Evidence (“NE”) 25 August 2021 at pp 45–46 and 48–49.

32 The plaintiffs submit that the NH shareholders’ resolution is not before
the court. However, as the NH shareholders’ resolution would belong to the
plaintiffs, I find that it is for them to disclose.

33 The plaintiffs note that the L&W opinion only addresses “customary matters
for a transaction of this nature” and submit that this equated to regulatory
formalities but did not cover issues such as breach of fiduciary duty. In
particular, the plaintiffs submit that the effect of the assumptions at paras
1(e), 1(h) and 3 of the L&W Opinion, relating to directors acting in good
faith, limits on the powers of directors not being exceeded, and the absence
of fraud, is to place issues on conflict of interest and breach of fiduciary
duties outside the scope of the L&W Opinion. This is because the opinion
effectively assumed that the requisite full and informed consent of the
shareholders had been obtained. However, I note that that the L&W Opinion also
states at para 1.3 that for the purposes of issuing the opinion, L&W had
reviewed a list of documents. This includes the NH shareholders’ resolution.
Hence, their opinion at para 2.2 that the execution of the obligations under
the Loan Agreement had been “duly authorised by all necessary corporate action
on the part of each Singapore company”, is not based only on assumptions, but
on specific documents L&W had reviewed.

34 The plaintiffs further submit that Schedule 2 of the L&W opinion states
that the opinion expresses no opinion as to matters of fact, and whether Dr
Yabumoto gave informed consent or not is a “matter of fact”. I do not find
this submission helpful to the plaintiffs’ case, as L&W also specifically
stated at para 1.3(w) that they had reviewed the NH shareholders’ resolution,
which is what the 1st defendant relied on.

35 The plaintiffs also submit that even if the NH shareholders’ resolution
exists, it does not show that the NH shareholders knew of Mr Meegan’s
potential personal gain under the Loan Agreement and that the NH shareholders
proceeded to approve the Loan Agreement with that knowledge. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

PCS1D at para 84.

However, the Loan Agreement is one of the agreements that is authorised by the
NH shareholders’ resolution. The form of the Members’ Resolution in Writing
(“MRIW”) is set out in the NH Director’s Resolution at para 4(a), and para 1
of the MRIW states that the transaction documents, including the Loan
Agreement, be hereby approved, notwithstanding that Mr Meegan “is also a
director of NRE, NII, Brocade Investment and Brocade Management and a holder
of 51% of the issued and paid-up shares in the capital of each of Brocade
Investment and Brocade Management”. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

1DB at pp 84–89.

In other words, Mr Meegan’s potential conflict of interest is expressly set
out for the NH shareholders, in particular Dr Yabumoto, to see when they
signed the NH shareholders’ resolution.

36 The plaintiffs submit that the MRIW is silent on the fact that under the
Loan Agreement, payment of the Additional Interest to the 1st defendant would
result in a corresponding payment to Brocade Investment. In other words, even
though there were documents indicating Mr Meegan’s potential conflict of
interest through Brocade Investment and Brocade Management, even though the
Loan Agreement was available to Dr Yabumoto in full and even if Dr Yabumoto
signed off a shareholders’ resolution authorising the execution of the Loan
Agreement, Dr Yabumoto did not know about the conflict of interest because he
did not know of a particular provision in the Loan Agreement relating to the
Additional Interest. This is a recurring theme in the plaintiffs’ response to
other documentary evidence, and I will address this below after reviewing the
other relevant documentary evidence.

37 Second, the Sponsor Indemnity Agreement signed by Dr Yabumoto binds him to
certain obligations relating to the Loan Agreement. I find that this is highly
indicative that Dr Yabumoto knew of the obligations arising under the Loan
Agreement, as he would under the Sponsor Indemnity Agreement be liable for
breaches under the Loan Agreement. The obligations include:

(a) Article 1.7 – Dr Yabumoto agreed that he cannot file any winding up (or
similar) proceedings against the plaintiffs and Nishiki TMK within five years
after the entire amount of debt arising from the Loan Agreement has been fully
repaid;

(b) Article 1.8 – Dr Yabumoto warranted that he had access to all facts and
information regarding the Plaintiffs, Nishiki TMK and related contracts, and
the 1st defendant may rely on Dr Yabumoto who has such access; and

(c) Article 2.10 – Dr Yabumoto agreed that if a breach of a related
contractual obligation committed by a Nishiki-related party other than Nishiki
TMK (including a breach of representations, warranties and compliance) is the
result of the actions of KMC, Nishiki Corporation, or Dr Yabumoto, Dr Yabumoto
would be liable for damages, losses, fees and expenses suffered by the 1st
defendant that are considerably related. This would include breaches of the
Loan Agreement by the plaintiffs.

38 The plaintiffs again, submit that while the Sponsor Indemnity Agreement
sets out certain of Dr Yabumoto’s obligations relating to the Loan Agreement,
the Sponsor Indemnity Agreement did not deal specifically with the Additional
Interest payment to Brocade Investment or Mr Meegan’s potential conflict of
interest. The plaintiffs thereby submit that the Sponsor Indemnity Agreement
does not show that Dr Yabumoto knew of the conflict of interest and authorised
the execution of the Loan Agreement with such knowledge. I will address this
below after reviewing the other relevant documentary evidence.

39 Third, Nishimura and Asahi (“N&A”), who were Nishiki TMK’s lawyers, had on
21 June 2016, sent across an amended version of the Loan Agreement with marked
up comments from “NH/L&W/N&A”. These comments included the following comments
from NH and N&A that specifically protected Dr Yabumoto’s personal interests:
13

##### Foot Note 13

×

4AB at pp 2073, 2095, 2121 and 2124.

(a) In relation to the definition of “Group”, NH and N&A deleted the reference
to Dr Yabumoto in his capacity as “Indemnitor” and stated, “[NH/N&A: We would
like Dr. Yabumoto to be involved in this financing only to the extent of the
indemnity letter.]”;

(b) NH and N&A amended the definition of “Indemnitor” (ie, Dr Yabumoto) and
commented on his involvement: “NH/N&A: There shall not be any preferred shares
in Holdings to be subscribed to by Dr. Yabumoto” and deleted the definition of
“Yabumoto Investment”;

(c) At cl 16.10(a), NH and N&A deleted “the Indemnitor” from this clause due
to this clause’s lack of relevance to Dr Yabumoto: “NH/N&A: Dr. Yabumoto
himself has not provided any financial information”;

(d) At Schedule 2 para 1(d), there was a comment from NH that “NH/N&A: NH want
to limit the involvement of Dr. Yabumoto in this loan transaction by NH, NRE
and NII”; and

(e) “NH/L&W/N&A” also made amendments and comments relating directly to the
Additional Interest Amount and payments to the Brocade entities under the Loan
Agreement.

40 The main documentary evidence that the plaintiffs rely on to show Dr
Yabumoto’s lack of knowledge, is his reply to Mr Meegan’s email update to him
dated 18 December 2017 where Mr Meegan said: 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

4AB at p 2310.

[a]lthough Bain’s mezzanine and term-loan were repaid in June of 2017, there
are still a couple of covenants which remain until equity exit. The first
covenant is “Additional Interest” at exit which allows them some upside when
we execute equity investment with a potential candidate.

41 Dr Yabumoto replied Mr Meegan on the same day, stating: 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

4AB at p 2314.

I did not know about (such) covenant with Bain. Please let me know the
conditions to be released (from the covenant) effectively.

42 Weighed against the L&W Opinion, the Sponsor Indemnity Agreement and the
Nishiki TMK lawyers’ provision of specific inputs on the Loan Agreement
jointly with NH to protect Dr Yabumoto’s personal interests and their
amendments and comments on the Additional Interest provision of the Loan
Agreement, I find that Dr Yabumoto’s reply of 18 December 2017, in and of
itself, does not indicate his lack of knowledge of the Additional Interest
provision of the Loan Agreement. It could simply reflect that Dr Yabumoto had
forgotten, or that the internal explanations given to him were not adequate or
that he failed to fully appreciate what was explained to him.

43 That Dr Yabumoto could forget, was attested to by Mr Matsuda himself when
he was cross-examined about Mr Meegan’s email of 18 December 2017. The
difficulties that Dr Yabumoto may have had with the internal explanations
given to him were also identified by Mr Matsuda when he was cross-examined on
Dr Yabumoto’s awareness of the obligations in the Sponsor Indemnity Agreement:
16

##### Foot Note 16

×

NE 11 August 2021 at pp 23–25, 27–28 and 72–74.

[Cross-examination of Mr Matsuda on Mr Meegan’s email of 18 December 2017]

Q. So Dr Yabumoto would have told you that he became aware, according to him,
of this additional interest when Mr Ted Meegan sent him this email, yes?

A. No. When I showed him, he said that, “Did you think that I would still
remember everything like this?” And then after that Kataoka made a phone call
and he said that my -- that “The things changed in my brain.”

Q. “Things changed in my brain.” Sorry, Mr Matsuda, I'm really struggling to
understand your answer. When you showed him, when you showed Dr Yabumoto this
email and this line, “The first covenant is ‘Additional Interest’ at exit
which allows them some upside when we execute equity investment with a
potential candidate”, Dr Yabumoto said or asked you, “Do you think that I
would remember everything like this?” Was that Dr Yabumoto's response?

A. What he said is he doesn't remember every single thing mentioned out of so
many emails.

[Cross-Examination of Mr Matsuda on the Sponsor Indemnity Agreement]

Q. … All I'm asking is it would be important -- wouldn't it be important for
Dr Yabumoto to know what are the related contractual obligations of a Nishiki-
related party before he gives this indemnity to Sankaty, that's all.

A. He didn't receive explanation, that's all.

A. (In English) From anyone.

Q. He didn't receive any explanation in relation to --

A. From anyone.

…

Q. So Dr Yabumoto told you he didn't know the contents of the sponsor
indemnity but he executed it and he gave it and he signed it?

A. It should be that way. I guess there was some sort of explanation but I'm
not sure how much he knew, so my answer is yes.

[emphasis added]

44 It is not the plaintiffs’ position that Dr Yabumoto was unaware of the set-
up of Brocade Investment and Brocade Management, including the fact that Mr
Meegan and Mr Kataoka would be their shareholders. Mr Hiroyuki Horikawa (“Mr
Horikawa”), a director of the plaintiffs, testified in his AEIC at paras 37–41
that Mr Meegan had explained this to Dr Yabumoto. Nor is it the plaintiffs’
position that Dr Yabumoto was unaware of the Sale Leaseback Transaction, the
Loan Agreement or the Sponsor Indemnity Agreement. Instead, the plaintiffs’
position is that although Dr Yabumoto knew of them, he did not know specific
details, in particular that the Loan Agreement also contained provisions for
the Additional Interest and allocation of part of the Additional Interest to
Brocade Investment. He may have forgotten, it was not explained to him or
there was some explanation but it was unclear how much he knew from the
explanation.

45 That there may have been such lack of internal clarity on the details for
Dr Yabumoto, would not have been apparent to the 1st defendant. In preparing
for the financing of the Sale Leaseback Transaction, they would have seen
documents such as the L&W Opinion, the Sponsor Indemnity Agreement and the N&A
edits, which showed Dr Yabumoto’s close involvement in the process.

46 Taken together, I find that the weight of the documentary evidence is such
that the 1st defendant was entitled to think that Dr Yabumoto knew about the
Loan Agreement, including the Additional Interest provision, and Mr Meegan’s
potential conflict of interest, and that Dr Yabumoto approved the execution of
the Loan Agreement with such knowledge. Mr Matsuda sought to explain that Dr
Yabumoto may have forgotten or may not have known because of the lack of
proper explanation to him by his staff. However, Mr Matsuda had not even
joined the plaintiffs when the Loan Agreement and Sponsor Indemnity Agreement
were signed. Hence his evidence on this holds little weight. Moreover, even if
Mr Matsuda’s explanation is accepted, the lack of adequate explanation to Dr
Yabumoto by his staff or Dr Yabumoto forgetting what he was briefed on, do not
change the fact that there was objective documentary evidence that the 1st
defendant was entitled to rely on at the time of executing the Loan Agreement,
indicating that Dr Yabumoto knew of the potential conflict of interest
involving Mr Meegan and nevertheless approved of the Loan Agreement in
totality. It is not for the 1st defendant to go behind such documents, to
enquire if Dr Yabumoto had properly understood the documents that he had seen
or signed or if the plaintiffs had properly briefed their ultimate shareholder
on the material documents.

47 It is notable that the only person who can explain away the weight of the
documentary evidence is Dr Yabumoto, but the plaintiffs have chosen not to
call him.

48 Taking the evidence on the whole, I find that while there was a potential
conflict of interest in Mr Meegan personally profiting from the Additional
Interest, this was overcome by the documents indicating knowledge of Dr
Yabumoto and his consent for the plaintiffs to nevertheless proceed with the
Loan Agreement, as reflected in the L&W Opinion, the Sponsor Indemnity
Agreement and N&A’s edits to the Loan Agreement jointly with NH protecting Dr
Yabumoto’s personal interests, which the 1st defendant was entitled to rely
on. Consequently, I find the Loan Agreement to be valid and enforceable.

49 I will next consider the second issue, the HL China issue.

The HL China issue

50 In the event the Loan Agreement is found valid and enforceable against the
plaintiffs, the plaintiffs submit that the HL China Issue arises.

Plaintiffs’ case

51 In particular, the plaintiffs submit that the appointment of HL China
failed to comply with the conditions in para 3(a) of Schedule 1 of the Loan
Agreement for the appointment of an Appraiser, which provides that the
valuation of the Exit Proceeds had to be determined by an “Appraiser”, which
is defined as “a reputable appraisal firm with operations in Japan appointed
by [the 1st defendant] in consultation with the Borrower Agent”. Clause 20 of
the Loan Agreement defines “Borrower Agent” as NRE. The plaintiffs make three
submissions on this issue.

52 First, HL China lacks “operations in Japan”. At most, HL China has an
affiliate company with operations in Japan, which is presumably Houlihan Lokey
K K (“HL Japan”). This appears to be a distinct corporate entity with a
different Managing Director and different employees. Hence, it is HL Japan
that has “operations in Japan”, not HL China. If the 1st defendant’s
interpretation of “Appraiser” is correct, it would mean that the valuation
could have been carried out by any entity within the Houlihan Lokey group
(since they would all be “affiliated” to HL Japan). But it would be baffling
if the parties had intended for the valuation of the properties in Osaka to
have been carried out by for example the Houlihan Lokey entity in Dubai.

53 Second, a reasonable reading of the definition of “Appraiser” indicates
that not only was the Appraiser to have “operations in Japan”, but that the
valuation was to be carried out by those “operations in Japan”. This is
sensible, since the reference to “operations in Japan” necessarily indicates
the parties’ objective intention for the valuation to be carried out by the
Japanese operations of that “reputable appraisal firm”. The parties could not
have intended HL Japan to be appointed as the Appraiser, but for the actual
valuation to be subcontracted to a valuation firm in Egypt. Hence even if HL
China is treated as having “operations in Japan”, the valuation process was
still not carried out by HL China’s “operations in Japan” (ie, HL Japan).
Instead, the valuation was carried out by Enrix.

54 Third, HL China was not appointed “in consultation with NRE”. Only Mr
Kataoka was consulted, but he is not a staff of NRE. The relevant timeline
shows the following. Mr Meegan was dismissed as sole director of the
plaintiffs on 23 October 2018. On or about 23 October 2018, Mr Horikawa and Ms
Zhang were appointed as directors of the plaintiffs and the ACRA records were
accordingly updated. Ms Lee from the 1st defendant knew by 4 December 2018
that Mr Meegan had “retired”, ie, that he was no longer the sole director of
the plaintiffs. On 5 December 2018, Ms Lee sent to Mr Kataoka a list of
potential valuation firms, including a “Houlihan Lokey”. On the same day, Mr
Kataoka replied that he had “[n]o objection, assuming they do fair valuation”.

55 The plaintiffs submit that it is undisputed that Mr Kataoka held no
position in and was not employed by the plaintiffs. The documentary evidence
indicates that Mr Kataoka acted as part of Mr Meegan’s team. Hence, even if Mr
Kataoka had any authority (actual or implied) to speak on behalf of the
plaintiffs, such authority would necessarily have been derived from Mr Meegan,
and not the plaintiffs. Therefore, upon the removal of Mr Meegan as sole
director, any actual authority that Mr Kataoka had to represent the plaintiffs
disappeared with Mr Meegan. The 1st defendant found out on 4 December 2018
from Mr Kataoka that Mr Meegan was no longer the sole director of the
plaintiffs. The 1st defendant would at that point, have been put on notice of
the termination of Mr Kataoka’s actual authority. From 4 December 2018
onwards, Mr Kataoka lacked actual and apparent authority to represent the
plaintiffs. So, the appointment of HL China and any participation by Mr
Kataoka in the valuation process could not have been on the account of the
plaintiffs.

1st defendant’s case

56 The 1st defendant’s response is that HL China is an appraiser with
operations in Japan. HL China confirmed in its letter of engagement dated 6
February 2019 that it had a Japanese affiliate with offices in Roppongi,
Tokyo.

57 In addition, nothing in Schedule 1 precluded HL China from subcontracting
the real estate appraisal to a valuer based in Japan. The plaintiffs knew that
HL China would subcontract such work to a local Japanese real estate
appraiser, ie, Enrix and did not raise any objections. Mr Kataoka had dealt
with Enrix and even facilitated their real estate appraisal during the
valuation process, without objection. In an email from Ms Lee to Mr Kataoka
dated 5 December 2018, she explained that the 1st defendant “need a third
party independent valuation firm (rather than just purely a real estate
valuer) as this exercise will include the value of all of TMK’s assets”. This
was why HL China was appointed even though Enrix conducted the valuation of
the properties in Osaka.

58 The plaintiffs’ expectation that the Japan operation of the appraisal firm
has to perform the valuation, is not expressed in Schedule 1, para 3(a) of the
Loan Agreement. If this was the parties’ intention, para 3(a) could have
simply stated: “Appraiser” means “a reputable Japanese appraisal firm
appointed by the Lender in consultation with the Borrower Agent”. However, it
does not.

59 The 1st defendant submits that the plaintiffs had by their conduct,
represented that Mr Kataoka was authorised to deal on their behalf. Mr Kataoka
engaged the 1st defendant and DB Tokyo in relation to Financing for the Sale
Leaseback Transaction with the knowledge of Mr Meegan and Dr Yabumoto. Mr
Kataoka continued to be involved in and acted as the plaintiffs’
representative post-investment (ie, after the closing of the Financing for the
Sale Leaseback Transaction). Mr Kataoka was involved in the prepayment of the
principal loan and fixed interest. Mr Kataoka was involved in the valuation
process and was in direct communication with HL China and Enrix. Mr Kataoka
had also arranged the 7 August 2019 meeting between the 1st defendant’s
representatives, Dr Yabumoto, Nishiki Corporation representatives and senior
lenders per the Mizuho refinancing that took place in June 2017.

60 The 1st defendant also relies on the terms of the Investment Management
Deed 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

2AB at pp 942–973.

dated 28 June 2016 (“IM Deed”) for Mr Kataoka’s actual authority. Per the IM
Deed, Brocade Management Pte Ltd, as manager, had extensive powers in relation
to the plaintiffs which included procuring their compliance with their
obligations under the Loan Agreement.

61 The 1st defendant highlights that at no point prior to NRE’s letter dated
29 August 2019, was the 1st defendant informed that Mr Kataoka was not the
plaintiffs’ authorised representative. There was an email from Ms Zhang to Dr
Yabumoto dated 19 August 2016 conveying a message from Mr Meegan that with the
first financing arrangement over, there should be separation of NH employees
(Mr Meegan) from third party consultants (Mr Kataoka). 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

4AB at p 2214.

But this was internal to the Nishiki group and never conveyed to the 1st
defendant.

My decision

62 It is undisputed that pursuant to Schedule 1, para 3(a) of the Loan
Agreement, the Appraiser is to be appointed by the 1st defendant in
consultation with NRE, that the 1st defendant consulted only Mr Kataoka on the
appointment, and that Mr Kataoka is not an employee of NRE.

63 The 1st defendant relies on the following clauses of the IM Deed as the
basis for Mr Kataoka’s actual authority (with added emphasis): 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

1DCS at para 313.

2\. APPOINTMENT

2.1 Subject to Clause 2.1.1 (Appointment) and Clause 12 (Term and
Termination), each of the Shareholder and Companies hereby appoint the
Manager, and the Manager agrees, to carry out all activities as the Manager
may deem necessary for the management of the Companies and its business
(including any and all management functions that would ordinarily be
undertaken by NH in its capacity as Shareholder of the Companies), in
accordance with and subject to this Deed. Without limiting the generality of
the foregoing, the Manager shall have responsibility in:

2.1.1 managing the Companies and the Deposited Property in accordance with
this Deed and in accordance with customary industry wide best practices;

2.1.2 fulfilling the duties imposed on it under general law as the manager of
each Company;

2.1.3 ensuring that in managing each Company, it has sufficient oversight of
the daily operations and financial conditions of such Company and the
Deposited Property, and shall remain as the key decision-maker in respect of
all material matters relating to the management of such Company;

…

2.2 Companies’ Power of Attorney

To enable the Manger to perform its responsibilities set out in Clause 2.1
above, each of the Companies irrevocably and severally appoints the Manager
and any person nominated for the purpose by the Manager as its attorney (with
full power of substitution and delegation) in its name and on its behalf and
as its act and deed to execute, seal and deliver (using the company seal where
appropriate) and otherwise to do any deed, assurance, agreement, instrument,
act or thing which each Company has the power and authority to execute and do
(other than such matters which such Company has the power and authority to
execute and do under or pursuant to this Deed, and any Third Party Asset
Manager Services with respect to which a Third Party Asset Manager has been
appointed), whether under applicable laws, the Constitutive Documents of each
Company or otherwise (“Companies Matters”), and each Company agrees that it
shall hereby waive and relinquish any and all residual power and authority to
execute and do any Companies’ Matters which have been granted to the Manager
under this Clause 2.2 (except to the extent limited by any applicable laws).

2.3 Shareholder’s Power of Attorney

To enable the Manger to perform its responsibilities set out in Clause 2.1
above, the Shareholder irrevocably and severally appoints the Manager and any
person nominated for the purpose by the Manager as its attorney (with full
power of substitution and delegation) in its name and on its behalf and as its
act and deed to execute, seal and deliver (using the company seal where
appropriate) and otherwise to do any deed, assurance, agreement, instrument,
act or thing which the Shareholder has the power and authority to execute and
do as shareholder of each Company (other than such matters which the
Shareholder has the power and authority to execute and do under or pursuant to
this Deed) (“Shareholder’s Matters”) (whether under applicable laws, the
Constitutive Documents of each Company or otherwise), and the Shareholder
agrees that it shall hereby waive and relinquish any and all residual power
and authority to execute and do any Shareholder’s Matters which have been
granted to the Manager under this Clause 2.3 (except to the extent limited by
any applicable laws).

…

3\. POWERS OF THE MANAGER

…

3.4 Compliance with Restrictions in Financing Documents

Notwithstanding any to the contrary in this Deed, the Manager (a) acknowledges
the entry by TMK and NRE into the Financing Documents, (b) shall ensure that
any exercise by it of its powers, authorities and discretions under this Deed
shall not result in a breach under any of the Financing Documents, and (c)
shall procure that each of the Companies and the Special Purpose Vehicles
complies in all respects with its obligations, and observes any restrictions,
imposed on it by the Financing Documents.

[emphasis by the 1st defendant]

64 The 1st defendant submits that pursuant to cl 3.4 of the IM Deed, Mr
Kataoka could and did procure NRE’s compliance with the requirements of
Schedule 1 of the Loan Agreement. Pursuant to cl 2.1.3 read with cl 2.2 of the
IM Deed, Mr Kataoka had the power of attorney from NRE to do any act on its
behalf as its key decision-maker in relation to all material matters relating
to the management of NRE, which would include its compliance with the Schedule
1 requirements. Consequently, Mr Kataoka had actual authority on NRE’s behalf,
for the 1st defendant to “consult” with him on the appointment of the
Appraiser.

65 Examining the IM Deed, I note that:

(a) Clause 2.1 states that the Manager is to carry out activities “in
accordance with and subject” to the IM Deed, and then lists out various
responsibilities under its sub-clauses.

(b) The “responsibility” of the Manager under cl 2.1.3 for which he remains
“the key decision-maker in respect of all material matters” would consequently
also be “in accordance with and subject” to the IM Deed.

(c) The power of attorney given to the Manager in cl 2.2 is to enable the
Manager to carry out the responsibilities in cl 2.1 and would hence similarly
be “in accordance with and subject” to the IM Deed.

66 Hence in assessing the applicability of the IM Deed, it is important to
understand the intended scope of the IM Deed. In this respect, it is useful to
also examine the other provisions of the IM Deed that deal with the scope.
Paragraph (c) of the Preamble states that Brocade Management as the Manager
“is willing to provide to the Companies discretionary investment management
services in relation to the assets of the Companies [ie, NRE and NII]”. The
focus is thus on the provision of investment management services. This is
borne out by the nature of the powers that the Manager has under cl 3 of the
IM Deed.

(a) Clause 3.1 vests the Manager with the power of discretionary investment
management of the “Deposited Property” and the absolute discretion to
determine the manner in which any Cash or other assets forming part of the
Deposited Property should be invested.

(b) Clause 3.2 vests the Manager with specific powers in relation to the
Deposited Property. While the valuation involves the Properties and other non-
cash assets of Nishiki TMK, the requirement to consult is not in relation to
the Properties, but in relation to the appointment of the Appraiser, whose
role is to determine the valuation of Nishiki TMK’s assets for the purposes of
the Additional Interest calculations under the Loan Agreement. It is a matter
relating to the Loan Agreement and not the Deposited Property. Thus, cl 3.2 is
not relevant here.

(c) Clause 3.3 vests the Manager with the power to direct the company to
borrow or raise moneys in order to, inter alia, meet its liabilities.

(d) Clause 3.4 is titled “Compliance with Restrictions in Financing Documents”
and gives the Manager the power to “procure that each of the Companies …
complies in all respects with its obligations … imposed on it by the Financing
Documents.” [emphasis added]. This is the clause which the 1st defendant
relies on.

67 In this context, is the requirement under Schedule 1 of the Loan Agreement
for the Appraiser to be appointed by the 1st defendant in consultation with
NRE, a right of NRE to be consulted on the appointment of the Appraiser, or an
obligation imposed on NRE by the Loan Agreement?

68 The obligation that is imposed by the Loan Agreement, is for the plaintiffs
to pay the Additional Interest, the amount of which is based on the fair
market value of Niskhi TMK’s assets as determined by an Appraiser, after
making the deductions set out in Schedule 1 of the Loan Agreement. But it
cannot be said that the requirement for NRE to be consulted on the appointment
of the Appraiser, is an obligation imposed on NRE by the Loan Agreement, as
opposed to a right vested in NRE.

69 In addition, what cl 3.4 provides is for the Manager to “procure that … the
Companies” comply with the obligations, that is, to cause the Companies to
comply, and not that the Manager steps into the shoes of the Companies to
effect such compliance. This is similar to the ambit of the power in cl 3.3
which allows the Manager to “direct [the] Company to borrow”. This is in
contrast to cl 3.1 where the power is not limited to the Manager procuring or
directing the Company to move in a certain direction, but instead gives the
Manager the “absolute discretion” to determine the manner of investment.

70 Thus, on a close examination of the IM Deed, I find that it does not confer
actual authority on Mr Kataoka to act on NRE’s behalf in relation to the
consultation of NRE on the appointment of the Appraiser under Schedule 1 of
the Loan Agreement.

71 I next examine whether the plaintiffs had by their conduct, represented
that Mr Kataoka had the authority to act for NRE in respect of the appointment
of HL China as the Appraiser.

72 The 1st defendant would have been aware early on, certainly before the
signing of the Loan Agreement, that Mr Kataoka was acting for Brocade
Management, as the Nishiki Group’s investment agent for the Sale Leaseback
Transaction, and not for NRE. This is clear from the IM Deed that the 1st
defendant points to. Clause 9.3 of the IM Deed states that “neither the
Manager nor its personnel or representative shall at any time be deemed to be
employees of either Company during the term of this Deed.” 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

2AB at p 957.

Mr Kataoka’s appointment through the IM Deed would have informed the 1st
defendant that he was not a staff of NRE. Ms Lee also testified that it would
usually be professional firms specialising in such services, that are
appointed as investment agents. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

NE 26 August 2021 at p 122.

It would have been clear to the 1st defendant that Mr Kataoka was not an NRE
staff.

73 In addition, at the time of the material correspondence between Ms Lee and
Mr Kataoka, around 4–5 December 2018, the 1st defendant was aware that Mr
Meegan had left the plaintiffs. In her AEIC, Ms Lee said that after 30
November 18, she received a notification that the email to Mr Meegan had not
been delivered. She then sent an email to Mr Kataoka to check with him on an
alternative email address to reach Mr Meegan or if the current list of email
addresses sufficed. In this regard, the list of email addresses then were: (a)
s.zhang@nishikiholdings.com (Ms Zhang); and (b) skataoka@brocade.am (Mr
Kataoka). Mr Kataoka notified her that Mr Meegan had retired and that the
current list sufficed for the purposes of communication with the Plaintiffs.
22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Eve Lee’s AEIC at paras 53–54.

74 Pertinently, the email address that Eve Lee corresponded with around 4–5
December 2018 was an email address of Mr Kataoka at Brocade, not NRE. Yet,
despite having started the inquiry of who would be Mr Meegan’s replacement, Ms
Lee accepted Mr Kataoka’s response and did not press for who would replace Mr
Meegan as director of NRE or who would be representing NRE. Ms Lee explained
that the 1st defendant did not do so, as they believed that Mr Kataoka
sufficed and they were “just being polite” when she first asked. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

NE 25 August 2021 at pp 103–104.

However, this is not consistent with her later email on 13 July 2019, when Ms
Lee asked Mr Kataoka to let the 1st defendant know “if there is another NRE
contact that [the 1st defendant] need[ed] to copy on this email, [as she]
tried to reach [Ms Zhang] but seems that her email is bouncing [sic]”. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

5AB at p 2987.

If indeed Mr Kataoka sufficed as an NRE contact, there is seemingly no reason
for Ms Lee to later request for an NRE contact. Ms Lee again testified on the
stand that she only did this out of politeness. However, she also acknowledged
that there is nothing in her AEIC that she sought out another NRE contact
because of politeness. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

NE 25 August 2021 at p 117.

75 I am not inclined to believe that this was done simply out of politeness,
as it was also the evidence of her colleague, Mr Tetsuji Okamoto (“Mr
Okamoto”), who was from Bain Capital and assisted the 1st defendant in
discussions with the Nishiki Group, that Mr Kataoka was from Brocade. He
referred to Mr Kataoka in his AEIC as “Brocade (Advisor)” 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Tetsuji Okamoto’s AEIC dated 18 June 2021 at para 6(b).

and affirmed on the stand that he knew that Mr Kataoka was not from the
Nishiki Group. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

NE 14 September 2021 at p 10.

Taking into account Mr Okamoto’s evidence and Ms Lee’s requests for an NRE
contact from Mr Kataoka, I find it more likely that she had doubts and wanted
a NRE contact for certainty, but continued with Mr Kataoka because he was who
she had dealt with for the financing of the Sale Leaseback Transaction.

76 Nevertheless, did the plaintiffs, by allowing Mr Kataoka to engage with the
1st defendant on the financing for the Sale Leaseback Transaction, and to
continue to be involved in post-investment financial matters such as the
prepayment of the principal loan and fixed interest, represent to the 1st
defendant that Mr Kataoka would have the authority to act on NRE’s behalf in
relation to the consultation of NRE on the appointment of the Appraiser?

77 I find not. The conduct that the 1st defendant relied on, are related to
the financing matters for the Sale Leaseback Transaction. The IM Deed that the
1st defendant points to provides for Mr Kataoka’s role in relation to this.
But such involvement does not extend to the plaintiffs representing Mr Kataoka
as an NRE staff, and certainly not as someone who can bind NRE on their behalf
in respect of the appointment of the Appraiser, who would in effect determine
the amount of Additional Interest payable by the plaintiffs to the 1st
defendant.

78 Following from this, I do not accept the 1st defendant’s submission that
there was estoppel by acquiescence by the plaintiffs because there was no
challenge to the appointment of HL China or HL China’s subcontracting to
Enrix, or that the plaintiffs facilitated site visits or reviewed the HL China
Valuation Report. There is no evidence that anyone else from the plaintiffs
were involved in such actions other than Mr Kataoka. Given that Mr Kataoka did
not have authority to act on the plaintiffs’ behalf, his actions similarly
would not bind the plaintiffs via estoppel.

79 In the absence of any direct evidence that the plaintiffs were aware of Mr
Kataoka’s involvement in the appraisal process, the 1st defendant submits in
its closing submissions that the plaintiffs’ claims should be struck out under
O 24 r 16 of the Rules of Court (2014 Rev Ed) (“ROC”), because there is a real
or substantial risk that a fair trial will no longer be possible as a result
of the plaintiffs’ failure to provide discovery of the emails between the
plaintiffs and Mr Kataoka on the appraisal process.

80 The 1st defendant relies on the principles set out in Grande Corp Pte Ltd v
Cubix International Pte Ltd and others [2018] SGHC 13 (“Grande Corp”).
However, the application to strike out under O 24 r 16 of the ROC in Grande
Corp came after the applicant there had sought for and obtained from the court
a specific discovery order on 13 July 2015, obtained from the court an unless
order on 21 November 2016, and filed a second application for an unless order
on 8 February 2017 which was withdrawn after the respondents filed a List of
Documents. In other words, there were prior applications for specific
discovery for which specific discovery orders and unless orders were
considered and made. The issue of whether discovery should have been ordered
had already been determined, when the issue of O 24 r 16 of the ROC was
considered by the court in Grande Corp. In this case, the 1st defendant has
not pointed to any specific discovery order that the plaintiffs are in breach
of. Nor has the 1st defendant shown that there were emails between the
plaintiffs and Mr Kataoka regarding the appraisal process, that the plaintiffs
deliberated suppressed. There is hence no basis for the plaintiffs’ claim to
be struck out pursuant to O 24 r 16 of the ROC.

81 In view of the above considerations, I find that the 1st defendant did not
consult NRE as required under Schedule 1 of the Loan Agreement on the
appointment of the Appraiser. Consequently, the appointment of HL China and
the HL China Valuation Report is invalid.

82 There is another sub-issue under the HL China Issue, on whether HL China
falls within the definition of “Appraiser” under para 3(a) of Schedule 1 of
the Loan Agreement. On a preliminary note, I agree with the 1st defendant that
the language of Schedule 1, para 3(a) does not preclude an appointed
“Appraiser” from subcontracting appraisal work. Neither does the language
require that the Appraiser be a Japanese firm. In my view, the question which
arises, is whether by the phrase “a reputable appraisal firm with operations
in Japan”, the appraisal firm must have (a) operations in Japan, and that (b)
such operations in Japan must be appraisal operations.

83 The applicable principles on contractual interpretation are set out in the
Court of Appeal’s decision in Leiman, Ricardo and another v Noble Resources
Ltd and another [2020] 2 SLR 386 where the court stated at [59]:

(a) The starting point is that the court looks to the text that the parties
have used;

(b) The court may have regard to the relevant context as long as the relevant
contextual points are clear, obvious and known to both parties;

(c) The court has regard to the relevant context because it then places itself
in “the best possible position to ascertain the parties’ objective intentions
by interpreting the expressions used by the parties in the [contract] in their
proper context”; and

(d) In general, the meaning ascribed to the terms of the contract must be one
which the expressions used by the parties can reasonably bear.

84 The Court of Appeal also stated at [60] that due consideration should be
given to the “commercial purpose of the transaction or provision, and … why a
particular obligation was undertaken”.

85 Schedule 1, para 3(a) of the Loan Agreement defines “Appraiser” as “a
reputable appraisal firm with operations in Japan appointed by the [1st
defendant] in consultation with [NRE].” It is clear from Schedule 1 that:

(a) The role of the Appraiser is to determine the “fair market value of all of
Nishiki TMK’s assets, including the Properties” (para 3(c)(iv) [sic]).

(b) The largest component of Nishiki TMK’s assets is real estate in the form
of the Properties, which are in Osaka, Japan. Of the eventual Fair Market
Value (“FMV”) of JPY29,188.432m that was assessed by HL China, Properties
constituted JPY28,601.400m, Cash and Deposits formed JPY1,350.097m and Non-
Cash Assets (other than the Properties) were only JPY0.002m. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

7AB at p 4063.

(c) The FMV of the Properties determined by the Appraiser would form the “Exit
Proceeds”, which would then be applied in the manner set out in para 1(a) of
Schedule 1.

(d) Part of the amount determined by the Appraiser forming the Exit Proceeds,
the Additional Interest, would be paid to the 1st defendant.

86 The appraisal of the Properties by the Appraiser would thus directly and
overwhelmingly impact the quantum paid out under the Additional Interest by
the plaintiffs to the 1st defendant. Having regard to the relevant context and
commercial purpose of the appraisal and the role of the appraiser, which would
have been clear, obvious and known to both parties from the provisions of the
Loan Agreement, the phrase “reputable appraisal firm with operations in Japan”
in Schedule 1, para 3(a) of the Loan Agreement must mean a reputable appraisal
firm (a) with operations in Japan, and (b) such operations in Japan must refer
to appraisal operations.

87 Given that the fundamental role of the Appraiser is appraisal, and the bulk
of such appraisal is the valuation of the Properties located in Osaka, Japan,
it is inconceivable that the parties would have envisioned a reputable
appraisal firm with for example, only food and beverage “operations” in Japan,
when they contemplated an Appraiser determining the valuation. It might be
argued that the commercial purpose can still be achieved by the Appraiser
subcontracting to an appraisal firm in Japan, even if the Appraiser did not
have appraisal operations in Japan. However, this would render the requirement
in Schedule 1, para 3(a) for “operations in Japan” meaningless and otiose. As
a matter of contractual interpretation, phrases should be given effect where
possible rather than rendered inoperative: see Newall v Lewis [2008] 4 Costs
LR 626 at [33], Dwr Cymru Cyfyngedig (Welsh Water) v Corus UK Ltd [2007] EWCA
Civ 285 at [13] and Jani-Kang (GB) Ltd v Pula Enterprises Ltd [2008] 1 All ER
(Comm) 451 at [26]. Indeed, if it was the intention that the Appraiser need
not have appraisal operations in Japan, Schedule 1, para 3(a) of the Loan
Agreement could simply have defined an appraiser as a “reputable appraisal
firm” without the mention of “operations in Japan”.

88 The 1st defendant contends that the appointed appraiser, HL China, has
operations in Japan. However, I am unable to accept the 1st defendant’s
argument. HL China has at the most, an affiliate in Japan. Mr Terence Tchen
(“Mr Tchen”), a Managing Director of Houlihan Lokey Financial Advisors, Inc
(“HLF”) in its Los Angeles office, and Co-Head of HLF’s Technical Standards
Committee, said that this affiliate was a subsidiary of Houlihan Lokey, Inc
(just as HLF and HL China were also subsidiaries of Houlilan Lokey, Inc). But
he was not familiar with it. While the 1st defendant in their Reply
Submissions refer to HL China’s letter to the 1st defendant dated 6 February
2019, where it was stated under para 6 that Houlihan Lokey “has a Japanese
affiliate” in Tokyo engaged in the provision of certain banking and financial
advisory services including, “without limitation, valuation advisory
services”, this was not the evidence of Mr Tchen. At para 42 of his affidavit,
he simply stated that the Japanese affiliate in Tokyo is “engaged in the
provision of certain investment banking and financial advisory services”
without mention of “valuation advisory services”. When he was asked if the
affiliate was involved in the provision of real estate appraisal, he testified
that he did not know all the capabilities of that office, but he was not
specifically familiar with them doing real estate appraisals. He did not even
know the legal name of the affiliate in Tokyo or what it was called generally
or externally. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

NE 1 September 2021 at pp 148–149.

He thinks that HL China would not exercise any form of control over the Japan
affiliate’s business, although he does not know for certain. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

NE 1 September 2021 at p 22.

In other words, on the evidence, HL China does not have operations in Japan,
and neither HL China nor its affiliate have appraisal operations in Japan.

89 Thus, I find that HL China is not an “appraisal firm with operations in
Japan” and hence is not an “Appraiser” as defined in Schedule 1, para 3(a) of
the Loan Agreement.

90 In summary, on the HL China Issue, I find that the appointment of HL China
is invalid, as it does not comply with the requirements of an “Appraiser”, and
the 1st defendant did not consult NRE on the appointment of the Appraiser, as
required by Schedule 1, para 3(a) of the Loan Agreement. The appointment of HL
China and the HL China Valuation Report is consequently set aside.

91 The plaintiffs have also submitted that as Mr Yoshinori Nagai (“Mr Nagai”)
from Enrix did not file an AEIC or appear at trial, the Enrix reports are
hearsay. If the Enrix reports are found to be hearsay, then the portions of
the HL China Report that relies on the Enrix reports should be disregarded.
Following from my findings above that the appointment of HL China and the HL
China Valuation Report should be set aside, this issue does not arise.

92 I observe that on the facts, the lack of consultation with NRE and the
improper appointment of HL China as the Appraiser were not just technical
breaches. While I have found that the 1st defendant was entitled to proceed on
the basis that Dr Yabumoto was aware of the conflict of interest and consented
to the Loan Agreement, that only means that the conflict of interest does not
void the Loan Agreement. It does not change the undisputed fact that Mr
Kataoka stood to gain personally from computation of the Additional Interest,
which the valuation of the Appraiser would determine. The more that the
plaintiffs had to pay to the 1st defendant in terms of the Additional
Interest, the more that Mr Kataoka stood to gain personally through his 49%
share in Brocade Investment. Under the structure of the Loan Agreement, such
conflict would have been safeguarded by the requirement that the 1st defendant
consult NRE on the appointment of the Appraiser. The 1st defendant did not do
so, but instead, consulted Mr Kataoka himself, without legal basis.

93 I would also add that even when the 1st defendant consulted Mr Kataoka
around 5 December 2018 on the choice of appraisal firms, they did not inform
him that:

(a) the 1st defendant had recently appointed Enrix to conduct a valuation of
the exact properties that would be assessed by the appointed appraisal firm;

(b) Enrix had just submitted its valuation report dated 28 September 2018 to
the 1st defendant, just two months before the actual valuation date under the
Loan Agreement, which was 30 November 2018 (Maturity Date); or

(c) that they would be recommending Enrix to the appointed appraisal firm to
conduct the valuation of the Properties. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Terence Tchen’s AEIC dated 17 June 2021 at para 16.

94 In HSBC Institutional Trust Services (Singapore) Ltd (trustee of Starhill
Global Real Estate Investment Trust) v Toshin Development Singapore Pte Ltd
(“Toshin”) [2012] 4 SLR 738, the Court of Appeal had observed at [71]:

… as a matter of legal principle, if an expert or an adjudicator has, prior to
the relevant appointment, been recently approached by one of the directly-
interested parties to give a professional opinion or adjudicate on a matter,
the expert or adjudicator concerned ought to make this known as soon as
practicable to the others involved in the appointment process. Additionally,
if the expert or adjudicator concerned either has or has previously had a
significant relationship with any interested party, particulars of this too
ought to be disclosed without any prompting. A failure to make proper
disclosure in a timely manner may raise serious concerns about apparent or
actual bias on the part of the expert or adjudicator.

95 The 1st defendant submits that there was no duty to disclose this prior
engagement because Enrix was engaged by HL China and not the 1st defendant, HL
China also added a level of scrutiny to Enrix’s valuation to ensure that its
valuation would not be tainted by bias, and unlike Toshin, there is no
contractual duty of good faith here.

96 Following from my finding above that sets aside the appointment of HL
China, the issue of whether the 1st defendant failed to make proper disclosure
to the plaintiffs of its earlier appointment of Enrix does not arise.

97 That said, I would observe, that while there was no explicit contractual
clause requiring good faith, the 1st defendant did write to the plaintiffs
that they would be “prepared to have good faith discussions with the Borrower
Agent regarding which entity to select as the Appraiser” and that “the Lender
is prepared to consult with the Borrower Agent in good faith in conducting
such calculation”. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

4AB at p 2340.

The involvement of HL China as the engaging party of Enrix also does not alter
Enrix’s pivotal role in the valuation. HL China subcontracted the valuation of
the Properties to Enrix. In the “Engagement Overview” section of the HL China
Valuation Report dated 13 November 2019, HL China stated that it “relied upon
and assumed, without independent verification, that the values for the
Properties … as estimated by ENRIX are the fair market values of the assets as
of November 30, 2018.” 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

7AB at p 4058.

Enrix’s valuation of the Properties, at JPY28,601.400m, formed the
overwhelming bulk of HL China’s assessment of Nishiki TMK’s assets, at
JPY29,188.432m. In such circumstances, I find the observations in Toshin at
[68] to be a particularly apt reminder:

There is often no clear line between seeking an advantageous but legitimate
position in business dealings and negotiations on the one hand, and offending
the basic standards of commercial fair play on the other. However, as a matter
of prudence, parties in similar circumstances ought to err on the side of
caution and reveal their cards openly. In such circumstances, voluntary and
timely disclosure of all material information would often go a long way
towards ameliorating or rectifying any information deficits.

The Valuation Issue

98 The third issue is the “Valuation Issue”. As I have determined the HL China
Issue in favour of the plaintiffs and set aside the appointment of HL China
and the HL China Valuation Report, the Valuation Issue does not arise.
Nevertheless, for completeness, I will deal briefly with the Valuation Issue
here.

99 The plaintiffs’ preliminary submission is that HL China could not have
determined the Additional Interest amount because Enrix’s reports were at all
material times a draft. However, the Loan Agreement does not impose a
requirement for a final report from the Appraiser nor a requirement that the
demand for Additional Interest be based on a final report from the Appraiser.
Mr Matsuda acknowledged on the stand that Schedule 1 of the Loan Agreement did
not require a report from HL China for the computation of the Additional
Interest. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

NE 13 August 2021 at p 5.

What the Loan Agreement requires, is that the Appraiser makes a determination
of the fair market value of the assets of Nishiki TMK. In addition, HL China’s
valuation did not change between the draft HL Report (25 March 2019) and the
final HL Report (13 November 2019).

100 The parties agree that the key question in the Valuation Issue is whether
there are manifest errors in the HL China Valuation Report. In Viking
Engineering Pte Ltd v Feen, Bjornar and others and another matter [2020] SGHC
78 (“Viking Engineering”), the court summarised at [69]–[70] that a “manifest
error” is one that: (a) is obvious or patent; (b) obviously capable of
affecting the determination; and (c) admits of no difference of opinion.
Arithmetic miscalculations, mistakes as to the identity of parties, or
reference to a building that does not exist are examples of manifest errors.
In contrast, the following are not manifest errors: (a) a failure to take into
account relevant considerations or taking into account irrelevant
considerations; (b) errors in judgment, eg, treating as good debts that turn
out to be bad, or omitting losses that were not known at the time; and (c)
mistakes in the reasoning process; and (d) negligent valuations.

101 The plaintiffs’ expert, Mr Takashi Nakazawa (“Mr Nakazawa”), and the 1st
defendant’s expert, Mr Junya Igarashi (“Mr Igarashi”), both produced written
reports. They also provided their views on the nine issues raised by Mr
Nakazawa in a Scott Schedule. Both experts gave testimony and answered
questions jointly in court.

The parties’ case

102 The plaintiffs submit that the nine issues raised by Mr Nakazawa in his
report constitute four manifest errors by Enrix:

(a) Wrongly allocating rent for each property (Issues 1 to 3).

(b) Wrongly assessing rental affordability (rent burdened ratio) for each
property (Issues 4 to 7).

(c) Inconsistent application of capitalisation rates (Issue 8).

(d) Error in including the rental renewal fee and failure to deduct Nishiki
TMK’s property management fee as an expense item (part of Issue 9).

103 The 1st defendant relies on the report and testimony of Mr Igarashi to
show that there is no manifest error.

My decision

Wrongly allocating rent for each property (Issues 1 to 3)

104 The plaintiffs’ preliminary submission on the first manifest error, is
that Enrix deviated from HL China’s instructions for valuation on an “as is”
basis. The HL China Valuation Report should hence be set aside because of
Enrix’s material departure from instructions.

105 I note that the Loan Agreement does not require the Appraiser to conduct
appraisal on an “as is” basis. Neither did the instructions between the 1st
defendant and HL China so require. Whether there is a deviation from HL
China’s instructions to value on an “as is” basis is hence not material.

106 The more critical issue is whether there is deviation from the requirement
under Japan’s Real Estate Appraisal Standards (“JREAS”) Chapter 3, that the
valuation should be conducted on an “as is” basis. JREAS Chapter 3, explains
“as is” and states that in “the valuation of property where the influence of
the operation is large, such as a hotel … [or] hospital, … it is difficult to
value without assumption of specific business operation [sic]. Accordingly,
essentially, such property is valued based on the current operator, employees,
competitiveness and other conditions.” 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

1st Defendant’s Core Bundle (“DCB”) vol 3 at p 668, footnote 17.

Both experts affirmed that in valuing “as is” under JREAS Chapter 3 footnote
17, the valuer should not be assuming a different hospital operator. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

NE 8 September 2021 at pp 76–77.

107 Where they differed was that Mr Nakazawa took the view that footnote 17
means that the valuer should not be assuming that there is no operator, which
he considered to be the case in a scenario of demolition for residential use,
which Enrix used. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

NE 8 September 2021 at p 78.

Mr Igarashi on the other hand, testified that he did not think that Enrix was
assuming no operator when it considered demolition for residential use. It was
instead assuming that the current operator “cannot afford to pay the rent”. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

NE 8 September 2021 at p 78.

I accept Mr Igarashi’s evidence that Enrix did not deviate from assessing the
property “as is”, as Enrix did start by considering the operator “as is”,
including its cashflows and rental payments.

108 However, in the process of considering the operator “as is”, Enrix
concluded that the Highest and Best Use of properties 2 and 5 would be to
demolish them for residential use as they were less profitable and were in a
location highly desirable for residential use. Thus, the more fundamental
question, is whether Enrix committed a manifest error in valuing Properties 2
and 5 on the basis of demolishing for residential use, instead of valuing it
on their existing use as a hospital.

109 Mr Nakazawa’s strongest argument on this point is that Enrix erred in
concluding that as the hospitals in Properties 2 and 5 were running a deficit,
they would not be able to afford the rent, hence Nishiki TMK’s income for
these two properties would be zero, and the two properties would thus be
better off demolished for residential use. In Enrix’s report, it is stated in
respect of Property 2 that “the subject property is deemed not to afford rent,
as it seems to be challenging to continue to pay rent for a long period of
time unless the cash flow of the subject property will improve dramatically”.
39

##### Foot Note 39

×

8AB at p 4215.

Mr Nakazawa’s view is that this is wrong as it ignores the fact that rent for
the nine Properties, including Properties 2 and 5, have consistently been paid
by KMC, the operator of these hospitals, as one lump sum rather than
individually. Therefore, the assessment of rent affordability should be
examined based on the KMC’s entire business revenue and expenses, rather than
on an individual hospital basis. Moreover, there is no history of rent not
being paid for Properties 2 and 5. JREAS Chapter 3 also states that in the
appraisal of securitised properties, “area-specific or property specific
assumptions that do not conform to the current conditions should basically not
be made.” Yet, Enrix assumed that rental could not be paid when it had
consistently been. This assumption did not conform to the “current
conditions”.

110 Mr Igarashi’s response was that as the cashflow for Properties 2 and 5
were negative, it was reasonable for Enrix to assume that beyond the short
term, KMC would cease the operations of these two hospitals, negotiate with
Nishiki TMK to terminate the lease of these two properties and vacate the
buildings voluntarily to minimise loss. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

NE 8 September 2021 at p 72.

111 However, Mr Igarashi was not able to provide a satisfactory explanation as
to why it would have been reasonable for Enrix to make such an assumption. The
surrounding facts point to the contrary.

(a) The intent of the Sale Leaseback Transaction, as explained by Ms Lee, was
to allow Dr Yabumoto and KMC to derive certain financial benefits from the
ongoing medical operations carried out by KMC. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Eve Lee’s AEIC at para 14.

(b) It was not contemplated or said that KMC would be closing down any of its
nine hospitals to enter into the residential property market.

(c) Neither could it be assumed that KMC intended to do so. It is undisputed
that there was one lease agreement for eight of the nine properties, including
Properties 2 and 5. Despite the history of deficits and poor cashflows from
Properties 2 and 5, rent has been paid for them by KMC through lump sum rental
payments from the time the lease was issued around 30 June 2016 to when HL
China concluded its valuation around 30 November 2018. On this point, Mr
Igarashi testified that Enrix might need to consider that rent had been paid
by KMC throughout the lease period despite the existing poor cashflows for
Properties 2 and 5. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

NE 8 September 2021 at pp 85–88.

(d) Moreover, the 2016 lease agreement was subsequently amended by a 2017
lease agreement, which did not contain any rental breakdowns. Mr Igarashi
affirmed that on the basis of the 2017 amended lease agreement, Enrix could
not have concluded that KMC would not be able to pay the rents for Properties
2 and 5 since there was no rental breakdown for them. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

NE 8 September 2021 at p 161.

112 It is therefore clear from the surrounding facts and from Mr Igarashi’s
testimony, that Enrix did not properly consider the lease agreements, and the
assumption that KMC would not be able to pay the rents for Properties 2 and 5
was not a reasonable one for Enrix to make. This was not just a question of
taking into account irrelevant considerations. On the evidence, there was no
basis at all for Enrix to assume that KMC would not pay for the rents, or to
assume that because of the poor cashflows from Properties 2 and 5, that KMC
would decide to exit from the hospital business in Properties 2 and 5,
demolish the hospitals there and rebuild for residential use.

113 The 1st defendant submits that this was not a manifest error as Mr
Nakazawa also recognised that the rent in the Properties was not sustainable
and had hence testified that the global rent would have to be reduced in the
third year by 12.5%. It is just that the manner in which Mr Nakazawa and Enrix
sought to address this need for rent reduction differed. However, I do not
find that this reference to Mr Nakazawa’s advocacy for rent reduction changes
the analysis at the fundamental level.

114 The key issue is whether having identified the negative cashflow issue for
Properties 2 and 5, Enrix was justified in making the assumption that KMC
would demolish the hospitals on those properties and rebuild for residential
use. As set out above, the surrounding facts do not support such an
assumption. Mr Nakazawa’s view that rent should be reduced, does not render
this assumption of KMC’s behaviour any more viable.

115 Moreover, at a conceptual level, valuation analysis proceeding on the
basis of demolishing a hospital and converting that land to residential use,
is different from a valuation analysis assuming existing use as a hospital but
with rental reduction for that hospital. In the former scenario, there is a
possibility of upside to the valuation for Nishiki TMK. In the later scenario,
the reduced rental cashflows to Nishiki TMK would likely reduce the valuation.
However, as the 1st defendant had not put such a question to both experts,
there is no evidence from either expert on whether both valuation paths would
indeed lead to the same valuation quantum.

116 I therefore find that Enrix’s valuation of Properties 2 and 5 on the basis
of demolishing for residential use, is an obvious error which is obviously
capable of affecting the determination and which admits of no difference of
opinion. It constitutes a manifest error.

117 For completeness, in respect of the alleged first manifest error of
“[w]rongly allocating rent for each property”, Mr Nakazawa also submitted that
a reasonable appraiser would not have referred to the lease agreement between
Nishiki TMK and KMC dated 30 June 2016 when this was subsequently replaced by
the amended lease agreement dated 30 June 2017, which did not have the rental
breakdown contained in the 2016 lease agreement. Mr Nakazawa testified that
while the total amount of annual rent in the 2017 amended lease agreement
remained the same as the 2016 lease agreement, at JPY1,610,000,000, differing
rental breakdown for each property could result in changes in valuation as a
different capitalisation rate was applied for each property. Mr Nakazawa
testified that in his view, Enrix referring to the original rental breakdown
as contained in the 2016 lease agreement was not completely wrong. But he
would then have checked further, since the 2017 amended lease agreement no
longer had such rental breakdown, by either assessing the rental apportionment
based on the relative Gross Floor Area (“GFA”) of each property or by using
the cost approach of assessing the value of the land and building for each
property to ascertain the rental ratio. However, Mr Nakazawa also testified
that he has not done such alternative analysis. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

NE 8 September 2021 at p 167.

118 I agree with the 1st defendant that Enrix did not commit a manifest error
here in referring to the rental breakdown in the 2016 lease agreement.
Notably, the total rental quantum remained the same in the 2017 amended lease
agreement. It was reasonable for Enrix to refer to the 2016 lease agreement,
for an indication of the rental breakdown. As the rental allocation was agreed
to by KMC itself, I place little weight on the plaintiffs’ submission that
this may have been done on an illogical basis. In any event, Enrix used the
rental breakdown in the 2016 lease agreement only as a starting point and did
further analysis on the reasonableness of those rental breakdown. Mr Nakazawa
himself also accepted that Enrix was not completely wrong in referring to the
rental breakdown. While Mr Nakazawa testified that he would have done
additional alternative calculations, he did not do so and hence was not able
to testify if such alternative approaches would have changed the valuation
significantly or be negligible.

Wrongly assessing rental affordability (Issues 4 to 7)

119 The plaintiffs submit that the second manifest error, involving Issues 4
to 7, is that Enrix wrongly assessed rental affordability.

120 In assessing rental affordability, Enrix had taken the JPY50m in the 2016
lease agreement for Property 1 as a starting point and conducted an assessment
of the comparable rent. It also analysed the applicability of such comparable
rent. Mr Nakazawa’s view under Issue 4, was that Enrix should have gone
further to look at the cashflow analysis of the hospital in Property 1. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

NE 9 September 2021 at pp 23–26.

Mr Igarashi’s view was that Enrix was justified in not looking at the cashflow
analysis of the hospital in Property 1. Since Nishiki TMK only owned the land
but not the hospital building in Property 1, it was effectively assessing only
the reasonableness of the rental stream and need not assess the affordability
from the business perspective. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

NE 9 September 2021 at pp 34–41.

121 Mr Nakazawa acknowledged that JREAS Chapter 3 did not explicitly mention
the requirement for cashflow analysis to be conducted in such scenarios, but
in his view, the concept of securitisation of assets would lead to that. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

NE 9 September 2021 at pp 42–43.

Mr Igarashi stated that whether cashflow analysis is needed, depends on the
client, background and purpose. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

NE 9 September 2021 at p 44.

In light of Mr Nakazawa’s acknowledgement, I find that what Mr Nakazawa
advocates under Issue 4 is more a matter of difference in practice, than what
JREAS requires, and does not constitute a manifest error.

122 In respect of Issues 5–7, Mr Nakazawa states in his report that when the
relevant expense items are considered, four out of five of the properties
assessed would be negative after deducting the expenses from the Gross
Operating Profit (“GOP”). This is found in the table at para 81 of his report.
49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Takashi Nakazawa’s AEIC dated 18 June 2021, Expert Report at para 81.

His view is that his analysis showed that the rental in the 2016 lease
agreement was not mutually fair. The tenant would hence seek a reduction of
the rental amounts set out in the 2016 lease agreement. Enrix was thus wrong
to rely on the 2016 lease agreement for the rental burden allocation.

123 Mr Igarashi had different views on the expense items that should be
deducted from the GOP. His analysis showed a deficit for two Properties (4 and
7), rather than the four properties in Mr Nakazawa’s table. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

NE 9 September 2021 at p 108.

Even then, his view was that since both KMC and Nishiki TMK had agreed to the
rental indicated in the lease agreement, he would regard it as mutually fair.
51

##### Foot Note 51

×

NE 9 September 2021 at p 124.

124 I note that while Mr Nakazawa has through his analysis, pointed out
questions about the rental allocation between the properties, there is no
evidence about why the parties to the lease agreement arrived at such
allocation. But what is in evidence, is that both the tenant and owner did
agree to the rental allocation set out in the lease agreement. Notably, the
total rental amount in the 2017 amended lease agreement stayed the same as
that in the 2016 lease agreement. It was just that the rental breakdown for
each property was removed in the 2016 lease agreement. From the testimony of
Mr Nakazawa, it is also unclear that he has a fairer method of rental
allocation if the numbers in the 2016 lease agreement were not used. For
example, in respect of Properties 2 and 5, while Mr Nakazawa initially
testified that the rental allocation in the 2016 lease agreement could be used
for an income approach valuation, he subsequently testified that the rental
allocation there was not fair. In its place, he recommended allocating rent by
each property’s share of total GFA. However, this could result in properties
which have larger GFAs, having much larger rents even if their GOP was
negative or lower than those with smaller GFAs. This would not be an
inherently fairer method. Hence, I find that the questions raised by Mr
Nakazawa, in themselves, do not render the rental allocation in the 2016 lease
agreement as mutually unfair, such that Enrix manifestly erred in relying on
it as a starting point in their appraisal.

Inconsistent application of capitalisation rates (Issue 8)

125 The plaintiffs submit that the third manifest error arises from Mr
Nakazawa’s Issue 8, where he asserts that Enrix incorrectly applied the
capitalisation rate and discount rate in its assessment. During his testimony,
Mr Nakazawa testified that this is “just a difference of the way where we
observed the capitalisation rate” and that he is “raising the issue but it is
not really a big matter”. He would have checked the rent affordability
together with capitalisation rate assessment, but it does not mean that Enrix
made a manifest error. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

NE 9 September 2021 at p 200.

As Mr Nakazawa is not a legal expert, I do not place weight on his concession
that he did not regard this error as a manifest error. However, what is
material is his evidence that the differences arise from a matter of opinion.
He subsequently emphasised again in his testimony that there is an opinion of
the capitalisation rate and discount rate and there should be several ways of
analysis, and that he did not find that the Enrix analysis was sufficient. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

NE 9 September 2021 at pp 202 and 210.

126 Mr Igarashi testified that as can be seen from the Enrix report, the
capitalisation rate and discount rate have a number of inputs. After his
comparison of the capitalisation rates, he found that it looks quite
reasonable. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

NE 9 September 2021 at p 211.

Taking into account the evidence of both experts, I find that that Issue 8
arises from a difference of practice and opinion and does not constitute a
manifest error.

Failure to deduct Nishiki TMK’s property management fee as expense item (part
of Issue 9)

127 The fourth manifest error that the plaintiffs submit Enrix committed,
arises from one of the three errors identified in Issue 9 by Mr Nakazawa.

128 The plaintiffs first highlight an alleged error relating to Enrix’s
assumption that Nishiki TMK would expect income in the form of a rent renewal
fee for Property 1 in year six of its cash flow analysis.

129 Mr Nakazawa’s view was that Enrix was wrong to assume income from such
rent renewal fee. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

NE 9 September 2021 at p 214.

Mr Igarashi’s view was that it was common practice in Japan for renewal fees
to be paid by the tenant to the landlord for the lease of the land upon the
expiry of the lease, and that a commission of 10% of the renewal fees was
typically paid by the landlord to the real estate agent. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

NE 9 September 2021 at pp 233–234.

Nevertheless, Mr Igarashi disagreed with Enrix’s assumption that the renewal
fee would be generated in year six under its discounted cash flow (“DCF”)
calculations. His view was that it ought to be generated in year eight under
the DCF calculations. This would result in an estimated market value of
JPY952m compared to Enrix’s JPY954m. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Junya Igarashi’s AEIC dated 17 June 2021 at pp 40–41.

130 The 1st defendant submits that even on Mr Igarashi’s calculation, there is
only an error of less than 0.2% for Property 1, which is de minimis. The
plaintiffs rely on Mr Igarashi’s concession on this point to submit that this
is such a basic error and shows the haphazard manner in which Enrix appears to
have prepared the report. However, in so far as whether particular errors are
manifest errors, they would have to be assessed on their own. I hence consider
the plaintiffs’ submission on the error relating to the property management
fee, which Mr Nakazawa emphasised as the manifest or more serious error in
Issue 9, within the confines of both experts’ testimony on this particular
alleged error.

131 The plaintiffs submit that Enrix failed to deduct Nishiki TMK’s property
management fee as an expense item from each property’s cashflow analysis. Mr
Nakazawa points out that a property management agreement dated 22 March 2016
was executed between Nishiki TMK and CBRE, the asset manager of Nishiki TMK
(“Property Management Agreement”). The Property Management Agreement specifies
that the property management work shall be outsourced by CBRE to a third-party
property manager. Thereafter, Brocade Asset Management (“BAM”) was assigned as
the property manager and a fixed property management fee of JPY416,667 per
month is payable to BAM. Yet, in Enrix’s Valuation Report, under the cash flow
modelling in the “income approach” (both direct capitalisation and the DCF),
the property management fee is nil. This results in a difference of about
JPY100m in valuation. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

NE 9 September 2021 at pp 213–214.

132 Mr Igarashi’s view is that while Enrix has not included property
management fees as an expense item, there will not be, in any event, any
impact to the estimated market values. This is because the lease agreements
are “triple-net” lease agreements, whereby the tenant takes on the payment of
all expenses including taxes and maintenance. This is pursuant to Article 8 of
the 2016 lease agreement. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

3AB at p 1396.

The said amount from property management fees will hence be included as income
items and expense items. They are offsetting and the same. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

NE 9 September 2021 at p 241.

133 I accept Mr Igarashi’s explanation, and find that it has not been shown
that Enrix had made a manifest error here.

134 In summary, on the Valuation Issue, I find that Enrix has made a manifest
error, in making an unjustified assumption that the hospitals in Properties 2
and 5 would be demolished and the land converted for residential use. The 1st
defendant submits that the usual consequence of a successful challenge to an
expert’s determination is that it is a nullity and does not bind any of the
parties. In which case, the court will direct the expert to come to a new
decision in accordance with the instructions as clarified by the court; see
Poh Cheng Chew v K P Poh & Partners Pte Ltd and another [2014] 2 SLR 573 at
[80]. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

1DCS at para 512.

135 Thus, if the HL China Issue was not found against the 1st defendant, the
HL China Valuation Report would be a nullity on this basis and HL China would
be directed to come to a new valuation that corrects the manifest error
identified.

Oral Agreement between Mr Matsuda and Mr Okamoto

136 For completeness, I will also deal with the plaintiffs’ submission that
there was an oral agreement between Mr Matsuda and Mr Okamoto on or about 27
September 2019, whereby the 1st defendant agreed that the plaintiffs could
appoint a third-party appraisal firm to review the draft HL China Valuation
Report and that all parties refrain from taking any legal or enforcement
action pending the plaintiffs’ appointment of a third-party appraisal firm for
the review.

137 Both Mr Matsuda and Mr Okamoto differed in their oral testimony on whether
there was such an oral agreement at their meeting on 27 September 2019. The
main document the plaintiffs rely on is the email sent by Mr Okamoto to Mr
Matsuda on 1 October 2019 where Mr Okamoto said: “Regarding the valuation
process, I hope that it will be completed in two weeks so that we can reach
the final agreement.” This in itself does not support the plaintiffs’
position. Mr Okamoto’s explanation of this email is that the 1st defendant was
prepared to give the plaintiffs two weeks as courtesy, but not more. This
explanation is supported by the internal correspondence of the 1st defendant.
Mr Okamoto’s email to his colleagues on 29 September 2019 shows that he had
not made any commitment at the 27 September 2019 meeting and that he was
seeking in the email, his colleagues’ views of the next steps. In his email
reply to Mr Okamoto on 29 September 2019, the 1st defendant’s Mr Scott
Garfield (“Mr Garfield”) says he would tell the plaintiffs “two weeks” as
courtesy. On 30 September 2019, Mr Okamoto informed his colleagues that he had
told Mr Matsuda that they would “not have any valuation discussions going
forward and that the appraisal process on their end will just be for them to
confirm the calculations” and proposed that the 1st defendant give a two-week
timeframe for the plaintiffs to confirm. This was followed by the 1 October
2019 email sent out by Mr Okamoto to Mr Matsuda.

138 I therefore find that the evidence supports the 1st defendant’s position
that there was no oral agreement between Mr Matsuda and Mr Okamoto. The 1st
defendant has also submitted that the plaintiffs have failed to plead or show
what consideration there was for the alleged oral agreement. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

1st Defendant’s Reply Submissions at para 304.

The plaintiffs indeed did not plead or show consideration. Per Singapore Civil
Procedure 2021 vol 1 (Cavinder Bull gen ed)(Sweet & Maxwell, 2021) (“Singapore
Civil Procedure”) at para 18/2/5 and 18/12/10, consideration must be stated in
the pleadings if an agreement is alleged. In the absence of consideration,
even if there was an oral agreement, it would have been unenforceable.

Plaintiffs’ claims against the Receivers

Plaintiffs’ pleaded case

139 In addition to its claims against the 1st defendant, the plaintiffs claim
against the 2nd and 3rd defendants (the “Receivers”) the following:

(a) a declaration that Sankaty’s appointment of the 2nd and 3rd defendants as
receivers was invalid and void (“Prayer 1”);

(b) in the alternative to Prayer 1, a declaration that the 2nd and 3rd
defendants have failed to discharge their duties in good faith and/or are
biased, and are to be removed as receivers (“Alternative Prayer”);

(c) an order that the 2nd and 3rd defendants provide an account of all
transactions conducted by the 2nd and 3rd defendants in relation to the
plaintiffs’ assets and/or interests;

(d) an order that the 2nd and 3rd defendants jointly and severally forthwith
deliver up and/or transfer possession and/or title and/or ownership of the
plaintiffs’ assets and/or interests and/or the traceable proceeds of the same;

(e) damages and/or equitable compensation to be jointly and severally paid by
the 2nd and 3rd defendants for injury, loss and/or damage sustained by the
plaintiffs by reason of the 2nd and 3rd defendants’ trespass and/or wrongful
interference.

140 The plaintiffs acknowledge that their prayer for a declaration that the
Receivers’ appointment is invalid and void (ie, Prayer 1) has to proceed
against the 1st defendant rather than the Receivers. Following from my ruling
above on the HL China Issue that the appointment of HL China and the HL China
Valuation Report is to be set aside, the Receivers’ appointment would
consequently be invalid and void.

141 Nevertheless, as the plaintiffs also strenuously maintained their claim
for the Alternative Prayer, I will deal with it here for completeness.

142 The plaintiffs maintained their claim for the Alternative Prayer, despite
their acknowledgement of the weakness of their claim for it. The plaintiffs’
main witness for their claims, Mr Matsuda, stated in his AEIC at para 125
that:

(a) the Plaintiffs will accordingly on the present state of the evidence not
be pressing the Plaintiffs’ allegations in paragraphs 48 and 49 of the
Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 1) filed on 9 June 2021 against the
Receivers at the trial, pending of course any new evidence that may arise
through cross-examination or otherwise; and

(b) but the Plaintiffs maintain that on the state of evidence available to the
Plaintiffs at the time the present claim was filed the Plaintiffs were
entitled to take the position that the Receivers were acting in bad faith,
etc, and that in fact the Plaintiffs still believe that to be so.

[emphasis in original]

143 In the Plaintiffs’ Opening Statement at para 65, the plaintiffs state:

… on the state of the current evidence, the Plaintiffs forthrightly accept
that they would find it hard to meet the required standard of proof. However,
if new evidence should surface to support the contentions set out in [48] and
[49] of the Statement of Claim, the Plaintiffs will pursue these contentions
and reserve the right to cross-examine the Receivers on the same.

144 Paragraphs 48 and 49 of the Statement of Claim (“SOC”) states:

48\. Further or alternatively, if the 2nd and 3rd Defendants were validly
appointed as receivers, the 2nd and 3rd Defendants would owe the Plaintiffs
the duty to exercise due care and diligence. This duty would include a duty to
act in good faith and to act impartially.

49\. In this regard, the 2nd and 3rd Defendants are biased and / or have
failed to act in good faith and / or are wrongfully colluding with Sankaty.
These are the best particulars that the Plaintiffs can provide pending
discovery.

Particulars

(a) By way of letter dated 24 October 2019, the Plaintiffs informed the 2nd
and 3rd Defendants that the Plaintiffs denied Sankaty’s demand for Additional
Interest, and that the 2nd and 3rd Defendants’ purported appointment as
receivers was accordingly invalid.

(b) On 4 November 2019, the 2nd and 3rd Defendants replied to say inter alia
that they took the position that the Additional Interest as quantified by
Sankaty was due and owing. The 2nd and 3rd Defendants had therefore taken a
positive position on the substantive merits in favour of Sankaty.

(c) It is highly unlikely that the 2nd and 3rd Defendants had, in 11 days,
managed to start and complete their investigations into the disputed issues
and take independent legal advice on the same.

(d) The obvious inference is that the 2nd and 3rd Defendants were colluding
with Sankaty.

(e) Hence, on 5 November 2019, the Plaintiffs wrote to ask that the 2nd and
3rd Defendants disclose all correspondence the 2nd and 3rd Defendants had
exchanged with Sankaty on the substantive merits.

(f) The 2nd and 3rd Defendants have to date refused to provide any disclosure
whatsoever.

(g) Despite being put on notice by 24 October 2019 of the disputed debt, the
2nd and 3rd Defendants consented to their registration by Sankaty as receivers
of the Plaintiffs. …

(h) On 23 December 2019, the 2nd and 3rd Defendants wrote to the Plaintiffs’
directors threatening legal action. In particular, the 2nd and 3rd Defendants
threatened that they would not hesitate to hold the directors liable for any
losses caused to Sankaty.

(i) Yet the 2nd and 3rd Defendants’ have no standing in law to hold the
Plaintiffs’ directors liable for losses caused to Sankaty.

(j) On 2 January 2020, the Plaintiffs’ directors wrote to the 2nd and 3rd
Defendants and alleged that they were Sankaty’s “cat’s paw”. The letter also
stated that the 2nd and 3rd Defendants, even if validly appointed, would be
unable to discharge their duty to act in good faith. The basis of the
allegations were the particulars set out at (a) to (i) above.

(k) To date, the 2nd and 3rd Defendants have not denied the charges nor
provided any explanation.

(l) Further, on 14 January 2020, the 2nd and 3rd Defendants sent a letter to
Nishiki TMK (a Japan company) notifying Nishiki TMK of their purported
appointment as joint receivers of NRE and NII. In their letter, the 2nd and
3rd Defendants gave the false and misleading impression that:

(i) the ACRA records presently listed NII as being under receivership. This
was patently false; and

(ii) because ACRA had accepted the registration of their appointment as
receivers, ACRA had accepted that a debt was owed by the Plaintiffs to
Sankaty, and that ACRA had accepted the validity of their appointment as
receivers. This was patently misleading, and omitted the obvious fact, which
might not be readily apparent to a foreign entity, that ACRA is a filing
registry that cannot and does not assess or rule on the validity of a
receiver’s appointment, much less on whether a disputed debt is owed.

(m) On 14 January 2020, the 2nd and 3rd Defendants also sent letters to
Nishiki TMK’s bankers in Japan, namely, Mizuho Bank Ltd, Orix Corporation,
United Overseas Bank Limited, Fuyo General Lease Co Ltd, The Kagoshima Bank
Ltd, and The Hyakugo Bank Ltd. These letters contained the same false and
misleading statements. …

145 During the trial, after Mr Matsuda’s affirmation of para 125 of his AEIC
on the stand, counsel for the Receivers invited him to formally withdraw the
plaintiffs’ claim for the Alternative Prayer. He declined. When asked why, his
reply was that “because our position is that we don’t accept the
receivership”. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

NE 13 August 2021 at p 39.

The trial was stood down for plaintiffs’ counsel to speak with Mr Matsuda and
explain that the plaintiffs’ claim for the invalidity of the receivership
would have to proceed against the 1st defendant and was distinct from their
alternative claim against the Receivers. When trial resumed, counsel for the
plaintiffs reiterated that the plaintiffs would maintain their alternative
claim against the Receivers.

146 The plaintiffs then submitted that the plaintiffs’ case for the
Alternative Prayer stood on four pillars. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

NE 13 August 2021 at pp 44–46.

First, for the Receivers to take a position by their reply of 4 November 2019,
that the Additional Interest as quantified by the 1st defendant was due and
owing within 11 days, showed evidence of collusion: SOC at paras 49(a)–(c).
Second, when the plaintiffs asked the Receivers for correspondence that they
had with the 1st defendant, they refused: SOC at paras 49(e)–(f). Third, the
Receivers threatened legal action against the plaintiffs’ directors for losses
caused to the 1st defendant: SOC at paras 49(h)–(i). Fourth, the Receivers
sent letters on 14 January 2020 to Nishiki TMK’s four foreign banks stating
that the Receivers were validly appointed when they were not: SOC at paras
49(l)–(m).

Plaintiffs’ case in the closing submissions

147 At the conclusion of trial, as it was still unclear what the plaintiffs’
position was in relation to their Alternative Prayer against the Receivers,
they were directed to provide an outline of their case, which would provide
the issues for the parties’ respective closing submissions.

148 In their closing submissions, the plaintiffs pivoted from their pleaded
case and what their counsel had stated in the middle of trial as the four
pillars of their pleaded case. They now submit that the Receivers owed the
plaintiffs the duty to exercise due care and diligence and breached their
duties in three ways.

The Receivers failed to take basic steps for due diligence/independent
assessment

149 The plaintiffs’ first submission is that the Receivers failed to take the
most basic steps for due diligence/independent assessment. They point to the
following:

(a) there is no documentary evidence that the Receivers had received the
Security Documents before accepting their appointment on 18 October 2019; 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions against the 2nd and 3rd Defendants (“PCS2D3D”)
at para 27.

(b) the Receivers had no basis to believe that the persons who signed the
Notices of Appointment did in fact have the requisite authority; 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

PCS2D3D at paras 32–33.

(c) the Receivers knew that they were unjustifiably appointed on the basis of
a draft valuation report. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

PCS2D3D at para 35.

The Receivers could only speculate (as was the case in Batrouney v Forster (No
2) [2015] VSC 541 (“Batrouney”)) that the final valuation report would be
identical to the draft; 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Plaintiffs’ Reply Submissions against the 2nd and 3rd Defendants (“PRS2D3D”)
at paras 17 and 23.

(d) the Receivers wanted to conceal that they had a letter as of 31 October
2019 (“31 October 2019 Letter”), which was a duplicate of what they sent out
on 4 November 2019 (“4 November 2019 Letter”), which means that as of 31
October 2019, the Receivers already knew what the 1st defendant’s solicitor’s
(Harry Elias Partnership LLP (“HEP”)) letter of 31 October 2019 (“HEP 31
October 2019 Letter”) would state; 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

PCS2D3D at para 40.

and

(e) Mr Akhtar accepted that certain paragraphs in the 4 November 2019 Letter
amounted to the Receivers taking a positive position on the merits of the HEP
31 October 2019 Letter. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

PCS2D3D at para 42.

The Receivers created misimpressions, inaccuracies and false exaggerations to
advance the 1st defendant’s interests

150 The plaintiffs’ second submission is that the Receivers created
misimpressions, inaccuracies and false exaggerations to advance the 1st
defendant’s interests:

(a) the Receivers misrepresented to the plaintiffs’ directors in their letter
dated 23 October 2019 (“23 October 2019 Letter”) that the 14-day period for
submission under s 223 of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) (“Companies
Act”) runs from the date of the letter, which was wrong because the notices
were only served on the company a day after the date of the letter; 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

PCS2D3D at para 43.

(b) the Receivers misrepresented to Nishiki TMK and six Japanese banks (who
were lenders with first priority over the charged assets (“Japanese
Lenders”)), when they informed them that records under the Accounting and
Corporate Regulatory Authority (“ACRA”) “confirmed” their appointment as
receivers and that the “record of ACRA makes clear that [the Receivers] have
been validly appointed”. The Receivers gave the impression that ACRA had
accepted that the plaintiffs owed a debt to the 1st defendant and ACRA
accepted the validity of the Receivers’ appointment. This was done to impact
the credit lines of the plaintiffs’ related companies in Japan; 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

PCS2D3D at paras 45–53.

and

(c) the Receivers misrepresented in their letter to UOB dated 3 January 2020,
73

##### Foot Note 73

×

6AB at p 3472.

that the plaintiffs’ directors had no more powers upon the Receivers’
appointment. The letter stated: “Accordingly, all the powers vested with the
Directors of NII including in respect of the management of the Company’s
business are suspended and transferred to the Receivers, since the date of our
appointment.” This was repeated in the letter to Japanese Lenders. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

6AB at p 3492.

The Receivers made demands and threats that had no basis in law

151 The plaintiffs’ third submission is that the Receivers made demands and
threats that had no basis in law:

(a) the Receivers requested for information and full access to inspect
documents against Nishiki TMK and KMC that had no basis under Japanese law; 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

PCS2D3D at para 61.

(b) the Receivers communicated threats of regulatory and criminal liability to
compel the directors to comply with the Receivers’ demands, without evidence
that the requirements for liability had been met; 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

PCS2D3D at para 64.

and

(c) the Receivers made indiscriminate requests for NH’s share certificates and
share transfer forms when they had most of the documents. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

PCS2D3D at para 67.

Adverse Inference

152 Finally, the plaintiffs submit that adverse inferences should be drawn
against the Receivers pursuant to s 116 of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev
Ed), 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

PCS2D3D at para 84.

as there was incomplete disclosure of documents. This was due to the
defendants’ insistence of issue estoppel arising from the decision in HC/ORC
6221/2020, their assertion of litigation privilege on communications between
the 1st defendant and the Receivers, and Mr Akhtar’s failure to inform the
Court that he refused to sign an access letter sent by HL China to the 1st
defendant (“Access Letter”). 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

PCS2D3D at paras 72–85.

Mr Tchen testified that prior to HL China inserting into their 13 November
2019 Report that the Receivers may not rely on the report “without our prior
written consent”, 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

NE 1 September 2021 at p 129.

HL China had sent the Access Letter to the 1st defendant, which stated that
the Receivers could not place reliance on the HL China Valuation Report. The
1st defendant replied to the valuers, saying that the Receivers were not going
to sign it. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

PRS2D3D at para 24.

153 The plaintiffs submit that adverse inferences should be drawn against the
Receivers that the Receivers knew that nothing in the debentures allowed them
to be appointed as receivers on the basis of draft valuation reports, but
agreed to be appointed anyway, that the Receivers and the 1st defendant were
coordinating the Receivers’ efforts to secure payment as soon as possible and
that they took steps to conceal such coordination. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

PRS2D3D at para 86.

The Receivers’ case

Adverse Inference

154 The Receivers note that in HC/SUM 3278/2020 for discovery (“SUM 3278”),
the plaintiffs sought the following: 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

2nd and 3rd Defendant’s Closing Submissions (“2D3DCS”) at paras 26–27.

(a) Amended Category 1: All documents and correspondence between the 1st
defendant and the Receivers leading up to the appointment of the Receivers;
and (b) Amended Category 2: All internal documents and correspondence between
the Receivers and PKF-Cap Advisory Partners Pte Ltd in relation to their
appointment and matters related to the suit (collectively, the “SUM 3278
Communications”). The assistant registrar (“AR”) did not allow the discovery
request and found the request to be a fishing expedition. The AR held that the
correspondence between the Receivers and the 1st defendant were covered by
litigation privilege, while the internal documents sought against the
Receivers were covered by litigation privilege and, where applicable, legal
advice privilege. The plaintiffs’ appeal against the AR’s decision was heard
by Justice Chua Lee Ming on 4 November 2020 and was dismissed.

155 The Receivers submit that there is hence no basis to draw any adverse
inference. The documents were not disclosed because of the plaintiffs’
(failed) discovery application. In Sudha Natrajan v The Bank of East Asia Ltd
[2017] 1 SLR 141, the court held at [20]–[21] that an adverse inference should
not be drawn where the failure to produce evidence is reasonably attributable
to reasons other than the merits of the case or the issue in question. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

2D3DCS at para 50.

156 In any event, the plaintiffs are estopped from challenging the disclosure
of such documents. Parties cannot seek to re-litigate the same issues that
were “fundamental and not merely collateral” to the earlier decision: Goh
Nellie v Goh Lian Teck and others [2007] 1 SLR(R) 453 (“Goh Nellie”) at
[34]–[35]. Decisions made in interlocutory applications are likewise regarded
as final and conclusive judgments on the relevant issues: TMT Asia Ltd v BHP
Billiton Marketing AG (Singapore Branch) and another [2019] 2 SLR 710 (“TMT
Asia Ltd”) at [25]–[26]. In accordance with the principle of res judicata, the
plaintiffs are bound by the court’s findings that the SUM 3278 Communications
are privileged and not relevant, and are not entitled to re-litigate the
issue. A party has to show that the cross-examination relates to “relevant
facts”. If such communications have already been found to be irrelevant or are
privileged in the context of the specific discovery applications, such
communications should not be issues for cross-examination. The plaintiffs have
not pointed to any change of circumstances from the time of the specific
discovery applications. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

2D3DCS at paras 51–53.

157 The Receivers note that Mr Tchen confirmed on the stand that he has never
met or communicated with the Receivers, and he did not know whether the Access
Letter was provided by the 1st defendant to the Receivers. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

2D3DCS at para 73.

The Receivers failed to take basic steps for due diligence/independent
assessment

158 In respect of the plaintiffs’ submission that the Receivers failed to take
basic steps for due diligence, the Receivers contend that:

(a) the plaintiffs’ suggestion that the Receivers did not review the Security
Documents before accepting appointment, was only raised for the first time at
trial. In any event, Mr Akhtar confirmed that he had received the Security
Documents from the 1st defendant before he was appointed as a receiver; 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

2D3DCS at para 60.

(b) the plaintiffs’ pleaded case never took issue with the formalities of the
Notices of Appointment. This was only raised in the midst of trial. Had this
been pleaded, the 1st defendant could have produced the relevant documents to
respond to any such allegations. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

2D3DCS at paras 63–64.

In any event, Mr Akhtar confirmed that the Receivers were informed by the 1st
defendant that the Notices of Appointment would be signed by authorised
signatories. The 1st defendant also confirmed that the signatories on the
Notices of Appointment were all authorised signatories. The plaintiffs had the
chance to cross-examine Mr Garfield on the authority of the persons who signed
the Notices of Appointment but chose not to do so; 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

2D3DCS at paras 65–66.

and

(c) the 4 November 2019 Letter does not make a judgment of the merits. It
simply said that based on the Notices of Appointment, receivers are duly
appointed, and they have to discharge their duties. Neither does the 31
October 2019 duplicate of the 4 November 2019 Letter demonstrate collusion.
The Receivers’ response was prepared on 31 October 2019 but it was not sent
out until Mr Akhtar signed and issued it on 4 November 2019. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

2D3DCS at paras 134–139.

159 The Receivers submit that the plaintiffs have not pleaded that the
Receivers owe any specific duties to make any inquiries of the 1st defendant
as regards the underlying debt. At trial, the plaintiffs confirmed that this
is not their case. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

2D3DCS at para 56.

The Receivers were entitled to rely on the 1st defendant’s position that the
debt fell due in accordance with the Loan Agreement. It was not for them to
question the 1st defendant on matters which fall outside the Receivers’ scope
of duties. The Receivers submit that as long as a receiver is acting in good
faith when exercising the powers vested in him, a receiver is “entitled and
indeed obliged to give priority to the interests of the mortgagee” (ie, the
debenture holder) in securing repayment. Further, the receiver (while acting
in good faith) “must” in fact look to the interests of the mortgagee (ie, the
1st defendant), even if that causes damage to the mortgagor (ie, the
plaintiffs). 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

2D3DCS at paras 101–102.

The Receivers created misimpressions, inaccuracies and false exaggerations to
advance the 1st defendant’s interests

160 In respect of the plaintiffs’ submission that the Receivers created
misimpressions, inaccuracies and false exaggerations to advance the 1st
defendant’s interests, the Receivers submit the following:

(a) the 23 October 2019 Letter was delivered to the two directors of the
plaintiffs and both of them admitted receipt. The directors only submitted the
Statement of Affairs after the court’s orders in HC/OS 611/2021 were made, and
after the trial, on 29 September 2021. Whether the directors received the
notices of appointment on 23 October 2019, or a few days later, is beside the
point;

(b) both directors did not say that they were misinformed as to the statutory
requirements. Their evidence is that they were instructed by Mr Matsuda not to
submit the Statement of Affairs and they did not pursuant to those
instructions; 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

2D3DCS at para 115.

(c) there was no conscious intention or attempt to mislead through the
Receivers’ letters to Nishiki TMK and the Japanese Lenders. Mr Akhtar
explained that it was important for the Receivers to understand whether the
Japanese banks had any concerns. In any event, Nishiki TMK and the Japanese
Lenders were well apprised of the plaintiffs’ position. The plaintiffs have
not pleaded any prejudice to their credit lines or loss arising from the
Receivers’ letters to the Japanese Lenders; and

(d) the Receivers did not misrepresent the extent of their powers. If a
receiver is given powers to manage the company’s business, that “must be to
the exclusion of the directors”. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

2D3DCS at paras 121–127.

The Receivers made demands and threats that had no basis in law

161 In respect of the plaintiffs’ submission that the Receivers made demands
and threats that had no basis in law, the Receivers submit the following:

(a) neither Ms Zhang or Mr Horikawa suggested that they were threatened or
felt compelled to comply with the Receivers’ demands. The onus is on the
directors to submit the Statement of Affairs; 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

2D3DCS at paras 141–147.

(b) the plaintiffs have not pleaded any matters of Japanese law regarding the
Receivers’ requests to Nishiki TMK and KMC for information nor adduced
evidence of such; 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

2D3DCS at para 150.

and

(c) the Receivers had explained that they demanded for the share certificates
because they only had sight of the share certificates for the one Singapore
dollar share held by NH in each of NRE and NII, but not the shares in Japanese
yen.

My decision

The Receivers did not fail to take basic steps for due diligence/independent
assessment

162 I find that the plaintiffs have not established that the Receivers failed
to take basic steps for due diligence or independent assessment.

163 The plaintiffs’ case is not that there is no evidence that the Receivers
reviewed the Security Documents before accepting appointment, but that there
is no documentary evidence of such. However, this was never part of their
pleaded case. Neither the 1st defendant nor the Receivers had the opportunity
to produce the necessary documents to respond to this allegation. The first
time the plaintiffs raised it was during the cross-examination of Mr Akhtar,
who testified that he did receive the Security Documents from the 1st
defendant before being appointed as receiver. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

NE 20 August 2021 at p 46; NE 24 August 21 at p 107.

I find Mr Akhtar to be a credible witness and accept his evidence on this.

164 Similarly, the plaintiffs’ case that there were issues with the
formalities of the Notices of Appointment was never pleaded. Neither the 1st
defendant nor the Receivers had the opportunity to produce the necessary
documents to respond to this allegation. Moreover, it was the evidence of the
1st defendant’s Mr Garfield that the Receivers were properly appointed. This
was in his AEIC at paras 21–22. It was also his testimony on the stand that
all the formalities for appointment of the Receivers were complied with. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

NE 19 August 2021 at p 79.

If the plaintiffs had issues with the specific authority of the persons who
signed the Notices of Appointment, they could have asked Mr Garfield when he
was on the stand, but they chose not to do so.

165 The plaintiffs’ allegation that the Receivers failed to make sufficient
inquiries as to the underlying debt is again, not part of their pleaded case.
It is also contrary to a position that they took at trial through their
counsel, who stated that the plaintiffs “are not saying that there was a duty
on the part of the receivers to go and investigate more”. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

NE 2 September 2021 at p 6.

The plaintiffs also accepted that the dispute over the Additional Interest and
whether the Loan Agreement should be set aside, were issues between the
plaintiffs and the 1st defendant, and the subject matter of the trial.

166 That the Additional Interest was calculated by the 1st defendant on the
basis of a draft valuation report does not change this for the Receivers. This
is unlike Batrouney, which the plaintiffs cited. There, the court held that it
was inappropriate for the receivers of a law firm to bring proceedings against
Mr Forster, the law firm’s former principal, without ascertaining to whom the
moneys were due and despite being advised by Deloitte that nothing was owing
by Mr Forster to the clients. In this case, the 1st defendant’s position as
lender, was that the debt was due and quantified on the basis of the draft
valuation report, which was done in accordance with the Loan Agreement. The
Loan Agreement only requires the Appraiser to make a determination. It does
not require a written report or a final report. The 1st defendant had also
informed the Receivers that the numbers in the final valuation report would
not change, 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

NE 20 August 2021 pp 52 and 61.

and they did not change. The Receivers were entitled to rely on the
instructions by the lender, the 1st defendant. I note that it was open to the
plaintiffs to take out any interim relief or injunction to restrain the
receivership, but they did not do so for close to two years since the
receivership commenced on 18 October 2019.

167 Neither do the correspondence relied on by the plaintiffs show
recklessness or collusion on the part of the Receivers. The 4 November 2019
Letter 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

6AB at p 3330.

simply states that based on the Notices of Appointment, 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

6AB at pp 3068–3070.

the Receivers were duly appointed. The Notices of Appointment from the 1st
defendant to the Receivers stated, inter alia, that the plaintiffs’ failure to
make payment of the Additional Interest constitutes a breach of obligations
entitling the 1st defendant to appoint a Receiver pursuant to Section 5 of the
Security. Thus, the 4 November 2019 Letter does not indicate that the
Receivers took a position on the Additional Interest or took sides.

168 The 31 October 2019 duplicate of the Receivers’ 4 November 2019 Letter
also does not demonstrate collusion between them and the 1st defendant. HEP
are the solicitors for the 1st defendant. The Receivers were entitled to see
HEP’s reply to the plaintiffs, which sets out the 1st defendant’s position,
before issuing their letter to the plaintiffs.

169 Moreover, as set out in Gabriel Moss and Gavin Lightman, Lightman & Moss
on the Law of Administrators and Receivers of Companies (Sweet & Maxwell, 6th
Ed, 2017) (“Lightman & Moss”) at para 13-008, “provided [the receiver] acts in
good faith, when deciding whether and, if so, how to exercise powers vested in
him, a receiver is likewise entitled and indeed obliged to give priority to
the interests of the mortgagee in securing repayment.” The touchstone is thus
whether the Receivers acted in good faith. Lightman & Moss at para 13-009 to
13-010 also sets out that:

Breach of the duty of good faith involves something more than negligence or
even gross negligence: it requires some dishonesty, or improper motive, some
element of bad faith, to be established. …

Reckless indifference to the rights or interests of others or shutting one’s
eyes deliberately to the consequences of one’s actions may suffice to
establish dishonesty or bad faith. … [I]f the decision lay outside the range
which the court thought might be arrived at by a reasonable commercial man,
this might provide some evidence that the decision was not taken in good
faith.

170 After assessing the plaintiffs’ submissions and the evidence, I find that
the plaintiffs have not shown that the Receivers did not act in good faith.

The Receivers did not create misimpressions, inaccuracies and false
exaggerations, to advance the 1st defendant’s interests

171 I find that the plaintiffs have not established that the Receivers created
misimpressions, inaccuracies and false exaggerations to advance the 1st
defendant’s interests.

172 The plaintiffs’ case is that the 23 October 2019 Letter wrongly stated
that the 14-day period under s 223 of the Companies Act runs from the date of
the letter, when the statutory period actually runs 14 days after the company
receives the notice of appointment. The 23 October 2019 Letter was only
received by Ms Zhang on 24 October 2019. However, it is undisputed that:

(a) The only two directors of the plaintiffs received the notices and one of
them, Mr Horikawa, received it by email on the same day of the 23 October 2019
Letter.

(b) The Receivers’ staff visited the plaintiffs’ premises on the day the
notices were issued. No one was in the office. They visited again the next day
on 24 October 2019 and Ms Zhang acknowledged receipt.

(c) Neither Ms Zhang nor Mr Horikawa said that they were at all misled as to
the statutory period of filing. Their evidence was that they were instructed
by Mr Matsuda not to comply with the requirements to submit the Statement of
Affairs. They therefore did not. The Statement of Affairs was only submitted
on 29 September 2021 after orders were made in HC/OS 611/2021.

173 I accept Mr Akhtar’s evidence that the intent was for delivery of the
letter on 23 October 2019 and hence the letter was worded as it was. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

NE 20 August 2021 at p 85.

Taking into consideration all the circumstances, I find no intent on the part
of the Receivers to wrongly gain a marginal advantage of an earlier filing by
one day, nor was there misimpression created on the part of the plaintiffs.

174 Neither do I find the plaintiffs’ emphasis on the Receivers’ use of
“confirmed” when communicating with Nishiki TMK and the Japanese Lenders, to
be persuasive. I do not find that by stating that ACRA had “confirmed” the
Receivers’ appointment as receivers and that the “record of ACRA makes clear
that [the Receivers] have been validly appointed”, the Receivers were
intending to give the misimpression that ACRA had accepted that a debt was
owed by the plaintiffs to the 1st defendant. In any event, the plaintiffs had
discussed with Nishiki TMK and the Japanese Lenders after the Receivers sent
their letter. The plaintiffs have not pleaded any risk of prejudice to their
credit lines, nor have they surfaced evidence of any loss arising from the
Receivers’ letters to the Japanese Lenders.

175 The plaintiffs also submitted that there was misrepresentation by the
Receivers in their letters to UOB and the Japanese Lenders by stating that all
the directors’ powers over the charged assets now vested in the Receivers
rather than in the directors. However, beyond a suggestion that this may have
been to prevent the banks from withholding information from the Receivers, 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

PCS2D3D at para 60.

the plaintiffs were unable to show how the banks were in any way misinformed
arising from this, or what they did as a result of such alleged
misrepresentation.

The Receivers did not make demands and threats that had no basis in law

176 I find that the plaintiffs have not established that the Receivers made
demands and threats that had no basis in law.

177 The plaintiffs claim that the Receivers should have sought Japanese law
advice prior to making requests from Nishiki TMK and KMC. However, they have
not pleaded any matters of Japanese law nor adduced any evidence of such.

178 The plaintiffs also claim that there was no evidence that the requirements
for liability had been met as the requisite notice had not been served on the
plaintiffs. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

PCS2D3D at paras 64 and 43.

However, as set out above, both directors of the plaintiffs acknowledged
receipt of the notice – Mr Horikawa, on the day the letter was dated and Ms
Zhang, on the next day (see [172] above). Mr Akhtar’s evidence was that the
letter was drafted as such because the intent was to serve it on the same day.
I do not find this to be a threat to gain a marginal advantage of one day in
the filing of the Statement of Affairs.

179 Neither do I find the Receivers’ demand for NH’s share certificates and
share transfer forms to be a threat. I accept the Receivers’ explanation that
they demanded for the share certificates because they only had sight of the
share certificates for the one Singapore dollar share held by NH in each of
NRE and NII, but not the shares in Japanese yen.

No basis for Adverse Inference

180 I find no basis to draw an adverse inference against the Receivers. The
plaintiffs’ requests for the SUM 3278 Communications were considered by the AR
in SUM 3278. The AR held that the correspondence between the Receivers and the
1st defendant were covered by litigation privilege, while the internal
documents sought against the Receivers were covered by litigation privilege
and, where applicable, legal advice privilege. I also note that the AR found
the plaintiffs’ request to be a “fishing expedition”. The plaintiffs’ appeal
was heard by Justice Chua Lee Ming on 4 November 2020 and dismissed. In other
words, the documents were not disclosed because the plaintiffs failed in their
application for disclosure, including their appeal. Cross-examination on what
the court had already found to be privileged in SUM 3278, would not be
appropriate.

181 I find that the plaintiffs are in any event, estopped from challenging the
disclosure of such documents. I agree with the authorities cited by the
Receivers: see Goh Nellie and TMT Asia Ltd.

182 The plaintiffs rely on Singapore Civil Procedure at para 24/5/5, which
cites Banque Cantonale Vaudoise v Fujitrans (Singapore) Pte Ltd [2007] 1
SLR(R) 570 for the proposition that “[t]here is no question of issue estoppel
even where the categories of documents sought in a discovery application
mirror or are wider than those unsuccessfully sought in a prior discovery
application. An applicant is entitled to a second application for discovery as
long as he can show the court changed circumstances which warrant the
discovery of documents previously denied to him” [emphasis added]. However,
the plaintiffs have not shown any changed circumstances to warrant a second
application. In Transpac Capital Pte Ltd v Lam Soon (Thailand) Co Ltd [1999] 3
SLR (R) 454 (“Transpac Capital”), the court noted at [26] that while an
interlocutory judgment can contain a determination which is final for estoppel
purposes, the ultimate question is not so much whether the earlier decision
was final or interlocutory, but whether in the circumstances it is reasonable
to regard the earlier decision as a final determination of the issue which one
of the parties now wishes to raise. The plaintiffs here have not shown that in
the circumstances, it is reasonable to regard the earlier decision (including
the dismissal of the plaintiffs’ appeal by the High Court) as anything other
than a final determination.

183 The plaintiffs refer to Mr Tchen’s testimony as an example of changed
circumstances and how the plaintiffs may have been prejudiced. But Mr Tchen
himself confirmed during cross-examination that he has never met or
communicated with the Receivers, and that he did not know as a matter of fact
whether or not the Access Letter was provided to the Receivers. There is hence
no evidence that Mr Akhtar did receive the Access Letter. The plaintiffs did
not apply to re-examine any of the 1st defendant’s witnesses or Mr Akhtar on
this point but chose to leave it as that. In any event, the draft HL China
Valuation Report in March 2019 had already contained a disclaimer that it “may
not be relied upon by any other person or entity”, while the disclaimer
against use of the valuation report by the “receivers” is found in the final
HL China Valuation Report dated 13 November 2019. These reports were available
to the plaintiffs before the trial. If the plaintiffs regarded such a
disclaimer as a basis to attack the Receivers’ appointment or exercise of
their duty, they could have done so on that basis, even without the Access
Letter, but they did not.

Conclusion on alternative claim against Receivers

184 In conclusion, I find no basis to the plaintiffs’ alternative claim
against the Receivers for failure to discharge their duties in good faith
and/or being biased, and hence dismiss their alternative claim against the
Receivers.

185 The plaintiffs claim that if the receivership is invalid, the Receivers
are liable for trespass and/or wrongful interference. In this case, as found
above, the Receivers were entitled to regard the receivership as valid at the
point of appointment, and the plaintiffs have not shown that the Receivers
failed to discharge their duties in good faith or were biased. Consequently,
the plaintiffs have not established that the Receivers did trespass or engaged
in wrongful interference. The Receivers also submit that the plaintiffs have
not pleaded any alleged loss. Owing to the plaintiffs’ obstructive behaviour,
the Receivers have not even been able to take any meaningful possession over
the charged assets and could not have caused loss. To the extent that the
Receivers exercised any powers pursuant to the directions granted in HC/OS
611/2021, such powers would be exercised to preserve the charged assets and
would not cause any loss to the Plaintiffs. I agree with the Receivers that
the plaintiffs have not pleaded what loss they would suffer arising from the
Receivership nor shown evidence of any such loss. I dismiss the plaintiffs’
claim for damages against the Receivers.

186 The plaintiffs also sought an order for the Receivers to provide an
account of all transactions conducted by the Receivers in relation to the
plaintiffs’ assets and/or interests, as well as an Order that the Receivers
jointly and severally forthwith deliver up and/or transfer possession and/or
title and/or ownership of the plaintiffs’ assets and/or interests and/or the
traceable proceeds of the same. As neither party has submitted on this, I will
hear further submissions on the consequential orders sought.

Conclusion

187 In conclusion, the appointment of HL China as Appraiser and the HL China
Valuation Report is set aside. The appointment of the Receivers is
consequently invalid and void.

188 I will hear parties on costs and any consequential orders.

Kwek Mean Luck  
Judicial Commissioner  
---  
  
Khoo Ching Shin Shem, Ahn Mi Mi and Teo Jia Hui Veronica (Focus Law Asia LLC),
Tham Lijing (Tham Lijing LLC) (instructed) for the first, second and third
plaintiffs;

Lem Jit Min Andy, Selvaratnam Sharmini Sharon and  
Farrah Joelle Isaac (Harry Elias Partnership LLP)  
for the first defendant;

Ong Boon Hwee William and Chua Xinying

(Allen & Gledhill LLP) for the second and third defendants.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 20 Dec 2021 (15:22 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

