Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the APPELLATE DIVISION of the HIGH COURT

OF THE republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC(A) 4

Civil Appeal No 8 of 2021

Between

| New Ping Ping Pauline  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

(1)| Eng’s Noodles House Pte Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| Ng Weng San  
(3)| Teng Chai Hai  
(4)| Ng Mui Hong  
(5)| Ng Mei Ling  
(6)| Eng’s Char Siew Wantan Mee Pte Ltd  
  
… Respondents

In the matter of Suit No 20 of 2019

Between

| New Ping Ping Pauline  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Eng’s Noodles House Pte Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| Ng Weng San  
(3)| Teng Chai Hai  
(4)| Ng Mui Hong  
(5)| Ng Mei Ling  
(6)| Eng’s Char Siew Wantan Mee Pte Ltd  
  
… Defendants

Ex-Tempore Judgment

[Companies] — [Common law derivative action]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
New Ping Ping Pauline and others

  
v

  

Eng’s Noodles House Pte Ltd

[2021] SGHC(A) 4

Appellate Division of the High Court — Civil Appeal No 8 of 2021  
Belinda Ang Saw Ean JAD, Woo Bih Li JAD and Quentin Loh JAD  
19 July 2021

19 July 2021

Woo Bih Li JAD (delivering the judgment of the court ex-tempore):

1 This appeal arises out of the dismissal of the appellant’s claims in HC/S
20/2019 (“Suit 20”) by the Judge below (the “Judge”) in their entirety. In
Suit 20, the appellant, a minority shareholder in the first respondent (the
“Company”), claimed to be acting in a representative capacity for the Company
in bringing claims for, inter alia, (a) unlawful means conspiracy against the
second to sixth respondents, and (b) breach of fiduciary duties owed to the
Company by the second and third respondents. The fourth, fifth, and sixth
respondents counterclaimed against the appellant in the tort of passing off
below, but have not appealed the Judge’s dismissal of the counterclaim.

The Facts

2 The appellant (also referred to as “Pauline”) is a 47.5% shareholder of the
first respondent, Eng’s Noodles House Pte Ltd (defined earlier as the
“Company”). She is the wife of one Jason Sim Chong Ang (“Jason”), and it is
not in contention that her shares in the Company were held as a “nominee
shareholder” for Jason. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Appellant’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief (“AEIC”) at [17].

3 The Company was incorporated on 27 February 2012 as a collaboration between
the late Mr Ng Ba Eng (“Mr Ng”) and Jason. Mr Ng, who had up to that point run
a successful wanton noodles stall at Dunman Street, had been approached by
Jason, a businessman, who had proposed the collaboration. Mr Ng agreed, and
the Company eventually commenced operations at 287 Tanjong Katong Road (the
“287 Premises”). At the point of incorporation, Jason’s wife, ie, Pauline, and
Mr Ng’s son, ie, the second respondent (“Desmond”), were the sole shareholders
and directors. Pauline and Desmond each held one share in the Company, which
had a share capital of $2.00.

4 The third respondent (“Bill”) was an employee at one of Jason’s companies,
Jason Parquet Specialists Pte Ltd. In early 2012, Jason introduced Bill to
Desmond. Bill did not know Desmond and the Ng family prior to that point.
Following Jason’s introduction, Bill joined the Company to assist in accounts
and finances on a part-time basis. Following the issuance of additional shares
on 12 August 2015, Pauline and Desmond had their shareholdings reduced to
47.5% each, while Bill received 5% of the Company’s shares.

5 The fourth and fifth respondents (“Mui Hong” and “Mei Ling” respectively)
are Desmond’s sisters. Mui Hong is older than Desmond, while Mei Ling is
younger. Mui Hong and Mei Ling each hold 50% of the shares in the sixth
respondent, Eng’s Char Siew Wantan Mee Pte Ltd (“Eng’s Char Siew”) and have
been the sole directors of Eng’s Char Siew since its incorporation on 5 March
2018.

6 Given their relevance to the appeal and the potential for confusion given
the similar names, it is helpful at the outset to address the distinctions
between the Company (Eng’s Noodles House Pte Ltd), Eng’s Char Siew, and a non-
party, Eng’s Wantan Noodle Pte Ltd (“Eng’s Wantan”). While all three companies
were/are in the business of selling wanton noodles, a number of distinctions
are pertinent:

(a) First, the Company was incorporated on 27 February 2012, whereas Eng’s
Wantan was incorporated on 28 February 2018, and Eng’s Char Siew was
incorporated on 5 March 2018.

(b) Second, the Company’s shareholders after the issuance of additional shares
on 12 August 2015 were Desmond (47.5%), Pauline (47.5%), and Bill (5%). Eng’s
Char Siew is owned in equal shares by Mui Hong and Mei Ling although Pauline
suggests that Desmond is involved in its business. By contrast, Eng’s Wantan
is, as Pauline herself accepts, in reality owned by the Lao Huo Tang Group, 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Transcript of 21 July 2020, Page 31, Lines 18 to 24.

which is in turn run by one Thomas Hong, a friend of Jason’s. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Appellant’s AEIC at [56].

.

(c) Third, the Company’s premises for business (until its cessation of
business on 28 February 2018) was at the 287 Premises. It is not in contention
that Eng’s Wantan now occupies the 287 Premises for business and has done so
since about May 2018. Eng’s Char Siew, on the other hand, has occupied the
premises at 248/250 Tanjong Katong Road (the “248 Premises”) since it opened
for business in May 2018.

The absence of Eng’s Wantan as a party in Suit 20 is significant because it is
alleged that Pauline and Jason are involved in it, and have aided it. We will
consider the position of Pauline and Jason vis-à-vis Eng’s Wantan, and the
relevance of that relationship, in greater detail below.

Issues

7 On appeal, the appellant argues, contrary to the Judge’s findings:

(a) First, that all the requisite elements of unlawful means conspiracy to
injure the Company are made out against the second to sixth respondents;

(b) Second, that Desmond and Bill had in fact breached their fiduciary duties
to the Company, and in particular that Desmond’s breach of his fiduciary
duties ought to sound in damages; and

(c) Third, that the Judge erred in finding that Pauline was not entitled to
rely on a common law derivative action to bring her claims in Suit 20, and
which are the subject of the present appeal.

While Pauline sets out her arguments on appeal in the order set out above, it
is apparent that the entirety of the appeal hinges on point (c). If Pauline is
not in fact entitled to rely on a common law derivative action to bring her
claims, then all the rest of her arguments on appeal are academic, because she
would then not be permitted to bring the claims in unlawful means conspiracy
and for breach of fiduciary duty on behalf of the Company.

The Common Law Derivative Action

The Law

8 An issue was raised as to whether Pauline was required to obtain leave to
bring a common law derivative action and if so, at what stage should leave be
considered. It is not necessary for us to address the leave issue because, as
we elaborate below, the action fails because it is not filed in good faith in
the interest of the Company. There are three substantive requirements for
relying on a common law derivative action, as set out by Steven Chong J (as he
then was) in Sinwa SS (HK) Co Ltd v Nordic International Ltd and another
[2016] 4 SLR 320 (“Sinwa SS”) at [12]:

(a) First, it must be proved that the company is entitled, prima facie, to the
relief claimed. This means that the plaintiff must show that the company has a
reasonable or legitimate case against the defendant for which the company may
recover damages or otherwise obtain relief: [Sinwa SS (HK) Co Ltd v Morten
Innhaug [2010] 4 SLR 1] at [21].

(b) Next, the action must fall within the proper boundaries of the exceptions
to the rule in Foss v Harbottle (1843) 2 Hare 461; 67 ER 189. The rule is
that, in any action in which a wrong is alleged to have been done to a
company, the proper plaintiff is the company itself (see Prudential Assurance
Co Ltd v Newman Industries Ltd (No 2) [1982] Ch 204 at 210–211). The only true
exception to the rule is “fraud on the minority” which applies when the
alleged wrongdoer has committed a “fraud” against the company and is himself
in control of the company. As it is not in dispute that this exception applies
in the present case, I will comment no further on the controversies
surrounding the definition of “fraud” in this context as elucidated by Andrew
Ang J in [Sinwa SS (HK) Co Ltd v Morten Innhaug [2010] 4 SLR 1 (at [49]–[55]].

(c) Finally, in exercising its discretion whether to grant leave to commence a
derivative action, the court will consider if the action is bona fide in the
best interest of the company rather than for some ulterior or purely self-
serving purpose (see [Sinwa SS (HK) Co Ltd v Morten Innhaug [2010] 4 SLR 1 at
[69]]. The court, at this stage, will also consider other factors such as any
unreasonable delay in bringing the action (Tan Cheng Han, Walter Woon on
Company Law (Sweet & Maxwell, Rev 3rd Ed, 2009) at para 9.78) and the
availability of any viable alternative remedies (see [Sinwa SS (HK) Co Ltd v
Morten Innhaug [2010] 4 SLR 1] at [61]–[64]; Ting Sing Ning v Ting Chek Swee
[2008] 1 SLR(R) 197 at [30]].

[Emphasis added]

9 Chong J went on at [54] to echo the observation of the Court of Appeal in
Ang Thiam Swee v Low Hian Chor [2013] 2 SLR 340 at [55] in the context of the
statutory derivative action, that “there is an obvious overlap between the
prima facie threshold [ie, the first stage] and the requirement of good faith,
in that an applicant with an unmeritorious claim will also typically be unable
to demonstrate that he is acting in good faith and for the benefit of the
company” [emphasis added].

The Court’s decision on Pauline’s claims

10 We are satisfied that Pauline cannot be said to have been acting in good
faith in the interest of the Company for the reasons stated below:

11 First, the Company is dormant, and exists as a shell for all intents and
purposes. Its business ceased on or about 28 February 2018, and it has had no
operations since then.

12 Second, to the extent that Pauline suggests that the second to fifth
respondents had appropriated or usurped the Company’s assets or business for
themselves and left the Company for dead, Pauline had done the same thing. The
lease of the 287 Premises was expiring on 15 March 2018. It was held in the
name of Desmond. However, Desmond did not want to sign the new lease as he
wanted Pauline to sign. On 8 January 2018, Bill informed the real estate agent
for the 287 Premises, Jane Wan, that Pauline was to sign the new lease.
However, Pauline expressed surprise. The agent then suggested that the new
lease could be in the Company’s name and that Pauline could sign for the
Company. Pauline did not follow up to ensure that a new lease would be
obtained for the continuation of the Company’s business at the 287 Premises.
Instead, Jason introduced Thomas Hong to Jane Wan, and Eng’s Wantan eventually
secured a lease of the 287 Premises.

13 Thus, although Pauline complained that Desmond and Bill were attempting to
secure the lease of the 287 Premises for their friend, her own husband had in
fact helped Thomas Hong to secure the lease for Eng’s Wantan. It is not
suggested that Pauline was unaware of this manoeuvre. She represented Jason’s
interest at all material times.

14 In the circumstances, it is ironic, to say the least, that the Statement of
Claim states at [23(4)] that: “ As a result of [Desmond’s] deliberate failure
to renew the lease of the Premises before its expiry, the Premises was
eventually rented to a 3rd party to the detriment of the Company…”. As
discussed, the third party who obtained the lease for the 287 Premises was
Eng’s Wantan and not Eng’s Char Siew.

15 Moreover, the involvement of Pauline and Jason in Eng’s Wantan is described
by the Judge as follows:

118 … I agree that on a balance of probabilities, Pauline (together with
Jason) assisted in the set-up of Eng’s Wantan Noodle. First, Pauline admitted
at trial that Jason co-managed Eng’s Wantan Noodle. Second, Pauline’s own
evidence shows that she was involved in setting up Eng’s Wantan Noodle. The
accountants she hired to look into the Company’s finances were told that “the
shareholders [of the Company] have each set up their own respective noodle
house in the vicinity of [the Company’s] location”. Third, Pauline and Jason
were instrumental in the setting up of Eng’s Wantan Noodle. It was Jason who
introduced Thomas to the real estate agent to enable Thomas to secure the
lease for the 287 Premises; it was Jason who “recommended” Mr Law Boon Meng,
the Company’s head chef, to work for Eng’s Wantan Noodle; it was Jason who had
assisted with Eng’s Wantan Noodle’s renovation of the premises; and it was
Pauline who gave Eng’s Wantan Noodle the use of the main operational telephone
number which customers had used to call the Company for six years.

16 It is important to note that while Pauline argued that (a) the
representatives of Eng’s Wantan have not been called as witnesses and there
are gaps in the evidence relating to Eng’s Wantan, 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

See Appellant’s Case at paras 141 and 147.

and that (b) the Judge ought not to speculate about the relationship between
Pauline, Jason, Thomas Hong, and Eng’s Wantan, the fact is that Pauline and
Jason did give evidence. It was for them to refute any evidence marshalled
against them. Besides, beyond the vague assertions mentioned above, the
Appellant’s Case stopped short of challenging the specific findings of the
Judge below about their relationship with Thomas Hong and/or Eng’s Wantan.

17 In so far as Pauline alleged that the telephone number in question was her
own personal number, the point was that it was the number used by customers of
the Company. Furthermore, it was not open to her to complain about Eng’s Char
Siew appropriating the Company’s business when she was assisting Eng’s Wantan
to do the act complained of.

18 Also, while Pauline argued that Eng’s Wantan only became involved after
Desmond and Bill had given up the lease of the 287 Premises, that is untrue
for the following reasons.

19 First, as mentioned, Pauline was asked in January 2018 to sign the lease
for the Company for the new period, but did not do so. Secondly, just as she
argued that any steps taken by the sisters and Desmond were not planned
overnight, then likewise, any step taken by Pauline, Jason, and Thomas Hong
must have been planned before Desmond and Bill allegedly “gave up” the lease.
The Ng family (whether involving only the two sisters mentioned or with
Desmond) on the one hand and Pauline and Jason on the other were each making
their own plans for the eventual situation when the Company was no longer
operating. The difference is that Eng’s Wantan had successfully “usurped” the
lease of the 287 Premises. We understand that Eng’s Wantan is also operating
at other outlets.

20 In the Appellant’s Case, Pauline argued that the second to fifth
respondents were seeking to usurp not only the Company’s business but its
intellectual property as well. Indeed, in her claims below, she had alleged
that the Company was entitled to various intellectual property and sought to
restrain the second to fifth respondents from using intellectual property
allegedly belonging to the Company. The argument arose because a sole
proprietorship belonging to Mui Hong had registered a trade mark on or about 3
October 2017. This was referred to as the Chilli Mark in the proceedings
below. The right side of the mark comprised two chillies with a flame in the
background, while the left side comprised two Chinese characters. The right
side of the mark was used on a signboard of the Company. The two Chinese
characters were used separately on the signboard. The Chilli Mark was assigned
to Eng’s Char Siew subsequently. In addition, Mui Hong also registered other
name marks in the name of Eng’s Char Siew. Two of them have the name “ENG’S”,
and one has the two Chinese characters only (see the Judgment at [41]).
Pauline thus alleged that the second to fifth respondents had usurped the
Company’s assets for themselves.

21 However, it is undisputed that Eng’s Wantan has also been using the “ENG’S”
name as part of its corporate name and the business it is operating. It had
also registered three franchise marks, two of which included the “ENG’S” name
while the third was for “1960 Eng’s Heritage”. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Judgment at [36].

There was no complaint by Pauline that Jason and Thomas were using Eng’s
Wantan to usurp the Company’s assets for themselves.

22 To this end, the appellant was forced to admit the indefensibility of her
position under cross-examination: 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Transcript of 21 July 2020, p 45 lines 5 to 15.

Q: I’m also putting it to you if indeed you were protecting the interests of
the company, you would have also sued Eng’s Wantan Noodle. Do you agree or do
you disagree?

A: Yes.

Q: “Yes” meaning what, Mdm New?

A: It’s a “yes” or “no” question, right?

Q: Yes, do you agree with me that if you were indeed protecting the interests
of the company, you would have also sued Eng’s Wantan Noodle?

A: Yes.

Q: So you agree?

A: Yes.

23 This was a case of the pot calling the kettle black. The appellant’s
absence of good faith is clear, and she was simply trying to bully the second
to fifth respondents into submission. Accordingly, even if the first two
requirements for a common law derivative action were satisfied, the Judge was
justified in finding that the appellant should not be permitted to rely on a
common law derivative action. In the circumstances, the appeal fails in
limine, and there is no need to even consider the first two requirements.

A Licence Agreement and Goodwill

24 We now address an argument of Mui Hong, Mei Ling, and Eng’s Char Siew. In
the proceedings below, they counterclaimed against Pauline for passing off.
They claimed that each member of the Ng family held the right to the goodwill
of the business. There was an oral agreement in which Mr Ng granted a licence
to the Company to use the goodwill of his business and the subject of the
licence agreement included various trade names involving the use of the
“Eng’s” name. However, the Judge found that the counterclaimants had failed to
establish the existence of the licence agreement or their ownership to the
goodwill and dismissed their counterclaim.

25 Although there is no appeal against the decision to dismiss the
counterclaim, the counterclaimants argue before us that the Judge should have
found that a licence had been granted to the Company to use the goodwill and
the trade names, and that the said licence had lapsed. We note that the claim
to goodwill was raised below not only for the counterclaim, but was also the
crux of the second, fourth, fifth, and sixth respondents’ defence below 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Judgment at [129].

. Hence, the absence of an appeal does not preclude these parties from seeking
to support the Judge’s decision in dismissing Pauline’s claims by relying on
the licence agreement. Nevertheless, in the light of what we have said about
the absence of good faith on Pauline’s part, the existence of the licence
agreement is academic and we express no view on it.

26 We add that we understand that there are disputes on intellectual property
rights pertaining to the marks registered by Mui Hong, whether for herself or
Eng’s Char Siew. These disputes will have to be resolved by the relevant
officer, tribunal, or court hearing the disputes.

Miscellaneous

27 We now mention two miscellaneous points. First, we were surprised that the
same lawyer appeared for the Company and for Bill in the present case, given
that Bill was being sued for wrongs he had ostensibly committed against the
Company. There is a conflict of interest. The Company should have been a
neutral party and, if necessary, represented by an independent lawyer. For the
appeal, Bill is to bear the costs of the representation alone.

28 Second, the Appellant’s Case stated at [118] that “[a] detailed and
impartial analysis [of what transpired in February 2018] would have led [the
Judge] to a different conclusion” [emphasis added]. However, Pauline was not
in fact alleging that the Judge was biased. She appeared to be merely
questioning certain findings of the Judge, but her case had carelessly
suggested that the Judge was partial. If the lack of caution was her lawyer’s,
that will be more unfortunate as words are a lawyer’s tools of trade.

Conclusion

29 The appeal is dismissed.

30 The parties have filed costs schedules. We award costs of the appeal to the
second, fourth, fifth and sixth respondents fixed at $55,000 inclusive of
disbursements and to Bill fixed at $20,000 inclusive of disbursements. The
usual consequential orders apply.

Belinda Ang Saw Ean  
Judge of the Appellate Division| | | Woo Bih Li  
Judge of the Appellate Division  
---|---|---|---  
Quentin Loh  
Judge of the Appellate Division| | |   
  
Yeo Choon Hsien Leslie and Tan Shu Ann, Jolene (Sterling Law Corporation) for
the appellant;

Ong Ziying, Clement, Ning Jie and Leonard Chua Jun Yi (Damodara Ong LLC) for
the first and third respondents;  
Leo Cheng Suan, Teh Ee-Von and Lee Shu Xian (Infinitus Law Corporation) for
the second, fourth, fifth, and sixth respondents.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 19 Jul 2021 (16:18 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

