Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  
THE

high court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC 22

Criminal Case No 11 of 2018

Between

Public Prosecutor

And

Roszaidi bin Osman

judgment

[Criminal Law] — [Statutory offences] — [Misuse of Drugs Act]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  
v

  

Roszaidi bin Osman

[2021] SGHC 22

General Division of the High Court — Criminal Case No 11 of 2018  
Choo Han Teck J  
12 October, 7 December 2020

1 February 2021 Judgment reserved

Choo Han Teck J:

1 On 6 October 2015, the accused (“Roszaidi”) collected a red plastic bag
containing, inter alia, a total of not less than 32.54g of diamorphine (“the
Drugs”). Roszaidi then handed the Drugs to his Wife, Azidah bte Zainal
(“7Azidah”). Subsequently, Roszaidi was charged under s 5(1)(a) of the Misuse
of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed) (“MDA”) for trafficking in the Drugs. On
21 January 2019, I found Roszaidi guilty of the charge against him. As the
issue of whether Roszaidi qualified for the alternative sentencing regime
under s 33B of the MDA was not raised before me, I sentenced Roszaidi to the
mandatory death penalty pursuant to s 33 of the MDA.

2 Roszaidi appealed against both his conviction and sentence in Criminal
Appeal No 2 of 2019 (“CA 2”). Roszaidi also filed Criminal Motion No 17 of
2019 (“CM 17”) seeking leave to rely on a further ground in his appeal against
sentence, namely, that he was eligible for the alternative sentencing regime
under s 33B(1)(b) of the MDA, and should therefore have been sentenced to life
imprisonment.

3 The Court of Appeal dismissed Roszaidi’s appeal against conviction. As
regards Roszaidi’s appeal against sentence, the Court of Appeal allowed CM 17
because it found that the evidence (a) established that Roszaidi was a mere
courier within the meaning of s 33B(3)(a) of the MDA, and (b) provided a
sufficient basis to think that Roszaidi could come within the ambit of s
33B(3)(b) of the MDA, so as to justify taking additional evidence (see
Mohammad Azli bin Mohammad Salleh v Public Prosecutor and another appeal and
other matters [2020] 1 SLR 1374 (“CA Judgment”) at [26]). Consequently, the
Court of Appeal directed the parties to file additional evidence in the form
of psychiatric reports prior to the hearing of CA 2. After perusing the
additional evidence, the Court of Appeal observed that there were
disagreements between the parties’ experts and that their reports “raise[d] as
many questions as they answered” (CA Judgment at [39]). It therefore remitted
the following questions to me for additional evidence to be taken pursuant to
s 392(1) of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed):

(a) What precisely were the abnormalities of mind that Roszaidi was suffering
from at the material time?

(b) Do the relevant abnormalities arise from a condition of arrested or
retarded development of mind, or any inherent causes, and/or are they induced
by disease or injury?

(c) Did the relevant abnormalities substantially impair Roszaidi’s mental
responsibility for his acts and omissions?

4 These three questions mirror the three requirements that an accused must
prove on a balance of probabilities in order to satisfy the exception on
diminished responsibility under s 33B(3)(b) of the MDA, namely:

(a) first, the accused was suffering from an abnormality of mind;

(b) second, the abnormality of mind

(i) arose from a condition of arrested or retarded development of mind,

(ii) arose from any inherent cause, or

(iii) was induced by disease or injury; and

(c) third, the abnormality of mind substantially impaired the accused’s mental
responsibility for his acts and omissions in relation to his offence (see
Nagaenthran a/l K Dharmalingam v Public Prosecutor and another appeal [2019] 2
SLR 216 (“Nagaenthran”) at [21]).

5 Incidentally, these are the same requirements that apply to the partial
defence of diminished responsibility for the offence of murder under Exception
7 to s 300 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed).

6 The Prosecution’s expert was Dr Bharat Saluja (“Dr Saluja”), a Consultant
Psychiatrist who formerly worked for the forensic department at the Institute
of Mental Health (“IMH”) and is currently the head of the Young Persons Mental
Health Services for Monash Health in Melbourne. The Defence’s expert was Dr
Jacob Rajesh (“Dr Rajesh”), a Senior Consultant Psychiatrist in Promises
(Winslow) Clinic and a Senior Consultant Psychiatrist in the Singapore Prison
Service since October 2015. Dr Rajesh was also formerly employed by the IMH.

7 Dr Saluja and Dr Rajesh agree that the accused suffered from two recognised
mental disorders, namely (a) major depressive disorder (“MDD”) and (b) mental
and behavioural disorder due to dependence of multiple substances (“substance
use disorder”), at the time of his commission of the offence. It is undisputed
that both of these disorders constituted “abnormalities of mind” and thus
satisfy the first requirement set out in Nagaenthran.

8 The experts are further agreed that the accused’s MDD was an abnormality of
mind that arose from an inherent cause. As such, the second requirement in
Nagaenthran is also satisfied insofar as the accused’s MDD is concerned.
However, the experts differ on their assessment of whether Roszaidi’s
substance use disorder satisfies the second requirement in Nagaenthran. Dr
Saluja’s assessment was that Roszaidi’s substance use disorder did not arise
from a condition of arrested development of mind or any inherent cause, and
was not induced by disease or injury. In contrast, Dr Rajesh opined that the
accused’s MDD had formed the “underlying substrate” for his substance use
disorder, and that the two conditions had operated “synergistic[ally]” to
exacerbate the accused’s overall mental state. Thus, Dr Rajesh’s view is that
the accused’s substance use disorder had, like his MDD, arisen from an
‘inherent cause’.

9 In my view, Dr Saluja’s evidence on this point was to be preferred. There is
no evidence that Roszaidi’s MDD and substance use disorder had operated in a
“synergistic” manner, or that the existence of the latter was contingent on
the former. Notably, Roszaidi had a long-standing history of dependence on
multiple substances, and had begun consuming drugs from age 10 onwards.
However, Dr Saluja observed, and Dr Rajesh did not dispute, that Roszaidi had
only started exhibiting symptoms of MDD from about seven months before the
time of his arrest. Thus, Dr Saluja reasoned that the accused’s MDD was not
likely to be "an additive factor in the sense [of] add[ing] to his resistance
or inability to resist drug-seeking behaviour”. I agree with Dr Saluja’s
analysis. In the premises, there was nothing to show that the accused’s
substance use disorder had arisen from any ‘inherent cause’.

10 The third requirement of Nagaenthran caused the strongest disagreement
between the experts here. Dr Rajesh thinks that Roszaidi’s mental disorders
impaired his rational judgment and thereby substantially impaired his mental
responsibility. According to Dr Rajesh, Roszaidi’s impaired rational judgment
was evident from three factors, namely:

(a) his apparent focus on the short-term benefits of trafficking drugs over
the long-term consequences of being caught;

(b) his overestimation of the threat posed to his life if he did not traffic
the drugs; and

(c) his decision to incriminate his then-pregnant wife by asking her to keep
the Drugs on his behalf.

On the other hand, Dr Saluja was of the view that Roszaidi’s mental
responsibility was not substantially impaired for three primary reasons.
First, based on the medical criteria for a diagnosis of MDD, the accused’s MDD
fell within the category of mild severity. Second, despite his MDD, Roszaidi’s
conduct at the time of his commission of the offence demonstrated that he had
been able to exercise “multiple functions in the brain” such as planning,
executing a plan, and understanding instructions from others. Given that
Roszaidi’s brain had been “functioning in a very organised manner, not just
internally but also involving the external agencies”, it was unlikely that
that Roszaidi’s MDD had had a significant impact on his cognitive ability at
the material time. Third, Dr Saluja observed that Roszaidi had exhibited
similar offending behaviour on previous occasions, and that he had already
been in and out of prison several times in the past for drug consumption and
trafficking. Since there was nothing to show that Roszaidi had been suffering
from MDD when he committed those offences, it was more likely than not that
Roszaidi’s MDD had not contributed to his commission of the offence on 6
October 2015.

11 It is necessary, as a starting point, to identify the facts pertaining to
Roszaidi’s offence which are relevant to the experts’ dispute. Roszaidi’s
evidence at trial was that he had been trafficking drugs for person known as
“Is Cangeh”. Roszaidi claimed that he had agreed do so because (a) he wanted
to be paid for each job; (b) Is Cangeh was his “friend” and he trusted him;
and (c) he would be able to satisfy his drug addiction by “steal[ing] [drugs]
from the packet[s]” that he was trafficking. On the day of his arrest,
Roszaidi had, as per usual, collected the Drugs on Is Cangeh’s instructions.
Upon receiving the Drugs, Roszaidi realised that the bundle was very heavy and
he became “confused and scared”. He then asked his wife, Azidah, who was
pregnant at the time, to “take the [Drugs] and keep [them] for [a]while for
[him]”. Roszaidi, Azidah and several others who had been involved in the
transaction were arrested by Central Narcotics Bureau officers shortly
afterwards.

12 Dr Rajesh testified that it was evident that Roszaidi suffered from
impaired rational judgment because he undertook the dangerous activity of
trafficking simply so that he could consume the drugs that he was asked to
deliver. With respect, however, I agree with Dr Saluja that this choice was in
fact the consequence of an exercise of rational judgment on Roszaidi’s part.
Roszaidi’s evidence — both in his statements as well as in his testimony in
court — revealed that he was aware of the legal penalties of trafficking, but
had nevertheless made a conscious decision to continue trafficking for Is
Cangeh because he believed that its risks were outweighed by its rewards. That
Roszaidi had made such a reasoned choice was evident from his testimony that
he was “willing to take the risk of collecting drugs from strangers because
[he]… wanted to be able to consume a portion of the drugs that [he]
collected”.

13 Dr Rajesh also laid emphasis on Roszaidi’s evidence that he had agreed to
help Is Cangeh traffic the Drugs because he was “confused and scared that [he]
[would] be framed], and that Is Cangeh “would ask his gang to beat [him] up”.
Dr Rajesh opined that in this “panic[ked] state”, Roszaidi may have
overestimated the dangers of trafficking and felt “helpless” and overwhelmed
by his drug addiction and his fear of retribution. In my view, Roszaidi’s fear
of the threat that Is Cangeh posed to his safety was again the result of
rational thinking on his part. In his long statements, Roszaidi explained that
he was aware that Is Cangeh was a member of the ‘369’ gang. Moreover, there
had been a previous incident where Roszaidi had angered Is Cangeh by throwing
away a heavy drug consignment. This resulted in Is Cangeh deducting S$8,000
from Roszaidi’s payment. In these circumstances, it was not illogical for
Roszaidi to assume that Is Cangeh would react more strongly — perhaps even
with physical violence — if Roszaidi were to throw his consignment away for
the second time.

14 In addition, there was nothing to show that Roszaidi’s MDD had caused or
contributed to Roszaidi’s “panic[ked] state”. Given that Roszaidi knew of the
trafficking penalties, it was only natural that he would have felt immense
fear upon realising that the drugs were heavy enough to warrant capital
punishment. Indeed, the fact that Roszaidi had experienced such emotions
underscored his capacity to comprehend and weigh the risks of his conduct.

15 Finally, Dr Rajesh also interpreted Roszaidi’s decision to give the Drugs
to his innocent, heavily-pregnant wife as a sign of his inability to think and
act rationally. However, in my view, this fact alone was not so
“extraordinarily absurd” as to demonstrate that Roszaidi was suffering from
impaired rational judgment. It was equally plausible that Roszaidi passed the
Drugs to his wife because (a) he assumed that she would not get caught; or (b)
he had mistakenly believed that she would get a lighter sentence because she
was pregnant. Indeed, Roszaidi explained in his statements that he had passed
the drugs to his wife because “[h]e thought it was safer than [him] carrying
the drugs and driving around Singapore”.

16 For the above reasons, I do not find Dr Rajesh’s evidence, as well as the
Defence’s submissions, to be persuasive.

17 I turn to consider Dr Saluja’s evidence. Counsel for the Defence, Mr Eugene
Thuraisingam, asserts that Dr Saluja’s evidence “f[ell] short of the rigour
required of experts” because of his failure to provide comprehensive reasons
for the conclusions drawn in his reports. Mr Thuraisingam also argued that Dr
Saluja had taken an excessively narrow approach in assessing Roszaidi’s mental
state by focusing exclusively on Roszaidi’s cognisance of the nature and
wrongness of his acts. Finally, Mr Thuraisingam submits that Dr Saluja’s
reasoning proceeded on the faulty premise that Roszaidi’s previous drug
offences were completely uninfluenced by any mental disorders.

18 I am unable to agree with Mr Thuraisingam’s submissions. First, although Dr
Saluja’s reports were brief and his medical conclusions lacked explanation at
times, Dr Saluja well-able to defend and justify his views during cross-
examination. I thus find that the gaps in Dr Saluja’s medical reports were not
so detrimental to his credibility as to render his evidence unreliable as a
whole. Second, I disagree that Dr Saluja had failed to undertake a holistic
assessment of Roszaidi’s conduct. To the contrary, Dr Saluja had looked at
matters “longitudinally” and had even considered Roszaidi’s psychiatric
history and history of substance abuse in arriving at a view on whether
Roszaidi’s judgment had been impaired at the material time. Dr Saluja also
explored the motivations behind Roszaidi’s decisions and, in so doing, went
beyond merely ascertaining Roszaidi’s capacity to understand the nature of his
acts and to differentiate right from wrong. Finally, as regards Mr
Thuraisingam’s third contention, I note that there was no dispute between the
experts that Roszaidi had only begun to exhibit symptoms of MDD about seven
months prior to his arrest (see [9] above). In fact, it appeared that the
source of this information was Roszaidi himself, as Dr Saluja’s understanding
of Roszaidi’s psychiatric history was derived from his interviews with
Roszaidi while Roszaidi was in remand.

19 Having considered the evidence before me in its totality, I agree with Dr
Saluja that Roszaidi’s ability to execute the tasks that Is Cangeh required of
him evidenced his ability to think in a logical and organised manner. The fact
that Roszaidi may have felt fear and, eventually, remorse as a result of his
actions has no bearing on the question of whether his judgment was impaired at
the material time.

20 In Nagaenthran, the Court of Appeal held that the appellant’s rational
judgment was not impaired simply because he had simply taken a calculated risk
which, contrary to his expectations, had materialised. While “[h]is alleged
deficiency in assessing risks might have made him more prone to engag[ing] in
risk behaviour… [i]t [did] not in any way diminish his culpability” (at [41]).
Likewise, while Roszaidi may have underestimated the risks involved in
delivering the Drugs and passing the Drugs to Azidah, this did not nullify the
fact that he had wilfully chosen to take those risks in order to reap a
reward.

21 In summary, Roszaidi suffered from two abnormalities of mind at the time of
his offence — MDD and substance use disorder. Of these two conditions, only
Roszaidi’s MDD satisfies the second requirement of Nagaenthran as it arose
from an ‘inherent cause’. However, there is insufficient evidence to show that
Roszaidi’s MDD substantially impaired his mental responsibility for his acts
and omissions in relation to his offence. I thus find that Roszaidi does not
satisfy the requirements under s 33B(3)(b) of the MDA and, consequently,
cannot avail himself of the alternative sentencing regime under s 33B(1)(b) of
the MDA.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge of the High Court

Hay Hung Chun, Soh Weiqi and Yan Jiakang (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the
Prosecution;  
Eugene Singarajah Thuraisingam, Suang Wijaya and Johannes Hadi (Eugene
Thuraisingam LLP) for the accused

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 05 Feb 2021 (12:30 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

