Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

IN THE FAMILY JUSTICE COURTS OF THE REPUBLIC OF SINGAPORE

[2021] SGHCF 27

District Court Appeal (Family Division) No 25 of 2021

Between

VLI  
---  
  
… Appellant

And

VLJ  
---  
  
… Respondent

EX TEMPORE JUDGMENT

[Family Law] — [Guardianship] — [Welfare of child]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
VLI

  
v

  

VLJ

[2021] SGHCF 27

General Division of the High Court (Family Division) — District Court Appeal
(Family Division) No 25 of 2021  
Debbie Ong J  
28 July 2021

28 July 2021

Debbie Ong J (delivering the judgment of the court ex tempore):

Background

1 The background facts of this case are summarised in the Grounds of Decision
(“GD”) of the District Judge (“DJ”) for OSG 102/2020 (at [5]–[6], [7]–[8]):

The Wife is a 27-year-old Israeli citizen and an architect by profession. …
The Husband is a 32-year-old Singaporean currently working as a service
engineer. … The parties met in Bangkok sometime in 2019. Shortly after, the
Wife found herself pregnant and she gave birth to the Child in November 2019.
The Husband proposed that the Wife relocate to Singapore and she took up his
offer after meeting with his parents over Chinese New Year in 2020. On 2 April
2020, parties registered their marriage … in Singapore. ... By July 2020, the
marriage broke down. The Husband terminated the lease of a condominium in
Bishan that the Wife was living in and refused to complete the application for
the Wife’s LTVP with the ICA.

2 The Appellant in this appeal (the “Wife”), had sought, pursuant to the
Guardianship of Infants Act (Cap 122, 1985 Rev Ed) (“GIA”) in OSG 102/2020,
the “sole custody care and control of the child, [C], male, born on 1 November
2019 an infant (“the Child”)” as well as other orders (see [3] below).

Issue

3 The crux of this appeal involves the Wife’s application to obtain a Long
Term Visit Pass (“LTVP”) to remain in Singapore. Her prayers in OSG 102/2020
includes the following (ie, prayer 3):

That the Defendant be ordered to reinstate restore or re-apply for the
Plaintiff’s Long Term Visit Pass from the Immigration and Checkpoint Authority
and to do all that is necessary to enable the Plaintiff to obtain the Long
Term Visit Pass.

The DJ’s decision

4 The DJ “dismissed the Wife’s application and made no order as to custody and
care and control of the Child” (GD at [13]). He “declined to make an order for
the Husband to do all that is necessary to enable the Wife to obtain an LTVP”
(GD at [13]). He explained (at [33] of the GD) that he was “not prepared to
read section 3 of the GIA as giving [him] blanket powers under section 5 of
the GIA to make a substantive order directly for the best interest of the
Child, especially since the Wife’s counsel is making this argument in
isolation, independent of the issue of the custody of the Child” [emphasis in
original].

5 In her Appellant’s Case, the Wife argues that the DJ had erred in finding
that it did not have the powers to grant the LTVP Order under s 5 read with s
3 of the GIA, that the Court had erred in finding that it is not in the best
interest of the Child for the Mother to remain employed in Singapore so that
both can continue staying in Singapore, and that the DJ had erred in finding
that the LTVP is the not the most appropriate course of action for the Mother.

My decision

6 I begin by asking the fundamental question: what is the dispute and what is
the remedy provided by the law that the Wife seeks?

7 The present application is made under s 5 of the GIA. Section 5 provides
that a parent or guardian can apply to the court to “make orders as it may
think fit regarding the custody of such infant, the right of access thereto
and the payment of any sum towards the maintenance of the infant and may
alter, vary or discharge such order”.

8 The Wife’s application for an order to compel the Husband to apply for an
LTVP for her is not in itself an application on the custody, access or
maintenance of the child. Hence, she attempts to link her application to
remain in Singapore to the welfare of the child and submits that the court has
powers to make orders that are in the welfare of the child under s 5 of the
GIA.

9 I note that there is little in the Wife’s Appellant’s Case on how this
specific application is tied to the Child’s welfare. She has alluded to the
submission that Singapore is a good place to raise a child and is the country
in which the Child’s father is a citizen. She submits in her Appellant’s Case
that “with the LTVP, there is a better prospect of obtaining employment and an
employment pass and this in turn will go a long way to secure the Child’s
residence in Singapore. … this is in the best interest of the Child”.

10 When asked what s 5 (of the GIA) orders are sought here, the Wife’s counsel
submits that this is an application for custody in s 5 of the GIA and this
specific order is in the best interests of the child. Her counsel also
submitted that the parties had agreed to raise this child in Singapore (at
least before the marriage and its breakdown) and so the child should continue
to have this benefit despite the marital breakdown.

11 In his Respondent’s Case, the Husband submits that if the Wife wishes to
work in Singapore, “she could always have various options “work permit or
employment pass” without the Husband undertaking document given to the
authorities”. The Husband accepts that if the Wife chooses to return to
Israel, the Child will go with her to Israel as well.

12 Indeed I observe that the Wife is seeking a very specific way of obtaining
a status to live in Singapore where the ‘need’ for it, according her counsel’s
submission, is to give her the runway to live in Singapore to look for a job.
Further, this specific way involves certain sponsorship and guarantees by the
Husband, who is no longer willing to take on the responsibility as this
marriage has broken down. I note that the Husband pays a monthly sum for the
maintenance of the Child.

13 Even if it is accepted that the prayer for the LTVP order comes broadly
under an application for custody under s 5 of the GIA, I do not think it
reasonable to seek such an order. The Wife is essentially asking the court to
assist her in obtaining a specific immigration status to remain and work in
Singapore. It appears to be her personal preference to stay and work in
Singapore. It is for the Wife to show how such an order is one that is related
to the custody application such that the order sought is also an appropriate
order that is in the child’s welfare.

14 I observe that the Child himself is an Israeli citizen and not a Singapore
citizen. I remind parties of the remark I had made in UYK v UYJ [2020] SGHCF 9
(at [3]–[4]):

The matter of where one wishes to live, to work or to raise children are
personal decisions. Parents have their own personal aspirations for their
child, and for themselves too. Whether a child should grow up in Country X
which has, for example, a high incidence of racism or safety issues, or be
raised elsewhere, is a matter for parents to decide. If Country X is home to
the parents, they will have to deal with any issues arising there as
responsible parents would. If the parents wish to move to Country Y, for
example, a less developed country with undeveloped infrastructure but with
lower incidence of racism and safety issues, it is their personal choice and
they would have to make the necessary preparations to raise their child in
that country.

In functioning families, the court would not be asked to make orders or give
parenting advice on whether it is better for the child to be raised in Country
X or Country Y. The court is asked to adjudicate a parenting dispute only
because the parents’ relationship has broken down, and the court is called on
to protect the child’s welfare and assist the family in moving forward.

15 It seems that the main interest the Wife is pursuing is to obtain a long
term immigration status that allows her to live in Singapore. The proper
authority to which the Wife should apply in order to obtain the necessary
permission to stay and work in Singapore may be the Ministry of Manpower or
the Immigration and Checkpoints Authority; the court is not the appropriate
forum.

16 I do not see any good reason to interfere with the decision reached by the
DJ in the court below. The appeal is dismissed.

Debbie Ong  
Judge of the High Court  
---  
  
Koh Tien Hua and Yoon Min Joo (Harry Elias LLP) for the appellant;

Respondent in person.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 28 Jul 2021 (17:35 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

