Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the FAMILY JUSTICE COURTS of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHCF 23

Registrar’s Appeal from the Family Justice Courts No 10 of 2021

Between

VFV  
---  
  
… Appellant

And

VFU  
---  
  
… Respondent

judgment

[Contempt Of Court] –– [Civil contempt]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
VFV

  
v

  

VFU

[2021] SGHCF 23

General Division of the High Court (Family Division) — Registrar’s Appeal from
the Family Justice Courts No 10 of 2021  
Choo Han Teck J  
9 July 2021

22 July 2021 Judgment reserved.

Choo Han Teck J:

1 This is a protracted and acrimonious dispute on ancillary matters which has
gone back and forth from the Family Justice Courts to the Syariah Court, and
has landed in this court. The appellant mother (“the Mother”) and respondent
father (“the Father”) are both Muslims and were married on 22 August 2008
under Muslim law. They have three children from the marriage.

2 On 9 March 2017, parties entered into a consent order (“the Consent Order”)
in the Family Justice Court following a mediation. Under the Consent Order,
the Mother had sole interim care and control. The Father had interim access to
the children, which essentially allowed him alternate overnight weekend
access, and weekday access on Wednesday from 7.30pm to 9pm when he had
alternate overnight weekend access.

3 On 11 September 2018, the Father commenced divorce proceedings in the
Syariah Court. I was informed by counsel for the parties during the hearing
that the judgment [of the Syariah Court] was handed down on 29 June 2021.

4 On 19 June 2019, after the Father filed an urgent ex parte application in
the Syariah Court to take over the care and control of the children, on the
basis that the Mother’s friend had slapped one of the children across his
cheeks. The Syariah Court made another Order, which did not vary the care and
control to the Mother, but ordered the Mother to ensure that the children do
not come into contact with the Mother’s friend, one [G].

5 Two other interim orders were granted by the Syariah Court subsequently. One
on 13 August 2019, and another on 27 August 2019. The order made on 27 August
2019 by the learned Registrar Shahrinah binte Abdol Salam granted the Father
interim weekly supervised access to the children on Saturday from 10am to 2pm.
The Mother was to supervise access. It is undisputed that the Syariah Court
order made on 13 August 2019 superseded the Consent Order.

6 However, before the Syariah Court made its orders, the Father filed a
summons for an order of committal on 4 July 2019. He claimed that the Mother
had denied him physical access to the children from 20 June 2019 to 26 August
2019, and telephone access from 19 June 2019 to 27 June 2019. The Father’s
counsel submitted that this was a deliberate breach amounting to contempt of
court.

7 The Mother took the position in the hearings below that she was no longer
bound by the Consent Order, as the Consent Order had been superseded by the
Syariah Court’s order when the Father filed the ex parte application on 19
June 2019. Further, the Mother’s case was that the Father did not exercise his
access regularly.

8 Before the hearing of the committal proceedings on 27 September 2019, the DJ
ruled that the Family Court had no jurisdiction to hear the committal
proceedings without a Syariah Court continuation certificate under s 17A of
the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 332, 2007 Rev Ed). Upon appeal, on 3
February 2020, in VFU v VFV [2020] SGHCF 3, Debbie Ong J reversed the DJ’s
decision, and held that the Consent Order was valid until the Syariah Court
made its orders over the same subject matter. Hence, the Mother was still
bound by the Consent Order from March 2017 until the Syariah Court Order on 13
August 2019. Justice Ong further observed that the Syariah Court orders were
made less than 2 months after the alleged breaches. Hence, the Mother’s acts
of purging the contempt would be relevant to the court.

9 On 13 April 2021, after five days of committal proceedings, the DJ found the
Mother to be in contempt of court, that she had breached the Consent Order by
failing to provide the Father physical access to the children between 19 June
2019 to 11 August 2019. The DJ was of the view that there was no need for a
jail term, bearing in mind the consequences the committal proceedings had on
the three children. The Father’s counsel submitted below for a fine of $1,000.
But the DJ “suspend(ed) sentencing to allow the [Mother] time to rectify the
breaches by coming to an agreement with the [Father] on the terms of her
compliance with the [Consent Order]”. Costs of the committal proceedings were
reserved until the sentencing date, which was deferred to three weeks after
the committal proceedings. The Mother now appeals against the conviction. The
DJ has not passed sentence.

10 In determining whether the alleged offender’s conduct amounts to contempt
of court, we have to see what the order required the alleged offender to do,
and then to see whether the alleged offender had the necessary mental
culpability, namely, that the conduct was intentional and the alleged offender
knew the facts that made such a conduct a breach of the order. It is not
necessary to show that the party appreciated that it was breaching the order.
The standard of proof is that of the criminal standard of proof beyond
reasonable doubt: Pertamina Energy Trading Ltd v Karaha Bodas Co LLC [2007] 2
SLR(R) 518.

11 I agree with the DJ’s findings of fact that the Mother did not provide
physical access to the Father from 19 June 2019 to 11 August 2019. This is
also consistent with the Mother’s position that she was not bound by the
Consent Order to provide access to the Father. Based on the WhatsApp messages,
the Father asked for physical access but there was no reply from the Mother.
The DJ was correct, in my view, in finding that the Mother had breached the
Consent Order. But, for reasons that I shall elaborate below, not every breach
of a court order amounts to a contempt of court.

12 The Mother’s counsel submitted that there was ambiguity as to whether the
Consent Order was valid and subsisting because the AR in the Syariah Court
stated that the Syariah Court is not bound by the Consent Order made in the
FJC, and that any ambiguity in the consent order should be resolved in favour
of the person who had to comply with the order. There is, however, no
ambiguity here. While the Syariah Court is not bound by the FJC order, this
does not mean that the Consent Order has ceased to apply as of 19 June 2019.
The Consent Order is clear that the Mother was to provide the Father with
physical access in a certain manner, which the Mother had failed to comply
with. The Syariah Court order only asked the Mother to ensure that the
children would not be in contact with the Mother’s friend. This did not
supersede the Consent Order.

13 The issue, however, is whether the Mother had the necessary mental
culpability for the offence. The Mother’s counsel submitted that there was no
requisite mens rea as she did not know that the Consent Order was valid and
subsisting. The Mother took a consistent position in the proceedings below
that she was not bound by the Consent Order after 19 June 2019. But the
question is whether she knew of all the facts that made the conduct a breach,
not whether she appreciated that she was breaching the Consent Order. She knew
that she was not offering the Father access to the children, which is the
conduct amounting to the breach.

14 However, under s 21 of the Administration of Justice (Protection) Act 2016
(Act 19 of 2016), a person is not guilty of contempt if that person satisfies
the court that the failure or refusal to comply with an order was wholly or
substantially attributable to an honest and reasonable failure by that person,
at the relevant time, to understand an obligation imposed on the person bound
by the order, and that that person ought fairly to be excused.

15 In the light of the confusion in this case, the Mother’s failure to provide
access to the Father was indeed an honest and reasonable failure arising from
a misapprehension of the validity of the Consent Order. In the unique
circumstances of this case, the Mother took the consistent position that she
was no longer bound by the Consent Order once the Father commenced proceedings
in the Syariah Court. This position was taken as early as 25 June 2019, when
the Mother’s solicitors wrote to the Father’s solicitors, stating the Mother’s
position that the Consent Order has ceased to have effect as the Father had
filed an ex parte application on 9 March 2017 in the Syariah Court. Hence, the
Syariah Court has jurisdiction over all matters relating to custody, care and
control including the issue of access. This issue was not disposed of until
Justice Ong ruled that the Consent Order was not automatically stayed upon the
commencement of divorce proceedings in the Syariah Court. Due to the back-and-
forth between the FJC and the Syariah Court, and the uncertain status of the
Consent Order, it was reasonably possible that the Mother’s misapprehension as
to her obligations under the Consent, was an honest and reasonable mistake
that should excuse her. Hence, I am of the view that the mental element for
contempt is not satisfied.

16 In any event, I also agree with Justice Ong that since the alleged breaches
were within a span of two months, whether the Mother had purged the contempt
after August 2019 is relevant. It is not disputed that the Mother had abided
by subsequent Syariah Court orders and provided physical access to the Father
after August 2019. On those undisputed facts, it appears that the contempt has
been purged.

17 I also observe that the DJ below deferred sentencing for contempt, and it
was in the interim before sentence was passed when the Mother appealed against
the conviction. While the court’s power to defer sentencing is a liberal one,
the court should be mindful of the consequences of deferring sentencing
indefinitely after conviction. In this case, the DJ convicted the Mother, but
chose to defer sentencing hoping that parties would settle. As the court who
tries the matter has the power to punish, it is not within the power of the
appellate court to sentence. As a result, if I uphold the conviction, the case
will have to be remitted to the FJC for sentencing and may come back to this
court again if either party decides to appeal against the sentence. I
understand the intention of the court below, but the proper order should have
been to adjourn for the parties to settle amicably so that the contempt
proceedings can be withdrawn or settled, and only failing which, would the
court then proceed to convict and pass sentence.

18 For the reasons above, this appeal is allowed.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge of the High Court

Anuradha d/o Krishan Chand Sharma (Winchester Law LLC) for the appellant;  
Patrick Fernandez and Tan Wee Tim Cheryl (Fernandez LLC) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 12 Oct 2022 (20:48 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

