Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the FAMILY JUSTICE COURTS of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHCF 7

District Court Appeal No 66 of 2020 and Summons No 67 of 2021

Between

VLG

… Appellant

And

VLH

… Respondent

GROUNDS OF DECISION

[Family Law] — [Maintenance] — [Child]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
VLG

  
v

  

VLH and another matter

[2021] SGHCF 7

General Division of the High Court (Family Division) — District Court Appeal
No 66 of 2020 and Summons No 67 of 2021  
Choo Han Teck J  
25 January, 23 April 2021

3 May 2021

Choo Han Teck J:

1 The appellant father (the “father”) appealed against the decision of the
District Judge (the “DJ”) which increased the monthly maintenance he had to
pay for his daughter (the “child”) from $660 to $710. The parties first
appeared in person before me on 25 January 2021, where I granted the father
leave to reinstate the present appeal, and granted the respondent mother (the
“mother”) leave to file an affidavit to show proof of the child’s school in
Singapore. On 24 March 2021, the mother filed Summons No 67 of 2021 (“SUM 67”)
to adduce further evidence before me pertaining to the child’s education fees.

2 At the hearing before me on 23 April 2021, I dismissed SUM 67 and allowed
the father’s appeal against the $50 increase in maintenance for the child with
effect from the hearing date. I dismissed the father’s appeal regarding the
clawback of the excessive maintenance he said he had to pay since 2013, which,
in his view, amounted to a total of $25,854.00. I also dismissed his appeal
for the mother to repay him the additional $50 he had been paying each month
since the DJ’s order. Lastly, the father also requested for the mother to pay
him the costs of the appeal, but I declined to make any order as to costs. I
now give my reasons.

3 The parties to these proceedings were never married. Both parties are
foreigners from the People’s Republic of China residing in Singapore, and they
are both 36 years old this year. The mother is an internal customer service
officer at a metal company, while the father is an IT professional. Their
child was born in November 2012 and is presently 8 years old.

4 The mother first sought maintenance for the child in December 2012, and a
consent order was recorded in May 2013 for $500 per month. The mother
subsequently filed several variation applications. The first of the mother’s
applications was in April 2015; in May 2015, a consent order was recorded,
increasing the monthly maintenance to $600. About three years later, in April
2018, she filed her second variation application, and the maintenance was
again increased to $660 by consent. Finally, in 2020, she filed the variation
application that forms the subject of the present appeal, seeking to increase
the monthly maintenance from $660 to $750. The DJ adjusted the maintenance
upwards to $710, and the father appealed before me against the $50 increase.

5 At the hearing before me on 25 January 2021 (the “January hearing”), the
father said that the $50 increase was ordered by the DJ on the basis that
there had been an increase in the child’s school fees since the last
maintenance order. According to the DJ’s Grounds of Decision (“GD”), this was
based on the list of fees on the Ministry of Education’s website which showed
an increase in the monthly primary school fees for a non-ASEAN international
student from 2018 to 2020 (GD at [16]).

6 At the trial before the DJ on 23 July 2020, the father expressed his doubts
over whether the child was even studying in Singapore or attending the
purported local school (the “School”), as the mother did not appear to be
aware of certain student discounts and services available for schoolchildren.
The DJ asked the mother to swear under oath that the child was studying in
Singapore and enrolled in the School, and the mother did so. However, there
was no evidence presented to the court to verify this. After the trial, the
father contacted the School and was told that the child was not actually
studying there.

7 When I asked the mother at the January hearing whether the child was
actually studying in the School, she prevaricated, saying it was not related
to the issue of whether the father should be allowed to file his appeal out of
time, it was a fact that her daughter was attending school now, she did not
know who the father spoke to at the School, the information concerning school
fees was available on the Ministry of Education website, and finally saying
that she did not wish to answer my question. In the circumstances, I granted
leave to the father to reinstate the present appeal and granted leave to the
mother to file an affidavit to show proof of the child’s school in Singapore.

8 At the hearing before me on 23 April 2021 (the “April hearing”), the mother
apologised and said that she had hidden certain facts previously. Contrary to
what she had told the court below, her child was actually studying in China,
and had left for China since she was Primary 1. The wife also said she wished
to adduce further evidence in SUM 67 pertaining to the child’s education fees
in China.

9 I agreed with the father that there were serious issues with the mother’s
credibility, given her admission that she had lied to the DJ under oath, and
her continued concealment of the true facts before me at the January hearing.
The father also cited various examples of her credibility issues over the past
8 years, including her conduct in the trial below. I therefore dismissed SUM
67 for her to adduce additional evidence, as I had doubts about the
credibility and reliability of such evidence. In any event, such evidence
would have been available to her at the proceedings in court below since the
child was studying in China then.

10 Second, the $50 increase in maintenance was ordered on the basis that the
child was studying in the School and the fees had increased. Since this was
subsequently revealed to be false, there was no basis for the order made by
the DJ. I therefore allowed the father’s appeal against the DJ’s $50 increase.

11 Third, the father also argued that, given the mother’s past lies, he had
sufficient reason to question if the child had been raised in Singapore at
all. On that basis, he said that the reasonable monthly maintenance fee to
support the child would have to be reconsidered as the cost of living in China
was lower. He therefore argued that the mother should repay him the excessive
maintenance fees he had had to pay over the past 8 years, which, by his
calculations, amounted to a total of $25,854.00. He also requested for the
mother to repay him the additional monthly $50 he had had to pay for the child
since the DJ’s order.

12 However, there was no evidence as to when the child had left for China
besides the mother’s unsupported admission, and the exact amount that would
actually have been required to maintain the child had she been living in China
all this time is hard to discern. In any event, the child would have required
the money for her expenses anyway. I therefore dismissed the father’s appeal
in this regard. I also ordered that the $50 downward variation would only be
effective from the date of the April hearing.

13 The mother had applied several times for variation of the orders, to
increase the maintenance for the child. They were all made within a short
period of time. All of this, including her record of false claims, will be
taken into account should she make another variation application in the
future. Greater scrutiny of the evidence will be required.

14 Finally, given the mother’s dishonesty, the father submitted that I should
order her to pay him the costs of the appeal. Although no court will condone a
party lying under oath, I nevertheless declined to make any order as to costs,
since both parties here were unrepresented.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge of the High Court

The appellant in person;  
The respondent in person.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 03 May 2021 (13:03 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

