Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC 78

Magistrate’s Appeal No 9868 of 2020/01

Between

| Yap Lee Kok  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

judgment

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Sentencing] — [Appeals]

[Criminal Law] — [Statutory offences] — [Penal Code] — [Sexual penetration of
minor under 16]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Yap Lee Kok

  
v

  

Public Prosecutor

[2021] SGHC 78

General Division of the High Court — Magistrate’s Appeal No 9868 of 2020/01  
Vincent Hoong J  
6, 7 April 2021

7 April 2021 Judgment reserved.

Vincent Hoong J:

Introduction

1 In the court below, the appellant pleaded guilty to two counts of sexual
penetration of a minor under s 376A(1)(a), punishable under s 376A(2) of the
Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed). He consented to three other charges being
taken into consideration (“TIC charge(s)”) for sentencing which involved
offences under s 376A(1)(a) (one count each of penile-oral and penile-vaginal
penetration) and s 292(1)(a) of the Penal Code. At the time of the offences,
the victim was 14 years old while the appellant was 55 years old. The District
Judge (“DJ”) imposed 12 months’ and 18 months’ imprisonment for proceeded
charges involving penile-oral penetration and penile-vaginal penetration
respectively. Both sentences were ordered to run concurrently, producing a
global sentence of 18 months’ imprisonment.

2 In this case, the appellant used a Facebook account with the moniker “Peter
Teo” to befriend females. In an Institute of Mental Health Letter of 21 July
2020 (“the 21 July IMH Letter”) annexed to his mitigation plea in the court
below (“the Mitigation Plea”), the appellant also admits to having “pursued
sexual relations with females he met over the internet” in the past. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

ROP at p 157, [2].

3 Sometime in January 2019, the appellant added the victim as a friend on
Facebook. After the victim accepted his friend request, the two began chatting
on the Facebook Messenger app. In the course of their conversation, the
appellant discovered that the victim was 14 going on 15 and a virgin. The
appellant lied to the victim that he was “about 40 years old”, 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

SOF at [7].

initiated conversations of a sexual nature and transmitted eight photographs
of his penis to the victim. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

ROP at p 16.

These photographs form the basis of the TIC charge for the transmission of
obscene images under s 292(1)(a) of the Penal Code (ie, MAC-903180-2020). In
return for these obscene images, the appellant procured photographs of the
victim’s breasts and vagina. The appellant then broached the topic of having
the victim try to fellate him. Even when the victim did not respond, he
suggested that they should met up “for a ‘blowjob’” and “kept repeating the
request and offering to drive the minor to school after their meeting” until
the victim eventually agreed. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

SOF at [8].

4 On 4 February 2019, at or about 6.00am, the appellant met the victim at the
ground floor lift lobby of the multi-storey carpark at 669 Jurong West Street
64 (“the Carpark”). Prior to their meeting, the accused instructed the victim
not to wear her shorts or panties under her school uniform. The victim
complied with these instructions. The appellant brought the victim to his
multi-purpose vehicle (“MPV”) (“the Vehicle”) parked on the sixth floor of the
Carpark. It is inside the Vehicle where the appellant penetrated the victim’s
mouth and vagina, twice each, over a span of approximately 40 minutes. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

ROP at pp 6 and 7.

The proceeded charges concern the first instance of penile-oral penetration
and the second instance of penile-vaginal penetration. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

ROP at p 4.

The two TIC charges concerning  
s 376A(1)(a) of the Penal Code cover the remaining instances of oral and
vaginal penetration which occurred that day.

5 The appellant now appeals against his sentence for the second proceeded
charge involving penile-vaginal penetration (“the Second Proceeded Charge”) on
three main grounds: (a) that disproportionate weight was placed on the
aggravating factors in this case; (b), that the DJ placed insufficient weight
on certain mitigating factors; and (c), that the sentence imposed is
manifestly excessive in light of relevant precedents. In view of these
arguments, the appellant seeks a sentence of not more than 14 months’
imprisonment.

6 I will consider each of the appellant’s arguments in turn.

Presence of aggravating factors

7 First, I reject the submission that the aggravating factors were accorded
disproportionate weight.

Use of the internet

8 In my view, the DJ was entitled to regard the appellant’s use of the
internet to contact the victim as an aggravating factor. Befriending the
victim through the internet was not an aggravating factor on the particular
facts of AQW v PP [2015] 4 SLR 150 (“AQW”) because there was nothing to
suggest that the appellant in that case had “used the Internet with the intent
of committing the offence” (AQW at [60]).

9 In contrast, the appellant in this case used the internet with the intention
of committing sexual offences. In the Statement of Facts (“SOF”), the
appellant admits to using a Facebook account with the moniker “Peter Teo” to
look for females to befriend. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

SOF at [6].

Once the victim accepted his friend request, the appellant used the Facebook
Messenger app to: (a) initiate conversations of a sexual nature (including
asking her to fellate him); and (b) send lewd photographs and procure the same
from the victim. In the 21 July IMH Letter, the appellant also admits to
pursuing “sexual relations with females he met over the internet.” 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

ROP at p 157, [2].

I take this opportunity to signal the court’s contempt for such predatory
behaviour in the digital realm and accordingly find that general deterrence is
a dominant consideration in this case.

10 I am also satisfied that the DJ was entitled to regard the falsity of the
appellant’s Facebook moniker as an aggravating factor. The usage of a false
moniker, when seen alongside the appellant lying about his true age to the
victim and meeting her in a multi-storey carpark instead of his home, reveals
an intention to “conceal [his] identity and avoid detection” (AQW at [61]).
Such intention is not displaced by the fact that the appellant’s car, where
the offences were committed, bore a licence plate number or that the appellant
drove the victim to school. The appellant may have regarded the likelihood of
the victim recalling his licence plate number, or being noticed by her peers,
as being negligible. In this case, the appellant’s speedy arrest is also a
testament to the efficacy of our law enforcement agencies, and should not be
credited to the appellant.

Premeditation and persistence

11 As regards premeditation, I uphold the DJ’s finding that the offence
involving vaginal penetration was premeditated. The court in Ng Jun Xian v PP
[2017] 3 SLR 933 at [42] held that the offences of sexual assault by digital
penetration of the vagina and attempted rape were committed with “some degree
of premeditation and planning” as the accused “at the very least…had sought to
set the stage by sending the victim to the hotel…and …took the opportunity
when it presented itself to commit the sexual assault”. Even if the appellant
did not specifically intend to commit vaginal penetration before the meeting,
he had deliberately set the stage for such an opportunity to arise by making
repeated advances on the victim, arranging to meet the victim in the early
hours of the morning and offering to send her to school so as to coax her into
meeting him. When the opportunity presented itself, he penetrated the victim’s
vagina twice within a span of 40 minutes.

12 Further, while I agree that sexual grooming is not a distinct aggravating
factor from premeditation (Ng Kean Meng Terence v PP [2017] 2 SLR 449
(“Terence Ng”) at [44(c)]), it still enhances the degree of premeditation in
this case. As such, the weight accorded to the evidence of sexual grooming is
not so disproportionate as to invite appellate intervention.

13 As to whether he had acted with persistence, the appellant denies this on
the basis of evidence raised in the Mitigation Plea in the court below.
Namely, he claims that he did not press the matter when the victim cancelled
their meeting two days prior to the agreed date and that it was the victim who
broached the topic of meeting again. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

ROP at pp 147 and 148, [15] and [16].

However, even if I accept the appellant’s evidence in his Mitigation Plea, I
am not prepared to disturb the DJ’s finding. The SOF clearly reveals that the
appellant made repeated advances despite being initially rebuffed: when the
victim failed to respond to the appellant’s invitation to “try” fellating him,
the appellant proceeded to ask if she wanted to “meet” and repeated this
latter request notwithstanding the victim’s refusals. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

SOF at [7] and [8].

14 At this juncture, it is convenient for me to address the respondent’s
submission that some of the appellant’s arguments involve victim-blaming and
thus demonstrate his lack of remorse. The appellant’s arguments in question
are that: (a) the victim initiated sexual intimacy after having originally
said that she was unable to meet the appellant (see [13] above); and (b) that
the victim expected more than simply penile-oral penetration given that she
showed up without panties (“the Impugned Arguments”). 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Respondent’s submissions at [67]–[69].

15 However, I am not minded to hold the Impugned Arguments against the
appellant. The type of arguments which drew the court’s criticism in GCM v PP
and another appeal [2021] SGHC 18 (“GCM”) at [91]–[95] were those that
attacked the victim’s character and/or morality. Insofar as the Impugned
Arguments go to the issues of the victim’s consent and/or the appellant’s
persistence in persuading the victim to meet him, the appellant is entitled to
make his case.

Fear and emotional harm

16 Finally, in relation to the degree of fear and emotional harm inflicted on
the victim, the DJ rightfully highlighted the appellant’s failure to use a
condom and the attendant risk of an unwanted pregnancy as being aggravating
(PP v Lee Ah Choy [2016] 4 SLR 1300 at [50]). This factor distinguishes the
present case from some precedents such as PP v Len Teck Guan DAC-936149-2017 &
Ors and underscores the importance of retribution as a sentencing
consideration (GCM at [59]).

Other aggravating factors

17 For completeness, I should also address the following points raised by the
parties.

18 First, it is unclear whether the DJ regarded the age disparity of the
appellant and victim as an aggravating factor. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

GD at [17]; ROP at pp 66 and 67.

Insofar as he did, I do not regard the weight placed on it to be so
disproportionate as to render the sentence manifestly excessive. The age
disparity forms part of the backdrop against which the sentence must be
decided. In any case, AQW at [24] does not shut out the possibility of the age
disparity carrying some weight as an aggravating factor.

19 Second, the SOF does not bear out the victim’s consent to vaginal
penetration. In fact, she was “under the impression that she was meeting the
[appellant] only to [fellate him]” [emphasis added]. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

SOF at [8].

The absence of such consent aggravates the severity of the appellant’s
criminal conduct (Terence Ng at [44(f)] and [45(b)]).

Appropriate weight was given to mitigating factors

20 Furthermore, I am satisfied that the DJ placed appropriate weight on the
mitigating factors when sentencing the appellant. These include the fact that
he pleaded guilty and is a first-time offender. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

GD at [11]; ROP at p 62.

21 However, I dismiss the appellant’s contention that his pornography
addiction and major depressive disorder carry mitigating weight. For one, the
21 July IMH Letter does not explicitly diagnose the appellant with a
pornography addiction at the time of the offences. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

ROP at p 157.

Additionally, there is no evidence of a causal or contributory link between
the appellant’s major depressive disorder and the commission of the offences.

22 Additionally, the appellant submits that rehabilitation is a relevant
consideration, although not displacing the primacy of deterrence. He points to
the fact that he voluntarily attended 18 counselling sessions at IMH, to seek
help for problems “in relation to pornography and meeting females that he
befriended over the internet”, from the time he was released on police bail
until his sentencing by the DJ. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

ROP at p 157, [1]; Appellant’s submissions at [3].

23 I accept that the appellant’s efforts are indicative of his resolve to
change and that rehabilitation therefore factors into the sentencing equation.
However, the depravity of the present offences entrenches deterrence and
retribution as paramount considerations. In the final analysis, the sentence
imposed must reflect the deplorable nature of the appellant’s assault on the
innocence of the victim.

Sentence not manifestly excessive in light of sentencing precedents

24 The court in AQW (at [41]) held that the starting point for an offence
under s 376A of the Penal Code involving penile-oral penetration of a minor
who is 14 years old or above, and absent any pressure or abuse of trust, is
ten to 12 months’ imprisonment. It bears noting that the charge in AQW was
under  
s 376A(2) of the Penal Code. As penile-vaginal penetration is a graver
violation than penile-oral penetration (Pram Nair v PP [2017] 2 SLR 1015 at
[152]; BPH v PP and another appeal [2019] 2 SLR 764 at [62]), the starting
position in this case should be in the region of 14–16 months’ imprisonment.

25 Bearing AQW in mind, and after accounting for the differences in
aggravating and mitigating factors in the relevant precedents, I find that the
sentence imposed by the DJ is not manifestly excessive. I address some of the
more salient precedents raised by the appellant.

26 First, in GCM, the appellant also received 18 months’ imprisonment under s
376A(3) of the Penal Code for penile-vaginal penetration of minor who was 13
years old at the material time. The statutory maximum imprisonment term in s
376A(3) was twice that in s 376A(2). There were two other proceeded charges
under s 376A(3) and eight TIC charges; the global sentence imposed was 33
months’ imprisonment. Briefly, the appellant and victim in that case, 22 and
13 years old at the material time respectively, were alumni of a school group
at their primary school. They became acquainted when helping out with the
school group and exchanged handphone numbers. They subsequently corresponded
via Instagram messages and the appellant performed the sexual offences in his
home and at his university hostel room on three occasions over two weeks (at
[83]). Certain aggravating factors in GCM – the victim’s vulnerability due to
her young age and familial circumstances and the existence of some pressure
exerted by the appellant (at [56]–[58]) – did not present in the immediate
case. The victim in that case also tendered a victim impact statement (at
[69]–[71]).

27 Having compared the circumstances of each case in totality, I accept that
the offence in GCM involving penile-vaginal penetration is more aggravated.
However, Aedit Abdullah J stressed that the aggregate sentence imposed in GCM
“may be said to be on the lower end” and ultimately refrained from imposing a
sentence beyond that sought by the Prosecution (at [89]). Considering this
alongside the starting position in this case (formulated from AQW; see [24]
above), the present sentence, while on the high side, does not cross the
threshold of being manifestly excessive. The abuse of the internet is also an
aggravating factor which does not arise in GCM.

28 Next, the appellant submits that 18 months’ imprisonment is manifestly
excessive in light of PP v Chen Yongzhao Ashton DAC-913178-2018 & Ors
(“Ashton”) and Zahier Hilmi Bin Zulkifli DAC-935028-2017 & Ors (“Zahier”).

29 In Ashton, the male offender created a Facebook profile, masquerading as a
female, with the intention of chatting with other girls about sex. The
offender (around 26 years old at the material time) added the victim (14 years
old at the material time) on Facebook and the two began conversing. The
offender arranged to meet the victim in real life by claiming that a “friend”
of his (ie, himself) was interested in the victim. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

RBOA at p 114, [7].

For the charge involving vaginal penetration, the victim agreed to fellate and
have intercourse with the offender on the condition that he paid her some
money. The victim’s family was experiencing financial difficulties at that
time. The offender agreed to pay her $80, met up with the victim and
penetrated her vagina with his penis; he wore a condom while doing so. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

RBOA at p 115, [14]–[16].

14 months’ imprisonment was imposed for this charge under s 376A(2) of the
Penal Code; the same individual sentence was handed down for the remaining two
proceeded charges under s 376A(2) (penile-oral penetration) and s 376A(3)
(penile-oral penetration). There were also three TIC charges and the offender
received 28 months’ imprisonment in total.

30 Upon close consideration, however, Ashton can be distinguished from the
present case in two respects. First, the victim in Ashton had consented to
vaginal intercourse, whereas the victim at present did not. Second, the
offender in Ashton had used a condom. This would ameliorate, in relative
terms, the trauma visited upon the victim in that case.

31 In Zahier, the offender had befriended the victim (15 years old at the
material time) through the instant messaging application “Kik”. Their
conversations revolved around sexual topics, including sharing their fetishes
and communicating while masturbating. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

RBOA at pp 274 and 275, [6] and [7].

Eventually, the offender and victim met up in person. In respect of the charge
involving penile-vaginal penetration, this was committed at the offender’s
home and without a condom. Subsequently, on two separate occasions, he
penetrated the victim’s vagina digitally and penetrated her mouth with his
penis; these form the bases of the remaining two of three proceeded charges.
The following imprisonment terms were imposed: 14 months’ imprisonment for
penile-vaginal penetration, 12 months’ imprisonment for penile-oral
penetration and 10 months’ imprisonment for digital-vaginal penetration. The
global sentence imposed was 24 months’ imprisonment; there were nine other TIC
charges.

32 Notwithstanding the greater number of TIC charges and the longer period of
offending in Zahier (ie, spanning several weeks), 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

RBOA at pp 275 and 276.

I am not persuaded to disturb the DJ’s sentence. It is clear to me that there
was no deception involved in the commission of the offences in Zahier. None of
the precautions, which the appellant took in the present case took to conceal
his identity, are borne out in Zahier. In fact, just like in AQW (at [57]),
the offender had invited the victim into his home. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

RBOA at p 275, [8].

Consequently, the degree of exploitation of the victim in this case is more
severe.

33 For completeness, I also make brief mention of the following cases. In PP v
Qiu Shuihua [2015] 3 SLR 949 (“Qiu”), the appellant received 10 months’
imprisonment for penile-vaginal penetration under s 376A(1)(a) of the Penal
Code. However, the court in Qiu did not have the benefit of the decision in
AQW, which clarified that the starting point for less serious assaults
involving fellatio is already 10–12 months’ imprisonment (see [24] above). As
such, Qiu is not determinative in this case.

34 Finally, in PP v Ahmad Jumaidi Bin Salleh DAC-920837-2019 & Ors (“Ahmad”),
12 months’ imprisonment was imposed for an offence of penile-vaginal
penetration under s 376A(2) of the Penal Code. The offender in Ahmad
befriended the victim on Instagram and the two engaged in consensual
intercourse after consuming methamphetamine together. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

RBOA at p 103, [6].

The other proceeded charge in Ahmad was for drug consumption and there was one
TIC charge under s 376A(2) of the Penal Code. Considering the provision of
consent in Ahmad and that 12 months’ imprisonment for penile-vaginal
penetration is out of step with AQW (see [24] above), I am not minded to
overturn the DJ on this basis.

35 In these premises, the sentence of 18 months’ imprisonment for the Second
Proceeded Charge, and hence the global sentence, is not manifestly excessive.

Conclusion

36 For these reasons, I dismiss the appellant’s appeal against his sentence.

Vincent Hoong  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Chooi Jing Yen (Eugene Thuraisingam LLP) for the appellant;

Tan Zhi Hao and Nicholas Lim (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 07 Apr 2021 (12:38 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

