Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the FAMILY JUSTICE COURTS of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHCF 22

District Court Appeal No 111 of 2020 and Summons No 65 of 2021

Between

VPH  
---  
  
… Appellant

And

VPI  
---  
  
… Respondent

In the matter of Divorce Suit No 4775 of 2018

Between

VPH  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

VPI  
---  
  
… Defendant

ORAL judgment

[Family Law] — [Matrimonial assets] — [Division]

[Family Law] — [Maintenance] — [Wife]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
VPH

  
v

  

VPI

[2021] SGHCF 22

General Division of the High Court (Family Division) — District Court Appeal
No 111 of 2020 and Summons No 65 of 2021  
Mavis Chionh Sze Chyi J  
3 May, 21 July 2021

21 July 2021 Judgment reserved.

Mavis Chionh Sze Chyi J:

Introduction

1 The appellant (“the husband”) appealed against the decision of the District
Judge (the “DJ”) made on 6 November 2020, in which the DJ made orders
concerning the division of matrimonial assets with the respondent (“the wife”)
and also ordered the husband to pay a lump sum maintenance of $60,000.00 to
the wife. In Summons No 65 of 2021 (“SUM 65”), the husband sought to adduce
further evidence on appeal in order to show that his income had been adversely
affected by the COVID-19 pandemic and that he had made financial contributions
to a property in the wife’s sole name at Grandeur Park Residences (the
“Grandeur Park property”). During the hearing on 3 May 2021, I allowed the
application to adduce fresh evidence before the hearing of the main appeal in
District Court Appeal No 111 of 2020 (“DCA 111”).

Facts

2 The husband and wife were married on 11 November 2007. There are no children
to the marriage. Parties began living separately from February 2017.

3 The husband filed a writ for divorce on 15 October 2018 and the wife filed a
defence and counterclaim on 7 November 2018. Interim judgment (“IJ”) was
granted on 30 May 2019. In all, the marriage lasted somewhat over nine years
before the parties separated, and it was dissolved two years later.

Background of the parties

4 At the time of the hearing before the DJ, the husband was 55 years old and
the wife was 40. The husband is an airline captain while the wife is a
customer relationship coordinator with a trading company. Based on their 2019
Notice of Assessment (“NOA”), the husband earned a gross monthly salary of
$27,356.83 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Record of Appeal (“RA”) Vol I dated 24 March 2021 at p 156.

while the wife earned a gross monthly salary of $6,613.50. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

RA Vol I at p 200.

It is not disputed that the wife’s salary has been on the rise since she took
on a permanent role with her present company in August 2014. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

RA Vol I at p 180 and 188.

This is evidenced from her NOAs, which show a rise in her gross monthly salary
from $5,043.92 for NOA 2016 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

RA Vol I at p 197.

to her gross monthly salary of $6,613.50 in NOA 2019.

5 At this juncture, it should be noted that the wife was also working for the
period of April 2009 to June 2012. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

RA Vol I at pp 178–179.

While the wife appeared to downplay her earnings during this period, 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

W’s Case dated 26 April 2021 at pp 8–9; RA Vol I at p 179.

her CPF contributions paint a different picture. From around August 2009 to
June 2012, she received regular and not insignificant CPF contributions from
her employers. In that same period, her CPF balance grew from $20,020.41 in
January 2010 to $86,421.00 in December 2012. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

RA Vol I at pp 480–483.

On her own account, during this time, she was given an award for being the
“top rookie” salesperson and was even sent by her company to Germany twice for
training. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

RA Vol I at p 179.

As such, I do not accept the wife’s contention that she “gave up her youth and
career progression” for about 7 years of the marriage. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

W’s Case at para 105.

Instead, I find that she was in gainful employment for a considerable part of
the marriage and that the time she spent out of employment was closer to a
period of around four years (two years in the initial years of the marriage
and two years between 2012 and 2014). 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

RA Vol I at pp 480–485.

From the evidence before me, I also find that she is clearly someone with
ambition and a strong work ethic, who has shown herself capable of improving
her career prospects and earning capacity over time.

6 As for the husband, I accept that his income has been affected by the onset
of the COVID-19 pandemic. Based on the husband’s table of income exhibited in
his affidavit, 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

H’s Affidavit dated 22 March 2021 at para 8.

his net monthly salary for the period of April 2019 to February 2020 is
$31,083.55. For the same period the following year, ie, from April 2020 to
February 2021, his net monthly salary is $16,893.11.

7 This does not reflect his gross monthly salary as it excludes certain
deductions such as employee CPF contributions. If his employee CPF
contributions were to be included, his gross monthly salary for the period of
April 2019 to February 2020 would be around $32,707.55 while his gross monthly
salary for the period of April 2020 to February 2021 would be around
$18,565.29. While I accept that the husband’s income has been affected by the
COVID-19 pandemic, I also accept the wife’s submission that the husband’s
salary – even taking into account the impact on his salary brought about by
the COVID-19 pandemic – is still not insubstantial. Insofar as the husband
seeks to persuade me that his income earning capacity is severely affected, I
am unable to accept his submission. This is quite different from the situation
in Lock Yeng Fun v Chua Hock Chye [2007] 3 SLR(R) 520 (“Lock Yeng Fun”), for
example, where the Court of Appeal found at [21] that the respondent’s age
coupled with his physical disabilities (arthritic limbs and vision problems)
meant that he had “little or almost no prospect of a higher earning capacity”.
The respondent in that case also had no tertiary education. The Court of
Appeal noted that the respondent’s monthly income of approximately $600 to
$800 could “hardly be considered a steady source of revenue”. In the present
case, notwithstanding the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, the evidence before
me indicates that the husband still has a relatively comfortable and steady
source of income. On his own account, he worked hard to achieve “his
successful education as an Engineering degree holder of the National
University of Singapore and successful career in the aviation sector”. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

H’s Case dated 24 March 2021 at para 56.

There is no suggestion that he suffers from any physical disabilities. At 55
years of age, I would not consider him to be someone who is decrepit or well
past his prime. In the circumstances, though his income has presently been
reduced because of the challenges facing the aviation industry, I consider
that he still has a fairly high earning capacity.

Arguments Below

8 In the proceedings below, the husband submitted that the ratio of the
parties’ direct contributions to the matrimonial assets should be 80:20 in his
favour while their indirect contributions should be 70:30 in his favour. The
husband submitted for the average ratio to be 75:25 in his favour. Taking
$1,779,295.80 as the size of the pool of matrimonial assets, he submitted that
$1,334,471.80 (75%) should go to him and $444,824.00 (25%) to the wife. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Record of Appeal (“RA”) Vol II dated 24 March 2021 at p 674.

He asked that the court make an order of no maintenance for the wife. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

RA Vol II at p 677.

9 As for the wife, she submitted in the proceedings below that the total pool
of matrimonial assets was $2,475,619.27. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

RA Vol II at p 639.

According to her, the ratio of the parties’ direct contributions to the
matrimonial assets should be 81.6:18.4 in the husband’s favour, while their
indirect contributions should be 70:30 in her (the wife’s) favour. In
addition, the wife argued that adverse inferences should be drawn against the
husband which should result in an uplift of 20% in her favour. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

RA Vol II at p 623, para 57.

On the wife’s case below, therefore, the average ratio should be 55.8:44.2 in
favour of the husband. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

RA Vol II at p 642.

The wife also submitted that she should be paid maintenance at $800 a month
(the wife did not state a fixed duration for which maintenance should be
paid). 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

RA Vol II at p 613 and 632–633.

Decision Below

10 After hearing the evidence adduced and the parties’ submissions, the DJ
made the following orders (as summarised at [7] of her Grounds of Decision
(“GD”) in VPH v VPI [2021] SGFC 17):

(a) The matrimonial home at Flora Drive (the “Flora Drive property”) is to be
retained solely by the husband, but the husband is to allow the wife to
continue residing at the Flora Drive property until an additional 3 months
from the official Temporary Occupation Permit of Grandeur Park Residences. The
husband is to continue to pay the mortgage and related MCST charges, while the
wife is to pay for the utilities whilst she resides at the Flora Drive
property;

(b) The Grandeur Park property and a property in Penang (the “Penang
property”) is to be retained by the wife in her sole name. The husband shall
pre-sign any and all documents that are necessary to effect the sale and/or
redemption of the Penang property within 7 days of written request being made;

(c) A property in Australia (the “Australian property”) is to be retained by
the husband in his sole name. The wife shall pre-sign any and all documents
that are necessary to effect the sale and/or redemption of the Australian
property within 7 days of written request being made;

(d) The wife shall be entitled to $200,000.00 of the husband’s CPF moneys in
his ordinary account;

(e) The husband is to pay the wife a lump sum maintenance of $1,000.00 a month
for five years, ie, $60,000.00. Payment is to be made in two equal instalments
of $30,000.00 each by 31 December 2020 and 30 June 2021;

(f) Each party is to retain their own assets in their own names; and

(g) Each party is to bear their own costs.

11 With regard to the division of matrimonial assets, the DJ referred to the
structured approach of the Court of Appeal (“CA”) in ANJ v ANK [2015] 4 SLR
1043 (“ANJ”). However, although the DJ proceeded to identify the main assets
of the parties (see [11] of the GD), she did not identify all the assets, some
of which were of substantial value and disputed by parties. The DJ also did
not value any of the assets. It is not clear from the GD what assets were in
the matrimonial pool and what the total value of the pool of matrimonial
assets was. With respect, this is unsatisfactory, especially given the
divergence in the parties’ positions as to the assets and size of the
matrimonial pool (see [8]–[9] above).

12 It is also not clear from the GD why the DJ did not apply the ANJ
structured approach. This approach would have involved the court first
arriving at “a ratio that represents each party’s direct contributions
relative to that of the other party, having regard to the amount of financial
contribution each party has made towards the acquisition or improvement of the
matrimonial assets”: ANJ at [22]. Second, the court would consider the
parties’ indirect contributions and ascribe a second ratio which represents
the contributions of each party to the family’s well-being relative to the
other. Thirdly, the court derives an average percentage contribution for each
party, at which point further adjustments may be made to account for other
considerations: see ANJ at [27]. As far as I can tell from the GD, none of
this was done. I am not certain why this was so, as both parties in this case
actually adopted the ANJ approach in their submissions before the DJ.

13 Before me, counsel were again agreed that the structured approach espoused
by the CA in ANJ should be followed. I have no doubt that the ANJ approach is
applicable in the present case, given that parties were in a “Dual-Income
Marriage”, ie, for the most part, both spouses were working during the
marriage and it was not a situation where one spouse was the sole income
earner while the other played the role of homemaker (see the CA decision in
TNL v TNK and another appeal and another matter [2017] 1 SLR 609 at
[42]–[43]). As such, the analysis which follows will apply the ANJ approach.

Appellant’s Case and Respondent’s Case

14 At the hearing on 3 May 2021, in addition to allowing the husband’s
application to adduce further evidence, I asked parties to file a joint
summary. The joint summary was filed on 17 June 2021 (“Joint Summary”); and
each party has accepted that the Joint Summary represents his or her binding
position.

15 As a general position, all matrimonial assets and liabilities should be
identified at the time of the IJ, ie, 30 May 2019 and valued at the time of
the first ancillary matters (“AM”) hearing, ie, 16 July 2020. Both parties in
this case are agreed that in general, the date for ascertaining the pool of
matrimonial assets is the IJ date and the date for valuing those assets is the
date of the AM hearing (or closest to that date). 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Joint Summary (“JS”) dated 17 June 2021 at p 5.

16 Based on the Joint Summary, the husband’s case is as follows:

(a) The total pool of matrimonial assets is $1,757,822.05; 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

JS at p 23.

(b) The husband computed parties’ direct contributions to the matrimonial
assets to be 71.5:28.5 in his favour. As for indirect contributions, he
contended the ratio should be 95:5 in his favour; 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

JS at p 72.

(c) He then derived an average ratio of 83.25:16.75 in his favour 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

JS at p 72.

but further submitted that an uplift of 6.76% should be applied in his favour,
to take into account the benefit derived by the wife from her staying in the
Flora Drive property rent free (3.76%) and also her alleged lack of full and
frank disclosure (3.00%). 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

JS at p 58.

According to the husband, therefore, the final ratio should be 90:10 in his
favour;

(d) Following from this final ratio, the husband submitted that the wife was
entitled to only $175,782.20 (10%) of the matrimonial pool of $1,757,822.05.
24

##### Foot Note 24

×

JS at p 72.

Separately, on another computation, the husband submitted that if the full
value of the Flora Drive property ($800,899.63) were to be included into the
matrimonial pool, the wife’s share of the matrimonial pool would decrease to
$160,945.51, being the wife’s entitlement (7.79%) of the matrimonial pool of
$2,066,052.75. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

JS at p 74.

It should be noted that the figures argued for on behalf of the husband on
appeal differ substantially from the husband’s position in the proceedings
below, where he had computed the wife’s share to be $444,824.00 (25%) out of
the matrimonial pool of $1,779,295.80 (see [8] above);

(e) As regards maintenance, the husband submitted that the wife “had already
been adequately … maintained and should not be entitled to any further
[maintenance]”. Even if the court were minded to grant maintenance, the
husband submitted that “the period of 5 years should be shortened to 1 year
[and thereafter] backdated to February 2017”. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

H’s Case at paras 21B–21C.

17 As for the wife, she submitted that the DJ’s order of lump sum maintenance
(see [10(e)] above) was fair and reasonable, taking into account her monthly
expenses of around $6,423.00 a month. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

W’s Case at para 31; JS at pp 82–89.

As for the division of matrimonial assets, she submitted that the total pool
of matrimonial assets should be $2,329,616.18; 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

JS at p 23.

and that the DJ’s decision to award her assets which she (the wife) averred to
be valued at $781,019.29 (or about 33% of the total value of the pool of
matrimonial assets as computed by the wife) was just and equitable. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

JS at p 73.

This sum of $781,019.29 includes $200,000.00 of the husband’s CPF moneys (see
[10(d)] above). 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

W’s Case at paras 134–135.

Before me, therefore, the wife argued that the husband’s appeal should be
dismissed.

Issues before this court

18 The matters that arise for determination in this appeal are the division of
matrimonial assets, maintenance for the wife and costs. As mentioned earlier
(at [11]-[13] above), it is not clear why the DJ did not identify and value
all the matrimonial assets. It is also not clear why the DJ did not apply the
ANJ structured approach when dividing and apportioning the matrimonial assets.
With respect, I find the DJ’s approach to be wrong in principle and
unsupported by authority. As such, I will proceed to deal with the division of
the matrimonial assets using the ANJ structured approach, before dealing with
the issues of maintenance for the wife and costs.

Division of matrimonial assets

19 I first consider the division of the parties’ matrimonial assets under s
112(1) of the Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 2009 Rev Ed) (“WC”). In the present
case, I adopt the global assessment methodology for dividing matrimonial
assets, as set out in NK v NL [2007] 3 SLR(R) 743 at [31]. This comprises four
distinct steps: identification, valuation, division and apportionment of the
matrimonial assets. This was also the approach adopted by the parties in this
case.

Identification and valuation of matrimonial assets

Agreed assets

20 There are a number of assets whose inclusion into the pool of matrimonial
assets and whose values are largely not disputed. Based on the Joint Summary,
I set out the value of each asset in the table below:

S/N| Description| Value  
---|---|---  
Joint Assets  
1| Australian property| $48,666.00 31

##### Foot Note 31

× RA Vol II at p 689.  
Husband’s Assets  
2| Audi A8| $95,000.00  
3| POSB Account number ending 513 (“Account -513”) as at 23 July 2019|
$31,668.42  
4| POSB Account number ending 540 (“Account -540”) | $0  
5| UOB Account number ending 4652 (“Account -4652”) as at 23 July 2019|
$56,784.95  
6| UOB Account number ending 455 (“Account -455”) as at 23 July 2019|
$5,185.42 32

##### Foot Note 32

× RA Vol I at p 142.  
7| UOB Account number ending 055 (“Account -055”) as at 23 July 2019|
$85,094.74  
8| ANZ Savers Account| $13,530.00  
Wife’s Assets  
9| Penang property as at August 2020| $105,066.71 33

##### Foot Note 33

× H’s Case at para 48; W’s Case at p 108.  
10| Mini Cooper| $62,000.00  
11| OCBC Account number ending 001 (“Account -001”) as at January 2020|
$45,571.03  
12| UOB Account number ending 484 (“Account -484”) as at July 2019| $4,561.92  
13| UOB Account number ending 137 (“Account -137”) as at July 2019| $448.81  
14| Citibank (Malaysia) Flexi Home Loan Account as at July 2019| $1,372.88  
15| CIMB Account number ending 6154 (“Account -6154”) as at July 2019| $405.53  
16| Manulife Policy as at July 2019| $14,208.74  
17| Wife’s shares| $56,946.90  
18| CPF Savings as at 23 July 2019| $147,264.16 34

##### Foot Note 34

× RA Vol I at pp 168 and 221.  
  
21 For the Penang property, I adopt the husband’s valuation as at August 2020
of $105,066.71. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

JS at p 22.

The Wife does not dispute that the value of the Penang property is
RM530,000.00 ($176,666.67). In the wife’s affidavit in the proceedings below
dated 19 August 2019, she declared the outstanding mortgage on the Penang
property to be approximately RM240,000.00 ($79,000.00) 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

RA Vol I at p 164.

and the monthly mortgage payment to be approximately RM1,850.00 ($616.67). 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

RA Vol I at p 166.

Absent evidence on the outstanding mortgage for the Penang property as at
August 2020, and given that parties agree on two other properties (ie, the
Flora Drive property 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

H’s Case at para 35.

and the Grandeur Park property) 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

JS at p 21.

being valued as at August 2020, I find that the husband’s valuation of
$105,066.71 best approximates the value of the Penang property as at August
2020 (being $176,666.67 - $79,000.00 + ($616.67 x 12)).

22 Secondly, for the wife’s CPF savings, I took the value of her CPF savings
to be its value as at 23 July 2019 to ensure consistency with the agreed date
of valuation of the husband’s CPF savings. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

JS at pp 8–9.

I see no reason in principle to adopt a different date of valuation for the
wife’s CPF savings vis-à-vis the husband’s CPF savings. As such, I include the
value of the wife’s CPF savings of $147,264.16 (consisting $49,003.51 in her
ordinary account, $47,491.63 in her special account and $50,769.02 in her
medisave account) as at 23 July 2019 into the pool of matrimonial assets. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

RA Vol I at pp 168 and 221.

Disputed assets

23 I turn to the remaining assets. Aside from arguments pertaining to adverse
inferences and dissipations, parties disagreed over the size of certain
matrimonial assets which should be included into the matrimonial pool.

(1) Flora Drive property

24 Dealing first with the Flora Drive property, both parties agree that its
value as at August 2020 is $800,899.63. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

H’s Case at para 35; W’s Case at p 109.

Both parties also agree that the Flora Drive property is the matrimonial home.
43

##### Foot Note 43

×

JS at p 8.

In his written submissions in the proceedings below, the Husband referred to
the Flora Drive property as the matrimonial home. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

See for eg, RA Vol II at pp 584 and 604.

In this appeal, the husband also did not challenge the DJ’s finding that the
Flora Drive property was the parties’ matrimonial home. Where they disagree is
as to the value of the Flora Drive property which should be included into the
matrimonial pool.

25 The starting point is s 112(10) of the WC which provides as follows:

Power of court to order division of matrimonial assets

112.—(1) …

(10) In this section, “matrimonial asset” means —

(a) any asset acquired before the marriage by one party or both parties to the
marriage —

(i) ordinarily used or enjoyed by both parties or one or more of their
children while the parties are residing together for shelter or transportation
or for household, education, recreational, social or aesthetic purposes; or

(ii) which has been substantially improved during the marriage by the other
party or by both parties to the marriage; and

(b) any other asset of any nature acquired during the marriage by one party or
both parties to the marriage,

but does not include any asset (not being a matrimonial home) that has been
acquired by one party at any time by gift or inheritance and that has not been
substantially improved during the marriage by the other party or by both
parties to the marriage.

26 Under s 112(10) of the WC, a matrimonial home would be regarded as a
matrimonial asset. Once a court deems a property to be a matrimonial home, the
entire value of that property – assessed as at the AM date – will go into the
pool, notwithstanding when and how it was acquired (see USB v USA and another
appeal [2020] 2 SLR 588 (“USB (CA)”) at [19(a)]).

27 The husband’s reliance on the High Court decision in USA v USB [2020] 4 SLR
288 is, with respect, misplaced. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

JS at p 16.

In that case, Tan Puay Boon JC at [72] set out a formula for calculating the
portion of the net value of pre-marriage properties to be included in the
asset pool. However, this formula was in respect of pre-marriage properties
which were not the matrimonial home. Tan JC made it clear that the matrimonial
home, ie, the Sunrise Close Property (in that case), was to be distinguished
from other pre-marriage properties – and he included the full net value of the
Sunrise Close Property into the pool (see [44]). The CA affirmed Tan JC’s
decision in this regard and noted at [62] that “[t]he Sunrise Close Property
was a matrimonial asset only by virtue of its status as the matrimonial home.
As a result, its full value was included in the pool notwithstanding the fact
that it was acquired prior to the marriage” [emphasis added].

28 It being undisputed that the Flora Drive property is the matrimonial home,
there is no basis for the husband’s contention that a portion of the net value
of the Flora Drive property, corresponding to its net value acquired prior to
marriage, should be excluded from the pool. Accordingly, I include the full
net value of the property into the pool of matrimonial assets, ie,
$800,899.63.

(2) Grandeur Park property

29 Dealing next with the Grandeur Park property, the husband disputed the
value of the said property in the Joint Summary. The husband claimed that its
“market value increased to around $788,888” as at the date of the AM hearing,
even though its purchase price was $601,000. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

JS at p 21–22.

In support of his claim that the market value of the Grandeur Park property
had increased, the husband relied on screenshots of an enquiry with a property
agent advertising the Grandeur Park property. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

RA Vol II at pp 128–129.

He submitted that these screenshots should be relied on, as “[t]he price of
$788,000 was what Wife herself was asking for, which means that she was aware
that the value of her unit was in that range”.

30 I am unable to accept the husband’s submission. Even if I were to accept
that the wife was advertising the Grandeur Park property for $788,000 and that
similar units were advertised at around or above that price, 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

RA Vol II at p 129.

I do not see how that necessarily translates into the market value of the
Grandeur Park property as at the date of the AM hearing being around $788,888.
I note that no valuation was done on the Grandeur Park property. Without more,
I decline to draw the inference that the advertised prices of the Grandeur
Park property and/or similar properties must mean that the market value of the
Grandeur Park property as at the date of the AM hearing had increased to
around $788,888. The fact that the wife herself was advertising her unit for
such prices does not go very far in assisting the husband in establishing the
market value of the Grandeur Park property as at the date of the AM hearing.
Further, I note that the husband appeared to have dropped this argument in the
proceedings below 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

RA Vol II at pp 554, 646 and 694.

and it was also conspicuously absent in his Appellant’s case. In fact, it was
the husband who had first computed (for the purposes of this appeal) the net
value of the Grandeur Park property as at August 2020 and valued it at
$126,883.28. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

H’s Case at para 42.

As such, I accept the Wife’s submission that the net value of the Grandeur
Park property as at August 2020 is $126,883.28 and I include this value into
the pool of matrimonial assets.

(3) Husband’s CPF Savings

31 As for the husband’s CPF savings, the value of his CPF savings as at 23
July 2019 is $605,367.13 (consisting of $300,094.12 in his ordinary account,
$248,953.87 in his special account and $56,319.14 in his medisave account). 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

RA Vol I at p 162.

Based on the husband’s CPF statement of account for 2007, his CPF savings
before marriage as at 31 October 2007 is $93,948.95 (consisting of $945.48 in
his ordinary account, $59,503.47 in his special account and $33,500 in his
medisave account). 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

RA Vol II at p 201.

The wife did not dispute the husband’s account that $358,017.57 (consisting of
a transfer of $354,567.26 into his ordinary account and $3,450.31 into his
special account) was transferred into his CPF account in February 2008,
following the sale of his former matrimonial property from his first marriage
(see [43] of the GD). 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

JS at pp 8–9; RA Vol II at p 155.

It was also not disputed that this sum was acquired before marriage, even
though the transfer was during the marriage. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

W’s Case at paras 153–154.

The husband submitted that the value of his CPF savings to be included in the
matrimonial pool should exclude sums he had accumulated before marriage,
consisting of the sums of $93,948.95 and $358,017.57.

32 As a starting point, I accept that $96,453.78 of the husband’s CPF savings
(comprising $59,503.47 in his special account and $33,500 in his medisave
account as at 31 October 2007 and $3,450.31 transferred into his special
account in February 2008 following the sale of his former matrimonial
property) should be excluded from the pool of matrimonial assets. This sum was
acquired by the husband before marriage and would not be a matrimonial asset
(see s 112(10) of the WC at [25] above).

33 As for the $945.48 which the husband had in his ordinary account before
marriage, his 2007 CPF statement of account shows that it was used to pay the
mortgage on the Flora Drive property. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

RA Vol II at p 201.

Given that this sum has already been used to pay for the parties’ matrimonial
home, there is no basis for the husband’s claim that part of his present
ordinary account balance of $300,094.12 comprise this $945.48 which he had
accumulated before marriage.

34 I address next the $354,567.26 which was transferred into the husband’s
ordinary account in February 2008. Given that the balance in the husband’s
ordinary account as at 23 July 2019 was $300,094.12, it is clear that at least
$54,473.14 (“this Amount”) of the original sum of $354,567.26 was no longer
present in the ordinary account as at that date. It is not clear from the
husband’s submissions what his position is as to where this Amount went to,
and why the ordinary account balance to be included into the pool of
matrimonial assets should be a negative value. Looking at the CPF statement of
accounts tendered by the husband, 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

See for eg, RA Vol II at pp 144-145.

these reflected that moneys from his ordinary account were used to pay (a) for
the mortgage for the Flora Drive property; and (b) for DPS (ie, Dependants’
Protection Scheme). 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

RA Vol II at p 147.

Insofar as part of this Amount was used to pay (a), it will have been dealt
with in the analysis of the Flora Drive property above at [28]. As mentioned
earlier, given its status as the matrimonial home, the full net value of the
Flora Drive property should be included into the pool of matrimonial assets.
Insofar as part of this Amount was used to pay (b), it will be dealt with in
the analysis of the husband’s insurance policies at [38] below. Given my
finding that the wife has not shown the DPS to have a quantifiable net value,
any question of excluding its value from the pool of matrimonial assets is
moot (since no value was included into the pool in the first place). To sum
up, therefore, on the evidence available, I see no basis for excluding the sum
of $54,473.14 from the matrimonial pool.

35 Nor can I find any basis for the contention that a negative value should be
accorded to the balance in the husband’s ordinary account. In respect of the
remaining $300,094.12 in his ordinary account as at 23 July 2019, the
husband’s argument appears to be that this entire sum should be excluded from
the pool as they were accumulated pre-marriage, ie, this entire sum originated
solely from the $354,567.26 transferred into his ordinary account in February
2008. To succeed in his argument, the husband must show that the mortgage
payments for the matrimonial home and other disbursements from his ordinary
account would first come from his CPF savings accumulated during the marriage,
and only in the event of a shortfall would such payments then come from his
CPF savings accumulated before marriage. Again, there is no basis for such a
finding. Instead, I find that once the proceeds of $354,567.26 from the sale
of the husband’s former matrimonial property was transferred into his ordinary
account and commingled with existing and subsequent ordinary account moneys
(which were matrimonial assets), they were no longer separately identifiable
(see the decision of Debbie Ong J in UYP v UYQ [2020] 3 SLR 683 at [14]). Put
another way, since the proceeds transferred into the husband’s ordinary
account have been commingled with other moneys in the ordinary account which
were matrimonial assets, it is not possible to ascertain with certainty which
moneys were used in each transaction where moneys were disbursed from his
ordinary account (see Choo Han Teck J in VJR v VJS and another matter [2021]
SGHCF 10 at [24]). In any event, I find that the husband had the intention to
use the proceeds for the family by way of paying down the mortgage on the
matrimonial home. I therefore do not deduct any portion of the $300,094.12 in
the husband’s ordinary account from the matrimonial pool.

36 In sum, I add the value of $508,913.35 (comprising $300,094.12 in the
husband’s ordinary account, $186,000.09 in his special account and $22,819.14
in his medisave account) into the pool of matrimonial assets. I derive this
value by deducting the sum mentioned at [32] ($96,453.78) from the value of
the husband’s CPF savings as at 23 July 2019 ($605,367.13) (see [31] above).

(4) Husband’s insurance policies

37 I also add the value of $26,294.23 into the matrimonial pool. This
comprises (a) $6,172.00, which the husband averred in the proceedings below
represented the surrender value of a Prudential policy he purchased during the
marriage, 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

RA Vol I at p 51; RA Vol II at p 657.

and (b) $20,122.23, which the husband submitted in the proceedings below
represented the pro-rated surrender value of an AIA policy which he purchased
before marriage. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

RA Vol II at p 659.

I therefore do not accept the husband’s present submission that his insurance
policies ought to be excluded as they have no surrender values as at the date
of hearing. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

H’s Case at para 65.

I also do not accept the husband’s revised submission in his Joint Summary
that the value of the Prudential policy ought to be excluded because the
present surrender value was less than the premiums he had paid. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

JS at pp 12–13.

As the husband himself acknowledged, when valuing insurance policies, the
courts generally take the surrender value of the policies as at the date of
the AM hearing or any other date agreed by the parties (see UTS v UTT [2019]
SGHCF 8 at [19]). I find no basis for the husband’s approach, ie, that the net
value of a policy is its surrender value less premiums paid to date.

38 As for the husband’s Dependants’ Protection Scheme (“DPS”), I reject the
wife’s submission that the value of $46,000, representing the sum assured,
should be included into the pool of matrimonial assets. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

JS at pp 11–12.

There is no basis to adopt the wife’s approach as the wife has not shown how
the sum assured represents the net value of the husband’s DPS. In fact,
counsel for the wife conceded in the proceedings below that “DPS is not a
liquid insurance [policy]”. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

RA Vol I at p 51.

It is therefore not clear to me why the wife has decided to belatedly revive
this argument which I find to be wholly unmeritorious.

Alleged dissipations and adverse inference

39 I next address each party’s allegations of lack of full and frank
disclosure of assets and/or dissipation of assets by the other and their
arguments for adverse inferences to be drawn against each other. In UZN v UZM
[2021] 1 SLR 426 (“UZN”), the CA set out at [18] (citing BPC v BPB and another
appeal [2019] 1 SLR 608 at [60]) that an adverse inference may be drawn where:

(a) there is a substratum of evidence that establishes a prima facie case
against the person against whom the inference is to be drawn; and

(b) that person must have had some particular access to the information he is
said to be hiding.

(1) Wife’s Account -6154

40 Dealing first with Account -6154, I first note that it is not true that the
wife did not provide any bank statements of Account -6154. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

JS at p 44.

As the wife pointed out, she did provide a bank statement of this account
dated 20 July 2019. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

RA Vol I at p 291.

In the Joint Summary, the husband appeared to acknowledge as much, ie, that
the wife did provide bank statements of the said account to him. Instead, he
appeared to have changed his submission to the fact that the wife did not
provide all the bank statements, when she could have acquired them on her
trips back to Malaysia. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

JS at pp 44–45.

Quite apart from the fact that the husband’s original position (that the wife
did not provide any bank statements) is factually inaccurate, I do not think
that the mere failure of the wife to provide some bank statements of Account
-6154, without more, warranted the drawing of an adverse inference. I note in
this regard that the CA cautioned in UZN at [21] that an adverse inference
ought not to be easily drawn against a party unless both the criteria for the
drawing of an adverse inference are satisfied (see [39] above).

(2) Wife’s Account -521

41 As for the husband’s allegation that an adverse inference should be drawn
as the wife failed to disclose CIMB Account number ending 521 (“Account -521”)
in any of her affidavits, the wife responded to the allegation by explaining
that she had disclosed both of her accounts with CIMB. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

JS at p 56.

42 In reply, the husband’s argument appeared to shift from one of adverse
inference due to non-disclosure to one of dissipation, ie, the husband
contended that “[t]here is no indication as to where the monies … went to and
if they were transferred to her current CIMB accounts or kept elsewhere. The
whereabouts of these funds remain a mystery” [emphasis in original]. The
moneys which the husband was referring to appeared to be various remittances
totalling RM 79,654.35 ($33,300) from 2007 to 2013. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

JS at p 56–57; RA Vol I at pp 518–532.

I do not think that the transfers by the wife as evidenced from the remittance
receipts gave rise “to a prima facie case of concealment of assets or wrongful
dissipation (with the intention to put assets out of reach of the other party)
… as it is difficult to believe that the parties would have intended to
withdraw assets for the purpose of concealing or putting them out of reach of
the other spouse during a time when their marital relationship was still
functioning” (see UZN at [66]).

43 I add that the transfers as evidenced from the remittance receipts appear
to be legitimate. The amounts reflected in the remittance receipts coupled
with what the wife termed as “INSTAREM transaction receipts” 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

RA Vol I at pp 513–517.

support her account that she regularly transferred moneys to Malaysia to “pay
for the mortgage instalments for the Penang Apartment, maintenance fees for
the Penang Apartment, as well as for [her] parents’ allowance as they live in
Malaysia”. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

RA Vol I at p 422, para 47.

In the circumstances, I do not think that there is sufficient evidence which
warranted the drawing of an adverse inference against the wife.

(3) Wife’s UOB Accounts

44 The husband also submitted that adverse inferences should be drawn against
the wife in respect of 3 UOB accounts, namely UOB Account number ending 8652,
Account -484 and Account -137. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

H’s Case at para 70.

45 As a preliminary point, in respect of UOB Account number ending 8652, the
husband did not elaborate in his Appellant’s Case why an adverse inference
should be drawn in respect of this account. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

H’s Case at paras 70–72.

In any event, I note that the husband appears to have subsequently jettisoned
this submission: in the Joint Summary he did not seek the drawing of an
adverse inference in respect of UOB Account number ending 8652. As for Account
-484, the Husband’s initial submission was that statements “were not provided,
save for May 2019 …, June 2019 … and July 2019”. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

JS at p 52.

The wife pointed out that this was inaccurate as she had provided voluntary
disclosure of monthly bank statements for 4 years from May 2015 to December
2019 and had in fact tendered hard copies to the DJ and the husband’s former
solicitors at the hearing below. After this was pointed out by the wife, the
husband’s argument morphed to one of late rather than non-disclosure. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

JS at pp 52–53.

However, the husband has not explained why this late disclosure, if at all,
should result in the drawing of an adverse inference against the wife. As
such, I decline to draw an adverse inference in respect of these accounts.

46 I now turn to Account -137. Dealing first with the husband’s argument that
an adverse inference ought to be drawn on the basis that the wife had for many
years during the marriage failed to update her residential address with the
bank and only did so post-separation, 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

JS at p 45; H’s Case at para 72.

I found this argument to be wholly unmeritorious. Such an argument would again
require this court to make a finding that the wife was attempting to conceal
her assets at a time when the marriage was still functioning (see [42] above).
I do not see any basis for making such a finding, particularly when it does
not now appear to be disputed that the wife has provided the bank statements
from December 2014 to October 2019 to the husband. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

JS at pp 45–46.

47 Insofar as the husband still contends that the bank statements are
incomplete, I also find this contention to be without merit. For instance, for
the year 2017, the bank statements of Account -137 appear to be complete: 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

RA Vol II at pp 254–262.

(a) Starting first with the 15 December 2016 statement, the transactions run
from 15 October 2016 to 15 December 2016. At the end of that statement, the
TCR and TDR (which the husband has described as “Total Unposted Credit” and
“Total Unposted Debit” respectively – a description which the wife did not
appear to seriously dispute since she has not put forward any alternative
explanation of her own) 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

RA Vol II at p 116.

are represented to be $220,717.70 and $197,667.81 respectively.

(b) Moving next to the 15 February 2017 statement, the start of that statement
similarly reflects a TCR and TDR of $220,717.70 and $197,667.81 respectively.
The transactions then run from 15 December 2016 to 4 February 2017. At the end
of that statement, the TCR and TDR are reflected as $236,129.90 and
$208,470.90 respectively.

(c) The 15 March 2017 statement reflects the transactions from 21 February
2017 to 15 March 2017. The TCR and TDR are reflected at the end of the
statement as $34,971.94 and $89,676.98 respectively.

(d) The 15 June 2017 statement starts by reflecting the TCR and TDR to be
$34,971.94 and $89,676.98 respectively. It then lists the transactions from 15
March 2017 to 14 June 2017, ending with a TCR and TDR of $36,357.91 and
$92,865.66 respectively.

(e) The 15 August 2017 statement starts by reflecting the TCR and TDR to be
$36,357.91 and $92,865.66 respectively. It then lists the transactions from 15
June 2017 to 14 August 2017, ending with a TCR and TDR of $49,386.93 and
$99,385.69 respectively.

(f) The 15 November 2017 statement starts by reflecting the TCR and TDR to be
$49,386.93 and $99,385.69 respectively. It then lists the transactions from 15
August 2017 to 10 November 2017, ending with a TCR and TDR of $55,013.26 and
$108,494.21 respectively.

(g) The 15 January 2018 statement starts by reflecting the TCR and TDR to be
$55,013.26 and $108,494.21 respectively. It then lists the transactions from
15 November 2017 to 8 January 2018, ending with a TCR and TDR of $66,064.11
and $120,417.50 respectively.

48 Having regard to the above evidence, it is overly simplistic for the
husband to contend that an adverse inference must be drawn because “[f]or the
year 2017, statements were missing for January, April, May, July, September,
October and December”. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

H’s Case at para 70.

A closer look at the statements would indicate that there were no statements
in those months because the transactions for those months were consolidated in
the statements of February, March, June, August, November 2017 and January
2018. Likewise, the husband also contended in the court below that an adverse
inference must be drawn because inter alia the end of the 15 February 2017
statement reflected a TCR and TDR of $236,129.90 and $208,470.90 respectively.
80

##### Foot Note 80

×

RA Vol II at p 116.

Yet, a closer look at the 15 February 2017 statement and the preceding
statements would indicate that the TCR and TDR numbers in the 15 February 2017
statement appear to be running numbers, which include the transactions in the
15 February 2017 statement and the transactions in the preceding statements.
This was a point which the husband acknowledged in the Joint Summary. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

JS at pp 50–52.

His argument that such a “big drop in accumulated funds over a short period
requires explanation” appears therefore to be based on a misconception of what
the TCR and TDR numbers represent.

49 Given my findings above and in particular my summary at [47] of the
transactions in 2017 as reflected in the bank statements, I find no basis for
the husband’s contention that the wife “tempered [sic] with her statements [of
Account -137] and intentionally hid Husband’s transfers to her”. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

JS at p 48.

To support this contention, I note that the husband appears to rely solely on
a receipt which shows a transfer of $12,000.00 from Account -4652 to Account
-137 in February 2017, 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

RA Vol II at p 136.

which transfer is not reflected in the bank statements of Account -137.
However, I do not think that it is safe for me to draw an adverse inference
against the wife solely based on this receipt when the receipt itself appears
to be truncated, and it is not clear what the exact date of the transfer is
and whether the transfer did in fact go through. In any event, I note that it
is not disputed that the bank statements of Account -137 reflects a transfer
of $26,969.02 from the husband to the wife one month later, on 8 March 2017.
84

##### Foot Note 84

×

RA Vol II at p 259.

In the circumstances, I do not think that the husband has established a prima
facie case that warrants the drawing of an adverse inference.

50 As for the husband’s allegation that the wife dissipated amounts in Account
-137, 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

JS at pp 47–52.

the main thrust of his allegation centres on a series of withdrawals totalling
$55,950.00 for the period of 21 February 2017 to 8 March 2017. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

JS at p 47; RA Vol II at p 259.

In oral submissions, counsel for the husband contended that these withdrawals
could not have been withdrawals for the purposes of the purchase of the
Grandeur Park property in early March 2017 as the amounts of the withdrawals
did not match the sums required to purchase the property.

51 However, based on the Joint Summary, I note that the husband now agrees
that the wife contributed 100% towards the purchase of the Grandeur Park
property. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

JS at p 34.

This is consistent with the husband’s account in his affidavits that “[the
wife] utilized all her savings accumulated through all the years of not
contributing towards the [Flora Drive property], to purchase a new property in
Grandeur Park Condo”. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

RA Vol II at p 104.

The husband even went further to calculate the moneys that the wife had saved
over the years of marriage, in order to submit that “[t]he amount of
$306,893.82 surplus money [the wife] had saved clearly indicated that this is
more than sufficient to fund her initial purchase of the [Grandeur Park
property]”. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

RA Vol II at pp 118–119.

In my view, therefore, the husband’s own computations lend some support to the
wife’s submission that the withdrawals from Account -137 from February to
March 2017 were to facilitate the purchase of the Grandeur Park property.

52 Comparing the bank statement of Account -137 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

RA Vol II at pp 259–260.

and Account -001, 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

RA Vol II at pp 403 and 406.

it would appear that $19,950.00 of the withdrawals from 21 February 2017 to 3
March 2017 were accounted for, being transfers from Account -137 to Account
-001. As for the transfer of $30,000.00 from Account -137 on 4 March 2017,
this appeared to correspond with the date on which the cheque of $30,050
(booking fee for the Grandeur Park property) was issued. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

RA Vol I at p 544.

53 Given the timing of the withdrawals from Account -137, ie, 21 February 2017
to 8 March 2017, vis-à-vis the timing of the purchase of the Grandeur Park
property, ie, early March 2017, I find that the withdrawals from Account -137
were probably applied to the purchase. I therefore find that the husband has
not raised a prima facie case of dissipation and decline to draw an adverse
inference against the wife with regard to Account -137.

(4) Wife’s Account -880

54 Turning to POSB bank account number ending 880 (“Account -880”), the
husband submitted that an adverse inference should be drawn on the basis that
the wife made no mention of this bank account in her list of assets, but
proceeded to exhibit a bank book which shows (a) a balance of $48,139.53 at
the end of 2016, (b) a withdrawal of $45,000.00 on 22 February 2017, (c)
resulting in a closing balance as at 22 February 2017 of $3,139.53. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

JS at p 41; RA Vol I at pp 548–549.

55 As with the analysis of Account -137 above, I do not think that the
withdrawals which the wife made during the period of February 2017 to March
2017 from Account -137 and Account -880 either individually or collectively
warrant the drawing of an adverse inference against the wife based on
concealment of assets or dissipation. For Account -880, the wife exhibited the
bank statement as evidence of payments that she made to the purchase of the
Grandeur Park property. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

RA Vol I at p 423.

These withdrawals were made around the time the wife signed the option to
purchase in early March 2017. While the size of the withdrawals do not
completely match the total initial sum of about $75,230.00 required to
purchase the property, 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

RA Vol I at pp 544–545.

the difference is not so significant vis-à-vis the sum required as to warrant
the drawing of an adverse inference. As such, I decline to draw an adverse
inference against the wife in respect of Account -880.

(5) Wife’s Account -001

56 As for Account -001, I note that it is not the husband’s case that the wife
failed to provide him with the bank statements of Account -001. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

JS at pp 53–55.

Dealing first with the arguments in his Appellant’s Case, 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

H’s Case at para 73.

I fail to see how a sum of $47,725.30 in withdrawals for the whole year of
2018 vis-à-vis a sum of $43,388.92 in withdrawals for the period of January to
September 2019 warrants a finding of an adverse inference. The husband also
did not explain how the mere fact that the wife’s monthly salary was not
reflected in the bank statements for certain months warrants a finding of an
adverse inference.

57 In any event, in the Joint Summary, the husband shifted away from his
original arguments in his Appellant’s Case. In the Joint Summary, he took the
position that an adverse inference ought to be drawn because the bank
statements reflected large deposits into this account between 22 to 23
February 2017 and a withdrawal of $30,000 on 7 March 2017, which he claimed
could not have been “meant for her home payment” as the withdrawal was made
after the cheque of $30,050 was issued on 4 March 2017 (see in this regard
[52] above). 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

JS at pp 53–54.

58 Again, I find that the husband has fallen short of satisfying me that an
adverse inference should be drawn against the wife. With regard to the large
deposits into Account -001, I do not think that the husband has established a
case of concealment or dissipation, particularly when these deposits appear to
correspond with withdrawals from the wife’s other bank accounts (see [52]
above). In any event, I accept the wife’s explanation that the movement of
funds at the material time between February and March 2017 was to facilitate
her purchase of the Grandeur Park property. I am unable to see why the wife’s
withdrawal of $30,000 on 7 March 2017 could not have been “meant for her home
payment”. As the wife pointed out, stamp duties and legal fees were still due
after that date. The husband’s rebuttal that the stamp duties and legal fees
were paid from her UOB account and not Account -001 does not go very far
because the wife was not saying that the withdrawal of $30,000 from Account
-001 went directly towards the payments. Rather, I understand her submission
in respect of her bank accounts to be that she was combining her savings from
various accounts to prepare for the purchase of the Grandeur Park property. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

JS at p 42.

The husband’s observation that the eventual payments for the said property
were through her UOB account supports – rather than contradicts – the wife’s
submission. As such, I decline to draw an adverse inference against the wife
for Account -001.

(6) Husband’s Accounts

59 In the Joint Summary, the wife repeated the arguments on adverse inferences
which she had made in the court below. These concerned:

(a) The husband’s failure to produce complete bank statements for Account -513
and POSB Account number ending 1154 (“Account -1154”); 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

JS at pp 59–63; RA Vol II at pp 620–621, paras 41–43.

(b) The husband’s failure to produce the monthly bank statements for his two
ANZ Account numbers ending 465 and 481; 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

JS at pp 64–66; RA Vol II at p 621, para 44.

(c) The husband’s failure to provide any documents related to a time share,
such as its value, despite listing the said time share as a matrimonial asset
to be divided; 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

JS at pp 66–68; RA Vol II at p 621, para 45.

and

(d) The discrepancy between the husband’s earnings and assets.

60 While the husband has objected to these arguments being raised by the wife
in the Joint Summary, I do not think that it prevents me from considering her
arguments, especially since they were the same arguments she had already
raised in the court below. I had also requested parties to file the Joint
Summary which was to represent his or her binding position (see [14] above);
and as can be seen from what I have earlier said about some of the husband’s
own arguments, both parties took the opportunity to elaborate on – and on
occasion depart from – positions taken in the Appellant’s Case or the
Respondent’s Case. With respect, I should add that the DJ erred in making no
findings at all on adverse inferences, when parties had expressly argued
before her for adverse inferences to be drawn against each other. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

RA Vol I at p 61.

61 Dealing first with the accounts at [59(a)], I am of the view that the wife
has shown a substratum of evidence which establishes a prima facie case
against the husband (see [39] above). First, it does not appear to be disputed
by the husband that he only disclosed some bank statements of each account and
not others. His explanation for his failure to disclose the other bank
statements is that the remaining statements “were in the Matrimonial Home
which Wife was occupying exclusively”. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

JS at pp 59 and 63.

I find this explanation to be unsatisfactory given that the husband did not
appear to have difficulties securing bank statements of Account -513 for the
preceding period of “almost 5 years from December 2013 to June 2018”; and he
also acknowledged that these bank statements could have been procured from the
bank albeit at a fee. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

JS at p 60; RA Vol II at p 597.

I should add that the mere fact of non-disclosure of some of the statements
per se would not have led me to draw an adverse inference. What I found
extremely telling was the bank statements which were not disclosed: it
appeared to me suspiciously convenient that the periods of non-disclosure, ie,
July 2018 to June 2019 for Account -513 and August 2018 to March 2019 for
Account -1154, coincided with the period when the husband filed the writ for
divorce, ie, October 2018. I also do not accept the husband’s further
explanation for his selective disclosure of the bank statements of Account
-1154, ie, that “this Current Account holds no funds as it was only used as a
cheque issuing facility”. The onus was on the husband to provide full and
frank disclosure. In the circumstances, I am of the view that an adverse
inference ought to be drawn against the husband for his selective disclosure
of bank statements for Account -513 and Account -1154.

62 As for the ANZ accounts at [59(b)], I note that the husband does not
dispute the wife’s account that he did not produce any monthly bank statements
for the two ANZ accounts and “only produced a letter from ANZ (undated)
confirming the account balance as of 16 December 2019 for account ending with
465 and an online screenshot of the available balance” [emphasis in original].
106

##### Foot Note 106

×

JS at p 64.

The husband’s explanation in this regard is that he “tried to request for
statements … He has provided the documents that he was given. He could not do
anything else to make the bank provide further documents”. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

JS at p 65.

Yet, this explanation falls short when it does not appear to be supported by
any documentary evidence of either his efforts to request for the statements
and/or the bank’s alleged refusal to provide the said statements. Given that
the husband does not dispute the existence of these accounts 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

RA Vol II at p 598.

and does not dispute the wife’s account that he provided an online screenshot
of the available balance, I am of the view that an adverse inference ought to
be drawn against the husband for his failure to disclose any monthly bank
statements for the two ANZ accounts.

63 With regard to the time share at [59(c)], the husband acknowledged that the
membership was “solely paid and maintained by [him]”. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

JS at p 67.

I also note that it was the husband who had set out the time share in his
proposal for the division of matrimonial assets and submitted that “[the
Husband] shall maintain the share in his own name”. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

RA Vol I at p 145.

His present explanation for his inability to provide a value of the time share
is unbelievable and self-contradictory. On one hand, he claimed to have
“enquired with the Club Representative in Singapore and they were not able to
provide him with a tangible value of the time share he had”. Again, it does
not appear that he provided any evidence of these communications. On the other
hand, he submitted that the “Wife could have made an enquiry herself in the
open market to find out the value of the time share” – which begs the question
as to why he himself could not have made such enquiries. To add to the string
of contradictions, he further claimed that he “was not able to provide any
value of the time share because [its] value … is dynamic and varies according
to the demand of such commodities at the time of sale”. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

JS at p 68.

64 Given the above evidence, I draw an adverse inference against the husband
for his failure to provide the documents related to the time share and/or the
value of the time share at the material time of the AM hearing.

65 Finally, in respect of the discrepancy between the husband’s earnings and
assets, I note that the husband has disclosed a total of $192,263.53 across
his 6 bank accounts (see [20] above). The wife submitted that an adverse
inference should be drawn given the “huge discrepancy between the Husband’s
earnings and the available monies in his bank accounts”. However, I decline to
draw an adverse inference against the husband on this basis alone. The wife
needed to do more to establish a prima facie case here: it was not sufficient
for her to allege in general terms that the husband would have a “healthy
balance of more than S$10,000 in cash every month” or to compare broadly the
husband’s NOA in one year as against his assets in order to assert that he
must have been concealing certain assets.

66 In light of the husband’s lack of full and frank disclosure with regard to
the assets at [59(a)] to [59(c)], I consider it appropriate to draw an adverse
inference against the husband. I will deal with how to give effect to the
adverse inference drawn against the husband later at [89].

Conclusion on the pool of matrimonial assets

67 I summarise the pool of matrimonial assets in the following table:

S/N| Description| Value  
---|---|---  
Joint Assets  
1| Australian property| $48,666.00  
Sub-total (A)| $48,666.00  
Husband’s Assets  
2| Flora Drive property (see [28] above)| $800,899.63  
3| Audi A8| $95,000.00  
4| Account -513| $31,668.42  
5| Account -540| $0  
6| Account -4652| $56,784.95  
7| Account -455| $5,185.42  
8| Account -055| $85,094.74  
9| ANZ Savers Account| $13,530.00  
10| Prudential policy (see [37] above)| $6,172.00  
11| AIA policy (see [37] above)| $20,122.23  
12| CPF Savings (see [36] above)| $508,913.35  
Sub-total (B)| $1,623,370.74  
Wife’s Assets  
13| Grandeur Park property (see [30] above)| $126,883.28  
14| Penang property| $105,066.71  
15| Mini Cooper| $62,000.00  
16| Account -001| $45,571.03  
17| Account -484| $4,561.92  
18| Account -137| $448.81  
19| Citibank (Malaysia) Flexi Home Loan Account| $1,372.88  
20| Account -6154| $405.53  
21| Manulife Policy| $14,208.74  
22| Wife’s shares| $56,946.90  
23| CPF Savings| $147,264.16  
Sub-total (C)| $564,729.96  
Total| $2,236,766.70  
  
Division of the pool of matrimonial assets

68 Having determined and valued the pool of matrimonial assets, I turn to
address how the pool should be divided between the parties.

69 In applying the ANJ structured approach (see [12] above), I will first
consider each party’s direct and indirect contributions.

Direct contributions

Agreed direct contributions

70 Parties agree on the following direct contributions: 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

JS at pp 24–40; RA Vol II at pp 640–641 and 659–662; H’s Case at pp 112–114.

S/N| Description| Husband| Wife  
---|---|---|---  
1| Australian property| $48,666.00| $0  
2| Flora Drive property| $800,899.63| $0  
3| Audi A8| $95,000.00| $0  
4| Account -513| $31,668.42| $0  
5| Account -540| $0| $0  
6| Account -4652| $56,784.95| $0  
7| Account -455| $5,185.42| $0  
8| Account -055| $85,094.74| $0  
9| ANZ Savers Account| $13,530.00| $0  
10| Prudential policy| $6,172.00| $0  
11| AIA policy| $20,122.23| $0  
12| CPF Savings| $508,913.35| $0  
13| Mini Cooper| $62,000.00| $0  
14| Grandeur Park property| $0| $126,883.28  
15| Account -001| $0| $45,571.03  
16| Account -484| $0| $4,561.92  
17| Account -137| $0| $448.81  
18| Citibank (Malaysia) Flexi Home Loan Account| $0| $1,372.88  
19| Account -6154| $0| $405.53  
20| Manulife Policy| $0| $14,208.74  
21| Wife’s shares| $0| $56,946.90  
22| CPF Savings| $0| $147,264.16  
Total| $1,734,036.74| $397,663.25  
  
71 I make several points on the table above.

(a) Firstly, it is not clear to me why the husband has for the purposes of
this appeal chosen to include his financial outlay for the Audi A8 and Mini
Cooper as his direct contributions, without taking into account the net value
of each asset. He submitted that the purchase price of $220,000.00 for the
Audi A8 and $110,000.00 for the Mini Cooper should constitute his direct
contributions, 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

H’s Case at pp 113–114.

without adjusting for their net value. I decline to adopt the husband’s
proposed approach. Instead, I find that the more principled approach is to
attribute parties’ direct contributions based on the net value of the asset,
after determining the ratio in which parties contributed to the acquisition of
that asset. In any event, the husband appeared to concede in the Joint Summary
that his contribution should be pro-rated to the net value of the property.
114

##### Foot Note 114

×

JS at pp 29–30 and 33–34.

Based on the agreed net values of the Audi A8 and Mini Cooper, I attribute
$95,000.00 and $62,000.00 to the husband as his direct contributions to each
asset respectively.

(b) With regard to the Flora Drive property, the DJ found that “[t]he Husband
was solely responsible for the down payment and the subsequent [instalments]
throughout and even for the periods after he left the home and until the
present proceedings” (see [31] of the GD). While the wife had in the
proceedings below averred that she contributed $8,000.00 by way of booking fee
to the Flora Drive property 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

RA Vol II at p 624.

(and this was an assertion which she repeated in the Joint Summary), I note
that the wife has not produced any evidence that she contributed $8,000.00 by
way of booking fee. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

JS at pp 24–25.

As such, I do not disturb the DJ’s finding that the husband’s direct
contributions to the Flora Drive property is 100.00%. Having accepted that the
net value of the Flora Drive property is $800,899.63, I attribute $800,899.63
as the direct contributions of the husband.

(c) As for the Grandeur Park property, the husband no longer disputes that the
wife’s contributions to the Grandeur Park property is 100.00%. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

JS at p 34.

Having found that the net value of the Grandeur Park property is $126,883.28,
I attribute $126,883.28 as the direct contributions of the wife. I do not
accept the parties’ agreed approach of taking the wife’s financial outlay for
the Grandeur Park property as her direct contributions, without taking into
account the net value.

Disputed direct contributions

72 As for the Penang property, I note that the DJ made a finding that the
husband contributed $56,910.00 to the purchase price of the Penang property,
which claim the wife did not refute (see [32]–[33] of the GD). In the
Respondent’s Case, the wife claimed that this was because she “did not have
the opportunity to fully address the Husband’s version of events”. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

W’s Case at para 149.

I am unable to accept this explanation. In any event and even during this
appeal, the wife did not appear to seriously dispute the husband’s contention
that he contributed $56,910.00 towards the Penang property (which moneys came
from the intended purchase of a previous Malaysian property) since she has not
put forward any alternative explanation of her own. As such, I see no reason
to disturb the DJ’s finding in this regard.

73 In this appeal, the husband contends that he made the payment of the
remainder of the down-payment of some $20,000.00 although he conceded in the
Joint Summary that the wife made the mortgage payments of some $50,566.94. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

JS at p 35.

The main dispute between the parties is as to who made the payment of the
remaining down-payment of $20,000.00.

74 From what I have seen of the materials before me, the husband does not
appear to have provided any evidence of his having made such a payment to the
wife. As for his submission that she could not have made any contributions to
the purchase of the Penang property in 2013 as she worked odd jobs from 2007
to April 2009 and had stopped working from mid-2012 to mid-2014, it is telling
that he left out the fact that she was gainfully employed from April 2009 to
June 2012. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

H’s Case at para 51.

As I found at [5] above, during this period, it is not disputed that the wife
did well at work, and this is also reflected in her CPF balances which grew
significantly. Coupled with the fact that the wife provided supporting
documents of payments she made for the Penang property, 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

RA Vol I at pp 239–243.

versus the lack of evidence from the husband of his alleged transfer of
$20,000.00, I find that the balance down-payment for the Penang property was
provided by the wife. As such, the respective parties’ direct contributions to
the Penang property are as follows:

S/N| Expense| Husband| Wife  
---|---|---|---  
1| Purchase Price| $56,910.00| $20,000.00  
2| Mortgage Payments| $0| $50,566.94  
Total direct contribution in acquiring Penang property ($127,476.94)|
$56,910.00| $70,566.94  
Ratio| 44.64%| 55.36%  
Direct contribution to Penang property valued at $105,066.71 | $46,901.78| $58,164.93  
  
Ratio (direct contributions)

75 The parties’ direct contributions are as follows:

S/N| Description| Husband| Wife  
---|---|---|---  
1| Agreed direct contributions| $1,734,036.74| $397,663.25  
2| Penang property| $46,901.78| $58,164.93  
Total ($2,236,766.70)| $1,780,938.52| $455,828.18  
Ratio| 79.62%| 20.38%  
  
76 As such, the direct ratio is 80:20 (rounded up) in favour of the husband.

Indirect contributions

77 In this appeal, the husband submitted that the ratio of indirect
contributions should be 95:5 in his favour. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

JS at p 72.

This is a stark departure from his position in the court below where he had
submitted that the ratio of indirect contributions should be 70:30 in his
favour (see [8] above). No explanation was given for this drastic change in
position. As for the wife, she maintained the position taken in the court
below: namely, that the indirect contributions should be 70:30 in her favour
(see [9] above).

78 In relation to indirect contributions, the court considers both indirect
financial and non-financial contributions. In USB (CA) at [43], the CA noted:

In our judgment, the broad-brush approach should be applied with particular
vigour in assessing the parties’ indirect contributions. This would serve the
purpose of discouraging needless acrimony during the ancillary proceedings.
Practically, this means that, in ascertaining the ratio of indirect
contributions, the court should not focus unduly on the minutiae of family
life. Instead, the court should direct its attention to broad factual
indicators when determining the ratio of parties’ indirect contributions.
These would include factors such as the length of the marriage, the number of
children, and which party was the children’s primary caregiver.

79 Dealing first with indirect financial contributions, I note that the wife
does not dispute the husband’s account that he paid for most of the household
bills. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

RA Vol I at p 180 and 424.

The husband provided her with a supplementary credit card and gave her a
monthly allowance of $2,000.00 from around June 2012. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

RA Vol I at p 428.

At the same time, the husband acknowledged that the wife was not one to idle
at home. Despite his efforts to persuade her otherwise, the wife went back to
work on several occasions, and she did well in the roles she took on. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

RA Vol I at p 77–78.

In his affidavit, the husband also acknowledged that the wife did pay for some
expenses. For instance, the Penang property loan repayments, maintenance bills
and the wife’s personal expenses totalling around $1,250.00 a month were paid
from the wife’s own savings (as well as the monthly allowances he gave her).
126

##### Foot Note 126

×

RA Vol II at p 119 and 244.

Insofar as the husband submitted that he paid for everything, I am of the view
that he may have overstated his case. While the husband did contribute more
financially to the marriage, I find that the wife did contribute as well to
the family finances. This was supported by evidence of her work history. After
all, it was on her own initiative that she sought gainful employment, and it
is not disputed by the husband that she did earn a decent salary for a large
part of the marriage. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

H’s Case at para 22.

80 As for indirect non-financial contributions, there are several facts which
are undisputed by parties. First, there are no children to the marriage.
Second, for the duration of the marriage, neither party appeared to be the
primary caregiver to the other’s parents; and it is not suggested that either
set of parents stayed at their matrimonial home for extended periods. At the
same time, the parties were agreed that the husband was away from Singapore
for extended periods due to the nature of his job, ie, about two weeks in a
month. This is the point where any agreement between the parties ceases and
the dispute begins.

81 In his 2nd affidavit, the husband described at length the purported
laziness of the wife, claiming that the wife “never did lift a finger to help”
in the housework 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

RA Vol II at p 88.

and that he was “the one who managed all the household chores” [emphasis
added]. 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

RA Vol II at p 98.

On the other hand, the wife claimed that the husband “was never involved in
the domestic sphere” as “[h]e would often be jet lagged and sleeping during
the day” [emphasis added]. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

RA Vol I at p 177.

The picture each party painted of their married life could not be more
different from the other’s, with each claiming that he or she took care of
virtually everything in the domestic sphere, while the other party did
absolutely nothing in return. Even their pet dog, who has since passed away,
was brought into the fray. The wife claimed that she was the one who would
“care for [their pet dog] … whilst [the husband] rested at home”. 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

RA Vol I at p 177.

The husband claimed that the wife “left [their pet dog] mostly unattended and
uncared for whilst [he] was working overseas” and that “it always fell on
[him] to take good care of [their pet dog] whenever [he] was in Singapore”.
132

##### Foot Note 132

×

RA Vol II at p 87.

82 Given the wildly differing narratives which parties put forward, I fall
back again on the undisputed evidence. First, as to the husband’s assertion
that the wife was lazy and did not “lift a finger to help” in the domestic
sphere, I find his assertion hard to believe taking into account the wife’s
undisputed work ethic. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

See for eg, RA Vol II at p 94.

I add that given the husband’s own evidence about the extended periods of time
he spent away from home as a result of his job, 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

RA Vol I at pp 77–78 and 145; RA Vol II at pp 97–98; H’s Case at para 41.

I find it unbelievable that it would have been possible for the wife to shirk
all responsibility for domestic chores: although parties did have the
assistance of part time helpers, 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

RA Vol I at p 173; RA Vol II at p 82.

they were agreed that there were still many domestic chores to be done.

83 Moreover, it is clear from his Statement of Particulars dated 15 October
2018 (“SOP”) that it was the husband who had actively urged the wife to stop
working in or about 2011 in order to spend more time with him. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

RA Vol I at p 77.

This corroborated the wife’s account that she had in fact left a successful
job in end 2011 to join another company so that she could spend more time at
home with the husband, eventually quitting her job altogether to be a
homemaker at the husband’s urging. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

RA Vol I at p 179.

While the husband claimed that this was merely an excuse and that she had
switched jobs as she was underperforming, 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

RA Vol II at p 95.

no mention of this was made in his initial SOP. Instead, what was described
was how the wife had consistently chosen to work instead of stay at home. 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

RA Vol I at p 77.

What is also clear is that the wife was a homemaker for a period of around 4
years while the husband was away for extended periods due to his job.

84 I also reject the husband’s submission in this appeal that the length of
the marriage should be halved to some 4.5 years 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

H’s Case at paras 18 and 41.

because his job as an airline captain meant that he was away from Singapore
half the time. This submission appeared to be an afterthought and was in any
event wholly unsupported by any authority for such an approach. If anything, I
consider the husband’s frequent absences to be of some relevance to his
indirect non-financial contributions, namely the extent to which he could have
contributed in the domestic sphere.

85 Taking the circumstances in the round, I find the ratio of indirect
contributions (both financial and non-financial) to be 60:40 in favour of the
husband.

86 As for the husband’s submission that a negative value should be ascribed to
the wife’s indirect non-financial contributions, the husband has not met the
high threshold required for such a finding. For such a finding to be made,
there must be evidence that the wife’s conduct was undisputed and extreme: per
the Court of Appeal in Chan Tin Sun v Fong Quay Sim [2015] 2 SLR 195 at [25]).
In that case, the wife was found to have “embarked on a premeditated course of
action to inflict harm on the Husband by poisoning him over a period of time”
(at [54]). The Court of Appeal held that her conduct was undisputed and
extreme, and that a negative value ought to be ascribed to it, which the court
gave effect to by applying a 7% discount to the 35% which the wife had been
awarded of the matrimonial assets (at [57]–[58]). In the present case, the
factors highlighted by the husband, such as the wife’s purported lack of
concern for his parents or her purported refusal to start a family, 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

H’s Case at pp 105–108.

fall very far short of what is required before a court is prepared to ascribe
a negative value to the wife’s conduct.

Average ratio and adjustments

87 Applying the ANJ approach, which is a broad brush approach, I summarise the
ratios identified above as follows:

Contributions| Husband| Wife  
---|---|---  
Direct Contribution Ratio| 80%| 20%  
Indirect Contribution Ratio| 60%| 40%  
Average Ratio| 70%| 30%  
  
88 At this juncture, I was of the view that a small adjustment should be made
to the average ratio to take into account the rent-free occupation enjoyed by
the wife in the matrimonial home to the exclusion of the husband since
separation, which amounted to about $60,000.00 for 4 years, taking into
account the wife’s equal right to reside in the matrimonial home. This is
about 2.5% of the total pool of matrimonial assets valued at $2,236,766.70.

89 At the same time, having found that an adverse inference ought to be drawn
against the husband for his lack of full and frank disclosure (see [66]
above), I give effect to it by adjusting the average ratio by 5% in favour of
the wife. Doing so would be just and equitable in the circumstances.

90 Having regard to all the circumstances, I conclude that a just and
equitable division is 67.5:32.5 in favour of the husband. This amounts to
$1,509,817.52 (being 0.675 x $2,236,766.70) for the husband and $726,949.18
(being 0.325 x $2,236,766.70) for the wife.

Apportionment

91 I turn now to the apportionment of the matrimonial assets. Given that I
have valued the wife’s assets at $564,729.96 (see [67] above), the difference
between the wife’s assets and her entitlement upon division is $162,219.22
(being $726,949.18 - $564,729.96).

92 In the circumstances, I reverse the DJ’s order that the wife shall be
entitled to $200,000.00 of the husband’s CPF moneys in his ordinary account,
and order instead that the wife shall be entitled to $162,219.22 of the
husband’s CPF moneys in his ordinary account. I do not find it necessary to
make any changes to the DJ’s other orders on the division of matrimonial
assets. I am of the view that this outcome is fair and just in all the
circumstances.

Maintenance for the wife

93 The wife argued that the DJ’s decision on lump sum maintenance of $60,000,
being $1,000 a month for five years should be upheld, whereas the husband’s
primary argument is that she should get no maintenance at all.

94 As Debbie Ong JC (as she then was) noted in TNC v TND [2016] 3 SLR 1172
(“TNC”) (at [66]), an order of maintenance under s 113 of the Women’s Charter
supplements the order for the division of matrimonial assets: maintenance is
based on need (see also BUX v BUY [2019] SGHCF 4 at [55]). In TNC (at [68]),
Ong JC decided not to award the wife any maintenance – but this was in view of
the fact that the wife had been awarded the “massive” sum of $10.7 million in
the division of matrimonial assets. On appeal, the Court of Appeal left Ong
JC’s orders on maintenance undisturbed (see TND v TNC and another appeal
[2017] SGCA 34 at [104]). In Lock Yeng Fun, the Court of Appeal rescinded the
order for lump sum maintenance for the wife after awarding her 50% of the
matrimonial assets, which amounted to $1.6 million. Conversely, in Oh Choon v
Lee Siew Lin [2014] 1 SLR 629, the Court of Appeal decided that the lump sum
maintenance awarded to the wife should be increased as it had held on appeal
that her share of the total pool of matrimonial assets should be reduced from
26.29% to 15% (from a sum of $760,964.89 to a sum of $434,231.19) (see also
Lee Siew Lin v Oh Choon [2013] SGHC 25 at [26]). As the Court of Appeal noted
in its judgment (at [21]), “courts regularly take into account each party’s
share of the matrimonial assets when they assess the appropriate quantum of
maintenance to be ordered”; and in that case, having reduced the proportion of
matrimonial assets to be given to the wife, it was “only fair” that they
revised upwards the amount of maintenance awarded to her. The court therefore
increased the wife’s lump sum maintenance from the $5,000 awarded by the judge
below to a sum of $72,000.

95 Based on the findings I have arrived at in this case, the wife will receive
32.5% of the matrimonial assets, with a total value of $726,949.18.
Considering the share of matrimonial assets awarded to the wife and having
regard to the factors enumerated in s 114(1) of the Women’s Charter, I see no
reason to reverse or adjust the DJ’s order for lump sum maintenance of
$60,000. Inter alia, I note that although the wife has shown herself to be
capable of improving her career prospects and earning capacity over time, her
current salary and her share of the matrimonial assets are far from what I
would describe as “massive” or even particularly bountiful; and bearing in
mind her ongoing financial commitments, $60,000 appears to me to be a fair sum
to award her in lump sum maintenance.

Conclusion

96 For the reasons stated above, my decision is as follows:

(a) The appeal is allowed only to the extent that I reverse the DJ’s order
that the wife shall be entitled to $200,000 of the husband’s CPF moneys in his
ordinary account and order instead that the wife shall be entitled to
$162,219.22 of the husband’s CPF moneys in his ordinary account. The DJ’s
other orders on the division of matrimonial assets are to remain.

(b) The DJ’s order that the husband is to pay a lump sum maintenance of
$60,000 to the wife in two equal instalments is to remain. The husband is to
pay the first instalment of $30,000 within 1 month from today (ie by 18 August
2021) and the second instalment of $30,000 within 6 months therefrom (ie by 16
February 2022).

97 As neither party has been entirely successful in the appeal, I find that
the fairest order to make as to costs should be that each party bear his or
her own costs of SUM 65 and DCA 111. I so order accordingly.

98 As to the mode of payment of the maintenance instalments, I leave it to
parties to work out the administrative arrangements for payment. Parties have
liberty to apply to me only in respect of the timing of the instalment
payments.

Mavis Chionh Sze Chyi  
Judge of the High Court  
---  
  
Foo Soon Yien and Kong Shin Ying Brenda (BR Law Corporation) for the
appellant;

Leong Kit Ying Melissa (Bayfront Law LLC) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 22 Jul 2021 (07:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

