Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  
THE

high court of the republic of singapore

Originating Summons No. 666 of 2020 (Summons No. 4317 of 2020)

Between

| Ocean Tankers (Pte) Ltd (under judicial management)  
---|---  
  
… Applicant

And

| Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

Originating Summons No. 704 of 2020 (Summons No. 4318 of 2020)

Between

| Hin Leong Trading (Pte) Ltd (under judicial management)  
---|---  
  
… Applicant

And

| Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

GROUNDS OF DECISION

[Civil procedure] — [Pleadings] — [Striking out]

[Companies] — [Receiver and manager] — [Judicial management order]

[Companies] — [Directors] — [Powers]

  
  

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Ocean Tankers (Pte) Ltd (under judicial management)

  
v

  

Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP and another matter

[2021] SGHC 47

General Division of the High Court — Originating Summons No. 666 of 2020
(Summons No. 4317 of 2020) and Originating Summons No. 704 of 2020 (Summons
No. 4318 of 2020)  
Kannan Ramesh J  
4 November 2020

25 February 2021

Kannan Ramesh J:

Introduction

1 In these proceedings, the applicants in Originating Summons Nos 666 and 704
of 2020 (“OS 666” and “OS 704” respectively and “the Injunction actions”
collectively), Ocean Tankers (Pte) Ltd (“OTPL”) and Hin Leong Trading (Pte)
Ltd (“HLT”) respectively, sought injunctions against the respondent Rajah &
Tann Singapore LLP (“R&T”). The injunctions were to restrain R&T from:

(a) advising and acting for OTPL and HLT in Originating Summons Nos 452 and
417 of 2020 (“the JM applications”), which were applications for judicial
management orders against the companies; and

(b) advising and acting for the interim judicial managers and the judicial
managers of OTPL and HLT, if they were appointed.

2 Prior to the filing of the Injunction actions, interim judicial managers
were appointed on the applications of OTPL and HLT. The interim judicial
managers thereafter retained the services of R&T. It would appear that as a
result, the Injunction actions were filed. The directors of OTPL and HLT, Mr
Lim Chee Meng (“Mr Evan Lim”) and Ms Lim Huey Ching (“the Lims” collectively),
procured OTPL and HLT to file the Injunction actions. However, they did not
procure OTPL and HLT to seek interim injunctions pending the disposal of the
Injunction actions. The JM applications were subsequently granted and the
interim judicial managers of OTPL and HLT were appointed the judicial managers
of the companies. The judicial managers of OTPL and HLT also retained the
services of R&T.

3 Subsequently, R&T applied in Summons Nos 4317 and 4318 of 2020 (“the
Striking-Out applications”) to strike out the Injunction actions under O 18 r
19(1)(a), (b) or (d) or alternatively, under O 92 r 4 of the Rules of Court
(Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed) (“Rules”). The applications were filed on the
basis that:

(a) the Lims, as directors of OTPL and HLT, did not have the standing, power
or authority to cause the companies to commence and proceed with the
Injunction actions; and

(b) the Injunction actions disclosed no reasonable cause of action and/or were
scandalous, frivolous or vexatious and/or were an abuse of the process of the
court.

4 Shortly before the hearing of the Striking-Out applications, Mr Lim Oon Kuin
(“Mr O K Lim”) and the Lims applied in Summons Nos 4429 and 4417 of 2020 (“the
Joinder applications”) to add themselves as parties to the Injunction actions.

5 The Striking-Out applications and the Joinder applications were heard on 4
November 2020. I allowed the Striking-Out applications and struck out the
Injunction actions on the basis the Lims did not have standing as directors of
OTPL and HLT to cause the companies to bring them. Further, I disallowed the
Joinder applications. OTPL and HLT have appealed against my decision on the
Striking-Out applications. I set out the full grounds for my decision in
respect of the Striking-Out applications. For completeness, I should mention
that Mr O K Lim and the Lims sought leave to appeal my decision on the Joinder
applications. The leave applications were heard on 8 February 2021 and I
declined to grant leave.

Background

6 HLT is in the business of oil trading. OTPL is a ship chartering and
management company. OTPL and HLT’s businesses were deeply inter-dependent. The
two companies were part of a group of companies with interlocking business
interests that were owned and managed by the Lim Family. Mr O K Lim is the
patriarch of the Lim Family. He and his two children, the Lims, are the sole
shareholders of OTPL and HLT. At all material times, the Lims were also the
directors of OTPL and HLT. Mr O K Lim was a director of both companies until
he stepped down on 17 April 2020. In or around the first quarter of 2020, HLT
encountered financial difficulties and as a result, was unable to meet its
debt obligations. On 8 April 2020, HLT engaged R&T to advise on issues arising
from its insolvency. HLT’s financial woes in turn impacted OTPL’s business and
financial position given their interlocking interests. It too engaged R&T to
advise on available restructuring options. As a result, R&T filed, on behalf
of OTPL and HLT, applications under s 211B of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006
Rev Ed) (“Companies Act”) pending a proposed debt restructuring exercise (“the
s 211B applications”). The s 211B applications were subsequently withdrawn
with leave of court on 27 April 2020 (for HLT) and on 12 May 2020 (for OTPL)
in the face of, amongst other things, significant creditor resistance to a
debtor-in-possession restructuring. Such resistance was a consequence of
certain admissions made by Mr O K Lim in the supporting affidavits for the s
211B applications. In place of the s 211B applications, the Lims procured OTPL
and HLT to file the JM applications and applications for the appointment of
interim judicial managers. These applications were again filed by R&T on
behalf of the companies.

7 As stated at [2] above, I placed HLT and OTPL under interim judicial
management on 27 April 2020 and 12 May 2020 respectively, and the interim
judicial managers retained the services of R&T. Subsequently, the Lims
procured OTPL and HLT to file the Injunction actions on 9 July 2020 (as
regards OS 666) and 21 July 2020 (as regards OS 704). On 7 August 2020, I
granted the JM applications and appointed the respective interim judicial
managers as judicial managers.

8 It is relevant that despite the appointment of interim judicial managers
over OTPL and HLT, the Lims did not seek their consent to bring the Injunction
actions, either before or after they were filed. Similarly, they did not seek
the consent of the judicial managers to proceed with the Injunction actions
following their appointment. Instead, the Lims purported to unilaterally act
on behalf of OTPL and HLT in filing and thereafter proceeding with the
Injunction actions.

The parties’ cases

OS 666 and OS 704

The Lims’ case

9 The Lims argued that as directors of OTPL and HLT, they retained residuary
powers to procure the companies to bring the Injunction actions. They
submitted that if such powers were not recognised, there would be no one to
restrain a “hopelessly conflicted” set of lawyers (referring to R&T) from
acting for the judicial managers of the companies.

10 The Lims alleged that from the early 1990s, R&T acted for and/or advised
the Lim Family and the group of companies that they owned including OTPL and
HLT. As a result, they built relationships with the Lim Family and accumulated
knowledge of their business affairs and the affairs of the companies in which
the Lim Family had an interest. When OTPL and HLT faced financial
difficulties, R&T were engaged by the companies and the Lim Family to advise
on how their respective interests could be best protected, and what
restructuring options were available to them. Pursuant to the engagement, R&T
was provided with confidential information and documents relating to the Lim
Family, OTPL and HLT. This included the companies’ audited financial
statements, management accounts and documents relating to OTPL’s vessels and
bareboat charterparties, and information relating to the Lim Family’s
interests. Such information was potentially relevant to the interim judicial
managers and the judicial managers as regards: (a) any investigations they
might undertake into the Lim Family’s conduct in the management of OTPL and
HLT; and/or (b) any adverse position they might take against the Lim Family
and the management of OTPL and HLT. The Lims therefore argued, inter alia,
that the Injunction actions ought to be granted to protect the confidentiality
of the information and documents disclosed to R&T by the Lim Family, OTPL and
HLT.

11 The Lims argued in the alternative that:

(a) R&T owed an equitable duty of confidence arising from the confidential
nature of the information and documents that were disclosed to them, that
there was a “real and sensible possibility” of such information and documents
being misused in breach of the duty of confidence, and that such a breach
ought to be restrained by the grant of injunctive relief; and

(b) in any event, in the interests of the proper administration of justice,
the court should exercise its supervisory jurisdiction to regulate the conduct
of its officers, and restrain R&T from acting against their former clients
about whom they had confidential information.

R&T’s case

12 R&T contended that the Lims had no legal standing to procure OTPL and HLT
to bring the Injunction actions as their powers had been displaced by the
appointment of interim judicial managers and judicial managers pursuant to
orders of court which, it was pointed out, were not appealed against. The
orders of court appointing the interim judicial managers and the judicial
managers (the “IJM Orders” and “JM Orders” respectively) expressly provided
that the affairs, business and property of the applicants were to be managed
by the interim judicial managers and the judicial managers, who had all the
powers and entitlements of the directors. Thus, the Lims’ power as directors
to bring proceedings in the name and on behalf of the company had become
vested in the interim judicial managers and the judicial managers.

13 R&T alternatively contended that the Injunction actions were unmeritorious
as they were both factually and legally unsustainable. As to factual
unsustainability, R&T contended that there was no global engagement of R&T by
all the companies owned by the Lim Family for the purpose of a “group
restructuring” as alleged. Nor did the Lim Family engage R&T to protect their
personal interests as alleged. R&T were at all times retained only by OTPL and
HLT. Further, no implied retainer with the Lim Family arose as R&T neither
regarded nor conducted themselves as having been retained by the Lim Family.
There was therefore no reasonable basis for the Lim Family to have regarded
R&T as acting for them or for R&T to have regarded the Lim Family as their
clients.

14 R&T also contended that the Injunction actions were legally unsustainable
for the following reasons:

(a) The confidential information in issue in the Injunction actions belonged
to OTPL and HLT and not to any other entity or person. As the information
belonged to the companies, there was no basis for R&T to be restrained from
sharing it with the interim judicial managers and the judicial managers of the
companies.

(b) Mr Evan Lim was unable to particularise the confidential information in
issue. He was also unable to identify the party to whom the information
belonged.

(c) Even taking the Lims’ case at its highest that R&T was jointly retained by
the Lim Family, OTPL and HLT, the Lim Family was not entitled to assert that
the information was confidential vis-à-vis OTPL and HLT as information
disclosed pursuant to a joint retainer was not confidential as between the
parties thereto.

(d) Any information which R&T received in their capacity as solicitors for
OTPL and HLT from entities which they did not represent was not confidential
as it was disclosed with the consent of those entities.

(e) Being retained by the interim judicial managers as well as the judicial
managers of OTPL and HLT was a natural extension of R&T’s original brief, ie,
to file the JM applications and advise on restructuring solutions for the
companies. OTPL and HLT must therefore be taken to have consented to R&T
acting for the interim judicial managers and the judicial managers.

(f) OTPL and HLT’s interests were not “adverse” to the interests of their
respective interim judicial managers and judicial managers in any relevant
sense. Instead, the interests of the companies, and the interim judicial
managers and the judicial managers were aligned. In acting for the interim
judicial managers and the judicial managers, R&T was therefore not acting
against the interests of OTPL and HLT.

15 R&T further contended that they had put in place effective measures to
prevent the improper disclosure of confidential information. For example, not
acting in matters adverse to the personal rights and liabilities of the Lim
Family, allocating separate teams of lawyers to handle the OTPL and HLT
engagements, ensuring that there was no sharing of information between the
teams, and not acting or advising on any contentious matter which would put
them in a position of conflict of interest.

The Striking-Out applications

R&T’s case

16 The Striking-Out applications were brought on the basis that the Lims did
not have the standing to procure OTPL and HLT to commence and proceed with the
Injunction actions once the interim judicial managers and the judicial
managers were appointed (see [12] above). R&T relied on the terms of the IJM
Orders, the JM Orders and ss 227G(2) to (4) read with paragraph (d) of the
Eleventh Schedule of the Companies Act.

The Lims’ case

17 The Lims’ case was that as directors of OTPL and HLT, they had residuary
powers to bring the Injunction actions on behalf of the companies (as set out
at [9] above). They submitted that the Injunction actions were not an abuse of
process and that it was instead R&T who abused the court’s process by filing
the Striking-Out applications.

Issues to be determined

18 From the parties’ cases as set out above, it was clear that the principal
hurdle that the Lims had to overcome was to establish that they had legal
standing to procure OTPL and HLT to bring and proceed with the Injunction
actions. If they did not, OS 666 and OS 704 ought to be struck out. This issue
turned on the scope of the residuary powers of directors upon the appointment
of insolvency officeholders such as provisional liquidators, interim judicial
managers, liquidators and judicial managers. It is to this issue that I now
turn.

My decision

The law on striking out

19 O 18 r 19 of the Rules states:

19.—(1) The Court may at any stage of the proceedings order to be struck out
or amended any pleading or the endorsement of any writ in the action, or
anything in any pleading or in the endorsement, on the ground that —

(a) it discloses no reasonable cause of action or defence, as the case may be;

(b) it is scandalous, frivolous or vexatious;

(c) it may prejudice, embarrass or delay the fair trial of the action; or

(d) it is otherwise an abuse of the process of the Court,

and may order the action to be stayed or dismissed or judgment to be entered
accordingly, as the case may be.

…

(2) This Rule shall, as far as applicable, apply to an originating summons as
if it were a pleading.

20 Thus, the absence of legal standing is a basis for striking out under O 18
r 19(1)(b).

Whether the Lims had the standing to bring OS 666 and OS 704

21 The key issue I had to consider in the Striking-Out applications was
whether the Lims had legal standing to bring and proceed with the Injunction
actions. In answering that question, it was relevant that the Injunction
actions were filed after the appointment of interim judicial managers over
OTPL and HLT. The issue requires consideration of the effect that the
appointment of the interim judicial managers and the judicial managers over
OTPL and HLT had on the powers of the Lims as directors. I first consider the
effect of the appointment of the interim judicial managers.

The effect of the appointment of interim judicial managers and judicial
managers

22 The salient provision is s 227B(10)(b) of the Companies Act. It states:

(10) Nothing in this section shall preclude a Court —

…

(b) from appointing, after the making of an application for a judicial
management order and on the application of the person applying for the
judicial management order, an interim judicial manager, pending the making of
a judicial management order, and such interim judicial manager may, if the
Court sees fit, be the person nominated in the application for a judicial
management order. The interim judicial manager so appointed may exercise such
functions, powers and duties as the Court may specify in the order.

[Emphasis added]

23 It is apparent from s 227B(10)(b) that the functions, powers and duties of
the interim judicial managers are defined with reference to the terms of the
order of court appointing them. The IJM Orders (which were in identical terms
for both companies save for the difference in the interim judicial managers
appointed thereunder) were therefore critical. The IJM Orders stated as
follows:

It is ordered that:

…

2\. The affairs, business and property of the Company [ie, HLT and OTPL] be
managed by the Interim Judicial Managers during the period in which the Order
for the appointment of the Interim Judicial Managers is in force;

3\. The Interim Judicial Managers be empowered and authorised to exercise all
powers and entitlements of a judicial manager and all powers and entitlements
of directors of the Company conferred by the Companies Act (Cap. 50) (the
“Act”) and/or by the memorandum and articles of association of the Company, or
by any other applicable law in force, but nothing in this Order shall require
the Interim Judicial Managers to call any meetings of the Company;

…

[Emphasis added]

24 The IJM Orders vested in the interim judicial managers of OTPL and HLT: (a)
the power to manage the affairs, business and property of the companies; and
(b) the powers and entitlements of the judicial managers and directors
conferred by the Companies Act and the memorandum and articles of association
of the companies. The powers conferred by the IJM Orders on the interim
judicial managers were identical to the powers of judicial managers as set out
at ss 227G(2) to (4) read with the Eleventh Schedule of the Companies Act.
Sections 227G(2) to (4) provide as follows:

(2) During the period for which a judicial management order is in force, all
powers conferred and duties imposed on the directors by this Act or by the
constitution of the company shall be exercised and performed by the judicial
manager and not by the directors; but nothing in this subsection shall require
the judicial manager to call any meetings of the company.

(3) The judicial manager of a company –

(a) shall do all such things as may be necessary for the management of the
affairs, business and property of the company; and

(b) shall do all such other things as the Court may by order sanction.

(4) Without prejudice to the generality of subsection (3)(a), the powers
conferred by that subsection shall include the powers specified in the
Eleventh Schedule.

[Emphasis added]

25 Paragraphs (d) and (e) of the Eleventh Schedule to the Companies Act, which
are salient for present purposes, state as follows:

The judicial manager may exercise all or any of the following powers:

…

(d) power to appoint a solicitor or accountant or other professionally
qualified person to assist him in the performance of his functions;

(e) power to bring or defend any action or other legal proceedings in the name
and on behalf of the company;

…

26 Accordingly, it is clear that pursuant to the IJM Orders, the interim
judicial managers of OTPL and HLT were, upon their appointment, vested with
all the powers and entitlements of judicial managers under the Companies Act,
which included the powers vested in the directors. At the same time, the
powers of the directors were divested by s 227G(2) of the Companies Act, read
with the IJM Orders. As stated in Petroships Investment Pte Ltd v Wealthplus
Pte Ltd and others and another matter [2016] 2 SLR 1022 at [65], citing with
approval Tan Cheng Han SC (gen ed), Walter Woon on Company Law (Sweet &
Maxwell, Revised 3rd Ed, 2009) at paras 9.6 to 9.7, upon the appointment of
liquidators or judicial managers, the board of directors is “effectively
functus officio”. The interim judicial managers of OTPL and HLT were therefore
empowered by the IJM Orders to exercise all the powers of the judicial
managers and directors of the companies to the exclusion of the latter. One of
the powers that was vested in the interim judicial managers was the power to,
inter alia, appoint solicitors and to bring proceedings on behalf of the
company (see paragraphs (d) and (e) of the Eleventh Schedule to the Companies
Act, cited at [25] above).

27 Thus, the Lims’ contention that they had the power as directors of OTPL and
HLT to bring the Injunction actions in the name and on behalf of OTPL and HLT
was a non-starter as long as the companies were under interim judicial
management. I next turn to consider the effect of the JM Orders. This requires
consideration of the effect of the appointment of the judicial managers over
OTPL and HLT.

28 In the same way the IJM Orders vested the powers of judicial managers and
the directors on the interim judicial managers of OTPL and HLT and divested
the powers of the directors in the process, the judicial managers of the
companies were vested with the powers prescribed in ss 227G(2) to (4) and the
Eleventh Schedule of the Companies Act (set out at [24]–[25] above) upon their
appointment pursuant to the JM Orders. As noted above, s 227G(2) divested the
directors’ powers and vested them in the judicial managers instead. This was
also reflected in the terms of the JM Orders, which stated:

3\. The affairs, business and property of the Company [ie, OTPL and HLT] shall
be managed by the Judicial Managers during the period in which the Order for
judicial management is in force;

4\. The Judicial Managers are empowered and authorised to exercise all powers
and entitlements of a judicial manager and all powers and entitlements of
directors of the Company conferred by the [Companies] Act and/or by the
memorandum and articles of association of the Company, or by any other
applicable law in force;

29 As noted above at [25], the powers of the judicial managers included the
power to retain solicitors and to, inter alia, bring proceedings in the name
and on behalf of the company. Thus, the Lims’ contention that they had the
power as directors of OTPL and HLT to bring (in this sense, to proceed with)
the Injunction actions in the name and on behalf of OTPL and HLT was again a
non-starter as long as the companies were under judicial management.

The residuary powers of the directors

30 That leaves the question of whether notwithstanding the appointment of the
interim judicial managers and the judicial managers of OTPL and HLT, the Lims
had residuary powers as directors and if so, to what extent. The Lims cited Re
Union Accident Insurance Co. Ltd. [1972] 1 WLR 640 (“Union Accident”). In
Union Accident, provisional liquidators (who hold a position in relation to a
company in provisional liquidation similar to that of an interim judicial
manager) were appointed over the company pursuant to an order of court. The
directors instructed solicitors to apply to discharge the order. Plowman J
dismissed the application on the basis that the appointment had been properly
made. He then considered whether costs ought to be ordered against the
directors’ solicitors personally for bringing the application. This turned on
whether the directors had any power to procure the filing of the application
on behalf of the company. Plowman J held that costs ought not to be ordered
against the directors’ solicitors because the directors had residuary powers
to procure the filing of the application. He held (at 642) as follows:

It is of course well settled that on a winding up the board of directors of a
company becomes functus officio and its powers are assumed by the liquidator …
No doubt that is so, but it is common ground that notwithstanding the
appointment of the provisional liquidator, the board has some residuary
powers, for example it can unquestionably instruct solicitors and counsel to
oppose the current petition and, if a winding-up order is made, to appeal
against that order.

The issue is to the extent of those residuary powers, and in particular
whether they extend to the launching of the present motion. I think that it
may sometimes be helpful to test the matter by considering the other side of
the coin, namely, to inquire whether the power which the board is said to have
lost is one which can be said to have been assumed by the liquidator. If the
answer is that it cannot, that may be a good reason for saying that the board
still retains it. Clearly, for example, as I have already indicated, the power
to instruct solicitors and counsel on the hearing of the winding-up petition
is not a power which anyone could suggest has passed to the provisional
liquidator and therefore the board retains it.

[Emphasis added]

31 It is clear from the passage cited above that Plowman J was of the view
that the residuary powers of the directors should be defined with reference to
the powers which the provisional liquidator did not or could not assume.
Accordingly, it could not be said that the directors’ residuary powers
extended to a specific power (which they previously had) that had become
vested in the provisional liquidator. Conversely, it may be said that the
directors only retained such powers as might not have become vested in the
provisional liquidator. This goes back to the analysis above on the powers
that were vested in the interim judicial managers and the judicial managers of
OTPL and HLT upon their appointment under the IJM Orders and the JM Orders.

32 Plowman J’s decision in Union Accident may be understood in light of the
principles stated in the preceding paragraph. It would not be correct to say
that the appointment of a provisional liquidator divests the directors of the
power to challenge the validity of the appointment. A challenge by the
directors to the appointment is not an attempt by them to impermissibly
exercise powers of management over the affairs of the company. Rather, it is a
challenge against the very basis of the insolvency officeholder’s appointment
and the source of his power. As the directors would have had in the first
place the power to resist, on the company’s behalf, the making of the order
appointing the insolvency officeholder, they logically would have the power to
challenge the order after it has been made. In other words, insofar as the
validity of the appointment remains open for challenge, the directors surely
must have the power to make that challenge on behalf of the company, either by
way of a setting-aside application or an appeal.

33 Two other authorities relied on by the Lims followed the approach in Union
Accident. In Stephen, Petitioner [2012] BCC 537 (“Stephen”), the petitioner, a
director, commenced proceedings to challenge the appointment of administrators
over the company by a creditor bank, on the basis that many, if not all, of
the transactions executed by the bank were pursuant to a loan agreement that
was invalid. The administrators relied on paragraph 64 of Schedule B1 of the
UK Insolvency Act 1986 (c 45) (UK) (“UKIA 1986”), which states:

64 (1) A company in administration or an officer of a company in
administration may not exercise a management power without the consent of the
administrator.

(2) For the purpose of sub-paragraph (1) —

(a) “management power” means a power which could be exercised so as to
interfere with the exercise of the administrator’s powers;

(b) it is immaterial whether the power is conferred by an enactment or an
instrument, and

(c) consent may be general or specific.

34 Under this provision, a company in administration or its officers cannot
exercise “management power” (defined as a power which could be exercised so as
to interfere with the exercise of the administrator’s powers) without the
administrator’s consent. The administrators argued that the provision
prevented the company or its officers from bringing proceedings to challenge
the appointment of the administrators. Lord Glennie disagreed with the
argument, adopting the approach in Union Accident. He said at [4]–[5] that:

[4] [W]hat is prohibited is the exercise of a power which, reading short,
interferes with the exercise of the Administrators’ powers. But an action
which calls into question whether the Administrators were validly appointed,
and therefore whether they had any powers to exercise, is, to my mind, plainly
not caught by his prohibition.

[5] Mr Sellar, Q.C., for the Administrators, and Mrs Wolffe, Q.C., for the
Bank, brought to my attention the decision of Plowman J in Re Union Accident
Insurance Co Ltd [1972] 1 WLR 640, in which it was held that, notwithstanding
the appointment of a provisional liquidator, the board of directors of a
company retained the residuary power to instruct solicitors and counsel to
oppose the petition for winding up the company, and also to act in
interlocutory proceedings including a motion to discharge the provisional
liquidator … That reasoning is applicable here. I was also referred to some
cases in which a company, acting at the instance of the board of directors,
sought to reduce the appointment of a receiver: see e.g. Elwick Bay Shipping
Co Ltd v Royal Bank of Scotland Limited 1982 SLT 62 and Toynar Limited v
Whitbread Limited 1988 SLT 433. Those cases appear to me consistent with the
general proposition that the board of directors has a residual power to
challenge the appointment of a provisional liquidator, receiver or
Administrator as the case may be. I see no reason why the case of an
Administrator should be any different from that of a provisional liquidator or
receiver in this respect.

[Emphasis added]

35 The second authority was Closegate Hotel Development (Durham) Ltd v McLean
[2014] Bus LR 405 (“Closegate”) which concerned an application to declare as
invalid the appointment of administrators over two companies by a creditor
bank. The application was brought in the name and on behalf of the companies
by two directors. An objection was raised by the creditor bank to the standing
of the directors to cause the companies to bring the challenge. The objection
was that: (a) the appointment of the administrators divested the directors of
their authority; and (b) the directors’ action breached paragraph 64 of
Schedule B1 of the UKIA 1986 (referred to at [33] above). Richard Snowden QC
(as he then was), sitting as a Deputy Judge in the English High Court,
followed the approach in Stephen and rejected the creditor’s objection: see
Closegate at [6]. He also noted, citing Union Accident, that there was “long-
standing authority to the effect that even after the appointment of a
provisional liquidators [sic], the board of directors of a company retains a
residuary power to instruct lawyers to challenge the appointment of the
provisional liquidator, to oppose the petition and, if a winding up order is
made, to appeal against the making of that order”: see Closegate at [7].

36 In my view, the principle to be extracted from Union Accident, Stephen and
Closegate is that the directors have at the very least residuary powers to,
amongst other things, challenge the appointment of provisional liquidators,
liquidators, interim judicial managers or judicial managers on behalf of the
company. It would not be correct to say that such a power is vested in these
insolvency officeholders. I would venture to add that the residuary powers of
the directors must also extend to having conduct of applications for judicial
management or winding up brought by the company, even if a provisional
liquidator or an interim judicial manager has been appointed. Ultimately, the
issue is whether the directors are seeking to assert a power that is vested in
the insolvency officeholder. As Plowman J noted in Union Accident, that issue
is resolved by asking whether the insolvency officeholder has or could have
assumed the power that the director seeks to assert.

37 In the present case, however, the Lims were not seeking to challenge the
IJM Orders or the JM Orders in the Injunction actions. They were exercising
powers that had been divested from them and vested in the interim judicial
managers and the judicial managers, namely, the power to commence proceedings
in the name and on behalf of OTPL and HLT and to retain solicitors to advise
them. Indeed, it is difficult to see how the Lims could have challenged the
IJM Orders and the JM Orders. After all, the IJM Orders and JM Orders were
ordered in terms of the prayers in applications filed by the Lims themselves
on behalf of OTPL and HLT, and they brought no appeals subsequently against
the orders. Union Accident, Stephen and Closegate therefore did not assist the
Lims’ argument that they had the power to cause OTPL and HLT to bring the
Injunction actions. In fact, the cases supported the position taken by R&T.

38 The Lims relied on two further authorities. The first was Sri Hartamas
Development Sdn Bhd v MBF Finance Bhd [1991] 3 MLJ 325 (“Sri Hartamas”). In
that case, solicitors for the company applied to stay an order for winding up
pending appeal. A preliminary objection was raised by the respondent that the
solicitors did not have standing under s 243(1) of the Malaysian Companies Act
1965 (“MCA 1965”) to bring the application for a stay. The section provided
that after a winding-up order had been made, an application for a stay could
only be brought by a liquidator or any creditor or contributory. The Supreme
Court of Kuala Lumpur upheld the objection. It, however, observed citing Union
Accident that while a liquidator was the right party to act on behalf of the
company after a winding up order had been made, the company nonetheless had a
“right to be heard to say that the winding-up order is wrong and to appeal
against the order”. This right was expressly provided for under s 253(2) of
the MCA 1965. The only question was “who should move the appeal on behalf of
the company”. The court did not express a view on this issue as it was not
properly before the court.

39 In Taman Sungai Dua Development Sdn Bhd (previously known as Supershine (M)
Sdn Bhd) v Goh Boon Kim [1997] 2 MLJ 526 (“Taman Sungai”), provisional
liquidators had been appointed over a company by an order of court. The order
was appealed against. The directors of the company applied for an order that
the powers and duties of the provisional liquidators be stayed until the
determination of the appeal. This was opposed solely on the basis that the
company ceased to have any capacity to instruct solicitors to make the
application once the provisional liquidators had been appointed. The Kuala
Lumpur Court of Appeal, citing Sri Hartamas and Union Accident, granted the
application, inter alia, on the basis that the directors retained the power to
instruct solicitors to oppose the winding-up petition notwithstanding the
appointment of the provisional liquidators.

40 Plainly, Sri Hartamas and Taman Sungai stood for the same principle as in
Union Accident, Stephen and Closegate. They too did not assist the Lims.

41 Finally, I considered two further authorities cited by the Lims in support
of their position: Shanks v Central Regional Council [1987] SLT 410 (“Shanks”)
and Re Lehman Brothers Europe Ltd (In Administration) [2018] Bus LR 439
(“Lehman Brothers”).

42 In Shanks, the Outer House of the Scottish Court of Session observed that
while the directors of a company under receivership could not interfere with
the proper discharge of the receiver’s function in gathering the assets of the
company, “it is not inconceivable that a legitimate conflict of interests
could arise making it appropriate or even necessary for the company through
its directors to institute proceedings even although the company was subject
to receivership”. This case was in a receivership context, which differed in
material respects from the judicial management regime under the Companies Act.
As Lord Weir observed in Shanks, the “[Companies (Floating Charges and
Receivers) (Scotland) Act 1972 (c 67) (UK)] does not provide that the powers
of a company to raise proceedings cease upon the appointment of a receiver.”
This was material to his decision as to whether the directors of a company
could commence proceedings in a receivership context. On the other hand, s
227G(2) of the Companies Act clearly provides for the powers of the directors
to be vested in the judicial managers to the exclusion of the directors. In my
view, Shanks was decided in a different context and did not assist the Lims.

43 In Lehman Brothers, the joint administrators of the company applied to
court for the appointment of a director who would, together with the single
member of the company, implement a distribution of company funds to that
member: at [7]. The issue was whether the court ought to approve the
distribution. Hildyard J noted, at [45], that:

It is clear from paragraph 64 of Schedule B1 [of the UK Insolvency Act 1986]
that directors and shareholders can do things which are not inconsistent with
the administration, and may exercise “management powers” (defined by paragraph
64(2)(a) as “a power which could be exercised so as to interfere with the
exercise of the administrator’s powers”), though only with the administrators’
consent, and any residual powers which are not “management powers”. …

[Emphasis added]

44 The Lims argued that the passage from Lehman Brothers cited above meant
that “directors and shareholders can do things which are not inconsistent with
the administration, and may exercise any residuary powers which are not
management powers”. However, the argument ignored the context of the passage.
As Hildyard J noted, the power of the directors and shareholders to do things
which were not inconsistent with the administration arose from paragraph 64 of
Schedule B1 of the UKIA 1986, set out at [33] above. There is no equivalent
provision in the Companies Act. Further, the power to sue in the name and on
behalf of the company was a management power which was specifically and
exclusively arrogated to the interim judicial managers and the judicial
managers by the IJM Orders and the JM Orders (see [25]–[28] above). Lehman
Brothers, in my view, did not assist the Lims.

45 Accordingly, upon the making of the IJM Orders, the Lims did not have the
legal standing to procure OTPL and HLT to bring the Injunction actions.
Further, upon the appointment of the judicial managers, the Lims did not have
the legal standing to procure OTPL and HLT to bring (in the sense of
proceeding with) the Injunction actions. The Lims’ residuary powers did not
extend to bringing the Injunction actions in both instances.

Conclusion

46 For the reasons set out above, I allowed the Striking-Out applications and
ordered that OS 666 and OS 704 (the Injunction actions) be struck out.

47 Costs followed the event. As R&T had succeeded in the Striking-Out
application and the Lims had failed in the Injunction actions, I awarded costs
of the applications and the actions to R&T save for the costs of the discovery
applications in Summons No 4346 of 2020 (in OS 666) and Summons No 4347 of
2020 (in OS 704). This was because R&T had filed the Striking-Out applications
shortly before the discovery applications were due to be filed. The costs
awarded were to be decided by the court, if not agreed, within two weeks from
the date of my order (4 November 2020). That deadline passed with no dispute
as to quantum being placed before the court.

Kannan Ramesh  
Judge of the High Court

Ong Ziying Clement and Khoo Shufen Joni (Damodara Ong LLC) for the applicant
in OS 666;

Christopher Anand s/o Daniel and Eileen Yeo (Advocatus Law LLP) for the
applicant in OS 704;

Toby Landau QC (Essex Court Chambers Duxton) (instructed) and Liew Wey-Ren
Colin (Colin Liew LLC) for the respondent in OS 666 and OS 704.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 25 Feb 2021 (11:09 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

