Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the APPELLATE DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC(A) 11

Originating Summons No 31 of 2021

Between

(1)| Ho Soo Fong  
---|---  
(2)| Ho Soo Kheng  
  
… Applicants

And

| Ho Pak Kim Realty Co Pte Ltd(in liquidation)  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

In the matter of Suit No 1012 of 2018 (Summons No 1871 of 2021)

Between

| Ho Pak Kim Realty Co Pte Ltd(in liquidation)  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Ho Soo Fong  
---|---  
(2)| Ho Soo Kheng  
  
… Defendants

JUDGMENT

[Civil Procedure] — [Appeals] — [Leave]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Ho Soo Fong and another

  
v

  

Ho Pak Kim Realty Co Pte Ltd (in liquidation)

[2021] SGHC(A) 11

Appellate Division of the High Court — Originating Summons No 31 of 2021  
Woo Bih Li JAD and Chua Lee Ming J  
19 July 2021

7 September 2021 Judgment reserved.

Woo Bih Li JAD (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 Under a decision from the High Court on 15 September 2020, both applicants
were adjudged to be jointly and severally liable to the respondent (which is a
company in liquidation) for $3,590,587 (“the Judgment Debt”). The applicants
filed an appeal against that decision and on 7 April 2021, the Court of Appeal
heard and dismissed their appeal with costs.

2 The applicants then filed HC/SUM 1871/2021 on 22 April 2021 for a stay of
execution (“the Application”) of proceedings which had previously been
commenced by the respondent by way of HC/WSS 47/2020 in September and October
2020 before the appeal was heard. As a consequence of the respondent’s
application, two properties at 150 and 150A Braddell Road, Singapore (“the Two
Properties”) were attached to pay whatever was owing to the respondent under
the Judgment Debt. The applicants then obtained a stay of execution pending
the outcome of their appeal.

3 After the unsuccessful outcome of their appeal, the applicants filed the
Application to seek a further stay of the execution proceedings until 31
October 2021 pursuant to O 47 r 5(c) of the Rules of Court (2014 Rev Ed)
(“ROC”). That Application was heard and dismissed by a judge of the General
Division of the High Court (“the Judge”) on 28 June 2021.

4 On 14 July 2021, the applicants filed the present application for leave to
appeal against the Judge’s decision to the Appellate Division of the High
Court alleging that, first, there was a prima facie error of law made by the
Judge and, second, there was a question of general principle decided for the
first time.

5 This judgment is in respect of their application for leave to appeal.

6 On the first ground, the applicants say that the Judge erred in law because
they had made a definite proposal to raise funds to pay the Judgment Debt and
this should have sufficed to fulfil the requirements for the postponement of
sale under O 47 r 5(c) ROC. They had outlined their proposal in an affidavit
to support the Application. That proposal was to cause their company Invest-Ho
Properties Pte Ltd (“the Invest Company”) to mortgage 16 units at a project at
22 Hillside Drive, referred to as Bliss@Hillside, to obtain a loan from
financial institutions. Based on the authority of a Malaysian case, Lim Joo
Thong v Koperasi Serbaguna Taiping Barat Bhd [1998] 1 MLJ 657 (“LJT”), they
argue that the Judge was wrong to ask whether the applicants had applied for
the loan as all that was required was a definite proposal to pay.

7 On the second ground, they argue that there is no reported Singapore case
regarding an application for postponement of sale of real property under O 47
r 5(c) ROC. Hence, they seek a decision of a higher court to provide guidance.

8 We address both grounds together. Even if there is no reported Singapore
case for an application under O 47 r 5(c) ROC, it does not follow that the
intended appeal raises a question of general principle to be decided for the
first time. We stress that an alleged question of general principle should
arise from the decision and reasoning of a court below.

9 In our view, the Judge’s decision was fact-specific. She did not decide that
there must always be an application for a loan before a stay of execution
application would be successful. In arriving at her decision, she took into
account all the surrounding circumstances which included the following:

(a) The Invest Company that was developing the project did not belong entirely
to the applicants as there was another shareholder. There was no evidence that
approval from that shareholder had been obtained to apply for the proposed
loan.

(b) While the applicants said they were in the process of obtaining a loan
since the first supporting affidavit for the Application was filed on or about
28 April 2021, there was no evidence that the applicants had in fact applied
for a loan to pay the Judgment Debt. While counsel for the applicants had said
that the Covid-19 situation had made it harder to obtain a loan, there was no
objective evidence of this.

(c) As counsel for the applicants said that the units at the project were
currently being put on sale, then the units could equally be sold to pay the
Judgment Debt since the applicants had said that the Invest Company was
“their” company.

10 In other words, the Judge was not satisfied with the evidence of the
applicants and her decision does not raise a question of general principle. We
add that we agree with the respondent’s arguments that LJT is not authority
for the proposition that a definite proposal to raise money to pay is
sufficient to obtain an order for a stay of execution. In that case, the main
reason relied upon for an application to postpone a public auction of real
property to pay a debt was that the debtor’s counterclaim had not been dealt
with in arbitration. The debtor in that case appeared to have relied on O 47 r
7(c) of the Malaysian Rules of the High Court 1980 (PU(A) 50/80 as amended by
PU(A) 332/81) (M’sia), which is in pari materia with our O 47 r 5(c) ROC as a
secondary reason for his application.

11 The Malaysian Court of Appeal in LJT merely said that it could not find any
definite proposal by the debtor to raise money and that a general undertaking
given by the debtor was insufficient to fulfil the specific statutory
requirements under O 47 r 7(c) for the sale to be postponed. It did not say,
as the applicants were suggesting, that a definite proposal per se was
sufficient. Obviously, as the respondents countered, the court would have to
consider whether any such proposal is supported by concrete evidence and the
likelihood of the proposal succeeding in all the circumstances. The so-called
general principle did not arise from the decision of the Judge but from the
misguided interpretation of LJT by the applicants.

12 We add that the applicants already knew that the respondent was serious
about enforcing its rights. After judgment was rendered on 15 September 2020,
the respondent had taken out execution proceedings, for which the applicants
had already applied once before for a stay of execution. The stay was granted
pending the outcome of their appeal to the Court of Appeal. If they were bona
fide about paying the Judgment Debt, they ought to have made plans, before the
appeal was heard, to obtain funds to pay the respondent in the event that
their appeal was not successful, instead of simply waiting for the outcome
before starting to make plans. There was no evidence of such prior plans
having been made. Furthermore, the fact that they said they wanted to apply
for a loan using the 16 units in the project as security but had still not
done so by the time of the hearing of the Application on 28 June 2021 was
further evidence that they were not acting bona fide. The reference to the
Covid-19 situation was a poor excuse given orally from the bar. It was obvious
that the applicants were simply delaying the payment of the Judgment Debt.
There was clearly no error by the Judge, let alone an error of law.

13 We dismiss the application for leave to appeal. The applicants are to pay
the respondent costs of the application fixed at $4,000 inclusive of
disbursements. The usual consequential orders apply.

Woo Bih Li  
Judge of the Appellate Division| Chua Lee Ming  
Judge of the High Court  
---|---  
  
Chen Sixue, Choh Thian Chee Irving and Kor Wan Wen Melissa (Optimus Chambers
LLC) for the applicants;

Lee Ming Hui Kelvin, Ong Xin Ying Samantha and Tan Zhi Yi Kikki (WNLEX LLC)
for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 07 Sep 2021 (13:30 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

