Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the APPELLATE DIVISION OF

  
THE

high court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC(A) 7

Civil Appeal No 19 of 2021

Between

| CGG  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

| CGH  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

In the matter of Originating Summons No 192 of 2020

Between

| CGG  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| CGH  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

ex tempore judgment

[Damages] — [Compensation and damages] — [Recovery of legal costs]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
CGG

  
v

  

CGH

[2021] SGHC(A) 7

Appellate Division of the High Court — Civil Appeal No 19 of 2021  
Belinda Ang Saw Ean JAD, Woo Bih Li JAD, See Kee Oon J  
23 August 2021

23 August 2021

Belinda Ang Saw Ean JAD (delivering the judgment of the court ex tempore):

Introduction

1 This is an appeal against the decision of the General Division of the High
Court in CGG v CGH dated 20 January 2021 delivered via Registrar’s Notice
(“the Judgment”). The appellant’s claim was for his unrecovered legal fees,
disbursements and goods and services tax incurred by him in relation to a
summons filed by the respondent in the Family Justice Courts (“FJC”). Having
considered the parties’ submissions, we are of the view that the appeal should
be dismissed. We first set out the relevant background facts, before turning
to the reasons for our decision.

Facts

2 Following the breakdown of the parties’ marriage in or about November 2017,
the parties entered into a Deed of Separation dated 6 June 2018 (“the Deed”).
Pursuant to the Deed, divorce proceedings were subsequently commenced in the
FJC. Interim judgment was granted by the FJC on 4 September 2018, which
included a consent order in the terms of the Deed (“the Consent Order”). Final
judgment in the divorce proceedings was granted on 5 December 2018.

3 Notably, paras 3(e)(25)–3(e)(28) of the Consent Order (which were based on
cll 38–40 of the Deed) contained provisions relating to the maintenance of the
parties’ children. In sum, they provided that the appellant would be
responsible for the children’s maintenance, and that the appellant would
reimburse the respondent for the children’s living expenses incurred by the
respondent using a specified credit card. The appellant would also reimburse
the respondent for the children’s airfare and reasonable travel expenses when
travelling with the respondent. Furthermore, para 3(k)(39) of the Consent
Order (which was based on cl 50 of the Deed) contained an indemnity provision,
as follows:

39\. In the event that one party seeks to revisit the ancillary matters in
these proceedings in breach of the Deed of Separation and/or this Order, that
party shall indemnify the other party for any and all legal fees and
disbursements incurred in connection with the breach and subsequent
enforcement of the Deed of Separation.

4 On 9 July 2019, the respondent filed FC/SUM 2286/2019 (“SUM 2286”) in the
FJC seeking to vary certain parts of the Consent Order relating to the
children’s maintenance. First, the respondent sought a variation to include
reimbursement for purchases and expenses incurred in cash, in addition to
those incurred by credit card. Second, the respondent wished for the Consent
Order to provide that the appellant would also pay for the respondent’s travel
expenses (excluding airfare) when she visited the children.

5 SUM 2286 was dismissed on 20 November 2019. Although the appellant’s counsel
had initially filed written costs submissions that the District Judge (“DJ”)
should uphold the indemnity provision (presumably, counsel was referring to
para 3(k)(39) of the Consent Order) and make an order of costs as agreed
therein, his oral submission, as recorded in the DJ’s Notes of Evidence
(“NE”), was for “[c]osts to be agreed or taxed, and if costs agreement to be
enforced separately if necessary”. On that basis, the appellant’s counsel
sought costs amounting to between $8,000 and $12,000. On the other hand, the
respondent’s counsel submitted for costs of $1,200, in addition to filing fees
of about $830. The DJ ordered costs of $2,000 (inclusive of disbursements) to
be paid by the respondent to the appellant.

6 On 12 February 2020, the appellant filed HC/OS 192/2020 (“OS 192”) seeking
to recover the remainder of his legal fees, disbursements and goods and
services tax amounting to $329,975.45, pursuant to cl 50 of the Deed and/or
para 3(k)(39) of the Consent Order.

7 In the proceedings below, the Judge in dismissing OS 192 held that the
general rule against recovery of unrecovered legal costs set out by the Court
of Appeal in Maryani Sadeli v Arjun Permanand Samtani and another and other
appeals [2015] 1 SLR 496 (“Maryani”) applied to preclude the appellant’s claim
(see the Judgment at [59]). Furthermore, issue estoppel and res judicata
applied against the appellant (see the Judgment at [107]–[111]).

Our decision

8 Having set out the relevant facts, we now set out the reasons for our
decision.

The basis of the appellant’s claim

9 A preliminary issue is whether the appellant’s claim in OS 192 is based on
the Deed or the Consent Order. We note that in the proceedings below, the
Judge had assumed, without deciding, that the appellant’s claim was a
contractual claim under the Deed, rather than a claim to enforce the Consent
Order. In the Judge’s view, this was the appellant’s primary argument and if
the contractual claim under the Deed were rejected, so would the claim to
enforce the Consent Order (see the Judgment at [16]).

10 While that may be so, it is useful in our view to clarify the precise basis
of the appellant’s claim, so as to frame the parties’ dispute in its proper
context. We disagree with the respondent that the Consent Order superseded the
Deed, such that the Deed is no longer in effect. This is not borne out by the
terms of the Consent Order, or by any other evidence before the court. On a
true construction of the Consent Order, we find that para 3(k)(39) of the
Consent Order (ie, the indemnity provision, a terminology that was accepted by
the parties) was intended to reserve a party’s right to make a contractual
claim for costs under the Deed in the event that the other party sought to
revisit the ancillary matters in the divorce proceedings in breach of the Deed
and/or the Consent Order. This is evident from the phrase “in connection with
the breach and subsequent enforcement of the Deed of Separation” [emphasis
added], which shows that any breach within the meaning of para 3(k)(39) was
intended to be enforced via the Deed, rather than by the usual modes of
enforcement of a judgment. This interpretation is reinforced by the fact that
none of the usual modes of enforcement of a judgment (eg, writ of seizure and
sale, garnishee order, appointment of a receiver) would have been applicable
given that para 3(k)(39) pertains to an unquantified sum. Therefore, the
effect of para 3(k)(39) is that should one party seek to revisit the ancillary
matters in breach of the Deed and/or the Consent Order, a substantive right
arises in favour of the other party to bring a contractual claim for costs
under cl 50 of the Deed. We would add that equally, as a matter of
construction, the same phrase “in connection with the breach and subsequent
enforcement of the Deed of Separation” [emphasis added], read with the rest of
para 3(k)(39) in its entirety serves to describe the ambit and scope of the
indemnity provision. Suffice to say for now that the form of promise in the
indemnity arises as long as both the specified events and nature of the loss
fall within the scope of the indemnity.

11 There is another preliminary point. The appellant’s case as argued before
the Judge was framed in terms of damages. However, in this appeal, the
appellant characterised his case as an enforcement of a contractual promise
which is a claim for specific enforcement of the respondent’s primary payment
obligation and such a claim is unlike a claim for damages. The appellant
submits that at common law, an action to enforce a contractual promise is
equivalent to an action for a fixed sum or a debt. The aforesaid position is a
new point that should not ordinarily have been raised on appeal without leave
of court (see O 56A r 5(b) of the Rules of Court (2014 Rev Ed)). We permitted
the appellant to raise the new point without a formal leave application in the
circumstances of this appeal but the appellant would have to bear some costs
occasioned by raising this new point. The new point is a legal point and there
is no discernible prejudice to the respondent who had ample opportunity to,
and did address this point in the Respondent’s Case. Whilst the respondent
points out that the appellant’s position in the appeal is a belated
contention, the need for leave was not even identified as a potential
procedural roadblock until this court directed attention towards the issue at
the hearing before us.

The scope of the indemnity provision and whether it is operative

12 We turn now to the scope of the indemnity provision and whether the
indemnity is operative on the facts of this case. The appellant’s position is
that the indemnity provision entitles him to a full indemnity, ie, he is
entitled to be reimbursed for the entirety of the legal fees and disbursements
that he would have to pay his solicitors. Notably, this is more than what he
would obtain if he was simply awarded costs taxed on an indemnity basis (see
Then Khek Koon and another v Arjun Permanand Samtani and another and other
suits [2014] 1 SLR 245 (“Then Khek Koon”) at [172]). The courts will interpret
each indemnity provision on its merits. In our view, although the indemnity
provision is phrased in broad terms, the scope of the indemnity in question
does not necessarily create a full “debt” indemnity or a “fixed sum”
indemnity. It is difficult to construe from the language used a full “debt”
obligation where the payment obligation is for an indeterminable amount and
not for a “fixed sum” obligation. The appellant did not cite any authority
that imposed a full “debt” obligation from a simple construction of words
similar to those used in para 3(k)(39) of the Consent Order. At most, the
authorities cited by the appellant show that clauses phrased in similarly
broad terms as para 3(k)(39) of the Consent Order have been construed to
confer only a right to costs taxed on an indemnity basis. As for the timing of
enforcing this contractual right as an independent cause of action, we discuss
this further below.

13 We agree with the Judge’s interpretation that the indemnity provision
requires two conditions for the right to an indemnity to arise: (a) there must
be a revisiting of ancillary matters; and (b) this revisiting must be in
breach of the Deed and/or the Consent Order (see the Judgment at [116]). In
this case, the Judge held that these two conditions were satisfied; SUM 2286
constituted a revisiting of the ancillary matters, and this was in breach of
the Deed and/or the Consent Order because it was ultimately unsuccessful (see
the Judgment at [117]–[119]). We are not persuaded by the arguments raised by
the respondent against such findings and we see no reason to disturb them. On
this view, the relevant breach occurred when the respondent filed SUM 2286 on
9 July 2019, and the DJ’s decision to dismiss SUM 2286 simply confirmed the
date of breach.

The rule in Maryani

14 We now turn to the critical question on appeal, which is whether the
appellant’s claim for costs is precluded by the fact that he had already
obtained an order of costs from the DJ in respect of SUM 2286. We agree with
the Judge that it is.

15 First, it is precluded by the rule against recovery of unrecovered legal
costs. As the Court of Appeal explained in Maryani, Singapore’s “legal regime
on costs recovery is calibrated in a manner such that full recovery of legal
costs by the successful party is the exception rather than the norm” (see
Maryani at [34]). This is due to (a) the need to enhance access to justice;
(b) the need to achieve finality in litigation; and (c) the need to suppress
parasitic litigation (see Maryani at [32]). When a claim is brought to recover
compensation for costs incurred in previous proceedings, there is an apparent
tension between the policy of the procedural law on costs (which limits
liability to pay costs) and the policy of the substantive law in awarding
compensation for a civil wrong (which seeks to make whole the victim of the
wrong) (see Then Khek Koon at [177]). However, this is not to say that one
doctrine must be preferred over the other. Instead, the policy considerations
underlying the law on costs inform the substantive law by limiting the measure
of the plaintiff’s costs recovery (see Maryani at [53], [59]).

16 The question in this case is how, if at all, the rule in Maryani applies in
the context of a contractual indemnity. The starting point is that, as a
matter of substantive law, there is nothing inherently objectionable about a
contractual indemnity. It is entirely permissible for a party to promise to
indemnify or compensate another person for loss that arises in a specified
event. Such an indemnity would give a better means of recovery than what would
otherwise be available under the general law of damages, and can form the
basis of a standalone claim. However, when the indemnity relates to legal
costs, the policy considerations articulated in Maryani require that the claim
for an indemnity be enforced before the court makes a ruling on such costs.
This is because our procedural law on costs informed by policy considerations
is against parasitic litigation brought to claim for what in substance is
unrecovered legal costs of previous proceedings. To this extent, our
procedural law on costs (underlined by policy considerations) informs the
measure of a substantive claim for legal costs. Although the appellant has
argued that an indemnity claim can be distinguished on the basis that it is a
claim to enforce a primary payment obligation, rather than a damages claim
which enforces a secondary obligation, this is a distinction without a
difference here. While the discussion in Maryani focused on the recovery of
costs as damages, the law on costs makes no distinction of principle between a
claim for costs as damages and a claim for costs based on a primary payment
obligation. That simply goes towards the framing of a particular claim.
Ultimately, the appellant’s claim is in substance one for unrecovered legal
costs. In these circumstances, the policy considerations underlying our law on
costs apply with full force (see the Judgment at [101]–[103]), and the rule in
Maryani requires that the measure of the appellant’s claim be subject to these
policy considerations.

17 We are also of the view that the authorities cited by the appellant do not
assist his case. In John and others v Price Waterhouse (a firm) and another
(Frere Cholmeley (a firm) and another, Part 20 defendants) [2002] 1 WLR 953
(“Price Waterhouse”), the successful defendant initially obtained costs
assessed on the standard basis but subsequently sought indemnity costs against
the plaintiff at a further hearing of the same proceeding. One of the grounds
relied upon by the defendant for seeking indemnity costs was that certain
articles of association incorporated into its contract with the plaintiff
conferred onto it the right to an indemnity. Ferris J held that it would not
be appropriate to give effect to this contractual right in those proceedings
as this purported contractual right was not in issue and there were certain
disputed factual issues surrounding its incorporation into the contract. Thus,
the defendant had to commence a fresh action if it wished to seek indemnity
costs on this basis (see Price Waterhouse at [23], [33]–[34]). It is apparent
from the above that, as the Judge observed, Ferris J was concerned with the
procedural issue of whether the contractual claim under the indemnity should
be dealt with in the same proceeding or whether the defendant was required to
bring a fresh action (see the Judgment at [78]). Ferris J did not make any
finding as regards the defendant’s right to indemnity costs under the
purported contractual indemnity. In our view, Price Waterhouse does not assist
the appellant given our conclusion on the rule in Maryani.

18 Next, we address the decision of the New South Wales Court of Appeal in
Abigroup Ltd v Sandtara Pty Ltd [2002] NSWCA 45 (“Abigroup”). In that case,
the claimant successfully commenced separate proceedings and recovered under
an indemnity provision its costs and expenses incurred in a previous set of
proceedings with the same party. Critically, the court in Abigroup found that
the claimant’s right to enforce its contractual indemnity had not crystallised
until the previous set of court proceedings had concluded (see Abigroup at
[10]–[11]). It therefore followed that no issue as to res judicata, estoppel
or abuse of process arose. In our view, Abigroup is distinguishable from the
present case. As we observed at [13] above, the appellant’s right to rely on
the indemnity provision had crystallised by the time the appellant was asked
to make submissions on costs for SUM 2286. The reasoning in Abigroup is
therefore inapplicable. This aligns with the Judge’s observation at [80] of
the Judgment that the “English authorities showing subsequent claims on a
separate cause of action were restricted to cases where the costs could not be
recovered on the indemnity principle in the prior proceedings”. We note that
the High Court made much the same observation in Then Khek Koon at [228],
opining that “a different rule might apply because the plaintiff who seeks to
recover costs as damages could not have asserted a cause of action against the
defendant in the earlier proceedings”. Furthermore, although we have
distinguished Abigroup, there is room for us to depart from the court’s view
that the claimant’s right to enforce its contractual indemnity had not
crystallised. In this regard, we note that there are several local cases where
indemnity costs pursuant to costs agreements were ordered in the same
proceedings in relation to which costs were sought (see eg, the recent
decision in NSL Oilchem Waste Management Pte Ltd v Prosper Marine Pte Ltd and
other suits [2020] SGHC 204).

19 Applying the above principles to the present case, it is clear that the
rule in Maryani applies to preclude the appellant’s claim. As we have
mentioned, the appellant’s entitlement to rely on the indemnity provision had
already arisen at the time the DJ was dealing with the costs of SUM 2286 (see
the Judgment at [104(b)]). Indeed, the fact that the appellant’s written costs
submissions sought to rely on the indemnity provision suggests that the
appellant was aware of his entitlement to do so. However, it bears emphasis
that during the oral costs submissions before the DJ, the appellant decided
not to rely on the indemnity provision and sought costs ostensibly on the
ordinary principles relating to costs. In our view, this was the critical
weakness of the appellant’s case. Due to the rule in Maryani and the policy
considerations underlying our law on costs, once the DJ made the costs order,
that was the end of the matter as far as the appellant’s entitlement to costs
was concerned. If the appellant wished to enforce his indemnity, he had to do
so before the DJ made a ruling on costs. In other words, the appellant ought
to have argued his entitlement to costs based on the terms of the indemnity
before the DJ, who would then determine the scope of the indemnity provision
and the appropriate costs order. It is the DJ who has to decide whether to
exercise his discretion to uphold the agreement on costs. As the Singapore
International Commercial Court observed in BNP Paribas SA v Jacob Agam and
another [2018] 3 SLR 1 at [127], as costs are at the discretion of the court,
and in exercise of this discretion, a contractual agreement on legal costs may
be overridden in order to avoid manifest injustice.

20 If the appellant was dissatisfied with the DJ’s costs order, he would have
to avail himself of the appropriate recourse, if any, pursuant to the rules of
the FJC. However, the appellant chose not to rely on the indemnity provision
in seeking costs for SUM 2286 and the DJ rendered a costs decision
accordingly. In these circumstances, the rule in Maryani precludes the
appellant from recovering the difference between the amount of costs ordered
in his favour and the amount of costs recoverable under the indemnity
provision.

21 We note the appellant’s argument that he had reserved his rights as regards
the indemnity provision at the hearing of SUM 2286, and that the respondent
did not object to this alleged reservation of rights. Specifically, the
appellant’s counsel submitted for “[c]osts to be agreed or taxed, and if costs
agreement to be enforced separately if necessary”, as recorded in the DJ’s NE.
However, as the Judge rightly pointed out at [99] of the Judgment, the DJ did
not make reference to this purported reservation and eventually rendered a
costs decision in respect of SUM 2286. In these circumstances, the appellant’s
purported reservation cannot oust the rule in Maryani, which is based on
policy considerations. Therefore, regardless of any purported attempt by the
appellant to reserve his rights, the legal effect of the DJ’s costs order is
that the policy considerations underlying the law on costs are fully engaged
and preclude any subsequent claim for unrecovered costs. Furthermore, the
absence of any objection by the respondent does not assist the appellant
because it does not create a right to subsequently claim the difference where
no such right exists.

22 Therefore, given the DJ’s costs order in favour of the appellant, and the
fact that the appellant’s right to rely on the indemnity provision had already
arisen by the time of such an order, the rule in Maryani applies to preclude
the appellant from bringing any subsequent proceedings to claim his
unrecovered legal costs.

Issue estoppel

23 The appellant’s claim for costs is also precluded by issue estoppel. The
elements of issue estoppel are well-established: (a) there must be a final and
conclusive judgment on the merits; (b) the judgment must be by a court of
competent jurisdiction; (c) the two proceedings must involve the same parties;
and (d) there must be identity of subject matter in the two proceedings (see
Turf Club Auto Emporium Pte Ltd and others v Yeo Boong Hua and others and
another appeal and other matters [2017] 2 SLR 12 (“Turf Club Auto Emporium”)
at [87], cited in the Judgment at [107]).

24 In this case, only the first and fourth elements are disputed. We agree
with the Judge that a broader view ought to be taken of the subject matter of
the proceedings, as well as the question of whether final and conclusive
judgment has been given. On this view, there is identity of subject matter
because, as the Judge observed, “the same question is being determined, ie,
how much of his legal fees and expenses should the [appellant] be entitled to
claim from the [respondent]” (see the Judgment at [108]). Although the precise
argument employed by the appellant to seek costs in each case is different
(ie, whether he is relying on the indemnity provision or the usual principles
relating to costs), the underlying issue is the same. Furthermore, the issue
of the amount of costs the appellant can rightfully claim from the respondent
was finally and conclusively determined by the DJ, who ordered costs of $2,000
in favour of the appellant. That being the case, the appellant is estopped
from raising the same issue again in OS 192 (see the Judgment at [109]–[110]).

Abuse of process

25 We also agree with the Judge that the appellant’s claim in OS 192 is
precluded by the extended doctrine of res judicata, ie, abuse of process (see
the Judgment at [111]). Although the Judge did not make this explicit, it is
clear that he was essentially articulating the doctrine set out in the English
decision in Henderson v Henderson (1843) 67 ER 313, which precludes a party
“from raising in subsequent proceedings matters which were not, but could and
should have been, raised in the earlier proceedings” (see Turf Club Auto
Emporium at [82] and [85]). In this case, the appellant had the opportunity to
raise the indemnity provision in his costs submissions before the DJ but
failed to do so. Moreover, the reasons that he has given for such failure are
not compelling.

(a) First, the appellant’s claim that he wanted to de-escalate matters between
himself and the respondent goes to his subjective motives and is irrelevant.
Furthermore, he could have asked the DJ to reserve the question of costs for a
while to de-escalate matters, but he did not.

(b) Second, as we have explained, it is untenable for the appellant to argue
that his right to invoke the indemnity provision had not arisen at the time
the DJ was deciding the costs order for SUM 2286.

(c) Third, the Judge rightly rejected the appellant’s argument that the FJC
did not have jurisdiction to determine disputes relating to the indemnity
provision. In so far as any such disputes would have arisen in the context of
determining the appropriate costs order in SUM 2268, there is no reason why
the FJC could not have heard and determined such disputes (see the Judgment at
[92]–[94]).

(d) Finally, the appellant’s argument regarding the asymmetry of the parties’
rights of appeal in SUM 2286 is wholly without merit. The same rules apply to
both parties. It may be that a successful party has no avenue of appeal on
costs under the Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 2009 Rev Ed) but that is a different
matter.

Conclusion

26 For these reasons, we affirm the Judge’s decision and dismiss the appeal.
We heard parties on costs of the appeal and having regard to the appellant’s
new point raised in this appeal, we order the appellant to pay the respondent
costs of the appeal fixed at $40,000 (all-in) on a standard basis for two
solicitors. The usual consequential orders are to apply.

Belinda Ang Saw Ean  
Judge of the Appellate Division| Woo Bih Li  
Judge of the Appellate Division  
---|---  
See Kee Oon  
Judge of the High Court|  
  
Tham Lijing (Tham Lijing LLC) (instructed), Quahe Cheng Ann Lawrence, Ho Shiao
Hong (He Xiaohong) and Joel Raj Moosa (Quahe Woo & Palmer LLC) for the
appellant;

Tan Chau Yee, Kok Yee Keong (Guo Yiqiang) and Marcus Ho Shing Kwan (Harry
Elias Partnership LLP) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 23 Aug 2021 (14:46 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

