Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  
THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC 68

Criminal Case No 29 of 2020

Between

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
And

| Ahmed Salim  
---|---  
  
grounds of decision

[Criminal Law] — [Offences] — [Murder]

[Criminal Law] — [Special exceptions] — [Provocation]

[Criminal Law] — [Special exceptions] — [Diminished responsibility]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  
v

  

Ahmed Salim

[2021] SGHC 68

General Division of the High Court — Criminal Case No 29 of 2020  
Mavis Chionh Sze Chyi J  
15, 16, 18, 22–25, 28 September, 14 December 2020

22 March 2021

Mavis Chionh Sze Chyi J:

Introduction

1 The accused, Ahmed Salim, a 32-year-old male Bangladeshi national, was tried
before me for the murder of one Nurhidayati Bt Wartono Surata (“Yati”). At the
end of the trial, I found that the Prosecution had proven its case against the
accused beyond a reasonable doubt. I convicted the accused on the charge of
murder and imposed the mandatory death sentence on him. The accused has
appealed against his conviction and I now set out below the grounds of my
decision.

2 The charge on which the accused was tried read as follows:

That you, … on 30 December 2018, sometime between 5.15 p.m. and 8.15 p.m., in
Room 307 of the Golden Dragon Hotel located at No. 61 Westerhout Road,
Singapore 397662, did commit murder of one Nurhidayati Bt Wartono Surata,
Female / 34 years old, with the intention of causing death, and you have
thereby committed an offence under s 300(a) punishable under s 302(1) of the
Penal Code (Cap [224], 2008 Rev Ed).

Facts

3 It was not disputed that the accused killed Yati on the evening of 30
December 2018 at the Golden Dragon Hotel located at No. 61 Westerhout Road,
Singapore 397662 (“the Hotel”). The facts of the relationship between the
accused and Yati were also not contentious for the most part. I will first set
out the key elements of the factual narrative, which are primarily based on
the Agreed Statement of Facts filed jointly by the parties and, where
necessary, supplemented by the evidence adduced at trial.

Background

4 At the material time, the accused was employed as a painter by Ferh
International Pte Ltd (“Ferh”) and stayed at a dormitory at 500 Old Choa Chu
Kang Road, Sungei Tengah Lodge, Singapore 698924 (“the Dormitory”). Yati, a
female Indonesian national, was working as a domestic helper at the material
time. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Agreed Statement of Facts (“ASOF”), paras 1–2.

5 The relationship between the accused and Yati began sometime in May 2012.
They met on alternate Sundays and had sex about once a month. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

ASOF, para 3.

The accused’s evidence was that he would give Yati about $50–$100 every month;
and in addition, he bought her various things and even helped to pay off her
debts and loans. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents (“AB”) vol 2, p 966, para 9; p 979, para 15; pp
990–991, para 62.

In his words, “[t]he clothes she was wearing, all the things she had in her
room, everything was given by me, bought with my money … whatever a person
gives to his wife, I did the same”. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Transcript of 22 September 2020, p 18 lines 27–29.

6 The relationship between the accused and Yati developed and, in November
2017, they agreed to get married in December 2018. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

ASOF, para 3.

Although they had not yet gotten married, the accused testified that he
regarded his relationship with Yati as that of “husband and wife” and that
they had promised to be faithful to each other. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Transcript of 22 September 2020, p 17 lines 6–15.

7 Sometime in May or June 2018, Yati started dating one Shamim Shamizur Rahman
(“Shamim”), a Bangladeshi plumber working in Singapore. They would meet about
once a month on Sundays. As the accused would call Yati every day, 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Transcript of 22 September 2020, p 44 line 10.

he began to suspect that she was seeing someone else when she became
uncontactable one Sunday. He confronted her and she admitted that she was in a
relationship with Shamim. Following the confrontation, the accused asked his
mother and his friend to help him look for a wife in Bangladesh. His mother
found him a potential wife and arranged for his marriage in Bangladesh in
February 2019. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

ASOF, para 4.

8 The accused and Yati reconciled sometime in July or August 2018 and resumed
their meetings on alternate Sundays. They continued dating each other even
after the accused informed Yati about his upcoming arranged marriage. Both of
them continued to argue over Yati’s relationship with Shamim. On one occasion,
when they argued over Yati’s relationship with Shamim, the accused pressed a
towel over Yati’s mouth. He released the towel when she started to struggle.
Frightened, Yati apologised to the accused. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

ASOF, para 5; 2AB982, para 24.

9 Sometime in late October 2018 and early November 2018, Yati got to know one
Hanifa Mohammad Abu (“Hanifa”) on Facebook. Hanifa was a Bangladeshi working
in Singapore as a general fitter. About a week later, he and Yati started
meeting each other every Sunday morning; and they had sex within three weeks
of getting to know each other. Yati admitted to Hanifa that she was in a
relationship with the accused and told him that the accused had an arranged
marriage in Bangladesh. She also sent Hanifa a screenshot of the accused’s
WhatsApp profile. Yati promised Hanifa that she would end her relationship
with the accused, and she and Hanifa continued dating. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

ASOF, para 6.

10 On 9 December 2018, the accused once again suspected Yati of seeing someone
else when he could not contact her. That night, Yati called the accused. She
revealed to him that she had a new boyfriend (ie, Hanifa) and told him to
return to Bangladesh for his arranged marriage. The accused asked to meet Yati
on 23 December 2018 and she agreed. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

ASOF, para 7; 2AB980, para 19.

11 On 23 December 2018, the accused and Yati checked into a room at the Hotel.
Yati told the accused that she did not meet Hanifa in person and that she
would continue to meet the accused. However, this was untrue as she had met
Hanifa in the morning prior to meeting the accused on 23 December 2018. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

2AB916–917, para 5.

She also repaid a loan of $500 to the accused. After they parted ways, Yati
called the accused that same evening to break up with him. He persuaded her to
meet him at the Hotel for a final time on 30 December 2018. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

ASOF, paras 8–9.

The events on 30 December 2018

12 On the morning of 30 December 2018, the accused withdrew nearly all of his
savings from a teller machine near the Dormitory, leaving only $37 in his bank
account. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

ASOF, para 10; 3AB1028–1029.

He had a rope with him in the pocket of the trousers that he wore to meet
Yati, 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Transcript of 22 September 2020, p 14 lines 11–12.

but as will be seen, the Prosecution and the Defence provided sharply
differing reasons for this.

13 The accused met Yati at the block where she stayed with her employer at
around 4pm. They took a taxi to Paya Lebar for Yati to collect facial cream
from her friend. They then took a train from the Paya Lebar Mass Rapid Transit
(“MRT”) station to Aljunied MRT station and made their way to the Hotel. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

ASOF, para 11.

14 After paying $40 for a three-hour stay, the accused and Yati checked into
room 307 of the Hotel (“the Room”) at around 5.15pm. They had sex for the
first time that night and remained naked thereafter. The accused attempted to
convince Yati to break up with Hanifa but to no avail. She also refused to let
the accused check her mobile phone. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

ASOF, para 12; transcript of 22 September 2020, p 10 line 21 to p 12 line 6.

The accused wrapped a bath towel around her neck for the first time that night
and threatened to kill her if she continued dating Hanifa and if she did not
allow him to check her phone. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

2AB993, para 73.

However, he then released the towel and they had sex again.

15 The accused provided starkly different accounts in his statements and in
his oral testimony as to what happened thereafter. According to his statements
and his interviews with the psychiatrist from the Institute of Mental Health
(“IMH”) Dr Christopher Cheok (“Dr Cheok”), after he and Yati had sex for the
second time, Yati told him that it would be the last time that they would
meet. He then wrapped the towel around her neck for the second time that
night. Yati was not cowed by the accused’s threat to kill her and told him:
“If you want to kill me, kill me. With you, this is my last meet. I don’t want
to see you again and I will not leave [Hanifa].” 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

2AB983, para 27; 3AB152–154; transcript of 22 September 2020, p 11 line 28 to
p 12 line 7.

Upon hearing this, the accused tightened the towel around her neck.

16 At trial, however, the accused said that after they had had sex for the
second time that night, Yati told him: “You do sex with me … means you do sex
with your mother.” He allegedly responded by wrapping a towel around his hand
and pressing the towel against Yati’s mouth. He then removed his hand and told
Yati: “Because of … a man, you are saying all these bad things about me and my
mother. Then let me call [Hanifa].” He tried to get Yati’s phone in order to
check the contents thereof and to call Hanifa. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Transcript of 23 September 2020, p 22 line 11 to p 25 line 9.

17 The accused also testified at trial that it was at this juncture that Yati
told him: “[Hanifa] is better than you. He is better than you in the hotel …
he is better in bed … he is better financially. If you don’t believe … next
week I will go with him, will make a video and show you” 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

3AB23.

(“the Humiliating Words”). According to the accused’s testimony at trial, he
was provoked by the Humiliating Words and lost his self-control; and this was
why he proceeded to strangle Yati.

18 The Prosecution disputed that Yati had uttered these Humiliating Words to
the accused on 30 December 2018 and pointed out, inter alia, that these words
had never once been mentioned in the accused’s statements.

19 In any event, the accused did not (for the most part) dispute the account
he had given in his investigative statements of the acts he had carried out in
killing Yati. He wrapped the towel around Yati’s neck and tightened it. He
then stepped on one end of the towel and pulled at the other end. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Transcript of 24 September 2020, p 51 lines 28–30.

Yati became motionless soon after and the accused removed the towel from her
neck. The accused then retrieved the rope which had been in his trouser pocket
and tied it around Yati’s neck. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Transcript of 22 September 2020, p 13 line 8 to p 14 line 14.

He tightened the rope and tied “about two or three knots” with it. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

2AB983, para 29.

20 Thereafter, the accused also pressed a towel over Yati’s mouth for about
ten to 15 seconds with considerable force 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

2AB999, para 90.

and observed that her face had turned blackish. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

2AB999, para 90.

Finally, he twisted her head from left to right with “a force of about 6–7,
out of the spectrum [to] 10 where 1 [was] the least force used and 10 [was]
the most force used”. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

2AB999, para 91.

It should be noted that in his investigative statements, the accused explained
that he had strangled Yati with the rope and twisted her head from left to
right in order to ensure that she would not survive. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

2AB983, para 28; 2AB999, para 91.

In his oral testimony at trial, however, the accused’s account was that he did
so purely to stop a sound that he heard coming out from Yati’s mouth. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Transcript of 24 September 2020, p 53 line 3 to p 54 line 15.

21 The accused proceeded to take a shower as he was sweating. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

2AB995, para 79.

He also put Yati’s clothes back on her body as he did not want anyone else to
see her naked. He then placed her on her left side, covered her with a blanket
and left the Room. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

2AB995–996, para 81.

22 At around 8.15pm, the accused went to the Hotel reception to extend the
room booking. He haggled with the hotel staff over the price of extending the
room booking and eventually paid $30 for a two-hour long extension. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Transcript of 15 September 2020, p 121 line 27 to p 123 line 11.

Thereafter, he left the Hotel and bought a can of “Red Bull” at a provision
shop nearby. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

ASOF, para 14.

23 The accused then returned to the Room. He observed that Yati was in the
same position that he had left her. He took all her cash amounting to around
$30, her mobile phone and her ez-link card, switched off the air-conditioner
and lights in the Room, and left the Hotel. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

ASOF, para 15.

24 That night, the accused also spoke to Hanifa on the phone several times. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

ASOF, para 16.

Hanifa testified that he had tried to call both Yati’s and the accused’s phone
numbers that night, and that he knew that the accused was holding onto Yati’s
phone. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Transcript of 15 September 2020, p 114 line 9 to p 115 line 15.

In these exchanges, the accused persistently interrogated Hanifa about his
relationship with Yati. Hanifa testified that the accused sounded “angry” and
that he “talked in a loud voice”. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Transcript of 15 September 2020, p 115 lines 16–21.

The arrest of the accused

25 The accused called his colleague and roommate, Khalik Md Abdul (“Khalik”),
twice at about 8pm and 8.45pm, to ask for Khalik’s whereabouts. Khalik
informed the accused that he was at a provision shop within the Dormitory. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

2AB930, para 3.

Shortly thereafter, the accused returned to the Dormitory and bought some food
at the canteen. He then handed $1,000 in cash to Khalik, who agreed to help
the accused remit the money to the accused’s father in Bangladesh. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

2AB930, para 4.

The accused told Khalik that he had killed someone. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

ASOF, para 17.

26 The accused then told his roommates that he would be returning to
Bangladesh and offered them the food that he had earlier bought at the
canteen. He also offered food to others in the neighbouring room. After
talking to his colleagues, the accused took a shower and left the Dormitory.
He loitered around Geylang before checking into Kim Tian Hotel (Han) located
at 29 Lor 4 Geylang, Singapore 399281, at around 2am the next morning. He
checked out of the hotel at around 5am and loitered in a park at Boon Lay. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

ASOF, para 18.

27 At around 9am, the accused sent a WhatsApp message to one Zoe Lau (“Zoe”),
who was in charge of human resource matters at Ferh. He told Zoe that he
needed to return to Bangladesh that very day as he had some problems back at
home. At Zoe’s direction, the accused called Ferh’s owner, Fadhillah bin
Sahamat (“Fadhillah”), and requested to return to Bangladesh that day.
Fadhillah told the accused to go to the Ferh office to discuss the matter. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

ASOF, para 19.

Unbeknownst to the accused, the police had already been in touch with
Fadhillah by then. When the accused arrived at the Ferh office at around
10.45am, he was arrested by the police officers who were waiting in the
office. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

ASOF, para 20.

The discovery of Yati’s body and the autopsy

28 At about 10.15pm on 30 December 2018, Mr Lee Peng Yuan (“Mr Lee”), the
Hotel receptionist, called the Room as the two-hour extension had expired. As
nobody answered the call, Mr Lee went to the Room. He knocked on the door but
received no response. He then unlocked the door and entered the Room with a
duplicate key. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

ASOF, para 21.

29 Mr Lee saw Yati lying on the bed. He tried waking her up but she remained
unresponsive. He then left the Room and called the police at around 10.45pm.

30 Paramedics from Paya Lebar Fire Station were dispatched to the Hotel. At
about 10.53pm, the paramedics arrived at the Hotel and went to the Room. One
of the paramedics, Paramedic Sergeant Nabilah binte Sadali (“W/Sgt Nabilah”),
saw Yati lying on her side on the bed, covered in a blanket up to her
shoulders. When the paramedics removed the blanket, they observed Yati to be
unresponsive. There was a towel stained with blood next to her. W/Sgt Nabilah
checked Yati’s body and observed that there was blood coming out of her nose
and left ear, and that her face was swollen. She also felt the rope tied
around Yati’s neck. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

ASOF, paras 23–25.

Yati was pronounced dead at 11.02pm.

31 On 31 December 2018, Dr Lee Chin Thye (“Dr Lee”), a Consultant Forensic
Pathologist with the Health Sciences Authority, conducted an autopsy on Yati.
When conducting an external examination of Yati’s body, he noted that there
was a ligature, comprising a grey fabric rope measuring 0.5cm in thickness and
approximately 100cm in length, around Yati’s neck. The rope had been wound a
total of four times around her neck and a knot had been tied with the rope at
the left side of the front of her neck. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

1AB23–24.

Dr Lee further noted that the only external injury to the body was a complex
ligature mark around Yati’s neck, 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

1AB24–25.

and that the ligature mark was consistent with the rope that had been found
around her neck. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Transcript of 16 September 2020, p 86 lines 11–13.

32 Dr Lee found the cause of Yati’s death to be strangulation and cervical
spine injury. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

1AB27.

He also testified that it was possible that Yati had been strangled with a
towel before being strangled with the rope, given that strangulation with a
towel would not leave much of a mark on the neck. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Transcript of 16 September 2020, p 86 lines 3–20.

However, whether the cause of Yati’s death was strangulation with a towel or
strangulation with a rope, it was undisputed that the accused had caused
Yati’s death.

The accused’s statements

33 A total of five police statements were recorded from the accused and
comprised:

(a) a cautioned statement recorded on 31 December 2018 by Assistant
Superintendent of Police Lee Tien Huat Chris, pursuant to s 23 of the Criminal
Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed) (“CPC”); and

(b) four long statements recorded by Assistant Superintendent of Police Teo Ko
Sing (“ASP Teo”) on 3 January 2019, 4 January 2019, 7 January 2019 and 8
January 2019 respectively, pursuant to s 22 of the CPC.

34 While the Defence did not contest the voluntariness of the accused’s
statements, the accuracy of these statements became a bone of contention at
trial.

35 The gist of the accused’s statements was that upon learning of Yati’s
relationship with Hanifa on 9 December 2018, the accused had decided to kill
her, and he had come up with a plan whereby he would kill her if she refused
to leave Hanifa and to stay with him (the accused) until his departure for
Bangladesh. In this regard, the accused’s statements contained numerous
references to his having “decided” to kill Yati even before 30 December 2018,
and certainly on 30 December 2018 when she refused to break up with Hanifa. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

See, eg, 2AB981, para 20; 2AB983, para 27; 2AB993, para 71; 2AB995, para 80.

The accused further elaborated in his statements that he had “chose[n]” to
kill Yati with a rope because it was illegal to carry sharp weapons in public
whereas it would be easy to keep the rope in his pocket; 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

2AB981, para 21.

he had deliberately brought the rope along with him to the Hotel on 30
December 2018 for the purpose of killing her. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

2AB992, para 67; 2AB993, para 72.

The accused also stated in his cautioned statement that he “admitted to the
charge” because “[he] did it out of anger, because [he had] proof that [Yati
had] another relationship with another guy”. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

2AB945.

The Prosecution’s case

36 The Prosecution’s case was that the accused had planned to kill Yati prior
to 30 December 2018 and on as early as 9 December 2018, when he found out that
Yati was dating Hanifa. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Prosecution’s closing submissions (“PCS”), para 25.

He came up with an internal “algorithm” or “decision tree”: in gist, he
decided that he would kill her if she refused to break up with Hanifa but that
he would not do so if she agreed to end her relationship with Hanifa and to
continue dating him until he returned to Bangladesh for his marriage. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

PCS, paras 25, 26, 31, 78(c) and 102.

He had arranged to meet Yati at the Hotel on 23 December 2018 in order to
execute his plan to kill her, but did not do so on that day because she
convinced him that she would continue seeing him and that she had not met
Hanifa in person. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

PCS, para 27(b).

When Yati subsequently called the accused to break up with him after they had
parted ways on 23 December 2018, the accused was infuriated and once again
resolved to kill her. In persuading her to meet him for a final time at the
Hotel on 30 December 2018, the accused had intended to kill her if she refused
to end her relationship with Hanifa. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

PCS, para 27(c).

The accused had intentionally brought the rope along with him when he met Yati
at the Hotel on 23 December 2018 and on 30 December 2018 in order to execute
his plan to kill her if she did not agree to date him exclusively. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

PCS, paras 27(c), 28(c) and 30(a); Prosecution’s reply submissions (“PRS”),
paras 3–8.

37 In this regard, the Prosecution argued that the accused’s statements were
accurate recorded – including those passages in which he had spoken of having
“decided” to kill Yati prior to 30 December 2018 and on as early as 9 December
2018. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

PRS, paras 9–17.

The Prosecution also relied on the evidence of Dr Cheok, a Senior Consultant
with the Department of Forensic Psychiatry of the IMH, in order to bolster its
case of a premeditated killing. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

PCS, paras 26 and 28; 3AB120, para 4.

38 While the Prosecution accepted that the accused was suffering from
adjustment disorder (“AD”) at the time of the killing, they argued that he
could not avail himself of the partial defence of diminished responsibility as
his AD did not substantially impair his mental responsibility. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

PCS, paras 67, 72 and 91.

As for the partial defence of grave and sudden provocation, the Prosecution’s
primary case was that the Humiliating Words – which the Defence relied on as
the “provocation - were never uttered and were fabricated by the accused. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

PCS, paras 36 and 92.

The Prosecution further contended that, in any event, the Humiliating Words
were not objectively grave or sudden 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

PCS, para 92.

and that the accused had not been deprived of self-control at the time of the
killing. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

PCS, paras 95, 96 and 98.

The Defence’s case

39 In their closing submissions, the Defence said that the accused “did not
intend to kill [Yati]”: according to the Defence, the Prosecution could not
prove that the accused “intended to kill [Yati] beyond a reasonable doubt”,
and the court was urged to “exercise its powers to convict the accused under
section 300(c) of the [Penal Code] instead”. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Defence’s closing submissions (“DCS”), paras 4 and 91.

40 The Defence also relied on the partial defences of diminished
responsibility and grave and sudden provocation. As for the former, the
Defence cited the opinion of Dr Ung Eng Khean (“Dr Ung”), whom they called as
their psychiatric expert. In reliance on Dr Ung’s evidence, the Defence argued
that the accused’s AD “significantly contributed to his offence by ‘making his
emotions more labile (unstable) especially exacerbating his feelings of anger
as well as reducing his self-control and impairing his judgment (leading to
his making inappropriate choices’”. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

DCS, para 73.

As for the latter, the Defence contended that the Humiliating Words had indeed
been uttered by Yati to the accused, that these Humiliating Words were
objectively grave and sudden, and that they had caused the accused to lose
self-control. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

DCS, paras 36, 58–63 and 69; Defence’s reply submissions (“DRS”), paras 13 and
16.

Additionally, the gravity of the Humiliating Words was amplified by the
accused’s AD. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

DCS, para 68.

The issues to be determined

41 It was not disputed that the accused had caused Yati’s death. As such, the
following issues arose for my determination:

(a) whether the accused had intended to cause Yati’s death;

(b) whether the Defence had proven the partial defence of diminished
responsibility on a balance of probabilities; and

(c) whether the Defence had proven the partial defence of grave and sudden
provocation on a balance of probabilities.

42 I address each of these issues in turn.

Whether the accused intended to cause Yati’s death

43 At the outset, it should be noted that in putting forward the broad
proposition that the accused “did not intend to kill [Yati]”, the Defence was
really saying two things. Firstly, it was saying that the Prosecution had
failed to prove the mens rea required for an offence under s 300(a) – namely,
the intention of causing Yati’s death. This was why the Defence’s submissions
concluded with the suggestion that the accused should be convicted of an
offence under s 300(c) instead – which would have entailed a finding that the
accused’s intention was only to cause bodily injury to Yati. Secondly, in
saying that the accused “did not intend to kill [Yati]”, the Defence was also
contending that the accused’s killing of Yati was not carried out in
accordance with a “premeditated plan”. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

PCS, paras 79(a) and 86.

44 I will first deal with the argument regarding the absence of any intention
to cause death. In considering this argument, it was important to bear in mind
the physical acts which were carried out by the accused against Yati in the
moments leading up to her death. These were described by the accused in the
investigative statements recorded by the police. I noted of course that at
trial, the accused disavowed all references in the investigative statements to
any “decision” or “plan” on his part to kill Yati. However, even shorn of
these references, the accused’s description of the physical acts per se was in
my view highly instructive as to his intention in carrying out these acts. In
gist, he described two separate acts of strangulation: the strangulation
performed with a towel, followed by the strangulation using the rope which had
been inside his trouser pocket. In addition to (and subsequent to) the two
acts of strangulation, he also described how he had pressed down on Yati’s
nose and mouth using a towel, and finally, how he had twisted her head from
left to right. He also described the steps he took in carrying out each of
these acts and the degree of force he employed. I set out below the passages
from his statements in which the various physical acts were described,
starting with the strangulation using the towel:

(a) From the accused’s investigative statement of 4 January 2019: 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

2AB994–995.

77 I was seated beside her at her left when I rounded the towel twice on her
neck. I started to pull the towel when she challenged me to kill her. While I
was tightening the towel, I pushed her onto the bed … Once, she was in prone
position on the bed. I used my right foot to step on one end of the towel onto
the bed and I pulled upwards the other end of the towel with my two hands.
This was when I saw blood at one of ‘Yati’ ear [sic] …

78 On the spectrum of 1-10 of strength I applied to pull the towel, 1 as the
least strength applied and 10 as the most strength applied. When she was still
in the sitting position, I pulled the towel at the strength of 4-5. When she
was in the prone position, I pulled the towel at the strength of 7-8. When I
saw blood coming out of ‘Yati’ ear, I pulled the towel at the strength of 10.

79 She was struggling when I pulled the towel. ‘Yati’ kicked her legs and she
was pulling the towel away from her neck with her two hands. When I started to
step on the towel and applied full strength, I saw she was unconscious
shortly. I removed the towel and I heard some sound coming from ‘Yati’ mouth.
When I noticed that some sound was coming out from ‘Yati’, I took the rope
from my back pocket. I rounded the rope around her neck for about 2-3 times. I
tightened the rope around her neck with the strength at 7. I secured the rope
with 2-3 knots. I did not notice any bleeding flowing out from her ear. …

(b) From the accused’s investigative statement of 7 January 2019: 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

2AB999.

90 … [A]fter I tied down the knots and before I put on ‘Yati’s’ clothings on
her, I could still hear very low sound coming out from ‘Yati’s’ mouth or nose
as such I placed the towel over her face, and I pressed my right hand
downwards on top of the towel around her mouth and nose region. I applied a
force of 10, out of the spectrum 10 where 1 at the least force used and 10 as
the most force used. I held my right [hand] for about 10 to 15 seconds before
I let go of my hand. The sound stopped when I let go of my hand. I removed the
towel from her face … I did not observe any bleeding from ‘Yati’ at her face
areas but I observed her face turned blackish. …

91 … [A]fter I pressed her mouth and nose downwards, I twisted ‘Yati’ head
from left to right once and let go. I applied a force of about 6-7, out of the
spectrum 10 where 1 at the least force used and 10 as the most force used. …

[emphasis added]

45 Apart from the description given in his investigative statements, during a
site visit and “scene re-enactment” at the Hotel on 7 January 2019, the
accused also gave a demonstration to ASP Teo of how he had strangled Yati,
first with the towel and then with the rope. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

2AB955–959, paras 43–59; also 2AB1005–1012.

46 By and large, the accused’s description of the physical acts carried out
against Yati in the moments leading up to her death was borne out by the
forensic pathologist’s (ie, Dr Lee’s) findings as to the injuries sustained by
Yati and the cause of her death. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

1AB22–27.

In the re-enactment he carried out for ASP Teo on 7 January 2019, the accused
had demonstrated how he had placed the rope 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

This was referred to as a “string” by ASP Teo in her conditioned statement at
2AB958, but it was not disputed that the item referred to was the rope which
the accused had kept in his trouser pocket.

around Yati’s neck, crossed it behind her neck, then “rounded” it around her
neck, and finally tied a series of knots in the rope. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

2AB957–958, paras 53 and 54.

In examining Yati’s body, Dr Lee noted that a ligature in the form of a grey
fabric rope was found around her neck, tied as follows: it was wound a total
of four times around her neck, “first wound twice around the entire neck,
immediately over the skin and under the hair around the back of the neck”,
“then wound twice around the entire neck, going over the hair around the back
of the neck”, and “knotted with a granny knot measuring 1.5 x 1.5 x 1 cm at
the left side of the front of the neck”. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

1AB23–24.

Dr Lee also noted a “complex ligature mark” which was “present
circumferentially around [Yati’s] neck, corresponding to the overlying
ligature”. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

1AB24.

A dissection of the neck revealed the following injuries: haemorrhages in the
thyrohyoid muscles bilaterally; pre-vertebral haemorrhage around the midline
at the level of the C4/5 cervical vertebrae; dislocation of the C4/5
intervertebral joint; and extensive epidural haemorrhage within the cervical
spinal canal. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

1AB25.

Dr Lee concluded that the cause of death was “strangulation and cervical spine
injury”. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

1AB27.

None of Dr Lee’s findings was challenged by the Defence at trial.

47 Indeed, although at trial the accused denied vehemently having said
anything about a “decision” or a “plan” to kill Yati, he did not disavow the
bulk of the narrative he had provided in his statements about the physical
acts carried out against Yati in the moments leading up to her death. What he
did dispute in cross-examination was, firstly, the number of times he had
placed the towel around Yati’s neck before finally strangling her: in his
statements, he described the strangulation as having taken place on the third
occasion when he had placed the towel around her neck; in cross-examination,
he claimed that he had placed the towel around her neck a total of four times
and that he had only tightened the towel on the fourth occasion. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Transcript of 24 September 2020, p 46 line 20 to p 47 line 30.

In addition, he denied that he had committed the subsequent acts of
strangulation with the rope, pressing on Yati’s mouth and nose, and twisting
of her head because he thought that she was not yet dead and wanted to ensure
that she would not survive: according to his oral testimony, by the time he
came to use the rope, he already “thought she had died”. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

Transcript of 24 September 2020, p 51 line 28 to p 53 line 18.

48 Neither of the above objections went towards refuting the account given in
his statements of the physical acts carried out against Yati in the moments
leading up to her death. In my view, the number, the nature and the sequence
of these physical acts clearly demonstrated an intention to cause Yati’s
death. To put it bluntly, the accused visited multiple, successive acts of
violence on Yati within a short span of time. This was not, moreover, a case
of mere slaps or punches: he strangled her twice using two different
implements, pressed down hard on her mouth and nose (“a force of 10, out of
the spectrum 10”), and twisted her head from left to right. He could not have
intended anything else other than her death.

49 It should also be pointed out that although in his interviews with Dr Ung
the accused denied having formed any plan to kill Yati prior to 30 December
2018, Dr Ung’s notes of the interview on 19 May 2020 recorded the accused as
having said that he had “decided to kill [Yati] on 3rd time of strangling (on
30th December 2018)”. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

3AB21.

At trial, the Defence did not challenge the accuracy of this portion of Dr
Ung’s notes. That the accused himself had admitted to having “decided to kill
[Yati] on 3rd time of strangling (on 30th December 2018)” further supported
the inference that his intention at the time of carrying out the physical acts
of strangulation was to cause Yati’s death.

50 For the reasons set out in [44]–[49], I was satisfied that the accused’s
intention at the material time was to cause death.

Whether the accused’s killing of Yati was carried out in accordance with a
“premeditated plan”

51 In submitting that the accused “did not intend to kill [Yati]”, the
Defence’s other contention was that the killing was not carried out in
accordance with a premeditated plan. According to the accused, he had merely
“thought” about killing Yati prior to 30 December 2018 but had not formulated
any real plan nor come to a firm decision to do so. Instead, he had simply
lost all self-control and acted impulsively on 30 December 2018 upon hearing
Yati utter the Humiliating Words to him in the Room. This version of events –
as presented to Dr Ung and at trial – turned on two key factual propositions:
firstly, that various statements documented in the accused’s police statements
and in his interviews with Dr Cheok could not be relied on because he had
never made those statements; and secondly, that the Humiliating Words had
indeed been spoken by Yati to the accused on 30 December 2018.

Whether the accused told the police in his investigative statements that he
had decided to kill Yati

52 I address first the accused’s claims about the statements recorded from him
by the police. The accused claimed that he had “never told [ASP Teo] and the
Interpreter of his Section 22 CPC Statements that he ‘decided’ to kill
[Yati]”. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

DCS, para 8.

In this connection, the accused came up with a number of allegations against
Mohammad Zahurul Hasan (“Hasan”), who had acted as the Bengali interpreter for
the recording of all five of his investigative statements. According to the
accused, Hasan spoke in a “very literary” and “well-educated” language; and
the accused did not understand some of the words used by Hasan. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

Transcript of 23 September 2018, p 8 lines 1–10.

In particular, according to the accused, he had “never heard or used” the
Bengali word for “decide” until Hasan used it. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

Transcript of 23 September 2018, p 10 lines 1–8.

In fact, he had not even realised the meaning of the word “decide” until his
cell-mate at Changi Prison got hold of his statements. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

Transcript of 23 September 2018, p 8 lines 12–23.

The accused himself had never told Hasan that he had “decided” to kill Yati.
What he had said was that he had been “thinking” about whether to kill her
after discovering her infidelity and asking himself how he should deal with
her: it was Hasan who had used the word “decided” in interpreting what he (the
accused) had said. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

Transcript of 22 September 2020, p 21 line 3 to p 22 line 25; p 31 lines
13–29.

53 Thus, for example, in paragraph 20 of his investigative statement of 3
January 2019, the accused was recorded as having said this: 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

2AB981.

… On 9 December 2018, when [Yati] first told me that she had a new boyfriend,
I decided that I wanted to kill her. [emphasis added]

According to the accused, the italicised words were never said by him to Hasan
or to ASP Teo. Instead, what he had told Hasan was this: 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

Transcript of 22 September 2020, p 22 lines 21–25.

… [O]n 9th December, I was so angry. I was very angry. So I was telling
myself, ‘What should I do? How should I deal with her? Should I kill her? …
[W]hat was the correct way to handle this?’ Whether I should slap her, should
kill her, what is the correct way to handle her, I did not know. That’s what I
told Mr Hasan. [emphasis added]

54 I rejected the accused’s assertion that he had “never told [ASP Teo] and
[Hasan] that he ‘decided’ to kill [Yati]”. I found the accused’s evidence
about what he had purportedly said to Hasan and about Hasan’s alleged errors
in interpreting his statements to be entirely unbelievable. My reasons were as
follows.

55 Firstly, the evidence from Hasan 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

Transcript of 16 September 2020, p 26 lines 1–14.

– which was not disputed – showed that at the end of the recording of each
investigative statement, that statement would be read back and interpreted to
the accused on the same day, and the accused would be asked if he wished to
make any amendments. It was also not disputed that on 3 January 2019, the
accused had made various amendments to the investigative statement recorded
from him that day. These were the handwritten amendments seen, for example, at
paragraph 15 of the statement, wherein the accused had volunteered additional
details about Yati’s spare phone and about how he had returned her the phone
he had taken from her earlier. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

2AB979.

Similarly, on 4 January 2019, the accused also made various amendments to the
investigative statement recorded from him that day, and these were again
handwritten in the body of the said statement. For example, the handwritten
amendments at paragraph 67 of the statement of 4 January 2019 showed that the
accused had volunteered additional details about the rope which was eventually
used to strangle Yati. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

2AB992.

On 7 January 2019, the accused had also made amendments to the investigative
statement recorded from him that day. Thus, for example, the handwritten
amendments at paragraph 98 of the statement of 7 January 2019 showed that the
accused had volunteered additional details about how he had noticed blood
stains on the towel – but not blood coming out from Yati – at the point when
he started putting her clothing on her body and positioning her body on the
bed. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

2AB1001.

56 The accused did not deny that the handwritten amendments in his
investigative statements were made at his request at the end of the recording
of each statement. In addition to being given the opportunity at the end of
the recording of each statement to make amendments to that statement, the
statement-recording on 4 January 2019 and on 7 January 2019 was preceded by
Hasan reading back and interpreting to the accused the statement(s) recorded
in the previous session(s), and ASP Teo asking the accused (through Hasan) if
he wished to make any amendments to the previous statement(s). This meant that
on 4 January 2019, before any statement was recorded from the accused, the
statement of 3 January 2019 was read back and interpreted to him; and he was
asked if he wished to make any “correction, deletion or addition to it”.
Similarly, on 7 January 2019, before any statement was recorded from the
accused, the statements of 3 January 2019 and 4 January 2019 were read back
and interpreted to him; and he was asked if he wished to make any “correction,
deletion or addition” to those statements. This process was documented at the
start of the statements of 4 January 2019 and 7 January 2019 respectively. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

2AB987 and 2AB998.

As for 8 January 2019, the accused refused to have his statements of 3 January
2019, 4 January 2019 and 7 January 2019 read back to him, and informed ASP Teo
that he did not wish to make any correction, deletion or addition to those
statements. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

2AB1019.

57 On each occasion on 4 January 2019 and 7 January 2019, the accused
requested to make various amendments to his previous statements. In
particular, on 4 January 2019, when his statement of 3 January 2019 was read
back by Hasan and the accused was asked if he wished to make any correction,
deletion or addition to that statement, he specifically requested to amend
paragraph 20. This was the paragraph with the sentence “I decided that I
wanted to kill her”. The accused requested that the following sentences be
added at the end of paragraph 20: 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

2AB989, para 52.

Every day, I received call from ‘Yati’ at 9.30pm. After she had relationship
with ‘Hanifi’, she did not call me. When I tried to call her, I found her
phone engaged until 11.30 pm. All these made me angrier. Basically, when I
could not talk to her, I felt very angry.

58 It should be added that Hasan testified that the accused raised no
complaints in the course of the recording of his statements. Certainly he did
not complain that he could not understand Hasan or that Hasan had
misinterpreted parts of his statements. Hasan’s testimony in this respect was
not challenged by the Defence.

59 I found it telling that the accused had his statements read back to him
several times, that he was presented with multiple opportunities to amend
those statements, and that he did make amendments (including substantive
amendments). It raised serious questions as to why the accused did nothing
about those parts of the statements in which he was recorded as saying he had
“decided” to kill Yati. Even more tellingly, when pressed to clarify exactly
what he had said to Hasan and how Hasan had interpreted his statement back to
him, the accused’s evidence became increasingly incoherent and unbelievable. I
take paragraph 20 of the accused’s statement of 3 January 2019 as an example.
In examination-in-chief, although he started by claiming that he had told
Hasan he was “thinking” about what to do and whether to kill Yati, he shifted
after a while to claiming that “[t]hese words came from … Hasan”. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

Transcript of 22 September 2020, p 31 line 23.

According to him: 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

Transcript of 22 September 2020, p 31 lines 16–29.

[Hasan] asked me, ‘When did you think of killing Yati?’ My answer was,
‘December 9th.’ That time, he told me, ‘So you have decided to kill her.’ And
I didn’t understand the big Bengali word and I said, ‘Yes.’

60 In cross-examination, when the accused was asked what Bengali word Hasan
had used for “decided” when reading the statement back to him, the accused
prevaricated, initially claiming that he was “thinking of many things,
particularly like [his] family” at the material time and that he “[did] not
really remember what [Hasan] said because at that time, [he] did not really
pay attention [to] what [Hasan] was saying”. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

Transcript of 24 September 2020, p 4 line 28 to p 5 line 18.

This was despite his having said in examination-in-chief that Hasan had used
“the big Bengali word” which he could not understand. When it was pointed out
to him that he had managed to make multiple amendments to the statement of 3
January 2019 and even to paragraph 20 itself, the accused’s testimony shifted
again: he claimed that “[s]ometimes [he] heard [Hasan], sometimes [he] did
not”; that “[s]ometimes [he] felt like talking, sometimes [he] didn’t feel
like talking”; 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

Transcript of 24 September 2020, p 9 lines 4–11.

and that although he had made some amendments to that statement, “after a
while [he] really got irritated” so he had told Hasan there was “[n]o need to
read everything” back to him before signing off on the statement. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

Transcript of 24 September 2020, p 8 lines 17–28.

61 With respect, the above evidence made no sense, since it was clear that
despite his avowed lack of interest in the contents of the statement being
read back to him, the accused had nevertheless made substantive amendments to
various parts of the statement, including paragraph 20. Indeed, in respect of
paragraph 20, when this was read back to him on 4 January 2019, not only had
he volunteered details of Yati’s failure to call him at night after she
started a relationship with Hanifa and of his own anger at her behaviour (as
noted at [57]), he had even added details about her trip to collect “two boxes
of facial cream” from a friend on 30 December 2018 prior to their going to the
Hotel. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

2AB989, paras 51–52.

Given his attention to detail vis-à-vis the contents of paragraph 20, it
beggared belief that he should have failed to pay attention to the crucial
sentence, “I decided that I wanted to kill her”.

62 It appeared that the accused realised the tenuous quality of the above
evidence because when questioned further by the Prosecution, he suddenly
asserted that Hasan had used the Bengali word “sirdhanto”, which meant
“decide”. Indeed, not only did the accused purport to recall Hasan’s use of
the word “sirdhanto”, he was able to contrast this with the court
interpreter’s use of the word “thik” (which the latter had explained was an
“easier” Bengali word for “decided”) and to assert that he himself had used
the Bengali word “bahapchi” 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

Misspelt as “papci” in the transcript of 24 September 2020, p 13 line 4.

(translated by the court interpreter as “thinking” 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

Transcript of 22 September 2020, p 29 line 29 to p 31 line 9.

): 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

Transcript of 24 September 2020, p 13 lines 1–5.

[F]rom … your mouth [ie, the court interpreter], two words came out. One is
thik kora ci. Another is sirdhanto. Hasan said, ‘Ami sirdhanto niyechi.’ And
you [ie, the court interpreter] said ‘Ami thik kora [ci].’ And I said, ‘Ami
papci [ie, bahapchi]’. I always wanted to say, ‘Ami papci [ie, bahapchi].’ I
do not know how this word got changed. I do not know.

63 Having given the above evidence, when he was asked by me to confirm that
Hasan had used the word “sirdhanto”, the accused appeared to baulk at
providing such confirmation. On the one hand, he appeared to retreat at one
point to his earlier claims about not remembering what Hasan had said. He also
claimed that in fact, he did not know the two words “sirdhanto” and “thik” (as
in “thik kora ci”), despite having – just moments prior - distinguished these
two words from the word “bahapci” which he said he had used. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

Transcript of 24 September 2020, p 13 line 6 to p 14 line 5.

On the other hand, he also subsequently claimed that where he was recorded as
having said that he had “decided that [he] wanted to kill Yati” (paragraph 20
of the 3 January 2019 statement) and that he had “decided to kill her”
(paragraph 27 of the same statement), “[t]he sentences were formed by
[Hasan]”. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

Transcript of 24 September 2020, p 28 lines 14–17.

When asked to clarify what he meant when he said these sentences had been
“formed” by Hasan, he claimed – after much stalling and equivocation – that
Hasan had asked him, “Have you decided that you wanted to kill her”, to which
he had said “yes”. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

Transcript of 24 September 2020, p 28 line 19 to p 30 line 19.

When asked why he had said “yes” if he had never used the word “decided”
himself, he claimed that he had said “yes” because he did not know the meaning
of the word “decided” and understood Hasan to be simply asking him if he had
killed Yati. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

Transcript of 24 September 2020, p 30 lines 20–30.

64 In further cross-examination, 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

Transcript of 24 September 2020, p 11 lines 3–27.

the accused was referred to Question 5 in his statement of 4 January 2019, in
which ASP Teo had focused specifically on the sentence in paragraph 20 of his
3 January 2019 statement, “On 9 December 2018, when she (‘Yati’) first told me
that she had another boyfriend, I decided that I wanted to kill her”, and
asked him to “further elaborate on this”. In response to ASP Teo’s request for
further elaboration, the accused gave the following response: 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

2AB992.

67 I was inside my dormitory when I found out that ‘Yati’ got a new
Bangladeshi boyfriend. It happened on 9 December 2018 in the evening. I was so
angry and I told myself that I would kill ‘Yati’. I looked around and found
the rope that was near my bed. The rope could be found attached at the hood of
the jacket. It was soft, tough, and easy for me to keep the rope inside my
pocket. I knew that I could strangle her to death. I chose the hotel because I
would not be able to strangle her in other locations. Besides, I had a plan to
question her to see if she agreed with me or not. I wanted her to promise me
to break up with her boyfriend. If she listened to me and broke up the
relationship, I would not kill her. I told myself that I would bring the rope
with me and kill ‘Yati’ the next time we were in the Hotel.

68 I did not meet ‘Yati’ on 16 December 2018. I brought my rope with me on 23
December 2018. On 23 December 2018, when we were in the hotel, she answered
all questions and agreed with me that she would continue to meet me. When I
asked her about the new relationship, she told me that she did not meet
[Hanifa] and they merely talked on phone and Facebook messenger. So, I decided
not to proceed with my plan as she did not make me angry.

69 On 30 December 2018, I met ‘Yati’ in the hotel. She did not agree with me.
She did not want to break up with [Hanifa]. I strangled her to death.

65 Again, the accused’s responses in paragraphs 67–69 of his 4 January 2019
statement were telling, because ASP Teo had specifically drawn his attention
to the sentence containing the words “I decided that I wanted to kill her”.
That he could have failed to notice at that juncture the use of the word
“decided” again beggared belief. Indeed, having had his attention drawn to the
said sentence, he responded to the request for elaboration by supplying
details of his “plan” – namely, to question Yati to see if she would agree to
break up with her new boyfriend, and to kill her if she did not agree. In
other words, far from denying any decision to kill Yati, the accused’s
response affirmed the earlier statement about his decision to kill her.

66 At trial, of course, the accused did not accept that he had said anything
about a decision or a plan to kill Yati. When he was asked how Hasan had
interpreted the words “I decided that I wanted to kill her” when interpreting
Question 5 to him, his answers became increasingly convoluted and
unbelievable. First, he claimed that Hasan had used the Bengali words for both
“think” and “decide” when interpreting Question 5. He claimed that he did not
remember exactly whether Hasan had used the Bengali word “sirdhanto” or “thik”
– but he appeared quite certain that the word “bhabso” was used by Hasan for
“think”. He even suggested that there were “many” Bengali words which could be
used for the English word “think”. However, when the Prosecution sought to get
him to pin down the meaning of the Bengali word “bhabso”, he again shifted
position and declared that he had believed all three words – “sirdhanto”,
“thik” and “bhabso” – to “[mean] the same thing”. On being questioned further
by the Prosecution, his answers became entirely illogical as he vacillated
between repeating that Hasan had used the Bengali word “bhabso” and denying
any memory of what Hasan had said. I set out below the relevant extract from
the trial transcript: 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

Transcript of 24 September 2020, p 16 line 10 to p 19 line 10.

Accused: How did he translated this question [ie, Question 5] to me, I do not
fully remember. I remember a little bit. If you want me to tell you, I can
tell you.

…

Accused: He told me, ‘When did you think that you will kill Yati?’ My answer
was 9th December. Then he again said on 9th – I do not exactly remember which
Bengali word he said, whether it was ‘sirdhanto’ or ‘thik’ … But I didn’t
understand it fully. I didn’t think about it. I said yes.

Court: Sorry, you said yes in answer to what exactly?

Accused: He said, ‘On that date, you decided to kill her?’ I said yes. This is
how the whole thing went.

Court: … So what word did Hasan use for ‘think’ when he said, ‘When did you
think you will kill Yati’?

Accused: ‘Bhabso’. This English word ‘think’ – how many Bengali words can be
used for ‘think’. If you want to know, then all my problems will be solved.

…

Accused: He asked me in simple way, ‘When did you bhabso to kill her?’ Then I
said, ‘Yes, 9th December.’

DPP: What does the word ‘bhabso’ mean to you?

…

Accused: – ‘bhabso’, ‘thik kora’, ‘sirdhanto’, I thought all these words meant
the same thing.

DPP: … when [Question 5] was posed to you and interpreted by Hasan, the word
that Hasan used was ‘bhabso’? You recall now that he used the word ‘bhabso’?

Accused: All these words, he used. So I used whatever word – I followed his
words, whatever he used.

DPP: … when Mr Hasan interpreted question 5 to you, how did he interpret the
phrase or how did he interpret ‘I decided that I wanted to kill her’? What
word did he use to interpret ‘decide’ or ‘decided’?

Accused: I told you earlier I do not exactly remember.

DPP: So your answer is that you do not exactly remember, right?

Accused: Yes, I do not remember.

DPP: Right. So earlier, when you said ‘bhabso’ when you said … Mr Hasan said
‘bhabso’, did he actually say ‘bhabso’ or is it the case that you can’t
remember now?

…

Accused: … I had limited knowledge when he asked me. He asked the question …
like this in simple Bengali, ‘When did you think of killing her?’ He used the
word ‘bhabso’. If a simple Bangladeshi person asks you, ‘When did you think of
killing a person?’, the simple word they used, ‘bhabso’, ‘cinta’ – they used
those words – he used those words.

Court: Sorry, ‘he used those words’, who used those words?

Accused: People used those words but Hasan, exactly what word he used, I do
not remember.

67 I have set out in some detail the accused’s evidence in order to illustrate
the evasiveness he displayed as he flip-flopped between different – often
opposing – positions. In my view, the accused plainly appreciated that his
attempt at trial to disavow all previous statements about having “decided” to
kill Yati lacked credibility, given, inter alia, the many opportunities he had
been given to amend and/or to elaborate on those previous statements. In
consequence, he became extremely skittish about being pinned down to any
definite account of how exactly those statements had been interpreted to him;
and to resist nailing his colours to the mast (so to speak), he would jump
from one position to another, alternating between proclaiming his inability to
recall Hasan’s words and attributing all sorts of statements to Hasan. In
short, his story about having merely told Hasan he was “thinking” about
killing Yati was precisely that – a story, made up as an afterthought, to
explain away the incriminating portions of his statements.

68 Moreover, if in fact all that the accused had told Hasan was that he was
“thinking” about whether to kill Yati, there was no reason for Hasan to convey
to ASP Teo something entirely different. From the accused’s own evidence at
trial, assuming he had said in Bengali that he was “thinking”, he would have
used either the word “bahapchi” or the word “bhabso”. It was simply not
possible that Hasan – a certified interpreter of 18 years’ standing – would
have confused these Bengali words for “think” with the Bengali words for
“decide” (“sirdhanto” or “thik”). The Defence did not suggest to Hasan that he
had somehow misheard the accused.

69 As for the suggestion that Hasan had used the word “decide” in posing
questions to the accused and that the accused had simply said “yes” to his
question without knowing what the word meant, I found this suggestion equally
unbelievable. I have explained earlier why I found the accused’s evidence in
this respect to be riddled with inconsistencies and lacking in credibility. It
should also be noted that in cross-examining ASP Teo, Defence counsel had put
it to her that every specific question she had asked of the accused during the
statement-recording was recorded in the body of the relevant statement; and
that if there were any other questions, they would have been merely of a
clarificatory nature, along the lines of “You said this. I don’t understand
what it means”. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

Transcript of 16 September 2020, p 116 lines 10–15.

According to the Defence’s case, therefore, it would have been Hasan himself
(and not ASP Teo) who took the initiative to introduce the word “decide” into
the recording process when the accused had never used the word at all and did
not even know what it meant. In my view, this was an entirely baseless
proposition. The Defence did not suggest why – in the absence of any specific
questions from ASP Teo as to whether or when the accused had decided to kill
Yati – Hasan should have found it necessary to put such questions of his own
to the accused. Certainly I could not see any reason why – as the interpreter
– Hasan would have gone on such a frolic of his own and put words in the
accused’s mouth.

70 For the reasons set out in [55]–[69], I did not believe the accused’s
denial of a premeditated plan to kill Yati. I found that the accused did
indeed tell the police that as early as 9 December 2018, he had decided he
wanted to kill Yati after learning of her new relationship (paragraph 20 of
the 3 January 2019 statement); and further, that his plan was to ask her to
break up with her new boyfriend – and to kill her if she did not agree
(paragraph 67 of the 4 January 2019 statement).

Why the accused brought the rope along with him on 30 December 2018

71 The existence of such a plan was corroborated by the accused’s own
admissions in his investigative statements as to why he had brought a rope
along with him on 30 December 2018. In his statement of 3 January 2019, the
accused said that the rope “belonged” to one of his old jackets, and that
although he had discarded the jacket long ago, he had kept the rope “to be
used to tie [his] laundries together before washing”. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

2AB981, para 21.

He said at one point that he “chose to kill ‘Yati’ with a rope with no real
reason”. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

2AB981, para 21.

However, he also explained that he “felt that rope was easy to keep in the
pocket” and that he had concerns about “sharp weapon[s] like knife” which he
knew were “prohibited to carry in public”. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

2AB981, para 21.

As noted earlier, when he was subsequently asked on 4 January 2019 to
elaborate on his earlier statement (in paragraph 20 of the 3 January 2019
statement) that he had “decided that [he] wanted to kill [Yati]”, the accused
disclosed that on 9 December 2018, when he became “so angry” on hearing of
Yati’s new boyfriend and “told [himself] that [he] would kill [her]”, he had
looked around and found the rope. It will be recalled that he also explained
118

##### Foot Note 118

×

2AB992, para 67.

that this rope was “soft, tough, and easy … to keep … inside [his] pocket”.
His plan was to kill Yati if she refused to leave her new boyfriend: he knew
that he could strangle her to death, and he “told [himself] that [he] would
bring the rope with [him] and kill ‘Yati’ the next time [they] were in the
Hotel”. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

2AB992, para 67.

He did in fact bring the rope with him on 23 December 2018 but did not kill
Yati that day because she agreed to continue seeing him and assured him that
she did not meet with Hanifa. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

2AB992, para 68.

On 30 December 2018, however, she refused to break up with Hanifa, and the
accused “strangled her to death”. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

2AB992, para 69.

72 At trial, contrary to the account he had given in his investigative
statements, the accused claimed that the presence of the rope in his pocket on
30 December 2018 was entirely fortuitous. According to the accused, he had
used the rope to tie his laundry on 9 December 2018. While doing his laundry
that day, he had been talking to Yati on the telephone and had become “very
angry” upon hearing about her new boyfriend. It was at that point that it
“came to [his] head that [he] will kill her with that rope”. He put the rope
in his pocket after finishing his laundry. The next day, he reconciled with
Yati, and “everything was okay”. He did not bother to remove the rope from his
pocket, because in any event he “always” kept the rope in his pocket. He wore
the same pair of trousers (with the pocket containing the rope) when he went
to meet Yati on 23 December 2018 and on 30 December 2018, because these were
the trousers he “usually” wore: these trousers had “quite a number of
pockets”, and he wore them for going out. Since he wore the same pair of
trousers on 23 December 2018 and 30 December 2018, the rope “was with [him] as
well” inside the pocket, but he “didn’t carry that rope to kill [Yati]” on 30
December 2018: it just so happened that the rope was “[a]lways in [his]
pocket”. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

Transcript of 22 December 2020, p 32 lines 2–27.

73 I did not believe the accused’s narrative at trial about why he had the
rope with him on 30 December 2018. My reasons were as follows. Quite apart
from the details which the accused himself had volunteered in paragraph 67 of
his 4 January 2019 statement, in that same statement-recording session, ASP
Teo had drawn his attention to his mention of the rope in paragraph 21 of his
3 January 2019 statement and had specifically asked him to elaborate on why he
had taken a rope with him on 30 December 2018. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

2AB992, Question 6.

I reproduce below the accused’s response to ASP Teo: 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

2AB992–993.

70 Since 9 December 2018, I decided that I would bring with me the rope when I
knew we would be going to a Hotel. Usually, we would plan on Friday, and we
would confirm if we were going to the Hotel on Saturday. So, on Sunday, I
would know that I need to bring the rope with me.

71 Between 23 December 2018 to 30 December 2018, I was quarrelling with ‘Yati’
everyday about [Hanifa]. At night, I tried to call ‘Yati’ but ‘Yati’ number
was always engaged. During the day time, I called ‘Yati’ and she received the
call. I asked her why she did not pick up my call. I also asked her why she
was closer with [Hanifa] and forgot me. During this time, ‘Yati’ blocked my
number and me in Facebook. I was not sure if it happened on Thursday and
Friday. I contacted ‘Yati’s’ mother in Indonesia. However, I was unable to
speak Malay and her mother was unable to speak in English. I then messaged
‘Yati’s’ sister to seek her help to get ‘Yati’ to contact me. About half an
hour later, ‘Yati’ called me. ‘Yati’ said that our relationship had ended on
23 December 2018 when she paid me the last $500. She also said that she had
sex with me as per my request so everything was over. I insisted to meet her
and talk to me in person. She agreed to meet up with me and she told me that
it would be the last time we met. I was very angry and I knew that I would
kill her when I met her on 30 December 2018.

72 In fact, I wore the same pant and shirt on 23 December 2018 and 30 December
2018. I did not remove the rope from my back pocket on 23 December 2018.
Although I did not remove the rope from my back pocket on 23 December 2018, I
knew that the rope was inside my pocket when I was going to meet ‘Yati’ on 30
December 2018. I deliberately chose the same set of attire so that I would
bring the rope out with me.

74 Again, I found the above response telling because it was provided by the
accused after his attention had been drawn by ASP Teo to the issue of the
rope. If the presence of the rope in his pocket on 30 December 2018 was merely
fortuitous, one would have expected him to say so to ASP Teo. He did not.
Indeed, reading the above response together with his response in the preceding
paragraphs 67–69 of the same statement, it was clear that the rope played an
integral part in his plan to kill Yati: he chose it because it was tough, yet
easy to keep in his pocket; he knew he could strangle Yati with it; he planned
to strangle her in a hotel; and he made sure to bring the rope with him
whenever he knew he and Yati would be going to a hotel. This was why he had
the rope with him on 23 December 2018 and on 30 December 2018. In other words,
the fact that he had the rope with him on 30 December 2018 was the result of a
considered decision: it was not a coincidence nor an accident of ill fortune.

75 At trial, the accused sought once again to blame Hasan for those portions
of his statements which dealt with his possession of the rope. According to
the accused, he knew that he had killed Yati with the rope; he “didn’t want to
explain everything” and “wanted to cut short the whole thing”: 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

Transcript of 22 September 2020, p 32 line 28 to p 33 line 5.

So whatever [Hasan] said about the rope, I said, ‘Yes, yes.’ And the question
came from Hasan about the rope and I said, ‘Yes.’

76 I found the accused’s explanation unbelievable. His assertion that he had
“wanted to cut short” the statement-recording – and that he had simply
answered “Yes, yes” to whatever Hasan asked about the rope – was refuted by
the contents of his investigative statements, which showed that he had taken
the trouble to provide various details about the rope: for example, the fact
that the rope had been part of an old jacket; the use he had habitually made
of it when doing his laundry; the ease with which it could be kept in his
pocket, as compared to a prohibited weapon such as a knife; and his decision
to bring it with him after 9 December 2018 whenever he knew he and Yati would
be going to a hotel. These were details which Hasan could not have known, and
which – even if Hasan had asked about the rope – could not have been conveyed
via the brief answer “Yes, yes”. They were details which had to have been
volunteered by the accused himself. The same reasoning would apply even if it
was ASP Teo who had asked the accused (through Hasan) about the rope –
although in this connection, I should add that it was never put to ASP Teo
that she had asked the accused questions about the rope, nor were any such
questions by her recorded in the statements.

77 Finally, the Defence argued that the fact that the accused had used a towel
to strangle Yati showed that “the rope was not part of a pre-meditated plan to
kill [Yati] with that particular item”. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

DCS, para 23.

With respect, this argument ignored facts which the accused himself had
volunteered. It was not disputed that there were two acts of strangulation –
the first involving the use of the towel, the second involving the use of the
rope. According to the accused’s narrative, the rope was kept in the pocket of
his trousers on 30 December 2018, just as it had been kept there on 23
December 2018. At the point of the first act of strangulation, both the
accused and Yati were naked. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

2AB981, para 22.

In other words, the accused did not have the rope close at hand at that point.
He did have the towel in his hand at that point, according to his narrative.
He had already “rounded” the towel around Yati’s neck twice – and at one
point, even around his own neck – while trying to convince her to break up
with Hanifa and to stay in a relationship with him (the accused) until his
return to Bangladesh. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

2AB982, para 26; 2AB993–994, paras 73–75.

When she refused and when he told her “Today, I will kill you”, he was holding
the same towel and he “rounded” her neck with it again. He started to tighten
the towel after she “challenged” him to kill her; and this was how he came to
strangle her with the towel. 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

2AB994, para 75.

In the circumstances, the use of the towel in the first act of strangulation
was purely a matter of convenience: the towel was what the accused happened to
have in his hands when Yati made the fatal decision to refuse once more his
plea that they continue their relationship. Significantly, when he decided to
commit the second act of strangulation, he chose to do so with the rope, which
he took from his trouser pocket; and from his own narrative, his use of the
rope was not some hasty fumbling act but a deliberate one involving, inter
alia, the “crossing” of the rope behind Yati’s neck and the tying of several
knots. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

2AB957–958, paras 53 and 54.

78 For the reasons set out in [73]–[77], I accepted the Prosecution’s
submission that the accused had brought the rope with him on 30 December 2018
as part of a premeditated plan to kill Yati.

Whether the accused’s statements to Dr Cheok should be given any weight

79 In addition to challenging the incriminating portions of his investigative
statements in which he had spoken of his decision to kill Yati and his plan to
use the rope, the accused also took issue with Dr Cheok’s interview notes. The
Defence’s main objections were in respect of certain parts of these interview
notes in which Dr Cheok had recorded the accused relating to him a “plan” to
kill Yati. According to the Defence, no weight should be given to those parts
of Dr Cheok’s interview notes because various defects in the interview process
for all three interviews rendered the interview notes unsafe to rely on. In
particular, the Defence objected to any weight being given to the following
statements and comments recorded by Dr Cheok in his notes:

(a) From the interview notes of 21 January 2019: 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

3AB152.

He [ie, the accused] planned to take [Yati to a] hotel, he brought a rope with
him to strangle her.

…

‘I spent so much money’

‘If she had waited 1 month for me to go home’

…

He had planned to kill her; if she apologised and agreed to be in a
relationship for 1 more month, he would not kill her

…

He had brought rope to the hotel in his pants pocket

(b) From the interview notes of 25 January 2019: 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

3AB161.

Q: When did you start to think about killing her

A: About 9 Dec, I went to see her at her place in Serangoon. On that day, she
came down and started scolding me and spoke to me very angrily. On previous
occasions, she would embrace me. On 9 Dec, I called her around 1 pm. She did
not pick up phone, I called many times and left voice messages. I spoke
vulgarities, ‘fucking woman’. Then finally when I could not contact her at 7
pm I went to Serangoon. I overheard she was talking to employer that someone
is disturbing me ‘can I call the police’. I started thinking of killing her in
June 1x and July 1x and she cried and stopped seeing him and I stopped
thinking about killing her. On Dec 9, I started planning to kill her. …

80 The Defence argued that it was unsafe to rely on Dr Cheok’s notes because –
according to the accused – Dr Cheok already had the accused’s police
statements at the first interview on 21 January 2019; 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

Transcript of 18 September 2020, p 84 lines 19–22.

Dr Cheok conducted nearly all of the first interview and at least half of the
second interview in English without the Bengali interpreter being present; 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

Transcript of 22 September 2020, p 50 lines 5–32; p 52 lines 9–12; DCS, paras
29–32; DRS, para 10.

and Dr Cheok merely asked a few questions about the accused’s sleep while
omitting to ask any case-related questions during the third interview. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

Transcript of 22 September 2020, p 52 lines 1–3; transcript of 23 September
2020, p 79 lines 22–32.

81 I found the Defence’s objections to Dr Cheok’s interview notes to be
without merit. Notably, the accused’s allegations about the Bengali
interpreter’s absence for the most part during these interviews were
unsupported – indeed, controverted – by the objective evidence. In respect of
the first interview by Dr Cheok on 21 January 2019, the CAMS tracking report
maintained by the prison authorities showed that Dr Cheok had arrived for the
interview at the Changi Medical Complex at 1.57pm on that day, while the
Bengali interpreter Md Sirajul Islam (“Sirajul”) had arrived at 2.18pm.
Subsequently, Sirajul had left at 3.44pm while Dr Cheok had left at 3.46pm.
136

##### Foot Note 136

×

Transcript of 25 September 2020, p 114 lines 3–16.

The CAMS tracking report showed, therefore, that Sirajul had arrived soon
after Dr Cheok’s arrival, and not towards the end of the interview as the
accused claimed. Dr Cheok’s evidence was that the 21 minutes prior to
Sirajul’s arrival would have been used as “some degree of administrative time”
(escorting the accused to the interview room, uncuffing him, getting him
seated, cuffing him again and so on). 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

Transcript of 25 September 2020, p 114 line 17 to p 115 line 11.

The formal interview would have started with his recording the accused’s
personal particulars and explaining the purpose of the interview as well as
the issue of confidentiality vis-à-vis the contents of the interview: Sirajul
would have been present right from the start of the formal interview. 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

Transcript of 25 September 2020, p 129 line 8 to p 130 line 11.

Dr Cheok’s evidence on this score was corroborated by Sirajul himself. 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

Transcript of 28 September 2020, p 8 line 31 to p 10 line 22.

I should add that given the terminology which would have had to be explained
to the accused when he was briefed about the purpose of the interview
(“psychiatric assessment”, “Institute of Mental Health”, “confidentiality”,
etc), I found it extremely unlikely that Dr Cheok would have attempted to
explain the various terms to the accused in English. At the same time, given
the accused’s indisputably limited grasp of English, it was also extremely
unlikely that Dr Cheok could have elicited all the information recorded in his
interview notes without the assistance of an interpreter.

82 It should be pointed out that in making allegations about Sirajul’s absence
on 21 January 2019, the Defence appeared to have misunderstood some of the
evidence. The Defence claimed that Dr Cheok’s interview notes for 21 January
2019 showed that Sirajul was only present at about 3.30pm. 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

DCS, para 29.

This was a misapprehension of Dr Cheok’s notes. In fact, Dr Cheok had clearly
recorded in his notes that the interview commenced at 2pm, with Sirajul
present as interpreter; 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

3AB144, under “Telephone No / Contact Person” and “Date of Clerking”.

and that at 3.30pm on the same day, he had spoken via telephone with the
accused’s mother in Bangladesh, again with Sirajul present as interpreter. 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

3AB158.

83 As for the second interview on 25 January 2019, the CAMS tracking report
showed that Sirajul had arrived at 10.12am, slightly ahead of Dr Cheok who had
arrived at 10.18am; and both of them had left at 10.53am. 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

Transcript of 25 September 2020, p 118 lines 23–30.

Again, therefore, the CAMS tracking report supported Dr Cheok’s assertion that
Sirajul was present for the entire interview. This was confirmed by Sirajul
himself. 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

Transcript of 28 September 2020, p 11 line 17 to p 13 line 18.

84 As for the third interview on 28 January 2019, the CAMS tracking report
showed that Dr Cheok had arrived at 2.13pm and left at 2.43pm, while Sirajul
had arrived at 2.29pm and left at 2.43pm. 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

Transcript of 28 September 2020, p 14 lines 7–22.

Dr Cheok testified that the third interview would typically be shorter than
the preceding two because by then, most of the information required for the
psychiatric assessment would have been obtained. 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

Transcript of 25 September 2020, p 121 lines 24–28.

Dr Cheok denied that he had merely asked the accused about his sleep without
asking any case-related questions. This was borne out by his interview notes,
as these notes documented certain case-related information that Dr Cheok could
not have known without asking the accused (for example, the fact that Yati had
met Hanifa on Facebook). 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

3AB164.

85 Dr Cheok further denied having had the accused’s investigative statements
during the interviews. He produced in court the only summary of facts he had
been provided with by the police prior to interviewing the accused. 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

Exhibit P133.

This was a very brief document which mentioned five things: the discovery of
Yati’s corpse in the Room; Yati’s and the accused’s brief personal
particulars; the existence of a “romantic relationship” between them; the
certified cause of Yati’s death; and the fact that the accused had been
charged for the offence of murder. I accepted Dr Cheok’s evidence. If the
police had in fact provided him with the accused’s investigative statements,
it made no sense for them to give him concurrently the brief summary of facts:
such a document would have been superfluous if Dr Cheok already had the
investigative statements in hand. In any event, if Dr Cheok really had been
given the investigative statements by the police prior to his interviews with
the accused, I did not see (and the Defence was unable to suggest) any reason
why he should have felt it necessary to lie about it.

86 For the reasons set out in [81]–[85], I rejected the Defence’s submission
that it was unsafe to rely on Dr Cheok’s interview notes.

87 Dr Cheok’s interview notes were relevant because, inter alia, they
established that the accused had narrated to Dr Cheok a version of events
largely similar to the version narrated in his investigative statements. In
particular, the accused had told Dr Cheok about his “plan” to bring Yati to
the Hotel and to kill her if she refused to remain in the relationship with
him until he returned to Bangladesh. As with the accused’s investigative
statements, therefore, Dr Cheok’s interview notes supported the Prosecution’s
contention that the accused’s killing of Yati was carried out in accordance
with a premeditated plan.

88 Dr Cheok’s interview notes were also relevant to the determination of
another important issue: namely, whether Yati had in fact spoken the
Humiliating Words to the accused in the Room on 30 December 2018. I next
address this issue.

Whether the alleged Humiliating Words were in fact spoken by Yati to the
accused in the Room on 30 December 2018

89 As I noted earlier at [51], the accused’s contention that he had killed
Yati completely on impulse and not in accordance with any premeditated plan
rested on two key factual propositions. The first was that he had never told
the police – or Dr Cheok – about a decision or a plan to kill Yati. The second
was that Yati had spoken the Humiliating Words to him in the Room on 30
December 2018. I have explained why I rejected the first proposition. I will
now explain why I also rejected the second proposition.

90 To recap: in its closing submissions, the Defence identified the following
as the Humiliating Words: 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

DCS, para 34; 3AB6.

… he [ie, Hanifa] is better than you. He is better than you in the hotel … he
is better in bed … he is better financially. If you don’t believe … next week
I will go with him, will make a video and show you.

91 According to the accused, the Humiliating Words were the trigger for his
actions in strangling Yati to death: when he heard her say these words, he
“went crazy”, he “lost control”, his “mind [was] blank”, “he had the thought
to kill her” 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

3AB6; 3AB21; 3AB23.

– and that was precisely what he did.

92 Given the momentous impact which the Humiliating Words had on the accused,
one would have expected him to mention Yati’s utterance of these words to the
police and/or to Dr Cheok when he was interviewed by them. Yet, as the accused
himself admitted, he said nothing at all about the Humiliating Words to the
police and to Dr Cheok. It was not disputed that the first time he brought up
Yati’s alleged utterance of the Humiliating Words was at his interview with Dr
Ung on 19 May 2020 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

3AB21.

– some 17 months after the killing of Yati. The accused’s failure to make any
mention of the Humiliating Words to the police and/or to Dr Cheok in the weeks
following the killing struck me as being highly anomalous, and ultimately,
fatal to his credibility, particularly since he was unable to provide any
coherent explanation for the omissions.

93 In so far as his statements to the police were concerned, the accused came
up with a few different answers when asked why he had not mentioned the
Humiliating Words in any of these statements. In respect of his cautioned
statement, 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

2AB945.

the accused claimed that the recording officer (ASP Lee Tien Huat Chris, “ASP
Lee”) had told him that he was “stupid” to have killed “the girl” (ie, Yati),
and that now his “life go away”. 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

Transcript of 23 September 2020, p 35 line 9 to p 36 line 28.

The accused thought that in saying this, ASP Lee “was feeling bad for [him]
because [he] was going to die”; and that since he was “going to die”, he would
not mention the Humiliating Words in giving his cautioned statement. 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

Transcript of 23 September 2020, p 36 line 27 to p 37 line 18.

Secondly, he thought that ASP Lee “might get annoyed, angry” if he mentioned
“all these things”, so he decided to “be precise” and “say whatever [he]
wanted to say” in “a shortcut way”. 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

Transcript of 23 September 2020, p 37 lines 14–18.

94 I found the accused’s explanations vis-à-vis his cautioned statement glib
and lacking in credibility. The accused himself had described ASP Lee as
having spoken to him in a “very kind” and “nice” manner during the statement-
recording. 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

Transcript of 22 September 2020, p 8 line 12 and p 9 line 26; transcript of 23
September 2020, p 29 line 18 to p 30 line 13.

It seemed to me quite unbelievable that the “kind” and “nice” ASP Lee should
have taken it upon himself to admonish and alarm the accused by telling him
that he was “stupid” and that his life would “go away”. Furthermore, there was
simply no reason for ASP Lee to admonish and alarm the accused in this manner:
he had no connection with the case other than having been requested to record
the cautioned statement from the accused, and he was not aware of the details
of the case – not even that a rope had been used. 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

Transcript of 16 September 2020, p 92 lines 7–10 and 16–23.

Defence counsel himself put it to ASP Lee that it was not his job to elicit
more details from the accused during the recording of the cautioned statement:
his job was just to record whatever the accused said to him. 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

Transcript of 16 September 2020, p 98 lines 17–21; p 99 lines 4–5.

In the circumstances, it would have made no sense for ASP Lee to make any
comments to the accused about his actions.

95 In any event, even assuming that ASP Lee had somehow taken it upon himself
to tell the accused that he was “stupid” and that his life would “go away”,
there was no logical connection between these comments and the accused’s
alleged decision to refrain from mentioning the Humiliating Words in his
cautioned statement. When the accused was asked to explain what one had to do
with the other, he could not provide any explanation and ended up merely
repeating, “I was going to die”. 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

Transcript of 23 September 2020, p 37 lines 9–14; p 38 lines 22–23.

I should add that it did not appear to me the accused meant by this statement
that he had fatalistically decided it was futile to say anything of importance
in his cautioned statement. Indeed, despite having allegedly concluded that he
“was going to die”, he had still found it necessary to state in his cautioned
statement that he had proof of Yati having had “another relationship with
another guy”, that he had “spent a lot of money on her” and that she had
“cheated” on him. 160

##### Foot Note 160

×

2AB945.

96 As for the accused’s claims about having been afraid to anger ASP Lee by
saying too much, this appeared to me to be just as unbelievable as his claim
about ASP Lee calling him “stupid”. As noted above, Defence counsel had put it
to ASP Lee that his job was simply to record whatever the accused said: it was
not put to ASP Lee that he had tried to cut the accused off in the course of
his narrative. Not was it put to ASP Lee that he had given the accused the
impression he was required to give his cautioned statement in a “shortcut
way”. There was no reason, therefore, why the accused should have felt
apprehensive about mentioning details such as the Humiliating Words. Indeed
the contents of the accused’s cautioned statement disproved his allegations
about having been afraid to say too much. As noted above, the accused had
sought to explain the killing of Yati by saying that he had done it “out of
anger, because [he had] proof that she ha[d] another relationship with another
guy” and she had “cheated” on him after he had “spent a lot of money on her”.
He had also given details of how he strangled Yati first with a towel and then
with a rope. It did not appear to me that he felt in any way constrained in
what he could say or how much he could say.

97 For the reasons set out in [94]–[96], I rejected the accused’s explanations
for why he omitted to mention the Humiliating Words in his cautioned
statement.

98 In respect of his investigative statements, the accused said he had two
reasons why he did not mention the Humiliating Words to ASP Teo. 161

##### Foot Note 161

×

Transcript ot 23 September 2020, p 57 lines 7–19.

First, he claimed that he did not mention the Humiliating Words to ASP Teo
“because she was a lady” (to which he subsequently added, “[s]he looked like
my girlfriend”); and he felt that it would not be nice to say such things to a
lady. 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

Transcript of 23 September 2020, p 57 lines 20–29.

Second, the accused claimed that he did not mention the Humiliating Words
because he “was going to die”: 163

##### Foot Note 163

×

Transcript of 23 September 2020, p 56 lines 1–17 and p 57 lines 18–19.

according to him, although he had thought at one point of telling ASP Teo
about the Humiliating Words when she asked him why he had killed Yati, he
decided against it because 164

##### Foot Note 164

×

Transcript of 23 September 2020, p 56 lines 16–17.

–

… I will die soon, what’s the point?

99 As with his reasons for not telling ASP Lee about the Humiliating Words,
the accused’s stated reasons for not mentioning those words to ASP Teo also
rang false. First, I found it unbelievable that he was so fearful of offending
a “lady” like ASP Teo that he could not bring himself to repeat the words.
After all, in recounting to ASP Teo the events of 30 December 2018, he had
already told her about having sex with Yati twice in the Room, about their
remaining naked in the Room even as they continued to quarrel over Yati’s
relationship with Hanifa, 165

##### Foot Note 165

×

2AB981, para 22.

and about Yati telling him after sex that “she was a prostitute” and asking
him “how much [he] could pay her”. 166

##### Foot Note 166

×

2AB993–, para 73.

Given that he had felt able to mention all these things to ASP Teo without
worrying about her taking offence, it was highly improbable that he would have
suddenly developed concerns about her getting offended at hearing the
Humiliating Words.

100 Second, I found it equally unbelievable that the accused refrained from
mentioning the Humiliating Words because he thought he would “die soon”. When
he was asked to clarify why such a thought would have inhibited him from
mentioning those words, his explanations were illogical and incongruous. At
one point in cross-examination, as noted earlier, he himself had said, “I
decided not to [mention the Humiliating Words] because I will die soon, what’s
the point”. 167

##### Foot Note 167

×

Transcript of 23 September 2020, p 56 lines 15–17.

He was asked whether this meant he had decided not to bring up the “hurtful”
words because he saw no point in giving more facts or more particulars. He
demurred. 168

##### Foot Note 168

×

Transcript of 23 September 2020, p 62 line 15 to p 63 line 30.

When he was asked to clarify what he had meant, he was unable to do so.
Instead, he asserted that he “didn’t say much about what [his] girlfriend said
to [him] or did to [him]”. 169

##### Foot Note 169

×

Transcript of 23 September 2020, p 64 lines 1–10.

However, looking at the contents of his investigative statements, this
assertion was simply untrue. Far from having exercised restraint in disclosing
what Yati had said or done to him, he had provided a copious amount of
information about Yati’s behaviour towards him which included the rude or
harsh things she had said and done to him. For example, he said that he had
“spent a lot of money on her” and had bought her things such as a pre-paid
phone card. 170

##### Foot Note 170

×

2AB986, para 39.

He also volunteered details of how she had taken money from him: when she
needed money to build a house in Indonesia, she had asked him to cancel his
home leave and to give her money; and he had done so by helping her pay off a
loan at the rate of $283 per month over a five-month period. 171

##### Foot Note 171

×

2AB979, para 15.

As noted earlier, he had mentioned her telling him after sex on 30 December
2018 that “she was a prostitute” and asking him how much he could pay her. He
had also mentioned her telling him to “leave her alone” and reneging on her
earlier promise not to take another boyfriend by saying that “this was
depending on her mind and luck”. 172

##### Foot Note 172

×

2AB981, para 22; 2AB989, para 53.

In short, contrary to the accused’s claims, his statements to the police
revealed that he had much to say about what Yati had said and done to him.

101 For the reasons set out in [99]–[100], I rejected the accused’s
explanations as to why he omitted to mention the Humiliating Words in his
investigative statements.

102 In respect of his interviews with Dr Cheok, the accused initially claimed
that he did not say anything about the Humiliating Words because he had been
told that Dr Cheok was a “doctor for [his] head”: 173

##### Foot Note 173

×

Transcript of 23 September 2020, p 68 lines 29–32.

He was going to check my head. I didn’t want to tell him all those words
because it was my understanding what will those words help him. In Bangladesh
also, we don’t tell doctors so many things.

103 I did not believe the above explanation. First, Dr Cheok testified that he
had explained to the accused the purpose of the interviews; in particular, the
fact that he was a staff from the IMH, that he had been directed by the court
to conduct a psychiatric assessment (and not a “medical physical
examination”), and that his report would be tendered to the court. 174

##### Foot Note 174

×

Transcript of 25 September 2020, p 117 line 7 to p 118 line 1.

Dr Cheok was clear that it was standard practice for such information to be
given to an accused person who was the subject of a court-mandated psychiatric
assessment. 175

##### Foot Note 175

×

Transcript of 25 September 2020, p 116 line 28 to p 117 line 4.

I did not think, therefore, that the accused could have been unaware of the
reason why Dr Cheok was interviewing him.

104 Indeed, as the Prosecution pointed out in cross-examination, it was
apparent from Dr Cheok’s interview notes that he had specifically asked the
accused, “Please help me understand why you killed her”. 176

##### Foot Note 176

×

Transcript of 23 September 2020, p 67 lines 28–32; 3AB160.

Tellingly, when this line in Dr Cheok’s interview notes was highlighted to the
accused, he replied evasively at first that Dr Cheok had asked only “[h]alf
the question”. 177

##### Foot Note 177

×

Transcript of 23 September 2020, p 68 lines 3–4.

When pressed, he conceded that Dr Cheok had asked, “Why did you kill the
girl?” 178

##### Foot Note 178

×

Transcript of 23 September 2020, p 68 lines 7–13.

When asked again why he had failed to tell Dr Cheok about the Humiliating
Words which had (according to him) led to his strangling Yati, he could
provide no coherent explanation and merely asserted that he had “decided not
to say those words … [he] didn’t want to say those words to the doctor”. 179

##### Foot Note 179

×

Transcript of 23 September 2020, p 70 lines 15–27.

Yet, once again, this assertion was plainly unbelievable because Dr Cheok’s
interview notes showed that the accused had – in answer to the question about
why he had killed Yati – articulated a number of reasons. Thus for example he
had said: 180

##### Foot Note 180

×

3AB160.

Because she does not talk to me nicely

Whenever I call her she was harsh with me

If she spoke to me nicely, if I go my way you go your way I may decide not to
kill her

I told her to tell your boyfriend not to call you for 1 month after I am
married

You are free to mix with him

105 Considering that he had been prepared to tell Dr Cheok he killed Yati
because, inter alia, she did not talk to him “nicely” and was harsh with him,
there was no reason why the accused should have decided to refrain from
mentioning the Humiliating Words allegedly uttered by Yati on 30 December
2018. When he was pressed further, he simply retreated to the bare statement
that he had “decided not to tell” Dr Cheok 181

##### Foot Note 181

×

Transcript of 23 September 2020, p 74 lines 21–24.

– which was no answer at all.

106 For the reasons set out in [103]–[105], I rejected the accused’s
explanations as to why he omitted to mention the Humiliating Words in his
interviews with Dr Cheok.

107 To sum up, therefore: given the significance of the Humiliating Words in
relation to the accused’s actions in killing Yati, one would have expected him
to mention this when he was interviewed by the police and Dr Cheok. This was
all the more so when he had taken the trouble to provide both the police and
Dr Cheok with details of various things said and done by Yati in the Room on
30 December 2018. As noted above, none of the accused’s explanations for his
failure to mention the Humiliating Words could be believed. In my view, the
accused’s account of these Humiliating Words to Dr Ung some 17 months after
Yati’s death – and subsequently at trial – was yet another story he had made
up. Pertinently, Dr Ung agreed at trial that in criminal cases of this nature,
there would be “the motivation to falsify, distort or exaggerate facts to
avoid punishment”; and that the “lapse of time” after the killing “would have
given [the accused] more time to think up and come up with such falsehoods,
distortions and exaggerations”. 182

##### Foot Note 182

×

Transcript of 25 September 2020, p 36 line 30 to p 37 line 6.

With respect, this was in my view precisely what the accused had done. It was
clear that having killed Yati in accordance with his premeditated plan, he
later decided to find some way of avoiding or minimising responsibility for
the killing. To do so, he had to, inter alia, rebut any inference of
premeditation or pre-planning; and this was why, more than a year thereafter,
he came up with the story of the Humiliating Words (in addition to the other
falsehoods I have earlier addressed – see [52]–[70], [72]–[78] and [80]–[86]).

108 To recap: the accused’s claim about the alleged utterance of the
Humiliating Words by Yati was an important part of the narrative of the
killing which he presented to Dr Ung and at trial – his narrative being one of
an “impulsive” killing, committed in the spur of the moment, and without any
premeditation or planning. Clearly, the alleged utterance of these Humiliating
Words was central to the two partial defences which the accused invoked: that
of diminished responsibility (Exception 7 to s 300 of the Penal Code) (Cap
224, 2008 Rev Ed) (“PC”)), and that of grave and sudden provocation (Exception
1 to s 300 of the PC. I next address in turn the accused’s reliance on each of
these partial defences.

Whether the partial defence of diminished responsibility was made out by the
accused

The applicable test

109 Exception 7 to s 300 of the PC provides as follows:

Culpable homicide is not murder if the offender was suffering from such
abnormality of mind (whether arising from a condition of arrested or retarded
development of mind or any inherent causes or induced by disease or injury) as
substantially impaired his mental responsibility for his acts and omissions in
causing the death or being a party to causing the death.

110 This partial defence has been considered by the Court of Appeal (“CA”) on
a number of occasions. In Iskandar bin Rahmat v Public Prosecutor and other
matters [2017] 1 SLR 505 (“Iskandar”) (cited by the CA in several subsequent
cases including Nagaenthran a/l K Dharmalingam v Public Prosecutor and another
appeal [2019] 2 SLR 216 (“Nagaenthran”)), the CA explained:

79 There are three distinct requirements under Exception 7 which must be
satisfied before an accused is entitled to rely on it (see the decisions of
this court in Ong Pang Siew at [58] and PP v Wang Zhijian [2014] SGCA 58
(‘Wang Zhijian’) at [50]):

(a) The accused was suffering from an abnormality of mind (‘the first limb’).

(b) Such abnormality of mind (‘the second limb’):

(i) arose from a condition of arrested or retarded development;

(ii) arose from any inherent causes; or

(iii) was induced by disease or injury.

(c) The abnormality of mind substantially impaired his mental responsibility
for his acts and omissions in causing the death (‘the third limb’).

80 It is further well established that whilst the second limb (otherwise known
as the aetiology or root cause of the abnormality) is a matter largely to be
determined based on expert evidence, the first and third limbs are matters
which cannot be the subject of any medical opinion and must be left to the
determination of the trial judge as the finder of fact …

111 In respect of the first limb, the CA in both Iskandar (at [81]) and in
Nagaenthran (at [23]) adopted the definition articulated by Lord Parker CJ in
delivering the judgment of the English Court of Criminal Appeal in Regina v
Byrne [1960] 2 QB 396 (at 403):

‘Abnormality of mind,’ … means a state of mind so different from that of
ordinary human beings that the reasonable man would term it abnormal. It
appears to us to be wide enough to cover the mind’s activities in all its
aspects, not only the perception of physical acts and matters, and the ability
to form a rational judgment as to whether an act is right or wrong, but also
the ability to exercise the will power to control physical acts in accordance
with that rational judgment. The expression ‘mental responsibility for his
acts’ points to a consideration of the extent to which the accused’s mind is
answerable for his physical acts which must include a consideration of the
extent of his ability to exercise will power to control his physical acts.
[emphasis in original omitted]

112 In respect of the second limb, the CA in Nagaenthran noted (at [30]–[31]
that the words in parentheses in Exception 7 were to be read in a restrictive
sense, in that Exception 7 was intended to cover offenders who suffered from a
“recognised and proven psychiatric condition”. It was not intended to apply to
offenders suffering from transient or even self-induced illnesses that had no
firm basis in an established psychiatric condition that arose from a condition
of arrested or retarded development of mind or any inherent causes or was
induced by disease or injury.

113 In respect of the third limb, the CA in Nagaenthran also explained (at
[33]) how this was to be established:

At its heart, the third limb … is concerned with the connection between the
offender’s abnormality of mind and his mental responsibility for his acts or
omissions in relation to the offence … [T]he offender’s abnormality of mind
[must] be of such an extent as to have substantially impaired his mental
responsibility for his acts or omissions in relation to the offence … [W]hat
in fact amounts to a substantial impairment of mental responsibility is
largely a question of commonsense to be decided by the trial judge as the
finder of fact. It is especially the case in this context that while medical
evidence would be important in determining the presence and/or extent of
impairment, whether an accused’s mental responsibility was substantially
impaired is ultimately a question of fact that is to be decided by the court
based on all the evidence before it … Substantial impairment in this context
does not require total impairment; but nor would trivial or minimal impairment
suffice. What is required is an impairment of the mental state that is real
and material but which need not rise to the level of amounting to the defence
of unsoundness of mind under s 84 of the Penal Code … Further, the requirement
of substantial impairment does not entail that the offender’s abnormality of
mind must be the cause of his offending. Instead, the question is whether the
abnormality of mind had an influence on the offender’s actions … [emphasis in
original]

The three limbs of Exception 7 are cumulative requirements; and the accused
who relies on Exception 7 bears the burden of establishing all three limbs on
a balance of probabilities: Nagaenthran at [21].

Applying the test to the facts of the present case

The first and second limbs

114 In the present case, both the Prosecution and the Defence agreed that the
first and second limbs were satisfied. 183

##### Foot Note 183

×

PCS, paras 67–68.

In respect of the first limb, the Prosecution’s expert witness Dr Cheok and
the Defence expert Dr Ung were agreed that the accused suffered from an
abnormality of mind – namely, AD. Both doctors agreed that the criteria for AD
were as follows (taken from the American Psychiatric Association, Diagnostic
and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (2013, 5th Ed) at p 286): 184

##### Foot Note 184

×

3AB27.

A. The development of emotional or behavioral symptoms in response to an
identifiable stressor(s) occurring within 3 months of the onset of the
stressor(s).

B. These symptoms or behaviors are clinically significant, as evidenced by one
or both of the following:

1\. Marked distress that is out of proportion to the severity or intensity of
the stressor, taking into account the external context and the cultural
factors that might influence symptom severity and presentation.

2\. Significant impairment in social, occupational, or other important areas
of functioning.

[emphasis added]

115 Both doctors were agreed that the stressor in the accused’s case was his
relationship with Yati. Both were agreed that the “clinically significant”
symptom listed under paragraph B(1) (above, in italics) was present, whereas
the symptom listed under paragraph B(2) was not. In Dr Cheok’s words (per his
report dated 11 August 2020): 185

##### Foot Note 185

×

3AB120, para 3a.

[The accused] suffered from adjustment disorder after finding out that Yati
was seeing another man and wanted to breakup the relationship with [the
accused]. As a result, [the accused] became depressed, jealous, angry and
anxious … Despite his symptoms, [the accused] was able to work, concentrate at
his work, organize his life as well as remained interested in biological
activities such as sex which is typically diminished in serious mental
disorders.

116 There are two points I should deal with here. First, Dr Cheok stated in
his report of 11 August 2020 (at paragraph 3a) that “AD is considered a
subthreshold diagnosis and does not reach the severity of serious mental
illness such as major depressive disorder”. On the other hand, whilst Dr Ung
conceded that “the diagnosis of an Adjustment Disorder is made when a subject
does not meet the full criterion of a Major Depression”, he opined that
“empirical data suggests that it may be as disabling as Major Depression and
may have a significant impact on behaviour”. 186

##### Foot Note 186

×

3AB11, para 29.

In support of his opinion, Dr Ung cited data which according to him showed
that AD “was the psychiatric diagnosis found in 23 of 278 (8.3%) homicide
defendants in a North American sample, and Acute Stress Reactions and [AD] 187

##### Foot Note 187

×

Dr Ung did not provide the breakdown as between cases of Acute Stress
Reactions and cases of AD in this local study.

was diagnosed in 2 of 110 (1.8%) individuals charged with murder between 1997
to 2001 in a local study”. 188

##### Foot Note 188

×

3AB11, para 30.

117 I considered the two doctors’ opinions on the above issue to be really a
difference in emphasis in the context of a general proposition. I did not
consider it ultimately material to the key issue of whether the AD in the
present accused’s case caused “substantial impairment” of his mental
responsibility for his killing of Yati.

118 Second, Dr Cheok stated in cross-examination that he was prepared to
accept that the accused’s AD did cause “some” impairment of his mental state,
189

##### Foot Note 189

×

Transcript of 25 September 2020, p 138 lines 3–14.

but disagreed that it caused “substantial impairment” of his mental
responsibility for his acts in causing Yati’s death. There was an attempt by
Defence counsel to suggest that Dr Cheok’s testimony that the AD had caused
“some impairment” of the accused’s mental state really amounted to conceding
that the impairment to the accused’s mental responsibility for the killing of
Yati was “not trivial” – and thus “substantial”. 190

##### Foot Note 190

×

Transcript of 25 September 2020, p 136 line 24 to p 138 line 19.

With respect, the suggestion was misconceived. To begin with, it was hardly
surprising that Dr Cheok should have opined that there was “some” impairment
of the accused’s state of mind arising from the AD. Had he found no impairment
of the accused’s state of mind at all, he would not have been able to arrive
at his conclusion that the accused suffered from an abnormality of mind –
since an absence of any impairment would have meant that the accused’s mental
state was no different from that of “ordinary human beings”. Dr Cheok’s
evidence as to there having been “some” impairment of the accused’s mental
state arising from the AD thus meant nothing less and nothing more than what
he had said. In any event, any suggestion that Dr Cheok’s answer about “some”
impairment of the accused’s mental state amounted to a concession that there
was impairment of his mental responsibility for the killing which was “not
trivial” would invest the doctor’s testimony with a significance or weight
that was entirely misplaced. As the CA has been at pains to point out in cases
such as Nagaenthran (at [33]) and Ong Pang Siew v Public Prosecutor [2011] 1
SLR 606 (“Ong Pang Siew”) (at [64]), in the context of Exception 7, the
assessment of whether there has been impairment of the accused’s mental
responsibility which was “real and material” – as opposed to being “trivial”
or “minimal” – is largely a question of commonsense to be decided by the trial
court as the finder of fact. While medical evidence would be important in
determining the presence and/or extent of impairment, whether an accused’s
mental responsibility was substantially impaired is ultimately a question of
fact to be decided by the court based on all the evidence before it: that is,
not only the medical evidence but also all other relevant facts and
circumstances of the case, including the conduct of the accused before, during
and after the offence (Nagaenthran at [33]; Ong Pang Siew at [59]–[60] and
[64]).

119 In respect of the second limb, both doctors were agreed that this too was
satisfied in that AD was a recognised mental disorder or disease.

The third limb

120 In respect of the third limb of Exception 7, as the CA noted in Public
Prosecutor v Wang Zhijian and another appeal [2014] SGCA 58 (“Wang Zhijian”)
at [67]:

… [T]here are three usual ways in which a psychiatric condition might
substantially impair a person’s mental responsibility. The first is that it
affects the person’s ‘perception of physical acts and matters’. The second is
that it hinders the person’s ‘ability to form a rational judgment as to
whether an act is right or wrong’. The third is that it undermines the
person’s ‘ability to exercise will power to control physical acts in
accordance with that rational judgment’. …

121 In the present case, it was not disputed that the accused’s “perception of
physical acts and matters” was not affected. He was completely cognisant of
his actions. This was not, for example, a case of automatism.

122 It was also not disputed that the accused’s AD did not hinder his judgment
as to whether an act was right or wrong. He was fully aware that the act of
killing Yati was morally wrong as well as being a serious offence under
Singapore law. In his cautioned statement, after admitting to having killed
Yati “out of anger”, he stated that he was “sorry” and would “accept whatever
punishment”. 191

##### Foot Note 191

×

2AB945.

In his investigative statement of 3 January 2019, he said that he knew that
under Singapore law, if he killed someone, he would be hanged. 192

##### Foot Note 192

×

2AB986, para 39.

123 Where the Prosecution and the Defence differed sharply was in respect of
the third category of substantial impairment mentioned by the CA in Wang
Zhijian: whether the accused’s AD had undermined his ability to exercise will-
power to control his physical acts in accordance with his judgment of what was
right or wrong.

124 The Defence argued that the accused’s ability to exercise such will-power
and self-control was substantially impaired by his AD. In this connection, the
Defence relied heavily on the opinion of Dr Ung who had stated in his report
of 5 June 2020: 193

##### Foot Note 193

×

3AB17, para 40.

It is my opinion that [the accused’s] Adjustment Disorder significantly
contributed to his offence by making his emotions more labile (unstable)
especially exacerbating his feelings of anger as well as reducing his self-
control and impairing his judgment (leading to his making inappropriate
choices). In this sense there is a ‘causal link’ between his disorder and his
offending behaviour.

125 Whilst Dr Ung referred in his report to the accused’s “judgment” being
“impaired”, it was clear from his testimony that he did not mean the accused’s
judgment of what was right or wrong had been impaired. Instead, he appeared to
be referring to two separate matters. First, it will be recalled that the
Prosecution’s case was that the accused killed Yati in accordance with a plan
which he had devised prior to 30 December 2018, in which he had decided that
he would ask Yati to leave Hanifa and to remain in a relationship with him
(the accused) until his return to Bangladesh – and he would refrain from
killing her if she agreed to do so, but would kill her if she refused. This
was what Dr Cheok had in his testimony referred to as the “algorithm” or
“decision tree” formulated by the accused. 194

##### Foot Note 194

×

Transcript of 18 September 2020, p 35 lines 14–29.

In this connection, Dr Ung’s opinion was that had the accused not had AD, he
would not have come up with such an “algorithm” or “decision tree”: 195

##### Foot Note 195

×

Transcript of 25 September 2020, p 23 lines 1–14.

… [I]f I asked myself, on the basis of probability, if he did not have any
adjustment disorder, would he even be having that algorithm, you know, to kill
somebody or not to kill somebody, in the normal run of the mill, I mean …
rejections and … breakups are … a part of life, you know. They happen, I
suppose, to most people, you know. And … people are able to go through the
pain, you know, without resorting to any extreme behaviour. … So I would say
that had he not ha[d] an adjustment disorder, then that decision tree wouldn’t
even come up, you know. It would be a … different decision tree, you know.
‘What should I do …? Should I look for a new girl? Should I’ – as what he had
said, go ahead with his previous plan to marry an arranged bride, you know?
Should he have no relationship for a while because it’s too painful? So it
would be a different decision tree. …

126 The second thing which Dr Ung apparently meant when he talked about the
accused’s “judgment” being impaired was that there was “increased impulsivity”
which made it “harder” for the accused to “put a brake” on carrying his
thoughts about killing Yati into action. 196

##### Foot Note 196

×

Transcript of 25 September 2020, p 23 line 24 to p 24 line 7.

It must be pointed out, however, that this was simply another way of saying
that the accused’s self-control was impaired.

127 The Prosecution, in disagreeing with the Defence on the third limb,
contended that far from there having been “substantial impairment” of the
accused’s mental responsibility for his actions, the killing of Yati was a
deliberate act carried out in accordance with his premeditated plan. Aside
from relying on Dr Cheok’s evidence, the Prosecution also pointed to the
evidence of the accused’s conduct before, during and after the killing which,
in their submission, demonstrated that his self-control remained intact
throughout. According to the Prosecution, the evidence showed that “the
accused demonstrated presence of mind and was able to rationally make
decisions and act in a goal-directed manner before, during and after the
killing”. The accused’s reasons for killing Yati also indicated that it “was a
considered act of violence, motivated by a mixture of [his] pre-existing
grievances against [Yati] and other instrumental reasons”. 197

##### Foot Note 197

×

PCS, para 77.

128 I address first Dr Ung’s proposition that the accused would not have come
up with his “algorithm” or “decision tree” if not for his AD. I did not accept
this proposition. My reasons were as follows. From his evidence-in-chief (as
set out above), what Dr Ung appeared to be saying was this: deciding to kill
one’s faithless lover would be a poor decision (whether in terms of moral
culpability or criminal liability) – ergo, only someone with AD would make
such a poor decision, because a “normal” person would decide to take some
other course of action (finding a new lover, avoiding romantic entanglements,
etc) which would not carry the risk of such moral culpability or criminal
liability. With respect, this proposition appeared to me to be really a value
judgment, unsupported by any medical grounds or, for that matter, by any
evidence. Indeed, in cross-examination, Dr Ung conceded that “a normal person
with no psychiatric illness would also make poor choices and be more impulsive
when they are emotional”. 198

##### Foot Note 198

×

Transcript of 25 September 2020, p 48 line 22 to p 49 line 11.

129 Dr Ung’s other proposition was that the accused’s AD caused “increased
impulsivity” which made it “harder” for him to “put a brake” on carrying the
thoughts he had about killing Yati into action. As I observed earlier, this
really amounted to saying the accused’s self-control was impaired; and in re-
examination, Dr Ung did in fact frame it as such. According to him, given a
choice whether to “carry through” with killing Yati or not to “carry through”,
AD would “amplify the [accused’s] negative emotions” with the following
consequences: 199

##### Foot Note 199

×

Transcript of 25 September 2020, p 107 line 11 to p 108 line 10.

So, you know, if anger was one of the predominant emotions, it would make him
… so angry as to, I suppose, not be able to stop himself from going ahead …
[T]he intensity of the AD would have peaked, you know, sort of when she
finally tells him that … she doesn’t want a relationship with him anymore and
in fact has got another Bangladeshi boyfriend. So at that point we would
expect a surge of negative emotions – anger, sadness, anxiety, anguish. That
would compromise his cognitive processes … the ability to … inhibit certain
behaviours, the ability to think clearly by looking at a variety of choices.

130 I did not accept Dr Ung’s proposition that the accused’s AD caused
“increased impulsivity” and accordingly, lack of self-control on 30 December
2018. My reasons were as follows. In the first place, as seen from the above
response Dr Ung gave in re-examination, this proposition was premised on the
accused’s ability to “inhibit certain behaviours” having been compromised by
the “surge of negative emotions” he experienced on 30 December 2018 when he
“finally” heard from Yati that she had a new Bangladeshi boyfriend and did not
want a relationship with him anymore. However, this factual premise was not
borne out – and was actually contradicted – by the accused’s own evidence.
According to the accused, he had already found out on 9 December 2018 that
Yati had a new Bangladeshi boyfriend. 200

##### Foot Note 200

×

2AB992, para 67.

Yati even advised him to go back to Bangladesh to get married. 201

##### Foot Note 201

×

2AB980, para 18.

On 24 December 2018, Yati turned down the accused’s proposal that she continue
her relationship with him until he returned to Bangladesh in February 2019,
and told him that “she would not continue the relationship with [him] even for
a day”. 202

##### Foot Note 202

×

2AB980, para 19.

Between 23 December 2018 and 30 December 2018, the accused and Yati quarrelled
everyday about her new Bangladeshi boyfriend. He could not reach her on the
telephone; and when he did manage to get her to call him, she told him that
“everything was over”: their relationship had ended on 23 December 2018, the
day when she repaid him the last $500 she owed him and had sex with him “as
per [his] request”. 203

##### Foot Note 203

×

2AB992–993, para 71.

In the circumstances, there was no evidential basis for the proposition that
the accused had suffered a “surge of negative emotions” [emphasis added] on
“finally” learning on 30 December 2018 that Yati had a new boyfriend and did
not wish to continue their relationship. Indeed, according to the Defence’s
submissions, it was the Humiliating Words from Yati that “specifically
provoked” the accused and “were too much for [him] to bear”. 204

##### Foot Note 204

×

DCS, paras 34–35.

131 In so far as the Defence’s case on diminished responsibility was premised
on the accused having lost self-control when he heard the Humiliating Words
from Yati, I have explained why I found his evidence about the Humiliating
Words to be an afterthought and a fabrication (see [92]–[107]).

132 I have also explained why I rejected the accused’s attempt to disavow
those portions of his investigative statements and Dr Cheok’s interview notes
in which he had spoken of deciding to kill Yati and coming up with a plan to
kill her if she refused his demand to continue their relationship (see
[55]–[69] and [81]–[85]). These statements by the accused showed that far from
having strangled Yati on “impulse” upon hearing the Humiliating Words on 30
December 2018, the accused had – by 9 December 2018 – already formulated a
clear “algorithm” for action, whereby he would demand that she continue their
relationship until his return to Bangladesh – and proceed with killing her if
she refused. 205

##### Foot Note 205

×

2AB992, para 67; 3AB152.

Indeed, even leaving aside his express affirmations of such a “decision” and
“plan” in his investigative statements and in his interviews with Dr Cheok,
the evidence of his conduct before and during the killing showed only too
distinctly that he had a plan to put this “algorithm” into action and was
fully capable of taking the steps necessary to execute this plan.

133 Thus, prior to meeting Yati on 30 December 2018, the accused had already
determined on 9 December 2018 how and where he would kill her. As he explained
in his statement of 4 January 2019, after learning of Yati’s new Bangladeshi
boyfriend on 9 December 2018 and resolving to kill her, he had settled on
strangulation as the method of killing (“I knew that I could strangle her to
death”), and on the rope from his jacket as his weapon of choice (“It was
soft, tough, and easy … to keep … inside my pocket”). 206

##### Foot Note 206

×

2AB992, para 67.

He had also settled on the Hotel as the place where he would carry out the
killing (“I chose the hotel because I would not be able to strangle her in
other locations”). 207

##### Foot Note 207

×

2AB992, para 67.

134 On 23 December 2018, the accused brought the rope with him to the Hotel
but did not use it on Yati because she agreed to continue to meet him and
assured him that she did not meet Hanifa. On the evening of the same day,
however, she told him to go back to Bangladesh to get married and spoke about
Hanifa again. He persuaded her to meet him on the following Sunday – which was
30 December 2018. They went to the Hotel again on that day – and that was when
and where he strangled her to death.

135 From the above sequence of events and the accused’s conduct between 9
December 2018 and 30 December 2018, it was clear that the accused was capable
not only of formulating a step-by-step plan for killing Yati (where, how, when
and under what conditions) but also of following that plan and executing it
only when the requisite conditions were met (when they were at the Hotel and
after she refused his demand to continue their relationship). This was
demonstrably rational, goal-directed behaviour which would have required a
certain measure of self-control.

136 Indeed, it must be highlighted that even before 30 December 2018, Yati had
already caused much anguish to the accused when she met him in person on the
night of 9 December 2018. Not only had she failed to answer his calls that
day, she had accused him of “disturbing” her” and had even talked to someone
at her employer’s residence about calling for the police. When she finally
agreed to meet him at the void deck of her employer’s residence, she had
“expressed her anger” by scolding him (“she told me that I act like mad”). On
that occasion, the accused would no doubt have experienced a considerable
amount of emotional upheaval, especially since it was “the first time she was
talking like this”. 208

##### Foot Note 208

×

2AB980, para 17.

As he himself put it, he was “suspicious and was very angry”. Yet, notably,
the accused committed no acts of violence against Yati that day. Instead, it
was upon her confirming to him that very same night the existence of a new
Bangladeshi boyfriend that he came up with the step-by-step plan to kill her
(“I looked around and found the rope … I chose the hotel … I had a plan to
question her to see if she agreed with me or not. I wanted her to promise me
to break up with her boyfriend. If she listened to me and broke up the
relationship, I would not kill her.” 209

##### Foot Note 209

×

2AB992, para 67.

). In other words, the accused kept his emotions sufficiently in check on 9
December 2018 to refrain from any violent reaction to the aggravation from
Yati; he started formulating his plan to kill her only after receiving
confirmation of her new boyfriend Hanifa; and even then, he did not rush into
action despite ongoing quarrels with Yati about Hanifa between 23 December
2018 and 30 December 2018, but kept to the algorithm he had formulated,
killing her only on 30 December 2018 when she refused his demand to continue
their relationship. In my view, this was assuredly not the behaviour of a man
whose self-control was hostage to his “fluctuating” 210

##### Foot Note 210

×

Per Dr Ung in re-examination: transcript of 25 September 2020, p 108 lines
2–10.

emotions of anger, jealousy and anxiety.

137 The accused’s actions in the Room on 30 December 2018 provided further
evidence of his ability to exercise will-power and self-control. From the
accused’s own narrative, throughout the time they were in the Room up until
the moment of her death, Yati persisted in rejecting his repeated demands for
her to continue their relationship until his departure for Bangladesh and to
leave Hanifa. Yet the accused did not immediately strangle her the first time
she rejected his demand. Per his investigative statements, 211

##### Foot Note 211

×

2AB993–994, paras 73–75.

prior to strangling Yati to death, he “rounded” the towel around Yati’s neck
and threatened to kill her twice. Each time she defied him by refusing his
demand that she break up with Hanifa. He did not strangle her on these first
two occasions. In between, he had sex with her again; he sent Hanifa a text
message; and he even offered to let her strangle him. It was only on the third
occasion of “rounding” the towel around her neck – after all his various pleas
and stratagems had failed to move her – that he finally tightened the towel
and strangled her to death. Crucially, even on this third occasion, he was
still able to assess the situation he was in and to weigh up his options: in
both his 3 January 2019 statement and his 4 January 2019 statement, he said he
“realised” as he was tightening the towel on the third occasion that “if [he]
left her in this circumstance, she would call for police”. 212

##### Foot Note 212

×

2AB983, para 27; 2AB995, para 77.

This revelation was telling, because it showed that even at the point of
tightening the towel around Yati’s neck (on the third occasion that he had
“rounded” the towel around her neck), the accused was still capable of looking
at his situation from an instrumental perspective. Again, this was not the
behaviour of a man whose will-power and self-control were overwhelmed by the
“surge of negative emotions”.

138 The accused’s actions after the act of strangulation with the towel showed
the same signs of deliberation and purposefulness. After this first act of
strangulation, he carried out several further acts which were designed to
“make sure that [Yati] was dead”: 213

##### Foot Note 213

×

2AB999, para 90.

he retrieved from his back pocket the rope he had brought with him, wound and
knotted this around Yati’s neck, and strangled her a second time; and he also
used a towel to press down hard on her mouth and nose before twisting her head
forcefully from left to right.

139 In considering the evidence of the accused’s actions after the killing of
Yati, I had to bear in mind the fact that some of the actions relied on by the
Prosecution were carried out not in the immediate aftermath of Yati’s death,
but after some time had elapsed – for example, his actions in removing Yati’s
valuables (cash, an ez-link card and her handphone) before leaving the Room,
and instructing Khalik to remit money to his family in Bangladesh. In my view,
care had to be taken not to give undue weight to actions carried out by the
accused after some time had already elapsed from the killing of Yati. It could
be argued that they provided no guide to the state of impairment of his mental
responsibility for the killing, simply because enough time had passed for him
to curb his emotions and regain self-control.

140 In my view, in any event, the evidence of the accused’s actions before and
during the killing of Yati already sufficed to establish that his will-power
and self-control were unimpaired. I did not think this was a case where the
evidence of the accused’s actions after the killing of Yati was crucial in
tilting the balance. What I did note, though, was that nothing in the evidence
of his post-killing conduct militated against the inference that his will-
power and self-control were unimpaired. This included the evidence of how the
accused had put Yati’s clothes back on her body after killing her, because he
“did not want anyone else to see her naked”; how he placed her body in a
sleeping position on her left side facing the window because he “wanted to
know if she would change her position” if he left the room and came back; 214

##### Foot Note 214

×

2AB995–996, para 81.

how he extended the room rental by another two hours and haggled over the
price with the hotel staff; and how he returned to the Room to check the
position of Yati’s body 215

##### Foot Note 215

×

2AB996, paras 81–82.

and “confirm if she was dead”. 216

##### Foot Note 216

×

2AB983, para 30.

141 Interestingly, when cross-examined, Dr Ung said he agreed that in respect
of his actions before and after the act of killing Yati, the accused “showed a
presence of mind and ability to think and make choices”. 217

##### Foot Note 217

×

Transcript of 25 September 2020, p 80 lines 27–28.

However, he attempted to caveat his concession by asserting that the
“presentation” of the accused’s symptoms “would be very variable”: 218

##### Foot Note 218

×

Transcript of 25 September 2020, p 80 line 24.

whilst the impairment to the accused’s mental state would have been “minimal”
both before and after the killing, the “key critical time” one should focus on
in examining the accused’s impairment was “that particular point in time when
he was rejected”. 219

##### Foot Note 219

×

Transcript of 25 September 2020, p 81 lines 1–3.

142 With respect, Dr Ung’s position appeared to me to be untenable. In the
first place, his suggestion that the substantial impairment to the accused’s
mental state would have occurred “at that particular point in time when he was
rejected” appeared to assume that there was only one particular “rejection”
suffered by the accused on 30 December 2018 – whereas, as seen from above (at
[137]), Yati rejected the accused’s demands for her to continue their
relationship several times in the course of their interaction in the Room on
30 December 2018. In the second place, Dr Ung’s approach really constituted an
attempt to “compartmentalise [the accused’s] mental responsibility during the
time of the offence into split-second journeys of rational thinking and
substantial impairment” [emphasis in original] – which was exactly what the CA
cautioned against in Zailani bin Ahmad v Public Prosecutor [2005] 1 SLR(R) 356
(“Zailani”) at [64]. As the CA in Zailani put it, this attempt at “split-
second compartmentalisation” made for “an artificial and convenient excuse
rather than the truth”. Indeed, with respect, Dr Ung did not provide any
grounds for his proposition that it was possible for the accused’s symptoms to
“fluctuate” on a virtually split-second basis.

143 To sum up, therefore: in so far as the Defence sought to suggest (relying
on Dr Ung’s testimony) that only a person with AD would have developed the
sort of “algorithm” the accused did, I have explained why I found this
suggestion to be baseless and misconceived. In so far as the Defence contended
(again relying on Dr Ung’s evidence) that “increased impulsivity” from the
accused’s AD impaired his will-power to resist killing Yati, I have also
explained why I found this contention wholly refuted by the evidence
available.

144 In the course of cross-examining Dr Cheok, the Defence also sought to
suggest that the accused was actually suicidal and had engaged in a “suicide
attempt” on 30 December 2018. 220

##### Foot Note 220

×

Transcript of 18 September 2020, p 57 lines 9–13; p 75 line 24 to p 76 line
10.

In his investigative statement of 3 January 2019, the accused said when he
decided on 9 December 2018 to kill Yati, he had also decided that after he
killed her, he “[would] end [his] life too”. 221

##### Foot Note 221

×

2AB981, para 20.

In the same statement, he also said he knew that under Singapore law, he would
be hanged if he killed someone; and since he had killed Yati, he believed he
would be hanged. 222

##### Foot Note 222

×

2AB986, para 39.

The Defence suggested that this meant the accused “knew that when he killed
[Yati], he would be caught, he would be charged, he would be [hanged]”; and
that “[killing] her knowing that that [was] going to end his life as well …
was a suicide attempt”. 223

##### Foot Note 223

×

Transcript of 18 September 2020, p 57 lines 9–13.

145 It was not clearly explained in the Defence’s closing submissions why
proof of a “suicide attempt” by the accused was relevant to his defence of
diminished responsibility. From counsel’s cross-examination of Dr Cheok, the
Defence appeared to be suggesting that the accused’s AD put him at increased
risk of suicide (or suicide attempt) because persons with AD “want to put an
end to their distress”; and that this was in fact what the accused had sought
to achieve by killing Yati: he wanted to end his “suffering” by ending his
life – and he would achieve this by getting caught, getting charged and
getting hanged for causing Yati’s death. 224

##### Foot Note 224

×

Transcript of 18 September 2020, p 57 lines 23–31.

146 With respect, I found the above contention to be without any basis or
merit. The suggestion that the accused had engaged in a suicide attempt
because he knew “he would be caught, he would be charged, he would be
[hanged]” was based on the crucial assumption that the accused had intended to
be caught and prosecuted for the killing of Yati: the Defence relied inter
alia on his statement to Dr Cheok that “[h]e would surrender to police and he
thought his life was meaningless without her” 225

##### Foot Note 225

×

3AB152.

and on his statement to his dormitory roommate Shak Rasel that he “ended
everything, [he] killed [his] girlfriend”. 226

##### Foot Note 226

×

DCS, para 82; 2AB933, para 6 and footnote 1.

However, as with any of the statements made by the accused (whether to the
police or to the psychiatrists), such statements had to be evaluated against
the other evidence of the accused’s actual behaviour; and when so evaluated,
it was obvious that far from having intended to “surrender to [the] police”
and to accept punishment for his killing of Yati, the accused made concerted
efforts to evade capture in the aftermath of the killing. It will be recalled
that in his investigative statements, the accused had said more than once that
he realised in the course of tightening the towel around Yati’s neck that he
could not leave her like that because she would call the police (see [137]
above). 227

##### Foot Note 227

×

2AB983, para 27; 2AB994, para 75.

That he committed – indisputably – several successive acts of violence on Yati
(strangling her twice, pressing on her mouth and nose, and twisting her head
from side to side) bore testimony to his determination to stop her –
permanently – from going to the police. Although he said he “believed" he
would be hanged for the killing and that he was “prepared to face the
judgment”, 228

##### Foot Note 228

×

2AB986, para 39.

his behaviour post-killing was that of a man seeking to evade judgment rather
than to face it. Whilst he claimed at one point that he “did not surrender
immediately as [he] wanted to buy some time to communicate with [his] family
in Bangladesh”, 229

##### Foot Note 229

×

2AB986, para 38.

this did not explain why he remained at large right up to the point of his
forcible arrest on 31 December 2018. On his own evidence, he did not remain in
his dormitory after asking Khalik to remit money to his family in Bangladesh
but checked into a different hotel in Geylang, checked out after a few hours,
walked around, and took a bus to Boon Lay. 230

##### Foot Note 230

×

Transcript of 24 September 2020, p 59 line 8 to p 60 line 7.

If he had indeed “given up on life” and was simply expecting “to be arrested
and put through this whole process”, 231

##### Foot Note 231

×

Transcript of 18 September 2020, p 77 line 26 to p 78 line 20.

why should he have left the Dormitory and changed his location multiple times
within the space of several hours? The only logical explanation for his
behaviour must be that he was trying to evade detection and capture by the
police.

147 The accused’s other claim – that he wanted to “meet [his] boss” to “tell
him everything and … to tell [his boss] to call the police and give [him] up
to the police” 232

##### Foot Note 232

×

Transcript of 24 September 2020, p 61 lines 25–31.

– was also completely at odds with the objective evidence. For one, it was not
disputed that Ferh’s quality control supervisor Muhammad Hazwan bin Daud
(“Hazwan”) had tried unsuccessfully to call the accused a few times on 30
December 2018, to find out why he had not reported for work that morning. 233

##### Foot Note 233

×

2AB906, para 7.

Had the accused truly been anxious to speak to his superiors, therefore, he
could easily have called Hazwan – who was his supervisor – and arranged to
meet him to “tell … everything”. He did not contact Hazwan. He chose instead
to text Zoe, who was so unfamiliar with him that she did not recognise his
phone number and had to ask him to identify himself. 234

##### Foot Note 234

×

1AB146.

In fact, Ferh’s owner Fadhillah gave evidence – which was not challenged –
that it was “unusual” for the accused to contact Zoe directly instead of his
supervisor Hazwan. 235

##### Foot Note 235

×

2AB902, para 8.

Even more tellingly, when the accused texted Zoe, he said nothing at all about
wanting to meet his “boss”: what he told Zoe was that he wanted to “cut [his]
work permit” and to return to Bangladesh. 236

##### Foot Note 236

×

1AB146.

He subsequently contacted Fadhillah only because Zoe did not respond to his
request to “cut” his work permit and merely directed him to Fadhillah. When
the accused next called Fadhillah, he told the latter he “wanted to return to
Bangladesh immediately because he had family problems” and “even volunteered
to pay for his own flight ticket”: 237

##### Foot Note 237

×

2AB902, para 9.

nothing was said at all about needing to “talk” to Fadhillah. The undisputed
evidence of the accused’s own behaviour demonstrated, in short, that far from
wanting to “surrender” to the police so that he could “put an end” to his
“suffering”, he was trying to find a way to flee Singapore for Bangladesh.

148 The Defence argued that the accused could not really have intended to
return to Bangladesh because after withdrawing $1,000 from his bank account to
remit to his family, he had only $37.78 left in his account, which would not
have been sufficient to pay for an air ticket back to Bangladesh. 238

##### Foot Note 238

×

DCS, para 28.

According to Fadhillah, a one-way ticket to Bangladesh would cost around $300
to $400; the accused’s basic monthly salary was $500 to $600. 239

##### Foot Note 239

×

2AB902, para 9.

However, the Defence’s argument ignored the accused’s own evidence: in cross-
examination, the accused himself testified that Ferh owed him one month’s
salary and that he also had some savings. 240

##### Foot Note 240

×

Transcript of 24 September 2020, p 62 lines 20–21.

This piece of evidence was not retracted in re-examination. In the
circumstances, it was not true that the accused would have found it impossible
to pay for an air ticket.

149 Finally, in relation to the Defence’s submission that the accused had
wanted to “put an end” to his “suffering” by getting caught, getting charged
and getting hanged for causing Yati’s death, it should be highlighted that the
arrest report of 31 December 2018 stated that he had put up a struggle during
the arrest by the police at Ferh office premises, such that necessary force
had to be used to effect the arrest. 241

##### Foot Note 241

×

2AB871–872.

Once again, this was behaviour which was inconsistent with the accused’s
claims about wanting to surrender to the police. When confronted with this
evidence, the accused alleged that he had struggled because the officers who
arrested him were not wearing uniforms and he “didn’t know they were police”,
so when they “got hold of [him]” and “touched [his] neck”, he “got angry”. 242

##### Foot Note 242

×

Transcript of 24 September 2020, p 66 line 8 to p 67 line 11.

However, his allegation that he “didn’t know” the persons who came forward to
arrest him were police officers could not be believed: in his investigative
statement of 3 January 2019, the accused himself had stated that when he
entered the Ferh office on 31 December 2018, “the plain-clothed officers came
out” and “introduced themselves as [p]olice” before handcuffing him. 243

##### Foot Note 243

×

2AB986, para 37.

150 I make two final points about the Defence’s submissions in relation to the
partial defence of diminished responsibility.

151 First, the Defence sought to attribute significance to Khalik’s evidence
that after the accused had told him about having “killed someone” and Khalik
had asked why he had done so, the accused said: “my mind was wrong, I did it
without thinking”. 244

##### Foot Note 244

×

2AB930, para 5.

152 With respect, I did not think the above statement to Khalik was of any
substantive assistance to the Defence’s case. It was not clear what the
accused meant to convey by stating that his mind was “wrong”, but even
assuming he meant that his mental state had been substantially impaired by his
AD, the veracity of this statement still had to be evaluated against other
available evidence of his behaviour. In this connection, I have already
explained why I found that the evidence of the accused’s behaviour showed him
to have acted in a considered and goal-directed manner (see [130]–[143]). As
to why the accused would have told Khalik that his “mind was wrong” and that
he had killed Yati “without thinking”, I found the explanation suggested by Dr
Cheok to be persuasive. As Dr Cheok put it: 245

##### Foot Note 245

×

Transcript of 18 September 2020, p 64 lines 21–31.

… [W]hen we relate stories to our friends and to … our relatives about
incidents, and this is after the incident was done, we will try to present it
in a manner that’s favourable to us. Or at that point in time, they would have
looked back and … realised the gravity of what they have done … and try to
make sense of the whole situation and relate that … version to a friend or to
a relative.

153 Given the presence of mind which the accused displayed before, during and
after the killing of Yati, I concluded that his statement to Khalik was really
an attempt to present to his “uncle” 246

##### Foot Note 246

×

Transcript of 15 September 2020, p 89 lines 19–28.

a more palatable version of the killing: namely, an impulsive killing as
opposed to a deliberate one.

154 Second, I noted that in the course of the Defence’s closing submissions,
there was an attempt to rely on the CA’s decision in G Krishnasamy Naidu v
Public Prosecutor [2006] 4 SLR(R) 874 (“Krishnasamy”). This was in the context
of a criticism mounted by the Defence of Dr Cheok’s evidence as to the absence
of substantial impairment of the accused’s mental responsibility for the
offence. According to the Defence: 247

##### Foot Note 247

×

DCS, para 85.

Without considering the numerous comments by the accused suggesting an act of
finality for his life, and the qualitative evidence relevant to the strength
of his adjustment disorder, Dr Cheok merely highlighted the fact the accused
exercised self-control on the day in question because he tightened and
released the towel three times before going through with his act. As a
preliminary note, this is problematic. Dr Cheok appears to be taking too
segmented an approach to whether the accused exercised self-control and
judgment on the day itself. As the Court of Appeal in [Krishnasamy] opined at
[4]–[6], the question should be more composite than that. In [Krishnasamy],
the Court of Appeal found it strange that the trial judge concluded that
despite the accused meeting limbs (a) and (b) [ie, the first and second limbs
under Exception 7], the accused did not meet limb (c) [ie, the third limb] at
all.

155 In respect of the above argument, it was wholly inaccurate of the Defence
to describe Dr Cheok as having dealt with the issue of self-control simply by
“highlight[ing] the fact the accused exercised self-control on the day in
question because he tightened and released the towel three times before going
through with his act”. Contrary to the Defence’s submission, besides the
evidence of the accused having “rounded” the towel around Yati’s neck on three
occasions, Dr Cheok brought up in his testimony various other pieces of
evidence which he had relied on to conclude that the accused’s self-control
was not impaired: for example, the fact that the accused had been able –
whilst strangling Yati - to tell himself that she might report him to the
police if he “didn’t finish the process”; 248

##### Foot Note 248

×

Transcript of 18 September 2020, p 42 lines 1–5.

and the fact that he had, following the strangulation, performed acts such as
extending the hotel room rental and instructing his friend to remit money,
which showed that “there was presence of mind”. 249

##### Foot Note 249

×

Transcript of 18 September 2020, p 39 lines 1–4.

156 As for the reference to Krishnasamy, it was not made clear exactly how the
decision in that case could assist the present accused in establishing
diminished responsibility. The CA in Krishnasamy was not suggesting that there
was anything wrong in principle with the three-stage test conventionally
applied by the courts when considering the partial defence under Exception 7:
in its judgment, the court acknowledged (at [4]) that the three-stage test was
a “convenient way of drawing attention to the three critical aspects of the
provision in many cases”, though it also cautioned that it might “sometimes
[admit] of a misapplication of the law”. In Krishnasamy itself, the CA held
that the trial judge had misapplied the law in the following manner. The trial
judge had accepted that the appellant in that case suffered from morbid
jealousy which was a disease of the mind and a major mental illness. It was
moreover a case in which the disease of the mind had “a close, if not the
only, connection between the appellant’s act and [the deceased’s] death – a
direct correlation between the subject appellant and the object deceased”.
Yet, despite these findings, the trial judge had rejected the reasoned medical
opinion before him and had instead drawn various arbitrary distinctions in
considering the evidence. Further, having already found the accused to be
suffering from an abnormality of mind (ie, morbid jealousy), the trial judge
had nevertheless gone on to draw comparisons between the appellant’s
“obsessive feelings” and the jealous feelings experienced by persons without
such abnormality of mind, seeming to suggest that since the latter could
exercise self-restraint, there was no reason why the appellant could not. At
the end of the day, therefore, the CA held that while it was “conceptually
possible” for the third limb of Exception 7 not to be satisfied even if the
first two were, in Krishnasamy the trial judge had failed to provide
convincing reasons why he found the third limb not made out.

157 If in citing Krishnasamy, the Defence was suggesting that the third limb
of Exception 7 must be satisfied in most if not all cases where the first two
limbs were satisfied, then such a suggestion would be erroneous: the CA’s
judgment did not establish any such general principle; and local case law is
not short of cases where the court has held the third limb of Exception 7 not
to be satisfied after finding the first two limbs to be made out: see, for
example, Wang Zhijian. It should also be noted that in the CA’s recent
decision in Nagaenthran, they described (at [21]) the conventional three-stage
test as being “cumulative requirements”; and on the facts of Nagaenthran, the
CA held (at [34]) that even if they were to assume in the appellant’s favour
that the first two limbs were satisfied, they were still unable to accept that
the appellant suffered from an abnormality of mind that substantially impaired
his mental responsibility for the offences.

Summary

158 For the reasons I have set out in [114]–[157], I held that the accused was
unable to establish the partial defence of diminished responsibility on a
balance of probabilities. I accepted the Prosecution’s submission that this
was “a considered act of violence, motivated by a mixture of the accused’s
pre-existing grievances against [Yati] and other instrumental reasons”. 250

##### Foot Note 250

×

PCS, para 77.

Whether the partial defence of grave and sudden provocation was made out by
the accused

The applicable test

159 In respect of the partial defence of grave and sudden provocation, the
Prosecution and the Defence were agreed on the requirements which had to be
met in order for this defence to be made out. In Pathip Selvan s/o Sugumaran v
Public Prosecutor [2012] 4 SLR 453 (“Pathip”), the CA held that there were two
distinct requirements for the defence of provocation to apply (at [34]):

First, it must be shown that the accused was deprived of self-control by the
provocation (‘the subjective test’). Secondly, the provocation must be grave
and sudden, and it has to be determined whether an ordinary person of the same
sex and age as the accused, sharing his characteristics as would affect the
gravity of the provocation, would have been so provoked as to lose self-
control (‘the objective test’).

160 In respect of the subjective test, the CA in Pathip followed (at [35]) the
definition of loss of self-control adopted by the Court of Criminal Appeal in
Regina v Duffy [1949] 1 All ER 932: namely, “sudden and temporary loss of
self-control, rendering the accused so subject to passion as to make him … for
the moment not master of his mind”.

161 Importantly, the CA in Pathip also pointed out that where a killing was
premeditated, the question of loss of self-control was “without more, quite
irrelevant” (at [36]).

162 In respect of the objective test, it was held in Pathip (at [51]) that the
conduct of the accused must be assessed by reference to the reasonable person
with a broadly similar background. In this connection, there was “[n]o single
abstract standard of reasonableness [to] be laid down”: this was a “fact-
centric assessment that ha[d] to be made in the context of the established
facts”. In assessing whether the objective test was met, there were two types
of characteristics which the court could take into account: characteristics
affecting a similarly placed reasonable man’s level of self-control and
characteristics affecting the gravity of the provocation (at [51]). However,
an accused’s exceptional hot temper alone should not be taken to exonerate an
exceedingly violent response (at [51]).

Applying the test to the facts of the present case

163 In the present case, the Defence unequivocally identified the Humiliating
Words as the provocation relied on for the accused’s invocation of the partial
defence under Exception 1. 251

##### Foot Note 251

×

DCS, para 34.

For the reasons I have set out at [90]–[107], I found that there were no such
words spoken by Yati to the accused on 30 December 2018. In other words, the
factual premise for the accused’s reliance on the partial defence of grave and
sudden provocation was non-existent.

164 In any event, for the reasons I have set out at [51]–[87], I found that
this was a premeditated killing. After learning about Yati’s new Bangladeshi
boyfriend on 9 December 2018, the accused had already decided to kill her; he
developed an algorithm whereby he would kill her if she refused to continue
their relationship but would spare her if she agreed; and he came up with a
step-by-step plan for the killing. Since this was a premeditated killing, the
question of loss of self-control by the accused was without more, quite
irrelevant.

165 Further, even assuming the Humiliating Words had been spoken by Yati, the
evidence set out at [129]–[143] showed clearly that there was no loss of self-
control by the accused throughout the killing. Looking at the series, the
nature and the sequence of acts the accused performed throughout the killing,
he went about making sure of Yati’s death in a purposeful and systematic
manner: strangling her with the towel; retrieving the rope and tightening it
around her neck with multiple knots to effect a second strangulation; pressing
on her mouth and nose with a towel; and finally twisting her head forcefully.
On the evidence before me, it was simply not possible to describe this case as
a crime of impulse committed in the heat of the moment.

166 I should add that the Prosecution relied on, inter alia, evidence of the
accused’s post-killing conduct in contending that there was no loss of self-
control (for example, his actions in extending the hotel room rental, haggling
over the room rental rate, and taking Yati’s valuables with him). 252

##### Foot Note 252

×

PCS, para 98.

In this connection, as the CA pointed out in Pathip (at [42]), “whether post-
killing conduct can be taken into account depends on the facts of each case”.
I considered that where the actions in question were carried out after some
time had already elapsed from the killing, it might not be fair to rely on
them as direct evidence of the accused’s self-control at the time of the
killing. However, while I did not rely on the accused’s conduct post-killing
to make any inferences about his self-control at the time of the killing,
nothing about his conduct post-killing militated against my finding that he
did not lose self-control; in fact, quite the opposite.

167 Finally, even assuming the Humiliating Words were uttered by Yati, I did
not find that on a balance of probabilities, an ordinary person of the same
age and sex as the accused, sharing his characteristics as would affect the
gravity of the provocation, would have been so provoked as to suddenly lose
his self-control. This was so even if the accused’s AD was included as one of
the characteristics to be considered. Even assuming the Humiliating Words were
spoken, they could not be viewed in isolation; and their effects on the
accused had to be considered against the background of their relationship:
Pathip at [59]. As the Prosecution pointed out, although the accused and Yati
had a long history together, by mid-2018 their relationship had broken down.
It was not disputed that even before her relationship with Hanifa, Yati had
already cheated on the accused by having a relationship with another
Bangladeshi man (Shamim) in May or June 2018. It was also not disputed that
even after Yati broke up with Shamim and reconciled with the accused, he had
gone ahead with his plans for an arranged marriage, going so far as to apply
for home leave in February 2019 to return to Bangladesh for the wedding. While
he had demanded that Yati continue her relationship with him until his return
to Bangladesh, he was prepared for the possibility of rebuff: as he disclosed
in his investigative statement of 3 January 2019, 253

##### Foot Note 253

×

2AB980, paras 18–19.

by the evening of 23 December 2018 she had already made it clear that she
would not remain in a relationship with him even for the one month before his
departure for Bangladesh, and she maintained this position right up to 30
December 2018. The accused himself noted that by this time, Yati was not
picking up his calls; and even when she acceded to his request for a meeting
in person, she told him “it would be the last time [they] met”. In the
accused’s own words, she “was closer with [Hanifa]”; 254

##### Foot Note 254

×

2AB993, para 71.

and this was something he already recognised even before 30 December 2018.

168 In light of the above evidence, even assuming Yati had spoken the
Humiliating Words to the accused on 30 December 2018, I did not find it
probable that the utterance of these words would have transported the
accused’s passions to such an extent that he lost his self-control
momentarily.

169 Given the heavy reliance placed by the Defence on Pathip, I should make it
clear that I considered the present case to be very much distinguishable from
Pathip. First, it must be remembered that in Pathip, it was accepted by the
Prosecution, the Defence and the CA that the killing was not premeditated. In
contrast, in the present case, the evidence pointed clearly to a premeditated
killing.

170 Secondly, unlike the alleged provocation in the present case, the
provocation in Pathip was sudden. The CA in Pathip found that the appellant
had arranged to meet the deceased to reconcile with rather than to harm – let
alone, to kill – her: for example, he had arranged to meet the deceased in a
public place and had asked for her mother’s permission to marry her. Shortly
before proceeding to meet the deceased, he had also told his friends that he
was going to meet her and would return with her later. He had thus expected
the deceased to beg for his forgiveness, with the two of them reconciling
thereafter. This was not the case with the present accused: as noted earlier,
he was well aware by 23 December 2018 that Yati would not remain in a
relationship with him even for the one month pending his return to Bangladesh.

171 It should also be noted that the killing in Pathip was clearly carried out
in an “entirely random and frenzied manner” [emphasis in original omitted]
with numerous external injuries inflicted over multiple regions of the
deceased’s body (Pathip at [41]). In contrast, as highlighted earlier, the
evidence in this case showed the killing of Yati to have been methodically
executed and far from frenzied.

Summary

172 For the reasons I have set out in [163]–[171], I held that the accused was
unable to establish the partial defence of grave and sudden provocation on a
balance of probabilities.

The submission by the Defence for a conviction under an alternative charge
under s 300(c)

173 Given the findings I made in this case, there were simply no grounds for
the belated contention in the Defence’s closing submissions that the accused
ought to be convicted of an alternative charge under s 300(c) of the PC.
Section 300(c) relates to culpable homicide done with the intention of causing
bodily injury to any person, where the bodily injury intended to be inflicted
is sufficient in the ordinary course of nature to cause death. As I explained
at [43]–[50], however, in the present case there could be no doubt at all that
the accused acted with the intention to cause Yati’s death.

Conclusion

174 For the foregoing reasons, I held that the Prosecution had proven the
charge of murder against the accused beyond a reasonable doubt. I also held
that the accused was unable to avail himself of either the partial defence of
diminished responsibility or the partial defence of grave and sudden
provocation. I therefore convicted the accused of the charge of murder under s
300(a) of the PC.

175 Under s 302(1) of the PC, whoever commits murder within the meaning of s
300(a) shall be punished with death. Having convicted the accused of the
charge under s 300(a), I accordingly imposed the mandatory death sentence.

Mavis Chionh Sze Chyi  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Hay Hung Chun, Senthilkumaran Sabapathy, Soh Weiqi and Deborah Lee (Attorney-
General’s Chambers) for the Prosecution;

Eugene Singarajah Thuraisingam, Chooi Jing Yen and Hamza Zafar Malik (Eugene
Thuraisingam LLP) for the accused.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 23 Mar 2021 (16:54 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

