Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC 190

Suit No 63 of 2017

Between

| YCT Import & Export Pte Ltd  
---|---  
|  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| FG Food Industries Pte Ltd  
---|---  
(2)(3)| Forearth (Singapore) Pte LtdPowerjet Pte Ltd  
  
… Defendants

judgment

[Tort] — [Negligence] — [Damages]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
YCT Import & Export Pte Ltd

  
v

  

FG Food Industries Pte Ltd and others

[2021] SGHC 190

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 63 of 2017  
Philip Jeyaretnam JC  
27–30 April, 4–7, 11–12 May, 14 July 2021

11 August 2021 Judgment reserved.

Philip Jeyaretnam JC:

Introduction

1 When assessing damages for damaged goods that had to be thrown away, should
their value be determined by reference to how much they originally cost, what
they would cost to replace or how much they could have been sold for?

2 This case also raises the difference between making a claim against one’s
insurer, in respect of which there may be evidentiary and procedural
requirements imposed by the insurance contract, and the same claim being
brought against a negligent tortfeasor. How does the court look at concerns
raised by the insurer of that negligent tortfeasor about the way the original
insurer handled the claim?

Facts

The parties

3 The plaintiff, YCT Import & Export Pte Ltd (“YCT”), is a company
incorporated in Singapore that distributes herbs for use in traditional
Chinese medicine and health (“Chinese herbs”). 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Kwa Chih Min Kelvin’s affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“Kwa’s AEIC”) at para 4.

The first defendant, FG Food Industries Pte Ltd (“FG”), is also incorporated
in Singapore. Its business is the manufacture of cooked food preparations. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Lee Soon Heng Joseph’s first affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“Lee’s AEIC”) at
para 2.

At the material time, FG occupied premises just above those of YCT. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Kwa’s AEIC at para 8.

FG used its premises to prepare food, while YCT used its premises to store
Chinese herbs. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Lee’s AEIC at para 8; Kwa’s AEIC at para 10.

Crucially, the pipe carrying waste water from FG’s kitchen ran along the
ceiling void above YCT’s premises. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Kwa’s AEIC at para 16 and p 82.

4 YCT’s sole director and shareholder is Kwa Chih Min Kelvin (“Mr Kwa”). 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Kwa’s AEIC at para 6.

Its manager is Mr Kwa’s wife, Leow Lay Leng (“Mdm Leow”). 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Leow Lay Leng’s AEIC (“Leow’s AEIC”) at paras 1 and 7; Kwa’s AEIC at para 11.

Background to the dispute

5 On 9 July 2015, FG engaged a contractor to clear a choke in the waste water
pipe. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Muhammad Hanas Bin Hassan’s AEIC at paras 16–17.

Unfortunately, in the course of that night, some part of the waste water pipe
broke and waste water was discharged into YCT’s premises. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Toh Kok Hwee’s affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“Toh’s AEIC”) at p 13.

This was discovered at about 7.00am on 10 July 2015, when Mdm Leow arrived at
the start of the work day. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Leow’s AEIC at para 12.

The electricity supply had been cut off. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Leow’s AEIC at paras 12–13.

This caused a second problem, as the premises included a “cold room” where
some of the herbs were stored in refrigeration. The interruption to the power
supply shut off the air conditioning for the cold room. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Leow’s AEIC at para 17.

6 YCT informed their insurers, now known as Great Eastern General Insurance
Limited (“Great Eastern”). 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Kwa’s AEIC at para 38; Foo Fook Khang’s affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“Foo’s
AEIC”) at paras 3–4.

Great Eastern referred the matter to their loss adjusters, Crawford & Company
International Pte Ltd (“Crawford”). 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Foo’s AEIC at para 5; Toh’s AEIC at para 3.

An appraiser employed by Crawford, Toh Kok Hwee (“Mr Toh”), made the first of
several visits to YCT’s premises that day. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Toh’s AEIC at para 4.

7 Mr Toh ultimately recommended payment of YCT’s claim at $631,697.31 and,
after deduction of a policy excess of $200, Great Eastern paid out
$631,497.31. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Toh’s AEIC at p 26; Foo’s AEIC at para 6.

Procedural history

8 These proceedings are brought by YCT for $950,823.82, as the value of the
damaged goods, $679.84 for disposal costs, $14,000 for certain damaged
condenser units and $4,760.50 for staff overtime work. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) dated 30 June 2017 (“SOC”) at prayers 1
and 2; Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions dated 30 June 2021 (“PCS”) at para 130.

This includes Great Eastern’s subrogated claim for $631,497.31. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Foo’s AEIC at para 7.

Interest and costs are also claimed. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

SOC at prayers 3 and 4.

9 Proceedings were initially commenced against additional parties, namely the
contractor engaged to undertake the clearing works and its subcontractor. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

SOC at paras 5–6.

However, as part of a settlement, proceedings were discontinued against them
and interlocutory judgment against the first defendant was entered on 22 May
2019 for damages to be assessed with interest and costs reserved. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Plaintiff’s Opening Statement dated 25 April 2021 (“POS”) at para 3; HC/JUD
398/2019.

The parties’ cases

10 YCT mostly claims the value of the damaged goods by reference to their
selling price. There are also a few items which it claims by reference to cost
price. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

PCS at para 64.

It relies principally on the evidence of Mr Kwa, Mdm Leow and Mr Toh, together
with some photographic and video evidence, to establish the extent of the
damage and the process of separating and disposing of the damaged goods. YCT
also called as a witness Foo Fook Khang, the Head of Claims (General
Insurance) of Great Eastern.

11 FG has confirmed that it accepts the amounts claimed for staff overtime,
cost of disposing of the damaged goods and the value of the damaged condenser
units, totalling $19,440.34. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

First defendant’s closing submissions dated 1 July 2021 (“DCS”) at para 147.

However, FG contests the claim for damages in respect of the damaged goods on
various grounds. Its first argument is one of principle, that the loss should
be measured by reference to original or replacement cost, and not to their
selling price. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

DCS at paras 101–127.

Secondly, FG argues that YCT has not proven that all of the goods it is
claiming for were damaged. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

DCS at paras 19–60 and 74–100.

Thirdly, FG argues that certain adjustments should be made to the figure
awarded, taking into account factors such as the exchange rate applicable to
goods bought from foreign sources, falls in replacement price, and the ageing
and deterioration of the goods prior to the incident. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

DCS at paras 61 – 68 and 129–141; first defendant’s reply submissions dated 14
July 2021 (“DRS”) at paras 32–35.

If FG’s arguments are entirely accepted, this brings the claim for the damaged
goods down to $300,282.33. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

DCS at para 143.

12 FG called two factual witnesses, who both visited YCT’s premises on 10 July
2015: one of its directors, Lee Soon Heng Joseph (“Mr Lee”), as well as Dhass
Permal (“Mr Dhass”), from the loss adjuster engaged by FG’s insurers. FG also
called three persons to give evidence as experts: a forensic accountant, Mr
Iain Potter (“Mr Potter”), a forensic investigator, Mr Sivasothy Nanthagopal
(“Mr Siva”) and Mr Tan Lai Thiam, a loss adjuster.

Issues to be determined

13 At my direction, the parties agreed a list of issues for the assessment of
damages. However, having reviewed the parties’ submissions, the issues that
fall to be determined are better formulated as follows:

(a) As a matter of legal principle, should the value of the damaged goods be
determined by reference to their cost price, replacement price or selling
price?

(b) On the evidence, to what extent were the goods damaged?

(c) Should any general adjustments be made to the sum awarded? This includes
adjustments for:

(i) the exchange rates applicable to the goods bought from foreign sources;

(ii) any fall, between the time the goods were first acquired and when they
were damaged, in the price of replacing them; and

(iii) any ageing or deterioration of the goods prior to the damage.

Issue 1: Whether the value of the damaged goods is to be determined by
reference to cost price, replacement price or selling price

14 YCT has organised its claim into 76 types of damaged goods. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

POS at Annex 1.

Of these, it argues that 70 should be assessed by reference to the prices at
which they could have been sold to supermarkets and medical halls. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

POS at para 54.

For the remaining six, which YCT did not sell directly to customers, YCT asks
that their value be assessed by reference to the price at which they were
bought. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

POS at para 55.

In respect of the first group of 70, their claimed cost price is $555,848.46
and their claimed sale price is $866,634.04. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

POS at Annex 1.

In respect of the second group of six, their claimed cost price is $84,189.78.
32

##### Foot Note 32

×

POS at Annex 1.

15 To be clear, while the goods have been described as damaged, the claim is
brought in respect of goods that were thrown away because of that damage.
Hence, in relation to such of the goods that YCT proves had indeed to be
thrown away, the relevant principle is the measure of damages for destroyed
goods. For destroyed goods, the normal measure of damages is their market
value at the time and place of destruction: McGregor on Damages (James
Edelman, Jason Varuhas & Simon Colton gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 21st Ed, 2020)
at para 37-063.

16 Both counsel have referred to the Court of Appeal decision in Marco Polo
Shipping Co Pte Ltd v Fairmacs Shipping & Transport Services Pte Ltd [2015] 5
SLR 541 (“Marco Polo”). That case concerned the measure of damages arising
from the conversion of river sand. The principles relating to damages for
converted goods are broadly similar to those relating to damages for
negligently destroyed goods. There, the Court of Appeal discussed (at [42])
the importance of deciding the relevant market by reference to which the value
of the goods is to be determined. In the supply of goods, there will typically
be different markets at different links of the supply chain, for example a
wholesale market where goods are traded in higher volumes for lower prices and
a retail market where goods are sold in lower volumes but at higher prices. As
the Court of Appeal noted, the burden of proof is on the claimant to establish
the relevant market.

17 It must be remembered, however, that the normal measure of damages is
itself only an expression of the principle that damages compensate the
plaintiff’s loss and no more.

18 FG’s argument is that YCT has failed to prove that it lost any sales as a
result of the damage. It was able to fulfil its sales orders because it held
more than enough inventory to meet demand. Accordingly, its real loss was
having to replace the damaged goods, and hence the claimed cost price was the
appropriate measure to adopt. FG supported this argument with the evidence of
their expert forensic accountant, Mr Potter. He opined: 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Iain Cameron Potter’s affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“Potter’s AEIC”) at pp
24–25.

3.28 The financial loss incurred by a business which suffers a loss of, or
damage to, stocks of product for resale will often be limited to the cost
price of the lost or damaged stock. This is because the business can normally
go into the market and replace the lost or damaged stock at cost price and
continue operations unaffected (i.e. without suffering any loss of revenue).

3.29 There are situations where the financial loss incurred can exceed the
cost price of the lost or damaged stock and this will typically be where the
loss or damage to stock also causes the business to suffer a loss of revenue.
Such a loss of revenue will arise where the business is unable to replace the
stock in time to meet demand from customers.

19 Mr Potter also analysed the inventory levels in relation to five of the
products which account for 46% of the overall claim, and concluded that the
claimed stock levels were equivalent to multiple years’ worth of sales. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Potter’s AEIC at p 23.

These five products were as follows:

(a) Cordyceps, by far the most expensive product by weight, which is a
parasitic fungus living only at high altitude in the Himalayas that consumes
and mummifies its larval insect host, from which is derived its common name of
caterpillar fungus;

(b) Codonopsis, which is the dried root of a flowering plant from northern
China;

(c) Angelica tips, which are portions of another type of dried root;

(d) Whelk, a type of sea snail;

(e) Chicken tonic soup, which is a combination of powdered chicken soup and
herbs, and which is sold at relatively high volume.

20 There are two distinct points being made by FG. One is that where a
business holds stock which is destroyed, the business should only be
compensated by reference to sales if it lost sales. Otherwise, it should be
compensated by reference to the cost of replacing its stock because that is
its true loss. The second point is that for a market to be relevant, the
injured party must prove that it would have been able to sell the goods at the
price claimed in the relevant market.

21 YCT in its reply submissions did not address the question of proving lost
sales, but simply said it was not claiming loss of profits. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Plaintiff’s reply submissions dated 14 July 2021 (“PRS”) para 27.

In other words, it is claiming the value of the damaged goods, and for 70
types of them it is claiming their value based on their sale price.

22 YCT relies on sales invoices. To take the highest value item by way of
illustration, YCT claims the sale price for 7.5 kg of cordyceps, at $31,800
per kg, totalling $238,500. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

POS at Annex A, at s/n 69.

In relation to the period of 6 months before and 6 months after the incident,
YCT adduced only one invoice. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Kwa’s AEIC at pp 3258–3259 (Invoice 68297).

This was dated 6 October 2015, and was for the sale of 1.275 kg of cordyceps
at the claimed sale price of $31,800 per kg.

23 The starting point is to ask what would put the injured party back in the
position it was in just before the damage or destruction occurred. In relation
to YCT, the evidence shows that at that time it was not in a position to
convert its stock immediately into sales, and that on the other hand it was
able to replace any destroyed stock without loss of sales. It held ample stock
and made sales, including of items that were the same as some damaged items,
within a few days of the incident. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Invoices exhibited at pp 2960–2965 of Kwa’s AEIC.

Thus, when one is considering a stockist such as YCT, the relevant market is
the one in which YCT buys its stock, not the one in which it sells it.

24 While this is ultimately a question of fact, it is fair to say that the
answer I have given ordinarily holds true for a business like that of YCT’s.
In the Supreme Court of Victoria decision in Furness v Adrium Industries Pty
Ltd [1996] 1 VR 668, which was cited with approval in Marco Polo at [45]–[46],
the court was concerned with novelty items wrongly taken by the landlord with
a view to selling them to recover arrears of rental, so that the landlord was
liable for conversion. The court held that the market value ought to be the
value at which the plaintiff can buy the replacement goods from the market.
Ormiston J said (at 680 and 682) that “[n]otwithstanding the paucity of
reported cases I am convinced that a wholesaler's loss is ordinarily to be
assessed by reference to the cost of replacement at the date of conversion”,
and “it was not correct for the trial judge to select as the appropriate basis
for calculating damages the prices at which the respondent might have sold the
goods”.

25 Many casual shoppers are familiar with the retailer’s sign “once broken,
considered sold”. Whether this is the correct measure in the event of an
accident depends on whether the item is one that is in ample stock, or whether
breaking it has deprived the retailer of a sale. If the former, then the
careless visitor is only liable for the cost of replacing it.

26 Another illustration may be drawn from the English decision of Sonicare
International Ltd v East Anglia Freight Terminal Ltd and Others and Neptune
Orient Lines Ltd (Third Party) [1997] 2 Lloyd's Rep 48 (“Sonicare”). In
Sonicare, the lost goods were 294 car radios of an incoming consignment of
1,000. The court said (at 55–56):

… In my view, the correct measure of damages is the market value for
replacement goods, i.e. prima facie the sound arrived value of the radios …
Any contrary conclusion might well involve a claimant recovering an
uncovenanted windfall, as can be illustrated from the facts of the present
case. Supposing, for instance, that the 706 radios delivered provided Sonicare
with ample stock for their immediate requirements; and supposing that Sonicare
could speedily have procured replacement radios … to award damages based upon
the [selling] price would be to compensate Sonicare for lost sales which were
not in fact lost. I appreciate, of course, that an alternative scenario can be
advanced: what if demand were so high that all radios delivered could be
resold at once, and the absence of stock meant that sales were lost which
could never be retrieved? In my view, the answer is that such would represent
consequential losses which would have to be proved, based on the absence of an
immediately available market. …

[emphasis in original]

27 To sum up, the measure of damages for destroyed stock is usually its
replacement cost. This is the measure of damages applicable in this case. In
cases where the source market for the goods is reasonably stable, the original
cost of the goods may be sufficient evidence of their replacement cost.

Issue 2: The extent of the damage to the goods

28 In relation to this issue, I shall first consider the parties’ submissions
on the general state of the evidence, before turning to FG’s specific
contentions that certain categories of goods were not proven to be damaged to
such an extent that their disposal was warranted.

The state of the evidence

29 FG makes robust arguments alleging failures in the investigation of the
damage, as well as in the preservation of evidence. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

DCS at paras 33–60.

These criticisms are largely directed at the quality of the work done by the
loss adjusters. For example, the loss adjuster, Mr Toh, does not seem to have
ensured that the goods to be disposed were first photographed, with the
photographs matched to the list of goods for disposal. In fact, he took hardly
any photographs at all. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Toh’s AEIC at pp 12–16 and 25.

Mr Toh also could not recall if he took any contemporaneous notes, and none
were produced at trial. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Transcript, 4 May 2021, p 79 lines 10–22.

30 Consequently, FG argues, 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

DCS at para 34.

YCT had to rely on the memory of Mr Kwa and Mdm Leow, reconstructed from only
68 photographs taken by Mdm Leow 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Kwa’s AEIC at pp 132–204.

that were generally of poor quality and did not show all of the cold room or
all of the goods. There was no systematic photograph-taking at all.

31 YCT’s main point in response is that it is for the court to decide, based
on the evidence adduced, what the extent of loss was, and that there is no
requirement to follow any particular method of assessing or recording the loss
prior to disposal. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

PRS at para 31.

32 I accept YCT’s submission as a general proposition. In the absence of
contractual provisions, such as may be found in an insurance contract,
governing how claims are to be presented and what evidence is required, the
court’s task is simply to decide based on the evidence whether the burden of
proof has been met. Contractual provisions governing how an insurance claim is
to be presented by the insured against his own insurer in respect of
negligently caused loss would not apply to the presentation of claims against
a negligent tortfeasor responsible for that loss. To this extent, the
criticism of how the loss adjuster and the insurer handled the claim is beside
the point. It is also true that it would be sufficient in principle for the
court to believe the evidence of a single witness, even if not supported by
photographs, notes or other records. Nonetheless, whether a plaintiff has
failed to take simple steps to record evidence of loss is material to the
court’s assessment. When taking photographs is both expected and simple, as
has been the case since smartphones with inbuilt cameras became common, it
does raise an evidentiary doubt when proper photographs were not taken or not
taken systematically. Similarly, while the fact that Mr Toh did not keep notes
or take or instruct the taking of proper photographs does not itself bar YCT
from succeeding in its claim, it leaves the evidence in a state that is not
fully satisfactory.

33 Ultimately, however, it does come down to what evidence was adduced, and
this I will consider in relation to the deductions that FG seeks to make in
relation to specific categories of goods. The main goods which FG submits on
are cordyceps and codonopsis, but there are some other goods to consider as
well.

Cordyceps

34 FG has put in issue whether the cordyceps was properly claimable at all.
They make two alternative arguments based on the evidence. The first is that
the cordyceps was actually in vacuum-sealed bags and so was not damaged. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

DCS at paras 78–80.

The other is that if they were stored in packets that were open, their
saleability had already been compromised when Mr Kwa took them repeatedly out
of the cold room. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

DCS at paras 81–82.

35 In relation to the first point, this rests on what the single photograph of
the cordyceps in their packets appears to show. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Kwa’s AEIC at p 148.

Mr Siva, whom FG called to testify as an expert on materials, attested to how
the photograph shows vacuum-packing, explaining that the packages appeared
like bricks. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Transcript, 12 May 2021, p 36 lines 7–9.

Additionally, the edges of the packages had a serrated appearance. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Transcript, 12 May 2021, p 36 lines 2–7.

36 Against this is Mr Kwa’s evidence that the cordyceps was not vacuum-packed
when purchased, and that the packets were left open for the cordyceps to
breathe. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Kwa’s AEIC at para 47(c)(i); Transcript, 27 April 2021, p 62 lines 1–6; p 63
lines 9–25; p 71 line 16 to p 72 line 13.

37 It would have been easy to take proper photographs of the cordyceps packets
individually to record how waste water had entered them. Given their high
value, it would really be expected of any prudent business in YCT’s position
intending to claim for them to take such photographs. Noting that the burden
of proof is on YCT, I conclude that YCT has not proved that the packets were
not sealed.

38 However, there is a further consideration of whether the cordyceps should
have been salvaged despite its packaging coming into contact with waste water.
After all, the cordyceps was for human consumption. I accept YCT’s submission
that even if it were only the packaging that had been contaminated, it was
reasonable to dispose of items like cordyceps that are intended for human
consumption. This submission was supported by the evidence of Mr Lee, who
accepted that if FG’s products came into contact with waste water, he would
throw them away, notwithstanding that their packaging was watertight and
airtight, because of the risk of contamination. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Transcript, 7 May 2021, p 22 line 25 to p 23 line 29.

39 Turning to the second point, while I accept that one would expect
condensation to occur when any dried plant material is brought in and out of
refrigerated conditions, I do not accept that this had compromised the
condition of the cordyceps such that it was unsaleable. FG did not adduce
expert evidence on storage or ageing of cordyceps. Its expert was a general
expert on materials, and while he did his best to assist the court, he readily
conceded that his opinion was not based on any expert knowledge of cordyceps.
52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Transcript, 12 May 2021, p 45 lines 1–16.

Codonopsis

40 The codonopsis was stored in cardboard boxes without any plastic wrapping,
but with a special desiccant paper. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Transcript, 6 May 2021, p 7 line 22 to p 9 line 7.

I do not accept FG’s submission that this was improper storage. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

DCS at para 70.

FG did not adduce any evidence that codonopsis or other dried roots are
usually, let alone must be, stored in some other manner that would have
protected them from the waste water leak. FG’s suggestion that the codonopsis
should have been stored in sealed plastic bags is unsupported by the evidence.

41 It was also argued that not all of the boxes appeared wet in the
photographs. However, as was conceded by Mr Dhass, who visited the premises
between 3.00pm and 4.00pm on 10 July 2021, while some of the boxes appeared
only slightly wet, they would previously have been wetter because they had
signs of water staining. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Transcript, 7 May 2021, p 38 line 29 to p 39 line 7.

42 I accept that YCT has discharged its burden of proof on a balance of
probabilities in respect of the water damage to the codonopsis.

Other items

43 FG has also contested the damage to five items among the soup packets,
namely pearl barley, ginseng roots, sliced Chinese yam, tribute royal
wolfberry and koi wolfberry, that Mr Kwa confirmed were in machine sealed
bags. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Transcript, 6 May 2021, p 101 lines 21– 31; p 108 lines 19–23.

FG argues that as they were machine sealed, they could have been salvaged and
need not have been disposed of. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

DCS at paras 85–86.

It makes a similar argument with respect to a number of other assorted items,
which were wrapped in plastic. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

DCS at paras 98–100.

44 YCT’s response is that the packaging did not guarantee safety from
contamination and must itself be clean in order for the item to be fit for
sale. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

PRS at para 9.

YCT relies on the Sale of Food Act (Cap 283, 2002 Rev Ed) s 2D(1)(e). As with
the cordyceps, YCT also relies on the evidence elicited from FG’s Mr Lee, who
said he would dispose of goods even if packaged in an airtight and watertight
manner once they come into contact with waste water. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Transcript, 7 May 2021, p 22 line 25 to p 23 line 29.

I accept that it was reasonable for YCT to dispose of these goods.

45 As a final note, FG has made certain concessions concerning damage to some
goods. It accepts that the angelica tips were damaged. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

DCS at para 97.

It also accepts that it was warranted for YCT to dispose of the soup packets
that were not machine sealed. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

DCS at para 87.

Summary

46 In summary, notwithstanding the flawed state of the evidence adduced by
YCT, I am satisfied that the waste water leak caused damage, staining or
contamination to the goods it has claimed for, or their packaging, such that
disposal of these goods was warranted. It follows that FG is liable for the
replacement cost of these goods.

Issue 3: Adjustments to the sum to be awarded

47 I turn now to a consideration of FG’s arguments for general downward
adjustments to the sum to be awarded to YCT. They are, briefly, that YCT’s
claimed sum is premised on an incorrect approach to exchange rates; that there
has been a fall in replacement price of the five products that comprised 46%
of the amount claimed which may be extrapolated to the rest of the damaged
goods as well; and that some adjustment should be made for ageing and
deterioration of the goods in storage prior to the incident.

Exchange rate

48 Although YCT purchases many of its goods from a number of overseas
suppliers, using the appropriate foreign currencies, it has denominated its
claim in Singapore dollars. The exchange rates which it has applied are
premised on those it received from its bank at the time it last purchased each
of the damaged goods. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

PCS at paras 125–127; Transcript, 29 April 2021, p 31 lines 1–7.

49 FG does not contest the denomination of YCT’s claim in Singapore dollars.
It does, however, argue that YCT applied the wrong exchange rates. First, it
submits, the exchange rate should be the rate on the date of the loss, in line
with the principle that tort damages are typically assessed on the date of the
loss, and the fact that that is the date on which YCT would have gone into the
market in search of replacement stock. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

DRS at para 34.

Second, the appropriate rate should be the “buy” rates for the foreign
currencies, as YCT, being a company primarily trading in Singapore for
Singapore dollars, would have needed to buy the appropriate foreign currencies
in order to settle foreign currency invoices. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

DRS at para 35.

50 I accept FG’s arguments, which are in line with my determination above that
the appropriate measure of damages in this case is the cost of replacing the
stock. Bearing this in mind, I turn to YCT’s submissions regarding the fall in
the cost of replacing the damaged goods.

The fall in replacement value of certain key goods, and whether this may be
extrapolated to the rest of the goods

51 As part of Mr Potter’s analysis of the five products that comprised 46% of
the amount claimed, he compared the invoices in respect of purchases made
after the incident with those made before, and concluded that the purchase
cost for those five products would be $35,330 cheaper if the post-incident
invoices were used. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Potter’s AEIC at pp 19–20 (paras 3.15–3.16).

He noted that if the trend were extrapolated to the remaining products, then
YCT’s total claim would be overstated by $77,119. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Potter’s AEIC at p 20 (para 3.17).

Upon evaluating fresh evidence in the course of trial, he offered a new
calculation which was admitted into evidence at trial. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Exhibit “D3”.

52 Insofar as this analysis showed the replacement cost as opposed to simply
the original cost, it is to be preferred. As I have explained at [23] above,
what puts the stockist back in its position before the destruction occurred is
the cost of replacing the destroyed goods. In an absence of evidence of market
changes between purchase and destruction, the replacement cost of a good may
be determined by how much it originally cost. However, there is no such
absence here: post-incident invoices for YCT’s purchases of replacement goods
indicate that their prices had fallen. If these goods could be replaced more
cheaply than the price at which they had originally been bought, then it would
be overcompensating to assess damages based on the higher original price.

53 Mr Potter also considered whether the destroyed cordyceps was all of a
particular grade, namely 3,500 grade, or of mixed grades, and whether the
ginseng had been correctly priced or mispriced, with these variables affecting
his calculations. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Exhibit “D3”.

54 I accept Mr Potter’s calculation of the adjusted replacement cost, but I do
so based on the assumption that the destroyed cordyceps was indeed all of
3,500 grade and that the ginseng was correctly priced. FG did not refute YCT’s
evidence that the destroyed cordyceps was indeed all of 3,500 grade. I am also
not convinced by FG’s analysis of YCT’s ginseng invoices and its consequent
assertion that the claim for ginseng was mispriced. Accordingly, I conclude
that the appropriate figure for the replacement cost, taking into account the
factors described above, was Mr Potter’s estimate of $634,625, 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Exhibit “D3”.

instead of the cost price submitted by the plaintiff of $640,038.24. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

POS at Annex A.

Mr Potter’s estimate adopts the calculation of exchange rates which I have
noted at [49]–[50] above to be correct.

55 The further question is whether the court should extrapolate from this
analysis to the rest of the products. Sampling as an exercise undertaken in
place of complete analysis may be relied on by the court in appropriate
circumstances. A complete analysis may be impractical or disproportionately
expensive. Nonetheless, the probative basis for extrapolation needs to be
clear before sampling is accepted. Sampling is a more reliable tool where it
proceeds on the basis of protocols agreed by the parties before the results of
the sampling are known. If that is done, then the parties have agreed in
advance about the value of the sampling exercise to be undertaken.

56 The considerations I have outlined have been discussed by Chief Justice
Sundaresh Menon, extra-judicially, in his recent address to the 7th Annual
Conference of the International Academy of Construction Lawyers entitled “The
Role of Commercial Courts in the Management of Complex Disputes”. He explored
the issue with these illuminating remarks:

17 A second, more radical means of downsizing the dispute might entail the use
of representative sampling. In a dispute involving thousands of defects, it
may be practically impossible to require proof of each and every defect in the
assessment of damages. To deal with such cases, some courts have endorsed an
approach under which the result obtained in relation to a smaller, more
manageable representative sample may be extrapolated to the wider set. …

18 Building on this, we might even consider the development of voluntary
protocols under which parties might agree certain ground rules, such as
carving out a set of “excluded” low-value claims for which recovery is pegged
to the percentage eventually recovered in respect of the main “non-excluded”
claims.

19 Some of these suggestions detract somewhat from the common wisdom that
justice requires the fullest possible determination of all the facts. But
whilst accuracy is undoubtedly important, it is surely an essential element of
justice – in particular, access to justice – that the time and resources
expended in that quest are contained within sensible and proportional limits.

[emphasis in original]

57 I agree that sampling may be appropriate in some cases. In this matter,
however, I am not satisfied that extrapolating the analysis based on five
products to the remaining products is logical or warranted. There is no
evidence before me that price movements for all the products would be similar
or related. Indeed, common sense suggests otherwise, as the supply of products
grown in different parts of the world may change in wholly unrelated ways, and
demand for one product may change quite differently from how demand for
another product does.

58 In summary, pending my consideration of any adjustments which should be
made for the ageing and deterioration of YCT’s goods in storage prior to the
incident, the sum which YCT is to be awarded for the damaged goods is
$634,625.

Ageing and deterioration

59 The trial was enlivened by the persistent efforts of FG’s counsel to obtain
discovery of the loss adjuster’s file. This was ultimately not objected to by
YCT, nor by Crawford, and as a result an earlier report made by Mr Toh to the
insurer came to light. In it he had proposed that there be a 10% deduction for
“normal deterioration”. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

First defendant’s supplementary bundle of documents at p 110.

This deduction was dropped from the final version of his report.

60 That the insurer might have been within its rights to have accepted the
claim only with a deduction for the normal deterioration of the goods does not
in itself mean that the same deduction should now be applied to YCT’s claim.
What it does show however is that Mr Toh, who observed both the damaged goods
and other goods at YCT’s premises, including the conditions under which they
were stored, contemporaneously considered that there was likely to be some
deterioration, such that not all the stock remained fit for sale.

61 Mr Potter’s analysis of YCT’s inventory across the different products also
supported the inference that YCT’s inventory was overstocked and so at risk of
ageing or deterioration. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Eg Potter’s AEIC at p 22 (para 3.22).

His analysis was limited by the peculiar fact that YCT appeared not to
maintain proper stock lists. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Kwa’s AEIC at para 41; Leow’s AEIC at para 28.

Once a year, it would do a stock take in connection with the preparation of
its audited accounts, but this list was not kept updated through the year. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Transcript, 29 April 2021, p 76 lines 10–22.

The audited statements immediately prior to the incident, for the year ending
31 March 2014, did recognise impairment of stocks held by YCT, 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

DCS at para 68.

and this also supported the inference that there was likely to be some
deterioration over time.

62 There is a related point, namely that YCT did not have any proper “first-
in-first-out” system and so did not know how long it held stock before sale.
For some items, it would at the time of onward sale affix a date before which
that particular item should be consumed, but it is hard to ascribe utility to
such labelling when the item could have been held in stock by YCT for greatly
different periods of time, ranging from months to years, and yet still be
labelled with the same “consume-by” date. While this practice seems open to
question, it does not lead to the inference that all or most of the goods
could not be sold. For this inference to be made out, there would need to be
evidence that YCT’s practice resulted in the goods being unfit for human
consumption, or at least not meeting an industry standard or legal requirement
for sale. FG did not adduce such evidence. However, that there was no proper
“first-in-first-out” system supports Mr Potter’s small adjustment for ageing.
Not implementing a “first-in-first-out” system does mean an increase in the
risk that some of the stock will have deteriorated before it can be sold,
where, as here, the stock levels were quite high.

63 I accept Mr Potter’s estimate for the appropriate adjustment for this
issue, which is a reduction in value of $1,337. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Potter’s AEIC at p 24 (paras 3.26–2.37).

I therefore subtract this from the sum to be awarded to YCT, leaving a final
figure of $633,288.

Conclusion

64 I have held that the correct measure of damages is the value of the damaged
stock at the time and place of destruction, which is to be determined by the
cost of replacing it. Accordingly, I award YCT damages as follows:

(a) $633,288 being the value of the damaged goods;

(b) $679.84 for disposal costs;

(c) $14,000 for the damaged condenser units; and

(d) $4,760.50 for staff overtime costs.

65 The usual rate and period of interest on judgment debts is 5.33% per annum,
from the date of the writ to the date of the judgment (see Rules of Court (Cap
322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed) O 42 r 12 read with Supreme Court Practice Directions
para 77(2)). FG submitted that the rate and period of interest which should
instead apply is 2.67% per annum, from the date of the loss to the date of the
judgment. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

DCS at para 148(a).

However, I agree with YCT 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

PRS at para 47.

that there is no basis for departing from the norm, and I accordingly award
the usual rate and period of interest of 5.33% per annum, from the date of the
writ to the date of the judgment.

66 I will hear parties on costs.

Philip Jeyaretnam  
Judicial Commissioner|  
---|---  
  
Jawharilal Balachandran and Li Shunhui Daniel (Ramdas & Wong) for the
plaintiff;

Teo Weng Kie and Donald Alastair Spencer (Tan Kok Quan Partnership) for the
first defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 11 Aug 2021 (10:24 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

