Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  
THE

high court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC 42

Suit No 211 of 2019 (Summonses Nos 2058, 3430 and 3968 of 2020)

Between

Sang Cheol Woo  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Charles Choi Spackman  
---|---  
(2)| Kim Jae Seung  
(3)| Kim So Hee  
(4)| Richard Lee  
(5)| Funvest Global Pte Ltd  
(6)| Spackman Media Group Limited  
(7)| Plutoray Pte Ltd  
(8)| Vaara Pte Ltd  
(9)| Starlight Corp Pte Ltd  
  
… Defendants

judgment

[Civil Procedure] — [Injunctions]

[Civil Procedure] — [Mareva injunctions]

[Injunctions] — [Interlocutory injunction]

[Injunctions] — [Mareva injunction]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Sang Cheol Woo

  
v

  

Charles Choi Spackman and others

[2021] SGHC 42

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 211 of 2019 (Summonses Nos 2058,
3430 and 3968 of 2020)  
Tan Puay Boon JC  
16, 17, 18 September, 28 October, 4, 5 November 2020

18 February 2021 Judgment reserved.

Tan Puay Boon JC:

Introduction

1 This case concerns a number of interlocutory applications revolving around
the efforts of the plaintiff, Mr Sang Cheol Woo (“the Plaintiff”), to enforce
judgments obtained in the Republic of Korea (“Korea”) and New York (the
“Korean Judgments” and “New York Judgment” respectively, and “the Judgments”
collectively) in Singapore against the first defendant, Mr Charles Choi
Spackman (“Mr Spackman”). These applications before me are HC/SUM 2058/2020
(“SUM 2058/2020”), HC/SUM 3430/2020 (“SUM 3430/2020”) and HC/SUM 3968/2020
(“SUM 3968/2020”) in HC/S 211/2019 (“Suit 211”).

Background

The parties

2 The Plaintiff is a South Korean businessman and investor. He was a minority
shareholder in a publicly listed Korean company, Littaeur Technologies Co Ltd
(“Littaeur Tech”) from May 2000 until June 2001. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 3) (“SOC”) at para 1.

3 Mr Spackman is a citizen of the United States of America, and was the
majority owner of Littaeur Tech. The remaining parties to the proceedings are
(or at least are alleged to be) related to Mr Spackman in some manner or
other:

(a) The second defendant, Mr Kim Jae Seung (“Mr Kim”), is Mr Spackman’s
brother-in-law and business associate. He is the named owner, shareholder and
director of GD Enterprise Holdings Ltd (“GD Enterprise”), DVG Limited (“DVG”)
and Azur Investissement Ltd (“Azur”), and director of Trinity Capital Advisors
Limited (“Trinity”). 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

SOC at para 2.1.

These companies (collectively referred to as the “BVI Companies” as they were
all incorporated in the British Virgin Islands), are not parties to the
proceedings but had been subject to certain injunctions in the earlier stage
of these proceedings.

(b) The third defendant, Mdm Kim So Hee (“Mdm Kim”), is Mr Spackman’s wife and
Mr Kim’s sister. She is the named owner of Trinity.

(c) The fourth defendant, Mr Richard Lee (“Mr Lee”), is Mr Spackman’s business
associate. He has held various executive positions in entities related to Mr
Spackman, including being the Executive Director of the Hong Kong-incorporated
Spackman Media Group Limited (“SMG(HK)”) and Director and Managing Director of
Spackman Media Group Pte Ltd (a Singapore incorporated company) (“SMG(SG)”). 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

SOC at para 3(c), (d).

(d) The fifth defendant, Funvest Global Pte Ltd (“Funvest”), is a company
incorporated in Singapore, wholly owned by Republic Park Productions Pte Ltd
(“Republic Park”), a company incorporated in the Cayman Islands. As of April
2020, Funvest allegedly held 8,551,936 shares in SMG(HK), which it had agreed
to sell to ESA Co Ltd (“ESA”), a publicly listed Korean company. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

SOC at para 4.

(e) The sixth defendant, SMG(HK), is a Hong Kong-incorporated company. The
Plaintiff alleges that SMG(HK) was founded by Mr Spackman. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

SOC at para 3(c).

The shares in SMG(HK) are the central focus of the dispute in these
applications.

(f) The seventh defendant, Plutoray Pte Ltd (“Plutoray”), the eighth
defendant, Vaara Pte Ltd (“Vaara”), and the ninth defendant, Starlight Corp
Pte Ltd (“Starlight”), are companies incorporated in Singapore (collectively
referred to as “PVS”). They were allegedly involved in transfers of shares in
SMG(HK) from GD Enterprise, Azur and/or Trinity, and sold the shares to
Republic Park on or around 24 September 2019. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

SOC at para 4.1.

4 The second to fifth defendants were added to the proceedings by way of
amendments to pleadings on 8 July 2020. These amendments were also the subject
of HC/RA 148/2020 (“RA 148/2020”). The sixth to ninth defendants were added to
the proceedings by way of amendments dated 2 October 2020. I address this as
part of the procedural history below.

The underlying dispute

5 I begin by summarising the underlying dispute. The Plaintiff was a minority
shareholder in Littauer Tech and had acquired his shareholding for a total of
KRW5,790,744,000 at KRW122,400 per share. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

SOC at para 7.

Mr Spackman was the majority shareholder and held 50.6% of Littauer Tech. In
or around July 2000, the Plaintiff alleged that Mr Spackman caused Littauer
Tech to acquire a company that he had established, Silverline Investment
Limited, in exchange for US$1.3bn worth of stock in Littauer Tech. The
Plaintiff also alleged that Mr Spackman had inflated the value of the shares
of Littauer Tech and Silverline by making false and exaggerated claims. In
particular, it was alleged that whilst Mr Spackman claimed that there was a
large amount of foreign capital being invested into Littauer Tech, there was
in fact no such investment. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

John Han’s 3rd Affidavit dated 23 April 2019 at para 10.

6 Mr Spackman then allegedly liquidated 11.5% of the shares in Littauer Tech
for a profit of more than KRW300bn. However, the Plaintiff was not able to
liquidate his shares as the agreement he had entered into with Mr Spackman
prevented disposal of shares for one year from the date of purchase. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

SOC at para 9.

Littauer Tech’s share price subsequently plummeted and continued to fall. It
was then delisted from the Korean stock exchange on 10 April 2003 when the
share price was KRW10 per share. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

SOC at paras 10–11.

The Korean proceedings

7 On the basis of these allegations, the Plaintiff commenced an action in the
Seoul Central District Court (25th Division) (“Seoul District Court”) to
recover his losses. The Seoul District Court rejected the claim. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

SOC at para 12.

On 29 September 2011, the Seoul High Court reversed that decision. The Seoul
High Court entered judgment against Mr Spackman (and other defendants jointly
and severally) for KRW5,207,884,800 (approximately US$4.6m) 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

John Han’s 3rd Affidavit at p 162.

with interest of 5% p.a. from 6 May 2001 to 29 September 2011, and interest of
20% p.a. from 30 September 2011 until the amount was paid in full. I refer to
this as the “Seoul High Court Judgment”. Mr Spackman, among others, appealed
to the Korean Supreme Court. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Mr Spackman’s Defence (Amendment No 4) (“Spackman Defence”) at para 22(c).

8 On 31 October 2013, the Korean Supreme Court dismissed the appeal as it
related to Mr Spackman while allowing the appeals by the other defendants
(“the Korean Supreme Court Judgment”), as it found that Mr Spackman was deemed
to have admitted to the Plaintiff’s claim as he had not participated in the
Seoul High Court proceedings. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

John Han’s 3rd Affidavit at p 59.

The exact nature of the Korean Supreme Court’s decision is a matter of some
contention, but it suffices to note here the substantive result was that Mr
Spackman was held liable for the above sum. There is, however, also a question
of whether the Korean Supreme Court Judgment included the interest described
above. In allowing the appeal by the other defendants, the Korean Supreme
Court remanded their cases to the Seoul High Court, which then found that
these other defendants were not liable. This decision was upheld by the Korean
Supreme Court in another appeal. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Spackman Defence at para 22(d).

9 On 26 April 2017, Mr Spackman applied to the Seoul High Court to reopen the
case. The Seoul High Court declined to do so. This decision was affirmed by
the Korean Supreme Court on 30 May 2018. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

SOC at para 15; Spackman Defence at para 24.

The New York proceedings

10 The Plaintiff brought enforcement actions in multiple jurisdictions. One
set of proceedings in New York, in particular, has been relied upon by the
Plaintiff in Suit 211. On 23 May 2017, the Plaintiff commenced proceedings in
New York to enforce the Seoul High Court Judgment. On 11 September 2018, he
obtained summary judgment against Mr Spackman in the Supreme Court of the
State of New York for the sum of US$13,827,168.25 and post-judgment interest
of 9% p.a. on the basis of the Seoul High Court Judgment. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

SOC at para 18; Spackman Defence at para 43.

The BVI proceedings

11 On 4 and 5 February 2019, the Plaintiff obtained discovery orders in aid of
the enforcement of the Korean Judgments in the British Virgin Islands (“BVI”).
He subsequently obtained worldwide freezing order against the BVI Companies on
11 April 2019 (the “BVI Injunctions”). On 18 April 2019, the Plaintiff filed
papers to commence a claim for the recognition and enforcement of the Korean
Judgments in the BVI. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Plaintiff’s 7th Affidavit at para 19(c).

The Hong Kong proceedings

12 The Plaintiff had also begun proceedings in Hong Kong for the recognition
of the Korean Judgments on 15 June 2016 (ie, before the New York proceedings).
19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Plaintiff’s 6th Affidavit at para 19(d)

Subsequently, the Plaintiff also applied for and obtained an ex parte
worldwide Mareva injunction against Mr Spackman, Mr Lee, Azur and Trinity in
Hong Kong on 3 June 2019 (“the HK Injunction”). 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

SOC at para 28(c)(1).

This was after the Plaintiff had obtained the ex parte Mareva injunctions
against Mr Spackman, Mr Lee and the BVI Companies in Singapore (see [16]
below).

13 On 4 June 2019, the Plaintiff filed an application for the continuation of
the HK Injunction, while Mr Spackman filed an application on 11 June 2019 for
the HK Injunction to be set aside. These applications were heard on 15
September 2020 and the judgment in these proceedings was delivered by the Hong
Kong Court of First Instance in Sang Cheol Woo v Yoo Shin Choi (naturalized
name Charles C Spackman) and others [2020] HKCFI 2706 (“the HK Judgment”) on
20 October 2020. The HK Injunction was for the sum of KRW15,886,902,275.51: HK
Judgment at [2]. In it, the court came to the conclusion, inter alia, that (at
[68]):

… [T]he irresistible inference to be drawn from the evidence presented in the
present case is that [Mr Spackman] has gone to great lengths to evade adjudged
liability since 2011. The fact that Mareva applications had to be made in
different jurisdictions in succession (in the BVI, Singapore and Hong Kong in
2019) to preserve assets were dictated and necessitated by changes in
circumstances as new evidence came to light.

However, I observe at this point that the HK Judgment dealt only with Mr
Spackman, Mr Lee, and two of the BVI Companies. Given the scope of the dispute
in that case, the Hong Kong court naturally did not consider any claims of
conspiracy in relation to Funvest and PVS.

14 On 16 June 2020, the Plaintiff also obtained an injunction against Funvest
and SMG(HK) preventing any change in SMG(HK)’s register of members in relation
to Funvest’s shareholding: HK Judgment at [37].

Procedural history

15 The Plaintiff filed Suit 211 in the Singapore High Court on 25 February
2019. The original Statement of Claim was premised entirely on the Korean
Supreme Court Judgment and sought (a) payment of the sum of KRW5,207,884,800
due under the Korean Supreme Court Judgment; (b) interest on the said sum at
5% p.a. from 5 June 2001 to 29 September 2011, and at 20% p.a. from 30
September 2011 until the entire amount was paid in full; and (c) further or in
the alternative, interest under s 12 of the Civil Law Act (Cap 43, 1999 Rev
Ed). 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Statement of Claim (Original) dated 25 February 2019 at pp 5–6.

The first set of injunctions

16 On 22 April 2019, the Plaintiff applied for ex parte injunctions against Mr
Spackman, Mr Lee, Azur, DVG, Trinity and GD Enterprise in HC/SUM 2051/2019.
The various injunctions can be summarised as follows:

S/N| Party| Injunction| Order  
---|---|---|---  
1\. | Mr Spackman| Worldwide Mareva| HC/ORC 2728/2019 (“ORC 2728/2019”)  
2\. | Mr Lee| Worldwide Mareva| HC/ORC 2737/2019 (“ORC 2737/2019”)  
3\. | Azur| Domestic Mareva| HC/ORC 2721/2019  
4\. | DVG| Domestic Mareva| HC/ORC 2729/2019  
5\. | Trinity| Domestic Mareva| HC/ORC 2738/2019  
6\. | GD Enterprise| Domestic Mareva| HC/ORC 2736/2019  
  
17 On 15 May 2019, in HC/SUM 2528/2019 (“SUM 2528/2019”), Mr Spackman applied
to set aside the Writ of Summons and service of the Writ, as well as to
discharge or set aside various orders pertaining to service out of the
jurisdiction and substituted service. In the same summons, he also applied for
ORC 2728/2019, ie, the worldwide Mareva injunction which had been made against
him, to be discharged or set aside. On 21 May 2019, Mr Spackman applied again
in HC/SUM 2596/2019 (“SUM 2596/2019”) to set aside ORC 2728/2019.

18 On 14 June 2019, in HC/SUM 3002/2019 (“SUM 3002/2019”), the Plaintiff
applied for declarations that the obtaining of freezing orders in Hong Kong by
him against Mr Spackman and Mr Lee on 3 June 2019 was not in breach of the
undertakings provided in ORC 2728/2019 and ORC 2737/2019.

19 SUM 2528/2019, SUM 2596/2019 and SUM 3002/2019 were heard between July and
October 2019. In relation to SUM 2528/2019, I decided on 24 July 2019 to
dismiss the applications to set aside the writ and its service out of the
jurisdiction, but left open the issue of the Mareva injunctions which were
then dealt with together under SUM 2596/2019 (see HC/ORC 2474/2020). Judgment
in SUM 2596/2019 and SUM 3002/2019 was reserved on 21 October 2019. While the
decision on these applications was pending, the Plaintiff brought an
application under O 14 r 1 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed)
(“ROC”) in HC/SUM 5616/2019 for summary judgment against Mr Spackman. On 23
December 2019, the Assistant Registrar granted Mr Spackman unconditional leave
to defend (HC/ORC 7/2020). The Plaintiff appealed against this decision in
HC/RA 12/2020. The appeal was dismissed by the High Court on 14 February 2020
(HC/ORC 1370/2020).

20 On 30 March 2020, pursuant to SUM 2596/2019, the High Court set aside the
injunctions against Mr Spackman, Mr Lee and the BVI Companies, as well as the
orders joining Mr Lee and the BVI Companies to Suit 211 (HC/ORC 2489/2020). In
relation to SUM 3002/2019, the application was dismissed (HC/ORC 2454/2020).
The Plaintiff then sought leave to appeal against these decisions, but was
rejected by both the High Court (in HC/SUM 1696/2020 and HC/SUM 1697/2020) and
the Court of Appeal (in CA/OS 23/2020). I observe that the grounds for setting
aside the injunctions in that application (summarised by the Court of Appeal
as an absence of a real risk of dissipation and material non-disclosure 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

See Minute Sheet for CA/OS 23/2020 dated 25 September 2020.

) do not have a bearing on the merits of the present applications.

Involvement of second to fifth defendants

21 On 20 May 2020, the Plaintiff brought the following applications:

(a) HC/SUM 2033/2020 (“SUM 2033/2020”), another application for an ex parte
injunction against Funvest in relation to the sale or transfer of 6,353,968
shares in SMG(HK) and the sales proceeds thereof;

(b) HC/SUM 2034/2020 (“SUM 2034/2020”) for leave to amend the Writ of Summons
and the Statement of Claim to include the second to fifth defendants and to
include new causes of action in unlawful and lawful means conspiracy (“the
Conspiracy Claims”) and new relief on the basis of those causes of action; and

(c) HC/SUM 2058/2020 (“SUM 2058/2020”), an inter partes application for an
injunction against Funvest also in relation to the sale or transfer of
6,353,968 shares in SMG(HK) and the sales proceeds thereof, and/or a domestic
Mareva injunction.

22 The ex parte injunction against Funvest was granted on 27 May 2020 in SUM
2033/2020 (see HC/ORC 2717/2020, HC/ORC 2718/2020 and HC/ORC 2726/2020).

23 The second to fifth defendants were added to the proceedings by way of an
amendment to the Writ and Statement of Claim on 8 July 2020, pursuant to
HC/ORC 3751/2020 in SUM 2034/2020. The decision of the Assistant Registrar
granting leave to amend the pleadings was appealed against on 20 July 2020 by
Mr Spackman in HC/RA 148/2020. I dismissed HC/RA 148/2020 on 17 September
2020. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Transcript 17 September 2020 at p 122, ln 12.

As a result, the Conspiracy Claims were accepted to be rightly added to the
Statement of Claim and were part of the proceedings against Funvest and PVS,
and the present applications were considered on this basis.

24 On 22 July 2020, Funvest filed HC/SUM 3020/2020 (“SUM 3020/2020”) seeking,
in essence, to set aside the ex parte injunction obtained against it in SUM
2033/2020, to set aside service of the Writ of Summons on it, and for the
proceedings to be stayed. I dismissed SUM 3020/2020 on 5 November 2020 and
reserved costs to be dealt with together with the application in SUM 2058/2020
(see HC/ORC 6177/2020). 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Transcript 5 November 2020 at p 143, ln 3–5.

25 In relation to Funvest, the only application remaining outstanding, which I
deal with in the present judgment, is the Plaintiff’s application in SUM
2058/2020, ie, the Plaintiff’s application for an inter partes injunction
against Funvest.

Involvement of sixth to ninth defendants

26 On 6 August 2020, the Plaintiff filed HC/SUM 3263/2020 (“SUM 3263/2020”)
seeking ex parte injunctions against PVS. In relation to Plutoray, the
Plaintiff sought an injunction in relation to KRW11,507,936,000, being the
sales proceeds of 5,753,968 shares in SMG(HK). In relation to Vaara and
Starlight, the injunctions were in relation to KRW600,000,000, being the sales
proceeds of 300,000 SMG(HK) shares. On 14 August 2020, these injunctions were
granted in HC/ORC 4421/2020 (“ORC 4421/2020”) and HC/ORC 4424/2020 (“ORC
4424/2020”).

27 On the same day, the Plaintiff filed SUM 3430/2020, an application for
inter partes injunctions against PVS.

28 On 15 September 2020, PVS filed SUM 3968/2020, seeking to set aside the
injunction granted pursuant to SUM 3263/2020.

29 While the proceedings relating to the above and other applications were
ongoing, the sixth to ninth defendants (which includes PVS) were added to the
proceedings by way of an amendment to the Writ of Summons and Statement of
Claim. Leave was granted to amend on 30 September 2020 by the Assistant
Registrar (HC/ORC 5630/2020 in HC/SUM 3259/2020) and the amended pleadings
were filed on 2 October 2020. This was done while the present applications
were being heard. Since nothing turns on this, I simply refer to the sixth to
ninth defendants also as defendants to these proceedings throughout this
judgment.

30 The applications which remain for determination are therefore:

(a) the Plaintiff’s applications for (i) an inter partes injunction against
Funvest (SUM 2058/2020), and (ii) injunctions against PVS (SUM 3430/2020); and

(b) Plutoray’s, Vaara’s, and Starlight’s application to set aside the ex parte
injunctions against them (SUM 3968/2020).

The applicable law

31 I turn to set out, in broad strokes, the applicable law on interim
injunctions and Mareva injunctions. I deal with the specific points of
contention below, and focus only on the general framework within which the
disputes have been fought.

Interim injunctions

32 The Plaintiffs relied on both O 29 r 1 and r 2 of the ROC for the interim
injunctions against Funvest and PVS. O 29 r 1(1) of the ROC reads:

1.—(1) An application for the grant of an injunction may be made by any party
to a cause or matter before or after the trial of the cause or matter, whether
or not a claim for the injunction was included in that party’s originating
process, counterclaim or third party notice, as the case may be.

33 The test for whether an interim injunction will be granted is whether (a)
there is a serious issue to be tried; and (b) the balance of convenience lies
in favour of granting the interim injunction: American Cyanamid Co v Ethicon
Ltd [1975] AC 396 (“American Cyanamid”). As the Court of Appeal stated in
Chuan Hong Petrol Station Pte Ltd v Shell Singapore (Pte) Ltd [1992] 2 SLR(R)
1 at [88]:

… [A] fundamental principle is that the court should take whichever course
appears to carry the lower risk of injustice if it should turn out to have
been wrong at trial in the sense of granting relief to a party who succeeds at
the trial. …

34 Order 29 r 2 of the ROC (as relevant) reads:

Detention, preservation, etc., of subject-matter of cause or matter (O. 29, r.
2)

2.—(1) On the application of any party to a cause or matter, the Court may
make an order for the detention, custody or preservation of any property which
is the subject-matter of the cause or matter, or as to which any question may
arise therein, or for the inspection of any such property in the possession of
a party to the cause or matter.

(2) For the purpose of enabling any order under paragraph (1) to be carried
out, the Court may by the order authorise any person to enter upon any
immovable property in the possession of any party to the cause or matter.

(3) Where the right of any party to a specific fund is in dispute in a cause
or matter, the Court may, on the application of a party to the cause or
matter, order the fund to be paid into Court or otherwise secured.

(4) An order under this Rule may be made on such terms, if any, as the Court
thinks just.

…

The scope of O 29 r 2 is a matter of some dispute in this case and I address
these arguments below.

Mareva injunctions

35 In relation to the Plaintiff’s applications for Mareva injunctions, the
applicable criteria are clear (see Singapore Civil Procedure 2020 vol 1 (Chua
Lee Ming gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 10th Ed, 2020) (“White Book”) at para
29/1/58):

(a) there must be a valid cause of action over which the court has
jurisdiction;

(b) there must be a good arguable case on the merits of the plaintiff’s claim;

(c) the defendant must have assets within the jurisdiction; and

(d) there is a real risk that the defendant will dissipate his assets to
frustrate the enforcement of an anticipated judgment of the court.

Parties’ cases

SUM 2058/2020

36 The Plaintiff’s case against Funvest is, in essence, that Funvest received
6,353,968 shares in SMG(HK), which are Mr Spackman’s assets, from Republic
Park, and that Funvest’s conduct in relation to these shares was in
furtherance of a conspiracy to injure the Plaintiff. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

SOC at para 28(j).

On that basis, the Plaintiff sought an injunction against Funvest.
Specifically, in SUM 2058/2020:

(a) The Plaintiff sought an interim injunction preventing Funvest from: (i)
selling or transferring 6,353,968 shares in SMG(HK); (ii) disposing any of the
KRW12,707,936,000 which are the sales proceeds of the shares at KRW2,000 per
share (in the event that all or part of the 6,353,968 shares have been
sold/transferred to ESA); and (iii) causing the sale proceeds to be
transferred by ESA or any other party directly to a third party. Further, the
Plaintiff sought disclosure of various information pertaining to those shares
and to the relationships between the various entities.

(b) Further, or in the alternative, the Plaintiff also applied for a domestic
Mareva injunction.

37 Funvest contended that the injunction(s) should not be granted. In relation
to the interim injunction, Funvest argued that the Plaintiff would be entitled
to restrain the use of a specific asset only if it had a specific proprietary
interest in that asset. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Funvest’s Written Submissions dated 9 September 2020 (“Funvest WS”) at para
3.1.2.

Yet, the Plaintiff was not claiming and did not in fact have a proprietary
interest in the SMG(HK) shares or the sales proceeds thereof. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Funvest WS at para 3.1.3.

The Plaintiff also could not rely on O 29 r 2 of the ROC, as: (a) this would
not accord with the purpose of O 29 r 2; (b) the SMG(HK) shares and sale
proceeds do not satisfy the requirements of O 29 r 2 as they are not physical
items that are the subject matter of the dispute; (c) the sale proceeds for
the 6,353,968 SMG(HK) shares have intermingled with the proceeds for the rest
of the 8,551,936 SMG(HK) shares that was sold to ESA; (d) the 6,353,968 shares
are no longer in Funvest’s possession; and (e) the Plaintiff has not claimed
any proprietary interest in the SMG(HK) shares. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Funvest WS at para 3.1.4.

38 In any event, Funvest argued that the requirements for an interim
injunction are not met. These arguments overlapped with its arguments for why
the Mareva injunction should not be granted.

(a) First, the Plaintiff has failed to raise a good arguable case, or even a
serious issue to be tried, in relation to the Conspiracy Claims. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Funvest WS at para 3.2.1.

(b) Second, there is no real risk that Funvest’s assets would be dissipated
such that any judgment obtained would not be enforceable. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Funvest WS at para 3.3.1.

(c) Third, the balance of convenience lies in favour of Funvest. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Funvest WS at para 3.4.1.

(d) Fourth, the injunctions sought are unnecessarily wide and oppressive. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Funvest WS at para 3.5.1.

39 Funvest argued in the alternative that if one or both injunctions are
granted, the Plaintiff should be made to fortify his undertaking as to
damages. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Funvest WS at para 3.6.1.

SUM 3430/2020 and SUM 3968/2020

40 The Plaintiff’s case against PVS (both in seeking the inter partes
injunction in SUM 3430/2020 and in resisting the setting aside application in
SUM 3968/2020) also relates to the shares in SMG(HK). It is his case that: 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions dated 9 September 2020 in SUM 2058/2020 (“PWS
2058”) at p 23.

(a) Vaara and Starlight had each received 300,000 shares from GD Enterprise on
18 August 2017, and then transferred those shares (together with one
additional share in SMG(HK) that Vaara had received separately) to Republic
Park on 24 September 2019, which in turn transferred them to Funvest.

(b) Plutoray had received 2,578,968 shares in SMG(HK) from Trinity and
3,175,000 shares in SMG(HK) from Azur on 24 April 2019, and subsequently
transferred the total of 5,753,968 shares to Republic Park on 24 September
2019, which were also then transferred in turn to Funvest.

41 In SUM 3430/2020, the Plaintiffs sought interim injunctions against PVS,
and, further or in the alternative, Mareva injunctions against the same
parties.

42 The Plaintiff emphasised: (a) the nominal value of the transfers between
the BVI Companies, PVS, Republic Park and Funvest; (b) the timings of the
transfers in relation to enforcement proceedings or discovery of the existence
of certain entities and their links to Mr Spackman; (c) the links that those
entities and persons have with Mr Spackman; and (d) the “incredible excuses”
given by Mr Spackman and Mr Kim for the transfers. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions dated 26 October 2020 in SUM 3430/2020 and SUM
3968/2020 (“PWS 3430 and 3968”) at para 12.

He contended that there was no legitimate reason for the transfers. The
Plaintiff also argued that the Conspiracy Claims against PVS were independent
of the enforcement claim on the basis of the Judgments, 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

PWS 3430 and 3968 at para 51.

and has taken the position that the issue of the Judgments is not “at all
relevant or material” to these applications against PVS. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

PWS 3430 and 3968 at para 96(c).

43 In response, PVS characterised the Plaintiff’s application against them as
being based on the (false) impression that they had received monies for the
transfer of the SMG(HK) shares, and that he was using the injunctions
primarily to pursue his enforcement against Mr Spackman. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

PVS’s Written Submissions dated 26 October 2020 (“PVS WS”) at para 5.

As the injunctions against the first to fourth defendants have been
discharged, it would follow that injunctive relief should not be granted
against PVS, which are further removed from the alleged conspiracy. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

PVS WS at paras 7–9.

44 In respect of the setting aside application in SUM 3968/2020, PVS argued
that the wrong test was applied when the injunction was granted as the
injunction was, in truth, a Mareva injunction. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

PVS WS at paras 50−54.

They also submitted that the Plaintiff had failed to make full and frank
disclosure of material facts in his application. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

PVS WS at paras 55–83.

Furthermore, they argued that even if the test for an interim injunction was
to apply, the Plaintiff’s case did not satisfy the test for an injunction to
be granted, as there was no serious issue to be tried, and the balance of
convenience did not favour granting an injunction. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

PVS WS at paras 84ff.

PVS also argued that the Plaintiff had obtained the ex parte injunction for a
collateral motive 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

PVS WS at paras 122, 209–236.

and the Plaintiff had failed to give the required undertakings for the ex
parte injunctions. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

PVS WS at paras 123–129.

45 In respect of the Plaintiff’s application for inter partes injunctions in
SUM 3430/2020, PVS relied on similar arguments insofar as the injunctions
sought were interim injunctions and not Mareva injunctions. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

PVS WS at para 131, 84–120.

Insofar as the injunctions sought were Mareva injunctions, PVS submitted that
(a) the Court of Appeal had found that there was no risk of dissipation of Mr
Spackman’s assets; 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

PVS WS at paras 132–139.

(b) there are no assets for any injunction to bite on; 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

PVS WS at paras 140–180.

(c) the Plaintiff has not adduced evidence of dissipation; 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

PVS WS at paras 181–204.

(d) the Plaintiff was abusing the court’s process; 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

PVS WS at paras 205–253.

and (e) for similar reasons as above, there is no good arguable case on the
facts. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

PVS WS at para 254.

Issues for determination

46 There are, in effect, two sets of applications before me. One, in SUM
2058/2020, involves the Plaintiff and Funvest. The other, in SUM 3430/2020 and
SUM 3968/2020, involves the Plaintiff and PVS. Although the allegations made
by the Plaintiff against Funvest and PVS deal with the same series of
transactions, each set of proceedings is distinct, since Funvest has (strictly
speaking) no interest in the outcome of SUM 3430/2020 and SUM 3968/2020, and
PVS has no interest in the outcome of SUM 2058/2020, except insofar as the
findings made by the court in one may be relevant to the other. Therefore,
while each application must be determined on its own merits, I also pay
particular attention to making consistent findings throughout.

47 I will address the issues in this order (noting that each of these issues
contains further sub-issues):

(a) Has the Plaintiff showed a good arguable case and/or a serious issue to be
tried in respect of the claims against Funvest and PVS?

(b) In relation to SUM 2058/2020,

(i) can and should the interim injunction against Funvest be granted?

(ii) should the Mareva injunction against Funvest be granted?

(c) In relation to SUM 3430/2020 and SUM 3968/2020,

(i) can and should the interim injunctions against PVS be granted?

(ii) should the Mareva injunctions against PVS be granted?

48 In relation to SUM 3430/2020 and SUM 3968/2020, I will deal primarily with
the issue of the inter partes injunctions, given how the matters have
proceeded. If I decide that no inter partes injunctions should be granted, I
would accordingly discharge the ex parte injunctions and make the necessary
consequential orders.

The merits of the claims against Funvest and PVS

49 There are two claims at issue in Suit 211. First, there is the claim for
enforcement of the Korean Judgments in Singapore against Mr Spackman (“the
Enforcement Claim”). Second, there are the Conspiracy Claims (referred to in
the plural because the pleaded claim is in both unlawful and lawful means
conspiracy). As against Funvest, the Plaintiff relied on the Conspiracy
Claims. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

PWS 2058 at para 168.

As against PVS, the Plaintiff also relied only on the Conspiracy Claims, as
their repeated arguments that the Conspiracy Claims are independent of the
Enforcement Claim emphasised. Conversely, counsel for PVS argued that the
underlying merits of the Enforcement Claim must also be considered, since if
the Korean Judgments could not be enforced in Singapore anyway, no loss can be
said to have been caused to the Plaintiff by the alleged conspiracy. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Transcript 5 November 2020 at p 14, ln 2–16.

I deal, therefore, primarily with the Conspiracy Claims, but touch on the
merits of the Enforcement Claim where relevant to the merits of the Conspiracy
Claims. However, I state for the avoidance of doubt that in relation to both
the Enforcement Claim and Conspiracy Claims, any discussion of the merits in
this judgment is provisional and based on the evidence as it stands before
trial. The actual merits of these claims are matters for the trial judge to
determine after trial. I am concerned here only with whether the threshold for
interim and/or Mareva injunctions have been satisfied on the affidavit
evidence presently before me.

The applicable standards

50 I bear the following two standards in mind as I turn to consider the merits
of the Conspiracy Claims:

(a) The standard in relation to an interim injunction is that there must be a
serious issue to be tried. The threshold is a low one – all it requires is
that the claim is not frivolous or vexatious: American Cyanamid at 407. The
court will only investigate the prospects of success to a limited extent –
“[a]ll that has to be seen is whether he has prospects of success which, in
substance and reality, exist” (White Book at para 29/1/12).

(b) The standard in relation to Mareva injunctions is a different one. There
must be a good arguable case on the merits, meaning one which is “more than
barely capable of serious argument, but not necessarily one which the judge
considers would have a better than 50 per cent chance of success”: Bouvier,
Yves Charles Edgar and another v Accent Delight International Ltd and another
and another appeal [2015] 5 SLR 558 (“Bouvier”) at [36].

The elements of the torts of unlawful and lawful means conspiracy

51 There is no real dispute at present as to the elements of the torts of
unlawful and lawful means conspiracy. As the Court of Appeal held in Quah Kay
Tee v Ong and Co Pte Ltd [1996] 3 SLR(R) 637 at [45]:

The tort of conspiracy comprises two types: conspiracy by unlawful means and
conspiracy by lawful means. A conspiracy by unlawful means is constituted when
two or more persons combine to commit an unlawful act with the intention of
injuring or damaging the plaintiff, and the act is carried out and the
intention achieved. In a conspiracy by lawful means, there need not be an
unlawful act committed by the conspirators. But there is the additional
requirement of proving a “predominant purpose” by all the conspirators to
cause injury or damage to the plaintiff, and the act is carried out and the
purpose achieved.

52 In other words, the elements of the tort are:

(a) an agreement between two or more persons to do a certain act;

(b) with the intention of or for the purpose of injuring or damaging the
plaintiff (if the act is unlawful) or with the predominant purpose of doing so
(if the act is lawful); and

(c) the acts were done pursuant to that agreement, resulting in loss or damage
to the plaintiff.

The factual basis for the Plaintiff’s arguments

53 The Plaintiff’s case is primarily based on inferences to be drawn from the
facts concerning various transfers of SMG(HK) shares. Hence, before turning to
the specific elements, I deal with the various arguments raised in relation to
the inferences to be drawn. As noted above, the Plaintiff’s case centred on
the inferences to be drawn from: (a) the undervalue transfers; (b) the timings
of the transfers; (c) the links between PVS and Funvest, on the one hand, and
Mr Spackman, on the other; and (d) the “incredible excuses” given by Mr
Spackman and Mr Kim for the transfers. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions dated 26 October 2020 in SUM 3430/2020 and SUM
3968/2020 (“PWS 3430 and 3968”) at para 12.

The share transfers

54 The fact of the share transfers is not disputed by the various defendants
involved in these applications. I set the relevant transfers out here: 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

PWS 2058 at p 23.

(a) On 18 August 2017:

(i) 300,000 shares were transferred from GD Enterprise to Starlight;

(ii) 300,000 shares were transferred from GD Enterprise to Vaara; and

(iii) 200,000 shares were transferred from DVG to Constellation Agency Pte
Ltd.

(b) On 21 November 2017, 4,000,000 shares were transferred from GD Enterprise
to Azur.

(c) On 22 February 2018:

(i) 3,503,850 shares were transferred from GD Enterprise to Trinity;

(ii) 383,333 shares were transferred from DVG to Trinity; and

(iii) 250,000 shares were transferred from DVG to Zymmetry Investments Ltd.

(d) On 24 April 2019,

(i) 2,578,968 shares were transferred from Trinity to Plutoray; and

(ii) 3,175,000 shares were transferred from Azur to Plutoray.

(e) On 24 September 2019,

(i) 5,753,968 shares were transferred from Plutoray to Republic Park;

(ii) 300,001 shares were transferred from Vaara to Republic Park; and

(iii) 300,000 shares were transferred from Starlight to Republic Park.

(f) On 21 November 2019, 6,353,968 shares were transferred from Republic Park
to Funvest.

55 From the above, it is clear that all of the shares that eventually made
their way to PVS were initially held by GD Enterprise. Accordingly, all of the
shares held by Republic Park and then Funvest (which received all the shares
from PVS) were initially held by GD Enterprise.

56 It is also not disputed that all of these transfers were for HK$1 per
share, except for the transfer of 4,000,000 shares from GD Enterprise to Azur
which was for US$1 per share. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

PWS 2058 at para 16.

The Plaintiff emphasised that these were undervalue transfers, and referred to
evidence provided by Mr Kim in the BVI proceedings that these were indicated
as “internal” transfers. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

PWS 2058 at para 16; Plaintiff’s 7th Affidavit at paras 56–57.

In my view, however, Mr Kim’s statement to that effect is not entirely
probative in this context. While it may be true that characterising certain
transfers as “internal” transfers may explain why the consideration for
transfer was only HK$1 per share, this does not logically entail that every
subsequent transfer for that same amount was also an “internal” transfer. The
question of how much weight to give to the apparent “undervalue” transfers
turns ultimately on the weight to be given to the explanations by the
defendants for the transfers themselves.

The relationship between the entities and parties

57 In addition to the facts of these transfers, the Plaintiff seeks to show
that the entities involved were related to Mr Spackman. This would justify the
finding that the entities had acted in concert to divert and conceal Mr
Spackman’s assets and prevent enforcement against him.

58 The first category of entities is made up of the BVI Companies, viz, GD
Enterprise, Azur, DVG and Trinity. As can be seen from the summary of the
share transfers above at [54], each of these entities was a part of the chain
of share transfers that ultimately led to the consolidation of shares in PVS,
followed by Republic Park, and then Funvest. It is the Plaintiff’s case that
the BVI Companies were essentially holding Mr Spackman’s assets, and that they
were controlled by Mr Spackman through Mr Kim and Mdm Kim. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

SOC at para 23.

I accept that there is a serious issue to be tried, as well as a good arguable
case that the BVI Companies were acting either directly or indirectly under
the control of Mr Spackman. This is supported by the connection that they had
to Mr Spackman through Mr Kim and Mdm Kim, as well as the other factors raised
by the Plaintiff in his pleadings and submissions. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

PWS 3430 and 3968 at para 15.

That, however, only gets the Plaintiff so far, since the relevant parts of the
Conspiracy Claims now under consideration in these applications are those
relating to PVS and Funvest.

59 The next issue is whether the second category of entities, Funvest and PVS,
can be said to be related to Mr Spackman. It is convenient for me to deal
first with the Plaintiff’s reliance of the findings of the Hong Kong Court of
First Instance in the HK Judgment. I note that neither Funvest nor PVS were
parties to those proceedings. It follows that the requirements of issue
estoppel cannot be met, as there is no “identity between the parties to the
two actions that are being compared” (see Lee Tat Development Pte Ltd v MCST
Plan No 301 [2005] 3 SLR(R) 157 at [14]–[15]) and I do not find that Funvest
or PVS are bound by any of the findings in the HK Judgment.

60 I first consider Plutoray. The Plaintiff highlighted the following facts:
(a) Plutoray’s registered address was the residential address of one Mr Jang
Jeong Seok (“Mr Jang”); (b) Mr Jang was a director of PVS and Funvest (from 7
May 2018 to 16 December 2019); (c) one Mr Jung Yunyoung (“Mr Jung”) was the
second director of Plutoray as well as company secretary of Funvest (up to 16
December 2019) and the current company secretary of Vaara; (d) Mr Jang acted
suspiciously on 18 May 2020 when the letter informing Funvest of the
Conspiracy Claims was served; and (e) Mr Jang was a shareholder and a director
of a company, Constellation, before it was acquired by Spackman Entertainment
Group Ltd (“SEGL”), a publicly-listed company in Singapore of which Mr
Spackman was CEO and director. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Plaintiff’s 12th Affidavit dated 6 August 2020 at p 13.

61 Taking the Plaintiff’s case at its highest, I accept that the facts could
potentially give rise to the inference that PVS and Funvest were closely
connected. However, the facts do not establish (at present) a very close link
between Mr Jang and Mr Spackman. The fact that they may have interacted in
relation to the acquisition of Constellation by SEGL does not, in and of
itself, suggest that Mr Spackman had any control over or close relationship
with Mr Jang. Even taking the Plaintiff’s argument at its highest in relation
to the alleged suspicious activity on 18 May 2020, that would only go to
establishing some sort of link between PVS and Funvest, but not between PVS
and Mr Spackman or the BVI Companies.

62 In my judgment, the Plaintiff faces the same issues in relation to Vaara
and Starlight. The facts regarding Mr Jang’s and Mr Jung’s involvement in
these companies do not, without more, support an inference that they (and,
relatedly, Vaara and Starlight) were under Mr Spackman’s influence or control.
While the Plaintiff makes a point that Mr Jang appears to be connected with
every company in these proceedings, 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

PWS 3430 and 3968 at para 20(e).

it is PVS’s case that Mr Jang was “in the business of providing nominee
directorships and company secretarial services to entities registered and
incorporated in Singapore”. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Choi Jihoon’s 1st Affidavit dated 21 September 2020 at para 16(c).

I do not make a conclusive finding as to this, but simply note that the
Plaintiff’s case in relation to PVS is almost entirely based on Mr Jang’s
involvement and the present evidence as to his connection with Mr Spackman is
not entirely strong. Further, while the Plaintiff sought to link Mr Kim to
Starlight through personal connections and an email address which appeared to
be his, 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

PWS 3430 and 3968 at para 23.

the link with Mr Kim is one step removed from Mr Spackman, and the nature of
the connection is not entirely clear. Therefore, in assessing whether there is
a good arguable case or a serious issue to be tried, I am unable to give
significant weight to the Plaintiff’s allegations as to PVS’s connection with
Mr Spackman.

63 As for Funvest, the individuals involved appear to be one Mr Daull Nicolas
Marie Andre (“Mr Daull”) and Mr Jang. My observations in relation to Mr Jang
apply here as well. As Funvest argued, Funvest itself was multiple degrees
removed from Mr Spackman. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Funvest WS at para 3.2.4.

I acknowledge that there is something odd about Mr Daull’s responses to the
Plaintiff when the Conspiracy Claims were first made known to Funvest, 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

PWS 2058 at paras 22–23.

but that is, in and of itself, not enough to show a link to Mr Spackman – that
conduct is sufficiently equivocal and does not point entirely to a connection
between Funvest and Mr Spackman.

64 In summary, while I accept that there is evidence to show that the BVI
Companies were operated under the influence or control of Mr Spackman, the
same cannot be said of PVS and Funvest. This does not entirely prevent the
Plaintiff from showing a good arguable case or a serious issue to be tried,
since the issue of conspiracy is not entirely one and the same with the issue
of the relationship between the entities. However, this is clearly a factor
that must be considered given the emphasis that the Plaintiff placed on the
relationship that these entities have with Mr Spackman in his case.

The timing of the transfers

65 The Plaintiff also emphasised the timings of the transfers: 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

PWS 2058 at para 17.

(a) The transfers on 18 August 2017 from GD Enterprise to Starlight and Vaara
happened three months after the New York Proceedings were commenced.

(b) The transfers on 21 November 2017 from GD Enterprise to Azur took place
one day after the Plaintiff was made aware of GD Enterprise and DVG pursuant
to a visit to Triolink Corporate Services Limited (“Triolink”), a registered
agent for GD Enterprise, by the Plaintiff’s Hong Kong lawyers (“K&K”).

(c) Three months after this discovery, GD Enterprise and DVG transferred all
their remaining shareholding in SMG(HK) (almost four million shares) to
Trinity at an undervalue.

(d) After the Plaintiff obtained the BVI Injunctions, the transfers of shares
from Trinity and Azur to Plutoray happened on 24 April 2019.

(e) When the Plaintiff became aware of the transfers to Plutoray, the shares
were then transferred to Republic Park on 24 September 2019, and then to
Funvest on 21 November 2019.

66 In my view, the timings of some of the transfers could potentially give
rise to some inference that the transfers were intended to get around the
various injunctions, in relation to the November 2017 and April 2019
transfers. These two sets of transfers occurred at around the time that
various efforts were being made in various jurisdictions to enforce the
Judgments against Mr Spackman. However, in my view, the weight to be given to
this factor is rather limited, and this is only probative if there are other
good reasons for inferring a conspiracy as alleged. Further, the weight to be
given to these “coincidental” timings is also limited by the absence of
evidence as to how long such transfers would usually take to execute. It
cannot be ruled out entirely that the transfers that followed closely after
certain developments in the case against Mr Spackman were already planned or
arranged before those developments were made known.

67 As for the other transfers, I am unable to place much weight on the alleged
coincidences in timing. The periods of time between when the relevant
defendants became aware of the enforcement action and the transfers themselves
were sufficiently long and were not uniform in each instance. For example, the
Plaintiff’s contention in relation to the transfers to Republic Park in
September 2019 did not make much sense given that the Plaintiff had become
aware of the transfers to Plutoray in May of that year, nearly four months
before the transfers in question. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Plaintiff’s 7th Affidavit at para 85(d).

This made it difficult for me to accept the argument that the transfers were
made by the relevant defendants in response to the specific actions by the
Plaintiff.

The alleged sale of shares to ESA and the reasons for the transfers

68 I pause to take stock of the analysis so far. First, I have found that the
mere fact of the undervalue transfers was not necessarily probative, and the
weight to be given to this fact turned on the explanations given for the
transfers, which I turn to in a moment. Second, I have found that as for PVS
and Funvest, the evidence does not disclose that these entities (in contrast
to the BVI Companies) were closely related to or acting under the direct
control of Mr Spackman. Third, in my view, the weight to be given to the
timings of the transfers was not significant, and some of the transfers could
not be linked to developments in Mr Spackman’s case. I turn then to perhaps
the most important part of the Plaintiff’s case, which is the alleged
implausibility of PVS’s and Funvest’s explanations for the share transfers.

69 While the Plaintiff characterised the transfers as an attempt to evade
enforcement, PVS and Funvest argued instead that they were part of a
legitimate series of commercial transactions. Funvest has taken the position
that it is unable to comment on the transfers involving the BVI Companies, 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Lee Jong Eun’s 1st Affidavit at para 3.1.4.

while PVS has sought to rely on explanations that they have provided relating
to those companies. Funvest and PVS, however, do not appear to take any
inconsistent positions. In the following, I break down the explanations in the
three key stages of the transfers: (a) from GD Enterprise to Vaara and
Starlight, as well as Azur and Trinity; (b) from Azur and Trinity to Plutoray;
and (c) from Plutoray, Vaara and Starlight to Republic Park, and then to
Funvest. After setting out each explanation, I then consider the Plaintiff’s
objections to the explanation and provide my views. While GD Enterprise, Azur
and Trinity were not before me in these applications, I deal with the facts
surrounding those transfers as well as they provide the backdrop against which
the later transactions occurred.

(1) The first stage

70 The first stage of the transfers was the transfers from GD Enterprise to
the BVI Companies, and Vaara and Starlight. The explanations for these are as
follows:

(a) In relation to the transfer of shares from GD Enterprise to Vaara, one Mr
Kang Sung Wook (“Mr Kang”) had agreed to partner with SMG(HK) to further his
interests in the Korean entertainment industry. As part of this partnership,
Mr Kang received 300,000 SMG(HK) shares from GD Enterprise. He wished to keep
these shares in a Singapore company, and Vaara was incorporated on or around 1
March 2017 to receive and hold these shares. Mr Jang was appointed as a
nominee director. The shares were then transferred on or around 18 August
2017. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Choi Ji Hoon’s 1st Affidavit at para 16.

(b) In relation to the transfer of shares from GD Enterprises to Starlight, Mr
Choi Ji Hoon (“Mr Choi”), who filed an affidavit on behalf of PVS, deposed
that he partnered with SMG(HK) to further his business interests in the Korean
entertainment industry. He therefore received 300,000 shares from GD
Enterprises, and wished to hold these shares through a Singapore company.
Starlight was incorporated on 10 October 2016 for that purpose and Mr Jang was
appointed as the nominee director. The 300,000 shares were then transferred on
or around 18 August 2017. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Choi Ji Hoon’s 1st Affidavit at paras 24–25.

(c) The transfer of shares from GD Enterprises to Azur and Trinity was part of
an “internal restructuring”. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Choi Ji Hoon’s 1st Affidavit at para 37.

71 I observe here that even if the Plaintiff’s allegations in relation to the
transfers to the BVI Companies are accepted entirely, this still would not get
the Plaintiff very far. The claim against PVS and Funvest is distinct from the
allegations made against the BVI Companies since, as I have noted above, there
is not much evidence to show how PVS and Funvest were related to the BVI
Companies and/or Mr Spackman. As for the transfers to Vaara and Starlight, in
my view, I do not find that the transfers to Vaara and Starlight support
either the Plaintiff’s or PVS’s cases – in and of themselves, the explanations
are not implausible, and, in any event, they have to be seen together with the
subsequent transfers given the nature of the Conspiracy Claims as a whole.

(2) The second stage

72 The second stage in the transfers was the transfer of shares from Azur and
Trinity to Plutoray. The explanation given was that the transfer of shares
from Azur and Trinity to Plutoray was caused by Monetary Management
Consultancy Limited (“MMCL”) enforcing security on a loan owed. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Choi Ji Hoon’s 1st Affidavit at paras 43.

73 MMCL was owned by one Mr Yan Ching Suen (“Mr Suen”), a businessman in Hong
Kong and Macau, and a friend of Mr Kim’s. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Choi Ji Hoon’s 1st Affidavit at para 31.

In December 2015, Mr Kim acquired 9,999,999 SMG(HK) shares through GD
Enterprise pursuant to a share swap agreement dated 13 November 2015 signed
with SMG(HK) (the “Share Swap Agreement”). Mr Kim’s acquisition of the shares
under the Share Swap Agreement was financed by a US$1m loan from MMCL and the
shares were used as collateral for the MMCL loan. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Choi Ji Hoon’s 1st Affidavit at paras 35-36.

These shares were held by GD Enterprise. As part of an internal restructuring,
the shares were transferred to Azur and Trinity in 2018. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Choi Ji Hoon’s 1st Affidavit at para 37.

In or around March 2019, Mr Suen took steps to enforce the MMCL loan. This was
before the injunctions were made against the BVI Companies, but Mr Kim only
found out about the enforcement after the injunctions were made. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Choi Ji Hoon’s 1st Affidavit at para 39.

Mr Suen’s preference was for the SMG(HK) shares to be held in a Singapore
company, and he was introduced to Mr Jang for that purpose. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Choi Ji Hoon’s 1st Affidavit at para 40.

MMCL purchased Plutoray, 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Choi Ji Hoon’s 1st Affidavit at para 41.

and on 27 March 2019, 3,175,000 shares in SMG(HK) were transferred from Azur
to Plutoray for HK$1 per share, and 2,578,968 shares in SMG(HK) were
transferred from Trinity to Plutoray for HK$1 per share. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Choi Ji Hoon’s 1st Affidavit at para 42.

74 The Plaintiff argued that this did not stand up to scrutiny. I highlight
some of the key arguments here:

(a) First, the transfers took place on 24 April 2019, but the promissory notes
between MMCL and Azur, and between MMCL and Trinity provided that the loan
period is for one year from the date of the respective agreements. This would
have meant that the loans would be due only on 14 June 2019 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

John Han’s 6th Affidavit dated 20 June 2019 (“John Han’s 6th Affidavit”) at p
81.

and 7 September 2019 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

John Han’s 6th Affidavit at p 77.

respectively. Hence, it was not clear that the transfers on 24 April 2019
could be said to be enforcement measures taken under the two promissory notes.
81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Plaintiff’s 7th Affidavit at para 74(c).

(b) Second, the transfer of shares to GD Enterprise did not appear to be
funded by a payment of US$1m as alleged. There are no documents that show that
GD Enterprise needed to pay a cash amount for the transfer of SMG(HK) shares.
82

##### Foot Note 82

×

PWS 2058 at para 12(b).

(c) Third, the bank statement showing a payment of US$1m into Crystal Planet
Limited’s account does not disclose the identity of the payor. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

PWS 2058 at para 12(c).

(d) Fourth, when the SMG(HK) shares were transferred to Plutoray on 24 April
2019, Plutoray did not in fact have any connection with MMCL. Indeed, the
company search from ACRA shows that as of 28 May 2019, the only shareholder in
Plutoray was one Yoo Jaemin. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

Plaintiff’s 7th Affidavit at p 653.

Yoo Jaemin only ceased to be a shareholder on 3 June 2019. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

Plaintiff’s 7th Affidavit at p 655.

Hence, at the very earliest, it appears that MMCL only became the shareholder
of Plutoray on 3 June 2019.

(e) Fifth, Mr Spackman maintained inconsistent positions as to whether he knew
Mr Suen. In his 2nd affidavit in the Singapore proceedings, Mr Spackman
deposed that he did not have any dealings with MMCL. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

Spackman’s 2nd Affidavit dated 2 July 2019 at paras 69-70.

However, in his reply submissions in the Hong Kong Proceedings, Mr Spackman
then took the position that Mr Suen, who controlled MMCL, was his former
business partner. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

Plaintiff’s 7th Affidavit at paras 75-79; at p 649.

75 In my view, these factors do raise questions as to the purported
enforcement of the loans by MMCL. I also find that the fact that the transfers
were for HK$1 per share to be odd in the context of enforcement of security
over the shares – it is not clear to me why such payment would have to be made
if these transfers were made in the enforcement of security rights. I do not
find (and do not need to find) that these are “knock-out blows” in favour of
the Plaintiff, but I am satisfied that they raise doubts as to the explanation
provided by the relevant defendants and call for an explanation. Given the
starting point of undervalue share transactions between Azur and Trinity, on
the one hand, and Plutoray, on the other, the absence of a satisfactory
explanation at this stage is one factor that I consider in analysing whether
the Plaintiff has shown a serious issue to be tried and/or a good arguable
case. However, as I go on to observe, this must be seen in the context of all
the other facts.

(3) The third stage

76 The third stage involved the transfers of shares from PVS to Republic Park,
and then from Republic Park to Funvest. The explanation given for these
transfers is that they were part of a consolidation of shares for sale to ESA
(“the Alleged Consolidation”).

(a) Sometime around July 2019, ESA wanted to further its business in the
Korean entertainment industry. It therefore reached out to SEGL to propose an
acquisition of SMG(HK) shares held by SEGL. SEGL, however, was unwilling to
sell its shares as it wished to remain the largest shareholder in SMG(HK).
Instead, SEGL suggested to ESA to approach other SMG(HK) shareholders to
explore if they were willing to sell their shares. ESA thereafter approach one
Mr Andrew Nigel Hopkinson (“Mr Hopkinson”) to act as a broker for the sale of
SMG(HK) shares to ESA. It was ultimately agreed that the SMG(HK) shares would
be consolidated from the various sellers before they were sold and transferred
to ESA. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

Choi Ji Hoon’s 1st Affidavit at paras 46–49.

(b) Mr Hopkinson then incorporated Republic Park for that purpose. As most of
the sellers were from Asia, Mr Hopkinson approached Mr Lee Jong Eun to assist
with the consolidation. They managed to consolidate 7,024,686 shares. However,
as some of the sellers preferred to deal with a Singapore- or Hong Kong-
incorporated company, Mr Hopkinson and Mr Lee were introduced to Mr Jang, and
Mr Jang informed them that they could use the entity, Funvest. Republic Park
then purchased Funvest on or around 12 November 2019 and Funvest was able to
consolidate a total of 8,551,936 shares in SMG(HK). All of the shares
transferred to Republic Park and/or Funvest were for consideration of HK$1 per
share. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

Choi Ji Hoon’s 1st Affidavit at paras 50–55.

(c) Specifically, in relation to PVS, on or around 23 September 2019, each of
the entities entered into brokerage agreements on identical terms with
Republic Park. On or around 28 November 2019, promissory notes were then
issued to PVS on identical terms with a maturity date of 27 November 2021.
These promissory notes provided that PVS would be paid the entire amount of
the transfer of SMG(HK) shares on 27 November 2021 or 30 days after the
completion of the sale and purchase of the SMG(HK) shares. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

Choi Ji Hoon’s 1st Affidavit at paras 56–60.

(d) Funvest entered into a Sale and Purchase Agreement (“SPA”) with ESA on 28
November 2019, for the sale of 8,551,936 SMG(HK) shares to ESA for a total of
KRW17,103,872,000. The payments to Funvest were to be made in three tranches:
(a) KRW3bn to be paid on 28 November 2019; (b) KRW10bn to be paid on 2
December 2019; and (c) the balance of KRW4,103,872,000 to be paid upon
registration of ESA as the legal and beneficial owners of the shares. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

Choi Ji Hoon’s 1st Affidavit at para 61.

This last payment was, however, delayed due to ESA’s financial difficulties
and the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

Choi Ji Hoon’s 1st Affidavit at para 62.

77 The Plaintiff argued that this explanation could not be accepted and that
the proper inference to draw from the undervalue share transfers was that
there was a conspiracy to assist Mr Spackman in evading enforcement against
him by moving his assets away. In support of this, the Plaintiff submitted
that:

(a) Both Funvest and ESA appear to be reluctant to complete the SPA. There
have been six delays in the completion date. Further, ESA has never been
registered as owner of the shares since 29 November 2019, when Funvest had
already executed all the documents required for transferring the shares to
ESA. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

PWS 3430 and 3968 at para 28.

Instead, the Plaintiff has pointed to a number of statements or disclosures
made by entities related to Mr Spackman and SEGL that the arrangement to
partner with ESA was under review and may not proceed. If so, as the Plaintiff
argued, there would no longer be any reason for the sale of SMG(HK) shares to
ESA. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

PWS 3430 and 3968 at paras 29(a), (c).

Further, the Plaintiff highlighted that SEGL and ESA were facing regulatory
issues, and there were concerns raised by regulatory bodies (including the
regulatory arm of the Singapore Exchange), and commentators as to the
transactions between SEGL, SMG(HK) and the BVI Companies. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

PWS 3430 and 3968 at para 29(e); PWS 2058 at paras 30–31.

(b) There were a number of inconsistent accounts given as to the status of
KRW13bn, being the first two tranches of payments under the SPA. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

PWS 3430 and 3968 at para 31.

One account given in Mr Lee Jong Eun’s 1st Affidavit filed on 16 July 2020 on
behalf of Funvest was that Funvest had paid the KRW13bn it received from ESA
to the selling parties, including PVS, pursuant to the arrangements made under
the Alleged Consolidation. In Mr Lee Jong Eun’s own words: 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

Lee Jong Eun’s 1st Affidavit dated 16 July 2020 at para 5.3.1(a).

“[T]wo of three tranches of purchase consideration from ESA (amounting to
KRW13bn) were already received and paid out by Funvest to the selling
parties”. However, in his 4th Affidavit dated 19 August 2020, he sought to
clarify that the payment out of the purchase consideration was through the
issuance of promissory notes. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

Lee Jong Eun’s 4th Affidavit (filed under cover of Yeow Ying Xin Madeline’s
Affidavit dated 19 August 2020) at para 2.1.2.

Instead, Funvest had used the funds received “for investments, to repay loans,
as well as to pay operational expenses.” 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

Lee Jong Eun’s 4th Affidavit at para 2.1.3.

The Plaintiff also referred to an affirmation given by Mr Lee Jong Eun in the
Hong Kong Proceedings on 9 October 2020, in which Mr Lee appeared to change
his position again. He stated there that the consideration received from ESA
was in the form of promissory notes, contradicting his earlier positions that
Funvest had received KRW13bn in cash. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

PWS 3430 and 3968 at para 34.

(c) The Plaintiff argued that the promissory notes could not be treated as
authentic. Funvest had maintained that it received the sum of KRW13bn in cash
and had paid out the same to sellers including PVS. It was only after the ex
parte orders were obtained against PVS that Funvest then claimed that the sum
received was used for various investments, loans and operational expenses.
Funvest itself was a company with minimal assets and was used as a
consolidation vehicle. The promissory notes were also unsecured. It was
difficult to accept that the promissory notes were actually intended to be and
relied upon as authentic payment documents. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

PWS 3430 and 3968 at para 32.

The terms of the promissory notes also appeared to mean that Funvest would
make a loss on the sale of shares to ESA. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

PWS 3430 and 3968 at para 32(e).

(d) The Alleged Consolidation also did not make sense as it added to the cost
of the acquisition of the shares as it incurred additional stamp duties due to
the number of transfers. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

PWS 2058 at para 183.

78 I do not give as much weight to these points as the Plaintiff submitted I
should. While the Plaintiff argued that ESA and Funvest appeared reluctant to
complete the transaction, the Plaintiff also submitted that ESA was facing
significant financial difficulties. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

Transcript 28 October 2020 at p 45, ln 14–17.

I find these two submissions inconsistent. The existence of financial
difficulties on ESA’s part would be a legitimate reason for the transaction
being delayed.

79 Further, I acknowledge that the Plaintiff has raised certain points as to
the Alleged Consolidation and sale to ESA that do call for explanations from
the relevant defendants. However, I do not ultimately find that a good
arguable case of conspiracy has been made out at this stage. Despite the
different positions taken as to the existence or transfer of KRW13bn pursuant
to the SPA, and Funvest’s inconsistent positions on whether this sum was
received and if so, what was done with that sum, I do not find that these
uncertainties are sufficiently directed to the existence of a conspiracy.
While these facts, if accepted, do give rise to doubts about Funvest’s honesty
and credibility, I do not find that there are any concrete links between these
inconsistencies and the conspiracy itself. A mere suspicion of conspiracy
arising from general dishonesty or lack of credibility, in my view, is not
sufficient to make out a good arguable case.

80 In addition, while the Plaintiff has sought to argue that ESA was acting
together with Mr Spackman and SMG(HK), 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

PWS 2058 at para 13(c).

this is only supported by conjecture. There is no credible evidence to suggest
that ESA was somehow involved with Mr Spackman in these transfers. Whilst it
is possible that the remaining entities were the only ones actively engaged in
a conspiracy, and that ESA was an innocent party being used as a convenient
means of carrying out or justifying the conspiracy, this is entirely
speculative.

81 Indeed, while there may be doubts (as regulators had expressed) about the
transfers from the BVI Companies and the transfers to ESA, I do not find that
the Plaintiff has sufficiently shown why the inference to be drawn from those
facts is a conspiracy to injure the Plaintiff. It is equally possible that the
transfers were simply some other business dealings, however potentially
disreputable. That, in my view, is the crux of the difficulty that the
Plaintiff faced. While it is true that conspiracies are often only provable by
inferences, the inferences must be targeted and justified, and not just one of
many possibilities. The latter is speculative, and not at all the basis of a
good arguable case.

82 The fact is that shares from sellers other than the BVI Companies were
involved in the Alleged Consolidation and sale to ESA as well. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

Transcript 28 October 2020 at p 80, ln 11–21.

Indeed, on the present evidence, the Plaintiff has not shown links between
those other sellers and Mr Spackman. Yet, all of the transfers for the Alleged
Consolidation were at undervalue, rendering that fact equivocal in the
circumstances. Given that it has not been shown that ESA was also acting in
cahoots with the defendants, the transactions did have the appearance of a
commercial transaction with independent parties involved. The mere fact that
Mr Spackman may have evaded paying his judgment debts does not mean that every
commercial transaction that he (or any entity with tangential relationship
with him) enters into is part of that process of evasion. In addition, the
incurring of additional stamp duties which the Plaintiff emphasised may well
have been necessitated by the preference that some of the sellers had for
dealing with a Singapore-incorporated company, requiring the involvement of
Funvest. While there were elements of the defendants’ explanations that gave
rise to difficulties, I do not think that an allegation of conspiracy can be
made out on those difficulties alone.

The Enforcement Claim and loss for the purposes of the Conspiracy Claims

83 For completeness, I turn then to PVS’s argument that because the underlying
Enforcement Claim could not succeed due to the limitation period expiring
under s 6(1)(a) of the Limitation Act (Cap 163, 1996 Rev Ed), no loss was
actually caused to the Plaintiff if he could not enforce the Judgments in
Singapore, and a crucial element of the Conspiracy Claims would not be
satisfied. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

Transcript 5 November 2020 at p 14, ln 2–16.

84 The Plaintiff’s primary response was essentially that the quality of the
Judgments and the Enforcement Claim was independent of the Conspiracy Claims.
108

##### Foot Note 108

×

Transcript 5 November 2020 at p 110, ln 25–29; PWS 3430 and 3968 at para 51.

While I accept that, as a matter of pleadings, the Plaintiff did not make the
Conspiracy Claims contingent on the Enforcement Claim, 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

Transcript 4 November 2020 at p 45, ln 18–19.

I see the force in PVS’s argument that if the Judgments could not be enforced
in Singapore, then no loss will have been caused, since it is not otherwise
suggested that the dealings with the SMG(HK) shares were such as to prevent
enforcement in Korea or New York, or in any other jurisdiction. This is a
separate question from whether the tortious claim is a form of primary
liability in and of itself and not secondary to the enforcement of the
Judgments, which I accept: see JSC BTA Bank v Ablyazov and another (No 14)
[2020] AC 727 (“JSC”) at [9].

85 The Plaintiff’s other argument on limitation, then, is its reliance on s 29
of the Limitation Act. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

Transcript 4 November 2020 at p 50, ln 31 to p 51, ln 4; Reply (Amendment No
3) at para 19(c).

Section 29(1) of the Limitation Act reads:

29.—(1) Where, in the case of any action for which a period of limitation is
prescribed by this Act —

(a) the action is based on the fraud of the defendant or his agent or of any
person through whom he claims or his agent;

(b) the right of action is concealed by the fraud of any such person as
aforesaid; or

(c) the action is for relief from the consequences of a mistake,

the period of limitation shall not begin to run until the plaintiff has
discovered the fraud or the mistake, as the case may be, or could with
reasonable diligence have discovered it.

86 The Plaintiff argued that due to Mr Spackman’s fraud, concealment and/or
dissipation of assets, he was only able to discover Mr Spackman’s assets in
Singapore on or about 1 October 2018. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

SOC at para 24.

I find that there is a good arguable case that s 29 of the Limitation Act
would apply. Indeed, apart from raising the issue of limitation and noting the
high threshold for s 29 of the Limitation Act, Funvest did not appear to
seriously contend that there was no good arguable case that s 29 would apply.
112

##### Foot Note 112

×

Transcript 5 November 2020 at p 9, ln 1–6.

87 As for the other contentions that the Enforcement Claim would fail, I find
that there is a good arguable case that the Korean Judgments would be enforced
in Singapore. I accept that foreign default judgments that are final and
conclusive can be enforced in Singapore, as the High Court held in Eleven
Gessellschaft Zur Entwicklung Und Vermaktung Von Netzwerktechonologien MBH v
Boxsentry Pte Ltd [2014] SGHC 210 at [79] (see also Humpuss Sea Transport Pte
Ltd (in compulsory liquidation) v PT Humpuss Intermoda Transportasi TBK and
another [2016] 5 SLR 1322 at [77]). The Korean Judgments are clearly final and
conclusive, and no further recourse can be had against them in the Korean
courts. Hence, I find that a good arguable case for enforcement has been made
out. Once again, I state for the avoidance of doubt that the merits of the
Enforcement Claim is a matter for the trial judge to determine after trial.

The initial ownership of the SMG(HK) shares

88 PVS also raised an argument that no intention to cause injury (predominant
or otherwise) can be shown because the Plaintiff has not proven that the
SMG(HK) shares belonged to Mr Spackman. As such, they argued, the dealings in
the SMG(HK) shares could not be said to be intended to frustrate any
enforcement of judgment debts (which are personal) against Mr Spackman. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

PVS Subs at paras 98–107.

The Plaintiff naturally argued that the shares can be traced back to Mr
Spackman.

89 I find that the Plaintiff can show a good arguable case that the shares
were initially owned by Mr Spackman through GD Enterprise, either directly or
indirectly. It is not disputed that the SMG(HK) shares in question were all
held by GD Enterprise prior to the series of transfers that form the basis of
the present dispute. The connection between Mr Spackman and GD Enterprise
alleged by the Plaintiff is based on Triolink, which was apparently acting as
the entity which gave instructions to GD Enterprise’s registered agent. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

Plaintiff’s 7th Affidavit at para 41.

When the Plaintiff’s Hong Kong solicitors visited the premises of Triolink,
the solicitors were apparently told by an employee of Triolink that Mr
Spackman was the owner of GD Enterprise. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

Plaintiff’s 7th Affidavit at paras 42-43.

For completeness, I observe that as these are interlocutory proceedings,
affidavits may contain hearsay evidence if the sources and grounds of the
information or belief is stated (see O 41 r 5(2) of the ROC), which
requirement is satisfied here. The question of whether this link can be proved
at trial is a different one. Furthermore, while Mr Kim is stated to be the
director and owner of GD Enterprise, I find that Mr Kim’s relationship with Mr
Spackman casts some doubt on his independence as a matter of reality, given
the other evidence above. In the circumstances, I find that there is a good
arguable case that the SMG(HK) shares were Mr Spackman’s assets through GD
Enterprise.

Has the Plaintiff shown a good arguable case and/or a serious issue to be
tried?

90 In my judgment, the Plaintiff has not shown a good arguable case that PVS
and Funvest were involved in a conspiracy as alleged. A number of parties
other than PVS and the BVI Companies participated in the commercial
transaction in which the shares were to be consolidated and sold on to ESA.
There does not appear to me to be concrete evidence of a relationship between
Mr Spackman and the BVI Companies on the one hand, and PVS and Funvest on the
other. The timing of the transfers also did not provide strong support for the
Plaintiff’s contentions. In addition, there is no reason, in my view, to
suggest that ESA was involved in any conspiracy, and if that is the case, it
would also be difficult to suggest that the other entities were simply using
the sale of shares to ESA as a convenient means of conducting their
conspiracy.

91 For completeness, I also discuss the issue of intention. In order for the
Plaintiff to rely on lawful means conspiracy, he has to show that there is a
good arguable case that the predominant intention of PVS and Funvest was to
injure him. Here, the Plaintiff faces an obstacle. The authority that the
Plaintiff relied upon substantially in this case went against his argument on
the predominant intention. In JSC, the claimant bank had brought an action for
conspiracy against the defendants, alleging that the defendants were hiding Mr
Ablyazov’s assets. As the UK Supreme Court noted at [16]:

The bank does not of course contend that the defendants’ predominant purpose
in hiding Mr Ablyazov’s assets was to injure it. Their predominant purpose was
clearly to further Mr Ablyazov’s financial interests as they conceived them to
be.

The same logic applies here. PVS and Funvest were not predominantly intending
to injure the Plaintiff so much as to serve Mr Spackman’s interests (assuming
that the allegations are true). That would not suffice for the tort of lawful
means conspiracy, and I therefore find that no good arguable case can be made
on that ground.

92 On the facts, I do not find that next part of the UK Supreme Court’s
reasoning at [16] of JSC applies in this case:

At the same time, damage to the bank was not just incidental to what they
conspired to do. It was necessarily intended. The freezing order and the
receivership order had been made on the application of the bank for the
purpose of protecting its right of recovery in the event of the claims
succeeding. The object of the conspiracy and the overt acts done pursuant to
it was to prevent the bank from enforcing its judgments against Mr Ablyazov,
and the benefit to him was exactly concomitant with the detriment to the bank
as both defendants must have appreciated. In principle, therefore, we conclude
the cause of action in conspiracy to injure the bank by unlawful means is made
out.

In that case, the transfers were arguably in contempt of court, and the
Supreme Court held that these constituted unlawful means: JSC at [16] and
[24].

93 I am unable to find an agreement between PVS and Funvest, and the other
defendants to cause injury to the Plaintiff. Given the absence of concrete
evidence showing a link between PVS/Funvest and the other defendants, it is
not clear to me that PVS and Funvest could be said to have the same intention
in dealing with the SMG(HK) shares. I also do not find that there is a good
arguable case that PVS and Funvest agreed to using unlawful means
specifically. The Plaintiff relies on the following three unlawful means to
cause injury, as pleaded: 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

SOC at para 27.

(a) to defraud the Plaintiff and/or to conceal/dissipate/dispose of [Mr
Spackman’s] Assets in order to make [Mr Spackman] judgment-proof and prevent
payment of the judgment debts due to the Plaintiff under the Seoul High Court
Judgment, Korean Supreme Court Judgment and/or the New York Judgment;

(b) to dissipate/dispose of [Mr Spackman’s] Assets in breach of freezing
injunctions which the Plaintiff obtained; and/or

(c) [Mr Kim] breached his fiduciary duties owed to the BVI Companies.

94 The first alleged unlawful means does not satisfy the requirements for
unlawful means. There is no description of why the concealment, dissipation or
disposal of assets was unlawful. That first ground is a description, rather,
of the conspiracy, and the question must be why those transfers were unlawful.
As for the second alleged unlawful means, the existing BVI Injunctions were
targeted only at the BVI Companies. Given my views above, I am unable to
conclude that PVS and Funvest either knew of the BVI Injunctions or intended
to breach the BVI Injunctions and to use that as the instrumentality by which
the Plaintiff was to be injured. As for the third ground, it is not entirely
clear to me how these breaches of director’s duties could be established if it
is true that the companies were used simply to effect the transfers in line
with the conspiracy, and in any event, given my findings above, I also do not
think a good arguable case can be made that PVS and Funvest intended that the
transfers in breach of directors’ duties would be used to injure the
Plaintiff.

95 In my view, for the same reasons, no serious issue has been raised to be
tried in this case. I do recognise that this is a lower standard than the
requirement that there be a good arguable case which applies to Mareva
injunctions, but I find that the Plaintiff’s case, being largely speculative
as against PVS and Funvest, does not give rise to a serious issue to be tried.

SUM 2058/2020

96 Having considered the factual background, I turn for completeness to the
other requirements for the interim injunction and the Mareva injunction, in
relation to Funvest.

The interim injunction

97 I am of the view that an interim injunction under either O 29 r 1 or O 29 r
2 of the ROC is not appropriate in these circumstances. The fundamental
problem that the Plaintiff faces is that these injunctions are not intended to
provide the kind of relief that the Plaintiff actually seeks against Funvest.
I deal with each of these in turn.

98 In relation to O 29 r 1 of the ROC, the authorities are clear that an
injunction attaching to certain properties or assets, or the traceable
proceeds thereof, is rightly considered a proprietary injunction. I accept
that not all injunctions under O 29 r 1 are proprietary in nature, and that
certain injunctions do enjoin a party from acting in a certain manner.
However, from the way that Draft Order A in SUM 2058/2020 has been framed, it
is clear to me in substance that the injunction would prevent dealings with
particular assets or traceable proceeds thereof, and that would amount to a
proprietary injunction. I set the wording of Draft Order A in SUM 2058/2020
out, as relevant:

1\. [Funvest] be restrained, whether by itself, its directors, officers,
employees and/or agents, from:

a. selling and/or transferring the 6,353,968 shares in [SMG(HK)] currently in
Funvest’s possession to any other party;

b. moving out of Singapore, or disposing of, or dealing with, or diminishing,
in any way, the sum of KRW12,707,936,000 (being the sale proceeds of the said
6,353,968 [SMG(HK)] shares at KRW2,000 per share (“Sale Proceeds”)) in the
event all or part of the 6,353,968 [SMG(HK)] shares have been
sold/transferred;

c. causing the Sale Proceeds or any part thereof to be transferred by [ESA]
(or any party nominated by it or acting on its behalf) directly to any third
party.

…

99 As the Court of Appeal held in Bouvier at [144]:

An interlocutory proprietary injunction … is granted in support of a claim for
proprietary relief. It is a prohibitory injunction that fastens on the
specific asset in which the plaintiff asserts a proprietary interest. It
prevents the defendant, pending the resolution of the dispute, from dealing
with that asset and its traceable proceeds. …

Indeed, in Bouvier, the plaintiffs were seeking the proprietary injunctions to
support only one part of their claims – they were relying on equitable
proprietary interests on the basis of a constructive trust imposed on secret
profits, but did not seek to rely on their other personal claims of breach of
fiduciary duties, knowing assistance or knowing receipt to justify the
proprietary injunction (Bouvier at [145]).

100 This distinction was helpfully summarised by the High Court in Sia Chin
Sun v Yong Wai Poh (Sia Tze Ming, non-party) [2019] 3 SLR 1168 at [48]:

As explained by the Court of Appeal in Bouvier, Yves Charles Edgar v Accent
Delight International Ltd [2015] 5 SLR 558 (‘Bouvier’) at [144], a proprietary
injunction is a relief that ‘fastens on the specific asset’ in which the
plaintiff asserts a proprietary interest, and prevents the defendant from
dealing with that asset and its traceable proceeds. The applicable test would
be that set out in American Cyanamid Co v Ethicon Ltd [1975] AC 396 (‘American
Cyanamid’). In contrast, as set out in Bouvier at [143], a Mareva injunction
is granted in support of a claim for personal relief, which does not latch on
to any specific asset of the defendant, but prevents the defendant from
disposing of his assets beyond a certain value to defeat a possible judgment
that may be rendered against him. [emphasis added in bold italics]

101 The claim against Funvest is not a proprietary claim on the basis of any
interest in the shares or the proceeds thereof. There is therefore no basis
for such an interim injunction as that sought in Draft Order A to SUM
2058/2020 to be ordered against Funvest. Put another way, the substantive
claim against Funvest would not, even if successful, entitle the Plaintiff to
relief in respect of the shares and/or the traceable proceeds thereof
specifically. Instead, it would entitle them to damages that can be assessed.
Given the nature of the claim, which is personal and sounding in damages, it
cannot be right to grant the Plaintiff a proprietary injunction at this stage
in the proceedings. The only alternative to this analysis would be to treat
the injunction as a quia timet injunction, but this was not advanced by the
Plaintiff (and would be inconsistent with his claim that the tort had already
been committed) and I say no more about this possibility.

102 I turn then to O 29 r 2 of the ROC. As this issue turns on the
interpretation of O 29 r 2, I set out the relevant provisions again:

Detention, preservation, etc., of subject-matter of cause or matter (O. 29, r.
2)

2.—(1) On the application of any party to a cause or matter, the Court may
make an order for the detention, custody or preservation of any property which
is the subject-matter of the cause or matter, or as to which any question may
arise therein, or for the inspection of any such property in the possession of
a party to the cause or matter.

(2) For the purpose of enabling any order under paragraph (1) to be carried
out, the Court may by the order authorise any person to enter upon any
immovable property in the possession of any party to the cause or matter.

(3) Where the right of any party to a specific fund is in dispute in a cause
or matter, the Court may, on the application of a party to the cause or
matter, order the fund to be paid into Court or otherwise secured.

(4) An order under this Rule may be made on such terms, if any, as the Court
thinks just.

…

103 Order 29 r 2(1) of the ROC, on a plain reading of the rule, comprises two
different categories of orders:

(a) An order for the detention, custody or preservation of property,

(i) which is the subject-matter of the cause or matter; or

(ii) as to which any question may arise therein; or

(b) An order for the inspection of any such property in the possession of a
party to the cause or matter.

104 Based on the draft order attached to SUM 2058/2020, if one were to put the
Plaintiff’s application in the language of O 29 r 2(1) of the ROC, the
Plaintiff is seeking an order for the detention, custody or preservation of
the property in question, ie, the shares in SMG(HK) and/or the sales proceeds
thereof. To support this application of O 29 r 2 to the present case, the
Plaintiff argued that O 29 r 2 had a wider application than simply cases of
proprietary interests over the property in question, and that it extended to
any property as to which a question may be raised. This included the shares
and/or sales proceeds in the present case as the Conspiracy Claims involved
those properties. To support this proposition, the Plaintiff cited a number of
cases where O 29 r 2 or its equivalent was employed even where there was no
proprietary claim.

105 In my judgment, the Plaintiff cannot rely on O 29 r 2(1) of the ROC for
the injunction it seeks in the present case. I deal with the application in
two parts, as it relates to the shares and as it relates to the sales proceeds
thereof. Insofar as the application relates to the sales proceeds, it is clear
that O 29 r 2(1) has no application – it has been held that “property” under O
29 r 2(1) of the ROC does not include choses in action (see Bocotra
Construction Pte Ltd and others v Attorney-General [1995] 2 SLR(R) 282 at
[50]–[51] and UCMI Ltd v Tokio Marine & Fire Insurance Co (Singapore) Pte Ltd
and others [2006] 4 SLR(R) 95 at [27]–[28]), and it is trite that a right to
monies in a bank account is a chose in action (see Lipkin Gorman v Karpnale
Ltd [1991] 2 AC 548 at 574; Wee Chiaw Sek Anna v Ng Li-Ann Genevieve (sole
executrix of the estate of Ng Hock Seng, deceased) and another [2013] 3 SLR
801 at [113]). There is no suggestion that the sales proceeds referred to in
this case were or are held in any other manner than as monies in a bank
account. Therefore, no order can be made under O 29 r 2(1) of the ROC in
respect of the sale proceeds. If the application pertains to a specific fund,
the appropriate provision is under O 29 r 2(3) of the ROC, but the Plaintiff
has not characterised his application as being under that provision 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

See Transcript 28 October 2020 at p 50, ln 18–26.

and has not addressed the applicability of that rule. There is also a doubt,
as Funvest argued, as to whether the sale proceeds in question have been
intermingled. Given how the Plaintiff’s case was run, I do not deal with O 29
r 2(3) any further.

106 I turn then to the application as it relates to the shares. I proceed on
the assumption (without coming to a conclusion) that shares may be treated as
“property” under O 29 r 2(1) of the ROC. Even if I accepted that part of the
Plaintiff’s contention, it seems clear to me that this was not a case where an
order under O 29 r 2(1) of the ROC can be made in respect of the shares.
First, I do not find that the shares in this case are the subject-matter of
the claim or matter. The tortious claims against the relevant defendants in
unlawful or lawful means conspiracy are focused on the agreement and actions
of the defendants. That the alleged conspiracy centred around these shares in
SMG(HK) does not render these shares the subject-matter of the claim or matter
– apart from their provenance and alleged relationship to Mr Spackman (which
are separate facts as to the history of the transactions and not one
concerning the shares themselves), there is nothing specific to the shares
which connects the shares to the tortious claim. I state here for avoidance of
doubt that this is an exercise that needs to be undertaken on the facts of
each case and I do not base my reasoning here only on the fact that the
tortious claim is not a proprietary one.

107 Second, the Plaintiff has not adequately shown how there may be a question
arising in the claim or matter in relation to the shares themselves. The
Plaintiff has not alleged before me that he requires the shares themselves for
the purposes of establishing the Conspiracy Claims, or that some question
arises in relation to the shares specifically as opposed to questions arising
generally surrounding the shares and the transactions related to the shares.
Put another way, it is not clear why the shares themselves would be needed as
part of the suit. There is a need to “establish a sufficiently real connection
between the issues in action and the property that is the subject of the
application”: UCMI at [34]. The Plaintiff has not established this connection
in his application before me and mere assertions to that effect are certainly
not enough. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

Plaintiff’s 7th Affidavit at paras 124, 131, 139.

108 The authorities cited by the Plaintiff do not, in the final analysis,
assist the Plaintiff. I deal with each of them in turn.

(a) Revenue and Customs Commissioners and another v Ben Nevis (Holdings) Ltd
and others [2012] EWHC 1807 (Ch) (“Ben Nevis”) concerned a claim under s 423
of the UK’s Insolvency Act 1986 for a fund of £7.8m which had been transferred
by the first defendant to the second defendant’s bank account after the first
defendant was investigated for tax evasion. The claim sought to make the fund
available for partial satisfaction of a tax recovery claim. The English High
Court allowed the claim under the Insolvency Act. In my view, I am unable to
see how that authority is relevant here. The proposition relied upon by the
Plaintiff at [71] of Ben Nevis was made specifically in relation to the relief
under the Insolvency Act (UK) and does not stand for a general proposition
that an injunction can be granted over specific assets in the general course
of things in the absence of a proprietary claim. In any event, in that
situation, it would seem that the monies may be considered a specific fund
over which there is a dispute under O 29 r 2(3) of the ROC.

(b) In Unilever plc v Pearce [1985] FSR 475 (“Unilever”), the English Patent
Court granted an order allowing inspection of machinery in a claim for
infringement of a patent, on the basis that it was property as to which a
question may arise under O 29 r 2(1) of the UK Rules of the Supreme Court as
was in force at the time, and was in pari materia with O 29 r 2(1) of the ROC.
However, that case is clearly different. Although the claim was not a
proprietary one, the very property and the specific characteristics of the
property, in that case, machinery allegedly used in the offending
manufacturing process, were exactly the issues in the claim. That was in the
very nature of a patent infringement claim, since the allegation was that the
use of that machinery in the alleged manner was the source of at least part of
the infringement: Unilever at 485. Hence, the court could conclude that the
machinery in question would be “machinery or equipment (ie, a physical
‘property’) as to which a question or questions may, and, indeed, almost
certainly will arise in the action”: at 485. The same cannot be said of the
shares in the present case, where nothing appears to turn on the specific
characteristics of the shares themselves (as opposed to facts surrounding the
shares which are dealt with by other sources of evidence).

(c) Similarly, in Towa Corporation v ASM Technology Singapore Pte Ltd and
another [2014] SGHCR 16, the claim was an infringement of a patent. The
application concerned, inter alia, inspection of the machine by which the
infringement was allegedly occasioned: at [1]. Again, that is a case where a
question or questions may arise as to the property, given the centrality of
specific characteristics of the property to the claim. Ultimately, the
application did not succeed in that case because the High Court found that the
plaintiff had failed to establish a genuine and substantial issue to be tried:
at [47].

109 The Plaintiff’s reference to Anton Piller orders (what is now known as a
“search order”) is also, in my view, misplaced. First, as a matter of
clarification, O 29 r 2 is not seen as the basis of the Anton Piller
jurisdiction. Rather, as the learned authors describe it in the White Book at
para 29/3/2, the Anton Piller jurisdiction “complements” the rules in O 29 rr
2 and 3. Second, the purpose of a search order is to prevent a defendant from
frustrating the process of justice and to preserve the subject-matter of a
claim as well as documents that may relate to the cause of action (White Book
at para 29/1/6). That purpose does not apply to the shares or the sales
proceeds in this case and whatever may be said about the scope of a search
order does not translate to the present context. In any event, a similar
inquiry has to be undertaken as to the connection of the property in question
to the cause of action when a search order is considered, and for the same
reasons above, I do not think the requirement would be satisfied in relation
to the shares and/or sale proceeds thereof.

110 For these reasons, I am unable to grant the orders for an interim
injunction under either O 29 r 1 or r 2 of the ROC as sought by the Plaintiff
against Funvest. Given my views on the inapplicability of O 29 rr 1 and 2 in
the present case, I do not go on to discuss the requirements for the court’s
exercise of discretion in granting such an injunction.

Mareva injunction

111 Apart from the requirement of a good arguable case, the other criterion
for the granting of a Mareva injunction which Funvest disputes is the
requirement of a real risk of dissipation of assets. Given how the arguments
have been run in this case, the following warning from the Court of Appeal in
Bouvier at [93] and [94] bears repeating:

93 … In our judgment, if there is a unifying principle that can adequately
rationalise and explain the circumstances in which a court may legitimately
infer a real risk of dissipation from nothing more than a good arguable case
of dishonesty, it is this – the alleged dishonesty must be of such a nature
that it has a real and material bearing on the risk of dissipation. It will be
evident from our analysis of the cases that it is in such circumstances that
the courts have been willing to draw the necessary inference. This is sensible
because whether or not such an inference may be drawn is ultimately a question
of fact. In assessing whether the inference is warranted as a matter of fact,
it is appropriate, in our judgment, for the court to segregate the two
questions (ie, whether there is a good arguable case on the merits of the
plaintiff’s claim and whether it has been shown that there is a real risk of
dissipation) and answer them separately. We accept that the evidence relied on
to answer the first question may be the same as that relied on to answer the
second. But, once the inquiries are segregated, it will be clear that whether
the evidence pertinent to the first stage of the inquiry is sufficient also
for the purposes of the second stage is an assessment that cannot – and
emphatically must not – be made mechanistically; and in that context, if an
allegation of dishonesty is all that is relied on, that allegation must be
such as to say enough about a real risk of dissipation in the circumstances.

94 In our judgment, a well-substantiated allegation that a defendant has acted
dishonestly can and often will, as we have said, be relevant to whether there
is a real risk that the defendant may dissipate his assets. But, we reiterate
that in each case, it is incumbent on the court to examine the precise nature
of the dishonesty that is alleged and the strength of the evidence relied on
in support of the allegation, keeping fully in mind that the proceedings are
only at an interlocutory stage and assessing, in that light, whether there is
sufficient basis to find a real risk of dissipation. That alone is the
justification which lies at the heart of the court’s jurisdiction to grant
Mareva injunctions. An allegation of dishonesty does not in itself form a
substitute for an examination of the degree of risk of dissipation unless, as
we have said, that allegation is of a nature or characteristic that
sufficiently bears upon the risk of dissipation. …

[emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added in bold italics]

112 I acknowledge the Plaintiff’s argument that in this case, the allegations
of dishonesty are not general and go towards the risk of dissipation. This is
because the very nature of the conspiracy was a conspiracy to dissipate assets
for Mr Spackman, suggesting that there would be a similar risk in relation to
the conspirators’ own assets. Indeed, the Court of Appeal in Bouvier was not
rejecting the relevance of dishonesty to the question of a real risk of
dissipation, but was clarifying only that the allegation had to “sufficiently
bear[] upon the risk of dissipation”.

113 However, given my views on the factual basis of the Plaintiff’s argument,
I find that any dishonesty in this case (which gives rise to some of the
doubts as to specific transfers and the ESA arrangement) is only a generalised
dishonesty that does not have a direct bearing on the risk of dissipation.
Further, the specific arguments raised by the Plaintiff 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

PWS 2058 at paras 223–229.

in this regard are all premised (and understandably so) on the basis that he
had successfully established a good arguable case on the Conspiracy Claims. As
it is not necessary for my determination, I do not go on to consider the other
factors which the Plaintiff argues shows a real risk of dissipation. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

Transcript 4 November 2020 at pp 52 at ln 21–54 at ln 19.

Disclosure orders

114 The Plaintiff’s case on the disclosure orders is contingent on there being
an injunction ordered against Funvest. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

Transcript 5 November 2020 at p 130, ln 5–9.

As such, I do not deal with this any further. Any specific discovery or
interrogatories that the Plaintiff would wish to seek from Funvest should be
done in an appropriate application given that Funvest is now a party to these
proceedings.

SUM 3040/2020 and SUM 3968/2020

The interim injunctions

115 For the reasons already expressed above at [97]–[110], I also find that
there is no basis for granting interim injunctions against PVS. The same
considerations above apply since the tortious claim against PVS is in similar
terms as the claim against Funvest, and the shares and/or sale proceeds play a
similar role in these proceedings.

Mareva injunctions

116 The Plaintiff’s primary argument here is that it follows from the
Plaintiff’s establishing of a good arguable case in the Conspiracy Claims that
there is a real risk of dissipation. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

PWS 2058 at para; Transcript 4 November 2020 at p 54, ln 17-19.

As I do not find that a good arguable case has been made out, the Plaintiff’s
case on this element of dissipation is also not satisfied. I therefore decline
to grant the Mareva injunction sought for against PVS.

117 It also follows, given how the proceedings have turned out, that I
discharge the ex parte Mareva injunction ordered in ORC 4421/2020 and ORC
4424/2020. I also grant PVS liberty to apply for further orders for an inquiry
to be made as to the amount, if any, of damages which they have sustained by
reason of the orders, and that such damages be paid by the Plaintiff to PVS. I
note that PVS would have to address the question of why an inquiry should be
ordered in that application. As such, I make no findings on that in this
judgment.

Disclosure orders

118 For the same reasons as stated at [114] above, I do not make the
disclosure orders sought by the Plaintiff.

Conclusion

119 For the above reasons, I find that there is no basis for either interim
injunctions in the manner sought by the Plaintiff or Mareva injunctions
against Funvest or PVS. I also conclude that the ex parte Mareva injunctions
against PVS should be discharged. Given my views, I do not go on to deal with
whether any distinction ought to be drawn between the merits of the
enforcement of the Korean Judgments as opposed to the enforcement of the New
York Judgment in the Enforcement Claim.

120 I will hear counsel on the appropriate orders to be made, costs, and any
consequential applications. Parties are to provide to the Registry within
three days of this judgment a common date for a half-day hearing in the week
commencing 1 March 2021 for this hearing. Written submissions, limited to 10
pages (excluding exhibits, documents and case authorities) are to be filed and
served three days before the hearing.

Tan Puay Boon  
Judicial Commissioner|  
---|---  
  
Lin Weiqi Wendy, Leow Jiamin, Chen Chi and Tang Xi-Rui Charlotte
(WongPartnership LLP) for the plaintiff;

Ong Boon Hwee William, Ong Chin Kiat, Ngiam Hian San Laura (Yan Xianshan) and
Tan Xeauwei (Allen & Gledhill LLP) for the first defendant (watching brief);

Joseph Tay Weiwen, Zhang Yiting, Lee I-Lin and Sheryl Tan (Shook Lin & Bok
LLP) for the fifth defendant;

Lok Vi Ming SC, Jonathan Muk, Marie Ravindran, Aditi Ravi and Madeline Chan
(LVM Law Chambers LLC) for the seventh to ninth defendants.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 01 Mar 2021 (09:28 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

