Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC 226

Magistrate’s Appeal No 9882 of 2020/01

Between

| Wong Jing Ho, Samuel  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

Grounds of decision

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Sentencing] — [Benchmark sentences] —
[Appeal against sentence imposed for dealing with duty unpaid cigarettes under
s 128I(1)(b), punishable under s 128L(4) of the Customs Act (Cap 70, 2004 Rev
Ed)] — [Whether the sentencing frameworks for ss 128F and 128H applied to s
128I(1)(b) of the Customs Act]

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Sentencing] — [Principles] — [Appellant
charged with dealing with duty unpaid cigarettes] — [Relevant sentencing
considerations] — [Whether sentence imposed was manifestly excessive]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Wong Jing Ho Samuel

  
v

  

Public Prosecutor

[2021] SGHC 226

General Division of the High Court — Magistrate’s Appeal No 9882 of 2020/01  
Vincent Hoong J  
19 May 2021

30 September 2021

Vincent Hoong J:

1 This appeal raised, among others, the issue of what the appropriate
sentencing framework for offences under s 128I(1)(b) of the Customs Act (Cap
70, 2004 Rev Ed) should be. The provision states as follows:

Offences in relation to possession, storage, conveying and harbouring of goods

128I.—(1) Any person who —

…

(b) is in any way concerned in conveying, removing, depositing or dealing with
any dutiable, uncustomed or prohibited goods with intent to defraud the
Government of any customs duty or excise duty thereon, or to evade any of the
provisions of this Act; or

…

shall be guilty of an offence.

[emphasis in original in bold; emphasis added in italics]

2 Section 128I(1)(b) is a “specified offence”, as defined under s 128L(7) of
the Customs Act. For a “specified offence” involving tobacco products
exceeding 2kg in weight, the prescribed punishment is set out in s 128L(4) of
the Customs Act:

(4) Any person who is guilty of any specified offence involving goods
consisting wholly or partly of relevant tobacco products shall, if such
tobacco products exceed 2 kilogrammes in weight, be liable on conviction —

(a) to a fine of —

(i) not less than 15 times the amount of the customs duty, excise duty or tax
the payment of which would have been evaded by the commission of the offence,
subject to a minimum of $1,000; and

(ii) not more than 20 times the amount of the customs duty, excise duty or tax
the payment of which would have been so evaded or $10,000, whichever is the
greater amount; or

(b) to imprisonment for a term not exceeding 3 years,

or to both.

3 The appellant in this case was caught dealing with 12 cartons of duty unpaid
cigarettes (“C1”), weighing 2.180kg, and pleaded guilty to two offences under
s 128I(1)(b) of the Customs Act. The District Judge (“DJ”) imposed a global
sentence of nine weeks’ imprisonment as follows:

(a) The first charge (“the Excise Duty Charge”) concerned the appellant’s
failure to pay excise duty of $1,024.80 for the 2.180kg of cigarettes he dealt
with, which was punishable under s 128L(4) of the Customs Act. A sentence of
nine weeks’ imprisonment was imposed; 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Charge sheet for Excise Duty Charge: Record of Proceedings (“ROP”) at p 4;
District Judge’s Grounds of Decision (“GD”) [2020] SGDC 282 at [23]: ROP at p
56.

(b) The second charge (“the GST Charge”) concerned the appellant’s failure to
pay Goods and Services Tax (“GST”) of $82.98 for C1 with intent to defraud the
government. C1 was valued at $1,185.36. By virtue of ss 26 and 77 of the Goods
and Services Tax Act (Cap 117A, 2005 Rev Ed), paragraph 3 of the Goods and
Services Tax (Application of Legislation Relating to Customs and Excise
Duties) Order (2009 Rev Ed) and paragraph 2 of the Goods and Services Tax
(Application of Customs Act) (Provisions on Trials, Proceedings, Offences and
Penalties) Order (2001 Rev Ed), this was an offence under s 128I(1)(b) of the
Customs Act, punishable under s 128L(4) of the same Act. The DJ imposed one
week’s imprisonment for this offence and ordered it to run concurrently with
the custodial term for the Excise Duty Charge. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Charge sheet for GST Charge: ROP at p 6; GD at [23]: ROP at p 56.

4 The appellant appealed against his sentence. In summary, he submitted that
nine weeks’ imprisonment was manifestly excessive. Among other reasons, the
appellant argued that the DJ misapplied the sentencing framework in Public
Prosecutor v Pang Shuo [2016] 3 SLR 903 (“Pang Shuo”) and Yap Ah Lai v Public
Prosecutor [2014] 3 SLR 180 (“Yap Ah Lai”) and failed to give appropriate
weight to various aggravating and mitigating factors. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Petition of Appeal dated 5 January 2021 at paras 3(a)(ii) and 3(d): ROP at pp
15, 17.

5 After considering the parties’ submissions, I dismissed the appeal. These
are my grounds of decision.

Facts

6 Since October 2019, the appellant had been purchasing duty unpaid cigarettes
from one “yaozhenxi521YS” (“the Seller”) via the “WeChat” mobile application.
The duty unpaid cigarettes were sold by the Seller at $39 to $50 per carton
depending on the brand of cigarettes, or at a bulk order price of $39 per
carton with a minimum order of ten cartons. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Statement of Facts (“SOF”) at para 3: ROP at p 8.

7 After completing his first purchase with the Seller, the appellant started
consolidating orders for such cigarettes from three of his friends. He set up
a “WhatsApp” group chat named “Stock Up” with these three friends in it to
facilitate communication relating to their orders from the Seller. The
appellant charged his friends $50 per carton of cigarettes that he obtained
from the Seller.

8 The appellant would first inform his friends of the cigarette variants being
sold. The appellant’s friends would then place their orders and make payment
to him. After the appellant placed the order for himself and his friends with
the Seller on WeChat, the Seller would arrange for the order to be delivered
to the appellant by an unknown person. After the cigarettes were delivered,
the appellant informed his friends to collect them from his residence. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

SOF at para 3: ROP at p 9.

9 On the afternoon of 9 October 2020, the appellant ordered C1 from the
Seller, which consisted of 12 cartons of 200 sticks of Texas 5 cigarettes. C1
was a consolidated order for the appellant and his friends. On 10 October
2020, at or about 6.00pm, the appellant was informed by a phone call that C1
would be delivered to him at Block 122 Bukit Batok Central, Singapore, at
about 7.00pm. At about 7.07pm, the appellant met up with the delivery man,
later established to be one Chan Choon Kuin (“Chan”), collected C1 from Chan
and kept it in a red plastic bag. The appellant handed Chan $468. After the
appellant and Chan parted ways, customs officers moved in to detain the
appellant and Chan. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

SOF at para 4: ROP at p 9.

Chan was detained. The appellant attempted to flee whilst still carrying the
red plastic bag containing C1. The appellant was eventually apprehended and C1
was recovered from him. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

SOF at para 2: ROP at p 8.

10 The appellant admitted to knowledge and ownership of the duty unpaid
cigarettes found, and further admitted that he had just received C1 from Chan.
8

##### Foot Note 8

×

SOF at para 2: ROP at p 8.

He also knew that the excise duty and GST leviable on C1 were unpaid at the
time of the offences. C1 contained 2.180kg of cigarettes. The excise duty
leviable on C1 was $1,024.80. The GST leviable on the same was $82.98. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

SOF at paras 5–6: ROP at p 9.

11 In light of the amount of duties evaded, under s 128L(4) of the Customs
Act, as regards the Excise Duty Charge, the available punishment was:

(a) a fine ranging from $15,372 to $20,496 (ie, 15 to 20 times the amount of
excise duty as stated in ss 128L(4)(a)(i) and 128L(4)(a)(ii) respectively);

(b) imprisonment for a term not exceeding three years (s 128L(4)(b)); or

(c) both.

12 As regards the GST Charge, the available punishment was:

(a) A fine ranging from $1,244.70 to $10,000 (ie, 15 times the amount of tax
evaded to the upper limit set out in s 128L(4)(a)(ii) Customs Act);

(b) imprisonment for a term not exceeding three years; or

(c) both.

13 The appellant did not have any similar antecedents. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

GD at [8], [14]: ROP at p 49.

14 For completeness, on appeal, the appellant submitted that certain parts of
the Statement of Facts were wrong. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Notes of Evidence for 19 May 2021 (“NE (MA)”) at pp 3–4; AS at paras 2–3, 5.

For instance, he claimed that the cost of each carton of cigarettes, when
purchased in bulk from the Seller, was not fixed at $39 and that the WhatsApp
group was not set up by himself. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

NE (MA) at p 3, lines 3–22.

But, when queried as to whether an application to adduce further evidence on
appeal was being made, his counsel agreed to “move on from this, and … not
[to] belabour this point further”. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

NE (MA) at p 4, lines 20–22.

I therefore proceeded on the basis that these new facts could not be relied on
in the appeal.

Decision below

15 To recapitulate, the DJ imposed nine weeks’ imprisonment for the Excise
Duty Charge and one week’s imprisonment for the GST Charge, and ordered both
sentences to run concurrently.

16 The DJ applied the sentencing benchmarks set out by Chan Seng Onn J in Pang
Shuo (at [26], [49]) for offences under s 128H (for, inter alia, unloading
uncustomed goods). 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

GD at [18], [23(a)]: ROP at pp 54, 56.

Chan J had generally adopted Sundaresh Menon CJ’s sentencing benchmarks for
offences under s 128F of the Customs Act (importation of uncustomed goods) set
out in Yap Ah Lai at [46] with slight adjustments (see Pang Shuo at [48]).
Menon CJ’s sentencing benchmarks in Yap Ah Lai at [46] are a graduated scheme
that cross-reference the quantity of tobacco with the duration of the
imprisonment term that can be expected to be imposed as a starting point:

Quantity of tobacco product (kg)| Sentencing range (months)  
---|---  
2–50| 3–6  
51–100| 6–12  
101–200| 12–18  
201–300| 18–24  
301–400| 24–30  
> 400| 30–36  
  
These benchmarks in Yap Ah Lai are for first-time offenders who plead guilty
at the earliest opportunity and whose roles are limited to pure importation
(at [57(c)]).

17 Chan J adjusted the sentencing benchmarks in Yap Ah Lai slightly to take
into account the broader aspects of various possible physical roles that could
be played by a paid worker in the whole chain of a typical cigarette smuggling
operation on behalf of a syndicate and the impact of a timely guilty plea in
the standard case (Pang Shuo at [48(c)]). He also outlined two likely
scenarios under ss 128H and 128F of the Customs Act which offenders may fall
into and plotted respective sentencing curves for these scenarios (Pang Shuo
at [45] and [49]). I reproduce the DJ’s tabulated comparison of Scenarios 1
and 2 as described in Pang Shuo at [46]–[47]: 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

GD at [16]: ROP at pp 52–53.

Scenario 1: standard/archetypal offender| Scenario 2  
---|---  
First time offender who is not a youthful offender| First time offender who is
not a youthful offender  
Performing a physical role in a cigarette smuggling operation as a paid worker
but with no management control or profit share in the syndicate.| Performing a
physical role in a cigarette smuggling operation as a paid worker but with no
management control or profit share in the syndicate.  
Pleads guilty at the earliest opportunity| Claims trial and shows no remorse  
  
18 The DJ then set out the graph in Pang Shuo (at [49]) which depicted Chan
J’s sentencing benchmarks. The red shaded areas represented Menon CJ’s
benchmarks in Yap Ah Lai:

19 The DJ found that the appellant’s situation fell “largely” within Scenario
1 of Pang Shuo and that the starting position was two months’ imprisonment.
This was also the sentence imposed on Chan. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

GD at [18]: ROP at p 54.

20 However, the DJ considered the appellant to be more culpable than Chan.
This was because the appellant played a “distinctly more involved and
significant role than [Chan] in his dealings with the duty unpaid cigarettes,
and was not merely a paid worker.” 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

GD at [19]: ROP at p 54.

The DJ highlighted that:

(a) On previous occasions, the appellant was the middleman between his friends
and the Seller – he had set up the WhatsApp Group with his friends inside,
consolidated orders for his friends via the WhatsApp group and liaised with
the Seller on WeChat to obtain the cigarettes. He also informed his friends
when to proceed to his residence to collect the cigarettes. In the present
offences, the appellant similarly acted as the middleman; 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

GD at [19(a)]–[19(c)]: ROP at pp 54–55.

(b) The appellant appeared to profit from the difference in the amounts he
paid the Seller for the cigarettes and the amount he charged his friends for
the same. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

GD at [19(d)]: ROP at p 55.

He also secured cheaper cigarettes through his endeavours.

The DJ therefore imposed an uplift on the appellant’s sentence. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

GD at [20]: ROP at p 55.

21 In arriving at his sentencing decision, the DJ also considered the
mitigating factors raised by the appellant (plea of guilt and family hardship)
and post-Pang Shuo precedents. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

GD at [21]–[22]: ROP at pp 55–56.

The parties’ cases on appeal

Appellant’s submissions

22 First, the appellant submitted that the DJ erred in applying the sentencing
framework in Pang Shuo. He argued that the benchmarks in Pang Shuo did not
account for situations where a person was charged for one of the specified
offences (ie, ss 128D–128K, as defined in s 128L(7)) but was not a paid worker
acting on behalf of a smuggling syndicate, as in the case at hand. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Appellant’s submissions dated 9 May 2021 (“AS”) at paras 11, 24.

According to him, applying those benchmarks to this case was wrong in
principle. The appellant sought for the benchmarks in Pang Shuo to be “further
developed and or [sic] calibrated” for situations where the accused was not
running his own syndicated operation but was merely an end-consumer. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

AS at para 50.

23 Second, the appellant submitted that the DJ was “wrong in principle” to
find that he was more culpable than Chan. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

AS at para 26.

For one, the appellant was an end-consumer of the duty unpaid cigarettes and
not a paid worker in a smuggling syndicate like Chan. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

AS at para 29.

Further, the appellant denied having resold duty unpaid cigarettes to his
friends for profit. He claimed he only earned “tens of dollars”, not “hundreds
of dollars”, which was a goodwill gesture extended by his friends to
compensate him for his efforts. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

AS at para 35.

24 The appellant also argued that Chan was more culpable than him because Chan
was not only paid to work for the syndicate, but also performed more roles in
the criminal enterprise. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

AS at para 43.

This was evidenced by the other charges under s 128H that were brought against
Chan for a larger quantity of duty unpaid cigarettes found in his vehicle
pending delivery. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

AS at para 43; Sentencing precedents referred to in plead guilty mention
before DJ: ROP at p 62.

Accordingly, the appellant asked for a downward calibration of his sentence.
29

##### Foot Note 29

×

AS at para 45.

25 He submitted that the starting point for his case should be a fine because
of his low “culpability”. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

AS at para 52.

Among other reasons, he had not acted to resell the cigarettes for profit and
he was merely an “end-consumer”. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

AS at paras 51; NE (MA) at p 6, line 22.

He argued for a downward calibration of the sentencing framework in Pang Shuo,
which was designed for an accused person who played “a physical role in the
cigarette smuggling operation as a paid worker” [emphasis in original in
bold]. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

AS at para 52.

It was his case that the sentence imposed by the DJ was disproportionate to
his criminality. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

AS at para 54(3).

Respondent’s submissions

26 The respondent submitted that the sentencing frameworks in Yap Ah Lai and
Pang Shuo were relevant and applicable under s 128I of the Customs Act – the
reasons for which Chan J in Pang Shuo extended the sentencing framework for s
128F in Yap Ah Lai to s 128H applied equally to justify extension of the same
to s 128I. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Respondent’s submissions dated 10 May 2021 (“RS”) at para 20.

Those reasons were as follows:

(a) s 128I of the Customs Act addressed the same two evils involved in customs
offences as ss 128F and 128H: the loss of revenue to the Government and the
consumption of harmful goods;

(b) In the Customs Act (Cap 70, 1995 Rev Ed) (“Customs Act 1995”), s 128I was
subject to the same punishment provision as the predecessor of ss 128F and
128H. Under the Customs Act in force at the time of the offences, s 128I
continued to be subject to the same penalty regime as ss 128F and 128H. This
suggested that the legislative intention was for ss 128I, 128F and 128H of the
Customs Act to be treated with equivalency. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

RS at paras 19(b), 20(b).

(c) There was no juridical basis to differentiate between ss 128I and 128H of
the Customs Act. Much like how it was entirely fortuitous that an offender is
caught importing instead of unloading the duty unpaid goods, it was equally
fortuitous that an offender was caught dealing with the duty unpaid goods
instead of unloading the duty unpaid goods. The different physical acts
involved in the chain of smuggling should not be the basis on which the
culpability of the offender is differentiated. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

RS at paras 19(c), 20(c).

27 The respondent recognised that the appellant was not a paid worker, unlike
the archetypal offender in Scenario 1 in Pang Shuo. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

RS at para 26.

However, it argued that Chan J’s graph in Pang Shuo remained relevant because
the primary factor to be considered in Yap Ah Lai and Pang Shuo was the
quantity of cigarettes involved. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

RS at para 26.

The respondent therefore argued that the DJ was right to find that Scenario 1
applied, and that dealing with 2.180kg of duty unpaid cigarettes attracted a
starting point of two months’ imprisonment. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

RS at para 27.

28 The respondent further submitted that the appellant was more culpable than
Chan. The DJ was therefore right to impose a higher sentence on the appellant.
According to the respondent, an offender who ran a one-man operation was far
more culpable than a low-level paid worker involved in the smuggling of duty
unpaid cigarettes on behalf of a syndicate due to his higher level of
ownership and control over the operation. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

RS at para 29.

On the facts, the respondent characterised the appellant as the coordinator,
purchaser and distributor of duty unpaid cigarettes in a one-man operation. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

RS at para 31.

In contrast, the respondent saw Chan as a low-level member of a syndicate with
no oversight or managerial functions. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

RS at para 30.

29 Finally, the respondent submitted that the DJ’s finding that the appellant
offended for monetary benefit was correct. It dismissed the appellant’s
suggestion that he purchased the cigarettes as a “personal favour” to his
friends as an afterthought which was contradicted by the evidence. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

RS at para 34.

Namely, the respondent highlighted that the appellant charged his friends a
mark-up of almost 30% on each carton of cigarettes. Further, given he had been
purchasing cigarettes from the Seller for a year before his arrest (since
October 2019), and the fact that the Appellant earned at least $11 on each
carton of duty unpaid cigarettes he sold to his friends, it was likely that
the appellant understated his profits. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

RS at para 36.

Even if the appellant was performing a personal favour for his friends, the
respondent urged that this was a neutral factor in sentencing and not a
mitigating factor. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

RS at para 35.

Issues to be determined

30 In light of the foregoing, the following issues arise for my determination:

(a) Whether the sentencing framework in Pang Shuo should apply to offences
under s 128I(1)(b) of the Customs Act, punishable under s 128L(4) of the same
Act.

(b) Whether the appellant was more culpable than Chan.

Whether the sentencing framework in Pang Shuo was applicable to offences under
s 128I(1)(b) of the Customs Act, punishable under s 128L(4) of the same Act

31 I agreed with the respondent that the sentencing framework in Pang Shuo
should be applied to offences under s 128I(1)(b), punishable under s 128L(4)
of the Customs Act. I saw no reason to differentiate the magnitude of the
penalty imposed on different acts in the chain of steps that form the
composite act of cigarette smuggling. Dealing with smuggled cigarettes under s
128I(1)(b), like importation under s 128F and unloading under s 128H, was
merely one of several steps in this chain. I elaborate.

32 First, it was plain to me that the offences under ss 128F, 128H and
128I(1)(b) targeted the same evils: the loss of revenue to the Government and
the offence against the public policy and interest in reducing the consumption
of harmful goods by raising their cost to the user (Yap Ah Lai at [23]). This
being the case, I was unable to see why different sentencing benchmarks should
apply depending on which act, in the chain of cigarette smuggling, the
offender was charged with. General deterrence applied equally to each link in
the chain.

33 Second, I accepted that the legislative history of the offences of dealing
with uncustomed goods, and importing and unloading such goods, suggested that
these offences were to be treated equivalently in sentencing (before adjusting
for other aggravating and mitigating factors). In the Customs Act 1995,
importing and unloading (in s 130(1)(a)) and dealing with uncustomed goods (in
s 130(1)(d)), among other offences, were punishable under ss 130(1)(i) and
130(1)(ii):

Penalty for various offences

130.—(1) Whoever —

(a) is concerned in importing or exporting, or ships, unships, loads, unloads,
lands or delivers or assists or is concerned in the shipping, unshipping,
landing or delivery of, any uncustomed or prohibited goods whether the goods
are shipped, unshipped, loaded, unloaded, landed, delivered or not;

…

(d) is in any way concerned in conveying, removing, depositing or dealing with
any dutiable, uncustomed or prohibited goods with intent to defraud the
Government of any customs duties thereon, or to evade any of the provisions of
this Act or any order or regulations made thereunder;

…

shall for any such offence be liable —

(i) on the first conviction to a fine of not less than 10 times the amount of
the customs duty or tax or $5,000 whichever is the lesser amount, and of not
more than 20 times the amount of the customs duty or tax or $5,000 whichever
is the greater amount:

Provided that when the amount of customs duty cannot be ascertained the
penalty may amount to a fine not exceeding $5,000; and

(ii) on the second or subsequent conviction to such fine or to imprisonment
for a term not exceeding 2 years or to both.

[emphasis in original in bold; emphasis added in bold italics]

34 Even the enhanced penalties enacted in ss 130(1)(iii) and 130(1)(iv) of the
Customs Act 1995, for offences involving tobacco products exceeding 2kg in
weight, applied across the board for all offences under s 130 of the Customs
Act 1995 in equal measure (Pang Shuo at [19]). These enhanced penalties were
enacted through the Customs (Amendment) Act 1996 (Act 24 of 1996), s 14(b):

(iii) where the goods consist wholly or partly of tobacco products and such
tobacco products exceed 2 kilogrammes in weight — [the person convicted shall]
on the first conviction [be liable] to both a fine of not less than 15 times
the amount of the customs duty or tax and not more than 20 times the amount of
the customs duty or tax or $10,000, whichever is the greater, and to
imprisonment for a term not exceeding 3 years; and

(iv) where the goods consist wholly or partly of tobacco products and such
tobacco products exceed 2 kilogrammes in weight — [the person convicted shall]
on the second or subsequent conviction [be liable] to both a fine of not less
than 30 times the amount of the customs duty or tax and not more than 40 times
the amount of the customs duty or tax or $20,000, whichever is the greater,
and to imprisonment for a term not exceeding 6 years.

35 In other words, as Chan J observed, in the Customs Act 1995, “Parliament
thus appears to treat the various acts in the chain with equivalency” (Pang
Shuo at [19]).

36 In my view, this legislative intention carried through to the Customs Act
in force at the time of the offences. This is because even after the
reorganisation of the various offences in s 130(1) of the Customs Act 1995
into discrete sections, there was again no differentiation made to the
magnitude of the penalties (ie, the minimum/maximum fines and the maximum
imprisonment terms) prescribed under ss 128L(4), 128L(5) and 128L(5A) for
importing (an offence under s 128F), unloading (an offence under s 128H) and
dealing with uncustomed goods (an offence under s 128I(1)(b)). The relevant
provisions, with the exception of ss 128I(1)(b) and 128L(4) which are found at
[1]–[2] above, are reproduced below:

Offences in relation to importation of uncustomed or prohibited goods

128F. Any person who is in any way concerned in importing any uncustomed or
prohibited goods shall be guilty of an offence.

Offences in relation to shipping, unshipping, loading, unloading, etc., of
uncustomed or prohibited goods

128H. Any person who ships, unships, loads, unloads, lands or delivers, or who
assists or is concerned in the shipping, unshipping, loading, unloading,
landing or delivery of, any uncustomed or prohibited goods, whether or not the
goods are shipped, unshipped, loaded, unloaded, landed or delivered, shall be
guilty of an offence.

Penalty for various offences

128L. …

(5) Where any person is convicted of a specified offence committed by him on
or after the date of commencement of section 17(d) of the Customs (Amendment)
Act 2011 involving goods consisting wholly or partly of relevant tobacco
products and he has been convicted on a previous occasion of —

(a) that or any other specified offence involving such goods; or

(b) any offence under the repealed section 130(1) in force immediately before
4th April 2008 involving such goods,

then he shall be liable to —

(i) a fine of —

(A) not less than 30 times the amount of the customs duty, excise duty or tax
the payment of which would have been evaded by the commission of the first-
mentioned specified offence, subject to a minimum of $2,000; and

(B) not more than 40 times the amount of the customs duty, excise duty or tax
the payment of which would have been so evaded or $20,000, whichever is the
greater amount; or

(ii) imprisonment for a term not exceeding 6 years,

or to both.

(5A) Notwithstanding subsection (5), where any person is convicted of a
specified offence committed by him on or after the date of commencement of
section 17(d) of the Customs (Amendment) Act 2011 involving goods consisting
wholly or partly of relevant tobacco products exceeding 2 kilogrammes in
weight and he has been convicted on a previous occasion of —

(a) that or any other specified offence involving goods consisting wholly or
partly of relevant tobacco products exceeding 2 kilogrammes in weight; or

(b) any offence under the repealed section 130(1) in force immediately before
4th April 2008 involving goods consisting wholly or partly of relevant tobacco
products exceeding 2 kilogrammes in weight,

then he shall be punished with —

(i) a fine of —

(A) not less than 30 times the amount of the customs duty, excise duty or tax
the payment of which would have been evaded by the commission of the first-
mentioned specified offence, subject to a minimum of $2,000; and

(B) not more than 40 times the amount of the customs duty, excise duty or tax
the payment of which would have been so evaded or $20,000, whichever is the
greater amount; and

(ii) imprisonment for a term not exceeding 6 years.

[emphasis in original in bold and italics]

37 The re-organisation of the offences in the Customs (Amendment) Act 2008
(Act 3 of 2008) was purely to facilitate comprehensibility, as opposed to
creating separate sentencing schemes for different steps in the chain of
cigarette smuggling (see Pang Shuo at [21]). Then Minister of State for
Finance Mrs Lim Hwee Hua’s comments on the re-classification were illuminating
in this regard (Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Reports (22 January
2008) vol 84 at col 249):

Simplification of penalty provisions and streamlining the enforcement regime

Sir, I shall now move on to the second category of amendments that simplify
and streamline the current penalty provisions and the enforcement regime under
the Customs Act.

…

Re-classifying customs offences

The next change relates to the re-classification of customs offences by mode
of commission of the offences. This serves to streamline the various offences
for better comprehension. There are no changes to the penalties levied on the
offences. There are also no substantive changes in the scope of customs
offences other than the consequential change to cater for the introduction of
the composite licence.

[emphasis in original in bold italics; emphasis added in italics]

38 Based on the foregoing, the courts should act in concert with this
legislative intention to treat the mischief in question behind the different
offences involved in the whole chain of “steps” in cigarette smuggling with
equivalency (Pang Shuo at [22]).

39 Finally, I agreed with Chan J that ceteris paribus, the type of offending
acts in the smuggling chain (want of any further details) should not have any
serious bearing on the analysis that required a significant differentiation to
be made to the extent of the culpability of a worker employed to carry out
different physical stages of the smuggling activity involving the same
quantity of uncustomed goods (Pang Shuo at [25]). Hypothetically, if a paid
worker within a criminal smuggling enterprise was involved in every step of
the chain, it is perhaps fortuitous that he or she was caught at one step, and
not another. It was arbitrary to say that he was more culpable if apprehended
at step X, but less culpable if apprehended at step Y. Equally, in my view, it
was arbitrary to say that person A, charged with performing step X, was more
culpable than person B who was charged with performing step Y. I saw no
principled basis to distinguish the culpabilities of two offenders purely by
looking at which step in the chain they were charged with performing. Instead,
the culpability of offenders may be distinguished by examining other factors,
such as further involvement in owning, managing and/or controlling the
smuggling enterprise (Pang Shuo at [25]). In this regard, the factors
identified by Menon CJ in Yap Ah Lai at [35] may also be relevant:

(a) whether the case concerns a repeat offence that has not been factored in
the charge;

(b) whether the accused was acting on his own or as part of a syndicate; and

(c) what role the accused played to the extent the criminality inherent in the
conduct is not captured in the charge.

40 For all these reasons, I held that the sentencing benchmarks in Pang Shuo,
albeit set out in relation to s 128H and adapted from Menon CJ’s benchmarks
for s 128F in Yap Ah Lai, were relevant and applicable under s 128I(1)(b) of
the Customs Act.

The appropriate sentence in this case

41 Under the Pang Shuo framework, the key parameter informing the sentence as
a starting point is the quantity of tobacco products involved in the offence
(Yap Ah Lai at [35]). Because the appellant entered a plea of guilt, I agreed
with the DJ and the respondent that Scenario 1 (as described in Pang Shuo)
better represented the appellant’s situation. Under Scenario 1, if the offence
involved 2.180kg of duty unpaid cigarettes, the starting position for the
appropriate sentence for the Excise Duty Charge was two months’ imprisonment.

42 The appellant argued that he was less culpable than Chan 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

AS at para 43.

and that the starting position ought to be calibrated downward to a fine (see
[24]–[25] above). 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

AS at para 52.

43 Therefore, the question I had to consider was whether the appellant’s
conduct in the offences caused his culpability to exceed Chan’s. The answer to
this question addressed (a) whether, notwithstanding the reasons at [31]–[40]
above, the starting position for the sentences for both charges in this case
should be calibrated downwards to a fine, and (b) if not, whether a stiffer
sentence was warranted for the appellant as compared to Chan.

44 By way of an aside, although the appellant did not fall neatly within
Scenario 1 in Pang Shuo, I agreed with the respondent 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

NE (MA) at p 15, lines 5–20.

that this did not render the Pang Shuo framework inapplicable. The framework
simply reflected the cases that made up the bulk of everyday sentencing
practice. However, there was still room for upward and downward adjustments
from the initial benchmarks to account for each particular case’s facts and
circumstances (Pang Shuo at [31]). The DJ’s uplift of the appellant’s sentence
to account for his greater culpability over an archetypal offender like Chan,
whose s 128I(1)(b) offence concerned the same quantity of duty unpaid
cigarettes, is a prime example of an adjustment from the initial benchmark. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

ROP at p 62.

Accordingly, the pivotal question was whether the DJ was right in his
assessment of the appellant’s culpability in comparison to Chan’s.

Whether the appellant was more culpable than Chan

45 I have summarised the DJ’s reasons for finding that the appellant’s
culpability was greater than Chan’s at [20] above. His full reasons may be
found at [19] of his grounds of decision.

46 I was not prepared to disturb the DJ’s finding in this regard.

47 First, I agreed that the appellant “played a distinctly more involved and
significant role than [Chan] in his dealings with the duty unpaid cigarettes”.
50

##### Foot Note 50

×

GD at [19]: ROP at p 54.

Chan was merely a paid worker for a syndicate. The appellant accepted this. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

AS at para 26.

However, in contrast, the appellant solely controlled and administered the
arrangements he had put in place to procure duty unpaid cigarettes from the
Seller and distribute them to his friends for profit. I discuss the issue of
whether the appellant profited from his criminal activities in greater detail
at [51]–[53] below.

48 Put another way, the appellant operated and controlled a distribution
system for duty unpaid cigarettes in Singapore, albeit one of a small scale.
The appellant was the one who set up the WhatsApp group to consolidate orders
for cigarettes from his friends. He was responsible for informing them of the
variants of cigarettes available and collecting payment from these friends. He
also received the cigarettes from the Seller and informed his friends to
collect the cigarettes from his residence. I therefore rejected the
appellant’s contention that he was merely an “end-consumer”. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

AS at para 50.

The DJ was entitled to regard the appellant’s management of this distribution
system as having elevated his culpability above Chan’s.

49 The following illustration set out in Pang Shuo at [40] was also
instructive because it confirmed that a person who ran a fairly large one-man
smuggling operation should be much more culpable than a paid worker in a
syndicate smuggling the same quantity of duty unpaid cigarettes:

… If the offender “X” runs that fairly large smuggling operation all by
himself and is therefore not involved in any syndicate, is he to be considered
more or less culpable in comparison with (a) a person “A” who is the
mastermind and the main partner of a syndicate involved in smuggling the same
quantity of 200kg of duty unpaid cigarettes; and (b) a person “B” who is a
mere paid worker helping “A” with the physical loading, importation, delivery
and/or subsequent unloading of the same quantity of 200kg of duty unpaid
cigarettes on behalf of the syndicate? All other things being equal, it is my
view that “X” should be regarded as less culpable than “A” because “X” is not
involved in a syndicate, but “X” should be regarded as much more culpable than
“B” despite the fact that “B” may be involved in the syndicate, because the
culpability of “X” is much elevated due to the fact of “X”’s ownership and
control over a large-scale smuggling operation, though not in a syndicate.

[emphasis in original omitted; emphasis added in bold italics]

50 Plainly, the appellant’s distribution system fell short of being a “fairly
large smuggling operation”. I therefore did not think that the appellant’s
culpability was much higher than Chan’s. However, the DJ did not go that far.
He merely held that the appellant’s role was “more elaborate” than Chan’s, and
that the former’s sentence should reflect this increase in involvement and
culpability. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

GD at [20]: ROP at p 55.

It was not necessary for me to decide whether all offenders who ran one-man
operations were more culpable than paid workers in syndicates with no
management control or profit share. But, for the reasons explained at
[47]–[48] above, on the facts of this case, the threshold for appellate
intervention was not crossed as regards the DJ’s finding that the appellant
was more culpable than Chan.

51 Second, and to buttress my refusal to disturb the DJ’s finding as regards
the appellant’s culpability, the DJ was also entitled to find that the
appellant “profited from his enterprise”. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

GD at [19(d)]: ROP at p 55.

This was another factor the DJ took into consideration when determining that
the appellant was more culpable than Chan.

52 The DJ did not err in fact by regarding the appellant as having profited
from his criminal activities. As the DJ acknowledged, the appellant admitted
to earning “tens of dollars” from his friends in his mitigation plea below. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

GD at [19(d)]: ROP at p 55; Notes of Evidence for 23 November 2020 at p 3,
line 30: ROP at p 38.

The DJ did not speculate further as to whether the appellant earned more than
merely “tens of dollars”. In addition, the DJ rightfully pointed out that the
appellant profited from consolidating orders from his friends in another
respect – he enjoyed cost savings by ordering cigarettes in bulk from the
Seller. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

GD at [19(d)]: ROP at p 55.

Without a bulk order of minimally ten cartons, the appellant would have had to
pay $39 to $50 per carton of duty unpaid cigarettes. By placing a bulk order
for himself and his friends, he instead enjoyed a rate of $39 per carton from
the Seller. As such, even if the tens of dollars he earned from his friends
was money given to him out of “goodwill”, he still benefited from these cost
savings.

53 As was stated by See Kee Oon JC (as he then was) in Lee Chee Keet v Public
Prosecutor [2016] 4 SLR 1316 at [47], “[i]t is settled law that the commission
of an offence for personal gain is generally an aggravating sentencing
consideration.” I doubted that the appellant set up the distribution system
(where he consolidated orders from his friends) purely as a “personal favour
for his friends”. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

NE (MA) at p 17, lines 18–19.

As the respondent pointed out, if the appellant had acted purely out of
charity, there would have been no need to charge his friends a marked up price
for each carton of cigarettes. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

NE (MA) at p 17, lines 20–22.

Therefore, that he was motivated by the monetary benefits described above, or
at least to secure cost savings for himself by consolidating bulk orders with
his friends, elevates his culpability.

54 In these premises, I upheld the DJ’s finding that the appellant’s
culpability was greater than Chan’s. The appellant was not merely an end-
consumer. Rather, he dealt with the duty unpaid cigarettes, in part, as a
distributor. The need to generally deter the illicit distribution of duty
unpaid cigarettes, which if left unchecked would amplify the evils described
at [32], called for a custodial sentence. Thus, having regard to the
benchmarks in Pang Shuo, and the weight of cigarettes involved in the charges,
I agreed that two months’ imprisonment was an appropriate starting point for
the Excise Duty Charge. The appellant’s submission that the starting point for
his sentence was a fine because of his “low culpability” had no leg to stand
on. Further, because the appellant was more culpable than Chan, a week’s
uplift to the sentence for the Excise Duty Charge, from the two months’
imprisonment which Chan received for his s 128I(1)(b) charge involving 2.180kg
of smuggled cigarettes, was fair and proportionate.

Conclusion

55 In summary, the DJ did not err in law or fact when sentencing the
appellant. There were no grounds to find that the individual sentences for the
Excise Duty Charge and GST Charge or global sentence of nine weeks’
imprisonment were manifestly excessive.

56 For completeness, as intimated at [16] above, the sentencing benchmarks in
Pang Shuo and Yap Ah Lai are not identical. However, whether one set of
benchmarks should prevail over the other was not submitted on, nor was it, in
my view, a relevant issue in this appeal. This was because the starting
position in Yap Ah Lai is three months’ imprisonment (ie, a month higher than
the starting position in Pang Shuo for Scenario 1). If the appellant’s
sentence was not manifestly excessive under the Pang Shuo framework, all the
more the threshold for appellate intervention was not met under the Yap Ah Lai
framework.

57 I therefore dismissed the appellant’s appeal against his sentence.

Vincent Hoong  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Wong Chuhui Maxine and Yong Zhee Hoe (Rajwin & Yong LLP) for the appellant;

Adrian Loo and Chng Luey Chi (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 30 Sep 2021 (08:39 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

