Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the APPELLATE DIVISION OF

  
THE

high court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC(A) 2

Originating Summons No 7 of 2021

Between

| Ser Kim Koi  
---|---  
  
… Applicant

And

(1)| GTMS Construction Pte Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| Chan Sau Yan (formerly trading as Chan Sau Yan Associates)  
(3)| CSYA Pte Ltd  
  
… Respondents

In the matter of Suit No 50 of 2014

Between

| GTMS Construction Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| Ser Kim Koi  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

And

(1)| Chan Sau Yan (formerly trading as Chan Sau Yan Associates)  
---|---  
(2)| CSYA Pte Ltd  
  
… Third Parties

And Between

| Ser Kim Koi  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff in counterclaim

And

| GTMS Construction Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Defendant in counterclaim

And

(1)| Chan Sau Yan (formerly trading as Chan Sau Yan Associates)  
---|---  
(2)| CSYA Pte Ltd  
  
… Third Parties in counterclaim

grounds of decision

[Civil Procedure] — [Appeals] — [Leave]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Ser Kim Koi

  
v

  

GTMS Construction Pte Ltd and others

[2021] SGHC(A) 2

Appellate Division of the High Court — Originating Summons No 7 of 2021  
Woo Bih Li JAD and Quentin Loh JAD  
22 March 2021

26 March 2021

Woo Bih Li JAD (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

Introduction

1 This is an application for leave to appeal to the Appellate Division of the
High Court against a costs order made by a judge of the General Division of
the High Court (“the Judge”) where an appeal against his substantive decision
had been filed earlier. As we will elaborate, the application would have been
unnecessary but for a misunderstanding of the law by the applicant and his
solicitors. Furthermore, the objection by the first respondent was misplaced
because also of the same misunderstanding of the law by that respondent and
its solicitors.

2 We granted leave to appeal against the costs order and directed that the
appeal on costs be heard together with the substantive appeal and with further
directions which we elaborate below. In view of the misunderstanding of law,
we set out our reasons below.

Background

3 We first set out the parties to the dispute:

(a) Ser Kim Koi (“Ser”) was the owner of a plot of land on which three Good
Class Bungalows were to be built (“the Project”).

(b) Ser engaged GTMS Construction Pte Ltd (“GTMS”) as the main contractor for
the Project.

(c) Ser engaged Chan Sau Yan (formerly trading as Chan Sau Yan Associates)
(“Chan”) as the architect for the Project.

(d) CSYA Pte Ltd (“CSYA”) is a company incorporated by Chan to carry out his
architecture business.

4 In the General Division of the High Court, the parties made various claims
against each other. After a trial, the Judge delivered his substantive
decision on 18 January 2021 in GTMS Construction Pte Ltd v Ser Kim Koi (Chan
Sau Yan (formerly trading as Chan Sau Yan Associates) and another, third
parties) [2021] SGHC 9 (“the Main Judgment”). In the Main Judgment, the Judge
dismissed most of Ser’s claims and allowed the claims of GTMS for unpaid
construction costs and of Chan and CSYA for architect’s fees.

5 Thereafter, after receiving submissions on costs, the Judge issued a
supplemental judgment on 10 February 2021 on costs in GTMS Construction Pte
Ltd v Ser Kim Koi (Chan Sau Yan (formerly trading as Chan Sau Yan Associates)
and another, third parties) [2021] SGHC 33 (“the Costs Judgment”) whereby:

(a) Ser was ordered to pay GTMS costs on a standard basis from 13 January
2014, being the date the Writ of Summons was filed, until 8 November 2018,
being the date of commencement of the trial; with Ser to pay costs to GTMS on
an indemnity basis thereafter (Costs Judgment at [19]); and

(b) Ser was ordered to pay Chan and CSYA costs on a standard basis from 29
January 2014, being the date of the Third Party Notice to join them as parties
to the action, until 6 March 2017, being the deadline for Ser to accept an
offer to settle; with Ser to pay costs to them on an indemnity basis
thereafter (Costs Judgment at [24]).

6 At the hearing on 10 February 2021 when the Judge issued the Costs Judgment,
counsel for Ser asked for a direction that Ser be allowed to file a single
notice of appeal in respect of both the Main Judgment and the Costs Judgment.
Counsel for GTMS and for Chan and CSYA agreed and the Court directed
accordingly.

7 However, Ser decided to act differently from his proposed course of action.
On 15 February 2021, Ser filed a Notice of Appeal against the Main Judgment
(“the Main Appeal”). On 17 February 2021, Ser filed an application by way of
the present Originating Summons for leave to appeal to the Appellate Division
of the High Court against the Costs Judgment. Written submissions were
tendered by solicitors for Ser and for GTMS who is the first respondent in the
leave application. No submissions were received from the solicitors for Chan
and CSYA.

The arguments and our decision

8 Ser explained that he decided to file only the Notice of Appeal for the Main
Appeal because his attention was brought to paragraph 3(f) of the Fifth
Schedule of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed)
(“SCJA”). He and his solicitors believed that that provision required him to
obtain leave to appeal in respect of the Costs Judgment if the appeal against
the Costs Judgment were what has been referred to as a standalone appeal.
Ser’s second reason for doing so was that there were procedural/logistical
difficulties in the filing of a single Notice of Appeal against judgments
issued on different dates. Ser was concerned about the effectiveness of the
agreement on 10 February 2021, whereby parties had agreed to his filing of a
single Notice of Appeal, and the Judge had directed accordingly, in the face
of what he considered to be an express statutory provision to the contrary. In
correspondence tendered after his written submission was filed, Ser elaborated
that even if the Main Appeal were not successful, he would still contest the
Costs Judgment on the basis that the Judge had erred in granting costs on an
indemnity basis to GTMS, Chan and CSYA. It appeared that this was what led him
and his solicitors to think that the appeal against the Costs Judgment would
be a standalone appeal even though Ser was agreeable to having the appeal
against the Costs Judgment consolidated with the Main Appeal.

9 GTMS and its solicitors appeared to have taken the same view, ie, that if
Ser wished to contest the Costs Judgment even if the Main Appeal were
dismissed, that would constitute a standalone appeal requiring leave to
appeal, even if the costs appeal were consolidated with the Main Appeal. GTMS
also argued that leave to appeal should not be granted. However, GTMS had no
objection if Ser were granted leave to appeal in respect of the Costs Judgment
provided that the costs appeal would proceed only if the Main Appeal were
successful.

10 We address the second reason given by Ser first as that was clearly not a
valid reason. Ser was concerned about the procedural/logistical difficulties
of filing a single Notice of Appeal against judgments issued on different
dates but he did not elaborate what the difficulties were. As far as we were
aware, there was no such difficulty. Both judgments were issued in respect of
the same trial. The Notice of Appeal would simply state that Ser was appealing
against the whole or part of the Main Judgment and against the whole or part
of the Costs Judgment. It seemed to us that the real cause for concern was the
first reason which we now address.

11 We were of the view that Ser and GTMS had proceeded on the basis of their
solicitors’ incorrect understanding of the law as we elaborate below. The two
pertinent provisions are s 29A(1)(c) read with para 3(f) of the Fifth Schedule
of the SCJA (“the Fifth Schedule 3(f) provision”):

Leave required to appeal in certain cases

29A.–(1) In the following cases, leave is required before an appeal may be
brought against a decision of the General Division made in the exercise of its
original or appellate civil jurisdiction:

…

(c) subject to any exception specified in the Fifth Schedule, a case specified
in paragraphs (3) and 4(1) of that Schedule.

The relevant portion of paragraph 3 of the Fifth Schedule reads:

Interlocutory decisions, etc.

3\. Subject to paragraph 4(2), the leave of the appellate court is required to
appeal against a decision of the General Division in any of the following
cases:

…

(f) where the only issue in the appeal relates to costs or fees for hearing
dates;

…

[emphasis added in bold italics]

12 It is important to bear in mind that the Costs Judgment was issued in time
so that Ser could have filed a single Notice of Appeal in respect of both
judgments, without even seeking an extension of time to do so. Had he done so,
the Fifth Schedule SCJA 3(f) provision would not apply because that Notice of
Appeal would relate to both the Main Judgment and the Costs Judgment so that
it could not be said that the “only issue in the appeal relates to costs”.

13 Ser’s solicitors seemed to think that the situation was materially
different since Ser was intending to contest the Costs Judgment even if the
appeal against the Main Judgment were unsuccessful. However, that is not
correct.

14 If the Judge had issued his substantive decision and costs decision at the
same time in a single judgment, Ser would have been entitled to file a single
Notice of Appeal against both the substantive and costs decisions. He would
also have been entitled to contest the costs decision even if he were
unsuccessful against the substantive decision. That process does not make
Ser’s contest on costs a standalone appeal.

15 It made no material difference where, as in the present case, the Judge had
issued his decisions on separate dates if one Notice of Appeal had been filed.
The fact that Ser intended to contest the Costs Judgment even if the
substantive appeal were unsuccessful would not make the contest a standalone
appeal unless the substantive appeal was all along a disguise to hide the fact
that the real appeal was in respect of the Costs Judgment alone. However, no
one had suggested that the substantive appeal was merely a disguise. The
contest against the Costs Judgment would not have been the sole issue in the
single Notice of Appeal. As the Court of Appeal said at [16] in Clearlab SG
Pte Ltd v Ma Zhi and another [2016] 3 SLR 1264 (“Clearlab”):

The issue that concerned the court in [Wheeler v Somerfield and others [1966]
2 QB 94] (“Wheeler”) was whether the appeal on the substantive issues raised
genuine issues or had merely been put forward as a sort of “smoke screen” to
smuggle into the appeal, issues on costs without getting leave. If the
substantive issues were genuine, it would not be right to then say that the
only issue on appeal was one of “costs” even if the appellant did not succeed
on the substantive issues. That was the only point in Wheeler and it is a
proposition we readily accept; but it has no bearing on the present appeal.

[emphasis added]

16 It seemed that the solicitors for both sides had misunderstood the decision
of the Court of Appeal in Clearlab. It is important to bear in mind that in
Clearlab, the appellant had filed two notices of appeal, not one. The second
notice of appeal was in respect of a costs decision. The Court of Appeal was
of the view that technically, a provision similar to the Fifth Schedule (3)(f)
provision applied even though an appeal in respect of the substantive decision
had been filed. The reasons why the Court of Appeal declined to grant the
appellant leave to proceed with the second appeal on costs were two-fold.
Firstly, the appellant took the affirmative position that it did not wish both
appeals to be consolidated such that both appeals were fixed for hearing on
different dates. Secondly, the application for leave was made late, ie, five
months after the appellant had indicated it would apply for leave and just
five days before the date of hearing of the costs appeal (Clearlab at [6]).
The Court of Appeal also said that had both appeals been consolidated, this
might well have led to a different outcome as a matter of practical
application rather than of principle (Clearlab at [14]). This meant that
although the appellant would still have required leave to appeal because the
second Notice of Appeal was on costs alone, one would expect that leave would
have been given if both appeals were consolidated. There would then be less
concern about the wasting of scarce judicial resources.

17 Before us, Ser had agreed to his costs appeal to be consolidated with the
Main Appeal if the leave application were granted. Notwithstanding that, GTMS
still objected to leave being granted. It had conflated the Court’s reasons in
Clearlab. The wastage of judicial resources becomes more evident when the
appeals are heard on separate dates but not when they are heard together.

18 In summary, Ser could have and should have proceeded to file a single
Notice of Appeal in respect of the Main Judgment and the Costs Judgment.
Having failed to do so, Ser should nevertheless still be granted leave to file
the costs appeal since he was agreeable to having that heard together with the
Main Appeal. He agreed to have that done by way of consolidation.

19 We were of the view that while consolidation was one way of achieving the
aim of having both appeals heard together, another way was for the Court to
direct that both appeals be fixed for hearing together. This would avoid the
incurring of further costs which would had been incurred if Ser were required
to file a fresh application to consolidate the appeals.

20 Accordingly, we granted Ser’s leave application and gave the following
directions:

(a) Ser was to file and serve the Notice of Appeal in respect of the Costs
Judgment within three days from the date of our decision. That appeal was to
be fixed for hearing together with the appeal in respect of the Main Judgment.
This would obviate the need for Ser to take a further step to consolidate both
appeals.

(b) The parties were to proceed with the filing of any subsequent papers as
though there were a single appeal.

(c) If any further directions were required, such directions might be given at
a case management conference.

21 As for costs of the leave application, we took into account the following:

(a) The leave application was unnecessary in the circumstances. Ser could have
and should have filed a single Notice of Appeal against both the Main Judgment
and the Costs Judgment.

(b) That said, GTMS should not have opposed the leave application since it was
quite clear that Ser was agreeable to having both appeals heard together.
Perhaps that was why the other respondents in the Main Appeal did not resist
the leave application.

22 We were therefore of the view that Ser should be liable for some of the
costs of the leave application. We ordered him to pay GTMS $1,000 forthwith,
inclusive of disbursements, as such costs.

23 We take this opportunity to make some further observations.

24 There is some suggestion in the decision of the Court of Appeal in Qilin
World Capital Ltd v CPIT Investments Ltd and another appeal [2019] 1 SLR 1
(“Qilin”) that even if no Notice of Appeal had been filed on costs, the Court
of Appeal would still be entitled and empowered to deal with costs of the
proceedings below. However, as mentioned by the Singapore International
Commercial Court in Beyonics Asia Pacific Ltd and others v Goh Chan Peng and
another [2020] 5 SLR 235 (“Beyonics”), it would be prudent for an appellant to
seek leave to file a second Notice of Appeal on costs (where it would be too
late to file a single Notice of Appeal) in the light of Clearlab. The court is
likely to grant such leave where the appellant agrees that both appeals be
heard together. As we mentioned at [19] above, this can be done by
consolidation or a direction for both appeals to be heard together.

25 There was also a suggestion in Qilin at [9] and in Beyonics at [25] that a
Notice of Appeal against a substantive decision may be amended to include an
appeal on costs. We have some reservations whether that may be done where the
decision on costs is given after the date that the substantive appeal is filed
because there would then be no costs decision to appeal against as at the date
of the filing of the substantive appeal. As this does not arise on the present
case, we need not say any more on this for the time being.

26 Finally, we note that after the written submissions from Ser and GTMS were
filed, their solicitors proceeded to send further submissions to the court by
way of correspondence. This should not have been done without leave of the
court and we hope such conduct will not be repeated in future.

Woo Bih Li  
Judge of the Appellate Division| Quentin Loh  
Judge of the Appellate Division  
---|---  
  
Ajinderpal Singh, Kirindeep Singh, Tan Hui Min Beverly, Thng Hui Lin Melissa
and Toh Wei Qing, Geraldine (Dentons Rodyk & Davidson LLP) for the applicant;

Thulasidas s/o Rengasamy Suppramaniam and Yap Wei Xuan Mendel (Ling Das &
Partners) for the first respondent;

Thio Shen Yi SC, Monisha Cheong and Uday Duggal (TSMP Law Corporation) for the
second and third respondents.  

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 3: 07 Apr 2021 (16:05 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

