Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC 100

Magistrate’s Appeal No 9066 of 2019/01

Between

| Ng Kum Weng  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

grounds of decision

[Criminal Law] — [Offences] — [Outrage of modesty]

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Sentencing]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Ng Kum Weng

  
v

  

Public Prosecutor

[2021] SGHC 100

General Division of the High Court — Magistrate’s Appeal No 9066 of 2019/01  
Kannan Ramesh J  
22 January, 5 February, 31 March 2021

23 April 2021

Kannan Ramesh J:

Introduction

1 The appellant claimed trial in the District Court to four charges, all of
which related to his interactions with three waitresses at a music lounge over
the course of one night. Three charges were for the offences of using criminal
force with an intent to outrage modesty under s 354(1) of the Penal Code (Cap
224, 2008 Rev Ed) (“the Code”) and one charge was for the offence of insulting
the modesty of a woman under s 509 of the Code.

2 The District Judge convicted the appellant on all four charges and imposed
an aggregate sentence of 11 months’ imprisonment and a fine of S$5,000. The
District Judge’s written grounds of decision dated 28 February 2020 can be
found in Public Prosecutor v Ng Kum Weng [2020] SGDC 49 (“the GD”). The
appellant appealed against the conviction in respect of all four charges.
However, the appellant only pursued his appeal against sentence in respect of
three charges.

3 After hearing the parties, I dismissed the appeal. I provided brief reasons
then. I now provide the full grounds of my decision.

Factual background

4 The offences occurred in the early hours of 12 December 2015. At that time,
the appellant had patronised [B] Lounge in Tanjong Pagar Road (“the Lounge”)
with three friends ([DW2], [PW9] and [PW10]). He claimed trial to the
following charges:

(a) The first charge (DAC-902408-2017) was in relation to using criminal force
on one [V1], intending to outrage her modesty by sliding his hand on her right
thigh, at or about 1.16am on 12 December 2015, an offence punishable under s
354(1) of the Code.

(b) The second charge (DAC-902409-2017) was in relation to using criminal
force on one [V3], intending to outrage her modesty by using one of his hands
to touch her chest in between her breasts, at or about 1.55am on 12 December
2015, an offence punishable under s 354(1) of the Code.

(c) The third charge (DAC-902410-2017) was in relation to insulting the
modesty of [V3] by using his fingers to gesture to his friend that [V3]’s
breasts were small, at or about 1.55am on 12 December 2015, an offence
punishable under s 509 of the Code.

(d) The fourth charge (DAC-902411-2017) was in relation to using criminal
force on one [V2], intending to outrage her modesty by poking her breast with
one of his fingers, between 1.50am to 1.55am on 12 December 2015, an offence
punishable under s 354(1) of the Code.

5 CCTV footage (“the Footage”) at the Lounge did not capture the physical
contact which formed the basis of the first, second and fourth charges.
However, for the reasons below, I considered that the Footage sufficiently
corroborated the accounts of the victims.

Evidence adduced at trial

6 On the first charge, [V1] testified that she was seated on a bench by the
wall diagonally across from the appellant, who was seated at a table next to
the wall with his friends. She had her back to the wall and was “playing with
[her] phone”. [V1] felt the appellant touch her right upper thigh, on her
skin, and “got a shock”. She testified that he had touched her by quickly
sliding his right palm up her right upper thigh. She swept his hand away,
stared at him and said, “Excuse me”. The appellant then turned to his friend
and hit the back of his own hand twice, implying that “he actually [knew] what
he [was] doing”. Thereafter, [V1] moved away from the appellant down the bench
and sat there for a while. She later left and told [V2] about the incident.
[V2] then told her that the appellant had also touched her inappropriately.

7 The appellant disputed [V1]’s version of events. He denied touching her. He
testified that [V1] bumped into his back as she was walking to the bench,
causing him to spill his drink on the polo T-shirt he was wearing. She did not
apologise. He felt “extremely annoyed”, reached over to [DW2], who was seated
to his right, and commented that [V1] was a “Porky Pork” and likened her hands
to “pork trotter[s]”. He explained that he reached over because he was
“calling [DW2] to come” over so that he could make the derogatory remarks
about [V1] to him. He explained that he raised his hands and turned back to
look at [V1] (actions which were captured by the Footage) because he wanted to
show her that her hands were like pig trotters and to make “a joke… that she’s
a chubby person”. He testified that he then slapped his hand twice, which was
also captured by the Footage, while remarking that she had “a very fat hand”.

8 On the second charge, [V3] testified that she approached the appellant and
his friends at the table for their consent to skip a song they had requested.
She was standing between the appellant and one of his friends at the time. As
she stood there, the appellant used his hand to touch her in the middle of her
breasts over her clothing for less than a second. [V3] “got a shock” and tried
to move away from him. She next saw the appellant make a gesture with his
thumb and index finger pressed together to the friend beside him. As this
happened just after he had touched her between her breasts, [V3] understood
him as suggesting that her breasts were small. This gesture was the subject
matter of the third charge. She moved over to stand on the other side of the
appellant’s friend as he had given her an “eye signal to move away from [the
appellant]”. Upset by the incident, she later walked from the table to the
toilet at the back of the Lounge to calm herself before resuming work. [V3]
only told one of the Lounge managers, [PW3], about the incident after he
noticed her crying.

9 The appellant denied touching [V3] in between her breasts. He also denied
that he intended to suggest that she had small breasts. He testified that he
called [V3] “cheap” after she pestered his friends and him to buy more drinks,
as a result of which [V3] became angry. He put his hand to her mouth to “ask
her to shut up” and she pushed his hand away in annoyance. The appellant
further stated that the gesture which was the subject matter of the third
charge was meant to convey to [V3] that she was “really insignificant and…
nobody”. In relation to the portion of the Footage which showed the appellant
holding her arm, he explained that he intended to “make a statement…[to] let
[her] know that [he was] very firm about it”.

10 On the fourth charge, [V2] testified that she approached the appellant and
his friends to ask them whether they wished to order food. The appellant then
used the index finger of his left hand to point at her breast and made contact
with the top part of her breast, on her skin. As he did this, he laughed and
said in Cantonese that “[he] want[ed] to eat fish ball”. She moved backwards
as a result of the contact. The appellant again pointed at her breast but did
not make contact this time as she had by then grabbed his hand.

11 The appellant disputed [V2]’s account. He testified that he was frustrated
with [V2] as she was unable to understand his order, which included fish
balls. In anger, he had pointed at her, but he denied touching her. He might
have reached out to her only because he attempted to take an item such as a
phone which she was probably holding.

12 [V3] related her interactions with the appellant to her sister, [PW5], who
also worked as a waitress at the Lounge. [PW5] was attending to customers at
another table. As a result, [PW5] confronted the appellant. A commotion (“the
Commotion”) resulted during which the appellant was slapped by an unidentified
lady. The police were called to the scene and the appellant was arrested. The
appellant alleged that the victims and the Lounge management colluded to
fabricate the allegations against him. This was because the appellant had been
rude to the victims and the Lounge management was attempting to “deflect
attention away from their hooliganism”. The Prosecution submitted that there
was no evidence to support this.

Decision below

13 The District Judge found that the four charges were made out on the
strength of the testimonies of the victims and the Footage, which he regarded
as corroborative of their evidence. He found the victims’ testimonies clear,
complete and coherent. He also found that the Footage “effectively debunked”
the appellant’s claim that the victims had falsely implicated him because he
had behaved in a “boorish” manner towards them, as it showed him having a good
time. He thus concluded that the appellant’s claim was a “recent invention”.

14 The District Judge also found that the appellant had entered a “partial
admission” in his long statement dated 13 December 2015 (“the Long Statement”)
following the incident. The appellant had stated therein, inter alia, that
“due to [his] drunken state it [was] possible that [he] might have molested
those girls in the pub”, consisting of “about two to three girls”; although he
“[did] not remember exactly what had happen[ed]”. The District Judge was of
the view that the accounts given by the appellant’s friends were “guarded and
unclear”, did not exactly coincide with his version, and were “plainly
contradicted” by the Footage. Finally, he considered that there was no
credible evidence before the court which suggested any possible motive for the
victims or the Lounge management to collude to make false allegations against
the appellant.

15 On the first charge, the District Judge noted that the Footage showed
little indication of [V1] bumping into the appellant. The Footage showed him
swaying and reaching towards [V1], who then reacted. The Footage further
showed that words were “clearly… exchanged between them” and the appellant was
later seen to beat his own hand in “what appear[ed] to be an apologetic
gesture”.

16 On the second charge, the District Judge found that the Footage showed the
appellant’s hand reaching out towards [V3]’s chest. He was of the view that
contact had been made. As for the third charge, the District Judge found that
the appellant had pointed at [V3]’s breasts and made a gesture that suggested
that they were small.

17 On the fourth charge, the District Judge found that the Footage
corroborated [V2]’s version of events in that it showed her recoiling when the
appellant extended his hand towards her cleavage.

18 On this basis, the District Judge convicted the appellant.

19 On sentence, the District Judge noted that the applicable framework in
relation to the s 354(1) charges (the first, second and fourth charges) was
set out in Kunasekaran s/o Kalimuthu Somasundara v Public Prosecutor [2018] 4
SLR 580 (“Kunasekaran”). Chan Seng Onn J had set out three sentencing bands
for the s 354(1) offence (at [49]):

(a) Band 1: less than five months’ imprisonment;

(b) Band 2: five to 15 months’ imprisonment; and

(c) Band 3: 15 to 24 months’ imprisonment.

20 In determining the appropriate sentencing band, the court had to first
consider the offence-specific factors (ie, the degree of sexual exploitation,
the circumstances of the offence, and the harm caused to the victim) before
making offender-specific adjustments based on aggravating and mitigating
factors (Kunasekaran at [45] and [48]).

21 In the present case, the District Judge analysed as follows:

(a) The offence under the first charge was at the low end of Band 1. Though
there was skin-on-skin contact, the touch was fleeting and did not involve a
private part. Also, there was no prior interaction between the appellant and
[V1]. Accordingly, the District Judge imposed a fine of S$3,000, in line with
precedents that imposed fines for similar offences.

(b) The offence under the second charge was at the low end of Band 2. Although
the contact was fleeting and not skin-on-skin, the area was nonetheless an
intimate one (ie, between the breasts). The District Judge noted that the
touch was fleeting only because, as shown by the Footage, [V3] had reacted
when she saw the appellant’s hand reach out towards her breasts. The Footage
also showed that the appellant had persisted in trying to outrage [V3]’s
modesty, as he had reached towards her a few times before successfully
touching her. Accordingly, the District Judge imposed a term of six months’
imprisonment. This was adjusted down from eight months’ imprisonment based on
the totality principle.

(c) The offence under the fourth charge was at the low end of Band 2. There
was skin-on-skin contact which was very close to [V2]’s private part, ie, the
top part of her cleavage. Though the touch was fleeting, this was only because
she had reacted by moving backwards and holding her hand up to cover the area.
The Footage showed that the appellant was persistent in that he had tried to
touch her chest again but was blocked. Also, the offence did not appear to be
on the spur of the moment as the Footage showed that [V2] was walking away
from the table when the appellant had called her back to his side.
Accordingly, the District Judge imposed a term of five months’ imprisonment.
This was adjusted down from seven months’ imprisonment based on the totality
principle.

22 The District Judge was also of the view that none of the offender-specific
factors significantly shifted the starting points he arrived at under the
first step in the Kunasekaran framework. He considered, amongst others, that
(a) the appellant did not deserve any accommodation for having committed the
offences while inebriated, (b) the convictions were recorded after a full
trial, and (c) the personal circumstances concerning his likely loss of
employment were “not so exceptional as to displace the clear public interest
to be served” in “robustly” dealing with such offences.

23 Finally, the District Judge imposed a fine of S$2,000 for the offence under
the third charge. The appellant made no submissions on the sentence for the
third charge. He accepted that it was within the normal sentencing range. The
Prosecution also stated that it was consistent with the typical range of fines
imposed for the offence.

The appeal against conviction and sentence

The appellant’s submissions

24 The appellant submitted that the District Judge erred in assessing the
Footage, as well as the credibility of the victims and the appellant’s friends
at the material time. He contended that the evidence of the victims was
internally and externally inconsistent. He further contended that the District
Judge (a) erred in finding that the Long Statement was a “partial admission”,
and (b) failed to consider collusion or the real risk of collusion between the
victims and the Lounge management. Alternatively, he submitted that there was
prejudgment or apparent bias on the part of the District Judge, and that “the
appearance of a real likelihood of prejudgment” should also be considered.
Finally, the appellant appealed against the sentence for the first, second and
fourth charges on the basis that they were manifestly excessive.

25 First, the appellant submitted that the District Judge erred in finding
that the Footage corroborated the evidence of the victims and contradicted
his. On the first charge, the submission was that the District Judge erred in
rejecting the appellant’s evidence that [V1] had bumped into him, or in not
giving him the benefit of the doubt that this was possible. The appellant
pointed out that [V1] had agreed in cross-examination that he would have had
to reach over towards her in order to slide his hand up her thigh as claimed
as he was approximately 50 cm away from her. As the Footage did not show that
he had reached over, the appellant argued that this “categorically
exonerate[d]” him of the first charge.

26 On the second charge, the appellant submitted that the District Judge had
incorrectly rejected his evidence that he was annoyed with [V3] on the basis
that the Footage showed him smiling at her. The appellant criticised the
Footage as being too grainy and unclear for the appellant’s face to be
discernible. Also, the Footage did not show any contact between the
appellant’s right hand and [V3]’s chest.

27 On the third charge, the appellant submitted that the Footage did not show
him pointing at [V3]’s breasts, as found by the District Judge.

28 As for the fourth charge, the appellant submitted that the Footage did not
show that he had poked [V2] in the breast. The Footage did not also show the
appellant extending his hand towards [V2]’s cleavage, she recoiling, and he
trying to touch her again.

29 Second, the appellant submitted that the District Judge erred in finding
that the victims were consistent and credible witnesses. Further, as the
Footage did not show him committing the actus reus of the offences, there was
no corroborative evidence of the victims’ account. Accordingly, the victims’
evidence had to be “unusually convincing” to form the basis of a conviction.

30 The appellant also submitted that the District Judge erred in his
assessment of the credibility of his friends ([DW2], [PW9] and [PW10]) at the
material time. Further, the appellant pointed out that the Prosecution did not
suggest to his friends that they were not telling the truth. Accordingly, he
argued that per the rule in Browne v Dunn (1893) 6 R 67 (“Browne v Dunn”), the
Prosecution should have been treated as accepting their testimony.

31 Third, the appellant submitted that the District Judge erred in finding
that the Long Statement amounted to a “partial admission”. The statement did
not objectively amount to a confession, and was also qualified by the fact
that the appellant had repeatedly stated that he was very drunk and could not
remember things.

32 Fourth, the appellant submitted that the District Judge failed to consider
the possibility of collusion between the victims and the Lounge management for
the reasons stated in [12] above, ie, because [PW5] had “launch[ed] herself at
the [appellant] and/or the [appellant’s] table” and the appellant had been
slapped in the Commotion. The appellant asserted that the victims and the
Lounge management had good reason to “embellish their evidence”.

33 Fifth, the appellant submitted that the District Judge “fail[ed] to keep an
open mind” and exhibited apparent bias. In particular, he allegedly “advise[d]
the Prosecution directly and reminded them to properly prepare the
Prosecution’s witness[,] otherwise there would be a ‘field day in cross-
examination’” [emphasis in original]. In this regard, the appellant contended
that District Judge fell into error in refusing to allow the Case for the
Prosecution (“CFP”) or the Summary of Facts to be admitted into evidence for
the purpose of cross-examination of the Prosecution’s witnesses, when the
Prosecution was allowed to use the Case for the Defence (“CFD”) to cross-
examine him. The appellant also contended that the District Judge approached
his review of the Footage with “a pre-judged view that the [a]ppellant had at
least acted inappropriately”, as he went beyond the Prosecution’s case in
making certain adverse findings against the appellant and his friends that
were in any event against the weight of the evidence.

34 The appellant took issue with the sentence for the first, second and fourth
charges but accepted the sentence for the third charge, as noted at [23]–[24]
above. As regards sentencing, he also accepted the Kunasekaran framework. He
submitted that:

(a) The sentence of a S$3,000 fine for the first charge was manifestly
excessive when considered against the relevant sentencing precedents, and
ought to be adjusted down to a S$1,500 fine.

(b) The sentence of six months’ imprisonment for the second charge was
manifestly excessive as the offence ought to fall within Band 1 and ought to
be reduced to six weeks’ imprisonment. The appellant relied on the following,
that: (a) no private parts were intruded upon, (b) the touch was fleeting with
no skin-on-skin contact, and (c) the victim was not vulnerable and there was
no exploitation by him.

(c) The sentence of five months’ imprisonment for the fourth charge was
manifestly excessive as, amongst others, the appellant had only touched her
momentarily. The appellant argued that the sentence ought to be reduced to six
weeks’ imprisonment.

The Prosecution’s submissions

35 The Prosecution submitted that the District Judge did not err in convicting
the appellant, and the sentences imposed were not manifestly excessive.

36 First, the Prosecution submitted that the District Judge applied the
correct principles in determining the credibility of witnesses. Although the
District Judge did not use the words “unusually convincing”, he nonetheless
found the victims clear, consistent, coherent and credible, as noted at [13]
above. He had correctly assessed them according to the principles on
determining witness credibility as set out in Farida Begam d/o Mohd Artham v
Public Prosecutor [2001] 3 SLR(R) 592 at [9] — namely, bearing in mind the
demeanour of the witness; the internal consistency in his or her evidence; and
the external consistency between his or her evidence and extrinsic evidence.
The Prosecution further submitted that in any event, the “unusually
convincing” standard only applied where the witness’s uncorroborated testimony
formed the sole basis for conviction: PP v GCK and another matter [2020] 1 SLR
486 (“GCK”) at [89] and [104]. The test did not apply in the present case as
the victims’ testimonies were corroborated by objective evidence in the form
of the Footage. The Prosecution also submitted that the evidence of the
victims was internally and externally consistent. The Prosecution contended
that their evidence was consistent with the Footage as well as the accounts of
the other witnesses.

37 Second, the Prosecution submitted that the District Judge was correct not
to have placed weight on the evidence of the appellant’s friends. They were
asked in court whether they recalled or saw the appellant’s acts. In response,
they said that their view was blocked or that they did not remember any
contact by the appellant. The Prosecution submitted that the District Judge
correctly rejected [DW2]’s testimony on the appellant’s conduct vis-à-vis
[V1], as he was evasive and eventually stated he did not recall the nature of
the interactions between the appellant and [V1]. This was despite the
appellant’s own evidence that he had gestured rudely and had engaged in name-
calling. The District Judge was also justified in finding on the basis of the
Footage that [DW2] and [PW10] would have seen the appellant’s conduct vis-à-
vis [V2] and [V3].

38 Third, the Prosecution submitted that the District Judge was correct in not
accepting the evidence of the appellant. His evidence that he was constantly
annoyed by the victims was inconsistent with the Footage, which showed him
“having a good time”. Also, his evidence contradicted the Long Statement and
cautioned statements, and the CFD. In this regard, the District Judge
correctly allowed the Prosecution to cross-examine the appellant on the CFD,
as it was prepared based on his recollection and instructions to counsel. As
the appellant admitted this to be the case, the CFD was a previous statement
reduced to writing on which the appellant could be cross-examined, pursuant to
s 147 of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed) (“EA”). On the other hand, the
CFP was drafted by the Prosecution without input from the Prosecution’s
witnesses.

39 Fourth, the Prosecution submitted that the District Judge was correct in
not finding any collusion amongst the victims and the Lounge managers ([PW3]
and another, [PW1]). The appellant did not show a plausible motive for
colluding. Further, there was insufficient time in the period before the
Commotion and the arrival of the police for them to have colluded. While [V1]
and [V2] had talked to each other about what the appellant had done before the
Commotion, they had no desire to escalate the matter to the police. They only
wanted to avoid his table. Also, the fact that the victims separately relayed
their accounts to the police officers at the scene, and only [V1] and [V3]
went to the police station to record their statements, made collusion
difficult. Finally, the Prosecution submitted that it was illogical to suggest
that the two Lounge managers sought to deflect police attention from their own
aggressive behaviour towards the appellant during the Commotion by falsely
implicating the appellant. This illogicality stemmed from the fact that,
during the Commotion, [PW1] had called the police regarding the incident
involving [V3].

40 The Prosecution’s further submission was that the appellant’s allegations
of judicial bias were unfounded. Strong language in the GD did not ipso facto
suggest that the District Judge was biased. Where the evidence was poor, he
was “entitled to call a spade a spade”. Furthermore, nothing in the Notes of
Evidence suggested any prejudging by the District Judge, and the appellant did
not refer to any exchange recorded therein that suggested bias.

41 On sentence, the Prosecution submitted that (a) the District Judge had
correctly applied the framework in Kunasekaran in relation to each of s 354(1)
charges, and (b) imposed a fine within the typical range for s 509 charge. The
District Judge had also correctly not applied a discount on account of,
amongst others, the appellant’s lack of remorse and his unexceptional personal
circumstances in the face of, as mentioned in [22] above, the “clear public
interest to be served” in “robustly” dealing with such offences.

My decision

42 It is well-established that the role of the appellate court is not to
reassess the evidence in the same way a trial judge would. Rather, as noted by
the Court of Appeal in Haliffie bin Mamat v Public Prosecutor and other
appeals [2016] 5 SLR 636 at [32] and Pram Nair v Public Prosecutor [2017] 2
SLR 1015 at [55], an appellate court is restricted to considering:

(a) whether the trial judge’s assessment of witness credibility is plainly
wrong or against the weight of evidence;

(b) whether the trial judge’s judgment is wrong in law and therefore
unreasonable; and

(c) whether the trial judge’s judgment is inconsistent with the material
objective evidence on record. That said, the appellate court is in as good a
position as the trial judge to assess the internal or external consistency of
witnesses’ testimony, or to draw the necessary inferences of fact from the
circumstances of the case.

43 Bearing this in mind, I found that the District Judge did not err in
finding that the charges had been proven beyond reasonable doubt. I now
address the grounds raised by the appellant.

The applicable standard

44 As a preliminary point, I agreed with the Prosecution that the “unusually
convincing” standard did not apply. The standard applies where there is no
corroborative evidence and the testimony of a witness forms the sole basis of
the conviction, ie, “the witness’s testimony alone is sufficient to prove the
Prosecution’s case beyond a reasonable doubt”: GCK at [89]–[90], citing Teo
Keng Pong v Public Prosecutor [1996] 2 SLR(R) 890 at [73] [emphasis in
original]. In the present case, although the Footage did not clearly capture
physical contact between the appellant and the victims in each instance, it
was independent evidence that was relevant to the charges. The Footage allowed
the court to assess the veracity of the testimonies of the appellant and the
victims by weighing their conduct at the material time as captured by the
Footage against their testimonies. Further, apart from the Footage, there was
also corroborative evidence in the form of the evidence of the Lounge
management namely, [PW1] and [PW3]. As such, the “unusually convincing”
standard was not applicable.

Assessment of Footage and witness credibility

45 I turn first to the appellant’s submission that the District Judge erred in
his assessment of the Footage and the credibility of the witnesses. I did not
consider that the threshold for appellate intervention in this regard was met.
In particular, I was of the view that the District Judge’s conclusions were
not plainly wrong or against the weight of the evidence. His conclusions were
in fact consistent with the material objective evidence namely, the Footage.

The first charge

46 [V1]’s evidence on the first charge was consistent with the Footage. The
Footage showed [V1] pass behind the appellant as he was drinking from a glass
and that he did not react as she did so. He simply continued drinking. Nor did
the Footage show the appellant spill his drink on himself. The Footage was
therefore inconsistent with the appellant’s version of events, ie, that [V1]
bumped into him as alleged. The District Judge was therefore entitled to
conclude that the Footage contradicted the appellant’s case in that it
“show[ed] little indication that the [appellant] was bumped into by [V1]”.

47 The Footage also did not suggest that the appellant “showed [any] sign of
irritation”, contrary to his claim of being annoyed as a result of being
bumped into by [V1], as stated at [7] above. That was also the District
Judge’s conclusion. In fact, the Footage showed the appellant smiling at
[PW5], who had arrived at his table after [V1] had passed behind him, before
turning to look in [V1]’s direction. This hardly demonstrated “extreme”
annoyance on the part of the appellant. Any irritation or annoyance would have
been a consequence of [V1] bumping into the back of the appellant, causing him
to spill his drink as she passed behind him. As the Footage did not show this,
it stands to reason that the appellant’s assertion that he was irritated and
annoyed was untrue.

48 After the appellant turned to look at [V1], he was seen leaning over
slightly towards her. She then looked up at the appellant. There appeared to
be a short exchange of words between them and after the appellant raised his
hands, [V1] got up and moved away from him. Right after she did so, he used
one hand to slap the other, before turning around to face her and again
slapped his hand. The appellant thereafter continued his conversation with
[DW2]. Even though the Footage did not capture the appellant touching [V1] or
she sweeping his hand away, it was consistent with her evidence on the
incidents that occurred as stated above at [6] — namely, the appellant’s
slight body movement towards her, their brief exchange, she moving away and he
slapping his hand twice. That was also how the District Judge saw it.

49 The District Judge was entitled not to place weight on the evidence of
[DW2], who was seated close to [V1]. [DW2] testified that he did not (a) see
the appellant touch [V1] in any way or make any hand gesture at her, or (b)
recall any conversations between [V1] and the appellant. The Footage was
inconclusive as to whether [DW2] did see the offence take place, although it
did show him facing the appellant at the relevant time, and turning around as
[V1] and the appellant spoke. The District Judge was similarly entitled not to
place weight on the evidence of [PW9] and [PW10]. They both testified that
they did not recall any interaction between the appellant and [V1]. However,
they were on the other side of the table and speaking with each other.

The second and third charges

50 As for the second and third charges, the Footage showed the appellant
motion for [V3] to come over to him, put an arm around her head and pull her
face close to his. After [V3] pulled free, the appellant was seen holding her
arm with his left hand and reaching towards her chest with his right. She then
pushed a hand out, as if to stop him. [PW10] reached out for the appellant’s
left hand, seemingly to control him.

51 The Footage also showed the appellant motioning towards [V3]’s chest and
making the hand gesture. This was pertinent to the third charge. [PW10] was
again seen reaching out for the appellant’s extended left hand and pulling it
towards the table. [V3] moved to stand on the other side of [PW10], with her
arms folded across her chest. Shortly after, she walked away from the table,
and spoke with her sister, [PW5], who was at an adjacent table, before making
her way to the back of the Lounge. A short while later, she was seen speaking
to [PW3].

52 Significantly, contrary to the appellant’s evidence, the Footage did not
suggest that he told [V3] to stop harassing him and his friends to buy drinks.
Nor did it support his claim that both he and [V3] were annoyed and he had put
his hand to her mouth to ask her to “shut up”. In fact, the Footage did not
show that the appellant was displeased with [V3]. This also undermined
[PW10]’s evidence that the appellant had probably asked [V3] to stop harassing
them to buy drinks.

53 As the District Judge found, and I agree, the Footage was consistent with
[V3]’s evidence, and inconsistent with the appellant’s evidence. His
conclusion that the second and third charges were thus made out was not
plainly wrong or against the weight of the evidence. In fact, his conclusion
was justified on the evidence.

54 In this regard, the District Judge was entitled not to place weight on the
testimony of the appellant’s friends, [DW2] and [PW10]. [PW9] was not
pertinent as he was not at the table at the time of the offences that related
to [V2] and [V3]. The Footage showed both [DW2] and [PW10] looking on, with
the latter even intervening. While it was possible that [PW10] had glanced
down when the appellant had reached towards [V3]’s chest, as noted at [50]
above, the Footage showed him reaching out for the appellant’s hand to try and
control him almost immediately after [V3] reacted to the appellant’s action.
Accordingly, [PW10]’s evidence that he reached out for the appellant’s hand
because “[the appellant] wanted to grab her arm or something”, and not because
he saw the appellant use one of his hands to touch [V3]’s chest, was at odds
with the Footage. [DW2] testified that he did not see physical contact between
the appellant and [V3] as his view was blocked by [PW10]. His evidence was
therefore of no assistance to the appellant.

The fourth charge

55 The Footage corroborated [V2]’s account and contradicted the appellant’s
case on the fourth charge. I agreed with the District Judge’s conclusion that
it showed the appellant “extending his hand towards her cleavage, and [V2]…
recoiling away.” [DW2] and [PW10] also appeared to be looking on, with the
latter reaching out to control the appellant’s hand. [V2] subsequently
appeared to block the appellant’s hand as he reached towards her again. This
was inconsistent with the appellant’s evidence that there was no physical
contact and that he merely scolded [V2] for not getting his order right.

56 It is significant that the Footage showed the appellant smiling and talking
to his friends immediately after the incident. About 20 seconds after [V2]
walked away from the table, [PW10] was seen leaning over to the appellant to
speak with him. The appellant then initiated a fist bump gesture. The District
Judge was therefore correct to conclude that the demeanour of the appellant
and his gesture “powerfully contradicted the [d]efence [c]ase”.

57 [DW2]’s testimony was again unhelpful as he said his view was blocked by
[PW10]. [PW10]’s testimony was that he did not see the appellant poke [V2]’s
breast. There were doubts whether this could be so. As noted above at [55],
[V2] was seen recoiling away when the appellant extended his hand towards her
cleavage. [PW10] was seen reaching out to control the appellant’s hand. Seen
together, there was no reason for [PW10] to do this unless it was to restrain
the appellant from acting inappropriately towards [V2]. Further, as noted
above at [56], after [V2] walked away, [PW10] was seen leaning towards the
appellant to speak to him and the appellant responding with a fist bump
gesture. Given these circumstances, for [PW10] to say that he did not see the
appellant poke [V2]’s breast was difficult to accept.

Inconsistencies in the victims’ testimonies

58 The appellant made much of alleged inconsistencies in the victims’
testimonies. For example, in a statement to the police on 11 July 2016, [V2]
was recorded as saying that she was fully clothed, and the appellant’s finger
had landed on her clothes. Later, [V2] testified that she was touched on the
skin rather than over the clothing and explained that she recalled what she
was wearing only after seeing the Footage in court. However, the
inconsistencies did not render the District Judge’s assessment of her
credibility incorrect. Some imperfection in recollection did not mean that a
witness was untruthful. If the witness’s evidence was largely corroborated and
consistent, some inconsistencies did not undermine its credibility: Ng Chiew
Kiat v Public Prosecutor [1999] 3 SLR(R) 927 at [32]–[35]; Public Prosecutor v
Abdul Rahman Bin Sultan Ahmat [2005] SGDC 246 at [19]; Public Prosecutor v Cao
Shengliang [2020] SGDC 160 at [48]. Having reviewed the Notes of Evidence and
the Footage myself, I found that the District Judge was not incorrect in his
assessment of the credibility of the victims.

The evidence of the appellant’s friends

59 I did not see any infringement of the rule in Browne v Dunn. This is a
flexible rule of practice that requires that any contradiction in a witness’s
evidence ought to be put to him so that he may explain: Liza bte Ismail v
Public Prosecutor [1997] 1 SLR(R) 555 at [65], [68] and [70]. Its rationale is
to grant a witness the opportunity to so “explain and clarify his or her
position or version of facts before any contradictory version is put forth to
the court as one of fact”: Parti Liyani v Public Prosecutor [2020] SGHC 187 at
[44]. The key therefore is whether there is a contradiction between the
evidence of the witness and the submissions made on his testimony. However, as
pointed out by the Prosecution (see [37] above), [DW2], [PW9] and [PW10] had
in fact been asked whether they recalled the interactions between the
appellant and the victims, and why the appellant acted in a certain way as
captured in the Footage (see [49], [54] and [57] above). They stated that they
did not recall the interactions or the reasons for the appellant’s actions. In
my view, to the extent that they were unable to recall these details, there
was no inconsistency between their evidence and the Prosecution’s submissions
to warrant the application of the rule in Browne v Dunn. The Prosecution’s
submissions were not that the appellant’s friends were lying but that they did
not in fact witness the incidents and therefore were of no assistance to
either the Prosecution or Defence on whether the offences had taken place.

The appellant’s “partial admission”

60 The District Judge did not err in regarding the Long Statement as a
“partial admission.” The appellant had stated therein that it was “possible”
he had molested two to three women in the Lounge. The investigating officer
(“the IO”) testified that the Long Statement was recorded after the appellant
was examined for his blood alcohol concentration and had appeared sober. The
IO also testified that the appellant had said that he was ready to give his
statement. Although the appellant testified that he was “still intoxicated” at
the time, this was a bare allegation and was against the evidence of the IO.
It was difficult to believe the IO would have recorded the Long Statement
while the appellant was intoxicated. It was relevant that there was no
evidence to support the appellant’s assertion that he was confused as to what
he was saying. Also, the appellant’s account that he merely assented to the
IO’s question on whether he molested two to three women was unconvincing. This
was in any case denied by the IO. In any case, the Long Statement was not the
primary basis for the District Judge’s finding on the appellant’s credibility.
He placed more weight on the Footage. As noted in the GD, the Footage
“completely contradict[ed]” the appellant’s version of the events and his
“hesitant and unconvincing delivery in court confirmed how contrived [his
testimony] was”. Having reviewed the Footage, I saw no reason to disagree.

The possibility of collusion

61 It was important that I set out the appellant’s case on the real
possibility of collusion. At trial, the appellant’s case appeared to be that
(a) the victims colluded because of his rude and boorish behaviour towards
them, and (b) the Lounge management ([PW1] and [PW3]) colluded to “deflect
attention away from their hooliganism” during the Commotion involving them,
the appellant and his friends, and the victims. In other words, there were
different motives for the victims and the Lounge management. However, on
appeal, the argument shifted. This time, it was submitted that the motives
were the same for both the victims and the Lounge management, ie because of
the appellant’s rude and boorish behaviour towards the victims, and so as to
deflect attention away from the conduct of the victims and the Lounge
management during the Commotion. I have proceeded therefore on the case as
presented on appeal though I noted that the shift in position raised questions
as to the substance of the appellant’s submission on motive.

62 In AOF v Public Prosecutor [2012] 3 SLR 34 (“AOF”) at [210], the Court of
Appeal endorsed the observations of Lord Mustill in Regina v H [1995] 2 AC 596
(at 616) on the two possible meanings of “collusion”:

… the word ‘collusion’ … may denote a wicked conspiracy in which the
complainants put their heads together to tell lies about the defendant … [and
is also] wide enough to embrace any communications between the witnesses, even
without malign intent, which may lead to the transfer of recollections between
them, and hence to an unconscious elision of the differences between the
stories which each would independently have told … the two situations may be
labelled ‘conspiracy’ and ‘innocent infection’ … ‘conspiracy’ [is] the
deliberate and malicious fabrication of untrue stories whose details chime
because that is what they are designed to do … such cases … must surely be a
small minority by comparison with those where the witness statements show no
more than the opportunity (although not necessarily the reality) of ‘innocent
infection’. [emphasis in AOF]

63 It is clear that the appellant’ case was one of collusion properly so
called. As mentioned above at [12] and [32], the appellant suggested motive on
the part of the victims and the Lounge management ([PW1] and [PW3]) because of
the appellant’s rude behaviour towards the victims and the Lounge management’s
efforts to “deflect attention away from their hooliganism.” However, the
burden on the Prosecution to disprove the allegation of collusion only arises
after the appellant has discharged his evidential burden by providing a
plausible motive on the part of the victims and the Lounge management to
collude to bring false charges against him: AOF at [215]–[217].

64 The District Judge noted that the appellant failed to adduce credible
evidence of motive on the part of the victims to fabricate the allegations
that were the subject matter of the charges proffered against him. His
observation was correct in my view. There was a fundamental problem with the
appellant’s contention that one of the reasons why the victims colluded was to
deflect attention away from their conduct during the Commotion. This was
referring to causing the Commotion and the appellant being slapped by an
unknown person in the midst of the fracas. However, as noted in [32] above,
the Commotion was caused by [PW5] launching herself at the appellant and the
appellant’s table. This was clear from the Footage. If the Commotion was a
reason to collude, this begs the question why [PW5] would cause it in the
first place. If [PW5] had not caused the Commotion, there would be no reason
to collude. Further, if the victims and the Lounge management colluded because
the appellant had been rude to them, as he had also alleged, the obvious thing
for them do was to simply call the police rather than cause a fracas. If so,
it would be completely unnecessary to collude “to deflect attention away from
their hooliganism”. In fact, if the Lounge management had been part of the
collusion, calling the police rather than causing a fracas would have been
exactly what they would have suggested and desired. A fracas could have
serious repercussions for the Lounge and its management. The Lounge management
would not have wanted to precipitate the Commotion. Colluding to deflect
attention from their conduct during the fracas would therefore not have been a
consideration at all. The appellant recognised this in closing submissions
where he stated: “Needless to say, apart from attracting personal culpability,
incidents of assault involving staff and management members would have serious
implications on their operating licence”.

65 Indeed, [PW5]’s conduct clearly pointed to anger towards something
inappropriate that the appellant had done. Her conduct was therefore
consistent with having been told by [V3], her sister, about the appellant’s
inappropriate behaviour. Seen in this way, it was contrived for the appellant
to suggest that the victims and the Lounge management colluded to deflect
attention from their conduct during the Commotion and because of the
appellant’s rude behaviour towards the victims.

66 There are further difficulties. First, I noted that the police had
responded to two calls that night, one from [PW9] at 2.05am concerning the
Commotion and the other from [PW1] a minute later reporting that there was a
case of molest and that the alleged perpetrator was still at the scene. [PW9]
testified that he could not recall if any other persons had called the police;
and [PW1] testified that he did not know that [PW9] had called the police.
[PW1] also testified that he called the police as he was informed that [V3]
had been molested and was crying. It was clear that the call by [PW9] to the
police was triggered by the Commotion. On the other hand, [PW1]’s call was to
report the molest. The two calls were unconnected and were made for different
reasons. As the two calls were close in time (a mere minute and six seconds
apart) and neither [PW9] nor [PW1] was apparently aware of the other’s call,
it could hardly be said that [PW1]’s call was an attempt to deflect
responsibility for the Commotion. If [PW1] did not know that [PW9] had called
the police, it seems contrived to suggest that he had called the police in
order to deflect attention from the conduct during the Commotion. In fact, if
there was concern over the conduct of the victims and the Lounge management
during the Commotion, why would [PW1] have called the police in the first
place? That is the last thing he would have wanted to do. As the Prosecution
put it, “someone intending to avoid [p]olice involvement would quite obviously
not call the [p]olice”.

67 Second, the time interval between the last incident involving [V3] and the
call by [PW1] was short, about 10 minutes. If there was collusion first
between the victims and then with the Lounge management, it must have taken
place between the last incident involving [V3] and just before [PW5] launched
herself at the appellant causing the Commotion. This was an even shorter
period than 10 minutes. There was little time for the victims to first collude
amongst themselves and then with the Lounge management with a view to making
false allegations against the appellant.

68 Third, if there was in fact collusion between the victims and the Lounge
management because of his rude and boorish behaviour towards the victims, they
would have simply called the police and not triggered the Commotion, as noted
at [64] above. It was contrived to suggest that [PW1]’s call was in order to
deflect attention from a commotion which the victims themselves appear to have
caused.

69 Fourth, the two reasons offered for why the victims and the Lounge
management would have colluded were not reconciled. If the victims colluded
because of the rude behaviour of the appellant towards them, it must have
happened in the time period referred to in [67] above. If so, the collusion
was not about deflecting attention from conduct during the Commotion as that
could only have taken place after the Commotion. However, there was no
evidence of any collusion post-Commotion. In any event, it was illogical to
suggest that the victims and the Lounge management would have colluded again
post-Commotion (for a different reason) when they had already done so pre-
Commotion.

70 I make a fifth and final point. The victims and the Lounge management would
have known that the Lounge had CCTV cameras and therefore CCTV footage. They
must have thus been aware that (a) the interactions between the victims, and
the appellant and his friends could very well have been captured by the
cameras, and (b) there was a real risk that their lie, if there was one, would
be exposed by the Footage. For the collusion to work, they would have to be
sure that there was nothing in the Footage that showed up the lie, which meant
that they would have had to view the Footage before the police were called.
However, there was no evidence that the victims and/or the Lounge management
checked the Footage before calling the police. [PW1] testified that he only
viewed the Footage in the presence of the police, following their request to
view it. The victims were not present then. [PW3] further testified that the
victims did not view the Footage before it had been handed over to the police,
while it was still in the Lounge’s possession. [V1] testified that she first
saw the Footage during her first appointment with the IO in the police
station. [V2] testified that she saw the Footage “much later” after the
incident. [V3] testified that she was only shown the Footage after giving her
statement to the police. These accounts were corroborated by the IO, who
testified that he first showed the victims the Footage when recording further
statements from them. [PW5] testified that she was first shown the Footage
when she met the IO in end-September 2017. The Footage itself ran for three
minutes after the last incident involving [V3], and did not show the victims
conferring with each other.

71 All of the above suggested that the victims and the Lounge management did
not collude or that there was even any real possibility of collusion.

Prejudgment and apparent bias

72 I found the appellant’s submission of prejudgment and apparent bias without
basis and unfortunate. I say unfortunate because there was nothing in the
evidence that remotely suggested either.

73 The test for apparent bias is whether the circumstances “give rise to a
reasonable suspicion or apprehension of bias in the fair-minded and informed
observer”: BOI v BOJ [2018] 2 SLR 1156 (“BOI”) at [103(a)]. Such reasonable
suspicion or apprehension arises when the observer would think that bias is
possible. It cannot be a fanciful belief and the reasons for the suspicion
ought to be capable of articulation with reference to the evidence: BOI at
[103(c)]. Furthermore, the Court of Appeal in BOI clarified at [108]–[109]
that prejudgment was a form of apparent bias which requires that:

“… the fair-minded, informed and reasonable observer would, after considering
the facts and circumstances available before him, suspect or apprehend that
the decision-maker had reached a final and conclusive decision before being
made aware of all relevant evidence and arguments which the parties wish to
put before him or her, such that he or she approaches the matter at hand with
a closed mind.”

74 The appellant submitted an additional test of “a real likelihood of
prejudgment” should be considered, as mentioned in [24] above. This was a
submission unsupported by authority. Counsel for the appellant did not suggest
how this test could be applied. The real likelihood of bias test was
previously applied in the context of apparent bias prior to the decision in
BOI, which clarified that the test should be one of a reasonable suspicion or
apprehension of bias, as noted above at [73]. As the test for prejudgment is
already one based on a suspicion or apprehension in relation to the decision-
maker, it was not clear what test counsel for the appellant was advocating.

75 The exchange in question between the court and the Prosecution (referred to
as “Wong” in the transcript) which the appellant relied on to demonstrate
prejudgment or apparent bias occurred after [V3] apparently failed to
recognise herself in the Footage when on the stand:

Court: I do not know the nature of the preparations which were done for trial.

Wong: Yes, Your Honour.

Court: But from the indications and the – if the witness comes back with an
answer, “Is it me?”, it doesn’t indicate that the preparations were thorough
enough.

Wong: Yes, Your Honour.

Court: This is a material witness.

Wong: Yes, Your Honour.

Court: I hope it’s not going to be the case for your other material witnesses
where they come to Court and then they say, “Is it me?”

Wong: Yes, Your Honour.

Court: This is serious proceedings so we need to have that degree of
preparatory work done.

Wong: Yes, Your Honour.

Court: Okay. If this is just on the video itself, there are other areas in
relation to what happened between them, conversations that happened between
them, at the various points. And which that has not been covered, we’re going
to have a field day in cross-examination.

Wong: Yes, Your Honour.

Court: So use the period, go and do what you need to do, alright?

Wong: Yes, Your Honour.

76 In my view, the District Judge’s suggestion to the Prosecution to better
prepare its witnesses and prevent “a field day in cross-examination” offered
no basis for concluding that there was prejudgment or apparent bias. The
District Judge was entitled to instruct the parties to better prepare their
case in order to ensure that time was not wasted: BOI at [100] and [126]. I
noted that prior to this exchange, [V3] had required the Prosecution to replay
the Footage four times in order to identify herself and other staff. She had
also thrice asked “Is it me?”. The District Judge was therefore perfectly
entitled to express concern over the wastage of time. In any event, evidence
improperly presented by the Prosecution would have hampered the appellant in
meeting the Prosecution’s case, as I had suggested to counsel for the
appellant in the course of oral arguments.

77 The alleged procedural error that the appellant articulated (see [33]
above) was also without basis. It was open for the District Judge to have
permitted the Prosecution to cross-examine the appellant on the CFD. Section
147 of the EA would have applied insofar as it was a previous statement made
by him reduced into writing and relevant to the matters in the proceeding. As
submitted by the Prosecution and noted at [38] above, the CFD was based on the
appellant’s instructions and he admitted to contributing to its contents. In
this regard, the appellant had stated in court that he recalled “put[ing] out
as much as [he could]” for the purposes of the CFD. That said, the provision
ought to have been properly invoked: see, eg, the procedure outlined in Lim
Young Sien v Public Prosecutor [1994] 1 SLR(R) 920 at [19]–[20]. More
crucially, I did not see how admitting the CFD would have resulted in apparent
bias as alleged by the appellant (see [33] above). I should mention that the
situation has now been addressed by s 258A of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap
68, 2012 Rev Ed) which allows cross-examination on the CFD. However, that
provision did not apply to the present case as it only came into force on 31
October 2018 following the Criminal Justice Reform Act 2018 (No 19 of 2018).

78 The District Judge was also justified in not permitting the CFP and the
Summary of Facts to be admitted into evidence for cross-examination by the
Defence. These documents were not drafted on the instructions of the
Prosecution witnesses. As such, they would not have been in a position to
testify as to their contents.

79 For the reasons above, I dismissed the appellant’s appeal against
conviction.

The sentence imposed on the appellant

80 A sentence is said to be manifestly excessive where it is unjustly severe,
and “requires substantial alterations rather than minute corrections to remedy
the injustice”: Public Prosecutor v Siew Boon Loong [2005] 1 SLR(R) 611 at
[22]. It is trite that the mere fact an appellate court would have awarded a
higher or lower sentence than the trial judge is insufficient to compel the
exercise of appellate powers. It is important to remember that “the
prerogative to correct sentences should be tempered by a certain degree of
deference to the sentencing judge’s exercise of discretion”: Public Prosecutor
v Mohammed Liton Mohammed Syeed Mallik [2008] 1 SLR(R) 601 at [84], citing
Angliss Singapore Pte Ltd v Public Prosecutor [2006] 4 SLR(R) 653 at [14].

81 As neither the appellant nor the Prosecution took issue with the sentence
imposed by the District Judge for the offence under s 509 of the Code (ie, the
third charge), I only addressed the sentences imposed in respect of the
offences under s 354(1) of the Code. I considered that (a) the sentences were
well within the framework in Kunasekaran, and (b) there were no issues with
the manner in which the offence or offender-specific factors were assessed.

82 On the first charge, I was not persuaded that the fine of S$3,000 was
manifestly excessive. It was well within the range of less than five months’
imprisonment for offences falling within Band 1 of the Kunasekaran framework.
Further, the District Judge was justified in relying on the sentencing
precedents of Public Prosecutor v Marcus Ong Yong Qiang (SC 911624/2017)
(“Marcus”) and Public Prosecutor v Yujiro Tomita (SC 901776/2018), both of
which were cited by the Prosecution, in arriving at the sentence for the
charge. In the former, the accused stroked the victim’s thigh while the latter
was dancing in a night club. The victim’s boyfriend told the accused to
apologise, but he refused. The accused pleaded guilty and was fined S$1,500.
In the latter, the accused smacked the victim’s buttocks once as she walked
past him at a bar. According to the victim, the accused did not apologise when
she confronted him. The accused pleaded guilty and was fined S$3,000. I was
not persuaded by the appellant’s attempt to draw comparisons between his case
and Marcus; the appellant in the present case had, after all, claimed trial
and put the victims through lengthy and rigorous cross-examination.

83 As for the second and fourth charges, the District Judge was correct in
finding that the subject offences fell within Band 2 of the Kunasekaran
framework. This was because the appellant touched the victims very close to
their private parts namely, their breasts. I was therefore not persuaded by
the appellant’s efforts to distinguish his conduct from the sentencing
precedents relied upon by the District Judge namely, Public Prosecutor v
Thompson, Matthew [2018] 5 SLR 1108 (“Thompson”) and Public Prosecutor v
Adaikkalam Sivagnanam [2018] SGMC 43 (“Sivagnanam”). In Thompson, the offender
used his left hand to touch the victim, an air stewardess, on her right hip,
her stomach and her lower breast in one motion. The High Court found that the
offence fell within Band 2 of the Kunasekaran framework. The offender was
sentenced to six months’ imprisonment. As the first step in the Kunasekaran
framework, the court took into account the psychological harm suffered by the
victim and the fact that the offence was committed against an air
transportation worker. At the second step in the Kunasekaran framework, the
offender’s clean record, good character and work credentials, which supported
a lower probability of reoffending, were taken into account. In Sivagnanam,
the accused touched the left breast of a restaurant waitress with his palm as
she walked past, before removing it quickly. The accused claimed trial. The
court found that the offence fell within Band 2 of the Kunasekaran framework
and imposed a sentence of six months’ imprisonment. The court noted that
although there was contact with a private part, there was no skin-on-skin
contact and the molest was not protracted: Sivagnanam at [89].

84 The appellant sought to compare his case with the decision in Public
Prosecutor v Mohd Taufik bin Abu Bakar and another appeal [2019] SGHC 90
(“Mohd Taufik”) where the offender, a police inspector, was sentenced to 12
weeks’ imprisonment for a s 354(1) charge of pinching the nipple of a national
serviceman, and 10 weeks’ imprisonment for another s 354(1) charge of
squeezing his buttock near the anus region. That case was distinguishable. It
was significant that the victim there was male. The court concluded that the
offences fell within Band 1 of the Kunasekaran framework as, inter alia, the
degree of sexual exploitation was low. In this regard, the court observed that
a male’s nipple was not considered in the same way as that of a woman’s and
there was no skin-on-skin contact, although the court did note that the
offender’s abuse of a position of trust was an aggravating factor: Mohd Taufik
at [97]–[99], [101] and [103].

85 The District Judge was also justified in taking into account the offender-
specific factors as he did. As noted at [82] above, the appellant was rightly
not entitled to any sentencing discount on account of his claiming trial and
subjecting the victims to lengthy cross-examination including “a spurious
defence as to their motives”, as the District Judge had observed. The fact
that the appellant was a first-time offender was a neutral factor as it merely
indicated the absence of an aggravating factor namely, ie, relevant
antecedents. It is trite that the absence of an aggravating factor is not a
mitigating factor: Kunasekaran at [65].

86 As such, the sentences imposed in the present case did not warrant
appellate intervention. The District Judge was justified in ordering the
imprisonment terms to run consecutively as the offences were distinct in terms
of time, act and victim; and the global sentence imposed was not unjustly
severe and could not be said to be manifestly excessive.

Conclusion

87 For the above reasons, I dismissed the appeal.

Kannan Ramesh  
Judge of the High Court

Derek Kang Yu Hsien and Lulla Ammar Khan (Cairnhill Law LLC) for the
appellant;

Gail Wong and Samyata Ravindran (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the
respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 26 Apr 2021 (09:42 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

