Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC 208

Suit No 604 of 2018

Between

| Taishi-Tech (S) Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| Hyundai Engineering & Construction Co Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

judgment

[Contract] — [Contractual terms]

[Contract] — [Breach]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Taishi-Tech (S) Pte Ltd

  
v

  

Hyundai Engineering & Construction Co Ltd

[2021] SGHC 208

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 604 of 2018  
Lee Seiu Kin J  
18–21 May, 27 May, 14 July 2021

7 September 2021 Judgment reserved.

Lee Seiu Kin J:

Introduction

1 This is an action by the plaintiff, Taishi-Tech (S) Pte Ltd (“Taishi”),
against the defendant, Hyundai Engineering & Construction Co Ltd (“Hyundai”)
for breach of an oral contract.

2 The defendant is the main contractor of a residential and commercial
development located in Punggol, collectively referred to as the “Watertown
Project”. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Chua Siow Lee’s AEIC dated 22 January 2020 (“CSL”) at para 4.

It subcontracted certain parts of the works for the Watertown Project to a now
defunct company, J-Plan Associates Pte Ltd (“J-Plan”), which in turn
subcontracted a further part of the works to the plaintiff.

3 During the course of the Watertown Project’s development, the plaintiff
encountered problems with receiving payment from J-Plan. This slowed down, and
ultimately halted the progress of its work. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

CSL at paras 15 to 20.

4 The plaintiff alleges that the defendant agreed to pay it directly for all
works done in respect of the Watertown Project so as to ensure that it would
continue to complete its works on schedule (the “Alleged Direct Deal
Agreement”). 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

CSL at para 29.

5 The defendant does not dispute the existence of an agreement for it to pay
the plaintiff directly. It contends, however, firstly, that this agreement was
entered into with J-Plan, not the plaintiff directly. Secondly, that the terms
of this agreement stipulate that such direct payments to the plaintiff would
be made only out of sums due to J-Plan, specifically for the work to be
carried out by the plaintiff pursuant to its subcontract with J-Plan. Such
work forming a part of the work J-Plan was to complete for the defendant
pursuant to their subcontract. Thus, the defendant claims it was not assuming
any general, direct responsibility for J-Plan’s obligations to the plaintiff.
Rather, that it was simply undertaking to make payments it would otherwise
have had to make to J-Plan, directly to the plaintiff. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Lee Seung Han’s AEIC dated 23 January 2020 (“LSH”) at para 24.

Facts

6 The plaintiff is in the business of manufacturing and installing solid
surfaces and quartz products. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

CSL at para 3.

The defendant is a construction company.

7 In August 2012, the defendant was engaged as the main contractor for the
Watertown Project. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

LSH at para 4.

8 By a letter of award dated 25 September 2013, the defendant engaged J-Plan
as its subcontractor for the design, supply, fabrication, and installation of
various cabinets for the Watertown Project, eg, kitchen and vanity cabinets. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

LSH at para 6.

Separately, by an agreement dated 1 November 2014, the defendant also engaged
J-Plan as its subcontractor for the interior design works for the same
project. These two agreements are collectively referred to as “the
Subcontracts”.

9 The plaintiff and J-Plan have a pre-existing business relationship. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

CSL at para 8.

By two letters of award dated 6 May 2015 and 1 September 2015 (collectively,
“the Sub-subcontracts”), J-Plan engaged the plaintiff as its subcontractor to
supply and install solid surfaces for, inter alia, various counters and
cabinets in the Watertown Project. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

CSL at paras 9 and 12 to 13.

10 The plaintiff claims that throughout the course of their engagement, J-Plan
was often unable to make timely payment, claiming financial difficulty. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

CSL at para 16.

In view of this, the plaintiff ceased work and stopped delivering surface tops
for the Watertown Project on 24 November 2016. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

CSL at para 20.

The Alleged Direct Deal Agreement

11 In November 2016, Lee Seung Han (known to parties as “Boris”), a
representative of the defendant, was informed by J-Plan’s managing director,
Jeffrey Jalleh (“Mr Jalleh”), that J-Plan was facing cash-flow issues and was
thus facing difficulty in paying its sub-subcontractors on time. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

LSH at para 23.

12 The plaintiff claims that sometime in December 2016, one John Park (“Mr
Park”), a representative of the defendant, visited its office to view their
stock of surface tops for the Watertown Project. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

CSL at paras 21 to 22.

During this meeting, the plaintiff’s director, Chua Siow Lee (“Mr Chua”),
explained to Mr Park that the plaintiff has its stocks ready for delivery and
installation, but because he was worried that J-Plan would not be able to
effect timely payment, the plaintiff had to cease work. Upon hearing this, Mr
Park allegedly said that he would arrange for the defendant to make direct
payments to the plaintiff. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

CSL at para 24.

13 The plaintiff adduced evidence that, sometime between 23 and 27 January
2017, 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Transcript dated 18 May 2021 at p 12, line 26 to p 13, line 19.

J-Plan arranged a meeting at the plaintiff’s office. The persons who attended
this meeting were: Mr Park; J-Plan’s representatives, Mr Jalleh and one
“Ragu”; the plaintiff’s directors, Mr Chua and Chua Seow May (known to parties
as “Chris”); and the plaintiff’s project manager, Janet Khoo (“Ms Khoo”). The
plaintiff claims that the Alleged Direct Deal Agreement was concluded at this
meeting. Its position is that, in consideration of continuing to deliver
surfaces and carry out works under the Sub-subcontracts, the defendant would
pay – on behalf of J-Plan – all monies due to it in accordance with the
payment schedule in the Sub-subcontracts with J-Plan. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

CSL at para 29; Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions dated 5 July 2021 (“PCS”) at
para 19.

The plaintiff further claims that this agreement was recorded in a letter
dated 24 January 2017 sent by J-Plan to it. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

CSL at para 31.

14 The defendant agrees that there was an agreement for it to make direct
payment to the plaintiff in respect of the plaintiff’s work done under its
Sub-subcontractors with J-Plan. However, it rejects: (a) having contracted
with the plaintiff; and (b) the terms of this Alleged Direct Deal Agreement.
Instead, the defendant contends that it agreed with J-Plan, on its behalf, to
make direct payment to the sub-subcontractors (including the plaintiff), upon
J-Plan’s certification of its sub-subcontractors’ works and notifying the
defendant. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

LSH at para 24.

Indeed, this arrangement was requested by J-Plan, not the plaintiff. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

LSH at para 40.

The defendant was not assuming any direct responsibility for J-Plan’s
obligations to its sub-subcontractors by this agreement. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

LSH at para 24.

The defendant further claims that this agreement was recorded in a letter from
J-Plan to the defendant dated 24 November 2016. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

LSH at para 25.

Subsequent events

15 On 11 January 2017, the defendant issued a cheque for the sum of
S$118,784.92 to the plaintiff as payment for the plaintiff’s works. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

CSL at para 26; LSH at para 29.

The defendant claims that this payment was made pursuant to the plaintiff’s
Payment Claim Number 7 dated 29 November 2016. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

LSH at para 28.

16 The plaintiff claims that on 3 February 2017, J-Plan informed the
plaintiff’s representatives at a meeting at the defendant’s site office that
the defendant would stop making direct payment to the plaintiff. This was
because such direct payments were causing J-Plan issues in connection with its
declaration and payment of the goods and service tax (GST). 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

CSL at para 32.

To resolve this problem, J-Plan suggested to the plaintiff that when the
defendant pays J-Plan, it would then pay the plaintiff, ie, on a back-to-back
basis. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

CSL at para 33.

The plaintiff claims that it rejected the proposed arrangement. The plaintiff
also claims that Mr Park then assured the plaintiff’s representatives that the
defendant would continue to make direct payment to the plaintiff. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

CSL at para 37.

17 The defendant agrees that such a meeting took place at its site office.
However, according to the defendant, Mr Jalleh requested for the defendant to
stop making further direct payments to J-Plan’s sub-subcontractors on its
behalf. J-Plan instead proposed to make payment to the plaintiff on a back-to-
back basis (see [16] above) based on the plaintiff’s work done as certified by
J-Plan. Further, J-Plan agreed that the plaintiff could check with the
defendant as to whether the defendant had made payment to J-Plan. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

LSH at para 38.

The defendant claims that the plaintiff did not object to this arrangement and
Mr Park did not represent that the defendant would continue to make direct
payment to the plaintiff. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

LSH at paras 38 to 39.

18 Subsequently, on 1 March 2017, the defendant issued a cheque for the sum of
S$123,352.72 to the plaintiff. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

CSL at para 39; LSH at para 33.

The defendant claims that this payment was made pursuant to the plaintiff’s
Payment Claim Number 8 dated 15 December 2016. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

LSH at para 32.

19 The plaintiff claims that it “kept chasing the [d]efendant and J-Plan” for
payment from April to June 2017. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

CSL at para 40.

Sometime during this period, in May 2017, the plaintiff alleges that, because
neither the defendant nor J-Plan made payment to the plaintiff, the plaintiff
informed them that they would cease works unless payment was made. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

CSL at para 41.

The plaintiff claims that the defendant agreed to pay: (a) S$100,000 on 24 May
2017; and (b) S$200,000 on the first and third week of June 2017, but
ultimately did not do so. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

CSL at paras 42 and 44.

The defendant claims that it did not agree to such an arrangement. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

LSH at paras 47 to 48.

20 The plaintiff also claims that because it did not receive payment for its
works, it initiated a meeting on 12 June 2017 at the site office of the
Watertown Project. Mr Chua, Chris, Ms Khoo, Mr Park, Boris, Mr Jalleh, and
Ragu attended this meeting. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

CSL at para 43.

Parties agree that at this meeting, while approximately S$1,034,098.90
(excluding GST) was due to the plaintiff, the defendant informed the plaintiff
that the balance sum payable from the defendant to J-Plan for work under the
Subcontracts was only approximately S$400,000. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

CSL at para 45; LSH at para 51.

The plaintiff alleges that in order to ensure that the plaintiff continues to
deliver surfaces and carry out its works, the defendant and the plaintiff
agreed that “the [d]efendant would see that the [p]laintiff receive a further
S$300,000.00” by the end of June 2017. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

CSL at para 46.

By contrast, the defendant claims that it only agreed to make a further direct
payment of S$100,000 to the plaintiff on behalf of J-Plan, to be taken from
the balance sum payable from the defendant to J-Plan for work done under the
Subcontracts. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

LSH at para 52.

21 On 14 June 2017, the defendant made a payment of S$107,000 (inclusive of
GST) to the plaintiff, on behalf of J-Plan. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

LSH at para 53.

22 The defendant claims that in July 2017, as the Watertown Project was
nearing completion, the defendant was concerned that J-Plan would not be able
to complete its works and to rectify any defects in its works. It then decided
to transfer a sum of S$321,000 (inclusive of GST) to the plaintiff on behalf
of J-Plan so that the plaintiff could continue its works under the Sub-
subcontracts. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

LSH at paras 56 and 59.

This was intended as an advance payment by the Defendant to J-Plan. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

LSH at paras 56 to 58.

This transfer was effected on 1 August 2017. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

LSH at para 59; CSL at paras 48.

23 Ultimately, the defendant has transferred a total sum of S$670,137.64 to
the plaintiff, with the following breakdown 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

CSL at para 49

:

Date| Amount (inclusive of GST)  
---|---  
11 January 2017 | S$118,784.92  
1 March 2017| S$123,352.72  
14 June 2017| S$107,000  
1 August 2017| S$321,000  
  
24 The plaintiff claims that the defendant still owes it the sum of
S$554,579.75 for its completed works for the Watertown Project in August 2017.
44

##### Foot Note 44

×

CSL at paras 50 and 51.

25 J-Plan was wound up on 6 October 2017. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

CSL at para 5.

The parties’ cases

26 The plaintiff commenced the present action against the defendant for breach
of the Alleged Direct Deal Agreement. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

CSL at para 52.

It alleges that the defendant is liable under the terms of this agreement to
pay for all of its works done for the Watertown Project from the date of
contracting.

27 For completeness, I note that the plaintiff withdrew its claim in
conversion at the start of the trial. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Transcript dated 18 May 2021 at p 3, lines 6 to 12.

28 As stated at [14] above, the defendant agrees that there was an agreement
for it to pay monies directly to the plaintiff. However, it argues that under
the terms of this agreement, it was only obliged to pay the amount due to
J-Plan for J-Plan’s work done under the Subcontracts with the defendant and
did not assume any direct responsibility for J-Plan’s obligations to its sub-
subcontractors. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

LSH at para 24.

My decision

29 At the outset, it should be noted that since both parties agree that there
was some agreement for the plaintiff to receive direct payment for its work
done under Sub-subcontracts (see [26]–[28] above), the present inquiry relates
to the terms of the agreement. Hence, even though the parties’ submissions
were framed as concerning the existence of the Alleged Direct Deal Agreement,
the present inquiry properly concerns whether the plaintiff can prove that the
Alleged Direct Deal Agreement was formed with its concomitant terms. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

PCS at para 40; Defendant’s Closing Submissions dated 28 June 2021 (“DCS”) at
para 73.

30 In this regard, I note that the Court of Appeal in OCBC Capital Investment
Asia Ltd v Wong Hua Choon [2012] 4 SLR 1206 at [41] has emphasised the
importance of documentary evidence: 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

DCS at para 97.

… the first port of call for any court in determining the existence of an
alleged contract and/or its terms would be the relevant documentary evidence.
Where (as in the present case) the issue is whether or not a binding contract
exists between the parties, a contemporaneous written record of the evidence
is obviously more reliable than a witness’s oral testimony given well after
the fact, recollecting what has transpired. Such evidence may be coloured by
the onset of subsequent events and the very factual dispute between the
parties. … Much would depend on the precise factual matrix before the court.
However, it bears reiterating that the court would always look first to the
most reliable and objective evidence as to whether or not a binding contract
was entered into between the parties and such evidence would tend to be
documentary in nature.

[emphasis in original]

31 The plaintiff submits that the existence of the Alleged Direct Deal
Agreement can be inferred from four main points regarding the defendant’s
conduct: 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

PCS at para 40.

(a) The defendant visited the plaintiff in December 2016 and January 2017
despite having no reason to do so.

(b) The defendant assured and represented to the plaintiff that the plaintiff
would continue to receive payment from the defendant; and pursuant to that
assurance and representation, the defendant did continue to make payment to
the plaintiff despite J-Plan telling the defendant that no further direct
payments will be made.

(c) During the meeting on 12 June 2017, Mr Park assured the plaintiff that it
will continue to receive payment.

(d) The defendant continued to pay the plaintiff, doing so on 1 August 2017,
despite this being a point which the plaintiff suggests the defendant no
longer owed any money to J-Plan.

32 In the alternative, the plaintiff submits that the defendant cannot prove
“its defence” that there was no Alleged Direct Deal Agreement. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

PCS at paras 63 to 77.

In this regard, the plaintiff submits that the only witness that could prove
that there was no such agreement concluded between the parties is Mr Park, as
he was purportedly the only representative of the defendant who was present at
the meetings in December 2017 or January 2017. Since the defendant was unable
to call Mr Park to testify at trial, his affidavit of evidence-in-chief is
inadmissible (“AEIC”), and the defendant is therefore unable to prove its
defence.

33 In my judgment, the above submissions are unmeritorious.

34 I pause to first state that the plaintiff’s alternative submission is
patently unmeritorious. While I agree that Mr Park’s AEIC is inadmissible, the
plaintiff clearly bears the burden of proving its case that there is an
Alleged Direct Deal Agreement. He who asserts must prove. It is therefore not
for the defendant to prove a negative, ie, that there was no Alleged Direct
Deal Agreement on the facts.

35 As for the plaintiff’s primary submissions, I will consider the documentary
evidence chronologically and address them in turn.

Early correspondence

36 I begin with the letter dated 24 November 2016 from J-Plan to the defendant
(“J-Plan’s 24 November 2016 letter”) (see [14] above), which is the earliest
documentation of an arrangement for some form of direct payment. That letter
was addressed to Mr Park by Mr Jalleh, and states as follows: 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents (“AB”) at p 768.

Dear Mr Park,

…

Further to our discussion of the above date [ie, 24 November 2016]. We have no
objection to Hyundai paying our sub-contractor their progress claim for work
done in the Watertown Project.

As discussed, [J-Plan] will submit the progress claim for all works done bi-
weekly and authorise Hyundai to deduct from our claim to pay directly to our
sub-contractors with our certification of their respective works. The
following are our sub-contractors:

1) Taishi-Tech (S) Pte Ltd

2) Trend Glass Design Pte Ltd

3) Glass Coatings & Services Pte Ltd

4) DTR Asia Pte Ltd

5) Moi Siong Industries Pte Ltd

We trust the above is acceptable.

Yours Sincerely,

J-Plan Associates Pte Ltd

Jeffrey Jalleh

Managing Director

[emphasis added]

This letter shows that, at that time, the arrangement was for the defendant to
make direct payments to J-Plan’s subcontractors, of which the plaintiff was
one.

37 Next, there is a letter dated 24 January 2017 sent by J-Plan to the
plaintiff (“J-Plan’s 24 January 2017 letter”), which states: 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

AB at p 986.

… J-Plan Associates Pte Ltd undertakes to make payment to Taishi-Tech (S) Pte
Ltd for works undertaken and completed for the above project upon [J-Plan’s]
certification for payment.

Also note that we have requested Hyundai to make direct payment to [Taishi]
for claims starting from November 2016 onwards. All claims before November
2016 will remain under [J-Plan’s] payment to [Taishi].

…

[emphasis added]

This letter only states that the defendant would make direct payment to the
plaintiff in lieu of the defendant paying these sums to J-Plan. J-Plan did not
state in this letter that the defendant undertook to pay all sums due and
owing by J-Plan to the plaintiff. This letter thus shows that in late January
2017, the plaintiff was aware of the arrangement stated in J-Plan’s 24
November 2016 letter.

38 The plaintiff then claims that: (a) the defendant met with the plaintiff
twice, once in December 2016 and once in January 2017 (see [12]–[13] above);
(b) the defendant paid the plaintiff the sum of S$118,784.92 on 11 January
2017 following the earlier meeting in December 2016; and (c) the Alleged
Direct Deal Agreement was concluded in a later meeting in late January 2017.
55

##### Foot Note 55

×

PCS at paras 27 to 30.

39 These claims do not aid the plaintiff. On the plaintiff’s own case, the sum
of S$118,784.92 paid on 11 January 2017 would not be relevant as the plaintiff
claims that the Alleged Direct Deal Agreement was concluded in a meeting in
late January 2017. This point was also conceded by Mr Chua at trial. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

PCS at para 30; Transcript dated 18 May 2021 at p 31, lines 9 to 17.

Moreover, the defendant has shown that it paid this sum of S$118,784.92
pursuant to the arrangement in J-Plan’s 24 November 2016 Letter. In this
regard, the plaintiff has adduced documentary evidence to show that this sum
was paid pursuant to Payment Claim Number 7 dated 29 November 2016, which was
submitted by J-Plan to the defendant for certification. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

AB at p 779; DCS at paras 132 to 133.

Mr Chua also accepted at trial that this was the case. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Transcript dated 18 July 2021 at p 37, lines 4 to 13.

Payment on a back-to-back basis

40 Subsequently, Mr Park met with J-Plan’s and the plaintiff’s representatives
sometime in February 2017. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

PCS at para 55; DCS at paras 24 to 25.

The plaintiff contends that at this meeting, Mr Park orally represented to the
plaintiff’s representatives, Mr Chua and Ms Khoo, that the defendant would
continue to make direct payment to the plaintiff so long as the plaintiff
continues to deliver the works under the Sub-subcontracts. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Statement of Claim Amendment No 2 (“SOC”) at para 14F; PCS at para 55; DCS at
para 24.

41 I am not persuaded by the plaintiff’s contention. On 7 March 2017, J-Plan
sent a letter to the plaintiff, which refers to the meeting on 3 February 2017
(“J-Plan’s 7 March 2017 letter”). This letter states as follows: 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

AB at p 989.

Further to our letter dated 24th January 2017 with reference JPA/LT/16-3822
and our meeting on the 3rd February 2017 at Hyundai site office in the
presence of Mr John Park (Hyundai) and your Mr S. L. Chua ([Taishi]) whereby
we have instructed Hyundai to stop direct payment to all of J-Plan sub-
contractor for the above project as of February 2017.

We have assured you at this meeting that on receipt of payment from Hyundai,
we will do a back to back payment to [Taishi] base [sic] on our certification
for works executed to date. Please note all claims before November 2016 remain
as per our letter dated 24th January 2017.

We are agreeable to your request to verify with Hyundai whether payment is
made to J-Plan.

…

[emphasis added]

This letter essentially states that what transpired at the meeting on 3
February 2017 was that Mr Jalleh sought to reverse the arrangement set out in
J-Plan’s 24 November 2016 letter and J-Plan’s 24 January 2017 letter (see
[36]–[37] above). Mr Jalleh assured the plaintiff that once it received
payment from the defendant, J-Plan would then make payment to the plaintiff on
a “back-to-back” basis, after J-Plan has certified the plaintiff’s work done.
Because J-Plan could only make such payment after receiving monies from the
defendant, J-Plan agreed that the plaintiff could confirm with the defendant
whether the defendant had made payment to J-Plan. Also, while the plaintiff
claims that it objected to J-Plan’s proposals, J-Plan’s 7 March 2017 letter
does not record any objection by the plaintiff to this new arrangement, and
also does not record any assurance given by the defendant to the plaintiff.
The plaintiff also did not adduce evidence to respond to this letter to
dispute its contents. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

DCS at paras 27 to 28.

42 During this period, ie, February to March 2017, the plaintiff also claims
that the defendant paid it the sum of S$123,352.72 on 1 March 2017 pursuant to
the Alleged Direct Deal Agreement. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

CSL at para 49; PCS at para 22(b).

However, as with the sum of S$118,784.92 (see [39] above), the sum of
S$123,352.72 was also paid pursuant to the arrangement set out in J-Plan’s 24
November 2016 letter. From the documentary evidence adduced by the defendant,
I am satisfied that this direct payment was made pursuant to J-Plan’s prior
request to the defendant in January 2017 in respect of the plaintiff’s Payment
Claim Number 8 dated 15 December 2016. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

AB at p 843; LSH at para 42; DCS at para 29.

While the defendant submits that the plaintiff concedes this point at trial, I
note that the question was put to Mr Chua wrongly in part: 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Transcript dated 18 May 2021 at p 38, lines 1 to 10.

Q: And in---the payment response at page 843, J-Plan has certified Taishi’s
works at 123,352.72, correct?

A: Yes.

Q: And this same amount was paid by Hyundai to Taishi on 1st March 2017,
correct?

A: Yes.

Q: Right. So again, like the first payment [ie, the payment of S$118,784.92 on
11 January 2017], it seems that this payment was being made by Hyundai
pursuant to the arrangement that they had with J-Plan set out in the letter
dated 24th November 2017, correct?

A: Yes.

[emphasis added]

There is an error in the last question as the letter is dated 24 November 2016
and not 2017. However, it is clear from the sum referenced that Mr Chua
conceded that the payment was made pursuant to the plaintiff’s Payment Claim
Number 8 dated 15 December 2016. Accordingly, the irresistible inference must
be that it was made pursuant to the arrangement that was found in J-Plan’s 24
November 2016 letter. I therefore find that this payment was not made pursuant
to the Alleged Direct Deal Agreement.

43 The evidence pertaining to subsequent events provide further support that
the defendant’s payments to the plaintiff were not made pursuant to the terms
of the Alleged Direct Deal Agreement, and I detail my reasoning below.

44 On 11 April 2017, Mr Jalleh sent an email to Ms Khoo, setting out the
payment schedule that the plaintiff had requested from J-Plan. J-Plan stated
in this email that “[p]lease note all payment is base [sic] on receipt of
Hyundai[’s] payment to J-Plan”. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

AB at p 1001.

Ms Khoo’s email response on 13 April 2017 also showed that, while she
disagreed with J-Plan’s proposed payment schedule, she did not dispute the
statement that payment would only be made by J-Plan on J-Plan’s receipt of
payment from the defendant. Hence, this suggests that the plaintiff accepted
that payment by J-Plan to the plaintiff was to be on a “back-to-back” basis,
ie, following payment from the defendant to J-Plan. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

DCS at paras 115 to 116.

Meeting on 12 June 2017

45 I turn to a central point of contention between the parties, which is a
meeting on 12 June 2017 between the plaintiff’s and the defendant’s
representatives at the defendant’s site office (“the 12 June 2017 meeting”).
68

##### Foot Note 68

×

SOC at para 14K.

46 The plaintiff contends that at this meeting, parties discussed and agreed
on the following: 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

SOC at paras 14K to 14L.

(a) A sum of S$100,000 (excluding GST) which was “agreed to be released to the
plaintiff by J-Plan and the defendant” on 24 May 2017 was not received, and
the defendant agreed to pay the plaintiff this sum paid by 14 June 2017
instead.

(b) The defendant was to pay the plaintiff a sum of S$200,000 (excluding GST)
on the first and third week of June 2017, but it was now agreed that this sum
was to paid upon the handover of works sometime in the end of June 2017.

(c) After the payment of S$300,000, the defendant still owed J-Plan the sum of
approximately S$400,000.

The plaintiff claims that at this meeting on 12 June 2017, Mr Park reassured
its representatives, Mr Chua, Chris, and Ms Khoo, that the plaintiff would
continue to receive payment from the defendant pursuant to the Alleged Direct
Deal Agreement. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

PCS at paras 40 and 55.

The plaintiff submits in support, the fact of the defendant’s subsequent
payments of S$107,000 (including GST) on 14 June 2017 and S$321,000 (including
GST) on 1 August 2017. Its position is that these payments were made in
accordance with the Alleged Direct Deal Agreement. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

PCS at para 40.

47 However, as the defendant correctly submits, the minutes of the 12 June
2017 meeting (“the 12 June 2017 minutes”) do not support the plaintiff’s case.
The 12 June 2017 minutes states as follows: 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

AB at p 1045.

Meeting called by: Main Con- Hyundai

Note taker: Ms Janet Khoo

Attendees: Mr John Park (Hyundai); Mr Jeffrey Jalleh ([J-Plan]); Mr SL Chua
([Taishi]), Ms Janet Khoo ([Taishi]) & Ms Chris Chua ([Taishi])

DISCUSSION Status of collection

• Non-receipt payment of $100 K as agreed release on 24 May 2017

• Release of Payment from Hyundai (on-behalf of [J-Plan]) which was agreed on
1st week and 3rd week of June 2017 for the amount of $200k (before GST)

• The balance of outstanding for whole project. (up-to-date outstanding :
$1,034,098.90) which is $1,401,177.81-$367,078.91 (total work done plus VO –
total payment received) ; the amount mentioned above is before GST.

• The outstanding amount to [J-Plan] from Hyundai for watertown Project is
only left $400K plus (include retention).which is insufficient to pay to
[Taishi] for the outstanding payment.

CONCLUSIONS

No -concrete solution/ proposal given by Mr Jeffrey ([J-Plan]) yet ,meanwhile
waiting for fund to come in by [J-Plan] ( $100K) and Hyundai ($200K or more )
. The fund to be transfer [sic] to [Taishi’s] current account by [J-Plan]
should be this week, Hyundai’s fund ( $100K , which agreed pay [sic] on 1st
week of June) will be transfer [sic] to [Taishi’s] account latest by 14 June
2017. And the balance of agreed amount will be release [sic] upon handover by
end of June 2017 .

ACTION ITEMS

…

Hyundai ( Mr John Park) request [J-Plan] must pay [Taishi’s] outstanding
payment due to Mr John Park has given assurance that they will be on a back-
to-back basis on payment to [Taishi] during the meeting at [Taishi’s] office .
(See attached)

…

[emphasis added in italics; emphasis in original in bold]

48 Firstly, with regard to the agreement that the defendant will pay the
plaintiff S$100,000 (excluding GST) by 14 June 2017, the defendant accepts
that it did make direct payment of S$107,000 (ie, $100,000 + GST) on that date
pursuant to the discussion at the 12 June 2017 meeting. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

DCS at para 150.

However, the defendant claims that this payment was not pursuant to the
Alleged Direct Deal Agreement, but was on made on behalf of J-Plan, on a back-
to-back basis. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

DCS at paras 144 and 151.

49 The documentary evidence weighs heavily in favour of the defendant’s
version of events. To begin with, the “CONCLUSIONS” in the 12 June 2017
minutes state in clear terms that this obligation is owed by J-Plan to the
plaintiff, and Chris accepted this point at trial. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Transcript dated 20 May 2021 at p 38, lines 5 to 13.

Moreover, under the “ACTION ITEMS”, Mr Park’s assurance was in respect of
payment to the plaintiff on a “back-to-back basis”. The plaintiff submits that
this merely showed “a variation of the method in which the [d]efendant will
pay [the] [p]laintiff as agreed under the [Alleged] Direct Deal Agreement”, 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

PCS at para 56.

which is an unconvincing, ad hoc explanation. Hence, I find that the payment
of S$107,000 from the defendant to the plaintiff on 14 June 2017 was not made
pursuant to the Alleged Direct Deal Agreement.

50 Secondly, with regard to the defendant’s payment of S$300,000 (excluding
GST) to the plaintiff on 1 August 2017, the defendant accepts that it did
transfer a sum of S$321,000 (ie, S$300,000 + GST) to the plaintiff, 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

DCS at para 152.

and the invoice and correspondence adduced by the defendant indicate that this
sum was received by the plaintiff on that date. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

See AB pp 1081-1083

However, the defendant submits that this sum was an advance payment from the
defendant to J-Plan, and was paid directly to the plaintiff on behalf of
J-Plan. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

DCS at para 153.

The defendant did so because as the Watertown Project was nearing completion,
the defendant was concerned that J-Plan would not be able to complete its
works. In particular, the defendant was aware that the plaintiff was not
prepared to continue with their works in the Watertown Project unless it was
paid, so a direct payment to the plaintiff on behalf of J-Plan would allow the
plaintiff to continue its Sub-subcontract works.

51 I am persuaded by the defendant’s submission as it is supported by clear
documentary evidence. On 28 July 2017, Boris of the defendant sent an email to
Mr Jalleh of J-Plan, which states 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

LSH at p 420

:

We refer to the discussion between your Mr Jeffrey Jalleh and our Mr JH Park
on 26 May 2017 at Watertown site office.

As discussed, there is a sum of about [$840,640.96] due from [J-Plan] to its
own sub-contractor, [Taishi], under [Taishi’s] sub-contract with J-Plan
(“[Taishi] Sub-contract”). We understand from you that [Taishi] are not
prepared to continue their works in the above project unless they are paid.

At J-Plan’s request, we are prepared to extend an advance payment in the sum
of $300,000 to J-Plan, by making a direct payment to [Taishi] on behalf of
J-Plan, in order for [Taishi] to continue its works under [Taishi’s] Sub-
contract in the above project.

For the avoidance of doubt, this payment to [Taishi] on behalf of J-Plan is an
advance from Hyundai to J-Plan, and may be recovered from J-Plan, including
deducting from any sums due from Hyundai to J-Plan, whether for work done
under this project or otherwise.

Please confirm by Tomorrow (29th July 2017), 11am that we may proceed to make
direct payment of $300,000 to [Taishi] on behalf of J-Plan.

Further to this email on 28 July 2017, Boris had a telephone call with Mr
Jalleh on 31 July 2017 during which the latter confirmed to the former that
the defendant could proceed to make direct payment pursuant to the arrangement
in that email. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

LSH at para 58.

This conversation was recorded in an email from Boris to Mr Jalleh on 31 July
2017, which states as follows 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

LSH at p 420

:

We refer to our email on Friday, 28 July 2017. We also refer to the telephone
discussion between your Mr Jeffrey Jalleh and our Mr Boris Lee earlier this
morning.

As discussed, you have confirmed that we can proceed to make direct payment of
the sum of $300,000 to [Taishi] on your behalf.

For completeness, this payment to [Taishi] on behalf of J-Plan is an advance
from Hyundai to J-Plan, and may be recovered from J-Plan.

…

[emphasis added]

These emails therefore show that the offer by the defendant for direct payment
of S$300,000 (excluding GST) to the plaintiff was simply an advance payment by
the defendant to J-Plan, made directly to the plaintiff because J-Plan owed
the plaintiff monies under the Sub-subcontracts. Accordingly, the plaintiff’s
submission that this sum was paid to the plaintiff even though the defendant
did not owe J-Plan any money at that time is unmeritorious (see [31(d)]
above). Hence, I find that the payment of S$300,000 was not made pursuant to
the Alleged Direct Deal Agreement.

52 Lastly, I note that there is nothing in the 12 June 2017 minutes which
supports the plaintiff’s assertion that Mr Park had reassured the plaintiff’s
representatives that the plaintiff will receive payment in accordance with the
Alleged Direct Deal Agreement. Instead, the content of these minutes show that
payment on a back-to-back basis, ie, from the defendant to J-Plan and then to
the plaintiff, was still operative.

53 Overall, there is insufficient evidence to show that the Alleged Direct
Deal Agreement existed. Instead, I am satisfied by the extensive documentary
evidence adduced that it was only agreed that the defendant would directly pay
the plaintiff the sums it owed J-Plan, for J-Plan’s work in the Watertown
Project. Accordingly, the defendant did not contract to pay all monies due to
the plaintiff for the plaintiff’s work done for the Watertown Project. The
terms of this agreement are different to those under the Alleged Direct Deal
Agreement. Hence, I find that the Alleged Direct Deal Agreement, with its
concomitant terms, did not exist.

Conclusion

54 For the above reasons, I dismiss the plaintiff’s claim.

55 As for costs, I note that the plaintiff has asked the court to “exercise
its inherent jurisdiction to not award the [d]efendant with costs”. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions on Costs (“PCS on Costs”) dated 14 July 2021
at para 3.

While the plaintiff’s plight may be unfortunate, I do not find that there is
sufficient reason to depart from the usual rule of costs in the cause. The
defendant made submissions on additional costs on account of various matters,
but I am of the view that I can take those into account in awarding costs in
the round. The parties agree that under the Costs Guidelines in Appendix G of
the Supreme Court Practice Directions, the daily tariff for the present trial
should be S$15,000. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

PCS on Costs at para 17; DCS at para 171.

Given that the trial was completed in 3.5 days, the plaintiff is to pay the
defendant costs of S$52,500.

Lee Seiu Kin  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Choh Thian Chee Irving, Lim Bee Li and Wong Zhen Yang (Optimus Chambers LLC)
for the plaintiff;

Chan Kah Keen Melvin (TSMP Law Corporation) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 07 Sep 2021 (12:30 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

