Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHCR 7

Admiralty in Rem No 14 of 2021 (Summons No 1924 of 2021)

Admiralty action in Rem against the vessel “BIG FISH”

Between

Owner and/or Demise Charterer of the vessel(s) “BARUNA 1”, “BPL 1”  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

Owner of the vessel “BIG FISH”  
---  
  
… Defendant

JUDGMENT

[Conflict of Laws] — [Forum election] — [Lis alibi pendens]

[Civil Procedure] — [Striking out]

[Admiralty and Shipping] — [Practice and procedure of action in rem] — [Duty
of disclosure]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
The “Big Fish”

[2021] SGHCR 7

General Division of the High Court — Admiralty in Rem No 14 of 2021 (Summons
No 1924 of 2021)  
Navin Anand AR  
29 June 2021

6 August 2021 Judgment reserved.

Navin Anand AR:

Introduction

1 It has been said that every port is an admiralty emporium. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Per Lord Simon in The Atlantic Star [1974] AC 436 at 473.

Quite often, an action is commenced in a jurisdiction without any real
connection to the underlying dispute, for the purpose of arresting the ship
and obtaining security for the plaintiff’s claim. This happens for a host of
reasons, but a recurrent one in the shipping industry where one-ship companies
are commonplace is that the defendant’s only asset is the ship, and the only
realistic recourse for the plaintiff is to arrest the ship in any jurisdiction
which she happens to enter.

2 Where ship arrest is effected under such circumstances, two issues may come
to the fore. First, there may be a multiplicity of proceedings, arising from
simultaneous actions being brought in Singapore and a foreign jurisdiction
between the same parties. Second, where the underlying dispute is governed by
the law of another country, there may be a question of whether the court
hearing the application for arrest is adequately sensitised to the existence
of a limitation period under that foreign law, if applicable.

3 Both issues were brought into sharp focus in the present dispute. The
Plaintiff arrested the Defendant’s vessel “BIG FISH” (“Vessel”) in Singapore
for loss and damage arising out of a vessel collision, after the Defendant had
commenced proceedings in Indonesia for the same collision. Following the
arrest, the Plaintiff filed a counterclaim against the Defendant in the
Indonesian proceedings based on the collision as well.

4 In this application, the Defendant seeks, inter alia, to (a) force the
Plaintiff to elect between proceedings in Singapore and Indonesia, (b) strike
out the Singapore action for being time-barred, and (c) set aside the arrest
on the basis that the Plaintiff had failed to bring certain material facts to
the court’s attention at the time it applied for the warrant of arrest.

5 After hearing the parties, I make no order on the prayers for forum election
and dismiss the prayer for striking out. However, I set aside the warrant of
arrest for material non-disclosure, with the issue of wrongful arrest (and any
damages to be awarded thereon) to be reserved to the trial judge. I set out my
full grounds below.

Background facts

The Collision

6 The Plaintiff is the registered owner of the tugboat “BARUNA 1” and the flat
top barge “BPL 1”. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

1st Affidavit of Lim Min Isabel dated 11 February 2021 (“Arrest Affidavit”) at
para 5.

The Defendant is the registered owner of the Vessel. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Ibid at p13.

7 On 22 January 2019, there was a collision between the “BPL 1” (while towed
by the “BARUNA 1”) and the Vessel in the Java Sea, within Indonesian
territorial waters (“Collision”). 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

1st Affidavit of Anna Kountouriotou dated 26 April 2021 (“Kountouriotou’s
Affidavit”) at paras 4-5.

Both parties have alleged that the Collision was caused by the negligence of
the other, and each claimed to have suffered loss and damage as a result.

The Indonesian and Singapore Actions

8 On 21 January 2021, the Defendant commenced proceedings in the East Jakarta
District Court (“Indonesian Action”), just shy of the two-year anniversary of
the Collision. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Ibid at para 6.

In the Indonesian Action, the Defendant claimed against the Plaintiff for loss
and damage arising out of the Collision.

9 On 11 February 2021 (ie, after the two-year anniversary of the Collision),
the Plaintiff issued an in rem writ in HC/ADM 14/2021 against the Defendant
for loss and damage suffered by reason of the Collision (“Singapore Action”).
On the same day, the Plaintiff’s solicitors attended before Assistant
Registrar Miyapan Ramu (“AR Ramu”) and obtained a warrant of arrest against
the Vessel.

10 The Vessel was arrested in Singapore on 13 February 2021 (“Arrest”). The
Vessel was released on 15 February 2021, after the Defendant provided security
by way of a letter of undertaking from its P&I Club, Gard (UK) Limited
(“LOU”). 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Ibid at para 10.

The Defendant furnished the LOU under protest and with full reservation of its
rights. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Ibid at para 9.

11 On 5 April 2021 (ie, nearly two months after the Arrest), the Plaintiff
filed a counterclaim against the Defendant in the Indonesian Action
(“Indonesian Counterclaim”), seeking the same substantive remedies as in the
Singapore Action (ie, for loss and damage suffered from the Collision). 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Ibid at para 35.

The Plaintiff also sought a conservatory attachment over the Vessel, 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Ibid at p275.

which is a remedy available under Indonesian law for a party to obtain pre-
judgment security (akin in that sense to a ship arrest). 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

1st Affidavit of Dr Akhmad Budi Cahyono dated 20 May 2021 (“Cahyono’s 1st
Affidavit”) at paras 79-82. 2nd Affidavit of Dr Akhmad Budi Cahyono dated 15
June 2021 (“Cahyono’s 2nd Affidavit”) at paras 55-56.

12 In light of this development, the Defendant’s solicitors emailed the
Plaintiff’s solicitors on 13 April 2021 and sought their confirmation on which
of the two court actions (ie, the Singapore Action and the Indonesian
Counterclaim) the Plaintiff intended to maintain. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Kountouriotou’s Affidavit at para 38.

In the same email, the Defendant’s solicitors highlighted the upcoming
timelines for the exchange of electronic track data and the filing of the
preliminary acts, and proposed that these timelines be deferred by two weeks
pending the Plaintiff’s confirmation.

13 The Plaintiff’s solicitors responded the next day (ie, 14 April 2021), but
provided no such confirmation. They instead stated that the Plaintiff was
ready with its electronic track data. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Ibid at p302.

The Plaintiff also filed its preliminary act under O 70 r 17(2) of the Rules
of Court (2014 Rev Ed) (“Rules”).

14 I saw the parties at a pre-trial conference on 15 April 2021, and directed
the Defendant to file, by 26 April 2021, either its preliminary act or an
application to compel the Plaintiff to elect between the Singapore Action and
the Indonesian Counterclaim. I indicated to parties that directions for the
exchange of electronic track data would be held over to the next pre-trial
conference, or given by way of correspondence from the court if no application
was taken up by the Defendant.

15 On 19 April 2021, the Plaintiff’s solicitors emailed the Defendant’s
solicitors to ask if the Defendant was prepared to extend the security
provided for the Singapore Action to the Indonesian Counterclaim. The relevant
parts of the email read as follows: 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Ibid at p307.

…

Our clients have commenced their claims in Singapore on the basis that they
can obtain security for their claims, as compared to commencing their claims
in Indonesia.

However, if the Defendants are contemplating proceedings in Indonesia to
resolve their claims against our clients in Indonesia, please let us know if
your clients are prepared to extend the security provided for our clients in
Singapore to the [Indonesian Counterclaim], so that our clients can make their
claims in Indonesia instead.

In any event, if your clients are not prepared to do so, we will proceed with
our clients’ claims in Singapore. Please also let us know if your clients wish
to proceed with their claims in Singapore.

…

16 The Defendant filed the present application on 26 April 2021, evidently
refusing to extend the LOU to the Indonesian Counterclaim.

17 On 27 April 2021, the parties attended before the East Jakarta District
Court. Without any prior notice to the Defendant, the Plaintiff sought leave
to revoke the Indonesian Counterclaim. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

2nd Affidavit of Sahat A.M. Siahaan dated 15 June 2021 (“Siahaan’s Affidavit”)
at paras 9-12.

The revocation would have the effect of a withdrawal of the Indonesian
Counterclaim. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions (“DWS”) at paras 13-14.

The Plaintiff proceeded in this manner due to the security furnished in the
Singapore Action and its belief that the Defendant would be the “net paying
party” for the Collision. This is explained by the Plaintiff’s Indonesian
lawyers, as follows: 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

1st Affidavit of Andrew Sutedja dated 27 May 2021 (“Sutedja’s Affidavit”) at
para 47.

… we have revoked the Indonesian Counterclaim on 27 April 2021 … because the
Plaintiff’s claim that arising [sic] out of the ships collision will be
significantly more that [sic] the Defendant’s claim because it is the opinion
of the Plaintiff and their maritime experts that the Defendant’s vessel, is
fully, if not at least 90% to blame for the ships collision. The Defendant
will therefore be the net paying party of damages to the Plaintiff and the
Plaintiff requires security to ensure that its claim will be paid by the
Defendant, which could be acquired in the Singapore jurisdiction.

[emphasis added]

18 After hearing the parties, the East Jakarta District Court permitted the
Plaintiff to revoke the Indonesian Counterclaim and re-file its statement of
defence. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Siahaan’s Affidavit at para 13.

The East Jakarta District Court also emphasised that the Plaintiff would not
be permitted to change its statement of defence and file any counterclaim in
the Indonesian Action following the revocation. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Siahaan’s Affidavit at para 15.

The parties’ positions

19 The Defendant seeks the following reliefs in this application:

(a) the Plaintiff be made to elect between the Singapore Action and the
Indonesian Counterclaim, and should the Plaintiff elect to proceed with the
Indonesian Counterclaim, for the Singapore Action to be discontinued;

(b) the Singapore Action be struck out pursuant to O 18 rr 19(1)(a) –19(1)(d)
of the Rules and the inherent jurisdiction of the court;

(c) the warrant of arrest be set aside for material non-disclosure; and

(d) the Plaintiff be ordered to pay damages for wrongful arrest.

20 The Defendant submits that the Plaintiff’s claim in the Singapore Action
and the Indonesian Counterclaim gives rise to a clear case of lis alibi
pendens. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

DWS at paras 7-11.

Even despite the revocation of the Indonesian Counterclaim, the Defendant
contends that it is open to the court to find that the Plaintiff had not made
an election and be ordered to do so. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Ibid at paras 14-18.

21 Independent of its prayer to put the Plaintiff to an election, the
Defendant argues that the Singapore Action should be struck out, and the
warrant of arrest set aside, on the following grounds:

(a) The Collision occurred in Indonesian territorial waters, and would be
governed by Indonesian law. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Ibid at para 24(a).

The limitation period for collision claims is two years from the date of the
collision pursuant to Article 742 of the Indonesian Commercial Code (also
known as Kitab Undang-Undang Hukum Dagang or “KUHD”). 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Ibid at paras 26(b), 27.1-27.2.

Accordingly, the limitation period for claims arising out of the Collision
expired on 22 January 2021. Since the Singapore Action was commenced on 11
February 2021, it was time-barred and should be struck out for being legally
and factually unsustainable. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Ibid at paras 20-23, 26(d).

(b) There was material non-disclosure by the Plaintiff in the course of
obtaining the warrant of arrest. The Plaintiff failed to disclose six
“material facts” to the court, 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Ibid at paras 79-97.

but the chief complaint concerned the failure to disclose and draw AR Ramu’s
attention to the two-year limitation period under Article 742 of the KUHD,
with the Plaintiff’s solicitors representing to him instead that the
limitation period under Indonesian law is 30 years. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Ibid at para 80.

22 The Defendant also seeks damages for wrongful arrest. It contends that the
Plaintiff’s material non-disclosure misled the court, and that the Arrest was
malicious or at least grossly negligent. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Ibid at paras 103-107.

23 On the other hand, the Plaintiff’s solicitors accept that there existed a
duplicity of actions in Singapore and Indonesia at the time of the
application. However, they argue that it is unnecessary for the court to order
an election since the Indonesian Counterclaim has been revoked. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions (“PWS”) at para 7.

24 The Plaintiff also submits that the Singapore Action should not be struck
out, as there is a genuine triable issue on the applicable limitation period
for vessel collision claims under Indonesian law. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Ibid at para 44.

Notwithstanding Article 742 of the KUHD which prescribes a two-year time bar
for vessel collision claims, the Plaintiff argues that it is entitled to rely
on the general limitation period of 30 years for tort claims provided under
Article 1967 of the Indonesian Civil Code. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Ibid at para 31.

Furthermore, the court should not at this stage decide between conflicting
expert evidence on Indonesian law. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Ibid at para 17.

In the event that the limitation period for collision claims is two years, the
Plaintiff contends that the limitation period was interrupted by the
Plaintiff’s letter of demand dated 18 July 2019 (“Letter of Demand”) to Star
Bulk Shipmanagement Company (Cyprus) Ltd (“Star Bulk”), the ship managers of
the Vessel. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Ibid at paras 35-40.

25 The Plaintiff’s solicitors accept that they did not disclose the existence
of the two-year limitation period under Article 742 of the KUHD when they
applied for the warrant of arrest. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Ibid at para 15.

Nevertheless, they submit that this “omission” does not justify the setting
aside of the Arrest. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Ibid at para 19.

As such, the Plaintiff submits that the Defendant’s application should be
dismissed with costs.

Issues

26 The Defendant’s application can be analysed in three parts. I propose to
deal first with the issue of forum election. I will next consider whether it
is appropriate to strike out the Singapore Action for being time-barred.
Finally, I will consider the allegations of material non-disclosure, and
decide whether to set aside the warrant of arrest and award damages for
wrongful arrest.

Issue 1 – Forum election

27 The present case involves a common plaintiff lis alibi pendens, where the
same plaintiff sues the same defendant in Singapore and abroad in respect of
the same subject matter: see Virsagi Management (S) Pte Ltd v Welltech
Construction Pte Ltd and another appeal [2013] 4 SLR 1097 (“Virsagi”) at [27].
This engages the doctrine of forum election, where the court will compel the
plaintiff to elect one jurisdiction to pursue the claim, because the pursuit
of concurrent proceedings is prima facie vexatious unless there are very
unusual circumstances to justify it (see Virsagi at [31]). Once the defendant
establishes a duplicity of actions in different jurisdictions, the burden then
shifts to the plaintiff to justify the continuation of concurrent proceedings
by showing “very unusual circumstances” (see Virsagi at [30]).

28 There is no doubt that the Singapore Action and the Indonesian Counterclaim
are duplicitous. Put simply, both involve the same parties, concern the same
issues, and arise from the same underlying factual matrix (ie, the Collision).
This is common ground, and the Plaintiff has not put forward any reason, much
less any “unusual circumstances”, to justify the concurrent pursuit of its
claim in Singapore and in Indonesia. Such conduct would therefore be prima
facie vexatious.

29 However, the vexatious conduct present at the time of filing ceased to
exist by the time the application was heard. By then, the Plaintiff had
elected to pursue its claim in the Singapore Action, as evidenced by:

(a) its revocation of the Indonesian Counterclaim on 27 April 2021 (see
[17]–[18] above), and its refiling of its statement of defence in the
Indonesian Action; 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Letter from Gurbani & Co LLC dated 5 July 2021.

and

(b) its position on affidavit that it revoked the Indonesian Counterclaim
because it required the LOU furnished in the Singapore Action to obtain
satisfaction of its claim (see [17] above).

30 Both matters unequivocally signalled the Plaintiff’s intention to pursue
its claim in Singapore and bring the Indonesian Counterclaim to an end.

31 Since the Plaintiff has made an affirmative election, it is unnecessary to
put the Plaintiff to an election, and I make no order on those prayers: see
Ang Ming Chuang v Singapore Airlines Ltd (Civil Aeronautics Administration,
third party) [2005] 1 SLR(R) 409 at [13]–[14]. Nevertheless, I find that the
Defendant should be entitled to costs, as the Plaintiff did not make an
election until after this application was filed, despite reasonable requests
from the Defendant to do so (see [12]–[13] above).

Issue 2 – Striking out

General principles

32 The parties do not dispute that the Collision occurred in Indonesian
territorial waters, and hence any tort committed would be governed by the laws
of Indonesia. Accordingly, it is the limitation period under Indonesian law
which applies, pursuant to s 3(1) of the Foreign Limitation Periods Act (Cap
111A, 2013 Rev Ed).

33 In this case, the Defendant’s application to strike out based on a time bar
requires it to establish three cumulative points:

(a) First, the limitation period under Indonesian law for vessel collision
claims is two years from the date of the collision pursuant to Article 742 of
the KUHD.

(b) Second, the Letter of Demand to Star Bulk did not interrupt this
limitation period, and therefore the Singapore Action is time-barred.

(c) Third, a time-barred claim is liable to be struck out.

34 The Plaintiff has no quarrel with the third proposition. This must be
correct, because a claim that is time-barred is legally unsustainable, and
will be struck out for being “frivolous and vexatious” or an abuse of process
under O 18 rr 19(1)(b) and 19(1)(d) of the Rules: see Liew Soon Fook Michael
and another v Yi Kai Development Pte Ltd [2017] SGHC 88 at [18]–[19] and
[32]–[35].

35 As such, the striking out application turns on two issues of Indonesian law
(viz, the applicable limitation period for vessel collision claims, and
whether this limitation period was interrupted by the Letter of Demand), which
are treated under our law as questions of fact: see Pacific Recreation Pte Ltd
v S Y Technology Inc and another appeal [2008] 2 SLR(R) 491 at [54].

36 Thus, to succeed in its striking out application, the Defendant must show
that the Plaintiff’s claim is factually unsustainable. Specifically, the
Defendant has to prove that the Plaintiff’s expert evidence is unsustainable.
In approaching this issue, I make two brief points.

(a) The threshold for striking out based on factual unsustainability is a high
one. It requires the court to say with confidence before trial that the
factual basis is entirely without substance: see The “Bunga Melati 5” [2012] 4
SLR 546 at [39].

(b) Save for plain and obvious cases, the court should generally refrain from
making a determination based on conflicting affidavit evidence. As succinctly
explained by George Wei J in Antariksa Logistics Pte Ltd and others v Nurdian
Cuaca and others [2018] 3 SLR 117 (at [79]):

… [T]he Court should only exercise its power to strike out in ‘plain and
obvious’ cases. This power is to be exercised with caution, as striking out
will have the effect of depriving a litigant of the opportunity to have his
claim tried by the court: Kwa Ban Cheong [v Kuah Boon Sek [2003] 3 SLR(R) 644]
at [29], citing North West Water Ltd v Binnie & Partners [1990] 3 All ER 547
at 553. I am fully cognisant that the role of the court at this stage is not
to carry out a minute and protracted examination of the documents and the
facts of the case: see Gabriel Peter & Partners (suing as a firm) v Wee Chong
Jin and others [1997] 3 SLR(R) 649 at [18] and The Osprey [1999] 3 SLR(R) 1099
at [6]. Otherwise, the court hearing the striking out application would
effectively be usurping the proper function of the trial court, and conducting
a trial of the case in chambers on affidavits only, without discovery and
without evidence tested by cross-examination in the ordinary way: see Ko Teck
Siang v Low Fong Mei [1992] 1 SLR(R) 22 at [15], citing Wenlock v Moloney
[1965] 2 All ER 871 at 874. Instead, the correct question for the court to ask
is whether the commencement of the present suit constitutes a plain and
obvious case of an abuse of the process of the court. [emphasis in original]

37 With these principles in mind, I turn to examine the expert evidence.

The competing expert evidence

38 The Plaintiff’s expert on Indonesian law is Dr Susanti Adi Nugroho (“Dr
Nugroho”), while the Defendant’s expert on Indonesian law is Dr Akhmad Budi
Cahyono (“Dr Cahyono”).

39 Before considering their views, I should point out that the Plaintiff had
exhibited an opinion (“Sutedja’s Opinion”) by Mr Andrew Sutedja (“Mr Sutedja”)
of Sutedja and Associates in the affidavit supporting the application for a
warrant of arrest (“Arrest Affidavit”). 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Arrest Affidavit at para 14 and pp109-116. Sutedja’s Affidavit at para 8.

Mr Sutedja acted for the Plaintiff in the Indonesian Action, 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Sutedja’s Affidavit at paras 46-47.

and Sutedja’s Opinion was cited in the Arrest Affidavit for the proposition
that the limitation period for vessel collision claims under Indonesian law is
30 years from the occurrence of the collision. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Arrest Affidavit at para 14.

Although Mr Sutedja filed an affidavit in this application, essentially to
restate his views in Sutedja’s Opinion and give evidence on other matters of
Indonesian law, it is clear that the Plaintiff does not regard him as its
Indonesian law expert. Instead, the Plaintiff relies solely on Dr Nugroho’s
evidence in its submissions on the applicable limitation period under
Indonesian law. This is perhaps unsurprising, given that Mr Sutedja was an
advocate for the Plaintiff’s cause (in the true sense of the word) and his
evidence would not be regarded as independent: see Vita Health Laboratories
Pte Ltd and others v Pang Seng Meng [2004] 4 SLR(R) 162 at [82]–[83]. I will
return to Sutedja’s Opinion when dealing with material non-disclosure, but it
suffices for me to state that I do not place any weight on Mr Sutedja’s
evidence on Indonesian law.

(1) Experts’ views on the limitation period

40 Dr Cahyono’s evidence was that all maritime matters, including vessel
collisions, are governed by the KUHD. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Cahyono 1st Affidavit at paras 14-16.

A claim for loss and damage arising from a vessel collision is characterised
as a claim in tort under Indonesian law, 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Cahyono 2nd Affidavit at para 8.

and the limitation period for such claims is two years from the date of the
incident under Article 742 of the KUHD. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Cahyono 1st Affidavit at para 17.

Article 742 reads as follows: 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Ibid at p215.

Article 742 [KUHD]

After the lapse of two years, all legal claims become time-barred:

1\. for compensation for damage caused either by collision or in a manner
stated in Art. 544 and 544a, first paragraph;

2\. for (rescue) assistance fee.

These time bars begin as follows:

From the 1st day of the collision or of the damage being inflicted;

From the 2nd day on which the assistance was terminated …

41 The time bar in Article 742 of the KUHD is “extinctive”, and results in the
loss of a right or the right being forfeited. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Ibid at paras 13 and 19.

According to Dr Cahyono, the Indonesian courts have consistently applied
Article 742 of the KUHD in vessel collision matters. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Ibid at para 20.

42 Dr Cahyono accepted that Article 1967 of the Indonesian Civil Code laid
down a general limitation period of 30 years for tort claims. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Ibid at para 21.

However, where there existed specific provisions stipulating a shorter
limitation period for specified cases, this would apply to the exclusion of
Article 1967. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Ibid at para 22.

This was based on the well-established maxim under Indonesian law, “lex
specialis derogate legi generali”, which meant that a law governing a specific
subject matter (lex specialis) overrides a law governing only general matters
(lex generalis). 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Ibid at para 25.

This maxim was codified in Article 1 of the KUHD, which states: 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Ibid at paras 23-27 and p215.

Article 1 [KUHD]

Insofar as there are no special deviations in this Code from the [Indonesian
Civil Code], the Civil Code shall also be applicable to matters discussed in
this Code.

43 As such, the two-year limitation period in Article 742 of the KUHD for
vessel collisions claims is a lex specialis, which overrides the general
limitation period of 30 years under Article 1967 of the Indonesian Civil Code.
48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Ibid at para 26.

Vessel collision claims have a shorter limitation period due to the nature of
the maritime industry, in which speed is of the essence. Dr Cahyono, citing an
academic treatise by H.M.N. Purwosutijpto, explained: 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Ibid at para 30.

The shorter statute of limitations is affected by the nature of marine
commerce, in which “speed is of the essence” that constitutes an absolute
element in marine commerce. A vessel that has just arrived from a voyage must,
not long after its arrival, be readied to sail again. If the right to lodge
vessel claims is protracted, it would have a knock-on impact on [a vessel’s]
ability to continue to earn revenue [for its owners].

44 In contrast, Dr Nugroho’s evidence on this issue was markedly less clear.
She accepted that the limitation period for vessel collision claims is set out
in Article 742 of the KUHD, but contended that the article could not be
applied “absolutely and formally”. In the words of Dr Nugroho: 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

1st Affidavit of Dr Susanti Adi Nugroho dated 26 May 2021 (“Nugroho’s
Affidavit”) at paras 17-18.

17\. For issues in relation with legal claims for damages that occur due to
the vessel collision based on the provisions of Article 742 of the KUHD, the
limitation period within 2 (two) years is justifiable, if since the time of
the vessel collision occurs … until the 2 (two) years passed, the aggrieved
Party does not take any legal action whatsoever to resolve the dispute.

18\. I am of the opinion that the limitation period for damage claims based on
the existence of a vessel collision has been regulated in Article 742 of the
KUHD cannot be applied absolutely and formally…

[emphasis added]

45 Dr Nugroho did not elaborate on the circumstances under which Article 742
of the KUHD would not apply to a vessel collision claim. However, she asserted
that the 30-year limitation period under Article 1967 of the Indonesian Civil
Code applied in this case because the Plaintiff’s claim was one in tort under
Article 1365 of the Indonesian Civil Code. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Nugroho’s Affidavit at paras 20-24.

(2) Experts’ views on interrupting the limitation period

46 The Defendant submits that the Plaintiff’s claim was time-barred after 22
January 2021.

47 According to Dr Cahyono, the two-year limitation period in Article 742 of
the KUHD may be interrupted in one of two ways: (a) filing legal proceedings
in court, and (b) pursuant to Article 1979 of the Indonesian Civil Code that
reads: 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Cahyono’s 1st Affidavit at para 43 and p214.

Article 1979 [Indonesian Civil Code]

It shall also be precluded by a reminder, summons and any legal claim,
submitted in the required format by an official authorised thereto, on behalf
of the rightful party, to the individual who shall be precluded from invoking
the time bar.

48 Under Article 1979, the relevant reminder, summons or legal claim had to be
in the required format, and signed and delivered by an authorised official. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Ibid at paras 44-51.

In Dr Cahyono’s opinion, the “authorised official” referred to in Article 1979
is the court bailiff. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Ibid at paras 49-51.

Thus, the Letter of Demand (see [24] above) was incapable of interrupting the
limitation period under Article 742 of the KUHD, as it was neither in the
required format nor signed and delivered by a court bailiff. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Ibid at para 56.

In any event, the relevant reminder, summons or legal claim must be addressed
and issued to the debtor to interrupt the limitation period. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Ibid at paras 60-66.

In this case, the Letter of Demand was addressed and issued to the ship
managers, Star Bulk, instead of the Defendant. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Ibid at paras 67-68.

49 On the other hand, Dr Nugroho took the view that Article 1979 of the
Indonesian Civil Code did not “absolutely require” the involvement of a court
bailiff. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Nugroho’s Affidavit at para 32.

A legal notice or demand made by an authorised official in the company (such
as a director) to the opposing party, and sent through written correspondence
or email, was sufficient to interrupt the limitation period. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Ibid at paras 26 and 32.

50 Hence, the Plaintiff submits that the limitation period in this case was
interrupted by the service of the Letter of Demand on Star Bulk. It argues
that the Defendant was incorporated in the Marshall Islands without any office
or mailing address of its own, and it was “logical to conclude that all
business and operations of the [Vessel] are carried out by [Star Bulk], and
service of the [Letter of Demand] to [Star Bulk] would suffice as effective
service of the [Letter of Demand] under Indonesian law” [emphasis added]. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

PWS at para 40.

Decision on striking out

51 I return to address the core question that persists: is it possible to
decide, at this summary stage, in favour of one expert’s opinion over the
other? Despite the Defendant’s forceful submissions, I answer this question in
the negative and decline to strike out the Plaintiff’s claim. My reasons are
as follows.

52 To begin with, I find it troubling that Dr Nugroho accepted the
applicability of Article 742 of the KUHD but nevertheless asserted that the
article could not be applied “absolutely and formally”, without explaining
when a case would fall on either side of the line. At some level, I would have
expected greater certainty and clarity on an issue as serious as a time bar
that extinguished a party’s right to bring a claim. Dr Nugroho also did not
address how Article 1 of the KUHD appeared to exclude the operation of the
general time bar in Article 1967 of the Indonesian Civil Code.

53 However, I do not consider Dr Nugroho’s opinion on the applicable
limitation period clearly unsustainable. There does not appear to be any court
rulings directly on point where a vessel collision claim was held to be time-
barred under Article 742 of the KUHD. While numerous statutes, cases and
academic treaties were cited by both parties, it is difficult for me to
attribute weight to these sources of foreign law in the face of conflicting
affidavit evidence. Cross-examination would thus be necessary to test the
experts’ views, and allow the court to sift, weigh and evaluate the expert
evidence based on matters such as content credibility, coherence, consistency
and logic, and against the overall context of established facts: see Sakthivel
Punithavathi v Public Prosecutor [2007] 2 SLR(R) 983 at [75]–[76].

54 Even assuming for the sake of argument that Article 742 of the KUHD
governed the present dispute, there appear to be authorities supporting Dr
Nugroho’s view that a legal notice or demand signed by an authorised official
in the company and sent by written correspondence or email was capable of
interrupting the limitation period. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Nugroho, [30]-[31]

Admittedly, there is a further complication in that the Letter of Demand was
not issued to the Defendant but sent to Star Bulk as ship managers (with the
Defendant listed as a party in copy). 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

1st Affidavit of Eric Alam dated 27 May 2021 (“Alam’s Affidavit”) at Exhibit
EA-2.

According to the Plaintiff, the Letter of Demand was sent by email and courier
to Star Bulk’s address in Cyprus. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Alam’s Affidavit at para 6 and Exhibit EA-3.

While the Defendant claims that it did not receive the Letter of Demand, the
Defendant’s address on Seaweb and Equasis searches was listed to be care of
Star Bulk’s address in Cyprus. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Alam’s Affidavit at Exhibit EA-1.

Accordingly, whether Indonesian law regarded service under these circumstances
as sufficient to interrupt the limitation period is a further issue that ought
to be decided at trial.

55 To sum up, while I do have some doubts regarding the Plaintiff’s position
on Indonesian law, it is not plain that its case is factually unsustainable or
inherently unprovable: see The “Bunga Melati 5” at [44]. The evidence before
me discloses questions of Indonesian law fit to be decided at trial, and the
Defendant has not shown to the high standard required for striking out that
the Plaintiff’s claim is time-barred.

Issue 3 – Material non-disclosure

General principles

56 The principles governing the duty of full and frank disclosure for a party
applying for a warrant of arrest have been covered extensively in our case
law. It suffices for me to highlight a few general points, before considering
the principles relating to the disclosure of a potential time bar defence.

57 A plaintiff who applies for an arrest on an ex parte basis is under a duty
to make full and frank disclosure of all material facts, even if these facts
are prejudicial to the plaintiff’s claim: see The “Vasiliy Golovnin” [2008] 4
SLR(R) 994 at [83] and [85]. A failure to do so is an independent ground to
set aside the arrest. As explained by the Court of Appeal in The “Rainbow
Spring” [2003] 3 SLR(R) 362 at [37]:

… Arrest is a drastic remedy given on an ex-parte basis. The duty to make full
and frank disclosure is an important bulwark against the abuse of the process
of arrest. There must be the possibility of a sanction for the failure to
observe that duty… The courts must retain the discretion to set aside an
arrest for non-disclosure if the facts warrant it notwithstanding that
otherwise they would have jurisdiction over the matter and that the procedure
in the Rules had been followed. [emphasis added]

58 The touchstone for determining materiality is the relevance of that fact to
the court’s assessment of whether to grant the warrant of arrest. In the words
of the Court of Appeal in The “Damavand” [1993] 2 SLR(R) 136 at [30]:

… the test of materiality is whether the fact is relevant to the making of the
decision whether or not to issue the warrant of arrest, that is, a fact which
should properly be taken into consideration when weighing all the
circumstances of the case, though it need not have the effect of leading to a
different decision being made. [emphasis added]

59 There is generally no duty to disclose plausible defences that may be
raised at trial, unless the defence (whether of a factual or legal nature) is
of such weight as to deliver a “knock-out blow” to the claim summarily (see
The “Eagle Prestige” [2010] 3 SLR 294 at [73] and The “Xin Chang Shu” [2016] 1
SLR 1096 at [48]–[50]). This is because the court’s concerns at the stage of
granting a warrant of arrest are the existence of admiralty jurisdiction and
the absence of facts suggesting an abuse of process. As eloquently put by
Belinda Ang Saw Ean J (as she then was) in The “Eagle Prestige” (at [74]):

The concerns of the court at the application stage are firstly, with
considerations of jurisdiction in rem (and generally not the merits of the
claim) and secondly, disclosure of material facts which are germane to
considerations of jurisdiction in rem and overlaying that is the absence of
facts and circumstances suggesting an abuse of the arrest process. [emphasis
in original]

60 Whether a potential time bar defence should be disclosed will depend very
much on the circumstances; a key determinant is the existence of facts
suggesting an abuse of the arrest process. For example, where the arresting
party is put on notice, is aware, or ought to be aware of an applicable
limitation period and commences an action after the said period (the necessary
implication being that the claim might be time-barred), the arresting party
should disclose the potential time bar defence and explain why the time bar is
not actually applicable on the facts of the case: see Toh Kian Sing SC,
Admiralty Law and Practice (LexisNexis, 3rd Ed, 2017) (“Admiralty Law and
Practice”) at p 194 and footnote 165. Conversely, where the arresting party is
unaware of the existence of an alleged time bar, or would not have known had
he made proper inquiries at the time of the arrest, a time bar defence (even
if raised subsequently) would not be a material fact. In the final analysis,
it boils down to what is reasonable in the given circumstances at the time of
the arrest, and this ultimately is a matter of common sense: The “Vasiliy
Golovnin” at [90].

61 An illustration of the above principles can be seen in The “Vinalines
Pioneer” [2015] SGHCR 1. The case arose from the loss of containers on board
the defendant’s vessel after she capsized and sank. The defendant submitted
that the plaintiff’s claim was time-barred as the writ was filed more than two
years after the vessel sank. Both sides adduced expert evidence on Vietnamese
law, but the experts differed on the fundamental nature of the plaintiff’s
claim, the applicable limitation period, and when time started to run (at
[80]–[83]). Assistant Registrar Jay Lee Yuxian (“AR Lee”) dismissed the
defendant’s application to strike out the action, and held that it was not
possible to choose between the conflicting expert evidence (at [83]–[85]). He
also rejected the defendant’s arguments on material non-disclosure, finding
that there were no circumstances which demonstrated an abuse of the arrest
process (at [125]):

125 Ultimately, the Defendant did not point to any circumstances which
demonstrated that the non-disclosure of the potential time bar defence
amounted to an abuse of process. There was, for example, no allegation or
evidence to show that the Defendant had communicated to the Plaintiff that
they relied on the time bar defence. I have earlier concluded that there is a
legitimate dispute of fact whether or not the Plaintiff’s claim is time-barred
under Vietnamese law. At this juncture, the most that can be said for the
Defendant is that this remains a point of controversy. Accordingly, the time
bar defence is not a “plausible defence” which if not disclosed would amount
to an abuse of process and justify setting aside the arrest. [emphasis added]

62 AR Lee’s decision on the striking out and material non-disclosure was
affirmed on appeal. Ang J agreed with AR Lee that it was not possible to
decide in favour of one expert’s interpretation and opinion over the other:
see The “Vinalines Pioneer” [2016] 1 SLR 448 at [82]. In particular, Ang J
noted that the defendant continued to pay hire for the containers even after
they were lost, and the nature and effect of such payments would be relevant
in determining the applicable limitation period (if any) for the plaintiff’s
claim (at [80] and [82]). Under these circumstances, Ang J concluded that the
defence of time bar could not be viewed as a “knockout blow” on the merits in
the context of an abuse of the arrest process, and rejected the complaint of
material non-disclosure (at [85]).

63 Viewing both decisions in the round, it is clear that AR Lee and Ang J were
of the view that there were no facts suggesting an abuse of the arrest
process. Given that the experts could not even agree on the nature of the
plaintiff’s claim, it was an open question whether there existed an applicable
limitation period. Further, at the time of the arrest, there was no evidence
showing that the plaintiff was put on notice or aware of any applicable
limitation period. It was thus unsurprising that the AR Lee and Ang J rejected
the defendant’s attempt to portray the alleged time bar defence as a material
fact which ought to have been disclosed. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Admiralty Law and Practice at p194 footnote 164.

Alleged material facts

64 With the above principles in mind, I now consider whether the alleged non-
disclosures by the Plaintiff relate to material facts. Broadly, there are
three groups of “material facts” which the Defendant contended were not
disclosed when the Plaintiff’s solicitors attended before AR Ramu to obtain
the warrant of arrest.

(a) First, the existence of the time bar defence under Article 742 of the
KUHD. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

DWS at paras 79-87 and 91-92.

(b) Second, the Plaintiff’s “true intention” to use the Arrest to obtain
security answerable to the Indonesian Counterclaim. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

DWS at paras 93-97.

(c) Third, the fact that Sutedja’s Opinion was authored by the Plaintiff’s
Indonesian lawyers and not an independent expert on Indonesian law (see [39]
above).

Facts that are not material

65 I will address the second and third arguments first, as these may be
swiftly dealt with.

(1) Plaintiff’s “true intention”

66 The argument on the Plaintiff’s “true intention” is premised on a finding
that the Plaintiff intended to proceed substantively in Indonesia. Given my
decision that the Plaintiff had elected to pursue its claim in the Singapore
Action (see [29] above), this argument is without any merit.

(2) Author of Sutedja’s Opinion

67 It is clear from the Arrest Affidavit and the notes of evidence recorded by
AR Ramu that he was informed that Sutedja’s Opinion was issued by the
Plaintiff’s Indonesian lawyers. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Arrest Affidavit at para 14. Kountouriotou’s Affidavit at p125.

Quite apart from the fact that disclosure had been made, it is untenable to
suggest that this matter should be considered a material fact. It is not the
role of the court to determine the sustainability of the Plaintiff’s action at
the warrant of arrest stage: see The “Bunga Melati 5” at [117]. It thus
follows that a party’s relationship with its expert is irrelevant at this
stage, as this goes towards the weight to be attributed to an expert’s views.

68 Before concluding this issue, I think it is good practice for arresting
parties in cases that turn on a point of foreign law to engage their foreign
law experts early, ie, by the arrest stage. Nevertheless, I recognise that
ship arrests can take place under urgent circumstances where it is simply not
possible to engage an expert in time, and the opinion of an instructing
solicitor is the best available evidence on a point of foreign law.

Non-disclosure of potential time bar defence

69 I now turn to address the arguments on the non-disclosure of the potential
time bar defence under Article 742 of the KUHD. After careful consideration of
the competing arguments, I find that there was indeed material non-disclosure
that justifies the setting aside of the warrant of the arrest. I set out my
detailed reasons in the paragraphs that follow.

70 It bears emphasis that whether there was material non-disclosure in this
case must be assessed through the lens of what the Plaintiff knew or ought to
have known at the time of the Arrest. In this regard, when the Plaintiff
obtained the warrant of arrest before AR Ramu, it knew that the Defendant had
commenced the Indonesian Action against the Plaintiff within two years from
the date of the Collision, and that the Defendant was relying on the time bar
in Article 742 of the KUHD. This is evident from the Plaintiff’s Arrest
Affidavit.

(a) Paragraph 11 of the Arrest Affidavit reads as follows: 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Arrest Affidavit at para 11.

The Defendant has filed a claim against the Plaintiff in the East Jakarta
District Court on 22 January 2021, claiming damages suffered to the Vessel.
Copies of the papers filed to the East Jakarta District Court and the
accompanying English translation are exhibited at ….

(b) While there was no mention of Article 742 of the KUHD in the text of the
Arrest Affidavit, the affidavit exhibited a translated copy of the claim
papers filed by the Defendant in the Indonesian Action. The opening three
paragraphs of the claim papers pleaded prominently that the Defendant had
commenced the Indonesian Action within the time required by Article 742 of the
KUHD: 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Ibid at pp70-71.

A. The deadline for filing the lawsuit

1\. Whereas this Lawsuit against the unlawful act was filed in connection with
the losses suffered by the [Defendant] as a result of the collision between
the [Defendant’s] MV Big Fish ship and BPL 1 Barge which was towed by the
[Plaintiff’s] TB Baruna 1 Tug Boat on 22 January 2019.

2\. Whereas in accordance with the provisions of [Article 742 of the KUHD],
the period of time for a lawsuit to ask for compensation due to ship
collisions is two (2) years from the date of the collision. For the avoidance
of doubt, we quote the following:

[Provisions of Article 742 of the KUHD]

3\. That the [Defendant] has filed quo lawsuit at the East Jakarta Registrar’s
Office on January 21, 2021. Therefore, the quo lawsuit has been filed within
the time frame required by Article 742 of the KUHD.

[emphasis added]

71 Since the Plaintiff commenced the Singapore Action after the two-year
anniversary of the Collision, it knew or must have known from the claim papers
filed in the Indonesian Action that Article 742 of the KUHD would be highly
relevant to the viability of its claim. At this point, it would have been
incumbent on the Plaintiff to make proper inquiries on the applicable
limitation period under Indonesian law if it had any doubts on the issue. Even
taking the Plaintiff’s case at its highest, such proper inquiries would have
showed:

(a) in general, the limitation period for vessel collision claims is two years
from the date of the collision under Article 742 of the KUHD;

(b) under certain (unspecified) circumstances, the limitation period for
vessel collision claims can be 30 years from the date of the collision under
Article 1967 of the Indonesian Civil Code; and

(c) even if the limitation period in this case was 2 years, the limitation
period could be interrupted by the service of the Letter of Demand on Star
Bulk.

(see [44]–[45] and [49]–[50] above)

72 Thus, the Plaintiff ought to have disclosed and brought AR Ramu’s attention
to two material facts:

(a) First, the existence of Article 742 of the KUHD, because the limitation
period therein applied generally to vessel collision claims and was of such
weight to deliver a “knock-out blow” to the Plaintiff’s claim summarily (if
found to be applicable).

(b) Second, the Defendant had pleaded this time bar in the Indonesian Action
commenced earlier in respect of the same Collision.

73 Both facts were undoubtedly relevant to the court’s decision on whether to
grant the warrant of arrest, as they were circumstances suggesting an abuse of
the arrest process. If both facts had been disclosed, AR Ramu in all
likelihood would have required further clarification on why the limitation
period in Article 742 of the KUHD was not actually applicable on the facts
before deciding to issue the warrant of arrest: see The “AA V” [1999] 3 SLR(R)
664 at [47].

74 The Plaintiff’s solicitors accept that the existence of Article 742 of the
KUHD was not disclosed to AR Ramu (see [25] above). In fact, when one
considers the Arrest Affidavit and examines AR Ramu’s notes of evidence, it is
clear that AR Ramu was led into thinking that the applicable limitation period
was 30 years simpliciter.

(a) The Arrest Affidavit which was deposed by the Plaintiff’s solicitors
stated that they were advised by the Plaintiff’s Indonesian lawyers that the
applicable limitation period is 30 years: 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Ibid at para 14.

As the collision occurred within the territorial waters of Indonesia,
Indonesian law would govern the rights, liabilities and obligations of the
parties in tort. I have been advised by the Plaintiff’s Indonesian lawyers
that the limitation period under Indonesian law is 30 years from the
occurrence of the tortious act. A copy of [Sutedja’s Opinion] is exhibited at
…

[emphasis added]

(b) Sutedja’s Opinion, which was exhibited in the Arrest Affidavit,
emphatically declared four times that the limitation period for vessel
collision claims is 30 years. The relevant portions of Sutedja’s Opinion read
as follows: 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Ibid at pp109-112.

1\. … any claim arising out of a ship collision must be based on the causes of
action of either on default or tort. These causes of action would be governed
under the Indonesian Civil Code … Under Article 1967 of the Indonesian Civil
Code, the limitation period for such actions regardless of whether they arise
from ship collisions or not, would be 30 years from the day of default or
commission of the tort.

…

4\. However, although [Article 742 of the KUHD] refers to a two-year time
limit for ship collisions, it does not bar a claimant from bringing a claim
for default or tort under the Indonesian Civil Code where the applicable time
limit is 30 years, regardless of whether the claim relates to a collision or
not…

5\. We reiterate that Indonesian law does not recognise any specific cause of
action arising out of collision which would be the subject of [Article 742 of
the KUHD]. Rather, the cause of action must be based on either default or tort
and which is governed by the Indonesian Civil Code.

6\. As such, the legal action which will be commenced in Indonesia for tort
arising from a ship collision will rely on the 30-year limitation period…

…

8\. In sum, Indonesian law does not recognise any specific cause of action on
the sole basis of ship collision. Rather, all causes of action relating to
ship collisions must be based either on default or tort, which is governed by
the 30-year limitation period under Article 1967 of the Indonesian Civil Code.

[emphasis added]

(c) Not only did Sutedja’s Opinion allege the limitation period to be an
unqualified 30 years, it asserted, quite remarkably, that Indonesian law did
not recognise any cause of action that would be governed by Article 742 of the
KUHD. Given that both experts agree on the general applicability of Article
742 of the KUHD to vessel collision claims, this statement was patently false.

(d) Based on AR Ramu’s notes of evidence, he did not appear to be concerned
about a potential time bar under Indonesian law. Following the Plaintiff’s
submission that the applicable limitation period is 30 years, AR Ramu’s focus
was instead on whether the Collision occurred in Indonesian waters: 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Kountouriotou’s Affidavit at p125.

[Plaintiff’s Solicitors]: … Because the collision was in Indonesian waters,
the rights and obligations arise in tort in Indonesian law, as obtained from
our Indonesian lawyers. Therefore, as it concerns Indonesian law, the
limitation period is 30 years. This is all exhibited in pages 106 to 113.
Although we are time barred in Singapore, we are not as far as Indonesian law
is concerned. We have to read it together with Section 3 of the Foreign
Limitation Periods Act. Therefore, the laws in Indonesia will apply in respect
of the Limitation Act and not Singapore law.

[AR Ramu]: No issues arising on where the collision occurred?

[Plaintiff’s Solicitors]: No. It was clearly in Indonesian waters.

[emphasis added]

75 As for the Defendant’s reliance on Article 742 of the KUHD in the
Indonesian Action, this was not mentioned in the text of the Arrest Affidavit.
Even if this fact could be gleaned from the exhibits of the Arrest Affidavit,
the Plaintiff did not meet the required threshold for disclosure because it
did not draw this fact to AR Ramu’s attention: see The “Vasiliy Golovnin” at
[106].

76 To sum up, the picture that emerges from the above analysis is that of an
arrest obtained based on an erroneous portrayal of Indonesian law. Even on the
Plaintiff’s best case, the Arrest Affidavit contained material inaccuracies on
the applicable limitation period for vessel collision claims. The buried
reference in the Arrest Affidavit to the Indonesian Action was insufficient to
alert AR Ramu to the fact that the Defendant had pleaded the time bar in
Article 742 of the KUHD in an earlier action commenced in respect of the same
Collision. By reason of the foregoing, it is plain that there was material
non-disclosure by the Plaintiff when obtaining the warrant of arrest.

77 Notwithstanding a finding of material non-disclosure, the court retains an
overriding discretion not to set aside the warrant of arrest: The “Fierbinti”
[1994] 3 SLR(R) 574 at [41]. The court will apply the principle of
proportionality in assessing the sin of omission against the impact of such
default: see The “Vasiliy Golovnin” at [84]. However, if the non-disclosure is
deliberate, the discretion would only be exercised in a special case. In
Treasure Valley Group Ltd v Saputra Teddy and another (Ultramarine Holdings
Ltd, intervener) [2006] 1 SLR(R) 358, Ang J explained at [23]:

… When a court condemns material non-disclosure by setting aside the ex parte
order, it does so in the public interest to discourage abuse of its procedure
in an ex parte application. The condemnation is a reminder of the importance
of dealing in good faith with the court when ex parte applications are made.
The court retains the discretion not to set aside the arrest even though the
non-disclosure is deliberate, but this discretion will only be exercised in a
special case....

78 At this juncture, while I do think that the Plaintiff has sailed very close
to the wind, I am unable to conclude whether the non-disclosures were
deliberate or due to some form of negligence. More evidence of the Plaintiff’s
state of mind at the time of the Arrest would be required. However, I do not
think that the Plaintiff can be excused for the instances of material non-
disclosure here, which strike at the heart of the Plaintiff’s claim. A cursory
review of the claim papers filed in the Indonesian Action would have alerted
any reasonable solicitor to the time bar point taken by the Defendant. Even if
the Plaintiff’s Indonesian lawyers did not know the true position, there was
ample time from the commencement of the Indonesian Action to the Arrest for
the Plaintiff to ascertain this. While I have found triable issues of
Indonesian law, the case before AR Ramu was completely different from case
argued before me, and there is no evidence to suggest that this was due to
mere oversight. I thus see no reason or basis to exercise my discretion in
favour of the Plaintiff, and I order that the warrant of arrest be set aside.

79 The net result of my decision to refuse the striking out but allow the
setting aside of the warrant of arrest is that the in rem writ remains alive,
and the Plaintiff is at liberty to proceed with the Singapore Action without
security: The “Xin Chang Shu” at [24].

Wrongful Arrest

80 Finally, I consider whether damages should be ordered against the Plaintiff
for wrongful arrest.

81 The test for wrongful arrest is “whether the action and the arrest were so
unwarrantably brought, or brought with so little colour, or so little
foundation, as to imply malice or gross negligence on the plaintiff’s part”:
see The “Vasiliy Golovnin” at [137]. The test is ultimately premised on a
finding of malice, which may be found on the basis of direct evidence of the
arresting party’s state of mind at the time of the arrest, or can be inferred
if the claim is so unmeritorious that the arresting party could not have
honestly believed that he had an entitlement to arrest the vessel: The “Xin
Chang Shu” at [30].

82 The threshold for finding wrongful arrest is a high one, and a decision to
award damages for wrongful arrest should never be lightly made: see The
“Vasiliy Golovnin” at [138]. In this case, I do not think that line has been
crossed yet, given my decision not to strike out the Plaintiff’s claim as well
as my inconclusive finding on whether the non-disclosures by the Plaintiff
were deliberate.

83 That being said, I cannot foreclose the possibility that more evidence may
emerge during the course of the Singapore Action which show the Plaintiff’s
claim to be so unmeritorious that the Plaintiff could not have honestly
believed that it had an entitlement to arrest the Vessel. Further, with the
benefit of the discovery, interrogatory and cross-examination processes,
direct evidence of the Plaintiff’s state of mind may be obtained which prove
that the non-disclosures were deliberate, calculated to mislead, or caused by
gross negligence or recklessness: The “Xin Chang Shu” at [43].

84 In these circumstances, I find it appropriate to reserve the question of
wrongful arrest to the trial judge to be considered after the relevant
findings have been made: see The “STX Mumbai” and another matter [2015] 5 SLR
1 at [95].

Conclusion

85 For the foregoing reasons, my decision is as follows:

(a) there be no order on the prayers for the Plaintiff to elect between the
Singapore Action and the Indonesian Counterclaim;

(b) the prayer to strike out the Singapore Action is dismissed;

(c) the warrant of arrest is set aside for material non-disclosure, and the
Plaintiff shall return the LOU to the Defendant’s solicitors forthwith; and

(d) the issue of wrongful arrest (and any damages to be awarded thereon) is
reserved to the trial judge.

86 Within seven days from the date of this judgment, the parties are to file
written submissions not exceeding five pages on the issue of costs.

87 In closing, it remains for me to thank counsel for their helpful
submissions.

Navin Anand  
Assistant Registrar

Govintharasah s/o Ramanathan and Lim Enyang Timothy (Gurbani & Co LLC) for the
Plaintiff;  
Tan Chuan Bing Kendall, Lim Zhi Ming Max and Fabian Chiang Mun Chun (Rajah &
Tann Singapore LLP) for the Defendant.  

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 06 Aug 2021 (09:38 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

