Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the COURT OF APPEAL of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGCA 7

Criminal Appeal No 9 of 2020

Between

Toh Sia Guan  
---  
  
… Appellant

And

Public Prosecutor  
---  
  
… Respondent

Ex Tempore Judgment

[Criminal Law] — [Offences] — [Murder]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Toh Sia Guan

  
v

  

Public Prosecutor

[2021] SGCA 7

Court of Appeal — Criminal Appeal No 9 of 2020  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JCA, Tay Yong Kwang JCA and Belinda Ang Saw Ean JAD  
2 February 2021

2 February 2021

Andrew Phang Boon Leong JCA (delivering the judgment of the court ex tempore):

Introduction

1 This is an appeal against the decision of the High Court judge (“the Judge”)
in Public Prosecutor v Toh Sia Guan [2020] SGHC 92, convicting the Appellant
of one charge of murder under s 300(c) of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev
Ed) (“Penal Code”) and sentencing him to life imprisonment.

Facts

2 The facts of the case are straightforward. On 9 July 2016, the Appellant and
the deceased were involved in a fight which resulted in the Appellant running
away. The Appellant then purchased a knife. Returning to the scene of the
fight, the Appellant encountered the deceased and engaged in a second fight in
the course of which multiple stab wounds on the scalp, chest and arm, among
other injuries, were inflicted on the deceased and culminated in his death.
The fatal wound was a stab wound to the deceased’s upper right arm which
caused heavy bleeding and was sufficient in the ordinary course of nature to
cause death.

Our decision

3 In order for the Appellant to be convicted of murder under s 300(c) of the
Penal Code, it must be shown that a bodily injury sufficient in the ordinary
course of nature to cause death must be present on the deceased, and that the
Appellant intended to inflict that injury. The Judge found beyond a reasonable
doubt that the former requirement was satisfied on the objective facts. The
Judge was also satisfied beyond a reasonable doubt that the latter requirement
was made out on the basis of the following factual findings: the fatal stab
wound was inflicted in the course of the second fight; the number, location
and manner of the stab injuries found on the deceased’s scalp, chest and arm,
the lack of knife injuries suffered by the Appellant and the Appellant’s
conduct in purchasing the knife as well as the way in which he encountered and
engaged the deceased in the second fight, taken together, indicated that the
fatal injury was intentionally inflicted by the Appellant. The Judge also
noted that the Appellant’s version of the facts did not square with the
objective evidence and weakened his credibility as a whole. Finally, the Judge
considered potentially available legal defences, even though it did not form
part of the Appellant’s case, and held that they did not apply since the
Appellant was found to be the aggressor in the second fight which he initiated
some time after the first fight.

4 On appeal, the Appellant reiterated his position in the proceedings below
that the fatal stab injury was inflicted accidentally in the course of a
struggle for control over the knife and that it was the deceased who had
initiated the second fight, and the Judge had purportedly erred in determining
that he had intentionally inflicted the fatal stab injury and that he had
initiated the second fight. In our judgment, however, the Judge was correct in
making these findings of fact and in concluding that the Appellant intended to
inflict the fatal injury on the deceased. We observe further that the fatal
wound found on the deceased was a stab wound which could only be caused in one
of three ways: first, that the deceased impaled himself on the knife, which we
consider a remote possibility; second, that the Appellant forcefully overcame
the deceased’s resistance to inflict the fatal wound; or third, that the
Appellant inflicted the fatal wound without encountering any resistance from
the deceased. In both the second and third scenarios the Appellant would have
had the requisite intention to inflict the fatal injury. We are satisfied that
this was the case and we accordingly dismiss the Appellant’s appeal against
his conviction for murder under s 300(c) of the Penal Code.

5 The Judge noted that there was some controversy over whether the requisite
mental element of that offence, namely, the intention to inflict an injury
sufficient in the ordinary course of nature to cause death, could be satisfied
(in the situation where the accused person and deceased were involved in a
fight) merely by the Prosecution proving beyond a reasonable doubt that the
Appellant had intended to attack the a wider part of the body on which the
fatal injury was found (in this case, the deceased’s upper arm torso area),
instead of having to prove that the Appellant intended to inflict the
particular fatal injury on the specific part of the limb in question (in this
case, the deceased’s right upper arm). The Judge took the view that it was not
necessary to decide the controversy on the facts of this case since the
Appellant’s intention to stab the deceased’s right upper arm was established
on the facts.

6 We agree with the Judge’s conclusion that it is not necessary to decide the
controversy referred to in the preceding paragraph here for the reasons he
stated, in particular, since it involves deciding whether or not to add a
further normative gloss on what is essentially a factual inquiry. We will
express a conclusive view on this issue only when it is next directly before
us.

7 The Appellant also appealed against the sentence of life imprisonment,
contending that it was too harsh. We do not think that there is any merit in
this. Under s 302(2) of the Penal Code, there are only two available
sentencing options for s 300(c) murder: the death penalty or life
imprisonment. The Judge accordingly could not have imposed a more lenient
sentence and we therefore dismiss the Appellant’s appeal against the sentence
of life imprisonment.

8 Finally, the Appellant alleged that a “judge” had on four occasions given
him the opportunity to be charged for culpable homicide not amounting to
murder under s 304 of the Penal Code instead, but he had not accepted these
purported chances as his former counsel, Mr Wong Seow Pin (“Mr Wong”), had
“misled” him as to the length of the imprisonment term under s 304 of the
Penal Code. There was, however, no evidential basis for the Appellant’s claim
that he had been misled by his former counsel. We accept Mr Wong’s explanation
as to the advice he had given the Appellant and are entirely satisfied that he
had fulfilled his duty as Defence Counsel, provided proper legal advice to the
Appellant and did not mislead the Appellant in his advice in any way. Indeed,
it appears to us that Mr Wong had acted throughout in the best traditions of
the Bar.

9 In any case, the Appellant’s allegations had no bearing on the correctness
of the Judge’s decision or on the case the Appellant ran on appeal, which was
identical to the one he advanced at trial. In our view, these allegations lack
merit and are irrelevant to the appeal. We take the opportunity, once again,
to emphasise that appellants will not get very far by making unwarranted
allegations about counsel after proceedings have concluded if they do not have
a sound basis grounded in relevant evidence (see also similar observations by
this court in Lim Ghim Peow v Public Prosecutor [2020] SGCA 104 at [11]).

Conclusion

10 For the reasons set out above, we agree with the Judge’s decision on
conviction and sentence and therefore dismiss this appeal.

Andrew Phang Boon Leong  
Justice of the Court of Appeal| Tay Yong Kwang  
Justice of the Court of Appeal  
---|---  
Belinda Ang Saw Ean  
Judge of the Appellate Division|  
  
The appellant in person;  
Eugene Lee, Claire Poh and Senthilkumaran Sabapathy (Attorney-General’s
Chambers) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 03 Feb 2021 (11:47 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

