Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC 153

Suit No 644 of 2020

Between

| Goh Rosaline  
---|---  
|  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Goh Nellie  
---|---  
(2)(3)(4)(5)(6)| Goh Lian ChyuLow Diau AiGoh Boon Hui Roney (Wu Wenhui
Roney)Jenny Goh Boon MinGoh Boon Mei, Joanie (Wu Wenmei, Joanie)  
  
… Defendants

judgment

[Tort] — [Trespass]

[Tort] — [Conspiracy]

[Land] — [Interest in land] — [Tenancy in common]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Goh Rosaline

  
v

  

Goh Nellie and others

[2021] SGHC 153

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 644 of 2020  
Philip Jeyaretnam JC  
8–11, 15, 22 June 2021

28 June 2021 .

Philip Jeyaretnam JC:

Introduction

1 “Beat me beat me,” 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Transcript of audio recording, 3 AB 937.

called the nephew as he staggered backwards. Dwarfed a moment before by her
nephew’s sturdy frame, his old aunt now towered over him. “Ferocious. Dog
bite, bite, bite,” 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Transcript of audio recording, 3 AB 938.

she commanded her Labrador, which disobediently slumped to the ground. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Inference drawn from viewing video recording made of the Labrador taken about
thirty minutes later, video on CD-ROM at 5 AB 1643 and transcribed at 5 AB
1587.

Such was the drama taking place on 17 June 2018 at the grandmother’s old home,
duly recorded for posterity on an audio recording.

2 How had it come to this? It is a long saga that started when the aunt, the
nephew and his father each received a one-eleventh share in the family home as
tenants in common, with a restriction on sale in the absence of unanimous
consent of the named beneficiaries. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

1 AB 24; Goh Nellie’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief (“AEIC”) (“Nellie’s
AEIC”) at para 15.

Tenants in common have an undivided interest in land, meaning that each tenant
in common is entitled to possession of the entirety of the land. The aunt
refused to agree to a sale, and insisted on returning to the family home to
live there. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Nellie’s AEIC at para 14.

The confrontation that fateful day presents the court with three principal
questions. Was the aunt ousted from the home? If so, was she entitled to
recover the rent she incurred elsewhere? Did those who took the side of her
brother commit conspiracy with him to injure her?

3 The aunt, who is the plaintiff in this matter, has refused to have her
interest transferred from the estate into her name. The consequence is that
she is still relying on the will and not directly on her rights as a
registered tenant in common, from which counsel concluded that the State
Courts had no jurisdiction, and so her claim for damages of $71,083 was filed
in this court.

Facts

The parties

4 The plaintiff, Rosaline Goh, is the youngest daughter and penultimate child
of Mdm Low Gek Huay (“Mdm Low”), who passed away in 2002. Mdm Low left the
family home at 61 Kovan Road (“61 Kovan”) in equal shares to all ten of her
children plus one of her grandchildren, Roney Goh, who is the fourth
defendant. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

1 AB 24.

The first defendant, Nellie Goh, is one of her older sisters, and is the
administrator of Mdm Low’s estate, having been elected at a beneficiaries’
meeting in 2005. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Nellie’s AEIC at para 8.

The estate has an administrator because the named executors declined their
role. Nellie was the second administrator because the first volunteer, the
youngest of the siblings, found it too stressful. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Nellie’s AEIC at para 7; Goh Lian Teck’s AEIC at para 4.

His name is Goh Lian Teck, and he gave evidence for the first defendant.

5 The second defendant, Goh Lian Chyu, is the oldest brother. He has lived at
61 Kovan for more than 60 years. The third defendant, Low Djau Ai, is his
wife. The fourth, fifth and sixth defendants are their children, Roney, Jenny
and Joanie, who have long since moved out of 61 Kovan but were present on 17
June 2018.

Background to the dispute

6 Mdm Low’s testamentary arrangements in respect of 61 Kovan have already been
described at [4] above. She also owned 59 Kovan Road (“59 Kovan”), which she
had developed prior to her death. As recorded in her will, Djau Ai, her
daughter-in-law, advanced monies for its development. 59 Kovan had nine
residential units plus the management office. Mdm Low left three of the
residential units to Djau Ai, and one to each of Rosaline, Nellie and Lian
Chyu. The remaining units were given to the other sons, leaving out those
daughters, like Shirley Goh and Judy Goh, who were married. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

1 AB 24–25.

Shirley and Judy, as well as another brother, Goh Lian Hing, gave evidence for
Rosaline.

7 Rosaline had at tines kept dogs at 61 Kovan during her mother’s lifetime. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Goh Rosaline’s AEIC (“Rosaline’s AEIC”) at para 9.

Mdm Low appears to have been a kind-hearted person, who wanted nothing more
than for all her children to live in harmony. Generally, during her mother’s
lifetime, Rosaline’s dogs did not enter the house itself but stayed in the
compound. There was one exception, a small dog that looked like Lassie, of
whom Mdm Low was fond. Mdm Low invited poorer relatives to stay at 61 Kovan,
and, at times during its heyday, there were close to 20 occupants. Having been
built more than 60 years ago by Mdm Low and her husband, and not altered or
added to since, it has two floors with a small bathroom on the first floor and
a larger one on the second.

8 Rosaline moved out of 61 Kovan before her mother passed away, but continued
to spend some of her time there. Nellie moved out in 2005. This left Lian Chyu
and Djau Ai in 61 Kovan, together with a helper. Their children, Roney, Jenny
and Joanie had all married and moved out. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Goh Boon Hui Roney’s AEIC (“Roney’s AEIC”) at para 5; Jenny Goh Boon Min’s
AEIC (“Jenny’s AEIC”) at para 6; Goh Boon Mei, Joanie’s AEIC (“Joanie’s AEIC”)
at para 6.

9 Rosaline has had keys to her bedroom and to the doors leading to it since
2007, 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Goh Lian Chyu’s AEIC (“Lian Chyu’s AEIC”) at para 36(a).

and seems to have come and gone as she pleased. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Lian Chyu’s AEIC at para 36(c).

When she was not there, which could be for long periods of time, she kept her
bedroom door locked. It appears that in addition to her bedroom at 61 Kovan,
her apartment on the ground floor of 59 Kovan next door and an HDB flat,
Rosaline also rented a house at 3 Leith Park. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Rosaline’s AEIC at para 21.

That is where she stayed in the years preceding 2017.

Events in 2017

10 In 2017, she decided that “she could no longer comfortably afford to pay
rent on 3 Leith Park” and “that it would be prudent … to recommence residence
rent-free at 61 Kovan”. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Rosaline’s AEIC at para 22.

11 Together with her sisters Shirley and Judy, Rosaline went to 61 Kovan on 14
April 2017 to inform Lian Chyu and Djau Ai that she intended to move in with
her dogs, a Labrador and a golden retriever. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Rosaline’s AEIC at paras 25–26.

Rosaline followed up with a solicitors’ letter on 21 April 2017. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

2 AB 667.

12 Lian Chyu replied on 30 April 2017, stating that Rosaline was “welcome to
stay at 61 Kovan” but “[h]er ferocious dogs are not allowed to come into this
shared premise as I fear for the safety of myself, my family, and especially
that of my young grandchildren”. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

2 AB 668.

13 Rosaline’s solicitors replied on 28 July 2017, giving notice that in view
of Lian Chyu’s position Rosaline would renew her lease at 3 Leith Park for
another year, and demanded that Lian Chyu and Djau Ai pay that rental, namely
$3,000 per month. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

2 AB 669.

Rosaline executed this lease renewal on or around 29 July 2017 (the “2017
Tenancy Agreement”). 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Rosaline’s AEIC at para 32.

Events in 2018

14 There things stood for a year. On 30 May 2018, Rosaline emailed Lian Chyu
to say she would visit him on 7 June 2018, again together with Shirley and
Judy. She repeated the demand that he pay her rent for the past year and
explained that she wanted to discuss “whether there is the need to renew the
rental for another year”. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

2 AB 678.

15 The three of them proceeded to visit 61 Kovan on 7 June 2018. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Rosaline’s AEIC at paras 35–38.

Lian Chyu and Djau Ai were present, as was Jenny. The visit was recorded on
video by both Judy and Jenny. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

5 AB 1643.

Rosaline handed Lian Chyu her letter and he threw it away. Regardless of that,
he obviously knew that Rosaline intended to bring back her dogs. He was upset
at and agitated by this prospect. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Rosaline’s AEIC at para 37; Lian Chyu’s AEIC at paras 41–42.

16 A week later, on 14 June 2018, the three sisters came back to prepare for
Rosaline’s moving in on 17 June 2018. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Rosaline’s AEIC at para 39.

Lian Chyu and Djau Ai happened to be out. As the Labrador was not able to
climb the stairs to sleep in Rosaline’s bedroom, she had brought an enclosure
with her that she set up in the backyard of the home, in a covered area
designated as a garage and in part used for that purpose by Lian Chyu. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Rosaline’s AEIC at paras 39–40.

While the sisters were still there, Lian Chyu returned. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Rosaline’s AEIC at para 41.

Upset, he dismantled the enclosure, all while Judy used her smartphone to
videorecord him. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Rosaline’s AEIC at para 41.

Rosaline reminded him she was moving in with her dogs on 17 June 2018, to
which he replied that he was not interested and that she should not come. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Rosaline’s AEIC at para 43.

17 Rosaline returned as she had said she would on 17 June 2018. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Rosaline’s AEIC at para 44.

It was a Sunday. This time she brought her two dogs, but was not accompanied
by her sisters. She felt her brother had summoned reinforcements. His son
Roney and daughters Jenny and Joanie were there. I have described some of
their interactions in the opening paragraph to this judgment. Lian Chyu called
the police, who, no doubt with the interests of civil order in mind, told
Rosaline to “settle [her] stuff and go”. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

3 AB 950.

Rosaline left, but not without first warning Lian Chyu that she would sue both
him and Djau Ai. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

3 AB 950.

Rosaline went on to execute an agreement for a fresh lease at 3 Leith Park on
15 July 2018 (the “2018 Tenancy Agreement”).

18 Rosaline subsequently successfully moved into 61 Kovan around July 2019
with her dogs. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Rosaline’s AEIC at paras 60–75.

Procedural history

19 There are many more judgments and orders given by this court in relation to
Rosaline and her siblings than are convenient to narrate here. The principal
ones that have relevance to these proceedings are the following:

(a) An order dated 8 August 2005 that Rosaline has the beneficial right to
occupy 61 Kovan as a residence rent-free, with the proviso that if she
“chooses to exercise her right of occupation, she must in fact personally
reside” there. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

1 AB 308.

(b) A judgment dated 22 November 2006 declining to order a sale of 61 Kovan on
Nellie’s application as administrator because four of the children including
Rosaline objected to the sale, and Mdm Low’s will prohibited sale in the
absence of unanimous consent of the eleven beneficiaries (reported at Goh
Nellie v Goh Lian Teck and others [2007] 1 SLR(R) 453).

(c) An order dated 28 February 2007 that, in relation to her exercise of her
right of residence, Rosaline be given a set of keys to all doors at 61 Kovan
leading to her bedroom and that she should pay her proportionate share of
property tax, utilities and other outgoings. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

2 AB 395.

(d) An order dated 9 April 2009 dismissing Rosaline’s application for
exclusive use of the study at 61 Kovan, with permission to create a separate
entrance there for herself, build a kennel outside the study and keep three
dogs. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Order made on SUM 685/2009 in OS 618/2005.

(e) A decision dated 27 May 2019 that, while making no formal declaration,
held that Rosaline “as a lawful occupant, no greater or lesser than [Lian Chyu
and Djau Ai], is entitled to such pets as do [Lian Chyu and Djau Ai] as the
proper authorities may allow” (Goh Rosaline v Goh Lian Chyu and another [2019]
SGHC 133 at [5]).

The parties’ cases

20 Rosaline’s case against Nellie is that as administrator of the estate
Nellie owed a duty to her to ensure that she could exercise her right of
residence in 61 Kovan, including a duty to take legal action on behalf of the
estate against Lian Chyu. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Statement of Claim dated 16 July 2020 (“SOC”) at para 28.

Against Lian Chyu and Roney, she asserted that they had breached a contractual
licence said to have been granted to her by the estate of Mdm Low. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

SOC at para 29.

Against Lian Chyu alone, she claimed damages for trespass by ouster, relying
on her equitable right to be registered as a tenant in common. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

SOC at paras 30–32.

Lastly, against all but Nellie she claimed a conspiracy to injure her by
unlawful means. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

SOC at para 33.

21 In terms of the quantum claimed, Rosaline claims the rent paid under both
the 2017 and 2018 Tenancy Agreements (amounting to $71,083) against Nellie,
Lian Chu and Djau Ai, 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

SOC at prayers (a), (b), (d) and (e).

but only the rent paid under the 2018 Tenancy Agreement (amounting to $34,939)
against Roney, Jenny and Joanie. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

SOC at prayers (c) and (e).

22 Nellie denied being under any duty to ensure that Rosaline could exercise
her right of residence, 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Defence of the 1st defendant dated 17 August 2020 (“Defence of the 1st
defendant”) at para 14.

but also listed all the steps that she did take to try to mediate or establish
other measures of protection such as installation of CCTV at 61 Kovan. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Defence of the 1st defendant at paras 19–21.

23 As for Lian Chyu and Djau Ai, the nub of their defence was that they were
genuinely concerned about Rosaline’s dogs, including how they would defecate
in the compound, and salivate heavily within the house itself. They also
expressed concerns about the size of the dogs. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Defence of the 2nd and 3rd defendants (Amendment No 1) dated 8 September 2020
at para 5.

24 Roney, Jenny and Joanie denied that they participated in any conspiracy.
They claimed that they were at 61 Kovan on 17 June 2018 only because it was a
Sunday, and did not know that Rosaline was going to be present. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Defence of the 4th, 5th and 6th defendants (Amendment No 1) dated 10 September
2020 (“Defence of the 4th, 5th and 6th defendants”) at para 10(b).

Roney complained about being pushed, 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Defence of the 4th, 5th and 6th defendants at para 10(c).

and all three claimed Rosaline intimidated them by asking the dogs to bite
them. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Defence of the 4th, 5th and 6th defendants at para 10(d).

Issues to be determined

25 This is a court of law, and it is no part of my task to judge parties’
conduct except to the extent it concerns the claims and defences. Most of the
facts are clear from documents, including court records, or from the extensive
audio and video recordings. I will however have to make some findings of fact
concerning the events of 17 June 2018. I will then evaluate those facts, along
with the events occurring in 2017, against the requirements for the claims, in
particular those in trespass and conspiracy. I will consider the issues in the
following order:

(a) What happened on 17 June 2018?

(b) Did Nellie as administrator owe Rosaline a duty to ensure that she could
exercise her right of residence at 61 Kovan?

(c) Were Lian Chyu and Roney bound by a contractual licence in relation to
Rosaline?

(d) Did Lian Chyu commit trespass by ouster?

(e) Was there a conspiracy among Lian Chyu, Djau Ai and their children to
injure Rosaline?

(f) If any of the claims are made out, is Rosaline entitled to the damages
claimed?

Issue 1: The events of 17 June 2018

26 The first question that is in dispute is whether Roney, Jenny and Joanie
knew that Rosaline was coming to 61 Kovan with her dogs beforehand, and so
went there to support their parents. They all testified that it was a
coincidence and that they just happened to be there because it was a Sunday.
49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Roney’s AEIC at para 13; Jenny’s AEIC at para 22; Joanie’s AEIC at para 10.

I find that they did in fact know that Rosaline was coming and so made sure,
at the least, that they arrived early that Sunday. I make this finding for two
reasons. First, as Rosaline entered the premises, Roney, without any greeting
to his aunt, started to record her on video, using his smartphone. This is
consistent with his anticipating her arrival, and being well-prepared for it.
Secondly, Jenny was at 61 Kovan on 7 June 2018 when it was repeatedly
mentioned that Rosaline would be bringing her dogs. It is only natural, and I
make this finding by inference, that Joanie knew too, either from her parents
or from her siblings.

27 The next question is whether Rosaline “charged” at Roney, as he testified
repeatedly under cross-examination. I find that she did not charge at him.
Instead, annoyed by his video recording while standing close by, she pushed
him slightly. He exaggerated the force of her push, and even had the presence
of mind to verbalise an accusation as he staggered backwards. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

3 AB 937.

I make this finding on the basis of the audio recording, as well as after
hearing their respective descriptions of the incident when they gave evidence
before me. Their relative sizes lent support to Rosaline’s version of events –
had she truly charged at him I have no doubt that it would have been her who
was felled by the impact rather than her nephew.

28 The third question is whether Rosaline tried to set her dogs on them. I
accept her explanation that she was speaking sarcastically when she commanded
her Labrador to bite them. This is supported by hearing the tone of her voice
on the audio recording, 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

AB s/n 146.

as well as by the video recordings of the dog, 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

AB s/n 151 and 152.

which was, at the least, in too poor a condition to attack anyone, even if so
minded. To be clear, it showed no sign whatsoever of any inclination to do so.
The video recordings fully supported the conclusion that the dogs were
friendly and no danger to anyone. I accept too that none of those present that
day at 61 Kovan genuinely feared that either dog would bite them.

29 The fourth question relates to hygiene. Here, I find on the basis of the
video evidence that the Labrador in particular salivated excessively, and also
panted very loudly, in a disturbing manner. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

AB s/n 151 and 152.

The saliva dripped in a constant stream, puddling on the floor wherever the
dog went. It was in no condition to climb the stairs and remained within the
shared living area on the ground floor of the house. This is not the poor
Labrador’s fault, but simply the result of its apparently poor condition.
During the trial, it emerged that the dog passed away about 14 months later.

30 The fifth question relates to whether and to what extent Rosaline cleaned
up after her dogs on that day. I find that the quantity of saliva pooling on
the floor was not easy to clean, and certainly not quickly. Rosaline can be
heard on the audio recording assuring the others that she will clean up, 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

3 AB 948.

but it would have been hard for her to do so effectively. I add that Jenny is
heard remarking on the audio recording that “the maid [had] already clean[ed]
up the floor”. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

3 AB 948.

I accept that Rosaline intended to clean up after her dogs, but I also accept
that the quantity of pooling saliva and the length of time it went uncleaned
meant that it was genuinely alarming for the other occupants of the shared
living areas.

Issue 2: Nellie’s duty as administrator

31 An administrator’s principal duty is to distribute the estate as soon as
possible. Nellie has done her best to do so. She successfully transferred the
apartment at 59 Kovan to Rosaline, but Rosaline has refused to take legal
title to her share in 61 Kovan. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Rosaline’s AEIC at para 8; Nellie’s AEIC at para 11.

Perhaps Nellie should have gone to court to enforce the distribution rather
than remaining stuck as administrator. There is no basis however for
Rosaline’s claim that as administrator Nellie owes her a duty to implement her
desire to live at 61 Kovan with her dogs. Nellie is under no duty, as
administrator or otherwise, to ensure that their elder brother, Lian Chyu,
behave in any particular way. She is neither her brother’s nor her sister’s
keeper.

32 Having heard her evidence, I concluded that Nellie is a natural peacemaker
and conflict-avoider, taking after her mother in this respect. Unfortunately,
this has resulted in her being in the middle of this battle of wills between
elder brother and younger sister.

33 During oral closing submissions, Rosaline’s counsel accepted that he could
not identify specific acts or omissions on Nellie’s part that could be said to
be in breach of her duty as administrator. This should have been obvious
before proceedings commenced. There is no merit at all in the claim against
her.

Issue 3: The contractual licence

34 I accept that the grant by will of a right of residence in real property
owned by the deceased, may create, upon probate of the will, a licence in
favour of the beneficiary. This was the analysis in the Northern Irish case of
The Official Solicitor as Controller AD Interim for NS (A Patient) v MS [2018]
NICh 20 (at [55]). However, that was a case where the beneficiary was only
given a right of residence with no other interest. In the case of Mdm Low’s
will, Rosaline was given a one-eleventh share of 61 Kovan. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

1 AB 24.

While the will goes on to mention that 61 Kovan “shall be used as a residence
by my children abovenamed”, 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

1 AB 24.

their right of residence flows from their rights as tenants in common under
the gift. Moreover, any contractual licence would be one granted by the estate
to the person or persons having the right of residence under the terms of the
will. There is no room nor need to introduce the concept of a contractual
licence.

Issue 4: Trespass by ouster

35 This claim is made only against Lian Chyu. Tenants in common have an
undivided interest in land. Each is entitled to the whole of the property.
Strictly, no tenant in common has the right to exclude any other from any part
of the property. Thus, each of the siblings, as tenants in common, could
choose to live there. How they would share the sleeping areas, the limited
bathroom space, the kitchen and the garden would be no different from the
accommodations and compromises that people make all the time, all over the
world, in order to live together and enjoy the camaraderie and security of a
home.

36 It follows that it is wrong in law for any tenant in common to take
possession of the property exclusively, preventing the rest from deriving
benefit from it, including by their co-occupation, if so desired. This is what
is described as ouster. Ouster may be actual or constructive. In this case,
Rosaline relies on constructive ouster. As described in the Queensland case of
Paroz & ors v Paroz [2010] QSC 203, at [31]:

The conduct which seems to underlie the doctrine of constructive ouster is
conduct by the party in occupation which manifests a denial of the rights of
the other co-owners.

37 This description is consistent with the approach taken in Tan Chwee Chye
and others v P V R M Kulandayan Chettiar [2006] 1 SLR(R) 229, at [23] to [26],
where unusually the co-owner in possession was seeking to argue that it had
ousted the deceased co-owner so as to prove a claim in adverse possession.

38 In my view, constructive ouster will include wholly unreasonable conduct of
one tenant in occupation that effectively prevents another tenant from also
residing there. In the case of residential premises, and especially where the
tenants in common are family members, the court must have regard to the
subjective feelings of the occupants, including likes and dislikes. The court
must consider objectively whether, having regard to the subjective
characteristics of the occupants themselves, the impugned conduct amounts to
an ouster.

39 It is not a question of who has acted more reasonably. The law does not set
out rules concerning who in any household must give way to the other or who
must be more reasonable. This applies as much to choice of pets as to anything
else. Some people like dogs, others do not. It is important to assess whether
any concern, interest or preference relied upon by either party is genuinely
held, and has not been feigned for the purpose of making coliving difficult
for the other occupant.

40 Before turning to the question whether Lian Chyu’s conduct amounted to
constructive ouster, I deal first with the question of Rosaline’s standing to
sue, which was contested by Lian Chyu. As she has refused to accept transfer
of legal title to her tenancy in common from Nellie, she presently only holds
the beneficial interest to one-eleventh of 61 Kovan. To get around this,
Rosalind joined Nellie as a defendant, so as to ensure that all necessary
parties are before the court. That effectively deals with the question of
standing. A further point was taken by Lian Chyu’s counsel to the effect that
Nellie did not even have a beneficial interest in one-eleventh of 61 Kovan. I
rejected this argument, which was based on a category error. The case law
cited concerned the position of a residuary legatee in relation to assets of
an estate (not themselves subject to specific bequests) prior to ascertainment
of the residue. The law relating to the position of a residuary legatee has no
bearing on the position of the recipient of a specific bequest, which is what
61 Kovan was. Moreover, long before these proceedings commenced, the estate
was ready to distribute 61 Kovan, and had actually done so for all those
beneficiaries who did not refuse distribution.

41 Turning back to the merits, Lian Chyu’s objections have always centred on
Rosaline’s dogs. He has never denied her personal right of residence. Even in
respect of the dogs, it has not truly been a blanket objection to them. In his
email of 2 May 2017 he called them “ferocious” but assured Rosaline that she
was welcome to stay. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

2 AB 668.

Her solicitors’ reply responded by describing their breeds and asserting that
they were friendly and obedient, but did not offer any steps that Rosaline
might take to meet Lian Chyu’s concerns. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

2 AB 669.

42 Mostly, Lian Chyu has expressed concerns about specifics, such as her
bringing the dogs into the shared living areas within the house, their
excessive salivation and her delay in clearing this up. He also said that he
was concerned that they might be allowed to defecate in the compound, and that
if they did so Rosaline would not clear up immediately, attracting flies. I
find that these concerns are genuine. From my observations of him in the
witness box and as captured on the video recordings taken by Judy and Jenny on
7 June 2018, he seems to have been traumatised by Rosaline’s long history of
allowing her dogs to come into the shared living areas, as well as allowing
them to defecate in the compound and not cleaning up after them quickly.

43 I also consider that Lian Chyu’s actions have mostly been restrained and
proportionate. When Rosaline placed the enclosure at the garage where he
parked his car, he seemed genuinely upset by where it had been placed.
Rosaline’s choice of location seemed a provocation. In response, he did not
destroy it or dispose of it, but dismantled it and kept it to one side.

44 By contrast, I find that Rosaline did not do very much to address her
brother’s concerns. For example, she could have given assurances about where
the dogs would defecate, and how she would ensure that excrement would be
cleared. Indeed, she should also have given serious consideration to whether
she should insist on bringing the dogs into the house itself, as opposed to
keeping them in the general compound.

45 I hold that Rosaline has failed to show that Lian Chyu’s conduct toward her
rose to the point of denying her right to reside at 61 Kovan. Brother and
sister simply differed on the extent to which her dogs should have the run of
the house, and what measures she should take in relation to them. I reject her
contention that Lian Chyu has fastened on the issue of the dogs as an excuse
to make it intolerable for Rosaline to live at 61 Kovan.

46 I therefore conclude that there has been no trespass by ouster, whether in
2017 or 2018.

47 I make one final observation under this issue. For the past fourteen years,
Rosaline has had exclusive use of one room on the second floor. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Lian Chyu’s AEIC at para 36(a).

She has kept that room locked, and gone to it whenever she has pleased,
without hindrance from Lian Chyu. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Lian Chyu’s AEIC at para 36(c).

This remained the case during the years 2017 and 2018, when she claims to have
been ousted from 61 Kovan. Throughout this time, and to date, she has not paid
anything at all toward property tax or other outgoings of 61 Kovan. The
relevance of this point is that the court, as described at [19(c)] above, gave
Rosaline use of one bedroom in connection with her exercising her right of
residence. It follows logically that in keeping her bedroom as she did she was
affirming that she was indeed in residence. It is not open to her to claim she
has been ousted. This is an additional reason why her claim for trespass by
ouster fails.

Issue 5: Conspiracy

48 Rosaline claims that Lian Chyu, Djau Ai and their children conspired to
cause her injury by unlawful means. It is a prerequisite that the conspirators
in an alleged conspiracy combine to do an unlawful act with the intention of
injuring the claimant. I therefore turn to consider what the evidence shows.

49 In relation to Djau Ai, there is really no evidence at all that she has
taken any steps to hinder Rosaline’s residence or even shown any animosity
toward her. In fact, having heard her evidence before me and reviewed the
audio and video recordings, I find that she did her utmost to avoid getting
drawn into the conflict that Rosaline had with Lian Chyu. Rosaline’s counsel
in closing could not identify any act of Djau Ai that was directed at
Rosaline. A wife is no more her husband’s keeper than a sister her brother’s.
As with Nellie, Rosaline must have known from the start that there was no
basis to sue Djau Ai.

50 Turning to the children, I have accepted that their presence at 61 Kovan on
17 June 2018 was not simply because it was a Sunday (see [26] above). I find
that they came that day because they wanted to support their father when
Rosaline arrived. Roney especially, but also his sisters, took an active role.
Roney play-acted when Rosaline gave him a small push when he was standing
close to her. They must have known that their aunt was merely being sarcastic
whenever she told her Labrador to bite them, and in their pleading made too
much of those words. At the same time, I have no doubt that they were deeply
concerned and worried about the effect of Rosaline’s actions on their aged
father. They had genuine concerns for his health and well-being arising from
Rosaline’s insistence on bringing her dogs and allowing them within the house.

51 The claim of unlawful means conspiracy depends upon there having been an
intention to injure Rosaline, presumably by causing her to pay rental on 3
Leith Park for another year. I do not accept that they had any intention to
injure her. I accept that their intention was simply to support their father
and avoid any situation that might endanger his health.

52 Turning to the requirement of unlawful acts, the alleged unlawful act on
their part identified by Rosaline was Roney’s making up that she assaulted
him, in which he was supported by his sisters, and which they all repeated to
the police. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Plaintiff’s Opening Statement para 43.

Making false statements to the police is wrong and can in principle constitute
an unlawful act for the purpose of establishing an unlawful means conspiracy.
However, what Rosaline relies on is not a formal police report but what they
said to the police officer attending at 61 Kovan on that day. I accept that
her nephew and nieces were genuinely agitated by the events of that day. I
have also held that there was contact in the form of a small push. Even though
they may have embellished the story as they spoke to the police officer, I am
not able to find that this constituted an unlawful act for the purpose of
establishing an unlawful means conspiracy.

Issue 6: Damages

53 Turning to the question of damages, my conclusions on liability mean that I
do not need to consider it. However, I will make one observation.

54 In relation to trespass by ouster, damages may take the form either of an
occupation rent (also known as mesne profits) for the ousting tenant’s use of
the property to the wrongful exclusion of others or alternatively compensation
for loss suffered by the ousted tenant in common. Where, as here, the latter
is sought, it must be shown that the loss resulted from the ouster.

55 In my view, Rosaline did not need to rent 3 Leith Park in order to
accommodate her dogs, if they could not stay with her at 61 Kovan. This is
because she could have stayed in her bedroom at 61 Kovan while her dogs stayed
at her apartment next door, at 59 Kovan. There is a side gate between the two
compounds that she uses. Her explanation in the witness box that her dogs did
not like the compound at 59 Kovan because there were more mosquitos on that
side of the fence was not believable.

Costs

56 Counsel submitted on costs in their written closing submissions and again
during oral closing. Costs must follow the event, and I hold that Rosaline is
to pay costs to Nellie, to Lian Chyu and Djau Ai, and to Roney, Jenny and
Joanie. The trial took six days, and the claims raised some points of law that
are not often encountered.

57 In relation to Nellie, she would have been correctly joined as a nominal
party, but Rosaline, without any basis to do so, made substantive claims
against her. I would have considered carefully any argument for indemnity
costs, but when addressing me on costs Nellie’s counsel was instructed to seek
only standard costs, and to do so at the lower end of the scale. This was a
further expression of her already demonstrated non-confrontational character.
I fix costs to Nellie at $60,000, as well as reasonable disbursements to be
fixed by me if not agreed.

58 For Lian Chyu and Djau Ai, I have observed that there was never any basis
to include Djau Ai in these proceedings. Lian Chyu had to defend against the
most claims of any of the defendants. I fix costs at $90,000, as well as
reasonable disbursements to be fixed by me if not agreed.

59 For Roney, Jenny and Joanie, I fix costs at $60,000, as well as reasonable
disbursements to be fixed by me if not agreed.

Conclusion

60 I dismiss the claims in their entirety and award costs to the defendants as
set out at [57] to [59] above.

61 Three years have passed since that fateful day in June 2018, and almost two
years since Rosaline returned to fulltime residence at 61 Kovan with her two
dogs. Soon after, the old Labrador passed on, and she continues in residence
with her golden retriever. I can only express the hope that the siblings’
halcyon days, when 61 Kovan under their mother’s charge resounded with
laughter and good cheer, may yet find some echo in their silver years.

Philip Jeyaretnam JC  
Judicial Commissioner|  
---|---  
  
Choh Thian Chee Irving and Wong Zhen Yang (Optimus Chambers LLC) for the
plaintiff;

Ng Hweelon and Wang Qiuru Lynn (Veritas Law Corporation) for the first
defendant;

A Shahiran Anis Bin Mohamed Ibrahim and Tai Kai Xuan Marcus (Asia Law
Corporation) for the second and third defendants;

Gopalakrishnan Dinagaran and Tan Wei Chieh (Prestige Legal LLP) for the
fourth, fifth and sixth defendants.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 01 Jul 2021 (11:43 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

