Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC 65

Originating Summons No 1006 of 2020

Between

| Sutherland Hugh David Brodie  
---|---  
  
… Applicant

And

(1)| Official Assignee  
---|---  
(2)| Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited  
  
… Respondents

judgment

[Choses In Action] — [Assignment]

[Equity] — [Estoppel] — [Proprietary estoppel]

[Insolvency Law] — [Bankruptcy]

[Trusts] — [Constructive trusts]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Sutherland, Hugh David Brodie

  
v

  

Official Assignee and another

[2021] SGHC 65

General Division of the High Court — Originating Summons No 1006 of 2020  
Philip Jeyaretnam JC  
23 February 2021

19 March 2021 Judgment reserved.

Philip Jeyaretnam JC:

Introduction

1 No good deed goes unpunished, or so the proverb goes.

2 From March to September 2018 Mr Sutherland Hugh David Brodie (“Mr
Sutherland”), the applicant in these proceedings, did one such good deed for
his friends, Mr Balbeer Singh Mangat (“Mr Mangat”) and his wife, Mdm Sirjit
Gill (collectively, the “Debtors”). At their request, he made payments
totalling $414,000 to the second respondent, Oversea-Chinese Banking
Corporation (“OCBC”), to repay instalments owing under OCBC’s mortgage over
the Debtors’ home at Cable Road (the “Property”). The idea was that if OCBC
was persuaded to hold off on enforcing their rights, the Debtors could sell
the Property on the open market and obtain a better price than in a mortgagee
sale. A higher price would benefit the unsecured creditors, though it would
not completely satisfy the Debtors’ very considerable debts. From the start of
his involvement, in mid-March 2018, Mr Sutherland expected to be repaid from
the surplus sale proceeds. This would be after OCBC was paid, but it would be
ahead of the unsecured creditors. All he wanted was to be repaid exactly what
he himself paid. He did not ask for a single cent of interest.

3 This arrangement was later recorded in an assignment agreement, titled
“Assignment of Sales Proceeds” and dated 18 September 2018 (the “Assignment
Agreement”). 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Affidavit of Applicant dated 9 October 2020 (“SHDB-1”), pp 259–273.

4 Unfortunately, the Debtors were made bankrupt on 25 October 2018. This was
before they could sell the Property. There was then a mortgagee sale, which
was completed on 21 October 2020. It did indeed generate a surplus of about $1
million over what was owed to OCBC. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Affidavit of Allen Lye Xin Ren dated 15 December 2020, [34].

These proceeds of sale are the Debtors’ main asset.

5 The Official Assignee, who is the first respondent in these proceedings,
took the position that Mr Sutherland could not rely on the Assignment
Agreement because it was entered into only after the bankruptcy application
against the Debtors had been filed on 11 May 2018. The Official Assignee
considered that the Assignment Agreement was therefore void under s 77(1) of
the Bankruptcy Act (Cap 20, 2009 Rev Ed) (the “BA”). Mr Sutherland was thus
only an unsecured creditor and would only rank rateably with the other
unsecured creditors. Instead of getting back what he had paid in full, he
would receive a small fraction of it.

6 Mr Sutherland did not agree. He brought these proceedings seeking
ratification of the Assignment Agreement under s 77(1) of the BA. This
provision now appears as s 328(1) of the Insolvency, Restructuring and
Dissolution Act 2018 (No 40 of 2018) (the “IRDA”). In the alternative, he
relied on what transpired in March 2018, shortly before his first advance to
OCBC on the Debtors’ behalf (which was before the bankruptcy application was
filed), as giving rise to a common intention constructive trust or a
proprietary estoppel in respect of the Property. At the hearing, he also
argued as an alternative that there was an equitable assignment of the balance
sale proceeds (ie, what remained after OCBC had been repaid) at that earlier
time.

7 The questions for the court are as follows: (a) whether the Assignment
Agreement should be ratified; and (b) whether what was discussed between Mr
Sutherland and Mr Mangat on 16 March 2018 (the “16 March 2018 meeting”) and
recorded in a letter from the Debtors to Mr Sutherland dated 17 March 2018
effected an equitable assignment, or gave rise to a common intention
constructive trust or a proprietary estoppel.

Outline of facts

8 By late 2017, the Debtors were beset by claims from creditors under
guarantees they had given in respect of loans extended to a company called
FTMS Holdings (S) Pte Ltd. The Debtors made a proposal for a joint voluntary
arrangement on 10 November 2017. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

SHDB-1, pp 25–55.

Apart from seeking to avoid bankruptcy, they hoped to achieve a higher
recovery for their creditors than under a bankruptcy scenario, prevent a
scramble for assets and maintain Mr Mangat’s chartered accountant licence. A
key part of the proposal was to sell the Property by 31 December 2018. They
anticipated a sale price of $25 million that would allow for a surplus of
about $8 million for the unsecured creditors. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

SHDB-1, p 52.

9 OCBC was naturally looking to its security in the Property. By a letter
dated 13 March 2018, OCBC notified the Debtors that it would proceed with a
writ of possession unless the Debtors adhered to the repayment schedule. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

SHDB-1, p 23.

The repayment schedule had been set out in a letter dated 1 February 2018. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

SHDB-1, pp 75–76.

10 Against this background, a creditors’ meeting was held on 15 March 2018. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

SHDB-1, pp 56–66.

The chairman of the meeting (the “Chairman”) was a professional insolvency
practitioner who was the nominee for the intended voluntary arrangement.
Towards the end of the meeting, he raised a new point. He informed the
creditors at the meeting that a third party was prepared to pay the monthly
instalments of $100,000 to OCBC. The aim was to obtain OCBC’s indulgence for
the Property to be sold by the end of 2018. The unnamed third party was Mr
Sutherland. The Chairman noted that under this arrangement, the third party
would be paid in priority to the unsecured creditors from the sale proceeds.
The Chairman took the view that this would benefit the unsecured creditors,
provided that the third party did not charge interest. Interest was already
accruing on the outstanding mortgage repayments in accordance with the terms
of the OCBC mortgage.

11 By this stage of the creditors’ meeting, some of the creditors had already
left. It was too late to modify the joint proposal to include this newly
suggested arrangement. So, no vote was taken on it. However, one creditor is
noted as objecting. He thought that it might amount to an undue preference.
The Chairman disagreed with him. The relevant paragraph in the minutes reads:
8

##### Foot Note 8

×

SHDB-1, p 64.

Whilst the voting was ongoing, the Chairman informed the meeting that he had
just been advised by [Mr Balbeer Singh Mangat] that in respect of the OCBC
mortgage loan, a third party was prepared to pay the monthly instalments of
S$100,000 on behalf of the Debtors so as to obtain the indulgence from OCBC
for the Property to be sold by the end of 2018, instead of a fire sale. Under
this arrangement, the third party would like the loan to be ranked in the same
position as OCBC and be paid in priority ahead of the unsecured creditors from
the sale proceeds. The Chairman was of the view that such an arrangement would
be beneficial to the creditors, provided that the third party did not charge
interest, as opposed to OCBC where interest would continue to accrue. Mr
Kuppanchetti added that this could result in an undue preference. The Chairman
informed that he was of the view there should not be an issue of undue
preference and that such an arrangement would entail modification to the Joint
Proposal. At this juncture, however, as some of the creditors have left after
casting their vote, it was not possible to modify the Joint Proposal and the
Chairman would record this comment in the minutes of the creditors’ meeting.

12 The next day, Mr Sutherland and his business advisor met Mr Mangat. Mr
Sutherland described what happened in the following terms: 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

SHDB-1, [13].

We then discussed that in return for my assistance, all monies loaned to Mr
Mangat and Mdm Gill will eventually be repaid to me from the sale proceeds of
the Property after all outstanding payments to [OCBC] have been made. We also
agreed that an assignment agreement will follow in due course. …

13 The Debtors gave the applicant a letter dated 17 March 2018. It read in
part: 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

SHDB-1, p 78.

As discussed yesterday , [sic] we appreciate your assistance on helping us on
the March 2018 OCBC instalment as required by the attached letter dated 13
March 2018 from OCBC.

Please transfer $100,000 into our OCBC account … This transfer will [be]
repaid from the proceeds of sale … after OCBC payments as agreed by the VA
creditors meeting on 15 March 2018.

14 The letter did not mention that an assignment agreement would follow. On a
separate note, it was not accurate to say that the arrangement had been
“agreed by the VA creditors meeting”, given that no vote had been taken.

15 Mr Sutherland then proceeded to make payments toward the mortgage, the last
one being made on 23 October 2018. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

SHDB-1, [17] and [22].

16 The Assignment Agreement was only executed on 18 September 2018. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

SHDB-1, p 259.

Its recital acknowledged the payments made by Mr Sutherland, in respect of the
Debtors’ OCBC mortgage, prior to that date as well as prospective payments. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

SHDB-1, p 260.

In relation to all such advances, both past and prospective, Clause 4 set out
an assignment of any sale proceeds of the Property that remained after
repaying OCBC, up to the amount payable to Mr Sutherland by the Debtors.

17 Clause 4 reads: 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

SHDB-1, pp 263–264.

4.1 Assignment of Sale Agreement

The Assignors as beneficial owners, and as a continuing security for the
payment and discharge of the Liabilities and for the observance and
performance by the Assignors of its obligations for the Advances, hereby
assigns and agrees to assign absolutely to the Assignee, free from all liens,
charges and other encumbrances, all its present and future rights to the
proceeds of any payments (up to the sum of equivalent to the Outstanding
Amount after deducting the amount payable to the relevant Mortgagee for the
redemption in full of the relevant Mortgage and (if applicable) any amount
payable to the Central Provident Fund Board for the redemption in full of the
CPF charge over the Property) which may at any time be received by or payable
to it under or in connection with the Sale Agreement, whether on account of
any claims, awards and judgments made or given under or in connection with the
Sale Agreement or otherwise howsoever.

4.2 Discharge and Reassignment

On or after the Final Discharge Date, the Assignee shall, at the request and
expense of the Assignors, reassign to the Assignors all the Property, or
otherwise discharge the security interest hereby created.

18 “Sale Agreement” was specifically defined to mean “the agreement which is
or at any time may be entered into by or on behalf of the Assignors for the
sale or disposal of the whole or any part of the Property”. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

SHDB-1, p 261.

19 Shortly after Mr Sutherland’s last payment on 23 October 2018, the
bankruptcy order was made against the Debtors on 25 October 2018. The
bankruptcy application had been filed on 11 May 2018. The Debtors then
voluntarily gave up possession of the Property on 31 December 2018, and it was
sold.

Ratification

S 77 of the BA: its scope, its exception and the court’s discretion to ratify

20 S 77(1) of the BA provides as follows:

Where a person is adjudged bankrupt, any disposition of property made by him
during the period beginning with the day of the making of the bankruptcy
application and ending with the making of the bankruptcy order shall be void
except to the extent that such disposition has been made with the consent of,
or been subsequently ratified by, the court.

21 The purpose of this provision, which has been retained as s 328(1) of the
IRDA, is to preserve the bankrupt’s assets for orderly and rateable
distribution to the general body of creditors.

22 The Official Assignee took the position that as the Assignment Agreement
was only executed after the date on which the bankruptcy application was
filed, it was void under s 77 of the BA. The applicant sought the court’s
ratification of the Assignment Agreement. This was opposed by the Official
Assignee.

23 The Official Assignee did however accept that, if ratified, the Assignment
Agreement would be binding, and the applicant would be entitled to be paid out
of the sale proceeds in priority to the unsecured creditors. The Official
Assignee did not address the legal basis for this position, but it is helpful
to sketch out the binding effect of the Assignment Agreement in equity, as
well as its interaction with s 77(1) of the BA, before considering the
application for ratification further.

24 At the time of the Assignment Agreement, the Property had not been sold,
and no sale agreement had been executed. The right to claim an interest in
sale proceeds arising under a contract not yet in existence is a future chose
in action. As the chose in action was not yet in existence, it could not be
assigned in law. Equity, however, enforces a promise to assign a future chose
in action, so long as the promise is supported by consideration and thus
specifically enforceable (Marcus Smith and Nico Leslie, The Law of Assignment
(Oxford University Press, 3rd Ed, 2018) (“The Law of Assignment”) at para
2.108). The assignment is completed the moment the property comes into the
hands of the assignor. However, the assignment in equity is treated as taking
place at the time of the agreement to assign (Snell’s Equity (John McGhee QC
gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 34th Ed, 2020) at para 3-030; Hugh Beale, Chitty on
Contracts (Sweet & Maxwell, 32nd Ed, 2015) at [19-033]). This commercially
useful outcome rests on the principle that equity treats as done that which
ought to be done. In this way, an agreement to assign binds a trustee in
bankruptcy if it was formed prior to the making of the bankruptcy application
or, if formed post-bankruptcy application, it is ratified under s 77(1) of the
BA. The agreement to assign is not just a matter of contract but has acquired
the character of an equity. There is, however, one important exception. Some
future choses in action will only be earned in the future, meaning that steps
will have to be taken to earn them. Where those steps have not been taken
prior to bankruptcy, the trustee may choose to disclaim the contracts under
which those steps would be taken and so would not be bound by the assignment
of the receivables that would be payable under such contracts (The Law of
Assignment at paras 30.27–30.37). For this reason, the assignment of unearned
book debts does not bind a trustee in bankruptcy. But this case is different.
The assignor owned the property at the time of the assignment. Even though no
sale contract had yet been made, the right to receive sale proceeds from any
future sale of that property was already earned, and so any valid agreement to
assign would bind the trustee in bankruptcy in equity and would not merely
give rise to an unsecured debt.

25 As the Assignment Agreement was formed after the bankruptcy application was
made, the operation of equity is, accordingly, subject to the restrictions on
the disposition of property under the BA. A future chose in action falls
within the definition of property in s 2(1) of the BA. An assignment of that
future chose in action would be a disposition within the meaning of s 77(1).
Therefore, unless ratified by the court, the Assignment Agreement is void.

26 What then is the test for ratification of a disposition? The first
observation to make is that ratification is only necessary if the disposition
does not fall within the exception set out in s 77(3) of the BA (now s 328(3)
of the IRDA). That exception, essentially in favour of a good faith purchaser
for value without notice of the bankruptcy application, is as follows:

Nothing in this section shall give a remedy against any person in respect of —

(a) any property or payment which he received from the bankrupt before the
commencement of the bankruptcy in good faith, for value and without notice
that the bankruptcy application had been made; or

(b) any interest in property which derives from an interest in respect of
which there is, by virtue of this subsection, no remedy.

27 That the possibility of ratification is provided for separately from and in
addition to the exception contained in s 77(3) necessarily means that
ratification is not limited to transactions that fall within that exception.
There may be occasions when ratification is appropriate even though the
conditions of the exception are not met. Good faith, notice and value will be
relevant when considering ratification, but how important or necessary they
are will have to be considered as part of the overall exercise of discretion.
Considerations of good faith and notice will figure differently. Transactions
may be ratified even though the third party had notice of the bankruptcy
application, if it is otherwise fair and just to do so. On the other hand, the
absence of good faith would almost certainly rule out a successful application
for ratification. The presence of good faith would not in itself be
sufficient.

28 Returning to the test for ratification, the starting point is the objective
of s 77 of the BA. It is to preserve the bankrupt’s assets for orderly and
rateable distribution to the general body of creditors. For this reason, the
first consideration must be whether ratification promotes this objective or
undermines it. A disposition that was, at the time it was made, in the
interests of the general pool of creditors fits with the objective of the
provision. Such a disposition may be ratified, if it is otherwise fair and
just to do so. In determining what was in the interests of the general pool of
creditors, the court should ask whether at the time of the disposition it was
likely to benefit the general pool of creditors.

29 The foregoing statement of principle fits with the recognised position
concerning validation under the former s 259 of the Companies Act (Cap 50,
2006 Rev Ed) of dispositions made by a company after commencement of winding
up. Both parties referred to Centaurea International Pte Ltd (in liquidation)
v Citus Trading Pte Ltd [2016] SGHC 264. Steven Chong J (as he then was), at
[48] of that decision, opined that “[t]he proper and … just approach is to
focus the inquiry at the time of the payment whether the disposition is likely
to benefit the creditors” [emphasis in original].

Parties’ arguments on ratification

30 The applicant and the Official Assignee took contrary positions on the
purpose and likely benefit of the Assignment Agreement.

31 The applicant stressed that the Assignment Agreement followed and
formalised what had been happening since March 2018. He made the mortgage
instalments to help the Debtors avoid a fire sale of the Property. He expected
to be repaid from the eventual proceeds of sale ahead of the unsecured
creditors. He helped the Debtors openly. The bankrupts’ nominee informed the
unsecured creditors of this course of action at the creditors’ meeting on 15
March 2018. The applicant’s case for ratification was summarised by him as
follows: 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Affidavit of Applicant dated 15 January 2021, [39].

In any case, I wish to state that my intentions in rendering financial
assistance to Mr Mangat and Mdm Gill have always been honourable. I emphasize
that I had so readily offered my help to prevent a fire sale of the Property
in order to safeguard the Property for the benefit of the creditors as a whole
out of good faith and not due to any self-interest. I verily believe that my
actions had the following positive effect: -

(a) The Property was not sold by [OCBC] in a fire sale;

(b) The Property was eventually sold for a higher value;

(c) The amount which Mr Mangat and Mdm Gill owed to [OCBC] under the Mortgage
of the Property was reduced, thus reducing the amount of interest accrued; and

(d) After staving off the fire sale, Mr Mangat was able to engage in further
negotiations with [OCBC], which resulted in [OCBC’s] waiver of the amount of
$450,000.00 in penalties. This amount was therefore preserved for the benefit
of the creditors as a whole, and had a positive effect on Mr Mangat and Mdm
Gill’s bankruptcy estates.

32 The Official Assignee by contrast sought to distance and disconnect the
Assignment Agreement from the earlier payments that the applicant had made.
According to the Official Assignee, if there was any benefit to the general
body of creditors, it came from the earlier payment of the mortgage
instalments. Further, the Assignment Agreement was entered into “only at a
very late stage”. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Official Assignee’s written submissions, [60].

Moreover, any such benefit was speculative, as it was only an assumption that
there would have been a “fire sale” or that an earlier sale would have
resulted in a lower price. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Official Assignee’s written submissions, [61].

Discussion on ratification

33 Given that $361,000 of the $414,000 advanced by the applicant was provided
by him prior to the Assignment Agreement, 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

SHDB-1, [17].

it is important to deal first with whether it is appropriate to have regard to
events prior to the disposition. In my view, there is no blanket rule that
excludes prior events from consideration. Whether they should factor into the
exercise of the discretion depends on how they relate to the later
disposition. The applicant stresses that even before the first advance was
made, there was discussion that an assignment agreement would follow. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

SHDB-1, [13].

An assignment agreement was, on this submission, a formality that was already
in contemplation when the first advance was made. The Official Assignee by
contrast suggests that there was no intention back then to execute any
assignment: if that had indeed been the intention then the Assignment
Agreement would have been signed much earlier. Instead, the Official Assignee
suggests that the original intention was simply to make unsecured loans such
that the entry into the Assignment Agreement was “probably a belated attempt…
to obtain a form of security”. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Official Assignee’s written submissions, [57].

34 I am of the view that prior events that were in contemplation of the later
disposition would be relevant to whether the disposition should be ratified. I
accept that the applicant only made the first and subsequent advances because
he expected that an assignment agreement would follow so that he would be
repaid from the sale proceeds of the Property ahead of the unsecured creditors
(the “expectation”). First of all, this is what the applicant himself says in
describing what was said at the 16 March 2018 meeting he had with Mr Mangat.
22

##### Foot Note 22

×

SHDB-1, [12]–[15].

Secondly, the applicant’s expectation is corroborated by the evidence of his
business adviser. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Affidavit of Rodger Stuart Johnston dated 9 October 2020, [6] and [7].

Thirdly, the expectation fits the contemporaneous documents. It is supported
by what the bankrupts’ nominee had said the day before, as reflected in the
minutes of the creditors’ meeting (see [11] above). 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

SHDB-1, p 64 at para 4.5.

The minutes spell out that the arrangement would entail the applicant being
repaid from the sale proceeds in priority to the unsecured creditors. It is
also consistent with the letter of 17 March 2018 (see [13] above). Fourthly,
it is consistent with common sense, in that anyone in the applicant’s shoes
would seek to put in place some protection for himself. It is true that the
applicant was helping Mr Mangat as an old friend. It is also true that he was
not seeking to earn any interest or make any profit. But that does not mean
the applicant would have acted without regard to being repaid at all. It would
have been foolish to make the advances without any priority to repayment,
knowing that the Debtors were on the verge of insolvency and so at best he
would only receive a fraction of repayments due to him. That the applicant
brought his business adviser with him to the 16 March 2018 meeting shows that
while he wanted to help, he was also seeking to protect himself. For these
reasons, the Assignment Agreement must be considered in the light of the
intentions, as well as the likely benefit to the general pool of creditors, of
the earlier advances covered by the Assignment Agreement.

35 For completeness, I add that I also find that the earlier intention was for
the applicant to have a security interest in the sale proceeds, in priority to
the secured creditors. He was not intended to be only an unsecured creditor. I
also accept that he acted in good faith throughout.

36 Turning to the question of likely benefit, at the creditors’ meeting
described at [10] and [11] above, the Debtors’ nominee (who was the Chairman)
noted that this arrangement would benefit the creditors. He noted two ways in
which it would do so. One was that it would fend off a fire sale by OCBC. The
other was the saving of interest payable to OCBC. I accept that these were
indeed likely benefits of the Assignment Agreement.

37 As noted at [31] above, a third benefit was put forward by the applicant.
It lay in providing Mr Mangat the opportunity to further negotiate with OCBC,
leading to a waiver of penalties which would otherwise have reduced the pool
of assets available to unsecured creditors. This was not clearly evidenced,
whether as an identified likely benefit or as one that eventuated, and I have
not had regard to it in the exercise of my discretion.

38 My principal focus has been on whether there was likely benefit to the
general pool of creditors, rather than whether ultimately there was benefit.
Nonetheless, where benefit has in fact occurred, it must be a relevant factor
in favour of ratification. It would be unfair if the general pool of creditors
receives and retains a benefit as a consequence of a transaction, but that
transaction is void. In this case, benefit to the creditors did in fact
eventuate. While no evidence was tendered that the Property ultimately
realised a higher price because of the additional time obtained from OCBC, nor
that the applicant’s payments led to OCBC’s waiver of penalties, it is clear
that the unsecured creditors have benefited from not having to deduct from the
sale proceeds the amount of interest payable to OCBC on the $414,000 advanced
by the applicant. It would not be fair or just for the unsecured creditors to
take the benefit of this saving – and in addition share rateably in the
$414,000 advanced by the applicant – when that interest would have been
deducted from the sale proceeds in favour of OCBC if the applicant had not
advanced his payments.

39 I therefore consider that this is an appropriate case for ratification of
the Assignment Agreement.

Alternative contentions of an earlier equitable assignment, a common intention
constructive trust or a proprietary estoppel

40 Given that I have decided in the applicant’s favour on the question of
ratification, it is not necessary for me to consider whether there was an
equitable assignment as of 16 or 17 March 2018, nor whether a common intention
constructive trust or a proprietary estoppel arose at any time. However, I
will make some brief observations.

41 In relation to the equitable assignment of a chose in action such as that
in question here, the first point is that the equitable assignment does not
have to be in writing. The requirements of an equitable assignment are
threefold, namely: (a) an intention to assign; (b) clear identification of the
chose in action being assigned; and (c) some act by the assignor showing that
he is passing the chose in action to the alleged assignee (see Tsu Soo Sin v
Oei Tjiong Bin and another [2009] 1 SLR(R) 529 at [16]). These requirements
are satisfied by what took place at the 16 March 2018 meeting. Mr Mangat told
the applicant that his advances would be repaid from the sale proceeds of the
Property, once it was sold, in priority to the unsecured creditors. He said a
formal assignment agreement would follow. The applicant acted on what he was
told when he made the first advance on 17 March 2018. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

SHDB-1, [14] and [17].

While Mr Mangat did not use the word “assign”, this is not a pre-requisite and
the court looks to the substance of what was said. The reference to an
assignment agreement being entered into invoked the concept of assignment.
Together with the mention of priority over unsecured creditors, it is clear
that a security interest was being created in favour of the applicant over the
sale proceeds. Value was given by the applicant through the making of the
advances. I would therefore have held that there was an equitable assignment
at that earlier point in time, if it had been necessary to consider this
alternative.

42 Turning to the contentions of a common intention constructive trust and
proprietary estoppel, I would have rejected them both. Little purpose will be
served by setting out the principles underlying these doctrines, as the
applicant would fail in relation to both of them for one simple reason. The
possibility that he would have an interest in the Property itself was never
discussed. There is no evidence that it was ever intended he would. Moreover,
while this point was not taken before me, the creation of an immediate
beneficial interest in the Property in favour of the applicant would be a
dealing in the mortgaged property that might well have required OCBC’s
consent. This could explain why it was not discussed.

Conclusion

43 I ratify the Assignment Agreement under s 77(1) of the BA. Mr Sutherland’s
good deed for his friends escapes the proverbial punishment.

44 I will hear the parties on the costs of this originating summons.

Philip Jeyaretnam  
Judicial Commissioner|  
---|---  
  
Subir Singh Grewal (Aequitas Law LLP) for the applicant;

Goh Yin Dee and Allen Lye Xin Ren (Insolvency & Public Trustee’s Office) for
the first respondent;

Fah Serena (Advent Law Corporation) for the second respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 19 Mar 2021 (18:11 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

