Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the appellate division OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC(A) 13

Civil Appeal No 48 of 2021

Between

United Petroleum Trading Limited

… Appellant

And

Trafigura Pte Ltd

… Respondent

EX tEMPORE judgment

[Civil Procedure] — [Striking out]

[Limitation of Actions] — [When time begins to run]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
United Petroleum Trading Ltd

  
v

  

Trafigura Pte Ltd

[2021] SGHC(A) 13

Appellate Division of the High Court — Civil Appeal No 48 of 2021  
Belinda Ang Saw Ean JAD and Chua Lee Ming J  
23 September 2021

23 September 2021

Chua Lee Ming J (delivering the judgment of the court ex tempore):

1 In High Court Suit No 1055 of 2019 (“S1055”), the appellant alleges that
three sums of money – US$4.4m, US$1.38m and US$2.5m – were paid to the
respondent as initial margin pursuant to an agreement under which the
respondent had agreed to trade futures contracts for gasoline on the
appellant’s behalf (the “alleged agreement”). The appellant sought recovery of
the three sums on the grounds that the alleged agreement was void for
illegality or, alternatively, that there has been a total failure of
consideration because the respondent failed, omitted and/or neglected to trade
on the appellant’s behalf.

2 The respondent applied to strike out the claims pursuant to O 18 r 19 of the
Rules of Court (2014 Rev Ed) (the “Rules”). The respondent denied the alleged
agreement and said that the three sums were moneys owed to the respondent
under a different agreement. However, for purposes of its application, the
respondent was prepared to assume that the alleged agreement was entered into,
that the moneys were paid pursuant to the alleged agreement and that the
alleged agreement was void. In other words, the basis for the respondent’s
application was that even if the appellant could prove its case as pleaded,
the claims would still fail and therefore ought to be struck out.

3 The Assistant Registrar struck out the appellant’s claims for the first two
sums – US$4.4m and US$1.38m – on the ground that they were time-barred. The
High Court Judge (the “Judge”) dismissed the appellant’s appeal against the
Assistant Registrar’s decision. This appeal is against the Judge’s decision
and concerns only these two sums.

4 It is not disputed that the appellant paid, and the respondent received, the
sums of US$4.4m and US$1.38m on 25 September 2013 and 30 September 2013
respectively. The appellant commenced S1055 on 16 October 2019, more than six
years after the payments were received by the respondent. If the claims for
these two sums are time-barred, the claims would be legally unsustainable and
ought to be struck out; the defence of limitation would defeat the claims even
if all the facts alleged by the appellant are proved: The “Bunga Melati 5”
[2012] 4 SLR 546 at [75].

5 In this appeal, the appellant concedes that in so far as its claims are
based on the alleged agreement being void for illegality, the claims are time-
barred. However, the appellant argues that its claims based on a total failure
of consideration are not time-barred.

6 It is common ground that the appellant’s claims based on a total failure of
consideration are founded on contract and that, pursuant to s 6(1)(a) of the
Limitation Act (Cap 163, 1996 Rev Ed), the limitation period is six years from
the date on which the cause of action accrued: Ching Mun Fong (executrix of
the estate of Tan Geok Tee, deceased) v Liu Cho Chit [2001] 1 SLR(R) 856
(“Ching Mun Fong”) at [27].

7 The Judge was of the view that the cause of action accrued when the
respondent received the moneys and that accordingly, the claims for US$4.4m
and US$1.38m were time-barred. The Judge relied on Ching Mun Fong in which the
Court of Appeal said at [27]:

With respect to [the plaintiff’s] claim for money had and received for a total
failure of consideration, the judge held that the cause of action was founded
on contract, and s 6(1)(a) of the Limitation Act (Cap 163) applied. As the
money was paid to [the defendant] on or about 23 April 1981, the claim for the
recovery of this sum had been barred by 22 April 1987. … We agree with him
entirely.

8 The appellant makes three submissions in this appeal. First, the appellant
submits that the cause of action accrued only when the failure of
consideration occurred. The appellant relies on Goff & Jones on the Law of
Unjust Enrichment (Charles Mitchell, Paul Mitchell and Stephen Watterson eds)
(Sweet & Maxwell, 9th Ed, 2016) in which the authors state as follows (at para
33-11):

Limitation periods generally run from the date when the claimant’s cause of
action accrues, and a cause of action in unjust enrichment normally accrues at
the date when the defendant receives a benefit from the claimant. This rule
applies, for example, where the defendant has been paid the claimant’s money
in a transaction which the claimant did not authorize and to which he did not
consent, where the claimant has transferred a benefit by mistake, where he has
transferred a benefit on a basis that immediately fails, where he has paid
money as tax that is not due, where he has discharged a debt for which he was
only secondarily liable and for which the defendant was primarily liable, and
where he pays money pursuant to a judgment that is later reversed. However,
this rule probably does not apply in cases where benefits are transferred on a
basis that subsequently fails: here the cause of action is not complete until
the failure of basis occurs, and so this is most probably the date at which
time starts to run. … [emphasis added]

9 We agree with the appellant’s submission. The appellant’s claims are claims
in unjust enrichment. The three requirements of a claim in unjust enrichment
are (a) enrichment of the defendant, (b) at the expense of the plaintiff, and
(c) circumstances which make the enrichment unjust (ie, the presence of an
“unjust factor”): Benzline Auto Pte Ltd v Supercars Lorinser Pte Ltd and
another [2018] 1 SLR 239 (“Benzline”) at [45]. It is logical that such a cause
of action would accrue only when all three requirements are satisfied. Where
the unjust factor relied upon is a failure of consideration, which is also
referred to as a failure of basis (see Benzline at [46]), the cause of action
would not accrue before the basis has failed.

10 In Andrew Burrows, The Law of Restitution (Oxford University Press, 3rd Ed,
2011), the author expresses a similar view (at pp 607–608). This view also
finds support in case authorities. In Sami v Hamit [2018] EWHC 1400 (Ch), the
English High Court observed (at [37]) that “if the relevant basis failed after
the date of receipt of the benefit, the cause of action only accrues when the
basis failed”. In Guardian Ocean Cargoes Ltd and others v Banco do Brasil
[1994] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 152, the English Court of Appeal held that certain moneys
paid by the plaintiffs to a bank were dependent on a refinancing deal (that
was being negotiated) so that if no deal transpired, the bank would have no
right to retain the money. The court went on to hold that the plaintiffs’
cause of action for their money arose when the negotiations finally failed.

11 In our view, where the claim is for the recovery of money on the ground of
a total failure of consideration or basis, the cause of action cannot be said
to have accrued until the failure of consideration or basis has occurred. It
is only then that all of the requirements of the cause of action are
satisfied. We therefore disagree with the Judge’s conclusion that the cause of
action in this case accrued when the two sums of money were paid to the
defendant.

12 The occurrence of the failure of consideration may coincide with the date
that the money was received, which was what happened in Ching Mun Fong. In
that case, the claim was to recover money paid to the defendant for the
purchase of the interest of the defendant’s wife in a piece of property. The
defendant’s wife did not in fact have an interest in the property. Thus, there
was failure of consideration at the time when the money was paid. The passage
in Ching Mun Fong that the Judge relied on (see [7] above) has to be
understood in this context. We agree with the appellant that Ching Mun Fong is
distinguishable for this reason. However, this is not the end of the matter.

13 The consideration or basis in this case was the respondent’s obligation to
trade gasoline futures for the appellant. The critical question is when did
this basis fail? The appellant says that the respondent agreed to trade
futures contracts in gasoline on its behalf; no other term of the alleged
agreement is pleaded. The appellant has pleaded that the respondent failed,
omitted and/or neglected to trade on the appellant’s behalf. However, the
pleadings are silent as to when the respondent is alleged to have failed to
perform its obligation. The pleadings do not even state when the respondent
was to commence trading on the appellant’s behalf. In short, there is nothing
in the pleadings that shows that the total failure of consideration or basis
(and hence, the accrual of the cause of action) occurred within the limitation
period. If this matter goes to trial, the burden remains on the appellant to
prove that its claims for the two sums fall within the limitation period: IPP
Financial Advisers Pte Ltd v Saimee bin Jumaat and another appeal [2020] 2 SLR
272 (“IPP Financial Advisers”) at [37] and [41]. Even if the appellant proves
the facts that it has pleaded, it will not have discharged its burden of
proving that the claims for the two sums fall within the limitation period. In
our view, the appellant’s case, as pleaded, is clearly unsustainable.

14 In the Appellant’s Case, the appellant submits (at para 28) that the basis
failed when the respondent failed to perform its end of the bargain and that
this is a matter that should be resolved at trial. We disagree. We refer again
to IPP Financial Advisers which makes it clear that it is incumbent on the
appellant, as the claimant, to plead the relevant facts which show that its
claims fall within the limitation period.

15 The appellant’s second submission is that two invoices (both dated 17
October 2013) issued by the respondent to the plaintiff for the two sums in
question (the “Invoices”), constituted acknowledgements of its right of action
to recover the two sums respectively and that, pursuant to s 26(2) of the
Limitation Act, the right of action is deemed to have accrued on the dates of
the Invoices. We agree with the Judge that the Invoices do not constitute
acknowledgements of the appellant’s claims for purposes of s 26(2) of the
Limitation Act. For s 26(2) to apply, the respondent must acknowledge its
liability for the appellant’s claims; this is accepted by the appellant. It is
clear that the Invoices do not contain any such acknowledgement. On the
contrary, the Invoices required the appellant to make payment to the
respondent.

16 The appellant’s third submission relies on the fact that its claim for the
third sum of US$2.5m (see [1] above) is not time-barred and is proceeding to
trial. The appellant submits that since all three sums arise out of the same
underlying facts, there is “no real value” in striking out the claims for the
first two sums. We disagree. This submission is wholly unmeritorious. As the
claims for the first two sums are clearly time-barred, it makes no sense for
the claims to be tried, thereby wasting the court’s and the respondent’s time
and incurring unnecessary costs.

17 For the above reasons, we dismiss the appeal. The appellant is to pay costs
of the appeal to the respondent fixed at $30,000 all in. There will be the
usual consequential orders.

Belinda Ang Saw Ean  
Judge of the Appellate Division | Chua Lee Ming   
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---|---  
  
Alain Abraham Johns (Alain A Johns Partnership) for the appellant;

Tan Wee Kheng Kenneth Michael SC (Kenneth Tan Partnership) (instructed), Loh
Wai Yue, Mohammad Haireez bin Mohameed Jufferie and Chan Ji Kin Thaddaeus
(Incisive Law LLC) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 24 Sep 2021 (14:49 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

