Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC 36

Criminal Case No 28 of 2020

Between

Public Prosecutor  
---  
  
And

Kannan s/o R Kumaran  
---  
  
GROUNDS OF DECISION

[Criminal Law] — [Statutory offences] — [Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008
Rev Ed)]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  
v

  

Kannan s/o R Kumaran

[2021] SGHC 36

General Division of the High Court — Criminal Case No 28 of 2020  
See Kee Oon J  
24–27 August, 2–3 September, 7, 16–18 September, 9, 23 November 2020, 1
February 2021

15 February 2021

See Kee Oon J:

1 The accused, Kannan s/o R Kumaran (“Kannan”), was charged under s 5(1)(a)
read with s 12 of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed) (“MDA”) for
abetting by engaging in a conspiracy with one Ashvin s/o Ragupathy (“Ashvin”)
and one Arun Raj s/o Chandran (“Arun”) for Arun to traffic drugs by delivering
the said drugs to Ashvin. The controlled drug in question was not less than
829g of cannabis, which is a Class A controlled drug listed under the First
Schedule to the MDA. The charge attracts the mandatory death penalty upon
conviction.

2 Kannan, Ashvin and Arun were initially scheduled to be jointly tried in the
High Court on similar capital charges. All three accused were subsequently
offered reduced non-capital charges premised on similar facts should they
elect to plead guilty. Ashvin and Arun have pleaded guilty to the reduced
charges in the District Court. For the charges related to the present facts,
they were sentenced to 25 and 24 years’ imprisonment with 15 strokes of the
cane respectively. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Prosecution’s Opening Address at para 5

3 At the conclusion of the trial, I was satisfied that the Prosecution had
proved the charge beyond a reasonable doubt. Upon delivering brief grounds for
my decision to find him guilty, the accused was convicted and sentenced on 1
February 2021. I now set out the grounds of my decision in full.

Events surrounding the arrests of Kannan and relevant persons

4 The Prosecution adduced evidence from officers of the Central Narcotics
Bureau (“CNB”) who were involved in the surveillance and arrest operation on 2
and 3 June 2016. A Statement of Agreed Facts was also tendered pursuant to s
267(1) of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed) (“CPC”). Most of
the events surrounding the arrests of Kannan and the relevant persons were
undisputed.

5 On 2 June 2016 at about 10.40pm, Staff Sergeant Goh Jun Xian (“SSgt Goh”)
and Senior Staff Sergeant Chien Lik Seong Sunny (“SSSgt Chien”) were
instructed to proceed to Block 261 Punggol Way to locate Arun. They reached
the location at about 10.55pm and spotted a male Indian fitting the profile of
Arun heading towards the direction of Block 256A. Arun was carrying a paper
bag. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Conditioned Statement of Goh Jun Xian (AB Vol 1 at p 349); Conditioned
Statement of Chien Lik Seong Sunny (AB Vol 1 at p 380)

Minutes later, Woman Staff Sergeant Nurshila Binte Abdullah (“W/SSgt
Nurshila”) spotted Arun walking towards the direction of Block 259B. At about
11.10pm, W/SSgt Nurshila saw Arun boarding a dark-coloured vehicle which
travelled toward the direction of Punggol Field. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Conditioned Statement of Nurshila Binte Abdullah (AB Vol 1 at pp 331–332)

At about 11.30pm, the vehicle turned into the car park of Block 330 Yishun
Ring Road. The vehicle exited the car park shortly after and Arun was not seen
in the vehicle. The CNB officers did not follow the vehicle. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Statement of Agreed Facts at p 3, para 9

6 Sometime after 11.30pm, Station Inspector Wong Kah Hung Alwin (“SI Alwin”)
was positioned at level four of Block 328 Yishun Ring Road to observe Block
327 Yishun Ring Road, apartment unit #03-1318 (the “Unit”). On 3 June 2016 at
about 12.15am, SI Alwin saw a male Indian come out of the Unit and walk
towards the direction of Block 329. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Conditioned Statement of Wong Kah Hung Alwin (AB Vol 1 at p 435)

Senior Station Inspector Ng Tze Chiang Tony (“SSI Ng”), who was also tasked to
observe the Unit, reported that the male Indian subject fitted the profile of
Kannan, which was shown to the CNB officers during a briefing conducted
earlier on 2 June 2016. SSI Ng saw Kannan meeting up with two other male
Indian subjects a short while later at the void deck of Block 330. At about
12.20am, SSI Ng saw Kannan and the said two male Indians part ways. The two
male Indians boarded a vehicle with registration number SKA 1607H (“SKA
1607H”) and drove off, whereas Kannan walked back towards Block 327. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Conditioned Statement of Ng Tze Chiang Tony (AB Vol 1 at p 421)

7 SSgt Goh and SSSgt Chien followed SKA 1607H. At about 12.22am, SSSgt Chien
saw the vehicle stop along the roadside near Block 413 Yishun Ring Road. Both
male Indians alighted from the vehicle and walked towards the 7-Eleven store
at Block 413. W/SSgt Nurshila, Senior Station Inspector Ng David and SSgt Goh
arrested the driver of the vehicle outside the 7-Eleven store, while Staff
Sergeant Tay Keng Chye (“SSgt Sunny Tay”) and SSSgt Chien arrested the
passenger inside the 7-Eleven store. The driver was later ascertained to be
Pravin s/o Palanivallu (“Pravin”) and the passenger to be Vinod s/o Pergasan
(“Vinod”). 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Conditioned Statement of Chien Lik Seong Sunny (AB Vol 1 at p 381–382)

8 At about 12.56am, Station Inspector Tay Cher Yeen and Station Inspector Tan
Chee Hwee Jude conducted a search of SKA 1607H in the presence of Pravin and
Vinod. A plastic wrapper with brown scotch tape containing some vegetable
matter (subsequently marked as Exhibit “E1”) was recovered from the side
pocket of the front passenger door. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Statement of Agreed Facts at p 4, para 12

A search was conducted on Pravin and Vinod and nothing incriminating was
found. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Conditioned Statement of Tay Cher Yeen (AB Vol 1 at p 355)

9 Exhibit E1 was subsequently analysed by the Health Sciences Authority
(“HSA”) and found to be one block wrapped with a plastic wrapper and brown
tape containing a mixture which included not less than 54.56g of vegetable
matter which was analysed and found to be cannabis. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Lab No ID-1632-01167-001 (AB Vol 2 at p 1218) – and not less than 52.75g of
fragmented vegetable matter which was analysed and found to contain cannabinol
and tetrahydrocannabinol

10 After parting ways with the two male Indians, Kannan boarded a taxi at
about 12.30am. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Statement of Agreed Facts at pp 4–5, paras 13–14

SSgt Sunny Tay (who joined the other officers near Block 327 after the arrest
of Vinod) 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Conditioned Statement of Tan Keng Chye (AB Vol 1 at p 372)

and Staff Sergeant Au Yong Hong Mian tailed the taxi to Pasir Ris. Kannan was
arrested at about 1.45am at the void deck of Block 759 Pasir Ris Street 71.

11 On 3 June 2016 at about 1.00am, Arun was spotted walking with another male
Indian near the entrance of the car park of Block 330 Yishun Ring Road. The
male Indian was later ascertained to be one Naveen Davarajan (“Naveen”).
Naveen and Arun were arrested subsequently at around 1.40am at the void deck
of Block 245 Yishun Avenue 9. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Statement of Agreed Facts at p 6, para 20

Nothing incriminating was found on Arun. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Statement of Agreed Facts at p 6, para 21

12 At about 2.10am, SSI Ng led a party of CNB officers including SSSgt Chien
to enter the Unit. Senior Staff Sergeant Chew Thye Kwang,Sergeant Muhammad
Hidayat bin Jasni (“Sgt Hidayat”) and SSSgt Chien placed Ashvin, who was in
the bedroom under arrest. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Statement of Agreed Facts at p 6, para 27

At about 2.25am, SSSgt Chien conducted a search of the bedroom in the presence
of Ashvin and recovered, inter alia, the following items: from under the bed,
one clear plastic wrapper (subsequently marked as Exhibit “B1”) and one block
of vegetable matter wrapped in clear plastic (subsequently marked as Exhibit
“B1A”), one empty plastic bag (subsequently marked as Exhibit “B2”) and one
block of vegetable matter (subsequently marked as Exhibit “B2A”); from the
floor in front of the cabinet near the bedroom window, one brown bag
(subsequently marked as Exhibit “C1”), one brown cloth bag (subsequently
marked as exhibit “C2”), one red plastic bag (subsequently marked as exhibit
“C3”), one receipt (subsequently marked as “C3A”), one paper box (subsequently
marked as Exhibit “C4”), one digital weighing scale (subsequently marked as
Exhibit “C4A”), one metal scissors (subsequently marked as Exhibit “C5”) and
one roll of plastic bags (subsequently marked as Exhibit “C6”); from the bed,
one packet of crystalline substance (subsequently marked as exhibit “A1”), and
one improvised bottle (subsequently marked as exhibit “A2”); and from the
bedroom window, one plastic bag containing trash (subsequently marked as
Exhibit “D1”), one plastic wrapper (subsequently marked as Exhibit “D1B”) and
one plastic wrapper (subsequently marked as Exhibit “D1C”). 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Statement of Agreed Facts at pp 7–8, paras 27–28

13 The subject matter of the charge is Exhibits B1A and B2A. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Prosecution’s Opening Address at para 6

Exhibit B1A was analysed by the HSA and was found to be one block containing a
mixture which included not less than 444.4g of vegetable matter which was
analysed and found to be cannabis. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Lab No ID-1632-01163-002 (AB Vol 2 at p 1214) – as well as not less than
510.5g of fragmented vegetable matter which was analysed and found to contain
cannabinol and tetrahydrocannabinol

Exhibit B2A was analysed by the HSA and was found to be one block and some
loose vegetable matter containing a mixture which included not less than
384.6g of vegetable matter which was analysed and found to be cannabis. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Lab No ID-1632-01163-003 (AB Vol 2 at p 1216) – as well as not less than
424.1g of fragmented vegetable matter which was analysed and found to contain
cannabinol and tetrahydrocannabinol

14 The integrity and custody of exhibits seized by the CNB officers were not
challenged by the accused.

The Prosecution’s case

15 The Prosecution’s case was that Kannan had instructed Arun to collect the
drugs (Exhibits B1A and B2A) and to hand them over to Ashvin at the Unit.
Kannan had also instructed Ashvin to safekeep these drugs for him. Kannan
later passed Exhibit E1 to Vinod. Exhibit E1, which was found in Pravin’s car,
had originated from Exhibit B2A, which was the block of cannabis which had
been cut open and found under Ashvin’s bed. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Prosecution’s Closing Submissions (“PCS”) at para 18

The case hinged primarily on the evidence of Ashvin and Arun, and was
supported by communication records, as well as the evidence of Pravin and
Vinod.

Ashvin’s evidence

16 Ashvin testified that he had been close friends with Kannan since primary
school. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

NE (27 August 2020) at p 6 ln 32–33

On 2 June 2016, at about 8.00pm, Kannan asked Ashvin over the phone whether he
could leave some “stuff” at Ashvin’s flat (ie, the Unit). Ashvin understood
“stuff” to mean cannabis. Ashvin disagreed and said that he would call Kannan
later. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

NE (27 August 2020) at p 9 ln 8–17

Kannan subsequently went to the Unit at about 9.00pm to 10.00pm. While in
Ashvin’s room, Kannan asked Ashvin again whether he could help to keep the
“stuff”. Although Ashvin was reluctant to help, he neither agreed nor
disagreed to Kannan’s request. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

NE (27 August 2020) at p 9 ln 22 to p 10 ln 17

He was “almost agreeable” because the “pressure upon [him] was too much”. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

NE (27 August 2020) at p 47 ln 20–27

He testified that it was easy to reject Kannan’s request over the phone, but
when he saw Kannan in person, he felt “obliged” to do him a favour as a
friend. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

NE (27 August 2020) at p 48 ln 12–17

Arun then arrived at the Unit. When Ashvin went to open the gate of the Unit
for Arun, Arun told Ashvin that Kannan had requested that Arun help him
collect drugs, that Kannan was “very persistent” and that he had “no choice”.
In Ashvin’s room, Kannan told Arun not to worry, that it would be a “fast
pickup” and that the drugs only weighed 500g. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

NE (27 August 2020) at p 10 ln 20 to p 11 ln 7

Arun was eventually agreeable to Kannan’s request. Kannan then took Ashvin’s
phone to book a “Grab” car for Arun to collect the drugs.

17 After a while, Kannan and Arun left the Unit. Ashvin then received a phone
call from his friend asking him to meet downstairs. Ashvin took this
opportunity to leave the Unit to avoid having to help Kannan keep the drugs.
He locked the bedroom window and window grilles so that Kannan would not be
able to put the drugs through his window. Ashvin then went downstairs. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

NE (27 August 2020) at p 11 ln 26 to p 12 ln 23

When Kannan subsequently saw Ashvin downstairs, he told Ashvin to wait for
Arun to come back. Ashvin testified that he had “no choice” because Kannan was
already there in person, and that “in person, the pressure was different”. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

NE (27 August 2020) at p 67 ln 16–31

Sometime later, Kannan told Ashvin that Arun was already outside the Unit but
was unable to slide the drugs through the window as the windows were locked.
At this point, Ashvin also received a call from Arun. Ashvin then went up to
the Unit and entered it to unlock the window, before coming out of the Unit.
Ashvin received one brown paper bag from Arun, which he identified as exhibit
C1. The bag contained two blocks of cannabis. He slid one block of cannabis
through the window and placed it on his dressing table, and threw the other
block on the floor. Thereafter, he went downstairs with Arun. Ashvin joined
his friends and Arun left. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

NE (27 August 2020) at p 12 ln 3 to p 14 ln 31

18 While Ashvin was with his friends, Kannan went over to him again and told
him that he needed to go up to the Unit to pack some drugs to pass to his
customers. While Ashvin and Kannan were in the lift on the way up to the Unit,
Ashvin told Kannan that the amount of drugs looked to be more than 500g, to
which Kannan responded, “If I told you all it was more, you all wouldn’t do
it”. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

NE (27 August 2020) at p 15 ln 1–8

Ashvin testified that he felt “cheated” and wanted Kannan to clear all the
drugs from the Unit. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

NE (27 August 2020) at p 62 ln 7–12; p 63 ln 1–8

19 Ashvin then entered the Unit and Kannan passed a red plastic bag which
contained a weighing scale (identified by Ashvin as Exhibit C4A) 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

NE (27 August 2020) at p17 ln 1–4 – Ashvin identified P-68 in the photo
bundle, which contains C4 (the box) and C4A (the weighing scale)

through the window to Ashvin. A few minutes later, Kannan went into Ashvin’s
bedroom and asked for some plastic bags. Ashvin found a roll of plastic bags
in his kitchen (identified by Ashvin as Exhibit C6), 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

NE (27 August 2020) at p 16 ln 27–31

which he passed to Kannan. Ashvin saw Kannan unpacking one block of cannabis
and attempting to break it up. Kannan was sitting on the floor near the leg of
Ashvin’s bed. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

NE (27 August 2020) at p 16 ln 20–22

Kannan told Ashvin that he needed to pack 150g of the drugs for his customers.
Kannan packed the cannabis and taped the package with tape found at Ashvin’s
dressing table. Ashvin identified this package packed by Kannan as Exhibit E1.
35

##### Foot Note 35

×

NE (27 August 2020) at p 16 ln 15–22

20 After Kannan had completed packing Exhibit E1, he told Ashvin that he was
going to pass the package to his customers. Ashvin told him to “clear…all the
stuff and leave from [his] place”. Kannan told Ashvin to give him an hour as
he needed to meet his girlfriend and that he would return to clear the “stuff”
after. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

NE (27 August 2020) at p 15 ln 11 to p 16 ln 10

21 Thereafter, Ashvin remained in the bedroom to smoke “Ice” before Arun
arrived at the Unit with Naveen. Arun asked for some “weed”, which Ashvin took
from the block of cannabis and gave to him. Arun and Naveen then left. Ashvin
remained in the Unit till he was arrested. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

NE (27 August 2020) at p 17 ln 26 to p 18 ln 8

Arun’s evidence

22 Arun and Kannan are distant cousins. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

NE (2 September 2020) at p 5 ln 5

Arun testified that he could not recall what had happened on 2 and 3 June 2016
with regard to his arrest and the circumstances surrounding it. As such, the
Prosecution applied to refresh his memory by showing him one contemporaneous
statement recorded from him under s 22 of the CPC by Woman Sergeant
Meenambikhai Arul on 3 June 2016 at about 2.20am (“Arun’s contemporaneous
statement”). 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

NE (2 September 2020) at p 7 ln 24 to p 8 ln 14

After reading the statement, Arun still maintained that he was unable to
recall any of the details of the events. As such, the Prosecution further
applied to refresh his memory by showing him other statements recorded from
him. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

NE (2 September 2020) at p 9 ln 29 to p 10 ln 24

The statements shown to Arun were:

(a) a long statement recorded under s 22 of the CPC by Senior Station
Inspector Adam Ismail (“SSI Ismail”) on 7 June 2016 at about 8.45am (“Arun’s
first long statement”);

(b) a long statement recorded under s 22 of the CPC by SSI Ismail on 7 June
2016 at about 2.20pm (“Arun’s second long statement”); and

(c) a long statement recorded under s 22 of the CPC by SSI Ismail on 13
October 2016 at about 9.30am (“Arun’s third long statement”).

23 Despite being shown the statements, Arun maintained that he could not
recall the events leading to his arrest on 3 June 2016. The Prosecution
thereafter applied to cross-examine Arun on these statements, as well as a
cautioned statement recorded from Arun under s 23 of the CPC by SSI Ismail on
3 June 2016 (“Arun’s cautioned statement”), which was shown to him in the
course of cross-examination. The Prosecution also applied to admit the four
statements as substantive evidence under s 147(3) of the Evidence Act (Cap 97,
1997 Rev Ed) (“Evidence Act”). I set out the key details in the statements
recorded from Arun below.

24 In Arun’s contemporaneous statement, he stated that Kannan had told him to
collect a brown bag. He was told that there was “weed” inside the bag. With
reference to his “Grab” car history, he stated that he collected the brown bag
from Block 256 Punggol Way. Kannan had directed him over the phone to walk
towards a block near 256 Punggol Way and to collect a bag that was near the
electrical box. Kannan had told him to place the bag in Ashvin’s Unit. Arun
called Ashvin when he reached the Unit and Ashvin came up from the void deck
to take the bag from him.

25 In Arun’s cautioned statement, he stated that Kannan had been pestering him
to collect some “stuff” over the past two weeks. He initially refused but
relented as Kannan was persistent. He then collected the “stuff” beside the
electrical box in an open field beside Block 256 Punggol. The “stuff” was
inside a brown bag and covered by a red plastic bag. Kannan told him to take a
cab and head to the Unit to pass the bag to Ashvin, which he did. Kannan had
instructed Arun what to do over the phone when Arun was collecting the
“stuff”. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

P200

26 Arun’s first long statement was materially similar to his cautioned
statement. He stated that Kannan had been asking him to help to collect
“weed”, which he understood to mean cannabis, for the past two weeks. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

P197 at para 2

Arun eventually agreed to his request. On 2 June 2016, Arun followed Kannan to
the Unit. Arun subsequently left the Unit for Punggol in a “Grab” car that
Ashvin booked with his phone. While on his way to Punggol, Kannan called Arun
and told him that he was to pick up a small bag located at an electrical box
and bring it to the Unit. After Arun had picked up the brown bag, he called a
“Grab” car and proceeded to the Unit.

27 Upon reaching the Unit, Arun called Kannan and told him that no one was
inside the Unit. Kannan informed him that he would call Ashvin and told him to
wait. A short while later, Ashvin came to the Unit and took the bag and
slipped it through the window. They left the Unit thereafter.

28 On 3 June 2016 at about 12.30am, Arun returned to Block 327 Yishun to meet
with Ashvin and Naveen. They went up to the Unit where Ashvin passed some
“weed” wrapped in white paper to Naveen through his bedroom window.

29 In Arun’s second long statement, he identified the brown bag that he
collected “beside the electrical box at Block 256 or 259 [Punggol]”. At the
material time, he saw that there was a red plastic bag in the brown bag but
did not check what was inside. He was anxious and had started to panic when he
collected the bag. Kannan was “on the line pressuring [him] to come back
faster”. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

P198 at para 9

Kannan did not tell him how much “weed” he would be collecting and Arun did
not know whom Kannan got the “weed” from. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

P198 at para 14

30 In Arun’s third long statement, he stated that when he initially refused
Kannan’s request to help him to collect the bag at Punggol, Kannan threatened
to inform the CNB that Arun smoked cannabis. Arun was shown an extract of
‘WhatsApp’ messages from Kannan’s phone, which Arun identified as messages
sent at the time when Kannan told him to collect the “things” for him. In
particular, the message “822261 opposite the big field” sent to him from
Kannan gave the “location that [he was] supposed to go to collect ‘Kannan’s’
things”. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

P199 at para 19

Pravin’s evidence

31 Pravin testified that sometime after 10.00pm on 2 June 2016, Vinod called
Kannan to ask if the cannabis which they had ordered from a him a few days
before was ready for collection. Pravin testified that they had purchased 125g
of cannabis from Kannan, and that they each paid half of the cost of the
cannabis, which was “[$]350 divided by [two] or something like that”, ie, $175
per person. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

NE (26 August 2020) at p 10 ln 16–27

He testified that it was Vinod who had placed the order 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

NE (26 August 2020) at p 9 ln 22–23

and who told him that the order was placed with Kannan. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

NE (26 August 2020) at p 21 ln 29 to p 22 ln 8

32 Later that night, on 3 June 2016, 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

NE (26 August 2020) at p 11 ln 23

Pravin and Vinod met Kannan at a void deck near Block 327 Yishun Ring Road.
Kannan handed the cannabis to Vinod. Pravin testified that he was smoking
while standing about a metre away from Vinod and Kannan, and did not “really
see how that happened”. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

NE (26 August 2020) at p 4 ln 29 to p 5 ln 5

However, even though he did not see Kannan handing Vinod the package of drugs,
he knew that Vinod obtained a package from Kannan because Vinod was holding on
to the package when he returned to the car. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

NE (26 August 2020) at p 7 ln 22–29

Pravin identified the package as Exhibit E1. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

NE (26 August 2020) at p 8 ln 1–6

33 When they returned to the car, Vinod placed the cannabis at the side
compartment of the front passenger door of SKA 1607H. They then drove to a
nearby 7-Eleven store and were arrested there. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Conditioned Statement of Pravin s/o Palanivallu (AB Vol 1 at p 444)

Vinod’s evidence

34 Vinod testified that a few days prior to 2 June 2016, Kannan had called him
to give him a good offer for the purchase of cannabis as he had new stock
coming in. Kannan offered him 125g of cannabis for $350. Pravin and Vinod
later decided to share the cannabis and split the cost. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Conditioned Statement of Vinod s/o Pergasan (AB Vol 1 at p 446); NE (26 August
2020) at p 47 ln 18 to p 48 ln 15

35 On 3 June 2016, Pravin and Vinod met Kannan at one of the blocks in Yishun
to collect the cannabis. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

NE (26 August 2020) at p 51 ln 7–31

Kannan passed him the cannabis in a package wrapped in plastic and tape. When
Vinod was meeting with Kannan, Pravin was about one to two metres away from
him. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

NE (26 August 2020) at p 34 ln 3–4

When Vinod returned to the car, he placed the cannabis into the side
compartment of the front passenger door. Vinod identified Exhibit E1 as the
cannabis which he purchased from Kannan. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

NE (26 August 2020) at p 32 ln 14–16

Pravin then drove himself and Vinod to a nearby 7-Eleven store where they were
subsequently arrested by the CNB. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Conditioned Statement of Vinod s/o Pergasan (AB Vol 1 at p 446)

Close of the Prosecution’s case

36 At the close of the Prosecution’s case, the Defence made no submission. I
was satisfied that a prima facie case had been established to warrant calling
the defence. After I administered the standard allocution, Kannan elected to
give evidence in Tamil. He was one of three Defence witnesses, the other two
being Suresh s/o Krishnan (“Oscar”) 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

NE (16 September 2020) at p 45 ln 18–21

and Wong Wui Leong (“Wong”). Wong was only called after the Defence’s case had
initially closed (see [52] below).

The Defence

37 Kannan’s primary defence was that he had been framed by Arun, Ashvin,
Pravin and Vinod. In relation to Exhibits B1A and B2A, he denied having gone
to Ashvin’s bedroom on 2 June 2016 between 9.00 to 10.00pm. He also denied
having instructed Arun to collect the drugs and to deliver them to Ashvin. In
relation to Exhibit E1, he claimed that he had only met Vinod to pass him his
gambling winnings 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Defence’s Closing Submissions (“DCS”) at para 6

and that it was Ashvin who packed 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

DCS at para 71

and passed Exhibit E1 to Vinod. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

DCS at para 89

Kannan’s evidence

38 Kannan testified that on 2 June 2016, his girlfriend had dropped him off
with her rental car at his home at about 10.00pm. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

NE (16 September 2020) at p 13 ln 22 to p 14 ln 3

Kannan’s residential address was Block 329 Yishun Ring Road #06-1418, 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

NE (16 September 2020) at p 4 ln 11–13

which was situated near the Unit.

39 Kannan testified that at about 10.09pm, he received a message with a postal
code sent from one Dilip. Dilip also called and asked him where he, Ashvin and
Arun were. Kannan told Dilip that Ashvin and Arun would be at the “pondok”,
which Kannan described as a “small shelter with chairs and table”, or a “hut”.
65

##### Foot Note 65

×

NE (16 September 2020) at p 4 ln 29–32

Kannan further told Dilip that he was also reaching the “pondok” soon and
would pass his phone to them so that Dilip could communicate with them. Dilip
then told Kannan to send the postal code to Arun. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

NE (16 September 2020) at p 14 ln 16 to p 15 ln 13

40 When he reached his block, he saw Ashvin, Arun and some other friends at
the said “pondok”. Kannan told Ashvin and Arun that Dilip had called and
wanted to speak to them. He then passed his phone to Ashvin and Arun, who
called Dilip using Kannan’s phone. After using the phone, they left it on the
table at the “pondok”. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

NE (16 September 2020) at p 15 ln 23–27

Thereafter, Arun left. Kannan then lent his phone to Ashvin again as the
latter asked for it, before going upstairs to his own flat. When he returned
downstairs after about 15 minutes, he saw that Ashvin was standing outside the
“pondok” speaking on the phone. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

NE (16 September 2020) at p 16 ln 4 to p 17 ln 20

41 Thereafter, Vinod called Kannan saying that he was coming over to the
shelter of a block, which was a separate location from the “pondok”, so that
Kannan could give him his gambling winnings of $100. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

NE (16 September 2020) at p 18 ln 11 to p 19 ln 9

Arun then called Kannan and asked the latter to pass the phone to Ashvin, as
he had tried to call Ashvin but the call did not go through. Ashvin then said
he was going up to the Unit to smoke “ice”. Kannan passed his phone to Ashvin
and told Ashvin to charge his phone for him as its battery was running low. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

NE (16 September 2020) at p 19 ln 12–27

42 Arun then came and said that he was going for a party and that he would
return thereafter. About 10 to 15 minutes after Arun left, Kannan went up to
the Unit as Ashvin had been “missing for a long time”. According to Kannan, he
went up sometime near midnight. He went into the Unit and knocked on the door
of Ashvin's bedroom. When Ashvin opened the door, he was holding onto the
“instrument” used for consuming “ice” in his hand, and he looked panicky. He
appeared to be “hyper” and was perspiring. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

NE (16 September 2020) at p 19 ln 30 to p 21 ln 13

43 Kannan saw his phone at the corner of Ashvin’s bed. As he was taking his
phone, he “bumped” into a block on the floor. He then asked Ashvin, “You are
still doing this?”, to which Ashvin responded by giggling and saying that it
was just for casual smoking. Kannan testified that he shook his head and moved
the block to the side as it was in his path. Kannan told Ashvin that he was
going downstairs first to pass money to Vinod, and Ashvin said that he would
go down to see Vinod later. Kannan was in Ashvin’s bedroom for about 5 to 10
minutes.

Alleged false implication by Vinod

44 Kannan testified that he met Vinod at a shelter, where he gave Vinod his
gambling winnings of $100, but Vinod only took $50 and told him to transfer
the balance $50 to an account. Pravin was also present near the car. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

NE (16 September 2020) at p 21 ln 28 to p 23 ln 24

Kannan further testified that Vinod did not order any cannabis from him and
denied handing Exhibit E1 to Vinod. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

NE (16 September 2020) at p 25 ln 8–20

He alleged that Vinod was implicating him because of Vinod’s friendship with
Ashvin. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

NE (16 September 2020) at p 26 ln 10–21

Alleged false implication by Ashvin and Arun

45 Kannan denied having gone to Ashvin’s Unit between 9.00 to 10.00pm or
asking Ashvin to help to keep drugs for him. He testified that he believed
that Ashvin had chosen to implicate him instead of “[telling] the truth that
it was Arun who gave [the drugs to him]”. He stated that Ashvin and Arun
consumed cannabis together and would “tend to protect their own community”.
Since Kannan was under urine supervision by the CNB, it would be “convenient
for [Ashvin] to shift the blame” to Kannan. Kannan was also the last to leave
Ashvin’s Unit and he had seen the block of cannabis when he went up to the
Unit to take his phone. Ashvin and Arun had also used his phone to make calls
to Malaysia to contact Dilip. Ashvin had also consumed “ice” and might
therefore have become “paranoid” and “overstretch[ed] [his] thinking”. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

NE (16 September 2020) at p 35 ln 31 to p 36 ln 27

46 Kannan also denied having directed Arun to an electrical box near Punggol
field to collect a bag, or that he had directed Arun to pass the bag to
Ashvin. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

NE (16 September 2020) at p 39 ln 31–32; p 40 ln 26 to p 41 ln 8

The message containing the postal code “822261” sent from Kannan’s phone to
Arun was forwarded from Dilip, who told Kannan to send the message to Arun. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

NE (16 September 2020) at p 42 ln 7–9; p 43 ln 21–24

Most of his calls made and messages sent between him and Arun on 31 May, 1, 2
and 3 June 2016 exhibited in the prosecution’s summary table of
telecommunication records were in relation to the collection of gambling money
from Oscar. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

NE (16 September 2020) at p 45 ln 18–21

He ventured various reasons as to why Arun would implicate him, including his
belief that Arun and Ashvin belonged to one “team” and one “community” who
consumed cannabis. He stated that Ashvin and Arun had a close relationship,
whereas he was not close to Arun. He testified as follows: 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

NE (16 September 2020) at p 49 ln 3–12

What I think is before I---what I feel is that before I entered into their
lives, they were very happy consuming cannabis. Arun has also sold cannabis.
And they are using my phone to talk to Dilip. They are one community. We can
say that they are one team. Except for the team itself, who else knows that
they are having this cannabis? That’s what I can think of, I can’t think of
anything else. Even the phone calls, they have used my phone to make calls to
Malaysia. And when CNB was arresting Arun, they had shown my photo to Arun,
they had shown both my photo and Ashvin’s photo to Arun. In the
contemporaneous statement, Arun had used the word “they”, so who is he
referring to? And after that, he had said that he’s referring to one cousin
Kanna. This is what I feel, but I myself did not understand.

47 He further testified that Ashvin and Arun had “joined together” and “teamed
up”, stating: 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

NE (16 September 2020) at p 49 ln 19–32

I know that both of them consumed cannabis, but I do not know if they sell
cannabis. That has got nothing to do with me. It’s only after I saw the thing
in Ashvin’s room that I felt one kind. I think that both of them, Ashvin and
Arun, are up to something, they are doing something. They have cannabis to
consume every day, where are they getting it from? That’s what I myself do not
understand. This is a death penalty case. Both of them are always consuming
cannabis and the journey is a very smooth journey. And I am not sure if they
got arrested because of my phone, because they used my phone. I can’t think of
anything else, I do not know. Both of them have joined together, both of them
have teamed up.

48 When asked by his counsel Mr Ram Goswami (“Mr Goswami”) to elaborate as to
what he meant by Ashvin and Arun having “teamed up”, Kannan testified that
although he was scared when he was shown the “notice saying that if you
cooperate, you can be spared the death penalty”, he told the CNB officers the
truth. However, Ashvin and Arun had lied in their statements to the CNB. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

NE (16 September 2020) at p 50 ln 11–29

As to why Ashvin and Arun would “team up” against him, Kannan testified that
they had done so “[f]or their lives to be spared [and to] escape the gallows”,
which was “why they [had] already been sentenced” and did not even go for
trial. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

NE (16 September 2020) at p 51 ln 24–26

49 Kannan testified that when he was brought to the CNB Headquarters after his
arrest, he saw Arun, Ashvin, Pravin and Vinod in the room where he was taken
to give his urine specimen. He testified that he did not hear them talk but
saw them signalling to each other. However, he also testified that he asked
Ashvin and Arun why his name was being mentioned, to which they shrugged their
shoulders in response. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

NE (16 September 2020) at p 52 ln 19–29

50 Further, Kannan testified that a “Chinese guy” (later identified by the
Prosecution as Wong), who was in the same cell as Kannan at the Police
Cantonment Complex (“PCC”), had been brought for drug withdrawal assessment
and back in the same van as Ashvin and Arun. This Chinese male told Kannan
that Arun and Ashvin were talking to each other and that they had conspired to
frame him. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

NE (16 September 2020) at p 53 ln 10–20; NE (17 September 2020) at p 36 ln 18
to p 37 ln 22

Finally, Kannan claimed that after Vinod had given his testimony in court on
26 August 2020, Vinod and Pravin had told Ashvin and Arun about what they had
testified in court in the lock-up. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

NE (16 September 2020) at p 57 ln 26 to p 58 ln 12

Oscar’s evidence

51 The Defence called Oscar as the second Defence witness. Oscar testified
that he placed bets with Kannan, and that Arun had collected money from him on
behalf of Kannan. He testified that he owed Kannan about $2000 at the time for
“betting money” before Kannan was arrested. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

NE (18 September 2020) at p 22 ln 22–27; p 23 ln 15 to p 24 ln 8

Wong’s evidence

52 Following from Kannan’s evidence that one Chinese male had told him that he
heard Ashvin and Arun conspire to falsely implicate him, further
investigations were conducted by the CNB after the Defence case was closed.
Wong’s identity was ascertained based on CNB’s records showing that he had
shared the same van as Ashvin and Arun on the way to the Changi Medical
Complex (“CMC”) and was placed in the same cell as Kannan at the PCC. A
written statement was recorded from Wong and disclosed to the Defence. The
Prosecution then sought an urgent hearing date to hear an application under s
283(1) of the CPC as to whether Wong should be summoned as a witness. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

Prosecution’s Submissions dated 6 November 2020 at paras 4–8

The Prosecution’s position was that it was not obliged to call Wong as a
witness. During the case conference before me on 9 November 2020, Mr Goswami
indicated that he intended to call Wong as a Defence witness but would only
file the summons for Wong’s attendance after having interviewed Wong. After
this interview, the Defence confirmed their position that they would call Wong
as a Defence witness.

53 Wong testified that he was in the same van as two Indian males on the way
to the CMC. During the ride, he heard them say that they wanted to “push the
blame to someone” and “push everything to…[someone]”. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

NE (23 November 2020) at p 4 ln 29 to p 5 ln 27

Wong was later placed in the same cell as Kannan at the PCC. When they were
discussing their cases, Wong thought that Kannan’s case sounded similar to the
case that the two Indian males were speaking about in the van. Wong testified
that he did not know who the two males were referring to when they said that
they wanted to “push everything to him”, but assumed that “him” referred to
Kannan since they were apparently speaking about the same case as Kannan. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

NE (23 November 2020) at p 7 ln 10–32

My decision

Elements of the charge

54 Kannan was charged with abetment by entering into a conspiracy with Arun
and Ashvin for Arun to traffic 829g of cannabis to Ashvin by instructing Arun
to deliver the drugs to Ashvin at the Unit on 2 June 2016 at about 9.00pm. The
Prosecution would need to show that Kannan (a) had engaged in a conspiracy for
Arun to deliver the drugs to Ashvin, and (b) that an act was committed in
pursuance of the aforementioned conspiracy, ie, that Kannan had instructed
Arun to deliver the drugs (Public Prosecutor v Tangaraju s/o Suppiah [2018]
SGHC 279 at [49]).

55 The mens rea for abetment by conspiracy is that the abettor must have (a)
intended to be party to an agreement to do an unlawful act; and (b) known the
general purpose of the common design, and the fact that the act agreed to be
committed is unlawful (Ali bin Mohamad Bahashwan v Public Prosecutor and other
appeals [2018] 1 SLR 610 (“Bahashwan”) at [34]). As such, the Prosecution
would need to show that Kannan intended an unlawful act to take place pursuant
to the conspiracy between him, Ashvin and Arun, that unlawful act being Arun’s
trafficking of drugs to Ashvin. Further, the Prosecution would have to show
that Kannan knew the nature of the intended drugs to be trafficked pursuant to
that conspiracy (Public Prosecutor v Chandroo Subramaniam and others [2020]
SGHC 206 at [40]).

56 An additional mens rea requirement would be applicable in this case, since
the Prosecution’s case was that Kannan was the eventual intended recipient of
the drugs which he had instructed Arun to traffic to Ashvin. As stated by the
Court of Appeal in Bahashwan at [76], if there is evidence that the accused
was the intended recipient of the drugs which form the subject matter of the
charge, then the Prosecution has the burden to prove beyond reasonable doubt
that he intended to traffic in the offending drugs.

57 The Prosecution submitted that if the court accepts the evidence of Ashvin
and Arun, all the elements of the charge would be established as their
evidence showed that (a) Ashvin, Arun and Kannan entered into an agreement to
traffic in cannabis; (b) Kannan had actual knowledge in respect of the nature
of the drugs; (c) Kannan intended to traffic in the drugs by selling them to
his customers; and (d) Kannan acted in pursuance of the conspiracy, by issuing
instructions to Ashvin and Arun in relation to the collection and safekeeping
of the drugs, which were complied with. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

PCS at para 44

58 The Defence submitted in turn that there was insufficient evidence of a
conspiracy as Ashvin did not testify to having an agreement with Arun that
Arun would collect the cannabis and traffic it to Ashvin. Ashvin also did not
have any agreement with Kannan that Arun would collect the cannabis and pass
it to Ashvin. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

DCS at paras 214–215

Ashvin and Arun were “accomplices in their own conspiracy” to traffic in the
two blocks of cannabis and had framed Kannan in respect of the drugs. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

DCS at para 23

Ashvin’s evidence

59 I agreed with the Prosecution’s submission that Ashvin was a credible
witness. I accorded full weight to his evidence which withstood intense cross-
examination.

60 The Defence pointed to various alleged illogical aspects and
inconsistencies in Ashvin’s evidence. First, the Defence pointed to Ashvin’s
contemporaneous statement taken under s 22 of the CPC on 3 June 2016, wherein
he stated that Kannan (instead of Arun) had passed the drugs to him, 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

D1 at question and answer 8

which contradicted his evidence in court. Ashvin had however explained in re-
examination that when this answer was recorded in his contemporaneous
statement, he was in fact “thinking about Arun”, and that he had clarified
this in his further statements to the CNB. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

NE (27 August 2020) at p 104 ln 15–20

I accepted that this was a genuine mistake which Ashvin had clarified and that
the core of his evidence remained consistent overall. Ashvin’s evidence was
also corroborated by Arun’s statements.

61 It was strenuously argued by the Defence that Ashvin’s contemporaneous
statement contained lies and was inconsistent with his testimony in court.
Arun’s photograph was not part of the photograph board shown to Ashvin during
the taking of his contemporaneous statement, whereas Kannan’s photograph was
part of it. This fortified Ashvin’s plan to implicate Kannan. Ashvin’s
response to question eight in his contemporaneous statement was also
inconsistent with his testimony in court, which showed that he had lied to
conceal Arun’s involvement in his attempt to implicate Kannan.

62 The relevant portions of Ashvin’s contemporaneous statement are reproduced
below:

Q2. To whom does the weed belongs [sic] to?

A2. It belongs to ‘YKB’.

Q3. Who is ‘YKB’?

A3. My friend.

Q4. Can you point to me who is ‘YKB’? (Subject was shown a photo album of male
Indians.)

A4. YKB is number 8. (Recorder’s note: Number 8 in the photo album is one
Kannan S/O R Kumaran…)

…

Q8. How did he pass the weed to you?

A8. I met him at level 3 of my blk at the staircase. We then walk together to
the window of my bedroom. He then open the paper bag and I took out one block
and put it through my window. The other block I put it through together with
the paper bag.

63 Second, the Defence also highlighted inconsistencies between Ashvin’s long
statement taken under s 22 of the CPC on 8 June 2016 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

D2

and his testimony in court. In my assessment, the inconsistencies in Ashvin’s
long statement were immaterial and did not detract from the core of his
evidence. The alleged inconsistencies are as follows: 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

DCS at pp 76–80

(a) First, in his long statement, he stated that “[o]n 2.6.2016 at about
5.30pm, “YKB” (ie, Kannan) called me on my handphone…and he told me that he
might be getting some “Stuff”, which I understood to be “Weed”, and whether he
can put it at my place”. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

D2 at para 7

However, he testified that he had received a call from Kannan at about 8.00pm
and returned the call thereafter. Ashvin sought to explain that there was a
“typo error” on the long statement and that it should state “8.30”. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

NE (27 August 2020) at p 91 ln 30 to p 92 ln 1

(b) Second, in his long statement, he stated that “[w]hile [he] was
downstairs, ‘YKB’ called [him] at about 11 plus, telling [him] that ‘Arun’
reached already”. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

D2 at para 7

However, there was no record of a phone call from Kannan to Ashvin at that
time. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

AM1 at p 10

Ashvin explained that when he gave his statement, he was “confused [as to]
whether [Kannan had] called [him] or [if] he came towards [him] and spoke to
[him] in person”. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

NE (27 August 2020) at p 93 ln 15–30

(c) Third, in his long statement, he stated that “[a]t about 12 plus am on
3.6.2016, “YKB” called [him] and told [him] that he needed to go up and take
the stuff to pass to his customers”. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

D2 at para 7

However, there was also no record of a phone call from Kannan to Ashvin at
that time. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

AM1 at p 10

Ashvin explained that similarly, he was confused as to whether Kannan had
called him or approached him in person, but “this conversation did happen”.
Ashvin testified that his testimony in court was the accurate version of
events and that he was “clear with [his] mind now”. According to Ashvin, “only
the calling part should be false…the rest is the truth”. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

NE (27 August 2020) at p 94 ln 16 to p 95 ln 7

(d) Fourth, Ashvin had allegedly stated in his long statement that Kannan
handed him a red plastic bag containing a weighing scale while in Ashvin’s
room. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

D2 at para 8

However, Ashvin had testified that Kannan had passed the weighing scale to
Ashvin through the window.

64 The Defence submitted that Kannan did not ask Ashvin to keep the drugs in
his Unit. The Defence further submitted that Ashvin would not have put his
life or job at risk merely to do Kannan a favour, and his claim that he felt
pressured or obligated to help Kannan out was improbable. In fact, Ashvin and
Arun had sought to keep the said drugs in the Unit as part of their private
stash for daily smoking, as they were cannabis consumers. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

DCS at paras 135–139

It was further asserted that Ashvin was the one who sold Exhibit E1 to Vinod
and Pravin.

65 Ashvin’s evidence was not perfectly consistent or flawless. Nonetheless, I
concurred with the Prosecution that the various inconsistencies raised by the
Defence were inconsequential and did not affect the crux of Ashvin’s evidence.
They involved relatively minor details (eg, whether communications were made
in person or by a telephone call). In relation to how the weighing scale was
handed to Ashvin, the Prosecution had also clarified that Ashvin’s statement
was merely silent as to whether the weighing scale had been passed to Ashvin
through the window, and was not in fact contradictory to his testimony in
court. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

NE (27 August 2020) at p 95 ln 22 to p 96 ln 8; D2 at para 8

At its core, the substantive evidence Ashvin gave was coherent and complete in
pointing to Kannan’s role as the mastermind in the entire scheme.

66 Ashvin had mistakenly referred to Kannan in his answer to question 8 of his
contemporaneous statement. He had explained that this was a genuine oversight
on his part. He had in any case clarified the version of events in his long
statement in due course. His oral testimony remained consistent with what he
had stated in his long statement. If he had genuinely wanted to fabricate
evidence to incriminate Kannan, he would not have given a different version of
events in his subsequent long statement. I shall elaborate in due course on
the reasons why I found that Ashvin had no reason to falsely implicate Kannan.

67 As for the Defence’s submission that Arun’s photograph was not part of the
photograph board, and that Ashvin had been prompted by having seen Kannan’s
photograph instead, hence fortifying his plan to implicate Kannan, this
argument was illogical and without merit. While giving his contemporaneous
statement, Ashvin had already identified ‘YKB’ (ie, Kannan) 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

It is noted that Ashvin in his long statement (D2) continued to refer to
Kannan as “YKB”. Arun in his second long statement at para 11 also saved
Kannan’s contact as “YKB” in his phone records, stating that “YKB” means
“Yishun Kanna Boy”.

as the person to whom the weed belonged in response to question two. In
sequential terms, this took place before the photo board which contained
Kannan’s photograph was even shown to him.

68 Both Ashvin and Arun gave evidence suggesting that Kannan had a forceful
and assertive personality; he was not someone they could easily say “no” to.
When Kannan insisted, Ashvin felt a sense of “helplessness” and felt that he
was left with no choice but to agree to help Kannan. This was consistent with
my observations of Kannan’s conduct and presentation in the courtroom. He was
self-consciously relaxed while seated in the dock. He was loquacious and
animated while on the witness stand, and uninhibited in his attempts to
communicate with counsel in the midst of the proceedings. He exuded smugness
and brashness. It was thus not at all surprising to hear Ashvin’s evidence
that he felt pressured and obligated to accede to Kannan’s request for
assistance when he saw Kannan in person (see [16] and [17] above). 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

NE (27 August 2020) at p 65 ln 9–10; p 67 ln 18–27

69 The fact that Ashvin had agreed to assist Kannan despite being reluctant
initially accorded with Ashvin’s evidence of what transpired: Ashvin left the
Unit to try to distance himself from helping Kannan to keep the drugs; he
locked the windows and window grilles so that Kannan would not be able to put
the drugs through his window; he protested (albeit weakly) about the weight of
the drugs being more than 500g while with Kannan in the lift; and he also told
Kannan to take all the drugs with him when he left.

70 Kannan was unable to assert that Ashvin and Arun were conspiring to traffic
in the drugs, as he simply had no basis to make any such claims. In any event,
Kannan’s contention that the drugs were Ashvin and Arun’s private stash meant
for their private consumption was unbelievable. It was highly implausible that
such a large quantity of drugs would be for their personal consumption.

71 The Defence also submitted that the results of the HSA analysis of the
exhibits implicated Ashvin instead of Kannan. The DNA profile on four strands
of hair found on the brown packaging tape attached to the packaging of Exhibit
E1 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

AB Vol 1 at p 216

(Exhibit “E1(Packaging)-P1”) matched the DNA profile of Ashvin. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

AB Vol 1 at p 212; Statement of Agreed Facts at para 57

Based on this DNA analysis result, the Defence submitted that it could be
strongly inferred that Ashvin had packed Exhibit E1. It was also submitted
that SSI Ismail, who was also the Investigation Officer, had erred in not
sending the tape and only the strands of hair for analysis. Further, Ashvin’s
DNA was also purportedly found on Exhibits B1, D1B and D1C. Ashvin had however
testified that he threw Exhibits D1B and D1C, which were the “remaining of the
plastic”, into the trash bag after Kannan had cut open one block of cannabis.
112

##### Foot Note 112

×

NE (27 August 2020) at p 58 ln 19 to p 59 ln 6

The Defence submitted that an inference could again be drawn that Ashvin had
unwrapped one block of drugs and thrown the wrappers into his trash bag.
Kannan’s DNA was also not found on any of these exhibits. He asserted that he
had sweaty palms and that therefore more of his DNA would have been left on
the exhibits if he had in fact touched them. The Defence submitted that the
results of the DNA analysis collectively showed that Ashvin was dealing with
the drugs “as if they were his own”, undermining his claim that they belonged
to Kannan. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

DCS at para 81

72 With respect, the Defence had drawn incorrect inferences from its reading
of the HSA results. Ashvin’s hair was detected on Exhibit E1 but this was
hardly a surprising or revelatory discovery. I have accepted Ashvin’s evidence
that Exhibit E1 was packed by Kannan in Ashvin’s bedroom. Kannan had obviously
taken precautions to avoid detection while packing the drugs, such as by using
tape taken from the Unit. Ashvin had also testified that he had picked up D1B
and D1C to dispose of them and this would readily explain why his DNA was
found on them. Just because Kannan’s DNA was not detected did not mean that he
did not physically handle the exhibits, and whether any trace of an
individual’s DNA could be detected would depend on various factors including
the individual’s shedder status. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

NE (25 August 2020) at p 34

As for Kannan’s assertion that his sweaty palms would have resulted in a
greater likelihood of DNA detection, this was entirely speculative. No
scientific evidence was adduced by the Defence in support. Mr Goswami had
attempted to cross-examine Ms Wong Hang Yee, a forensic scientist from the
HSA, on this point. Ms Wong’s response was that a person might transfer or
leave behind more DNA on an object “if the person is a high shedder and he has
sweaty palms”. There was however no evidence that having sweaty palms alone
would lead to a greater likelihood of DNA detection. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

NE (25 August 2020) at p 37 ln 31 to p 38 ln 3

For completeness, Ashvin’s DNA was not found on Exhibit B1. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

AB Vol 1 at p 206

73 SSI Ismail did not send the tape used to wrap Exhibit E1 for HSA analysis.
He testified that this was because DNA from Ashvin’s hair would have already
contaminated the tape. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

NE (3 September 2020) at p 52 ln 1–16

In any event, this did not cause added prejudice to the Defence. Even if
Ashvin’s DNA was found on the tape, this would not further strengthen the
Defence’s case (or conversely, weaken the Prosecution’s case), given that
Exhibit E1 was packed in Ashvin’s bedroom and the tape was taken from Ashvin’s
Unit.

74 Fundamentally, Ashvin’s evidence was largely consistent when viewed in
totality. Ashvin came across as a forthright and candid witness, whose
evidence was not shaken in cross-examination. He provided a detailed and
consistent account of what had transpired on 2 and 3 June 2016 and offered
clarifications and explanations based on what he could recall. I found no hint
of evasiveness or ambivalence. There were no attempts to embellish his
evidence or plaster over lapses or gaps. I was fully satisfied that he was a
credible witness. I noted also that his evidence was corroborated by Arun’s
statements.

75 I shall explain in due course why I found no reason for Ashvin, Arun, Vinod
and Pravin to falsely incriminate Kannan.

Arun’s evidence

76 Turning to Arun’s evidence, I accepted the Prosecution’s submission that
Arun’s testimony should be constituted by the collective contents of his
statements to the CNB which were admitted as substantive evidence pursuant to
s 147(3) of the Evidence Act. Arun’s statements and Ashvin’s evidence were
consistent on the key issues, namely, that a meeting had occurred at the Unit
on 2 June 2016 where Kannan had, in Ashvin’s presence, instructed Arun to
collect the drugs, and that Arun returned to the Unit after collecting the
drugs and passed them to Ashvin, who stored them in the Unit. Moreover, Arun’s
statements should be given due weight as they were given voluntarily, recorded
close in time to the alleged incident and were cogent and coherent.

77 Arun made no effort to conceal his unwillingness to testify in court for
both the Prosecution and the Defence. His repeated claims in court that he
could not remember what had happened on the day of the alleged incident were
indications that he was unwilling to tell the truth in court. Having regard to
s 147(6) Evidence Act, it was precisely because he was an uncooperative
witness in court that recourse to his statements was necessary, and
appropriate weight could be attached to the statements he had given to the
CNB.

78 Arun insisted that he did not remember any details about the events of 2
and 3 June 2016. I found that he did so either out of fear or reluctance to
implicate Kannan in open court, as Kannan was a distant cousin. There is no
reason why the veracity of his CNB statements would be impugned due to his
reticence in court, which was likely to have stemmed from his desire to adopt
a neutral stance vis-à-vis Kannan.

79 The settled law is that even where a witness is found to have lied on a
matter, it does not necessarily affect his credibility as a whole. A court is
competent to accept one part of the witness’ testimony and reject another (see
Ng Kwee Leong v Public Prosecutor [1998] 3 SLR(R) 281 at [15]). Arun had
testified that he had lied in his statement about Ashvin supplying cannabis to
one “Babu” because his own cannabis supplier “was still outside at that point
in time” and he did not want to implicate his supplier. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

NE (2 September 2020) at p 63 ln 11–26; p 79 ln 20–23

This was a credible and believable reason.

80 The Defence further submitted that Arun had made calls to Dilip using
Kannan’s handphone and that Arun had collected the drugs on Ashvin’s
instructions from the location given by Dilip in the postal code. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

DCS at para 23

Arun had admitted that his phone did not have an auto-roaming function and
therefore he could not call Dilip who was in Malaysia. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

NE (2 September 2020) at p 47 ln 29 to p 48 ln 8

Arun was allegedly also “deeply involved in consuming and in sourcing for
cannabis” and would have been involved in sourcing the drugs which were the
subject matter of the present charge. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

DCS at para 34

81 Regarding Arun’s purported admission that he could not call Dilip, the
Defence had mischaracterised this point. This was not an admission that he had
used Kannan’s phone to call or otherwise contact Dilip, but that he believed
that his phone, which did not have an auto-roaming function, could not be used
to contact Dilip who was in Malaysia. It was undisputed that Arun was a drug
consumer, had helped “Babu” to obtain drugs and had drug suppliers. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

NE (2 September 2020) at p 43 ln 30 to p 44 ln 3

But all these did not mean that he was the source of the drugs that were the
subject matter of the present charge.

Pravin and Vinod’s evidence

82 The Prosecution submitted that Kannan’s intention to traffic in the drugs
could be inferred from the sheer quantity of drugs involved, as well as Pravin
and Vinod’s evidence that Exhibit E1 was sold to them. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

PCS at paras 101–103

83 The Defence submitted that there were material inconsistencies in Vinod’s
testimony. First, Vinod had initially stated in his conditioned statement that
he had “transferred a sum of $350 to ‘Kanna’s’ bank account”. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

AB Vol 1 at p 446 para 3

He later testified that he “[could not] remember exactly whether [he] passed
Pravin $175, because he made the transfer or whether [Pravin] passed [him]
$175 [and he] made the transfer, it was either or”. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

NE (26 August 2020) at p 48 ln 17–19

He also testified that he “[did not] know whether that was Kannan’s bank
account in particular…[i]t was an account number given by him”. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

NE (26 August 2020) at p 50 ln 12–13

84 Second, Vinod allegedly changed his testimony multiple times in relation to
where Kannan took Exhibit E1 out from before allegedly passing it to him. It
was also incredible that Pravin, who was only standing a metre away, would not
have seen Kannan pass Exhibit E1 to Vinod.

85 Despite the Defence’s contentions, in my view, Pravin and Vinod were
consistent on the key elements regarding Vinod having obtained cannabis from
Kannan on 3 June 2016. Pravin could not confirm whom Vinod had ordered Exhibit
E1 from, 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

NE (26 August 2020) at p 21 ln 31 to p 22 ln 5

but was certain that they met Kannan on 3 June 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

NE (26 August 2020) at p 11 ln 23

and that Vinod had returned to the car with Exhibit E1. Vinod testified that
Ashvin was not his dealer and that he had never bought cannabis from Ashvin.
129

##### Foot Note 129

×

NE (26 August 2020) at p 41 ln 2–3

He also testified that he did not meet Ashvin that day, but only saw Ashvin at
the CNB Headquarters after they were arrested. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

NE (26 August 2020) at p 54 ln 27–30

86 The alleged inconsistencies in relation to how the $350 was paid to Kannan
were immaterial. Vinod testified that he was the one who transferred the
moneys, but he could not remember the precise details of the account transfer.
Nevertheless, he was sure that the $350 was transferred to an account given by
Kannan. 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

NE (26 August 2020) at p 50 ln 25–27

Vinod’s evidence that he could no longer remember how the $350 was transferred
to Kannan was believable and it also made sense that he did not know whether
the account given to him necessarily belonged to Kannan.

87 There were some gaps in Vinod’s recollection in relation to how Exhibit E1
was passed to him. Vinod acknowledged that while he was certain that Kannan
was “definitely not carrying [Exhibit E1] in his hand and walking around”, he
did not remember where exactly Kannan took the drugs out from. However, Vinod
was clear in his recollection that Kannan had passed Exhibit E1 to him. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

NE (26 August 2020) at p 52 ln 21 to 53 ln 31

Pravin had also testified clearly that Vinod returned to the car (SKA 1607H)
with Exhibit E1.

88 The Defence further submitted that it was Ashvin who delivered Exhibit E1
to Vinod and not Kannan. Kannan did meet Vinod but the meeting was for the
purpose of passing him $100 which was his gambling winnings. Further, Vinod
and Pravin drove off after meeting Kannan at about 12.20am, 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

Conditioned Statement of Ng Tze Chiang Tony (AB Vol 1 at p 421)

and were arrested at about 12.22am on 3 June 2016. However, they could not
possibly have taken only two minutes to travel from Block 330 Yishun Ring Road
to the 7-Eleven store where they were arrested. According to the Defence,
Vinod was also on the phone at 12.25am. 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

AB Vol 1 at p 325; NE (26 August 2020) at p 37 ln 21 to p 38 ln 19 (in respect
of 83106518 as Vinod’s number)

The Defence therefore submitted that the arrest could not have taken place at
12.22am and there was time for Ashvin to meet Vinod after Kannan and Vinod had
parted ways, and that it was Ashvin who had passed Exhibit E1 to Vinod. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

DCS at para 84

89 I was of the view that Kannan’s claim to have met Vinod only to pass him
his gambling winnings was not credible. It was after all undisputed that only
$13 was found on Vinod. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

NE (26 August 2020) at p 66 ln 5–8; p 71 ln 7–14

. Kannan’s claim was an afterthought which was crafted to bolster his defence
that his only involvement revolved around illegal soccer betting. I shall
address the mobile phone communication records more fully at [122] – [136]
below.

90 With regard to the issue of timing, it was reasonable to expect that some
slight discrepancies in timing could have arisen. This was hardly a situation
where events had allegedly occurred hours or days apart. Vinod and Pravin
would have left Block 330 and would have been arrested at the 7-Eleven store
around the stated times but the precise timings could have been recorded
inaccurately. It bears noting that SSSgt Chien had testified that the distance
between the blocks was only around 1km. SSSgt Chien (who was trailing SKA
1607H on a motorcycle as the rider 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

NE (25 August 2020) at p 12 ln 26

) 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

NE (25 August 2020) at p 9 ln 4–6; p 12 ln 11–17 (SSSgt Chien testified that
it was possible to travel the 1 km distance within approximately 2 minutes)

as well as Pravin 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

NE (26 August 2020) at p 14 ln 5 to p 15 ln 26

and Vinod 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

NE (26 August 2020) at p 57 ln 21 to p 58 ln 17

all agreed that Block 330 was not far from the 7-Eleven store at Block 413
Yishun Ring Road. Either way it would have taken a short amount of time to
travel within the Yishun neighbourhood when it was past midnight and traffic
was light. 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

NE (25 August 2020) at p 12 ln 11–17

I was satisfied that Pravin and Vinod would not have had the opportunity to
meet Ashvin after their meeting with Kannan.

Kannan’s defence

Kannan’s version of events involving Exhibits B1A and B2A

91 As stated at [37] above, Kannan’s case was that he had nothing to do with
the drugs seized in Ashvin’s unit, including Exhibits B1A and B2A. I have
found the evidence of Ashvin and the statements of Arun to be compelling and
accept the version of events that they have given implicating Kannan. I will
elaborate further below regarding Kannan’s allegation that he had been framed
by Ashvin and Arun.

Kannan’s version of events involving Exhibit E1

92 In relation to Exhibit E1, Kannan claimed that it was packed and passed to
Vinod by Ashvin.

93 The Defence submitted that Ashvin could have left the Unit to pass Exhibit
E1 to Vinod without having been recognised or detected by the CNB officers. SI
Alwin, who was keeping observation of the Unit, had said that there were times
when he did not fix his eyes on the Unit. 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

NE (24 August 2020) at p 60 ln 18–20

He saw a male Indian subject (Kannan) coming out from the Unit at about
12.15am on 3 June 2016, but he did not see Ashvin and Arun in the corridor of
the Unit after 11.30pm on 2 June 2016, trying to push things into the Unit.
143

##### Foot Note 143

×

NE (24 August 2020) at p 61 ln 26 to p 62 ln 30

SSI Ng testified that he saw Kannan meeting Pravin and Vinod, but also agreed
with Mr Goswami that if Ashvin had met Pravin and Vinod, he would not have
noticed him as he did not know what Ashvin looked like. 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

NE (24 August 2020) at p 55 ln 24–32

94 It was also contended that SSI Ismail’s failure to seize the CCTV footage
of the lifts in Block 327 had “left a serious lacuna in the prosecution’s
evidence”. The Defence maintained that the footage would have shown who had
gone up to the Unit and when they had done so. 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

DCS at para 93

95 As for the CNB officers’ evidence in relation to their observations of the
Unit, it was not clear exactly when Ashvin and Arun were at the bedroom window
of the Unit. But Ashvin testified that Arun had made a call to him on 2 June
at 11.37pm. 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

AM1 at p 14, s/n 27

Arun was outside the Unit and was unable to slip the drugs through the window
as the windows were locked. 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

NE (27 August 2020) at p 20 ln 30–32

. SI Alwin testified in re-examination that at 11.30pm he was still in his
vehicle and that he would take about five minutes to position himself at level
four of Block 328. As such, it was possible that he had missed out on
observing Ashvin and Arun at the window of the Unit. 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

NE (24 August 2020) at p 64

As for SSI Ng, his evidence was that he only saw two male Indians (later
identified to be Vinod and Pravin) meet with Kannan. 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

Conditioned Statement of Ng Tze Chiang Tony (AB Vol 1 at p 421)

Taking into account the totality of the evidence from the Prosecution’s
witnesses, Kannan’s claim that Ashvin was the one who passed Exhibit E1 to
Vinod did not withstand scrutiny. It was flatly contradicted by the evidence
of Vinod and Pravin as well as all the available observation evidence.

96 Finally, in respect of the Prosecution’s failure to adduce the CCTV footage
of the lifts in Block 327, this was a neutral point. It did not adversely
affect the Prosecution’s case or cause material prejudice to Kannan. It was
uncontroversial that Ashvin and Arun, but not Kannan, were present when the
drugs were being sent to the Unit. It was also uncontroversial that Kannan
subsequently did go up to the Unit and had met Ashvin in his bedroom.

The alleged conspiracy between Ashvin, Arun, Vinod and Pravin to frame Kannan

97 A key plank of Kannan’s defence was that Ashvin, Arun, Vinod and Pravin had
conspired to frame him. Kannan’s defence was that this conspiracy had been
formed via communication on the following occasions:

(a) amongst Ashvin, Arun, Vinod and Pravin at the CNB Headquarters;

(b) amongst Ashvin, Arun, Vinod and Pravin in the lock-up after Vinod had
testified; and

(c) between Ashvin and Arun in the van on the way to the CMC, based on what
Wong allegedly heard.

I was of the view however that his allegations were completely devoid of merit
and address each in turn.

(1) Communication at the CNB Headquarters

98 The Prosecution submitted that Kannan’s claim that he had been falsely
implicated was fabricated and tailored. Initially, his defence was that Ashvin
had spoken to Arun and Vinod at the room in the CNB Headquarters where their
urine samples were being procured and told them to implicate Kannan. Mr
Goswami cross-examined Ashvin on the point that Ashvin had told Vinod to
implicate Kannan: 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

NE (27 August 2020) at p 24 ln 25–27

Q: Yes. So you told Vinod not to implicate you in respect of [Exhibit] E1 but
to push the blame to Kannan, that Kannan handed him E1.

A: I disagree, Your Honour. There’s no way we could speak at the station.

99 Mr Goswami thereafter cross-examined Ashvin on the point that Ashvin had
conspired with Arun: 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

NE (27 August 2020) at p 24 ln 14–17

Q: While in the CNB, inside the urine-taking room, you had also spoken to Arun
and you had conspired with Arun to push the blame for the two blocks of
cannabis seized from your bedroom to Kannan.

A: I disagree.

100 The Prosecution submitted that when Kannan took the stand, his evidence
changed completely to that of Ashvin, Arun, Pravin and Vinod signalling to one
another. This was of particular significance. In my view, it amply
demonstrated that Kannan’s evidence was internally inconsistent. When cross-
examined on the inconsistency between the four of them speaking and signalling
to each other, Kannan adroitly changed tack and attempted to argue that it was
unimportant whether they had spoken or signalled to one another, since the
“main purpose here [was that] they [had]communicated”. 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

NE (17 September 2020) at p 30 ln 21–24

Kannan initially indicated that this alleged signalling was done via a gesture
across the mouth with a “zipping” motion. This “zipping” gesture appeared
somewhat curious to me, as it seemed to be a signal to refrain from talking or
to remain silent. 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

NE (17 September 2020) at p 33 ln 18–23

When cross-examined by the Prosecution as to how that gesture would indicate
that they were signalling to pin the blame on him and not on anyone else,
Kannan then testified that Ashvin signalled to put the blame on him with a
“gesture pointing to [him]”. 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

NE (17 September 2020) at p 33 ln 30–31

All these reactive shifts in Kannan’s evidence were contrived and crafted on
the fly, solely to bolster his allegations of a conspiracy to frame him. I was
not persuaded that he was a witness of truth.

101 A further illustration would show how Kannan’s evidence of a conspiracy to
frame him was also internally inconsistent. In his evidence-in-chief, he said
that he did not hear them talk but had asked them why his name was being
mentioned. This would necessarily have required conversation. The rapid
changes and glib augmentations in his evidence tellingly revealed that he was
making up his case as he went along, according to what suited his needs.

102 I agreed with the Prosecution’s submission that Kannan had displayed a
propensity to tailor his evidence when deficiencies in his evidence were
pointed out. As for external consistency, Ashvin, 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

NE (27 August 2020) at p 25

Arun, 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

NE (2 September 2020) p 71 ln 26–31

Pravin 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

NE (26 August 2020) at p 18 ln 8–10

and Vinod, 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

NE (26 August 2020) at p 54 ln 28 to p 56 ln 30

as well as the CNB officers, 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

NE (3 September 2020) at pp 5, 16

had all denied that any such conversations had taken place in the room at the
CNB Headquarters. Sgt Hidayat had also testified that there was no
communication between Ashvin and the others. 160

##### Foot Note 160

×

NE (7 September 2020) at p 3

(2) Conversations between Ashvin, Arun, Pravin and Vinod in the court lock-up

103 The Defence submitted that Kannan had heard Vinod, Pravin, Arun and Ashvin
talking to one another “with their voices raised” after Vinod had testified
and had been taken down to the court lock-up. 161

##### Foot Note 161

×

DCS at para 202.1

Ashvin testified that at the lock-up, Vinod and Pravin did speak to him even
though he claimed that they were not telling him and Arun what evidence they
had given in court. Instead, they had asked each other about their well-being,
since it had been some time since they saw each other. It was however put to
Ashvin that Vinod and Pravin had told him what evidence they had given so that
he could tailor his evidence in court. 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

NE (27 August 2020) at pp 108–109

104 I found no reason to reject Ashvin’s evidence in this regard. Arun had
also testified that Vinod was talking to Ashvin and Pravin in the court lock-
up but that he had kept quiet during the conversation. 163

##### Foot Note 163

×

NE (2 September 2020) at pp 77–78

While there was indeed some communication between them in the lock-up, I
accepted Ashvin and Pravin’s testimonies that the conversation was neither
related to the case at hand involving Kannan nor about what Vinod and Pravin
had testified in court. Even if it did relate to the case at hand, Pravin and
Vinod had given evidence only in relation to Exhibit E1. They were in no
position to offer any direct evidence about the events leading to Kannan’s
arrest, of which they only had partial or hearsay knowledge at best. They
would not have known about any other drugs Kannan might have dealt with.

(3) Wong’s evidence was unreliable

105 The Defence had called Wong as a witness in support of the allegation that
Ashvin and Arun had conspired in the van to frame Kannan while on the way to
the CMC on 4 June 2016. The Prosecution submitted that Wong’s evidence was
unreliable. First, Wong’s evidence was contradicted by Ashvin and Arun, as
well as the escorting officers present in the van. After Wong had testified
for the Defence, the Prosecution applied to call three of the four CNB
escorting officers, namely Station Inspector Ranjeet Ram Behari, Station
Inspector Chiang Jianwei Kevin and Senior Staff Sergeant Cheng Boon Keong, as
rebuttal witnesses. All the officers had testified that no such conversation
had taken place between Ashvin and Arun, and it would be inherently incredible
that all the officers would not have heard a “protracted and audible
conversation” between Ashvin and Arun and if they did, to not have sought to
intervene.

106 Second, Wong had acknowledged that he had a history of suffering from
memory impairment issues, stemming from a brain infection due to
meningoencephalitis. Further, it was unclear how Wong would have linked
Kannan’s case to that of Ashvin and Arun’s, given that Kannan, Ashvin and Arun
were all arrested in different circumstances and locations.

107 Third, Ashvin and Arun had consistently implicated Kannan in their
respective contemporaneous statements which were taken before the trip to the
CMC. Prior to their arrests, Ashvin and Arun would not have had an opportunity
to come up with a plan to frame Kannan.

108 Conversely, the Defence submitted that the Prosecution was unable to show
that Wong could not remember what had happened during the trip to the CMC as a
result of his illness. Wong had testified that he could not remember all the
details about the trip, but he did remember two male Indians “talking about
one packet of something…that’s the weed and then they want to push the blame
to the other guy”. 164

##### Foot Note 164

×

NE (23 November 2020) at p 14 ln 15–18

There were similarities between what Wong allegedly heard in the van and what
Kannan had told Wong about his case, and the Defence submitted that the
Prosecution could have “probed Wong further” on this point but did not do so.
The Defence argued that “maximum weight” should be given to Wong’s testimony
as he was an independent witness with no personal interest in the case. 165

##### Foot Note 165

×

DCS at para 173

The Defence further argued that the rebuttal witnesses called by the
Prosecution were unreliable witnesses who gave “standard answers” that they
did not hear any conversations between Ashvin and Arun. 166

##### Foot Note 166

×

DCS at para 177

There was a doubt as to whether the officers sitting in the front of the van
would have been able to hear Ashvin and Arun who were seated behind a
partition. There were two seats at the back of the van but the escorting
officers allegedly did not sit on those seats.

109 I note at the outset that it was not established that Wong’s history of
memory impairment had affected his ability to recall the events. I saw no
reason to reject his evidence on this basis alone. Kannan’s evidence about
what Wong had told him was not a pure afterthought, since Wong’s oral
testimony about having heard Ashvin and Arun talking to each other to “push
the blame” was consistent with what Kannan had said he was told by Wong. That
said, although I did not think that Wong was an interested witness or had any
reason to lie, I had serious reservations about the reliability of his
evidence. In all likelihood, he was mistaken on various aspects and had
resorted to speculation and conjecture. To begin with, he conceded that he had
assumed, after discussing with Kannan about their cases, that the two Indian
males in the van must have been talking about pushing the blame to Kannan,
even though no names were specifically mentioned. It was also likely that he
was mistaken or confused about what he had heard in the van, if indeed any
conversation had taken place at all. Having carefully considered the totality
of the evidence, I noted that Wong was roundly contradicted by the CNB
officers and also found that his evidence was inherently incredible.

110 In relation to the alleged conversation in the van, I agreed with the
Prosecution that even if there had been a conversation, it would have been
difficult for someone such as Wong who had no knowledge of the context of the
case to link the conversation to Kannan specifically. In discussing their
cases, Wong and Kannan appeared to have devised their own theory that Kannan
was the person to whom Ashvin and Arun would purportedly “push the blame”.
Wong had testified however that he did not know any actual details and had
stated all he could remember when the Prosecution asked him to provide further
details. 167

##### Foot Note 167

×

NE (23 November 2020) p 14 ln 19-26

111 Even assuming that Wong had correctly heard Ashvin and Arun say that they
would “push the blame” to someone, Wong appeared to have imputed his own
understanding of what to “push the blame” may have really meant. This
inevitably led to Kannan forming his own impressions as well. It could well
have meant that both Ashvin and Arun felt, not unjustifiably, that Kannan
ought to be blamed principally for his actions which led to all of them being
arrested. It did not necessarily reflect a conspiracy to frame Kannan and
fabricate evidence against him. Ashvin and Arun did not seek to absolve
themselves of any blame and they had accepted responsibility for their roles
in the enterprise.

112 A striking indicator that Wong was an unreliable witness, though not
necessarily an untruthful one, was his remarkable insistence under cross-
examination that he would “never” have been mistaken in recalling events that
might not have taken place. 168

##### Foot Note 168

×

NE (23 November 2020) p 18 ln 1

To categorically profess an affirmative belief in his own infallibility speaks
volumes of his credibility. He had in fact contradicted himself in this
connection to some extent since he conceded at various points that he could
not remember exactly what he claimed to have heard. Wong also candidly
conceded that he had “selective memory”. There was thus every risk of
confabulation even though Wong disagreed that he could possibly have erred in
his recollection.

113 Wong’s evidence was inherently incredible. It was highly unlikely that
Ashvin and Arun were allowed to engage in an extended conversation in the van
without any intervention whatsoever by the CNB escorting officers. There were
some gaps in the officers’ evidence in relation to where they were seated and
what they had heard, but I did not think that there were material
discrepancies in their evidence.

114 The Defence had only put to Ashvin that he could have spoken to Arun when
they were being transported from the CMC back to the CNB. 169

##### Foot Note 169

×

NE (27 August 2020) at p 29 ln 25 to p 30 ln 11

I noted that initially, Kannan’s evidence was that he believed the “Chinese
guy” had told him that Arun and Ashvin had spoken to each other while they
were on the way back from the CMC. 170

##### Foot Note 170

×

NE (16 September 2020) at p 53 ln 17–18

Wong was identified by the Prosecution as the “Chinese guy” whom Kannan could
have been referring to. Kannan did not object to this identification and
called Wong as his Defence witness. Presumably, Kannan’s defence, which was
based on what Wong had allegedly heard, was that Ashvin and Arun had conspired
to frame him when they were in the same van on the way to the CMC. In any
event, Ashvin’s evidence was that he did try to talk while in the van on the
way back to the CNB, but the CNB officers had “shut [him] up”.

115 As for Arun, it was not directly put to him that he had spoken in the van.
However, Arun did testify that he did not speak to Ashvin at the CMC, and that
during family visits, he did not discuss the case with anybody. 171

##### Foot Note 171

×

NE (2 September 2020) at p 72

Arun had also testified that Ashvin might have told him about his version of
events during family visits, but he would not have revealed his defence as he
wanted to fight his case. 172

##### Foot Note 172

×

NE (2 September 2020) at p 73

In relation to family visits, Ashvin testified that he had opportunities to
speak to Arun about their cases in their first year of remand. 173

##### Foot Note 173

×

NE (27 August 2020) at pp 25-27

While it was undoubtedly possible that Ashvin and Arun did have opportunities
to speak to each other, this fell far short of constituting cogent evidence of
any conspiracy. As the Prosecution had rightly pointed out, the
contemporaneous statements taken were inculpatory and had also incriminated
Kannan, and all these statements were given prior to any alleged “conspiracy”
as postulated by the Defence.

No basis to find any motive to frame Kannan

116 As noted above, the cornerstone of Kannan’s defence was that he was an
innocent third party who became the maligned victim of an elaborate set-up by
others to “push the blame” to him. I rejected this defence. I found that
Ashvin, Arun, Pravin or Vinod had no reason or motive whatsoever to frame
Kannan, and that full weight therefore should be placed on their evidence.

117 Kannan’s allegations that the four of them had framed him because they
were part of “one community” and that Ashvin and Arun had lied to escape a
capital charge were wholly unconvincing. An attempt to frame Kannan would not
have exonerated any of them from their own admitted culpability. All four of
them had also been sentenced by the time they testified in court. They could
not have been hoping for a lighter sentence. There was no conceivable benefit
to them relative to Kannan’s situation.

118 The Defence submitted that the Prosecution had “given Ashvin’s life back
as an alm” and that Ashvin would naturally testify in favour of the
Prosecution. The lives of Ashvin and Arun had been spared because they had
cooperated with the CNB by giving statements implicating Kannan and testifying
against Kannan in court. 174

##### Foot Note 174

×

DCS at paras 43, 46

The Defence further submitted that Ashvin and Arun wanted to “complete what
they had started” and that their conspiracy to implicate Kannan was “given
momentum by their charges being reduced and their lives being spared”.

119 It bears highlighting that Ashvin and Arun had implicated Kannan in their
contemporaneous statements 175

##### Foot Note 175

×

D1; P196

even before any alleged conspiracy could have arisen in the van. Ashvin and
Arun had voluntarily implicated themselves and Kannan right from the outset.
There was nothing to suggest that there was any expectation of being given
their lives back in return as an “alm” in exchange for their cooperation,
which was self-initiated. The offer of reduced non-capital charges for Ashvin
and Arun only came much later, some three years down the line. Crucially,
Kannan had blithely sidestepped mentioning the fact that he was extended a
similar offer in spite of his denial of involvement. These offers had nothing
to do with any suggested reciprocity or quid pro quo. At any rate, there was
no special advantage that Ashvin and Arun had obtained that Kannan was
potentially deprived of. Hence the argument that the Prosecution had given
them back their lives as “alms” is specious and flies in the face of logic.
Kannan’s life would similarly have been “spared” as well if he had decided to
accept the offer extended to him.

120 The Defence further submitted that Vinod had a reason to falsely implicate
Kannan in respect of Exhibit E1 as Ashvin and Vinod were friends. Vinod
however testified to being closer friends to Kannan than to Ashvin, having
known Ashvin through Kannan. 176

##### Foot Note 176

×

NE (26 August 2020) at p 63 ln 10-11

Vinod and Pravin were also sentenced for a joint drug possession charge in
relation to Exhibit E1. 177

##### Foot Note 177

×

Prosecution’s Reply Submissions at para 13

The charges they faced were very different from what Kannan faced in the
present trial.

121 Vinod and Pravin were only end users of drugs who had nothing to gain in
implicating Kannan. Ashvin and Arun were in the same boat as Kannan; the trio
had faced similar capital charges and were all offered reduced non-capital
charges in a plea offer. Kannan chose not to accept the offer. Moreover, there
was absolutely no evidence that any “conspiracy” had resulted in anyone
securing a plea offer which otherwise would not have been extended to them. As
for the Defence’s claim that Ashvin and Arun were paranoid as they had
consumed drugs prior to their arrest, this was a purely speculative assertion
without any evidential basis.

Mobile phone communication records

122 The Prosecution submitted that the mobile phone communication records
corroborated Kannan’s guilt and showed that Kannan had intended to traffic in
the drugs. I concurred entirely. The Prosecution first referred to a deleted
iMessage retrieved from Kannan’s mobile phone, stating “822261” opposite the
big field” which was sent by an unknown person and received by Kannan on 2
June 2016 at about 10.08pm. 178

##### Foot Note 178

×

AB Vol 2 at p 880

Kannan then forwarded the message to Arun at about 10.11pm. 179

##### Foot Note 179

×

AM1 at p 7; AB Vol 2 at p 1208

The Prosecution submitted that Kannan had received this message from his
supplier and forwarded it to Arun, whom he had instructed to assist with the
collection of the drugs. This postal code was that of Block 261 in Punggol in
a cluster of HDB blocks, and there was a big field at the location. 180

##### Foot Note 180

×

NE (3 September 2020) at p 34 ln 24–29

In Arun’s third long statement, he also indicated that that was the “location
that [he was] supposed to go to collect ‘Kannan’s’ things”. 181

##### Foot Note 181

×

P199 para 19

123 Kannan did not deny having forwarded this message to Arun but claimed that
he was merely forwarding it on from Dilip and did not understand the
significance of the message. Kannan claimed that Arun had to use his phone to
call Dilip because his phone did not have an auto-roaming function. 182

##### Foot Note 182

×

NE (16 September 2020) at p 8 ln 17–22

He also claimed that Dilip sent the postal code to his phone because Arun and
Ashvin were communicating with Dilip using his phone. 183

##### Foot Note 183

×

NE (16 September 2020) at p 14 ln 23–27

The Prosecution submitted that it was illogical for Arun to have to use
Kannan’s phone on account of its auto-roaming function, since Arun’s phone was
installed with the WhatsApp application which he could have used to make
overseas calls. Further, considering the frequency at which Ashvin and Arun
were using their phones at the material time, Dilip could have contacted them
without Kannan’s assistance.

124 The Prosecution also referred to other messages sent by Kannan right after
he became aware that Arun had successfully collected the drugs and was about
to deliver them to the Unit. Kannan had sent messages to four contacts, “Ruben
Michael”, “David Sak”, “Ismail Buddy” and “Vik Meesai” on 2 June 2016 at about
11.46pm or 11.47pm, stating “Bro it’s in hand” and “Confirm how much you need
can take anytime now”. 184

##### Foot Note 184

×

AB Vol 2 at p 1258

Kannan did not deny sending these messages, but claimed that the messages were
about him having to return his punters monies relating to soccer betting. 185

##### Foot Note 185

×

NE (17 September 2020) at p 43 ln 13 to p 46 ln 13

The Prosecution submitted that Kannan’s explanation was unbelievable given the
context of the messages, referring to a message sent from ”Ruben Michael” to
Kannan on 31 May 2016, where Ruben stated: 186

##### Foot Note 186

×

AM2 at p 1 (AB Vol 2 at p 1197)

Bro next time don’t ask me for order unless you have it with you in YOUR hands
bro. Last time it was good and I could help you too. My fren fucking me up
asking why I said can get by weekend and now delay again. I know it’s not your
fault that it’s not in. But next time I don’t wanna ask for orders till it’s
in already. If you think by today 9/10pm cannot get then cancel it bro.

125 At 11.03pm, “Ruben Michael” sent another WhatsApp message to Kannan
stating “Bro I’m transferring back the cash all. Forget it la bro”. The
Prosecution submitted that these messages indicated that ‘Ruben Michael’ was
awaiting a shipment of cannabis from Kannan, and that Kannan’s message sent on
2 June 2016 was to inform his contacts that the drugs were “in hand”.

126 The Defence contended that the evidence showed that Kannan was involved in
illegal football gambling and 4D, and that the messages sent to these four
contacts related to illegal football gambling and not to drugs. SSI Ismail
testified that from his experience and understanding, these messages did not
relate to soccer betting. 187

##### Foot Note 187

×

NE (3 September 2020) at p 35 ln 24 to p 37 ln 31

However, SSI Ismail was not an expert on soccer betting and had testified with
the intent to bolster the Prosecution’s case that the messages could relate to
drugs. Kannan in turn denied that these four contacts were his potential
clients for the sale of drugs.

127 From my reading of the WhatsApp messages, while being fully mindful that
such messages can be abbreviated, ambiguous and liable to be read out of
context, the irresistible inference was that these messages related to drug
deals and not illegal soccer betting or 4D. The various messages Kannan had
sent to these contacts gave rise in the circumstances to the compelling
inference that Kannan was a drug trafficker. He was informing them that the
drugs were “in hand” shortly after Arun had collected the brown bag from
beside the electrical box in an open field beside Block 256 Punggol Way, in
accordance with Kannan’s instructions. He was asking his clients, which
included one “Ruben Michael”, to confirm how much drugs they needed, and they
could “take anytime now”. Ruben Michael’s message in turn made it abundantly
clear that he was disgruntled over Kannan’s unreliable timing with regard to
the availability of the drugs he had ordered. The messages could not by any
stretch of the imagination possibly be read as being about illegal betting.

128 Kannan had called Oscar as a Defence witness and it would be fair to
accept that based on the evidence, Kannan did gamble and was a punter, and had
also accepted illegal bets from others. However, his defence was highly
contrived, and Oscar’s evidence did not aid his case. The meanings he sought
to attribute to the WhatsApp messages were inordinately strained. His self-
serving explanations relied on a highly unnatural and esoteric reading of the
text messages. Understood in context, the messages instead suggested quite
emphatically that he was a drug trafficker and showed that the drugs in
question were meant for trafficking.

129 A critical WhatsApp message was the one stating the postal code “822261”
and “opposite the big field” as it clearly related to the drugs which were the
subject matter of the charge. It was received by Kannan and sent
contemporaneously by Kannan to Arun. This message contained a very specific
reference to the Punggol Way collection point for the drugs in question. The
Defence’s contention that the postal code was being forwarded from Dilip to
Kannan to pass on to Arun was unbelievable. If it was true that Dilip was
involved, there was simply no good reason why Dilip could not have contacted
Ashvin or Arun directly. Indeed, this message containing the postal code and
the location as well as the timing of the message corroborated the evidence of
Ashvin and Arun, ie, that Arun was instructed by Kannan to collect the drugs.
Even if Dilip was not a fictitious person, Kannan was grasping at straws in a
desperate effort to find some connection, however tenuous, to explain away his
messages.

130 In relation to Dilip, Kannan claimed in his defence that he had informed
SSI Ismail about Dilip four years ago and had given him Dilip’s name. However,
SSI Ismail “did not investigate properly”, such that he was now at trial and
“facing this problem”. 188

##### Foot Note 188

×

NE (16 September 2020) at p 50 ln 11–29

SSI Ismail testified in examination-in-chief that he had conducted
investigations to ascertain who Dilip was, as he was informed by Kannan that
Dilip had sent him a message to forward to Arun. However, he had checked
through the messages and there were none sent from Dilip to Kannan. 189

##### Foot Note 189

×

NE (3 September 2020) at p 38 ln 15 to p 39 ln 5

131 The deleted iMessage relating to the postal code was later retrieved after
forensic examination was conducted on Kannan’s phone. 190

##### Foot Note 190

×

FORT/MF/2016/0191 (AB Vol 2 at p 630); AB Vol 2 at p 880

However, it did not reveal the number from which the message was sent. 191

##### Foot Note 191

×

AB Vol 2 at 880

At trial, Kannan pointed to two numbers which he claimed were Dilip’s numbers,
and testified that Arun had also used his phone to call Dilip prior to 2 June.
192

##### Foot Note 192

×

NE (16 September 2020) at p 8 ln 23 to p 10 ln 4

Kannan further claimed that Arun and Ashvin were communicating with Dilip
using his phone on 2 June 2016. 193

##### Foot Note 193

×

NE (16 September 2020) at p 14 ln 16–27

132 Ashvin testified that he did know Dilip. 194

##### Foot Note 194

×

NE (27 August 2020) at p 78 ln 25–32

He disagreed that Kannan had told him that the calls and messages from Dilip
to “pass messages” were “very irritating”, 195

##### Foot Note 195

×

NE (27 August 2020) at p 78 ln 6–10

and testified that he did not use Kannan’s handphone on 2 June. 196

##### Foot Note 196

×

NE (27 August 2020) at p 82 ln 1 to p 83 ln 4

As for Arun, he testified that he knew Dilip, and that he had met up with
Dilip a few times. 197

##### Foot Note 197

×

NE (2 September 2020) at p 45 ln 2–18

When questioned about whether he had taken Kannan’s phone to speak to Dilip,
he maintained that he could not remember. 198

##### Foot Note 198

×

NE (2 September 2020) at p 69 ln 2–21

133 The Prosecution suggested to Kannan that the communications between
Kannan’s number and Dilip’s number related to Kannan contacting Dilip for a
shipment of cannabis. Further, Kannan knew the message with the postal code
referred to where the cannabis was to be collected from, because he had
ordered it. Kannan disagreed with these suggestions. 199

##### Foot Note 199

×

NE (17 September 2020) at p 59 ln 3–12

134 The evidence relating to Dilip did not assist Kannan. To begin with, there
was no evidence to establish that the two numbers which Kannan referred to
belonged to Dilip. He had also not pointed out these numbers to SSI Ismail
when his statements were taken, despite the alleged centrality of Dilip to his
defence. He also did not call Dilip as a witness. In any event, as explained
at [129] above, it was illogical that Dilip had to contact Arun and/or Ashvin
through Kannan. Kannan was also unable to distance himself from the message
relating to the postal code which he had received and deleted from his phone,
and the fact that he had sent this message on to Arun contemporaneously.

135 Finally, the Defence sought to explain that communications between Kannan
and Arun prior to and on 2 June were mostly related to collection of gambling
moneys from Oscar. 200

##### Foot Note 200

×

NE (16 September 2020) at p 45 ln 18 to p 47 ln 15; p 55 ln 28 to p 56 ln 1

The Defence had called Oscar as a Defence witness to testify that Arun had
collected gambling moneys from him on behalf of Kannan and that he owed Kannan
about $2000 (see [51] above). The Prosecution’s case was that the
communications between them on 2 June were in relation to the collection of
cannabis by Arun on Kannan’s behalf. 201

##### Foot Note 201

×

NE (17 September 2020) at p 59 ln 13–16; AM1 pp 2–9, s/n 20–91

The Prosecution also relied on other messages, such as one sent from Kannan to
Arun on 1 June, wherein he stated “All patients relying on you”. The
Prosecution suggested to Kannan that this message related to customers who
would be placing orders for cannabis with Kannan. Kannan testified that this
was a typographical error and should have read as “all punters relying on
you”. 202

##### Foot Note 202

×

NE (17 September 2020) at p 58 ln 25 to p 59 ln 2

This was plainly a desperate and unconvincing attempt to attribute these
communications to matters relating to collection of gambling moneys.

136 Having accepted the version of events given by Ashvin and Arun, at least
some of the communications between Arun and Kannan on 2 June had to be in
relation to the collection of the drugs, in particular the message stating
“822261 opposite the big field” which specifically related to the location
that Kannan had directed Arun to. Even if any of the communication records
between Kannan and Arun were gambling-related, none of these would detract
from the evidence adduced in Arun’s statements and Ashvin’s evidence, which
clearly implicated Kannan in the trafficking of the drugs in question.

Demeanour and credibility

137 I turn next to make some brief observations pertaining to the Defence’s
submission that Kannan was a truthful and credible witness based on his
demeanour. The defence submitted that Kannan was not evasive and his testimony
was consistent with the statements he gave to the CNB in all material
particulars. It was submitted that he was candid and forthright in his
testimony, and had been consistent in denying any involvement with the drugs.
203

##### Foot Note 203

×

DCS at paras 219 to 225

138 A witness may project unflappable confidence and seemingly disarming
candour while unflinchingly maintaining an account that appears to be largely
consistent. Even so, he is not necessarily a truthful and credible witness on
account of his demeanour and presentation alone. His testimony must be tested
for plausibility and evaluated for internal and external consistencies. In the
present case, given the cogency of the incriminating evidence from his co-
conspirators as well as the cumulative weight of the objective evidence,
Kannan’s resolute disavowal of involvement and myriad allegations of false
incrimination were wholly implausible. Moreover, as noted above, his evidence
was shifting, inconsistent and unreliable. He was clearly tailoring his
defence to suit his needs.

139 On my evaluation of Kannan’s defence, his testimony was dubious, given the
near-forensic specificity with which he sought to link up the various events
to the timings and contents of the various messages and phone calls. It was
highly unlikely that he would be able to remember minutiae and timing details
with so much clarity four years later. This strongly suggested that he had
done so post hoc in order to shore up his claims. The inescapable inference
was that he had contrived to make up a story to exculpate himself.

Evidence of conspiracy

140 In my assessment, the Prosecution had established beyond reasonable doubt
that there was a conspiracy involving Kannan, Arun and Ashvin to traffic in
the drugs. Having considered the evidence adduced in the round, I found that
all three of them had agreed to participate in the conspiracy to engage in the
unlawful activity. They were fully aware of the general purpose of the common
design. The mens rea for abetment by conspiracy as outlined in Bahashwan at
[34] was thus established.

141 I accepted that it was possible that Ashvin only joined in the conspiracy
when Arun returned with the drugs and placed them in the bedroom of the Unit.
Arguably, Ashvin might not have agreed at the earlier point when all three of
them were in the bedroom, since he then went downstairs and locked the grilles
in a feeble attempt to distance himself from the scheme. But he continued to
stay in the area and remained contactable, and ultimately returned to the
bedroom where the drugs were kept and remained inside the bedroom. Ashvin
himself had pleaded guilty to a reduced charge on the same factual background
and accepted that he was involved in the conspiracy.

142 As for the Defence’s argument that Ashvin did not testify about any
express agreement with Arun whereby Arun would collect the drugs and traffic
it to Ashvin, this was misconceived. Having accepted the testimonies of Ashvin
and Arun, I found it patently clear that both of them were aware of the plan
as discussed in Ashvin’s bedroom. Kannan orchestrated all arrangements. He
gave instructions for collection and safekeeping of the drugs. Pursuant to the
conspiracy, Arun collected the drugs on Kannan’s instructions in order to pass
them to Ashvin to be kept in the Unit. This handover which constituted the act
of trafficking was eventually carried out and Ashvin had, together with Arun,
personally placed the drugs in his room. An agreement to be part of this plan
could be readily inferred from the actions of Ashvin and Arun. As the
Prosecution rightly submitted, the sheer quantity of drugs and the transaction
involving Exhibit E1 made it clear beyond reasonable doubt that Kannan had
intended to traffic in the drugs.

Conclusion

143 Counsel had demonstrated appreciable diligence and their considerable
endeavours to assist Kannan in mounting his defence were commendable.
Nevertheless, I was satisfied beyond reasonable doubt that all the elements of
the charge had been proven. The overall picture that emerged was one of Kannan
attempting to push the blame to everyone else, when he was in fact the
mastermind in respect of the collection and trafficking of the drugs through
Arun’s delivery of the drugs to Ashvin. Kannan himself had intended to traffic
the drugs but he had schemed to exculpate himself from the time of the offence
and after his arrest.

144 Accordingly, I found Kannan guilty as charged and sentenced him to the
mandatory punishment of death.

See Kee Oon  
Judge of the High Court

Lau Wing Yum, Kenneth Kee and Kevin Ho (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the
prosecution;

Ram Goswami (Ram Goswami) and Wong Li-Yen Dew (Dew Chambers) for the accused.

.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 16 Feb 2021 (08:14 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

