Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC 04

Suit No 836 of 2019

Between

| Soemarto Sulistio  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Stukan Yetty Fang  
---|---  
(2)| Sulistio Yena  
(3)| Rudy Sulistio  
(4)| Hino Yenny Sulistio  
(5)| Sulistio Edy  
  
… Defendants

judgment

[Trusts] — [Constructive trusts] — [Subsequent intention]

[Trusts] — [Resulting trusts] — [Presumed resulting trusts]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Soemarto Sulistio

  
v

  

Stukan Yetty Fang and others

[2021] SGHC 04

High Court — Suit No 836 of 2019  
Valerie Thean J  
22–24, 29–30 September, 1–2 October, 23 November 2020

7 January 2021 Judgment reserved.

Valerie Thean J:

1 This suit concerns the ownership of 122 gold bars of one kilogram each (“the
gold bars”). The gold bars were purchased in 1989 by the plaintiff, Mr
Sulistio, and his wife, Mdm Soemiati, in their joint names. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents vol I (“1AB”) 1 – 12.

Both were Indonesian citizens of Hakka descent who married in the 1950s. There
are five children from their marriage. These are, from the eldest to the
youngest: the first defendant, Stukan Yetty Fang (“Yetty”); the second
defendant, Sulistio Yena (“Yena”); the third defendant, Rudy Sulistio
(“Rudy”); the fourth defendant, Hino Yenny Sulistio (“Yenny”); and the fifth
defendant, Sulistio Edy (“Edy”).

2 This judgment examines the joint intent of Mdm Soemiati and Mr Sulistio in
respect of the gold bars. The relevant certificates to the gold bars were in
Mdm Soemiati’s possession from the time of purchase. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Certified Transcript (29.09.2020) at p 8, lines 11 – 17.

There is no dispute that at the time of purchase, the couple had a common
intention to hold the gold bars for their joint benefit, with the right of
survivorship to apply. The dispute centres upon the intention of Mr Sulistio
and Mdm Soemiati in and after 17 April 2016, when, at Mdm Soemiati’s request,
Mr Sulistio put his signature under the “Delivery Instructions” section of the
gold certificates. The defendants contend that this action signalled a change
in the couple’s joint intention, which was, at that juncture, to gift the gold
bars to Mdm Soemiati. Mr Sulistio contends that the earlier common intention
remained, notwithstanding his action, and that the gold bars remained in Mdm
Soemiati’s custody under a common intention constructive trust.

3 Mdm Soemiati died in April 2017 and her will bequeathed the gold bars to the
first, second, fourth and fifth defendants. Mr Sulistio, presently 87 years
old, now sues these four defendants for the return of the bars. Rudy, the
third defendant in the suit, has aligned himself with Mr Sulistio in this
suit. All references, therefore, to “the defendants” in this judgment refer to
Yetty, Yena, Yenny and Edy, unless otherwise stated.

Facts

4 Mr Sulistio, now retired, was an extremely successful businessman in the
timber logging business. The gold bars were purchased in 1989 from UOB
Singapore as an investment. At the date of purchase, they were held under 6
UOB Gold Certificates (“the Original Gold Certificates”) bearing the serial
numbers 00272, 00273, 00274, 00275, 00276 and 00277 and dated 11 February
1989. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

1AB 1 – 12.

It is not disputed that, at the time, all the couple’s assets were held for
their joint benefit. The gold bars were purchased with money from the couple’s
joint account and were held in the joint names of Mr Sulistio and Mdm
Soemiati. Mdm Soemiati managed the couple’s finances from their joint accounts
and the Original Gold Certificates were kept in her safe.

5 On 17 April 2016, Mdm Soemiati asked Mr Sulistio to sign the Original Gold
Certificates under the section with the heading “Delivery Instructions”. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

1AB 1 – 12.

At the time he signed, the “transferee” section of the Original Gold
Certificates was left blank. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

1AB 1 – 12.

When the suit was first commenced, Mr Sulistio assumed that Mdm Soemiati’s
name was listed as the transferee at the time of his signature. Parties
realised just prior to trial and do not dispute that sometime later Mdm
Soemiati was listed as the transferee within that section. The state of the
relationship between the couple in the years leading up to this event is a
matter in dispute, as is Mr Sulistio’s intention in signing the document.

6 On 26 May 2016, Mdm Soemiati made a trip to UOB Singapore to effect a change
of ownership of the Original Gold Certificates. The gold bars held under the
Original Gold Certificates were placed under her sole name and UOB accordingly
cancelled the Original Gold Certificates 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

1AB 13 – 24.

before issuing new gold certificates bearing serial numbers 30041, 30042,
30043, 30044, 30045 and 30046 (“the New Gold Certificates”). 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

1AB 25 – 30.

These certificates listed #4601 Convention Plaza Apartments 1 Harbour Road Wan
Chai (“the 4601 Apartment”) as the address of the gold bar’s owners. This is
despite the fact that at the time the New Gold Certificates were issued, Mdm
Soemiati had moved out of the 4601 Apartment and had been staying in a
separate apartment (“the 2502 Apartment”).

7 On 16 April 2017, Mdm Soemiati passed away. Mr Sulistio and Rudy came to
Singapore in May 2017 and checked the couple’s safe deposit box at UOB. Mr
Sulistio discovered that Mdm Soemiati had changed the ownership of the gold
bars. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Certified Transcript (29.09.2020) at p 37, lines 1 – 13.

Believing that Mdm Soemiati had died intestate, Mr Sulistio applied for, and
was granted, letters of administration at the Singapore Family Justice Courts.
9

##### Foot Note 9

×

1AB 215.

8 Unknown to Mr Sulistio, however, Mdm Soemiati had executed a will dated 31
March 2016 (“the Will”). 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

1AB 37 – 39.

Under the Will, she appointed the defendants as the executors and
beneficiaries of her entire estate. The Original Gold Certificates were
specifically named and devised to the defendants:

I GIVE DEVISE AND BEQUEATH my gold certificates Serial Numbers 00272, 00273,
00274, 00275, 00276 and 00277 being held at United Overseas Bank Limited Head
Office, 80 Raffles Place UOB Plaza, Singapore 048624 unto my said daughters
SULISTIO YENA, STUKAN YETTY FANG and HINO YENNY SULISTIO and my said son
SULISTIO EDY for their own use and benefit absolutely in equal shares.

9 Being aware of the Will, Yetty sought and was granted probate by the Hong
Kong Court of First Instance on 7 September 2017. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

1AB 240.

On 21 November 2017, Yetty lodged a caveat against the Singapore grant of
letters of administration, on the basis of the will that Mdm Soemiati executed
on 31 March 2016. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

1AB 216.

She also applied to set aside the letters of administration on 24 January
2018. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

1AB 225 – 231.

That application has been stayed (by consent) for the time being.

10 Mr Sulistio fell gravely ill in September 2017 and was warded in the
intensive care unit of a hospital in Hong Kong for more than a year. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Certified Transcript (29.09.2020) at p 37, lines 16 – 25.

The defendants were unable to visit Mr Sulistio. Their evidence was that they
were prevented from doing so by Rudy. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Certified Transcript (30.09.2020) at p 141, line 24 to p 142, line 23;
Certified Transcript (01.10.2020) at p 134, lines 3 – 10.

Rudy’s evidence was that the defendants were not allowed to see Mr Sulistio at
the instruction of the doctors. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Certified Transcript (22.09.2020) at p 112, lines 16 – 22.

Rudy informed Mr Sulistio about the Will while he was in the hospital. Mr
Sulistio thereafter made a declaration on 22 December 2017 stating that the
gold bars had been held on trust for him by Mdm Soemiati. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

2AB 449 – 450.

11 On 27 February 2018, Mr Sulistio and Rudy commenced proceedings in Hong
Kong to challenge the validity of the Will. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

2AB 286.

On 23 August 2019, those proceedings were struck out by the Court of First
Instance. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

2AB 365 – 366.

12 On 26 August 2019, Mr Sulistio commenced the present proceedings claiming
beneficial ownership of the New Gold Certificates. As the Hong Kong
proceedings were under appeal at the time this suit was filed, Rudy was joined
as a defendant in this suit. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Rudy’s AEIC dated 11 August 2020 (“Rudy’s AEIC”) at para 5.

That appeal has since been dismissed. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

2AB 378, 410.

The claim and the defence

13 It is common ground that at the time of purchase on 11 February 1989, both
Mr Sulistio and Mdm Soemiati had a common intention to hold all assets
(including the gold bars) jointly. It was also agreed that this common intent
subsisted up until 26 March 2016. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Transcript, 23 November 2020, lines 12-13.

14 Mr Sulistio’s assertion is that the couple’s intention remained the same,
notwithstanding his signing the certificate on 17 April 2017. As such, Mdm
Soemiati had held the gold bars for him on trust. He particularized the nature
of such a trust in his further and better particulars. Initially, he averred
that the trust was either a “resulting trust including a Quistclose trust, or
in the alternative a constructive trust.” 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Mr Sulistio’s Further and Better Particulars served 2 December 2019, Answer
3(a)

By the end of trial, arising from his evidence on the stand, his claim was
narrowed to the assertion of a common intention constructive trust, namely,
that pursuant to the couple’s common intention that their assets would be held
jointly, all assets would devolve to the remaining survivor. He therefore
claims beneficial ownership of the gold certificates.

15 The defendants’ contention, in contrast, is that by Mr Sulistio’s
signature, Mr Sulistio intended and did sever the joint tenancy in the
Original Gold Certificates and transferred ownership to Mdm Soemiati
absolutely. This transaction was explained as part of a wider transaction
where the couple separated their assets, specifically to address Mdm
Soemiati’s insecurity about having enough funds for private hospital care as
her health deteriorated.

The applicable legal principles

16 In Chan Yuen Lan v See Fong Mun [2014] 3 SLR 1048 (“Chan Yuen Lan”), a
piece of property was purchased in the appellant-wife’s name. It was found
that the respondent-husband had contributed 84.17% of the purchasing price,
and the wife held that beneficial interest on resulting trust for the husband.
The wife failed to rebut the presumption of resulting trust, as (at [92])
“there was no convincing reason why [the husband], a man nearing retirement
who had just begun an affair, would make the biggest purchase of his life,
only to gift it to someone who was his wife in name only.” The Court of Appeal
then articulated a structured framework for analysing beneficial interests in
a property in Chan Yuen at [160]:

160 In view of our discussion above, a property dispute involving parties who
have contributed unequal amounts towards the purchase price of a property and
who have not executed a declaration of trust as to how the beneficial interest
in the property is to be apportioned can be broadly analysed using the
following steps in relation to the available evidence:

(a) Is there sufficient evidence of the parties’ respective financial
contributions to the purchase price of the property? If the answer is “yes”,
it will be presumed that the parties hold the beneficial interest in the
property in proportion to their respective contributions to the purchase price
(ie. the presumption of resulting trust arises). If the answer is “no”, it
will be presumed that the parties hold the beneficial interest in the same
manner as that in which the legal interest is held.

(b) Regardless of whether the answer to (a) is “yes” or “no”, is there
sufficient evidence of an express or an inferred common intention that the
parties should hold the beneficial interest in the property in a proportion
which is different from that set out in (a)? If the answer is “yes”, the
parties will hold the beneficial interest in accordance with that common
intention instead, and not in the manner set out in (a). In this regard, the
court may not impute a common intention to the parties where one did not in
fact exist.

(c) If the answer to both (a) and (b) is “no”, the parties will hold the
beneficial interest in the property in the same manner as the manner in which
they hold the legal interest.

(d) If the answer to (a) is “yes” but the answer to (b) is “no”, is there
nevertheless sufficient evidence that the party who paid a larger part of the
purchase price of the property (“X”) intended to benefit the other party (“Y”)
with the entire amount which he or she paid? If the answer is “yes”, then X
would be considered to have made a gift to Y of that larger sum and Y will be
entitled to the entire beneficial interest in the property.

(e) If the answer to (d) is “no”, does the presumption of advancement
nevertheless operate to rebut the presumption of resulting trust in (a)? If
the answer is “yes”, then: (i) there will be no resulting trust on the facts
where the property is registered in Y’s sole name (ie. Y will be entitled to
the property absolutely); and (ii) the parties will hold the beneficial
interest in the property jointly where the property is registered in their
joint names. If the answer is “no”, the parties will hold the beneficial
interest in the property in proportion to their respective contributions to
the purchase price.

(f) Notwithstanding the situation at the time the property was acquired, is
there sufficient and compelling evidence of a subsequent express or inferred
common intention that the parties should hold the beneficial interest in a
proportion which is different from that in which the beneficial interest was
held at the time of acquisition of the property? If the answer is “yes”, the
parties will hold the beneficial interest in accordance with the subsequent
altered proportion. If the answer is “no”, the parties will hold the
beneficial interest in one of the modes set out at (b) – (e) above, depending
on which is applicable.

[italics in original; emphasis added in bold]

The parties’ cases

Plaintiff’s position

17 Mr Sulistio argues that step (a) of the Chan Yuen Lan analysis is not
relevant here. He submits that at the time of acquisition, there was “an
express or inferred common intention between [him] and Mdm Soemiati […] to own
the beneficial interest [in the gold bars] jointly”. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions dated 23 October 2020 (“PCS”) at para 36.

Mr Sulistio acknowledged during trial that if he had passed away before his
wife, the gold would have been hers. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Certified Transcript (29.09.2020) at p 29, lines 6 – 8.

Such an express (or inferred) common intention would satisfy step (b) of the
Chan Yuen Lan analysis and would necessarily overtake any analysis of the
parties’ respective financial contributions, as undertaken in step (a).

18 A common intention between the parties having been established at the time
of acquisition of the gold bars, the only question then, was whether there had
been a subsequent deviation of Mr Sulistio and Mdm Soemiati’s common
intention. Such an analysis was to be conducted at step (f) of the Chan Yuen
Lan analysis, and it is there that Mr Sulistio rested his case. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

PCS at para 42.

Mr Sulistio contended that there was no “sufficient and compelling evidence”
of a subsequent express or inferred common intention different from the
earlier one.

Defendants’ position

19 The defendants’ case is that at the time of acquisition, the gold bars had
been held jointly since they were purchased with “commingled funds from their
joint account [consisting] of their joint earning, savings as well as funds
from investments”. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Defence (Amendment No 2) at para 37(a).

The defendants adduced evidence in respect of their mother’s contribution to
their father’s business. It was not disputed, in any event, that the gold bars
were held in the joint names and for the joint benefit of the couple. This was
also Mr Sulistio’s case that such was the common intention at the time of the
acquisition.

20 The defendants advance a different position from Mr Sulistio as to when the
Chan Yuen Lan analysis was to be applied. While Mr Sulistio’s step (b)
analysis was conducted with reference to the purchase of the gold bars, the
defendants’ step (b) analysis was conducted with reference to the transfer of
the gold bars from Mr Sulistio to Mdm Soemiati. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Defendants’ Closing Submission dated 23 October 2020 (“DCS”) at paras 70(a) –
70(b), 103 – 154.

21 In the defendants’ view, the owner of the legal title would presumptively
be the owner of the beneficial interest in the property as well. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

DCS at para 56 – 57.

That was the starting point of the analysis since “equity follows the law”. It
fell to Mr Sulistio to produce “sufficient evidence” under step (b) that he
had never intended to benefit Mdm Soemiati when he signed the Original Gold
Certificates.

22 Besides suggesting that the legal burden of proof (under step (b) of the
Chan Yuen Lan analysis) lay on Mr Sulistio, the defendants also advance a
positive case about Mr Sulistio’s intentions when he signed the Original Gold
Certificates. The defendants submitted that the relationship between Mr
Sulistio and Mdm Soemiati had broken down by the time the gold bars had been
transferred to her, 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

DCS at paras 118 – 129.

and that the transfer had been part of a deal where Mdm Soemiati would receive
the financial security of these gold bars 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

DCS at paras 105 – 117.

in exchange for Mr Sulistio keeping the rest of their combined wealth. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

DCS at paras 145 – 149.

On that reading, there could have been no common intention for Mdm Soemiati to
keep the bars on trust for him. In the alternative, the defendants submitted
that pursuant to step (e) of the Chan Yuen Lan analysis, a presumption of
advancement arose when Mr Sulistio transferred the gold bars to Mdm Soemiati.
33

##### Foot Note 33

×

DCS at paras 153 – 154.

23 Finally, regarding stage (f) of the Chan Yuen Lan analysis in the event Mr
Sulistio’s interpretation of the law is accepted, the defendants argue that
there was no subsequent common intention to hold the gold bars jointly in
2016. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

DCS at paras 70(c) – 70(d) and paras 156 – 163.

Analysis on the law

24 I deal first with the correct approach to take in applying Chan Yuen Lan in
this case. In my view, step (b), together with step (a) of the Chan Yuen Lan
analysis, are conducted at the time the relevant property is acquired. This is
because it is the financial contribution of parties that is key. A resulting
trust, if any, crystalizes at the time the property is acquired: Lau Siew Kim
v Yeo Guan Chye Terence and another [2008] 2 SLR(R) 108 at [112] (“Lau Siew
Kim”). It is “in theory strictly based on the parties’ respective
contributions to the purchase price of the property”: Lau Siew Kim at [113]
(emphasis in original). Step (b), which seeks to answer directly what step (a)
can only approximate/presume by reference to the parties’ financial
contributions to the purchase, looks to identify the intentions of the parties
at the time of acquisition.

25 Here, the relevant point of acquisition was in 1989, when the gold bars
were first purchased. They were fully paid for then, and the financial
contribution of parties was made at that point. Any common intention analysed
under step (b) of the Chan Yuen Lan analysis must be that which was subsisting
at the time of the gold bar’s purchase. The common intention then was
undisputed. The gold bars were to be held jointly. The couple’s financial
contribution did not change in 2016 despite the change in legal status.
Therefore, their intention at that poinr in time is more appropriately
addressed at step (f) of the Chan Yuen Lan analysis.

26 Conversely, even where financial contribution changes between parties, so
long as parties remain the same, it is still important to consider the initial
agreement between parties at the time of acquisition, and in that specific
context, whether that initial agreement has changed. In Su Emmanuel v Emmanuel
Priya Ethel Anne and another [2016] 3 SLR 1222, for example, parties signed a
sale and purchase agreement for one Priya to purchase 49% of the property in
question. However, Priya serviced the mortgage on her own after the agreement,
resulting in her contributing 70% of the mortgage payments. The Court of
Appeal held that there was no “sufficient and compelling” evidence of any
change in the agreement between parties. Priya’s ownership interest remained
at 49%, and equitable accounting was used instead to take into account her
additional financial contribution. In contrast, where new parties enter the
fray, the analysis begins at that point: see, for example, BUE and another v
TZQ and another [2019] 3 SLR 1022 at [45] – [46] and Low Yin Ni and another v
Tay Yuen Wei Jaycie (formerly known as Tay Yeng Choo Jessy) and another [2020]
SGCA 58. This is a logical application of Lau Siew Kim. As envisaged at [24]
above, any resulting trust would crystallise at the point the new parties make
financial contribution; therefore, the intention of all relevant parties would
require to be ascertained at that point to determine if any trusts arise.

27 It follows, then, that the change in legal ownership in 2016 must be
considered as part of, and together with other evidence on, the question
whether under step (f) of the Chan Yuen Lan analysis, there was sufficient and
compelling evidence of a change in the operative agreement between Mr Sulistio
and Mdm Soemiati. Equity follows the law, as submitted by the defendants, “but
not slavishly or always”, per Cardozo J in Graf v Hope Building Corp (1920)
254 NY 1, 9. I turn, therefore, to the evidence at hand.

Analysis on the facts

28 Coming then, to what is “sufficient and compelling evidence”, Lord
Neuberger’s minority judgment in Stack v Dowden [2007] 2 AC 432 (which the
Court of Appeal in Chan Yuen Lan cited with approval at [153] – [159])
explained it (at [146]) as normally involving:

… discussions, statements or actions, which can fairly be said to imply a
positive intention to depart from [the original] apportionment…

29 The time period in question between the initial agreement in 1989 and Mr
Sulistio’s signing of the certificates in 2016 is almost 30 years. I consider
in turn the following to ascertain whether there was a change in the intention
of parties in that time: the context of the couple’s relationship; Mdm
Soemiati’s motivation for asking Mr Sulistio for his signature; Mr Sulistio’s
evidence as to his own intention; and events that occurred after the signing.

The contextual frame of the couple’s relationship in 2016

30 The defendants contend that the agreement was ultimately a reflection of Mr
Sulistio and Mdm Soemiati’s relationship at that time. According to Yena and
Yenny, the marital relationship had broken down as early as 2012. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Yenny’s AEIC dated 11 August 2020 (“Yenny’s AEIC”) at para 62; Yena’s AEIC
dated 11 August 2020 (“Yena’s AEIC”) at para 60.

At least one part of the explanation lay in her difficult relationship with Mr
Sulistio’s nurse, one Mr Lee Yan Wo (“Mr Lee”). According to Yetty, Mdm
Soemiati had been bullied and mistreated by Mr Lee but Mr Sulistio had not
done anything to help her or stand up for her. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Yetty’s AEIC dated 11 August 2020 (“Yetty’s AEIC”) at para 49.

This had upset Mdm Soemiati and put a strain on her relationship with Mr
Sulistio, eventually leading to her moving out to the 2502 Apartment with her
own live-in helper. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Yetty’s AEIC at para 50.

31 Mr Sulistio, on the other hand, insisted that the couple had an amicable
relationship up to the time of Mdm Soemiati’s death. According to Rudy, Mdm
Soemiati had merely moved to the 2502 Apartment in order to have the freedom
to play mah-jong with her friends. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Certified Transcript (22.09.2020) at p 57, line 18 to p 58, line 22.

Mr Lee testified that he had a good relationship with Mdm Soemiati. He
asserted it was with Yena with whom he quarrelled. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Certified Transcript (23.09.2020) at p 58, line 25 to p 59, line 6.

32 In my assessment, the couple’s relationship was not as smooth as Rudy and
Mr Sulistio made out. Rudy’s explanation for Mdm Soemiati’s move was not a
convincing one. Mdm Soemiati could have used the 2502 Apartment to play mah-
jong, she did not have to move apartments to do so. There was no evidence that
she was an avid mah-jong player, and it appeared that meals with friends were
hosted at Mr Sulistio’s apartment. Mr Lee’s testimony about his good
relationship with Mdm Soemiati was not convincing either. It was common ground
that there was an occasion where a quarrel involving Mr Lee became extremely
heated, during which security personnel from the apartment building were
summoned. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Yena’s AEIC at para 54; Certified Transcript (23.09.2020) at p 58, lines 18 –
24.

Yena testified that the dispute was between Mr Lee and her mother. Mr Lee’s
explanation (an explanation he offered for the first time when he was on the
stand) was that his argument had been with Yena and was about his being paid
mandatory contribution sums (the Hong Kong equivalent of our Central Provident
Fund). 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Certified Transcript (23.09.2020) at p 63, lines 12 – 23 and p 65, line 20 to
p 66, line 5.

I accept Yena’s version of events and evidence about the state of the
relationship between Mr Lee and her mother. Crucial light could have been shed
on this relationship by Mr Sulistio while he was on the stand, and yet he
chose not to answer the cross-examination head on, instead reiterating, more
than once, that he was “not sure” about Mr Lee’s relationship with Mdm
Soemiati. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Certified Transcript (29.09.2020) at p 11, lines 4 – 14.

33 In my view, Mdm Soemiati’s move to the 2502 Apartment was a reflection of
her compromise. The couple continued thereafter to have meals together, in
particular when family or friends visited (as stated in both Yena’s and Rudy’s
affidavits of evidence-in-chief), 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Yena’s AEIC at para 60; Rudy’s AEIC at para 38.

and travelled together in the years following Mdm Soemiati’s move to the 2502
Apartment. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

2AB 411 – 414.

The picture that emerged was complicated and this is the context which must be
borne in mind when considering the conflicting narratives advanced by parties
throughout trial. In particular, this context is crucial when examining the
contentions about surrounding events on, during and after the April 2016
signing.

Mdm Soemiati’s motivation and intention

34 The defendants contend that there was a compelling motive behind Mdm
Soemiati’s request for the gold bars, and an explanation as to why Mr Sulistio
acceded to the request. This was that Mdm Soemiati’s motivation in seeking the
gold bars was to guarantee financial security for herself. The joint funds
that she held with Mr Sulistio were being depleted because large sums of money
had been transferred to Rudy over the years. At the same time, Mdm Soemiati
was seriously ill with mounting medical expenses. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Certified Transcript (01.10.2020) at p 67, lines 17 – 22.

The defendants’ case was that she had concerns about her ability to continue
to afford private care.

35 As for Mr Sulistio, it was not disputed that he wanted Rudy appointed as
the couple’s representative in dealing with their assets in Indonesia. In
fact, Rudy had arranged for an Indonesian notary public to be flown to Hong
Kong to witness the signing of documents that would grant him power of
attorney over Mr Sulistio and Mdm Soemiati’s assets in Indonesia. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Yenny’s AEIC at para 53; Certified Transcript (01.10.2020) at p 65, lines 11 –
18.

However, Mdm Soemiati had refused to sign the documents. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Certified Transcript (02.10.2020) at p 20, lines 1 – 8.

Yena recounted the incident as follows: 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Certified Transcript (01.10.2020) at p 65, lines 10 to p 66, line 13.

… about four days or so before [an email sent on 26 March 2016], my mother,
all of a sudden, like, receive a phone call from my dad and said that Rudy had
sent a notary and she is at – she is show up already at the Hong Kong and –
the hotel next door. So she [sic] told my mum, “Be prepared, you need to sign
the power of attorney right now”, because the notary was there. So my mum was
freaking out, “You never tell me now the notary is at the door?” So she just
did not want to answer the phone. Phone ring off the hook… So my mother for
two days refused to go out and then after that, she will take the phone out…
For a couple of days, she did not want to take my dad’s phone call – did not
want to take my dad’s phone call, ignore him. Lock the door… Because she was
very frantic, she was upset; like, she was being pressured to do it.

36 Mdm Soemiati eventually answered the phone, resuming contact with her
husband. Mdm Soemiati signed the power of attorney, appointing and authorising
Rudy to deal with all of the couple’s joint assets in Indonesia. In exchange,
she was given the gold certificates. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Certified Transcript (01.10.2020) at p 66, line 13 to p 67, line 7.

Yena overheard the telephone conversation and recorded the agreement in an
email which was sent to her siblings (“the 26 March 2016 Email”), which read:
50

##### Foot Note 50

×

2 AB 437

Mum cannot bear the pressure anymore

Mum put the phone line back this afternoon and got a phone call from dad. Dad
told her the government would take the properties if they did not sign the
paper to Rudy

I think she would have dad signed [sic] the moos certificate in exchange for
the properties. what [sic] do you think? She seems happy about it and tell
[sic] dad to be on his own about his own expenses, Rudy can take care of him.
His rent, credit card, electric bill, parking, internet, phone bills, doctors,
food and workers will be on his own. Rudy can help out.

Yena explained in testimony that Mdm Soemiati used the term “moos certificate”
to refer to the gold certificates. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Transcript, 1 October 2020, p 71 lines 21 – 24.

37 In my view, the agreement as asserted by the defendants was a rational one
on the facts. First, it would have assuaged any reservations that Mdm Soemiati
might have had about involving Rudy with the couple’s joint assets. Rudy did
not challenge receiving some USD 7.2 million from 2010 to June 2016. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Transcript, 22 September 2020, p 70 lines 5 – 7

These amounts were collated by Yetty at Mdm Soemiati’s instruction because of
Mdm Soemiati’s concern over the dwindling of funds in the joint accounts she
managed. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

1AB 82 – 111.

She had expressed her concern about the depletion of the joint accounts to
both her husband and her children. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Certified Transcript (29.09.2020) at p 15, line 19 to p 16, line 7; Certified
Transcript (30.09.2020) at p 58, lines 18 – 23; Certified Transcript
(01.10.2020) at p 66, lines 16 – 19 and p 66, line 25 to p 67, line 7;
Certified Transcript (02.10.2020) at p 48, lines 12 – 25.

The defendants further contended that Mdm Soemiati did not trust Rudy. Yetty
gave unchallenged testimony that the last time Rudy had been authorized to
transact on behalf of his parents, he had been tardy about transferring the
proceeds from the sale of land to Mdm Soemiati and Mr Sulistio’s joint
accounts. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Certified Transcript (30.09.2020) at p 59, line 7 to p 60, line 17; Yetty’s
AEIC at para 59.

At least USD 1 million remained unaccounted for. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Yetty’s AEIC dated 11 August 2020 at para 59.

With the 22 gold bars, Mdm Soemiati effectively carved out for herself a
portion of the assets that was out of Rudy’s reach.

38 Second, the agreement would have ensured some degree of financial security
for Mdm Soemiati, giving her a reserve fund for private medical care. As Yetty
put it, 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Certified Transcript (01.10.2020) at p 66, line 19 to p 67, line 2.

[Mdm Soemiati] was worrying that in 2017 or the year to come, she can no
longer use the private hospital because she has no more money. So all this was
she wanted gold, because gold is liquid. You can just cash it out … So she is
happy that she is secure, the money that she can secure for her old days
because that’s what she wanted.

39 Third, the agreement was consonant with contemporaneous evidence. The 26
March 2016 Email described a deal struck between Mdm Soemiati and Mr Sulistio
(“[Mdm Soemiati] would have [Mr Sulistio] sign the [Original Gold
Certificates] in exchange for the properties”). 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

2AB 437.

It was also consistent with Yetty’s testimony about the events that transpired
when the notary public arrived in Hong Kong.

40 Taken together, these suggest that there had indeed been an agreement of
the sort set out by the defendants. The agreement would explain why Mdm
Soemiati had not disclosed the existence of the Will to Mr Sulistio, and took
pains to have the Will signed outside her apartment. Mr Sulistio had agreed to
give the gold bars to Mdm Soemiati. From her long experience with Mr Sulistio,
it would have been plain to Mdm Soemiati that Mr Sulistio would have been
deeply opposed to the Will’s content. Mr Sulistio’s supplementary affidavit of
evidence in chief stated: “If my wife had told me about her Will, I would not
have signed the gold certificates”. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Mr Sulistio’s Supplementary AEIC dated 11 September 2020 (“Mr Sulistio’s
Supplementary AEIC”) at para 6(c).

In cross-examination, he conceded that he disagreed with her choice of
beneficiaries and would not have wanted to give the gold bars to any of the
four defendants. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Transcript, 29 September, p.29, lines 34-5 and p.30 line 1.

Mdm Soemiati would not have disclosed the Will since it could have jeopardized
the agreement. The lack of disclosure does not affect their agreement,
however, as Mr Sulistio did not make his gift conditional in any way. He made
the gift in exchange for Mdm Soemiati’s cooperation with the notary.

41 The Will, too, is consistent with and provides contemporary evidence of the
agreement. First, it furnished a specific and consistent reason for Mdm
Soemiati’s omission to include Rudy:

I DECLARE that no share and interest of and in my personal and real property
of whatsoever nature will be given to my son RUDY SULISTIO upon my death as I
had given a large sum of money to my said son RUDY SULISTIO previously.

Second, the Will was signed on 31 March 2016, after the 26 March 2016
agreement. Her plans for the Will and the correspondence that accompanied the
drafting of the will showed that she had treated the gold bars as hers to deal
with as she wished. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

1AB 112 – 126.

Admittedly, this correspondence was between Mdm Soemiati’s lawyers and the
defendants (rather than with Mdm Soemiati herself). At first glance, it would
have been difficult to accept such correspondence as evidence of Mdm
Soemiati’s intentions, especially since the defendants were direct
beneficiaries of the will which they helped draft. Notwithstanding this, I
accept that the defendants were acting for Mdm Soemiati and that the
instructions they conveyed to her lawyers faithfully communicated Mdm
Soemiati’s intentions. This is for three reasons.

42 First, Mr Sulistio did not challenge the validity of the Will in these
proceedings. Second, Rudy and Mr Sulistio had attempted to challenge the
validity of the Will in another set of proceedings (the Hong Kong proceedings
described at [11] above). They failed. They had, among other things,
challenged Mdm Soemiati’s testamentary capacity, 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

2AB 289.

claimed that she “did not know of and/or approve the contents of the […] will”
63

##### Foot Note 63

×

2AB 289.

and suggested that the will had been “executed under the undue influence of
the [defendants]”. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

2AB 290.

I note that these issues were fully ventilated and both Rudy and Mr Sulistio
were given ample opportunities to provide evidence of (a) Mdm Soemiati’s
“questionable mental capacity” at the time the will was signed, 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

2AB 337 – 339.

(b) the “pressure” that had been supposedly exerted on Mdm Soemiati during the
time the will was being executed 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

2AB 340 – 348.

and (c) the negligence of Mdm Soemiati’s lawyers in preparing her will. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

2AB 340.

They failed to provide any evidence or particulars of their allegations even
after having been given a whole year to do so. Third, the Will was ultimately
signed by Mdm Soemiati. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

1AB 38.

Taken together, I accept that the defendants faithfully represented Mdm
Soemiati when the Will was being drafted and that Mdm Soemiati’s
interpretation of the couple’s joint intention was that the gold certificates
were hers to deal with as she saw fit.

43 Mdm Soemiati’s intention was therefore clear. Mdm Soemiati sought to gain
sole ownership of the gold bars. She was the one who had approached Mr
Sulistio to have the Original Gold Certificates signed. There was no other
reason for her to do this, since she would, on Mr Sulistio’s own case, have
been entitled to the gold bars if Mr Sulistio had pre-deceased her. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Certified Transcript (29.09.2020) at p 29, lines 6 – 8.

Instead, by effecting a transfer, she had taken active steps to remove the
gold bars from joint ownership and place them under her sole name. She wished
to secure the gold bars for her own purposes, and if she were to die without
using the gold bars, she wished to benefit the defendants.

What were Mr Sulistio’s intentions?

44 Mr Sulistio’s intentions, on the other hand, were less clear. On 22
December 2017, he stated that the gold bars had been held on trust for him by
Mdm Soemiati in the following terms: 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

2AB 449 – 450.

DECLARATION

I, SOEMARTO SULISTIO [Holder of Republic of Indonesia Passport No. A5417215
and Hong Kong Identity Card No. R314546(7)], herby [sic] confirm and declare
that the nature of transfer of all my relevant properties including but not
limited to gold and jewellaries [sic] to my wife SOEMIATI Alias SUMIATI
SULISTIO [Holder of Republic of Indonesia Passport No. W335018 and Hong Kong
Identity Card No. R314551(3)] prior to her demise was for her to hold on trust
for me; it was never a gift to her or to anyone, and there wasn’t any such
intention at all.

This document is hereby made as proof.

Dated this 22nd day of December 2017

45 I accept that this declaration, albeit belated, is admissible: Tan Yok Koon
v Tan Choo Suan and another and other appeals [2017] 1 SLR 654 at [110].
Nevertheless, Mr Sulistio’s explanation for the timing of the declarations not
convincing. He chose not to make the declaration at the time of his signing or
soon after, but when he was near death, in the intensive care unit of the
hospital. According to Mr Sulistio when he was cross-examined, this
declaration had been made to explain that the “nature of transfer of all [his]
relevant properties, including but not limited to gold and jewellery to [his]
wife prior to her demise was for her to hold on trust for [him]”. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Certified Transcript (29.09.2020) at p 39, lines 12 – 18.

He wanted to “spell things out clearly” 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Certified Transcript (29.09.2020) at p 40, line 19.

while his health still permitted 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Certified Transcript (29.09.2020) at p 40, lines 23 – 24.

and ensure that the gold bars were not left to the defendants. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Certified Transcript (29.09.2020) at p 42, lines 1 – 5.

While these statements explained that he did not want the defendants to
benefit from Mdm Soemiati’s bequest, it did not explain how the declaration
accurately reflected his intention in 2016.

46 To the contrary, the rest of the evidence belied his position in the
declaration and at trial. First, there was no denying the fact that he had
signed the Delivery Instructions for the Original Gold Certificates. This,
absent any indication otherwise, would suggest that he had intended to
transfer (both legal and beneficial) ownership of the gold bars.

47 Second, Mr Sulistio’s initial recollection, when he first brought the suit,
was that Mdm Soemiati’s name was in the delivery section. That initial
recollection indicated that in his mind, the gold certificates were already
signed to Mdm Soemiati. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

SOC (Amendment No 2) at para 16.

Parties discovered after the affidavits were exchanged, that at the time the
certificates were signed, the transferee’s name had not been filled out in the
delivery instruction section. This discovery did not assist his case, as the
effect of signing delivery instructions without specifying any transferees
explicitly was to give its holder a blank cheque to deal with the gold bars as
she wished. It was not disputed that the certificates were thereafter retained
by Mdm Soemiati.

48 Third, he has not contested the validity of the transfer itself. He has not
suggested that there had been any form of duress, undue influence, mistake or
unconscionability on Mdm Soemiati’s part. It was, in other words, a fully
voluntary and deliberate transfer of title. Further, there is no dispute that
the gold certificates, after Mr Sulistio signed, were thereafter kept in Mdm
Soemiati’s custody. As an experienced businessman, he was no doubt aware that
Mdm Soemiati could thereafter use the certificates at any time.

49 Fourth, Mr Sulistio was unable to offer a credible statement of his own
intentions. Over the course of trial, Mr Sulistio advanced various
explanations for why he signed the Delivery Instructions for the Original Gold
Certificates. I found none of them convincing:

(a) In his first affidavit of evidence-in-chief, he stated that he had signed
the gold bars away because Mdm Soemiati had been “concerned about the state of
[his] health and wanted [him] to sign the gold bars to her name so that she
could be assured the gold bars would go to her after [his] death”. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Mr Sulistio’s AEIC dated 21 August 2020 at para 23.

The need for Mdm Soemiati to be assured about her inheritance after his death
made no sense. The certificates were already in their joint names. If Mr
Sulistio had pre-deceased Mdm Soemiati, the gold bars would have been Mdm
Soemiati’s under the principle of survivorship. He conceded as much during
cross-examination: 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Certified Transcript (29.09.2020) at p 29, lines 6 – 17.

Q: If you had died before your wife, would you have wanted her to get the gold
certificates?

A: Yes, if I pass on before her, the gold will be hers.

Q: You would agree, Mr Sulistio, that because you were joint owner of the gold
certificates with your wife, if you died before her, she would automatically
get the gold certificates; correct?

A: Yes.

Q: If that’s the case, Mr Sulistio, would you agree it doesn’t make any sense
for her to ask you to sign on the gold certificates?

A: Agree.

(b) In his supplementary affidavit of evidence-in-chief, Mr Sulistio did not
discuss his likely demise but averred that Mdm Soemiati had been “concerned
about the state of [his] health and wanted [him] to sign the gold
certificates. [Mdm Soemiati] did not ask me to give the gold certificates to
her.” 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Mr Sulistio’s Supplementary AEIC at paras 6(b) and (d)

In effect, Mr Sulistio’s explanation was that he had signed the documents
because his wife had told him to do so. The suggestion was that Mr Sulistio
had pliantly signed the documents without enquiring or asking Mdm Soemiati to
explain herself. I find this unbelievable, especially since Mr Sulistio
himself admitted that he had been surprised by this request, 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

Certified Transcript (29.09.2020) at p 23, lines 8 – 10.

and that Mdm Soemiati had not been in the habit of asking him to sign
documents. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Certified Transcript (29.09.2020) at p 24, lines 1 – 3.

In cross-examination, he conceded that his excuse, “[at] that time, my health
was not the best” was not cogent, and what he proffered as her reasons was
speculative on his part, as Mdm Soemiati had not expressed any such concerns
to him: 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Certified Transcript (29.09.2020) at p 24, line 12 to p 25, line 9.

Q: Mr Sulistio, you have just testified that you were surprised when your wife
asked you to sign on the gold certificates in April 2016. If you were
surprised by her request, why did you sign on the gold certificates?

A: At that time, my health was not the best.

Q: But you also never asked her for a reason why she wanted you to sign the
gold certificates; correct?

A: Yes.

Q: Mr Sulistio, what does your poor health have anything to do with signing
the gold certificates for your wife?

A: Because I was in poor health so she asked me to sign

Q: Did your wife tell you that because of your poor health, she wanted you to
sign the gold certificates?

A: This was probably her intention.

Q: No, Mr Sulistio, my question is very clear. Let me repeat it to you. Did
your wife tell you she wanted you to sign the gold certificates because of
your poor health? Did she tell you?

A: She didn’t say so.

[emphasis in italics added]

(c) Mr Sulistio’s inability to explain is illustrated by his final iteration:
“I signed to prove the gold was mine”. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

Certified Transcript (29.09.2020) at p 25, line 17.

This was clearly contrary to the effect of his signature. Mr Sulistio is not
claiming that this had been a mistake and has not contested the validity of
the transfer either. Pressed even further about the plausibility of this
answer, he returned to his earlier explanation: “because my wife asked me to
sign”. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

Certified Transcript (29.09.2020) at p 26, lines 13 – 17.

50 Therefore, Mr Sulistio could not give any coherent reason as to why the
intention between Mdm Soemiati and him remained the same, despite all the
indications that a new agreement between parties had arisen.

51 I deal, finally, with Rudy’s explanation in support of Mr Sulistio’s case
that their intention remained one of joint benefit with the right of
survivorship. Rudy asserted that the transfer had merely reproduced the same
state of affairs that would have arisen if Mr Sulistio had pre-deceased Mdm
Soemiati. Mdm Soemiati, expecting to outlive Mr Sulistio, had simply asked for
the transfer as early, prospective assurance of what would have happened
anyway. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

Rudy’s AEIC at para 49.

Rudy averred that Mdm Soemiati would not have needed to rely on the gold bars
for her financial needs - the gold was only a small component of the couple’s
fortune and Mdm Soemiati was the joint owner of all of the couple’s wealth.
This ignores the defendants’ evidence that Mdm Soemiati was concerned about
Rudy depleting the joint assets she shared with Mr Sulistio. The size of the
fortune was not important to Mdm Soemiati. Her object was to secure funds for
private care for the rest of her life. Her gift to the defendants was on the
contingency that she no longer needed the extra fund. It would not have been
her main motivation, because she was aware that Mr Sulistio had distributed
much of his assets in 2007 to his children. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

Certified Transcript (30.09.2020) at p 52, line 25 to p 53, line 3; Certified
Transcript (01.10.2020) at p 44, lines 16 – 21.

In any event, if she were to outlive Mr Sulistio, any part of his fortune left
to her would pass to the defendants as well under the Will’s residuary clause.
86

##### Foot Note 86

×

1AB 37 – 39.

The gold bars were specifically mentioned, in the same vein as her jewellery,
because she was their sole owner.

52 In my judgment, Mr Sulistio did intend to gift ownership of the gold bars
to Mdm Soemiati. This was their common intention in 2016. He did so because
that was the condition Mdm Soemiati imposed for her signature on the power of
attorney for Rudy to deal with their Indonesian land. His signature on the
gold certificates was not a neutral action and had legal effect - of which he
has not pleaded he was unaware - and was in itself sufficient and compelling
evidence. The onus was on him to explain why parties’ operative agreement
remained unchanged despite the change in legal status, and his explanation at
trial did not pass muster. Events subsequent to the signing support the same
conclusion, and I turn to these.

Circumstances after April 2016

53 Mdm Soemiati followed up with a trip to UOB in Singapore to finalise the
transfer of the gold bars to herself. According to the defendants, Mdm
Soemiati had informed Mr Sulistio about her trip to Singapore and her purpose
to transfer of the gold certificates to her name. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

Yena’s AEIC at para 98.

Mr Sulistio professed not to know even about the trip, but this was highly
unlikely in view of the fact that the couple had meals together and lived in
the same building. Of relevance was the fact that Mdm Soemiati listed the 4601
Apartment as the official address on the New Gold Certificates. This was a
different address from that used for the Original Gold Certificates, and a
different address from her own 2502 Apartment. The original ones listed
Yenny’s American address 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

1AB 1 – 12.

and arrangements were put in place for Yenny to manage the bank correspondence
which would be posted to her address. In much the same way, Mdm Soemiati knew
that the bank would send any administrative instructions, including bills for
custodian fees, 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

Yenny’s AEIC at para 67.

pertaining to the New Gold Certificates to the 4601 Apartment. According to
Yena, this was no mistake. When queried by Yena as to why she did not list the
2502 Apartment, Mdm Soemiati explained that she had nothing to hide as the
gold bars had been given to her. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

Certified Transcript (01.10.2020) at p 120, lines 13 – 17.

54 In my view, two subsequent events confirm that Mr Sulistio had accepted the
financial segregation contemplated in the agreement. First, after 24 June
2016, Yena, who previously assisted her mother with the couple’s financial
matters, found that the lock to the mailbox at the 4601 Apartment had been
changed. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

Certified Transcript (01.10.2020) at p 48, line 13 to p 49, line 2.

She was thereafter denied access to the mailbox. The 4601 Apartment’s mailbox,
once the receptacle for any correspondence concerning the couple’s jointly
owned assets, was now closed to Yena. Second, a power of attorney was
subsequently executed, appointing and authorizing Rudy to liaise and transact
on behalf of the couple’s joint assets. Crucially, all proceeds were to be
remitted to Mr Sulistio’s bank account in Hong Kong. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

2AB 442.

The decision to remit proceeds to Mr Sulistio’s account was deliberate.
Earlier drafts of the power of attorney showed that the original intention had
been to remit proceeds directly to the couple’s joint account. In my view, the
fact that Mdm Soemiati agreed to this change was consistent with my finding
that the couple had made a new agreement regarding their assets.

55 Mr Sulistio averred in his statement of claim (and the defendants
acknowledged in their defence) that he paid for all of Mdm Soemiati’s final
hospital expenses. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 2) at para 23; Defence (Amendment No 2) at
para 27.

The implication here was that there could not have been any agreement to
segregate the couple’s financial assets if the relationship had been amicable
enough for Mr Sulistio to foot Mdm Soemiati’s entire medical bill. I do not
agree that such an inference may be drawn. As stated above at [32], I find
that the relationship between the parties was a complex one, in which they
remained dutiful to each other despite their obvious disagreements. Mdm
Soemiati did not seek to alienate her children from Mr Sulistio, even as the
couple had their differences. On Yetty’s evidence, “[g]o pay a visit to your
father” was her instruction to the children when they came to stay with her;
she would also accompany them to the 4601 Apartment when they did so. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

Transcript 30 September 2020 p 28 lines 10 – 14.

Although she moved out of the 4601 Apartment, this was to a unit in the same
building. The couple continued to meet for meals with friends in his apartment
and travelled together. To be clear, Mdm Soemiati did not question Mr
Sulistio’s desire to provide for her for the rest of his life. Mdm Soemiati’s
concern in 2016, rather, was to ensure that the diversion of money to Rudy
would not deplete the couple’s joint accounts beyond what would be sufficient
to provide for her private health care.

56 In my view, the agreement between Mdm Soemiati and Mr Sulistio to allow
Rudy to manage the land in exchange for the transfer of the gold bars to her
could rationally exist side by side with, and indeed explained, their
continuing relationship with each other. The agreement they reached was a
compromise. It put into the past a source of tension for Mdm Soemiati, after
which she no longer worried about Rudy dealing with the Indonesian land and
felt secure about her financial future. The couple were able to move forward
on this basis. Mr Sulistio’s daily visits to her each day in hospital near the
end of her life and his choosing to pay for her final hospital expenses are
easily reconcilable with their mutual devotion to each other in the course of
a marriage that weathered complex issues over many decades.

Rationalising the 2018 declaration

57 Viewed in context of the events prior to Mdm Soemiati’s passing, the 2018
declaration is anomalous and is best explained as Mr Sulistio’s reaction to
the contents of her Will. Nevertheless, once the certificates were gifted to
Mdm Soemiati, they were hers to deal with as she pleased. No conditions or
terms were put on his gift to her, and therefore her silence in respect of her
will does not affect the gift. While his legal case has been run on the basis
that each party would leave his or her property to his or her spouse upon
death, that assumption arose from the joint ownership of the gold bars. That
joint ownership was specifically changed in 2016.

Conclusion

58 In my view, the existence of the agreement, paired with the signing of the
Original Gold Certificates, adequately fulfils the requirement of “sufficient
and compelling evidence”. As such, I find that the subsequent common intention
of the parties in 2016 had been to transfer both beneficial and legal
ownership of the gold bars to Mdm Soemiati. Accordingly, I dismiss Mr
Sulistio’s claims. I shall hear counsel on costs.

Valerie Thean  
Judge

Tan Yew Cheng (Tan YC Law Practice) for the plaintiff;

Basil Ong Kah Liang and Kerri Tan Kheng Ling (PK Wong & Nair LLC) for the
first, second, fourth and fifth defendant;

the third defendant unrepresented.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 07 Jan 2021 (16:37 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

