Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC 31

Originating Summons No 891 of 2020 (Summons No 4887 of 2020)

Between

Syed Suhail bin Syed Zin  
---  
  
… Applicant

And

Attorney-General  
---  
  
… Respondent

judgment

[Constitutional Law] — [Judicial review]

[Constitutional Law] — [Equal protection of the law]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Syed Suhail bin Syed Zin

  
v

  

Attorney-General

[2021] SGHC 31

General Division of the High Court — Originating Summons No 891 of 2020
(Summons No 4887 of 2020)  
See Kee Oon J  
30 November 2020

8 February 2021 Judgment reserved.

See Kee Oon J:

Introduction

1 The applicant, Syed Suhail bin Syed Zin, is a prisoner awaiting capital
punishment. He was granted leave by the Court of Appeal to commence judicial
review proceedings in CA 155/2020, solely on the ground of his challenge
against the scheduling of his execution ostensibly ahead of other prisoners
similarly awaiting capital punishment. Accordingly, he filed the application
in the present summons for a prohibiting order to stay his impending execution
under O 53 r 1 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed) (“ROC”).

2 Having considered the parties’ submissions, I dismiss the application. I set
out my reasons for doing so below.

Background and procedural history

Trial, appeal and scheduling of execution

3 On 2 December 2015, the applicant was convicted and sentenced to the
mandatory death penalty for trafficking in not less than 38.84g of diamorphine
under the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed) (“MDA”). The facts of the
case are set out in Public Prosecutor v Syed Suhail bin Syed Zin [2016] SGHC 8
(“Syed Suhail (HC)”). On 18 October 2018, the applicant’s appeal in CA/CCA
38/2015 against his conviction and sentence was dismissed by the Court of
Appeal.

4 On 5 July 2019, the applicant was notified that his petition for clemency
had been rejected. On 20 January 2020, the President of the Republic of
Singapore (the “President”), acting pursuant to s 313(f) of the Criminal
Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed) (“CPC”), ordered the sentence of death
imposed on the applicant to be carried out on 7 February 2020. On 5 February
2020, the President ordered a respite of the execution pending any further
order. This order was made pending the outcome of a separate application for
judicial review in relation to an alleged unlawful method of execution. This
application was dismissed in Gobi a/l Avedian and another v Attorney-General
and another appeal [2020] 2 SLR 883 (“Gobi (JR)”) on 13 August 2020 and the
scheduling of execution of sentences of death resumed thereafter. Following
the resolution of Gobi (JR), on 8 September 2020, the President issued a new
order for the applicant to be executed on 18 September 2020.

Review applications taken out by the applicant

5 Shortly before his scheduled date of execution, the applicant (through his
counsel Mr Ravi s/o Madasamy (“Mr Ravi”)) made two applications. First, on 16
September 2020, he commenced OS 891/2020 seeking leave to apply for a
prohibiting order for the stay of his execution pending the outcome of the
application (the “Judicial Review Leave Application”). Second, on 17 September
2020, he commenced CA/CM 28/2020, seeking leave under s 394H of the CPC to
review his conviction as well as to reopen his case for resentencing (the
“Criminal Review Application”). I will briefly set out the proceedings of
these applications.

Judicial Review Leave Application

6 The Judicial Review Leave Application was accompanied by a statement made
pursuant to O 53 r 1(2) of the ROC and an affidavit filed on the applicant’s
behalf by Mr Ravi (“Mr Ravi’s 1st affidavit”). Leave was sought on two
grounds:

(a) First, the President’s power to grant clemency under Art 22P(1) of the
Constitution of the Republic of Singapore (1985 Rev Ed, 1999 Reprint)
(“Constitution”) had fallen into disuse and had been extinguished. Further,
due to a blanket policy to deny clemency petitions for all drug-related
matters, the applicant’s petition had not been individually considered.
Therefore, the applicant’s right under Art 9 of the Constitution had been
violated.

(b) Second, the scheduling of executions should follow the sequence in which
offenders had been sentenced to death. The failure to follow this sequence
deprived the applicant of time to adduce new evidence to seek to have his
conviction reopened. Further, the applicant had been discriminated against on
the ground of his nationality as a Singaporean, as the execution of non-
Singaporeans had been halted until the re-opening of Singapore’s borders due
to the COVID-19 pandemic. As such, the applicant’s rights to equal protection
under both Art 12(1) and (2) of the Constitution had been violated (the
“scheduling ground”).

7 I dismissed the Judicial Review Leave Application on 17 September 2020 and
granted a stay of execution pending the applicant’s appeal against my
decision.

8 The applicant’s appeal against my refusal to grant leave was heard by the
Court of Appeal in CA 155/2020 (the “Judicial Review Leave Appeal”) on 22
September and 23 October 2020. After the hearing on 22 September, the court
posed several questions for the parties to address before it would come to a
decision on whether to grant leave to commence judicial review proceedings.
One such question was whether a prisoner awaiting capital punishment had a
legitimate legal expectation that the date on which his sentence is to be
carried out will not result in his being treated differently as compared to
other prisoners who are not similarly situated. Both parties filed further
submissions in respect of the questions posed by the court. The respondent
also filed an affidavit affirmed by Mr Lim Zhi Yang (“Mr Lim”), a Senior
Director in the Policy Development Division of the Ministry of Home Affairs
(“MHA”), on 29 September 2020 (“Mr Lim’s 1st affidavit”) in support of their
submissions.

9 On 23 October 2020, after hearing the parties’ submissions, the Court of
Appeal granted the applicant leave to commence judicial review proceedings
solely on the scheduling ground. The court’s full grounds of decision were
issued on 23 December 2020 in Syed Suhail bin Syed Zin v Attorney-General
[2020] SGCA 122 (“Syed Suhail (Judicial Review Leave Appeal)”). For present
purposes, two salient points from that decision need to be set out here. The
first pertains to the legal principles applicable when assessing a potential
breach of Art 12(1), and the second to a comparator raised by the applicant
who had been sentenced to death before him, but whose execution had not yet
been scheduled at the time he was slated to be executed (ie, 18 September
2020).

10 First, in relation to whether there was a breach of Art 12(1), the court
stated that the right to equal protection is “based on impermissible
differential treatment” (Syed Suhail (Judicial Review Leave Appeal) at [49]).
In determining whether differential treatment is impermissible, the court held
that the test to be applied is “not as high as deliberate and arbitrary
discrimination” (at [60]–[61]), thus clarifying passages in Eng Foong Ho and
others v Attorney-General [2009] 2 SLR(R) 542 (“Eng Foong Ho”) at [30] and
Muhammad Ridzuan bin Mohd Ali v Attorney-General [2015] 5 SLR 1222 (“Ridzuan”)
at [49]. Instead, the applicant would need to show that he “could be
considered to be equally situated” as the person with whom comparisons are
made such that differential treatment would require justification. If the
applicant can discharge this evidential burden, the respondent would then be
called upon to justify the differential treatment (at [61]):

… the first limb of this test (the applicant’s evidential burden) corresponded
to an assessment of whether the persons in question could be said to be
equally situated such that any differential treatment required justification,
and the second limb of the test (when the evidential burden shifted) amounted
to the question of whether the differential treatment was reasonable – meaning
whether it was based on “legitimate reasons” which made the differential
treatment “proper”. There are readily available standards by which
reasonableness can be assessed in this context: the rationale for differential
treatment can be legitimate only if it bears a sufficient rational relation to
the object for which the power was conferred. In more straightforward cases,
it may also be possible to discern a lack of legitimate reasons if the
differential treatment is based on plainly irrelevant considerations or is the
result of applying inconsistent standards or policies without good reason.

11 The court further stated at [62] that:

In short, whether the scheduling of the appellant’s execution in the present
case breached Art 12(1) would turn on: (1) whether it resulted in the
appellant being treated differently from other equally situated persons; and
(2) whether this differential treatment was reasonable in that it was based on
legitimate reasons. Under this test, the notion of being equally situated is
therefore an analytical tool used to isolate the purported rationale for
differential treatment, so that its legitimacy may then be assessed properly.

[emphasis in original]

12 The court went on to explain that in respect of the first limb, prisoners
may prima facie be regarded as equally situated once their clemency petitions
had been rejected and before their executions had been scheduled (Syed Suhail
(Judicial Review Leave Appeal) at [64] and [66]). The court held that
“prisoners have a legitimate legal expectation under Art 12(1) that they be
treated equally in the scheduling of their executions, and any departure from
equal treatment ought to be justified by legitimate reasons”. As for what
would constitute ‘equal treatment’, the court accepted the position advanced
by the MHA in Mr Lim’s 1st affidavit, that being, “all else being equal,
prisoners whose executions arise for scheduling should be executed in the
order in which they were sentenced to death”. In respect of the second limb,
the court made no conclusive determination as to what legitimate reasons would
justify differential treatment. It did however, recognise that some
flexibility would be necessary in the scheduling of executions, but that such
flexibility must be lawfully exercised (at [72]).

13 In addition, the court rejected the applicant’s attempt to establish a
right under Art 12(1) on the basis that new evidence might emerge thus
enabling him to file a further challenge to reopen his conviction. The court
made clear that the applicant’s legal expectation under Art 12(1) in relation
to the scheduling of his execution “derived from a much more concrete
interest… of not having his death sentence carried out on a date which was
decided without due regard to his constitutional rights” (at [68]).

14 Second, I now turn to a comparator raised by Mr Ravi only before the Court
of Appeal. It was stated in Mr Lim’s 1st affidavit at [11] that the applicant
was the first offender whose execution was scheduled to be carried out
following the resolution of Gobi (JR). This scheduling was also stated to have
been done in accordance with certain prerequisites and supervening policy
considerations, including “the dates on which the sentences of death were
pronounced on offenders” (Mr Lim’s 1st affidavit at [6]–[9]). However, the
court highlighted an unexplained inconsistency between Mr Lim’s 1st affidavit
and the known facts. In Mr Lim’s 1st affidavit, he averred at [12] that:

At the time the execution of the sentence of death on the Appellant was
scheduled, all supervening factors based on policy considerations that applied
to the Appellant had been resolved, and as compared to all the other offenders
in the same position as he was (i.e. offenders whose legal and clemency
processes had been completed and for whom all applicable supervening factors
based on policy considerations had been resolved), the Appellant was the first
to be sentenced to death.

[emphasis added]

Contrary to this, and in support of the scheduling ground, Mr Ravi orally
submitted that one Datchinamurthy a/l Kataiah (“Datchinamurthy”) had been
sentenced to death before the applicant, but his date of execution had yet to
be fixed at the time of the applicant’s then-scheduled date of execution of 18
September 2020. Mr Ravi did not raise this fact in the Judicial Review Leave
Application before me and had only done so at the hearing on 22 September 2020
before the Court of Appeal (Syed Suhail (Judicial Review Leave Appeal) at
[16]). Datchinamurthy’s death sentence had been upheld on appeal and his
clemency petition had also been rejected. As Datchinamurthy was one of the
prisoners who brought the application which was rejected in Gobi (JR), the
scheduling of executions of the applicant and Datchinamurthy would have arisen
at the same time following the resolution of Gobi (JR).

15 As such, it appeared that Datchinamurthy and the applicant were equally
situated, and Datchinamurthy should have been scheduled for execution earlier
than the applicant. There was thus an apparent inconsistency on the face of
the record between the MHA’s assertion that the applicant was the “first to be
sentenced to death” amongst all equally situated prisoners and the fact that
Datchinamurthy’s execution had not been scheduled. As no other differentiating
factors were put forth by the respondent to justify the differential treatment
of the applicant and Datchinamurthy (Syed Suhail (Judicial Review Leave
Appeal) at [75] and [76]), the court held that the applicant had met the low
bar of showing a prima facie case of reasonable suspicion that he had been
treated differently from another equally situated prisoner without any
legitimate reasons. Leave was therefore granted for the applicant to commence
judicial review proceedings solely on the scheduling ground.

Criminal Review Application

16 The Court of Appeal heard the Criminal Review Application on 22 September
2020 together with the Judicial Review Leave Appeal. On 16 October 2020, the
court dismissed the Criminal Review Application. Its full reasons are set out
in Syed Suhail bin Syed Zin v Public Prosecutor [2020] SGCA 101 (“Syed Suhail
(Criminal Review)”).

17 The two grounds on which the applicant made the Criminal Review Application
(Syed Suhail (Criminal Review) at [11]) are not particularly relevant to the
issues before me, save that: (a) they both turned on whether new evidence
could be adduced as well as their materiality; and consequently (b) they did
not rely on any change in the law that could impact the applicant’s present
case. I will return to these points when I consider whether the applicant is
equally situated with Datchinamurthy as well as another comparator Mr Ravi
raised in the hearing before me on 30 November 2020.

Preliminary issue

18 Before I consider the substantive issues, a preliminary point regarding
whether the applicant identified the appropriate party in seeking relief ought
to be addressed. The respondent submitted in the present summons, as he did in
the Judicial Review Leave Application before me, that the applicant’s
application for a prohibiting order against the Singapore Prison Service
(“SPS”) was misconceived. In the scheduling of executions, it is well-settled
that the SPS acts pursuant to a warrant issued under the seal of the Supreme
Court which sets out the time and place of execution prescribed by a
corresponding order of the President. The President in turn acts in accordance
with the advice of the Cabinet or of a Minister acting under the general
authority of the Cabinet.

19 I note that the respondent repeated their submissions as they did not have
the benefit of the Court of Appeal’s full reasons before appearing before me
on 30 November 2020. Nevertheless, this issue has already been considered and
determined. The Court of Appeal held that in relation to the scheduling
ground, the applicant’s complaints against the SPS should correctly be
understood as complaints against a decision taken by the Cabinet, since the
SPS’s letter to the applicant stating the date on which his execution was
scheduled had in fact conveyed a decision made by the Cabinet (Syed Suhail
(Judicial Review Leave Appeal) at [29]).

20 I therefore proceed to consider the substantive merits of the present
application for judicial review on this basis.

Issues before this court

21 As the Court of Appeal had only granted leave to the applicant to commence
judicial review proceedings in relation to the scheduling ground, the issues
arising for determination before this court are whether there has been a
violation of Art 12 in two respects:

(a) In respect of Art 12(1), whether the applicant was subject to
impermissible differential treatment vis-à-vis other prisoners who were
sentenced earlier than him and who have had their clemency petitions rejected,
but whose execution had not been scheduled at the point when his date of
execution was scheduled (the “sequence of execution argument”); and

(b) In respect of both Art 12(1) and (2), whether the applicant had been
discriminated against as a Singaporean vis-à-vis non-Singaporeans by virtue of
having his date of execution allegedly scheduled earlier as a result of the
COVID-19 pandemic (the “nationality argument”).

Parties’ submissions

22 In support of the present summons, Mr Ravi filed an affidavit on behalf of
the applicant dated 6 November 2020 (“Mr Ravi’s 2nd affidavit”). The
respondent filed a reply affidavit on 20 November 2020 (“Mr Lim’s 2nd
affidavit), both to address the alleged inconsistency in Mr Lim’s 1st
affidavit and in response to Mr Ravi’s 2nd affidavit.

The applicant’s submissions

23 In relation to the sequence of execution argument, the applicant advanced a
few broad arguments. I have reordered them in such sequence as to follow their
logical progression:

(a) First, “all drug offenders sentenced to death” fell within the same class
and thus ought to be treated equally.

(b) Second, being treated equally in the present context requires that the
scheduling of executions follows the sequence in which the prisoners were
sentenced so as to not deprive them of time to adduce new evidence to reopen
their conviction.

(c) Third, within this class in which the applicant fell, there were other
prisoners who had been sentenced earlier than him but whose executions had not
been scheduled. In addition to Datchinamurthy, the applicant further
highlighted that another prisoner, one Masoud Rahimi bin Mehrzad (“Masoud”),
had also been sentenced to death before the applicant but his date of
execution had yet to be scheduled. Masoud’s case was not raised before the
Court of Appeal, but only to me in Mr Ravi’s 2nd affidavit at [11].

(d) Fourth and consequently, the order in which the execution of prisoners’
sentences was scheduled did not share a logical nexus with the order in which
they were sentenced, and thus the applicant’s constitutional right under Art
12(1) had been breached.

24 In relation to the nationality argument, the applicant submitted that he
had been discriminated against as a result of an “exercise of expediency”,
thus violating his right to equal protection under Art 12(1) of the
Constitution. According to the applicant, Singaporeans were being executed
first while the execution of death sentences for non-Singaporeans (among whom
only Datchinamurthy had been identified) was being halted till the reopening
of Singapore’s borders in view of the COVID-19 situation. This was allegedly
because non-Singaporeans awaiting capital punishment would face difficulties
with having access to their family members and problems might also arise in
the repatriation of their mortal remains. In addition, such discrimination
against him based on nationality violated Art 12(2) of the Constitution, which
expressly provides that there shall be no discrimination against citizens of
Singapore on the ground only of place of birth, in connection with certain
stipulated categories.

The respondent’s submissions

25 In relation to the sequence of execution argument, the respondent submitted
that there was no statutory provision requiring that the execution of
sentences on offenders sentenced to death be carried out in the same sequence
in which the sentences were imposed. Further, even if there were such a
requirement, the scheduling of the execution of sentences of death was carried
out in a principled and rational manner, having regard to whether different
supervening factors based on policy considerations that apply to different
offenders have been resolved. In Mr Lim’s 2nd affidavit, he stated at [7] that
scheduling of the execution of the sentence of death is done by reference to
the resolution of various supervening factors based on policy considerations,
including:

(a) the dates on which the sentences of death were pronounced on offenders;

(b) the determination of any court proceedings affecting the offender (other
than the proceedings which have to be concluded before the MHA will commence
the scheduling of his execution, such as his appeal against his conviction
and/or sentence), whether or not the offender is a litigant in those
proceedings (eg, confiscation proceedings under the Corruption, Drug
Trafficking and Other Serious Crimes (Confiscation of Benefits) Act (Cap 65A,
2000 Rev Ed), forfeiture proceedings under the MDA, or proceedings in which
the offender’s testimony may be required);

(c) whether there are co-offenders sentenced to death. Where co-offenders have
been sentenced to death, the execution of the sentences will be scheduled on
the same date;

(d) whether the offender had previously been scheduled to have his sentence
carried out, though such sequencing in such situations may not always be
possible, when for example, it is difficult to change the existing schedules;
and

(e) the availability of judges to hear any legal application by the offender
before the intended date for the execution of the sentence.

26 The above factors were also set out at [7] of Mr Lim’s 1st affidavit. In
this regard, the respondent submitted that Datchinamurthy and Masoud were not,
at the time when the applicant’s execution was scheduled, in the same position
as the applicant. This was because they were not offenders in respect of whom
all supervening factors based on policy considerations, which affected the
scheduling of executions of sentence, had been resolved. The MHA was aware, at
the point of scheduling the execution of the applicant’s sentence, that the
Attorney-General’s Chambers (“AGC”) would be reviewing Datchinamurthy and
Masoud’s cases following the Court of Appeal’s determination of CA/CM 3/2020
(Gobi a/l Avedian v Public Prosecutor [2020] SGCA 102 (“Gobi (CM)”)).
Datchinamurthy and Masoud were therefore offenders whose cases were affected
by the determination of court proceedings in which they were not litigants,
and they therefore did not fall into the same class of offenders as the
applicant for purposes of scheduling the execution of sentences.

27 In relation to the nationality argument, the respondent submitted that the
applicant had not provided evidence for his assertion that the execution of
death sentences for non-Singaporeans had been halted. Mr Lim averred at [8] of
his 1st and 2nd affidavits that nationality is not a factor considered in the
scheduling of the execution of sentences of death. Even though the applicant
had notice of this point, which had been disclosed during the appeal hearing,
he did not challenge this in Mr Ravi’s 2nd affidavit filed in the present
summons. Further, for offenders whose death sentences had been scheduled, the
government will make arrangements to facilitate access to their family members
residing overseas ([13] of Mr Lim’s 1st and 2nd affidavits). The imposition of
COVID-19 restrictions had also not presented any difficulties to the
repatriation of mortal remains abroad ([22] of Mr Lim’s 2nd affidavit).
Accordingly, the respondent submitted that the applicant’s belief that
nationality was taken into account in the scheduling of an offender’s date of
execution had been conclusively refuted by Mr Lim’s affidavits.

My decision

Test to be applied in respect of Art 12(1)

28 The test to be applied when determining whether there was a breach of Art
12(1) was in dispute in the present case. The applicant submitted that he was
relying on the principle set out in the case of Ong Ah Chuan and another v
Public Prosecutor [1979–1980] SLR(R) 710 (“Ong Ah Chuan”) at [35] that
“[e]quality before the law and equal protection of the law require[d] that
like should be compared with like”, and that this principle had been endorsed
in Ramalingam Ravinthran v Attorney-General [2012] 2 SLR 49 (“Ramalingam”) at
[61]. The applicant then cited [62] of Ramalingam  in support of his position
that he, Datchinamurthy and Masoud were ‘like’ and should thus have been
treated alike. At [62] of Ramalingam, the court stated that “[w]hat a class of
offenders defined in penal legislation have in common is that they all fulfil
the specified ingredients of the same criminal offence”. Relying on this, the
applicant submitted that, by analogy, the class of offenders which he,
Datchinamurthy and Masoud came within would be all drug offenders who had been
sentenced to death.

29 The respondent orally submitted in response that the applicant had
mischaracterised the court’s holding at [62] of Ramalingam. The court at [62]
of Ramalingam was simply referencing Ong Ah Chuan to explain how Art 12(1)
applied in the context of determining the constitutionality of penal
legislation. Indeed, the court expressly drew a distinction between the
legislative and executive contexts (Ramalingam at [61]). In the present case,
the respondent submitted that the court was not concerned with the
constitutionality of legislation, but rather administrative or executive
action. Therefore, the appropriate test for determining whether Art 12(1) has
been breached in the context of administrative action was that set out at [49]
of Ridzuan referencing Public Prosecutor v Ang Soon Huat [1990] 2 SLR(R) 246
at [23], namely, whether there was “deliberate and arbitrary discrimination
against a particular person”, and where arbitrariness “implies the lack of any
rationality”. The respondent submitted that the test of deliberate and
arbitrary discrimination was also applied in Eng Foong Ho.

30 Notwithstanding various specific references to arbitrary and capricious
decision-making in Mr Ravi’s 2nd affidavit (see [14], [19] and [21]), the
applicant clarified in oral submissions that he was not in fact alleging
arbitrariness but was instead relying on Ong Ah Chuan and Ramalingam to
advance the broader proposition that persons who are equally situated had the
right to be equally treated.

31 Article 12(1) states:

12.–(1) All persons are equal before the law and entitled to the equal
protection of the law.

32 The general principle, that like should be compared with like, applies to
all acts of the State, whether legislative or executive (Ramalingam at [61]).
The proper test to be applied must turn on the specific application or
formulation of this general principle in the given context. The Court of
Appeal in Syed Suhail (Judicial Review Leave Appeal) clarified the test to be
adopted in determining whether there has been a breach of Art 12(1) on the
basis that there was impermissible differential treatment in the context of
executive action, which was what the applicant was alleging in this case (see
[10]–[11] above). The court considered that the “deliberate and arbitrary”
test would set too high a bar and would not be sufficient to secure for every
person equal protection of the law as guaranteed under Art 12(1). It reasoned
that, if the determination of whether the executive had acted in a manner
which lacked rationality was not distinct from whether it had differentially
treated persons in an impermissible manner in breach of Art 12(1), Art 12(1)
would be rendered nugatory, according no greater protection than the ordinary
grounds of judicial review (Syed Suhail (Judicial Review Leave Appeal) at
[57]).

33 The question that arose in the present case was whether, in the scheduling
of the date of his execution, the State had differentially treated the
applicant in a manner which was impermissible, having regard to the cases of
Datchinamurthy and Masoud. According to the applicant, all three of them were
equally situated. The first and main enquiry is therefore whether the
applicant, Datchinamurthy and Masoud were equally situated persons, and
whether they were differentially treated. If so, the court must then carefully
scrutinise whether this differential treatment was based on legitimate
reasons.

The sequence of execution argument

34 I begin by addressing the sequence of execution argument. Gobi (CM) was
heard by the Court of Appeal on 16 June 2020 and the court thereafter reserved
judgment. The AGC then informed the MHA that the decision in Gobi (CM) could
have implications on cases in which the presumption in s 18(2) of the MDA had
been applied. On 3 July 2020, the AGC notified the MHA that Datchinamurthy and
Masoud fell into this category of cases. As these cases would be assessed by
the AGC after the Court of Appeal delivered its decision in Gobi (CM), the
sentences of Datchinamurthy and Masoud were not scheduled to be carried out
after the resolution of Gobi (JR).

35 Contrary to the applicant’s arguments, I find that there is a clear
differentiating factor between his case and the cases of Datchinamurthy and
Masoud. As a consequence of the application and eventual decision of the Court
of Appeal in Gobi (CM), both Datchinamurthy and Masoud had a realistic
expectation that their cases would be reviewed and potentially reopened on the
merits, but the applicant did not have any such expectation. The applicant’s
case therefore could not be said to be equally situated. As pointed out by the
Court of Appeal in Syed Suhail (Judicial Review Leave Appeal) at [67], where a
prisoner had further pending recourse or if there were other relevant pending
proceedings in which the prisoner’s involvement is required, such prisoners
would not be equally situated compared to other prisoners who had been
sentenced and whose clemency petitions had been rejected. The rationale for
this was that the time taken for the proceedings to be completed would turn on
the circumstances of each individual case, such that it would be difficult to
make any meaningful comparison between prisoners. The same reasoning would
apply here, as the amount of time it would take for each case to be reviewed
by the AGC and for the legal process to run its course if further proceedings
were commenced would necessarily vary depending on the facts of each
offender’s case.

36 The Court of Appeal in Adili Chibuike Ejike v Public Prosecutor [2019] 2
SLR 254 (“Adili”) clarified the law pertaining to the interplay between the
presumption under s 18(1) of the MDA and the doctrine of wilful blindness. It
held that the knowledge presumed under s 18(1) of the MDA is the fact of
actual knowledge, not wilful blindness (at [66]–[71]), which is a mixed
question of law and fact. Accordingly, where it is the prosecution’s case that
an accused person was wilfully blind, it was not open to the prosecution to
invoke the s 18(1) presumption. The court left open whether their decision
ought also to apply to the presumption under s 18(2) (at [72]). Subsequently,
in Gobi (CM), the interplay between the presumption under s 18(2) and the
doctrine of wilful blindness arose for consideration, and the parties both
submitted that the holding in Adili ought to be extended to s 18(2). The Court
of Appeal agreed, and similarly held that the knowledge that was presumed
under s 18(2) of the MDA was confined to actual knowledge of the nature of the
drugs in an accused’s possession and did not encompass knowledge of matters to
which the accused person was said to be wilfully blind. The doctrine of wilful
blindness was therefore irrelevant to the analysis of whether the s 18(2)
presumption had been rebutted (at [53]–[56]).

37 The AGC’s review of Datchinamurthy and Masoud’s cases was premised on the
fact that in those cases, the prosecution’s case encompassed wilful blindness
to the nature of the drugs, alongside the courts’ resultant findings of
failure to rebut the presumption of knowledge of the nature of drugs in s
18(2) of the MDA. From a perusal of the record in Syed Suhail (HC), it is
manifestly clear that no question of wilful blindness surfaced whether at the
applicant’s trial or on appeal. The applicant had acknowledged that he was in
possession of all the drugs in question at his trial, and he knew that they
were heroin (Syed Suhail (HC) at [26]). The prosecution’s case against the
applicant therefore did not depend on the presumption in s 18(2) of the MDA.
Indeed, as stated at [17]–[18] above, the applicant had already applied to
have his case reviewed in Syed Suhail (Criminal Review). His application was
made chiefly on the basis that new material pertaining to his abnormality of
mind ought to be adduced. The Court of Appeal dismissed the application,
finding that the material could have been obtained with reasonable diligence
at an earlier stage, and in any case, was “far from being of the compelling
nature required to satisfy the requirement under s 394J(3)(c) [of the CPC]”
(at [29]). Again, no issue of wilful blindness in relation to s 18(2) of the
MDA arose. As such, his case was distinguishable from those of Datchinamurthy
and Masoud. In any event, it was never suggested in the applicant’s
submissions before me that his case ought to be reviewed on similar grounds.

38 While Datchinamurthy and Masoud had technically exhausted the legal process
and there were no legal proceedings pending that directly involved them, it
would be inconceivable for their executions to have been scheduled. The AGC’s
indication that their cases would be reviewed following the Court of Appeal’s
decision in Gobi (CM) pointed to a real likelihood that further proceedings in
respect of their cases could be initiated. The possibility of there being a
further pending recourse did not arise out of a mere or fanciful hope.

39 In Kho Jabing v Public Prosecutor [2016] 3 SLR 135 (“Kho Jabing”) at
[49]–[50], the court considered the balance between prevention of error and
the principle of finality as follows:

49 The question for us in the present context is whether we have struck the
right balance between the prevention of error (which demands some degree of
corrigibility) and the according of proper respect to the principle of
finality (which necessitates a policy of closure). It is axiomatic that this
balance will have to be struck differently at different stages of the criminal
process. As we venture further along the criminal process, we must give
greater presumptive weight to the veracity of the findings already made and
accord greater prominence to the principle of finality. An appeal is an avenue
for error correction. For this reason, in an appeal, the decision of the trial
court must be examined for error, but due deference must be accorded to that
court’s findings, and new evidence cannot be admitted, save in limited
circumstances. A review is an avenue for the correction of miscarriages of
justice. Thus, it is only in exceptional cases that a matter will be reopened
on its merits, and the instances in which the Court of Appeal’s inherent power
of review will be exercised must be few and far between.

50 In our judgment, the principle of finality is no less important in cases
involving the death penalty. There is no question that as a modality of
punishment, capital punishment is different because of its irreversibility.
For this reason, capital cases deserve the most anxious and searching
scrutiny. This is also reflected in our laws. Division 1A of Pt XX of the
Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed) (“the CPC”) provides that a
sentence of death imposed by the High Court has to be reviewed by the Court of
Appeal even where no formal appeal has been filed, and the court must be
satisfied of the correctness, legality and propriety of both the accused
person’s conviction and his sentence before the sentence is carried into
effect. But, once the processes of appeal and/or review have run their course,
the legal process must recede into the background, and attention must then
shift from the legal contest to the search for repose. We do not think it
benefits anyone – not accused persons, not their families nor society at large
– for there to be an endless inquiry into the same facts and the same law with
the same raised hopes and dashed expectations that accompany each such
fruitless endeavour.

40 It is crucial that in the cases of Datchinamurthy and Masoud, the review
and potential re-opening of their convictions were not in pursuit of an
“endless inquiry into the same facts and the same law”. The realistic
possibility of a review and further legal proceedings following the court’s
determination in Gobi (CM) shifted the balance discussed in Kho Jabing towards
the prevention of error, such that the legal process was still at the
forefront of their cases.

41 In contrast, as clarified at [12] of Mr Lim’s 2nd affidavit, all
supervening factors based on policy considerations that applied to the
applicant had been resolved. The applicant did not, at the point of the
scheduling of his execution, have any similar potential further recourse.
Unlike Datchinamurthy and Masoud’s cases, no findings were made at the
applicant’s trial in respect of wilful blindness or failure to rebut the
presumption in s 18(2) of the MDA. As noted above (at [38]), the prosecution
did not invoke s 18(2) of the MDA at all.

42 The applicant had argued that not following the sequence of scheduling
would deprive him of time to adduce new evidence to reopen his case. However,
that argument was entirely speculative. The principle of finality applied with
full force to his case. In this connection, the applicant had already
attempted unsuccessfully to reopen his case on its merits. As the Court of
Appeal stated in Syed Suhail (Criminal Review), repeated applications until a
desired outcome is achieved would be the “very perversion of justice and
fairness and would make a mockery of the rule of law” (emphasis in original)
(at [1]). Having regard to the principle of finality in proceedings, stringent
requirements must be satisfied before the court would review its decision
under s 394J of the CPC (Syed Suhail (Criminal Review) at [1] and [14]).

43 In my assessment, Mr Lim’s 2nd affidavit has sufficiently clarified how
Datchinamurthy and Masoud’s factual circumstances differed from the
applicant’s. There is thus a clear and indisputable differentiating factor
between the applicant and Datchinamurthy and Masoud such that he was not
equally situated together with them. In the context of equal protection in Art
12(1), this was not a situation where like was not being treated alike. I am
satisfied that there is no inconsistency in relation to the scheduling of the
applicant’s execution vis-à-vis the arrangements pertaining to Datchinamurthy
and Masoud.

44 There is therefore no merit in the applicant’s argument that his rights
under Art 12(1) had been violated by virtue of him being treated differently
from Datchinamurthy and Masoud. The sequence of execution argument fails in
limine on the first limb of the test set out in Syed Suhail (Judicial Review
Leave Appeal) (at [61]). It is not strictly necessary to address the second
limb of the test, but I find in any event that sufficient explanation has been
furnished in Mr Lim’s 2nd affidavit to establish that any perceived
differential treatment affecting the applicant was based on legitimate
reasons. There was no violation of the applicant’s legitimate legal
expectation that he would not face differential treatment in the scheduling of
his execution, as compared to other persons who are equally situated.

45 I note that the applicant has had ample opportunity to challenge the
clarification made in Mr Lim’s 2nd affidavit relating to Datchinamurthy and
Masoud’s factual circumstances. He did not take this course at the hearing of
the present summons. He also did not dispute that all supervening factors
based on policy considerations had been resolved in his case. Instead, his
primary contention remained unchanged from his submission before the Court of
Appeal in Syed Suhail (Judicial Review Leave Appeal), ie, that all three of
them were drug offenders facing death row and therefore fell within the same
class of offenders. This expansive argument glosses over the objective facts
which disclosed an indisputable difference in their cases. The applicant made
no attempt to address this difference and indeed, he was unable to do so as it
clearly demonstrated that he was not equally situated with Datchinamurthy and
Masoud.

46 For completeness, the applicant’s reliance on [62] of Ramalingam to advance
his case that the class of offenders relevant in the present case to determine
whether they were equally situated should be “all drug offenders sentenced to
death” was misplaced. For reference, the Court of Appeal in Ramalingam stated
at [62]:

In the context of penal legislation, the Privy Council stated (at [39] of Ong
Ah Chuan) that “Art 12(1) of the Constitution [was] not concerned with equal
punitive treatment for equal moral blameworthiness; it [was] concerned with
equal punitive treatment for similar legal guilt”. What a class of offenders
defined in penal legislation have in common is that they all fulfil the
specified ingredients of the same criminal offence. Within this class, there
may be substantial variations in moral blameworthiness among the offenders.
The fact that penal legislation does not distinguish between offenders within
the same class based on such moral differences does not in itself render such
legislation in breach of Art 12(1).

47 It is clear that the court, in referencing Ong Ah Chuan at [62] of
Ramalingam, was referring to the application of Art 12(1) in the context of
penal legislation, which was “concerned with equal punitive treatment for
similar legal guilt”. The court held that Art 12(1) would apply differently in
the context of prosecutorial decisions as compared to the legislative domain,
as the prosecution had to consider a wide range of factors in addition to the
legal guilt of the offender (Ramalingam at [61] and [63]; see also Quek Hock
Lye v Public Prosecutor [2012] 2 SLR 1012 at [23]).

48 The pivotal question in the present case was when offenders could be said
to be equally situated for the purposes of scheduling of their sentence of
execution. The formulation for the application of Art 12(1) in the context of
penal legislation had no applicability here, and the type of offence an
offender was sentenced for, whether under the MDA or otherwise, would also not
generally be relevant.

The nationality argument

49 I turn next to the nationality argument. As mentioned at [31] above, the
applicant had eventually clarified that he was not alleging that the Cabinet’s
decision had been arbitrary or that the State had acted in bad faith by
considering nationality as a factor in the scheduling of executions.

50 Instead, the applicant asserted that he had been discriminated against vis-
à-vis non-Singaporeans whose executions had been halted as a result of the
COVID-19 pandemic for reasons of expediency. Instead of alleging
arbitrariness, the applicant appeared to be arguing that the effect of the MHA
having taken into account considerations arising from the COVID-19 situation
was that Singaporeans, including the applicant, had been unequally treated
vis-à-vis non-Singaporeans. This was impermissible discrimination in breach of
Art 12(1) and (2). As with the sequence of execution argument, the applicant
relied on Ramalingam and Ong Ah Chuan for the general principle that like
cases must be treated alike.

51 It is settled law that the State may not exercise its discretion in breach
of the fundamental liberties guaranteed under the Constitution, including Art
12. However, the burden of proof is on the applicant to adduce sufficient
evidence to prove a prima facie breach before the evidential burden will shift
to the State to justify its exercise of discretion. Where a prima facie breach
is found, it is rebuttable by the State. If the State fails to do so, it would
be found to be in breach of the Constitution (Ramalingam at [27]–[28], [69]).

52 As stated by the court in Ramalingam at [27]:

That the burden of proof lies on the offender in this regard is a wholly trite
proposition that is reflected in s 103(1) of the Evidence Act, which states
that “[w]hoever desires any court to give judgment as to any legal right or
liability, dependent on the existence of facts which he asserts, must prove
that those facts exist”.

53 At the first limb of the test to determine whether there was a breach of
Art 12(1) (see [10] above), the applicant bore the evidential burden of
showing that he was equally situated with another person, such that any
differential treatment between them required justification. This limb had to
be satisfied before the evidential burden would shift to the State to justify
the differential treatment (Syed Suhail (Judicial Review Leave Appeal) at
[61]).

54 In Ridzuan, the offender applied for leave to commence judicial review
proceedings, arguing that the prosecution’s decision not to grant him a
certificate of substantive assistance was made in breach of Art 12(1) as
another offender involved in the same criminal enterprise had been granted a
certificate. The Court of Appeal observed that the court would not require
evidence that directly impugned the propriety of the prosecution’s decision-
making process. An offender could discharge his evidentiary burden by
highlighting the circumstances that establish a prima facie case of a breach.
The court could make inferences from objective facts (at [40]–[41], [43]). On
the facts in Ridzuan, the offender would have discharged his evidential burden
if he had shown: “first, that his level of involvement in the offence and the
consequent knowledge he acquired of the drug syndicate he was dealing with was
practically identical to a co-offender’s level of involvement and the
knowledge the co-offender could have acquired, and second… that he and his co-
offender had provided practically the same information to CNB – yet only his
co-offender had been given the certificate of substantive assistance” (at
[51]). Even though Ridzuan concerned leave to commence judicial review
proceedings, the evidentiary burden discussed by the court in that case, if
met by the offender, would have shifted the burden thereafter to the executive
to justify the differential treatment (Ridzuan at [39], [52]).

55 The evidence which had to be adduced by an offender to satisfy his
evidential burden would turn on the facts of each case and the nature of his
challenge under Art 12(1). For example, the evidence which the offender in
Ridzuan needed to adduce was grounded in the factual scenario of the case, ie,
whether he was discriminated against vis-à-vis another offender in relation to
the grant of a certificate of substantive assistance.

56 In the present case, the applicant contended that he had been discriminated
against as a Singaporean because the scheduling of executions was impacted by
COVID-19 measures. This is a narrow and fact-specific challenge. The applicant
could have discharged his evidential burden if he had adduced evidence to show
that there was an equally situated non-Singaporean who had been sentenced
earlier and whose execution had not been scheduled at the point when his date
of execution was fixed. Appropriate inferences could then be drawn from these
facts and the applicant could have satisfied his burden of proof to establish
a prima facie breach of Art 12(1).

57 I also note that in Syed Suhail (Judicial Review Leave Appeal) at [63], it
was observed by the Court of Appeal that the court would have regard to the
nature of the executive action in question in determining whether there was a
breach of Art 12(1). As the executive decision relating to the scheduling of
execution was taken on an individual level and concerned the grave issue of
deprivation of life, the court would be searching in its scrutiny. This same
searching scrutiny would “equally apply when considering whether the
[applicant] has discharged his evidential burden and thereby overcome the
presumption of constitutionality”.

58 In the present case, the applicant did not adduce any evidence at all to
show such a prima facie breach of his right to equal protection under Art
12(1). The applicant had only identified one non-Singaporean, Datchinamurthy,
whose clemency petition had been rejected and whose execution had not been
scheduled at the point of time when the applicant’s date of execution was
fixed. Crucially, as discussed at [35]–[45] above, Datchinamurthy was not
equally situated with the applicant. Put simply, they were not in the same
boat, even though they all belonged to a generic group of prisoners awaiting
capital punishment. No reference was made to Masoud’s case, and rightly so,
since Masoud is a Singaporean. His case was brought up principally to support
the applicant’s sequence of execution argument. It is irrelevant for the
purpose of the nationality argument.

59 As such, the applicant had not cleared the threshold required to discharge
his evidential burden for the State to be called upon to justify any
differential treatment.

60 It was not disputed that the State had a discretion to schedule executions.
However, discretion exercised by the executive was susceptible to judicial
review, including whether such exercise had contravened a person’s right to
equal protection under Art 12 (Ramalingam at [51], see also Chng Suan Tze v
Minister for Home Affairs [1988] 2 SLR(R) 525 at [86]). Assuming, ex
hypothesi, that there was a non-Singaporean who was equally situated with the
applicant and who had been sentenced earlier than the applicant, but whose
execution had not been scheduled at the point when the applicant’s date of
execution was fixed on 18 September 2020, there would prima facie be
differential treatment requiring justification under the first limb of the
test set out in Syed Suhail (Judicial Review Leave Appeal) (at [61]). The
question which would then follow would be whether the State had legitimate
reasons for such differential treatment, pursuant to the second limb of the
test.

61 Assuming for the sake of argument that the COVID-19 situation had in fact
been considered by the State as a factor in the scheduling of executions, on
the presumptive basis that the pandemic had affected the access of prisoners
to their families and/or posed difficulties to the repatriation of mortal
remains, clarification would be needed from the MHA as to how the COVID-19
measures had affected such scheduling, to ascertain whether it would
constitute a legitimate reason to justify differential treatment.

62 Legitimate reasons have to bear a “sufficient rational relation to the
object for which the power was conferred” (Syed Suhail (Judicial Review Leave
Appeal) at [61]). The State has the power to set the time and place of
executions in the legally prescribed steps leading to an offender’s death
sentence being carried out (see Syed Suhail (Judicial Review Leave Appeal) at
[3]), to facilitate the administration of justice and enable the law to take
its course. Operational concerns would have to be taken into consideration in
the scheduling of executions and the MHA may also face various administrative
constraints as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. Even then, the State’s
exercise of discretion has to be made in accordance with Art 12. In my view,
COVID-19 restrictions may not be sufficient to amount to a legitimate reason
to justify differential treatment between Singaporeans and non-Singaporeans in
the scheduling of executions. That said, my observations are merely obiter. As
Mr Lim’s 2nd affidavit stands, it did not contain sufficient specificity and
clarity to enable a conclusion on the impact of COVID-19 on the scheduling of
executions. I shall briefly elaborate below.

63 The applicant’s specific contention was that as a result of the COVID-19
pandemic, nationality had been considered in the scheduling of executions such
that there was a consequential halt of the executions of non-Singaporeans. The
MHA had made clear at [8] of Mr Lim’s 2nd affidavit as follows:

For avoidance of doubt, factors such as the type of offence for which the
offender was sentenced to death, age, race, gender and nationality are not
considered in scheduling the execution of sentences of death.

64 At [22]–[23] of Mr Lim’s 2nd affidavit, he also refuted the applicant’s
allegation that there had been any consequential halt of executions against
non-Singaporeans due to COVID-19 measures. Further, he averred that the
imposition of COVID-19 restrictions had not changed the position that
nationality was not a factor considered in scheduling dates for the execution
of sentences. In the absence of any evidence to the contrary, the applicant’s
contention had no basis to stand on. However, having said that, although it is
the MHA’s position that there was no such explicit halt of executions on the
basis of nationality, the MHA did not expressly aver that COVID-19
restrictions did not impliedly or consequently affect the scheduling of
executions.

65 It appeared to be implicitly acknowledged by the MHA that the facilitation
of a prisoner’s access to his family prior to his scheduled date of execution
occurs as a matter of course. The MHA’s position was that it would facilitate
arrangements to allow a prisoner’s relatives who live overseas to enter
Singapore. It was not disputed that it had made arrangements for the
applicant’s uncle who was living in Malaysia to visit him in Singapore. His
uncle eventually declined to do so. However, it is not clear whether such an
arrangement is a pre-condition to the scheduling of an execution, or whether a
scheduled execution would still go ahead in the event that a prisoner’s family
members were in fact unable to travel to Singapore as a result of travel
restrictions imposed due to the COVID-19 pandemic. The MHA acknowledged that
it would have no control over travel restrictions imposed by foreign countries
in which a prisoner’s family members are residing.

66 If COVID-19 restrictions were taken into consideration in scheduling, or
had caused scheduled executions to be postponed, this could bring about a
situation where most or all Singaporeans on death row would be executed first
because all their family members were in Singapore. In contrast, the
executions of most or all foreigners could be put on hold, for example,
because of travel restrictions imposed by their home countries which prevent
their family members from entering Singapore. This would in effect amount to
discrimination on the basis of nationality. Although nationality would not be
taken into consideration per se, the natural and obvious consequence (unless
all executions were put on hold indefinitely) would be that the executions of
Singaporeans would more likely be expedited. Nationality, in turn, would bear
no rational relation to the scheduling of executions. In such a situation, the
COVID-19 restrictions would not be a legitimate reason to justify differential
treatment.

67 In any event, I should emphasise that the question whether or how COVID-19
restrictions had affected the scheduling of executions did not arise for
determination in the present case, since the applicant was unable to adduce
any evidence to show prima facie that any equally situated non-Singaporeans
had been differently treated.

68 The applicant’s contentions in respect of the nationality argument were
bare assertions based on pure conjecture and surmise. He did not file an
affidavit to challenge the averments made in Mr Lim’s 2nd affidavit or adduce
any evidence to show that COVID-19 restrictions had an impact on the
scheduling of sentences, such that he was discriminated against vis-à-vis
equally situated non-Singaporeans. In the premises, his contentions do not
withstand scrutiny. I am therefore unable to see any merit in the nationality
argument.

69 I make a final comment on the applicant’s reliance on Art 12(2) of the
Constitution. Article 12(2) states:

12.–(2) Except as expressly authorised by this Constitution, there shall be no
discrimination against citizens of Singapore on the ground only of religion,
race, descent or place of birth in any law or in the appointment to any office
or employment under a public authority or in the administration of any law
relating to the acquisition, holding or disposition of property or the
establishing or carrying on of any trade, business, profession, vocation or
employment.

70 With respect, Art 12(2) is wholly inapplicable to the nationality argument.
Given that Art 12(2) applies only to “citizens of Singapore”, ie,
Singaporeans, the reference to “place of birth” could not possibly be
interpreted to mean “nationality”. The Cabinet’s exercise of discretion would
also not fall into any of the stipulated categories to which Art 12(2) applies
viz, “in any law or in the appointment to any office or employment under a
public authority or in the administration of any law relating to the
acquisition, holding or disposition of property or the establishing of
carrying on of any trade, business, profession, vocation or employment”. This
also finds support in academic writing: see Thio Li-Ann, A Treatise on
Singapore Constitutional Law (Academy Publishing, 2012) at paras 13.008 and
13.009:

13.008 Article 12(2) speaks to the Government, seeking to prevent the
perpetuation of certain forms of discrimination against Singapore citizens
through state action. It provides that “except as expressly authorised by this
Constitution”, which may permit express limits to equality, there shall be no
discrimination “on the ground only of religion, race, descent or place of
birth” in relation to four things: any law, in relation to public authority
employment positions, the administration of any law relating to the
acquisition, holding or disposition of property or laws establishing or
carrying on of any trade, business, profession, vocation or employment”.

13.009 Article 12(2) forbids discrimination on the exclusive ground of four
bases, “religion, race, descent or place of birth”, which indicate the
importance of their underlying values, as opposed to trivial basis for
differentiation, such as hair length or music preferences. This indicates the
type of community the Constitution is designed to sustain, reflecting the goal
of nurturing the ethos and practice of ethno-religious pluralism. The
Constitution specifically identifies the types of diversities and pluralisms
it considers worthy of constitutional protection; it does not cover all
possible claims raised under this banner in the political arena.

[emphasis in original omitted, emphasis added in italics]

71 In any event, it would have sufficed for the applicant to rely on Art 12(1)
of the Constitution to allege that he had been discriminated against vis-à-vis
other non-Singaporeans. A non-Singaporean would also have been entitled to
make a claim that he had been discriminated under Art 12(1) on the grounds of
nationality if he had evidence of such discrimination (see Lim Meng Suang and
another v Attorney-General and another appeal and another matter [2015] 1 SLR
26 at [93]).

72 For completeness, I mention in passing that at the close of the hearing of
the present summons, Mr Ravi abruptly made a baseless and somewhat frivolous
application for me to recuse myself on the ground that I was allegedly biased
against him. Whatever Mr Ravi may have perceived to have provoked his
application, it clearly bore no connection whatsoever to any part of the
substantive hearing, which had already reached its conclusion. Accordingly, I
declined to recuse myself.

Conclusion

73 For the reasons stated above, the applicant was unable to show, whether on
the basis of the sequence of execution or nationality arguments, that his
rights under Art 12 of the Constitution had been infringed. The summons is
therefore dismissed. I shall hear the parties’ submissions on any
consequential matters.

See Kee Oon  
Judge of the High Court

Ravi s/o Madasamy (Carson Law Chambers) for the applicant;

Francis Ng Yong Kiat SC, Nicholas Wuan Kin Lek and Chin Jincheng (Attorney-
General’s Chambers) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 09 Feb 2021 (08:44 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

