Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the appellate division of the high court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC(A) 23

Civil Appeal No 3 of 2021

Between

Cheryl Tan Yi Lin  
---  
  
… Appellant

And

AIA Singapore Pte Ltd  
---  
  
… Respondent

In the matter of Suit No 584 of 2019

Between

Cheryl Tan Yi Lin

… Plaintiff

And

AIA Singapore Pte Ltd

… Defendant

Grounds of decision

[Insurance] — [General principles] — [Claims]

[Insurance] — [General principles] — [Non-disclosure]

[Contract] — [Misrepresentation] — [Fraudulent]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Tan Yi Lin Cheryl

  

v

  

AIA Singapore Pte Ltd

[2021] SGHC(A) 23

Appellate Division of the High Court — Civil Appeal No 3 of 2021  
Belinda Ang Saw Ean JAD, Woo Bih Li JAD and See Kee Oon J  
30 November 2021

3 December 2021

Belinda Ang Saw Ean JAD (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

Introduction

1 This appeal is against the judgment of the High Court Judge (“the Judge”) in
High Court Suit No 584 of 2019; the grounds of decision dated 28 May 2021 are
set out in Tan Yi Lin Cheryl v AIA Singapore Pte Ltd [2021] SGHC 130 (“the
Judgment”).

2 We heard and dismissed the appeal on 30 November. We provide the written
grounds below.

Brief facts of the case

3 The appellant is the wife of the late Mr Cheong Wai Ming Edmund (“Mr
Cheong”), and the sole executrix of Mr Cheong’s estate. The appellant and Mr
Cheong were former insurance agents with the respondent. Mr Cheong was an
insurance agent with the respondent for over a year. The appellant was an
insurance agent with the respondent from 2006 to 2009. In addition, she was
also an insurance agent with Prudential Assurance Company Singapore Pte Ltd
(“Prudential”) from 2009 to 2013. She was an insurance agent for a total of
eight years.

4 The brief facts of the parties’ dispute are as follows. On 7 May 2014, Mr
Cheong submitted a proposal form for a five-year term life policy for $1m,
which we shall refer to as the “Application Form” and the “Policy”
respectively. In answering the questions posed in the Application Form, Mr
Cheong had unequivocally confirmed that he had no records of previous and
concurrent insurance applications and had no applications for life insurance
policies pending. Mr Cheong’s application was accepted by the respondent and
the Policy was issued on 30 June 2014. However, it was not disputed that Mr
Cheong’s answers were false since he had applied for as many as seven life
insurance policies: Mr Cheong had made three previous applications for life
insurance during the six weeks before the Application Form, and three more
life insurance policies after submitting the Application Form and before the
Policy was issued. All in all, the total sum assured on his life was $6.25m:

S/N| Date of Application| Date of issuance | Insurance Company| Policy  
---|---|---|---|---  
1| 28 March 2014| 31 March 2014| Prudential | 66-year term life $500,000  
2| 2 May 2014| 23 May 2014| Prudential| 10-year term life $600,000  
3| 6 May 2014| 30 May 2014| Aviva| 10-year term life $2m  
4| 7 May 2014 | 30 June 2014| AIA| 5-year term life $1m  
5| 8 May 2014| 17 June 2014| Manulife| 10-year term life $750,000  
6| 22 May 2014 | 17 July 2014| Great Eastern| 5-year term life $400,000  
7| 24 May 2014| 30 May 2014| AXA| 10-year term life $1m  
Total assured sum| $6,250,000  
  
5 Mr Cheong died on 26 September 2016. Thereafter, on 10 October 2016, the
appellant claimed the death benefits under the Policy. In the Death Claim
Form, the appellant declared that Mr Cheong was not insured with other
companies.

6 The respondent rejected the appellant’s claim for the death benefits on
grounds of fraudulent misrepresentation and material non-disclosure. On 17
June 2019, the appellant commenced legal proceedings against the respondent in
her capacity as the sole executrix of Mr Cheong’s estate pursuant to a Grant
of Probate dated 5 November 2016 (“the Grant of Probate”). The appellant
claimed for the $1m death benefit.

7 The Judge held that there was fraudulent misrepresentation which entitled
the respondent to avoid the Policy. The Judge also held that Mr Cheong had an
obligation of continuing disclosure of his other applications for life
policies, up till when the Policy was issued, but he had breached that
obligation by knowingly failing to disclose the same. The Judge rejected the
appellant’s assertions that (a) the insurance agent who attended to them as
regards the Application Form, Mr Aik Chin Yeow (“Mr Aik”), had been informed
about Mr Cheong’s applications for other life policies and the existing
Prudential policy, which was a term life policy issued by Prudential in March
2014; and (b) Mr Aik advised Mr Cheong and/or the appellant that it was not
necessary to disclose such applications and policy in the Application Form.

8 The two main planks of the appellant’s submissions, on appeal, were that the
Judge erred in finding that there was fraudulent misrepresentation, and that
the Judge erred in finding that the misrepresentation induced the respondent
to issue the Policy.

Decision of the appellate court

9 We affirmed the Judge’s findings of fact and upheld his conclusions that Mr
Cheong had made fraudulent misrepresentations in his Application Form and non-
disclosures of applications made between the date of the Application Form and
the Policy. These misrepresentations and non-disclosures had induced the
respondent to issue the Policy to him. We agreed with the Judge that the
respondent was entitled to avoid the Policy.

10 The appellant’s case was that she was present when Mr Cheong met Mr Aik to
apply for a five-year term life policy. It was the appellant’s pleaded case
that both she and the insured disclosed Mr Cheong’s pending applications for
life policies with Prudential and with Aviva Ltd to Mr Aik, as at the date of
the Application Form. In short, the insured and the appellant had made
disclosures, but it was Mr Aik who told them that disclosure was not necessary
because Mr Cheong’s two applications were pending and not yet approved.
Besides, Mr Aik advised that polices with different insurers need not be
disclosed in the Application Form or in the Financial Health Review (“FHR”).

11 The appellant referred to an investigation conducted by Crawford
International Pte Ltd (“Crawford”), the loss adjusters appointed by the
various insurance companies to investigate, inter alia, whether Mr Cheong
“declare[d] the existence of the other policies to Insurers”. Crawford’s
Interim Report dated 5 May 2017 states that “[s]o far there is no evidence
that [the appellant] had deliberately concealed facts of the other insurance
to the insurance agents and FAs”. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

RA V(2) 261–262.

The appellant’s counsel relied on this report as supporting the appellant’s
case that there was no fraudulent misrepresentation or deliberate non-
disclosure by the appellant. The appellant also relied on the written
statement provided by other insurance agents, such as Ms Shirley Chua (“Ms
Chua”), who was Mr Cheong’s Aviva insurance agent, to show that Mr Cheong had
disclosed his other insurance policies. But none of these agents, save for Mr
Aik, were called to testify as witnesses.

12 The Judge accepted Mr Aik’s evidence that he was not informed as claimed by
the appellant. First, the appellant’s claim that Mr Aik knew of Mr Cheong’s
existing life insurance policy and pending policy applications was not
supported by any objective evidence. Mr Aik’s written statements to Crawford
did not support the appellant’s assertion that on 7 May 2014, Mr Aik knew
about the life insurance policies Mr Cheong had been issued with or had
applied for. Mr Aik explained in his email of 23 May 2017 to Crawford that he
heard about the Prudential policy of $1m from the appellant many months or a
year after the purchase of the AIA term policy. All he knew on 7 May 2014 was
that Mr Cheong had other investment policies, which are not life insurance
policies. Mr Aik also testified that while the appellant told him about the
other investment policies, she did not provide any details, which is also what
he had told Crawford in the written statement. The appellant’s claim at trial
that they had disclosed the life insurance policies, such as the Manulife life
insurance, to Mr Aik subsequently was not borne out by any objective evidence.
She referred to a WhatsApp conversation between her and Mr Aik almost a year
after the Policy was issued. But this conversation on 7 April 2015 does not
bear out her claim that she told Mr Aik about the life insurance, but only Mr
Cheong’s AIG Sapphire accident plan. We also agreed with the Judge that the
WhatsApp messages between the appellant and Ms Chua, supported the Judge’s
finding that not only did Mr Aik not know about Mr Cheong’s other life
insurance policies, the appellant also sought to actively prevent Mr Aik from
finding out about these life insurance policies.

13 As for Crawford’s Interim Report relied upon by the appellant, we were
unable to agree that this assisted the appellant’s case. First, as a
preliminary note, this was an interim report that was in no way conclusive on
its findings on whether there was non-disclosure. Within the same report,
Crawford stated that whether Mr Cheong had declared the existence of various
policies at the proposal stage was an issue “that require[d] the Insurers’
further consideration”. Second, this report was not binding on the court. The
court was entitled, and indeed required, to make its own findings on whether
there was any fraudulent misrepresentation and/or deliberate non-disclosure,
which were issues of law and fact. The Judge’s findings that the appellant and
Mr Cheong did not in fact disclose Mr Cheong’s existing life insurance policy,
and pending applications for life insurance policies at the material time,
could not be said to be against the weight of evidence, as we have highlighted
above.

14 Second, there was no reason for the appellate court to interfere with the
Judge’s finding that the appellant was not a truthful witness. Her credibility
as a witness was seriously undermined by the many lies that she told on
different occasions. We agreed with the respondent that the appellant had no
qualms lying. She lied in the Death Claim Form for which she had no plausible
excuse to claim that Mr Cheong was not insured with any other life insurance
companies. Around that time, the appellant had also submitted death claims
under various other life policies to other insurance companies. In addition,
she had no plausible excuse for under-declaring the size of the insured’s
estate in the application for the Grant of Probate. Under oath, she falsely
stated that the insured’s estate did not exceed $3m when the total sum assured
under all the life policies was $6.25m. There were other examples (taken
cumulatively with her earlier transgressions) that supported the Judge’s
finding that the appellant was not a truthful witness. She was unable to give
a credible explanation regarding the WhatsApp conversation between her and Ms
Chua, as to why she said that Mr Aik did not “know the insurance [Mr Cheong]
bot [sic]” or why she did not want Mr Aik to go with her and Ms Chua to apply
for the Grant of Probate, or why she did not want Mr Aik to know that Ms Chua
was their insurance agent, but instead introduced Ms Chua as their property
agent. All she asserted at trial was that “they no need to know each other”
because Mr Aik would “say a lot of things later”. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

NE 17/11/20 142,

The appellant also denied having received some e-mails from Mr Aik, including
one that enclosed the Application Form and the FHR signed by Mr Cheong. Yet
she failed to provide her own expert witness with access to her e-mail to
verify her claim that she did not receive the said e-mails, when her expert
had asked for such access. It was therefore plain that she did receive such
e-mails and had no basis to disavow her knowledge of what was in the
Application Form.

15 Third, the appellant admitted during cross-examination that the Warnings
stated in the Application Form that the Policy would be voided for the want of
disclosure of material information would be something she and Mr Cheong were
familiar with. We also agreed with the Judge that the duty of disclosure is a
continuing one and subsisted until the Policy was issued. The Warnings include
a clear reminder to continue to disclose any and all material facts that may
arise or which have changed from the information provided. As former insurance
agents themselves, the appellant and Mr Cheong would reasonably be expected to
have known of the duty of continuing disclosure of material facts, and whether
there was existing or pending applications for life insurance policies would
be such a material fact.

16 For the sake of argument, even if Mr Aik knew about Mr Cheong’s existing
policies from the time of the Application Form to the issuance of the Policy,
Mr Aik’s knowledge cannot be imputed to the respondent. It is trite in
insurance law that an insurance agent who assists the proposer for insurance
to fill in a proposal form does so as the agent of the proposer and not the
agent of the insurer, as stated by the Court of Appeal in National Employers’
Mutual General Insurance Association Ltd v Globe Trawlers Pte Ltd [1991] 1
SLR(R) 550 (“Globe Trawlers”). Mr Aik was acting as the agent for Mr Cheong in
helping him with the Application Form, and his knowledge, if there were any,
could not be imputed to the respondent. In so far as the appellant argued that
Mr Aik was the agent of the respondent when he allegedly said that it was not
necessary to disclose other pending applications, there was no basis to
suggest that Mr Aik had apparent authority. In insurance law, the agent is
held out as having authority to act for the insurer only if there is a
representation by the insurer that the agent has such authority. In the
Application Form, there was an express declaration by the respondent that no
statement, information or agreement made by the person soliciting/taking this
application binds the respondent. Hence, the argument that what Mr Aik said
can be imputed to the respondent was without merit.

17 The Judge was therefore right that there was fraudulent misrepresentation
and non-disclosure: Mr Cheong/the appellant knew that disclosure was required
and yet chose not to disclose Mr Cheong’s applications for six different life
insurance policies. This also disposed of the appellant’s reliance on the
Incontestability Clause in the Policy. The Incontestability Clause provided
that the validity of the Policy could not be contested after two years from
the issue date except for failure to pay premiums and fraud. The appellant,
therefore, cannot rely on the Incontestability Clause to claim entitlement to
the benefits under the Policy in view of Mr Cheong’s fraudulent
misrepresentation in the Application Form.

18 Finally, the respondent had proven that the fraudulent misrepresentation
and non-disclosure induced the respondent to issue the Policy. The Judge
rightly found that the fact of other existing life insurance policies and
applications on the insured’s life was material to the respondent’s
underwriting of the Policy, because the assured sum applied for must be
proportionate to the income of the insured. The respondent’s underwriting
assessment, which was uncontradicted as the appellant adduced no evidence of
contrary practice, took into account both existing policies and pending
applications with all insurers when comparing against the respondent’s per
life limit; the appellant’s misrepresentation and non-disclosure of other
existing or pending life insurance policies had therefore induced the
respondent to grant the Policy.

19 The appellant took issue with the fact that the respondent did not call the
actual underwriter who had reviewed the Application Form and assessed risk to
testify in court, and did not file a notice to admit documentary hearsay
evidence since the actual underwriter’s note was admitted through Mr Ho Chee
Meng (“Mr Ho”)’s affidavit of evidence-in-chief. The appellant’s counsel
argued that this put the appellant at a disadvantage, because she could not
avail herself of section 32C of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed) (“EA”).
This objection was made despite the appellant’s own reliance on Ms Chua’s
statement, when the appellant did not call Ms Chua as a witness (see above at
[11]).

20 We did not consider the appellant’s belated objection meritorious. The
appellant did not, at any time during the trial, object to the underwriting
note, whether on the footing that it was hearsay evidence or that the
underwriter concerned was not called to testify as a witness, or that notice
to admit hearsay evidence was not filed. The actual underwriting note was
adduced as evidence through Mr Ho’s affidavit. It was admitted and marked
during the trial. Mr Ho is the Head of New Business of the respondent who had
sight of the actual underwriting note and attested to the underwriting
practice of the respondent at the trial below. The actual underwriting note
was stated to be part of the respondent’s records. The appellant’s then
counsel had the opportunity to object to the lack of notice there and then, as
the court below would be the proper place for the s 32C EA argument. He was
nevertheless content to proceed with cross-examining Mr Ho on his
understanding of the said underwriting note, when he could have and should
have raised the objection below. The appellant was thus not entitled to raise
such objections belatedly on appeal.

21 In any event, counsel for the appellant in this appeal accepted the
admissibility of the underwriting note as being made in the course of
business. We did not see how counsel’s argument – that the appellant did not
have an opportunity to cross-examine the underwriter concerned – would assist
the appellant’s case in the appeal.

22 As such, we agreed with the Judge that the fraudulent misrepresentation
that Mr Cheong had no other life insurance policies, whether issued or
pending, played a substantial part in inducing the respondent to issue the
Policy.

23 We therefore dismissed the appeal and ordered the appellant to pay the
respondent costs of $50,000 inclusive of disbursements. The usual
consequential orders would apply.

Belinda Ang Saw Ean  
Judge of the Appellate Division| Woo Bih Li  
Judge of the Appellate Division  
---|---  
See Kee Oon  
Judge of the High Court|  
  
Anil Narain Balchandani (Red Lion Circle) for the appellant;  
Tan Teck San Kelvin, Chng Teck Kian Desmond (Drew & Napier LLC) for the
respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 03 Dec 2021 (17:27 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

