Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the General Division of

  
The

high court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHCR 9

HC/S 142 of 2021  
HC/SUM 3874 of 2021

Between

| EXXA Network Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| SQ2 Fintech Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

Judgment

[Arbitration – Agreement – Scope]

[Arbitration – Stay of Court Proceedings]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
EXXA Network Pte Ltd

  

v

  

SQ2 Fintech Pte Ltd

[2021] SGHCR 9

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 142 of 2021 (Summons No 3874 of
2021)  
Justin Yeo AR  
12 November 2021

26 November 2021

Justin Yeo AR:

1 This judgment concerns an application to stay court proceedings in favour of
mediation and arbitration, pursuant to s 8 of the Mediation Act 2017 (Act 1 of
2017) (“Mediation Act”) and s 6 of the Arbitration Act (Cap 10, 2002 Rev Ed)
(“Arbitration Act”). I grant the stay for the reasons elaborated upon in this
judgment.

Background Facts

2 The Plaintiff, EXXA Network Pte Ltd (“the Plaintiff”), is in the business of
information technology and computer service activities. The Defendant, SQ2
Fintech Pte Ltd (“the Defendant”), provides credit card and cryptocurrency
services, and also develops fintech applications.

The Superwallet Platform Quote

3 In 2019, the Plaintiff sought the Defendant’s services to construct a
platform for cryptocurrency trading (called the “Superwallet Platform”) with
an artificial intelligence trading bot (called “DEVO+”) (collectively, “the
Project”). On 20 April 2019, the Defendant sent to the Plaintiff a quote
setting out the framework for the development of the Superwallet Platform and
DEVO+. The parties referred to this as the “Superwallet Platform Quote”
(“SPQ”). There is no need to go into detail on the clauses of the SPQ, save to
observe that (a) the preamble to the SPQ states that “a detail[ed] software
development agreement will be prepared after the acceptance of this
quotation”; and (b) the SPQ does not contain any jurisdiction or dispute
resolution clause.

The Shareholders’ Agreement

4 The Plaintiff, the Defendant and the then-shareholders of the Plaintiff
subsequently entered into a “Founders Shareholders’ Agreement” dated 12 August
2019 (“SHA”). Of particular relevance for present purposes is that the SHA
referred to the SPQ, or the subject matter of the SPQ, in three main ways:

(a) First, the term “Business Plan” in the SHA was defined in Clause 1.1 of
the SHA as a reference to the business road map of the Plaintiff that
“includes the execution, development of the IP Assets by [the Defendant] for
the purpose of the Business…” (emphasis added). The term “IP Assets”, in turn,
was defined to include “… the mobile Superwallet blockchain platform,
utilising the [Defendant’s] AI Trading Robot as one of the product offering,
such AI Trading Robot refers to the proprietary crypto-trading engine that
[the Defendant] owns and provides as a service. The IP Assets would also
include [the Defendant’s] contribution to such technology infrastructure…
necessary for the Business, such contribution as more particularly known as
[the SPQ] …” (emphases added). Reference is clearly made to the Superwallet
Platform and DEVO+, which were the subject matter of the SPQ.

(b) Second, Clause 13.2 of the SHA provided for each party’s further covenants
and undertakings. The Defendant is stated as being responsible for “developing
and providing to the [Plaintiff] the IP Assets, utilising the [Defendant’s] AI
Trading Robot as one of [the Defendant’s] product offering, a proprietary
crypto-trading engine that [the Defendant] owns and provides as a service.”

(c) Third, the Defendant provided a warranty in Clause 15.2(c) of the SHA that
the performance of the Defendant’s obligations “do not and shall not infringe
upon or misappropriate the intellectual property rights of any third party”.
This expressly reverses the previous position taken under Clause 5.2 of the
SPQ, where it was expressly provided that the Defendant made no warranty
against infringement of intellectual property rights of a third party. The
relevance of this point is mentioned at [14(b)] below.

5 Three other aspects of the SHA are relevant to the present application:

(a) First, Clause 16.3 of the SHA, which relates to the termination of the
SHA, provides that:

If any Shareholder shall transfer the entirety of its Shares, it shall be
released from its obligations under this Agreement but if at that time there
are two or more Shareholders bound by the provisions of this Agreement, this
Agreement shall continue in full force and effect as between such continuing
Shareholders until the dissolution of the Company or otherwise terminated in
accordance with this Agreement.

(b) Second, Clause 20.6 of the SHA is an entire agreement clause (“Entire
Agreement Clause”), which provides that:

The terms and provisions contained in this Agreement constitute the entire
agreement between the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof. This
Agreement supersedes and terminates all previous undertakings, representations
and agreements, both oral and written between the Parties with respect to the
subject matter hereof.

(c) Third, Clause 25 of the SHA sets out a multi-tiered dispute resolution
framework (“Dispute Resolution Clause”). Under the Dispute Resolution Clause,
“all disputes, controversies or differences… arising out of or in connection
with” the SHA shall first be referred to mediation and, failing resolution by
mediation, at a party’s option to arbitration. Clauses 25.1, 25.2, 25.3 and
25.4 of the SHA provide as follows:

25.1 If any dispute or difference arises between any of the Parties hereto
during the subsistence of this Agreement or thereafter, in connection with the
validity, interpretation, implementation or alleged breach of any provision of
the Agreement or regarding any question, including the question as to whether
the termination of the Agreement by any Party hereto has been legitimate, the
Parties hereto shall endeavour to settle such dispute amicably. The attempt to
bring about an amicable settlement is considered to have failed as soon as one
of the Parties hereto, after reasonable attempts, which attempt shall continue
for not less than thirty (30) days, gives a written notice thereof to the
other Party in writing.

25.2 The Parties shall agree that all disputes, controversies or differences
(“Disputes”) arising out of or in connection with this Agreement, including
any questions regarding its existence, validity or termination, shall first be
referred to mediation to the Singapore International Mediation Centre (“SIMC”)
in Singapore, in accordance with the SIMC rules and proceedings for the time
being in force.

25.3 In the event that the Disputes cannot be resolved in mediation within the
time agreed by the Parties, each Shareholder may, at its option, refer and
resolve the Disputes by arbitration in Singapore in accordance with the
Arbitration Rules of the Singapore International Arbitration Centre (“SIAC
Rules”) for the time being in force, which rules are deemed to be incorporated
by reference in this Clause. A Party seeking to commence arbitration under
this Clause 25 shall first serve a written notice, specifying the matter or
matters to be so submitted to arbitration, on the other Parties hereto.

25.4 The seat of such arbitration shall be in Singapore and all proceedings
shall be conducted in the English language.

The Dispute and the Stay Application

6 In October 2019, difficulties arose between the Plaintiff and the Defendant
concerning the Project. In gist, the Defendant’s Chief Director of Information
Technology left the Defendant’s employment, and the Defendant could no longer
support the Plaintiff in relation to DEVO+. While the parties presented
different accounts of the subsequent attempts to part ways amicably, it is
undisputed that the Defendant eventually transferred its shares in the
Plaintiff to another of the Plaintiff’s shareholders.

7 On 26 March 2021, the Plaintiff served the writ in the present suit on the
Defendant, claiming – amongst other things – that the Defendant had breached
the SPQ by its failure to deliver DEVO+ (“the Dispute”). The suit was
initially stayed because the Defendant commenced voluntary winding up
proceedings. In July 2021, the Plaintiff sought and obtained the leave of the
Court to continue the suit. While granting leave to continue the suit, the
Court expressly allowed the Defendant to apply to stay the suit on the basis
of the Dispute Resolution Clause. This resulted in the present application to
stay court proceedings in favour of mediation and arbitration.

Applicable Legal Principles

8 A dispute resolution clause expresses the parties’ agreement on the
appropriate forum for resolving any disputes which fall within the ambit of
that clause. Where such a clause seeks to avoid dispute resolution in a court
by having the matter proceed to arbitration, this intention ought to be upheld
(see, eg, Ling Kong Henry v Tanglin Club [2018] 5 SLR 871 (“Ling Kong Henry”)
at [25]). The principle underlying judicial non-intervention in such
situations is the respect for the parties’ agreement on how their disputes
will be resolved; or, as succinctly observed in Ling Kong Henry, “the premise
of the court’s intervention lies in the bargain struck between parties”. This
policy rationale finds legislative expression in the provisions relating to a
stay of court proceedings in s 8 of the Mediation Act and s 6 of the
Arbitration Act.

9 The principles governing the Court’s exercise of power in the context of a
stay of court proceedings in favour of arbitration have been clearly set out
by the Court of Appeal in Tomolugen Holdings Ltd v Silica Investors Ltd [2016]
1 SLR 373 (“Tomolugen”) and Sim Chay Koon and others v NTUC Income Insurance
Co-operative Ltd [2016] 2 SLR 871 (“Sim Chay Koon”). The principles of
especial relevance to the present application are:

(a) First, as a general rule, the Court undertakes a restrained review of the
facts and circumstances in determining whether it appears on a prima facie
basis that there is an arbitration clause and that the dispute falls within
the ambit of that clause (Sim Chay Koon at [5]). This is in the light of the
kompetenz-kompetenz principle, which is legislatively expressed in s 21(1) of
the Arbitration Act as follows:

The arbitral tribunal may rule on its own jurisdiction, including a plea that
it has no jurisdiction and any objections to the existence or validity of the
arbitration agreement, at any stage of the arbitral proceedings.

(b) Second, while the arbitral tribunal generally has the right to first
determine the matters mentioned in s 21(1) of the Arbitration Act, an
aggrieved party may subsequently seek relief from the Court through prescribed
avenues (eg, an application under s 48 of the Arbitration Act to set aside an
arbitral award).

(c) Third, the Court will stay proceedings in favour of arbitration, except
where the arbitration clause is “clearly invalid or inapplicable” (Tomolugen
at [68]) (emphasis in original).

(d) Fourth, the Court has the discretion to refuse a stay of proceedings in
favour of arbitration (see s 6(2)(a) of the Arbitration Act). However, this
discretion should be exercised “sparingly and in a principled way” (Sim Chay
Koon at [7]).

10 The points mentioned in [9] above apply similarly to multi-tiered dispute
resolution clauses. For instance, in Ling Kong Henry at [25], the Court
observed that the same policy rationale (ie respecting parties’ intentions as
expressed in a dispute resolution clause) applies “with equal force” to
clauses which include conciliatory steps. In Tan Wee Tin and others v
Singapore Swimming Club [2017] SGHCR 21 at [66]-–[69], the Court granted a
stay pending an agreed multi-tiered dispute resolution process which required
the parties to first attempt mediation of any disputes that arise.

Issues

11 The issues arising in the present application are:

(a) First, whether, on a prima facie basis, the Dispute falls within the ambit
of the Dispute Resolution Clause.

(b) Second, whether the Dispute Resolution Clause remains valid or applicable
vis-à-vis the Defendant, given that the Defendant is no longer a shareholder
in the Plaintiff.

(c) Third, whether the Court should exercise discretion to refuse a stay.

(d) Fourth, whether any conditions should be imposed on the stay.

Whether the Dispute falls within the ambit of the Dispute Resolution Clause

12 The first issue is whether, on a prima facie basis, the Dispute falls
within the ambit of the Dispute Resolution Clause.

13 The parties present diametrically opposed characterisations of the SPQ. The
Defendant’s position is that the SPQ was merely a quotation issued for the
Plaintiff’s consideration and was never intended to be a standalone contract
that could be enforced on its own. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Affidavit of Aw Yong Cheong Yam (dated 1 November 2021) at paragraphs 8 and
10.

The Plaintiff’s position is that the SPQ was a standalone “contract for
services” between the Plaintiff and the Defendant, which is “wholly capable of
being enforced on its own”. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Affidavit of Danny Pang (dated 18 October 2021) at paragraphs 17 and 20.

As such, the Plaintiff contends that because the Dispute arises out of the SPQ
(rather than the SHA), it does not fall within the ambit of the Dispute
Resolution Clause. The Plaintiff’s arguments on this issue may be summarised
as six points:

(a) First, the SPQ was entered into more than two months prior to the SHA. By
the time the SHA was entered into, work had already been done under the SPQ.
As such, the parties have treated the SPQ as binding even before they entered
into the SHA, which evinces that the SPQ is a standalone contract that can be
enforced on its own.

(b) Second, the SPQ and SHA served different purposes. The former related to
the Defendant’s substantive duties in the construction of the Superwallet
Platform, whereas the latter governed the relationship between the parties qua
shareholders. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Affidavit of Danny Pang (dated 18 October 2021) at paragraph 29.

While the SHA did refer to the Project, the provisions relating thereto were
generic. The SHA focused more on matters such as the manner of transferring
shares and appointing directors, rather than technical details relating to the
subject matter of the SPQ. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Affidavit of Danny Pang (dated 18 October 2021) at paragraph 31.

(c) Third, there is no complete identity of parties between the SPQ and the
SHA. The former was exclusively between the Plaintiff and the Defendant,
whereas the latter involved additional parties (who were shareholders in the
Plaintiff).

(d) Fourth, the shareholders entered into the SHA because the Defendant’s
director wanted to transfer shares to the Defendant. It was done “just to
document and maintain a record” (emphasis in original). 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Affidavit of Danny Pang (dated 18 October 2021) at paragraph 25.

This had nothing to do with the SPQ.

(e) Fifth, the presence of the Entire Agreement Clause means that the SHA
should be read narrowly, to avoid the parties being deprived of the effect of
the SPQ.

(f) Sixth, the Defendant has not shown any correspondence or agreement that
the SPQ should be subsumed or replaced by the SHA.

14 I start by expressing some difficulties I have with the arguments at
[13(d)] and [13(e)] above.

(a) In relation to the argument at [13(d)], I note that the Plaintiff’s
director had, in the same affidavit, provided a separate explanation of the
intentions behind the SHA. The Plaintiff allegedly entered the SHA due to its
concerns about its vulnerability in the Project, given that the Defendant’s
work was highly specialised and technical, with a “significant amount of
discretion in the way [the Defendant] conducted the project”. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Affidavit of Danny Pang (dated 18 October 2021) at paragraphs 21 and 22.

According to the Plaintiff’s director, the SHA was intended to ensure that the
Defendant was “incentivised to take ownership of the risks of the project”,
and to take “responsibility of the risks [the Defendant] created”. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Affidavit of Danny Pang (dated 18 October 2021) at paragraph 22.

Seen in this light, far from having nothing to do with the SPQ, the SHA
conversely appears very much linked with the Project and the SPQ.

(b) In relation to the argument at [13(e)] above, it is unclear why the Entire
Agreement Clause ought to be read narrowly, when such clauses are often
precisely intended to supersede the parties’ various arrangements in the lead
up to the final agreement. On a prima facie basis, the Defendant’s explanation
that the SHA was intended to be the definitive agreement governing all aspects
of the relationship between the parties appears reasonable. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Affidavit of Aw Yong Cheong Yam (dated 1 November 2021) at paragraph 20.

This is buttressed by the following three points:

(i) the Project is referenced expressly in the SHA (see [4] above);

(ii) Clause 15.2(c) of the SHA, which expanded the Defendant’s obligations
under the SPQ by expressly reversing the position in one of the clauses of the
SPQ (see [4(c)] above); and

(iii) the preamble to the SPQ stated that “a detail[ed] software development
agreement will be prepared after the acceptance of this quotation”, but it is
undisputed that no such agreement was (or has ever been) prepared.

15 Despite the above points, I make no conclusive finding on the true
relationship between the SHA and the SPQ, and whether the SPQ is subsumed
within the SHA. This is because it is sufficient to proceed on the basis of
the observations in this paragraph. On a restrained review of the facts and
circumstances, I find that the Dispute falls within the ambit of the Dispute
Resolution Clause. The operative phrase in Clause 25.2 of the SHA expressly
states that “all disputes, controversies or differences… arising out of or in
connection with [the SHA]… shall first be referred to mediation…” (emphasis
added), while Clause 25.3 of the SHA provides that if mediation is
unsuccessful, each party “may, at its option, refer and resolve the Disputes
by arbitration in Singapore…”. Even if I were to accept the Plaintiff’s
contention that the SPQ is technically a standalone contract, at the very
least, the Dispute has prima facie arisen “in connection with” the SHA. This
is because the SHA clearly contains numerous references to the subject matter
of the SPQ (see [4] above), including the specific subject matter of the
Dispute (ie the Defendant’s failure to deliver DEVO+). For completeness, I
note that the word “connected” and the phrase “connected with” have been found
sufficiently broad to include any subject matter with a prima facie connection
to the arbitration agreement, including matters that did not “arise under”
(or, for present purposes, “aris[e] out of”) the contract in question (see
Maniach Pte Ltd v L Capital Jones Ltd and another [2016] 3 SLR 801 at [145],
referred to in BMO v BMP [2017] SGHC 127 at [53]).

Whether the Dispute Resolution Clause remains valid or applicable

16 The second issue is whether the Dispute Resolution Clause remains valid or
applicable vis-à-vis the Defendant, given that the Defendant is no longer a
shareholder in the Plaintiff. On this issue, the Plaintiff contended that
Clause 16.3 of the SHA meant that the Dispute Resolution Clause no longer
applied to the Defendant as the Defendant had transferred the entirety of its
shares and was accordingly released from all obligations under the SHA.

17 This issue concerning validity and applicability of the Dispute Resolution
Clause should, at first instance, be decided by the arbitral tribunal. As
provided in s 21 of the Arbitration Act, the arbitral tribunal “may rule on
its own jurisdiction, including … any objections to the existence or validity
of the arbitration agreement” (emphasis added). The Court intervenes to
determine this issue at first instance only when the Dispute Resolution Clause
is “clearly invalid or inapplicable” (see [9(c)] above). However, there is no
clear invalidity or inapplicability in the present case, for three reasons:

(a) First, the Dispute Resolution Clause may be regarded as separable from the
SHA, thus surviving the Defendant’s cessation of shareholding in the
Plaintiff. This is because it is generally presumed (albeit not in the
technical sense of a legal presumption) that parties intend a dispute
resolution clause to survive the cessation of the substantive contract (see,
eg, BXH v BXI [2020] 3 SLR 1368 at [84], citing Nippon Catalyst Pte Ltd v PT
Trans-Pacific Petrochemical Indotama and another [2018] SGHC 126 at [36]).

(b) Second, the Dispute Resolution Clause is expressly stated to apply “during
the subsistence of this Agreement or thereafter” (Clause 25.1 of the SHA).
This provides prima facie basis for the Defendant’s position that the Dispute
Resolution Clause continues to apply even after the Defendant ceases to be a
shareholder of the Plaintiff.

(c) Third, while Clause 16.3 states that a shareholder is “released from its
obligations” (emphasis added) under the SHA upon transferring the entirety of
its shares, it makes no mention of whether a former shareholder retains the
right to have any disputes arising in connection with the SHA resolved in
accordance with the Dispute Resolution Clause.

18 I therefore find that the Dispute Resolution Clause is not clearly invalid
or inapplicable and, as such, the issue of validity or applicability of the
clause ought to be determined by the arbitral tribunal at first instance.

Whether the Court should exercise discretion to refuse a stay

19 The third issue is whether discretion should be exercised to refuse a stay.
As set out at [9(d)] above, such discretion should be exercised sparingly and
in a principled way.

20 On this issue, two points arise from a reading of the Plaintiff’s written
submissions and the affidavit of the Plaintiff’s representative.

21 First, in the Plaintiff’s written submissions, the Plaintiff contended that
the Court should refuse a stay in view that the Plaintiff had obtained a
judgment in default of Defence against the Defendant (on the same day that the
present application was filed), and that allowing the dispute to proceed to
arbitration may potentially result in a conflicting outcome from that obtained
in Court. This submission is puzzling. The default judgment had already been
set aside, by consent of the parties, six weeks prior to the hearing of the
present application. It is thus unclear what inconsistency in outcome the
Plaintiff was referring to, or why this would provide a reason for refusing a
stay.

22 Second, in the affidavit filed to oppose the present application, the
Plaintiff’s representative urged the Court to refuse a stay because the
Plaintiff “is determined to take these proceedings to Court by any and all
necessary means”. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Affidavit of Danny Pang (dated 18 October 2021) at paragraph 67.

The Plaintiff’s representative further invited the Court to “consider the
futility of referring this matter to arbitration”, stating that Plaintiff’s
counsel “will make the relevant submissions”. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Affidavit of Danny Pang (dated 18 October 2021) at paragraph 67.

Tellingly, both in written submissions and at the hearing, Plaintiff’s counsel
was conspicuously silent on this point (and, in my view, rightly so). The
Plaintiff’s determination to bring the dispute before the Court is, in itself,
clearly not a principled or good reason for the Court to refuse a stay. This
argument is no better than the argument rejected in Sim Chay Koon, where the
Court of Appeal declined to refuse a stay on the basis of a party’s subjective
belief that he would get a better hearing in Court. While the Plaintiff has
the prerogative to take “any and all necessary means” to eventually bring the
present suit to Court, it will have to do so in accordance with the extant
legal framework and to the extent permissible under the law. Of course, in
doing so, one would do well to heed the Court of Appeal’s caution that “an
unmeritorious application will find its penalty in costs” (Sim Chay Koon at
[6]).

23 I therefore find no basis to exercise discretion in refusing a stay of
these proceedings.

Whether any conditions should be imposed on the stay

24 The fourth and final issue is whether any conditions should be imposed on
the stay. The Plaintiff took the position that if a stay is granted, this
ought to be made conditional upon the provision of security in the amount of
the Plaintiff’s claim, ie the sum of US$35 million. The basis for this
position is that the Plaintiff “may not be in a position to recover costs
spent in the claim”. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Affidavit of Danny Pang (dated 18 October 2021) at paragraph 64.

At the hearing, Plaintiff’s counsel explained that the Plaintiff had hoped to
seek protection for its claim in view of the Defendant’s precarious financial
situation.

25 I decline to impose the condition sought, for three reasons:

(a) First, it is unclear how the concern about the potential recovery of costs
translates to a request for security in the sum of the entire claim.

(b) Second, even if the Plaintiff wished to obtain security for costs, the
present application is not the correct forum to do so. As the plaintiff
(contra the defendant), the Plaintiff would not be entitled to security for
costs (see O 23 r 1 of the Rules of Court (2014 Rev Ed)). If the Plaintiff has
concerns about the recoverability of costs, the Plaintiff may raise these
issues before the arbitral tribunal as appropriate.

(c) Third, the Court of Appeal has recently held that conditions which do not
facilitate or seek to give effect to the arbitration agreement ought to be
subject to a higher level of scrutiny (The “Navios Koyo” [2021] SGCA 99 at
[29]). Seeking security for the full amount of the Plaintiff’s claim, without
good justification for doing so, would clearly not pass muster under this
standard.

Conclusion

26 For the foregoing reasons, I order that:

(a) All proceedings in this action shall be stayed pursuant to s 8 of the
Mediation Act and s 6 of the Arbitration Act.

(b) All timelines in respect of the pleadings be suspended until further
order.

27 I will hear parties on costs.

Justin Yeo  
Assistant Registrar

Mr Walter Silvester, Mr Gilbert Chng and Mr Tan Hoe Shuen  
(M/s Silvester Legal LLC) for the Plaintiff.  
Mr Kelvin Poon and Mr Timothy Ang  
(M/s Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP) for the Defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 30 Nov 2021 (16:25 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

