Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC 149

Suit No 854 of 2020

(Summonses No 1432 and 1821 of 2021)

Between

| Shanghai Afute Food and Beverage Management Co Ltd  
---|---  
|  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Tan Swee Meng  
---|---  
(2)| Stay Victory Industries Pte Ltd  
  
… Defendants

Grounds of decision

[Evidence] — [Witnesses] — [Examination]

[Contempt of Court] — [Civil contempt]

[Contempt of Court] — [Sentencing]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Shanghai Afute Food and Beverage Management Co Ltd

  
v

  

Tan Swee Meng and another

[2021] SGHC 149

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 854 of 2020 (Summonses Nos 1432
and 1821 of 2021)  
Chan Seng Onn J  
23 April 2021

22 June 2021

Chan Seng Onn J:

1 HC/SUM 1432/2021 (“SUM 1432”) was the plaintiff’s application for an order
of committal against the defendants and HC/SUM 1821/2021 (“SUM 1821”) was the
plaintiff’s application to be at liberty to cross-examine the first defendant
in relation to his affidavit filed on 13 April 2021 (“Tan’s Reply Affidavit”)
pursuant to O 38 r 2 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed) (“Rules
of Court”).

2 The plaintiff is Shanghai Afute Food and Beverage Management Co Ltd
(“Shanghai Afute”), a company incorporated in Shanghai, the People’s Republic
of China. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Affidavit of Ho Pei Jia Anna dated 30 December 2020 (“Ho’s 2nd Affidavit”) at
para 4.

Shanghai Afute is the owner of “After Coffee”, a food and beverage brand and
business that focuses on incorporating coffee with fresh fruits and vegetables
in its beverages. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Ho’s 2nd Affidavit at para 4.

3 The first defendant is Tan Swee Meng (“Tan”), a shareholder with 33%
ownership in Shanghai Afute. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) dated 14 September 2020 (“SOC”) at para 3;
Defence dated 7 October 2020 (“Defence”) at para 7.

Tan is also a director and shareholder with 55% ownership in the second
defendant, Stay Victory Industries Pte Ltd (“Stay Victory”), a company that
operates cafes and coffee houses. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Affidavit of Tan Swee Meng dated 13 April 2021 (“Tan’s Reply Affidavit”) at
para 1; SOC at paras 10 to 11; Defence at para 9; Affidavit of Lee Eng Tat
dated 7 September 2020 (“Lee’s 1st Affidavit”) at para 10.

Ho Pei Jia Anna (“Ho”) is the other director of Stay Victory. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

SOC at para 10; Defence at para 9.

I will refer to the first and second defendants collectively as “the
defendants” in these grounds of decision.

4 HC/S 854/2020 is the plaintiff’s claim against the defendants under the law
of confidence and the tort of passing off. On 7 September 2020, the plaintiff
filed HC/SUM 3820/2020, an application for injunctions and other orders
against the defendants.

5 On 23 October 2020, I granted the injunctions sought by the plaintiff and
made certain orders against the defendants in HC/ORC 6114/2020 (the “Orders”).
They were as follows:

(1) An injunction restraining the 1st and 2nd Defendants as well as their
employees, servants, agents, associates, nominees, proxies, successors,
assigns, or affiliates or any of them or otherwise howsoever from using the
Plaintiff's recipe in any of the drinks sold by the 1st and 2nd Defendants
until the trial of this action or further order of this Honourable Court;

(2) An order that the 1st and 2nd Defendants not use the words "After Coffee"
in the 1st and 2nd Defendants' Facebook and Instagram pages and in any form of
advertisements, until the trial of this action or further order of this
Honourable Court;

(3) An injunction to restrain the 1st and 2nd Defendants as well as their
employees, servants, agents, associates, nominees, proxies, successors,
assigns, or affiliates or any of them or otherwise howsoever from using the
Plaintiff's Confidential Information or any part thereof for any purpose;

(4) An order for the delivery up or destruction upon oath of all printed or
written matter or documents containing the Plaintiff's Confidential
Information …

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

6 On 30 December 2020, the plaintiff made an ex parte application, HC/SUM
5714/2020 (“SUM 5714”), seeking leave to apply for an order of committal
against the defendants for acting in contempt with regard to the Orders,
pursuant to O 52 r 2 of the Rules of Court read with s 4 of the Administration
of Justice (Protection) Act 2016 (Act 19 of 2016) (“AJPA”). After considering
the plaintiff’s submissions and Ho’s affidavit evidence dated 30 December
2020, I granted leave to the plaintiff to apply for an order of committal
against the defendants on 17 March 2021.

7 On 26 March 2021, the plaintiff filed SUM 1432 for an order of committal to
be made against the defendants. In addition, on 20 April 2021, the plaintiff
filed SUM 1821 for the plaintiff to be at liberty to cross-examine Tan in
relation to Tan’s Reply Affidavit, in which Tan denied that he had breached
the Orders.

8 On 23 April 2021, after hearing parties’ submissions, I allowed SUM 1821 and
SUM 1432. I found that the defendants had acted in contempt by using the
plaintiff's recipes, which were confidential information, in respect of a few
beverages in the outlets. I imposed a fine of $30,000.00 for the contempt (in
default, five weeks' imprisonment) on Tan.

9 The defendants have since filed an appeal against my decision to allow SUM
1821 and SUM 1432. I now set out the grounds of my decision.

Factual background

10 On or about 6 November 2019, one Lee Eng Tat (“Lee”), the majority
shareholder of the plaintiff, acting on behalf of the plaintiff, and Tan
executed a master franchise agreement for Singapore titled “After Coffee Agent
Cooperation Agreement” (the “Master Franchise Agreement”) which provided for
Tan to be appointed as the official franchisee of the “After Coffee” brand in
Singapore. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Ho’s 2nd Affidavit at p 22; Lee’s 1st Affidavit at para 41.

11 The parties’ accounts of what transpired subsequently differed materially.
These differences are material to the resolution of the main trial. For these
grounds of decision, the parties’ differing accounts are only relevant as
background:

(a) According to the plaintiff, Tan incorporated Stay Victory on 12 November
2019 to be used as the corporate vehicle to operate the franchise of “After
Coffee” in Singapore pursuant to Clause 4 of the Master Franchise Agreement. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Ho’s 2nd Affidavit at p 23; Lee’s 1st Affidavit at paras 42 to 43; Answers to
interrogatories by Tan Swee Meng dated 13 April 2021 (“Tan’s answers to
interrogatories”) at para 8.

Tan also became a shareholder of the plaintiff in consideration of an
extension of a RMB5,000,000.00 loan to the plaintiff to open more “After
Coffee” outlets in China. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Lee’s 1st Affidavit at paras 49 to 51.

Lee and Ho would take a minority stake in Stay Victory to give them a stake in
Singapore’s “After Coffee” franchise through Coffee Cupital Pte Ltd (“Coffee
Cupital”), a company incorporated in Singapore. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Lee’s 1st Affidavit at paras 49(g) and 50(e).

Even after Tan became a shareholder, he remained a master franchisee for
Singapore and parties continued to focus their efforts on establishing the
“After Coffee” franchise in Singapore between December 2019 and June 2020. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Lee’s 1st Affidavit at para 52.

The plaintiff disseminated to Tan and Stay Victory confidential information
and trade secrets of its “After Coffee” business, including the recipes,
standards and designs, branding, store get-up and design, staff training and
store operations,. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Lee’s 1st Affidavit at para 52.

On 23 December 2019, Tan (on behalf of Stay Victory) signed a letter of offer
to take a lease at Vivocity for a period of three years for operation of a
business named “After Coffee” (the “Vivocity Initial Lease”). 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Affidavit of Tan Swee Meng dated 7 October 2020 (“Tan’s 1st Affidavit”) at
para 94; Lee’s 1st Affidavit at p 190.

Even in May 2020, Lee granted an interview to a magazine, 8 Days, to promote
the opening of “After Coffee” at Vivocity. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Lee’s 1st Affidavit at para 59.

The plaintiff’s position was that it had been under the continuing impression
that the store at Vivocity was to be the franchisee of “After Coffee”.

(b) In contrast, Tan claimed that he had suggested that the Master Franchise
Agreement be terminated and replaced with a joint venture approximately two
weeks after it was signed. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Tan’s answers to interrogatories at para 8.

Instead of Stay Victory being the franchisee under the Master Franchise
Agreement, it would be a joint venture company between Coffee Cupital and Tan.
15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Tan’s 1st Affidavit at para 15.

Based on Lee’s representation that he had lent RMB3,000,000.00 to the
plaintiff towards redevelopment of the business, Tan agreed to lend
RMB5,000,000.00 to further develop the business. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Tan’s 1st Affidavit at para 15.

The breakdown in the relationship occurred when Lee was asked to show proof of
his RMB3,000,000.00 expenditure on the development of the “After Coffee”
brand. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Tan’s 1st Affidavit at paras 15 and 17.

As a result, Tan had “no choice but to continue some form of business as the
lease for the shop premises was already acquired”. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Tan’s 1st Affidavit at para 19.

12 Regardless of the true circumstances as to the parties’ business
relationship at the material time, it is undisputed that the defendants began
operation of the “Beyond Coffee” store at Vivocity (the “Vivocity Outlet”) in
July 2020 which also retails beverages with a combination of fruits and
coffee. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Tan’s answers to interrogatories at para 4.

On 29 January 2021, the Vivocity Initial Lease was terminated and replaced
with a fresh lease on the same terms but signed by Umbrella Ventures Pte Ltd
(“Umbrella Ventures”) instead of Stay Victory. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Tan’s answers to interrogatories at para 1.

Umbrella Ventures is owned by another company, Famous 5 Holdings Pte Ltd whose
sole director and shareholder is Tan. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Affidavit of Ho Pei Jia Anna dated 21 April 2021 (Ho’s 6th Affidavit”) at pp
69 to 74.

13 On or around 20 February 2021, the defendants also commenced operation of a
second “Beyond Coffee” store at Bukit Batok (the “Bukit Batok Outlet”). 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Tan’s answers to interrogatories at para 2.

The Vivocity Outlet and the Bukit Batok Outlet will be collectively referred
to as “the Outlets” in these grounds of decision.

SUM 1821

14 SUM 1821 was the plaintiff’s application to cross-examine Tan in relation
to Tan’s Reply Affidavit. The plaintiff submitted that since Tan had made
various vague or misleading responses in Tan’s Reply Affidavit, cross-
examination was necessary to clarify his position. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Affidavit of Ho Pei Jia Anna dated 21 April 2021 (“Ho’s 7th Affidavit”) at
para 11.

For instance, Tan made only bare assertions that the ingredients to the
recipes of “Beyond Coffee” beverages had been changed, and refused to provide
any evidence to that effect besides stating that a mixologist was hired to
concoct new recipes. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Ho’s 7th Affidavit at para 13(c).

As such, cross-examination was critical to establish whether Tan had intended
to breach the Orders. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Ho’s 7th Affidavit at para 12.

15 Tan opposed SUM 1821 on the basis that all the alleged breaches had been
responded to in written evidence. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Defendants’ skeletal submissions opposing cross examination dated 22 April
2021 (“DWS2”) at para 1.

Cross-examination was intended to go into matters reserved for trial or not
pleaded, and was a backdoor attempt to circumvent the requirement that any
charge not stated in the contempt should not be traversed at the hearing. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

DWS2 at para 1.

Tan relied on the dicta of Lord Denning MR (as he then was) in Comet Products
UK Ltd v Hawkex Plastics Ltd and another [1971] 2 QB 67 (“Comet Products”) (at
75) to submit that cross-examination was generally unsuitable for civil
contempt proceedings.

16 After considering the parties’ submissions, I allowed SUM 1821. In my view,
it was in the interests of justice to allow the plaintiff to cross-examine Tan
in relation to the vague assertions made in Tan’s Reply Affidavit. This was
essential to assist this court in making a finding as to whether Tan had
intended to breach the Orders. It would also provide an opportunity for Tan to
provide convincing details to exculpate himself.

17 Tan relied upon the following portions of Lord Denning’s judgment in Comet
Products (at 74–75):

So that brings me to the final question: Ought a judge to rule that Mr.
Hawkins should be cross-examined on his affidavit? It is to be remembered that
this power to cross-examine is a matter for the discretion of the judge who is
trying the case. If the cross-examination could be limited to the particular
circumstances of this alleged contempt, then it might be right to permit it.
But in the course of the discussion, and particularly that of this morning, it
has become plain that the plaintiffs, through their advisers, desire a much
wider cross-examination than that. Mr. Sparrow has referred us to the
importance of a wilful intent, or a fraudulent intent, in passing off actions;
he says that he wishes to prove that the defendant intended to deceive … Mr.
Sparrow wishes to cross-examine to show, not only that, in this new carton,
the defendant was intending to deceive, but also to show that he had the
intent all the way along; and in particular that he had the intent in regard
to the original Home Hair Trimmer. It seems to me that such a claim to cross-
examine does mean that he will be investigating the whole of the circumstances
of the defendant, including the circumstances leading to the original action.
However much he may disclaim it, it seems to me plain that Mr. Sparrow, if he
were to cross-examine, would claim to investigate the defendant's state of
mind from the beginning, and to cross-examine as to credit, as to character
and so forth, all the way along the line.

Now the question is: Ought leave to be allowed to cross-examine the defendant
in such a way, and on such a scale, in these proceedings? Here we must have
regard to the fact that this is in the nature of a criminal charge. It is not
a claim to recover compensation from the defendant; it is a claim to enforce
the injunction. The only permissible object of this application is to punish
the defendant - to impose sanctions against him - for wilful disobedience to
an order of the court. When the defendant is faced with such a charge, I feel
that the genius of the common law should prevail. The common law would not
wish him to be cross-examined in the way that is suggested. Such a cross-
examination would range over the whole of his state of mind on other occasions
and in other circumstances, whereas the one issue is whether there has been a
passing off of this red carton. If this cross-examination were to be pursued,
I can see question after question put, and objection after objection raised,
extending over a long time. I do not think that would be appropriate in what
in effect is a criminal charge. Therefore as a matter of discretion, as it is,
the cross-examination ought not to be allowed. I think the judge would not
have allowed it if he had known the range of cross-examination which it is
sought to apply in this case.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

18 In my view, Comet Products was of no assistance to Tan. It was clear to me
from Lord Denning’s judgment that the basis upon which he held that cross-
examination of the defendant, as a matter of discretion, ought not to have
been exercised was the exceptionally wide scope of the cross-examination
sought by the plaintiff. In the learned judge’s own words, the scope of cross-
examination sought would be “investigating the whole of the circumstances of
the defendant, including the circumstances leading to the original action”.
This was readily distinguishable from the present case. The plaintiff sought
only to cross-examine Tan on Tan’s Reply Affidavit, which pertained mainly to
his responses on the alleged retention and use of confidential information of
the plaintiff including the plaintiff’s recipes. This was the very subject
matter of the alleged contempt. The cross-examination could be limited
specifically to that and did not need to traverse the entirety of the
underlying breach of confidence and passing off claims.

19 I did not accept Tan’s general proposition that cross-examination was
generally unsuitable for civil contempt proceedings. A closer reading of the
case pointed to the opposite. I found support in Megaw LJ’s persuasive
analysis in Comet Products (at 76–77) where he rejected a similar suggestion:

… In general I think that in interlocutory proceedings, where there is a bona
fide application to cross-examine a deponent on his affidavit, that
application should normally be granted. There can be no suggestion here that
the application on behalf of the plaintiffs is anything other than bona fide.
But for Mr. Hawkins it was said that, against a person whose committal for
contempt of court is sought, such an order should be made only in the most
exceptional circumstances. I do not accept that. The general proposition I
think is too widely stated. But the fact that it is a proceeding which may
result in punishment, whether by imprisonment or fine or sequestration, is not
irrelevant. It is a proper factor to be taken into consideration by the judge,
along with other factors, in proceedings such as this where an application for
cross-examination is resisted. What weight it will have depend on the
circumstances of the particular case. In some cases it may have little or no
weight. One feature which may make it of substantial weight is when it becomes
apparent that the necessary result of the cross-examination, while the cross-
examination is perfectly properly conducted, is likely at the best to have a
very small relevance to the issue which the judge has to decide in comparison
with the effect it may have on the matters in the litigation, which are not
properly in issue on the contempt motion.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

20 Similarly, Cross LJ in Comet Products opined (at 77) that:

… It is, I think, only in a very exceptional case that a judge ought to refuse
an application to cross-examine a deponent on his affidavit. But this is a
very exceptional case for counsel for the plaintiffs made it clear to us, as
it was perhaps not made clear to the judge, that he proposed to use the
opportunity of cross-examining Mr. Hawkins on this motion which relates only
to the red and black box, for the purpose of investigating his state of mind
when he put the gold and white box on the market … So the cross-examination
would largely be directed to a collateral purpose. …

[emphasis added]

21 As such, I did not understand Comet Products to be authority for the
proposition that cross-examination was generally unsuitable for civil contempt
proceedings. On the contrary, it is a matter of discretion for the judge
taking into account the possible consequence of imprisonment, the scope of the
intended cross-examination and the utility of the cross-examination to the
inquiry in the contempt proceedings. Thus, given the utility of cross-
examination for the purposes of determining whether Tan had intended to
disobey or breach the Orders, I exercised my discretion to allow the plaintiff
to cross-examine Tan on a limited scope relating to the alleged continued use
of the plaintiff’s recipes.

SUM 1432

22 Before turning to my decision on SUM 1432, I briefly set out the law on
contempt of court.

The law

23 The purpose of committal proceedings is to ensure compliance with orders of
court and to punish the offender for his contempt (see BTS Tankers Pte Ltd v
Energy & Commodity Pte Ltd and others [2021] SGHC 58 (“BTS Tankers”) at [62]).
Committal proceedings are usually a remedy of last resort when all other
attempts to make the offender comply with orders of court fail (see Mok Kah
Hong v Zheng Zhuan Yao [2016] 3 SLR 1 (“Mok Kah Hong”) at [96]).

24 The law on contempt of court, in relation to disobedience or a breach of a
court order, is stated in s 4(1)(a) of the AJPA which provides the following:

Contempt by disobedience of court order or undertaking, etc.

4.—(1) Any person who —

(a) intentionally disobeys or breaches any judgment, decree, direction, order,
writ or other process of a court; or

…

commits a contempt of court.

25 The case law has set out the following guidance on the element of intention
(see Mok Kah Hong (at [86]) and BTS Tankers at [63]):

… [A]s regards the issue of the requisite mens rea to establish contempt for
disobedience of court orders, it is accepted that it is only necessary to
prove that the relevant conduct of the party alleged to be in breach of the
court order was intentional and that it knew of all the facts which made such
conduct a breach of the order … This necessarily includes knowledge of the
existence of the order and its material terms. It is, however, not necessary
to establish that the party had appreciated that it was breaching the order.
Therefore, the motive or intention of the party who had acted in breach of the
order is strictly irrelevant to the issue of liability though it may have a
material bearing in determining the appropriate penalty to be imposed.

[emphasis in original]

26 Therefore, the contemnor need only intend to do acts which he knows would
make him breach a coercive court order; his motive is strictly irrelevant to
the issue of his liability (see also Tan Beow Hiong v Tan Boon Aik [2010] 4
SLR 870 at [47]; PT Sandipala Arthaputra v STMicroelectronics Asia Pacific Pte
Ltd and others [2018] 4 SLR 828 at [47] and [48]; Tay Yun Chwan Henry v Chan
Siew Lee Jannie [2018] SGHC 181 at [44]; and VDZ v VEA [2020] 4 SLR 921 at
[33]).

27 It is well-established that the standard of proof that must be met for
establishing contempt of court is that of beyond reasonable doubt (see s 28 of
the AJPA).

The parties’ cases

28 The plaintiff submitted that the defendants failed to comply with the
Orders because, amongst other things, they failed to stop using the
plaintiff’s recipes – which were confidential information belonging to the
plaintiff – in respect of beverages sold at the Outlets. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Ho’s 2nd Affidavit at para 16.

This, in my view, was the sting of the plaintiff’s case in SUM 1432. The
plaintiff engaged Commercial Investigations (CPIS) LLP (“CPIS”), a private
investigation firm, to conduct an investigation on the Vivocity Outlet and
determine whether changes had been made to the recipes of the “Beyond Coffee”
beverages as compared to the recipes of the original “After Coffee” beverages.
29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Ho’s 2nd Affidavit at para 31.

According to CPIS, on 29 November 2020, Tan’s staff confirmed, in the presence
of their store manager Bernice Chia (“Bernice”), that “no changes” had been
made to the beverages. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Ho’s 2nd Affidavit at para 32 and p 246.

As such, the plaintiff submitted that any changes made to the menu of “Beyond
Coffee” were simply cosmetic. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Ho’s 2nd Affidavit at para 33.

29 On 13 December 2020, the plaintiff wrote to the defendants asking them to
set out the changes made to the “Beyond Coffee” beverages in compliance with
the Orders. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Ho’s 2nd Affidavit at p 259.

On 24 December 2020, the defendants responded that since they no longer had
the plaintiff’s recipe booklet, they were unable to set out the exact changes
made unless the plaintiff disclosed the recipes of the “After Coffee”
beverages to them. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Ho’s 2nd Affidavit at p 264.

Despite taking the position that changes had been made to the recipes used in
the Outlets, Tan refused to disclose the particulars of those changes. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions dated 20 April 2021 (“PWS1”) at paras 93 to
99.

30 Tan submitted that there was no continued use of the plaintiff’s recipes in
breach of the Orders because he took steps to change the recipes. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Defendants’ written submissions opposing contempt proceedings dated 20 April
2021 (“DWS1”) at para 19.

He claimed that by 27 October 2020, he had changed the entire menu at the
Vivocity Outlet and was selling beverages with new recipes. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Tan’s answers to interrogatories at para 4.

These changes included changes to the ingredients, manner of preparation of
the ingredients and the beverages’ names. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Tan’s answers to interrogatories at para 4.

Tan had also engaged a mixologist to create new beverages for “Beyond Coffee”.
38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Tan’s answers to interrogatories at para 4.

As a result, different recipes were used. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

DWS1 at Annex A, p 9.

Tan was unable to recall the recipes for the beverages he was selling without
the original recipes and it would be unreasonable and impossible to expect him
to identify the detailed differences in recipes (and proportions) of the
changes made. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

DWS1 at Annex A, p 10.

My decision

31 It was undisputed that Tan had notice of the Order. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Transcript (23 April 2021) at p 2 (lines 21 to 26).

Having regard to s 4(1)(a) of the AJPA, the main issue in this case was
whether the defendants had intentionally disobeyed or breached the Orders by
continuing to use the plaintiff’s recipes in the beverages sold at the
Outlets. That the plaintiff’s recipes were also confidential information
belonging to the plaintiff was not disputed. Based on the parties’ submissions
and the evidence before me, I was satisfied beyond a reasonable doubt that the
defendants had intentionally disobeyed the Orders by using the plaintiff’s
recipes, albeit with minor changes, in respect of a few beverages in the
Outlets and thus committed contempt of court for the following reasons.

32 I noted Tan’s admission that the defendants did utilise the plaintiff’s
recipes for the beverages sold when the Vivocity Outlet was initially opened
in or around July 2020. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Tan’s answers to interrogatories at para 4.

The Orders were made on 23 October 2020. However, Tan claimed that by 27
October 2020, he had changed the “entire menu and [was] selling beverages with
new recipes”. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Tan’s answers to interrogatories at para 4.

I acknowledged that despite letters having been sent to the defendants
requesting details of those changes (see [29] above), no details were
forthcoming. I did not consider it too difficult to summarise the relevant
changes made even if the defendants no longer had the exact recipes. Since the
filing of SUM 5714 on 30 December 2020, the defendants had notice of the
impending contempt proceedings, but no steps were taken by the defendants to
clarify the changes made to the recipes of beverages sold at “Beyond Coffee”.
Thus, I accepted that an order of committal in this case was the last resort
to ensure that the defendants comply with the Orders.

33 This case turned on Tan’s evidence regarding the changes he made to the
recipes of the beverages sold at the Outlets to comply with the Orders.
However, upon cross-examination of Tan, it was clear to me that he was an
untruthful witness. Tan gave evidence that on the second day after the Orders
were made, he employed a freelance mixologist (“Jeffrey”) to redesign the
beverages. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Transcript (23 April 2021) at p 3 (lines 7 to 25).

Tan said that his instructions to the mixologist was to follow the existing
menu which specified the ingredients of each beverage and develop it. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Transcript (23 April 2021) at pp 4 (lines 29 to 30) to 5 (lines 1 to 26) and p
8 (lines 25 to 30).

Within two hours, Jeffrey gave Tan a handwritten document of two to three
pages where he wrote over 20 recipes (the “Mixologist’s Recipes”) with the
quantities of the ingredients stated. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Transcript (23 April 2021) at pp 6 (lines 14 to 30), 7, 8 (lines 1 to 5) and
30 (lines 18 to 20).

After receiving the Mixologist’s Recipes, Tan said that he had checked the
main ingredients in the Mixologist’s Recipes against the plaintiff’s recipes
to “make sure that it’s not the same recipe”. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Transcript (23 April 2021) at pp 9 (lines 27 to 30), 10 (lines 1 to 8), 11
(lines 1 to 6 and lines 28 to 30).

He claimed that he had asked one of his employees to have a look at the
Mixologist’s Recipes to see if there was a difference with the plaintiff’s
recipes because he did not want to get into trouble. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Transcript (23 April 2021) at p 27 (lines 1 to 13).

He also said that he told Bernice that the Mixologist’s Recipes would be the
new recipes and the old recipes were all to be disregarded. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Transcript (23 April 2021) at pp 27 (lines 28 to 30) to 28 (lines 1 to 10).

He asked Bernice to “check as well” that the new recipes were different from
the old ones and had handed over the same handwritten document to Bernice and
asked her to enter the records into the computer. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Transcript (23 April 2021) at pp 29 (lines 22 to 28) to 30 (lines 1 to 7).

He reminded Bernice to “ensure that the new recipe [was] followed”. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Transcript (23 April 2021) at p 33 (lines 12 to 18).

The shop was able to start using the new recipes the very next day. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Transcript (23 April 2021) at p 38 (lines 1 to 8).

34 To give Tan the opportunity to corroborate his evidence, a WhatsApp call
was made to Tan’s employee, Bernice, with Tan’s consent. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Transcript (23 April 2021) at p 22 (lines 8 to 13).

Parties had not raised any objections to hearing evidence from Bernice. I was
of the view that it would be expedient in the interests of justice to do so.
After hearing Bernice’s evidence, I also obtained Bernice’s confirmation that
all she had told the court over the WhatsApp call was the truth. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Transcript (23 April 2021) at pp 74 (lines 22 to 23) to 75 (lines 1 to 5).

35 Far from corroborating Tan’s evidence, Bernice’s evidence materially
contradicted it. Most importantly, Tan’s claims to have passed the
Mixologist’s Recipes to Bernice and asked her to check that they were not the
same as the plaintiff’s recipes were undermined. When being asked about the
Mixologist’s Recipes, Bernice said that she did not have any recollection of
them or being asked to compare them with the plaintiff’s recipes. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Transcript (23 April 2021) at p 51 (lines 2 to 26).

She was never told by Tan to make sure that the beverages sold were different
from those sold by “After Coffee”. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Transcript (23 April 2021) at p 50 (lines 21 to 30).

Clearly, she could not have been asked to enter the new recipes from the
Mixologist’s Recipes into the computer records either. Bernice was not even
aware of any court order being made against Tan or the company. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Transcript (23 April 2021) at p 48 (lines 17 to 23).

36 Additionally, Tan’s claim that he had changed the entire menu at the
Vivocity Outlet to sell beverages with new recipes was not corroborated by
Bernice. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Tan’s answers to interrogatories at para 4.

According to Bernice, there was no major overhaul of all the recipes in one
instance but there were minor incremental refinements instead made by the
staff and Jeffrey. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Transcript (23 April 2021) at pp 46 (lines 22 to 30), 49 (lines 15 to 25), 55
(lines 27 to 30) and 56 (lines 1 to 11).

She recalled that there was a change in the display of the menu around the end
of October 2020 but it seemed that it was more of an aesthetic change to the
menu rather than a change to the content of the menu. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Transcript (23 April 2021) at pp 49 (lines 26 to 31) and 50 (lines 1 to 10).

This raised severe doubts as to the truthfulness of Tan’s evidence that he had
changed the menu to comply with the Orders.

37 I also considered the alleged changes that Tan had purportedly taken to
modify the plaintiff’s recipes. In giving evidence, Tan was unable to remember
the changes made to the plaintiff’s recipes. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Transcript (23 April 2021) at p 16 (lines 2 to 9).

He said that he had no input into the changes because he was not trained. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Transcript (23 April 2021) at p 3 (lines 16 to 25).

He was also not familiar with the mixing and preparations of the beverages. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Transcript (23 April 2021) at p 11 (lines 15 to 18).

Tan said that Bernice would know how to prepare the beverages. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Transcript (23 April 2021) at p 18 (lines 7 to 29).

As it turned out, Bernice had excellent and precise memory of the ingredients
and methods of preparation of the beverages she was questioned on.

38 For ease of comparison, I set out a table showing the comparison between
the plaintiff’s recipes for a sample of “After Coffee” beverages and Bernice’s
evidence as to the recipes of comparable “Beyond Coffee” beverages currently
sold at the Outlets: 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Ho’s 2nd Affidavit at pp 35 to 42; Transcript (23 April 2021) at pp 59 to 74.

Beverage name| Beverage ingredients  
---|---  
After Coffee|  Beyond Coffee| After Coffee|  Beyond Coffee  
Good Morning| Go Banana’s | Espresso (30g)Simple syrup (30g)Water (150g)Ice (80%)Banana milk foam| Espresso (30ml)Honey mix (20ml)Water (150ml)Ice (70-80%)Banana milk foamTorched banana slices  
Miss Pineapple| Pineapple Pop| Pineapple slices (30g)Pineapple concentrate
(30g)Simple syrup (10g)Ice (80%) Soda water (150g)Cold extraction (50g)|
Pineapple slices (30g) Pineapple concentrate (30ml)Honey mix (10ml)IceSoda
water (150ml)Cold extraction (50ml)Torched star anise (1 piece)  
Must try| Tomato Tango| Tomato halves (8)Lime slices (3)Passionfruit syrup
(30g)Simple syrup (10g) Water (150g) Cold extraction (50g)Seaweed (1)| Cherry
tomatoes (4-5)Lime wedges (3)Passionfruit syrup (25ml)Honey mix (10ml)Water
(150ml)Cold extraction (50ml)Seaweed (1)Mint leaf (1)  
Be lost| Something about Mary| Lemon slices (3) Rosemary stems (3)
Passionfruit syrup (20g)Passionfruit flesh (10g)Simple syrup (15g)Apple juice
(200g)Ice (150g)Cold extraction (50g)| Lemon slices (3)Rosemary stems
(2)Passionfruit syrup (23g)Passionfruit flesh (10g)Honey mix (10ml)Apple-grape
juice (200ml)Coffee or fruit extract (50ml)Ice (70%)Torched rosemary stem (1)  
  
39 I observed that the main ingredients used in the sample of beverages were
substantially the same even though there were minor differences. Even the
names appeared to bear some degree of similarity. As Bernice explained, honey
mix was a standard ingredient added to all the beverages. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Transcript (23 April 2021) at p 64 (lines 1 to 7).

This was in replacement of “simple syrup” in the plaintiff’s recipes. There
was also the addition of garnishes or toppings such as torched banana slices
in “Go Banana’”, a torched star anise in “Pineapple Pop”, a mint leaf in
“Tomato Tango”, a torched rosemary in “Something about Mary”. In “Something
about Mary”, apple juice was changed to “apple-grape juice” and there was the
possibility of replacing “cold extraction” (ie, coffee 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Transcript (23 April 2021) at p 68 (lines 9 to 10).

) with fruit extract. However, in my view, these changes were not sufficient
to comply with the spirit of the Orders. It did not suffice for Tan to simply
ensure that he was not using identical recipes with the plaintiff. Since the
Orders were made to ensure that the defendants would also not use any of the
plaintiff’s confidential information for any purpose, it would be undermining
the spirit of the Orders to allow the defendants to use the substance of the
recipes but make only minor changes to “technically” comply with the Orders.

40 In effect, Tan’s instructions to Jeffrey revealed that he intended to
continue using the plaintiff’s recipes even after the Orders. It was telling
that when cross-examined on why his instructions to Jeffrey were not to come
up with beverages that were significantly different from the plaintiff’s
recipe, Tan revealed that he was phasing out their recipes because of
commercial interests and the money spent on publicity. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Transcript (23 April 2021) at pp 36 (lines 23 to 30) and 37 (lines 1 to 7).

The relevant evidence given was as follows:

Q Why didn’t you tell Jeffrey to come up with drinks that are more
significantly different from the after coffee recipe, my client’s recipe? Why
must they match or be similar to after coffee drinks? Why don’t you just come
up with another egg? Why must it be salted egg yolk for example? Why must it
be tomato when it could have been apple?

A A lot of money had been spent on PR. It’s---it’s social media, Instagram and
a lot of publicity. I can’t just change the name or the ga---I just change the
drink completely because they will look at the company in a very different
manner on the very day but through the days and through the months, we are
actually phasing out their recipe.

Court: Phasing out the plaintiff’s recipe?

Witness: Yes, because it’s---

Q I’m going to repeat what you just said. You said “Through the months and the
days, we are phasing out the plaintiff’s recipes”, that’s your evidence?

A We can’t run a company and---and change again every---immediately because
social media had been posted, sharing, Facebook, influencer, blogger has all
been written on it. And we have---and we have customer follow us, fans so we
can’t change overnight.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

41 The plaintiff submitted that Tan’s response that the phasing out would take
months and his acknowledgment of the commercial interest in not changing the
beverages immediately betrayed his intention to continue using the plaintiff’s
recipes in breach of the Orders. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Transcript (23 April 2021) at p 100 (lines 5 to 16).

I agreed with this. Tan’s admission as to the commercial motive fortified my
finding that Tan had intentionally made only cosmetic changes to the
plaintiff’s recipes but kept the substance of the plaintiff’s recipes intact.
Thus, I found that the defendants had committed contempt of court in respect
of the few beverages identified (see [38] above).

Sentence

42 As the Court of Appeal set out in Mok Kah Hong (at [104]), the following
non-exhaustive factors should be considered by the court in determining the
appropriate sentence for civil contempt by disobedience:

(a) whether the claimant has been prejudiced by virtue of the contempt and
whether the prejudice is capable of remedy;

(b) the extent to which the contemnor has acted under pressure;

(c) whether the breach of the order was deliberate or unintentional;

(d) the degree of culpability;

(e) whether the contemnor has been placed in breach of the order by reason of
the conduct of others;

(f) whether the contemnor appreciates the seriousness of the deliberate
breach; and

(g) whether the contemnor has co-operated.

43 The plaintiff submitted that the breach was not a one-off breach but were
continuing breaches that went “towards the heart of the Order” with no attempt
made to correct the breaches. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

PWS1 at paras 108 to 110.

As such, an imprisonment term was appropriate and, in the alternative, a
substantial fine should be imposed. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

PWS1 at para 112.

44 The defendants submitted that any breaches were only unintentional and
there was no bad faith or flagrant disregard of the Orders. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

DWS1 at para 19.

On the contrary, Tan took steps to change the recipes. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

DWS1 at para 19.

As such, a warning would serve as an adequate deterrent and Tan was ready and
willing to remedy any breaches deemed as such by this court. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

DWS1 at para 20.

45 Having regard to the guidance set out in Mok Kah Hong, I held that a fine
of $30,000.00 (in default, five weeks’ imprisonment) was an appropriate
sentence to impose on Tan in this case. I noted that he did make some attempts
to modify some of the recipes and employ Jeffrey. However, there was
undeniable prejudice occasioned to the plaintiff by the defendants’ continued
use of the plaintiff’s confidential recipes despite the Orders. Tan’s breach
of the Orders was also deliberate to some extent given that he admitted to the
commercial interests behind his decision not to make radical “overnight
changes” but only to make minor modifications to the plaintiff’s recipes. I
did not find it necessary to impose a separate fine on Stay Victory.

Conclusion

46 For the reasons set out above, I found that the defendants had committed
contempt of court by using the plaintiff’s recipes, which were confidential
information of the plaintiff, in respect of a few beverages in the Outlets in
breach of the Orders. I imposed a fine of $30,000.00 (in default, five weeks’
imprisonment) on Tan to be paid by 12 noon on 10 May 2021. I ordered the
defendants to immediately cease using any of the plaintiff’s recipes in the
beverages sold at the Outlets. I also warned Tan that if there was any further
contempt, the punishment would be unlikely to be a fine.

47 As for costs, I ordered the defendants to pay to the plaintiff the sums of
$3,000.00 and reasonable disbursements for SUM 5714, and $12,000.00 and
reasonable disbursements for SUM 1821 and SUM 1432.

Chan Seng Onn  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Chia Jin Chong Daniel and Tan Ei Leen (Coleman Street Chambers LLC) for the
plaintiff;

Chan Yew Loong Justin and Jaspreet Kaur Purba (Tito Isaac & Co LLP) for the
respondents.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 22 Jun 2021 (11:09 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

