Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

THE HIGH court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC 77

Suit No 908 of 2015

(Assessment of Damages No 1 of 2020)

Between

| Christian Joachim Pollmann  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| Ye Xianrong  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

JUDGMENT

[Damages] — [Measure of damages] — [Personal injuries cases]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Pollmann, Christian Joachim

  
v

  

Ye Xianrong

[2021] SGHC 77

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 908 of 2015 (Assessment of
Damages No 1 of 2020)  
Vinodh Coomaraswamy J  
14–17, 22, 24 January, 30, 31 March, 8, 15 June 2020

26 April 2021 Judgment reserved.

Vinodh Coomaraswamy J:

Introduction

1 In November 2014, 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC (4 October 2016) at para 5.

the plaintiff suffered a number of serious injuries in a road accident. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Statement of Claim (3 September 2015) at para 4.

I found the defendant to be 100% liable for the plaintiff’s injuries and
ordered that the plaintiff’s damages be assessed (see Pollmann, Christian
Joachim v Ye Xianrong [2017] SGHC 229 at [99]). This judgment assesses those
damages.

Background facts

2 The plaintiff is a Swiss national. At the date of the accident, he was
employed in Singapore at Bank Julius Baer (“BJB”). His internal rank was that
of an executive director (“ED”) and his title was Head of Market Business
Development in Asia. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 2.

3 The plaintiff was aged 38 and married at the date of the accident. His wife
was aged 37 at the date of the accident. The plaintiff and his wife have two
children, who were aged one and three at the date of the accident.

4 The plaintiff is neither a citizen of Singapore nor a permanent resident of
Singapore. He was employed at BJB 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC at para 40.

on an employment pass. Despite this, both parties are content to have his
damages assessed as though all of his future loss will be incurred in
Singapore.

5 It was appreciated from the outset by the defendant, or those who stand
behind him, that the plaintiff’s claim for damages was likely to be
substantial. The defendant has therefore made interim payments to the
plaintiff amounting to $3,100,000 over the course of these proceedings. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 7.

These interim payments will naturally have to be brought into account against
the sums awarded in this assessment.

6 As for the assessment itself, counsel have sensibly and pragmatically agreed
a large number of one-off items of loss and damage. The agreed items are set
out in Annex A. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at Annex A; Defendant’s Reply Submissions at
para 558.

Despite counsel’s best efforts, however, a number of heads of loss remain in
contention. The contested heads of loss are listed at Annex B. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at Annex B; Defendant’s Reply Submissions at
para 558.

The two largest and most contentious heads of loss are losses which extend
into the future: loss of future earnings and future medical expenses. The
difference between the parties on these two heads of loss involve questions of
fundamental principle as well as fact. The remaining heads of loss in
contention are one-off losses. The difference between the parties on these
heads of loss are simply questions of present or projected fact.

7 Before addressing the disputed heads of loss in turn, it is convenient to
address the questions of fundamental principle which divides the parties on
the assessment of plaintiff’s future losses.

The multiplier-multiplicand approach

The traditional approach

8 An award of damages for future losses arising from non-fatal personal
injuries is intended to place a lump sum of money in the plaintiff’s hands
which he can draw down upon at periodic intervals over the expected duration
of his loss, taking into account the vicissitudes of life, such that the lump
sum is reduced to zero at the end of that duration, after taking into account
the time value of money (see Quek Yen Fei Kenneth (by his litigation
representative Pang Choy Chun) v Yeo Chye Huat and another appeal [2017] 2 SLR
229 (“Kenneth Quek” at [43]–[44] and [58]).

9 The damages for a particular head of future loss have traditionally been
calculated using the formula ![Math Equation](data:image/Png;base64,
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)
(Kenneth Quek (at [42]):

… The multiplicand represents the quantum of loss, whether in terms of an
incurrence of medical expenses (for [future medical expenses]) or a reduction
of earnings (for [loss of future earnings]), that the claimant is expected to
suffer at periodic intervals in the future. The multiplier, in turn, is the
mathematical tool used to calculate the lump-sum present value of the stream
of future periodic losses across the remaining life expectancy and the
remaining working life … of the claimant.

10 Determining the multiplicand, while fraught with difficulty, is ultimately
no more or less difficult than the court’s usual task in making findings of
contested present or projected fact. Determining the multiplier, on the other
hand, poses all of those difficulties plus additional difficulties of concept
and of principle. Those additional difficulties lead to differences of
approach which have the potential to have a significant effect on the quantum
of damages awarded.

Determining the multiplier

11 The multiplier represents the number of periods which comprise the total
duration of a particular head of loss. For loss of future earnings, the
duration of a plaintiff’s loss will be the remainder of his working life. For
future medical treatment, the duration of a plaintiff’s loss will be the
period for which he is likely to require that treatment. In the case of
lifelong medical treatment, the duration of the plaintiff’s loss will be the
rest of his natural life.

12 To avoid the risk of overcompensating a plaintiff, the multiplier must be
adjusted to account for two features.

13 One adjustment to the multiplier is to account for the time value of money,
or for accelerated receipt as it is traditionally known. A lump sum of money
in a plaintiff’s hands today has traditionally thought to be worth more to a
plaintiff than a stream of periodic payments equivalent in quantum to the
multiplicand over the duration of the plaintiff’s loss. This is because a
plaintiff can invest the lump sum in order to earn a real, positive rate of
return, ie, a rate of return which is above the inflation rate. That return
must be treated as part of the plaintiff’s compensation and must therefore be
brought into account. That is done by adjusting the multiplier to account for
the anticipated rate of achievable return. That anticipated rate of achievable
return is the discount rate. The conventional range for discount rates in
damages awards in Singapore is 4% to 5% (see Kenneth Quek at [65]).

14 The other adjustment to the multiplier is to account for what is called the
vicissitudes of life. The vicissitudes of life are factors which could shorten
the duration of the plaintiff’s loss and therefore reduce the plaintiff’s loss
as compared to the loss anticipated at the time of assessment. The primary
factor which could have this result, of course, is the possibility that the
plaintiff may die of causes unrelated to the tort before the expiry of the
duration of his loss anticipated at the date of assessment.

15 The Court of Appeal in Kenneth Quek noted that there are four approaches to
determining the multiplier (at [50]). Each approach deals with the two
adjustments to the multiplier in different ways. The precedent approach
determines the multiplier by analogy with past precedents. The arithmetic
approach determines the multiplier by the arithmetic formula for determining
the net present value of a stream of payments into the future. The actuarial
approach determines the multiplier by reference to actuarial tables. The
fixed-formula approach determines the multiplier by a formula fixed by
legislation.

16 In the absence of authoritative actuarial tables for Singapore lives, and
in the absence of any formula fixed by legislation, the precedent approach and
the arithmetic approach are to be preferred in Singapore. These two approaches
are to be used independently, with the precedent approach used to cross-check
the result obtained by the arithmetic approach so as to ensure consistency
with past awards in like cases (Kenneth Quek at [54]).

17 The precedent approach embeds the adjustment for both accelerated receipt
and the vicissitudes of life in the multipliers which the courts have selected
in past cases, albeit in a manner which has been until recently, unreasoned,
unarticulated, and ultimately unprincipled. The arithmetic approach uses a
formula which is a function of the discount rate for any given loss and
duration to calculate a multiplier. The multiplier calculated by this formula
adjusts only for the time value of money at the selected discount rate. A
multiplier derived by the arithmetic approach must therefore be adjusted
further to account for the vicissitudes of life (see Kenneth Quek at [58]).

18 Authoritative actuarial tables set out multipliers which incorporate an
evidence-based adjustment for life expectancy at a range of discount rates.
One of the advantages of the actuarial approach is therefore that it allows a
multiplier which is adjusted both for the time value of money and for the
vicissitudes of life to be selected from a single source.

Loss of future earnings

The plaintiff cannot return to gainful employment

19 The plaintiff advances his case for loss of future earnings on the basis
that he will not be able to return to gainful employment for the remainder of
his working life. The defendant does not suggest otherwise. This is no doubt
because the uncontested 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 3; Defendant’s Closing Submissions at
para 304.

medical evidence shows that the plaintiff has negligible prospects of
returning to gainful employment.

20 One of the plaintiff’s neurosurgeons, Dr Ivan Ng, gave evidence that the
plaintiff’s disabilities made it “impossible for [him] to work in his current
position [ie, as a director at BJB] or other form of gainful employment … the
level of disability is total (100%)” 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Affidavit of Dr Ng Hua Bak Ivan (19 November 2019) at p 59.

[emphasis added]. The plaintiff’s other neurosurgeon, Dr Alvin Hong, gave
evidence to similar effect: the plaintiff “cannot handle more than 1 task or
person at a time [and thus] his job prospects are limited … [e]ven doing
manual work is difficult because he cannot remember the full set of
instructions”. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Affidavit of Dr Alvin Hong (10 January 2020) at p 10.

21 Further, one of the plaintiff’s psychologists, Dr Tommy Tan, gave evidence
that the plaintiff’s injuries caused the plaintiff to suffer from major
depressive disorder and generalised anxiety disorder, 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Affidavit of Dr Tan Kay Seng Tommy (10 January 2020) at p 13, para 17.

which affect both his specific ability to work as a banker 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Affidavit of Dr Tan Kay Seng Tommy (10 January 2020) at p 14, para 21.

and his general ability to find gainful employment. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Affidavit of Dr Tan Kay Seng Tommy (10 January 2020) at p 14, paras 22–23.

The plaintiff’s psychiatrist, Dr Calvin Fones, gave evidence that “it is
impossible that [the plaintiff] achieves the level of vocational attainments
that he would have … It is highly unlikely that he will ever be able to secure
employment in the open, normal setting”. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Affidavit of Dr Fones Calvin Soon Leng (19 November 2019) at pp 29–30, para
56.

The multiplier

The plaintiff’s case

22 The plaintiff’s case on the multiplier is twofold. First, the plaintiff
advances a case on methodology to be adopted. Second, the plaintiff advances a
case on the discount rate to be selected.

23 On methodology, the plaintiff submits as follows. I should use the
actuarial approach either in place of or in addition to the arithmetic
approach. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at paras 145–146.

In particular, I can and should rely on the actuarial tables found in WS Chan,
FWH Chan and JSH Li, Personal Injuries Tables Singapore 2015 (Sweet & Maxwell,
2015) (“Singapore Tables”). 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at paras 135(c), 188, 196.

The Singapore Tables are an example of the type of actuarial tables which the
Court of Appeal endorsed in Kenneth Quek 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 135(g).

and in Poh Huat Heng Corp Pte Ltd v Hafizul Islam Kofil Uddin [2012] 3 SLR
1003 (“Hafizul”). 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions at para 9.

Moreover, the advantage of relying on the Singapore Tables, as compared to the
arithmetic approach, is that the multiplier requires no further adjustment for
the vicissitudes of life. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 145.

The Singapore Tables are admittedly based on life expectancy data from 2012.
Life expectancy in Singapore has increased since 2012. In this respect, the
Singapore Tables may not be up to date. But this shortcoming can be addressed
by applying a slight uplift to the multiplier derived from the Singapore
Tables. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions at para 13.

24 As for the discount rate, the plaintiff submits that I should select a
discount rate outside the conventional range of 4% to 5% (see Kenneth Quek at
[65]). The plaintiff relies on Kenneth Quek to argue that an incremental
departure from the conventional range is justified if the circumstances of a
case warrant it. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 136.

The plaintiff submits that a discount rate of 2.5% is warranted in the
circumstances of this case because the rates of return on deposits and certain
low-risk financial instruments are currently low by historical standards. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at paras 181–183.

To support his submission, the plaintiff invites me to take judicial notice of
certain public documents evidencing the rates of return of deposits and
various financial instruments (“the Public Documents”). 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions at para 37.

The defendant’s case

25 On methodology, the defendant has no objection in principle to using the
actuarial approach instead of the arithmetic approach. The defendant accepts
that the actuarial approach differs from the arithmetic approach only in that
the actuarial approach accounts for life expectancy explicitly and
empirically. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Defendant’s Reply Submissions at para 31.

As a result, at any given discount rate, there is no material difference
between selecting a multiplier using the actuarial approach (eg, from the
Singapore Tables) and calculating a multiplier using the arithmetic approach
and then adjusting it for the vicissitudes of life. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Defendant’s Reply Submissions at para 34.

However, the defendant insists that the precedent approach must still be used
as a cross check before making the award. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Defendant’s Reply Submissions at para 38.

26 On the discount rate, the defendant rejects the plaintiff’s suggested
discount rate of 2.5%, both as a matter of principle and on the facts.

27 As a matter of principle, the defendant emphasises the Court of Appeal’s
reminder in Kenneth Quek (at [59] and [65]) that anything other than an
incremental change in the discount rate is a matter to be undertaken by
parliament, and not by the courts. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Defendant’s Reply Submissions at para 44.

The defendant submits that selecting a discount rate of 2.5% is too radical a
departure from the conventional range to be considered incremental. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Defendant’s Reply Submissions at para 41.

28 On the facts, the defendant submits that there is no evidence of any
circumstances in this case to warrant selecting a discount rate of 2.5%. The
defendant submits that the Public Documents cannot be the subject of judicial
notice. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Defendant’s Reply Submissions at paras 59–63.

In any event, the defendant also submits that the Public Documents do not
provide a sufficient factual basis to select a discount rate below the
conventional range.

29 The defendant goes further in the other direction and submits that the
discount rate should in fact be at the top end of the conventional range, ie,
5%. The defendant justifies his position on the basis of prevailing low
inflation rates, 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 25.

uncertainties as to the course of the plaintiff’s career but for his injuries
31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 39.

and the plaintiff’s thrill-seeking habits. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at paras 41–42.

The defendant also submits that these three factors should be considered in
making adjustments to the multiplier itself, as opposed to just the discount
rate. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Defendant’s Reply Submissions at paras 133–134.

Whether the actuarial approach should be used

30 The parties are in broad agreement that I may rely on the Singapore Tables.
Further, the Court of Appeal in Kenneth Quek at [62] expressly endorsed the
use of actuarial tables. For both these reasons, I consider that the actuarial
approach is an appropriate one in the current case.

31 I cannot, however, go so far as to endorse the use of the Singapore Tables
as a principle of law. The Singapore Tables, to my knowledge, have not
attained the status of authoritativeness (to quote the Court of Appeal in
Kenneth Quek at [51] and [80]). Further, as the parties have pointed out, the
Singapore Tables are based on life expectancy data which is not up to date. I
note that, insofar as the Singapore Tables do incorporate outdated life
expectancy data, that does not affect the calculation of the multiplier for
loss of future earnings as much as it affects the calculation of the
multiplier for future medical expenses. That is because the multiplier for
loss of future earnings is determined by reference to the plaintiff’s working
life, and not by reference to his natural life.

32 I therefore propose to use the actuarial approach in addition to, and not
in replacement of, the arithmetic approach. I will therefore determine the
multiplier on three approaches: the actuarial approach, the arithmetic
approach and the precedent approach.

33 Having determined the applicable approach to determining the multiplier, I
next consider the number of periods which comprise the duration of the
plaintiff’s future loss and select the discount rate to apply.

The number of periods of future loss

34 I start with the number of periods of the plaintiff’s loss. The minimum
statutory age of retirement, both at the time of the plaintiff’s accident and
at the date of the assessment, is 62 years of age as stipulated by s 4 of the
Retirement and Re-Employment Act (Cap 274A, 2012 Rev Ed) (“RRA”). However, the
defendant is willing to accept a retirement age of 65 for the purposes of this
assessment, on the basis of the report from the plaintiff’s employment expert,
Mr Jonathan Mark Evans (“Mr Evans”). 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 54.

Therefore, the defendant submits that the number of periods for the
plaintiff’s loss of future earnings is 21 years, being 65 years (the end of
the plaintiff’s working life) less 44 years (the plaintiff’s age at the time
of assessment).

35 The plaintiff acknowledges that Mr Evans estimates the plaintiff’s
retirement age as 65. However, the plaintiff argues that ss 7 and 7A of the
RRA oblige an employer to offer re-employment to an employee who reaches 62
years of age until the employee turns 67. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions at para 69.

The plaintiff goes even further and submits that he would have carried on
working until he reached 70, as is common for white-collar workers and
professionals. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 180.

36 In his reply submissions, the defendant accepts in principle a retirement
age of 70. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Defendant’s Reply Submissions at para 147.

37 I note at the outset that the RRA does not apply to the plaintiff.
Paragraphs 3 and 4 of the Retirement and Re-Employment (Exemption)
Notification 2011 provide that neither the statutory minimum retirement age of
62 nor the statutory obligation to offer re-employment applies to individuals
who are not Singaporeans or permanent residents. In the circumstances, I
cannot rely on the RRA alone to find that the plaintiff would have retired at
67 or at some later age. Without further evidence and submissions on this
specific point, I am inclined to accept Mr Evans’ evidence that the plaintiff
would retire at 65, despite the defendant’s willingness to accept in principle
a retirement age of 70. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Defendant’s Reply Submissions at para 147.

It follows that the number of periods of the plaintiff’s loss of future
earnings would be 21 (being 65–44).

38 However, the plaintiff also has a claim for post-retirement income. The
plaintiff’s pre-retirement and post-retirement income must be calculated
separately. This is because the plaintiff accepts that his post-retirement
income (if any) would have been markedly lower than his pre-retirement income.
39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 177.

For the avoidance of doubt, therefore, the calculation of the multiplier and
the multiplicand in the following sections take into account only the
plaintiff’s pre-retirement income. It is also for this reason that I take the
plaintiff’s retirement age to be 65 and not 70, even though the defendant does
not have any objection in principle to adopting a retirement age of 70. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Defendant’s Reply Submissions at para 147.

The discount rate

39 I now select the discount rate. This is the more contentious issue. The
plaintiff advocates a rate (2.5%) which is half that advocated by the
defendant (5%).

40 The plaintiff in his written submissions initially advocated as his primary
position a discount rate of 1%. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 181.

But in oral submissions, the plaintiff moderated that position to advocate a
discount rate of 2.5% instead. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Certified Transcript (15 June 2020) at p 9, lns 28–31.

Presumably, the plaintiff accepts that selecting a discount rate of 1% is too
radical to be considered an incremental departure from the conventional range.

41 I do not think that is necessarily the case. It is true that in Kenneth
Quek, the Court of Appeal held that any departure from the conventional range
“should be undertaken only incrementally and by reference to or analogy with
past cases” (at [65]). But the Court of Appeal in the same case also found
merit in the tiered discount rate framework proposed by Bharwaney J in the
Hong Kong Court of First Instance case of Chan Pak Ting v Chan Chi Kuen (No 2)
[2013] 2 HKLRD 1 (“Chan Pak Ting”) (Kenneth Quek at [64] and [67]). That
tiered framework contemplates a discount rate as low as -0.5% (Kenneth Quek at
[64]). A discount rate of -0.5% is a far more radical departure from the
conventional range than a discount rate of 1% in two senses. Arithmetically,
it is of course a bigger jump downwards. And conceptually, a negative discount
rate is a more radical departure from the conventional range than any positive
discount rate. A negative discount rate assumes that inflation will exceed
nominal rates of return over the period of the plaintiff’s loss and amounts to
applying a premium for accelerated receipt, rather than the orthodox discount.
As the Court of Appeal made clear in Kenneth Quek (at [67]), the fundamental
difficulty in that case was not so much the magnitude of the departure from
the conventional range but that there was simply no expert evidence or
submissions on macroeconomic trends in Singapore and the impact on likely
investment returns to warrant such a departure.

42 The question for me, therefore, is not whether the departure which the
plaintiff proposes is a radical or an incremental departure from the
conventional discount rate. The more pertinent question for me is whether the
plaintiff has adduced sufficient evidence to establish that a departure from
the conventional range is warranted in the circumstances of this case. The
plaintiff relies on the Public Documents as the necessary evidence.

43 The Public Documents comprise the following: 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Plaintiff’s Supplementary Bundle of Documents (18 May 2020) (“PB2”) at Index.

S/N| Date| Contents  
---|---|---  
1| Undated| Graph taken from http://www.tradingeconomics.com showing the
historical yield for 10-year Singapore Government Securities (“SGS”) Bonds  
2| May 2020| Screenshot from the Monetary Authority of Singapore (“MAS”)
website showing average 10-year SGS Bonds yield of 0.72  
3| May 2020| Graphs taken from http://www.tradingeconomics.com (“Trading
Economics”) showing 10-year yields for government bonds in UK, Switzerland,
Japan and Germany  
4| May 2020| European Union (“EU”) Short-Term Interest Rate taken from
http://www.ceicdata.com, citing the European Money Market Institute (“EMMI”)  
5| May 2020| Screenshot from Yahoo Finance showing historical performance of
Nikko Asset Management (“Nikko AM”) Singapore Straits Times Index Exchange-
Traded Fund (“STI ETF”)  
6| May 2020| Screenshot from Yahoo Finance showing historical performance of
SPDR STI ETF  
7| July 2019| Statement of Reasons by the Rt Hon David Gauke MP, Lord
Chancellor, in respect of the review of the personal injury discount rate in
England and Wales from -0.75% to -0.25%  
8| July 2019| UK Ministry of Justice, Summary of Responses to the Call for
Evidence on setting the Personal Injury Discount Rate  
9| May 2020| Graph taken from Trading Economics showing the historical
interest rates set by the US Federal Reserve, citing the US Federal Reserve
itself  
  
44 The difficulty with the plaintiff’s reliance on the Public Documents is
that he produced them long after closing his case at trial. The documents were
therefore not proven at trial and are not in evidence before me. Further, the
defendant had no opportunity to cross-examine the makers of these documents,
or to adduce any factual evidence or expert opinion to rebut or challenge
these documents. Receiving and relying on the Public Documents now would be
unfair to the defendant.

45 The plaintiff nevertheless argues that I can take judicial notice under s
59 of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed) of the following facts asserted
in the Public Documents: 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions at para 37.

(a) The historical yield on 10-year SGS bonds, taken from Trading Economics;
45

##### Foot Note 45

×

PB2 at p 164.

(b) The average yield on 10-year SGS bonds as determined by the MAS; 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

PB2 at p 165.

(c) The historical returns for the STI ETF and Nikko AM Singapore STI ETF; 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

PB2 at pp 181–182.

(d) The statutorily prescribed discount rate in England and Wales of 0.25%; 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

PB2 at pp 183– 187.

(e) The historical interest rates set by the US Federal Reserve; 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

PB2 at pp 177–180.

(f) The historical yield of 10-year bonds in Germany, Switzerland, UK and
Japan, taken from Trading Economics; 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

PB2 at pp 166–169.

(g) Short-term interest rates in the European Union. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

PB2 at pp 170–176.

(1) Judicial notice

46 At common law, a court may take judicial notice of two categories of facts
(see Zheng Yu Shan v Lian Beng Construction (1988) Pte Ltd [2009] 2 SLR(R) 587
at (“Zheng Yu Shan”) at [27]):

(a) facts which are so notorious or so clearly established that they are
beyond the subject of reasonable dispute (“Category 1”); and

(b) specific facts which are capable of being immediately and accurately shown
to exist by authoritative sources (“Category 2”).

47 On Category 1, the plaintiff submits that the courts have historically
taken judicial notice of economic or financial facts which can be evidenced by
documents in the public domain. As an example, the plaintiff cites Asia Hotel
Investments Ltd v Starwood Asia Pacific Management Pte Ltd and another [2007]
SGHC 50 (“Asia Hotel”) at [42]. In that case, Lai Siu Chiu J took judicial
notice of the fact that the Thai baht had appreciated by about 20% over the
five years from the date of the defendant’s breach of contract to the date of
her judgment. By the same token, the plaintiff submits that I can take
judicial notice of the seven economic and financial facts asserted in the
Public Documents. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions at para 42.

48  In my view, a court cannot take judicial notice of a fact simply because
it is an economic and financial fact evidenced by a public document. Lai J
took judicial notice of the appreciation of the Thai baht in Asia Hotel not
because it was an economic and financial fact evidenced by public documents
but because the currency appreciation “may be easily and accurately
established by reference to a readily-available variety of unimpeachable
sources” (Zheng Yu Shan at [33]). I note that there may be some overlap
between Categories 1 and 2 in relation to the use of unimpeachable or
authoritative sources. However, such an overlap is understandable given the
idea of incontrovertibility that underpins the doctrine of judicial notice.

49 On Category 2, there is to my knowledge no settled judicial definition of
what amounts to an “authoritative” source. Having said that, Hauque Enamul v
China Taiping Insurance (Singapore) Pte Ltd and another [2018] 5 SLR 485
(“Hauque”) offers some guidance. In Hauque, George Wei J took judicial notice
of the fact that Singapore public hospitals have begun implementing an
electronic record exchange system. Wei J accepted that this fact can be found
on the Ministry of Health’s webpage, and accepted further that that was an
authoritative source (Hauque at [93]). In my view, an official publication by
an arm of the government which asserts a fact within the purview of that arm
of government is an authoritative source. That does not, however, mean that no
other sources can be authoritative sources.

50 Applying these principles, the seven facts listed at [45] above are not
within Category 1. These seven facts are highly specific and technical
financial and economic information. They are not so widely known or clearly
established as to be “accepted by the public without qualification or
contention” (see Zheng Yu Shan at [27]). None of these facts are “notorious”
in any sense of the word. They are all outside Category 1.

51 The key question, therefore, is whether any of these facts are within
Category 2. That in turn depends on whether they are facts which can be
immediately and accurately shown to exist by “authoritative sources”. In
considering this question, I bear in mind the Court of Appeal’s warning in
Zheng Yu Shan that a judge should exercise judicious caution in taking
judicial notice of facts (at [29]–[30]).

52 My assessment of whether the seven facts listed at [45] are within Category
2 is as follows:

(a) The historical yield of 10-year SGS and foreign bonds (at [45(a)] and
[45(f)]) is outside Category 2. The Public Documents refer to a website known
as Trading Economics. There is no evidence as to where Trading Economics
obtained the yield data from. I must therefore treat Trading Economics as the
source of the historical yield data. I do not accept Trading Economics to be
an authoritative source.

(b) The discount rate prescribed by statute in England and Wales (at [45(d)])
is within Category 2. The source of this fact is the Lord Chancellor’s
Department. The Lord Chancellor is empowered by the Damages Act of England and
Wales to set the relevant discount rate. I accept the Lord Chancellor’s
Department to be an authoritative source for this fact.

(c) The historical interest rates set by the US Federal Reserve (at [45(e)])
is outside Category 2. The historical rates appear in a document from the
Trading Economics website. The ultimate source for these rates is said to be
the US Federal Reserve itself. But that statement is self-serving and is not
authoritative, coming as it does from a source (Trading Economics) which I do
not accept as authoritative. These historical interest rates would have been
within Category 2 if the document produced to me was an official publication
of the Federal Reserve itself. In that event, the facts would originate from
an arm of the US Federal government and assert facts within that arm’s
purview.

(d) The average yield of 10-year SGS bonds, obtained as at May 2020 (at
[45(b)]) is within Category 2. The source is the MAS. I accept that these
facts have been shown to exist by an official publication of an arm of the
government asserting a fact within that arm’s purview.

(e) The short-term interest rates for the European Union, defined generally,
(at [45(g)]) are outside Category 2. Short-term interest rates vary based on
the time horizon and the index being used. Therefore, I do not find that there
can be an authoritative source on short-term interest rates in the European
Union in general.

(f) The historical returns on the SPDR and Nikko AM STI ETFs (at [45(c)]) are
outside Category 2. The figures are obtained from Yahoo! Finance. I do not
accept Yahoo! Finance as an authoritative source.

53 My analysis so far only touches on whether the seven facts listed at [45]
above are within Category 2. Even when a fact is within Category 1 or Category
2, the court retains a discretion to take judicial notice of the fact. As I
pointed out to plaintiff’s counsel in the course of oral submissions, the
plaintiff has adopted a very expansive reading of s 59, a reading which may
carry many unintended consequences. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Certified Transcript (15 June 2020) at p 22, lns 29–31.

Moreover, based on the authorities presented by the plaintiff, the court’s
discretion in taking judicial notice of a fact may turn on whether that fact
is presented merely by way of background, or whether that fact is critical to
the outcome of the case.

54 I therefore take judicial notice of only the three facts at [52(b)] and
[52(d)] above.

(2) Downward adjustment of the discount rate

55 The defendant argues that even if I take judicial notice of these facts, I
cannot take judicial notice of, and should attach no weight to, the
plaintiff’s analysis of the effects and consequences of these facts. According
to the defendant, the plaintiff’s analysis is either not incontrovertible, or
is opinion that requires proof by expert evidence. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Defendant’s Reply Submissions at paras 65–66.

The defendant’s argument presupposes that the plaintiff’s analysis amounts to
a fact which must be proved. I disagree. The plaintiff’s analysis, properly
construed, is a submission. The submission attempts to draw out the nexus
between the factual premises, ie, the facts in the Public Documents which the
plaintiff wants me to take judicial notice of, and a legal conclusion, ie,
that it is appropriate to select a discount rate of 2.5% even though it is
outside the conventional range.

56 However, this mischaracterisation of the nature of the plaintiff’s analysis
does not detract from the substance of the defendant’s argument. There are two
prongs to the argument. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Defendant’s Reply Submissions at paras 90 and 111.

First, the selection of a discount rate requires far more financial and
economic facts than those asserted in the Public Documents. Second, the
financial and economic data must be properly analysed by financial and
economic experts, instead of by lawyers and the court. To put it bluntly,
counsel and the court should focus on law and not economics.

57 I agree with the defendant.

58 First, I do not consider the facts asserted in the Public Documents are a
sufficient evidential basis to select a discount rate of 2.5%. The discount
rate is the achievable real rate of return that a plaintiff is likely to be
able to earn on his award over the period of his loss. Selecting a discount
rate thus requires some knowledge of the basket of investments that a
plaintiff will reasonably invest the lump sum award in. The Public Documents
refer to the historical returns of only low-risk investments (ie, deposits,
ETFs and fixed-income instruments). The plaintiff therefore assumes that his
basket of investments will comprise only low-risk investments. I do not find
this assumption justified.

59 The plaintiff’s explanation for this assumption is that he cannot afford to
make risky investments because he will have to live off the award for the rest
of his life and therefore has no room for error. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions at para 35.

That is the case for every plaintiff who has suffered personal injuries by
reason of a tort. A similar explanation was rejected by the Court of Appeal in
Lai Wai Keong Eugene v Loo Wei Yen [2014] 3 SLR 702 (“Eugene Lai”). According
to the Court of Appeal in Eugene Lai, a plaintiff does not require the entire
sum of the award to meet his expenses at any one point in time, and thus a
substantial portion of the award, which would not be called upon for many
years, can be invested in relatively higher-risk (and therefore higher-reward)
investments (Eugene Lai at [34]).

60 Moreover, even assuming that it is reasonable for the plaintiff to confine
his basket of investments to low-risk investments, there is no reason to
consider it reasonable to limit his investments to the specific low-risk
investments mentioned in the Public Documents. Risk and reward are undoubtedly
correlated. But, as the defendant points out, there exist a whole range of
low-risk investments – including but not limited to real estate, real estate
investment trusts, index funds and preferred stock – which enable an investor
to achieve higher returns without disproportionately higher risk. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Defendant’s Reply Submissions at para 91.

The specific low-risk investment products which are the subject of the Public
Documents are too limited to be representative of low-risk investments as a
class.

61 Second, the analysis of financial and economic data to select a discount
rate is a matter on which expert evidence is essential. The plaintiff asserts
that, so long as there is sufficient data, the court is able on its own to
interpret and analyse the data to select a discount rate. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions at para 36.

The court does not need the assistance of an expert, since the expert would
also “literally be guessing”. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions at para 31.

I do not accept this submission. It is well beyond the ability of any court to
interpret and analyse financial and economic data of this nature, assuming it
to be sufficient for the purpose, without the assistance of experts.

62 As the Court of Appeal noted in Eugene Lai, the discount rate represents
“the average [effective] rate of return over a plaintiff’s remaining working
lifespan” [emphasis added] (at [36]). In other words, selecting the discount
rate requires an estimate of the likely average rates of return into the
future. The average rates of return at the date of assessment are only one
factor in this exercise. It is one thing to estimate the current average rate
of return based on current economic data. It is another thing altogether to
estimate future average rates of return based on current economic data. To do
so requires expert knowledge and analysis.

63 Further, in this case, the duration of the plaintiff’s loss stretches two
decades into the future. A lay person cannot forecast whether average rates of
return will continue to remain low for such a long duration. A lay person can
only guess. An expert can at least make an educated, informed and principled
guess.

64 Additionally, selecting a discount rate requires some account to be taken
of inflation. This is because the real rate of return on any investment is the
nominal rate of return less the inflation rate. The plaintiff has adduced no
evidence on the outlook for inflation. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Certified Transcript (15 June 2020) at p 11, ln 24 to p 12, ln 22.

The plaintiff is content instead to assert that his failure to account
explicitly for inflation is “actually beneficial to the defendant” in that it
reduces the award. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Certified Transcript (15 June 2020) at p 12, lns 20 to 22.

I do not accept this assertion. If one is to descend to the level of
granularity which the plaintiff advocates in selecting the discount rate, one
ought equally to descend to the same level of granularity in estimating
inflation. The plaintiff’s submission that his failure to account explicitly
for inflation is beneficial to the defendant assumes that inflation will
continue to be positive throughout the plaintiff’s period of loss. But
deflationary periods in the next 20 years or so are not beyond the realm of
possibility.

65 In summary, I find that there is neither sufficient financial or economic
data nor sufficient expert analysis of that data to justify selecting a
discount rate beyond the lower end of the conventional range (at either 1% or
2.5%). A contrast can be drawn with the case of Chan Pak Ting. In Chan Pak
Ting, the court had the following financial and economic data available: 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Defendant’s Reply Submissions at para 86.

(a) an extensive analysis of the Hong Kong economy from 1995 to the time of
the judgment;

(b) economic trends which may affect future economic development in Hong Kong;

(c) the wide range of investment products reasonably available to Hong Kong
investors and the historical performance of those products;

(d) the difference between wage inflation and price inflation to assess the
true impact of inflation.

66 The plaintiff in Chan Pak Ting adduced all of this financial and economic
data through experts, not by an appeal to judicial notice. And the analysis of
this data was undertaken by experts rather than being the subject of
submission. In particular, the expert used the economic data to (a) set out
different baskets of investments at different levels of risk for plaintiffs of
different levels of need and (b) projected rates of return into the future.
This level of factual and expert evidence is missing in the present case.

67 A further contrast can be drawn with the discount rate prescribed by
statute in England and Wales. This statutory discount rate was selected only
after careful study and consultation. Detailed and exhaustive financial and
economic data was collated from the responses to the government’s surveys on,
inter alia, the investment habits and risk appetites of claimants who receive
lump sum damages in serious personal injury cases. This data was also
thoroughly analysed by the Government Actuary, who presented his analysis and
recommendation to the Lord Chancellor for approval. The Lord Chancellor did
not select the statutory discount rate in England and Wales on incomplete
data. The Lord Chancellor selected the discount rate only with the assistance
of experts who obtained and analysed extensive financial and economic data.

68 In conclusion, I recognise that economic circumstances and life
expectancies have changed fundamentally since the precedent approach arrived
at multipliers which carry discount rates in the conventional range of 4% to
5%. The Court of Appeal recognised this in Kenneth Quek. But, as the Court of
Appeal also held, the court must have sufficient and cogent evidence together
with expert interpretation and analysis before it can conclude that a discount
rate outside the conventional range is warranted. I am not in that position.

(3) A discount rate at the upper end of the conventional range

69 Having rejected the plaintiff’s submission that I should select a discount
rate outside the conventional range of 4% and 5%, I must next determine where
the plaintiff’s discount rate should fall within that conventional range.

70 The defendant submits that the plaintiff’s discount rate should be at the
upper limit of the conventional range, ie, 5% for two reasons. First, the
plaintiff’s employment in the banking industry is particularly susceptible to
the vagaries of the economy. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 39.

Second, the plaintiff’s penchant for thrill-seeking means that his career
could have been cut short by accident even if the defendant had not injured
him. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at paras 40–42.

71 I find neither argument to be convincing. The defendant’s first argument is
premised on the factual basis that the private banking industry, in particular
BJB, is in decline, and that this decline has been exacerbated by the COVID-19
pandemic. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at paras 168–174.

But the defendant makes no attempt to apply this general trend to the specific
circumstances of the plaintiff and his employment. I do not accept that this
general trend justifies selecting a discount rate at the top end of the
conventional range, given that the plaintiff had attained a relatively senior
position in the industry before his accident. In my view, the general vagaries
of the economy or even the specific vagaries of the private banking industry
are therefore less likely to affect the plaintiff’s earnings. Further, there
is no guarantee that any decline in the performance or prospects for the
private banking industry, or for BJB in particular, which is currently
apparent will continue for the duration of the plaintiff’s loss.

72 The defendant’s second reason for selecting a discount rate of 5% is, in my
view, pure speculation. Of course, thrill-seeking does pose a risk of injury
or death by accident. But even the most avid thrill seekers take precautions
for their own self-preservation. There is nothing to suggest that the
plaintiff would not do the same. Further, the defendant offers no way by which
to assess the plaintiff’s net risk, qualitatively or quantitatively. The
submission is therefore of no quantitative assistance in selecting a discount
rate.

73 I consider the risk of the plaintiff’s injury or death by accident from
thrill-seeking to be so remote as to be negligible in selecting the discount
rate.

(4) The discount rate

74 In summary, I find that there is insufficient basis to select a discount
rate below the lower limit of the conventional range, ie, 4%. But I find also
that there is insufficient basis to select a discount rate at the upper limit
of this range, ie, 5%.

75 Having considered the two facts which I have found that I can take judicial
notice of (at [52(b)] and [52(d)] above), I accept that we are now in a low
interest rate environment and that it is likely to persist for an appreciable
part of the duration of the plaintiff’s loss. This indicates to me that I
should select a discount rate in the lower half of the conventional range.
Having said that, the plaintiff’s period of loss stretches over two decades.
That length of time means that his investment horizon is further away and that
the degree of risk which it is reasonable to expect him to take is higher.
Further, I cannot assume that the current low interest rate environment will
persist for the entire duration of his loss. I therefore consider that I
should not select a discount rate too far down into the lower half of the
conventional range. Given the absence of assistance from expert evidence, the
task falls to me to select a discount rate which is appropriate in all the
circumstances of the case. Considering all the evidence presented to me and
all the circumstances of the case, I select a discount rate of 4.25%.

The calculations

76 I now calculate the multiplier for the plaintiff’s loss of future earnings.
The multiplier is the number which, when multiplied by the multiplicand, will
yield the present value of an ordinary annuity which will pay out to the
plaintiff a constant sum equivalent to the multiplicand over the 21-year
duration of his loss, after accounting for the returns earned over that
duration at the discount rate. An annuity is a series of constant payments at
constant intervals for a fixed duration into the future. An ordinary annuity
is an annuity in which each constant payment is made at the end of an
intervals rather than at the beginning.

77 The mathematical formula for the present value of an ordinary annuity is as
follows: ![Math Equation](data:image/Png;base64,
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).
In this formula, PV is the present value of the annuity, P is the value of
each periodic payment, r is the interest rate and n is the number of payments.
This formula is the mathematical equivalent of the formula which the Court of
Appeal used to derive the discount rate implicit in a multiplier selected
using the precedent approach (Kenneth Quek at [72]).

78 The multiplier/multiplicand method also seeks to yield the present value of
an ordinary annuity, albeit by a different route than the arithmetic method.
Therefore, it is mathematically valid to set the two formulas equal to each
other thus: ![Math Equation](data:image/Png;base64,
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)
If the value of each constant payment is ![Math
Equation](data:image/Png;base64,
iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAAoAAAATCAYAAACp65zuAAAAAXNSR0IArs4c6QAAAARnQU1BAACxjwv8YQUAAAAJcEhZcwAADsMAAA7DAcdvqGQAAACNSURBVDhP1ZBRDcAgEEPPDC4wgRcs4AAj+EAHBhBwW5sdgSUs+1v2EjJSHgUm+pJfiTlnFZFlOOe0lML1pdF7rzFGznvvnGNDa20VEVoDqLUy4/fKRogmw66DbIgpJR5toBkScjBESFiwgYeg0aDI6nNxvt8dinYMXreDYgiB4hMy/2hs2PFcM/GZqHoAaUScrQQKBtsAAAAASUVORK5CYII=)
in the first formula and is the ![Math Equation](data:image/Png;base64,
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)
in the second formula, then the![Math Equation](data:image/Png;base64,
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)
in the first formula must necessarily equal ![Math
Equation](data:image/Png;base64,
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)
in the second formula. In this formula, r is the discount rate which I have
selected of 4.25% per annum (see [75] above) and n is the number of periods
comprised in the duration of the plaintiff’s loss of earnings, ie, 21 years
(see [37] above). Inserting these values into the formula yields a multiplier
of 13.71.

79 The multiplier on the arithmetic approach is therefore 13.71, on the basis
of 21 years of loss and a discount rate of 4.25% per annum. Using the
actuarial approach, Table 9 of the Singapore Tables (based on a retirement age
of 65), 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

PB2 at p 108.

indicates a multiplier between 13.97 (at a discount rate of 4.0%) and 13.39
(at a discount rate of 4.5%). The actuarial and the arithmetic approaches thus
yield results which are consistent.

80 I now cross-check the multiplier obtained by the arithmetic and the
actuarial approaches with the multiplier obtained by the precedent approach.
The defendant directs my attention to the following cases: 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Defendant’s Reply Submissions at para 55.

(a) Tan Hun Boon v Rui Feng Travel Pte Ltd [2018] 3 SLR 244 (“Tan Hun Boon”),
where the plaintiff had a remaining working life of 28 years and the
multiplier was 16.

(b) Hafizul, where the plaintiff had a remaining working life of 36 years and
the multiplier was 17.

(c) Teo Seng Kiat v Goh Hwa Teck [2003] 1 SLR(R) 333, where the plaintiff had
a remaining working life of 34 years and the multiplier was 18.

81 I am satisfied that the multiplier I have arrived at is consistent with
precedent. As the plaintiff has a shorter remaining working life compared to
those in the precedents, the multiplier in this case should accordingly be
lower. However, to bring the multiplier in this case even closer to the
precedents, I adjust the multiplier upwards slightly to 14. The defendant
himself suggests a multiplier of 14. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Defendant’s Reply Submissions at para 145.

82 There is a final point. The defendant submits that I should make further
adjustments to the multiplier to take into account the vicissitudes of the
plaintiff’s life and his uncertain unemployment prospects. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at paras 68–70.

As the Court of Appeal noted in Kenneth Quek, any such adjustment is to be
made directly to the discount rate. It would therefore amount to double
counting to make a further adjustment to the multiplier. In any event, as I
have found in [71]–[72] above, the defendant’s arguments on the vicissitudes
of the plaintiff’s life and his uncertain unemployment prospects are not
persuasive.

The multiplicand

The plaintiff’s case

83 At the time of his accident, the plaintiff was an ED at BJB. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 4.

The next step up would have been to Managing Director Senior Advisor (“MDSA”)
and then to Managing Director (“MD”). 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 170.

The plaintiff submits that I should use a variable multiplicand to assess his
loss of future income. This is because, but for his accident, he would have
climbed the ranks of BJB, enjoying step changes in his income (salary
increments as well as bonuses) as he went from ED to MDSA and then from MDSA
to MD. Taking into account these three variables, the plaintiff sets out the
multiplicand in the following table: 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 177.

Year| Job title| Multiplicand(per annum)  
---|---|---  
2021| MDSA| 734,027.24  
2022 to 2031| MD| 1,195,488.50  
2032 to 2041| MD| 1,602,350.54  
2042 to 2046| Advisor / Independent non-executive director| 171,800.00  
  
The defendant’s case

84 The defendant’s primary case is that there is insufficient evidence to show
that, but for the accident, the plaintiff: (a) would have been promoted to
MDSA or beyond, (b) received any annual salary increments, or (c) received any
bonus. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at paras 105–249.

Accordingly, the defendant submits that the multiplicand should be a single
figure for the entire duration of his loss, based on the plaintiff’s base
salary of $366,000.00 as at July 2015. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 153(b).

From this figure, the defendant makes revisions to take into account his
pension and his income tax liability to arrive at a final multiplicand of
$330,407.24 per annum. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Defendant’s Reply Submissions at para 264.

85 In the alternative, the defendant is prepared to accept that the plaintiff
could have been promoted from ED to MDSA (but not beyond that to MD) and would
have enjoyed annual salary increments and bonuses. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Defendant’s Reply Submissions at para 265.

The defendant has prepared various career scenarios, catering for various
permutations of these three variables: promotion, increments and bonuses. In
each scenario, the multiplicand is obtained by taking the midpoint between the
lowest possible earnings and highest possible earnings for that scenario. From
this midpoint, the defendant makes further adjustments to take into account
his pension and his income tax liability. The defendant’s position is
presented in the following table: 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Defendant’s Reply Submissions at para 268.

S/N| Career scenario| Earnings| Multiplicand after pension and tax (per annum)  
---|---|---|---  
1| Promotion: NoSalary increment: 2%Bonus: No| Minimum: 396,180Maximum:
600,450Median: 498,315| 433,612.94  
2| Promotion: NoSalary increment: 2.5%Bonus: No| Minimum: 403,990Maximum:
678,540Median: 541,265| 467,113.94  
3| Promotion: NoSalary increment: 2.5%Bonus: 12%| Minimum: 452,470Maximum:
759,960Median: 606,215| 507,774.94  
4| Promotion: YesSalary increment: 2%Bonus: No| Minimum: 396,180Maximum:
674,300Median: 535,240| 462,414.44  
5| Promotion: YesSalary increment: 2.5%Bonus: No| Minimum: 403,990Maximum:
759,940Median: 581,965| 498,859.94  
6| Promotion: YesSalary increment: 2%Bonus: 12%| Minimum: 443,720Maximum:
755,220Median: 599,470| 512,513.84  
7| Promotion: YesSalary increment: 2.5%Bonus: 12%| Minimum: 452,470Maximum:
851,130Median: 651,800| 533,331.24  
  
The applicable approach

86 I begin by addressing the burden and standard of proof. It is axiomatic
that the burden of proving loss lies with the plaintiff. The usual standard of
proof in civil cases is the balance of probabilities. However, the defendant
was prepared to accept that a less stringent standard of proof applies to
determining the multiplicand for claims of loss of future earnings. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 97.

The defendant refers me to the observations of the Court of Appeal in Lua Bee
Kiang (administrator of the estate of Chew Kong Seng, deceased) v Yeo Chee
Siong [2019] 1 SLR 145 (“Lua Bee Kiang”) at [65], [67] and [72]: 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at paras 92–95.

… It is not possible by human means to know what the future holds. Therefore,
it would be unfair to fault a party for being unable to establish an
assumption about a future event as true on the balance of probabilities.
Instead, the question in that context is whether that assumption is
reasonable, and if it is, an appropriate discount may be applied to take into
account the risk that the event may not happen …

…

Instead, in assessing damages which depend on what will happen in the future
or what would have happened in the future but for the defendant’s negligence,
‘the court must make an estimate as to what are the chance that a particular
thing will or would have happened and reflect those chances, whether they are
more or less than even, in the amount of damages which it awards’ …
Significantly, Lord Morris of Borth-y-Gest located this approach within the
broader, central principle of giving the claimant fair compensation …

…

… In our judgment, in assessing damages for future loss – such as cost of
nursing care – arising from the possible future onset of a medical condition
as a result of the defendant’s negligence, the court must first determine
whether there is an appreciable risk that the claimant will suffer that loss.
If there is such a risk of future loss, then the claimant ought to be
compensated for it. The court’s task will be to evaluate that risk. The court
may take as its starting point an award corresponding to the full extent of
that loss, and then adjust it to account for the remoteness of the possibility
and the chance that factors unconnected with the defendant’s negligence might
contribute to bringing about the loss.

[emphasis in original]

87 The defendant interprets these observations to mean that, to discharge his
burden of proof, the plaintiff need only show that he had an appreciable
chance of earning this income, as opposed to showing on the balance of
probabilities that he would have earned this income. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at paras 95, 99.

The defendant recognises that the Court of Appeal’s observations in Lua Bee
Kiang were made in the context of assessing damages for future medical
expenses, but submits that these observations apply with equal force to claims
for loss of future earnings. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 97.

88 I accept that this approach applies to loss of future income as well as to
future medical expenses. The Court of Appeal in Lua Bee Kiang spoke of
difficulties with ascertaining future losses generally, and not just about
ascertaining future medical expenses. In the same vein, loss of future
earnings and future medical expenses are both in the nature of future loss. To
this extent, I can think of no principled distinctions between the two heads
of loss. Further, the Court in Kenneth Quek also took the position that no
such distinction can be drawn. In [45] of Kenneth Quek, the Court commented
that the determination of a multiplier for both future medical expenses and
loss of future earning is difficult because such a determination “involves a
double exercise in the art of prophesying not only what the future holds for
the injured plaintiff but also what the future would have held for him if he
had not been injured”.

89 However, a critical distinction must be drawn between future events that
are within a plaintiff’s control, and those which are not within a plaintiff’s
control. For instance, the Court of Appeal in Lua Bee Kiang was speaking of
the possible future onset of a medical condition, which is a future event not
within a plaintiff’s control.

90 Therefore, insofar as there is a lower standard of proof in claims for loss
of future earnings, I find that that lower standard applies only to events
which are beyond the plaintiff’s control. I demonstrate this point by way of
an example. Assume that the plaintiff claimed that he had received and was
considering an irrevocable offer of employment in November 2014, before the
accident, from a rival private bank. Assume further that the rival bank’s
offer carried a salary which was double the plaintiff’s salary at BJB. If the
plaintiff wished to use that higher salary as his multiplicand, he would have
to prove on the usual balance of probabilities that he would have accepted the
offer. This is because accepting an irrevocable offer would be entirely within
his control. In contrast, whether BJB would promote the plaintiff is not
something within his control. No matter how well he performed, whether he
would ultimately be promoted would depend on the assessment of his superiors.

91 As earlier mentioned, the three key variables in relation to the
multiplicand are (a) the plaintiff’s prospects of promotion(s); (b) his annual
salary increments and (c) his annual bonuses. I thus use the three variables
as a conceptual framework to organise my analysis.

The plaintiff’s promotion

92 I begin with the plaintiff’s prospects of promotion. There are two levels
of promotions that the plaintiff could have enjoyed but for his accident: from
ED to MDSA, and from MDSA to MD.

93 Having considered the evidence, I am satisfied that the plaintiff has
discharged the burden of showing that he had an appreciable chance of being
promoted to MDSA but for the accident. Luigi Vignola (“Mr Vignola”) was the
plaintiff’s direct superior at BJB at the time of the accident. Mr Vignola’s
evidence was that, but for his accident, the plaintiff would have achieved
rapid career progression within BJB and would today be one of its leading
executives: 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

Luigi Vignola’s AEIC at para 7.

I am convinced that had it not been for his unfortunate accident in November
2014, Mr. Pollmann would today be a leading executive of our bank. I have no
doubt that there was a clear potential for Mr. Pollmann to pursue a rapid
career progression and move into roles with even more managerial
responsibility, potentially becoming a Managing Director of Julius Baer or any
other similar Bank or financial institution. [emphasis added]

94 As stated above, Mr Vignola testified that the plaintiff had the “clear
potential” to attain MD rank. A promotion to MDSA must precede promotion to
MD. It follows that Mr Vignola must have at least considered the plaintiff to
have the same “clear potential” to attain MDSA rank. However, the reality is
that a promotion from ED to MDSA is much more frequent, and therefore likely,
than a promotion from MDSA to MD. Implicit in Mr Vignola’s evidence is that it
was even more likely for the plaintiff to be promoted from ED to MDSA than his
“clear potential” for a promotion from MDSA to MD. Mr Vignola’s evidence is
important because he, as the plaintiff’s direct supervisor, would have been
the person chiefly responsible for championing and awarding the plaintiff’s
promotion from ED to MDSA. The defendant’s expert himself recognised this. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 155.

95 The defendant submits that Mr Vignola’s affidavit evidence amount merely to
“rhetorical statements”, because it was not clear what “leading executive”
means, and that the plaintiff at most had a chance of being promoted to MD
rank, a chance which was not even properly quantified by Mr Vignola. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at paras 107–111.

The defendant’s interpretation of Mr Vignola’s evidence is somewhat strained.
Mr Vignola explained the concept of “leading executive” to mean a MD. Further,
it would be unrealistic to expect Mr Vignola to assign a numerical probability
to the plaintiff’s prospects of a promotion. Even the parties’ experts were
unable to do that. What carries great weight with me is the overall tenor of
Mr Vignola’s assessment of the plaintiff. Having considered Mr Vignola’s
evidence, both in chief and under cross-examination, I am satisfied that Mr
Vignola considered the plaintiff to have at the very least an appreciable
chance of being promoted to MDSA.

96 The defendant also submits that Mr Vignola’s assessment is not of much
weight because Mr Vignola did not have much of a basis in the plaintiff’s
performance and track record at BJB on which to make an assessment. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at paras 114–119.

I do not accept this. The plaintiff had been working under Mr Vignola’s
supervision for just under a year before his accident. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 115.

This, in my view, is a sufficient period for Mr Vignola to make a reasonable
assessment of the plaintiff’s capabilities and current estimated potential.

97 The defendant further submits that Mr Vignola’s praise of the plaintiff is
insufficient evidence that the plaintiff would have received those promotions,
because the plaintiff’s promotions are not within Mr Vignola’s exclusive
control. His promotions would have been subject to approval by an independent
board of assessors within BJB. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 182.

That may be the case, but the standard of proof, as the defendants concede, is
simply an appreciable chance. Mr Vignola’s evidence is in my view more than
sufficient for the plaintiff to satisfy this standard.

98 The defendant submits that Mr Vignola was replaced in 2017 by one Rajesh
Manwani (“Mr Manwani”). Since no evidence from Mr Manwani was adduced, it
could not be said that Mr Manwani shared Mr Vignola’s high estimation of the
plaintiff’s capabilities and current estimated potential. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 180.

I do not find this argument convincing. Mr Manwani did not give evidence
because he did not work with the plaintiff. He therefore had no basis on which
to assess the plaintiff’s capabilities or to give evidence as to the
plaintiff’s prospects of promotion. Therefore, the fact that the plaintiff did
not call Mr Manwani cannot be held against the plaintiff. Further, I am
satisfied that Mr Vignola’s assessment of the plaintiff’s capabilities and
current estimated potential is not a partial or idiosyncratic assessment but
is an impartial and rational assessment.

99 Second, there was evidence at trial that the plaintiff’s post-accident
replacement in BJB, Sacha Walker (“Mr Walker”), is currently of MDSA rank. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 161.

The plaintiff relies on this as evidence that the plaintiff too would have
been promoted to MDSA rank. The defendant argues that this evidence is of
little to no weight, since there is no evidence that Mr Walker was promoted to
MDSA rank after coming to work at BJB Singapore. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

Defendant’s Reply Submissions at paras 212–213.

I do not find this argument persuasive. Even if Mr Walker was already of MDSA
rank when he came to BJB Singapore to replace the plaintiff, the fact remains
that BJB considers it appropriate that a person of MDSA rank do the
plaintiff’s former job.

100 Third, the plaintiff was selected for BJB’s global Team Leadership
Program, which is a prerequisite to a promotion to MDSA rank. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

Luigi Vignola’s AEIC at para 6.

The defendant argues that the plaintiff’s involvement in this program is a
necessary but not a sufficient condition for promotion to MDSA rank. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

Defendant’s Reply Submissions at para 207.

That is no doubt true. But the plaintiff was one of only three persons in the
departments which were then under Mr Vignola’s purview selected to participate
in the program. He was presumably selected from the six or seven team heads
under Mr Vignola, of whom the plaintiff was one. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 163.

It appears to me therefore that the selection process is still somewhat
competitive and that the plaintiff’s selection is of some weight in
demonstrating that he was some way along the path for promotion to MDSA.

101 Finally, the defendant argues that the uncertain state of the economy
would have affected the plaintiff’s prospects of promotion. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at paras 168–174.

This argument is too general and too speculative to be taken into
consideration. The plaintiff’s promotional prospects must be assessed over 21
years into the future. There is no basis to assume that the economic
uncertainty would have continued throughout this long period.

102 I therefore accept that the plaintiff has discharged the burden of proving
that he would have been promoted to MDSA rank. Having said that, I do not
accept that the plaintiff has discharged the burden of showing that he would
have been promoted to MD rank. I say that for several reasons. First and
foremost, as a matter of statistical inference, Mr Vignola gave evidence that
in the two departments then under his purview, which had about a hundred
staff, there were ten MDSAs but only one MD, ie, Mr Vignola himself. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 163.

The number of MDs for BJB as a whole is similar: out of some eight hundred
staff, there are 80 MDSAs but only 25 to 30 MDs. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 162.

A promotion from MDSA to MD is considerably less likely than a promotion from
ED to MDSA.

103 The plaintiff seeks to downplay this statistical inference by referring,
once again, to Mr Vignola’s favourable testimony. According to the plaintiff,
it should be enough that Mr Vignola testified that the plaintiff had “clear
potential” to be promoted to MD (see [93] above). I do not accept the
plaintiff’s submission. There is a key difference between a promotion from ED
to MDSA and a promotion from MDSA to MD. The latter promotion could only have
come about if the plaintiff were to take over Mr Vignola’s position. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 165.

In the former situation, the plaintiff’s promotion would not have affected Mr
Vignola in any way. This distinction, to my mind, reduces the weight of Mr
Vignola’s testimony in relation to the plaintiff’s prospects of promotion to
MD rank. Of course, this distinction applies only if the plaintiff remained in
the same department in BJB as he was before the accident. But if the plaintiff
was to change department, Mr Vignola’s testimony would once again be of less
weight as to the plaintiff’s prospects in that new department.

104 Second, there is no objective evidence that the plaintiff was on track to
be promoted to MD as there was for a promotion to MDSA. The plaintiff cannot
be faulted for this. His possible promotion to MD was far in the future and
subject to many contingencies at the time of the accident. But the burden of
proof nevertheless rests on the plaintiff. And in the absence of any other
evidence, I cannot find based on Mr Vignola’s oral evidence of “clear
potential” that there was an appreciable chance that the plaintiff would have
been promoted to MD. For completeness, I do not give much weight to the
plaintiff’s track record of past achievements or his ongoing projects at the
time of the accident. As the defendant has rightly pointed out, most if not
all candidates vying for a MD position would have the same track record.

105 Having established that the plaintiff had an appreciable chance of being
promoted to MDSA rank but not beyond, I now must establish what his income
would likely be. The plaintiff argues that as the plaintiff would become more
senior and would draw a higher salary, I should not select a single
multiplicand. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at paras 192–193.

However, as I have found that the plaintiff would have been promoted only to
MDSA, there is in my view no contraindication to using a single multiplicand
for the entire period of the plaintiff’s loss. Insofar as the plaintiff’s
salary would continue to increase because of the ordinary annual salary
increments, without a change in rank, these increases do not necessitate the
use of different multiplicands, since these increases would not be as radical
as a step-change increases occasioned by promotion to a new rank.

106 I note that Mr Evans and Mr Tan’s initial positions on the plaintiff’s
base salary upon promotion to MDSA are similar. Mr Evans pegged the
plaintiff’s annual base salary as MDSA as between $420,000 and $540,000, 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

Jonathan Mark Evans’ AEIC at p 50, para 284.

while the defendant’s expert, Mr Edmund Tan (“Mr Tan”) pegged it as between
$450,000 and $460,000. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

Tan Peng Yew Edmund’s AEIC at pp 33–34, Tables A3, A4, Raw Base Salary value
for Year 5.

This is consistent with Mr Vignola’s evidence of Mr Walker’s annual income as
an MDSA, which is between $425,000 and $475,000. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

Certified Transcript (22 January 2020) at p 56, ln 21.

Further, Mr Tan estimates the plaintiff’s promotion to come with a 10%
increase compared to his base salary as an ED. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

Tan Peng Yew Edmund’s AEIC at p 29.

This is consistent with Mr Evan’s estimation. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

Jonathan Mark Evans’ AEIC at p 50, para 284.

I am inclined to use the midpoint value of Mr Walker’s annual income at
$450,000 as the appropriate approximation of the plaintiff’s annual income
upon promotion to MDSA.

107 For the purposes of this calculation, it is also necessary to determine
when the plaintiff would have been promoted to MDSA. Mr Evans estimates that
the plaintiff would have been promoted as early as 2016. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

Jonathan Mark Evans’ AEIC at p 50, para 284.

Mr Tan estimates that this promotion would have happened only in 2022. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

Tan Peng Yew Edmund’s AEIC at pp 13, 29.

There is no clear method by which either expert has arrived at his estimate.
In the circumstances, I am inclined to assume that the plaintiff would be
promoted in 2020, being a point between those two dates but closer to the
later date.

The plaintiff’s base salary

108 However, the plaintiff’s base salary when first promoted to MDSA is only a
starting point, since his base salary was likely to increase over the duration
of his loss with the routine annual salary increments. The defendant argues
that the chance of the plaintiff receiving salary increments is “speculative”.
106

##### Foot Note 106

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 187.

I do not accept this argument. The plaintiff did receive annual increments
between 2014 and 2015. There is nothing to suggest that this trend would not
have continued into the future after the plaintiff was promoted to MDSA.

109 I begin with the plaintiff’s approach. Mr Evans states in his report that
the plaintiff’s base salary as an MDSA from 2016 to 2021 would have been
between $420,000 and $540,000. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

Jonathan Mark Evans’ AEIC at p 50, para 284.

He stated that this range took into account salary increments. However, he did
not give a specific figure, or even a range of figures, for what the annual
salary increments actually would have been. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at paras 204–213.

Nor did he give any evidence on the basis on which he arrived at this range of
incomes, citing confidentiality as a reason. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

Jonathan Mark Evans’ AEIC at p 45.

110 Mr Evans’ hesitance to commit to a figure for annual salary increments may
be understandable given the uncertainties involved. But uncertainty is not in
itself a basis to justify a failure to give a figure or a range. Further, he
also gave no evidence on the methodology or the basis on which he arrived at
the range of base salaries in the preceding paragraph. In the circumstances,
the weight which I can give to Mr Evans’ estimate is limited.

111 I now turn to the defendant’s approach. The defendant’s expert, Mr Tan,
adopted a different methodology from Mr Evans. He began by calculating the
plaintiff’s actual salary increment between 2014 and 2015, which he worked out
to be 1.67%. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

Tan Peng Yew Edmund’s AEIC at p 25.

However, he noted that this increment may have been awarded on the basis only
of the plaintiff’s work in January 2014 up to the accident in November 2014.
He thus uplifted the increment to arrive at an annual salary increment of 2%
if the plaintiff’s working year in 2014 had not been cut short by the
accident. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

Tan Peng Yew Edmund’s AEIC at p 25.

He then gave a further top-up of 0.5% to arrive at an annual salary increment
figure of 2.5%. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

Tan Peng Yew Edmund’s AEIC at p 28 and 29.

112 I prefer Mr Tan’s methodology for three reasons. First, his estimate of
the annual increment was based on actual calculations of the plaintiff’s
salary change between 2014 and 2015. The plaintiff pointed out that this
change in salary occurred after the accident took place, and therefore it
cannot be readily assumed that this change is reflective of the increment that
the plaintiff would have been awarded but for the accident. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions at para 132.

This complaint, while intuitively appealing, was not supported by evidence.
More importantly, Mr Tan himself recognised that the increment awarded in 2015
may have taken into account only the plaintiff’s work up to the accident. He
has thus included an appropriate uplift. He also gave a further uplift to
arrive at an annual figure of 2.5%. This further uplift in my view
satisfactorily addresses the plaintiff’s complaint. Second, Mr Tan provided
some corroborative evidence to show his estimate of the increment was
consistent with the figures from the market. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

Tan Peng Yew Edmund’s AEIC at p 25,

Third, Mr Evans made his estimates on the assumption that the plaintiff would
have been promoted to MD in 2022, ie, Mr Evans did not factor annual salary
increments from 2023 onwards into his estimate of the plaintiff’s base salary
as MDSA. As a corollary, adopting Mr Tan’s estimation would be less
prejudicial to the plaintiff.

113 I am inclined to assume that the plaintiff’s annual increments would be at
2.5%, bearing in mind the plaintiff’s complaint in the preceding paragraph.
Since the plaintiff’s base salary is now assumed to be increasing at a steady
2.5% per annum, the average base salary that the plaintiff would earn over the
21 years remaining of his career at the time of the accident (see [37] above)
can be approximated as his base salary at the halfway point of that 21-year
period. The plaintiff’s average base salary can therefore be approximated to
be $450,000 x (1.025)^(21/2) = $583,194.07. For ease of calculation, I round
this figure to the nearest $10,000 to achieve a value of $580,000.

114 There is one further matter. This analysis presumes that the plaintiff
would have remained in BJB’s employment for the remainder of his career. Mr
Evans in his expert report did provide an alternative scenario where the
plaintiff joined another private bank in Singapore. That scenario would have
entailed a further uplift of 17.5% to the plaintiff’s base salary. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

Jonathan Mark Evans’ AEIC at p 50.

I am prepared to accept that there was an appreciable chance that the
plaintiff would have joined another private bank, since he was only 38 years
old at the time of the accident. Most employees of that age will have at least
one change of employment in the course of their career. However, I do not
accept that the jump would have entailed a 17.5% uplift to the plaintiff’s
base salary. Mr Evans adduced no objective evidence to support his estimation.
I therefore assume that, even if the plaintiff had changed employer, it would
not have made a material difference overall to his lifetime earnings.

The plaintiff’s yearly bonuses

115 The plaintiff’s annual remuneration also had a bonus component. I start
with Mr Tan’s evidence. Mr Tan’s range is premised on his calculations of the
plaintiff’s bonus in 2015 and some corroborating evidence from the market. Mr
Tan begins his analysis with the plaintiff’s bonus in 2015, which was 14.7% of
his base salary. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

Tan Peng Yew Edmund’s AEIC at p 25.

He thus estimated the future bonuses to be anywhere between 0% and 16% of the
plaintiff’s base salary. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

Tan Peng Yew Edmund’s AEIC at p 29.

He then compared this with industry information on the range of bonuses
awarded to a private banker and found it to be consistent.

116 However, as the plaintiff points out, the bonus awarded to him for 2015
was much reduced because of his accident in 2014. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 160(c).

An annual bonus is generally a reward to an employee for his performance over
the past year. Since the plaintiff was on leave for most of 2015, it is very
likely that his bonus for 2015 was not indicative of the bonus he would have
been awarded but for the accident. This is the same conceptual point that the
plaintiff made about Mr Tan’s estimate of the plaintiff’s annual increments.
However, the criticism in the context of bonuses is much weightier, because
there was evidence to show that the plaintiff could have earned a much higher
bonus than he actually received for 2015. First, Mr Vignola states in his
affidavit of evidence in chief that the plaintiff could generally have
expected bonuses of between 6 and 9 months of base salary in good years. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

Luigi Vignola’s AEIC at para 8.

In percentage terms, this is an annual bonus of 50% to 75% of his base salary.
In cross-examination, Mr Vignola recognised that the bonus actually awarded
would of course vary with the circumstances, both individual and general. But
I accept that the range of six to nine months is the general starting position
in the plaintiff’s industry generally and at BJB specifically. Second, Mr
Vignola gave evidence in cross-examination that Mr Walker was awarded a bonus
of roughly 12 months of base salary as an MDSA. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

Certified Transcript (22 January 2020) at p 56, lns 21–28.

For these reasons, I do not attach great weight to Mr Tan’s range of 0% to
16%.

117 I turn to Mr Evans’ estimate. He estimated that the plaintiff’s bonuses as
an MDSA would range between 50% and 75%. Mr Evans’ estimation is consistent
with Mr Vignola’s evidence that in a good year, the plaintiff could have been
awarded six to nine months’ bonus. Mr Evans’ estimate is also supported by Mr
Vignola’s evidence on the bonus actually awarded to Mr Walker. But Mr Evans’
evidence goes further in that he concludes that the plaintiff’s expected
bonuses would be between 50% and 75% of base salary every year, as opposed to
in the good years. Once again, Mr Evans fails to present the methodology
behind this estimate or the evidence supporting it. I appreciate that bonuses
to senior bankers are closely guarded confidential information with strategic
value to industry players. But at the same time, I find it difficult to accept
at face value what are essentially broad and bare assertions by Mr Evans. I
prefer Mr Evans’ evidence to Mr Tan’s, but I give Mr Evans’ evidence only
slightly more weight than Mr Tan’s.

118 Having considered the experts’ evidence, I take as my starting point Mr
Evans’ range for the plaintiff’s annual bonuses at 50% to 75%. However, that
is not the end of the matter. For two reasons, the actual cash and guaranteed
component of the plaintiff’s bonus will be significantly lower than the 50% to
75% range.

119 First of all, Mr Vignola’s evidence is that the 50% to 75% range is for a
good year, not for every year. I have no basis on which to find that every
year of the plaintiff’s remaining career would have been a good year, whether
for his employer generally or for him personally. I therefore cannot assume
that the plaintiff would have been awarded bonuses of between 50% and 75% of
his base salary for every remaining year of the plaintiff’s career.

120 Second, the defendant points out that part of the plaintiff’s bonus would
take the form of shares and another part would be deferred. The value of these
two components, the defendant submits, is too speculative to be included in
this assessment exercise. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at paras 243–245.

On this point, Mr Evans testified that a deferred bonus, once declared, will
generally be paid. He also testified that it is only in extremely rare
circumstances that a declared bonus awarded to a senior executive is
withdrawn, even if deferred. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

Certified Transcript (30 March 2020) at p 56, ln 1–21.

On the shares, however, Mr Evans accepted that the value of these shares is
only realised when the plaintiff sells them, and that the price of these
shares will fluctuate depending on the bank’s financial performance. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

Certified Transcript (30 March 2020) at p 53, ln 20 to p 54, ln 15.

121 I accept that a downward adjustment to the starting range of bonuses is
necessary, taking into account the vagaries of corporate and personal
performance and the speculative nature of the share component of the bonus.
Taking into account all the evidence presented to me and all the circumstances
of the case, I am of the view that an average yearly bonus figure of 35% of
the plaintiff’s annual salary is appropriate.

122 The defendant also argues that bonuses in the range of 50% to 75% of base
salary are now unrealistic, given the prevailing economic uncertainties and
the COVID-19 pandemic. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 241.

I agree that there is considerable economic uncertainty now, especially as the
COVID-19 pandemic is not over even now, more than a year after it began. But
as I have already pointed out, the period of the plaintiff’s loss is over two
decades. Given this time frame, it is unfair to the plaintiff to assume that
the economy will be in a constant state of uncertainty throughout that entire
period. I therefore reject this submission.

The calculations

123 Thus far, I have decided that the average base salary for the plaintiff
over the rest of his career would be at $580,000 per annum. I have also
decided that an average bonus of 35% would have been awarded upon this base
salary. That yields a total average annual income of $783,000 per annum. The
parties have agreed that a further pension contribution of $24,458 is to be
added to that figure. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 177; Defendant’s Reply Submissions at
para 263.

That yields a gross average annual income of $807,458.

124 Annual income tax must be deducted from this figure. The prevailing rate
of income tax in Singapore is $44,550 tax on the first $320,000 of income and
22% on anything above $320,000. The plaintiff assumed a $30,000 tax deduction
in his calculations, 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at paras 174 and 177.

said to be “usual”. I do not adopt that deduction. I assume only a tax
deduction of $15,000, which is what is shown in the plaintiff’s notices of
assessment for the years 2015 – 2017. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC at pp 99–101.

The tax on the plaintiff’s gross annual income would be [0.22 x ($807,458 -
$15,000 - $320,000) + 44,550] = $148,490.76.

125 I therefore arrive at a figure of $658,967.24 as the plaintiff’s annual
average post-tax net income. That figure is therefore the multiplicand for the
plaintiff’s lost earnings pre-retirement.

The plaintiff’s post-retirement earnings

126 The final issue in calculating the plaintiff’s loss of future earnings is
his post-retirement income. The plaintiff’s case is that, but for the
accident, he was likely to have continued working in a consulting or
equivalent capacity from his retirement until age 70. As a result, the
plaintiff argues that the damages awarded to him for loss of future earnings
ought to include a component to compensate him for his lost post-retirement
earnings. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 177.

As mentioned above at [38], I have decided to calculate the plaintiff’s post-
retirement earnings separately from his pre-retirement earnings, because his
annual income post-retirement (if any) would be much lower than his annual
income pre-retirement.

127 The plaintiff relies on Mr Evans’ report, which states that it is very
likely for a person of the plaintiff’s qualifications and experience to
continue participating in economic activity post-retirement. Mr Evans also
estimates that the plaintiff was likely to have earned anywhere between
$125,000 and $250,000 per annum gross post-retirement. 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

Jonathan Mark Evans’ AEIC at p 55, para 312.

128 In response, the defendant argues that the plaintiff has not adduced any
evidence of his intention to continue working post-retirement. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

Defendant’s Reply Submissions at para 260.

The defendant further argues that, in any event, projecting the plaintiff’s
post-retirement earnings is exponentially more difficult than projecting his
pre-retirement earnings. It would require so much guesswork and imagination
that it is within the realm of mere speculation. 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

Defendant’s Reply Submissions at paras 257 and 259.

129 In my view, it is not necessary for the plaintiff to have testified that
he intended to continue working post-retirement for me to find that there is
an appreciable chance that he would do so. First, the plaintiff was only 38 at
the time of the accident and 44 at the time of the assessment. He is simply
too young to have given any serious thought to working post-retirement.
Second, it is not clear what kind of evidence would suffice to establish his
intention to continue working post-retirement. Perhaps the defendant has in
mind a statement in the plaintiff’s affidavit that he intended to continue
working post-retirement. A bare statement to that effect is neither meaningful
nor necessary. Any evidence he would give about his intentions in more than 20
years’ time would be of little or no evidential weight.

130 The prospect of the plaintiff continuing to work post-retirement thus
depends on the strength and cogency of Mr Evans’ expert evidence. While I have
expressed my criticism of Mr Evans’ expert evidence on certain points, these
criticisms generally arise in relations to Mr Evans’ lack of methodology in
the quantification of the figures which he presented to this court. However,
this criticism carries less weight in relation to the assessment of what is
essentially a qualitative assessment of the post-retirement aspirations of a
person in the plaintiff’s position. Methodological clarity is, in my view,
less important for such a qualitative assessment. What is more important is
the expert’s credentials and experience in the field. On this part, there is
little fault that can be found with Mr Evans’ evidence. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

Jonathan Mark Evans’ AEIC at pp 9–10, paras 1–12.

Further, there is no denying the fact that but for the accident, the plaintiff
would have amassed a wealth of experience by his retirement as (at the
minimum) a MDSA, which is a relatively senior position. I therefore find that
there is an appreciable chance that the plaintiff would have continued working
post-retirement.

131 However, when it comes to the quantification of the plaintiff’s post-
retirement income, Mr Evans’ evidence once again falls short. This
quantification exercise naturally places a greater premium on methodological
clarity, and there was none from Mr Evans. It is understandable that a precise
quantification of the plaintiff’s post-retirement income is impossible, but Mr
Evans could have at least explained the methodology underlying his
conclusions. In addition, Mr Evans did not state how long a person in the
plaintiff’s position would be likely to continue working post-retirement. The
plaintiff was content to assert, without any evidence or justification, that
he would work until 70 years old. I do not find this bare assertion to be
sufficient.

132 In the circumstances, I consider it more appropriate to make a lump-sum
award for the plaintiff’s lost post-retirement earnings. I am once again
constrained by the evidence, but this evidential uncertainty must be overcome
to award just compensation to a tort victim. Viewing the evidence in the
round, I am of the view that a lump-sum award of $100,000 is appropriate. That
lump sum is, of course, a present value and has therefore already been
discounted for accelerated receipt.

The final value

133 The plaintiff’s award for loss of future earnings, omitting cents for
convenience, is thus ![Math Equation](data:image/Png;base64,
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)

Recurring future medical and related expenses

The multiplier

The applicable principles

134 The applicable principles for determining the multiplier have been
canvassed at [30] above. Those principles apply equally to assessing the award
for the plaintiff’s future medical expenses. Once again, I will rely on three
approaches: the actuarial approach, the arithmetic approach and the precedent
approach. In the case of future medical expenses, however, the Singapore
Tables must be approached with particular caution. This is because, as I have
mentioned, the Singapore Tables are based on life expectancy data between 1992
and 2012. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

PB2 at p 146.

Life expectancy as at 2020 is likely to be different and higher. And the
period of loss for some of the plaintiff’s future medical expenses is the rest
of his natural life, not simply the rest of his working life.

The number of periods of future losses

135 Determining the number of periods of the plaintiff’s loss is relevant only
to the arithmetical approach. The number of periods depends on the plaintiff’s
life expectancy at the date of the assessment. As at 2018, the life expectancy
at birth for a Singaporean male is 81.0 years. The life expectancy at 65 years
of age for a Singaporean male is 19.3 years, giving a total lifespan of 84.3
years. 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 144.

The life expectancy for a 40 year old Swiss male is 42.7 years, giving a total
lifespan of 82.7 years. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 144.

The plaintiff himself suggests a life expectancy figure of 81. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions at paras 13 and 77.

I adopt the figure of 81 years for the arithmetic approach. This figure is
generally consistent with the Singapore data and also closest to the life
expectancy of a Swiss male at 40 years of age, which is the profile most
closely comparable to the plaintiff. The number of periods of the plaintiff’s
loss in respect of future medical expenses is thus 81 minus 44 years (the age
of the plaintiff at the assessment date), ie, 37 years.

The discount rate

136 The plaintiff makes the same argument on the discount rate here as he does
for loss of future earnings. He submits that the circumstances of this case
warrant selecting a discount rate considerably below the conventional range,
ie, 4% to 5%. He again submits that the starting point for the discount rate
should be either 1% or 2.5% (see [24] above).

137 However, for this head of loss, the plaintiff goes even further. His case
is that projected healthcare inflation ought to be deducted from this starting
point. He submits that healthcare costs will increase at a rate of 2% per
annum, yielding a final discount rate of either -1% or 0.5%. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 196.

To support this submission, the plaintiff relies once again on the Public
Documents. In particular, the plaintiff relies on: (a) an article in the
Singapore Business Review with the headline “Medical inflation to rise 9.3% in
2020”; 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

PB2 at pp 6–7.

and (b) data from the Yearbook of Statistics Singapore 2019 on the price
indices of medical treatment between 2012 and 2018. 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

PB2 at p 11.

138 I have explained at [68] above why I do not accept the plaintiff’s
starting point of a discount rate of 1% or 2.5% for loss of future earnings.
The same reasoning applies to the plaintiff’s future medical expenses. I did
not find it necessary to analyse the proper treatment of inflation in
assessing the plaintiff’s loss of future earnings. Now that the plaintiff has
advanced a specific case on inflation in assessing future medical expenses, I
must now analyse explicitly this aspect of the plaintiff’s case.

139 The plaintiff’s argument on inflation has the same evidential difficulty
as I have explained above at [44]. He relies on the Public Documents for
economic data on the inflation rate. But the Public Documents were not
admitted in the evidential phase of the assessment. He thus invites me to take
judicial notice of the Public Documents.

140 The plaintiff invites me to take judicial notice of four facts asserted in
the Public Documents as part of his case on healthcare inflation: 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

PB2 at Index, S/Ns 1–4.

(a) The annual healthcare inflation rate of 10% for employers, as reported by
the Singapore Business Review;

(b) The healthcare inflation rate of 1.6% per annum in 2019, as recorded in
the Singapore Yearbook of Statistics 2019;

(c) The healthcare inflation rate of about 10% per annum in 2018, as reported
by the Business Times; and

(d) The healthcare inflation rate of about 10% per annum in 2018, as reported
by the Straits Times.

141 I have analysed the principles on taking judicial notice at [46]–[49]
above. The facts mentioned in the preceding paragraph are not in Category 1.
They are highly specific economic information. Thus, the key question is
whether these facts are in Category 2, ie, whether they can be easily or
accurately established by “unimpeachable” or “authoritative” sources.

142 My findings on whether I can take judicial notice of these facts is as
follows:

(a) The healthcare inflation rate of 10% for employers (at [140(a)]) cannot be
the subject of judicial notice. The source for this fact, as indicated in the
Singapore Business Review article, is a “survey of medical insurers by Willis
Towers Watson”. 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

PB2 at p 6.

I do not accept Willis Towers Watson as an authoritative source.

(b) The 2019 healthcare inflation rate of 1.6% per annum (at [140(b)]) can be
the subject of judicial notice. The source for this fact is the Department of
Statistics of the Ministry of Trade and Industry (“MTI”). I accept that MTI is
an authoritative source on matters within its purview.

(c) The 2018 healthcare inflation rate of 10% per annum (at [140(c)] and
[140(d)]) cannot be the subject of judicial notice. The source for this fact
in both articles is a report from Mercer Marsh Benefits, an American human
resource consultant. I do not accept Mercer Marsh Benefits as an authoritative
source.

143 Nevertheless, even taking the plaintiff’s case at its highest, and even
assuming that I take judicial notice of all four of the facts at [140], there
is still no basis to conclude that the plaintiff’s future medical expenses
will increase at a rate of 2% per annum. There are two fatal flaws in the
plaintiff’s case. First, the inflation data pertains to healthcare inflation
in general. Data at such a high level of generality is of limited use. The
plaintiff’s loss is the cost of a limited basket of specific medical
treatments. There is nothing to suggest that the general inflation data
applies to these specific medical treatments. Second, the plaintiff’s
treatments are expected to continue decades into the future. There is nothing
in the data itself to suggest that the high inflation rate cited by the
plaintiff will continue decades into the future. Nor has the plaintiff adduced
any expert economic evidence to that effect. I also note that the inflation
data, even on the plaintiff’s own evidence, appears to be fluctuating widely,
by close to an order of magnitude (ie, from 10% in 2018 to 1.6% in 2019).

144 In summary, the plaintiff has not adduced sufficient evidence, either
factual or expert, to satisfy me that the plaintiff’s future medical expenses
will increase at an overall rate of 2% per annum for the duration of his loss.
Nor has the plaintiff satisfied me that the starting point for selecting the
discount rate should be outside the conventional range, either at 1% or 2.5%.

145 In the circumstances, there is no basis to depart from the conventional
range. For the same reasons as I gave in respect of the plaintiff’s loss of
future earnings, I fix the discount rate for the plaintiff’s future medical
expenses also at 4.25% (see [75] above).

146 I now calculate the multiplier using the arithmetic approach. Using the
formula at [9] above, I arrive at a figure of 18.48, or 18 rounded off to the
nearest integer.

Cross-checking the arithmetic approach

147 I now cross-check the multiplier of 18.5 with the actuarial approach and
the precedent approach. Using Table 1 of the Singapore Tables, 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

PB2 at p 96.

a discount rate of 4.25% gives me a multiplier of between 18.42 and 19.83.

148 Turning to the precedents, the parties have drawn my attention to the
following cases:

Case| Sex| Remaining years| Multiplier  
---|---|---|---  
Ng Song Leng v Soh Kim Seng Engineering & Trading Pte Ltd [1997] SGHC 289|
Male| 35| 17  
Hafizul| Male| 34| 18  
Siew Pick Chiang v Hyundai Engineering & Construction Co Ltd and another
[2016] SGHC 266| Male| 38| 19  
  
The multiplier of 18 which I have derived is consistent with both the
actuarial approach and the precedents.

149 Accordingly, the multiplier which I shall use to calculate the plaintiff’s
future medical expenses is 18.

The multiplicand

The applicable principles

150 The defendant accepts that the general principle that the purpose of an
award of damages in tort is to restore a plaintiff to the position that he
would have been in if the defendant had not committed the tort. 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 274.

However, the defendant submits that this principle is subject to a test of
reasonableness. According to the defendant, the plaintiff must show not only
that undergoing a particular course of medical treatment will restore him to
the condition he would have been in if the defendant’s tort had not caused his
injuries, the plaintiff must also show that undergoing that treatment is
reasonable. 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 275.

151 I accept that a plaintiff is entitled to recover damages from the
defendant only for the cost of future medical expenses which the plaintiff
will reasonably incur by reason of the defendant’s tort (see Harvey McGregor
QC, McGregor on Damages (Sweet & Maxwell, 19th Ed, 2014) (“McGregor”) at para
38-181). But this is not a qualification of the general principle of
restitutio in integrum. Instead, the requirement of reasonableness arises
because medical expenses, properly analysed, are steps which the plaintiff
takes to alleviate the loss and damage which a plaintiff suffers by reason of
the tort. The requirement of reasonableness is simply an aspect of the
plaintiff’s so-called “duty” to mitigate his loss: a plaintiff will not be
able to recover any loss which he has incurred by acting unreasonably after
suffering the tort (McGregor at para 4-059).

152 That is not the end of the defendant’s submission. He goes further than
merely advancing a requirement of reasonableness. It is his case also that the
plaintiff can recover damages for the cost of a particular medical treatment
only to the extent that the plaintiff can satisfy me that the treatment is
medically necessary and effective. 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 276.

In other words, even though a medical treatment may restore the plaintiff to
his pre-injury condition and is reasonable, the plaintiff cannot recover the
cost of that treatment unless it is also medically necessary and effective.
146

##### Foot Note 146

×

Certified Transcript (17 January 2020) at p 23, ln 27 to p 24, ln 3.

153 I do not accept this submission. Of course, it is true that a medical
treatment must have some rational connection with alleviating the plaintiff’s
injuries. But the authorities cited by the defendant for this submission do
not stipulate a test of both necessity and effectiveness. And such a test also
contradicts the principle of restitutio in integrum. However, I accept that
necessity and effectiveness (or the lack thereof) are relevant factors in
considering whether a medical treatment is reasonable, which in turn impinges
upon mitigation.

Botox

154 The defendant accepts that the plaintiff will have to undergo life-long
botox treatment for synkinesis. 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 297.

Synkinesis is a neurological condition in which the voluntary movement of one
muscle causes another unrelated muscle to move at the same time. In the
plaintiff’s case, his right eye closes involuntarily when he smiles or bites.
148

##### Foot Note 148

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 291.

The parties however disagree on the likely annual cost of this treatment.

155 The plaintiff relies on the evidence of his expert, Dr Wong Chin Ho (“Dr
Wong”), that the plaintiff will require two botox treatments per year at
$3,000 per treatment, costing a total of $6,000 per annum. 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 23(b).

In response, the defendant makes two points. First, the cost of the
plaintiff’s botox treatment may decrease in the future. Second, that if the
plaintiff undergoes a particular surgical procedure – a “functional muscle
transfer” (see [196] below) – the frequency of his future botox treatment may
also decline. For these two reasons, the defendant argues for a 25% downward
adjustment of the sum awarded for the plaintiff’s botox treatment costs to
$4,500 per annum. 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

Defendant’s Reply Submissions at para 328.

156 The defendant’s first argument is premised on his interpretation of Dr
Wong’s evidence in cross-examination. It is therefore necessary to look more
closely at what Dr Wong actually said: 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

Certified Transcript (17 January 2020) at p 24, ln 22 to p 26, ln 12.

[Defendant’s counsel]: So it’s possible that in future if [the plaintiff]’s
condition improves, he will require less than $3,000 treatment?

[Dr Wong]: It has been 3 years since the injury. Now, most of the recovery
from facial nerve injury occurs within the first 6 to 12 months. Beyond that
if there is no surgical intervention like functional muscle transfer, it is
unlikely that he will have further recovery of the muscle function. So in the
context of---of this, it’s unlikely that, you know, his---his facial
expression will spontaneously improve. Over time, I---I see the dosage of
botox he will need will likely to increase instead of decrease because of, you
know, of this more abnormal movement developing.

[Defendant’s counsel]: Right. But it’s possible, right, that it could be less
than $3,000?

[Dr Wong]: Yes, is possible that it will be less than 3,000, back down to the
1,500, depending on the dosage but it is unlikely that he would recover to the
extent that he will not need this.

[Defendant’s counsel]: I understand, yes. We understand that the treatment is
lifelong - that’s what you recommended. But I’m just asking that it’s possible
that he’ll need less than $3,000?

[Dr Wong]: Yes.

[Defendant’s counsel]: Would it be---it could be within the 1,500 per
treatment range that you indicated in your report. Am I right?

[Dr Wong]: It may but unlikely because he’s developing more and more of these
abnormal movements now. That’s why it’s gradually been coming up. …

…

[Plaintiff’s counsel]: … You see, we lawyers, we've got this thing called a
balance of probability, so that’s why I’m using the words “more likely than
not”. Is [the cost of botox treatment] more likely than not to go down? More
likely than not to remain the same? Or more likely than not to go up?

[Dr Wong]: More likely to remain the same.

157 A closer reading of Dr Wong’s cross-examination shows that what he is
actually saying is that there is a possibility that the plaintiff’s need for
botox treatment will decrease in the future. The defendant also submits that,
contrary to plaintiff’s counsel’s suggestion, the defendant need not show on
the balance of probabilities that the annual cost of the plaintiff’s botox
treatment will decrease. 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

Defendant’s Reply Submissions at para 317.

On this basis, therefore, the defendant relies on Dr Wong’s evidence for
adjusting the botox treatment costs down by 25%.

158 I agree with the defendant that the standard of proof in making a finding
as to future loss, especially loss stretching decades into the future, cannot
be approached in the same way as it is when making a finding as to a
historical fact. Having said that, I am satisfied on the basis of Dr Wong’s
evidence that the annual cost of the plaintiff’s botox treatment will not
decline over the period of the plaintiff’s loss. All that Dr Wong accepted is
that there is a possibility that these costs will decrease. Dr Wong also
testified that the plaintiff “is developing more and more of these abnormal
[facial] movements now. That’s why [the botox dosage has] gradually been
coming up” and that “Over time, I see the dosage of botox he will need will be
likely to increase”. 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

Certified Transcript (17 January 2020) at p 24, ln 29–31 and p 25, ln 11–ln
12.

Dr Wong’s evidence is no basis on which to make any downward adjustment to
this head of loss.

159 The defendant’s other argument is that the plaintiff will have less need
for botox treatment once he undergoes a “functional muscle transfer”
procedure. The defendant relies on Dr Wong’s evidence that “if there is no
surgical intervention like functional muscle transfer, it is unlikely that he
will have further recovery of the muscle function”, 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

Certified Transcript (17 January 2020) at p 24, ln 25–26.

thus necessitating less botox treatment. The defendant extrapolates from Dr
Wong’s evidence, and submits that the converse is also true. In other words,
if there is a functional muscle procedure, the plaintiff’s muscle function
will recover, and as such there is no need for further botox treatment.

160 In my view, this submission is a non sequitur. Dr Wong’s evidence is that
not undergoing a surgical intervention like a functional muscle transfer will
necessitate more botox treatment. It does not follow that the opposite is
true, ie, that undergoing such a surgical intervention will necessitate less
botox treatment. In all fairness, this may be implicit in Dr Wong’s evidence.
But in the absence of an explicit statement from Dr Wong to this effect, I
cannot accept the defendant’s submission.

161 I therefore find that the multiplicand for botox treatment is $6,000 per
annum.

Psychotherapy

162 The parties agree that the plaintiff will require one-hour psychotherapy
sessions once a week for the rest of his life, ie, about 52 sessions per year.
155

##### Foot Note 155

×

Defendant’s Reply Submissions at para 399.

These psychotherapy sessions are distinct from psychiatric consultations and
neuropsychological consultations for which the plaintiff is also claiming
damages. Once again, the dispute between the parties is the reasonable cost of
each session. The plaintiff’s expert, Dr Clare Henn-Haase (“Dr Henn-Haase”),
testified that the hourly rate for the psychotherapy which the plaintiff needs
is $350. The defendant’s expert, Dr Marina Yap (“Dr Yap”), testified that the
hourly rate is $190.

163 The plaintiff argues that I should adopt Dr Henn-Haase’s rate for the
multiplicand of this head of loss. According to the plaintiff, Dr Yap does not
have specialist training in neuropsychology, which is the type of training
necessary to render psychotherapy for the types of injuries that the plaintiff
has suffered. It follows that Dr Yap’s rates are not indicative of what the
plaintiff will have to pay, as Dr Yap does not have the necessary specific
experience and qualifications to treat the plaintiff. 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 16.

164 I reject the plaintiff’s argument. The premise of the argument is that the
plaintiff should receive psychotherapy from a neuropsychologist and not just a
general clinical psychologist. But Dr Henn-Haase, who was treating the
plaintiff before she left Singapore, is a clinical psychologist and not a
neuropsychologist. 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

Dr Clare Marie Henn-Haase’s AEIC at para 1.

Further, the plaintiff himself said that the rate of $350 as quoted by Dr
Henn-Haase is the “standard hourly rate for a clinical psychologist”. 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 18.

165 The fact of the matter is that Dr Henn-Haase and Dr Yap were giving
quotations for the same medical treatment by the same type of psychologist ie,
psychotherapy with a clinical psychologist, but at two different centres. In
the absence of evidence that the quality of the treatment between these two
centres differs materially, there is no reason the plaintiff cannot undergo
treatment at the centre charging the lower rate.

166 I thus find that the multiplicand in respect of psychotherapy is $190 per
sessions x 52 sessions per annum or $9,880 per annum.

Caregiver expenses

167 The parties agree that the plaintiff will require life-long care. The
difference between the parties is about the type of caregiver which it is
reasonable to expect the plaintiff to receive the care from, and the
reasonable cost of care by that caregiver.

168 The parties present estimates of the cost of two different types of
caregiver. The first type is a private nurse, ie, a qualified nurse who is a
Singapore citizen or permanent resident and who is registered with the
Singapore Nursing Board (“SNB”). 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

Exhibit D4B; Anastasia Koriukova’s AEIC at p 37.

A private nurse provides caregiving services on a live-out basis and therefore
part-time. The second type of caregiver is a foreign domestic worker who comes
to work in Singapore on a work permit and with qualifications as a nurse or a
nursing aide in her home country but who is not registered with the SNB. 160

##### Foot Note 160

×

Exhibit D4A.

This type of caregiver provides caregiving services on a live-in, and
therefore full-time, basis.

169 The plaintiff’s case is that only a private nurse can meet his four
requirements for a long-term caregiver. First, the caregiver must be
professionally trained and qualified in caregiving 161

##### Foot Note 161

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 48.

with a specialist understanding of brain injuries such as those which the
plaintiff has suffered. 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 33.

Second, the caregiver must be a native English speaker, so that she can deal
with the communication difficulties caused by the plaintiff’s cognitive
impairments. 163

##### Foot Note 163

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at paras 41 and 42.

Third, the caregiver must have the socio-cultural sensitivity necessary to
care for the plaintiff. Finally, the caregiver must work part-time (ie, 12
hours a day), 164

##### Foot Note 164

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at p 126.

as opposed to living with him and his family. 165

##### Foot Note 165

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 48.

The plaintiff’s case is that a live-in caregiver who is also a foreign-
qualified nurse cannot meet all four of these criteria . 166

##### Foot Note 166

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at paras 39 and 40.

170 On the basis that a private nurse is the appropriate caregiver, the
plaintiff submits that the cost of his long-term care will be $318 per hour
for a twelve-hour day. This is consistent with the defendant’s evidence as to
the cost of a private nurse, coincidentally from the same nursing agency. The
annual cost of a private nurse is therefore $318 x 12 hours x 365 days or
$116,070.

171 The defendant submits that the plaintiff’s claim for a private nurse is
unreasonable, because a private nurse is not necessary. 167

##### Foot Note 167

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at paras 360–362.

According to the defendant, a live-in caregiver with nursing qualifications
from her home country and one to two years’ nursing experience can meet the
plaintiff’s caregiving needs just as well as a private nurse, but at a
fraction of the cost. 168

##### Foot Note 168

×

Defendant’s Reply Submissions at para 471.

Further, the defendant argues that the plaintiff’s caregiver should provide
care full-time rather than part-time, which once again means a live-in
caregiver is more appropriate. On this basis, the plaintiff’s care will cost
$850 per month, or $10,200 per annum. 169

##### Foot Note 169

×

Exhibit D4B.

172 A private nurse who meets all of the plaintiff’s four criteria may well be
the ideal mode of care for the plaintiff, as opposed to a live-in caregiver.
But the test for recoverability is whether a particular head of claim is
reasonable, not whether it is ideal. The question therefore is whether long-
term care from a private nurse is reasonable in all the circumstances. I also
accept the defendant’s submission that the plaintiff’s long-term caregiving
needs can reasonably be met by a live-in caregiver.

173 I begin with the plaintiff’s requirement that his caregiver has a diploma
in caregiving, be a registered nurse and has specialist knowledge of brain
injuries. I consider this requirement can reasonably be met by a live-in
caregiver. There is no evidence that a private nurse is more likely to have
these skills than a live-in caregiver. In fact, a live-in caregiver can be as
skilled in a functional sense as a private nurse. It is quite possible to
engage a live-in caregiver who has a Bachelor of Science (Nursing) degree and
more than a decade of experience as a nurse, albeit outside Singapore. 170

##### Foot Note 170

×

Exhibit D4A.

174 I now turn to the plaintiff’s requirement that his caregiver be a native
English speaker. Again, I consider this requirement can reasonably be met by a
live-in caregiver. It is true that the experts gave evidence that live-in
caregivers, being from overseas, generally have only a basic facility with
English. But this evidence was of a general nature. It does not follow that
all private nurses are more proficient in English than all live-in caregivers
just because the former is a Singapore citizen or permanent resident and the
latter is not. Further, the experts did not focus specifically on live-in
caregivers provided by the agency identified by the defendant, Active Global
Specialised Caregivers Pte Ltd. That agency says that the live-in caregivers
it recruits “speak good English”. 171

##### Foot Note 171

×

Exhibit D4A.

In addition, it is always possible to ask the agency to recruit a live-in
caregiver who has greater facility with English than the usual live-in
caregiver.

175 The plaintiff’s next requirement is that the caregiver possess socio-
cultural sensitivity. Again, I consider this requirement can reasonably be met
by a live-in caregiver. Once again, it is too much of a generalisation to
assume that all private nurses will be more socio-culturally sensitive than
all live-in caregivers just because the former are Singapore citizens or
permanent residents. In any event, socio-cultural sensitivity is a matter of
experience. And there is nothing to suggest that a live-in caregiver will not
acquire the requisite sensitivity in the course of assisting the plaintiff.

176 The plaintiff’s final requirement is that the caregiver work only 12 hours
a day. I consider that a full-time, live-in caregiver will offer more complete
care for the plaintiff than a part-time private nurse. First, the experts have
given evidence that a caregiver will have to assist the plaintiff with his
activities of daily living. A full-time, live-in caregiver will offer the
plaintiff substantially more assistance with his activities of daily living
than a part-time private nurse. Secondly, part-time private nurses work on
rotation. This means that the plaintiff will get a different private nurse to
care for him on different days. The experts agree that this may not be ideal
because no single private nurse would be able to build up familiarity with the
plaintiff and his specific needs. 172

##### Foot Note 172

×

Certified Transcript (24 January 2020) at p 34, ln 27 to p 35, ln 10.

The plaintiff’s main concern about a live-in caregiver is that his residence
has no physical space to accommodate her, and that engaging a live-in
caregiver would create a noisy and crowded environment which would aggravate
his condition. 173

##### Foot Note 173

×

Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions at para 194.

However, I take the view that the plaintiff’s concern is exaggerated, and that
the advantages of having a full-time caregiver would outweigh the
disadvantages. I also bear in mind that a private nurse is more expensive than
a live-in caregiver by a factor of ten.

177 For all of these reasons, I am satisfied that a live-in caregiver is the
appropriate and reasonable mode of giving care to the plaintiff. The rates for
a live-in caregiver vary according to the caregiver’s qualifications and
experience. Given the serious nature of the plaintiff’s injuries and his
resulting needs, I take the view that a live-in caregiver of the highest level
of qualifications and experience would be the most appropriate. On the
evidence presented to me, such a live-in caregiver would be one with a
Bachelor of Science (Nursing) degree from her home country and more than a
decade of experience. The salary for such a live-in caregiver is $1,000 per
month or $12,000 per year. 174

##### Foot Note 174

×

Exhibit D4B.

Transport expenses

178 For the avoidance of doubt, this head of claim is for the plaintiff’s cost
of transport for recurring medical treatment only, ie, treatment which the
plaintiff will have to undergo for the rest of his life. The parties disagree
both on the number of trips that the plaintiff will reasonably need per annum
for his recurring treatment as well as on the reasonable cost of each trip.

179 I start with the reasonable number of trips per annum. This number depends
on the types of treatment that can be considered recurring. The parties agree
on the number of trips which will be reasonable for recurring: (a) audiology
consultations (five); (b) psychiatric consultations (13); (c) botox treatments
(two); (d) psychotherapy (52); (e) neurology reviews for epilepsy (six). That
makes a total of 78 agreed trips per annum. 175

##### Foot Note 175

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 52; Defendant’s Closing Submissions at
para 496; Defendant’s Reply Submissions at para 541.

180 The treatments for which the reasonable number of trips per annum is
disputed are as follows:

(a) Neuropsychological consultations and reviews: I agree with the defendant
that the number of recurring neuropsychological consultations and reviews is
only one per year, ie, for the annual review. The weekly consultations will
last only two years. This cannot be counted as a treatment which will recur
every year for the rest of the plaintiff’s natural life.

(b) Hospital treatments for seizures: the defendant submits that the
plaintiff’s number for these trips should be discounted by 50% because the
plaintiff may not suffer indefinitely from seizures. I do not accept this
submission. There is no evidence that the plaintiff’s seizures will, or even
may, cease. The reasonable number of trips for treatment for the plaintiff’s
seizures is therefore awarded as claimed by the plaintiff: four per year.

181 The number of trips per annum which the plaintiff will have to make for
recurring medical treatment is thus the agreed 78 trips plus a further five
trips for recurring treatment for neuropsychological consultation and reviews
and his seizures. That gives a total of 83 trips per annum.

182 I turn to the reasonable cost per trip. The plaintiff’s evidence is that
the taxi fare from his home to the various clinics is between $10 and $15 one
way. 176

##### Foot Note 176

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 56.

The plaintiff claims the cost of his future trips at the upper end of this
range at $30 per return trip. The defendant submits that the cost should be at
the lower end of the range at $20 because private-hire transport fares (such
as Grab) from the plaintiff’s home to the clinics is below $10 per one-way
trip. 177

##### Foot Note 177

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 497.

183 I accept the defendant’s figure. First, there is no reason why the
plaintiff ought not to take private hire vehicles, which are the more cost-
effective option. The plaintiff asserts that he takes only taxis as private
hire vehicles are, in his view, unsafe. 178

##### Foot Note 178

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 55.

The plaintiff is of course entitled to his view. But I do not consider that
view to be reasonable today. Private hire vehicles and their drivers are now
regulated, and I consider them to be reasonably safe. Second, while the
defendant offers evidence in support of his position on private-hire fares,
179

##### Foot Note 179

×

See the screenshots tendered by the defendant over the course of trial in
relation to the Grab fares.

no such evidence was offered by the plaintiff in relation to the taxi fares.

184 For completeness, the plaintiff also asserts that his estimate of $30 is a
conservative one because it does not account for the peak surcharge. 180

##### Foot Note 180

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 56.

It suffices to note that the evidence shows that he rarely incurs peak hour
surcharges as his medical appointments are not usually scheduled during peak
hours.

185 Accordingly, the transport expenses work out to $20 per trip x 83 trips
per annum = $1,660 per annum.

The total

186 The multiplicand for the plaintiff’s claim for future medical expenses
(leaving aside for the time being psychiatric treatment) is therefore as
follows:

S/N| Claim| Quantumper annum  
---|---|---  
Agreed items  
1| Neuropsychological review assessments| 3,000.00  
2| Anti-seizure medications| 12,840.00  
3 | Neurology outpatient clinic reviews| 856.00  
4| Tinnitus treatment device| 1,264.74  
5| Hearing aids| 2,782.00  
6| Audiologic assessments| 401.25  
Disputed items  
7| Botox| 6,000  
8| Psychotherapy| 9,880  
9| Caregiver expenses| 12,000  
10 | Transport expenses| 1,660  
Total| 50,684  
  
187 The plaintiff’s award for future medical expenses (excluding psychiatric
treatment) is therefore $50,684 x 18 = $912,312.

Psychiatric expenses

188 I have calculated the cost of the plaintiff’s future psychiatric care
separately because the parties have agreed the cost for psychiatric care
between 2020 and 2025. The only dispute on this head of loss, therefore, is
the multiplier for the period from 2025 onwards.

189 For the period from 2025 onwards, the number of periods of future loss are
only 37 – 5 = 32. Strictly speaking, a multiplier would be the starting point
for calculating the present value of a lump sum which will be drawn on
immediately and the value of which will fall to zero five years before the
plaintiff reaches 81 years of age. But in this case, I am attempting to
calculate the present value of a lump sum which will not be drawn on until
2025 and the value of which will fall to zero when the plaintiff reaches 81
years of age. Accordingly, the income earned on this lump sum at the discount
rate will compound without any deduction for the first five years. In other
words, this lump sum will not be drawn down to pay for psychiatric care until
2025. So, from 2020 to 2025, the entire income which the plaintiff earns on
this lump sum will augment the capital and itself yield a return. Be that as
it may, I do not consider the differences to be material.

190 On the arithmetic method, applying the selected discount rate of 4.25%,
the formula yields a multiplier of 17.31. I round that to 17 as the nearest
integer. This is roughly consistent with the multiplier obtained from the
Singapore Tables (for a starting age of 44 + 5 = 49) at between 17.35 and
18.58. 181

##### Foot Note 181

×

PB2 at p 96.

Adopting the multiplier of 17, the claim for the plaintiff’s recurring
psychiatric treatment is $10,700 x 17 = $181,900.

The final value

191 The total of the plaintiff’s claim for future recurring medical expenses,
including psychiatric expenses, thus totals ![Math
Equation](data:image/Png;base64,
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)

One-off future medical expenses

The applicable principles

192 The principles applicable to awarding damages for medical expenses have
been set out at [150]–[152] above. Much like recurring medical expenses, one-
off medical expenses are recoverable insofar that they are reasonable. Whether
the treatment is necessary and effective are relevant factors when determining
whether the medical treatment is reasonable.

Plastic surgery procedures

Upper eyelid surgery

193 The defendant accepts that surgery on the plaintiff’s upper eyelid is
necessary. 182

##### Foot Note 182

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 300.

The dispute is about the cost of the surgery. The plaintiff’s expert, Dr Wong,
estimates the cost as being between $18,000 and $20,000. 183

##### Foot Note 183

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 60.

194 The plaintiff submits that he should be awarded damages at the higher end
of the range because of healthcare inflation. I have explained why I am not
convinced by this argument at [143] above. The defendant submits that damages
should be awarded at the lower end of the range but does not explain why.

195 In the circumstances, I am inclined to choose the midpoint of the range
quoted by Dr Wong, ie, $19,000.

Facial reconstruction procedures

196 The plaintiff’s face was seriously injured in the accident. He will
therefore require three surgical procedures to his face: a tissue transfer,
fat grafting and a face tightening. 184

##### Foot Note 184

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 58.

The defendant accepts that all of these procedures are reconstructive as
opposed to aesthetic, ie, that their purpose is to restore the plaintiff to
his pre-accident position rather than to improve upon his pre-accident
position. 185

##### Foot Note 185

×

Defendant’s Reply Submissions at paras 340–341.

Even then, the defendant argues that the cost of these procedures is not
recoverable, as these facial reconstruction procedures are not necessary in
the sense that they serve no functional purpose.

197 On the point of necessity, the defendant points to Dr Wong’s evidence that
the facial reconstruction procedures seek to restore the plaintiff’s ability
to communicate and interact with others. However, the defendant argues that
the plaintiff’s ability to communicate and interact with others has been
irreversibly impaired because of the cognitive damage he suffered as a result
of the accident. The facial reconstruction procedures would have no effect on
the cognitive damage. 186

##### Foot Note 186

×

Defendant’s Reply Submissions at para 347.

As a result, these procedures cannot improve his ability to communicate and
interact with others.

198 Further, the defendant rejects the plaintiff’s case that these procedures
will alleviate the plaintiff’s psychological issues arising from the injuries
to his face. 187

##### Foot Note 187

×

Defendant’s Reply Submissions at para 349.

According to the defendant, any psychological issues arising from the
plaintiff’s facial injuries are ultimately linked to his ability to
communicate and interact with others. It follows that even if these procedures
restore the plaintiff (as far as possible) to his pre-accident position, his
communication deficits and psychological issues will remain.

199 The defendant directs the argument on effectiveness to the tissue
transfer. He rejects the plaintiff’s position that the tissue transfer is
“related to” the plaintiff’s synkinesis (in respect of which botox treatment
is accepted as necessary – see [154] above). 188

##### Foot Note 188

×

Defendant’s Reply Submissions at para 359.

The defendant argues that the tissue transfer, much like the face tightening,
targets the plaintiff’s facial symmetry, which is a completely different
condition from the synkinesis. In this regard, the defendant relies on Dr
Wong’s evidence that even with the tissue transfer, the plaintiff’s face would
still be significantly asymmetric. According to the defendant, this means that
the tissue transfer is not effective and therefore irrecoverable.

200 I begin with the defendant’s argument on necessity. The central premise of
this argument is that restoring the plaintiff’s facial appearance to its pre-
accident state will not enhance his ability to communicate and interact with
others. I do not accept this premise. It is true that the parties’ experts
gave evidence that the plaintiff’s speech issues are permanent because of his
cognitive deficits and brain injuries. 189

##### Foot Note 189

×

Certified Transcript (16 January 2020) at p 7, ln 12 to p 8, ln 20.

But I accept, as the plaintiff points out, that speech is only one aspect of
communication, ie, communication can be verbal and non-verbal. 190

##### Foot Note 190

×

Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions at para 169.

In fact, Dr Wong gave evidence in cross-examination that: 191

##### Foot Note 191

×

Certified Transcript (17 January 2020) at p 18, lns 15–21.

And Your Honour, you mentioned what is the function of the face. … But humans
have a higher function that is communication. That means when you look at me,
you can tell whether I am afraid, whether I’m comfortable, whether I’m---I’m
concerned about something. All these communicate through very subtle muscle of
facial expressions - the eyes and the mouth and especially around the eyes.
So, with deformities in the face, it affects your ability to communicate. If
anything, it distracts people.

It is evident from Dr Wong’s testimony that restoring the plaintiff’s facial
appearance may have a tangible effect on his ability to communicate non-
verbally. To that extent, I am satisfied that the facial reconstruction
procedures are reasonable and therefore recoverable.

201 A subsidiary premise of the defendant’s argument on necessity is that the
plaintiff’s psychological issues are solely, or substantially, attributable to
his inability to communicate. Given that I have accepted that facial
reconstruction procedures may improve the plaintiff’s ability to communicate
non-verbally, this premise no longer assists the defendant even if true.
However, I am not even satisfied that this premise is true. I am satisfied
that the plaintiff’s psychological issues are substantially caused by more
than just the plaintiff’s inability to communicate. Dr Henn-Haase 192

##### Foot Note 192

×

Dr Clare Marie Henn-Haase’s AEIC at pp 35–36.

and another expert, Dr Calvin Fones (“Dr Fones”) 193

##### Foot Note 193

×

Dr Fones Calvin Soon Leng’ AEIC at p 26, para 43.

gave evidence that the plaintiff is understandably embarrassed and self-
conscious about his looks. Given this evidence, I accept that the plaintiff’s
psychological issues are caused both by his inability to communicate and by
his embarrassment and self-consciousness.

202 I turn now to the defendant’s argument on effectiveness. I reject this
argument also. It is true that the plaintiff will continue to suffer from
facial asymmetry even after the tissue transfer and the face tightening. But
that does not mean that these procedures are so ineffective as to be
unreasonable and therefore irrecoverable. The defendant’s submission assesses
effectiveness on an absolute basis. On the defendant’s submission, a treatment
is effective only if it alleviates completely the consequences of a particular
injury. This position is in my view incompatible with the nature of post-
accident medical treatment, which is to mitigate the damage caused by the
accident. Inherent in the idea of mitigation is a recognition that a complete
return to the pre-injury condition may not always be possible. In my view,
effectiveness is better assessed on a relative basis. A treatment is
effective, and its cost is therefore recoverable, if it is likely to produce a
reasonable improvement in the plaintiff’s condition as compared to his current
condition, even if his improved condition is not identical to his pre-accident
condition. I find that the tissue transfer and the face tightening will effect
a reasonable improvement in the plaintiff’s facial asymmetry, even if they may
not eliminate the asymmetry.

203 For these reasons, I find that the cost of the surgical procedures to the
plaintiff’s face are recoverable. I will take the cost of the treatments as
the midpoint of the range quoted by Dr Wong, which amounts to: 194

##### Foot Note 194

×

AB1 at p 383; Affidavit of Dr Wong Chin Ho (23 October 2019) at p 22;

(a) Tissue transfer: $125,000.

(b) Fat grafting: $87,500 (being $17,500 per treatment x 5 treatments).

(c) Face tightening: $50,000.

The total of these sums is $262,500.

Scar revision

204 The defendant submits that scar revision is neither necessary nor
effective. 195

##### Foot Note 195

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 318.

It is not necessary because the plaintiff does not complain that the scars
cause him any discomfort. It is not effective because the plaintiff’s scars
will remain quite visible even after the procedure as a result of the
plaintiff’s hair loss.

205 On the issue of necessity, there is in fact evidence that the plaintiff
has complained of discomfort. I refer to Dr Wong’s evidence in cross-
examination: 196

##### Foot Note 196

×

Certified Transcript (17 January 2020) at p 16, lns 7–11.

[Defendant’s counsel]: Would you then agree with me that the scars are
actually---presence of the scars only affect [the plaintiff’]s aesthetics?

[Dr Wong]: I think that is---it’s---it’s also a functional problem because the
---the scars, they are---they are hard, firm and tender. So, you know, he
feels uncomfortable and---and tight around---around all those scars.

[emphasis added]

206 As for effectiveness, I disagree with the defendant’s position for the
reasons set out at [202] above. The scar revision is reasonable because it is
likely to effect a reasonable improvement in (and not necessarily eliminate)
the plaintiff’s scalp scars.

207 I therefore allow the costs of the scar revision at $11,000, which is the
midpoint of Dr Wong’s quoted range. 197

##### Foot Note 197

×

Dr Wong Chin Ho’s AEIC at p 22.

Shoulder procedures

208 There are two components to the plaintiff’s claim for medical treatment
for his shoulder injuries: the cost of the shoulder operation itself and the
costs of the physiotherapy sessions after the shoulder operation.

Shoulder operation

209 The plaintiff’s expert, Dr Ang Kian Chuan (“Dr Ang”) estimates the cost of
the shoulder operation as between $26,857 and $34,347. 198

##### Foot Note 198

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 73.

The plaintiff claims an award at the top end of Dr Ang’s estimate, given
healthcare inflation.

210 I disagree. I have explained at [143] above why the plaintiff’s evidence
is not a sufficient factual basis to conclude that inflation rates for medical
treatment will continue to be high. In any event, Dr Ang’s quotation is
relatively recent, dated November 2019.

211 The defendant submits that the award should be at the bottom end of Dr
Ang’s estimate, but does not explain why. 199

##### Foot Note 199

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 333.

I thus choose the midpoint of Dr Ang’s estimate as the award, ie, $30,602.

Physiotherapy sessions

212 Dr Ang recommends that the plaintiff undergo physiotherapy three times a
week for five years at $80 to $150 per session. 200

##### Foot Note 200

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 75; Dr Ang Kian Chuan’s AEIC at p 17.

However, the plaintiff points out that he has been paying $195 for one-hour
physiotherapy sessions at PhysioActive Pte Ltd (“PhysioActive”). 201

##### Foot Note 201

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 75.

The plaintiff argues that PhysioActive’s actual rates should be used instead
of Dr Ang’s general evidence as to physiotherapy rates for two reasons. 202

##### Foot Note 202

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 75.

First, the plaintiff has been going to PhysioActive for a long period of time
and thus is familiar with his physiotherapist there. Second, his
physiotherapist at PhysioActive has specific training in brain injuries and is
thus better equipped to deal with any complications that arise from the
plaintiff’s residual injuries.

213 I do not accept the plaintiff’s argument. Even assuming that the plaintiff
is more familiar with a particular physiotherapist at PhysioActive, and even
assuming that that therapist has training in brain injuries and is better
equipped to deal with the plaintiff (the latter premise is one which the
defendant denies), 203

##### Foot Note 203

×

Defendant’s Reply Submissions at paras 395–397.

these two premises show only that continuing the plaintiff’s physiotherapy at
PhysioActive is ideal. However, the threshold for recovery is one of
reasonableness. In this regard, given that Dr Ang is the plaintiff’s own
expert, and recommends physiotherapy at the lower rate, Dr Ang must consider
it reasonable for the plaintiff to undergo physiotherapy at those rates. If
the plaintiff disagreed with Dr Ang’s rates, the onus was on him to clarify
with Dr Ang whether a rate higher than this was in fact reasonable in the
circumstances of the plaintiff’s case. Having failed to do so, it does not lie
in the plaintiff’s mouth to now argue that Dr Ang’s rates are too low. 204

##### Foot Note 204

×

Defendant’s Reply Submissions at para 394.

214 No evidence was given by either party in support of the lower end or
higher end of Dr Ang’s range. I therefore take the midpoint of Dr Ang’s range
and find that $115 per session is the reasonable cost of physiotherapy. At
three sessions per week for 52 weeks a year for five years, the cost of
physiotherapy amounts to $89,700 (being $115 x 3 x 52 x 5).

Speech and communication treatments

215 The plaintiff’s claim for speech and communication treatment comprises two
different items: 205

##### Foot Note 205

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 87.

(a) speech therapy for himself, aimed at improving his ability to communicate
generally; and

(b) communication training for himself and his wife (or other communication
partner), aimed at improving his ability to communicate with his wife (or
other communication partner) specifically.

Speech therapy

216 I begin with the first type of treatment. The defendant’s case is that
speech therapy for the plaintiff will not be effective and is therefore not
recoverable. 206

##### Foot Note 206

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at paras 254 and 259–263.

The defendant relies on the evidence of his speech therapist expert witness,
Dr Phua Sin Yong (“Dr Phua”) and the plaintiff’s speech therapist expert
witness, Ms Sajlia Jalil (“Ms Sajlia”). The experts gave evidence that the
plaintiff’s communication issues stem from his brain injuries and are thus
likely to be permanent. They also agree that any recovery of the plaintiff’s
communicative faculties would have occurred within the first two years after
the accident, known as the “golden period”. Past the golden period, any
improvement to the plaintiff’s communication issues at the “impairment level”
through speech therapy will be minimal.

217 It is now necessary to explain the concept of “impairment level”.
“Impairment level” is contrasted with “activity participation level”. 207

##### Foot Note 207

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 80.

To borrow an analogy from plaintiff’s counsel, 208

##### Foot Note 208

×

Certified Transcript (16 January 2020) at p 25, lns 5–7.

imagine a painter losing both his hands who learns to paint using his feet. In
this analogy, the painter’s impairment level is the loss of his hands. That
impairment is absolute and irreversible. However, his participation level for
the activity of painting is unchanged, because he has learned to paint with
his feet instead of with his hands.

218 Applied to the plaintiff, his impairment level refers to the cognitive
injuries which are the root cause of his communication difficulties. His
activity participation level refers to the plaintiff’s practical ability to
communicate with others. The defendant’s argument thus proceeds on the
assumption that the activity participation level is related to the impairment
level, ie, that if the plaintiff’s impairment level remains severe even after
speech therapy, his activity participation level will consequently and
necessarily remain low.

219 The plaintiff disagrees with the defendant’s position. He asserts that he
did undergo some speech training during the golden period. 209

##### Foot Note 209

×

Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions at para 145.

He also argues that speech therapy after the golden period will still be
effective at providing the plaintiff with a workaround 210

##### Foot Note 210

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 82.

to his communication issues, ie, that speech therapy can improve his activity
participation level despite his severe and irreversible cognitive impairment.
He points to evidence showing that Dr Phua and his neuropsychologist, Dr Simon
Collinson (“Dr Collinson”), are both of the view that long-term future speech
therapy will be beneficial to the plaintiff. 211

##### Foot Note 211

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at paras 83 and 84.

He further argues that even if speech therapy is ineffective at treating his
communication issues, it will nevertheless be effective at alleviating his
social anxiety, which is occasioned by his communication difficulties.

220 I accept the defendant’s position. The plaintiff’s first argument that he
did undergo speech training during the golden period is irrelevant, because
the effectiveness of the future speech therapy is not predicated on whether he
did undergo speech therapy during the golden period.

221 The plaintiff’s second argument that future speech therapy will provide a
workaround to his communication issues is also unconvincing. He relied on Dr
Phua’s following testimony in cross-examination: 212

##### Foot Note 212

×

Certified Transcript (16 January 2020) at p 25, ln 30 to p 28, ln 16.

[Plaintiff’s counsel]: … would I be correct then that one of the objectives of
training and therapy is to provide the patient with a workaround of the
impairment or deficit in terms of fulfilling the activities that the patient
ought or wants to do?

[Dr Phua]: One of the goals of therapy is to help to reduce the functional
difficulties, yes.

…

[Dr Phua]: The concept of communication is two-ways. So, in the case of [the
plaintiff], if he’s unable to get his point across, it is generally sometimes
it may be difficult for the caregiver, no matter how trained, to understand.
It is also possible that the caregiver when the caregiver responds to or
communicates with the patient, he may not understand.

…

[Plaintiff’s counsel]: And if you look at somebody with neurocognitive injury
like [the plaintiff] and if we assume that there are certain side effects in
his behaviour, do you agree that the ability to communicate effectively with
his caregiver would improve if it can be done, would improve his quality of
life?

[Dr Phua]: I would agree with that.

222 The plaintiff’s argument here seem to be as follows: it is necessary for
treatment to be focused on him and not just the people with whom he
communicates, since the people around him, no matter how trained, will not be
able to understand him if he himself cannot get his point across. Speech
therapy is one such plaintiff-centric treatment. Speech therapy is also
effective, because the goal of speech therapy, in Dr Phua’s own words, is to
“reduce the functional difficulties [with impaired speech]”. 213

##### Foot Note 213

×

Certified Transcript (16 January 2020) at p 26, lns 3–4.

In other words, speech therapy will give the plaintiff a workaround and allow
him to restore his participation level in relation to the activity of
communication even though his impairment level in relation remains severe and
irreversible. The plaintiff never quite elaborated on how this workaround
would work, but I assume him to mean that he can be taught to communicate non-
verbally as opposed to verbally.

223 I can accept that treatment which focuses on improving the plaintiff’s
ability to communicate with others must necessarily be plaintiff-centric.
However, it does not follow that such plaintiff-centric treatment must
necessarily be speech therapy. As the defendant points out, communication
training is also plaintiff-centric, since it involves the plaintiff and his
communication partner. 214

##### Foot Note 214

×

Defendant’s Reply Submissions at paras 287–288.

224 Further, it also does not follow that speech therapy will be effective. In
the excerpts relied on by the plaintiffs, the last two questions and answers
took place in the context of a discussion on communication training, and not
speech therapy. 215

##### Foot Note 215

×

Certified Transcript (16 January 2020) at p 27, ln 23 to p 28, ln 16.

I therefore do not give much weight to the last two questions and answers. As
to the first question and answer, that exchange on its own may be interpreted
as support for the plaintiff’s idea that speech therapy may provide a
workaround. However, the plaintiff has left out this critical piece of
evidence from Dr Phua: 216

##### Foot Note 216

×

Certified Transcript (16 January 2020) at p 27, lns 3–18.

[Plaintiff’s counsel]: … For the person who’s making the---communicating---the
person who’s got the problem like Mr Pollmann, you can either make him talk
better or you can teach him to work around the impairment, right? Dr Phua?

[Dr Phua]: For the use of the limbs without the brain injury. it might be a
lot easier than to train a person with brain injury to overcome a---a huge
deficit.

…

[Plaintiff’s counsel]: It will be difficult but that’s one aspect you can work
on, right?

[Dr Phua]: It is not---it is not that you can’t work on it. There might be a
lot of resources needed to get there.

[Plaintiff’s counsel]: That’s right, so you can.

[Dr Phua]: Then I don’t know how much can be gained from doing it even if
something were done.

[emphasis added]

225 Dr Phua was thus of the clear view that even if the plaintiff can be
taught a workaround, ie, to learn to communicate non-verbally, such an effort
would be a herculean one that may not ultimately bear fruit. Dr Phua’s
position is consistent with the defendant’s premise, that the plaintiff’s
impairment level is connected to his activity participation level: if the
first is poor, generally so will the second, and to improve the second without
a corresponding improvement of the first would require a herculean effort.

226 In the circumstances, while I am not prepared to accept the defendant’s
blanket assertion that speech therapy will be ineffective, I do find that
speech therapy is likely to be ineffective, or would likely involve an
unreasonable level of effort and resources in order to be effective. This
means that the plaintiff’s second argument does not take him very far.

227 I also find the plaintiff’s third argument unconvincing: that both Dr Phua
and Dr Collinson recommended that he undergo future speech therapy. First, he
claims that Dr Phua recommended intensive speech therapy – three times a week
– in a telephone call to the plaintiff’s wife in the broader context of the
plaintiff’s general future treatment. 217

##### Foot Note 217

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 83.

However, my impression is that the plaintiff’s interpretation of Dr Phua’s
testimony may have been too critical. I set out the exchange for ease of
reference: 218

##### Foot Note 218

×

Certified Transcript (16 January 2020) at p 28, ln 28 to p 31, ln 17.

[Plaintiff’s counsel]: … when you did the evaluation on Mr Pollmann, you also
had a fairly long conversation with his wife. Am I right?

[Dr Phua]: That’s correct.

[Plaintiff’s counsel]: And she discussed with you possible treatment options,
am I right?

[Dr Phua]: Not during that time.

[Plaintiff’s counsel]: And subsequently, did she deal with you---discuss with
you possible treatment options?

…

[Dr Phua]: She rang to ask about frequency and intensity. She did not ask
about options in terms of what needs to be done, if that’s what you’re after.

…

[Plaintiff’s counsel]: And did you give her an answer?

[Dr Phua]: Yes, I did.

[Plaintiff’s counsel]: And what was the answer?

[Dr Phua]: And I did advise her that for a typical person who’s coming for
treatment, our general approach is to start off with intensive work. So that
would be at least three times a week.

[Plaintiff’s counsel]: And the context of that conversation was in the context
of her husband, am I right?

[Dr Phua]: It was for a generic patient who needed treatment.

…

[Plaintiff’s counsel]: … the only context in which you communicated with Mrs
Pollmann was in relation to your evaluation of her husband. Am I right?

[Dr Phua]: It---it would be good to assume that it was related to him.

[Plaintiff’s counsel]: But Dr Phua, the---you never knew them before Mr
Pollmann was referred to you for evaluation---

[Dr Phua]: That’s correct.

[Plaintiff’s counsel]: … The only occasion you met Mr Pollmann was on the two
days you evaluated him, right? … [He is] not your patient, otherwise.

[Dr Phua]: That’s correct.

[emphasis added]

228 The plaintiff’s argument here is that Dr Phua was recommending speech
therapy, and Dr Phua must have known that she was talking to the plaintiff’s
wife about the plaintiff. Therefore, this recommendation of speech therapy
must have been directed at the plaintiff. This argument in my view ignores
both that Dr Phua expressly qualified what she said by saying that she was
recommending treatment for a generic patient, and by the fact that the
plaintiff was not Dr Phua’s patient at the time of the telephone call. The
more probable interpretation of this testimony to me is that Dr Phua, not
having been apprised of the plaintiff’s conditions in detail, had to make do
with dispensing generic advice that was not tailored to his needs. This cannot
be interpreted as Dr Phua endorsing speech therapy for the plaintiff.

229 Second, the plaintiff argues that Dr Collinson also recommended that the
plaintiff undergo speech therapy. The plaintiff relies on Dr Collinson’s
following observation: 219

##### Foot Note 219

×

Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions at para 146.

Instead, seeing Mr Pollmann on at least several occasions and, in the case of
cognitive and behavioural symptoms, applying appropriate serial testing of
cognition with standardised neuropsychological and speech pathology tests is
the most accurate way to chart recovery following traumatic brain injury.

230 I do not interpret these observations the same way the plaintiff does. All
Dr Collinson is saying is that speech pathology tests are an accurate way to
chart the plaintiff’s recovery. I do not think that speech pathology tests are
the same thing as speech therapy. Further, “chart[ing] [the plaintiff’s]
recovery” in my view simply means measuring the progress and extent of his
recovery.

231 I end with the plaintiff’s final argument that speech therapy may help his
social anxiety. The plaintiff’s social anxiety comes from his communication
difficulties. If speech therapy proves ineffective at alleviating these
difficulties (which is likely to be the case), the plaintiff’s communication
issues will remain and so will his social anxiety. If speech therapy proves
effective, the plaintiff’s social anxiety may improve. But this would involve
an unreasonable level of effort and resources.

232 In summary, I find that the plaintiff is not entitled to recover the costs
of speech therapy treatment.

Communication training

233 In relation to communication training, the defendant (rightly) does not
argue that it is not effective. Ms Sajlia gave evidence, which was not
seriously contested, that communication training can enhance the plaintiff’s
activity participation level despite his impairment level remaining severe and
irreversible. This is because the plaintiff’s communication partner will be
taught to understand him better. This in turn will alleviate the plaintiff’s
difficulties in making himself understood.

234 However, the defendant argues instead that communication training is not
necessary, at least as between the plaintiff and his wife. The defendant’s
case is essentially that the plaintiff’s wife is already adequately equipped
to understand him and take care of his needs, having done so for the six years
since the accident. 220

##### Foot Note 220

×

Defendant’s Reply Submissions at para 305.

235 I do not accept the defendant’s argument. The defendant refers to the
wife’s evidence that “she knew and understood [the plaintiff] the best and to
the extent that she was the only conduit through which [the plaintiff] could
live with and communicate with their domestic helper”. 221

##### Foot Note 221

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 271.

When this testimony is read in context, 222

##### Foot Note 222

×

Certified Transcript (15 January 2020) at p 61, lns 12–22.

I am satisfied that the wife was merely trying to make the relative point that
she can understand the plaintiff better than others. This does not mean that
she can understand the plaintiff well or that her ability to understand the
plaintiff cannot be improved. In the same vein, that she has been caring for
the plaintiff for the past six years does not mean that her caregiving has
been without difficulties, and in particular, communication difficulties. In
fact, there was no evidence to that effect. I accept that there is room for
improving the plaintiff’s wife’s ability to understand the plaintiff and that
further communication training is therefore reasonable.

236 In addition, I accept that communication training for the plaintiff and
his caregiver will also be necessary, given that the caregiver will be looking
after the plaintiff’s needs daily. The defendant does not dispute that
communication therapy for the plaintiff and his caregiver will be necessary,
should the caregiver be someone other than the plaintiff’s wife. 223

##### Foot Note 223

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at paras 269–271.

237 Ms Sajlia gave evidence in cross-examination that communication training
is effective only for about six months at a time. 224

##### Foot Note 224

×

Certified Transcript (16 January 2020) at p 53, lns 10–16.

The plaintiff relies on this to argue that he is entitled to recover the cost
of recurring communication training, since there is evidence that
communication training will not be effective for life. The defendant points
out that Ms Sajlia’s evidence is based on a study which was stopped after half
a year. 225

##### Foot Note 225

×

Defendant’s Reply Submissions at para 306.

There is thus no empirical evidence on how long the effects of communication
training can last past the six-month period, meaning that communication
training may very well prove effective for the plaintiff’s life. In the
absence of empirical evidence, I am constrained to resolving this issue in
favour of the defendant, as the burden of proof lies on the plaintiff.

238 The cost of communication training for one partner is $1,800. 226

##### Foot Note 226

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 87(b).

Since I have found that communication training is justified for the
plaintiff’s wife and his caregiver, the total cost amounts to $3,600.

Transport expenses

239 This head of claim is for the cost of the plaintiff’s transport for one-
off medical treatments. The cost of the plaintiff’s transport for recurring
medical treatment has been dealt with at [185] above.

240 Based on my holdings in relation to the one-off treatments that the
plaintiff is entitled to, the number of trips that the plaintiff will have to
take is as follows: 227

##### Foot Note 227

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 53.

S/N| Treatment| Number of trips  
---|---|---  
1| Plastic surgery procedures (Upper eyelid surgery – 1 trip; Facial
tightening procedures – 6 trips;Scar revision – 1 trip)| 8  
2| Vagus nerve simulator implantation| 1  
3| Surgery to correct complications caused by craniectomy| 1  
4| Shoulder operation| 1  
5| Physiotherapy post-shoulder operation| 156  
6| Communication training (10 trips, but allowance given for training with two
different partners)| 20  
7| Neuropsychological consultations(weekly consultations for two years at 52
weeks a year)| 104  
| Total| 291  
  
241 I have determined that the reasonable cost per trip is $20 (see above).
The total award for transport expenses for one-off medical treatment is thus
$20 x 291 = $5,820.

The final value

242 The total of the plaintiff’s claims for one-off future medical expenses is
thus as follows:

S/N| Claim| Quantum  
---|---|---  
Agreed items 228

##### Foot Note 228

× Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 500.  
1| Psychiatric treatment (between 2020 and 2025)| 64,200  
2| Hospital fees for seizures| 128,000  
3| Neuropsychological consultations| 30,000  
4| Neurology-related expenses| 50,000  
Disputed items  
5| Upper eyelid surgery| 19,000  
6| Facial reconstruction procedures| 262,500  
7| Scar revision| 11,000  
8| Shoulder operation| 30,602  
9| Physiotherapy sessions| 89,700  
10| Communication training| 3,600  
11| Transport expenses| 5,820  
Total| 694,422  
  
Pre-trial loss of earnings

The plaintiff’s loss of earnings

243 The plaintiff’s pre-trial loss of earnings is calculated for the period
from 2015 to 2019, both years inclusive. The calculation will begin with an
assessment of the sum which the plaintiff would have earned during this period
but for the accident, from which his actual earnings during this period will
be deducted to arrive at his net loss of earnings during this period.

244 At the date of the accident in 2014, the plaintiff’s base salary was
$30,000 per month, or $360,000 per year. 229

##### Foot Note 229

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 153(a).

As I have held earlier in calculating the plaintiff’s loss of future earnings,
the plaintiff would have been promoted from ED to MDSA only in 2020 (see [107]
above). Therefore, for the period from 2015 to 2019, the plaintiff’s base
salary would not have increased by reason of a promotion. However, he would
still have been awarded the usual annual increments, assumed to be a constant
2.5% per annum. The average of the plaintiff’s base salary for the period
between 2015 and 2019 inclusive would thus be his base salary for the year
2017, which would be ![Math Equation](data:image/Png;base64,
iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAANUAAAATCAYAAAAH8UgqAAAAAXNSR0IArs4c6QAAAARnQU1BAACxjwv8YQUAAAAJcEhZcwAADsMAAA7DAcdvqGQAAASPSURBVHhe7ZYLceMwFEVDJixKIhhCoRTKoAyKIAhKIARKoAQKwLvH07tz81af51rtZHd0ZjS2paf3l5LDMplMhjIP1WQymHmoJpPB3Byqj4+P5e3t7fNr8i9CDRmC9+fn5+V0Oi3n83l5fX39XPkeZg+FQ3W5XJaHh4dqUt7f35fr9ZpKWiu50sMzQ0Z+lMxeiDurf4vPpVxiizUfT09P61McDofl5eVlnXt8fFy/v5MRPcRaTUZrpZGh1ZctuyJTszXDKDkej+sg6XpKOUq46UgWT9Z4x8EIxrgRkUE2QtG1xpNCt8jIj5LZC3kid5kC9/wp5Zyng4zmfXhTuC8cru+IG0b0kOuQDO8eD/Na11AOWrT6MmMXsj20HioU8BdBgRMocyoIyriBBH8hUOpzgBPMU7wSyLMuZ9UUUY/IyI+S2QP5IkdKtvJWI+NPzDk5jTLa18OboXXD7mFEDyGPnEAHujgMwteBeNDTyjl5RqbWlxm7+ImOTA+tFdGiEgI4i/ISSogXSMHVHAeclH5BQO68k5EfJbMH8qGikoNWgeGr/qCbxhUqbA8aAVn0I1+rq+RaQ00VQe/eHpIOh2Zv5YV1clcj05cZu1tqtlYEBSgubRQkh0Qgy89eTK4Hp+LEhGLDmwKwx9+AEhn5UTIO/hML+1R05ciboAQyxN5iqz+ATvZ53jVHnnkvNbwXXQ1Wi4EY8aM1kCmh/OzpIXKCDh1OnuSkFBegT/I1sNXry4xd1rM1+3PN6e8Fg4CjYQygRM0WDTCPAYbL4aSoOcZ8iYz8KBmHQhA/MbCPfLQK56DTYy6x1R98Ia9xD4dDTaz9PL12fBOH1muHYgR7ewiIx/1FJuoRrCHbgvVeX0LPbslfyUZuZjAk5ThRC0bJ80bjm70O3+gRNcdqicnIj5IpoVsue6AAW189VDV/yCNN2oOmRXf8q8Phw6fer6xu8tbw27sEMl/toRgne9FTip21UqwRZHp9mbG7pWZ/HSo2yuFWM0UjJaN8My9KCcIxRomM/CiZEvrfvwXkyWOLLf4g53XoHYxMXDW4RLS/Nnq/dHt7KOYu9pDQocROi2gDos6M3S01O3DzSFgJARQqIcy780qY3xKc/Hgj6KYX2PFviHqwpcbJyI+SiRAj8SDXu50d5GOB0LU1LkDOm9jrA/gVmwo97PtJRvWQywv0Mh8hf54Lx3Od6cuMXb5bNfMaH3hhEUMIsFnNpCTwzhyyjLgOutUJFBmc5NudJfnMYUN6cNT1SAdk5EfJOMxzA7GPopAbxdQCGez4QQDNb4mLfGKbdQ3kvJHwkTlktY7e3q/ZaLCtuPf0EPuZI8/IEKu+HfVWLU7WlKdMX2bs9mrGnOysR5EJFFNEBHl3h3knWfq5Y92TIWQMGRmPuExJTwymJw+jZAC/yQFJBOJWMmsgi944FIfWt8SltThcBw3DXq3x/tMHShAP9vf2EPEp9loPsVeHpkSrh2o6M3ZdT/Tfa3zzu8qCO/PTYJ+i1Bp+cv/MHvp9qD+fdwE32TxQkz3cQw/d1aGaTP4H5qGaTIayLL8AhCiOgrDFkYgAAAAASUVORK5CYII=)

245 In addition to his base salary, the plaintiff would also have earned
bonuses for these three years. I have found that the plaintiff would have
earned average yearly bonuses of 35% of his base salary from 2020 onwards (see
[121] above). I am inclined to adopt a slightly different average yearly bonus
rate for the period from 2015 to 2019 inclusive, as evidence exists, and has
been tendered, about the state of the economy in general and the private
banking industry specifically for this period. Having considered the evidence,
I am minded to adjust the average yearly bonus figure downwards to 25%. The
plaintiff’s average net income for the period between 2015 and 2019 inclusive
would therefore be ![Math Equation](data:image/Png;base64,
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)
From this figure, I add the agreed pension contribution of $24,458 (see [123]
above), to reach a final value of $509,058 for each of these years.

246 From this figure for his gross annual salary, the income tax payable would
have been [0.22 x ($509,058- $15,000 - $320,000) + $44,550] = $82,842.76. His
income post-tax would thus have been $426,215.24. For the period between 2015
and 2019 inclusive, which is five years, the amount that the plaintiff could
have earned had the accident not happened would be $426,215.24 x 5 =
$2,131,076.

247 I must deduct from this figure the amount of money which the plaintiff
actually earned from 2015 to 2019. The plaintiff’s notices of assessment for
the years 2015 and 2016 show that his gross income for these two years was
$361,171 and $364,338 respectively. 230

##### Foot Note 230

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 172.

The defendant points out that the plaintiff’s notice of assessment for the
year 2015 took into account a $50,000 bonus awarded for the year 2014, 231

##### Foot Note 231

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 416.

which ought to be excluded from his income during this period. I accept the
defendant’s claim, since a lower value of the plaintiff’s actual earned income
is to the plaintiff’s benefit. The plaintiff’s real pre-tax income would be
$311,371 for 2015 and $364,338 for 2016. The plaintiff’s tax liability,
bearing in mind a $15,000 deduction for allowable tax relief, 232

##### Foot Note 232

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC (11 November 2019) at 100–101.

would have been $38,096.78 for 2015 and $50,504.36 for 2016. The plaintiff’s
net income for 2015 and 2016 would therefore be $273,274.22 and $313,833.64
respectively, or $587,108 in total. The plaintiff did not earn any income from
2017 to 2019. 233

##### Foot Note 233

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 416.

248 The plaintiff’s pre-trial loss of earnings thus amounts to $2,131,076 -
$587,108 = $1,543,968.

The plaintiff’s wife’s loss of earnings

249 The plaintiff also claims damages in respect of his wife’s loss of income.
234

##### Foot Note 234

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 115.

According to the plaintiff, his accident forced his wife to give up her career
in order to care for him. 235

##### Foot Note 235

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 121.

Therefore, he submits, the income which his wife would otherwise have earned
ought to be recoverable from the defendant.

250 The defendant disagrees with the plaintiff’s characterisation of this
claim as a claim for the wife’s loss of income. 236

##### Foot Note 236

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 403.

According to the defendant, any loss of income which the plaintiff’s wife
suffered is not the plaintiff’s loss but loss suffered by a third party. 237

##### Foot Note 237

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 374.

As a result, that loss is not recoverable in this action per se. At most, it
can be recovered by proxy as the reasonable cost of the plaintiff’s pre-trial
care. Given that this claim is properly one for the costs of care, the
defendant submits that any award ought to be capped at the reasonable cost of
caring for the plaintiff, ie, the cost of hiring a live-in caregiver.

251 The defendant also points out that plaintiff had a live-in foreign
domestic worker before the accident, and that between 2015 and 2019, there
were times when the plaintiff and his wife employed a second foreign domestic
worker. 238

##### Foot Note 238

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 380.

During these times, the defendant submits, there was one foreign domestic
worker to do the general housework and another foreign domestic worker to be
the plaintiff’s caregiver. The defendant relies on this to argue that,
whenever the plaintiff was being cared for by both his wife and a foreign
domestic worker, the cost of care which is recoverable is the cost of only one
of them, not both, given that the plaintiff does not argue that he needed the
care of both his wife and the second foreign domestic worker. 239

##### Foot Note 239

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 381.

252 The parties’ positions can be presented in tabular form as follows. By way
of background, the wife’s lost income decreased in July 2018 because she took
on a job, albeit at a reduced salary. The plaintiff’s claim is thus premised
on the difference between what his wife actually earned during this period and
$9,600 per month, which is what she could have earned if she did not have to
be the plaintiff’s caregiver: 240

##### Foot Note 240

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 118, footnotes 96–100; Defendant’s
Closing Submissions at para 383.

Date| Additional caregiver| Plaintiff’s claim for wife’s loss of income|
Defendant’s position for wife’s loss of income  
---|---|---|---  
Jan 15 – Mar 16| Yes(claim: $13,161)| $9,600 per month (“pm”)| Cost of hiring
additional caregiver  
Apr 16 – Feb 17| No| $9,600 pm| Cost of hiring a live-in caregiver  
Mar 17 – Aug 17| Yes(claim: $14,203)| $9,600 pm| Costs of hiring additional
caregiver  
Sep 17 – Jun 18| $4,100 pm  
Jul 18 – Dec 18| Yes (claim: $7,976)| $4,100 pm| Costs of hiring additional
caregiver  
Jan 19 – Feb 19| No| $4,100 pm| Cost of hiring a live-in caregiver  
Mar 19 – Nov 19| $3,100 pm  
  
253 I begin by addressing the true nature of the plaintiff’s claim for his
wife’s loss of income. I agree with the defendant that the wife’s loss of
income is not recoverable as such in an action by the plaintiff. Given that
there is no rule in Singapore barring recovery in negligence for pure economic
loss, it is conceivable that the plaintiff’s wife may in principle have a
cause of action against the defendant in tort on the basis that the defendant
owed her a duty of care not to injure her husband, on the application of the
universal test set out in Spandeck Engineering (S) Pte Ltd v Defence Science &
Technology Agency [2007] 4 SLR(R) 100. However, the plaintiff’s wife is not a
party to this action and asserts no such claim.

254 The only legal route for the plaintiff to recover his wife’s loss is
therefore to recharacterise her loss as his loss. This much is clear on the
paragraph cited by the plaintiff himself from Donnelly v Joyce [1974] QB 454
(“Donnelly”) at 461H–462A, per Megaw LJ: 241

##### Foot Note 241

×

Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions at para 197.

We do not agree with the proposition … that the plaintiff’s claim … is
properly to be regarded as being … ‘in relation to someone else’s loss,’
merely because someone else has provided to, or for the benefit of, the
plaintiff – the injured person – the money, or the services to be valued as
money, to provide for needs of the plaintiff directly caused by the
defendant’s wrongdoing. The loss is the plaintiff’s loss. … The plaintiff’s
loss, to take this present case, is not the expenditure of money … to pay for
the nursing attention. His loss is the existence of the need for … those
nursing services, the value of which for purposes of damages – for the purpose
of the ascertainment of the amount of his loss – is the proper and reasonable
cost of supplying those needs. That, in our judgment, is the key to the
problem. So far as the defendant is concerned, the loss is not someone else’s
loss. It is the plaintiff’s loss.

[emphasis added]

255 The loss which the defendant’s tort inflicted upon the plaintiff is the
need for care. The measure of damages for this loss is the proper and
reasonable costs of meeting the plaintiff’s need for care. Contrary to the
plaintiff’s assertion, 242

##### Foot Note 242

×

Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions at para 197.

it makes no difference whether the wife suffered a loss of past or future
income. In fact, the lost income claimed in Donnelly was the income which the
tort victim’s mother had given up the opportunity of earning in the past in
order to take care of the victim. Therefore, the income which the plaintiff’s
wife gave up the opportunity to earn in order to look after the plaintiff
ought to be only a starting point in assessing the monetary value of
plaintiff’s loss. If it was reasonable to secure care for the plaintiff at a
cost below the income which his wife lost, the defendant is not liable for the
cost of providing care measured by the plaintiff’s wife’s lost income.

256 In this case, I have no hesitation in finding that this starting point
ought to be departed from. As I have held earlier at [177], the reasonable
cost of care for the plaintiff is $1,000 per month. That is true just as much
for the plaintiff’s pre-trial care as it is for his future care. I therefore
find that $1,000 per month is the ceiling for the plaintiff’s claim for his
wife’s lost income.

257 There remains another issue. The defendant argues, in effect, that the
plaintiff cannot recover damages for the care given by his wife for those
periods when the plaintiff employed a second live-in foreign domestic worker.
The plaintiff responds that the additional foreign domestic worker was hired
to help his wife and their first foreign domestic worker look after the
children, not the plaintiff. And therefore, the plaintiff’s wife remained the
plaintiff’s full-time caregiver throughout the years since the accident, even
when they employed a second foreign domestic worker. 243

##### Foot Note 243

×

Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions at para 200.

258 There is no objective evidence to support the plaintiff’s response on this
point. Nevertheless, it is true that the plaintiff’s two children were just
one and three years old at the time of the accident. I accept that the
combined pressure on the household of dealing with the plaintiff’s injuries
and with young children made it necessary to employ a second foreign domestic
worker just to look after the children. I therefore allow the plaintiff to
recover the reasonable costs of care even during the months in which the
plaintiff employed a second foreign domestic worker.

259 The reasonable cost of care which the plaintiff can recover for the care
which his wife gave him is $1,000 per month x 59 months (for the entire period
between January 2015 and November 2019 inclusive) = $59,000.

Pre-trial special damages

Medical expenses incurred in Singapore

260 The medical expenses that the plaintiff has incurred as at November 2019
are $414,246.56. 244

##### Foot Note 244

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC at p 508.

He accepts that, out of this sum, $1,507.60 was incurred for dental expenses
and are therefore unrelated to the accident. 245

##### Foot Note 245

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 92.

However, he also claims that from November 2019 to the date of the closing
submissions in the assessment phase, he incurred further medical expenses. He
therefore claims a total of $431,946.13 as pre-trial medical expenses. 246

##### Foot Note 246

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 88.

261 It suffices to say that medical expenses must be proven, and in the
absence of any objective evidence, the plaintiff’s claim for additional
medical expenses incurred from November 2019 to date fails. I also deduct the
$1,507.60 which the plaintiff accepted was an expense incidental to the
accident to arrive at a final figure of $412,738.96 for pre-trial medical
expenses.

Past transport expenses

262 The plaintiff claimed past transportation expenses amounting to $13,590.
247

##### Foot Note 247

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 97.

However, he was able to furnish receipts for these expenses amounting to only
$634.16. 248

##### Foot Note 248

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 96.

The defendant thus submits the plaintiff should recover no more than $634.16.
249

##### Foot Note 249

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 490.

263 The absence of receipts does not, of course, preclude the court from
awarding damages for the plaintiff’s pre-trial transport expenses. I can do so
on the basis of a reasonable estimate. But I bear in mind that any such
estimate should be a conservative one, to avoid putting plaintiffs who fail to
produce receipts in a better position than plaintiffs who conscientiously
retain receipts (Tan Hun Boon at [146]). The plaintiff submits that during the
pre-trial period, he made a total of 459 trips. 250

##### Foot Note 250

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 96 and Annex B.

This figure covers a period of six years and the plaintiff was able to furnish
particulars of the trips. I accept this figure. At $20 per trip (see [182]
above), the claim for past transport expenses amounts to $9,180.

Costs of travel to Zurich for treatment

264 The plaintiff was resident at a neurological rehabilitation clinic in
Zurich, Switzerland between April and June 2015. 251

##### Foot Note 251

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 98.

He travelled there to undergo treatment on the recommendation of his
neurosurgeon in Singapore, Dr Ivan Ng (“Dr Ng”). 252

##### Foot Note 252

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 98.

The plaintiff thus claims the cost of travel to and from Switzerland, for the
entire family, the family’s foreign domestic worker and the plaintiff’s
parents.

265 The total sum claimed under this head is $48,806.12, covering the
following trips: 253

##### Foot Note 253

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC at p 1098.

(a) Business class flights for the entire family and the family’s foreign
domestic worker from Singapore to Budapest (transiting in Frankfurt) in March
2015. The plaintiff’s wife’s parents live in Budapest.

(b) Economy class flights for the plaintiff from Budapest to Zurich
(transiting in Berlin) in April 2015.

(c) Economy class flights for the plaintiff’s wife from Budapest to Zurich and
back to Budapest in April 2015.

(d) Business class flights for the plaintiff from Zurich to Singapore
(transiting in Helsinki, Stockholm and Doha) in June 2015.

(e) Business class flights for the plaintiff’s wife and children and the
family’s foreign domestic worker from Budapest to Singapore (transiting in
Frankfurt) in June 2015.

Plaintiff’s travel costs

266 I begin with the plaintiff’s travel costs. There are three relevant
flights: Singapore to Budapest, Budapest to Zurich and Zurich to Singapore.

267 For his journey from Singapore to Zurich, the plaintiff first flew to
Budapest and stayed there for two weeks before going on to Zurich. The
defendant submits that it was not reasonable for the plaintiff to take this
indirect route to Zurich. 254

##### Foot Note 254

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 423–425.

The plaintiff’s reply is that he was unsure of how long he would have to spend
in Zurich, and therefore it was better to stop in Budapest, where his wife’s
parents live, so that the children could remain there while the plaintiff
proceeded to Zurich for treatment. 255

##### Foot Note 255

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 102.

Moreover, in cross-examination, the plaintiff added a further explanation:
that flying from Singapore to Zurich via Budapest was in fact cheaper than
flying from Singapore to Zurich directly. 256

##### Foot Note 256

×

Certified Transcript (14 January 2020) at p 118, lns 1–4.

268 I do not accept the plaintiff’s evidence. The plaintiff’s explanation –
that he wanted his wife’s parents to look after the children while he was
undergoing treatment – does not explain why the plaintiff had to travel to
Budapest let alone why he had to remain there for two weeks. It would have
sufficed for his wife and children to have travelled to Budapest without him.
Even assuming that he wanted to spend some time with his children before
commencing treatment, there was no reason for his stay in Budapest to have
been two weeks long. It appears to me that the plaintiff found it convenient
to stop in Budapest to spend time with his wife’s parents before travelling to
Zurich for treatment. That means that his two-week stop in Budapest was for
reasons unrelated to his treatment and therefore unrelated to the injuries he
suffered in the accident. The plaintiff is entitled to recover only the cost
of flying direct from Singapore to Zurich.

269 The plaintiff submits in response that it was in fact cheaper for him to
fly from Singapore to Zurich through Budapest than for him to fly direct from
Singapore to Zurich. I do not accept this submission. The plaintiff did not
keep the receipt for his Singapore to Budapest flight. Instead, he submitted a
screenshot from Lufthansa’s website in July 2015 showing that a one-way
flexible first class flight from Singapore to Budapest was $10,231. 257

##### Foot Note 257

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 104(a).

He also tenders, in a supplementary bundle of documents, screenshots from
Lufthansa’s website in July 2020 showing that a one-way flexible first class
flight from Singapore to Budapest and from Singapore to Zurich were $10,677
and $10,710 respectively. 258

##### Foot Note 258

×

Plaintiff’s Further Supplementary Bundle of Documents (“PB3”) at pp 7–10.

In response, the defendant relies on a document dated January 2020 showing
that the price of a non-refundable, non-changeable return business class
ticket from Singapore to Budapest is about $5,700. 259

##### Foot Note 259

×

Exhibit D-3; Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 427.

270 The defendant argues that since the plaintiff tendered no evidence of the
actual cost of the Singapore to Budapest flight, the claim is not recoverable.
I do not agree. It is not disputed that the plaintiff did take this flight.
And the defendant does not suggest that the treatment in Zurich was unrelated
to the plaintiff’s accident and injuries. Further, both parties have given an
estimate of what a direct flight from Singapore to Zurich would reasonably
have cost. Therefore, even in the absence of evidence of the actual cost, the
parties’ estimates suffice to make a finding of fact.

271 I further note that the plaintiff claims to have flown business class, 260

##### Foot Note 260

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC at p 1098.

but has produced evidence of the cost of first-class tickets. First class
tickets are ordinarily significantly more expensive than business class
tickets. I therefore do not find the plaintiff’s evidence to be of much weight
(leaving aside whether the documents in the supplementary bundle of documents
were properly in evidence before me). The plaintiff also criticises the
defendant’s evidence for not being sufficiently contemporaneous, and for
failing to consider that he needed to buy a flexible ticket, instead of non-
refundable and non-changeable, because he did not know how long his treatment
in Zurich would take. These are both fair criticisms, but they do not detract
from the fact that the plaintiff bears the burden of proof. A flexible
business class ticket from Singapore to Zurich would undoubtedly have cost
more than the defendant’s estimate of $5,700. But equally undoubtedly, it
would have cost less than the plaintiff’s estimate of $10,200. Since the
plaintiff bears the burden of proof, I adopt the defendant’s quotation of
$5,700.

272 As for the plaintiff’s Zurich to Singapore flight, the defendant accepted
that the cost of this flight was $3,516,26. 261

##### Foot Note 261

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions para 440.

I thus allow the plaintiff a total of $9,216.26 in respect of his travel costs
for this trip to Zurich and back.

Travel costs of plaintiff’s wife

273 The plaintiff also claims travel costs incurred by his wife. The defendant
cites the Court of Appeal’s decision in Teng Ching Sin and another v Leong
Kwong Sun [1994] 1 SLR(R) 382 (“Teng Ching Sin”). 262

##### Foot Note 262

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions para 442.

According to Teng Ching Sin, travelling expenses incurred by a member of a
plaintiff’s family are not recoverable unless the visits by or the company of
the plaintiff’s family members were important elements in aiding his recovery,
because the test is of “the necessity for the visits and thus the expenditure”
(Teng Ching Sin at [16]). I agree with the defendant’s position on the law,
which was not seriously disputed by the plaintiff.

274 The defendant accepts that it was necessary for the plaintiff’s wife to
accompany him to Switzerland and back. However, the defendant argues that
there is no reason for the plaintiff’s wife to fly business class, nor was
there any reason for the plaintiff’s wife to travel to Zurich via Budapest.
263

##### Foot Note 263

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at paras 447 and 448.

275 I agree with the defendant. First, I agree that there was no necessity for
the plaintiff’s wife to fly business class to Switzerland and back. I would
have been prepared to allow the plaintiff’s wife to claim business class fares
had it been necessary for her to take care of the plaintiff. However, on the
evidence, the plaintiff and his wife travelled together only on one flight,
ie, from Singapore to Budapest. The plaintiff travelled by himself from
Budapest to Zurich and from Zurich to Singapore. I am thus not convinced that
it was necessary for the plaintiff’s wife to accompany him on his flights
(since she actually did not accompany him for most of his travels). It follows
that there was no reason for the wife to fly business class, other than the
fact that she was perhaps accustomed to this standard of travel. But this is
not a good reason to make the defendant liable for the additional cost thereby
incurred (see Mykytowych, Pamela Jane v V I P Hotel [2016] 4 SLR 829 at
[129]).

276 Second, there was no reason connected to the plaintiff’s injuries or
treatment for the plaintiff’s wife to have flown to Zurich via Budapest. It
appears to me evident that the plaintiff’s wife flew to Budapest before flying
to Zurich in order to entrust their children to her parents’ care. 264

##### Foot Note 264

×

Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions at para 218.

This trip thus had little to no nexus with the plaintiff’s treatment in
Zurich. I am sympathetic to the predicament faced by the plaintiff and his
wife in that it would have been difficult for them to leave their children
behind in Singapore and go to Zurich for treatment. However, I am not prepared
to find that it was necessary for the children to go with the plaintiff and
his wife, at least not without the benefit of further evidence about the
arrangements which could have been made for the children’s care in Singapore
or in Zurich. Moreover, I note that the wife actually stayed with the children
in Budapest for the majority of the plaintiff’s treatment in Zurich. It
follows that it was possible for the wife to have returned to Singapore to
take care of the children after traveling with the plaintiff to Zurich.

277 I therefore am of the view that the measure of recoverable damages for the
wife’s travel costs is limited to the price of economy class tickets from
Singapore to Zurich and back. I am willing to give the wife the benefit of the
doubt and allow a claim in respect of two flexible, one-way tickets instead of
one flexible return ticket or two unchangeable one-way tickets. I note that
the evidence tendered by the parties does not shed light on the price of such
a ticket. However, I am not willing to accept the defendant’s position that
the absence of evidence precludes recovery. Taking into account the general
pricing level of economy class tickets to Europe, which I estimate to be
$2,000 per sector, I allow the plaintiff to recover $4,000 in respect of his
wife’s travel costs.

Travel costs of plaintiff’s children and family maid

278 The defendant resists the claim for the children’s and the family’s
foreign domestic worker travel costs, arguing that it was not necessary for
the plaintiff’s children and the family’s foreign domestic worker to have
travelled with the plaintiff.

279 I agree with the defendant. It appears to me evident that the plaintiff’s
children and the family’s foreign domestic worker did not travel for a reason
connected to the plaintiff’s injuries or his treatment. Instead, the children
and the maid travelled to Budapest because the plaintiff and his wife did not
want to leave the children behind in Singapore. As I have explained in [276]
above, while I am sympathetic to the plaintiff’s predicament, I am not
satisfied that this was necessary, in the absence of evidence about the care
that the children would have received had they stayed in Singapore, and in
light of the fact that the wife did not stay with the plaintiff for the
majority of his treatment in Zurich, staying with the children in Budapest
instead.

Travel costs of the plaintiff’s parents

280 The plaintiff’s father visited him twice within three months of the
accident. The first visit was when the plaintiff was still in a coma. The
second visit was when the plaintiff was undergoing rehabilitation at Tan Tock
Seng Hospital. The plaintiff’s mother accompanied the plaintiff’s father on
the first visit.

281 The defendant resists the plaintiff’s claim on the ground that there is no
objective evidence to show that the parents’ presence assisted with the
plaintiff’s recovery. 265

##### Foot Note 265

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at paras 474–475.

The defendant characterises as self-serving the plaintiff’s statement of
subjective belief that he needed to be around his loved ones to recuperate.

282 The arguments raised by the parties in this regard elides a key
consideration, that is, whether these tickets were paid for by the plaintiff.
As stated above (at [253]), the plaintiff can only seek to recover his own
loss in these proceedings. Therefore, the plaintiff must first show that he
was the one who paid for his parents’ trips, before he can even begin to argue
that the trips were necessary. This is because the plaintiff bears the burden
of proof. And since this is an item of special damage, and therefore a
historical and actual loss, he bears the burden of proof on the usual balance
of probabilities. The evidence as tendered by the plaintiff does not show who
paid for his parents’ tickets. 266

##### Foot Note 266

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC (19 November 2019) at pp 1124–1126.

It follows that the plaintiff did not show that the costs of the plane tickets
were his own loss. This head of claim cannot be allowed.

Summary

283 In summary, the total of the plaintiff’s claim for the costs of travel to
Switzerland is $9,216.26 + $4,000 = $13,216.26.

Costs of cancelling flights booked before the accident

284 The plaintiff also claims the costs of the flights which he had booked
before his accident to visit his parents and for personal leisure, which he
had to cancel as a result of his accident. The costs of these flights, which
were all first-class flights, was estimated by the plaintiff to be $53,029.10.
267

##### Foot Note 267

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 111.

The plaintiff had to estimate these costs because he was unable to retrieve
most of the booking documents for the flights, having booked the flights some
months before the accident. His estimate came from a software known as “ITA
Matrix”, which purportedly “allows users to search for flights using
historical data”. 268

##### Foot Note 268

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 112.

285 The defendant resists this head of claim. According to him, this claim is
too remote. Even if it is not too remote, it is not sufficiently proven. The
defendant takes issue with the plaintiff’s lack of documentary evidence, which
goes both to the amount of money spent by the plaintiff on the tickets and
also to whether the plaintiff had made reasonable efforts to mitigate his loss
by cancelling these flights and obtaining a full or partial refund. Further,
the defendant also argues that he should only be liable for the costs of
economy class, and not first-class tickets.

286 I accept that this head of claim is not too remote. The test for
remoteness in the tort of negligence is the same as that in the law of
contract, ie, that of reasonable foreseeability (see McGregor at para 8-086,
Man Mohan Singh s/o Jothirambal Singh and another v Zurich Insurance
(Singapore) Pte Ltd (now known as QBE Insurance (Singapore) Pte Ltd) and
another and another appeal [2008] 3 SLR(R) 735 at [45]). It is difficult to
see why the plaintiff’s loss arising from having to cancel booked flights is
not reasonably foreseeable. It is no defence for the defendant to say that he
did not know that the plaintiff was someone who had booked multiple flights on
business and first class that he would have to cancel. 269

##### Foot Note 269

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 479.

I find it sufficient to refer to Scrutton LJ’s well-known dictum in The Arpad
[1934] P 189 at 202–203, approved by the Privy Council in Overseas Tankship
(UK) Ltd v Morts Dock and Engineering Co Ltd, The Wagon Mound [1961] AC 388:

You negligently run down a shabby-looking man in the street, and the turns out
to be a millionaire engaged in a very profitable business which the accident
disables him from carrying on; or you negligently and ignorantly injure the
favourite for the Derby whereby he cannot run. You have to pay damages
resulting from the circumstances of which you have no notice. You have to pay
the actual loss to the man … at the time of the tort.

[emphasis added]

287 However, I agree with the defendant that the plaintiff has not discharged
his burden of proving this head of claim. My concern lies specifically with
the plaintiff’s failure to adduce evidence of the terms and conditions of the
contracts pursuant to which he purchased the flight tickets. Specifically, the
issue here relates to the plaintiff’s so-called “duty” to mitigate. It is not
uncommon for ticket vendors to allow refunds, particularly on grounds of
supervening events such as accident. It is also not uncommon for air tickets
purchased with credit cards to be covered by insurance. In such a situation,
the plaintiff would need to show either that there were no refunds available,
or that he could not have availed himself of the refunds in spite of
reasonable efforts. In the absence of any evidence to this regard, I find that
the plaintiff has not discharged his burden of proof. The costs of cancelling
these flights are not recoverable.

The final award

288 The plaintiff’s total award for special damages is therefore:

S/N| Claim| Quantum ($)  
---|---|---  
Agreed items  
1| Medical expenses incurred in Switzerland| 161,534.83  
2| Professional nursing costs for the period between December 2014 and
December 2015| 11,920.00  
3| Costs of hiring second caregiver| 28,000.00  
4| Loss of bicycle| 5,250.00  
5| Replacement of cycling gear and equipment| 1,200.00  
Disputed items  
6| Medical expenses in Singapore| 412,738.96  
7| Past transport expenses| 9,180  
8| Costs of travel to Switzerland| 13,216.26  
Total| 643,040.05  
  
Conclusion

289 In conclusion, having assessed the plaintiff’s general and special damages
on the evidence which the parties have placed before me and in light of their
oral and written submissions, I find that the defendant is liable to the
plaintiff in the following sums:

S/N| Claim| Quantum ($)  
---|---|---  
1| Loss of future income| 9,325,541  
2| Recurring future medical expenses| 1,094,212  
3| One-off future medical expenses| 694,422  
4| Plaintiff’s pretrial loss of earnings| 1,543,968  
5| Plaintiff’s wife’s pretrial loss of earnings| 59,000  
6| Special damages| 643,040.05  
7| Pain and suffering| 300,000  
Total| 13,660,183.05  
  
290 I thus assess the damages payable by the defendant to the plaintiff to be
the sum of $13,660,183.05 and award that sum to the plaintiff. The defendant
has made interim payments to the plaintiff totalling $3,100,000 (see above at
[5]). Those interim payments are to be brought into account against this
award. The sum which remains due from the defendant to the plaintiff by way of
damages is therefore $10,560,183.05.

291 This assessment leaves only three questions to be determined: (i) the
quantum of Goods and Services Tax payable on the plaintiff’s future expenses;
(ii) the interest payable on the damages awarded to the plaintiff; and (iii)
the costs of this action. The interest payable to the plaintiff will, of
course, have to take into account the reduction effected in the principal by
each interim payment from the date of that payment. The parties have asked for
an opportunity to come to an agreement on the first two questions. 270

##### Foot Note 270

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 199.

I will allow them that opportunity, and also an opportunity to come to an
agreement on the third question.

292 If the parties are unable to come to an agreement on any one or more of
these three questions, I now give them liberty to apply for me to make a
determination on those questions.

Vinodh Coomaraswamy  
Judge of the High Court

Narayanan Sreenivasan, SC, N K Rajarh and Daryl Cheong (K&L Gates Straits Law
LLC) for the plaintiff;  
Simon Goh, Wang Yingshuang and Alvin Ee (Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP) for the
defendant.

ANNEX A

AGREED HEADS OF LOSS

Head of claim| Quantum  
---|---  
Pain and suffering| 300,000.00  
Pre-trial special damages 271

##### Foot Note 271

× Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at Annex A.  
Medical expenses incurred in Switzerland| 161,534.83  
Professional nursing costs for the period between December 2014 and December
2015| 11,920.00  
Costs of hiring second caregiver| 28,000.00  
Loss of bicycle| 5,250.00  
Replacement of cycling gear and equipment| 1,200.00  
Future one-off medical expenses 272

##### Foot Note 272

× Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 558.  
Psychiatric treatment (between 2020 and 2025) (GST inclusive)| 64,200.00  
Hospital fees for seizures (No GST)| 128,000.00  
Neuropsychological consultations (No GST)| 30,000.00  
Neurology-related expenses (No GST)| 50,000.00  
Total| $780,104.83  
  
ANNEX B

DISPUTED HEADS OF LOSS

S/N| Head of claim| Plaintiff’s position 273

##### Foot Note 273

× Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at Annex A. | Defendant’s position 274

##### Foot Note 274

× Defendant’s Reply Submissions at para 558.  
---|---|---|---  
Loss of future earnings  
1| Multiplier| 22 years| 14 years  
2| Multiplicand| Variable| $300,407.24  
Future Medical and Related Expenses (Recurring)  
3| Multiplier| 55 years| 17 years  
4| Psychotherapy| $18,200.00 per annum (“pa”)| $9,880.00 pa  
5| Botox| $6,000.00 pa| $5,457.00 pa  
6| Neuropsychological review assessments (No GST)| $3,000.00 pa  
7| Anti-seizure medications (GST Inclusive)| $12,840.00 pa  
8 | Neurology outpatient clinic reviews (GST Inclusive)| $856.00 pa  
9| Tinnitus treatment device (GST Inclusive)| $1,264.74 pa  
10| Hearing aids (GST Inclusive)| $2,782.00 pa  
11| Audiologic assessments (GST Inclusive)| $401.25 pa  
12| Caregiver expenses| $116,070.00 pa| $9,600.00 pa  
13| Transport expenses for recurring medical visits| $4,050.00 pa| $1,620.00
pa  
14| Psychiatric treatment costs (2025 onwards) (GST Inclusive)| $10,700.00 pa  
Future one-off medical expenses  
15| Speech and communication therapy| $1,800 per partner| nil  
16| Shoulder procedures| Orthopaedic surgery| $34,347.00| $26,854.00  
17| Physiotherapy after orthopaedic surgery| $152,100.00| $66,758.00  
18| Plastic surgery| Tissue Transfer| $150,000.00| nil  
19| Fat grafting | $120,000.00| nil  
20| Brow lift| $20,000.00| $19,260.00  
21| Scar revision| $12,000.00| nil  
22| Face tightening| $60,000.00| nil  
23| Transport expenses for one-off medical visits| $38,070.00| $4,240.00  
Pre-trial Loss of Earnings  
24| Plaintiff’s pre-trial loss of earnings| $3,340,756.56| $1,069,381.56  
25| Plaintiff’s wife’s pre-trial loss of earnings| $314,460.00| $27,200.00  
Pre-trial Special Damages  
26| Medical expenses incurred in Singapore| $431,946.13| $412,738.96  
27| Costs of travel to Switzerland for treatment| $48,806.12| $4,046.79  
28| Costs of cancelling flights booked before the accident| $53,029.10| nil  
29| Past transport expenses| $13,590.00| $634.16  
  
![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 19 Jan 2022 (11:34 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

