Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC 231

Originating Summons No 171 of 2021  
(Registrar’s Appeal No 162 of 2021)

Between

| Png Hock Leng  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| AXA Insurance Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

GROUNDS OF DECISION

[Courts and Jurisdiction] — [Jurisdiction] — [Transfer of cases from the State
Courts to the High Court]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Png Hock Leng

  
v

  
AXA Insurance Pte Ltd

[2021] SGHC 231

General Division of the High Court — Originating Summons No 171 of 2021
(Registrar’s Appeal No 162 of 2021)  
Lee Seiu Kin J  
18 August 2021

13 October 2021

Lee Seiu Kin J:

1 In this originating summons, the plaintiff applied to transfer the whole of
MC Suit No 146 of 2020 from the Magistrate’s Court to the High Court. The
application was heard at first instance by Assistant Registrar Kenneth Wang
(“AR”) who, on 21 June 2021, dismissed the application. In doing so, the
learned AR delivered the reasons for his decision which he recorded in the
notes of evidence in the following manner:

1 This is an application for transfer of the whole of MC 146 from the State
Court to the High Court. The applicant relies on s 54B and 54E of the State
Courts Act. There are three main grounds for this transfer: (a) that the
counterclaim as quantified by the counterclaimant exceeds the District Court
jurisdictional limit; (b) that the case involves important questions of law
and public interest concerning the roles and responsibilities of a financial
advisor, the Financial Advisors Act, and the MAS regulations; and (c) that for
largely the same reasons as in (b), this is a test case more appropriately
dealt with in the Supreme Court.

2 I deal first with s 54B.

3 I find that neither the proceedings generally, nor the Counterclaim in
particular, raises any important question of law or warrants characterization
as a “test case”. Yes, it involves financial dealings, it may involve the FAA
and the financial regulatory authorities such as MAS. But from the shape of
the pleadings and the arguments before me, I am not able to see any issue of
law that requires resolution by a higher court or where resolution by a high
court is needed for the fundamental operation of the industry or some other
fundamental public interest. In fact, despite the possible implication of the
FAA and other MAS regulations, I am not even able to clearly identify a
specific issue of law (as opposed to issues of fact or evidence) that would
necessarily have to be addressed at trial for the resolution of this case.

4 In terms of the “other sufficient reason” limb of s 54B, I find that this
too is not satisfied.

5 The most operative concern I had was a submission by [defendant counsel]
that sometime in the State Courts, [plaintiff] had indicated that it would
only agree to mediation in the SMC if the matter was transferred to the High
Court. If this is true, and if remains the position that [plaintiff] takes, I
would have found this a persuasive reason in favour of effecting a transfer.
Particularly for dispute such as the present, mediation provides a chance for
the parties to resolve their differences – or at least some part of their
differences – without having to incur the time, toil and cost of litigation.
But I note that [plaintiff counsel] has clarified, first, that his client was
amenable to mediation in the State Courts, albeit through a free State Court
service rather than a for-fee SMC procedure, and second, that although the
willingness may have diminished in view of this application and other issues
increasing legal costs, his client may remain willing to undergo mediation
whether the matter is transferred or not. Ultimately, while [plaintiff
counsel] was unable to commit to a position at present, whether the transfer
is effected or otherwise does not affect the question of whether mediation
would be available (whether by the State Court process or by SMC). In the
circumstances, I do think consider it necessary or helpful to order a transfer
just so that parties will be agreeable to mediation, and I do not find the
possibility of mediation a “sufficient reason” to order a transfer.

6 As for the other reasons urged by [defendant counsel] to effect a transfer,
I similarly do not find them persuasive.

7 First, the fact that a counterclaim exceeds the jurisdictional limit of the
District Court does not in itself constitute a “sufficient reason” for
transfer. As was held in Autoexport, there needs to be something more. I add,
however, that while PC sought to argue that the counterclaim was shadowy in
many aspects, I am not entirely convinced that it is appropriate for me to
require prima facie credible evidence supporting the counterclaim in an
application to transfer, especially given this preliminary stage of
proceedings when even the pleadings are relatively inchoate. To make a
determination of the prima facie merits and credibility of the evidence is
effectively a preliminary trial or (minitrial, in the words of [defendant
counsel]). That may be appropriate in a striking out application, whether in
the State Court or the High Court, but to do so in a transfer application
seems to imply that the Supreme Court has already seized jurisdiction over the
matter. I also do not read Autoexport to set out a prima facie credibility
test. Perhaps the better position is that if the pleadings make clear that the
counterclaim was brought solely or maliciously to abuse the transfer
processes, then that would amount to abuse of court process and be sufficient
to negate the transfer application. But that threshold would be abuse of court
process, and not a detailed inquiry into the prima facie merits or credibility
of the pleadings and evidence. Although I have questions about some aspects of
the counterclaim, I do not find an abuse of process in this case.

8 Second, DC alluded to several other reasons why the State Courts are not
appropriate to hear this matter. Among them is an argument that this being a
David v Goliath matter, it is better for perception that it be heard by the
Supreme Court and that “David” would be able to get a better outcome in the
Supreme Court. I am not able to accept this. If litigants bear the perception
that for some reason, justified or otherwise, State Court judges are not as
able to or willing to do justice at the same quality as the Supreme Court
judges when one party is a big corporation, better financed or more well
known, then they are mistaken. And their counsel should tell them that this is
mistaken. I need say no more about this point.

9 Thirdly, about complexity of the issues, I have read the pleadings and I do
not see anything particularly complex that can only be heard, or would more
appropriately be heard, in the Supreme Court. Indeed, the causes of action
seem fairly straightforward and would be within the realm of issues dealt with
regularly in the State Courts.

10 In relation to s 54E, I adopt the same three reasons above as reasons why I
consider this an inappropriate case for the exercise of a discretion to
transfer. The proceedings in the State Courts are on a simplified track,
designed to expedite matters and facilitate their resolution expeditiously at
lower costs. This will only be beneficial for the parties, in particular the
[d]efendant. Making the transfer order will deprive parties of that set of
procedures and subject them to the extended rules of the Supreme Court. On the
other hand, the only real prejudice I could identify in not ordering the
transfer was the issue of mediation. But for reasons I have explained, this is
a colourless fact and a transfer makes that neither more nor less likely.

11 For completeness, I add that it is also not appropriate to transfer the
counterclaim alone because, like in Autoexport, the claim and counterclaim are
between the same parties and arise largely from the same set of facts. Having
separate litigation concerning the same facts will risk a multiplicity of
proceedings and conflicting findings.

12 Finally, in view of what parties have informed me about mediation, I wish
to urge both parties to seriously consider this as an option. State Court
processes and SMC are not mutually exclusive. If there is a will, there is a
way. If parties both agree that mediation might be helpful, then it would be a
pity for them to give up on this option entirely, simply because one prefers
one institution while the other prefers the other institution.

2 On 23 June 2021, the plaintiff appealed against this decision in registrar’s
appeal no 162 of 2021. On 18 August 2021, I heard the appeal and dismissed it
with costs. On 29 September 2021, the plaintiff filed a Notice of Appeal
against my decision to the Appellate Division of the High Court.

3 In the appeal before me, the plaintiff relied on substantially the same
grounds as the first instance hearing. The learned assistant registrar had
ably set out the reasons for dismissing the application with which I fully
agree. For those reasons, I dismissed the appeal in registrar’s appeal no 162
of 2021.

Lee Seiu Kin  
Judge of the High Court

Carolyn Tan Beng Hui and Leong De Shun Kevin (Tan & Au LLP) for the plaintiff;

Ang Tze Phern, Ng Cheng Hsuan Joey and Ou Wai Hung Shaun (Rajah & Tann
Singapore LLP) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 13 Oct 2021 (10:49 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

