Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF THE HIGH court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC 60

Originating Summons No 488 of 2019

Between

| BZV  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| BZW  
---|---  
(2)| BZX  
  
… Defendants

Grounds of Decision

[Arbitration] — [Award] — [Recourse against award] — [Setting aside]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
BZV

  
v

  

BZW and another

[2021] SGHC 60

Originating Summons No 488 of 2019  
Vinodh Coomaraswamy J  
8 October, 13 November, 2 December 2019

5 April 2021

Vinodh Coomaraswamy J:

Introduction

1 The plaintiff and the defendants were claimant and respondents respectively
in an arbitration. The arbitration arose from a shipbuilding contract 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 321.

(“the Contract”) between the plaintiff as the vessel’s buyer and the
defendants as the vessel’s builders. In the arbitration, the plaintiff
advanced two claims against the defendants: (i) a claim alleging that the
defendants had delayed in delivering the vessel; and (ii) a claim alleging
that the defendants had breached the Contract by delivering the vessel with
generators which failed to meet contractual specifications for ingress
protection against water.

2 The defendants denied the plaintiff’s claims. They brought a counterclaim
seeking, amongst other things, payment for work which they had done on the
vessel and which they alleged was outside the scope of the Contract.

3 By an award dated 25 October 2018, 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 239.

read together with an addendum to the award dated 16 January 2019, 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 1204.

the tribunal dismissed the plaintiff’s claims as well as the defendants’
counterclaim.

4 The plaintiff now applies to set aside the award, save only for that part of
the award which has dismissed the defendants’ counterclaim. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 4, para 1.5.

The plaintiff brings its application under s 24(b) of the International
Arbitration Act (Cap 143A, 2002 Rev Ed) (“the Act”) and Art 34(2)(a)(iii) of
the Model Law on International Commercial Arbitration (“the Model Law”). The
Model Law, of course, has the force of law in Singapore by virtue of s 3(1) of
the Act.

5 The defendants have not cross-applied to set aside any part of the award.

6 I have allowed the plaintiff’s application and set aside the award in so far
as it dismisses the plaintiff’s claim. The defendants have appealed against my
decision. I now set out the grounds for my decision.

Preliminary point

7 Before dealing with the substance of the plaintiff’s application, I must
deal with a preliminary point raised by the defendants. The gist of the
preliminary point is that the plaintiff has filed this application out of
time.

The chronology

8 It is useful at this point to summarise the chronology of events leading to
this application. On 30 October 2018, the Secretariat of the Singapore
International Arbitration Centre (“SIAC”) forwarded the award to the parties.
5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 1275, para 4; Notes of Argument, 8 Oct 2019 at p 17
line 9.

On 27 November 2018, within the thirty-day period stipulated by Art 33(1) of
the Model Law, the plaintiff made a request to the tribunal under Art 33(1)(a)
for the tribunal to correct the award under Art 33(2). 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 1179, p 1212, para 5, and pp 1213–1214, para 10.

On 16 January 2019, the tribunal disposed of the plaintiff’s request by
issuing an addendum to the award making some of the requested corrections. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 21, para 2.9 and p 1203.

9 On 15 February 2019, the plaintiff made a further request – purportedly
under Art 33(1)(b) of the Model Law – for the tribunal to interpret the award
in light of the corrections in the addendum. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 22, para 2.10, pp 1236 and 1256–1257.

On 9 April 2019, the tribunal issued a written decision rejecting the
plaintiff’s further request. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 21, para 2.9 and p 1267.

The tribunal held that the period stipulated in Art 33(1)(b) of the Model Law
for the plaintiff to make a request for interpretation had expired on 29
November 2018 and did restart on 16 January 2019 when the tribunal disposed of
the plaintiff’s request for correction under Art 33(1)(a). 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at pp 1278–1279, paras 23–26 and 32.

The tribunal accordingly held that the plaintiff’s request for interpretation
was well out of time and ought never to have been made. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 1280, para 31.

10 On 15 April 2019, within three months of receiving the addendum to the
award, the plaintiff filed this originating summons. But it did not at the
same time file an affidavit in support of this originating summons. It also
did not serve this originating summons on the defendants immediately. The
plaintiff filed the affidavit in support only on 30 April 2019. On 24 May
2019, once the defendants’ solicitors had confirmed that they had instructions
to accept service of process in these proceedings on the defendants’ behalf,
the plaintiff effected service on the defendants of the originating summon
together with the affidavit in support. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Notes of Argument, 8 October 2019 at p 18 lines 27–32.

The procedural regime

11 Article 34(3) of the Model Law prohibits any “application” to set aside an
award from being “made” after three months have elapsed from: (i) the date on
which the plaintiff receives the award; or (ii) the date on which the tribunal
disposes of any request under Art 33 of the Model Law.

12 The defendants’ point – although this is not how they frame it – is that an
“application” to set aside an award is “made” within the meaning of Art 34(3)
of the Model Law only when both the originating summons praying to have the
award set aside and the affidavit in support of the originating summons are
filed. On that basis, the plaintiff “made” this “application” only on 30 April
2019, out of time, when it filed its affidavit in support of the originating
summons filed on 15 April 2019. The plaintiff’s “application” was incomplete
when the plaintiff filed the originating summons alone.

13 In response, the plaintiff submits that an “application” is made within the
meaning of Art 34(3) of the Model Law when the originating summons is filed.

14 It is common ground that the travaux préparatoires of the Model Law show
that its drafters deliberately left it to each Model Law jurisdiction to
prescribe the procedure for “making” an “application” to set aside an award
within the meaning of Art 34(3) of the Model Law 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Defendants’ submissions at p 18, para 37; Notes of Argument, 13 November 2019
at p 19 lines 19–22 and p 20 lines 13–16.

(see ABC Co v XYZ Co Ltd [2003] 3 SLR(R) 546 (“ABC”) at [4]).

15 Our procedure for making an application to set aside an award under the Act
is prescribed by O 69A r 2 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed)
(“the Rules”). Order 69A r 2(1)(d) requires every such application to be made
by originating summons. Order 69A r 2(4) echoes the statutory time limit in
Art 34(3) of the Model Law. Order 69A r 2(4A) then prescribes the contents and
the manner of service of the affidavit in support of an originating summons
under O 69A r 2(1)(d):

4A The affidavit in support must —

(a) state the grounds in support of the application;

(b) have exhibited to it a copy of the arbitration agreement or any record of
the content of the arbitration agreement, the award and any other document
relied on by the plaintiff;

(c) set out any evidence relied on by the plaintiff; and

(d) be served with the originating summons.

[emphasis added]

Three points arising from O 69A r 2

16 I make three points arising from the procedural framework in O 69A r 2.

17 First, O 69A r 2 of the Rules does not impose any requirement on a
plaintiff who files an originating summons under O 69A r 2(1)(d) also to file
an affidavit in support of the originating summons. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Notes of Argument, 8 October 2019 at p 23 lines 19–27, p 24 lines 18–22 and
25–26, and p 25 lines 12–18.

But the general provision in O 28 r 3(1) requires a plaintiff who intends to
adduce evidence in support of any originating summons to do so by affidavit.
No originating summons under O 69A r 2(1)(d) can proceed, let alone succeed,
without an affidavit in support. If nothing else, the affidavit is necessary
simply to put the award itself in evidence. It is therefore a practical
reality that every originating summons under O 69A r 2(1)(d) must inevitably
and will invariably be supported by an affidavit, even if there is nothing in
O 69A r 2 which requires it.

18 Second, O 69A r 2 of the Rules does not impose any requirement on a
plaintiff who files an originating summons under O 69A r 2(1)(d) as to when it
must file the affidavit in support of the originating summons. Order 69A r 2
regulates only the contents of the affidavit in support and the time of
service by virtue of O 69A r 2(4A). It does not regulate whether or when such
an affidavit must be filed.

19 Finally, O 69A r 2 of the Rules does not impose any requirement on a
plaintiff who files an originating summons under O 69A r 2(1)(d) as to when it
must serve the originating summons on the defendant. But the general provision
in O 6 r 4(1)(b) read with O 7 r 5 requires a plaintiff to serve an
originating summons on the defendant within six or twelve months after the
originating summons issues (depending on whether the defendant is to be served
within or outside the jurisdiction).

The parties’ cases on the preliminary point

20 The defendants’ case on the preliminary point is as follows. The three-
month period prescribed in Art 34(3) of the Model Law and O 69A r 2(4) of the
Rules began on 16 January 2019, the date of the addendum, and expired on 16
April 2019. The plaintiff’s request under Art 33(1)(b) of the Model Law on 15
February 2019 was not, for the reasons given by the tribunal (see [9] above),
a “request … made under Art 33(1)” within the meaning of Art 34(3). The three-
month period did not therefore restart on 9 April 2019, when the tribunal
disposed of the plaintiff’s further request. Although the plaintiff filed its
originating summons under O 69A r 2(1)(d) before 16 April 2019, it filed its
affidavit in support after 16 April 2019. Order 69A r 2(4A)(a) of the Rules
requires the plaintiff to state “the grounds in support of the application” to
set aside the award. In determining whether the plaintiff has complied with O
69A r 2(4A)(a), the contents of the plaintiff’s affidavit in support must be
disregarded because it was filed out of time. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Defendants’ submissions at p 17, para 35.

The plaintiff’s originating summons simply recited the legislative provisions
on which the plaintiff was relying in this application. That does not suffice
to “state the grounds in support” of the application within the meaning of O
69A r 2(4A)(a). The plaintiff’s application is therefore out of time under
both Art 34(3) and O 69A r 2(4) and also in breach of O 69A r 2(4A)(a). It
ought therefore to be dismissed in limine.

21 The plaintiff’s case on the preliminary point is as follows. The three-
month period prescribed in Art 34(3) of the Model Law and O 69A r 2(4) of the
Rule runs from the date on which a party receives an award or the date on
which a tribunal disposes of a request under Art 33 of the Model Law. In this
case, the tribunal disposed of the plaintiff’s request under Art 33(1)(b) of
the Model Law only on 9 April 2019. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Notes of Argument, 8 October 2019 at p 17 lines 16–21.

It follows that the three-month period expired only on 9 July 2019. Both the
originating summons and the affidavit in support were therefore filed well
within the three-month period.

22 The plaintiff submits in the alternative that even if the tribunal and the
defendants are correct that the three-month period began on 16 January 2019
and did not restart on 9 April 2019, the plaintiff “made” its “application” to
set aside the award when it filed the originating summons under O69A r 2(1)(d)
on 15 April 2019, ie before 16 April 2019. This was within the three-month
period. It does not matter that the plaintiff filed its affidavit in support
of the originating summons after 16 April 2019. Order 69A does not require the
affidavit to be filed within the three-month period. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Notes of Argument, 8 October 2019 at p 20 lines 23–30.

The plaintiff then served the originating summons together with the affidavit
on the defendant on 24 May 2019. The plaintiff has therefore complied fully
with the specific procedure which governs: (i) how an application to set aside
an award is to be made under O 69A r 2(1)(d); (ii) what the affidavit in
support of the application is to contain under O 69A r 2(4A)(a) to (c); and
(iii) how the affidavit in support is to be served under O 69A r 2(4A)(d) of
the Rules. The plaintiff has also complied fully with the general procedure
which governs how an originating summons is to be served under O 6 r 4(1)(b)
read with O 7 r 5 of the Rules. The defendants’ preliminary point therefore
ought to be rejected.

23 This summary of the parties’ cases shows that three points are not in
contention. First, the plaintiff filed this originating summons within three
months of the tribunal disposing of the plaintiff’s request under Art 33(1)(a)
of the Model Law on 16 January 2019. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Defendants’ submissions at p 15, para 29.

Second, the plaintiff filed the affidavit in support of this originating
summons more than three months after the tribunal disposed of that request.
Third, the contents of the plaintiff’s affidavit in support complies with the
requirements of O 69A r 2(4A) of the Rules.

The policy underlying the three-month period

24 I accept that the purpose of the three-month period in Art 34(3) of the
Model Law is to impose a strict time limit within which a party can apply to
set aside an award. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Defendants’ submissions at pp 10–11, paras 18–21.

I accept also that underlying this strict time limit is the policy in favour
of promoting finality in arbitration and of vindicating the reasonable
commercial expectations of parties to an arbitration as to what eventual
success in the arbitration entails.

25 I therefore accept the defendants’ submission (see [20] above) that a
request which purports to be made under Art 33 of the Model Law, but which
fails to comply with the requirements of Art 33, is not “a request … made
under Art 33” within the meaning of Art 34(3) of the Model Law. The
plaintiff’s construction of Art 34(3) would undermine both its purpose and
policy. It would allow a party to manipulate the three-month period by
repeatedly contriving to make defective requests under Art 33. I therefore
accept the defendants’ submission that the three-month period began on 16
January 2019 – when the tribunal disposed of the plaintiff’s first and only
request under Art 33 – and did not restart on 9 April 2019. It follows that
the three-month period expired on 16 April 2019.

26 The question of whether I can extend the three-month period does not arise.
That is simply because the plaintiff does not seek any such extension. In any
event, I am prepared to accept, without deciding, that Art 5 of the Model Law
is so weighty as to exclude the court’s general substantive power in paragraph
7 of the First Schedule of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007
Rev Ed) to extend the three-month period in Art 34(3) of the Model Law (per
Anselmo Reyes IJ in BXS v BXT [2019] 4 SLR 390 at [40]). 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Defendants’ submissions at pp 20–21, para 45.

If that is so, then a fortiori Art 5 of the Model Law also excludes the
court’s general procedural power under O 3 r 4(1) of the Rules to extend the
three-month period echoed in O 69A r 2(4) of the Rules.

27 All of this, however, takes the defendants only so far on the preliminary
point.

An “application” within the meaning of Art 34(3)

28 In my view, an “application” to set aside an award is “made” within the
meaning of Art 34(3) when an originating summons alone is filed under O 69A r
2(1)(d), not when both an originating summons is filed under O 69A r 2(1)(d)
and an affidavit in support of the originating summons which complies with O
69 A r 2(4A) is filed. I say this for four reasons.

Model Law leaves each jurisdiction to define “application”

29 First, even the defendants accept that what amounts to an “application”
within the meaning of Art 34(3) is a matter outside the scope of the Model
Law. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Defendants’ submissions at p 18, para 37; Notes of Argument, 13 November 2019
at p 19 lines 19–22 and p 20 lines 13–16.

The drafters of the Model Law acknowledged this and deliberately left it to be
governed by the procedural law of each Model Law jurisdiction.

30 The policy of Art 34(3) (see [24] above) is of little assistance,
therefore, in resolving the critical issue on the preliminary point. That is
because the Model Law has deliberately remitted the critical issue to our
domestic procedural law. Having said that, I accept that the policy of Art
34(3) of the Model Law is also the policy of our procedural law as it applies
to arbitration-related litigation. That is so both generally and in particular
under O 69A (and O 69) of the Rules. I therefore bear this policy in mind in
the analysis which follows.

An originating process is fundamentally different from an affidavit

31 Second, an originating process – such as an originating summons – carries a
special significance in our general procedural law. An originating process is
a document of a public character. It emanates from the state, not from the
parties. Its purpose is to bring the state’s considerable coercive power to
bear on a defendant. Its effect is to compel the defendant to present to the
court a formal answer to the plaintiff’s claim, failing which an adjudication
will be entered by default in the plaintiff’s favour, as a result of which the
defendants’ substantive legal rights will be permanently extinguished, at
least at first instance.

32 An affidavit, on the other hand, is a document of a private character. It
emanates from the parties and not from the state. Its sole purpose is to
record in writing, upon penalty of perjury, the evidence of a witness in a
convenient form for presentation to a court in civil litigation, typically
when cross-examination is not available or is not warranted. An affidavit does
not bring the state’s coercive power to bear on a defendant. The failure to
file an affidavit does not, in and of itself, carry the risk of an
adjudication on the merits by default.

33 An originating process is therefore fundamentally different from an
affidavit and operates on a separate and higher procedural plane. Order 69A r
2(4A) of the Rules observes this fundamental difference by requiring all
matters of evidence to be contained in the affidavit and not in the
originating summons. It is the affidavit, therefore, which sets out the
personal and documentary evidence which the plaintiff intends to rely upon in
support of the application.

34 It is for this reason that our system of procedure considers civil
litigation to commence when a plaintiff satisfies the procedural prerequisites
necessary to cause the court, as the judicial organ of the state, to issue an
originating process. As soon as that happens, the court is seised of the
underlying lis. That is why a limitation period prescribed bee the Limitation
Act (Cap 163, 1996 Rev Ed) for a particular lis stops running as soon as an
originating process encompassing that lis issues. That act suffices in itself
to engage the court’s jurisdiction to resolve the lis and therefore to stop
the relevant limitation period. That period does not keep running until the
plaintiff puts evidence before the court on which it intends to rely in
support of its case on the lis.

35 I am aware that the analogy between Art 34(3) of the Model Law and a
statutory limitation period under the Limitation Act may be inexact. But the
point I make is a conceptual one and one of universal application. As soon as
an originating summons issues under O 69A r 2(1)(d), the application
commences. Further, the court gains immediate control over the plaintiff and
the application. That is so whether or not that originating summons is
accompanied by an affidavit. The court’s control includes the power to case
manage the application under the express power in O 28 r 10(1) of the Rules
and also under the general power in O 34A. This control also includes the
power to strike out the application on the merits under O 18 r 19 or to
dismiss the application on procedural grounds under O 28 r 10(1) or O 34A r
1(2). For this reason, I consider that the position of an originating process
in relation to a statutory limitation period is, in this sense, an apposite
analogy to the position of an originating summons under O 69A r 2(1)(d) to the
three-month period prescribed by Art 34(3) of the Model Law.

Order 69A r 2 itself treats the “application” as the originating summons

36 Third, consistent with this conceptual and procedural framework, O 69A r 2
itself equates the application to set aside an award to the originating
summons. It does so in two ways. First, O 69A r 2(1)(d) provides: “Every
application … to set aside an award under section 24 of the Act or Art 34(2)
of the Model Law … must be made by originating summons” (emphasis added).
Second, O 69A r 2(4) provides: “An application under paragraph (1)(d) above
shall not be made …” (emphasis added). Both of these are mandatory and
foundational provisions. They both equate the “application” to the originating
summons alone, without any reference to an affidavit in support. This
affidavit is governed by, and only by, O 69A r 2(4A) of the Rules. This
confirms to me that even the specific procedural law in O 69A r 2 which
applies to arbitration-related litigation treats an affidavit in support of an
originating summons under O 69A r 2(1)(d) as something distinct from, and
ancillary to, the “application” within the meaning of O 69A r 2(1)(d) and O
69A r 2(4). This in turn reinforces my conclusion that an “application” to set
aside an award is “made” under our procedural law, and therefore within the
meaning of Art 34(3) of the Model Law, when the originating summons is filed.

37 It is true that ABC (at [4]) observed that the originating process “must be
accompanied by an affidavit”. But that does not undermine my conclusion. In
context, and contrary to what the defendants suggest, 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Defendants’ submissions at p 19, para 39.

this observation simply restates the effect of the procedural rule requiring
the originating process to be accompanied by an affidavit at the time of
service, not at the time of filing. This observation does not mean that an
“application” within the meaning of Art 34(3) of the Model Law comprises both
the originating process and the affidavit in support.

The drafting convention in the Rules

38 Finally, an examination of the Rules shows that the drafting convention
adopted is to make express provision whenever the intent is to oblige a party
to file a summons together with an affidavit in support. So too, the drafting
convention is to make express provision whenever the intent is to oblige a
party to serve a summons within a particular number of days after filing.
Thus, for example, O 14 r 2(2) provides that:

(2) The summons and the supporting affidavit or affidavits must be filed at
the same time, and must be served on the defendant within 3 days from the date
of filing.

Order 29 r 10(4) is to the same effect.

39 Both of these provisions, of course, govern an interlocutory summons
praying for interlocutory relief, not an originating summons praying for final
relief. But an interlocutory summons too emanates from the state and brings
the state’s coercive power to bear on the respondent to the summons, albeit to
present a response to a claim for interlocutory procedural relief rather than
a claim for final substantive relief.

40 I therefore consider that there is nothing express or implied in O 69A r 2
of the Rules which requires a plaintiff who invokes the state’s coercive power
against a defendant under O 69 r 2(1)(d) to file an affidavit in support at
the same time as the originating summons or to serve the originating summons
within a particular number of days after it is issued. Of course, the
plaintiff must comply with the general procedural requirement to serve an
originating summons while it remains valid for service (see [19] above).

Effect of this interpretation on the policy underlying Art 34(3)

41 I do not consider this construction of O 69A r 2 of the Rules to be
contrary to the policy of Art 34(3) (see [24] above) or of O 69A (see [30]
above). The defendants accept that, even on their construction of O 69A r 2, a
plaintiff seeking to set aside an award can file its originating summons and
affidavit within the three-month period and then take up to six months to
serve the originating summons on a defendant within Singapore or 12 months to
serve the originating summons on a defendant outside Singapore. From the
perspective of promoting finality in arbitration and vindicating the
reasonable commercial expectations of the parties, there is no conceptual
difference between the present case and one in which the plaintiff had
difficulty serving the defendants (whether within or outside the jurisdiction)
until either 30 April 2019 (when the plaintiff was in a position to serve the
originating summons on the defendants and the affidavit in support in
compliance with O 69A r 2(4A)(d)) or 24 May 2019 (when the plaintiff actually
served the originating summons and the affidavit in support on the defendants’
solicitors).

42 Further, any potential for abuse which the procedural latitude allowed to a
plaintiff on my construction of O 69A r 2 of the Rules is addressed by the
court’s wide powers of case management of an originating summons, even before
service, whether under O 34A r 5 or under O 28 r 10 of the Rules. The
existence of these measures to detect and prevent abuse reinforces my view
that my construction is consistent with the Model Law’s deliberate decision to
leave it to the procedural law of each jurisdiction to determine when an
“application” is “made” within the meaning of Art 34(3).

“State the grounds in support of the application”

43 I have held that an “application” to set aside an award is “made” within
the meaning of Art 34(3) of the Model Law – and therefore also within the
meaning of O 69A r 2(4) of the Rules – when an originating summons is filed
under O 69A r 2(1)(d) of the Rules. That finding alone suffices to dispose of
the preliminary point in favour of the plaintiff.

44 I therefore need not deal with the defendants’ argument that the
plaintiff’s application is defective because the originating summons fails to
state the grounds in support of the application. The defendants submit that
this is a requirement of O 69A r 2(4A)(a). 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Defendants’ submissions at pp 12–16, paras 22–33.

It suffices to note that, contrary to the defendants’ submission, 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Defendants’ submissions at p 19, para 41.

O 69A r 2(4A)(a) of the Rules does not require the “application” to state the
grounds in support. Instead, it requires the “affidavit in support” to do so.
Therefore, O 69A r 2(4A)(a) does not and was not intended to apply to an
originating summons filed under O 69A r 2(1)(d). And the defendants do not
suggest that the affidavit which the plaintiff eventually filed in support of
this application fails to comply with O 69A r 2(4A) in so far as its contents
are concerned.

Conclusion on the preliminary point

45 In conclusion, I hold that the plaintiff “made” its “application” to set
aside this award on 15 April 2019, in compliance with Art 34(3) of the Model
Law and O 69A r 2(4) of the Rules. I hold that there is nothing in Art 34(3)
or in O 69A r 2 – whether express or arising by implication from a purposive
or policy-based construction of both provisions – which renders the
plaintiff’s application out of time or which precludes the plaintiff from
relying on the grounds set out in the affidavit in support of the originating
summons to advance its case on this setting aside application. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Defendants’ submissions at p 17, paras 34–45.

46 I also consider that this approach accords with the Model Law’s deliberate
decision to leave it to the procedural law of individual Model Law
jurisdictions to determine when an “application” under Art 34(3) of the Model
Law is “made”. The defendants’ construction of Art 34(3) would mean that a
party could comply fully with our procedural law (as the plaintiff has done in
this case) and still find its application barred by Art 33(4). The drafters of
the Model Law deliberately intended there to be no such variance between the
effect of the Model Law and the procedural law of a given Model Law
jurisdiction.

47 Having disposed of the defendants’ preliminary point, I now address the
parties’ substantive arguments on the setting aside application. I begin with
a summary of the relevant law.

The setting aside application

48 As I have mentioned (at [4] above), the plaintiff applies to set aside the
award on two alternative grounds under the Act. First, the plaintiff relies on
s 24(b) of the Act to argue that the tribunal breached natural justice in
dismissing its claim. Second, the plaintiff relies on Art 34(2)(a)(iii) of the
Model Law to argue that the tribunal dealt with matters beyond the scope of
the parties’ submission to arbitration in dismissing its claim.

Section 24(b) of the Act

49 I shall deal first with the plaintiff’s case under s 24(b) of the Act. That
section permits the court to set aside an award if “a breach of the rules of
natural justice occurred in connection with the making of the award by which
the rights of any party have been prejudiced”. Accordingly, to succeed in
setting aside an award under s 24(b) of the Act, a plaintiff must establish
the following elements (John Holland Pty Ltd v Toyo Engineering Corp (Japan)
[2001] 1 SLR(R) 443 (“John Holland”) at [18]):

(a) which rule of natural justice was breached;

(b) how it was breached;

(c) in what way the breach was connected to the making of the award; and

(d) how the breach prejudiced the plaintiff’s rights.

The first and second John Holland elements

50 On the first John Holland element, the plaintiff submits that the tribunal
breached the fair hearing rule. The fair hearing rule requires each party to
be given adequate notice of the case it must meet in the arbitration and a
fair opportunity to be heard on that case (see Soh Beng Tee & Co Pte Ltd v
Fairmount Development Pte Ltd [2007] 3 SLR(R) 86 (“Soh Beng Tee”) at [43]).

51 On the second John Holland element, the plaintiff advances up to six
grounds as to how the tribunal breached the fair hearing rule. For present
purposes, I will analyse only the two grounds which I have accepted: (i) that
the tribunal adopted a chain of reasoning which had no nexus to the parties’
cases; and (ii) that the tribunal failed to apply its mind to an essential
issue arising from the parties’ arguments.

The applicable principles of law

52 The principles of law which I must apply to determine the plaintiff’s
application on these two grounds are not seriously contested. They can be
summarised as follows:

(a) The grounds for setting aside an award are to be construed and applied
bearing in mind the policy of minimal curial intervention in arbitration (Soh
Beng Tee at [65(c)]).

(b) An application to set aside an award is not a pretext for the losing party
to appeal on the merits against the tribunal’s award (TMM Division Maritima SA
de CV v Pacific Richfield Marine Pte Ltd [2013] 4 SLR 972 (“TMM Division”) at
[2]).

(c) A court hearing a setting-aside application will not strive to find fault
with the tribunal or to find errors in the award (Soh Beng Tee at [65(f)]; TMM
Division at [45]).

(d) A court will set aside an award only if the breach of natural justice is
“demonstrably clear on the face of the record without the need to pore over
thousands of pages of facts and submissions” (TMM Division at [125]).

(e) The fundamental touchstone of the fair hearing rule is naturally the
concept of “fairness”. But there are two sides to fairness. It is, of course,
unfair to the losing party if the tribunal did not give it a fair hearing. But
it is equally unfair to the successful party if it is deprived of the fruits
of its success on an arid or technical challenge mounted ex post facto (Soh
Beng Tee at [65(a)] and [65(b)]; TMM Division at [2] and [125]). The court
will therefore read the award generously in order to remedy only meaningful
breaches of natural justice which have caused actual prejudice (Soh Beng Tee
at [65(f)]).

(f) A breach of the fair hearing rule can arise from the tribunal’s failure to
apply its mind to the essential issues arising from the parties’ arguments.
The court will give the tribunal “fair latitude” to determine what is and is
not an essential issue (TMM Division at [72] and [74]) and also when reading
the award to determine whether the tribunal failed to apply its mind to the
essential issues.

(g) The fact that a tribunal’s decision is inexplicable is only one factor
which goes towards establishing that the tribunal failed to apply its mind to
the essential issues arising from the parties’ arguments (TMM Division at
[89]). If a fair reading of the award shows that the tribunal did apply its
mind to the essential issues “but failed to comprehend the submissions or
comprehended them erroneously, and thereby came to a decision which may fall
to be characterised as inexplicable”, that will be simply an error of fact or
law and the award will not be set aside (TMM Division at [90]–[91]; BLC v BLB
[2014] 4 SLR 79 at [100]).

(h) So too, the fact that an award fails to address one of the parties’
arguments expressly does not, in itself, mean that the tribunal failed to
apply its mind to that argument. There may be a valid alternative explanation
for the failure (ASG v ASH [2016] 5 SLR 54 at [92]).

(i) An award will therefore not be set aside on the ground that the tribunal
failed to apply its mind to an essential issue arising from the parties’
arguments unless the failure is a clear and virtually inescapable inference
from the award (AKN v ALC [2015] 3 SLR 488 at [46]).

(j) A breach of the fair hearing rule can also arise from the chain of
reasoning which the tribunal adopts in its award. To comply with the fair
hearing rule, the tribunal’s chain of reasoning must be: (i) one which the
parties had reasonable notice that the tribunal could adopt; and (ii) one
which has a sufficient nexus to the parties’ arguments (JVL Agro Industries
Ltd v Agritrade International Pte Ltd [2016] 4 SLR 768 (“JVL Agro”) at [149]).

(k) A party has reasonable notice of a particular chain of reasoning (and of
the issues forming the links in that chain) if: (i) it arose from the parties’
pleadings; (ii) it arose by reasonable implication from their pleadings; (iii)
it is unpleaded but arose in some other way in the arbitration and was
reasonably brought to the party’s actual notice; or (iv) it flows reasonably
from the arguments actually advanced by either party or is related to those
arguments (JVL Agro at [150], [152], [154] and [156]).

(l) To set aside an award on the basis of a defect in the chain of reasoning,
a party must establish that the tribunal conducted itself either irrationally
or capriciously such that “a reasonable litigant in his shoes could not have
foreseen the possibility of reasoning of the type revealed in the award”. A
tribunal’s failure to hear from the challenging party on every single link in
its chain of reasoning is therefore not in itself a breach of natural justice.
It is also not in itself a breach of natural justice for the tribunal’s chain
of reasoning to adopt a middle path between the parties’ diametrically opposed
cases, whether on the appropriate inferences to be drawn from the primary
facts, on the state or effect of the law or on the application of the law to
the facts. Adopting a chain of reasoning, or a particular issue as a link in
that chain, will be a breach of natural justice only if it represents a
dramatic departure from the parties’ cases, is wholly at odds with the
established evidence or arrives at a conclusion unequivocally rejected by both
parties as being trivial or irrelevant (Soh Beng Tee at [65(d)] and [65(e)];
TMM Division at [125]).

53 In order to apply these principles to this application, it is necessary
first to set out the background facts, including the principal provisions of
the Contract.

The background facts of the parties’ dispute

The defendants agree to build a vessel for the plaintiff

54 The parties entered into the Contract in November 2012. The Contract is a
detailed one, running to 21 articles over 59 pages.

55 The Contract contains six sets of provisions which are relevant for present
purposes.

56 First, the defendants undertook to construct, equip and deliver a vessel to
the plaintiff no later than 31 May 2014. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 266, Award at para 127, p 324 and 351, cl 8.1.1.

That date was subsequently extended by agreement. I shall refer to the
contractually stipulated date for delivery of the vessel at any given time as
“the Delivery Date”.

57 Second, the Contract incorporates eight annexes. Of these, only two are
relevant for present purposes. Annex I is headed “Construction Methodology”.
27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 380.

It sets out in five parts over 66 pages the plaintiff’s detailed requirements
as to how the defendants are to construct, outfit and commission the vessel.
Annex III is headed “Technical Specification”. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 448.

It sets out in 18 sections 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 451.

over 189 pages the plaintiff’s detailed specifications for the materials,
systems, outfitting and testing of the vessel. Despite its formal title, the
parties and the tribunal refer to Annex III as “the Construction
Specifications” (see [201] below). 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 290, Award at para 227.

58 Third, the Contract required the defendants to construct the vessel in
accordance with the specifications and requirements of the “Classification
Society” and the provisions of the Contract. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at pp 324–325.

Article 1 read with Art 2.3.1 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at pp 326 and 330.

of the Contract as well as section 1.3 of Annex III 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 380.

define the “Classification Society” as the American Bureau of Shipping (“the
ABS”). Section 1.4 of Annex III reiterates that “The Vessel, with its
equipment, shall be built under special survey of the [ABS] to the highest
classification for Vessels of this type” and that “The Vessel as delivered,
shall comply with the applicable regulatory requirements” of the ABS. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 454.

Sections 12.2, 12.3 and 15.2 of Annex III 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at pp 554 and 587.

set out the specifications for the vessel’s main and emergency generators.
Significantly, Annex III is silent on the standard as to ingress protection
which the vessel’s generators must meet.

59 Fourth, Art 5 of the Contract obliges the defendants (amongst other things)
to permit the plaintiff’s representatives and assistants to inspect and test
the vessel during construction. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at pp 338–343.

In particular, Arts 5.3.4 and 5.3.5 of the Contract 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 341.

require the defendants to prepare and execute, with the approval of the
plaintiff and the ABS, a comprehensive programme of tests and trials during
construction to ensure that the vessel is being built and equipped in
accordance with the Contract. Article 5 further gives the plaintiff and the
ABS the right to attend all tests and to receive at least seven days’ notice
of the tests for that purpose.

60 Fifth, Art 7 of the Contract provides that the vessel, when completed, must
undergo a suite of agreed tests (“Acceptance Tests”) to ensure that the vessel
conforms with the requirements of the Contract and is capable of operating in
accordance with the contractual specifications and the requirements of the ABS
(“the Acceptance Standards”). 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 347.

Article 7.3.1 of the Contract permits the defendants, if they consider that
the results of the Acceptance Tests show that the vessel meets the Acceptance
Standards, to serve a written notice of completion on the plaintiff stating
that the vessel is ready for delivery. In that event, the plaintiff has 48
hours to notify the defendants that it either accepts or rejects the vessel.
If the plaintiff fails to reject the vessel within those 48 hours, it is
deemed by Art 7.3.4 of the Contract to have accepted the vessel. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 348.

61 Finally, Art 20 of the Contract provides that it is governed by Singapore
law and that disputes arising out of or in connection with the Contract shall
be referred to and resolved finally by arbitration in Singapore at the SIAC.
40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 377.

62 In December 2012, the parties varied the Contract by entering into the
first of four supplemental agreements. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 723.

The terms of this first supplemental agreement are not relevant for present
purposes.

The plaintiff sells the vessel to the End-Buyer

63 The defendants failed to deliver the vessel by the Delivery Date, ie 31 May
2014. Towards the end of 2014, while the vessel was still under construction,
the plaintiff entered into discussions to sell the vessel on to a third-party
through a tender exercise. I shall refer to this third-party as “the End-
Buyer”. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 266, Award at para 129.

64 As a result of these discussions, meetings took place between the End-Buyer
and the plaintiff, at which the defendants were present, in December 2014 and
again in January 2015. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 266, Award at para 129 and p 286, Award at para
216.

Part of the purpose of these meetings was to agree the changes necessary to
the technical requirements for the vessel in order for the vessel to meet the
End-Buyer’s technical requirements instead of the plaintiff’s (as originally
set out in Annexes I and III to the Contract).

The ABS tests the vessel

65 In December 2014, the ABS conducted tests on the vessel. The defendants
characterise these as Acceptance Tests within the meaning of Art 7 of the
Contract (see [60] above). Accordingly, on 31 December 2014, the defendants
served written notice of completion under Art 7.3.1 of the Contract on the
plaintiff (see [60] above). The plaintiff failed to reject the vessel within
48 hours.

66 The defendants’ position is that the results of these tests established
that the defendants were ready to deliver the vessel in accordance with the
Contract in December 2014. The plaintiff denied during the arbitration, and
denies on this application, that these tests by the ABS amounted to Acceptance
Tests within the meaning of the Art 7 of the Contract. It also denies that the
vessel was ready for delivery in December 2014. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at pp 1647–1653, paras 4–21.

The second supplemental agreement

67 In February 2015, the parties entered into a second supplemental agreement
(“SA2”). 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 727.

SA2 amended the Contract to achieve two purposes. The first was to incorporate
the End-Buyer’s technical requirements into the Contract. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 266–267, Award at para 130.

The second was to provide contractually for the consequences of the
defendants’ failure to deliver the vessel by 31 May 2014 as originally agreed.

68 SA2 has three annexes. Annex I of SA2 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 735.

is headed “Technical Requirements and Other Requirements” and comprises twelve
numbered sub-divisions. Only two of those subdivisions are relevant for
present purposes. The first relevant subdivision is Annex I-1. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 736.

It runs to 241 pages and is headed “Technical Agreement for [the vessel]”.
This document was produced by the End-Buyer and bears its name or logo on
every page. I shall call this the “SA2 Technical Agreement”. The second
relevant subdivision is Annex I-12. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 1119.

This document runs to only three pages and is headed “Minutes of Technical
Negotiations between [the End-Buyer] and [the plaintiff] on the purchase of
[the vessel]”. I shall call this document the “SA2 Minutes of Negotiations”.
The SA2 Minutes of Negotiations are signed by the plaintiff and the defendants
and record the principal points agreed between the plaintiff and the End-Buyer
in the meetings with the End-Buyer in January 2015 (see [64] above). 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 266, Award at para 129 and p 286, Award at para
216.

69 SA2 contains six sets of provisions which are relevant for present
purposes.

70 First, Art 8 of SA2 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 730.

contractually extends the Delivery Date from 31 May 2014 to 30 April 2015.

71 Second, Art 8 defines 30 June 2015 as the “Cancelling Date”. The
significance of the Cancelling Date is that Art 12 of SA2 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 731.

provides that, if the defendants fail to deliver the vessel by the Cancelling
Date, the plaintiff is entitled either to: (i) reject the vessel and terminate
the Contract; or (ii) accept delivery of the vessel and claim liquidated
damages at the rate of US$50,000 per day from the Cancelling Date to the date
of actual delivery, capped at US$5m.

72 Third, Art 3 of SA2 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 728.

provides that Annex I of SA2 supersedes, amongst others, Annexes I and III of
the Contract (see [54] above). In exchange, the plaintiff agrees to pay the
defendants a US$10.46m “Modification Fee” for all of the work done or to be
done on the vessel to upgrade its specifications to meet those set out in
Annex I of SA2. Article 3 of SA2 also obliges the defendants “to comply with
all technical requirements based on [Annex I of SA2], in accordance with the
Classification Society’s [ie the ABS’s] rules and regulations”.

73 Fourth, Art 6 of SA2 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 729.

supplements the inspection plan under Art 5 of the Contract (see [59] above).
Article 6 of SA2 obliges the defendants: (i) to permit the End-Buyer’s
inspection agency, ModuSpec, to inspect and test the vessel in the course of
construction; and (ii) to remedy and rectify any non-conformity that ModuSpec
may discover and convey to the defendants through the plaintiff. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 730.

74 Fifth, Art 15 of SA2 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 732.

varies the “Permissible Delay” provisions in cl 9.3 of the Contract. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 356.

Article 15 provides that, if the defendants fail to deliver the vessel by the
30 April 2015, but the failure is caused by the defendants’ efforts to remedy
or rectify non-conformities raised by the End-Buyer or by ModuSpec before 15
April 2015, that delay is a “Permissible Delay”. If, but only if, the
defendants give notice of Permissible Delay to the plaintiff, the plaintiff is
obliged to extend both the Delivery Date and the Cancelling Date for the
period of the Permissible Delay, but no further than a long-stop date of 15
July 2015.

75 Finally, SA2 deals expressly with the protection of the vessel’s generators
from the ingress of water. The international standard for the protection of
electrical and electronic equipment (such as the generators) from the ingress
of water and foreign objects is an “IP” rating. “IP” stands for “Ingress
Protection”. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 1296, para 32.

The higher the IP rating, the higher the degree of protection which is
required in order to earn that rating. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at pp 1296–1297, paras 32–33.

As mentioned (at [58] above), the Contract did not expressly specify an IP
rating for the generators. It merely obliged the defendants in general terms
to comply with the regulatory requirements of the ABS as to ingress protection
for generators. Section 15.2 of the SA2 Technical Agreement now expressly
requires the generators to “generally” be “Waterproof grade IP44”. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 913.

But the SA2 Minutes of Negotiations (like the Contract) are silent on the IP
rating of the generators. The SA2 Minutes of Negotiations merely oblige the
defendants in general terms to submit to the plaintiff documents about the “IP
grade of the generator, which shall meet the requirement of Construction
Specification and Classification”. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 1120.

76 The effect of SA2 was not only to extend the Delivery Date from 31 May 2014
to 30 April 2015 but also to give the defendants a further two-month grace
period, after 30 April 2015 and up to the Cancelling Date, within which they
would face no contractual consequence for having failed to deliver the vessel
by 30 April 2015. But if the defendants failed to deliver the vessel by the
Cancelling Date, and the plaintiff elected not to terminate the contract, SA2
gave the plaintiff the right to recover liquidated damages from the defendants
starting from the Cancelling Date up to the date of actual delivery, subject
to the cap of US$5m.

The plaintiff sells the vessel to the End-Buyer

77 Following SA2, but also in February 2015, the plaintiff entered into a
contract with the End-Buyer to sell the vessel to the End-Buyer. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 267, Award at para 131.

78 In April 2015, the parties entered into a third supplemental agreement. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 1124.

The terms of this supplemental agreement are not relevant for present
purposes.

79 In late April 2015, the End-Buyer informed the plaintiff that the
generators already installed in the vessel did not conform to the End-Buyer’s
specifications for protection against the ingress of water because they were
rated IP23 instead of IP44. The plaintiff duly informed the defendants of the
non-conformity. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 271, Award at para 151.

The defendants informed the plaintiff that it would take 11 months to upgrade
the generators from IP23 to IP44. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 32, para 3.9.1 and p 271, Award at para 154.

The defendants fail to deliver the vessel

80 The defendants proved unable to deliver the vessel by the Delivery Date of
30 April 2015 or even by the Cancelling Date of 30 June 2015. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 32, para 3.9.1.

On 1 July 2015, the plaintiff put the defendants on notice in writing that the
defendants had: (i) failed to deliver the vessel in accordance with Art 8 of
SA2; and (ii) failed to give notice of Permissible Delay under Art 15 of SA2.
67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 32, para 3.9.1 and p 1293, para 20.

But the plaintiff did not exercise its right under SA2 to terminate the
Contract. It chose to keep the Contract on foot.

81 On 2 July 2015 and 1 September 2015, the ABS issued two interim class
certificates for the vessel. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at pp 102–103, paras 7.2.69–7.2.72; Plaintiff’s
submissions at p 22, para 2.5.

A class certificate is a certificate from the ABS confirming that the vessel
complies with ABS standards for vessels of that particular class. These two
class certificates were interim because the ABS was unable to certify a
particular component of the vessel as a result of the plaintiff’s failure to
provide required information on Owner Furnished Equipment (“OFE”). 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Defendants’ submissions at pp 40–42, para 81(2).

82 Between 3 July 2015 and 17 July 2015, ModuSpec carried out an inspection of
the vessel. As a result of the inspection, ModuSpec raised a list of non-
conformities for the defendants to remedy. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 274, Award at para 165.

The defendants duly set about remedying them.

The fourth supplemental agreement

83 On 12 September 2015, the parties entered into a fourth supplemental
agreement (“SA4”). SA4 contains two provisions which are relevant for present
purposes.

84 First, Art 3 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 1128.

extends the Delivery Date (as already extended by Art 8 of SA2) to “on or
around 21 September 2015, but in no case later than 23 September 2015”. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 1129.

85 Second, Art 4 of SA4 fixes technical acceptance of the vessel for 12
September 2015. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 1129.

As a result, Art 4 also provides that “… the calculation of all Liquidated
Damages payable from one Party to the other under the terms and conditions of
the [Contract], including but not limited to Art 12 of [SA2], shall cease on
11 September 2015”.

86 Although SA4 expressly extended the Delivery Date, it is silent about any
extension of the Cancelling Date. The significance of the Cancelling Date is
that it is the starting date for calculating liquidated damages under Art 12
of SA2.

87 Subject to the terms of SA4, the plaintiff allowed the Contract to remain
on foot and allowed the defendants to work towards delivering the vessel under
the Contract as varied by the supplemental agreements.

Delivery and acceptance

88 The defendants delivered the vessel to the plaintiff on 22 September 2015,
one day before the long stop date in SA4 (see [84] above). The plaintiff duly
accepted the vessel and made full payment of the final instalment due under
the Contract, of the Modification Fee and of all other payments due under SA2.
74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at pp 268, Award at para 136 and pp 1333–1334, para 53.

The plaintiff also delivered the vessel to the End-Buyer on the same day. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at pp 267, Award at para 135 and pp 1333–1334, para 53.

The disputes in the arbitration

89 The parties agreed to deliver and accept the vessel even though the
plaintiff was asserting, at that time, two claims against the defendants: 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 1154, paras 25–26.

(a) First, the plaintiff was claiming to be entitled to recover liquidated
damages from the defendants for the delay in delivery of the vessel. I shall
refer to this as the “delay claim”.

(b) Second, plaintiff was claiming to be entitled to recover damages from the
defendants because the vessel’s generators were rated IP23 instead of IP44. I
shall refer to this as the “IP44 claim”.

On the IP44 claim, it is not disputed that the defendants delivered the vessel
with generators which were rated only IP23, not IP44. The only dispute is as
to whether the defendants were contractually obliged to upgrade the generators
from IP23 to IP44 before delivery.

90 I should add that the plaintiff also pursued a claim arising from the IP
rating of the vessel’s cranes. But the plaintiff’s claim in respect of the
cranes stands or falls with its claim in respect of the generators. I
therefore need not and do not analyse separately the plaintiff’s claim arising
from the IP rating of the vessel’s cranes.

91 The defendants rejected both of the plaintiff’s claims. As a result, in
October 2015, the plaintiff commenced arbitration against the defendants under
Art 20 of the Contract (see [61] above). 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 1149.

A tribunal was constituted in January 2016, comprising three arbitrators
appointed in the usual way. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 248, Award at para 3.3.1.

92 In March 2016, the plaintiff filed its statement of claim in the
arbitration. In it, the plaintiff sought damages on both the delay claim and
the IP44 claim. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 1284.

93 In April 2016, as amended in November 2016, the defendants filed their
statement of defence and counterclaim. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 1305.

The defendants denied both of the plaintiff’s claims and advanced a
counterclaim seeking, amongst other things, payment for work which they had
done on the vessel allegedly outside the scope of the Contract.

The delay claim

94 The plaintiff pleaded its delay claim in the arbitration as follows. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at pp 1293–1296, paras 20–31.

Article 12 of SA2 entitles the plaintiff to liquidated damages starting from
the Cancelling Date and ending on the actual date on which the defendants
deliver the vessel. Article 8 of SA2 fixed the Cancelling Date as 30 June
2015. The defendants delivered the vessel on 22 September 2015. The plaintiff
is therefore prima facie entitled to liquidated damages under Art 12 of SA2
for the 84 days from 30 June 2015 to 22 September 2015, totalling US$4.2m. But
by Art 4 of SA4, the parties agreed to calculate the defendants’ liability to
pay liquidated damages only up to 11 September 2015. Therefore, the plaintiff
was entitled to liquidated damages only for the 73 days from 30 June 2015
until 11 September 2015, totalling US$3.65m. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 270, Award at para 145.

95 In summary, the defendants’ defence to the delay claim was that: (i) the
defendants were entitled to extensions of time for Permissible Delay (see [74]
above) such that delivery of the vessel on 22 September 2015 was not a breach
of contract; (ii) alternatively, even if the defendants were not entitled to
extensions of time, the delay was in fact caused by the plaintiff, and
therefore the prevention principle operated to set time for delivery at large;
and (iii) even if time was not set at large, the Cancelling Date, being the
date on which the defendants’ liability to pay liquidated damages commenced
had been moved contractually to a date after 11 September 2015, the date on
which Art 4 of SA4 terminated the defendants’ liability to pay liquidated
damages.

96 In order to add detail to this summary, I set out the seven alternative
defences to the delay claim which the defendants pleaded in their statement of
defence: 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 36, para 4.2.1; cf Plaintiff’s submissions at pp
9–11, para 1.5.

(a) First, the defendants’ delivery of the vessel to the plaintiff on 22
September 2015 was not even a breach of contract because the defendants
delivered the vessel before 23 September 2015, ie before the Delivery Date as
varied and stipulated in Art 3 of SA4. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at pp 1325–1326, para 46(1).

(b) Second, there was Permissible Delay within the meaning of the Contract
entitling the defendants to extensions of time for delivery. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at pp 1326–1327, para 46(2)(c) and pp 1329–1331, para
46(6).

The defendants gave the plaintiff contractually valid notices of Permissible
Delay in March and April 2015. Accordingly, the defendants cannot be liable to
pay damages, let alone to pay liquidated damages, for the delay.

(c) Third, under the “prevention principle”, the time for the defendants to
perform their contractual obligation to deliver the vessel was set at large by
the plaintiff’s acts of prevention. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at pp 1321–1325, para 45 and p 1327, para 46(2)(d).

Three acts of prevention by the plaintiff caused the defendants’ failure to
deliver the vessel by the Cancelling Date:

(i) The plaintiff caused a delay in registering the vessel because the
plaintiff failed to provide the defendants certain information pertaining to
the OFE 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 467, section 1.21 and pp 292–293, Award at para
238.

on the vessel which was necessary for registration. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 1322, para 45(1).

(ii) The plaintiff caused the defendants delay in securing a class certificate
from the ABS. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 1322, para 45(2).

(iii) The plaintiff’s inspector, ModuSpec, arrived at the shipyard to carry
out its inspection late 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at pp 1322–1325, paras 45(3)–45(5).

and submitted its report late. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 1325, para 45(6).

The consequence was that the defendants’ only obligation was to deliver the
vessel within a time which was reasonable in all the circumstances. The
defendants complied with this obligation when it delivered the vessel on 22
September 2015.

(d) Fourth, on three grounds, the starting date for computing the defendants’
liability to pay liquidated damages had been moved contractually from 30 June
2015 (ie the Cancelling Date) to a date after 11 September 2015 (ie the date
on which SA4 terminated the defendants’ liability to pay liquidated damages):

(i) The Cancelling Date was moved contractually to 22 November 2015. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 1326, para 46(2)(a).

Article 3 of SA4 extended the Delivery Date by 146 days from 30 April 2015 to
23 September 2015. The Cancelling Date was therefore also extended by an equal
number of days, ie 146 days from 30 June 2015 to 22 November 2015.

(ii) The Cancelling Date was moved contractually to 23 September 2015. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 1326, para 46(2)(b).

That date became the Delivery Date upon execution of SA4. It is inconceivable
that the Delivery Date should be after the Cancelling Date. That would mean
that the plaintiff could have terminated the Contract under Art 12 of SA2 at
any time after 30 June 2015 and could have done so even after it entered into
SA4, even though it had agreed in SA4 to extend the Delivery Date to 23
September 2015.

(iii) The Cancelling Date was moved contractually to 15 September 2015. There
was Permissible Delay under Art 15 of SA2. As stated in the defendants’ letter
to the plaintiff dated 7 July 2015, the defendants were entitled to an
extension of time for delivery up to 15 July 2015. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at pp 44–45, para 4.2.10(d).

The Cancelling Date was accordingly extended to two months after 15 July 2015,
ie to 15 September 2015. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 1326, para 46(2)(c) and pp 1329–1331, para 46(6).

(e) Fifth, the defendants’ liability to pay liquidated damages had lapsed
before the Cancelling Date as contractually moved (see [96(d)(i)]–[96(d)(iii)]
above) arrived. Article 4 of SA4 expressly provides that “calculation of all
liquidated damages payable … under the terms of the [Contract] … including but
not limited to Art 12 of [SA2] shall cease on 11 September 2015”. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 1328, para 46(3)(b).

(f) Sixth, Art 12 of SA2 is a penalty clause and is therefore “invalid and/or
unenforceable”. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at pp 1321–1322, para 45; p 1328 at para 46(3)(b).

(g) Seventh, the plaintiff had waived its right to claim liquidated damages
when it made full payment upon delivery of the final instalment due under the
Contract and of the Modification Fee and other payments due under SA2. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at pp 1328–1329, paras 46(4)–46(5).

The IP44 claim

97 The plaintiff pleaded its IP44 claim in the arbitration as follows. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at pp 1296–1302, paras 32–40.

Section 15.2 of the SA2 Technical Agreement read with Art 3 of SA2 obliges the
defendants to equip the vessel with generators rated IP44. In breach of
contract, the defendants delivered the vessel with generators rated only IP23.
As a result, the plaintiff had to give the End-Buyer a credit of US$2m against
the purchase price of the vessel. The plaintiff is therefore entitled to
recover that US$2m from the defendants as damages for breach of contract.

98 The defendants’ defence to the IP44 claim in summary was that: (i) the
defendants were under no contractual obligation to deliver the vessel with
generators rated IP44; alternatively (ii) the plaintiff was estopped from
asserting that the defendants were under an obligation to deliver the vessel
with generators rated IP44.

99 In order to add detail to this summary, I set out the three defences to the
IP44 claim which the defendants pleaded in their statement of defence:

(a) First, the Contract does not require the defendants to deliver the vessel
with generators of any specific IP rating. The Contract requires only that the
generators satisfy the ABS’s requirements for class. Generators rated IP23 do
satisfy the ABS’s requirements for class. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at pp 1334–1335, para 55(1) and pp 1581–1585,
Defendants’ closing submissions at the arbitration (“DCS”) at paras 157–163.

(b) Second, the defendants expressly informed the plaintiff in December 2014,
shortly before a meeting between the plaintiff and the End-Buyer, at which the
defendants were also present: (i) that the generators installed in the vessel
were rated IP23, not IP44; (ii) that it was not practical to upgrade the
generators to IP44 rating; and (iii) that generators rated IP23 were fit for
purpose. The plaintiff expressly asked the defendants not to raise this issue
with the End-Buyer at the meeting so as not to jeopardise the plaintiff’s
negotiations to sell the vessel to the End-Buyer. The defendants complied with
the plaintiff’s request. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at pp 1335–1336, para 55(2).

The plaintiff thereby led the defendants to believe that the End-Buyer was
prepared to accept generators rated IP23, provided this was acceptable to the
ABS. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 1336 at para 55(3).

As a result, the plaintiff is estopped by representation from asserting that
the defendants are under an obligation to upgrade the vessel’s generators from
IP23 to IP44. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at pp 1585–1586, DCS at para 164–167.

(c) Third, and consistent with the second defence, SA2 does not require the
defendants to deliver the vessel with generators of any specific IP rating.
The SA2 Minutes of Negotiations merely reiterate the defendants’ general
obligation in Annex III of the Contract to deliver the vessel with generators
which “comply with the applicable regulatory requirements” of the ABS (see
[58] above). The SA2 Minutes of Negotiations came into existence after the SA2
Technical Agreement and supersede the specific provision of the SA2 Technical
Agreement requiring generators rated IP44 (see [75] above). Generators rated
IP23 do indeed comply with the applicable regulatory requirements of the ABS.
104

##### Foot Note 104

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at pp 1336–1339 at para 55(4).

The counterclaim

100 The defendants’ counterclaim 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 1342.

pleaded, amongst other things, that the plaintiff had required the defendants
to carry out additional works to the vessel which were outside the scope of
the Contract, even as varied by the supplemental agreements. The defendants
accordingly counterclaimed US$2.5m, being the value of these additional works.
106

##### Foot Note 106

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 1359, prayer (5).

101 The plaintiff’s defence to the counterclaim was that the defendants were
not entitled to be paid anything at all for these works because the defendants
had failed to comply with the conditions precedent for payment for additional
works which was stipulated in the Contract’s change order procedure. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 272, Award at para 155.

The award

The tribunal dismisses the claim and the counterclaim

102 The evidential hearing in the arbitration took place over nine days in May
2017. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

Defendants’ submissions at para 8.

103 The tribunal delivered its award in October 2018. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 239.

The tribunal dismissed both the delay and the IP44 claims. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 299, Award at para 261.

The tribunal also dismissed the defendants’ counterclaim. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 314, Award at para 308.

A dissent on the IP44 claim

104 One of the arbitrators issued a brief dissenting opinion. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 1176.

The dissent was confined to the majority’s decision to dismiss the IP44 claim.
The dissenting arbitrator would have held that the defendants were indeed
obliged to deliver the vessel with generators rated IP44, such an obligation
being consistent with the commercial purpose of SA2. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 1177, Award (dissenting opinion) at para 3(d).

105 The dissenting arbitrator agreed in all other respects with the majority’s
award. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 1177, Award (dissenting opinion) at para 4.

In particular, he joined the majority in dismissing the plaintiff’s delay
claim and in dismissing the defendants’ counterclaim.

106 I now turn to examine the chain of reasoning by which the tribunal arrived
at its decision to dismiss the plaintiff’s claims.

Section G of the award

107 The tribunal sets out its analysis of the facts and the parties’ cases and
its reasoning in Section G of the award. This section is headed “The
Tribunal’s Analysis and Findings” and runs from [199] to [308] of the award.
The tribunal deals with the plaintiff’s claims from [199] to [261] of the
award. It then deals with the defendants’ counterclaims from [262] to [308] of
the award.

108 Section G is divided into nine parts with the following subheadings: (i)
“Claimant’s Claim for Liquidated Damages”; 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at pp 282–283, Award at paras 199–201.

(ii) “Was the [Vessel] ready for Delivery to [the End-Buyer] on the Dates of
the Inspection; 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at pp 284–285, Award at paras 202–209.

(iii) [the End-Buyer’s] Tender; 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at pp 285–289, Award at paras 210–223.

(iv) Acceptance Test; 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at pp 289–290, Award at paras 224–228.

(v) “Has the [Plaintiff] failed to reject the Vessel in time?”; 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at pp 290–291, Award at paras 229–234.

(vi) “ABS Test and Class Certificate”; 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at pp 291–293, Award at paras 235–241.

(vii) “Tribunal’s Analysis and Findings of Fact on Negotiations of January
2015”; 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit, at pp 294–295, Award at paras 242–246.

(viii) “Tribunal’s Findings on Factual Circumstances surrounding [SA2]”; 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit, at pp 295–299, Award at paras 247–261.

and (ix) “[Defendants’] Counterclaim”. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit, at pp 299–314, Award at paras 262–308.

109 I have read the award (as I must, see [52(c)] above) with all the
generosity I can muster and with no intent whatsoever to find fault with the
tribunal. The first difficulty is that – despite an optimistic indication
given by the first heading in Section G – the tribunal does not deal with the
plaintiff’s claim in two self-contained subsections, one dealing with the
delay claim and the other dealing with the IP44 claim. The second difficulty
is that the tribunal’s headings in Section G do not allude to or evoke readily
identifiable elements of the plaintiff’s case or of the defendants’ defences.
It is therefore impossible on the face of the award to distinguish between
those findings which form part of the tribunal’s chain of reasoning on the
delay claim and those which form part of its chain of reasoning on the IP44
claim. And it is exceedingly difficult to map those findings to the essential
issues arising from the parties’ cases on both claims.

110 All that can be done is to extract the tribunal’s findings from the first
eight subsections of Section G running from [199] to [261] of the award (ie
excluding the ninth subsection, which deals only with the counterclaim) and
then attempt with generosity to arrange those findings into a coherent chain
of reasoning leading from the parties’ cases on each claim to the tribunal’s
decision to dismiss that claim.

The tribunal’s findings

111 As far as I can tell, the tribunal rested its decision to dismiss both the
plaintiff’s delay and IP44 claims on the following eleven findings.

112 At [208]–[209] of the award, under the heading “Was the [Vessel] ready for
Delivery to [the End-Buyer] on the Dates of the Inspection?”, the tribunal
found that the vessel was not ready for delivery on the dates on which
ModuSpec inspected the vessel in July 2015 (see [82] above). 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at pp 284–285, Award at paras 202–209.

113 At [216], under the heading “[The End-Buyer’s] Tender”, the tribunal found
that, the defendants were responsible for helping the plaintiff to deal with
technical aspects of the End-Buyer’s tender in December 2014 and January 2015.
125

##### Foot Note 125

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 286, Award at para 216.

114 At [220]–[222] of the award, under the same heading, the tribunal found
that the plaintiff’s own representative Mr Tan (cf [175]–[184] below) provided
supporting documents in December 2014 which showed that generators rated IP23
were fit for purpose. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 2265, line 14–p 2268, line 12.

220\. The Tribunal has noted that the Claimant's Mr Tan provided supporting
documents to show that IP23 was fit for purpose. It is hard for the Tribunal
to disregard what the Claimant itself had stated, particular (sic) in
contemporaneous documents. In the premises, there is no need for any party to
expressly demonstrate that the rating of IP23 is adequate or sufficient.

221\. The Tribunal takes the view that the documents do point to previous
tests that had been carried out in 1998 but the Tribunal takes the position
that this goes neither here nor there since the Claimant has already stated in
its own contemporaneous documents that IP23 was fit for its purpose. The
Tribunal considers that the Respondent was led to believe IP23 was
satisfactory and fit for purpose.

222\. More importantly, the Tribunal has noted that the Claimant has failed to
call any expert witness to testify on the adequacy of the IP 23 requirement,
if indeed it is the Claimant's unpleaded position that IP23 is satisfactory
but not fit for purpose.

115 At [223] of the award, under the same heading, the tribunal accepted that
the End-Buyer required the vessel’s generators to be rated IP44. The tribunal
also accepted that the plaintiff’s additional payment of US$10.46m under SA2
(see [72] above) was very possibly in part to pay the defendants to upgrade
the generators from IP23 to IP44 as specified in section 15.2 of the SA2
Technical Agreement (see [75] above). However, the tribunal concluded that the
question was academic “in light of the plaintiff’s own witness evidence that
IP23 rating was fit for purpose” (cf [175]–[184] below): 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 289, Award at paras 223.

223\. The Tribunal has noted that the End-Buyer had required the generators to
be of IP44 standard and that negotiations leading to SA2 had resulted in the
agreement to pay the [defendants] USD 10.46 million as Modification Fee. The
Tribunal comes to the view that it is very possible that the upgrade of the
[vessel’s] generators from IP23 to IP44 was a reasonable explanation why the
[defendants] agreed to incorporate this in Section 15.2 of the [SA2] Technical
Agreement. However, in the light of the [plaintiff’s] own witness evidence
stating that IP23 rating was fit for purpose, this matter is now rendered
academic.

116 At [227]–[228] of the award, under the heading “Acceptance Test”, the
tribunal found that: (i) the tests which the ABS conducted on the vessel in
December 2014 (see [65] above) were indeed Acceptance Tests within the meaning
of Art 7 of the Contract; and (ii) that the result of the Acceptance Tests had
been successful, with ABS signing off on the test report, albeit subject to
certain nonconformities which the defendants had to remedy. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 289, Award at paras 227–228.

117 At [234] of the award, under the heading “Has the [Plaintiff] failed to
reject the Vessel in Time?”, the tribunal found the defendants were not in
breach of the Contract by delivering the vessel with generators rated IP23
because the plaintiff itself had confirmed that generators rated IP23 were fit
for purpose (cf [175]–[184] below). 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 291, Award at para 234.

This finding rendered it unnecessary to resolve the disputed issue whether,
under the terms of the Contract, the plaintiff was deemed to have accepted
delivery of the vessel because it had failed to reject the vessel within 48
hours of receiving written notice of completion issued by the defendants
following the successful acceptance test in December 2014 (see [65] above):
130

##### Foot Note 130

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 291, Award at para 234.

234\. However, the whole issue pertaining to timing of rejection of the Vessel
is neither here nor there since the Tribunal has already decided that there
was no breach by the [defendants] in supplying generators of IP23 rating, as
the [plaintiff] itself had also confirmed that IP 23 was fit for purpose.

118 At [238] of the award, under the heading “ABS Test and Class Certificate”,
the tribunal found that the plaintiff had failed to respond to the defendants’
complaint in the arbitration 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 292, Award at para 236, footnote 101.

that the plaintiff had “withheld relevant vessel registration information and
OFE information from the [defendants] and that this had the effect of
preventing the [defendants] from obtaining a class certificate”. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at pp 292–293, Award at para 238.

The tribunal therefore found that “it was the [plaintiff’s] own fault for not
co-operating with the [the defendants] to obtain the class certificate”.

119 As a result, the tribunal found at [240] of the award under the same
heading that the plaintiff had “wrongfully prevented the [defendants] from
obtaining a class certificate”. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 293, Award at para 240.

120 At [245]–[246] of the award, under the heading “Tribunal’s Analysis and
Finding of Fact on Negotiations of January 2015”, the tribunal held that it
was not necessary to resolve the factual dispute as to whether the defendants
knew that the End-Buyer required generators which were rated IP44. This was
because the plaintiff had confirmed contemporaneously (cf [175]–[184] below),
and the tribunal had therefore already found as a fact, that generators rated
IP23 were fit for the plaintiff’s purpose. That made it immaterial: (i) that
the plaintiff had failed to adduce expert evidence that generators rated IP44
are different from generators rated IP23; (ii) that the defendants understood
that they had to upgrade the generators from IP23 to IP44; and (iii) that it
was common ground that the defendants delivered the vessel with generators
which were rated only IP23, not IP44: 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at pp 294–295, Award at para 246.

245\. The Claimant could have called a technical expert witness to say that
IP44 generators are different to IP23 generators, if this was indeed part of
its case. In any event, even such a step would not have assisted the Claimant
as the Tribunal had already found, as a matter of fact, that the Claimant was
content with IP23 rating (sic) generators.

246\. The pleadings by the Parties and the supporting evidence presented in
this case points to the conclusion that the Parties understood that the
[vessel’s] generators had to be upgraded from IP 23 to IP 44. It is not in
dispute between the Parties that the [vessel’s] generators were only
constructed to IP23 grade. However, the [plaintiff] had confirmed that IP23
grade was fit for its purpose. Any contradictory oral evidence given on this
point by any factual witnesses would not have any impact or effect on the
evidence and pleadings of the Parties.

[emphasis in original]

121 At [250] of the award, under the heading “Tribunal's Finding on Factual
Circumstances surrounding [SA2]”, the tribunal accepted the defendants’
submission that “it is not unusual for a vessel to be delivered even if there
are minor defects or deficiencies because the vessel is under warranty and
such minor defects or deficiencies can be rectified either before the vessel
leaves the yard or during the warranty period”. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 296, Award at para 250.

122 At [255] of the award, under the same heading, the tribunal held that the
plaintiff had failed to prove that any defect in the vessel was “such a
serious defect at the material time that it renders the [vessel] completely
obsolete”. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 297, Award at para 255 read with p 296, Award at
para 252.

Further, the plaintiff’s interests were protected by the defendants’
contractual obligation to attend to and remedy defective workmanship and
materials during the vessel’s warranty period. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 297, Award at para 256.

Accordingly, the plaintiff’s complaints about minor defects in the vessel were
immaterial to the issues in the arbitration. 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 297, Award at para 257.

123 The phrase “completely obsolete” in [255] of the award is a curious choice
of words. It was never the plaintiff’s case in the arbitration that the IP23
rating of the generators rendered the vessel “obsolete”, ie out of date. In
the paragraphs immediately before [255], however, the tribunal expounds on the
well-known classification of contractual terms into conditions, warranties and
innominate terms and the consequences of that classification. In that context,
therefore, I read the tribunal’s finding at [255] of the award generously as a
finding that the plaintiff had failed to prove that any of the defects in the
vessel rendered it so completely useless as to amount to a repudiatory breach
of the Contract. But it was never the plaintiff’s case in the arbitration that
the defendants had committed a repudiatory breach of the Contract.

124 At [260]–[261] of the award, the tribunal concluded its analysis by
formally dismissing both of the plaintiff’s claims. The tribunal found,
further, that the dismissal of the plaintiff’s claims made it unnecessary to
consider whether the defendants were entitled to an extension of time to
deliver the vessel: 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 299, Award at paras 260–261.

260\. … The way in which Article 8 of SA2 has been drafted means that if the
[vessel] passes the test at the time of inspection conducted by the
[plaintiff], it would be deemed to have passed the test even if there were
minor defects or deficiencies. In the premises, the Tribunal dismisses each
and all of the [plaintiff’s] heads of claims, which include:

a. The sum of United States Dollars Three Million Six Hundred Fifty Thousand
(USD 3,650,000.00) being Liquidated Damages arising from the [defendants]
failure to deliver the Vessel within the stipulated date(s) accordance with
the terms and conditions of the ... Contract;

b. The sum of United States Dollars Two Million (USD 2,000,000.00) being
damages arising from the [defendants’] breach of their obligations to provide,
build, fabricate, construct, equip, complete, test, commission, sell and/or
deliver to the Claimant the Vessel in accordance to the Specifications in
accordance with Article 3 of [SA2] of the … Contract;

c. Interest as applicable.

261\. Having decided against the [plaintiff] on each separate section of the
[plaintiff’s] heads of claims, the Tribunal concludes that the [plaintiff] is
not entitled to liquidated damages. In the premises, the Tribunal does not
need to deal with the issue of extension of time. The Tribunal therefore
dismisses the [plaintiff’s] claims for USD 3,650,000 for liquidated damages,
and USD 2,000,000 for damages arising from alleged breach of the [defendants’]
obligations to provide, build, fabricate and construct etc. the Vessel.

The tribunal’s reasoning on the counterclaim

125 The tribunal then turns, in the last subsection of Section G, to consider
the defendants’ counterclaim. In dismissing the defendants’ counterclaim, 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at pp 299–314, Award at paras 262–308.

in so far as it is relevant for present purposes, the tribunal made the
following findings:

(a) At [282] of the award, the tribunal found that the defendants had indeed
delayed in delivering the vessel under the Contract. 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 313, Award at para 282.

(b) At [295] of the award, the tribunal held that SA4 did not extend either
the Delivery Date or the Cancelling Date. 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 311, Award at para 295.

(c) At [301]–[303] of the award, the tribunal held that the defendants were
not entitled to rely on Permissible Delay because they had failed to comply
with the contractual conditions precedent for invoking that provision. 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 313, Award at paras 302–303.

126 The plaintiff argues, with considerable force, that these findings on the
counterclaim are completely irreconcilable with the tribunal’s decision to
dismiss the delay claim.

Tribunal’s assertion that it considered all the submissions

127 The defendants submit, on both the delay claim and the IP44 claim, that
the tribunal did in fact apply its mind to the essential issues arising from
the parties’ arguments. 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

Defendants’ submissions at pp 31–32, para 69.

For this submission, the defendants rely on [126] of the award: 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 265, Award at para 126.

126\. Both Parties served voluminous submissions and documents. The Tribunal
has considered in detail such documents and submissions. Any omission to
specifically mention any of the arguments advanced by the Parties or any
submission, document or correspondence does not suggest that these have not
been considered.

128 I do not accept that a general and self-serving paragraph of this nature
can operate, in itself, to immunise an award against an allegation that the
tribunal has breached the fair hearing rule. Whether a tribunal has breached
the fair hearing rule is a matter of substance, not form. When a court has to
assess whether an alleged breach of the fair hearing rule has substance, the
law already requires the court to observe the doctrine of minimal curial
intervention and to give the tribunal the benefit of a generous reading of the
award. The law does not go so far as to allow a self-serving, boilerplate
paragraph such as this to conclude the assessment in the tribunal’s favour.

129 I therefore give this paragraph no weight in my analysis of the
plaintiff’s challenge. I begin the analysis with the alleged breach of the
fair hearing rule in the tribunal’s decision to dismiss the delay claim.

The delay claim

The plaintiff’s case

130 The plaintiff’s case on the delay claim is that the tribunal committed six
breaches of natural justice in dismissing this claim:

(a) The tribunal did not determine any of the defences raised by the
defendants when it dismissed the delay claim. 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

Plaintiff’s submissions at p 21.

(b) The tribunal did not determine any of the issues referred to it for
determination. 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

Plaintiff’s submissions at p 25.

(c) The tribunal decided issues that were not contemplated or submitted to it
by the parties. 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

Plaintiff’s submissions at p 29.

(d) There is no nexus between the chain of reasoning which the tribunal
adopted and the cases which the parties advanced. 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

Plaintiff’s submissions at p 39.

(e) The tribunal had regard to the parties’ pleaded case and submissions in
the most superficial sense and failed to direct its judicial mind to the
merits of the arguments. 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

Plaintiff’s submissions at p 45.

(f) The tribunal adopted a view which is wholly at odds with the established
evidence. 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

Plaintiff’s submissions at p 53.

131 I confine my analysis on the delay claim to the plaintiff’s allegations
that: (i) there is no nexus between the tribunal’s chain of reasoning and the
parties’ cases on the delay claim (the fourth alleged breach of natural
justice); and (ii) the tribunal failed to apply its mind to the parties’
arguments (the second part of the fifth alleged breach of natural justice). In
my view, it is these alleged breaches which most accurately capture the gist
of the plaintiff’s complaint on the delay claim. This is also how the
defendants perceive the plaintiff’s case. 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

Defendants’ submissions at p 31, para 68.

I consider that the first, second and third alleged breaches add nothing to
the plaintiff’s case on the fourth alleged breach and the second part of the
fifth alleged breach. And I accept the defendants’ submission that the first
part of the fifth alleged breach and the sixth alleged breach amount to an
impermissible attempt to seek a review of the award on the merits. 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

Defendants’ submissions at p 39, para 81.

132 The plaintiff submits that the tribunal dismissed the delay claim on the
basis of four findings, none of which have any nexus to the cases which the
parties advanced in the arbitration: 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

Plaintiff’s submissions at pp 12–13, para 1.7

(a) The vessel was not ready for delivery to the plaintiff and the End-Buyer
when the ModuSpec inspection took place (see [112] above). 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at pp 284–285, Award at paras 202–209.

(b) The defendants conducted a successful Acceptance Test of the vessel within
the meaning of Art 7 of the Contract in December 2014 (see [116] above). 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at pp 289–290, Award at paras 224–228.

(c) The defendants were not obliged to deliver to the plaintiff a fully
completed vessel; it sufficed if the defendants delivered a vessel which was
substantially complete (see [124] above). 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at pp 298–299, Award at paras 258–260.

(d) The plaintiff wrongfully prevented the defendants from obtaining a class
certificate for the vessel (see [118]–[119] above). 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at pp 291–293, Award at paras 235–241.

133 The plaintiff submits that the first three of these findings have no
conceivable nexus to the defendants’ case on the delay claim. The plaintiff
accepts that the fourth finding could be said to have some conceivable nexus
to the defendants’ case, because it is arguably a finding connected to the
prevention principle (see [96(c)] above). But the plaintiff submits that the
tribunal failed to apply its mind to the essential issue of causation in its
analysis of the parties’ arguments on the prevention principle.

The defendants’ case

134 The defendants’ case is that a generous reading of the award shows that
the tribunal’s chain of reasoning on the delay claim does have a nexus to the
prevention principle. The tribunal found that the plaintiff had withheld from
the defendants information pertaining to the vessel’s registration and the
OFE, and held that the plaintiff had thereby “wrongfully” prevented the
defendants from obtaining a class certificate (see [118]–[119] above).
Therefore, the tribunal must have applied its mind to and accepted that the
defendants had established their case on the prevention principle. 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

Defendants’ submission at pp 34–35, paras 75–76.

The breach of the fair hearing rule

The defendants rely only on the prevention principle

135 The defendants’ case on the delay claim is that the tribunal’s chain of
reasoning has a nexus to the prevention principle. The defendants do not
suggest that the tribunal’s chain of reasoning has any nexus to any other of
the defendants’ defences. The defendants therefore concede by implication that
the tribunal’s chain of reasoning on the delay claim has no nexus to any of
the defendants’ other defences.

136 The defendants’ case is understandable, constrained as it is by the terms
of the award. There is no sign at all in the award that the tribunal adopted
as part of its chain of reasoning on the delay claim any aspect of the
defendants’ other six defences. Thus, there is no mention in the award
whatsoever of the sixth defence (penalty clause, see [96(f)] above) or the
seventh defence (waiver, see [96(g)] above). Further, as the plaintiff points
out, the tribunal’s categorical and definitive findings in dismissing the
counterclaim (see [125] above) are wholly irreconcilable with the tribunal
adopting any aspect of the defendants’ three other defences as part of its
chain of reasoning. First, the tribunal found on the counterclaim that the
defendants were in breach of the Contract for delivering the vessel late. 160

##### Foot Note 160

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 307, Award at para 282.

That finding amounts to a rejection of the first defence (no breach, see
[96(a)] above). Second, the tribunal found that the defendants had failed to
invoke the Permissible Delay provisions of SA4. 161

##### Foot Note 161

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 313, Award at paras 302–303.

That finding amounts to a rejection of the second defence (extension of time,
see [96(b)] above). Finally, the tribunal found that SA4 did not operate
contractually to extend either the Delivery Date or the Cancelling Date. 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 311, Award at para 295.

That finding amounts to a rejection of the fourth and fifth defences
(Cancelling Date had moved contractually, see [96(d)] and [96(e)] above).

The prevention principle

137 To succeed in this application, therefore, the plaintiff need only show
that the tribunal breached the fair hearing rule in adopting the prevention
principle as an issue in its chain of reasoning on the delay claim.

138 In their opening statement in the arbitration, the defendants framed their
case on the prevention principle as follows: 163

##### Foot Note 163

×

Defendants’ affidavit at p 1307, para 102.

102\. In this regard, the law relating to the prevention principle has been
pithily summarised very recently by the leading judgment of Jackson LJ in the
English Court of Appeal in the following terms:

"If (a) an employer delays a contractor … and (b) there is no mechanism for
extending the time allowed for completion of that contractor's … work, then
time becomes at large. The contractor or sub-contractor is no longer required
to complete by a specified date or within the contractually specified period.
There is, ordinarily, substituted an obligation to complete within a
reasonable time." (Carillion Construction Ltd v. Woods Bagot Europe Ltd (2017)
170 ConLR 1 at [54]).

139 On the defendants’ own case, therefore, adopting the prevention principle
as part of its chain of reasoning required the tribunal to ask itself three
questions: (i) did the plaintiff commit an act of prevention as alleged (see
[96(c)] above); (ii) if so, is there a mechanism under the Contract (as varied
by the supplemental agreements) for the defendants to claim an extension of
time for delivery of the vessel arising from that act of prevention; (c) if
not, did that act of prevention cause, even in part, the defendants’ failure
to deliver the vessel by 30 April 2015. In other words, the tribunal had to
find that the defendants had established an act of prevention by the plaintiff
for which the defendants were not entitled to seek an extension of time and
which caused the defendants’ failure to deliver the vessel by 30 April 2015.

140 The plaintiff contested the causation point in its written closing
submissions and reply submissions in the arbitration. 164

##### Foot Note 164

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at pp 1675–1699, paras 89–148, at pp 1784–1788, 1938,
2006 and 2037–2039.

The case which the plaintiff advanced was that, even if the plaintiff had
committed acts of prevention, the defendants had failed to prove that any of
those acts lay on the defendants’ critical path to delivering the vessel by 30
June 2015. 165

##### Foot Note 165

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at pp 1675–1676, paras 90–91, at p 1766, para 371, and
at pp 1784–1788, 1938, 2006 and 2037– 2039.

Thus, it was part of the plaintiff’s case in response to the defendants’
reliance on the prevention principle that none of these following alleged acts
of prevention caused any part of the defendants’ delay in delivering the
vessel: (i) the late provision of vessel registration documents; 166

##### Foot Note 166

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at pp 1684–1687, paras 107–119.

(ii) the late ABS certification; 167

##### Foot Note 167

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at pp 1687–1698, paras 120–144.

and (iii) the late ModuSpec inspection. 168

##### Foot Note 168

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at pp 1698–1699, paras 145–148.

On that basis, the plaintiff’s case was that the defendants were indeed liable
to pay liquidated damages for delay.

141 Of the three questions which the defendants’ defence raised (see [139]
above), the tribunal found expressly on the first question that the plaintiff
had “wrongfully” 169

##### Foot Note 169

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 293, Award at para 240.

prevented the defendants from obtaining a class certificate for the vessel
(see [118] above). Of course, it is true as a matter of law that an act of
prevention may be quite legitimate conduct and does not have to amount to a
breach of contract (Trollope & Colls Ltd v North West Metropolitan Regional
Hospital Board [1973] 1 WLR 601 at 607). Nevertheless, I read the award
generously and accept the defendants’ submission that this finding of
“wrongful”  
prevention is a finding that the plaintiff did commit at least one act of
prevention.

142 There is no sign in the award that the tribunal considered the second
question at all. But the plaintiff does not rely on this failure as a breach
of natural justice. I therefore need not analyse it further.

143 On the third question, the tribunal summarised the defendants’ reliance on
the prevention principle thus at [158] of the award: “[The defendants] aver
that the Vessel was not ready for delivery … due to the [the plaintiff’s]
default …”. That summary of course has the plaintiff’s causation point
embedded in it, through the use of the words “due to”. But the tribunal does
not take the causation point any further than this implicit acknowledgement of
its existence.

144 The defendants argue that the tribunal did apply its mind to the causation
point 170

##### Foot Note 170

×

Defendants’ submissions at para 80(1).

at [236]–[237] of the award:

236\. The [defendants] have complained that:

"The [plaintiff] also sought to put pressure on ABS to qualify its approval
and to retest the Vessel. However, the Tribunal should note that from the
completion of the Acceptance Test on 20 December 2014 up till the time the
class certificate was issued on 2 July 2015, ABS did not carry out any other
acceptance test or SIT for the Vessel. The [plaintiff] also withheld relevant
vessel registration information and OFE information from the [defendants]
which had the effect of preventing the [defendants] from obtaining a class
certificate.”

237\. The [plaintiff] counters this point by reminding the Tribunal that when
one looks at the documents disclosed by the [defendants] alone, there were 44
discrete items that were outstanding works under the…Contract unaffected by
the additional technical requirements under SA2. The Tribunal has noted from
the evidence that these uncompleted works were finally closed over a period
from 13 April 2015 to 10 August 2015.

[emphasis added]

145 The plaintiff submits that these paragraphs do not show that the tribunal
identified and applied its mind to the causation point. I accept the
plaintiff’s submission. On the plaintiff’s case in the arbitration, what
triggered the defendants’ liability to pay liquidated damages was the
defendants’ delivering the vessel after both the Delivery Date and the
Cancelling Date had passed without any right to an extension of time. In these
paragraphs, the tribunal finds as a fact that construction of the vessel was
complete no earlier than 10 August 2015. This amounts to a finding that the
vessel was ready for delivery only on or after 10 August 2015. That is a date
after the Delivery Date and the Cancelling Date had both passed. Even on a
generous reading, nowhere in these paragraphs does the tribunal apply its mind
to whether the plaintiff’s acts of prevention caused the vessel to be ready
for delivery only after the Delivery Date and the Cancelling Date had passed.
There is no sign anywhere in the award that the tribunal identified, let alone
applied its mind to, the third question, specifically, whether the plaintiff’s
acts of prevention were on the critical path to achieving delivery by the
Cancelling Date and thereby caused the defendants’ delay.

146 An essential issue arising from the parties’ arguments on the prevention
principle 171

##### Foot Note 171

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 1686, para 114, at p 1687, para 119, at p 1688,
para 122, at p 1697, para 143, at pp 1698–1699, para 146, at p 1766, para 371,
and at pp 1784 and 2006.

was the plaintiff’s case that the defendants had failed to adduce any evidence
whatsoever of the critical path analysis necessary to establish the
plaintiff’s acts of prevention as the cause of the delay. The tribunal wholly
failed to identify this essential evidential issue too, let alone to apply its
mind to it.

147 The defendants do not point to any other paragraphs in the award as
evidence that the tribunal identified the plaintiff’s causation point or
applied its mind to it. Indeed, when dealing with the defendants’ counterclaim
later in the award, the tribunal expressly rejected the application of the
prevention principle. The defendants’ counterclaim advanced all of its
defences to the delay claim, including the prevention principle, by way of
counterclaim. It was also part of the defendants’ counterclaim, therefore,
that the plaintiff’s acts of prevention had set at large the time for the
defendants to deliver the vessel. 172

##### Foot Note 172

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 1327, para 46(2)(d), at p 1334, para 53(4), at p
1358, para 103, at p 1360, prayer (6)(d), at p 1553, para 81(3), and at p
1569, paras 119–120.

As relief in the counterclaim, the defendants sought a series of declarations
which were the mirror image of their defences to the delay claim. One of the
declarations sought was a declaration that time for delivery under the
Contract had been set at large. At [308] and [313] of the award, the tribunal
dealt with the defendants’ prayers for relief in its counterclaim. The
tribunal expressly dismissed every single one of these prayers. This included,
at [308(vi)(d)] and [313(f)] of the award, the defendants’ prayer for a
declaration that time had been set at large. As the tribunal said at [308]:
173

##### Foot Note 173

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 315, Award at para 308(vi).

(vi) Further, the Tribunal dismisses all of the additional declarations below
that have been sought by the [defendants]:

(a) The Cancelling…Date was extended to 22 November 2015, or such other date
as the Tribunal may determine, by virtue of the agreed extension of the
Delivery Date to 21 September 2015; or alternatively

(b) Prior to the agreement of [SA4], the [defendants] were entitled to an
extension of time to the Delivery Date to 15 July 2015 or alternatively mid
August or such date to be determined by the Tribunal and a commensurate
extension of time to the Cancellation Date to 15 September 2015, and that the
Cancellation Date was therefore 15 September 2015 or later upon the agreement
of [SA4]; or alternatively

(c) On a proper construction of [SA4], the Cancelling…Date was 23 September
2015; or alternatively

(d) Time under the [Contract] was at large.

[Emphasis in italics in original. Emphasis in underline added.]

148 The tribunal’s decision to dismiss the defendants’ counterclaim in so far
as it relied on the prevention principle is wholly inconsistent with the
defendants’ submission on the import of [236]–[237] of the award.

Conclusion

149 In conclusion, I find that the chain of reasoning by which the tribunal
arrived at its decision to dismiss the delay claim has no nexus to any of the
defendants’ defences. As the defendants implicitly concede, the only defence
which could arguably have had a nexus to the tribunal’s chain of reasoning was
the prevention principle. 174

##### Foot Note 174

×

Defendants’ submissions at p 36, para 78.

However, the tribunal denied the plaintiff natural justice in relying on this
defence because it failed completely to identify for determination, let alone
apply its mind to determine, an essential issue arising from the parties’
arguments on this defence: the issue of causation.

150 I therefore find it an inescapable inference that the tribunal breached
the fair hearing rule when it relied on the prevention principle to dismiss
the plaintiff’s delay claim.

151 I will deal with the third and fourth John Holland elements with respect
to the delay claim after analysing the IP44 claim.

The IP44 claim

The plaintiff’s case

152 The plaintiff’s case on the IP44 claim is that the tribunal committed five
breaches of natural justice in dismissing this claim:

(a) The tribunal did not determine any of the defences raised by the
defendants when dismissing the IP44 claim. 175

##### Foot Note 175

×

Plaintiff’s submissions at p 63.

(b) The tribunal did not determine any of the issues advanced by the parties
in the arbitration. 176

##### Foot Note 176

×

Plaintiff’s submissions at p 65.

(c) The tribunal decided issues that were not contemplated or submitted to it
by the parties. 177

##### Foot Note 177

×

Plaintiff’s submissions at p 72.

(d) There is no nexus between the chain of reasoning which the tribunal
adopted and the case which the parties advanced before the tribunal. 178

##### Foot Note 178

×

Plaintiff’s submissions at p 75.

(e) The tribunal adopted a view wholly at odds with the established evidence
adduced by the parties. 179

##### Foot Note 179

×

Plaintiff’s submissions at p 76.

153 I confine my analysis to the plaintiff’s allegation that there is no nexus
between the tribunal’s chain of reasoning and the parties’ cases on the IP44
claim, ie the fourth alleged breach of natural justice. In my view, it is this
alleged breach which most accurately captures the gist of the plaintiff’s
complaint about the tribunal’s failure to accord the plaintiff natural justice
in dismissing the IP44 claim. I consider that the first, second and third
alleged breaches add nothing to the plaintiff’s case on the fourth alleged
breach. And I accept the defendants’ submission that the fifth alleged breach
amounts to an impermissible attempt to seek a review of the award on the
merits. 180

##### Foot Note 180

×

Defendants’ submissions at pp 48–49, para 95.

154 The plaintiff submits that the tribunal dismissed the IP44 claim on the
basis of three findings, none of which have any nexus to either party’s cases
on that claim: 181

##### Foot Note 181

×

Plaintiff’s submissions at p 7, para 1.20.

(a) The defendants were responsible for helping the plaintiff deal with the
technical aspects of selling the vessel to the End-Buyer through the End-
Buyer’s tender exercise (see [113] above). 182

##### Foot Note 182

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at pp 285–286, Award at paras 210–216.

(b) The plaintiff led the defendants “to believe that [generators rated] IP23
[were] satisfactory and fit for purpose” (see [221] of the Award cited at
[114] above). 183

##### Foot Note 183

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at pp 287–289, Award at paras 218–223.

(c) The fact that the vessel’s generators were rated IP23 was a minor defect
which did not render the vessel “completely obsolete” so as to amount to a
repudiatory breach of the Contract (see [122]–[123] above). 184

##### Foot Note 184

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 297, Award at paras 254–257.

155 The plaintiff submits that the first and third findings (those at [154(a)]
and [154(c)] above) have no conceivable nexus to the parties’ cases on this
claim. The only finding which could be said to have some conceivable nexus to
the defendants’ case on this claim is the second finding (at [154(b)]). That
finding is arguably, on its face, a finding connected to estoppel, ie the
defendants’ second defence (see [99(b)] above). But the plaintiff submits
that, in its chain of reasoning on the estoppel defence, the tribunal failed
to apply its mind to an essential issue arising from the parties’ arguments,
ie whether the plaintiff made a representation to the defendants that
generators rated IP23 were fit for the End-Buyer’s purpose.

The defendants’ case

156 The defendants’ case is that a generous reading of the award shows that
the tribunal’s chain of reasoning in dismissing the IP44 claim has a nexus to
the first and second defences which the defendants advanced in the arbitration
to that claim (see [99(a)] and [99(b)] above). First, in finding that “there
was no breach by the [the defendants] in supplying generators of IP23 rating”
at [234] of the award (see [117] above), the majority must be taken to have
accepted the defence that the Contract, even as varied by SA2, did not oblige
the defendants to deliver the vessel with generators rated IP44. 185

##### Foot Note 185

×

Defendants’ submissions at p 52, para 98(2).

Second, in finding that the defendants “were led to believe that [generators
rated] IP23 [were] satisfactory and fit for purpose” at [221] of the award
(see [114] above), the majority must be taken to have considered and accepted
the defendants defence that the plaintiff was estopped from insisting that the
defendants were obliged to upgrade the vessel’s generators from IP23 to IP44
rating. 186

##### Foot Note 186

×

Defendants’ submissions at p 48, para 94.

The breach of the fair hearing rule

157 I now consider in turn each of the defendants’ three defences (see [99]
above) to see if the tribunal’s chain of reasoning has any nexus to that
defence.

First defence: no breach of contract

158 The first defence is that the defendants were not in breach of the
Contract in delivering the vessel with generators rated IP23. 187

##### Foot Note 187

×

Defendants’ submissions at pp 51–52, para 98(1).

159 The tribunal’s chain of reasoning has no nexus to the defendants’ first
defence. I say that for two reasons. First, the majority expressly found at
[223] of the award (see [115] above), when discussing the End-Buyer’s tender
process, that the End-Buyer required the generators to be rated IP44. Second,
the majority expressly found at [246] of the award that, because of the
meetings with the End-Buyer in January 2015, “the Parties understood that the
[vessel]’s generators had to be upgraded from IP 23 to IP 44”. These findings,
taken together, amount to a finding that the defendants understood that they
were under an obligation to upgrade (hence “… had to be upgraded …”) the
generators from IP23 to IP44 to meet the End-Buyer’s requirements. This can
only mean that the tribunal rejected the first defence. That in turn excludes
any nexus between the tribunal’s chain of reasoning in dismissing the IP44
claim and the first defence.

160 The defendants argue that the majority accepted the first defence at [234]
of the award (see [117] above). In this paragraph, the majority found that
“there was no breach by the [defendants] in supplying generators rated IP23,
as the [plaintiff] … confirmed that IP 23 was fit for purpose” [emphasis
added]. The defendants’ case is that the tribunal’s use of the phrase “no
breach” establishes a nexus to the defendants’ first defence. 188

##### Foot Note 188

×

Defendants’ submissions at pp 51–52, para 98(1).

That is because only the first defence turns on whether there is a breach of
contract. The second defence is the defence of estoppel. Estoppel is a plea of
confession and avoidance which assumes a breach but argues that the estoppel
precludes the plaintiff from relying on the breach to secure a remedy. A
finding of “no breach” cannot logically have a nexus to the defendants’ second
defence.

161 I do not accept the defendants’ submission. I cannot give the phrase “no
breach” in [234] a literal interpretation. Doing so would mean that the
majority found both that the defendants understood that the vessel’s
generators “had to be upgraded” from IP23 to IP44 to meet the End-Buyer’s
requirements (at [223] and [246]) and that there was “no breach” by the
defendants in delivering the vessel with generators rated only IP23 (at
[234]). I must assume in the majority’s favour that they intended to deliver
an award which was coherent and internally consistent. The only way to achieve
that is to construe the words “no breach” at [234] liberally as meaning “no
liability to the plaintiff” rather than literally as meaning “no breach of
contract by the defendants”. This means that [234] of the award can have a
nexus only to the second defence. A nexus to the first defence renders the
award internally inconsistent and incoherent.

162 There are two other paragraphs in the award which I find have a nexus to
the defendants’ second defence. First, at [223], the majority observed that
the plaintiff’s “own witness evidence [stated] that IP23 rating was fit for
purpose”. This is an observation not a finding. It is capable of having a
nexus to the defendants’ first and second defences. But for the same reasons I
have given in relation to [234], construing [223] as having a nexus to the
first defence renders the award internally inconsistent and incoherent. To
avoid that outcome, I must again construe [223] as having a nexus to the
defendants’ second defence rather than to the first defence.

163 Second, at [245], the majority claimed to reiterate a finding (albeit one
not found elsewhere in the award following the correction, see [175]–[184]
below) that the plaintiff “was content with” generators rated IP23. Once
again, to render the award internally consistent and coherent, I must construe
this paragraph such that it has a nexus to the defendants’ second defence
rather than to their first defence.

164 I therefore analyse these two paragraphs ([223] and [245]) when I come to
the second defence.

Second defence: estoppel

165 The second defence is that the plaintiff is precluded by an estoppel from
insisting that the defendants comply with any obligation to deliver the vessel
with generators rated IP44 instead of IP23. The defendants’ case on estoppel
shifted somewhat over the course of the arbitration, both as to the species of
estoppel relied upon as well as the substance of the estoppel.

166 The statement of defence does not plead a specific species of estoppel. It
simply pleads that the plaintiff asked the defendants not to raise the issue
of the generators’ IP rating during the meeting with the End-Buyer in January
2015 and that the plaintiff is therefore estopped (it is not explained how)
from complaining about the IP rating of the generators. 189

##### Foot Note 189

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at pp 1312–1313, para 14 and pp 1335–1336, para 55(2).

The statement of defence also pleads that the plaintiff led the defendants to
believe that the End-Buyer was prepared to accept generators rated IP23 if
that was acceptable to the ABS. 190

##### Foot Note 190

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 1336, para 55(3).

The defendants do not, however, plead that this gave rise to an estoppel, let
alone specify the species of estoppel it gave rise to.

167 The defendants’ opening statement made no reference to estoppel
whatsoever. It advanced only the first defence, asserting that delivering the
vessel with generators rated IP23 was not a breach of the Contract. 191

##### Foot Note 191

×

Defendants’ affidavit at pp 1320–1325.

168 The defendants’ case in their closing submissions was that the species of
estoppel they were relying on was a promissory estoppel. Accordingly, the
defendants submitted to the tribunal that they had to prove three elements to
succeed on the second defence: 192

##### Foot Note 192

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 1585, para 165.

(a) That the plaintiff made a clear and unequivocal promise to the defendants,
whether by words or by conduct, that the plaintiff would not insist on its
strict legal right to have the generators upgraded to IP44.

(b) That the defendants relied on the plaintiff’s promise.

(c) That the defendants suffered detriment by relying on the plaintiff’s
promise.

169 The defendants’ submissions as to the substance of the estoppel were as
follows:

(a) The plaintiff led the defendants to believe that both the plaintiff and
the End-Buyer would accept generators rated IP23 provided that this was
acceptable to the ABS. 193

##### Foot Note 193

×

Defendants’ submissions at pp 46–47, para 91; Plaintiff’s affidavit at pp
1312–1313, para 14 and p 1522, para 21(4).

Further, the plaintiff expressly asked the defendants not to raise the IP
rating of the vessel’s generators with the End-Buyer at a meeting in January
2015 so as not to jeopardise the plaintiff’s negotiations to sell the vessel
on to the End-Buyer. The plaintiff made this request “on the basis that the
[plaintiff] would not insist on the generators being upgraded to IP44 given
that the [defendants] had already informed the [plaintiff] that such an
upgrade was neither practical nor realistic”. 194

##### Foot Note 194

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at pp 1528–1529, para 40 and p 1586, para 166(1).

(b) The defendants relied on the plaintiff’s representation by duly not
raising the issue of the generators’ IP rating with the End-Buyer, as a result
of which the plaintiff succeeded in on-selling the vessel to the End-Buyer.
195

##### Foot Note 195

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 1586, para 166(2).

(c) The defendants suffered a detriment in that they lost the opportunity to
earn additional revenue from upgrading the vessel’s generators from IP23 to
IP44 rating. 196

##### Foot Note 196

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 1586, para 166(3).

As a result, the defendants submitted, the plaintiff was permanently precluded
from enforcing its strict contractual right to have the plaintiff deliver the
vessel with generators rated IP44. 197

##### Foot Note 197

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 1529, para 40, at p 1585, para 164 and at p 1586,
para 167.

170 The plaintiff took issue in the arbitration with two elements of this
defence. First, the plaintiff submitted that the defendants had failed to
prove that the plaintiff made any representation of any sort at any time to
the defendants about the IP rating of the generators. 198

##### Foot Note 198

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 1731, para 268, at p 1827, para 59(4), at p 2051,
para 401 and p 2057, para 414.

Second, the plaintiff submitted that the defendants had failed to prove that
the actual generators rated IP23 which the defendants had installed on the
vessel were in fact accepted by the ABS. 199

##### Foot Note 199

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at pp 1731–1734, para 269–278 and p 1472.

171 The tribunal’s chain of reasoning in the award has no nexus to the
defendants’ second defence. To explain my reasons for this conclusion, it is
necessary to: (i) revisit [220] to [246] of the award and the tribunal’s
original chain of reasoning there, and (ii) examine the effect which the
tribunal’s corrections had on that original chain of reasoning.

(1) The tribunal’s original chain of reasoning

172 The tribunal’s original chain of reasoning rested entirely on an email
from Mr Tan in December 2014 (see [114] above). Mr Tan’s email enclosed
supporting documents to show that generators rated IP23 were “fit for
purpose”. At [220] of the award, the tribunal refers to this email and
identifies Mr Tan as a representative of the plaintiff. On the basis of that
identification, the majority attributes the supporting documents attached to
Mr Tan’s email to the plaintiff.

173 The tribunal held that these supporting documents, having been sent by the
plaintiff’s representative to the defendants contemporaneously, ie in December
2014, sufficed in themselves to prove that generators rated IP23 were fit for
the plaintiff’s purpose (at [220]–[221] of the award, see [114] above).
Relying on these documents, the tribunal concluded that the plaintiff had
indeed led the defendants to believe that generators rated IP23 were both
adequate in a general sense to meet the ABS’s requirements for a vessel of
this class and fit in a specific sense for the plaintiff’s particular purpose
in accordance with the Contract. 200

##### Foot Note 200

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 288, Award at paras 220–222.

174 The tribunal held, further, that these supporting documents – emanating as
they did from the plaintiff itself and emanating contemporaneously in December
2014 – rendered all the following issues academic for the following reasons:

(a) Whether generators rated IP23 are not fit for the plaintiff’s purpose
despite being adequate for a vessel of this class “is neither here nor there
since the [plaintiff] has already stated in its own contemporaneous documents
that IP23 was fit for its purpose” (at [221]–[222] of the award, see [114]
above).

(b) Whether: (i) generators rated IP23 are fit for the End-Buyer’s purpose;
(ii) the defendants were obliged to upgrade the generators from IP23 to IP44;
and (iii) this is why the plaintiff agreed to pay an additional US$10.46m to
the defendants under SA2 are all rendered academic “in the light of the
[plaintiff’s] own witness evidence stating that IP23 rating was fit for
purpose” (at [223] of the award see [115] above).

(c) Whether the plaintiff had rejected delivery of the vessel late is “neither
here nor there since “the [plaintiff] itself had … confirmed that IP 23 was
fit for purpose …”. Therefore, the defendants were not in breach of the
Contract by supplying generators rated IP23 (at [234] of the award (see [117]
above).

(d) It was immaterial that both the plaintiff and the defendants understood
that the vessel’s generators had to be upgraded from IP 23 to IP 44 because
“the [plaintiff] had confirmed that IP23 grade was fit for its purpose” (at
[246] of the award, see [120] above).

(2) The tribunal misidentified Mr Tan

175 There is one difficulty with the majority’s original chain of reasoning.
It is based on an entirely false premise. It is undisputed that Mr Tan was in
fact a member of the defendants’ staff, 201

##### Foot Note 201

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at pp 1223–1224, para 45 and p 1198, Respondent’s
comments on para 220.

not the plaintiff’s. The tribunal was therefore undisputedly and indisputably
in error in attributing his supporting documents to the plaintiff at [220] of
the award. 202

##### Foot Note 202

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 1188, para 40; p 1198 referring to Award at [220].

The dissenting arbitrator relied on the majority’s error in this paragraph as
one of his reasons for his decision to dissent on the IP44 claim. 203

##### Foot Note 203

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 1177, Award (dissenting opinion), para 3(e).

176 The majority’s error is inexplicable. Mr Tan is mentioned by name only in
two paragraphs of the award: [219] and [220]. At [219(d)], 204

##### Foot Note 204

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 288.

just a few lines above [220], the majority correctly identifies Mr Tan as a
representative of the ship builders, ie the defendants. No doubt [219(a)] to
[219(d)] do not originate from the tribunal. It is a verbatim reproduction of
paragraphs 20(1) to 20(4) of the defendants’ closing submissions. 205

##### Foot Note 205

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 1520–1521, paras 20(1)–20(4).

The majority’s error is inexplicable because I must assume in the majority’s
favour that they applied their mind to these submissions rather than simply
cutting and pasting them unthinkingly into the award.

177 It is necessary at this point to say a few words about Mr Tan and his role
in the arbitration.

(3) Mr Tan’s role in the arbitration

178 Mr Tan did not give evidence for either party in the arbitration. 206

##### Foot Note 206

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 1188, para 40.

But in December 2014, in the course of the parties’ discussions (see [64]
above), Mr Tan sent an email to the plaintiff on behalf of the defendants. In
the email, he asserted that generators rated IP23 were fit for purpose. He
attached to his email certain documents said to support his assertion. These
supporting documents originated from the ABS and from the manufacturer of the
generators. One of the documents originating from the manufacturer describes
the results of water tightness tests conducted on the generators in 1998
(hence the reference to “tests that had been carried out in 1998” at [221] of
the award (see [114] above)). The defendants relied expressly on this email in
their defence. 207

##### Foot Note 207

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 1313, Statement of Defence at para 15.

179 Mr Tan featured in the arbitration only because counsel for the defendants
put Mr Tan’s December 2014 email and the supporting documents attached to it
to the plaintiff’s witness, whom I shall refer to as Mr Chan, in cross-
examination. Mr Chan is the plaintiff’s project manager and was its principal
witness in the arbitration. 208

##### Foot Note 208

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 3, para 1.1.

The defendants’ counsel cross-examined Mr Chan to attempt to establish
(amongst other things) that generators rated IP23 were fit for the plaintiff’s
purpose. 209

##### Foot Note 209

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 1226, Addendum at para 53.

180 Given that Mr Tan was in fact a member of the defendants’ staff, 210

##### Foot Note 210

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at pp 1223–1224, para 45.

and leaving aside any issue as to the admissibility of hearsay evidence in
arbitration, the majority ought to have approached the issue of whether
generators rated IP23 were fit for purpose as a contested issue requiring a
reasoned analysis of both parties’ oral and documentary evidence. Instead, the
tribunal relied in error on Mr Tan’s supporting documents as an admission by
the plaintiff – and an admission which the plaintiff had made
contemporaneously in December 2014 – that generators rated IP23 were fit for
the plaintiff’s purpose.

(4) The plaintiff’s request for correction

181 One of the plaintiff’s 18 requests for correction under Art 33(1)(a) of
the Model Law 211

##### Foot Note 211

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 1187, paras 32–34.

(see [8] above) sought a correction to [220] of the award to identify Mr Tan
as the defendants’ representative rather than the plaintiff’s. The plaintiff
also invited the tribunal to make consequential corrections to [221], [223],
[234] and [246] of the award 212

##### Foot Note 212

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 1188, para 37, at p 1188, para 41 and p 1189, paras
44–47.

(see [114], [115], [117] and [120] above). These are the paragraphs in which
the majority relied on Mr Tan’s supporting documents to sweep away as being
immaterial all of the issues arising from the parties’ respective cases on the
IP44 claim (see [174] above).

182 The defendants accepted that the tribunal ought to correct [220] of the
award in order to identify Mr Tan as a representative of the defendants. 213

##### Foot Note 213

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 1198, Respondent’s comments on para 220.

But the defendants opposed any consequential corrections to [221], [223],
[234] and [246] of the award.

183 The tribunal accepted that the majority was wrong to have identified Mr
Tan as the plaintiff’s representative at [220] of the award. The tribunal’s
addendum therefore corrected its error at [220] as follows (with deletions and
insertions indicated by strikethrough and underlining respectively): 214

##### Foot Note 214

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at pp 1223–1224, Addendum at paras 45–47.

220\. The Tribunal has noted that the [the plaintiff’s] [the defendants’] Mr
Tan provided supporting documents to show that IP23 was fit for purpose. It is
hard for the Tribunal to disregard what the Claimant itself had stated,
particular in contemporaneous documents. In the premises, there is no need for
any party to expressly demonstrate that the rating of IP23 is adequate or
sufficient.

184 The tribunal characterised all of its corrections to [220] as correcting a
“clerical error or error of similar nature arising from an accidental slip”.
215

##### Foot Note 215

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 1223, Addendum at para 45.

I have difficulty in accepting that that was what this correction amounted to.
It is clear to me that the finding that Mr Tan’s supporting documents were
attributable to the plaintiff was not a clerical error but reflected
accurately what the tribunal intended to find, albeit on an erroneous factual
basis. Certainly, the tribunal’s decision to delete the last two sentences of
[220] cannot on any view be the correction of a mere “clerical error”. Those
two sentences express why the tribunal felt justified in according almost
dispositive weight to what it had mistakenly found to be a clear and
contemporaneous admission by the plaintiff on a contested issue of fact.

185 The tribunal rejected the plaintiff’s request for consequential
corrections to [221], [223], [234] and [246] of the award. The reason given by
the tribunal was that: (i) any correction to these paragraphs were outside the
scope of Art 33(1)(a) of the Model Law and Art 29 of the SIAC Rules; and (ii)
the tribunal’s findings in these paragraphs were in any event not premised on
[220] but on other evidence in the arbitration. 216

##### Foot Note 216

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 1224–1226, Addendum at paras 50–54.

For what it is worth, I consider the tribunal to have correctly rejected the
plaintiff’s requests to correct these paragraphs. The alleged errors
identified by the plaintiff in these paragraphs were not, on any view, mere
computational, typographical or clerical errors within the meaning of Art
33(1)(a) of the Model Law. But I also consider that the tribunal ought to have
rejected, on the same grounds, the plaintiff’s request to correct [220].

(5) The effect of the correction

186 Be that as it may, the tribunal’s correction to [220] meant that that
paragraph now identifies Mr Tan correctly as the defendants’ representative.
But the tribunal also “corrected” [220] by deleting the last two sentences of
that paragraph. The purpose of those sentences was to establish that the
majority was relying on Mr Tan’s supporting documents as amounting to a clear
and contemporaneous admission by the plaintiff that generators rated IP23 were
fit for purpose.

187 It is important that the majority cited no evidential basis for its
primary finding against the plaintiff at [220] of the award other than the
misattribution of Mr Tan’s supporting documents to the plaintiff. So too, the
majority cited no evidential basis in its award for its secondary findings
that evidence emanating from or attributable to the plaintiff rendered
academic all of the issues listed at [174] above.

188 A reasonable reading of the award as it stood before correction, and
affording the majority the generosity to which it is entitled, leads directly
to the conclusion that: (i) the majority’s basis for the finding in the last
two sentences of [220] of the award was – and was only – Mr Tan’s supporting
documents which the majority erroneously attributed to the plaintiff; and (b)
the majority’s basis for sweeping away all of the issues listed at [174] above
was – and was only – the majority’s finding at [220] that Mr Tan’s supporting
documents amounted to a clear and contemporaneous admission attributable to
the plaintiff, requiring no further analysis of the evidence.

189 The tribunal’s correction to [220] of the award therefore poses a
fundamental problem. If the tribunal had left [220] as it was, the plaintiff’s
setting aside application in relation to the IP44 claim would necessarily have
failed. I would have had to give the award a generous reading and would have
read the majority’s finding at [220] as amounting to a finding that the
plaintiff had indeed made a representation to the defendants through the
supporting documents that generators rated IP23 were fit for its purpose. That
would have sufficed to establish a nexus between the majority’s chain of
reasoning on the IP44 claim and the defendants’ promissory estoppel defence.
Further, the last two sentences of [220] would have established a nexus
between the plaintiff’s (misattributed) representation in the uncorrected
[220] and the majority’s chain of reasoning in arriving at the findings in the
paragraphs which follow [220] of the award, and which I have listed at [174]
above.

190 Rejecting the plaintiff’s request to correct [220] would, of course, have
left an egregious and fundamental error of fact patent on the face of the
award. The effect of that error of fact would have been traceable through the
majority’s chain of reasoning to its ultimate decision to dismiss the IP44
claim. But, as the defendants correctly submit, a tribunal’s error – no matter
how fundamental, egregious or patent, and whether of fact or law – is no basis
whatsoever on which to set aside an award.

191 But the award as presented to me contains [220] subject to the tribunal’s
corrections. The effect of the corrections is that [220] no longer has any
nexus to the defendants’ estoppel defence. There is nothing either in [220] or
indeed anywhere else in the award which I can read, generously or otherwise,
as a finding that the plaintiff made any representation of any sort to the
defendants. There is also nothing which can be read even generously as a
finding that the plaintiff represented to the defendants that generators rated
IP23 were fit for any purpose at all, whether that is the plaintiff’s purpose,
the End-Buyer’s purpose or the ABS’s purpose. Further, deleting the last two
sentences of [220] deleted with it any nexus between [220] and the majority’s
references to evidence attributed to the plaintiff in the paragraphs which
followed:

(a) “… the [plaintiff] has already stated in its own contemporaneous documents
that IP23 was fit for its purpose …” (at [221], see [114] above);

(b) “… in the light of the [plaintiff’s] own witness evidence stating that
IP23 rating was fit for purpose …” (at [223], see [115] above);

(c) “ …the [plaintiff] itself had also confirmed that IP23 was fit for purpose
…” (at [234], see [117] above); and

(d) “… the [plaintiff] had confirmed that IP23 grade was fit for its purpose.”
(at [246], see [120] above).

192 In the addendum, the tribunal does not explain what evidence, if not Mr
Tan’s supporting documents, it relied upon for its findings on the IP44 claim,
and in particular for sweeping away as academic and unnecessary for decision
the remainder of the parties’ cases at [221], [234] and [246]. 217

##### Foot Note 217

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 1225, Award at para 51.

193 The tribunal does, however, attempt to cite other evidence as support for
the finding at [223] (see [115] above). At [223], the majority held that it
was unnecessary to determine whether the End-Buyer in fact required the
generators to be rated IP44, claiming to rely on “the [plaintiff’s] own
witness evidence”. The plaintiff invited the tribunal to correct this
paragraph consequential to the correction to [220]. 218

##### Foot Note 218

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 1188, para 41.

In the addendum, the tribunal held that there was no error at [223] to be
corrected under Art 29.1 of the SIAC Rules. In any event, the tribunal noted
that [223] referred to “witness evidence” rather than to “contemporaneous
documents” as [220] and [221] did. The tribunal accepted the defendants’
submission opposing a correction that the “witness evidence” referred to in
[223] was not a reference to Mr Tan’s “supporting documents” in [220] but to
the evidence of the plaintiff’s witness Mr Chan. 219

##### Foot Note 219

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 1226, Addendum at para 53.

When counsel for the defendants cross-examined Mr Chan on Mr Tan’s email and
the supporting documents attached to it, counsel for the defendants put to Mr
Chan the specific proposition: “So you are saying IP23 standard is
insufficient; am I correct?” Mr Chan’s response was “I do not say that”. 220

##### Foot Note 220

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 2266, line 25–p 2267, line 4.

The position taken by the tribunal in the addendum is that this is the
evidence of “the [plaintiff’s] own witness” that the tribunal was referring to
at [223] of the award. 221

##### Foot Note 221

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 1225, Addendum at para 51.

194 The tribunal’s reference in the addendum to this this passage from the
cross-examination of Mr Chan makes no difference to my analysis for two
reasons.

195 First, nowhere in the original award does the tribunal make any reference
to this evidence of Mr Chan. It was the defendants who identified this passage
for the tribunal in their response to the plaintiff’s request for a correction
to [223]. 222

##### Foot Note 222

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 1199, Respondents’ response on para 223.

In their response, the defendants gave this passage as just one example of
“the [plaintiff’s] own witness evidence stating that IP23 rating was fit for
purpose”. The tribunal adopted the defendants’ submission and cited this
passage as the witness evidence from the plaintiff that the tribunal was
referring to in [223] of the award. 223

##### Foot Note 223

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit at p 1225, Addendum at para 51.

It is curious that the defendants should know what the tribunal had in mind in
[223] of the award when the tribunal failed to make that manifest anywhere in
the award.

196 Second, even if the tribunal’s claim were correct, this would not change
the fact that [223] has no nexus to the defendants’ estoppel defence. Mr
Chan’s evidence under cross-examination has nothing to do with a
representation of a promissory nature which the plaintiff made to the
defendants in or about December 2014 and on which the defendants relied such
that the plaintiff became permanently precluded from insisting that the
defendants deliver the vessel with generators rated IP23. As such, [223] still
would have no nexus to the defendants’ estoppel defence.

(6) Fitness for whose purpose?

197 There is a further point which the plaintiff makes on the defendants’
estoppel defence. What was in issue on this defence was the End-Buyer’s
purpose. The defendants’ case was that the plaintiff led them to believe that
generators rated IP23 were fit for the End-Buyer’s purpose if generators rated
IP23 were acceptable to the ABS. Fitness for the plaintiff’s purpose ceased to
be of any contractual importance as soon as the parties entered into SA2 and
as soon as the defendants agreed to build the vessel from that point forward
for the End-Buyer’s purposes. The IP44 claim as the plaintiff framed it in the
arbitration had nothing to do with fitness for the plaintiff’s purpose. The
issue which arose from SA2, and the essential issue on this defence, was
whether generators rated IP23 were fit for the End-Buyer’s purpose if
generators rated IP23 met the regulatory requirements of the ABS.

198 The majority wholly failed to identify this issue in the award, let alone
to apply their mind to it. This is despite the fact that the defendants relied
on Mr Tan’s email and the supporting documents attached to it when cross-
examining Mr Chan to establish their case: (i) that generators rated IP23
complied with the regulatory requirements of the ABS; and (b) that they had
conveyed this to the plaintiff contemporaneously, in December 2014. 224

##### Foot Note 224

×

Defendants’ submissions at p 47, para 92.

Translated to the language of estoppel in which the defendants framed this
defence, the representation which the defendants alleged that the plaintiff
had made and the representation which the majority applied its mind to are
different in content and unrelated in substance.

Third defence: The SA2 Minutes of Negotiations

199 The defendants’ third defence to the IP44 claim was that the general
obligation in the SA2 Minutes of Negotiations superseded the specific
obligation in the SA2 Technical Agreement and permitted the defendants to
deliver the vessel with generators rated IP23.

200 As with the first defence, the defendants do not argue that the majority
relied on the third defence to dismiss the IP44 claim. Once again, the
defendants’ case is constrained by the terms of the award. Simply put, the
majority does not refer anywhere in the award to the SA2 Minutes of
Negotiations.

The Acceptance Test

201 The defendants rely on the majority’s finding that the plaintiff is
precluded from raising any complaints about the IP rating of the generators
because the vessel passed an Acceptance Test under the Contract in December
2014 (see [65] above). 225

##### Foot Note 225

×

Defendants’ submissions at pp 53–54, para 100.

Thus, the majority held at [228]:

… the Tribunal does not factually accept that the [defendants] failed in their
acceptance test or the contractual acceptance test as set out under Section
16.7 of the Construction Specifications.

202 I accept that this is a finding by the majority that the vessel passed an
Acceptance Test under the Contract in December 2014. However, this finding has
no nexus to the conclusion that the plaintiff is precluded from asserting that
it is a breach of contract for the defendants to deliver the vessel with
generators rated IP23 instead of IP44. The Acceptance Test was conducted
pursuant to the provisions of the Contract. The Contract was entered into in
November 2012 and catered for the requirements of the plaintiff, as the buyer
of the vessel at that time. The IP44 claim has nothing to do with the
plaintiff’s requirement or the Contract. It arises under the SA2 Technical
Agreement. That contractual document came into existence to cater for the End-
Buyer’s requirements.

203 Therefore, whether the vessel passed an Acceptance Test under the Contract
in December 2014 has no nexus to the plaintiff’s case that the defendants were
in breach of SA2. More importantly, even on the defendants’ own case, the
successful Acceptance Test had the effect only of precluding the plaintiff
from refusing to accept formal delivery of the vessel. 226

##### Foot Note 226

×

Defendants’ affidavit at p 2008.

This is a distinct and unrelated issue from the issue of whether the plaintiff
is precluded from asserting and recovering damages for a breach of SA2. The
majority’s finding that the vessel passed the Acceptance Test in December 2014
has no nexus to the cases which the parties advanced in the arbitration.

204 For the foregoing reasons, I find that the majority could not have
rejected the IP44 claim on the basis that the vessel successfully passed the
Acceptance Tests within the meaning of the Contract. In the alternative, if
the majority did in fact reject the IP44 claim on the basis of this finding,
that would amount to a breach of the fair hearing rule, as this finding has no
nexus to the plaintiff’s claim or to any defence which the defendants raised
to that case.

Conclusion

205 I therefore find that the majority did not rely on a chain of reasoning
with a nexus to the defendants’ defences on the IP44 claim in arriving at its
decision to dismiss that claim.

The third John Holland element: connection to the award

206 I have thus far found that the tribunal breached the fair hearing rule in
dismissing both the delay claim and the IP44 claim. That does not suffice for
the plaintiff to have the award set aside. The plaintiff must go on to
establish the third and fourth John Holland elements (see [49] above).

207 The third John Holland element requires the plaintiff to show that the
tribunal’s breach of the fair hearing rule “occurred in connection with the
making of the award” within the meaning of s 24(b) of the Act. This requires
the plaintiff to establish a causal connection between the breach of natural
justice and the aspect of the award that the plaintiff is seeking to set
aside. The defendants do not address this element separately in their written
submissions. 227

##### Foot Note 227

×

Defendants’ submissions at pp 43–44, paras 84–85.

Those submissions go straight from submitting that there was no breach of
natural justice at all to submitting that even if there was a breach of
natural justice, it did not cause any prejudice to the plaintiff.

208 There are only two possibilities as to the chain of reasoning by which the
tribunal arrived at its decision to dismiss the delay claim and the IP44
claim: either that chain of reasoning adopted one of the defendants’ defences
in the arbitration or it did not.

209 The first possibility posits that the tribunal dismissed the delay claim
for some reason other than the prevention principle and dismissed the IP44
claim for some reason other than the estoppel defence. If so, the connection
between the breach of the fair hearing rule and the tribunal’s dismissal of
both claims is manifest. The breach of natural justice would leave the
tribunal’s chain of reasoning in dismissing each claim with no connection
whatsoever to the defences which the defendants raised in the arbitration.

210 The second possibility posits that the tribunal dismissed the delay claim
because it adopted the defendants’ prevention principle defence in its chain
of reasoning and dismissed the IP44 claim because it adopted the defendants’
estoppel defence in its chain of reasoning. Yet, in relying on each defence,
the tribunal failed to apply its mind at all to an essential issue arising
from the parties’ arguments: the causation issue on the prevention principle
and the existence of a representation on the estoppel defence. The tribunal’s
breach of natural justice on each claim is causally connected to the making of
the award.

The fourth John Holland element: prejudice

211 The fourth John Holland element requires the plaintiff to establish that
the breach caused the plaintiff to suffer prejudice (John Holland at [18]). In
order to satisfy this element, the plaintiff must show “actual or real
prejudice” going beyond simply the fact that it was denied natural justice
(see Soh Beng Tee at [86] and [91]). A breach of natural justice causes a
party to suffer actual or real prejudice if complying with the rules of
natural justice could reasonably have (not would have) made a difference to
the outcome of the arbitration (see LW Infrastructure Ltd v Lim Chin San
Contractors Pte Ltd [2013] 1 SLR 125 at [54]).

212 The fourth John Holland element is easily established in this case.

213 On both claims, if the tribunal had applied its mind to parties’ cases and
the essential issues arising from the parties’ arguments on those cases, it
certainly could have found in favour of the plaintiff on both the delay claim
and the IP44 claim. The tribunal’s breach of natural justice on both claims
thus caused real prejudice to the plaintiff.

The plaintiff’s case under Art 34(2)(a)(iii)

214 It is not necessary to analyse separately the plaintiff’s case under Art
34(2)(a)(iii) of the Model Law. I say that for two reasons.

215 First, I have held that the plaintiff’s application succeeds under s 24(b)
of the Act. It is therefore unnecessary to consider whether it also succeeds
under Art 34(2)(a)(iii) of the Model Law. On the plaintiff’s case, these are
alternative arguments leading to precisely the same result.

216 Second, the plaintiff’s attack on the award under Art 34(2)(a)(iii) of the
Model Law relies on the very same facts and raises the very same core concern
as its attack on the award under s 24(b) of the Act. That core concern is
whether the chain of reasoning by which the tribunal arrived at its decision
to dismiss the plaintiff’s claims had any nexus to the defendants’ defences
and whether the tribunal applied its mind to the essential issues arising from
the parties’ arguments. I consider that Art 34(2)(a)(iii) is not apt to
address this core concern. The core concern addressed by Art 34(2) is that the
award should deal with all of the disputes and matters which the parties
submit to arbitration and with no others. Despite the deficiencies in the
award which I have identified, I consider that it does in fact deal with all
of the disputes and matters which the parties submitted to arbitration and
with no others.

Remission

217 The defendants submit that, even if I am satisfied that the plaintiff has
established grounds for setting the award aside, I should suspend this setting
aside application and remit the award to the tribunal pursuant to Art 34(4) of
the Model Law in order to give the tribunal an opportunity to eliminate the
grounds for setting aside. 228

##### Foot Note 228

×

Defendants’ submissions at p 3, para 3.

218 The power to remit an award is a discretionary power. It is an alternative
to setting aside an award. This has two consequences. First, the power to
remit cannot be exercised unless a plaintiff has succeeded in establishing
grounds for setting aside an award. Second, the power to remit cannot be
exercised after an award has in fact been set aside.

219 In addition to being a discretionary power, the power to remit an award is
also a limited power. The principle of limited curial intervention militates
against its exercise rather than in favour of it (see AKN v ALC [2016] 1 SLR
966 at [25]–[34]).

220 In considering whether to exercise the power to remit, the court must bear
in mind: (i) the policy in favour of upholding finality in arbitration; and
(ii) the policy in favour of vindicating the reasonable commercial
expectations of parties to an arbitration. One of those expectations is that
the successful party in an arbitration will not be denied the fruits of its
success by reason of a curable defect in the award. But the opposing
expectation is that an award which suffers from a fundamental procedural
defect will be set aside.

221 I decline to remit the award. I have arrived at this conclusion for two
reasons.

222 First, the tribunal’s breaches of natural justice are fundamental and
woven deeply into the analytical exercise which the tribunal undertook and
reasoned in Section G of the award. This is not a case in which the tribunal
breached natural justice in the procedural conduct of the arbitration, for
example by declining to receive evidence. If that were the case, the grounds
for setting aside would be susceptible to elimination simply by allowing the
tribunal to receive the further evidence and consider its effect on its
decision. This is a case in which the tribunal breached the fair hearing rule
by adopting a defective chain of reasoning and by failing to apply its mind to
essential issues arising from the parties’ arguments. It failed to do so
because it fundamentally misapprehended the parties’ arguments on the
defences. It is difficult to see how a ground for setting an award of this
nature aside can be eliminated. Eliminating it would require the tribunal to
undertake de novo its entire analytical task. To my mind, that goes beyond the
purpose of remission.

223 Second, the purpose of remission, most importantly, is to afford the party
who has established a ground for setting aside a genuine opportunity, after
the tribunal has eliminated the grounds for setting aside, to persuade the
tribunal to arrive at a different result. The purpose of remission is not to
give the tribunal a further opportunity to formulate ex post facto
rationalisations for its original decision.

224 In the addendum, the tribunal corrected the manifest factual error at
[220] of the award. But it then sought to deny the obvious effect which that
error had had on the majority’s chain of reasoning in the paragraphs which
followed. I accept the plaintiff’s submission that this does not inspire
confidence that remitting the award will result in the plaintiff having a
genuine opportunity to persuade the tribunal to arrive at a different result.
229

##### Foot Note 229

×

Plaintiff’s submissions at pp 90–94, paras 9.26–9.38.

That militates against remission even in a case, such as this, where there is
no allegation of apparent bias, let alone a finding of actual bias (see
Secretary of State for the Home Department v Raytheon Systems Ltd [2015] 1
Lloyd’s Rep 495 at [10]; Lovell Partnerships (Northern) Ltd v AW Construction
plc (1997) 81 BLR 83 at p 99).

225 For these reasons, I do not consider that the tribunal’s breach of natural
justice in this case is a ground for setting aside which can be eliminated
upon remission. I therefore decline to remit the award.

Conclusion

226 In conclusion, I accept the plaintiff’s submission that the tribunal
reached its decision to dismiss the plaintiff’s delay claims and IP44 claim in
breach of the fair hearing rule. An analysis of the award and the chain of
reasoning in it reveals that this is not a case in which the tribunal posed
the correct questions to itself but, through error of fact or law, arrived at
the wrong answers to those questions. This is a case in which the tribunal
failed entirely to appreciate the correct questions it had to pose to itself,
let alone apply its mind to determining those questions. It therefore rendered
its award in breach of the fair hearing rule and in breach of natural justice.

227 I have therefore set aside the entirety of the award (as corrected by the
addendum) in so far as it dismisses the plaintiff’s claims in the arbitration.

228 The award continues to stand in so far as it dismisses the defendants’
counterclaim.

Vinodh Coomaraswamy  
Judge of the High Court

Leonard Chia, Priyanka Shinde Sayaji and Eli Peh (Asia Ascent Law Corporation)
for the plaintiff;

Kenny Yap, Erik Widjaja and Eugene Lee (Allen & Gledhill LLP) for the
defendants.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 06 Apr 2021 (09:58 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

