Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the COURT OF APPEAL of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGCA 18

Civil Appeal No 172 of 2020  
(Summons No 5 of 2021)

Between

UJN  
---  
  
… Appellant

And

UJO  
---  
  
… Respondent

In the matter of HCF/Divorce (Transferred) No 2337 of 2016

Between

UJN  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

UJO  
---  
  
… Defendant

GROUNDS OF DECISION

[Family Law] — [Matrimonial assets] — [Division]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
UJN

  
v

  

UJO

[2021] SGCA 18

Court of Appeal — Civil Appeal No 172 of 2020 (Summons No 5 of 2021)  
Woo Bih Li JAD  
1 March 2021

5 March 2021

Woo Bih Li JAD:

Background

1 This is a matrimonial dispute. In the court below, the judge delivered his
judgment on 17 September 2020 in respect of various ancillary matters between
the parties. On 16 October 2020, the husband filed an appeal against the
judge’s decision in respect of the division of matrimonial assets.

2 On 18 January 2021, the husband filed CA/SUM 5 of 2021 (“the Application”)
for leave to adduce further evidence for the main appeal. The Application
pertained to six documents which may in turn be classified into three
categories:

(A) Evidence in respect of bonus from a previous employer (“ZP”)

(i) Bank statement for POSB savings account number xxxxxx104 (“the POSB a/c”)
showing a deposit of $1,496,572.85 was made into this joint account on 26
March 2015. I will refer to this statement as “the POSB statement of account”.

(ii) Email from ZP to the husband dated 2 December 2020 enclosing a copy of
his payslip for March 2015 and a March 2015 Reward Statement.

(iii) A letter from DBS Bank Ltd to the husband dated 11 January 2021 setting
out details of three fund transfers from the POSB a/c on 27 March 2015.

(B) Evidence in respect of a property in New York and a property in London

(i) Statutory declaration by a former superior of the husband (“MC”).

(ii) Emails between MC and the husband and selected pages from MC’s account
with JP Morgan.

(C) Valuation report by RHT Valuation Pte Ltd

This valuation was dated 8 January 2021 on the value of a property at Loyang
(“the Loyang Property”) as at 1 January 2017.

3 I will refer to the three categories as Category A, B and C respectively. On
1 March 2021, I allowed the Application in respect of the Category A documents
and dismissed it in respect of the other two categories. I set out my reasons
below.

The law on an application for further evidence

4 The law on the introduction of fresh evidence is governed by s 59(4) of the
Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed), O 57 r 13(1) read with
O 55D r 11(1) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R5, 2014 Rev Ed) or r 831(2) of
the Family Justice Rules 2014 (S 813/2014). The question is whether there are
special grounds to allow such evidence. The criteria for “special grounds” is
set out in three requirements from Ladd v Marshall [1954] 1 WLR 1489 (“Ladd v
Marshall”) which has been applied in Singapore:

(a) First, the evidence could not have been obtained with reasonable diligence
for use at the hearing below.

(b) Second, the evidence, if given, would probably have an important influence
on the result of the case, though it may not be decisive.

(c) Third, the evidence must be such as is presumably to be believed, or in
other words, it must be apparently credible, though it need not be
incontrovertible.

5 The husband also referred to Anan Group (Singapore) Pte Ltd v VTB Bank
(Public Joint Stock Co) [2019] 2 SLR 341 for the following propositions. If
the appeal is against a decision after a trial or a hearing bearing the
characteristics of a trial, the requirements in Ladd v Marshall should apply
with full rigour, otherwise the court remains guided by Ladd v Marshall but is
not obliged to apply it strictly. Even in the first category of appeals, the
court should still consider the interests of justice in assessing whether to
allow the fresh evidence to be adduced.

6 The wife did not disagree with the above principles. The dispute was on the
application thereof.

7 I add one other important point. The court should generally be disinclined
to allow a party to adduce fresh evidence on appeal if that evidence is in aid
of a position which is inconsistent with the applicant’s position below.
Although a contradictory position may itself suggest that the fresh evidence
is not credible, this is not always the case. It may be that the fresh
evidence is credible although it may in turn then suggest that the position
taken below by the applicant was false or misleading. In any event, even if
the fresh evidence were credible, this does not mean that its credibility
trumps other considerations. The interest of finality in proceedings is still
relevant and the interest to hold parties to their positions is equally, if
not more, important as it would often be unfair to the opponent and to the
court if a party were to take one position in the hearing below and yet be
allowed to resile from it on appeal. The waste of court resources is another
factor. Indeed it could also be said that running a contrary case on appeal is
an abuse of process as the appeal would not really arise from dissatisfaction
with the decision below but really with the conduct of the case below on the
part of the dissatisfied party (see [32] of JWR Pte Ltd v Edmond Pereira Law
Corp and another [2020] 2 SLR 744).

Preliminary observation

8 I would also say at the outset that although the wife argued that the
hearing below was akin to that of a trial because of numerous interlocutory
applications, I do not agree that it was akin to a trial. Therefore, the Ladd
v Marshall requirements need not be applied stringently.

Category A

9 The evidence from the Category A documents was to address a finding made by
the judge below that the husband had not accounted for US$1.5m in bonus from
ZP as he did not prove that the bonus was deposited into the parties’ joint
account (ie, the POSB a/c). The judge below drew an adverse inference against
the husband for this non-disclosure, as well as for other non-disclosures. He
added this sum to the pool of matrimonial assets to be divided between the
parties.

10 According to the husband, the Category A documents showed that a
substantial part of the US$1.5m was in fact deposited into the POSB a/c. The
POSB statement of account, the March 2015 Reward Statement and the payslip
from ZP would establish that a sum of $1,475,822, being the equivalent of
US$1,165,000, had been deposited into the POSB a/c on 26 March 2015. The
balance of US$335,000 was deferred. Therefore, the documents showed that the
judge below was wrong to conclude that the husband had failed to account for
the entire US$1.5m. Moreover, the wife must have known about the deposit as
she unilaterally transferred $500,000 to her own bank account the very next
day and $50,000 to a bank account of each of the two sons jointly held with
her.

11 The husband alleged that the wife had agreed all along that his salary and
bonus from ZP had been credited into the parties’ joint account, ie, the POSB
a/c. It was only after the first hearing (out of four hearings) on 2 May 2019
that the question of this bonus was specifically raised by the wife in her
affidavit of 16 May 2019. In his supporting affidavit for the Application, the
husband said (at para 13) that “[b]y then it was too late to adduce new
evidence”.

12 The wife’s affidavit in this Application did not disagree that the evidence
was credible and she said the $500,000 was given to her. However, her
submissions argued that the evidence “holds no conclusive probative evidence”.

13 First, she argued that although the husband was saying that a sum of
$1,475,822 had been credited into the POSB a/c, the POSB statement of account
showed that a different sum of $1,496,572.85 had been credited. It seemed to
me that from the payslip attached to the email from ZP, it was obvious that
the $1,475,822 was part of a larger sum of $1,496,572.85 which was the
aggregate sum after including a basic salary and a benefit allowance and after
taking into account some deductions. When these were taken into account, it
did seem that the $1,496,572.85 actually deposited into the POSB a/c included
the $1,475,822 bonus and therefore there was no discrepancy.

14 The wife’s second argument was that the US$1,165,000 (which is the
equivalent of $1,475,822) was different from the bonus sum of US$1.5m.
However, the short answer is that the US$1,165,000 is part of the US$1.5m.
Even if the credit entry in the POSB a/c did not show that the entire sum of
US$1.5m was deposited, it would still show that the equivalent of US$1,165,000
had been deposited.

15 The wife’s third argument was that there was no contemporaneous evidence to
show that the US$1.5m bonus was paid in tranches or that the US$1.5m was
forfeited as the husband had previously suggested. In my view, this was a
matter for argument if the evidence were allowed. Prima facie, the evidence
did suggest that a substantial part of the US$1.5m bonus had been deposited
into the POSB a/c. If the husband had previously said that the US$1.5m bonus
had been forfeited, this might suggest an inconsistency in his explanation but
not in his substantive position, ie, that he had accounted for it. Thus, an
inconsistent explanation that was not inconsistent with his substantive
position was not an inconsistency which would justify denying the Application
in respect of the Category A documents. Whether the bonus (or a substantial
part of it) had been forfeited or had in fact been deposited into the POSB
a/c, the result was the same. It would have been accounted for in one way or
another if his evidence were believed. The question in the Application was
whether to allow him to adduce the new evidence.

16 The wife did not agree that the husband had insufficient time to adduce the
fresh evidence in the proceedings below. I agree that even if her argument
about the US$1.5m bonus was only raised after the first hearing, the husband
still had sufficient time to adduce the evidence. On the other hand, she ought
to have been aware of the evidence. Furthermore, whatever the reason for the
husband’s omission to adduce that evidence at the hearing below, the evidence,
if allowed, might well show that an error was made by the judge below because
the relevant evidence had not been produced before him then. The sum involved
is not a small sum.

17 Hence, I was of the view that it was in the interest of justice to allow
the Application in respect of the Category A documents. The wife should also
consider whether she still wishes to challenge these documents at the
substantive appeal or to accept them and act on the basis that the husband has
established that US$1,165,000, out of the US$1.5m bonus, was in fact paid into
the POSB a/c. If she accepts them, then the remaining point, in respect of
these documents, is what consequence they would have on the substantive
appeal.

Category B

18 The Category B documents pertained to the husband’s interest in a property
in New York and in a property in London. The husband is a joint owner of the
properties. MC is the other joint owner. Although they had invested in these
properties together and although the husband is a joint owner, he wanted to
use these documents to establish that his real interest in them was limited
only to 50% of any profit or capital appreciation of these properties and not
50% of the value of these properties. His position was that he had only
contributed 50% of the deposit of the purchase price, which was typically 10%
of the purchase price, and the rest of the purchase price was paid by MC.

19 The husband wanted to use the statutory declaration from MC to corroborate
this position. In addition, the selected pages from MC’s JP Morgan account
showed certain payments of sums in the currency of the United States of
America and of the United Kingdom. However, they did not show that these sums
were in fact used to pay for these properties. Even if they had been so used,
they would not rule out the possibility that the husband had reimbursed MC for
50% of the sums or had some arrangement with MC to that effect.

20 While the statutory declaration could fill that gap, if adduced and
believed, it was an untested piece of evidence from MC. Importantly, at the
hearing below, the husband had initially proceeded on the basis that he owns
50% of these properties and would thus be entitled to 50% of their value.
Furthermore, he knew that the wife disputed the value he had ascribed to these
properties because she was proceeding on the premise that he owns 50% of them.
Initially, he did not disabuse her of this premise. Their dispute was on the
quantum of the 50% value. It was only subsequently that the husband adopted a
different position. Hence, in his voluntary affidavit of 24 October 2018, he
suggested that he was entitled to 50% of the profits from the sale of the
properties and also that he did not receive any rental income. That affidavit
also asserted that he had not contributed any money towards these properties.
The problem for the husband was that this affidavit of his contradicted his
earlier position that he owns 50% of these properties. The judge below did not
accept the husband’s belated allegation that he was only entitled to 50% of
the profits and not 50% of these properties.

21 For the Application, the husband did not dispute that his initial position
before the judge below was different. All he could do was to submit that,
“arguably, this (meaning the new position) could have been more clearly spelt
out by his previous solicitors, but … [he] should not be prejudiced due to
this administrative oversight”.

22 As mentioned, the purpose of the Category B documents was to establish a
very different case from that initially taken by the husband, ie, to show that
the husband was entitled only to 50% of the profits and not to 50% of these
properties. It is clear to this court that the husband had no good reason for
the change in position. It was absurd to describe his initial position as an
administrative oversight. I do not think it is just to allow him to use these
documents to change his position, although it is true that he had already
begun to change his position before the judge below. The point is that he was
already contradicting himself below and was attempting to continue with the
contradiction on appeal with the Category B documents.

23 In addition, the husband did not have a good reason for the late attempt to
introduce such evidence. He explained that MC was now retired and was very
slow in responding to emails and was not willing to be dragged into the
divorce proceedings unnecessarily. After the decision below was given, he told
MC that his help was needed and MC agreed. However, the emails from MC which
he sought to introduce in the Application did not suggest any reluctance on
the part of MC. The husband also did not produce for the Application any prior
written communication from him to MC to enlist MC’s help. Therefore, his
explanation was a bare one unsupported by independent evidence and even
contradicted to some extent by the emails in Category B which he was
attempting to rely on.

24 There is one other point. As mentioned, the husband’s latest position for
the Application was that he contributed only 50% of the deposit for these
properties. However, in his voluntary affidavit of 24 October 2018, he said
that he did not contribute any money towards these properties. This was yet
another material inconsistency reflecting the lack of credibility of his
latest position.

Category C

25 The Category C document is a valuation of a property in Loyang owned by the
parties. The valuation is dated 8 January 2021 and values the Loyang Property
at $3.8m as at 1 January 2017. The judge below had valued this property at $6m
as at the date of interim judgment (“IJ”) on 5 October 2016. The difference
between the date of 1 January 2017 and 5 October 2016 did not appear material
for present purposes.

26 However, the husband complained that the judge’s decision was an arbitrary
valuation which was made without having heard parties specifically on the
matter as the parties had proceeded on the premise of a prior valuation done
by the same valuer. The same valuer had previously valued the Loyang Property
at $7.3m, but as at 11 January 2019, and the wife had accepted this value.
However, the judge decided not to use this value as he was of the view that
the valuation date should be as at the date of the IJ instead. This was
because the husband had made renovations to the Loyang Property after the date
of the IJ and the judge was of the view that it would be fairer to use the IJ
date as any gains or losses arising from the renovations should be attributed
to the husband.

27 I am of the view that although it might be said that the judge’s use of the
IJ date was different from what the parties might have come to anticipate, the
husband’s complaint that the judge’s valuation was arbitrary was an
exaggeration calculated to give the impression that the judge had gone on a
frolic of his own. It is important to bear in mind that the parties had
initially already come up with their own valuations as at the IJ date. Using
different data which each had gathered and relied on, but not a formal
valuation report, the husband had initially valued the Loyang Property at $5m
and the wife had initially valued the property at $7.9m. It was only
subsequently, apparently at a case conference by another judicial officer,
that the parties were directed to obtain a valuation of the Loyang Property as
at a date after the renovations were done. This resulted in the valuation
report as at 11 January 2019. However, this was not a case where the parties
had not even addressed the value of the property as at the IJ date.
Furthermore, the judge’s valuation of $6m was based on the data that the
parties had placed before him and not his own data. Therefore, it was
inappropriate of the husband to argue that the judge had reached an arbitrary
decision.

28 What the husband was complaining about was that, during the hearings, the
judge did not explicitly convey to the parties that he was intending to use
the IJ date as the date of valuation. Had the judge done so, the husband could
have obtained a formal valuation instead of sticking to the data he had
gathered.

29 I did not think that this was a valid ground for trying to adduce the
Category C document. First, as mentioned, the parties had already adduced
evidence of the value of the Loyang Property as at the IJ date. It was up to
them if they wished to gather data on their own to support a value or to
obtain a formal valuation. They chose the former route. The judge could not be
faulted for acting on the premise that each party had already stated his/her
position.

30 More importantly, the use of the IJ date by the judge was in fact
advantageous to the husband. Had the valuation of $7.3m as at 11 January 2019
been adopted, this would have been to the husband’s detriment. After taking
into account the then outstanding mortgage sum of $2,827,700.88, the net value
of the Loyang Property would have been $4,472,299.12. However, using the
judge’s $6m figure as at the IJ date and after taking into account the then
outstanding mortgage sum of $3,153,166, the net value was $2,846,834 instead.
The judge had ordered the wife to transfer her interest in the Loyang Property
to the husband in exchange for payment by the husband of 45% of that net
value. As the net value used by the judge was lower than the one as at 11
January 2019, the judge’s approach meant that the husband would be paying a
lower sum to the wife. Yet the husband was complaining about the judge’s
decision.

31 The real reason why the husband was trying to introduce the Category C
document was that he was trying to reduce the gross value of the Loyang
Property as at the IJ date further, ie, from $6m (as assessed by the judge) to
$3.8m as stated in the latest valuation report before taking into account the
outstanding mortgage sum. However, it must be remembered that the $3.8m figure
is also lower than his own initial assessment of $5m based on the data which
he himself had gathered and used.

32 In my view, the husband was trying to change his position by taking a
second bite of the cherry. As mentioned, he had the opportunity to state what
the value of the Loyang Property as at the IJ date was. He availed himself of
that opportunity, adopted a certain approach and came up with his figure. It
was not open to him to complain that he had been denied the opportunity to
come up with a valuation as at the IJ date. He could have obtained a formal
valuation initially. He chose not to do so and adopted a different approach.
In the circumstances, it would not be in the interest of justice to allow him
a second bite.

Conclusion

33 Accordingly, I allowed the Application in respect of the Category A
documents (with consequential directions) and dismissed the Application in
respect of the other two categories. Taking into account the wife’s
unsuccessful objection in respect of the Category A documents, I granted the
wife 70% of the costs of the Application.

34 In determining the quantum of the wife’s costs, I took into account the
parties’ conduct in respect of the Application. I have already criticised some
of the husband’s arguments. In addition, the husband had accused the wife of
protracted litigation. This was an attempt to justify the necessity of the
Application. However, as can be seen from my observations above, the
Application arose either because of his own omission or because he was simply
trying to change his position. Alternatively, he should have confined his
allegation to saying that he had been distracted by various applications
without making any accusation against the wife. His accusation was therefore a
distraction and should not have been made.

35 Unfortunately, the wife took the bait. She should have simply denied the
accusation, reserved her position and focused on the main issues arising from
the Application. Instead she went into a very long and detailed discourse on
the various interlocutory applications that had been made in the proceedings
below to elaborate as to why she disagreed with the accusation. This incurred
unnecessary time and costs as that discourse was not helpful to the court for
the purpose of deciding the Application. In assessing the quantum of the
wife’s costs of the Application, I disregarded the work done for her in
respect of that discourse and assessed 100% of her costs to be $8,000
inclusive of disbursements. The husband was ordered to pay her 70% of that sum
amounting to $5,600 forthwith as her costs of the Application.

Woo Bih Li  
Judge of the Appellate Division  

Godwin Gilbert Campos and Vathany Raveentheran (Godwin Campos LLC) for the
applicant;

Chai Li Li Dorothy (DCMO Law Practice LLC) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 05 Mar 2021 (08:15 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

