Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC 92

Divorce (Transferred) No 3191 of 2008

(Summons No 3498 of 2020)

Between

| CKO  
---|---  
|  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| CKP  
---|---  
|  
  
… Defendant

grounds of decision

[Family Law] — [Maintenance] — [Wife]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
CKO

  
v

  

CKP

[2021] SGHC 92

General Division of the High Court — Divorce (Transferred) No 3191 of 2008
(Summons No 3498 of 2020)  
Chan Seng Onn J  
9 November 2020, 15 February 2021

16 April 2021

Chan Seng Onn J:

1 Summons No 3498 of 2020 (“SUM 3498”) was an application filed by the
plaintiff, the husband (“CKO”), under s 118 of the Women’s Charter (Cap 353,
2009 Rev Ed) (“Women’s Charter”) to seek a rescission or downward variation of
the monthly maintenance payable to the defendant, his former wife (“CKP”).
Under paragraph 9 of the Order of Court in relation to the ancillary matters
dated 19 October 2010, CKO was to “pay monthly maintenance of $4,000.00” (the
“Subsisting Maintenance Order”). 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

ORC 6331/2010/L.

2 On 9 November 2020, after considering the parties’ written submissions and
oral arguments, I varied the Subsisting Maintenance Order of $4,000.00
downwards to $1,500.00 with effect from 1 December 2020.

3 Subsequently, on 20 November 2020, CKO filed a request for further
arguments. CKO sought a further downward variation of the monthly maintenance
to $1,000.00 or lower. In addition, CKO wanted (a) the maintenance to be
payable until he turned 62 years old and to cease thereafter; and (b) the
variation to take effect from 31 August 2020 (ie, the date of cessation of
CKO’s employment) or, alternatively, 9 November 2020 (ie, the date on which
the order to vary the Subsisting Maintenance Order was given). After hearing
parties’ further arguments on 15 February 2021, I declined to make any further
orders.

4 CKO has since filed an appeal against my decision. I now set out the grounds
of my decision.

Facts

5 The parties were married in 1989 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions dated 2 November 2020 (“PS1”) at para 4;
Respondent’s Written Submissions dated 2 November 2020 (“DS1”) at para 5.

and the marriage came to an end on 11 January 2011. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

DS1 at para 8.

CKO and CKP are 61 years old. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

CKO Affidavit dated 19 August 2020 (“CKO1”) at para 17; CKP Affidavit in Reply
dated 6 October 2020 (“CKP1”) at para 60.

CKO was formerly an equity partner in a law firm and retired in August 2020. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

CKO1 at para 17.

He does not intend to seek full-time employment but intends to accept ad hoc
appointments as they come. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

CKO Final Affidavit in Reply dated 20 October 2020 (“CKO2”) at para 9(1).

CKO owns a double-storey semi-detached house (“CKO’s Property”). 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Transcript (15 February 2021) at p 22; Transcript (9 November 2020) at p 17.

CKP is a flexible adjunct teacher in a secondary school. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

DS1 at para 15; CKP1 at para 52.

She jointly owns a condominium unit with her sister. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

DS1 at para 33; CKP1 at para 33.

6 There were two children of the marriage. The daughter, [C], is 28 years old
and has special needs. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

PS1 at paras 4, 13; CKO1 at paras 4, 10.

She had been diagnosed with infantile spasms and is intellectually challenged.
11

##### Foot Note 11

×

DS1 at para 4; CKP1 at para 5.

The son, [D], is 24 years old and pursuing tertiary education at the National
University of Singapore (“NUS”).

7 CKO remarried on 18 May 2011. His wife, [W], is 49 years old. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

CKO1 at p 24 (Tab D Certificate of Registration of Birth of [E]).

They have a daughter, [E], who is 8 years old. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

CKO1 at p 24 (Tab D Certificate of Registration of Birth of [E]).

[C] and [D] live with CKO, [W] and [E] in CKO’s Property. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

PS1 at para 6 CKO1 at para 5.

The parties’ cases

8 CKO’s case was that the Subsisting Maintenance Order ought to be rescinded
or varied downwards because there has been a material change in CKO’s
circumstances since the Order of Court was made for the following reasons: 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

PS1 at para 2.

(a) CKO lost his position as an equity partner of a law firm and no longer
received partnership drawings or an employment income;

(b) CKO remarried and had to provide for the expenses of his entire family
including [W], [E], [C] and [D]; and

(c) CKO’s health condition was deteriorating.

9 CKP’s case was that there ought to be no variation order made because CKO’s
retirement, remarriage and health condition do not amount to a material change
of circumstances sufficient to warrant a variation of the Subsisting
Maintenance Order. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

DS1 at paras 32, 44, 46.

The main issue

10 The main issue that arose for my determination was whether the Subsisting
Maintenance Order should be rescinded or varied downwards.

Whether the Subsisting Maintenance order should be rescinded or varied
downwards

Whether there has been a material change in circumstances

11 The statutory basis for the Court’s power to vary maintenance orders for
former wives is set out in s 118 of the Women’s Charter:

Power of court to vary orders for maintenance

118. The court may at any time vary or rescind any subsisting order for maintenance, whether secured or unsecured, on the application of the person in whose favour or of the person against whom the order was made, or, in respect of secured maintenance, of the legal personal representatives of the latter, where it is satisfied that the order was based on any misrepresentation or mistake of fact or where there has been any material change in the circumstances. 

[emphasis added]

12 For applications relying on the ground of “material change in the
circumstances” under s 118 of the Women’s Charter, the High Court in ATS v ATT
[2016] SGHC 196 (at [13]) stated the following:

Generally, when the “change in circumstances” condition in s 72 and/or s 118
is invoked, the variation court strictly decides from the time-point post-
ancillary order. The court should thus examine whether:

(a) such change being alleged is a change from circumstances prevailing during
the ancillary matters hearing;

(b) such change being alleged arose after the ancillary matters hearing; and

(c) such change being alleged is sufficient to satisfy the court that a
variation or rescission of maintenance is necessitated (in light of the
factors that determined the final maintenance order made at the ancillary
hearing (Tan Sue-Ann Melissa at [26])).

13 The Court of Appeal in BZD v BZE [2020] SGCA 1 (at [14]) clarified that the
question was not simply whether there has been any material change per se but
whether the change was sufficiently material such that it is no longer fair to
expect the status quo to remain.

14 On the evidence before me, I found that there was a material change of
circumstances which rendered it no longer fair to expect the Subsisting
Maintenance Order to remain.

15 Following CKO’s retirement, he will no longer have employment income or
partnership drawings. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

PS1 at paras 30–31.

While CKO stated that he intends to accept odd jobs or appointments that come
his way, 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

CKO2 at para 9(1).

it is indisputable that there is a material drop in income as contrasted with
his income of about $20,000 per month in 2010 (ie, at the time of the
ancillary matters hearing). 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Form 35A (Ancillary matters facts and position sheet filed 21 May 2010) at p
14.

16 Further, CKO’s remarriage and his responsibility to maintain [E] are fresh
financial obligations that CKO did not have at the time of the ancillary
matters hearing. While remarriage per se should and does not affect or
compromise the pre-existing obligations that a husband owes to the wife and
children from a previous marriage, the fact that the husband has fresh
financial commitments as a result of remarriage could be a factor in the
investigation into whether there has been a material change of circumstances
(see George Sapooran Singh v Gordip d/o MD Garsingh [2016] SGHC 197 (“George
Sapooran”) at [39]). CKO’s fresh financial commitment to maintain [E] does
point towards finding a material change in the circumstances.

Whether rescission or a downward variation is more appropriate

17 I now address the appropriate order to make. In determining whether to
rescind or vary the amount of maintenance payable, the factors provided for in
s 114(1) of the Women’s Charter should be considered:

In determining the amount of any maintenance to be paid by a man to his wife
or former wife, the court shall have regard to all the circumstances of the
case including the following matters:

(a) the income, earning capacity, property and other financial resources which
each of the parties to the marriage has or is likely to have in the
foreseeable future;

(b) the financial needs, obligations and responsibilities which each of the
parties to the marriage has or is likely to have in the foreseeable future;

(c) the standard of living enjoyed by the family before the breakdown of the
marriage;

(d) the age of each party to the marriage and the duration of the marriage;

(e) any physical or mental disability of either of the parties to the
marriage;

(f) the contributions made by each of the parties to the marriage to the
welfare of the family, including any contribution made by looking after the
home or caring for the family;

…

18 Having regard to s 114 of the Women’s Charter, I was not persuaded that
rescission was appropriate in the circumstances. However, I varied the
Subsisting Maintenance Order downwards to $1,500.00 monthly with the following
considerations in mind.

19 First, I considered the income, earning capacity and financial resources of
the parties after CKO’s retirement. On this point, the High Court in Yow Mee
Lan v Chen Kai Buan [2000] 2 SLR(R) 659 (“Yeo Mee Lan”) made the following
observations (at [95]):

… Further, the husband if he were paying monthly maintenance could not expect
to be relieved entirely from this obligation by reason of retirement. In the
normal case of an order for the periodic payment of maintenance, the husband
is able to go back to the court and ask for a variation of the order if his
financial circumstances change for any reason including retirement. At that
stage, the court will assess the parties’ needs and assets and adjust the
maintenance order so as to be fair to both parties. In some cases, it is
possible that the maintenance order will be discharged entirely but this is
not the most probable outcome of such a variation application. In any event,
prima facie, the husband’s obligation to maintain the wife would continue
beyond his retirement and up to her remarriage or the death of either party.

[emphasis added]

20 As such, prima facie, CKO’s retirement did not justify the rescission of
his obligation to maintain CKP. While CKO would no longer draw partnership
drawings or an employment income following his retirement, this did not mean
that he has no earning capacity. Even considering his age and health
condition, I found it difficult to say that he was unable to work. CKO’s own
evidence is that he has chosen not to seek full-time employment but intends to
accept odd jobs or appointments that come his way. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

CKO2 at para 9(1).

With his experience and age, I deemed it likely that he has an estimated
monthly earning capacity of at least $5,500.00. In my view, this estimate is
conservative. In terms of financial resources, CKO is a man of very
substantial means. Aside from owning CKO’s Property (a double-storey semi-
detached house), he had also inherited a sum of about $3,500,000.00 from his
father. He claims that after payment of debts, he now has $1,200,000.00 in
cash. While CKO did disclose that he owns “some shares”, he failed to disclose
the value of those shares and/or any dividend income that he receives. CKO
also did not disclose whether he has other properties from which he could
derive rental income. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Transcript (9 November 2020) at pp 50 and 51.

21 I noted that CKP is not without means. CKP has cash savings of about
$500,000 and shares worth about $100,000. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Transcript (9 November 2020) at p 32.

Her net monthly salary had increased from $1,685.35 (at the time of the
ancillary matters hearing) to $3,526.68. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

DS1 at para 22; Defendant’s Ancillary Matters Fact and Position Sheet at p 11.

22 Second, I considered CKO’s fresh financial commitments to his new family as
a result of the remarriage. As regards remarriage, the High Court in George
Sapooran (at [39]–[40]) made the following salient observations which are
worth quoting extensively:

39 It must be remembered and emphasised that remarriage is not a free pass to
avoiding pre-existing financial obligations owed to the family from an earlier
marriage. It seems settled law that remarriage per se should and does not
affect or compromise the pre-existing obligations that a husband owes to the
wife and children from a previous marriage. That said, the fact that the
husband has fresh financial commitments to his new family as a result of
remarriage could be a factor in the investigation into whether there has been
a material change of circumstances. It must not be forgotten that the Women’s
Charter recognises, in s 46, that the foundation of the union of marriage is
consortium – the obligation that is imposed on spouses to co-operate and
support each other, safeguard the union and provide for the children of the
marriage. This manifests itself in part in an obligation on the husband under
s 69 to maintain the wife and under s 68 for the parents to provide for the
children. The remarriage of the husband brings into play these obligations as
regards his new family. These obligations will obviously have to be balanced
against the pre-existing obligations to the family from the previous marriage.
While severance of the consortium through divorce does not impact the
obligations to the children, at least until they are able to sustain
themselves, the position of the wife is perhaps not quite the same. In this
regard, it must also be remembered that the purpose of maintenance for the
wife from the previous marriage is financial preservation, ie to assist her to
transit to a post-divorce life as she has been economically disadvantaged by
the erstwhile role of homemaker and the consequent reduction or loss of
earning capacity. A balance therefore has to be struck and a new equilibrium
achieved between the countervailing demands placed on the husband by his
family from the previous marriage and his present family.

40 However, as the obligations to the new family are assumed in the context of
pre-existing obligations to the earlier family, it is axiomatic that the
reasonableness of the former and indeed the reasonableness of the husband’s
conduct in assuming or incurring them, must be examined with rigour where they
are relied on to vary the latter. The court must be persuaded that the effect
of those commitments is such that they cripple or emasculate the husband’s
ability to perform his pre-existing obligation to the family from the previous
marriage. Accordingly, the reasonableness of the conduct in assuming these
obligations and the reasonableness of the amounts involved assume primacy. In
making that assessment, without attempting to be exhaustive, the court’s
approach ought to be dictated by the reasonableness of the husband’s conduct
as examined from three facets:

(a) The reasonableness of the commitments that the husband has assumed whether
as regards his new family or otherwise, bearing in mind the pre-existing
obligations he owes to the family from the previous marriage;

(b) Whether the husband and his new family have explored and exhausted all
reasonable solutions that would enable him to perform his obligations on “both
sides of the fence”; and

(c) The financial circumstances and needs of the family from the previous
marriage.

Accordingly, where an applicant expects sacrifices from the family from the
previous marriage with no proportionate and corresponding adjustments by his
new family, that would not in my view be reasonable. Further, where the
husband has failed or refused to trim his own expenses so that he can “balance
the books”, that would in my view not be reasonable conduct as well. As a
further illustration, where the husband has assumed liabilities which in the
circumstances of his pre-existing obligation would be regarded as less than
prudent or simply not necessary, that would not be reasonable conduct. For
example, if the obligations have no material connection with the needs of the
new family, it may be examined through a quite different lens. The court may
very well be a lot less sanguine about accepting such conduct as being
reasonable. Of course, the milieu should also include considerations of the
needs of the family from the previous marriage. If their needs are not as dire
and pressing as compared to that of the present family, an argument may exist
for swinging the pendulum in favour of the latter. In the final analysis, it
is a question of striking a balance between two competing obligations. The
husband, having placed himself in this position, has to moderate and modulate
both his and the expenses of his new family and make reasonable efforts to
find reasonable solutions in order to enable him to perform his obligations to
both families.

[emphasis added]

23 I accepted that it is reasonable to expect the financial resources required
to maintain [E] to increase as she grows older. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

PS1 at para 35.

However, it should be noted that the obligation to maintain [E] is shared
between CKO and [W]. This must be so in light of s 68 of the Women’s Charter
which sets out the equal duty of parents to maintain their children (see TBC v
TBD [2015] 4 SLR 59 at [27]). In assessing CKO’s obligation to his new family,
I noted that [W] has a stable gross monthly income of about $13,000.00. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Transcript (9 November 2020) at p 46.

While [W] has personal financial obligations to support her elderly parents
who may have medical conditions, 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions dated 8 February 2021 (“PS2”) at para 21(b).

it stands to reason that CKO’s fresh financial obligations to his new family
will not be as heavy as it would be if [W] had no income at all.

24 Third, I considered the parties’ household expenses. As [C] and [D] live
with CKO, CKO has been primarily responsible for maintaining them both. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

PS1 at para 32.

While that has been the subsisting arrangement since the ancillary matters
hearing, CKO submitted that [C] has recently been diagnosed with psychosis and
this resulted in a significant expected increase in medical expenditure of the
household. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

PS2 at para 10.

I accepted that.

25 CKO claims that his monthly household expenses will be in the range of
$18,000.00 to $19,000.00. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

PS2 at para 15.

The calculation comprised the following: 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

PS2 at p 24.

S/No.| Item| Amount  
---|---|---  
1 | Income tax (until July 2021)| $2,744.00  
2| Voluntary contribution to CPF| $3,200.00  
3| Property tax| $65.00  
4| Helper’s salary (plus levy)| $760.00  
5| Insurance| $660.00  
6| Medication (for CKO)| $128.00  
7| Road tax| $150.00  
8 | Car insurance| $138.00  
9| Car maintenance and repairs| $200.00  
10| Petrol| $100.00  
11| Renewal of COE| $2,916.00  
12| Temasek Club membership| $32.00  
13| Utilities| $360.00  
14| Singtel bill for home and mobile phone| $170.00  
15| Supermarket expenses (for the family)| $1,500.00  
16| Pharmaceuticals (for the family)| $500.00  
17| Clothes/shoes (for the family)| $200.00  
18| Dental (for the family)| $100.00  
19| Maintenance/repairs of the house and other miscellaneous expenses| $200.00  
20| [E]’s meals in school| $40.00  
21| [E]’s Chinese tuition| $200.00  
22| [D]’s NUS fees and allowance| $1,000.00  
23| [C]’s special needs consultant| $2,000.00  
24| [C]’s medication and doctor’s consultation fees for psychosis condition|
$1,000.00  
| TOTAL| $18,363.00  
  
26 CKP claims that her monthly expenses are about $4,940.00 which comprised
the following: 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

DS1 at para 22; CKP Affidavit in Reply dated 6 October 2020 at para 62.

S/No.| Item| Amount  
---|---|---  
1 | Household (food and groceries)| $1,500.00  
2| Transport | $400.00  
3| Food, entertainment and transport with [C] and [D]| $650.00  
4| Dental (for [C] and CKP)| $100.00  
5| Utilities| $140.00  
6| Internet and handphone| $72.00  
7| House maintenance and repairs| $100.00  
8 | Conservancy charges| $120.00  
9| Property tax| $25.00  
10| Income tax| $22.00  
11| Part-time helper| $200.00  
12| Clothes/shoes/bags etc (for [C] and CKP)| $200.00  
13 | Hair cut/colouring and treatment| $70.00  
14| Facial and body massage| $160.00  
15| Supplements (knee joint supplements and multi-vitamins for [C] and CKP)|
$80.00  
16| Insurance (CKP, [D] and [C])| $500.00  
17| Medical appointments/procedures| $92.00  
18| Medication| $175.00  
19| Piano tuning| $14.00  
20| Physiotherapy| $320.00  
| TOTAL| $4,940.00  
  
27 Each party alleges that the other party has exaggerated their calculations
of their monthly expenses. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

DS1 at paras 54–55; Transcript (9 November 2020) at p 38.

For instance, CKP claims that CKO has grossly inflated his monthly expenses
from $3,944.74 to the range of $18,000.00 to $19,000.00. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

DS1 at paras 54–55.

In turn, CKO claims that it is an exaggeration for CKP’s monthly grocery
expenditure to be $1,500.00 when that sum is the same estimate CKO uses for
his household’s grocery expenditure for five persons. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Transcript (9 November 2020) at p 38.

28 I did not find it helpful to conduct a granular analysis of each item
claimed by the parties to be part of their monthly expenses. However, even
adopting the broad-brush philosophy that courts generally adopt when dealing
with financial matters in divorce proceedings (see Fong Khai Yin v Mok Poh Yee
Delia [2013] SGHC 254 at [5]), I observed that some items claimed as part of
the parties’ monthly expenses (eg, voluntary contribution to CPF) are luxuries
rather than necessities. To assist the court in doing justice, parties
generally ought to restrict their calculations of monthly expenses to those
which are reasonable.

29 For CKO’s calculation of his monthly household expenses, I subtracted the
income tax ($2,744.00) as CKO has retired. I subtracted the voluntary
contribution to CPF ($3,200.00) since this is clearly a form of savings. I
reduced the expense pertaining to the renewal of COE for ten years to $291.67.
This is the deemed monthly cost based on an estimated amount of $35,000 paid
for the COE renewal amortised over a ten-year period. This brought CKO’s
monthly expenses down to an estimated $9,794.67.

30 When I compared CKP’s monthly expenses to her income, there is a resulting
shortfall for CKP of $1,414.32 per month (based on her monthly expenses of
$4,940.00 less her net monthly salary of $3,526.68). For a man with CKO’s
substantial means, he could well afford to pay CKP maintenance of $1,500.00
per month given his earning capacity, savings and assets even with his
adjusted monthly expenses being estimated at $9,794.67.

31 Fourth, I considered the parties’ respective health conditions. CKO
submitted that his health condition which included diabetes, blockages in some
arteries and vessels, early symptoms of glaucoma, high blood pressure, an
irregular heartbeat, a high triglyceride level and high uric acid
concentration will lead to a significant increase in his medical expenses in
the near future. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

PS1 at para 38.

But what is sauce for the goose is sauce for the gander. While CKO’s health
condition may indeed result in higher medical expenditure, the same can be
said for CKP as she ages. CKP suffers from major depressive disorder and
anxiety disorder which require her to be on medication and there is the
possibility of occasional relapses. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

DS1 at para 19.

She also has knee problems causing her pain whenever she stands for long hours
to teach. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

DS1 at para 21.

I accepted CKP’s submission that such increases in medical expenses as one
ages were foreseeable at the time of the ancillary matters hearing. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

DS1 at para 42.

Put simply, these are expected vicissitudes of life.

32 In the premises, I was satisfied that a downward variation of the
Subsisting Maintenance Order to $1,500.00 was fair and just having regard to
all the circumstances of the case.

The date the order should take effect

33 As the Court of Appeal stated in AXM v AXO [2014] 2 SLR 705 (at [26]), the
court varying a maintenance order has the power to backdate the variation and
in so doing give it retrospective effect. In such cases, the court has a
discretion to meet the justice of the case (see TYA v TYB [2018] 3 SLR 1170 at
[69]).

34 CKO submitted that any variation of the Subsisting Maintenance Order should
take effect from 31 August 2020 (ie the date CKO lost his employment) or,
alternatively, from 9 November 2020 (ie the date on which the order to vary
the Subsisting Maintenance Order was given). 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

PS2 at paras 41–42.

35 In response, CKP submitted that CKO has not shown that he is in such “dire
financial straits” that there is a need to backdate the downward variation of
the Subsisting Maintenance Order. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions (Further Arguments) dated 14 February 2021
(“DS2”) at para 42.

Even if the downward variation were to commence from 31 August 2020, this
would be a mere $7,500.00 which is “de minimis to [CKO] and therefore no
backdating of the variation is necessary”. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

DS2 at para 44.

36 I agreed with CKP’s submission that backdating was unnecessary because of
the low quantum involved. Considering the financial resources of both parties,
it would be fairer in the circumstances not to backdate the maintenance.
Therefore, I ordered that the variation take effect on 1 December 2020.

Whether an end date should be specified

37 While the husband is prima facie obliged to maintain his former wife beyond
his retirement and up to the former wife’s remarriage or the death of either
party (see Foo Ah Yan v Chiam Heng Chow [2012] 2 SLR 506 at [17]), the law of
maintenance does not seek to create situations of life-long dependency by
former wives on maintenance from their former husbands (see ATS v ATT [2016]
SGHC 196 at [34]).

38 CKO submitted that the Subsisting Maintenance Order should be varied such
that any monthly maintenance is payable only until CKO reaches 62 years of age
(ie, the statutory retirement age pursuant to the Retirement Age Act (Cap
274A, 2000 Rev Ed)). 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

PS2 at para 40.

In response, CKP submitted that it was possible that CKO could continue
working until 68 years or beyond. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

DS2 at para 40.

39 After considering parties’ arguments, I declined to specify an end date for
the order. In this regard, I gratefully adopt Judith Prakash J’s (as she then
was) analysis in Yow Mee Lan (at [94]–[95]) as follows:

… The wife was given eight years maintenance as a lump sum on the basis that
the husband was 52 at the time of the hearing and that having regard to the
demands of his business using 60 years as his retirement age from active
business and the upper limit of a lump sum award was appropriate …

In my judgment, it is highly speculative to put the husband’s retirement age
at 60 when he is working for himself and can carry on for as long as his
health permits and his financial needs require. He has a young family by his
mistress and the chances are that if he can he will work beyond the age of 60
for at least four or five years, if not considerably more. Further, the
husband if he were paying monthly maintenance could not expect to be relieved
entirely from this obligation by reason of retirement. In the normal case of
an order for the periodic payment of maintenance, the husband is able to go
back to the court and ask for a variation of the order if his financial
circumstances change for any reason including retirement. At that stage, the
court will assess the parties’ needs and assets and adjust the maintenance
order so as to be fair to both parties. In some cases, it is possible that the
maintenance order will be discharged entirely but this is not the most
probable outcome of such a variation application. In any event, prima facie,
the husband’s obligation to maintain the wife would continue beyond his
retirement and up to her remarriage or the death of either party.

[emphasis added]

40 Similarly, I am of the view that it would be highly speculative to assume
that there would be a material change of circumstances simply because CKO
reaches 62 years of age. Even though this may be the statutory retirement age,
it is not uncommon for lawyers to continue working so long as their health may
permit. This is so especially since CKO has to provide for [E] who is now only
8 years old. In my judgment, the fairer solution would be for CKO to seek a
rescission of the order if it is required at the appropriate time in the
future.

41 In conclusion, I allowed SUM 3498 and varied the monthly maintenance
downwards to $1,500.00 effective from 1 December 2020.

42 The parties are to bear their own costs.

Chan Seng Onn  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Deborah Evaline Barker SC and Chai Rui Min, Angela (Withers KhattarWong LLP)
for the plaintiff;

Lim Poh Choo and Lee Wan Sim (Alan Shankar & Lim LLC) for the defendant;

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 16 Apr 2021 (14:03 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

