Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC 230

Suit No 198 of 2019

Between

Gomez, Kevin Bennett  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Bird & Bird ATMD LLP  
---|---  
(2)| Boey Swee Siang  
  
… Defendants

GROUNDS OF decision

[Legal Profession] — [Professional conduct]

[Tort] — [Negligence] — [Breach of duty]

[Tort] — [Negligence] — [Causation]  

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Gomez, Kevin Bennett

  
v

  

Bird & Bird ATMD LLP and another

[2021] SGHC 230

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 198 of 2019  
Mavis Chionh Sze Chyi J  
6–8 April, 30 June 2021

12 October 2021

Mavis Chionh Sze Chyi J:

1 In HC/S 198/2019 (“Suit 198”), the plaintiff alleged professional negligence
by a law firm and one of their partners. On 30 June 2021, I dismissed the
plaintiff’s claim. The plaintiff filed a Notice of Appeal on 26 July 2021. I
now give my reasons for my decision.

Background

2 The 1st defendant is a law firm and limited liability partnership, while the
2nd defendant is a partner of the 1st defendant. The plaintiff is their former
client. The plaintiff sued the defendants for professional negligence. This
was the only cause of action pleaded in his Statement of Claim (Amendment No.
1). The plaintiff claimed that the defendants should bear joint and several
liability.

3 The facts of this case are as follows. In 2008, the 2nd defendant (who was a
partner at another law firm at that time) was engaged by the plaintiff to file
S700/2008/J (“Suit 700”) against Magnetron Insurance & Financial Services Pte
Ltd (“Magnetron”) for, inter alia, commissions that Magnetron had failed to
pay the plaintiff when he was previously working for Magnetron. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents dated 30 March 2021 (“AB”) Vol 9 at pp 1701–1720.

The 2nd defendant joined the 1st defendant as a partner in 2009 and, on the
plaintiff’s instructions, transferred the matter to the 1st defendant. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief (“AEIC”) of Boey Swee Siang dated 28 January
2021 (“BSS AEIC”) Vol 1 at para 3; AEIC of Kevin Bennett Gomez dated 28
January 2021 (“KG AEIC”) at para 13 and p 121.

In 2010, on the plaintiff’s instructions, the 2nd defendant joined Mr Kuhadas
Vivekananda (“Mr Kuhadas”), the managing director and major shareholder of
Magnetron, as a defendant in Suit 700. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

BSS AEIC Vol 1 at para 6; KG AEIC at para 20; AB Vol 14 at p 3358, 3404.

4 On behalf of the plaintiff, the defendants entered judgment against Mr
Kuhadas and Magnetron in Suit 700 on 1 April and 28 April 2011 (the “April
2011 Judgments”). The April 2011 Judgments were obtained in default of Mr
Kuhadas’ compliance with a court order to file and serve his List of Documents
and supporting affidavit, and in default of Magnetron’s compliance with a
court order to exchange the affidavits of evidence-in-chief of its witnesses.
The judgement sum included a sum of $140,967.87 for “[o]ver-riding
commissions” for April and May 2008, with damages to be assessed for “[f]ull
commissions” from June to July 2008. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

AB Vol 16 at pp 3939–3942, 3998–4001.

Subsequently, the total damages owed to the plaintiff was assessed to be
$1,226,289.70, and judgment for this amount was given against Mr Kuhadas and
Magnetron jointly and severally on 28 October 2011 (the “October 2011
Judgment”). 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

AB Vol 18 at pp 4498–4508.

On 8 November 2011, the defendants sent a letter to Mr Kuhadas requesting
payment of the judgment sum within five days. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

AB Vol 18 at p 4509.

5 On 23 November 2011, the plaintiff sent an email to the 2nd defendant saying
that one of Mr Kuhadas’ other creditors had “served on [Mr Kuhadas] a
bankruptcy notice”, and instructed the 2nd defendant to “proceed with
bankruptcy”. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

AB Vol 18 at p 4558.

However, the 2nd defendant advised the plaintiff to let the other creditor
“fight” Mr Kuhadas to save the plaintiff costs. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

AB Vol 18 at p 4563.

On 1 February 2012, the 2nd defendant informed the plaintiff that the case
against Mr Kuhadas by the other creditor had been adjourned. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

AB Vol 18 at p 4573.

On 2 February 2012, the plaintiff instructed the 2nd defendant to “serve [Mr
Kuhadas] with the 21 day statutory notice followed by filing of [the]
bankruptcy application”. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

AB Vol 18 at p 4575.

The first statutory demand

6 On 18 February 2012, the defendants served on Mr Kuhadas a statutory demand
dated 3 February 2012 (the “First Statutory Demand”) for the judgment sum with
interest. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

BSS AEIC Vol 1 at pp 196–199; AB Vol 18 at p 4644.

7 On 8 March 2012, Mr Kuhadas’ and Magnetron’s solicitors filed two
applications, one to set aside the part of the October 2011 Judgment awarding
the plaintiff “full commissions” of $1,082,321.92 (“Setting Aside
Application”), 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

BSS AEIC Vol 1 at pp 210–213.

and the other to seek an extension of time to appeal against that part of the
October 2011 Judgment. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

BSS AEIC Vol 1 at pp 214–217.

On 19 March 2012, the 2nd defendant agreed to a request by Mr Kuhadas’ then
solicitors that pending the hearing of the two applications, there be no
enforcement action taken against Mr Kuhadas in respect of the full commissions
as assessed in the October 2011 Judgment. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

BSS AEIC Vol 1 at p 252.

8 On 9 May 2012, the Setting Aside Application was dismissed. However, Mr
Kuhadas was granted an extension of time to file his appeal against part of
the October 2011 Judgment by 5pm on 28 May 2012, on the condition that he pay
costs of $4,500 to the plaintiff by 5pm on 23 May 2012, failing which no
Notice of Appeal was to be filed. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

BSS AEIC Vol 1 at p 283.

9 Mr Kuhadas did not pay the $4,500 costs, and no Notice of Appeal was filed
within the stipulated time. On 29 May 2012, the 2nd defendant confirmed in an
email to the plaintiff that he would proceed with the bankruptcy application
against Mr Kuhadas. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

BSS AEIC Vol 1 at p 286.

The first and second bankruptcy applications

10 On 20 June 2012, the defendants filed a bankruptcy application against Mr
Kuhadas (“First Bankruptcy Application”), which was fixed for hearing on 19
July 2012. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

AB Vol 20 at pp 5048–5061.

11 On 16 July 2012, the plaintiff informed the 2nd defendant via email that Mr
Kuhadas owned a 45% share of a property at Ballota Park (“Ballota Park
Property”), with the remaining interest in the property being owned by his
wife and sister-in-law. The plaintiff also informed that he believed Mr
Kuhadas had sold a separate property in Singapore (“Changi Court Property”)
sometime in May 2012. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

BSS AEIC Vol 1 at p 255; Transcript, 6 April 2021 at p 36 line 14–p 37, line
10.

The Changi Court Property was owned by Mr Kuhadas and his wife. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Transcript, 6 April 2021 at p 37 lines 11–15.

12 On 18 July 2012, the defendants served another statutory demand (“Second
Statutory Demand”) on Mr Kuhadas. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

AB Vol 21 at pp 5293–5294.

On 19 July 2012, the First Bankruptcy Application was withdrawn. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

BSS AEIC Vol 1 at para 18.

The 2nd defendant testified that the First Bankruptcy Application was
withdrawn because it should have been filed four months after service of the
First Statutory Demand but was instead mistakenly filed one or two days out of
time. The 2nd defendant had called the plaintiff to apologise for the error
and had offered to “absorb the cost” of filing a second bankruptcy
application. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Transcript, 8 April 2021 at p 73, lines 6–14.

13 On the plaintiff’s instructions, the defendants then commenced enforcement
proceedings against Mr Kuhadas. On 22 August 2012, the 2nd defendant
successfully applied for attachment against Mr Kuhadas’ interest in the
Ballota Park Property. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

AB Vol 1 at pp 181–184.

On the same day, the 2nd defendant also commenced garnishee proceedings to
garnish money from Magnetron’s OCBC bank account. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

AB Vol 1 at pp 201–211.

14 The defendants then filed a second bankruptcy application against Mr
Kuhadas on 30 August 2012 (“Second Bankruptcy Application”), which was fixed
for hearing on 4 October 2012. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

AB Vol 21 at pp 5376–5393.

On the same day ie 30 August 2012, the plaintiff informed the 2nd defendant
that Mr Kuhadas had sold a property in Australia (the “Thane St Property”). 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

BSS AEIC Vol 1 at p 276.

Mr Kuhadas had sold the Changi Court Property on 29 May 2012 and the Thane St
Property on 23 May 2012. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

KG AEIC at pp 154–161.

However, the plaintiff’s evidence was that 30 August 2012 was not the first
time he had told the 2nd defendant of the sale of the Changi Court Property
and Thane St Property; he claimed he had “called [the 2nd defendant]
frantically” sometime in July 2012 to inform him, after which the 2nd
defendant told him of the “lapse[]” of the First Statutory Demand. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Transcript, 6 April 2021 at p 124, lines 9–23; KG AEIC at para 42.

Correspondence with Mr Kuhadas

15 On 29 September 2012, Mr Kuhadas sent an email to the 2nd defendant asking
that the plaintiff withdraw the Second Bankruptcy Application on the basis
that, inter alia, Mr Kuhadas had “on-going expenses” since 2008 and “virtually
nil income … since 2009”, and bankruptcy would result in him being “totally
destroyed”. The 2nd defendant replied on 3 October 2012 asking for details of
Mr Kuhadas’ “alleged debts”. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

AB Vol 22 at p 5655–5656.

The 2nd defendant also asked Mr Kuhadas for a “more realistic proposal” on how
Mr Kuhadas could pay off the judgment debt owed to the plaintiff. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

AB Vol 22 at p 5657–5659.

Mr Kuhadas said that he was “unable to recommend any installment payment” to
the plaintiff, but that if the plaintiff so desired, Mr Kuhadas could
“convince [his] wife and sis in law to put up the said property in the market
and [the plaintiff] can have [Mr Kuhadas’] share whatever it amounts to”. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

AB Vol 22 at p 5665.

16 On 4 October 2012, the plaintiff said in an email to the 2nd defendant that
Mr Kuhadas’ emails “look[ed] promising” as Mr Kuhadas “appear[ed] to be
wanting to cooperate to avoid bankruptcy”. The plaintiff set out his
“suggestion” for following up with Mr Kuhadas. After an email discussion with
the 2nd defendant, the plaintiff told him to “draft the letter to [Mr Kuhadas]
according to how you see fit.” 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

AB Vol 22 at pp 5694–5695.

17 On 16 October 2012, the High Court issued a writ of seizure and sale for Mr
Kuhadas’ shares in Magnetron (“Magnetron Shares”). 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

AB Vol 1 at pp 215–220.

18 On 18 October 2012, following up from the 4 October 2012 email from the
plaintiff, the 2nd defendant informed Mr Kuhadas that the plaintiff required
him to remit $300,000 from the sale of the Changi Court Property within 7
days, or he would proceed with the bankruptcy petition. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

AB Vol 22 at p 5755.

Mr Kuhadas replied on 22 October 2012 saying that he was a “man of straw” and
asking the plaintiff to “postpone the court hearing which will adjudged [him]
(sic) as a bankrupt”. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

AB Vol 22 at pp 5790–5791.

19 On 23 October 2012, the 2nd defendant told the plaintiff that they should
adjourn the hearing of the Second Bankruptcy Application to complete the
plaintiff’s takeover of the Magnetron Shares, and suggested that they reply to
Mr Kuhadas to demand that he sell his Ballota Park Property and “get back his
money from his wife” for the sale of the Changi Court Property. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

AB Vol 22 at p 5798.

20 On 24 October 2012, the 2nd defendant sent an email to Mr Kuhadas stating,
inter alia, that the plaintiff was agreeable in principle to the sale of the
Ballota Park Property to “realise the cash to make at least part payment of
the judgment debt”, as long as the sale could “yield a reasonable price”. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

AB Vol 22 at p 5807.

21 In subsequent email correspondence in November 2012, the 2nd defendant
pressed Mr Kuhadas, inter alia, for proof that Mr Kuhadas was selling the
Ballota Park Property. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

AB Vol 22 at p 5831.

In an email to the 2nd defendant and the plaintiff’s mother dated 24 November
2012, Mr Kuhadas said that it would be difficult for a prospective buyer of
the Ballota Park Property to get a loan if one of the owners was a bankrupt.
39

##### Foot Note 39

×

AB Vol 23 at pp 5888–5890.

On 7 December 2012, Mr Kuhadas emailed the 2nd defendant stating that he could
arrange to sell the Ballota Park Property on the understanding that after
payments were made for the bank loan, legal fees, agent’s commission and to
his sister-in-law and wife, the balance proceeds would be “shared 50/50
between [Mr Kuhadas] and [the plaintiff]”, but it would be “vital” for the
plaintiff to discontinue the Second Bankruptcy Application. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

AB Vol 24 at pp 6223–6225.

On 12 December 2012, Mr Kuhadas again emailed the 2nd defendant stating that
the best way to “realize some money is through the sale of BALLOTA PARK” but
it would be in the interests of the plaintiff “that the Bankruptcy Action be
discontinued to allow the sale to go through quickly”. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

AB Vol 24 at pp 6294–6295.

22 Between December 2012 and February 2013, there followed further email
correspondence between the 2nd defendant and Mr Kuhadas, in the course of
which Mr Kuhadas provided the plaintiff with a cheque for $50,000, issued by
his (Mr Kuhadas’) father and post-dated to 1 March 2013.

23 Following a series of email exchanges, the 2nd defendant informed Mr
Kuhadas by email on 18 February 2013 that the plaintiff was agreeable to
withdraw the Second Bankruptcy Application if Mr Kuhadas’ father paid him
$25,000 upfront and Mr Kuhadas provided a written undertaking to pay $50,000
to the plaintiff upon completion of the sale of the Ballota Park Property. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

AB Vol 26 at pp 6848–6849.

The plaintiff claimed that he did not “specifically give [the 2nd defendant]
these instructions”. However, he admitted that he “didn’t object” when the
email was forwarded to him. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Transcript, 6 April 2021 at p 58, lines 12–28; AB Vol 26 at p 6799.

24 Mr Kuhadas replied to the 2nd defendant’s email on the same day, ie 18
February 2013, asking “can the balance to be paid to be only $25,000 […]”. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

AB Vol 26 at p 6816.

The 2nd defendant forwarded Mr Kuhadas’ email to the plaintiff on 18 February
2013 for his views and sent the plaintiff another email to follow up on 20
February 2013. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

AB Vol 26 at pp 6847–6848.

The 2nd defendant then sent an email to Mr Kuhadas on 21 February 2013 where
he said he had “taken [the plaintiff’s] instructions” and set out the
plaintiff’s conditions for accepting Mr Kuhadas’ payment. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

AB Vol 26 at p 6856.

Mr Kuhadas replied on the same day, indicating his acceptance of the
plaintiff’s conditions. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

AB Vol 26 at p 6910.

The 22 February 2013 Email

25 On 22 February 2013, the 2nd defendant sent an email to Mr Kuhadas (the “22
February 2013 Email”): 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

AB Vol 26 at p 6909.

Dear Sir,

In response to your e-mail:

1\. The first tranche of S$25,000 shall be paid to us by no later than 1 March
2013 at 4 p.m.

2\. The second tranche of S$25,000 shall be paid to us upon sale of of [sic]
your unit in Ballota Park, with interest at the rate of 10% p.a. from 1 March
2013 until date of full payment.

3\. We shall continue to retain your cheque of S$50,000 as security for the
above payment.

4\. You shall sign and return the properly and duly executed documents for the
issuance of new Magnetron shares by today, 4 p.m.

In consideration of the same, our client is agreeable to withdraw the
bankruptcy application once items 1 and 4 have been done, and you have
unequivocally given your agreement to item 3.

26 Mr Kuhadas replied on the same day with the documents for the issuance of
new Magnetron shares and indicating his agreement to the other items. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

AB Vol 26 at p 6909.

The plaintiff testified that he “did not see the construction” of the 22
February 2013 Email before it was sent to Mr Kuhadas, but he had discussed
with the 2nd defendant over the phone whether withdrawing the Second
Bankruptcy Application would “prejudice” any “further enforcement
proceedings”. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Transcript, 6 April 2021 at p 64, lines 24–31.

27 On 26 February 2013, Mr Kuhadas emailed the 2nd defendant to inform him
that the first tranche of $25,000 had been paid to the plaintiff and
requesting that the plaintiff withdraw the Second Bankruptcy Application
“unconditionally and indefintely [sic]”. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

AB Vol 27 at p 7023.

On 27 February 2013, the 2nd defendant informed Mr Kuhadas that he would
withdraw the Second Bankruptcy Application “unconditionally” upon confirmation
that the money had been received, and that the latter’s use of the phrase
“indefinitely” was not “conceptually applicable from a legal perspective”. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

AB Vol 27 at p 7050.

The 2nd defendant was granted leave to withdraw the Second Bankruptcy
Application on 7 March 2013, and informed Mr Kuhadas of this on the same day
by email (the “7 March 2013 Email”). 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

AB Vol 28 at p 7501.

28 Subsequently, on 26 June 2013, on the plaintiff’s instruction, the
plaintiff’s mother offered to buy all of the Magnetron Shares for $1,000. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

AB Vol 28 at p 7325; Transcript, 6 April 2021 at p 19, lines 23–25.

On 17 July 2013, the plaintiff told the 2nd defendant that he had collected
the Magnetron share transfer deed and he would be appointed a director of
Magnetron by the following week. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

AB Vol 28 at p 7355.

On 26 July 2013, the plaintiff informed the 2nd defendant that he “own[ed]
Magnetron officially”. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

AB Vol 28 at p 7362.

29 The 2nd defendant also testified that the plaintiff had found evidence
showing that $200,000 belonging to Magnetron had been used by Mr Kuhadas and
his wife to “put up a bail bond for Mr Kuhadas”. According to the plaintiff,
this was because Mr Kuhadas was then “under investigation by the CAD”. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Transcript, 6 April 2021 at p 103, lines 15–17; Transcript, 7 April 2021 at p
74, lines 13–17.

On 1 August 2013 the plaintiff sent the 2nd defendant copies of Magnetron’s
statement of accounts summary for September 2008 and a debit voucher relating
to the withdrawal for Mr Kuhadas’ bail bond, and instructed the 2nd defendant
to “proceed with writing to the CAD as discussed”. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

AB Vol 28 at p 7376.

On 4 August 2013, the plaintiff wrote to the Commercial Affairs Department
(“CAD”) requesting access to all of Magnetron’s documents, and forwarded his
email to the 2nd defendant on 14 August 2013. The 2nd defendant suggested on
15 August 2013 that a better way for Magnetron to claim the $200,000 would be
to make a police report concerning Mr Kuhadas’ misappropriation of funds, and
to send a letter of demand to Mr Kuhadas’ wife. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

AB Vol 28 at pp 7377–7378.

30 On 15 October 2013, the plaintiff wrote to the 2nd defendant asking if he
could seize the assets of two other companies where Mr Kuhadas was the sole
director, and whether he could include Mr Kuhadas’ sister-in-law as a co-
defendant in his “civil claim”. The 2nd defendant replied on 16 October 2013
that the plaintiff could seize the shares of the companies registered in Mr
Kuhadas’ name, and they could see if there was any possibility of issuing
fresh legal proceedings against Mr Kuhadas’ sister-in-law as part of any
possible claim against Mr Kuhadas, his wife or other family members. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

AB Vol 28 at pp 7408–7409.

Appointment of new solicitors by the plaintiff

31 In November 2013, the plaintiff instructed a different solicitor, one Mr
Parwani, to issue another statutory demand against Mr Kuhadas in Singapore
dated 26 November 2013 (the “Third Statutory Demand”). 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

AB Vol 1 at pp 229–232; KG AEIC at para 60.

32 On 27 November 2013, the plaintiff emailed the 2nd defendant asking him
whether the costs awarded pursuant to the October 2011 Judgment were “final”
and took into account the disbursements he had incurred for Suit 700. The 2nd
defendant replied on 28 November 2013 that the costs awarded were only for the
hearing for assessment of damages, and reminded the plaintiff that the costs
of the whole matter had not been determined because “we did not want to incur
the further legal fees to tax the costs”. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

AB Vol 28 at pp 7454–7456.

33 On 11 December 2013, Mr Kuhadas wrote to the 2nd defendant referring to the
7 March 2013 Email. Mr Kuhadas claimed that he “did not know that [the
plaintiff] has not given [him] a unconditional discharge of the judgment
debt”, and that he found this out only when his father told him the plaintiff
had hired another lawyer to “restitute the bankruptcy action” against him. It
would appear that until then, the 2nd defendant had not known about the
plaintiff engaging Mr Parwani as his new solicitor. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

AB Vol 28 at pp 7497–7500.

The plaintiff explained to the 2nd defendant that his idea was “to close the
chapter on [Mr Kuhadas] once and for all by bankrupting him simultaneously in
both Singapore and Australia”, and that he had “engaged Mr Parwani to make the
bankruptcy application”. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

AB Vol 28 at pp 7497–7500.

34 Later in the day of 11 December 2013, the plaintiff emailed the 2nd
defendant again asking for his feedback on a proposed reply to Mr Kuhadas. The
2nd defendant replied that it “may be better to just tell [Mr Kuhadas] that
now he has to deal with Parwani & Co. in respect of the bankruptcy
application”, and suggested that the plaintiff run through the email with his
new solicitors. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

AB Vol 28 at pp 7517–7519.

On 12 December 2013, the plaintiff again emailed the 2nd defendant with
another draft of the proposed reply, which stated, inter alia, “I never agreed
that the receipt of the upfront $25,000 and a further $25,000 (with interest
at the rate of 10% p.a.) would be considered full and final settlement of the
$1.2 million owed to me.” [emphasis in original] The 2nd defendant replied:
“This looks ok to me.” 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

AB Vol 28 at pp 7516–7517.

The Australian proceedings

35 On 14 February 2014, the plaintiff registered the October 2011 Judgment in
the Supreme Court of New South Wales. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

AB Vol 4 at p 790.

He also served a bankruptcy notice dated 26 February 2014 on Mr Kuhadas (the
“Australian Bankruptcy Notice”) on 4 March 2014. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

AB Vol 4 at pp 791–794.

Mr Kuhadas applied to set aside the Australian Bankruptcy Notice on 21 March
2014. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

AB Vol 4 at pp 795–806.

36 On 30 May 2014, the Federal Circuit Court of Australia (“FCC”) set aside
the Australian Bankruptcy Notice. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

AB Vol 5 at pp 1105–1132.

In its judgment (the “FCC Judgment”), the FCC said that Mr Kuhadas had at the
very least “raised an arguable case that the effect of [the 22 February 2013
Email] was to discharge Mr Kuhadas of his obligation to satisfy the [October
2011 Judgment]”. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

AB Vol 5 at p 1119, para 34.

The FCC interpreted the 22 February 2013 Email to mean that the plaintiff
would withdraw the Second Bankruptcy Application “and thereby release [Mr
Kuhadas] from [his] obligation to pay the judgment on which the bankruptcy
application is based” once Mr Kuhadas satisfied items 1, 3 and 4 of the 22
February 2013 Email. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

AB Vol 5 at p 1126, paras 57, 59.

The registration of the October 2011 Judgment was thus liable to be set aside.
73

##### Foot Note 73

×

AB Vol 5 at p 1132.

37 On 4 June 2014, the plaintiff emailed the 2nd defendant informing him of
the FCC’s decision. The plaintiff stated that his understanding was that the
conditions in the 22 February 2013 Email were “to be considered a part-payment
of the judgment debt” and he was not waiving his right to file a fresh
bankruptcy application against Mr Kuhadas. The 2nd defendant replied the same
day to say that he too had the same understanding, that he was “at a total
loss” insofar as the FCC’s decision was concerned, 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

AB Vol 29 at p 7666.

and that the plaintiff “may want to discuss with [his] Australian counsel
about an appeal”. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

AB Vol 29 at pp 7666–7667.

38 The plaintiff appealed to the Federal Court of Australia and acted in
person in the conduct of this appeal. The appeal was dismissed on 5 June 2015.
76

##### Foot Note 76

×

AB Vol 7 at pp 1673–1691.

According to the plaintiff, he did not inform the 2nd defendant about the
outcome of the appeal as he felt the 2nd defendant had “let [him] down”; it
was the 2nd defendant who next contacted the plaintiff on 8 June 2015. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Transcript, 6 April 2021 at p 98, lines 23–32.

The third bankruptcy application

39 On 8 April 2014, Mr Parwani’s firm served the Third Statutory Demand on Mr
Kuhadas by advertisement in a Singapore newspaper. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

AB Vol 5 at p 1213.

Mr Kuhadas applied to set aside the Third Statutory Demand, citing the FCC
Judgment in support of his application. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

AB Vol 3 at p 723 line 32–p 724 line 2.

His application was dismissed by an assistant registrar on 18 July 2014. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

AB Vol 3 at p 719.

On 7 August 2014, Mr Parwani’s firm filed a bankruptcy application against Mr
Kuhadas (the “Third Bankruptcy Application”). 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

AB Vol 8 at pp 1692–1693.

However, Mr Kuhadas appealed against the assistant registrar’s decision; and
on appeal, the Third Statutory Demand was set aside on 1 September 2014. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

AB Vol 3 at p 727; AB Vol 5 at pp 1307–1308.

40 On 6 June 2015, Mr Kuhadas emailed the 2nd defendant to demand “important
documents” related to Suit 700. On 8 June 2015, the 2nd defendant forwarded
this email to the plaintiff, calling it a “rude missive” from Mr Kuhadas, and
saying that Mr Kuhadas was “pulling all stops to come after [the 2nd
defendant]”. The 2nd defendant also offered to “discuss the possibility of
utilising Magnetron to go after [Mr Kuhadas]”. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

AB Vol 30 at pp 7929–7930.

41 The 2nd defendant testified that in his meeting with the plaintiff on 10
June 2015, they discussed, inter alia, checking what items “were incorrectly
or unlawfully siphoned off from Magnetron by Mr Kuhadas” so that they “could
proceed with bankruptcy against Mr Kuhadas through Magnetron”. The 2nd
defendant offered to explore the option of having his firm (the 1st defendant)
take on the matter pro bono such that he would not charge the plaintiff for
his legal fees and the plaintiff would simply pay for all disbursements. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

Transcript, 8 April 2021 at p 15, lines 4–18; DCS at paras 157, 161.

Alternatively, the 2nd defendant was willing to continue to help the plaintiff
by guiding him in the institution of such proceedings, just as he had helped
to guide him in the preparations for his appeal to the Federal Court of
Australia.

42 The plaintiff agreed that during the meeting on 10 June 2015, the 2nd
defendant had proposed “pursuing Magnetron option”, but he said that for his
part, he had not possessed the energy to “commence a fresh litigation action
via Magnetron”. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

Transcript, 6 April 2021 at p 100, lines 1–7.

The plaintiff also initially testified that the 2nd defendant had never
offered him a “free service”, though he later said that he could not remember.
86

##### Foot Note 86

×

Transcript, 8 April 2021 at p 25, lines 18–19, 24; p 36, lines 19–20.

43 On 21 February 2019, some three-odd years after his last meeting with the
2nd defendant, the plaintiff commenced Suit 198 against the defendants.

The issues

44 The plaintiff pleaded the following particulars of negligence:

(a) the defendants failed to apply for the taxation of costs of Suit 700;

(b) the defendants had “carelessly allowed” the First Statutory Demand to
lapse and provided Mr Kuhadas with a “window of opportunity” to sell two of
his properties, namely, the Thane St Property and the Changi Court Property 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 1) dated 23 April 2019 (“SOC Amendment No.
1”) at para 14.

; and

(c) the 22 February 2013 Email was “poorly worded”, failed to communicate the
plaintiff’s intentions to Mr Kuhadas “more clearly”, and “ran contrary” to the
plaintiff’s instructions to “allow Mr Kuhadas the freedom to sell Ballota Park
without encumbrances; to receive Mr Kuhadas’ share of the proceeds (i.e. an
aggregate sum of S$50,000) from the sale … and then to recommence bankruptcy
proceedings against Mr Kuhadas so that the Official Assignee can investigate
the sale of Thane St and Changi Court, among other things”. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

SOC Amendment No. 1 at paras 23, 25, 31.

The 2nd defendant also failed to take steps to “rectify matters when he had
the chance to”. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

SOC Amendment No. 1 at para 31.

45 The defendants did not dispute that in carrying out the work instructed by
the plaintiff, they owed the plaintiff a duty of care in tort. In Lie Hendri
Rusli v Wong Tan & Molly Lim (a firm) [2004] 4 SLR(R) 594 (“Lie Hendri
Rusli”), VK Rajah JC (as he then was) noted that it “is hornbook law that a
solicitor is expected to exercise the care and skill of a reasonably competent
solicitor in discharging his duties” under the retainer with the client: the
“real issue, in any given case” – as Rajah JC put it – “is whether the court
views the standards applied and skills discharged by the particular solicitor
as consistent with the legal profession’s presumed responsibilities and
obligations to its clients” (Lie Hendri Rusli at [42] and [44]). This
definition of the solicitor’s duty of care has been repeated in other local
cases such as Su Ah Tee and others v Allister Lim and Thrumurgan (sued as a
firm) and another (William Cheng and others, third parties) [2014] SGHC 159 at
[70].

46 I now turn to the plaintiff’s first pleaded allegation of negligence.

Issue 1: Did the 2nd defendant breach his duty of care in failing to apply for
taxation?

47 I rejected the plaintiff’s claim that the 2nd defendant breached his duty
of care in failing to apply for taxation of the costs of Suit 700. My reasons
were as follows.

48 The evidence before me supported the defendants’ assertion that the
plaintiff had instructed them to “hold off” from “taxing costs for the whole
matter” as he was having difficulty paying their fees at the material time. In
particular, on 27 November 2013, the plaintiff had emailed the 2nd defendant
asking him, inter alia, to confirm if the costs awarded pursuant to the
October 2011 Judgment were “final” and whether they took into account the
disbursements that he had incurred for the “whole suit”. In his reply to the
plaintiff on 28 November 2013, the 2nd defendant stated 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

AB Vol 28 at pp 7454–7456.

:

… The costs awarded of S$10,000 was only for the hearing for assessment of
damages. The costs of the whole matter has not been determined, because, if
you remember, we did not want to incur the further legal fees to tax the
costs. …

49 The plaintiff did not respond to refute or dispute the 2nd defendant’s
statement that the costs of Suit 700 had “not been determined” due to their
not wanting “to incur the further legal fees to tax the costs”. Indeed, on 2
December 2013, he emailed the 2nd defendant again to ask, inter alia 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

AB Vol 28 at p 7460.

:

… (O)ut of curiosity, what would likely be the cost of obtaining costs for the
whole matter[?] …

50 The 2nd defendant replied to the plaintiff’s query on the same day to say
that his legal fees for taxation of the costs were “estimated to be in the
region of about S$6,000 to S$8,000 (not including disbursements and GST)”. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

AB Vol 28 at p 7468.

When the plaintiff next emailed the 2nd defendant on 4 December 2013, the
plaintiff stated: 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

AB Vol 28 at p 7467.

… As for the issue of taxing costs for the whole matter, I think we will hold
off for the time-being as I am already heavily indebted to you.

51 When asked whether withholding the taxation was a decision he himself had
made, the plaintiff testified that “[w]hen judgment came out, my precise
instructions to him is, go and file for taxation of costs”. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

Transcript, 6 April 2021 at p 116, lines 26–28.

He also maintained that he “never instructed” the 2nd defendant to “hold off
taxation”. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

Transcript, 8 April 2021 at p 81, line 1.

These assertions could not be believed in the light of the evidence set out
above.

52 I add ]that whilst the plaintiff contended during his cross-examination of
the 2nd defendant that the above emails were not “contemporaneous” with his
instructions to the defendants on the issue of taxation of costs, I did not
find that this contention in any way assisted him. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

Transcript, 8 April 2021 at p 80, lines 29–31.

If he had in fact given the 2nd defendant specific instructions to proceed
with the taxation of his costs, then I would have expected him to dispute or
to express surprise (at the very least) at the 2nd defendant’s remark that the
costs had not been determined because they had not wanted to incur the further
costs of taxation. Instead, his responses to the 2nd defendant’s remark
appeared to me to be an implicit but clear acknowledgement of the truth of the
latter’s remark; and he had no explanation – whether in his affidavit of
evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”) or in his testimony in cross-examination – for
those responses.

53 As I accepted that it was the plaintiff himself who had instructed the
defendants to “hold off” from taxing the costs, there was no question of the
defendants having breached their duty of care to him by “failing” to apply for
taxation. In refraining from doing so, the defendants were simply complying
with the plaintiff’s instructions.

Issue 2: Did the defendants negligently allow the First Statutory Demand to
lapse?

54 I also rejected the plaintiff’s claim against the defendants for their
conduct in allowing the First Statutory Demand to lapse. My reasons were as
follows.

55 The plaintiff claimed that the defendants had allowed the First Statutory
Demand to lapse and thus provided Mr Kuhadas with a “window of opportunity” to
sell two properties. The defendants argued in their closing submissions that
the parties had “resolved the matter in relation to” the First Statutory
Demand and/or the First Bankruptcy Application. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions dated 3 June 2021 (“DCS”) at para 17(b).

It was not clear to me what the defendants meant when they said the parties
had “resolved the matter”. If the defendants meant that they and the plaintiff
had entered into a full and final settlement of any claims he might have
against them in respect of their handling of the First Statutory Demand and
the First Bankruptcy Application, or that the plaintiff had waived his rights
in respect thereof, this was not specifically pleaded in the Defence
(Amendment No. 2).

56 However, the defendants did plead in para 14 of their Defence that the
defence of time-bar applied to the plaintiff’s claim in respect of their
handling of the First Statutory Demand and the First Bankruptcy Application (s
6(1)(a) of the Limitation Act (Cap 163, 1996 Rev Ed) (“Limitation Act”). 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

Defence (Amendment No. 2) dated 12 March 2020 (“Defence (Amendment No. 2)”) at
para 14.

Regard must then be had to the plaintiff’s response in his Reply to the
defendants’ pleading of this time-bar defence. In the Reply (Amendment No. 2)
filed by the plaintiff (or, more precisely, filed by his then solicitors on
his behalf) on 8 December 2020, it was stated in para 14:

Paragraph 14 of the Defence (Amendment No. 2) is admitted insofar as the 2nd
Defendant’s error, in allowing the Statutory Demand issued on 3 February 2012
to lapse, is time-barred. …

57 Para 14 of the Reply (Amendment No. 2) went on to state that “but for the
2nd Defendant’s error, the Plaintiff could have relied on the powers vested in
the Official Assignee to recover the proceeds from the sale of the said
properties”. This second sentence of para 14 of the Reply (Amendment No. 2)
was clearly a response to that portion of para 14 of the Defence (Amendment
No. 2) which was not expressly admitted by the plaintiff, ie the assertion
that in any event, the First Statutory Demand would not have lapsed in May
2012 and “would not have prevented Mr Kuhadas from selling his properties”.
This second sentence did not detract from the admission in the preceding
sentence that, in respect of para 14 of the Defence (Amendment No. 2), the
“2nd Defendant’s error, in allowing the Statutory Demand issued on 3 February
2012 to lapse, [was] time-barred”.

58 With respect, this admission in the Reply (Amendment No. 2) of the time-bar
defence in respect of the alleged error in allowing the First Statutory Demand
to lapse was not addressed by the plaintiff, who appeared to have proceeded on
the basis that no such admission was made. The plaintiff certainly did not
show any reason why I should disregard this admission of time-bar.

59 In the interests of completeness, it should be noted that in the last
sentence in para 15 of the Reply (Amendment No. 2), it was stated that the
defendants “cannot rely on Section 6(1)(a) of the Limitation Act (Cap. 163)
because their error, which resulted in the sale of the said properties, is
simply stated to debunk allegations of Mr Kuhadas’ impecuniosity”. However,
para 15 of the Reply (Amendment No. 2) was expressly stated to be a response
to para 15 of the Defence (Amendment No. 2), which did not in any way relate
to the defendants’ reliance on the defence of time-bar. Read in context,
therefore, it did not appear that the last sentence in para 15 of the Reply
(Amendment No. 2) in any way qualified the plaintiff’s clear admission of
time-bar in para 14 of his Reply (Amendment No. 2). In any event, with
respect, the reason given in para 15 of his Reply (Amendment No. 2) for the
defendants’ alleged inability to rely on section 6(1)(a) of the Limitation Act
appeared garbled and made no sense (“because their error, which resulted in
the sale of the said properties, is simply stated to debunk allegations of Mr
Kuhadas’ impecuniosity”).

60 Even if I were to assume, for the sake of argument, that the admission in
para 14 of the Reply (Amendment No. 2) could somehow be disregarded, the
defendants having raised a limitation defence in para 14 of their Defence
(Amendment No. 2), the burden would have fallen on the plaintiff to prove that
his claim fell within the limitation period, and in particular, to prove that
the date of accrual of his cause of action in negligence fell within the
limitation period (IPP Financial Advisers Pte Ltd v Saimee bin Jumaat and
another appeal [2020] 2 SLR 272 at [36]–[41]). On the evidence adduced before
me, it was simply not possible to say that the plaintiff had proven this.

61 In particular, it should be noted that the 2nd defendant had consistently
testified that, upon discovering the First Bankruptcy Application had been
filed one to two days out of time, he had called the plaintiff to apologise
for his fault and to offer to absorb the cost and disbursements related to the
filing of another bankruptcy application. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

Transcript, 8 April 2021 at p 73, lines 6–14.

According to the 2nd defendant, the plaintiff had accepted his apology and his
offer – which testimony the plaintiff himself informed me he accepted. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

Transcript, 8 April 2021, at p 73, lines 4–15.

The 2nd defendant’s evidence was also consistent with the evidence given by
the plaintiff himself in his AEIC and in cross-examination. In his AEIC, the
plaintiff stated that sometime in July 2012, he had been told by the 2nd
defendant that the First Statutory Demand had “lapsed due to an oversight”.
101

##### Foot Note 101

×

KG AEIC at para 42.

The plaintiff also recounted in his AEIC the steps taken by the 2nd defendant
to “acknowlegde [sic] and compensate for his error” 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

KG AEIC at para 43.

: according to the plaintiff, the latter had waived his fees for the refiling
of the bankruptcy application and had also offered him “heavily discounted
rates” for other applications filed around the same period. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

KG AEIC at para 43.

In cross-examination the plaintiff repeated much of this evidence, adding that
“the fault needed to lie with [the 2nd defendant]” and that he had “agreed” to
the latter’s offer to “rectify the situation”. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

Transcript, 6 April 2021 at p 124 line 9–p 128, line 6.

It was not disputed that the Second Bankruptcy Application was filed on 30
August 2012; and that several other applications were also filed in the period
between August 2012 and January 2013, including an application to garnish Mr
Kuhadas’ bank accounts and a writ of seizure and sale against his shares in
Magnetron.

62 On his own admission, therefore, the plaintiff was already aware of the
defendants’ “oversight” vis-à-vis the First Bankruptcy Application sometime in
July 2012 and certainly prior to 30 August 2012 – more than six years prior to
the filing of the present writ on 21 February 2019. On his own admission, he
was at the same time aware of – and agreeable to – the 2nd defendant’s offer
to “rectify the situation”.

63 To sum up on this issue, I reiterate that it appeared from the pleadings
that the plaintiff had admitted the time-bar defence in respect of the “2nd
Defendant’s error, in allowing the Statutory Demand issued on 3 February 2012
to lapse”; and even assuming for the sake of argument I were somehow able to
disregard this admission, it was also clear from the evidence that the
plaintiff was unable to show that his claim fell within the limitation period.

Issue 3: Was the 22 February 2013 Email negligently drafted?

64 I also rejected the plaintiff’s claim that the 2nd defendant had breached
his duty of care in the drafting of the 22 February 2013 Email. My reasons
were as follows.

65 The plaintiff claimed that the 22 February 2013 Email was “poorly worded”,
failed to “communicate [the plaintiff’s] intentions to Mr Kuhadas more
clearly”, and “ran contrary to [the plaintiff’s] instructions”, and that the
2nd defendant also failed to take steps to “rectify matters when he had the
chance to”.

66 In this connection, the defendants made it clear that they, like the
plaintiff, always understood that the agreement documented in the 22 February
2013 Email was not intended to be a full and final settlement of the entire
judgment sum obtained in Suit 700; it related only to the withdrawal of the
Second Bankruptcy Application, and that was only for the purpose of allowing
Mr Kuhadas to sell the Ballota Park Property free from encumbrances. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

DCS at paras 59, 65.

The defendants asserted that the 22 February 2013 Email, as drafted, conveyed
this intention, and that Mr Kuhadas could not have construed it as a full and
final settlement of the entire judgment sum. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

DCS at para 94.

67 The plaintiff disputed this. One key source of the plaintiff’s grievance
arose from the fact that after he had registered the October 2011 Judgment
with the Supreme Court of New South Wales on 14 February 2014 and served the
Australian Bankruptcy Notice on Mr Kuhadas, the latter’s application to set
aside the Australian Bankruptcy Notice was allowed by the FCC. The FCC held,
inter alia, that Mr Kuhadas at the very least had “raised an arguable case
that the effect of [the 22 February 2013 Email] was to discharge Mr Kuhadas of
his obligation to satisfy the [October 2011 Judgment]”. As noted earlier, this
finding was upheld by the Federal Court of Australia.

68 In respect of the Australian courts’ findings on the construction of the 22
February 2013 Email, the defendants raised a preliminary argument that these
findings did not bind the Singapore courts in the context of the present
proceedings. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

DCS at para 66.

I thought this was correct because, inter alia, the parties to the present
proceedings are clearly not the same as the parties in the Australian
proceedings (The “Vasiliy Golovnin” [2007] 4 SLR(R) 277 at [36]–[38]).

69 However, this was not the nub of the matter. More importantly, as Judith
Prakash J (as she then was) pointed out in Tan & Au LLP v Goh Teh Lee [2012] 4
SLR 1 (“Goh Teh Lee” at [63]–[68]), in determining in the context of a
professional negligence claim whether a solicitor has exercised reasonable
skill and care, the solicitor should be judged in the light of the
circumstances at the time: the court should refrain from assessing the
situation with the benefit of hindsight. As a related point, as VK Rajah JA
noted in Zhou Tong and others v Public Prosecutor [2010] 4 SLR 534 (“Zhou
Tong”) (at [20]), solicitors are not expected to always “get it right”:

… The essential question is whether the solicitor had faithfully and
diligently directed his mind to the facts of his client’s case, and to the
applicable law. If solicitors make the effort to conscientiously consider and
evaluate all pertinent aspects of their client’s cases, there is no need for
undue concern even if the court determines that there is ultimately no merit
in the case. …

70 The Australian courts’ findings on the construction of the 22 February 2013
Email were therefore not conclusive or even directly probative as to any
negligence by the 2nd defendant in the drafting of that email. The key
question was whether, in drafting the 22 February 2013 Email in the terms that
he did, the 2nd defendant was guilty of any error which no reasonably
competent solicitor would have made.

71 The plaintiff argued that the 2nd defendant should have stated expressly
that there was no full and final settlement of the entire judgment sum and
that the plaintiff’s rights were reserved in respect of any unpaid balance.
108

##### Foot Note 108

×

KG AEIC at para 55; Transcript, 7 April 2021 at p 71, lines 29–31.

The 2nd defendant, on the other hand, contended that in the light of the state
of the law at the time and the communications he had with Mr Kuhadas leading
up to the 22 February 2013 Email, there was no need for him to make these
express stipulations as it was clear that the 22 February 2013 Email related
only to the withdrawal of the Second Bankruptcy Application, for the purpose
of facilitating the sale of the Ballota Park Property. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

DCS at paras 81–82, 86; Transcript, 7 April 2021 at p 74 line 24–p 75 line 9.

72 I accepted the 2nd defendant’s submission. For one thing, as the 2nd
defendant had noted, at the material time, the caselaw from the Singapore
courts indicated that in considering whether an agreement amounted to a
settlement agreement, the court would consider the substance of the agreement
rather than its form; and in so doing, the court would consider the context in
which the agreement was arrived at, including the preceding negotiations
between the parties (Man Financial (S) Pte Ltd (formerly known as E D & F Man
International (S) Pte Ltd v Wong Bark Chuan David [2008] 1 SLR(R) 663 (“Man
Financial”)). Indeed, in Man Financial the Court of Appeal (“CA”) emphasised
that if a particular agreement between existing contractual parties is
intended to encompass or embody a settlement or compromise, then the prudent
thing for the parties to do would be to state this clearly in the contract
itself (at [40]):

If that is not done, the court will … construe the contract concerned
objectively, having regard to the relevant terms in the context in which they
were arrived at and the substance of the contract. In the final analysis,
substance is more important than form.

[emphasis in original]

73 In Man Financial, the CA reviewed the correspondence between the parties
leading up to the conclusion of a Termination Agreement executed on 23 June
2005 (at [6] and [25]–[39]), before concluding that the correspondence pointed
to the Termination Agreement being “centred on the closure of the existing
employment relationship between the appellant and the respondent” (at [40]) –
as opposed to its being a contract to compromise or settle existing disputes
between the parties in respect of existing covenants in restraint of trade
(the latter having been the appellant’s contention).

74 In arriving at its decision in Man Financial, the CA referred, inter
alia,to its own decision in Sandar Aung v Parkway Hospitals Singapore Pte Ltd
(trading as Mount Elizabeth Hospital) and another [2007] 2 SLR(R) 891 (“Sandar
Aung”). In Sandar Aung, the CA noted (at [29]) that:

… No contract exists in a vacuum and, consequently, its language must be
construed in the context in which the contract concerned has been made. We
would go so far as to state that even if the plain language of the contract
appears otherwise clear, the construction consequently placed on such language
should not be inconsistent with the context in which the contract was entered
into if this context is clear or even obvious, since the context and
circumstances in which the contract was made would reflect the intention of
the parties when they entered into the contract and utilised the (contractual)
language they did. …

75 To the above, it should be added that per the long-standing House of Lords
decision in Foakes v Beer (1884) 9 App Cas 605 (“Foakes v Beer”), followed by
the English Court of Appeal in In re Selectmove Ltd [1995] 1 WLR 474 (“In re
Selectmove Ltd”), a promise to accept part payment cannot found a fresh
contract to discharge a larger debt for want of consideration, unless the
promisor receives some additional benefit. In the interests of completeness,
it may be noted that these cases were referenced by the CA in Gay Choon Ing v
Loh Sze Ti Terence Peter and another appeal [2009] 2 SLR(R) 332 (“Gay Choon
Ing”), in a coda to its judgment which discussed opposing views on the
continued relevance of the doctrine of consideration. The CA noted, inter
alia, that it was not subject to the same constraints which bound the English
CA in In re Selectmove Ltd to follow the House of Lords’ decision in Foakes v
Beer (at [103]). In the event, the CA in Gay Choon Ing took no final position
on the applicability of the English position and concluded its analysis with
the caution that its view on the subject of consideration was only provisional
(at [117]–[118]).

76 Turning back to the present case: as with the parties in Man Financial who
had entered into correspondence with each other before executing the
Termination Agreement, the 2nd defendant (on behalf of the plaintiff) and Mr
Kuhadas too entered into email correspondence over a period of a few months
prior to the conclusion of the agreement seen in the 22 February 2013 Email.
The context of this email correspondence was clear: from the outset, it was
evident that the 2nd defendant (on behalf of the plaintiff) and Mr Kuhadas
were concerned with the issue of how the Second Bankruptcy Application should
be dealt with. Following the filing of the Second Bankruptcy Application on 30
August 2012, Mr Kuhadas had corresponded with the 2nd defendant in an attempt
to persuade the plaintiff to refrain from proceeding with the bankruptcy
proceedings. A recurring theme in Mr Kuhadas’ emails was his lament that he
had no money and had been obliged to sell off “whatever assets [he] had to pay
for [his] personal expenses/debts”. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

BSS AEIC Vol 3 at p 653, Mr Kuhadas’ email of 29 September 2012.

On 3 October 2012, Mr Kuhadas had informed the 2nd defendant that he had “no
objection to selling the only property in Singapore” which he still held,
together with his wife and sister-in-law (the Ballota Park Property) – though
he also claimed that “there may not be much equity left”. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

AB Vol 22 at pp 5666–5667.

From the outset, however, it was made clear by the 2nd defendant to Mr Kuhadas
that any funds realised from a sale of Ballota Park would only go towards part
payment of the judgment debt. This may be seen in the 2nd defendant’s email to
Mr Kuhadas on 24 October 2012, in which he had told the latter in no uncertain
terms: 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

BSS AEIC Vol 3 at p 647.

… For the Ballota Park property, please let us have an estimate of the
outstanding owed to the bank (if any) and the estimated sale price. Our client
is agreeable in principle to your sale of the property so that you can then
realise the cash to make at least part payment of the judgment debt, so long
as the sale can yield a reasonable price. …

[emphasis added]

77 As will be seen in the subsequent correspondence, Mr Kuhadas was well aware
of the difference between a part payment of the judgment debt and full and
final settlement of the same; and it was apparent that he did not initially
give up all hope of achieving the latter. In his email on 2 January 2013, Mr
Kuhadas enumerated what he thought were the “3 courses of action” open to the
plaintiff in respect of the monies owed to him pursuant to the Suit 700
judgment: according to Mr Kuhadas, the plaintiff could choose to have him
adjudged a bankrupt; or the plaintiff could postpone the bankruptcy
proceedings with a view to tracking down his (Mr Kuhadas’) assets; or the
plaintiff could discontinue the bankruptcy proceedings in return for half of
the sale proceeds due to Mr Kuhadas after disposal of the Ballota Park
Property. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

BSS AEIC Vol 3 at pp 718-719.

Mr Kuhadas indicated his preference for the last option. However, his
suggestion was firmly rebuffed on the same day by the 2nd defendant (on behalf
of the plaintiff), who indicated that the plaintiff was inclined to proceed
with the second option (postponing the bankruptcy proceedings with a view to
tracking down Mr Kuhadas’ assets). 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

BSS AEIC Vol 3 at pp 717.

This rebuff would have signalled clearly to Mr Kuhadas that the plaintiff was
not interested in an option that involved accepting from him a part payment in
full and final settlement of his liability for the judgment debt.

78 Mr Kuhadas broached the idea of selling the Ballota Park Property again on
21 January 2013. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

BSS AEIC Vol 3 at pp 716-717.

This time, he stated that his sister-in-law (who was one of the three co-
owners of the Ballota Park Property together with him and his wife) had agreed
to advance him a sum of $50,000 “as a one time settlement inorder [sic] for
Kevin [the plaintiff] to drop the bankrutpcy [sic] against him [Mr Kuhadas] so
that the property can be sold without much difficulty” [emphasis added]. Mr
Kuhadas explained that his sister-in-law was desirous of recouping her CPF
contributions to the property and did not want to get “embroiled” in his
“dillemma [sic]” (presumably his various debts); further, that he himself was
running out of funds; that if the plaintiff wanted “some money”, then the
“best course of action” was for the Ballota Park Property to be sold; and that
the sale would “only go through smoothly and fetch a good price” if there were
no “emcumbrances [sic]” in the form of a bankruptcy application against one of
its co-owners (Mr Kuhadas).

79 Mr Kuhadas’ email of 21 January 2013 was important because this was the
first time that the sum of $50,000 was offered; and the email showed the
context in which the sum was brought up. As seen above, this was the amount Mr
Kuhadas’ sister-in-law was willing to lend him to persuade the plaintiff to
“drop” the bankruptcy application and to let the sale of the Ballota Park
Property go ahead smoothly. This email of 21 January 2013 was also important
because it showed that Mr Kuhadas’ offer of a $50,000 payment was not stated
by him to be in full and final satisfaction of the judgment sum of
$1,226,289.70 owed to the plaintiff. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

AB Vol 18 at p 4500.

Instead, Mr Kuhadas himself stated that the $50,000 payment was being offered
“inorder [sic] for Kevin [the plaintiff] to drop the bankrutpcy [sic]… so that
the property can be sold without much difficulty and [Mr Kuhadas’ sister-in-
law] will get her CPF investments back” [emphasis added]. The 2nd defendant’s
reply to Mr Kuhadas on the same day showed that he was of the same
understanding as the latter: he sought more details of “what [the plaintiff]
can possibly realise from the sale of Ballota Park” so that the plaintiff
could “decide whether this will persuade him to withdraw the bankruptcy
application”; 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

BSS AEIC Vol 3 at pp 715.

and as with Mr Kuhadas’ own email, there was no mention either in the 2nd
defendant’s email that any funds received by the plaintiff pursuant to Mr
Kuhadas’ suggestion would be in full and final settlement of his entire
judgment debt.

80 In this connection, I noted that the Australian courts – both at the FCC
and the Federal Court level – had opined that it “would be commercial
nonsense” for the parties to have agreed that the plaintiff would withdraw the
Second Bankruptcy Application on the basis that he was free subsequently to
reissue another bankruptcy application or to take other enforcement action in
respect of the remaining judgment sum: in the words of Gleeson J, “[i]f that
was the agreement, all that Mr Kuhadas gained was a delay of the date of his
bankruptcy”. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

AB Vol 5 at p 1125, para 54 (judgment of the FCC); AB Vol 7 at p 1687, para 42
(judgment of the Federal Court of Australia).

The Australian courts did not refer to Mr Kuhadas’ email of 21 January 2013:
indeed, it is not disputed that the email correspondence between him and the
2nd defendant prior to 22 February 2013 was never put before the FCC; and the
plaintiff’s application to put in evidence this email correspondence on appeal
was rejected by the Federal Court of Australia. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

AB Vol 7 at p 1683, para 26. The Federal Court stated in its judgment that
even if the 19 emails which the plaintiff applied unsuccessfully to admit in
evidence were considered, “one or more” of these emails might be relevant, but
it was “far from clear” that they advanced the plaintiff’s case. However, in
the present trial of Suit 198, the plaintiff did not adduce any evidence to
show which specific emails were the 19 emails he sought unsuccessfully to
adduce before the Federal Court.

If Mr Kuhadas’ 21 January 2013 email had been referred to, it would have been
seen that Mr Kuhadas himself set out certain matters which explained why he
was agreeable to the Second Bankruptcy Application being withdrawn simply to
facilitate the sale of the Ballota Park Property at a “good price”: a sale of
the Ballota Park Property would let his sister-in-law recoup her investment in
the property and avoid getting embroiled in his financial problems; a sale
would certainly help him (Mr Kuhadas) as he had been “cracking [his] head”
over the imminent exhaustion of his existing funds and had no job or income or
family support at that point; and a sale would also let the plaintiff get hold
of “some money” since Mr Kuhadas’ sister-in-law was willing to advance him
$50,000 to get the plaintiff to “drop” the bankruptcy proceedings to allow the
property to be “sold without much difficulty”.

81 It should also be noted that in following up with the 2nd defendant on the
above suggestion on 23 January 2013, Mr Kuhadas acknowledged that he was
“currently merely buying time”. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

BSS AEIC Vol 3 at pp 774–775.

Whilst that remark was made in reference to his facing “a number of creditors
waiting in line” and not specifically in reference to the plaintiff, it showed
that as far as Mr Kuhadas was concerned, the withdrawal of the Second
Bankruptcy Application was not about enabling him to avoid bankruptcy for
good, since he knew he could be bankrupted by any of his other creditors.
Rather, it was about facilitating the sale of the Ballota Park Property for a
better price, paying off his sister-in-law’s CPF contributions, getting “some
money” for the plaintiff – and replenishing his own dwindling funds.

82 The further emails exchanged between the 2nd defendant and Mr Kuhadas lent
support to the former’s assertion that both sides understood the 22 February
2013 email was not a full and final settlement of Mr Kuhadas’ liability for
the full judgment sum. On 16 February 2013, Mr Kuhadas emailed the 2nd
defendant to put forward a new proposal which differed substantively from his
proposal of 21 January 2013. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

BSS AEIC Vol 3 at pp 769–770.

As seen above, his proposal of 21 January 2013 had been to pay the plaintiff
$50,000 with an advance from his sister-in-law, so that the plaintiff would
withdraw the Second Bankruptcy Application and allow the sale of the Ballota
Park Property to proceed without encumbrance. On 16 February 2013, claiming
that he had “no money” and that his immediate family was not supportive, he
sought instead to “offer $25,000 as full and final setltlement [sic] to
discharge [himself] from bankruoptcy [sic]”, on the basis that this amount
would be paid from his share of the Ballota Park Property sale proceeds once
the property was sold.

83 Unsurprisingly, Mr Kuhadas’ new offer was rejected by the 2nd defendant (on
behalf of the plaintiff). In his reply on 18 February 2013, the 2nd defendant
stated that the plaintiff was “surprised” with Mr Kuhadas “going back on [his]
word” and that he did not agree with the latter’s proposal for the plaintiff
to “accept only S$25,000” instead of the $50,000 which had been “originally
agreed, for [the plaintiff] to withdraw the bankruptcy proceedings”. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

BSS AEIC Vol 3 at p 769.

Having thus rejected Mr Kuhadas’ new offer, the 2nd defendant conveyed the
plaintiff’s counter-offer to withdraw the bankruptcy proceedings on the
following terms: Mr Kuhadas’ father could pay the sum of $25,000 upfront to
the 1st defendant (as the plaintiff’s solicitors); in consideration of this
$25,000 payment, the plaintiff would “wait until after completion of the sale
of Ballota Park” and “then accept S$50,000 from [Mr Kuhadas’ share of the]
sales proceeds”; and that upon receipt of the $25,000 and “[Mr Kuhadas’]
written undertaking to pay” the $50,000, the plaintiff would agree to withdraw
the Second Bankruptcy Application.

84 Mr Kuhadas replied to the 2nd defendant’s email on the same day (18
February 2013), stating that he understood “Kevin’s proposal” [emphasis added]
and seeking to modify it to the extent that the balance to be paid to the
plaintiff on the sale of the Ballota Park Property be “only $25,000”. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

BSS AEIC Vol 3 at p 768.

The reference to “Kevin’s proposal” showed that Mr Kuhadas knew his attempt to
achieve “full and final settlement” via payment of $25,000 was a non-starter.
In this email response to the 2nd defendant, he made no further mention of
“full and final settlement”. That he clearly understood that the $50,000 to be
paid to the plaintiff would not in fact constitute full and final settlement
of the full judgment debt was seen from his statement that he appreciated the
plaintiff’s “good gesture of accepting $50,000 in consideration of dropping
the bankruptcy action” [emphasis added]. Indeed, he attempted to demonstrate
his own good faith and to assure the plaintiff that he was “not … trying not
to honour [their] initial agreement of $50,000” by suggesting that the balance
$25,000 to be paid upon the sale of the Ballota Park Property should “incur an
interest of 10% p.a. payable to [the plaintiff] till it is paid or when the
property is settled whichever is earlier”.

85 On 21 February 2013, the 2nd defendant replied to Mr Kuhadas’ email of 18
February 2013 to inform that the plaintiff had agreed to accept an upfront
payment of $25,000, with the remaining $25,000 to be paid once the Ballota
Park Property was sold, with interest on that remaining sum to be paid as
suggested. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

BSS AEIC Vol 3 at p 767.

The 2nd defendant also informed Mr Kuhadas of additional conditions requested
by the plaintiff: namely, that the post-dated cheque for $50,000 provided by
Mr Kuhadas’ father would continue to be held as security for the payment of
the remaining $25,000; further, that Mr Kuhadas would sign all necessary
documents to effect the seizure and sale of his shares in Magnetron. In
conveying the second condition, the 2nd defendant added that should Mr Kuhadas
fail to sign the documents, “the necessary application” would be made to court
“for the company secretary to issue the share certificates anyway”: Mr Kuhadas
was expressly warned that “[i]n such a case”, the plaintiff would “obtain
further costs orders against [him] and Magnetron, which will only serve to
increase the level of [his] indebtedness to [the plaintiff]”. This express
warning and the reference to the “level of [Mr Kuhadas’] indebtedness to [the
plaintiff]” was not without significance. Had the parties’ intention truly
been to allow Mr Kuhadas to effect full and final settlement of the full
judgment debt with the payment of $50,000 to the plaintiff, then it was
anomalous for the 2nd defendant to be alluding to potential future increases
in the level of Mr Kuhadas’ indebtedness to the plaintiff. In his email reply
on the same day (21 February 2013), Mr Kuhadas did not raise any protests or
objections in respect of the 2nd defendant’s remarks. While it is true that he
thanked the 2nd defendant for “arranging a very amicable settlement” between
him and the plaintiff, it would appear that he had in mind the “settlement” of
the issue of the withdrawal of the Second Bankruptcy Application, because no
reference was made to the judgment sum in Suit 700 and/or to “full and final
settlement” of his liability for that judgment sum. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

BSS AEIC Vol 3 at p 767.

86 It will also have been seen earlier (at [25] above) that the terms of the
22 February 2013 Email made no reference to the judgment sum in Suit 700
and/or to “full and final settlement” of Mr Kuhadas’ liability for the same.
That email simply stated that in consideration of the payment of the two
tranches of $25,000, the retention of the post-dated $50,000 cheque as
security for such payment and the execution of the documents for the new
Magnetron shares, the plaintiff was “agreeable to withdraw the bankruptcy
application” once Mr Kuhadas had paid the first $25,000, executed the
documents for the new shares, and “unequivocally” agreed to the retention of
the $50,000 cheque as security. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

BSS AEIC Vol 3 at p 766.

87 I should stress that the purpose of this examination of the correspondence
between the 2nd defendant and Mr Kuhadas was not to arrive at a conclusive
finding on whether, in fact, the 22 February 2013 Email did discharge the
latter from his obligation to pay the judgment sum once he had carried out
and/or agreed to the matter set out in items 1 to 4 of the email. That was not
an issue which required adjudication in the present trial. Instead, the
purpose of examining the correspondence between the parties prior to the
conclusion of the agreement in the 22 February 2013 Email was to ascertain
whether the 2nd defendant had breached the standard of care expected of a
reasonably competent and diligent solicitor in the drafting of the said
agreement. Bearing in mind the state of the law at the material time (see [72]
to [75] above) and having regard to the context of the correspondence between
the 2nd defendant and Mr Kuhadas in the period leading up to 22 February 2013,
I was satisfied that the 2nd defendant was not in breach of the requisite
standard of care. On the materials available, there was sufficient basis for a
reasonably competent and diligent solicitor to take the view that as drafted,
the 22 February 2013 Email went no further than documenting the parties’
agreement for the withdrawal of the Second Bankruptcy Application in order to
facilitate the sale of Ballota Park free from “emcumbrances [sic]” and thus to
“fetch a good price” (in Mr Kuhadas’ own words). 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

AB Vol 25 at p 6582.

While it is true that the 2nd defendant did not include in the said email an
express reservation of the plaintiff’s rights to pursue the full judgment debt
and/or an express reference to interest accruing on the outstanding sum,
having regard to the state of the law at the material time and the
correspondence leading up to the said email, I did not think it could be said
that no reasonably competent and diligent solicitor would have acted in the
same manner as the 2nd defendant.

88 Similarly, while it is also true that the 2nd defendant did not state in
the 22 February 2013 Email a “due date for the sale of Ballota Park”, 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

SOC Amendment No. 1 at para 24.

I did not think it could be said that this too was something no reasonably
competent and diligent solicitor would have done. As the 2nd defendant pointed
out in cross-examination, 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

Transcript, 7 April 2021 at p 73 line 28–p 74 line 2.

Mr Kuhadas had an implied duty to cooperate in the performance of the terms of
the agreement in the 22 February 2013 Email by taking the necessary steps on
his part – and this would certainly have included the steps required to bring
about the sale of the Ballota Park Property, since it was a term of the
parties’ agreement that the second tranche of $25,000 would be paid upon such
sale (see Evergreat Construction Co Pte Ltd v Presscrete Engineering Pte Ltd
[2006] 1 SLR(R) 634 at [48]–[50], cited by the High Court in the case of Tan
Chin Hoon and others v Tan Choo Suan (in her personal capacity and as
executrix of the estate of Tan Kiam Toen, deceased) and others and other
matters [2015] SGHC 306 (at [141]–[143]) which the 2nd defendant referred to
in cross-examination). Furthermore, as the 2nd defendant also pointed out in
cross-examination, in the absence of any express deadline, Mr Kuhadas was
nonetheless obliged to perform his part of the contract within a reasonable
time. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

Transcript, 7 April 2021 at p 74, lines 2–5.

This too would have been a well-established principle of contract law at the
material time: see for example the judgment of Belinda Ang J (as she then was)
in Pacific Rim Palm Oil Ltd v PT Asiatic Persada and others [2003] 4 SLR(R)
731 at [31]–[33] and [36], and various English authorities such as Ford and
others v Cotesworth and another (1868) Law Rep QB 127 at p 133 and Behzadi v
Shaftesbury Hotels Ltd [1992] Ch 1 at p 23E.

89 As I noted earlier, the Australian courts’ findings on the construction of
the 22 February 2013 Email were not conclusive or even directly probative as
to any negligence by the 2nd defendant in the drafting of that email. For the
purposes of the present trial, the key question was whether, in drafting the
22 February 2013 Email in the terms that he did, the 2nd defendant was guilty
of any error which no reasonably competent solicitor would have made. In this
connection, apart from relying on the Australian courts’ findings as proof of
the 2nd defendant’s negligence, the plaintiff also gave evidence about the
Third Statutory Demand which he had caused to be issued against Mr Kuhadas in
Singapore on 26 November 2013. Mr Kuhadas applied to set aside this Third
Statutory Demand, and while his application was dismissed at first instance,
his appeal was allowed by the High Court, which set aside the Third Statutory
Demand.

90 Again, I did not find the High Court’s decision in any way probative of
negligence on the 2nd defendant’s part in drafting the 22 February 2013 Email.
Firstly, there was no evidence that the High Court made any finding to the
effect that the 22 February 2013 Email constituted a full and final settlement
of the entire judgment debt in Suit 700. As the plaintiff himself testified,
his own understanding was that the High Court set aside the Third Statutory
Demand on the basis that Rule 98(2)(b) of the Bankruptcy Rules (2002 Rev Ed)
requires the setting aside of a statutory demand if the debt is disputed on
grounds which appear to the court to be substantial; and in this connection,
the threshold – which requires only the demonstration of a genuine triable
issue – is not a high one. 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

Transcript, 6 April 2021 at p 84, lines 12–20; DCS at para 72.

91 Secondly, and more importantly, as I noted earlier (at [69]), in
considering whether a solicitor has exercised reasonable skill and care, the
solicitor should be judged in the light of the circumstances at the time,
rather than with the benefit of hindsight post the occurrence of events such
as an adverse court finding. Moreover, in considering whether a solicitor has
exercised reasonable skill and care, the fact that the court – or another
solicitor – might take a different view from the 2nd defendant on the
construction of the 22 February 2013 Email did not mean that the 2nd
defendant’s view was one which no reasonably competent solicitor would have
taken. Otherwise, any solicitor would have to be in a constant state of
anxiety as to whether a court might ultimately disagree with his
interpretation of a legal point – and that is not what the law demands of
solicitors. As Rajah JA observed in Zhou Tong, solicitors are not meant to be
“on tenterhooks about whether or not the court might ultimately rule against
their clients” (at [20]). A solicitor’s tortious duty of care to his client
also does not require that he “guarantee” that any advice he gives or any
document he drafts will be completely fool-proof and cast-iron. As VK Rajah JC
observed in Lie Hendri Rusli (at [43]–[44]):

… A solicitor is not an underwriter for a client’s business or generally
speaking the commercial wisdom of a transaction. Nor is legal advice
equivalent to a warranty that a legal transaction will be free of risk and
problems.

The real issue, in any given case, is whether the court views the standards
applied and skills discharged by the particular solicitor as consistent with
the legal profession’s presumed responsibilities and obligations to its
clients. …

92 In this connection, I noted that in his Statement of Claim (Amendment No.
1), the plaintiff stated that another Singapore solicitor (Mr Parwani) he had
consulted about his “frustrations relating to the enforcement of the Singapore
Judgment” had raised questions about alleged omissions in the 22 February 2013
Email, such as the omission to reserve rights to pursue the balance of the sum
due under the October 2011 Judgment and to fix a “due date” for the sale of
the Ballota Park Property. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

SOC (Amendment No. 1) at paras 23–24.

In cross-examination, the plaintiff similarly said that after he engaged Mr
Parwani, the latter had “looked through the emails” and said “this can be
interpreted as a full and final settlement”. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

Transcript, 6 April 2021 at p 62, lines 19–22.

However, Mr Parwani was not called as a witness in these proceedings; this was
not a case where expert evidence was adduced before me of industry standards
which the 2nd defendant had failed to live up to.

93 In any event, as I have said, the fact that another solicitor might take a
different view from the 2nd defendant on the construction of the 22 February
2013 Email did not mean that the 2nd defendant’s view was one which no
reasonably competent solicitor would have taken. Indeed, as the 2nd defendant
pointed out in cross-examination, 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

Transcript, 7 April 2021 at p 82, lines 2–6 and lines 12–32.

Mr Parwani had argued – successfully – before the assistant registrar on 18
July 2014 that the 22 February 2013 Email in no way constituted a full and
final settlement of Mr Kuhadas’ liability for the full judgment debt: Mr
Parwani could hardly have undertaken to put such an argument before the court
if he had thought the 2nd defendant’s position so unmeritorious to the point
that no reasonably competent solicitor would advise the point be taken (see
Goh Teh Lee at [85(b)].

94 To sum up, therefore: for the reasons I have given in [71] to [93], I was
unable to agree with the plaintiff that what the 2nd defendant did in drafting
the 22 February 2013 Email fell below the standard of care required of a
reasonably competent and diligent solicitor.

95 It follows from the above findings that I did not agree the 2nd defendant
had committed errors in the drafting of the 22 February 2013 Email which he
came under a duty to “rectify” afterwards.

Causation

96 In any event, even if I were to assume for the sake of argument that the
2nd defendant was negligent in the drafting of the 22 February 2013 Email, the
plaintiff would still have to prove on a balance of probabilities that such
negligence was the cause of his being unable to recover the sums claimed in
his statement of claim.

97 On the evidence before me, I found that the plaintiff was unable to satisfy
me on the issue of causation. In particular, I did not find it possible to
agree that but for the alleged negligence, he would probably have been able to
recover the entire judgment sum from Mr Kuhadas. There was simply no evidence
that Mr Kuhadas had the funds or means available to pay up the entire judgment
sum; quite the contrary, in fact.

98 For example, even leaving aside what one might consider self-serving
declarations by Mr Kuhadas himself, the undisputed evidence showed that Mr
Kuhadas could not even muster sufficient funds to pay the $4,500 costs he was
ordered to pay as a condition of the leave granted to him to appeal the
October 2011 Judgment out of time (see [8]–[9] above). I inferred that if he
could, he would have paid this relatively small amount; after all, he had been
sufficiently concerned about appealing the judgment that he expended funds,
time and effort in engaging counsel to put forward the application for leave.

99 There is one other point which should be made on the issue of causation.
Throughout his testimony, the plaintiff stressed that his objective all along
was to bankrupt Mr Kuhadas so that he could then get the Official Assignee to
“follow the money trail” and to investigate the whereabouts of Mr Kuhadas’
alleged funds or assets. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

Transcript, 6 April 2021 at p 101, lines 9–12 and p 107, lines 7–11; KG AEIC
at para 44.

The plaintiff felt that the allegedly defective drafting of the 22 February
2013 Email was responsible for thwarting his efforts to bring bankruptcy
proceedings, both here and in Australia. However, as the 2nd defendant pointed
out in cross-examination, assuming the plaintiff had in fact managed to
bankrupt the 2nd defendant, he would probably have realised “very little if
anything at all” in terms of monies available to satisfy the Suit 700 judgment
debt. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

Transcript, 7 April 2021 at p 117, lines 23–26; Transcript, 8 April 2021 at p
17, lines 1–12 and p 48, lines 24–28.

Mr Kuhadas’ claims as to the existence of various other creditors have never
been refuted by the plaintiff; and as the 2nd defendant highlighted, there was
actually documentary evidence attesting to the existence of multiple credit
card and other debts. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

Transcript, 7 April 2021 at p 79, lines 19–30; Transcript, 8 April 2021 at p
69, lines 19–p 70 line 7.

In other words, once Mr Kuhadas was bankrupted, the plaintiff would have had
to line up with all the other unsecured creditors – even assuming there were
assets that could be realised for the benefit of the bankruptcy estate.

Mitigation of loss

100 Going further, even if I were to assume for the sake of argument that the
2nd defendant was negligent in the drafting of the 22 February 2013 Email and
that the plaintiff could also somehow prove causation, I found that the
plaintiff had failed to take all reasonable steps to mitigate the consequent
losses.

101 In the Defence (Amendment No. 2), the defendants pleaded that the 2nd
defendant had informed the plaintiff he could “consider using [Magnetron] to
commence an action against Mr Kuhadas” as the plaintiff (or more precisely,
his mother) had purchased the Magnetron shares. 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

Defence (Amendment No 2) at para 26.

According to the 2nd defendant, he had suggested to the plaintiff that since
Magnetron was jointly and severally liable together with Mr Kuhadas for the
judgment sum, and since the plaintiff had control of Magnetron, the plaintiff
should consider the option of utilising Magnetron as the vehicle for the
recovery of funds allegedly owed to it by Mr Kuhadas, his wife and his father.
139

##### Foot Note 139

×

Transcript, 8 April 2021 at p 14, lines 10–26.

As noted earlier, the 2nd defendant had even offered to explore the option of
having his firm (the 1st defendant) take on the matter pro bono such that he
would not charge the plaintiff legal fees and the plaintiff would simply pay
for disbursements. 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

Transcript, 8 April 2021 at p 15, lines 4–18; DCS at paras 157, 161.

Alternatively, the 2nd defendant also offered to continue guiding the
plaintiff in the institution of such proceedings, just as he had helped to
guide him in the preparations for his appeal to the Federal Court of
Australia.

102 Unfortunately, the plaintiff refused to consider this option because, in
his own words, he “was not interested to use Magnetron to pursue Mr Kuhadas”.
141

##### Foot Note 141

×

Transcript, 8 April 2021, at p 24, line 27.

With respect, this was not a reasonable position to take on the subject of
mitigation. Whilst the plaintiff claimed at one point that Magnetron had “no
assets”, 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

Transcript, 6 April 2021 at p 23, line 31–p 24, line 5.

as he himself admitted in cross-examination, he knew that “Mr Kuhadas was
siphoning money to his family members” and that he “needed to commence fresh
action, utilising Magnetron”. 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

Transcript, 6 April 2021 at p 102, lines 7–14.

Indeed, according to the plaintiff, he had found evidence in Magnetron’s
“income tax statements” which showed that Mr Kuhadas had siphoned as much as
$10 million out of Magnetron. 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

Transcript, 6 April 2021 at p 45 line 31–p 47 line 24.

There was also evidence that Mr Kuhadas’ wife had taken $200,000 of
Magnetron’s funds to put up a bail bond for Mr Kuhadas. 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

Transcript, 6 April 2021 at p 103, lines 6–23.

The plaintiff further conceded that he could recover the judgment sum from
either Mr Kuhadas or Magnetron. 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

Transcript, 6 April 2021 at p 105, lines 11–14.

Considering that Magnetron was jointly and severally liable for the Suit 700
judgment debt, it did not make sense for the plaintiff to reject entirely the
option of using the company to recover siphoned funds from Mr Kuhadas and then
enforcing the Suit 700 judgement against Magnetron. Yet the plaintiff could
give no coherent explanation for his conduct. His assertion that it “won’t be
easy taking on Mr Kuhadas’ wife” because “she’s a lawyer herself” appeared to
be purely speculative, since there was no evidence that he had ever had any
dealings with Mr Kuhadas’ wife. 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

Transcript, 6 April 2021 at p 102, lines 9–18.

As for the claim that using Magnetron to pursue Mr Kuhadas for siphoned monies
might be a “useless voyage” because Mr Kuhadas might “draft up a document” to
excuse his misconduct and/or because proceedings might have to be filed
“cross-jurisdictionally”, this was equally speculative. 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

Transcript, 8 April 2021 at p 66 line 11–p 67 line 21.

In fact, the plaintiff did not even bring up these concerns to the 2nd
defendant. 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

Transcript, 8 April 2021 at p 67, lines 23–26.

103 As for the plaintiff’s assertion that he did not have the money to
“utilise Magnetron to commence fresh action” following the Australian
proceedings, this appeared to be inconsistent with the evidence adduced. 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

Transcript, 6 April 2021 at p 105, lines 28–30.

Even leaving aside the 2nd defendant’s testimony about his willingness to
explore doing the legal work pro bono, the plaintiff’s own evidence could not
be believed. According to the plaintiff, his son had been born prematurely
with weak lungs, and he had spent “tons of money” on his son’s 11-day stay in
intensive care. 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

Transcript, 7 April 2021 at p 18, lines 14–17.

However, on his own evidence, his son’s birth had occurred in 2016 – whereas
the 2nd defendant had made the suggestion of using Magnetron to pursue Mr
Kuhadas as far back as in October 2012 and finally in June 2015. 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

Transcript, 8 April 2021 at p 1, lines 22–23.

The lack of funds caused by his son’s 2016 stay in intensive care could not,
therefore, have been the reason for the plaintiff’s decision not to use
Magnetron to pursue Mr Kuhadas.

104 Instead, on the evidence before me, it was clear that the plaintiff’s
resistance to any suggestion of using Magnetron to pursue Mr Kuhadas was
really due to his obsession with bankrupting the latter. According to the 2nd
defendant, when he had broached the possibility on 10 June 2015 of his firm
acting pro bono or his continuing to guide the plaintiff for free in any
proceedings instituted by Magnetron, the plaintiff had retorted: “No, I just
want to make Mr Kuhadas a bankrupt now.” 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

Transcript, 8 April 2021 at p 16, lines 17–22.

This was not disputed by the plaintiff, whose own evidence in cross-
examination was that his “intention was … to bankrupt Mr Kuhadas which way and
ever”. 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

Transcript, 7 April 2021 at p 28, lines 27–28.

Indeed, in the plaintiff ‘s own words, even at the stage of his subsequent
complaint to the Law Society about the defendants, he still wanted “to sue Mr
Kuhadas … to make him a bankrupt, [he] wanted the OA to get involved and [he]
wanted [his] full 1.2 million”. 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

Transcript, 7 April 2021 at p 18, lines 2–5.

With respect, whilst the plaintiff no doubt felt aggrieved at Mr Kuhadas’
behaviour, his insistence that the satisfaction of his full judgment debt had
to come from bankrupting this perceived villain prevented him from taking
reasonable steps to mitigate his losses from the failed bankruptcy
applications by exploring the alternative route of using Magnetron to pursue
satisfaction of the judgment debt.

Pleadings

105 Lastly, in his written submissions, the plaintiff put forward allegations
of negligence by the defendants which were never pleaded: for example, the
allegation that the 2nd defendant acted without his instructions in agreeing
to stay enforcement action against Mr Kuhadas pending the hearing of the
latter’s applications to set aside part of the Suit 700 judgment and for
extension of time to appeal that part of the said judgment (see [7] above).
156

##### Foot Note 156

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions dated 3 June 2021 at paras 16–17; Transcript,
7 April 2021 at p 107, lines 22–27.

106 The general rule is that parties are bound by their pleadings, and the
court is precluded from deciding on a matter that the parties have not put
into issue (V Nithia (co-administratrix of the estate of Ponnusamy Sivapakiam,
deceased) v Buthmanaban s/o Vaithilingam and another [2015] 5 SLR 1422 at
[38]). The plaintiff failed to show the existence of any circumstances in this
case which would justify departing from this general rule. I was therefore
unable to accept allegations which were raised in his closing submissions but
which were not pleaded. In any event, I should add that aside from the
plaintiff’s bare assertion, there was no evidence to support the allegation
that the 2nd defendant acted without his instructions in agreeing to stay
enforcement action against Mr Kuhadas pending the hearing of the latter’s
applications for setting-aside and extension of time to appeal. On the
contrary, the defendants’ letter to Mr Kuhadas’ then solicitors on this matter
was clearly copied to the plaintiff (“cc client”); and there was no evidence
of any protest or expression of outrage from the plaintiff following this
letter. 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

BSS AEIC Vol 1 at p 252.

107 I should also add that in cross-examining the 2nd defendant, the plaintiff
had initially sought to put it to him that he was negligent in (allegedly)
failing to take immediate enforcement action after default judgment was
obtained against Mr Kuhadas: according to the plaintiff, “no advice” was given
to him on the steps that could be taken to “seize” or “freeze” Mr Kuhadas’
assets. 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

Transcript, 7 April 2021 at p 94 line 28–p 96 line 5.

After it was pointed out to the plaintiff that he had not pleaded this alleged
failure in his Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 1), he clarified that he was
not pursuing this particular allegation as part of his negligence claim. 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

Transcript, 7 April 2021 at p 98, lines 24–32.]

In the interests of completeness, I should point out that in any event, the
plaintiff himself conceded in cross-examination that even before he obtained
judgment in Suit 700, he had already discussed with the 2nd defendant the
possibility of freezing Mr Kuhadas’ assets. At that stage, the 2nd defendant
had already advised him on the costs of an application for a Mareva
injunction, and he had accepted that he “probably didn’t have the money” to
make such an application. 160

##### Foot Note 160

×

Transcript, 6 April 2021 at p 110 line 5–p 111 line 14.

Vicarious liability

108 As I found that the plaintiff could not make out his claim of negligence
against the 2nd defendant, there was no basis for his claim that the 1st
defendant was vicariously liable for the 2nd defendant’s negligence. In any
event, it would appear that the plaintiff’s claim of vicarious liability vis-
à-vis the 1st defendant was based on the belief that they were the employer of
the 2nd defendant – which was not correct. 161

##### Foot Note 161

×

Transcript, 8 April 2021 at p 82, lines 3–24.

Had the plaintiff been able to establish the 2nd defendant’s liability, the
correct legal basis for imposition of liability on the 1st defendant would
probably have been s 8(4) of the Limited Liability Partnerships Act (Cap 163A,
2006 Rev Ed) – but it was not necessary to decide this question since the
plaintiff could not make out his claim against the 2nd defendant.

Conclusion

109 After considering carefully the evidence adduced and the submissions made,
I found that the plaintiff was unable to make out his claim of professional
negligence against the defendants. I therefore dismissed Suit 198 as against
both the defendants.

110 As costs should follow the event, I ordered that the costs of the
proceedings be paid by the plaintiff to the defendants. The plaintiff did not
deny that the defendants had made him an offer to settle on 5 July 2019 which
he had failed to beat. In the circumstances, I ordered that costs be awarded
to the defendants on the standard basis up to the service of the offer to
settle and thereafter on an indemnity basis, with such costs to be taxed if
not agreed between the parties within 14 working days from the date of my
decision.

Mavis Chionh Sze Chyi  
Judge of the High Court  
---  
  
The plaintiff in person;

Ang Cheng Ann Alfonso, Ch’ng Chin Leong James, Cheah Shu Xian and Anneson Neo
(A. Ang, Seah & Hoe) for the defendants.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 12 Oct 2021 (14:43 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

