Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the General Division of

  
The

high court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHCR 8

HC/S 388 of 2019  
HC/AD 12 of 2021

Between

(1)| Bauer, Adam Godfrey  
---|---  
(2)| Radmacher, Anne Marielle  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

| Wee Tien Liang, deceased  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

Judgment

[Damages – Assessment]

[Probate and Administration – Personal representatives]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Bauer, Adam Godfrey and another

  

v

  

Wee Tien Liang, deceased

[2021] SGHCR 8

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 388 of 2019 (Assessment of
Damages No 12 of 2021)  
Justin Yeo AR  
18 May 2021, 29 June 2021; 25 August 2021

8 September 2021

Justin Yeo AR:

1 The Plaintiffs, Mr Bauer Adam Godfrey (“Mr Bauer”) and Ms Radmacher Anne
Marielle (“Ms Radmacher”), were the joint owners of a landed property in
Singapore (“the Property”). The Property was sold to the Defendant, the late
Mr Wee Tien Liang. However, the Defendant failed to complete the sale (“the
Abortive Sale”) and the Plaintiffs eventually successfully sold the Property
to another purchaser at a lower sale price (“the Successful Sale”). The
Plaintiffs brought the present suit against the Defendant, claiming various
heads of loss occasioned by the Abortive Sale.

2 Liability was entered against the Defendant for the Abortive Sale, with
damages to be assessed. However, the Defendant passed away intestate before
the trial on the assessment of damages (“the AD Trial”) took place. No letters
of administration were made in respect of his estate, and his only contactable
next-of-kin declined to be involved in his estate and in the present
litigation. This gave rise to a preliminary issue because the framework in the
Rules of Court (2014 Rev Ed) (“Rules of Court”) did not appear to provide for
how the matter may proceed in such a situation. After considering the
submissions by Plaintiffs’ counsel and the helpful opinion provided by the
Public Trustee’s Office, I exercised the inherent powers under O 92 r 4 of the
Rules of Court and ordered that the AD Trial proceed in the absence of the
Defendant or his personal representative.

3 Following the AD Trial, I awarded damages to the Plaintiffs, assessed at a
net total of $242,112.58 (after taking into consideration the Defendant’s
deposit of $260,000). I provide, in this judgment, the reasons for my decision
on the preliminary issue as well as on the assessment of damages.

Background

4 The Plaintiffs were the joint owners of the Property. On 1 March 2018, the
Plaintiffs issued an Option to Purchase (“the OTP”) to the Defendant. Clause
(1) of the OTP stated that the sale and purchase of the Property was subject
to the Law Society of Singapore’s Conditions of Sale 2012 (“Conditions of
Sale”). The sale price was $5.2million, and the sale was to be completed by 21
May 2018. The Defendant paid $52,000 for the OTP. On 15 March 2018, he further
paid the option exercise fee of $208,000. The total deposit paid towards
acquisition of the Property was therefore $260,000.

5 On 18 April 2018, the Defendant’s then-solicitors wrote to the Plaintiffs’
solicitors, requesting that completion be postponed to 6 June 2018. On 15 May
2018, the Defendant’s then-solicitors wrote again, requesting a further
postponement of completion to 31 August 2018. On 31 May 2018, the Plaintiffs’
solicitors served the Defendant with a notice to complete the sale within 21
days of the notice (ie by 21 June 2018). On 21 June 2018, the Defendant’s
then-solicitors again requested an extension of time to complete the sale by
10 September 2018. On 26 June 2018, Plaintiffs’ solicitors replied, indicating
that the Plaintiffs had decided not to agree to any variation or extension to
complete the sale. The sale was therefore aborted, and the Plaintiffs issued a
fresh option to purchase to a new set of buyers on 26 October 2018, at the
sale price of $4.8million. The sale of the Property was completed on 11
January 2019 (“the Successful Sale”).

Procedural History

6 The Plaintiffs brought the present suit on 11 April 2019, claiming that the
Defendant’s failure to complete the sale had resulted in the Plaintiffs
suffering loss and damage, including – amongst other things – a reduced sale
price. Taking into consideration the deposit of $260,000 paid towards the
acquisition of the Property, the Plaintiffs claimed a total net loss of
$301,943.33. The Plaintiffs subsequently revised this figure (see [11] below).

7 On 24 June 2019, the Plaintiffs filed an application under O 14 of the Rules
of Court (“the Summary Judgment Application”), seeking summary judgment for
the sum of $301,943.33 or, alternatively, for interlocutory judgment to be
entered against the Defendant with damages to be assessed.

8 The Summary Judgment Application was heard on 19 August 2019. At the
hearing, Plaintiffs’ counsel urged the court to enter judgment on liability,
and to grant certain parts of the quantified claims, while leaving the
remaining parts for the AD Trial. In this regard, Plaintiffs’ counsel pointed
out that the dispute was as to quantum but not liability. He conceded that
there were certain valid points raised by Defendant’s then-counsel in respect
of some of the sub-claims, but suggested that the court could order the
Defendant to pay the sum of $140,000 up front, being the difference between
the loss of sale price (ie $400,000) and the deposit already paid (ie
$260,000).

9 Defendant’s then-counsel resisted the Summary Judgment Application. He
argued that there was a possibility that if the Plaintiffs are found not to
have taken reasonable steps to mitigate their loss, the Plaintiffs’ claim for
the loss of sale price may be less than $400,000. As such, he contended that
the court was precluded from granting judgment with damages to be assessed
because the court was not in a position to decide whether the Plaintiffs had
discharged their duty to mitigate.

10 The court found that (a) the Plaintiffs had shown a prima facie case and
produced the necessary evidence in support of their claim for breach and/or
repudiation of contract; and (b) the Defendant had failed to raise any triable
issue in relation to his liability arising from the breach of contract, the
only issues raised being purely those relating to damages. As such, the court
granted judgment to the Plaintiffs with damages to be assessed. The court
declined to order that the Defendant pay the Plaintiffs the sum of $140,000
upfront because the Plaintiffs’ mitigation of loss was still in issue, and
instead ordered that this issue be reserved for determination at the AD Trial.
The court also reserved issues of costs to the court hearing the AD Trial.

11 The Plaintiffs subsequently amended their Statement of Claim to take into
consideration some of the points raised at the Summary Judgment Application.
They claimed a revised total net loss of $303,714.71 (after taking into
consideration the deposit of $260,000), quantified as follows:

(a) Loss of sale price of $400,000.

(b) Property agent’s commission arising from the Successful Sale, amounting to
$102,720.

(c) Legal fees incurred due to the Abortive Sale, amounting to $2,782.

(d) Bank interest on the mortgage loan incurred by the Plaintiffs from 21 June
2018 to 11 January 2019 (“the Holding Period”), amounting to $20,275.27.

(e) Opportunity cost of earning interests on the proceeds from the sale of the
Property (ie $2,625,148), calculated at the interest rate of 1.88% per annum
during the Holding Period, amounting to $31,639.87.

(f) Other incidental losses during the Holding Period, ie, pro-rated property
tax of $4,208.15, mortgage insurance of $552.62 and costs of water and
electricity used in the Property of $1,536.80.

12 The AD Trial was fixed in April 2020. However, the Defendant passed away
shortly before the AD Trial was scheduled to take place. Defendant’s then-
counsel sought time to obtain instructions from the Defendant’s family,
including whether someone would be obtaining letters of administration of the
estate. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Letter from M/s Yuen Law LLC (dated 15 April 2020).

It turned out that Defendant’s then-counsel was unable to obtain any
instructions from the Defendant’s family over an extended period of time. On
21 May 2020, Defendant’s then-counsel informed the court that they were unable
to ascertain if anyone would obtain letters of administration of the
Defendant’s estate. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Letter from M/s Yuen Law LLC (dated 21 May 2020).

On 22 June 2020, Defendant’s then-counsel stated that the Defendant’s brother
had indicated that none of the Defendant’s family members were prepared to
administer the Defendant’s estate. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Letter from M/s Yuen Law LLC (dated 22 June 2020).

13 On 9 September 2020, the Plaintiffs took out an ex parte application under
O 15 r 7(2) (“the Substitution Application”) for the Defendant’s brother to be
appointed the representative of the Defendant’s estate for the purposes of the
proceedings, and for the proceedings to be carried on as if the Defendant’s
brother had been substituted for the Defendant. The court ordered that the
Substitution Application be served on the Defendant’s brother. The service of
papers proved to be a time-consuming task. Plaintiffs’ counsel repeatedly
sought adjournments due to his difficulties in effecting service on the
Defendant’s brother. At the third hearing of the Substitution Application on 4
January 2021, Plaintiffs’ counsel informed the court that he was considering
other options such as seeking the consent of the Public Trustee to be
appointed in this matter. At the fourth hearing on 1 February 2021,
Plaintiffs’ counsel submitted that based on his research, the Public Trustee
would not intervene in the present matter, and sought more time to find a
solution. At the fifth hearing on 15 March 2021, Plaintiffs’ counsel withdrew
the Substitution Application. Thereafter, Plaintiffs’ counsel sought
directions at a pre-trial conference for the AD Trial to proceed.

Preliminary Issue

14 As a matter of first priority at the hearing of the AD Trial, I sought
Plaintiffs’ counsel’s submissions on the preliminary issue of whether the AD
Trial could proceed in the absence of the Defendant or his personal
representative.

15 Plaintiffs’ counsel submitted that the present scenario fell within a
“large lacuna” in the Rules of Court. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Hearing of the AD Trial (18 May 2021).

He explained that the Rules of Court did not provide for a situation where the
defendant had passed away post-commencement of proceedings, where no letters
of administration were granted. Given the foundational importance of the
preliminary issue and the absence of any adversarial countercheck on the
position taken by Plaintiffs’ counsel, I directed Plaintiffs’ counsel to
furnish researched submissions to assist the court on the preliminary issue.
After considering the submissions, and given the paucity of cited authorities,
I directed Plaintiffs’ counsel to seek the opinion of the Public Trustee’s
Office on the alleged “large lacuna”. The Public Trustee’s Office provided a
helpful and substantive response. In gist, the Public Trustee’s Office opined
that there was indeed a “lacuna in the law… which would necessitate the Court
[exercising] its inherent powers under O 92 r 4 of the Rules of Court, to
grant the plaintiffs an order for the assessment of damages hearing in absence
of the Defendant or his personal representative”. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Letter from M/s Matthew Chiong Partnership (dated 30 July 2021), enclosing an
email from the Public Trustee’s Office (dated 28 July 2021).

16 Upon careful study of the provisions of the Rules of Court, specifically O
15 rr 6A, 7 and 15 thereof, I agreed with Plaintiffs’ counsel and the Public
Trustee’s Office that none of the provisions provided for the situation in the
present case. To elaborate:

(a) O 15 r 6A relates to proceedings against estates. O 15 r 6A(1) deals with
a situation where a cause of action “would have lain” against a person, and
that cause of action “survives” the death of that person. In such a situation,
“the action may, if no grant of probate or administration has been made, be
brought against the estate of the deceased”. O 15 r 6A(3) provides that where
an action is commenced against a person who was deceased as at its
commencement, it “shall be treated… as having been commenced against his
estate in accordance with paragraph (1), whether or not a grant of probate or
administration was made before its commencement”. Had O 15 r 6A applied to the
present case, the Public Trustee could have been appointed to represent the
deceased’s estate (see O 15 rr 6A(4) and 6A(6)). However, a plain reading of O
15 r 6A suggests that the rule was intended to apply where the intended
defendant is deceased as at the commencement of proceedings; this was, indeed,
also the view taken by the Public Trustee’s Office. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Letter from M/s Matthew Chiong Partnership (dated 30 July 2021), enclosing an
email from the Public Trustee’s Office (dated 28 July 2021).

O 15 r 6A therefore does not directly provide for the present situation where
the Defendant was alive as at the commencement of the suit (and, indeed, has
already progressed past the finding of liability to the assessment of
damages).

(b) O 15 r 7 relates to a situation where a party’s death occurs after
proceedings have already commenced. O 15 r 7(1) provides that where a party to
an action dies but the cause of action survives, the action does not abate by
reason of the party’s death. O 15 r 7(2) provides that where the interest or
liability of a party is “assigned or transmitted to or devolves upon some
other person”, the court may order “that other person” to be made a party to
the action and the proceedings to be carried on “as if he had been substituted
for the first-mentioned party”. In Teo Gim Tiong v Krishnasamy Pushpavathi
(legal representative of the estate of Maran s/o Kannakasabai, deceased)
[2014] 4 SLR 15, the Court of Appeal emphasised (at [50]) that (i) the effect
of O 15 r 7(2) is that “only a personal representative may be substituted for
the deceased person”, this being “fundamental to the purpose of the rule”; and
(b) the phrase “that other person” refers to the person to whom the interest
or liability in the pending proceeding has been “assigned or transmitted to or
devolve[d] upon”. O 15 r 7 is inapplicable in the present case because there
is no personal representative and no known person upon whom the interest or
liability of the Defendant is “assigned or transmitted to or devolve[d] upon”.
This was, indeed, the very reason that Plaintiffs’ counsel had withdrawn the
Substitution Application.

(c) O 15 r 15 relates to a situation where a deceased person had an interest
in an existing court action but was not a party to that action. This is clear
from a plain reading of O 15 r 15(1). It is useful to also refer to Wong Moy v
Soo Ah Choy [1995] 3 SLR(R) 822, where the High Court explained (at [22]) that
O 15 r 15(1) was directed at the situation where “after an action had been
started and both plaintiff and defendant were litigating it, it became
apparent that a deceased person who was neither the plaintiff nor the
defendant and thus not a party to the litigation had an interest in the
subject matter of the litigation and therefore his estate should be
represented in the action” (emphasis added). O 15 r 15 does not apply to the
present case because the deceased person is, in fact, the Defendant who is
already a party to the litigation. As the Public Trustee’s Office put it, “a
plain reading of [O 15 r 15] suggests that it does not apply as this rule
facilitates the representation of an estate in a proceeding to which it was,
hitherto, not a party”. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Letter from M/s Matthew Chiong Partnership (dated 30 July 2021), enclosing an
email from the Public Trustee’s Office (dated 28 July 2021).

17 In the circumstances, I agreed with Plaintiffs’ counsel and the Public
Trustee’s Office that the present situation necessitated the court exercising
its inherent powers under O 92 r 4 of the Rules of Court to hear the AD Trial
in the absence of the Defendant or his personal representative.

Assessment of Damages

18 With the preliminary issue resolved, the AD Trial proceeded on 25 August
2021. Only Mr Bauer gave evidence at the trial; Ms Radmacher did not give any
evidence. During the examination-in-chief, Mr Bauer clarified that the
Plaintiffs had inadvertently overstated the claim on property agent’s
commission – specifically, the Plaintiffs ought to have claimed only $51,360
(instead of $102,720), being the amount that they had paid as vendors of the
Property. As the Defendant was deceased and unrepresented, I posed a series of
questions to Mr Bauer. These questions arose from a combination of my queries
on the evidence before me as well as arguments raised by Defendant’s then-
counsel at the hearing of the Summary Judgment Application. The latter, in
particular, was the best proxy available for arguments that the Defendant
might have raised during the AD Trial.

19 Before turning to my decision on the assessment of damages, it is useful to
first set out the two operative conditions of the Conditions of Sale, ie,
Conditions 15.9 and 15.10:

15.9 If the Purchaser does not comply with the terms of any effective Notice
to Complete served by the Vendor under this Condition, then the following
terms apply:

(a) on the expiry of the Notice to Complete or within such further period as
the Vendor may allow, the Purchaser must immediately return all title deeds
and documents in his possession that belong to the Vendor;

(b) the Purchaser must at his own expense procure the cancellation of any
entry relating to the Contract in any register; and

(c) without prejudice to any other rights or remedies available to him at law
or in equity, the Vendor may:

i. forfeit and keep any deposit paid by the Purchaser; and

ii. resell the Property whether by auction or by private agreement without
previously tendering a Conveyance to the Purchaser.

15.10. The following terms apply to the Vendor’s right to re-sell the
Property:

(a) if on any re-sale contracted within one (1) year after the Scheduled
Completion Date the Vendor incurs a loss, the Purchaser must pay to the Vendor
as liquidated damages the amount of such loss;

(b) the liquidated damages payable by the Purchaser will include all costs and
expenses reasonably incurred in any such re-sale or any attempted re-sale but
the Vendor must give credit for any deposit and any money paid on account of
the purchase price; and

(c) the Vendor will be entitled to retain any surplus money from the resale.

20 Condition 15.9(c)(i) of the Conditions of Sale provides that if the
purchaser does not comply with an effective notice to complete, then without
prejudice to any other rights or remedies available to the vendor, the vendor
may forfeit and keep any deposit paid by the purchaser. This point was
uncontroversial at the hearing of the Summary Judgment Application – indeed,
Defendant’s then-counsel acknowledged that the Plaintiffs had forfeited the
deposit. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions (dated 16 August 2019), filed in the Summary
Judgment Application, at paragraph 21.

In the circumstances and for the avoidance of doubt, I order that the
Plaintiffs are entitled to forfeit and keep the deposit of $260,000.

21 I now turn to address each of the heads of claim in turn.

Loss of sale price

22 Condition 15.10(a) of the Conditions of Sale provides that if on any resale
contracted within one year after the scheduled completion date the vendor
incurs a loss, the purchaser must pay to the vendor as liquidated damages the
amount of such loss. Here, the Successful Sale was completed on 11 January
2019, ie, about eight months after the initial scheduled completion date of
the aborted sale. As the Plaintiffs suffered a loss of $400,000 (being the
difference between $5.2million and $4.8million), Plaintiffs’ counsel submitted
that the Defendant had to pay this amount to the Plaintiffs as liquidated
damages.

23 The main issue that Defendant’s then-counsel had raised at the Summary
Judgment Application was whether the Plaintiffs had sufficiently mitigated
their losses when selling the Property at $4.8million. Defendant’s then-
counsel argued that notwithstanding Condition 15.10(a) of the Conditions of
Sale, the Plaintiffs had to discharge their duty to mitigate and had failed to
do so (see [9] above). In response, Plaintiffs’ counsel took the position that
(a) Condition 15.10(a) of the Conditions of Sale in and of itself
contractually entitled the Plaintiffs to the loss in the Property’s sale
price, and (b) in any event, the Plaintiffs had reasonably mitigated their
losses.

24 Unfortunately, and perhaps because this was not eventually required at the
Summary Judgment Application, neither set of counsel fleshed out in detail how
the common law duty to mitigate interacted with Condition 15.10(a) of the
Conditions of Sale. I therefore directed that Plaintiffs’ counsel address the
issue in his written submissions after the AD Trial. Again, Plaintiffs’
counsel merely asserted that the Plaintiffs were contractually entitled
(pursuant to Condition 15.10(a) of the Conditions of Sale) to be paid the loss
of sale price “regardless of any alleged issue pertaining to the duty to
mitigate”, 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Plaintiffs’ Written Submissions (dated 3 September 2021), at paragraph 21.

spending the majority of his submissions touching on the law concerning
mitigation of loss and his contention that the Plaintiffs had reasonably
mitigated their losses.

25 In the absence of comprehensive legal arguments on the interface between
the common law duty to mitigate and Condition 15.10(a) of the Conditions of
Sale, and given the focus of Plaintiffs’ counsel’s submissions, I proceed on
the basis that the duty to mitigate applies in the present case. The key legal
principles are as follows:

(a) First, the defaulting party must properly plead and prove that the
aggrieved party had failed to fulfil his duty to mitigate loss (see, eg, Yip
Holdings Pte Ltd v v Asia Link Marine Industries Pte Ltd [2011] SGHC 227 (“Yip
Holdings”) at [23]). In relation to pleadings, the defaulting party has to
plead “matters of materiality” relating to the alleged failure to take
reasonable steps to mitigate loss, with “as much particularity as would be
required in the circumstance” (Yip Holdings at [24]).

(b) Second, the defaulting party bears the burden of proving that the
aggrieved party had failed in the duty to mitigate (see The Asia Star [2010] 2
SLR 1154 (“The Asia Star”) at [25], recently cited in JTrust Asia Pte Ltd v
Group Lease Holdings Pte Ltd and others [2020] 2 SLR 1256 at [250]).

(c) Third, in relation to the appropriate level of judicial scrutiny in
assessing whether an aggrieved party’s conduct in mitigation was reasonable,
it should be kept in mind that the burden on the part of the defaulting party
is “ordinarily one which is not easily discharged” (The Asia Star at [25]).
The courts have sought to ensure that “the standard of reasonableness required
of the aggrieved party will not be too difficult to meet” (The Asia Star at
[31]), and there is “certainly support for the view that the court should
adopt a generous approach in assessing the aggrieved party’s conduct in
mitigation” (The Asia Star at [43]). This is because the duty to mitigate may
“appear to be an unfair obligation to impose on the aggrieved party in
relation to a breach of contract (in that the defaulting party is to blame for
the breach of contract)” (The Asia Star at [31]). The Court of Appeal in The
Asia Star also agreed with the oft-cited observations in Banco de Portugal v
Waterlow and Sons, Limited [1932] AC 452 (“Banco de Portugal”) at 506, as
follows:

Where the sufferer from a breach of contract finds himself in consequence of
that breach placed in a position of embarrassment[,] the measures which he may
be driven to adopt in order to extricate himself ought not to be weighed in
nice scales at the instance of the party whose breach of contract has
occasioned the difficulty. It is often easy after an emergency has passed to
criticize the steps which have been taken to meet it, but such criticism does
not come well from those who have themselves created the emergency. The law is
satisfied if the party placed in a difficult situation by reason of the breach
of a duty owed to him has acted reasonably in the adoption of remedial
measures, and he will not be held [to be] disentitled to recover the cost of
such measures merely because the party in breach can suggest that other
measures less burdensome to him might have been taken. [emphasis added by the
Court of Appeal in The Asia Star]

The Court of Appeal in The Asia Star further explained that the observations
in Banco de Portugal were made in response to the defaulting party’s argument
that the aggrieved party should have taken some other action which would have
further reduced the loss occasioned. On this point, the Court of Appeal
cautioned that the court should not adopt too stringent a standard in
enforcing the duty to mitigate against an aggrieved party, because “the court
is not … the best-equipped arbiter of economic efficiency and the options
available to the aggrieved part at the material time” (The Asia Star at [44]).
It is important to bear in mind that the court should determine the issue of
“whether the mitigation measures taken by the aggrieved party were
reasonable”, rather than the issue of “whether the aggrieved party took the
best possible measures to reduce its loss” (The Asia Star at [44]).

26 In the present case, the Defendant did not plead any particulars whatsoever
in relation to his allegation that the Plaintiffs had breached their duty to
mitigate losses. The Defendant merely pleaded bare allegations that the
Plaintiffs were “put to strict proof” that they had adequately discharged
their duty to mitigate their loss, and that the Plaintiffs “have not taken
reasonable steps in their discharge of their duty of mitigation”. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Defence (Amendment No 1) (dated 20 November 2019) at paragraphs 13 and 15.

Such a pleading is insufficient for pleading a defence relating to mitigation
of damages.

27 Aside from the pleading-related issues, the only basis for the Defendant’s
position on mitigation appears to be two articles titled “Singapore private
home prices dip 0.1% in Q4 on cooling measures, up 7.9% for 2018: URA flash
data” (The Straits Times, 2 Jan 2019) (“the ST Article”) and “Don’t expect
Singapore’s private home prices to match growth of 2018: Experts” (Channel
NewsAsia, 2 Jan 2019) (“the CNA Article”). Both articles were adduced in
evidence for purposes of the Summary Judgment Application. The Defendant
relied on the two articles to argue that private home prices in Singapore had
increased by 7.9% in 2018, before cooling in early 2019, 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Affidavit of Wee Tien Liang (dated 10 July 2019), filed in the Summary
Judgment Application, at paragraph 10.

and that there was a 2.3% increase in landed property prices from the second
to third quarter of 2018, before a 1.8% decrease from the third to fourth
quarter of 2018. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions (dated 16 August 2019), filed in the Summary
Judgment Application, at paragraph 42.

28 In response to the Defendant’s reliance on the two articles, the Plaintiffs
adduced a copy of the announcement by the Monetary Authority of Singapore on 5
July 2018, relating to measures to cool the Singapore property market with
immediate effect (“the MAS Announcement”). The Plaintiffs averred that these
“drastic” measures “must have caused property prices in Singapore to slide”
during the material time. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

2nd Affidavit of Bauer Adam Godfrey (dated 25 July 2019), filed in the Summary
Judgment Application, at paragraph 5.

Plaintiffs’ counsel reiterated these points in his written submissions after
the AD Trial. He contended that in view of the cooling measures, it was “not
unreasonable for the Plaintiffs to re-sell the property at the highest offer
obtained some 4 months after the original contract was repudiated”, 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Plaintiffs’ Written Submissions (dated 3 September 2021), at paragraph 13.

and went so far as to submit that the loss in sale price “clearly could not be
averted no matter what steps were taken”. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Plaintiffs’ Written Submissions (dated 3 September 2021), at paragraph 19.

29 In my view, the two articles and the MAS Announcement are generic in nature
and do not relate directly to the Property, or to property of similar class
and location to the Property. They therefore do not provide compelling
evidence in demonstrating the effect of market forces on the sale price of the
Property following the Abortive Sale. In particular, the two articles did not
actually support the Defendant’s assertion that the Property was not sold for
the best possible price. This is because the 7.9% increase in property prices
reported in both articles clearly referred to the overall increase in property
prices for the entirety of 2018. The articles themselves contained
explanations to the effect that property prices rose in the first half of
2018, but thereafter started to decline. Indeed, the ST Article stated that
“[p]rices of landed homes led the slowdown, falling by 1.8 per cent, reversing
a 2.3 per cent rise in the third quarter”, 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Affidavit of Wee Tien Liang (dated 10 July 2019), filed in the Summary
Judgment Application, at page 13.

while the CNA Article explained that the 7.9% increase “was mainly contributed
by what happened in the first two quarters as well as what happened early in
July when developers quickly launched (properties) on the day that cooling
measures happened”. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Affidavit of Wee Tien Liang (dated 10 July 2019), filed in the Summary
Judgment Application, at page 18.

If anything, both articles suggest that the property prices were slowing down
during the period after the sale was aborted and when the Property was placed
back on the market.

30 The Plaintiffs’ evidence relating to the efforts in selling the property
after the Abortive Sale is relevant for purposes of considering the duty to
mitigate. To this end, the Plaintiffs adduced a table detailing the various
viewings of the Property. On this, I make three observations.

(a) First, two property agents were engaged to act on behalf of the
Plaintiffs. As Mr Bauer explained at the AD Trial, one was a “local agent”,
while the other “cover[ed] foreigners and PRs in Singapore”, so that the
Plaintiffs could “cast a wide net” for prospective purchasers. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Evidence of Bauer Adam Godfrey given at the AD Trial (25 August 2021).

There was also a need to cast a wide net, because the Plaintiffs had designed
the Property to adopt the “Australian style of indoors and outdoors”, which
“wasn’t very attractive to the local buyers”. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Evidence of Bauer Adam Godfrey given at the AD Trial (25 August 2021).

In particular, the Property did not have “certain features that would attract
a local client”, such as “having a room for parents on the ground floor”. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Evidence of Bauer Adam Godfrey given at the AD Trial (25 August 2021).

(b) Second, the Plaintiffs had “prepared the house for so many visits”, and
there was indeed “a huge range of visits”. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Evidence of Bauer Adam Godfrey given at the AD Trial (25 August 2021).

It is noteworthy that in the lead up to the Defendant’s purchase of the
Property, the Property was viewed three times by prospective purchasers and
was the subject of two firm offers. In contrast, in the lead up to the
Successful Sale, despite the Property being viewed 17 times by prospective
purchasers, only one firm offer was made (although there was another buyer who
was “very keen”, 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Evidence of Bauer Adam Godfrey given at the AD Trial (25 August 2021).

but who did not eventually make an offer). These points support Mr Bauer’s
position that the market was “very hot in Singapore” 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Evidence of Bauer Adam Godfrey given at the AD Trial (25 August 2021).

when the Property was sold to the Defendant, but had cooled considerably in
the period after the sale was aborted.

(c) Third, the Plaintiffs took immediate steps to re-market and re-sell the
Property. The sale was aborted on 21 June 2018, and the first visit to the
Property by a prospective buyer took place on 29 June 2018. For completeness,
I accept Mr Bauer’s evidence that given the immediate steps taken to re-market
and re-sell the Property, it was unrealistic and impractical for the
Plaintiffs to have mitigated their losses by leasing the Property in the
interim, or by moving back into the Property. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Affidavit of Bauer Adam Godfrey (dated 17 June 2019), filed in the Summary
Judgment Application, at paragraph 16.

31 Having considered the matters in [26] to [30] above, and keeping in mind
the appropriate level of judicial scrutiny in assessing whether an aggrieved
party’s conduct in mitigation was reasonable (see [25(c)] above), I am
satisfied that there is no basis to believe that the Plaintiffs had failed in
their duty to mitigate loss. Indeed, the evidence before me demonstrates that
the Plaintiffs had taken reasonable steps to mitigate their losses. While I am
unable to agree with Plaintiffs’ counsel’s submission that the loss in sale
price “clearly could not be averted no matter what steps were taken” (see [28]
above), that is – in any event – not the standard that the Plaintiffs are held
to. As noted at [25(c)] above, the court is called to determine “whether the
mitigation measures taken by the aggrieved party were reasonable”, and not
“whether the aggrieved party took the best possible measures to reduce its
loss” (emphasis added). I therefore award the $400,000 difference in sale
price as damages to the Plaintiffs.

Property agent’s commission and legal fees

32 Condition 15.10(b) of the Conditions of Sale provides that the purchaser in
the abortive sale would have to pay to the vendor, as liquidated damages, “all
costs and expenses reasonably incurred in any such re-sale”.

33 In relation to the claim for property agent’s commission relating to the
Successful Sale, Mr Bauer clarified that the Plaintiffs were claiming only
$51,360 rather than $102,720 (see [18] above). He supported this claim by
adducing a copy of the relevant invoice evidencing the sum.

34 In relation to legal fees incurred due to the Abortive Sale, Mr Bauer
adduced a copy of the relevant solicitors’ invoice for the sum of $2,782.

35 As these appear to be reasonable expenses incurred due to the Abortive
Sale, I award the Plaintiffs the sums of $51,360 and $2,782 for the heads of
claim relating to property agent’s commission and legal fees respectively.

Bank interest on the mortgage loan

36 During the Holding Period, the Plaintiffs had to continue to pay bank
interest on the mortgage loan which had been taken out to finance the purchase
of the Property. The Plaintiffs therefore claimed this bank interest, as they
would not have had to pay this amount had the sale been completed on 21 June
2018.

37 The Plaintiffs had initially pleaded the sum of $36,741.69 for this head of
claim. In the context of the Summary Judgment Application, Defendant’s then-
counsel pointed out that the Defendant should not be liable for the entries
relating to “late payment interest”, and submitted that the interest debit
amounts added up to $20,275.27 instead of $36,741.69. At the AD Trial, Mr
Bauer confirmed that the Plaintiffs did not wish to contest the submissions of
Defendant’s then-counsel, and were prepared to accept $20,275.27 for this head
of claim. I therefore award the Plaintiffs $20,275.27 for bank interest
incurred on the mortgage loan during the Holding Period.

Other incidental losses during the Holding Period

38 The Plaintiffs claimed a sum of $4,208.15 as pro-rated property tax
incurred during the Holding Period. Upon my query at the AD Trial, it
transpired that the correct figure ought to be $3,668.65, based on the
property tax of $6,564 pro-rated for Holding Period. Mr Bauer accepted that
the calculation was erroneous, and explained that the $4,208.15 figure was
derived from a calculation between the period from 22 May 2018 (being the day
after the original completion date) to 11 January 2019, instead of the pleaded
Holding Period. He indicated his willingness to proceed on the basis of the
pleaded Holding Period. In the circumstances, I award the Plaintiffs $3,668.65
for the head of claim relating to pro-rated property tax incurred during the
Holding Period.

39 The Plaintiffs claimed a sum of $552.62 as the amount paid for mortgage
insurance during the Holding Period. When queried on the absence of
documentary evidence for this item, Mr Bauer explained that he was unable to
locate the primary documents as these date back to 2018. He explained that the
figure of $552.62 was derived from his personal records, and that the figure
was in any event “a standard amount for mortgage insurance”. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Evidence of Bauer Adam Godfrey at the hearing on 25 August 2021.

Despite the absence of documentary evidence, I find it reasonable to award a
sum representing the pro-rated mortgage insurance for the Holding Period given
the oral evidence from Mr Bauer that the Plaintiffs had paid the mortgage
insurance. There was no reason for me to disbelieve Mr Bauer’s testimony in
this regard, and in any event, the amount in question did not appear
unreasonable. However, I am unable to rule out that a calculation error (akin
to that in relation to the pro-rated property tax (see [38] above) and
opportunity costs (see [41] below)) may have affected the claimed figure of
$552.62. As such, I award to the Plaintiffs $481.77 (being a pro-ration of
$552.62) for the head of claim relating to mortgage insurance during the
Holding Period.

40 The Plaintiffs claimed costs of water and electricity used in the Property
of $1,536.80, as evidenced in utilities bills from June 2018 to December 2018.
At the AD Trial, I queried Mr Bauer on the relatively high utilities bill
despite the fact that the Property was not occupied for six months. Mr Bauer
explained that the major use of electricity was for the swimming pool filter,
which had to be run “between 8 to 10 hours a day, which is lower than the
recommendation, but sufficient to maintain the appearance of the pool”. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Evidence of Bauer Adam Godfrey given at the AD Trial (25 August 2021).

He also explained that there were “multiple lights on in the house because I
didn’t want to leave the house completely dark and vacant”, and that he had
returned to the Property twice a week “to maintain the gardens and so there
was water usage”. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Evidence of Bauer Adam Godfrey given at the AD Trial (25 August 2021).

I accept the reasonableness of these explanations, especially given that
viewings of the Property took place from June 2018 to October 2018 and
maintenance of the Property would have been necessary. I therefore award the
Plaintiffs $1,536.80 for the head of claim relating to the costs of water and
electricity used in the Property.

Opportunity cost of earning interest on the proceeds of sale

41 Plaintiffs’ counsel submitted that the Plaintiffs should be awarded an
amount representing the opportunity cost of earning interest on the proceeds
of sale, as this would restore the Plaintiffs to the position they would have
been in had the Abortive Sale been completed on 21 June 2018. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Plaintiffs’ Written Submissions (dated 3 September 2021), at paragraph 25.

In this regard, the Plaintiffs claimed $31,639.87, representing interest that
they could have earned, calculated based on the proceeds of sale (ie
$2,625,148) at the rate of 1.88% per annum during the Holding Period.

42 Akin to the error in relation to pro-rated property tax (see [38] above),
the figure of $31,639.87 is erroneous. The figure appears to be derived from a
calculation between the period from 22 May 2018 to 11 January 2019, instead of
the pleaded Holding Period. I will proceed on the basis of the pleaded Holding
Period.

43 To support their claim for interest at the rate of 1.88% per annum, the
Plaintiffs adduced a screenshot of the Standard Chartered Bank website which
showed promotional fixed deposit interest rates of 1.8% per annum and 1.9% per
annum (the latter of which applied as a “priority banking preferential rate”).
29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Affidavit of Evidence in Chief of Bauer Adam Godfrey (dated 14 April 2021), at
page 72.

For completeness, at the hearing of the Summary Judgment Application, the
Plaintiffs also adduced a brochure from Cheyne Capital which showed returns of
7% per annum. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Affidavit of Bauer Adam Godfrey (dated 17 June 2019), filed in the Summary
Judgment Application, at pages 43 to 48.

However, the Plaintiffs did not adduce the Cheyne Capital brochure at the AD
Trial, possibly partly in view that Defendant’s then-counsel had contended at
the hearing of the Summary Judgment Application that there was insufficient
evidence about the guaranteed return of any investment with Cheyne Capital. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Affidavit of Wee Tien Liang (dated 10 July 2019), filed in the Summary
Judgment Application, at paragraphs 27 to 34.

44 At the AD Trial, Mr Bauer explained that he was a fund manager employed by
Fairshore Asset Management with 20 years of experience in the banking fund
managing industry. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

2nd Affidavit of Bauer Adam Godfrey (dated 25 July 2019), filed in the Summary
Judgment Application, at paragraph 11.

He professionally invested money for clients, and the amounts invested “yield
between 6 to 12%”. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Evidence of Bauer Adam Godfrey given at the AD Trial (25 August 2021).

He further testified that one of the Plaintiffs’ investments had returns of
about 7% in “the last three months”. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

2nd Affidavit of Bauer Adam Godfrey (dated 25 July 2019), filed in the Summary
Judgment Application, at paragraph 12.

He claimed that based on his typical investments, his true opportunity cost
arising from the Abortive Sale “would be in hundreds of thousands”. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Evidence of Bauer Adam Godfrey given at the AD Trial (25 August 2021).

However, he decided to seek interest at the rate of 1.88% per annum instead.
When I queried how the rate of 1.88% per annum was obtained, Mr Bauer
clarified that this was “an arbitrary figure as a measure of opportunity cost
of the most basic number”. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Evidence of Bauer Adam Godfrey given at the AD Trial (25 August 2021).

He explained that he had sought but was unable to obtain information from
banks concerning a fixed deposit rate for 6 months at the material time. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Evidence of Bauer Adam Godfrey given at the AD Trial (25 August 2021).

While he recognised the inaccuracy of the 1.88% figure, he explained that he
had done his best to obtain a reasonable figure.

45 In response to my query on whether the Plaintiffs had indeed invested the
sale proceeds following the Successful Sale, Mr Bauer testified that they had
indeed invested money into Australia property and other investments. He
further explained that the interest rate on his Australia property was “about
4% plus at the relevant time”. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Evidence of Bauer Adam Godfrey given at the AD Trial (25 August 2021).

In this regard, he testified that if the initial sale had not been aborted, he
could have paid off the Australia property and avoided paying interest of 4%
per annum. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Evidence of Bauer Adam Godfrey given at the AD Trial (25 August 2021).

While he was seeking only interest at the rate of 1.88% per annum, he
explained that this provided yet another “sense of the opportunity benefit I
would have obtained”. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Evidence of Bauer Adam Godfrey given at the AD Trial (25 August 2021).

46 I am satisfied on the evidence before me that the Plaintiffs would have
obtained some form of financial benefit had the Abortive Sale been completed
on 21 June 2018. In relation to the interest rate to be applied in quantifying
the opportunity cost, I decline to apply the rate of 1.88% per annum, for
three reasons: (a) there is no evidence before me that the Plaintiffs would
have been able to obtain a fixed deposit rate that is closer to the “priority
banking preferential rate” (of 1.9% per annum) than the standard promotional
rate (1.8% per annum); (b) the 1.8% per annum rate was a promotional rate
that, in any event, was not available during the Holding Period; and (c) the
Holding Period would not have met the tenor requirement for the promotional
rate (even if the promotional rate was available and applicable). I therefore
apply a discount on the interest rate for calculating opportunity cost. All
matters considered, I award opportunity cost at the rate of 1.5% per annum on
$2,625,148 for the Holding Period, which works out to $22,008.09.

Conclusion

47 For the foregoing reasons, I award damages to the Plaintiffs assessed at a
net total of $242,112.58 (after taking into consideration the deposit of
$260,000). The details are as follows:

(a) Loss of sale price of $400,000.

(b) Property agent’s commission arising from the Successful Sale, quantified
at $51,360.

(c) Legal fees incurred due to the Abortive Sale, quantified at $2,782.

(d) Bank interest on the mortgage loan incurred by the Plaintiffs during the
Holding Period, quantified at $20,275.27.

(e) Opportunity cost of earning interests on the proceeds from the sale of the
Property, calculated at the interest rate of 1.88% per annum during the
Holding Period, quantified at $22,008.09.

(f) Other incidental losses during the Holding Period, ie, pro-rated property
tax of $3,668.65, mortgage insurance of $481.77 and costs of water and
electricity used in the Property of $1,536.80.

48 I will hear Plaintiffs’ counsel on the issue of costs.

Justin Yeo  
Assistant Registrar

Mr Lawrence Lim (M/s Matthew Chiong Partnership)  
for the Plaintiffs.  
Defendant deceased and unrepresented.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 13 Sep 2021 (15:33 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

