Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the General Division of

  
The

high court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHCR 10

HC/S 624 of 2020  
HC/SUM 4702 of 2021

Between

| 1\. TA Private Capital Security Agent Limited  
---|---  
| 2\. TransAsia Private Capital Limited  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

| 1\. UD Trading Group Holding Pte Ltd  
---|---  
| 2\. Rutmet Inc  
  
… Defendants

Judgment

[Civil Procedure] – [Stay of Proceedings]

[Conflict of Laws] – [Natural Forum]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
TA Private Capital Security Agent Limited & another

  

v

  

UD Trading Group Holding Pte Ltd & another

[2021] SGHCR 10

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 624 of 2020 (Summons No 4702 of
2021)  
Colin Seow AR  
16 November 2021

10 December 2021

Colin Seow AR:

Introduction

1 This judgment concerns an application seeking a stay of court proceedings in
Singapore on the ground of forum non conveniens, where the applicant, who is a
co-defendant alleged to have assigned to the plaintiffs a right to enforce a
corporate guarantee against another party, is not the subject of any
substantive claim in the action.

Background

2 On 9 July 2020, TA Private Capital Security Agent Limited (a British Virgin
Islands registered corporate entity) and TransAsia Private Capital Limited (a
Hong Kong registered corporate entity) (respectively “the 1st Plaintiff” and
“2nd Plaintiff”, and together “the Plaintiffs” or “the 1st and 2nd
Plaintiffs”) commenced High Court Suit No 624 of 2020 (“the Action”) in
Singapore against UD Trading Group Holding Pte Ltd (a Singapore registered
company) (“UDT”), claiming principally a sum of US$63,303,806.66. The sum
claimed represents the total outstanding invoice payments owed to Rutmet Inc
(a Canadian registered corporate entity) (“Rutmet”) by a number of its trade
creditors, which are guaranteed by UDT pursuant to a corporate guarantee
entered into between UDT and Rutmet on 15 April 2019 (“the Corporate
Guarantee”).

3 Rutmet was initially joined by the Plaintiffs in the Action as the 3rd
plaintiff, on the basis as alleged by the Plaintiffs that:

(a) the 2nd Plaintiff, as Rutmet’s financier and by virtue of certain anterior
commercial arrangements it had entered into with Rutmet, is a legal or
equitable assignee and/or a holder of a power of attorney in respect of
Rutmet’s rights to enforce the Corporate Guarantee; and

(b) the 1st Plaintiff, as the security agent of the 2nd Plaintiff, is entitled
to exercise the latter’s rights as a legal or equitable assignee and/or a
holder of a power of attorney in respect of Rutmet’s rights just described.

4 By way of High Court Summons No 3114 of 2021 filed by Rutmet on 2 July 2021,
a hearing came up before me on 19 August 2021 where Rutmet sought, in the
main, to “wholly discontinue the claims” against UDT. Although UDT consented
to that summons application, the Plaintiffs objected. After hearing the
parties, I applied the English authority of In Re Mathews. Oates v Mooney
[1905] 2 Ch 460 at 463 (stating the general rule that “where co-plaintiffs
disagree the name of one is struck out as plaintiff and added as defendant”)
and ordered (in the exercise of the court’s discretion pursuant to Order 21
Rule 3(1) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed) (“ROC”)) that
leave be granted to Rutmet to discontinue the claims in the Action only as
between itself and UDT, on terms that Rutmet was forthwith to be removed as a
co-plaintiff and joined as a co-defendant in the Action. In my ex tempore
brief oral grounds of decision, I observed, inter alia, that “[t]he core of
the matter is that [Rutmet] is unwilling to proceed with the action against
[UDT] at the same time as the 1st and 2nd plaintiffs are intent to pursue the
same action in the name and on behalf of [Rutmet]”. No appeal was filed
against that decision of mine made on 19 August 2021.

5 What followed in the Action was the filing and service of a Statement of
Claim (Amendment No 1) by the Plaintiffs on or around 22 September 2021, where
the Plaintiffs amended the original Statement of Claim to essentially reflect
the change of Rutmet’s capacity in the Action from that of the 3rd plaintiff
to a co-defendant. No other amendment was introduced by way of the Statement
of Claim (Amendment No 1) in respect of the substantive claims pleaded in the
original Statement of Claim.

6 On 11 October 2021, Rutmet brought the present summons application (ie, High
Court Summons No 4702 of 2021) seeking, inter alia, the following:

(a) That the Action “be stayed pursuant to Order 12 Rule 7(2) of the [ROC]
and/or the inherent jurisdiction of the Honourable Court”.

(b) Alternative to (a) above, “that the Honourable Court grant a limited stay
of [the Action] pending the hearing and/or final determination of the
proceedings commenced by [Rutmet] against the 1st and 2nd Plaintiffs before
the Ontario Superior Court of Justice … (Court file No. CV-20-00653063-00CL)”.

7 At the hearing convened before me on 16 November 2021, counsel acting for
Rutmet clarified the following points in relation to the summons application:

(a) That in respect of [6(a)] above, Rutmet was not seeking a complete stay of
the entire proceedings in the Action, but rather seeking a stay of proceedings
only insofar as the Action is also now against Rutmet as a co-defendant. In
this regard, counsel further confirmed in unequivocal terms that the sole
ground that Rutmet is relying on as basis for the stay of proceedings is that
Singapore is forum non conveniens, and that Rutmet is not seeking a case
management stay of proceedings in any event.

(b) That Rutmet no longer wishes to pursue the alternative relief mentioned in
[6(b)] above, and that the alternative relief be accordingly withdrawn.

8 It is undisputed as between the parties to the application that the
Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) essentially makes no substantive claim
against Rutmet. In particular, the Plaintiffs and Rutmet confirmed that there
would be nothing of controversy arising from the Plaintiffs’ assertion of a
default by Rutmet as pleaded in paragraph 4(d) of the Statement of Claim
(Amendment No 1), which I drew both counsel’s specific attention to at the
hearing:

4\. By way of general background only and not intended as a detailed account
of the Plaintiffs’ claim (which follows):

[…]

d. [Rutmet] defaulted on its obligations under the financing terms with the
1st and 2nd Plaintiffs. The 1st and/or 2nd Plaintiffs are now taking steps to
enforce their security inter alia against [UDT], and do so as assignees of
and/or in the alternative, holders of powers of attorney from [Rutmet].

9 Furthermore, I note that even though the Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1)
in its subsequent paragraphs (eg, paragraphs 20 to 23) appear to repeat in
greater detail the Plaintiffs’ assertion of Rutmet’s default, no remedy
whatsoever has been framed by the Plaintiffs against Rutmet in the reliefs
section of the Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1).

10 For completeness, it is apposite to also highlight that there is currently
no Defence filed by Rutmet in the Action, and that the filing of Rutmet’s
Defence (if any) is in fact being held in abeyance pending the determination
of the present summons application. Permission to hold off Rutmet’s filing of
its Defence (if any) was granted by a Judge upon Rutmet’s oral application
made in the course of the hearing of Registrar’s Appeal No 138 of 2021 on 14
October 2021, which was UDT’s appeal against another of my earlier decision in
High Court Summons No 3537 of 2020 dismissing UDT’s application for a stay of
the Action against it. UDT’s appeal was dismissed by the Judge, and UDT has on
11 November 2021 filed an application to the Appellate Division of the High
Court seeking permission to appeal against the Judge’s decision. In that
regard, I understand that the filing of UDT’s Defence (if any) in the Action
has also been held in abeyance for the time being.

Whether a stay on ground of forum non conveniens should be granted

11 Central to the present summons application is the question whether Rutmet
can succeed in seeking a stay of the Action against it, on the ground that
there is some available forum other than the Singapore courts which is clearly
and distinctly more appropriate for the “trial of the action”, in accordance
with the well-established principles laid out in Spiliada Maritime Corporation
v Cansulex Ltd [1987] AC 460 (“Spiliada”) (see, eg, CIMB Bank Bhd v Dresdner
Kleinwort Ltd [2008] 4 SLR(R) 543 at [26], and JIO Minerals FZC and others v
Mineral Enterprises Ltd [2011] 1 SLR 391 at [38]).

12 Rutmet contends that either Canada (in particular, the Ontario courts) or
Hong Kong is a clearly and distinctly more appropriate forum to determine any
claim or dispute arising between the Plaintiffs and Rutmet, citing the
following connecting factors:

(a) Any claim that the Plaintiffs may have against Rutmet would arise out of
or relate to the alleged breach of Rutmet’s obligations owed to the Plaintiffs
under an anterior set of commercial agreements and/or deed, all of which are
governed by the laws of either Canada or Hong Kong.

(b) The same anterior set of commercial agreements and/or deed similarly
stipulate either an exclusive or a non-exclusive jurisdiction clause pointing
in favour of the courts of either Ontario or Hong Kong.

(c) None of the Plaintiffs or Rutmet is a party based in Singapore or a party
having assets in Singapore. On the contrary, Rutmet is a Canadian corporate
entity with a registered address in Ontario, and the 2nd Plaintiff is a Hong
Kong corporate entity with a registered address in Hong Kong. The 1st
Plaintiff is a British Virgin Islands corporate entity sharing the 2nd
Plaintiff’s address in Hong Kong for the purpose of correspondence and
notices.

(d) There is currently a multiplicity of courts proceedings involving, among
others, Rutmet and the Plaintiffs which are ongoing in Ontario, the subject
matters of which engage or could have an impact on the issues around which the
assignment of Rutmet’s rights to the Plaintiffs revolves.

(e) Any claim or dispute arising out of or relating to the anterior set of
commercial agreements and/or deed between the Plaintiffs and Rutmet would
likely require the calling of witnesses involved in the execution of those
agreements and/or deed, all of whom are variously based in Ontario, Hong Kong,
India and Dubai, save for one witness in Singapore.

13 The Plaintiffs dispute Rutmet’s case in its entirety for a variety of
reasons. For the analysis that follows, however, I find that the present
summons application can and ought to be determined dispositively on a
preliminary ground of principle, having regard to what is in essence the fact
that the parties do not dispute that the Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1)
raises nothing of controversy as between the Plaintiffs and Rutmet as far as
the pleading goes, and makes no substantive claim or seeks no remedy against
Rutmet at all (see [8]-[9] above).

14 The parties informed me at the hearing that it is their understanding that
is no authority dealing directly with the situation, as in the present case,
where an applicant seeking a stay of proceedings on the ground of forum non
conveniens is not confronted by any substantive claim or controversy in the
action. Be that as it may, a closer examination of the jurisprudence in this
area of law suggests to me that an application for such a stay should not be
entertained unless there is a real dispute or controversy underlying the
specific proceedings which is the subject of the stay application.

15 I begin with Rappo, Tania v Accent Delight International Ltd and another
and another appeal [2017] 2 SLR 265 at [72], where the Singapore Court of
Appeal recognised that:

72 Ultimately, the lodestar for a court tasked with identifying the natural
forum is whether any of the connections point towards a jurisdiction in which
the case may be “tried more suitably for the interests of all the parties and
for the ends of justice”, to use the words of Lord Goff of Chieveley in
Spiliada at 476. This lies at the heart of the forum non conveniens analysis,
and we can do no better than to reiterate the elegant summation of principle
by Lord Sumner in La Société du Gaz de Paris v La Société Anonyme de
Navigation “Les Armateurs Français” 1926 SC (HL) 13 at 22:

… [O]ne cannot think of convenience apart from the convenience of the pursuer
or the defender or the court, and the convenience of all these three, as the
cases show, is of little, if any, importance. If you read it as ‘more
convenient, that is to say, preferable, for securing the ends of justice,’ I
think the true meaning of the doctrine is arrived at. The object, under the
words ‘forum non conveniens’ is to find that forum which is the more suitable
for the ends of justice, and is preferable because pursuit of the litigation
in that forum is more likely to secure those ends. […]

[emphasis in underline added]

16 In the seminal decision of Spiliada (see [11] above), which is the locus
classicus on the question of when a stay would be granted on the basis of
forum non conveniens, Lord Goff of Chieveley summarised the “basic principle”
underpinning this area of law as follows (Spiliada at 476C-E):

(a) The basic principle is that a stay will only be granted on the ground of
forum non conveniens where the court is satisfied that there is some other
available forum, having competent jurisdiction, which is the appropriate forum
for the trial of the action, i.e. in which the case may be tried more suitably
for the interests of all the parties and the ends of justice.

(b) As Lord Kinnear’s formulation of the principle indicates, in general the
burden of proof rests on the defendant to persuade the court to exercise its
discretion to grant a stay […]. It is however of importance to remember that
each party will seek to establish the existence of certain matters which will
assist him in persuading the court to exercise its discretion in his favour,
and that in respect of any such matter the evidential burden will rest on the
party who asserts its existence. Furthermore, if the court is satisfied that
there is another available forum which is prima facie the appropriate forum
for the trial of the action, the burden will then shift to the plaintiff to
show that there are special circumstances by reason of which justice requires
that the trial should nevertheless take place in this country […].

[emphasis in underline added]

17 The above extract from Spiliada suggests quite clearly to me that, as a
matter of basic principle, a determination of whether a stay should be granted
on the ground of forum non conveniens involves a comparative dimension where a
case is contended to be tried more suitably in one forum than in another
forum. Essential to this comparative dimension, if it is to be meaningful at
all, must be the existence of a real and genuine tension in the choice of
deciding, as between two or more jurisdictions, which forum is clearly and
distinctly the more appropriate one where a case may be tried more suitably
for the parties concerned. The absence of such tension in an application for
stay would threaten an overreach of the principles in Spiliada, if those
principles are to continue to be applied by the court to which the application
is made.

18 The analysis set out above would appear to explain why, for instance, a
court to which a stay application is made may, in appropriate circumstances,
decline at the outset to grant a stay of proceedings on the ground of forum
non conveniens.

19 In Baturina v Chistyakov [2014] All ER (D) 38 (Aug); [2014] EWCA Civ 1134
(“Baturina”), the English Court of Appeal was confronted with the issue
whether the lower court Judge was correct in granting a stay of English court
proceedings in favour of the courts of Russia, on the ground of forum non
conveniens. There, the claimant sued for, inter alia, deceit and
misrepresentation alleged to have been committed by the defendant, such as to
induce the claimant to enter into a commercial agreement pursuant to which the
claimant caused loans to be made by a company she owned (Inteco) to another
company owned by the defendant (Sylmord) to fund certain development projects
in Morocco.

20 In overturning the stay ordered by the lower court, Christopher Clarke LJ
(with whom Rimer and Lewison LJJ agreed) held that there was “a logically
prior question which is whether the claims, as pleaded, are maintainable in
English law” (Baturina at [72]) (emphasis added). After examining a line of
English authorities relating to cases involving “indirect” loss suffered by a
shareholder on account of the impact of a loss occasioned to a company which
does not have a cause of action, Clarke LJ concluded with the following (at
[79]-[82]):

79 In light of these authorities I am of the view that the monetary claim as
pleaded whether in deceit or breach of contract is unsustainable. The sum
claimed is the loss of sums loaned to Sylmord together with interest. [The
claimant] did not lend these sums and Inteco, which did, has not lost them.
[The defendant] was not the borrower and did not owe them. The claim pleaded
is not a claim for personal loss indirectly suffered. There is no averment as
to any diminution of the value of [the claimant’s] shareholding at any date or
as to a personal loss which would have been avoided or profit which would have
been earned by her but for the deceit and/or breach of contract alleged. The
claim is for damages quantified by reference to the loans made by Inteco to
Sylmord and the interest thereon. The assignment of the Loans is not even
referred to.

80 It may be that a differently formulated claim would be sustainable. The
court itself raised that possibility and Mr Moverley Smith accepted that that
might be so. It might, for instance, be possible to allege that, if [the
claimant] had not been induced to enter into the Agreement by deceit, she
would not have suffered a particular detriment to her personal financial
position which she has in fact suffered, so that her reliance on what [the
defendant] said he intended had made her worse off; and/or to contend that at
some stage Inteco suffered a loss which affected the value of her shares
which, had the deceit not occurred, she would have avoided, and that her
purchase of the Loans for full value should not be treated as cancelling out
that loss (by making Inteco whole and, thus, restoring the value of the
shares) since, in a sense, it was done in mitigation of it.

81 Miss Dohmann accepted that the pleading was defective. She relied on the
fact that no application had been made to strike the claim out; alternative
ways of putting the case were open; some of them had been ventilated in
evidence and argument; further particulars of loss could be given; and there
was a pleaded claim for rescission and damages arising out of the deceit and
breach of contract pleaded. There has, however, been no application to amend
nor any provision of further particulars and we must treat the Particulars of
Claim as they are. If a different form of claim is to be made it needs to be
pleaded, not least because any new pleading may, itself, throw up new
questions or issues. It is not sufficient to point out that there is a claim
for damages and that they are “at large” (whatever exactly that means).

82 Since the monetary claim set out in the Particulars of Claim is
unsustainable as it stands there seems to me no point in granting a stay in
favour of Russia. We should not export to a foreign jurisdiction – on the
supposed footing that it is a clearly more appropriate forum – a claim which,
to English eyes, is (a) governed by English law in relation to both tort and
contract; and (b) appears in English law to be unsustainable. For such a claim
there is no natural forum, not because several factors point to different
jurisdictions but because the claim itself is bad.

[emphasis in underline and in bold italics added]

21 In sum, it seems that the English Court of Appeal in Baturina found good
reason to hold that the application for stay need not be entertained in a
substantive manner at all, because the claim in the underlying action was so
bad that it gave rise to no real dispute or controversy which ought to be
tried. Flowing from that, if an application for stay on the ground of forum
non conveniens is liable to fail preliminarily for the reason that the claims
in the underlying proceedings are unsustainable, as a matter of principle a
similar application must a fortiori also fail where there is no substantive
claim to even begin with.

22 Applying the foregoing analysis to the present case, the application for
stay on the ground of forum non conveniens must therefore fail. As highlighted
earlier at [13], both the Plaintiffs and Rutmet do not dispute that the
Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) raises no controversy as between them and
makes no substantive claim or seeks no remedy against Rutmet at all. This puts
the matter squarely into the scenario where it can be said that there is no
substantive claim to even begin with.

23 To put it in another way, it is also problematic, given the reasoning set
out in [15]-[17] above, that this court should presume to proceed to determine
substantively a purported issue of forum non conveniens absent a meaningful
comparative dimension in the matter (where there has to be a real and genuine
tension between one jurisdiction and at least another jurisdiction where a
case may be tried more suitably). The current application presents no such
tension because the positions as mentioned taken by the Plaintiffs and Rutmet
on the Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) leads me to find that there is no
substantive claim or controversy to be tried as between the Plaintiffs and
Rutmet in the Action before the Singapore courts. If this court were to
otherwise proceed to determine substantively the issue of forum non
conveniens, it would in my view be stretching the well-established principles
in Spiliada beyond the basic parameters within which those principles are
designed and equipped to operate.

Conclusion

24 For the foregoing reasons, the present summons application for stay of
proceedings (ie, High Court Summons No 4702 of 2021), made on the sole ground
as pursued by Rutmet that Singapore is forum non conveniens, is legally flawed
and/or misconceived given the state of matters presented before me. On that
basis, I order that the application be dismissed.

25 Given the reasoning in this judgment and the decision arrived at, it is
unnecessary for me to address the other points raised by the parties at the
hearing which are not material to my decision.

26 The Plaintiffs and Rutmet are at liberty to agree on costs, or to file and
exchange their written submissions on the appropriate costs order to be made
in relation to this application by 17 December 2021. The written submissions
(if any) are to be no more than 8 pages each for the Plaintiffs, on the one
hand, and Rutmet, on the other hand. Further directions on a hearing for costs
submissions may be issued, if necessary.

Colin Seow  
Assistant Registrar

Mr Chan Leng Sun SC (Duxton Hill Chambers) (instructed),  
Mr Jerald Foo and Mr Nicholas Chang (M/s Oon & Bazul LLP) (instructing) for
the Plaintiffs.  
Mr Imran Rahim and Ms Zerlina Yee  
(Eldan Law LLP) for Rutmet (the 2nd Defendant).

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 10 Dec 2021 (17:52 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

