Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC 90

Suit No 238 of 2017

Between

| Wei Fengpin  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Low Tuck Loong Raymond  
---|---  
(2)| Sim Eng Chuan  
(3)| Lateral Solutions Pte Ltd  
  
… Defendants

Judgment

[Companies] — [Oppression] — [Minority shareholders] — [Whether conduct
oppressive] — [Unclean hands] — [Whether oppression claim can be continued
where company in liquidation]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Wei Fengpin

  
v

  

Low Tuck Loong Raymond and others

[2021] SGHC 90

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 238 of 2017  
Audrey Lim J  
17–18, 21–23, 28–30 September, 1, 2, 13–16, 20–21 October, 9 November 2020; 7
January 2021

15 April 2021 Judgment reserved.

Audrey Lim J:

Introduction

1 The plaintiff (“Wei”), first defendant (“Low”) and second defendant (“Sim”)
are equal shareholders of the third defendant Lateral Solutions Pte Ltd
(“Company”). At the material time, they were the only directors of the
Company. At an extraordinary general meeting (“EGM”) in September 2017, Low
and Sim (collectively “the Defendants”, where appropriate) passed a resolution
to remove Wei as a director. On 15 March 2017, Wei commenced this action (“the
Suit”) against them under s 216 of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed)
(“CA”), claiming that they had acted in a manner that was unfair, oppressive
or prejudicial to him. The Company is a nominal defendant. On 5 May 2020, the
Defendants applied to wind up the Company on the basis that it was insolvent
and unable to pay its debts. Wei did not object to the application and a
winding up order was granted on 12 June 2020 in HC/CWU 130/2020.

2 Apart from whether such acts under s 216 of the CA were made out, this case
presents the issues of whether an application can be made or continued and
whether reliefs can be granted under s 216 where the Company is in
liquidation.

Background and related entities

3 Sim set up the Company as a sole proprietorship in 1996, before it was
converted into a company in 2005 with him and Edwin Seah (“Seah”) as its
directors and shareholders. In 2006, the Company began supplying polymer parts
(“Parts”) to Apple Inc (“Apple”), sourcing the Parts from suppliers such as
Sei Woo Polymer Technologies Pte Ltd (“SWP”). Low joined the Company in 2007
as a shadow director and subsequently became a director in 2012. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Sim’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief (“AEIC”) at [9]–[12], [14], [16]; Low’s
AEIC at [28]; 28/9/20 Notes of Evidence (“NE”) 9–11, 20–21.

4 Wei joined SWP in 1998, then managed by Low’s father (“Low YK”). He became
the general manager of two other entities which were wholly owned by Sei Woo
(China) Polymer Technologies Pte Ltd (“SW China”), a related company of SWP. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

First and Second Defendants’ Bundle of Documents (Vol 1) (“1DB”) 24B; Low’s
AEIC at [11]; Sim’s AEIC at [27(c)]; Wei’s AEIC at [9]–[10].

In July 2003, Wei left to set up Tianjin Synergy Hanil Precision Polymer
Technologies Co Ltd (“SH”) to manufacture Parts. He also incorporated Synergy
Hanil (S) Polymer Technologies Pte Ltd (“SHS”) and was its director. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

17/9/20 NE 19–20.

5 In 2009, Wei discussed with Low for SH to manufacture and supply Parts to
the Company which the latter would sell on to Apple. The Company had no
manufacturing facilities and Wei wanted to improve SH’s capabilities and look
for quality customers such as Apple. From 2010, SH started supplying Parts to
the Company. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Wei’s AEIC at [19]–[20]; Sim’s AEIC at [18]; 17/9/20 NE 20–23; 21/9/20 NE 46;
22/9/20 NE 42; 23/9/20 NE 10.

6 The Defendants wanted to form a joint venture company with Wei, to control
factories in China which could manufacture Parts. On 18 January 2011, Ausom
Polymer (S) Pte Ltd (“Ausom”), an entity indirectly owned by Low, Sim and
Seah, entered into a joint-venture agreement (“JVA”) with SH and SHS to form
SK Lateral Rubber & Plastic Technologies (Suzhou) Co. Ltd (“SKL”). SHS and
Ausom held 51% and 49% respectively of SKL. Pursuant to a supplementary
agreement to the JVA, from 2011, SKL began manufacturing Parts for and
supplying them to the Company for its onward sale to Apple. SH and SKL
continued to supply Parts to the Company until mid-2017. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Agreed Bundle Vol 5 (“5AB”) 1544, 1563, 1574; Wei’s AEIC at [22]; Sim’s AEIC
at [19]–[20]; 17/9/20 NE 27–28; 22/9/20 NE 42.

7 Meanwhile, in 2011, SWP’s parent company, Sei Woo Technologies Pte Ltd
(“SWTPL”), was acquired by the Company, and eventually its shares came to be
held by the Company, Low YK and one Ng Kim Swee (“Ng”). Further, Wei was given
control of 60% of the shares of SW China, previously a subsidiary of SWTPL. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Plaintiff’s Opening Statement dated 10 September 2020 at Annex A; 1DB 24B;
Low’s AEIC at [21(c)]; Sim’s AEIC at [27]–[28].

8 By end-2011, the Company was being supplied by SKL and SH. Around 2014, SK
Lateral Permen Electronic (Suzhou) Co. Ltd (“SKLP”), a company controlled by
Wei and Ng, also began supplying Parts to the Company. Hence the Company’s
supply chain now included three companies which Wei had a substantial interest
in, ie, SH, SKL and SKLP (“Wei-related Suppliers”). 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Low’s AEIC at [22(b)]–[24]; Sim’s AEIC at [28(b)], [30]–[31].

9 In December 2014, Wei bought Seah’s shares in the Company and was registered
as a shareholder and director in January 2015. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Wei’s AEIC at [45]–[46], [56]–[59].

The claims and s 216 of the Companies Act

10 Wei claims that the Defendants had acted in a manner oppressive and unfair
to him as they had: (a) denied him dividends; (b) improperly paid themselves
directors’ remuneration; (c) denied him Company information; (d) failed to
call Annual General Meetings (“AGM(s)”), audit accounts and file annual
returns; (e) diverted corporate opportunities from the Company; (f) caused the
Company to enter into related-party transactions to its disadvantage; (g)
removed him from the board of directors; and (h) failed to call board meetings
and excluded him from management. Wei claims that the Defendants did all these
to exclude him from the Company’s affairs and deny him his share of past
earnings and present and future profits. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions dated 14 December 2020 (“PCS”) at [3], [4],
[65]–[69].

11 The Defendants claim that they were entitled to act as they had done, and
that Wei was not entitled to the dividends or remuneration or information that
he sought, or to remain as a director. They also deny any diversion of
corporate opportunity. They further claim that Wei has come to court with
unclean hands. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

First and Second Defendants’ Closing Submissions dated 14 December 2020
(“DCS”) at [2].

12 Section 216 of the CA encapsulates four limbs, namely oppression, disregard
of a shareholder’s interests, unfair discrimination and prejudice. The common
element supporting these limbs is commercial unfairness, which is found where
there has been a visible departure from the standards of fair dealing which a
shareholder is entitled to expect. In assessing if there has been commercial
unfairness, the court should determine if there has been departure from the
commercial agreement between the shareholders as found in the formal
constitutional documents, informal understandings, or, in a quasi-partnership,
the legitimate expectations of shareholders (Ascend Field Pte Ltd and others v
Tee Wee Sien and another appeal [2020] 1 SLR 771 at [28]–[29]).

Preliminary issues

13 I first deal with whether there was a relationship of mutual trust and
confidence among the shareholders; whether Wei had a legitimate expectation to
be a director of the Company; and whether he was entitled to participate in
the Company’s management and to its financial information as a director.

Relationship of mutual trust and confidence

14 Wei claims that the Company was founded on the basis of mutual trust and
confidence among the shareholders, who are also its directors. He claims also
that it was managed as a quasi-partnership based on that relationship and run
on an informal basis by the shareholder-directors. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 5) (“SOC”) at [6]; PCS at [77]–[78].

The Defendants claim that Wei’s relationship with them began with threats,
lies, mistrust and suspicion. Whilst they knew that Seah was discussing with
Wei in November/December 2014 for Wei to purchase Seah’s shares in the
Company, they had resisted this suggestion, and Wei only informed them about
his purchase of Seah’s shares after he and Seah had executed the sale and
purchase agreement. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

DCS at [113]; Low’s AEIC at [51] and [55].

15 I accept that the Company was founded on the basis of mutual trust and
confidence and managed like a quasi-partnership and run on an informal basis
which continued even when Wei came on board as a shareholder.

16 The Defendants stated that the shareholders and directors ran the Company’s
affairs informally and would independently make decisions for it, without
having to seek approval from each other. Low stated that the Company was run
on an informal manner even before he joined. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Low’s AEIC at [27]–[30]; Sim’s AEIC at [13] and [40]; DCS at [5]–[6].

Seah attested that the Company was operated on the basis of mutual trust and
confidence and like a quasi-partnership with each shareholder-director working
together for mutual profit, and hence each shareholder was also a director and
there was an expectation that each of them would be involved in key decisions
and the direction of the business. In Suit 446/2016 (“Suit 446”), commenced by
Seah against the Company to claim monies owed to him, the Defendants (who
acted for the Company) pleaded that “The directors … were equal shareholders
who were working together in a joint enterprise for mutual profit.” 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Seah’s AEIC at [8]–[10]; Defence in Suit 446 at [5].

The directors also did not have written contracts of service with the Company
and their remuneration was informally decided at meetings. Low stated that he,
Sim and Seah did not require formalities as the Company’s directors and
shareholders were the same. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Low’s AEIC at [27]–[30]; DCS at [5].

17 The Company was to be operated on the basis of mutual trust and confidence
even after Wei became a shareholder and director, with the common
understanding that the daily management would be left to the Defendants. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Low’s AEIC at [65]; SOC at [8].

Even before joining the Company, Wei had a relationship with the Defendants.
He had worked in SWP and its subsidiaries since the late 1990s and became
acquainted with Low; SH began supplying Parts to the Company in 2010; and Wei
and the Defendants (through their entities) subsequently entered into the JVA
leading to SKL’s formation. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Low’s AEIC at [11].

Even in 2016 when there were internal disputes between Wei and the Defendants,
the latter had told Wei’s lawyers that the “management and operation of any
business is based on mutual trust and confidence between directors and
shareholders” and wanted to know “whether there [was] still the mutual trust
and confidence amongst [the three of them] to weather the climate ahead”. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Agreed Bundle Vol 3 (“3AB”) 1053 (Letter of 21 November 2016 at paras 4 and
6).

Legitimate expectation to be a director

18 Wei claims that he had a legitimate expectation to be a director of the
Company and that the Defendants had orally assured him that he would be one.
Low had further assured him of this by his 24 January 2015 email (“24 Jan 2015
Email”) (copied to Sim), where Low also mentioned a proposed shareholders’
agreement among them (“draft SHA”) in which all the shareholders would be
entitled to appoint a director. The Defendants deny that Wei had any such
legitimate expectation. Further, the draft SHA was never executed. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

SOC at [28]; Wei’s AEIC at [54] and [58]; Agreed Bundle Vol 1 (“1AB”) 276; DCS
at [111]–[115].

19 For a legitimate expectation to arise, there must be an agreement between
the parties by way of words or conduct which gives rise to an expectation
(Leong Chee Kin (on behalf of himself and as a minority shareholder of Ideal
Design Studio Pte Ltd) v Ideal Design Studio Pte Ltd and others [2018] 4 SLR
331 at [59]). A shareholder’s legitimate expectations are usually based on the
formal company documents and agreements, however, in quasi-partnerships, the
courts have been more willing to find legitimate expectations based on
informal understandings (Over & Over Ltd v Bonvest Holdings Ltd and another
[2010] 2 SLR 776 at [78], [83]–[84]; Eng Gee Seng v Quek Choon Teck and others
[2010] 1 SLR 241 at [16]–[21]).

20 I find that Wei had a legitimate expectation to be a director and that
there was an informal understanding that he would be one. This is also bearing
in mind my findings that the Company was a quasi-partnership. I repeat my
findings at [16] and [17] above. On 24 December 2014, Wei informed the
Defendants that he had purchased Seah’s shares and would be replacing Seah as
a director. Low’s reply to Wei (copied to Sim) did not refute this. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Wei’s AEIC at [47]; 1AB 263–265.

I also accept Wei’s testimony, consistent with his earlier conduct, that at a
meeting in early January 2015, he told the Defendants to register his
shareholding without delay, and that Seah had informed him that as a
shareholder he should be made a director as with past practice; and that they
had orally assured him that he would be appointed as such. This was followed
up with an email on 23 January 2015 sent by his representative Song Chumei
(“Ms Song”) to enquire about the status of the registration of his shares and
whether his directorship had been reflected in the share certificate. It is
also supported by the 24 Jan 2015 Email from Low (the contents of which Sim
agreed to in court) pertaining to the assurance given by all shareholders that
each shareholder would be able to appoint a director (see [18] above). 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Wei’s AEIC at [54] and Tab 10 (p 227); 1AB 276; 13/10/20 NE 3–4.

21 Thus, Wei had a legitimate expectation to be a director of the Company by
virtue of his equal shareholding; this is even if the draft SHA was never
executed. Indeed, Wei was appointed as a director around 26 January 2015,
shortly after the 24 Jan 2015 Email. The issue of whether his subsequent
removal as director was justified will be considered later.

Participation in Company’s management and right to information

22 The Defendants do not dispute that Wei, as a director of the Company, had a
legitimate expectation to participate in key management decisions. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Agreed List of Issues dated 12 November 2020 (“Agreed Issues”) at s/n 2.

Additionally, s 199(3) of the CA gives a director a statutory right to inspect
the accounting records and other financial documents of a company which fall
under s 199(1). A director has an “almost-presumptive right” to inspect
documents of the company within the ambit of s 199 and does not need to
demonstrate any particular ground to do so. The burden is on the company to
show that access should not be permitted, eg, because of an abuse of process
(Mukherjee Amitava v DyStar Global Holdings (Singapore) Pte Ltd and others
[2018] 2 SLR 1054 at [25]). The Defendants also do not dispute that a director
is ordinarily entitled to the documents or information of the company. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Agreed Issues at s/n 8(b); 18/9/20 NE 15; 1/10/20 NE 7; 13/10/20 NE 4–5, 40,
47.

I will discuss later whether Wei’s legitimate expectations in these respects
were breached. I now turn to the allegations of oppression.

Claims under s 216 of the Companies Act

Paying dividends improperly to the Defendants, and failing to pay dividends to
Wei

23 The Company documents record that in 2011, Seah, Low and Sim owed the
Company US$1,540,369.38, US$727,185.47 and US$698,137.61 respectively, and
this continued to be owed until 2015 except for a de minimis reduction in the
amount owed by Seah. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Agreed Bundle Vol 2 (“2AB”) 600–604; 29/9/20 NE 16–17; Seah’s AEIC at [35].

24 On 31 December 2015, the Defendants signed a member’s resolution (“2015
Resolution”) purportedly pursuant to Art 54 of the Company’s Articles of
Association (“the Articles”) to distribute US$4.5 million in dividends
(“Dividends”) to its shareholders. Hence, each shareholder was to receive
US$1.5 million. The 2015 Resolution provided that the Dividends were to be
paid on 31 January 2016. Wei did not sign the resolution, although there was a
blank space intended for his signature. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

2AB 491; Low’s AEIC at [92].

25 On 29 January 2016, the Company issued cheques of US$800,000 each to Low
and Sim. Sim signed a tax voucher certifying the declaration of a US$1.5
million dividend to Wei pursuant to the 2015 Resolution. He claimed that Wei
received this tax voucher. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

2AB 492–493, 496; Low’s AEIC at [93]; Sim’s AEIC at [86].

Wei did not receive this dividend and the first time the Company forwarded to
him a copy of the 2015 Resolution (which was unsigned) was on 16 February
2016, through its accountant, Tan Guek Joo (“Tan”). A signed copy of the 2015
Resolution (bearing only the Defendants’ signatures) was disclosed to Wei only
in the course of the Suit. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

2AB 497, 561–565; 18/9/20 NE 84–86; 2/10/20 NE 50.

Subsequently, the debts listed at [23] above were deemed as paid off and
removed from the Company’s balance sheet. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

29/9/20 NE 68–69; Agreed Bundle Vol 10 at p 3963.

26 The Defendants attested as follows. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Defence (Amendment No. 6) (“Defence”) at [20]; Low’s AEIC at [48]–[51],
[56]–[58], [76], [93] and [167]; Sim’s AEIC at [46]–[49], [51]–[55], [86] and
[164].

When the Company sought to obtain a facility from HSBC Bank (“HSBC”), HSBC
required it to clear the outstanding directors’ loans as soon as possible
after granting the facility. The Defendants suggested issuing dividends (the
Dividends) to set off the directors’ debts and HSBC did not object. They
instructed Eric Oh (“Eric”) of a consulting firm appointed by the Company to
inform Wei of the 2015 Resolution. Wei’s share of US$1.5 million of the
Dividends was used to pay off Seah’s debt of some US$1.54 million (“Seah’s
Debt”) which Wei had agreed to undertake. Seah would receive nothing after the
set off, whilst Low and Sim would each receive US$800,000 and cheques for
those amounts were issued to them.

27 Wei stated as follows. He bought over Seah’s shares to resolve the internal
strife between Seah and the Defendants, as he was concerned that the strife
would affect his factories in China which were supplying Parts to the Company
and impact SKL’s and SH’s business with it. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

17/9/20 NE 54–56; 23/9/20 NE 13–15; Wei’s AEIC at [34]–[35].

Wei denies agreeing to repay Seah’s Debt. Although Low had told him about
Seah’s debts to the Company when he informed Low of his interest in purchasing
Seah’s shares, he was not told that the debts would be resolved by way of
dividends. Wei was not informed by Eric of the 2015 Resolution and there was
also no basis to set off the dividends declared to Wei against Seah’s Debt as
it did not concern Wei. The Defendants did not tell him to sign the 2015
Resolution of which he received an unsigned copy in February 2016 and he had
the impression from looking at it that he would be paid his share of US$1.5
million. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Wei’s AEIC at [52], [61]–[67], [71]; 18/9/20 NE 71–72, 78–79.

Hence, Wei claims that he is entitled to his share of the Dividends.
Alternatively, the 2015 Resolution was passed in breach of the Articles and
was defective, and that the Defendants’ portions of the Dividends should be
returned to the Company. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

SOC at [20] and [23], and prayers (1) and (1A) of relief.

Whether there was a debt owed by Seah to the Company at the material time

28 I deal first with whether Seah owed US$1.54 million to the Company when he
left the Company. I find that this is not made out. On the contrary, at the
time the Dividends were issued, the Defendants knew that either Seah’s Debt
was non-existent or that the quantum of it was doubtful; hence this debt
should not have been attributed to Seah.

29 First, on 16 September 2014, Sim emailed Seah and Low to set out their
mutual agreement to equalise the directors’ loans and reclassify all expenses
prior to September 2014 as “Non Tax Deductible Company Expenses”. The
Defendants admitted that there was this agreement, and Sim agreed that by
this, it could not be said that Seah still owed the Company US$1.5 million. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

2AB 393; Seah’s AEIC at [37]; 29/9/20 NE 16, 20–23; 21/10/20 NE 70–72.

If so, Seah no longer owed any debt to the Company when he sold his shares.

30 Second, the quantum of Seah’s Debt was doubtful. Low admitted that some
entries recorded as part of Seah’s Debt were public accounts and not Seah’s
personal expenses, and should therefore not have been attributed to Seah. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

28/9/20 NE 68–69.

Tan admitted that various items recorded in the Company’s books as owed by
Seah were not owed by him; Seah had asked her to place them under his name
first because no one could verify which account it should be entered into. Tan
stated that the Defendants knew of this practice. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

20/10/20 NE 10–19.

Sim agreed that various entries in the Company’s books reflected as Seah’s
debts did not make sense; and this was likewise attested to by Seah. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

14/10/20 NE 117–119; 23/9/20 NE 67–70, 125–128; 2AB 600.

The Company’s auditors had also in the audit reports for the Company’s
financial years (“FY(s)”) 2011 to 2014, which the Defendants signed, given
qualified opinions that they were unable to ascertain the existence and
validity of the directors’ debts. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Agreed Bundle Vol 9 (“9AB”) 3625, 3670, 3760 and 3809; 29/9/20 NE 27–34;
2/10/20 NE 74–76.

Whether Wei’s share of the Dividends could be used to set off Seah’s Debt

31 Assuming that the Dividends were validly declared (an issue I will return
to) and that the Defendants had used Wei’s share of the Dividends to set off
Seah’s Debt (as they claimed), I find that they had no right to do so, as Wei
had not agreed to this. This is even if the Defendants had discussed with HSBC
to clear the directors’ loans by issuing dividends.

32 First, Low admitted in court that he had no right to use US$1.5 million
declared to Wei to set off Seah’s Debt; and the Defendants stated that even in
April 2015 they had not proposed to Wei to bear Seah’s Debt. Likewise, Sim
stated that even in July 2015, there was no agreement by Wei as such. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Low’s AEIC at [66]; 28/9/20 NE 54–55; 29/9/20 NE 69–70; 2/10/20 NE 44–45.

It is unlikely that Wei would have thereafter agreed to bear Seah’s Debt when
there was no incentive to do so, given that he was already a shareholder of
the Company.

33 Second, there is no independent evidence to show that Wei had agreed to
bear Seah’s Debt. Low claimed that Wei’s email of 26 December 2014 where he
stated that “I can guarantee to [the Company] and yourself that I will take
full responsibility pertaining to the transfer of [Seah’s] equity to me”, and
another email from Wei on 30 December 2014 showed that Wei accepted the plan
to issue dividends to clear Seah’s Debt. However, this is not borne out by the
emails. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

1AB 262–264; Low’s AEIC at [56]–[58]; 28/9/20 NE 70.

I accept that Wei had only meant by the emails to help resolve the dispute
between Seah and Low as he did not want the Company’s reputation to be
affected. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

18/9/20 NE 75–79.

Further, the Defendants’ “understanding” from the emails that Wei would bear
Seah’s Debt is contrary to Sim’s admission that even in July 2015 Wei had not
agreed to this (see [32] above).

34 Third, Seah attested that there was no agreement with Wei to bear his
alleged debt. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Seah’s AEIC at [49].

In fact, the Company (represented by the Defendants) had entered into a
settlement agreement with Seah on 24 November 2016, to settle Suit 446 and
Seah’s Debt with a payment of $155,000 to Seah. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Seah’s AEIC at [40] and Tab 13.

If Wei had agreed to any dividends to be declared to him being used to set off
Seah’s Debt, there would have been no reason to resolve this issue
subsequently with Seah by the settlement agreement. The Defendants’ action,
giving Seah the impression that Seah’s Debt was still a live issue even in
November 2016 and which led Seah to settle his claims against the Company for
a lower sum, 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Seah’s AEIC at [49(f)].

and yet claiming that Wei’s dividends were used to set off Seah’s Debt, show
them to be acting in bad faith.

35 Fourth, the Defendants were aware that the quantum of Seah’s Debt was
inaccurate and in any case they had agreed to equalise and reclassify all the
directors’ debts as Company expenses; this was even before Seah had offered to
sell his shares to Wei. If indeed they had used the dividends declared to Wei
to set off Seah’s Debt, the fact that they did so despite knowing the above
further showed that they were acting in bad faith.

36 Finally, I find that the Defendants had not informed Wei at the material
time that US$1.5 million as dividends had been declared and issued in Wei’s
name. I disbelieve that they had asked Eric to forward the 2015 Resolution to
Wei, and I accept that Wei was never informed by Eric on this matter. There is
no evidence to show that this occurred. It was also strange that the
Defendants did not correspond with Wei directly on this matter. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Wei’s AEIC at [71]; 29/9/20 NE 50–53.

37 Likewise, I disbelieve that the Defendants had informed Wei at a meeting in
April 2015 in China that the Company would declare dividends to set off the
amounts owed to it, in order to obtain financing from the banks. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Low’s AEIC at [68]; Sim’s AEIC at [62].

This conversation is unlikely – they claimed they told Wei that they would
declare dividends to Low, Sim and Seah which is inherently implausible
because, as Low agreed, the Company could not in 2015 declare dividends to
Seah who was not a shareholder. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

28/9/20 NE 75.

This conversation is also contradicted by Sim’s admission that even in July
2015, Wei had not agreed to bear Seah’s Debt.

38 Pertinently, Sim admitted that when Low and Sim instructed Tan to send to
Wei the unsigned 2015 Resolution, they had already paid to themselves
US$800,000 each. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

2/10/20 NE 55–56.

There was no evidence to show that Wei knew or was informed of this or that
his share had purportedly been set off against Seah’s Debt. There was no
reason to forward an unsigned resolution to Wei when the 2015 Resolution had
been signed. Strangely, Low stated in court that he would not deny Wei his
share of the Dividends. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

29/9/20 NE 46–47.

Hence, if the Dividends were validly declared and Wei’s portion was set off
against Seah’s Debt, the Defendants would have done so without Wei’s
permission and in bad faith.

Whether the Dividends were validly declared under the Company’s Articles

39 Article 105 of the Articles requires dividends to be approved by the
Company in general meeting and Art 54 provides that a resolution signed by
every member shall have the same effect and validity as a resolution of the
Company passed at a general meeting duly convened and constituted.

40 The Defendants rely on the 2015 Resolution to justify their actions of
distributing the Dividends and pay themselves a portion of it. However, Wei
did not sign the 2015 Resolution and the resolution did not comply with Art 54
and was defective. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

1AB 11; PCS at [32].

Thus, the 2015 Resolution cannot be used to justify the payment of the
Dividends. Low himself accepted that Art 54 was not complied with and that the
Resolution must be signed by all three shareholders to be valid. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

29/9/20 NE 41–42, 94.

41 Wei then argues in closing submissions that the Dividends may be validated
if all the shareholders (who have the right to attend and vote at the
Company’s general meeting) assented to the matter, and it did not matter
whether such assent or approval was given after the event (citing In re
Duomatic Ltd [1969] 2 Ch 365 at 373 (“Duomatic”) and EIC Services Ltd and
another v Phipps and others [2004] 2 BCLC 589 at [122]). Even so, there is no
evidence that Wei had assented to or approved the declaration of the
Dividends. Instead, he pleaded that they were paid out by the Defendants in
breach of Arts 54 and 105 of the Articles; he did not plead that they were
validated, assented to or approved. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

SOC at [20] and [24].

Wei also did not assert in his affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”) that he
had agreed to the 2015 Resolution or decision taken therein by the Defendants
after he discovered that they had declared the Dividends and paid themselves.
That Wei “thought” he would be paid US$1.5 million from the Dividends after he
saw the documents sent around 16 February 2016 to Ms Song, is equivocal. At
that time, Wei was unaware that the 2015 Resolution (upon which the
declaration and payment of the Dividends were premised) was not made in
conformity with the Articles. Hence, there could have been no assent to or a
waiver of the irregularity by Wei. Likewise, that Wei had prayed for the
Defendants to pay him his entitlement to US$1.5 million does not signify the
validation of the irregularity in the 2015 Resolution. Such relief was prayed
for only in July 2020 after the Company had been wound up, as an alternative
to the relief that the Defendants repay the Company the dividends paid to
them. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Wei’s AEIC at [63]; see HC/SUM 2794/2020 filed on 22 July 2020.

Whether Seah’s debt was set off

42 Pertinently, the issue is whether Seah’s Debt had even been set off against
the Dividends declared. The Defendants initially attested that Seah’s Debt was
recorded as having been repaid after the set-off but, in court, Low stated
that Wei’s dividends of US$1.5 million was still with the Company and he was
unsure whether it had been set off against Seah’s Debt. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Agreed Issues at s/n 4(c); Sim’s AEIC at [86]; Low’s AEIC at [93]; 29/9/20 NE
54–57.

43 As the Dividends were declared pursuant to an invalid resolution, and the
evidence showed that the directors’ loans had been reclassified as company
expenses and thus no longer owed to the Company, there could not have been any
set off of Seah’s Debt against the Dividends. In effect, Low and Sim had paid
themselves US$800,000 each by relying on an invalid resolution.

Whether the Defendants’ conduct was unfair, oppressive or prejudicial to Wei

44 I find that the Defendants’ conduct pertaining to the Dividends had been
oppressive and unfair to Wei. If they had set off Seah’s Debt with what was
purportedly Wei’s portion of the Dividends, this would have been commercially
unfair to Wei because they knew that Wei had not agreed to this, that they had
no right to do so and that Seah’s Debt was disputed and had in any case been
equalised and reclassified as the Company’s expenses. They kept Wei in the
dark even after they came up with the 2015 Resolution and the Dividends were
issued and gave Wei an unsigned copy of the Resolution. Their actions show
that they wanted to conceal the truth from him.

45 I find that the Defendants issued the Dividends not to repay the directors’
loans or to give effect to HSBC’s request (see [26] above), but rather to
advance their own interests over Wei’s interest and to deprive him of a share
in the Company’s assets. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

PCS at [25].

They claimed that Wei wanted to advance SH’s interest rather than the
Company’s, and thus they decided to take steps to run the Company “in a manner
which promoted [the Company’s] interest” by passing the 2015 Resolution and
using the Dividends to repay the directors’ loans. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Low’s AEIC at [92]; Sim’s AEIC at [85]; 1/10/20 NE 123.

But this did not promote the Company’s interest because its money would be
used to discharge purported loans that the directors owed to it which would
result in a reduction of its assets – Low admitted this to be true. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

1/10/20 NE 125.

It is also telling that a substantial sum of US$800,000 each were paid out to
Low and Sim and clearly benefitted only them, at the cost of diminishing the
Company’s assets. Further, the Defendants’ claim that HSBC wanted them to
declare dividends to set off the loans “as soon as possible after receiving
the [bank] facility” is unbelievable as HSBC extended the facility to the
Company in November 2014 and the purported clearing of the directors’ debts
only occurred more than a year later when the Dividends were declared in
December 2015. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

1/10/20 NE 124.

It is also unexplained why Low had received US$800,000 instead of around
US$773,000 in remainder, as the debt which he owed the Company was recorded as
US$727,185.47.

Whether Wei is the proper plaintiff

46 The Defendants argue that even if the Dividends had not been properly
declared, the proper plaintiff was the Company; alternatively, if the
Dividends were properly declared, Wei should claim his share against the
Company. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

DCS at [125]–[127] and [133]–[135].

47 In Ho Yew Kong v Sakae Holdings Ltd and other appeals and other matters
[2018] 2 SLR 333 (“Ho Yew Kong”) at [115]–[116], the Court of Appeal stated
that although a wrong to a minority shareholder may often also constitute a
wrong to the company, that shareholder may still bring an oppression claim for
this wrong in appropriate cases. In determining whether a claim can be pursued
under s 216 of the CA, the court will consider: (a) what the real injury is
that the plaintiff seeks to vindicate, whether that injury is distinct from
the injury to the company and whether it amounts to commercial unfairness
against the plaintiff; and (b) what the essential remedy being pursued is,
whether it is a remedy that meaningfully vindicates the real injury the
plaintiff has suffered and whether that remedy can only be obtained under s
216 of the CA.

48 I find that Wei is entitled to bring this claim. Although Low and Sim paid
themselves US$800,000 each pursuant to an invalid resolution which constitutes
a wrong to the Company, the main injury that Wei is seeking to remedy is the
oppression or unfairness to him by the Defendants’ conduct in issuing
dividends in his name without his agreement purportedly to set off Seah’s
Debt, keeping him in the dark, and benefiting themselves at his expense. This
incident is just one of many instances of unfairness which Wei is raising to
show a larger scheme of oppression or unfairness. Further, the primary remedy
Wei seeks is a buyout order.

Director’s bonuses and remuneration

49 I next deal with the following payments made to the directors:

(a) Low and Sim received $793,597 and $695,897 respectively from the Company,
between 2 and 6 February 2015 (“Big Bonuses”). 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

First and Second Defendants’ Bundle of Documents (Vol 2) (“2DB”) 169–171;
Wei’s AEIC at [75]; SOC at [26.1(c) and (d)].

The general ledger dated 25 July 2018 showed that Low was paid US$580,501.93
and Sim was paid US$516,069.89 as director’s bonuses in January 2015. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

1AB 362.

This was equivalent to the amount in SGD paid to them. However, the Company’s
journal voucher dated 31 December 2014 stated that Low and Sim were paid
$756,800.00 and $672,800.00 respectively in January 2015. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

1AB 329.

These sums were slightly lower than the Big Bonuses and seem to have been
mistakenly recorded. Both the general ledger and the journal voucher stated
that these payments were accrued in December 2014.

(b) Low, Sim and Wei were paid bonuses of $42,800, $28,800 and $28,800
respectively in FY2016, for work done in FY2015 (“FY2015 Bonuses”). 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Wei’s AEIC at [80]; Agreed Issues at s/n 6(a)(ii); PCS at Table at p 21 and
[48]; 16/10/20 NE 82 to 83; 13/10/20 NE 148–149.

(c) Low and Sim were paid directors benefits of US$54,256.77 and US$49,201.09
respectively for FY2015, to the exclusion of Wei. The Company’s profit and
loss statement for 2015 also showed US$27,413.41 paid to Fabian Teo (“Teo”), a
former director (collectively “2015 Directors’ Benefits”). 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

SOC at [26.1(a) and (b)]; Agreed Issues at s/n 6(a)(iv); 9AB 3859; PCS at
[51].

(d) Low and Sim continued to receive their full salaries of $528,960 and
$355,920 respectively in FY2018. In FY2019, Sim received S$284,940, whilst Low
received a lower (but unknown) amount (“2018/2019 Salaries”). 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

1AB 359–360; 2DB 191; 16/10/20 NE 27–29; Agreed Issues at s/n 6(a)(v).

(e) The Defendants’ salaries were increased in FY2016 without Wei’s knowledge
or approval. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

PCS at [38], [55].

Big Bonuses

50 The Defendants claim that the Big Bonuses were for work done in FY2014 when
Wei was not a director; and approved at an EGM on 31 December 2014 (“2014
EGM”) before Wei became a shareholder, although the amount of the bonuses was
determined later. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

DCS at [141] and [144].

They also claim to have told Wei in late January 2015 that he would not be
receiving any bonus.

51 Wei claims that the Big Bonuses were paid out without his knowledge or
approval when he was then a shareholder and director of the Company, in breach
of Art 75 of the Articles which requires a general meeting to be called to
determine and approve directors’ remuneration. Wei claims that the 2014 EGM
did not take place and, even if it had, the Big Bonuses were not approved
there. The Big Bonuses were also not for work done in FY2014. If they were,
they should have been reflected in the FY2015 accounts but were not. Finally,
Wei submits that in any case, the Big Bonuses were excessive and unjustified.
67

##### Foot Note 67

×

SOC at [25]–[26]; Wei’s AEIC at [76]; PCS at [42]–[45], [47]; 1AB at 14.

(1) Whether the Big Bonuses were determined and approved at a general meeting

52 It is undisputed that the Big Bonuses must be approved at a general meeting
in order to be validly issued. This is stated in Art 75 of the Articles and
admitted to by Low. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

30/9/20 NE 42–43.

On balance, I accept that there had been a 2014 EGM.

53 The Defendants produced a notice of the 2014 EGM (“2014 EGM Notice”) and
the minutes of meeting (“2014 EGM Minutes”). The 2014 EGM Notice was sent to
Seah (then a shareholder) on 18 December 2014. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

1DB 25; 1AB 327; 14/10/20 NE 16–17.

Low stated that the 2014 EGM was attended by him, Sim and Tan, and Tan
attested that she was present and prepared the 2014 EGM Minutes. Further, Ng
Soh Ngoh (“Ngoh”), the senior secretarial manager of Yeng Management Services
Pte Ltd (“Yeng”), the Company’s external secretarial firm, produced Yeng’s
records which showed that the 2014 EGM Notice and Minutes were received by
Yeng on 31 December 2014, which Ngoh reviewed on the same day. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

2DB 181–187; 30/9/20 NE 43; 16/10/20 NE 99–103; 20/10/20 NE 33–34.

I see no reason to doubt Tan’s and Ngoh’s testimony and Yeng’s records.

54 Nevertheless, I find that the Big Bonuses were not discussed, let alone
approved, at the 2014 EGM. As the Big Bonuses were paid out without a general
meeting, this was in breach of Art 75 of the Articles. I elaborate below.

55 The Defendants claimed for the first time in cross-examination that the Big
Bonuses were approved at the 2014 EGM. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Low’s AEIC at p 431; 29/9/20 NE 125–127; 13/10/20 NE 118–119; 1DB 25.

Low claimed that this was reflected in item 6 of the 2014 EGM Minutes which
states:

To declare any round of bonuses for the staff before Chinese New Year in 2015.

In contrast, Sim claimed that this was reflected in item 5, which states:

Declaration of monies from earnings after [Seah’s] removal and before the new
shareholder(s) to the company.

Director [Sim] and [Low] to decide on such amounts and manner of distribution
as they deem fit.

56 I find their explanations to be an afterthought. They were not pleaded nor
mentioned in their AEICs, despite Wei having pleaded in his Statement of Claim
that the bonuses were paid out without holding a general meeting. The
Defendants also never informed Wei, when he asked them about the bonuses, that
the bonuses were approved at the 2014 EGM. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

29/9/20 NE 147–149; 13/10/20 NE 117–118; 14/10/20 NE 17–19.

Their explanations are also contradicted by their earlier testimony. They
claimed in their AEICs that there was a meeting in late January 2015, after
Wei became a shareholder, where they told Wei that they “would be declaring”
bonuses and that he would not receive any as it was for work done in 2014.
This gives the impression that the bonuses had not been declared even in late
January 2015 and contradicts their position that the bonuses were approved at
the 2014 EGM. In any event, I accept Wei’s claim that there was no such
conversation at a January 2015 meeting. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Low’s AEIC at [64]; Sim’s AEIC at [58]; 29/9/20 NE 143–144; 3AB 677.

Low could not even recall whether the quantum of the Big Bonuses was declared
before or after Wei had been registered as a shareholder (around 23 January
2015), and admitted that this was inconsistent with his AEIC. It is also not
pleaded in the Defence that such a conversation took place in January 2015. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

29/9/20 NE 110–111, 137–138; Wei’s AEIC at [56]; Defence at [26(a)(iii)].

57 In any event, the discussion of directors’ bonuses was not expressly
mentioned in the agenda for the 2014 EGM Notice. The 2014 EGM Minutes also do
not show this was discussed or approved. Item 5 of the 2014 EGM Minutes does
not mention bonuses, and Sim was unsure of what it referred to (although he
relied on it). Whilst Low claimed that item 6 concerning “staff” bonuses
referred also to directors, this was contradicted by Sim who stated that ever
since the Company was incorporated in 2005 no shareholders’ or directors’
meetings have been held to declare such bonuses. Sim then claimed that the Big
Bonuses were not declared via a resolution but merely by a “verbal agreement”.
75

##### Foot Note 75

×

29/9/20 NE 127; 13/10/20 NE 118–122.

Pertinently, Low and Sim contradicted each other on which item in the 2014 EGM
Minutes referred to director’s bonuses.

58 Even if I accept that directors’ bonuses had been discussed at the 2014
EGM, I find that it was not then decided that any such bonus should be paid.
Tan admitted that no decision was made in relation to items 5 and 6 at the
2014 EGM, and that there was no resolution at the 2014 EGM because all the
decisions made therein were only tentative; that was also why she had asked
Yeng not to take any action on the items in the 2014 EGM Minutes. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

20/10/20 NE 44–46, 51–52.

(2) When the Big Bonuses were decided and whether Wei was informed

59 I find that the Defendants decided to declare the Big Bonuses in early 2015
shortly before it was paid out around 2 to 6 February 2015, after they
discovered on 24 December 2014 that Wei had purchased Seah’s shares. I could
not but infer that once they knew about Wei coming on board as a shareholder,
they decided to quickly pay out a huge sum of bonuses to themselves to Wei’s
exclusion, and kept Wei in the dark about this at the material time.

60 I accept that the first time Wei could have discovered the Big Bonuses was
when Sim sent an email to Ms Song on 29 July 2015 enclosing the Company’s
records and which showed that the Big Bonuses had been paid out to the
Defendants for FY2014. In that email, Sim attached the Company’s profit and
loss statement from January to June 2015, which recorded directors’ bonuses of
US$567,742.28 and US$504,726.48 paid to Low and Sim respectively. However, the
Big Bonuses were not brought to Wei’s or Ms Song’s attention and the email did
not mention that that the bonuses reflected therein were for work done in
2014. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

3AB 677, 808–809; 29/9/20 NE 112–115.

On 18 February 2016, Mr Song Dejun (“Mr Song”), Wei’s representative, emailed
Sim (copied to Low) pertaining to those two amounts and asked “Was [Wei] not
included in 2015?” Neither the Defendants nor Tan responded to the queries. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Wei’s AEIC at [73]; 3AB 970, 976; 29/9/20 NE 124, 140–141; 13/10/10 NE 18.

This also supports that the Defendants did not, in January 2015, inform Wei
that they would be declaring bonuses to themselves. If such conversation had
taken place, the Defendants or their representative would have easily replied
to Mr Song’s query as such.

61 Instead, the Defendants’ failure to reply suggests that they were
attempting to conceal from Wei that the Big Bonuses were decided and paid out
after Wei became a shareholder of the Company. This is supported by the manner
of accounting for the bonuses. Low agreed that the Big Bonuses were first
reported in the management accounts in July 2015 and thereafter appeared in
the management accounts every month until December 2015; however, it was
curiously then recorded into the audited accounts for 2014. Sim and Tan
admitted that this was not the usual practice, because the practice was for
bonuses paid out in FY2015 to be placed in the FY2015 accounts even if it was
for work done in FY2014. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

29/9/20 NE 113–114, 164–168; 13/10/20 NE 143–146; 15/10/20 NE 149–150, 160.

The manner of accounting gives rise to the inference that the Defendants had
caused this to be done to give Wei the false impression that the Big Bonuses
were paid out in 2014.

(3) Whether the Big Bonuses were excessive

62 If the Big Bonuses were indeed for work done in 2014, I find that they were
inordinately large and disproportionate to the year’s profits as reflected in
the audited accounts. I set out the director’s bonus-to-profit ratio from
FY2011 to FY2014, based on the Company’s audited accounts read with its
general ledger: 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents (“PB”) 507; 1AB 362.

FY| Director’s bonuses/ S$ (US$)| Profit (net)/ US$| % of bonus over profit
(US$)  
---|---|---|---  
2011| 780,000 (620,544)| 73,529| 844%  
2012| 620,000 (496,099)| 1,468,368| 34%  
2013| 150,000 (122,820)| 955,661| 13%  
2014| 1,429,600 (1,096,571)| 99,603| 1,101%  
  
63 Although the Company’s net profits decreased drastically from 2013 to 2014,
the Defendants paid themselves directors’ bonuses in 2014 which were nine-fold
that of 2013. Pertinently, there was no good reason to pay Sim a large sum of
US$516,000, since he claimed to have been “banished” by Seah from the Company
from 2012 until the end of 2014 and was uninvolved in its daily operations
then. Sim’s reason for receiving a large bonus in 2014, “for the hardship that
[he had] gone through for the past three years”, is unconvincing. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Wei’s AEIC at [79]–[80]; 2/10/20 NE 89, 95–96; 13/10/20 NE 147.

The Defendants’ conduct in issuing such large bonuses (purportedly for work
done in 2014) was also inconsistent with Low representing to Seah and Wei that
the Company was facing financial difficulties even in December 2014, and the
Defendants’ conduct in requesting capital injection and the freezing of
directors’ salaries. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

1AB 235, 240 and 255; 29/9/20 NE 157–159; Wei’s AEIC at [78].

These further support that the Defendants had only decided to issue the Big
Bonuses to themselves in response to finding out that Wei was entering the
Company, to give themselves an unmerited windfall to Wei’s exclusion.

(4) Unfair conduct

64 In sum, I find that the Big Bonuses were not declared at the 2014 EGM, that
the Defendants had only decided to declare the Big Bonuses to themselves in
early 2015 without Wei’s knowledge or consent, and that they were paid out in
breach of the Articles. The Defendants had also attempted to conceal the
payment from Wei, by the manner of accounting for the Big Bonuses and by
ignoring Mr Song’s query about them. Finally, there was no good reason to pay
such large bonuses to the Defendants allegedly for work done in 2014 when the
Company’s net profits had dropped drastically in that year and when Sim
claimed that he was not involved in the Company’s management. The Defendants
had thus acted unfairly to Wei in relation to the Big Bonuses.

FY2015 Bonus

65 In closing submissions, Wei argues that the modest one-month bonus given to
him in FY2015 was disproportionate to the sales for that year, which was the
highest yearly record of US$93 million, with profits between US$3.8 million
and US$5 million, and retained earnings between US$6 million and US$11
million. He argues that this was an attempt to deny him a share of the
Company’s profits. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

PCS at [48]–[49].

66 The above was not pleaded by Wei although he had amended his Statement of
Claim five times, with the last amendment in July/August 2020. There is no
excuse for this omission since by 2018 or 2019, he had access to the Company’s
records which reflected the above figures. Wei also did not deal with this
issue in his AEIC and the Defendants did not have the opportunity to address
this matter. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

DCS at [149], [154]–[157].

As such, I disregard this argument in determining whether the Defendants had
acted oppressively or unfairly to Wei.

2015 Directors’ Benefits

67 Wei claims that the Defendants unjustifiably paid themselves the 2015
Directors’ Benefits without them being approved by the shareholders at a
general meeting, in breach of Art 75 of the Articles. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

PCS at [51]–[53]; SOC at [26]–[27].

It is also unclear why Teo, who was not a director, was given director’s
benefits in 2015.

68 The Defendants explained that these were payments the Company made to the
Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore (“IRAS”) in 2015 for the directors’
income tax liability in respect of salaries for 2014 when Wei was not a
director. In 2006, the then directors-shareholders of the Company had made the
decision that the Company would pay the directors’ income tax, as shown in
Seah’s pleaded case in Suit 446. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

DCS at [147]–[148]; 2AB 578.

69 I accept that these benefits in 2015 were for reimbursement of personal
taxes incurred in 2014. This is corroborated by Tan and is consistent with the
Company’s profit and loss statement for FY2015 which recorded the payments as
for “personal tax”, which must mean that they were for taxes on income in the
preceding year, 2014. Further, the Defendants had not breached Art 75 of the
Articles that requires the remuneration of directors to be “from time to time
determined by the Company in general meeting”. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

1AB 14.

It was undisputed that the shareholders had, in 2006, decided that their taxes
be borne by the Company every year. This assent was as binding as a resolution
in general meeting (see Duomatic at [41] above). Article 75 only requires this
decision to be revisited from “time to time”. Hence there was no need to seek
Wei’s consent on these payments when he came on board or to revisit this
decision yearly. Even if Wei’s consent should have been obtained in 2015, it
is not shown that the Defendants had deliberately kept him in the dark
pertaining to the 2015 Directors’ Benefits. The manner of treating such
payments was agreed in 2006 and they could have simply forgotten to update Wei
at the material time. Notably, Wei did not explain nor elaborate on this issue
in his AEIC. Finally, I make no findings concerning the 2015 Directors’
Benefit paid to Teo. This was not pleaded and the Defendants were not cross-
examined specifically on this.

2018/2019 Salaries and the Defendants’ salary increments for FY2016

70 In closing submissions, Wei submits that the 2018/2019 Salaries were
decided without his knowledge. Further, by 2018, most of the staff had left
the Company as business was minimal, but the Defendants continued to pay
themselves handsomely, which showed their desire to drain the Company before
winding it up. Wei submits that it was questionable whether such high salaries
were in the Company’s best interests, given its poor financial situation then.
Wei also argues in closing submissions that the Defendants had unjustifiably
increased their salaries in FY2016 without involving Wei in this decision. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

PCS at [38], [54]–[56].

71 I disregard these claims as they were not pleaded by Wei, and the
Defendants were unable to address them in their AEICs or cross-examine Wei on
it. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

DCS at [149]–[157].

In any event, that they retained the same salary in FY2018 and a reduced
salary in FY2019 does not, without more, show that they were attempting to
deplete the Company’s funds.

Withholding of information

Whether the Defendants withheld information from Wei

72 I find that there was deliberate withholding of information from Wei, and
it was not disputed that Wei was provided the Company’s accounts and financial
statements only after repeated reminders to the Company. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

Agreed Issues at s/n 8(a).

The events below serve to illustrate the point.

73 Wei was not provided with information on the Company’s affairs for several
months after he became a director. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

Wei’s AEIC at [110].

In a meeting in July 2015, Wei reiterated to the Defendants of his right to be
kept informed of the Company’s affairs and to be provided with financial
statements and records. On 28 July 2015, Ms Song followed up on this and asked
the Defendants to provide such information. On 29 July, Sim forwarded the
FY2012 audited report and FY2013 and FY2014 unaudited reports, and balance
sheet and profit and loss statements for 2013, 2014 and June 2015. This was
the first time Wei was given the Company’s accounts. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

3AB 839–846; 18/9/20 NE 19–22; 22/9/20 NE 40–41, 45; 13/10/20 NE 9; Wei’s AEIC
at [115]–[116].

Thereafter, it was only on 29 October 2015 after Mr Song’s repeated chasers
that Sim forwarded the Company’s balance sheet and profit and loss statements
or drafts thereof for July to September 2015. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

Wei’s AEIC at [118(a)] and pp 516–518; 3AB 855; 18/9/20 NE 29–32; 13/10/20 NE
9.

The third time the Company’s financial records were provided was on 16
February 2016, namely, the Company’s draft balance sheets and profit and loss
statements for October to December 2015, and again only after repeated
reminders. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

3AB 929–931, 962; 18/9/20 NE 28; 13/10/20 NE 14–15.

74 Then, on 18 February 2016, Mr Song queried the Defendants regarding the
documents. Sim admitted that the queries were reasonable but he did not answer
them. Instead, he asked Mr Song to check with Eric. When Mr Song informed the
Defendants on 11 May 2016 that Eric was unable to answer the queries and asked
them to respond, they did not. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

13/10/20 NE 21–26; 15/10/20 NE 87–88; 3AB 994, 970, 975–977.

The next occasion when Sim provided information to Wei was on 12 March 2016,
namely the management accounts for January and February 2016, and only after
reminders. On 17 May 2016, Sim emailed Mr Song the financial statements for
March 2016, again only in response to Mr Song’s email of 11 May 2016. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

Wei’s AEIC at [118(c)]; 3AB 994–997; 18/9/20 NE 29–32.

75 On 22 June 2016, Sim emailed Mr Song the profit and loss statements and
management accounts for April 2016, and stated that going forward, he would
provide information only to Wei (and not Mr Song) as they needed “to adhere to
corporate governance on company confidential matters”. However, no further
management accounts were sent to Wei. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

3AB 1019; 18/9/20 NE 29, 32, 35.

76 As such, Wei in September 2016 sought to nominate his lawyer, Mr Boey Swee
Siang (“Boey”), as his alternate director to safeguard his interest in the
Company. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

Wei’s AEIC at [136]; Low’s AEIC at [115]; 3AB 1034.

In response, at a board meeting on 14 October 2016, the Defendants agreed with
Wei that they would, with immediate effect, send him the monthly financial
statements every month with Wei withdrawing his nomination of Boey. Despite
this, they did not send Wei any more financial statements. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

Wei’s AEIC at [137]–[139]; 3AB 1090; 13/10/20 NE 35–36.

Wei thus invoked Art 83 of the Articles to summon a board meeting to be held
in November 2016, to discuss various matters including the provision of the
Company’s financial statements to him. The Defendants did not call the
meeting, although they admitted that they were obliged to do so. Boey then
wrote to the Defendants on 19 January 2017 demanding on Wei’s behalf immediate
access to the management accounts and financial statements, but this was not
acceded to. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

1/10/20 NE 17–21; 13/10/20 NE 36–42, 3AB 1047–1050, 1053–1054, 1067–1068.

77 Subsequently, in January/February 2017, the Defendants proposed to buy over
Wei’s shares in the Company. Wei was agreeable and requested to see the
Company’s financial records to determine a fair buyout price. However, the
Defendants refused to disclose the accounts and claimed that Wei did not need
to see them in order to accept their proposal to buy out his shares. It was
only in discovery in 2017/2018 that they provided Wei with the audited
financial statements for FY2013 and FY2014, although they had been audited
much earlier. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

Wei’s AEIC at [140]–[147]; 13/10/20 NE 42–43, 95–97; 9AB 3754.

78 The events show that the Defendants had deliberately withheld information,
particularly the Company’s financial information, from Wei and only provided
them after repeated requests. The Defendants do not deny their actions but
merely seek to justify them.

Whether withholding of information and refusal to hold board meetings were
justified

79 The Defendants claim that they refused to provide information to Wei as
they suspected that he would forward it to SH, a competitor, to undercut the
Company and that he did not have the Company’s best interests at heart. They
attested as follows. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

Low’s AEIC at [73]–[90] and [166]; Sim’s AEIC at [163].

In July 2015, Wei sought sensitive information about the identities of the
Company’s customers, and the prices at which the Company bought and sold
Parts, purportedly for a “compliance audit” for SH required by Chinese law.
The Defendants refused as they did not know why Wei needed the information. In
November 2015, Wei sought the Company’s records of purchase orders with its
customers claiming that they were needed for an audit of SH. Again, the
Defendants refused. Such information would also reveal the Company’s trade
secrets, allowing SH to undercut the Company. It was only in December 2015
that Wei informed them that the auditors sought to audit transactions in the
companies in which he held shares and that the audit was to enable SH to be
listed in China. The Defendants then provided Wei the documents. Wei then
tried to gain a majority shareholding over the Company by persuading the
Defendants to sell their shares to SH in exchange for cash and shares in SH.
In particular, Wei attempted to get Sim to sell his shares to Wei, in order to
isolate Low. Thus, Wei no longer had the Company’s best interests at heart as
he was advancing SH’s interests at the Company’s expense. To protect the
Company’s interests, the Defendants passed the 2015 Resolution declaring the
Dividends to themselves and stopped providing Wei the Company’s management
accounts in June 2016. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

Low’s AEIC at [92], [94]–[99]; Sim’s AEIC at [85]–[91].

80 Conversely, Wei claim that the Defendants’ refusal to provide the Company’s
financial information, to allow him to inspect its books or to call a board
meeting were further oppressive conduct against him. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

SOC at [19]; Wei’s AEIC at [122]–[127].

Their excuse about potential undercutting was contrived as there was nothing
in the Company’s books that could be used to undermine its business.

81 It is undisputed that Wei, as a director, was ordinarily entitled to the
documents and information pertaining to the Company (see also [22] above). I
find that the Defendants were not justified in withholding the Company’s
records and financial information from Wei or in refusing to call a board
meeting.

82 The Defendants claim that they stopped sending information to Wei from June
2016 due to potential conflicts of interest and undercutting of the Company’s
business. However, even prior to June 2016, there had been considerable delay
in sending the accounts to Wei and only after repeated reminders, and as early
as February 2016, they had refused to answer Wei’s queries on the accounts (in
particular, the Big Bonuses) without good reason (see [60] and [74] above).

83 The Defendants’ refusal to provide information to Wei on the basis that
they were confidential or sensitive information that Wei could use to advance
SH’s interest was unconvincing. First, they admitted in court that the
financial documents and information Wei sought did not contain confidential
information that could assist SH to undercut the Company, and that even the
contact information and identities of Apple’s representatives and end
customers were not confidential. In particular, the Defendants had even
refused to give Wei information regarding bonuses and dividends declared,
although this information would not have been adverse to the Company’s
interests. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

30/9/20 NE 80–83; 1/10/20 NE 13–17; 13/10/20 NE 33–34, 95.

84 Second, the Defendants had taken a blanket approach to deny Wei, from June
2016, non-confidential or non-sensitive information just because Wei was
purportedly seeking sensitive or confidential information; did not disclose
the audit of SH and its intended listing in China; and had tried to buy out
Sim’s shares. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

1/10/20 NE 17.

I find their reasons unconvincing. They never informed Wei of the reason for
refusing him documents, until August 2017 when they issued a notice of EGM to
remove him as a director. On the contrary they had consistently represented to
Wei that they would provide him with the Company’s financial information even
after June 2016. Moreover, Low agreed that by June 2016, Wei had already
informed the Defendants that SH had been listed. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

PCS at [62]; Wei’s AEIC at Tab 51; 1/10/20 NE 14–15.

In this regard, Wei had even in December 2015 informed them that he required
information relating to the Company as a necessary requirement for SH’s
listing in China. Further, Low agreed that once Sim had rejected Wei’s offer
to buy his shares, this reason for withholding information would have fallen
away. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

30/09/20 NE 73.

Indeed, if Wei wanted to buy more of the Company’s shares, it would have been
in his interest to promote its interests and not harm it. In any event, no
confidential information was ever passed to Wei. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

1/10/20 NE 127–128; 13/10/20 NE 96–97.

85 In my view, the Defendants had refused to provide the Company’s financial
information because they were unhappy with Wei having entered the Company.
Instead, they quickly decided to protect their own interests by paying
themselves the Big Bonuses in early February 2015 and portions of the
Dividends in 2016, which they kept Wei in the dark about. Contrary to their
claim that they declared the Dividends to themselves to “promote [the
Company’s] interests”, they were promoting their interest at the Company’s
expense. It was no coincidence that they ceased to provide the Company’s
financial information to Wei from June 2016, with the last accounts provided
being up to the period of April 2016, shortly after Low had incorporated
another company, LSW Pte Ltd (“LSW”), which I will deal with later. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

SOC at [30]–[32]; Wei’s AEIC at [103].

I find that their dilatory conduct in furnishing financial information to Wei
and their subsequent refusal to do so were to deliberately conceal from Wei
the Company’s affairs and what they were doing. They carried on this pattern
of concealment in refusing to call for a board meeting as requested by Wei
(see [76] above).

86 Finally, it was unfair for the Defendants to seek to buy out Wei’s shares
without providing him with relevant financial information (such as the
management accounts) to enable Wei to determine a fair value of his shares.

Failure to call AGMs, audit financial statements and file annual returns

87 The Company did not call AGMs for FY2015 onwards, file annual returns from
FY2014 or audit its financial statements from FY2015. Whilst AGMs were held on
15 December 2015, 30 June 2016 and 16 July 2016, these related to the approval
of audited financial statements for FY2011 to FY2013. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

Agreed Issues at s/n 11; Wei’s AEIC at [130] and Tab 40.

88 Wei claims that the above omissions occurred from the time he became the
Company’s shareholder and director and were intended to prevent him from
receiving information about the Company or discovering its true state of
affairs, in particular, from finding out how profitable the Company was in
2015 and 2016 and what happened from 2017 onwards. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

PCS at [65]; Wei’s AEIC at [128] and [134].

89 In their AEICs, the Defendants claimed that the annual returns were not
filed and accounts were not audited because Wei refused to approve the FY2013
accounts in August 2016. Hence, the Company was unable to finalise them and
proceed with auditing the subsequent years’ accounts, as the FY2013 audited
accounts had not been filed. They also alleged that SKL refused to provide the
Company with supporting records of amounts due from the Company to it for
FY2015, which prevented the auditing of the FY2015 accounts. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

Low’s AEIC at [100], [158]–[160]; Sim’s AEIC at [96], [155]–[157].

In closing submissions, they then claimed that the Company’s books had been
seized by the Corrupt Practices Investigation Bureau (“CPIB”) in 2010 and by
IRAS in 2012 for an investigation into the Company, which caused the delay in
auditing the accounts. They submitted that AGMs were not needed as Wei was
provided with the Company’s financial information that he requested from time
to time. Finally, they had also given Wei notices of various AGMs at which the
FY2011 to FY2013 audited accounts were adopted. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

DCS at [164]–[172].

Whether the omissions were justified

90 I find that the Defendants had no good reason for failing to audit the
financial statements from FY2015, file annual returns from FY2014 and call
general meetings to deal with the Company’s accounts pertaining to the years
since Wei became a shareholder/director. I further find that their omissions
were intentional to deprive Wei of information pertaining to the Company.

91 Contrary to the Defendants’ assertion, I find that the omissions were not
due to SKL. The Defendants agreed that there was no evidence that PG Wee, the
Company’s auditors, could not audit the FY2015 accounts merely because SKL did
not provide the Company with the relevant information, and that PG Wee could
have done so and given a qualified opinion as it had done in past years. This
was confirmed by Tan. Sim admitted that the FY2015 to FY2019 accounts could
have been audited. Indeed, Tan revealed in court that the FY2015 accounts were
not audited at the material time because Low, Sim and she had never instructed
PG Wee to commence the audit. Whilst Tan later claimed that she had asked PG
Wee to start the audit in mid-2017, I do not find this to be credible as it
was unsupported. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

PCS at [68]; 30/9/20 NE 55–58, 62; 13/10/20 NE 51–55, 59; 15/10/20 NE 41–42,
45–50; 16/10/20 NE 32–34.

92 I also find that the omissions were not due to Wei’s conduct. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

Low’s AEIC at [159], [160]; Sim’s AEIC at [157].

The Defendants’ allegation that Wei refused to approve the Company’s FY2013
accounts and that they therefore did not proceed to approve and file the
accounts, was not true. The FY2013 audited accounts were approved by the
Defendants on 25 March 2015 and at the AGM on 16 July 2016. The FY2014 audited
accounts and financial report were also approved by them without needing Wei
to sign off on them. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

PB 510–512; 9AB 3754–3791; 30/9/20 NE 49–54; 13/10/20 NE 49.

The Defendants admitted that only two directors were required to approve the
audited accounts or annual report; the FY2011 to FY2014 audited accounts and
annual reports were all approved by the two of them only; the Company could
have audited the accounts from FY2015 onwards even if Wei did not cooperate;
and from FY2015 onwards it was never offered to Wei to approve the Company’s
accounts. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

29/9/20 NE 26–33; 30/9/20 NE 53–54; 13/10/20 NE 49–52, 58; 9AB 3619, 3664,
3754, 3803.

93 Additionally, Ms Song had, on 12 August 2016, informed Yeng (copied to Low
and Sim) not to delay the submissions of the filing of accounts to the
Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority (“ACRA”), and the Company filed
the FY2013 audited accounts/annual report with ACRA some three days after Ms
Song’s email to say that the filing should proceed. Sim conceded that Wei’s
actions in asking the Company to file the FY2013 audited accounts although Wei
did not agree to sign it, was not obstructive. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

Agreed Bundle Vol 4 (“4AB”) 1285; 13/10/20 NE 57–58.

I accept Wei’s explanation to be reasonable – that he refused to sign off the
FY2013 accounts because he was not a director or shareholder in 2013 and hence
it would not be fair for him to approve of matters that he was not appraised
of then. Likewise, whilst the Defendants had invited Wei to AGMs to adopt the
audited financial statements, these were for FY2011 to FY2013, before Wei was
a director (or shareholder) of the Company. Notably, it was only on 4 July
2016 that Wei received the notice of AGM dated 31 May 2016 of an AGM to be
held on 30 June 2016 to approve the FY2012 audited accounts. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

DCS at [171]; 4AB 1221–1224.

Moreover, although the Defendants may have provided Wei with unaudited
financial information, this did not remove the need for the accounts to be
audited.

94 I also find that the Defendants’ argument that the seizure of books by the
CPIB and IRAS was a reason for the delay in auditing the Company’s accounts to
be unconvincing. In court, Low confirmed that the seizure of the Company’s
books was not a reason the FY2015 accounts had not been audited. The Company’s
books seized by CPIB pertained to FY2009 and earlier, and the books seized by
IRAS pertained to FY2009 to FY2012. The seizure did not prevent the Company
from auditing its accounts for FY2011 to FY2014, between June 2014 and August
2016, and thus it is unclear how it affected its ability to audit its accounts
from FY2015. Further, IRAS had returned the Company’s documents by June 2015.
As such, there was no good reason why the FY2015 accounts could not be audited
thereafter. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

30/9/20 NE 64–65; Wei’s AEIC at [132]–[135]; Tan’s AEIC at [26].

95 Finally, the Defendants argue that Wei had not complained about the absence
of audited accounts or the omission to convene AGMs at the material time, and
there was no prejudice to Wei. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

First and Second Defendants’ Reply Closing Submissions (“DRCS”) at [21]–[22].

I disagree. The evidence shows that Wei had consistently sought information on
the Company’s accounts (see [73]–[76] above) and had asked for them to be
audited. That there was a clear need to audit the FY2015 accounts can be seen
from the huge discrepancies between a set of unaudited accounts for FY2015
disclosed on 16 February 2016 and another set disclosed on 7 August 2017,
which Low agreed did not give a true picture of the Company’s financial
position in 2015. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

PB 507; 30/9/20 NE 68–69; 13/10/20 NE 67–70, 81–82.

I find that the Defendants had omitted to audit the Company’s accounts to
deprive Wei of financial information of the Company in the material years.
Pertinently, even the FY2013 audited accounts were not disclosed to Wei until
July 2018, despite it having been filed with ACRA in 2016. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

30/9/20 NE 49–51.

Diversion of corporate opportunity to LSW

96 At the material time, the Company was a 35% shareholder of SWTPL, which was
in turn a 100% shareholder of SWP, which was in turn a 100% shareholder of Sei
Woo Hi-Tech Polymer GmbH, a company incorporated in Austria (“SWA”). 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

28/9/20 NE 35; 30/9/20 NE 110–111.

Wei’s case

97 Wei claimed that around January 2016, Low informed Wei that he planned to
incorporate LSW for the benefit of the Company and the Sei Woo group. Low
proposed that his father (Low YK), the Company, a Sei Woo entity and one Peter
Lehmann (“Lehmann”) be its shareholders with the Company having a 20% share,
and that LSW would employ liquid injection moulding (“LIM”) technology from
SWA. Wei did not agree to this as it was not in the Company’s interests. The
Company was then indirectly a 35% shareholder of SWA and it did not make sense
to divert SWA’s LIM technology to LSW, which the Company would only own 20%
of. Instead, the LIM technology should be used by the Company directly or it
should have at least 35% shareholding in LSW. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

Wei’s AEIC at [82]–[86]; 21/9/20 NE 57.

98 Wei did not hear from Low about the matter until some months later on 13
April 2016 when Low announced by email LSW’s formation to house the LIM
technology in Singapore, that Lehmann and Low would spearhead LSW’s
operations, and that they would transfer the LIM technology from SWA to LSW.
Wei was not involved in the decision to incorporate LSW, and on 27 April 2016
queried Low on who LSW’s shareholders were. Low did not address Wei’s query.
Wei subsequently found out that LSW had been incorporated on 8 April 2016, and
that its shareholders were Low, Low’s brother (“Kenny”) and Lehmann in the
proportion 40%, 40%, 20% respectively. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

Wei’s AEIC at [87]–[95]; 2AB 572–574.

99 Wei alleges that Low had preferred his and Kenny’s interest over the
Company’s, by diverting a corporate opportunity from the Company to LSW. There
was no commercial justification to set up LSW without the Company having a
share, particularly when the Company could have employed the LIM technology
directly to produce Parts for Apple. Wei claims that this was done to prevent
him from enjoying the benefits that would flow to the Company. There were also
emails which showed that the Company had invested in research and development
(“R&D”) of the LIM technology, which suggested that the Defendants had used
the Company’s funds to subsidise LSW’s production of the LIM technology. In
addition, LSW would now be a competitor of the Company, with the superior LIM
technology. There was also no reason why Kenny should be given a 40% share of
LSW when he did not contribute to the development of the LIM technology. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

Wei’s AEIC at [98]–[102].

The Defendants’ case

100 The Defendants claim that Wei had rejected the proposal of setting up LSW
and for the Company to be a shareholder. Moreover, the LIM technology was
already widely adopted in Europe (but not adopted in Asia) and was not
proprietary to SWA, and the Company could not have exploited this corporate
opportunity because it did not have manufacturing operations. 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

Defence at [32R]; Low’s AEIC at [188] and [193]; DCS at [177]–[180].

Even if a corporate opportunity had been diverted, this was a corporate wrong
against the Company actionable only by it.

Decision

101 I find that the Defendants had set up LSW with funding from the Company
and with no intention of the Company being repaid, and the purpose of setting
up LSW was ultimately to divert a corporate opportunity to it using the LIM
technology to the Company’s exclusion and to exclude Wei from reaping the
benefits (through his shareholding in the Company). The Company was unfairly
deprived of an interest in LSW. This is shown by the following.

102 First, LSW would have been unable to start its operations but for monies
borrowed from the Company; this was admitted by Sim. The Defendants admitted
that even before LSW was incorporated, the Company had by March 2016 expended
substantial amounts into R&D for the LIM prototype, but that ultimately LSW
would benefit from the successful prototyping. The Company had also, by loans
to LSW, funded LSW’s capital outlay and expenses, including the costs of
investments in machinery and tooling, renovation costs of hundreds of
thousands of dollars for LSW’s tenanted premises, paying salaries of LSW’s
staff and paying LSW’s utility bills. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

30/9/20 NE 115–118, 127–135, 141 137; 14/10/20 NE 32–35, 45–47; PB 569–570.

103 Second, the Company had undertaken this venture and risk (of lending
substantial sums to LSW) even though it was not in the business of lending
monies to a new venture. Sim claimed that the project was “under [the
Company]” and that the distribution of shares in LSW would be determined
later. These made no sense as the Company did not have a share in LSW and
there was no intention for it to have a share (as Sim admitted), and LSW’s
shares had been allocated when it was incorporated. 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

14/10/20 NE 43–44.

Third, Low’s email of 13 April 2016 (see [98] above) had announced the
Defendants’ intention for technology, know-how and personnel to be transferred
from SWA (indirectly 35%-owned by the Company) to LSW. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

30/9/20 NE 119–120.

104 Fourth, by around 23 December 2015, the Defendants knew that Apple planned
to deploy LIM technology fully by 2017. Sim stated that the Company wanted to
ride on this. To that end, the Company informed Apple on 23 December 2015 that
it was putting aside a substantial amount of R&D into development of LIM “in
sync” with Apple’s plans. Sim acknowledged that the Company intended to pursue
the LIM technology because the Defendants wanted to ensure that it could
continue to supply to Apple. That the Company was doing “a lot of R&D” and
moving into LIM technology was reiterated to Apple in March 2016. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

4AB 1297; 14/10/20 NE 26–28, 30–31; Wei’s AEIC at [100] and Tab 30.

Moreover, prior to LSW’s formation, SWA was already deploying the LIM
technology to manufacture Parts to supply to the Company, and it could
continue to do so for the Company to supply to its customers such as Apple.
134

##### Foot Note 134

×

23/9/20 NE 5–6; 14/10/20 NE 49.

Hence, LSW’s set-up was unnecessary except to enable it to supply Parts using
the LIM technology, and thus divert that opportunity from the Company to it.
This is even more egregious bearing in mind that LSW was set up and maintained
with the Company’s funding (see [102] above).

105 By incorporating LSW, the Defendants did not wish for Wei (through his
shareholding in the Company) to benefit from the above opportunity. Whilst
they claimed that LSW was formed merely as a supplier to the Company and SWP
(as an alternative to the Wei-related Suppliers) for the Company to supply
Parts to Apple, and not for LSW to supply Parts to other entities directly,
135

##### Foot Note 135

×

Low’s AEIC at [182]; Sim’s AEIC at [178]; 28/9/20 NE 40, 42; 14/10/20 NE 39.

this was not true. LSW sells Parts to Sei Woo Rubber Malaysia Sdn Bhd and Sei
Woo Polymer Technologies Sdn Bhd, which in turn serves other end customers. I
find Sim’s explanation in court that Apple’s business “centres around in
China” and that it would be easier for an entity in Asia (LSW) to support it,
was an afterthought. Low admitted that the Company could change its business
model to undertake LSW’s operations and manufacture the Parts. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

30/9/20 NE 139–140; 14/10/20 NE 50–51.

106 It is clear from the Defendants’ conduct that the Company’s contributions
and loans to LSW were intended to benefit LSW and not the Company.
Pertinently, there was no intention for the Company to recoup the loans. Sim
admitted that there was no attempt by the Company to recover the monies loaned
to LSW of some $2.3 million, that if LSW failed the loaned amount would be
lost, and that no collateral or guarantees were obtained from Low or Kenny for
the loans. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

14/10/20 NE 42.

107 Next, the Defendants did not consult nor inform Wei about the Company’s
involvement in LSW or that it would be providing loans to fund LSW’s
operations. 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

14/10/20 NE 36, 42, 47–48.

Given the substantial assistance from the Company to LSW and that the LIM
technology deployed to enable LSW to manufacture and supply Parts came from
SWA, Wei should have been involved in the decisions. Low admitted that he did
not want Wei to be involved in the decision to set up LSW, that he had acted
unfairly by excluding Wei in the Company’s decision pertaining to LSW, and
that Wei’s questions concerning LSW’s shareholding and other matters were
fair. Sim agreed that he did not give sufficient recognition to Wei’s interest
by failing to involve him in the discussions in setting up LSW. 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

30/9/20 NE 123–127, 138–139; 14/10/20 NE 43–44, 53.

108 The Defendants’ conduct showed that they had deliberately kept Wei in the
dark to conceal that they were shortchanging the Company. The Company had been
unfairly deprived of an interest in LSW and had lost a corporate opportunity
wrongfully diverted to LSW. The Defendants agreed that the Company should have
been a shareholder of LSW. 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

30/9/20 NE 142–143; 14/10/20 NE 52–53.

The LIM technology, even if not proprietary to SWA, could not be obtained
without costs which the Company had borne. The Company indirectly owned 35% of
SWA and would benefit where SWA supplied Parts either to it or to another
entity, and if LSW supplied Parts utilizing the LIM technology from SWA, this
would divert business from SWA, indirectly affecting the Company’s interest.
Additionally, the Company had suffered losses due to the loans made to LSW
which the Defendants had no intention to cause the Company to pursue.

109 I also accept Wei’s contention that Low had breached his duties to the
Company. 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

SOC at [32(G)]–[32(V)].

Low had failed to act bona fide and in the best interests of the Company by
diverting a corporate opportunity from the Company to LSW. He also put himself
in a position of conflict of duty and interests (as both a
director/shareholder of the Company and a shareholder of LSW) and he had
failed to disclose this conflict to Wei (Ng Eng Ghee and others v Mamata
Kapildev Dave and others (Horizon Partners Pte Ltd, intervener) and another
appeal [2009] 3 SLR(R) 109 at [137], [138] and [147]). As LSW sold Parts to
other entities (see [105] above), Low had breached his duty not to profit
(through LSW) from opportunities which would have gone to the Company (Mona
Computer Systems (S) Pte Ltd v Singaravelu Murugan [2014] 1 SLR 847 at
[13]–[14]). Finally, I disagree with the Defendants’ argument that this is a
corporate wrong only actionable by the Company. 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

DCS at [139].

Wei is relying on the above matters as evidence of the personal unfairness to
him arising from the Defendants’ actions, for which he is seeking a buyout of
his shares (see Ng Kek Wee v Sim City Technology Ltd [2014] 4 SLR 723 at
[68]–[69]).

Undisclosed related-party transactions between the Company and LSW

110 Wei alleges that there were several undisclosed related-party transactions
between the Company and LSW, and that the Defendants had stopped providing him
with the Company’s management accounts shortly after LSW was incorporated to
prevent him from learning of these transactions. Low was in a position of
conflict as he was a shareholder of both LSW and the Company, but failed to
disclose his interest and these related-party transactions to the Company’s
board, in breach of s 156 of the CA. 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

SOC at [30]–[32]; Wei’s AEIC at [103]; PCS at [75].

111 The Defendants claim that the transactions between the Company and LSW
were commercial transactions. Low had in his 13 April 2016 email (see [98]
above) informed Wei of his intention to set up LSW to supply Parts to the
Company. 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

Low’s AEIC at [183] and [186]; Sim’s AEIC at [178] and [183]; DCS at [186].

Further, Wei was not informed of the transactions between the Company and LSW
because the management and day-to-day operations of the Company were left to
the Defendants.

Decision

112 I find that there were related-party transactions which included the
following. The Company had relocated to new premises after LSW was
incorporated, with LSW as the master tenant and the Company its sub-tenant.
For about eight months from 27 October 2016 to 20 June 2017, it paid LSW about
$120,000 as rental deposit and rental. 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

Wei’s AEIC at [104]–[105] and Tabs 31–33; 4AB 1336; 30/9/20 NE 126.

The Company had also funded LSW’s set-up and operations including the deposit
for the master tenancy agreement between LSW and the landlord and other
matters (see [102] above). Next, the Company’s statement of affairs dated 21
July 2020 filed by the Defendants in HC/CWU 130/2020 showed some $1,269,157.82
and US$765,261.37 (totalling about $2.3 million) remain owing by LSW to it.
146

##### Foot Note 146

×

14/10/20 NE 34; 9AB 3905–3909.

113 It is undisputed that transactions between LSW and the Company were not
disclosed to Wei and that he was not consulted on management decisions
pertaining to the Company. 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

30/9/20 NE 125–126; 14/10/20 NE 138–139.

Pertinently, Low was in a position of conflict by virtue of his interests in
both the Company and LSW and should have disclosed this to the Company’s board
(particularly to Wei). The Defendants agreed that Wei was unfairly excluded
from the Company’s decision to relocate and become a sub-tenant of LSW, that
the advances by the Company to LSW was a key management decision, and that
their failure to consult Wei may have been wrong. 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

30/9/20 NE 124; 14/10/20 NE 36, 48–49.

Moreover, the loans or advances from the Company were not secured by any
collateral or guarantee from LSW’s directors or shareholders and, I reiterate,
there was no intention for the Company to recoup the loans of about $2.3
million from LSW. The 13 April 2016 email relied on by the Defendants did not
inform Wei of the related-party transactions (eg, at [112] above) nor of Low’s
interest in LSW. Wei was also kept in the dark about LSW’s shareholders.

114 The Defendants argue that the loans to LSW advanced the Company’s interest
and Wei has not suffered any prejudice; moreover it was part of the Company’s
business operations to assist its suppliers by purchasing machines and tools
which it left with its suppliers to produce Parts for the Company. 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

DRCS at [29]–[34].

However, I find that contrary to their claim, the loans to LSW would prejudice
the Company (and Wei’s interest as a shareholder) as they were used to fund
LSW, a competitor to SWA. Prior to LSW’s incorporation, SWA was deploying the
LIM technology to manufacture Parts to supply to the Company and it could
continue to do so. The Defendants loaned Company funds to LSW with no
intention for the Company to recover them. Even if the Company had previously
assisted its suppliers in purchasing tools and lending monies to it, Wei
should have been informed before it decided to advance such large amounts to
LSW, given Low’s conflict of duty and interest in both entities and that LSW
was a potential competitor to SWA.

115 In light of the foregoing, I accept Wei’s pleaded case that Low had
breached his duty to act bona fide in the best interests of the Company and
his duty to act honestly under s 157(1) of the CA, which is the statutory
equivalent of the common law duty to act bona fide. Low had caused the Company
to make loans to LSW, with no intention to recover them. In addition, Low had
put himself in a position of conflict of duty and interest by entering into
the related-party transactions and further failed to disclose this conflict to
Wei. Pursuant to s 156(1) of the CA, Low was required to disclose his interest
in the related-party transaction as soon as practicably possible. 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

SOC at [32] and [32A].

The evidence overall showed that the Defendants had conducted the Company’s
affairs in a manner that was commercially unfair to Wei.

Wei’s removal from the Company’s board of directors

Wei’s case

116 On 2 August 2017, Wei commenced OS 878/2017 to inspect the Company’s
books, as a director. On 22 August 2017, the Defendants issued a Notice of EGM
calling for Wei’s removal as a director claiming that he had: (a) breached his
director’s duties; (b) instigated the Wei-related Suppliers to stop shipments
to the Company on the basis of arrears in payment, which resulted in it being
unable to fulfil orders from customers and thus losing projects; (c) acted to
poach the Company’s customers; (d) disregarded the Company’s interest by
causing SH to commence proceedings in China against the Company; and (e) filed
OS 878/2017 to compel the Company to release financial statements which he
would not have been entitled to under the Suit. On 5 September 2017 at the
EGM, the Defendants passed a resolution to remove Wei from the board. Wei
claims that this was to stymie him from inspecting the books and that this
breached his legitimate expectation to be a director of the Company. 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

Wei’s AEIC at [151]–[154], [156]–[157] and Exhibits 50–51.

The Defendants’ case

117 The Defendants argue that even if they had represented to Wei that he
would be appointed a director, this did not mean that he would perpetually be
one as long as he was a shareholder. In any case, they had good reason to
remove him as a director.

118 First, Wei had begun to divert business from the Company to SH, thereby
undercutting the Company. 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

Low’s AEIC at [128]–[147].

Various Apple employees had informed Low that SH had approached Apple and
informed it that SH had officially separated from the Company and sought the
opportunity to work directly with Apple. Apple employees also informed Low of
its concern with the Company’s ability to ensure continuity of supplies as SH
was no longer supporting the Company and consequently, Apple began to order
Parts directly from SH.

119 Second, Wei had caused the Wei-related Suppliers to demand payment from
the Company from October 2016 onwards, contrary to the “cooperative
relationship and accommodative approach the [Wei-related Suppliers] had
adopted towards their collection of payment since prior to 2013” (the
“Practice”). The understanding was that the Company would only make payment to
the Wei-related Suppliers when its cashflow permitted it to do so and when it
received payment from its customers. Wei caused the Wei-related Suppliers to
cease supplying Parts to the Company when it failed to meet his demands, in
contravention of the Practice. 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

Low’s AEIC at [31], [34]–[38], [102], [110], [112]; DCS at [71(b)].

120 Third, Wei had abused his position as a director and shareholder of the
Company to disrupt its operations and management. He sought to nominate Boey
as his alternate director and continued to request for Company documents
without reason. He also abused the legal system to exert pressure on the
Company and to destroy and eliminate it as a competitor. 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

Low’s AEIC at [114]–[115], [122]–[124]; [148]–[152].

He commenced the Suit without basis; SH commenced legal proceedings in China
to freeze payments due from the Company’s end customers to the Company; and
SKL commenced proceedings in Singapore (via SIC/S 6/2019) to claim sums that
the Company owed to it for earlier deliveries.

Undercutting

121 Whilst Wei had a legitimate expectation to be a director by virtue of his
shareholding in the Company, this was not an absolute or a perpetual one. I
accept that SH (which Wei set up and is the chairman of) had attempted to
undercut the Company to supply Parts directly to Apple, and that the
Defendants had good reason to remove Wei as a director of the Company as he
was in a position of conflict of duty and interest, as SH was a direct
competitor of the Company vis-a-vis supplying Parts. 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

DCS at [82]; 21/9/20 NE 5.

This is even if Wei was, as he claimed, removed as a director to stymie him
from inspecting the Company’s books.

122 SH had been attempting to undercut the Company even in early March 2017,
before SH and SKL formally terminated the JVA by way of its “Official
Statement” on 30 March 2017 to the Company and Ausom. 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

Agreed Bundle Vol 6 (“6AB”) 2473A; PCS at [102] and [110].

This is supported by various emails from Apple to Low. 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

6AB 2459–2462, 2469–2470; Low’s AEIC at [129]; 21/9/20 NE 7–8.

On 8 March 2017, one “Chris” from Apple informed Low that he heard from his
regional team that the Company no longer represented the plants in Suzhou,
China; that Apple had communicated that “[SH] has officially separated from
[the Company]”; and that Apple had been forwarded a company profile from SH
(an entity which Chris had never heard of). Then, on 10 March 2017, one Clara
from Apple informed Low that she had received an email from Apple stating that
“[SH] confirmed that it’s officially separated from [the Company]”, and that
SH’s factories in China would not be represented by the Company anymore. Low
replied to them to state that SH was going behind the Company’s back to deal
with Apple and that this was a betrayal by his “Chinese partner”. On 16 March
2017, one Vinod from Apple emailed Low and stated: “Looks like you [sic]
partner is pinging our team to work directly with Apple”. Wei also admitted
that since March 2017, SKL had communicated directly with Apple and informed
it that SKL had not been receiving payment from the Company. 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

23/9/20 NE 45–46.

123 After the Official Statement, SH and Wei continued in their conduct to
divert business from the Company. On 7 April 2017, Wei informed Apple that the
joint venture relating to SKL had been terminated, that SKL’s employees had
been transferred to SH, and that SH would assume SKL’s responsibilities to
supply products to Apple (“7 April 2017 Notification”). This was reiterated by
SH on 8 April 2017 to Apple, which further sought Apple’s support to work
directly with SH. 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

Wei’s AEIC at pp 1057–1060; 6AB 2478; 21/9/20 NE 5.

Wei claimed that he transferred SKL’s employees to SH as SKL no longer had
money to support the business and SH had to protect the jobs of SKL’s workers.
160

##### Foot Note 160

×

21/9/20 NE 6.

Even if these claims were true, Wei nevertheless admitted that he wanted to
ensure that he could continue to supply products to Apple as SKL was then the
sole supplier of some of the Parts. This showed Wei’s intent for SH to replace
SKL (and thus the Company) to supply Parts directly to Apple, to undermine the
Company’s business.

124 By May 2017, Apple had begun engaging SH to produce Parts, and by June or
July 2017, SKL had ceased supplying Parts to the Company. The Defendants
testified that this caused the Company’s customers to cease allocation of new
production projects to, and placing orders with, the Company. These customers
also stopped drawing down on their stockpiles of Parts supplied by the
Company. These eventually led to the ceasing of the Company’s cashflow and
revenue. 161

##### Foot Note 161

×

21/9/20 NE 9–11; DCS at [87]; Low’s AEIC at [146]; Sim’s AEIC at [143].

125 Even if there was no restraint of trade clause preventing the Wei-related
Suppliers from dealing with Apple directly, the conflict of duty and interest
existed so long as Wei remained a director of the Company. 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

PCS at [114].

Wei claimed that the 7 April 2017 Notification to Apple was necessary so that
it would not think that the Wei-related Suppliers caused the supply problems
because the Company would pin the blame on the Wei-related Suppliers for such
problems. 163

##### Foot Note 163

×

Wei’s AEIC at [180]; PCS at [112].

I find this unconvincing. There was no evidence that at that time the Company
was pinning the blame on the Wei-related Suppliers for any supply delay to
Apple. Also, it is unclear how Apple would attribute any delay in the supply
of Parts to it, to SH (which issued the “Official Statement” on 30 March 2017
and the 7 April 2017 Notification) as SH did not at that time have any direct
contractual relation with Apple. The entities that Apple were familiar or
transacted with then were SKL and the Company. Moreover, the 7 April 2017
Notification went beyond informing Apple of the “problems in the supply
relationship”. It sought to cast a negative light on the Company and proceeded
to inform Apple that SH would take over from SKL the supply of Parts directly
to Apple. Hence, I find that SH (and Wei) had contacted Apple as it wanted to
supply to Apple directly.

126 For completeness, I discuss the other reasons the Defendants gave to
justify Wei’s removal as a director.

Demand for payment and ceasing of supply

127 There were many demands for payment from the Wei-related Suppliers to the
Company. 164

##### Foot Note 164

×

22/9/20 NE 22–23.

I find that these demands were not unreasonable, and that there was no
flexible payment arrangement or the Practice as the Defendants claimed. In
closing submissions, the Defendants conceded that there was no formal
agreement on when the Wei-related Suppliers would be paid and the latter could
properly demand payment for goods sold and delivered. Sim admitted that there
was no agreement on such Practice, and the Wei-related Suppliers merely gave
indulgences to the Company. 165

##### Foot Note 165

×

Agreed Issues at s/n 15; 14/10/20 NE 62–63, 66–68.

128 Furthermore, the correspondence where SKL chased the Company for payments
did not mention the Practice, 166

##### Foot Note 166

×

Ms Song’s AEIC at [19]–[40].

but showed instead that there was a fixed deadline for payment and that
extensions of time were granted on a case-by-case basis, eg, in the minutes of
a meeting on 13 December 2013, and emails of 20 February 2014, 4 December 2014
and 29 July 2015. The correspondence showed that the Company was extended
credit terms to pay SKL by a stipulated time, and that it was subsequently
informed by SKL that payments were due or overdue and asked to pay as soon as
possible. The Defendants did not dispute the payment deadlines and Sim agreed
that the Company should have abided by these express terms. On 1 September
2015, SH and SKL informed the Company that due to the constant delays by the
Company in making payments, which had led to huge pressures on the Wei-related
Suppliers and affected the operations of the factories in China, SH and SKL
would be imposing a strict regime to restore regularity to the payment
schedules. 167

##### Foot Note 167

×

Ms Song’s AEIC at [20]–[22], [26]–[27], [30]–[32], [36]; 5AB 1580–1582, 1598,
1616–1617, 1639–1641, 1678; 22/9/20 NE 13–18; 14/10/20 NE 66.

129 Even if there was such a Practice, the Wei-related Suppliers were entitled
to demand payment, as the Company had been paid by its customers. The
Defendants stated that the Company’s customers had paid up, except for about
US$800,000 (or at best US$2.8m, if amounts owed by SKL and SKLP to the Company
were included). This outstanding sum was well below the US$10 million that the
Company owed SKL. 168

##### Foot Note 168

×

30/9/20 NE 159–166; 14/10/20 NE 72–73; 9AB 3909.

Yet, the Company did not use the substantial sums it received to discharge its
debt to SKL. Instead, it lent money to LSW and JNT Hi-Tech Pte Ltd (“JNT”),
showing that it could pay SKL but chose not to. 169

##### Foot Note 169

×

14/10/20 NE 59–60.

130 In fact, the debts had begun accumulating at end-2013, when the Company
owed SKL around US$4.4 million, and demands for payment had been made. On 20
February 2014, SKL informed the Company that SKL was facing very tight
cashflow and was “facing a serious shortage of funds which has already
affected its normal productions and operations”, whilst the Company owed it
around US$6.3 million. On 23 December 2016, Wei informed the Defendants about
the difficult financial situation that SH and SKL was facing, due to the
Company’s failure to pay for goods. By 22 February 2017, the Company owed SKL
US$11.5 million and it was told that the outstanding payment had been more
than two years and constituted a serious breach of contract. 170

##### Foot Note 170

×

3AB 1077; 5AB 1580 and 1605; 6AB 2352–2354; 22/9/20 NE 51–52; 30/9/20 NE
161–162; 13/10/20 NE 150–155.

131 Given the circumstances and the massive amounts owed by the Company which
it refused to pay the relevant Wei-related Suppliers although it could have
done so (see [129] above), it was not unreasonable for them to demand payment
and terminate the supply relationship with the Company from March 2017. 171

##### Foot Note 171

×

1/10/20 NE 43; PCS at [108].

They had done so to preserve their interests, even if in consequence the
Company would be prejudiced by losing a supply chain. I do not find that Wei’s
conduct in this regard justified his removal as a director of the Company, or
even if it did, that this negated the Defendants’ other acts of oppression or
unfair conduct against him (see also [135] below).

Nomination of Boey as alternate director, seeking documents and legal
proceedings

132 I find that Wei’s intention to nominate Boey as an alternate director and
Wei’s request for the Company’s financial documents at the material time were
not good reasons for the Defendants to remove him as a director in September
2017. Wei was safeguarding his interest in the Company and was, as a director,
entitled to the documents. He had good reasons to examine the Company
documents given the matters that had transpired and how the Defendants had
been keeping him in the dark regarding numerous transactions and management
decisions that they made in relation to the Company. Pertinently, Wei withdrew
his nomination of Boey after the Defendants agreed to provide him with the
Company’s financial statements, even though they did not follow through on
their agreement (see [76] above).

133 I also find that Wei’s conduct in bringing legal proceedings was not a
good reason to remove him as a director. Even if it was, this did not negate
the Defendants’ other acts of oppression against him (see also [135] below).
The evidence above shows there was a basis for Wei commencing the Suit for
oppression, and for SH and SKL to pursue the Company for the substantial
amounts owed by it to them. In any event, SKL commenced SIC/S 6/2019 against
the Company only after Wei had been removed as a director.

Exclusion from management

134 Next, Wei asserts that the Defendants had excluded him from key management
decisions pertaining to LSW and directors’ benefits and dividends, which I
have dealt with earlier. Wei also asserts that they had excluded him from key
management decisions relating to lending a supplier, JNT, US$250,000 in 2017
and $25,000 in 2019 and writing off a bad debt of US$1.26 million in the
Company’s FY2015 accounts. I do not deal with these issues as they were not
pleaded. In any event, they do not add anything more, as Sim conceded that he
and Low never consulted Wei on any management decisions. 172

##### Foot Note 172

×

PCS at [79(d)] and [79(e)]; 13/10/20 NE 72–73; 14/10/20 NE 137–139.

Unclean hands

135 Finally, the Defendants allege that Wei has brought the Suit with unclean
hands, largely for the same reasons raised at [118] to [120] above. 173

##### Foot Note 173

×

DCS at [189].

Although Wei was in a position of conflict when SH began undercutting the
Company, this only occurred from around March 2017 and did not negate or
justify the Defendants’ prior acts of oppression or unfairness. 174

##### Foot Note 174

×

PCS at [134]–[138].

In Tan Yong San v Neo Kok Eng and others [2011] SGHC 30 at [106], the court
stated that:

… equitable defences in an action under s 216 are not meant to operate in an
all-or-nothing fashion. It is not the case where inordinate delay or the
absence of clean hands on the part of a plaintiff would automatically
disentitle him to relief. Rather, any inequity on his party would simply be a
relevant factor in the court’s overall assessment of whether there has been
unfairness warranting relief under s 216(2), and what type of relief is just
and equitable in the circumstances. …

136 Further, although the Defendants claim that it was Wei who had caused the
Company’s downfall by using his entities to poach its business with Apple, the
evidence shows that the Defendants had already caused the Company’s assets to
be depleted over time, such as by payments of the Dividends and Big Bonuses to
themselves and by the loans to LSW which they never intended for the Company
to reclaim. It is also telling that the Defendants took little action to cause
the Company’s accounts from FY2015 to be audited. Thus, while Wei’s conduct
may have contributed in part to the Company’s downfall, it does not prevent
him from succeeding in a claim under s 216 of the CA, although his conduct may
affect the relief that the court thinks fit to grant (Re London School of
Electronics Ltd [1986] 1 Ch 211 at 221–222).

Whether claim under s 216 of the CA is made out

137 In the round, I find that the Defendants’ conduct in various matters have
been commercially unfair to Wei. They had conducted the affairs of the Company
in a manner that is oppressive to Wei, and the acts which they had caused the
Company to take also unfairly discriminated against or were prejudicial to
him. These included:

(a) paying out the Dividends in breach of the Articles and without informing
Wei, although he was then a director and shareholder of the Company, and to
his exclusion;

(b) paying out excessive and unjustified Big Bonuses to themselves in 2015 in
breach of the Articles without Wei’s knowledge or consent although he was then
a director/shareholder, and concealing this matter from Wei by recording it in
the FY2014 (instead of the FY2015) accounts and ignoring Wei’s subsequent
queries on the Big Bonuses;

(c) withholding the Company’s financial information deliberately from Wei and
providing them to him only after repeated chasers; and from June 2016,
withholding completely such information from Wei to conceal their actions
pertaining to the Dividends and Big Bonuses;

(d) subsequently, seeking to buy out Wei’s shares in the Company without
providing to him the relevant financial information to determine the fair
value of the shares;

(e) refusing to call board meetings despite being obliged to do so;

(f) intentionally omitting to audit the Company’s accounts from FY2015, file
annual returns from FY2014 and call AGMs to deal with the Company’s accounts
pertaining to the years since Wei became a shareholder/director of the
Company, in order to hide the true state of affairs of the Company from him;

(g) diverting a corporate opportunity to LSW to exclude Wei from benefitting
through the Company the use of the LIM technology (that came from SWA, which
the Company had an indirect interest);

(h) Low failing to disclose to Wei related-party transactions between LSW and
the Company despite his conflict of duty and interest; and

(i) failing to involve Wei in key management decisions pertaining to
transactions between LSW and the Company such as the Company advancing loans
to LSW for its set-up and operations and subsequent decision not to recover
the loans from LSW.

Effect of winding up on a s 216 CA application

138 Wei seeks essentially the following reliefs: 175

##### Foot Note 175

×

SOC read with PCS at [139]–[140].

(a) that Low and Sim return to the Company US$800,000 each (received from the
Dividends), the Big Bonuses and the 2015 Directors’ Benefits;

(b) that the Defendants buy out Wei’s shares in the Company: (i) valued at
fair value and as at April 2016 or such other date as the court deems fit;
(ii) adding back the sums at sub-para (a) above; (iii) valued on the basis
that the Company is a going concern with no minority discount; and (iv) valued
by an independent valuer; and

(c) if the court does not order a buyout of Wei’s shares, an order that the
Defendants pay him US$1.5 million being his entitlement to the Dividends.

139 Wei, in closing submissions, is not pursuing a relief that the Defendants
be liable in damages or make restitution or account for monies paid from the
Company to LSW; or that Wei be authorised to commence proceedings in the
Company’s name against the Defendants or other parties.

140 Wei argues that winding up does not bar relief under s 216 of the CA,
relying on Kumagai Gumi Co Ltd v Zenecon Pte Ltd and others and other appeals
[1995] 2 SLR(R) 304 (“Kumagai”). 176

##### Foot Note 176

×

PCS at [141]–[142].

There is no reason why an aggrieved shareholder who had commenced an
oppression claim before liquidation supervened should be barred from relief,
if the reliefs sought do not interfere with the liquidation process.

141 The Defendants submit that any claim for the unpaid Dividends should be
pursued against the Company via the winding up process, as this is a debt owed
by the Company. Further, the court should not order a share buyout as the
Company is in liquidation. 177

##### Foot Note 177

×

DCS at [133]–[135], [192].

142 Where an action under s 216 of the CA (“s 216 action”) is commenced in
respect of a company which is wound up before the trial of the action, the
question is whether such action can continue and whether the court can grant
reliefs under s 216.

143 I am of the view that a s 216 action can continue against a company in
liquidation, based on a reading of that section. Section 216 provides that a
member of a company may apply to court for an order under that section. A
“company” is defined broadly in s 4 of the CA and does not exclude companies
which have been put into liquidation. Additionally, s 216(1)(b) allows a claim
to be brought in relation to an act of the company that “has been” done or a
members’ resolution that “has been” passed which unfairly discriminates or is
otherwise prejudicial to a member. This makes clear that a s 216 action can
apply to past acts and not merely present acts. Thus, that a company is in
liquidation and the directors are functus officio do not prevent a minority
shareholder from making a claim in respect of acts of the company or members’
resolutions that were previously committed.

144 It is also consistent with the purpose of s 216 to allow actions to be
continued in respect of companies in liquidation, namely, to allow a member to
seek redress for acts which are oppressive to him or in disregard of his
interests, or which unfairly discriminates against or are prejudicial to him
(collectively termed as “oppressive conduct” for convenience) and to bring an
end to or remedy the matters complained of (Kumagai at [71]). Certain
oppressive conduct may automatically come to an end where liquidators are
appointed, as the directors are no longer in control of the company and would
not be able to continue their oppressive conduct. However, there may be
oppressive conduct which remains unremedied or have a continuing effect even
after the company is put in liquidation.

145 The Court of Appeal in Kumagai accepted that a s 216 action could continue
and even upheld certain reliefs granted by the High Court, even though the
company was put in provisional liquidation after the s 216 action was filed
(at [72]–[75]). The English courts have likewise allowed proceedings under s
994(1) of the Companies Act 2006 (c 46) (UK) (“CA 2006 (UK)”) (pertaining to
the affairs of the company being or having been conducted in a manner that is
unfairly prejudicial to a member’s interests) to proceed or continue, although
the company was in administration (Croly v Good and others [2010] 2 BCLC 569;
Shepherd v Williamson and another [2010] EWHC 2375 (Ch)) or in liquidation (Re
Tobian Properties Ltd [2013] 2 BCLC 567; Re Cabot Global Ltd [2016] EWHC 2287
(Ch) (“Re Cabot Global Ltd”)).

146 It may be argued that allowing a member to continue a s 216 action even
after a company is placed in liquidation may open the floodgates of litigation
of s 216 actions many years after the oppressive conduct had occurred, when
the company had been wound up and the assets had been disposed of. However,
this problem may be overstated. As observed earlier, certain forms of
oppression come to an end once the company is in liquidation. Further, the
court can examine the applicant’s conduct (in bringing a s 216 action late) as
a factor in determining whether or what relief is appropriate, even if there
is oppressive conduct which has yet to be remedied.

147 Hence, the fact that a company is in liquidation is not in itself a bar to
a s 216 action. However, that a company is in liquidation “would have a
bearing on further order[s] to be made” (Kumagai at [72]). The Court of Appeal
in Kumagai held that while the court’s power to make an order pursuant to s
216 is “very wide”, it must be made “with a view to bringing to an end or
remedying the matters complained of”. In determining what relief is
appropriate, one must consider the circumstances at the time of the hearing
and not at the time of the application (In re Hailey Group Ltd [1993] BCLC 459
at 473). Whilst certain types of reliefs would not be appropriate if a company
is already in provisional liquidation or if liquidators have been appointed
(such as a derivative action, as the wrongdoers would no longer be in control)
the appointment of liquidators is no bar to other reliefs (Kumagai at [72]).

148 In Kumagai, the High Court had, after finding that there was oppression,
ordered the companies in question (KZ and its subsidiary KPM) to be wound up
and gave other remedies alongside it. On appeal, in addition to the winding up
order, the Court of Appeal upheld certain remedies ordered such as requiring
the wrongdoer-shareholder and director of KPM (who was also the managing
director of KZ) to purchase or procure the purchase of certain shares which
had been acquired by KPM, which he had earlier caused KPM to purchase without
consulting the minority shareholder of KZ. That the Company in the present
case is in liquidation, as opposed to provisional liquidation, should not make
a difference to whether reliefs may be granted, given that in both cases, the
effect is the same: the liquidator or provisional liquidator steps into the
shoes of the directors and manages the business and controls the assets of the
company. If the court can grant reliefs alongside a winding up order (both
under s 216(2) of the CA) as in Kumagai, there is no reason why it cannot
similarly grant reliefs under s 216(2) of the CA where a winding up order has
first been made (albeit under s 254(1) of the CA).

149 In Re Cabot Global Ltd, the applicant brought three s 994 CA 2006 (UK)
petitions against certain shareholders of three companies, one of which was in
administration, and another went into voluntary liquidation after the
petitions were presented. The court found that unfair prejudice was made out
and ordered the respondent shareholders to buy out the applicant.

150 Next, I consider Campbell and another v Backoffice Investments Pty Ltd and
another (2009) 257 ALR 610, a decision of the High Court of Australia. The
applicants brought oppression proceedings pursuant to s 232 of the
Corporations Act 2001 (Aust) and applied for reliefs including the winding up
of the company under s 233 or s 461 and a buyout of their shares. They also
claimed damages pursuant to a statutory cause of action; this is not of
concern in the present case. Shortly after, a court-ordered provisional
liquidator was, by consent, appointed for the company. The court at first
instance found that oppression was made out and held that the appointment of a
provisional liquidator did not preclude the applicants from seeking a share
buyout and thus granted such relief. By this time, the company was an empty
shell and its assets had been disposed of by the provisional liquidator. On
appeal, the majority of the Court of Appeal set aside the buyout order. The
applicants sought leave to make a further appeal, which the High Court of
Australia refused, stating that it had no prospect of success (at [60] and
[183]). In the joint judgment of Gummow, Hayne, Heydon and Kiefel JJ, they
stated (at [175], [179] and [182]) that whilst there may have been oppressive
conduct, a share buyout should not be made, as by the time of trial, a
provisional liquidator had been appointed and he had sold off the business and
assets of the company and the shares in the company were worthless. French CJ
made similar observations (at [72]). However, the High Court of Australia did
not state that the fact that a company is in liquidation would preclude relief
being granted; it merely found that a share buyout was inappropriate given the
circumstances.

151 Hence, that a company is already wound up at the time of the trial of a s
216 action is no bar to the action continuing or to the court granting reliefs
under s 216(2) where appropriate.

Orders

152 I note at the outset that the Suit (ie, the s 216 action) was commenced in
2017 and the Company was ordered to be wound up in June 2020 (pursuant to an
application by the Defendants under s 254(1) of the CA), a few months before
the start of the trial of the Suit. There was thus no substantial delay in
bringing the s 216 action such that I should refuse to grant relief.

153 Nevertheless, I am not minded to order the Defendants buy over Wei’s
shares in the Company. The Company is likely insolvent given the amounts owing
to its creditors (including the Wei-related Suppliers). The Company’s accounts
have not been audited from FY2015, and it is unlikely to be audited given that
the Company has been wound up. Hence, there may be difficulties in a proper
determination of what is fair value at the date of this decision or at April
2016 (as Wei has sought), 178

##### Foot Note 178

×

PWS at [139(b)(i)].

and any attempt at such determination is likely to be time-consuming and
expensive. In any event, the liquidators may carry out investigations and take
appropriate steps to redress any wrongs to the Company committed by its
directors (see Sakae Holdings Ltd v Gryphon Real Estate Investment Corp Pte
Ltd and others (Foo Peow Yong Douglas, third party) and another suit [2017]
SGHC 73 at [293]). Moreover, whilst Wei claims that the downfall of the
Company was caused by the Defendants’ actions (such as paying themselves from
the assets of the Company and causing advances to be made to LSW which have
not been pursued by the Company), Wei had also contributed to the Company’s
demise when he caused SH to undercut the Company and supply directly to Apple.
It bears remembering that Wei was at the material time also a director and
shareholder of the Company. As fairness and equity play important roles in a s
216 action, the conduct of all parties should be taken into account when
considering the appropriate reliefs under s 216(2) of the CA. It would not be
fair to give Wei a windfall by ordering the Defendants to buy over shares that
may now be worth little when Wei had contributed in part to the devaluation of
these shares.

154 Whilst that may be the case, the Defendants’ oppressive conduct which
occurred prior to SH undercutting the Company cannot be ignored. Thus, I order
Low and Sim to pay the Company the sums paid to them pursuant to the invalidly
declared Dividends, namely US$800,000 each, as well as the Big Bonuses I have
found were made in breach of the Company’s Articles. The payment of the
Dividends and the Big Bonuses unfairly discriminated against and prejudiced
Wei by reducing the overall assets of the Company of which Wei is a
shareholder. In Ho Yew Kong (at [118]) the court noted that its wide
discretion to fashion such relief it considers just can extend to making
orders for the errant shareholder or director to make restitution to the
company of monies that they have wrongfully diverted from the company. The
Court however (at [119]) cautioned against too readily granting what is in
essence a corporate relief in an oppression remedy and stated the necessity of
focusing on the essential remedy the applicant is seeking. It also noted that
a s 216 action should generally not be permitted where the essential remedy
sought is for the company and in such a case the appropriate remedy would be a
statutory derivative action under s 216A of the CA.

155 The above concerns do not bar the remedies ordered in the present case.
Here, a s 216A derivative action would not avail the Company which has been
wound up (see Kumagai at [72]; Petroships Investment Pte Ltd v Wealthplus Pte
Ltd and others and another matter [2016] 2 SLR 1022). The mere winding up of
the Company without an order to make restitution to it of the amounts
improperly paid out to the Defendants from its assets, would not remedy the
commercial unfairness to Wei and bring an end to the oppressive conduct
complained of. This is even if the order, which would increase the overall
assets for distribution, may not result in sufficient net assets available
thereafter for distribution to the shareholders (including Wei). Low and Sim,
in paying themselves US$800,000 each (from the Dividends) and the Big Bonuses
(of around $793,597 and $695,897 respectively), had committed personal wrongs
against Wei as he was deprived of similar payments (if they had been paid out
validly in conformity with the Articles of the Company). It bears noting also
that whilst the claim pertaining to the Big Bonuses relates to Wei (and the
Defendants) being directors of the Company, the right pertaining to management
participation is closely related to Wei’s right as a shareholder of the
Company. The courts have protected the interests of a member qua director (see
Kitnasamy s/o Marudapan v Nagatheran s/o Manogar and another [2000] 1 SLR(R)
542).

156 In light of the above order that I have made, there is no need to deal
with Wei’s alternative prayer that he be paid US$1.5 million by the
Defendants. In any event, such relief is inappropriate as I have found the
Dividends were invalidly declared and thus none of the shareholders (including
Wei) were entitled to them.

157 As for Wei’s submission for a declaration that the Defendants had breached
their fiduciary duties to the Company, Wei did not plead this relief (despite
having amended his Statement of Claim five times) and this was only raised in
his closing submissions. I also do not see how such a declaration would bring
an end to or remedy the oppressive conduct complained off. Further I have
already made findings pertaining to Low’s duties owed to the Company.

Conclusion

158 In conclusion, I find that Wei’s claim under s 216(1) of the CA is made
out, and I order that Low and Sim pay or return to the Company US$800,000 each
and the equivalent of the Big Bonuses. I will hear parties on costs.

Audrey Lim  
Judge

Jimmy Yim SC, Kevin Lee, Eunice Lau and Lim Joe Jee (Drew & Napier LLC) for
the plaintiff;

Tan Chuan Thye SC, Jared Kok and  
Shaun Ou (Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP) for the first and second defendants.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 19 Apr 2021 (09:12 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

