Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC 49

Tribunal Appeal No 8 of 2020

Between

Dr. August Wolff GmbH & Co. KG Arzneimittel  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

Combe International Ltd  
---  
  
… Defendant

Grounds of Decision

[Intellectual Property] — [Trade marks and trade names] — [Invalidity]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Dr August Wolff GmbH & Co KG Arzneimittel

  
v

  

Combe International Ltd

[2021] SGHC 49

General Division of the High Court — Tribunal Appeal No 8 of 2020

Hoo Sheau Peng J  
22 July 2020; 10 February 2021

25 February 2021

Hoo Sheau Peng J:

Introduction

1 This was an appeal by Dr. August Wolff GmbH & Co. KG Arzneimittel (the
“plaintiff”) against the decision of the learned Principal Assistant Registrar
(“PAR”) allowing the application of Combe International Ltd (the “defendant”)
for a declaration of invalidity against the registration of Singapore Trade
Mark Registration No. T1206670G “VAGISAN” in Class 3 (“Soaps, perfumery,
essential oils, cosmetics, hair lotions”) and Class 5 (“Pharmaceutical
products, sanitary products for medical purposes; dietetic substances for
medical purposes”). The PAR’s reasons are stated in Combe International Ltd v
Dr. August Wolff GmbH & Co. KG Arzneimittel [2020] SGIPOS 3 (the “GD”). Having
heard and considered the parties’ submissions, I dismissed the appeal. These
are my reasons.

Facts

2 The plaintiff is part of a family business, the Dr Wolff Group, that was
founded in 1905 and named after its founder Dr August Wolff. The plaintiff
researches, manufactures and markets dermatological, medicinal and cosmetic
products that are distributed in many countries. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents Vol III Tab E, p 152, para 5.

In 1994, the Dr Wolff Group conceived the name “VAGISAN” for use in connection
with intimate care products. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents Vol III Tab E, p 152, para 7.

According to the plaintiff, “VAGISAN” was conceptualised to be a portmanteau
of the English word “vagina” and the Latin word “sanitas” (which means
“health”). 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents Vol III Tab E, p 152, para 8.

The plaintiff’s intimate care products, which are now sold in many countries,
first bore the “VAGISAN” Mark in 1998. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents Vol III Tab E, p 152, para 7.

The plaintiff registered the “VAGISAN” Mark in Singapore on 19 March 2012. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents Vol X Tab L, Exhibit 9, p 7.

Despite intentions to commence sales of its product here, the plaintiff put a
halt to the plans pending the determination of the trade mark disputes in
several countries, including the present dispute in Singapore. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents Vol III Tab E, p 152, para 10.

3 The defendant is a global personal care company founded in 1949 by its
namesake, Ivan Combe. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents Vol I Tab D, p 50, para 4.

Its market strategy focuses on advertising and promoting its in-house brands
without use of the company name “Combe”. For example, the defendant has
developed and currently markets products such as “JUST FOR MEN” hair care,
“SEABOND” denture care, and “AQUA VELVA”, “BRYLCREEM” and “JOHNSON’S FOOT
SOAP” men’s grooming products. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents Vol I Tab D, p 51, para 5.

4 “VAGISIL” products for feminine care are among one of the defendant’s key
brands. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents Vol I Tab D, p 51, para 5.

The defendant first used the “VAGISIL” Mark in Singapore in 1990. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents Vol I Tab D, p 51, para 8.

It is the registered owner of these “VAGISIL” trade marks in Singapore: 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents Vol I Tab D, p 54–56.

No| TM No, Mark, andApplication Date| Specification  
---|---|---  
1| TM No: T9804752HMark: VAGISILApplication Date: 20 May 1998| Class 5:
Pharmaceutical preparations, medicated creams, and vaginal suppositories.  
2| TM No: T9804751ZMark: VAGISILApplication Date: 20 May 1998| Class 3:
Cosmetics and toiletries for feminine use, lotions, powders, sprays, towels
impregnated with non-medicated preparations, and washes; and all other goods
in Class 3.  
3| TM No: T1112897JMark: VAGISILApplication Date: 19 September 2011| Class 5:
Vaginal lubricants; and medicated products for feminine use, including
medicated feminine anti-itch creams, and premoistened feminine hygiene wipes.  
  
4| TM No: T0813410HMark: VAGISILApplication Date: 29 September 2008| Class 10:
Vaginal pH testing kits containing testing swabs and colo[u]r guides; testing
apparatus for sale in kit form [medical]; medical diagnostic testing
apparatus; test apparatus for medical use; surgical, medical, dental and
veterinary apparatus and instruments.  
---|---|---  
5| TM No: 40201507713YMark: VAGISILApplication Date: 5 December 2014| Class 3:
Feminine antiperspirant creams, gels, lotions, powders, and sprays; feminine
deodorant creams, gels, lotions, powders, and sprays; non-medicated feminine
soothing creams, gels, lotions, powders, and sprays for the skin; non-
medicated douches; non-medicated moisture[s]ers for the skin at the external
vaginal area; non-medicated pre-moistened feminine towelettes and wipes; non-
medicated feminine hygiene washes.Class 5: Preparations for external and
internal lubrication and moisture[s]ation of the vagina; medicated feminine
anti-itch creams, gels, lotions, powders, and sprays for the skin; medicated
douches; vaginal lubricants; vaginal moisture[s]ers; medicated pre-moistened
feminine towelettes and wipes; medicated feminine hygiene washes.Class 10:
Massagers  
  
5 Presently, the defendant’s “VAGISIL” products are available at Singapore
retailers such as NTUC FairPrice, Cold Storage, Watson’s, Guardian, Unity
Pharmacy, Venus Beauty, Pink Beauty and Tomato. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents Vol I Tab D, p 52, para 10.

The products are also available on online retailers such as Lazada, Qoo10,
Shopee, Redmart, Amazon Prime Now, Daily Mart, Tan Tock Seng Hospital
pharmacy, Splendideals.sg, Cloversoft & Co., EA Mart SG, Corlison and the
VAGISIL e-store. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents Vol I Tab D, p 52, para 10.

6 The defendant provided its trade promotion and advertising expenses between
2011 and June 2018 for goods bearing the “VAGISIL” Marks in Singapore: 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents Vol I Tab D, pp 52–53, para 11.

at [12] of the GD. The defendant also furnished its unit sales in Singapore
between 2011 and June 2018 for goods bearing the “VAGISIL” Marks, based on
sales by its distributor Corlison to Singapore retailers: 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents Vol I Tab D, p 53, para 13.

at [13] of the GD. The defendant’s products sold under “VAGISIL” Marks have
been referenced in certain television shows, 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents Vol I Tab D, p 56, para 19.

and the “VAGISIL” Marks have also been referred to in certain literary works:
17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents Vol I Tab D, p 57, para 20.

at [15]–[16] of the GD.

7 On 14 November 2017, the defendant applied to declare invalid the
registration of the plaintiff’s “VAGISAN” Mark pursuant to the following three
grounds:

(a) Section 23(3)(a)(i) read with s 8(2)(b) of the Trade Marks Act (Cap 332,
2005 Rev Ed) (“the Act”). The first ground provides for the invalidation of
the registration of a trade mark which is “similar to an earlier trade mark”,
“registered for goods or services identical with or similar to those for which
the earlier trade mark is protected”, and “there exists a likelihood of
confusion on the part of the public”.

(b) Section 23(3)(b) read with s 8(7)(a) of the Act. The second ground relates
to invalidation of the registration of a trade mark to protect rights acquired
under “the law of passing off” by any “unregistered trade mark or other sign
used in the course of trade”; and

(c) Section 23(3)(a)(iii) read with s 8(4)(b)(i) of the Act. The third ground
provides for invalidation of the registration of a trade mark to accord
protection to well-known marks.

8 For the first ground, the defendant relied on all its registered trade marks
except for Trade Mark No 40201507713Y, which is not a relevant mark given that
its application date of 5 December 2014 is after 19 March 2012 ie, the date of
registration of the “VAGISAN” Mark. The four other trade marks shall
collectively be referred to as “the “VAGISIL Marks””.

9 I pause to observe that the parties are currently embroiled in similar
disputes in several jurisdictions around the world. In Australia, the
Registrar of Trade Marks refused registration of the “VAGISAN” Mark, but the
plaintiff succeeded in its appeal before the Federal Court of Australia: see
Dr. August Wolff GmbH & Co. KG Arzneimittel v Combe International Ltd [2020]
FCA 39 (“August Wolff (AU)”). The defendant has appealed against this
decision. In New Zealand, the defendant successfully opposed the registration
of the “VAGISAN” Mark before the New Zealand Intellectual Property Office: see
Dr. August Wolff GmbH & Co. KG Arzneimittel v Combe International Ltd [2018]
NZIPOTM 10. The plaintiff’s appeal before the New Zealand High Court was
dismissed: see Dr. August Wolff GmbH & Co. KG Arzneimittel v Combe
International Limited [2020] NZHC 1679 (“August Wolff (NZ)”). In the US, the
Trademark Trial and Appeal Board (“TTAB”) dismissed the defendant’s
opposition, but a US District Court reversed the TTAB’s decision and ruled in
favour of the defendant: see Combe Inc v Dr. Aug Wolff GMBH & Co. 382 F. Supp.
3d 429 (E.D. Va. 2019). In the EU, the Cancellation Division allowed the
defendant’s application and cancelled the plaintiff’s “VAGISAN” Mark: see
Combe International Ltd. V Dr. August Wolff GmbH & Co. KG Arneimittel
Cancellation No 18 101 C (“August Wolff (EU Cancellation)”). The plaintiff’s
subsequent appeal to the Board of Appeal was dismissed: see Dr. August Wolff
GmbH & Co. KG Arzneimittel v Combe International Ltd. R2459/2019-4 (“August
Wolff (EU Appeal)”). The plaintiff has appealed against this decision.

The PAR’s decision

10 Referring to s 101(c)(i) of the Act (which provides that the registration
of a person as a proprietor of a registered trade mark shall be “prima facie
evidence of … the validity of the original registration”), the PAR noted that
the burden of proving the grounds fell on the defendant: at [6] of the GD.

11 The PAR allowed the defendant’s application for invalidation under the
first ground set out at [7(a)] above. To summarise, the PAR held that the
“VAGISIL” Marks have a normal level of inherent distinctive character: at [32]
of the GD. The PAR found that the plaintiff’s “VAGISAN” Mark and the
defendant’s “VAGISIL” Marks are visually and aurally similar to an above
average degree but conceptually neutral: at [38], [46], [48] and [49] of the
GD. Overall, she found that the marks are similar to an above average degree:
at [51] of the GD. Also, the PAR found that the plaintiff’s goods are
identical or similar to the defendant’s goods in Classes 3 and 5. This, in
fact, was not seriously disputed by the plaintiff: at [52]–[54] of the GD. The
PAR concluded that there is a likelihood of confusion (especially of what she
termed as “indirect confusion”): at [71] of the GD. Therefore, the defendant
succeeded on this ground of invalidation: at [72] of the GD.

12 In respect of the second ground set out at [7(b)] above, the PAR found that
the plaintiff’s use of the “VAGISAN” Mark amounts to a misrepresentation which
creates a likelihood of confusion and a real likelihood of damage to the
defendant’s goodwill in the “VAGISIL” Marks. Thus, the defendant also
succeeded on this ground of invalidation: at [91]–[98] of the GD.

13 As regards the third ground set out at [7(c)] above, the PAR found that the
“VAGISAN” and “VAGISIL” marks are similar: at [74] of the GD. However, as the
“VAGISIL” Marks were not well known in Singapore, this ground was not made
out: at [83]–[84] of the GD.

The parties’ cases

14 Before me, the plaintiff contended, in respect of the first ground, that
the PAR erred in holding that the marks “VAGISAN” and “VAGISIL” are visually
similar to an above average degree, are aurally similar to an above average
degree, are similar to an above average degree overall, and that there exists
a likelihood of confusion. As for the second ground, the plaintiff argued that
the PAR erred in finding that the elements of misrepresentation and damage are
made out. While the plaintiff did not challenge the outcome of the third
ground (which was in its favour), the plaintiff contended, as a matter of
consistency with its arguments in relation to the first two grounds, that the
PAR erred in finding that the marks are overall similar. The defendant, on the
other hand, submitted that the PAR’s decision should be upheld. I shall expand
on the parties’ arguments in my analysis below.

Whether the registration of the plaintiff’s “VAGISAN” Mark should be declared
invalid under s 23(3)(a)(i) read with s 8(2)(b) of the Act

15 For the first ground, the relevant provisions state:

8. …

(2) A trade mark shall not be registered if because —

…

(b) it is similar to an earlier trade mark and is to be registered for goods
or services identical with or similar to those for which the earlier trade
mark is protected,

there exists a likelihood of confusion on the part of the public.

…

23\. …

(3) The registration of a trade mark may be declared invalid on the ground —

(a) that there is an earlier trade mark in relation to which —

(i) the conditions set out in section 8(1) or (2) apply;

…

16 Under s 8(2)(b) of the Act, the analysis comprises a “step-by-step”
approach. By this, I mean that the court is required to systematically assess
the similarity of marks, the similarity of goods or services, and then the
likelihood of confusion arising from the two similarities. Only after the
court has determined the presence of the first two elements individually can
it then ascertain the likelihood of confusion: Staywell Hospitality Group Pty
Ltd v Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide, Inc and another and another appeal
[2014] 1 SLR 911 (“Staywell”) at [15]. This effectively bifurcates “the issue
of resemblance between the competing marks … from the question of the effect
of such resemblance”: Staywell at [20].

Whether the marks are similar

17 For the first step, the mark-similarity inquiry is “directed at assessing
substantive similarity” of the contesting marks “as a whole”. It is a mark-
for-mark comparison without consideration of any external matter. While it is
not a mechanistic approach, the court considers three aspects of the marks
being compared, namely visual, aural and conceptual similarity. The viewpoint
is that of “the average consumer who would exercise some care and a measure of
good sense in making his or her purchases” but also one who has “imperfect
recollection”: Hai Tong Co (Pte) Ltd v Ventree Singapore Pte Ltd and another
and another appeal [2013] 2 SLR 941 (“Hai Tong”) at [40].

18 Integrated into the analysis of visual, aural and conceptual similarity is
a consideration of whether the earlier mark is distinctive (in both its
technical and non-technical sense): Hai Tong at [26]; Staywell at [30]. In the
non-technical sense, distinctiveness refers to “what is outstanding and
memorable about the mark”. Such components tend to draw the average consumer’s
attention and stand out in the average consumer’s imperfect recollection:
Staywell at [23]. In the technical sense, distinctiveness ordinarily refers to
a mark’s inherent capacity (ie, relating to a mark’s fanciful or descriptive
nature) or acquired capacity (ie, based on the duration and nature of the use
of the mark) to operate as a badge of origin: Hai Tong at [31]–[33]; Staywell
at [24]. A mark which has greater technical distinctiveness enjoys a high
threshold before a competing sign will be considered dissimilar to it:
Staywell at [25].

19 While mindful that this is not a separate step within the marks-similarity
inquiry, the PAR, in her analysis, highlighted this matter separately. Given
that distinctiveness features in all aspects of the mark-similarity analysis,
as a matter of practicality, I shall also start with this. I then proceed to
the issues of visual and aural similarities (as parties accepted that the
marks are conceptually neutral), before dealing with the overall similarity of
the marks.

The distinctiveness of the “VAGISIL” Marks

20 The plaintiff did not specifically challenge the PAR’s finding that the
“VAGISIL” Marks possess a normal level of inherent distinctive character.
However, certain aspects of her reasoning were emphasised before the plaintiff
submitted on mark similarity.

21 To elaborate, the PAR was of the view that “VAGI” is of weak distinctive
character. The distinctiveness of the defendant’s “VAGISIL” Marks lies in the
combination of “VAGI” and “SIL”. Normally, invented words are considered to
have a very high degree of distinctive character. However, the relevant public
would likely recognise “VAGI” as a shortening of the word “vagina”, and the
invented word as indicating the intended treatment area of the goods.
Therefore, the inherent distinctiveness of the “VAGISIL” Marks is of a normal
level. The PAR also noted that the defendant did not rely on acquired
distinctiveness, and did not consider the matter: at [31]–[33] of the GD.

22 The plaintiff emphasised the PAR’s conclusion that “VAGI” has weak
distinctive character and went as far as to submit that “VAGI” is descriptive.
In particular, the plaintiff argued that “VAGI” is a direct reference to the
products in question, ie, intimate care products, and “vagina” is a commonly
used word in ordinary parlance. The prefix “VAGI” is also commonly used by
other third parties in naming their intimate care products, including
“VAGISTAT”, “VAGIFEM”, “VAGINNE”, “VAGICAL”, “VAGIKOOL”, “VAGICAINE”,
“VAGIFIRM”, “VAGI-PAL”, “VAGI-SITZ”, “VAGI-CLEAR”, “VAGI TIGHT”, “VAGI DOC”,
and “VAGI SNUG”. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents Vol III Tab E, p 159, para 29(c).

Notably, products bearing the “VAGISTAT” and “VAGIFEM” marks have been
available in the Singapore market since at least as early as 2013 and 2008
respectively. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents Vol III Tab E, p 159, para 29(c); Plaintiff’s
Bundle of Documents Vol X Tab L, Exhibit 12, pp 94 and 122.

“VAGINNE”, “VAGILUR”, and “VAGIFEM” are also marks registered in Singapore for
products such as “vaginal cleaning liquids for personal sanitary or
deodorizing purposes”, “gynaecological preparations”, and “pharmaceutical
products”. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents Vol III Tab E, p 159, para 29(d); Plaintiff’s
Bundle of Documents Vol X Tab L, Exhibit 13, pp 181, 183, 185–186.

Moreover, the plaintiff asserted that the PAR’s finding that “VAGI” has weak
distinctive character coheres with findings of the courts or Trade Mark
Offices in Australia, the EU and New Zealand, all of which have consistently
found that “VAGI” is descriptive or a direct reference to intimate care
products.

23 The defendant, on the other hand, emphasised the PAR’s findings that “the
distinctiveness of the VAGISIL mark lies in the combination of ‘VAGI’ and
‘SIL’ and the fact that it is conjoined to form an invented word”, and that
“VAGISIL” has at least a “normal level of inherent distinctive character”.
According to the defendant, these findings are consistent with Hai Tong
(concerning the “Lady Rose” mark), where the Court of Appeal held at [35] that
while the words “Lady” and “Rose” were not distinctive words when used
individually, “[i]t is the juxtaposition of the words that engenders
distinctiveness, in that when used together, the words do not convey a
sensible meaning”. Accordingly, the defendant argued that, notwithstanding
that “VAGI” is recognised as a shortened form of “vagina”, the suffix “SIL” is
distinctive and thus the “VAGISIL” mark as a whole is inventive and does not
convey a sensible meaning. Reliance was also placed on Harrods’ Application
(1935) 52 RPC 65 at 70 (cited in David Keeling et al, Kerly’s Law of Trade
Marks and Trade Names (Sweet & Maxwell, 15th Ed, 2011) (“Kerly’s”) at para
18-215) that “where […] two marks contain a common element which is also
contained in a number of other marks in use in the same market, such a common
occurrence in the market tends to cause purchasers to pay more attention to
the other features of the respective marks and to distinguish between them by
those other features”.

24 The parties did not specifically call into question – and I saw no reason
to disturb – the PAR’s finding that the “VAGISIL” Marks bear a normal level of
inherent distinctiveness. I agreed with the PAR’s reasoning that the prefix
“VAGI” is of weak distinctive character, and the invented word would be
understood to denote the intended treatment area of the goods. However, the
suffix “SIL” is distinctive. Further, the distinctiveness of the “VAGISIL”
Marks must be seen to lie in a combination of the prefix “VAGI” and the suffix
“SIL”. Therefore, the PAR was correct in holding that, when taken as a whole,
the “VAGISIL” Marks possess a normal degree of distinctiveness. As observed in
Kerly’s at para 8-133:

… it has long been the case that a trade mark may be both distinctive and also
convey something by way of a description of the goods or services. One need
only take the example of a mark which contains a skilful and covert allusion
to some characteristic of the goods (for example the purpose or their
quality). These are often regarded as being the most valuable trade marks,
being distinctive yet also having an element of descriptive character in them.

25 An important corollary of the finding that the “VAGISIL” Marks possess an
overall normal degree of distinctiveness is that the threshold to surmount
before the “VAGISAN” Mark will be regarded as being dissimilar is but a
moderate one: see Hai Tong at [30]. With these matters in mind, I considered
the similarity of the marks.

Whether the marks are visually similar

26 In concluding that the marks are visually similar to an above average
degree, the PAR held that “the marks as wholes … coincide in the majority of
the letters, as well as in their structure and number of letters”: at [38] of
the GD. The plaintiff argued that the PAR erred in placing significant
emphasis on the “VAGI” component when greater weight should have been given to
the respective suffixes. Additionally, the plaintiff contended that the PAR’s
finding disregarded the descriptiveness of the “VAGI” component and the
differences in the distinctive suffixes in each mark. The plaintiff relied on
Apple Inc. v Xiaomi Singapore Pte Ltd [2017] SGIPOS 10 (“Xiaomi”), where the
Registrar found the “PAD” in the “IPAD” mark to be descriptive. In that case,
the Registrar held that the “MI PAD” mark did not capture the “I” feature or
the standalone “IPAD” word, both of which are distinctive (at [40]–[41] and
[50(iv)]). The plaintiff also cited a series of decisions from other
jurisdictions which dealt with marks containing identical prefixes.

27 On the other hand, the defendant contended that trade marks must be
compared as wholes without giving special regard to particular elements:
ACCUTRON Trade Mark [1966] RPC 152 at 155. In comparing whether “ACCUTRON” for
clocks and watches could be opposed by the proprietors of the “ACCURIST” mark
for wrist watches and the “ACCULARM” mark for alarm clocks, Buckley J held
that, when comparing the visual similarities of the marks, the judge “must
look at the marks as a whole and judge them as a whole as invented words”. In
any event, the defendant highlighted the PAR’s observation that even “the
suffixes of the marks in the instant case also share some similarity – they
are three letters long and both begin with the letter ‘S’”: at [37] of the GD.

28 Specifically, the defendant relied on Sarika Connoisseur Cafe Pte Ltd v
Ferrero SpA [2013] 1 SLR 531 (“Sarika CA”), where the Court of Appeal held
that the “NUTELLA” and “NUTELLO” marks were visually similar because the marks
had the same length (ie, seven letters), same structure (ie, a single word),
and the same six out of seven letters: at [23]. A similar outcome was arrived
at in Hyundai Mobis v Mobil Petroleum Company, Inc [2007] SGIPOS 12 (“Mobil”),
where the Registrar found the “MOBIS” and “MOBIL” marks to be similar because
when the marks were viewed as wholes, a large part of the marks were similar
and only the last letters were different (at [41]). The defendant also
referred to Johnson & Johnson v Uni-Charm Kabushiki Kaisha (Uni-Charm Corp)
[2007] 1 SLR(R) 1082 (“Uni-Charm”) at [9] (where “CAREFREE” and “CAREREE” were
found to be visually similar) and Future Enterprises Pte Ltd v McDonald’s Corp
[2006] 4 SLR(R) 629 (“Future Enterprises”) at [9] (where “McCAFÉ” and
“MacCoffee” were held to be visually similar).

29 Visual similarity is ascertained by “reference to the overall impressions
created by the marks or signs, bearing in mind their distinctive and dominant
components”: Hai Tong at [62(b)]. An overall impression may “in certain
circumstances, be dominated by one or more of its components”: Bridgestone
Corporation and Bridgestone Licensing Services, Inc. v Deestone Limited [2018]
SGIPOS 5 at [60]; Hai Tong at [62(c)]. A descriptive element of a complex mark
is not likely to be perceived “as the distinctive and dominant element of the
overall impression conveyed by that mark”: Ceramiche Caesar SpA v Caesarstone
Sdot-Yam Ltd [2017] 2 SLR 308 (“Caesarstone”) at [41]. Nevertheless, “[t]he
finding of distinctiveness of the separate components of the mark must
ultimately be related back to the impression given by the mark as a whole”
because “it is the entire mark, and not only a component of it, that must
function as the badge of origin”: Staywell at [29].

30 Here, consistent with my views expressed at [24] above, I agreed with the
PAR that the prefix “VAGI” has weak distinctive character and, as such, is not
likely to be perceived as the distinctive and dominant elements of the overall
impressions conveyed by the marks. Rather, my view is that the respective
suffixes of both marks constitute their distinctive components. In this
regard, I noted that two out of three letters in “SIL” and “SAN” are different
while the first out of the three letters are the same (ie, the letter “S”).
Bearing all of the foregoing in mind, I was of the view that, based on a
comparison of the overall impressions of the marks, the marks are visually
similar. The fact that two out of three letters in the “SIL” and “SAN”
components are different does not overshadow the coincidence of five letters
(ie, “V”, “A”, “G”, “I” and “S”) in the two marks that comprise only seven
letters each. Assessing the marks in terms of their overall visual impressions
and as wholes, I found the marks to be visually similar. That being said, the
visual similarity here is only to an average degree (as opposed to an above-
average degree) owing to the differences in the distinctive components (ie,
“SIL” and “SAN”).

31 This conclusion, in my view, is consistent with the cases cited by both
parties. In Future Enterprises at [9], the High Court held that the
“MacCoffee” mark is visually similar to the earlier “McCAFÉ” mark,
notwithstanding the difference of four letters. The High Court held that the
diacritical in “É” is likely to go unnoticed, the capital “C” divides both
marks, and both suffixes share the common letters “c”, “f” and “e” in the same
sequence. Moreover, the Court of Appeal in Sarika CA (“NUTELLA” and
“NUTELLO”), the Registry in Mobil (“MOBIL” and “MOBIS”), and the High Court in
Uni-Charm (“CAREFREE” and “CAREREE”) all held that the relevant marks are
visually similar. However, the marks in those cases differ by only one letter
while the marks here differ by two letters. For this reason, I found that the
degree of visual similarity in the present case is average and not to an above
average or high degree. The case of Xiaomi (“IPAD” and “MI PAD”), on the other
hand, is quite different because the Registrar observed at [50(iv)] that the
coincidence of the letters “I”, “P”, “A”, and “D” is diminished by the fact
that the “I” in “MI PAD” is separated from “PAD”. The compound word marks here
do not feature such a physical separation.

32 I turn now to the decisions regarding the same pair of marks, which must be
treated with some caution given that our “step-by-step” approach diverges from
the test in, for example, the EU (ie, the “global appreciation test”) and
Australia (ie, the “deceptive similarity test”). In August Wolff (NZ), the New
Zealand High Court held at [38] that, “focusing on the distinct suffixes, in
an overall assessment and allowing for imperfect recollection, I consider some
visual and aural similarity remains”. Similarly, in August Wolff (EU Appeal),
the EU Board of Appeal, in dismissing the appeal against the Cancellation
Board’s decision to cancel the “VAGISAN” Mark, held at [54] that: “[t]he
differing last letters ‘IL’ and ‘AN’ are not sufficient to counteract the
similarities resulting from the majority of the common letters, also taking
into account that consumers only rarely have the chance to make a direct
comparison”. On the other hand, the Federal Court of Australia held in August
Wolff (AU) at [55] that the “VAGISAN” and “VAGISIL” marks are not deceptively
similar because the common element of the two marks is descriptive and “should
be paid less attention”. On the whole, I agreed with the reasoning of the New
Zealand High Court and the EU Board of Appeal given their emphasis on the
overall visual impression given by the marks. I should add that the marks-
similarity test in New Zealand broadly mirrors our “step-by-step” approach:
see August Wolff (NZ) at [63].

33 The plaintiff also cited the following cases: Apogepha Arzneimittel GmbH v
Peptonic Medical Abi Opposition No B 2930645 (concerning “VAGIMID” and
“VAGIVITAL”); Apogepha Arzneimittel GmbH v Peptonic Medical AB Opposition No B
3028522 (also concerning “VAGIMID” and “VAGIVITAL”); Apogepha Arzneimittel
GmbH v Continental Brands Plus LLC Opposition No B 3011189 (concerning
“VAGIMID” and “VAGISTAT”); and Apogepha Arzneimittel GmbH v Avia Pharma AB
Opposition No B 3036640 (concerning “VAGIMID” and “VAGITIN”) (collectively,
the “Vagimid Decisions”). In the Vagimid Decisions, the EU Intellectual
Property Office found that the “VAGIMID” mark was dissimilar to “VAGIVITAL”,
“VAGISTAT” and “VAGITIN”. However, the cases are distinguishable given that
the suffixes in “VAGIVITAL” and “VAGISTAT” have more letters than “VAGIMID”.
Furthermore, none of the suffixes in the latter three marks begin with the
letter “M”. In contrast, the three-letter suffixes of “SIL” and “SAN” begin
with the letter “S”.

34 Finally, I considered the decision of In the Matter of Application No.
2273267 by Pilkington Plc (O-116-04) (“Pilkington”). In that case, the
applicant sought to register “OPTITEC” in Classes 9, 19 and 21, and the
proprietor of the “OPTIROC” mark subsequently opposed the applicant’s
registration. After conducting a visual comparison of the marks, the Registrar
at [21] observed that both marks have the same “OPTI” prefix and that “the
terminations ie, remainder of the marks, are conspicuously different and I do
not believe that these differences would be readily ignored or marginalised in
use”. I observed that Pilkington provides some useful guidance given that both
Pilkington and the present case involve marks that have the same lengths of
prefixes (ie, four letters), lengths of suffixes (ie, three letters),
proportions of identical letters in the suffixes (ie, one out of three
letters), and lengths of the word marks (ie, seven letters). Nevertheless, I
was mindful that it is the last letter in the suffixes of “OPTITEC” and
“OPTIROC” which are the same (ie, “C” in “TEC” and “ROC”). This seemed to me
to be less visually impactful than the similarity in first letter of the
suffixes of the competing marks in question (ie, the “S” in “SIL” and “SAN”).

35 For the reasons set out above, I found that the plaintiff’s “VAGISAN” Mark
is visually similar to the “VAGISIL” Marks. However, I departed from the PAR’s
view that the similarity is of “an above average degree”. Instead, it seemed
to me that such similarity is to an average degree.

Whether the marks are aurally similar

36 The PAR held that the compared marks are aurally more similar than
dissimilar and that the degree of similarity is above average. She considered
“the overall phonetic impression produced by the marks, which is influenced by
the number and sequence of its syllables, and the rhythm and intonation of the
marks”. In arriving at her conclusion, the PAR also considered that in the
aural context, “VAGI” may not be immediately associated with the word “vagina”
due to differences in pronunciation: at [46] of the GD.

37 Disagreeing, the plaintiff contended that while the root word “vagina” is
pronounced with an “uh” vowel sound, the “VAGI” prefix is pronounced with an
“eh” vowel sound when read in the context of most derivative words such as
“vaginismus”, “vaginitis”, “vaginoplasty”, “vaginosis”. Thus, the plaintiff
argued that the average consumer would still associate “VAGI” (albeit
pronounced with an “eh” vowel sound) with the word “vagina”. Consequently, the
plaintiff submitted that the average consumer would pay less attention to the
“VAGI” component of the mark. Furthermore, the plaintiff contended that where
a mark is constituted of multiple components of varying distinctiveness, such
as in the present case, the “Dominant Approach” rather than the “Quantitative
Approach” would be more appropriate. Applying the “Dominant Approach”, the
plaintiff argued that the suffixes “SAN” and “SIL” would be pronounced in full
and with equal emphasis on the third and first syllable of each mark. In
particular, the “AN” and the “IL” sounds would not be confused with each
other. Even if the “Quantitative Approach” were to be applied, the plaintiff
stressed that the final syllables “SAN” and “SIL” are dissimilar. As such, the
plaintiff argued that the compared marks are dissimilar or, at the most,
similar to a low degree.

38 On the other hand, the defendant argued that under either approach, the
marks would be aurally similar. Under the “Dominant Approach”, the defendant
asserted that the first syllable of the “VAGISAN” and “VAGISIL” marks would be
the most dominant and distinctive because consumers would emphasise the first
two syllables of both marks when pronouncing them. Additionally, the defendant
contended that the first syllable of a word is the most important for the
purpose of distinction because persons using English tend to slur the
termination of words: Ferrero SPA v Sarika Connoisseur Cafe Pte Ltd [2011]
SGHC 176 at [63] (“Sarika HC”). The Court of Appeal in Sarika CA at [29]
agreed that the first syllable of the marks would likely be emphasised and
that “[i]t would do violence to the natural pronunciation of both words to say
… that the ending vowels would be accented”. Under the alternative
“Quantitative Approach”, the defendant noted that “VAGISAN” and “VAGISIL” each
comprises three syllables, and it argued that weight should be accorded to the
fact that the first two syllables of the words are identical. Since first
impressions are of importance in determining aural similarity, a consumer with
imperfect recollection would find the marks to be aurally similar: see Sarika
CA at [31]. Even if the prefix “VAGI” is associated with “vagina” regardless
of the difference in pronunciation, the defendant relied on the Court of
Appeal’s observation in Staywell at [35] that the aural analysis involves the
utterance of the syllables without exploring the composite meaning embodied by
the words. As such, the defendant contended that the PAR’s reasoning was
sound.

39 Having considered the parties’ arguments, I agreed with the PAR that the
marks are aurally similar. The principles governing the aural similarity
analysis are well settled. In Staywell, the Court of Appeal set out two
approaches for assessing aural similarity (at [31]–[32]). The first is the
“Dominant Approach” which requires identification of the dominant component of
the marks, and the second is the “Quantitative Approach” which requires a
quantitative assessment as to whether the competing marks have more syllables
in common than not. When choosing the proper approach to apply, I agreed with
the plaintiff that the Dominant Approach would be more suitable for marks
containing multiple components, particularly where the components on their
face differ significantly in their distinctive character. In Guccio Gucci
S.p.A. v Guccitech Industries (Private Ltd) [2018] SGIPOS 1 (“Guccio”), the
competing marks were “GUCCI” and ![](data:image/png;base64,
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).
In assessing aural similarity, the Registrar opined at [27]–[28]:

27 Notwithstanding this admission and the fact that even on a purely
quantitative basis there is aural similarity between the two syllable GOO-CHEE
and the three syllable GOO-CHEE-TEK, I do not consider that it is appropriate
or helpful when considering a composite mark comprised of different elements
of widely varying degrees of distinctiveness (or, to put it in the converse,
descriptiveness) to conduct a simple syllable count. To do so could have the
consequence that a later mark could be differentiated sufficiently from a
third party’s distinctive earlier mark incorporated in it merely by adding
sufficient matter of a descriptive nature as to overwhelm in purely
quantitative terms the distinctive element that comprises the opponent’s
earlier mark: for example, a later mark comprising NIKE: MAKES YOU RUN BETTER
would then be more dissimilar than similar to NIKE even though the only
distinctive part of the later mark is the word NIKE.

28 Instead, I consider that the aural comparison should be between the
Opponent’s mark GOO-CHEE (a combination of sounds that does not form part of
the English language) and, while not ignoring the presence of –TEK, the
dominant and distinctive two-syllable GOO-CHEE of the word GOO-CHEE-TEK. Also,
the strapline would again play a relatively insignificant role in the aural
rendition of the Application Mark, notwithstanding the fact that in
considering the Application Mark from the aural (emphasis original)
perspective I may not take into account the smaller lettering in which it is
included in the composite mark. In view of the fact that the dominant and
distinctive part of the Application Mark remains GOO-CHEE notwithstanding the
addition of other matter that is either descriptive or without trade mark
significance, I find that the two marks are very similar aurally.

40 Under the Dominant Approach, the court first ascertains whether a
particular component has a high degree of distinctiveness: Staywell at [28].
In that case, the Court of Appeal held that “Regis” was the distinctive
component of the marks in contention ie, “ST. REGIS” and “PARK REGIS”, because
it stood out in the imperfect recollection of the consumer. Thus, the finding
below of aural similarity on this basis was affirmed: at [31]. Similarly, the
High Court in Formula One Licensing BV v Idea Marketing SA [2015] 5 SLR 1349
at [119], when comparing “F1” and “F1H20” aurally, held that where the first
portion of a trade mark is used in a descriptive sense (in that case, “F1” was
descriptive), its significance is lessened. On that basis, the court concluded
that “F1” was aurally dissimilar to “F1H20”.

41 The parties did not dispute that the natural pronunciation of the “VAGISAN”
Mark and the “VAGISIL” Marks are “VAGI-SAN” and “VAGI-SIL” respectively. As
such, “VAGI” comprises the first component of both marks, while the suffixes
“SAN” and “SIL” constitute the second component of the respective marks. Since
both marks comprise multiple components, I found that the Dominant Approach
was the more appropriate approach to apply here: see Guccio at [27]–[28].
Consistent with my findings at [24] and [30] above, I found that the “VAGI”
prefix possesses weak distinctive character while the respective suffixes
possess greater distinctive character. I further agreed with the plaintiff
that the “SAN” and “SIL” sounds are striking and simple to pronounce for the
relevant public in Singapore. Indeed, the “ih” vowel sound in “SIL” and the
“ah” vowel sound in “SAN” are acoustically and phonetically distinct.
Notwithstanding the articulation with respect to the “IL” and “AN” components
of the respective marks, however, I was equally of the view that the foregoing
analysis could not overcome the fact that: (a) two out of three syllables are
aurally identical; and (b) even within the respective third syllables, the
sibilant “s” sound is the same. Taking the effects of slurring, careless
pronunciation and imperfect recollection in the round, I was of the view that
the marks are aurally similar, but to an average degree.

42 In my view, this is consonant with the reasoning of the EU Board of Appeal
in August Wolff (EU Appeal), which held at [54] that the marks “have the same
structure, intonation and rhythm”. Separately, in August Wolff (NZ), the New
Zealand High Court held at [38] that the “ear may be drawn to the beginning of
the word (aurally New Zealanders have a tendency to clip and slur final
syllables)”. On the other hand, the Federal Court of Australia held in August
Wolff (AU) at [59] that “SIL” and “SAN” “are quite distinct” and that “the
word marks sound quite different from each other”. On balance, I agreed with
the reasoning in August Wolff (EU Appeal) and August Wolff (NZ). I note that
in Pilkington, which concerned the “OPTITEC” and “OPTIROC” marks, the
Registrar at [22] held that “the terminations of the respective marks, TEC and
ROC, would sound noticeably different and serve to distinguish the marks in
aural use”. However, consistent with my analysis at [34] above, unlike in the
present case, it is the terminations (ie, the “C”) and not the beginnings of
the third syllables in each mark (ie, the “T” and “R” in the respective marks)
that are the same. This appeared to be less aurally impactful, particularly
taking into account slurring, careless pronunciation and imperfect
recollection.

43 For the reasons set out above, I agreed with the PAR to an extent and found
that the plaintiff’s “VAGISAN” Mark is aurally similar to the defendant’s
“VAGISIL” Marks, but to an average degree.

Whether the marks are similar overall

44 Overall, the PAR held that the marks are “similar to an above average
degree” on the basis that they are visually and aurally similar to an above
average degree and conceptually neutral: at [51] of the GD. Given my findings
that the marks are visually similar to an average degree and are aurally
similar to an average degree (and it was not disputed that the marks are
conceptually neutral), I was of the view that, on balance, the marks, taken as
wholes, are similar to an average degree.

Whether the goods are similar

45 Consistent with its position before the PAR, the plaintiff did not dispute
that the goods claimed under the marks in Classes 3 and 5 are similar (or even
identical in some instances). Therefore, I need not deal further with this
step of the analysis.

Whether there was a likelihood of confusion

46 Turning to the third step, unlike the inquiry into mark-similarity which is
directed at the features of the marks in question, the question of confusion
focuses on the effect that such similarity is likely to have on the relevant
segment of the public: Hai Tong at [76].

47 There are at least two specific aspects to this element of confusion. The
first is to mistake one mark for the other. In this aspect, the perception of
the relevant segment of the public, therefore, is that the later mark is in
fact the same as the registered mark. The relevant segment of the public does
not perceive that there are two distinct marks. A second aspect of confusion
arises where the relevant public perceives that the contesting marks are
different, but nevertheless remains confused as to the origin which each mark
signifies. Here, the relevant segment of the public perceives that goods
bearing the earlier registered mark and those bearing the later mark emanate
from the same source and is led to think that the trade source has chosen to
diversify its range of marks for any of a multitude of marketing or
promotional reasons or that the two sets of goods emanate from sources that
are economically linked or associated: Hai Tong at [74]. However, “mere
association” is not in itself a sufficient basis for concluding that there is
a likelihood of confusion in the absence of any possibility of misapprehension
as to the origin of the goods or services concerned. Put another way, it is
not sufficient that the relevant segment of the public would recognise or
recollect similarities between the contesting marks if there is no likelihood
of confusion as to origin ensuing: Hai Tong at [75].

48 The threshold of confusion required is that within a “substantial portion
of the relevant segment of the public” in excess of a “de minimis level”: Hai
Tong at [78(e)] and Sarika CA at [57]. Once again, the court considers the
perspective of “the average consumer who would exercise some care and a
measure of good sense in making his or her purchases, not that of an
unthinking person in a hurry”. Also, the average consumer is treated to have
“imperfect recollection”: Hai Tong at [40(c) and 40(d)]. Apart from the
similarity of marks and goods, “extraneous factors” may also be taken into
account in assessing the “likelihood of confusion”: Staywell at [95]–[96]. As
summarised by the Court of Appeal in Caesarstone at [56], the factors relevant
to the confusion inquiry are:

(a) factors relating to the impact of marks-similarity on consumer perception:
(i) the degree of similarity of the marks themselves; (ii) the reputation of
the marks; (iii) the impression given by the marks; and (iv) the possibility
of imperfect recollection of the marks (Staywell at [96(a)]); and

(b) factors relating to the impact of goods-similarity on consumer perception:
(i) the normal way in or the circumstances under which consumers would
purchase goods of that type; (ii) whether the products are expensive or
inexpensive items; (iii) the nature of the goods and whether they would tend
to command a greater or lesser degree of fastidiousness and attention on the
part of prospective purchasers; and (iv) the likely characteristics of the
relevant consumers and whether they would or would not tend to apply care or
have specialist knowledge in making the purchase (Staywell at [96(b)]).

49 In the GD (see [58]–[70]), the PAR examined the various factors. She then
held that the fact that the consumers would pay a fairly high degree of
attention to the purchase of the goods concerned would render direct confusion
“less likely”. However, she remarked that the possibility of “indirect
confusion” remained. She reasoned that the relevant segment of the public
might, on recognising that the marks are different, nevertheless assume that
there is a connection between the two undertakings, especially given the
similarity between the marks. Taking into account all the factors, and in the
light of imperfect recollection, she concluded that there is on balance a
likelihood of confusion: see [68] and [71] of the GD.

50 The plaintiff argued that there is no likelihood of confusion. In
particular, the plaintiff cited: (a) the dissimilarity of the marks; (b) the
fact that the “VAGISIL” Marks do not have a particularly famous reputation;
(c) the distinctive suffixes that overcome imperfect recollection and
slurring; (d) the fact that the parties’ marks have coexisted on trade mark
registers in at least 44 jurisdictions; 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents Vol III Tab E, p 160, para 35.

and (e) the goods being highly personal self-care products requiring
specialist assistance. Also, the plaintiff distinguished the present case from
the three examples of indirect confusion set out in Virgin Enterprises Ltd v
Virginic LLC [2019] EWHC 672 (Ch) (“Virgin”).

51 In response, the defendant contended that there is a likelihood of
confusion. Relying on Hai Tong (at [103]–[107]), it agreed with the PAR’s
conclusion on confusion. The reasons include: (a) the similarity and identity
of goods claimed; (b) the high degree of mark similarity; (c) the reality of
imperfect recollection when only the two final letters of the marks differ;
(d) the identical segment of the relevant public that the products target; (e)
the average consumer comprising both the public at large and those in the
trade; (f) the availability of the products in non-specialist contexts; and
(g) the fact that the products do not invite significant due diligence on the
part of the relevant segment of the public.

52 I highlight that the PAR used the expression “direct confusion” to refer to
the first aspect of the element of confusion, ie, mistaking one mark for the
other, and “indirect confusion” to refer to the second aspect of the element
ie, recognising the marks to be different but nevertheless assuming an
economic link or connection between the goods bearing the competing marks.

53 Having heard the parties, I found that six factors supported a finding of a
likelihood of confusion:

(a) First, as I have stated at [44] above, the marks in question are similar
to an average degree. Even if the “VAGI” component is regarded to have a
descriptive connotation, the “VAGISIL” Marks are distinctive as a whole: see
[24] above.

(b) Second, I accepted that the “VAGISIL” Marks have a respectable degree of
reputation in Singapore. Products bearing the “VAGISIL” Marks were first
available in 1990 and continue to be sold at popular Singapore retailers. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents Vol I Tab D, p 51, para 8.

They have been advertised and sold in Singapore at creditable volumes between
2011 and 2018. They have also been referred to by prominent third parties in
television shows, movies, books and articles. While I agreed that the court
ought not to engage in a “reputation-therefore-confusion” analysis (Rovio
Entertainment Ltd v Kimanis Food Industries Sdn Bhd [2015] 5 SLR 618 (“Rovio”)
at [125]), this was nevertheless a relevant consideration in this inquiry.

(c) Third, as noted at [45] above, the plaintiff conceded that the goods
covered by the “VAGISIL” Marks in Classes 3 and 5 are similar. In fact, some
of the goods claimed under the respective marks are identical. For example,
the plaintiff’s “soaps” and “cosmetics” in Class 3 overlap with the
defendant’s “cosmetics and toiletries for feminine use”, while the plaintiff’s
“pharmaceutical products” in Class 5 overlap with the defendant’s
“pharmaceutical preparations, medicated creams, and vaginal suppositories”.

(d) Fourth, both the “VAGISIL” and “VAGISAN” products target the same segment
of the market, namely females in the Singapore market. As this segment
comprises both the public at large and those in the trade (see [69] of the
GD), I agreed that many if not most consumers are not likely to have
specialist knowledge. Moreover, I was also cognisant of the fact that a
portion of the relevant segment of the public are likely to purchase these
items on e-commerce websites without specialist assistance.

(e) Fifth, the relevant segment of the public (ie, females in Singapore) would
carry in their minds an imperfect recollection of the overall impression of
the marks.

(f) Sixth, it was not disputed that the products in question are relatively
inexpensive, ranging from S$8 to S$17. They do not involve the type of
expenditure that would mandate significant prior due diligence on the part of
the relevant segment of the public.

54 On the other hand, there were two factors which militated against a finding
of a likelihood of confusion:

(a) First, while the relevant goods are relatively inexpensive, I was mindful
that the nature of the goods would tend to command a greater degree of
fastidiousness and attention on the part of prospective purchasers. The goods
in question are highly personal self-care products for women, which require
greater care in selection: Consolidated Artists B.V. v THEFACESHOP Co., Ltd.
[2017] SGIPOS 7 (“THEFACESHOP”) at [123]. In concluding that there was no
likelihood of confusion, the Registrar at [120] observed that, while the goods
in Class 3 for body and face care were not very expensive and were purchased
off the shelf, consumers “will be cautious about what they are purchasing”.
Furthermore, such a purchasing decision would not be made “lightly” as it was
a “choice with possible adverse consequences if the wrong products are used,
e.g. allergies or acne breakouts”: see [120]. Similarly, the Federal Court of
Australia in August Wolff (AU) opined at [68] that “[t]he proposition that a
woman is likely to pay little attention to the particulars of any product that
she might put in her vagina or on her vaginal area inherently lacks
credibility”. Female consumers in Singapore would likely pay at least a medium
level of attention before or during the purchase of the products in question.
Accordingly, I agreed with the PAR (at [65] of the GD) that the relevant
segment of the public would not simply purchase the goods in question in a
hurry without putting in some care and attention into the purchase process.

(b) Second, while a portion of consumers would purchase the relevant products
online, it seemed to me that, at present, consumers still normally purchase
these goods in brick-and-mortar shops. In THEFACESHOP, the Registrar held at
[123] that although the facial and body care products were self-service items,
“specialists abound to assist in the purchase, having regard to the deeply
personal nature of the same”. Furthermore, the Registrar held at [122] that
“consumers will be more particular about the origin or marks (emphasis
original) of such goods, as they are likely to trust certain brands more than
others”. This applies with equal if not greater force to purchases of intimate
care products. Notwithstanding that intimate care products may be self-service
items, when purchased from shops, decisions to buy these items are likely to
be made with the assistance of specialists.

55 On balance, I was persuaded that, having regard to the extraneous factors –
even accounting for the two factors discussed at [54] above – as well as the
similarity of the marks and goods in question, there exists a likelihood of
confusion on the part of the public. In my judgment, even if some consumers
would not regard the marks to be the same, a consideration of the factors at
[53]–[54] above indicated that those consumers would nevertheless likely
assume the existence of an economic link or connection between the goods
bearing the two marks.

56 I make three additional points to address the plaintiff’s arguments. First,
the fact that other traders have used the “VAGI” prefix in respect of other
vagina-related products (see [22] above) does not necessarily mean that no
likelihood of confusion arises. Granted, I accepted that the “VAGI” prefix
has, in Singapore, been applied to intimate care products. The plaintiff
indeed referred to: (a) printouts from e-commerce websites selling VAGI-
prefixed goods; (b) articles referencing “VAGISTAT” and “VAGIFEM”; and (c)
extracts of detailed particulars for trade mark registrations in respect of
“VAGINNE”, “VAGILUR” and “VAGIFEM”. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents Vol III Tab E, p 159; Plaintiff’s Bundle of
Documents Vol X Tab L, Exhibit 13, pp 181, 183, 185–186.

However, co-existence of marks with a similar prefix on a register does not
necessarily negate the possibility of confusion, but may simply show that the
common element is unlikely to be viewed as denoting a specific trade origin:
see Digipos Store Solutions Group Ltd v Digi International Inc [2008] EWHC
3371 (Ch) at [61].

57 Second, the fact that both marks in question have coexisted on foreign
trade mark registers or have been sold in the marketplace in various other
countries is neither here nor there. The plaintiff provided evidence that
“VAGISAN” and “VAGISIL” products had been sold in the UK since 2013, in Poland
since 2015, and in the Netherlands since 2017. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents Vol VII, Tab I, p 70; Plaintiff’s Bundle of
Documents Vol III Tab E, p 160, para 34; Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents Vol X
Tab L, pp 244–324.

Moreover, the plaintiff adduced evidence that the “VAGISIL” Marks and the
“VAGISAN” Mark co-exist on the trade marks registers of 44 other foreign
jurisdictions. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents Vol III Tab E, p 160, para 35; Plaintiff’s
Bundle of Documents Vol X Tab L, pp 244–324.

Nevertheless, the Court of Appeal in Caesarstone at [90] did not accord much
weight to the coexistence of competing marks in foreign jurisdictions as,
apart from the fact that the trade mark regimes in those jurisdictions might
have differed from Singapore’s, the court needed more evidence to show how the
coexistence stemmed from the absence of confusion.

58 Third, I turn to the decision of Virgin, which was an appeal against a
Hearing Officer’s decision dismissing Virgin Enterprises Ltd’s (the proprietor
of the earlier mark “VIRGIN”) opposition to Virginic LLC’s registration of
“VIRGINIC” in respect of goods in Class 3. It was observed that instances
where the court would find a likelihood of indirect confusion tended to fall
into one or more of three categories as follows at [17]:

(a) where the common element is so strikingly distinctive (either inherently
or through use) that the average consumer would assume that no-one else but
the brand owner would be using it in a trade mark at all. This may apply even
where the other elements of the later mark are quite distinctive in their own
right (“26 RED TESCO” would no doubt be such a case).

(b) where the later mark simply adds a non-distinctive element to the earlier
mark, of the kind which one would expect to find in a sub-brand or brand
extension (terms such as “LITE”, “EXPRESS”, “WORLDWIDE”, “MINI” etc.).

(c) where the earlier mark comprises a number of elements, and a change of one
element appears entirely logical and consistent with a brand extension (“FAT
FACE” to “BRAT FACE” for example).

59 The Hearing Officer concluded that there was no likelihood of either direct
or indirect confusion. Arnold J departed from the Hearing Officer’s decision
and held at [21] that there was a likelihood of indirect confusion arising
from the second category cited in the quoted section above. The learned judge
noted that the average consumer would perceive “VIRGINIC” as being the result
of adding the “IC” suffix (which in English typically means “of” or
“pertaining to”) to “VIRGIN”. Since this would make “VIRGINIC” a “newly-minted
adjective ‘of or pertaining to VIRGIN’”, Arnold J opined that the average
consumer would likely think that “VIRGINIC was a brand extension of VIRGIN”:
at [21].

60 I noted that the three categories of indirect confusion were stated as
being mere “[i]nstances where one may expect the average consumer to reach … a
conclusion” of indirect confusion: at [17]. The three categories are therefore
not exhaustive. As such, I did not find this case particularly useful, and
rest my decision on the consideration of the factors discussed at [53]–[54]
above. In any event, it seemed to be arguable that the present case fell
within the third scenario set out in Virgin. Here, the earlier marks,
“VAGISIL”, comprise two main components, “VAGI” and “SIL”. The relevant public
would likely regard the suffix of the later mark, “SAN”, to be a “change” from
the “SIL” component. This “change” may be perceived to be consistent and
logical with “VAGISAN” being a brand extension of “VAGISIL” because, in
addition to the identical prefixes, the suffixes (ie, “SIL” and “SAN”) of
each: (a) have the same length; (b) begin with the same letter; and (c)
comprise of a vowel sandwiched between two consonants.

Conclusion

61 Based on the foregoing, I found that the marks are similar to an average
degree, the goods are similar, and there is a likelihood of confusion.
Accordingly, I agreed with the PAR that the ground pursuant to s 23(3)(a)(i)
read with s 8(2)(b) of the Act was made out.

Whether the registration of the plaintiff’s “VAGISAN” mark should be declared
invalid under s 23(3)(b) read with s 8(7)(a) of the Act

62 Unlike s 8(2)(b) of the Act, the analysis under s 8(7)(a) requires the
court to examine the “VAGISIL” Marks as they have been actually used and sold
in Singapore. Sections 8(7)(a) and 23(3)(b) of the Act state:

8. …

(7) A trade mark shall not be registered if, or to the extent that, its use in
Singapore is liable to be prevented —

(a) by virtue of any rule of law (in particular, the law of passing off)
protecting an unregistered trade mark or other sign used in the course of
trade; or

…

23\. …

(3) The registration of a trade mark may be declared invalid on the ground —

…

(b) that there is an earlier right in relation to which the condition set out
in section 8(7) is satisfied,

unless the proprietor of that earlier trade mark or other earlier right has
consented to the registration.

63 The three elements of passing off are (a) goodwill, (b) misrepresentation,
and (c) damage to goodwill: Novelty Pte Ltd v Amanresorts Ltd and another
[2009] 3 SLR(R) 216 at [37] and affirmed in Singsung Pte Ltd v LG 26
Electronics Pte Ltd (trading as L S Electrical Trading) [2016] 4 SLR 86
(“Singsung”) at [28]. Goodwill refers to the “trading relationship with [the
proprietor’s] customers”: Allergan, Inc and another v Ferlandz Nutra Pte Ltd
[2016] 4 SLR 919 at [170]. Misrepresentation is a consumer-centric inquiry as
it focuses on the deception occasioned to the relevant public. In the present
appeal, the parties were agreed that the defendant’s “VAGISIL” Marks possess
goodwill but they disagreed on the second and third elements of the tort.

Misrepresentation which creates a likelihood of confusion

64 In relation to this element, there is a two-stage inquiry. First, “the
issue of distinctiveness is best understood as a threshold inquiry in the
context of determining whether the defendant has committed an actionable
misrepresentation”. If a mark is not distinctive, the mere fact that the
defendant has used something similar or identical in marketing and selling its
products would not amount to a misrepresentation that the defendant’s products
are the plaintiff’s or are economically linked to the plaintiff: Singsung at
[38].

65 Second, the test for a misrepresentation which creates a likelihood of
confusion is substantially the same as that for “likelihood of confusion”
under s 8(2)(b) of the Act: Sarika HC at [212]. In Hai Tong, the Court of
Appeal stated at [115] that, “although in an action for passing off, the court
is not constrained in the same way that it would be in a trade mark
infringement action in identifying the factors it may take into account”, the
court was amply satisfied that the element of misrepresentation had been made
out for the same reasons as those relied on to hold that there was a
“likelihood of confusion” in an infringement action under s 27(2)(b) of the
Act (which mirrors the language of s 8(2)(b) of the Act).

66 For the same reasons relied upon in concluding that there is a likelihood
of confusion, the PAR held that the plaintiff’s use of the “VAGISAN” Mark
amounted to a misrepresentation that creates a likelihood of confusion: at
[95] of the GD. She also held that the “V” device, which appears on the
defendant’s products, does not detract from the distinctiveness of the
defendant’s “VAGISIL” Marks and that consumers would still distinguish the
defendant’s goods by the word mark “VAGISIL” with or without the “V” device:
at [94] of the GD.

67 Before me, the plaintiff argued that the “V” device is always used in
conjunction with (either to the left or atop) the “VAGISIL” word mark on the
defendant’s products sold in Singapore. Repeating its analysis that the marks
are dissimilar and that there is no likelihood of confusion, the plaintiff
also submitted that there is no misrepresentation that creates a likelihood of
confusion. Needless to say, the defendant supported the PAR’s reasoning both
with regard to the “V” device as well as her conclusion regarding the element
of misrepresentation.

68 For reference, the packaging of the defendant’s products as they are sold
and advertised in Singapore are set out below:

![](data:image/png;base64,
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)|
![](data:image/png;base64,
iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAATwAAADiCAYAAADTRnvtAAAAAXNSR0IArs4c6QAAAARnQU1BAACxjwv8YQUAAAAJcEhZcwAADsMAAA7DAcdvqGQAAP+lSURBVHhexP13mBxXmb4Bj3HC2GATF1hggWWXhV12iQssu2SWDMbGWU6SbVmy5SxZOeccLCvnnHOWRpNz1mTNaHLOOUrPd7+numd6pBGY/X7f9f1xX93T011dXVXnruetOnUqaF9hm4y9sAd2F7RpF+yE7VfatA225LdpE2yE9XltWgtrLrdpFazMbdM7sDynTctgCSzObtNCWJDVrnkwF2ZntmsWzMxo13SYBlPT2zUlvUOTfUwKYOKl6+kclEnpfrqYRhfT85jq6OZ7PKbDDJiZ0aOZmT3My0DsNfvfDJgO0+yzYNOY4mNyAJN82HP7n/susO+x6c3Nuqr5Ode0EOZn9WgOv2lmaotmpjRpzqVWLcru1Ir8q1pXIu2slI7USuebpMgWKY7HxDopuUpKKfdIrpCSeF8Cr8VWX1NkdY/CqroUUtWhkIo2hZa3Kqy0VeHFLYoohCvNisyHPHvkb9ZnWHGHQkv5TEWPLlb1Krj2mi7wPcH1Hhd5HmIwL6EQViOFQwREQpSPaIjxEXszqgcScz38jpiqa4q+GfzGgVwdQFQA0TU++D2OumuKcfAd/K4+Gnitj6se9UyjrpffyPJkmYZUdiu4vEvnyzp1tsTjHFwo7VQIr4dVdCmisktREMPyj63uUlyN0a342h7oVTzTi6+76ogLINbg/zFGjdHDfPe4R+/vXsXyO4y4mmuOeJalkRBAYiAsS9sm4iuvKbaS38O6jSrvVmQZ81naoXCjrEMR5Z1unqOru933x/G741kO8Y18D8shuq6Hdczv821PwWUtOl/SrHPFTTpf3KzgkhZdLLPtjOlVdLIMupke8892FMM6GIi95off1gffXWV4yy6mqlMxlf1E+2H61xNl8N3XE8lv+1v4q8Lb+n8WXvugwpsxQHgdyOK9CG9w2Rl+4Zns3ovwnPQCRPd/FV4/Pe5/gcKzac3J6tX87KtakHNV8zK7NZvfYcKbkdLshLcQ4S3P69XaYmk7MjvExnu2AcEgu5hGNmCEk8iGnGyygyTek4jw4n3Ci2JjCmejCWUDDa1sZ0NEaKVtCi9pVURRiyIL4Aogu8gCXits538dCqMhmPBC2FAv0qCCTXhgsnPCu052/y+Ed4PsjL9JeJ7k/qrwrpOeB9/jhIfkBkDDhOg+4fU64YXSIC9WdOsCy+k8kvPL7qKTHSKpopFb40VwsTTguD7hedLz6PGoRWCD4IRn+CQXiF94sfyuOH67n3iWmZFwPSY7iDPhVfCbWLfRCC+K+Y1E2hEQiewiTRgmPBMO8xiDnGP53UYMsovitcjqTrYptpGKduTehuBaFcxO1DDZhZS1KwzJhDvp8x22LG4Qnv0dyHsTXp/s/v8lvB2DCQ/R/VXhIbrFMEB4iG6g8DqQUMcA4QXKbqDwBhedcX26CxSeX3qDC+9G6fllZ/+397rP+UTmF95A6fX0MeU66dl0ZjPNuUhvHszJ6NKsS/x2n/BmI7wFWR1aerlHqwqlLaXSPmR2AtFY0oqgkZpU4izRlSE6hJeI8BL6hId42Lgi2IAs5YVV2kYI5e3s1dsVWdKmyCJgfTqKeJ10F07DDaMxhLJnDq26qhCEZ4JzqQ5MdE52fcK7xncAj3+z8GBQ0TkQ0WCSux57H7/zZpj0Pfh7gPQMPjtAfNdjovOIrPWEFw5OejTmEBr1RWQRDJbswllm9l2xTNuSW4JhiQ7RxZv0IJYGbPQ3aLBG7vA1+oA0F8O0HMyzg9/RJwrWj5/YPpAaxBkILhAv3fE5E56j2xHl8BJpP8iD+TQi+yAFBhBu2xTvM8KQjQNxGv3C62U9GCxvh/9v329w+H43cvRk1y+8aMMvuUB8khsgO8NS6iDSixpEbDcD4bUjvHaE1649Be0Irx3htWvHlXaE1z648BCdEx6iW5nbjvDaEV67loIJb9FNhdeBDDr6hHfTdIfEHINIro8+2f1l4U1FNn7h3Sg9Kz99z32v+98XKLyB0usX3WTENsW4TnjTwaZn0pvDtGczjzPTPOFNR3iz0lpJfR1anNutd65c1QZS3i7EdhiZnUEUwUghjOdRSC6G12MRXhzPTYCxvG7pyDawSDYok14EG04EG4rtxd3e3FYupUwkiS4S0dljBLKLsIZLYwirtIZ9VaGIbIDk+kTnk51PeJFOeKRKH4HC+4sECM7PgOTmF9ug+BvRYPQ3rH7pAdK4AYTSD7/DYZK7Dt5rOPHRQMNp0Fa+WkO3xm3f5cnumhJIiIkmPEtxLPtYln0MgohmpxPFTifSwXI3bJ0YiCaS6UTS4KOYvn9+TdBuPvldJpBIg/XjQGB+ogIp94geDL/wrNz0EWXfa5Ky38I8hVtSs/KU5NYHaS6MVBdOuovgt0Tyu6L4fdEsD5tXS7bhyDPMbUNsczbdAcLzPbfX+uDzA2A59mGyC8QnOz/M63sWnsE2/15wwjPZBQpvZ6Dw8tsRXjvCa0d47QivHeG1I7x2hNfuCQ/R3SA8RDffCa+DRt9B4+8YILypNwivX2B9wjMGEd31svvrwvOYDn3CM/yyA//rNxeeX2w+yQXiE56T3iW+i++dDjNhlj2SVKentSG7VmhBfq2aS9JdmN2lZaS8NQXSVqS3F7kdRWyn4QKSC+XvCNJfFI/R/B2D8LxS0IRnZa01FNsgbeOzPS7Yntf26GyYXlkD9kiyi6AhRNCQItgYw/lsONPwl6395atPdBDJ/x0+0Xmy6yfGQCDu8WaY2P4Sg4kuENeY/Pga1XX0CS8A2xl4BMrs5tj/+8ToGrl/mXopzcpTS3aJJjuf8OJ9wnMlmZOdSQ5hIBQ/4bzmoMFG+JJRBI3f1kEE89YHvzXc1gvrx+2UjPIAyhDOALr7iODvCN4TafC5KKbRJx1bHnyfCTfcEhrzFFJCiVrcogtFzdCk4OJmXSxpcdIz4Vnis2OLscg9joojlh2hLX/bdsLZjmz+THgmZ1vWA9aBvcb3eeXuXxCe7UQGCC+Q60QXiF9w/0f6hYfk/qLwEN3fJrwOhNcxQHgzBxWeHX8LFFi/1P4SgbL7W4TnSc9jpg+/7G4QHviFN/V6yWX0BuAT3iWD7zTpIefpfkh301LbNA3hTUN4MxDe7HRvZ7A4p0sr83q1HultL5L2lyA9JHcKzsFFCDPxIbxIRBiF9KKd8DzpDSoCNi630dlG6YcN0YPGzWf6ZHZTvPd5UjUJeASWjn0lmREguUApOpjezYhCcn5ukF0f1/2+6+hrbOAk5/utTio+nEyYlok+jMc+mAcTv5O6yRvs5IKdZPBOPoArXe2kRLcrYxN5Lan+aj8N1xyJPE+o7wXE2MBziOfvOIjlNXfMkOn6y+nIPvh+lqGJN5z574N12AeC8FJnIJa2/InLO75oonYnQmrt+By/g++0RztmF81viKL0jkBodggk1I7Lke7CTNJOcqRV+738loQGOeJNeOwIbf1EVDB/pMhwUqbJz5a12zn4UqCXUG1b821/fiwNOnw75Bvwl9oB2E77/5fCM9kZVs7uRHR/u/A6tCy7A+F1ILyOwYWH5DzhdSKRTiTxf5Fdv+Sul92gwgO/8AaTXiDe//pl54TXR08AvQPoS3k+4U1J47elIfVUox3aPEx4qaQ8hDfzUpvmkPIWZHVqWU63Vl3u1cYr17QD8e1DfEdIfCfhHAIMRnohSC8M4UUgvCgTniU9KxdpqAOhQYFfUP5048cTGI37pvjfE4B9DgJl56CRDmCw9xhMw8/g3wnIZzD6y6MAaFweXnIIbFz+BudSFI3Mjr1ZanJlvINSvg9KeginMZvwokkysXU0dBp5Eo09pVFKbURmdSS56g7FVrWTrtsVW93p5GeSS22RWJ0iwPfT7sGqVwp/J/H/BDv73sz6auK3IsIIJBjOdEMRUZiBaPyE1w4kDIE5SJqhBqnSQRIKRVR2HDfCTjowT1F2AgKi65Feg9Hrwd/2mp2NjeJ9dkY2AvmF2/E7PmtCjuf3JjGPycxrMo+JdvLMjiezrUUiu4hyqPDEF8HycztEn/C8HY1v+dsO1ke/7PxcL7vrCRTe/3vpBQWmu8GF14HwOhBeB8Lr0PrLHQivA+F1ILwOhNeB8DoGCG/xoMLrRHidiKUTkfytwuvq43rZvRfhTfV9p2Gy9WPz4tEvQsOT482EN1B2fkx4kxHe5DTmI5Xfhewmp7RDm49WTYGpCG8aLWQGLWMW0nOlLctnOeXt6txulnGvtudfZZ1c02HEdwLpnUF45xHeRStzA6Rnwus7SWCNFawrhp2ZNKJouJE8GlGGlSbWsA0kY2dJ+yEFmGAC5NQnFjboQaExDuCG91iD8OFkNxgmvIC/A2TnlUdM5wY80fkZIDsalSsbwaUil4SQBYSSTIwQGqzHNYcdL420nQfLxxp4Eg09jQafgagyIbmOhljWrNCiegUX1OpcfjXU8l3tThCsVic2NhNlX5OyrvK81wfPL/Xw/y4E0sE64r1RzUgWCYUgn2Dkc9HEhzyj+F98J/Be9+gjjs/FIc9Yg++J4X0OxGTE8Vo8/0vkvUl8NolH910tTLORZQPRTSy3JtYxRDcaJFnmPZ7PJzKtJKaRbPDchJfY5G1PJrqwUpZbCTuOMiTH9hfJ9hdpOwlbX6znSIOdj9vRuOXfL7y/xuAiDBTeYNLz5BV9A+1/laC9BR00rg5k57ELdl7pQHgdCK9jUOGt8wlvNbJ71ye8FQOE14nwOl16mQdzkd1fF54nr0C5XU+g5PwEyq5feN607Tv8+IV3vfQGEig8T3p/WXhX+573C4/fguwmIruJbEET2YKMSbSKyaS8KZb0kJ0nvVYnvXnpbVqM+Fawc1jNstt4uRvp9bJerjrpHSflnbYSF+kFB0jP9rx2xjYO4cWZ8GissUjOumFEk1CMKD/2Gv+3FOOdUPBE138G0BOeA8n5uVFiNB7DSqTriDJ4z+DQOALF9pdAatczmOj8eMIjtdBYjAgr8cBkZ8ec3JnpcqRCORZCSrnouOZ2ICEsyzBrwH7hsZws2aXT6LOQSDYk15GEShp0Pq9aJ7LKdTC1SPtSinQqv0Hh/K5Qvv8CDS6slnlEFJbSLiDDEEtRpLlQhHaBVHimol0nKCGPFDZpf3699uTWald2tXbl1Ggf0zpB477I50MQkT06mJdg1p9xgXk7T/l7nhL1PIn6HN93Hi7w90WEGWrfzWfDIYTvPV3eqkNXanUIOR8pqNfRwgYdK2zksZHHJp1DLOFMN8Jg2m7naJJj+4hk2wpDcCHFPR4lpM0yJOdkB2w/7rAH69bJDvyp2pXXBsu/nxtldyM3k95A4dnx0j7+BtkZJDyEZ/iEt9ukFyC8bU54ndqc14n0OrUB1l/uJOV1IrxOUl6nVuZ0IrxOUl6nltJgTXiLfMKb74TXhfC6NAv8acqOrZmcTFLXS+y9iM74S7L768LzjiUOJr2bCW+aozcAE54nPb/wJpHwJpHw/MKb0Cc8Up4Jj1rHE16bO5HhSltYgPSWZLbrHaS3huXoSa9Hewqv6mDRVR0tvqaTpdd0NkB6tuHZsby+hGfC80kvlo04JhBecx1xBwgvQHIIxREgu8D+Ya6T7HWCi7YSqg+/8AIx0V1HgNhuOE7o4D0+yfXDd/0FnPACGpk7OWDYGUUw4XkH/0kqyC4U2YX4ZGeEsxyjAoTnlbOUq4290KNk0pgdl7MzrBdKOnSmqFPHr3Rqb2aztqU26ADr6hTTO0gy30ksPMJO6hzL2A5LbOfvLcTFTalNWpfcoNUJdVrJHmo58XwJ9lgYXq4FMOdisUbvT9awtRc0dM05Pbc+WM8bG3yP6y/o+XXn9ZyD/8PzPl5Yf07D15/XixvOa8SmYI2E17aHa8bpLK2Kr+I7a7QythIq9E5MhXttVXyl5p3P1cSDCZp2NFkLzmZpRegVbYgp086UOh3OblMwO1pX4ltpa9sQyyeikpKWctZOsnjHRz3R9ZWzRsC6+MvSQ5Z9BL7uk16f8Pql5525DRCeA5n5GURygQTtK2TF+dhT0InwOkl5naS8TqTXifA6SXmdTnomvI0mvctdpLwurcm1MqyLlNdFyutCel2kvC5SXhfS6yLldSG8LlJeF2WtJ7yZ4JfKFBhMeMZfEp1xveyMQNldLzw7SWJdYfz0C2+g+DwpDpSex+DCs8ep6YMIj5Q3AelNQHQTYVIq5S14wvOYZn3zkJ0/5S3MaNNSkx4peQ07ko15Xdp2pZt10qP9Rb00oF6dKLmqM+xpTXoumfikZxIz6cWxgRrWcB1sqHamzWEyNDH6hNd3QsDP9aKrDcQOhCMYn+gGys6HHRR3BErPQFo++s6cDkLfyQcnOYPPBjCY7Dz4Tl8jse4XDkRnwvOkZ0mPkgzZhVsJa6nOD8swwoQXsPy8ExV2FUUb025RIvJLs7KSBBXMe0+z0zl4RVqb0K7pJ0v10pZUPbzwgn4ydo++PnyN/uWpZfrSE4v11Wff0TdeXKf/eGGt/nXYan352Xf1T0+v1D8+tVJffOodff7Jd/TZx5fp4w/M0wd/M013/3qq7vnNVN39qyn6wK8mu8d7fu1nssdvJvPeyfrQbz3u/d0U3et7bnz491P1qYfm6otPMg9PL/exjO9cqi88uVifH7JQ//D4PB7n66vPL9N/vrZOPx67Vb+dtk+PLzqpl9aFa9K+VK0ILtaRy4ieEpdNXGz67jiknfgJQ0ruJJA9sswNE5V/Hbn15YTlXx9+4Xnv8/BOfATS/z+f9Hj/3yy8mxDj4y8IrwvhdZHyaHT5XUivi5TXhfS6nPDWw1onvW5SXjcprxvpdZPyukl53QivW4tgQVY3wuvWHJjt6wIyHUwiU2CyD/+lWjdyo+yMG2X3l4TX4fjLwjMCk+B7ld5A4U1OY56R3sQA6U1EdFbmTqbVTLnkMRWmWXcVpDczvV1zEN48hLcwE+lRS71DLWWHDNazg9nCst9Z0K19hd06THlxgvLi7E2kZ+WtXaVBkHCXpyUiOnu0v+11V/rayQ2/YPxisRMAxnWyC+yN7wnPk100QojyQ+nWDxvpoOJjg/YzqPS81wfM03XcKDo/XjeHwFTgdcWxPon2SEMj3UUiOzsGZYcDjHCDZWflrOtbaMvGumLwO2NrrA9ds0JLGxRhVyDwvxMk7Y1JTZp6LE9PvhOh77+5R596eIXu+uUc3f6zmfrw/Sv0+ae36XNDtuiTD2/Qpx7ZqE8/ulmffGSTPv7QRn30wY368AMbdN+f1utD8MH71+nuP67Vnb99V7f9aoXe97/LdMsvliro50sU9LNFPhZ6/Nzjll8s4n2LdOsvF/OZxbr910t8LNUdcOdvlukDv1/J9FfrvgfW6r4H1+reB1brg396V/f8cQXft5TnS/Xhh5brk0Pe1T8MXavPP7MaAa/Uvzy7St8asUH/O3a3nl5yVkvOFetEgXdIxI5DJraxvFh/4axPOwFmwgt1OxMTGcuedeHvZOzWh60Ltx4CpOdk5pecd/LD43rpee/vF54xuPD8MnsvILwuGlIXwvPYU9CF9LqQHo3MLz0nvG4aXjfSswPr3UivG+l1ay2ys4PtfumtgGU5PaS8HoTXo4Vg15LOBeuIa1c4zIBpYGWiX3qT/AwqPT9/SXYDhXe97AYKz7u0zS5x8+iXXr/wAqX33oQ3ha3Cn/ImppnwPOkZk/h78iXmzYfN2zSYznzNhFkmPYTnl96SLO/qlXdz20jT7dqc36Ed7Ij6pFfqSe+iL6U46UEcjdd/vWUyjdRPEtjrdl2mCc9OSphgXEniOwbjxOSkZoLzyc66VLjnbMiOQNmx162xs3weg4vPm25kH37h+emXnZ//q/BcHy5fI/M6qUKZPTIfCC8K4Vm3HoeJzoeVs37huSseTOgIL6y8SeeKanWmuFlHrrRpNWXhW3vS9F9v7dD7fzkVuSzQRx/doo8+vlMfeXyPPjZkvz7x5CF9fMhhXjuk+x45oA/9eZ/ueXCf7n5gn+6C9/9pn+68f69u/+Ne3fbHPY7b7+e1Bw/orj8f1AcePqS7HjqoO/98QHfw/tv/xP8f2KM7HtzLa3v53z7ew/Qe2a97Ht2vDz3Gdzx+UPc+cdjHEX3wsUO6+2GbHtPls7ffv0Pv++NW3fL7TbrlDxt0+4ObdPdjW/WRp3foE0N36N5H1yDdRbrt57P0/p9P1yfvn6dvklRfWBWuVSygE5To8ZZwTXhsC5Fg3WpMeCGlXbLLFU1Oti5iWX+xJj1bH25d2PLn0QkrUHie6MJ9DCq964TnyW6g9GL+ZuEVecLzS28P7CZNGJYqdlBSbYdtyM5JL68H6fVo4+UepNdDY+wh5fUgvR69i+jegeWwFNEtDhDePLuAHuwyroHCQxI+JvVxvej6eS+y6xdev+yc8JCKX3YDhdcvPU+IPuExXQ9k52C++0B2PjzhgRMe898nPZ/47ETGJebX8M2v6y4D05nPGczbDOZtJrKbnWGdkls0P7NFC7Na2HG0sExbSdN2tUt7n/SOIL2TpVd1Dum541BgDdmuxLBrLJMhlUacBvaYDEnghGflLKIx0YVXs4e2qzWQUySyc8JzYvNk5/UhMzzZOeHVsQGa7CDSkpCjX3zW5eF66fULzxgouBug4fSLjs8H0Ndx1YkuUHbgGgXQyBzIzoHwvKsQ+N0sIwfLyXCy8wnPntt3eydl7JK9Fp0pqtPRKw3awoIcdyhFP5+6V597ZoVu++1sZLRSH3xqt+5+EpE9YSCZJ5AVArrj0QO6DTm978E9ugXpBD2wF/YNwn4FIbpbHj6s9z16RLc+dlTve+wIzw/rlkcPKegR/veox/seO6hbmfZtfMftQ/gOA8HeCXc8edhxO7K9FdnewvcHIcagh/jeB3cp6E/bFXT/FtjE921WEMK746nt+sCz25nfjUhwNSJeqXtJgp95bI2+9fIO/XTMLk0/nqczLC+7zjqiUQph/YazQ7DL8awv4MXiToUhvagKT3bxrNt4tqtY1ksMYurb8ThpsQ4DhBduXYL6GEx6vD9AetcLz5Pd3yi8/Sa8Iq9c2utjD5jwdpn0rvQgvR53AH0bbAWT3qa8XqTXS8rr1brcXqTXS8rrJeX1kvJ6SXm9NNZeUl6vFoC7phRmwYzMXspaRIH0BhfejdIbeMH+9bIbKLzBZGcjszjh+RlEek52vNfDS2A3l95A4fWXtT7hwUQE58cJzzf/7ooMX2r0zgzb8UPmgbJ2RnqrZiC8WRnNyK9J8zKb2HE0I70WJ73NSG8n0tvPOjtKaXsa6V0oE6UFjRXpEULcNbcpNOY0uEQjNlIhCUyGfYMPsGG6fl1IKQwibENGdk54JrkGhOfDhBdbb8Jjw6vzZBdVa6Jr93G9+AZKb6DwwCe3CN9jP/zvJrIbKDwjUHie7GIMGpgD2Xkw3wgvBuG5q1UMlo116/E6cHuJzx3fs/KMeYhG+GFV7Tpd1KCD+Q1alVihJ949rc88NU/3Pb5QHx22UR976YA+8fpZ3ffKWd01/IRuG3pEQU8hsCeQDIkv6LHdCnoU2Txqj/Y3rz+GhB7nPY8jJMQVNASpIaqgp/js00cV9Aw862OonyO6ZZiBBOF9ww7pfc8ZSNAYhhAhaCg8y3Sfgaf5DpsXZBw0hO8mhQY9hvQe28b3buV/PA7drluf36E7h+3UPUN362PPHdA/vHhUX3n5iH4w7qT+6al39MrWFAUjuuOl0oXaazpX2aqQ6g5X1oaS3IKLEF6JLXvrq9irxFq75I5thvUSa2Iq7whIeaxDJzNPbp7oWO6DSM+f8m4Qnu/SM7uUrx9k5iP2r4Dwul3juUF6BT1Irwfp9QRIrxfp9SK8XlJerzYhuw0mPFiL7FbDu/AOslsOSxHdYlgI8xGdXUw/G2b2CQ9JgF94N4rvetH5uV52nvAGK2P9srtBeMjFMMlMH/D6/zfC47eY9GBSgPj6pe39PpN8/1lfEx/TR7ZTmZepCG9qejM0Mu0G5NeguZmNLMcmJ711SM+6Cdkhh4Oss+NI70zpNQUjvXCIRnwJiC8FLrExZUA6mPxsuClveCmvjLSOrCHVXa77RBiyCye9mfCiXKdVn/AafcJr8Amv3i88NuRav+wGl15geWudW68XnsnOT5/s/o/Ci0F4TnY0CpNdrFHWAfZI40N4sQgt1rdT6BvNhWRnwrPuFqFlV3WxxC6Y57utqwcN5ERhg46UtGtLbpt+NnOXPjpktj709DJ96vV9uu+1I3r/qOO645VTuv2V07rNGHVS73vpuG4ZiaheRGTDkdBwpPYiQhtxlNeP8/+TuvXlU7z/jG5/9azueO283v/GBd31ZrA+MPqi7h4TonveDtEHx4bqg+NgPM+NcRchGM7rnrHn4KzufvuMPjDmtN4/+rTufIv5eJPpvsH0X2c+XjuhW149oaBRxxT0MvPzEvPzEvMyCl49pFvfOKw73zys9796WB8YeVj3vXhMn0Tcn3n+oL48Yp++8NRqPTD/nA6zXR0uls6y3ZwsbdAFpBdm2w2lbHChCY91UGHJ7qqSWG6JtfbcJzzWgddt5HrhebKzwzGGX3r9wvOk5wnPPsd25xhceIPJbTD6hDdQetYd4ubC23qd8Czl/V+EN82El2EMFF4fThI3cqPsrET8W4TnyW4gf6vw+qUXKDxPep74JgVwveyc8HylvQnPu9Sujfe18P5mRNkI9ZTJdUivnqTXSGJuYvm2uAEctl7pcIcfDhX16EQxpW0JpS174UiIYwNNQnxpkG7ig1Q2qmQw4Vk3lD7hISQj1C88ZDeY8OJuKrw2HzdKz47v+aXnCW+g9AbKzvCE513HatxMdIbJzsOOFzkQXqzhE16cgfDiSG1xCC+u/FrfIAx2rNNO8DjhsUwieN36mp0v6lAoDcwu9bpQ3u76rZ2ouqYDvOdbY9fpY0MX6t4XVuuzE0/q7jcRyQiE9soJ3Tr6vO5ASHdNCNX7J1zUnUjpDmR0+5iTcEp3jD2j9/PaXROQ2kSENjlMH5wSoXunReq+6dH68MwYfXR2rD42J04fn5egv1uQqE8uTNKnFsHiRB4T9MlF8bwWy/9i9IkFUfr4/Ah9bF64PjonTB+eHap7ZyHHGUx7eojunnZRH4C7pjIvU4J1+6QLum3ied068Zxum3ROd049pw9MR5zwgXHM26v8nhEn9aFhJ/QhEuFHHtukf3p+m34weq+25iC8EhvY4qqOFdfpXEWzu7rDjt8FU22EF9uy76V6uKpkhJdUa89Z5rbzKWv3hOcS2l8Snic9f7eXPuFZWeu4ufAGE9vNCDpASXvALz1k5095e3zH8XZdsbLWjuVdX9J6x/HWw9pc7zjeKliZ00NJ26Nl2f0nLhb4juHNpXH7T1y4Med8Dd8Jz0lhcMH1c6PoPNm9N+HdXHqBr//tCe/m0utPfJOd2A37zXzG4V8O/A6EN5nvn0TCm4jwJiK8CQjPpDcV4c3ObGA5NmlZTrNWXW7Vhrx2bTPpkfQOsXM6UdSrc4gvhA0zEuIQXxLiS0V6hg0g6sbTA+twbIJxJS0SMuy4TISlOytpTXh2/A7RxftkF4fsYpFdDLJ7r8Lzpzwrb/uFFyg9NuqA43letxSf8MCdNb4Zftn5iKVRGHE0LAeyi3d0QTfwW0x2YMvAxpa7XngXS3p0vtDGg6OB1V0j4XWwM2nWcRrgHpbh195apfueXagPPLdafzf+hO4afQrZnVTQG+d1C2ns1gnhun2iEarbkN5t45HMuHO6ffw53THhgu6ceFHvnxyqu6aE6+6pkcgmCkHF6EMzY5EVILz7EN6H58K8eH1kvsdH58fxGAsx+si8KP4XyXsidN/cMN6P6JDdB+EehHf3zFB9YGYYhDvumhGuO6czT9PCdOuUEL1v8kXdigRvmxasO2cE8/8Lev/487rzNdLiyPO69/nz+tCTB3XfY1v0pee363tv7dHmbOkQ29LZOittSXhVrZS0bDck54t+4ZX3sDPtdbJLYt0msFOKMzG5dMc2Y8JDYNGILCpAeNdzo/D80vMLj23QCc+TXmwfgwvueoIOkhIO+NgP7uQFjch/ttZ/ptbfNWVLX9eUm5+lXZ7t65qS1a1F4LqmZHbLDZVECWcjlbhrVhGINxKJh19qDjvmFQivvTfZ/XXpDRRfIANl503H+473KrxA6V2P/6qMQNn5hWeXvwUKb0J6EzTwnJRHWTsD4c3NamQH0qzlpLzVTnptrBekd6VTh9g5HUd8Z4ooxYrZaJBeDNKz8fQcNFhr8FbOmfDs0i0nPYRjo/0OPGGBQCAO8cVDnD0n/cXW+YSH7IwbS9pA4fVLzxPeYCnPE15gP73Aqzq8seMAwQ2E/wViwoM4Ex7E07iMBEc30AArrrrf72SH4JzwYGDC69GFonZ3hUZ0/TV3XPN0WauOkl62FvYivDW699lFuv3Zd3XvW0d05+izCqL8DBoboaDxUQoaFwnhEAahuoXE9z5K0FvHI5gJISSsMJIWApocqfdPiSJ9RZPCYnxE665pvOaI9BGh908LhzCeI0pHCJDcENZd0yiDHcG8B5nyvzt5jwnu/dP57Iwoxx2I9dapEbqFVBk0KVRBSC+I1Pe+qRd0+9Tzun0safS1C7r7pVB9+EUk+sxxfezJXfrHF3boB+P2a+tlEh7L53yjdKqyWRdZ95aArW9jCI6IICzFlLGtIKdE1o+lu3gSoBOepTzWgztr2yc874qNvq5BPrzuQvY/v/DsvZ7w+o7TXi+8qutBbH4GE94havCDcAD2wz6MvResT94uGpJ1QN7u73ycN/jVFu8GXm2R7V1tsSTLu9piYWan5sNcGvQcmAUzEYmdnbQRRaYGdNUwbhCdD3dR/vUMJjzfNK2f2+AgPD9+0bm/A9/jnwbT7uNmwrvax9Q+BoovUIbeZxBdHzZN7zf0C68F2Zn0SHnIbjJMo6SdhfDmU9YuJuWtyGlhJ4P0LlPekvZ2s34OsGM6hvhO0zgvIL6wYinKJ74YhBfDRmtEs1HZUEzuyga75AtcVxTwj8prfdH6QSS1lIoQU8uGFiC8qPckPE96gWdtPW4mun5iB8H9L0B4dnYwzoQH8ZBA4zASHTRCGk4Cv9kNoGqY8MAJD0x4kSwfE16wDZbK5+xKFTueeZ5GdZSGbTv5fx+zTh8fvlK3PbtKd75yQLe9dQ6ZRStoQhzCi0V8PH8b+ZkAEd8t48P1PlLfraS+2yZGUEpG6vbJCGhKNGVmjN4/NRbpxfIYw9+8jghNiCbGWxHk+0iJt5ASbyGBvc+YwPc5zvIej9snwWSENTmY6YbojqlhSA/ZUSa/fwbTnhmH8GIRHvPG9IOYl37pXSDxXdCtb5NEX6UEfonUOJz0+OxpffzpvfrnEXv0o0mHtb1AOsIyCm4h5bHOwxoQXD3Lx66zpRp0witlG7EkjZD8xEGsE5TBjooEaJ3dbeQVv/CuJ7JPeLzvpsKDKrZDx2DSuzkIr4OSqAPpdehAQYf2g7vMjHLJXWJGgvAuL+vQ5r7rab0RU1bntiM7b7SUFTZiSnY7smtHdu2kuw53UfwCmEe5Nhdmk55mgRsfDqzj7VTrjHsDyC8Q5HMz+uV0I4GdfN87gdPol53HYOmuX3iBBEquX3S9faKb0Qdp1ye8KQhvMiX2xAykl4H0Mkh5mU2ahOymwgyEN5uydj7YSYzliO9dO5GB+LYgvp2sm/3soI4gvVOkvfNIL4S0F1ZK4iPlWaO2QUX93TL8o61YvzzvPgoG8nDYkEhIBEF5sPEirhiHJ7xA6fUTKDyoRnYQeAIjUHhOcjbSCviHmrKBNv3E+XB/M38DQNgezC/E06CsrEpAeomQZDjhXYWBwosLFJ41NJaLXSB/sZjfZOIkzdg9Ly5WsxNBeBtyO/SNcRv196+s121D1+iWF/foljfseFgCEklCcEjv7RgFjUYqYyzpReqWCVFIKQopRSOlGKQEU2J159Q4UlkcqS4eeG7SQ4JOeAjp1gleOgwae4FpngOS5NgzlM0w7gyp8QyiPUNqPMP7z+qOSX7hke5Icia7u5DdB2Ym6K6ZiZSuCQgPITMfQROQMUINorwOQnZBfPaWMUhvFKlxRCTCi0Z4Z/WJZ/brX17ep59MPaKd7DiPkYRD2ux6XhJdE+uE5WPLLYLtLLIImZWwkyjzDiXYsTtLd054lLauiwrL1C88t7O1ZW6fD8D+9oTnSa9feJYM+6XnjZjsF56NMj243AYj6DByMw7BgYJ2hNeuvVdIDLALduS3I7w20p1vxGMalnWPWJ3rdYq1PmIrYFl2G7LzOswuBus8uyCjTfOtMy2N2K4kmO27jMpGCnFjxNklVm74JI8pfVwvQAMhBMhvoJgGEihEv/Tem/wCP9+fJAOF5wgQ2GCy6ydQdH58omM6M5imYcLzSugO0hwpj2U2MbMV2SG9rGZNQnCTwVLeDJgNVt4uhCXwDmXuWsS3iTJ3B2lvL2nvMGnvBBvj2SLSXgniQ3phZYjPpMeGZd0y/AMP+G8UE4/47ExbvMmD0sTOtNkAl274ckeA8Iw+6QF/30C1H4TH5wOF5w1CYLIjpSGz62XnF90NDCo8Xg8QXqKPpD6uEx6Y8Oz3u64p1tAQXlhpD9LrcKkx0UYSsYvxSbgnKGk3Us18a/xmffbVjQhvrYIQXtCb53XbZGQ3ySe8MZS1b5GgxljCQ3gTER1J7k4TmoltejwiitfdSOiDsxJ175wk3efj3jn8PTteH5oVx/9idM/MaN09IxIiIBzCdA98cEaoPjgzVB+aGeK4157PCoMIPhepe2ZFQyzwPbMT9AG+5wbhIdSgicFOdkEIM2g06XEUpfKIaIQXq/uePquPPrlXXxqxSz+cfEDbSHjH66SLCO8s6zrcTmQhPOvzGVWMwIpJ2ewsYkvZRuzMeHmHJz237SA8tiXbKfmv23bCs8/acr8Bk6HRLzyvFPYJz8lzMOm9N/EFHUFwxmE4aMK70qZ9sAd2IrrtsDW/lXTXivBatY5GteaylVMtWglWWi2DpdktNL4WytgWZNdCsmtBdi3IrkVzKdPsxjV2Lwcb3txGCZluwyQZNmRSio0V5xszzhEgP5/wLAl6DJTbYAwUHjhZetMZHP97AkF2fpCS0Se8S4Gp7XrJeUzvwxPdDD98fmYf3dDFa14HZBPeFIQ3ORPpscOYmEXSY3lO9EuPtGdJb3pmg2ZS5s62s7ewmL9X8P/VJL6NpL1tSG8PifyglbiUHKfYIM8hvYsmPYRnjduEF3hVht39yuOqk4aVhvFsYF5Z4t+gIFB6PuENKr0+2RkmPL/02GgdnvC8S9gGkV0d8g0grtbHXxIe+IXnl12ye0R4NLIbhAe2HEx4lnxtJOGwUhoq359C+ZYEkfVXdZrP2lVG356wxQnv9mHrdMvIvbrlLZLR5ERPeGMRylvI5A1kMtqO4UVQLlK6Uk7eNRP5zErQPbMT9SET3LxkfXRhqj6xOE2fXHJJn1qark8vu+Sx/JL+fnmaj1THZ5an6DMrknlM0meXJ0ICxOuzy+L0Gfj00jh9cnG8PrEoXh9bkKCPzE/gO/iuuYl8ZwKlbZxuo2wOoqQOmoCQKZWDJvhkN+E0833OJ7wYhId0nzqjex/fqc89t0XfHbtTW64gPErY4FbpVFWrQusoXRGeHQeNLTFY/uwsTHgxpe2KMek54VllYFWCd9jB1pMdP7bqwnBXvAxKv/DsmJ9/qHr/Gfp+4Q2U3nsh6CiSO1rQhvDaSHltOuCE14rwWrUL0W2HrXmkB9gA6y43azW8m9usFbAsp0lLwbpMLKLRLcxsdizIaNb89GaE16y5l5o1J61Zs2FmarNmGGxRNty5jQBs2OCY/fSLrw/ENABEdjP6Jfd/JUB2DoRnICnDLzxPejcTnUef6GAmn/PLbhay87Ah4D3h2dUdrntKJkkvC+mRmCc6fNJDeJMzGqGB767n++o0E+byfCHSW07aW0XaW8+OaCspfBfSO1DQqaNI76RJrxTpWcoz4bFh2QZrnZHtqgzDnpsYrARMYAOLq2DvXIHw2HgDpRfTJz07geEH8b0H4Xmy84TnTkg44dEY/oLsHH7hgb8EHyg8S6aerJ3waGDJBrIzktzv8skOvJM3XsNzwoOI8l5K/y4l8H0UIW6cu5jGazpXK20v7NV/Ttqqz722SXc8v17ve3m/bhltx8AQ3kTK2rdJT28iutdJTqNDFDSe0pQy9a6ZcbpnToLuRT4fnm+iS9EnlqQhtnR99p1MfWFVtv5xTY7+aV2uvrzhsv5lY56+uilf/7olX/+29Yq+ZmzL179vy9O/b70MOfralmx9bXOW/m1Thr66IV1fXndJX1qdps+v9OT4ySXJ+vjCJL7PBEtZS3l7mx3Dm+RLd+OZxwk+2Y0/hfDO6paXKWlHesL74JOndc8j2/TJp9bqa6+uc2eoD7NtnCPxHi9vUkhtlxOeu1SxDEoNS3ms35IA4VmFgOz6dlKsH2/sxYHL/UY84Xmy8wmPHXC/8AKkxzbl4dsu/wpBx5HcMfBL72BBKymvlbIW4V1poaSl8cDmvGaE1+wTnvUHa0J41k3CE54dU/KE10S6ayLdNSE7uGT3YW1Cdk2aldqE8JqQndGs6cnNmtYH0jMCpXe9+NwoI+9BejcI7L1yvegCZOcIEF5fyhtcdjN8zHQgOpjFZ2Y52fmExzRn8R0u5SE8N3hBJvOP8KZkIb1sk147wvMlPZbrRIQ30c7eXqrTpEu1zFMtCbFWcxCfSW8Z0nuXpLcO6dlhiJ35dpiiU0eKSHrWz8yX8mzDsmNZgcKzjsmeGBCH9Zw34ZX7hBcgPbfx+IRnJzH6pIfo+qQ3iPCinfA86fnPwPpPkvTLDnH5JGfisUEP3MAHRl/K80mv2k+A8CDJRzKkuMdr/C6TOdPgdw8mPFfWIjy7IiCJNJPeLic9GyHF7t27s/iavjd5mz73+ibd+cIG3TrqgBPeLZPjER68TTn7JjJ5/QLCswQVrtumUV7OjtO980hdCOjji5HR0jR95p10RJflJPdVBPc1ItTXtxfqW7uK9Z97SvW9/eX6r4MV+u9DlfrhkSqo1I+OVOhHh8v1w0Ol+uHBYv3PgUL9YN8VfX93nr69I1f/gQS/uiFT/7Q6Xf/wDkJdmoL0EnXfXCuhY3THtCjkbOkOGU9gHiecgZMI7wTCO6NbRl3U+xHevQjvHoT3gYe36qOPrdQ/Pr9MRxqk/ewoz/B4tKRBIaxLG4XHLlV0d9RzPQFYLyS8PuFRGcRRyrp1ajjh2aAVnvD8yXpw7BJAE55Pek52Hn13PkOm/bJ77+ILOlHUruNwrBDpwWE4iPj2Ib49sBPxbUd8Jr1NYNJbC5byVkKf9OzsYaD0EN58Ex7MNekFCM9uRj0juQnhNQUIr9kT3vXSCyhzb5r2kNVfY5qj668yNfV6KGURk4dX0k5z+EtaK1kHSq5fdFc1y4HoYLbBZ/ux+9X6Ul66jRXoSW8q0nPCAye8LDum16IJJGd3IsMJr95Jb3JaHfNiSa9ec0l+i/qk1+SkZ4ci/NI7ivROI71gX8qzks7K2D7hgScGK/8oEf0pz5W1wB7VjuW5jef6hGfPB5NdlUc0n3HCs8/7hBfrE94NokM4hhvpxffc4Rcf2KgvftzoMJAINkiCDZaQAqk+UmiY7reB/z6ufeWs4WtoUeU9PuFdUwbCu+QTXjDft8uENwXhvWHCW69bX9mvoDGUhU54cZS0dvwO4b1pJxoQnvXHs3521qeOMvPji5P0qWWppLpL+uKqTFIZSW1Tnr6x7Yq+s7NI399Tov/eX6YfHarQT5Hcz49V639P1OpXp2r1a0cNVOvXJyv1qxPl+uWxMv3vkWL97FChfmji25mnb5L+/m1Dlv4Z6X3epGdJj+++d04cKS+alEfCszO0k+z4HQlvEuluItKz7jWvXNQdI6N0z/BY3fPMGX3oiZ366OMr9fmhi3WY33+AHeU51sHx4gaFsg7tfhe2rO32oU56EF+GkOzKlnLbOZLuAoTnpXLfDsq37Psu8wugX3h+6ZnwPOn5+1z23/ryZtK7OUGnijsod9p1Ao7BUeR3GA4Uefer3QO7EN922Ir8NsEGxLeO8nY1vHu5Re9Q2toZw2WUU0tgcYD0AoXXl/JcwjPhBcouQHjJfyHl/RXxeWLrZzoS8zPjPTAdyfmZ1kc30/LTo+nIymPg8Tm/5PpFdxXJGb0ksAD4bD92G0ekh/BMev4hqlzKyww4nuc7c+s6JbNMJ6bblRgNmgxT7RI0mI3w5iO8RZmNTnor2QGtZd1sZj3ZCSjrenS8uFtnbcjucisbvMZv0jMZuJLWgXQoA+0kgNfdwzvTZjeedicvSGkxDr/ofLIbRHROdn3Cs72sfY7pOKxBeMJz93pFNIGiS6RROQJe88vPjfXnk59/KKwkSOb1VEgD9gkO9glOgC6R8Pv8Z2n7Gp7BsvCE1+kJD9mZ8OzO/E54RVdJeJS0b2zUHQjvfX7hTUF2k6xbCsJ7m5J2DLIbR4oiTd0xM0ofmhenj9pVEkuT9NkVqfriu5Sga7P07xtz9e2t+YiqUP+zp1g/QXY/R3a/PFqp35yo1u+Q3B/O1On+s3X607k6PUBd/cDZGqjWA2cq9adTFfrjyTL97liJfon0foL0foD0vr0Fka5HqKuQHt/3aUT70fmUqbNjXJ+8W6eG65YpzOMUm3dS3mTKWjsT/NpF3fZShO4ajqSfO6uPDt2njz+5Wv/wzCIdYNkcLLnmku6p4kZFsC3YIKluBB4TnsF7rK+j7SBdf0i2G/8OzR2ucGVtv/AcfCaQfvHZNc+GneDwhOcNUOsX3vXSe+/iCzpT2qHTcApOwPGSDmJrhw4jv4OwD/ntgV2IbwdsI/1tvtKmjYhvfX6r1pAgrOe//wTG8uwWLc1CenYsL8M7lucdx/OnPN9xvJuVtNcnvAEpz4ZIDzih4Rdfqie8aQ6TnJ9+kc10+MtIj9k+Al+bidyMGYjOz3T+ns7/PPxnWI1A2fnKVh+e6K4iOMMT3dwB9PQxB+GZ9FzKs2N5dgLDjuXZCQzfWdtJJrx0E54nPXf5GeKbDHbd7XSwExlz+qTXwHpo0DvZDUivifK2xZ15P1TUqZPWwbbsqhthxRr7gDvaIwUP0hYbaX9XFeTkUpknKxOeV556wrtRdu19OOGBV1Z4wrRp+O/O793Y2u76RcOxhjQIffLz4b+rluH/TAqkQhpcaqQsNew50001GVoisd8I/i4prmuOEx47gPJu6HDXgzrhtfK+hqu6wOd2FvXqu37hDV+nW17Zh9wQhQnPmBjtjttZh2Pr9nGL9YWbHaX7FsTqE4sT9PfLk/SFlan68pp0fW1DNmK6rB/suKKf7CnSLw6U6teUq787Vqk/nqjSA6dr9OeztXr4fL0evVCvx4Lr9TjWfcK4UKMnzlfr8XNVevRshR4+Vab7j5foN0jvZ3uR3o7L+vbmHP37OpPeJX1+eYq7NO0j8+Mor6N154xI3TYjTO+bfhHO65appLvxyO9N/h4VpjteDNe9I87rkyOP6O+eWavPPrVAVNhsN95N288VNbFOu5XMcjXhWWduOxnUVxkgJjvDbyeRXJ9J1q8NueUdwzPhsdx5r+sWxOf8hxcC6ZMeO90Bo3H3yS5Aem5bDASx/QWCzrJHM87AaeLoSTheSvmD/A4jvoOwnxS4F3YXdWhnYbu2w9aCdtJeO2mvnbTXRolr3VRaXTcVk547Yxtw8uKGExfvVXgDZBdIoPA86U0Dv+xmgCe5LkRm9AtuTgBzA567/yO3WQ4+68MTn0kQeI+jT3r+M66BsutPc4GSm3c9GfboSc+f8tyxPCc9hHcJ4REzjEnpRmsfk2EKEpxC6pvKMp5Gmp6R4UnPzt7OhQUZdVqSWUfSa9B6pLeNHZTdsOlocZfOlPYohJRnXQGs0Q/oomIbch923MwrS0xOsbW21/Y2Lic8JOYdowuUXb/won3Csw6iJjyve0sX32XC62b6PdCL8K464V0vukCc7JDY9dhNd5LBu8tYv+xYJGKROOlZ4vOnPBNe35UW0C+8LkWVtSO8XncDn0stvKe+VxeQ/86iHoS3BeFt0O0mvFcRnvWPs+4eUylrJ/vOgk4i5U0J162I5QNzovSRhTGku3h9bkWS/mlVqv5tXQZCytYPtufpp3sK9OsDxfrD4TI9cKxCD51EYqer9QRp7kni1NOI7pmQBg0NbdCw0Ho956jTc5jnuYvVGhpcpafPV+jx02V68FixfnuwUD/fk6//3p6r72zK1tfWZuif303T55Yl6++Q7n3zY3U38/T+2ZTbs0J126xg5Hde75tEGW7J9FVeGxmi+165oM++dkKfGrZBnxmC8Eqlw4VX3U3ag4uaEVaP27mY8ExYdpjAlqtL0CyrBOQW71Kdyc6PJzxb5o7rpHej/AYRHhIdIDx2mDcK7y8TdL6yS4bd0ONsRZdOwylW/Ak4hvyOIL9DcKCkU/thb3En4utEfJ3aBlsKOkh7HUiv3UlvJdJbTtJbQsqzs7Xz2OrmkkJmsxXOSqNBskVOZ8uczhY6jS11qo0g62NKUrOmXC89n+wGSA8RBmLCmwbTTXjgl52JbrZjoOCMeX6QmDHX0aU5Kbzfx6yUTsfMPvzy88HnDUuO3plX79jcHOTnl908Ep4j46rmD6C3j3kZ/pSHYO0ExiUrxy21Irw0hGf4xGcdkw1Lf1Mpd6dS7k7NbEV4nvSm07qnp9cxjVrmp4Z5qEZ6tXoX6W283OSOyR5kx3WytFsXKEFsxF//aMluiHODNOTKRSThDQ3Phgp2f1MrUfz3ODXh9Z+BRXLgT3N9qS4A69Li4ZOeA+mx4SYwXU96vqR3HX3H8WhofuzAuWHPTYiWOvpSnl98PO9LeNYg+a19wrPfbPA81sontvlohJfM72M/okvN/O560jCNdVdht743ZYv+4c0NpCAT3l4FjUV40xDedBKedfuYSllLyRg0nXJ2VoTumRepjy6M0qeXxeqLKxP11TUp+ubGDP3Xthz9bHe+fnugSA8eKdWjJyo05HSVnjlXo2HEyedD6vViWINGhjfqpcgmjYpq0qvwWjRENUKDXous1ysRtXoJCz0fXKmnzpTpYaT3+4MF+sXuPP033/HtjZn6tzVp+sd3kvX3SxP0sUWx+tD8aN01N0J3zgnV7XMoY2ddoMRFeGMR3hsXKdUv6r7XL+hzb57Up59DeE/Mp/1LR65cdYOlhha2uGO7dtjAhGdycmf7eZ5sy9hed9sP2wvrtK/7UfVA4dlhBYd93scA6ZEWjQHSc8ILkJ4T3t8mvqBgNjjjAjH1PJyl/j4Dp6jFT8JxYv7Rsm4dgUM0kgMl3YivG/F1I74uytwu0l6nNuZ3aC3Ss87IJjwbw83O1s5lF2uym0mdMYMtcTpb5DS2zKlsoVPZZU9ha52S0Kgp7KqnJAZIzyc8u4H1DdILlJ0Pv/BmwEyE55edHSOba/gFB/MNBOfRpfmIbB7MdXRqTnKnZvuYlcz0fMxwkB55jzHdHlMNf5JEWk54pDak5xeeX3ILAsn04YRn7/WlPBOepVR+h4m8L9EiPbsfhqW+qaQ/d4+OTMSYZY+8Rgudwo5lCq3bztxOSavm85Wk3UrmoUrLsmq1JrfBnXyyW3MeK2Unh/BC2ejsLlXubmZsqIbdBMiJDlk4eB6LiJzwSD+BN3XuF553jM47TtdPv+TA163levrFh/RIBgmkSj99SdM1Ig//fTv8Ny3yCzrwOF4K+I/l+ctZd9LCGpvBbzbhOfjb7trmDRraxnu7nfDS7IqCOtoGjcyE9/0pm/X5tzbozhFrdevrCG/cGQXNQHQzEd4MxDeDstZKRmR315wI3Ts/XJ9YFKHPLo8macXrP9an6Htb0vWTnTn67b58/flIsYacKNfQM5V6gVJ1ZEidRiG61yIb9WZ0s0bHtujtuFaNi2/V+IRWTXS0QLMmxjdpfFyj3o6p1+vhNXoR6T1D0nv4WJF+f+CKfr4rVz/YkqVvrr+kr6xK0edXJOqTS+L04YXRumcB8zc/VHfMu4j0LlDaBlOGAynv1jeCdd9b5/XZ0Sf06ec36HNDFhJ6pONX7CSCFHGlRYkVPW659gmPZeiWue1s2MnYjsd2Tnbszl1R4wRFdeATnlv+bHeWDK0cDuwfGXh8dYDw+mTnw6XG66UXiL/700CCQvjnRR/BzNgFOEdkPQunMfkpftwJOF7eQ+LrQXw9Okw5dLCkh1K3R3uI+jvYGLZc6dR6pGcpbwUpz05e2Ogedkxp1iVkxxKazhY4jSUzNYlGyW57CktlCjFiCrtpJz6TnqU9n/Dc3foNGrv/uZNen+h8UuT59JR2xNNOguxAPMjKZAcmuxtFh+R8onMkIzxEZsyFOUkdmu1jFsxMYto+pvtJJlUiwOmGT4BW/nqlswmvB9GQ4HzCCxTdwgDs7/kmPTuWZ2dsmeeZSNQJj980Jdknd36bOzFj6c/O5mZ2aXoWCTOry0lvKjWYHc+z0VUmptZoQkqVJiRXaFJKOcu+QgszqvVOdr025JHyCtt0qMSSfK+7KY2VKoQF7961bKh2e0e701ksG6/DnttrSC8G6Xn3oPUJD2EZ0YZPcjeIzo8TnHVZ8Ogf3sde96TnzuyxQXtYKvCSgeGOt0HfoJ0+XEIFS2rWmOwYpJVXlujcSM+85p2IQaAO3sfrfpk66VmjChRes6VEK+G7CAMmvC4nvC8gvLtGrtNtb+zVLRPO6H0zEd5sStrZsXrfnBgEEkWCitQH50dQzobrU4vD9YUVUfrq6ngSV7J+uD1Dv96TowcPXdGTx0v0/JkKvXShWq9Rqr4V0aC3SXHjY5s1CclNSWSbZzubwXYwi+1hNtvAHEcbtLIzbtF0QsIEpPcG0htxoUJPnyrRw0cK9Lt9l/WzHdn6/qZ0/cfaFISbqM+uiNPHl0brvsWRumdRmO5aEKI751PWUtreMtX65iG8ty/oPkr1z759XJ8ZvklfenaZdudI54pZVggpKr9ZSTjgku1cWG7uGDDL0CSX1mSpGPHxaKnbOpP7h/uyG0QFCs/JDuxkhzvhYdi0wF/ueinPL7wA6fWVyX58kmNH7OC5lyxvJCiUjddPCB++CMFM9DycY0Wfrewl8fVS6vaS+HopdXt1vOyqjpZeRXxXEV+v9jrpdfmk165VTnq+lJfV6FLeHKQ3i5Q3k5Q3A+lNR3rTkd40B6kP2U1DdnZczzok25UYdgnaDFKNYbc0dPjEZ5KzqzQ8BhMe4jLhIaDrS9gbZecJz8kOZicZftmR6hye6KYFMNVAeE58Lu15x/xMev6U5x2rC0h5TnLXkJ2HJzwre72ztyZqJ7wUm65N38TOI7/LnXm2TsoZiM6G2cqC7B7E1+XKWxtLbyLLeXxqrcYhvLEIb3xyGZ+toGSu0tKsOnZIjaynVndM1pL7GUo52hvr3i6jksLZkKmW3I1bopGdEWM44UGf8GxDRnqIql92XqnaV65S8sYb7m/red8vvL5ht8t9jxU+8bnuL93Q44MNGtw1mMxrlB1rAzv26K7BrPCuHLHXrCuDHfuJ433x0HeZGduv183Ge/1mwvMnvCTmOb3Ju02jnYk+z3yY8P4L4X1x9AZ94KV1uuOtvbrNLtyfE6vb5yXo9vnxev+CeN2zMFb3LorWRxdHkagi9LllEfryu9H6xroEEleqfrErU388cFmPHy3Qc6dL9fKFSr0ZWqO3I+oRFzv8OLb/RJOZSa1d8y51aEF6pxaxk1sMSxwdWpLerkWX2tiWWzSDCml8dJ1eJ64PP1emJ08U6c8I9Td7cvXj7Zn6z02X9LV1KfrSaqS3Mk6fXBGjjy2L0oeXkkIXh+kDlvZmUeJO43ESJe0EhDf2mD43crO+MnyVNtIm7LaWdmIiOq9ZyVR6l1hudoWOpT47DGLHUE126a2kPB7teKslvEi2EZOeJzyWvcnOh/WLDMQvvP6U5wnP2+n5pFdjBMiObXEgnvRuvKWoR1A4bzLsJsJhTCAUQpi5ixDMxmJ7t/NsLOfYUM5SAp2GU+VXdQLpHUd4R0t7SQu9OkDa21vU7aL/9gJPflbmrsuzWw4iwZx2rcxGhLAsq01LMltZia1ayBJaAPNhnqON8s7Drr+dw4qdTRnnvw53JtIzZiC9gfQLz8PK2v7S1n/CwjueR5oyUvuZ7WMW9J2pTelGPB6ua4oPfx+9KT78/fWs24qdyZ3BtPuvqLC+d/5jeleRv+94nonOCe9av/CsrCXlWXlspbJJdJqJzx7tb3udsndGBtPO7HXD5c/K7iXl8d3WYTnDju/ZWHoNmsAueHwaSS+tijK3WrMyarQQ4a3IadDay03aQmm72y4nLLITVN06SYI3+Z1nL3yRDTgUudk9DKLYW/eJL0B63tk3Ni42aOuu4qUzK0u7SVhGjxLZwBzub5/4kF6cpTqf7KLL2/qwsdNcD/1KpoNkbKhwO1tsfewMd8yNhuJONATgXnONxNKbSc0EZ4MG9CiZ6bgrLmgs1hnZutu4stYnPGusbnps51FlHYosbXXzamklxe7Qz3Pb8e/0lbRfcMJbqzsR3p1TzukDCxJ09+IUfXBJiu5blqKPr0jWp95J0udWJugfV8Xrq2vi9c0Nifqvran6GbL73f5cEtgVPX2y2Mnp1YtVGk06G0+0nkycnka5OjOpVXPYic8j0ftlZ6JbyjpeiuyWZrRrKW1j8SXaDnaZRViYFFuv0RE1evlipYadLdPjJ4r1wOEC/Xpfnn5Ceftf27P1rc2Z+tqGdH1lXZq+bKlvdZL+kfm0y9M+jqjvmxutD82M0MenXtDnJpDwXt6kfx6+UmuT2twd8kxIUVQISaVdnvBYbiY8W5ZWzprw3KEAHu2Yqitp2SYMS2ZOeLz3LwlvQMrzJXu/8BxOeD6c4P42giLYqAIJZ8aMMAhl4wiBizSEYLCD3OdJeWdJeWfgVBmpD+wOWieQnwnwWIlxzd04+ggcggNF15ChHfi9qu2wpaBXG2HdlR6tudKtVfndWpnXpRWXO7XM3cy7w422sojUspCV6wYhYAU7GSI9u3G1CXA2yW8WzDR8wrNjeP6TF4YTBUJyOCH5upNcuuqYmX4NiXhM9zHNhxvqifd4Qz5d0xQjw/fIa5P76NVkpjnF0SO7IsN1UgbXb899pwnQO4trXVX84pvH9OzR/jYpmhzt5IedCLETIl4fQp4jQjcNpDiLEngWwpxtZF1FfEwf6U3PQnpZlMHsTCZn2qVojTza0FIk68x6zctq0CJYDnYSY112ozbnNmlHXos7e2tlro0MYteOnmeDDmGjDUd0kX7p+YTnHTcjSbFBu+NuDhObhxsEEpLrfNjfSC8R4cVfJ7wYk11Zq6IQjaUrk55dv5tAKkiqveaOxVljskc7PtfXbYb581+F4Z67hmTXzDIvFQiWtJaEPFNIi2nMXxrzmkojSQLvTKLXUO2khbtHL5KNKGtXeEmrE7eVZUmNJEl+zxnawPaCbn3XJ7y7Ed5do/fp7ukXSEkp+ug7Gfr4ygx9enWmPr82U/+0PkNf3Zihb1BOfndrun64I1O/oIz9/YE8/ZlkNwTZDTtTqpGUoK+RykxU46MRXpxPeJSqVrbOY0e/IL2DNkB7cLRrsRMdpLVoIbKbl9ykmcQpE96YqFq9asfzkOgz5yr02OkyPXC8VL8/UqxfHSjSz/YW6ke7rjA/+frhtjz9cEuu/ntTtr65NkNfXnlJn+W3/B0p9dOzw/T5KSf16VGb9IUXlmtVcitt3gTEtpDfiPA6dYnlZpKKtg7HvG7rJ51llmkne3i0Ete2D5NdtE941sXJCc8+a8Lzw3T8J5PczgjsuwYIj88OgGn7r8HuZ3DJBRLkjTLr4R95NpKNJpKVHAHuxrsQivBC2HMGI7wLcB7hnQOT3zkS3/ly7z6pIZQXdld8u8mx9fMyQtkLkNwpj6WTcBQOwh7Yyf+3lkmbkeQGpLi2oEerTYDIb0VOB2mwnTTICkZ6dqPqBaz0+aS+eT7mEvlng4nPlb5Ib5qVgHb8i3Q02dGpyQjP7hnrxIRwPHmJUtBjSpbH5AAm8brDnttr2R6T/PDaRIP3TERcE5muMYHvmIDkJpD6JsIkmGLJsE9+Jj5fPz0+5+H9bZgUrU+fJ2be7/vb9fOz9/mYg/AMGzbf0t7MbKSYgyDZaUzPRfYk62m5lPs5Lfyv2RtlJaNe80l/C0l/S1JrtILH1Rl12piD+PJbtY/Ed8R2Zmxw55FJKKKLYAOODBCencSwkwR2UiGRjS8RoRhJJikDSSQ7/LJDhGz0CZS/8ZStcVa+IrxYJzxSHqLzC89es/fY++3zKWzIyWDTt+Tn3SOBshepxVSQMHm05/57WMSVMo2SFsUVNyuxtEUpfM8lRJtOKr0E3vSYbyRpidFkZ7eFtBtGh5W2KxThWWpN4jfbHfcjeP9pGuQ2tsv/nLJFnzfhvbxOd4/Zp3tnheiTK9P192tz9A/rc/WlTXn61y15+sb2fH13J1LZna9f7LWzsVd0/5FCPXy8WENOlepZEtjwC+Uujb0ehvAiazQupk6T4uxEnl2F1EK10cq2bdu6pTx2/AaiW5hGVYToFmDkedSRc5DdjIR6PluvsXYsL6pOL0fU6YXQWj1DVB9yvkaPnq3Rw6zQB49X64EjVXrwUKUeOlChR/aV6aHdJfrVtkJ9fwPzvjpbX1ieqs8viNIXZ5zWp17dqM8NX6IVfNdJ2rYdK424Uq9EljObjTv2Fm3X0vJoJ4asKxD7WU94to2w7Ex2ho2YYsJzid0+e7304KbC4zMe/bIL5Ebx3Zwgf0/mG2FmwY2Mi+zsxhrhEIbsQuAiG1uww/62OxARd9kwrLSwmbaDxe42gWxYdrra9sTWWMIhGM7CCTgM+3nPHj63g4W6lZS4qahH6690ac3lDr1LKWw3pV6O+Dz5sZeDRZnenm8+UX8uG4VJb6Z1PEZ4U5DdpOR2TYDxMC65Q+OQ3jikMw7hjCO1jUuXxiOq8QirDyQ2bjBy+J+RGwB/+/8/ls+OZVpjEdfbCOvttF69TWn8NqXw2yldfHeXxvPc5DeF16fx/37pXfPgs8asAGY6SKHgf817n4nSwyVDEx9Jb3YO08yFy5CPAEnQM0nQM/I6ESFlf1Yz8rSz5bWUTVWalVChuQnlWpRcpXeQ4Lps66vX5s7AH6m4ptOsvwtIzkmPRzuu54TnW5/uUi42xGQ2Qic3dpZGimGy8pFsEiRpJZLcTGbxCM+Tnj/peSkvGunFIL04pJfA+5IQZDKNJdFEyXujkVFEYRM0K6KopR/7u6BRkQUNirxSp6j8GkVDbEGtEorqlVzWorQqa6RdSqXENgnb3bWsAbr781L6RiC8EGR5ke+wg+wJNFobAsmOa55k27Sq5D8nI7y3NuhDo9brvvGH9In5ESS6bH1p8xV9ZWuh/mNHsf4TgfzPvlL9/GCpfmv9646W6ZET5XriVIWePluhYecrNTy4Ui+FVOlVZPdGRDXJDOERmyfFm/AaER5lKsKbk+alvPmIbj7l63xS3XxLdSnsuKgZ5yTWsw7rNI29jwlvXGyDRsNrMY16OapRLxLNn2dvNSysWcMuNmvoeTjbrBdON2nEySa9fKxBIw/X6Yl9Vfr1jlJ9b3OBvrImS/9EifulOWf1qTc26u9fXKylqQ06TjCJZF2HF9QrgSTshMdrMSVsCzxaW89g+8hkuZn4LPFZVyP/lRAmPOvIbsJzsvODK5zseO5P3YY7rtonugDYWd2cwSUXSJC3l6S+RmYDwZ4GwnNnSnjuHTS2MarYI4J3D0mTop0+NiN7M22nq62Tp13S4y7rsR8P1ljY+SgELD2c4j3HwEZiOFBJ2UtS3FXao+00uC2FXdpoJ0HyOrQW8dld+N8l8b1jIytnU/r6R1XO7HLSm4P0/MKbnNKG7No0NqlVYxJb9VZim95MbNcbSR16PblTryV36VUE9Gpqr15Nu6pXL10D6VUk+Bqpz3gdgTmQ2RvXY6/be+z9fPY1BPo6EvPo0RtI7Q2m/ya8hezG8DgWJvD6JJjK+6bzvbP43Gw+PwfhzWFac5jmbKbt4HtmBeJ/HeF570dySNPf5292JljSc9JDknmQT9l+he/Ko9y1xJfV6vrqTU2r11T2SNOoJWYkVGpucjVlUp1WZjXJho3fzrLfW9qrI+zETrE+XXnL+rITGnYm10paKyMD13M665bwKKpnESTFpPqwv13nX8pgJ0BfAnTJD0x+USXNCi9sUBgJIrKoUXEIMInyN42S2JKZo/6aI4XPmBCNRIhDlFE0xEgkF5lXpajLlYrKLVdoRpEupObp4qUChWWXKaawjkba5gRqJbNdQWLCs4QXQUoMIeEFl7S5GwvZNbR2ssauLjjOtr254Kq+PWmLO0v78Te26rMzz+iLyxP01c35+vrOUv3nngr99/5K/exQlX5DivrTsSpEV6knKWms28nz56r0YnA1oqvWK2HVeh3RvRWF7KIpZ2NrNQlxWVctu8bcrkaac8mGVvPGlFxgj/y9II1kl9qk+dT485LqEV6dZrMiZsTXaqpJD2GOi2/UGGb+jbhmvRrbrFExLcivldTXppfC2kiVbXotmPZwrk1jzrToTcQ37Eid7t9fpf/ZVaqvbc7Tl1cl6Z8WntenxmzS37+8WEvYXk6wHUSx7MOLWIbskPqEV8y2QMqz24BSKCiL9Wzr2hKfHerwLkf0rqqxwx+JiMl2lAOkB39VeDfILQDXR3RwYgze4ycotryHcoCVTxkTh/ji/SCyBD8Iz7u2sh87q9UHsdOdfbGZth9j8IMNSwKWCKyfVwT/D+W9F9jIrNvLSUqUY+xZj1CiHCzr1P7STu0t6dTu4k7tpLTaXtjp+vhtJu1tzO/SujxLfV1aBStzu7Q8x+6d0aWFSM+GkLeRlK3v2kSENw7ZjU5s0RsJLXo1vkWjYCSMiG/V8Pg2PQ/PxbdrWEKHhiV26rmkLj2X3K3nU3r1QupVvZh2TSOQ4AhENNLHCORkvIgoX0zp0XDePzyp0/EijICXkOnLMArRmVRfN/GR7MYgunF8biJMQXZOeHzHHIPvmesT3hykNgfBzSY5ziZFzjLsub3mE95sRDkHafadcEGybgQWO5mB9GYgvRlIbzrSm57Xq2l5SJblNYWk7I7vpTdT4jewY6CRJdfSwOoonez6W7tXhl02yLIv6vakV37NHYagvYq26tahdVK2jdK6JdjF+emsXxMdVbFyW6S8VmjrJ5e/qajdVQ/WCTiNhpPKhpiCxCxtxVd6wgvNr9PF3CqF5ZHQkF4CyS+VVHaJVJaO+KjM3fTSakgNJkVK1kQSYnQBn8sq1UUEF5JRqPDMIijU2YQMHQ6L14GQOB2KSNa5tCt8rl7x5a2Ux4gS6dnBbzucE8H2GEJZfAHphVvZxPxaGW+XleEuhHdN3564RV98c4M+O3a3vrY0Ul9fl6HvkOr+G1n8jKT0m2P1uv94nR4+WUfpWquhp6s1/EyVXmLhvYLsXgut0ZvhNa6EfRvRjYut0URkNZmGYt21ZiIyu97crkqan95CBdPKDt0O5/DI34uoFRemNVLO1ms+ZdM8GtocGt0sk54Jk1QxOaFBE4in4xKaNYZt/y2297fiEFwMO/woiGjX6LB2jQ2hArrQqrEkvuEnG/Tg0Rr9iDL3P3aR8jak6MvLLurvx9v4f0u0jJV7ygIL6zeimJKWZe6ER0UWU0jbJ+XZXfEyWFZZvh2frV93GMJkB65zuRPe1X7pGUzHLztzR9+Zc4cdJ0ZcN8NJzdsBXy+6mxEUV4Z5/SC9BEhEeImUqUnIzvDGFKN08YO0ArGyxh0IZib8Q/jYxKPZoN3NPvixdsPni+yxz7M3P0vZcoq98oniFh0tatYROERpcrCo1Q1asL+oXXsR3p7iLu2i4e2AbYXdbHTdNMYercvv0Woa8crLPU56i7NIeZmdlIgIL82E16q3k9h7sdJfjW/SS7FNepHd9XPwbHSjniLuD4HH2aIfjWrSo9HNeiymVY+zYQxBgE8ldulpZPYs8huK/IYiqaE8fza5R88gxqcTOvU0snwqtlVPsQd9OrZFz8S1aqiJNKFdwxM7NIIk+RLSewXZvY6U3mIaY2EC05sC01MpUWFOKrLzCW+uCQ+xzfHJbjal86zLYI/2mgnPyl9k6c4qM4+zmZ9ZCNadVbaTHOk9mm63fszu1VTEN4USd3JutyaxY5iU1aGJNhABjWcCDWtCaqMm0cim0Yhmp9OYEN4KSt/VNpS/Sc+SXrH1vbSz8xJtlnXJnp5HuxTLdozWCTWZpJ/GNpLORppp8oN0toE0klMyOzUjBaGkIBhLeJb0LiFIdyWESbJDovJWrskMsSUgpEgkFpJdrrNphToSl6X9EWk6HJOpUyn5Cr9cRUOrd6+vPnxBK/ef0Yo9JzRp+QaNnDRXb85arClL1+j1afP0yuTZmvHOBm08ek7HYi8pPK+CMqyRUrrNSx9snza8vB27DmHne6GsgzKWbRfh2VlqGwvvqBOe9B2E96U3N+rLUw7qf9an6kd2Ley+Cv3qSL3+dKpZj5CYnjzbpKHnKCfPNWgUH379PEmOBTcG2Y11Z2NrNTEGydGqpzjR1WkGArMuW3NZIDbCkF2DvijTrlZq1VKD50t5bQn/W8z7FqXWayE7qgXsceZRD87FGrOxxyxK3BmkRLuCyfqzTqYNTGTHPyGhTePZXsfFdmhsdIcmRHVoEuKbQuKbSKn7EvP78Kk6/Qyzf/NAsb62PV3/uipUn6WE//tXF2qTnZRkncXYTqC0nuTd7p20INlFk3zjSXmpbB/pbBdZrHtLeqkswyTWtY2abdhJLStx+4XnSc8k58cvu+uFN1B6yM3+x3f46ZfeXyconhLSSEB4CWXMEMJLMtiYk5FeMsJLgVREZ6QhOAc/2E8Kskvih9g1kXatZVStd9s/u99pcE2HzrOAzla06kxZC6JrQnQNOs4Ge/RKnY6wVz+cX69DVxp0qKBJBwtNfG06UNyh/SVd2lfSrT0lPdpJw9te1EOp2zNAeu/QmO0OaQsQ3pyMDk2/1E7ZSDmbbKWsT3hxjXohpkFDoxv0dGS9nqCufiS8Vn8Oq9WDBrXag5ENegj5PYzAHkV8jyO+ISS/JxGKYc+fiO9wUnzM3hPFBo4wH4lo0GM8PsFnn+R1Jz6k9zzl84uI6CVE9Apyeh3ZjXbSu4qQkR5MT7nGXh3xpSE0pDcL4VnpanKzZDcT2TkQ3kx7zf6H8GaR7maRMGeZ7JivmQbfZf0A7Yyu3WxoKtKbmt2jKTk9msyjCW9iVifCY4OnTJqQTkOgTJpEmTSVRDEro4WdhnUYt+uh20jS7dqU164diM9u4XmMjf5sxTWF0PjtDv2RbC9RpPEYdk5xrKuEkg4llXUpmbSeWNpBI2ijMTRTZtpxtUZKzibKnxZ3UiHGjpPxPIx1HlbQ4ORXck0q6vWSYCLJLiSnQscTcrT7YqLWILXFO45qxb7TWn3ovGZv3Kc3F6zWG/NX8bhKr8xappFT5uuF8TP14vgZenvuUs1etVFzV2/UgnVbNHfNZs3fuEM7zoYz3RJFk1Kiy1sQXheN4Kore2zHHIKYLzD/dtyO1aswhHeW7duEt7VQ+u6krfqX0Zv09ZnH9Jsd2frt/mL9hhL2ARLSE+da9QyJ6fkLLXrpQpNevdCgt4iHb1+o1viL1ZpIGTuJZDeFUmcqrXk6iWxGUh3rn7KUknEuC8FSto0wtCgTsWU2IzsbiAPsOa8v4f+Lee8iErknvGrNR3ie9Eh7VuJS6s5CeDN8fVqnIb2piaR6u0qDHfKE2DZNYuc+JYrXI5o1KbRRo4Lr9di5Gv3vqUp992ixvrUnQ9/YEK4vTNuqz7wyTwdYFkeRVnQzO4ayBie8NAs5ZewYTHhFpHXSXjrLKZNlZzs+74w4bgkQnt2g+y8KDyH5CZRdH/b6e2Aw0fkJsmQXKDs/Jrwkn/Cc9JCdkYrsPOxH+WTHj7Phte36tsiqboWR5Oyenucr23QG0Z1i4zpZ2qwTJU06XtyoY4UNOlrAHvpKvZPdYRrFIRrFQRqICc+lPBrRPhLeXoS3u7jbXby9DdltKTDhdSO8bsqvbkrbblJelxbToOfToO3OaDNIenb/igmkvbeR35vI71XK25dIfMPjmjQstlHPIL8hUfWkPFa2EYW4SH+Pk9sfJ7E9gbiGsIH0gejstSdIdY8jtscQnInOsKT4BJHAhPc0/3+W9w9z0qPcRUQjTHzwConsNXgDRsPbMI7UOJ70OIHUNpFyeRLSm4zY7GzwFKQ3FdlN43E6yW8Gr1s3mplWDiPRWXzeEt5spu0GPXBlLTK0rio5JEFLh/n92HG9GSS+Gbk9lL0kwmxEmd1B+dyuebDIbsSU284ybdca4pa7I9rlVu2kRt0Hh/JadDy/RecK2xSG7KLL2JBJeCmkO+uXZRu6YcdxcmkkhZ0SnnSlbhrbSHRhsy5mV+t8RoVC8+oUjvAuZFdp/alojV2xTc+Mm6cHXpqgJ8fM0mtz39XUVTu0YOthLdp+VHM27teYRev0/KQFGjp+rp6biOAmL9RLM5bpjXnvatKKTXpn91HtvRCl80mZCk3LUWhqthau30rCW6eZqzdp25kwReSXK6YUCZc2sr12KLYe4VFiRyG+MLbfi5U97lilJbwwfsdZGvEJtvXdpJkfTNmqr0/Yom/NPqxfb0vRb/fm6neHivXAiUo9fqZWT52t07CztXoRXsaUr58l3Z2t1NvnqzT2YpXGI70JETWaRDk7mXJ2SnwNMqpFSpSkiG8WSW92aoPmkLjnwjxS+HwHyY/X5/H/uSRCJzdqwNnx1ZoVV6WZcdVQoxkm0vh6TbOTH/GkPJjMDn8S2/wEtvlxbPNj2ebHRdZqfDjzElrJfJVp5PlSPX4WeZ8q1P8cvaz/2pui728M0VdmbNE/vjZPJ0jex+w4awPLpqSWZN/mBla1QT+jC2n7lLQpJLxLLCcra21bcMJjeVrfyxuEx7JOZCdj2CGvQPqlZ4ILZHC5/a0EWQk7AFemBIDsDLsvgI2G67AyFtzlOuB6qduZLvaQoRWd7o7tXtnaguSaday4idLV40ih0ajDBUaTS3WH/KIrbNV+GpMNSbW3qEN7KGvtet2dYOXV1oIubbrSpQ12PO9yl1bndundnE4SSZeWwRJYREOeD3NJfbPcVQjdmpLZTarp1NtI8K3UdqTTplHs+UaYANkgnjcJwlBK32fhGXjax1MI8Cmy/FOxRosHYjO5PWmSc3ivmews4T2DHJ+lhLCkZ+J7zuQHL8BweBFGUPaOhJdhFGJ8lfL3daT1ZlqPRqf36u2MqxqXec2dPbauLybBqRnWT9DXf5CUZ2XtnJRudxzPXbvLZ+ZlXdN8JLkgT1p4BUgmi4o8FlCWzc/n/4jPWJDXqwWXe7SI5biYunKZu/tcG8u0VauJWnbWdqP11aNG3Uq9sj2tUrvTKnQst14X2SlFkORiSjtdvze7d0Q8f0ezHhNK211Ja7LDGSpAfInlHaSrasrSXC3edUavzF2jPwwfp2///il95Wd/1pd/fL+++IPf6l94/NUzr+n1eau19kioLqSXkBhbSRNINzxN87Yc0TsHzmt3WKrOpBW7430nk/O19UykZq7doZemzNOoqfM0es5inU+4pM2HT2rJll2avHwN7wlVbCkNtrKZeW9QdHW7YhsQXoMJ75q7R28ov4P9nzuGZ+I7Vyl3ttq6Uf1i9k59b9o2/efsffrfDRH69a5k/f5Qjh44VqCHTxTr8RMlegqGnijT8JPleglePVWhN85U6E0mNDq4SmOIyG+HVSEdBBhdhYhIfwhrMvKbQi03lVY/jaRmVyFNty4nDkrVBMAE03nPdOQ2DWFOi6nWVKYxJboakCjpcVJ0HdRrIkxAcNa/b2xUnd4mXY4Or9KbYeV6K6REoy8WavSFPOYrRy+eydYTp7L0xxOZ+sWRS/r53jj9bNMFfWf2Zv3Hmwt0ugXp054jagkyBdWKKWvGA6zvctp9CcJjZ2CjZVu1Z5ecuZ4ZCC/RhGdn2C3lWedz64Reh1Oc8HzSY2djJzQD8QvPz2Di+r8SZIIbDO/EhR9+lIHYvBMVJjnqabDr3OyMrd2t/WJZp86z0Z+hnDlR1EKKa9JhkpulNy/BUbI6uXmCO4jgAo/b9YmusEO7wEZk2WGjstBi7MqNTfmdvttEdmgtDXR1jnfm1u6J+w6NdgWJbwWNeHn+VS27ck1LaPCLYQHpZm4epSDpZhoSnJzZ5RNgOwJs0+uWAJOa9XJCk0YiwOHsDZ+nBB7GxjKUPeKzMJT0NxT5DaMlDEN6w5DbMCtfkZufZ308Y+IDO7ZnmCSf5HPGEB9Pxnk8FU8ZTLkxLKlNLyQjwhQkSGn6KqXpGyQ2k99YJDceJoH1IZxuwkNw1kk58PK1eZmIjHS3gHS3kHS3iN9tv3+RLYPLV91OYHZGu2ane1exzOP5wizr4tNGCdWiJZRNy9IbtDKzUWtzbODQVkraNu22S9HyWWdwrKBFp1lvIazrS+z5ixEanpTdB9bd6b+MchbCSe6bzyZo/DuktO0n9fKsVXrolan63p+G6sePjtRnvv0LffIbP9Xf8/j1Xz+uXz/7BkltrXacT9S5SyUKza5UFCkwKr9O0VQC4ZdrdTKpQDuCk7X6aLgW7Dyl8St36uU5qzVy5jskwlWavHKrFm09oGU7Dmr59v06FZOsbcfPavrKdRoxeZbWHj2r1NpWpTR0KrKiSdE1JjwqE6RnN962sjaChuq63pBKCUI6T6lmKe8gjfrpDWf139M363uztuvnq0/r19sj9YeDKfrTkQz9+Ui2Hj6So8cOX9ZTR/I19GiRhh8r0UvHyzTKxHe6gsSH/C4gv4sVGk26GhNO+osgZUVWalyUCZDUhbgmxNS443wT7ewtdZiDvx1OaqTEKN4TiSyNCC85jo8gucG4iDqN9TEmvFajEeyboeV6/WKxXg2+Qrmdq9fOZei1s6l65XQick5E1Il66Fii/ng4Xn/cG6E/bj6jn83fqh9OWKZTVHFnytoVQSl7/nKFIqjS3A2eqACjbWh3dgb+E1iuVwbYIS53Jhzh2WWGNwiPZO2NjNOPNwBsvwADB3kdjMGE9tcIsmsM/fgFF+fD30UlxmEpziMKvL551v/uqkLKbUDJbp2jzDmFtI7TII5eadGh/CYdyGvUfoPn+680a7/dM4MUt7+wHcnZWHudlK6d7iSFDTu1C8GZ6LYXdGjblQ5E16HN+XY/3HZKrHbvnrhWctHKVoNdsrYK+dmZ21V2XO/KVa0uvKbVJJrVtMbVxO13eXyHv5eRdhYjwgWkm7mUdbMQwPTMTiTSTknZqrEpLXorsUmvUxKMiq3XSPaWL0bVajh7yOHIb3hMo14k9b0Y16IX41tdUnsxoYPU1qEXSHR21teJz2RH4rNkOCSaEhlZPhbVqEcomx+Gh9jzPoRQH0KsD8c16lEk+0QC70+kHEZ8zyO+FxHfS6kkP+T3BvIbDWPBOjTb1Rw24rJJr28YKhuAwMjsQXokt+xeLcy5SnrjeVYX72nTTBtSny3FUsKMhFrNJklY94YFyd5B8DmxZZoRfkVzowu1JKFU7ySXaw2pbv2lSm2G3dk1OpzXoLPWfQOpHcko18aLKVpy8KImrT+g4TNX6v5Rk/XjIaP0rT88ra/+4mH9w/d/q988N1qf/tYv9Pnv/0b/9D9/0FsLN2jktBWktaOkrnjFsgPMbxVprkzrj0Zo5T47ZndSszccRGI7ESHC4v2vzF2rMUu36e3lOzQGXl+8Ra8t2qQZmw4jwTBtPRejXcFx2nE2QltOXNCO0xe188xFjV24XI+88paW7zuq9MZOpbdaP9MWRdeRUBt7gO3al/KiSKY2WozdpMZ6FlDx6Rzl2sHCbo0/nqSfz9qkH8/dql+vPqr7d4TokSMJevRYih47kqrHD1/SkEMZeuZwjp47mq8Rx4s06kQpKQ/ZnCnXG2fL9SYGHR1crjEXyzUWCY0LL0dSFVCpCYhvAuKbGIXEDBObwxOdJTgH2+RkhOcguRmTsLMxMbIOAdYhQMNK1xqNDavQmNASkt0VvRGci3Qz9Mb5FOYnnvmK1qjT0Rp+KppkGqOnjkbr6QNhembHWT28fLf+PGe9jhNKLlLSRlDKns2tUFhRA17ocm6w65etO5odj7P+ttYFLdmSG8KzgUC9QSE84dnYhwlOeOCEByz3QAaV3mDwXdczmOCuJ8gusHajlPrwi84kZ+PJuz53pL0ICAfreBwKrvMxJfAFZHfOLkIv7dIphHfcLkpHZu6GQKQDuyGQ3QVtL8/t8qU9iMwSnL9cNXb5hpnaTpLz0pwnOTto7onOux/uutw2ZAd2UN3OJjrshuAdWnO5U2vzurTWTmjYZWuFV7W+6JrWIbu1yG4NElxVcFUrr/TqHcS4PK9bS0mFi0iHC7I6NDezXTORwrRLrZqc2qIJyc0aS+objQDfYOt/DTGNim3Qy0jPzvq+RGp7Cem9ZOUpohvY1cUrZ59FhM9Qsj7N8yf5nx0DfBxZPm6PfPYJOzaY0KYnE9v1dBLvT+7QUHgOTHqW+F6k/H4JXuH56/AWvI0Ux8NEdzC6RdN4btcPz7nUifS6tQjZLcm9Sonf685gL0Hsyyjzl/O4nL9XZHVqRWaHlqY1a6GJL6pUM8IKtADhrUip1qK4Ys0MydKkU4l6+3Ckxh0K19j9F/XS+oN6dPZq/eCFt/WF3zyuz/z0Af0DfOl/H9JXf/uEvv7Hp/WtPz2rf+f5V5Dd1371mL5z/7N6bvISjZi+goQVQXorVcTlOi0hoU1btUfjl27VBNh0PErzNh3RP//3H/QP3/mlHn55sl6YtESjF27SeOQ2edVeLdp1TutPxWs9qWTD2WQdSS5VONXB2axqHYy7rLOUv6E55Vp39ILGLV6l1fuP6UhEnKav2qDHXn9bS/cdUWx5vZLq2xVV1Xyd8NiRkzwiLeHRMNjniUDlrhiyK4iOUGHMP5+hp1Ye1BOrj2jYjgt66UgcAsvQW8HZPALl4ZtnczXmXL7GXyjSpIulmhZaoelhlexIKjUTqc1CbrMjKzQ3qkLzoiGmXPNjKzSfmLTAiK/SgoRqqNHCRKPWsSipTosd9VoCS/to0NLkQbDXYYl9huksSqxgXZcy/UK+J491naP5MRmaH52mOVGpmhGRpqnhaZoUkqqJ5xI18US0xuw6q7e3ntCR7GrXGdsGibhYUKeIUjvhY1dQ4AcqPLtaxc6q2jE49qEkOWTn65Livw+Kf7BXE15CvU94LPPrhefHL7y/Kj4/ts7eA0F2/aF382UrVZEduNEpTHTgrrCo6EFy1k+ph5Vvac6T3NnSbp22C8/hREm3jsNR66Vf3KVDcBCR7Yd9YAML7IHdYF1NdoJ1N9nOnnNrgQ0v1dVXsm5AcpbkTHD9kmvtE10g9polvnWUuTZQwfo8G7GlSxvsWN+V7j7syg17fR3/XwtrDCS5is+tRJgrcr3reBdnd2ohzLMTIKQ/u7GODcA5Dvm9hfReI+m9YiC+UZSmo5DXSHgRTHp2nM5OVjyf0qXnU3v0fFqvnuNxaEo36a1LzyZ2IsMuDUvk/4ndeiGpB7GB9euDF1KtL2CnhiG2oQhtaAIlNKX2C6TAEYj3ZebhFcT7OnXXm+zp7frJ8TyfwntmUprbpXbWL3FxVrfmkVhnsiXOZk3PZ+NfnNKs5WktWonYV15q0cKYSk27kKep53I18VS6XthyXr+fu0U/GrdM33x5hr7w+Gv6yG+f1gd/9rDu/vEDupt09iH45P8+rH9Cbl994Fl967EX9Yc3pumVZZu19GioDiTm63RWhc7nVut8TpXOU5rayYlkuz6WsiimoEkRuTUKoxGdoOEdCL2kmav3avf5JJ1OKNB//XGo/vH7v9Nrs9Zo1MxVem3OOs3eeFSbziTqSEKRLl5uQlo0GEooGxklgm3POs/b/XSz7DrOuh4t3X0MYY7RvI07mOYlLdq2R8+Om6IFuw7oXG6RIpFeZBUlbX2HohtpuE1s7zS+yFq2d2vYNF43BiCPNipLCGXb8bw2rQplOe0J1cR9EZp5MkkLQ3P0TnyJViKSFXElWh4LMSU8L9O7CRVanVSltck1WpdSo/XsSIwNKVWOjSmV2pRqVGgzKdpxqQqqtTm9RpszjFptseOnmfXamtWgbdmN2g47cpq0M6dZu3KbtTu3Rbsvt2iPj712XbSPfXnN0MTzRqiHWt5TDZXae7lce3NLtSenWLuyi7Q9s0hb0wuZnwJtTLis9dFZWk16XxfMjoWdlA3Oap2HI+y658pOdgYsM6Rm3XmieLSrGKyLT9/I2LzXpGi3UhwoPHDCA5Z5Ejsbu2Y50RggvYHCC2RQ4V3PILIzguxyD3fvAjYYu0jXLvK1S8vselp3KVklomODMtGdN8nBadLcyZIuBNelY4jNhgw/guyOlNhYeb06VHrVcZAN5QAlwf7Sa9oLu0uuaWfxVe2AbUVXtaWwV5t9Z12djCyl+c4QuvSW3apVjhaeG3YwvRXReZgI/VJcD5YE/WwMYJOj1bHZ0RaAdb+wktmu6iAhkvxWkwDfzbckeFXL7AA/qWh6SqvG0wrepIx4ndLhdaT3OknvdRLbKBiB/Ibz+ALJ7flEkl4SSQ3pPUcZOgzZDTXZxXfo2Rj+F9uBILtIiD0aldCrUYlX9XIypF7TS9axmbL1OaT3dGKLhsQ1aAiR4ylKm2ciqzUMXoRRzMeb1F7jEd2kxGZNgelIeQaJdCJJYsyFQs2IrdFiSvVp4WV6/eglvXUsXaN5fGrtWf3vlM366YR1+p+3VujTf3pVQV//nYL++SfwIwX9C/zHL3TXTx/RZx56Uf/wyAh96fGX9H3K1QdnrdQrGw9o7okIbYrP0dHLVTpDiXPOYO9/Nr9WYSQAK2FsAAHrXJwK1mk4u0mi7SqZcjiZsjg2v0ERWVXaSil1JDJLhDVF5NTqQFimwrNrFXm5QdFXWhScVauTKeU6l1WncKqD6DK7+ocEBjZahz23Hbb167NLx7adj6UU3qTX5yzR0ZgkzVi7WcOnztYbi9/R2ZxChRRXkeJaFdPQqajGLqSH5BqQnXWnooFaI7Z0Z6nFRlIJY7s+hWh2UuqvOXtJ64MztSOqQAeR1kleP4mAjmc36CjzdzirhkRUy3Kp0zEkcxzZH7/CY34d0qzVibwanUA6J1huJ3MNpmGP9jevn7STMCxDx5U6nSyo16nCBp0uatLZ4madK27R+ZJWXbDL4NiBhJR3EEY6SKIdtFeoovSsaqf9kmKr2xzRNR4xNfzmWo9YRwuvkXSRf2RFozuRE1Zcp4tX2FlRup7JKNHpjFIFM18JSMv60VnXM7vDnHXnieJ5OOs5ArnZIAtRLHv/0GH+S8oChRfH8o33C4/l3S88T3pOfAHC+0vSMwYV3V8hyC7w9d+sxcag92IqKx/CEF4IwrNrZs+Xm+woW5HdCUrXY8V2r9NOd1OYQyS4QyQ7GybqEBvjIUqAQ5QChp3dOsDjXl6zU/s7S6VtlJlbKDc3UXZuoMS0PnVWjrrEldOB4Nr0LmJbyS7beNeHX3xOdtAnOkerNrK320jL2sjeb5NBCzM2w1bYxoa5HXawZ9zJe3eyR9yVZ90u2rWTdLmdFGgXiW81GTOPm0uk9Xb8z85mprdreqKNO+b1kreRZseQtsbEt7jLeEYhv5Hu+F4zpW2znqPUHIb4hlqpStn6LCXwM5FNeja8Uc+HN2tEZLteieokqfVQMl/V60nX9BrCe8Wu8CARDqOsfZJ092hsnR6JqtajSOzxsHI9GVqmZ2E4JdJbNlI0Zay7lI4azC4+t+M+r57J0zO74vTQugv61YID+rdXluqjD76le383Svf+5iXd/YsX9P4fP6Og7z6ioG/+SXf84DF95NfP61P3v6R/fOIt/dcb8/XnRdv08s5zmnE+RStIXpsQ0468Ou2m4e6FfTTe/TSEg3DMRFfarFBKnhhKFRys5GbSViuCQ2LWuTiFhmCjlySUtSG8dl0i8eWyAV7hf9lse4mFzYpCdrH5TUosblcCxBVaX74WxbFjtTtiRbNTDbnSpuD8Nl240q7zVzp0oaATgXXSWDtlNw2PK2/TmUuFOkip9uzYqdoTEq3J767XqLmLNYSUd+xSji4UViiuAeEiuyikZykvppGdvAmP9GJdq2zsNXd5kwmvsJ3GX6tjiWU6Eluk04l22Vqd4piPtNIepVHxpPD9iUg8vgTZl9kw6FBt4rfHJsVX2YH+BsWX1/H/WsWX1vBeKK52xPHcUVqruDKmTQqNq+D9iCihkmVS1aKk6lYlI66U2nal1XXqUkOX0pn3TMhq6lZ2cxc7FpZra5fyWjuV39apK+2dKujoUmFHt4o6e1Tc1QtXVdJ9DcRz6LjGzqZXBc3dym/oUC7fkcH8p5U3s66alcC6jStvlQ31ZaPIsE913XkikVd4TZfCwBNfN+LrJvF5Q0K5W3KCd2mZCa/HJzxwwmOb6BOeJ73rU14i28j1ogtkMKn9JZzw/HemsgH1THi2h/OER7pzwuvWOYR35ibCO2jlK0vvoKU7Ul2f8JCdX3j7AoS3HZEECm+9ryPxOtKVJz47A9vuxGeS80TnS3Uu2flkR0LzEp0nu02w2dGszQhvC3LbYrIbIDpKAUTnygBkt9culqfh7LWrCop6tZcUupf53MM872bebTSXzczzmoJr7qoOE98sSkO7yHsikhlPmTmOdGVXdrxBS3fH+Sg/RyW16iVKzJE8jqA0HZnA35S8o+KAlDcqslWjEN/LYc16yQmwRc+bECMb9GREnR4nRT6OVIcgtSF8z5OI70nENwTpPRVSpifOFOg32+P0n4uO6d+n79E/j9uojwybq/fdP1ofeGSCPvrUdN3+h9cV9KNhuuuPb+izz8zQJx+boI89OFr/8sIc/XTyJj287IhGbg/XlDNZWhZfqXUZ7BxYrrYc1xLFliaUaG5krpbEk2zSK7WR5LL1cr12XqFEsqtjSBnHkNgpBHEeoYXUXVM4Gyk/wZ31tGHhbSOjmnb3mXCjaQChSLlAeFMhMEmllNCQEUY+orTX7WoN16fL39UB3HBEyCWcbS2UHWyIPSKccKqPKHbKdjtJG3oqOKdcJ5Jz9NKMBdp6JkRrj57RmGWr9MKM+Vpy6KQuFlYqorKR+SPh1XUojpKWVah4Gl0M0vOSSTclM422rFOhJM2zaRU6m1yq83bc8FKlEnIalFnE/Fb06gptJY/35yL8HJJVTg3UQ2OHcpp5bGrjeatyGlqUXdek7NpGZVc3KLuqXtmVdcCjPa/itWr+V2PY+5p5fwvT4rP1TANJ5xpM93Jjpy43ITbIR3QFiK4Q0RUjuRIkV9rRoTKo6OxQZVenqrq7VN3To5reXtX2XlXt1Wsg/paqkV91R48q+Xx5U4eK+a58RJ2DZDMqbMDPJmRs0u10Q3UlIKMYxOV2EE52Hp7wWBdgI2LbMOvuahaf7PzCizfh9aU8L+n1EyA8tou/Jry/FUpaIiq4OwxZOWvCq6JWh0Dh+ROeK2fhONI7ivQOO7p0mI3vkBMeCS9QeuAX3h5Esgt57EB42xDeFoS3qaD3BlyJa8fa3NlYn+T8iQ7B+UW3Mc+HT3hWrm7xsZW/jW0IbjuPOyzN8fpuJGeic7LzCW8fwtuH8PYX97ry225LZ/fi3E8D28cefjePO/gNW5j/DSS+FZd73OgVM5MbEV+9piHAGYhwUkqL3k5oQH5NGkPEeRVJDUdQw4JLNPR8sV64WK6RYZSkF6v0/PlyDT9foReDqzQirA7hNWhYWI2GXKzQQ+eK9aezhXqM0nUopfRzqW0aRrn6LAnuqfAqPXy6QH84mKE/7E3Vb7cn6HtLT+ufJ27XF8ds0BfeWqfPvrJSn3vlHX1t4hb9fNlJDTuYpskkv6kwifJ2Zoz10K/XIjuul4zYUuq1HCOtvNSkVRnNWpFmB8artDChXPPjkV5MoeZE2dnbK1oQW6iliSVaiQDWUWpuyWvSrsJWHSjt0FG2k1NsN2do/OdIW+cpXYNJc9YALBlktUusVuV3gF1vi2RwiTIoe1JJfhk0jlz+zqQlpiGbFMMuSWOHbF0e7CygnQ20MjOKxBcB4WC9Buy4s12vGU9Jd/FyhRPetHXbtOlUsE6lZmniqg16a9lqvbxghUKLqhVcWE1J18G8tZNY+D6SaCrzlIz0EmnIJk43oAHl6EU7JplarAvJRQpNKVZMRoVSc+uUW9SqYn5zCb+3hCRTXNOpIqZZRGosRkIlrbzebvDcRNTSzuttKkZ+xcivuL5JRQjQKK5r5m+w1xtaVdLYphJEWdLU7ihGREU+ChGeUeB7LDRJNXcwfSTX2q7ytnZVQFV7GyJrV01nu2q7OlTX3al6xFffY3SrDgEatZ1dqmnvUHVLmyobmlWCkK+QRnNJmRmldUqmzI0vqlNCeYsSEZsdrrDkZvcxieA3R/CaS3aupPWwUYfdHe5YJwNk58OlPJ/4+qE66GPg2dr/VwR59xwNFJ5dLREovG5dZKVeQHjnyrv6U55fenCEksMdw2Nva8fwDiO9w0jvsEkPDsJ+ZLHPkhPC20WK2lF8TdsQnh3H28qjlZHbeG07bOU118HYTkSY6HysJ9n108L/fSC1DVbC8pqTHWyD7bADIe5EanZPVkty++wscX478kOCVuZmNnhkNWqbK3tb+Jx3SdXOQruk7ZqT9C5+wy5LfMjPEp+dBV5KAl1JMl1lZ4F5bVm+jX7SojGRZRpxJlcvns7VyHNX9Gpoqd6gJB15vkhDDqXrNxvC9Z25h/RpxHTro1MUdP/bCnpgnG55epY+Nnqdvrs+VI+R4p6jdngB2RnPEUGeia7TkNBKPXa+VI+eLtJDx/L18NE8Db1QrleiSZWR9RoRWqWRIZUaEVymIYez9ODOBA07nqu3oxAe0pxNy56fYSc2vEFWl8CKnC6tyuvRelLsRn7LWn7TO/y2xXZtZ3KN5iZUak58hebC/MRKLUyu0uLUGi1LtxFWGkjjjayPRnY4NqZes/YXtek428o5tidcLip9EYDFfsG7jSJ773Q26gxSYSYNJYPGY+SwgZsEs+p63Th2domZlcCxdjka6S+B6blx1mquKYLtMZRtL5jSN4R0GMZ7It1Aok0KK0BoOSXaHRan/ZEJupB1Ra/MW6qRsxeT8ha660FDiygd7ebhFa2unMpExiwKd3vGVBpifEWLIgpqdDG7VBcokS+k5Csk5YoiUwuVkFGm9Ms1yi9qUlkFKYrkU0HDr6gFUmMlqau6lTTVQZrqIk1RRtZSTtZSVtYgv5rWDtUgv2rkV93U6qhBbjWkwVper0VcdZSkdSSuurYu1fJY3UJKa2b6iK0MwZU2IsIG5An2WIpEy5hORXOrKltaVdXKNNtaVdveqjqo74DONjUYXe2OeqgzGfL/mpZmVTU2qqKuXsVV/LayKmUXV+oSaTi5gETLMo0vtpK81V2HHFNpZ7pZfkgvCuHZ5aROdKw7u9GTERdA/ACuk58D4TmQXR8Iz4Gs/h/RLzxEZ5eGBQovHOGF+oTnT3mB0nNJz8ex0m4dRXg25PuRMsMnPfBOXpCcfCcv9iC8XXbyghJyO3Lbgex28tpupOHKXp5vK+jWZjtji9w2ICGHSS5QdLDR0UzCM+FRyvL3VpLbdkS3w8SG5HYXdGpPASWro5OU10aJS8mbUa+NaXYGzc6mVWpNkp1Z4zGlWusu1WoD9ddmvncbkWRHcY92Iz0btNTEt53nGwq7SXzWBYZy3E7A8JphI1q8diJdv19xTP/6+nLd9+g4Bf1qhIJ+N0rvf+ht3QF3UV5+7vUV+t7CQ/rV5jA9fDhNTyHHoWFlehqeRJLPxdVrZJr1yUN4lM5PR9boCWT2VGiNniMRjqQ8fjWpSy/HtWtEFKVxTIte4bWR/O+F0GqNpDS2s8kjwqo0PLhUo0mIM7J6NB3hTU5u0kS2gInxNZqWVC+7Z7CNMWhl+7LsLjfmoA29P9dG7wDvMqdmLbCRPOzSJ7sEKpXPEb3mptRogUmQZfhOWhVlcaMOsk2cQ05RJKdYZBKH8Gxo+CiSk41/Z5cnJUEqZCCLbPbwl5uuiVWJCLuVZCOaUEZFFTUoNB/x5NW4z1lJZVVJOMkxuKhF5yivz9klagUNlKr1CiusQ3r1CJJEUlGv85n5TnjPT52rZyfO0oszFysC2UWVNiLQTuRHyUaDy2Ee2b8qh/m9VE+KKWtQ2OVSnUu7rPMpObqYkqvwlMuKSbui5MwSZV2uVAHfV45kq2j81dUkKdJdDemurrlbDW29auy8qibKxWbHVTUjvqbObjUhvUYSXyPia0RwRhPPm6GF11uRXCvvaSUdGi1t3byXVIb0apFdFemvghRYVt+iUkreUtJhGemwnHRW2Yi4mpqRZ7NqoQ6R1bc2qb6tiXnyqG/3qIPatkZkV6/qxjpV1tWorLpKReUVyispU1ZBqdLyS5SSX66kgiol2E4C6cWyU4kh7UWz7tztONlZufLVEh3SimNnZsRfT6DwLPE5vLO3/dj/7b2Bwvt/J70gGyLHZNcnPEQX5YRnB3C7SXndCkF2LuVdJ73TcNLRrRNwvKzHcQzhHXVc9YnvKg3gKmXPVaR3VXtLrmo3othVRIKCXTy3M7h7EZ47fsZzd+0sotmM8NzZVSS1hZS21a68KOrSdhLlDgS7g+/bgWy3U1ZvI71tJc1tR3J20xUb6WOfTRvR7aAE3pLVpE3p9dqM6LaS6HYy7T2819htcuQ7+mA6u5ww27Wb79xT7F3Tu62gXeuyG7QgrlDb+f6Re0P1ws4LevidA/rs428p6Es/gh8r6Nt/0l0/fVaffXi0vvfWCt2/5KAeWHFUf3r3hJ4/kKDRoQUkwEw9ti9OQ46maNi5XL0QUqjhEWV6IbJCL0RX6SWk9Gp6p0ZaWRvboGciaylpa91VHy/Et7lOzyMSuvRSUo9GpVzVa5ekNzJsjD5pVHKPXk7q1kje81xEvZ6hVB4eUaPXEpr0JsnxraRGvZ3coPEpjZpmYjPJXb6m5fkk1Txpca6dne52AzLY9clzM7o0L9NjdnqHZqTZPYObNRkDTbFrQZOqNYcyeBE7j9VZ9dpBmXuMMjOYdHeR5HaRRmFXL9gB75TGay5FJdNYkmg4l6o7lN3YqxySlj0amQ38v9rSXaOS7JpX3pdE47DPWsOIKG9XuKMD2vibdEdai61qVQop61JjpzIpK6MKK3T6Uq6mrN2qUXOXacTMpToUl6UEJGWDi0YXN1Myd4sCwg1tldlgZXSTYkk2IVn5OpecTimbofDUbMVcykN2hcrMKVN+XrVKCxtUVdqiWr6/junVUx431CExvruJ725GVC0dPT54jsRMaC0mNyTXTAnZTCJrgVbSXht/d0An/+uiNPVjf7fx/xYSXGNji+qRWw1lcBVUUn4aVXWNqq5vVG1Do+pIavWNDWpoalBjsw+k5lGnBkctAq1FzjVItAZRV6u6rlqVNVUqq6p00ssvrVBOcYUyi0h6xdVKKa5VYkm94lknsWXNSK/VJT3vnsNdTnguzTnBISmSfB+B0kNqrsxluQ/EXvP+706mGsjOGExe/xeCAmVnB2ujEV0U2Jkqv/As5d0ovW6dhdPWTQVOwUnkc8Jhdzbr9YnPJz3XVaVXB0p6td/udIaM7BaPu2EPUjIJ7uM9+ywF8v/dpKftee3eyQe2RCeyQpIWottV3utGSN5XA/yIfbWI0o6z8b8tV3gf4rP+fvuZ5gFLk9aJOYPSi/T2Tmype9zM35b4jlRQcvO9Jr0dfI+VttbvaYv1ffKTzd92i8OMaq1MKtai6Mt6+2gUibRD3x89V5968EXd8cM/60ejF2rqsQQtOJ+pBecytSqySJsTa7Q5hc+SiDZktiDLVpIQ5WVUkSZGF2s88/MWz1+NKNRr0WV6I75ar8ZVk9qq9Ro14JsI7+XkVj0fU69h0Q0aFtPkOji/YP35Ytv0VCSlboxdr9utF5KvaniqNDxFep7nzyX26Nn4Tj1F+nsirNalwydDKjQskrI3vk6vJTdqjI2YQi1nl93ZJXhLCpAdjwsu2zBV13w3C6JU5/ncHDlm8veU9G6NJ33a1Snjmc5kas0ZybWab8PGZ9SRvhvZcVHaVln6b3EDRkQjtIxuSscur3RMoQRMKG9WGukou7FHWcgmg3SV23LNHefLaOxGTM1KQGLRZSQyStBUO8ZGQoihjLQGZo3JEkMc00qs6+L/Pcq2Y4V8R1aLDW5QpxMp2dp8LkKTV2/Vy7OWac3REKXSQNNs2yclpjGPOYg00z5f0aR4GnjU5UJdTM/SuaQUhSSnKfpSlpIRYFZuCbKrVPGVWlUWIphiBFTaqgak11gJSLqplsTWgNCagDLVw+QGSKu5qUXNJLFmEllzQ5NaoQ06oLOxSd3QA71w1Z4jsS5or29Qa12DmmuRWW296qC2BnzP6ylHG+qRWkM931/Pd9QhSaOW7zRq1NRYjTSr1NBYqfqGStU1VACP9VWqra9GpNWqqq2hRK9RaXWtiiprlc8yzCmvU0ZZvVJttBRLx2VNiitr8aRX0c6OptNJy4TmjsGxXhIb2cH56JMeyc366Znc3AkN67biuq54Jzj80vPEZ9KzHdzfLj3rAD0YCM/7Iv+ZqUDh2WAAg0nPylu/+Ex6xhmTX3mPToHdAcvwbunoic87vtejQyX997TdR2KyDsn7eG4S9LOHdLbTEh3y2UBpuS69VutpROtJDhsolzYVtGprSSdlJSmvkvcjvr3VCI+kt4b3rM9qcENKHab0PIkMD1A+m/i257ZpIwlvUwZSy27RZkpW+9sercS1rirb+Ow7MYWadjxBr249oyFLduhnYxboX59+U/f+/BHd+v3f6l+HvqUh7+wgRTYyX2XMZ6XWJRZqfXyhNpL8tsQWaXtsiXbHl2tvQpV2xFVoc1y59lAe220t1/B7plzM0munkvTsgXD9ZOkufWn0En1q1Fx97q2l+smaU6S9Ar2R2OCu9X01uUUj4ho1PL5ZwxNaNdI6NCd0akhkkx4MrtGfL9brkYgWPRbdoSfiuqFHjxvxHkPiu/RkfIeetOt6KXGfMXnG1ZEaq/VCTKVGJdRqNHKddKlT0zOvUvZe4/GapsFUmJ7tDVE1h+Q3BxlO57kNaDDmUo/eSG7Xm0nNGsu8TiLpzaK8XXSpRquy60jDTTpMCjuI7M6R0o5fqVFGL+UtYolCdFElDTSaRqVRCuY0X3VdK9JJZ1nNlJitV0lgLSSJeh1OzFRuJ6VsdSvSa2fD7VJKk9eVwbo3xPN3HNNIIF0lNyAv3lt4zbrD2KjI9QrNK9Gp1Muav+2gXpqxVO/sP6ckSuI0tuGEolbXRSYbaV6qaFZ8QYWikV14FmVsaqouJCWQ7lIUn5Gl9NwC5V8pV3FBtcoL6lTN+q8rbFYD0mssIX1R3jZW8LyyRQ3VvF4DtZSRJLB+TFYkLgdiQljNNXVqhXborKlVN/TCVbiGeK5CD3RW16gdWqEZGTVCg8H7Go3aWjXVITZoqYcG3gstpLdmhNZUX6nGugpSaLnqa8sQZalqakp55Dmvm/TqeH9tQx2JjzIXyVbWN6mU31BQ3ajcykZllDciPbuRDzsGiC1tJn3bgKodrB/rq2cnIryzrRQR7t4gluqd9Eh9A4SHY2JY9oYnPnMRwjOc9Hwpzy898G7Q/t4Fdz1OeIGyG0x4A6QHA6QH58AvvQHi8yU+V+YiOzvG587mwkFkdwBsrDV7tNs8Gva3lZd2AmFDWo1WJ5brXbuuMxGSIKVM76ZXaW1OndblIcQrzciPdEbC3JjXrOVJZVqRVE6aIpkhmF15HUzL+ty1k9psmnWku0Yk1azVyVWadzFXo7Zd0B9nbtB3RkzXF/78sj7zxxf0WfjCgyP0pYdG8nyYPv6rJ3TXf/9BH/rJA3pwziqtScrXupQCrU8t0Oa0Iu1CfCcKmt0VKcEk0ZMI+kBcqbaHXNbmizlafT5D0/ZF6PmV+/WLicv1z8PG6p4/PqegHz+koG/+Cn6tux57Xd+evUW/3XROTxxJ0cjQYr2Z0IBQWtzwVqOS2jQy0UZa6dSzMS165GKt/nCqXL87XaHfn63WHy7U6f6QJt0f3qIHItv1YHSnHjYBJl3VM2nXNDTtqoaldulZpvd0bJ0eDy/Vo8EFeiqkmDK6Uq/Yrf4SWzU22bv/x/i0Xk1Mv+ZubjSDxDf7CsIrRHhIbwISHM3/bLj8N5ivMWzZE5IaND25TvPTarUi01JeA0m7iR1JlY4WN2rFxUThawUX1+s0ZeHF/CrFlzcpDVFlN/Uos7FLl+rakF670hsod6tpUGW1enT0RM3culfrz4YpAelltFF6kuJSkV5MVZtCi+p0Pq+CxxoaDdNrQnrtV5VSR0MkmSTSUGMox1bsP6URUxdrxZ4zrtNzamknZVo7jZjyl5SSXFir6OxCRWTkKOxSukJSkxSakkC6S1FKdrZy8gtVRPorZ1pVRfWq8QuvyKQHNP4Gkk8DUqivaFBdBemLhOSnrrJmAPXQUEnigmZoq6xSB3RVVqoHeisqddXw/d3l+387722t4jNVJDbk14T0mhBeM8nMaKnzaK03qnlehQQrSZ7IDrnVm+SqS1RTXaxqcNJzwqumFKbUpRRuaG6i5G1RHSV2Fam0tL5FBQg8t7LJkx4pL7Gk0R1ntZGnrf+jjVxtt+i0a2WTGtghITrrj+mk50t5fuG5qhLJOeFV+B5xi7sXsZOeJzxPev3C65eeT3wwmNhuRpCT3YB0x94XIiECwpkRIwxCIQQuMoPBcMG6HoAd0zP6kp6/xCVxnYDjjn7puSsykJxdenaANHfAHmFfYafXJ86OqyE96zu3iTS0CXlYibmF9LUlG3I8tpL2jI00rvXpNZp1IZ1ytdwNyb0xnc+QEO1ExDHK1jF7IzVqy3k9sXSvvkeS+rvfvqB7foLEfvgoIntEd/N4z48e1Ud/PkT/9PAo/ffLM/TnmWs1cs0hjd5xRpP2X9TE/cGadSJKa+JytT+/VhE0vCOs8JPs2ffnVGlT3GUtOhmjtzcc0VPTV+l/X5yif//Ti/rEDx7Q7V/7uW77xi91z/88oE/f/7y++vw4ff3VGfrBlBUaeThSy/gdk0mGQw/F6ol9URp6Ik2vhpdoTEK9xrCLnERp+RZieSm6Ub/fk6HnQhs05GyVXoyhZL3YoKeR3LOUto+F2Rh9TXo22ZJem4YgyCexjA1MMDSZUjiF8pdENjS+Xk8juadCS/RMWJmeo8wdgfBeSWzW63zPaKTn7sOBJCdneGPyzUB0Myl5p5H07K5t43l9PNKblHGVNEjpm9mleZTHi6kpl2c3a/2Vdr2TWqFXd5/XB3/yoIK+/hM9t3STjmSVsWG3u1v6Wdmaah10bZy1khpKpVpdomFlNdqoKyzjgnJ97Vd/1FPjpulcVoFyEV2Z+FzLVVfmRhTXOc7llOhMVqGCL5fqQm6xjlPGptW3KgpBpdW2KolS9d2DZzV80kIt2nJUIenlSi3uUFZFL6Ua4iOFxueWKyojX5Hp2YpKz1B0eppiM1OVlJOh9LxcXS5EeCVlKiutUiXzVlPegNgQHMmwkdK7Cdk2VTVCA1BaVtVBjQ/E5qjyQdry0YTMWqAV2qHTSa8KyVWrFyn2QHdVrbqYXmc1SbC6Xm0kwxaXDoGk6KCkdVDWtpDSHJS1zQ0IkeTWCA2kvXpLcqS9WqhxUM7yvzpkV9dIadxEEm3mN7VQqiO8Gjv7i/CKa5uVz2/MrmhUOss+mYSeYGduaQOus3VFmxKqOlzXlcT6HpfAk5GdJzwE5S9pSW/uUBqCc7Iz7LlfeFXILlB410mvX3iUzYFQ9g4muUAQHl8GdqYl2ie7AcIDk12f8Jg5T3g27l0nZW0nsutEdv0nMvxncK2Dsl1+5heelbeuxLUzuaQ5d61tQaeHk12710+OR8OuH1yXUqn1dt1hWrU2pVZpYzJ/J5RpXWxxHytCcrXkQqZGrT+h1TFF2pHZoD9OW6tvPj9ZH/rpE7qf9Bb0rd/pI794Wp9/cJS+8sQYfe3p8frnR98kwb2mH7w8W4/N3663tgdrEUlsI2lyD9998HKzDiCiXSTKjQmFWh5ySfNPxWnWsUi9veOkxu8+ra898ZLe3HJEOy+V6Mn563TXd36pO775c32cBv7xn/xZn/7lE/q3x1/Rz9+aq+FrDmjW2SQtCMvUvPAszY/K1SLK4A1XWrSvXtrHhrGF0nxGcrVeOpupl87n6lVS3jhS3lwS1njE9XJwpb4x47CGHMzTM0eKNTqmS68gu5fDKXfD6vXU+XI9F1XnTna8SJn6PKnrmdgqPRVVrqEx1ZTF9XrBlbM1eiG6RiOiajQcXoip1Qv870Xk+jIJ0KT3dlKHJiDOyUjPUp4bjBTZTUV+UzJJemA3GLLx9+y43xJYCsvzr2kpdaXdZnMiCXo4yzXozn9Q0Me+oifmrXedfE12pYjLjtUlk4ZCkFkoROeXKq2ywXWyjUNWZ9Ny9IEvflXf+f1Dii6sVHpdu4opi1NJepGUlqfT8rV49zENn75Qc7fu15GEDG0LjtKCHQeUWtOi8LxS95kUysxVCO/58fM0e+0+nYrNQ3JtukIjyCzrUFwWpWx6IWkuT7HpOYrPzFZKbrbS83OUVXBZOYV5ulxcoCslxSouL1c58qq2Y2eUfA0NyKEB2UEzZWBLfQOpCulYaWmJq5aUVVuFoIxKJFVBKiuHMo+qctJahVqQXyuia0NwHQiuE2l2ItAukm4nO4HO2hZ11LWoHdqgBZrrmhEcsjWYD5uHpkaPxiYgqTU2m8BInS0edVBrtHrU8LymuQGxQSPJ1E56NJFWmyjNkV1tYwulbQulbbMKmZfLCC+zrEFpJfVKIq2b9BJIe/GkW+vOk8DOLLG2i5TXg/D8V1Bc9YRHunPH6UxsTng+Ku1vT3aDCi9AfDcV3s1wIvQIcqLzEWX4ZHej8DoRXifC60R4nQpGcp7wOnSOPeRZOAOnKRNOwUnKzBPsQW30FJPeCYR3suyqTpZfQ3pXddSO5VlnX9KcpbyDdpIB6ZnwNl6qoYwtcRdP785vcxdULw+/rAVn0jRlb4SGLdypn4+crX/+zQv6yHf+pE98/yF99Y8v6dM/HcL/dukZ/v/lh17RR376uG7/7h91//S1emDmek3YH6lVMcVaG1+mVVFFiK1SOylvjxRYMhWSvqpDdob2Uq1WR+Zp/M4LepSU971h4/Qlys8HJy/XkDnrKE0v6t3QdK2PztHr6w9qyr4LOpiHRN7Zrvt+8ifS4h/0uQeH6buvTNbDizdq3NEwvZtUoLWXSrUqhe9PK9P6jCqtTuUxs0b7K6/pCJH/MMJbz3LYQSN8MzhX/zVnu360aL+mIK2pCU2aGNOgkceu6MuvrNcXX1ytccGNGnGwUIsRz48XnNbfvbBEP3nnjH6xPlifHrNCQ85lIK9yjUquIMEVILZivZ5Yq5cQ4HMR5ZSwdXotql4vRyPBmDoNRYTPJtQhvgaNim/SmPhWTUrs0JSULu9m41lXSXaQYbeb7NQsyuMFl3q1BOktR8hLEOFCkt5i3rMws1vzL7Vr9Ll8vXY0VUHfeYCy/Xcaue6IjufQUNjDE+LFZqDcxk7FXSnXJUrAK83dokhQESVpMilq9cGTCrr3E/r0f3xXj786ViOnztOCLfsQY4Wy67u0cOtBfeJr31PQXR/Th7/yLX3+ez/Rff/yDX3913/STsQXmV+mvNarSqtq1ZqD5/T8uLmaumK7DlxMU9KVZlGFKrO0Q+HJBYpIRnZpeUrIuKzUnDxlFyC4smIoUn5pgS6XXAFeq0B6lIflTbWqbkMg7UgPGtsQXmuDmptJWaSq5jrKThNcoNyqS0l1xWqoKqKkLaTsNYqgRHXllJvllJ3l1VCrRhJkEwmymXlvrW1XW32n2in726AVWuxsMKV/Y2O7o6GxDVF51DUDCc2obW1TbRtJzWhvV43rjNyhmq5Oh3VOtn57VaS6SoRtx+5qEWcdAq2HWmRahVjLEV4xwrtS2agchJdRUqeUololWadk65zsO4PrpFfdriTWT3Kjd/mYDRZg/eyc8KxkdcKDCh9OeJ7s7C6Jdm2/43rhQYJR6+ENGf/euVF4EGkMEJ5PduBkV9GB7Dp8srPRjTt01gb+hNNwysmuXceL2nWsyKTX2Se8UwjvhAmPhHfIkh1b/QEeTXhW1trVECtiCjXxSIxGbDypRxdt16/GL9f3hk/Vv5DOPv2TIfrgN36v2770EwV94lsK+sg39JF//52+9cCruuPLP9PXH3pVPxg6UQ9PXaO3t5/XysjLejcqX2vjirSNlLj/cguC69Kxwm4dziNRXqqnFC3V4jOX9OKK/frpqNkIbqK++eRoffLnT+jOb/5an/rZY/res29rZ3KZDtNYT5EMDmRU60BmtU4WNGvOsSgdKWzWmvg8zTwTq3lhqVqZWqANeVXaStzfSIxYl1ulXaWtOsIe5yBpeGe+levVWp9a6crwJZSzqxDtstQaneiUXjuZqnseel33Pva2Zic3aPT5Ak2NqNHI/Rn6xmsk1q8N0Qub03TPL8fplX25+sxT8xT0yR/p71+Yq1+vOanPj16ksWnILvay3kgu0sjIXI0Iu6yRYVf01MkMPXwgWSPOF+vtmCY3CIIlvKfjajQkoUbP8jgSGb6FYCfy/0kJLe5OcOMR2LiMdk1MbdU0yuI5Cc1aTOpcShJcivwWpXRqXnK75iPDeakdmkVSHHuxRNMjK/SLaVv0zRdnadrhOK0LzdLFPK8USiepZVY3K620Vtk85pPsCpFeenm9Unlt7IIVpMN7dcenvqigO+7VR//5P/TTPz+t88k5yiS1PfjC6/rg5/9NT7wyTiOnzNO//+z3Cvr45/Td3z+sbWfDFH65RJebe5Ve1aZ1h87rhXHzNGHRRm0/Hq243HqVtyK84jZdjMtVWALJ7lK+UrOuKCuvUIWlZaqwbhrVFSqsZDplhcouvaLcSgRYX67ClhqVdjaooqtRVZ2kpA7k10ZCaqlTfWON6uuqVM9n6xBeHbKrQ3bu2BnCq0Z2VRUFqoSK8kIoUSXJsbLMK5erEEpVebOqKRNrqzrVUNuN3K6qpemamqGJ5NTY2MP3dJPIukhhXSQ05AVVTR2qbO5wnZTLW6AV2jpV1t6lsg52KF097FR6VdFzFa6pvLNHZW0dKiXRldY1qhwqoQZq65oc1ciuEspImkWkzjzWTxbCu1RUQ1KuVmJhjeJ5Hldc6/owJrBukmrtJFK3S3pW4loHY7saxhMe4jPBDQDB+QcZvonwnOwCcDeBR6KDyW0w+oTnl12f8CCCBR0Odo8KT3gdCK+DdNeO8Np1Htk54ZW2IzsoaddpOInsTriBQNsQi4nPpGclbjdQ2iK7owjuMMnu0JVO7cpugmbtymnWdkrJ8Qci9bO3Fzt+NWGFvjlsgj79q2f14f9+WB8gJXzsew/qX38/Qj96aoL+/Lr1nt+scauPafS7h7U2OFPbYgp0KKtOB2F7cilCK9DejBqtDsvRjIORGr/9gl5ZdUT3j3tH33x8jD7/6+f0dz9+gsdh+uf7R+j9lL9Bf/8tve9rP9cXf/+cfvbKTD2/dKd2pVboWF6zTl5p1UGS2b60Sh3NbdC7Ienan1OHXLO0NaNCG9PLtKeY31Paop0lzdpW0KAtNjRPcav207i2ZdkwPU06Y52YM+u1F8lTFbrO0VttaKzcVs0mgX6H+bv118+7u1K9dSpbs6Kr9caRLD2w5DSJ6Wm9uCVJn31kpj7+4GR9a8wG3f7713TLH1/Vv0/boMePxmlafrNGxuXrpbgrei40W+OzGvX0mQw9ujteD2+M1CObYzUVWb0V16TnI6v0dEK1nmQHMDStQSOS6vVKRKVeP1+iN0LK9AbfPTqlQeOy2jQ9q0MLMjq1HKmtSmzTOzGNWkZKXHupS1sKhOild/n/2twercrg9+b3ag2/Yd7JNG2NLtIFdoiHM0p1PqtUSzfv13f/90/69Fe/rW/89Ld65vXxGj17iUZNnq1zCel64e2pCrr7Y6S8Tyoo6C595Av/qkeef02nIlMUQTn77Z/+Qd/71YM6HBKv2NxSjZ67XF/8zx/pfx54QudSchSdV6aC1mvKIHFsOBKsERPma+y8tVq3L1jBCUUqJE2ns9MKY2cVlXRZyRkFysgp1OUrRSopK1cVwqukHC0lqRUir3zKz1ye55DesuuRdEOdIwcu19chwjoV1derlLKw0nUAbvFoMRCYXdHQ0oSQGlVBCVneVK8Ke691GCahVZPaak1kSI2qFLEJsYmyWWKyqqXR1tDAqxFHVU23Ku0KDyhDLiWkwGIorLNSvVV5cLmebasBmHZOU7tykaANLnC5rUd5Hb0e/J3H//Nqm5RHGV0IZdUNfAcC57V60l0d5XMt06pmmmWkvMKKBuWyQ8ooqlJqQaWSIP5KhWJ5dNKj7E2saVMyqTSp3k5k2IjH3UgLAoQXZ5LzU+WNpO6wMfaMmms3ER6J0WR3PU5+NycoUHQDhdepCOgXXodPeO2e8MraEF6bzpW2Ibw2ZNeG7IAGfRJO2OVFTnie9I4Vdvjo1FGwlGXSs8etaTVaE1usLanV2gyPL9im+yhHP/OH5/WDl2fq1+OW6bE5mzR661ktOpWqtWF52pVYoYNptTqe1SyqM6W0SAQQSnJpe0y+Jm87pddX7dWzc9boh8+N1Rd++YQ++K1f67av/kQf/OZv9dmfDdE3H31TP31xpv7zybH61wdf0c9enq0hszdRur6rP05YrvG7grWTFLbLxilLKCYNVukU8j6S06jdKeXaZl1QYq5oF88PkvxmH4tG4M3IrJ7yvEVrKV/nhaRpfsglLY3I1rsxeZTSeXoH8a6JzFcC87szBdHM366JlOqvbDqjYEqsR5fu1U8nrtLPp2/QByjbFyZUafzZHDfw4+TzV/TagRR98DevalFso+YjmqBvPaYH1wXrd2vOKuiB1xX0y2H65bZgPXImVSMSS/UqyXZoeD5lbZHe/8JMBf3wOQV9+1n93cPT3NDwE+1ERmiJnk6s0lP8tmE5TRqRZpepFevFY1l68WSORlws0KvMx9jsFs3J69KKnB69k9ispcFlmnUwU5N3JfG7yrUn/6o2Z7Tondgybee9B0jSq6IKNOdwrF5bsldPjF6so9nV2oFYNl+M1w9+8ZA+/Pdf0U8feFIf/uK/IbX3K+ieT+juz/yTdp0K0Yix0/SBT35BQR/4qP7nN3/W0vU7dSosUceC43T0Qqy+9r2f6ye/f0y7T4SKTVPn4jP1yIg39NunhiuhsEpRuSUqaLmqLIS35VgoIl2sMbNXafmW4zoemkmDbVdqXr2iUwqUcKlAl7KLlZNHGVtYorKyMlVVV5JuqlWJyMqwTlF9oy7XNpIY65VIEospqVZUcbWii6oVAzbiiR2TzKhBNsirsO2qG42EIseji3K965oKO6+poPOqCjquqoj/sw8QBZOqoJb38VG18N5WHqlOSXFCblIp5V9JWZeKyzqhQ0UEjgLaYT5RNReyKSftgv80SuEUkw7zkkAJGl9lI7Y0Iw3Kzdo2JdR3kLw6KTkpO+0YJ/9PLatTOr8nt7RGRRV1qqxuVD2prhHRNTa0QTslbpuqaltUUtlAmV+jrMJKpV0pV1J+meLzShXDYyzLPZ5pJfJ9yXV8T10nsulCUCY7oJz1BhxGYjZisjGY7MAuI7xReIGyIz3eFP97+kF4nUjOjwmv08nOL7y+lIfsnPSc8No84VGinYOzJa0IrxXZeZxCdifhBLI7XoDw4OiVNh3Jb9NhOHIFaVDGHi/q0cHLbdqRXqdxu0NJOw1aF1+iLz34su74zz/o4VkbdAaBXWTPZoOLbkmu0BlK4gu8tuRsmmYfitEEytZX3z2gZ+Zs0INjF+nHyO1/nnlT3x8ySv8f0t4CPKqrbdueuitFihW3Fiha3N3d3d3dLRBcEhJcQwIhEIi7u3sm7u4JXjn/e02gpX36fO/7fX+O4zoms2fPnm3rXNe199praZpI5K3fllq/DOObjoPpMmUls3YbsPu6PcZO0Zx3iMLYOY57UtAdFIDFWd0V4N6WiHk7PJcHyoXl/Y6zHARnOShqFHofqWmtU55InC2R+SvE5RVyxj6c1ecf0HL8UgzcY7mvLcXAKx5D7wSuhWXhkPcb5vGlrL5gyaKTdzgm7mvidgOOWPgxZacRg1cdYfKei/w0dQP91hzl4+6TmHrCjBO+aXwycA5rzH05HpDNrbRfMYgQsHpnUGfKZqYa2bHcPEgANpvltjEssI7kR3G7Hy/ezyy3RKa4aJkuEXZpWBFLgwsYZxeNZt5eNC3HiYMdw1cD17NXoLnZv4i5TolMD8hgenwRC5LLWZ1YyUZxfJvdM9ko4Fvvn816gfOm2BJ2RxajF5jPKQHcKZsk9t/w58ANX9mfCdwIzmPzDUdGbTnJ8A1HWH/Rgvl6F/i4ZS8adBjGL4NmYxKcgFFELLuu3uXzb5oyeeYqAuNzxKWFMH7Bat6t0ZBaLX7GPUyLiZULQyfO5rNajVm4ehvBMelkqD7ewpPwD0tk7JSFAslPad2pL3pnr2ArMJy1cjOtug/E4M5DXCMSiSsQEAjwzBz82KRnyOZDRugZmOIqztcrLJOQOHEo4jijtTloxRGmpGWTkZmjA15+fp4ATyJmmXJlEvskbieKmwrNrsRTXLt9bD62Ivv4QhwTi3FOKcPl9aNubunluGeU4ylO3ydfdaLwkoDS33Ty1+lX/FXMK/1d94ywGqRcThMSxXWmyLmWJoATA0WmJIHMPPlfKvb0HIFk9q+kSnlIEYImSZpKEMWL2YgR4xEp5TEkq0IAXIZ3erFu0B1XkYtEThfVfCezVMptuSS0SjEvT6RMP8UrR0yDTPeT+YJS8ohKKyApq5gcgWWxRNjy0qcSp1VD6ufiOp9LxH1CrsTadAFeQnoeManZhCdnEZyYQUBiJoECQHXHPTS/gnCBa5hAL1Q1MlcdD/wJPAGYlCs5Lf9ThW8kn+ug9zbwqmFXDbx/Au5/1j+A9wZ6/+by/gKeuwDPTYDn+hp4zgI7HfReA88h45/Qe4JVShWPJA5aJlUK/MTxpT0XJ/gr9yVmPUisYqb+Te4J8Ix9knm/w3C+6j2Z8eK0TFXvr+E5HHeMYOSOM8w9fYelRhY0GLWAphOW0mnBVibsNZBCZs0VXy22Ultfco9g84W7NOgzhrajZ7Pm5DWW6BljYOWHrTg2G1mmuYDVxDcVE4lY98MLeBxfgUV0CXfC8qTQZomjyxI4V+EmJ54C1kNZd1+JFzbiUi0EduYCukfacqxl3R0E3nYpz2g8fAELT5gINAskMlsyfNNxfpqyhkmyHavPP6S1xOUuMzehL6D7qtNo+i7YxdedxlC3z3S+7zeDngv3MOfobVqI21x91R7PJ1BnzDJmGT7gdrLsS6nl1fi852R9Wy3dR4sl+xh4+Ab1F++VaJrPas9k5jnF0dngEUuD8pnqlsIYh3hmemexIkxialQFMz3SqT1JoPdxX4nss9ngmMoq11Rm2cUwzTeZqdHZzInJY1lkPpuD89ntl8sWr3RWeSaxKiCdtaFZbAvMYrt6LO6IOT+P3cxXrcfwQcN+/NBrBj1mbaJh/yl82KoHmi8b0G7MTHZdNKN1//HUavILH37elN23LTkeEsqqM5cFVt8yc+5GnIMSEEMjgEqmVY/BdB48jqiMYtIELnuOnad2k7bs1TdEDA9/iJKzytCmFLJj30lZxmfUqNdSd+Pig2/qo/miDp/VbcbUZRt0wzaGpBYQny+VlGswu09eYaueEbuOXsY3MlucYhQBkVlEJ0pMTS0kWSJZhhAmOzuP3Nxc8vLyxFmVVD+7WvEr6XIOROa/EthV8ihCKkepCG4E5HJLNTCPKMYspgwTSSw35Dy6IufRRUkBl2WfXYvM41ZcEXcSyriTVC6qwFRkJrKQZT1OljIj55BLipSxpGd4JzzBN76KgLhKQrVPiEx6TmzaK7QZv4l+JS79pUTx5+KunhKR+oRQKWNBaVW6sYA9BbjOatCjBDmvtZI+4qXy1uZhkZCPRaK6jl3Eg5QSSSNlqNEDrZJLsJV5HaTScY3Lwj8hR5ZbIA5O4nZ+pcToJ5SVPpN4/UKnEgGgcn+ZOUUkC/DiUrJl/TIISUgnUEneqz7+lLtUwAtXFYTEbtWJaHBBNfBCBHiyy/7Uf8JO6Y3Dq4be/527+3dp/AVoOskK+QuBlXS9H7zWn+BTTu8tl/c29JTTc5HaRcVbZ6lpnF7LUWoeFXHVRX5bORjWKQI7dQ1MYqFD1kscpaa6F1usG9F+wm5DLngncto5Unej4MMOQ5mudxmn3N+4FZbNhhu2dF64lS5LdrDuli2H7IMwDEjEKCiZ057RHLTxY8c9Z4m9NuwydeS4tR/HHvtgrS3GIbmC01b+mIvbUt0JOQh0b/okcdk9jp3X7DhnF4aNRDlv2eEukjkc0p5xwz+N66KrfikCwRzZvt8w9tByUuY1Cclh1x1Xhq47ypA1Rxi79Qz3o4uZffgafQREl31S+KzLaFYZPWTHbWe+7TlRB8LhG45Rf/BsbklBGLXpBGO3naHVuGX0XrIHY88EdovLnbTvAkM3n2T0TgNOucVJrF/CSAHmYXG012Vfmcm6PRS3edQnkaP+KRgKvGdct2PaLUc+F5h+tXA3/S/asCWyhM3RFawIKmBlaDFrI8uYJI5vkTjFIfvMBXh90Hw/jFWW0Sy2j2O+azxLpWJZIYVypnM0fU9b0GS5Pt9N2cJ307fSesMpxolzW+MRzybHaNbd8aHLjN1832kaXSdt5suOY9HU/FngUxfNu3XQ1GqFpmFb+s5fw0EB3II9x2naebB8/hXT9x7jmG8ge24+5KMvm1Hrh8607jGS/YYmXLF0o+vwKfzYewRWXmHiqP5gw97jfFqrCet3HiFTnEKFkDFP3FFh+e88svWiZ/8xfP5dIz78uj6N23bj/RoNZB0+o17bruw6fQGvmFRCBWaPPEI5ct6E3ccus/f4VYFdJE7ecQQL5GMSC0gUS5WaWSSRsVgKuri6wmIp2MVkFZaSJG4lKrcKP1WZy7liGl6EkW8u+q4ZHHBKY69UHHscU9jtmMQuxwR2SEWzQyqF7fYxbLWLYpNtJBtsIlhvHc56ed0g7zfbR7PNMYbdUkkddI7nmByfs64JXHRP5qY483s+GVj6Z2ETmIN9SB5OUqk5S2XnIk5byVkqJccIcZcRedhIInksx+9heDYWETncj8zlXlQed6PzuSO6Jf/fEOhelelX5PWKbnCmAq6Krsu0W+FZmIamYxGail1kBp5xOYQmFxIvzi9V3GC2uOoCcWqqc4TCkqfkSQTOltiaJhY0MTWHGHF44eLwghNEEmtDBXhhEqUjFPBUrFWP/glPQsThVY+j83fg6aD3N9i91mvg/XXtrhp6/7+BFyAr87ZUB35v9AZ8f4u3Aj2P3GrwuQv4VL9nb+Sq03OdVJ9oTlnPdO7PPr0KOwGfasbiqp5IyP9N3FIhwU9h6n4jdt5x5IRtELX6TkLTqjcTdp6R+eV7Ak0TqY3vaQu5l1jE1Yh0jEOSuCm1l4VEi7sSH25pC7gZK7WoxAsziZQWyVXiHCsFqKXiyl7iInHgWkAa6y4+ovnoRWi+bcmA5XuYIDF4+NqDDFy2W5yXF+4CYtVt9xmJnedsQjksEBqybD+ftB0iBXwjmjo/s+z0XSbsMBCAHefgAz9q9JnCLwt2sPCUKU1HL8bANVYK9secFXB4SizRfNqYeSdus+ueOzX6TeGkcwQDJe5N07/CEuP7Et9H6trpTTp4gdVXHkvcf4qedSB3BXA77rpxTdymsyzHJvdXTOKLZdvTOeufxJmAZM4Ep3FOTthj4iJ6HbrESIHsASkMi2zCWC+FZktgLpslsm+MKGKohY84v0w2P4jh3e+GCvS6Mu+6FwttIlkmcN8iv7c1PJ/hJy2oMXg5n/Wdz1cjlqNpP1pi8CBaLj3IwjvurDP1ZtV5Wz5rNZL36/bhqGUIW2XfdZd9oPm4KZp3vpf99BMtR89h0fFLGDhKZROSQL+ZsiyJn91mL+W0RyBnrbxo8vNQPqz1I5r3aqH5qA7v1WnFpz+05YdO/Tl8wZTo7Armr9st7q0WE+etxj1YS5JEsJySV+SK4pLFxTj4sm3/Seat3MrYWUuo27qT7pqfuqs7YclacY0J+MVnYuMTwZmr9zl05jp6p29w09wFXynk4XESy8ThKeCliavJkbhWUFwphbuKgtIqktU1sLRiHCX6moVmY+yXhb5HJtud0lltk8qihwnMvicO2SSMybeCmGoSxEyzEOaahzHPIoyZpgFMvO7JyItODDa0ZYihHcONHRh92ZkJ19yYesOdOTc9WHLLkzV3vNlxP4DDVmGcc4jhiquW6+4Juqd1rkuFq3TDK4FbUmHf9kvmllR6N+T1qry/5JWIsUhdH74SmMm10Dyuq7E0wgu5EJqPYVCunDPZnBSIHhcd0ymTE77pnJZK2tBbliEV6e2AFB6GZeAYnSNOs0DcYylxUs5SJP5mFT0nR+CXK84vJ6eMTKkgUsUVa1NyiUrKIixRlJpHuETiiIJKIgV2kSXqOuFLwoQloYUCnkKBlbi3fwIv5D9gVw28kH8A769rcr/KMv9d/wTdG2kCFOxeAy9Qp1cEFr/RrzqpXmB14FNuT9dcRbk9Ad/rvvRVn/p/V/Vd3T/b7eUq+Cn3J9E3s0rXtMVLVlgNeKzu9Co3uO2mFSM2HJIDF0ftPuP5vNMQxm09JhG1TEApUJNa2FLZ8PQy7kmUMc8o4X52OffzKrmTXsI1OTCXBXhXYgWK6S+wlZ3lLBHQTnbk/RQBRWyF7gQ45RLDiK0naDRqru5GS4BElKs+sfRfso3us9Zx+pEvPaatZeTy/XSdsIqxK/SYuO6YFMbGnHwYwC8zNnHSOoTvek1GU7cjk/dfZN6pO9yJKsBUYu47bQez9rIV3/Wdwr77Xhh5amkwfB6HBeR7LX3QtBvAYWeJc+JEr8bm4iFu5ahnFJcjMzkfmMR5P4nl2S8k2mt1tfNV/2TMBGh2GVJp5L7CWl0mkArDuUS2K61Cd2PkekIRl7VF7JF4pifzG0tMWvHQn3kmbky/5sha1zj2CMwWeMez2DeR3bZaGndaKJBpR++tlyTSxrNFnPB6qRBm33SjTv8lfNV0LFO2XdM5uWknzPnolyloOoyl/fzdUmk4sP70I4msP/NOzV/YJ7+13T2MUbsNBGj1JFK25JMOQ9h03ZoDjzy5ESqFM0TL2E0SpT/9jtajp3E7KI4rLmHMWK9PfXH079VrL99rhOabJnzepKMsuyE9x87Bxj+O/Qa30HxQg5/7jsZFgKeVwucbnoKNRNQIiWF3H7niE55EukQn3+hUDE0esGrvEd6v04jRC1ZI4SsiQgqme1gCxuI29Q1usu/YRa6bORAYkUGUNr8aeHIepedWkCeupKhcolvVK13fdjE5FTgLFG8KXI6II9tiFcMyyzhmWmgZb57ISDMtw+/EMdQkmmEmUYwyi2HC/TimPkpgplUCUx7EMtYsjOG3Ahh8zYchN/wYKVAcfy+MqQ+jmPs4hqU2cayzjxeIJnDANYnjHikY+KRyyS+NS76pXPSR4yoJyEh0UdbjakimOLZcbscUogZJVw3zr4r7uyRguxiSzwWhh7FQ43xQEWcDCgRqeRzxzuaAgHqPWzo7XVPZ7pLCNuck3Q2x3U5a9ovTPOIcxxmPBPnNZEyC07GMzME5vhC/lFIis6pIFKOTnifgE7ebK/slN6uUzAyJthKB45JzJdrmEJFWQKRUHFGFT4gufUFU6SsiSn6VaKtgpGAn0BLghQrUVC/Wb2D3N0n5rdYb4FVDL/RP/aZb1n/ATv3G/0GaQIGdTgK7ICWB25seSv/swK/4t2rwyQL9xZK+AZ+vAM3njQSCqt2eTsoNqnkEkqrbZ+UKVRTWxeDcJ3jJ76lRotRzlcFVcC9CoqN3FA0GTeRuWCqNBk+mTq/RTNlxHKt4sezi4B4m5GOTIfDLf4KNQO6B7FBTqVmuJ2ZzRSuKz+VyfIGArxTznN+xLQMr2WHmmWAcVsJRiQl3Eqp0/fVN1b/Kp91HYhqdiYU2B0v57qgNB9A06sis3WcEbg2YvvkE3SasZK3+bR4EZNKs/yzq9pjE9it2uug7eO0ROszZzB31SJtNMCO2nWap0QM0bQex+Nw9dt/zYP0VaxafNWPtVSsepFSw18oXTZeh6HtGclYcqm2lAF+Ad1cK8AnfGMzU42rPwF4qiPuyLQ/lRLNPVdcWczGVGtdC3Ovj5BKcpcLwKP1Ddx3mUkgyd5OKeSTfuRSVzYrbdrResBVN675o6neW9RlC733G7BYnuCehkIVqGD6baAZNP4Tm/Z+oO2YdW/xS2SeV0UJxtd1WKLh3pEG9UewxdGGfuD9jcYl9lugJjCSy/tCHpXombDltKfO15r2aXVkmrnSzvxRccasaTUM+bN6fdjM24FDwBxdlve8mF3HKI5g5JwxlnZrww6AxPApP45ZHLPpmbnSbvIruk1bQoNsoPm7Sme87DhIY1xSX2JozpnaYOAWi+bweXzX5GfuAOGJlf125Z8/BU1fwEZguWLWDmxaOSBkkQVxFculz4ouq+Kn/MGas20rak191YzUEacX13LPlmMEN9h4x4ra5EyFRmbo4G5MkwMsoJT1fCrIU0oLK3yh6+odE6t8JzpRjEJbJcYnya+4GMEvANe5mKINvRtHntpZeJon0MU2i/71khlikMupRBhNsspjmkMts5zxmOmYzzS6DSdYpTLRKZoptKjOdMpnvnscynyLWB5ayM7SCQ5FVnIx5wrmYSoyjyrgUWSzuTCry0FyBWBZGQRmcD87gYkQu18Tp306pwizzheiVbpjT2ykvpfKT80CWcT6sgjOBJRzzLkTPI499bjnscsliq1MGG+3TWGubzCqbRFZYJ7DKKp611rFstIllu10s+xzj0XdL4Jx3sjjFdMwlIjvEFeGbUk6kJLXE7Kdk5DwR4IkDFgeem1lGenoxiSmyH1NUp6FFROeUE1Oknol+RXTZb0SWqgGdfiNcB6nfCROo6YD3Wv8OO1GxksDxTwnsRGqAqP8XaYIEPjoJ7KoHy1V6qwfSUgFTiRz0N+AT6Cnw6bqSUvATwCkAqv91EVi+r7p3Vn3eB5ZWy1+ih2+RisNPJQ4/wU/yvBpHIKRKqF35B4/iMnkQlcq3vwzinL0Pg5dv5aMfu7P31mOsBUZeUqs4Cezc85/hJctyF3vsItbaWZbjJLIteMaj7CfcT1cXgct0F4ZNJJaqPu/uJj/nluoVJTJfYPeKRxlP2HbXUSLzL2w1tcYsJl0AUkXvZZtpOmoGa43NqD9wksSwEHbdsOWsXTDhAuZt123RfN2SfQKyxxKXDz7yp8fyffRcsZ9RuwyYdfyWrrnJ3gc+Er/zMY8v4UpAKkZeWm6GZ+uAt+6mDXVGzWbbAzduJxViJlHhQmQ6d1KKuCMO45JA8IJfnDjFTIny5TyQSPFQIBYrUHTOqGCt0R1mHDzHxN0nWH5efs8zjEcStWwl4j1MLaHf+v2820lg0WEQ4/cb0WraGomjQ9BIbOy++TjzHnmwISSRvc6xLDlgJm6rPR91mcJeKUhb4/MYctqUr7vP4N0vu9Gpw1z0TPzY5BDKaXETi89aoKkpUfHzn8T5rmXL+UfUbDOU977ryNg9Bmz1CNWNX/tVuxECxR40m7KGox5xXBBY382SwhcQyXozAWLDRnzWpReXXENwz3wux7ecufsvcVvilKlvEjfFpS49aMyXbXqj+aoJm05exzIggZpt5b24PqP7TrqItXy7PjOXbsVXKssZizcyavoSzB19SVW9pRRLgTd/TIdhY9hx1pjI3GIyBXqqI8sHDl4cPGHMGWMTLB67EyaVnnJ3sRKNE6Tgpsg5miHnV1b5b2RKhZQo57+nFPRbgRkcsIliyW1/pl4PZMzNCIbejmegaSr9zdIYcDedwebpDLdIZ4ylglsWM+yymeuYw3znXBa45LLEQyoc11wWq74JBULLRau88tjkV8ie4FKOhFdyOuoJhlECvIgyiaHFXAwW16bGGxErdFWi6TWBoOra7Ja2Utez961kNQbJM6nwn3JRDb8Z+YTTwRUc9S0RN1fIbgHuNsdcNjvksME+h7X22ay2y2KFbSbLbDNYZpPOconlKwWAa2yTBIaJMn8Ce1wS0HNP5LRA76qcHxaRebgklBCUVkmcQC9NoJcnqa1YdYCaVUmWlM8UORfjUwuJlYojLlfmE8cdK/sxpvx3osTgqNHrIgRW4eLWwgRm/wq9/4CdfPYP4IX9KQHov+ifkHtbOuCpbl2CBXiqnYzq3kU3MrgoTA52mDiJUCVZWR345EsKfLruXZQkk+tedY5Q3WL/jWAheoh6nESpQr5TLp+VChSLn+ErNlcNnhJSKfNWCBxLn+GSUYhdUjbf9x7KRuNbrDl3VZxAK277R+MoJ6J6+FjdQQ5Syy7/g6CyaoWLG4p+BeHP5XNZx8fq+p6/lgvesVzwieeceyTnvWK5G5ePgzggD9kes7hszgkoNE3aMnDDbox8w3HIr6THik0svXCb0x4htJTCM2rPCaboG7PquiUPBD43BT6Tj1zingDVTFuCXZ64yJzfdNcK1TCVDrm/Yyqx8UZYDhYJ5XhK5AwQx+EvhUaNA6IuChvJOp0XGfsncEcikoU4tMdSqh6mlmIhLuNhonpyQ1xsahmP43KxiEjnlsRtNfThqjPX+KrzAGr1FqC06MjnXfuzwugGboVPsZdYYewdzifyuabBT9TsM5aHcQXcEFe35ba9bGsPNN93ou3a/WyLSGa/Vzx7b3sLwH5B03wIewTKqyU6/rxJ3F2NjtRqNpLBIzex674v0x+7sNEjjP0C/o9bC0w/acV7jXuyQVxrd4HauzXaM2jlPg64hzP3nKlUCm2kMunPtkd+7HeL4UhAEpfFPRlExrPbQSqahvUFwJ3ZYWLFXYlku0w8aD12pRzrDK55JnBNXJ+BdQCnH3rRecIS5uw8zT3fePpMXyHLbsy6oxdxj8lmzPx1jJ61ioDYHOau3ikwrMuCjXsISy/ELSqRYXMW03/GXK47uOAZn0KWAC8qPR8Xv3D2Hj6Libktdk7+RMS8Bl5KIdos1QXSM5KKX5Io53K8nO9h+a+w15Zx2TeDPVbRArwgZt4KY4pE2An30hj/MI+xojEPchhrkcX4BxlMfpjBjMcZzLXOYJF9Jiucc1jjkc9mvxI2+xaxyaeAjZ65rHfLZL1LGtskZu7zyeNooMTPkFIMgkswDCjivG8+573F3fnlC3SKuBlWxm2BoUlMlUTZKm5Ei9ONLJcEU8q5oBJO+peg71Msx6KQnU55bLYTwFkJ4EQrrXNZYZMnoCtguX0hyx2KWO5YxAqnIlY6FbDKKZc1Tlmsd0pno1MKWyXq7hLoHXIXpyeR+nZoNtYSnX2SxOWlVZGSqYD3nFIpV8UCvlw5j1UP0AlpJcRnlhOf94R42Y/xwoBYKbOqW/8oKaMRAq0IgVi4At4/oSfv/5QOdG9LIPmnqoEX/qf+HXw6CcfeliZYQKIbc1KApwYvUUOxhakPdW2DZOUkGoYryf86+L0G35sxKt9IuUE1mrjqFia8Qr4nzi1CHFykKLxK4ClwC5aoEVjyRGD4nLAq+c1y1TapAs+cIhxTsuk6Yz6Ttu3j2AM7PmnbVQpAsCznd1J53Uuukuw4Nf5onIAkVl5VT7VqNKwgiXnRAkbVF5qPWO3HMRm4ZpRwzSccq4QsnLKK8Sp+KtE4i20mEj1bd6DF5DmsuHxbDmgoK2/c41psKs4SY/a7+EoNJ3L156B3KDfSijCR2n+vRCsH+Q2rgl9xF5i5yn6xTHuKZcoTHqeJy0x9ilOeOFaBoKm6CxaQwq2wLKxTq7BNf8KdiGzuRuVyX6KptbgGY48oFhy/yg9Dp4kras/nHQfylTi0wcu3ccMrUtd9jnlwIlO2Headpj/TeMh4puw6TOeZi2X+lrSZOJObwdFYSWWx9NQFNLWaCNhaMmPXSVySy7gbmsaNwCSa9ZXlf96ad34ZzhRza/b7xrHrrhcftxnGhy2GMPeKFas8w+m3VyKnpj6fN+hHt+Gr2OYQzOyAYNaHxbLDIYAGfWQ5H7dE81lTlt+wZMLW47xbsz1dJq1k9WV5v9+Yb/tPp+OyvRwPTOOAOLZd3nGciErjRISKTFZSkdUWYLei1+rt7LP04aRjHA2GLmbU5rNsve7Aw5giLnvEyzngTT+J5mtOm3DLM44thmbU6DCQb9r2ofuEhTSQfTVz9R4pWM/xisrAyMwGG4nVMRJpfZKy0Lt6m5NmFngkpBCSmUeqnGuRabn4hsdz5KQxVvZeuHuFEiXpIlaAHJtaRJzEs7j857KMl7oBhILzXuGZ8VzXXMnQK4Ndj2NZZhLK/DvRzDVPYe6jPObZlTHXtow5NsXMscpn7uMcFlhns8Q2mxV2maxzzGKjcxZ7BUbLLGPY71/Ifr8C9nhmst9b1tMvhxOBBZwLLeViZCXXop5yNbSSizL/RYm7FyWSGrnnclleDV0y5f9smZ7PtaBSqUTF5cn8VySCGAZVcNKvDD1P1Ti9iC0OBRJTBXCPclkq67nkcQFLZR2XO5Sz3KmSFS6qI4qnrHZ/yho5mde4l7HWrYh1bnmsc8lgg1Mymxy17HCKE6eeyCX/dCzCc3GV5BKaXEFShgLeC8plH5XmviBfElampJCk9DISxPElSMWh+hjUCgvipMyoMqraGUaKEdABT+kN9N4GndLboJP5w/6UMEgUrpNw5v9BGtWvf6gAL1TcnbqoV01FsZ4CNwUXNbyekg58Mk0HPt0PV2dpBUAl5QbDBUgRsoFy3HRjkkY/lQ0VRQtEIqsEpKpDxrKnAsTnRD4R4JU9wTe/RCeXtGxm7D5Ij9kLuerhT5NBozhyz4oMgV2eKF6WpwAXK7+dKK+SEInOlZMypVLXp5lvgsQCg1sMmb2Ck3ceEVXyFMe4ZPrPW8Se67dwy8jBp6AEm6R0jjyyY7nhZfZYWHNNCvONmCRuJ2ZgKP/r+4VwO7sQ25d/cLf0CUap4gi16VxIyuGexB0b+V3zrCqux+TqRnRX3dtbKsBFF2AhTuCBuDtjcUw7TJ1ZaWzBhiuPOe8Wja2ssJVEgkdxhXhkv8BFILjg0AVxTb1oNWwm07cfZ/buU3z+Yy9qdBzAViNTfLIrueMbLaARV/d9M7ZfNeO2RMO9dwTYLduJc2vN4Ye2WIij6TJtgUCtNh+16MQtcVvW4enc8I7W3UGfu/4YX37bAc0XjWm/5wj7AmLZcNeV2r2m8nnLIfTecFRO9BBmGN5D834jcX5daNxnpkwLYlFKIhuTUlj52I3245frHJ5aziKzx0w5dF6cVUuGzN3GBZcYzoqj2y3u7JB7rBTkZLa6RLNC3u8V96gXHMmcmzcE1HWlsmnDt8MnM/OUCcZS4OsPW4amaX/G7jjPQ61E9wuP+GnSKpqNWMDBu+4YOUVw01vLDHF733UaQr9Zazhp6oBDaCqh6RWESwELSi0mWD3PmVmEf1oegZmqW6gKtJVquETV8LiM8JQsguRYn79igpt3CH6B0cTGZxKXnE9cegmx2VVE578gLE/SiBwjd/VIZGKVVFpF4vwFeFbihO9GscI8gZWPslhjXyIO7akA4om4owpWO5Sw2r6AdQ75Aot8topr2uGSw26XbDmviplq6MhBdwGdSwr7nRLRd0/ljF82RkEFXA4p4YYA7HbEEy6LEzwn3zkj7vCUxM4TVimctE7lwN1oOfbhHH4QxxnHDC4JEK8HV3ExUKKwdymHXYvYpX5b3Nwqy2wWi+Oca57FnPvigh/ms8CqhMX2FSxzfspKtxes8fqV9T6/iV6xzvsZ67wqWOdRzFpXcaROaRJ/EyTixsr6ajnnnYJJUBZ2UYUEyHmuTX1CnuyjivxfBXovKcx5RlamOL+McpJkPyYWPCdBBzwpuyJVdqOFIWq4zT+h9xp2f+ot0P0Fub+rGnZ/SQ30/t/0T9gpaRTswpQEeOouirJ9auZIAZgCXtRr4OmgJ7BTekNYBT0l9X+EODudCxPgidMmRgFKYPdGMU9keZXyG+LuoqpeCQglOgtQfPOKCRXw+ReUsvaMER0mTOeOXyidJs1kwcHj8r0/SJDIGi+OSu082deyI+V94e+CQciVWLvvzG06D5kqbqMZmg+/pXnPwfw0aCTtho2mxs+dmLVjt7ilYsLkxHfPyhcXkcB9kZUUANfCClyKKvGSyONc9gzz9Dzuiq7Gp0q8iOFaYiY3k3O4lZSLn/ykutZm6BfH/sfeurh8MySDx1Lj2aWLu1NdYwl8x+04zRe/jOTr7qPRfNeKLzoPY77eRR3kHCQO+2W9xDmumDYDZwg8mgqgnXCKzsPMM4bhi7bwYZNO/DxmNuceu7P5/G1xd+1lOT8IVPx4HJvGXuVQP/lGINgIM4G0g6xfjS59xXmJe6rRGDPvKB6FpGCboG74lHLIwILPP5Go+X17Gi5ex76gWIk7vnyqnhn+oi1d5+8QxxHFOoF0o6HzBWKtBUr9WWjrwer0NPZn57NLHGCX6et1DvD9nwdLIfdj0rHL1PhpGFM3nBAoRXHUNpjVt+wYfvAizRfspN2aoww4dIN9XrK/vMLotXMvmi6d0Xwj6/lZPbovPyD7r0QqBTcm7bnG5huuGHkms+iMOT2X7mfR6bs4Zv/Og9gSTAIF4F4Sr6z8ueEapbuupuJmcNYTcWPPRU9xjc3gnlcIV+3cue3ijadUblr1/Gj5U2LyisSZqO6ftFjau+ITGEFIuJZ4cfzalALiM8qIk8ohSgpvkDgXj/Rn2CZVcS+mlMtB+ZwU4O2zS2KLZTybHwnMbbLF/RSx262SXa6VArZytjmVsE1i4i6XEva6lbJXALTDLovjfhWsMo1g/NHHLL/uy3g9c5ZcdJF04caKSy5svOnNxhs+bLrhy9ZbgehbJ2PsWYShWwF6lkkceZzClP0PWHfFn5n6ViwxdGWZkTurr/iy9nogK64GsOCCH9MNvBl/yoPhx90ZqO9G78Nu9DziQb/TAQy7GMXo61ommKYy0zKXhQ6lrPR8ynq/V2zwf8k632es9aoUxyfTXQsk6uawwiFDoJ7KDuc0jsn2X/LNxiIkD4/oYqKSKsjOeka5HINyqSSKcp/K+8rXwFMdhUpFI4kxXpgQJ7CLkXKrHN7bwPvT6SnAvdFrsOkk86snUP4mma4UoYPd/7004QK7cAU7UYQAT40QHynQU8BTmTtKB73q/B2p09sErc7F6u5LhA6Q8h3ZwGiJszECKDVugRp5vlpq2m9ECfRin/5G/DPlCp/il1Ms738lWiB4+I4FP4+diplfGAMXrKTH9AU4ajOkti2THfarbpCVRIFekuzAcKlN0gWsx6885Ps2Pfm0/o/8MmIqaw6cYo/hNRp37y/x60s0735EuxFjZd2q0D5XN13KCSqtIlgiToD8vq+K2E9kOyQKexRWisPIwDFLXGfpSyykAF0PjOFedBp3wpJ5JLAbv+MYX3UbJm6qAW0nL+WAuSt2qRX4ywE9KxFw8q7TaJp346N2/Zmw/QQ1e45B8853vNf0FyyC0nAR0PmlVGEhse2dGj/q4qFHZD5ukXm4Redz3sKdmu1l3b9uJI7vOEOXbdZdz9T88CM3JJ7fD0/guk8YHabMo+usxXjmleEg7vPztt3RfPuDOLRvOffInftBifiV/oZpZBq3Hgfx2Yct+a7tYH4QB3wgNJ7d/tG89/MQAVhtOkxUNxgkbgmwFp0zr76726AjI67cZXGIOMqETHa5hdNu4mqZvy5dlu9hn+yTTmsOyLaJI6zRni+7juHLnuP44Bdxo026yTRxoO3GUG/iZl1zh32OodSfPJ9vR4yn0aR5DJU4vPaSvcQ02beh5ZhLFLBNByex89aZf2AaV4lxQBZHHKJ0/R1eD8jgnJ24G1M3rjhHcT8wld2XHzJi2Xb6zFpJ7+lL6TZxLj0nz2PK2u3sMLiCuVcgUQVlxIvTixRoByWl4h0Zg5/E64CwGCLE7WmTsnXt77TqupO4FNXtu3/WCxyTn3A/rkwSQAHn/XM46ZnBYWdxZnbJIonrElX1nPPFVRWjJzrkUswB5yLZ1iL03Ms54lmle91ulYVhyG9M0LdnwhEbJhx6RLPJ+xi75y4jt95g6IZLjNxyjVFbrzNmx23G7rojMmXkttv0XHGeVlMPMvWoDW1m67Poojc9119m8M47DNh2i4EyT/+tt+i9+RbdNt6kw5rrtF5+hWZLr9Bo6VXqL71GgxW3+HGnFT1PetP3nD8DjIMYYxLLLKsMlrkVs97/iQDvKWt9qljtWc4KV4nezsUsFXAvcyhkpUTjLXJQDorrO+eRzW2BnkNYPqHaUjIyqigTJ1de8EyAV0V2djkpmaUCvAoB3lO0RS+Ik3MwVrgQI+yIVjwRWCng6aD3Wm8gptO/QU4U8W/6F6C9MWX/TRo1YlO1fiVSgBcpwIsSgEXpgPd79UrqVP1e3WlRQNRB7i2p287qTkx0uWycuLxYgV6sACpOoBcvwFOKU71WVP2uG2RFDYunHlr2yy7RDbiSJLKOTKTTuOmYS2ybuG479bsP5KS5De7irtTYB2kCpXRxe1F5T/GMlZhw+T4dBk7ks4Zt2XHyssSaIpLLfyNNfuuMqSV9p84V4H1C3c49Cc4tlvV6TrAUgLhnsr6VL/HOKZKom0/SbyCOmgM37jN21VbmbD/M0v2n2GtsygcNfuL9Bm3pNHo2K/SMmL/nNJM2HKT/gg183q4vXWesZNnJq9glFWPsEkqrUbP5uG0fhq7aLQ6rUAqpP992GiwxsTWHrlrhri78imPZpndN4FETzQeNuHbXizBxE+duO9JTdfv+dVNxXg2ZsV2fEat2oKkl779tyOH79twN0fIoRiAhLu26dxim8nrDO5yxqnHu1w0FNE1Yf+4mZgI8T6lhb0Wm4hKWS4Na3figTicGC7D1IhIxyC2lg2q+8nFr2T8T2P/AF32JjoecxMmt1xMnNoTaAttJDx3YK7BfZGLPdz2nitPswjQDc7ZFpbPAxJn6fcUR1hXAtRkoUO4kLvInWd+2aOp0FWgO4OOuc9lpHsZ5v0x2PvRE3zmQI3YBnLAP56JHGiYBEuV8CzEQmFwNKOCOxAMD30z22kRw0EnilGMMB+0i2WHqJfv0CHV7TKbzpNVM2HiUH0fP4yOp7FqNmM707Uc4eOMBd6VS8E0Tx1b+ktiSp4Rli7OTeBuSnk1AYrLs+zhCE5KJ0CYTm5hOgrjjJAFeorgTbe4LonJ/wyf9BdYJFdyKKNQN+nRK1uekl0RLj3ROuKVz0jWDU66ZnHaV2CkgOO2Sx0mXfI67FHLUpYhjbuUc96gSV/REwFjKEdcKZp/1YbFRIKsuh9JjqTGrjf0Zuu4aC47aM2CFMdP2P2TSPgvG7TGnh4Cu5bSDdFh4mp7rLjNO35qfVxoy+pg1PbbdpOmC4/Tafpu+O+4wUOYfvN+SQQce03vXA9quuclP60xou+ke7bdb0n6XFU3W3eH7FVdov/8xI64GMfleDLOtkljqmsVa2ffrfYqro6yAbrV9EavsSlhpWyavFawVbZX3B+3yOW2fxXXndGwkhgdGF5KaVk5pwRPKCqsozBPHl10qwCsR4JWRkFdFXOEz3ZCb0RJto4URUcKOKIHSG+DpoPdvIFNp8r/p9TyRf+qNEfvfSRMpsIt8DbsonaqBp1YwWge8alWvbPVnOgeog+NryQZVQ1K+o2iu7sy8hp66uaCuv2kV+JQEggp2qqvuyJIXBMjOSfsVUgR4aloPcS7mfhEs3n9cot1PLNl/Apf4TF3vtpmvIEsUlC4Rx8mftv3FPWneQfNRTSy9I5DtF6CkESFw9EvO5cRtC75q0Y4GXXrjl5ZHgrqOWFDOoeumtBs5QeLuLzTsMYA1R8/yODCalj2HonnvazSffk+Nhu3wDE5m7NTlvPtZQ76s9xOrd58iKlsVoqeYe0cLYMRRier1HMFtn2jMArV83bE/7zbtxPgNB3BLK8M7q4ouExfxQcMOzN5wBHfl5EKyGT5xlc4tffRFKxo060P/UYuo27qfOLTvBVot+LJNL5YeMWb2fnGMtZtLVK/B4mPGmAVrOWPrhX1yPupxwB3X7nP0viOXnIPQ1GvDhy1/YfiqXdwOTMBWatprAjxvKbytmomb+6Q5664+4oTso1vP/mDaset81aAP79fpxorT5hx2COd0WAYHQ5KpMX+dOLUOaIZNo9mKPWh6T5Ko+xNNBi2WiBPNysBEjoYXMHyDMc3HrmOq/g0GbjxM18VbGLfbUOKoJW0m7kTTbKIUbk+MfXK5FVXMGYm3+vZh7DLzYq2RPXMOmNF/6XGaj1lPjX4L+Lr/fDos1WPa2UesuR/AVtsoll53Ydzeq/RaeIAuUzYxfacRB83cOeMQwmWfWGyTiwmW885fXIVHaiGh+VW6QYHiip/pWvyHpEuFmSpJISkZ/8REibYpxKZlok3NIjFFgJdeTJJqVJur+uH7He+051jGlnE5RM4hnzSOeqVxwjudM96ZGPhkY+glrs0jk/NuGZx3ycDAJYtzLrkCvwKBYTHH3co46lYhrvkZ+h7P2SYRcv2dZLaZZ3DEvpgZR1w4apPP2G332WeWyCBxZqsEgHNOujD9uCPzDD1ZcjWQucbeTDrtxIij1gw9akWv/fforfeAb6buY8gxG4mudow/68ZUY1+mXwxk7BlP+h2wpf9hR4ac9GDoGR9GCGQn3Yxm9v1Ept+NYdKdUGZYRLLANp7lrskSY9MFdpkCO4GfXTZrrHJZ87hQXktZa13JRusn4lJL2f84l+OPUrlgncAD9xR8wmW/pRZTLKmotKiSAjESWbklpGRJ5SEmRisAjBUYqiE4o4pe6tiizFRksTJM1bDTAUsg9q+SFPen/u3zv0FP6Q3U/u2zv6SJEthVg04orNNr2P2LqoH31/xvgKebpiguwItRkpNP3YpWd2fiFfBEWvWqu2PzB4kCvmSBm3ofLnZYvQaIFY4qeckvE2ZzydaDvRfviJtoJE7rBAEZxbrecRMqfiNDXJ629BWz1u/mw7otdMD7uml7vOMykP1AfNFTsmUeJYeQWNYdOkn7QaPQipuMzq+Q2JhM2wEjZdn1ebdOY977vgk7T18kJDWfaUs3VgNU8zljpy0lJecJ7r6xtGrfl3c/r8/wKYtJyH9OilQAruJwNLWa6QBZu0Mf7npH4hibycC5EvskXq87eYW7vjHiOGLoMGqW/F4L+kxaKtE1BwuXKCbME3f1UUM++Ka1wKwhNZr2oFXP8QydvYGtZ024Jm7ROiabjUayHz6vJ7/zLT3mrMImPhermCzduKwPw9NoP24eiw8bYRWVResRM9E06sA3nYdwxSsam8wKzGR+40cB8v0m4oS7s/uOE9eTCtknkbbpGHGT7wtM323Mj+Ka1pq7scUzAr34HIZfvc8nU5fxzrDZfD5msQBvMo0nrGXtZWcM4spZ45fMObHt3Zee4uc5e3WjvO2wcGXbPTsO2wZy8HE4s/Ufo/lxJhtuhrL0iicjDt7k27FL+GzIXD7tPxtN29HiAgXyjcQdthmFppXE4V+mM/70Y65nIst/wWbnZA4KYM4HFnPWOZXjDyM4ZR2NgasWAy8thv5aLombNQlPxSYxXyqYCrzF6Xsl5Op64tUK/JLF6UVm5RGakUFQWgrBKUmEJScTk5wmDi+bZHF4KeqCe84ribV/4JfygkfRArzAHI55pnDEI0Vexdl5Z3HWJ4ez3jmc8czmtHsWp9zE/bnlcNw9XwBXJPOWcsi9jH3i8na6SKR1KmebYxl73Z6yXZzSJsscZhkGscYkgWVXI1l2JYLxAqhVt2NZfiuaZSYxrLwXz5oHSax6kMiy+/HMuBnCNJNQ5llq2eBTwoRbIcx7oGX6rXCmXAlmvJGfyF+AaM3061FMFU27Fcvsu0kseJTBUtscVjjmsNxBYqxE8pUOSaxxTmK9WxIb3JNY7ZrIUqcE5tlpmWWjZbZ1MvNt0lks31tpm8dq+X+dtZZNVuHssQ3mgpxb9lFpxKQXUFhUoesrr6C4gswCibM5xeKUS4hT417kVRIplVCkxF41LGa1sXoNPIGPuj+gk0Dtf6U3sHujf8DsfyNNNeT+UowATyeB2xtVW9K/5okSm/pPvbGtCngqs8cJ8OJlJdUdGp3k/1gBhVpegsAvWWJnkoAvVt6H5z/DLlxqjeRCBs9Zybn7Dlyy9tA1s1h+4BRhuZXIInTddCdXVfctVutHiUwf10DzWS06DBqDd2w68QVVpJa/Ik/cYqG4xmipaSIyCpm0aA35Mi0oMQtzJ28B2iciTXWnkh98xaFzV8iVuH3zgYMs8ztqNW7LPWt3QuOyyJAaqs+wyXxRpzndBo8nLqucJLHq7uFJ/NCht7immjTu0p9HvlF4yPx7DG/xy5iZBKaX8lCAd+T6Q9oOEnckwGzZeyxOqot3Sy+W7joj6y4O8YsmdB01n6M3bbnuFCruNgGXxGLUYCYOSUWcsHQXKLTTRdxvOg3SPdztJlHibkAiG87eRvNNMyZu0MNBW8TCg0a6u76auj9x3jmUu9E5XA1KYv4+I9ner+k0arHEYk8eZ1Sx8IK5OMLOMl1i8McCvbaDmHHNkpmWLqwVGG4JTmSzZywrJOrOvmbP7Ct2HHTWci2mkiNBucx5EMhu9wzqjd1Ch8V6XI2SOCrAMdFmiKvMRM8+RhxjOnVH7WLoXgtxi8MEaOKgO4zgw3HLabZcj9rTtvDFyJV03mjIQhNfdovTOBH1lFNxr9CPecGBiCfsDirjoH8Jx72LOCUuxECWaRpeiU02mKU+xSAsnb32/mw2teOcuFzLyHRuuARz7q49Vl6RxGRIzCp6QmxuIdF5uYRnZxCQkohvfCxh2iS0yVkkCyBTMyp13S5JwiVI4oa1lK4r/tkcc09GT5zQYbc0gVmmuL0c9EWHPXPQ88jloOiAZwH7vIrY41XKLq8ytnuWs0mgt8qhUGCTzzbflxyOhE1uVcw2Fad1PYaxBgGyvc8YfdqHubfiWGahnn7IY6NTEZtcS9jsJnIvleWUsMGjhFXuhUx/lMRo0wiWuRWwO+I31sk8s8ziGWMcwChDP9ptucs6+0JW2uSyzDpHoFbMZu8q+f1KtvvKekl03e6Vx3bZju3uqWwX0G11iWO1YyTz7UOZYiMu0dqfCVaBTLcKZb6VANlaHLZVCIse+7DwsSvLbZ3Q9/bHIkZLaGYueapH5PKnFJQ/IaO4XCoYBbsSgV0ZUbnlREjZjch7fWNJBz2VEKUsC3wUwFQTs2gp3P9U1Nt6A7w3ku/9KbWcf9Pb87wlzZ+A+1MKev+paAW1/9DL15IoIMBTilXAE7DFlb0GnpL8kA52svxoIVGsxGN1t1UpTv5X0wMzygnPe8Y5cwesg7RYS3Rr2HUg/aYtwjEiWefsVFfdEbkVBKcX8lF9cXfvf8k73zVg4JS5hEltk1T8lJSS56QL9LKrfkfSOmIMMbf3JKvsJbny/SSJu6u27OP9L6php3nncxau3KLrdihOYnPn3sOYNGeZWPYEXb/9SWLNF6zdzvtf16Vdz8FEy2/nCRxDErKYumitxN+aEgtbYe0ZSqo4z7SyXwlMzMPCNZjOQyfz+Q/t+LjBT7xTuwVtBoznoX887omFPAxOolGfsfL739J50mIuO4dgHZuLQ0IhAXJSnLD04JeZqzC0D2TGrlMSlQfzUauebL9ogVtKBY/Cshi9Yq9UCj+y+9IjHNSjRj4JLNG/yrddRtBgwBQ6TF/F0PWHaDFinkTvVqw8fpt7wZn45YORQwQLdxqzYIshm4wes98xlNMpRawMimFLdBp6so77gtLZZBPGdodoDvtlckwczz6PZLY4allyP4TxZ2x5t+dC3us5k6U3bDkTEMMeOxd2WXux8pYrA7bf4PsJB+i77wEt11+g2/H7DL3pzLRHgSx1jmWjdyo7BSqbVaxyTWG7fwEHo59xIhWOifbF/s62kCccjfqNy1q4LoX8qm85BgIZPWcBsnUwyy3c2Wzjy15bP47Iq6FDoDjtHJKloIjZI0vO3Xu27viogXnS00kol4ibnY5nXDRBcVriEzNITikgNU0cStYr0gWkYckvsRMLcc1PgOeaJKBPZL+6YeGazn43qdTcc9jpnivgyGerwG6zZxEbvUpYL8BbK8Bb7VXOStFSjzIWC/hW+jxlbcBLlntWCVgKmWdbwOR7Kazzes6E2wnMscxmnkTJRXYFLFE3CwRUK1xKWK3axnlWsNq7ghXe5SxwL2K2cy4rfMpZKxBb6VrEEqtMFliksOB+CqPP+7PSKovlMm2lbTbrnAvYJLDcIs5zq2suW5zS2WyfyBYHLVud4tjuFscO9xhx0WGssfVnmaUni81dWGHmzMY7Luw2cUPPxJ39Jk7sMrFlm6klOy0eYejmgXV0LEHpGWSVV0p5eEaOKLWskrjCUmLyS3Xjk0RI+QnPFuVUStl+SkTBi9cuT90TELAJG3SAEwP0X6U+fyM1vwKe0muA/d9KoxyWTgKdagmQ3gJdtQRor/UX5P7Sm89iFfBkWXECt3gFPPkBpTjJ1m9gF1kgjlDcS0yhwFUUKxufJBuTLmRKroIUdaNDftMvuYgB05dQT+LieQsH/FMLyBaABaTkYekTysf11XWtr/iobhOGzlhAvMTVjAqJJGKl43PLJJqUkivQKxaS5ctruDaT4KgUbJz9CI9JY8iIyXxVoyHvffQt3QVyT8URPvsdFqzcjNHNe7peXDPKnuMbm8z+M8bi5L6mfe9BhEsEEq6RKMs/e9mED76sw3tf1OaBvRfhiTnEZ5UREJtB3VZd6D1qOq6hUmCMJZZ+24iGvwzmllsIlmFJAhxf2k6YK9vwHZ1mLMPYLVT3TPGtAC0JAt9D95zQfNkII8dgbMW99VuwWeDWhg+a96D//C20V3G0djuaD5yBXVwxjyLz8C8Ex9Qqjlr6MHj1fr7sKtG9bjuajJrHsrN3CJRj4Z7+HO/k57hGlIjLeYpP0nMc0l9wJ+sp+sn5bNYK5KKl9g9JYYenFAybCN21tFlXHem+5yLfzZIo3mMGmqbi2JrK8nvJerQfS6d1hxl59DzvDZDpHfqi6TyGd3svZINlKltcBAwBZawJLmRJUDbLQ7JZHZzNUnctC+0j2SqO8Vjqb+yPe8bmoBJ2K3cnO2F75Es2BVZxLFZgl4JEyXL2S8Q74ZTBhfAyzkUVcTw8izPims+K4z3uGISeuTP6d+w4dduGYxfuyjEyZ+K8ldgFhkmlKnB78YSwgmzcY6PlOMXrblwkyXanpZaTLcDLEuCFJwnwIkq54pPJYecEdgsgdjgkss0hRUAh+0ec5noByFr3AlZ7FrNStMyjmCUCl0WihZ6lLBTwLRYoLfF7wmy3YqbY5TDHrZRlfs9Z4v2Mhe6VzHEsYa6DuDQB4AzrXKY9zpbKIJMZj7OYbZMjcMxjsaPsM5cilsoyVsoyVwnsljrlidtSj4NlsUWgtlvAuldc5Rb5jaVmEo3N41n7KJn11ilstE2RKJrAxgfRrDcLYt0tHzaYerPFwpedVv5SUQSwT0C37449+y4/5MA5M46dNMFAKserx0y4Lbp+7AYXjl3h3MlLnD1/FRMLK5z9gwhLSSW9qpKsF8/JePZcKpkqKbtlREu0jRLghUvCCs0sIUxSUVhOlSQ5FW3/DjwJDNWScv+n3kx7rX+Dng58ryH2fyNNnALUG+jpwFcNvL/A9xfs/pKC3NtSsPsH8N6CXlzJH7IscXKysdECOwU+HfDEycS9DbzXrwnyvRBxfP2nLuaHLgOYs2kf9iHxpEqcVV1XX7dx4706jSSOfcT7tX+gTa9BZD75jXyBW2JhpQ54oYnZHD1/nc37jjFh1lJ+aNmR7+q1oHGLDtg6+WJmbseoMVJw3/mCOjLdLyiWHIk+w8fPwFmAmlH8hMzSZyTml3Hk/GXd3d5hk2YRliC1WslTxORh4+rHpzXqo3nvC/YfMyRT3GWiOMjtemfFETbA4OZDib8vsPWP4fv2vWgg26J/+xELD5xm0paDLD5qxOed+tJg4HgWH7+IuQDvjkTJk1ZetB2/gE/b9cNECnKigPi2vE7YcpRGg6dTt98k3m3VW14ns9bovq7fQbOoHGzSq7DJfIpD/iseqo4dBWJ2uS94nPkEy/QK3aDpVz3jeCywCUx+QXDKK+zDC9F/7M9sibiTTB4xV7ZpjUTazV7RjD9nTos5O/l8qECt1zQ0PaegGTiHTyZupMWK0/TYe5dZJiEsfhDOfgHZtNu2aEZMRSPuss6UjfTdfp1LMaAXWMEGL3Fy4RKpEiuZ7x7LWFMX1rjGcDKuhJ0+ySx5JIXRJZ4DMs9qcVRHYp+yL0wNIlTEsZByzgaWct4rHwPHVPQsQtl6x4OdD3w44hqBnmMg97R57DazY/iaXTQdMI6PGrdH89F3uraJbfqPwD05g6CyMryLC/BOTcU7IpqQWC2xqZkkSzpIl/MtO/ulOLw/CEx6xv2wQk55pbLZIYbVtjGsso0TJbLGPoU1jhkSFyUySrRc6y7rK1ohbmupwGexUz6LBEiLnAVWztX/z7JKY8r9BGY/TmOxQy6L7XNZInBabJPFSkf1qFcuS+X/pdaZEh8zJEYqh5ale+Z1nX22OOocdstyDovDO+VZwjGnHI4IzM45ZXFFovQ1nyIue+Zj6JzB4QdRsn8i5TWCI0r3w9h/y5sdxnZsO/OQ7cfM2HPkNocO3UB/72WObzPk1KqjnJ23BwM5rsYjVnJt5EpMx67m/qS1PJi6jjsTVnJ5zGLOjprPyQmLub7lEA8v3iItJZPM8nJyX74k46k4vIonJBSVE6eAl1uiu2EUmqHukpcK8JTLeyax9pUOeKpNnnr6IlaAplpzvNG/ge+/OT1dQ+b/S/0JvGopYP1DCmb/ojfg073/E3a/Vi9HYu2f0BN3p/5X0VXnIAVyCn5xbylBVkRBTz27GCk7JUasb0hGGUNmLqPD4An81G80N209ZSdW6MYnuGzpwLu1fqi+DvdtXT6p15TsZ3/ortulljwjubBKau802ksE1Xz8rcz3jji0GrTp2ItFKzaTW/ycsiew9+ApvlQ95L7/FQf1z2Hr7EvjVh0Ii0+jsOo30gSe5b/BiQvXdXCdumA5IXGpun781V9YfDrf1G0qn33M8ImzSS2owk9cZK0mbXUFTY1PIJuGhVuQvJcI/W1D1h83Ztyq7aw7fVk3ktPItTvRfNcYTZ0WzNhzkiVHL9JK3eSo+yMzdp/SNW15HJfPdT8tt4JTuBYojvGxFxtv2XDSLRxT+fxGTA5XorK4JlHuhhT8i9EZGAk870mmc5STxTyzHCMB6VmPSE7ZqrElTBmzZC8/DZjFtz8NpkaPcdQZO4+PxsxEM2oKH09dRIOFm2k2dwtt5+9i2P6rLLjtwXJxeyuctSx3SJDCKbHWOoll9mlsCSxhT3QVWyLE8filMN3MixHH7jPttC2LjT2Yf9WLmaY+4uYi5PMkiX3xbHCJYK/EqeMSw0/6JXMiIAU9+f+gTyKTjB5wyDeF3W7x7HKK4ZhXMvoSqydJBK/fZzpftB3Cl+0H83WnIbQZPUf3KJ5NfA6X3YNZfeYyfeatoEbn3uKApVKUCnHmXj3cC0pwrajgbloK9tFaAoJjiIhNIjYzm+ScQjKyy8nMfU5Szis8BMrXQwUyHgkssA1nplU4sx5HMvdxLIusZdttxV3ZZ7FW4LZB3Nd6p0LWOOTpYuQyAdbSR6ksfpjMQosE5t+LY86dSGbeDGW2aN7tMBaahIsTi2S1RZw44ATWyesqsyhW3Alnxe1QVpiEsfKOyCSU1bdD2CavR+5EcOFeDKYWWu7dj8HcPAI7Wy3u7mk4OGl5+Dicuw+DuG3hz3UzT67ccuXaTReuXnXg9HFT9m8/x76Nx9Fbe5gTS/ZhMHMb50eswLjbLK60GcfNhkO4821P7n7amYdfd8Hq+x5YNe6FZYve3PnhFy7V/pnT37blWJ3OGPWbwq3Vu6iSFJRbVErhi1dklD8hXQpValEFCWISYnKKCVe9HmcUEpIp4JP9G6ZirbqOJ2X+DfBUKw41RrFuUPa39Db0/iPevgW8N/o3uP2b/gN4b/Q36OmA9n+W7ntSgKth97YEam/B720p2CkAauX/RFkZ9VhPUFqpAO85gSlFbD12gW4jpzFwykKcwxJJKHlBcvkr7gqYNJ/XrAbeV7V5t2YDwgRCieLQ0iSG5jyR5cpO3rT/OI1+6irzfUKDFj9z8aYFRQJM9ZcnyzKzsGfx8k3y+fu0bteNaXOWiiv4Gm8pDHnl8ls5JZS9BCefEJn+FU1+6kyMHORscX6VAsK0ggq++r4JH4vL6zl0HDcs7Lh6z1p3I0VdG1y/7wT7z11j4uL11Pmpmw6a6kZM3c79uCgATxOXeNk5gClbD9FlyiLaj5vDF+370HTwZCZs0sNYIppDUgm2ScVYp5QiiQZ/cbFOsr8e5jzhRmIBp4ITOOwbxanwZE5KVD4VkYxBXCZX0ot4WPEbDhK/LQqfCVSi6SEnqaaxGtqyBZr6Han581C6TljOkuPXOSUwPBuRytFIAU9gPAc9ZJneiVwIzMIwOE+WXchROUMPypm5NVjcjFMq401D6GfkxjCTYEaJs+h505uuV1yZINFpg00CB2wFzpYx6DklctA/gyMxBegJvFfZ+TPhzC2GbjvOgBW7JX7vY8iGQzSfvITvhomT7DyQRpMW8WnvMXz4yzD6r9nLWYcg+i+UY/W+HPcPa/NR/bZ8VKc1XzRsq7tWevauDdYRCXhIIbvqFcA6oyu0nTKD9jPmYODjj0VWLg/KKriZk4t9TCphfnFExyRLwcwmKa+AtJxS0nKf6Abltk8s5VxIhjg3caLWwQx9EMCwe4GMku2aYBbKTPMYFlkms1pc2Sb7fDbZ5rHBKpt1j8T5WaSwwiyOJbciWXIzjKUCuSXXAll02ZdFF71YfMGDZRc9WXXZi+VGLiwzdGTTdR8OWERxQvbXOYnMZ0WnHFI545TGOYnRhnfDOW/oytmdppxaeg6jFWe5svYcZ5ccZP/09awePodZvccxve84ZgycyLR+45nWawyz+0hy6D+Z1YOmsXXoTA6OmseZsQs5N3A6F7tP4GLrwVyq151btTpz/7sOWH3TFvuv22D/bUtsajTD4tsG3P66Dte+/J4rX//AtdptMGndh7MdBvJ4/V7+SMmjNL+UkvJnpOcW64ZvzBSzoTpMjc0uJiKjQDeQUoi4vJDsMsJk/0ao63ivgaceN3sbeG9D722n978B3j/1T9C90Wvg/QW6/1kKbq9V+kYy/U+9Bt2fy/2tGnYSU7VKsqJK6r1yfNFicdU8WpknQgqxnxTiiOxK/BLysJEoOHreajmhJ7Lz1CUcguNIKn2JR0zKa4cnAPmipi7W3nP2JiAhU4D3Almc1DYvdNBbtF4c1Luf887ntbh8x1Kc2+9IIiVGdVYYn4mbTzgffFYNz/dUL7myTFsXPzl4lSRkFpEry4lKyub9LwRi4hQDo5PJr/qVhOwSCsVVNhIIvicnhQJln1GTOXDmIvV/7MLHtcW1ffgNdX/synCJ1MFphew6e5Wfh0xgwMwleCXnEyYg0rVJFCcYIfvMRxyZs2y/eVAC15R7C9BiHZenGyXOSyB3V9zbCc8ITvnHclYAt9czjLW2HmxzD0JPIv+hkDgOCKxPxKZilJrHJSn8FwTQh3zD2WDhwPo71uy858AFzyhxjkU4aIuxEwi5ZjzBXU5Cc4l1xjGZXJd1MEsp47w4L9W5567HwWyxjWDGbXf6Gzxi6GVnJt4NYpJ5KJMfiHtxymCefxnT/cuZ4lPKmqAq9EOfYhxQwgXXFDbfdmPc8ZuMMTRlpNEdGsxdg6ZZFwFv8+pG1rVa8W7jjmiad+LDDr35ptcwvlPPD6tH6uq1oHbvYZyycmHXtbtM3rSbjsMn8W0jcdHvq+P1Ka1/7s2CdTsxtrTHWaKrZWwC51zcaTl1Gs2nz+BWchqXk9IwqXjK9RJxvVo59uImY+RYRuVmkZCXR2pOESmSIKKzq7AS13wsKJUFLlEMsAygx10fet32pt8Nb4Zd82PCzRBmm8aw3DyJ9Q/S2XA/jXV3xbne0bLyZjTzz/sz7bgLs065ssDAg4Xn3Fhw2ol5x22Zd/QxS07asPKMLQsPmzN122WGrzhJz5l7aT9mA80HLqPxgCU0GriUhvLapN8iOnWfy/AOM5j/41S2tprMnjbjOfjzWE6L0zo/Ygb7eg5lWZtOLGnXleVderGicy/WdOrNzh5DOdxnDLva9WHTD+3Ra9Wdi50Hc+3nAdz+qS/XG3Xiaq3WmNX7EetmHXCV89a7fVfcf2yLXdMm3Pu+Jte/+Zyr33zNzTr1edC6E66DJnCmfW88dh4BAd7zvDLKpKykJueQKRE2V4CXliexVnW6KiYkJC2PYOXyskoJza0iXHfjQsr9a+Dpmq0J1P4b8CQ4VOtt6P0H8CQi/6m3p1frT+DJdwR4Ckr/B/0NZv9nxeukgCfv5bt/xlyZpmCXICurHg1L0AFP3Z1VNzBeCPQETqpxosTZyJwqXMVphKaXEpf/lD1nrtJp8HgOnb9JQtEzEsWZ+QuAJi5ZJzFVxdX30YjD2nj4lK4v/SyJosJRYgRIaaXP2aZ3SsDztU7Gtyx043bmV8g6pRUI1KqIS81n7tL1fPBFbVnWJ3TrPwJ/cQpJ8v1EOYAxAg7Da2Y0/7kbNRu1ZtHabTxy9iFOYOjoF0bjdr+8Xo8P+EY+X7dXn9Gzl/JD++70lHi49+xlLomTzBKwZYk7i1HdOYUnEphRomt7WN0A+yVuSfnYShS1j8vGKakA55RiHkZmcNkjgj2mdqwwNmWPpRsXw1K4KfPeSCvmXEw6BwNiOBKi5VR0GmfjMjifkM0VgevN7FKuyjYax2dwLjSBM35RnPYIw8g7Cicp1PHicn2LfuVuaCrn3cI4bO3NDgtnNt5zZO1tG7abu2HgGY95fBnXIws5FZDB0eAcDocVsNMnjU2uWg4F53I6/gnrvHIYbxnPGNss5of8zoaoP9juX8zkY/doM2Ix33Ydw7sdhqLpPhzNgLFoBk3io19GoVFtEDWy3z9uzPvNekhkPc28E9c4Zh/IGddwnev7tOswND/2QN/el1uyjfeTcth35zEjF6yX79XVHTON5huadezH2iNnsYlLxjOviMdJKYzasZNmU6dyJzWDs5FaruZXcEmgZqMV1xGYSqRUDJHZ6SSKy0vLKiBd9lm8QN8uJo9TPkkstpF1MPNnsGkQY+5FMM0ilgUPElh4N54Ft6JZeDWCBcahzDkXwLST3ow56MjQXVZMPOrGzHN+DNn9mPZLLtJusREdlxrTZZkxnRcb0GjcLr7uu5yGIzfRbsYBfpyyl6Zjt/PDyC3UG7aRWsM2UEP09bB11By8mjY9lzCk/WwWNZ/K7h/Gc6TxCI63HCzgGYhhj0FcHTaGWxOncGHseE4OHc7pQcMx6Cevnfpxsk1PbohLfjxoMubdR3CzXW9CZy4jePYynMdPw6zvIB7Jd9wnTiR41gxi5s0mfMp4/IcNInBwfwL798W5fUceyLlt2aQj9h2HcLXTIOxX75DCnMWrkkoqyqpITc0mK7uIPN2YtVJ2M9V4tXmESoUbIudhiLp5kV2ha4KmblzElAjg3gLeG+jpgPdEyomSAt0bvQ28N9DTAe1t2L2t15+r+d6S5p/Q+p9UDTVR2X/R6/l0Uff19T71Xlv+ezXwZKUTVANkgWC0QC5CdkCEZPsoeY2T9ynymYV7KJFZ5eQJICw9Quk0cBxHLpjompgo6KkdeNfFl1pSq2ne/5yP6jal97hpeMsJrEatzxPH5B+fTqTY6R36Z3nny+omKAdOGeMvtXpa4ROScsvIlXicIFBTfaQNmzCTz8U1HjpprGsprqZnFD/FLzKRDr0G8/7X39Omax9qNWnD7mMGUoMVY+7gwY6jZzl38x72sgx94xs8dPMnWyK1e3gC4emFaNVvlb7QDRUYq7q8zpdaLqdcd9c5WGx+aF4l3gIoi8BYNooD7D1rOT+Pn0v3mSuYs/8MRx64cFMcn2Vykc7hXYlM44a4X9OMMm5JpXAlRVxcQi4X4rPlfQkPCp7zqOgFllJZ3EkukPlTuR2bhWVqMc6yj72Kf+VxssS+gFjOuQZx2tkfE5nHSSobu9ynWKaVy7wV2GaqgdSf6YbWtEx7xt3kKs4GZbLFKpAZhuYM3H6SXySOdl66k547jRl+wZ1ZEu82xMDaiD+YYxdHlzVH+aJNPzTf/8y7zXpSY+Ii2h4xYOEDN/Y+CqTTBKm0NI3E5XWgds/pGHmmst3CHz3HGLZZBDD1uBmDthnyzciF7POI4XRsDlczy7kQkcZhC3dqtOrDO5+Ik9a8p4u5faYt5tRjR+ySM3HJymO18QUajBiJcXAEJwOiuZhagpE414fibH0jswjVpsk5kkJiRgYZGblkq67KU0pwCc/ByDWRNffDGXc9gIm3w5l/P5G11tlsl21cdy+FBRdCmSGQm3jQmZG7bOm/+SGdV9ym2Rxjvh1zhPcG7BC47+Ddwbtfa5doB++Lvhi9j+8m6vHlyN18NGgznwzdJtP28vX4Q3wzSZ/Ppxzlw6n6vDf1CJ9MOkjTodsZ3H0NK9ou4ViL2Ri2mIBxm+EYt+vL1Z598V26lPxTJ9Ee3I/H6lX4LF9N4IKVPBJ3d6N5dwJHzKV03UFCx83HtF0vnsn5W3L6HLF6B7FZsxTnLasJOrCN+GP7yThxiMRdW4heuYycjRup2LKDuHEzsRV3+KBuR+436CbgHMv9uav5IyGNV0+fUPX8GWnZYjbyCgV4Zbp4G5+RR2RqDqFiQkLENISmF+nu1kbIORZVoK7/C+AESOqBBK0A7W8u7w3wRP/vwHut/xfg/TvgJKr+q6q/o4D35i6ueq+Ap2CXJCuv+shSn0dKpAvLe0K4KLpA4p1AMFXmsQuMw10KYWxOpdjiEhq07U6HAWMITMwlRmroVHFoweLMZqzZRr326kH1ejro7Tt3mSCx1qkSQyMEduFp+RibWtKp/0iJQK3ZJzCLyyohT92QEJjJz5NTIYCslDgZrpXYWxPP0DjSi55QINDKF4VoMxgzcxHNO/aUuHoBB3F16qaIis3ZT34j5+kfZFb+SoaA1ktgqho7y3GQ9SwTMOfjEZWMl4DYLigaI3Mb1umdZurqrfScMItW/UZQv0tf6v/Sn+b9R9Fu1DSGLNnAKUsXIuVgJ8lyol6KE5O4byvO415CPjejM7kmsfNqbDaXRRfkvVFEOoYhyZz0jkbfJQR9x0BOu4ZyTwDhJXZXjSfiKN9XPadYC+weS5w2iUzmRkQi98QtWwt4TWMyWHbehF5Lt7PK2Jwdd5zYa+7BKccInHJ/J1Aqke333Gg4ej6alrLP1Y0WdUNInPGHnUfQdKE+uwJ/Z50/bIqF2W6JtFwihf4rdTf9K3ltSc/tx9iWmMM2/0SOOMSy6IApmk87o6nTn6+7zUHPLolpZ2yYd9mDSadtmX3BjeWmIdSbt5/G608w1syFI5lVnEsu45CsV4shsi4fNaNG094Sj1tRs+MAus1aygmBnltWPmds7WklrmfHXUsMAuK5FF+MUWwp5tpS3BIKCEjKICIpgcSUFDJTM8mTcyozsQjvoCxM3NLYZyFO7loEMy+GMVuc3HzjMBYaBjP9iDtDNz2g9eTTfNFjE+92XIWm81o+G7iPmhPP8OX4U7w3Uh/N6GNoxp5EM04k0zQTTvHuxNN8PM2AL2Yb85XA8es5F/h6wWW+XnyDr5fe5qvlpnyy+i4frLvHuxvv8cm6OzSbfZ4hQw6wuvNGTrVYxPnG4znfpD/nW3TmaucuBC2ex5Ozxyk6cZikXdvI3bmHkk17CB82A5tmvYgcMJ2ihVvFtU3jRpuulB8+SdbBIyTrHyF4z06d4g8fIv3YcXKOnSRq83Y8Fy1Hu2M/xQJHvylLMGkuTvG7DpjU/gWzX8ZxV4D3e0o6r359xpPfn5NekEtWQYFEWklWOQXEp+cQmZJNaHI2ISm5hEqlHpZZprtsFZUvXCiqbsHxNvD+dHn/a+C9Advvr/UW6N5IdWbylv5H4P0n7P4Ncm9LfU/dyHjTZEXiqrzXAU9WXD1doa1QT1y8lDz/VHK9QC3/iewA1Y7nD1JkPu+4LO45BeAgLiRaavTuwybzy9CJuEcky86T6KGekxTHFCQnqImjFz3HThMH9yX9J8/B0itYBxttQSU3HjmycOMu+o+bTs/hEzl+6TY56hrer5AhUEwRcGmV0xMAqr/RMxbipu7eyQGS8k2yLMNV3ntJxA0R+67NK0cSuO6pD9kMZJ+T8+wPqcFysREQ2ojLe+ARwPGrpizetl9c53TqqyjcuiPfiT6s1wyNuMgGnXozYPoCpq3bzprDZ9C7Yc4NFz8CBeYFssw0UZjso1A5wGFPIUKgFyZyF7dskVTI9fA0zvvHY+AnktcTbuEcdQjC2DsWs4gs7kflYBmdi0tqOb45L7CPL+BecDLXPCMxdgniqm8UN0Ljsc8rw0fW/7izL72Xb+HDn8WNfdaQb1W3Vo260GzMQmbrX8M0IocI2e6bAUnM2HOaplL5aL75XmDzqQBPdVPVBk3bsRz2/ZXVDi/ZJnl5QWAGbVbtks/rCfA+Q/N5C7pJRF0nsXu2tR9HXJMxsk/j80YSceuPRNN6CsfcCtlul8nok47UmHSAofr27POpYOb9aNocNqWfmQfzgtNYK3F0g10YSw0eMWz+PvYaWdGgmyynXjtxiw2ZuPUA5qHRXHP3Erc8iTlSyVwJSuZqVLGud2AzbTmO4o59UzIJ18aTmJhIVnI6+RKXs+PzCQyQfeicgb55IssvRjH1mC+jdzsycpsNwzc+5Jf5V2kx/iTNx5+gxaQzNJ1yjh+mGlJz0jk+H3+Wz6YY8dmsa3w6/zafLL7LJ0vN+XT5fT5b8YAvVlnyzToram+2p8FOFxrv86DhPk++3+vJd3s8+Wq3B58e8OFDfX8+OBHA50e9adEcWdcAAP/0SURBVLXBkhGyzHW99nKm1XKMGk/ESIBn3LwD1zu1x3/OZEoP76ZUHFrBoT280j8KB06QNXExXq36E9p9HNqxC3DqM4pLP3YmacN2gpasInaLgG7HXuK37yVp+wEydumTseMoPos2YD5xHp6b9hJ38iLW01dh0KwPF2r9wp0G/THtKfF4ySb+yMzmpeSuKl5IGhLgFeWTW6BGfssnPi2byOQswpLESScL8FILCc8oJfJ1n4OxReompmJBNfT+R+Ap/Svw3sDun1Kf/R12r4H3bzce3tLfYPcX8LTlfyle6V+B9+JP4Kl5Eir/0EEvXgGvVOJsoQAvr4oIAV+MxLAkFXvF+TmHJWFsZktIUgEGNy3pM2oGrboN4tJ9e53Dy6iS2kGirbBA12HA5UdO1JIDqcDSbsBI6rfrRo3m7eg4cDQrdhzC0j1A9+SFgpU4anKeiCuTOOvoH4lzYBTRGVL7iDP0FYemYJgkoIsUdxaTWaQDYrhYcg9xgD4xKeIyM7ll5czmw6eYvHQtg6bMZdKSNazep8/pW+ZcemjHyr1H6CMRuduoSfQTCI9bvJrlMs3IwhZPrUTt/HLZTy9IE6pmKaco25Dxu8R9Wb8wib8OidnckQh20y+S2xJ1TUMTMVfdPAVqMQ1L4V5kBg9iczGPytbJIa0SP6kxvfNe4iyQc0woxkaA5xBXgIlnNKclQo5Yvp16vQQsjdvziTjmbVfu4iXx+m54Ii3EWWrqtGTmvjMct/TkYUweu0wcWHnenNoDpjBg1T4d7NSNDhv53RsuAew4e4GfBwwSmKlnjz9G07AvI/bast3hBTujYVlYNh02H0RTWyCvPtfUo8nUFexMymVLeDp6/hlc8iugWe/lfNhAAPtFb3bei+OITxk/rjBC02UBw485sMU5n5UumQw28WKUfSgzg5JYF5nJLv9k5hiY033WZs7bhuqeMGk5cq44vaZ83r4X8/YeZcNJA5r1GcS8/Se5FZTKrYgSLgQWcTeuHBdxvH4pWYTHC/CSksThZZAlhTNe9nNwVBEnTYMFqF4M2utA102PaLv8Dt+NPca7Pbfw1fBDNJl9gZYLr9FqyU1aLDOhyTJTGiwzo86yu9RZ9YA6662pvcmBWludqb3djTo7Pai7x4t6e32ov8+HBvu8+UHA1uiQL/UP+VHnkD/fHfTj64P+fKYfxCcnQ/jobAhfnvSn7Q47Jsy/wfr+BzjReinX287mfvfJWPYdLvDpwtWubTDs0JTzv7Tmcp+OmPXrgXXf/th07o3Njz3x7DWKwFHTsRs4ihude2I/djJ3Bw7HbNAIzIePJWjpOpwmz8V/3mqCF23EatJ8Lg0eh+nMxViv2oLHih1c6TSCx10m4TNgET6zt+K87QjkF/Hi16dUvHpCam4WmXl55Mo0Bbw4AV6EAC9U9mmIAp44vHBxeJG5Ks2p5myq9YZigeg18P6MtKL/jcOLEaCp5/aV/h16Sn8H31vA+y/6D+CJXoPuP4FX/bn63j+BF6fmFdAp6FUDT3VJJZFW3J2KtrEyX6LMEyfR1sYvhiPGd0gpesk0qUn6jZlJiy4D2Hn8AsnyvRwBheokIKagCn9xY/l/wC0HT7YcN2SoxM/WvYfQqucgtokdDxUXmFb+kpTS57oRrSIFboni7NQTGZMWrqbr4DFclqjpI7CbsngNLkExomjcJNpeumfFuj36jJ61mPZ9h0m07sLXjVvz3ncNxOHU5eumP9Jx0Cg26J3ksW8ofgJDNSRg+tPfKRSIaVV/e0mZhGQWElci61tcJfG9lEB57yUng11EPObyvTuegQKmQO4FRPA4MhFHiZkeWcW4S/x2zy4lSO0/cXjJAsVMWa4avd1aCr1tZDZOsQU4xuRj4Z/ETqN7DF24ma4TFtFmyDRqqwF9arekab9xOqBpGvzIp61VM53Pmbx2D7ahyew4c4N36rahYc+R3BcX+Cgmh1A50dQ4wlf8E8R9iWuq25ZFx65yXlykS3IJPlJTPwyMZNLqdRJt68jyvpR5evJhp6XsfVzOnpAXrArPor+eATU79ZfP1V3wWnzYZTjbwpM5mlPJPnGiZwJy6DPnEN82nyCft6H3gtMM2G2Cprk4yGZjGHvKgWX3Y9jim8fa4FwWh6QzOyiezfFZ6MVmMe7UVZpPXIShWwRmkVnMl3X8sssw3fp816E3XUdPpkbL9izYdQyzgDTMwku55FuARXQZHukVBErcCo/X6iJtWnoWycmZ+AdrCUypYsU5a/ruusf3S67wmUTKT2YY8K1Ez4ar7/DDWjMarTOn9Q4bOhxy42c9T3466EnrA5403+9Js/3eND3gR5ODATTRC6LZkVCaHwun5YlIWp2MosXxcJrqB9NIz58GB32oK6ot0KspqiHTvjoWxBengvn0TCDfnPCms0B35kpT1kus1Wu9APM+y/GbvgHPSTN5MLg3t/t15Erfdlwd2oVb4/tiOW0kDtPH83DIYEy69MBq0HA8Js3AcfxkHgwdxbXufTBs35UjTdqwr35zXKct4EbPIViPno7j5PmYj56K8cCRXBg1gYvjpxKx8wgPhs0icMo6khcdIH7LaQL1L0BxJS+eVFFaWU5yWjrpWbnk5pWQmlVIbGoO4XKOB8s+DlbX8DKKCc+u0F2rVy0zYl4DT3fjQgD2b+3x3typ1Uk+10nmVe33YgRefwKv9H+C3l/SxJUpqP2LVCF7I3n/d+D9HXo64Ckp2L0NvNfQU//rwFkh8wjsYuX70crhKeBJNI0qfi5AeEWy6kNPdoiH1LI7jl3AOzKdwwY3adl5APXbdGPt3hPEiSNMlWVE51XKzqskVICgnrMNETcWKRCLzqvQtf3xFDcWK//nChwjM4txkQgXI/Nmi7tzDIxm/9nLfNmwFZ9JzGzZtR8tuvaVWnQl4+Ytp0mHHmg+/obW3fozf/0O5q3dxpQla5m1ejOr9xzhgrmV7gZJrETC5LLnZAjglBJLVQeSZcSXPJFtkW2W12A5+K6xyVj6h3HT2ZOL1k5cc3Tnnk+wgCoJv8wCAUg+7nKC+Mi8gQUVhJbJfil/gY+4SydxnoGyj0KkUoiQCmDr6WuMXbRZQDtVKoHh/NB2ALWad+ejOj/xQZ0f+UgA9dEPP/NNmx582qwz/WetZJW+EW1HiItTvbt88wOdhk/D4LYNzj5axk9dJXGzEZ2GzuCyQyAX3UJ1zWB85aQyj8uj++Itus4IGg+dzqpTN7EX1xhc+AJ3ccCHTS3oO28JjYZMlWX8JPAbwoozIZyK/o0NArzlFs5M3HSQOi16oXnvBz5oN4gN7mHsTsxhY3Qq+8WlzTtyl+9bTUTzfhcBssCq+XDZ97KsZiMZesic1ZbR7PCT+YMzWR+TzcKQODbHpbJLKotZt82pJw56m4U9N+VcOfBIXODm47zTVDV5aSxqiObL7xkwZYlUCGncDy3hqncej6PK8EuXc0ecR0R8AtqUVJIysohJzsAlOBbnlHKmnX7Ij9tu8cEicZvzjXlHwPf5enFwu6yot1/i6CFnmhz1ork4sOYnA2h6XOB2NIDG+gE0OizSCxT3Vq3GesE0ORJC06NhNBPwNTseRnOdQuT/YBqLGorqC+i+PxZI7VMh1DoXSo1zgXx/0ovees4s2vKA1cP2sqPlTBwm76L8+E0CFi7DZ+F03BdOxGPVNFzWz8J563w8dy3Hf89afLetxnvDKkK3bSJuz25id+4kctNWwlZvJERcXfiSDdzuNoToZVuJXrEN7bo9RK/dSdiGXQRs3onP9t24b99FkhgJX0kIvnM24j1tA/cnrcD9oAFIeXtVIQ6vrJKUFHXjJ4+c3FId8FR71TCBXZACnpwr6hGzCCm7qkWG7nFV9SBCmYBNzrNYBbzX0HsDu/+A3r8C7zXsSn+rlpiuN47vv+m/A0/pLeAp/R146kbE28Cr/uxP4Il0wHutWPm+Ap1yemqsStUXXrgCnsTaaPlcfTdVbVj+U8LTS9l25DxX7zviHpxIzSY/U6tZR5ZuOSTWWGJm0XPdQ8lhOWWEigLFtYWrmwQCvaC0ArHNEhlluQUSF9UNBDWS1TWJvUu27qfb8In0GDmZwVPm6S66v/+dFIpPv+Odb+pxz9FLF4H3nDLmoMFVHnkEohWo6tyhal8kTjHrye+kymtC0RMSxbUlCeQisovxl9osIqeEBIFVTGGFgK4A35RsvJIy8E3LITiniKgScZZVsj/K5TtSO4YWlRNaWE64TI+ufEGKrG+OrG+uirgi1R2+a4rUlMVPdV1kecZl8f2PPfi4Vks+/rYZH33RmM+/aU6zH/vStd9Euour6zhgIp82aKsDm+pH74KVOx7J+ey+eIcvlLur14rrjz2IT63E3jaEti368slnjRk1cw0PAhNwz3uCt5w41mklmAhEzrmG8tHP4tK+akwPmeeaawSOiYU4pBRgGh7PDhML1qqeV74UJ/hxV0YsusxxnyJWukdxRCL4SWtv+k1YzntfCozbDGDFQ3dWBkWxNEbLBt8odpr7CrBH8a1E2vodZ9Jl1QlqjlmLpsMkuq43YKuDlu0+qaz2jGVdSCIrQlTnBvFs8A9ilb0DdWbMZNyJcxzzDOViUApHZZv6qo5NZX11DdM1n9Ko40DMvZK4H1jADe9cbAV4wWlVErnyBHiJxAnw4gV4YVJobUNjeSQudrzhI5oqt7nyMpo1N3lv+wO+0nOk3lmJoIaB1DUM5ntRnXMiiZ51Tsv7kyIFrSPyuV4AdQ/4Cxz9/pLE1fqHBIbi7pqdCKXlmQjaGETRyiCS5uciaHImlB9kOQ0Fdg2NQqlnKBA97cmQYy6s3P2IFSN3s7HVVNwXSZy854r/ouXEblpF8v4NFF04TPblwyRf1iP5mj5pN0+SfussmbfOk33DmLyrF8i7YESBoREvr93hj6v34K4DPnJMU7cc4/cL96k8e4usI0bkGV6n+KY5uSb3SLlhQuy5S4QdPIPVnPVcGzaHze0GYLn7hJykJbyS871KkkyanKcZGQVk5ZSSLOUwWrk6mRYoChIDEirlNVIq7hh1M1MHKAUsKe9Kr6Gne8zsX6D353Q1z38A7zXs/ga9N/r/DbzX0HsNvD+d3f8CeCrCKtDpBuYVd6eAFyHOTklNU+BMLP9d4FFBcsmvnLn+kG16hvhKoes6YLy4hC5MWrRB4FWMVlxjlDg8rXwvTjX5KHuBmXsA+tfvsfn4edYfPsN9jyDdY2hi/jhvZiURdzDfNG2nu743eel69Ixu0mHAKD6s3ZiG7bszeck60soEvOIKM+V7qj8vdXfJW5xiqBy8WPVeXt0jE7D0CsJU4GjjH45vQgZhElGjCwSy4ui0CngSXSPyBchi70PzS8WZVYidloOtxlaokPheJev8RPaBTAstLifu2SsSX/1B4ss/dE9fKNili7TPVFf6AtYncvAkwodJLblky0FGTl3MB19KrNa8K/qMSTNWEpcqMS0kicPnb4tbVcMp1tbdMLD2j8E3uYD7vpHU7Nib2p37YiEuKyqxGIMzpvxQuz2ad+swet56HGQ+q+wSXAXoNjnlPBSomYSn8HG7vuLQavJFmz4cN3XiYVgabnKczrkHMk3/rMTEeJoOXiAurb3Aaypz9B+w0yOWM+FpnHYLY+q6I3zwtQCxTgdWPnBlsX8oi7UJrBV4bbMWd9R9Fl9+2o1Jy89wNaqcNWZ+OvD12n6BQxJ7N7nGsdwhhKGX77HWL5ydYdHsDAxio5MjDefO5sclKzkXEMv1qFwuB2Sy5aottbqKU1TP0n5Ri9od+3HBLoSrnqnc8s/HTkpMkAA/PEkcXlwScclpxKVnSwHNxDZcq3seecZ1FzqetOMrAc1Hu6359IAjXx31oOYZf2oaBPOdYRjfnY+gxvko+V90TvbvmUhqnYygtri37/VDqXs4mHqHgqol0Vb3Xpxeg2OhNDoZLoCLoJl8r4nArtG5cH44F8YPBiE62P1wMYQfjP1pcc6DoccdWbHHgk2TD7G363wsxqwjfs1B7IeMxXPUCPwnjSJy4VRCl0wjYPk0AlfPInjDAiK2ryR6z0bCdmzAf+NacYGrcV62Gh9xcP5b9PDdfBTDoXMwmbkRl21neLzxGCarDnB36wksDhpheug81/af5cLWo1zcoMfhaavZPXohMzoN5pb+earEZJSVVFIq53W6VPBpUqmn5ZagzZK0lZanKz+BouCMIsLEhESJwdHxQQef19fWBHyqecl/QE+kc3xv6zXwVF+bum7jlf4JvP+AntL/CDwVQVVzktd667O/A+8N9Kr/r96YathV6y/gKcgpRb1WpE4vdFKD9arre6pjT3XrOucZPHAJZsKcNdh6RDB98WYa/NidgRPn69rnJarlSW1RLFDI/h0uWbuKw1DPqtanWY/B4hR6sVHfgIPGNzEU2D3yDhNrnUeUFGI1Irrq7NNTIpV9QDQPpNC6RSTKcksISMiSqJqGvUTeh+LuHnmFYBcQhXNonMyfouuCSrm6DNUcRUiaL44sX34/tUp1hiBQE8UKoOLKnkp0f45WXFvCk1ckvfidlFeQ8PxXYp+8QPtC4P7rH0RVPSOwsJTQkgrCSqUAimIq5XtP5TvPfyddvqO7qSHKePaHxOcXunU0d/Dip24DxZnWElf1HYPGzECMqO5PDDLzVu+Q6TV1snQNwjU8mSDZvga9BtN7zlKpHIJxD0pi5ar91PqmlUCzBsOlMvEUJ3snIwdbgfJjiea2cpKaRabxtboW+KF6mqQ+myRK3fGOxT33KZvviAuatgCL+AKWHb7JRzV7yrKaiLPsQatZG5l/5QFHPMJZc+oO738lYP2kCcvuO7E4IISFSQmsEZe3xtaH7tO28OlnXegxbjMb7nix9WEI2ywFlEbWnJLcs8YhnHnmbtSV82C9iz97/cM4HBTCVns7WiyYxxeDR2AQEMe1iDzdgDu3w/MZvGYfNXsO4Z0Wbfm22yD233PmrHMsN+Vz27hy/CW2hkq0Vs/TxiWlE5+eS3hqDg5RKbgW/M4y8yAGXwmg2Skfah/zooa+F98c8+HbE/58Iy7sq7PhfG0YzTdGcXx7Pp5vDeOocTaWmqdjqH0ymu+PR1LvWAT19cOpf7Ra6n3d4xHUOyES4NU/FU6D02HUE2dXV1xiPcNqZ9fwogDxskTdS/60Oe+u6914yY477JxzlOMDV2HcZSrXfxrE3ZZduN+oBY+aNMW6RVNsfmyB7c+tsevSFoceHXEZ1AvXkYOxGjqI2/36Y9C9D4e79EWvzygODpnO6h7jmdN5LIsGzGP1xPUsnbiBuRPWM3f6dubN38/MBfuZMm8v0+btZtbcHUyfuo55M9YzavgMjIxvkScpJaOohLzKJ6QVlZJSKAknr5gYibTh6fm6a3eBohBJJxFiUNTlLTVOrerwt3qs2t+l/P+OGjNHdxPiLeDprum9LflM6W3gxSqY/RvwROqzf5MmrlxApvQn1F7D7m/AU3oDPNHfgPdab9ydfP4X8JR9FTgJoKLE0SkpZ1cNOuVwZLpaXuXvuuYqSWpHFIhDyqnCzjeGMTNWEBCdxaZ9Z6jb6hfa9R5JvHweV/hcbHIRSVUCAYGjdUgcs7fsY/vZy5i6BXBTgBAo0VZ1MZ0u8ygwqUHOtFLD+MRn4iGwc5cT21f+dwlPwPieNduOnefg+Rvcd/XHMThWB76ApGyCUvJ0B061qYsSu66VKKuViKktfkJKxUvdDYrE8hc64EWImwtXfYFJRE0U0CU++1UXUdUNDPUa91T2RZXE8fIqwsoqCS6WGF5agVtaJqni7FT8jtANLSjQE+ikCPjUDRk13oYCbFrFC7KfSeUg7vGQ4WUa/qQ68PyQTv2Hkyrro5rSZFf8yskLt2X6J3zydQO27j1BQn4VAbI/mgwYzs4bpjwKicUlOJEZElHefac2H33XgtFrd/Aot4gLqeKCcvK4lpiGjdTgtqlF/DR6tsCuLpoarZix5hBmPlqsk4q5FJrIyENnsEwqwehRIPWbqbu2DXX6ssMI5l+8z26PMFacvcc7CnifNmOysSmrI2KYHh3OqsREljn78qNucKBmNPplBvpOcZzwTuOkXxab7SUWRxSwzTOesYZ3+Wz0HNY+cGGffOdcSARH3Fz5cf5cPu0zkC33HLgtcDQKyOde0jO23HVm3P7jfNKjD5rmbVl26Z5E3nQu+mdiFVcirreUkAQBXkwy8cmZJCqXLlHMLT4LL6lJV5mLo7wUQPNjntQ57EnNw958d1TcncTWbwVSX52N5EuDWL4wjJdXLV+di+ebswK90wK9UzHUEejVOx5FAwFffQW/E5HUPRkpsTdSPhMXKMCrfTK0+nqdALTWWYnC58XdKdhdCaXp1SBaXvXnZ2N3BupZyH43Yu2kXRzsvYjzHSZi0noQti174vpDWwKa/ES4gD32xw7E/9yJ6PY/E9q2HYEdOuDduQu2nX/BpHMPDDv3Qe+XIezqN5GNI+Yzf8RipgngpszczZTFR5mw7DRjVhoyat1lRm6+ybCtJgzZeptBm64weL0hg1cfZ8yGo0zerIf+nYdyfko5zsuRJFVBaqUYkVLVF14hkdkFYlwEeFJmAlPVUxalROaLERAeqM5/VTMUBS01Bk6EpLnq8XAkor52ef8BO6XXwFMdC8cKNP8OPDESf0rA9kb/gJ2SJl5gp1QNvTdwe0v/W+CJ/gSe0r8AL/J1hI1Q/8sydcCT39UKlFQX7mrwnRTZoKCkArwi0mjSvg+7jhgza9k26rfpTtteI3VxV13n89RmESg1R4wsS0krBT1VSnz2r+KK1B3Nyt9IE4imVUF4Vimukck4hsTrnse1FWenBm1Wr86hWsIzi8mUeVWD5lixSuqaX5BY8biCSiTdCDR/I0ncT6JSiQKuakskUbSoioRSeS+wiZJIGyZ2PiRHarNCibfi8JKe/0aWQChF1imqXOKrOLnIyqcESE3olZ1HmIBP++o39t004ajZfeIEhtHi8pLEBcYUlpEsUSH3xR8CuV9JkugQlZ0vTjSfDJkvUcA4cfFyNO98QJ3W7bB09yVWataIlGxsBfqqB5hadVvStftQcsU9e8al0XLYGKwSUnHUpgvw05g8e42A5jNqtuzKyI07uRSfwJnkRAyTkzgdGolVTgluOZVM2HCgun1e854MmbYGm4gcHsTmYRiopfHsFay78hDnqAIGDFnAd+rmhXpc7MtWLL/2iC2eYSwxvC/vBXjf/Ejf3SfZGp/E5LBAVorLW+rhRwOJSRqNOMjve6BnG8FZv0zOBedxKqqIbT6J7PRJoKvErPf6jGf51YfseeTCSdnew/b2tJk5g8/7DGL03jNcCMrliHMK1+OquBZfhJ5nMHWnzkTTtA3Tz13nhkw765XIwxg5vxKLCNHm6B4vS5RjnaIqM3G03nLu+ZXCmnshDDvvQ/ODLtTb78b3et4CsEAanhWXZhAtsTaWbwzi+cpQYCfA+1qA9+3ZeL47E0ftM7HUFafX4HQ0P5yK4ofTAj5RvTNR1JXYW+e0AE+gWfuUAE9gV/tMELXPSew9H0yji8E0FXfX8mog7QR4v1xwZ8D+e4xbeooFY7eyrddCcWqzedBjOq6dRhPUdiDa9gPJ7jyE0h4jqBT3VthtMKkdehL5Uxd8fuyEXfse3O06iEt9x3Fi+Bx2TVzJmtnbWbTyGLO2XWbSHhPGHLBg1BFbRp50ZdgZHwafC2Tw+VAGG4XR94wnvY5Z0/vIXYYcv8XiG4/Yb+VE9Ktf8ctJl/JbKsajUspgGREFArucfEIl4gaLywtKLSQsS/WRJyZB+KAePEgQqaEeogRA4SWvqqEnAFPNRt4Gnq65ipJM093Jle8o4MW9Bby/QPe21PTXegt2fwPen+B7A7r/0GvY/S+A90ZvwKegV+3u3gBPJC5PSbk95fAU8FIEOsmyIVFZEg8zK2jcrjc7BXhbDxrwvRRKdQ1PObz4Iol2qiGjuo5XIY5H9WT85A9C5YR1Fud2V2Lq+ft23HHywSksAR+BY1CKstgFuteApFxRDqECtmj5jrZI3Xx4IVB5ToL8r6AXk1ehm5YtEJWEo4vP6k5sSsUrAdELsmR6aqXAuvSp7kZFkrivlCfqgL7UuTzX+BRiyp5g7heM3i1Trrt46MAXIhE28eVv4vSeYR4UxlbjS3zS6kc0depx6Ppt2Q+vCBWwJQjgMsXhRQngouXkUc8HqzaHbmHRuIVHkyJgNHNw4asfmvLut7U4ZHBBXF6lRNrfiEzMYtCIyXzyeR3q1GvFAwdvMmV9u0yagX1yBp5pebpLA7MlIqrnUD+t34YO0+ZxJjiUS1kZ3MjN4UJMPHYSax3SCjl8x0aA10Dn8IZOX4tDtMRCcUg3Y7LpvmEfQzcckgqolK27jan7XUfe+7CpzNsWPccQDoYmscfSF41yeHU6037OBvZHJ7M2LYXlYeHsDY2n47wtAm6JwvV7Me3QTYwDczAMzdcBb4lNEDPvOKHpP0WcWjfGHjzP5ZAE9B09WXjeWGAnDq5xaz7pPZZhuy4yx9Cew+6pXE+q5JzE8YkGl/hl815W37XnfHAaZzy0mAVnyHmSTXBcDvESa9OkwkuX452gHvNLFEcihWyTRSgTJNJ2OuFJm+M+tD4dyE/nI2h3JZ4frybQ4koiTa4k84Oo4eUkGlxKpMFFLQ2N42lkHEcT41iaG8fQwjhaFEUzoyiaGkXSRNRY9xohCqfJ+TCZL5yWF8JpbhCki9Ctz/rx8/kAuor6nPNm5BF7pm8zY/EyIzZO1+PQxF0YjN3E1aHLuNN3Ng97Tce+1zS8BswmaMh8/AfNwq3PZB52Hcm1nwdj1G0MpwfNRn/8avbO2c36JfosXGvAzF0mTNK3ZvRJJ4ae9hDABTD4UgQDrsTQ76qW/jeSRIn0vhxGT4nWfQxtGH7BklWWbhz3CMC3uJTQwjwpe2WkPq0kobyUqPwCInIEenLOqtYSqtOMcDnXYtSTVOW/kSxlXI1p8zbwlCLlfzXi4ZvrdMrNvQHdX/oLeHFvIPYP2FW3H37dgckbyXxv9B/Aq4aaumv632CnVA047Wv9T9DTuTyBx5/Qe60wNaqUKE6clW6MC3EiquFxiqyk8I52PUewef8Zzt98pGuWsufUZWJyqwQ6qt88iY0COuXqIgqf4CUA85fYFp6r2vpUiUN6QqKse6rMoxopR+aU6SJtmsA1VSCZItuRLZAtEAip1xRZz2SZP0Wkc3Oyfuo1tfJXHexkFh38lLtT4JPVI+eV2HN1p1Zgl/FcorPEz1yBo3J697wCdLF021ljPm3Wmi/FhVmHxxBaUKK7C5v88nfCisqwCAhhhDi1j5u0YLXeUdKf/4qVQDIoJUv3JIe/gPPi3Qfctnbg7M071JRljZu3CG1eEfJz9BurmnR8woR5i4mTk0x2o65JwNkLt/jo89p8+FltFq/bSYlM7zF1No8i4wgS55YlJ92GHcf4SIHs87p890s/jri4Y5qfx+PyCsxSM3EurORRbAY20Zni0H4QKNVk3MJtuMRJ9MsSYCcUMmLvKZqMmI1bXDHm1iG0bTuMGvW78kGjblyLyuGcNg+jwDQB4M981KAnTfpO54BPJPpFJSx39+NkUCL9VoiDrNGBDyUSNx+9En012r1TLNtc4xh71ZpuBy/onvzQNP2Fflv00XcJ4qd5y6k9YiyajhLrf2gtMP2Rj/vMpO/WS6y9F4hhZCFnIrLQD4jlmH88R9yj0XeO4pxrPLe8ErALSiEkNpvU9GJyBHSZ4kDU0IIKeGHiQHZbRTLvjjicCwKdC0H0uRJBv1vxDLybQr976fS8m063uxl0Mcugo2kaP5uk0O5WIm1vakVxtLsZS/ubMfx8M5qfb0TR7noUba9FiiJofz2SDjeiRVF0lGndbsTS+3ocnc8E8uMBVzoc8qDnMX/6ioaIppwKZMmZAFbpu7J2tyXrN95i4/LzbJx3hE1Td7F51Dq2DV6B3sh1GEzcxoWpOzGatgP90Wtl+hK2jF3PltkH2LzyHBu23WTZXnNmH7KS5boyziiAEZfCGHI1isGy7kPupDDILJ0BZpkMvCcV570MBprEMehGAMOuuTH5liObbX2k0onFOVXcnUAu/UkF6RJpk0pKJH0VECXAi5BzMVSAF5JWRER2ObGFUqYEVCmqnCvgVSrgqYH/xSAo4EmZ/3OIVylcbyLs27BTg3pXD+xdDTyd/oTcG6lpb+kt2ClptFLwlf4Tev+i15+/Ad3beht61eB7C3oCPJ3LU45Owe416EIFSqEFAieZRwEvUUCm3FuabFyK7IQZy7YwZOICLF2D+anncAHeFV30zFWgkeWlCoUyBVixstzAjCKdVLu8cIGbekg/ReCWJ/Oqu7UKciqeqvdqkJ/cF9WwKxJAZYo7VM4uUdbpjcuLlzgbL3BLKH6q6+lEXUNLKX/JQ88gMp/9oQNIWpVY8Vyx8xUvddfpVBf0KlInSpxNeyY7uOSJAOx31h45KQWyAcdN7hEtUTRFImpYXrHump2CmtFDazTf1uY7geJ1AduZ23fZcPAoD9196D5MPYVQg7mrN+IgIGzbsx/bj5wg74lshPyduHidD2vU4fvmP7Lj8Ek8Q2O4ePs+jhLnBo8SV6T5hBadenPO9CG1fu6KTZRWjslzcmWbbt934sPPBXgf1eSdRm048MiWm4nJWEnktkjNxl0iu5W6ppVRxoeNOsh6NGLi0l24J5TgmFSKS94LRmw/Rv0BkwnMfIFnWB4btxvwdaPuaGq35UJwKhcSCjDRloh7+4UPa3elboshzDlzm21hsRgm5nHJP5n2kyRafyUu9/Mfeaf5YGYcMWXzwyCmXLahwUqB4fC5aGq2QfNTP6adNWGHlSef9h+Fpq3ATrZb00peOw/jp0X7WXLDm/0uqZwJKxLg5XE2MofzkXmc9knmlKuWix7J3PZIwFpiclicaij7hMJicfLq0UZxIYHpZXhmv+S4i5bVDyKZfDOYcbfCmHA3limWKcywzWaaXS4TbXMZa53LSKschj7KYuDDNPpZJNPbPIFe5vGiOHrdjxVF09M8ih53I+lhGiEKp/fdKPrLZwPMYxkkyx1jnswks1QGCdg6b7Gj5zZnhu71Y/gef0bvD2SeQSLr7+Sx1iSDZVdjWWgUzOxT7ozdc59hG66x8NAjdht4sHrHXWbPP8uadTc4IEDbue8B67ebsn7fQzYcc2TtWS9WGgexWOA950Yc001TmHw/iwkP8xj3uJBxNqWMsy9nrEMFY0RjHSsY71DKeOssJlnK/Bby3Yc+HHANxSQyEQ+pFFPLy8mqrCCzrIyU4mKpiAuJzRbo6W5cFOo6DYjMqSBO9q8yNKkKeKL4/wDer28BT6D2N+CphxXeAE8YofQGYv8AnOqt6U/J5//Un8D7p/4Jvr8++0/Yva1/g16suKYYkc7lKegp4AlUQgQqwfkSX2WaiqRqh8TLyZehMr44uTPXLGjbYzgBcdkMnDCXzYcNdKBRjitZYKYG5VbAU9fv1G1vBbsIeX3b3WUIIHWQFD7kC5AU5NSrgp4OfLKMdIFhoqyPVj2BIQBWDZajBZpR2SVEZBYRJ+sYph4/E+08ZSSRt1yc6FNxe7L+Eg+jJfolCUTCs1U7wFypyZ7pHKCCoOrb38IrkE8aNmf5Xj2JvyoCP8UnMZ3MF3/orjc6hcXwdbM2vF+7Ac6h0Vw0f0StFj/hKv+funKLxu27snTTDuR4MXLaHMxsnJDjj5wvRCRn0rKTAEajEZi0ZdfRM4yfvZiwhExOGF0XV/aZAO1rfuo7FDUuh2N0IulP/yBb9klEQh416wswBHiar75n4+WbUnNHYCMnrHV6Ht6yT2wU8DLLqdVxAJ826cycTfp4JJZiJe7NXWqBvst2UL/vRAIEeAGJFTj4plK343BxbC3FiYVhHJXFzdgCNC366G5cfFejG/0X7WbZY1cMQlIYt+GEwLCrxNKeaCQOa+r14v0O4/h21DLeH7FIYDePz6atof2WE7ReuY+199057hfHaDkX+m8/SM+Nu5gsFeGmB94ccEnkqE8eR3zzdUM7HvTJQM83jcOeyRxzTeSMcwIXXBIwEZdn7aUlMl4NM/iSYilsOcVyvkhlq3rzsJX1veSfzi67WBabh7LAIpKl1gmscs5kvWcBa72KWOlRyFK3Qha65DPHKYcZDplMtktlvG0iY220jLaJZ5RtnCiGkdbRjLCKYrhlBCMeRjDGKoaJdglMsk1ginUiC20zWWmZzdTTwQxaZ83wNfZM3OTJxPVeTN4cwArDLHZa/8YGh19ZYFPB5Ef5DBOn2eViMC2PO9PqkC3t91nTaftDem9/xCzDYLY9ymHH4xw2P8hgi7xusS1kg20Rq22LWWFfxjLnKha7PmOB+wvme71ins9vzPP9nXn+f7zW78wP+I2F/i9Y7CVu3DWDNY5xbHMM56xPDA+jUwjOzCOjtJzcsnKyS8TpFRaTJMlDmy3QyyzUPdUULg46SoAX/wZ4UtEqc/NvwIv6G/Cq9SfslP4GvGro6fS/AN0b/Vfg/bv+HXL/VDXwqkFZDT3V8Pgv6EWWKOA90QEvRGASJQBU0FJDMKbIjlBOLElOPr/YTI4am5As/09btpldJy/q4me6FFatLCdepNYrUiClnk2NleXESiFNkmUlye+qYeLU9Tl17StONSCW31duLl1FYfk/TdYzS93FFegUCUwU/JLUugj4qmPuS3zj03XAi8kr556LL73GTsUhOFqWXapbbpDEx2CBnJVfmFh3cZgZ+bqo6RGdxMUHNoxduIINeid4t2Z9ZqzeJO5RPSkiBStTCpv8pvrdkJRs+o2bhubjr3AT52PvF0qfURPF1W3irq0Lo6bP46fu/YiXE0n//GWi03N1XWnnqyYv+aUs3rBdgPcOmk+/oe/oSeLoehIYm4KTXzh1mrcT51STD9UYIF/WwjFCq4vpCnhRqUXMERetG3xc8xH9Fq7EUY3S//Q3gmWeQNm/94LjcUsp4uufevFd277oXX2Ea3yhrs+4czb+NJc4+0Hz7hwzdeaRXzI+2jJm7TgtgOvOjZhcfGVfnPKMFaiJC/uwBZ9+IuvToBuabkPpsnov3/WZzDs/D2X0gYvMPmHG2osOHLSNFldWyh6vFN1YF6vswjjgn8Y6q0AOuMeKw4hg4ZUHrL1rxz4HX075J2AQlstuh3gWXPdiqpETEwzsmHjenqkXnZhpbM8CQ1uWnbNmi5Edxg8DcQ5II0q2IzOzgrz8Z2QXviBVFCXW10mmm4Zlc9IjkR2yLlvt49jpmsI+72wOBRRyILCIvf5F7PIrZJtPAZu983Rjdqz1zGSVRxor3FNY5pYkQExgiZuWRQLYBc5xzJeYPs8xlgVuiQKRVJZ4pbPUI52NbrnsEse49oLE6O3OzFppw8xFVsycZ8XcpU6sP6pl34OnrLd5ynyHSobeS6OtUSD1jjrxzT6pHHc/pNk+K3occ2PSxTDWPM4W2D9jv1clO1wK2e1Rwn6fCvb5VrLHt4rd/k/YHfiMnUHP2R78nG0hL9ka+ootos1hr9gU9v+x9h7gUR1pur/vc+/m2TAzuztxPdGTHMc554BzxhFjGycwNibYJAMmmJyDyCAySgglBAgJ5ZzV6pxzVM4SvP/3q+4WMuOZnb33z/O8dKv79Al1qn71flV1qoaVPm8Yxuz6Acyr7sDCCi+WlliwtkSHA7UmnNE70cT86Ip0wNfWyQqjHQ5GBhZGLgYPTYIrhGZGXI2OMFq8XWrsrDxJZRsDvJZR4MkQNQHeyP8d8Cj9X6krDATG5fpT0Im+HW5/Tt8GvCj0pC0vCrx6gqpOnm8llGQAsYXwkc4ACSHF5UnIxzyIMJ3MrGWbMH/tDpV4GoarErKKm6vztKHC5mdtE4LMnV9Pl2dlCGsh9HafOIPJXy5XY+6qzV7oAz0KfFovHRy3a6WLM9INhhnWknkKePXclzxFITAT8OVUNKJKhqeYPQw1U/C9q67F9GVrsWxHIs/1IqotHmxhuCggHD95Om5/4gVu7yIorfibH/wMKedKsX7/Mfzv7/8E9zwzXk197SJMbG196rpY1tBAaM5Zvl4BqazZCANd4aK1W/FPhJTMKbY3OQPf+9lvMJch67vTvkCV1oJaOkTpoNAy0x1Iz8E/0B1e8X/+Cf/y01/hn378CxTUamCkE33ytXfxvV8yHPy7f8V3fvZbnG3QqTBdBlfXmXxIJjD+z3/+UgHvu9ffrqZIl0WDZMaWWt6vPQVVkFXW/vkPd+APj4xHapke57QBnGKo+NoXq/GdP9zHcP1avEEHtje3DqW2XhxhmHolQbhCHF6jA88u3oYrfn03Hebv8Xf/dB3+44an8Nu3pmN2RglmphTg3X0Z2E3XuJXQWltkweoSO1ZVebCixodl1KIyOxacN2B1lQsb62Q9WC3mZVUQeGfx/t50vL7lOJ5dcxiPLj2IexYk4sZZO/GHT7fimuk78MfP9+D2z3fjgc934vEZ2/DGvF3YcKgQxXVetGhDMOijC/i4fP2w+PuZL3pRYmlHRosP+wjFDQx/1xUZsYFOcXO1W3WmbKkLYBO1oTaAdTUBrK3xYw3Pc3WNl/JgZZUTXxPQX5dbsazcgsVlZiyg5pWaMIevs6vsmFPnxuwG3vdaH5aUB7DmrBerDhmwZGUlZkzNxHvjD2LSc4n46JXj+GJuGRbtcWBGshdv0wnevb0KP5qfgn+akYi//2wPvs/X3y9IwQs7qzAv14d1lb3Y1jiI9VXt+LrIjVVlXmysCTN925DQ2EHX3YGEFkrTga2admzm+43U+uZOrG3qxJrmbqoHa1p6sY7ayN9srQ9gZ60LB+usyNQ4UGrxsRyF6exYYVCesEzv3g4r867JI4OPw9AQds2OCFpZZg0EnpgZWaRL2vH0lwOP76PAk46LS9D7JuxkxvQLURF43wa0/04E3jAh9/+mPwUeYRcDXhR60c6POPRa2vpVWNtIsIiaWQClHc7I38rKZAI8aWPrYqELkEQNthAmfvYlbhv3EiqMHrj5nYbwMnBftUzYcosXs9cl4NE33sdVdz6Ev/vJVfg/P/wlfn3r/YTID7Fm7zHl7ARiOl8XzOF+9VRFHW9atdFNN9mrJg0tbbWixiQj5ujcCLkPZn+FCZ/OxkfzluLzFRuxaPMuguHvCb1r8ODLbyKLTuxAdh7GvTEJE6fPVc/Y/u7OB/HerC+xgZC74m//BUmni9TCQtfwvH5z8z0EmI+2v0PNtSchKZ0+mgjjQ+mn8f0rf4vc4hq4OwZwPDtfQaqCTlGg98LED/FdhsU/u+YmFNIF1hodhCUzB11lekEZxr06kef2N8rl/cOPfs5rMTNUH8C2o2n4z99ejyv+5p/xn7+7AYXNJgVyC9Nb4F/OmvrD+V/jP66+BVf86Fd49O2PkZhfiQpPh3rao5GZ8GBRA352z5P4bO0enKVrO1rYjBc+Xoi/+/nN+Jsrb+Jx6RD/4w8Y98F87DhTj3zPILaX65EdGMJRWzsSyozYQpd25LQWpwqdOFHpxp4aO/aZwviyqJHhbSEdhB4zcmsxNbUU8/JasYoAWVHlozux4qOkCryyPRvT0qrwFd3S9LQyTNqXg9cIuhfWHsBzaw7huXXH8fymk3hhay6e2XIGT246i6e2nsfzO0rx2o5ivLejENO2nyM48rE3ox7nGLI2NPNeGEKw23itrh6YCTsNX6us7ThHEKY3unCoxooDNTYWdAcONfDvRg8ONflwsMmPAzEdbA7gsIausDWEY61BHCEsDzW4caDOif21duyutWF7nZ0u1KE6Uta1erHGQLfO619piGBTfQi7zntx8IQdB3dosOLTDMx8bgemPbIJn41LwOz30zBnWSmWpXvxyt5a3LXuDK784gD+ZcpWfOejzbh+SSpeP1SLead4jLI27G/sxaHWPuxtDCOh2ok9dKuHNX4k64NIN4WQYQ4h0xKg/HzvxQmjFyl6L8+d19bC89AEcLA1goPadhzSdvDzNqTw2k7S1edymxJWlI0yWaqvHd5wF4HXBS8jDleQ6ehvh5nRjyyBoHVGoKG0BJ6RwLNeDjyWdwW8tv8GeJfDbhR4sgDYyP9I/78ATzQWdnHFgad6fDsuqZUuT6AnTk+kifQrh6flqz4yACcTRZ6DlZ7EZmcbC+cQjpwqxlW3PYjMskbVhqcjMKWToJ4JW6Cx4Kc33oV//fW1+Okf78S//uoa3PfCG5i/bjuu+O5P8MWKTWpFM3mCo6zVpiYRcNIBynRPJ89XodrgIvR68PnX6/H+5wvVTMtHcgrwq5vuxisffYYbHnhCwWLz4VQFtEmfL1BPXMhg5slfLiXY/hlfb99HwAziXrq47//qanzA/fzjD38BPW9+iz2AlVv34so/3KQmGm0kZMlYMBkQIoib+HdZvR7XENB7jp2Eja73HJ3l3373xwxL6xHhde5NyVRtcPc98zLc3UOoIfDsHf28lhByymuxIZGA/bcfKOB9n0BuYGht7xqELtipzvmK7/w7fnPb/ajUO9RzwdIpYyd0Wxiuy8LmL02eie/+5o/K6S3YmojzBg9deD9DVwdmbUnEI5OmI6fJgXyCoMTchpemLuJ1/5Sguxq3PP0evtxxAkfKTTjP2ijT0oFDBONBbpvi7EaGtRunDV0oNfbz+ANIq3Bhw9kmrKdb2Mz7O7tah/FHT+GhjYdwz4o9eHX/acxi6Dc5rRoT9hXgs4xGhlMOzD+rw8fJZXh9RyaeXHEAD3y5DffM3URntxcvbjmJdw+XYlq2FjPP8pwLAviiqB1zi7uxpKQT64oj2F0axLEyH9KKrMimY6yuc8FqblfAs1BGRxdaeb71hHQZwZBPCORoXMjSOCkXnY0bma0iLzK1PsqPLB3dLqF51sx8KI/3cT/n+V7SKY/bnWlxI5u/O6n1ECo+HDMSJtYw9vG6d7k7sZMh9QEtgUKXdzYvgKIkB/bPycWipzdj9j0r8PndK/H5izvwyZRjWJdixVPLM9TymL/9bAd++tEG/OKTLXhldxE21bTjcFMvkhs6kaHpRJa+Ayda6eBb7MjQOXh+bhQ5vKhws5L3eFHjcaHG7UC104YKu5Wu1ooCg5XhvA1ndE6GrD7esxDO0HnnU0WmNpTzumosDFHp2mQ5Ukegk8Drho/yhLoIvC44mJ8sjLyMLGM6wq6V16kj8EwKeBe+ATwNedFI2DWyfAvwWkaBF4VeNKyNhbBjYUcZFOziigPt8s//VFeIq/rv9G2Au6S/HAorpzdG8QHOAj0NodeigNeHVsJO2uB0dF/SRueXcI8F3cZEaLCHcCS3GFf+8W41a7CsXCbAk8kyZaIAWSTkH372O8zbsAOHcgvx93R49zz7mnpqYuL0eVix4yAOZRdgIb+fyhD3KTrB2x97Hn+8/wn8449+iTdY2PNrW/Hwi2/ib/79Smw+kIKdSZl44PnX6fRcOJyTj/uffw359VpcecPtys01uULKMT498QNC4grC5D48/85kvv/f+PVNd2HrwRT8Gx1bCh2emZkg63wl/pkATMk5Dx9h6yDxPIS8TcYSsrZsoUu946Gn8Pyb7zOjhFCpMeOOR59RIa6E9TLzxPsz52PW0tUx1+uFRR5j80VUj1hRswFPvfUe/tf3f4yfXHcztIF21cHjYzpOW7JKucWHX57AECPICoRp7m1XY/Ok0pDhNfsyzmHKgpW49v6ncONjL+G7v78F/+snv8P//jkrjwlTsCW9gJkQqKILkjkNs6qs2J1ehhyGZ4W6NpQwlD1jbEcq3c1+uqL9DQ4WZB/SWcuUdPB3QWD90RI8O2kx7nx5Ou75YCGmJuUhkfd3q68HM0pb8NaJQjy/PxsT0wguurwPTtZi/L5zeHLzSdy/4jBuXbATN83ZiodXHsQrO7Pwxu4cpbcSz+HdY2X4KL0Bn5wy4rNzbsw4H8bnJT2YWzaAxaW9WMOT2F4awqFSupkiG7KLTKgi8MzGCKwMYc2EldHeCa2jE032dtQSSuV0QcVmHwoYVeSzAii2hlDh6kCJvY1QC1IhFFkiKOX2Va4u1Hl70eRn5OLtQYOrEw3ODtRTtXxf6elEsbsdeYRAtivCdIkghZVhirsDuawQSjU90DWw0OZ1o2hbK2bd9zVm3b4MM25fgU/GbcI7r+3Ex4tz8cBn+/DrCSvx3We+wDVTNmP8ltP4+qyVLm0E56wgmAZRZu1HuYP74fmeM7tQbHOh2u3luQWgCzGMDwVgCHih97sZ8Tjpah1ocjjR4vIxpA+r59WrCbY6exea6NabXDQnDuY1OhATr9HK++VghCXrOPvCPQp6nlC3Ap5d2soV8NqZj9tGgWdk5SnDyeThAhmLFwXeCEEnsBuiuyPwOi93eBf+SuBdgPGv1F8FvLj+HOgu1+XQG1VnHHqXgKcUhx5DWy1BZukaUWGrODkZNlKudxFelbj63nFYuHkPZHFfAZ58L3Pi2ehUfnnrffw8qIaPyDO1rxBiUuDFeh85VYi3P5uHv/vBL/BvP/89fkKndT339dzEj1SD/uuTZ4COGYvoCAWAXyxbjyMSUvK7ca++jY/mLKbLexzlWit+c+u9DHUXKRDKo14PvfSmCl3/+b+uwqIN25FTWodK1pKnyxsU8GQRIVnwp5yh5N9+7ydYvnm3WuJRS1dlkd5ghtVWZhK9M4xX3v0YV91wB45m5mHhmi14nmGsgWGDlplQ62FGlKcoymrVIOQWOjsjwwg9wwjp/HD2DCEx8wz+6/pbcf2D42DrHlTtku6Bizhbp8Hf/+gXmMLQXOYBtDFkbmGBs/eMqMfWbN0jarC1IdinQo9SvQcny1uw71QJEjIKkFapJei60cQDy1CBxsAwaklLmTeuUBPCKYZMqZVW1Xa3r1SPzQVNWJpZhil709VA4VvfnY1fPvIWfnjjM/ivm59n6LsYcw/lYWuDE4faRnCA+0zw9WOJxoNpRa34tFBL6fHWyWo8fzAfLx8twoTUCryZUoY3kkowMbkU75+oxPTTzZhfZMacQjOm5xnx8WkjPsyhch2YTLc0taAT0wt7Mft8J0PhIFadc2EbqXD4vIXpaENlvQcGXRBmhpZmSxuMdHayiI/G0c58EyGswqpdWNqIy3ifZCSAVsIvfy+qHW0UwUiYCeBkaVEZQ2pmIZY5G83SZsVoxSrDp1jBmbtkYGw/6uiKylhJnfeEkOcOIp8RSq2bMHACnVSkDrBn92L6fSswjbCbdudavP/QRrz6zGY8Nn4T7piwAT98eAb+6Y738PicRGw+T/eoG0Kxg5WgR0Y3ECY+3k8f4ct7XEdH1+zzEXJB2Nra4OrsgKu9DY4IQ3mCzxbwMwRlaO8OwElo+QkdG69FR7drYW3pYa3O7MuKeZhAG2H4eoEaJugGqD4FPIGdm1GDU6IGBbxOhrTMtzHgSUhrkF5aujhmGfW0hXRaaHgsAZ0S37cI7Pi50l9weIYxwPs2qP0lXaF6NEU86LdBbqz+BHQks9LYzy5THHRjpRsT2komUMBj4smMINLLKm1zakgJawMZViIZr4xh57g3P8CyHQfUODwj3ZE8uC/Ptcpg4JkrNqqBwhJm3vr4C7h13POqHVDHGyAzn+RWNClHJ5N87k7KwtZDqUg5U0JH9re4/p7H4GGhT8srU5D6dMFy1JrcuJGh7Pd/eTW+85Nf4/98/6dYyWM/9eZ7ePCF19HKzLT9+EnMWrYWN9w/DgLCUroysgc7jqXjwMnTeIZuTaBVwzBy075jqsf03ideRAoB3Eo4u3mdFro/O6/BwJx1IO0UFq3dhqPZ5wjfbVi9MxEWZqjskhrsOJ6OPalZDAltsLb3KeAZGEaY23rVkBuLTDnlCuCjeYtx+5Mv4GRJFV1GgLVqv2oe+HzFeqTml8HBsFt6hsVBi/tjBc50vqiG6MiYQCa5moS1WOdWBVsmZ7DxO5mosYHWspk/VusRsDYp5n/7sqrx1fYTeGveRlz/3Pv4h+sfwt/98RH8273P4d8eeBH/9tDL+N69L+I/73oRP7zlOfzm/gl4d8le7Kmw4bC1E/vpGA4QpHup9XQUC5s9mF3nxGeVNrxfoMWbOfVKb59uwrvUe2eaCTMNPsnXYVaxmQ7OjtmlDswodhKSTnxc4MHHhSFMLe7CtNIBzCwfxuySPtVT+XW+BxsIvEQJaSscqCAhdNoATMYQTOYwgddGtx0tqBq6MA0dmIYVjkzqKk8NtErlynwpDfAtni6qG1o6OmOI+ZUhlYMFVXq/PUxEb89FwoVOnnlcmiC8fRfgZCVkbqNTCrah0RdEDR1VrcNPQPSjnQ74IjViYiVfDBycVYApd67BR3cRdneuxrMPr8Vt9y/E9eMW4vaXl+O5absZ4rbQ0fG+uKXpJwqmMCsPl38AelsARu7fGgzAEWZeawsj2NWBtt5uhLu6EGhvJ7ja1ELaTm8YdlaqIcK5l64/FL4Ih7MPXt9F9PB6enk93BTdfD/IstfLctVOaAWZf73Mn246O6eEswSejeXNrIAnSzW2Q+NsZ1mRMa1MJ1YEJqaRmgSY4a0CngIdJX9TceBFYfeXgfdtQPvvROCNEHiiS+D78/AbA7M47P4c9Livb5OCHr9X0IsBT4WzAj3CTsbQ6fjeIG168jcTUJ5hlV7XD+cvUzOgSGeGgdtIj66R+5CHlGXpRhk6IkNIZn69Ad8lqGS2Y+mYkBmOy7U2/Pz62/HSpKnqmcmiBj3aWOC/9zM6vt/diBY6Lsmc1971MN6a+jmcPL8aoxMJR9LUjMe/ueUevD/rS8xduRH/dc3Natr3Vz+cpmD00ntT1RKNFXSAzAt4/JW3sXL7fmznb8eNn4hiHmsi93n7o8/iH3/wc3z0+ULoCbgQN/bRndp5LTrW9DIBgJPuy8waU3pxpZfaSqB9NGcRvvNfv8Ytjz3NQhiGLtCh4GYIM4PJPHqEnQwREPCdLKnGlxsTYG6XtGuj6/WBeVT9RkNI19uYHgxB3H3MTHQbFTIFN9OvlaG1gxkuwI1lWJCRtbiJtlce95PFl7RtF9HEL+s8/WqpTQ0L5+y1B/Gj6x/Bv/zmHvzw5idwJcH2y0ffwI8eeBn/dOsTuOLnN+GK7/4aV/zmLlz58Bv44wtT8dSUr7E+swZlLDC5vMDddFZ7GCrto2vcRnu+mhD8ShfG7CYfPqt14eNqB0WY1bgwvd6Lzxv8mFXnwUx+NqPchs9KrJhWYsenpR58Wh7EpxXt+LSqF9OqhjC9BphVzfOsGMKXJZ1YXOjD6gIb9nL7zGoXyhu90LYSDIYgTCY6Zoaxerv0MFK8P7KCvoEOWutrUxVME4kiQy1a6V7kqQwTKwYrYeck7Ly8HpmphuUaEd4Hlm14WLlYme7OCJ1TNyuebjqizh64Iu38nPfP5YbB4UGA0BySmy3y8YXn3Zreh+lP7MS0J/dhwsNb8NrT2/Dgw0txJ4H3/hdHWfnpUaW7yGPQxTPUsTqHQeOGEeapIM9Np7XAanci2BZCuCOMSEcEnT1dBFo/ukiwts5uhNoJPhLS6++Ah5AKh4fQzf2FAxfgcQwgwNqumxVbLyu7Lp7bIK/tAitAgV4XrzXEcizAc4m7o+yUjZWCWZppPJeApyHwtPIsLRNGHi+TmZG0Cm4XRkGnEdB1RyVPYSgReDJh8P8IeG1/WWOAFxPBNlbfCrxvwI4XcTnwCCfjGF0CXszlESZx4Mmofy2BJpKQVjk8fmeh4zLwsxYFvAHoQj2qN/F5OrT0klrWtlEQiqtrIixkFhN5yN/IfWyme7viX3+ITQdTUE8wyRoWrczAL7wzRS3oI8AUuLl4Lq++Pw1X/N13kXm+Sj0+9tyED3AHwSTbvDd9HhrMHjV0ZBUBtnzrXhzLyccvGXZOX7QSjzPc1RIie1Oz8fzbk3H/s6/g3372WzrJcQqY8rttPBd5X9FqUSs4ZRZWqSnkW10MoySDCNyZ4TT829U9jBAhbIn0whzpUY5Lwua5qzfhd3c+gHdmzuM1DioJ7CRclbBdHK+BhUqAJ7NUpBVVoJEArJYJSLVm5fBKWs2oNNhRrrMio7gaSXnFKGgycD+ELB2eTJtv4/2XsFaGBMlvZJYZaedrCQygwhKh46ND4XcOflbvHsSUrxLwnV/egX/57T245vGJeHzyQry7fDfeWrYTry5JwPS9GVh9uhbrztRj3ak67GKYerzOiyxS9DSBmc4DHHb34ZB/CIfoGvfy722uAazhQRa3RvBlcwhzG0OY3RjEF9RsmUygJaJeBXwzar34rNpNwHkxtSqIKVURTKnuJCD7MbVmBNMIjhnU51UjdILdWFAcwPIiB3aWOZFe40YpgafR+NXQFJMpCKMlCIPMwsP8ZCHsTAGBXiQqhqFNVi+aLV7oGHHoGPKaWZAdwQF4GZazjgL5Bho5Ven1Me1C/MDB39m9IYZ7IcIhopyVvz0CX1sQnrCfDiuIzo5+jLBiAfchDcP9ZkKsgnluSiomPbIWrz28HG+9uAHjHp2PB8bNwrylSThNN7v3SBFO5NSiusGFUOQiermPPqqb+TrS1o1guA2BCGFHWnX196BvaAADI8PoHyHYBgcQ6SaICd9IVx86e0fg8hBOGifsDO2dNgLRfxHlxQac4TEsRjpfplVTkxM6vR92mcYt0AM/y5+fZcnLMuqmcbGz/Fr8PTAwjNW6OtDC7VrcnWhlbaClM1bTyzGfxYGniUEuKlasSmOBR/03sDPFRaBdrj8BnpkHjysKvL8EPQHcWAnsYhoDvFHYdcU0Fngs/Ap4/I0MFhboyat6z8IvstD1OJl5BHoaQkHAV8sQcAohI72wb9MhlTJM1BAUcejJY2BSSE38/eGcAlzxf/6ZzusTBTwZctLKTDx35Sb819U3w8cCTgODWoMTRzPPMaz9e6zatk+tRCZtbj+TFdgbDXiJgLz/6fG8cWHM4LFlmUaNM4jHXn4LV15ziwpZBWoB7l/a2cQ1SttdOeFWb/HASnC1X2SlTTflJswEbLIau4TDZoLGSGgLiFtkkCalp+OSDgUJVWX6eCOhZ2b4WmlyIremCfUMf5wsSSa6t2Y6PROdnYSlIvJHATAaog6r72usHuTVa5QbXLnrAMZ/NE11rkiPs3S+3PHUi3j145l4Z9YCfDh3Kb5YsRmLN+/D/LU78cXKBCxNOIxtSaeRlF+H/GYXa2heK9PISBKXGNqQXW1HcpEOx4v1qg3vJEPEHIa55xx9OO8dRpa5E0ebvTiuCSCVnye3hvg+iOP8bRILVAoJncbwKZn7PUoAHmQB2+sh9KwDWK/vxurWLqzQdGFpC11fczsWtLRjXksbZhN6swi9GU1BTCMIp9aH8FFdBB/UtOO96i68T+B9VH0BHxN2CnpVF/B5RQ/mlYWwtNSNhEo30mo9KCLwmlt8MOj8MBopM+HHUNDK++MM8V4QdHq3Hy7Gb+LS9h9Px8cz52PP4RMMGYMMHXuVApEhtLGA9rPikUHn8m+I98RLZ9jcYkBDowbNrVqYbVYCzodgRxDhHoKoVxShW+pBf+8FXKBrkkd0el28l41DqMnxInN3E3KP6FGY7UR2uhbJydVIz6zD+RI9tu9JRWOrAxa6zgjh2t41SCfXjzDzR5DA84bb6b4klO1C59Agei4Mo/fiCCv2C+jFMMJ9rDTpALsIQGYb1LcacCQlC6WVLUyLEGz2LqxZux9z5qxFSakOmdllOHIsF7lnKlDfbKWrbFNhbaT7AkIM9X1khItQs0r4SpepJegEeM3y6uuhmRFjI234w4QZoSeQY6HTjlUcen8WeAyJ/0rYfZu+ATwFPQW8b0JvFHiEnOhPYKcUg90Y4JmYCCKBnsBOvo/C7hLkRHqGceLq9OpveQ6VgGCGMfF3jSz4lh7G+ITB5mMn8Z1f/B63PfUyVu45zHBumOHcoHI2Mu26NN7LurB5tRpC7B9w22PPqfVpPQSoLMq9ZOMuNR5Ollx0cXsJJWVc3E33jcN93Of+1BxsO5CMH/76WjxOqOVVNmH2snWo4/arEvZjz/EMmBgyn69tRX5NCwrrtPDwHMSpaRjuGPkdowIFUz3PW8bfCfD8rPKZjxFh7R/k9yJ5ukMWDZcnL8yEnLy3d1+So2eYcCP4CTgDwdfkoaugq9MRhvq2HvXIWmZFHTYdS0NCaiYSUjIYYm7Ge3MXYeHmHQRVOjLKagi8VjrgEOat24qHX3kL//Lz3+LH196Mv/vRz/GzG+/ArY8/j5vpaK+773Hc/MhzuOupV3H74+P5+jpefH8mwbcdh3OZwWn7LLwIaVe10P6SXagjZcutPSiz9aKMtq/MNYhSzxCKqQI6tVPc8AQpeYLu4KS1Gxn8cYZ7AOkCOt8gkqnj1DES+6hvBEe8F+n4LiLRfgF7LcPYZRzGdsMwNusGsUbbh69ZOhYRgnM17ZhF6E0j9KYQeh80hjGpvg3v1Hbi7ZoevFMziPdqLuAjwm6qQK/6ImZW9WF2ZRu+qvRhS7UXyQyPzxN4TS1e6HUM8wV4JsKP+cFOV+aNdMHqD0Frd8HTJm1U7dix/yjufvAJTP98Ecx0gi46PFGIYW0XC2Y3w68elqGLvP9kCqrL67F8yUq8O/FdvP7a69i9dxfcfhd6h7sIny50DEXg7/LCE/HAE/SjrZ0ujIW9nU7XbxnAoPTK8e9ehrkufR90dLUNNVY0NVhhkMlqy6oJHRcsLroyr5fQ6UYHqdtssiK3sBTFdc3QOrwEUBtDXzq+/n60i7tTwLuANhLWS+B2XBxAmPFqYmoa3vhgMr78ei3qtKzMMs7j6Rcn4b0p83D6XC2yT1cg5WQBYdsIrdELB+NpP11diGU9RLcW4LV7CDR7aABmcXRMm2ZnhwJeMwHYQhC2RgbQSpfXym2Vk2N+0sU1FnoE3thBx/qYosC7SA6JCLH/V+Ap/Tno/TfAi8NOtQXGYGemS1PQ42dRqI0BnoSqlEDQqIDI/QiI6JgEePK+js5J3J6ZQMij6/rHn/0OP7vpbjw58SPVI2vl76Tpw0moyXoTRc0mnK5qxhV/+6+47t7H0Gjz012NoIGhyMRPZuN/f/fH2LDnCKwMgeWfDPz9au02fPe/foMH6Ob2JWfh60271DASPeEZoIOThbulbcYrcCPUpH2nmfuVfTh5Ha2EXaXWima6NytDagGgrGFrIKTN/FsW7BbIyZMcLr6X53kZuajzF9hZCHybjJkjzJq9Ed7APhWmSkhJowSyA1ZC0MJtmlkYj5wtwsxVG/DYhEm45akXMGf9VhRojAwzg2j00CnSjRgIRXGC5+kwFm/drZ7CkMfbfn7TnXhq4gf44R9uVC7vqtvvxz3PvorXPv4cM5aux9q9SThZXI8mZlQZBykdHDJ+0UQXpmONog1eUHMM+ligXTzH6JgqVjS8oBravxLnAE4b2pFGmBym69tXZsT+ahsO00kdM7chxUXocadZvGkppP5BuohD9h4c5U0+5hpBkusikpxAkh04bgOOWIB9JmCbcQTr9ANYxhIyv7WTwGvDVALvAwLvXYa9Ewm8CXWdmFDbi4m1g3i35iI+qAU+pj7h+89q+jGLDnABT3JjHc+lwceQ3ovGUeBRJg8MdOZOprGfrs7mC0JjsRFIHbB5g9ideBQ/vvIqPDrueZjMPrhZkN2uTkQIvB4WxAgLuZcg7Gc5GGB+37N1D+5iet947Q145qmnsHXbZro8A7oG2gmcLoQH6CZDZuYzPUNkA6HqQ1t3HyKs9EMMHULMIG2eYQxIZuE9GGDoHGHYGfbRGYbC6OntZKjaDoffQchpESIteWuwZscu/FEmRV26Ri03apL2WzpVPcNqS1sY7j6CapgOkOdh7/bDP9QBc8SH2SuW4Vc33oiHn38ZZc0GTP9yBa783S2YNHUeThXUoqiyFefLmtGkdcHJkNUb4PXK2jGEWJC8CFDe9hG64UE1EYNOgMewtkmA5yXwZDnWcD+BR5dHzuh6CDMBHa9tLPTUGrXfAJ64uxjsqCjsLjJ/R2UWtX1Tpj+jbwee6H8EvRjsZLsY7GQCTjOtrugS8OjwBHgx0OkkFKVGgUfJq50FPAq8AdQSeKpgETrlZje+x3DsR9fdijufeQUySac8JhWd8eSCas+SkHDlzoP4hx/9Ev+LcHtmwgfYl3aKMArgnc/mKhC+O20OKjQWtQC3h8erY2i7NylLQU7gZvQyE/G8eB/AtIab5yfgk+0tAYY3hJy4Qzd/K4AT12cg4CRsZdojJHCjS/UTcNImJ85O8CptcjIAWhYDMjKkbea1lRscDFldaPG2ocEVVM/lVjMUrXcGCJYozMUdSmVv7Rki0MKotntRZfOgjtu3EpLFehvTe4B/B1gpaHE0rxgbDifj81Ub8erUmXjq7Q/xi5vvwnUPjMNDr0zA7NWbMG/9NuxMzUJGibjA6BT2NRYZhxVtc5GGZhsvRpyogFra9UwseDomtiy25CUIJbyl+VBT0ctwlWq6tEI6vrN0dKcYwmbrwsikw8sw0eHZupBO2KX7+nEyMIR0JkQSSXrI1onDJOgxOsQk5xCSnReQQuClOgjEGPQOEno7TRex0TCEFSwdi7RdmE2X9xld3mRC7306vHca2vFWXRehJ8Abwru1BF4dMIX6uO4iPqntx/Tadsyt9WNdvQ9HGn0M031okjY8hrQmk4S0zE9M+yjwuuj0ZLlBAR6jDJcPOWfP4ze/vwF/ZIVbXt6EdhbuIMHURYfRRRi1B/vhtgbRJTNr55Xj3dcn4Z6b78aLT7+Arxcvxcn0E9Bom2GyG2B06GHzm+GKOBDoDiDS14FID91iZxeCrLBCBEkHM1Iv05xcwiAL+gghcJGh70jvIAZ7+3AxZiX7LwwoWLoIswA/X7R2I35x3S2Yt3yjyr9elo0q5pEWF10Z9x+my2vDEFq9NhQ0VKDOqoOjI4y5K5bjsZdextQ5C2Bg3nxpwkf49TV34OMZX6GmyQadmRWA3qNCWR8dgI/n6A30wMfr9RNyPro7cXgOQs1MuMn4uxY3HR6doKwyOAq8tsEo8Ojw9FJhxsVCojQGeGrpBxXKRsNZI/UN0H2bCLY/pz8PvLgug56MpYlD7xuKw05+Q3sroJNnY0UKevz8cuDJkxXq6Qp+JqCLalg5PJcCHh2etKew0ElYK/Pj//qOB3HljXfhJoarqQRUC+EUHYd2QT3ovy/9NK669T71VMF9z7yKaQtXYi9DVVlku6LVhnKCzsXzkH/MrzDw9zIkRJybPPKllxlXzB6Uc3vpOY2DTtychc5N4CYdDvGFuiWMtRGOMqzFx21FDl6HhUCUZ2ZlkLASD2klKKWnL+5C8xv0OMPwOyGJ4ejqzfjoy2WYsuBrrNh9CKlFlWomFumJlrFyIqnoyRSC34VDZwqxPS0bG4+m4QGGqs+9PxW3PvkCrn3wcdz57Mt44cNP8NmyNVh/MAn7Ms8gvaQaZ+o0KNFZFUzFVboIZXGZknYyLVajM4IqE8M8ZztrfFY8hJiTmU+cnohsYobiddDRSceFj3AP8pwcvDYNT66CVrTA1IECxr5Fzj6U8WQreOIloYs4x5t0ivQ86e1DmruHYOvCcR7gGHd6jMA7bu9DkoNhrmMEKY6LFIFHidM7SOjttlzEZtMQVhv6sZQW4Eu6vM950GmE3pSmNkKvA+/Wd+FtAu/tuiFMIuQ+qCfwlC4Qen2EXgSz6O5WM5yVx8PyW/xo1gYYHgbo2AIEnoS0hAIdlDwfavcHobM51IPxArwWnRmPPv4cfn/1TUhOzsEA064tPIR+pk0H00uAZ9W7KReW0h3ddv0deP2FN7By8UoUnStCbXUtampqUV5VgeLyYlQ3VkNr0SHYGSZ+LqJveAQhOksH749e54RJ54HDyNDZFILXEkYHXdIAYdEV6kbYz1C0vRMDg4PoHRoibNoJZwdqtSYcZL5YvDYBOYW1YPFjiNmP/KoWJJ3Kx56kNCSmpeNYTjb2n0jGvtTjyK+ugC0UxIIVqzD7q2U4fjIX3nAfHnjsRdx1/zNYtHQTXN4ehAl2D12sj+CKirATBXvgDfUynZjnKTtBaPYzyvGyrBB4GgJPQ+DJ46DycIGW16BjOdeTCwaCTmkM7GRQstI3YHeBjGE+FeBRAjbL/4X+e+CJCL1vgE9Bbwz44p/LtgI7SsGOllWJ75XL4zbiBtVMJ7TBCnhMAIFfHHbS3icr8gvkpG2vns5H3sssC7Lc270vvonf3fMofnHLveqpCllnQgqrzL2lD3SxgI4omLS4InAxQcVdmQmrarq4RqtfhZvSQxvmPkUCNHFzAjJp15OhIvKZAE7a56RNTiRPO0jnhHR4SK+rhd+beDwJXevpNCu0NtVOaOB+6vh3Xo0GyWdLsP14BpL4um7vUWw7mo6NB5IxnyG0tJv9HV3ozwnvmcs3YF/GWTULS4nsh5AX5yrTT1XS1Z4orsaKPYdx30tv4u//6ype/yN4Y/ocfLJ0NRZs2cXwdiN2M5MKJAtajKwY3MoJaoMMv8PdyjWWGx2osrhVW2CLrw1W6UGkW5BJTUXyrLGN6W9mZjRLSMICLOPLDEG+DxP4tKcCPCslIa1Mn8/oVblvmfJHx+8bCLZq3xCqGYvX8D35ApoqlIUJPN8gsl3dSLW1I8kSwXEzZWnDce44ie4viTtMYk2XZI9CL5nQSybwjlOHCLw91gvYZh7COmM/VrBkLKalnE+X97m05RF4Uwi8Dxq6MKm+lxrEe/UX8WEDYdcITG64gMn1PXR7YUyv82BFgwcH6e7yNQFCjJUWoWK2BGFi/jCwkrF7wwpyNh/BY3cSJnTvwQjchMy0mXNx9bW3YNXqbegWp+shhHj93SyMbnsExfnV2Lg6AXff+gAeuvsxwm4NVi9bh6++XIqPPpiKZ55+Hrfffhf+eOPNeIFuauHiJUhKO4GyylrYnT4CjBBlfq6p0OBE0mlsXLUT0yfPxZsvvou3x7+PT9+fia/mLMOGNVtxJvc8kpJPYu2GBKTw/jsDndiw/QDe/fgLLF6zHfUEZnWLE9sTT+DpVyfhLua521gh3nzfw7hn3JN4b9p0rN2+nZDU4UxxGcZPeBcfTJ2FsmoNSitacPud4/DU0xOQlHSGbvaiul63uwsORwQ2WwhuTwcCBJ1fYEfouRj9OCgZSG/yMe/JQG1KpluTge2t3CZe3uUxVAM5YWC+E9gpcf8GskLG6RkIO6UY6KKwI1sEdpTAy/p/oT8LPEtMo5+NQi8GPgJvVAp4sh1BF4OdhD2MbpSUy+PnKqxVwCPhpfGSF68eJ2MCxHt3BYwCN1lcW0LdRgJF3sszeLLu7IQZX+K6h57C935zA3al5aJBxkUxQWXRnSojCzS3sROeEoqJs/IQUOK2dEx4C2+MDAYVWBn4Nysr1eZhlN83Gujo2pTrE+gJFAWOsp1s76ALlfBVACc9vs08jiz60kCnV1CvwzHCd/2+Y5i5dC1e+XA6HmDN/sj4iRj36ruYzkx/yyPP4ifX3KKGy8jykD+99jal2as2EzK0+QSlPNi/IzkL6xKTsDRhP6YsXMGQdBYmzpyPGSs2YMuxdGRVNqKw1YJKhl4y27I8FibuT0JMLeEm6+NWEmz1DHc1AZm3Twa6Sttgm2ofFInDk2mtZM1QcZGyrq6OmVGAJ9NiyQBaE2sDrY9ht4uZ1dtL8NG1El4S2trl3tLlmQk/GZMnii/OIu0vMryghe+b+Hkdf1PK8DXP3YtMaxuS6aaO6/04ztckOpdkQi+Z0EvmDpOYWZJY2yUxRk4i9JIIu2MCPLq8fbYL2GEZossbwDpaghW0AksIvQWE3uzmDnzW1IWPG7sJuT6Cb5CvhBxh9zH1UcMwPqznd3VBfFLnwrIGNxIFeFqmkSFCdxeBxRqCSQbrOvyweemqgqwUvAxznS74OzrpwnrQ1t2P3fuP4Jbb78eUqbPh89P183d9TLNOup+GWiN27ziCcQ8/j3//15/ig3c+RW5mARbT7d175yN47ulX8Nmns/GV9PgvXo2XWIFdy9DzhRffwNdfr0c1Xdgw82ze6TK8N/ETPDvuVTz9yHi8/epkQm8eJrz8Ph6++2ncd8fj3N/j+OLzpRj/6vv45VU34dOZiwmcfrzw2oe47paHsXLDfiRnFuPOB17A7fc/i/seexlfLFyNlOwCZOaV0MWdxo7Eo1iyaj0atWasZ8V5A0P18a9Ngp5ha8K2w7j15ofx7sTP0NJoB6Nt9FJ2Xq+B3+u0ToIvjDDhHGT58ojZkGjHJ5MHtMMkkROlE/Hz6IS6PeoJKTE8MhbXICaIbBgV850SOaL0J7CLAk/WvbHGZFNiBcx89tfoT4AXBZ1Mr/RNjYXeKPhGgSe/jW3LE47DTi2iQ6jIewGeCmsJPJ3E8BLLM/aXwcZawk+AJ7CT8FdCWkY36m/5XlyihLcmgmzhlr344bW34j9+fxPm0CkJ6JoIKllCUS81DH/DcqbazOQRLAkvHfytTBbg4b69BKCbzk2AFpfqaOBvpR1OLzeLN0fgKOFqEwuBPGd7PLdItQVuOZiCJZt341PC6NmJk3Hzw8/gWjrO39/xEP6TEP6nn9CB3f4gHh3/Nu577nXV+3nvs6/hF3+8i9uNUwuBv/nJbDz79hT1vbxfvHkPwbcFyxISsT4xGbtST+F4XinOM6xulaEqvAYbQ3oZEyfLNcriQbWOAJp5viY6NYGeSC3l2ElQ8zPp5LD10C1TsrqaUYa7EJD6GABlSI9I3st30uMtTk9mhCabWBvKmDzeI4YyOr88TRAFnp2ZXsGOmczIvw0ivjfEocd7H+9t01DkEKojF1HkH8AZhrGZ1ghOmENII+xSzWGkEXip3HEKrWMKM04Ka7sUurwUxzDD3mgHxlHqIB3fPvsF7LQNI8E6iM3mAaw39WGVsRdL9L2Yp+3DzBaGrc39DHGHCLso8EQf1A8wxO3ApFofJtc6sLjBif0tXpyju2s1MVzl8a10ZzK8w+QMstCG4aSjs9LhmdweeOnwgl10Mm3dyCssx7inXsLrEz5ECwu9jEfrZwXp9/fjyOFMvPbK+3j0oefx2vj3cJjOym4O4tyZCmzesBc5WUWwWcMIMVxwOjuQlpaHOXOW4447HsPrBFVuTgkqyprxwjNv4qqfX4dxDzyL1Us2ofB0JYJMuxBvjLbRiaQjuZjzxSqC8gM89OiruPfB8cg5WwedpQM33fUMrr7xUWzfl4mjaUW48qo78NKbn6Kk2oQmVjQtRj8CvLc9vM8yBCctMw9mRkezZi8hfO/EF18sU+f4yZR5uOPWRzF/9ir46Mw7GSp18z677KwIzIyUjB54WO4ihF1IKl7mU6eMTJAhV5SJFauBlayMVtAzn0n0JbP0qBX/WMFL23/U4JALcdApUzQWdnGDFYWdRWks6C7CznP6n+gbwPtzsBursdC7pNj3cdhRcdjFgSffjQKPIZMAT8NYXyTvo8DjPri9ODonb4iEStHPh9FCIEnP4N7Mc/ibH/0KP6I7emXKLORUNqs1Za3cTgbPSgO7FFiZ/qnZGVazgzTyxhpoqVv4d53JAy1vlJm1TZXMIlHZpEJdeRRIHF1ZiwXHTp3H8m378P6shXjitXdVW+CtDAeuvO42/OOPf4V/+ulV+M/f3oDf3fEg7nzyJTz00gQ8Ric3jrWj6IVJU/HKRzPUZ7c8+hy3e0iB742pX2DNnqN0gknYeiQd5xtN6lylF1RmXZanHWTN3FqerzjXGr6vNIsL86PBFaY7ayekJEwljNsJI8KqkZlLppmXWU9kcLasoibfKcDFICd/y8JDJhHfy6tAUCAqkJR2Qnl2WYb3iOIuz9LGDEmnZ2JMb44wb0hYwEwjsJMODAFeHHp6fiZhrZqSm5AbC70GflbFAlPC8DifbvG0sxPZtjZkEH4nGd6eIPROsLCmMeOk2XuRxgyQRuClOi8g1QUkU8eow9RBaj9BuJfa5biABPsI1ltHsMw0jPn6IcxsHcKnLcP4uGmE4ewFfFQ/gvekXa82jIk1brxfa8XCBgf2agg8PcN+XoyVFsHmYGF1MV/Q7VoJPEcgCjx5ztQVjsDXLjOBhKEx2vHWpI/x9PNv4lxhLTysDNp4fU0tDsyeswK///3teOftacg4eR4tTXZ43d3w8wZ7XD3oYvpcYCU8MszIgmXE7R5Efb2LIe5TuO/e57F/7wksW7wJP//JHzD+uQnYsnYHLK1OeG0EsCkIP8ET9LKStvegni712Rcm48HHJuLxZz9CWk4dw9kT+O31j+GhJ9+lu6vCydx6XH3T47jv0TeQX6qnAxvGwEUgwmOb7O3w8746GZK7vN14c8JU3MkQNnH/CWg1bjxOZ/nQfc9hx5Yj6AiNIOjpRQe397k74XW2we2MIMA81ybAC/fAK0+USFOJJ0zghQm8MCMnGbRNpyeRhjSvsKKWge4GukKZkTza7k+gKTM0RuRJFHRiqsgXykIHLcCLw84eg53jf6jLgBcD118SDxq1lnH48VV9x8IgtX8Mdsy3o5K/o8BjTE5HKMCTQYgCO+m5iQJvmO6OF8PCJm120ksrLk/cndQEzQSWhQ4ti4D7hyt/p6Ykv5MgOkznVU84SOO7gEPWo5AJAyp0ThQ3m1HYaESVzM7KWkyej6wze5F2rgwrtydiGl3aW4TQ29Pm4E3C88Hn31DPz97EkPOOcS/g5oeeVpMM/OHOh5SLe/jlt/DuzC/x5boEbDt2EieLalCmtavJRWuoOoJJgFWiseJ0lQbphTVIK6hCXq1W9X7KDMsSasv0U/FhKiZeu87fTaAM0Pb3QBYKlxBd7L/M1mxgCCCrp8miQ9EV00Ti2AYIvG7CTtbv6FCwk89lIgVZGFygJiGvQFFcooaS7ZpZ48p7HTOebCPbym9kqig701pJ7gPvlZX3V5yeZVS815SMZzIQgAZCTC9quwh9HHpx4DEfCPBkYGkz3wv0agjMivAw3V4/Q9wu5LLQZRF4GQTeSZJUenJPMsOkO/qRzhrvhGsEJ9wXkeYGUj1AihdIEvmA49Qx6hD/3sXvNzDsXWa+iHn6EcxqHcG0ZkKPoexHdYN4t7aLsAtgQo2DLs+MBQ127BHgGRjKM9PaHF2wM3S3Me0trDys/ghshJstEOJ7meQhwM8DhB7h1d6HGXO+wp33P4HDyacgS4s0apxYQwc37onX8NwL72LDxkSY6V5tjKEKC5uQdPws1q07gJkzV2LixC/w5puf4+135uGdd77E1Kkr8LMrb8Pjj72FDWsP4KXn3sWvr7wOM6bORUZyDrpYRnpZ8YTotDvplLuZtoywYXUM4Ylnp+B3NzyNzxfsQp22G1M/34wf/+peOrrZKK7xoK61DfOX7GaI+zR+9Yf78cRz72MFj3EmvwkOugOyF90sn7m5lbjtVnGZU+gwtcg4UYgbr70Pr9FBns0uR5iQ9dNhhn10uUynoJduk3m2jXmujXksFO6OAo+uzuoOEnhBAo9umcAz+ttgDMgjep1qQL0AT5Y6lfxrUnn5En9GIae4Qo3CLpr3rGTNJWd3cRRiNMt/UX8d8Ehdmb/KKiCjvvEdD/wNxbYR4MUbtP8UeCzc/O03gEfYCfBaBXj8/HLgSYO4hLcS2sojZ7IaWZnRjd8xNLziOz9QwEvMKkAjQRZmzeXj7zTeDpS22nGqokmB5my1BpsOpGDSzAUY98o7uI2OS2B295Mv47e33o//+PW1uJJu8QY6MHnOdh5DywXrtmPh+h1IOJpOaFXRiRnUrMe1Fi8VnfxQpleSdWv1BJOW7lOOK05TrWkry0Aa3JBprWSWZWkbExgr98m0EPCZeP06XzdaPZ0Keg5Ja7pfebRLz0wuEgDKvuPLSMrzxPLwusDPyFpSICcTJ4jjE9gJtCTsFYCZGKpL6CtAbKBrqWOoptYJJZTlfSMLtoYw1CsnKI5wIJoJKTPPQ2An0LOzopJFlSSzmduYGSPDMBJaBkrPGl/HV114hPsh+Ag0gZ4+Bj0ZQCrteSINJeBr5OfVhGUJoXeOhSeXTi/bStFlZTFeznL0IpPAO+kcQLprmLqAdM9FpBNs6QRcuh84GaRCUaVRh/nZDkJvrQ1YbLqIuboRhrfD+LRxCFPq+vFebQfervETePYo8Bpt2NNK4BljwHN2w04A2+mwbawUbCykAjx7QBSCwemBxuJApG8Y3cyTy9cn4Jqb78HqTXvRycrrcPJpPPncRNxw80NYv/kAKqoMiLAC2LvvJO6862lcffV9uIlO68EHX8dLL32KCRPmYuLbC/DMM5/gkUffx7XXPI633vyC7m4HQfMA7rrlUezeehB1ZU3o4/3oDPXByTDTzfN0ewbhZjpojD149Jmp+MlVj2Df8Uq0WC7gqZdn4ae/eQjT5myDjs7X6BxBaa0HW3dn44135uKPtz2DK395O+578FV8PnstKqss6rnYFct34sc/vBoL56+Hi5XOsq8247e/vAWzPv0KOobQXt4bP115wNWFAB1eG/Nll5wX8007gReWSUAJNZmEwOqmKxYJ8JiG8nieKSgzi3fCSODJcCwBnuQzWYbBLEYnDrjLQDcWeFYBHnUJdlHgfRvg/pK+HXhx2EmIKooDLSYB3CXgRf9W7m4s8MZALw48M7cz8uT1bUN0dQMscOLyZCHrgSjw5FiyPeEgkvcCQQmJ5b2cl0wQuu5AKj5etBqz1yRg0+F0uq1Mvp7Aok27MW3xWsxZvRXr9h3HuTod7XQ3diZl4ck33sc1dz+Kn11/O6665T5cf984/OTqm/G9X16N/7r2VjW7cWZJrZrpWDo7eEgm8ADhaeNnDIPpumRVM3myw0GnKe1d8hjXaBjIv2WmZnnwPg4kO89XICzjA5nWo4N444qGjUMMv4cZ0soNlRCSGUHE6zRJj6nAh/fGQecl+5fQU44hUw5JphEHKKASGMpTEPK9zH5iphsUEEoILG19UfARyAyNBXby5IosIB5tT5H0J/CUeEyevxxTYKc6KeS+yL3mvTPRbRgjBDNhJxLo6QlBA2EoI+DjbXnx9rx4m95oiMu/G5hxq4IDKPb0IJ+59ixjk9P2Tpwi8HIcPQRfL51eH9JZ20l4e0LcnntEge8kC3sGAZdJ6GXGoHeMf+8h8DbR5a2gy/tKfwHz6PI+bxrG9IYBfFzfhQ/qgniP4ePkBhu+anZgH4GXR4ensXTCIg6PoaeDFaqDlYCdbsVOl2cXl+ejW3F5obM5EerqR6CjD/uOpOFGuv4PPp2L1KzzmDDpMzz8xCt4f8ocFJW1wCShemYxXnhxEh599FW8/fZMrFmTiG3bUrBzZwaSkkqRmlqJHTtO4dVXv8DDD03EgnlbcWBvNn7/69tx+40PofBMBdxmP4Z534d4X2Ws3xDzkgCqqTWMlIxqQvc53Hb/W9AwpGdggRffnIv7xr2HI2mVYD0GsojXxDJEB1FZ78axlCJ8tWwnxr86Fffe/yI2bjwEj7sPr4z/CD/76XVYv2YPLIYgJrw6GX+8+m5sXb8fVp0fIdbSIaZPxEdHJ7Bj3uxlHulmhNDRRuARZFHghWBx+WPAo9Nj+pllQflQByt4qdijwJPHP+MVq1nK/Z8BXVyjDk+AxzwmGuvw/if6vwLeqHjQ6PsY7OLAk0LCzB3XWOBJfG5godGx0AjoWkMyREUGL7MACwD4W4GcuEE9E0TgKPCT9jsZgyaN8wG6OXkSQaaOkrVmZdr3vHoDX92qHUxUZwsoWB07XYKnJnyIK/7pP/C3P/iFak+7geHI3U+Px4RPZmN5QiK+WLGRbrBVPU8ovUnSayrrWsirLOQjrwI7BRdlx/uVgxIwCGgEPjKdlSwHaafU/Gf8nYW1lzyQLzATtyQQ09PRCuRkfFvc9akxbgIUfm5iWohkTjX1e94HuU7VocATlGmd1Ng5BT0CSM5PoMjjx4Hn5H7lb/lOz3PWEXwiLa+pla6vla8yI00cdkYJkaloiCHXxGvhcSW0jQNPzt8imVLa9dR5CtRjEggyU6q2F7nHvNcy55lIFl0WxcdZSajbzHxTR1BW+vtQ4ulGIZ1DPkOmswRPLg+Ybe9GBjPRCWs3Ulnbpdh6kSrwY8E9Qeuf7rkwCj5xfMfp/va7gG0E3lrLRSw3XsRi3UUs1BB8DG1nNfXis6Y2fNLkw/RmF5Zr3Ehs9eGsPoQmYztMNoazPAenvwcupo1MZOmky5OH/m1uv5KMw5OpzE0OH06dK8V9jz6Lcc++hncmz8Lvrr8Tr038GEkn8tRztW6C4Ys5y/G97/8CE976hJBLhoPXFSKc/bJ4cezf6dxm/PzKO3HzjU8icW8OaistuO3GR3DrHx9AfaUWDqMPQXc72mgK2pleg7z/Mn1TRk4VPp+/GVf+5l68+/FyNDJxF68+jD/e+SI+/WIDNGYJvQFGmgzT6fwpBzONmuGkDZj35Xr84Ae/Y0g9HSXFzbiJx7vphvuwf3cyKkuace8d4/DwvU8jKzUPdoMPXSyjHcy33cy/PayE+5hH+ruG0UPgdcaBx/RyMpSNAo/yEX6BCCxhAi8sTxzJrMfdzDeXA+8S2P6cVPtdDHgytGQUerzGuBwxjf3s23SFeiIiJjWkJKZR4MXh9mclBY8Jexnw4tAT2Ml7AaJZCgJ/E3V5cejJEBW6BX4mvTOqx0bBblj13kq4Kw2bDhZi5hc1B152lQbzN+zCos37sOHgCexIPoWdqblYs/c4pi9dr2Y7/v5VN+A3tz+Ica+9h9c//hyT5y3DZ0vWYP7aBOyg4ztd1cIQVB6zASoMTkKyQ7kwCwEgs66Ii5PXOLzEsQnwZFoqcVTKBTHNRtu9YrKJI+X5ys0Uhzbq0giLuOxMAwGeSFyetJNJ54CRGUsmShTJRJwCPgvTQWCjoMdzFdjJqyw9GV1UPBrmyrHjDlA6IcRZy/mJ0xOQSQ+3vArYpMdbnlseKwU8aSP8Brx5TTGpY/Hc5XxUrSziPVSSjCkwFChKpcX7rCounmNcsviyAh8/l4fCm/m7el5vNaFX7u1FMV1EgatbQS+HAMqQTgxzB5JNlLkTydxhCjNTHHzpBN9JzwhOeC/iOJ3fASew034Rmwm8dSZglZ5uTwss01zEIs0g5mm6MLs1jHlaH9ZSB7V+nNEGUa8PQ2+RgcUCuV64eY/drBSkAd7GwmtxeOhcgvAwNJMH8rUmBxpazXj4yRdx810P484HnsQjT72CDdsSUddsQSfTXZ5A2LMvGVf+7Bo88MAz2LRpPzqZufr5nZMwr6u149iRPEz5aBH+/Xu/x1OPv40TyYWwmdowbcqXuPZ3t2P29K9w6mQ+Bplm8k9mQfEynUrKtFi36RBuv/cFXHnVnVi0ch+MrkFM+GA+AXgXvly2A2ZmAAtrSOmcIGcQYfn0hYbh8vSiocmOt9+ZhmuuuRPz5q7A2tXb8Ysrr8ZzT72G83kV2LfzKF3mDarTpKKojuGsPCo3gl7m40Hmi0GWCdFA9zB6OwdjwJOV39rgcAvwfJeAJ0N7Ih2wsKIw82RkBiATbadM9mH+E+BF24f/nKLQk7ISVRR6LAMiQvyv1bcDjxl3LNSkDeeS+MNvk8AuLib0WElHhioElIzdkpHSAjiBXlwKeHQIArvod3EH2E8gEgTiKpjwMuZPwtoGVztyKjXYQdCt3puEr7bsI9DWY8qXK7By1xE1vXtmaQNyK1sINFe0I4DhbbRDoFs5NunZdfREF+sWkMiNkHY51TbHmj7e1iCOTjklfqaVzgS+F/c0FngCCJmpWdokjMwcBp6jTHqoZQig5zUIGGT82iismJbSCyqQ0zO018mzh2Okl7Y8gZ+AT7m9qOsSxxUVj0u4SNgs78XxKeCJY6TE5Ynjs8m5xWSNSZ5vloHearIGuTa+xof9RPMBwczriTtWOa5AVUBu5fWJ8xwrBXL5TvKNAJznI/dcidcqc+qJZGopcX8GXruOv9Hw+psI+trAACp84vYY4rIWkPA2ixA6QQCkGCNINrYRfO2Engxd6UIqwZfGGvCEcwBpLOzHncM46BjBHtsFbLdexFYzsNkIbCT01usIP90FfK3vxxLG28sYxm7WB3FEG8DpVj+qWwPQ8BhmR6cCnpcVm5quXIBHN2exuuD1hRFioQ230yEbbHCxcI9/8z3C7nHccs+jWChj6BqN6mmDNjofL/NZs8bKcHUS7rrrUYasz+L996Zj7uzlqhf204+/xHNPT8TvrrodP/3hNfhkygKcPVWlemDTks7ikfsZqt74AF5+7i0sXbQWK7/egkUL1+Kjj2bj0XGv4qnn3sa/fP/XuOnOJ7H3yClYfQN4/rXJuO6WR7F5ZxJ2H8zAc+Pfw7sffo65C9Zg7YY92JpwCLO+WMJwdhKuufZ2htkfIzU5Bx+89ymu+f1N+GLmAtjNXixZsALX/+FmfDZlFlrr9XSYEQwxDwzyukZ6L2Kk7yKGe/k3gdfXSddI4EUEeL5IFHjOGPD8BB7tpLWtk4CSRaNkkoyxwBMjEKssx4BtdDKAMTK3xSVlJiqrEvPX/1D/LfD+W9CNVRx4YxRv24vDLg48mekgCjZp+4nCToVDMcnf8rmEugK7S8BjQWHoUeeIoJHQa+V7jTT+81VckDxzSuir52ul0b/C4FYdACHp1CDYlBsSB8ebJ1AQSMhD+tIeJ+u1ynTn8mrlq4WvUYdE9yVOiIVBTwjK5KTiluT53lGYKODxphAAMjZRZnfVSw9sDFwCLRthILATYCng8fpUaMhCbwgSOgSfQbm8mAg7+U4Bj/uMdyJcLtmf7DcOvTjsVBsqP48PD4pLer6lI2jsdF1q+I+4WV6zAE9Bb1SxsF2kAHdJ0iEjYbsK3Xn9SnFXKNcpknOIvY9XfvF7LGuKtkTE7Q2iKtCPUm8fCuj2zjDEzWamkt7b6JCVqFIZTqQyYymxBknhRcpjaYdtg0i0DqsnMnZbgF2E3i46vZ0E31aBn2kYa829WEfXuIPQO07g5bb4UN7sRaMuCD2tgt0razP0wctKzeNrh8sVhMPuhZehmp+Q80kDPAHo8Iax58BxrN60AyvWJ6CgrA4dBIGMbQszzPMTmG4PIZ2ShfXrEjDhzfdx5+0P4c7bHsIT414i8OZi/eqdmD1zKaZ+NAeHE09C2+zERf7ezfPYsGY3Xn2JsLztUdx4/b246cb78eADz2HaZwuxZv0eTCLI/vXff4GJ789AVaMFqVmFuObm+zF+wmQUVTRj5/5k3HX/k7j+5ntx820P4KFHnyPo3sFrr0/CpPem4vPPFyLj5GnUVDVh84btWPLVCpxMy8YFloG04+mE3jLs2b4P+mYD2hgb93X0M5ztodMbIPwYWlMDdHf9BF5Pex/aGNJK+lwCXgAWfxhWeVqlvYv5pIf5V5qIBHbxDotvAu/bQHdplhPm15hGn4uNsPyMinnqW2T+Fv1fA0+es4xr9HNm5LEaCztWzjHYjQVeVHHYScgroVBcqrOCks4MBTsBhCSQbM/EanC2oUzvUeATmIhLkznx1OSVwwwBJLxj4ZdOBYGduBVxafKYizTmi6SXU8apyZg0mZVEZieRdkJ5Lyv0C9QkzBP3E2/rkokSBA4KDAI6Fm71KsCTcFbE8xXoGaR9kpL38plKU15nPF3l7yj4eIxRcf9xye/ohFRPFa9bQY+/GdUY6Ckxvca2nUaBzNcY7FTnj3Rq8HyNPP/45Kzxx/pkzKMCn7i9uATuMYkrFkVBJ50tFPcjA76jouMUcf9x8IkDjZ+bEt+L2xUASt6Qh8JbeX2NvPaa0BDKAwMo8vXjnKcPpwm/HLq+LIa6GVQ6M9wJWxx+DHcJw+PMLEcsfThkHcQB6wgFNeHAoZj2CQDp/BIIxQQSd584Roazp5q8KG5wo1bjQ6s5zHCsE+5Ar3o21M+84fcScu4QvK4A3E4/nJSD7802D2wy/ILvrYRfF/OL/BtkpRqkiwkSDiEqGKS7sbhRWlKNNMIvNTkTOZl5qCxrgKHVjlpGKEX5VYSdDW2s7LpZFjrCw2qgbysBWJhfh5MnzqOArw0NVrTq3Kio1mHq9C/x22tvw9JVW+hI+1DbYkJa9jlU1Gt5DUE0622oqG1BeXUTyiobcOr0eaSeyEZ+QSk0GiPPqx3dXQx7zXbU1TTCYrTB4/Cqa3BYHNBr9KgsqYSBrx2hdnRw+wivszPYwdC2B32EnEBQANjL145wNwIEo7ThmQV4HgIvQODJLDMd3VHgdfQSbAI7qfwFeMzbCnhSlkUs41R8JhQjofYnItxMlyv8P9M3gKeegWWB+u+ANxZ2cY39Pt6uF1ccdmrAKiUzHohUr17svYQ6ccjJY2TycLpAhxGLcirSNiSN43pxQwIQwkBL9yRuT96LuxGwCezkVf6WUEwN5WDhU45HoCSFmQVWXFtcMvWUlcCzs5aW48ZBJ5CTRn15FCbak3kJdiq9ZH9Ksj0lwBMx/QR6AunoM8eEiNxc/n0pbeX8YpJ0YhqM9nwL1Ol8ox0E/F1M4vIU+Cjp5BBJh0i8UyQaevJeUZdCS0ocKNNVYBcFHu8FPxOZeP4mXqvALzpZK8EuErDzmkWqg4aSHmqZd1Cm5LJRdm4fB53zWxQHnyz67eR5xCchkKE5MuDaRan7xL+lg0O17fGa6njtlYRfKeF3PjCIc/5+nPb0IocgyHLS9dEFpbEKTyGkkkx0awx3jzFePmrpx1G6vOMEXpINSKFSqeN24LADSGTYu5+h8GFmwtTWIHIa3Thf50BlkxvNMoGAg4XWF30gPhhgCBvoRIQFOeSNwO8JwUPIuflqI/ikA8MTpiLdaOsbRi/zXQdfpZ0vRIWpdrqacKgDA/38khFHgPtpadTCTCD5CVKXrDynd8BqdBM4YTTWGtDNfCBz4smU6gGGqk7WDjJJgfwrr9Ji+eptuP+RZ/DCqxOx5+BxBDt70T3EMJPfC3eDBIzTR2dK6BgsdmgNFviDbRgcuoC29k44HG5EIu3o6e4lpIIIUr18393BjDhykWG1HyFfgOBj6G5z8PpDCHN/Ie4v4guhgy63iyFsr3J8hB5dXqfAXXppmTYCPBO3NUuHRYTA7+yhZNiUNAOJpMOP5U4BTwzMZbCLwc1wuQg3kUBPifD6s2I4N6rLPrsEPFVIBQhRqfYYVTD/34AnsFPAI+iiwOPFxSAXl0m+Z3pLoRQXEl8+UHplRdIQL25AendbpV2MtaGATy0Kws8EgDqGIlqGrq3MrBp/t5qdQaakkffS7iajuyU8k3BP9h99TIvnTrjZenmtBJ5FBuzGICdtW9qwTDkvMzz0QiedFgI8wk7CwUvAi8EuJgW8UejFxEI8VvFhPAI7cTpKsb+j6ReFn7L7vD4FPQJAHuhX4KOi0LsEPnF/qlNBQTUK1qhjj50b4RZvSxPgxWXm9Ztl3J6CXhR40p6nAM80iI7Ri/VKx6A3Cjuml0zWEJcrJvW3pHVMMomDW8Rz8PD4Xh6XkWtUUrHJfaAYcaqeXDV0hWlRw/xSwZCmhK7nfGAAefxhrqsLWfZ2nLSEkWYKqmdzk4xhJDMTJZv7kELgpRFy6YRcJiGXRZ2U6aZcBJ/rIo46B5DE2vcEgZfd4MK5GhvKGp1o0PkY1kYYrsoQCzo0Ov92hqYdDNfa6dTCLNABXwQeec6WcvroYGTohYRvLOA2wsBDNxRsk+mdOhGQ91Q43IEOftZNh9Pb3U+YiSPi93RDIj8h6neFCD0XJn8wHW+98REWLViLnOxSlJfpUFlpwtm8WiQezMAnn32JJ555FdfddBeWr92E0wVFCHR0oq2X8OroUFO2d/b1o2dgEL2DQ+jm+46uHrRxm3AbwR2O0N3xPD0euJxOtEfaMDw4iEFu193ZiZA/QCh7ea0BnmMEkQCB6PUh6PER+gQhrzPMc273R9BN2IvTE+BJO16Q7i8KPD+Bx3Qh8MxMBwthZ+kk6BTw5AkLqUSlMhUTIMD7K2AnigFPiQCLKw40A2H212jMsBQWsJji0IuCLwq9bwPfX9K3Qm+MBHIKdCJm7lF3x0yvgEeXJuGlTF8uTk9cgPTu6qRtSwo+C7ZAQ4Vu/O0opKWQ8ztVg8R6SVV7gYRhLHCyr7Gwk7a3aHudiFARoHFbgZt6yFna7fg6GsaOhZxAJP5+rAQyY8XzGgu+bwVeTFHo8XvZjrVfHHpjdQl4MWcn1z0WeAp60bS45PKi6Rt3eXGnF3d7yukxDVRoexnwFPQEePxcHkmz0hFHgUegEZYy8arIKc/7xoEXUxSCY4DH48WBJ1Pvq8HYsfshjxKa+J2M2RPoNTJv1LJCrIyMoDQ4iEJfH8PcbpxxdCDHGkGmOYSTRllNX57PJcQY1qbbhpARg102QZdDZRJ2J6gU1wUkEXgprHnTWwMEnhNna6woIfDq9ASevQ0OX7cKaUOs6NrDPegk9NpZmEPShkfQuVnoPSzMfjo8P0M1H+Wkg7J4GO4K9Pje4w/DTRgGGQp20OV1d/Up2HXS9UUkPKRLaiMMewmCgZ5BdNAhGbQ2zPxsPu6/90lcf+3duOGG+3H11ffg6mvuxXU3PIA77n4CL7z8LmbOWYKFy9bgzPlSNOqNcIfCdJi96CK4Ij2yxkQbIl0ELG1hH6HXPzQcFd939fQiQvB5fT64XG608/2wbNPbh872DoIuyHNpQ09nFz/r5fkS2j6/cn1hur6Ql8DjdSng0eX1EXQS2kYdXgx4Lj+MBJ6RaWQi2E1MHyNhZyQcDQSetH9Lp55Ea9I+J+1xY9vo/hL0Rt1dTH8S3o6KrPgz+lbgXa4o/FhoLtO3gW6s4m14Svw7Dj4lfhZXvEdPoCbAk8wvYFLrNEh4ygIh38m5SM0gr/K3hKlxxybbS8eDAFLG6KnhG/I5v1fhrGwf21aOoToZJDSVrnHCTN5HG+oFFDEAxtJGfc7t4+c32h7Gv+M9n6Ngiely+H0zPbkNP1PQk+uOS/4WxdNYoCfwItxUODsGdmPb86IVEc9bxO3j4JdjyDAZOW+l+LkzHb4BPZ5/3OVJG148pI1CLxbW8m8zYSePt0knhur4UZCj6JDV62US0I1K/qbcrGTizw8L7OLAk/so5yZDWGTMnjyl0cJ80kiXJyFulbTtMbQtJi3P0+Wdo8s7Q+jlmiPIsbQjm4mZxQvLsg/R1V0chV0ceOlUqmsYycwEqeZ2As+PLILuTJ0Nxc0EntEPnbNdLTDtC8njUnRGVDudTES5O0KMbs7BAu0l1MKEWMfAMDoHL6hHzsTlyVMGDgLBHtsuwN91tPcSLAxz+d7t8MFmdqo2wQ6GwsP9F9R08ALW1hYL0lJOYdmSDVhIh7do0QZM+2wxJr33Bd77cDY+m7kYqzfsRnL6GVQ36WHn+biCMjiaroyA6ugfUHPi2TxeuAiuEEPU7n66N4apfYMjhF0f2hleRto64GMY63J7CXWCSxwgQ1wJb+VVQt2BvgGG4XRu3Ec4ECLsQ0yDMMNbwpXq4PV3E2bSntdL6HUwjaQNz0HgmXhtBr7qWUHoCUVZjkDPbXRtfbFOPzEs3wReVKzsRhWF3uWKQpF5ZIws36Kx318uAu9SQYyKmV7EghPXqDMRSWFShTGmWOGMuz8V4sYL7p/RKASZqRXo4mJGVw3uzPgKTjFARYdXRH+jYBHfdsx28QfgBXpKMeDFC5PsQ7aV0EmcnkAsPlYu2kUujfKECa9dtYURFPHG/1GwiuR8YvtT8JPzikPvW8Cn4BeDXtzpyTXI3/F0+AbslOLpKQCLQUwkoFOwi7u7S50WUUjKvYkpdg3xTgs5VyW5/pii0OO5SHoQRhKiS6guTlbNYK1Cj2gIoto7CTtxweKI5TE2efpDVjyLS3q+ZY49kQLeZRoFIbdTYwqZlqL4PZLzk0pE2vPkSQ15LldD4DWzYDQwrK0NDKKKLq+ccXGJswtF9g4U2NpxjhnvLG/UaUc/TjmHqAsKdNmEnCiDOuEcQaq4O26XxlKTriXwmpw43UDgaVyoMwegc3fAQdhJR4B0PEQIpQgLdoiOzEf35nL7YXfRHREAfoapkd4BtBN6zhALt80Fo91D0Mj8cJ1wecLqGdMw1S5QYIHvoTPupNNp42f9dMMXCLs+vkboJoN+wiXUB5uV+w70q2dxyyp0OHGyCEeTziApLQ8FJQ1oNbrVvHduHkMcZpgg6xoaUYsHyWvnwBA6+gZ5Ht3oHbogTYcYkKYhcZ68hu7eQdWmpzdYeH4d6KbzDPJvu90FP7/vIhS7u+gYCcKOdl5juJ3n287wXtSmOjA6Q/wd06WHLrdb2jDlXKSXVgEvCD1fZWnL1mAnNLxWjTQNhWUqOGkmYtSk2uEJvAjzGyEWB54oDryx0FN/M+SVyWdFrN+UrCLmj/+JosCLAW0s5EQyPculKVouA98YRd1GtNAJ7OJShTcOs5guD+HiUBkrKaDfptGwjL8bVew7BT8RC04cTuLuVMM4X0dhJ4WKBVuckzzNICvEqwkv+V5clIIJYSE9ifFhHnFwisaOcYueK6/7MsBdrm8Nc2MahX88vfjZqGLQU4qlc9zZXYIdz2P0N5fBTsTzU+kq5xtLg9F0ECnYiZgmAjzC7BvQI+ii4TwlIT+/j7pdgVs0jS6lL48lHT8x+AkEXdwuDjqHdAxRCojyHbeV9B2bnnI/pXlDmjlknj15NldL4GnCI2gODqHBP4A62sIaxsaVrm6UO7sJvx4Ucif5BNpZ1xBOu0ZwiuGrwE7c3UkC8IRjEKm88FTCMc0UxkmtD1l0dqeb7CjSulFrDULn7VRT93sJpwCdiYy9C7FwBxieeQV4DFvtbh9dXEC5Kz+hEuzuU+POmvQWBbxIp6wa1kfo8bd0boEAocF9djH9Bph3RPK+i+kaIQjcLpkuiqEh06CNrsfhoNsKDiBIwA8SiPJPgBWkyw0xb4Yl7eU5aLOLoO0Ak1UtRSAdFkxOtURkR/8wPIRZO8PlPu4jQCi1Gmyw2L1o7xrgdYTQrDHA7vQTrm0wW5xoatLCanOjjW5VdbYQaBFefzvBLurg+85Ip1IXvxPgiaQDQxyw10e3Scgb3SHo+CqLmDf7O9AkE1wEe3jvetESlCnhBqCjW5dnsQV4algJITfWmV0OvSjsosCzxMBlE8UN1v9AV8QhNhZ4cdDJDCZxyVQuY+EXBWBUCnrxQhgriKOFVhU8nhz15wAX1yjcuF0caJL5L5cMU4mK500JUL4Nfqowxt7LZ/KdKtzyO16P6gRgbSOy8L01Fi4KUOQaFPT4m/h+4vuSoRWyLwUzOf5lGu24+LOKnv83wRfVaLrFNJqWKn3j6RxN6+g2PJfYNtF9RIGnNAZ6Kl157iodYoq70jjsLgeeDPJWsOOr+ltcsWwn+4vtS7ldSkF0jGTaqVHnx/2LI5ShP9I5JK+2XsIv5gYFjpcGcPP3vCapAFS7LzO2iRldzcxC6GmDw9D4ZTGjATQwLq6lVayiylgbFdHi57sHccZNl+ceRhbBd1JmXHEOIk3BrhtpMqDZGCTwvMhqIfBaHCjSe1BrF1ci0/X3wU1g+Qi8AAt5kO7GT7h56epcBJ2D0HMxvPNGOhTwZEUzmWigjgBpaDVh8fJ1mLdwOZav2oxPP5uHxYvXYsOGXTh6NAOJiSkoLaknRPtQUlyHPXuOoZivTc0W5BdU48zZCvXoWOqJc7A5O1FZa0Z5tRF1zQ5CtgcmZxsq6g04VVCBA8mZKK1rUctJ2unQTpzOh8UbxpmiCmTlFfF8jKhu1KGqQYu9h5JRVFEPjd6OZas24qtla5CanovV67Yh7WQujh5PV2MGG5p06O0bASNhdHbTvXb0MQSmg5MeZ6qT19rJNOlS0Osg7DqU45P2Tc8o8MJqrWaZyqyR6Vnv70Z9oBeNwT5CbwCa0KCacMKo3B3vNe+tSLk1Adq3QC8OvOhceNw+Bi8H84go/tTSt0nK8FiNAm/sHFRx2MnjXbJwrryKZBBwfJhFfKjF6HALarQwxgrgqMugxoJtdDxWTN8AHk9KgU4yPCVgiA5Gjj6FYWTIGT2/S0CWzyQMF5goePD3o4CNvY/CMwZJ2ZbnLZCzhKOyxoHHmtQm0GN6jB3rNnpNsn85juyD5xCd7flPpRr/BRJK0fOLTnYowBPFoT0Gejy/UUhJmo3R6PHHpm9McVh+A3ZxEVBKMbhdLgW7GPBUSEsJ2KLnHLsede6UfK9+w/SMQXPUMbKgWmMS4MlnqnIQmBFqatoqgs4iE5LGZFWKAVCgyP2r641lZIdkamZweQZSHgsSN2AOMw+ERqAPDENL8LV4ZRmAAVR5BlDqGcR5Ko/QO0VlUumuQQKvj8Aj7Fha0syybGQAJ3UEXqsTua0OFBo9qHGE1KzTVoafrvZegqxbrWvhF+CFCLxgGG5/UA358EbaEWTIF2Do5+L3Vm8IlQ2tdH2d+GTGPKxatx3ZuUVYuToBqWlnCJNcpJ3Iw7RpX2LlqgS0aBzYsvUAXnzpbSQePIHsUyVYvHQjFi3ZgADz4geT5yDvfD3WbtyPeYvWI2FPMs6XtSDnXBX2HE7H2m37sWjlJkLuPBoMdtRqzXjv089xtrQGC1dswKwFywi9EhwixHYfTMb4CR/gWNopRFiZzZyzGAuXrlWTfr734XR8uWgVZs3+ivBLQElZPRgFq3+MitHRzdCY7lBmQxHodSjodSvgSVgrbXlt/giC0r5J2NooI2Enay03eTvoxDtR4+tGjb+X0Osn9AYJPJldh/dQ7ifva3xiTnFsCnhUHHhjQ9pR4DFPKOBJ/mCZFkMSH+70bVKGZYz+BHjfhN0QtDHJe/UwPyWTeIria1oI9Ebbv1SBjIkZWIU/UmBZUL4BPFUYohoFXhxMo6CLQW7MOcnxdQw/1azJYyR/R8+NoJFCyt+okJvAiredjYKH36vezgjPmbWNkryPKwY+JcIv2mkQhaQoCnpeO89DPUY2Vu1xxdKJDikKZVEMHEybUfAxbUTxTo5L0GOaiCRt1Hv57Nsgd0mXO81oz7OI73kf/pIuwU4US6exks95fOlUkI4OBTwBXUwCOktMcegp8BF48WE/ZgLOpMQ8I+qOykypefmkbZDX4eT9d1FuZmwlFgYXC4KTcrAg2MO83hDPN8h8QfBp/EOo9w2h0juIYsLvHOGX6+kn8PoJPMKOJSNNBivTPqSbQkg3+JFBV5eldeG0zolCsxfVzhBknkALgedgSOemmxEX5w23wSvAC4Xp7EJwBoLwt3ciTCsm8tHluRnaNTFkLKpowKSPpuNYSg6OJuXg40/nIynlDPbuS0PC9qOYPmMxFixahyPHcrD06614Z9J0rFq7C9t3HcfseauwOeEI1m1KJJA2Y+W6Pdi+NxUz567EviNZ+JJAnLN4HQ6mnMKED6Zj1sIVSM7Jh9YRgD3UjYlTZmDZhu1ISEzCWwTZgeRsbN59BKs378EXC1diyeqtcDK0PJqai4XLNuBUXgXemjQN6VnnsWPvcSRw27KqFvQxNh5kCN3B+yVPjQQYlktbZCTSQ+D1EHgyWwqdnrTpMdSXsXkB6b0m7KyxWY5bPO2o93Sg2tOFCm83Kn29hB4rpsAQmllZaVlxKeAJ7AReAjEBHqWAR8n30WEoF1iumPfE5RF4Up4lApAyIRxRwGNe/Gt1xTefYSPwKIHGXwc8adQW4ElP5yXoSS9nHHhKCnZR4I0F3VhdAp4UXF6cAEoAHD8fBbkY6GKTCog04b5RRRtFo8/eyroZ8jjaWEc61plaYkCziSJRxYEnIBSpkDem6JMPvN6Yok9QSI9TVNL7pIaxKAl8L0lBL+b4ZIBv3C0pxxTTWODFQ1CVXjHFwRd3f5egR5gI0P5E4ni/KQU/QmUs6FR75hip8+HvR52wVBbynsdU4nnEgSfDSL4NeAp68e8IPCuBZ2EIK7AzEnQGOoeoBpgeA0yPQZ7bEK8pOljZxetiWYGPoumKioXBR7EsEUbMvBGmB8FnIfj0BF8zwVdLx1fGUPe8tx9nvH3I9vTipLsb6QwP0xk3ydi9DFMQmUYfsgi8bD2BRxVafKh2hdAS6GBF2ENH2Q0ngeemk/OEI/AQdiJXkMCjZI2LSN8A2vqHEOolFLr6YXaHcDQtB7MXrIDW5EXqyXxMn7UE+ecb1Gr9m7cexvqNiXRSexnu7uDrHqzdsA9f8/0qvl+6IgHZZypx38MvIulEPj6YOh+Zp8uxbM1OZOdV4umX38WTdIQZeeWY//VGmOigXDI+kqEjsxu+WLwa702bi8KaVvW6hyH0xl1HsHLzXqSfLsWMecuRQrht25OEj2csxIHj2VhAiIYIkOoGM07mMAxmaN3B+yoKRPrpbqUDpodhvXTgSCdGL7pEEtoq4IXVoGQ/geci8GTyVFkioYmwq2FNVcZaq8jVjWJ3L8p5T6p8g4Qe71XoIstwFGoCuDjkpOlCPtPzOx2l5f1tpRvUSnMGoScPKsgYXhnKFu/s+0tM+TZdER3rFQVeFC4MFwgaWVVIiYU0GjoSHqo9J65BQi6q0UeOuK2sjRB/XlWFKCy80psnB4u3g6nOhDFSbWOqQMcKMguZhMjKSSkXJeDiMWPAEtgKWGQwsFr2TQYdU/FFgVr5uUBRrY4Uc1vKjdK5ySDe+NMKdjrA6ESCPE9ev52f2ZS7+zZJyBuVTOOkenap0bF+Ih5L9fyOTSdp7Ge6yDOqStJGFpcK8XitKtwbWzFcSq+xtZNKP7nBo2kVhV1U0Yrmz4rHi4e30Uooeryxx4xLgKpAKKCLKQpEfs5jq7ZSnks8nJVJWv9E8e/6uL8Y8KIOj/ehh5WGwC4mM+Ena3DIQGYZwuLlcfzMzEGK5kLN+BFiJiePFPi8zPhuhjlOFgKpqEzStkeX3hQaQg3DprLAAAr9fThLZ3HK040cVydyHO04ZY8g1xpCrjmAU0YvcvVunDEI8OjwYsAzMWSzKeB18hgEXqSN0LsEPJGvvQMhGdPGuC8i0OP1uHmSZbUaZJ8tJShYIeu92Lk7hbA7jaTkPBScb0RVtQnVtWYUl2oYPraissaI03nVyD1bhaTUs6isNWL1hj0EkAUHj2WjttmG9JxitBi8SDyWhWVrt2PHgVS8PulTzFmyFifOFIPZXgEv/WwJ9idlweLvwpH0MzhX3ogWi5+VhCyOPYxDqadxpqgOBWXNyM2vRgPD+TPna3ldA2ph7ZIKDUHtQ4RlL8KKzk/jIMNzfHHg0flKD3N3Rx96mD7ddL+dwQhDWlYAdHky+adZOlNYI9XSjpcyvfNZyeTStp1mHHqWdMpnpi5y9qPMPYgqzxDqfCNo9F9AU+AiGmNqULqA+uAlNbBSayL4mun4NLzvrbz/OuYDmWhW5l80Mn/8tbrCwkwjMxGoabsFdjHgGXjR8RAs6g4IChZceawoKnnESEbdxyU1dHRAanR6peigVFn+T4YhxAutDEcYOyRBDUvg36pAM6NLDS8PostkmAosdFLyKn+rh9SlcPNVxs7JkAk1pxshZ+CdlxWRWiNUW1TadoKPUrOBKCjJPrkPgRtrNifhygqIir538Gbbee1j5YjJGZMr9upgJWAj3JR4LjKLcfy50rgkRIsrChymHwu9rLGrRAhYlXjNlIR/qvdS0ikmGagrY9bGSqWVwEnSSo4j6aIUT6Ooom1ifypVAYlkPzGNPaZANQo+gZw4Qp6jOpb8nsdlmslv4z3i0nMtFVf83qpKjIr33Nr6eM/UdbKyIBzMSnR2lLxa+bedIHQxbbxMlwCPzTIGmi2GVgDLFxhFKTfiZ+XkYx71UC7mCbvkE0oqQi3vbzPzSl14EJWhfpQEenHe140C2sUCOo7zrg6cZ0ycT+jlmfyEnRtn6fCKVEgbRLO/HUaCy0YHI8DzyCBdAs8bc3lx4AkE/Z1dBF2fgl6I1xDojM2yQuB4ZO44XnsbC6Xd0QW9IahWRouwsMq/C3zpY5rRJHIb3nOeW2OLDfVNVhhkeAzBY3ZE1GsLz9HkCCPAfGamra1uNsHA8FtmZjbJgjmEjNbuh5NuzMN8HmSZ8zMfWOgA7aw1nEGWDe5Law1Cw/3ZvF1gMo+ubaHj8bR0vAZ+L0+ZBFhOgtQo8FjrCPDaWJ66OvrRSzfb19mL3vYudIflOdsIggxtZfFyo7TdudtRbm/DOUsEWcYwUvVhpNCupenbkG5o52edOGXqwhkzAcgwoZBhQBFryCLHAIqdgyh2DaHEM4wS7zBKCcQyArGcAKwk+KroDNXyn3R+9YRfA9XING0aK8LwL+kKK0En0DNSMnOJzF4RB56020jNLrW9ghgLkZNAcxJsDoEbQWfvHIiKYYldPovV1DLq/vKBpnGpAae82Yw+lNTgUynoPI48imQnQKxMdAtrSpGNmVigI2CS5zDlVYAizlIeeZJ1aU0Enszw28qaSEO1iNp7qF4FPQGePJ4ljsDBC1ftRLIvnk/UYfIaBRQCLcrB63fy+l2Um8cT18Gyo+SVkItwdMk23Fbk4m/jTxMoKXDJmDMZgnFpSIZaSaw3Kqu89sl7fkc5CQY3ATGaTpQs7E2zAj/TSCRPJ8h3cgy5HwpyAlypcOQ9Jddx6SkIngclgIxLfcZrjkNq7LFEAln5XnpWpe1NYK0AKvvldcscfqr9RLaT84mdk3qCgp9Hf89j8Voc/UxXXpddrpNQs9LNWQgIJYaDIlvvIPc1xN8Nw8/jhfhb3j50cp8Cjk7us43pH2J6+1mxeHm9bkYWTjpqWweByb+lMpZhMxKRaPh3Ax1+DfNEpcyYw4JfwRtXwQJdQbiUEgCFlgDOGT04p4DnQbWsAudloaWVtEU64aSDEeD52trgE+hFInCHCDzKy88DXd10T4QbqRbq6UeQoXlts5Hh6GkcTT6FjVsO4OjxMziRXoTSMh0OHsrGqdxKNDU7YTAGYDT6UVtnRAfTM+9cJVpaHfAHedH8J9csbWkWgm6Efwd5nTqrDw7G9mQOHPKML9OWyYTKJoMallLBVxYFFFQ0ok5rR0mtlt+ZUFzdinOlDcg8W4ZT+VXYe+gkduxLgdnZjtSMAsz+chXmLlyDTdsO4nxJI0KsOKSCCTD9BHgy1ZUAr53uroflvJ+OfKCrDwO8KX3t0lvbjlCwTU2Yqifw6pxtKLJGkGMIIak1gAPNfuxv8iOxSd4Hcbg5hGMtYSRpwkhrbcNJbTsy9B3IpP3KNvcgx9pHJz6A084hnHUPI897Afm+CyigCv2y+t0FVmQXUEqVE4IVYyRQHKux38X1J8DTKuDR8QnsWDDEdUhPmxo8yowvSxy6CTaRi5Bz8UY7KQdlZ2YWjQWecigi3pW4vg14HoGDFFIpsJKRmeBW1jJW1tR2ujyBixQmKfxSsAQuDm4rD7Nb6PLMdHYyOaeWgNMQdM28a40dUWn4mTwxIO1zTlpjaQB386YqN8LjRwc3i6ORgi3AiD42FT1/wo7HkzVsWXZYg/JVgU/amQgoQkAt/8i0YgQ1Cg2RQMTDjOlmgXcSaA4WaDsLti0u5moBnr2fx+vn8QgHTz+PJ+kT24ccV645wM9ECnr8W4CnKgcBHdMgKqmERNwfv4sP8o1Db6yUm5Pzk2PF9iv7D8b3T6k0EUgzLdT+eA/E4UoloCof2Yf8ntv65N5IQSEMfQr8vGYBnQCP1ybAk2u3KzfHcyXorDHZCTwX5eX3AaZRhHlBplvq5r5potRMve08hxCvzUfAuVnqnZSd4ZWVzsrKvCchcdw9C/h0TA8NK8ImFtpGgkSJzqvB34NqdwfKbCEUMqzNJ/CKTQQeXVKzDKsIdjDfdSjgyfKMfsJNHtcS8EloK8Dztbcz3KabIwgtXj9h16cc3vH0XLw/5XPsO3gCq9buxuq1ezH/y/XYtz8DH3wwBwsWrMeuXUk4cjQbmZnnsWfPcXh9Xdi+4xBadQ6czDyHLQmJSikE58at+xjmarFr/3FMnTEfa7fsRn5pLTZu34+UrLPIyivGO5M/U6uEHTt5GkwebNl9GIlJmTiQnIXE45nYtvc41m3dj8Urt6CkWouM3BJMmDQNh5JOYf+RTKRnE8iVrTBYZMKBLgKuFwGajCDLnJ8VhgAvRCPRQdPQy3SWR+GGCPih7l4Mdnajl05Ynhd2BNqhZThbRQedZw7jhC6oYLe93outtVEl1Pqwo86HXXV+7KknCBsCONgoEAzjiKYdx3SdOG7oRoq5D2nWAaQ7hpDhGkGW+wKyqVOeC8ilzlBnvSM4R+WPUcFlin4+/A1dYZXxMHQ9RkqngCc9o5LRo5lZVtmSAuFiRnIyQzmZsQR0Hl58gDV2uI+1roQjJL9NGm/5uYXfCzhkpozRkJHvVYgrYGNBELlZGNwsDG7uQ8IZh7hEZmg7qypZ+NpOSNkIPTvh56SlF8AoAFBSqDws4E5magmpzdI2xEynFp4m7Fp4M5qYKRu76fI6ZD3WPthC3AftMKMAujTug7CTGZTjU8cr+LGgRc9RQBWVgh4hIZDzU/Iqjk+cn1xXHCBxpxQHu0BDfi/7s4uzY2axMJ0szDCWXqqf1zfItBvmfnkevB9wDXJfPA/lmmSfvA8e7l8k4BUYeQRkTF83IeCRioUVjKy/a2chtyrXQwjyexXa8vziis5XJyEpxf3Gw1F13rF0ZX5X4JbPJC1svDdy7rKAuY/ACzJvMHKjC4v+RkJwSQc/9yvLFXZTjHZUaOUkvEz9DMUY9tkJdy/vd5DX5+U9dxBwVqaBmUSzUnbaGjcJ52cahXgv23jMTlYSXQI/vg8zb/gJODcrM6c8v8qwysHfOLgPG9PTyt8KSOWYcr7S3GJmIZVJXA3MQ1HJoFdCkDe/yh5BCUO88zoXSoxuVFsJPFcIBjoVa6idFWMUeAHCTQFPHF6QUAgEGNLKoOMOtXyjVR7tigHvTGElFi5bjy3bD+OlVz7Ax58sxFeLt+KLL1Zh8uT52Lr1MLZtO4w1q3cgLe0MVq3aiiOHT+Djj2cx7HXi8JETSnqjC6XlDUglxIpK6zBt1pfYtusgYVWAIymZWLR8HZat2YQN2/fii4XL8PW6LUjNzuM5DWDP4VTMW7KGUEzE3iPpDGdD2LLrCL5cuh5J6XlIzSzA8rU7sGDJBhwm9I5QBcUNaGE62OgEfAyBJaQVBZhm4jrDkV50qnBWgDeAYab3MIE31CUzpsjAajrioCzY3olKZwfOWNqQrAtjLx3d5voANtRFtbE+iC0NIWxrCGN7Yxi7miLY29KOfZoO7Nd2Yb+uG4mGXhw09uOQeQCHrUM4ahvGcfswku0jSHGMII1KdwzjpHMYmVQWlf0nGvqGssboCmt4BGZKlt3T0eUJ8GRmWgl3giyA/JOZlH+zYKmamRfsJNi8lEyLw49or8X5sQAzBtGLmDjSqSGzeThYQKRzQM3soQqgFPxoeCOhjNTuSgSBlb+VSQJtUoOzAMsC2na6NxuhZqdc/NvLQu5n4fUL/FgLeXmDZF+GkYswcj/mcDedKoHHm9HY24OGPro92m9Z08EepIOQdQUiLKzSAE6wBBkOBChZM0Ogp6ZIH6ALEtFtietSoamAhecvBT/ucNSswwRRvKdIAURAwffxNrK4S7LQ+ZqYRkbaFQPPzdjTSxiwsA/xGnh8nhL8lGOIv+OxlevkfhWgpG1RwmceV5yTwM4pacH9iivzyfkJ4PiZrL8hU9KriUgpGdITlwzzEcnaImp2Gjk//l6FprznHkqF7FLZ8TocvH5xZ1LReXg/ZKS/zCIkjovlWwFSuT8C1tc2jK62ixhiZdLHtI3wXAXwrX390FM2Qk+WpuTHCEs6C/AIOiMrJGNnFyzcsYP3yUuI+QmQINMqwjzRzn3Ia4CA88jasISQnaGUnSGlo5fAG5CQuI+VrEwA28/zZvQhFTALp4sAcBJ6TlWBskJguCadTlpSvZ6hV7nZjyIW9FIDgWfxockZhF6WGgy0qfF1Ph4r2C4uT4amhBi2+WHzeuEg+NyEngDPEQrDz3MTGFc3GXE05RTKa/TYtuM4tiZQ247jzQmfYeXKXSgubkZy0hksXboJOTlFOHOmBGWl9VhCQLVqrThwMBklBFwn03TD5l04npKFsqomusbpaGw1w+IMYBMht2DpKnwyax7mLV6BfUdTcM8jT+JscaWCTn5ZLWZ9uQybdhzAwq83oEnvJCA3Kpe3/2gGsvMqUFShwYefzMOpvEqcyCpERY1BteM5PJ0MYxmes1wp6NFoBMMy+Lg/2n7Hmz7AimWY92iEwBvmvRvgfWinwXCyFpR5JstdXci1ilNrxy5NGzY0RrC2gWpsw/qmdmxs6cQWTRe2tXZjh64Hu/W92G3oo/qxS2QcUNptGlTaYxrCXvMQ9lMHLEM4RB2hjhGGSVQylfINDY4q+Vt0hYWwk16uUeDJWBdmeAk5BXZ8qzKoZHorYWdmprIxx3t4k7sIumFCsVOgQFgZWPO2iKTdjO5MekWjITOPwffSU6qmHuqU4Qgs/Ew4IxNOIGDk/gxMOH2ki4WVGZlOUtoIbUxsC2Eli2TbWFsr6BE6AQIgFOINYbwnYaGG52kYIES5nYH7aOKNaBrqR20/ocfCIAvYOEnwMAkXJPS8PC9pD/NdZOGjw5OCbWVBEQdmpqRxXfbrGCBseJ0CahU+EyZqtl+WXPXUBxNIpjWSNIsP15D3l8bWSfPAMK+5n2FWL1pZaFs7OqHt6oKe52YeHlDAIyfgo2x0exYCz0LgyD7UtPdMu+j6Frw+HtvGAmxvY7jBexJihRMQMEtFwgJuZMUgU2HJ0BgtC3crJVOpi1opabLQcZ96Qs8o5x87X3lyQ3qrXSJem2p3lHCU1y/u20eotfG7XgKPnFYDUwNyjgShmYXCIStakZID7kH0+FhY6KZMzBMNrHRa+gh26dFkOvNn4O1TwDPzvug6mRZ0UQaGjlaCzCVPL1BeKsC8JPO9+QlCD4Fo5zZmQsbczlCSVtLaz0qM99jCSs3E/dhZAD19AwyvBwhNgSTzB+9ZkOcYYGUllaRbgM9C3cywtsoSQInejTICT9YVbrIH1HOgsi6tK9RG0HUgROAFpKeWkLMTdha3G1Yf4SAdGAK9SDvFYzOk05jcKGXY2NTqxqmzNcgraET++RasXXcAGzYeUov5LPpqA+bMWY6jx7JQWFQDTasVZ/NKYDS5sHvPYaxeuxUHDqVgxhcLsPjrdVi3aSdeeu0dbNi6G7n5pcg6cx4554pxIicPOfnFqGnRM4w9iGajHbmFFVixYbtSflk91mzZS6d3kH/vwtmiWjrQWobETbyuYTRoXfAw81TUGaEh7OwMZ128hy7WeBLW+hX4BhBiOW5nfuti3hLg9bMyGooBb4SV9iDTvF0cNyMrTaAHZQxJTtm7cdTUhR3aTqwj4Fa3dGG1pgdrW3uxQdePTYZBbCXItluGscs6gp3UDssIEswj2GYaxlbjELYYhrCZ223WD2ALtY3abhjATn62xziIfVQidYBQPBgXQXm5DlymMcCLjnXRC/BYECTUEYfHj1RYK+1P0R42AV4fgdeHdn7WSzCGJYxgYZZQsqGtCw28+BYWAl2YrkaFy8MEGWtWJl4ra9xW1hZa/l7LzKwVGDFDa5lorfxtazg6w4KaLJCF2kjYGVh7GAgyM99LYRfo+Vj4w7SeET/B2T+MKlyEpp+OkImuD3Whjq6higWhtLcTNQxvZU47V2gYbYQdK2W4eWHSPmmmo9Lz960EsLT9tYR5Djy+judn6h2CdYDujMCTwbFqBhFegxrmIm6J6SSL03xD/ExAYqQzi0rgQvDwulu432bGfc0s2JouFvS+bhhZYB0XLyjouSgLgWci8Iw8Nz2hrpXeR8JOxhbKIGe1GhorASvTRpoWfNI0QCBJ5SAhnITuMhZRw+2bKVkzQonp30y1CPwIvVbeZ1k71shzlu56GXguw3VkyUjp6ZUOC7s4PHG6hJ+EsxH+RlbPZ12ilgGUTh+ZJt7AsEdmC/ZYOxA20xHZCQCfpGM36np4zQSehLUBVpzkP3g6dGNMR96XFoaGLQSZljIRMDIluJNyUR7mJy/l5ntxdWaCRx8Jc9sI8wx/09MJHdNQ18PKo7ODYW0PQdqvgBeko44wfdq7htBBx9ROxy3LFko7rLQJa1nA5fnZcr1HLQNQK8Cz+aB3BWFRM5FEgRdWwGM4y1DW5vHA5HTC5PaoUNYRphPkeVkDEfU7gzMME8NCg60NJgfzK62/xcGy4r/I8JAVWvACXy8wHZkHmdbSMeCmK7K5ItAwpJWnH+wewtwZIlwZVvtlnQ1WAlKJE8ZNBgfB5qSb6gLrUPCywKyAkPSA+2Xigx5CXXqwmRekl5b3xU54OQgvM6+32RxATasTzaYA7Cw3DpYfqfj97RcpVmwMF2xuumiZ6p6RU4DpFGZF18F73M38pYDHciHtdwK7C9QQ1cFy7GTiyjrTpZ5eZDO0OcKadDvdm0BuVWsfVukGsIYQW28awSbLRWy1AdsdwE4nsINKsANbrMAm8wVsMI5gnX4Ia3SDWN3ajzXUOmqDth+bqa2EZgL3t4MQ3EXtHit+t+sv6AqZP0rmh1czFjBDy8C+Vhas+lAv6liAqgmvZtJdZh5WbUp0GKrxngltZAGu9vBGsIZrYcZsYQZvIjCkYKueUSaUDGuRAq/lPuTVyLtkZChmoPQsqCIjJeOzDMycWgKtVrrfefPr+VrvZOaWAsX9KFdFe6CcDp1LsJ0utFNWtO9BRnc7KukUzTyxBmaiMgL0sN6I7HAYhYSohpnASbCHQ8x8LOB2Xk8TYV3KEKhy8AIamXla+BnTE6wIQNfMc6QbYME28VWuI/7UgYxPkzBWPQHBfanR3txOhbKUfBcfpyaDb2W8nZ6FT0vQt9K96uggDTyungWzlRVFC2vMWhZ8DcMFi2o3o5iJZdyeeoBfjku3J2P15DEt2a84SQ0zuHpA20do8KI0QVYaUtHwWtWTKfytlu/VoHEJb2U/PHfpgZfezOg+uS9eh4y1G70+fq4e8xPxO7kuadOzS4XolQXRe1HJAlUjlQu3kWuWTgv5XkfH3SwdBbz/9WGeDwuKQe4vr6cl3M38EkJDqIMVTB9aKGlukPdGpoVUqKrTi87MxbTyMT8EmXZu7sPCPGVkWum4fQPhWB4IoiQYQIHXg9JQkJVdPysKRgXSVsgKKsSKoI3p1cH71snr4U/BOlS1PcpwFgOdTIM9jEqjF1VGD+oIvGYBntMPizfIwh9hgW+PAo+u0kXAWQg6g8MJg8sNk5fbBRn+Mm+Z/O3QuSMwMCS0ECQGF/Ohl/nZyWt3DMETYXlhOsqxxd3yVjBKYdqGhvi7Lhi9PWiyhGDgq8nHa2TlYaX7Ekl+drIy0hFYGmc7jEx7NytSegjl7uW9NGtYGO2obenUpZOLu6VjZ35moZV2eivLuJYOvJGVktFPt86KRyI4bqacuoPfO1g+XDQoHsrLqMxPKEszRhtPuov3opd5eIB5VzotRnr6FPDiDs/Be93s71Grz2Ux4xxm7Z9A4K3R9mElC9UqgZdhGOsIvI0E3hYCL4HAE9gJ+LYSeJsIvA0E3loCbzWBt1I7iBUE3UpNPx1iP+HZj/XUxjj4qARC7BviZ9vGSLYZqytkZLOMcpZHO+TZRanda1irnLJ6cMRoxV6dEXkyXz2BIDVkB2sq6TljGqKQd3JHQyPjZTvKYs4uupo9Q1QmjImZTxqtdazdNbSCBmZEGZFvJVDMlJHvGbbDTMmzmBJeaXkexaYgcupMON1oxXmdG028kQ7eYBtvsCzz18oM28o4W9qaaFiQH+zAVqsJWSxMrXRxsgLWGcJg/qkC7Od1ZMvjLsz0knEC4WE1BbyBNzqPYezBUDvS6eRK+Hclr7GW16blK++HOjeZokgGOIprEwcnYasUcIG/6vjgPiUz01SpjCMN+dJxIU0CMk2VzNwsTkmeMjDQJeoZesr1WvmddA418QcFDj/SzGaUeMKQ5wWlfdDFCkAKv3QASZrZeZ1OyiWvDMMtTP8yFrCcFitOa+0otgVRTQg1SzjLDCrz26kxdKxkJByXYTGqLZIwlUZ9aVOUIUTSMy5uzsLv9HxtpQRi0o6rRsGzsKoJAnjcBt70s+YQjvJ4O1sMyKQTYR5SbY/SBtnAaz7Jyi+VziibYKpkotjCvBamk6TdKbMbOypqkGwwqwqplnmkkefBihlW7t/GtJIKQtou5Tes50ATpNoWZfC5nvZQy/Mvj3TTRXhxzGDC/mYNMj1e1DE9WnnfjExraf+U9lmaerQRCKyLR4HH+gBuadOkG2lytqHa7FfhbIPFixabF3qHD1ZW4jIFVIAOTmYKDsgYPJ+sTeuB3u6CzuEhqPzQ0wnqBXYsLzoCVMt72ephpcawvsU5xH32o9bUx795/5ivae7AU1HLEBiZtg2eIVRYulBh7UKNs48VF908y5c8ZaAk7yk9y6hsb+CrPIWgV58zomHo1UiINTOztQaYv/idTLYgFZhIftvIc2nyDrNCvIhGzzBNBMsjt5M0krZrWfpUnnCo5Q+0hLSku6Q3sxZdPbdhJBNRlcYIeplvBlhWhlmWR3oZ1hJ40oYXYdm3sdw3kuKFhEgGr+kQC8w2Xc8Y4A0oiK0zDhNqI2o5zW3i8gg6WU94i/WicnfiANcSjKt1ceANKOCtIujiTm899xeH3hZCbouuD1t4HNHmMdr0LbpCz4uVRJJxaVKAnax+yqWb22TFx1mZmF5SjFwWPj0zCqNEDDJ3X2BmkjanNFcYn5WWYHpeHvJoa6tJRGm4NPJVBpUaBhi6MmRrHeYNGabjYHhoYsFiHlDAMzODKzHxJawSuNT6R1DpplXNqcDKQznIqLOgigRhmqhC3sLCUMvapyo4ABv34WXhP8/wb1phEZbll9NV8CYTJnuYyyYknsDyOiOOMnQRiEnPp5+Ox87f1HB/uxlbTK1rwvis03j+QBKmnjiD1fk1WJ5ZjCXHz+I87U0dz0cmpBSnJ5AS6MosIdLWJQ31YVa10rbVTkjJ1D1+woWVLWiYwQhGdYTI0AwzHY44RtmXhd+r/fCaNe4RfLI1EU9+/TXWZZ5Tz4rK0BcnS6gsgGKiBDbSvidhr4PXIWmh4b6LCf2v085gy9kKpDZZUeRqoxtnhqYzNEj7J4Hm7h0mnEV0GnRQbkJG2s9crIScDE8cdE4O3l8bj8H8hXo6o0Zmcg0LhSHIc2WpkI4NC49ZzLxyxOTH5Kyz+LSsApm8nnqmi01gwzTZbnbh5fxcvFaaj8+bGlDJguNinM5DqHt8UGPB5LR0fFVShpN0UIUkUA0Lk5G/JxNgY5oZuB9xx1JhSDpKRRINnVnQ+beG11/IPJriDGJuzjl8mVeIrK5+FHMfdfyuUdpMBWq8FqmAGP2p40sIrsI/+U46bRjmtbg71ILtdVYfnY8XGhuBRpBaCTOXL6hAF2YYHQVeAGaXFzq7GxoCr4VOsMkZQAPLgKyromdF2uDuRYWJ+3Swgme6tfCmNXp4XkyDWl6g5G9JZ5nRuZx/V7Is1fJ+KzG96/hazzSWSU+buW2TvOdnzfxbw7+b5W/m7yZu28LPlfhew89buY1I3ovkuzruv8J1ISo3KwrXRZQ6LqCEtWeRdQiFlkGcY+12pNCArWnlOFFq4rn3QutnNBAchlNCXd5DGRPJJEYfKxNZn2OYeWekVzovehjidiHEcmQh+OsYzsv8hOkEykFDFx1XD9YSMqsEeFoCjy5vHcPaDYTeZkJvKwt0gvUCtlFb+H4TYbee363lNrLtKmbIlQI8Qi4OvLXc1zpqA/e7kaDbNEYb5TNKvotr/WW6QhJJeuxkXJqEejJau9QTxD6TGfds24QnM9JwkjdJ1heQxYSl5F3gxfM+IsHkxUtnz+LxQ4eRw0JVxtzZ5O5UHQQ62sCm/m7UDnSikT9olTa2wRHeyCG6Ld4c7oMQh5771jBB6+WGU0W0RHW8YV8fy8Ok5TtxrMZMJ9kHfayQV/G3hQwFzhGCGhYAVgoo4nfj007inQNpqOCN1vHvpaUGPLb5GD4914g9ppD6TIafSO+yie/PU7ONFtySehI3H07Bw4dO4JHNiXhqxU5M2XMSq3JqeL50jxaGAbxupj8MPJacr6yeb2A84eJ5hOl6wgRwkK7TTTui5lOjC2HkDDe3NTNdDISdrofXTyi2MI2l8hAAyFQ4LbTzry1PwLNbt2Pd6VLWlCzgzGgGltRWuk8N3RLzg4KdgK6V5yFpUct9lzLd3k84gi9TzmJ/jQFn6FjqGZo20eE1Sttnx4Bqe3USdtJmZmfoaKPzcrKG9kgHD62PgS7FSPAxikAd91nM7UvopqoJeg1vsoX3W9y3HPMMz307Q687duzF46dzkcHPKngtzfw+1zWAiWcK8Pcbv8a/7d6AO9OTUcLvPCSl9OqygseaqhY8umsPPsw9iwN04zl0o6WEq5ZpxWRQ6dvAgm2Q3/FcZBJXmeLHyPRvohr5tzi509zmAAvXMwkHMDE5C5ncNpvfFTFtilkJNfI3UqlIT7MUWGZH8LYoeAb5qoAXZiVMR9LoDKNRxuDR3SngEWhWgs3FkDUQDCHMcFZeBXiyyLSOQGyhC2xyBFBLWFbZQmhkRNHKvFvJmjBPE0KRqRe1TLsmwknAU07gnWHGKeANLGF6nuFrGgvtGUKvgudXxnQt5O8LCMl8fl/IPFBC65XPfci25/laxs+K+d15hoDF/F05YVbNbQSSohoeq5K/L2NGKeI2+ayFzpqHcdo4iBx9P7K0vciiG8po7cNR/nBHvgVrM5qx+EgZpq5PxaQl+7D6aCFym/wop0NrkLCceVuGKLUxLWnEVUfVwMAFDDFqGybwJJzt7Yiu32HyRlDjCOOcjMFj2HiQYdF2FhSBzBpeq2gtM8F61lobpTPCOIRtPD/puEjg61YTISjuT9r56ATX6gejbXiE3mrCcg2lYMdrWE+4bRDACegYNm/S9ar38plIvhetU4r+Jq4rZN0AmV1WnmAIMfP56M6q/GEccjjx2JGDuPP4UWxg5izkdpJxLvLGSM1ZzESYkluKZ45nYm51K84SXkXMlLl6H0O0MAtNF/Lb23CaMfD5rk7UM1NKDVzF1zJmvGIes4A3Ko836jT3mcv3JdxnITPAWSb0+qJGrCqoQzrDhFPtF1DOApHP42YG+pFkDSPN2oZK7kPCqDSGLZPLa7G0So9KnmMJz2WNpg0PJmRgQnY9DtPOy/Hp5lUPoEVcAgvZ1EY9fnEwFVcfycDTWSX44HQNvjrfiu0NXiSZe1DNG5zPTHSe15XPY+VSWQyH8lhg5NhMPzByITAIY55/lb8f5wn8cyyM5+geztEyFzB0KiRAivibc4FBnGZGquL2LTxvNaMvM/KeJg+2MYbI8vdBx/1U+FgYWIjOMqY7z+q1iOFfMUFVwMoij8etFifD9CjnPrZUGnGg1YcTrFlzGOPn8eYUsFQX+hkqs0Dnu9tQzJqssqMfzfxdC4HR2kdXxRClhfe6MsBa2R9BdqANKeEOHG/vQU77CMp4HnUsWAYWIOnYaOHxzvF1j7MX9x89gRtT07CNTqtKzoP3Jdk5iMeTM/HjA3vwnV1bcN2JFCQxRGK0qcI5yT8fJufika17sFxjwgk6/XNMu1MEz1m6o3ze8yJWdGXctprXWE+p6d1ZqM/SiSSRHDK3XS4LYKKPLoG1xQM7juL17EJstLchkRk4JTCAdKZhmaQvJbPuqIqc5y3hMW+FamuUdi6LdASRhs1Mn2a6RY3dh1abW81cbHG44eKJ+/0BhAi7QECAF2SoG1SdE63uMJo9Mt9bD+p5z8sd3TjPuLDU3o8y5wjyjX04XOzAksQivPPVIYyfsxfPf7EHd05aiZve/hq/f30RXlqZhqeXJeGRhYfw2KIjeGLJcTy55BieWnwMTyw8jKcXHsE7m3IxI7EC7/P1RW7z8ldH8NrS43jlq8N4ecEBvLboEN5ccoQ6jDd4nNep1xYdxMtf7sPzc3bh2S924unPt+PJWdvx+IwEjKMemb4Nd7y/Gn98aynu+mgdnud+XuZv3ll5DOtO1uGsQSZVHUS1q58h8QVV4Uh5F3csLq+XDm+A5BukoZFwtluG7QTbYGCaVBP+eaYgTjC2PqTvUMNONirQDCgp2FGbDQPYShAnmIawgyHedkreS+/sZgJvk7hAQm89HdE6aj3BJ9rAfWwkvDfRMWxirbiZ4cAWSl43URv52QZqvYHHVCIkRzWodIU4N61kDGaEUPsQa7NO1QmRxhv9PsPZm48cwZSKBuRwGycLWD+3q+P7HYw3Htp6BK/uzUYOE+Qc4ZDLDLtf48YxSxDpLGSHPH7stjuQ7mtDBX9XyG2yCJ4T3D6l7QKOsIAmsjTs9IxgO6F3ggUynwXoaLgH220+JDE8ySSYkvm7YwxbD4R6sc8ZwS69F4l6P3J9dCM8l73MeEsZhh/nMSq4bTr3lcCC9uD+83g+oxHpLFglvHEWhmuutnY1vqyS5zCFgPzRgZO4MbMUHzX5kMDCVcDj11EN1Hn+LocFJ4n728+bvzXI2oUlZ3t4EMeYbud5bk3crozHPMXfHrZ2Y4vGh/WNLqWNTW5s0wZwwN2PFG5/mJlory6MDFrNEhY+6SQRp5vB71Y6BpDKYzQzjTNDtPfOYezwM43oHo/5Ijhis2Mn3dU2hiPZErLw2DVSefC1gucgkD/FOPq4qwtJjk4kO7qQaAyxlmVaOdqRSujmMH3PcttSXntd+CJB14tUTwT7WNi3Wt1Y5/RhHY+VGBxALiuiCqahlq5CwNzI/Rfzd8dZAbxxvhZXHTyGGRqHAl4ez3k3z//BA+l4JL8Ev05NxfWZ2VjV5FWwqyY8D3gHMW5jIsbvTkY695PH30lapzK0PGSPYC8ryqPWTmT6Lqhjn6ay6WxSWTB2VgWw6rwFm5vbsIfOZg1j3gX6MO5KPIlXixrwWZkeCdo27LZ0Yq+zixWHrG0rnW90jrzv0q4qYwalzVfaqGRcqADPIJ08vg4CLIRWujYtYae3OmCxO9UiN36vD6EAQ1sCz00TYGfamHzt0MlqeKRnK/OwhJnnCLvkKjsKrP0qSjnKeHX29tP4POEMvtxfgvkHKjBrfzleWJKMe2bswg+en4vn1ufips/34ScTV+HKSWvx+6kJuG7aTtz42W7cLPpkJ655bwN+N4GQ/GATHpixF0/OP4LnFhGSMwnPDzfg3smb8NCn2/DgJ1vxwMeb8fC0bXhsxg6+JuCBqZtx75SNuGfyBtw9eSPumrIJt3P7W/i7G99fj+t5zKteW4LfT/gaj89LxMzEEuyr8CkXKaF2hWsQzUFpA45XGvK4nwwEH0Yvo4W+7l70MZztYnnyqV7qEKqsAQIzgBO8N4cJvF0Ml7cQNuLoNqrXOOwGCLhBwm4Qu5QIPhmmQpe3jS5vq2GYv6Pjoyu+JBmqMkD18/d93K4X20w9SlupLXTVm010fSaGuybClftfx32uHRVDZeoKqVElxJR2kjAxHvS3wcjQ5zTjkK95469LPIQn008jjZlUQkhpVznBzDidQLp301EsSK5XcMhggf/gWAEeWr0bt3+1AfevTsCLh1LwaWG5gqEAJpWZY7bGijfPlOLFpFN4MzUX72Xl45btJ/Dr7bl44Wwd0rivE9RSqx0fllVjFUO7g/x7Sm0TnjzKgvTVKozfm4S39qRiSW4NipiR15oCuOtAMj6iQyvgdZzj9qsYCtyTWIbncs3I4t+FzOgyNZE9FISfN48OHzNqHPjh4TO4NqMS79R4scY+gjTe4Bx+d4LpksVrXWdox2cVRjyXXYKbDqXj13uP4p70c5jEUHsPryub+95JCDy5i+d/vASvnarHs6mleOxAHl5MKcM7uU1450wTJuTU4qUj5zB+/yl8lFqMJIaMxTyOhKaTM6txc0IuFtdaUcv9bWOB/e3Oc7jpYCEeSyrAE7sP4alNm/D4Xhbw0xbssnahqqMLp+gK5+Q04JOkImxtcCIpMIwMpvOC4lY8uvYAHtp4FE8dysXTR8/gpfRCPJd1HvMZhp0lJEt5v5Lp1mZXNuPlE6dw9+6DuD3xKB5Mz8G756qxstKBBu5Lwklpu2yi5FwFtrMNIfx45wG8eLZadfYIvBYxFHpgbwbeKG7GS81G/IL36oPcOrX6mISaX7Z68ETCcXx5qhbV3D6DoP+E7uzZ7Qdx33IW1lU78O6hU1hRblZQlXPcZxvBF1kteHbdCdw2bzfeOF6OxQZmcqbbNG2YeTMLj55jujK9p6VU49V9p/D0vhP4JKUA570X0Uj4SHugtN2qx+V4LgJgmRZMJqUwhvugD3ZBx3BM5/RDJ8Cz2GFh3nMywvG5PQjJql0EnqwJ4WJetLLS1cs4PrrJegKhkpXSKX07jte4ka2jo2dsviK5GvP3090tT8Lzs/fg6Tn78dSXhzFxG8sHgfWHjxNwz7J0/G5WIn7wwWb853ub8eMPt+HnU3biN5/uxR8+3YdrRFN24dqPduAWvr9/zjE8+3U2JmwqxJQ91fhkfy3GL8/CPVN34Nb3Nyo9OH03nv7yKJ6YewgPz9qLB6bvwn2f7cRDn+/HI/MOY9zCJNw/+xBun74P103mOcw5gt++ux4TthYgoaodWQyFS5lmEnaft/aihpWUTMkkk+G6O4cR7BpCO2Pbru5+9DDi6GE42xlpV6u06eiSK81+hu6MNnQhHCHw9tJ1JbDCEje3RURgbaMSCLydhNJu8wD2Enh7qN2E3i6CaSeBt8M4orTdcAEJ1HYD39P9bec+dvB3O8x92GnupQHoobqxg68JPN+t1j5ssQ5gEzPsRitdonUY660j1AWsi+mKYmaARsJAAS/Sh7A3DGffEEqHLuLQ4EXcfiQFt+w5in0EgbTJSFvMBtaiTze0YNyuDBwuDKv2vW2MP147lI8vau2YXKzBu2eq8fixbNyzJwln6CwkPFzNjHHb0Uzcl3oaE0saMV9rxUq7Fw9k1+B7uwvxO2bg3RdYaFkgprS24ucbNuHdFj028u8b9x/CoykZeDUrDxvsYUw/XYmZ6aXIYyY+zoI4LqsAzx85q8Bbxu3nagZxR2Ilxhf5kcm/i3h9et4sa8CnZomQh+Pn1wfwY8LimsxavFHmwgLGQcpeG/uxvCGARDqEt0/X4k0W4vE1erxkcOJZqxfX5ZbgxzuS8U5zENu570PUw0lVuHl/Pq4m+J4rMOEz7ufZ01pctzULz2Q34Qve/JmNIUwvt+FpuuJVdIJH3Ax96TYf2ZGJP+4qxdw6O87jAg5wfz9P0ePaLCOeLNBhvs6GXR4XXiY0f7I+D1PPNOCsw4pKpukXZ3WYnFqOUyzUAnqB++wKC+7bkoJnkkswud5H9+rHpAY3rtx2GHdlFyGZYa00JXxd68Z9hzPwenkTFrAgv2dxY1xJNcalncMrB86ilq7OzvtNo6cqu1b+TpocNrFQ/GTnIdxx5JRK21zqnUJCdl8OZlbYsYrn8l/7j+OxxFycIyBz+P34kgY8f/AUDmo6UM+/9zLDTUylA6rTU0Z81WjD+xmleGlfNmvobhRymyWNYdy/NgWvH6/EV02dmK/pwse1fuzgdx/Svl25Mw03ZpTgk3Inkm3AsioP71cVXt6djkxbPyroVGRePmkLlMcjpWNODb+KDPNVZuLph4nRhNHfDoPLr8JZvdkGi8UGJyMTn8sVXZeVwPOHOuCJ9MLeRgiEh9AUGEKFZxDnbH3I0ncipSmCo7VBHKoO4oP1J7GERuC1JUm44721uPHdNbhp8lbMzXHgrf11eJnAunvVady8/BSuW5qN38xPxS9mHcVVnx/HNfPScNOCDNy5OAd3L8rCfV9l46nVBXhjew0rNhPmZnkw5WALxq8rwAsrcvE8IfjEglQ8Ovc4XlyRg3e2lWDilkK8znzyyppcvLz6FLc9i9c2FeCtHeXcTxmeX5+PB75Kx6SDTbjti8OYm23DaeZ1aSKR5gBpMzxj6qTLkwcI6PLah+FoG1DPMYe7BtDRKTOnSDjbiQ4CT9yvlsCrMPtwWhcF3lECbx9d2E4pTyLCTOC3PQ47ah+Bt19pkO8HsZfb7KEL2y0i8HYZL8TE9/xM3KBAcrelj+rFbmsP1Y1dth7sYM22nfd8m40O0jaIzTaGxqwwNypdGNUVJTHgSaweYgZoC7TDP3BRtdlkElSTKxtx09Z9+KxKi0xmmlxuP73JiqtTTuC5A6eQrRlGHWtjyfQJLAh7mWh7CKCt3PaVYh3+kJCCraz1KllYPswz4Fc7k/FSeSumNtqxNdSNfR09mM2M+Z3tpXQ16djf06Ec3oQ6A36z/QDea9ZjHR3ZXbuT8OyJc3i/tBm7uf9EnlsKoVXKbfcyU99wMJ0F7BRyeB3S3jerthN37SvDpMoIjvP7Gm4vw2KM/ijwpAAsbA7hB0n5+NHBM7hu9yncuj4ZD689hk9z6rFKyzCL1/psyjm8ysL6nsWHaf0XMJP7fsHkwb0E+iMnK7Gd+04gGO44UojbEvN4PA8WuugMCdgJZQ7cxP1OyDdiPWvNZbZhzCIkH9yThVkVZqRwmwyG6jdtSMOP15zBJ2VahnnMADzGlcl2/CHdgBluZgw67ozONsxqDeNHOyow/mQFCjrCOMdrev1kA57Yewb76IokdD/JdJ5ZZcGt247jjTON2MyMvI6a5xzAz7cewXVHc7CX1y5h9LvZDbg5MQPjq3T4mr9dyuN+3jWM14ua8OzOTKRbGRLyc+kJF0ds4Psqvm72DuO2dKZZYiqWMiHlfB87VYLH9+eowaZH+fftJ8/izt2pWKNtxy7+/ces07hv7wmG2hdVCHyQIFxlacc+vt/FfW6kW3o3v4FpcxILmwIKkvPr/Lh7WzpeO9uMZcFontrI323hbz4lFH+9LwP35tViNiGYxzy0nUD8rKQVL/I4+/Qh1Twgk0WKw5MODOkVl7UUTDHgWQgvC/O8OdAJkzsIg80NI4FnlVX3CTw/w9qQh8DzBeFj5COrhZll7CFDfgn3Kr1DyJeZPegoTujoLs7bMfMAgbI4CZO2FeLpxem4a8ZB3DwtETfPPIK3D7bShbLyTNTg0c0VeGBjGe7fWI5n9rdiQpobb6d78UaSHeO21uCWRadwy4Js3LEoF7fOz8Tt8zPwxJoivLm7CW/uasRr26rx2pZKqhwTd9Tg3d0E7OZSPLvqLF4iDF/fUsq/i/l9MT5IbMCMNDOeWkkA0iE+veY0nlhJOO6vwYsbzmJ1cRD5TKdKplMF80Wx76IaoVDj6YMsfi9ToLna++Hv6CfwZHFvWZSoR0GvXeYNZNq0OkPqUb1R4Bk6sZ8h5i4LHZtZJGErw1cCb4/AjkokvA6a+3GAr/JeACjfySNlOyXkpbZTEv5u5+dK3F4kLm8HXd4Ogk+0nRBMoLYpMewVcbst3OdYXVHOC2TlCVlDIMQM0MEaT8JW5nXk83UfXd8DOw5i3ME07OG2W9z9GH+uAj9evwVTcqtQyIJ2lFrIHXxYacVTx0owLrkCj2XU4/rDhfj9gQLMaRxQoc/jB8rxM4avs33DWBO8iNNyDOoUdeUhA+7afwZJQS9S+PdL5Q7clVyA6Tq7at+bdKIKT+0/zUKUjhfO0x0y4wpkpb1NQstf70vFYwwZzxGG4vBmlPtx/57zmFHfgURph+JnrCCgDQTUsA8ZizeXruf7x3JwzakKTKh1YC5htJag227vpR3uxE4WrieTT+Ge4xm44fgJ/C6VofeJk/jRzkT8hm7pyrkbcZTw3MkC+2BaER49mo/j3K+cl4S6s3URPHzsHObVBZBLOB1koVviHcHDR/JYuFvUNkn87R+3ZuM/1pzFlJIWFKFbhfDXZ9ANZ1lwnO/FEcmjcwe4j18n6/EYQ+IiOsGT/OyJbA3u3JuHNc5BHOJ9TGOmnVFjwT2HMuiIvCotpEf6EKF118Fs3JiYic28rqM87lPHinFP0nncl1mKp3ns2zIL8NsDKbiTYeHb/PxAfVj10MrzxWosItOtgdpkbsebNS34A0Pg58prsYiQvfFkFl48dhp5BJOEuBMqmnDrnmN4/VwVZjNi+I+kY7hpfwpS6MDTuY+jhOesBg/uZ6U5LrUQrxU047GTxbj32FnMJfBSmVbLjV14IacSd9Fx3kWgzqNVE0e5jWk+hzX69YdyeHwt1tE9N3L7bEJvgz6MN4+fxupGixpKY2bekZ5GmdxBpgaXRyjlyR+Z4l+eKlEz8wRlXdkwTDYPTGY7bAxr3XYnAgRemMALeAJwe0KwuiR0Y+H29jCkHUIVwV9gH8QZ+wWkMPSZn9qEcQuO4oF5x3D/wnQ8vDwP49aW4r6vz+P2RWdw/8oSPLujBS/u0eHlvYwY9urwwq5WPJ3QiEc3VuO+VSW4fWk+blmch5u/Ootr52RSGXh2Vws+PdWOV/ZpcffiM3h0VRHG72jEm3ta8E6iDjMyfJh/ph1v7GzAXfNY8S8/i9d31mLi3ka8satGncu1DI///pFZePzrTDy9MhvjN+bh7Z3F+CKtBbvqOtR9K2O+qKTzr/SPoIoJ1hLsU1OwOTvlcU6ZAouGiOoU4HX1Enq96jlaV7ADGlcEZeYgcvV+pPEeHDV00bn104mNMOykCD0JWeOwO0Ad4vdHqMPUAQJsH7UnFq5up7aaemNtc3GxUhExAhNtVWKYzNdtRgKPjjLBwPCW2m7oprqwQ6lzVFdUE2LSoyXAC3deQDdreBmcaWeGrGNGP8sM/0FWPp48ko7pGhs+03twS2ISbtqRiAQbXQYTKZmFaUKLCXceOY2nj5XjzQIHJutHcD9frzpWg8mMZ/+/8v4ySrLkzvJF68P7ct96bx7cNffOTM/0zB3N9DSru8WMJZWkkkollaC4VMzMzFzJzJyRFJDBzMzMzu7hwcwRud/edvx4HI/wzKpS37lfXubayz2OH7Rj9rP9t2NmJ5UZ7lu7S/BXdCPP+JZxlplRBVnAOkF9OWUMvzich1RPH87zmNcXDeO7ZyrwDsPX8zxHvTn+rZpRXJdUi79haPRX5/NxR6kb6VxXjuJvzmThG/tTDfBK+PcThW5csz8Hb/LizrOQqSMxKxu0DrK25rlosoA3OsP4QkYB/vOZVDzcM4QDvG51cRGAdwSmsH1wFt89cBLXpufg5sZm/LyiAt/MycGPs/Jxe3E9HkytRjrd01EWwJ8m5+E7W48ji4VZDlP7ebU9iJ+dTMP79SHUMY3UvedtZqhv8vyvp0tTGigc/8qhIvzFjjI8QadVjkkcJzT/4VgIXz5eb4CnLiGMMnCG+/jLs+34JiuCVKwYMH4vtxf/fLwY7wQvIYFpIdjcklGOrx4/i4/6R1BOSKpdUA8rrkvIw/eOpOETnsNO3u8f0pX+OLka3yJAv59WiW+nleCHmSW4o6gR79UzTGxnRmba9VAdrNQ6WSj01PQEQ51XfWH8t4MH6ELP4be+Xnzh/Ck8VlgH5mPU8jxf6/bjn/YdxnfS0/HNhkr8PxJP4ZdldUjmtSXxmh+p9OHXKbX42kG6jsIuPO2dxw3VvfjWxRK8yEonm/fnHPfz9vgKrqlu4HVfwD8SmC/U+nCA+fXZjiHmt3TcXNWJZN5PGghUMC8edk3hxlMX8XRFPdp5zXofhjovy+FpWvCuCPA0jE4TvKrfqd5F69aQLk8IfX1eePq9CHoYzvqDBnjhQBg+7wB6XANoYdjW7Bk3b0yrDiyigCHU2ZZxbC3y47p3zuOHr7LCeDkR//LiRfyXR87gf73rOP7To0n4m+ez8b/ddQL/9xt24v95ww78+1sP4usvZOG6TXX45ouZ+E93HMT/5/fb8f+i/suDp/Cl13LwtbcL8WUC8O9eSOW+TuM/3HMY//sd+/EXdx3Ef7nvCP7rvUfwBep/PHAMf//YaXyNx/zem9n44pMJ+D/u2osvPXMWP32f+fKVRHztmZP4xjPH8WhCK+4+SFe4Mw/PMuzeXzeKJDqo/BCjJVYYVQNLqA/TwQ7OMZ00coOhLMPYoWlN5jCP8ek5TFJqx5PGGd76Gam1BcZRxvyW0TVkJvs81TNtwtX9LoakEqGndrqDPNYRA7sFnCLoEqhThNxxAu5wH0PUvmk6tynspDXfSm3um8Amfm6io9/EGnczoba5e956CNLFsFUPMzoXI8PNCMqOKeztmMA+Rhb7mY8OdIzgYMdwVFfRAKGDGUgh7SgzjkZRjDCE1MwmhCdqqW0tfbiJIcwv0grw26oW/LePd/PvHNPOksP1VHC/lZuLb53OxEHuaxv3+QIT76flI/gf51pxT80KThEM3z9Qg6+cqcLDLEgqgHrCqcL4StsSfpSzTKtfiPy+LqTwXH5bOI3vn6zCNv+UaV8g74zLSaL+xNj9rzOr8C/7s2h9CVwu+2paOf5l+znksEAJNk/ndeF6hpNbOieQzXPS9i4W/pbhcVPbB1ig3usdxFdLyvGFU+fxDkOcPWM8TxaIC4TWMdr4g+MLuPrwCdxSWIxXwmFs5z6OULu4n489g0glONRf6jwL0nUpDIlf/Ri5QdaOTDNB763GHvyKjml7rRd9LLw53O5dOtOvHkzGzxIKcYwFX+f+3dNV+JsjdXipuQ81mMBp7u+LO3rwlV15ODY9ReCtYASXcI5A+8tTDfjamTycXlnEfm77nWIv/vlMJd7jeSTxmvTU9NoTKfjnQ0ewxz+GXDo/dWHR8jvppK47lonNPO+PCIcfnSnF9ZksAA0DeIdprvZIVT4neZ6n6KbS+2dQ41pAq2cFHUzAdv8l1PlXkMVr2M+a/u+PHsC/O7EHX6rOwX9NPIotPX6ePdfj9R8ZnsHXjxxhKHsO/+bsAfxvuYl4cngS2fz9PO/RV7ecxx8y2/EG88lHzHPvUTe3h/CdnEq81jNhnKnuoyqz16lbJ4fx7z7Ygm++vReHCd5n6924muH53RVtJh/xtNDMdDtLqv3h2HncX1hiKlO5eQ3n0lRnFvCWzWQMerWBuqeYiVxH5uENjcPlCaO/1wcvgRdy+zHsC2I0QOD5B+AlDLv6gmjqDqK2J4yK3hEU8TxT28ewLbcbTx6vxN/fvQnXvJeJf3khCX/9LO/BO+X4+pY2fOGFAvybO07i3951Gl94mG7riTR89ZkMfPPpNHz7qRQ6wkz8+HW1q9HJvpqDr7yUiX96MQ1fptP7+nvF+OKrWfib51LwjXeL8PNdjfip3CCXf/utPHzztSx85YWL+OdnE/FVAu/br2fhh+/m4+oPCvDNV7icofS3XmL08zZh+OJJfP3xPfj122fxxPFy7KkIIYc1aREjoCL/Asp8M6jyTaIlPM2wf850TB8g1DTB6Rg1TjhMCHb8Pj2zQGmssoZs0g0GJ1HmGkNG9wgudI/jVO8MjvQv4oD7EqFHEXgH6fIOE3jHCLyTBN4Zwu4sYZdA2J0k7I72T+FAPyOr/gmGpePY1j9muh9t5vfNgh+ht4XA20LgaQICPb3d0blC0LHs0mHv65gl1OgsCbujhN1xAu4Ea+qTHeGormonDDTKwfS3IQjUI930Rp+9ZGYRaZu7hLTBadx0PBnf2pOAbxxLxXf3nMGrZa3maVsDC9mx8UlcnZiE689lY6/3EvaxQH3ITHltTg/+8/Z03EuvnMwa+KHKUfw0oxU3lfTirf5p2tIAtjW14ZcXmvBXJzz4+YFsFA74DUjvqJjEt/Zm4PnyFqRxXyfr1T+MhUWZn+Hnf9x3Dj86ls94n4WU+/76yQx8e3sCMnkdgs3zeS34za5z2NoaQjrDD3U21ogFvZhGr3lTp9CXWVi+fDYJXztJ4PUN4tTIsuk6o1EYCgN3u0K4Ztc+/OLYcdxZVIh3R8IGCNtGR/FqdSMueMdREl5G4vA8fn7oKH74xsfMPEuoYTqWcD9vlTfit/tPYH89QyRupyaCd9yj+Pq2Y/jd2XxcYPqe47LvHcjEl/bm4436LlYAc0ji/fjapip8e0sKzjOTtaxqPO0szvL6//5IMX5wKsuEdqepH6U340sH0vEx3Yae0JbzftyckIa/ee9DZrZBFBJczTyOAHLroWT8Zn8ijnL/+5lO157Mw1+/sQ83ZtRijyDFdfYTDDtcw9hS1o7y4CIL9yT6WDt4eQ806qJlYAUlhMWZ6QX8oYCFM+UUvluchu9nJSJ5csk8BWW+Rj7P456iInw7+Qz+JvE4flBdjO3zBCaPcZyF7PubT+P29Aa8F1zFq+45PFDvxc/Sy/D1U6l4rqbfPA3eT0o93e7CM8MjeH5xHj85k4Kr3z+AI4yxX6/vx0/3n8V9udWmuUIVmjrgHm8N4vd7j+Op4nLTDq3hkpreTEOpNCmGJrntpdwTzN9MB70oKDjCQhucgNtN4PV44e31IOTyYYgub8QfwnBgECGGvN7gODp5z4tbfDhT2IodKdV47Xgh7tmcjF+/cRpfvG8rfvh6Iv7p6QT814dP4C/o1P7ikfP4u5cJrnfL8ffPpuEv7zqML9x9GH9Lh/bXd+zBf795K/6ebuzLjxzH155KwNeePUdIJeDvHjuBv3rkKP7bI8fwTy8k4ptvZeFLLyXjbx8/hb97/CSheRr//DQjLbq4v3uYbu+u3fjv9+zB3z6wH//w8EH802OH8KXHD+ErTx7Ed54/ih+/fBzfe2YvvvnIZtyxNRmf5HbiHMFQzArHzAYcmkNNYBINgTF0Dk6YN7eFp2ZofmYwPjuLSWpqVrCbw/TsAmZmFzE9t2zmLfSNsVIcmEEZb35GzxguMM/ItR11LeOgBwZ6Bwzwlix310tXx9D0DMPUcwTjWbq6BOoUnd1xQu+oa5JOfRIHWVAPGE3x+wwOuekCXfM4wkr4mEtTRS3jJPd7mp9nCNdz/Qu44GL5oSFKcU3jIveR6ppAWlTjuEpjJjXuTv2V1BdPfZYGmfnDhMggXYkGuDcyw9x7OBlXM5N+46MEPJBcg6Odw6jj+spoZ90+PHAxAzfsPo5r3tyDn314DL/YnYSvfHwCX6ReZByktrq9zFy3V/bj+qw6XJdYhBvPp+JWhip/vTMV/8vmMnybBbdwftrUzE+3jOGH+y7gnuQcpDIj37s7FXcdysQNh9PwHQL3y7tP49nyXiTwBI6yIF5zKBG/Z4HO4LoC1julrbjlwFnsbHUjxTeBFp4rzY7pnqB2nWJe+AuZFfgOC8dNidn4oLYHqRqTyIKqth8VIsHjwugkXigpxS8O7MNPD+3Dbxi63ZZ0Hk+mZ7L2cBF4M7g4MI7rd+7FLdv30/EtGuAV0T18WFqPOw+fwfEWvwlJC5jGH/F8frHjKB5n4c7l/pMYUv1qz3n8bF8qPq7vJBBWkcf0/+3+MtywLx2ZhETt/CoqBiZwfnAZ1xzLw83n8oz7UVvhH5Ir8JPd57GHN1fhtTr4Pp9Zii+98haO9YUY5l0yEyMU8vpv33cGtx44j0Suc4HnsouW56H0atyZVIRbWVlds/sYvv3eVty08yheS8g0HapbesYxwMpBQ7Q0tlLjNWsYCl4cn8WH/X24s5LbluXjoaoyk+71vjkzMkSua7fXj5vSL+LWojw839WFVOYptQ0n9E7i/lM5+OXOBPxo2wlceygJfzyXi58dTcKP9ifg+cImZuQpvFLQiF/sO4Wrj57BL5PScHtSLh45k4tzzJxbmaa/4/U8kVFmQleWK1TQ5R6q68VdB07ho9omM166fYShK++5xiMrr3frqSNhJxCG+LdGFw2MLMFPh+J2hdHX5YGn240goRd2eTHsDWA0NIzhoWkzmkYD/rPr3Nh0ugCPfJKA3764Fz96fBu+/ch2XP2i8n8ivvPSWfzDY0fxhfsPMvzci393+078h9t34K8eOIgvPXUK33iW5eipY/i7O7fgP//uDfzdnz7GN588hB++dBpXv34B33/5DL7+DEH3+EH89f278Bc3f4D/729ex3+48X38j3t24h8fPoCvcvvvvXSO6ycRaAyBH92HL96/A/9wz2b84z2f4F/u34zvPb0Xv3jtGH752hFc+8oBXP30Vvzs2a147nguzrQOIof3qmRgwQzTrB+aRRPzWEtwGL1DowhOTGKE0cXkzBQBN83Ib4aQm+X3OX4n8Ai7aebLMRoiNQu0Ds6jjBDJYAiayIQ+Tfgcc6/gkBcGegcZXh0ywJvH8Z45hrwzOMOw9zzd1vleirA7xxrJiHA756G8szjPc7zA2irJP48UutBU/yLSA0vIpLKDy4yolpGntlSqcGAZxVQJ80cpVUajI5U7dJW6Z0jWi1tgZsjgMcxMxKEl3mBeYC8z6jG6qk0lPrxdGMIR0qPAt2I6pDKPoWF4AkmdLhytacfW3FpsLmzE5op2vFXchFdKmnAoNG/alhJYEN4mVV/oG8ZTnQG82OXCix3d+HZqPf7t0Xp842SucVZ68ro9PItXGzqxmfvNZGb9gAB7IjEfNxNiDyTm4c3qTpwmoHJ4DnIDH1Z3YQdrfXU/Ufh2yjOErfVtOMeaOW94Fi3M2LpOuVe96bwysIyjrQG8VdGK3S1eJJP+Gs8oKPp5nr2ERB1dbsHEDE65PfiorgYPXkzEH48fxDM5GTjY1Ym8UW5DW1/C2nBLaSV2lFajZGQOdQSWhmklugaxq7IVWbQScpjqi5jIGnRLZTOOd/nMyJKc8Xl8Ut6Ej+g2U5jhFH4mBaZx/9FsvHCxHAU8Z41QqeW2ebzWD6p6sbPJjSpWRqU8zx3NXnzMtE4LM8PxGjX07kSbBy9fzEU2nbncXbPWZbpsq2jBFjpmPZFTJ2Kl3aGuEF7PrcJ9JxLx4OkkHjMbm3PLcbqsCf3Dy3AxE2s6Lb1ER+GhKsaW6VUUTbCGHhzG1v5ebO3twVFfwDQ5tNL9dfB+1VDJ4VFsa23Hvu5+JIZGmZ7cnudSOcxauSOIVzJKcNuRs6w8irCpsRcf1nbhXd6Poz1DyOQ6x/n5XmkznkwtwgPns/B+WQuOd4ZNxZEUnMFW5oHDjLUFV7Vz1vL8MrxjOFjbjou+IbTyHjRoCBnD1s6pS+hmJaT5BeXw1SePdZWZvTk8uoIA3Y27fwB9nW64O/sR6HYh3OfBkELbgDofT5k3fOl9uBqU30DHm8tCnNAyjWNNMzjYwDxQNsx078UzF7rw+NkOPHiyBfccbcDdR+px77F6PHy6GY8mNOHGbVn46WvH8buPEnH33lz87sPz+NEL+/HjFw/ip68eM/rJK8dw9cvH8OOXjuL7zx3Cd54+gO89ewg/epHLXzqBn7x8Cte8eho/fy0BP3v1JK7huj994SB+/tJB3L4pEU8fL8Yr5yrwZmIV3kmuwnspVXj/YiU2ZdTgeE0fslkIyml963m/msYX0TIyjVber/ZgGK7BQQyMjTBcHcPs7ATm56aoacwRerOE3uzcImbIB5p8MwJDTQOtQwQKC1gm3VNS/yzOuBdxnDf7iI95jMA7xLQ63G8Db9a08Z1hjXq+h4DkZzKhl0LYpbpmkU7Hn+ldQLZ/CbkspwWEWjGBVspoqoKVfjWPVcuKp4EVVdPoMppZibXwOlpZkWnMcRvzqhHvbbvE+2zrKg0b0ewePmZGWX7NCtKnySQZp/tmZxDgRarzJh2jGfuqIVEa19jKG67wRePsppixGCkiTNFpoovrahyqeudrNEAJM7meyGrExEHufz+3UfuTujPs429/bA3j7zN78aO0CgM8059s9ZL5lJPJWryEzLkVFHC7ShV+7rOe+zbD1Vjoa5no9bwGHU+gqeZxqvhZwXVLFpbpuC6hnQmgEEZdUnxMlFaeey2/V3M7dbDt4jWqL6JmPmHeh17828qLq6OTqZtfRN2lSyi/xJB3dQEly/OoWmKouLpqClrbvMZv0tlNzqF0bBpNPHaflvP4NSxsOjcDHp5fE2vENn62KG2YY6oYqtbRRdcTnA1KM6aHQjG5kwauU0TXVsP9ycXU8/fq8RXU81w1pE6fTVSLrp3n3sp0ULrXs1BXaposLhdoBSK5zqoZXsMEQ+6pVbNeq85H5yJHRpUSYtkM30oDwwxdGcoGp1nQFzGiabWYXhpaqElTe7mfhsl5lExMI29iCuW8DnUB6eK+XDz/Roa2mkmneGiS18ffpjTt1CV4WNHQbJvZVzRRgNxeD2WGyXGZRuMIWnpY1qC047Jq3jO5bjk4pUkTvwum5p5zPc1uo3QR9HQNmjiiQ+ml3ycWUT3K9B2dQ8uYpslaNrM96wGdRl1ouNkIPwdHVwm8Kbj6BtDb7oarvR++rn6Eet0YZGg76AsjFJpg6MuQndfQqHcm9M0jk44llReRyJt9rvcSktysfANAOu28RonYusgoJJEXcIax/qnueVzwrponyhe8SzjZPYHTLOxn++l6uqZwrHUMpzrkehZxkdtkcvscrpvH8ibpezr3py5DZ7uWcZoXer5nCel0UgX8TR2HC0IsL/0zPD9Ntz6OfM8USljIa8cIN+bvKsKimJm8mgBvmb7EtNGUamNoYvje4vGiN+BDcCiEiclhLMyNY2l+EovzFvSiwFtYxRTTf5TprPRsZeVYHphHFh1TsnseZz0MN32XcJTneoTndti9iiME3lGm23GGsQLeWYLuAoGXTMefSleYQVBmc9s87yKKfARcQKE273WY+Y3hZjMrGzn2rrFllk+9uIn3Y4piWK2ZxTXJBTkJbm6mf9ODVzMDD/ODrauGuZLCPAFPlp9pbmbodU/Pwz89zRBXg82t9jw6VOP21D1BU0oJDBpuwnAedLdmRlv129JUP3383kVp7KbabUxI6wnjuZJ6PFZch0crmvFgaS3uKarAtax1rs5ijVjda4CnoVIKj1TIVVgrCbyKxVW6nBVTqHUOmiJJoVM3j9HJ89fLn/WkThldg9lVSLStIKJwtpvnG6LGWOA09U0Xr1Wzg3RyP3JzcnZmzKAKAH9XwdRbzntYuNX/rFPXsUCrPDWN6tl5QmsVvVwmx6JZW5TQ3YRZPaHRzetXmx3vM3p0DG6v2Vo6mEk6CDY9PJHaWam0zcyZ2Ua0vgCg4+iazLb8rON5aJSDwKr99PIYzDdm5pBu3hfdWE3dpaejajvTZApdvH49iOrg9WifLBcmDVguzDqdlOCh3+RmdV+7mL71U7MMC8dRPzyJTkKib2gOYRaSIdaew6w9VVloyqXADAE2Nc9rmeP9mEfv4rKZKEFDD/XZNakXLk+yYlxEN89P7wqhycYQr2WABVID+BUZsCxbzQc8fiuX6T7SAKCb6+vetPGcVWOzjJjzVJqoIlGla8Yi81iaTKGJvwt2rdxPO6+xn/dEXZAaJxbMDD71lCovvVxe91Tt1RpTq3Ma1f0m8Py0fK6+MLoJvD4CzyOX1+PCAIE3QOAF6b79LCxupoemamqlKgbp8ligs+licviZw5uYx4tSu1i5Qn+eez2PVUdp/LSWFRNaJfwsY1qUqAli5FJUhYMryGdIVjiwavZRyv2XM6GquV4dt6+lqrldBR2mfs9jouSwwBUSDBXcbx3PSX1qG/lZRzjUMYSrY4XVQBjpFYaapYW8Rf0I9++ZNCplbF/UE0Z+qwt5De0oqm9GXUcH+rwujIwNYGFhAsuLU1hcmMb8fCSsZUg7RYc3wX0pYuJuDPAqgnRlnlmkEFrnvIQ7C+kxpstRps9RQv4YiXPCtYhTLo2H14t6ZhlZaf48y9VleeZ5PYvI97HC9K+gNMjrIrxrBliuBlcJvBW0jSyjk8DTPJH9ZkagRQJviQZthcbskjXjOM+pT3kpIkbQUV1FIxADvO4I8DzEd2Ba7xiYofPR6/qYCfmb3J3mrHPxIjWJ4fDUomm4HNHElMzgbXpiM77AzCrXQ+vJE1L3E435/KSmFTdsP4Kfb9qPn28/iu+8uw1fff1j/HjXGdyR3oCdvaNmUgKBThlbXUkETxXcJjqK1jHChFWK3iomV6oe9AKN3iuh99b20f3ISfTyWlRwTMHn926ep4uZTO+yGGPm0fssWMkQQEzA5SUCbYW1gjWRouZMUyFQuGOGI3H/rHgYFmlKKr1FfRS1/Oyia1GNorZOuR69E0KTk2oSUz0cYV61IKbp2peolUvoIiDaRicIBBau+QXzEp9+uscg3awNAF2vaiUPIaKZVjQHnDJpL5dr6ne9V0RvOFMt5mMto2mevHSYpkZjGssJ6ca2sfYx161tldF57+Ss5MK1jgDKfIhh7stPh9k1NYOG8QlUjYyhbmTSpHUfr0fXpYb9QbpGvaR5nNetF+oMTM/x2LOsKGYRWlzgfpaY+TU5rPVWO72UXRlP16I+jwp9xrifERZGvVxb+U7NJ+3MuG1jS9A7ZXvoql28Nxr0T9NjQsc2AqBrSBPUcjnXV6Sh9IiGKbw3GgUi12xGg/CYmo3GpAHPo4Gwa+a1aCJUvddDU9mba+K2McCjm+3rG0RXhwc9HS70d7ng7XEj4PIi6KfDC0/Ax5jeNaICZqVrRXARSS1hXGgeQErbEBVGatsAsruHUeSeQGWQ7nKQUcIQwcvMVTWgN/DPoCw0zcI8hVJ98kTKWdNWDS+ilvesjmCqJZCqGbpVhhZQQddUyQSsZjhXQyDWDDEf8jd1HxFg5Kq0Xs0Atw8zRKUawgt0bBQzcGNoFg3BOdQH51HP/dQGl1DCUC6rbRipjQNIrPHhTEknTuXV4WRmKc5kFiKnvApNnR10eUHME3bLK7NYXKKzI/AmZ6R5TDBvjhEwmpjBrWhoyAJeLjNZKsEl93rat4oTBN5xifA7yb9Pe1dwlu7tApXCkDWNyoi0yWVR5tWMVD5VGFxBMVVGR11prn+Z8F4ys3e30bHrnnaROapgpU7mpfYJvaZzmQxSmLuCZqrJSKH7aizwTEjLDKGM7tass5MzdEMz0OsQ+1h4NJWU5uiygadpdgaJefXADoxrmI46K84Yi9zGsLhtngnBjNjIwqowVH3RKvl5xj2GTRUd2Nngwin3uOneUcRz0FAmhWY9PCfNbKIHKEEey8cT1usHNbW7gEQThXECdoTucogJP8CL1dRM3pEFeBh2aKZX0yYZuSbVQAEWmEFSRe+0kNPTS6E7eAObFyfQvjBF8MyZt2mZgsn9G0fC72FK+9IkiW1DS8xEdDaszRTOKySiiTDrm1BYUCGgBBWuDl6W9c4MAs27RLBOEiSDLFSjYyzshAWBp3ZSbmbeHcJybebPC9JtDRDCAb1TQ+N/ea56zaGfUAlxm/DiEgb5+yAd56D2wU8/oSq3KZjJ7WnWlV5K7ZUufrr4KWfFCMY4JYWAntVFTDKkHiWI/XoZzsoK04KVFY/TPmeBVgVb7XZ68fUIM9kkE2hiYhbjdP+j89TyNMYXWQhY86tD6rjpjU/wMW0EOlbSYD4170xlBIwJnodmqRb0FCFoXKvee6J5AAP8jUbKVEi6735WUF7eMyN+V5oLkqZiprr4XU0RcoZqN9RnJ/+W89Xcgx3MM63Ml5pFu1uOgMDTC9ij7XdcXyGtXKyPwOvtH0Rnp5fQc6G3i6Etgac+eQGG+QN0vX6etJt5XPlBTiKr1YvtyUXYkpiPXanF2J1WhH1phTiQXojDBMexrEKcyLZ0nDqWXYSj1GHqUHYxDueU4mh+JU4x4jnHiCelrhMZzf3IafMgr8OHgs4AirpDKOkNo5TnVtY/hDJXRHofRz+X05WWMhQv6x1AaQ/X7QqilCrr5GdHEMWtfuQ1epFR40ZyRT/OlfTiVEEPjuZ28xy6sD+D5TCxBltPF2DT0YvYdjQRCWm5KKtvgDvkx+zSNJYuzWNheQ4z87rvMxhjZTdKIzPMym+AlaCLoFZH7EpCNY/AS6cTSCTwzjD0OOm/hBOs+U9Sp6mzwUu4wDA1ZYDhPl1qJpVldAnZdLbZIb2GccU8kMghAHOpAlYsRQR6KWFeScdaw8qhjmVd7x5upnNvUkhOI1Sv9nMWyhpmvqrwLCpZmVSoQmElY+sqFWi7DU9Pa+WQ+klIvRBGk1D6x2dYaBiasObRFEjNVAczZr8yJDPQADOUn9Vk3/A0OgenWKCnzay7bcz0astTG1IXC5n99FOuR2MzCX10ULL6JayhSkilJtpw9ezXjMJeHsM3zNqYpSVIwGjO/TGeH8siE56Fhu5xlC5UQ10GScAQQ7AACeVjgvhGmam5X4Uukul+wP0JeGFaYz8Lbt80a/7ZUVTPhdEwN8zCMgkP4SGXJzDY0iwb2l5tN5r9V094PZSgqRCPZdzMpqvGb02gqtk4eDnmCbdcHu8r/ASJa44ug/ayORxG+/AIK5ApAozHo/NjUoKnayYMDRNk0iBD5oEFTdxJp00gBQjI4Nw8l3EbOqohfg4vzBPKBB4B6OE2CmfNnH28Bo2M6OX1upmZPIS8T+fL8+RtMe65EksMtwkrWq4xuruBFR6LyxXmql1NobXCcN1DvajIRwc9NELYDRNutGqTU5OE/STGl/U5gYmZSUxOaPaMWUzwIKo49E4UdfAW8NR0ovs3wYsd47kMMx+F+al0NPeGy4cptRUaF8jf9ckI26wX5N8+ys18qKesfUxn8/4QXlO3xHPUd70LpEeumOfQzYpQL43qNbBTJR7pe8ftosDjNgMCLt1WD0HS3uVFR6cb3d1u9PYSenR4gdAQo4MpVpoC3jTz1DL3uUhnVIfntx/CU5v34sWdh/DK7sN4bc8hvLpzH17atgsvbNqK5z7ehOc+2oRnP9qMZz/egmc/2U7twLObduG5Ldxu+0G8vvc43jtyDpsTUrE7KQeHMktwMr8a58sakVLdjtTaTqTXrymjoQuZjV3IarI+Mxq4vLYDqdVtSKloRXJ5C5JKW5BY3IxzBU04nlWHfclV2HqmDB8eL8b7x8vxwckafHi6wejtI6U873S8vC0Bb2w/jn1nUpFTWYOegA8zy3R3/D+/wjB2gaBTVxVWksM0RINM1wCdeR9dVwthVEXgFfjmkOmbR7JvEecYlp5muH1KneKZuc6y4J9ngUhmnkxlntQMQ9l0Bdn8zOLfmSwwmQRfBh1dOoGXHtAT2QW6v3kCkDANzaOQwCqhay6ja65kpqqiKllQK2g1ywYYgQUZogcmeB7jyGctmsfCmusZieoqhWN0vAZ4en+BGnUVmumVf17W1j5aKhcpqs6aHSzoZiZcZTza2AAzkXkxMi2Om1VlLwtDF61RJ9dXhutjwVc7m9qN1O4m0KlgM/+aacHlRjQZgR4otBNoerKiGY011E0zvWquvhaekxxlB2kg91PrH6fLmmCGoyMh7PTKyIBm9mUMr9cYamaH7lFNlc0Qiduahkten0IlQcurtgwW3HqGlpUz4yhnga1doStdXmDozOtkIdGrEdVFx8/jy3kIvnKNchhmP1yu39TOJ5CY6d4JBh2ng8evJvkK3ayBQ2OoZmVQMTTB0GUUNSN6m9o8mkjIJhaerlkei1Ap9wTQwpLO+84QeNmol6Bzke7eRboS/u1m6OteoPjZN8XCOcYQiyAME4yCXQfXaeJ3PcRp5D2VS+4VoJnRPLwGheaacl6hr5oYisB1F+fQz/C1Q4O/p2ZRHh40FZQttZG10Ulruni9bHyIFd8o7/HQ6CRCkxMENs+B6edfmqLznGZ4Y71lbIDXqCnqdUzmXbByNu9ZUKXATQ3YBpluA8xDIcoGntr49Juk95UIdlrGaNKAUROjeplPvASexsUqv8rxqbnFRevqUtMGpTfF9TP/qVFbUnit11x6CTw/87fpjiLg8b7pQYxeZOPhwm7XINoEPLq77l4P+uju3F6/me5dLxPysfLvYy2n94poPsGzVS146cBpPLPnBF46dNboReq5/Ql4msue2HkMj24/jEe2SUf4/Sge3XEcj+04gcd2nsTju07jyd1n8PS+83juQBJeOnwRrx1Lx9unc/DB+SJsTinH9oxq7MqqxZ6cOuzNrce+vHocKGjEoaImHCHQjpQ0m+9apt93Z9diJ9ffkVmDbek12JJWg08u1uLDpFq8e6EOb52rwxtnG/H62Ra8drYVr55uxktHK/DC/hw8vysJr+09h72EbnZNE7pDIUwTdAtYxtzKIqbm5d5neH9mef/maTJoiui2egigFnVvIZSK/YST6T6yhAsMS8/Q4icQeGdCl6LAS2ThTxH0CLh0gi6dn3J7qYRdKmvIiyGGuyzsKepbStilUuncdyaBl8NwNI8qYIYqGpxDMd1cMWuvIsKugLDTPJS5rBmzGRJkEXCZ7mGjjIiuMm1hAh5vvF5K42Jhd5nOucokgh7BwoyuwdY9DBe7CZJ+WliFmSECL8x1BgjHAMMGL6t1vVZRL4N2McOpEVGzbci1SQpveH3mU3/r3Qt6s1YbP007HZdVUmYSUGbybBYU9cwv4j4KmGjqXrG5ogUnu30o5XnV01a30uX1LPCcBdaII2ngOVUwJ6vgq3HeNIpzn2q0VRhUGZ5GhieEDIaWeQzr1FFZU1zVzVntdC2jeocsCz1B0aM5wfipAqae+loux9PHwiJINw4TlPzey3PT/HZlhO3JFg8+ya/F3rpenCctz7pGkMCwJI/7VUdtPWUsYzrV0Cm0cJttWQU429hhKoRmnkMzw9caFi596sFPF7fRNXQwbG2dX0Yd3UZVaATtk/NmyvcOQr2S8Myla82gSucvmW26mYZdTDeBQe11epJaxHuTQzAqXQsJygravlwPz80/iP1l1WaePbXvqf1UT131EvN+ViiKBAZ5T0Nc36OZkqen0DI/ifqlSTSzwuhc0cML3vtZvX7Tehtd3xxDbV6f3qOhd2cImpqBeIB5LMjoIMA8pBfq6DPIimKAMApT+tS7QowIqRA/9XtAErS4vdrhVCmZionyEXg+wk4vRdfL0b1qY+X5qjlG8jFP+7mtmmFYNgzw1CShrjZBdURmJdXlCqO1y4N2ursewk7z4nkCIfiHRnhsujvek246WD0g04OV5DYv3ksqwOvn8/FmSileTSrFixdK8ey5Ujx1thSPJZTikdOleDgifZcePWXpsVMleOxkCR49UYRHjhXi4SP5ePhwPh45UoDHjxXhyRMleOZUGZ5PqMCLZ6vwyvlqvEZwvZlSj3fSGvFeRjPez2rBe5nNeDu9EW+k1uPVi3V4OaUWL1EvJtfihZQ6vJTWjFczO/F6Tj/eyPPitRwvXsr04PmL/aYLzdNnGvHcyXK8dDwf75yiw8ypQH5LF/P+MKZWlzCPFcyuLGFSwGOFNjTOSk0RFS2ym+DppmtqIYxqCKVSOTHWrBkEVjJru/MMUc8aCXiXcI46T12gkqhko1UkEQpJDGWT6OwSuW0iYZfEGjOJsEumLhJSaVQGgZUVmmX4y3zLcDXPaBq5vH85hF02DVEWgZdJZRB66YSelBbRVYKdhloJeGqrkbtxyykxw3gM9JYM8OTy+hkj9/Mi9VLsAJcN8Pchrme981NtaQyLKM2dFeAyZXIf3YEeegRmGf4STAz1+alliwwzWFBYeM1TRxa0o60u3HP8In6x9Ti+/eFhfGnHafz1rgT84nA2Hjhegi20mDeczcABJvZFZrgyblOjQsnCqY7CkumCwcJeQiekJ736W+1VakM03S8IiCwmztaKJjyWkolbEs7jdweP4fZDJ/FRUTVyQizEhJoavvX0VU8YWeGA98Q0/gua6nqh8LyJYKmeWUYj/1ZnaT1wSScEt9S78FgSM3JKBZ7ObsT954tx39kCbGsJmD6CclglPO9iHqOCQHj82Dlm1jzTxlnL42hG46KpRTOZqR7gtFCakUbf1YWjiulZqQZa7kMhrPr3ZU7OYUd3H16qqEI201ndczQVfTtPXE+q1HyQRuC+XdOMm88k4QfbduP6/cfw8IVM7GSItK++C8+fvWi6wCjNFN6q2aGHTlNT4zNJ6NK4r6FJus8ltDJMr7hEeK6ytqUHqKQLUDqrghEwO1ZZUazyvnNb3zyBMrNgHrjo/cb2O4f1kEuD9/Wpl3n7mG/0QnHzovHI55oISCO5TculMa9bD5ck/U2FzG9cR+txfSPCTkPIpFAc4Cksc/G+d7oG0NpN4PUQeG4fXP4AfANh+Fkx+gi8Phb0dkY85iky0ynNNYatxa34sKAN7xf34PWCHjyX040ns3rxSJYLD2S4cU+GF/ekW7o33YN701y4O7kHfzrfjttPN+K2E3W442Q97uT3e8404366rvvOtOCeU42463g97jpWh/v4/ZFzbXgiqRPPXOzBCxl9eDnbjdcIr9fzfXglz4MXclx4hsd9IqMbT2T14ImcPjyZ78LTRV48WxrE8+VDeLFqDC9VTfD7GJ4qHMJjOUE8wnN64mI3nkuh4yMcP86owcmKNhT3+GhyJjDJ+zjHaGB2eZnAWzDAGyT0Q7THPiZ+f4hlmCFOC0FSR9hVhBZQyHAne2AZacw4SXRsF6hzzIfnCLRzzBBnJf8yQ169m2RpTawdbZ0n7KQLhF0i95vE/afwOBeptOAMHd8MoTqNzOAUNYmMgDSBdAJPSiPwpFTf6JoIwKsEO9P5mDfegh7DBspjoGeBz83M6DZhK+388BT8DF+DtLRhAY/rDrNWXdMqBpnhBkxGE/yWEJqiQ2AmH5jWQGSGYdNzzKSzzOQT6BkdZWi3gGZmoDxue5gweoHA+D1t+Y8LmvD1ohYzzdLzRT483zKE/7rtELYww2lYlfr2ZfK7ZmJR1xfBRJ2W1XdPw9O0XO5N0tAqgUbrHe4K4KFzmfjDsQu46XwGniiqxeYOLw7ShSXQ9maz1tI04+oWooIvd6SnpHpBTB1dmelTx2WVhFARvxfwM5O/JzEdT9D9PlvSjt8cy8RTFS7spzvcxLj69aZB7GYtpjHEOi91v8kk0JIZpv1+53HcdvAskuh2NOWT9pfKdJXD1bqSrknXV0UJ9KX8TXCq4vXn8LinGDo/WlyGHx84gPN0VpoB2XTtYJysrjoV/PuDph5ce/wMfnvuIh7Iq8TjZU14sqwZ+5lpXsiuwO+37Ecx11VHZ/speR9doNpd1R6p103Wh+nseFw5Yk2ycHhuCqeWGXLwu2YwVlornQXnzkur6JzVayln0EX1MATvm9PL3CmGvf10qP0TdIXSpJooCEV1M3BKT6UZHguUfh4/yDwSYj4T6Ay0bBFi0iDTTdJLtyXlwwHzablF4yJ5b7WtHqzoM6CpogQ8N4HX40FHnxu9dHd6D61vaBD+sTECehp6TaR5CMI0Vx/L7PAiDrYMYHtDGB83jOCN6mE8WzaMR0vHcX/JNO4qmcPtxYu4rYgqnMftBfw7bwq3ZAzjj0l+3HCmF7892YE/JHTj1gtu3JUawH0Zg7gnNYQ/JXpx65k+3Hy6G7ef7cM9SV48mBbEY9mDeCp/BM8VjePF0km8VMZ7VzaBZ0pG8XjREB4pGsSjJUN4vGIUT9ZM4Kn6aTzdOIdnmhbwbPMSnm1awpN183ikYgoPFo/iwfwwHs/z4yXC8d3CHuws78aFFi8qfMOMaGYxyXs4R80IeHOLBB7LL11+kInuYc3RG5hGB222gFdPl1dtHi4sIT+8jKzBFYatq0gOryCR8LtA93aeYe45hrtnvYs4w/DvDEO9M56IvPM461vg75SAFyTwCDsbeMmEXQpBd5GgS6XSmG/TCLp0I8LuM8gAz0CPN94ODdagZ7k9D4Hn4Y32slD5RqYQ4GeIf8vRKXMpw6ktxLQeXSC8AAB1e0lEQVSJUEPMkGvQI+gIvEECb5DACxN4gwZ6s/BPTNI5jtNJrZg2owpue5bV9dudAdzb2IcvJ+bhlr4RvEZg7KWler59BH9z4gJ+k1+F29NK8VB+NV5p6MRRwlgTXyawYHzQ0Ys/JV3ELw8exlNlZTg2M4MkhnB5hIQZ+kS9kluJu+hsdvvHkEgonOdxj/C4Z+iAkgmdc0zMnbXdeP1iEZ5PyMDryYXYWdmOHIY+yVxve2MvNjf14kMC5PazqcygBdjBxDxBJ/Vqqx+3ppXjO7vO4E95TdhE4LzSNYbbcxpxiudwhsd/ptqN21Mq8XKdF4/lt+CX+5Nx7b5EnGIabqPNfrmmDzclZOONRrfRaZ6fQtBHcmtwdwrDn4wKOoIsPJ9di7PDK9jeN4SfHz6NHxw5ju8dO8YMX463S+uQy+uQS2snoNJHF1ijF+O2rFy8RRcjQJmp4SlVEs+U1OPazfut91mwMCe4w3ghKQOvpeXio/wKHFM/reFFVBOcbxc34J6UXNyakY/7ahrx4egEDjGNN4fCeKmGIVVeEd7OyMNHOQU4UFOPVAKkJDSERrqDbr3YfJEVKcN1FwHnomty0zV5FJ7zb59xgQLcErx6+RDlm3XCjvlK+YtpFc13EdhFocd8a8mCXhR+kXBZYbUNPIFTwHMNTKKLoX1brxcd/R70eOnwCDzvYJj5fpSV/hSBNwPzEnneZ/U+KBpZwZm+CextGcaHtYN4rXKQwBvBIwTevQTen0rmcWvxEm7Mn8cfsqfx+/Rx/OHiMG5JHcad6SO4P3MMj2SP4eEsgocQvD9tEPemhnFf+iAeyBzGQ9mjeDh3HA9ma91BPJQ1hEdzR/A4gfdk4SieKR7Hc6UTeLFCeWYWr9Yv4LXGRZaJebxYN4vnWGs/Q0f3VNUkNYWnqmfwJPVY5TQeKZ/Ew9z20ZIxOsAhvFkRwuZqPw43+JDWE0btwDgrmjmGtHR4l1Yws8SQVsBjRRVmeQvQHrtZFnoIuw4CpJWwa1TXGD2tHVpGydAK8odXkU1lDK0iTfAj9FIYLiUHlpBEF5dI6CV6F6JKIuySCLtkwi6FsEuhW7w4sMDt5ukWGdIyjNV7WzJo76VMmqMsVlTZEu9fzsAUclmbGQ1OI88WM0UeM4t0lRrcJas9RG0jagNxQm/VagfRU1tmTv/YDMNZEp5/hxhqDHAdU9tyHwoRDPAoTaM+QOiFCL0wQ1u9UHmItfQga+0hgm9wep4wpC2e5P6YeeQi1BbFSguHuYP3J+bwnfPpZgYPFU5NVPBy1zC+mpaDX6UX4yXWRLck5uPHx8+z9urBIR7vufpO/PTgKTqYVDxa1YjHaptYu7Vim38IGSz02oe6yDyQkIa70nPNhAaZPHfbQangy4FtbvPitmPJuJV64EIefr//HH6+5Sj2EUZbe0bxy30XcP3RdLzaEsJtGdX4zu4zeLC800y5dHdJC35xJgv/su0Ibi2oxYeExOPNHlxzJtvMX6epmW7MbMC9pX14oX0CX9uWiKsP5+LqI7nYz4J0R2477mV4dGNaHZ6o8+Pr2xJYK4fMpAnf25+Im9IJ+fYwbrtYgWv2nGcm92APXeIfsorwE4L+2wkJLGzlOK3+Z9xGzkwjPRK8w7jrfAre6OzG/pFJ4zAFfzlGubKXWntx/YEEXBhkKML792BqMX6waT+eKW/BLedy8JtDyXi73mfA+zqv+2PW4jfk1OCLBwj2um58zHxwGyH7T1t247aTF7G1pBXPXsjG7YdP4N2CUqS4Q+ZFQuo8rY7O6uit0Nat10QyPwUIvCDzRoiACxFwerWkmkFsBWeZl2aZp3ifld+iDs+GnC25t7jAk7Pj9vqMBzwWkm7vINr7fQxtvQZ4/YEAC/UAo5phnucEQ9ppdOkaeC7qKF05vsrwaRaHWgfxfpkLrxZ78FxxCI8W0qXlD+OOggnckj+NP2SM4TeJA7jutAe/Pt6HW8768VDaCF6g43uLtcurhXN4OnMUDyQG8Kcz/bgn0UcIDrMSmsELVUt4rGAcd6f6GBJzu+wQwRekAoRlAI/nBvFcyTBeq57Cu02L+Kh1Fe81LOD1ignuP8zw2ovHMymz7gAeL2AoW0RoFo/hibJJPEun91r1BD6uH8Xe5iGc6Rg0TzabhyeZ7nOYXl3CHDWztEjgWb0iwmPzCKgTNiOhHjqvTsKpjbBrNv3kVlAzsooKqmR0FYWjl5DP77kEXw7Bl023l8VwN5NuT33vMgg+o8Ail1nKYkicxf1lhxeQMyjNE2BzBNkc8sKz1Awd5DQ1hQKqkDe9iJmghLVf6cgsykbnUE4ol/M8K2jMKsYXorrK9HWTdOOZmQLMuH6CSg2/VuMvP9WGMrlo3gYfIIiCypz8O8jlai8xmZD7MCECM4LJSJSWW+EHMx8z6xAzyrA0R82vYmieMJxbMd041JFW/asaGRIe9g/iJZ8XPz2biP10XEWElNqgnm904W8TzuId0l2A2jtyCd8/l46b6E40y/J1F3LxL5sP4v6qdjzXHcR9te34XVYxDvLaMuXwVlm46bjuP52KH9MBZrDgCQoKwRQaCwJm8srzWfjjuSzsY4aWI9vEE/z6tlN4mQ7zmaYwvrTlLMOVfuzkte7lca85V45rkyuxmcd5jTb52pQCfP9kEl70EAxMqz8WlON7J5PNVPC3lnbgl6k1eIfg+4iF89ayEK4+14CrzzdgO2HwtYMFuKXEh0dap/CiexV/zO/GnVV+M2vwl/an4uoLZWY/CdT1SeX45dkCvBOex0MdbnzzfDK+euYMPqLjOkNIyNHq4UXZxCouhMZww/5DeL+7G5909uI4C3c5z7dDacL1Hqxrwi8YViczBE+YAH50IBm/TC7F68ykvy9sx5f3XcQtBV3YxWt+pGkUH/PzeoL5n0/m4dtJZdjE9P1DTTf+bt9pvFzVb4bInWNY84eEZDyZXQyWbdTy+vRgSm1gepjlnWK4ymghMDZL5zVPCC1hiPlhkPlDGphj/oloQLAzecqSgR7zS4yYnpYsuDnd3doya90Y4DGPuUnLXv8ww1q9ucyHHoa0fT4/+unyNLbUNTKK/vEp9DKk6+J5t7Eib2CIXDK8hOOtIbyT387IoYuQ8eCxPMKJgPlTziBupTv7fXII15/qx7UH2/CLnfW4flcDbtzTjDsPtOG+Qx24c28zbtpRi+s3l+MXHxfj2i2luG53Na7bX4sbjjUzzA3gWTqy+zN8+N3xBtxwtAa/O1aDG45U4XdHKnDjsWrcfqIOd59uxH0JTbibv92+rxQ3bc/DHzdn4+YdhfjTwWrcd7oNj6S48ASB+XThCJ4vJ+xq5xipzGF3+wxOdE+Z2UXK6Zw6x2cwMD+HmZUFzFGzSwumDW9UURrBERhZYJotoIdw6hxYQjvvdStdXTPh1kDI1Y5dQhUr4nKqjN9LuayEvxUTfEUMc4sIPg32L9Sgf6Ml/k2xIi2iSywaXETxEEXDUDK8QMc4T82hlGaolE6tzGga5VQlQVfFCr6GkKvTw0yyqYGVaSMNVhPLQbNDVykTqeYUmIJGq4TeqoFeVLy5foalAd7oIKVP9aYP0LlpXW0ncGpfhLDpyGzt15K+C4Tq16b+WEwrjDLzjxEWIxQrCbgmluEh7Lp4oUd6XHiymTebhXdPu4eJZT0FfbWhG//94AE6mhXQ8ZvZQn5f3ojrGdoe4ffvHU7Gl3ecwE35dfjKvjP41vFk/ITg0lRKal/SrCFF/fN4KjkP//D++zil8YM8dimBcJQh3Hlep9qlvrvtEO7iPjXV/EFKgPn+yVw83TVJiIZY+LPwEZ3o+4TDB4TDl/dn49vH8sw8eZo+6ve5FfhddiEO8fuOhQX87EISfnDqgvldsw5fn9Nk5vXTBJ6bCPqfpHTi2qx+7OXff7UtA186VIyvHinF3+7IwD/vz4XelbGN1/+zjGZcm9NqzkfH+cGpPPzT9gS8M7aKbfz7mxcu4kunE0zbpmZTNu5NtSwzSwah8vNPtuCN2jocCwwYyMttVflmjaO7tbQM1xw8Y16DeILX9rW9yfhuYjl+lNeGL12oxN8fK8D1JV68FAa+crwM30lq4LHK8bOCXvztoWzjxO9mePddhvOvMI3yuV4eYXpPUS0eya80D1skzbDTzvziJsS8zJg+0zwySze2wPBUk8+uYmT+kskndsdv5SmTr5SXuL0RoaUHF7Y0GiRWlptT290a7Ciuux54QeU9FqC+4AhdXgjdHj9F6NHl9fkJvdAA+oeG4dILpydmGdrOoZ3OoZ15X+OWz7YF8V5WPV7NaMJLOd14PKuXYWk/7iKgbs8I4sYLHvz2eCeu29uAX2yuwM/fL8TP38jGz15Ow8+eS8bVz1zAD545h+88cxbffO4svvbCWXzlpXP4ymsX8JU3E/FPr53FF185jW99kIKf7sijcvDjLen44Scp+P6H3Pa9c/jRO2dx9dtn8NM3EvCTl4/j6ucOm7eb/fTpg/j1q2dw0ydZuPdAFR4/14ln0314kU7vdbo7ucHtbYs42rOIJNZCBSyMDXo4OTWH4YU5zK7MYZ6aXZrHFIE3NrOIQd63AAuwm6FrD0HXRXh1smJspwFRX13zwnCWiwbmI3tInCYariH4qgm+aq5XRfBVEXyaXbmK4a6lZVRxn9WsRKpHLNWMLlIaIriA2tF51PLcauni6oxmUM/808i83cx70sI81MZKs4PRQSfNVPfCKnoWL5nhnRpWKRF4kdpT0Iq0kRjoRcBnSWCTGGaQnPrUE9i1p7B0hsw8corq5mJ3dbHDZQO9SKY1HXsJPIIbvC4MUUEuU+jsm7iEflIw2RfEx30d+PWuHTjQ2EF7vGBGB7zFMPVvN32CBJ6T5t/X08tHGztxzalkHOP+fn0yFd/cdABvdodwnHDZw8z8jnvIODc1+GvcbG3wEl5PK8E33v8I27jveq4j55HJfW5rc+FAcBzX7D6K35xKwSaWqn08582k8k9PZGAnb9zzrUP47t4U7GGh2cWCtZ/X9qVPTuNfPjqG/dyX2hJvIlB/x7Bak3ueWFzFL48zEx48aSb8vDmdruxMnmnbe61/Ac92TONL21Nw7YVa7OV5fPdwHq6/2ICtPNZeXpPA9pZ/Bdu5768TQncUd2I/l+vtbndmN+A720+b90LI8X33xDl8cedeM4HnubFF0yaqFzRr/GX++BLuOnoad585jz0dveZpqsJdPXku5fq3Z+Xh+x/vMe/e3dU/jevPFeIPuY3Ywt92cb2t/NTDoruqAvj+qRI8y3N/vHsa16Y34gsfHTewvrvBS6CnYo97njWz1Ub4UE45bjp81twrSZMddDNNNSTQx7zkY2YNMrOG1dTBjDpMEAp2kvKKDTwDOyrE8w0y7W2pU7gUdIgGhbKBt6aoE+Q+1gPPS5fgGhijywsTdEHKT1mhbS9D276BMPqH6fLGJtFL99M1znCO0YrG+6Z2D2JLfjPeymzCy5nteDK9Ew+m9eJeAu/urAHcmR7Cn5L9+NN5D+441YtbDrbiDztq8NsPi3Hd2zn41dvZ+OW7ufjlh/n45SeFdHhF+Pm2Yvx8Rwl+tqsEP9lRgB9ty8XV23Nxza48/Hx3Hq7dk4fr9uXjN/sL8LsDBfgjP2/ZX4g7DhThnoPFePBwKR47WoFnTtTghbPNeCWlG29m+/AOw+23S0bxdtk43q6cxPs109jZotlLFpDpX6JbWjYjVPyzCxhfFOxmsLgyi3kCb5qV9/gsXTgjO428cRNaPYOX0D3ESIL5rIvGpJOw0zhu9a3VbCXqV6u+tJqcVf1rNVKrieBrIvSahimC0oihsNTMstasGVColrElwlNaNMNVLc2jzWjOqJ15p8O47nl0zyygd3bRdIfqn1d/1hW41F7s0FVhAksacMgJvij8jAg9Sg3IAp3kJezU/0kdl/W0V1NpR6W/KQM+/i0QGvfHTGzETK9wNsDvmpJK27sJntKRcSQOD9COf4JTLW20q1bj+/a6RtZu25DG8EcziQiC2/r9uOHQSSQwbn+5qAZ/PHAKj6TlY3OXB2/Wt+OlsjqcCk6YrhJ64trDRN9f3obbCaA79x7Hi6fT8FpKPt4vrsMdBxOwqbEbD6fk4leE3pN0JvtZQl6t68Rt5zLNk9+9gWncdCINx1lTneLNS+D+fvjBfnz3nZ04SYLLST6UmIu7Tl00089n8PruSUjFbccSTQj9UasPt57OxIsVnXgoqxb3plXia+/uxW2JJTjH3x8vasX3txzHA9l1eL6yG5v6x7GPNd8xHucnO07h7RY/dnomkci0+qjRh3tO55iJGRSK30Dw/2DHAezuD+OCbxK1PD8NMdNwq3JWJpvohv+45xCeTsrAgfounKrtwdHCZiR7x/BUTjF+9cleZHObXXQsr1d34ZbzudhDh/hu/yieqOrBHu7rwUKe366zuJ+fH/Km/Ynn+e1tJ3GEmfrJyg5ce+i8eZdvQWgVdXR4b+RX4eat+83gfs3QopeXu3TPef/8DDHUuT0wuUCXtoQw/x4k8AQ6Azs7v1Cm6UVwojQ0TP3wNKpFbyLT7DfqCC5phI0mhwgScILeGvi4H25jA89Aj/vUZ2hymU5zFu7wOEPYIfT6QhbwPF46PQ96fIReMIS+8BD6hsfQPzqFPhY0uVSN7sh3j+FgRTc+pPt+Ja0FT6W2Mw/24qFMPx7MG8bD+eN4rGASTxZO4+mCKTyWOYQHLnhx1wnmq4NNuO1QM24/2oo/nezEXWd7cPeFPtyd1I97Uty4+6ILdyR246aEFhPG/uZQOX53tBI3n67FXRea8CCP9VhmF57J6cWL+S68UezDR1WD2Nk4iUMdCzjZu4oTfZfo4C7hYNcq9rYvs6Kfx8e103ivYhzvlY9iV8MEznTPIj/IEJD5xEWQDy4sYnp5jrCbxhKht7A8j9nFRUwQJMMso0Gu51bkxYqtW+J3Taqg8qUO/xr5YkbA8N7p0wwD5HKNAOpiBdxF6HWxDHUxzI2KEZ7mK+wmTLvHNUEARfhKvXSVvYws+4z0lH8B/dPzRq4ZiSE2Ie2ZWzTyzktLRj6HrhoktGzoGfFiByJSqBuMyMyATPkpzZ5ipmOhPBGZ4WCUwCd4mc+ITLcXLouBIaVlkrbTFFQuHr+X7rFpagbV05M4UFaCwqAfbQvzBm7HGxvw4MH9SGWtq6Fqmpbo/bwivJh4Edkjk7gYGMT++hY8Skf1+0+24rnkNJx2+1HA2F5PKn3cxs+CVEH6Hm/sx9tpxXjqRAru2n0cd+07iUdPJuOMdxin3IP4pKoZTyRm4L6T5/FWUSVOeAaQzZDrnYIKvJSaiyzus4DnWsDa7sOCSrybVUoXtYw6QuvD7Eo8figRSQSF+si9n1mFhw+eR5JvAhnDC3g1rQj30vXce/QsnkrKxC17j+JxHiuRFv1UcBQPJqTgxj1HcOv+E3gyOQd7O7yEyDKevJCFl9OLcbDNa/roHarrx6P7zyNDHT+ZPu+WNbIAMcTNrsLB0g5U0WkJFJrkQDNpZJMiu5p78XpmMR47fA4PbeNxt9KZap45HmN7eTOKJy8hnRS4wEri+Yt5eC61AE9fzMeLueVIGJrFIc8I7j+fhd/tO40HCPY/nUrDk0xHdafZXN+Nu3ldqbzORh63iLHne0k5ePdcupndRTOYaBYLD89HMxD7BDxmYD9hF2QlGlK+I0RsyBnQSdyXKk3TyZiFRsMFNSWRpFEvkib0tMEn6Fngc0CP26wHntqZbeD5eT+9Q5NwD4ygnyF/rzeAbrcXXW53BHoEYCCE3oEhuEYmeLw55iUWel5HJS3m2UYvthV04NWLjXj2YhuezujHU3lhPFU8iSeKCbnCSTxaMIFH8kbxcM4wYRjGg+lBPJDqx/0XvbiPupe656KH4vdUKo3L0yUP7k934760PtyX2oMH0nrwcEYPHsvuxZO5/XiuwI2XS3wMUYN4t4Z5t2kMOxk56IU5R9wrOOJawUG95rBrkZXZPLY0TBGKY3ivdAgflISxV++1ILnLGF4KTBqRM7as0RVzWCbwVgi8JQJvfmkJUwwTR1je5aI1gqeXzq5H4NN3gkwTP2iSB70eU+Ow1ZdVaaRRSBoVY0bH8N64ua6GCboJPSONdhlXjxBVgpRGxrBsaRif5Dfdkhhd0mFaWqSJcmohqsAcK1FpdqMIPNaqBI0RM5yAZ0GPmUQXFlGQGdGGlIAmSAl0Gk0hWEkarG/LAFDrRdZ3QtCGo9mHEofqo0vs5oV1EmLWsCoSe2WRBWUaXcuz6LmksJbnwoLdvbSAxpkpNE1Po4Mkb5meRcXgEGP+US5jaMJ1NIa1dVUNpEMoD4/SIs+Z42h2E3UkdlGan66Cn3paqX5j6ltWysxfxoSumqND4e8a3WHeeEY1L3PZzBxqeYwKHqt2YsIcr5k1TMP4LOpZaFomWVPxBqtmk31vYIbQkDnN6lFHt1Svm8l98SfryTSlsatSIzNZLcOGxpVVAzC5UnXXqZ1bRm5oGBU8Rt30ipn/znSNYC3bPLJiRpFoe62v7bp5zkontZHSQBkQmHYVXo9+1zGjHYS5TO81qWUI0cD91HD/GgFST2mfOlddv0ahVDKjqaO39qHO3iVMo6zhaZQzbzQSePa1qEO0+gBqui6dR4DnoTGtfVOaBIGVI7fzCHbMxJLA52eeC/A35TM7GtgAO8qGnRlapoITUTzoCXi204sCT3lA4j6jD9Z4vzX5hX9kCh7mFVcwTJcn4HnQ2e9Cl0vQY3jLZb38zcMIJMgQaoDAUwXaODiH9M5B7C3pxhspDXiRwHsx24MXi0fo5OfwdOkMHikYw71Zgwxvg7iHYe6D+SN4rGQcT5YRhEWjuD+HoS8Bd2tSH2650INbqduoOxJ7jct7MNOLx3IDeKowxMjDjydy3Xgsq5furptg7cMLJV68XhXEO/WEWPMIPm4dw+b2cWztoNonsKV1HFuYITc3jOHj6mF8UBbG+0VBfFwcZMU5grTeWdQyxBSgGFlienUFi6tzWF2ZoqYJPk0gsITpxUtgUTJpqaGWGr4o2PUJdkxzAc2Uf6aLOu0HmA+M+LcxOkx7OXRTKXGb4DjvUUQaURNSX8kpivlQvTvC5JPl/JeNhugwpeEFW0tGQ+SAJtIIE3Th2Tmya5ZRqmTN+GQrAjyKGc6WBT0LeAZ6kUwYAzzKgpsFvBjYRX6PgZ1TWicirW+Ph+xl5u+RNeXJB2ifw1hF/+I0epdm0Lsyy7B2yWp3mp9F2+wUWibGTYfWbl5gIwHUruFMS8voX72EXsJOM380Tk2jaZxgJIw0dG6Qic/7aoCogqmZgDWcTSGyJuWsn9bwLRZyAZEJXjc2a+bL03G7FlfQNDlNeM3R+k+gZWoK7UxQzQfXzZvRxtCsgzdLLkZzBrYzI2iiBbWTyea3sRbT3G6CQJgyHZq5raCiccXdvHF9Kzz3ZZ4DIdq1sIIenQcLV5UesEzwesbmzTEUSnWxQHdwn50s/Br9ISirQ6zgqnTV4HhuampjhREanmaDThDT6BbN6afZVTTmWHP0NU2toI2Vn4Dt4bHNMCrmh3bemxbmEw11E9Q0HVMlc37Z4LSZm05z+OkcNGOLGonVUVvXqvHPGqnRx7BEc5YZZ0dQCHpeQW/WATzmpRjg8Rps4Fm9CJj/mI4KY213Z8MuLvAisNP1G+BxeyfsnMALKrQenYZvaBzukMLaIEGnTsj9BnqCn1xef3AAPgJvgAk7tMDywWtvG1lAbs8IDlf04d2MZrya0YlX8n14uXQUL9HiP10+Q6hN4L7cYdOmd1/uEB4uGsfj5dN4grovJ4w/nu/Bzw/W4XvbivDdrYX44fZiXL2rDD/bU4FrdpfhpzuL8NMdBfjJ9lz8eHMGfvjJRfzw4yRcvTkFNxwswH3JjXiR0PuANdsmurvNzBSbOyawqY3gE/xaxrCFzm9zwyg+qR7CR+UD+Iiw21ISxDHWytm0ZBq/rsqJ7MHspVUsrc5jdZnAWybw6PAWWCHPEHjMgiY9Nb5c03bZwNPQSxkYlXFVBHKKId1/fiqdTDOWSXNK94T3SLPjDLDiDkvMz+pKpD68kunKxrwxzMpWGpmPiKAblVh2pBGWmxGG4MME3hCBNzg3R47N8V7POjRjtObwIrCzxINHZIcYyoDxoaeQlp/6HlkWD3Z2+OqU/Zu1HyYYL66fVlXxd4Cw8s7P8O8J9C9MwUXouRY0+/I0gULIzc3Sfs+w0BNmEwQP1UWn10NL20kX1krQaXLNTu6rm85EszgLtCbReRN8VBMLQxHDtBKSoXpskU6HhZ3L1P6gOfVaR+jcQhNmoLgAKSiogbR9atZMfikJfm3TFAtAB6Gg9ooO3jjBzcxYwoyhMa2dtO+aqsrPm6900uD23vEF9NC19U3Os2ZUGwMdAzNGL8HWOjiJjhE9EVwk1BbQMjyLpqEZSsObVDHYwCMUtT+1kfHa6lhLNtFJqk0lxONP8HxUyDW7iHGFzNDqNKuJMzX2WNDVtQnAbi7rIPC6mekUlvQxPXpHF9HDtOme4PlqGY+htphW2scGhsh1pEY7M6uL22p7hTH6Lgfdz2uRc+9n/nIxn+hBhelzyd8VDvoIPY2g8DEPqj0vwLyn5hOnu4tCj8e23UEUerw+WwKdgR2X2w8xYsJZbrsBdpKAx/sbYmUV5L3wjyisHUav3wJee2+fgZ6Ap24q7lAYQYa05rWFBJ4ewHUxjQr7R3Gi1oOP89rxVl4PXisK4KXyUbxQPYOnKqbxSMkE7qeruydnEPfnjeChwnE8WjKJRwrH6Orc+NmBWnzl/Sz81QtnqAT83asX8C9vX8RX30vHP7+RiL954SS+8OQB/OXDO/EX92/Bf7z/E/zlA5/grx7fju+8m4A/Hi2m0+ulu5sg7GYN9D6hq/uoiW6vcQSfNI4a2G2pH8FmAm9TxQA2lwWxozyE04RhPm+OJlsNE3ZMOswzmlom8FaWpqgZLC8ReDQT8YCnyYA1e5Le++tlGqtsB5gumlBDZS3MzzD/Ng+glPa6D9zedBHSMalBAzuKhmPIwI5ifhiOAG8kHvBs6EWBtwY9Az6WzfW6yuz4CsALO4AXH3qqrfVpyYaYLSfgRH1jbddpbV8KdZb4ucBldGSEm4vAc81NsiBNwz03TVgQevNzLEzzdB8LBCJDYLohDVvqZYzey3i+m8u69J2OTLMJC1QKpdSWaAoOj6V2pA5+r2cI20i10kprjjU5TYFR62hWDteonkrzhrAAq6CqQbePN6GXN6BrbokQIZDM5zL/5j64X3u6IkHTtGXok/vQdaq2UzoGeHM1EN628MoAakQnz8wgefcwne7wItw8fj/VS6lgdfKzm9to8gLJzOrKzCRX1cbvjfytbZy/MxOqBjUzOFPKiGZMLdfVJJm6dp2nzk8zFcuJ6f7IbZtMy/Pxsar3jNCBEt6aGUYhpUkX/tYv5zpKNzpCh8+MqwyufQSVTgIppck/5RD1kEKztPj5W5DLtZ7W90eAp/YZPQxT52IDPJ6X/VTWlnk6K/HYBno8pnlowWuMujqdB7X2pJbbsgCpcMbAjtew9uQ3ArypRfO0ODCqsHbEAK+ToWxbT68BXg+B18+Q1jswiIHRCYwQeOME3givSxVCqWccZxr92F7Si/eLXXijLISXKkfxbPUUHq+YxIPFDGnzhnAnHd7dWWHcmz3EMHYY92aGcVuyF7883ITvbyvDVz/Ixdc/zqfLK8GP91QZ13fNvir8eFcJfrAtH9/fnI0fbc3GNTvz8Ku9hfjdkVLccaYOD6V14JkCN14lyF6vCuP1ihBeKw/gtVIf3izz452KID6oGqC7C2MTP7dUDmAb19nLv8/TCZbwpqj9bpiwY3KBt4dh7AJWGGEtL85gKQo85ineU+VXJ/A0P6bygYanKp8HuQPldTUhxQBPaa97oHvC9aPA43cjAY+V0Brw1G834vJs4DGkFfTWJOAxtDXAs6A3TIYMGVnws2UBz0BuDXa2nMC7PPRUU+vTkgHbOjnhpi4oUTER7O8W+FYpAo+w8tC9uWemqImImBEJOy9h55X7I9F9pLsvMn2SS4+iCTqN09QjaQ/DQj9rKz2Z1ewsstdmCB3hoi4wLjkPHlMN6XIk6girAq/r000ReNRWwUjYvJjcOAL9znU1SkCFuIcuRf19Oufp5pj51aFW7/K19ynHYwo6pePL1uvpo/qXaZ/a97jEfY8zo2i+OJY3DDMDmOnQmZmCdGt+StMi6dWCChvkFDULs9m/wkVmKk1+qVBWfdzkxNTWpUylOftoDM09U8Ox5ovrYgHvYojZPU73Nso0G18yaSIHFQ07uJ0m4jTz1fHTZEb+Ltk1dLTPm7bjvlUpqMDIJQh6mvlZ7xFQaCwABngfQroX/FvAC+h+G9itAc9uM3bCzojHEPTU5850SeFxbcDZkIsBnaRzZAEy5ytxPzbsbOCZ4/HYekqst+sHeSM8g6MEXggdBF6rgEeXJ+C5CEF/eAiDY5O8V/OYXFgFWUf4L6GCNUJS2wABQpdX6cNbBMqLVSN4qmocDzG0vSd/EHdkBnHLRS9uTvbg5kQ3bj7vwk1n+3HjmT785ngHfnWkFdcebsF1x9txQ0IPbuQ6t6X68af0AO7mtvdmBfFgbghPFg+bSQDeapzF+y3zeLthCq9UDBF4XjyW2YNH0jqpDjya2o4n0tvxbGYXXsrtw5tFHnxQFsAnhN/WyhB2VQ/gUP0gUnqmUBFWJc78wvvHZDHAW1pZxPICgcfIamlxAfMsbwZ4Sj+mrSpBzSSkyk/AU7uqgCc2qEwb4FFqRhrkDmOAp/vBfax1Fuc6/NuMhWYelsQlI+YTdUhfA9/yOgl2tmzoLXKbjbrK3ul62DmBZzJHRDbw1qBHsJjPWOk3I15kDOh44eqKsl7W72q4VuhJoM3O0mnQ0c1MRjTF5TPct6YWn6cWuF/WyoSdZgL28WI8hJ2HGdFL+AUWWXhYyFT4eC9Nwis8D7Kwq0+h6VbD85O7MY2rOj7/ViHQDZHbUhvYKJcLfqaw8W+dq9aXQ+znjeg1bk9tcwIogcTlgqd5+5nE74KkufH8boDH/WgIng29MX4f5f41C7BehygNKRMwQwXprgKEnY+uz0vbr3ZINQzLiZq+bIIKP8209oI4P9U2KpekcaYGpDyGjqnr8/C63bx+t9rUGFK7GS5rxhLNVKIO5HaGNLBgJlZYbDIj92Ngx9+iAInIAInbaSYczdocjkBNs1brHSc6R9vdmZlnuEz5QA8pYoeOWcCLQk7Hsr/rOBLPy+5sbEMuBnQ676h4PTbwuA/dU3WAj8nPPJ66YA0QuprcIjTBfDc0ht5ACO39brR095iwttfjNVNFhQZHMDI+hQnmtWlWcpO8rx6G+zWkbmrXEA7W+7Gp2o83q4J4lm7rodIw7son6DI8+H1yH65P6MDPDjfih7uq8L2tZXRtFfj7Vy7i5wea8YvDrfjV8U5LJ6iTnfj16S78JqGL4PPiHg0pIzgfJ/CeLh3Bc2XDeL50EE8V+PFwRh/uTWqj26vHbadqcNvJKqM7T1XjgfP1ePJiK17O6cG7xQRyOZ0oz29v7QCONw8hgzVozbD6qTG/EHRMFvArlpaXsDRP2M3PYpEmY57mIgZ4zBuCnRN4dhQQYj5XBf9pwNN9MuCzxeUGeBEGOYEXq7UHGEMs/1Gx7McqLvC041jYGUVgZys+9Kynt3HFC7wc7EwjJhPCbtC0oEcg8QICPDE/XZ6P0PMRel7BbnqKiTnDwjHLwkExhA1xnRDhGGLmCzKsDRB2UpB/h3ix4YUVFkJe2yKl9hYlnAG7nkJbBcwKoyJixrf7IBoxDSQtVydrtTHpeuVE1eDuZiFxzRAcswz7+LeXv/soVQK6Xt10c+Op9ZbetCnZhdDOAJQVginM4j7kuiZXGK4R0FMSjztNh0qpv6KaEOSUTHMAz1HdhdTAr2MI1nKPkxKPO05pmelzyWtRQ71msQkRfOaTf2t5TD9MHkMysOd+TVvaOtnL5J51D8MRoJl2Ov5tKhN+l0wjdkTG3SudmJZOZyetB55JF1uRQmIkwDllF5qo1gGP1+8EnsnH5pgW8MIszZrNxzs8HgVec5cFvD4CzxccQHh4FGMT05ieXcQs8xUjYUYNy2jgyWX2jeBocwhb6gJ4vdKPJxhO3p3vwU2E0W8SO/CLU8340YEafPWTfPzd6yn478+fx9++lIz/2+8/YghbgR/sqsVPCL4f72/E9/fU4Vs7KvFNhrnf212Fa4+34PfnunF7iht3pPTj9sQu3Hq2FTefasAfj9eYIWa/PViK6/cX47o9BfjV7jxctzsXv9mbj1sY9j5wtg7P0u29VdCPj8u82FEdIJwHkNA2jBzPDBrGGKnxvpFblruTlpawyKhqcW4WCwwT51meWLRigOcaZyVL4OnhkR4krQeegZ3E7zH5X1p3P+0yYN0vm0MRM8Z8MkjQ2TLAi1E82G0UgWfB7nLAszOInUmc0LPAp0yrz1htgB0VD3bGeUnmN4GCYCGpA2rHm6WbI9wEOr1BTS8VCkYUmpI0u+56WdNPhQm+MO/OIDPm0CytLhNphA5ylFAdZeKpMVRPgQanmdEZzgyoLxilkSTqF+abXiRErOmJ9GYke+oiTVWkQe9efad8kX5kZhQKC02QUohkd+9Zc8kqyCrYAiuvUTLuhoDkp9WZO1ZeI8KU+14vvZ7O6p9k7UvtUDqWoKY2FnVH4SmbDCoxOQz8xgiyUa6r904M0Z4MTi4gTOm9IKYdi9di0oHH9UeeoPqYduYBg0AfIzVnqA2X4nXou33foy6f32PyQIwIG24THS9rxLxgFwjKBl5UBmQRsYDFyPmbDbsI8Gx35+zQbME6AjxeZ5j5RPnGNzJB4A1EgNdtgKfJQAOhMIZHxs17QGaZr+YJPDkeRQ3N3Hmuexwn28PY1hDE61U+PFrswq1Z3bjufDN+eLgCX92ej394Lw3/7ZXz+MtnTuE/PnEC//nJ0/hfbtmG//5iMv77Syn4H6+m4a9fz8DfvJmJ//FGOr7wSjK+v7cW//hOBr6xuQDf31GCH+0sxo+3F+DqbXn48ZZs/HBTBr7/USq+834yvvXuBXzjrXP4+ptn8PU3EvCdd87iF1vScMvhYjyW2IA38nrwSZkHu2sCONo0gAudIyj0z6KF0YSaIZh0DuAtY5Hlb5HlcIEmZI5lc4ZlVC/fVrpqQlUXow9JL0fyTnEZ09pUhEpjpTV3FhX/jjJE63Bdp6KVmu65yk1UdlmyuqhY0ntTnFqKL0LOqSsAL5JBKBt4ptA65MysG8DHi4sRLzgKPAfsosCjDPBYixiXx3A1Cj26Ob3TwQBPoJukWMsOUOFxip+DEzMsvLNminF9SuHIp2ZnGeHFjxF4E8yk4yxoer3kKIExHCn0A6RDkPJPzZuw2EVo9lG9EfURpBpf6CI1zFRGlJ/bBbi9xhfLJQ1QgqcgKlkzxOgpON1TBIYBAlMdKO2X87gj0kuF4sn+Xa+ikwxseTzJx+P7zaw1rL1Y6EZ53wQ1dUUxoGOaclPzGk2aYTApMcNwYYrrjnObUZ77MLfXi5g0eF9tWAFu7Gd6+fS0nBnEw8pHclNqJ40R75OkqZ4kDzOeztE8iGD6xoaqEdjrk3nFiOdk2gwlnpuzMESBxwKwHnZWWw9FyK01djvF/BuFXUTaF/dtFzrb3anCsYGngqNK0jc6afrb2Q5PbXj9Xh+CA4MYGZ3AFCvWOabPwsKqSWc547aReRT5p3C2ZwQ76fLeqPLi4cJe3JjWhmsYVn5jN13d+yn4P15JwF8+fxp/+exp/JdnEvBfnj6D//RkAv7tQ0fx/77/EP7NfQfxvz5yHP+ey//i2XP43588hZ8cacW/f+I4vvDCWfwNYfnF1xPxpTcT8fV3CLj3kvHNdxLxtTfP4cuvn8G/vHoK//TSCfzji8fwxReO4suvnMCPPkzCH/bl4eFztXg9twubyt3YRxd6qjWMi72jKGOC6I2Eev8Ik9kKZy9RDGEXWPYWGD3N83rnWPFNm7Kj9GVFzcjDrSFmE5osmBUgIxANM7WetJMRXDcGdo77bEcMMdCLLFu7/9xHVPGh93kVAzy1Vdkh1p8HvFgFeMHRGp4XHYVeBHBOmVDHAI+FIuryLOiph7RC2CDBI1dnnJ2ARshJgxMC3RyGNOBZ/aMk/j0YkRN4erJmgMebp9dLjrLg61WTYUGL6wUoL6X38mrYiqAn9VMu7t8dgZ1go0kU5IoEOgM7ag12EeCpIPEzzL9DDuBpjjf1QTOQoGywOaU3lUleietoG5+2J/T8PK4FXMGa18BjjPMeCnY8fdB8GuDZigKP60zT5U3wHMe43QihN8R9GJcXgX6AG/iZwX2Emo9AM6+BdIDP+q5l1m9G5hyXDMjlDKOwoxO0nW1UzBtWgeC9d4rnZ2Qyu6X1wIsFm9XWaU0RZUHOqbjAixzDCsPlSARhhvLMDyZc4nX7x6bQFxpEh8uLlm7rKa3L6yfwwgTeGB3eNGYFAaaD3sCve9ulscs84YvuCexrG8RbVR48nNeJG1Oa8OvzDbg2oR4/O1mPnx6tww8Z1n53VwW+saUUX/moEF/+sBB//1a25eqov3s3F1/8qAj/sqmUKsa1p7rxlU8K8a1tJfjBzjL8bF8Vrj9Sj5sYIv/pXLvRbWdaccvpZtx0shE3nmig6o1u4THvOtOIhxOb8WxaK97M7cTmsj6Gsz6c6wgznB1HzdC86eaktm5+WMAj/JZYFhdJ9AVqnnlilvd1imk1qvw8xTJK4GlkhHlfiJpcCEENQbUrNTEiLOjx3tqKAk/iPVgv5723pHsn2cBzQI/pvkE8R1uxDtASgcfM4lAM8CSemA07J/DsTCttAJ0tA7w40GOKxlPQATyrLc+CXpCZUG/vUludoDRAEIVZsqVBwscAjgV1mKXc1pBEKBixEA7zYk1Iy2PYYe1o5OZplg7LhWmIk4DEwk6ZcJbHNOJxPYIhj2PCWCpIYIQIjgEqHJH2I8AJdKbTJG+QPnWDBngOgl50rjcWMH9EVthI8TejyN/277ZjMuI+zCQOPL7OQcfVTNNqW2FymFBWIsuM9J1JBjIb07ynUwTAhNZXaKttjSu13KlC+5DSQeeoe8B74afr9uuTfwuA+tSygBEzuT5VSRF6gci1qW1uwCh+nrFDng2wk3iO0vpw1uneJEHOKedvUpgF0IjXa7kEa/8qWDbsfEwDna8BHq9B7TwBRg2u8DA6PX609Vodj110eIHQAIaGRzA+PoFpRhqCntryNK1V38QS6kYWkcPw5mjXCN6r9uLRnA7cktyIm1MJpRw37i8ZxMMVE7i3aAS3ZgRxw4V+/PJkJ35+rB3XHOugOnHNiS6CsRu/ON2LX5514foLHvzmvBt/SPbi5hQv7kj148GcMJ4pGcdrNXN4v2kZHzSv4P3mZbzbuIS3GxbxduMi3uH3d5qWuGwBb1dP4M0yus6CfrxDCG8t68HRRi9SegbNW76a9PoGpsdQBHjMLljidwFvide2wHIwx89p5g1VlMozeqWDpofTu0IM7CjTzs28b7t6vRLAAp7Ee7j+Pl9BUZNl8oGAJwl2EQm66xQdRGGL93W9NgAvHvTsg0btpSPjXhZ2UhR4EjMZU9L015IEuPWygadCpALEghVkIQoyE1oTQ7JAMuHDUqSQSkMRCVy2LIcVES/UiDdgiNAb5vmM8PxsWVBSQq7wGDaQ7DYsiscz4jGs9jqJ61FqOxtg4sYkfGR/1tMlS2p0taCnY6gGjDgdnotkGu8pddWwZS+zZbbRttoHj2PaC5X5+H2Y90XdaNR2xyjVaNyWllEKdyV1RpYbHGWBH6HkDq3QW+dPgGv/BECIaSVZlZCkiojL+bc0sCgxP0T+NutrO57nAL+bkIbHNRld4rFt2MWEs5HfjHhu8YEXC7Mo6KYicvymcMuGnSahtSbFsPKueQhF2bBTe6gqEJ33IM9ZT/30Lmb34Ai6fUET1mpomcvngz8YQnhwCKOjo5icEPSmWXkwglDFyMLfQrej+fHOuaawtXEAzxf14W66qtsutuG2tC7cltGPO7K8hJ0XN6Z6CDE3bkh04TcXCDZC7dfUdQ79WtNKJfm4jge3podwV1YYD+QO4bGCETxbPI6XyybweuUU3qyewVs1s3irdg5v1s7jDX6+zr9f4/LXqqbwevkI3iwN4t1iNz4u6cPeGjfOtAfp7kbMS6s66O7VJju8zAqRoSxvJZb4fZnlcYn5f4H5fY6aYiU/pmYQStGMgOdn+tkzJ6n3gxkTTZk2Ue5Tsh5+SryPEW247xE514mK+WCtqS3yEIP3bwPgPoM+FXgW7KQ14DmfqCnzxIUdZbqsMNNHxQS0oWc/uYuR+V0S8CzomUJmCpElq3HZkn0Rdl/CNbEAOGQ9fLES374BQzwfexoiMxURlxkHy+0FFdVSBjT8XHNWkRosIvtppilQXG+tncE6hjlO5NPaf+R3853icWOBwONTdmUi2ctixGtyhonap7qdjHAfemAhqTuN/pb03SznOnpyq0/BcYT3VaCMphP3I1npxGMwjWLE+xI24rqSnn5T+tTfWh7mfTM1uvmb1xZRNINTzgcXGzI9zykKPAfs4gJvitcdkXNI0hrsmF8oTVIbffJMKewysGOh1cMfFVpVIhbwuP7UHDzD6poygE6314yyEPB8gQBC4QEMDw9hbGwUE4TeBKE3zAhADlydzWsnAL1L9UDHKN6u9OHR7G78KaUVN55rwm9O1+NXJ+rwq9NNuP5cB36X3I8/pvnwhzQ/fnfRj9+m+HA9ndx1BNyvLrjxy3Mugs/F9QhJAu/enCE8UjCKx/KH8URuGE9mB/Fklh/P5ATxXH4YL9A5vlgyhuf4+XT+EJ7MHcCTOQE8l+vDawUevF/ixvZKN441+XGxl+4uNI5mjfQhsNV2PrpE4NHZkflY4vdl3ptl5odFps8s02mStegoa88h1p56W6Hajq0+lJZUAVsP7axK05RR5alIfooCjPu9oriO3ZwWFfNDDPR4D9dkc8AW7+NldJUKSlTc6eWAZ8POCTwDOx7cggLFCzOdSZ1iJrJkAS9GLCimr5o+I8ui0OP6FvQi4KGcALBt7loiRM7ZTqCIrES2tokFCZczcc1TO8oqcM7rinN9TDDTRuGQXZAEHht6SqMo1ByK/q7vWmbf4OjxrXP4TOIx7P2ZdOC2uodOiKuDc3R5ROr7J+m7fd/Xp1VUAtd6EXgGdpTp7hORtUywk7SexP1dCXg8nq31sFsDHvcjOWBnwLYedhGpbUmyXt4jeAl4rKAiUoUlN6KZOPTmNDcl5y5XL+CpN7+aTDReti8URndkmigBzxvwM6wNIkzojQwPEnojGCP0htVFituqk7mG9xUMreJkzxQ+rgnh2bxePJDegTtT2nBzYiv+eKENf0zuwk1pLtyaHcAd+YO4LW8QN2s8bdYAfp8Rwm/TAvgNASj4/Ya6MT2IO+nsHiqewFPl03i2bBLPEWzPFw6ZadxfLh7Ga+UMW6tn8XbtAt5gqPtqxTReKp3AC8UjeLmI4WyRF+/TcW4r68XxRg8y+sJ0dxPmrXSBRUZBS6uYWL4EJoV52f0Sr2WF17LC+7DI9JqZWMQ4a83hUb21bA4DhF5omtBjuint1mCnJhHrIZ2JeAz4eF+i+Yr3lPs1cuQPIy5TeYyK60bF87DE+6/KzygWZp9FV9kFwc78nwa8NdhZIIjCIKIY2EnMCD6nWCgsXdqgGBiy0DjDYbUBxhQOyiqgG7UGD0vaxjw55nmr7UbuU3/b+4v+zuXm97haA14s9Lgvygm+Na2l14blPNbG87SWr0H5U8T92NJ1OzPI+rRY/7tznfXrGjG9ne7OAp4FNIEtnoz7i6yzBkl7X5acab5eMcAj7BSG2rCzgMfjRGBniTW7Q7GwY+GjFHZJAcmEX8uWsyPoXHQsemOannirsKoNzwaef3QSroEh9PiD6PX60E/gefxyeT6EQgEMDobo9MIYodMbmZkl9HkNDAc1prmSLu+Caw476gfxSoELT2XrtY19eCCrH/dlu3Fvnh/3FA7g3pJh3Fs2hrtKx3A7XdktBcO4MXcQv88ewA2ZQfw2PYAbqFuyw1x/FI8Sds/VzONFAu2VqmlCbRJvVIzjnZoZfNC4hE9agc0dwCftwAfNl/Buw7IV6jKkfbvYh/cKurG5sA3H6nqR3R9C0+gU/MvLGLl0CROrlzC1om42q1hgBbZMANnAW2BaT48vYpQhweDwNAZGZwg8Qk/t6WpqmpNDttp+bVnAs6HH/CAxz5q8xv3GA96gxOWXA55tyKyhZxExP3webQReZOdO2MULZ+PCTnLAzvTdEuQc8kosGOsVCz66Pl6wc+yt3b3F6QxiCmhEzgJkQYzbS7wOMy+fLS7bIF6XUxugxwR2yobdmpwgtNInvrguFYUhM0L0+3rpNxtwRva1xlvmuH5eo9052JYzbS4nsx+m8Zq4/3XAs1yeLcLGKPKbQ05gSvGOZ6RziyjaF4vpaWRgx/1J6yE3SUhFpFeGSnqTnqQO1cGI9KpQv0TQ+SKwcxN2/QzP+ulWPHrazUKq96uY96ywIOtJrdrx+gIh690WPrk8DzyUP+BFaMCP8GAQQ6NDGJ2ZwSjDwBEwnalmXodmDz7YPIp3S7x4Od+NZ/M9eDLfi8cKA3i4eAAPlQ3hwcoxPFA1gXsqx3FH6ShuKSLwGJr+PidE4NHlpfsJPD/d3wDuLiLw6Nqeo4N7qZbAU/tcJYFHur5XO4uPm1ewtRPY0Qts67ag96GgVzePdypG8E6RB+/mtuOTvEYcr+lCniuIjslpnjNdHc+Zp4zZ1VXMqisK76WAt8r7v8r7szBFGI4t0tUSdIOTCA1PmWn5zcPDOcJNMsBTTwdLevhlHubFQM8BPBtyrCicnZPXQ89pxNaAJ9nA+3yKAs8JPZuolwfeWuGNDzyGDZR50sgMZMtriwUkVuuhR/jwYuMBLwo9Klooeb524bEhFwUdZcEM0KQAtuzpqZyyf3OC8dOgFyumw5UUSae1cHlNG0AnEWaxwLOudb1irt2c85pir4XiOraiaeVI0w1pG4FVDPAouSGnwjES7CJifnBeh32u64G81h+L6zBjWiNOuL1E0Mm1GQfngFuYEAtPWBqIKGREx0YFKH9EPsobkYbUuQi6PoZnkl4TqafuKrSac00FOUDgeQg8TQfV5w+g3+ul3HB5XfD63AgECb2wH4MjYQO8CTo7jVIQ9LoZEhaFL+F0xwS2VgTxTokPrxX78XyRH0+XBPFEWZjwGsHD1eN4sHYS91QReGUjuLloEH/IZUib6cev07y47qILv05x4Q8ZfvyJYe/DpeN4pkpvMmO4WjGBV+gOXy8jVGumCbxlbOsCdvURej2W0/u45RLer1/AuzzWu0VuvJfTik259ThZ24EiTxB9szMGdmSN0QKBN7ewjEXetxWWwUu8/07gDQ9OIzgwjiBD4dAYnd7UHAG2aDQwS9BFelFYwLOgZ3ovCHjM/+uBFwM7yQYepeYYI64fH3hSfKhdSXGBZ6DHHa9Bj5kvIqswWqFZPOg5u1oYsQBsgF4c4DnDXNvhxXV31FphtBIv+jfPO6bwR+SEnhQFH5dFZ3iJ/BYFA+UskLFaBywmvFOXg11cd2crCrX1sq7Llh1+OrX+uu3zl+xr0vXHwI7ptT5d46WtJYaTRgLdOmfH+xkXfLz3VrcUAS+iyLXGTTdmRnsom4bUmbY3ybg1QmhCWgPbAEMsSwyrqFBEwTG6tTEBi2Ep5aO8EXkovVDeNTqHfoKud2SGmib89FL4OR5XXZ64j4lZM9rCHR42sx/3+QLoI/D6PG70e1x0eW74gwxtw0GER+TwZjFJ4AkeGouqCROqSb6LvTM4yLB2S2UQ75YF8EqJH88SfE+UDuCRimE8SODdXzOJOyvGcUvxkAW7dB9+ldSPn5/twjUn23DN8RZcd7oDN17oYzjM7RjyPkn4PZM7gOeyg3ghO2DeT/E+Q9etDGl3EXY7Kbm9T9ro8poW8WHNGD4q92NTcRd2lbTifHMvKgJheOZnzbhZnq7R4qUVzC8uYYn3dZVl8JLE+7/IC4sCLzSGwCChx3A4pL6wswprmfYGdvO8ZxKXsQJRTwqrqxbzBsuABTzlowjY1gOP0nRbRlwnBngS83Es8Cjmm+HPoRjgOaHnjJ0/C/QM+JipBTxbNvBsRcHHBN0oOkMDOwKDF2y6r/CC44HOLohO67tWOLkOz3s9BGzwRSHA705FQRBRTJh1WTnTI1bOdJGs9Fr7fT3Y1hp1I7XgOjmvdb3MNUtcb8P1rlNcyDGtbdmhRmz6snbkfRniPVoTwz+neF+j0ON9t4BHzRJaUTEtmPElUwkQbkYEXIBwM5qUlgkdiSGpRLAZEWYhW6MsWEYEVUSBEUlz2glYhBiBJnkod0Quqn94Gn1Uz9AUNYl+zXQ8OmPeuxwg7PwszJpAwBUaorsLodfrN5MH9Lrd6KPcDGt9QT+CgwMYHB3B6OwceNoGeHJ5fn7XbNcFrE3PtY1if90ANlUG8DrD22cKPXiMTk+TCtxXOYq7GdLeznBWoewNdHLXEXY/O9WBHx1qNGNov7e9HD/ZXY1f8+/bErpx74V+PJTowqME4OPne/BUYi9ezQ7RRY5jU/0SdtLZ7aDT28rPTW2rdHmL2NQwgW11YeyuceNIbS/Su7yoo3sNLM6Dtxc8XeoSlgm8RQJveXEVlwgfy/Y5gTdlAS9MjUzy3mgW4bmognR8wUkNDpiPAs90xBfweO/NAwfmb5OnuN/10IvCTuI6TuAZPrHMRUXYGfHcLDnB5lweq8sCzwk9G3hO6OnpoA09k5EJuzVFoMfMbysKPhaO+GKmN7AjLHjBpoMyL3g96OxCGE2QdbJ/t+EnWMSDXzzZ69jAjIGOSYN4Wp8u8dMn5unsOlmZIJIR4ijedTplr3c58EWvj7+th1wUcFQ0E0a0lgGZiYxWHVqJ1fwyz0UN/xTDwrBCw1lLempnOlwz49uz1Qhu5vWfJIWfgDMi3IwINyPj1iiCLSoDNYq53tKMkZ/VvX9IMxZPE1YUC6eHclOuiPoJOKlvcBK9VM/gBHrCE/w+AdfwJME4SUDyk7DTJKD9dEGa+VjvqNX0UD0uN3rVJ49uzxcKMrQbwuD4OMZm52OApxmeu6fo8gYWkdU7idMtQ9hZTSdW7MIzeb14JN+N+4uCuLtsGHeUjzOUHcHvCK1fp3jwi4Qu/OhAA769tQxfeScbX3otDd9+Nwe/3F6J77+daV78c+ehZty5vx73HWrAE6facde+KrxXNIZPqmexvVlv37uELe2XCLxlbGpdwLaWKextGcGR1gGc6wgQxGG0jk1gYHnBTPQp4K3y/wqBp/Gzq2aYBRdKBNESwaKHFsNMu2BoFH4Bb3jChP3qs6gX6kfFCkNDFDVqxx55ZI04ujLw9NBnPfCiPQ6Yd41Y3jYALwZ6n64NwJPiQc/qRxZRpEDbioYsTugRbrai4GPBuLy4jREdEC/YjLmVeMHxQGcnht3XLJo4lL2OZLbj+dvgsmFmxN+ccgJu7bq5H4ecy9cUuZHONDKijY9qbbl10y2pP6CltXNer2Gmw5VkZxIbelHwUesrDXOdXDce5GIyHLV2DAt4I7w/a1pxaJnpbgFPM1cY4EVgp6d1BnbM+GZSAvXdosxDBMpHwBmxQPnoInwEnG9UUteQOUvM4X4jG2wUwytLU/CFJcKK8gxMGLkp18A4+iPqi6iX6jEaQ3dE+t7HQtxPufROi9Aw+qKw86Pb5UV3v4dy8zvDWjo+r2Y+Hh7F4MQUgbcIXgqmLlnAG2J86GFBbBtZRoV/Bhc7R3CgLkAo9eGZrE48nN2L+/J9uLN4ELeVjuHGgmG6uxDdnRs/P9mJH+6pwzc+KsI/v5KKf3z2PL75Wjqu21qBf3jkGO493onb9tbhlu0VuGtPNZ463YFfv5OGD+nwPq6cxpaGBWxpXsKW1iUDu02ts9jZPoXDXRM42zuKDM8IKsPjBPIMhlYWCbwV/je4w+qlZawsL+PSMi8kGucSeATM9PjCGvAGqMExOmlCb3zKjEyxxMqHCukJ7uQCBnmfhxzAM2Let/P15fKdyXv8PSqWsajiAe9z6Crmp9gdRrSxkG8s0HYbzYa2GmleWoOeEQuHLRt0a8u4vhH3ywuOug8lDBUt/JSBHH9juTCdap2yAeiEoNk2eh2WbDDY+4+KvzmvPV7aOGWtx5sYkZ1Oa2LNZhT5OwZyljTyw5wrr+dK0jXHk/27MoqdiZzXZ6RlEdnrRGvWiMy7gp3iOiMGdLY0NM/WSlRm1lnCbpigM8CbXSLwlgg7ipDT5JrRF7hPrj1EEOS8LEheQs7Lm2fEDGnEXG1EuFmOzXJtXsJNYPMOSBOWQuPwUO4gnRnlCo7SnY0SWnrKOoLeiHqClroj6oqoOzjM5VRgiOsNEnQD1rtp3YKdD12EXVefG52Uvvd5NfPxkDXVO13NKK9Vk1LQpGKCdmmE8FNTiGtyFS3MVPl9YzjREMDHRT14LqMNj2R24/48H+4qpsMrm8TNxeP4Q84wfptGl5foMWNnrzncgqt31+LqHZX49f5G3J7Qi+v31uKprCE8kRbAE3SDz6R68WruAB4+046PambwSf0cNjcTctQnzXP4qGkanzRNYFfbBI73TCLFM4nCgSk0jOnVCXMYNsBjCMv/qxKBt0rgMba14lwBj9eyLOBNOIAXGmEFM8qKaJwV04SZbMGnLi50fAHu2zzBpcsb5P22Rj4xAjCwiwXeesjZMvmZv8fILnM28P5M6BngxYOes9BLsYXYht6ag4mCT0/mIrKhZ8SCYcsJvrXl3MaI+zWKFEoljOPCBTIDOorlxBKX2fpM8LuC7PWUBnbaXElWehFYDjkBGB1etgFwEfFa18R9Xk4E0JXkhJ4UhVocXQlyG/dN0FGjRgSdxPu1pmWmtQ081uh60ingzVhP6vTETrALqusHpdldfIScZB4k8EZ5RucYTmp0w6wlQs5DwBkRcEYEnHFvIYmAC0pj8AQIOcLN5ZdG0O+nO/NJhBfVE1G3Lf8QuhzqNBpEly+MLm8IXZ4gutwBdBnQeQk6Dzp73eiIqJN/9xKGnoER03CvMdyjdLL2xBRjRkw35iFFQq7xJVR6J3ChOYBtxd14Mb0Fj2d04aFcH+4rGcHdFbMMa2dxa/EUbi4Yx425I7iRULspM4xbMkK4I3MA9+WN4PHSKbxUv4w3mi/hnVbgvdZLeL9lGR80LeIThq4fy9G1L2Fzh/rjCXZT+LB+DB/XD2NP6yhO904gMzCDKqZ3u8aEz/O8VxYwRwu3TK2SbJdW6e5WSLmVCPAkAm+J+dgC3iSBR9jRAXt5/d7BUVZKY2b+QC/h7xuZhH902rwbRB2To8CbtYA3bMqCXQ6Y/yTlR4fsfGyXw2gZdpa3zwi8kTi6asPO1mkNeiq8sdBzDtcy4k2P6ZIQ1QpBZskJPslevmHYkp0I6y5cILPhpjGi8WT/Ltnwk6KJF1EUbo5lTkW35fVfXgTCOsUAkNdvSd8d4jXGuidbPPY66Ix+Btnr2uBan5GMtNyxji3nsZyyILcOdtQY75cUfZGKAZ7mHIwAj7ALm24JC+aJnYEdC4Cf8vEG+cbo4Jh4Ap17ZBZu5l43Ieemk3MRci4CzkUX5yLkXAScEQHnknsj4FwOwLl8hBwB1+8dovMi5Dx0aJ4w3VkY3e4BwisizwA6bXnDlgg5fXZwWYdb42b9aO/zor3Xg/YeAq7HZanbhfaIOvhbjydE4I0iOKapx3jtLNCC3igd7Sive5zfJ3jPyQjTWN8SmkJ6WxB7SrrwWnoznk7vxGME3kMlY3igegH3167g/jqqfhUPUPfXLuM+Lr+vahYPVM3g8YZFPN8OvO0B3vcDH0r63k/wda/iY35+1LOKzX2XsK2Pn53z+Lh5Ah/WDZrRHvtahnC+fwIFtPp6K12foq3FJYwReLOr81i8tEDGLRJ4pNsqKbdK4K1GgEf+LbFsT/PeCXgBOmFvcIiVzpBp53TT6bkJPs8QoTc8YV51GaTLE/A0cYeAp/QZiQAvagpYrmLEtIrCTuKymPLIshbVFVxePMg5ZQHPIQMA7vRK0IsFH8M13lxbNvRixMIhrcFtTfZvsZ1ZeQwj63zscxN8nKBjmsaV/bvkhN96AH4Wbdie6eCE3XoZ6BFolmzYWYoujwGcQwRLrKPiMT6HnLBaD7X1cq7rVOw+7fNYg93oYjx3t8Tr1ow0mplGs4csEHjqmkDgMbQxr0BUXzfKpy4go3RxBnQzcBF0LgO6KfQTdP2EXD+dXD8h10/I9RNwCk/7Cbh+OTgBzivA0cV5CDkCrs9NyBFwPa4BhqBUP51afxCdUl8AHf22guhQh1tXiICjCC6p3RVAW58PrYRcS1c/Wjr70Eq1Ue1d1qf+bu3sR1u3myANsbCPIURwK1yzZt1hGvB6RybmMMk0mGU+ZtKYGZF7eY35nQM4UtZtXuP4UmYnns3348mycTxRu4QnmoCn2oBnuoDnevi9A3i0ZRUPMkS9v3YajzFEfa4beN1HwA1QIcLPC7zZv4o3uhfxTu8SPnKtYKv3EnZx+fbeBWxhGLupPowtNX4c1rx37klUMNbWC9E15f7gygrDb57nCj2e3k62SuAxpCX1KIJOwJPIwEVe3yRd2+DgOPwM+z3+MCudQd4fim7PRbcn8Hn4u2+YUKTLG+C9FvBGnMBzQM9whOXJKdt8bICdLZY5J/Sc4LP//jRtAJ7kPLBTzrBsTWuwiyfLta1BL57snvqS1eXBckDGBfG4khNAnwY8yQk9aQO4rqD16zJfr5MFt3iyXJ7gZskJPKfiAk+KAG8j/JziecaRE1zDXM+Svm+Uc934so/tgB3v0xVhZ6ZKsmE3H4HdnAU7gs5H0EW7iQwTcgRdvwGdIDeJPkKuj+FqH51cH0HXS8j1EnC9dHC9BFwvAWcUAVyvy4JcDwHX3UfI9RFwvQHKT2dGt9bjM2qz1RtRnx9tBGA7pc9WLmshyJoItcb2HjS1daOZamnvRiv/bon8reUtHX0EqR/u4AiBN8sCTbfLgjzOgj1G4I3xmmfmGCQSFIoMmWzmiXNl/zDO1bqwLb8D7+f34q3SIF6rnsArDQt4oXEJz/Lzqfp5PF4zzVB3ELdlu/H75HZcf64Rv0tqYXjbjXsKPHikIoTHKwfwRGUIT1UG8Vx1EK83DuPDjins7F/AQd8KDroWcKBrEvtah3GweQDne0ZRMDCH5mnAy/MZIsfUX3CagJtfXcCS3J1psBPhRLvIh8we88IcXeuY+t0xnHUz7O9Xp2V+9vkGeJ8EviG6cP5G1+sl9AJ0eUqbQTr7YTlgppGgZ4AXgV7UPBmGME865GRRjAQ6W3Fg9lkUF3i2nCdhiQUoovXQcyoKvAjELNlgiy9nHy+r24N1HDkiM38dj28DyIZYPNDZisKOiWPE7zEQi2gD7LhufGnSUJ7HFWRA55CpzZgOl1X0Wp2yQOUE3ufVGuxs8d7ZYkG0pcb1qAzkbNn74nVIPK+Yp7IGdHoya4exTtipS4JgNxeB3SxhN0PYqU/cNDwEnXso0k2EoOsLE3J0dAJdL0HXSzfXSyfXQ9D1EHI9DFN76OJ6CLluAs5ycJaLE+S6e4PoEuQIuI5uAk7q8qKty0NHRsdmq8uWh3Djbz1eA7rWXi+aBTuCrIFAq2/pRH1zBxqoJn5vpprM3+1oaGpHY0sXYao3mOl1jdNmEtnJOToghrGTdHlThMM87+Gq2MF/+lDn2Gb/JLJagzha0Yc9FR5srwljcwPDzuZZvFU/hZcqR/BUURAPZfXhtvON+M2REvx0Rzq+9/F5/HBzIq7ZmYbrD+bixpMluP1MBe5OrMFDFxvwVHYrXivtwycNA9jXNYGTngWc8czjrGsG53onkNg7hrzADOrGGcryPgt2epLM6M50SVELnh5YWGfq+KeolsBb5L2f0iS6BJnXx0qm38d09/I+aFKFoHnA08e06KfzE/Q84TH4GfqGeL/DLIjDU8wjhJ55cGEeXqx7gCGx3NmMWc8gZ9k0y1gW/zXQuyLwpMsBz6n1wDNiQsUq0kH1CnIWfMshsdBRFvAInIguCzwmghSF3DrFB9mn6c8EnVO8FulK6eS89qgIm43wsmEUq3jrSfZsJk7QxZUBonPbyPHNuejeUAZyljRRppFAN0vQEXYakmV62hvYzTpgNx2B3RRhN0nY0dEZ0BFyEdD1EHQ9BnTD6Cbouunkugm6Ljq5LkKui5Driri4LkKus8eCXGc3QdcVgVynB20dbrR2uOjOXGhu76cro/Rpq6MfzZ38jfCzpWUNbT2oa+5EbWM7ahvaUEfVN7ahgapvaEVdfQtq65vNd4W4LjqcAYZv4wxfpwm8GYmFeZbS1Eq2UdI/5c3ewXmU944gpdGP0w0BHGsaxIGWUexuncDWxjF8SAC+Xe7HqwV9eCq1GfcnlOO2gzn4w66LuHlvOu48koeHzpThqZRaPJfagBfTG/FqVjPeymvDJ2W92FPvx/GOYVxwTeGiZwYZvhnk+GdQFJpF3dgyengOeuH6FMWv6m1iMKcOx/q//t8lLlpeWsUc7/HYmEZYDKOfkDPtmV1WW2YXna7aM53Qc4dG4RucQJD3O8xCZ9rxpmOhZ+amdEDPautm/qOi7GHobT+c/LOg51zHoU8FnlPxYLcmFgzJUWA/K/CiBcqI0JC4L2nUiGCh1oAXERNKmoh8xupfA7uNUIunTwPdhlfLzV9BMWm1TgSPFIVQDJg2ykBuKb7iwk6K2Yd1HOv4OjedY6SfXQR25qUohJ2GFjlhp572ZrTCOEEXhd2UA3YTDtjR0QUJOnUZIey6DeyG0OUAXSedXCdB10nIddDJKVTtiECug5Br7yToOiKgI+RaCLjm1j40tfbSjUk9aJD4t9TYJil0teC3Brsu1BB21XUtVDNqqFqqTp+1TaiuaUBVdT1qahvR0tplCn94aAyTvG6FsHrBzTzz6gLzpR50Ov/NMn3946to8U+juHsYWZ1DSOlkiNsxglMdozjWNoxDzYPY3xDCnhoftpT04oOcVryZWotXEyvw5sUafJDdhK1FXdhd4cLeSqqiH3vL+7CfjvFIjRsJTQEkc7+Z/eMo8E6hjKCrGVpAM52d3jermVwmeC7kR9TP2Yr3T+H4wuIyHes8BofH4fGzwulhBcEwv5lhvtozDfRcAQt6Xgt6roCe4Kpj8hQGImHtkOmPJzHv0BFb/fIk5i9TVpjn1rEmCrt40OP1RPUZIOfU5wKe7bicigKPhePTtR5usVoLmZywW5Me/RsxkTYC7sqynVqs1gDnVDy4ObUedBthx5u5Ts5XzDnHnm4Qr9/SWnOAE3rxRZjZigO5z6ToPiL7NMeNnAshZ4+gEOg0Q0ZYsBPoKHsM5XrYeQk7j4HdpAN26gBM0NEJ2LDr9seCrjMCug66uY4I6NrVJmfCVUqQs91cO9VG0LVGQCfINRNwzQxPm6SuNWmZZABIEX5SPcNUOTvBrrKmCZXVjYRbIyHXiBqqqqoelRW1qCivRlVlLZqb29Df78Hg4Aimp+eMC5pn2szz3i4wfyzLPjlIovnl1MvfRRvdEphGrW8SFVSxdxJ5VJZrHOl0fxe7hpDcPoDE1hDONwdwvsmPc40+nKcu8HsilyW3BI1SqItUGtfN6hxEAbcv9UygOjiNhsE5tI4sontCrxG9ZF6bqRdsK4zl12iPE4Fvme5uPfTk95ZWL2FuUVO6z2JgaBT93gDauhj2K7xXmE/otdHtdfapr6L6LAp6YfT79QR3NBrW6gVRejtefOgxj5k2PfJD5SrCGQO2KwBvA/SuoNiHjP8a4NmN7DFi4b+iHFC7gkZZ8NfkgB1h4tT4ZfVZYBdfMXCbdYrnv1481ucCnUOxs4usE9NgDXy2IgAkjNYrBn7xYPZZ5ICddazIcQm6sMQCbaYCol3RzBgDDOXsAeNBwi5wRdhNxIEdXR3dgFxdVwR2nRHYdURg1x4BXRtB12ZCVi/DVQ9lubm4oBPkGrtQ19jJsJQhakNHRApXuUyy4ddiqa6xA9X1rQZ2FVUNqKisp+pQyc8qflaU16C8tBJlJRWoKKtEU0Mz+nv7MRgewszUDObpcheYLvOzhB4L8iLLygqht0qiqB1sgZRh8mCQ8aSP4aVrdBE9LMWdVBtLb9PQDOoHplATGEe1bwy1gUk0hmfRSkB2jK6gdWgRDXJshGOla8yo2j2OWv7d4J9Cc2gG7eE5dA8voH9M019Z065rSKN6PPCQJpTlKRjgSWLyAlG3QOQt8VMAFPgEO4FwfmUF0wuLGOX1BQaHCTSfcXc1DOlrFOqzkmihO+7oVV9FG3p0ed5B80DHRxcfHJlhWKv3zsjlrYeegEejw3O0yg75EeGMgVoEdOrTaH//PMCLQs6xjXSV849YuMURDxofdLYIgU/VZSDnFAv9eo1JBEWsHABkwl1evOmfUbGQs7QBdFT0iZORdfM+DXYWNOLIhopRLPjiSlC6nJZsXYoqLuAc2rAP+ziO8zJznlEhws7Me0bYBTWziGA3NQc/S7SfwPMReN4xwm40vrPrc8JOnX99dHXrYNcegV2bA3atdHQCXQsdXYtAFwldmwm6pmbCromwa4zATnCr72BY2r6m+ogEPwLOAp+lmoZ2VNW2EHaNKK+oQ1l5LcqpCqMalBF2pcVlKCksQRk/G+vq0dfdg6HQAGYnpwi5OWrBPM2cnWJ4O32J8CNQWOAWWG7mKb01jnWDac+zHpZZUZFctPKANZ/ckhl+Z02RzvvA7dUdzEzgQXs2MEW3NrlKXeJ3LqdrJCuZ/1guIwVc+x5nOVUfwElWYlO8vzPLlzBLx8ZDmva7+UurmCONZ0jlmWWe9+qSgZ9AuEwtEHszy8uYmNN07lMMUXl/+t2ob+1AZV0TqhTqN3XQ5fXSdatjto/QCxB6dHkedVlRWDuOIG3tAEOoQZ7MIF2eOiJb0FtzeXYZsrpzrbHIhp1TnxV6znXWKwZ4l5V9MCNC4IqiI/tUEWJXEgv7p8MuIoJmTfFgZys+4Nbrz4FdFHgSzyk+7KyM7dSALQElRitGG0DnFMHkVBRWUeBJa9BbD76Y9ZzbO49hn08UdhbwggSeYBdgCTbvsY3CbpawW3N3bgLPZdzdOIFH2DndncJYH4FHR9DFQtJJd9Ch/nH9sc6uNQ7smj8D7GojoKuubWOoaskGn+365Oykmvo2VNU009U1GNiVlRFyZdVG5aXVhF05igm7ovwiQq8Y9dU16OnoQNjvx/TYGKE3Tc1ihjSbnlikVjAzyRCSUJolkOZYCGmWzJvAnIMYlh2yl0kCD5MfTHLQPJqQeJF/67fL/ZMzk0PT/pf5ZZkr63iL/GOBfywQYPPU3PISZpcIuqUFTNGKStOMwWcJwHnuQU9uZ1YIO5J6eGoagRHeL1/AvK6yurEVpdX1KGeYX93QhsZWhrVdHnT0+ExXIPV9lMvTaBcBz2rHmzNPa+XyLOhFXB6B53xq+2cBT3LCLrLMuc56fWpI+/lgJ8UDXDxF4BZPTtA5RWjEFRPt/yzgSeuhFy+cjYGeseSsrXkuTq2H3uXA53RSn9XhxYWd5AQZ5YSc3lvg1AbYsVTFB54FPRt4cnjBiMMT8BTO+ifm4LMdXhR4zgcV8R1etwN4nRHgddAttLMAmb5z3QReDPRsd7cWyjYxlG1kKNtA4MVAT47O6e5s2Dkdng28WgKP4WyZHF6ZA3qlVSgpKifsilGQW8DPQlSXV6K9uRnevj4M0+WND41gYmQCU4T9FO3VzOQKXR5BReel8JaMMU89P+8/dW1hZGn6Av9r/lkw1Kwo6m13iUC1pN53cnO2BLtZxuDjtKQDExPwhMO8N140dXWjqqkFJVV1KGCaFCvcr2thWNsdAZ7fdPCWw+vhvVQHcQt4lsPbCDzL4VnAE+wkljPxJsKc9bCz5YReXF59ij69DY8HWHtEzJP6TIoHuHhaBzqHNsDOFoERX4RaXBFilF5LeDl9KvR0MyJyPqjY2IZng8/WFeDHa4mB23oxDZyy2tQIJSkGUhu1HmyX1YZt7eNEjhuBsA08Iyf0FNKuhx5dnrMNTy7P2YbXb0PPPJkdtsa5RqCnIWDroWc6Dm8Iawm99v61J7KCXguhZ7fhqY3O0Y5nZLffUdYDjIgIvVqGtNV1raisbkJ5Zb0FPdvp0eEVE3iFBF4+gZefm4/yklI01Nahq60d3n4XBvxBhrfDGCPcJ1nABbx5Orsllp8V2bU/A3aya2bQg4AnayfoSX/Ovj7ln3a5TLGIY4p0HpxkJTUwgNa+flS30NXV1qOgvAo5dLrZheWEXg1dXrNpB9V9UWfvrn7Cjvevl/dSQ/+84QkDPI1GCUdDWsIuArwN7k7li+m1AXZ0xkaRvy0OUU5GOeSEWzx9ZuDZ7XTxARdP8QB3JTlgZ4sFP64IjCtDzhaBdlnFdluJ7bpC6EXkhJ1T9k36NPhJBn7ztizYXVG89hjAObUBUha4YhQPbk7F2cbAzgE8A70I8Ixs6BF4VntTpC3PtOPFQs+/DnprDy4i0zWFCL2gBb1eB/S6I9DrIvQ0LEzQcz6hlduzOxTbDy4EPjvEVVcU8/BCT2EjT2rN09rIpxFdiSUCMvJd0KthiGZcXnWjeWihtjy148nlFbOgFxB4uTkFVB6KCopQRZfXWN+AzrYOuHpdCHhDGCLMJ0ZnGdIybJyiYyL01I6np7YGWuv+yfWt0FEtEzKLi4tYmF9g+DvPMJjQnJ7D9BTFNJ3W6A2m7wzTeZbh4DxBsThPxybnGAGiGQJLaq0sq1vMqtHqirRCl8hjMExd1rFI0csxU8tZ5BEm8Lq8PlQ1tyC3tBzpDOVTcwuRmlOI9DymQ3EVQ9sm1DGNVRl19gXp7gZMB3FN3KAZazRdl+Yp3AC8z+PubNg5oPdpwJOc+1qvzwg8C3ZOxYecUw6YsUBdUY51x+LJfkq7Xkys+IoHOFsbQbdea+Cz9VnhR9lPsXl+0b6JDsV0Ol4vXusVxbT6XLoC4NZEB2rLATujKITXoGcUgZ6Z/slAj26PhTHIghkg8Kxxs2vQs/rhWQ8w3Kz5zTx1EeiZ6Zsi0OuJQG89+Mx4WDNcLDKSIgK+Nht8kY7GBn4GgISfJADaarucCMYWuUGFtq0GeuqWovC2nKGbnF5xcQUKCkqQS4eXk52H/LwChrklqCT06ul+2ls60Ncj6A1giNc3NjyLCZbQKdOWZ4HPDm3VR08zMC0tMYxcWMIcw8eZmVlMTU1jQnPrjU1gdGQcw8NjGBqiBm1xGSuNEabjGNN0gmmsF2PPEB6zvA+zvA8zMwynZ7S/OQPN2Vl1meGnLR5rblFDyTZCT3+TKZhcWoJ3aBiNDGPzK6qQlJWDc2mZOJ+WhcT0XFzMKUJOUSXDWxt4arsbQLeG+2mMM8NZd2gcvsEpaPbp0Nh8BHh0jjHujqCz3R3Ly6fCTuJyJ7zi8oq6HOykzwA8ntBlFB90DrFAfWaxQF8WeBKBcEVFQGfrzwHdem0E35rsztDxtAa9WMUDoBGvz3piF6u1/osU0yhW3N8GxVtvTZ8Gu/WKhR5F2NmzGWuCz+icdxHoWTOjOKBnxs/OwDdC6A0TekPUYCz0+hne9gU1b93wRvBFoPep4LPhFxXhJwgaMfS9jJql9j40EnoKb01fvBjoKbwl8EqqUFBYhrw8Fna5PIKvgK6nuKgU5WWVqK6qQ0N9M1oJzp4uN/w8/9GhGdOOp/H4n+efwKPJStR2Z4HRkr5LWq7fzbr8VDufLf1mbXeJsmYvXuLGK/xRm5h9U0vccI47mzQPJqbgHQyjw+VCbWsbiqtrkFNShrT8QiRn5+JCRrZRYkYukrMKkJZH8Jcw1K9pQR3ddCuB12kDTxM7BMbMNF6aeXoNeHR3BJ5xd9OE3WXc3RVhF5ETXnF5RTnXWa8rAM9RWAmvK2kj6JxaB7ZPEwt3XODZIiA2ipBzKDoSQ/ozYRcjpoce919J9k2zxOt2KCYtJaaRZE+QcEVFYfZ5FB94tmJgtw5yG0TQ2VoPvkEDPcpAj3JALzpDCqHnj0LPBh+hN6iX5IwTfBb0+iNur4/Q0zx2vb5BAz41ggt8ahDvcgXNk0CBz0wQ0Ouz4NfjtUQAWiIAryhCkWCSWjTMrIPQaxX01FdvDXoKb+XyShjWFtLl5ReUIpfQy80rNMoj9AoKilFI91dEIJYUV6Kyoh5tDJf9niFMji9+buB93n+L3L/6+WmyggXe1/kFOr45uj29Z4MwG2d4Or+gTicW7BZIxImZGTM9fbfbjbrWVuSVldHBpePQqdPYceAQdh0+ioOnzuBU0kUkZuYihaFsam4xQ9syZNHdFVTQ/da1c9t+A7wOAzzdMwFv3Mxd6CPwA6Nz5sVKBnhTgt1aV5TLujsH3Jh8Rs5lkg0vE31y2xhFltvrrNdVGiWxoUCuFwveZ9FG2DkVB26XUzzQxSgWcOu1BjwLVnEVgRnNyNr423jrXUbxoOeUfRM3imkRSa8rimn25+izQY+ZLh7cLicH9KKasxQFH4FnwEfoWdNCEXyEXpAJGzDQc4LPgp7HQE/TsRN8EbfXb9xeBHz+OOBzO8DXT/D16QlhrDpsCYhx1G5kQVIAbOmKQM84vTXoVdY2oZyhbalcXmmVBb1CQi+/GNm5hcii28vMzkdmVh4yM/ORRQeUk13EkJfwK6pmyNuAuppWNDd2oaOtHz10pS6CW4PwNc1SYGAEIYar4eEJDI5MYnh0CsNj0+ZTf4cZwg4wlB0YGjffwwxnpYCmWOe2mqzA/kdjZ7qjLK7QvZGAUwxpJ6dnMDI2jp6+fgK8FmVVVSilCkpLkVVQgNRsure0NCQkJeP4ufM4fDoBB0+e5udZHD+fhNMpaTifkUOnV0jHx22Kq5BfXo8SXlOVugGpP2Q3XXcfnbhmsfGNwhXU090pMy2/3kESIrH0Ok0LeHJ3zH827Gx3x3IRF3a8PMm5XLLL0gbg2csiWitzazLAW68/F3hGLGzxgWcrDuDiiutyf9YMslcQzy9Wa1D6NLE8xlW8da8oJmTUjl9B8W7ABumGxig2/dYD7vJipqI2wI4Ac8qG2vrllrS+Q3TTTsWAj9AbnImAz0CPbo/QCzFBDfSi4LOg55Pbi4S4FvjGo+BzRRxfv8DHULcvAj49Aezxhgk/C3xR+H0uEZJSv5yJwOhDW4+Hbs8BPYamFvSsoWZR6MnplVQij24um04vg7BLJRAupmXjYmo2Ui5mITk5A2fPpODE8bM4dOAk9u89ikMHT/Lvczh79iKSU7KRlp7PbYu4D4aHeurJkLmorAYlejpcyWNVEir8XsxlRaXV5jd9L1Z7IqW/8wjfi5l5SLhwEafPJVNJOHX2Ak4knMORE6dw4PAR7Nq7D9t27sSO3Xuwe99+bN+zB5t37MRmLtuyaze27d2LXQcP4sDxEwZ4Zy+mMWwl4LJy6exycD7dkoCXwfPMK6fbJewqGrpQ09KHhg4vWno0caraXVVB6d7pfk7DP6w3yTmBx3wSgd3wLPOncXfM3xLzvSkjzO+2bNgZ4DmgZ8pEpKysB9x6RcuUQ3GB59TnAt66Qre+sP5Z4n6digs9IyYIE8+puHByaD3o4inedgLcp8kJus+ijaD7LIqkEbU+7aNTOxnI2YoHtcvJuV0cOeE3R/gJfLMEH6E3aKBHt0fo6WUuoYlYtxeQ2xsh+Ag9H92ewOeNgM8TAZ8m2BT4zPsp6Pr6I+Bbgx/BF4HfBnkvo8jv3R7Ckupy0yUSfgKfHF8rQ92WTs2qookGus1oAvP0tq4FFQRfWXUDQVSLQro9QS8rj2FelqCXa6CXTOAlJqXjzNlknDhxDocPncL+fcewj9Az4vf9B07g4OHTOHLsLI6dEqCScPx0Io6epMMiJA8ePY0DRwQsbnuYwJQOncA+hw4cOYmDx7jeUa5zRMuOYc9BAm7/Iezce4DaH9E+ai927NmL7YTeFoJu0/bt2LRjRwR4+wi8Q9hP4B07cw4JyalWex3D2ETCVErKLjDuLqeU8K1qRnlDJ6oJu/p2D5q6NHHqADrdanvVQyi5dVVkur+838zYejG6Xpo+SHdnAY9cMe6O+ZdlyQaRE3YCXAzs1gNP4jbxILde9v5tfSrwoiJU4kLOqbgFb61Q/qvE/cfTenBExcT8Pwt6RtxnPLB9XkXPL3IDP6tiQbdeTIuI1tKdsCOYbFmgWge1SHiqzw2/Rbdx7of7XS+TP7jeBujR7RF6YQM9p9tTQVhze5cHn+36BD7b9UXAZ7s+vxrKHeLfmrHjSrK20RvJBEzCj1oDnxXqCnzNkclA61u7UNdM8DUSfAxzKxjmllbV02VVG5eVnV+CzJwiA76L6bmEHoFBl3f+QppxdKdPJ+EY4XaALm/3niPYvuMAtu88iJ38vpsA3L3/OLbvOoRPtuzBex9tw5vvfoI33v4Ib7zzEd6U3v2Y3z/E629/gNfeet98vv3+J/jgk23YvH0PYcb97d5PmO3Bpm078cnWHdi6czfd3X6C8AgOHTtudOAIgUvXt5fax+/7tez4SdNud5SwO3E+EaeTLuJsKs+dri6J15PC60oroJstqUZBZSNK69pR1dyLunY3Grv8aO3V6BiNllEXown0h+TYZ+Clu/OTLkFmXAFvgOFsLPAII5apKwFvgyK/RfM8t4kHuE/T5wKerbgZX4opcBvlLJh/tngcO5HWKwZ4tpio6yG3Xhvg5hT3cSXFg9oG8QZ9FsXc9M+gy0LP3A8nqNbBzoacAd5yzN/xYWfv8zJi/jDgI/QM+Ag9NU4b8Bnoxbq9EBNdbs+Aj24vEAGfPwI+n8A3NEn4EXxR16d3xUZcX4jgE/yCenesADhkPs3fn1HaRrIBKPjpBT42+Np6GeZ2M8w14NOsKnR8LZ2oaWpHJUPdsupGFNPt5TMcVVhqgy8ts2ANfEkZOEfwJSjEPUUXx7D20JEEuje6s0On6dxOYR9BuIfQ20UHuH33IYagB7B1x/6otu3Yx09q+15sIeCkrTvo2HbJwR0kMA9Th7BrHyEacXe79h3AngOHDPAOHDlG10gJfCdO4ggBdyzhDE4whD11IYmujpC7mI7zaZl0dwJdnvWQgteTUUig09nlE3YldW2obOpBbQR2LYRdu4Gd5jK0YOcOz8AzpFdrLvCeLvIeL/F+L/Per7DyY76YYR5xAo9lw5TbSH6O6jLAi8nv3G49zD6L/izgXRZ8KmyfImfB/Oxad7GRC46nuNCTmMDrQbdenwd0lxXPbb3iwe2zakNmiCMrTSJpFb0fcYDnBBvlnOMu5jezvnN7e5/av328iPQ3ZX5XPnFCz3Z707FuzwKf2nds8FlhbhR8po1PDd8R8A1FwDdI8IUj4Bsg+CTCL6oByVruvoKc21kAFPzk/gg+nxXydrodoa5514XLTAHfQNcn8FXT8VXUNtPtNaCovBYFpXR8RRXIoSPK1BPNLEIjnfBIzUGydJEwoRJTsnEuMRMJ59JwMiEFx08l4cTpZJwiFBPOpeKsnKERv59PxZnzF6mUNam97kwitzmHoycSGAafwhHpBJ3aScLsVIJpwzt0jKHzUbo4wu4QQ9ajXH7i7HkkJCbjXEoqEtMzkZKVg9TcfKTlFSI9n+dcIMgxVKdzzdH1VNShsKrJwK6iqRu1bS40CHYMYwW7TgM7Tc2vFy/pbXNzdHcLdHeLdPBLvLfLdPZrwBsk8BjtXhl48WAn2fnNoXhA2yCt59BVa/PKM7NeSczQl1O0QLDAfVaZwrm0TvZyo40XeFnxwtYrLvSo9ZBbr88NOx7/X6t4oIunmIyxTjbsbDlhJ8UAzWgNdhuAxxB1bVvtK7Jfc5zLiGkhxbi92fhuLwo+JmAs+Ow2PkLPwG/aAT+Bz4bf+Br81skzaMta5/JybGcgSPhpVl8n/Da4Pm/03Rf1bXQ7zZ2oaiAM6potx1dZj8IyOiK5PsIvW9048uj8cgmSnGJkZAuERbiYUYCk1DxcSBb8snA+Kct8T0oRHOkOCcgkOsSki1lclulQBoGZjgtJqXSOAmASTp+9QFAmmu9nLyTjbGIKlYwzcm8MU6UzSck4L8ilZSAlMxupOXlIJ+QyC4uRXVyGnBIBrhK5CtPpWgsI8eIawrxeoOtCdWsf6jo8aOoJoLU/jHbPMLp8NuxmCLs5uIfmDex8zAx+EipA2AXp7kKTKwTe6uWBx7wTk5c/K+wk5bcryV7PIQt4DuhdEX7M9FdSPLBdVgTcRvGkpDgnejlFE4EXuF7xgCeZMNMBuagiv22A2uXE4/7PUDzYrVdMJpF4PpcFnnm44AQaATdH0DkU+7tjW3ufPIatDcemnPdAmdmCHmWeylnQ05Aiub0o+IzbiwM+2/WNqS+X4BcB30gEfAZ+BJ8R4RWRlhkNr0nrr1f098j6ZntB0ABwzQFaoa8Fv269s9YdNK7PAp8LjR1r4KtuVKjbinK5PsKvhPArKqdDMgBUe59C30pkF1QQguWEYBnSs0uRllXCMLiYKkKqlEFnSCCmZqhNMM+ExxfT9SQ4Bylp2VSWpdRMgjHDKIXhaAod28WMLO4jm/vMQVp2LtIFNjq4jLwCZBYUIUuAKypFDiGnIWN5ZZXIL69CQWUNnVwdimoUuurBBK9FM0C38fo6BTq5uhDa3HJ1o+j2a1r+KfQNEHaDgt0CvCyMvtElwm7ZwC4wsULgrTiAdwmDDGc13dVlgeeEXETOfOdUlAHKb+vl/H2dLgu8uNBjxr+i4oEtni4HOqfinOyVZBKCF7te62EnRdvW4sDO1ga4rReP9z9b8UDnlBM4ui4n8NSX0YbdBuCtg93lgcd7Y++Px5Bijsn7ZORYZqe7DT11P7CgpzaciNtzQs8R5q6BLwK9cUHPAp+BHmWgZxQBXxRu1t9aviZrXb0r1dba9tY+1kBoAzACP+MA15yfwNfj0+whDHfp+NrNax09aGaoGwVfCyHR1IGqKPxaUFbTZMadllTJAardTyEwVWapsJSusKQOBcW1yC8iHIv0BFhdXyqQW1BOEU56SmpUQhU7VMTfKYIsr6gE+cWlKCgp4z4reIxKFFVU8Zg1lqosFVXVxqq6DiW1jXRzBJ0ezBDeNW29BB1D+B5eo+YndIfR4aWr81vtdb0MYfsZwroG5+Ghq/OywAp2PsLOP75C4FmwCxJ2mr/PAI/uTvP6GeCZvBHJK4684wSdZOe5eIqWfeU1p5y/xdEa8D4L9JjxryjC7DNB79NgZyvOCV9JJjGUiA6th52tKNziwE7aADineJzPK5bpuMs/TfFAZ8sJGl3TBuBFYDcSAzMqHvDm1n4328QAj/vmMaTLZU57eTTtncCLhLdr0Fvn9OJBb+IK0Bt1AGuDuJy/+2Nkbbcmx29cfw2E3H4D/KyQ14Le0Br0Ii/ujoa5DvDVtXajRq5P8JNbYthbyfCwUg3/dfzbiL9FVFnbjoqaNpRXE5BVDI/1RJRgLK2oR4n6vpXXUjVUtUNVKOVnaUU1169BOeFVTnhV1NRz3408bhNdZwsB3MrzUEfhFp4HoVbfhDL+XioJdFQZYVfR1M7QtQt1Gmqnlxtpei5XCB0eTdI6gm69NjOot8vpbXMW7NwR2HlHly3YjVmws9zdKoG3ihBhN0B3twF4dj65XH6i7Dy3XjHlnvv4rLCT/qcA71Oh9/8nwBPkLqd4619O8WAnReEj8bw+E/AEts8BPGtf3DePIa3PnOs7hlrnYcm4POary7s8KgI8K7wl8OwHGpQd3urtZya8/VToWbCLBd562DnlWC8Kvo3QUzufQty+oJ7qKry1urJ0OJ2eadvrR0M73ZHt9mzoNQp8a6pWXzZ13m0gGKX6rgj42gisVlRUE0xV6vBMGGlSUk1ZpYkMKmotVVoykKMqCLpKga62AVX1mpyzGbWEXF1LG+HbznNp57nQvXFZJcFXTsCVEXwGenU8TgNhqK43ek2l+iF2E+KanksvUtKLlfyj6AnqpUuTDGOtBxRqs/MML0bcnYC3EnV3AcHu/yrgScpr8ZZvEPD/A4cX1v6Yi9zcAAAAAElFTkSuQmCC)  
---|---  
  
With regard to the “V” device, I agreed with the PAR and the defendant that it
does not detract from the distinctiveness of the defendant’s “VAGISIL” word
marks. In Caesarstone at [38], the Court of Appeal stated that where a device
is not of a complicated nature and is simple and does not evoke any particular
concept in the eyes of the average consumer, the device is “more likely to be
perceived as a decorative element rather than as an element indicating
commercial origin”. In my view, the “V” device clearly fell within this
description. It is simple. It will more likely be perceived as a decorative
element, and not as an indication of the source of the goods. Consumers are
likely to pay greater attention to the word “VAGISIL” and, in particular, the
“SIL” component of the marks.

69 To reiterate, I agreed with the PAR that the “VAGISIL” Marks possess normal
distinctive character for the reasons set out at [24]–[25] above. Therefore,
the requisite threshold was crossed. For the reasons I have stated above at
[53]–[55], I found that there is a likelihood of confusion under s 8(2)(b) of
the Act. For the very same reasons, I found that the use of the plaintiff’s
“VAGISAN” Mark would amount to a misrepresentation that creates a likelihood
of confusion.

Likelihood of damage to the defendant’s goodwill

70 The PAR found that there is a real likelihood of damage arising from the
diversion of custom, having regard to the similarity of goods sold and the
likelihood of confusion: at [97] of the GD. The plaintiff relied on its
arguments against a finding of misrepresentation to assert that there is no
likelihood of damage. On the other hand, the defendant relied on the similar
field of business activity giving rise to direct competition and the similar
marks to argue that there is a real likelihood of damage.

71 In Hai Tong at [118], the Court of Appeal held that there would likely be
diversion of sales of “Lady Rose” products if consumers were to believe that
“Rose Lady” cosmetic products were the goods of Hai Tong or were otherwise
associated with or connected with Hai Tong. Similarly, in Uni-Charm at [26]),
the High Court, having concluded that there was significant similarity between
the “CAREFREE” and “CAREREE” marks and the relevant goods (ie, hygiene
products), held that there was a likelihood of damage.

72 Given the parties’ direct competition in the same lines of products, the
similarity of the marks, and the existence of a likelihood of confusion, I
found that there is a real likelihood of damage to the defendant’s goodwill
arising from the diversion of custom if consumers from the relevant segment of
the public are led to believe that goods bearing the “VAGISIL” Marks are the
goods of or are connected or associated with the plaintiff. I agreed with the
PAR that the element of likelihood of damage to the defendant’s goodwill is
made out.

Conclusion

73 For these reasons, the ground for declaring the plaintiff’s “VAGISAN” Mark
invalid under s 23(3)(b) read with s 8(7)(a) of the Act was established.

Whether the registration of the plaintiff’s “VAGISAN” Mark should be declared
invalid under s 23(3)(a)(iii) read with s 8(4)(b)(i) of the Act

74 As stated at [14] above, this appeal did not strictly concern the outcome
of the third ground. The plaintiff, however, challenged a finding made by the
PAR within this ground. Therefore, I deal with this briefly. Sections
8(4)(b)(i) and 23(3)(a)(iii) of the Act respectively state:

8. …

(4) Subject to subsection (5), where an application for registration of a
trade mark is made on or after 1st July 2004, if the whole or an essential
part of the trade mark is identical with or similar to an earlier trade mark,
the later trade mark shall not be registered if —

(a) the earlier trade mark is well known in Singapore; and

(b) use of the later trade mark in relation to the goods or services for which
the later trade mark is sought to be registered —

(i) would indicate a connection between those goods or services and the
proprietor of the earlier trade mark, and is likely to damage the interests of
the proprietor of the earlier trade mark;

…

23. …

(3) The registration of a trade mark may be declared invalid on the ground —

(a) that there is an earlier trade mark in relation to which —

…

(iii) where the trade mark has been registered pursuant to an application for
registration of the trade mark made on or after 1st July 2004, the conditions
set out in section 8(4) apply …

75 Under s 8(4)(b)(i) of the Act, the defendant must establish that the
defendant’s “VAGISIL” Marks are well known in Singapore, that the whole or an
essential part of the defendant’s “VAGISIL” Marks are either identical or
similar to the plaintiff’s “VAGISAN” Mark, that the use of the plaintiff’s
“VAGISAN” Mark in relation to the goods claimed would indicate a connection
between its goods and the defendant, and that the interests of the defendant
are likely to be damaged as a result.

76 While the plaintiff supported the PAR’s finding that the defendant’s
“VAGISIL” Marks are not well-known, the plaintiff disagreed with the PAR’s
finding at [74] of the GD that the marks are similar. Both parties repeated
their submissions in respect of mark similarity here. In Staywell at [120],
the Court of Appeal agreed that a finding on mark similarity under s 8(2)(b)
of the Act would naturally lead to a finding of mark similarity under s
8(4)(b)(i) of the Act. In a similar vein, the High Court in Rovio at [146]
held that there was no difference between the two marks-similarity analyses.
Consistent with my finding that the marks in question are similar under s
8(2)(b), I found that the marks are likewise similar under s 8(4)(b)(i) of the
Act.

Conclusion

77 By the above, I agreed with the PAR that the registration of the “VAGISAN”
Mark should be declared invalid on the first two grounds relied on by the
defendant.

78 Accordingly, I dismissed the appeal. I ordered the plaintiff to pay costs
of the appeal fixed at $7,500 (inclusive of disbursements) to the defendant.

Hoo Sheau Peng

Judge of the High Court

Tang Li Ling Yvonne, Ruby Tham and Edsmond Cheong Qi Yi (Drew & Napier LLC)
for the plaintiff;  
Goh En-Ci Gloria and Soon Jia Ling Amanda (Sun Jianing) (Allen & Gledhill LLP)
for the defendant.

  

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 01 Mar 2021 (10:55 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

