Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC 268

Suit No 625 of 2019

Between

| Lyu Jun  
---|---  
|  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| Wei Ho-Hung  
---|---  
|  
  
… Defendant

judgment

[Contract] — [Intention to create legal relations]

[Gifts] — [Inter vivos]

[Gifts] — [Presumptions against] — [Resulting trusts]

[Restitution] — [Unjust enrichment]

[Trusts] — [Quistclose trusts]

[Trusts] — [Resulting trusts] — [Presumed resulting trusts]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Lyu Jun

  
v

  

Wei Ho-Hung

[2021] SGHC 268

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 625 of 2019  
Philip Jeyaretnam J  
22–26, 29–31 March, 1 April, 18 June, 28 September 2021

26 November 2021 Judgment reserved.

Philip Jeyaretnam J:

Introduction

1 Some solace for the parties embroiled in this action is that they loved each
other fiercely. Their love burned hot and fast, dying out before they could
marry as they had vowed to do. This court is left to rake through the ashes to
decide what belongs to each of them as they part ways. Without the benefit of
matrimonial law to guide this exercise, it is property law to which we turn.

2 It helps in answering the question of ownership that they exchanged reams of
messages. At times, interpreting those messages presents something of a
challenge, not so much because they were written in Chinese, and had to be
translated for the court, but because they were written in the language of
love: larded with vows, suffused with sacrifice and stirred from time to time
by anger or resentment. Such language is not always easy to render into the
dry language of property law.

3 The story of their love is what has to be deciphered. Is it, as the
defendant says, a classic tale of a lover who, having made lavish gifts as an
expression of his love, is now seeking to claw them back? 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Defendant’s closing submissions dated 31 May 2021 (“DCS”) at para 2.

Or did the plaintiff transfer moneys to the defendant for the purpose of their
intended new life together – to buy a home, a car and various incidentals or
investments – without any intention of making a gift of the moneys or the
assets purchased with those moneys?

Facts

The parties

4 The plaintiff, Lyu Jun, is a national of the People’s Republic of China
(“PRC”). 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Lyu Jun’s affidavit of evidence-in-chief dated 3 March 2021 (“Lyu’s AEIC”) at
para 5.

I shall refer to him as Mr Lyu. Mr Lyu is a dentist by profession. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 4) dated 29 September 2021 at para 1.

He retired after selling his shares in a dental hospital in the PRC for
RMB80,000,000. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Lyu’s AEIC at para 6; Wei Ho-Hung’s affidavit of evidence-in-chief dated 2
March 2021 (“Wei’s AEIC”) at para 47; Transcript, 23 March 2021, p 42 lines
10–13.

During the events in question, Mr Lyu was based in Beijing.

5 The defendant, Wei Ho-Hung, was originally a PRC national, but is now a
citizen of both the Republic of China and Grenada. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Wei’s AEIC at para 8.

I shall refer to her as Ms Wei. In 2014, she incorporated a medical technology
company in Singapore, Hong-Shuo Medical Technologic (SG) Pte Ltd (“Hong-Shuo
Medical Singapore”), and relocated to Singapore holding an employment pass as
its chief executive officer. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Wei’s AEIC at para 14.

Background to the dispute

6 Mr Lyu and Ms Wei first met at a medical conference in March 2016, and
thereafter became romantically involved. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Lyu’s AEIC at para 7; Wei’s AEIC at para 21.

They soon formed an intention for Mr Lyu to relocate to Singapore, where they
were to marry and build a life together. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Lyu’s AEIC at para 33; Wei’s AEIC at paras 34 and 53.

7 During the course of their relationship, Mr Lyu transferred large sums of
money to Ms Wei: according to him, about S$8,000,000, 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 4) dated 29 September 2021 at para 7; Lyu’s
AEIC at paras 20 and 21.

but Ms Wei only admits to receiving almost S$7,000,000. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Defence (Amendment No 1) dated 26 February 2021 at paras 10(c) and (h).

8 The moneys were used to purchase a number of assets in Singapore in Ms Wei’s
name, as well as for certain other purposes. Some purposes do not appear to
have been carried out. The assets and purposes with which these proceedings
are concerned are: 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 4) dated 29 September 2021 at para 10.

(a) an apartment located at Leedon Heights (the “D’Leedon apartment”);

(b) a Mercedes-Benz GLC250 (the “Car”);

(c) the discharge of a mortgage taken out by Ms Wei over a property at Bartley
Ridge (the “Bartley mortgage”), which may not have happened;

(d) a surrogacy procedure in the US, which did not happen (the “US
surrogacy”);

(e) an option to purchase an apartment in Cairnhill, which was granted but not
exercised (the “Cairnhill option”);

(f) an investment into a dental clinic, which did not happen (the “first
clinic investment”);

(g) applications for Grenadian citizenship for Ms Wei and her four children
from previous relationships (“Grenadian citizenship”);

(h) a shop at Marne Road (the “Marne Road shop”);

(i) an investment into a second dental clinic, which did not happen (the
“second clinic investment”).

9 Their relationship seems to have severely deteriorated from about September
2018, 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Lyu’s AEIC at para 85; Wei’s AEIC at para 96.

and certainly came to an end by 17 May 2019 when Mr Lyu was arrested as the
result of a complaint made by Ms Wei to the police. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Lyu’s AEIC at para 104.

That complaint and others made by her against Mr Lyu never resulted in any
prosecution. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Lyu’s AEIC at para 115.

Procedural history

10 On 24 May 2019, a few days after Mr Lyu’s arrest, Ms Wei commenced suit
against him by HC/S 515/2019. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Bundle of Affidavits Volume 3 (“3 BA”) at p 1037.

She sought the return of S$300,000, which she alleged she had transferred to
him to facilitate his opening of a bank account in Singapore. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

3 BA at pp 1040–1041.

She pleaded it was not a gift; rather, it was held on constructive or
resulting trust for her by Mr Lyu. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

3 BA at p 1043.

She applied for and was granted a freezing order ex parte, 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

3 BA at pp 1629–1631.

which was discharged on 7 August 2020. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Plaintiff’s closing submissions dated 31 May 2021 (“PCS”) at para 41.

Ms Wei discontinued this earlier suit on 23 November 2020. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

3 BA at p 1632.

11 Mr Lyu commenced these proceedings on 26 June 2019. His case in its
essentials has not changed, namely that he transferred large sums of money to
Ms Wei that were not intended as gifts, and so they, and the assets purchased
with those moneys, were held on resulting or constructive trust for him. He
pleaded specific transfers totalling about RMB40,000,000 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Statement of Claim dated 26 June 2019 at para 7.

and the specific purposes for which the moneys were used. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Statement of Claim dated 26 June 2019 at para 10.

12 Strikingly, in her original defence, Ms Wei denied both the transfers and
the purposes, admitting only that she had received some monetary gifts whose
amount she did not specify. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Defence dated 6 March 2020 at paras 10 and 14.

She confirmed and elaborated on her denials in two interlocutory affidavits.
24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Wei Ho-Hung’s affidavit dated 8 July 2019 at paras 20, 28, 32, 46, 47 and 57;
Wei Ho-Hung’s affidavit dated 27 April 2020 at paras 29 and 32.

For example, she said on oath that no payment was made using moneys belonging
to Mr Lyu towards the purchase price of the D’Leedon apartment, the Car or the
Cairnhill option. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Wei Ho-Hung’s affidavit dated 9 July 2019 at paras 28, 32 and 47.

13 It was only in February 2021, about a year and eight months after the
proceedings commenced, that Ms Wei amended her defence to admit receiving
almost S$7,000,000 and to plead that this money, as well as any assets
purchased with it, were meant as gifts to her. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Defence (Amendment No 1) dated 26 February 2021 at para 10.

This was only about a month before the trial, which took place in March and
April 2021.

14 While Mr Lyu’s case remained substantially the same throughout, the relief
that he sought was overly broad and did not fully match the case as it had
narrowed following discovery and evidence at trial. I raised with his counsel
at the original oral closing submissions on 18 June 2021 that the relief
claimed lacked precision. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Transcript, 18 June 2021, p 105 lines 3–29.

This led to Mr Lyu’s filing an application on 23 July 2021 to amend the relief
sought by his statement of claim, with no change to the body of the pleading.
After hearing parties on 30 August 2021, I allowed the bulk of these
amendments and permitted Ms Wei’s counsel’s request to file a further round of
submissions, limited to the changes made to the relief sought, with a final
reply given to Mr Lyu’s counsel.

The parties’ cases

15 Mr Lyu’s case is that he had transferred moneys to Ms Wei so that they
could build a life together in Singapore, with the D’Leedon apartment and the
Car. These were not gifts and belonged to him, though Ms Wei had the benefit
of being able to use them. He also contended that he later transferred
additional moneys to her for the purpose of discharging the Bartley mortgage
on the shared basis that they would marry. As they did not marry and she did
not in fact discharge the Bartley mortgage, she had to return those moneys to
him. Subsequently, at her request he transferred moneys for three projects,
namely the Cairnhill option, the US surrogacy and the first clinic investment,
all of which were not ultimately executed; therefore, Ms Wei had to return
those moneys, or in the case of the Cairnhill option, account for the rental
she received in subletting the property. Later, she asked him for financial
help in connection with her application for Grenadian citizenship for herself
and her children, and he contended that the money he transferred to her for
this purpose was a loan that she had to repay. Then there was the Marne Road
shop, in relation to which he claims a resulting trust in proportion to his
contribution to its purchase. Finally, there was a second clinic investment
that was mooted but did not materialise, and he seeks a refund of the moneys
he transferred to her for that purpose. Mr Lyu also claims that Ms Wei
unlawfully removed and retained a Rolex watch belonging to him, and seeks
either the delivery up of the watch or a payment equal to its purchase price.

16 Mr Lyu’s case in essence is that these transfers were not made as gifts. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 4) dated 29 September 2021 at para 8.

He accepts that he had made certain other gifts to her, such as watches and
luxury bags. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 4) dated 29 September 2021 at para 8.

At times, his case veered into the suggestion that Ms Wei had seduced him for
his money. He even called her former husband, Mr Lu Chia-Ying (“Mr Lu”), as a
witness to attest to how he too believed he had been cheated by her.
Ultimately this line of argument was not pursued, beyond the submission that
Ms Wei is no stranger to court proceedings. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

PCS at para 84.

17 Ms Wei’s case is simple: everything was meant as a gift of love to her. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Defence (Amendment No 1) dated 26 February 2021 at paras 10 and 12.

While she messaged a sort of IOU for the moneys needed for the applications
for Grenadian citizenship, 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents Volume 2 (“2 AB”) 669–670.

she argued that there was no intention to create legal relations, as would
have been necessary for a contract of loan. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

DCS at paras 211 and 215.

Issues to be determined

18 I will start with a brief overview of the relevant legal principles, before
determining the issues in this case by reference to the assets or purposes of
expenditure in the following (broadly chronological) order:

(a) the D’Leedon apartment;

(b) the Car;

(c) the discharge of the Bartley mortgage;

(d) the three projects: the Cairnhill option, the first clinic investment and
the US surrogacy;

(e) the application for Grenadian citizenship;

(f) the Marne Road shop;

(g) the second clinic investment; and

(h) the Rolex watch.

Brief overview of legal principles

19 I will consider the legal principles under the following heads:

(a) gifts;

(b) presumed resulting trusts and common intention constructive trusts;

(c) failed purpose trusts;

(d) unjust enrichment; and

(e) intention to create legal relations.

Gifts

20 The law relating to gifts has been recently recapitulated by the Court of
Appeal in Toh Eng Tiah v Jiang Angelina and another appeal [2021] SGCA 17, at
[52]–[53]. Briefly, a valid gift between living people is made where there is
both the intention to gift, and delivery of the precise subject matter of the
gift. Intention refers to the donor’s subjective intention, which must be
assessed as of the time of the transfer. Once a gift has been made (ie,
delivery has been completed with the requisite intention), the donor cannot
revoke the gift. There are however recognised grounds, such as undue
influence, fraud or mistake, on the basis of which a gift may be set aside.

Presumed resulting trusts and common intention constructive trusts

21 A presumed resulting trust comes into existence where a person transfers
property or purchases it in the name of another who pays nothing for it, and
without the intention to make a gift of it. The registered legal owner holds
the property on trust for the benefit of the first person. The word
“resulting” bears its older meaning of “springing back” – thus, although the
legal title carries across, the beneficial interest springs back. It is the
funder’s lack of intention to benefit the recipient that gives rise to the
resulting trust.

22 It follows that the court’s task, just as it is with gifts, is to discern
the intention of the transferor from any direct evidence, per the Court of
Appeal in Chan Yuen Lan v See Fong Mun [2014] 3 SLR 1048 (“Chan Yuen Lan”) at
[52].

23 Where there is no direct evidence of the transferor’s intention, resort may
be had to the rebuttable presumption of advancement, which traditionally has
been relied on in the context of established patriarchal categories of
protection, namely that of a husband for his wife and a father for his child,
but in more modern times has been the subject of discussion for possible
extension in favour of anyone for whom the person providing the funds is under
a legal, equitable or possibly even moral obligation to care. While Ms Wei’s
primary contention is that the evidence shows that Mr Lyu intended to make a
gift of the moneys and properties to her, she also relies on the presumption
of advancement. Her counsel argued that the question left open in the Court of
Appeal decision in Lau Siew Kim v Yeo Guan Chye Terence and another [2008] 2
SLR(R) 108 at [74] of whether advancement should extend in favour of the woman
in a de facto relationship, living as husband and wife, should now be answered
in the affirmative. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

DCS at paras 113 to 114.

24 In the context of familial and other close relationships, the law has
developed a more flexible approach under the rubric of a common intention
constructive trust for the apportioning of beneficial ownership in domestic
property, and a broad framework for the analysis of property disputes has been
established by the Court of Appeal in Chan Yuen Lan at [160]:

160 In view of our discussion above, a property dispute involving parties who
have contributed unequal amounts towards the purchase price of a property and
who have not executed a declaration of trust as to how the beneficial interest
in the property is to be apportioned can be broadly analysed using the
following steps in relation to the available evidence:

(a) Is there sufficient evidence of the parties’ respective financial
contributions to the purchase price of the property? If the answer is “yes”,
it will be presumed that the parties hold the beneficial interest in the
property in proportion to their respective contributions to the purchase price
(ie, the presumption of resulting trust arises). If the answer is “no”, it
will be presumed that the parties hold the beneficial interest in the same
manner as that in which the legal interest is held.

(b) Regardless of whether the answer to (a) is “yes” or “no”, is there
sufficient evidence of an express or an inferred common intention that the
parties should hold the beneficial interest in the property in a proportion
which is different from that set out in (a)? If the answer is “yes”, the
parties will hold the beneficial interest in accordance with that common
intention instead, and not in the manner set out in (a). In this regard, the
court may not impute a common intention to the parties where one did not in
fact exist.

(c) If the answer to both (a) and (b) is “no”, the parties will hold the
beneficial interest in the property in the same manner as the manner in which
they hold the legal interest.

(d) If the answer to (a) is “yes” but the answer to (b) is “no”, is there
nevertheless sufficient evidence that the party who paid a larger part of the
purchase price of the property (“X”) intended to benefit the other party (“Y”)
with the entire amount which he or she paid? If the answer is “yes”, then X
would be considered to have made a gift to Y of that larger sum and Y will be
entitled to the entire beneficial interest in the property.

(e) If the answer to (d) is “no”, does the presumption of advancement
nevertheless operate to rebut the presumption of resulting trust in (a)? If
the answer is “yes”, then: (i) there will be no resulting trust on the facts
where the property is registered in Y’s sole name (ie, Y will be entitled to
the property absolutely); and (ii) the parties will hold the beneficial
interest in the property jointly where the property is registered in their
joint names. If the answer is “no”, the parties will hold the beneficial
interest in the property in proportion to their respective contributions to
the purchase price.

(f) Notwithstanding the situation at the time the property was acquired, is
there sufficient and compelling evidence of a subsequent express or inferred
common intention that the parties should hold the beneficial interest in a
proportion which is different from that in which the beneficial interest was
held at the time of acquisition of the property? If the answer is “yes”, the
parties will hold the beneficial interest in accordance with the subsequent
altered proportion. If the answer is “no”, the parties will hold the
beneficial interest in one of the modes set out at (b)–(e) above, depending on
which is applicable.

[emphasis in original]

25 Both counsel have referred to and relied on this framework. In this
particular case, the court may perhaps take quick steps for some part of the
analysis, as it is now accepted that the funds came from Mr Lyu, while the
assets were or are all in Ms Wei’s sole name as legal owner. Neither party has
contended that there is any question of shared ownership of the beneficial
interest of any particular asset. Either Mr Lyu gave the moneys or assets to
Ms Wei or he did not. This question will have to be asked in relation to each
asset, because it is possible that Mr Lyu may have intended one asset to be a
gift to Ms Wei but not another.

26 I would also add that in this case, notwithstanding challenges of
interpretation, there is ample evidence, both documentary and oral, from which
to make a finding concerning what was intended at the time the moneys were
transferred.

Failed purpose trusts

27 Where money is advanced by someone to another with the mutual intention
that it be applied exclusively for a specific purpose, then if that purpose
fails, the law implies an obligation to repay the money with a secondary
trust, known as a Quistclose trust, arising in favour of the first person:
see, eg, Pacific Rim Palm Oil Ltd v PT Asiatic Persada and others [2003] 4
SLR(R) 731 at [16], referring to the House of Lords decision in Barclays Bank
Ltd v Quistclose Investments Ltd [1970] AC 567, for which this doctrine is
named.

28 This doctrine is relied on by Mr Lyu in relation to the first clinic
investment and the US surrogacy.

Unjust enrichment

29 Mr Lyu has relied on the doctrine of unjust enrichment in relation to the
discharge of the Bartley mortgage, the US surrogacy and the first and second
clinic investments.

30 The legal requirements for a claim in unjust enrichment were set out by the
Court of Appeal in Benzline Auto Pte Ltd v Supercars Lorinser Pte Ltd and
another [2018] 1 SLR 239 (“Benzline”) at [45]:

(a) Enrichment of the defendant;

(b) At the expense of the plaintiff;

(c) In the presence of an unjust factor;

(d) No defences.

31 Mr Lyu relies on total failure of consideration, which was the “unjust
factor” considered in Benzline at [46]:

46 The specific unjust factor relied upon in this case was pleaded as a
failure of consideration, which the Judge referred to instead as a “failure of
basis”; the two terms are synonymous (and should not be confused with the more
controversial thesis, which is not before us, that the law of unjust
enrichment should be centred around the concept of “absence of basis”: see
Andrew Burrows, The Law of Restitution (Oxford University Press, 3rd Ed, 2011)
(“The Law of Restitution”) at pp 95–116). The concept of failure of basis is
succinctly summarised in Charles Mitchell, Paul Mitchell & Stephen Watterson,
Goff & Jones: The Law of Unjust Enrichment (Sweet & Maxwell, 9th Ed, 2016)
(“Goff & Jones”) at para 12–01, as follows:

… The core underlying idea of failure of basis is simple: a benefit has been
conferred on the joint understanding that the recipient’s right to retain it
is conditional. If the condition is not fulfilled, the recipient must return
the benefit. …

The inquiry has two parts: first, what was the basis for the transfer in
respect of which restitution is sought; and second, did that basis fail?

32 Ms Wei raises the defence of change of position. Briefly, she would have to
have changed her position in good faith, such that it would now be inequitable
to require her to make restitution: see the decision of the Court of Appeal in
Management Corporation Strata Title Plan No 473 v De Beers Jewellery Pte Ltd
[2002] 1 SLR(R) 418, at [35].

Intention to create legal relations

33 In relation to the Grenadian citizenship applications, where Mr Lyu’s claim
is that he lent money to Ms Wei, her counsel raises the question of whether
there was an intention to create legal relations necessary for a contract of
loan, and relies on the presumption that parties do not intend to create legal
relations in the context of social and domestic arrangements: Gay Choon Ing v
Loh Sze Ti Terence Peter and another appeal [2009] 2 SLR(R) 332, at [72].

Issue 1: The D’Leedon apartment

34 The D’Leedon apartment is by far the largest in value of the assets
purchased. Ms Wei was issued the option to purchase on 20 December 2016. She
paid the initial option moneys of S$43,490 from Hong-Shuo Medical Singapore’s
bank account. She exercised the option on 23 December 2016, drawing a cheque
on Hong-Shuo Medical Singapore’s bank account for S$391,410, and on the same
day drew cheques on the same account for stamp duty (S$777,420) and for
conveyancing fees (S$3,000). On 1 February 2017, she used funds from her
personal account to complete the purchase, with payment of S$3,921,026. The
total of those payments is S$5,136,346. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Lyu’s AEIC at para 38.

35 All of this money originated from Mr Lyu. On 17 December 2016, he
transferred RMB25,000,000 in multiple tranches to certain intermediaries whose
particulars he was given by Ms Wei. On 19 December 2016, he transferred a
further RMB500,000 to an intermediary. On 25 December 2016, he transferred a
further RMB5,000,000 in ten equal tranches to intermediaries. The total
transferred by him at this time was thus RMB30,500,000. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Lyu’s AEIC at para 35.

36 In December 2016, Ms Wei received corresponding deposits in her personal
account, totalling S$6,002,017.90, of which she transferred S$1,200,000 to
Hong-Shuo Medical Singapore on 23 December 2016. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Lyu’s AEIC at paras 36 and 37.

37 Mr Lyu’s evidence-in-chief of the circumstances of this purchase was brief.
He said Ms Wei proposed the purchase of the D’Leedon apartment to him as their
intended matrimonial home in Singapore and as an assurance of their
relationship, threatening to end their relationship if he did not do so. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Lyu’s AEIC at para 33.

38 Ms Wei gave a much longer account. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Wei’s AEIC at paras 32–55.

She made a number of points by way of context. The first is that in September
2016 at a dental conference in Shanghai he promised to divorce his wife and
marry her, and it was only upon hearing that promise that she “allowed him to
have sexual relations with [her]”. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Wei’s AEIC at para 35.

39 She then describes a hiatus in their communications from about October to
November 2016. She says this was both because she was busy and because Mr Lyu
did not respond to her messages. She later learned that his silence was
because his wife had confiscated, among other things, his phone and computer.
41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Wei’s AEIC at para 37.

When she learned that he was only in the process of starting on his divorce,
she became upset, and told him that once he was free to pursue her she would
tell him her conditions, explaining that “[i]t is impossible for a woman to
ask for nothing”. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Wei’s AEIC at paras 39–40.

When he assured her of his commitment, she told him to back up his words with
concrete action. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Wei’s AEIC at paras 42–43.

He then offered to buy her dream car for her, a Mercedes Benz GLC250. This was
a pledge of his love. He also offered to pay off the Bartley mortgage. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Wei’s AEIC at para 44.

While she was touched, she was also uncomfortable, feeling that these gestures
were more consistent with gifts to a mistress than a commitment to marriage.
45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Wei’s AEIC at paras 45–46.

She considered him a wealthy person, as he had told her of the sale of his
shares in a dental hospital for about RMB80,000,000. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Wei’s AEIC at para 47.

She told him he had to demonstrate in practical terms his long-term commitment
and that she had always dreamed of a big house. According to her, Mr Lyu
hesitated, and so she did not respond to his messages for a time, ignoring him
until he agreed. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Wei’s AEIC at paras 48–51.

40 This much of her account is broadly consistent with Mr Lyu’s terser
account. Where they differ is that her testimony is that he then said he would
make a gift to her of the money needed to buy the big house she desired, and
that he made her promise not to leave him for another man. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Wei’s AEIC at para 51.

Mr Lyu’s testimony by contrast focused on the purchase of the D’Leedon
apartment rather than on the transfer of money, and did not waver from its
being an expression of commitment to their intended marriage as their intended
matrimonial home, but not a gift to her. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Transcript, 23 March 2021, p 49 line 4 to p 50 line 27.

41 There is a gap in the WeChat messages during December 2016 around the time
of the grant and exercise of the option to purchase the D’Leedon apartment. I
am not able to draw any inferences against either party from their absence,
other than to proceed on the basis that there probably were no messages
clearly favouring either party’s version. If there had been messages of
significance clearly favouring either party’s version of events during that
time, it is reasonably likely that that party would have saved those messages.
Indeed, Ms Wei’s own evidence was that she saved screenshots of WeChat
messages that were meaningful. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Transcript, 30 March 2021, p 55 lines 1–20.

42 However, there are a lot of WeChat messages in the early months of 2017.
They reveal a tempestuous and passionate relationship. Both counsel have
scoured them for fragments with which to confront the other party and on which
to found submissions. I will survey some of them.

43 In February 2017, they quarrelled, leading to Ms Wei ignoring Mr Lyu. Ms
Wei’s counsel relies on how Mr Lyu complained that she could “do this to a
lover who gives everything”. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

2 AB 406.

This is said to show that the D’Leedon apartment was an outright gift. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

DCS at para 135(a).

Mr Lyu’s counsel in turn relies on a message from him a few days later in
which, the quarrel having subsided, he commended her with these words: “You
plan for my future very seriously, and you hope that I can live in a big house
in Singapore, have good quality of life, and can have a social status
immediately.” 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

2 AB 429.

Here, Ms Wei’s hope that Mr Lyu would live in a big house is said to show that
the D’Leedon apartment was his provision of an intended matrimonial home. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

PCS at para 134.

44 In March 2017, Mr Lyu complained several times about how much money he had
spent. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

2 AB 567–574.

On 10 March 2017, he wrote to Ms Wei by WeChat: 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

2 AB 575.

I don’t have much money now, and I still have to divide my property. Is there
still anyone in this world who is as silly as me and willing to use almost all
my assets to treat you and my best effort to build our future home? Shouldn’t
I feel stressed out?

The reference to having to divide his property was a reference to his divorce
proceedings and what he would have to transfer to his wife as part of his
divorce.

45 The next day, addressing Ms Wei as his wife, he wrote: 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

2 AB 594.

Dear wife, no matter what your response to my decision yesterday is, I must
tell you truthfully about my thoughts: (1) I have already contributed 34
million as the basic building block of our home. I bought a house and a car,
and you used the balance of a few millions to pay the house loan for your
property in Singapore … (4) You know that I can no longer think rationally
after I have invested a huge amount of money. If you break up with me, I will
lose miserably. This is not a good feeling. It is not a question of trust or
distrust. I must tell you frankly now…

Mr Lyu’s counsel contended that such messages showed how Mr Lyu saw his
purchases of the D’Leedon apartment as a building block for their future life
together and not as a gift. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

PCS at para 136.

Ms Wei’s counsel contended that these messages contrasted the little he had
left with his generosity to her, and that his description of himself as
“silly” and at risk of “losing miserably” showed his regret at having made
outright gifts to her. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

DCS at paras 135(b)–(d).

46 Before I make a finding on Mr Lyu’s intention when he made these transfers
around December 2016, I should deal with Ms Wei’s failure to plead from the
beginning of the proceedings that the moneys were meant as gifts, and her
evidence in her initial interlocutory affidavits, referred to at [12] above.
She did not admit to receiving moneys from Mr Lyu and claimed to have
purchased the D’Leedon apartment with her own money. Mr Lyu’s counsel contends
that Ms Wei always knew the assets were paid for by Mr Lyu, and consequently
her allegations of gift are an afterthought, ie, she never genuinely believed
that they were gifts. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

PCS at paras 66–67.

Ms Wei’s counsel, meanwhile, argued that when she said she had not used Mr
Lyu’s moneys to purchase these assets, she meant that this was because upon
receipt the moneys became hers. Thus, it was not fair to describe her initial
evidence as false or misleading. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Defendant’s reply submissions dated 13 June 2021 at para 3(g).

I reject this last submission. A communication depends on what is said, and
the context in which it is said. Its meaning is unaffected by some hidden and
unarticulated thought. The argument struck me as rather like a child crossing
his fingers behind his back to invalidate his spoken promise. I have no doubt
that Ms Wei understood that she was not putting forward a defence of gift but
rather falsely denying that she had received moneys from Mr Lyu for the
purchase of the D’Leedon apartment.

47 I accept that Ms Wei always knew that the money for the purchases came from
Mr Lyu and hence her original position in these proceedings was, to her
knowledge, false and misleading. However, this does not of itself lead
ineluctably to the conclusion that her defence of gift is a mere afterthought
and necessarily false. It is possible that she took a false position in the
early stages of this litigation because of a concern that any defence of gift
was just her word against his, and that it would be harder for Mr Lyu to prove
that the money came from him. This shows a certain cynicism about telling the
truth, which I must take into account in considering her testimony, but it
does not of itself mean that the moneys were not in fact gifts.

48 Ultimately, the question of who is telling the truth can be tested against
the contemporaneous messages. I consider the WeChat messages in February and
March 2017, when read as a whole, a generally illuminating window into Mr
Lyu’s mindset. I find that Mr Lyu did not intend either the D’Leedon apartment
or the Car to be outright gifts to Ms Wei. Rather, they were, to use his
words, building blocks of their future life together. Having a big home that
Ms Wei could live in and a fancy car that she could use would underpin their
new life together. Their common future lay in Singapore and buying a home and
car here expressed Mr Lyu’s commitment to that future. It did not mean that Ms
Wei was intended to be the beneficial owner of them. That is why he said he
“bought a house and car”, without adding the words “for you”.

49 It is true that he repeatedly expressed concerns about the amount of his
available funds, especially at times when Ms Wei suggested new items of
expenditure. However, this is perfectly consistent with his being concerned
that his money was tied up in, among other things, the D’Leedon apartment. Of
his assets, he had still to give about half to his wife as they divorced,
while the vast bulk of the balance was sunk into the building blocks for his
new life together with Ms Wei. It does not mean that he had given the D’Leedon
apartment to Ms Wei.

50 I also find that at that relatively early stage of their relationship, Ms
Wei too did not in fact believe that the D’Leedon apartment was a gift to her.
On 11 March 2017, she wrote: 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

2 AB 600.

Financially, I am not as capable as you, and I cannot live in a big house
without you in five years, but I also have my own house, my own judgment and
my own dignity …

[emphasis added]

I find that the reference to a big house was to the D’Leedon apartment, while
her own house meant her apartment at Bartley Ridge.

51 A month later, Ms Wei made much the same point, distinguishing the D’Leedon
apartment from her Bartley Ridge apartment: 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

2 AB 545.

I am just managing [the D’Leedon apartment] on behalf of you … If you dump me,
I will return to the small apartment in [Bartley]

52 When cross-examined on the last message, Ms Wei broke down in tears. She
said that she wrote her messages in “the language of love” 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Transcript, 31 March 2021, p 12 lines 1–8.

and this was “sweet talk between lovers” 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Transcript, 31 March 2021, p 9 lines 21–22.

. There is certainly some truth to her description of the tone and register of
her messages. There were times when her messages dramatically called out for
chivalric demonstrations of love and affection, including by evoking pity for
her and her situation. Nonetheless, reading her messages in totality, I find
that she recognised that the D’Leedon apartment was not hers.

53 That Ms Wei always understood that the D’Leedon apartment belonged
beneficially to Mr Lyu is further supported by how she sent him photos and
videos of it on 30 December 2016, 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

2 AB 353–366.

and subsequently sent him a screenshot of the certificate of stamp duty,
telling him: “The expenses for the taxes! For your information”. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

2 AB 383–385.

54 For completeness, I add that I have specifically disregarded in my
evaluation of Ms Wei any suggestion that she deliberately set out to deprive
Mr Lyu of his money, as was at one point pursued by Mr Lyu, including by
calling as a witness Mr Lu. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

See Lyu’s AEIC at para 13.

In finding that she understood, for example, that the D’Leedon apartment was
not a gift to her, I do not find that she had suggested he transfer moneys for
its purchase with any intention to cheat him, or that she entered the
relationship with any designs on his money. She was in love with him as much
as he was in love with her.

55 I should also deal with Ms Wei’s counsel’s concern that Mr Lyu testified by
video link while she testified in person. He asked that I “bear in mind the
fact of the asymmetry”. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Transcript, 18 June 2021, p 7 lines 22– 23.

I have certainly done so. I also did so at the time that they gave evidence. I
had a clear view of Mr Lyu, with two cameras being used. Sometimes, in order
to read a document, he had to stand up and approach the screen on which the
document was shown. For those moments, I was not able to observe his face.
However, I was satisfied that these interruptions were momentary and that I
had sufficient opportunity to observe him. He gave his evidence in a clear and
logical way. He occasionally showed impatience or temper but I consider that
this was generally natural and not feigned. I accept him as generally a
witness of truth.

56 In relation to Ms Wei’s evidence, there was some suggestion that she may
have suffered from being cross examined “up close and personally by a
formidable cross-examiner”. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Transcript, 18 June 2021, p 7 lines 19–20.

I am satisfied that there was nothing overbearing in the cross-examination and
that Ms Wei was given full opportunity to answer his questions. Unfortunately,
she was not always logical or clear, and at times was evasive, including on
matters that she could easily have checked or verified, such as receipts of
money.

57 There was also much debate 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

PCS at paras 120–123; DCS at para 132.

over the significance of Mr Lyu’s use of the phrase “交给你” in his WeChat
messages. Mr Lyu says that that phrase means “to entrust to you”; had he meant
“to give to you”, he would have used “送给你”. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Transcript, 24 March 2021, p 46 lines 5–19.

I have not found it necessary to resolve this debate. It is true that in the
context of the D’Leedon apartment Mr Lyu used the former phrase, but I do not
find that that sheds any particular light, even if Mr Lyu were correct about
what it meant. Much more important were the communications and actions of both
parties at the material time, especially in the early months of 2017, taken as
a whole.

58 Communications that happened much later, and especially from September 2018
onwards, when the relationship sharply deteriorated, are of much less
probative value, both because the relationship was in flux and because of the
parties’ often distraught emotional state. This includes Mr Lyu’s suggestion,
made by a WeChat message sent in September 2018, that they enter a prenuptial
agreement confirming joint and equal ownership of the moneys transferred and
properties purchased. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

3 AB 1126.

While if the original transfers were indeed gifts, this could be read as an
attempt by Mr Lyu to improve his position, I am inclined to view this
suggestion as Mr Lyu being prepared to compromise with Ms Wei and put their
still hoped for marriage on a clearer and sounder footing. I consider it is
readily reconcilable with Mr Lyu’s position that the transfers were not gifts
to Ms Wei.

59 Thus, having observed Mr Lyu during his testimony, tested against the
contemporaneous WeChat messages and his actions generally, I accept his
evidence that he did not intend to make a gift of the D’Leedon apartment to Ms
Wei.

60 In the absence of a donative intention on Mr Lyu’s part, I hold that the
D’Leedon apartment is held by Ms Wei on resulting trust for Mr Lyu.

Issue 2: The Car

61 Turning to the Car, Ms Wei’s evidence was that Mr Lyu raised with her his
buying what he described as her dream car. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Wei’s AEIC at para 44.

Mr Lyu said he did not remember saying this, and instead testified that she
suggested that he buy a Mercedes Benz because he “should not drive a poor
car”, especially given that he drove BMWs in Beijing. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Transcript, 23 March 2021, p 43 lines 2–10.

The contemporaneous WeChat messages support Mr Lyu’s account. For example, she
sent him photos of the Car upon her taking delivery of it, in a way that
implied the Car was for him. He in turn exclaimed “Wow. Goodbye to BMW.” 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

2 AB 601.

This off-the-cuff comment again suggests it was really for him, as the
reference to BMW was to his car in Beijing. Moreover, Ms Wei took pains to
make sure the Car was customised so that it was “convenient for [him] to drive
it. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

2 AB 605.

I accept that the Car was not meant as a gift, and instead is held on
resulting trust for Mr Lyu.

Issue 3: The discharge of the Bartley mortgage

62 On 13 February 2017, Ms Wei received S$202,220.38 from Mr Lyu. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Lyu’s AEIC at p 487.

According to Mr Lyu, he transferred this to her to help her settle the
outstanding mortgage for her own apartment at Bartley Ridge and on the shared
basis that they would marry. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

Lyu’s AEIC at paras 40–41.

He did this because she complained that stress was hindering her chances of
conception and asked him to “solve the problem of [her] house loan”. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

2 AB 398.

He says that she never used the money for its intended purpose, and instead
apparently refinanced the loan, as shown by a mortgagee’s caveat created on 30
November 2017. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents Volume 4 (“4 AB”) 1345.

They also never married. He contends that the basis of his transfer therefore
failed, and that he is entitled to restitution. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

PCS at para 164.

63 Ms Wei’s defence is that she received these moneys as a gift that she could
use for any purpose that she saw fit. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

Defence (Amendment No 1) dated 26 February 2021 at para 10(h).

She also contends that if there was any purpose linked to the transfer it was
that they have a child together, which was fulfilled when they had a child by
surrogacy. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

DRS at para 29.

64 First of all, I accept that if the money had been used in discharge of the
Bartley mortgage it could not be recovered. That appears to be Mr Lyu’s own
position. The implication is that he was giving her the money. I accept that
the motive was at least in part to reduce her levels of stress and thus foster
their relationship, including with a view to conceiving a child together.

65 Secondly, I am unable to find that the transfer of the moneys was made
explicitly conditional on its being used specifically to discharge the Bartley
mortgage, failing which it had to be returned. Money is generally fungible. If
she refinanced the loan, and then used the moneys transferred to her by Mr Lyu
to help pay outstanding mortgage instalments as they fell due, this may well
have achieved what she wanted, in terms of reducing any worries she had
concerning this mortgage.

66 Thirdly, the pleaded claim is that it was paid on the shared basis that the
parties would marry and that as that basis failed, she should return the
moneys. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 4) dated 29 September 2021 at para 29(d).

I do not accept that that was the basis on which this transfer was made. It
was made by Mr Lyu because he wanted to reduce her worries at that time. It
was not linked to their marrying.

67 I therefore dismiss Mr Lyu’s claim for return of the sum of S$202,220.38.

Issue 4: Three projects – the Cairnhill option, the first clinic investment
and the US surrogacy

68 I turn to the next transfer of funds. Mr Lyu remitted RMB4,000,000 to Ms
Wei through intermediaries, 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

Lyu’s AEIC at pp 506–525.

and she received the corresponding deposit of S$792,864.22 on 30 March 2017.
87

##### Foot Note 87

×

Lyu’s AEIC at p 526.

This transfer followed a significant WeChat message from Ms Wei to Mr Lyu on
10 March 2017 at 1.51pm, 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

2 AB 552.

saying:

K for the surrogacy (excluding agent fee)! So it is about SGD1 million in
total! Originally, the clinic alone would need about SGD1.4 million, but I
have managed to use that money for 3 important things!

69 Ms Wei testified that this was a gift from Mr Lyu but formed part of “what
[she] had planned for [their] family” and that it was “actually to his benefit
and also to [her] benefit”. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

Transcript, 31 March 2020, p 52 lines 4–18.

70 The contemporaneous WeChat messages show that other than the US surrogacy,
these were investments that Mr Lyu was funding for their shared future,
without any intention of making a gift of the money to her. For example, on 10
March 2017 at 7.19pm he wrote: “The amount of money for the investment is too
large. The risk is beyond what I can accept.” 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

2 AB 568.

If this was meant as a gift to her, he would not have spoken of investment or
of risks.

71 I therefore hold that this transfer was not a gift from Mr Lyu to Ms Wei.
It was an investment made by him for the future of their intended family.

The Cairnhill option

72 The option to purchase was for S$476,800. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

4 AB 1535.

As part of the option, Ms Wei was granted a tenancy during the option period
92

##### Foot Note 92

×

4 AB 1541–1548.

and in turn sublet it for a rent of S$4,200 per month. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

Lyu’s AEIC at para 52(b)(vi) and pp 554–555; 4 AB 1555–1565.

She collected this rental for a period of two years, totalling S$100,800. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

Lyu’s AEIC at para 52(b)(vi).

The option was never exercised. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

Lyu’s AEIC at para 52(b)(viii).

Mr Lyu does not seek the return of the moneys expended on the option but
claims that Ms Wei holds the benefit of that option, namely the rental
collected, on resulting trust for him. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 4) dated 29 September 2021 at para 18.

73 I accept that the benefit of the Cairnhill option belonged to Mr Lyu in
equity, and therefore order, as prayed for, 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 4) dated 29 September 2021 at para 29(g).

that Ms Wei account to Mr Lyu for the rental proceeds received by her in
respect of the Cairnhill property.

The first clinic investment

74 It is common ground that the first clinic investment was not proceeded
with. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

Lyu’s AEIC at para 52(c)(i); Wei’s AEIC at para 89.

There is no evidence that Mr Lyu asked for the money to be paid back at that
time. Ms Wei relies on this subsequent conduct (in the form of inaction on his
part) to support her contention that he intended it as an outright gift. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

DCS at para 191.

I do not accept that this is the proper inference to draw. As I have outlined
at [70], the contemporaneous WeChat messages at the time the transfer was made
show that it was not intended as a gift.

75 The legal requirements for recovery, whether formulated in terms of a
Quistclose trust or a restitutionary claim, are satisfied. It would not be
inequitable for Ms Wei to repay this money to Mr Lyu, and I hold that she must
do so.

The US surrogacy

76 It is common ground that this never took place, 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

Lyu’s AEIC at para 52(a)(iv); Transcript, 31 March 2021, p 56 lines 5–17.

and that instead arrangements were made for surrogacy in Cambodia, for which
Mr Lyu made separate payments. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

Transcript, 1 April 2021, p 2 line 24 to p 4 line 1.

Surrogacy is clearly a shared project on the part of both intended biological
parents. Mr Lyu was ready to fund it, and had it taken place then in the
absence of clear words that she was ultimately to bear part of the expense he
would not have been able to recover any of the money spent from her. Indeed,
Mr Lyu does not claim anything in relation to the Cambodian surrogacy which he
funded and which took place. However, where the surrogacy never took place at
all and the money transferred by Mr Lyu to Ms Wei was not spent for this
purpose, it must be returned to him. The legal requirements for recovery,
whether formulated in terms of a Quistclose trust or a restitutionary claim,
are satisfied. It would not be inequitable for Mr Lyu to obtain such recovery.

77 I hold that Ms Wei must repay this money to Mr Lyu.

78 Taking the first clinic investment and the US surrogacy together, the sum
to be repaid is S$314,684.22.

Issue 5: Grenadian citizenship

79 After considerable prevarication and equivocation, Ms Wei admitted that Mr
Lyu paid approximately US$400,000 in renminbi in connection with her applying
for Grenadian citizenship for herself and her four children from previous
marriages. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

Transcript, 1 April 2021, p 19 lines 16–27 and p 20 lines 21–31.

This was borne out by a series of receipts and messages showing that Mr Lyu
had transferred a total of RMB2,901,661. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

2 AB at pp 689–690 and 749–751.

80 Ms Wei claimed this was a gift. However, on 16 April 2017, she messaged Mr
Lyu in terms that clearly show she understood that the issue of the Grenadian
passports was one that was personal to her (and so by implication not part of
building a future life together) and promising to repay the loan upon sale of
a property owned by her. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

2 AB 670.

Three days later, she referred to this message as an IOU, 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

2 AB 756.

as confirmed by her during cross-examination. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

Transcript, 1 April 2021, p 28 lines 8–31.

81 There is no evidence that Mr Lyu intended to give these moneys to Ms Wei
rather than lend them to her, and I accept his evidence that in any case a
gift was out of the question because he was upset with her at the time, having
just found out about her having children from previous relationships, as
corroborated by his WeChat message on 21 April 2017. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

2 AB 783.

82 Ms Wei’s counsel has also argued that, even if Mr Lyu did not intend these
moneys as a gift, he is not able to recover the moneys as a loan because there
was no intention to create legal relations. This argument is misconceived. If
one family member lends money to another, one cannot turn that into a gift
(which is the effect of disallowing recovery of the loan) by relying on the
family context. Further, the context of this expenditure is not truly
familial, in the sense of any shared family with Mr Lyu. Ms Wei was not asking
Mr Lyu for money for an expenditure in their shared home, but for a purpose
that was not connected to their relationship, namely her desire for Grenadian
citizenship for herself and her own children.

83 I allow Mr Lyu’s claim for return of his RMB2,901,661.

Issue 6: The Marne Road shop

84 Ms Wei admitted that she used moneys transferred by Mr Lyu to pay some part
of the purchase price for the Marne Road shop. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

Transcript, 1 April 2021, p 41 lines 12–27.

Mr Lyu contends that 80% of its purchase price came from moneys he
transferred, while Ms Wei contends that at best it was 28%. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

Defendant’s reply submissions at paras 63 to 64.

Its purchase price was S$1,020,000. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

4 AB 1477.

I accept that Ms Wei paid the option fee of 5% and a further 15% of the price
before December 2016. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

DCS at para 178.

85 I accept Mr Lyu’s evidence 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

Lyu’s AEIC at paras 65–69.

that Ms Wei did not give him specific or reliable details of how she was using
the moneys left over after the purchase of the D’Leedon apartment and the Car,
but did tell him there was a shop unit on sale for S$300,000, which
corresponds to the Marne Road shop.

86 Ms Wei has also not given clear evidence of how she used the leftover
moneys. These moneys were not a gift to her and accordingly she is accountable
to Mr Lyu for her use of them. Plainly, she is the one who would be in the
best position to show how she paid for the Marne Road shop. She has not
provided evidence of how she funded the difference between her contention of
28% and his of 80%.

87 I find on a balance of probabilities that 80% of the purchase price of the
Marne Road shop was paid for with moneys Mr Lyu transferred to Ms Wei. That
use stands on the same footing as her use of his moneys to purchase the
D’Leedon apartment.

88 Thus, I hold that Ms Wei holds 80% of the beneficial interest in the Marne
Road shop on resulting trust for Mr Lyu.

Issue 7: The second clinic investment

89 I accept Mr Lyu’s evidence that he transferred S$100,000 to Ms Wei for the
purpose of the second clinic investment, and that she returned S$60,000 of it
to him. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

Lyu’s AEIC at para 81.

This investment was never made. It was not a gift. Accordingly, when the
purpose of the transfer failed, Ms Wei had to return it to him.

90 I allow Mr Lyu’s claim for the return of S$40,000.

Issue 8: The Rolex watch

91 Mr Lyu claims that when the relationship soured, Ms Wei took a Rolex watch
belonging to him from a bedside table in the D’Leedon apartment, and has kept
it. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 4) dated 29 September 2021 at para 25; Lyu’s
AEIC at para 97(d).

92 However, Mr Lyu produced no evidence for this claim. Upon cross-
examination, he acknowledged that he had no witnesses to support it, apart
from Ms Wei herself. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

Transcript, 26 March 2021, p 39 lines 23–27.

Yet when Ms Wei took the stand, she was not questioned on this Rolex watch.
Neither did Mr Lyu’s written submissions deal with it, apart from an
unelaborated assertion in his reply submissions that he would rely on the
evidence before the court for this claim, 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

Plaintiff’s reply submissions dated 14 June 2021 at para 74.

when there was no such evidence.

93 In the circumstances, I find that Mr Lyu has not proven on a balance of
probabilities his claim for the Rolex watch, and I therefore dismiss it.

Conclusion

94 I grant declarations that Mr Lyu beneficially owns 100% of the D’Leedon
apartment and the Car, and 80% of the Marne Road shop. I also order that Ms
Wei pay him the sums of S$354,684.22 and RMB2,901,661, and account to him for
the rental received on the Cairnhill property. All other claims are dismissed.

95 I will hear parties on any consequential orders, interest and costs.

Philip Jeyaretnam  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Lok Vi Ming SC and Qabir Sandhu (LVM Chambers LLC) (instructed), Chong Xin Yi
and Tan Lena (Chen Lina) (Gloria James-Civetta & Co) for the plaintiff;

Gregory Vjayendran SC (Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP) (instructed), Lee Ee Yang
and Lua Wei Liang Wilbur (Covenant Chambers LLC) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 26 Nov 2021 (10:48 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

