Case Summary Summary Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments
Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the COURT of APpeal OF the republic of singapore

[2021] SGCA 117

Originating Summons No 21 of 2021

In the matter of Section 47 of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322)

And

In the matter of Order 57 Rule 2(A) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5)

Between

UJM  
---  
  
… Applicant

And

UJL  
---  
  
… Respondent

judgment

[Civil Procedure] — [Appeals] — [Leave] — [Section 47 of the Supreme Court of
Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed)]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
UJM

  
v

  

UJL

[2021] SGCA 117

Court of Appeal — Originating Summons No 21 of 2021  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JCA and Steven Chong JCA  
6 October 2021

15 December 2021 Judgment reserved.

Andrew Phang Boon Leong JCA (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 It is sometimes the case that matters which appear, at the first glance, to
be wholly unrelated to each other are in fact deeply and inextricably
intertwined. The application before us in CA/OS 21/2021 (“OS 21”) is rooted in
a matrimonial dispute arising from the division of matrimonial assets and
costs in a Pakistani divorce under Islamic law. The resolution of OS 21,
however, hinges upon the applicable laws and principles on the grant of leave
to appeal from a decision of the Appellate Division of the High Court (“AD/CA
Leave Application”).

2 In Noor Azlin bte Abdul Rahman and another v Changi General Hospital Pte Ltd
[2021] 2 SLR 440 (“Noor Azlin (transfer)”), this court considered the wide-
ranging amendments to the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev
Ed) (“SCJA”) which established the Appellate Division of the High Court (“AD”)
on 2 January 2021. The application before us in OS 21 is the first AD/CA Leave
Application, and presents a valuable opportunity for this court to consider a
further aspect of this profound and momentous change to the Singapore court
system.

3 By way of a brief procedural overview, OS 21 arises from the ex tempore
judgment of the AD in UJM v UJL [2021] SGHC(A) 10 (the “AD Judgment”) which
affirmed the judgment of the General Division of the High Court judge (the
“Gen Div Judge”) in UJL v UJM HCF/OSF 1/2019 and HCF/DCA 37/2019 (published by
Registrar’s Notice dated 23 January 2021) (General Division of the High Court
(Family Division)) (the “Gen Div Judgment”) to grant financial relief to the
respondent-wife pursuant to Ch 4A of Pt X of the Women’s Charter (Cap 353,
2009 Rev Ed) (“Ch 4A”) arising out of her divorce from the applicant-husband
in Karachi, Pakistan on 4 May 2016. We refer hereafter to the parties as the
“Husband” and the “Wife”, and the appeal that the Husband seeks leave to bring
as the “Anticipated Appeal”.

Facts and background to the dispute

4 The matrimonial dispute that resulted in OS 21 concerns the division of
matrimonial assets and costs, a large part of which centres on an alleged
“Settlement Agreement” which we refer to in more detail below at [10].

5 The parties were born in Pakistan, but are now Singapore citizens. They were
married in Pakistan on 3 August 1995 under Islamic marriage laws and moved
soon after to Singapore in mid-August 1995. They have four sons (collectively,
the “Children”), all of whom are Singapore citizens. Both parties have been
living in Singapore since 1995, except for a period when the Wife lived in
Pakistan from 1999–2002 and another period in the lead-up to their divorce
(see the Gen Div Judgment at [2]).

6 The Husband is the director and shareholder of Company [A], out of which he
operates as a property agent. He also works as a marketing manager with
Company [B]. He had worked previously in an electronics company and an apparel
business. The Wife was a housewife during her marriage to the Husband (see the
Gen Div Judgment at [4]). She has been a Singapore citizen since 25 September
2007.

7 The Husband purchased various properties during the marriage. As at the date
of the divorce, there were four properties in Singapore (see the Gen Div
Judgment at [3]) and three properties in Pakistan which formed part of the
pool of matrimonial assets. As referred to in the Gen Div Judgment at [83],
the three properties are “R-022”, “A01” and “R228” (collectively, the “Three
Properties”).

8 The parties were divorced on 4 May 2016 by the court in Karachi, Pakistan
(see the AD Judgment at [1]). However, cracks in the marriage had been
apparent since the early 2000s. In 2002, the Wife commenced a suit for the
dissolution of marriage by way of khulla (also spelled kula or khulu) in the
court in Karachi. The parties reconciled and entered into a “Compromise
Decree” on 24 March 2003. In 2005, the Husband pronounced one talaq against
the Wife via a “Deed of First Divorce”. However, the parties reconciled and
entered into a “Compromise Deed” in respect of the Deed of First Divorce. In
January 2016, the Wife again commenced a suit for the dissolution of the
marriage by khulla in Karachi. This time, there was no reconciliation and the
parties were divorced with effect from 4 May 2016. The court order made no
reference to the Children, nor did it provide for the division of matrimonial
assets. The Husband alleged that the Wife had agreed to a settlement agreement
dated 13 July 2015 which dealt with the assets, and that the Husband had
complied with the said agreement (see the Gen Div Judgment at [5]).

9 On 18 April 2019, the Wife applied to the Singapore Syariah court for nafkah
iddah and mutaah (see the AD Judgment at [35]). She was unsuccessful both at
first instance and before the Syariah Court of Appeal.

10 The two-page Settlement Agreement was the focal point of the parties’
dispute before both the Gen Div and the AD (see the AD Judgment at [9] and the
Gen Div Judgment at [5]–[6]). The Husband claimed that the Wife should not be
granted any financial relief under Ch 4A because she had agreed to the terms
contained within the Settlement Agreement. The Wife disagreed. While she
admitted to signing on its second page which starts with the word “Details”
[emphasis in original], she denied signing its first page which starts with
the word “AGREEMENT” [emphasis in original]. She alleged that the signature
above her name on the first page was not hers (see the AD Judgment at [9]–[10]
and the Gen Div Judgment at [25]–[26]).

A brief procedural history

11 OS 21 is the latest episode in a series of protracted legal proceedings
commenced originally by the Wife to seek financial relief from the Singapore
court (pursuant to Ch 4A) following foreign matrimonial proceedings, namely,
the parties’ divorce in Karachi, Pakistan. The majority of these prior
applications (and appeals) are irrelevant to OS 21 and we therefore summarise
only the key episodes in this ongoing saga. A fuller picture of the procedural
history can be found in the Gen Div Judgment at [8]–[14].

12 For context, an applicant for financial relief under Ch 4A must show under
s 121B of the Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 2009 Rev Ed) (“Women’s Charter”) that:

(a) the marriage has been dissolved or annulled, or the parties to the
marriage have been legally separated by means of judicial, or other
proceedings in a foreign country (see s 121B(a) of the Women’s Charter); and

(b) the divorce, annulment or judicial separation is entitled to be recognised
as valid in Singapore under Singapore law (see s 121B(b) of the Women’s
Charter).

13 The various applications in this case broadly follow the two-stage process
for the grant of financial relief as stipulated under Ch 4A.

(a) First, leave of court must be obtained before any application for foreign
relief can be made (see s 121D(1) of the Women’s Charter). Leave is granted
only where the court considers that there is “substantial ground for the
making of an application for such an order” (see s 121D(2) of the Women’s
Charter).

(b) Second, the court determines whether and, if so, how financial relief
ought to be granted. Before making an order for financial relief, the court
must consider “whether in all the circumstances of the case, it would be
appropriate for such an order to be made by a court in Singapore” under s 121F
of the Women’s Charter.

In the meanwhile, the court also has the power to award interim financial
relief under s 121E of the Women’s Charter.

14 On 7 April 2017, the Wife applied in FC/OSF 37/2017 seeking, inter alia,
leave to file an application for financial relief under s 121B of the Women’s
Charter and interim maintenance for the Children (see the Gen Div Judgment at
[9]).

15 The Wife successfully obtained the requisite leave from the District Judge
(the “DJ”) who also ordered that the Husband pay interim maintenance of $1,500
per month for the Children and the Wife (see the Gen Div Judgment at [10]).

16 The Husband’s appeal against the DJ’s grant of leave in HCF/RAS 1/2018 was
dismissed by the Gen Div Judge on 2 May 2018. The Gen Div Judge also varied
the DJ’s interim maintenance order, such that the Husband would pay interim
maintenance of $1,500 per month for the Children, and not the Wife. This was
on the basis that the Wife was not entitled to maintenance beyond the nafkah
iddah and mutaah after an Islamic divorce was finalised (see the Gen Div
Judgment at [11]).

17 The parties appeared before the Gen Div Judge again in 2019 and 2020 and,
after seven days of hearing, the Gen Div Judgment was published on 28 January
2021. It concerned two matters (see the Gen Div Judgment at [1]):

(a) HCF/OSF 1/2019 (“OSF 1/2019”), which was the Wife’s application for
financial relief under Ch 4A; and

(b) HCF/DCA 37/2019 (“DCA 37/2019”), which was the Wife’s appeal against the
District Judge’s refusal to grant a variation of the interim maintenance order
sought in FC/OSF 37/2017.

We focus on OSF 1/2019 as the Gen Div Judge’s decision to dismiss DCA 37/2019
was not the subject of any appeal by the parties before the AD.

18 The Gen Div Judge allowed OSF 1/2019 as he found it appropriate for the
Singapore court to make an order for financial relief under s 121G of the
Women’s Charter. He ordered the Husband to pay the Wife $2,586,088.01 in three
instalments, respectively, within three, six and nine months of the date of
the Gen Div Judgment (see the Gen Div Judgment at [213]). The Gen Div Judge
also granted maintenance of $2,750 per month for the Children (see the Gen Div
Judgment at [254]–[255]). This was to last until their eldest child graduates
or ceases to study. After this point in time, the Husband was ordered to pay
the Wife a sum of $1,980 per month. The Gen Div Judge made no order as to
costs (see the Gen Div Judgment at [256]–[257]).

19 Dissatisfied, the Husband filed an appeal against the Gen Div Judge’s
decision in AD/CA 16/2021 (“AD 16”). AD 16 concerned only the Judge’s decision
on OSF 1/2019, specifically, the division of matrimonial assets and costs (see
the AD Judgment at [2]). On 26 August 2021, the AD released the AD Judgment
dismissing the Husband’s appeal and ordering costs of $10,000 (all-in) against
him in respect of the appeal (see the AD Judgment at [38] and [40]).

20 OS 21 is the Husband’s application for leave to appeal against the whole of
the AD Judgment. Prayer 1 of OS 21 seeks “leave to file this application out
of time” because OS 21 was filed late on 9 September 2021.

Decision of the Gen Div

21 The 131-page Gen Div Judgment considers the numerous matrimonial properties
and assets in meticulous detail, and touches upon a number of interesting
points of law which arise out of the unusual circumstances of the present case
– ie, an Islamic marriage dissolved in a foreign court and litigated in
Singapore on the basis of Ch 4A. Unfortunately, it appears that the parties
had not canvassed these legal issues when litigating their respective cases
before the AD, nor has the Husband relied upon them in bringing OS 21 before
this court. We highlight just a few of them at [35] and [37] below even
though, as we explain later at [132] below, these issues are not relevant in
the context of the present application as they were not litigated before the
AD.

22 It is not strictly necessary to examine the Gen Div Judgment in detail as
OS 21 is an AD/CA Leave Application against the AD Judgment. We therefore
summarise its main points only in so far as it is relevant to the AD Judgment.

23 The Gen Div Judge identified three main issues for determination (see the
Gen Div Judgment at [27]).

(a) Was there a valid divorce in Pakistan that should be recognised in
Singapore by the Singapore court?

(b) If (a) is answered in the affirmative, is it appropriate for the court to
make an order for financial relief, bearing in mind the considerations under s
121F of the Women’s Charter?

(c) If (b) is answered in the affirmative, what order should the court make in
respect of the division of matrimonial assets?

Issue 1: Was there a valid divorce in Pakistan that should be recognised in
Singapore?

24 It was common ground between the parties that their divorce in Pakistan
could be legally recognised in Singapore under the rules of private
international law. The parties’ dispute focused, instead, on whether the
divorce should be recognised because of the circumstances surrounding it. The
Wife argued that the divorce obtained in Pakistan was one of “convenience” and
claimed that the parties had intended to retain the marital relationship after
the khulla. She averred that the divorce was obtained in accordance with the
Husband’s plan for her to apply for a Housing Development Board (“HDB”) flat
in Singapore following the divorce. The Husband seized on this and argued that
s 121B of the Women’s Charter was not satisfied because, on the Wife’s own
account, the divorce in Pakistan was a “sham”, and therefore should not be
recognised as valid in Singapore under Singapore law. On that basis, he
claimed that the Wife could not rely on that divorce in the Ch 4A proceedings
in Singapore (see the Gen Div Judgment at [29]–[33]).

25 The Gen Div Judge held that there was a valid divorce in Pakistan and that
it should be recognised in Singapore. As a starting point, it was common
ground between the parties that the divorce in Pakistan was valid. In so far
as the Husband’s argument was that the Wife should not be entitled to rely
upon the divorce, his argument was opportunistic since his position was also
that the marriage had already ended. Further, if the Wife’s account were true,
the Husband would have been the one who procured, or at least instigated the
falsehood, and correspondingly, misled the Wife into applying for the khulla,
and then subsequently reneged on his promise to continue taking care of the
family. His conduct would thus be more objectionable than the Wife’s conduct,
or at the very least, equally so. Even if the Wife’s account were accurate,
there was no evidence that the Pakistan court would not have granted the
divorce if it had known that its purpose was to enable the Wife to apply for
an HDB flat. The Gen Div Judge therefore found that the divorce was valid and
that it ought to be recognised in Singapore (see the Gen Div Judgment at
[34]–[42]).

26 The Gen Div Judge added that, though the divorce and the marriage were
effected under Islamic law, the Gen Div had jurisdiction under Ch 4A because
the Gen Div retained residual jurisdiction by virtue of ss 16 and 17 of the
SCJA and could grant relief under s 121G of the Women’s Charter (see the Gen
Div Judgment at [42] and also the decision of this court in TMO v TMP [2017] 1
SLR 565 at [54]–[55]).

Issue 2: Was it appropriate for the court to make an order for financial
relief?

27 The Gen Div Judge found it appropriate for the Singapore court to grant
financial relief. His analysis proceeded broadly in two parts:

(a) whether the parties had entered into the Settlement Agreement and, if so,
the effect of it; and

(b) whether the Wife could have obtained relief in the Pakistan proceedings.

28 The Gen Div Judge noted the Wife’s position that she did not enter into the
Settlement Agreement. The Wife conceded that she had signed the second page,
but asserted that it was not a settlement agreement. She claimed that the
Husband had presented the first page together with the second page to convince
the court that the parties had agreed on a full and final settlement of the
division of matrimonial assets (see the Gen Div Judgment at [25]).

29 The Gen Div Judgment contained the following evidential findings and
observations in respect of the Settlement Agreement.

(a) The Gen Div Judge was not satisfied that the parties had agreed to obtain
a “paper” divorce in Pakistan so as to allow the Wife to apply for an HDB flat
in Singapore (see the Gen Div Judgment at [52]).

(b) The Gen Div Judge did not place significant weight on the alleged
attestation of the Settlement Agreement due to the uncertainty in the evidence
given by both parties (see the Gen Div Judgment at [58]).

(c) The Gen Div Judge accepted the substance of the expert report by a Senior
Consultant Forensic Scientist and found, inter alia, that the signatures
purporting to belong to the Wife on the two pages as well as the accompanying
handwriting were in fact her signatures and handwriting. While there was no
objective evidence that the two pages were signed at the same time, there was
equally no evidence that the pages were not, in fact, signed together (see the
Gen Div Judgment at [77]).

(d) The Husband had initially exhibited only the second page, and exhibited
the first page only after time was granted for further affidavits to be filed.
The Gen Div Judge, however, rejected the Wife’s contention that the first page
was fabricated in 2017 in the course of proceedings (see the Gen Div Judgment
at [78] and [82]).

(e) The Gen Div Judge found that the Settlement Agreement did not reflect the
reality of how the Three Properties located in Pakistan were dealt with.

(i) On R022: The Settlement Agreement stated that the Husband would transfer
the ownership of R022 to the Wife, the property having been “previously
purchased & Fully Paid by [the Husband] under joint name in the year 2007”.
The Gen Div Judge rejected the Husband’s case that the transfer of R022 to the
Wife was intended to be part of the full and final settlement of the divorce,
as the Husband was unable to prove that he had purchased R022 and therefore,
had failed to adduce evidence to corroborate what was written in the
Settlement Agreement (see the Gen Div Judgment at [88]).

(ii) On A01: The Settlement Agreement provided that the Husband would not
claim the money paid for the purchase of A01, the property being “previously
Purchased under name of [the Wife] and 50% money paid by [the Husband]”. The
Gen Div Judge found that it was the Wife’s mother who paid for A01 and that
A01 was then registered in the Wife’s name. A01 was returned to the Wife’s
mother in 2015. The Husband’s claim that he had paid for 50% of the purchase
price of A01 was also not supported by any evidence. The Husband was therefore
unable to prove that he had paid for the property and that his decision not to
“claim” his share of A01 was part of a settlement provided for under the
Settlement Agreement (see the Gen Div Judgment at [91]–[92]).

(iii) On R228: The Settlement Agreement provided that “[a]s a Part of Full and
Final Settlement of all claims between the parties whether past or present or
future, [the Husband] has paid Pak Rupees 1,24,58,983/= (Pak Rupees One Crore
Twenty Four Lacs Fifty Eight Thousand Nine Hundred Eighty Three only) to the
seller of the house upon the instructions of [the Wife]”, which includes “Pak
Rupees, 113,00,000/= (Pak Rupees One Crore Thirteen Lacs) for purchase of
constructed House no. R228”. Despite some evidential deficiencies, the Gen Div
Judge found that the Husband had funded most of the purchase price of R228
(see the Gen Div Judgment at [98]).

30 The Gen Div Judge stated that, in considering whether it would be
appropriate for the Singapore court to make an order for financial relief, the
mere existence of a document purporting to be a settlement agreement could not
be conclusive, if the other facts in the case suggested that there existed
other reasons why the Singapore court should consider granting such an order
(see the Gen Div Judgment at [101]).

31 Overall, the Gen Div Judge found that there was sufficient doubt as to
whether the Settlement Agreement accurately reflected the reality of the
arrangements between the Husband and the Wife. The Gen Div Judge did not
accept the Husband’s account in relation to A01 and R022. Even if the
Husband’s provision for the Wife by way of R288 could be attributed to a
settlement, the Gen Div Judge was of the view that the court should not treat
this as being exhaustive of all her rights in every jurisdiction. The
Settlement Agreement did not refer to any of the properties in Singapore, and
there was no evidence that the Wife would have knowingly given up all her
rights to property in any other country. The Settlement Agreement was never
referred to in any of the Pakistan court documents, and there was no order of
court that registered the consent of both parties. Moreover, whatever
agreement the parties had allegedly entered into would have to be considered
against what the Wife would have been entitled to under the law in Pakistan.
As the Gen Div Judge found that the Wife would not have been able to obtain
any share of the matrimonial assets in Pakistan, a finding that we explain in
more detail below at [32], he found that less weight should be given to the
Settlement Agreement as it would have arguably been negotiated against a
baseline of that entitlement. Finally, the Gen Div Judge noted that the
absence of any mention of maintenance for the Children, or anything to do with
their custody, care and control in the Settlement Agreement, undermined the
Husband’s claim that the Settlement Agreement was intended to be in full and
final settlement of the matters arising from the divorce (see the Gen Div
Judgment at [102]–[104]).

32 Returning to the question of whether the Wife could have obtained financial
relief in the Pakistan courts following the divorce by khulla, the Gen Div
Judge considered whether it could be concluded that the Wife would not have
been able to obtain relief in Pakistan. He then considered the significance of
his conclusion, particularly in relation to the interaction between Islamic
law and general secular law in Singapore (see the Gen Div Judgment at [105]).
The Gen Div Judge held that, on the available evidence, the Wife would not
have been entitled to any share in the matrimonial property, or any
maintenance after the iddat period upon the dissolution of the marriage by way
of khulla (see the Gen Div Judgment at [109]–[110]).

33 The Gen Div Judge considered the factors under s 121F of the Women’s
Charter and concluded that it was appropriate for an order of financial relief
to be made by the Singapore court (see the Gen Div Judgment at [125]).

34 In arriving at the above conclusion, the Gen Div Judge recognised that the
Wife could not have obtained any financial relief upon a divorce by khulla in
the Pakistan courts and gave explicit consideration to the significance of
this factor (which is a statutorily mandated consideration per s 121F(2)(f) of
the Women’s Charter) to the question as to whether it was appropriate for the
Singapore court to grant relief (see, for example, the Gen Div Judgment at
[111]).

35 This, in turn, raised questions as to:

(a) the statutory purpose of Ch 4A and the grant of financial relief
thereunder;

(b) whether the grant of relief in such a situation would offend the comity of
nations; and

(c) the religious element stemming from the fact that the Pakistan courts
apply Islamic law and whether this would affect the appropriateness of the
Singapore court granting relief under Ch 4A by applying law that is secular in
nature.

Issue 3: What order should the court make in respect of the division of
matrimonial assets?

36 The Gen Div Judge approached the division exercise by first considering
what the Husband and the Wife would have each received from a division of
assets, if the divorce had occurred in Singapore under general secular law,
and subsequently making adjustments to the division ratio on the basis of the
Three Properties in Pakistan. He eventually reached an overall ratio of
52.5:47.5 in favour of the Wife (see the Gen Div Judgment at [201]–[208]).

37 In arriving at the above approach, the Gen Div Judge considered a number of
thought-provoking legal issues, as follows.

(a) First, whether a court exercising its powers under s 121G of the Women’s
Charter to make an order for financial relief should apply the same approach
in granting financial relief as a court dealing with the ancillary matters
upon a divorce in Singapore. While this issue was not raised by the parties,
the Gen Div Judge observed that the wording of s 121G of the Women’s Charter
suggests that the approach may very well differ in an application under Ch 4A
(see the Gen Div Judgment at [133]).

(b) Second, what are the principles that would apply to the court’s exercise
of powers under s 121G of the Women’s Charter (see the Gen Div Judgment at
[140])?

(c) Third, in the event of an Islamic divorce obtained overseas, should the
Gen Div exercise its discretion and powers according to Islamic law or the
general secular law (see the Gen Div Judgment at [141])?

(d) Fourth, if the global assessment methodology is to be used in the division
of matrimonial assets, what is the appropriate approach to the division
exercise where the parties are foreign citizens and own considerable assets in
a foreign country? Should the court proceed by considering what the Husband
and the Wife would receive from a division of assets in Singapore before
considering if any adjustments ought to be made for foreign assets or to
consider all the assets together (see the Gen Div Judgment at [144])?

Decision of the AD

38 At the outset, it bears emphasising that the AD Judgment was almost
entirely factual in nature. This is attributable to the fact that the parties
had chosen not to litigate the legal points raised above at [35] and [37], and
had instead run their cases along factual lines. In particular, the AD
Judgment records the following areas as common ground between the parties.

(a) The divorce in Pakistan was valid and was entitled to be recognised as
valid in Singapore under Singapore law (see the AD Judgment at [8]).

(b) The parties had a substantial connection with Singapore and the Husband
owned properties in Singapore (see the AD Judgment at [9]).

(c) The acceptance of the Gen Div Judge’s approach to the division of
matrimonial assets – ie, of considering what the parties would receive from a
division of assets in Singapore, before making any necessary adjustment to the
division to account for matrimonial assets in Pakistan (see the AD Judgment at
[36]).

39 In AD 16, the Husband’s main contention was that the Singapore court should
not grant the Wife any financial relief under Ch 4A because the Wife had
agreed to the terms contained within the Settlement Agreement dated 13 July
2015, which she had signed. The Husband had discharged his obligations as
stipulated under the Settlement Agreement and it was not a situation where the
Wife had received nothing. The Wife’s main argument was that she had signed
only the second page of the said agreement, and the signature above her name
on the first page was not hers (see the AD Judgment at [9]–[10]).

40 Before addressing the parties’ main argument, the three judges of the AD
(the “AD Judges”) addressed the Wife’s allegation that the parties had only
intended to enter into a “paper” divorce in Pakistan for the purpose of
obtaining an HDB flat in Singapore. They found that this was not made out.
They considered that both parties had proceeded on the premise that the
divorce was valid before the AD, and the Gen Div Judge’s finding that the
divorce was therefore valid and should be recognised in Singapore. They added
(at [7]) that as:

7 … neither party had applied to set aside the order for divorce in Pakistan,
the divorce remained valid there. It would have been incongruous for the
Singapore court to say that the divorce was not valid while it was still
considered valid in Pakistan.

The above observations of the AD Judges are obiter dicta since neither of the
parties disputed the Judge’s conclusion that there was a valid divorce in
Pakistan and that it was entitled to be recognised as valid in Singapore under
Singapore law (see the AD Judgment [3]–[8]).

41 The AD Judges held that financial relief ought to be granted. While they
saw no reason to disturb the Gen Div Judge’s factual finding that the Wife had
signed on both pages of the Settlement Agreement (see the AD Judgment at
[12]), they reiterated that even if a settlement made in contemplation of a
divorce purports to be comprehensive and had been voluntarily entered into,
the parties are not necessarily bound by it. The court may still grant
additional relief whether under the ordinary domestic context or in an
application under Ch 4A, if it is in the interest of justice to do so taking
into account the interests of the parties and the children of the marriage.
The court would also have to decide what weight to give to such a settlement,
and is entitled not to hold the parties to the terms thereof (see the AD
Judgment at [14]–[16]).

42 While the AD Judges disagreed with some of the Gen Div Judge’s conclusion
with regard to the Three Properties, they agreed with his approach of
considering whether the terms genuinely reflected the background to the
acquisition of the Three Properties and the scope of the agreement (see the AD
Judgment at [20]).

43 In any event, it was implicit in the AD Judgment that the AD Judges were of
the view that the difference between their view and the Gen Div Judge’s view
on the Three Properties was not material as: (a) the Settlement Agreement did
not reflect the reality of the Husband’s other assets in both Singapore and
Pakistan; (b) the value of the Three Properties (approximately $370,000) paled
in comparison to the value of the Husband’s other assets (approximately
$4.68m); and (c) the scope of expenses covered was also not as comprehensive
as the Husband had argued. In all the circumstances, the AD Judges were of the
view that it would be unjust to hold the Wife to the terms of the Settlement
Agreement. They therefore held that it was appropriate for the Gen Div Judge
not to place too much weight on the Settlement Agreement, and to grant
financial relief to the Wife after taking into account the various factors set
out in s 121F(2) of the Women’s Charter (see the AD Judgment at [27]–[28]).

44 The AD Judges also considered the question of why the Wife did not obtain
financial relief from the Pakistan court following the divorce by khulla (see
the AD Judgment at [29]). They noted the Gen Div Judge’s conclusion that this
was because the Wife would not have been entitled to claim any matrimonial
asset or maintenance in Pakistan (likewise at [29]).

45 The AD Judges also rejected the Husband’s argument that, if the AD had
found that the Pakistan court had jurisdiction to grant financial relief, the
Wife should have claimed relief from that court at the time of the divorce
order, and as such, her failure to do so caused her to fall afoul of the rule
in the Court of Chancery decision of Henderson v Henderson (1843) 67 ER 313
(“Henderson”). This was for the following three reasons.

(a) First, the Husband’s argument was based on the faulty premise that the AD
would find that the court in Pakistan had the requisite jurisdiction to grant
such relief, a finding which the AD did not make (see the AD Judgment at
[32]).

(b) Second, the divorce in Pakistan was not one with contested ancillaries and
it was doubtful whether the rule in Henderson could apply (see the AD Judgment
at [33]).

(c) Third, and more fundamentally, this was an entirely new argument raised
only on appeal in AD 16 (see the AD Judgment at [32]).

46 The AD Judges agreed with the Gen Div Judge that the Gen Div has the power
to grant relief under Ch 4A, including an order for division of assets, where
the Syariah court was not seised of jurisdiction. In this case, the Syariah
court had no jurisdiction to grant a division order since the divorce
application was not made to it. The AD Judges observed that the Gen Div
Judge’s approach to the division of assets was not disputed on appeal. They
recognised that this particular circumstance might not necessarily exist for
all cases under Ch 4A and, correspondingly, left open the question of the
proper approach for division under Ch 4A for determination on a more suitable
occasion (see the AD Judgment at [35]–[36]).

47 In so far as the division of matrimonial assets was concerned, the AD
Judges agreed with the Gen Div Judge that as this was a long single-income
marriage, the approach set out by this court in TNL v TNK and another appeal
and another matter [2017] 1 SLR 609 would apply such that the starting point
was equal apportionment – ie, a division of the matrimonial assets in a 50:50
ratio. This crucial fact did not change just because the Wife had received
substantial benefits under the Settlement Agreement. In any event, the Gen Div
Judge had already accounted for those benefits in arriving at his eventual
decision. The AD Judges saw no reason to disturb the Gen Div Judge’s findings
or eventual decision and thus dismissed the appeal. Costs of $10,000 inclusive
of disbursements were ordered against the Husband (see the AD Judgment at [37]
and [40]).

Arguments of parties in OS 21

48 The Husband submits that OS 21 ought to be allowed as the Anticipated
Appeal raises a point of law of public importance under s 47(2) of the SCJA.
His submissions do not directly address how this requirement is fulfilled. It
appears to us that the Husband takes the view that the statutory requirements
for leave are self-evidently fulfilled because he simply lists six questions
with little, or even no elaboration in support of his AD/CA Leave Application
in respect of s 47(2) of the SCJA as follows.

(a) Question 1: In a Muslim divorce, where a woman who initiates the divorce
in a foreign jurisdiction says the court granting her the divorce did not have
jurisdiction to grant her reliefs and the rigours of such a regime are
addressed by entering into a settlement agreement, what is the weight to be
accorded to the said agreement without which the woman would have obtained
nothing?

(b) Question 2: If the Singapore court says the foreign court did have
jurisdiction, must the woman satisfy the court that she sought reliefs in the
foreign court but was not given these reliefs, hence necessitating the
Singapore court’s assistance. Do the principles in Henderson apply in such a
situation?

(c) Question 3: Where a woman who initiates a divorce in a foreign
jurisdiction has indicated unequivocally that she wishes to return to that
jurisdiction after divorce, and in fact does so, should the court look at this
factor in evaluating the fairness of the settlement agreement when she
subsequently seeks the Singapore court’s assistance by returning to Singapore,
when this return was not contemplated by the parties to the said agreement?

(d) Question 4: Should the settlement agreement be evaluated taking into
account the desires and requirements of the woman at the time when it is
entered into, or after she reneges on the terms of the said agreement and
returns to Singapore to seek further reliefs?

(e) Question 5: Where a woman who displays overall bad conduct launches her
claim solely on the footing that she did not sign the settlement and that it
is a forgery and the court finds otherwise, then whether a spouse who reneges
on the terms of an agreement and offers wholly false reasons for its reneging
is able to invoke the Singapore court’s jurisdiction under Ch 4A to assist her
when Ch 4A is meant to assist vulnerable spouses?

(f) Question 6: Does an action under an Originating Summons depart from the
principles of pleadings in writ actions and allow the court to look at the OS
claim and fill in the gaps therein? Is it open to the court to rewrite the
Wife’s case based on matters she sought to cover up?

49 The Husband submits that it is appropriate for the Court of Appeal to hear
a further appeal from the AD based on two grounds which we reproduce as
follows.

(a) Ground 1: Where a settlement agreement is entered in a third attempt at
divorce (with the two previous attempts resulting in a reconciliation of the
parties) should the fact that the woman was legally represented in the two
previous failed divorces be a factor in persuading the court that the woman
did have legal advice in entering the said agreement, especially when she was
legally represented at the hearing of the final divorce that is the subject
matter of the proceedings in Singapore?

(b) Ground 2: In a Muslim marriage, where a woman is universally entitled to
nafkah iddah and mutaah and does not seek such reliefs, does this point to the
existence of a settlement agreement that had indeed taken care of these two
reliefs and if so, what is the effect on a woman who practises intense
deception to hide the existence of the said agreement?

50 The Husband does not explain why OS 21 was filed late.

51 The Wife objects to the grant of leave on the basis that OS 21 was filed
out of time, highlighting that the Husband has not provided any explanation
for the same. Unlike the Husband, the Wife takes the position that the
applicable grounds warranting the grant of leave to appeal are those laid down
by this court in Lee Kuan Yew v Tang Liang Hong and another [1997] 2 SLR(R)
862 (“Lee Kuan Yew”). Given that the Husband has not made appropriate
submissions to address the Lee Kuan Yew grounds and the AD had already heard
the Husband’s appeal and “had considered the issues at some length”, leave
should only be granted in exceptional circumstances. As these circumstances do
not exist in the present case, OS 21 should be disallowed.

Issues

52 Two issues arise for our determination in OS 21:

(a) Issue 1: Whether leave ought to be granted for OS 21 to be filed out of
time.

(b) Issue 2: Whether OS 21 is meritorious such that leave ought to be granted
for the Husband to bring the Anticipated Appeal before the Court of Appeal.

53 It bears mention at this juncture that either of these issues, if answered
in the negative, is determinative of OS 21.

Issue 1: OS 21 was filed late with no explanation

54 The Husband seeks “leave to file [OS 21] out of time” in Prayer 1 of OS 21.
This is necessary given that the AD Judgment was released on 26 August 2021.
OS 21 was filed on 9 September 2021 – ten working days thereafter. OS 21 is
therefore out of time as O 57 r 2A(1) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R5, 2014
Rev Ed) (“ROC”) states as follows:

Application to Court of Appeal for leave to appeal against decision of General
Division or Appellate Division (O. 57, r. 2A)

2A.—(1) Subject to paragraph (2), an application to the Court of Appeal for
leave to appeal to that Court against a decision of the General Division or
the Appellate Division must be made within 7 days after the date of the
decision of the General Division or the Appellate Division, as the case may
be.

55 While the actual length of the delay is not significant, the Husband has
provided no explanation whatsoever for it and has given no reasons to support
Prayer 1 of OS 21 in either his written submissions or supplemental
submissions for OS 21. Furthermore, there is no attempt to address the general
requirements for the grant of an extension of time (as listed, for example, in
the decision of this court in Bin Hee Heng v Ho Siew Lan (acting as executrix
and trustee in the estate of Gillian Ho Siu Ngin) [2020] SGCA 4 at [23]). The
Husband was certainly aware of the delay at the time of the filing of OS 21
and it was incumbent upon him and his counsel to address this glaring and
fundamental issue in his submissions. He also had a further opportunity to
seek leave to address the point when he sought leave to file supplemental
submissions on the Wife’s allegation that the Husband had paid for her divorce
lawyers in Pakistan, but chose not to avail himself of it. The filing
deadlines in the ROC cannot simply be sidestepped or circumvented with a
wholly unsubstantiated prayer for leave to file out of time. We therefore
dismiss OS 21 on this basis alone.

56 Given that the present AD/CA Leave Application is the first of its kind to
come before this court, we nevertheless proceed to consider the applicable
statutory provisions and principles which pertain to such applications. We
also explain why leave to bring the Anticipated Appeal would have been denied
to the Husband on the merits of OS 21 in any event.

The applicable principles governing AD/CA Leave Applications

57 The AD was established on 2 January 2021, pursuant to the coming into force
of the amendments to the SCJA in the Supreme Court of Judicature Amendment Act
2019 (Act 40 of 2019). These same amendments also brought into play a host of
new statutory provisions, including those which relate to AD/CA Leave
Applications.

58 OS 21 is the first AD/CA Leave Application to come before this court.
However, it is not the first application for leave to appeal to the Court of
Appeal and there exists a rich body of jurisprudence on the principles
governing the grant of leave to appeal from a decision of the Gen Div
(formerly known as the High Court) to the Court of Appeal and the AD (as laid
out in Lee Kuan Yew at [16]). As exemplified by the parties’ submissions in OS
21, the new statutory scheme in respect of AD/CA Leave Applications and the
new prospect of a further tier of appeal have generated no small amount of
uncertainty. In the sections below, we analyse these new statutory provisions
and explain how they are to be interpreted and applied.

59 Our analysis will touch on the following points.

(a) The statutory scheme governing AD/CA Leave Applications.

(b) The interaction between the applicable statutory provisions in AD/CA Leave
Applications (“AD/CA Leave Provisions”) and the existing common law
principles.

(c) The proper interpretation of these statutory provisions.

60 Before embarking on the analysis proper, we set out three key points which
not only frame the overall context in which AD/CA Leave Applications are
brought before the Court of Appeal, but also inform our analysis on the
statutory scheme governing AD/CA Leave Applications.

(a) First, AD/CA Leave Applications are brought in situations where the AD has
already heard an appeal and delivered its decision (see Noor Azlin (transfer)
at [7]). The parties would have already had an opportunity to litigate their
disputes before an appellate court which usually sits as a coram of three
judges. The parties are therefore seeking a “further appeal from the Appellate
Division” [emphasis added] by way of such an application (see O 57 r 2A(3) of
the ROC).

(b) Second, the AD was established for reasons that have both quantitative and
qualitative roots – namely, to alleviate the growing caseload of the Court of
Appeal whilst simultaneously permitting the Court of Appeal to focus its
resources on matters which would benefit from its expertise as the apex court
of the land (see Noor Azlin (transfer) at [5]).

(c) Flowing from the above two points, the AD is “a court which in some
respects is akin to an intermediate appellate court” (see Noor Azlin
(transfer) at [2]). We pause for a moment to stress that the key words in that
sentence are “akin to”, and not “intermediate appellate court”. While the
Court of Appeal remains the apex court of Singapore with the AD located just
under it in the court hierarchy, the AD is not meant to be seen as a “further
tier” of appeal that must be crossed before a matter can reach the Court of
Appeal. In the vast majority of cases, once an appeal has been heard by the
AD, the AD will serve as the final appellate court (see Noor Azlin (transfer)
at [2] and [38]; see also the Second Reading of the Supreme Court of
Judicature (Amendment) Bill (Bill No 32/2019), Singapore Parliamentary
Debates, Official Report (5 November 2019) vol 94 (“2019 Parliamentary
Debates”)).

The statutory scheme governing AD/CA Leave Applications

An overview of the statutory scheme

61 The purpose of the statutory scheme governing AD/CA Leave Applications
within the SCJA and ROC is to provide a tightly confined and highly limited
avenue for parties to appeal against certain decisions of the AD. During the
2019 Parliamentary Debates, the Senior Minister of State for Law, Mr Edwin
Tong Chun Fai (“Senior Minister of State for Law”) took pains to emphasise
that “[i]t will not be commonplace for appeals to be brought to the Appellate
Division first and then further brought on to the Court of Appeal”. Among
other things, the provisions of the SCJA and the ROC make clear that any
appeals against decisions of the AD may only be brought with leave of the
Court of Appeal and “[a]ll such applications for leave will be assessed based
on criteria that is more stringent than the usual common law principles that
govern applications for leave to appeal against a decision of the [Gen Div]”.
The Senior Minister of State for Law elaborated that the rationale behind the
restrictiveness of this route was that “the parties would already have had one
round of appeal.”

The relevant statutory provisions

62 Part IV of the SCJA deals with matters concerning the “APPELLATE DIVISION
OF HIGH COURT” [capital letters in original]. Division 1 provides for general
matters such as the jurisdiction and composition of the AD, as well as how
decisions are to be made (see ss 31–33 of the SCJA). Division 2 contains
provisions which expound on the AD’s civil jurisdiction. These include the
power to direct that certain matters be heard without oral arguments and the
power of the AD to summarily dismiss any appeal or application on its own
motion (see ss 37–38 of the SCJA). Division 3 contains provisions for appeals
against decisions of the AD and is the focus of our analysis here.

63 Division 3 of the SCJA provides as follows:

Division 3 —Matters that are non-appealable or appealable only with leave

No appeal in certain cases

46\. An appeal cannot be brought against a decision of the Appellate Division
in the cases specified in the Ninth Schedule.

Leave required to appeal

47.—(1) An appeal against a decision of the Appellate Division made in the
exercise of its appellate civil jurisdiction may only be brought with the
leave of the Court of Appeal.

(2) The Court of Appeal may grant leave under subsection (1) only if the
appeal will raise a point of law of public importance.

(3) In deciding whether to grant leave under subsection (1) or in determining,
for the purposes of subsection (2), whether an appeal will raise a point of
law of public importance, the Court of Appeal is to have regard to matters
prescribed by the Rules of Court.

(4) To avoid doubt —

(a) the Court of Appeal is not required to grant leave under subsection (1)
even if the appeal will raise a point of law of public importance; and

(b) leave may be granted under subsection (1) even if the decision of the
Appellate Division sought to be appealed against —

(i) was made in an appeal transferred by the Court of Appeal to the Appellate
Division under section 29E(1); or

(ii) was made in an appeal to the Appellate Division that the Court of Appeal
declined to transfer to itself under section 29D(1).

64 Division 3 of the SCJA may be seen as the bedrock of the AD’s existence as
a court “akin to” [emphasis added] an intermediate appellate court (see Noor
Azlin (transfer) at [2]). Its provisions reflect a fine balance; they
highlight that the AD is the final appellate court in the vast majority of
cases, while simultaneously underscoring the Court of Appeal’s status as the
apex court of Singapore. This balance is achieved in six key ways.

(a) First, the AD’s decision in respect of any case that falls within the
Ninth Schedule to the SCJA is final, there being no further avenue of appeal
that dissatisfied litigants can avail themselves of pursuant to s 46 of the
SCJA.

(b) Second, the Court of Appeal has the power to hear appeals against
decisions of the AD in respect of cases that do not fall within the Ninth
Schedule to the SCJA. We term such appeals “Eligible Appeals”.

(c) Third, Eligible Appeals cannot be brought automatically as of right. In
all cases, parties must first make an AD/CA Leave Application to the Court of
Appeal to seek leave to bring an Eligible Appeal before the Court of Appeal
under s 47(1) of the SCJA.

(d) Fourth, the Court of Appeal may grant leave in respect of an Eligible
Appeal “only if the appeal will raise a point of law of public importance”
[emphasis added] under s 47(2) of the SCJA. The provision therefore contains a
threshold condition which, if not fulfilled, will automatically cut-off any
prospect of the grant of leave. We refer to this as the “Threshold Merits
Requirement”.

(e) Fifth, in deciding whether:

(i) leave ought to be granted under s 47(1) of the SCJA; or

(ii) the appeal fulfils the Threshold Merits Requirement under s 47(2) of the
SCJA,

the Court of Appeal is to have regard to matters prescribed in the ROC
pursuant to s 47(3) of the SCJA.

(f) Finally, even if the Eligible Appeal fulfils the Threshold Merits
Requirement under s 47(2) of the SCJA, the Court of Appeal has the discretion
to decline to grant leave as stipulated under s 47(4) of the SCJA. In
particular, s 47(4)(a) of the SCJA states that “the Court of Appeal is not
required to grant leave under subsection (1) even if the appeal will raise a
point of law of public importance” [emphasis added].

65 The “matters prescribed by the Rules of Court” in s 47(3) of the SCJA refer
presently to those contained in O 57 r 2A(3) of the ROC which states as
follows:

Application to Court of Appeal for leave to appeal against decision of General
Division or Appellate Division (O. 57, r. 2A)

…

(3) For the purposes of section 47(3) of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act,
in deciding whether to grant leave under section 47(1) of that Act, the Court
of Appeal is to have regard (in addition to the matter specified in section
47(2) of that Act of whether the appeal will raise a point of law of public
importance) to whether it is appropriate for that Court to hear a further
appeal from the Appellate Division, taking into account all relevant matters,
including either or both of the following:

(a) whether a decision of the Court of Appeal is required to resolve the point
of law;

(b) whether the interests of the administration of justice, either generally
or in the particular case, require the consideration by the Court of Appeal of
the point of law.

66 It is evident that O 57 r 2A(3) of the ROC further restricts the cases in
which the Court of Appeal will grant leave in AD/CA Leave Applications under s
47 of the SCJA.

(a) In addition to the Threshold Merits Requirement under s 47(2) of the SCJA,
the Court of Appeal will also consider the further question of “whether it is
appropriate for [the Court of Appeal] to hear a further appeal from the
Appellate Division” pursuant to O 57 r 2A(3) of the ROC when deciding whether
to grant leave under s 47(1) of the SCJA. We refer to this as the
“Discretionary Appropriateness Requirement”.

(b) In considering the Discretionary Appropriateness Requirement, the Court of
Appeal takes into account all relevant matters, including either one or both
of the two stipulated matters under O 57 rr 2A(3)(a) or 2A(3)(b) of the ROC
(collectively the “Stipulated Considerations”).

Two perceived ambiguities in relation to the statutory scheme governing AD/CA
Leave Applications

67 At this juncture, we digress briefly to resolve two perceived ambiguities
in the statutory scheme laid out above.

(1) The first ambiguity

68 The first ambiguity is whether the Stipulated Considerations are to be
considered under the Threshold Merits Requirement or the Discretionary
Appropriateness Requirement (collectively referred to as the “Requirements”).

69 On the one hand, s 47(3) of the SCJA states that the Court of Appeal is to
have regard to the matters prescribed by the ROC when considering whether to
grant leave under s 47(1) of the SCJA or, “in determining, for the purposes of
[s 47(2) of the SCJA], whether an appeal will raise a point of law of public
importance” [emphasis added]. This suggests that the Stipulated Considerations
may be relevant also to the Threshold Merits Requirement, by virtue of the
fact that they are self-evidently contained within the ROC.

70 On the other hand, O 57 r 2A(3) of the ROC states that, in deciding whether
to grant leave under s 47(1) of the SCJA, the Court of Appeal “is to have
regard (in addition to the matter specified in [s 47(2) of the SCJA]) to
whether it is appropriate for [the Court of Appeal] to hear a further appeal
from the Appellate Division, taking into account all relevant matters”
[emphasis added], including the Stipulated Considerations. This indicates that
the Stipulated Considerations are relevant only to the Discretionary
Appropriateness Requirement.

71 In our judgment, the Stipulated Considerations ought to be considered under
the Discretionary Appropriateness Requirement. We say this for three reasons.

72 First, a consideration of the AD/CA Leave Provisions as a whole reveals
that the Stipulated Considerations feature only under the Discretionary
Appropriateness Requirement. As a starting point, we do not think that the
words in s 47(3) of the SCJA which require the Court of Appeal “to have regard
to matters prescribed by the Rules of Court” to determine “for the purposes of
[s 47(2) of the SCJA], whether an appeal will raise a point of law of public
importance” [emphasis added] definitively parks the Stipulated Considerations
under both the Threshold Merits Requirement and the Discretionary
Appropriateness Requirement. The phrase “matters prescribed by the Rules of
Court” is worded broadly so as to require the Court of Appeal to consider the
ROC, including any future amendments to the ROC pertaining to the AD/CA Leave
Provisions. There is no mention of the Stipulated Considerations in s 47 of
the SCJA, much less any indication that Parliament intended for the Court of
Appeal to consider the Stipulated Considerations in the context of the
Threshold Merits Requirement. This being the case, s 47 of the SCJA does not
specifically contemplate the Stipulated Considerations and is not immediately
clear as to exactly where and when they ought to be considered as part of the
Court of Appeal’s inquiry.

73 In contrast, the words in parentheses in O 57 r 2A(3) of the ROC (ie, “in
addition to the matter specified in section 47(2) of that Act of whether the
appeal will raise a point of law of public importance” [emphasis added]), draw
a clear line between the Threshold Merits Requirement and the Discretionary
Appropriateness Requirement, and parks the Stipulated Considerations firmly
under the latter inquiry. As such, the plain wording of the AD/CA Leave
Provisions indicates that the Stipulated Considerations feature only under the
Discretionary Appropriateness Requirement.

74 Second, our interpretation above is aligned with Parliament’s intention as
to the manner in which the Court of Appeal’s inquiry would proceed in AD/CA
Leave Applications. During the 2019 Parliamentary Debates, the Senior Minister
of State for Law introduced the Stipulated Considerations in the context of
AD/CA Leave Applications by stating that:

The Court of Appeal will consider granting leave only if the appeal raises a
point of law of public importance. The Court of Appeal may also take into
consideration other factors, such as whether a decision of the Court of
Appeal, as the apex [court], is required to resolve the point of law and
whether the interests of the administration of justice require the Court of
Appeal's consideration of that point of law. [emphasis added in italics and
bold italics]

In response to questions from two Members of Parliament, Mr Murali Pillai and
Mr Louis Ng Kok Kwang, about the power of the Court of Appeal to decline to
grant leave for a further appeal from the AD even if the Threshold Merits
Requirement is fulfilled, the Senior Minister of State for Law further
elaborated that the Court of Appeal would turn to the Stipulated
Considerations as a subsequent step. He stated as follows:

Under our proposed amendments, it is a requirement that the appeal ought to
raise a point of law of public importance for leave to be considered. However,
as Members would appreciate, this alone would not be sufficient as a criterion
to grant leave of appeal.

Other matters in the interest of the administration of justice were also
considered. That in fact is the position today.

Whether or not there should be further appeal should take into account the
fact that the parties had had already a chance to raise their arguments, and
nothing new is coming through in the application for leave to appeal. They
raised the arguments before the Appellate Division, and the Appellate Division
has reviewed them and decided on that point of law.

In other jurisdictions, it is not always sufficient as well just to rely on a
point of law of public importance to seek and obtain permission for leave to
appeal and I will just cite one example. In Australia, section 35A of
Australia’s Judiciary Act provides that the High Court of Australia may, when
determining whether to grant special leave to appeal, “have regard to any
matters that it considers relevant” and that this shall include not only
whether the appeal involves a question of law of public importance, but also
other factors, such as whether the interests of justice require it. So, there
is a degree of flexibility in the discretion given to the judge to assess a
particular case and to assess whether, on top of the question of public
importance, there are other reasons in the dispensation of justice for this to
be heard on appeal.

[emphasis added]

75 These two excerpts from the 2019 Parliamentary Debates show that a clear
distinction must be drawn between the Threshold Merits Requirement and the
Discretionary Appropriateness Requirement. The former is a rigid threshold
condition that must be fulfilled in order for the Court of Appeal to grant
leave, a point we have made above at [64(d)]. The latter is a requirement that
accords the Court of Appeal a degree of flexibility in the exercise of its
discretion. In line with this spirit of flexibility, the Court of Appeal is
empowered to take into account “all relevant matters”, including either or
both of the Stipulated Considerations under O 57 r 2A(3) of the ROC. Further,
it is clear from the excerpts that the legislative drafters had contemplated
the Stipulated Considerations as falling only under the latter.

76 Third and flowing from the above two points, it is logical for the
Stipulated Considerations to be considered only under the Discretionary
Appropriateness Requirement in the context of AD/CA Leave Applications. Both
Stipulated Considerations are fulfilled only in respect of points of law.
This, in itself, is already a sub-requirement that must be fulfilled under the
Threshold Merits Requirement, a point which we return to later at [94]
onwards. It would be strange if the same sub-requirement of “point of law”
would need to be considered twice under the threshold stage of the Court of
Appeal’s inquiry in AD/CA Leave Applications, and again under the
discretionary stage. There would be a curious duplication of effort if the
Stipulated Considerations were relevant to both Requirements since if the
Stipulated Considerations are satisfied under the Discretionary
Appropriateness Requirement (which are explicitly parked under in O 57 r 2A(3)
of the ROC), there would be no reason why they would not also satisfy the
Threshold Merits Requirement.

77 Drawing together the above points, in our judgment, the Stipulated
Consideration must be considered only under the Discretionary Appropriateness
Requirement, after the applicant shows to the satisfaction of the Court of
Appeal that the appeal he seeks to bring fulfils the Threshold Merits
Requirement.

78 For the avoidance of doubt, we state that our view in respect of the proper
position of the Stipulated Considerations within the statutory scheme pertains
only to AD/CA Leave Applications. In so far as an applicant seeks to convince
the Court of Appeal that the appeal will raise a point of law of public
importance in the context of a transfer application, the holding in Noor Azlin
(transfer) will continue to apply.

79 While we recognise that there are a large number of similarities in terms
of how the words “a point of law of public importance” ought to be interpreted
in the light of the fact that the same statutory language is used in both s 47
of the SCJA and O 56A r 12(3)(b) of the ROC (see further at [96] below), the
fact remains that the nature and purpose of the two applications are different
and both must be evaluated separately (albeit with careful regard to the
replicated statutory wording within both provisions and Parliament’s intention
behind this). AD/CA Leave Applications concern the grant of leave for an
applicant to bring a second further appeal against a decision of the AD, while
transfer applications pertain to the appropriate court before which an
appellant can bring a first appeal.

(2) The second ambiguity

80 The second ambiguity is whether the fulfilment of both Requirements will
guarantee the grant of leave under s 47(1) of the SCJA. It is evident from s
47(2) of the SCJA that the Threshold Merits Requirement is a threshold
condition which must be fulfilled before the Court of Appeal can grant leave,
and must therefore be considered either prior to, or in tandem with the
Discretionary Appropriateness Requirement (see s 47(3) of the SCJA).

81 This point is underscored by s 47(4)(a) of the SCJA, a hugely significant
provision which makes explicit that the fulfilment of the Threshold Merits
Requirement does not ipso facto lead to the grant of leave (as explained above
at [64(f)]). There is, however, no equivalent provision in respect of the
Discretionary Appropriateness Requirement.

82 In our judgment, the fulfilment of both Requirements only goes towards
increasing the applicant’s prospects of obtaining leave and not towards
guaranteeing it. Order 57 r 2A(3) of the ROC merely states that the Court of
Appeal “is to have regard” to the Discretionary Appropriateness Requirement.
This means that the fulfilment of the Discretionary Appropriateness
Requirement is but one of the considerations that the Court of Appeal may have
regard to when deciding whether to grant leave. There is no mention of this
requirement being determinative and furthermore “appropriateness” is not a
monolithic concept. It is a matter of degree to be determined according to the
unique facts and circumstances of the case. As we will explain later, this
view is supported by both the plain reading of the AD/CA Leave Provisions, as
well as the purpose and object of O 57 r 2A(3) of the ROC and the
Discretionary Appropriateness Requirement (see at [113]–[127] below).

A summary of the statutory scheme

83 The statutory scheme governing AD/CA Leave Applications can be summarised
as follows.

(a) First, the applicant must ascertain whether the further appeal that he or
she seeks to bring before the Court of Appeal falls within any of the
prescribed categories of cases in the Ninth Schedule to the SCJA.

(i) If the answer is in the affirmative, no appeal may be brought to the Court
of Appeal pursuant to s 46 of the SCJA.

(ii) If the answer is in the negative, the appeal is an Eligible Appeal and
the applicant can move to the next step.

(b) Second, the applicant must seek leave to bring the Eligible Appeal before
the Court of Appeal in an AD/CA Leave Application.

(c) Third, in the AD/CA Leave Application, the applicant must show that the
Eligible Appeal fulfils the Threshold Merits Requirement.

(i) If the answer is in the affirmative, proceed to the next step.

(ii) If the answer is in the negative, leave will not be granted by the Court
of Appeal.

(d) Fourth, the applicant must show that the Eligible Appeal fulfils the
Discretionary Appropriateness Requirement.

(i) If the answer is in the affirmative, leave may be granted by the Court of
Appeal.

(ii) If the answer is in the negative, leave will not be granted by the Court
of Appeal.

84 This statutory scheme may be illustrated diagrammatically as follows:

* * *

![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)

* * *

Interaction between the AD/CA Leave Provisions and the common law

85 Under the common law, leave to appeal against a decision of the Gen Div has
traditionally been granted in three non-exhaustive situations, as set out
authoritatively in the case of Lee Kuan Yew (at [16]):

(a) where there was a prima facie case of error;

(b) where the matter involved a question of general principle decided for the
first time; and

(c) where the matter involved a question of importance upon which further
argument and a decision of a higher tribunal would be to the public advantage.

These same principles have been adopted in applications for leave to appeal
against decisions of the Gen Div before the AD (see the decision of the AD in
Hwa Aik Engineering Pte Ltd v Munshi Mohammad Faiz and another [2021] 1 SLR
1288 (“Hwa Aik Engineering”) at [8]). In other words, applications for leave
to appeal against decisions of the Gen Div are to be assessed on the same
principles, regardless of whether they are placed before the AD or the Court
of Appeal. We refer to these two applications collectively as “Gen Div Leave
Applications”.

86 Having regard to the statutory scheme as laid out above, a preliminary
question that must first be answered is whether the principles in Lee Kuan Yew
continue to apply in AD/CA Leave Applications.

87 We answer this in the negative. AD/CA Leave Applications must be assessed
differently from Gen Div Leave Applications for three reasons.

88 First and most importantly, the statutory provisions governing AD/CA Leave
Applications mandate that such applications are to be assessed differently
from the common law principles laid down in Lee Kuan Yew. Unlike Gen Div Leave
Applications, statute lays down precise criteria by which AD/CA Leave
Applications are to be assessed by the Court of Appeal (ie, the Threshold
Merits Requirement and the Discretionary Appropriateness Requirement). While
there is some similarity between the Threshold Merits Requirement and the
third requirement in Lee Kuan Yew in the sense that both involve a question of
law, the resolution of which would be to the “public” advantage or a question
of law of importance, Parliament was certainly aware of the traditional
principles governing Gen Div Leave Applications (see the speech of the Senior
Minister of State for Law set out below at [89]), but eschewed them in favour
of enacting novel criteria seen nowhere else in Singapore’s law, save for O
56A r 12(3)(b) of the ROC, a point to which we return to later at [96]–[99]
below. This omission is telling and AD/CA Leave Applications must therefore be
assessed on the basis of criteria laid down by the novel statutory provisions
in the SCJA and ROC, and not the established principles of the common law.

89 Second, Parliament has made clear in no uncertain terms that AD/CA Leave
Applications are to be assessed differently from Gen Div Leave Applications,
in terms of both the criteria and the stringency of review. During the 2019
Parliamentary Debates, the Senior Minister of State for Law introduced the
statutory scheme governing AD/CA Leave Applications in the Supreme Court of
Judicature (Amendment) Bill (Bill No 32/2019) as follows:

Where an appeal has been heard and decided by the Appellate Division, any
further appeal against the decision of the Appellate Division may only be
brought with the leave of the Court of Appeal. This is consistent with the
practice in other jurisdictions such as the United States, United Kingdom and
Australia, where there is no automatic right of appeal to the apex court.

All such applications for leave will be assessed based on criteria that is
more stringent than the usual common law principles that govern applications
for leave to appeal against a decision of the General Division. To be clear,
if you need to seek leave to appeal from the first instance, High Court
currently, or the General Division, those principles are fairly settled, I
think Members know. But, the principles on which leave will be [assessed] to
be granted for appeals from the Appellate Division up to the apex court, those
would be applied in a far more stringent manner. Because in those situations,
the parties would already have had one round of appeal.

The Court of Appeal will consider granting leave only if the appeal raises a
point of law of public importance. The Court of Appeal may also take into
consideration other factors, such as whether a decision of the Court of
Appeal, as the apex [court], is required to resolve the point of law and
whether the interests of the administration of justice require the Court of
Appeal's consideration of that point of law.

To be clear, so that I do not come across as suggesting that there are
automatically three stages, three tiers of Courts, the Appellate Division
should not be seen as a further tier of appeal that must be crossed before a
matter can reach the Court of Appeal. Where an appeal lies from a decision of
the General Division, then the appeal will lie either to the Appellate
Division or to the Court of Appeal. It will not be commonplace for appeals to
be brought to the Appellate Division first and then further brought on to the
Court of Appeal. I hope I have explained that clearly enough.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

Taken together, the first and second points raised above indicate that AD/CA
Leave Applications must be assessed on criteria that are not only different
from, but also on standards that are more stringent than, those governing Gen
Div Leave Applications – this being the intention of Parliament as gleaned
from the plain statutory wording in the SCJA and the ROC, and as expressly
articulated in the speech of the Senior Minister of State for Law during the
2019 Parliamentary Debates.

90 Third, the common law principles and standards in Gen Div Leave
Applications cannot apply to AD/CA Leave Applications because the two
applications are intrinsically different. Parties in the latter application
would already have had “one round of appeal” such that, as explained by the
Senior Minister of State for Law during the 2019 Parliamentary Debates, they
would have already “raised the arguments before the Appellate Division, and
the Appellate Division [would have] reviewed them and decided on that point of
law” [emphasis added] (see [74] above for the full extract).

91 Harking back to the points made above at [60(a)] and [60(c)], the appeals
before the AD are usually heard by a coram of three judges and the AD is meant
to serve as the final appellate court in the vast majority of cases. This
applies even for appeals against decisions of the Gen Div which are also
appeals against the decisions of a lower court judge (for example, District
Judges and Assistant Registrars) because these are usually heard by a single
judge of the Gen Div (see the High Court decision of TUC v TUD [2017] 4 SLR
1360 (“TUC”) at [12]). The application of the same common law principles to
AD/CA Leave Applications would result in an absurd situation. It would mean
that in every case where leave to bring an appeal against a decision of the
Gen Div is granted by the AD, leave would ipso facto be granted in an AD/CA
Leave Application against the eventual decision of the AD in the same case.
Given that the AD was established to alleviate the growing caseload of the
Court of Appeal (see above at [60(b)]), this would lead to the very strange
and unintended (and even bizarre as well as contradictory) consequence where
the Court of Appeal becomes flooded with appeals and applications by the very
same amendments to the SCJA which purport to quantitatively alleviate its case
load.

92 By way of observation, the usual constitution of the AD as a bench of three
judges, and Parliament’s express intention that the AD will usually serve as
the final stop for parties in the vast majority of cases, when juxtaposed
against the possibility of a two-tier appeal inherent in AD/CA Leave
Applications indicate that such applications are more juridically similar to
the following two types of applications than Gen Div Leave Applications.

(a) First, an application to refer questions of law of public interest to the
Court of Appeal under s 397 of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev
Ed) in a case where the appeal before the Gen Div had been heard by a
specially constituted coram of three judges. This would “generally represent a
final and authoritative determination of the issues arising from the case” and
no leave would (absent exceptional circumstances) be given for a further
reference to the Court of Appeal because a three-judge coram in a Magistrate’s
Appeal is a de facto Court of Appeal that is convened precisely to deal with
important questions affecting the public interest which require detailed
examination (see the decision of this court in Chew Eng Han v Public
Prosecutor [2017] 2 SLR 1130 (“Chew Eng Han”) generally and specifically at
[46]–[49]).

(b) Second, an application for leave to appeal against a decision of the Gen
Div in a highly anomalous scenario where the matter was heard by a specially
constituted bench of three judges. In such cases, even though the principles
in Lee Kuan Yew could apply, leave to appeal would not be granted on the
second and third grounds save in exceptional circumstances (see TUC at [13]).
The rationale behind this, as stated by Judith Prakash JA in TUC at [12], was
that:

12 … it is not often that an appeal to the High Court will be heard by three
judges. Such a procedure is necessary only when there are novel or important
legal issues requiring detailed examination. It may fairly be presumed that
the resulting decision will consider the issues at some length and the
analysis thereof will be highly persuasive. …

Both Chew Eng Han and TUC are decisions that pre-date the establishment of the
AD on 2 January 2021. They must therefore be read with the old context of a
single-tier appeal system in mind. Nonetheless, they remain instructive in so
far as they articulate the considerations behind the Court of Appeal’s
heightened scrutiny in applications for leave to appeal against decisions made
by a coram of three judges as opposed to one, even if all the judges sit in
the same capacity as Gen Div Judges.

93 Bearing in mind the foregoing, the principles laid down in Lee Kuan Yew
cannot be imported wholesale into AD/CA Leave Applications. The criteria and
standard of review applicable to such applications must be determined on a
fresh slate in accordance with the relevant statutory requirements. It
therefore follows that the Husband is correct in advancing OS 21 on the basis
of the statutory provisions governing AD/CA Leave Applications, as opposed to
the common law principles in Lee Kuan Yew. The Wife is thus mistaken in
arguing otherwise.

94 With this, we turn to consider the statutory provisions that the Husband
seeks to rely on in respect of his AD/CA Leave Application in OS 21. In doing
so, we will bear in mind the applicable framework for statutory interpretation
set out in Tan Cheng Bock v Attorney-General [2017] 2 SLR 850 (“Tan Cheng
Bock” and “Tan Cheng Bock Framework”) at [37].

Interpretation of the AD/CA Leave Provisions

The Threshold Merits Requirement

95 To recapitulate, the Threshold Merits Requirement is encapsulated in s
47(2) of the SCJA which states that:

The Court of Appeal may grant leave under subsection (1) only if the appeal
will raise a point of law of public importance.

As mentioned above at [64(d)] and [80], the words “only if” make it explicit
that the Threshold Merits Requirement is a threshold condition which must be
fulfilled before the Court of Appeal may grant leave under s 47(1) of the
SCJA. The requirement can be broken up into three parts: (a) “an appeal will
raise”; (b) “a point of law”; and (c) “of public importance”.

96 Before addressing each part in turn, we return to the point that we had
made earlier at [79] above in relation to the interplay between the AD/CA
Leave Applications and transfer applications.

97 On the one hand, it is necessary to recognise that the statutory wording of
the Threshold Merits Requirement in s 47(2) of the SCJA is wholly replicated
under O 56A r 12(3)(b) of the ROC. This provision provides that the Court of
Appeal may choose to transfer an appeal that has been made to the AD (and
which is currently pending before the AD) to itself, on the basis that “it is
more appropriate for the Court of Appeal to hear the appeal”, if it is
satisfied that “the appeal will raise a point of law of public importance”.
This same point had been considered in Noor Azlin (transfer) at [53] and
[59]–[62]. In particular, as stated in Noor Azlin (transfer) at [61], the
identical wording contained within the two provisions suggests that they
should be interpreted in a similar fashion, if there is no reason to suggest
otherwise (see the decision of this court in Skyventure VWT Singapore Pte Ltd
v Chief Assessor and another and another matter [2021] 2 SLR 116 at [38]–[39],
citing Tan Cheng Bock at [58(c)(i)]).

98 On the other hand, one must also bear in mind that O 56A r 12(3)(b) of the
ROC and the requirement therein appear in the different and distinguishable
context of transfer applications.

99 To account for these two competing considerations, we will apply a modified
approach when considering the possible interpretations of the three parts to
the Threshold Merits Requirement under stage 1 of the Tan Cheng Bock Framework
as follows.

(a) First, we will lay out the analysis in Noor Azlin (transfer) which
concerns the possible interpretations of the plain wording of the statutory
provision.

(b) Second, we will consider whether this analysis can apply in the context of
s 47(2) of the SCJA within the written law as a whole – ie, an AD/CA Leave
Application and the statutory scheme governing it as laid out at [62]–[83]
above.

(i) If we answer this in the negative, we will undertake the analysis afresh.

(ii) If we answer this in the affirmative, we will consider if there is room
to elaborate or build upon the analysis in Noor Azlin (transfer).

(1) Part 1: “The appeal will raise”

100 The analysis in Noor Azlin (transfer) is as follows (at [54]):

54 … The targeted words “the appeal will raise” indicate that the point of law
of public importance must be a live issue in the appeal, ie, one which
directly arises for the court’s determination, and which has a substantial
bearing on the outcome of the appeal. It cannot be a hypothetical or merely
theoretical question which is peripheral or irrelevant to the appeal.

101 The above interpretation accords with a plain reading of the words “the
appeal will raise” and is entirely applicable to s 47(2) of the SCJA and AD/CA
Leave Applications. We will simply emphasise again that the point of law of
public importance must arise directly for the Court of Appeal’s determination
and must have a substantial bearing on the outcome of the appeal.

102 As a matter of good practice, an applicant in an AD/CA Leave Application
ought to explain how the claimed “point of law of public importance” will:

(a) arise on the facts of the case for the Court of Appeal’s determination;
and

(b) have a substantial bearing on the outcome of the appeal if leave is
granted.

103 In the light of the fact that AD/CA Leave Applications are brought after
parties had already availed themselves of an appeal before the AD (see s 47(1)
of the SCJA), we add that the point of law of public importance that “the
appeal will raise” must arise from the decision and reasoning of the court
below, ie, the AD (see also the decision of the AD in Ho Soo Fong and another
v Ho Pak Kim Realty Co Pte Ltd (in liquidation) [2021] SGHC(A) 11 at [8] which
is to similar effect). It will not be sufficient for an applicant to show that
the Gen Div had considered the claimed point of law of public importance, if
that same point had been abandoned by the parties or, for some reason or
other, had not been raised before the AD.

104 The simple reason for this is that an appeal (especially, a second-tier
appeal if leave is granted under s 47(1) of the SCJA) is not a retrial. As
stated by this court in JWR Pte Ltd v Edmond Pereira Law Corp and another
[2020] 2 SLR 744 at [32], when hearing an appeal, the Court of Appeal
considers, in the main, whether the court below was wrong or otherwise in its
decision. It would therefore be an abuse of process (barring exceptional
circumstances) for an appellant or applicant to seek to mount arguments on an
entirely new case, or, to seek leave to appeal on the basis of arguments which
had not been raised before the AD.

(2) Part 2: “A point of law”

105 The analysis in Noor Azlin (transfer) is (at [55]) as follows:

55 The explicit reference to “law” in O 56A r 12(3)(b) of the ROC makes clear
that this provision will not be engaged if the appeal relates to points which
are factual in nature, even if they are of public importance. The distinction
between questions of law and mere questions of fact has been clearly laid down
by this court in Chew Eng Han v Public Prosecutor [2017] 2 SLR 1130 (“Chew Eng
Han”) at [42]–[44]. The former is necessarily normative in nature given that
it would apply generally or universally to other (similar) situations. The
latter, on the other hand, is necessarily confined or limited to the case at
hand.

106 The above interpretation is cogent and is entirely applicable to s 47(2)
of the SCJA and AD/CA Leave Applications.

(3) Part 3: A point of law “of public importance”

107 The analysis in Noor Azlin (transfer) is (at [56]–[59] and [61]–[62]) as
follows:

56 The question of whether a point of law of public importance arises in an
appeal must depend upon the facts and circumstances of the case … An ordinary
reading of the words indicates that the point (when adjudicated upon) will
have weighty ramifications that go beyond the parties to the dispute such that
it would be more appropriate for the Court of Appeal than the AD to deal with
the appeal by virtue of its powers and stature as the apex court of the land.

57 By way of a brief aside, the interpretation of the requirement of “question
of law of public interest” is to a similar effect in the context of the
requirements for leave to bring a criminal reference under s 397 of the
Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed) (see Chew Eng Han at [43],
citing the decision of this court in Mohammad Faizal bin Sabtu and another v
Public Prosecutor and another matter [2013] 2 SLR 141 at [19]).

58 Obvious examples of appeals within this provision will include appeals that
will engage new questions of law of general application and those that will
involve conflicting decisions of the Court of Appeal or the AD which need to
be resolved so as to bring certainty to significant areas of law. Conversely,
appeals which simply pertain to well-established principles of law or centre
on whether the Gen Div or the former High Court has correctly applied
established legal principles to the facts of the case, will not fall into this
category.

59 The words “point of law of public importance” must also be read in the
context of the written law as a whole. Quite apart from the dictates of the
interpretive framework in Tan Cheng Bock … at [37(a)], this is important
because the wording of the provision is wholly replicated under s 47(2) of the
SCJA as a prerequisite for obtaining leave to appeal against a decision of the
AD to the Court of Appeal.

…

61 It has been previously mentioned that such leave to appeal is granted on
very narrow grounds … and certainly on more stringent criteria than a transfer
application under s 29D of the SCJA. The identical wording in these provisions
indicates that “a point of law of public importance” in O 56A r 12(3)(b) of
the ROC must be interpreted narrowly as well, and on the basis of similar
principles, there being no reason to suggest otherwise (see the decision of
this court in Skyventure VWT Singapore Pte Ltd v Chief Assessor and another
and another matter [2021] SGCA 40 (“Skyventure”) at [38]–[39], citing Tan
Cheng Bock at [58(c)(i)]).

62 While O 56A r 12 of the ROC does not provide any further clues as to what
constitutes … “a point of law of public importance”, these can be found in O
57 r 2A(3) of the ROC which elaborates on some relevant matters which may go
toward fulfilling this ground … [R]elevant matters to be taken into account in
order to ascertain whether a point of law of public importance arises in the
appeal for the purposes of a transfer application under s 29D of the SCJA
would include those matters prescribed under O 57 rr 2A(3)(a) and 2A(3)(b) of
the ROC, as set out above.

108 It is evident that the above passages quoted from Noor Azlin (transfer) on
O 56A r 12(3)(b) of the ROC were greatly influenced by the provisions in s 47
SCJA and O 57 r 2A(3) of the ROC. This is unsurprising given that the court is
to consider the “context of that provision within written law as a whole”
under stage 1 of the Tan Cheng Bock Framework at [37(a)]. In our judgment,
these quoted observations are equally applicable to s 47(2) of the SCJA and
AD/CA Leave Applications, save for the discussion on the Stipulated
Considerations (see above at [68]–[79]) and whether it would be more
appropriate for the Court of Appeal to hear an appeal than the AD. The proper
consideration is, instead, whether it is appropriate for the Court of Appeal
to hear a further appeal from the AD. Indeed, this is precisely the inquiry
that the Court of Appeal undertakes in respect of the Discretionary
Appropriateness Requirement under s 47(3) of the SCJA read with O 57 r 2A(3)
of the ROC, and we consider it under the next section.

109 For clarity, the principles applicable to the Threshold Merits Requirement
are summarised as follows:

(a) Whether the Threshold Merits Requirement is fulfilled must depend on the
facts and circumstances of the case. It is further implicit at [56] of Noor
Azlin (transfer) that public importance is not a unitary concept, but a matter
of degree. The significance of the appeal as well as its impact beyond the
instant parties to the dispute must be assessed on basis of the facts and
circumstances of the case at hand.

(b) An ordinary reading of the words indicates that the point (when
adjudicated upon) will have weighty ramifications that go beyond the parties
to the dispute (see Noor Azlin (transfer) at [56]).

(c) Obvious examples of appeals which will fulfil the Threshold Merits
Requirement include appeals that will engage new questions of law of general
application and those that will involve conflicting decisions of the Court of
Appeal or the AD which need to be resolved so as to bring certainty to
significant areas of law. Conversely, appeals which simply pertain to well-
established principles of law or centre on whether the Gen Div or the former
High Court had correctly applied established legal principles to the facts of
the case, will not fall into this category (see Noor Azlin (transfer) at
[58]).

(4) Purpose and object of s 47(2) of the SCJA and the Threshold Merits
Requirement

110 The purpose and object of s 47(2) of the SCJA and the Threshold Merits
Requirement is clear. As stated above at [64(d)], [80] and [95], the Threshold
Merits Requirement serves as a threshold condition which must be fulfilled
before the Court of Appeal may grant leave under s 47(1) of the SCJA. In other
words, it serves to sift out unmeritorious matters which do not deserve to be
heard in a further appeal before the Court of Appeal from the outset – there
is no need to consider the Discretionary Appropriateness Requirement if the
Threshold Merits Requirement is not fulfilled.

111 This view finds support in the speech of the Senior Minister of State for
Law during the 2019 Parliamentary Debates in which he stated that “[t]he Court
of Appeal will consider granting leave only if the appeal raises a point of
law of public importance.” [emphasis added]. The Senior Minister of State for
Law further elaborated on this point in response to questions from two Members
of Parliament, Mr Murali Pillai and Mr Louis Ng Kok Kwang about the power of
the Court of Appeal to decline to grant leave for a further appeal from the AD
even if the Threshold Merits Requirement is fulfilled. He explained, in gist,
that whether or not a further appeal should be heard should take into account
the fact that the parties have already had a chance to raise their arguments
before the AD, including in relation to the “point of law of public
importance” and “the Appellate Division has reviewed [their arguments] and
decided on that point of law”. It follows, therefore, that the mere fulfilment
of the Threshold Merits Requirement alone would not be sufficient as a
criterion to secure the grant of leave. The reply of the Senior Minister of
State for Law on this point is reproduced in full at [74] above.

112 The purpose and object of s 47(2) of the SCJA and the Threshold Merits
Requirement is therefore entirely in line with the plain reading of the
provision in the context of AD/CA Leave Applications as well as the statutory
scheme governing it (as set out above at [95]–[109]).

The Discretionary Appropriateness Requirement

113 The Discretionary Appropriateness Requirement is found in O 57 r 2A(3) of
the ROC which states as follows:

(3) For the purposes of section 47(3) of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act,
in deciding whether to grant leave under section 47(1) of that Act, the Court
of Appeal is to have regard (in addition to the matter specified in section
47(2) of that Act of whether the appeal will raise a point of law of public
importance) to whether it is appropriate for that Court to hear a further
appeal from the Appellate Division, taking into account all relevant matters,
including either or both of the following:

(a) whether a decision of the Court of Appeal is required to resolve the point
of law;

(b) whether the interests of the administration of justice, either generally
or in the particular case, require the consideration by the Court of Appeal of
the point of law.

[emphasis added]

114 The context which frames the Court of Appeal’s inquiry in respect of the
Discretionary Appropriateness Requirement is found within the statutory
formulation of the requirement itself in O 57 r 2A(3) of the ROC. In other
words, this involves a situation in which the AD has already heard an appeal
and presumably dealt with the same legal issues which the applicant was
seeking leave to litigate in a further appeal before the Court of Appeal. This
context must in turn be informed by (a) the status and powers that the Court
of Appeal possesses as the apex court of the land, and (b) the court hierarchy
as set out in the SCJA and the ROC.

115 As a court akin to an intermediate appellate court, the AD has the power
to overrule decisions of the Gen Div as well as other lower courts. It can
depart from previous AD precedents but it does not have the powers, unlike the
Court of Appeal to: (a) overturn or overrule other decisions of the AD; or (b)
depart from decisions of the Court of Appeal. This much is obvious from the
scheme of the SCJA as a whole which allows decisions of the Gen Div to be
appealed to the Court of Appeal and the AD, and decisions of the AD to be
appealed to the Court of Appeal in limited situations (see ss 29C and 47 of
the SCJA), as well as the established principles of stare decisis (see Chew
Eng Han at [49]).

116 Reading O 57 r 2A(3) of the ROC in the light of the above context, three
things are immediately apparent about the Discretionary Appropriateness
Requirement.

117 First, in contrast to the Threshold Merits Requirement which functions as
a threshold condition for the grant of leave, the Discretionary
Appropriateness Requirement provides the Court of Appeal with the discretion
to determine whether a further appeal against a decision of the AD ought to be
heard.

118 Second, as mentioned above at [82], “appropriateness” is not a monolithic
concept, but rather a matter of degree. Whether the threshold for leave is
crossed should be determined according to the facts and circumstances of the
case.

119 Third, in determining whether the threshold is crossed, the Court of
Appeal has the flexibility to consider any and all matters that it considers
relevant. This means that its discretion in respect of the Discretionary
Appropriateness Requirement is a broad and wide-ranging one. That said, this
discretion can only be exercised after considering, at the minimum, one of the
two Stipulated Considerations under O 57 r 2A(3)(a) and O 57 r 2A(3)(b) of the
ROC along with any other matter deemed relevant by the Court of Appeal. We
elaborate upon these three points in turn.

(1) Order 57 r 2A(3)(a) of the ROC

120 The first Stipulated Condition is whether a decision of the Court of
Appeal is required to resolve the point of law per O 57 r 2A(3)(a) of the ROC.
The word “required” suggests that no court apart from the apex court is
capable of resolving the instant point of law that arises in the appeal for
which leave is being sought. It is not enough for the point of law to be
novel, or for it to be one that has not been considered by the Court of Appeal
before. This is because the AD is well-equipped to resolve novel and complex
points of law by virtue of the number of judges that usually constitutes a
coram of the AD, as well as their seniority and expertise. Situations which
require a decision of the Court of Appeal to resolve a point of law will be
rare and exceptional. Examples of scenarios which might fulfil O 57 r 2A(3)(a)
of the ROC include (see also TUC at [13]–[14]):

(a) where there are conflicting decisions of the Court of Appeal on the point
of law;

(b) where there are conflicting decisions of the AD on the point of law;

(c) where the bench of the AD which had heard the appeal is split on the
result of the case – even then, however, the divergence must be on a point of
law which has a substantial bearing on the outcome of the case and had
directly contributed to the split; and

(d) where the bench of the AD is unanimous in their decision, but in
circumstances where the bench expresses serious reservation or strong
disagreement with legal principles set out in a past decision of the Court of
Appeal even though the AD was bound by law to apply them.

(2) Order 57 r 2A(3)(b) of the ROC

121 The second Stipulated Condition is whether the interests of the
administration of justice, either generally or in the particular case, require
the consideration by the Court of Appeal of the point of law per O 47 r
2A(3)(b) of the ROC.

122 Order 57 r 2A(3)(b) of the ROC is a stricter but, at the same time, more
lenient provision than O 57 r 2A(3)(a) of the ROC. It is stricter because a
decision of the Court of Appeal is not only “required” in a general sense, but
also required for the specific purpose of furthering “the interests of the
administration of justice” [emphasis added]. It is more lenient because the
words “generally or in the particular case” suggest that O 57 r 2A(3)(b) of
the ROC may be fulfilled even where the interests of the administration of
justice are furthered only in a particular case. This strikes a good balance –
the provision allows the Court of Appeal to step in when it is absolutely
crucial to further the administration of justice in a particular case, but at
the same time prevents abuse of this provision by opportunistic litigants
through imposing a heightened threshold of necessity.

123 In our judgment, cases where O 57 r 2A(3)(b) of the ROC will be engaged in
relation to specific litigants or the particular case before the court will be
few and far between, given the threshold condition that the point of law
raised in the appeal must be of “public importance” under s 47(2) of the SCJA.

124 Further, while it is difficult to prescribe hard and fast rules in respect
of O 57 r 2A(3)(b) of the ROC, examples of cases in which the Court of
Appeal’s consideration of a point of law may be required “in the interests of
the administration of justice” may include those which will concern the
functioning of crucial aspects of Singapore’s legal system or will remedy
serious injustice.

(3) “All relevant matters”

125 Apart from the two Stipulated Considerations, it is presently unclear what
other matters may be “relevant” to the Court of Appeal’s inquiry under O 57 r
2A(3) of the ROC. It is not necessary at this juncture to lay out concrete
rules in respect of what constitutes a “relevant matter” for the purposes of
OS 21.

126 It suffices for us to simply state that the Court of Appeal’s scrutiny in
respect of any allegedly “relevant matter” must be searching so as to prevent
the abuse of the statutory scheme governing AD/CA Leave Applications. Bearing
in mind the purpose and object of the statutory provisions which animate the
AD, only a truly exceptional case will warrant the grant of leave so as to:

(a) prevent duplication of effort in having two appellate courts decide on the
same case;

(b) forestall any undermining of the statutory scheme governing AD/CA Leave
Applications which aims to provide a tightly confined and highly limited
avenue for parties to appeal against only certain decisions of the AD; and

(c) conserve the resources of the Court of Appeal so as to enable it to focus
on matters which would benefit from its expertise as the apex court of the
land.

(4) Purpose and object of O 57 r 2A(3) of the ROC and the Discretionary
Appropriateness Requirement

127 The above reading of the Discretionary Appropriateness Requirement and O
57 r 2A(3) of the ROC is in line with their purpose which is two-fold. First,
the provision acts as a fine-meshed sieve to further restrict the number of
cases which will warrant a further appeal before the Court of Appeal because
“appropriateness” is an added requirement which an applicant must satisfy the
court of, prior to the grant of leave. Second, it accords the Court of Appeal
a broad and wide-ranging discretion to determine whether to hear a further
appeal against a decision of the AD.

128 Support for this can be found, once again, in the speech of the Senior
Minister of State for Law during the 2019 Parliamentary Debates which states
that, much like s 35A of Australia’s Judiciary Act 1903, the provision for the
Court of Appeal to consider “all relevant matters” creates “a degree of
flexibility in the discretion given to the judge to assess a particular case
and to assess whether, on top of the question of public importance, there are
other reasons in the dispensation of justice for this to be heard on appeal”
(see [74] above).

129 Bearing in mind the principles set out above, we turn, for completeness,
to consider the merits of OS 21 in the next section. Before proceeding to do
that, however, we reiterate once more that the purpose of AD/CA Leave
Applications and the statutory scheme governing them within the SCJA and the
ROC is to provide a tightly confined and highly limited avenue for parties to
appeal against certain decisions of the AD. The AD is meant to function as the
final appellate court in the vast majority of cases and any AD/CA Leave
Applications brought to the Court of Appeal will be subject to searching
scrutiny. Leave to bring a further appeal will only be granted in rare and
exceptional cases.

130 It flows from our observations above that parties must be circumspect and
realistic when considering whether or not to bring AD/CA Leave Applications
before this court. Unmeritorious applications brought by applicants who fail
to (a) address specifically both the Threshold Merits Requirement and
Discretionary Appropriateness Requirement, and (b) show satisfactorily that
both Requirements could plausibly be fulfilled on the facts of the case, will
be met with costs consequences. This is especially so if such unmeritorious
applications unnecessarily increase the amount of time taken, the costs or the
complexity of the proceedings.

Issue 2: OS 21 is wholly unmeritorious

131 In our judgment, OS 21 fails at the outset as the Husband has failed to
show that the Anticipated Appeal fulfils the Threshold Merits Requirement, the
threshold condition for this court to grant leave in OS 21.

132 The present case is somewhat unusual because the facts and circumstances
of the dispute between the parties generate a variety of interesting legal
questions which were considered by the Gen Div Judge (as laid out at [35] and
[37] above). Furthermore, at least one of these legal questions has the
potential to materially affect all future applications for financial relief
under Ch 4A – specifically, the question of whether a court exercising its
powers under s 121G of the Women’s Charter to make an order for financial
relief should apply the same approach as a court dealing with the ancillary
matters upon a divorce in Singapore. However, these legal issues had not been
raised before the AD as the parties had chosen to run their cases in AD 16
along factual lines. Correspondingly, the AD Judgment was almost entirely
factual in nature and made no definitive pronouncements on any of the points
of law raised by the Gen Div Judge. By way of illustration, the AD recognised
that the question of the proper approach of division under Ch 4A arose on the
facts of the case, but left the question open for determination in a future
case as the Gen Div Judge’s approach to the division of assets was not
disputed on appeal (see the AD Judgment at [36]). Given that the Husband does
not even raise any of these legal points in OS 21, he is deemed not to wish to
raise them in his Anticipated Appeal (and, in any event, it would have been
too late for him to raise them as these legal points had not been raised
before the AD). As such, even if the legal points considered by the Gen Div
Judge are of sufficient “public importance”, they will still fail to meet the
Threshold Merits Requirement because they will not be raised in the
Anticipated Appeal.

133 As for the six questions that the Husband claims will “raise a point of
law of public importance”, these questions fall far short of fulfilling the
Threshold Merits Requirement because they are self-evidently not questions of
law, but rather are questions of fact.

(a) Questions 1, 3 and 4 concern the weight that a court ought to give to the
terms of the Settlement Agreement. This is a matter within the court’s
discretion, to be determined with regard to the specific terms of a unique
agreement between the parties and the unique factual circumstances surrounding
their marriage and divorce.

(b) Question 2 concerns the application of the well-established principles in
Henderson to the particular facts of the case.

(c) Questions 5 and 6 are ill-disguised factual submissions about the Wife’s
alleged “bad conduct” and how her actions ought to disentitle her to financial
relief under Ch 4A.

134 In the circumstances, the Husband has failed to show that his AD/CA Leave
Application in OS 21 fulfils the threshold requirement for the grant of leave
under s 47(2) of the SCJA. There is therefore no need to consider his two
grounds as to why it is appropriate for the Court of Appeal to hear a further
appeal against the AD Judgment. For completeness, those two grounds are
clearly factual questions in relation to whether the Wife had legal advice
when she signed the Settlement Agreement, whether the Settlement Agreement had
existed to take care of the Wife’s needs after the divorce and how the Wife’s
conduct ought to be treated by the court.

135 To summarise, even if leave is granted for OS 21 to be filed out of time,
OS 21 is wholly unmeritorious and bound to fail because none of the questions
that the Husband seeks to raise in the Anticipated Appeal are questions of
law, much less questions of law of public importance. The Husband therefore
fails to cross the Threshold Merits Requirement.

Conclusion

136 We dismiss OS 21 on the sole basis that it was filed out of time with no
attempt by the Husband or his counsel to put forth an explanation for the
delay. In any event, OS 21 is wholly unmeritorious and bound to fail. The
Husband is to pay costs of $5,000 (all-in) to the Wife. As the Wife is legally
aided, costs may be paid in favour of the Director, Legal Aid or such other
person/entity as the parties agree is appropriate. The usual consequential
orders will apply.

Andrew Phang Boon Leong  
Justice of the Court of Appeal| Steven Chong  
Justice of the Court of Appeal  
---|---  
  
Mahmood Gaznavi s/o Bashir Muhammad and Julian Martin Michael (Mahmood Gaznavi
Chambers LLC) for the applicant;

Remya Aravamuthan (Remya. A Law Practice) for the respondent.

SUPREME COURT OF SINGAPORE

15 December 2021

Case summary

UJM v UJL [2021] SGCA 117

Originating Summons No 21 of 2021

  

\--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Decision of the Court of Appeal (delivered by Justice Andrew Phang Boon
Leong):

CoA dismisses first application for leave to appeal against decision of the
Appellate Division.

Pertinent and significant points of the judgment

• The Court of Appeal considers the statutory scheme governing applications
for leave to appeal against decisions of the Appellate Division (“AD” and
“AD/CA Leave Applications”).

• The Court of Appeal considers the statutory provisions governing AD/CA Leave
Applications and the existing common law principles governing applications for
leave to appeal.

• The Court of Appeal lays down the applicable principles for AD/CA Leave
Applications.

Facts and background

1 In Noor Azlin bte Abdul Rahman and another v Changi General Hospital Pte Ltd
[2021] 2 SLR 440 (“Noor Azlin (transfer)”), the Court of Appeal considered the
wide-ranging amendments to the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007
Rev Ed) (“SCJA”) which established the AD on 2 January 2021. The present
application in OS 21 was the first AD/CA Leave Application and it presented a
valuable opportunity for the court to consider a further aspect of this
profound and momentous change to the Singapore court system: at [2].

2 OS 21 was rooted in a matrimonial dispute arising from the division of
matrimonial assets and costs in a Pakistani divorce under Islamic law. The
applicant-husband (the “Husband”) and the respondent-wife (the “Wife”) were
born in Pakistan but became Singapore citizens. They were married in Pakistan
on 3 August 1995 under Islamic marriage laws and moved soon after to Singapore
in mid-August 1995. They had four sons, all of whom are Singapore citizens.
Both parties had been living in Singapore since 1995, except for a period when
the Wife lived in Pakistan from 1999-2002 and another period in the lead-up to
their divorce. The parties were divorced on 4 May 2016 by the court in
Karachi, Pakistan: at [1], [5] and [8].

3 OS 21 arose from the ex-tempore judgment of the AD in UJM v UJL [2021]
SGHC(A) 10 (the “AD Judgment”) which affirmed the judgment of the General
Division of the High Court judge (the “Gen Div Judge”) to grant financial
relief to the Wife pursuant to Ch 4A of Pt X of the Women’s Charter (Cap 353,
2009 Rev Ed) arising out of her divorce from the Husband: at [3].

4 OS 21 was the Husband’s application for leave to appeal against the whole of
the AD Judgment. Prayer 1 of OS 21 sought “leave to file this application out
of time” as OS 21 was filed late on 9 September 2021: at [20].

5 The court identified two issues for its determination in OS 21: (a) whether
leave ought to be granted for OS 21 to be filed out of time; and (b) whether
OS 21 was meritorious such that leave ought to be granted for the Husband to
bring his appeal against the AD Judgment to the Court of Appeal (“Anticipated
Appeal”): at [52].

The Court of Appeal’s decision in OS 21

6 The court answered the first issue in the negative and dismissed OS 21 on
the basis that it had been filed late with no explanation: at [54]–[56].

7 The court nonetheless proceeded to consider the applicable statutory
provisions and principles which pertained to AD/CA Leave Applications as OS 21
was the first of its kind to come before the court: at [56].

The applicable principles governing AD/CA Leave Applications

Three key points framing the overall context in which AD/CA Leave Applications
are brought

8 At the outset, the court set out three key points which not only framed the
overall context in which AD/CA Leave Applications would be brought, but also
informed its analysis on the statutory scheme governing such applications (at
[60]):

a. First, AD/CA Leave Applications were brought in situations where the AD had
already heard an appeal and delivered its decision. The parties would have
already had an opportunity to litigate their disputes before an appellate
court which usually sat as a coram of three judges. The parties were therefore
seeking a “further appeal from the Appellate Division” by way of such an
application: at [60(a)].

b. Second, the AD was established for reasons that have both quantitative and
qualitative roots – namely, to alleviate the growing caseload of the Court of
Appeal whilst simultaneously permitting the Court of Appeal to focus its
resources on matters which would benefit from its expertise as the apex court
of the land: at [60(b)].

c. Flowing from the above two points, the AD was “a court which in some
respects is akin to an intermediate appellate court” (see Noor Azlin
(transfer) at [2]). The key words in that sentence were “akin to” and not
“intermediate appellate court”. While the Court of Appeal remained the apex
court of Singapore with the AD located just under it in the court hierarchy,
the AD was not meant to be seen as a “further tier” of appeal that had to be
crossed before a matter could reach the Court of Appeal. In the vast majority
of cases, once an appeal had been heard by the AD, the AD would serve as the
final appellate court: at [60(c)].

An overview of the statutory scheme governing AD/CA Leave Applications

9 The purpose of the statutory scheme governing AD/CA Leave Applications
within the SCJA and the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R5, 2014 Rev Ed) (“ROC”) was
to provide a tightly confined and highly limited avenue for parties to appeal
against certain decisions of the AD: at [61].

10 Division 3 of the SCJA could be seen as the bedrock of the AD’s existence
as a court “akin to” an intermediate appellate court. Its provisions reflected
a fine balance; they highlighted that the AD would be the final appellate
court in the vast majority of cases, while simultaneously underscoring the
Court of Appeal’s status as the apex court of Singapore. This balance was
achieved in six key ways: at [64].

a. First, the AD’s decision in respect of any case that fell within the Ninth
Schedule to the SCJA was final, there being no further avenue of appeal that
dissatisfied litigants could avail themselves of pursuant to s 46 of the SCJA:
at [64(a)].

b. Second, the Court of Appeal had the power to hear appeals against decisions
of the AD in respect of cases that did not fall within the Ninth Schedule to
the SCJA. Such appeals were termed “Eligible Appeals”: at [64(b)].

c. Third, Eligible Appeals could not be brought automatically as of right. In
all cases, parties had to first make an AD/CA Leave Application to the Court
of Appeal to seek leave to bring an Eligible Appeal before the Court of Appeal
under s 47(1) of the SCJA: at [64(c)].

d. Fourth, the Court of Appeal could grant leave in respect of an Eligible
Appeal “only if the appeal will raise a point of law of public importance”
under s 47(2) of the SCJA. The provision therefore contained a threshold
condition which, if not fulfilled, would automatically cut-off any prospect of
the grant of leave. This was referred to as the “Threshold Merits
Requirement”: at [64(d)].

e. Fifth, in deciding whether: (i) leave ought to be granted under s 47(1) of
the SCJA; or (ii) the appeal fulfilled the Threshold Merits Requirement under
s 47(2) of the SCJA, the Court of Appeal was to have regard to matters
prescribed in the ROC pursuant to s 47(3) of the SCJA: at [64(e)].

f. Finally, even if the Eligible Appeal fulfilled the Threshold Merits
Requirement under s 47(2) of the SCJA, the Court of Appeal had the discretion
to decline to grant leave as stipulated under s 47(4) of the SCJA. In
particular, s 47(4)(a) of the SCJA stated that “the Court of Appeal is not
required to grant leave under subsection (1) even if the appeal will raise a
point of law of public importance”: at [64(f)].

11 The matters “prescribed by the Rules of Court” in s 47(3) of the SCJA
referred to those contained in O 57 r 2A(3) of the ROC. This rule further
restricted the cases in which the Court of Appeal would grant leave in AD/CA
Leave Applications under s 47 of the SCJA: at [65]–[66].

a. In addition to the Threshold Merits Requirement under s 47(2) of the SCJA,
the Court of Appeal would also consider the further question of “whether it is
appropriate for [the Court of Appeal] to hear a further appeal from the
Appellate Division” pursuant to O 57 r 2A(3) of the ROC when deciding whether
to grant leave under s 47(1) of the SCJA. This was referred to as the
“Discretionary Appropriateness Requirement”: at [66(a)].

b. In considering the Discretionary Appropriateness Requirement, the Court of
Appeal would take into account all relevant matters, including either one or
both of the two stipulated matters under O 57 rr 2A(3)(a) or 2A(3)(b) of the
ROC (collectively the “Stipulated Considerations”): at [66(b)].

Two perceived ambiguities in relation to the statutory scheme governing AD/CA
Leave Applications

12 The court resolved two perceived ambiguities in the statutory scheme
governing AD/CA Leave Applications: at [67].

13 The first ambiguity was whether the Stipulated Considerations ought to be
considered under the Threshold Merits Requirement or the Discretionary
Appropriateness Requirement (collectively referred to as the “Requirements”):
at [68].

14 The court found that the Stipulated Considerations ought to be considered
under the Discretionary Appropriateness Requirement in relation to AD/CA Leave
Applications. This was for three reasons: at [71]–[79].

a. First, a consideration of the AD/CA Leave Provisions as a whole revealed
that the Stipulated Considerations featured only under the Discretionary
Appropriateness Requirement: at. [72]–[73].

b. Second, this interpretation was aligned with Parliament’s intention as to
the manner in which the Court of Appeal’s inquiry would proceed in AD/CA Leave
Applications. Excerpts from the parliamentary debates in relation to the
amendments to the SCJA in 2019 showed that a clear distinction was to be drawn
between the two Requirements. The former was a rigid threshold condition that
had to be fulfilled in order for the Court of Appeal to grant leave. The
latter was a requirement that accorded the Court of Appeal a degree of
flexibility in the exercise of its discretion. In line with this spirit of
flexibility, the Court of Appeal was empowered to take into account “all
relevant matters”, including either or both of the Stipulated Considerations
under O 57 r 2A(3) of the ROC. Further, it was clear from the excerpts that
the legislative drafters had contemplated the Stipulated Considerations as
falling only under the latter: at [74]–[75].

c. Third, it was logical for the Stipulated Considerations to be considered
only under the Discretionary Appropriateness Requirement in the context of the
AD/CA Leave Application. Both Stipulated Considerations would be fulfilled
only in respect of points of law. This, in itself, was already a sub-
requirement that had to be fulfilled under the Threshold Merits Requirement.
It would be strange if the same sub-requirement of “point of law” would need
to be considered twice under the threshold stage of the Court of Appeal’s
inquiry in AD/CA Leave Applications, and again under the discretionary stage.
There would be a curious duplication of effort if the Stipulated
Considerations were relevant to both Requirements since if the Stipulated
Considerations were satisfied under the Discretionary Appropriateness
Requirement, there would be no reason why they would not also satisfy the
Threshold Merits Requirement: at [76].

15 The second ambiguity was whether the fulfilment of both Requirements would
guarantee the grant of leave under s 47(1) of the SCJA: at [80].

16 The court held that the fulfilment of both Requirements only went towards
increasing the applicant’s prospects of obtaining leave and not towards
guaranteeing it. Order 57 r 2A(3) of the ROC merely stated that the Court of
Appeal “is to have regard” to the Discretionary Appropriateness Requirement.
This meant that the fulfilment of the Discretionary Appropriateness
Requirement was but one of the considerations that the Court of Appeal could
have regard to when deciding whether to grant leave. There was no mention of
this requirement being determinative and furthermore “appropriateness” was not
a monolithic concept. It was a matter of degree to be determined according to
the unique facts and circumstances of the case. This view was supported by
both the plain reading of the AD/CA Leave Provisions, as well as the purpose
and object of O 57 r 2A(3) of the ROC and the Discretionary Appropriateness
Requirement: at [82].

Interaction between the AD/CA Leave Provisions and the common law

17 The court answered the question of whether the principles for leave to
appeal against a decision of the Gen Div (ie, the former High Court) as set
out in Lee Kuan Yew v Tang Liang Hong and another [1997] 2 SLR(R) 862 (“Lee
Kuan Yew”) would continue to apply in AD/CA Leave Applications, in the
negative: at [86]–[93].

18 AD/CA Leave Applications had to be assessed differently from Gen Div Leave
Applications for three reasons (at [87]–[91]).

a. First, and most importantly, the statutory provisions governing AD/CA Leave
Applications mandated that such applications were to be assessed differently
from the common law principles laid down in Lee Kuan Yew. Unlike Gen Div Leave
Applications, statute laid down precise criteria by which AD/CA Leave
Applications were to be assessed by the Court of Appeal (ie, the Threshold
Merits Requirement and the Discretionary Appropriateness Requirement): at
[88].

b. Second, Parliament made clear in no uncertain terms that AD/CA Leave
Applications were to be assessed differently from Gen Div Leave Applications
in terms of both the criteria and the stringency of review: at [89].

c. Third, the common law principles and standards in Gen Div Leave
Applications could not apply to AD/CA Leave Applications because the two
applications were intrinsically different. Parties in the latter application
would already have had “one round of appeal” such that they would have already
raised the arguments before the AD, and the AD would have reviewed them and
decided on that point of law. Appeals before the AD would usually be heard by
a coram of three judges and the AD was meant to serve as the final appellate
court in the vast majority of cases. This applied even for appeals against
decisions of the Gen Div which were also appeals against the decisions of a
lower court judge (for example, District Judges and Assistant Registrars)
because these were usually heard by a single judge of the Gen Div. The
application of the same common law principles to AD/CA Leave Applications
would result in an absurd situation. It would mean that in every case where
leave to bring an appeal against a decision of the Gen Div is granted by the
AD, leave would ipso facto be granted in an AD/CA Leave Application against
the eventual decision of the AD in the same case. Given that the AD was
established to alleviate the growing caseload of the Court of Appeal, this
would lead to the very strange and unintended (and even bizarre as well as
contradictory) consequence where the Court of Appeal would become flooded with
appeals and applications by the very same amendments to the SCJA which
purported to quantitatively alleviate its case load: at [90]–[91].

Interpretation of the AD/CA Leave Provisions

The Threshold Merits Requirement

19 On the interpretation of the Threshold Merits Requirement, the court
reiterated that this was a threshold condition which had to be fulfilled
before the Court of Appeal could grant leave under s 47(1) of the SCJA: at
[95].

20 The requirement could be broken up into three parts: (a) “an appeal will
raise”; (b) “a point of law”; and (c) “of public importance” (at [95] and
[100]–[109]):

a. On the interpretation of the words “the appeal will raise”, the court found
that the analysis in Noor Azlin (transfer) at [54] was entirely applicable to
s 47(2) of the SCJA and AD/CA Leave Applications. The court added that the
point of law of public importance that “the appeal will raise” must have
arisen from the decision and reasoning of the court below, ie, the AD. It
would not be sufficient for an applicant to show that the Gen Div had
considered the claimed point of law of public importance, if that same point
had been abandoned by the parties or, for some reason or another, had not been
raised before the AD: at [100]–[101] and [103].

b. On the interpretation of the words “a point of law”, the court found the
analysis in Noor Azlin (transfer) to be cogent and entirely applicable to s
47(2) of the SCJA and AD/CA Leave Applications: at [105]–[106].

c. On the interpretation of the words, a point of law “of public importance”,
the court found the observations in Noor Azlin (transfer) at [56]–[59] and
[61]–[62], to be equally applicable to s 47(2) of the SCJA and AD/CA Leave
Applications, save for the discussion on the Stipulated Considerations and
whether it would be more appropriate for the Court of Appeal to hear an appeal
than the AD. The proper consideration was, instead, whether it would be
appropriate for the Court of Appeal to hear a further appeal from the AD: at
[107]–[108].

21 The purpose and object of s 47(2) of the SCJA and the Threshold Merits
Requirement was for it to serve as a threshold condition which had to be
fulfilled before the Court of Appeal could grant leave under s 47(1) of the
SCJA. In other words, it served to sift out unmeritorious matters which did
not deserve to be heard in a further appeal before the Court of Appeal from
the outset – there would be no need to consider the Discretionary
Appropriateness Requirement if the Threshold Merits Requirement is not
fulfilled. This was entirely in line with the speech of the Senior Minister of
State for Law during the parliamentary debates regarding the amendments to the
SCJA in 2019, the plain reading of the provision in the context of AD/CA Leave
Applications as well as the statutory scheme governing it: at [110]–[112].

The Discretionary Appropriateness Requirement

22 On the interpretation of the Discretionary Appropriateness Requirement, the
court found that the context which framed the Court of Appeal’s inquiry was
found within the statutory formulation of the requirement itself in O 57 r
2A(3) of the ROC. It involved a situation in which the AD had already heard an
appeal and presumably dealt with the same legal issues which the applicant was
seeking leave to litigate in a further appeal before the Court of Appeal. The
context had to be informed by the status and powers that the Court of Appeal
possessed as the apex court of the land and the court hierarchy as set out in
the SCJA and the ROC: at [113]–[114].

23 As a court akin to an intermediate appellate court, the AD had the power to
overrule decisions of the Gen Div as well as other lower courts. It could
depart from previous AD precedents but it did not have the powers, unlike the
Court of Appeal to: (a) overturn or overrule other decisions of the AD; or (b)
depart from decisions of the Court of Appeal: at [115].

24 Reading O 57 r 2A(3) of the ROC in the light of the above context, three
things were immediately apparent about the Discretionary Appropriateness
Requirement: at [116]–[119].

a. First, in contrast to the Threshold Merits Requirement which functioned as
a threshold condition for the grant of leave, the Discretionary
Appropriateness Requirement provided the Court of Appeal with the discretion
to determine whether a further appeal against a decision of the AD ought to be
heard: at [116].

b. Second, “appropriateness” was not a monolithic concept, but rather a matter
of degree. Whether the threshold for leave had been crossed was to be
determined according to the facts and circumstances of the case: at [117].

c. Third, in determining whether the threshold had been crossed, the Court of
Appeal had the flexibility to consider any and all matters that it considered
relevant. This meant that its discretion in respect of the Discretionary
Appropriateness Requirement was a broad and wide-ranging one. That said, this
discretion could only be exercised after considering, at the minimum, one of
the two Stipulated Considerations under O 57 r 2A(3)(a) and O 57 r 2A(3)(b) of
the ROC along with any other matter deemed relevant by the Court of Appeal: at
[119].

25 The first Stipulated Consideration was whether a decision of the Court of
Appeal was required to resolve the point of law per O 57 r 2A(3)(a) of the
ROC. The word “required” suggested that no court apart from the apex court
would be capable of resolving the instant point of law that would arise in the
appeal for which leave was being sought. It was not enough for the point of
law to be novel, or for it to be one that had not been considered by the Court
of Appeal before. This was because the AD was well-equipped to resolve novel
and complex points of law by virtue of the number of judges that usually
constituted a coram of the AD, as well as their seniority and expertise.
Situations which required a decision of the Court of Appeal to resolve a point
of law would be rare and exceptional: at [120].

26 The second Stipulated Consideration was whether the interests of the
administration of justice, either generally or in the particular case,
required the consideration by the Court of Appeal of the point of law per O 47
r 2A(3)(b) of the ROC: at [121].

27 It was a stricter but, at the same time, more lenient provision than O 57 r
2A(3)(a) of the ROC. It was stricter because a decision of the Court of Appeal
was not only “required” in a general sense, but also required for the specific
purpose of furthering “the interests of the administration of justice”. It was
more lenient because the words “generally or in the particular case” suggested
that O 57 r 2A(3)(b) of the ROC could be fulfilled even where the interests of
the administration of justice were furthered only in a particular case. This
struck a good balance – the provision allowed the Court of Appeal to step in
when it was absolutely crucial to further the administration of justice in a
particular case, but at the same time prevented abuse of this provision by
opportunistic litigants through imposing a heightened threshold of necessity:
at [122].

28 Cases where O 57 r 2A(3)(b) of the ROC would be engaged in relation to
specific litigants or the particular case before the court would be few and
far between, given the threshold condition that the point of law raised in the
appeal had to be of “public importance” under s 47(2) of the SCJA: at [123].

29 Further, while it was difficult to prescribe hard and fast rules in respect
of O 57 r 2A(3)(b) of the ROC, examples of cases in which the Court of
Appeal’s consideration of a point of law may be required “in the interests of
the administration of justice” may include those which will concern the
functioning of crucial aspects of Singapore’s legal system or remedy serious
injustice: at [124].

30 Apart from the two Stipulated Considerations, it was presently unclear what
other matters could be “relevant” to the Court of Appeal’s inquiry under O 57
r 2A(3) of the ROC. The court found that it was not necessary at this juncture
to lay out concrete rules in respect of what constituted a “relevant matter”
for the purposes of OS 21. It sufficed to simply state that the Court of
Appeal’s scrutiny in respect of any allegedly “relevant matter” had to be
searching so as to prevent the abuse of the statutory scheme governing AD/CA
Leave Applications. Bearing in mind the purpose and object of the statutory
provisions which animated the AD, only a truly exceptional case would warrant
the grant of leave: at [125]–[126].

31 The above reading of the Discretionary Appropriateness Requirement and O 57
r 2A(3) of the ROC was in line with their two-fold purpose to: (a) act as a
fine-meshed sieve to further restrict the number of cases which would warrant
a further appeal before the Court of Appeal; and (b) accord the Court of
Appeal a broad and wide-ranging discretion to determine whether to hear a
further appeal against a decision of the AD: at [127].

Considering the merits of OS 21

32 For completeness, the court also considered the merits of OS 21: at [129].

33 OS 21 failed at the outset as the Husband had failed to show that the
Anticipated Appeal fulfilled the Threshold Merits Requirement. All of the six
questions that the Husband claimed would “raise a point of law of public
importance” fell far short of fulfilling the said requirement because they
were self-evidently not questions of law, but rather, were questions of fact:
at [131]–[135].

This summary is provided to assist in the understanding of the Court’s
judgment. It is not intended to be a substitute for the reasons of the Court.
All numbers in bold font and square brackets refer to the corresponding
paragraph numbers in the Court’s judgment.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 15 Dec 2021 (12:11 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

