Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC 75

Originating Summons No 1184 of 2020

Between

| CIM  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| CIN  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

judgment

[Arbitration] — [Award] — [Recourse against award] — [Setting aside] —
[Pleadings]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
CIM

  
v

  

CIN

[2021] SGHC 75

General Division of the High Court — Originating Summons No 1184 of 2020  
Philip Jeyaretnam JC  
24 February 2021

1 April 2021 Judgment reserved.

Philip Jeyaretnam JC:

Introduction

1 It is axiomatic that arbitrators must make their decisions only on matters
submitted or argued before them. Notice of those matters must have been given
to the other party. When a party is taken by surprise by the arbitrator’s
chain of reasoning, it raises the question of whether that party has been
denied the opportunity to be heard.

2 In this case, CIN, the claimant in an arbitration, answered one aspect of
the arbitration respondent CIM’s defence obliquely in its statement of reply,
and only responded squarely in its final reply closing submissions. Along the
way, CIM’s counsel in the arbitration had articulated what it thought was
CIN’s case, which was something different from CIN’s actual case and was
wholly unpleaded. She was not corrected on her thinking by CIN’s counsel in
the arbitration, at least not until CIN’s final reply closing submissions. CIM
contends that CIM’s counsel did not anticipate the reasoning adopted by the
arbitration tribunal (the “Tribunal”), and could not reasonably have done so.
Consequently, CIM has brought this present application to set aside the
portions of the Tribunal’s award (the “Award”) resting on the unanticipated
reasoning.

3 In these circumstances, the question is whether it was reasonable for CIM
not to anticipate the Tribunal’s reasoning. In considering this question, a
key aspect is how the court should look at CIN’s counsel’s silence when CIM’s
counsel said what she thought were the issues in play. It is this aspect which
presents some novelty in what is otherwise a clearly signposted and brightly
illuminated path for the court to take in its review of an arbitration award
challenged on this ground.

Background

4 The arbitration, conducted under an agreed expedited procedure, concerned a
long-term contract for the supply over time of a specified quantity of clinker
at a fixed price. The approximate size of shipments was agreed, as well as the
total period. That period was subsequently extended. Five shipments were made
and paid for, leaving almost half of the originally contracted quantity still
to be delivered. There was a second contract that featured in relation to a
defence that is not in issue in this challenge, and there is no need to say
more about it in this judgment.

The pleadings in the arbitration

5 CIN submitted a notice of arbitration to the Singapore International
Arbitration Centre (“SIAC”) under the applicable arbitration clause. In its
notice of arbitration and its statement of claim (the “Statement of Claim”),
CIN sought to hold CIM liable for non-delivery of the remaining contracted
quantity of clinker under the first contract, claiming damages to be assessed
in accordance with s 51 of the Sale of Goods Act 1979 (c 54) (UK) (the
“English Sale of Goods Act”). 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Notice of Arbitration [4.6]–[5.1]; Statement of Claim [3.17] – [5.6], [7.1].

6 In its statement of defence (the “Statement of Defence”), CIM contended,
among other defences, that it was a condition precedent that, in respect of
each shipment, parties had to agree a laycan, and thereafter CIN had to
nominate a vessel. As no laycans had been agreed for the balance of the
clinker, nor had any vessel been nominated by CIN, CIM was not obliged to
deliver. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Statement of Defence [35.2(a)], [35.2(c)].

7 CIN’s primary response in its statement of reply (the “Statement of Reply”)
to this part of CIM’s defence was to deny that there were any conditions
precedent to delivery. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Statement of Reply [2.10]–[2.11].

However, CIN’s Statement of Reply then went on to add that “[i]n any event,
[CIM was] relying on its own failures to agree on the shipment loading
laycan”. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Statement of Reply [2.13].

Pleading that CIM was “evidently unwilling to proceed with a contract which
price changes had made unfavourable to it”, 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Statement of Reply [2.13].

CIN concluded that “[a]s such, without agreement on laycan [CIN] was unable to
proceed with nominating the performing vessel … It is quite unrealistic for
[CIM] to suggest otherwise”. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Statement of Reply [2.14].

8 This passage seems to have in mind the principle that a party to a contract
is not entitled to rely on the non-fulfilment of a condition precedent as a
defence to an action for a breach of a contractual obligation, when it is the
cause of that non-fulfilment. For convenience, I will refer to this as the
“prevention principle”, because it is one application of that principle, which
is well known to common lawyers. It is a doctrine summed up in the legal maxim
that no man shall take advantage of his own wrong. However, while this passage
seems to have in mind the prevention principle, the Statement of Reply did not
plead that CIM was on this basis not entitled to rely on non-fulfilment of the
condition precedent. It only said that it was “unrealistic” for CIM to suggest
that CIN was able to proceed with nominating the performing vessel.

The written submissions

9 CIN’s written opening submissions still did not clearly state that CIN was
invoking the prevention principle. Indeed, CIN said: 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

CIN’s Arbitration Opening Submissions [4.44].

The Tribunal need not be drawn into the dispute between the Parties as to the
history of their attempts to agree the next delivery and thus whether one side
or the other can be faulted in relation to laycan dates or shipment sizes or
nomination. …

This can be read as urging the Tribunal to steer clear of any inquiry into who
was at fault for non-fulfilment of the condition precedent, a stance inimical
to the invocation of the prevention doctrine.

10 Further in its written opening submissions, CIN added: 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

CIN’s Arbitration Opening Submissions [4.45].

It is not suggested that the reason for failure to deliver was the absence of
laycan dates or shipment sizes or nomination. The real problem was that [CIM]
was unwilling to deliver at all because it could not secure a supplier which
would allow profitable delivery. Faced with that problem the absence of laycan
dates or shipment sizes or nomination went to nothing.

11 Without yet being completely clear about the legal significance of the
facts mentioned, CIN went on to say: 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

CIN’s Arbitration Opening Submissions [4.52].

For these reasons failures to deliver cannot be excused on the grounds that
[CIN] failed to propose any laycan dates or shipment sizes, or nominate the
vessel. Failure to agree these items was not the cause of the failure to
deliver, it was the outcome of [CIM’s] position on delivery given the
difficulties it faced in obtaining supply on profitable terms.

12 From the two extracts set out at [10] and [11] above, CIN was plainly
reaching toward the prevention principle, while not identifying it in plain
language. In these two extracts, CIN identified that it was CIM’s
unwillingness to deliver that was the real problem, yet stopped short of
stating that, as a result, CIM could not rely on the non-fulfilment of
condition precedent.

13 CIM’s written opening submissions, submitted at the same time as CIN’s
written opening submissions, if taken at face value, seem to show that its
counsel understood CIN’s position hitherto on this aspect differently from any
invocation of the prevention principle. She understood CIN’s position as
alleging that CIM never intended to perform the contract and so was in
anticipatory breach, such that CIN could accept and consequently be excused
from further performance (including nominating the vessel) and claim damages.
She identified a fatal flaw in this position that she attributed to CIN,
namely that CIN had never purported to accept any anticipatory repudiation. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

CIM’s Arbitration Opening Submissions [41(b)].

The arbitration hearing

14 In oral opening on the first day of the evidentiary hearing, CIN’s counsel
asserted that CIM was relying on its own failures, describing this stance as
having “an air of unreality” and being “an artificial position to take”. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Arbitration transcript for 22 July 2020 p 33 to 35.

However, as with CIN’s description of CIM’s case as “unrealistic” in its
Statement of Reply (see [7]–[8] above), describing a position as artificial or
unreal is not the same as identifying the legal basis on which it is untenable
or rebutted. Instead, such language generally relates more to persuading a
tribunal to the proponent’s view of the facts and how they connect to each
other.

15 CIM’s counsel must by now be taken to have read CIN’s written opening
submissions. Nonetheless, in her oral opening she continued to view CIN’s
position as resting on an anticipatory breach by CIM, and took the position
she would not need to deal with it because it was not pleaded: 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Arbitration transcript for 22 July 2020 p 57, lines 6–21.

… if [CIN] wanted to contend that [CIM] had been unreasonable, as [CIN’s
counsel] wished to convey this morning, that this is a case where the innocent
buyer was calling for performance and the selling [CIM] … didn’t want to
perform because they thought they could do better, then it would be for [CIN]
to plead and establish what implicit duty of good faith or other notion of co-
operation had been broken by [CIM]. Of course, that’s not a case that’s
pleaded or put. If it were put, then it would require them to show a breach,
and of course a breach that was accepted, because it would be inherently a
refusal to perform a future obligation because the obligation doesn’t arise
until a laycan has been agreed.

16 CIN’s counsel did not at this juncture point out that the view CIM’s
counsel took of his position was wrong.

17 Witness evidence then proceeded, and CIN’s counsel did question witnesses
about why laycans were not agreed, and about CIM’s willingness to perform only
if the price were higher than contracted. Such questions no doubt had more
than one purpose, and likely also related to the defence of force majeure that
CIM had raised. That defence was rejected by the Tribunal and is not relevant
to this setting aside application. Nonetheless, this line of questioning
certainly traversed the issue of who was at fault, and elicited a concession
by CIM’s witness that CIM’s position was that if the price did not “work”, the
discussion between CIM and CIN would not proceed to the question of laycan
dates, 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Arbitration transcript for 23 July 2020 p 126, lines 2–4.

a point that supported CIN’s case that the real problem was CIM’s difficulty
with the contracted price. However, nowhere did CIN’s counsel put to the
witness that because CIM’s stance on price meant they could not get to the
next step of agreeing laycans, and so also could not get to the following step
of CIN nominating the vessel, CIM could not rely on the non-fulfilment of
conditions precedent, namely agreement on laycans and nomination of a vessel,
to excuse its breach of the obligation to deliver.

The closing submissions

18 Closing submissions were directed to be sequential. Given the expedited
character of the arbitration, time frames were compressed. CIN’s counsel in
his written closing submissions contended that CIM was “not entitled to rely
on such a defence [ie, non-fulfilment of conditions precedent] when it is
relying on its own failures to excuse its breach of the Contract”. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

CIN’s Arbitration Closing Submissions [2.6].

This clearly set out CIN’s reliance on the prevention principle. To support
this contention, CIN elaborated on what CIM’s alleged failures were, namely
that CIM failed to engage with CIN even though CIM was obliged to act in good
faith and work with CIN to discuss the laycan. References were made to the
cross examination of witnesses, legal authorities and correspondences between
the parties. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

CIN’s Arbitration Closing Submissions [2.9]–[2.12], [2.18]–[2.19].

19 Shortly thereafter, CIM filed its written closing submissions. It devoted a
section of these submissions to “[t]he allegation that [CIM] ‘crashed’
performance and is relying on its own wrongdoing”. It began this section as
follows: 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

CIM’s Arbitration Closing Submissions [35].

This is an argument of necessity for [CIN]. It recognises that the claim to
non-delivery fails without it showing dates for delivery. [CIN] thus casts
around for ways to turn the lack of mutual agreement on this point … into a
matter of unilateral fault by [CIM]. None of its proposed ways of transmuting
one into the other are persuasive, and all overlook the problem that, even if
any of them was successful, [CIN] has simply not claimed damages for any
associated breach. The Tribunal may therefore treat these as academic
questions only. [emphasis in original]

20 CIM summed up its response as follows: 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

CIM’s Arbitration Closing Submissions [57]–[58].

57\. There is, given the above, simply no evidence from which [CIN] can
sensibly ask the Tribunal to infer [CIM] was frustrating or preventing the
occurrence of agreements on laycans, shipment sizes and [CIN’s] nomination of
a vessel in bad faith or was otherwise refusing to deliver cargo. It is plain
on the evidence that this was not the case.

58\. The bad faith argument thus fails on every level:

58.1 It fails on the evidence – see above.

58.2 It also fails because it is put in closing for the first time as an
allegation of bad faith. This is a serious allegation which must be
specifically pleaded and clearly put to the relevant witnesses before [CIN]
can close on it. [CIN] has not done either. Basic principles of natural
justice and procedural fairness mean that this allegation should be rejected
out of hand, even if the Tribunal were to find there was any evidence to
support it (which there is not).

58.3 Further, [CIN] has no damages claim for breach of an obligation to agree
laycans and shipment sizes in good faith. As already noted, [CIN] simply has
not grappled with (indeed, has not pleaded) the relevant issues here.

21 In its written closing submissions, therefore, CIM did address the
allegation that it was frustrating or preventing agreement on laycans,
including by reference to the evidence. However, it continued to view this
point as requiring a claim of breach and damages for that breach, neither of
which was pleaded, although the concern about what was not pleaded seems to
have changed focus from anticipatory breach to breach of a good faith
obligation to agree on laycans. CIM thus urged the Tribunal to disregard this
allegation as unpleaded and academic.

22 CIN then filed its written reply submissions. Its response to the relevant
section of CIM’s written closing submissions began with the statement that
“[t]his section of [CIM’s] Closing is not entirely understood.” 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

CIN’s Arbitration Closing Submissions [3.1].

CIN then went on as follows: 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

CIN’s Arbitration Closing Submissions [3.3]–[3.8].

3.3 [CIM] is correct to categorise [CIN’s] case as a question of [CIM’s]
fault. [CIM] is supplier [sic] and it alone has access to information from the
manufacturer which is necessary for these matters to be agreed. As it was put
in Opening, Closing and to the witnesses, [CIM] had to say what can be done
and when. That meant dates, times and shipment sizes.

3.4 … [T]here is an implied term requiring this of [CIM] as the seller, as
seen in Harlow Jones Ltd v Panex International Ltd. … Harlow Jones is, in any
event, an application of a broader principle whereby ‘each agrees to do all
that is necessary to be done on his part for the carrying out of that thing,
though there may be no express words to that effect’.

3.5 It should not be controversial [CIM] was under this obligation or that it
required it to say what they could do and when. [CIM’s witness] agreed it was
part of the seller’s responsibility to propose laycans.

3.6 In Closing [CIM] denies bad faith or deliberately ‘crashing’ the
contracts. It said it never evinced an intention not to perform to be in
anticipatory repudiatory breach. It says it did not refuse to agree laycan
dates. But these things are not alleged and [CIN] does not need to establish
them.

3.7 … [CIN’s employee’s] repeated attempts to turn the discussion to dates and
amounts went unanswered. That meant no laycans could be agreed under either
contract and without that [CIN] could not nominate or provide shipping
instructions.

3.8 [CIM] says [CIN] has no damages claim but no damages are sought for this
breach. The consequence is not damages, but that [CIM] is unable to rely on
any failure to satisfy the alleged pre-conditions as to laycans, nomination
etc.

[emphasis in original]

23 Thus, CIN’s written reply submissions were the first occasion on which
counsel for CIN corrected what he considered to be counsel for CIM’s
misunderstanding of CIN’s case. There was, again, reliance on the prevention
principle, but this time, it was more clearly and fully articulated with
Mackay v Dick (1881) 6 App Cas 251 (“Mackay v Dick”) being cited for the first
time in a footnote at the end of para 3.4 in CIM’s written closing
submissions. CIN contended that CIM had an obligation to say what it could do
and when, but CIM failed to do so because it was not willing to deliver at the
contracted price. This was the reason that there was no agreement concerning
laycans and no nomination of vessels. As the cause of the non-fulfilment of
the conditions precedent, CIM could not rely on their non-fulfilment to excuse
its non-delivery. CIN did not refer to CIM’s obligation as a standalone duty,
a breach of which sounded in damages; rather, reference to that obligation was
part of a broader contention as to why CIM could not rely on the non-
fulfilment of the conditions precedent.

24 There was no provision for CIM to respond to CIN’s written reply
submissions. Nor did CIM write in to request the opportunity to respond to
them, whether generally or specifically to the citation of new authorities.
CIM was content to rest on its own written closing submissions, apparently
believing that the Tribunal would accept its stance that this aspect of CIN’s
case was unpleaded and so had to be disregarded.

The Award

25 The Tribunal issued its Award on 19 September 2020. The Award accepted
CIN’s case that CIM would not supply at the contracted price, and so would not
agree laycans. It also accepted the principle set out in Mackay v Dick as
applying to the facts. The relevant parts of the Award, which I will term the
“Cooperation Finding”, are as follows: 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Award [140]–[144].

140\. The flaw in [CIM’s] argument, in my view, is that it overlooks that the
conditions precedent on which [CIM] relies are the culmination of a mutual
process which depends on engagement by both parties. Applying the normal
principles of construction to the ‘Scheduling and Shipments’ clause, I have no
doubt that a reasonable reader standing in the Parties’ shoes would understand
it as meaning that both Parties are obliged to engage in good faith and
attempt to agree reasonable laycans. This is, in my view, a matter of
construction of the express provision, but if any element of implication is
involved, I am also satisfied that such implication is both necessary and
obvious, amply satisfying the ‘test’ for implication of contractual terms.
This mutual obligation under the ‘Scheduling and Shipments’ clause still
leaves some flexibility: the distribution of shipments over time is, in
principle, more flexible than under an express term for ‘monthly’ or perhaps
even ‘fairly evenly spread’ shipments. But the obligation to engage in good
faith to agree reasonable laycans would not allow either Party to avoid or
delay performing because the market had moved against it, which is a mutual
risk that both Parties accepted in contracting at a fixed price per MT on
unconditional terms.

141\. In this case, the facts were (and I so find) that in and after November
2018, [CIN] continually approached [CIM] seeking delivery of clinker under the
Contract (as well as seeking performance of the 2nd Contract), asking [CIM] to
confirm appropriate laycans so that [CIN] could make shipping arrangements to
take delivery. All those approaches were met with responses that amounted to
[CIM] telling [CIN] that it was not in a position to supply, and certainly not
at the Contract price. … The salient point is that [CIM] was consistently
telling [CIN] that it was unable to confirm any laycans and that it was
pointless for [CIN] to arrange a vessel to come to [X] ready to load, as [CIM]
was not in a position to deliver any clinker. This was (I find and hold) a
breach of [CIM’s] obligations under the Contract to cooperate in agreeing
shipment laycans. The consequence of [CIM’s] breach was to prevent [CIN] from
being able to satisfy the conditions precedent on which [CIM] seeks to rely.
Laycans could only be fixed by agreement; [CIN] could not unilaterally create
them without [CIM’s] cooperation. Without laycans confirmed by [CIM], [CIN]
had no date ranges for which to nominate vessels. There can be no suggestion
that [CIN] should have arranged for vessels to arrive at [X] without an agreed
laycan. This would have achieved nothing except to give rise to claims from
the shipowners for delays and for non-performance of the carriage contracts,
which [CIN] would in the ordinary course look to pass on to [CIM], thus adding
further losses to the problems the Parties already faced.

142\. In my view, the consequences of [CIM’s] breach are provided for by well-
established legal principles discussed in (for example) Chitty on Contracts,
(33rd Ed.) Vol. I §2-160 – 167. These passages from Chitty were adduced by
[CIM] in support of its written opening submissions. However, in my view, they
support [CIN’s] case. In particular, the principles discussed in Chitty §2-163
(headed ‘Duty not to prevent occurrence of the event’) are pertinent, as is
the case of Mackay v Dick (1881) 6 App. Cas. 251 which is discussed in some
detail in that paragraph. [CIN] provided a copy of Mackay v Dick with its
reply closing, and also referred to Benjamin (10th Ed.) §8-036 which makes the
same point as Chitty, more succinctly.

143\. To summarise the law, there is a well-established doctrine going back to
Mackay v Dick, which holds that where the satisfaction of conditions precedent
to a particular obligation is dependent on both parties cooperating, there is
an implied duty on both to cooperate, and a party which wrongfully withholds
its cooperation is, generally, not entitled to set up that condition precedent
as a defence to an action for breach of the obligation. …

144\. Applying these principles, I find and hold that [CIM] waived the right
to rely on the conditions precedent to its obligation to deliver. [CIM] is not
entitled to rely on its own failure to engage with the contractually required
process for agreement on laycans in order to say that no laycans were fixed
and the steps consequent on agreement of laycans, such as vessel nomination
and tender of NOR, did not occur. To accept [CIM’s] argument based on the
conditions precedent to delivery not having been met would be to allow [CIM]
to rely on its own breach of its obligation to cooperate in the process for
fixing the shipment laycans.

[emphasis in original]

26 The nub of the Cooperation Finding is this: the conditions precedent that
CIM relied on entailed a mutual obligation to engage in good faith and attempt
to agree reasonable laycans; however, CIM breached this obligation and thus,
it could not rely on the non-fulfilment of these conditions precedent to
excuse its breach of the obligation to deliver. The Cooperation Finding rested
on the prevention principle.

27 In concluding that there was a duty to cooperate to agree laycans, the
Tribunal spelled out its reasoning in ways that counsel for CIN had not. One
such way was to read into the mutuality of the obligation to agree laycans an
express element of cooperation. Another was to add the words “in good faith”.
A third was to put the obligation on the basis of an implied term to
cooperate. In addition, the Tribunal described the consequence of CIM’s breach
of this duty in terms of waiver, stating that CIM had thereby waived the right
to rely on the conditions precedent. It is fair to infer that in these parts
of its Award the Tribunal read a little more deeply into the prevention
principle and particularly its modern juridical basis and terminology. Counsel
for CIN had adopted a more broad-brush approach, had been content with the
language used in Mackay v Dick and had appealed particularly to “reality”.

28 The Tribunal went on to rule that CIN was entitled to recover damages
assessed according to s 51(3) of the English Sale of Goods Act. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Award [160]–[182].

In its calculation of damages (the “Calculation of Damages Finding”), the
Tribunal considered, inter alia, four scenarios submitted by CIN as to when
the remaining goods ought to have been delivered. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Award [205].

In so doing, it noted that “[CIM] did not enter into this debate.” 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Award [206].

Eventually, however, the Tribunal adopted none of CIN’s submitted scenarios,
choosing instead to assess damages on the assumption that there would have
been five evenly spaced shipments, “if [CIM] had complied with its obligation
to engage and had attempted to agree laycans with [CIN]”. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Award [207]–[210].

On this basis, the Tribunal ordered CIM to pay CIN damages in the sum of
US$949,543.09, 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Award [211].

along with attendant sums of interest and costs. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Award [213]–[230].

The issues in the present application

29 CIM has now filed this present application, seeking to set aside each of
the two findings of the Award highlighted above (ie, the Cooperation Finding
and the Calculation of Damages Finding) on three grounds: 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions dated 17 February 2021 (“Plaintiff’s Written
Submissions”) [29]–[35], [40].

(a) that there was a breach of the rules of natural justice, pursuant to s
24(b) of the International Arbitration Act (Cap 143A, 2002 Rev Ed);

(b) that CIM was deprived of an opportunity to present its case on the
respective findings, pursuant to Art 34(2)(a)(ii) of the UNCITRAL Model Law on
International Commercial Arbitration (the “Model Law”); and

(c) that the respective findings were beyond the scope of the submission to
arbitration, pursuant to Art 34(2)(a)(iii) of the Model Law.

30 The right to present one’s case is an aspect of natural justice: see
Government of the Republic of the Philippines v Philippine International Air
Terminals Co, Inc [2007] 1 SLR(R) 278 at [18]. CIM’s arguments in relation to
these two grounds also feature significant overlap. I will hence deal with
CIM’s arguments in relation to these two grounds together, as a single
challenge on a combined basis, which for convenience I will refer to as the
natural justice challenge.

31 Therefore, the issues before me in the present application are:

(a) whether the Cooperation Finding should be set aside on the basis that
there was a breach of the rules of natural justice;

(b) whether the Cooperation Finding should be set aside on the basis that it
was beyond the scope of the submission to arbitration;

(c) whether the Calculation of Damages Finding should be set aside on the
basis that there was a breach of the rules of natural justice; and

(d) whether the Calculation of Damages Finding should be set aside on the
basis that it was beyond the scope of the submission to arbitration.

The natural justice challenge to the Cooperation Finding

CIM’s complaint

32 CIM’s challenge to the Cooperation Finding on the basis of natural justice
forms the bulk of its submissions. Taking issue with the Tribunal’s finding
that there was “an obligation to cooperate in good faith to agree laycans, and
that [CIM] had breached such good faith obligation”, CIM argued that: 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions [73].

As the alleged good faith obligation, and [CIM’s] alleged breach of such
obligation, had not been pleaded by [CIN] and had not been brought to the
notice of [CIM] prior to the hearing of the Arbitration, [CIM] was deprived of
the opportunity to present its responsive case in relation to those issues.

33 CIM described the Tribunal’s findings as threefold, all of which were said
to be unpleaded: 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions [74], [75].

(a) an obligation on CIM to cooperate in good faith to agree laycans, either
by interpretation of the express wording of the “Scheduling and Shipments”
clause of the contract, or by an implied term;

(b) a breach by CIM of this obligation to cooperate in good faith to agree
laycans; and

(c) by reason of this breach of the good faith obligation, a waiver by CIM of
the condition precedent.

34 While CIM acknowledged what CIN had pleaded in its Statement of Reply
concerning CIM relying on its own failures, CIM distinguished this from what
CIN did not say, noting that CIN “never suggested that [CIM] was under any
obligation to cooperate in good faith to agree laycans and had breached such
obligation”. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions [75(c)].

35 CIM also relied on the fact that its counsel had expressly stated during
her oral opening what she understood to be CIN’s case, namely that (i) CIN was
not advancing any case that CIM had breached a duty in good faith to agree
laycans; and that (ii) it would be for CIN to “plead and establish what
implicit duty of good faith or other notion of cooperation had been broken”,
though “[o]f course, that’s not a case that’s pleaded or put”. CIM stressed
that this was said by their counsel “without any demur from [CIN’s] counsel”.
31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions [92].

36 CIM further relied on its having objected to what it considered to be a
belated and unpleaded attempt to rely on an obligation of good faith in its
written closing submissions. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions [94].

As the Tribunal did not invite CIN to apply to amend its pleadings or invite
submissions on this attempt to introduce unpleaded issues, CIM reasonably
assumed that it would not entertain this new point. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions [95].

CIM therefore could not reasonably foresee that the Tribunal would ultimately
decide the case based on a chain of reasoning that it considered involved the
unpleaded elements of an obligation to cooperate in good faith to agree
laycans, a breach of that obligation and a waiver of the condition precedent.
34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions [109] and [111].

CIN’s response

37 CIN’s principal response was that the chain of reasoning in the Award was
not as CIM described it. The Tribunal’s reasoning rested on the principle that
a party cannot rely on non-fulfilment of a condition precedent that it has
itself caused by its own lack of cooperation. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Defendant’s written submissions dated 17 February 2021 (“Defendant’s Written
Submissions”) [32(d)], [33], and amplified at the oral hearing.

Nothing in the Tribunal’s reasoning turned on any question of engaging in good
faith, since the Tribunal concluded that there was no engagement at all. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions [35].

38 CIN also pointed out that the Tribunal had itself rejected the suggestion
that CIN had mounted its case on the basis of bad faith. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions [36]–[37].

On this issue, the Tribunal had said that “[CIM’s] post-hearing submissions
made much of supposed accusations of bad faith by [CIN], but in my view these
were not a fair reflection of [CIN’s] position and were something of a ‘straw
man’” [emphasis in original]. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Award [223(2)].

39 CIN further contended that the Tribunal’s actual chain of reasoning did not
depart from what it had pleaded 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions [38]–[41].

(including its plea in the Statement of Reply that CIM was “relying on its own
failures to agree on the shipment loading laycan” 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions [40]; Statement of Reply [2.13].

), nor from what was in play throughout the rest of the arbitration. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions [42]–[52].

The law relating to natural justice

40 Both parties referred to Soh Beng Tee & Co Pte Ltd v Fairmount Development
Pte Ltd [2007] 3 SLR(R) 86 (“Soh Beng Tee”) for the applicable framework in
this area. In Soh Beng Tee (at [29]), V K Rajah JA, giving the judgment of the
Court of Appeal, affirmed that a party seeking to set aside an award on the
basis of a breach of natural justice had to show:

(a) which rule of natural justice had been breached;

(b) how that rule had been breached;

(c) in what way the breach was connected to the making of the award; and

(d) how the breach prejudiced that party’s rights.

41 In the present case, as noted above at [30], the rule of natural justice
alleged to have been breached is the right to present one’s case. The guiding
lights illuminating this particular rule of natural justice include two clear
and succinct dicta. Both emphasise that in evaluating whether there was a
breach of this rule, the approach is to consider what a reasonable person in
the position of the party challenging the award should have foreseen or
anticipated:

(a) The applicant in a setting aside application must show that “a reasonable
litigant in his shoes could not have foreseen the possibility of reasoning of
the type revealed in the award”, per V K Rajah JA at [65(d)] of Soh Beng Tee.

(b) “An alternative way of looking at the question of a nexus between the
tribunal’s chain of reasoning and the parties’ cases is to consider whether a
reasonable party to the arbitration could objectively have foreseen the
tribunal’s chain of reasoning,” per Vinodh Coomaraswamy J at [160] of JVL Agro
Industries Ltd v Agritrade International Pte Ltd [2016] 4 SLR 768.

42 Implicit in this approach is that it is not enough that the party did not
in fact foresee the possibility of the tribunal’s chain of reasoning, if a
reasonable party, in the same position, would have done so. The court will not
rescue a litigant who failed to apprehend that an issue was alive or in play,
if he should reasonably have done so.

43 For the purpose of determining what case it had to meet, CIM emphasised the
role of the pleadings, by which it meant the Statements of Claim, Defence and
Reply served in accordance with the applicable SIAC Rules. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions [74]–[89].

CIM cited the dictum of Judith Prakash J (as she then was) at first instance
in Kempinski Hotels SA v PT Prima International Development [2011] 4 SLR 633
at [55]:

… An arbitrator must be guided by the pleadings when considering what it is
that has been placed before him for decision by the parties. Pleadings are an
essential component of a procedurally fair hearing both before a court and
before a tribunal. …

44 At the same time, the form which the pleadings should take is a matter of
the institutional or other rules applying to an arbitration, as well as a
matter of the arbitrator’s discretion in the exercise of control over
proceedings. Moreover, an unpleaded point may become live and in play if
sufficient notice of it is given outside the pleadings proper, such that the
other party has sufficient opportunity to meet the case. In this way, the
battle lines drawn by the pleadings may, without any formal amendment, shift
as a case progresses. This is not objectionable so long as there is sufficient
opportunity for both parties to be heard on the new battle lines.

45 There is considerable judicial guidance on what an arbitrator should do
when faced with a departure from pleadings. The Court of Appeal, in Glaziers
Engineering Pte Ltd v WCS Engineering Construction Pte Ltd [2018] 2 SLR 1311
(“Glaziers Engineering”), a case that concerned an adjudication under the
Building and Construction Industry Security of Payment Act (Cap 30B, 2006 Rev
Ed), has explained that a decision-maker may need to invite submissions on a
given issue before he decides that issue if (i) even though parties have
addressed the issue, the way in which he will do so is so far removed from
parties’ positions that neither of them could have contemplated the result; or
if (ii) parties have not addressed the issue at all because they did not know
and could not reasonably have expected that it would be in issue at all (at
[56]–[59]). However, the Court of Appeal also pointed out (at [60]) that
sometimes the outcome of a proceeding is surprising to a party only because it
failed to apply its mind to the issue, or failed to appreciate its
significance, or just assumed the decision-maker would adopt their position on
the issue.

46 More recently, the Court of Appeal in China Machine New Energy Corp v
Jaguar Energy Guatemala LLC and another [2020] 1 SLR 695 (“China Machine”),
has authoritatively summarised the principles applicable to a natural justice
challenge as follows (at [104]):

(a) The parties’ right to be heard in arbitral proceedings finds expression in
Art 18 of the Model Law, which provides that each party shall have a ‘full
opportunity’ of presenting its case. An award obtained in proceedings
conducted in breach of Art 18 is susceptible to annulment under Art
34(2)(a)(ii) of the Model Law and/or s 24(b) of the IAA.

(b) The Art 18 right to a ‘full opportunity’ of presenting one’s case is not
an unlimited one. It is impliedly limited by considerations of reasonableness
and fairness.

(c) What constitutes a ‘full opportunity’ is a contextual inquiry that can
only be meaningfully answered within the specific context of the particular
facts and circumstances of each case. The overarching inquiry is whether the
proceedings were conducted in a manner which was fair, and the proper approach
a court should take is to ask itself if what the tribunal did (or decided not
to do) falls within the range of what a reasonable and fair-minded tribunal in
those circumstances might have done.

(d) In undertaking this exercise, the court must put itself in the shoes of
the tribunal. This means that (i) the tribunal’s decisions can only be
assessed by reference to what was known to the tribunal at the time, and it
follows from this that the alleged breach of natural justice must have been
brought to the attention of the tribunal at the material time; and (ii) the
court will accord a margin of deference to the tribunal in matters of
procedure and will not intervene simply because it might have done things
differently.

47 The last principle offers an important cautionary note. As with all aspects
of review of an arbitration, the exercise is fact-sensitive and must have
regard to the dynamic nature of the process, and the way it unfolds in real
time.

Discussion

Outline of steps for review

48 In determining whether there is a breach of the right to present one’s
case, I have to consider whether the links in the Tribunal’s chain of
reasoning should reasonably have been anticipated by counsel for CIM (see
[40]–[42] above). In so doing, I must:

(a) identify what those links were;

(b) consider whether objectively those links were pleaded, or otherwise given
notice of;

(c) even if those links were pleaded or otherwise notified, consider whether
counsel for CIN’s silence in the face of CIM’s counsel’s expressed
misunderstanding impacted whether or not they were or continued to be in play;
and

(d) even if those links were not on objective consideration in play on the
face of the pleadings, consider whether the Tribunal’s view that they were in
play was itself a determination of an issue before it, and what the impact of
that should be.

The links in the Tribunal’s chain of reasoning

49 The first question is what the Tribunal decided, and what the links in its
chain of reasoning were. It may be helpful to start with what the Tribunal did
not decide. The Tribunal certainly did not proceed on the basis of an alleged
anticipatory breach by CIM that was accepted by CIN and for which damages were
payable. There was no mention of anticipatory breach at all. This is
significant because it is this line of reasoning that counsel for CIM had
identified in her oral opening as what CIN was relying on without having
pleaded.

50 While the Tribunal did refer to an obligation to “engage in good faith”,
the Tribunal did not decide that there was a free-standing obligation to
cooperate in good faith, a breach of which sounded in damages. There was no
suggestion or discussion of this at all.

51 Rather, the Tribunal’s reference to the obligation to “engage in good
faith” was part of its broader analysis of how the prevention principle
applied to the facts. The Tribunal first decided that both parties were
obliged to engage in good faith and attempt to agree reasonable laycans. This
obligation existed as a matter of construction of an express provision, or as
a matter of implication. However, CIM breached this obligation by failing to
cooperate with CIN, with the result that the conditions precedent, on which
CIM sought to rely, could not be satisfied. As a consequence, CIM waived its
right to rely on the non-fulfilment of the condition precedent to excuse its
breach of the obligation to deliver. Strong reliance was placed on “well-
established legal principles” discussed in Chitty on Contracts (H G Beale)
(Sweet & Maxwell, 33rd Ed, 2018) (“Chitty”) at paras 2-160–2-167, Benjamin’s
Sale of Goods (Michael Bridge) (Sweet & Maxwell, 10th Ed, 2017) at para 8-036
and the case of Mackay v Dick (see [25] above). Read in its entirety, the
Tribunal’s analysis rested on the prevention principle: CIM could not rely on
the non-fulfilment of the condition precedent, because it caused that non-
fulfilment by failing to cooperate with CIN.

52 That the Tribunal invoked the prevention principle is made even clearer at
para 144 of its Award, where the Tribunal held that “[t]o accept [CIM’s]
argument based on the conditions precedent to delivery not having been met
would be to allow [CIM] to rely on its own breach of its obligation to
cooperate”.

53 The Tribunal did qualify the duty to cooperate with the words “in good
faith”. It also labelled the consequence of CIM’s prevention of the occurrence
of the conditions precedent as CIM waiving reliance on them. This was an
elaboration and refinement of how CIN’s counsel had described the prevention
principle.

What were the matters pleaded or otherwise in play

54 Turning to the second question of what matters had been pleaded or were
otherwise in play, my task is to read the pleadings, transcripts and other
material objectively. In doing so, I must keep in mind the context, including
that some participants in the arbitration, such as counsel and the Tribunal,
would be legally trained, and, in particular, trained in the common law, while
others, such as the witnesses would not be. The objective meaning of a
communication is shaped by its context, including its audience. When
considering utterances for which we have to depend on a transcript, we cannot
depend purely on the dry text, but must try to re-enter the room in which they
were spoken, because that is the context that has to be considered. The
context would potentially include non-verbal aspects and reactions. In this
particular case, the hearing was conducted by remote means, so the room in
question was a virtual one.

55 The starting point is CIN’s Statement of Reply. It responded to the defence
of non-fulfilment of conditions precedent. I accept that it brought into play
CIM’s entitlement to rely on the non-fulfilment of the conditions precedent,
when CIM had itself failed to agree on the laycans because the contracted
price was not favourable. That the Statement of Reply excoriated CIM’s
position for being “unrealistic” rather than squarely referring to the
prevention principle made it imprecise. This imprecision obscured but did not
entirely block the meaning. CIM was put on notice that in order to rely on
non-fulfilment of the conditions precedent, it had to either show on the facts
that it was not at fault for their non-fulfilment, or that on the law any such
fault was immaterial. Having been put on notice in this way, it was CIM’s
prerogative to develop its case as it saw fit in order to meet the point.

56 Read in context, the sentence in the Statement of Reply that the Tribunal
did not need to be drawn into the dispute over who was at fault in relation to
agreeing on laycans, was a rhetorical flourish. It was a lead-in to telling
the Tribunal that the responsibility for non-fulfilment of conditions
precedent stemmed from something more fundamental, namely CIM’s unwillingness
to deliver at the contracted price. In other words, what CIN’s counsel was
saying was that the Tribunal need not concern itself with the detailed back-
and-forth of the messages between CIM and CIN because underlying them all was
CIN’s unwillingness to deliver at the contracted price. That was the root of
the problem. I am satisfied that this is how these paragraphs should be read.
It is also how they were in fact understood by the Tribunal. This is shown by
how it addressed the issues in the Award. The attempt to detach this sentence
from its context and rely on it as a representation by CIN’s counsel that the
question of fault for non-agreement of laycans was not in issue in the
arbitration is itself artificial and unreal.

57 That is not to say that CIM might not have applied successfully for
particulars or some other appropriate amplification of CIN’s case. CIM would
have been entitled to know the case against it more precisely. Proper
particulars would have included whether the obligation CIM was alleged to be
under was said to be express or implied and what the content of the obligation
was (eg, to cooperate, to act in good faith, or to do all necessary on its
part). Nonetheless, CIN’s case was clear in substance. The nub of CIN’s
pleaded case was that CIM was unwilling to agree on laycans because it
considered the contracted price to be unfavourable. It hardly mattered then
how precisely the duty to cooperate was defined, because whether broad or
narrow, deep or shallow, it had not been met. This was what the Tribunal
effectively found, when it later described CIM’s conduct as a “failure to
engage”. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Award [144].

58 As the arbitration proceeded, CIN did flesh out its case on this aspect,
and repeatedly targeted the point that CIM was simply unwilling to supply at
the contracted price and that this rendered it pointless to try to agree
laycans or to nominate vessels. This was done through CIN’s written opening
submissions (see [10] above) and the questions that CIN’s counsel posed to
witnesses (see [17] above). Subsequently, CIN’s written closing submissions
also contended that CIM could not rely on the non-fulfilment of conditions
precedent to excuse its breach, as it would be relying on its own failure to
engage with CIN on the issue of laycans (see [18] above). Though CIN, in its
Statement of Reply, did not explain the legal significance of its point that
it was “unreal” for CIM to rely on the conditions precedent, CIM itself
included extracts from Chitty that discussed Mackay v Dick. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Award [142]; Index to Hearing Bundle C-2 (Legal Authorities), s/n 42.

There could not have been any mystery that the prevention principle was in
play.

59 Therefore, on an objective view of the materials before the Tribunal, the
prevention principle was brought into play by CIN’s Statement of Reply and
consistently raised throughout the course of the arbitration even before CIN
filed its written reply closing submissions. It follows that the Tribunal was
entitled to make the Cooperation Finding, which rested on the prevention
principle.

60 That the Tribunal said that CIM had waived its right to rely on the
conditions precedent did not introduce any additional point. The Tribunal
described the consequence in those terms following what appears to be its own
research into the debate over the juridical basis of the prevention principle,
as footnoted by it. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Award [144], fn 22.

That an arbitrator sees fit to polish or hone the law relied on by counsel may
be an indulgence, but it does not begin to amount to a breach of natural
justice.

The impact of silence in the face of an expressed misunderstanding

61 Turning to the third question, of the impact of counsel for CIM
articulating her (mis)understanding of CIN’s case without demur from CIN, the
inquiry must be as to whether this interaction during the hearing objectively
altered what was in play in the arbitration. It is possible that oral
interactions during the course of a hearing are sufficiently clear that they
do impact the state of play, including what issues remain alive. For example,
if one party’s counsel represented that a particular part of that party’s
pleading would no longer be relied upon, then the arbitrator should not decide
the case based on that part of the pleading even though it remained on the
face of the pleading. Doing so might take the other party by surprise.
Similarly, if a pleading was vague or ambiguous and it was not clarified by
amendment but simply orally in the course of the hearing, it would not
ordinarily be open to the arbitrator to decide the case based on an
interpretation of the pleading different from how it was orally clarified. In
principle, if the counsel for the other party stated that she understood the
pleading in a particular way and the counsel for the first party confirmed
that understanding expressly, this too would shape the issues and what was in
play. While good practice on the part of an arbitrator would be to require the
withdrawal or clarification to be clearly pinned down by some written record
of amendment, the dynamic nature of the arbitral process, as well as time and
resource pressures, inevitably means that this does not always happen, and
sometimes matters are left to an oral exchange.

62 Returning to the interaction in question, CIM’s counsel expressed to the
Tribunal in the presence of CIN’s counsel her misunderstanding that what was
being relied on was an accepted anticipatory breach that was not pleaded and
so was not in play. She said she understood CIN’s case as being one of
acceptance of an anticipatory breach of an implicit duty of good faith or
other notion of cooperation, and that that case was not pleaded. CIN’s counsel
remained silent. It was not in fact CIN’s case that it had accepted any
anticipatory breach, and for that reason no such case was pleaded. However,
CIM’s counsel’s characterisation of CIN’s case in this way meant that she had
failed to appreciate that CIN was relying on the prevention principle. What
she said meant that CIN’s counsel, if alert and sensitive to the nuances,
could have become aware of her misunderstanding. He could have understood that
if CIM’s counsel proceeded to act on this misunderstanding, she would not
engage with CIN’s case of the prevention principle, because subjectively she
was not aware of it.

63 While inferring all of these consequences was possible, making these
inferences would have entailed a degree of speculation. Objectively, CIN’s
counsel’s silence was far from sufficient to alter the shape of the issues in
play. It was her oral interchange with the Tribunal, not with CIN’s counsel.
If CIM’s counsel wanted a formal confirmation or clarification from opposing
counsel she could have invited the Tribunal to seek that from CIN’s counsel.
She did not do so. Not having done so, it would be wrong to treat silence as
if it amounted to a formal confirmation of CIN’s position.

64 To elaborate, there are two distinct difficulties with CIM’s reliance on
this interaction. First, it imposes on opposing counsel a heavy burden of
interpretation of and inference from their own counsel’s words. After all,
nothing was said by her about whether the prevention principle was in play. It
is only by inference that one could conclude that CIM’s counsel had not
understood that the prevention principle was in play. Even then, it is not an
irresistible inference – one could also infer that CIM’s counsel was
deliberately mischaracterising her opponent’s case to make it seem weaker. To
expect CIN’s counsel to infer that CIM’s counsel had a genuine
misunderstanding places far too much burden on CIN’s counsel to read the mind
of opposing counsel.

65 Secondly, it imposes on opposing counsel a duty of intervention and
correction. There is no basis for such a duty. Counsel is not expected to
intervene whenever opposing counsel seems to misunderstand something. This is
especially so because not every expression of misunderstanding by counsel can
be taken at face value. It may well be engaged in for forensic or rhetorical
purposes. For example, a rhetorician may choose to engage not with his
opponent’s actual argument but a misstated or mischaracterised form of it that
is easier to refute. This seems to have been how the Tribunal saw what was
happening, at least in part, when it referred to CIM’s counsel attacking a
straw man. Ultimately, counsel are responsible for what they say, not what
opposing counsel say. One may wonder where it would end if it were otherwise.
Would CIN’s counsel in this matter upon hearing the misunderstanding have to
show CIM’s counsel where the point is pleaded? What if CIM’s counsel had been
unconvinced that that was what the pleading meant, or had disagreed about the
potential relevance of the prevention principle?

66 It bears repeating. Counsel are responsible for arguing their own case, not
for ensuring that the other side meets their case.

67 To sum up, CIN’s silence objectively did not alter the shape of the issues
at play. A finding that it did would impose an unwarranted burden on one
counsel to read the opposing counsel’s mind and intervene whenever the latter
appeared to have misconceptions about the former’s case.

68 As a final remark, CIM linked the absence of demur to its surprise when,
according to it, the alleged obligation to cooperate in good faith to agree
laycans was first raised in CIN’s written closing submissions. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions [93].

But the reason for its surprise was two misreadings. First, it misread the
Statement of Reply, and did not appreciate the significance of CIN blaming the
failure to agree laycans on CIM’s unwillingness to supply at the contracted
price. Secondly, it misread CIN’s written closing submissions, which did not
raise any new free-standing obligation to cooperate in good faith to agree
laycans. Certainly, CIM’s own misinterpretation of CIN’s case could not have
altered what was objectively in play during the arbitration; and where a
litigant failed to apprehend that an issue was in play even though a
reasonable person would have, the court will not come to its rescue (see above
at [41]–[42]).

The impact of the Tribunal’s own understanding of what was in play

69 Turning to the fourth question, of the impact of the Tribunal’s own
determination of what was in play, I do not strictly need to consider this,
given my view that the prevention principle was objectively in play from the
Statement of Reply onwards. Nonetheless, how the Tribunal understood the
submissions made to it is part of the material from which the court discerns
an objective understanding of those submissions. This is because the Tribunal
was in the room, and would have heard or read them in that context. In
addition, an arbitrator may be called upon to determine what is meant by the
pleadings, after hearing arguments on that meaning. It is not uncommon when a
case nears its end for parties to disagree over what the pleadings encompass.
The arbitrator’s responsibility is to hear what both parties have to say on
the pleading point and then make its decision. As the Court of Appeal in China
Machine explained (see [46] above), the court should accord a measure of
deference to the tribunal’s decisions on matters of procedure. How formal the
pleadings are required to be is a matter of procedure. Thus, if in this case I
had come to a different view of what was raised in the Statement of Reply, I
would then have brought into consideration what the Tribunal said in the
Award, concerning the objections raised by counsel for CIM as to the
pleadings. The Tribunal expressed the view that “any new submissions made at
the hearing were in line with [CIN’s] pleaded case”. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Award [223(1)].

As it happens, I accept that objectively CIN did not depart from its pleaded
case, and so agree with the Tribunal’s view on this point. As for CIM’s
accusations that CIN had made allegations of bad faith, the Tribunal went so
far as to describe them as a “straw man”. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Award [223(2)].

For the purposes of this challenge, I do not need to decide whether I agree
with the Tribunal’s suggestion that CIM’s counsel was attacking a straw man. I
do not need to decide whether CIM’s counsel expressed a genuine
misunderstanding of CIN’s pleadings or deliberately mischaracterised them for
rhetorical purposes. On either view, the prevention principle was properly in
play in the arbitration.

70 I will add for completeness that a tribunal’s wrong decisions on what
pleadings objectively entailed could still potentially raise natural justice
or jurisdictional issues in appropriate cases. This is distinct from the two
points made in the preceding paragraph, namely that how a tribunal views the
submissions is part of the context when seeking to determine their objective
meaning, and that a measure of deference should be given to a tribunal’s
procedural decisions.

71 In this case, it is clear that the Tribunal understood that from the
pleadings, the opening, the course of the evidence-taking and the submissions
that CIN did rely on the prevention principle, and that CIM had to deal with
it if it wished to succeed. The Tribunal was right to arrive at this
understanding. Given its understanding, the Tribunal never considered that
CIN’s case was misframed in the way CIM contended, or at all. The Tribunal
went a step further, explicitly coming to the view that CIM was employing a
rhetorical tactic, that of attacking a straw man. In these circumstances, the
question of indicating concerns to parties and inviting further submissions
never arose. CIM was not entitled to assume that the Tribunal had agreed to
its pleadings objection and that that was why the Tribunal did not invite
further submissions. If CIM desired a formal ruling on the pleadings point
before proceedings closed so that, if the ruling went against it, it could
decide whether to seek leave to make additional submissions on the prevention
principle, then it was incumbent on CIM to make that application in its
closing submission or separately.

72 Counsel that attack a straw man can only blame themselves for missing the
real target.

Conclusion on the natural justice challenge to the Cooperation Finding

73 Having regard to the framework set out in Soh Beng Tee (see [40] above),
the rule of natural justice in question is the right to present one’s case. I
do not consider this rule to have been breached in relation to the Cooperation
Finding: the prevention principle was, as I have found, objectively in play,
such that it was not open to CIM to claim that it could not have reasonably
foreseen the reasoning in the Award. This finding is not affected by the
silence of CIN’s counsel in the face of CIM’s counsel’s expressed
misunderstanding. There is therefore no need to proceed with the remaining
steps in the Soh Beng Tee framework. I dismiss the natural justice challenge
to the Cooperation Finding.

The jurisdictional challenge to the Cooperation Finding

74 CIM also challenged the Cooperation Finding on jurisdictional grounds,
namely that it was a decision on a matter beyond the scope of the submission
to arbitration. This point was not separately argued at the oral hearing, and
rested on no material other than that relied on for the natural justice
challenge. Given my views on what was in play in the arbitration, including
what was pleaded in the Statement of Reply, I am satisfied that the Tribunal’s
decision was within the scope of the submission to arbitration, and I dismiss
this challenge as well.

The natural justice challenge to the Calculation of Damages Finding

75 I turn to CIM’s arguments on the Calculation of Damages Finding. CIM’s
first challenge to this finding was that it should be set aside if the
Cooperation Finding was set aside. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions [151].

Having dealt with the latter, this argument naturally fails. However, quite
apart from that, CIM challenged three aspects of the Calculation of Damages
Finding, asserting that there had been a breach of natural justice in relation
to each. These three challenges were not really developed at the oral hearing,
and essentially rested on the material set out in its written submissions.

76 The first complaint made was that the Tribunal recorded at para 206 of the
Award that “[CIM] did not enter into this debate”, when in fact CIM had made
the submission that it would be inappropriate to assess damages under s 51(3)
of the English Sale of Goods Act on the basis of notional or hypothetical
dates of delivery. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

CIM’s Arbitration Closing Submissions [89]–[94].

This complaint is misplaced. The Tribunal from paras 162 to 182 of the Award
did indeed deal with CIM’s arguments that the claim failed because of the
absence of agreed delivery dates and that CIN had to prove actual loss and not
proceed on notional or hypothetical dates. In truth, what the Tribunal meant
when it said that “[CIM] did not enter into this debate” was that CIM did not
present its own alternative models or scenarios for how damages should be
calculated, in particular, on the question of when the undelivered clinker
would have been delivered if the contract had been performed. The Tribunal was
not suggesting that CIM stayed silent on the appropriateness of assessing
damages based on notional or hypothetical dates, or that CIM had conceded
anything.

77 The second complaint was that the Tribunal did not simply choose one of the
four alternative scenarios for calculation of damages pleaded by CIN at para
4.6 of the Statement of Claim but adopted a different assumption, namely that
the agreed laycans would have been evenly spaced over the span of the
contract. CIM then said it was deprived of the opportunity to address the
Tribunal on how this assumption should not be adopted. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions [157]–[161].

This complaint again fails. CIM knew or ought to have known that for the
purposes of assessing damages the question of when the undelivered clinker
would have been delivered was in issue. It had the opportunity of putting in
its own arguments, models and scenarios but chose not to do so. It effectively
adopted the position, as a matter of its own litigation strategy, that it
would focus its contentions on whether damages could be assessed at all by any
exercise of looking to notional or hypothetical delivery dates. It chose not
to engage with the further question, that was obviously in play, of which
delivery dates should be assumed for the calculations. In any event, an
arbitrator is not required to slavishly follow one or other of the
alternatives presented, but may apply his own reasoning to assess them and
make adjustments that he considers just, so long as he does not, in the words
of the Court of Appeal in Glaziers Engineering at [56], “[answer the] question
in a way that is so far removed from any position which the parties have
adopted that neither of them could have contemplated the result.”

78 The third complaint was that the method adopted by the Tribunal rested on
the unpleaded assumption that evenly spaced deliveries was broadly what the
parties would have come to if they had sought to agree laycans in good faith.
52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions [163].

This complaint too is without merit. All the Tribunal did was undertake the
common or garden exercise of trying to work out, for the purpose of assessing
damages, what would have happened if the contract had been performed. The
assumption made by the Tribunal did not have to be pleaded for this purpose,
because any litigant in CIM’s shoes would have known that this was the
exercise the Tribunal would have had to embark on. Moreover, there was
evidence before the Tribunal that the parties indeed contemplated roughly
monthly shipments of clinker, in short, evenly spaced deliveries. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions [80]; Arbitration transcript for 23 July 2020
pp 121–124.

79 Consequently, as with the Cooperation Finding, I find that there was no
breach of natural justice in relation to the Calculation of Damages Finding,
and so dismiss CIM’s challenge in this respect.

The jurisdictional challenge to the Calculation of Damages Finding

80 I turn finally to CIM’s argument that aspects of the Calculation of Damages
Finding (namely the Tribunal’s departure from CIN’s four scenarios and the
Tribunal’s assumption of evenly spaced deliveries) lay beyond the scope of
submission to the arbitration. Once more, CIM’s contentions in this regard
were confined to its written submissions, as they were not developed at the
oral hearing. Even in its written submissions, this jurisdictional challenge
was not elaborated upon in its own right, and appeared to rest upon the
preceding material on natural justice. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions [162], [165].

Given my views on the natural justice challenge to the Calculation of Damages
Finding, I am satisfied that the Calculation of Damages Finding was within the
scope of submission to arbitration. I therefore dismiss this jurisdictional
challenge as well.

Conclusion

81 I conclude that the Award was made on matters submitted and argued within
the proceedings. CIM had adequate notice of the case it had to meet. There was
no breach of natural justice or excess of jurisdiction.

82 Accordingly, I dismiss this originating summons. I will hear parties on
costs.

Philip Jeyaretnam  
Judicial Commissioner|  
---|---  
  
Nakul Dewan SA (instructed), Loong Tse Chuan and Lim Wei Shen Mark (Allen &
Gledhill LLP) for the plaintiff;

Siraj Omar SC, Allister Brendan Tan Yu Kuan, Cheng Hiu Lam Larisa and Joelle
Tan (Drew & Napier LLC) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 01 Apr 2021 (17:16 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

