Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC 67

Originating Summons No 156 of 2021

Between

VLT

… Applicant

And

1\. VLS

2\. CKI

… Respondents

grounds of decision

[Civil Procedure] — [Originating processes]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
VLT

  
v

  

VLS and another

[2021] SGHC 67

General Division of the High Court — Originating Summons No 156 of 2021  
Choo Han Teck J  
15 March 2021

23 March 2021

Choo Han Teck J:

1 The applicant is the wife of the first respondent. She is presently 54 years
old and he, a year younger. The applicant (the “wife”) and the first
respondent (the “husband”) were married on 25 April 1997 in Cook County,
Illinois, United States of America. They have two sons, born on 29 September
2002 and 5 September 2005 respectively.

2 The wife is a Singapore citizen, and the husband is an Australian citizen.
Their marriage had broken down and the wife filed FC/D 1031 of 2020 to divorce
the husband on the ground that he had behaved in such a way that she could not
reasonably be expected to live with him. The divorce proceedings are ongoing.

3 In the course of the divorce proceedings, the ownership of the matrimonial
home at 6 Pandan Valley (“6 Pandan Valley”) became an issue and, consequently,
the wife commenced this Originating Summons HC/OS 156/2021 (the “Originating
Summons”) as the applicant, naming the husband as the first respondent and her
mother as the second respondent (the “mother”). 6 Pandan Valley is in the
wife’s sole name.

4 In this Originating Summons, the wife is seeking a declaration that 6 Pandan
Valley is a matrimonial asset and that she holds 41.2% of the beneficial
interest in it. The wife seeks, in the alternative, that the court determine
the beneficial shares of the parties. I dismissed the Originating Summons and
now set out my grounds.

5 There is no dispute that 6 Pandan Valley was the matrimonial home. In
divorce proceedings, the matrimonial home will be dealt with as part of the
pool of matrimonial assets available for division, but if, as in this case, a
third party is said to be the beneficial owner of the property or a portion of
it, that third party must file a claim by way of a suit stating the basis of
her claim, that is to say, setting out her cause of action.

6 In this case, it is not clear what the mother’s cause of action is because
she was made a respondent by the wife. The mother herself has not made a claim
to the property, and since 6 Pandan Valley is in the sole name of the wife,
the property must be divided between her husband and her. A third party who
has a claim must personally assert that claim as a plaintiff.

7 The wife’s counsel was also unsure whether the mother is claiming as a
beneficial owner of 6 Pandan Valley or whether she is claiming as a lender of
part of the purchase price.

8 If the mother is claiming as a beneficial owner, then her claim may have to
be founded on trust because the property is in the sole name of the wife. In
that case, the mother would need to file a writ of summons, and the husband
may have to apply to be joined as a party in order to challenge the mother’s
claim on the ground that it is he and not her that has a share in this
property. If the mother is claiming as a lender, that would be a claim in
contract, and the particulars of the contract would have to be pleaded.

9 Thus, this Originating Summons is flawed because the second respondent, and
not the wife, ought to be the applicant. Secondly, the Originating Summons is
flawed because the claim is dependent on fact and law, neither of which has
been pleaded. And, assuming that the mother’s claim is in trust or contract,
the action will have to be commenced by writ unless the facts are not
disputed, which is highly unlikely.

10 I therefore dismissed the Originating Summons without prejudice to the
mother’s right to file a suit as claimant of 6 Pandan Valley or part thereof,
with costs reserved.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge of the High Court

Cha Yong Sing Ignatious and Yeo Poh Tiang (Yeo & Associates LLC) for the
applicant;  
Yee May Kuen Peggy Sarah, Liaw Shu Juan Audrey and Chua Ru En Rachel (PY Legal
LLC) for the first respondent;  
The second respondent absent and unrepresented.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 12 Oct 2022 (20:48 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

