Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the Court of Appeal of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGCA 32

Criminal Appeal No 23 of 2020

Between

Murugesan a/l Arumugam  
---  
  
… Appellant

And

Public Prosecutor  
---  
  
… Respondent

Ex Tempore judgment

[Criminal Law] — [Statutory offences] — [Misuse of Drugs Act]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Murugesan a/l Arumugam

  
v

  

Public Prosecutor

[2021] SGCA 32

Court of Appeal — Criminal Appeal No 23 of 2020  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JCA, Tay Yong Kwang JCA and Quentin Loh JAD  
6 April 2021

6 April 2021

Andrew Phang Boon Leong JCA (delivering the judgment of the court ex tempore):

Introduction

1 The present case is an appeal against the decision of the High Court judge
(“the Judge”) in Public Prosecutor v Murugesan a/l Arumugam [2020] SGHC 203
(“the GD”). The appellant pleaded guilty to and was convicted on one charge of
trafficking in not less than 14.99g of diamorphine under s 5(1)(a) of the
Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed) (“MDA”). He was sentenced to 25
years’ imprisonment and 15 strokes of the cane. His sentence was backdated to
26 March 2016 to take account of his time spent in remand. He brings this
appeal challenging the sentence imposed.

Facts

2 The facts are uncomplicated and uncontested. On 24 March 2016, at about
12.10pm, the appellant rode a motorcycle bearing license plate number JQR 5667
(“the Bike”) into the HDB carpark located at Lengkong Tiga. Separately, about
ten minutes later, a co-accused person name Ansari, accompanied by his
girlfriend Bella, entered the same HDB car park in a car driven by one Jufri
(“the Car”). Ansari and Bella met the appellant at the void deck of Block 106
of Lengkong Tiga where they received two packets in exchange for $5,880. At
about 12.25pm, the Central Narcotics Bureau (“CNB”) officers arrested all four
individuals, namely, the appellant, Ansari, Bella and Jufri.

3 When the CNB conducted its searches, its officers found two things: first, a
dark blue sling bag in the front basket of the Bike, containing $5,880; and
second, a white plastic bag containing two plastic packets of brown granular
substance on the floorboard under the front passenger seat of the Car.
Analysis later revealed that the packets contained respectively, 457.7g of
granular powdery substance containing not less than 20.55g of diamorphine; and
457.5g of granular powdery substance containing not less than 90.17g of
diamorphine.

4 During the course of investigations, the appellant admitted to collecting
illicit drugs from an Indian man at Jurong Bird Park on the instructions of
one ‘Ismail’. He also admitted to having taken instructions to pass the
collected drugs to a Malay man – who turned out to be Ansari – at Block 106
Lengkong Tiga. The appellant was promised 500RM for delivering “a packet or
two”.

Our decision

5 As we pointed out during the hearing, the charge should be amended to delete
the concluding words “, and further upon your conviction, you may
alternatively be liable to be punished under section 33B of the said Act”.
This is because the alternative sentencing regime in s 33B of the MDA applies
only if the charge contains a capital offence and the offence in the present
charge is not a capital one. No prejudice is caused by this error in the
charge because the alternative sentencing regime would entail life
imprisonment and a minimum of 15 strokes of the cane or life imprisonment
without caning if abnormality of mind is proved by the appellant. We therefore
order that the charge be amended by deleting the said words.

6 As stated earlier, the appellant pleaded guilty and seeks only to challenge
the sentence imposed. For an offence under s 5(1)(a) of the MDA – for which
the appellant has been charged and convicted of – the second schedule of the
MDA states that the unauthorised trafficking of between 10 and 15 grams of
diamorphine attracts a maximum of 30 years of imprisonment or imprisonment for
life, and a mandatory 15 strokes of the cane. The minimum imprisonment term is
20 years. The sole matter to be decided in the present matter, therefore, is
the appropriate custodial sentence to be imposed.

7 The High Court decision in Vasentha d/o Joseph v Public Prosecutor [2015] 5
SLR 122 (“Vasentha”) set out the general approach to be applied for cases
involving trafficking in diamorphine in quantities of up to 9.99 grams. Later,
in the High Court decision of Public Prosecutor v Tan Lye Heng [2017] SGHC
146, this framework was extended and applied to cases where there was
trafficking between 10 and 15 grams of diamorphine. The framework involves
three steps.

8 The first step involves identifying an indicative starting point for the
appropriate sentence based on the quantity of drugs trafficked. Where someone
has been found trafficking between 13.01 and 15 grams of diamorphine, the
starting point is between 26 and 29 years of imprisonment. The present case
involves trafficking in not less than 14.99 grams of diamorphine, which in
turn represents the furthest end of the 13.01 to 15 gram bracket. Accordingly,
it warrants a custodial starting point that lies at the far end of the
corresponding sentencing range. In our view, 29 years of imprisonment should
be the indicative starting point.

9 The second step involves calibrating the sentence based on (a) the
culpability of the offender and (b) any mitigating or aggravating factors. As
regards the appellant’s culpability, we agree with the Judge’s finding that
the appellant played a minor role in the drug-trafficking operations (see [22]
of the GD). Being a mere courier, the appellant cannot be said to be as
culpable as say, a kingpin who controls and coordinates these operations. As
for the appellant’s mitigating factors, we similarly accept the Judge’s
findings that the appellant was contrite and that his guilty plea was a sign
of genuine remorse (see [24] of the GD). Additionally, we agree with the
Judge’s assessment (and rejection) of aggravating factors proposed by the
Prosecution. The suggestion was that the mere fact – without more – of the
appellant’s involvement in a larger network of drug supply and his
facilitation of drug distribution within Singapore were aggravating factors.
These cannot credibly be considered aggravating factors. They are a feature of
every drug trafficking case. Invariably some sort of (possibly syndicated)
supply network is involved. Invariably some sort of drug distribution is
facilitated in Singapore. To recognise these as aggravating factors would be
to take the very fact of drug trafficking to be an aggravating factor.
Needless to say, that would effectively build an aggravating factor into every
instance where drug trafficking is made out. Something more would be required
and much would, of course, depend on the precise facts and circumstances of
the case. We reject such an approach and find that there are no aggravating
factors. We note nonetheless that the appellant was in fact riding while under
disqualification on the day of the drug transaction as he had been
disqualified in respect of all classes of licence for 24 months on 3 February
2016, less than two months before the drug transaction. The disqualification
was imposed because he had been riding without a driving licence and the
necessary insurance.

10 In the circumstances of this case, we do not think that the sentence of 25
years’ imprisonment can be said to be manifestly excessive. Indeed, we find
that the Judge’s assessment was broadly in keeping with authorities such as
the High Court decisions in Public Prosecutor v Vashan a/l K Raman [2019] SGHC
151 and Public Prosecutor v Hari Krishnan Selvan [2017] SGHC 168, where
similarly-situated accused persons had been sentenced with 25 and 26 years of
imprisonment, respectively. For an appellate court to intervene and to correct
the sentence imposed, there must have been a manifestly excessive or
inadequate sentence and, “[i]n this regard, a sentence is only “manifestly
excessive” if there is a need for a substantial alteration, rather than an
insignificant correction, to the sentence to remedy the injustice” (see the
decision of this court in Adri Anton Kalangie v Public Prosecutor [2018] 2 SLR
557 at [79]). The present case does not suggest any manifestly excessive or
inadequate sentence and, accordingly, we do not think it appropriate to
intervene.

11 The third and final step of the analysis involves the courts taking into
account, where appropriate, the time that the offender had spent in remand
prior to the conviction either by backdating the sentence or discounting the
intended sentence. The Judge has already done this by backdating the sentence
to 26 March 2016, this being the date of the appellant’s remand (see [1] of
the GD). We see no reason to disagree with his decision on this particular
point either.

Conclusion

12 For the reasons set out above, we uphold the Judge’s decision and dismiss
the appeal.

Andrew Phang Boon Leong  
Justice of the Court of Appeal| Tay Yong Kwang  
Justice of the Court of Appeal  
---|---  
Quentin Loh  
Judge of the Appellate Division|  
  
The applicant in person;

Terence Chua, Regina Lim, Isabella Nubari and Lu Yiwei (Attorney-General’s
Chambers) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 06 Apr 2021 (17:15 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

