Case Summary Summary Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments
Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the court of APPEAL OF the republic of singapore

[2021] SGCA 113

Criminal Appeal No 1 of 2021

Between

| Jumadi Bin Abdullah  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

Public Prosecutor  
---  
  
… Respondent

Criminal Appeal No 2 of 2021

Between

| Shisham Bin Abdul Rahman  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

Public Prosecutor  
---  
  
… Respondent

Criminal Appeal No 3 of 2021

Between

| Salzawiyah Binte Latib  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

Public Prosecutor  
---  
  
… Respondent

JUDGMENT

[Criminal Law] — [Statutory offences] — [Misuse of Drugs Act]

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Statements] — [Voluntariness]

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Sentencing]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Jumadi bin Abdullah

  
v

  

Public Prosecutor and other appeals

[2021] SGCA 113

Court of Appeal — Criminal Appeals Nos 1, 2 and 3 of 2021  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JCA, Judith Prakash JCA and Steven Chong JCA  
11 October 2021

30 November 2021

Steven Chong JCA (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 Section 33B of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed) (“MDA”) offers
courts the discretion to impose life imprisonment in lieu of the death penalty
if drug couriers offer substantive assistance to enforcement agencies upon
their arrest. The specific mechanisms and legal requirements of the provision
were vigorously debated in parliament – what would constitute “substantial
assistance”; who decides cooperation and by what criteria; and whether
couriers (ie, persons in a drug syndicate who served functions which rendered
them less culpable in the drug trafficking operation, such as delivery of the
drugs or preparatory work ) could ever meaningfully take advantage of these
provisions – but one thing was clear and unchallenged: s 33B MDA is a
“cooperation mechanism”. And much like similar provisions found in other
jurisdictions, it was ultimately intended to incentivise cooperation, “giving
[couriers] an incentive to tell the truth, to help [Singapore], and to help
[themselves]”: Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report (14 November
2012) vol 89 (Mr K Shanmugam) at p 1234 (“2012 Debates”). Indeed, it seeks not
only to incentivise cooperation but to incentivise early and timeous
cooperation to ensure that information provided is fresh and useful for
investigations. That is why the accused is informed of the conditions under
which the alternative sentence of life imprisonment may be applicable, upon
his arrest.

2 The accused is put on notice not just to incentivise early cooperation but
also to be properly apprised of the legal effect of s 33B MDA. The “Notice of
requirements that would satisfy s 33B(2) of the Misuse of Drugs Act” (“the MDP
Notice”) includes a disclaimer that it is “purely for [the accused’s]
information, and should not be construed as a threat, inducement or promise”
(“the Disclaimer”). This Disclaimer, together with amendments made to s 258(3)
of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed) (“CPC”), are part of the
measures taken to pre-empt potential legal challenges to the voluntariness of
statements obtained after an MDP Notice has been administered. Parliament was
alive to the possibility of such challenges and took clear steps to
statutorily provide that the MDP Notice is not a representation capable of
amounting to a threat/inducement/promise under s 258(3) of the CPC.

3 Notwithstanding this, there have been continued creative attempts by accused
persons to challenge the voluntariness of statements obtained after
administration of the MDP Notice. The present case is the latest in the series
of such attempts.

Facts

The charges

4 The accused persons’ charges were amended at the end of trial. All their
charges were amended to reflect a lower gross weight and analysed weight of
diamorphine: Public Prosecutor v Salzawiyah bte Latib and others [2021] SGHC
16 (“the First Judgment”) at [5].

5 The amended charge against the first appellant (“Jumadi”) was framed as
follows:

You, [Jumadi Bin Abdullah]

…

are charged that you, on 22 June 2017, at about 2.15 pm, at unit 02-04 Leville
iSuites, 28 Ceylon Road, Singapore, together with one Shisham Bin Abdul
Rahman, NRIC No S[xxxx]197F, and one Salzawiyah Binte Latib, NRIC No
S[xxxx]495J, in furtherance of the common intention of you all, did traffic in
a Class A controlled drug listed in the First Schedule to the Misuse of Drugs
Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed) (‘MDA’), to wit, by having in your possession, 127
packets containing not less than 3,280.06g of granular/powdery substance,
which was analysed and found to contain not less than 41.86g of diamorphine,
for the purpose of trafficking, without authorisation under the MDA or the
Regulations made thereunder, and you have thereby committed an offence under s
5(1)(a) read with s 5(2) of the MDA and read with s 34 of the Penal Code (Cap
224, 2008 Rev Ed), which is punishable under s 33(1) of the MDA, and further,
upon your conviction for the said offence, you may alternatively be liable to
be punished under s 33B of the MDA.

[emphasis in original]

6 The amended charge against the second appellant (“Shisham”) was framed as
follows:

You, [Shisham Bin Abdul Rahman]

…

are charged that you, on 22 June 2017, at about 2.15 pm, at unit 02-04 Leville
iSuites, 28 Ceylon Road, Singapore, together with one Jumadi Bin Abdullah,
NRIC No S[xxxx]319J, and one Salzawiyah Binte Latib, NRIC No S[xxxx]495J, in
furtherance of the common intention of you all, did traffic in a Class A
controlled drug listed in the First Schedule to the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap
185, 2008 Rev Ed) (‘MDA’), to wit, by having in your possession, 127 packets
containing not less than 3,280.06g of granular/powdery substance, which was
analysed and found to contain not less than 41.86g of diamorphine, for the
purpose of trafficking, without authorisation under the MDA or the Regulations
made thereunder, and you have thereby committed an offence under s 5(1)(a)
read with s 5(2) of the MDA and read with s 34 of the Penal Code (Cap 224,
2008 Rev Ed), which is punishable under s 33(1) of the MDA, and further, upon
your conviction for the said offence, you may alternatively be liable to be
punished under s 33B of the MDA.

[emphasis in original]

7 The amended charge against the third appellant (“Salzawiyah”) was framed as
follows:

You, [Salzawiyah Binte Latib]

…

are charged that you, on 22 June 2017, at about 2.15 pm, at unit 02-04 Leville
iSuites, 28 Ceylon Road, Singapore, together with one Jumadi Bin Abdullah,
NRIC No S[xxxx]319J, and one Shisham Bin Abdul Rahman, NRIC No S[xxxx]197F, in
furtherance of the common intention of you all, did traffic in a Class A
controlled drug listed in the First Schedule to the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap
185, 2008 Rev Ed) (‘MDA’), to wit, by having in your possession, 127 packets
containing not less than 3,280.06g of granular/powdery substance, which was
analysed and found to contain not less than 14.99g of diamorphine, for the
purpose of trafficking, without authorisation under the MDA or the Regulations
made thereunder, and you have thereby committed an offence under s 5(1)(a)
read with s 5(2) of the MDA and read with s 34 of the Penal Code (Cap 224,
2008 Rev Ed), which is punishable under s 33(1) of the MDA.

[emphasis in original]

8 Jumadi and Shisham were found guilty and sentenced to death. They are
seeking acquittals on appeal. Salzawiyah was also found guilty and sentenced
to 29 years’ imprisonment. She is contesting only her sentence.

The factual background

9 The facts have already been extensively covered in the First Judgment. We
set out only the salient details which are necessary for context and for
determination of the issues on appeal.

10 On the morning of 22 June 2017, Jumadi and Shisham brought about $11,000 to
Changi South Lane (“the Collection Point”) to purchase some drugs. The precise
amount of drugs they sought to purchase and when it was purchased is in
dispute. What is undisputed however, is that on 22 June 2017 at 2.13pm,
officers from the Central Narcotics Bureau (“CNB”) raided the one bedroom unit
which Jumadi shared with his girlfriend Salzawiyah (“the Unit”). Jumadi and
Salzawiyah were arrested in the living room while Shisham was arrested in the
toilet that he had locked himself in. At 2.25pm, SSSgt Muhammad Fardlie Bin
Ramlie (“SSSgt Fardlie”) recorded a statement from Jumadi (“the First
Contemporaneous Statement”).

11 During their search of the Unit, the officers found a haul of drugs,
located variously in the living room and in the bedroom. They also found
various drug trafficking paraphernalia such as weighing scales, sachets,
scissors and spoons, as well as a notebook (“the Notebook”) which was
essentially a ledger detailing how much Jumadi paid per batu of diamorphine.
The accused persons were frisked, and the drugs were taken into custody. These
are the drugs which form the subject of the abovementioned charges, as well as
the raw weight and analysed weight of the same per the Health Sciences
Authority (“HSA”):

S/No| Exhibit Name| Description | Location (where the drugs were found)| HSA Raw weight measured (g)| HSA Analysed weight (g)  
---|---|---|---|---|---  
1| A1A1| One packet of diamorphine | Red Bag (A1), near living room television console| 436.5| 4.87  
2| A1B1| One packet of diamorphine | Red Bag (A1), near living room television console| 429.6| 4.61  
3| A1C1| One packet of diamorphine | Red Bag (A1), near living room television console| 432.1| 5.83  
4| A1D1| One packet of diamorphine | Red Bag (A1), near living room television console| 420.3| 3.73  
5| A1E1| 32 sachets of diamorphine | Red Bag (A1), near living room television console| 241.7| 2.77  
6| A1F1| 30 sachets of diamorphine| Red Bag (A1), near living room television
console| 225.4| 2.41  
7| A2A1| One packet of diamorphine | Camouflage Bad (A2), near television console| 427.1| 7.83  
8| B1A1| 10 sachets of diamorphine| Pink Box (B1), beside living room sofa.|
75.35| 0.89  
9| D1A| 5 sachets of diamorphine | Silver Bag (D1), on bed located inside bedroom| 34.48| 0.73  
10| D2A| 10 sachets of diamorphine | Silver Bag (D1), on bed located inside bedroom| 75.34| 1.30  
11| D3A| 5 sachets of diamorphine| Silver Bag (D1), on bed located inside
bedroom| 37.82| 0.72  
12| D4A| Three sachets of diamorphine| Silver Bag (D1), on bed located inside
bedroom| 22.35| 0.29  
Two sachets of diamorphine| 15.10| 0.31  
13| D5A| Five sachets of diamorphine | Silver Bag (D1), on bed located inside bedroom| 34.27| 0.55  
Six sachets of diamorphine| 45.25| 1.08  
14| E1B1| One packet of diamorphine | Silver Bag (E1B), in wardrobe compartment located inside the bedroom| 224.5| 2.56  
15| E1E| 13 sachets of diamorphine| 102.9| 1.38  
  
Issues to be determined

12 On appeal, four main issues arose:

(a) Whether the Judge had erred in holding that the eleven statements recorded
from Jumadi (“Jumadi’s Statements”) were given voluntarily;

(b) Whether the Judge had erred in rejecting Jumadi’s defences at trial;

(c) Whether the Judge had erred in rejecting Shisham’s defence at trial; and

(d) Whether the Judge had imposed a manifestly excessive sentence on
Salzawiyah.

The decision below

13 We set out the trial judge’s (“the Judge”) findings and conclusions in
relation to each of these aforementioned issues.

Voluntariness of Jumadi’s Statements

14 Jumadi alleged that all his statements had been made pursuant to a promise
given to him by SSSgt Fardlie, which was subsequently reinforced and
perpetuated by Investigation Officer Station Inspector Yip Lai Peng (“IO
Yip”). This promise was to the effect that, if Jumadi cooperated with the CNB
and admitted ownership of the drugs, he would not receive the death penalty
(“the Promise”).

15 The Judge found that Jumadi’s Statements had been made voluntarily.
Involuntariness had to be established on both an objective basis (in that
there was objectively a threat, promise or inducement) and on a subjective
basis (in that the threat, promise or inducement had actually operated on the
mind of the particular accused person through hope of escape or fear of
punishment connected with the charge): Chai Chien Wei Kelvin v Public
Prosecutor [1998] 3 SLR(R) 619 (“Kelvin Chai”) at [53].

16 Objectively speaking, the Promise could not have been made at the time that
Jumadi claimed it had been made: First Judgment at [90]–[93] and [96]–[97].
This was based on SSSgt Fardlie’s field diary, SSgt Phang Yee Leong James’
(“SSgt Phang”) field diary, the contents of the First Contemporaneous
Statement itself, and the fact that Jumadi failed to call any witnesses to
back up his account – in fact, it was at odds with Salzawiyah’s and Dr Derrick
Yeo Chen Kuan’s testimony (Dr Yeo being the doctor who Jumadi later told about
the Promise).

17 Still on the objective limb, the Judge found that the MDP Notice was
objectively not a promise, threat or inducement either. To be clear, this MDP
Notice was different from that found in Public Prosecutor v Sibeko Lindiwe
Mary-Jane [2016] SGHC 199 (“Sibeko”). It had an additional paragraph beginning
with the line stating “You are hereby invited to provide information...”. The
Judge found that the additional paragraph was merely a “neutral invitation to
provide information” and that it “did not contain any substantive reason which
could potentially operate as an inducement, threat or promise”. This was
especially so considering the Disclaimer at the end of the MDP Notice which
made clear that there was no guarantee that cooperation would result in a
certificate of substantive assistance being issued: First Judgment at [105].

18 Turning to the subjective limb, the Judge found that the promise,
inducement or threat (assuming it existed) would not have operated on Jumadi’s
mind. The Judge found Jumadi to be a shrewd and intelligent man, who was
unlikely to have simply believed the Promise or misconstrued the MDP notice at
the time of the raid. Moreover, the Judge found it incredible that the Promise
and/or MDP Notice would have caused such a rapid change of mind, as Jumadi
claimed: First Judgment at [112].

Jumadi’s defences at trial

19 Jumadi had two defences at trial:

(a) The first, the Mistake Defence, pertained to the bundles marked A1B1, A1C1
and A2A1 (collectively, “the Three Bundles”). He claimed that these had been
mistakenly delivered by his supplier, Vishu. They were not his; he was just
arranging an opportunity to return them to Vishu. He claimed that he had only
intended to purchase two batu on 22 June 2017 and had only made arrangements
on 21 June 2017 to purchase 2 batu of diamorphine (One batu refers to one
bundle of approximately 450g of unwashed diamorphine).

(b) The second, the Ownership Defence, pertained to the packets marked D1A,
D2A, D3A, D4A, D5A, E1B1 and E1E (which were found inside the bedroom as
opposed to the living room). He claimed that these were purchased before 22
June 2017 and actually belonged to Salzawiyah. Those packets (“the Bedroom
Bundles”) were for Salzawiyah to sell to her own customers.

20 Central to Jumadi’s Mistake Defence was a certain chronology of the events
of 21 June 2017 and 22 June 2017. This chronology differed from the
Prosecution’s chronology of events in four key respects.

(a) First, the Prosecution claimed that Jumadi and Shisham had together called
Vishu, and placed an order for five batu on 21 June 2017 at 4pm (“the 4pm
Call”). Jumadi claimed that the call had never connected.

(b) Second, the Prosecution claimed that at 6.57pm, 7.27pm and 11pm on 21 June
2017, Shisham alone had received calls from Vishu with details of the batu
collection the next day. Jumadi claimed that he and Shisham were together
during those calls and that although Vishu had attempted to sell them more
batu, both of them had eventually placed an order for only two batu.

(c) Third, the Prosecution claimed that the batu ordered was collected
sometime around 10am on 22 June 2017. In contrast, Jumadi claimed that it was
picked up around 8am instead and at that point, they had received an extra
three batu by mistake.

(d) Fourth, the Prosecution pointed to a call Jumadi received from a man named
Baba on 22 June 2017. The Prosecution’s theory was that Baba had called asking
to purchase two packets of diamorphine. Jumadi had agreed and had dispatched
Shisham to deliver those packets around noon of 22 June 2017. Jumadi’s version
was that the sale to Baba had been cancelled, and that Shisham had left the
Unit around noon to search for a place to hide the Three Bundles which they
had mistakenly received.

21 The Judge found that the chronology put forward by the Prosecution was the
one substantiated by the evidence:

(a) Regarding the 4pm Call, Jumadi’s claims (that the call had never
connected) were made on the basis that, in a tabulation of Shisham’s phone
call records, the box indicating the “Duration” of the 4pm call was left
blank. To confirm whether the 4pm Call had connected and its duration, the
Judge authorised the Prosecution to break open the sealed envelope containing
Shisham’s mobile phone in the presence of the accused persons’ respective
counsel, and it was found that the 4pm Call had connected and had lasted one
minute and 36 seconds: First Judgment at [182]. The Judge reasoned that the
court was entitled to turn on the phone and examine its content in this manner
because (i) the phone had already been produced in evidence, suggesting that
the contents of the phone were open for inspection as well; (ii) there was no
need for additional processing by a technician or expert in order to access
the information on the phone; and (iii) there was no prejudice thereby
occasioned to Jumadi: First Judgment at [180] and [181].

(b) As for the 6.57pm, 7.27pm and 11pm calls on 21 June 2021, the Judge found
that Jumadi and Shisham had not been in the same location at those times. This
was clear from the calls and text messages between them at that time.
Therefore, Jumadi’s version of events (where he and Shisham had received calls
from Vishu together), could not have happened: First Judgment at [173] and
[176].

(c) As for the timing of the batu collection, the Judge rejected Jumadi’s
version as it was directly contradicted by Salzawiyah’s evidence and
contemporaneous phone records. It also contradicted his Fourth Long Statement
and Jumadi was not able to explain why he would lie about the drug collection
times in his Fourth Long Statement: First Judgment at [183]–[190].

(d) Finally, regarding Baba, the Judge found that Jumadi’s account was refuted
by contemporaneous phone records and Shisham’s statements to the CNB: First
Judgment at [192].

22 As for the Ownership Defence, the Judge rejected it because:

(a) Jumadi clearly stated in his Second Contemporaneous Statement that the
drugs found in the bedroom belonged to him, going so far as to explain where
they originated from (“old stuffs which have been packed”): First Judgment at
[208];

(b) The Bedroom Bundles were found in the bedroom which Jumadi was known to
share with Salzawiyah: First Judgment at [209]; and

(c) Salzawiyah’s text messages suggested that the deals she was making were an
extension of Jumadi’s drug trafficking operations: First Judgment at [213].

Shisham’s Defence

23 Shisham’s Defence was that he was a mere addict who stayed with Jumadi and
Salzawiyah at the Unit. Strikingly, his defence was entirely contained in his
statements – Shisham chose not to testify at trial. Ultimately, the Judge
rejected his defence because:

(a) Shisham’s defence was inherently incredible. Indeed, Shisham’s statements
(which his counsel confirmed were given voluntarily without promise, threat or
inducement) could not properly explain why Jumadi would provide drugs and
lodging for free to Shisham (“I can’t explain why Jumadi is so good to me”):
First Judgment at [255]–[257].

(b) Jumadi’s statements identified Shisham as the person who (i) “gave the
contact to order the stuff from Malaysia”, (ii) liaised with the supplier over
the phone; and (iii) was his business partner (“we pool our customers
together, shared money to buy our heroin supply and split our profits
equally”): First Judgment at [226]. This was confirmed by Jumadi’s testimony
in court: First Judgment at [228].

(c) Salzawiyah’s statements (which her counsel confirmed were given
voluntarily without promise, threat or inducement) detailed Shisham’s
involvement in the drug operations. He got “a good price” for the drugs,
liaised with the supplier, collected the drugs, packed the drugs and sold
them: First Judgment at [238]. Salzawiyah maintained her account of Shisham’s
general involvement in the trafficking operation as well as his involvement in
collecting the five batu on 22 June 2017, in her court testimony: First
Judgment at [239];

(d) Objective evidence such as Shisham’s messages, and the Notebook’s entries
showed Shisham’s involvement in the drug trafficking operation: First Judgment
at [243]–[253].

Salzawiyah’s Sentence

24 Applying the framework set out in Vasentha d/o Joseph v Public Prosecutor
[2015] 5 SLR 122 (“Vasentha”), the Judge found that the indicative starting
point for a first time offender, trafficking in 13–15g of diamorphine would be
26–29 years’ imprisonment and 15 strokes of the cane: Public Prosecutor v
Salzawiyah bte Latib and others [2021] SGHC 17 (“the Second Judgment”) at [8].

25 The next step in the Vasentha framework was to examine the accused person’s
culpability and any relevant mitigating/aggravating factors to adjust the
indicative starting point accordingly.

(a) The Judge found that Salzawiyah had a high degree of culpability as the
drug trafficking operation had been run for personal profit and because she
had been heavily involved in the trafficking operations. She helped to pack
the diamorphine, recorded drug-related transactions, managed the accounts of
the drug trafficking operation, taught Jumadi how to keep the accounts of the
drug trafficking activities, safekept the sale proceeds of the diamorphine,
sold drugs, delivered drugs, coordinated deliveries, recruited runners for
deliveries, and dealt with customer complaints.: Second Judgment at [11]–[12].

(b) The Judge took into account three aggravating factors: Salzawiyah’s
relevant criminal antecedents, her consent to having certain charges being
taken into consideration for purposes of sentencing, and the fact that she was
involved in trafficking a variety of drugs: Second Judgment at [14]–[17].

(c) The Judge gave very little mitigating weight to any assistance that
Salzawiyah gave to the authorities. She struggled upon arrest, was not fully
truthful in her statements, and denied the charge brought against her at
trial, admitting only to possession of 9.81g of diamorphine for the purpose of
trafficking. Moreover, she claimed to have ceased her involvement in the drug
trafficking operation by June 2017 but that ultimately turned out to be
untrue. All these suggested that Salzawiyah was not truly remorseful for her
actions: Second Judgment at [19].

26 Finally, the Judge did not consider it necessary to increase the sentence
in lieu of caning. Such additional imprisonment would have had very little
marginal deterrent value: Second Judgment at [23]. In the circumstances, the
Judge decided to sentence Salzawiyah to 29 years imprisonment which was
backdated to 22 June 2017, the date of Salzawiyah’s arrest: Second Judgment at
[25].

Issue 1: Voluntariness of Jumadi’s Statements

The applicable law

27 The Judge applied the correct test of voluntariness in the proceedings
below (see [15] above) namely, involuntariness must be established on both an
objective and a subjective basis: Kelvin Chai at [53]. It also bears repeating
that there is a high threshold for appellate intervention where findings of
fact are based on a trial judge’s assessment of the witnesses’ credibility and
demeanour at trial: ADF v Public Prosecutor [2010] 1 SLR 874 at [16]. Here,
that reluctance is particularly pronounced since assessing the voluntariness
of a statement is a highly fact-sensitive exercise. An appellate court,
without the benefit of the trial or any fact-finding exercise, would be slow
to overturn such findings of fact by the trial judge.

28 We turn now to Jumadi’s two main arguments about the involuntariness of his
statements.

The Promise

29 As stated above at [14], Jumadi claimed that SSSgt Fardlie had made him a
promise to the effect that if Jumadi cooperated with the CNB and admitted
ownership of the drugs, he would not receive the death penalty:

Jumadi: I told Officer Fardlie that I do not know who these items belong to.

Cheong (Jumadi’s Counsel):

And after you said that, what did Officer Fardlie do?

Jumadi: Officer Fardlie said, “You don’t make my work difficult. I know that
all these can receive the death penalty. If you help me, I promise that I can
help you.”

Cheong: And when you heard that, what did you say?

Jumadi: I said, “Okay, I admit only to 3 batu belong to me".

Cheong And after you said that, what was Officer Fardlie’s response?

Jumadi: Officer Fardlie said, “How about the rest, who does it belong to?” And
he---and Officer Fardlie said, “Okay, Jumadi, just now I told you that I would
help you.” If you admit that all these items belong to you, I promise that I
will let you off the gallows.”

Cheong: And after you heard that, what was your response?

Jumadi: I said to Officer Fardlie, “If that is true, then I---you”---sorry.
“Okay, this is what you promise, is it?” Okay, I repeat. I told Officer
Fardlie, “Sure this is what you promise, right?”

Cheong: And after you said that, what was Officer Fardlie’s response?

Jumadi: I saw Officer Fardlie nodded his head twice.

Cheong: And after he nodded his head, what happened after that?

Jumadi: I saw Officer Fardlie took out a book.

Cheong: And after he took out the book, what did Officer Fardlie do?

Jumadi: Officer Fardlie started to ask me to make a statement.

Cheong: So at that point in time, did you give a statement?

Jumadi: Yes

Cheong: Why did you give the statement?

Jumadi: I gave that statement because in my mind Officer Fardlie had promised
me if I admit that all these items belong to me, and if I cooperate with CNB,
I would be let off from the gallows.

30 We agree with the Judge that Jumadi’s account of events was unbelievable.
Jumadi’s account was that SSSgt Fardlie had conducted a search of the
premises, found the drugs and had then used the Promise to get Jumadi to admit
to ownership of the incriminating items in his First Contemporaneous
Statement. But as the Judge correctly pointed out, there was simply no
evidence of any search or any conversation prior to the recording of the First
Contemporaneous Statement. If anything, the contemporaneous evidence (such as
SSSgt Fardlie’s and SSgt Phang’s field diaries) suggested that searches had
been conducted after the First Contemporaneous Statement had been taken: First
Judgment at [91]–[93]. There were individuals who, by Jumadi’s own account,
were at the scene and could therefore have corroborated his account. None of
them were called to testify. Jumadi had also supposedly told Shisham and Dr
Yeo about the Promise. Again, neither of them was called to the stand. The
Judge found this telling: First Judgment at [96]–[97]. We agree.

31 This fundamental aspect of Jumadi’s narrative – that an earlier search of
the Unit had equipped SSSgt Fardlie with the ammunition for the Promise –
remained doubtful on appeal. Jumadi stressed that it was suspicious that SSSgt
Fardlie had known to look in the Red Bag for the drugs. The implication was
that Jumadi had directed SSSgt Fardlie where to look in a conversation prior
to the recording of the First Contemporaneous Statement. That argument,
however, contradicted Jumadi’s entire narrative. By Jumadi’s own account,
SSSgt Fardlie had, on his own initiative, searched the Unit and found the
incriminating drugs. Indeed, Jumadi’s entire account at trial rested on a very
specific chronology of events. First there was the search. Drugs were found.
Then there was the conversation where the Promise was conveyed. And finally
the First Contemporaneous Statement was recorded to capture the supposedly
involuntary confession. Jumadi’s argument on appeal suggests, instead, that
the conversation preceded the search. We found this to be another in a long
line of inconsistencies in Jumadi’s testimony (see First Judgment at
[147]–[196] where the Judge exhaustively listed the numerous inconsistencies
in Jumadi’s testimony). In any case, there was nothing suspicious about SSSgt
Fardlie beginning his search of the Unit with a red bag lying conspicuously on
the living room floor. For reference, this is a photograph taken of the scene
at the time of arrest:

![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)

32 We would go further. On whichever version of Jumadi’s narrative is
accepted, the Promise simply could not have been made. If the conversation had
preceded the search, SSSgt Fardlie would have had nothing to offer in exchange
for a confession. He would, presumably, have no knowledge of the amount of
drugs that was in the Unit and whether the amount crossed the capital
threshold, such that he could “offer” Jumadi an escape from the gallows in
exchange for a confession. If the conversation had taken place after the
search, Jumadi’s account was equally unbelievable. Shisham’s arrest (which
took longer than Jumadi’s), the search, the conversation and the subsequent
Promise – all this, according to Jumadi, had supposedly happened within a
short 12 minute window between Jumadi’s arrest (at 2.13pm) and the time when
the First Contemporaneous Statement was first taken (at 2.25pm). This was
incredible. In fact, there was no reason for a CNB officer to extend such a
promise in those circumstances. The officers were at the flat precisely to
search for drugs. The search was not an exercise which required any (more)
information from Jumadi especially given the modest size of the flat. All this
made Jumadi’s narrative(s) difficult to believe, much less accept.

33 And finally, even if a conversation had taken place before the First
Contemporaneous Statement was taken, it does not follow that SSSgt Fardlie
would necessarily have made any promises during the conversation. This point
was specifically put to Jumadi’s counsel at the appeal hearing. Counsel was
unable to offer any response.

34 In the circumstances, we affirm the Judge’s finding that the Promise had
not in fact been made at any point in time.

The MDP Notice

35 Jumadi’s second challenge to the voluntariness of his statements centred on
the MDP Notice and Explanation 2(aa) of s 258(3) of the CPC (“Explanation
2(aa)”). Specifically, Jumadi’s submissions focus on the penultimate paragraph
of the MDP Notice (“the Invitation”) while the Prosecution’s response centres
on the Disclaimer found in the last paragraph of the MDP Notice. We reproduce
them here for reference. The MDP Notice states:

Your attention is hereby brought to section 33B(2) of the Misuse of Drugs Act.

This provision, read with section 33B(1)(a) Misuse of Drugs Act, gives the
courts the discretion to sentence an accused person convicted of trafficking,
importing and exporting of controlled drugs to life imprisonment (and caning,
for males under 50), instead of death, if both the following conditions are
met.

First, the accused person’s involvement in the offence is restricted to:

(a) transporting, sending or delivering a controlled drug;

(b) offering to transport, send or deliver a controlled drug;

(c) doing or offering to do any act preparatory to or for the purpose of his
transporting, sending or delivering a controlled drug; or

(d) Any combination of the activities listed in (a), (b) and (c).

AND

Second, the Public Prosecutor certifies to the court that, in his
determination, the accused person has substantively assisted the Central
Narcotics Bureau in disrupting drug trafficking activities within or outside
Singapore.

You are hereby invited to provide information to the Central Narcotics Bureau
for the purposes of disrupting drug trafficking activities within or outside
Singapore. A delay in providing such information would usually affect its
effectiveness in substantively assisting the Central Narcotics Bureau in
disrupting drug trafficking activities within or outside Singapore. The mere
fact that you provide information, however, does not mean that you will
eventually be certified as having provided substantive assistance.

This notification is purely for your information, and should not be construed
as a threat, inducement or promise for you to give evidence about the
involvement of you and any other person in the commission of an offence.

[emphasis in bold added]

36 Explanation 2(aa) reads as follows:

Explanation 2 – If a statement is otherwise admissible, it will not be
rendered inadmissible merely because it was made in any of the following
circumstances:

…

(aa) where the accused is informed in writing by a person in authority of the
circumstances in section 33B of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185) under which
life imprisonment may be imposed in lieu of death;

…

[emphasis in bold added]

37 Jumadi claimed that the MDP Notice was both an “independent occasion of
promise” and something which reinforced his existing beliefs about his
prospects for escaping the gallows. He argued that notwithstanding the
Disclaimer, the Invitation had changed the character of the MDP Notice. It now
went beyond simply bringing ss 33B(1) to 33B(4) of the MDA to the attention of
the accused person (which would be perfectly permissible under Explanation
2(aa)) and was instead an exhortation to provide information to the
authorities. This took the MDP Notice out of the statutory exception carved
out in Explanation 2(aa).

38 Insofar as Jumadi claimed that the MDP Notice reinforced his own beliefs
about escaping the gallows, that argument is a non-starter. Self-induced
notions of the existence of a promise do not render statements inadmissible:
see Amran Bin Eusuff and another v Public Prosecutor [2002] SGCA 20 at [36]
(in the context of self-induced threats). As for his claim that the MDP Notice
was a promise by itself, we do not accept his submissions. In our view, the
MDP Notice cannot be taken to be a threat, inducement or promise for the
purposes of s 258(3) of the CPC.

39 Objectively, the MDP Notice is not a promise, inducement or threat within
the meaning of s 258(3) of the CPC. It is ultimately an informational document
intended to give fair notice of the law to accused persons. This much is clear
from both the language of the MDP Notice and the circumstances in which it is
administered.

(a) Read in its entirety, the MDP Notice is largely couched in explanatory
language. The document itself is titled “Notice of requirements that would
satisfy s 33B(2) of the Misuse of Drugs Act”. It begins by bringing s 33B of
the MDA to the accused person’s attention, outlining in broad strokes the
discretion that it gives to the courts to sentence a drug trafficker to life
imprisonment rather than death. The specific requirements are then set out.
Namely, the accused person must (i) be involved in some sort of less culpable
activity such as being a courier or doing preparatory work for the trafficking
operation (even if it legally amounts to trafficking), and (ii) have received
a certificate of substantial assistance from the Public Prosecutor. It is in
that context that the “offending” invitation is extended: “You are hereby
invited to provide information to the Central Narcotics Bureau for the
purposes of disrupting drug trafficking activities within or outside
Singapore.” If understood in the larger linguistic schema and tone of the MDP
Notice, the invitation is really just an extension of the explanations which
the MDP Notice seeks to provide.

(b) Moreover, the factual context in which the MDP Notice is administered is
also important. As alluded to above (at [2]) and explained in Muhammad bin
Abdullah v Public Prosecutor and another appeal [2017] 1 SLR 427 (“Abdullah”)
at [54], notices such as this are “[as] a matter of practice, [administered]
shortly after [the accused person’s] arrest if the offence that he is alleged
to have committed carries the death penalty under the MDA”. The MDP Notice, in
other words, is intended to give the accused fair notice of the laws which
might be at play upon his arrest. In that regard, it again makes sense that
the MDP Notice is more informational than invitational, more explanation than
exhortation.

40 Jumadi urged the court to place more emphasis on the Invitation than the
Disclaimer, to put aside the express Disclaimer in favour of recognising the
MDP Notice for what it truly is – an inducement that lies outside the
statutory carveout in Explanation 2(aa). It is, in other words, an invitation
to take the substance of the MDP Notice over its form. But that argument cuts
both ways. The Invitation and the Disclaimer are equally express and equally
present in the MDP Notice. And in choosing which to give more weight to, the
court is mindful of the language used in the notice and factual context in
which it is administered. Those, as stated above, point away from Jumadi’s
interpretation.

41 Of course, it may well be that the MDP Notice is a literal inducement. The
legal effect of that, however, is neutralised by Explanation 2(aa) and the
Disclaimer in the MDP Notice. This much was also recognised by Lee Seiu Kin J
in Sibeko (at [13]):

… Indeed, the MDA Notification is an inducement or promise, in that it holds
out a possibility to an accused person that if he, being a mere courier,
provides useful information to the CNB, he would escape the death penalty and
be sentenced instead to life imprisonment with caning. To the extent that the
MDA Notification is an inducement or promise, Explanation 2(aa) to s 258(3) of
the CPC has taken it outside the scope of that subsection so that statements
recorded subsequent to the MDA Notification are not inadmissible on this
ground alone.

42 Granted, the MDP Notice in the present case differs from that administered
in Sibeko. The MDP Notice, unlike the MDA Notification in Sibeko, also
includes the Invitation, which arguably takes it further away from the
carveout in Explanation 2(aa). But it does not take the MDP Notice out of
Explanation 2(aa)’s ambit. It is not enough that the MDP Notice is notionally
an invitation to provide information. All such notices are, in some form or
another, invitations to provide information. It is in their nature, as
mechanisms designed to incentivise cooperation, to invite accused persons to
provide information that could assist the authorities. That is precisely why
Explanation 2(aa) to s 258(3) of the CPC exists at all. Implicit in it, is the
acknowledgment that the law – due to the punishments and attendant reliefs
available – may well solicit cooperation from accused persons. But it cannot
be that every mention of such a law would be unacceptable; every cooperation
secured consequentially, impermissible; and every statement thereby acquired,
involuntary.

43 Indeed, s 33B of the MDA is part of a very specific system of incentives
designed to promote cooperation with the authorities and at the very minimum,
Explanation 2(aa) seeks to maintain that system’s efficacy and objective. As
stated by this court in Abdullah at [60]:

… The Parliamentary debates leading to the enactment of s 33B of the MDA
showed that the purpose of the amendments was to give an accused person the
incentive to “come clean” (PP v Chum Tat Suan [2015] 1 SLR 834 (“Chum Tat
Suan”) at [81]) at the earliest opportunity so that the operational
effectiveness of the CNB may be enhanced and the accused may thereby “earn”
the Certificate.

[emphasis in bold added]

44 This was not only contemplated but also accepted by Parliament. As Minister
K Shanmugam observed in the context of a discussion on s 33B of the MDA, that
provision was an incentive to tell the truth.

Asst Prof Eugene Tan asked whether the mechanism creates a risk of self-
incrimination? There is that risk. But let me throw back the question: what
does that mean? Should we, therefore, not have this exception?

If we believe that the [death penalty] should be abolished, then I can
understand Professor Tan's argument. But if that is not argued, and he is not
arguing that, then you have to weigh between sticking to the current position
– you prove the actus reus and the mens rea, trafficking in 15 grams or more,
and the person faces capital punishment unless he provides substantial
assistance. Should you not give him that option?

I think Asst Prof Tan also makes the point: would CNB officers pressure the
accused to self-incriminate? That raises questions outside of issues that we
are discussing today, as to whether we should or should not have such an
exception.

So, really the question is: if the accused knows something, and has to decide
between trying to run a false defence that he knows nothing, and telling the
truth and assisting the CNB – I do not think Members will argue against giving
him an incentive to tell the truth, to help us, and to help himself.

[emphasis in bold added]

45 Finally, on a more conceptual level, we fail to see how the MDP Notice by
itself could be construed as a threat, inducement or promise. This is the
logical consequence of the conditions stipulated in ss 33B(1)(a) and 33B(2) of
the MDA:

Discretion of court not to impose sentence of death in certain circumstances

33B.–(1) Where a person commits or attempts to commit an offence under section
5(1) or 7, being an offence punishable with death under the sixth column of
the Second Schedule, and he is convicted thereof, the court –

(a) may, if the person satisfies the requirements of subsection (2), instead
of imposing the death penalty, sentence the person to imprisonment for life
and, if the person is sentenced to life imprisonment, he shall also be
sentenced to caning of not less than 15 strokes; …

…

(2) The requirements referred to in subsection (1)(a) are as follows:

(a) the person convicted proves, on a balance of probabilities, that his
involvement in the offence under section 5(1) or 7 was restricted –

(i) to transporting, sending or delivering a controlled drug;

(ii) to offering to transport, send or deliver a controlled drug;

(iii) to doing or offering to do any act preparatory to or for the purpose of
his transporting, sending or delivering a controlled drug; or

(iv) to any combination of activities in sub-paragraphs (i), (ii) and (iii);
and

(b) the Public Prosecutor certifies to any court that, in his determination,
the person has substantively assisted the Central Narcotics Bureau in
disrupting drug trafficking activities within or outside Singapore

46 Essentially, there are two conditions to fulfil. The first is that the
accused person must be a courier. This is retrospective in that it concerns
events that have happened in the past and more specifically, events that only
the accused can truly speak to; knowledge of the extent of his/her past
involvement in the trafficking operation lies exclusively within the accused
person’s mind. The second is that the accused must offer substantive
assistance to the CNB. This is prospective in that it concerns something in
the future (ie, the assistance that an accused person can potentially render).
But this too – the information that can be offered by the accused person – is
something that resides exclusively within the accused person’s mind. In other
words, every condition necessary for eligibility under s 33B MDA’s alternative
sentencing regime, is beyond the control of the CNB or any of its officers.
They have no say over whether the accused person is a courier (such being a
fact already established and in the past) and no control over what sort of
information the accused person can offer (such being something only the
accused person would know). If so, the MDP Notice by itself cannot represent a
threat, promise or inducement from the relevant authorities. If anything, the
accused person is the only one in a position to assess whether he/she may take
advantage of what the law offers as a potential way to escape the gallows at
the time when the MDP Notice is administered.

47 Bringing all this together – the language of the MDP Notice, the context in
which it is administered, the nature of s 33B of the MDA as a cooperation
mechanism, the nature of the MDP Notice itself and the explicit parliamentary
debates confirming all the above – fortifies our view that the MDP Notice is
objectively not a threat, inducement or promise.

Issue 2: Jumadi’s defences

48 Preliminarily, we note that Jumadi’s counsel rightly acknowledged at the
appeal hearing that his case depended heavily on proving that Jumadi’s
statements had been made involuntarily. Having affirmed the Judge’s holding
that the Statements had been made voluntarily, our findings above would
sufficiently dispose of Jumadi’s appeal. However, for the sake of
completeness, we address Jumadi’s defences as well. In short, we find his
defences meritless and affirm the Judge’s rejection of the same.

The Mistake Defence

49 As stated earlier, Jumadi’s Mistake Defence was that some of the drugs
found in the Unit were received by mistake. He was keeping them with a view to
returning them to his supplier, Vishu. He makes two main arguments on appeal:

(a) First, he contended that Shisham’s failure to take the stand should be
construed in his favour. He relied on s 291 of the CPC and claims that it
should be construed broadly to allow inferences to be drawn “regarding the
circumstances of an offence allegedly committed by common intention among the
co-accused persons jointly tried, and not restricted only to the determination
of the guilt of the accused who elected to remain silent” (“the s 291(3) CPC
Argument”).

(b) Second, he argued that he was the only one who could have spoken to what
his calls with Shisham meant. There were various calls with Vishu through
Shisham’s mobile phone on 21 June 2017 and 22 June 2017. Since the only other
person who could have testified as to the contents of those calls (Shisham)
chose not to take the stand, Jumadi argued that his testimony should be
accepted instead (“the Sole Testimony Argument”).

50 We reject the s 291(3) CPC Argument. Section 291(3) of the CPC reads as
follows:

If an accused –

(a) after being called by the court to give evidence or after he or the
advocate representing him has informed the court that he will give evidence,
refuses to be sworn or affirmed; or

(b) having been sworn or affirmed, without good cause refuses to answer any
question,

the court, in deciding whether the accused is guilty of the offence, may draw
such inferences from the refusal as appear proper.

51 The plain language of s 291(3) of the CPC simply does not support this
argument. This provision can only be used to draw inferences about the accused
person who has elected to remain silent. Jumadi’s argument therefore misses
the point. The issue was never about whether s 291(3) of the CPC could have
been used to invite inferences about things other than guilt. Instead, the
essential point was always that the section cannot be used to invite
inferences to be drawn against another person. Even if it could be used in the
manner that Jumadi contended (ie, not just to draw inferences about someone
other than the silent accused person, but also to draw inferences about
circumstantial matters other than the guilt of the silent accused person), it
is not clear what inferences Jumadi was suggesting that this court should
draw, and why they should be drawn at all.

52 The Sole Testimony Argument holds no water either. The court is always
entitled to reject a witness’ testimony, provided that there are good reasons
for the same. Here, Jumadi’s testimony was internally inconsistent and
ultimately unreliable (see [31] above and the First Judgment at [147]–[196]).
Moreover, it was against the weight of the evidence. Jumadi’s (somewhat
simplistic) argument overlooks the fact that the Judge had rejected Jumadi’s
version of events based on many other factors: the Notebook found at the unit
charting the amount of drugs Jumadi typically purchased, the objective text
messages between him and Shisham, and Salzawiyah’s testimony and
contemporaneous phone records. The Judge’s conclusion, in other words, was
amply supported by other (more reliable) evidence. The fact that Shisham
elected not to testify does not, by itself, mean that the court should accept
Jumadi’s evidence and in that process ignore all the other objective evidence
against Jumadi.

The Ownership Defence

53 The Ownership Defence pertained to the Bedroom Bundles. Jumadi’s argument
was that these were not his. They were Salzawiyah’s, and intended for her
customers. Central to this defence was his assertion that the two were running
separate drug trafficking operations. Though they had worked together before,
their business partnership had deteriorated as their romantic relationship
soured. He made four points in support:

(a) Certain pages of the Notebook only contained his handwriting and none of
Salzawiyah’s. This supposedly showed Jumadi running his own drug business;
separately from Salzawiyah’s;

(b) The Judge had misunderstood his defence at trial below, and had
erroneously held that “[what] is important is to sell the drug rather than to
know the identity of the customers”: First Judgment at [214]. The identities
of the customers were important because they went towards demonstrating whose
customers they were and in turn, whether Salzawiyah was running a drug
business separate from Jumadi’s, with its own supply of drugs;

(c) The lack of Jumadi’s DNA evidence on any of the exhibits found in the
Bedroom, save for Exhibits D1A and D5A; and

(d) Salzawiyah’s cautioned statement stated that Jumadi had told her there
were “six batus in the house”. This was consistent with the First
Contemporaneous Statement where Jumadi stated that he only knew of six batu in
the house, and supposedly confirmed that he “truly did not know anything about
any drugs in the bedroom”.

We found none of these points persuasive.

54 First, regarding the Notebook, Jumadi’s argument selectively relied on a
single page in the Notebook which was written in his handwriting. Given that
Salzawiyah had usually kept accounting records when they were working
together, Jumadi’s argument was that those records demonstrated him striking
it out on his own – their businesses had separated. But one needs only look
further in the Notebook to see that subsequent entries showed Salzawiyah’s
handwriting again. In fact, there was a mix of Salzawiyah’s and Jumadi’s
handwriting. These directly contradict Jumadi’s account.

55 Second, the Judge had understood Jumadi’s defence perfectly well at trial
below. Again, Jumadi has been mischievously selective. The part of the First
Judgment he takes issue with is nestled in a larger analysis squarely
addressing Jumadi’s Ownership Defence. There, the Judge relied on Salzawiyah’s
text messages which suggested that the deals she was making were an extension
of Jumadi’s drug trafficking operations. Our review of the messages led us to
a similar conclusion. The messages in Salzawiyah’s phone suggested that she
was peddling drugs to her own customers as well as to customers that she
shared with Jumadi. Salzawiyah and Jumadi may well have had their own
customers, and they may well have not known of each other’s customers but that
ultimately did not take away from the fact that they worked together to serve
these customers.

56 Third, regarding the DNA evidence, we would only point out that this had
already been explored at trial. Dr Pook Sim Hwee (“Dr Pook”), an analyst at
HSA’s DNA profiling laboratory, offered explanations for why most of the
exhibits found in the bedroom of the Unit did not have Jumadi’s DNA: First
Judgment at [215]. The lack of DNA could have been because the amount of DNA
deposited might have been insufficient for it to be detected, or the DNA could
have been degraded. The Judge accepted Dr Pook’s evidence and this reasoning
was, in our view, unobjectionable and perfectly in line with our observations
in Gopu Jaya Raman v Public Prosecutor [2018] 1 SLR 499 at [82], which, in
essence, is that the absence of the accused person’s DNA on an object is not,
in itself, evidence that the accused person did not come into contact with, or
handle, that object. In any case, Jumadi clearly stated in his Second
Contemporaneous Statement that the drugs found in the bedroom belonged to him,
going so far as to explain where they originated from (“old stuffs which have
been packed”).

57 Finally, the fact that Jumadi informed Salzawiyah about the six batu
purchased could equally go towards showing that they were working jointly for
their trafficking operations.

58 For these reasons, we reject the Ownership Defence as well.

The 4pm Call

59 We should also highlight some of the issues which arose around the 4pm
Call. We emphasise that nothing turned on these contentions for this appeal,
but we consider it necessary to record some of our observations about the
proceedings below.

60 The disputes arose in the context of Jumadi’s Mistake Defence (see above at
[20]). The Prosecution claimed that Jumadi and Shisham had called Vishu
together, and placed an order for five batu on 21 June 2017 at 4pm. Jumadi
claimed that call had never connected. Instead, Jumadi claimed that the orders
were only placed during later calls with Vishu. Jumadi claimed that during
those later calls, he only ordered 2 batu of diamorphine.

61 The evidence, as it was initially adduced at trial, did not conclusively
show that the 4pm Call had connected. In a tabulation of Shisham’s phone call
records collated by IO Yip and produced by the Prosecution, the box indicating
the “Duration” of the 4pm call was left blank. There were also no screenshots
of the call from the phone showing that the call had connected. Jumadi claimed
both at trial below and on appeal that this formed a gap in the Prosecution’s
case.

62 As we stated above at [21(a)], the Judge’s response was to authorise the
Prosecution to break open the sealed envelope containing Shisham’s mobile
phone in the presence of the accused persons’ respective counsel: First
Judgment at [182]. It was found that the 4pm call had connected and had lasted
one minute and 36 seconds. This confirmed the Prosecution’s account. The Judge
justified his decision in three parts (see First Judgment at [180]–[181]):

(a) The phone had already been produced in evidence, suggesting that the
contents of the phone were open for inspection as well;

(b) there was no need for additional processing by a technician or expert in
order to access the information on the phone; and

(c) there was no prejudice thereby occasioned to Jumadi.

63 On appeal, Jumadi challenged the Judge’s decision to authorise access to
the phone. He claimed that this was impermissible and that the contents of
these call records (including whether the call had connected at all) should
have been proven by an application under s 283(1) of the CPC. Under that
provision, the court could summon witnesses of its own motion, presumably
those who could explain the gaps in the call records.

64 In our view, Jumadi’s arguments missed the point. The real question is
whether the 4pm Call was material at all. Put another way, would the failure
to prove that the 4PM Call had connected amount to a gap in the Prosecution’s
case? In our view, it does not.

65 The 4pm Call was not necessary to prove the elements of the charge. Jumadi
was charged with an offence of trafficking in a controlled drug under s
5(1)(a) of the MDA. The first two elements – that he was in possession of the
drugs and that he knew of the nature of the drugs – are not contested.
Jumadi’s arguments about the 4pm Call go only towards challenging the third
element ie, whether he had the additional drugs for the purposes of
trafficking or for the purpose of returning them to Vishu. But this element
could have been (and was indeed proven) by reference to other objective
factors:

(a) Jumadi’s pattern of purchases (as recorded in the Notebook) showed that he
was ramping up operations;

(b) Jumadi admitted that he had gone to the Collection Point with far more
money than was necessary to buy two batu of diamorphine;

(c) During the arrest, the drugs were found haphazardly arranged – the
supposed mistaken deliveries were not kept separately as one might expect if
Jumadi’s defence was true;

(d) Beyond this, there were also Jumadi’s statements (wherein he admitted to
purchasing five batu) and Salzawiyah’s statements (wherein she recounted
hearing Jumadi and Shisham discussing a large purchase in view of the upcoming
Hari Raya celebrations).

66 Even if the 4pm Call had not connected, it did not follow that he only
intended to purchase two rather than five batu. In fact, whether the 4pm Call
had connected or not, the Prosecution would still have satisfied its burden of
proof on its alternative case. The Prosecution’s primary case sought to prove
that Jumadi possessed the drugs for the purpose of trafficking. Its
alternative case sought to satisfy that element of the charge through reliance
on the presumption in s 17(c) of the MDA:

Presumption concerning trafficking

17\. Any person who is proved to have had in his possession more than —

…

(c) 2 grammes of diamorphine

…

whether or not contained in any substance, extract, preparation or mixture,
shall be presumed to have had that drug in possession for the purpose of
trafficking unless it is proved that his possession of that drug was not for
that purpose.

67 The undeniable fact remains that he was caught in possession of 41.86g of
diamorphine. The 4pm Call does not and cannot change this objective fact. This
disposes of the issues surrounding the 4pm Call.

68 We would only make two passing observations about the Judge’s approach in
the proceedings below. First, it was admittedly a very practical solution. The
Judge effectively treated the phone as one would any piece of real evidence.
Here, we mean “real evidence” in the sense that if faced with questions about
“the existence or condition of any material thing other than a document, the
court may, if it thinks fit, require the production of such material thing for
its inspection”: Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore vol 10 (LexisNexis, 2021) at
para 120.254. The call records in the phone were in doubt. The phone was in
evidence. And so, the phone was examined to resolve the questions about those
call records. This approach is practical but ultimately treats the phone and
its contents as one and the same; the admission of one into evidence,
necessitates the admission of the other.

69 This brings us to our second observation. There may, at least on a
conceptual level, be a difference between the phone and its contents. One is
physical and tangible, while the other is digital and intangible. One is also
a mere object, representing to the world nothing more than the physical
properties which are perceptible by the five senses. The other may involve
records, logs or other data that can speak to other events that have occurred.
For that reason, there might be some possible competing considerations when
determining whether approaches like the one taken in proceedings below are
ultimately permissible:

(a) the possibility of contamination of evidence when digital receptacles such
as phones are turned on. This is especially so since the Prosecution’s
traditional practice has been to examine digital evidence in faraday cages and
ultimately to produce separate, digital forensic reports produced by experts

(b) the point in time at which these exhibits are reopened and any attendant
prejudice possibly experienced by the accused.

70 We stress that these are merely passing observations and that this is not a
point which this court is minded to consider at this appeal. We reserve our
full views for another occasion when the court has had the benefit of full
arguments on this precise issue.

Issue 3: Shisham’s Defence

71 At the appeal hearing, Shisham’s counsel rightly acknowledged that much of
Shisham’s conviction depended on this court’s view of the voluntariness of
Jumadi’s statements (particularly so because Shisham had not taken the stand
in the proceedings below). With the court’s finding that Jumadi’s statements
had been made voluntarily, Shisham’s case on appeal was effectively bereft of
substance. That said, for completeness we address his arguments on appeal as
well. We reject them and affirm his conviction.

72 Shisham’s dissatisfaction largely stems from the Judge’s reliance on
Jumadi’s statements. Shisham claims that due to Jumadi’s (a) admissions that
the statements were fabricated, (b) challenges to their voluntariness and (c)
inconsistent testimony as to Shisham’s role in the trafficking operation,
these statements should be treated with caution pursuant to s 116 of the EA.

73 But as the Judge rightly pointed out, Jumadi’s statements were broadly
consistent in describing Shisham’s role in the trafficking operation. The
Judge comprehensively listed every instance of Jumadi’s statements inculpating
Jumadi at [226] of the First Judgment. These statements, at least in
describing Shisham’s involvement in the trafficking operation, all sang the
same tune: Shisham’s involvement was extensive and consistent. He “gave the
contact to order the stuff from Malaysia”, liaised with the supplier over the
phone, and was in every sense, Jumadi’s business partner (“we pool our
customers together, shared money to buy our heroin supply and split our
profits equally”). Specifically regarding the drugs found during the raid,
Jumadi’s statements also confirmed that (a) Shisham helped him order two batu
on 16 June 2017, these batu being the ones from which the Bedroom Bundles
originated; and that (b) Shisham had accompanied him to purchase the drugs on
21 June 2017.

74 The one wrinkle – an inconsistency in Jumadi’s Eighth Long Statement – was
explained away by Jumadi satisfactorily, and accepted by the Judge as well. In
his Eighth Long Statement, Jumadi had stated the following:

‘Sham’ is not involved in my drug trafficking activities, he is just a drug
addict. It just happens that he is with me when the CNB officers came to visit
me.

But as the Judge found, the context of the Eighth Long Statement was entirely
different from the rest of the statements. That was a statement concerning the
financial investigations related to the operation. When recording that
statement, Jumadi was concerned that Shisham would not be able to keep the
money seized from him during the arrest, fearing that it would be confiscated
if found to be “drug money”. Jumadi lied to keep that money out of the hands
of the authorities. This was the explanation given by Jumadi (and ultimately
accepted by the Judge) at trial. We see no reason to take a different view.

75 Moreover, there was ample evidence that supported Shisham’s conviction,
even without reference to Jumadi’s statements. For one, the objective evidence
confirmed Shisham’s involvement in the drug operation. Shisham’s text messages
and the Notebook, respectively showed Shisham’s involvement in drug
transactions and/or drug suppliers, and the fact that he shared in the profits
of the operation with Jumadi. Beyond that, Salzawiyah, the only witness whose
credibility was not seriously questioned in the trial below and a co-accused
who stood little to gain from implicating Shisham, confirmed all the above in
both her statements and in court. Specifically, her testimony detailed
Shisham’s involvement in getting “a good price” for the drugs, liaising with
the supplier, collecting the drugs, packing the drugs and finally, selling
them. The Judge noted as much at [238]–[253] of the First Judgment. We fully
agree with his assessment of the evidence.

76 Most importantly, Shisham’s defence was inherently incredible. His defence,
it will be remembered, was that he was a mere addict who lived with the other
two co-accused persons at the Unit. He was simply the happy recipient of free
lodging and drugs from Jumadi. This defied belief, particularly considering
that he had, by his own account, only known Jumadi for three weeks. Moreover,
the Unit was not even Jumadi’s to offer – it belonged to Salzawiyah’s late
father. Shisham himself offered no credible explanation for why Jumadi would
have been so magnanimous:

I don’t know why Jumadi will give me heroin and ‘ice’ for free or let me smoke
drugs for free. Even though we only knew each other for about 3 weeks, Jumadi
allowed me to stay at his apartment for free and let me smoke drugs for free.
I can’t explain why Jumadi is so good to me.

77 For these reasons, we dismiss Shisham’s appeal as well.

Issue 4: Salzawiyah’s sentence

78 Finally, as for Salzawiyah’s sentence, we could not see any merit in the
factors that Salzawiyah discussed in her submissions:

(a) While we agree that the length of time Salzawiyah had spent crime-free
after her last incarceration is a factor for consideration, her criminal
behaviour had not only resurfaced but worsened since her last conviction. She
had progressed from mere possession and consumption, to trafficking in drugs.

(b) Salzawiyah’s assertion that she had only trafficked in small quantities,
had not been involved in safekeeping such large amounts of drug money as
suggested at trial, had no actual knowledge of some of the drugs that were
found in the house, and had not given Jumadi the $10,000 he had used to
purchase the drugs all pertained to factual findings forming the basis for her
criminal liability. Having accepted her conviction, it was not for Salzawiyah
to attempt to reopen factual findings in her submissions on sentence.

(f) The fact that she had a fifteen-month old child and the fact that she
would not be able to secure any sustainable employment upon release from
prison after such a long imprisonment term were ultimately examples of
hardship that will be experienced by any accused person convicted of drug
trafficking. Absent exceptional hardship, these are not ordinarily mitigating
factors.

79 For these reasons, we affirm the Judge’s decision and dismiss Salzawiyah’s
appeal against sentence as well.

Conclusion

80 We fully affirm the Judge’s decisions in both the First and Second
Judgments and his finding that the amended charges against the accused persons
were proven beyond a reasonable doubt. Their sentences (the death penalty for
Jumadi and Shisham, and 29 years’ imprisonment for Salzawiyah) are accordingly
affirmed.

Andrew Phang Boon Leong  
Justice of the Court of Appeal| Judith Prakash  
Justice of the Court of Appeal  
---|---  
Steven Chong  
Justice of the Court of Appeal |   
  
Cheong Jun Ming Mervyn (Advocatus Law LLP) and Subir Singh Grewal (Aequitas
Law LLP) for the appellant in CA/CCA 1/2021;  
Kishan Pratap (Kishan Law Chambers LLC) and Nirmal Singh s/o Fauja Singh
(CrossBorders LLC) for the appellant in CA/CCA 2/2021;  
The appellant in CA/CCA 3/2021 in person;  
Terence Chua and Samuel Yap (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the respondent
in CA/CCA 1/2021, CA/CCA 2/2021 and CA/CCA 3/2021.

  

SUPREME COURT OF SINGAPORE

30 November 2021

Case summary

Jumadi bin Abdullah v Public Prosecutor and another appeal and another [2021]
SGCA 113

Criminal Appeals No. 1, 2 and 3 of 2021

\--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Decision of the Court of Appeal (delivered by Justice Steven Chong)

Outcome: CoA dismisses criminal appeal and affirms convictions of three drug
traffickers.

Pertinent and significant points of the judgment

• Section 33B of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed) (“MDA”) is a
mechanism which necessarily incentivises cooperation with the authorities. Its
legal effect is brought to an accused person’s attention by a notice (“the MDP
Notice”) and the MDP Notice is objectively not a threat, inducement or promise
for the purposes of s 258(3) of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev
Ed) (“CPC”).

• There may be a conceptual difference between the phone and its contents; the
admission of one into evidence may not necessitate the admission of the other.

1 These were appeals brought against the convictions and sentences of the
first and second appellants (“Jumadi” and “Shisham” respectively), and the
sentence of the third appellant (“Salzawiyah”).

Background to the appeal

2 Jumadi and Shisham were charged with trafficking, in furtherance of the
common intention of the appellants, 127 packets containing not less than
41.86g of diamorphine, an offence under s 5(1)(a) read with s 5(2) of the MDA
and read with s 34 of the Penal Code. The judge below (“the Judge”) convicted
them and imposed the mandatory death penalty.

3 Salzawiyah faced a non-capital charge of trafficking, in furtherance of the
common intention of the accused persons, 127 packets containing not less than
14.99g of diamorphine, an offence under s 5(1)(a) read with s 5(2) of the MDA
and read with s 34 of the Penal Code. She was convicted of the charge and
sentenced to 29 years’ imprisonment.

Facts/ The material facts

4 On the morning of 22 June 2017, Jumadi and Shisham brought about $11,000 to
Changi South Lane to purchase the Drugs before returning to the one bedroom
unit which Jumadi shared with Salzawiyah (“the Unit”). At 2.13pm of the same
day, officers from the Central Narcotics Bureau (“CNB”) raided the Unit,
finding the Drugs variously located in the Unit’s living room and bedroom.

Decision on appeal

5 Jumadi challenged the voluntariness of his statements on two grounds:

a. The first, was that a CNB officer had made a promise to him that if he
cooperated with CNB, and admitted to owning the drugs, he would not be
sentenced to death (“the Promise”). The Court of Appeal dismissed his
argument. There was no evidence of any conversation (where the Promise could
have been conveyed) prior to the recording of Jumadi’s first statement. The
contemporaneous evidence contradicted Jumadi’s assertions and he did not call
as witnesses any of the people who were present at the time the Promise was
allegedly conveyed. Jumadi’s testimony was also internally contradictory and
inherently incredible.

b. The second, was that the MDP Notice in the present case “invited” Jumadi to
provide information to the CNB for the purpose of disrupting drug trafficking
activities. This supposedly changed the character of the MDP Notice, bringing
it outside the exception created in Explanation 2(aa) of s 258(3) of the CPC.
That explanation states only that where an accused is “informed” of the
conditions in s 33B of the MDA, it will not render any statement inadmissible.
The Court of Appeal did not accept Jumadi’s argument. The MDP Notice is itself
an explanatory document intended to give an accused person fair notice of the
laws at play upon his arrest. All MDP Notices are, in some way, an invitation
to provide information. Naturally, informing an accused person of the
conditions under s 33B would incentivise them to cooperate but that is why
Explanation 2(aa) of s 258(3) of the CPC exists in the first place.

6 Jumadi also raised two defences:

a. The “Mistake Defence” was that he had received some of the drugs found in
the Unit by mistake. He was arranging for an opportunity to return them to his
supplier. He argued that his testimony ought to be given greater weight as his
co-accused, Shisham, had chosen not to take the stand. The Court of Appeal
rejected the argument, stating that it was entitled to reject Jumadi’s
testimony as it was internally inconsistent and ultimately against the weight
of the objective evidence.

b. The “Ownership Defence” was that some of the drugs found in the bedroom of
the Unit were not his. The Court of Appeal rejected this argument as well,
observing that he had been selective in his reliance on the evidence and that
the Judge had fully understood the Ownership Defence in the proceedings below.
The Court of Appeal affirmed the Judge’s findings and the rejection of the
Ownership Defence.

7 There was a dispute in the proceedings below about a call allegedly made at
4pm on 21 June 2017 (“the 4pm Call”). This arose in the context of Jumadi’s
Mistake Defence. The Prosecution claimed that Jumadi and Shisham had called
their supplier (Vishu) together, and placed an order for five batu on 21 June
2017 at 4pm. Jumadi claimed that call had never connected. Instead, Jumadi
claimed that the orders were only placed during later calls with Vishu. Jumadi
claimed that during those later calls, he only ordered 2 batu of diamorphine.

8 To determine whether the 4pm Call had connected, the trial judge authorised
the Prosecution to break the sealed envelope containing Shisham’s mobile phone
in the presence of the co-accused and their respective counsel. On appeal,
Jumadi challenged this decision claiming it was impermissible, and that the
contents of the call records should have been proven by a witness summoned
under s 281(3) of the CPC.

9 The Court of Appeal held that the 4pm Call was not material and did not
amount to a gap in the Prosecution’s case. The elements of the charge of
trafficking could have been and were in fact, proven on other grounds.
Importantly, the undeniable fact is that Jumadi was caught in possession of
41.86 grams of diamorphine – the 4pm Call and whether it connected, could not
change this fact.

10 That said, the Court of Appeal observed that the Judge’s approach, though
practical, ultimately treated the phone and its contents as one and the same:
the admission of one into evidence, necessitated the admission of the other.
However, on a conceptual level, there may be some difference between the phone
and its contents. Accordingly, there may be issues with such a practical
approach, such as the possibility of contamination of evidence when digital
receptacles such as phones are switched on. As it is not necessary for us to
decide on this point for the appeal, these are merely our passing observations
and we reserve our views when the court has the benefit of full submissions on
this precise issue.

11 As for Shisham, he claimed to have been a mere addict, who stayed with
Jumadi and Salzawiyah (for free) at the Unit. On appeal, he claimed the Judge
ought to have regarded Jumadi’s statements with caution since Jumadi had
admitted to fabricating parts of it and had gone as far as to challenge their
voluntariness. His conviction, which relied on Jumadi’s statements, ought
accordingly to be set aside. The Court of Appeal found that the Judge had
rightly rejected Shisham’s defence. Jumadi’s testimony, though inconsistent at
points, was broadly consistent in describing Shisham’s role in the trafficking
operations. Moreover, there was ample objective evidence that supported
Shisham’s conviction, even without reference to Jumadi’s statements. Finally,
Shisham’s defence was inherently incredible, and he offered no explanation
that convinced the Court of Appeal otherwise of his defence’s credibility.

12 Salzawiyah’s appeal against sentence was rejected by the Court of Appeal as
well. Her criminal behaviour had worsened after her last period of
incarceration. The facts which she tried to rely on in mitigation were not
accepted at trial, and having accepted her conviction, she could not challenge
them on appeal. Finally, the fact that she had a young child and would not be
able to secure employment after prison were examples of hardship that are part
and parcel of conviction – absent any exceptional circumstances, they could
not be mitigating.

This summary is provided to assist in the understanding of the Court’s grounds
of decision. It is not intended to be a substitute for the reasons of the
Court. All numbers in bold font and square brackets refer to the corresponding
paragraph numbers in the Court’s grounds of decision.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 30 Nov 2021 (15:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

