Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC 108

Suit No 808 of 2020

Between

| Poongothai Kuppusamy  
---|---  
|  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Huationg Contractor Pte Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| Guru Murti a/l Maheshrou  
  
… Defendants

And

| Motor Insurers’ Bureau of Singapore  
---|---  
|  
  
… Intervener

JUDGMENT

[Tort] — [Negligence] — [Liability]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Poongothai Kuppusamy

  
v

  

Huationg Contractor Pte Ltd and another

  

(Motor Insurers’ Bureau of Singapore, intervener)

[2021] SGHC 108

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 808 of 2020  
Kwek Mean Luck JC  
8–9 April 2021

3 May 2021 Judgment Reserved.

Kwek Mean Luck JC:

Introduction

1 The main issue in this case is the tortious liability of the first
defendant, Huationg Contractor Pte Ltd(“1st defendant”), and the second
defendant, Guru Murti a/l Maheshrou (“2nd defendant”), for a road traffic
accident where the plaintiff, Poongothai Kuppusamy (“the plaintiff”) suffered
injury. After going through the evidence and submissions, I find the 1st
defendant 100% liable to the plaintiff. I set out my reasons below.

2 The plaintiff was a pillion rider on motorcycle JQG 7071 (“the Motorcycle”)
ridden by the 2nd defendant. On 23 September 2017 at about 7.30am, the
Motorcycle was involved in a road traffic accident (“the Accident”) with motor
lorry XE 1886T (“the Lorry”) driven by Amirthalingam Kanmani (“the Lorry
Driver”), the authorised driver of the 1st defendant. The plaintiff was
injured and brought a claim against the 1st defendant and the 2nd defendant.
The matter was fixed for trial to determine liability with damages to be
assessed separately.

3 The following facts are undisputed:

(a) The Accident occurred at the cross junction of Tuas Crescent and Tuas Bay
Drive (“the Cross Junction”).

(b) The Cross Junction is not controlled by traffic lights.

(c) Tuas Crescent is a major road and Tuas Bay Drive is a minor road.

(d) The Lorry Driver was travelling along the minor road (Tuas Bay Drive),
moving across the major road to enter Tuas Avenue 20, while the Motorcycle was
travelling along the major road (Tuas Crescent) starting from Tuas Viaduct. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Poongothai Kuppusamy’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 12 March 2021 at
[3]–[4]; Amirthalingam Kanmani’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 14
January 2021 at [2]; Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions dated 12 April 2021 at
[4].

(e) There is a stop sign at the minor road where the Lorry was. The Motorcycle
thus had the right of way.

(f) Visibility was good, the weather was clear, and the road surface was dry.
2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Amirthalingam Kanmani’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 14 January 2021
at [3].

(g) The traffic along the Cross Junction was light. The 2nd defendant and the
Lorry Driver testified that there were no other vehicles in the immediate
vicinity at the time of the Accident. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Amirthalingam Kanmani’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 14 January 2021
at [4];

(h) The distance from the Tuas Viaduct, where the 2nd defendant and the
plaintiff were travelling from, to the Cross Junction, is 200m. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions dated 12 April 2021 at [4].

4 Both the 1st defendant and 2nd defendant did not plead contributory
negligence against the plaintiff. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

1st Defendant’s Opening Statement dated 6 April 2021 at [7].

5 Given that the 2nd defendant’s Motorcycle had the right of way, it was
accepted by parties that the primary liability lay with the 1st defendant, who
is vicariously liable for the Lorry Driver’s negligence, as the Lorry Driver
was the employee of the 1st defendant at the material time. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

1st Defendant’s Closing Submissions at [25].

6 Hence, the main issue at the trial was the respective liability of the 1st
defendant and the 2nd defendant, and the extent of such liability.

The parties’ cases

Summary of the plaintiff’s case

7 The plaintiff stated that she was unable to give evidence on how the
Accident occurred as she was not paying attention. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Poongothai Kuppusamy’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 12 March 2021 at
[4].

Parties agreed to dispense with the plaintiff’s attendance at the trial on
liability for this matter. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

1st Defendant’s Opening Statement dated 6 April 2021 at [4]; 2nd Defendant’s
Defence dated 16 December 2020.

8 The plaintiff’s case against the Lorry Driver is that he failed to keep a
proper lookout and give way to the Motorcycle who had the right of way. Given
the clear weather conditions, visibility and lack of traffic, the presence of
the Motorcycle at the material time should have been spotted if the Lorry
Driver did keep a proper lookout. The plaintiff submitted that the Lorry
Driver’s testimony, that he did not see the Motorcycle approaching at all,
means either that: (a) the Lorry Driver did not look to his left at all, or
(b) he did not keep a proper lookout. In either case, he would be negligent
for failing to keep a proper lookout. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions dated 12 April 2021 at [11].

9 The plaintiff submitted that on the evidence, it was reasonable for the 2nd
defendant to anticipate that the Lorry Driver had seen the Motorcycle and
would give way to him, and for the 2nd defendant to proceed into the Cross
Junction. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions dated 12 April 2021 at [18].

The 2nd defendant also took evasive action by pressing on the brake in the
agony of the moment, as he had little time to react to the Lorry driving into
the Cross Junction. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions dated 12 April 2021 at [24].

The 1st defendant did not provide evidence that the 2nd defendant failed to
take the appropriate evasive action. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions dated 12 April 2021 at [25].

Summary of the 1st defendant’s case

10 The 1st defendant’s case is that the 2nd defendant should be held jointly
liable for the Accident. This is because the 2nd defendant was contributorily
negligent in failing to keep a proper lookout and riding at an excessive
speed. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

1st Defendant’s Closing Submissions dated 23 April 2021 at [5], [19].

11 The 1st defendant relied on Part III(A)(ii)(6) of Carolyn Woo et al, Motor
Accident Guide: A guide on the assessment of liability in motor accident cases
(Mighty Minds Publishing, 1st Ed, 2014) (“MAG”) for the starting point that
the 1st defendant bears 80% of the liability, and the 2nd defendant bears 20%
of the liability. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

1st Defendant’s Closing Submissions dated 23 April 2021 at [7].

Part III(A)(ii)(6) of the MAG indicates that at an uncontrolled cross-junction
involving a vehicle travelling on a minor road and a vehicle travelling on a
major road, the vehicle travelling on the minor road bears 80% of the
liability, while the vehicle travelling on the major road bears the remaining
20%, as a starting point. While the driver on the major road has the right of
way, he should keep a lookout for vehicles entering the major road from an
adjoining minor road. The driver on the major road should also take evasive
action to avoid a collision. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

1st Defendant’s Closing Submissions dated 23 April 2021 at [8].

12 The 1st defendant also cited Ng Swee Eng (administrator of the estate of
Tan Chee Wee, deceased) v Ang Oh Chuan [2002] 2 SLR(R) 321 (“Ng Swee Eng”),
where the High Court held that the defendant travelling on the minor road had
failed to give way to the plaintiff travelling on the main road, and thus
apportioned liability at 80-20 in respect of the defendant and plaintiff
respectively. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

1st Defendant’s Closing Submissions dated 23 April 2021 at [10].

13 The 1st defendant’s case is that the Lorry Driver came to a complete stop
and proceeded to check his side, front and rear views before he moved off from
the Tuas Bay Drive junction: 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

1st Defendant’s Closing Submissions dated 23 April 2021 at [12(a)]

(a) The Lorry Driver stated in his affidavit of evidence-in-chief that he had
checked both the left and right lanes through both wing mirrors to ensure that
traffic was clear and saw that there were no oncoming vehicles at that time.
18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Amirthalingam Kanmani’s Affidavit of Evidence-Chief dated 14 January 2021 at
[4].

(b) During cross-examination, the Lorry Driver clarified that besides checking
the wing mirrors, he also looked through the windows of the Lorry to check
that there were no incoming vehicles from both lanes on Tuas Crescent. He
testified that he could see as far as the green sign on Tuas Crescent in
Figure B of 2AB and that he did not see any vehicles.

(c) After ascertaining that it was safe, the Lorry Driver proceeded to drive
towards Tuas Avenue 20.

(d) He testified that he looked left and right again as he was driving into
the Cross Junction and he did not see any vehicles.

14 The Lorry Driver gave evidence that he travelled at a very slow speed of
7km/h into the junction:

(a) Under cross-examination, he stated that this speed was what his company
had told him based on GPS.

(b) He was unable to produce this GPS evidence. He said it could only be seen
for a specific period of time. The information about the speed he was
travelling at was also not mentioned in both the police report and his
affidavit.

15 When the Lorry Driver was in the Cross Junction, he heard a noise and
thought that his tyre had exploded. He claimed that he stopped the Lorry the
moment he heard the noise. As such, he claimed that the photos indicating the
position of the Lorry are reflective of where the impact took place. He then
went down to check. He saw the plaintiff’s left leg under the rear wheels on
the left side of the Lorry and the 2nd defendant lying flat on the ground.
According to the Lorry Driver, at the time of the collision, the Lorry’s cabin
was already in Tuas Avenue 20, and the back of the Lorry had passed the yellow
box at the junction. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

1st Defendant’s Closing Submissions at [12(b)].

The 1st defendant thus submits that this means that the Lorry had crossed or
substantially crossed the junction when the collision occurred.

16 The 1st defendant submitted that the 2nd defendant was an inconsistent and
unreliable witness. The 2nd defendant stated in his affidavit that he tried to
brake but was not able to stop in time. At trial, the 2nd defendant conceded
that he panicked when he first saw the Lorry in the cross junction, and only
applied his brakes. This, according to the 1st defendant, suggested that the
2nd defendant only tried to brake, and did not actually brake in time or at
all. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

1st Defendant’s Closing Submissions at [15].

17 The 1st defendant sought an uplift of the apportionment of liability
against the 2nd defendant from the starting position of 20% liability provided
for in MAG. This is for two reasons:

(a) First, the 1st defendant asserted that the Lorry could not have covered a
distance of about 15m (from the stop line of the Tuas Bay Drive to the second
lane of Tuas Crescent where the 2nd defendant was) at such a high speed that
the 2nd defendant only noticed the Lorry moments before the collision. This
the 1st defendant submitted, must mean that the 2nd defendant was travelling
at an excessive speed such that he could not keep a proper lookout. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

1st Defendant’s Closing Submissions at [17]–[19].

(b) Second, the 1st defendant submitted, in reliance on the MAG, that as the
Lorry Driver had proceeded to drive across the Cross Junction and was
substantially able to cross the cross junction, when the 2nd defendant
suddenly appeared and collided with the left of the Lorry, the liability of
the 2nd defendant should be increased by 5-10%. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

1st Defendant’s Opening Statement at [18].

Summary of the 2nd defendant’s case

18 The 2nd defendant is unrepresented. His case is that he was not negligent,
as he did keep a proper lookout and did not ride at an excessive speed:

(a) The 2nd defendant testified that he did not see the speedometer when he
was riding along Tuas Crescent, but thought that he was riding at about
50-–55km/h, which is his usual speed at fourth gear, before he braked on
seeing the Lorry move into the Cross Junction.

(b) As his Motorcycle neared the Cross Junction, he saw that the Lorry was
stationary at the stop line. As such, he was under the impression that the
Lorry Driver had seen his Motorcycle and would give way to him.

(c) However, when the Motorcycle was about to enter into the Cross Junction,
the Lorry suddenly entered the Cross Junction as well.

(d) The 2nd defendant applied his brakes as soon as he saw the Lorry move.

(e) But he was not able to stop the Motorcycle in time and collided with the
left side of the Lorry, near the diesel fuel tank, which is closer to the
front of the left side of the Lorry.

(f) He stated that he had about 2–3 seconds to react. Due to shock, he took no
other evasive action besides pressing on the brake, as he wanted to stop the
Motorcycle as soon as possible.

19 His Motorcycle landed on the road, on its left side. The left handle of the
Motorcycle was dented and the plastic piece covering the front wheel was
scratched, but the Motorcycle was otherwise undamaged. The 2nd defendant had
some scratches on the toes of his left leg but was otherwise uninjured. The
plaintiff suffered more severe injuries, as her left leg was under the wheel
of the Lorry.

Summary of the Intervener’s case

20 The 2nd defendant is uninsured against the plaintiff’s claim, as the 2nd
defendant’s Motorcycle did not have the requisite insurance coverage to cover
pillion riders. As such, any potential liability on his part would have to be
satisfied by the Motor Insurers’ Bureau of Singapore (“MIB”) pursuant to their
agreement with the Minister of Finance. The MIB thus sought and was granted
leave to be added as intervener to this action (“the Intervener”).

21 The Intervener’s case is that the Lorry Driver should be found fully liable
for the Accident. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Intervener’s Closing Submissions dated 14 April 2021 at [46].

The Lorry Driver failed to properly check for oncoming traffic along the main
road:

(a) From the scene photographs, it is clear that visibility from both the
perspectives of the Lorry Driver and the 2nd defendant were good. From the
Lorry Driver’s perspective, the road to his left at the stop line is a
straight road with no obstructions. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Intervener’s Opening Statement dated 6 April 2021 at [13].

(b) It is therefore inconceivable that the Lorry Driver did not notice the
presence of the 2nd defendant’s Motorcycle approaching the Cross Junction when
he had purportedly stopped and checked for oncoming traffic at the stop line.
This is especially given that the Lorry Driver had a clear view of the road on
his left all the way to the green signboard near the entrance into Tuas
Crescent, 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Intervener’s Opening Statement dated 6 April 2021 at [19]; Intervener’s
Closing Submissions dated 14 April 2021 at [21].

and he had allegedly checked for oncoming traffic while crossing the Cross-
Junction. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Intervener’s Closing Submissions dated 14 April 2021 at [26].

(c) This means that the Lorry Driver completely failed to keep a proper
lookout, which is why he failed to notice the Motorcycle. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Intervener’s Closing Submissions dated 14 April 2021 at [28].

22 The Intervener also submitted that the Lorry Driver was prone to
embellishment and prevarication in the course of the trial, such that his
evidence had to be treated with circumspection. The Intervener provided three
instances of this:

(a) His evidence on his checks for oncoming traffic was incrementally
extensive.

(i) While the Lorry Driver mentioned in his affidavit of evidence-in-chief
that he had come to a stop at the stop line to check for oncoming traffic
along the main road, he stated there that he done so through checking his wing
mirrors only. Neither of the side mirrors would have enabled him to adequately
check for oncoming traffic along the main road, since the mirrors were angled
more towards the back view of the Lorry. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Intervener Opening Statement dated 6 April 2021 at [15].

(ii) During cross-examination by the Intervener on this, the Lorry Driver
clarified that he was referring to windows of his car in his affidavit, and
not the mirrors.

(iii) He further added that he had checked his blind spots before moving off.

(iv) When subsequently asked by the court on this, his checks for oncoming
traffic became more extensive, as he additionally asserted that he continued
to check for traffic even while he was driving into the junction. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Intervener’s Closing Submissions dated 14 April 2021 at [11].

(b) The Lorry Driver only mentioned that he was travelling at 7km/h and that
there was a GPS record during cross-examination. But it is surprising that he
had not mentioned this in his affidavit of evidence-in-chief when it was the
2nd defendant’s allegation all along that the Lorry Driver was speeding. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Intervener’s Closing Submissions dated 14 April 2021 at [11(ii)].

(c) The photograph of the position of the Lorry at the time of collision shows
the final resting position of the rear tyre of the Lorry near a square drain
cover on the road. During trial, when asked to mark the location of the Lorry,
his marking was nowhere near the said drain cover. This shows that he was
merely trying to show that the Lorry had substantially crossed the Cross-
Junction. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Intervener’s Closing Submissions dated 14 April 2021 at [11(iii)].

23 The Intervener submitted that the 2nd defendant’s evidence is, in contrast,
consistent and clear:

(a) His oral testimony is consistent that he saw the Lorry stationary at the
stop line as he was approaching the Cross-Junction.

(b) While he could not recall exactly how fast he was travelling at, he was
able to provide a good estimate of his speed, and he was able to mark out
exactly where he first saw the Lorry and when the Lorry started to move.

24 The Intervener submitted that the 2nd defendant was not negligent:

(a) There is no basis to suggest that he was speeding, or that he did not
brake at all. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Intervener’s Closing Submissions dated 14 April 2021 at [29]–[30].

Given the minor damage to the 2nd defendant’s Motorcycle and his minor
injuries, the 1st defendant could not have been travelling at a high speed.
The only reason why the plaintiff’s injuries were much more serious was
because the rear tyre of the Lorry rolled over her left leg. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Intervener’s Closing Submissions dated 14 April 2021 at [31].

(b) It was also reasonable that the 2nd defendant maintained the same speed in
crossing the Cross-Junction. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Intervener’s Closing Submissions dated 14 April 2021 at [34].

The 2nd defendant had in fact noticed the Lorry stationary at the stop line
while he was nearing the junction. It was reasonable for the 2nd defendant to
infer that the Lorry Driver had seen his approach and was stopping to give way
to his Motorcycle. As such, 2nd defendant could not have reasonably
anticipated that the Lorry would suddenly move off and enter into the junction
as the 2nd defendant was entering into the same. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Intervener’s Opening Statement dated 6 April 2021 at [21]–[22].

(c) Further, there was no other evasive action the 2nd defendant could have
taken to avoid the Accident. As the Lorry had moved into the path of the
Motorcycle, there was no way the 2nd defendant could have stopped in time. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Intervener’s Closing Submissions dated 14 April 2021 at [38].

At the speed of 50–55km/h, the stopping distance would have been 35–45m, as
set out in the Highway Code.

25 The Intervener relied on Ong Sim Moy and others v Ong Sim Hoe [1968-1970]
SLR(R) 363 (“Ong Sim Moy v Ong Sim Hoe”), Yap Yew Yee v Subramaniam & Anor
[1972] 2 MLJ 53 (“Yap Yew Yee v Subramaniam”), and Cheung Fung (a patient)
(suing by his litigation representative Goh Fun Cheng) v Shanmugam Thanabal
[2014] SGHC 271 (“Cheung Fung v Shanmugam”), to submit that the Lorry Driver
should be found fully liable for the Accident with the 2nd Defendant’s
Motorcycle. In all three cases, the motorist entering the junction from a
minor road failed to stop and collided with a vehicle traveling along a major
road. The motorist in all three cases were found fully liable for the
accident. In Ong Sim Moy v Ong Sim Hoe (at [5]), the court held that the lorry
driver on the major road was not at fault, as he had done all he could to
avoid a collision by applying his brakes and swerving to his right. In Yap Yew
Yee v Subramaniam, the Malaysian court held that the taxi driver travelling on
the major road was entitled to assume that the motorcyclist coming from the
minor road would have stopped at the junction, and there was nothing the taxi
driver could have done to avoid the accident.

26 The Intervener submitted that the 1st defendant’s reliance on the MAG is
misconceived. The suggestion provided in the MAG on the apportionment of
liability presupposes that the driver along the main road was in a position to
take evasive action. But in this case, there was nothing the 2nd defendant
could have done. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Intervener’s Closing Submissions dated 14 April 2021 at [42].

27 The Intervener also distinguished Ng Swee Eng:

(a) The defendant there was making a right turn across a junction when he
collided with the motorcyclist who was proceeding straight into the junction
(with the right of way).

(b) The apportionment there appears to be based on the consideration that
after turning, the lorry had driven across 1.75 lanes of the opposite side of
the road before the collision occurred. The deceased thus ought to have had
sufficient time to notice the lorry and take precautions.

(c) In the present case, it would not have taken the Lorry much time to enter
the Cross-Junction and encroach onto the 2nd defendant’s path. Hence, there
was not sufficient time for the 2nd defendant to notice the Lorry in this case
and for the 2nd defendant to take precautions.

My Decision

28 After going through the evidence and the submissions, I find that the 1st
Defendant should bear 100% of the liability:

(a) It is undisputed that there was a stop sign at Tuas Bay Drive, the minor
road where the Lorry Driver was.

(b) The Motorcycle travelling on the major road, clearly had the right of way
as per para 70 of the Highway Code (Cap 276, R 11, 1990 Rev Ed).

(c) The onus was on the Lorry Driver to stop and check for oncoming vehicles
before entering the Cross Junction. I find that he did not do so before
entering the Cross Junction.

29 I also find that there is no evidence that the 2nd defendant was negligent
and thus liable to contribute:

(a) I accept the 2nd Defendant’s version of the event, that he saw the Lorry
stop behind the stop line, and so he continued to move into the Cross
Junction;

(b) I also accept that the 2nd defendant was not speeding;

(c) I find that it was the Lorry that moved suddenly into the Cross Junction
as the Motorcycle was nearing it; and

(d) the 2nd defendant did what he could in the circumstances, which was to
pull the brakes on his Motorcycle.

The Lorry Driver’s evidence

30 I did not find the Lorry Driver to be a credible witness. He made
exaggerated allegations on several occasions during his cross-examination,
which on questioning were found to be wholly unsubstantiated:

(a) One example is his allegation that the Motorcycle was speeding. He later
acknowledged that he would not have known this, since his evidence is that he
did not even see the Motorcycle.

(b) A second example is his evidence that the pillion rider was thrown off the
Motorcycle because of the high speed it was travelling at. He later
acknowledged that he would not have known this because he did not see the
Accident take place. In fact, his evidence is that he initially thought that
the sound of the impact was that of a burst tyre.

(c) A third example is the Lorry Driver’s claim that the 2nd defendant’s
Motorcycle had skidded, which was denied by the 2nd defendant. The Lorry
Driver admitted that he did not hear or see any skidding. Neither did he see
any marks on the road that showed that the Motorcycle skidded.

(d) A fourth example is his evidence in court that he was only traveling at a
very slow speed of 7km/h into the junction. This was not in his police report
or affidavit. He was unable to produce any objective record to substantiate
this claim. It is also an incredibly slow speed which most vehicles normally
do not travel at. Yet, his evidence was that this is the speed that he usually
entered into cross junctions.

(e) A fifth example is his evidence in court that the front of the Lorry cabin
was already in Tuas Avenue 20, and that he had substantially passed the Cross
Junction at the time of the Accident. This is contradicted by the accident
photograph enclosed in his own affidavit, which showed that the Lorry was
still in the Cross Junction after the Accident. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Amirthalingam Kanmani’s Affidavit of Evidence-Chief dated 14 January 2021 at p
19.

He also testified that the photograph reflects exactly where the Lorry was
positioned at the time of the impact.

31 Importantly, the nub of the Lorry Driver’s evidence, that he kept a proper
lookout before he entered the Cross Junction, lacks credibility:

(a) He maintained that he kept a lookout for oncoming vehicles, and in fact
checked again even as he moved into the junction, and that he saw no vehicles.

(b) This was despite the fact that he had clear vision of any vehicles
approaching. In fact, his evidence was that he could see up to the distance of
the green sign in Exhibit B in 2AB, which is quite far away.

(c) Even if a vehicle was speeding, it would have taken several seconds to
traverse the distance down Tuas Crescent towards the Cross Junction.

(d) Hence, it is highly implausible that if the Lorry Driver had kept a
lookout, twice as he alleged, he would not see any vehicle.

(e) I therefore find that he did not see the Motorcycle because he did not
keep a proper lookout before he moved into the Cross Junction.

32 There is also no evidence to support the Lorry Driver’s allegation that the
Motorcycle was speeding. Given that the 2nd defendant did not sustain
significant injuries, and given the lack of major damage to his Motorcycle
from impact with the Lorry (the left handle was dented from falling onto the
road and the plastic piece covering the front wheel was scratched), it is
highly unlikely that the Motorcycle was traveling at a high speed when it
neared the Cross Junction.

The 2nd defendant’s evidence

33 In contrast, I found the 2nd defendant to be a forthright and honest
witness:

(a) His evidence that he was not speeding was supported by the objective
evidence which showed that neither he nor his Motorcycle sustained any major
injury or damage.

(b) When he was asked about the Lorry Driver’s evidence that he was driving
into the junction at 7km/h, he was candid in admitting that he could not tell
what speed the Lorry was moving at, but only added that as the Lorry was much
larger, it covered the space before him quickly. He said that to him it was
moving at a normal speed.

(c) He was measured and did not take the position of blaming the Lorry Driver
wherever possible. When asked whether he agreed with the Lorry Driver’s
evidence that he stopped immediately upon impact, he testified that it was
important for him to say that the Lorry Driver was right in saying that he
braked. He said that if the Lorry Driver had not, the Lorry would have gone
over more of the plaintiff’s body.

34 On the facts, I find that there was nothing more that the 2nd defendant
could have done to avoid the Accident:

(a) The law only requires a road user to anticipate an act which is reasonably
foreseeable as being within the ordinary range of human experience. This duty
is not an overly onerous one such that the road user has to guard against
every conceivable eventuality (see SBS Transit Ltd v Stafford Rosemary Anne
Jane (administratrix of the estate of Anthony John Stafford, deceased) [2007]
SLR(R) 211 at [33]).

(b) Further, there is no legal duty on a driver to slow down automatically
each time when the driver approaches a junction where there is no stop sign
(see Ong Bee Nah v Won Siew Wan (Yong Tian Choy, third party) [2005] 2 SLR(R)
455 at [95]).

(c) The 2nd defendant could not have reasonably foreseen that the Lorry Driver
would suddenly enter into the junction and collide with his Motorcycle.

(d) In fact, he had done what he reasonably could by pressing on the brakes of
the Motorcycle and avoided further damage to the vehicles and himself.
Unfortunately, the plaintiff was injured. But that was not due to the 2nd
defendant’s negligence.

35 In line with this, the MAG’s starting point of 20% liability for the
motorist traveling on the major road, which the 1st defendant relied on (at
[11] above), would not apply here. The MAG is a helpful guide, but its
suggestions on apportionment of liability require the court to further take
into account the facts of each case. The MAG’s suggestion of 20% liability as
a starting point, presupposes that the motorist along the main road is in a
position to take evasive action to avoid the collision. Here, I have found
that there was nothing that the 2nd defendant could have done to avoid the
collision. The apportionment of liability is premised upon the finding of
liability. As I have found that the 2nd defendant is not liable, the issue of
apportionment does not arise.

36 The 1st defendant also relied on Ng Swee Eng. But that case turns on
different considerations. In that case, a lorry was making a right turn at a
junction into the main road. A motorcycle was traveling on the main road,
coming from the right side of the junction, towards the junction. The court
held that the motorcyclist was 20% liable for the accident when the motorcycle
collided with the lorry. On the facts there, the court found that a reasonable
motorcyclist would have seen the lorry and yet there was no tyre mark,
indicating that the motorcyclist either did not see the impending collision in
time, or had misjudged the lorry’s speed (see Ng Swee Eng at [65]).

37 But here, the 2nd defendant could not have reasonably foreseen that the
Lorry would move off from its stationary position behind the stop line. The
2nd defendant also pulled on the brake as soon as he saw the Lorry enter the
Cross Junction. At this point, the Motorcycle was already very close to the
junction. The 2nd defendant could not have safely taken any other evasive
action.

Intervener’s late submission on the 1st defendant’s lack of notice of
contribution

38 After the trial and after parties had filed their closing submissions, the
Intervener filed a supplementary submission dated 23 April 2021, relying on
Hwa Aik Engineering Pte Ltd v Munshi Mohammad Faiz and another [2021] SGHC(A)
1 (“Hwa Aik”) to submit that the 1st defendant should not be permitted to ask
the court to apportion liability between the 1st and 2nd defendants since the
1st defendant had not served the 2nd defendant with any formal notice of
contribution under O 16 r 8 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed).
Order 16 r 8 refers to a notice “containing a statement of the nature and
grounds of his claim or, as the case may be, of the question or issue required
to be determined”. In Hwa Aik (at [33]), the Appellate Division of the High
Court had advised that:

We hope that, in future, solicitors will not assume that there is such a power
[for the court to order contribution] and will make the appropriate
submissions before the court of first instance but, as mentioned, it would be
preferable if the situation were simply avoided by the filing of a formal
claim for contribution.

39 The 1st defendant subsequently filed their reply through supplementary
closing submissions. The 1st defendant submitted that in the present case, the
notice to seek contribution from the 2nd defendant was already given in the
form of the 1st defendant’s pleadings, where the 1st defendant had expressly
served on the 2nd defendant “a statement of the nature and ground of his
claim”. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

1st Defendant’s Supplementary Closing Submissions at [9].

In addition, the 1st defendant had at the close of the 1st defendant’s case,
informed the Court through their solicitors that the 1st defendant would, for
the avoidance of doubt, be seeking contribution from the 2nd defendant. Thus,
there is no doubt that the 1st defendant had given notice of his claim for
contribution against the 2nd defendant.

40 In light of my finding that the 1st defendant is 100% liable, this issue is
not germane. I have thus not asked for further submissions from parties on
whether the lack of an O 16 r 8 notice constrains the power of the court in
apportioning liability in the circumstances of this case. I note that in
Singapore Civil Procedure 2020, vol 1 (Chua Lee Ming gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell,
10th ed, 2019) at [16/8/1], it is stated, in relation to O 16 r 8, that:

Except where the two defendants are sued as tortfeasors liable in respect of
the same damage, it is necessary for a defendant who claims against his co-
defendant relief of any of the kinds mentioned in the rule to issue and serve
upon him a third party notice under this rule and a summons for third party
directions under r.4.

[emphasis added]

41 Here, the two defendants are sued as tortfeasors liable in respect of the
same damage. I also note that in Hwa Aik, the defendants had only focused on
their liability vis-à-vis the plaintiff at the trial. The third defendant (who
was seeking leave to appeal in Hwa Aik) made no argument for contribution from
the other defendants at the trial. But in this case, it was known to the 2nd
defendant and the Intervener that the 1st defendant was looking to make the
2nd defendant jointly liable. This was clear from the start of the
proceedings, where the 1st defendant stated in their defence that the
collision was caused or contributed by the negligence of the 2nd defendant.
The trial and cross-examination of witnesses proceeded on that basis, as had
the closing submissions of the plaintiff, the 1st defendant and the
Intervener.

Conclusion

42 In conclusion, taking into consideration the evidence in its entirety and
the submissions, I find that the 1st defendant is 100% liable for the
plaintiff’s claim.

43 I will hear parties on costs.

Kwek Mean Luck  
Judicial Commissioner

Ramasamy s/o Karuppan Chettiar, Simone Bamapriya Chettiar (Central Chambers
Law Corporation) for the plaintiff;

Gokulamurali s/o Haridas, Ng Si Xuan Sancia (Tito Isaac & Co LLP) for the
first defendant;

The second defendant in person;

Lim Hui Ying (Legal Solutions LLC) for the intervener.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 04 May 2021 (11:30 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

