Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the APPELLATE DIVISION of

the HIGH COURT OF THE republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC(A) 15

Civil Appeal No 47 of 2021

Between

(1)| Taytonn Pte Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| ASCC Enterprises Pte Ltd  
  
… Appellants

And

(1)| Tay Joe Boy  
---|---  
(2)| See Teow Kheng  
(3)| Loo Ah Phaik @ Loo Phaik Tin  
(4)| Tay Liang Boon  
(5)| Hoh Heen Hiang  
(6)| Alan See Keat Hin  
(7)| Tay Lee Lean  
(8)| Lim Soo Bean  
(9)| Brian Eugene Kressin  
(10)| Tay Joe Boy appointed by order dated 24 July 2019 to represent the
estate of Seow Yeow Hin deceased  
  
… Respondents

Civil Appeal No 49 of 2021

Between

(1)| Tay Joe Boy  
---|---  
(2)| See Teow Kheng  
(3)| Loo Ah Phaik @ Loo Phaik Tin  
(4)| Tay Liang Boon  
(5)| Hoh Heen Hiang  
(6)| Alan See Keat Hin  
(7)| Tay Lee Lean  
(8)| Lim Soo Bean  
(9)| Brian Eugene Kressin  
(10)| Tay Joe Boy appointed by order dated 24 July 2019 to represent the
estate of Seow Yeow Hin deceased  
  
… Appellants

And

(1)| Taytonn Pte Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| ASCC Enterprises Pte Ltd  
(3)| Chong Khian Sim (Zhang Jianxin)  
(4)| Goh Wee Sze Susanna (Wu Weishi Susanna)  
(5)| Lim Wen Dee  
  
… Respondents

In the matter of Suit No 1039 of 2018

Between

(1)| Tay Joe Boy  
---|---  
(2)| See Teow Kheng  
(3)| Loo Ah Phaik @ Loo Phaik Tin  
(4)| Tay Liang Boon  
(5)| Hoh Heen Hiang  
(6)| Alan See Keat Hin  
(7)| Tay Lee Lean  
(8)| Lim Soo Bean  
(9)| Brian Eugene Kressin  
(10)| Tay Joe Boy appointed by order dated 24 July 2019 to represent the
estate of Seow Yeow Hin deceased  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

(1)| Taytonn Pte Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| ASCC Enterprises Pte Ltd  
(3)| Chong Khian Sim (Zhang Jianxin)  
(4)| Goh Wee Sze Susanna (Wu Weishi Susanna)  
(5)| Lim Wen Dee  
  
… Defendants

Ex Tempore Judgment

[Contract] — [Contractual terms] — [Admissibility of evidence]

[Contract] — [Contractual terms] — [Interpretation]

[Equity] — [Fiduciary relationships] — [Duties]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Taytonn Pte Ltd and another

  
v

  

Tay Joe Boy and others and another appeal

[2021] SGHC(A) 15

Appellate Division of the High Court — Civil Appeals Nos 47 and 49 of 2021  
Belinda Ang Saw Ean JAD, Woo Bih Li JAD and See Kee Oon J  
25 October 2021

25 October 2021

See Kee Oon J (delivering the judgment of the court ex tempore):

Introduction

1 ASCC Enterprises Pte Ltd (“ASCC”) acquired Taytonn Pte Ltd (“Taytonn”) by
purchasing the shares of its shareholders (“Vendors”) under a sale and
purchase share agreement dated 20 June 2018 (“the Agreement”). Mr Tay Joe Boy
(“Mr Tay”) was the managing director and the largest shareholder of Taytonn,
holding 38.9% of its shares before its acquisition by ASCC.

2 Mr Tay and nine other Vendors (collectively, “the Lead Respondents”) brought
a claim against Taytonn and ASCC as well as three other Vendors who did not
enter appearance and appear to be nominal defendants. The Lead Respondents
claimed that pursuant to cl 7.2(a) of the Agreement (“cl 7.2(a)”), they were
entitled to a cash sum of US$2,586,056.55 which was left in Taytonn’s accounts
post-acquisition (“the Disputed Cash Sum”). They further claimed that the
Disputed Cash Sum was subsequently lent to Taytonn pursuant to an oral
agreement (“the Alleged Advance Agreement”). The Lead Respondents claimed the
Disputed Cash Sum on the grounds of: (a) their contractual entitlement under
cl 7.2(a); (b) repayment of the loan under the Alleged Advance Agreement; and
(c) unjust enrichment.

3 ASCC counterclaimed that if it was held liable to pay the Disputed Cash Sum
to the Lead Respondents, the Lead Respondents would have breached their
warranties under the Agreement and were hence bound to indemnify ASCC from any
resulting loss (“the Indemnity Issue”). Taytonn and ASCC (collectively, “the
Lead Appellants”) also counterclaimed that Mr Tay had breached his fiduciary
duties and contractual obligations to Taytonn by wrongfully procuring the sale
of Taytonn’s assets to himself at an undervalue (“the Undervalue Issue”).

4 The trial judge (“the Judge”) held that the Lead Respondents were entitled
to the Disputed Cash Sum from Taytonn under cl 7.2(a). However, he found that
the Alleged Advance Agreement was a fabrication by Mr Tay. The Judge also
dismissed the Lead Respondents’ claim in unjust enrichment. As for the Lead
Appellants’ counterclaims, the Judge found that the Indemnity Issue was moot
as ASCC was not liable to the Lead Respondents for the Disputed Cash Sum.
Finally, the Judge held that Mr Tay had breached his fiduciary duties to
Taytonn and was liable for the resulting loss of $413,189.75 that Taytonn had
suffered.

5 AD/CA 47/2021 (“AD 47”) is the Lead Appellants’ appeal against the Judge’s
findings on: (a) the Lead Respondents’ entitlement to the Disputed Cash Sum
under cl 7.2(a) (“the Contractual Entitlement Issue”); and (b) the Indemnity
Issue. AD/CA 49/2021 (“AD 49”) is the Lead Respondents’ appeal against the
Judge’s findings on: (a) the Alleged Advance Agreement; (b) their claim in
unjust enrichment (“the Unjust Enrichment Issue”); and (c) the Undervalue
Issue.

AD 47

The Contractual Entitlement Issue

Interpretation of cl 7.2(a)

6 In our assessment, the Judge did not err in finding the Lead Appellants’
interpretation of cl 7.2(a) to be untenable. He adopted the Lead Respondents’
interpretation which points towards their entitlement to the Disputed Cash Sum
as the excess “Cash and Cash Equivalents” standing to the credit of Taytonn’s
accounts as at Completion Date 1, ie, 28 June 2018. The working capital sum of
US$5m stated in cl 7.2(a) was agreed to be sufficient to sustain Taytonn as a
going concern.

7 The Judge was justified in accepting the Lead Respondents’ primary argument
that the “debt-free and cash-free” basis for the acquisition of Taytonn was
consistent with the interpretation of cl 7.2(a) as setting a “cut-off point”
or “target” of US$5m to enable the identification of the “Cash and Cash
Equivalents” which the Vendors would be entitled to post-acquisition. We note
that the definition of “Cash and Cash Equivalents” in cl 1.1.6 of the
Agreement expressly excludes “items included in Working Capital such as
accounts receivable”. The corresponding definition of “Debt” in cl 1.1.11
expressly excludes “items included in Working Capital such as accounts
payable”. There is nothing in the Agreement to suggest that the Disputed Cash
Sum had been earmarked for payment of Taytonn’s June 2018 accounts payable
(“June 2018 APs”).

8 It also does not follow from the mere fact that Taytonn would have faced
cash flow difficulties without the Disputed Cash Sum that the parties had
agreed that Taytonn would retain the Disputed Cash Sum, on top of US$5m in
working capital, to pay the June 2018 APs. On the contrary, since cl 1.1.29 of
the Agreement defines “Working Capital” as excluding debt, thereby including
accounts payable, an ordinary reading of cl 7.2(a) indicates that the June
2018 APs had already been accounted for in the working capital sum of US$5m.
If the Lead Appellants are correct in their interpretation of cl 7.2(a), then
Taytonn would have retained working capital of more than US$7m as at
Completion Date 1. This was never contemplated by the parties.

9 The commercial purpose of cl 7.2(a) also supports the Lead Respondents’
construction. As the Judge observed, cl 7.2(a) was intended to prescribe the
Vendors’ entitlement to the “Cash and Cash Equivalents” remaining in Taytonn
on Completion Date 1. However, if the sum of US$5m was only a “floor”, as the
Lead Appellants contend, there would be no upper limit that would enable the
Vendors to determine their entitlement to the excess “Cash and Cash
Equivalents”. This difficulty cannot be resolved by reference to what was
needed to comfortably sustain Taytonn as a going concern, not least because
the Agreement does not prescribe any mechanism for making such a
determination. In contrast, the Vendors’ entitlement to the excess “Cash and
Cash Equivalents” would be readily ascertainable on the Lead Respondents’
construction of cl 7.2(a). The Vendors would simply be entitled to any cash
that remained once Taytonn had reached US$5,000,000 in working capital – in
this case, the Disputed Cash Sum. Hence, even though the Judge noted that the
words “at least” in cl 7.2(a), when viewed in isolation, might support the
Lead Appellants’ construction, he rightly found that the Lead Respondents’
interpretation better comports with the commercial purpose of cl 7.2(a) and
the “cash-free” aspect of Taytonn’s acquisition. An objective and contextual
interpretation of cl 7.2(a) reveals that the words “at least” serve no real
purpose.

10 The Judge further observed in obiter that Mr Tay had left the Disputed Cash
Sum in Taytonn on Completion Date 1 as a calculated move to blindside ASCC. We
express no view on the correctness of this observation. It does not affect his
finding that the Lead Respondents are clearly entitled to the Disputed Cash
Sum based on the language of cl 7.2(a).

Admissibility of extrinsic evidence

11 The Lead Appellants’ main arguments in AD 47 centre on the extrinsic
evidence that would allegedly support their interpretation of cl 7.2(a). In
this regard, the Lead Appellants contend that the Judge had erred in
disregarding the extrinsic evidence of: (a) key correspondence evidencing
assurances given to ASCC’s representatives that Taytonn would have sufficient
cash for its June 2018 APs (“Key Correspondence”); (b) the Vendors’ deliberate
omission to extract the Disputed Cash Sum before or at Completion Date 1; and
(c) the earmarking of the Disputed Cash Sum on Mr Tay’s instructions for
Taytonn’s June 2018 APs.

12 In our view, the Judge correctly held that the extrinsic evidence that the
Lead Appellants had sought to rely on was inadmissible. The pleading
requirements governing the admissibility of extrinsic evidence have been
clearly spelt out by the Court of Appeal in Sembcorp Marine Ltd v PPL Holdings
Pte Ltd and another and another appeal [2013] 4 SLR 193 and Tuitiongenius Pte
Ltd v Toh Yew Keat and another [2021] 1 SLR 231 (“Tuitiongenius”). The Lead
Appellants did not properly plead the extrinsic evidence they seek to rely on
and the effect thereof on the construction of cl 7.2(a). These must be pleaded
with specificity and it is inadequate for the Lead Appellants to merely plead
their construction of cl 7.2(a). Furthermore, the extrinsic evidence was
raised by the Lead Appellants for the purpose of varying cl 7.2(a) and
Tuitiongenius makes it clear (at [43]) that this should not be allowed. It is
also pertinent to note that the Lead Appellants had themselves denied the
relevance of the Key Correspondence in their Defence and Counterclaim
(Amendment No 2). This is a key factor that distinguishes the present case
from Tuitiongenius. Although the respondents in Tuitiongenius did not plead
the effect of certain extrinsic evidence on the interpretation of the contract
in question, the Court of Appeal admitted the evidence because it was not
seriously challenged on appeal and the respondents had relied on that evidence
from the outset.

13 Even if we were to overlook the deficiencies in the Lead Appellants’
pleadings, most of the extrinsic evidence that they seek to rely on would not
satisfy the requirements for admissibility as set out in Zurich Insurance
(Singapore) Pte Ltd v B-Gold Interior Design & Construction Pte Ltd [2008] 3
SLR(R) 1029 at [125] and [128]–[129]. We add that we have serious doubts as to
whether Mr Tay had indeed instructed Taytonn’s finance manager on 10 May 2018
to earmark the Disputed Cash Sum for Taytonn’s June 2018 APs, given the
paucity of evidence on the same.

14 We find cl 15.10 of the Agreement to be helpful as it serves to remind the
parties that the language used in the Agreement was the product of joint
negotiation and drafting. Hence if a question of interpretation were to arise,
as it has in the present case, the contra proferentem rule does not apply.
Arguably, cl 15.10 would have a bearing on whether it is permissible to rely
on extrinsic evidence as an aid to construction.

15 As we have decided the Contractual Entitlement Issue in the Lead
Respondents’ favour, it is unnecessary for us to consider the extrinsic
evidence which they seek to rely on. In any event, we agree with the Judge
that it is largely unproductive to trawl through the parties’ pre-contractual
negotiations. There is no benefit to interpreting the Key Correspondence as if
they contained contractual terms when the object of interpretation is not the
Key Correspondence but cl 7.2(a). The Key Correspondence, which both sides
rely on to establish what was purportedly agreed between them in the lead-up
to the execution of the Agreement, is also of little relevance because cl 15.3
of the Agreement contains a “whole agreement” clause. Clause 15.3 has the
effect of excluding any agreements that might have been made in prior
negotiations or discussions, thereby reinforcing the fact that the court
should not stray beyond the confines of the Agreement in interpreting cl
7.2(a).

The Indemnity Issue

16 The Indemnity Issue is moot. As we have explained earlier in this judgment,
we accept the Judge’s interpretation of cl 7.2(a). As such, it would follow
that the Vendors did not breach the relevant warranties in the Agreement to
begin with. In any event, they were not obliged under cl 7.2(a) to ensure that
Taytonn would be able to meet the June 2018 APs in cash. The Vendors have also
not breached any warranty by asserting their entitlement to the Disputed Cash
Sum.

AD 49

The Alleged Advance Agreement and the Unjust Enrichment Issue

17 As we accept the Judge’s findings on the Contractual Entitlement Issue, the
issue of the Alleged Advance Agreement and the Unjust Enrichment Issue do not
arise for determination in these appeals.

18 We add that arguments relating to both the Alleged Advance Agreement and
the Unjust Enrichment Issue ought to have been properly canvassed by the Lead
Respondents in response to AD 47, in the eventuality that we are minded to
allow the Lead Appellants’ appeal on the Contractual Entitlement Issue. These
arguments are not properly the subject-matter of a separate cross-appeal by
the Lead Respondents.

The Undervalue Issue

19 The only issue arising in AD 49 is the Judge’s determination that Mr Tay
had breached his fiduciary duty to Taytonn and was liable for the resulting
loss to Taytonn of $413,189.75 occasioned by the sale of two units of
leasehold property at 32 Old Toh Tuck Road I.Biz Centre (“the Property”) and
the two vehicles registered under Taytonn (collectively, “the Assets”). Only
Mr Tay should have been the appellant on this issue. The Judge based his
finding on Mr Tay having arranged for Taytonn to enter into the Agreement to
sell the Assets to himself when he was in a position of conflict of interest,
and on Taytonn having allegedly sustained losses as a result of Mr Tay’s
breach.

20 The Judge had correctly applied his mind to the “no conflict” rule outlined
in Nordic International Ltd v Morten Innhaug [2017] 3 SLR 957 at [53]. With
respect, however, we do not agree with the Judge’s reasoning and conclusion
that Mr Tay had breached his fiduciary duty. Mr Tay’s act of buying the Assets
simpliciter does not lead to this conclusion. Mr Tay would have had to observe
the “no conflict” rule because of potential personal profit from the sale of
the Assets. But more fundamentally on the present facts, the pivotal question
is whether Mr Tay had bought the Assets with Taytonn’s approval.

21 The disposal of Taytonn’s assets by Mr Tay was contemplated by the
shareholders’ agreement dated 10 September 2015, although that agreement does
not go as far as to suggest that the sale of the Assets to Mr Tay was
contemplated and/or disclosed then, contrary to what the Lead Respondents
submit. Nevertheless, closer scrutiny of the objective evidence in the round
would indicate that Mr Tay did obtain informed consent and approval for the
sale of the Property from Taytonn’s shareholders at the extraordinary general
meeting (“EGM”) of 12 June 2018. It is clear that by that EGM, Taytonn’s
shareholders had known of and approved the sale of the Property to Mr Tay at
the agreed price of $1,205,000. We note that the Lead Appellants have never
questioned the validity of the EGM and have not shown credible grounds to
impugn the shareholders’ resolution that was passed.

22 Further, the EGM minutes expressly referred to the transfer of the Property
to Mr Tay as a condition precedent to the completion of the sale of shares
under the Agreement, a draft copy of which was annexed to those minutes. This
condition precedent was contained in cl 4A.1(a) of the Agreement, which was
eventually entered into on 20 June 2018, requiring the completion of the sale
of the Assets to Mr Tay and/or his nominees before Completion Date 1. Given
that the Agreement was signed by all the shareholders, it was insufficient for
the Judge to focus solely on Mr Tay having been in a position of conflict, or
the fact that his actions may not have appeared to be bona fide or in
Taytonn’s interests. The key consideration is whether there was lack of
informed consent on the part of the shareholders in relation to the sale of
the Property. The weight of the evidence does not point towards this
conclusion.

23 As for the sale of the two vehicles, it was not necessary for shareholders’
approval to be obtained, having regard to Art 75 of Taytonn’s articles of
association. We accept that it was sufficient that a directors’ resolution was
validly passed on 11 June 2018 to approve the sale of the vehicles to Mr Tay.
As the sale of the vehicles was entirely proper, there was simply no breach of
fiduciary duty by Mr Tay to complain of.

24 It is important to bear in mind the undisputed fact that the shareholders
have not objected at any time to Mr Tay’s purchase of the Assets or to the
sale values. The third to fifth defendants to the action are Taytonn’s
managerial employees who were also shareholders. They have not entered
appearance and are taking a neutral stance. In short, none of the
shareholders/Vendors has expressed any reservations or concerns to date. For
present purposes, we infer that they knew of and consented to Mr Tay’s
purchase of the Assets at the respective values.

25 It is also significant that the proceeds of the sale of the Assets were
earmarked for the shareholders under cl 7.2(a). The shareholders, not Taytonn
or ASCC, were eventually entitled to the sale proceeds under the Agreement.
The Agreement itself contains a de-consolidation of assets clause in cl 7.1.
The Assets were specifically excluded from the acquisition and the value of
Taytonn’s shares was adjusted accordingly to accommodate these excluded
assets. Hence, even if the Assets were sold at an undervalue as alleged, it
would not have led to loss suffered by Taytonn or ASCC.

26 There is of course no doubt that Mr Tay did owe a fiduciary duty to
Taytonn. However, for the reasons we have stated above, we do not agree with
the Judge’s finding that he had breached this duty. Furthermore, we accept the
Lead Respondents’ submission that the Lead Appellants were not the proper
parties to bring a counterclaim premised on Mr Tay’s alleged breach of
fiduciary duty. AD 49 should therefore be allowed in part in respect of the
Undervalue Issue.

Conclusion

27 In the circumstances, we dismiss AD 47 and allow AD 49 in part on the
Undervalue Issue.

28 The Lead Respondents are entitled to their costs in successfully defending
AD 47 and for succeeding on the Undervalue Issue in AD 49. Costs of SUM 2684
of 2021 (the Lead Appellants’ application for a stay of execution pending
appeal) were reserved to their appeal. In AD 47, the Lead Respondents also
seek a variation of the Judge’s refusal to allow their expert’s fees to the
full extent of $80,000. In our view, the Judge rightly disallowed the Lead
Respondents’ expert’s fees to the full extent as the expert’s evidence was of
little assistance both at trial and on appeal.

29 The Lead Respondents seek $60,000 in costs and reasonable disbursements. We
order costs of $50,000 (all-in) for the Lead Respondents.

30 The usual consequential orders apply.

Belinda Ang Saw Ean  
Judge of the Appellate Division| | | Woo Bih Li  
Judge of the Appellate Division  
---|---|---|---  
See Kee Oon  
Judge of the High Court| | |   
  
Probin Stephan Dass, Hoang Linh Trang and Poh Yee Shing (Shook Lin & Bok LLP)
for the appellants in AD/CA 47/2021 and the respondents in AD/CA 49/2021.

Chang Qi-Yang and Ephraim Tan (WongPartnership LLP) for the respondents in
AD/CA 47/2021 and the appellants in AD/CA 49/2021.

  

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 25 Oct 2021 (16:05 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

