Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC 166

Suit No 242 of 2020 (Registrar’s Appeal No 310 of 2020)

Between

| Mirae Asset Daewoo Co, Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| Sng Zhiwei Joel  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

GROUNDS OF DECISION

[Civil Procedure] — [Summary judgment]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Mirae Asset Daewoo Co, Ltd

  
v

  

Sng Zhiwei Joel

[2021] SGHC 166

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 242 of 2020 (Registrar’s Appeal
No 310 of 2020)  
Lai Siu Chiu SJ  
13 January 2021

1 July 2021

Lai Siu Chiu SJ:

Introduction

1 Sng Zhiwei Joel (“the defendant”) was sued by Mirae Asset Daewoo Co Ltd
(“the plaintiff”), a Korean company, in Suit No 242 of 2020 (“this Suit”) for
the sum of USD5.1m (“the Claim amount”). The defendant filed his defence as
well as a counterclaim to the Claim amount. The plaintiff applied for summary
judgment in Summons No 3745 of 2020 (“the summary judgment application”)
against the plaintiff, pursuant to O 14 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5,
2014 Rev Ed) (“the Rules of Court”).

2 The summary judgment application came up for hearing before an Assistant
Registrar (“the AR”). The AR granted the defendant unconditional leave to
defend the Suit. Dissatisfied with the AR’s decision, the plaintiff appealed
in Registrar’s Appeal No 310 of 2020 (“the Appeal”).

3 The Appeal came on for hearing before this court. After hearing the parties’
arguments, I reversed the decision of the AR and awarded final judgment to the
plaintiff together with interest and costs. As the defendant is dissatisfied
with my decision and has filed an appeal (in Civil Appeal No 15 of 2021)
against the same, I now set out the reasons for my decision.

The facts

4 The facts set out below are extracted from the pleadings as well as from the
affidavits that were filed in this Suit by the parties for the summary
judgment application. The affidavits filed exhibited the documents (which
included affidavits) filed in Originating Summonses No 981 of 2019 (“OS 981”)
and No 105 of 2020 (“OS 105”) (collectively “the OSS”), both of which related
to Honestbee Pte Ltd (“Honestbee” or “the Company”). OS 981 was an application
filed on 1 August 2019 under s 211B of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed)
(“the Companies Act”) by the Company, whilst OS 105 was filed on 24 January
2020 by the Company under s 210 of the Companies Act for the passing and
approval of a scheme of arrangement.

5 The plaintiff is in the business of investment banking and stock brokerage.
1

##### Foot Note 1

×

2nd Affidavit of Jong Won Kim dated 1 September 2020 (“Jong’s second
affidavit”) at para 4.

It is the trustee company of DS Sng Hedge Fund (“the Hedge Fund”) and brought
this Suit in such capacity for and on behalf of the Hedge Fund. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Jong’s second affidavit at para 1; Statement of Claim dated 16 March 2020
(“SOC”) at para 1.

6 The defendant is a co-founder of Honestbee and was its Chief Executive
Officer (“CEO”) from December 2014 to May 2019. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

4th Affidavit of Sng Zhiwei Joel dated 17 September 2020 (“the defendant’s
fourth affidavit”) at para 5.

He was also a director of Honestbee. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

The defendant’s fourth affidavit at para 5.

Honestbee was a technology/e-commerce company which, before it was wound up on
7 July 2020 in CWU 101 of 2020, operated an online business in the purchase
and delivery of groceries and food. It even ventured into online concierge
services. By 2017, Honestbee had started providing laundry services. Honestbee
expanded overseas into Japan, Hong Kong, Taiwan and other South East Asian
countries after its launch in Singapore. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Defence & Counterclaim (Amendment No 1) dated 22 June 2020 (“D&CC”) at para
13.

It generated considerable publicity on social media in its efforts to compete
with “brick and mortar” supermarkets/stores for customers. This court recalls
that Honestbee was frequently in the news in its heyday. By October 2018,
Honestbee had started a physical grocery and food store in Singapore called
“habitat by honestbee”. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

6th Affidavit of Sng Zhiwei Joel dated 23 October 2020 (“the defendant’s sixth
affidavit”) at p 196.

7 As with e-commerce start-ups, Honestbee looked for funding to maintain and
expand its operations. The court notes from the Company’s list of creditors
set out in an affidavit filed by its former CEO Ong Lay Ann (“Ong”) in the
OSS, that it attracted many investors in its initial days including Mitsubishi
Corporation. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

The defendant’s sixth affidavit at p 239.

The defendant disclosed that by August 2019, Honestbee owed its numerous
creditors $247.7m. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

D&CC at para 13(m).

8 By an agreement dated 19 July 2018 (“the July SPA”), the plaintiff on behalf
of the Hedge Fund agreed to purchase 65,117 shares in Honestbee from the
defendant for USD3.2m. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Jong’s second affidavit at pp 30 and 32.

9 By another agreement dated 9 August 2018 (“the August SPA”), the plaintiff
again on behalf of the Hedge Fund agreed to purchase 21,748 shares in
Honestbee from the defendant for USD1.9m. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Jong’s second affidavit at pp 46 and 48.

10 Under cl 3.1 of the July SPA, the transaction was to be closed on 19 July
2018, the date of execution of the July SPA itself. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Jong’s second affidavit at p 32.

11 For the August SPA, the closing of the transaction would take place on 9
August 2018, the date of execution of the August SPA. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Jong’s second affidavit at p 48.

12 Under both SPAs, payment to the defendant was provided for under cl 2.3, 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Jong’s second affidavit at pp 32 and 48.

while cl 3.2 in both documents contained the following provisions: 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Jong’s second affidavit at pp 32 and 48.

3.2 Actions at the Closing. At the Closing, the Seller and the Buyer, as
applicable, shall take or cause to be taken the following actions (the
“Closing Actions”):

3.2.1 Delivery of Stock Certificates. The Seller shall deliver to the Buyer
stock certificates in case the Buyer stock certificates is issued by the
Company representing the Shares.

3.2.2 Recording of the Transfer of the Subject Shares. The Seller shall cause
the Company to register the transfer of the Shares from the Seller to the
Buyer in the shareholders’ registry and company records of the Company and to
take other actions necessary to affect the transfer of the Shares to the
Buyer.

3.2.3 Payment of Purchase Price. The Buyer shall pay the Seller the Purchase
Price as set forth in Section 2.2.

13 Under both SPAs, there were termination clauses in identical terms under cl
7.10, which states: 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Jong’s second affidavit at pp 32 and 48.

7.10.1 Prior to the Closing, this Agreement may be terminated and the
Transaction contemplated hereby abandoned:

(a) by the mutual consent of the Buyer and the Seller as evidenced in a
writing signed by each of the Buyer and the Seller;

(b) by the non-breaching Party with a written notice of termination if there
has been a material breach by the other Party (the “Breaching Party”) of any
terms and conditions of this Agreement and such breach is incapable of being
cured or has not been cured by the Breaching Party within ten (10) days after
written notice thereof from the non-breaching Party;

7.10.2 Termination by Notice. If any Party desires to terminate this Agreement
pursuant to Section 7.10.1, a written notice (the “Termination Notice”) shall
be delivered to the other Party. This Agreement shall be terminated without
further actions of the Parties upon receipt of the Termination Notice by the
other Party.

7.10.3 Effect of Termination. In the event of termination and abandonment of
this Agreement pursuant to Section 7.10.1, this Agreement shall forthwith
become null and void and have no effect, and the obligations of the Parties
under this Agreement shall terminate, except that Section 7.4, Section 7.7,
and Section 7.10.4 shall survive termination of this Agreement.

7.10.4 Damages. If the Agreement is terminated due to any material breach or
default by the Breaching Party of its obligations contained in this Agreement,
the Breaching Party shall be liable for damages arising out of or relating to
any material breach or default by the Breaching Party of its obligations
contained in this Agreement.

14 Pursuant to cl 3.2.3 of the July and August SPAs, the plaintiff paid to the
defendant USD3.2m and USD1.9m on 19 July 2018 and 9 August 2018 respectively.
16

##### Foot Note 16

×

SOC at paras 8 and 11.

The defendant admitted that he received these sums. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

D&CC at paras 8 and 10.

15 It was the plaintiff’s case that the defendant breached cl 3.2.1 in respect
of both SPAs. In regard to the July SPA, he failed to deliver stock
certificates for 65,117 shares in Honestbee by 19 July 2018 and in regard to
the August SPA, he failed to deliver stock certificates for 21,748 shares in
Honestbee by 9 August 2018. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

SOC at paras 9.1 and 12.1.

(Henceforth, the 86,865 shares (65,117 + 21,748) purchased by the plaintiff
from the defendant will be referred to collectively as “the Shares”.)

16 Further, the plaintiff alleged that the defendant also breached cl 3.2.2 in
respect of both SPAs, by failing to cause Honestbee to register the Shares in
the plaintiff’s name in the shareholders’ register and company records of
Honestbee. Under s 126(3) of the Companies Act, no transfer of shares in a
private company can take effect until the electronic register of members of
the company is updated. The plaintiff alleged that the defendant failed to
take all necessary action to effect the transfer of the 86,865 shares to the
plaintiff that were purchased from him. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

SOC at paras 9.2–9.4 and 12.2–12.4.

17 Between September and December 2018, the plaintiff wrote to the defendant
on numerous occasions to demand his compliance with his obligations under the
July and August SPAs. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Jong’s second affidavit at pp 62, 83, 85, 86 and 88.

In his responses, the defendant did not deny his obligations. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Jong’s second affidavit at pp 84 and 87.

Instead, on 27 December 2018, the plaintiff received a share certificate in
its name dated 30 September 2018 for the Shares signed (only) by the defendant
(“the Share Certificate”). 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Jong’s second affidavit at p 90.

However, the Share Certificate was insufficient to transfer the Shares to the
plaintiff as the plaintiff was not registered as a shareholder with the
Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority of Singapore (“ACRA”).

18 Consequently, on 16 January 2020, the plaintiff’s solicitors issued a
notice to the defendant terminating the July and August SPAs under cll 7.10.1
and 7.10.2 for material breaches or default of his obligations. The notice of
termination included a demand for return of the Claim amount. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Jong’s second affidavit at pp 123–124.

19 By a letter dated 3 March 2020, the defendant’s solicitors denied that the
defendant signed the July and August SPAs, but made no mention of returning
the plaintiff the Claim amount. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Jong’s second affidavit at p 125.

20 The plaintiff responded by commencing this Suit, setting out in its
statement of claim the facts enumerated earlier.

21 In his Defence and Counterclaim Amendment No 1 (“D&CC”), the defendant made
numerous allegations. First, the defendant contended he did not sign the July
and August SPAs and disputed the authenticity of those documents. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

D&CC at para 5(a).

22 The defendant next alleged that the two documents were structured and
executed by one Bon Woong Koo (said to be commonly known as “Brian Koo”), 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

D&CC at para 5(a)(i).

whom he applied to court subsequently to join as the second defendant in his
counterclaim against the plaintiff. Brian Koo was the defendant’s successor as
CEO of Honestbee, following the defendant’s stepping down in May 2019. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

The defendant’s fourth affidavit at para 6.

23 The defendant alleged that at all material times the plaintiff communicated
with and dealt with Brian Koo in relation to the two SPAs. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

D&CC at para 5(a)(ii).

The defendant averred that he was only notified of the July and August SPAs
after the documents were executed and he did not append his signature to
either document. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

D&CC at para 5(a)(iii).

24 Leaving aside his contention that the two documents are not authentic, the
defendant averred that he had complied with his obligations stipulated under
cl 3.2 of both SPAs as he had notified Honestbee of the SPAs and requested
Honestbee to register the share transfers. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

D&CC at para 11.

However, despite the defendant’s repeated requests, Honestbee did not give
notice of the sale of shares to Honestbee’s shareholders nor register the
share transfers. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

D&CC at para 11(b).

25 As for Brian Koo, the defendant had a laundry list of grievances against
him in his counterclaim, including: 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

D&CC at paras 29–33; the defendant’s fourth affidavit at paras 8–11; Jong’s
second affidavit at pp 217–218.

(a) that Brian Koo and he used to be partners in a fund management company
called Koosng Pte Ltd (“Koosng”), and that after the defendant agreed to sell
his shares in Koosng to Brian Koo and left the company, the defendant was not
paid for his shares;

(b) that Brian Koo issued the defendant a promissory note dated 1 October 2018
(“the PN”) under which Brian Koo represented that:

(i) he would arrange a fundraising exercise for Honestbee with the plaintiff
and another Korean trust company Alpen Route Matterhorn (“Alpen”);

(ii) the plaintiff and Alpen would only invest in Honestbee if the defendant
sold his shares in Honestbee to them at a discount;

(iii) Brian Koo would be wholly responsible to ensure that the shares
transfers were in good order and compliant; and

(iv) that the defendant’s shares would be subject to a buy-back transaction
whereby the plaintiff and Alpen would sell back to the defendant the shares he
sold. This was evidenced in a guarantee provided by Brian Koo in the PN.

(c) that, arising from Brian Koo’s fundraising exercise, the plaintiff
acquired the Shares from the defendant while Alpen acquired another 14,880
shares from the defendant;

(d) in reliance on Brian Koo’s representations, the defendant notified
Honestbee of the share transfers to Alpen and requested Honestbee to register
the share transfers;

(e) in breach of his obligations under the PN, Brian Koo failed, refused
and/or neglected to ensure that the share transfers were registered; and

(f) as a result, the defendant was sued by the plaintiff in this Suit and the
defendant therefore sought an indemnity from Brian Koo.

26 As an alternative defence, the defendant alleged that the plaintiff and
Brian Koo conspired to injure him by lawful means (“the Conspiracy”) in that:
33

##### Foot Note 33

×

D&CC at paras 38–41.

(a) Brian Koo, while CEO of Honestbee, caused Honestbee not to register the
share transfers under the July and August SPAs;

(b) the plaintiff then relied on the non-registration of the share transfers
as a ground for seeking full restitution of the Claim amount paid under the
July and August SPAs;

(c) at the material time, Brian Koo and the plaintiff were aware that the
defendant had channelled all of the Claim amount into funding Honestbee’s
operations as the Company was in serious financial trouble;

(d) the predominant motive of the Conspiracy was to cause damage to the
defendant by enabling the plaintiff to escape a bad bargain and compel the
defendant to return the Claim amount;

(e) in furtherance of the Conspiracy, Brian Koo caused Honestbee to ignore
requests made by the plaintiff to register the share transfers; and

(f) the plaintiff then issued a notice of termination dated 16 January 2020
purporting to terminate the two SPAs, followed by the commencement of this
Suit.

I should point out that in his defence to the defendant’s counterclaim, Brian
Koo denied all the defendant’s allegations, including signing the PN.

27 The defendant also raised the defence of acquiescence against the
plaintiff’s claim on the basis that the plaintiff took no steps after its
receipt of the Share Certificate on 27 December 2018 which it acknowledged.
Consequently, the defendant averred that the plaintiff, having affirmed the
July and August SPAs after having notice of the non-registration of the share
transfers, is not entitled to rely on the non-registration of the share
transfers to terminate the July and August SPAs. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

D&CC at paras 13–16.

28 As a further alternative, the defendant alleged that the plaintiff’s
conduct had induced the defendant into believing that the plaintiff had
acquiesced to any failure in the performance of the defendant’s purpose
obligations under the July and August SPAs. He alleged that the plaintiff was
guilty of inordinate and inexcusable delay in bringing this Suit. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

D&CC at para 17.

The summary judgment application

29 In September 2020, the plaintiff filed the summary judgment application
against the defendant, As stated at [2] to [3] above, the AR dismissed the
same and allowed the defendant unconditional leave to defend, which decision
this court reversed.

30 The plaintiff filed three affidavits by Jong Won Kim (“Jong”), a director
of DS & Partners LLC, an affiliated company of DS Asset Management Co Ltd
which is the manager of the Hedge Fund. On his part, the defendant filed two
affidavits to oppose the application: one on 17 September 2020 (“the
defendant’s fourth affidavit”) and the other on 23 October 2020 (“the
defendant’s sixth affidavit”).

31 The court will now review the affidavits filed for the summary application.

The plaintiff’s affidavits

32 In Jong’s affidavit filed on 2 September 2020 (“Jong’s second affidavit”),
he deposed that it was Brian Koo, who at the material time was also the CEO
from the venture capitalist firm called Formation Group, who approached the
plaintiff to say that the defendant was looking to sell his shares in
Honestbee at a discount to raise funds. Brian Koo inquired if the plaintiff
was interested to be the purchaser, which the plaintiff indicated it was. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Jong’s second affidavit at paras 6–7.

33 To that end, Brian Koo provided to Jong by email on 17 July 2018 the
defendant’s HSBC bank account particulars, as well as a scanned copy of the
defendant’s passport. Both items were sent by the defendant to Brian Koo, who
forwarded them in turn to the plaintiff. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Jong’s second affidavit at para 8.

34 Thereafter, the parties entered into the two SPAs. As requested by the
defendant, payment of the Claim amount by the plaintiff was remitted directly
to his HSBC account. For both SPAs, Jong deposed that the execution pages were
forwarded by Brian Koo to the defendant, who signed and emailed them back to
Brian Koo, who forwarded them in turn to the plaintiff. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Jong’s second affidavit at paras 11 and 14 and pp 41 and 57..

35 Not having received the share certificates for its purchase under the two
SPAs, Jong emailed the defendant on 3 September 2018 (copied to Brian Koo) to
request the documents. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Jong’s second affidavit at p 62.

As there was no response from the defendant, the plaintiff sent the defendant
another email on 17 October 2018. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Jong’s second affidavit at p 83.

36 The defendant finally responded on 18 October 2018 with a non-committal
answer. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Jong’s second affidavit at p 84.

The defendant stated that he had spoken to Brian Koo, who would “[work]
together with [the plaintiff] ... on an appropriate resolution”. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Jong’s second affidavit at p 84.

37 Since he did not hear further from the defendant subsequently, Jong wrote
to the defendant on 17 December 2018 to request an update. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Jong’s second affidavit at p 85.

He received no response. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Jong’s second affidavit at para 22.

Consequently, on 21 December 2018, Jong wrote to the defendant to inform him
that the plaintiff would commence legal proceedings against him. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Jong’s second affidavit at p 86.

The defendant replied on the same day with an apology for the plaintiff not
receiving the originals and said “it was done”. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Jong’s second affidavit at p 87.

38 Jong sent a reminder to the defendant on 24 December 2018. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Jong’s second affidavit at p 88.

39 On 27 December 2018, the plaintiff finally received the Share Certificate,
which was numbered 2300, signed by the defendant and which stated that the
plaintiff held 86,865 preference shares. In Jong’s second affidavit, he had
exhibited a courier slip of EMS that purportedly showed that Brian Koo’s
personal assistant Lae Jang had sent the Share Certificate from San Francisco,
California, to the plaintiff’s Seoul office. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Jong’s second affidavit at p 91.

In his defence, Brian Koo denied that Lae Jang was the sender. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

2nd Defendant-in-Counterclaim’s Defence to the Counterclaim dated 8 January
2021 (“DCC”) at para 12(f).

Brian Koo pleaded that he moved to South Korea in July 2020 from California,
the United States. Hence, he could not have been the sender of the Share
Certificate. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

DCC at para 5.

It would appear that even the alleged courier slip was not genuine.

40 It should be noted at this juncture that the Share Certificate cannot be
genuine in any case, as a search in ACRA records conducted on the plaintiff’s
behalf on 7 August 2020 revealed that Honestbee had only issued 13,725
preference shares. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Jong’s second affidavit at p 126.

I find therefore that the Share Certificate was in all likelihood fabricated.

41 I should also point out that in Brian Koo’s defence to the defendant’s
counterclaim, he stated he had also received a copy of the Share Certificate
from an unknown email address but thought nothing of it, thinking it was
either sent by or on behalf of the defendant. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

DCC at para 12(b).

42 Upon receipt of the Share Certificate, Jong wrote to the defendant as well
as to Roger Koh, Honestbee’s then head of finance, to request acknowledgment
of the plaintiff as a shareholder, as well as a list of Honestbee’s
shareholders reflecting the plaintiff as a shareholder. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Jong’s second affidavit at p 89.

43 As there was no response from Honestbee for three months, the plaintiff
wrote to the defendant on 8 April 2019 to again request for the Company’s
shareholders’ list reflecting the transfer of shares to the plaintiff and that
the plaintiff is a registered shareholder. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Jong’s second affidavit at p 92.

There was no response to the plaintiff’s said letter. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Jong’s second affidavit at para 28.

44 The plaintiff wrote to the defendant and other individuals in the Company
on 15 April 2019, forwarding copies of the SPAs, remittance advices showing
the plaintiff transferred the Claim amount to the defendant as well as a
scanned copy of the defendant’s passport. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Jong’s second affidavit at pp 93–119.

There was still no response from the defendant. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Jong’s second affidavit at para 31.

45 Consequently, on 16 January 2020, the plaintiff’s solicitors sent a letter
of demand to the defendant. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Jong’s second affidavit at pp 123–124.

It drew a response from the defendant’s solicitors, who, in their letter dated
3 March 2020, denied that the defendant had signed the SPAs and contended that
the defendant did not affix his signature to either SPA. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Jong’s second affidavit at p 125.

46 The plaintiff’s response was to file this Suit and, after the defendant had
filed his D&CC, file the summary judgment application.

The defendant’s affidavits

47 In opposing the summary judgment application, the defendant in essence
blamed Brian Koo for all his ills and repeated the allegations he had levelled
against Brian Koo (and also the plaintiff) in his D&CC (set out earlier at
[25] to [26]).

48 In his fourth affidavit, the defendant went further to say that it was on
Brian Koo’s advice that he ignored the plaintiff’s emails and directed them to
Brian Koo. Brian Koo had informed him that he (Brian Koo) and the plaintiff
had other ongoing deals and they had an agreement whereby the defendant’s
shares would be returned to the defendant. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

The defendant’s fourth affidavit at para 19.

49 As against the plaintiff, the defendant denied he had executed either SPA.
61

##### Foot Note 61

×

The defendant’s fourth affidavit at para 31.

He repeated his defence against the plaintiff set out at [21] to [24] and [26]
to [28] above.

50 The defendant’s fourth affidavit listed and/or repeated the triable issues
that precluded the plaintiff from obtaining summary judgment against him as
follows:

(a) The SPAs are not authentic. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

The defendant’s fourth affidavit at para 31.

All that the plaintiff has are (i) an email from Brian Koo forwarding to the
plaintiff an email he had sent with an image of a signed page on 19 July 2018;
and (ii) an email from Brian Koo to the plaintiff with a scanned image on 9
August 2018. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

The defendant’s fourth affidavit at para 32.

(b) Contrary to what Jong stated in his second affidavit, the defendant did
not in his emails of 18 October 2018 and 21 December 2018 (or at any other
time) confirm he was aware of any obligation under the SPAs and assure the
plaintiff that he would comply with the same. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

The defendant’s fourth affidavit at para 33.

(c) If the SPAs are not authentic, the plaintiff cannot rely on the terms
therein nor can the defendant be said to be in breach of contract. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

The defendant’s fourth affidavit at para 35.

(d) Contrary to the plaintiff’s/Jong’s assertion, the defendant maintained he
was not inconsistent in contending (i) on the one hand that the SPAs are not
authentic and (ii) on the other hand in stating he had performed his
obligations thereunder. It was only in the event the court found at trial that
the SPAs are authentic, that the defendant’s alternative defence of his
compliance with the terms would apply. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

The defendant’s fourth affidavit at para 36.

(e) On the plaintiff’s alternative claim for restitution of the Claim amount
based on failure of consideration, the defendant’s defence was that of
affirmation or acquiescence by the plaintiff to the defendant’s purported
failure to perform his obligations under the SPAs. The defendant pointed out
that between 27 December 2018 (when the plaintiff acknowledged receipt of the
Share Certificate) and 15 January 2020, the plaintiff took no action against
him in regard to his alleged breach of the SPAs. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

The defendant’s fourth affidavit at para 39.

(f) The defendant has an alternative equitable defence of laches to the
plaintiff’s claim. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

The defendant’s fourth affidavit at para 40.

51 The defendant surmised that because the Shares are now worthless. the
plaintiff is taking action against him to improve its position in the
Company’s insolvency by seeking full recovery of its investment. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

The defendant’s fourth affidavit at para 40(c).

He deposed that it would be inequitable and unjust to allow the plaintiff to
recover the Claim amount as he had channelled the sum into funding the
operations of Honestbee. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

The defendant’s fourth affidavit at para 41.

This statement is untrue, as will be explained at [55] below.

52 The defendant’s fourth affidavit rehashed the allegation he levelled
against the plaintiff and Brian Koo in his D&CC on conspiracy to injure him by
lawful means. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

The defendant’s fourth affidavit at para 21(b).

It would not be necessary to repeat those allegations as the same have already
been set out at [26] above.

53 Nothing turns on Jong’s third affidavit filed on 6 October 2020 that was
filed in reply to the defendant’s allegations.

54 In his sixth affidavit, the defendant repeated the triable issues he had
listed in his fourth affidavit and his accusations against Brian Koo. He went
further in his sixth affidavit to compare his signatures in various documents
exhibited in the OSS against his purported signatures in the SPAs. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

The defendant’s sixth affidavit at para 29.

He contended that his signatures in the SPAs were different and supported his
challenge of the authenticity of the SPAs. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

The defendant’s sixth affidavit at para 30.

55 As alluded to at [51] above, the defendant was untruthful in his statement
that he ploughed the Claim amount into Honestbee. According to para 50 of his
sixth affidavit, the defendant disclosed he had utilised S$3,623,691.38 of the
Claim amount on 15 October 2018 to redeem the mortgage for his property at No
34, Jalan Jintan, Singapore 229021. He claimed he did the redemption in order
to re-mortgage his property to ValueMax for a loan of S$4m to advance to
Honestbee (for which no evidence was provided).

56 The defendant also claimed to have lent Honestbee a total of
S$6,912,524.01. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

The defendant’s sixth affidavit at para 51.

This statement is again untrue. The defendant’s HSBC bank statements (which
were heavily redacted) exhibited in his sixth affidavit showed that the
Company repaid him S$4m on 9 October 2018. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

The defendant’s sixth affidavit at p 372.

Even if he did advance S$6,912,524.01 to Honestbee, the defendant had been
repaid 58% thereof. He was much better off than the other and larger creditors
of the Company, who were unable to recover their monies in the liquidation of
Honestbee.

57 In the defendant’s sixth defendant, he dwelt at length upon the plaintiff’s
investments in the Company vis-à-vis other creditors of Honestbee. This court
does not know whether the defendant’s action was designed to confuse the
court. At best, the facts he deposed to are a distraction and at worse, they
are irrelevant.

The hearing in the court below

58 Before the AR, the defendant’s argument that he had raised triable issues
was accepted. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Certified transcript for hearing on 3 December 2020 at p 2 line 24 to p 3 line
3.

The AR was of the view that the background to the SPAs was relevant – it was
part of a larger fund-raising scheme involving Brian Koo and the defendant.
The AR felt that the background to the signing of the SPAs would be important,
given the defendant’s claim that all the monies had been channelled back to
Honestbee (which this court has already noted is untrue). The AR added that as
at the dates of the hearings before him of the summary judgment application
(on 24 November and 3 December 2020 respectively), Brian Koo had yet to file
his defence to the defendant’s counterclaim. That was not the position before
this court, as Brian Koo did file the document on 8 January 2021 before the
Appeal was heard.

59 I should point out at this juncture that Brian Koo was never an ordinary
but only a preference shareholder of Honestbee holding 3,119 preference
shares. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

DCC at para 9(b).

He was also an investor in Honestbee. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

DCC at para 9(c).

It should also be noted that the plaintiff’s direct investment of USD4m 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

See exhibit JS-6 in the defendant’s sixth affidavit, which is Brian Koo’s
affidavit filed 24 Sep 2019 in OS 981.

in Honestbee has nothing to do with this claim. The defendant conflated that
investment in Honestbee with the plaintiff’s personal claim against him in
this Suit.

60 In his defence to the defendant’s counterclaim, Brian Koo denied that he
had agreed to buy the defendant’s shares in Koosng and/or that he had issued
the PN to the defendant which authenticity he denied. He further disavowed his
signature therein. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

DCC at paras 6–8.

61 The PN supposedly dated 1 October 2018 contained inter alia the following
provisions: 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Jong’s second affidavit at p 217.

3\. [The plaintiff] has acquired in two transactions

1) 65,117 ordinary shares - July 19, 2018

2) 21,748 ordinary shares - August 9, 2018

[Alpen] has acquired in one transaction

1) 14,880 ordinary shares – August 10, 2018

[…]

6\. [The defendant] hereby acknowledges the sale of his ordinary shares to
[the plaintiff] and [Alpen] by [Brian Koo].

7\. As a follow on transaction, [Brian Koo] has structured a buy back of 100%
of [the defendant’s] ordinary shares sold by [the defendant] to [the
plaintiff] and [Alpen]. The ordinary shares will be transferred back to [the
defendant] in full.

62 Brian Koo added that the SPAs as well as the transactions between the
defendant and Alpen were not for the purpose of fund-raising for Honestbee as
the defendant claimed but for the defendant’s personal benefit. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

DCC at para 9.

In that connection, Brian Koo stated that the defendant authorised him to
structure share sale transactions with third parties on the defendant’s
behalf. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

DCC at para 9.

63 Brian Koo further disclosed that after receipt of the Claim amount, the
defendant sought to avoid his obligations under the SPAs and to conceal them
from Honestbee’s shareholders and management. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

DCC at para 12.

Brian Koo alleged that the defendant then embarked on an elaborate ruse to: 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

DCC at para 12.

(a) make Brian Koo think he had transferred the Shares to the plaintiff;

(b) deceive the plaintiff into thinking it was the holder of the Shares; and

(c) make it seem like Brian Koo had the obligation to ensure that the
transfers for the Shares were registered in the plaintiff’s name.

64 Brian Koo alleged that the defendant needed to conceal the SPAs from
Honestbee’s shareholders because the Shareholders’ Agreement between the
Company’s shareholders inter se contained certain rights of first refusal as
well as tag-along rights for the defendant’s fellow shareholders. The
defendant could not sell the Shares to the plaintiff without first offering
them to Honestbee’s existing shareholders. Moreover, the shareholders could
also offer to sell their shares to the plaintiff based on the tag along
rights. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

DCC at para 12(a)(i).

65 Although the defendant made no reference to it at all, the court surmises
that the reason for the defendant’s attempt to disavow and renege on the SPAs
even though he received the Claim amount is to be found in a clause in the PN
(which Brian Koo denied signing) headed “Expiration” and which states: 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

Jong’s second affidavit at p 218.

This note will expire on 1 October 2021 and if [Brian Koo] fails to make full
payment in the return of the ordinary shares due under this note within 7
calendar days, [Brian Koo] agrees to pay back [the defendant] full value of
the shares at the convertible note valuation of US$330m.

66 As part of his submissions at the Appeal, counsel for the defendant pointed
out that there was no due diligence done prior to the execution of the two
SPAs and there was a complete lack of interaction between the plaintiff and
the defendant. Counsel argued that these in themselves gave rise to triable
issues and the defendant was entitled to avail himself of the processes of
discovery, interrogatories and cross-examination to resolve the factual
disputes. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

Certified transcript for hearing on 13 January 2021 at p 16 lines 16–21.

With respect, it is of no concern to the defendant and it certainly does not
give rise to a triable issue, that the plaintiff was prepared to take the risk
of buying the Shares and parting with USD5.1m without undertaking the standard
due diligence exercise. Further, why was there a need for interaction between
the parties when the defendant had expressly appointed Brian Koo as his
fundraising agent?

67 In the euphoria created by Honestbee’s rapid (and successful) expansion in
its early days, the defendant (and perhaps Brian Koo as well) held an overly
optimistic (and I dare say unrealistic) view of the Company’s prospects and
its valuation. If indeed Honestbee was worth USD330m as stated in the PN, one
can understand the defendant’s reluctance to part with 86,865 shares by
selling them to the plaintiff for USD5.1m unless there was a buy-back
arrangement with Brian Koo (which the defendant pleaded there was). The search
from ACRA (see [40] above) showed that Honestbee had issued 311,863 ordinary
shares. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

Jong’s second affidavit at p 126.

A valuation of USD330m for Honestbee equated to a value of USD1,058.16 per
share (USD330m ÷ 311,863) or USD91,916,803.21 for 86,865 shares. That meant
that the plaintiff had apparently purchased 86,865 shares for a song at
USD58.71 per share (USD5,100,000.00 ÷ 86,865).

The Appeal

The plaintiff’s submissions

68 The plaintiff submitted that none of the defences raised by the defendant
had any merit. The plaintiff pointed out that until February 2020, the
defendant had not disputed the authenticity of the SPAs despite receiving
copies of the same from the plaintiff and Honestbee on three separate
occasions. Instead, by his conduct, the defendant had ratified the SPAs. The
defendant had admitted receiving the Claim amount from the plaintiff and he
did not at any time suggest that the sum was received on any basis other than
under the two SPAs. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions dated 8 January 2021 (“PWS”) at para 4.

69 The plaintiff further submitted that the defendant must also satisfy the
court that his evidence is reasonably capable of belief. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

PWS at para 36.

A mere assertion in an affidavit of a given situation does not ipso facto
provide leave to defend. Equally, it is not sufficient for the defendant to
show a mere logical possibility. He must adduce some evidence, direct or
indirect, to support his bare assertions. If the defence is found not to be
credible after having regard to its consistency with contemporaneous
documents, its inherent plausibility, and other compelling evidence, the court
will not deprive the plaintiff of its entitlement to summary judgment: Kim
Seng Orchard Pte Ltd v Lim Kah Hin (trading as Yik Zhuan Orchid Garden) [2018]
3 SLR 34 at [37].

70 The court will return to the plaintiff’s submissions later.

The defendant’s submissions

71 The defendant argued that the SPAs cannot be viewed in vacuo and must
instead be considered against the backdrop of Brian Koo’s role in structuring
fundraising exercises for Honestbee of which the SPAs were a part. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

Defendant’s written submissions dated 7 January 2021 (“DWS”) at para 7.

72 The defendant reiterated that he did not have sight of the SPAs prior to
execution, was only notified of the completion of the transactions after the
SPAs had been executed and he did not affix his signature to the two
documents. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

DWS at para 13.

He claimed that he had adduced undisputed evidence to demonstrate that the
signatures found on the SPAs are different from his signatures on other
documents (see [54] above). 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

DWS at para 19.

As the defendant’ various signatures did not look any different to the court
without expert evidence, this argument did not advance the defendant’s case.

73 The defendant added (which argument the AR apparently accepted) that what
transpired between Brian Koo and him gave rise to triable issues. This court
disagrees (see [81]–[82] below).

74 In answer to the AR’s question at the hearing below, 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

Certified transcript for hearing on 24 November 2020 at p 6 line 28.

counsel for the defendant confirmed that the defendant did not deny receiving
the Claim amount from the plaintiff but “his case is that the funds were
transferred back to Honestbee as part of fund-raising exercise”. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

Certified transcript for hearing on 24 November 2020 at p 6 line 30.

When the AR further inquired of counsel if the plaintiff is entitled to a full
refund, the latter’s response was “the plaintiff is not entitled to a full
refund or any refund at all”, 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

Certified transcript for hearing on 24 November 2020 at p 7 lines 1–5.

an answer this court finds to be devoid of any merit.

75 The defendant repeated the equitable defences of acquiescence and laches in
his submissions. He added that he had a counterclaim against the plaintiff and
Brian Koo which in a nutshell, was founded on conspiracy.

76 Notwithstanding that the SPAs are in writing, counsel for the defendant
submitted at the Appeal hearing that the plaintiff must prove what the terms
of the agreements are. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

Certified transcript of hearing on 13 January 2021 at p 16 lines 8–9.

This court does not accept the submission.

The law

77 Before going into the reasons for the court’s ruling, it would be useful to
revisit the law on summary judgment. Order 14 r 1 of the Rules of Court
states:

1. Where a statement of claim has been served on a defendant and that defendant has served a defence to the statement of claim, the plaintiff may, on the ground that that defendant has no defence to a claim included in the writ, or to a particular part of such a claim, or has no defence to such a claim or part except as to the amount of any damages claimed, apply to the Court for judgment against that defendant.  
---  
  
78 As the plaintiff correctly pointed out, 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

PWS at para 35.

once the plaintiff establishes a prima facie case for summary judgment, the
burden is on the defendant to satisfy the court that he has a reasonable
probability of showing a real or bona fide defence, or that there are triable
issues in relation to the identified issues (see Ritzland Investment Pte Ltd v
Grace Management & Consultancy Services Pte Ltd [2014] 2 SLR 1342 at
[43]–[44]).

The decision

79 It is to be first noted that Brian Koo’s defence to the defendant’s
counterclaim supported the plaintiff’s version of events leading to the
signing of the SPAs.

80 The plaintiff’s case is straightforward – it wanted to be refunded the
Claim amount due to a total failure of consideration as the defendant did not
transfer to the plaintiff the Shares that it paid for. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

SOC at para 22.

It is settled law that “[f]ailure of consideration occurs when one party has
not enjoyed the benefit of any part of what it bargained for. In the
determination of this question, one has to judge it from the perspective of
the payor plaintiff … For a plaintiff to succeed in a claim for a refund there
must be a total failure of consideration” (per Chao Hick Tin JA in Ooi Ching
Ling v Just Gems [2003] 1 SLR(R) 14 at [43]–[44]; emphasis original). It can
hardly be disputed that in this case, the plaintiff received nothing in return
from the defendant for its payment to him of the Claim amount.

81 It appeared to this court that the defendant and the AR conflated the
plaintiff’s claim with the alleged fundraising exercise for Honestbee (which
Brian Koo refuted in any case) and other matters extraneous to the plaintiff’s
claim. Any fundraising arrangement/agreement between Brian Koo and the
defendant is a red herring. The plaintiff was not involved in Brian Koo’s
dealings with the defendant. Any dispute arising therefrom including the PN
and the defendant’s counterclaim against Brian Koo, can go to trial but it has
no relevance to the plaintiff’s claim. The court therefore does not accept the
defendant’s argument that there are factual disputes surrounding the
plaintiff’s claim. The factual disputes if any were between Brian Koo and the
defendant. What then are the triable issues between the plaintiff and the
defendant? The court can see none.

82 Courts should take a robust approach when considering summary judgment
applications (per GP Selvam J in Hua Khian Ceramics Tiles Supplies Pte Ltd v
Torie Construction Pte Ltd [1992] 1 SLR 884 (“Hua Khian”) at [21]–[22]). This
court agrees and adopts the approach here. Instead of being distracted by the
defendant’s irrelevant facts and arguments, this court separated the wheat
from the chaff to determine the plaintiff’s claim based on relevant and
undisputed facts. In this regard, there are major flaws in the defendant’s
case which are set out below at [88]. Hence, this court saw no triable issues
that warranted this Suit going to trial.

83 The court in Hua Khian had also said (at [23]):

… If there is no defence to a claim other than a plausible counterclaim then
judgment must be entered on the claim and the cross-claim should proceed to
trial with a stay of execution so that the defendant is not unjustly injured.

The above comment is equally pertinent here since the defendant joined Brian
Koo to this suit.

84 The defendant’s denial of the authenticity of the SPAs does not sit well
with the facts that were extracted from the documents exhibited or
affirmations made in the five affidavits referred to at [30].

85 First, as the plaintiff said in its submissions, 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

Certified transcript for hearing on 13 January 2021 at p 9 lines 10–18.

the defendant’s alternative defence to the plaintiff’s claim (that he had
fulfilled his obligations under the SPAs) is diametrically opposite to his
primary defence that he did not sign the SPAs. His alternative defence is
unsustainable. The defendant cannot on the one hand deny signing the SPAs and
in the next breath contend that he performed his obligations thereunder. It
has to be one or the other, not both. He cannot, as the plaintiff pointed out,
hedge his bets.

86 Brian Koo’s defence as well as the emails exhibited in Jong’s second
affidavit showed the likely sequence of events to be as follows:

(a) The defendant authorised Brian Koo as his agent to source for a buyer
urgently for his shares in Honestbee. The defendant was in urgent need of
funds, having borrowed money from a moneylender at a very high interest rate;

(b) Brian Koo found a buyer for the defendant’s shares in the plaintiff;

(c) The SPAs were executed in a hurry to accommodate the defendant’s urgent
need for funds;

(d) The defendant authorised Brian Koo to execute the SPAs on his behalf but
Brian Koo forwarded soft copies of the SPAs to the defendant to execute
instead. The defendant emailed to Brian Koo the execution pages of both
documents that he had signed which Brian Koo then forwarded in turn to the
plaintiff. The defendant has not denied the relevant emails.

(e) Having received the Claim amount, the defendant deliberately refused
and/or failed to comply with cl 3 of the SPAs (see [12] above) to effect a
transfer of the Shares to the plaintiff because he knew (although the
plaintiff did not) that there were transfer restrictions in the shareholders’
agreement(see [64] above).

87 Even if arguendo, this court erred in its above surmise of how events
transpired, Brian Koo was the defendant’s fundraising agent, by the
defendant’s own admission. As such, Brian Koo was authorised to act for the
defendant in any event.

88 The court notes that the defendant blamed Brian Koo for not registering the
share transfers under the SPAs. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

D&CC at paras 38 and 41.

However (as was pointed out in the plaintiff’s submissions 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

PWS at para 53.

), this is a self-serving argument. The defendant was himself the CEO of
Honestbee from July 2018 to May 2019 when the Company was not in any financial
trouble (as reflected in Honestbee’s repayment to the defendant of S$4m of his
loan(s) in October 2018 (see [56] above)). Brian Koo by contrast was only the
interim CEO of Honestbee from 2 May 2019 to 15 July 2019 before Ong took over.
Further, Brian Koo was a director of Honestbee for four months between 2 May
2019 and 12 September 2018. He was however a creditor of the Company for
SGD24,104,214.90 (USD17,854,974) representing 8.28% of the secured and
unsecured debts of the Company.

89 Given Brian Koo’s short tenure as CEO of Honestbee as compared with the
defendant’s, the court is mystified by the defendant’s self-righteous and
unreasonable contention that Brian Koo, not him, had the duty/responsibility
to ensure the defendant transferred the Shares to the plaintiff. Why did the
defendant himself not effect the transfer(s) during his (longer) tenure as
CEO? In any case, no transfers could have taken place as the defendant did not
obtain the consent of his fellow shareholders to waive in favour of the
plaintiff, their first right of refusal to buy the Shares. Even if he wanted
to, Brian Koo could not have arranged for the transfer of the Shares without
the approval of the other shareholders.

90 At this juncture, I need to digress. The defendant had in his D&CC claimed
that:

(a) he was only notified of the completion of the transactions after the July
and August SPA had been executed; 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

D&CC at para 5(a)(iii).

(b) he had performed his obligations as stipulated in cl 3.2 of the July and
August SPA by notifying and requesting Honestbee to register the share
transfers; 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

D&CC at para 11.

and

(c) Brian Koo “caused Honestbee to ignore purported requests [of] [the
plaintiff] to register the share transfers”. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

D&CC at para 41(a).

Yet when requested by the plaintiff to provide Further and Better Particulars
(“F&BP”) of the above allegations, the defendant was unable to do so.

91 This court was of the view that the defendant’s denial of signing the SPAs
is unsustainable for the following reasons:

(a) He did not disavow the Share Certificate (noted to be fabricated at [40]
above); indeed, his silence is telling. The defendant’s signature appears on
the document. Although the document is not authentic, it referred to the
number of shares the plaintiff purchased under the two SPAs.

(b) Prior to his solicitors’ letter dated 3 March 2020, the defendant did not
at any time deny he had signed the SPAs despite receiving numerous
requests/reminders between September and December 2018 from the plaintiff to
comply with cl 3 thereof.

(c) Clause 3 of the PN (see [61] above) states:

3\. [The plaintiff] has acquired in two transactions

1) 65,117 ordinary shares - July 19, 2018

2) 21,748 ordinary shares - August 9, 2018

It therefore does not lie in the defendant’s mouth to deny execution of the
SPAs when the Share Certificate (albeit fabricated) refers to the number of
shares the plaintiff purchased as does the PN upon which he relies. Further,
the PN refers to the SPAs.

92 Moreover, in his fourth affidavit, the defendant exhibited his email dated
22 May 2019 to Heidi Jon Jagoda, the senior legal counsel of Honestbee wherein
he stated: 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

The defendant’s fourth affidavit at p 32.

[…]

Heidi,

As part of my rights as a former director and a major shareholder, I will also
like to receive a copy of

1) shareholders agreement;

2) the documentation for my share sale to Alpen Route;

3) the documentation for my share sale to ds

4) the updated cap table

[…]

[emphasis added]

The reference to “ds” in (c) above can only be to the plaintiff. Yet the
defendant came to court disclaiming knowledge and signing of the SPAs. At the
same time, he had pleaded inconsistently that he had performed his obligations
under the SPAs. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

D&CC at para 11.

93 It bears remembering that Brian Koo had denied signing the PN. In the
absence of any explanation from the defendant, the court can only assume that
the document emanated from the defendant. Other than the defendant’s bare
assertion, he did not produce an iota of evidence (including emails) that
would support his contention that Brian Koo not only knew of, but also signed,
the PN. The court’s doubts on the authenticity of the PN is reinforced by the
defendant’s refusal or inability to produce the original document when the
plaintiff requested its inspection a year ago (see [98] below. That said, the
PN is a document that has nothing to do with the plaintiff’s claim.

94 The defendant had raised the defences of affirmation and/or acquiescence to
the plaintiff’s claim. These defences are wholly unmeritorious. Citing
Genelabs Diagnostics Pte Ltd v Institut Pasteur and another [2000] 3 SLR(R)
530 (“Genelabs”) at [78], the plaintiff submitted (which this court accepts)
that in order to be able to invoke the doctrine, the defendant must show that
the plaintiff had stood by in such a manner as to induce the person committing
the act (ie the defendant) and who might otherwise have abstained from it, to
believe that the plaintiff consented to it being committed. The emails in
Jong’s second affidavit showed that the plaintiff repeatedly pressed the
defendant for the share certificates for the Shares, conduct which is
inconsistent with the plea of acquiescence.

95 Moreover, the defendant must – but failed to – show that his position had
changed on account of the acquiescence (see Genelabs at [78]). Here, as in Koh
Wee Meng v Trans Eurokars Pte Ltd [2014] 3 SLR 663, the plaintiff never
indicated to the defendant that it would not enforce its rights.

96 The defendant had also argued that the plaintiff’s silence (between
December 2018 and January 2020) and failure to sue constituted acquiescence.
The short answer to this argument is that at law, mere silence is not
tantamount to acquiescence. “To succeed in the defence, the defendant must
prove that the plaintiff, by ‘standing by’, has made some representation or
given some indication to the defendant that he does not intend to insist on
his legal rights” (per Vincent Hoong J in Eller, Urs v Cheong Kiat Wah [2020]
SGHC 106 at [106]).

97 If the defendant’s defences of affirmation and/or acquiescence are not made
out, what more his other defence of laches?

98 In the course of the Appeal hearing, the court was informed that on 25 June
2020, the plaintiff requested inspection from the defendant of eight (8)
documents he had referred to in his D&CC filed on 22 June 2020, including the
PN. As at the date of the hearing of the Appeal, those documents were not
produced by the defendant. The defendant’s omission was telling – the
plaintiff’s request related to the defendant’s own pleaded case set out at
[25] above.

99 Although this court has dismissed the PN as being irrelevant to the
plaintiff’s claim (at [93] above), it should be noted that the defendant’s
refusal or inability to produce the PN is another damning factor. It can only
lead one to surmise that the PN never existed as Brian Koo asserted in his
defence to the defendant’s counterclaim. What the defendant probably did was
to copy and paste Brian Koo’s signature from documents in his possession onto
the alleged PN. The defendant can do that with the soft copy of a document
sent via email. He cannot paste a signature onto the hard copy of an unsigned
document.

100 As alluded to at [90] above, it is telling that the defendant is unable to
provide any F&BP of his pleadings and of his counterclaim on conspiracy, even
when ordered by the court.

101 I had at [51] above referred to the defendant’s surmise that because the
Shares are now worthless, the plaintiff is taking action against him to
improve its position in the Company’s insolvency. The court finds that the
position is the reverse. Because Honestbee (prior to its liquidation) was
not/never worth USD330m or anywhere near that valuation, the defendant’s
dreams of perhaps becoming a Jack Ma (of e-commerce giant Alibaba) never came
to fruition, Having expended the Claim amount and realised his shares in
Honestbee are now worthless, the defendant decided to dispute liability under
the SPAs and conjured up unmeritorious defences to the plaintiff’s claim.

102 This court would add that the defendant’s counterclaim is unsustainable as
the requirements of a conspiracy to injure are not satisfied. However, it is
unnecessary to address the counterclaim as it was not part of the Appeal
before this court. Equally, this court does not see the need to deal with the
plaintiff’s other submissions over and above those already referred to
earlier.

103 It was clear to this court that the defendant had not raised any triable
issues that warranted the plaintiff’s claim going to trial. Hence, final
judgment was awarded to the plaintiff with interest and costs.

Lai Siu Chiu

Senior Judge

Nandakumar Ponniya Servai and Danitza Hon Cai Xia (Wong & Leow LLC) for the
plaintiff and first defendant in counterclaim;

Yeo Lai Hock Nichol and Qua Bi Qi (Solitaire LLP) for the defendant and
plaintiff in counterclaim;

Teo Jia Hui Veronica (Focus Law Asia LLC) for the second defendant in
counterclaim (watching brief).

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 02 Jul 2021 (10:12 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

