Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the COURT OF APPEAL of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGCA 118

Criminal Motion No 27 of 2021

Between

Murugesan a/l Arumugam  
---  
  
… Applicant

And

Public Prosecutor  
---  
  
… Respondent

Judgment

[Criminal Law] — [Statutory offences] — [Misuse of Drugs Act]

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Criminal review] — [Convicted person
applying for leave to make review application]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections to be approved by the
court and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the
law, for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Murugesan a/l Arumugam

  
v

  

Public Prosecutor

[2021] SGCA 118

Court of Appeal — Criminal Motion No 27 of 2021  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JCA  
19 November 2021

28 December 2021

Andrew Phang Boon Leong JCA:

Introduction

1 This is a review application brought under s 394H of the Criminal Procedure
Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed) (“CPC”). The Applicant pleaded guilty to and was
convicted on one charge of trafficking in not less than 14.99g of diamorphine
under s 5(1)(a) of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed) (“MDA”). He
was sentenced to 25 years’ imprisonment and 15 strokes of the cane by the High
Court judge (“the Judge”) on 29 September 2020 (see Public Prosecutor v
Murugesan a/l Arumugam [2020] SGHC 203). On appeal, he challenged only his
sentence claiming that it was manifestly excessive. The Court of Appeal
dismissed his appeal in CA/CCA 23/2020 (“CCA 23”) on 6 April 2021, affirming
the sentence imposed by the Judge (see Murugesan a/l Arumugam v Public
Prosecutor [2021] SGCA 32).

2 He now claims that he had never been guilty in the first place. He claims
that he was pressured into pleading guilty by his former counsel, and claims
that they had conspired with the Prosecution to “make [him] take the [plead
guilty] offer”. Besides being bare assertions, the Applicant’s claims fall far
short of the high threshold for a review under s 394H of the CPC.

3 Section 394H(7) of the CPC provides that the court may dismiss summarily an
application for leave to make a review application. Before the court does
this, it must consider the applicant’s written submissions (if any) and may,
but is not required to, consider the Prosecution’s written submissions (if
any) (see s 394H(8) of the CPC). In this case, I have considered the
affidavits of the Applicant’s former counsel, and the submissions tendered by
the Applicant as well as the Prosecution. I conclude that the Applicant has
failed to show a legitimate basis for the court to review his appeal in CCA
23. There has clearly been no miscarriage of justice. Pursuant to s 394H(5) of
the CPC, the Court of Appeal extended the period within which a leave
application must be fixed for hearing. The period was extended to 28 January
2022, and this was conveyed to parties in a letter dated 20 September 2021. I
dismiss this criminal motion summarily without setting it down for hearing for
the reasons that follow. However, before proceeding to do so, I set out
briefly the facts and earlier proceedings.

Facts and earlier proceedings

Background to the dispute

4 These were the facts in the Statement of Facts which the Applicant accepted
without qualification when his plea of guilt was taken. On 24 March 2016, at
about 12.10pm, the Applicant rode a motorcycle bearing license plate number
JQR 5667 (“the Bike”) into the HDB carpark located at Lengkong Tiga.
Separately, about ten minutes later, a co-accused person name Ansari,
accompanied by his girlfriend Bella, entered the same HDB car park in a car
driven by one Jufri (“the Car”). Ansari and Bella met the Applicant at the
void deck of Block 106 of Lengkong Tiga, where they received two packets from
the Applicant in exchange for $5,880. At about 12.25pm, the Central Narcotics
Bureau (“CNB”) officers arrested all four individuals, namely, the Applicant,
Ansari, Bella and Jufri.

5 When the CNB officers conducted their searches, they found two things:
first, a dark blue sling bag in the front basket of the Bike, containing
$5,880; and second, a white plastic bag containing two plastic packets of
brown granular substance on the floorboard under the front passenger seat of
the Car. Analysis later revealed that the two packets contained, respectively,
457.7g of granular powdery substance containing not less than 20.51g of
diamorphine; and 457.5g of granular powdery substance containing not less than
19.17g of diamorphine.

6 The Applicant later admitted to collecting illicit drugs from an Indian man
at Jurong Bird Park on the instructions of one “Ismail”. He also admitted to
having taken instructions to pass the collected drugs to a Malay man – who
turned out to be Ansari – at Block 106 Lengkong Tiga. The Applicant was
promised RM500 for delivering “a packet or two”.

Earlier proceedings

7 For present purposes, there are three key facts in relation to the earlier
proceedings:

(a) At no point in any of the earlier proceedings did the Applicant indicate
any dissatisfaction with his former counsel (Mr Chia Soo, Michael (“Mr Chia”)
and Mr Sankar s/o Kailasa Thevar Saminathan (“Mr Saminathan”), respectively).
If anything, he specifically requested for Mr Chia to represent him again at
the appeal stage, and thanked Mr Chia for being a “great counsel and a great
listener”. The Applicant further acknowledged that Mr Chia had been
“diligen[t] in [his] work when [he was] still [the Applicant’s] counsel”.

(b) His plea of guilt was an informed and considered decision. He took time to
consider the plea offer before indicating that he would plead guilty on 31
March 2020. From 31 March 2020 to the plead guilty mention on 25 June 2020,
the Applicant had a further three months to reconsider his decision to plead
guilty. At the plead guilty mention itself, (i) the charge was read and
explained to the Applicant in Tamil, (ii) the Applicant confirmed that he
understood the nature and consequences of his plea, (iii) the Applicant
admitted to the statement of facts without qualification, and (iv) the Judge
obtained counsel’s confirmation that the Applicant both intended to plead
guilty and that he intended to admit to the statement of facts without
qualification. It also bears noting that the Applicant had also mulled over
his draft mitigation plea and had, in fact, made changes to it.

(c) He was given an opportunity to clarify on appeal as to whether he was
contesting his conviction. This was given the nature of his submissions which
included a claim that he had no knowledge the drugs in his possession. He
clarified that he was contesting only his sentence and the appeal therefore
proceeded on that basis.

Applicable legal principles

8 This is an application under s 394H of the CPC and the applicable principles
relating to the court’s power of review are found in ss 394J(2)–(7) of the
CPC:

Requirements for exercise of power of review under this Division

…

(2) The applicant in a review application must satisfy the appellate court
that there is sufficient material (being evidence or legal arguments) on which
the appellate court may conclude that there has been a miscarriage of justice
in the criminal matter in respect of which the earlier decision was made.

(3) For the purposes of subsection (2), in order for any material to be
“sufficient”, that material must satisfy all of the following requirements:

(a) before the filing of the application for leave to make the review
application, the material has not been canvassed at any stage of the
proceedings in the criminal matter in respect of which the earlier decision
was made;

(b) even with reasonable diligence, the material could not have been adduced
in court earlier;

(c) the material is compelling, in that the material is reliable, substantial,
powerfully probative, and capable of showing almost conclusively that there
has been a miscarriage of justice in the criminal matter in respect of which
the earlier decision was made.

(4) For the purposes of subsection (2), in order for any material consisting
of legal arguments to be “sufficient”, that material must, in addition to
satisfying all of the requirements in subsection (3), be based on a change in
the law that arose from any decision made by a court after the conclusion of
all proceedings relating to the criminal matter in respect of which the
earlier decision was made.

(5) For the purposes of subsection (2), the appellate court may conclude that
there has been a miscarriage of justice in the criminal matter in respect of
which the earlier decision was made, only if —

(a) the earlier decision (being a decision on conviction or sentence) is
demonstrably wrong; or

(b) the earlier decision is tainted by fraud or a breach of the rules of
natural justice, such that the integrity of the judicial process is
compromised.

(6) For the purposes of subsection (5)(a), in order for an earlier decision on
conviction to be “demonstrably wrong” —

(a) it is not sufficient that there is a real possibility that the earlier
decision is wrong; and

(b) it must be apparent, based only on the evidence tendered in support of the
review application and without any further inquiry, that there is a powerful
probability that the earlier decision is wrong.

(7) For the purposes of subsection (5)(a), in order for an earlier decision on
sentence to be “demonstrably wrong”, it must be shown that the decision was
based on a fundamental misapprehension of the law or the facts, thereby
resulting in a decision that is blatantly wrong on the face of the record.

9 If an application for leave fails to meet any of the cumulative requirements
above (as set out in s 394J(3) of the CPC and, in respect of new legal
arguments, the additional requirement in s 394J(4) of the CPC), leave will not
be granted. This point has been stressed repeatedly in recent cases: see, for
example, Kreetharan s/o Kathireson v Public Prosecutor and other matters
[2020] 2 SLR 1175 at [18]; Moad Fadzir bin Mustaffa v Public Prosecutor [2020]
2 SLR 1364 at [10]; Syed Suhail bin Syed Zin v Public Prosecutor [2021] 1 SLR
159 at [18]; Chander Kumar a/l Jayagaran v Public Prosecutor [2021] SGCA 3 at
[14]; Sinnappan a/l Nadarajah v Public Prosecutor [2021] SGCA 10 at [12];
Karthik Jasudass and another v Public Prosecutor [2021] SGCA 13 at [16];
Datchinamurthy a/l Kataiah v Public Prosecutor [2021] SGCA 30 at [23];
Mohammad Yusof bin Jantan v Public Prosecutor [2021] SGHC 82 at [18]; Nazeri
bin Lajim v Public Prosecutor [2021] SGCA 41 at [12] (“Nazeri”); Mohammad
Farid bin Batra v Public Prosecutor [2021] SGCA 58 at [14]–[15]; as well as
Rahmat bin Karimon v Public Prosecutor [2021] 2 SLR 860 at [15]–[16].

10 This case also involves allegations of inadequate legal assistance. The
relevant legal principles were set out by the Court of Appeal in Mohammad
Farid bin Batra v Public Prosecutor and another appeal and other matters
[2020] 1 SLR 907 (“Farid”) at [134] as a two-step approach (see also Nazeri at
[27]):

(a) first, the counsel’s conduct of the case is assessed; and

(b) second, the court assesses whether that conduct affected the outcome of
the case, in that it resulted in a miscarriage of justice.

11 The court in Farid also set out three overarching policy concerns that
would typically affect how the above test is applied:

(a) the concern that too liberal a construction of inadequate legal assistance
may result in penalising even legitimate/strategic decisions and stifling the
professional latitude accorded to lawyers in exercise of their duties. It must
be shown “that the trial counsel’s conduct of the case fell so clearly below
an objective standard of what a reasonable counsel would have done or would
not have done in the particular circumstances of the case that the conduct
could be fairly described as flagrant or egregious incompetence or
indifference. In other words, the incompetence must be stark and glaring” (at
[135]);

(b) the concern that such processes may be abused through incessant and
unmeritorious applications/complaints (at [136]); and

(c) natural justice, which requires that the accused’s counsel should be given
notice of the case to meet, and an opportunity to respond to these
allegations. This is ordinarily achieved by the client waiving his solicitor-
client privilege in relation to the instructions, discussions and advice
between him and that counsel (at [137]).

12 This examination (of the former counsel’s conduct) would ordinarily take
place at the final step of the s 394J CPC analysis, namely when the court is
evaluating whether the new material suggests that there has been a miscarriage
of justice. In accordance with this court’s observations in Farid (at [137])
and s 392 of the CPC, additional evidence may be taken on the question of
whether the allegations about the former counsel were justified and what
effect, if any, the additional evidence has on the decision being reviewed. To
ensure that counsel has a full opportunity to present his side of the story,
the accused person must confirm that he is waiving his solicitor-client
privilege in relation to the instructions, discussions and advice between him
and that counsel (see Farid at [137]). In the present instance, the
Prosecution requested for directions to be made for the solicitor-client
privilege between the Applicant and his counsel to be waived in a letter dated
16 September 2021. Such directions were granted on 20 September 2021 and the
Applicant accordingly granted the waiver on 23 September 2021. Mr Chia’s and
Mr Saminathan’s affidavits were filed on 8 October 2021.

My decision

13 In my view, the application fails for three reasons. First, the material is
not “sufficient” in that it could have been adduced in court earlier and is
not compelling (see s 394J(3) of the CPC); second, the material is not
“sufficient” in that it is not based on a change in the law (see s 394J(4) of
the CPC); and finally, there has been no proof of any miscarriage of justice
(see ss 394J(5) and 394J(6) of the CPC).

14 Before I embark on the analysis proper, the Applicant’s allegations should
be clarified. He makes three main claims: first, that his former counsel had
pressured him into pleading guilty; second, that his former counsel had
conspired with the Prosecution to get him to plead guilty; and third, that his
former counsel refused to fight for a retrial on appeal.

Section 394J(3) of the CPC – whether the material could have been raised
earlier and whether the material was compelling

15 Admittedly, the material is a new legal argument in that this is the first
time that the court is hearing of these allegations of impropriety against the
Applicant’s former counsel. However, these were concerns (assuming that they
are valid and bona fide) that the Applicant could easily have raised at any
earlier stage of the proceedings. They could have been raised:

(a) between 31 March 2020 (when the offer was accepted by the Applicant) and
25 June 2020 (when his plea of guilt was taken),

(b) during the plead guilty mention itself on 25 June 2020, or

(c) during the appeal itself on 6 April 2021.

16 More importantly, the examples and explanations that he points to in his
affidavit/submission are simply not instances of a lawyer coercing his client
to plead guilty. The Applicant says that his lawyer “kept on saying [the plead
guilty] offer [was] a good one”. He says that his lawyers described his
chances at trial as “very slim and hard”. He calls this a “trap”. That is
plainly not true. This was simply just an ordinary instance of a lawyer
explaining to his client his legal position. The Applicant says that his
lawyers “took turn[s] asking [him] to grab the offer”, telling him that “there
[was] no guarantee [that he] would be given the [Certificate of Cooperation]
to spare [his] life if [he lost his] case”. He says that he received “no
assurance from the lawyer”. All this, he says, contributed to “pressure”. But
again, this was simply evidence of the lawyers doing their job. They were
advising him of the best course of action given the state of the evidence. No
lawyer makes promises (if only out of professional prudence) and every accused
person will naturally feel some pressure. The Applicant was no doubt under a
lot of pressure. But that was not of his lawyers’ making. The difficulty here
is not with Mr Chia or Mr Saminathan. The problem is that the Applicant had
already made various incriminating admissions in his earlier statements and,
realistically speaking, his chances at trial were slim. All the lawyers did
was convey their legal assessment of that fact.

17 Even taking the Applicant’s case at its highest, that his lawyers had used
emotionally manipulative language to convince him to take the plea (which we
ought to emphasise was not borne out on the facts as we have just stated), the
facts suggest that the Applicant was still very much in control of his case.
In fact, the Applicant instructed his lawyers to send four sets of
representations to the Attorney-General’s Chambers (“AGC”), seeking a
reduction in the charge and/or a certificate of substantive assistance, all of
which Mr Chia and Mr Saminathan dutifully complied with. The Applicant was far
from being at the mercy of his lawyers, and far from browbeaten into
submission. He wrestled till the very end, going so far as to stand trial for
nine days before finally pleading guilty after the first tranche of hearings.
The facts do not show him to be the helpless victim he claims that he is. He
was simply attempting to obtain the best possible deal for himself.

18 His arguments are even less convincing given that he has not pointed to one
piece of evidence that supports his narrative. In contrast, Mr Chia has
produced voluminous correspondence between him and the Applicant, as well as
evidence of the representations which he made to the Prosecution on the
Applicant’s instructions. In the circumstances, it is difficult to see how any
of the bare assertions in the Applicant’s affidavit/submissions are credible
criticisms of his former counsel’s conduct, much less compelling ones.

Section 394J(4) of the CPC – whether application based on change of law

19 Moreover, the Applicant has not pointed to any change of law that
undergirds his s 394H application. To reiterate, the application must be based
on “based on a change in the law that arose from any decision made by a court
after the conclusion of all proceedings relating to the criminal matter in
respect of which the earlier decision was made” (see s 394J(4) of the CPC).
This was patently not the case here.

Section 394J(5) of the CPC – whether there was a miscarriage of justice

20 Even assuming that all the above-mentioned requirements are fulfilled, the
Applicant’s claims simply do not suggest that there has been a miscarriage of
justice.

21 Some of his claims plainly have nothing to do with justice or fairness. He
complains, for example, of Mr Chia refusing to fight for a retrial on appeal.
Mr Chia refused, as he was perfectly entitled to. But more importantly, Mr
Chia refused for good reason. He thought that the sentence awarded was not
manifestly excessive and simply could not bring himself to seek a retrial on
appeal when he had acted for the Applicant during the plead guilty mention. It
beggars belief how this could be an example of conduct that led to a
miscarriage of justice.

22 The Applicant’s other claims are outrageous accusations, without any
supporting reasons or evidence. All the Applicant proffers is speculation and
hypothesis. His theory that Mr Chia conspired with the Prosecution to secure
his plea of guilt, for example, is based entirely on one suspicion: “the paper
work to take the offer has [sic] been prepared and ready even before Mr
Michael Chia convinced me to take the offer. To me all of this is
premeditated”. This assertion, being absurdly speculative on its face and
completely unsubstantiated, cannot, in my view, be accepted.

23 What makes all of the Applicant’s claims even more unbelievable is that Mr
Chia and Mr Saminathan stood to gain nothing from pressuring the Applicant
into pleading guilty. They were lawyers volunteering their time and efforts
under the Legal Assistance Scheme for Capital Offences. In the circumstances,
I fail to see how there could have been a miscarriage of justice on the
present facts. If anything, the Court of Appeal’s warnings in Farid (at [136])
are particularly apposite here: this appears to be some form of abuse of
process, with a plainly unmeritorious application brought, casting wild
aspersions on the Applicant’s former counsel. Indeed, there is at least a
serious doubt about the Applicant’s bona fides in this application. As the
Prosecution points out in their submissions, the entire body of the
Applicant’s correspondence with the AGC prior to trial (and conviction)
centred around asking the Prosecution to reduce the charge. There was no
mention of him being innocent (as he now claims), no suggestion that he was
hapless (as he now says), and no sign that he was genuinely confused by the
criminal charges (as he now avers). He has consistently sought only one thing
– a lower sentence. And the present application seems to be no different.

24 Indeed, the Applicant was accorded procedural fairness at every stage of
the proceedings. Pre-trial, he was represented by counsel who consistently
took and executed his instructions (as he himself acknowledged in his
submissions), resulting in four separate representations being made to the
Prosecution. He continued to be represented by counsel at trial and when he
received the plead guilty offer from the Prosecution after seeking a reduction
in the charge and/or a certificate of substantive assistance. Whilst still
being represented, he had ample time to mull over the offer made and to
retract his plea of guilt as well as to consider and make changes to his draft
mitigation plea (see [7(b)] above). And finally, during the mention where he
pled guilty, he was taken through the statement of facts (which he admitted to
without qualification) and was provided with the requisite translation. There
too, he was represented by counsel. In all this, not a single complaint was
made of counsel’s conduct and not a single suggestion was made that they had
fallen short of any of their duties. If anything, the evidence that Mr Chia
has produced suggests that the Applicant’s counsel have acted in full
accordance with the Applicant’s instructions and that they did so in
accordance with the best traditions of the Bar.

25 Put simply, the Applicant’s application is wholly without merit and
constitutes a wholly unwarranted attack on lawyers who had in fact done their
level best for him at all times.

Conclusion

26 Accordingly, I dismiss this application summarily without setting it down
for hearing.

Andrew Phang Boon Leong  
Justice of the Court of Appeal|  
---|---  
  
The applicant in person;

Terence Chua and Regina Lim (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 28 Dec 2021 (18:36 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

