Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC 189

Suit No 477 of 2015

Between

| Crescendas Bionics Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| Jurong Primewide Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

And Between

| Jurong Primewide Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff in counterclaim

And

| Crescendas Bionics Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Defendant in counterclaim

judgment

[Building and Construction Law] — [Damages] — [Delay in completion]

[Contract] — [Remedies] — [Damages] — [Causation]

[Contract] — [Remedies] — [Liquidated damages]

[Contract] — [Remedies] — [Remoteness of damage]

[Damages] — [Apportionment]

[Damages] — [Assessment]

[Damages] — [Measure of damages] — [Contract]

[Damages] — [Mitigation] — [Contract]

[Damages] — [Quantum]

[Damages] — [Remoteness]

[Evidence] — [Principles] — [Functions of judge]

[Evidence] — [Witnesses] — [Expert witnesses]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Crescendas Bionics Pte Ltd

  
v

  

Jurong Primewide Pte Ltd

[2021] SGHC 189

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 477 of 2015  
Tan Siong Thye J  
23–26, 31 March, 1, 6–9, 13–16, 19 April, 28 June 2021

10 August 2021 Judgment reserved.

Tan Siong Thye J:

Introduction

1 The plaintiff is Crescendas Bionics Pte Ltd, a Singapore registered entity
that was incorporated as a property developer. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Plaintiff’s Statement of Claim (Amendment No 5) (“PSOC”) at para 1.

The defendant is Jurong Primewide Pte Ltd, a general building contractor
registered as a Grade A1 contractor with the Building and Construction
Authority (“BCA”). 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

PSOC at para 4.

2 On 30 June 2008, the parties signed a four-page Letter of Intent dated 26
June 2008 (the “LOI”) under which the plaintiff engaged the defendant as the
management contractor to build Biopolis 3, a seven-storey multi-tenanted
business park development at Biopolis Drive/Biomedical Grove in One-North. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

PSOC at paras 2, 5.2 and 11; First Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief of Annie Woo
Yen Lee (“AWYL-1”), p 32 at Table 2.1 and paras 17–19.

Biopolis 3 was positioned as a research and development (“R&D”) hub for
biomedical sciences (“BMS”) institutes and organisations, offering specialised
facilities such as wet laboratories, chemistry laboratories and an animal
facility. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

AWYL-1, Annex 1 at p 76 and Annex 2 at p 77.

It is the third phase of the Biopolis hub after Biopolis 1 and Biopolis 2.

3 After the LOI was signed, the parties’ relationship deteriorated as they
disagreed on their respective obligations and the scope of their
responsibilities under the LOI. In addition, there were delays in the
completion of Biopolis 3, which was eventually certified as completed by the
Superintending Officer, Jurong Consultants Pte Ltd (the “SO”), on 12 January
2011. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

PSOC at para 34.

It was undisputed that the time taken for completion exceeded the time period
of 18 months stipulated in the LOI for the defendant to complete Biopolis 3.
The plaintiff thus brought this Suit against the defendant and the defendant
also brought various counterclaims against the plaintiff.

4 The trial was bifurcated on 19 February 2018 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

HC/ORC 1483/2018 in HC/SUM 401/2018.

and I made my findings on the liabilities of the parties in Crescendas Bionics
Pte Ltd v Jurong Primewide Pte Ltd [2019] SGHC 4 (the “Liability Judgment
(HC)”). The Liability Judgment (HC) was affirmed on appeal in Jurong Primewide
Pte Ltd v Crescendas Bionics Pte Ltd and another appeal [2019] SGCA 63 (the
“Liability Judgment (CA)”), save in relation to one point material to the
present proceedings: namely, the time taken for the capping beams work (see
the Liability Judgment (CA) at [16]–[20]).

5 For the purposes of the present proceedings, the most relevant findings made
in the Liability Judgment (HC) and the Liability Judgment (CA) are that the
plaintiff was responsible for 173 days of delay in the completion of Biopolis
3 caused by its acts of prevention (see the Liability Judgment (HC) at [352]),
while the defendant was responsible for 161 days of delay (see the Liability
Judgment (CA) at [14]–[20]). On this basis, the defendant was found to be
liable to the plaintiff for general damages for 161 days of delay.

6 In these proceedings, the plaintiff seeks an assessment of the general
damages due to it in respect of the 161 days of delay for which the defendant
was responsible, as the contractual provision on liquidated damages in the LOI
was rendered inoperative as a result of the acts of prevention by the
plaintiff.

Background to the dispute

7 The background facts have been set out in detail in the Liability Judgment
(HC). I shall, therefore, summarise only the most salient facts which are
relevant to these assessment of damages proceedings.

Date on which Biopolis 3 was deemed completed under the LOI

8 Clause 5.0 of the LOI provided that the commencement date of the
construction of Biopolis 3 was 23 July 2008 and the date on which Biopolis 3
was to reach “substantial completion” was 22 January 2010 (18 months from 23
July 2008). The contract period was the period from 23 July 2008 to 22 January
2010. Biopolis 3 was certified to be completed on 12 January 2011. The parties
agreed that the contractual completion date was 22 January 2010, 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Agreed Statement of Facts (Second Tranche) (Amendment No 1) (“ASOF”) at s/n 1.

but disagreed on the meaning of “substantial completion” in cl 5.0.

9 In the Liability Judgment (HC), I found that contractual completion was
reached when Biopolis 3 was ready for Temporary Occupation Permit (“TOP”)
application and inspection, and not when the TOP was granted. The BCA had
directed the SO to apply for the TOP on 22 December 2010. Hence, under cl 5.0
of the LOI, Biopolis 3 was deemed to be completed on 22 December 2010 (see the
Liability Judgment (HC) at [223]–[244]). 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

ASOF at s/n 2.

Therefore, the completion of Biopolis 3 was delayed by a total of 334 days,
from 22 January 2010 to 22 December 2010. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

ASOF at s/n 3.

Liabilities for the delays in the completion of Biopolis 3

Delays attributable to the plaintiff

10 In the Liability Judgment (HC), I found that the plaintiff had committed
several acts of prevention which caused the completion of Biopolis 3 to be
delayed by a total of 173 days (see the Liability Judgment (HC) at
[351]–[352]). 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

ASOF at s/n 4.

I also found that the plaintiff had embarked on a subtle campaign to slow down
the completion of Biopolis 3 while attempting to avoid having to bear any
financial responsibility for doing so. This was largely because the global
financial crisis (“GFC”) in late 2008 moderated construction prices and threw
a pall of uncertainty over the demand for space in Biopolis 3 at that time
(see the Liability Judgment (HC) at [378]–[385]).

11 I shall now briefly outline each of the acts of prevention committed by the
plaintiff.

(1) Delay arising from the termination of the Resident Engineer without
immediate replacement

12 On 23 December 2008, the plaintiff terminated the Resident Engineer without
providing an immediate replacement. Without a Resident Engineer on site for
any period of time, piling works could not proceed. This caused a delay of six
days, from 26 to 31 December 2008 (see the Liability Judgment (HC) at
[255]–[268]).

(2) Delay in the award of the reinforced concrete works

13 In emails dated 13 December 2008 and 19 December 2008, the plaintiff
directed the defendant not to award any more trade contracts without the
plaintiff’s endorsement and approval. This instruction was not revoked by the
plaintiff (see the Liability Judgment (HC) at [271]–[290]).

14 Further, on 7 January 2009, at the last stage of the tender process, the
plaintiff introduced Chang Hua Pte Ltd as a tenderer for the reinforced
concrete works (“RC works”). The defendant required additional time of about a
month to consider Chang Hua Pte Ltd’s tender submissions (see the Liability
Judgment (HC) at [291]–[294]).

15 Subsequently, after the defendant submitted its tender report and
recommendation to the plaintiff for approval on 5 February 2009, the plaintiff
sat on it and did not give its approval notwithstanding reminders by the
defendant that there would be cost and time implications arising from the
plaintiff’s delay in approving the tender recommendation. In the light of the
delay, the plaintiff asked the defendant whether the short-listed tenderers
for the RC works could re-submit their tenders based on a shorter project
duration. The tenderers re-submitted their revised tender bids on 24 April
2009. At this point, the plaintiff introduced Tien Rui Pte Ltd and Shanghai
Construction Co Pte Ltd’s joint tender submissions on 24 April 2009. The
defendant then went through the entire tender process again to consider these
new joint tender submissions. The defendant’s final tender recommendation was
issued on 1 June 2009 and the plaintiff accepted this recommendation. The RC
works trade contract was awarded on the same date (see the Liability Judgment
(HC) at [295]–[303]).

16 But for the plaintiff’s delaying actions, the RC works trade contract could
have been awarded on 4 January 2009 (see the Liability Judgment (HC) at
[308]). If the RC works trade contract had been awarded on 4 January 2009, the
Biopolis 3 site would have been ready for the RC works trade contractor to
start work (see the Liability Judgment (HC) at [326]).

17 Therefore, I found that the plaintiff had caused 147 days of delay in the
award and subsequent commencement of the RC works, for the period from 4
January 2009 to 1 June 2009 (see the Liability Judgment (HC) at [327]).

(3) Delay arising from the fabrication and installation of additional signage
following the Registered Inspector’s inspection

18 On 4 November 2010, the Registered Inspector (“RI”) conducted a mechanical,
electrical and architectural inspection of the Biopolis 3 site. On 9 November
2010, the SO informed the defendant that certain follow-up works had to be
done, enclosing a list of the RI’s comments. In particular, the defendant was
instructed to fabricate and install additional signage.

19 I found that the fabrication and installation of the additional signage
were additional works outside the scope of the defendant’s work under the LOI,
as the defendant had followed the architectural drawings provided by the SO.
Further, I found that a reasonable time to complete the additional signage
works was seven days (see the Liability Judgment (HC) at [341]–[344]).

20 Therefore, I found that the plaintiff had caused seven days of delay in
relation to the fabrication and installation of additional signage following
the RI inspection (see the Liability Judgment (HC) at [345]).

(4) Delay arising from the additional railing works following the BCA
inspection

21 On 9 December 2010, the BCA conducted a pre-TOP inspection of Biopolis 3.
On the same date, the SO wrote to the defendant enclosing a list of the BCA’s
comments for the defendant to follow up on. In particular, the defendant was
instructed to install additional railings.

22 I found that the installation of additional railings, like the fabrication
and installation of additional signage, were additional works outside the
scope of the defendant’s work under the LOI as the defendant had constructed
the building pursuant to the architectural drawings prepared by the SO. I also
found that the delay caused by the additional railing works was 13 days (see
the Liability Judgment (HC) at [346]–[349]).

23 Therefore, I found that the plaintiff had caused 13 days of delay in
relation to the additional railing works following the BCA inspection.

Liquidated damages for the delay in completion

24 Clause 6.0 of the LOI provided that, in the event of a delay in completing
the construction and maintenance of Biopolis 3, the defendant would be liable
to pay the plaintiff liquidated damages for late completion. The applicable
rates of liquidated damages were $30,000 per day for the first 30 days that
the works remained incomplete after the contract period; $70,000 per day for
the next 30 days that the works remained incomplete after the contract period;
and $50,000 per day for each day that the works remained incomplete beyond the
60th day after the contract period. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

2JCB00788 at Liability Judgment (HC) at [31], footnote 31.

25 However, as the plaintiff was responsible for 173 days of delay due to its
acts of prevention, the defendant was no longer bound to complete Biopolis 3
within 18 months as stipulated under cl 5.0 of the LOI. Consequently, the
plaintiff’s right to claim liquidated damages under cl 6.0 of the LOI no
longer applied (see the Liability Judgment (HC) at [353]–[354]).

Delays attributable to the defendant

26 In view of the plaintiff’s acts of prevention, the Court of Appeal found
that a reasonable time for the completion of Biopolis 3 was 18 months and 173
days from the commencement date of 23 July 2008. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

ASOF at s/n 5.

Hence, for Biopolis 3 to be completed within a reasonable time, it should have
been completed by 14 July 2010. However, Biopolis 3 was in fact only completed
on 22 December 2010. Therefore, the delay attributable to the defendant was
161 days (see the Liability Judgment (CA) at [17]–[20]). 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

ASOF at s/n 6.

The parties’ cases

The plaintiff’s case

27 The plaintiff submits that it is entitled to be restored to the position
that it would have been in if there had been no breach of the LOI by the
defendant. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Plaintiff’s Reply and Defence to Counterclaim (Amendment No 5) (“PRDC”) at
para 44D.1.

The plaintiff claims general damages for delayed completion in respect of
three heads of loss: (a) loss of net rental revenue; (b) holding costs; and
(c) expenses incurred in having to engage the relevant site staff. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

PSOC, p 52 at para G; Plaintiff’s Opening Statement at para 3.

28 The plaintiff engaged three expert witnesses to support its case: Mr Andre
Toh Sern (“Mr Toh”), Dr Annie Woo Yen Lee (“Dr Woo”) and Mr Dennis Yeo Huang
Kiat (“Mr Yeo”). Mr Toh prepared two expert reports. Dr Woo also prepared two
expert reports, the first of which was prepared jointly with Mr Yeo.

Loss of net rental revenue

29 The plaintiff claims that the delay in the completion of Biopolis 3 caused
it to lose a real and substantial chance of earning its projected net rental
revenues from leasing the units in Biopolis 3. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

PSOC at para 46.2.3(d); Plaintiff’s Written Submissions (“PWS”) at para 5.

According to the plaintiff, there is ample evidence that it would have had
such a real or substantial chance, based on the 70 expressions of interest
from prospective tenants before the completion of Biopolis 3 and data from
comparable developments. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

PWS at para 5.

The plaintiff claims this loss of net rental revenue as expectation loss. It
had entered into the LOI in anticipation of earning rental revenue from
Biopolis 3, but due to the delay in the completion of Biopolis 3, no rental
revenue was earned before completion and less rental revenue was earned after
completion. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

PWS at para 4.

30 The plaintiff submits that the delay in completion caused three forms of
loss of net rental revenue: 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Plaintiff’s Opening Statement at paras 7–8.

(a) First, the loss of one year’s net rental revenue for the period of delay
itself (ie, for the period of 334 days from 22 January 2010 to 22 December
2010).

(b) Second, where the delay caused the loss of a prospective tenant who would
otherwise have leased a unit in Biopolis 3 for a term of several years, the
loss of net rental revenue for each year of the lost tenancy.

(c) Third, the loss of net rental revenue arising from the additional time
required for Biopolis 3 to achieve stabilised occupancy as a result of the
delay. Stabilised occupancy refers to the occupancy levels reached by a new
property that are reasonably expected to continue into the future with the
proper marketing, management and maintenance (Denise Evans and O William
Evans, The Complete Real Estate Encyclopedia (McGraw-Hill, 1st Ed, 2007) at p
387), 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

First Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief of Andre Toh Sern (“ATS-1”), p 23 at para
6.11 and p 645; PWS at para 140.

though it does not require 100% occupancy. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Plaintiff’s Opening Statement at paras 5–6.

Stabilised occupancy is the “market potential” of the property. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

PRDC at para 44D.3.

In particular, the plaintiff claims that the delay in completion led to two
events which prolonged the time required for Biopolis 3 to achieve stabilised
occupancy:

(i) First, the delay resulted in Biopolis 3 having zero pre-commitment tenants
after its completion. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

PWS at para 49.

This is because the delay made the completion date for Biopolis 3 uncertain,
which in turn hindered negotiations with prospective tenants and the
plaintiff’s marketing efforts. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

PWS at para 50.

This delay caused the loss of five major pre-commitment tenants which the
plaintiff had aimed to secure for occupation in January 2010, namely, the
Institute of Chemical and Engineering Sciences (“ICES”) under the Agency for
Science, Technology and Research; Abbott Laboratories (Singapore) Pte Ltd
(“Abbott”); the Nanyang Technological University (“NTU”); PetNet Solutions
Private Limited (“PetNet”); and Philip Morris Products SA (“Philip Morris”).
25

##### Foot Note 25

×

PSOC at para 46.2.3(i); Plaintiff’s Opening Statement at para 54(a); Second
Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief of Lawrence Leow Chin Hin (“LLCH”) at paras
105–107.

I shall refer to these five major pre-commitment tenants collectively as the
“five pre-commitment tenants”. According to the plaintiff, the loss of these
pre-commitment tenants had a direct impact on the rental revenue that the
plaintiff could have earned and it also undermined the market’s confidence in
Biopolis 3. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

PWS at paras 49–50 and 84–91.

(ii) Second, the delay reduced the monopolistic advantages enjoyed by Biopolis
3 as the sole building of its kind on the market before competition increased
following the award of the land tender for Biopolis 5. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Plaintiff’s Opening Statement at paras 7(c) and 54(b).

The land tender for Biopolis 5 was awarded to Ascendas Venture Pte Ltd
(“Ascendas Venture”) in March 2011, and the award of the tender was announced
in May 2011. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Defendant’s Core Bundle of Documents (“DCB”), Vol 8, Tab 161 at p 1.

The plaintiff submits that if the delay had not occurred, Biopolis 3 would
have reached stabilised occupancy of 90% before the completion of Biopolis 5
in February 2014. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

PWS at paras 11(b), 51 and 92–95.

31 In quantifying its loss of net rental revenue, the plaintiff submits that
the appropriate method is what I shall refer to as the “multi-year model”,
which was adopted by Mr Toh. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Plaintiff’s Opening Statement at para 11; PWS at paras 8–9.

This is because its loss of net rental revenue was incurred over several
years, from the date on which Biopolis 3 ought to have been handed over to the
date on which stabilised occupancy was achieved (the “alleged loss period”).
31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Plaintiff’s Opening Statement at para 8.

Hence, under the multi-year model, the plaintiff claims, in its pleadings and
opening statement, the difference between the projected net rental revenue
that the plaintiff could have earned over the alleged loss period if there had
been no delay in completion, and the actual net rental revenue earned by the
plaintiff during the alleged loss period, with a discount of 8% applied to
take into account project risks. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Plaintiff’s Opening Statement at para 11; ATS-1, p 20 at para 6.1.

However, in the plaintiff’s oral submissions at the end of the trial, it
informed the court that it would not rely on the actual net rental revenue
figures originally used by Mr Toh. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Transcript (28 June 2021), p 116 at lines 1–2

32 Further, the plaintiff submits that its claim for loss of net rental
revenue was not too remote. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

PWS at para 215.

This loss arose naturally and according to the usual course of events from the
defendant’s delay in completing Biopolis 3. At the time the LOI was signed, it
was within the defendant’s reasonable contemplation that such loss of net
rental revenue would ordinarily follow from the defendant’s delay, because the
defendant was aware that Biopolis 3 was intended to be a multi-tenanted
development for the BMS R&D sector (ie, it had a limited tenant pool drawn
from a narrow sector of the real estate market) and that the plaintiff’s
revenue stream from Biopolis 3 came from the leasing of premises. Therefore,
the defendant was aware (or ought to have been aware) that the delay would
prolong the time needed for Biopolis 3 to achieve stabilised occupancy. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

PSOC at paras 42–44; Plaintiff’s Opening Statement at paras 50–51; PWS at
paras 217–224.

33 In any event, prior to the signing of the LOI, it was expressly made known
to the defendant that any delay in completion would deprive the plaintiff of a
chance to earn rental revenue. Thus, the plaintiff would seek to recover its
loss of net rental revenue from the defendant in the event of such a delay. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Plaintiff’s Opening Statement at para 50(c)–(d).

In particular, the defendant had special knowledge of the facts that would
have alerted it to this type of loss. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

PWS at para 225.

First, the defendant agreed to the liquidated damages rates stipulated in cl
6.0 of the LOI. Applying these rates, the liquidated damages payable for one-
year delay would be approximately $18.25m, which was close to the actual gross
revenue earned by the plaintiff at around 90% occupancy. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

PWS at paras 226–228.

Second, the plaintiff and Jurong International Holdings Pte Ltd (“JIHPL”) (of
which the defendant is a wholly owned subsidiary) had prepared revenue
projections for Biopolis 3. This would have required JIHPL to conduct due
diligence to project the future rental revenue stream for Biopolis 3. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

PWS at para 229.

34 Finally, the plaintiff submits that it made all reasonable efforts to
market Biopolis 3 and to secure tenants. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Plaintiff’s Opening Statement at paras 52–53.

These efforts included setting up a dedicated in-house marketing team which
worked closely with property agencies, government agencies and other industry
players to market Biopolis 3. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

PRDC at para 44H.

Therefore, the plaintiff argues that it took all reasonable steps to mitigate
its loss of net rental revenue.

35 Consequently, the plaintiff claims it suffered a loss of net rental revenue
of approximately $21.16m as a result of the delay in completion. The plaintiff
used the multi-year model to compute this loss of net rental revenue. After
apportioning this sum based on the period of delay attributable to the
defendant (ie, 161 days), the plaintiff claims that the defendant is liable
for a sum of $10.2m. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Calculated based on the plaintiff’s parameters in PWS at para 10.

Alternatively, if damages are awarded only in respect of the loss of net
rental revenue for the period of delay in 2010 (which I shall call the
“single-year model”), the plaintiff claims that it suffered a loss of net
rental revenue ranging from $12.58m to $12.65m and that the defendant is
liable for a sum of approximately $2.89m to $2.91m. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

PCB, Vol 7, Tab 88 (Plaintiff’s Preliminary Submissions on Expectation Loss)
at para 12.

Holding costs

36 The plaintiff paid land rent of $2,122,123.87 to JTC Corporation (as the
head lessor of the land on which Biopolis 3 is built) and property tax of
$217,978.50 to the Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore (“IRAS”) during the
period of delay (collectively, the “holding costs”). The holding costs
incurred by the plaintiff from 23 January 2010 (ie, the day after Biopolis 3
was due to be completed under the LOI) to 12 January 2011 (ie, the date on
which Biopolis 3 was certified as completed) amounted to a total of
$2,340,102.37. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

PSOC at para 46.3; Plaintiff’s Opening Statement at para 39; ASOF at s/n 7;
PWS at para 253.

The plaintiff claims that the defendant is liable for the portion of these
holding costs attributable to the defendant’s delay.

37 The plaintiff submits that these holding costs are not too remote to be
recoverable from the defendant because the defendant knew or should have known
that the plaintiff would incur such holding costs, including during any period
of delay in the completion of Biopolis 3. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

PRDC at para 44A.1.3.

38 Further, the plaintiff argues that it is entitled to recover these holding
costs as wasted and additional expenditure (reliance losses) caused by the
delay, in addition to its expectation losses in the form of loss of net rental
revenue. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

PWS at paras 6 and 251–252.

This is because its claim is for loss of net rental revenue, and not gross
rental revenue. Therefore, it does not offend the rule against double recovery
for the plaintiff to also claim the holding costs from the defendant. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Plaintiff’s Opening Statement at paras 41–43.

Site staff expenses

39 The plaintiff submits that it was obliged to engage the relevant site staff
for the duration of the construction of Biopolis 3, and that these site staff
had to be deployed for the duration of the delay. The relevant site staff
comprised Resident Engineers and Resident Technical Officers. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief of Leow Chin Huat (“LCH”) at para 29.

The plaintiff had to pay the salaries of these site staff (the “site staff
expenses”) for the period from 23 January 2010 to 12 January 2011. The site
staff expenses incurred by the plaintiff during this period amounted to
$284,142.14. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

PSOC at para 46.1; Plaintiff’s Opening Statement at para 45; ASOF at s/n 8.

The plaintiff claims that the defendant is liable for the portion of these
site staff expenses that is attributable to the defendant’s delay as these
site staff expenses were wasted and additional expenditure incurred by the
plaintiff. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

PWS at paras 6 and 260–261.

The plaintiff contends that the site staff expenses are not too remote to be
recoverable from the defendant because the defendant knew or should have known
that the plaintiff would have to bear these expenses until Biopolis 3 was
certified complete. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

PRDC at para 44A.1.1; PWS at paras 262–264.

The defendant’s case

40 The defendant engaged only one expert witness, Assoc Prof Yu Shi Ming
(“Assoc Prof Yu”), who prepared two expert reports on the plaintiff’s loss of
net rental revenue.

Loss of net rental revenue

41 The defendant denies that the plaintiff was deprived of a real and
substantial chance to lease units in Biopolis 3 and hence to earn rental
revenue. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Defendant’s Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 6) (“DDC”) at para 43.3.

Further, the defendant argues that the loss of net rental revenue allegedly
suffered by the plaintiff was not caused by the 161 days of delay attributable
to the defendant. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

DDC at para 43; Defendant’s Opening Statement at paras 13 and 15.

Instead, the defendant contends that any such loss of net rental revenue
suffered by the plaintiff may be attributable to other causes such as the GFC,
or was caused and amplified by the plaintiff’s own actions. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Defendant’s Opening Statement at paras 13–16.

In particular, the defendant argues that the alleged loss of net rental
revenue was because the plaintiff’s asking rental rates were unrealistically
high. The plaintiff had failed to take into account the prevailing market
conditions at the relevant time (including the GFC), which prevented the
plaintiff from achieving higher occupancy rates for Biopolis 3. Thus, the
unduly long time to achieve stabilised occupancy was not attributable to the
defendant’s delay. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Defendant’s Opening Statement at para 22.

The defendant argues that the alleged loss of net rental revenue was also
caused by the plaintiff’s failure to effectively market the units to other
prospective tenants and the plaintiff’s own campaign to slow down the
completion of Biopolis 3. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

DDC at para 43.

42 In any event, the defendant disputes the plaintiff’s quantification of its
loss of net rental revenue. The defendant submits that, if the multi-year
model is to be applied, a more appropriate quantification of this loss is
$362,183.83. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Exhibit D2 at p 1.

43 Alternatively, under the single-year model, the defendant submits that it
should only be liable for a sum between $308,045.33 and $627,987.17 (depending
on the parameters adopted by the court). 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions (“DWS”) at para 215 (table on p 82).

44 In addition, the defendant contends that the losses allegedly suffered by
the plaintiff are too remote because they were not reasonably foreseeable
and/or not within the reasonable contemplation of the parties at the time when
they signed the LOI, and/or that they are extraordinary losses. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

DDC at para 43.1; Defendant’s Opening Statement at para 29.

The defendant submits that the plaintiff’s loss of net rental revenue did not
flow naturally from the defendant’s breach of contract, but rather arose from
many variables and circumstances outside the defendant’s control, such as the
plaintiff’s pricing and marketing strategy, the negotiations between the
plaintiff and its prospective tenants, and market conditions. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

DWS at paras 29 and 34.

Further, the defendant contends that the plaintiff never informed the
defendant that it would claim its loss of net rental revenue from the
defendant in the event of a delay in completion. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

DWS at para 31.

45 The defendant also argues that the plaintiff’s loss of net rental revenue
was caused by the plaintiff’s own actions and the plaintiff’s failure to take
all reasonable steps to mitigate its alleged loss of net rental revenue. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

DWS at para 23.

According to the defendant, Biopolis 3 took an inordinate amount of time to
achieve stabilised occupancy because the plaintiff persisted in adopting
pricing and marketing strategies that did not match the market. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

DWS at para 8.

In particular, the plaintiff’s asking rental rates for Biopolis 3 were
unrealistic in view of the prevailing market conditions. If the plaintiff had
asked for more realistic rental rates, it would have achieved higher occupancy
rates and this would have significantly reduced its alleged losses. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

DDC at para 43A; Defendant’s Opening Statement at paras 37–38.

Holding costs

46 The defendant does not dispute the quantum of holding costs incurred by the
plaintiff. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

ASOF at s/n 7.

However, the defendant contends that the plaintiff is not entitled to claim
the alleged holding costs because the plaintiff had committed to incurring
these holding costs before the signing of the LOI on 30 June 2008. Hence, the
plaintiff would have incurred these holding costs regardless of whether there
was a delay in the completion of Biopolis 3. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Defendant’s Opening Statement at para 28; DWS at para 24.

47 Further, the defendant argues that the alleged holding costs are too remote
because they were not reasonably foreseeable and/or not within the reasonable
contemplation of the parties at the time when they signed the LOI, and/or that
they are extraordinary losses. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

DDC at para 43.1.

48 In any event, the defendant argues that the plaintiff cannot claim the
holding costs in addition to its alleged loss of net rental revenue. This is
because the plaintiff would have had to incur these holding costs in order to
earn its alleged net rental revenue. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Defendant’s Opening Statement at para 36; DWS at para 9.

Site staff expenses

49 At the end of the trial the defendant admitted the quantum of site staff
expenses incurred by the plaintiff. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

ASOF at s/n 8.

The defendant now accepts that it should be liable for a sum of $132,157.12
for the site staff expenses for its 161 days of delay. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

DWS at para 11.

Effect of cl 6.0 of the LOI

50 Further or in the alternative, the defendant contends that any damages
payable by the defendant to the plaintiff due to the delay caused by the
defendant cannot exceed the damages that the plaintiff could have obtained
under cl 6.0 of the LOI had it not committed the various acts of prevention.
71

##### Foot Note 71

×

DDC at para 43B.

Court expert

51 In view of the extreme positions taken by the parties on the quantum of the
plaintiff’s loss of net rental revenue, the court decided to appoint a court
expert to assist in this case. The parties were requested to submit two names
for the court to select and the court chose Adjunct Assoc Prof Tay Kah Poh
(“Assoc Prof Tay”). He prepared five expert reports on the plaintiff’s loss of
net rental revenue.

52 All the experts used the multi-year model, which is based on ascertaining
the stabilised occupancy level that Biopolis 3 would have achieved, to
quantify the plaintiff’s loss of net rental revenue. I am of the view that the
multi-year model is a mechanical accounting exercise which does not adequately
take into account equity, fairness and remoteness of damage. I shall elaborate
in greater detail below. Accordingly, the experts were instructed to also
consider whether the single-year model could be used to quantify the loss of
net rental revenue suffered by the plaintiff as a result of the combined delay
by the parties in 2010.

Issues to be determined

53 The main issues that arise for my determination are, therefore, as follows:

(a) What is the effect of cl 6.0 of the LOI on the plaintiff’s claim against
the defendant for general damages in respect of the delay?

(b) Was the defendant’s delay an effective cause of the losses suffered by the
plaintiff? If so, how should these losses be apportioned between the plaintiff
and the defendant?

(c) In respect of the plaintiff’s claim for loss of net rental revenue:

(i) Is the plaintiff’s loss of net rental revenue too remote to be recoverable
from the defendant?

(ii) What is the appropriate and fair method of quantifying the plaintiff’s
loss of net rental revenue for the purposes of assessing the damages payable
by the defendant?

(iii) What parameters should be adopted in quantifying the plaintiff’s loss of
net rental revenue?

(d) In respect of the plaintiff’s claim for holding costs:

(i) Is the defendant liable for the holding costs?

(ii) Are the holding costs too remote to be recoverable from the defendant?

(iii) Is the plaintiff entitled to recover the holding costs in addition to
damages for its loss of net rental revenue?

(e) How much is the defendant liable for in respect of the site staff expenses
incurred by the plaintiff?

My decision

Effect of cl 6.0 of the LOI

54 I shall first briefly address the defendant’s argument regarding the effect
of cl 6.0 of the LOI. To recapitulate, cl 6.0 provided for liquidated damages
to be payable by the defendant to the plaintiff in the event of late
completion, at the following rates: $30,000 per day for the first 30 days;
$70,000 per day for the next 30 days; and $50,000 per day for each subsequent
day. However, the plaintiff’s right to claim liquidated damages under cl 6.0
ceased to apply because the plaintiff had committed various acts of prevention
(see [24]–[25] above).

The parties’ submissions

55 The defendant contends that any general damages payable by the defendant to
the plaintiff for the delay caused by the defendant cannot exceed the
liquidated damages that the plaintiff could have obtained under cl 6.0 of the
LOI had it not committed the various acts of prevention. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

DDC at para 43B.

The defendant submits that the parties’ fixation on the liquidated damages
rates during the negotiations indicates that the parties contemplated that the
total amount of liquidated damages recoverable under cl 6.0 of the LOI would
act as a cap on the total amount of general damages which the defendant would
be liable for in the event of a delay. In the alternative, the defendant
submits that the amount of liquidated damages recoverable under cl 6.0 of the
LOI ought to act as a cap on the defendant’s liability as a matter of law. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

DWS at para 35.

Applying the rates of liquidated damages set out in cl 6.0 of the LOI, the
total sum of liquidated damages payable by the defendant in respect of its 161
days of delay would have been $8,050,000: $30,000 per day for the first 30
days ($900,000), $70,000 per day for the next 30 days ($2,100,000), and
$50,000 per day for the remaining 101 days ($5,050,000).

56 On the other hand, the plaintiff contends that it is entitled to the full
extent of the general damages that it is able to prove to the court as there
are no expressed exclusions or caps (whether in the LOI or agreed between the
parties) on the quantum of general damages the plaintiff can recover. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Plaintiff’s Opening Statement at para 58.

Indeed, as I have noted at [33] above, the plaintiff suggests that cl 6.0 of
the LOI indicates that the defendant had knowledge of the possible extent of
the loss of net rental revenue that would be suffered by the plaintiff in the
event of a one-year delay. The plaintiff, therefore, argues that its loss of
net rental revenue was not too remote. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

PWS at paras 226–228.

My findings

57 I am unable to accept the defendant’s submission that the amount of general
damages recoverable by the plaintiff should be capped by the amount of
liquidated damages that the plaintiff would have been entitled to under cl 6.0
of the LOI had it not committed the various acts of prevention.

58 In my view, general damages and liquidated damages are underpinned by
different considerations. General damages are intended to compensate the
innocent party for the actual losses suffered as a result of the breach. In
contrast, liquidated damages are intended to be a genuine pre-estimate of the
likely losses that would be suffered in the event of a breach (see Denka
Advantech Pte Ltd and another v Seraya Energy Pte Ltd and another and other
appeals [2020] SGCA 119 at [151]–[152] and [185(b)]). Furthermore, cl 6.0 of
the LOI is a contractual term which the parties had willingly agreed to be
bound by in the event of a delay. Hence, there is no principled reason for
capping the amount of general damages recoverable by the plaintiff in these
proceedings at $8,050,000.

59 The defendant relies on the Canadian case of J G Collins Insurance Agencies
Ltd v Elsley Estate [1978] 2 SCR 916 (“Elsley Estate”) for the proposition
that the amount of damages recoverable under a liquidated damages clause, such
as cl 6.0 of the LOI, should act as a cap on the defendant’s liability to pay
general damages. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

DWS at para 35.

In Elsley Estate, the Supreme Court of Canada held that “an agreed sum payable
on breach represents the maximum amount recoverable whether the sum is a
penalty or a valid liquidated damages clause”. Elsley Estate was cited in
Hudson’s Building and Engineering Contracts (Nicholas Dennys QC and Robert
Clay gen eds) (Sweet & Maxwell, 14th Ed, 2020) (“Hudson”). The editors of
Hudson opined that even though the liquidated damages clause in Elsley Estate
was attacked on the ground that it was a penalty clause, Elsley Estate “must
equally be authority for enforcing the [liquidated damages] sum as a
limitation on liability in those situations where a liquidated damages clause
has been invalidated by reason of Employer prevention … or Employer breach of
contract” (at para 6-049). However, the editors of Hudson went on to
acknowledge that “the point may be open and a more precise statement of its
rationale in construction cases is still awaited” (at para 6-050). In the
absence of any decisions by the Singapore courts following Elsley Estate,
there is no authority binding upon this court that requires me to find that
the amount of general damages recoverable must be capped at the amount of
liquidated damages stipulated in cl 6.0 of the LOI.

60 In so far as the defendant contends that allowing the plaintiff to recover
general damages exceeding $8,050,000 would allow the plaintiff to benefit from
its own breach of contract which rendered cl 6.0 of the LOI unenforceable,
this argument is unmeritorious. In this regard, I agree with the views
expressed in Edwin Lee Peng Khoon, Building Contract Law in Singapore
(LexisNexis, 3rd Ed, 2016). The author considers this argument and then goes
on to say (at p 155):

… However, it should also be noted that the employer who has caused an act of
prevention would only be able to claim for damages for delay if the contractor
has exceeded the reasonable time for completion. In that event, it may also be
argued that the employer is not benefitting from his own breach of contract;
after all, the consequence of his breach would be that the contractor was
given a reasonable time to complete the works. The contractor having still
failed to do so, it would not be inequitable for the employer to then recover
whatever he can prove to be his actual loss.

[emphasis added]

61 These observations are directly applicable to the present case. Although
the plaintiff was responsible for 173 days of delay due to its acts of
prevention, the defendant nevertheless exceeded the reasonable time for the
completion of Biopolis 3, which was 18 months and 173 days from the
commencement date of 23 July 2008 (see [26] above). The defendant is,
therefore, still responsible for 161 days of delay. In these circumstances, it
would not be inequitable to allow the plaintiff to recover general damages
exceeding the amount of liquidated damages provided for in cl 6.0 of the LOI.

Summary on the effect of cl 6.0 of the LOI

62 In summary, I reject the defendant’s argument that any general damages
payable to the plaintiff for the delay cannot exceed the liquidated damages
that the plaintiff could have obtained under cl 6.0 of the LOI had it not
committed the various acts of prevention, ie, $8,050,000. This is because,
notwithstanding the plaintiff’s acts of prevention, the defendant still
exceeded the reasonable time for the completion of Biopolis 3 and was
responsible for 161 days of delay.

Preliminary points on causation and apportionment

63 Before I turn to consider each of the three heads of loss claimed by the
plaintiff, I would like to deal with some preliminary points regarding
causation and the apportionment of liability between the parties. As I have
explained at [10] and [26] above, the delay attributable to the plaintiff was
173 days and the delay attributable to the defendant was 161 days.

64 The plaintiff’s approach is to start by calculating the total losses caused
to the plaintiff by the entire period of delay and then apportion liability
based on the respective periods of delay attributable to each party. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Plaintiff’s Opening Statement at para 2.

65 However, the defendant submits that the plaintiff has failed to prove that
the defendant’s delay caused its losses. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

DWS at para 7.

Instead, since the plaintiff caused more than half of the delay (173 out of
334 days), the plaintiff was the dominant cause of the delay. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

DWS at para 18.

The defendant raises a primary case and a secondary case on causation, which I
shall elaborate on in the next few paragraphs.

Causation

(1) The parties’ submissions

66 It is not disputed that the usual test of causation to be applied in breach
of contract cases is the but-for test, under which the plaintiff must prove
that the harm it suffered would not have occurred but for the defendant’s
delay (Sunny Metal & Engineering Pte Ltd v Ng Khim Ming Eric [2007] 3 SLR(R)
782 (“Sunny Metal”) at [64]). 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

PWS at para 98; DRS at para 2.

The defendant contends that the plaintiff has failed to satisfy the but-for
test of causation.

67 First, the defendant submits that the plaintiff must demonstrate a causal
link between the specific periods of delay attributable to the defendant
(amounting to 161 days) and the alleged losses suffered by the plaintiff. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Defendant’s Opening Statement at para 15; DWS at para 19.

The defendant submits that the plaintiff has failed to do so because the
plaintiff’s delay was spread out and intertwined with the defendant’s delay.
Hence, both parties jointly contributed to the delay and neither was
principally responsible. Consequently, the defendant submits that the
plaintiff has failed to prove that the defendant’s delay was a but-for cause
of its losses (the “Defendant’s Primary Case on Causation”). 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

DWS at paras 18–19 and 22.

68 In the alternative, the defendant submits that since a reasonable date for
the completion of Biopolis 3 was 14 July 2010 (see [26] above), the plaintiff
must prove that the defendant’s delay during the specific period from 15 July
2010 to 22 December 2010 caused the plaintiff’s losses. According to the
defendant, the plaintiff has failed to prove this because the plaintiff
asserts that its losses were caused by the entire period of delay (the
“Defendant’s Secondary Case on Causation”). 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

DWS at para 20.

69 In response to the defendant’s arguments regarding causation, the plaintiff
submits that there is a clear causal link between the delay and its losses.

70 With regard to the Defendant’s Primary Case on Causation, the plaintiff
submits that the usual but-for test of factual causation should not be applied
in the present case as it would lead to an outcome that defies common sense
and logic, 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

PWS at para 99.

ie, the outcome that the defendant is not liable for any of the losses
suffered by the plaintiff. Instead, as the plaintiff’s delay and the
defendant’s delay were two concurrent causes of loss that were almost equally
significant, the plaintiff argues that the court should adopt the approach set
out by the UK Supreme Court in Financial Conduct Authority v Arch Insurance
(UK) Ltd and others (Hiscox Action Group Intervening) [2021] 2 WLR 123 (“FCA v
Arch Insurance”), which the plaintiff refers to as the “modified but-for
test”. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

PWS at paras 100–102.

Applying this modified but-for test, the plaintiff submits that factual
causation is established because each delaying event was a discrete event
capable of causing loss, and but for all the delaying events, Biopolis 3 would
have secured a healthy level of pre-commitment tenants and would have enjoyed
a longer monopolistic run. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

PWS at para 103.

71 Further, the plaintiff submits that the Defendant’s Secondary Case on
Causation is inconsistent with the Liability Judgment (CA), inconsistent with
the facts and inconsistent with common sense, because it requires the court to
ignore the actual periods of delay attributable to each party in assessing
causation. The plaintiff contends that the Defendant’s Secondary Case on
Causation conflates the assessment of a reasonable time to complete (which is
merely a tool for the easy computation of each party’s delay) with the
assessment of factual causation (which examines the actual events that
occurred). 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

PWS at paras 104–105.

(2) My findings

72 In my view, the plaintiff has succeeded in establishing that its delay and
the defendant’s delay were an effective cause of its losses. I agree with the
plaintiff’s submission that the defendant cannot reasonably deny that there
was a causal link between the delay and the losses suffered by the plaintiff,
and in particular the plaintiff’s loss of net rental revenue. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

PWS at para 46.

(A) The Defendant’s Primary Case on Causation

73 It is well established that the court “approaches the question of causation
on a common-sense basis” and that “[taking] the but-for test as the sole
indicia of causation can lead one to draw absurd conclusions” (Guay Seng Tiong
Nickson v Public Prosecutor [2016] 3 SLR 1079 at [31] and [33]). Similarly, in
Sunny Metal at [69], the court acknowledged that the but-for test may be
“insufficient to lead to a just result” in cases where it is not clear which
of several possible causes was “the cause in fact of the loss”. In my view,
the Defendant’s Primary Case on Causation involves an overly rigid application
of the but-for test of causation which would lead to the absurd conclusion
that the defendant is not liable for any of the plaintiff’s losses despite
having been found to be responsible for 161 out of 334 days of delay.

74 Instead, when the defendant’s breach of contract is one of two concurrent
causes of the plaintiff’s losses, the defendant can be held liable so long as
his breach was an effective cause of the plaintiff’s losses. It is not
necessary for the court to determine which cause was the more effective cause
(see Smile Inc Dental Surgeons Pte Ltd v OP3 International Pte Ltd [2020] 3
SLR 1234 (“Smile Inc”) at [25]). In Smile Inc, the plaintiff’s failure to pay
the rent timeously and the plaintiff’s failure to resume business at its
clinic (which was due to, among other things, the defendant’s delay in
completing the fitting-out works at the clinic) were both the operative causes
for the plaintiff to incur certain charges. There was “nothing to indicate
that one of the two causes was more efficacious than the other” (Smile Inc at
[30]). In those circumstances, Chan Seng Onn J found that the defendant was
liable for the charges incurred by the plaintiff (Smile Inc at [30]).

75 Although the plaintiff urged the court to adopt the approach set out by the
UK Supreme Court in FCA v Arch Insurance, I do not think it is necessary to do
so in the present case. While FCA v Arch Insurance discussed the issue of
causation at length, this was in the context of interpreting an insurance
policy to ascertain whether its clauses covered losses suffered as a result of
the COVID-19 pandemic. I agree with the defendant’s concern that the insurance
context is different from the general contract context and that the principles
of causation that are applied in insurance law may not be straightforwardly
applicable in other areas of contract law. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

DRS at paras 3–4.

Nevertheless, even without applying the approach in FCA v Arch Insurance, I am
satisfied that the defendant’s delay was an effective cause of the plaintiff’s
losses. As in Smile Inc, there is nothing to indicate that either the
defendant’s delay (161 days) or the plaintiff’s delay (173 days) were more
efficacious than the other as a cause of the plaintiff’s losses. Indeed, the
periods of delay caused by the parties are nearly equal, with the plaintiff’s
delay being only 12 (out of 334) days longer than the defendant’s delay. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

PWS at para 234.

In these circumstances, I am unable to agree with the defendant’s submission
that the plaintiff’s delay was more efficacious and that it “ha[d] the effect
of magnifying the loss disproportionately”. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

DRS at paras 6–7.

76 Therefore, in the circumstances of the present case, I do not think it is
appropriate to adopt the defendant’s granular approach of examining the impact
of each specific period of delay. As the defendant recognises, the delays
caused by the plaintiff were intertwined with the delays attributable to the
defendant. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

Defendant’s Opening Statement at para 15.

Furthermore, both parties’ experts and the court expert all applied the broad
approach of calculating the losses caused by the entire period of delay before
apportioning liability due to the defendant. While there may be situations
where this approach could lead to unfairness (such as where the period of
delay caused by the defendant is insignificant compared to the period of delay
caused by the plaintiff), that concern does not arise in this case as the
periods of delay caused by the parties are almost evenly balanced.

(B) The Defendant’s Secondary Case on Causation

77 Further, I agree with the plaintiff’s submission that the Defendant’s
Secondary Case on Causation should be rejected. As I have explained at
[10]–[26] above, I found in the Liability Judgment (HC) that the plaintiff had
committed several acts of prevention which caused a total of 173 days of
delay. However, these 173 days did not run consecutively. Thus, while it was
held in the Liability Judgment (CA) that the reasonable time for the defendant
to complete Biopolis 3 was by 14 July 2010, it was not held that the defendant
was responsible specifically for the delay from 15 July 2010 to 22 December
2010. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

PWS at para 104.

78 The Defendant’s Secondary Case on Causation is not supported by [375] of
the Liability Judgment (HC), which the defendant’s counsel sought to rely on.
94

##### Foot Note 94

×

Transcript (28 June 2021), p 17 at lines 9–32 and p 18 at lines 1–3.

This paragraph, as modified to reflect the findings made in the Liability
Judgment (CA), stated as follows:

It is undisputed that the Project’s start date under cl 5.0 of the LOI is 23
July 2008. For the Project to be completed within reasonable time, it should
have been completed by [14 July] 2010 (adding 18 months and [173] days to the
Project’s start date). However, the Project was only completed on 22 December
2010 …. Thus, the delay to the Project that is attributable to the defendant
is [161] days (this being the difference between the new completion date of
[14 July] 2010 and the date on which the Project was completed, 22 December
2010). …

79 As the wording of [375] of the Liability Judgment (HC) makes clear, it was
not held that the delay attributable to the defendant was the specific period
from 15 July 2010 to 22 December 2010. Instead, the finding made in this
paragraph was that the aggregate period of delay attributable to the defendant
was 161 days, which was derived by calculating the length of the period from
15 July 2010 to 22 December 2010. This paragraph must also be read in the
context of the other findings made in the Liability Judgment (HC). In
particular, it was found that the periods of delay attributable to the
plaintiff were six days from 26 to 31 December 2008; 147 days from 4 January
2009 to 1 June 2009; seven days in November 2010; and 13 days in December 2010
(see [10]–[23] above). The periods of delay attributable to the defendant were
interspersed between these periods of delay caused by the plaintiff. Both
before and after the date of 15 July 2010, both the plaintiff and the
defendant contributed to the delay.

80 The authorities relied on by the defendant also do not support the
Defendant’s Secondary Case on Causation. First, the defendant cites a passage
from Hudson at para 6-028 which states that where the right to recover
liquidated damages is invalidated, the right to recover actual damages subject
to proof “will operate as from the ending of a reasonable time for
completion”. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

DRS at para 17; Defendant’s Bundle of Authorities for Reply Submissions, Tab 3
at p 18.

Second, in Chua Tian Chu and another v Chin Bay Ching and another [2011] SGHC
126 at [104], the High Court stated that where liquidated damages are
unavailable, “general damages may be recoverable at common law for any delay
occasioned after the reasonable date for completion”. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

DRS at para 18.

While I agree with these statements of principle, they do not assist the
defendant. The legal principle that the plaintiff is entitled to recover
general damages in respect of the period from the reasonable date for
completion to the actual date of completion does not mean that, as a matter of
causation, the defendant can only be held liable for the losses caused
specifically by this period of time. As a matter of fact, in the present case,
the periods of delay attributable to the defendant were intertwined with the
periods of delay attributable to the plaintiff.

Apportionment

81 Having rejected the Defendant’s Primary Case on Causation, I agree with the
plaintiff’s submission that the losses caused by the entire period of delay
should be apportioned proportionately between the plaintiff and the defendant,
based on the duration of delay attributable to each party. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

PWS at paras 231–235.

The next issue is then to determine the precise proportion of liability that
should be borne by the defendant. The plaintiff’s expert, Mr Toh, was
instructed by the plaintiff to quantify the expectation losses caused by the
defendant on the basis of 161 out of 355 days of delay (ie, 45.35% of the
total loss). This was because the plaintiff’s pleaded position was that there
had been 355 days of delay (from 23 January 2010 to 12 January 2011) 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

PSOC at para 46.2.3(f).

and because no rental revenue could have been earned before the TOP was
obtained on 12 January 2011. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

ATS-1, p 14 at para 4.5.

The defendant’s expert, Assoc Prof Yu, initially quantified the losses based
on 161 out of 334 days of delay. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

First Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief of Yu Shi Ming (“YSM-1”), p 35 at para
109.

Assoc Prof Yu later stated that he was agreeable to applying Mr Toh’s
proportion of 161 out of 355 days instead. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

Second Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief of Yu Shi Ming (“YSM-2”), p 6 at para
7.4.

82 In my view, as a matter of principle, the proportion of liability borne by
the defendant should be based on 161 out of 334 days of delay (ie, 48.2% of
the total losses). Although I accept that no rental revenue could have been
earned until 12 January 2011, the Liability Judgment (HC) and the Liability
Judgment (CA) have established that the defendant was responsible for 161 days
of delay and the plaintiff was responsible for 173 days of delay, amounting to
a total of 334 days of delay. Hence, it would be incorrect to apportion the
defendant’s liability based on 161 out of 355 days. Instead, the defendant’s
liability should be apportioned based on 161 out of 334 days. This would be a
fair reflection of the parties’ respective liabilities vis-à-vis the period of
delay.

83 I acknowledge that the impact of 161 days of delay would necessarily be
less significant than the impact of the full period of 334 days of delay.
However, as I have explained, the duration of the plaintiff’s delay and the
defendant’s delay was almost equal in this case. In a more extreme case where
the defendant’s delay is merely a fraction of the plaintiff’s delay (for
example, 20 days compared to 173 days), the defendant’s delay may be found to
have only a de minimis impact on the losses suffered by the plaintiff. For
example, a delay of only 20 days may not have been significant enough to cause
the loss of pre-commitment tenants. In such a case, as I have alluded to at
[76] above, a straightforward apportionment may be inappropriate, or it may be
that the losses for which the defendant is liable should be further
discounted. Nevertheless, that is not the present case.

Summary on causation and apportionment

84 In summary, the defendant’s delay was an effective cause of the plaintiff’s
losses. I reject both the Defendant’s Primary Case on Causation and the
Defendant’s Secondary Case on Causation as the periods of delay caused by the
parties are nearly equal and the delays attributable to the plaintiff were
intertwined with the delays attributable to the defendant. The losses caused
by the entire period of delay should be apportioned proportionately between
the plaintiff and the defendant based on the duration of delay attributable to
each party. Hence, the proportion of liability borne by the defendant should
be based on 161 out of 334 days of delay.

Loss of net rental revenue

85 I turn now to the plaintiff’s claim for loss of net rental revenue. There
are three main issues to be addressed. First, what losses are recoverable by
the plaintiff, bearing in mind the principles of remoteness of damage? Second,
what is the appropriate and fair method of quantifying the plaintiff’s loss of
net rental revenue for the purposes of assessing the damages payable by the
defendant? Third, what parameters should be adopted in quantifying the
plaintiff’s loss of net rental revenue? I shall address these issues in turn.

Remoteness

(1) The applicable law

86 In breach of contract cases, it is well established that loss will be
recoverable if either of two tests is satisfied (see Out of the Box Pte Ltd v
Wanin Industries Pte Ltd [2013] 2 SLR 363 (“Out of the Box”) at [14]–[18],
applying the English rule in Hadley v Baxendale (1854) 9 Exch 341 (“Hadley v
Baxendale”) as restated in Victoria Laundry (Windsor) Ld v Newman Industries
Ld; Coulson & Co Ld (Third Parties) [1949] 2 KB 528 (“Victoria Laundry”)):

(a) First, loss is recoverable if it flows naturally from the breach of
contract, having regard to the consequences that arise naturally according to
the usual course of things, or flowing from what may reasonably be supposed to
be in the contemplation of both parties when they entered into the contract
(the first limb of the rule in Hadley v Baxendale). I shall refer to this type
of loss as “direct loss” and loss which does not fall within this description
as “indirect loss”.

(b) Second, (indirect) loss is recoverable if the contract-breaker had actual
knowledge of special or extraordinary facts and circumstances which made the
loss foreseeable as a likely, or at least not unlikely, result of the breach
of contract (the second limb of the rule in Hadley v Baxendale).

87 The final question in the analysis is whether, in the light of the
contract-breaker’s knowledge and the circumstances in which that knowledge
arose, a reasonable person in the contract-breaker’s situation at the time of
the contract would have considered the damages in question to be “foreseeable
as a not unlikely consequence that he should be liable for” (Out of the Box at
[47(e)]).

88 If a particular type of loss was reasonably foreseeable at the time of the
contract (ie, not too remote), the conventional principle is that the
contract-breaker will be held liable for the full extent of the loss (see Out
of the Box at [41]). However, it must also be emphasised that the application
of this rule depends greatly on the particular facts of each case. As the
Court of Appeal explained in Out of the Box at [44]:

… Different heads of loss may seem to be of the same type or nature and yet
emerge on a proper analysis as being of quite different types. It would be
simplistic and ultimately unhelpful to argue that a given head of loss is not
too remote simply because it could semantically be packaged within a broader
category of loss that was foreseeable by the contract breaker. …

89 This is illustrated by the facts of Victoria Laundry. In that case, the
plaintiffs, a company providing laundering and dyeing services, purchased a
boiler from the defendants. The defendants knew that the plaintiffs were
launderers and dyers and wanted the boiler for use in their business. The
delivery of the boiler to the plaintiffs was significantly delayed. The
English Court of Appeal held that the plaintiffs could recover its loss of
business profits in respect of the laundering and dyeing contracts which could
be “reasonably expected”. However, the plaintiffs could not recover their loss
of business profits in respect of certain “particularly lucrative dyeing
contracts” which the plaintiffs had hoped to enter into, and which depended on
the punctual delivery of the boiler. These losses were too remote (see
Victoria Laundry at 543). Thus, as noted in Out of the Box at [45], “loss of
profits from the laundry business” was not treated as a single type of loss.
Instead, a distinction was drawn between losses of profits from contracts
which could be reasonably expected, and losses of profits from contracts which
could not be reasonably expected. Thus, whether a particular head of loss
(such as “loss of net revenue”) is direct loss within the first limb of the
rule in Hadley v Baxendale or indirect loss within the second limb of the rule
in Hadley v Baxendale may depend on the circumstances (see Singapore
Telecommunications Ltd v Starhub Cable Vision Ltd [2006] 2 SLR(R) 195 at
[65]).

(2) The parties’ submissions

90 The plaintiff submits that its claim for loss of net rental revenue was not
too remote. According to the plaintiff, its loss of net rental revenue up to
the completion of Biopolis 3 was direct loss because the plaintiff could not
begin leasing the premises until after completion. After the completion of
Biopolis 3, the plaintiff’s loss of net rental revenue was indirect loss.
However, such loss is not too remote because the defendant knew of the
plaintiff’s intention to claim such losses from the defendant in the event of
a delay in completion. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions (“PRS”) at paras 10–11.

91 On the other hand, the defendant submits that the plaintiff’s entire claim
for loss of net rental revenue is no different from a claim for loss of
profits, which is a form of indirect loss. To support this argument, the
defendant relies on the Court of Appeal’s decision in PH Hydraulics &
Engineering Pte Ltd v Airtrust (Hong Kong) Ltd and another appeal [2017] 2 SLR
129 (“PH Hydraulics”), the New South Wales Supreme Court’s decision in
Multiplex Constructions Pty Ltd v Abgarus Pty Ltd (1992) 33 NSWLR 504
(“Multiplex Constructions”), and the High Court’s decision in Ajit
Chandrasekar Prabhu and another v Yap Beng Kooi and another [2015] SGHC 280
(“Ajit Chandrasekar”). 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

DWS at para 30; Defendant’s Reply Submissions (“DRS”) at paras 20–21.

Consequently, the defendant argues that it would only be liable for the
plaintiff’s loss of net rental revenue if it had actual knowledge of this
loss. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

DWS at para 31.

92 The defendant submits that, while it knew that Biopolis 3 would be leased
out to tenants, it was a mere management contractor and did not know the
specific details of each lease, such as the rental rate, the duration of each
lease and any rent-free periods, and each tenant’s specific needs that were
negotiated with the plaintiff. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

DRS at para 22.

The defendant was not involved in any part of the leasing process between the
plaintiff and its prospective tenants, and in any event, information on leases
is not typically shared with a builder as it is proprietary information
belonging to the developer. Further, the commercial reality is that the risks
of leasing and selling a property after completion belong to the proprietor of
the property, not the builder. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

DRS at para 23.

In the present case, there was no evidence that the plaintiff informed the
defendant that, in the event of a delay in completion, it would claim loss of
net rental revenue until stabilised occupancy was achieved from the defendant.
107

##### Foot Note 107

×

DRS at para 24.

(3) My findings

93 In my view, the plaintiff’s claim for loss of net rental revenue comprises
two distinct types of losses. First, the loss of net rental revenue during the
period of delay in 2010 (“pre-completion loss of net rental revenue”). Second,
the loss of net rental revenue after the completion of Biopolis 3, resulting
from the prolonged period required for Biopolis 3 to achieve stabilised
occupancy following the delay (“post-completion loss of net rental revenue”).
I, therefore, disagree with the defendant’s submission that the plaintiff’s
entire claim for loss of net rental revenue should be characterised as
indirect loss. Although the plaintiff’s pre-completion loss of net rental
revenue and post-completion loss of net rental revenue both fall within the
broader category of “loss of net rental revenue”, they are in fact different
types of loss which should be analysed separately.

(A) Pre-completion loss of net rental revenue

94 It is clear that the pre-completion loss of net rental revenue suffered by
the plaintiff during the period of delay is direct loss within the first limb
of the rule in Hadley v Baxendale. At the time the parties entered into the
LOI, it was within the reasonable contemplation of both parties that Biopolis
3 was a multi-tenanted commercial development which could only be leased to
tenants by the plaintiff after completion. The natural consequence of the
delay in completion was that the plaintiff would only be able to start leasing
units in Biopolis 3 at a later date. Hence, the pre-completion loss of net
rental revenue was direct loss caused by the delay. As the editors of Hudson
observed at para 7-039:

The measure of damage in the event of [a] delay [in completion] will be
largely governed by the type of project undertaken. If the works involve a
commercial building, such as a factory or shop, it will usually be evident
that delay in completion will be likely to affect or postpone the profits that
the Employer is likely to earn from their use of the building. … [I]n the case
of factories, shops, flats and other obviously profit-earning projects, the
damages for loss of profit are likely to arise under the first branch of the
rule [ie, the first limb of the rule in Hadley v Baxendale], as occurring
naturally and in the usual course of things from the breach …”

[emphasis added]

95 The three cases relied on by the defendant do not assist it in showing that
the pre-completion loss of net rental revenue is indirect loss. In PH
Hydraulics, the plaintiff had purchased a machine (a reel drive unit) from the
defendant which was to be leased to a third party. The machine malfunctioned
and the plaintiff sued the defendant for breach of the sale and purchase
agreement, claiming (among other things) its inability to earn revenue from
renting out the machine. The Court of Appeal held that this loss of net rental
revenue was not a direct loss within the reasonable contemplation of both
parties, noting that there was no evidence that the third party was obliged to
rent the machine for any fixed period or minimum period (PH Hydraulics at
[155]). However, the contract at issue in PH Hydraulics was a sale and
purchase agreement, under which the plaintiff could have purchased the machine
for its own use rather than for renting to a third party. In contrast, the
defendant’s breach of contract in the present case was its delay in completing
Biopolis 3 under a building contract between the parties. As Biopolis 3 is a
commercial development which was intended to be leased to multiple tenants and
from which the plaintiff could only earn rental revenue after completion, the
pre-completion loss of net rental revenue flowed naturally from the delay in
completion. In this regard, the defendant’s reliance on Ajit Chandrasekar is
also misplaced as the plaintiffs in that case appeared to have purchased the
property as a home. Consequently, Abdullah JC (as he then was) doubted that
the loss of opportunity to rent out the property was within the contemplation
of the parties or flowed in the natural course of events (Ajit Chandrasekar at
[81]).

96 The defendant also relied on the New South Wales Supreme Court’s decision
in Multiplex Constructions for the proposition that loss of net rental revenue
caused by delays in completion under large commercial construction contracts
would not fall within the first limb of the rule in Hadley v Baxendale. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

DRS at para 21(b).

However, I do not think the authorities establish any rule in Singapore law
that loss of net rental revenue is necessarily an indirect loss which the
plaintiff is only entitled to recover if the defendant has actual knowledge of
the circumstances giving rise to this loss. While the defendant seeks to rely
on Robertson Quay Investment Pte Ltd v Steen Consultants Pte Ltd and another
[2008] 2 SLR(R) 623 (“Robertson Quay Investment”), which cited Multiplex
Constructions, the Court of Appeal in that case noted that “loss of profits or
rental would not necessarily be recoverable under the first limb of [the rule
in Hadley v Baxendale]” [emphasis added] (at [89]). Indeed, on the facts of
that case, the Court of Appeal held that additional interest incurred on
construction loans as a result of a delay in the completion of a construction
project did fall within the first limb of the rule in Hadley v Baxendale
because the parties to large commercial construction projects “must be imputed
with the knowledge that a delay in completion would certainly give rise to
additional financing costs” (Robertson Quay Investment at [91] and [94]). In
the circumstances of the present case, it is clear that the plaintiff’s pre-
completion loss of net rental revenue (which was suffered during the period of
delay) was a natural consequence of the delay. The defendant knew that
Biopolis 3 was built to be leased out to multiple tenants and that any delay
in completion would result in loss of net rental revenue. It is, therefore,
direct loss which is not too remote for the plaintiff to recover.

(B) Post-completion loss of net rental revenue

97 However, as the plaintiff acknowledges, 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

PRS at para 11.

its post-completion loss of net rental revenue is indirect loss. For this type
of loss to be recoverable, the plaintiff must show that the defendant had
actual knowledge that the delay in completion might cause the plaintiff to
suffer a loss of net rental revenue even after completion because it would
prolong the time needed for Biopolis 3 to achieve stabilised occupancy. This
has not been shown.

98 The plaintiff argues that the defendant was told that the liquidated
damages rates agreed upon in cl 6.0 of the LOI were meant to compensate the
plaintiff for its loss of net rental revenue in the event of a delay, and that
the plaintiff and JIHPL had prepared projections of Biopolis 3’s future rental
revenue stream (see [33] above). 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

PRS at paras 11–12.

However, neither of these arguments assists the plaintiff in showing that the
defendant had actual knowledge that the plaintiff would incur a further loss
of net rental revenue in the period from Biopolis 3’s completion until
Biopolis 3 achieved stabilised occupancy. The plaintiff has not adduced any
evidence that the defendant had such knowledge. Indeed, Mr Lawrence Leow Chin
Hin, the plaintiff’s director (“Mr Leow”), testified that when cl 6.0 of the
LOI was being discussed, he was focusing on liquidated damages and did not
have in mind the general damages that the plaintiff would seek to claim from
the defendant in the event of a delay in completion. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

Transcript (31 March 2021), p 129 at lines 15–17.

Although Mr Leow claimed that the liquidated damages rates had been computed
based partly on the plaintiff’s estimations of the anticipated gross rental
revenue that it would earn from leasing Biopolis 3 after completion”, 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

LLCH at para 48 and 52(d).

he conceded during his cross-examination that none of the contemporaneous
documentary evidence showed that the plaintiff had informed the defendant that
these liquidated damages rates were an estimation of the plaintiff’s loss of
rental revenue in the event of a delay in completion. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

Transcript (26 March 2021), p 109 at lines 13–20; p 110 at lines 7–15; p 111
at lines 2–21; p 113 at lines 11–14; and p 114 at lines 15–19.

99 The plaintiff also relied on the defendant’s insertion of a liquidated
damages clause identical to cl 6.0 of the LOI in its own trade contracts.
According to the plaintiff, this shows that the defendant was well aware of
the quantum of loss of rental revenue that the plaintiff might suffer in the
event of a delay and sought to pass this risk on to its own trade contractors.
114

##### Foot Note 114

×

Transcript (28 June 2021), p 55 at lines 11–32 and p 56 at lines 1–3.

However, this is a non sequitur as the defendant’s adoption of the same
liquidated damages rates in its trade contracts does not indicate that it had
actual knowledge that these rates represented the plaintiff’s likely loss of
rental revenue in the event of a delay.

100 Finally, the plaintiff argued that the defendant must have known the
expected rental revenues from Biopolis 3 over the years in order to estimate
the valuation of Biopolis 3 for the purposes of obtaining funding from the
banks for the construction of Biopolis 3. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

Transcript (28 June 2021), p 53 at lines 22–32 and p 54 at lines 1–20.

However, in my view, the fact that the defendant was involved in estimating
the valuation of Biopolis 3 does not show that it had actual knowledge that a
delay in completion might cause the plaintiff to suffer a loss of rental
revenue even after completion.

101 In these circumstances, the post-completion loss of net rental revenue
incurred by the plaintiff was not foreseeable by the defendant as a likely, or
even not unlikely, result of the delay.

102 Therefore, the plaintiff is entitled to recover the pre-completion loss of
net rental revenue that it suffered during the period of delay in 2010.
However, the post-completion loss of net rental revenue that the plaintiff
suffered after the completion of Biopolis 3 is too remote to be recoverable.

The appropriate and fair method of quantifying the plaintiff’s loss of net
rental revenue

103 As I have found that the plaintiff’s post-completion loss of net rental
revenue is too remote to be recoverable as a matter of law, the appropriate
method of quantifying the plaintiff’s loss of net rental revenue should focus
on the loss of net rental revenue in respect of the period before the
completion of Biopolis 3, ie, during the period of delay in 2010. The experts
agreed that the legal questions of causation, remoteness and mitigation were
for the court to determine. Hence, their proposed methods of quantifying the
plaintiff’s loss of net rental revenue are premised on the assumption that the
requirements of causation, remoteness and mitigation have all been established
in the plaintiff’s favour. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

First Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief of Tay Kah Poh (“TKP-1”), p 8 (Assoc Prof
Tay); Transcript (13 April 2021), p 117 at lines 12–20, p 118 at lines 24–25
and p 119 at lines 1–2 (Mr Toh); YSM-1, pp 9–10 at para 16 (Assoc Prof Yu).

104 The parties do not agree on the appropriate method of quantifying the
plaintiff’s loss of net rental revenue. As I have alluded to at [29]–[31]
above, the plaintiff submits that the multi-year model should be used to
quantify its loss of net rental revenue. This is what the plaintiff’s primary
expert, Mr Toh, described as the “yardstick method” in his first expert
report. I prefer to call it the multi-year model as this emphasises the key
difference between this model and the single-year model in terms of
quantifying the plaintiff’s loss of net rental revenue. The defendant’s
expert, Assoc Prof Yu, also used the multi-year model, which he called the
“financial model”. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

YSM-1, p 14 at para 35.

All the experts who were asked to consider the single-year model, except for
Mr Toh and Dr Woo, agree that the single-year model can be an alternative
approach to the calculation of loss of net rental revenue suffered by the
plaintiff. Mr Toh, being an accountant from EY Corporate Advisors Pte Ltd, 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

ATS-1, p 2 at para 1.

opined that the single-year model was not suitable although he acknowledged
that the multi-year model could give rise to an unfair and inequitable result.
119

##### Foot Note 119

×

Transcript (15 April 2021), p 26 at line 25 and p 27 at lines 1–5.

Dr Woo did not expressly accept the single-year model although she
acknowledged the possibility of unfair and inequitable outcomes under the
multi-year model. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

Transcript (9 April 2021), p 110 at lines 5–25 and p 111 at lines 1–16.

I shall elaborate further on the views of the experts below.

105 At the beginning of the trial, I asked the parties to consider whether the
single-year model could be used to quantify the plaintiff’s loss of net rental
revenue instead of the multi-year model. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

Transcript (23 March 2021), p 67 at lines 17–25; p 68 at lines 1–25; p 69 at
lines 1–19.

Both parties’ counsel raised no objection to the court considering this
alternative approach. During the parties’ closing oral submissions, the
plaintiff’s counsel agreed that the court was at liberty to consider the
single-year model and that it was up to the court to decide whether the multi-
year model or the single-year model was a fairer and more equitable method.
122

##### Foot Note 122

×

Transcript (28 June 2021), p 62 at lines 7–10 and p 63 at lines 9–22.

The defendant’s counsel also agreed that the court could consider the single-
year model to arrive at a fair outcome if it deems appropriate. During the
trial, I also asked each of the experts if the single-year model was a
possible approach. While the single-year model was not discussed by the
experts in their original reports, some of the experts agreed that this was a
possible method of quantifying the plaintiff’s loss of net rental revenue.
During the trial, the court expert, Assoc Prof Tay, said that while the multi-
year model was his preferred method, both the single-year model and the multi-
year model were “legitimate methods” of computing the loss of net rental
revenue. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

Transcript (19 April 2021), p 34 at lines 14–24.

The defendant’s expert, Assoc Prof Yu, agreed that compared to the multi-year
model, the single-year model would involve fewer assumptions and complications
in arriving at a more precise quantification of the plaintiff’s expectation
loss for the year of delay. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

Transcript (16 April 2021), p 206 at lines 23–25 and p 207 at lines 1–7.

He explained that he had considered using the single-year model in his
original report, but ultimately did not do so because his report was
responsive to the plaintiff’s statement of claim, which had broadly framed the
plaintiff’s claim for loss of net rental revenue based on the multi-year
model. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

YSM-2, pp 5–6 at paras 7–7.3; Transcript (16 April 2021), p 207 at lines 9–25
and p 208 at lines 1–5; DWS at para 87.

According to the defendant, Assoc Prof Yu was instructed to examine the
plaintiff’s pleaded multi-year model and he did so. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

DRS at para 59.

The strongest objection to the single-year model came from Mr Toh, who opined
that the multi-year model was the only method of ascertaining the plaintiff’s
loss of net rental revenue in this case. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

Transcript (15 April 2021), p 19 at lines 6–10.

However, this view seemed to be founded on the standards applicable in
accounting and commercial valuations. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

Transcript (15 April 2021), p 27 at lines 6–17.

While accounting and financial standards may be instructive, my overarching
considerations in assessing damages in the present case are the principles of
fairness and equity.

106 I am well aware of the general principle that, ex hypothesi, expert
evidence is outside the learning of the court (Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore
vol 10 (Butterworths Asia, 2000) at para 120.257, cited at Saeng-Un Udom v
Public Prosecutor [2001] 2 SLR(R) 1 at [26]). A judge is not entitled to
substitute his own views for those of an uncontradicted expert (Sakthivel
Punithavathi v Public Prosecutor [2007] 2 SLR(R) 983 at [76]). Where there is
conflicting expert evidence, the judge may elect between the different
experts’ views or reject them all, but cannot adopt a third theory of his own
(Tengku Jonaris Badlishah v Public Prosecutor [1999] 1 SLR(R) 800 at [37]).
However, the multi-year model proposed by Mr Toh is contentious and Assoc Prof
Tay acknowledged that the single-year model was also a legitimate method of
computing the plaintiff’s loss of net rental revenue for the purposes of the
present proceedings. In any event, the court’s role in these proceedings is
not to conduct an accounting exercise. The experts’ opinions on the
quantification of the plaintiff’s loss of net rental revenue are not
determinative of the legal question of the appropriate quantum of damages to
award the plaintiff in this case, which I must ultimately decide. Indeed, in
this regard, the experts should not “usurp the function of the court” (see The
“H156” [1999] 2 SLR(R) 419 at [27]).

107 With this in mind, I shall now consider whether the multi-year model or
the single-year model is the more appropriate and fairer method of quantifying
the plaintiff’s loss of net rental revenue.

(1) Overview of the multi-year model and the single-year model

108 The multi-year model essentially involves comparing the net rental revenue
that the plaintiff would have earned if the delay had not occurred (the “No-
Delay Scenario”) with the net rental revenue that the plaintiff either did
earn or should have earned in view of the delay (the “Delay Scenario”). The
difference between the net rental revenue in the No-Delay Scenario and the
Delay Scenario is, prima facie, the quantum of the plaintiff’s expectation
loss. 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

ATS-1, p 16 at para 5.2.

As the name suggests, the multi-year model requires the court to compare the
net rental revenue earned in these two scenarios over multiple years,
beginning from the date on which Biopolis 3 ought to have been completed (ie,
22 January 2010) to the date on which the economic impact of the delay on the
plaintiff ceased. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

ATS-1, p 16 at para 5.3.

In the present case, the plaintiff submits that the economic impact of the
delay ceased when Biopolis 3 reached stabilised occupancy in December 2017,
ie, a period of six years and 11 months from its completion in January 2011,
as this would be when the plaintiff achieved a customary level of operations.
131

##### Foot Note 131

×

ATS-1, p 23 at para 6.10 and p 26 at para 6.35; PWS at para 8.

109 In contrast to the multi-year model, the single-year model focuses on the
loss of net rental revenue suffered by the plaintiff during the period of
delay itself (ie, from 22 January 2010 to 22 December 2010). Under the single-
year model, the loss of net rental revenue is calculated by multiplying (a)
the first-year occupancy rate which Biopolis 3 would have achieved in 2010 if
the delay had not occurred, by (b) the monthly rental rate in 2010, and
finally by (c) Biopolis 3’s Net Lettable Area (“NLA”). The loss of net rental
revenue is then derived by applying the appropriate net revenue margin to
deduct the expenses which the plaintiff would have had to incur in order to
earn its gross rental revenue.

(2) Evaluation of the multi-year model

110 The plaintiff submits that the multi-year model is the more accurate
method for assessing its loss of net rental revenue as it is used by industry
experts, it is fair to both parties and it allows for realistic comparisons to
be made with other developments. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

PWS at paras 115 and 120.

The plaintiff contends that the multi-year model is more appropriate than the
single-year model because it accounts for the nature of Biopolis 3 as a
specialised multi-tenanted development built for the BMS R&D industry, in
which tenants typically enter into multi-year leases; the nature of the
plaintiff’s leasing business, in which commercial leases are entered into for
a period of time; and the valuation norms adopted by the real estate industry.
133

##### Foot Note 133

×

PWS at paras 9 and 117–118.

Similar observations were made by Assoc Prof Tay. 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

Second Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief of Tay Kah Poh (“TKP-2”), p 8 at para
15; Fourth Report of Tay Kah Poh (“TKP-4”), p 1 at para 3.

Similarly, Mr Toh opines that since the revenue for a single lease transaction
for Biopolis 3 is generated over a period of time, any delay to the completion
of Biopolis 3 would result in the plaintiff losing multiple years’ worth of
net rental revenue. Mr Toh opined that it is reasonable and logical that
damages arising out of the delay in completion be assessed over a period of
time. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

Second Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief of Andre Toh Sern (“ATS-2”) at pp 17–19.

The plaintiff argues that the single-year model undercompensates it by
ignoring the net rental revenue that could have been earned by the plaintiff
after the period of delay, ie, after the completion of Biopolis 3. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

PWS at paras 116 and 118.

111 I accept that the multi-year model is a valuable tool for the purposes of
accounting, financial planning and real estate valuation. However, in my view,
the multi-year model suffers from several shortcomings which may not satisfy
the fundamental and cardinal pillar of fairness and equity in the present
assessment of damages proceedings. The court’s task in these proceedings is to
determine the quantum of losses which the defendant can fairly be held liable
for as a result of the delay, bearing in mind the legal principles of
causation, remoteness and mitigation. As I have explained at [105] above,
although accounting and financial standards are instructive, my overarching
considerations are the principles of fairness and equity. Thus, while the
plaintiff emphasises that the nature of Biopolis 3 is such that it earns
rental revenue over several years, 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

Transcript (28 June 2021), p 67 at lines 27–30.

this does not necessarily render it fair for the defendant to be held liable
for the plaintiff’s loss of net rental revenue over several years in the
multi-year model.

(A) Speculative and dependent on a multitude of variables

112 The first shortcoming of the multi-year model is that it is highly
speculative and it depends on a multitude of variables which by themselves are
uncertain and subjective, and each of which can be endlessly contested. While
some degree of uncertainty is inevitable in any assessment of expectation
losses, this is compounded in the multi-year model because it involves
projecting occupancy rates, rental rates and net revenue margins several years
into the future. This magnifies the effect of each assumption which is
nebulous in the multi-year model. The number of years to be taken into account
(ie, the alleged loss period) depends, in turn, on an estimate of the
stabilised occupancy level for Biopolis 3 and the time taken to reach that
level of occupancy. The parties disagree on each and every one of these
variables. This is inherent in the multi-year model which can lead to several
different outcomes.

113 To illustrate this point, I note that the calculations derived from the
application of the multi-year model by the plaintiff’s expert (Mr Toh), the
defendant’s expert (Assoc Prof Yu) and the court expert (Assoc Prof Tay) are
vastly different. I shall set out a simplified version of each expert’s
analysis here to demonstrate this.

(a) Adopting a projected starting occupancy rate of 35% for 2010, 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

ATS-1, p 32 at para 6.63.

a stabilised occupancy level of 90%, 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

ATS-1, p 23 at para 6.18.

a loss period of seven and a half years (from January 2010 to 2017), 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

ATS-1, p 26 at paras 6.39–6.41.

projected monthly rental rates ranging from $3.90 to $5.61 per sq ft
(inclusive of service charges) 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

ATS-1, p 36 at para 6.82.

and projected revenue margins ranging from 49.3% to 55.9%, 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

ATS-1, p 37 at para 6.86.

Mr Toh arrived at a figure of $12,096,391 representing the loss of net rental
revenue (apportioned for the defendant’s delay) in his primary calculations.
143

##### Foot Note 143

×

ATS-1, p 43 at para 6.98; ATS-2 at p 21, Scenario 1.

(b) In contrast, Assoc Prof Yu applied a projected starting occupancy rate of
25% for January 2010, a stabilised occupancy level of 85%, a loss period of
four years (from January 2010 to January 2014), projected monthly rental rates
ranging from $3.75 to $4.95 per sq ft (inclusive of service charges) and a
projected revenue margin of 85%. Assoc Prof Yu arrived at a figure of
$362,183.83. 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

Exhibit D2 at p 1.

(c) In his fourth expert report, Assoc Prof Tay applied a projected starting
occupancy rate of 30% for 2010, a stabilised occupancy level of 85% (in 2014),
a loss period of five years, projected monthly rental rates ranging from $5.02
to $5.69 per sq ft (inclusive of service charges) and a projected revenue
margin of 60%. Assoc Prof Tay arrived at a figure of $8,837,506. 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

TKP-4 at p 3 (Table 1), p 4 (Table 4) and p 5 (Table 2).

114 As can be seen, Mr Toh’s calculations under the multi-year model are 1.37
times of Assoc Prof Tay’s and 33.4 times of Assoc Prof Yu’s. It is inevitable
that there will be some variation, even very significant variation, between
the experts’ calculations due to the different parameters used. However, the
sheer size of the difference between Mr Toh’s and Assoc Prof Yu’s calculations
demonstrates the uncertainty and variability of the multi-year model.

115 The plaintiff’s expert, Mr Toh, applied a discount of 8% to take into
account the uncertainty in the cash flows for Biopolis 3 over time and to
account for the risks of Biopolis 3 not achieving its revenue projections. The
plaintiff submits that this discount rate “covers all risks inherent [in] the
loss of a chance to earn rental revenue” and that the multi-year model should
thus be adopted over the single-year model. 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

PRS at para 64.

I shall consider the issue of the appropriate discount rate in more detail at
[302]–[306] below. However, at this juncture, I wish to state that I agree
with the defendant’s submission that this discount for project risk does not
adequately account for the inherently speculative and variable nature of the
multi-year model. 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

DWS at paras 188–192.

During his cross-examination, Mr Toh acknowledged that the discount rate of 8%
would not reflect the uncertainty in relation to the period of loss, ie, the
period required for Biopolis 3 to achieve stabilised occupancy under the
multi-year model. 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

Transcript (14 April 2021), p 89 at lines 10–23.

Further, Mr Toh prepared six different scenarios under the multi-year model,
each based on different parameters, yet applied the same discount rate of 8%
across all of them. 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

ATS-2, pp 21, 22 (Scenario 1), 26 (Scenario 2), 29 (Scenario 3), 32 (Scenario
4), 36 (Scenario 5) and 39 (Scenario 6).

When Assoc Prof Tay was questioned on this, he agreed that the 8% discount
rate did not account for the uncertainty of the period required to achieve
stabilised occupancy in the multi-year model. 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

Transcript (19 April 2021), p 174 at lines 11–16.

(B) Factors outside the defendant’s control

116 The second shortcoming of the multi-year model, which relates to its first
shortcoming, is that it depends primarily on variables that are outside the
defendant’s control. In particular, it depends on the stabilised occupancy
level that Biopolis 3 would ultimately have been able to achieve and its
occupancy rates in each year leading up to stabilised occupancy. The
determination of the stabilised occupancy for Biopolis 3 is critical in the
multi-year model.

117 Stabilised occupancy, as defined at [30(c)] above, simply means the
occupancy level that is stable and sustainable with the proper marketing,
management and maintenance. The defendant has no control over what levels of
occupancy are stable and sustainable for Biopolis 3. As the definition of
stabilised occupancy itself suggests, the stabilised occupancy level hinges on
marketing, pricing strategy, management and maintenance. All of these factors
are within the plaintiff’s complete control and the defendant had no inputs or
influence over them. As the defendant rightly points out, the concept of
stabilised occupancy is inherently problematic because the occupancy rate of a
building could be stabilised at 100%, 50%, 0% or anywhere in between,
depending on factors such as the rental rates for the building. 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

DWS at para 141.

Stabilised occupancy, therefore, does not provide a principled basis for
quantifying the loss of net rental revenue for which the defendant should be
held liable.

118 A similar problem arises in relation to Biopolis 3’s occupancy rates in
each year leading up to stabilised occupancy, ie, its occupancy growth
trajectory. Biopolis 3’s first-year occupancy rate in 2010 was within the
defendant’s control in so far as Biopolis 3 could not take on tenants during
the period of the delay. However, Biopolis 3’s occupancy rates in subsequent
years would depend on factors such as the plaintiff’s pricing strategy and
marketing strategy. Once Biopolis 3 was completed and handed over to the
plaintiff, the defendant no longer had any control over the occupancy rates
Biopolis 3 could subsequently achieve.

119 The plaintiff submits that this concern about factors beyond the
defendant’s control can be addressed by using parameters that are in line with
market expectations, such as market rental rates, market occupancy rates and a
reasonable time for reaching stabilised occupancy. Such parameters would be
fair and reasonable. 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

PWS at para 119.

However, I disagree. Even if the parameters themselves are fair and reasonable
estimates of what the plaintiff could have achieved, this does not address the
concern that the defendant no longer had any control over Biopolis 3’s rental
rates, occupancy rates and time taken to achieve stabilised occupancy after
its completion. I agree with the defendant’s submission that in view of the
inverse relationship between the rental rate and the occupancy rate for a
property, there were at least two basic pricing strategies the plaintiff could
adopt. First, the plaintiff could increase the occupancy rate as fast as
possible by charging the lowest rent in the market (with the lower revenue due
to the low rental rates being offset by the high amount of revenue due to the
higher occupancy rates). Alternatively, the plaintiff could charge higher
rental rates and increase the occupancy rate more slowly (with the lower
revenue due to the lower occupancy rate being offset by the higher amount of
revenue due to the higher rental rates). 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

DWS at paras 131–133.

The choice between these two strategies lay with the plaintiff, who could
exert some control over the occupancy rates achieved by Biopolis 3 by
adjusting the rental rates that it was willing to offer and accept. 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

DWS at para 134.

120 Hence, even if market parameters are used, the multi-year model still
yields a quantum of loss that depends on factors that are completely beyond
the defendant’s control. These factors operate long after the period of delay
caused by the defendant. Therefore, there is serious doubt regarding the
fairness of the multi-year model in quantifying the loss for which the
defendant can fairly be held liable for as a result of the delay.

(C) Possibility of illogical and inequitable outcomes

121 The third shortcoming of the multi-year model is that it is capable of
yielding illogical and plainly inequitable outcomes, even for a party in the
plaintiff’s position (ie, the “innocent” party in a breach of contract case).
This stems from the fact that the multi-year model quantifies the loss
suffered by the plaintiff based on subtracting the net rental revenue earned
in the Delay Scenario (“x”) from the net rental revenue earned in the No-Delay
Scenario (“y”). In cases such as the present, the difference between the two
figures (x–y) yields a positive figure, reflecting the fact that the plaintiff
would have earned more net rental revenue if the delay had not occurred.
However, it is also conceptually possible for the difference between the two
figures to yield a negative figure.

122 This can be illustrated with a hypothetical example. A building contractor
has caused a one-year delay in the completion of a building, from January 2020
(the original completion date) to January 2021 (the actual completion date).
In a Delay Scenario, if the demand for unit space in the building is highly
exuberant and the marketing and pricing strategy are attractive to the
tenants, stabilised occupancy of 90% could, possibly, be reached in the very
first year of the building’s operation (ie, by the end of 2021). For a No-
Delay scenario, assuming the marketing and pricing strategy are unattractive
to the tenants, the building may take four years to reach stabilised occupancy
of 90% in 2024. Therefore, the net rental revenue for a Delay Scenario will be
higher than a Non-Delay Scenario. In other words, the property developer will
earn more in a Delay Scenario than in a No-Delay Scenario. Hence, he suffers
no loss. This is illogical in principle because it suggests that the
contractor is not liable for any loss of net rental revenue. In this example,
the contractor has undoubtedly caused the property developer to suffer a loss
of net rental revenue for the year of delay itself (ie, 2020) since no rental
revenue at all could be earned during this period. The multi-year model,
therefore, can potentially yield both illogical and inequitable outcomes if it
is applied universally.

123 This difficulty is exacerbated by the fact that the outcomes yielded by
the multi-year model may depend entirely on situational contingencies that are
beyond the control of both the building contractor and the property developer.
For example, demand for unit space in the building could be determined by
prevailing economic conditions, such as the GFC. Furthermore, the outcomes
yielded by the multi-year model could even run counter to the principle that
the innocent party should take all reasonable steps to mitigate its loss. For
example, if the property developer made special efforts during the period of
delay to actively promote the building in order to counteract the impact of
the delay, this could enable the building to achieve an even higher occupancy
rate, and therefore an even higher amount of net rental revenue, in the Delay
Scenario. In effect, this would penalise the industrious property developer
for trying to make the best out of a bad situation.

124 The facts of this hypothetical example are, of course, different from the
facts of the present case. As a matter of fact, the plaintiff earned less net
rental revenue from Biopolis 3 in the Delay Situation than it would have in
the No-Delay Situation. Therefore, in this particular case, the difference
between the two figures (x–y) is positive. However, as a matter of principle,
the possibility of such illogical and inequitable outcomes undermines the
robustness of the multi-year model as a fair and equitable measure of the
plaintiff’s loss of net rental revenue.

(D) Assessment of the multi-year model

125 Therefore, while I accept the experts’ view that the multi-year model is a
valuable accounting and financial planning tool because it reflects the multi-
year nature of real estate projects and leases, I do not accept that it is a
fair and equitable method of quantifying the plaintiff’s loss of net rental
revenue in the present assessment of damages proceedings.

(3) Preferred method – the single-year model

126 In contrast to the multi-year model, the single-year model is much more
straightforward and has a direct nexus to the loss of net rental revenue for
2010. This was expressly acknowledged by Assoc Prof Yu. 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

Transcript (15 April 2021), p 47 at lines 16–18.

Thus, there is no issue of remoteness of damage. It also does not require the
court to assess the projection of variables into the future up to the time
when stabilised occupancy is achieved, such as yearly occupancy rates, rental
rates and net revenue margins several years into the future. As Assoc Prof Yu
observed, the variability in these projections under the multi-year model
would lead to “a lot of different permutations in terms of [the] calculations
of the rental loss as a result of the delay”. 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

Transcript (15 April 2021), p 47 at lines 4–6.

This is illustrated by the experts giving different opinions on the parameters
to be used over the years up to the time the plaintiff achieved stabilised
occupancy in the multi-year model. In contrast, under the single-year model,
“[a]ny reliance on assumptions and estimations about projected occupancies and
rental rates is very much reduced”, and the “scope of disagreements on the
variables [is] also reduced”. 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

YSM-2, p 11 at para 20.1,

The single-year model depends on only two main variables: (a) the first-year
occupancy rate which Biopolis 3 would have achieved in 2010 if the delay had
not occurred, and (b) the monthly rental rate over the period of delay.

127 Further, the single-year model focuses directly on the loss of net rental
revenue suffered by the plaintiff during the period of delay. As I have
explained at [93]–[102] above, the plaintiff is only entitled to recover the
pre-completion loss of net rental revenue that it suffered during the period
of delay in 2010, as the post-completion loss of net rental revenue after the
completion of Biopolis 3 is too remote to be recoverable. Thus, the
plaintiff’s claim for loss of net rental revenue based on the multi-year model
will infringe the principles on remoteness of damage. On the other hand, the
principles of remoteness and mitigation are built into the single-year model.
The single-year model also avoids the possibility of illogical and inequitable
outcomes such as that illustrated at [121]–[123] above. In the single-year
model there is no requirement to compare the No-Delay Scenario against the
Delay Scenario. The emphasis is strictly on the losses caused to the plaintiff
in the year of delay, ie, 2010. Thereafter, the losses are apportioned to the
161 days of delay which were attributable to the defendant. In that sense, the
single-year model would always yield a positive figure.

128 Therefore, in my view, the single-year model provides the fairest and most
appropriate method of quantifying the plaintiff’s loss of net rental revenue
for the purposes of the present proceedings.

129 The plaintiff submits that if the single-year model is to be applied, the
plaintiff’s loss of net rental revenue should be quantified based on the
stabilised occupancy level that Biopolis 3 would have achieved, and not its
projected first-year occupancy rate for 2010. 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

PWS at paras 187–193.

I shall refer to this as the “modified single-year model”. According to the
plaintiff, this is because the delay caused the plaintiff to reach stabilised
occupancy one year later. Therefore, it effectively deprived the plaintiff of
one year (out of its 30-year lease with JTC Corporation) during which it could
have earned rental revenue at stabilised occupancy. The plaintiff explains
that regardless of how long it would take Biopolis 3 to reach stabilised
occupancy, the loss of net rental revenue would be close to one year’s rental
revenue at stabilised occupancy. 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

PWS at paras 119(c) and 189–191.

Hence, the plaintiff argues that the modified single-year model is necessary
to mitigate the unfairness of the single-year model 160

##### Foot Note 160

×

PRS at para 72.

by aligning its outcomes more closely with those under the multi-year model.
161

##### Foot Note 161

×

Transcript (28 June 2021), p 70 at lines 21–26 and p 71 at lines 13–16.

I disagree. As I have explained at [117] above, the concept of stabilised
occupancy is problematic as a basis for the assessment of damages as the
defendant has no control over what levels of occupancy are stable and
sustainable for Biopolis 3. Instead, the level of stabilised occupancy depends
on the plaintiff’s marketing, management and maintenance of Biopolis 3. When
the plaintiff’s counsel asked Assoc Prof Tay to comment on the modified
single-year model during the trial, he indicated that he was “very uneasy”
about this approach because it “probably [did not] bear any semblance to
reality”. 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

Transcript (19 April 2021), p 67 at lines 2–6.

The other experts were not asked to comment on the viability of the modified
single-year model during the trial. Hence, I am of the view that it would not
be appropriate to adopt the modified single-year model in the present case.

130 With the above in mind, I turn now to the application of the single-year
model to the facts of this case.

Application of the single-year model

131 In the single-year model, the formula for calculating the plaintiff’s loss
of net rental revenue for the year 2010 is as follows:

(First-year occupancy rate) × NLA  
×  
(applicable monthly rental rate) × (number of months)  
×  
(net revenue margin)

132 It is undisputed that the NLA for Biopolis 3 is 357,154 sq ft. 163

##### Foot Note 163

×

ASOF at s/n 10.

However, the parties disagree on the appropriate parameters to be adopted in
respect of the other four variables:

(a) the first-year occupancy rate that Biopolis 3 would have achieved in 2010
if there had been no delay in completion;

(b) the monthly rental rate(s) for 2010;

(c) the number of months that should be taken into account, bearing in mind
the rent-free fitting-out periods that may have been offered to tenants; and

(d) the appropriate net revenue margin to be applied to the gross rental
revenue to derive the net rental revenue, to account for the expenses that the
plaintiff would have had to incur to earn its rental revenue.

133 I shall consider each of these variables in turn.

(1) First-year occupancy rate for 2010

(A) The experts’ views

(I) Dr Woo – 54.2%

134 The plaintiff submits that if the modified single-year model is not
applied, a first-year occupancy rate of 54.2% should be used. 164

##### Foot Note 164

×

PWS at paras 194–195.

This is based on Dr Woo’s view that the first-year occupancy rate of Biopolis
3 for 2010 would have been 54.2%. This is the average of three figures as
explained below, ie, 50%, 70% and 42.5%.

135 First, the first-year occupancy rate achieved by Chromos, a multi-tenanted
BMS building in Biopolis 1. JTC Corporation’s Annual Report for the financial
year 2003 stated that Chromos’s first major private sector tenant was the
Novartis Institute for Tropical Diseases and that it occupied four floors of
Chromos. 165

##### Foot Note 165

×

Second Affidavit of Annie Woo Yen Lee (“AWYL-2”), Annex 2 at p 19.

Chromos has eight above-ground floors and was completed in 2003. 166

##### Foot Note 166

×

AWYL-2, Annex 1 at p 18.

As no information was available on the floor area taken up by Chromos’s other
tenants, Dr Woo estimated that Chromos’s first-year occupancy rate was at
least 50%. 167

##### Foot Note 167

×

AWYL-2, pp 5–6 at para 7.

136 Second, the first-year occupancy rate achieved by Biopolis 2, which is
also a multi-tenanted business park development, and which Dr Woo assessed to
be the most comparable development to Biopolis 3 due to its similar
positioning and locality. 168

##### Foot Note 168

×

AWYL-1, p 28 at para 11.

Biopolis 2 was completed in October 2006. Upon the completion of Biopolis 2,
Ascendas (its developer) published a press release dated 30 October 2006 which
stated that it “[was] actively engaging prospective tenants and [was]
confident of achieving 70% occupancy very shortly”. 169

##### Foot Note 169

×

AWYL-2, Annex 3 at p 20.

This is corroborated by an article submitted to the Journal of Commercial
Biotechnology by the Executive Director of the Economic Development Board
(“EDB”)’s Biomedical Sciences Cluster on 20 November 2007. The article stated
that Biopolis 2 was “now over 80% occupied”. 170

##### Foot Note 170

×

AWYL-2, Annex 4 at p 26.

On this basis, Dr Woo estimated that the first-year occupancy rate for
Biopolis 2 was likely to be 70% (adopting the more conservative of the two
figures). 171

##### Foot Note 171

×

AWYL-2, p 6 at paras 8–10.

137 Third, the average of the projected occupancy rates that would have been
achieved by Biopolis 3 in the No-Delay Scenario at the start of 2010 and the
start of 2011, which Dr Woo estimated to be 35.7% and 49.3% respectively. I
shall elaborate on how Dr Woo derived these two figures below. Assuming that
occupancy growth over the course of 2010 was linear, this would yield an
average first-year occupancy rate for Biopolis 3 of 42.5%, ie, the average of
35.7% and 49.3%, for the whole of 2010. 172

##### Foot Note 172

×

AWYL-2, p 6 at paras 11–12.

This is her explanation:

(a) In their joint expert report, Dr Woo and Mr Yeo projected that Biopolis 3
would have achieved a starting occupancy rate of 35.7% at the start of 2010.
This is because a total of 127,490 sq ft of space in Biopolis 3 (ie, 35.7% of
its total NLA) was under consideration by the five pre-commitment tenants. 173

##### Foot Note 173

×

AWYL-1, p 49 at para 55.

This comprised 30,000 sq ft for ICES, 6,566 sq ft for Abbott, 16,146 sq ft for
NTU, 14,500 sq ft for PetNet and 60,278 sq ft for Philip Morris. Based on
their review of the volume and nature of the exchanges between the plaintiff
and the five pre-commitment tenants, Dr Woo and Mr Yeo assessed that the
negotiations between the plaintiff and these pre-commitment tenants were at an
advanced stage and that there was a strong likelihood that the plaintiff would
have secured all five pre-commitment tenants for occupation in January 2010 if
the delay had not occurred. 174

##### Foot Note 174

×

AWYL-1, p 59 at para 71.

(b) As for the projected occupancy rate of 49.3% at the start of 2011, Dr Woo
explained in her affidavit that she had estimated that the stabilised
occupancy level for Biopolis 3 was 90%. Biopolis 3 would have taken four years
to reach this occupancy level if there was no delay. Dr Woo then adopted a
straight-line projection of occupancy growth from 35.7% in 2010 to 90% in 2014
to estimate the occupancy rates in each of the intervening years. Applying
this method, Dr Woo projected that Biopolis 3 would have achieved an occupancy
rate of 49.3% at the start of 2011. 175

##### Foot Note 175

×

AWYL-1, p 9 at para 18.

138 Taking the average of the three figures in (a), (b) and (c) above, Dr Woo
concluded that Biopolis 3 would have achieved a first-year occupancy rate of
54.2% in 2010 if there had been no delay in completion. 176

##### Foot Note 176

×

AWYL-2, p 7 at Table 1 and para 14.

139 I pause here to note that Dr Woo opined that a fourth figure would be
relevant: the first-year occupancy rates of business park developments that
are less closely comparable to Biopolis 3 (compared to Biopolis 2), but which
nonetheless targeted organisations engaging in R&D in biomedicine,
biotechnology, life sciences and related fields, and those developments with
tenants engaging in R&D or high-technology manufacturing in those fields. Dr
Woo identified four such developments: the Capricorn, the Gemini and the
Kendall at Singapore Science Park (“Science Park”), and the Synergy at
International Business Park. 177

##### Foot Note 177

×

AWYL-1, pp 28–29 at paras 11–12.

However, she did not include these rates in her analysis of Biopolis 3’s
likely first-year occupancy rate because there was no available first-year
occupancy data for these developments. 178

##### Foot Note 178

×

AWYL-2, p 5, para 6; AWYL-1, p 39 at para 35 and p 40 at para 37.

(II) Assoc Prof Yu – 25%

140 Assoc Prof Yu opined that the first-year occupancy rate of Biopolis 3 for
2010 would have been only 25%. He gave three reasons for this: 179

##### Foot Note 179

×

YSM-1, p 32, paras 98–99.

(a) First, Assoc Prof Yu observed that the average occupancy rate of business
parks declined in 2010 as a result of the GFC, and that occupancy rates
reached a low in 2010 before improving in 2011 as general economic conditions
improved. He noted that business park occupancy levels tend to lag behind the
economic cycle, typically because of the time required for the construction of
the property. 180

##### Foot Note 180

×

Transcript (16 April 2021), p 209 at lines 6–19.

He suggested that 25% would be a reasonable occupancy rate in January 2010 for
a new project completed in the aftermath of the GFC.

(b) Second, CleanTech One, another multi-tenanted business park that was
completed in October 2010, achieved only 50% occupancy in its first year. As a
more specialised facility, Biopolis 3 would at best be able to achieve a
first-year occupancy rate of 25% in January 2010.

(c) Third, landlords are usually compelled to provide long rent-free fitting-
out periods of up to six months to attract tenants.

141 Assoc Prof Yu also alluded to “major new supply” as a factor making it
unlikely that Biopolis 3 would achieve a first-year occupancy rate of 30% or
more. 181

##### Foot Note 181

×

YSM-1, p 32 at para 99.

However, when questioned on what this referred to, Assoc Prof Yu clarified
that there was no new supply in respect of BMS R&D buildings in 2010. 182

##### Foot Note 182

×

Transcript (16 April 2021), p 111 at lines 1–4.

He agreed that CleanTech One was not a BMS building. 183

##### Foot Note 183

×

Transcript (16 April 2021), p 110 at line 15.

142 During the trial, Assoc Prof Yu was asked why he did not take into
consideration the five pre-commitment tenants in ascertaining the first-year
occupancy rate for Biopolis 3. He initially explained that these five pre-
commitment tenants were relevant in ascertaining the demand for business park
space generally, but not relevant in ascertaining demand for space in Biopolis
3 specifically, 184

##### Foot Note 184

×

Transcript (15 April 2021), p 118 at lines 19–24.

because the tenancies of these tenants were still under negotiation. 185

##### Foot Note 185

×

Transcript (15 April 2021), p 116 at lines 6–10 and p 117 at lines 1–5.

However, Assoc Prof Yu subsequently agreed that the five pre-commitment
tenants were relevant in ascertaining demand for space in Biopolis 3 since
Biopolis 3 was part of the “basket” of business park space. 186

##### Foot Note 186

×

Transcript (15 April 2021), p 119 at lines 16–24.

(III) Assoc Prof Tay – 40%

143 Assoc Prof Tay took the view that the first-year occupancy rate for
Biopolis 3 for 2010 would have been 40%. 187

##### Foot Note 187

×

Third Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief of Tay Kah Poh (“TKP-3”), p 8 at para 9;
Court Expert’s Re-worked Single Year Computation for 2010 Loss (“TKP-5”), p 1
at para 1.

He arrived at this figure by applying a two-step analysis.

144 First, he determined the weighted average occupancy rate based on
comparable buildings. He identified three comparables: the Capricorn (which
had achieved 69% occupancy within just over a year after completion in
December 2001), Biopolis 2 (which had achieved 100% occupancy within five
years of its completion in 2006) and Biopolis 3 (which actually achieved
approximately 12.9% occupancy in its first year of operation in 2011, ie, in
the Delay Scenario). He assessed the Capricorn to be the weakest comparable
and gave it a weight of 0.2 because its occupancy data is dated and the
Capricorn was not specifically built for BMS tenants. He assessed Biopolis 2
to be a “medium strength” comparable and gave it a weight of 0.3 because there
was a five-year gap in the data and no data on its actual first-year occupancy
in 2006 was available. He assessed Biopolis 3’s actual occupancy rate in late
2011 to be the strongest comparable and gave it a weight of 0.5 as it came
closest chronologically to what Biopolis 3’s occupancy in 2010 would have been
in the No-Delay Scenario. Based on this, Assoc Prof Tay derived a weighted
average occupancy rate of 50%. 188

##### Foot Note 188

×

TKP-5, p 2 at para B.

145 Next, Assoc Prof Tay reduced the weighted average occupancy rate of 50% to
40%, to reflect the volatility of the BMS investment sector. He also cited
Singstat data indicating that there was a sharp drop in fixed asset
investments (ie, plant and machinery) in the BMS manufacturing sector in 2010
and 2011, before a recovery from 2012 onwards. 189

##### Foot Note 189

×

TKP-3, pp 7–8, paras 8–9; PCB, Vol 7 at Tab 79.

Fixed asset investment refers to a company’s incremental capital investment in
facilities, equipment and machinery. 190

##### Foot Note 190

×

PCB, Vol 7 at Tab 79.

While Assoc Prof Tay acknowledged that BMS manufacturing investment is not
directly correlated with BMS R&D expenditure, he opined that it was still a
ground for applying a degree of conservatism in the estimate of Biopolis 3’s
first-year occupancy rate. 191

##### Foot Note 191

×

TKP-5, p 2 at para B.

(B) My findings

146 Before I consider each expert’s analysis, I shall make some findings on
the impact of two particular factors they have taken into account: (a) the
likelihood of the plaintiff securing the five pre-commitment tenants for
occupation in January 2010 if the delay in completion had not occurred, and
(b) the impact of the GFC on demand for unit space in Biopolis 3.

(I) Likelihood of securing the five pre-commitment tenants

147 The plaintiff contends that the delay in completion caused it to lose the
five pre-commitment tenants which would otherwise have leased a total of 35.7%
of the NLA of Biopolis 3 in 2010. Prior to 2010, the plaintiff’s negotiations
with these pre-commitment tenants had reached a very advanced stage. However,
because Biopolis 3 was not completed on time in January 2010 and there was no
certainty as to when it would be completed, the five pre-commitment tenants
decided not to lease unit space in Biopolis 3. 192

##### Foot Note 192

×

LLCH at paras 104 and 109.

This assessment is corroborated by Dr Woo and Mr Yeo, who opined in their
joint expert report that based on market practice and industry norms, the
volume and nature of the exchanges between the plaintiff and the five pre-
commitment tenants indicates that these negotiations were at an advanced
stage. Dr Woo and Mr Yeo assessed that there was a strong likelihood that all
five pre-commitment tenants would have leased space in Biopolis 3 if it had
been completed on time in January 2010. 193

##### Foot Note 193

×

AWYL-1, p 59 at para 71.

148 On the other hand, the defendant submits that the plaintiff has failed to
prove that it was the defendant’s 161 days of delay (as opposed to the
plaintiff’s 173 days of delay) which caused the five pre-commitment tenants
not to enter into lease agreements with the plaintiff. 194

##### Foot Note 194

×

DWS at paras 38 and 42.

The evidence indicates that there were other reasons for these tenants not to
enter into the lease agreements. 195

##### Foot Note 195

×

Defendant’s Opening Statement at para 27.

In particular, the defendant argues that the real reason for the loss of the
five pre-commitment tenants was that the plaintiff’s rental rates for Biopolis
3 were too high. 196

##### Foot Note 196

×

DWS at paras 243–271.

The defendant relies on an email from ICES, one of the five pre-commitment
tenants, to the plaintiff dated 25 September 2009 (the “September 2009 ICES
Email”). This email stated: 197

##### Foot Note 197

×

Second Agreed Bundle of Documents (“2AB”), Vol 6 at p 2899.

We are regretted [sic] to inform you that we will not be taking up the lab &
office space we discussed previously. This is due to the timeline for the
completion is [sic] far longer than our expected delivery date.

Nevertheless, we have found an available space now at a lower rate.

[emphasis added]

149 I accept the plaintiff’s argument that the loss of the five pre-commitment
tenants was caused primarily by the delay in completion, and not by the
plaintiff’s rental rates. Having reviewed the volume and nature of the
exchanges between the plaintiff and the five pre-commitment tenants in detail,
Dr Woo and Mr Yeo concluded that these negotiations were at a relatively
advanced stage based on market practice and industry norms. They opined that
it was likely that all five pre-commitment tenants would have entered into
leases with the plaintiff if Biopolis 3 had been completed on time in January
2010 (see [147] above). 198

##### Foot Note 198

×

AWYL-1, p 59 at para 71.

I agree with the plaintiff’s submission that Dr Woo would be well-placed to
assess whether the negotiations had reached a stage where the parties were
close to concluding a lease based on her many years of real estate experience
and her knowledge of the norms and practices in leasing transactions. 199

##### Foot Note 199

×

PRS at para 36.

Further, while Assoc Prof Tay was more cautious and noted that the evidence
was not definitive, he too observed that the correspondence between the
plaintiff and the five pre-commitment tenants suggested that the loss of these
tenants stemmed largely from the delay in completion. 200

##### Foot Note 200

×

TKP-1, p 34 at para 21.

Hence, I accept the experts’ assessment of the discussions between the
plaintiff and the five pre-commitment tenants.

150 Furthermore, I agree with the plaintiff that reasonable certainty as to
the completion date is a material consideration for any prospective tenant.
201

##### Foot Note 201

×

PRDC at para 44B.

In the present case, the completion date for Biopolis 3 was pushed back a
total of 13 times from the original completion date stated in the LOI (ie, 22
January 2010) to the certified completion date (ie, 12 January 2011). 202

##### Foot Note 202

×

Plaintiff’s Core Bundle (“PCB”), Vol 7 at Tab 92; PWS at paras 59–60.

I also agree with the plaintiff’s submission that the frequent changes in the
completion date would have caused prospective tenants to lose confidence in
the plaintiff’s ability to hand over the premises on time, which would in turn
make these tenants less inclined to commit to leasing unit space in Biopolis
3. 203

##### Foot Note 203

×

PWS at paras 61–62.

The uncertainty as to when Biopolis 3 would be completed and the repeated
postponement of the completion date would naturally have caused the loss of
the five pre-commitment tenants, who would have wanted more certainty
regarding their lease commencement dates before committing to leasing unit
space in Biopolis 3. This is borne out by the correspondence exchanged between
each pre-commitment tenant (or its representative in the negotiations) and the
plaintiff, which supports the plaintiff’s submission that the repeated changes
in the completion date meant that leasing space in Biopolis 3 was no longer in
line with each pre-commitment tenant’s business plans. These repeated changes
may also have caused the five pre-commitment tenants to become frustrated with
the plaintiff. 204

##### Foot Note 204

×

PWS at para 63.

151 Bearing the above in mind, I shall now make some specific observations
with regard to each pre-commitment tenant. The evidence supports the experts’
assessment that the loss of the five pre-commitment tenants was caused
primarily by the delay in the completion of Biopolis 3.

(a) ICES

152 Starting with ICES, although the September 2009 ICES Email (see [148]
above) mentioned that ICES had found another space “at a lower rate”, this
must be read in context. ICES’s primary explanation for not taking up the
space was that “the timeline for … completion [was] far longer than [their]
expected delivery date”. ICES also mentioned that the space offering a lower
rate was “available”. Taken as a whole, the September 2009 ICES Email supports
the plaintiff’s submission that the real and predominant reason for the loss
of ICES as a pre-commitment tenant was the delay in the completion of Biopolis
3. 205

##### Foot Note 205

×

PWS at para 65–66.

The lower rental rate elsewhere was a sweetener.

(b) Abbott

153 As for Abbott, an email to the plaintiff dated 7 April 2010 stressed that
the timely completion of Biopolis 3 was very important as Abbott wished to
have possession of its intended space by October 2010. 206

##### Foot Note 206

×

2AB, Vol 6 at p 2922.

Abbott became disinterested in Biopolis 3 shortly after it was informed on 8
November 2010 that there were further delays in completion and that the
plaintiff was unable to confirm the lease commencement date for Abbott’s
intended space. 207

##### Foot Note 207

×

LLCH at para 125.

This strongly suggests that the delay in completion was the predominant reason
for the loss of Abbott as a pre-commitment tenant. 208

##### Foot Note 208

×

PWS at paras 69–70.

154 The defendant relies on emails between the plaintiff and Abbott or its
representatives in December 2010 and January 2011 to argue that Abbott was
still interested in entering into a lease agreement with the plaintiff even
after it was informed about the further delays in completion on 8 November
2010. 209

##### Foot Note 209

×

DWS at paras 64–65 and 67; DRS at para 52.

However, the fact that Abbott continued to communicate with the plaintiff
after 8 November 2010 (in particular, the email from Abbott’s in-house counsel
on 7 December 2010) 210

##### Foot Note 210

×

2AB, Vol 6 at p 3195.

does not show that its decision to abandon its negotiations with the plaintiff
was not a result of the delay. The plaintiff points out that Abbott’s key
representative in the negotiations (one Mr George Argeropolos, Abbott’s Real
Estate Manager) was no longer involved in the correspondence between Abbott
and the plaintiff by this time. 211

##### Foot Note 211

×

PRS at para 21.

Given the importance to Abbott of the timely completion of Biopolis 3, I
accept that the delay was likely to have been the predominant reason for its
decision not to lease unit space at Biopolis 3.

155 Further, although there are no emails from Abbott showing that it had
abandoned the negotiations because of the delay, I agree with the plaintiff’s
submission that it was not necessary for Abbott to express its dissatisfaction
over email since the easiest way for Abbott to disengage from the negotiations
would have been for its senior management or key representatives to stop
responding altogether. 212

##### Foot Note 212

×

PWS at para 71.

(c) NTU

156 Similarly, in NTU’s email to the plaintiff dated 8 September 2009, it
enquired about the expected completion date for Biopolis 3 and whether the
previous target completion date (May 2010) was still achievable. 213

##### Foot Note 213

×

2AB, Vol 6 at p 3218.

The plaintiff replied that the expected completion date was now end-May 2010
or June 2010. 214

##### Foot Note 214

×

2AB, Vol 6 at p 3222.

In subsequent emails dated 12 March 2010 and 13 October 2010, NTU asked for
further updates on the expected completion date. 215

##### Foot Note 215

×

2AB, Vol 6 at pp 3224 and 3397.

Eventually, after the plaintiff informed NTU that the expected completion date
was now mid-December 2010, NTU replied on 1 November 2010 stating that it
would no longer require the space at Biopolis 3. 216

##### Foot Note 216

×

2AB, Vol 6 at p 3396.

This, too, indicates that the delay in completion was the predominant reason
for the loss of NTU as a pre-commitment tenant for Biopolis 3. I agree with
the plaintiff’s submission that NTU’s regular enquiries on the completion date
indicated its strong interest, which waned when it was faced with the repeated
postponement of the completion date. 217

##### Foot Note 217

×

PWS at paras 73–74.

157 The defendant submits that the more likely reason for the loss of NTU as a
pre-commitment tenant was that it no longer required the space. The size and
location of the space required by NTU changed multiple times over the course
of its negotiations with the plaintiff. 218

##### Foot Note 218

×

DWS at paras 72 and 75.

However, I agree with the plaintiff’s submission that the evidence shows that
NTU was uncomfortable with the repeated delays in completion. 219

##### Foot Note 219

×

PRS at para 25.

(d) Philip Morris

158 As for Philip Morris, EDB had informed the plaintiff that Philip Morris
was intending for its R&D centre to be operational by the third or fourth
quarter of 2010. 220

##### Foot Note 220

×

2AB, Vol 7 at p 3398.

The memorandum of understanding dated 29 April 2009, which was signed between
the plaintiff and Philip Morris, provided for an exclusivity period until 31
July 2009. During this exclusivity period, the plaintiff was not to market
Philip Morris’s intended space in Biopolis 3 to any other prospective tenants.
221

##### Foot Note 221

×

2AB, Vol 7 at pp 3441 and 3444–3445.

At a meeting on 5 June 2009, Philip Morris informed the plaintiff that it
intended to commence fitting-out work from early January 2010 and to complete
this work by October 2010, with full operations commencing sometime in January
2011. 222

##### Foot Note 222

×

2AB, Vol 7 at pp 3465–3466.

At follow-up meetings, the plaintiff informed Philip Morris that it was
unlikely that Biopolis 3 would be completed by 31 May 2010, and that the
plaintiff was unable to confirm a completion date. 223

##### Foot Note 223

×

LLCH at para 144, read with Transcript (23 March 2021) at p 104, lines 9–12.

On 26 June 2009, the plaintiff was asked to provide an update on the
construction progress of Biopolis 3. 224

##### Foot Note 224

×

2AB, Vol 7 at p 3652.

Subsequently, on 1 August 2009, Philip Morris informed the plaintiff that the
exclusivity period had expired and would not be extended. 225

##### Foot Note 225

×

2AB, Vol 7 at p 3657.

159 Philip Morris later leased space at another business park, the Kendall, in
early 2010. 226

##### Foot Note 226

×

LLCH at para 145.

During the trial, the defendant’s counsel highlighted that the gross monthly
rental rate at the Kendall was $3.80 per sq ft (inclusive of service charges).
227

##### Foot Note 227

×

Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief of Dennis Yeo Huang Kiat (“DYHK”), p 186 at
Annex 66.

This is significantly lower than the plaintiff’s asking monthly rental rate
for Biopolis 3, which was between $4.50 and $5.50 per sq ft. 228

##### Foot Note 228

×

2AB, Vol 7 at p 3442.

On this basis, the defendant submits that the loss of Philip Morris as a pre-
commitment tenant was “simply because [Philip Morris] agreed to more
attractive terms at [the] Kendall” and that “the cheaper rent in [the] Kendall
speaks for itself”. 229

##### Foot Note 229

×

DWS at paras 55–56.

However, Mr Leow explained that this comparison of rental rates was too
simplistic. While the Kendall’s monthly rental rates might appear lower,
Biopolis 3 was equipped with a district cooling system which reduced the
capital expenditure and air-conditioning expenditure that its tenants would
have to incur. 230

##### Foot Note 230

×

PWS at para 80.

Further, Biopolis 3 is located in One-North, which is a superior location to
Science Park (where the Kendall was located). 231

##### Foot Note 231

×

Transcript (25 March 2021), p 29 at lines 9–11 and 24–25; p 30 at lines 2–18;
p 31 at lines 12–18; PWS at para 80.

160 In these circumstances, I accept the plaintiff’s argument that the delay
was the reason for Philip Morris ending the negotiations. 232

##### Foot Note 232

×

PCB, Vol 7, Tab 91; PWS at para 76.

The Kendall’s lower asking rental rates may not have translated into longer-
term cost savings for Philip Morris. In any event, as the plaintiff submits,
Phillip Morris would already have taken into account the higher rental rates
at Biopolis 3 before engaging in substantive negotiations with the plaintiff.
233

##### Foot Note 233

×

PRS at para 27.

In my view, the fact that the Kendall’s asking rental rates were lower on
paper was merely a secondary consideration that helped Philip Morris to
ultimately decide to choose the Kendall over Biopolis 3. The predominant
reason for the loss of Philip Morris as a tenant was still the delay in the
completion of Biopolis 3.

(e) PetNet

161 I turn finally to PetNet. The plaintiff and PetNet had been in
negotiations since July 2008. In its email dated 18 November 2008, PetNet
informed the plaintiff that it required a facility called a cyclotron to be
rigged into the Biopolis 3 building in late November 2009 or early December
2009. 234

##### Foot Note 234

×

2AB, Vol 7 at p 3667.

Later, on 6 January 2009, PetNet wrote to the plaintiff seeking updates on the
completion of Biopolis 3. 235

##### Foot Note 235

×

2AB, Vol 7 at p 3668.

After the plaintiff confirmed that there had been a delay in completion, 236

##### Foot Note 236

×

LLCH at para 129.

PetNet informed the plaintiff on 8 January 2009 that it was “becoming
increasingly nervous about the potential delay in … Biopolis 3’s construction
schedule, negatively effecting [sic] [their] project plan’s timeline”. 237

##### Foot Note 237

×

2AB, Vol 7 at p 3669.

On 10 June 2010, PetNet confirmed that it (and not Siemens) would be signing
the lease agreement with the plaintiff. 238

##### Foot Note 238

×

2AB, Vol 7 at p 3776.

However, at this point, the plaintiff was not in a position to sign the lease
agreement as Biopolis 3 was not yet ready. 239

##### Foot Note 239

×

Transcript (31 March 2021), p 89 at lines 19–25.

162 Over a year later, during a meeting on 8 August 2011 (after the completion
of Biopolis 3), PetNet asked whether the plaintiff could reduce the area of
the space to be leased by PetNet. The plaintiff refused as the space had been
designed and constructed in accordance with PetNet’s specifications. At that
meeting, PetNet informed the plaintiff that it might have to change its
business plans. 240

##### Foot Note 240

×

2AB, Vol 7 at p 3796.

Mr Leow pointed out that that PetNet was interested in setting up business in
Biopolis 3 and the plaintiff had incurred millions of dollars building the
cyclotron for PetNet. Further, PetNet and the plaintiff had been engaged in
negotiations for one to two years before PetNet withdrew. Mr Leow opined that,
based on his years of business experience, PetNet’s conduct suggested that the
prolonged delay in Biopolis 3’s completion caused PetNet to be “brought to a
timeline where … their type of business no longer is competitive”. 241

##### Foot Note 241

×

Transcript (31 March 2021), p 91 at lines 22–25 and p 92 at lines 10–14.

163 Compared to the other four pre-commitment tenants, the correspondence
between the plaintiff and PetNet is less clear in indicating the reason for
PetNet’s decision not to lease unit space at Biopolis 3. Nevertheless, I am of
the view that the delay in completion was the predominant reason for the loss
of PetNet as a pre-commitment tenant. Although PetNet’s decision not to take
up the lease appears to have been finalised after Biopolis 3 had been
certified complete on 12 January 2011, the fact remains that PetNet had
expressed concern about the delay in completion negatively affecting its
project plans. The defendant does not dispute that PetNet’s reason for not
taking up the lease was that PetNet’s business plans had changed. 242

##### Foot Note 242

×

DWS at para 44.

PetNet’s change in business plans occurred after Biopolis 3’s completion date
had already been delayed by almost a year. This suggests that the change in
PetNet’s business plans was itself caused by the delay in completion. It must
be borne in mind that Biopolis 3’s completion date was pushed back a total of
13 times. I agree with the plaintiff’s submission that the delay caused PetNet
to lose its first-mover advantage as other providers of cyclotron services had
entered the Singapore market by this time. 243

##### Foot Note 243

×

PWS at paras 81(i) and 82.

Hence, I am of the view that, on the balance of probabilities, PetNet would
have leased unit space in Biopolis 3 if there had been no prolonged delay to
completion. It was very costly for PetNet to terminate its interest at
Biopolis 3 as it had to compensate the plaintiff about $4.75m (which I shall
elaborate on at [165] below).

164 At this juncture, I would like to deal with the further issue of whether
the plaintiff has already recovered part of its loss of net rental revenue
from PetNet, such that its claim against the defendant would amount to double
recovery.

165 First, the plaintiff and PetNet had entered into a settlement agreement
under which PetNet paid the plaintiff $4.75m in 2014. 244

##### Foot Note 244

×

2AB, Vol 1 at p 183; Transcript (31 March 2021), p 36 at lines 23–25 and p 37
at line 1.

However, I accept the plaintiff’s submission that this sum did not represent
the loss of net rental revenue that would have been earned from PetNet.
Instead, this sum was compensation for the construction and reinstatement
costs that would be incurred by the plaintiff as a result of PetNet
terminating its interest at Biopolis 3. 245

##### Foot Note 245

×

PRS at para 3.

Mr Leow explained that the settlement sum paid by PetNet was compensation for
the costs incurred by the plaintiff in building the cyclotron for PetNet, and
not compensation for the loss of net rental revenue. 246

##### Foot Note 246

×

Transcript (24 March 2021), p 64 at lines 4–6 and p 71 at lines 20–22;
Transcript (31 March 2021), p 38 at lines 1–4 and p 100 at lines 13–20.

During his cross-examination, the defendant’s counsel put it to Mr Leow that
this $4.75m which the plaintiff received from PetNet should be deducted from
the plaintiff’s claim against the defendant for loss of net rental revenue. Mr
Leow disagreed and insisted that the $4.75m was a “separate item altogether”.
247

##### Foot Note 247

×

Transcript (31 March 2021), p 38 at lines 8–15.

I note that he agreed with the defendant’s counsel’s final suggestion that the
plaintiff was double-claiming by refusing to deduct the $4.75m from its claim
against the defendant. On this basis, the defendant submits that Mr Leow
conceded that the plaintiff was double-claiming. 248

##### Foot Note 248

×

DWS at para 15.

However, when this apparent concession is read in the context of Mr Leow’s
steadfast disagreement until that point, I believe that he had misunderstood
the question when he agreed with the final suggestion: 249

##### Foot Note 249

×

Transcript (31 March 2021), p 38 at lines 8–19; p 39 at lines 24–25; p 40 at
lines 1–9.

Q: … So would you agree with me that this 4.75 million that you received from
PETNET should be deducted from any claim by [the plaintiff] against [the
defendant] for loss of rental revenue?

A: No.

Q: Would you agree that if it's not deducted, then it would amount to a double
claim?

A: No, it's a separate item altogether.

Q: This sum of 4.75 million should be deducted from the 12.1 million that
you're claiming from [the defendant] for loss of revenue. Would you agree?

A: No, disagree.

…

Q: … [A]ssuming the court makes that finding [ie, that the plaintiff did not
mitigate its loss], then I put it to you that the 4.75 million that you
received from PETNET should be deducted from the claim of 4.5 million.

A: I think this 4.75 million has got nothing to do with these losses I've
suffered when I lost PETNET.

Q: Sure. Final put on this point. By refusing to deduct the 4.75 million from
any monies you're claiming from [the defendant], you're actually double-
claiming. Would you agree?

A: Agree.

[emphasis added]

166 Unfortunately, the plaintiff’s counsel did not clarify this issue in re-
examination.

167 The defendant submits that, whether this settlement sum of $4.75m was paid
to the plaintiff by PetNet as compensation for loss of net rental revenue or
as compensation for the construction and reinstatement costs relating to the
cyclotron, this sum should be deducted from any damages awarded to the
plaintiff. 250

##### Foot Note 250

×

DWS at para 12; Transcript (28 June 2021), p 89 at lines 9–24.

Even though Mr Leow testified that the settlement sum was meant to cover the
costs incurred by the plaintiff in building the cyclotron, Mr Leow also gave
evidence that the plaintiff did not in fact incur any reinstatement costs as
the plaintiff did not demolish the cyclotron and reinstate the premises to
ordinary lab space. 251

##### Foot Note 251

×

Transcript (31 March 2021), p 34 at lines 10–25.

This was because the plaintiff eventually found another tenant in 2017 who
wanted unit space with a cyclotron. 252

##### Foot Note 252

×

Transcript (31 March 2021), p 33 at lines 2–5; DWS at para 13.

Therefore, the defendant argues that the substantial settlement sum of $4.75m
was a “windfall” which compensated the plaintiff for PetNet’s decision not to
execute its lease, 253

##### Foot Note 253

×

Transcript (28 June 2021), p 88 at lines 8–14.

and which should be deducted from any damages awarded to the plaintiff. 254

##### Foot Note 254

×

DWS at paras 13–14.

The defendant further emphasises that the precise terms of, and leading to,
the plaintiff’s settlement with PetNet remain unknown. 255

##### Foot Note 255

×

DWS at para 12.

168 However, I am unable to agree with the defendant’s submissions on this
point. Based on Mr Leow’s testimony in court, I accept that the settlement sum
of $4.75m was not meant to compensate the plaintiff for the rental revenue
that the plaintiff would have earned from PetNet if PetNet had not been lost
as a pre-commitment tenant. Since the plaintiff had incurred millions of
dollars building the cyclotron for PetNet and constructing PetNet’s unit space
in accordance with PetNet’s specifications (see [162] above), I find it more
likely that the $4.75m was paid by PetNet to compensate the plaintiff for its
wasted expenditure. The fact that the plaintiff found another tenant who
wanted a cyclotron several years later does not change the fact that, in 2014,
the settlement sum was intended to cover the expenditure that the plaintiff
had already incurred in building the cyclotron and the expenditure that the
plaintiff might have to incur to demolish it if no alternative tenant was
found. This is separate and distinct from, and has no nexus to, the loss of
net rental revenue which the plaintiff claims from the defendant in the
present proceedings. Further, the defendant did not adduce any evidence to
rebut the plaintiff’s assertions and there is no evidence to show that the
$4.75m would cause double-counting to arise in the quantum of damages sought
by the plaintiff. Hence, in my view, there is no double-counting and the
settlement sum of $4.75m should not be deducted from the damages awarded to
the plaintiff.

169 Second, the plaintiff had issued invoices to PetNet for rent in 2011 and
2012. 256

##### Foot Note 256

×

2AB, Vol 7 at pp 5041–5050.

However, Mr Leow confirmed that the plaintiff did not receive any payment from
PetNet under these invoices and that these invoices were eventually written
off in the plaintiff’s accounts. 257

##### Foot Note 257

×

Transcript (31 March 2021), p 94 at lines 17–24 and p 98 at lines 5–8.

This is corroborated by the plaintiff’s audited financial statements for 2012.
258

##### Foot Note 258

×

PRS at para 30; 2AB, Vol 1 at pp 83 and 89.

The defendant has not adduced any evidence to the contrary.

170 Therefore, no issue of double recovery arises with regard to either the
plaintiff’s settlement agreement with PetNet or the invoices rendered by the
plaintiff to PetNet.

(f) Conclusion on the five pre-commitment tenants

171 I, therefore, find that the plaintiff has proved on the balance of
probabilities that the loss of the five pre-commitment tenants was caused
primarily by the delay in the completion of Biopolis 3. If the delay had not
occurred, the five pre-commitment tenants would have leased a total of 35.7%
of Biopolis 3’s NLA in 2010. Hence, I accept Dr Woo and Mr Yeo’s assessment
that Biopolis 3 would have achieved a starting occupancy rate of 35.7% at the
start of 2010 if the delay in completion had not occurred.

(II) Impact of the global financial crisis on demand for unit space

172 Both Assoc Prof Yu and Assoc Prof Tay took the view that the GFC would
have lowered the first-year occupancy rate achieved by Biopolis 3 if it had
been completed in 2010. Assoc Prof Tay also suggested that the volatility of
the BMS investment sector justified a more conservative estimate of Biopolis
3’s first-year occupancy rate. This appears to have been the main factor that
led Assoc Prof Yu to adopt an estimate of 25% and Assoc Prof Tay to reduce his
estimate from 50% to 40%.

173 The plaintiff submits that the GFC had no impact on the demand for BMS R&D
space. 259

##### Foot Note 259

×

PWS at para 17.

The plaintiff relies on Singstat data showing that expenditure on R&D for
biomedical and related sciences remained fairly constant, and indeed increased
slightly, from 2009 to 2011, notwithstanding that Gross Domestic Product
growth slowed down as a result of the GFC. 260

##### Foot Note 260

×

PCB, Vol 7, Tab 76 at p 1 and Tab 80 at pp 1–2; PWS at paras 18 and 22.

Further, the plaintiff submits that the government did not waver in its
support for the BMS R&D sector and investments continued to pour in to ensure
the growth of this sector. Hence, there was strong demand for BMS R&D space
notwithstanding the GFC. 261

##### Foot Note 261

×

PWS at paras 23–24.

The plaintiff also relies on the fact that the occupancy levels of Biopolis 1
and Biopolis 2 remained close to 100% even during the years when the GFC had
impacted Singapore’s economy, 262

##### Foot Note 262

×

PWS at para 25.

and the fact that the plaintiff had received around 70 expressions of interest
from prospective tenants (many of whom were multi-national corporations,
government-linked corporations and institutes of higher learning) even during
the period from 2008 to 2010. 263

##### Foot Note 263

×

PWS at paras 26–28; PCB, Vol 8 at Tab 114.

Finally, the plaintiff relies on JTC Corporation’s letter dated 21 October
2009 (“JTC’s October 2009 Letter”) which informed the plaintiff that there was
strong interest for space in Biopolis 3 despite the economic downturn. 264

##### Foot Note 264

×

2AB, Vol 5 at p 2744; PWS at para 29–31.

174 On the other hand, the defendant argues that the GFC had an impact on
demand for rental space in the BMS R&D sector and would have significantly
affected Biopolis 3’s first-year occupancy rate if it had been completed in
2010. 265

##### Foot Note 265

×

DWS at para 78.

In Assoc Prof Yu’s expert report, he opined that the BMS industry “went
through a volatile period in 2008 and the weakening of the sector with falling
output led to the substantial drop in demand for business park space in 2008”.
Assoc Prof Yu further noted that the BMS sector was “a very volatile sector,
which heavily impacts on the demand for business park space”. 266

##### Foot Note 266

×

YSM-1 at pp 18–19, paras 46–50.

The defendant points out that the fact that BMS R&D expenditure remained
constant does not mean that rental expenditure and occupancy rates would have
remained constant. This would depend on whether that expenditure went towards
leasing premises or was instead used for other purposes such as purchasing
equipment, recruiting manpower, or capital or operating expenditure. 267

##### Foot Note 267

×

DWS at para 79.

In this regard, the defendant relies on JTC J-Space data showing that the
occupancy rates for One-North dropped from 94.25% in 2009 to 92.33% in 2010
and 82.45% in 2011, before increasing in 2012. 268

##### Foot Note 268

×

DCB, Vol 8 at Tab 163.

Based on this data, the defendant argues that BMS R&D companies may have
increased their spending on variable costs such as hiring manpower or
procuring equipment during this period, but avoided committing to long-term
leases (which would require expensive fitting-out works to be done) in view of
the global uncertainties caused by the GFC. 269

##### Foot Note 269

×

DWS at para 80; DRS at paras 32–33.

175 Having considered the data and arguments put forth by both parties, I am
of the view that the GFC did have some impact on the BMS R&D sector, but did
not have as significant an impact on the occupancy rates of BMS R&D
developments (such as Biopolis 3) as the defendant suggests.

176 I accept that the GFC would have had some impact on the first-year
occupancy rate of Biopolis 3 if it had been completed in 2010. Indeed, in the
Liability Judgment (HC) at [378], I found that the plaintiff had embarked on a
subtle campaign to slow down the completion of Biopolis 3 largely due to the
GFC which threw a pall of uncertainty over the demand for Biopolis 3 at that
time. One of the plaintiff’s witnesses, Mr Onn Soon Lee, admitted during the
trial on liability that the GFC had a considerable impact on the likely demand
for Biopolis 3 at the time (see the Liability Judgment (HC) at [379]). 270

##### Foot Note 270

×

Transcript (10 August 2018), p 13 at lines 22–25; DWS at para 83.

Therefore, the plaintiff knew that the GFC would have some impact on demand
for Biopolis 3. The plaintiff contends that these were “comments by laymen”
271

##### Foot Note 271

×

PRS at para 42.

and thus irrelevant. But these comments were not from any ordinary lay person.
This was the opinion of the plaintiff’s own witnesses who constructed Biopolis
3 to serve the BMS R&D industry. Hence, this opinion provides a useful
indicator of the actual impact of the GFC on Biopolis 3 at the material time.

177 I also agree with the defendant’s argument (supported by Assoc Prof Yu’s
assessment) 272

##### Foot Note 272

×

Transcript (16 April 2021), p 155, lines 24–25 and p 156, lines 1–12.

that the fact that overall expenditure on BMS R&D remained fairly constant did
not mean it would not affect the demand for BMS R&D space, such that the
occupancy rates of BMS R&D developments would also remain constant. While the
JTC J-Space occupancy rate data relied on by the defendant was based on the
whole One-North area, which includes non-BMS business parks such as
Fusionopolis and Mediapolis (which focus on information and communications
technologies, media, physical sciences and engineering), 273

##### Foot Note 273

×

AWYL-1, p 32 at Table 2.1.

it does suggest that the GFC may have had some impact on occupancy rates of
developments in the vicinity of Biopolis 3. I acknowledge that this could also
be attributable to the increase in supply due to the introduction of
Fusionopolis Phase 2B in the fourth quarter of 2010. 274

##### Foot Note 274

×

PCB, Vol 7 at Tab 89; Transcript (19 April 2021), p 58, lines 14–21; PWS at
para 43(b).

However, as the defendant points out, the occupancy rates of Fusionopolis
Phase 2B at the material time are not in evidence. 275

##### Foot Note 275

×

DRS at para 39.

The fact that the actual first-year occupancy rate achieved by Biopolis 3 in
2011 was only 12.9% 276

##### Foot Note 276

×

ATS-1, p 93 at Figure 2.

further suggests that the GFC did have some impact on demand for BMS R&D
space, even if the GFC was not the only factor accounting for the low
occupancy rate of 12.9%.

178 Further, while BMS manufacturing investment may not be directly correlated
with BMS R&D expenditure, I am inclined to think that there would,
nevertheless, be some interconnection between the two sectors. I accept the
plaintiff’s submission that investments in BMS manufacturing are not the same
as investments in BMS R&D. 277

##### Foot Note 277

×

PWS at para 33.

However, I agree with the defendant’s submission that both BMS manufacturing
and BMS R&D are ultimately still part of an interconnected BMS industry
“ecosystem”, 278

##### Foot Note 278

×

Transcript (15 April 2021), p 97 at lines 17–18.

such that a drop in manufacturing would affect the BMS industry as a whole
and, by extension, demand for BMS R&D space. 279

##### Foot Note 279

×

DWS at paras 78 and 82; DRS at para 37.

For example, it is conceivable that some of the output produced by BMS R&D
would eventually need to be manufactured for wider use. If the demand for such
output fell as a result of a drop in manufacturing investment, this could also
have an impact further upstream on the BMS R&D sector. Therefore, BMS R&D
expenditure is unlikely to be wholly unaffected by economic conditions
affecting the BMS manufacturing sector. This conclusion is supported by Assoc
Prof Tay’s comment that “all industries would be affected to some extent” by
the GFC because “the economies are all interconnected”. 280

##### Foot Note 280

×

Transcript (19 April 2021), p 40 at lines 6–10.

179 However, I do not think the impact of the GFC was as significant as the
defendant claims. Assoc Prof Yu’s opinion, on which the defendant relies, was
not supported by specific empirical data or detailed analysis relating to the
BMS R&D sector. 281

##### Foot Note 281

×

PWS at paras 35–36.

180 In October 2009, JTC Corporation sent JTC’s October 2009 Letter to the
plaintiff (referred to at [173] above) which stated that “[d]espite the recent
economic downturn, there has been strong interest for space in Biopolis Phase
3, judging from the queries from various multi-national companies introduced
by EDB during the past few months”. 282

##### Foot Note 282

×

2AB, Vol 5 at p 2744.

Assoc Prof Yu, in his cross-examination, accepted that JTC Corporation, as the
public body in charge of developing and marketing business parks in Singapore,
would have authoritative and reliable data regarding these business parks. 283

##### Foot Note 283

×

Transcript (15 April 2021), p 67 at lines 22–25; p 68 at lines 1–15; p 69 at
lines 1–5.

181 I also accept Dr Woo’s assessment that demand for BMS R&D space is
relatively stable and resilient because of the highly specialised nature of
the BMS R&D sector. 284

##### Foot Note 284

×

Transcript (6 April 2021), p 77, lines 4–8 and p 78, lines 1–3; Transcript (8
April 2021), p 37 at lines 15–25 and p 38 at line 1.

Dr Woo relied on Singstat data showing that the correlation between BMS R&D
expenditure and Gross Domestic Product growth from 2008–2014 was weak. 285

##### Foot Note 285

×

PCB, Vol 7 at Tab 76.

This is borne out by the fact that the average occupancy rates for One-North
remained high in 2010 and 2011 at 92.3% and 82.5% respectively,
notwithstanding that these rates were lower than the average occupancy rate of
94.3% for One-North in 2009. 286

##### Foot Note 286

×

PCB, Vol 7 at Tab 73; PWS at para 43(c).

182 Furthermore, in view of the fact that the occupancy levels of Biopolis 1
and Biopolis 2 remained close to 100% despite the GFC, and the plaintiff
received numerous expressions of interest from prospective tenants even during
the period when the GFC had impacted Singapore’s economy, I agree with the
plaintiff that the impact of the GFC on the BMS R&D sector may not have been
very significant. While it is true that expressions of interest are
preliminary enquiries and do not signal a substantive commitment, 287

##### Foot Note 287

×

DRS at para 40.

they are nevertheless indicative of the market demand for a property. The
defendant also argues that there might be many other reasons why the occupancy
levels of Biopolis 1 and Biopolis 2 did not change, such as the fact that
existing tenants had already committed to multi-year leases in those
developments. In contrast, prospective tenants who were considering expanding
into new premises might hold back on committing to leases. 288

##### Foot Note 288

×

DRS at para 65.

Hence, the defendant contends that there is “no correlation” between the high
occupancy levels of Biopolis 1 and Biopolis 2 and the demand for “fresh” BMS
R&D space. 289

##### Foot Note 289

×

DRS at para 34.

However, when the stable and high occupancy levels of Biopolis 1 and Biopolis
2 are viewed together with the numerous expressions of interest from
prospective tenants, JTC’s October 2009 Letter and the data discussed above,
they support the conclusion that the impact of the GFC on the BMS R&D sector
was not as significant as the defendant claims.

183 Hence, I find that the impact of the GFC on the first-year occupancy rate
that Biopolis 3 would have achieved if it had been completed in 2010 should
not be overstated. Nor should the volatility of the BMS R&D investment sector
be overemphasised. While the GFC would have had some impact on occupancy rates
for BMS R&D space, its impact is unlikely to have been as significant as the
defendant contends. As Mr Yeo explained, market demand for specialised
business park space such as Biopolis 3 may not move in tandem with a country’s
overall economic performance because BMS R&D is the “lifeblood” of the BMS
sector. 290

##### Foot Note 290

×

DYHK, p 5 at para 12; Transcript (9 April 2021), p 120 at lines 15–25; PWS at
para 37.

The specialised nature of this sector may, therefore, provide some buffer
against the effect of general economic conditions.

(III) Evaluation of the experts’ projected first-year occupancy rates

184 With the above findings in mind, I turn to consider each expert’s
projected first-year occupancy rates for Biopolis 3 in 2010.

185 First, I am of the view that Dr Woo’s first-year occupancy rate of 54.2%
for Biopolis 3 is too high. As I have explained at [149]–[171] above, I accept
Dr Woo and Mr Yeo’s assessment that Biopolis 3 would have achieved a starting
occupancy rate of 35.7% at the start of 2010 if the delay in completion had
not occurred. However, even if I accept that Biopolis 3’s occupancy rate at
the start of 2011 would have been 49.3%, the average of these two figures
(representing Biopolis 3’s first-year occupancy rate for the whole of 2010)
would be only 42.5%. I do not agree that a further average should be taken of
42.5%, 50% (Chromos’s first-year occupancy rate) and 70% (Biopolis 2’s first-
year occupancy rate). Dr Woo explained that the latter two figures should be
taken into account because both Chromos and Biopolis 2 are similarly targeted
at the BMS R&D sector and are situated in similar locations, and they are
therefore good comparables with Biopolis 3. 291

##### Foot Note 291

×

AWYL-2, p 7 at para 13.

However, in my view, there are two reasons why these two figures should be
excluded:

(a) First, this would lead to the high occupancy rates achieved by Biopolis 2
being taken into account twice. Dr Woo’s projected second-year occupancy rate
of 49.3% for Biopolis 3 was derived by projecting occupancy growth in a
straight line from 35.7% at the start of 2010 to 90% (stabilised occupancy) in
2014. Dr Woo’s estimate of 90% as the appropriate stabilised occupancy level
for Biopolis 3 was, in turn, based on the stabilised occupancy levels achieved
by five comparable business park developments, one of which was Biopolis 2.
292

##### Foot Note 292

×

AWYL-1, p 28 at paras 8–10.

If Biopolis 2’s first-year occupancy rate of 70% is taken into account again
at this step of the analysis, the high occupancy rates achieved by Biopolis 2
may be given too much weight.

(b) Second, the empirical occupancy rate data for Chromos and Biopolis 2 is
somewhat dated. Dr Woo acknowledged that both of these developments were
completed during a different time period, with Chromos having been completed
in 2003 and Biopolis 2 having been completed in 2006. 293

##### Foot Note 293

×

AWYL-2, p 7 at para 13.

If Biopolis 3 had been completed on time in 2010, this would have been four
years after Biopolis 2 was completed. As market conditions may change over
time, it cannot be assumed that the first-year occupancy rates achieved by
Chromos and Biopolis 2 in 2003 and 2006 respectively are representative of
those which Biopolis 3 would have achieved in 2010. During the trial, Dr Woo
acknowledged that the lack of currency of the Chromos and Biopolis 2 data
could reduce its reliability. 294

##### Foot Note 294

×

Transcript (9 April 2021), p 75 at lines 13–19 and p 76, lines 10–12.

186 I, therefore, find that Dr Woo’s estimated first-year occupancy rate of
54.2% for Biopolis 3 is overly optimistic. In my view, the figure of 42.5%
(which Dr Woo derived from averaging the projected occupancy rates that
Biopolis 3 would have achieved at the start of 2010 and the start of 2011 if
there had been no delay in completion) is a more accurate estimate of Biopolis
3’s first-year occupancy rate in 2010. Further, if the plaintiff was only able
to attract the five pre-commitment tenants (accounting for 35.7% of the NLA)
despite having commenced marketing for Biopolis 3 in 2008, I find it unlikely
that the plaintiff would have managed to secure an additional 18.5% of
occupancy (amounting to a total of 54.2%) over the course of 2010 alone.
Instead, it is more realistic that the plaintiff would have managed to secure
only an additional 6.8% of occupancy over the course of 2010 (amounting to a
total of 42.5%). This is a fair assessment as Biopolis 3 only managed to
achieve an occupancy rate of 12.9% in 2011.

187 I turn now to Assoc Prof Yu’s estimate of 25%. In my view, this is far too
low.

188 First, this is the same figure that he adopted as the estimated occupancy
rate for Biopolis 3 in January 2010\. Therefore, it assumes that no other
tenants would have leased unit space in Biopolis 3 over the course of 2010.
Applying Dr Woo’s approach of averaging the projected occupancy rates that
Biopolis 3 would have achieved at the start of 2010 and the start of 2011, but
using Assoc Prof Yu’s projected rates of 25% and 60% respectively, 295

##### Foot Note 295

×

YSM-1, p 33 at paras 104(a)–104(b).

the first-year occupancy rate for Biopolis 3 for the whole of 2010 would be
42.5%.

189 Second, as Assoc Prof Tay observed, 296

##### Foot Note 296

×

TKP-1, p 37 at para 40.

Assoc Prof Yu’s analysis was based on generic islandwide business park data.
As such, it may not adequately reflect the specialised nature of the BMS R&D
sector and the government’s active promotion of this sector. Therefore, Assoc
Prof Yu’s analysis is also likely to have overstated the effect of the GFC on
Biopolis 3’s projected first-year occupancy rate in 2010. As I have observed
at [183] above, the specialised nature of the BMS R&D sector may provide some
buffer against the effect of general economic conditions which would affect
other non-specialised developments.

190 Third, Assoc Prof Yu did not explain in detail the basis for arriving at a
figure of 25% as a reasonable occupancy rate. For example, he stated that
Biopolis 3 (as a more specialised facility) would be able to achieve a lower
occupancy rate than CleanTech One, but did not explain why he reduced
CleanTech One’s first-year occupancy rate of 50% by half to arrive at a first-
year occupancy rate of 25% for Biopolis 3. During his re-examination, he
stated that he had simply used his professional judgment to arrive at his
estimated occupancy rates. 297

##### Foot Note 297

×

Transcript (16 April 2021), p 183 at lines 16–19.

Further, as the plaintiff points out, occupancy data from CleanTech One is not
contemporaneous as it was completed in 2012 (not 2010) and CleanTech One was
also a specialised building, albeit in a different sector from Biopolis 3. 298

##### Foot Note 298

×

PWS at para 202.

I agree with the plaintiff’s submission that Assoc Prof Yu provided no basis
for halving the 50% occupancy achieved by CleanTech One to derive Biopolis 3’s
occupancy rate for 2010.

191 Hence, I find that Assoc Prof Yu’s estimated first-year occupancy rate of
25% for Biopolis 3 is overly conservative.

192 Finally, I come to Assoc Prof Tay’s estimate of 40%. As I have explained
at [143] above, he first determined the weighted average occupancy rate based
on three comparable buildings (50%) and then reduced this rate to reflect the
volatility of the BMS sector. I see no reason to question Assoc Prof Tay’s
calculation of the weighted average occupancy rate, which is based
predominantly on the actual occupancy rate achieved by Biopolis 3 in late 2011
and which takes into account the lack of currency of the data for Biopolis 2.
However, with respect, I do not agree with Assoc Prof Tay that this figure
should be reduced to 40%. As I have explained at [175]–[183] above, the impact
of the GFC on the first-year occupancy rate that Biopolis 3 would have
achieved if it had been completed in 2010 is unlikely to have been so
significant as to justify a one-fifth reduction in occupancy. During the
trial, Assoc Prof Tay agreed that the reduction from 50% to 40% was based on
his professional judgment and “gut feel”. 299

##### Foot Note 299

×

Transcript (19 April 2021), p 51 at lines 11–14.

His assessment of the impact of the GFC also vacillated over the course of his
questioning. When he was questioned by the plaintiff’s counsel, he agreed that
the evidence showed that the demand for BMS R&D space was unaffected by the
GFC. 300

##### Foot Note 300

×

Transcript (19 April 2021), p 61 at lines 8–12.

However, later when he was questioned by the defendant’s counsel based on
different data, he reverted to his original view that the GFC had an impact on
the BMS R&D sector. 301

##### Foot Note 301

×

Transcript (19 April 2021), p 100 at lines 21–24.

Assoc Prof Tay did not offer any way of reconciling the conflicting evidence
in support of his assessment that the impact of the GFC would have been so
significant as to warrant a one-fifth reduction in Biopolis 3’s first-year
occupancy rate. In view of this, I find that Assoc Prof Tay’s estimated first-
year occupancy rate of 40% for Biopolis 3 in 2010 is also conservative.

193 Taking all of the above considerations into account, I am of the view that
Biopolis 3 was likely to have achieved a first-year occupancy rate of
approximately 42.5% in 2010 if there had been no delay in completion.

(2) Gross monthly rental rates

194 The plaintiff submits that the gross monthly rental rates that should be
used in the single-year model are the weighted monthly rental rates (inclusive
of rent-free periods and rent escalation) for each of the five pre-commitment
tenants, and $5.24 per sq ft for the other tenants. 302

##### Foot Note 302

×

PWS at paras 206–208.

The defendant disagrees and contends that Assoc Prof Yu’s projected gross
monthly rental rates should be used instead. 303

##### Foot Note 303

×

DWS at para 175.

I shall now elaborate on each expert’s projected gross monthly rental rates.

(A) Dr Woo – $5.62 per sq ft for the five pre-commitment tenants, $5.25 per sq
ft for other tenants

195 To ascertain Biopolis 3’s projected gross monthly rental rates for 2010,
Dr Woo adopted a two-step approach.

196 First, Dr Woo estimated the weighted gross monthly rental rates for the
five pre-commitment tenants. Here, she adopted an approach similar to that
used to calculate Annual Average Rent for the purposes of stamp duty on IRAS’s
e-Stamping system. 304

##### Foot Note 304

×

AWYL-2, p 8 at para 16.

This approach takes into account the rental rates over each tenant’s entire
lease term, which may exclude or include the rent-free fitting-out period. 305

##### Foot Note 305

×

AWYL-2, p 14 at para 20.

Using information from each pre-commitment tenant’s last communicated Letter
of Offer (“LOO”) and Memorandum of Understanding (“MOU”), Dr Woo estimated
that the weighted gross rental rate was $5.69 per sq ft (over respective lease
terms) and $5.55 per sq ft (over respective lease terms and rent-free
periods), including service charges. 306

##### Foot Note 306

×

AWYL-2, p 14 at para 21.

The first figure of $5.69 per sq ft is based on computing the rent for each
tenant on a year-by-year basis and dividing the total rent by each tenant’s
lease term. 307

##### Foot Note 307

×

AWYL-2, pp 9–13 and 15.

Taking the average of these two figures, Dr Woo estimated that the weighted
gross monthly rental rate for the five pre-commitment tenants in 2010 was
$5.62 per sq ft. 308

##### Foot Note 308

×

AWYL-2, p 14 at para 21.

During the trial, Dr Woo explained that she had taken the average of the two
figures so as to follow the method used in IRAS’s e-Stamping system and to
give the benefit of doubt as it was not clear whether the rent-free periods
were included or excluded. 309

##### Foot Note 309

×

Transcript (8 April 2021), p 122 at lines 19–25 and p 123 lines 1–4.

She also explained that these figures take into account the rent-free fitting-
out periods and rent escalation clauses which may be included in each lease.
310

##### Foot Note 310

×

Transcript (8 April 2021), p 144 at lines 10–18 and p 145 at lines 10–16.

197 Next, Dr Woo estimated the gross market monthly rental rate applicable to
tenants other than the five pre-commitment tenants. She estimated the gross
rent for those tenancies in 2011 by taking the average of (i) the actual
weighted contracted gross rent for Biopolis 3’s four actual tenants in 2011
and (ii) the weighted average monthly rent with service charges included. She
then discounted this figure against the islandwide 75th percentile quarterly
rental average growth rate for business parks from 2010 to 2011 (which was an
increase of 0.3%) to derive the likely gross rental rate for 2010 (by applying
a deduction of 0.3%). 311

##### Foot Note 311

×

AWYL-2, p 16 at Table 8; Transcript (6 April 2021), p 73 at line 19.

The 75th percentile was used as Biopolis 3 is located in the One-North area
which generally commands a rental premium over islandwide business parks. This
is consistent with the approach used by IRAS to determine the annual value of
the tenancies that the plaintiff contracted for in 2011. Applying this step,
Dr Woo estimated that the gross market monthly rental rate for these other
tenants in 2010 was $5.25 per sq ft. 312

##### Foot Note 312

×

AWYL-2, p 16 at para 22.

During the trial, Dr Woo clarified that this figure does not take into account
the rent-free fitting-out periods and rent escalation clauses that may be
included in each lease. 313

##### Foot Note 313

×

Transcript (8 April 2021), p 144 at lines 20–25 and p 145 at lines 17–22; PCB,
Vol 7, Tab 88 (Plaintiff’s Preliminary Submissions on Expectation Loss) at
para 11.

(B) Mr Toh – $5.61 per sq ft

198 Mr Toh did not provide an estimate of the monthly rental rate for 2010
specifically for the purposes of the single-year model. However, under the
multi-year model, Mr Toh estimated that the gross monthly rental rate for 2010
would have been $5.61 per sq ft (inclusive of service charges). 314

##### Foot Note 314

×

ATS-1, p 14 at paras 4.6–4.7.

This is the actual implied monthly rental rate for 2011, which Mr Toh adopted
as the projected monthly rental rate for 2010. 315

##### Foot Note 315

×

ATS-1, p 92, Appendix 13 at Figure 1.

The actual implied monthly rental rate for 2011 was, in turn, computed by
dividing the actual rental revenue earned by the plaintiff (taken from its
audited financial statements) by the actual net leased area of Biopolis 3, and
thereafter by 12 months. 316

##### Foot Note 316

×

ATS-1, p 27 at para 6.44 and p 35 at para 6.81.

199 During the trial, Mr Toh explained that his estimated monthly rental rates
take into account rent-free fitting-out periods and rent escalation clauses.
This is because Mr Toh straight-lined the effect of the rent-free periods and
rent escalation clauses over the entire duration of the leases. Straight-
lining involves dividing the total rental revenue received (including
increases in rent which may only take effect in subsequent years under a rent
escalation clause) over the entire period of the lease (including any rent-
free periods). This distributes the effect of rent-free periods and rent
escalation clauses evenly over the duration of the lease. Straight-lining is
carried out to capture the true value of the lease agreement for accounting
purposes. 317

##### Foot Note 317

×

Transcript (14 April 2021), p 7 at lines 9–22 and p 8 at lines 2–6.

Mr Toh agreed that his estimated monthly rental rates would, therefore, not
represent the rental revenue received by the plaintiff in a particular year.
318

##### Foot Note 318

×

Transcript (14 April 2021), p 13 at lines 9–19; p 16 at lines 4–18; and p 19
at lines 2–14.

(C) Assoc Prof Yu – $3.75 per sq ft

200 Assoc Prof Yu gave a much lower estimate of $3.75 per sq ft (including
service charges) for the gross monthly rental rate for 2010. This was based
primarily on generic islandwide business park rental rates, taking into
account data from JTC Corporation, Knight Frank, Science Park, and all
industrial and business park rental indices. 319

##### Foot Note 319

×

YSM-1, p 33 at para 101; YSM-2, p 10 at para 17; Transcript (16 April 2021), p
29 at lines 9–11.

Assoc Prof Yu also looked at the 75th percentile rates to ascertain the
comparable rental rates for buildings in Science Park 320

##### Foot Note 320

×

Transcript (16 April 2021), p 29 at lines 13–16.

because these rates would be closer to the transacted rates for Biopolis 3.
321

##### Foot Note 321

×

Transcript (16 April 2021), p 9 at lines 10–16 and p 30 at lines 10–14.

However, he looked at the median (ie, 50th percentile) rates as his reference
point for ascertaining the changes in rental rates over time 322

##### Foot Note 322

×

See, eg, YSM-1, p 24 at para 72 and p 28 at para 83.

because these would reflect the movement of rental rates across the bulk of
Science Park buildings. 323

##### Foot Note 323

×

Transcript (16 April 2021), p 31 at lines 2–12 and p 191 at lines 13–24.

He acknowledged that Biopolis 3 belongs to the 75th percentile, but opined
that the changes in rental rates for the 75th percentile did not deviate much
from the median. 324

##### Foot Note 324

×

Transcript (16 April 2021), p 192 at lines 5–9.

201 Assoc Prof Yu also explained that he did not take the rental rates for the
five pre-commitment tenants into account in ascertaining the gross monthly
rental rate for 2010 because they had not entered into final transactions with
the plaintiff and their rental rates were still under negotiation. 325

##### Foot Note 325

×

Transcript (15 April 2021), p 117 at lines 1–5.

(D) Assoc Prof Tay – $5 per sq ft

202 In his final set of calculations, Assoc Prof Tay adopted an average gross
monthly rental rate of $5 per sq ft for 2010. He opined that the closest
evidence of the rental rates that Biopolis 3 would have commanded in 2010 is
the rates that were discussed in the plaintiff’s negotiations with the five
pre-commitment tenants in 2009. Even though these five pre-commitment tenants
did not enter into actual leases with the plaintiff, this is the best
available building-specific information on rental rates before Biopolis 3’s
completion. Assoc Prof Tay estimated that the weighted average gross rental
rate for the five pre-commitment tenants was $5.54 per sq ft (inclusive of
service charges). This is almost the same as Dr Woo’s estimated weighted gross
rental rate for the five pre-commitment tenants over their respective lease
terms and rent-free periods, which was $5.55 per sq ft (see [196] above).
However, Assoc Prof Tay then applied a 10% discount to reflect haggling, such
that he arrived at a figure of $5 per sq ft. 326

##### Foot Note 326

×

TKP-5, p 1 at para A.

(E) My findings

203 Before I evaluate each expert’s estimate of the gross monthly rental rate
Biopolis 3 would have commanded in 2010 if there had been no delay in
completion, I would like to address the issue of whether (and how) rent-free
periods and rent escalation clauses should be accounted for under the single-
year model.

(I) Rent-free periods and rent escalation clauses

204 The plaintiff submits that the court should take into account rent-free
fitting-out periods in calculating the plaintiff’s loss of net rental revenue
under the single-year model, by straight-lining the net rental revenue that it
would have earned over the full term of the lease. This is because the rent
forgone during the rent-free period is recouped from the rental payments made
over the full term of the lease. For example, when the plaintiff agreed to
give a rent-free fitting-out period to its tenants, this would have been
conditional upon the tenant paying the full rental rate for the duration of
the lease term. The plaintiff contends that if it is not compensated for the
rent-free fitting-out periods, it must then be compensated for the security
deposits that the plaintiff would have received from its tenants in 2010,
which would be akin to compensating the plaintiff for the rent-free fitting-
out periods. According to the plaintiff, the five pre-commitment tenants would
have paid a total security deposit of $3,270,963.67 in 2010. 327

##### Foot Note 327

×

PWS at paras 209–213; PRS at para 55.

205 In my view, for the purposes of the single-year model, rent-free periods
and rent escalation clauses should not be taken into account in calculating
the plaintiff’s loss of net rental revenue for 2010.

206 As the name suggests, rent-free periods are periods during which the
plaintiff would not have received any rent from the tenant. They are usually
given at the start of the lease to allow the tenant to complete the necessary
fitting-out works in the rented space. 328

##### Foot Note 328

×

Transcript (19 April 2021), p 188 at lines 18–22.

Hence, even if a particular tenant would have commenced its lease in 2010 but
for the delay in completion, the plaintiff would not have received any rent
from that tenant during the rent-free period. With or without the delay, the
plaintiff would not have earned rental revenue during the rent-free period.
Furthermore, the rent-free periods for the five pre-commitment tenants were
excluded from the duration of their leases. Therefore, to ascertain the rental
revenue that the plaintiff would have earned in 2010, the gross monthly rental
rate should be computed on an as-received basis. It should not be straight-
lined across both the rent-free period and the period during which the tenant
would have had to pay rent as this would overestimate the amount of rental
revenue that the plaintiff would actually have earned in 2010. I agree with
the defendant’s submission that straight-lining would “balloon” the loss
seemingly suffered by the plaintiff in the initial years. 329

##### Foot Note 329

×

DWS at para 118.

As Mr Toh acknowledged during the trial, there is an element of artificiality
in straight-lining as it involves deeming the plaintiff to have received
revenue that it would not have actually received for accounting purposes. 330

##### Foot Note 330

×

Transcript (14 April 2021), p 143 at lines 11–16 and 19–25; p 144 at lines
1–8.

Assoc Prof Tay also agreed that straight-lining was inappropriate and that the
court should instead look at the actual rent received. 331

##### Foot Note 331

×

Transcript (19 April 2021), p 134 at lines 20–22 and p 153 at lines 1–9.

207 The plaintiff argues that it is unfair to deny the plaintiff the security
deposits that it would have received in 2010, as this would alter the
contractual bargain between the plaintiff and the tenant. The security deposit
covers the risk of the tenant defaulting and is a form of contractual security
that the plaintiff would have received in 2010. 332

##### Foot Note 332

×

PWS at paras 211(c)–211(d).

However, I do not accept this argument. If a tenant defaults on its lease, the
plaintiff can commence a separate action against that tenant to seek recourse.
The risk of the tenant defaulting on its lease is unrelated to the delay and
is not a risk that should be shouldered by the defendant. Further, security
deposits are a form of contractual security held by the plaintiff and not net
rental revenue that the plaintiff would otherwise have earned in 2010.
Moreover, I agree with the defendant’s argument that compensating the
plaintiff for a security deposit that it would eventually be obligated to
return to the tenant would give the plaintiff a windfall. 333

##### Foot Note 333

×

DRS at para 77.

If the tenant fulfilled all its obligations under the tenancy agreement, the
security deposit would have to be returned in full and could not have been
retained by the plaintiff.

208 Similarly, rent escalation clauses provide for increases in the rental
rate over time. These increased rental rates would not have been enjoyed by
the plaintiff in 2010, which would have been the first year of the lease. As
the defendant argues, straight-lining would have the effect of “front-loading”
net rental revenue which would only be earned in later years due to the rent
escalation clause. 334

##### Foot Note 334

×

DWS at para 124.

Therefore, the gross monthly rental rate should not be straight-lined across
the duration of the lease as this would take into account rent escalation over
time. Instead, the gross monthly rental rate should be computed on an as-
received basis, based on the monthly rental rates that would have applied in
2010.

209 It should also be emphasised that rent-free periods and rent escalation
clauses vary from tenant to tenant. This is part of the negotiation process
between the tenants and the landlord. Hence, there can be leases without rent-
free periods and rent escalation clauses.

210 Therefore, the estimated gross monthly rental rates for Biopolis 3 in 2010
should not take into account either rent-free periods or rent-escalation
clauses.

(II) Evaluation of the experts’ projected gross monthly rental rates

211 First, in my view, the gross monthly rental rates that were under
negotiation between the five pre-commitment tenants and the plaintiff provide
a good gauge of the rates that Biopolis 3 would have commanded in 2010. While
I acknowledge Assoc Prof Yu’s concern that these rates had not yet been
finalised (as the five pre-commitment tenants did not in fact enter into lease
agreements with the plaintiff for Biopolis 3), I agree with Assoc Prof Tay
that these rates are the best available building-specific information on the
likely rental rates for Biopolis 3 at the relevant time.

212 With regard to the gross monthly rental rates applicable to the five pre-
commitment tenants, I note that both Dr Woo and Assoc Prof Tay obtained their
estimated weighted average gross monthly rental rates by straight-lining the
plaintiff’s rental revenue across the duration of each lease. Therefore, their
calculations included the rent-free periods and rent escalation clauses in
each pre-commitment tenant’s lease. For the reasons I have explained at
[205]–[210] above, I do not think that rent-free periods and rent escalation
clauses should be taken into account under the single-year model. For the same
reasons, I do not wish to rely on Mr Toh’s estimate of $5.61 per sq ft, as he
also straight-lined the effect of the rent-free periods and rent escalation
clauses over the entire duration of the leases.

213 To remove the effect of this straight-lining, the gross monthly rental
rates for each pre-commitment tenant which Dr Woo and Assoc Prof Tay extracted
from the relevant documents, in particular the last communicated LOO and MOU,
should be used instead. These rates (inclusive of service charges) are as
follows:

(a) $5.95 per sq ft for ICES, based on the LOO dated 5 March 2009; 335

##### Foot Note 335

×

2AB, Vol 6 at p 2893; AWYL-2 at p 9 (Table 2).

(b) $6.25 per sq ft for Abbott, based on the draft LOO dated 15 October 2010;
336

##### Foot Note 336

×

2AB, Vol 6 at pp 3094–3095; AWYL-2 at p 10 (Table 3).

(c) $5.55 per sq ft for NTU, based on the draft LOO dated 17 September 2010;
337

##### Foot Note 337

×

2AB, Vol 6 at pp 3344–3345; AWYL-2 at p 11 (Table 4).

(d) $5 per sq ft for Philip Morris, based on the midpoint of the range of
$4.50 to $5.50 per sq ft provided in the MOU signed on 4 May 2009; 338

##### Foot Note 338

×

2AB, Vol 7 at p 3442; AWYL-2 at p 12 (Table 5).

and

(e) $6.46 per sq ft for PetNet, based on emails dated 23 September 2009 and 6
September 2010. These emails came after the LOOs dated 24 April 2009 and 7
July 2009. 339

##### Foot Note 339

×

2AB, Vol 7 at pp 3746 and 3788; AWYL-2 at p 13 (Table 6).

214 With regard to the gross monthly rental rates for the other tenants, I am
prepared to accept Dr Woo’s estimate of $5.25 per sq ft as she explained that
this figure does not take into account rent-free periods and rent escalation
clauses. In my view, Dr Woo’s estimate should be preferred to Assoc Prof Tay’s
estimate of $5 per sq ft, which is based only on the five pre-commitment
tenants and does not take into account actual transacted rates or market data.
The defendant pointed out that Dr Woo’s estimated market rate is highly
sensitive to the rental rate in 2011 because she derived this figure based on
the actual weighted contracted gross rent for Biopolis 3’s tenants in 2011.
340

##### Foot Note 340

×

DWS at para 174.

However, the rental rates for Biopolis 3 in 2011 would provide the closest
indicator of the rental rates that Biopolis 3 would have secured in 2010,
given that they were rental rates for the same building and only one year
apart.

215 On the other hand, I find that Assoc Prof Yu’s estimate of $3.75 per sq ft
is too low. Assoc Prof Yu’s estimate was based primarily on generic islandwide
business park rental rates, including industrial and business park rental
indices. However, he agreed that industrial rental indices would include data
from warehouses and factories, which is inappropriate as a guide to the
projected rental rates that a specialised building like Biopolis 3 could
command. 341

##### Foot Note 341

×

Transcript (15 April 2021), p 160, lines 4–9 and p 161 at lines 18–25.

I agree with the plaintiff’s submission that generic islandwide business park
data would yield a distorted picture of the rental rates that Biopolis 3 would
be able to command since Biopolis 3 was newer, located in a premier R&D hub,
equipped with sophisticated equipment and facilities, and catered to a
specialised industry. 342

##### Foot Note 342

×

PWS at para 132.

Although Assoc Prof Yu looked at the 75th percentile rates for Science Park,
he acknowledged that Science Park also included non-BMS R&D buildings. 343

##### Foot Note 343

×

Transcript (16 April 2021), p 25 at lines 15–17.

Having looked at this islandwide business park data and Science Park 75th
percentile data, Assoc Prof Yu then used his professional judgment to arrive
at the figure of $3.75 per sq ft. He agreed that he had not provided details
of his calculations or comparative analysis in his report. 344

##### Foot Note 344

×

Transcript (16 April 2021), p 13, lines 22–25 and p 14, lines 1–4.

He also agreed that the islandwide business park data and Science Park 75th
percentile data were significantly lower than what a fair market rate for
Biopolis 3 would be. 345

##### Foot Note 345

×

Transcript (16 April 2021), p 54 at lines 19–23.

Further, Assoc Prof Yu assumed that the rental rate for Biopolis 3 would be
lower than the rental rates for Biopolis 1 and Biopolis 2 simply because they
were developed by the Ascendas Real Estate Investment Trust (“Ascendas REIT”),
whereas Biopolis 3 was developed by the plaintiff, a private developer. 346

##### Foot Note 346

×

Transcript (16 April 2021), p 202 at lines 13–25 and p 203, lines 1–12.

In my view, Assoc Prof Yu did not provide any robust explanation for adopting
his chosen approach and assumptions.

216 Therefore, I find that the gross monthly rental rate for the five pre-
commitment tenants (occupying 35.7% of the NLA of Biopolis 3) in 2010 would
have been $5.95 per sq ft for ICES, $6.25 per sq ft for Abbott, $5.55 per sq
ft for NTU, $5 per sq ft for Philip Morris and $6.46 per sq ft for PetNet. The
gross monthly rental rate for other tenants (occupying the remaining 6.8% of
the NLA of Biopolis 3) in 2010 would have been $5.25 per sq ft.

(3) Number of months

217 As I have explained at [205]–[210] above, I do not think rent-free periods
should be taken into account in calculating the plaintiff’s loss of net rental
revenue for 2010 under the single-year model. To ascertain the plaintiff’s
gross rental revenue for 2010, the gross monthly rental rate should be
multiplied by 12 months less any rent-free periods.

218 For the five pre-commitment tenants, the rent-free period for NTU (which
would have occupied 4.52% of Biopolis 3’s NLA), Philip Morris (which would
have occupied 16.88% of Biopolis 3’s NLA) and PetNet (which would have
occupied 4.06% of Biopolis 3’s NLA) was three months; the rent-free period for
ICES (which would have occupied 8.4% of Biopolis 3’s NLA) was one month; and
the rent-free period for Abbott (which would have occupied 1.84% of Biopolis
3’s NLA) was four months. 347

##### Foot Note 347

×

AWYL-2 at pp 9–13.

For other tenants, I accept Assoc Prof Yu’s and Assoc Prof Tay’s estimate that
the typical rent-free fitting-out period is three months. 348

##### Foot Note 348

×

YSM-2, p 9 at para 14.4; TKP-5, p 3 at para C.

219 Hence, for each of the five pre-commitment tenants, the space they would
have occupied should be multiplied by the applicable gross monthly rental rate
and thereafter multiplied by the difference between 12 months and the rent-
free period for each pre-commitment tenant. For other tenants, the space they
would have occupied (6.8%) should be multiplied by the gross monthly rental
rate ($5.25 per sq ft) and thereafter multiplied by nine months (this being
the difference between 12 months and the rent-free period of three months).

(4) Net revenue margin

220 To determine the plaintiff’s loss of net rental revenue for 2010, the
appropriate net revenue margin must be applied to account for the expenses
that the plaintiff would have had to incur to earn its rental revenue.

(A) The experts’ projected net revenue margins

221 Mr Toh estimated a projected net revenue margin of 49.3% for 2010 using
the following method. First, he arranged the actual occupancy rates achieved
by Biopolis 3 and the plaintiff’s actual net revenue margins on a scale. Mr
Toh then mapped the projected occupancy rates for Biopolis 3 onto this scale
to determine the corresponding projected net revenue margin for each projected
occupancy rate. 349

##### Foot Note 349

×

ATS-1, p 99, Appendix 15.

The actual net revenue margins used by Mr Toh take into account the
plaintiff’s cost of sales (including holding costs) in each year except for
2010, as the plaintiff specifically instructed Mr Toh to exclude the cost of
sales incurred in the year ended 31 December 2010. 350

##### Foot Note 350

×

ATS-1, p 14 at para 4.10.

On the basis of his estimate that Biopolis 3 would have achieved a first-year
occupancy rate of 35% in 2010 if there had been no delay in completion, Mr Toh
derived a net revenue margin of 49.3% for 2010. 351

##### Foot Note 351

×

ATS-1, p 100, Figure 3 at note A.

222 On the other hand, Assoc Prof Yu applied a net revenue margin of 85%. He
simply deducted 15% from the plaintiff’s gross rental revenue, representing
the applicable property tax. 352

##### Foot Note 352

×

Exhibit D2 at p 1.

223 As for Assoc Prof Tay, in his final calculations, he adopted a projected
net revenue margin of 52%. This is based on the average of the plaintiff’s
actual net revenue margins from 2012 to 2017 (excluding 2011 as the
plaintiff’s net revenue margin in its first year of actual operation was
-383%), which is in turn based on actual cost of sales data for Biopolis 3
taken from the plaintiff’s audited financial statements. 353

##### Foot Note 353

×

TKP-5, p 3 at para D.

(B) My findings

224 In my view, the plaintiff’s actual net revenue margins and actual cost of
sales data would provide a more accurate indicator of the net revenue margin
it would have achieved in 2010. Assoc Prof Yu’s approach of deducting only 15%
for property tax would incorrectly estimate the plaintiff’s net rental revenue
by not taking into account the other variable costs the plaintiff would have
had to incur. As Assoc Prof Tay observed, Assoc Prof Yu did not account for
marketing costs such as commissions payable to brokers and advertising
expenses, which could be substantial. He also did not consider holding costs.
Furthermore, property tax is often computed as a fraction of net rental
income, whereas Assoc Prof Yu applies a deduction of 15% from the plaintiff’s
gross rental income. 354

##### Foot Note 354

×

TKP-1, pp 39–40 at para 52.

However, Mr Toh’s estimated net revenue margin of 49.3% is based on an
occupancy rate of 35% in 2010. As I have explained at [185]–[193] above, I am
of the view that Biopolis 3’s likely first-year occupancy rate in 2010 would
have been approximately 42.5%. Hence, on Mr Toh’s own calculations, the
plaintiff’s net revenue margin should be higher than 49.3% (which is based on
35% occupancy) but lower than 52.9% (which is based on 51.7% occupancy).

225 Further, Assoc Prof Tay explained that his estimated net revenue margins
are based on the actual cost of sales data for Biopolis 3 to reflect the
plaintiff’s actual efficiency in marketing, managing and maintaining Biopolis
3. However, Assoc Prof Tay reconstructed this data from the plaintiff’s
audited financial statements to exclude straight-lining, which is included in
Mr Toh’s estimated net revenue margins. 355

##### Foot Note 355

×

Transcript (19 April 2021), p 135 at lines 1–3.

As explained at [199] above, straight-lining distributes the effect of rent-
free periods and rent escalation clauses evenly over the duration of the
lease.

226 In these circumstances, I adopt Assoc Prof Tay’s estimated net revenue
margin of 52%. As I have found that the effect of rent-free periods and rent
escalation clauses should not be taken into account via straight-lining in
determining the projected gross monthly rental rates for Biopolis 3 in 2010,
the plaintiff’s estimated net revenue margins should also not be straight-
lined, in the interests of consistency. Further, Assoc Prof Tay’s decision to
exclude the plaintiff’s net revenue margin of -383% for 2011 is defensible. I
agree with Assoc Prof Tay’s explanation that, if this figure were included, it
would distort the average net revenue margin and even result in a negative
figure (ie, approximately -10.3%). 356

##### Foot Note 356

×

TKP-5, p 3 at para D.

In my view, it would be unrealistic to apply a negative net revenue margin.
The negative net revenue margin of -383% for 2011 was a result of the
extremely low actual revenue earned by the plaintiff in that year, in which it
achieved an actual occupancy rate of only 12.9%. 357

##### Foot Note 357

×

ATS-1, p 26 at para 6.34 (Figure 7) and p 28 at para 6.48 (Figure 8); read
with TKP-5, p 3 at para D (Table 4).

Given that I have found that the projected first-year occupancy rate for
Biopolis 3 in 2010 was 42.5%, its rental revenue in this scenario would not
have been so low as to generate a net revenue margin anywhere close to -383%.
Hence, I concur with Assoc Prof Tay’s approach of taking the average of the
plaintiff’s actual net revenue margins from 2012 to 2017 only.

(5) Conclusion on the application of the single-year model

227 Applying the above parameters, the plaintiff’s loss of net rental revenue
under the single-year model is $4,056,711.62. A summary of the parameters
adopted is set out in the table below.

Variable| Value  
---|---  
First-year occupancy rate in 2010| 42.5%  
NLA| 357,154 sq ft  
Gross monthly rental rate in 2010| $5.95 per sq ft for ICES$6.25 per sq ft for
Abbott$5.55 per sq ft for NTU$5 per sq ft for Philip Morris$6.46 per sq ft for
PetNet$5.25 per sq ft for other tenants  
Number of months (excluding rent-free periods)| 8 months for Abbott9 months
for NTU, Philip Morris and PetNet11 months for ICES9 months for other tenants  
Net revenue margin for 2010| 52%  
Plaintiff’s loss of net rental revenue | $4,056,711.62  
  
228 The sum of $4,056,711.62 represents the plaintiff’s loss of net rental
revenue for the whole of 2010 (ie, 365 days). As the actual period of delay
was 334 days, the plaintiff’s loss of net rental revenue for the period of
delay is (334/365) × $4,056,711.62, ie, $3,712,168.99. Since the defendant was
responsible for 161 out of 334 days of delay, the loss of net rental revenue
for which the defendant is liable is (161/334) × $3,712,168.99, ie,
$1,789,398.82 (approximately $1.79m).

Damages for loss of net rental revenue under the single-year model|
$1,789,398.82  
---|---  
  
229 For comparison, I set out below Assoc Prof Yu and Assoc Prof Tay’s
quantifications of the plaintiff’s loss of net rental revenue (as apportioned
for the defendant’s delay) under the single-year model. Mr Toh and Dr Woo were
not asked to provide their quantifications of the plaintiff’s loss of net
rental revenue under the single-year model. Further, Mr Toh did not provide
estimates of Biopolis 3’s first-year occupancy rate (for the whole of 2010)
and Dr Woo did not provide an estimate of Biopolis 3’s net revenue margin for
2010. Nevertheless, I have included estimated computations based on their
other chosen parameters, with the first-year occupancy rate I have found at
[193] above (for Mr Toh) and the net revenue margin I have accepted at [226]
above (for Dr Woo).

| Estimates  
---|---  
Mr Toh(applying a first-year occupancy rate of 42.5%) | $2,222,125.01  
Dr Woo(applying Dr Woo’s estimated total gross rental revenue for 2010 358

##### Foot Note 358

× AWYL-2, p 17 at Table 9 ($12,756,645). and a net revenue margin of 52%) | $2,925,989.92  
Assoc Prof Yu| $673,773.22 359

##### Foot Note 359

× YSM-2, p 10 at para 17; Exhibit D2, p 2 at Table A (based on a three-month
rent-free fitting-out period).  
Assoc Prof Tay| $1.474m 360

##### Foot Note 360

× TKP-5, p 3 at para 2.  
  
230 I note that a simple average of the computations above is approximately
$1.82m. This comes very close to the figure of $1,789,398.82 which I have
arrived at (at [228] above).

Application of the multi-year model

231 For the reasons explained at [111]–[128] above, the single-year model
provides the fairest and most appropriate method of quantifying the
plaintiff’s loss of net rental revenue in the present proceedings. However, as
the parties and their experts devoted considerable time to the multi-year
model, I shall now consider the quantification of the plaintiff’s loss of net
rental revenue under the multi-year model. Nevertheless, I wish to reiterate
my finding that the plaintiff’s claim for loss of net rental revenue based on
the multi-year model infringes the principles on remoteness of damage as the
post-completion loss of net rental revenue suffered by the plaintiff is too
remote to be recoverable.

232 The multi-year model quantifies the plaintiff’s loss of net rental revenue
based on a comparison between the projected net rental revenue that the
plaintiff would have earned in the No-Delay Scenario and either (a) the actual
net rental revenue that the plaintiff did earn in the Delay Scenario, or (b)
the projected net rental revenue that the plaintiff should have earned in the
Delay Scenario. I shall first address the issue of whether actual or projected
net rental revenue should be adopted as the comparator in the Delay Scenario,
before considering the appropriate parameters to adopt in the No-Delay
Scenario and the Delay Scenario.

(1) Methodology – actual or projected rental revenue in the Delay Scenario?

233 The plaintiff’s initial approach was to rely on actual data from Biopolis
3 as far as possible. 361

##### Foot Note 361

×

PWS at para 125.

Its expert, Mr Toh, suggested that the plaintiff’s projected net rental
revenue in the No-Delay Scenario should be compared with the plaintiff’s
actual net rental revenue in the Delay Scenario. 362

##### Foot Note 362

×

ATS-1, p 16 at para 5.2 and p 19 at para 5.16.

However, Mr Toh also acknowledged that if the plaintiff is found to have
failed to make all reasonable efforts to maximise the take-up rate of tenants
in Biopolis 3 after the delay, he would apply what he labels as the
“inadequate mitigation scenario”, which is instead based on the plaintiff’s
“hypothetical” rental revenue. 363

##### Foot Note 363

×

ATS-1, p 44 at paras 7.1–7.2 and p 45 at para 7.5, Figure 24.

234 On the other hand, the defendant submits that the plaintiff’s actual net
rental revenue cannot be used as a basis for comparison. 364

##### Foot Note 364

×

DWS at paras 93–96.

The defendant argues that Mr Toh’s methodology is problematic because it
erroneously assumes that the delay in the completion of Biopolis 3 is the only
explanation for the difference between the plaintiff’s projected net rental
revenue and its actual net rental revenue. This assumption is unrealistic
because the actual net rental revenue earned by the plaintiff was dependent
solely on other factors which the defendant had no influence over, such as the
plaintiff’s own actions, including its pricing strategy and its marketing
strategy. 365

##### Foot Note 365

×

Defendant’s Opening Statement at para 31.

Hence, the defendant’s expert, Assoc Prof Yu, opined that the plaintiff’s
projected net rental revenue in the No-Delay Scenario should be compared with
the plaintiff’s projected net rental revenue in the Delay Scenario. 366

##### Foot Note 366

×

YSM-1, p 14 at para 35 and p 32 at para 96.

235 In my view, Assoc Prof Yu’s methodology should be preferred in this
regard. As a matter of principle, it cannot be assumed that the difference
between the plaintiff’s projected net rental revenue and its actual net rental
revenue is wholly attributable to the delay. To compare like with like, the
plaintiff’s projected net rental revenue in the No-Delay Scenario should be
compared with its projected net rental revenue in the Delay Scenario,
especially when there was an undue delay in reaching stabilised occupancy in
this case.

236 This conclusion is buttressed by the fact that both the plaintiff’s
experts and Assoc Prof Tay also agreed that the actual time taken for Biopolis
3 to reach stabilised occupancy was longer than was reasonable. 367

##### Foot Note 367

×

DWS at paras 93–94.

It is not disputed that in the Delay Scenario, Biopolis 3 was deemed to have
achieved stabilised occupancy in December 2017, approximately six years and 11
months after it was completed in January 2011. Mr Toh’s position is that a
reasonable time for Biopolis 3 to achieve stabilised occupancy in the Delay
Scenario was four years from 2011. 368

##### Foot Note 368

×

Transcript (15 April 2021), p 37 at lines 4–7.

Dr Woo and Mr Yeo opined that a reasonable time for Biopolis 3 to achieve
stabilised occupancy in the Delay Scenario was approximately five and a half
years from 2011. 369

##### Foot Note 369

×

AWYL-1, p 74 at para 120.

Assoc Prof Tay opined that a reasonable time would have been five years from
2011, 370

##### Foot Note 370

×

TKP-1, p 34 at para 25.

while Assoc Prof Yu opined that it should have taken three years to reach
stabilised occupancy for a Delay Scenario. This suggests that Biopolis 3 took
longer to reach stabilised occupancy than was reasonable in the Delay Scenario
and that this was attributable to reasons other than the delay. Indeed, it
suggests that the plaintiff did not take all reasonable steps to mitigate its
loss of net rental revenue. 371

##### Foot Note 371

×

DWS at paras 95 and 243.

In particular, the plaintiff’s pricing strategy may have been unduly
optimistic. The plaintiff submits that its asking rental rates were fair and
within market expectations, particularly in view of the “premier nature of and
ecosystem within” the Biopolis business park. The plaintiff also mentioned
that the asking rental rates were similar to the annual values computed by
IRAS. 372

##### Foot Note 372

×

PWS at paras 108–112.

However, Biopolis 3’s asking rental rates were consistently higher than those
of other comparable developments. 373

##### Foot Note 373

×

ATS-1, pp 626–629; DWS at para 246.

Several potential tenants informed the plaintiff that the rates were high,
with one tenant mentioning that the rates were “shocking given the current
economic conditions”. 374

##### Foot Note 374

×

2AB, Vol 8 at pp 4005, 4031 and 4034; DWS at para 249.

Even after the plaintiff revised its proposal, this tenant still found
Biopolis 3 “unattractive” because its rental rates were 33% more expensive
than their alternative option. 375

##### Foot Note 375

×

2AB, Vol 8 at p 4033.

I may accept that asking rental rates will generally be higher than the actual
transacted rates 376

##### Foot Note 376

×

Transcript (9 April 2021), p 128 at lines 4–23.

and that the plaintiff was prepared to lower its asking rental rates in the
course of negotiations. 377

##### Foot Note 377

×

Transcript (25 March 2021), p 160 at lines 3–18.

However, I agree with the defendant’s submission that a high asking rental
rate may itself make the building less attractive to potential tenants. 378

##### Foot Note 378

×

DWS at para 256.

The plaintiff argues that the vast majority of potential tenants had no issues
with its asking rental rates as they did not raise similar concerns. 379

##### Foot Note 379

×

PRS at para 100.

However, this argument fails to consider that these potential tenants may have
simply disengaged from the negotiations without seeing the need to expressly
comment on the plaintiff’s asking rental rates. In these circumstances,
comparing the plaintiff’s projected net rental revenue in the No-Delay
Scenario with its actual rental revenue in the Delay Scenario may over-
estimate the loss caused to the plaintiff by the delay.

237 Therefore, for the Delay Scenario, I shall consider the appropriate
parameters for ascertaining the plaintiff’s projected net rental revenue, and
not its actual net rental revenue. This approach is supported by the experts’
concurrence that, in the event that the court determines that the plaintiff
has not adequately mitigated its loss in the Delay Scenario, projected net
revenue should be considered instead of actual net revenue. 380

##### Foot Note 380

×

TKP-1, p 31 at para 5.

(2) Stabilised occupancy

238 In both the No-Delay Scenario and the Delay Scenario, the level of
stabilised occupancy for Biopolis 3 must first be ascertained.

239 On the one hand, the plaintiff submits that the stabilised occupancy level
for Biopolis 3 was 90%. 381

##### Foot Note 381

×

PWS at paras 10, 141–144 and 150.

The plaintiff’s experts all opined that the stabilised occupancy level was
90%. For Mr Toh, this was based on the median occupancy rates of comparable
properties (including Biopolis 2, the Gemini and the Capricorn) over the
period from 2003 to 2019. 382

##### Foot Note 382

×

ATS-1, p 23 at para 6.18 and pp 70–71 (Appendix 7).

For Dr Woo and Mr Yeo, the introduction to their joint expert report simply
stated that they would express a view on the number of years that it would
have taken Biopolis 3 to reach a stabilised occupancy level of 90%. 383

##### Foot Note 383

×

AWYL-1, p 20 at para 2.

This suggests that a stabilised occupancy level of 90% was one of the premises
that they were instructed to proceed on. During the trial, Dr Woo acknowledged
that the average occupancy rate for One-North (which included Biopolis 1,
Biopolis 2, Fusionopolis and Mediapolis) over this period was around 86%, 384

##### Foot Note 384

×

Transcript (7 April 2021), p 120 at lines 19–25 and p 121 at lines 1–9.

but maintained that a stabilised occupancy level of 90% was justified for
Biopolis 3 because the Gemini and the Capricorn (which are located in Science
Park) achieved stabilised occupancy levels of around 90%. 385

##### Foot Note 385

×

Transcript (7 April 2021), p 125 at lines 1–25 and p 126 at lines 1–2.

240 On the other hand, the defendant submits that the stabilised occupancy
level for Biopolis 3 was 80 to 85%. 386

##### Foot Note 386

×

DWS at para 139.

This was based on Assoc Prof Yu’s opinion that Biopolis 3’s stabilised
occupancy level was likely to be around 80 to 85%. 387

##### Foot Note 387

×

YSM-1, p 33 at para 100.

During the second experts’ caucus, Assoc Prof Yu adopted the specific figure
of 85%. 388

##### Foot Note 388

×

TKP-1, p 31 at para 7.

This was based on his analysis of supply and demand for business park space.
During the trial, Assoc Prof Yu explained that he had conducted market
comparisons, but the figure of 85% was ultimately based on his feel or
judgment rather than analytical computations. 389

##### Foot Note 389

×

Transcript (16 April 2021), p 121 at lines 16–20.

While he acknowledged that Biopolis 1 and Biopolis 2 had achieved nearly 100%
occupancy, 390

##### Foot Note 390

×

Transcript (16 April 2021), p 121 at lines 14–15.

he opined that Biopolis 3’s stabilised occupancy level would be lower because
Biopolis 1 and Biopolis 2 were developed by Ascendas REIT, which would “always
strive and achieve maximum occupancy and high rents, because that’s the
objective to the shareholders”. In contrast, private developers such as the
plaintiff might have different objectives. 391

##### Foot Note 391

×

Transcript (16 April 2021), p 122 at lines 1–15.

241 Assoc Prof Tay was of the view that Biopolis 3’s stabilised occupancy
level was 85%. He noted that Assoc Prof Yu had relied on generic market-level
business park data and that specific evidence relating to specialised BMS
facilities (such as that taken into account by Mr Toh) would be a more
reliable indicator of the stabilised occupancy level for Biopolis 3. In
particular, Assoc Prof Tay noted that the available data for Biopolis 2
indicated extremely high occupancy rates of close to 100% and that the data
cited by Mr Toh supported a stabilised occupancy level of 90%. Further,
government support for the BMS sector would generally enable specialised BMS
buildings to outperform other generic buildings in terms of attracting
tenants. However, Assoc Prof Tay then reduced the stabilised occupancy level
from 90% to 85% to account for the volatility of the BMS sector. 392

##### Foot Note 392

×

TKP-1, p 33 at paras 10–15.

242 I agree with the plaintiff’s experts that Biopolis 3’s stabilised
occupancy level was 90%. In my view, Assoc Prof Yu’s figure of 85% is low as
it is based on generic business park data and therefore does not capture the
particular characteristics of the BMS R&D sector. I agree with the plaintiff’s
submission that generic islandwide business park data would not be
representative of the stabilised occupancy level that Biopolis 3 would be able
to achieve as Biopolis 3 was newer, located in a premier R&D hub, equipped
with sophisticated equipment and facilities, and catered to a specialised
industry. 393

##### Foot Note 393

×

PWS at para 132.

Further, as I have explained at [175]–[183] above, I accept that demand for
BMS R&D space is relatively stable notwithstanding general economic conditions
because of the highly specialised nature of this sector. Hence, I do not think
it is necessary to reduce the stabilised occupancy level from 90% to 85% to
account for the volatility of the BMS sector, as Assoc Prof Tay has done.

243 Incidentally, I note that a stabilised occupancy level of 90% is supported
by the fact that Biopolis 3 achieved an occupancy rate of 96.6% in 2018. 394

##### Foot Note 394

×

ATS-1, p 15 at para 4.12.

Information on Biopolis 3’s occupancy rates for the years after 2018 was not
available to me in these proceedings and I was, therefore, unable to ascertain
if Biopolis 3 maintained an occupancy rate of 90% and above in subsequent
years. Nevertheless, this empirical data supports my conclusion that Biopolis
3, like Biopolis 1 and Biopolis 2, was likely to achieve a stabilised
occupancy level relatively close to 100%.

(3) Time taken to achieve stabilised occupancy

(A) No-Delay Scenario

244 In the No-Delay Scenario, both parties and their experts agree that it
would have taken Biopolis 3 four years from January 2010 to reach stabilised
occupancy, albeit that they adopted different stabilised occupancy levels as
their endpoints (as explained above). 395

##### Foot Note 395

×

PWS at paras 151–152; DWS at para 145.

Mr Toh, Dr Woo and Mr Yeo opined that it would have taken Biopolis 3 four
years to reach a stabilised occupancy level of 90%, 396

##### Foot Note 396

×

ATS-1, p 25 at para 6.33; AWYL-1, p 61 at para 82.

while Assoc Prof Yu opined that it would have taken four to five years to
reach a stabilised occupancy level of 80–85%. 397

##### Foot Note 397

×

YSM-1, p 33 at para 100 (read with TKP-1 at p 19, para C4.1).

245 In view of the general consensus among the experts, I shall proceed on the
basis that it would have taken Biopolis 3 four years to reach stabilised
occupancy in the No-Delay Scenario. This is consistent with the position taken
by both parties. 398

##### Foot Note 398

×

PWS at para 10; DWS at paras 145–146.

In other words, in the No-Delay Scenario, Biopolis 3 would have reached
stabilised occupancy in January 2014.

(B) Delay Scenario

246 As explained at [236] above, I shall put aside the actual time taken for
Biopolis 3 to reach stabilised occupancy (ie, six years and 11 months from
completion in January 2011) as the plaintiff’s experts and Assoc Prof Tay
agreed that this was longer than the reasonable time. This suggests that the
actual time taken for Biopolis 3 to reach stabilised occupancy was at least
partly attributable to factors other than the delay in completion, such as the
plaintiff’s marketing strategy and pricing strategy. In my view, it would not
be fair to hold the defendant liable for the losses suffered by the plaintiff
as a result of these factors, which were wholly beyond the defendant’s
control.

247 Indeed, the fact that Biopolis 3 took longer than the reasonable time to
achieve stabilised occupancy suggests that the plaintiff did not take all
reasonable steps to mitigate its losses. It is well established that a
plaintiff must take all reasonable steps to mitigate the loss it suffered as a
result of a defendant’s breach, and cannot recover damages for any loss which
it could have avoided but failed to avoid due to its own unreasonable action
or inaction (see Alvin Nicholas Nathan v Raffles Assets (Singapore) Pte Ltd
[2016] 2 SLR 1056 (“Alvin Nicholas Nathan”) at [17] and Tembusu Growth Fund
Ltd v ACTAtek, Inc and others [2018] 4 SLR 1213 (“Tembusu Growth Fund”) at
[138]–[139]). What is reasonable in each case must be assessed with “a sense
of commercial reality and with a sensitivity to the facts of the case”
(Tembusu Growth Fund at [139]). I accept Mr Leow’s evidence that the
plaintiff’s aim as the developer of Biopolis 3 was to secure tenants and fill
up Biopolis 3 as quickly as possible. 399

##### Foot Note 399

×

Transcript (1 April 2021), p 8 at lines 10–16.

However, bearing in mind commercial reality, the plaintiff’s failure to reach
stabilised occupancy within a reasonable time notwithstanding the delay
suggests that it may have erred in its marketing strategy and pricing
strategy, or may have failed to adjust these strategies appropriately in
response to the circumstances.

248 However, the parties’ experts disagree on what precisely would have been a
reasonable time for Biopolis 3 to reach stabilised occupancy in the Delay
Scenario. I shall now address this issue.

(I) The experts’ views

249 The plaintiff submits that the reasonable time for Biopolis 3 to achieve
stabilised occupancy in the Delay Scenario was five and a half years, relying
primarily on Dr Woo and Mr Yeo’s assessment. 400

##### Foot Note 400

×

PWS at paras 10 and 153; PRS at para 45.

On the other hand, the defendant submits that it was three years, relying on
Assoc Prof Yu’s assessment. 401

##### Foot Note 401

×

DWS at para 152.

(a) Mr Toh – four years

250 Mr Toh opined that a reasonable time for Biopolis 3 to achieve stabilised
occupancy in the Delay Scenario was four years from 2011. 402

##### Foot Note 402

×

Transcript (15 April 2021), p 37 at lines 4–7.

This was analysed by Mr Toh under his “inadequate mitigation scenario”, ie,
his computation of the plaintiff’s loss of net rental revenue under the multi-
year model in the event that the court determines that the plaintiff did not
take sufficient steps to mitigate its losses. 403

##### Foot Note 403

×

ATS-1, p 114 (Appendix 18).

This was based on the premise that the take-up rate of tenants for Biopolis 3
should be consistent with the projected period required for Biopolis 3 to
achieve stabilised occupancy in the No-Delay Scenario (ie, four years). 404

##### Foot Note 404

×

ATS-1, p 44 at para 7.2.

(b) Dr Woo and Mr Yeo – five and a half years

251 Dr Woo and Mr Yeo opined that a reasonable time was five and a half years
from 2011. In other words, in view of the delay, it was reasonable for
Biopolis 3 to take one and a half years longer to achieve stabilised occupancy
than it would have if it had been completed on time. 405

##### Foot Note 405

×

AWYL-1, p 62 at para 87.

Dr Woo and Mr Yeo gave two reasons for this assessment.

252 First, the delay in the completion of Biopolis 3 to 2011 coincided with
the award of the tender for Biopolis 5 in March 2011. 406

##### Foot Note 406

×

Transcript (8 April 2021), p 13 at lines 10–16 (read with DCB, Vol 8, Tab 161
at p 1).

Biopolis 3 and Biopolis 5 are very similar assets in close proximity and would
have targeted the same set of potential tenants. Based on market practices and
industry norms, marketing outreach normally starts three to six months after
the award of the tender. Therefore, Biopolis 5 was in direct competition with
Biopolis 3 soon after the former was announced. This competition would have
significantly tempered demand for Biopolis 3 and prolonged the time taken for
it to achieve stabilised occupancy. In contrast, if Biopolis 3 had been
completed on time in January 2010, the plaintiff would have enjoyed
monopolistic marketing advantages for at least around one year (from January
2010 to March 2011), with no known new competitor. 407

##### Foot Note 407

×

AWYL-1, p 62 at paras 88–90.

253 Second, the loss of the five pre-commitment tenants at an advanced stage
of negotiations resulted in little to no pre-commitment for Biopolis 3. This
had a consequent impact on leasing momentum and prolonged the time taken for
Biopolis 3 to achieve stabilised occupancy. In contrast, a high pre-commitment
rate would have generated good publicity and provided confidence for other
prospective tenants to consider leasing unit space in Biopolis 3. 408

##### Foot Note 408

×

AWYL-1, p 62 at para 91; DYHK, p 7 at paras 20–21.

In his affidavit, Mr Yeo observed that the loss of pre-commitment tenants is
particularly significant for highly specialised developments like Biopolis 3
as prospective tenants for such developments may have specialised
requirements, such as a vivarium (a laboratory for animal testing) 409

##### Foot Note 409

×

Transcript (25 March 2021), p 32 at lines 8–10.

or a cyclotron (for dealing with radioactive materials). 410

##### Foot Note 410

×

DYHK, pp 8 at paras 24–25.

After such a tenant is lost, it may be challenging for a landlord to find a
replacement tenant with similar requirements. 411

##### Foot Note 411

×

DYHK, pp 8–9 at paras 23–26.

(c) Assoc Prof Yu – three years

254 Assoc Prof Yu opined that a reasonable time was only three years from
2011. 412

##### Foot Note 412

×

YSM-1, p 34 at para 105.

In other words, Biopolis 3 would have reached stabilised occupancy at the same
time (ie, January 2014) regardless of whether there was a delay in its
completion. This is because the occupancy rate of business parks was at its
lowest in January 2010 due to economic conditions such as the GFC, and
occupancy rates only recovered from 2011 onwards. Hence, if Biopolis 3 had
been completed on time in January 2010, demand for Biopolis 3 would have been
low and the plaintiff’s marketing efforts would have been severely affected by
weak market conditions and sentiments. Assoc Prof Yu suggests that the delay
in completion, counterintuitively, helped Biopolis 3 to achieve higher
occupancy rates. 413

##### Foot Note 413

×

YSM-1, p 22 at paras 59, 64 and 89–91.

(d) Assoc Prof Tay – five years

255 Assoc Prof Tay opined that a reasonable time was five years from 2011. 414

##### Foot Note 414

×

TKP-1, p 34 at para 25.

He took into account three factors.

256 First, he agreed with Dr Woo and Mr Yeo that the loss of the five pre-
commitment tenants may have turned other prospective tenants away and
prolonged the time needed to achieve stabilised occupancy. 415

##### Foot Note 415

×

TKP-1, p 33 at para 21.

257 Second, he noted that the award of the tender for Biopolis 5 coincided
with the delayed completion of Biopolis 3. He noted that this could have
exerted a negative impact on marketing outcomes for Biopolis 3. Biopolis 5
would offer a competing product to prospective BMS tenants, albeit this would
mainly apply to tenants with longer-term space needs as Biopolis 5 was only
expected to be completed in 2013. Since the tender for Biopolis 5 was awarded
to Ascendas Venture, a more well-known industrial developer, prospective
tenants might have opted for Biopolis 5 instead of Biopolis 3. This would also
prolong the time needed to reach stabilised occupancy. 416

##### Foot Note 416

×

TKP-1, p 34 at para 22.

258 Third, despite generic business park market data showing an improvement in
market conditions, the BMS environment remained challenging in 2011. 417

##### Foot Note 417

×

TKP-1, p 34 at paras 23–24.

259 However, Assoc Prof Tay was of the view that the impact of the loss of the
five pre-commitment tenants and the award of the tender for Biopolis 5 was not
as significant as Dr Woo and Mr Yeo had claimed. 418

##### Foot Note 418

×

TKP-1, p 35 at para 25.

Hence, he estimated that a reasonable time for Biopolis 3 to achieve
stabilised occupancy in the Delay Scenario was five years from 2011.

(II) My findings

260 In my view, the reasonable time for Biopolis 3 to achieve stabilised
occupancy in the Delay Scenario was four years from its completion in January
2011. In other words, for the purposes of the multi-year model, the reasonable
number of years taken for Biopolis 3 to reach stabilised occupancy should be
the same in both the Delay Scenario and the No-Delay Scenario. In the Delay
Scenario, Biopolis 3 should have reached stabilised occupancy in January 2015.

(a) Impact of the loss of the five pre-commitment tenants on leasing momentum

261 First, the impact of the loss of the five pre-commitment tenants on
leasing momentum for other prospective tenants is remote. While I have found
that the loss of the five pre-commitment tenants themselves was caused
primarily by the delay in the completion of Biopolis 3, the impact of the
delay on the plaintiff’s ability to secure other prospective tenants is far
more tenuous. In my view, the loss of leasing momentum caused by the loss of
pre-commitment tenants is not a loss which flowed naturally from the delay.
Further, while the plaintiff argues that the defendant knew that there were
prospective tenants who had expressed interest in leasing units in Biopolis 3,
419

##### Foot Note 419

×

PRDC at para 44A.3.

the plaintiff has not shown that the defendant had special knowledge of the
impact of the delay on leasing momentum. I, therefore, find that this factor
does not extend the reasonable time for Biopolis 3 to achieve stabilised
occupancy. The prolongation of the time needed for Biopolis 3 to achieve
stabilised occupancy as a result of this loss of leasing momentum is not a
loss for which the defendant “can fairly be held liable” (Out of the Box at
[47]).

262 Second, the impact of the loss of the five pre-commitment tenants on other
prospective tenants may not be as significant as the plaintiff’s experts
suggest. Other prospective tenants may not have known about Biopolis 3’s lack
of pre-commitment tenants if neither the plaintiff nor these five pre-
commitment tenants made any public announcements that they would not be
leasing space in Biopolis 3. Furthermore, I agree with the defendant’s
submission that as the progress of the construction moved towards completion
on 22 December 2010, the parties would have been aware that completion was
approaching and the plaintiff would have been in a position to secure other
tenants to commence leases in or around January 2011. 420

##### Foot Note 420

×

DWS at para 160.

While I appreciate that Biopolis 3 is a specialised development with a limited
pool of potential tenants, Assoc Prof Tay agreed that the loss of the five
pre-commitment tenants did not mean that the plaintiff could not have found
alternative tenants. The plaintiff would have known in advance that Biopolis 3
was about to be completed and could have taken steps to boost its leasing
momentum notwithstanding the delay. 421

##### Foot Note 421

×

Transcript (19 April 2021), p 125 at lines 1–18 and p 128 at lines 6–14.

Indeed, as at July 2011, the plaintiff claimed to be “in advance[d]
negotiation[s] with prospects … which will constitute up to approximate[ly]
50% occupancy rate subject to execution of tenancy”. 422

##### Foot Note 422

×

2AB, Vol 8 at p 4215.

263 Hence, in my view, the impact of the loss of the five pre-commitment
tenants on Biopolis 3’s leasing momentum was less significant than the
plaintiff claims. After the completion date became more certain, and after
completion, the plaintiff could have found alternative tenants to take over
the space which would have been leased by the five pre-commitment tenants.

(b) Impact of competition with Biopolis 5

264 I accept that Biopolis 5 was a serious competitor for tenants with
Biopolis 3, given the highly specialised nature and location of these two
developments. Indeed, the competitive threat of Biopolis 5 would not have only
begun after the tender was awarded in March 2011 or after the award of the
tender was announced in May 2011. The competitive threat posed by Biopolis 5
would have existed (albeit to a smaller degree) from the time it was announced
by JTC Corporation in June 2010, 423

##### Foot Note 423

×

YSM-1 at p 142.

and especially after the marketing for Biopolis 5 commenced. As Mr Yeo
observed, the marketing of a new building begins even before it is completed
to create awareness among potential tenants. 424

##### Foot Note 424

×

Transcript (9 April 2021), p 125 at lines 4–11.

Assoc Prof Tay estimated that the promotion of Biopolis 5 would likely have
started around one and a half years before its completion. 425

##### Foot Note 425

×

Transcript (19 April 2021), p 131 at lines 6–10.

However, the impact of the delay resulting in competition from Biopolis 5
cannot be considered significant or substantial. Competition with similar
developments on the market is an inevitable vicissitude of the property
development industry to which property developers must adapt by adjusting
their pricing and marketing strategies as appropriate. Even if there was no
delay in the completion of Biopolis 3, the plaintiff would have had to face
competition from Biopolis 5 soon after its contractual completion in January
2010 as JTC Corporation’s announcement about Biopolis 5 was made in June 2010.
Indeed, Dr Woo acknowledged that the tempering of demand for space in Biopolis
3 due to Biopolis 5 would have happened regardless of whether there was a
delay in its completion. 426

##### Foot Note 426

×

Transcript (8 April 2021), p 16 at lines 8–11.

Similarly, Assoc Prof Tay agreed that any effect of Biopolis 5 on Biopolis 3’s
occupancy levels from 2011 to end-2013 would have been quite minimal. 427

##### Foot Note 427

×

Transcript (19 April 2021), p 130 at lines 24–25 and p 131 at lines 1–2.

265 The plaintiff submits that, at the time of the announcement in June 2010,
there was no guarantee that the land tender for Biopolis 5 would be awarded
because the bids placed might not meet the minimum reserve price and other
requirements of the tender. 428

##### Foot Note 428

×

PWS at para 95.

However, for tenants who did not require unit space immediately, the
announcement of Biopolis 5 would have already created anticipation and
awareness of Biopolis 5 as a potential alternative to Biopolis 3. Hence, even
if the delay had not occurred, Biopolis 3 is unlikely to have enjoyed
significant monopolistic advantages. Further, during her cross-examination, Dr
Woo agreed that the likelihood of the tender for Biopolis 5 not being
eventually awarded, and the likelihood of Biopolis 5 not being eventually
built, was very low. 429

##### Foot Note 429

×

Transcript (8 April 2021), p 19 at lines 17–20.

(c) Impact of the GFC

266 The impact of economic conditions such as the GFC is also not significant.
Assoc Prof Yu and Assoc Prof Tay drew opposite conclusions regarding the
impact of this factor: Assoc Prof Yu opined that the increased demand for
business park space in 2011 would have shortened the time required for
Biopolis 3 to achieve stabilised occupancy, whereas Assoc Prof Tay was of the
view that the BMS environment remained challenging notwithstanding the
improvement in generic business park market conditions, such that Biopolis 3
would have taken a longer time to achieve stabilised occupancy as a result of
the GFC. As I have explained at [175]–[183] above, I accept that demand for
BMS R&D space is relatively stable and resilient in spite of general economic
conditions because of the highly specialised nature of the BMS R&D sector.
Hence, I do not think that economic conditions alone would have significantly
prolonged or reduced the time required for Biopolis 3 to achieve stabilised
occupancy.

267 In any event, the impact of economic conditions is not substantial. As I
have found at [175]–[183] above, although the GFC would have had some impact
on occupancy rates for BMS R&D space, its impact is unlikely to have been as
significant as the defendant contends due to the specialised nature of the BMS
R&D sector. Furthermore, the impact of economic conditions on the plaintiff’s
loss of net rental revenue is too remote. Such loss did not flow naturally
from the delay, nor did the defendant have any special knowledge that the
delay would prolong the time required for Biopolis 3 to achieve stabilised
occupancy because of these economic conditions. On the contrary, as I found in
the Liability Judgment (HC), the plaintiff had deliberately slowed down the
completion of Biopolis 3, presumably in the hope that some delay might enable
Biopolis 3 to enter the market amidst more favourable economic conditions.
Applying the analysis in Out of the Box at [47(e)], the defendant would not
have considered the impact of these economic conditions on the time taken by
Biopolis 3 to reach stabilised occupancy to be “foreseeable as a not unlikely
consequence that [it] should be liable for”.

(d) Conclusion on the time taken to achieve stabilised occupancy in the Delay
Scenario

268 Hence, I am not convinced by the opinion of the experts that extending or
reducing the reasonable time for Biopolis 3 to achieve stabilised occupancy in
the Delay Scenario, compared to the No-Delay Scenario, is justified. The
losses caused to the plaintiff by the impact of these factors are not
significant and the defendant cannot fairly be held liable for them. Hence, I
find that the reasonable time for Biopolis 3 to achieve stabilised occupancy
in the Delay Scenario was four years from January 2011. I note that this comes
close to the average of the estimates adopted by the experts, which is
approximately 4.38 years.

(4) Occupancy growth trajectory

(A) No-Delay Scenario

269 On the one hand, the defendant’s expert, Assoc Prof Yu, adopted what Assoc
Prof Tay labelled an “exponential” projection of the growth in occupancy for
Biopolis 3 in the No-Delay Scenario. Assoc Prof Yu adopted a projected
starting occupancy rate of 25% in January 2010. He then assumed occupancy
rates of 60% in January 2011, 75% in January 2012 and 80% in January 2013,
with stabilised occupancy of 85% being reached in January 2014. This was based
on Assoc Prof Yu’s projection of how much space would be occupied by new
tenants in each year, which he estimated to be 35% in 2011, 15% in 2012, 30%
in 2013 and 40% in 2014. 430

##### Foot Note 430

×

YSM-1, p 33 at para 104.

270 I respectfully decline to adopt Assoc Prof Yu’s projection of Biopolis 3’s
occupancy growth trajectory in the No-Delay Scenario. He did not provide any
detailed explanation of the basis for his projections. As Assoc Prof Tay
observed, Assoc Prof Yu’s exponential projection appeared to reflect his
subjective professional judgment. 431

##### Foot Note 431

×

TKP-1, p 37 at para 41.

Further, in Assoc Prof Yu’s projection of Biopolis 3’s occupancy growth
trajectory in the Delay Scenario, he projected an occupancy rate of 50% in
2011, 432

##### Foot Note 432

×

YSM-1, p 34 at para 105.

instead of 60% for the same year in the No-Delay Scenario, even though the
market conditions in that year would have been the same across both the No-
Delay Scenario and the Delay Scenario. His only explanation for this disparity
seemed to be that a new building in its first year of occupancy in 2011 would
have achieved 50% occupancy, whereas a second-year building would not have
achieved more than 60% occupancy. 433

##### Foot Note 433

×

Transcript (16 April 2021), p 65 at lines 1–4 and 11–14; p 67 at lines 8–12; p
70 at lines 17–25; and p 71 at lines 1–2.

In my view, Assoc Prof Yu has not sufficiently explained why a difference of
one year would have affected the occupancy level of Biopolis 3 in the way he
posited. On the contrary, Assoc Prof Tay assessed that a difference of one
year was unlikely to cause such a significant difference in the occupancy
level. 434

##### Foot Note 434

×

Transcript (19 April 2021), p 93 at lines 22–25 and p 94 at lines 1–4.

This detracts from the accuracy of Assoc Prof Yu’s projected occupancy growth
trajectory. In its reply submissions, the defendant posited that this
difference in the occupancy level was because of a difference in leasing
momentum in the two scenarios. 435

##### Foot Note 435

×

DRS at para 69.

However, this was not the explanation given by Assoc Prof Yu at the trial.

271 On the other hand, the plaintiff’s experts adopted a straight-line
projection of the growth in occupancy for Biopolis 3 in the No-Delay Scenario.
This involves drawing a straight line from Biopolis 3’s projected starting
occupancy rate in January 2010 (ie, 35.7%) to Biopolis 3’s stabilised
occupancy level in January 2014 (ie, 90%) and then interpolating the occupancy
rates for each intervening year from 2011 to 2013. I accept Assoc Prof Tay’s
evidence that this straight-line interpolation method is widely used. 436

##### Foot Note 436

×

TKP-1, p 37 at para 41.

I also agree with Dr Woo’s observation that, while the straight-line
interpolation method may not be fully accurate as a reflection of the actual
occupancy rates achieved in each year, it is the most neutral method of
projecting these occupancy rates in the absence of data on the occupancy
growth trajectories for comparable buildings. 437

##### Foot Note 437

×

Transcript (7 April 2021), p 73 at lines 2–20.

Further, I accept the plaintiff’s submission that this straight-line
interpolation method is especially fair and reasonable where information on
the likely growth profile of the occupancy rates for the intermediate years
(between the first year and the year in which stabilised occupancy is
achieved) is not readily available, as it removes the uncertainty as to what
the likely growth profile would be (for example, whether it would be convex or
concave, regular or irregular, steep or gentle). 438

##### Foot Note 438

×

PWS at para 162.

272 Applying this straight-line interpolation method, Dr Woo estimated that
the occupancy rates Biopolis 3 would have achieved in each year of the No-
Delay Scenario are as follows: 35.7% in January 2010, 49.3% in January 2011,
62.9% in January 2012, 76.4% in January 2013 and 90% in January 2014. 439

##### Foot Note 439

×

AWYL-1, p 9 at para 18 (Chart A1.1).

I pause here to note that, while Mr Toh and Assoc Prof Tay applied the same
straight-line interpolation method, they arrived at different figures from Dr
Woo because they adopted different starting occupancy rates for January 2010
(35% for Mr Toh 440

##### Foot Note 440

×

ATS-1, p 32 at para 6.64.

based on a rounding-down of Dr Woo’s figure of 35.7% for convenience, 441

##### Foot Note 441

×

TKP-1, p 24 at para F3.3.

and 30% for Assoc Prof Tay) 442

##### Foot Note 442

×

TKP-1, p 37 at para 42; TKP-4, p 3 at Table 1 (Scenario 1).

and different stabilised occupancy levels (85% for Assoc Prof Tay). 443

##### Foot Note 443

×

ATS-1, p 32 at para 6.63 (Figure 11); TKP-2 at p 12 (Table 1).

As I have found that the starting occupancy rate Biopolis 3 would have
achieved in January 2010 in the No-Delay Scenario was 35.7% (see [149]–[171]
and [185] above) and that its stabilised occupancy level is 90% (see
[242]–[243] above), I shall use Dr Woo’s figures in ascertaining the projected
occupancy rates Biopolis 3 would have achieved in each year of the No-Delay
Scenario.

273 I pause here to note that the starting occupancy rate which should be used
is 35.7%, and not 42.5% which I have found to be the projected first-year
occupancy rate under the single-year model (at [193] above). This is because
the figure of 42.5% is the average of Biopolis 3’s projected occupancy rate at
the start of 2010 and its projected occupancy rate at the start of 2011. It,
therefore, represents Biopolis 3’s occupancy rate across the whole of 2010.
Meanwhile, the figure of 35.7% represents Biopolis 3’s starting occupancy rate
as at January 2010\. As I have found that Biopolis 3 would have reached
stabilised occupancy in January 2014 in the No-Delay Scenario (see [245]
above), it would be appropriate to use the occupancy rates that would have
been achieved in January of each year. Hence, for the purposes of the multi-
year model, I reject the plaintiff’s submission that the yearly occupancy
rates should be derived by averaging the occupancy rate for January of a
particular year with the occupancy rate for January of the following year. 444

##### Foot Note 444

×

PWS at paras 159–160.

274 Hence, I find that the occupancy rates Biopolis 3 would have achieved in
each year of the No-Delay Scenario, using the straight-line interpolation
method, are as follows: 35.7% in January 2010, 49.3% in January 2011, 62.9% in
January 2012, 76.4% in January 2013 and 90% in January 2014. As I have found
(at [242]–[243] above) that Biopolis 3’s stabilised occupancy level is 90%,
this would also be its projected occupancy rate for January 2015.

(B) Delay Scenario

275 In the Delay Scenario I also adopt the straight-line projection of
occupancy growth for Biopolis 3 used by the plaintiff’s experts, which I have
accepted for the purposes of the No-Delay Scenario at [271]–[274] above. I
have found that stabilised occupancy of 90% should have been reached in four
years from January 2011, ie, by January 2015 (see [260]–[268] above).
Therefore, the occupancy rates that Biopolis 3 would have achieved in each
year of the Delay Scenario depend on its projected starting occupancy rate for
January 2011.

276 Both Mr Toh and Assoc Prof Tay adopted the same starting occupancy rate
for January 2011 in the Delay Scenario as for January 2010 in the No-Delay
Scenario, ie, 35% for Mr Toh (based on a rounding-down of Dr Woo’s figure of
35.7% representing the five pre-commitment tenants) 445

##### Foot Note 445

×

ATS-2 at p 29.

and 30% for Assoc Prof Tay. 446

##### Foot Note 446

×

TKP-4, p 3 at Table 1 (Scenario 3).

On the other hand, Assoc Prof Yu suggested that the starting occupancy rate
for January 2011 would be 50%. 447

##### Foot Note 447

×

YSM-1 at p 34, para 105(a).

During the trial, he explained that his analysis showed that if Biopolis 3 had
been completed in 2011, a new building in its first year of operation would be
able to attract up to 50% starting occupancy as the market would have
recovered from the effects of the GFC by this time. 448

##### Foot Note 448

×

Transcript (16 April 2021), p 64 at lines 6–10 and p 67 at lines 8–10.

277 Between the two sets of views offered by the experts, I prefer Mr Toh and
Assoc Prof Tay’s projected starting occupancy rates for January 2011, save
that I adopt a rate of 35.7%. This was the projected starting occupancy rate
for January 2010 that Dr Woo adopted in the No-Delay Scenario, on the premise
that the five pre-commitment tenants would have leased 35.7% of Biopolis 3’s
NLA if the delay in completion had not occurred. Although the five pre-
commitment tenants would not have been Biopolis 3’s starting occupants in the
Delay Scenario, I am of the view that the figure of 35.7% provides a good
gauge of the starting occupancy level that Biopolis 3 would have secured in
January 2011 in the Delay Scenario. As I have explained at [175]–[183] above,
I do not think that the GFC would have had as significant an impact on the
occupancy rates of BMS R&D developments as Assoc Prof Yu suggests. I,
therefore, find Assoc Prof Yu’s estimate of 50% starting occupancy in January
2011 unrealistic.

278 These findings mean that the occupancy trajectory Biopolis 3 would have
achieved in the Delay Scenario is the same as that in the No-Delay Scenario.
The occupancy rates Biopolis 3 would have achieved in each year of the Delay
Scenario are, therefore, as follows: 35.7% in January 2011, 49.3% in January
2012, 62.9% in January 2013, 76.4% in January 2014 and 90% in January 2015.

(5) Gross monthly rental rates

(A) The experts’ views

279 Each expert adopted the same gross monthly rental rates for each year
across both the No-Delay Scenario and the Delay Scenario, save for 2010.
However, the experts differed on what the appropriate rates should be.

280 Mr Toh derived his projected gross monthly rental rates from the actual
rental revenue earned by the plaintiff based on its audited financial
statements, and adopted the actual implied rental rate for 2011 as the
projected rental rate for 2010 in the No-Delay Scenario (see [198] above). On
this basis, he projected that the gross monthly rental rates for Biopolis 3
would have been $5.61 per sq ft for 2010 (in the No-Delay Scenario), $5.61 per
sq ft in 2011, $5.28 per sq ft in 2012, $3.90 per sq ft in 2013, $4.92 per sq
ft in 2014 and $4.73 per sq ft in 2015 (inclusive of monthly service charges).
449

##### Foot Note 449

×

ATS-1, p 14 at paras 4.6–4.7 and p 115 (Appendix 18); ATS-2 at p 31 (read with
p 27 for the rate for 2015).

These rates are straight-lined over both the rent-paying and the rent-free
periods under the various leases, and they include the increases in rent over
time under the rent escalation clauses. 450

##### Foot Note 450

×

Transcript (13 April 2021), p 162 at lines 5–11; Transcript (14 April 2021), p
8 at lines 2–6.

281 On the other hand, Assoc Prof Yu analysed the rental rates for the
business park market, taking into account data from JTC Corporation and Knight
Frank, 75th percentile rental rates for Science Park, and all industrial and
business park rental indices. On this basis, he projected that the gross
monthly rental rates for Biopolis 3 would have been $3.75 per sq ft in January
2010 (in the No-Delay Scenario), $4.75 per sq ft in January 2011, $4.95 per sq
ft in January 2012, $4.55 per sq ft in January 2013 and $4.85 per sq ft in
January 2014 (inclusive of monthly service charges of $0.65). 451

##### Foot Note 451

×

YSM-1, p 33 at para 101.

Assoc Prof Yu did not provide an estimated gross monthly rental rate for
January 2015 as his report focused on the period from mid-2008 to end-2014.
452

##### Foot Note 452

×

YSM-1, p 33 at paras 31 and 101; YSM-2 at p 8.

282 Assoc Prof Tay adopted the projected gross monthly rental rates used by Dr
Woo and Mr Yeo in their joint expert report. 453

##### Foot Note 453

×

TKP-2, p 6 at para 9; TKP-4 at p 3 (Table 1, footnote 2).

He opined that Dr Woo and Mr Yeo’s approach was the most balanced as it takes
into account both the actual signed leases for Biopolis 3 and market data.
Therefore, he adopted their projected gross monthly rental rates. Dr Woo and
Mr Yeo projected these rental rates by ascertaining the actual weighted gross
monthly rental rates contracted for by Biopolis 3’s first four tenants in the
fourth quarter 2011 (ie, $5.29 per sq ft) and extrapolating the gross monthly
rental rates for 2010 and from 2012 onwards by applying islandwide business
park gross median rental growth rates. 454

##### Foot Note 454

×

AWYL-1, pp 63–66 at paras 92, 95, 97–101.

For example, as islandwide business park gross median rental rates increased
by 5.4% from the first quarter of 2010 to the fourth quarter of 2011, Dr Woo
and Mr Yeo derived an estimated gross monthly rental rate of $5.02 per sq ft
for Biopolis 3 in the first quarter of 2010. On this basis, Assoc Prof Tay
projected that the gross monthly rental rates for Biopolis 3 in the Delay
Scenario (assuming inadequate mitigation by the plaintiff) were $5.29 per sq
ft for 2011, $5.17 per sq ft for 2012, $5.69 per sq ft for 2013, $5.55 per sq
ft for 2014 and $5.82 per sq ft for 2015. 455

##### Foot Note 455

×

TKP-4, p 3 at Table 1 (Scenario 3) and TKP-3, p 10 at Table 3 (Scenario 2B)
(for the rental rate for 2015), read with PCB, Vol 7, Tab 77 at p 1.

283 I pause here to note that Dr Woo clarified during the trial that the
islandwide 75th percentile rental growth rates should have been used instead
of the islandwide median rental growth rates, to reflect that Biopolis 3 would
be able to command higher rental rates than generic business parks. 456

##### Foot Note 456

×

Transcript (7 April 2021), p 84 at lines 18–25 and p 85 at lines 2–15.

Using the islandwide 75th percentile rental growth rates instead, Dr Woo
projected that the gross monthly rental rates for Biopolis 3 would have been
$5.13 per sq ft in the first quarter of 2010 (in the No-Delay Scenario), $5.29
per sq ft in the fourth quarter of 2011, $5.20 per sq ft in the fourth quarter
of 2012, $6.48 per sq ft in the fourth quarter of 2013, $5.36 per sq ft in the
fourth quarter of 2014 and $6.03 per sq ft in the fourth quarter of 2015
(inclusive of service charges). 457

##### Foot Note 457

×

PCB, Vol 7, Tab 77 at p 2.

However, these rates do not take into account the rent-free periods and rent
escalation clauses in each lease. 458

##### Foot Note 458

×

Transcript (8 April 2021), p 140 at lines 11–25 and p 141 at lines 1–3.

(B) My findings

284 First, I wish to state that for the purposes of the multi-year model
(unlike under the single-year model), rent-free periods and rent escalation
clauses are taken into account in calculating the plaintiff’s loss of net
rental revenue. This is because the multi-year model does not focus only on
the revenue that the plaintiff would have earned in 2010 but instead looks at
the revenue earned during the period up to stabilised occupancy in the Delay
Scenario compared to the No-Delay Scenario. Therefore, the projected gross
monthly rental rates should be straight-lined to take into account the effect
of rent-free periods and rent escalation clauses. Of the three experts’
estimates, only Mr Toh’s projected gross monthly rental rates explicitly take
into account rent-free periods and rent escalation clauses. Having said this,
rent-free periods and rent escalation clauses are the product of negotiations
between landlord and tenant. There is no standard industry practice in this
regard. 459

##### Foot Note 459

×

Transcript (9 April 2021), p 97 at lines 11–25; p 98 at lines 1–25; p 99 at
lines 1–25; and p 100 at lines 1–15.

Hence, there is no standard or uniform way to accurately take into account the
effect of rent-free periods and rent escalation clauses in ascertaining the
plaintiff’s projected net rental revenue.

285 Second, I agree with Assoc Prof Tay’s view that the approach taken by Dr
Woo and Mr Yeo is the most balanced as it takes into account both the actual
signed leases for Biopolis 3 in 2011 and market data. However, I note that
both Dr Woo and Mr Yeo’s projected rental rates and Mr Toh’s projected rental
rates are derived based on the actual rental rates and rental revenue earned
by the plaintiff. As I have explained at [235]–[237] above, I am cautious of
placing too much weight on these actual figures as the actual time taken for
Biopolis 3 to reach stabilised occupancy was longer than was reasonable in the
Delay Scenario. Indeed, one factor which may have prolonged the time Biopolis
3 actually took to achieve stabilised occupancy may have been the plaintiff’s
pricing strategy. Therefore, to compare like with like, projected figures
should be used as far as possible to determine Biopolis 3’s projected gross
monthly rental rates.

286 In my view, the fairest approach would be to take the average of three
figures: (a) the projected gross monthly rental rates proposed by Mr Toh (at
[280] above); (b) the projected gross monthly rental rates proposed by Dr Woo
and Mr Yeo (at [283] above); and (c) the islandwide business park 75th
percentile rental rates, which were provided by Dr Woo. 460

##### Foot Note 460

×

PCB, Vol 7, Tab 77 at p 2.

These three sets of figures are set out in the table below.

(a) With regard to item (a), I have excluded Mr Toh’s projected gross monthly
rental rate for 2010 (ie, $5.61 per sq ft). This is Mr Toh’s actual implied
rental rate for 2011, which he adopted as the projected rental rate for 2010.
However, it may not be realistic to assume that the rental rate for 2010 would
have been the same as the rental rate for 2011, given that Dr Woo’s evidence
shows that there was a 3.2% increase in islandwide 75th percentile rental
rates from the first quarter of 2010 to the fourth quarter of 2011. 461

##### Foot Note 461

×

PCB, Vol 7, Tab 77 at p 2.

Therefore, the rental rate for 2010 should be lower than the rental rate for
2011.

(b) With regard to item (c), although Assoc Prof Yu’s estimated rental rates
were also based on islandwide business park rental rates, I have chosen to use
the islandwide business park 75th percentile rental rates provided by Dr Woo
instead. This is because, as I have explained at [214] above, Assoc Prof Yu
did not provide details of how he used his professional judgment to derive his
estimates from this data. It may, therefore, be more accurate to use the
islandwide business park 75th percentile data directly in these calculations.

Year| (a)Mr Toh’s estimates| (b)Dr Woo’s and Mr Yeo’s estimates| (c)Islandwide
business park 75th percentile rental rates| Average of (a), (b) and (c)  
---|---|---|---|---  
2010| Excluded | $5.13 per sq ft| $4.12 per sq ft| $4.63 per sq ft  
2011| $5.61 per sq ft| $5.29 per sq ft| $4.25 per sq ft| $5.05 per sq ft  
2012| $5.28 per sq ft| $5.20 per sq ft| $4.18 per sq ft| $4.89 per sq ft  
2013| $3.90 per sq ft| $6.48 per sq ft| $5.21 per sq ft| $5.20 per sq ft  
2014| $4.92 per sq ft| $5.36 per sq ft| $4.31 per sq ft| $4.86 per sq ft  
2015| $4.73 per sq ft| $6.03 per sq ft| $4.85 per sq ft| $5.20 per sq ft  
  
287 Hence, I find that the projected gross monthly rental rates that Biopolis
3 would have achieved in each year are as follows: $4.63 per sq ft in 2010 (in
the No-Delay Scenario), $5.05 per sq ft in 2011, $4.89 per sq ft in 2012,
$5.20 per sq ft in 2013, $4.86 per sq ft in 2014 and $5.20 per sq ft in 2015.

(6) Net revenue margins

288 The plaintiff submits that a net revenue margin of 52.1% should be applied
across all years. 52.1% is the average of the plaintiff’s actual net revenue
margins for Biopolis 3 from 2012 to 2017, as determined by Mr Toh. The
plaintiff contends that this average figure should be used rather than the
figure from a specific year to reduce the effect of outliers (such as the
breakdown of a building system which requires substantial replacement costs to
be incurred). 462

##### Foot Note 462

×

PWS at paras 175–177.

The defendant rejects the plaintiff’s proposed net revenue margin of 52.1%.
463

##### Foot Note 463

×

DRS at para 72.

289 I am unable to accept the plaintiff’s submission. For the reasons I have
explained at [235]–[237] above, projected figures should be preferred over
actual figures. Further, the plaintiff’s submission departs from the approach
of its own expert, Mr Toh (which I shall deal with at [292] below).

290 I shall now consider each expert’s projected net revenue margins.

(A) The experts’ views

291 As was the case in relation to the gross monthly rental rates, each expert
adopted the same projected net revenue margin for each year across both the
No-Delay Scenario and the Delay Scenario (save for 2010, which is addressed
specifically at [221]–[223] above). However, the experts adopted different
approaches to ascertaining the plaintiff’s projected net revenue margins.

292 Mr Toh adopted projected net revenue margins of 49.3% for 2010, 52.4% for
2011, 53.1% for 2012 and 55.9% for each year from 2013 onwards. As explained
at [221] above, the method used by Mr Toh to derive these projected net
revenue margins was as follows. Mr Toh first arranged the plaintiff’s actual
net revenue margins and the corresponding actual yearly occupancy rates
achieved by Biopolis 3 on a scale, and then mapped the projected occupancy
rates for Biopolis 3 onto this scale to determine the corresponding projected
net revenue margin for each projected occupancy rate. 464

##### Foot Note 464

×

ATS-1, p 100, Figure 3 at note A.

Since Mr Toh derived the plaintiff’s actual net revenue margins based on its
actual revenue and actual cost of sales for each year in its audited financial
statements, 465

##### Foot Note 465

×

ATS-1, p 27 at para 6.44 and p 28 at para 6.49.

which would have been straight-lined (see [199] above), Mr Toh’s projected net
revenue margins include straight-lining. It should also be noted that a higher
occupancy rate does not necessarily translate directly into a higher net
revenue margin in Mr Toh’s scale. For example, an occupancy rate of 64.3% maps
onto a net revenue margin of 54.4%, while a higher occupancy rate of 75.6%
maps onto a lower net rental revenue margin of 51.7%. To illustrate this, I
set out Mr Toh’s scale 466

##### Foot Note 466

×

ATS-1, p 100 at Figure 3.

below.

![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)

293 Assoc Prof Yu applied a net revenue margin of 85% across all years, based
on deducting 15% from the plaintiff’s gross rental revenue for property tax.
467

##### Foot Note 467

×

Exhibit D2 at p 1.

294 Assoc Prof Tay estimated that the plaintiff’s projected net revenue
margins would be 52% for 2010, -383% for 2011, 41% for 2012, 54% for 2013, 53%
for 2014 and 55% for 2015. This is based on actual data on the plaintiff’s
cost of sales for Biopolis 3 taken from its audited financial statements, to
reflect the plaintiff’s actual efficiency in marketing, managing and
maintaining Biopolis 3. However, Assoc Prof Tay adjusted this data to remove
straight-lining. 468

##### Foot Note 468

×

Transcript (19 April 2021), p 135 at lines 1–3; TKP-5, p 3 at para D.

To obtain the net revenue margin for 2010, Assoc Prof Tay took an average of
the margins from 2012 to 2017 (excluding 2011).

(B) My findings

295 I prefer Mr Toh’s method of estimating the plaintiff’s projected net
revenue margins compared to the methods used by Assoc Prof Yu and Assoc Prof
Tay, for two reasons.

296 First, as I have explained at [224] above, the plaintiff’s actual revenue
margins and actual cost of sales data, which included the holding costs
incurred by the plaintiff in each year except for 2010, would provide a more
accurate indicator of the projected net revenue margins it would have
achieved, compared to Assoc Prof Yu’s approach of simply deducting 15% for
property tax. The projected figures should be relied on as far as possible
under the multi-year model to ascertain the time taken for Biopolis 3 to
achieve stabilised occupancy, its occupancy growth trajectory and its gross
monthly rental rates. However, I am of the view that the plaintiff’s actual
net revenue margins and actual cost of sales data (including the holding costs
it incurred in each year except 2010), can be relied on to determine its
projected net revenue margins. This is because Mr Toh did not simply adopt the
plaintiff’s actual net revenue margin for each year, but instead mapped out
the plaintiff’s actual net revenue margins and actual occupancy rates across
various years on a scale to ascertain the relationship between the two. This
provides a good gauge of the plaintiff’s cost-efficiency in marketing,
managing and maintaining Biopolis 3. In turn, this would yield a more accurate
estimate of its projected net rental revenue.

297 As I have noted at [292] above, Mr Toh’s actual net revenue margins were
derived based on the plaintiff’s actual cost of sales for each year in its
audited financial statements. Mr Toh was only instructed by the plaintiff to
exclude the cost of sales incurred by the plaintiff in 2010, which the
plaintiff is claiming separately as holding costs. 469

##### Foot Note 469

×

ATS-1, p 29 at para 6.52.

The defendant submits that it is inconsistent for Mr Toh to exclude the
plaintiff’s cost of sales only in 2010 while taking into account the cost of
sales in subsequent years. 470

##### Foot Note 470

×

DWS at paras 183–187.

However, I disagree. Mr Toh estimated his projected net revenue margins by
mapping out the plaintiff’s actual net revenue margins and actual occupancy
rates from 2011 to 2017 on a scale. 471

##### Foot Note 471

×

ATS-1, p 37 at para 6.85 (Figure 16).

Since Mr Toh was only instructed to exclude the cost of sales (including the
holding costs) in 2010, the actual net revenue margins included in his scale
would already have factored in the cost of sales incurred by the plaintiff in
each year from 2011 to 2017. Therefore, when Mr Toh used this scale to derive
the projected net rental revenue margin for 2010 (based on his projected
occupancy rate of 35%), the cost of sales (which included the holding costs)
was already taken into account. The inconsistency raised by the defendant only
arises if the plaintiff’s actual net rental revenue earned in 2010 (in the
Delay Scenario) are compared with the plaintiff’s projected net rental revenue
that it would have earned in 2010 (in the No-Delay Scenario). As I have found
that the plaintiff’s projected net rental revenue in the Delay Scenario should
be compared with its projected net rental revenue in the No-Delay Scenario,
the cost of sales incurred by the plaintiff are taken into account
consistently in both scenarios.

298 Second, I have found that the effect of rent-free periods and rent
escalation clauses should be taken into account via straight-lining in
calculating the plaintiff’s projected gross monthly rental rates under the
multi-year model (see [284] above). For consistency, these considerations
should also be taken into account in ascertaining the plaintiff’s projected
net revenue margins.

299 However, Mr Toh’s estimated net revenue margins are premised on his
estimates of Biopolis 3’s projected occupancy rates for each year. Therefore,
these figures need to be adjusted against Mr Toh’s reference points to reflect
my findings above on the projected occupancy rates that Biopolis 3 would have
achieved in each year of the No-Delay Scenario (as set out at [274] above) and
the Delay Scenario (as set out at [278] above). I have found that the
occupancy trajectory Biopolis 3 would have achieved in the Delay Scenario is
the same as that in the No-Delay Scenario, save that the occupancy rates
achieved in the Delay Scenario should be displaced by one year ie 2010, to
reflect the period of delay. Therefore, by way of illustration, the occupancy
rate of Biopolis 3 would have achieved in January 2011 in the Delay Scenario
is the same as the occupancy rate it would have achieved in January 2010 (one
year earlier) in the No-Delay Scenario.

300 After making these adjustments, the net revenue margins to be adopted in
each year of the No-Delay Scenario are as follows:

(a) January 2010: I found that the occupancy rate would have been 35.7%. This
falls between the occupancy rates of 26.2% and 51.7% on Mr Toh’s scale, which
Mr Toh maps onto net revenue margins of 45.7% and 52.9% respectively. 472

##### Foot Note 472

×

ATS-1, p 100 at Figure 3.

This is also very close to Mr Toh’s projected occupancy rate of 35% for 2010
(which he maps onto a net revenue margin of 49.3%). Hence, I adopt Mr Toh’s
net revenue margin of 49.3%.

(b) January 2011: I found that the occupancy rate would have been 49.3%. This
also falls in between the occupancy rates of 26.2% and 51.7% (which Mr Toh
maps onto net revenue margins of 45.7% and 52.9% respectively 473

##### Foot Note 473

×

ATS-1, p 100 at Figure 3.

) but is closer to the latter. Hence, I adopt a net revenue margin of 52%.

(c) January 2012: I found that the occupancy rate would have been 62.9%. As
this falls in between the occupancy rates of 55.8% and 64.3% (which Mr Toh
maps onto net revenue margins of 52% and 54.4% respectively) 474

##### Foot Note 474

×

ATS-1, p 100 at Figure 3.

but is closer to the latter, I adopt a net revenue margin of 54%.

(d) January 2013: I found that the occupancy rate would have been 76.4%. This
falls in between the occupancy rates of 75.6% and 85.3% respectively (which Mr
Toh maps onto net revenue margins of 51.7% and 55.9%) 475

##### Foot Note 475

×

ATS-1, p 100 at Figure 3.

but is closer to the former. Hence, I adopt a net revenue margin of 52%.

(e) January 2014: I found that the occupancy rate would have been 90%. As this
is the same as Mr Toh’s projected occupancy rate for 2014 (which he maps onto
a net revenue margin of 55.9%) 476

##### Foot Note 476

×

ATS-1, p 100 at Figure 3.

, I adopt a net revenue margin of 55.9%.

(f) January 2015: As Biopolis 3 would have reached stabilised occupancy of 90%
in January 2014 in the No-Delay Scenario, I shall also adopt the net revenue
margin of 55.9%.

301 As for the Delay Scenario, the net revenue margins to be adopted in each
year are as follows:

(a) January 2011: I found that the occupancy rate would have been 35.7%. For
the reasons explained at [300(a)] above, I adopt Mr Toh’s net revenue margin
of 49.3%.

(b) January 2012: I found that the occupancy rate would have been 49.3%. For
the reasons explained at [300(b)] above, I adopt a net revenue margin of 52%.

(c) January 2013: I found that the occupancy rate would have been 62.9%. For
the reasons explained at [300(c)] above, I adopt a net revenue margin of 54%.

(d) January 2014: I found that the occupancy rate would have been 76.4%. For
the reasons explained at [300(d)] above, I adopt a net revenue margin of 52%.

(e) January 2015: I found that the occupancy rate would have been 90%. For the
reasons explained at [300(e)] above, I adopt a net revenue margin of 55.9%.

(7) Discount for project risk

302 The plaintiff’s expert, Mr Toh, applied a discount of 8% to obtain the net
present value of the loss of net rental revenue as at the reference date of 12
January 2011 (which was the date of completion of Biopolis 3). This discount
is applied to take into account the uncertainty in the cash flows for Biopolis
3 over time and reflects the risk of Biopolis 3 not achieving its revenue
projections. This risk arises from the possibility of not achieving the
projected occupancy rates, rental rates and revenue margins, as well as the
possibility of events such as tenants discontinuing their leases halfway, fire
hazards and biohazards. Mr Toh also explained that the rate of 8% was derived
based on the median discount rate adopted in the valuation of market
comparables by professional valuers. This rate was then cross-checked against
other business park properties and portfolios. 477

##### Foot Note 477

×

ATS-1, pp 39–41 at paras 6.89–6.96; ATS-2 at p 29; Transcript (13 April 2021),
p 81 at lines 4–25 and p 82 at lines 1–6; Transcript (14 April 2021), p 89 at
lines 15–19.

On this basis, the plaintiff submits that a discount of 8% should be applied
to account for all aspects of risk in relation to Biopolis 3 reaching its
revenue projections. 478

##### Foot Note 478

×

PWS at para 178.

303 Assoc Prof Tay concurred with Mr Toh’s approach. He noted that it is a
well-established principle and practice for cash flows received over a period
of time to be discounted back to their present value at a particular date.
Further, his experience with industrial property discount rates supports 8% as
the appropriate discount rate. 479

##### Foot Note 479

×

TKP-1, p 40 at para 54.

304 Assoc Prof Yu did not apply a discount in his analysis. He explained that
he did not consider it necessary to apply a discount because he had focused on
ascertaining the loss of net rental revenue, and not on conducting a valuation
of the plaintiff’s rental revenue as at a specific point in time. However, he
agreed that a discount rate of 8% could be adopted if a reference date was
fixed. 480

##### Foot Note 480

×

TKP-1, p 28 at paras J4.1–J4.2.

305 I find that a discount rate of 8% (which is generally supported by both
parties’ experts and Assoc Prof Tay) is appropriate in this case. I agree with
the plaintiff’s submission that Mr Toh determined this discount rate in a
principled manner. 481

##### Foot Note 481

×

PWS at para 179.

Based on Mr Toh’s explanation (as outlined at [302] above), the discount
reflects the uncertainties regarding whether Biopolis 3 would be able to
achieve its revenue projections, including risks arising from contingencies
such as fire hazards and biohazards. Such risks are inevitable under the
multi-year model given that it involves projections of occupancy rates, rental
rates and revenue margins several years into the future (as noted at [112]
above). However, as I have explained at [115] above, I do not think the
discount rate of 8% adequately accounts for all aspects of risk relating to
Biopolis 3 reaching its revenue projections, or for the inherently speculative
and variable nature of the multi-year model.

306 I, therefore, find that a discount rate of 8% should be applied to the
plaintiff’s loss of net rental revenue, as suggested by Mr Toh.

(8) Conclusion on the application of the multi-year model

307 Applying the above parameters, the plaintiff’s loss of net rental revenue
under the multi-year model is $10,465,799.87. A summary of the parameters
adopted is set out in the table below.

Year| No-Delay Scenario| Delay Scenario  
---|---|---  
2010| Occupancy rate: 35.7%Monthly gross rental rate: $4.63 per sq ftNet
revenue margin: 49.3%| Occupancy rate: 0%  
2011| Occupancy rate: 49.3%Monthly gross rental rate: $5.05 per sq ftNet revenue margin: 52% | Occupancy rate: 35.7%Monthly gross rental rate: $5.05 per sq ftNet revenue margin: 49.3%  
2012| Occupancy rate: 62.9%Monthly gross rental rate: $4.89 per sq ftNet
revenue margin: 54%| Occupancy rate: 49.3%Monthly gross rental rate: $4.89 per
sq ftNet revenue margin: 52%  
2013| Occupancy rate: 76.4%Monthly gross rental rate: $5.20Net revenue margin:
52%| Occupancy rate: 62.9%Monthly gross rental rate: $5.20 per sq ftNet
revenue margin: 54%  
2014| Occupancy rate: 90%Monthly gross rental rate: $4.86Net revenue margin:
55.9%| Occupancy rate: 76.4%Monthly gross rental rate: $4.86Net revenue
margin: 52%  
2015| Occupancy rate: 90%Monthly gross rental rate: $5.20Net revenue margin: 55.9% | Occupancy rate: 90%Monthly gross rental rate: $5.20Net revenue margin: 55.9%  
Projected net revenue from 2010–2015| $46,704,951.56| $36,239,151.70  
Difference| $10,465,799.87  
  
308 The difference between the plaintiff’s projected net revenue in the No-
Delay Scenario and the Delay Scenario (ie, $10,465,799.87) represents the
plaintiff’s loss of net rental revenue over the period from 2010 to 2015.
After applying the discount of 8% for project risk, the plaintiff’s loss of
net rental revenue is $9,628,535.88. Since the defendant was responsible for
161 out of 334 days of delay, the loss of net rental revenue for which the
defendant is liable is (161/334) × $9,628,535.88, ie, $4,641,300.23
(approximately $4.64 m).

Damages for loss of net rental revenue under the multi-year model|
$4,641,300.23  
---|---  
  
309 For comparison, I set out below the quantifications of the plaintiff’s
loss of net rental revenue (as apportioned for the defendant’s delay) under
the multi-year model provided by Mr Toh, Assoc Prof Yu and Assoc Prof Tay.

Mr Toh(apportioned based on 161 out of 355 days, instead of 161 out of 334 days) | $4,483,678 482

##### Foot Note 482

× ATS-2 at p 29 (Scenario 3).  
---|---  
Assoc Prof Yu(not inclusive of service charges and without applying 8%
discount rate)| $362,183.83 483

##### Foot Note 483

× YSM-2, p 17 at para 31; Exhibit D2 at p 1.  
Assoc Prof Tay(applying a fixed net revenue margin of 60%)| $3,662,385 484

##### Foot Note 484

× TKP-4, p 5 at Table 2 (Scenario 2B).  
  
310 I note that my figure of $4,641,300.23 (see [308] above) is very close to
Mr Toh’s figure, and is also not far from Assoc Prof Tay’s figure.

Summary on loss of net rental revenue

311 I shall now summarise my findings in relation to the plaintiff’s claim for
loss of net rental revenue.

312 The plaintiff’s claim for loss of net rental revenue comprises two
distinct types of loss: pre-completion loss of net rental revenue (incurred
during the period of delay in 2010), and post-completion loss of net rental
revenue (incurred after the completion of Biopolis 3). It is clear that the
pre-completion loss of net rental revenue is direct loss within the first limb
of the rule in Hadley v Baxendale as it was the natural consequence of the
delay in completion. However, the post-completion loss of net rental revenue
is indirect loss. Such loss is too remote and does not fall within the second
limb of the rule in Hadley v Baxendale as the plaintiff has not shown that the
defendant had actual knowledge that the plaintiff would incur a further loss
of net rental revenue in the period from Biopolis 3’s completion until
Biopolis 3 achieved stabilised occupancy (see [93]–[102] above).

313 The appropriate method of quantifying the plaintiff’s loss of net rental
revenue should, therefore, focus on the pre-completion loss of net rental
revenue during the period of delay in 2010. Although the experts focused on
the multi-year model in their initial reports, the experts’ proposed methods
are premised on the assumption that the requirements of causation, remoteness
and mitigation have all been satisfied by the plaintiff. The plaintiff’s claim
for loss of net rental revenue based on the multi-year model appears to
infringe the principles on remoteness of damage because the plaintiff’s post-
completion loss of net rental revenue is too remote to be recoverable (see
[93]–[102] and [127] above). Hence, I asked both parties’ counsel and the
experts to consider if the single-year model is a possible alternative method
of quantifying the plaintiff’s loss of net rental revenue (see [103] and [105]
above).

314 While the multi-year model is a valuable tool for accounting and financial
planning purposes, it suffers from several serious shortcomings which greatly
limit its usefulness in the present assessment of damages proceedings. First,
it is highly speculative and depends on a multitude of variables. The effect
of each assumption made in the multi-year model is magnified by the fact that
it involves projecting occupancy rates, rental rates and net revenue margins
several years into the future, with the relevant number of years itself being
contested. The discount of 8% for project risk suggested by the plaintiff does
not adequately account for the inherently speculative and variable nature of
the multi-year model. Second, the multi-year model depends primarily on
variables that are outside the defendant’s control (in particular, the
stabilised occupancy level and the occupancy growth trajectory). Third, the
multi-year model cannot be used universally as it is capable of yielding
illogical and inequitable outcomes, even for an innocent party in the
plaintiff’s position. The court’s task in these proceedings is to determine
the quantum of the plaintiff’s losses which the defendant can fairly be held
liable for as a result of the delay. Hence, my overarching considerations are
the principles of fairness and equity as well as remoteness of damage. In view
of the shortcomings of the multi-year model, I do not accept that it is a fair
and equitable method of quantifying the plaintiff’s loss of net rental revenue
(see [110]–[125] above).

315 In contrast, the single-year model is much more straightforward and
direct. It focuses directly on the loss of net rental revenue suffered by the
plaintiff during the period of delay. I have found that the post-completion
loss of net rental revenue suffered by the plaintiff from the completion of
Biopolis 3 until stabilised occupancy was achieved is too remote to be
recoverable from the defendant. The principles of remoteness and mitigation
are not compromised in the single-year model. The single-year model also
avoids the illogical and inequitable outcomes that may arise under the multi-
year model. Therefore, the single-year model provides the fairest and most
appropriate method of quantifying the plaintiff’s loss of net rental revenue
for the purposes of the present proceedings (see [126]–[128] above).

316 Having considered the views of the experts, I opine that the following
parameters should be adopted under the single-year model (see [134]–[226]
above):

(a) The first-year occupancy rate that Biopolis 3 would have achieved in 2010
if the delay had not occurred is 42.5%.

(b) The gross monthly rental rates for Biopolis 3 in 2010 should be as
follows:

(i) For the five pre-commitment tenants: $5.95 per sq ft for ICES; $6.25 per
sq ft for Abbott; $5.55 per sq ft for NTU; $5 per sq ft for Philip Morris; and
$6.46 per sq ft for PetNet.

(ii) For the other tenants: $5.25 per sq ft.

(c) These monthly rental rates should then be multiplied by the number of
rent-paying months in 2010:

(i) For the five pre-commitment tenants: 11 months for ICES; 8 months for
Abbott; and 9 months for NTU, Philip Morris and PetNet.

(ii) For the other tenants: 9 months.

(d) A net revenue margin of 52% should be applied to derive the plaintiff’s
net rental revenue from Biopolis 3 for 2010.

317 Applying these parameters, the plaintiff’s loss of net rental revenue for
the whole of 2010 is $4,056,711.62. After apportioning this sum based on the
defendant’s liability for 161 days of delay (out of 334 days), the loss of net
rental revenue for which the defendant is liable under the single-year model
is $1,789,398.82 (see [227]–[228] above).

318 Nevertheless, as the parties and their experts devoted considerable time
to the multi-year model, I have also considered the quantification of the
plaintiff’s loss of net rental revenue under the multi-year model. In my view,
the following parameters should be adopted under the multi-year model (see
[238]–[306] above):

(a) Biopolis 3’s stabilised occupancy level is 90%. In both the Delay Scenario
and the No-Delay Scenario, it would have taken Biopolis 3 four years to reach
this rate of occupancy (ie, Biopolis 3 would have achieved stabilised
occupancy in January 2014 in the No-Delay Scenario and January 2015 in the
Delay Scenario).

(b) With regard to the occupancy growth trajectory for Biopolis 3, a straight-
line projection should be adopted. Biopolis 3’s starting occupancy rate for
January 2010 (in the No-Delay Scenario) and January 2011 (in the Delay
Scenario) would have been 35.7%.

(c) In the No-Delay Scenario, applying a straight-line projection of occupancy
growth from 35.7% in January 2010 to 90% in January 2014, the occupancy rates
Biopolis 3 would have achieved in each year are as follows: 35.7% in January
2010, 49.3% in January 2011, 62.9% in January 2012, 76.4% in January 2013 and
90% in January 2014.

(d) In the Delay Scenario, applying a straight-line projection of occupancy
growth from 35.7% in January 2011 to 90% in January 2015, the occupancy rates
Biopolis 3 would have achieved in each year are as follows: 35.7% in January
2011, 49.3% in January 2012, 62.9% in January 2013, 76.4% in January 2014 and
90% in January 2015.

(e) The projected gross monthly rental rates that Biopolis 3 would have
achieved in each year, in both the No-Delay Scenario and the Delay Scenario,
are as follows: $4.63 per sq ft in 2010 (in the No-Delay Scenario), $5.05 per
sq ft in 2011, $4.89 per sq ft in 2012, $5.20 per sq ft in 2013, $4.86 per sq
ft in 2014 and $5.20 per sq ft in 2015.

(f) In the No-Delay Scenario, the plaintiff’s net revenue margins would have
been 49.3% for January 2010, 52% for January 2011, 54% for January 2012, 52%
for January 2013, 55.9% for January 2014 and 55.9% for January 2015.

(g) In the Delay Scenario, the plaintiff’s net revenue margins would have been
49.3% for January 2011, 52% for January 2012, 54% for January 2013, 52% for
January 2014, and 55.9% for January 2015.

(h) A discount rate of 8% should be applied to account for the risk of
Biopolis 3 not achieving its revenue projections based on these parameters.

319 Applying these parameters, the plaintiff’s loss of net rental revenue over
the period from 2010 to 2015 under the multi-year model is $9,628,535.88. This
is the difference between the plaintiff’s projected net revenue in the No-
Delay Scenario and the Delay Scenario after applying the discount of 8%. Since
the defendant was responsible for 161 out of 334 days of delay, the loss of
net rental revenue for which the defendant is liable is $4,641,300.23 (see
[307]–[308] above).

320 However, as I have explained, the single-year model should be used to
quantify the plaintiff’s loss of net rental revenue in the present
proceedings, instead of the multi-year model. I, therefore, find that the
defendant is liable for a sum of $1,789,398.82 in respect of the plaintiff’s
loss of net rental revenue.

Holding costs

321 It is not disputed that the plaintiff incurred holding costs of
$2,340,102.37 as land rent payable to JTC Corporation and property tax payable
to IRAS from 23 January 2010 to 12 January 2011. However, the defendant
disputes the plaintiff’s claim for holding costs on four grounds.

322 First, the defendant contends that these losses were not caused by the
delay because the plaintiff had committed to incurring these holding costs
before the signing of the LOI. The LOI was signed only after the Biopolis 3
tender documents were submitted by the plaintiff to JTC Corporation. The
defendant argues that those tender documents specified the holding costs
payable by the plaintiff to JTC Corporation if the tender was awarded to the
plaintiff. The plaintiff was awarded the tender in or around December 2007
(Liability Judgment (HC) at [14]). Therefore, the plaintiff would have
incurred these holding costs regardless of whether there was a delay in the
completion of Biopolis 3 and the plaintiff did not rely on the LOI in agreeing
to pay JTC Corporation these holding costs. 485

##### Foot Note 485

×

DWS at paras 9 and 24.

323 Second, the defendant contends that these holding costs are too remote for
the plaintiff to recover.

324 Third, the defendant argues that the plaintiff cannot claim the holding
costs in addition to its alleged loss of net rental revenue because this would
amount to double recovery. 486

##### Foot Note 486

×

DWS at para 9.

325 Fourth, the defendant submits that any holding costs awarded to the
plaintiff should be reduced by the three to six months of rent-free fitting-
out periods because these holding costs would have been expenditure wasted by
the plaintiff during those rent-free periods whether or not there was a delay
in the completion of Biopolis 3. 487

##### Foot Note 487

×

DWS at paras 10 and 25.

326 I shall address each of these four issues in turn.

Whether the holding costs are losses caused by the delay

327 In my view, it is clear that the holding costs are losses caused directly
by the delay. The plaintiff had committed to paying annual land rent to JTC
Corporation in the Building Agreement for Biopolis 3 dated 14 July 2008, which
was after the LOI was signed. 488

##### Foot Note 488

×

PRS at para 91; 2AB, Vol 10 at pp 4873 and 4901 (cl 2.26).

Even if the plaintiff had committed to incurring these holding costs before
the signing of the LOI on 30 June 2008, the holding costs incurred during the
period of delay were wasted expenditure which resulted in the plaintiff
suffering net losses. I agree with the plaintiff’s submission that the holding
costs were wasted expenditure because these sums could not be put to their
potential to generate rental revenue. 489

##### Foot Note 489

×

PWS at para 252.

As the Court of Appeal explained in Alvin Nicholas Nathan, reliance losses are
“the costs and expenses the claimant incurred in reliance on the defendant’s
contracted-for performance, but which were wasted because of the breach of
contract”. The basis for awarding reliance losses is “the assumption that were
the contract performed, the claimant would have at least fully recovered the
costs and expenditure incurred” (Alvin Nicholas Nathan at [24]). The holding
costs incurred by the plaintiff in this case fall squarely within this
description of reliance losses. If the delay in completion had not occurred,
the plaintiff would have begun earning rental revenue from January 2010
onwards and these holding costs would not have been wasted. This rental
revenue would have offset the holding costs incurred by the plaintiff.
However, as a result of the delay, the plaintiff was “required to make
payments in respect of a property which [it] could not use, being payments
from which [it] acquired no benefit” (Leeda Projects Pty Ltd v Yun Zeng (2020)
61 VR 384 at [189]). 490

##### Foot Note 490

×

Plaintiff’s Bundle of Authorities for Closing Submissions at Tab 14.

328 Therefore, I am satisfied on a balance of probabilities that these holding
costs were losses caused by the defendant’s delay. The plaintiff incurred
these holding costs because it relied on Biopolis 3 being completed on time in
January 2010. However, if the plaintiff had claimed loss of gross rental
revenue, it would not be able to claim holding costs at the same time, as this
would be tantamount to a double claim. This is discussed in detail at
[334]–[340] below.

329 As I have explained at [77] above, the Defendant’s Secondary Case on
Causation should be rejected. It was not held that the defendant was
responsible specifically for the delay from 15 July 2010 to 22 December 2010.
In any event, the defendant is liable for 161 days of delay and the part of
the year in which the delay took place makes no difference. The defendant’s
submission that the plaintiff can claim only the holding costs incurred during
the period from 15 July 2010 to 22 December 2010 491

##### Foot Note 491

×

DWS at para 25.

is, therefore, misconceived.

Whether the holding costs are too remote to be recoverable

(1) The parties’ submissions

330 The plaintiff submits that the holding costs are not too remote to be
recoverable from the defendant. At all material times leading up to the
signing of the LOI, the defendant was aware that the plaintiff would incur
such holding costs, including any period of delay to completion. 492

##### Foot Note 492

×

PRDC at para 44A.1.3.

(a) First, the defendant’s knowledge can be imputed since such holding costs
are inevitable for large commercial construction projects such as Biopolis 3.
It was also common knowledge that JTC Corporation had leased the land on which
Biopolis 3 was built to the plaintiff at commercial rates, and that property
tax on the leasehold would be paid by the plaintiff to IRAS. Land leased from
the government for commercial purposes is subject to land rent and relevant
taxes, charges and other holding costs, and Biopolis 3 is no exception.
According to the plaintiff and Mr Leow, such knowledge must be imputed to an
established player in the construction industry, such as the defendant. 493

##### Foot Note 493

×

LLCH, p 30 at para 55; Transcript (26 March 2021), p 121 at lines 3–7; PWS at
para 255.

(b) Further, the defendant was expressly informed or made aware that such
holding costs would be incurred and that the plaintiff would be bearing such
costs through discussions with the plaintiff and other relevant parties
leading up to the signing of the LOI. For instance, the tender document for
Biopolis 3 specified the indicative land rent, the upfront premium and the
land service charge that the plaintiff would have to pay. 494

##### Foot Note 494

×

LLCH, p 31 at para 56(b); PWS at paras 256–259.

It was also expressly made known to the defendant that the plaintiff would
seek to recover the holding costs it had to pay JTC Corporation in the event
of a delay in completion. 495

##### Foot Note 495

×

LLCH, p 31 at para 58; Plaintiff’s Opening Statement at para 50(e); PWS at
para 254.

331 On the other hand, the defendant submits that the holding costs did not
flow naturally from the delay, but instead arose simply because the plaintiff
was leasing the land on which Biopolis 3 was built from JTC Corporation. 496

##### Foot Note 496

×

DWS at para 36.

Further, according to the defendant, none of the evidence shows that the
plaintiff had ever told the defendant that it would claim these holding costs
from the defendant in the event of a delay. 497

##### Foot Note 497

×

DWS at para 36.

Given the defendant’s lack of actual knowledge that the plaintiff would claim
these holding costs, the defendant submits that the holding costs are too
remote. 498

##### Foot Note 498

×

DWS at para 37.

(2) My findings

332 In my view, the holding costs are not too remote to be recoverable. The
holding costs are plainly direct losses within the first limb of the rule in
Hadley v Baxendale. From the delay in the completion of a building, it flows
naturally that expenses such as land rent and property tax will be incurred in
relation to the unfinished building. Further, as a general building contractor
registered with the BCA, the defendant can be taken to have known that land
rent and property tax would be payable on Biopolis 3 even before it was
completed. However, if this was not common industry knowledge, I accept the
plaintiff’s evidence that the fact that the plaintiff would have to incur
various holding costs prior to the completion of Biopolis 3 was specifically
brought to the defendant’s attention by the plaintiff in the course of their
discussions. Therefore, even if the holding costs were not direct losses
within the first limb of the rule in Hadley v Baxendale, they would be
indirect losses within the second limb of the rule in Hadley v Baxendale.

333 Given the defendant’s knowledge of these facts and surrounding
circumstances, the holding costs would have been considered by a reasonable
person in the defendant’s situation at the time of the LOI to be “foreseeable
as a not unlikely consequence that [it] should be liable for” (Out of the Box
at [47]). I, therefore, find that the holding costs are not too remote.

Whether the plaintiff is entitled to claim both loss of net rental revenue and
the holding costs

(1) The applicable law

334 Claims for expectation losses and reliance losses are generally
alternative claims between which a plaintiff must elect (Alvin Nicholas Nathan
at [25]). However, as explained in Smile Inc at [54]–[55], a plaintiff is only
required to elect between loss of profits and wasted expenditure where the
loss of profits is claimed on a gross basis, ie, without taking into account
the expenditure that would have had to be incurred in order to generate those
‘profits’. Where the loss of profits is claimed on a net basis, and a separate
claim is made for the expenses incurred to enable the plaintiff to earn its
net profits, there is no double-counting. On the contrary, in such a case, a
claim for reliance loss in the form of wasted expenditure is complementary to
the claim for expectation loss in the form of loss of net profits, and not
duplicative.

335 Therefore, where a plaintiff brings a claim for loss of its net profits,
it may also claim the fixed expenses which it would necessarily have incurred
whether or not it was earning revenue (Smile Inc at [58(b)]). For example, in
Smile Inc itself, the plaintiff was permitted to recover both its net profits
(ie, its total revenue less its fixed and variable expenses) and fixed
expenses such as the rent for the premises and the salaries of permanent
staff.

336 I turn now to consider the application of these principles to the facts of
this case.

(2) The parties’ submissions

337 On the one hand, the plaintiff argues that it is entitled to recover the
holding costs as reliance losses caused by the defendant’s delay, in addition
to its expectation losses in the form of the loss of net rental revenue. This
is because its claim is for loss of net rental revenue, and not loss of gross
rental revenue. Therefore, following the principles articulated in Smile Inc,
its claim does not offend the rule against double recovery. 499

##### Foot Note 499

×

Plaintiff’s Opening Statement at paras 41–43.

338 On the other hand, the defendant contends that the plaintiff is not
entitled to recover these holding costs in addition to its loss of net rental
revenue. The plaintiff erred in carving out the holding costs it incurred in
2010 and claiming these costs as reliance losses. Instead, these holding costs
should have been included as part of the cost of sales for the purposes of the
plaintiff’s alleged net rental revenue claim. This is because, in order for
the plaintiff to earn its alleged net rental revenue, it would have had to
incur these holding costs. 500

##### Foot Note 500

×

Defendant’s Opening Statement at para 36.

(3) My findings

339 In my view, the plaintiff is entitled to recover the holding costs it
incurred during the period of delay in addition to its loss of net rental
revenue. The plaintiff’s claim is for net rental revenue and not gross rental
revenue. Indeed, the plaintiff specifically instructed its expert, Mr Toh, to
exclude the holding costs it had incurred in the year ended 31 December 2010
from his computations. 501

##### Foot Note 501

×

ATS-1, p 29 at para 6.52.

As the plaintiff points out, the plaintiff’s claim for loss of net rental
revenue would have been even larger if Mr Toh had included the cost of sales
in 2010. 502

##### Foot Note 502

×

PRS at para 89.

Further, my findings on the plaintiff’s claim for rental revenue (see
[307]–[308] above) are on a net basis, with net revenue margins applied to the
plaintiff’s gross rental revenue under both the single-year model and the
multi-year model to account for the expenses that the plaintiff would have had
to incur in order to earn its gross rental revenue.

340 Therefore, applying the principles set out in Smile Inc, the plaintiff is
not required to elect between claiming for loss of profits (here, its loss of
net rental revenue) and claiming for wasted expenditure (here, the holding
costs). These claims are complementary and not duplicative as they represent
two distinct types of loss suffered by the plaintiff.

Rent-free periods

341 I agree with the defendant that the holding costs awarded to the plaintiff
should be reduced to account for the rent-free fitting-out period. I have
accepted Assoc Prof Yu’s and Assoc Prof Tay’s estimate that the typical rent-
free fitting-out period is three months for the purposes of the single-year
model, which focuses on the year 2010 (see [218] above). Therefore, the
holding costs recoverable by the plaintiff should be pro-rated accordingly.

342 The plaintiff contends that this would be “absurd” because the rent-free
period only affects the plaintiff’s tenancy agreements. 503

##### Foot Note 503

×

PRS at para 94.

However, this misses the point. These holding costs would have been wasted
expenditure incurred by the plaintiff during the rent-free period even if
Biopolis 3 had been completed on time. Hence, this portion of the holding
costs incurred by the plaintiff is not wasted expenditure caused by the delay.

Conclusion on holding costs

343 The holding costs incurred by the plaintiff during the period of delay was
wasted expenditure caused by the delay in the completion of Biopolis 3.
However, the sum of $2,340,102.37 was incurred by the plaintiff from 23
January 2010 to 12 January 2011 (ie, a period of 355 days). As it has been
established in the Liability Judgment (HC) and the Liability Judgment (CA)
that the period of delay was only 334 days, the quantum of holding costs
incurred must be pro-rated to a sum of $2,201,673.78 to reflect the holding
costs incurred during the period of delay. Thereafter, this sum must be
further pro-rated to $1,608,408.39 to account for the typical three-month
rent-free period. This pro-rated sum is derived as follows: assuming that each
of the three rent-free months has 30 days, there would be 90 rent-free days
and 244 rent-paying days out of the 334-day period of delay. When the sum of
$2,201,673.78 is multiplied by 244/334, the pro-rated sum is $1,608,408.39.

344 These holding costs are not too remote as they are direct losses which
flowed naturally from the delay and which fall within the first limb of the
rule in Hadley v Baxendale, having regard to the defendant’s general industry
knowledge. In any event, the holding costs would have been indirect losses
within the second limb of the rule in Hadley v Baxendale given the defendant’s
actual knowledge of the surrounding circumstances.

345 After apportioning these holding costs based on the 161 days of delay
attributable to the defendant, I find that the defendant is liable for a sum
of $775,310.63 in respect of the holding costs incurred by the plaintiff. The
plaintiff is entitled to claim these holding costs in addition to its loss of
net rental revenue as its claim for the latter is made on a net basis, and not
on a gross basis.

Summary on holding costs

346 In summary, I find that the defendant is liable for a sum of $775,310.63
in respect of the holding costs.

Site staff expenses

347 It is undisputed that the plaintiff incurred site staff expenses of
$284,142.14 from 23 January 2010 to 12 January 2011. The plaintiff submits
that the site staff expenses are costs that the plaintiff would not have had
to incur but for the delay. 504

##### Foot Note 504

×

PWS at para 260.

Further, the plaintiff submits that the site staff expenses are not too
remote. At all material times leading up to the signing of the LOI, the
defendant was aware that site staff were required for Biopolis 3 and that the
plaintiff would bear the expenses in relation to engaging such staff until
Biopolis 3 was certified complete. 505

##### Foot Note 505

×

PWS at paras 264–265.

The plaintiff argues that the defendant’s knowledge is imputed as the
defendant did not want to provide such site staff under its contractual scope
of work, which meant that the plaintiff had to bear these expenses. In any
event, the defendant was expressly informed or made aware of these expenses
through discussions with the plaintiff and/or other relevant parties leading
up to the signing of the LOI. 506

##### Foot Note 506

×

PRDC at para 44A.1.1.

In particular, it was made known to the defendant that the plaintiff would
seek to recover the site staff expenses from the defendant in the event of a
delay in completion. 507

##### Foot Note 507

×

Plaintiff’s Opening Statement at para 50(f).

After apportionment based on the 161 days of delay attributable to the
defendant (out of a total of 334 days of delay), the plaintiff claims
$128,864.46 for site staff expenses from the defendant. 508

##### Foot Note 508

×

Transcript (28 June 2021), p 84 at lines 16–17.

348 When the trial for the assessment of damages started, the defendant
contested the liability for the site staff expenses. However, in the
defendant’s closing written submissions, it accepts that it is liable for the
site staff expenses for its 161 days of delay, amounting to $132,157.12. 509

##### Foot Note 509

×

DWS at para 26.

It was baseless for the defendant to have resisted the plaintiff’s claim for
this category of loss. The defendant derived this figure of $132,157.12 based
on the site staff expenses incurred during the specific period from 15 July
2010 to 22 December 2010. This is based on the Defendant’s Secondary Case on
Causation. 510

##### Foot Note 510

×

Transcript (28 June 2021), p 84 at lines 23–27.

349 It is clear that the site staff expenses are wasted expenditure caused
directly by the delay in the completion of Biopolis 3. The plaintiff was
obliged to engage these site staff and pay their salaries until the completion
of Biopolis 3, including during any period of delay.

350 Further, it is also clear that these site staff expenses are not too
remote to be recoverable as they flowed naturally from the delay. I accept the
plaintiff’s argument that it is common knowledge, which must be imputed to the
defendant as an experienced construction company registered with the BCA, that
these site staff expenses would need to be incurred for the duration of the
construction of Biopolis 3, including during the delay in completion. 511

##### Foot Note 511

×

LLCH, p 34 at para 62.

Indeed, the hiring of such site staff is mandated by reg 24(1) of the Building
Control Regulations 2003 (S 666/2003), read with s 10(1)(a) of the Building
Control Act (Cap 29). In these circumstances, the site staff expenses were
within the reasonable contemplation of the defendant. 512

##### Foot Note 512

×

PWS at paras 261–263.

These expenses would have been considered by a reasonable person in the
defendant’s situation at the time of the LOI to be “foreseeable as a not
unlikely consequence that [it] should be liable for” (Out of the Box at
[47(e)]). This is not disputed by the defendant, which acknowledges that the
site staff expenses were direct losses that arose naturally as a result of the
delay. 513

##### Foot Note 513

×

DWS at para 28.

351 For the reasons explained at [77]–[80] above, I reject the Defendant’s
Secondary Case on Causation. The plaintiff’s apportionment of the site staff
expenses is to be preferred. I, therefore, find that the defendant is liable
for $128,864.46 in respect of the site staff expenses incurred by the
plaintiff.

Summary on site staff expenses

352 In summary, I find that the defendant is liable for a sum of $128,864.46
in respect of the site staff expenses.

Conclusion

353 For the above reasons, I award damages to the plaintiff amounting to
$2,693,573.91. I make the following findings:

(a) The defendant is liable for a sum of $1,789,398.82 in respect of the
plaintiff’s loss of net rental revenue.

(b) The defendant is liable for a sum of $775,310.63 in respect of the holding
costs incurred by the plaintiff during the period of delay.

(c) The defendant is liable for a sum of $128,864.46 in respect of the site
staff expenses incurred by the plaintiff during the period of delay.

354 I see no reason to depart from the default interest rate of 5.33% per
annum, which is the rate prescribed by para 77 of the Supreme Court Practice
Directions. Accordingly, I award the plaintiff interest at the rate of 5.33%
per annum on the sum of $2,693,573.91 from the date of the writ (ie, 15 May
2015). I note that the plaintiff claims pre-judgment interest at 5.33% per
annum on any damages awarded in respect of its loss of net rental revenue
commencing on the date Biopolis 3 was certified as completed (ie, 12 January
2011). 514

##### Foot Note 514

×

PRS at para 116.

However, in my view, the relevant date is the date of the writ, and not the
date on which Biopolis 3 was certified as completed. Under para 77(2)(b) of
the Supreme Court Practice Directions, the period of interest commences on the
date of the writ. In my view, there is no reason to depart from this guideline
in the present case.

355 Finally, I thank the court expert and the parties’ expert witnesses for
their invaluable assistance in these proceedings. Not only did they produce
detailed and thoughtful expert reports before the proceedings commenced, they
also prepared supplemental reports and calculations to address further points
raised over the course of the trial, often at relatively short notice. I
record the court’s appreciation of their efforts.

356 On 30 December 2020, as agreed by the parties, the court ordered that the
costs payable by the defendant to the plaintiff will be taxed unless otherwise
agreed. 515

##### Foot Note 515

×

HC/ORC 34/2021 at para 6.

Tan Siong Thye  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Parmar Karam Singh, Leong Lijie and Chan Michael Karfai (Tan Kok Quan
Partnership) for the plaintiff;

Koh Kia Jeng, Lau Wen Jin, Tay Yoong Xin Avril and Alexander Choo Wei Wen
(Dentons Rodyk & Davidson LLP) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 11 Aug 2021 (12:49 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

