Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the Family Justice Courts of the Republic of Singapore

[2021] SGHCF 12

Divorce (Transferred) No 4236 of 2017

Between

|  CLD  
---|---  
  
… Applicant

And

|  CLE  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

GROUNDS OF DECISION

[Family Law] — [Matrimonial assets] — [Operative date for determining the pool
of matrimonial assets]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
CLD

  
v

  

CLE

  

[2021] SGHCF 12

General Division of the High Court (Family Division) — Divorce (Transferred)
No 4236 of 2017  
Kwek Mean Luck JC  
22 March 2021

2 June 2021

Kwek Mean Luck JC:

Introduction

1 The sole issue in this application brought by the applicant (“the Wife”)
against the respondent (“the Husband”) is the operative date for determining
the pool of matrimonial assets as defined in s 112(10)(b) of the Women’s
Charter (Cap 353, 2009 Rev Ed) (“Women’s Charter”).

2 At the hearing before me, the Wife submitted three operative dates for
determining the pool of matrimonial assets:

(a) 31 December 2016 – when they discussed and agreed to proceed to a divorce;
or

(b) 6 March 2017 – when they took off their wedding rings; or

(c) 7 May 2017 – when the wife moved out of the matrimonial home (“Property
1”) to another property purchased by the Wife and held in her sole name
(“Property 2”).

3 I held that the operative date for determining the pool of matrimonial
assets would be the third date proposed by the Wife, that is 7 May 2017, when
the Wife moved out of the matrimonial home, ie Property 1, to Property 2. The
Wife appealed against this decision. The appeal was subsequently withdrawn
after I informed the parties that my Grounds of Decision were ready. As the
Grounds of Decision provide guidance on the issue of the operative date for
determining the pool of matrimonial assets, I have proceeded to provide my
grounds as set out below.

Background facts

4 The undisputed background facts are these. On 7 July 2012, the parties
registered their marriage in Singapore. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

3rd Affidavit of the Plaintiff dated 29 January 2021 (“3rd Affidavit of the
Plaintiff”) at para 5.

They have one son (“the Child”).

5 In November 2016, the Wife prepared a post-nuptial deed (“the Deed”) which
provided that all assets acquired in the parties’ sole names, whether prior to
or during the marriage, shall remain in the parties’ respective absolute
beneficial ownership, regardless of whether such asset is the matrimonial
home, and/or has been used by the parties or substantially improved during the
marriage. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

3rd Affidavit of the Plaintiff at para 17; Plaintiff’s Affidavit of Assets and
Means (“Plaintiff’s AOM”) at pp 66–70.

Sometime around 11 December 2016, the Husband counter-proposed that the Deed
include a stipulation that the Wife was not entitled to claim any maintenance
from the Husband and indicated to the Wife that he would sign the Deed on that
basis. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

3rd Affidavit of Plaintiff at para 18.

However, the Deed was not signed by either party. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

NE dated 22 March 2021, page 1 line 36; Defendant’s AEIC (“DAEIC”) at para
36(qq).

6 On 7 May 2017, the Wife and the Child moved out of Property 1 to Property 2.
On 11 September 2017, the Wife commenced divorce proceedings against the
Husband. The divorce papers were served on the Husband on 17 January 2019.
Interim Judgment was granted on 14 February 2020. The ancillary matters
relating to custody, care and control, maintenance and division of assets
remain pending before the court.

7 On 2 October 2020, the parties filed their respective Affidavit of Assets
and Means (“AOM”). The Wife took the position that the operative date for the
purposes of her AOM is 31 December 2016. As the Husband disputed this, the
parties were directed at a Family Court Case Conference to make an application
to the High Court for determination of the operative date for determining the
pool of matrimonial assets.

The parties’ cases

Wife’s case

8 The Wife proposed three operative dates for determining the pool of
matrimonial assets.

9 The first date proposed by the Wife is 31 December 2016. It was submitted
that by this date, all three indicia in ARY v ARX [2016] 2 SLR 686 (“ARY v
ARX”) were present and the marriage had effectively come to an end: 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions (“PWS”) at para 29.

(a) There was no longer a matrimonial home in respect of the first indicium of
ARY v ARX, as the Wife was making plans to move out of Property 1 and the
Husband and Wife would live separately from each other. During oral
submissions, counsel for the Wife submitted that there was a clear probability
that they would have to move out as Property 1 was leased and paid for by the
Husband’s employer. Because of his resignation, they were likely to move out.
Hence, in effect, there would be no matrimonial home at that point in time.

(b) There was no consortium vitae. After 31 December 2016, the Husband and the
Wife had minimal contact with each other, and no longer shared any of their
personal or professional lives with each other. They slept separately, and the
Wife was no longer privy to the Husband’s life and vice versa. The Husband and
the Wife ceased to play any role in each other’s lives. They no longer spent
any time together as a family and any time spent with the Child was done
separately by the Husband or the Wife. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

PWS at para 40.

By December 2016, the Husband and Wife had agreed not to make any claim on
each other’s assets through a verbal agreement. While the Deed was not signed,
the Husband said that he would sign the deed on 11 December 2016, to which the
Wife replied, “Just saw this. Thanks”. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Plaintiff’s AOM at p 83.

The Wife submitted that as was held by the Court of Appeal in AUA v ATZ [2016]
4 SLR 674, such an agreement would carry significant weight, and should
generally be given effect to. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

PWS at para 34.

(c) Third, there was no conjugal relationship between the Husband and the Wife
in 2016, and after 31 December 2016. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

PWS at para 41.

(d) There was no intention to jointly accumulate assets, since the Husband
ceased to be employed from December 2016. The Husband had limited income
thereafter. As such, he was only depleting the matrimonial assets. The Wife
submitted that the Husband spent around $736,000 on rental from January 2017
to October 2020. The Wife submitted that this is a factor to be taken into
account in determining the operative date for the pool of matrimonial assets.

10 The second date proposed by the Wife is 6 March 2017, when the parties took
off their wedding rings, in addition to the presence of the three indicia of
termination in ARY v ARX. I note that while the Wife’s Written Submissions did
not crystallise a date in March 2017, her counsel started her oral submissions
by providing the date of 6 March 2017, when the parties took off their wedding
bands, as one of the three dates proposed by the Wife.

(a) By 6 March 2017, the parties took off their wedding rings. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

PWS at paras 43–45.

(b) It was also during this period in March 2017 that the Husband and the Wife
agreed that the Wife would move out of Property 1 with the Child to Property
2. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

PWS at para 45.

11 The third date proposed by the Wife is 7 May 2017, when the Wife moved out
of Property 1 to Property 2 with the Child.

(a) From that date, the parties have been living separately. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

PWS at para 53.

(b) There was no involvement and/or provision from the Husband towards the
Wife and the Child. Time spent with the Child was done separately by the
Husband or the Wife. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

PWS at para 53.

12 The Wife further submitted that it would be extremely unfair for the date
of Interim Judgment to be adopted as the operative date for determining the
pool of matrimonial assets for the following reasons.

(a) Wife’s assets: The Husband resigned from his job in December 2016 and did
not work since then. He made no contribution to the Wife and Child after 31
December 2016. The Wife has continued to work. The Wife submitted that it was
unfair for the Husband to claim from the matrimonial asset pool since end
December 2016 when the Husband had made no contribution, except for a total of
$54,152.50 towards the Child’s expenses from 2016 to date. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

PWS at para 56.

(b) Delay by the Husband: the divorce proceedings were formally commenced by
the Wife on 11 September 2017, but the Interim Judgment was granted only over
two years later on 14 February 2020 due to the Husband’s failures to meet
court deadlines, as well as ongoing settlement discussions. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

PWS at para 58.

(c) Property 2: The Wife submitted specifically that in respect of Property 2,
this was purchased in her sole name, using the proceeds of sale from her
previous property (“Property 3”), together with a loan from the Wife’s eldest
sister, and a mortgage from a bank. She submitted that the Husband had
disowned his interest in Property 2and referred to an e-mail sent by the Wife
to the Husband’s mother. In the e-mail, according to the Wife, the Husband
said to her that he should not be expected to be sharing equally in
contributing to the purchase of Property 2, and he could not be expected to
work forever. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Plaintiff’s Outline of Key Events dated 22 March 2021, item no. 3, referring
to Plaintiff’s AOM at pp 58–59.

The Wife submitted that the Husband did not contribute to the purchase of
Property 2, whether financially or non-financially. The Husband has not made
any contribution to Property 2 in terms of mortgage payments, renovations,
improvements or any other expenses. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

PWS at para 50.

Husband’s case

13 The Husband submitted that the default position of the date of Interim
Judgment should be applied to ascertain the pool of matrimonial assets and
that the Wife had provided no cogent reason why the default position should
not apply. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions (“DWS”) at para 13.

14 The Husband submitted that there was no common understanding that the
marriage had effectively come to an end by late December 2016. They were still
residing together as a married couple and were still communicating with each
other regularly as evidenced by the text messages between them from 4 October
2016 to 21 April 2017. The sheer volume of messages exchanged during this
period showed his affection and support for the Wife. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

DAEIC at paras 18, 26–29.

In particular, there were some affectionate messages exchanged between the
Wife and the Husband around 10 February 2017 and 7 to 8 March 2017. While
there were arguments, it did not mean that the marriage had broken down.

15 The Husband stated in his affidavit that he did not remove his wedding ring
from March 2017. He removed it for one night in March 2017 but put it back the
following day. He finally removed it in April 2017 following a confrontation
with the Wife. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

DAEIC at para 36(rr).

16 In respect of the Wife’s allegations that the Husband had not made any
contributions towards the purchase of Property 2, the Husband submitted that
they were not relevant to the issue of the operative date for determining
matrimonial assets. It would be more relevant to the issue of division of
matrimonial assets. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

DWS at para 14.

The Husband nevertheless submitted that:

(a) Property 2 was paid for using the sale of the Property 3, which was also a
matrimonial asset, as the Wife was still paying for the mortgage of that
property during the marriage and was also receiving rental from that property.
22

##### Foot Note 22

×

DWS at para 16.

(b) The Wife had admitted that they had discussed in February 2017, the
Husband moving into Property 2. The Husband stated in his affidavit that
whether he would do so was partly dependent on whether he would be able to
terminate his lease of Property 1 early. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

DAEIC para 34.

The Husband submits that their discussion about him moving into Property 2
belies the Wife’s position that Property 2 is not a matrimonial asset.

My decision

Applicable law

17 At the hearing of this application, the relevant statutory provision and
main case authorities were common ground among the parties.

18 Section 112(10)(b) of the Women’s Charter defines matrimonial assets to
include “any other asset of any nature acquired during the marriage by one
party or both parties to the marriage”.

19 The meaning of s 112(10)(b) of the Women’s Charter in the context of
ascertaining the operative date for determining the pool of matrimonial assets
was considered by the Court of Appeal in ARY v ARX. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

PBOA at Tab 4.

There, the Court of Appeal held that there were four possible dates: (a) the
date of separation; (b) the date the writ of divorce was filed; (c) the date
of interim judgment; and (d) the date of the ancillary matters hearing. The
starting point or default position should be the date of interim judgment,
unless the particular circumstances of justice of the case warrant it. The
justification is that the interim judgment “puts an end to the marriage
contract and indicates that the parties no longer intend to participate in the
joint accumulation of matrimonial assets …” (ARY v ARX at [32], citing AJR v
AJS [2010] 4 SLR 617 (“AJR”) at [4]). The grant of interim judgment is a
recognition by the court that there is “no longer any matrimonial home, no
consortium vitae and no right on either side to conjugal rights” (Sivakolunthu
Kumarasamy v Shanmugam Nagaiah [1987] SLR(R) 702 at [25]). Applying this date
also brings certainty for parties to arrange their financial affairs. Further,
where such factors are present, it would be “artificial to speak of any asset
acquired after the interim judgment has been granted as being a matrimonial
asset” [emphasis in original] (ARY v ARX at [32]).

20 As held in ARY v ARX at [35]–[36], this approach preserves the court’s
flexibility to ensure that justice is done in every case. The court may depart
from this default position where there are cogent reasons to do so. This
includes situations where, for example, a party incurs a large amount of
expenditure from having “indulged in certain vices” such that the matrimonial
assets have been “unfairly or unjustly depleted by the unacceptable actions of
that party” (ARY v ARX at [35], citing AJR at [6]).

21 Adopting a starting point in respect of the operative date ensures that the
inquiry as a whole is systematic. This is because as observed by the Court of
Appeal in ARY v ARX at [36], the court has discretion at multiple levels, not
just in selecting the date of determining the pool of matrimonial assets, but
also in selecting the date of valuation of such assets and how those assets
should be divided. The court also has the discretion to exclude specific
property from the pool of matrimonial assets. This can be seen in Ong Boon
Huat Samuel v Chan Mei Lan Kristine [2007] 2 SLR(R) 729 (“Ong Boon Huat”),
which was cited by counsel for the Wife. There, the Court of Appeal excluded
an apartment acquired by the husband in his sole name during the marriage from
the pool of matrimonial assets, such that the wife would have “no share in its
profits”, as she had claimed that “she has nothing to do with the liabilities
associated with [the property]” (at [23]). Prakash JA (as she then was), in
delivering the decision of the Court of Appeal, held at [25]–[26] that while
it may be that a property was acquired during the marriage, and therefore
technically falls under the definition of a matrimonial asset contained in s
112(10)(b) of the Women’s Charter, the court’s power to divide any matrimonial
asset is a discretionary power. This is obvious from ss 112(1) and 112(2) of
the Women’s Charter. It is thus not mandatory for the court to exercise its
powers of division under s 112 of the Women’s Charter and the court may
generally decline to do so where a valid reason is given.

22 The Wife’s concerns on the Husband’s lack of contributions to Property 2
and the unfairness of him having a share in it, are therefore not directly
relevant to the issue that was brought before me, which is the determination
of the operative date for ascertaining the pool of matrimonial assets. The
Wife’s concerns about Property 2 are more properly dealt with at the later
stage of division of matrimonial assets, where consideration can be made on
whether a specific property is to be excluded from the pool of matrimonial
assets, taking into account factors such as the relative contributions of
parties to that specific property. Ong Boon Huat is illustrative of such an
assessment at the later stage of division of matrimonial assets, and is hence
not directly relevant to the inquiry here on the operative date for
ascertaining the pool of matrimonial assets.

23 For the determination of the operative date for ascertaining the pool of
matrimonial assets, however, the crux of assessment is when the marriage can
be treated as “practically at an end”: ARY v ARX at [34], citing Debbie Ong,
“Family Law” (2011) 12 SAL Ann Rev 298 at para 15.23. On this, counsel for
both parties agreed that the three indicia of ARY v ARX – that there is no
longer any matrimonial home, no consortium vitae and no right on either side
to conjugal rights – are relevant to such an assessment.

First date – 31 December 2016

24 Taking into consideration the three indicia of ARY v ARX, I found no basis
for holding that the operative date is the first date proposed by the Wife,
that is 31 December 2016.

25 It was disputed by the Husband that there was no matrimonial home after 31
December 2016. The evidence bears him out. There was still a matrimonial home
after 31 December 2016:

(a) The Husband and Wife were still staying at the matrimonial home at
Property 1 after 31 December 2016, up to 7 May 2017, when the Wife moved into
Property 2.

(b) The Wife admitted that she and the Husband had discussed in February 2017,
about the Husband moving into Property 2. At that point of time, there was
still discussion of them living together in Property 2. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

PWS at para 50; DAEIC at para 34 and p 110.

26 The cases of UWL v UWM (“UWL v UWM”) [2019] SGHCF 17 and BRL v BRM (Civil
Appeal No 77 of 2018) (“BRL v BRM”) (referred to in UWL v UWM) which the Wife
cited, are therefore not relevant, as they are based on crucially different
facts. In both cases, the husband and wife were clearly no longer living
together in the matrimonial home, but were living separately at the relevant
point of time.

(a) In UWL v UWM, the husband left the matrimonial home on 20 March 2013 and
the parties were living separately since 21 March 2013. The court found that
the operative date for determining the pool of matrimonial assets should be
the date of separation (21 March 2013), as the wife moved to China shortly
after the husband moved out of the matrimonial home, and spent most of her
time there.

(b) In BRL v BRM, the wife moved to China on 1 March 2014 with their daughter,
leaving the husband behind. She informed the husband in April 2014 that she
and their daughter would not be returning to Singapore. The Court of Appeal
excluded from the pool of assets a landed property in China acquired by the
wife in December 2014, several months after she had left Singapore for China.

27 The other set of cases relied on by the Wife, Wong Kien Keong v Khoo Hong
Eng [2014] 1 SLR 1342 (“Wong Kien Keong”) and AUA v ATZ [2016] 4 SLR 674 (“AUA
v ATZ”), also do not assist her as they are also based on crucially different
set of facts. In both cases there was an actual deed of separation that was
signed by both parties, which was relied on by the court to fix the operative
date as the date of the deed of separation.

(a) In Wong Kien Keong, the court observed at [13] that where parties have
agreed to comprehensively and conclusively organise their financial
arrangements after or in contemplation of their separation, there would be no
good reason why such an agreement should not be given full weight. The
circumstances in which the deed was made was also crucial. The deed was signed
after the wife had moved out of the matrimonial home to live in another
apartment. The court thus cited as useful the observations made in Wong Kam
Fong Anne v Ang Ann Liang [1992] 3 SLR(R) 902, that where the deed in question
was made at a time when the parties had already been separated, and divorce
was viewed as a real possibility, the onus is on the husband to justify why
the court should disregard parties’ express intentions.

(b) In AUA v ATZ, the court examined the deed in question and found at [26]
that it was clear that the parties’ marital relationship came to an end with
the conclusion of the deed and the parties recognised it as such.

28 In contrast, there was no signed deed of separation here. There was no
conclusive agreement which clearly showed that the parties’ marital
relationship had come to an end or that the parties had recognised any
agreement as such.

29 The Wife prepared the Deed and sent it to the Husband. He counter-proposed
to the Wife with an amended Deed that included a stipulation that the Wife was
not entitled to claim any maintenance from the Husband, and that on that
basis, he would agree to sign the Deed. It is clear, from such exchange, that
both parties did not agree on the terms and did not sign the Deed.

30 The Wife sought to rely alternatively on a verbal agreement between the
parties even though the Deed was not signed. But even the Wife’s reply to the
Husband’s counterproposal, set out at [9(b)] above, is equivocal. Moreover, as
pointed out by the Husband, one of the terms that the Husband wanted was that
the Wife would not claim maintenance, but she was now claiming for
maintenance. This showed that there was no agreement between them. In light of
where this was left hanging, it could not be said that there is evidence of a
verbal agreement.

31 In any case, the circumstances following the Husband and Wife’s discussion
about the Deed did not show that the parties’ relationship had clearly come to
an end. There were affectionate messages exchanged between the Husband and
Wife in February and March 2017. There were exchanges of love between Husband
and Wife in the messages of 10 February 2017, 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

DAEIC at p 113.

show of affection in the messages of 1 March 2017 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

DAEIC at p 134.

and show of affection in the messages of 7 and 8 March 2017. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

DAEIC at pp 137–138.

The Wife submitted that while there were some exchange of messages which were
cordial and showed some affection at times after 31 December 2016, this was
against the background that parties had already agreed to divorce and that
these messages had to be considered against the context of other more terse
and accusatory messages. However, the fact that both Husband and Wife were
still at times loving and affectionate with each other in their messages, as
of February and March 2017, while they were still residing together in the
matrimonial home, renders it difficult to conclude that the marital
relationship had come to an end by then.

32 During oral submissions, counsel for the Wife also relied on ARY v ARX to
submit that there was unreasonable or unfair depletion of matrimonial assets,
as the Husband continued staying at Property 1 from January 2017 to October
2020, paying a monthly rental of $16,000 amounting to a total sum of $736,000,
when he did not have any income during this period. While the court did
recognise in ARY v ARX at [35] that a large amount of expenditure by a party
to “indulg(e) in certain vices” could provide cogent reasons to depart from
the usual starting point, it cannot be said that the expenditure of moneys by
the Husband on the rent of Property 1 while the whole family was living there
(up to May 2017) is an indulgence in a vice, or an unfair or unjust depletion
of matrimonial assets.

33 Counsel for the Wife further submitted that the Husband had disowned his
interest in Property 2 and thus there was no intention to jointly accumulate
assets. It may be the case that the Husband did not want to share in the
purchase of Property 2. However, the crux of the inquiry before me is whether
the marriage had practically come to an end, taking into consideration the
three indicia in ARY v ARX. The Husband’s lack of intention to contribute to
the purchase of Property 2, on its own, bearing in mind that there were other
household expenses such as the rental of Property 1, does not clearly indicate
that parties lacked the intention to jointly accumulate assets. Neither does
it show that parties intended to have a clean break such that the marriage had
come to an end.

Second date – 6 March 2017

34 I also found no basis for holding that the operative date for ascertaining
the pool of matrimonial assets to be 6 March 2017, which was the Wife’s second
date.

35 This was the date around which the parties were alleged to have taken off
their wedding rings. Whether such actions demonstrate that the marriage has
practically come to an end must necessarily be contextual, taking into account
the nature of the relationship at that point of time. In any event, it is the
Husband’s evidence that he did not remove his wedding ring from March 2017. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

DAEIC at para 36(rr).

He removed it for one night in March but put it back the following day. He
finally removed it in April 2017 following a confrontation with the Wife.

36 The Wife also submitted that March 2017 should be the operative date as it
was during this period that the Husband and Wife made arrangements to
physically live separately from each other. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

PWS at para 46.

37 However, it is not clear on the evidence, taken together as a whole, that
the three indicia of ARY v ARX were satisfied and that the marriage had
practically come to an end by 6 March 2017:

(a) It is undisputed that both Husband and Wife continued to live with each
other during March 2017, until the Wife moved out on 7 May 2017.

(b) There were discussions of Husband and Wife living together in Property 2
after they move out of the matrimonial home, as late as February 2017: see
[25] above.

(c) There were also affectionate messages that continued to be exchanged
between the Husband and Wife, on 10 February 2017, 1 March 2017, and 7–8 March
2017 (which is after the second proposed date of 6 March 2017): see [31]
above.

38 Thus, on the evidence, there was no clear indication that the marriage had
practically come to an end as of 6 March 2017. Neither did the authorities
relied on by the Wife support the view that their making plans to live
separately (as compared to actually living separately) sufficed in meeting the
criteria in ARY v ARX that there is no longer a matrimonial home.

(a) In AUA v ATZ, a deed of separation was entered into between the parties.
The Court of Appeal found at [26] that the parties’ marital relationship came
to a close with the conclusion of the deed of separation and that the parties
also recognised it as such. There was no longer a matrimonial home, as the
wife was to move out of the matrimonial home as per the deed of separation
signed by parties. Both would stay in separate apartments from then on.

(b) In Wong Kien Keong, the Wife moved out of the matrimonial home on 12 March
2003 and a deed of separation was signed on 28 March 2003. The court found at
[101] that the date of the signing of the deed of separation was the operative
date for determining what fell within the pool of matrimonial assets. There
was clearly no matrimonial home at that point in time, as the wife had moved
out of the matrimonial home to live in a different apartment, before the
signing of the deed of separation.

Third date – 7 May 2017

39 I found that by the third date proposed by the Wife, 7 May 2017, it was
clear that there was no matrimonial home. That was the date that the Wife and
Child moved out of Property 1 into Property 2. Counsel for the Husband also
acknowledged that there was no matrimonial home then and that on that basis,
the three indicia of ARY v ARX were fulfilled.

40 In addition, the evidence is that from that date, the Husband and Wife were
living separately. The Husband and Wife did not spend time together as a
family with the Child but did so on their own, and the Husband and Wife no
longer intended to participate in the joint accumulation of matrimonial
assets. I accept that them taking care of the Child thereafter was done qua
mother or father, instead of being qua spouse: AUA v ATZ at [27]. I therefore
departed from the default position of the date of interim judgment and held
that the operative date for determining the pool of matrimonial assets would
be their date of separation, that is 7 May 2017, when the Wife moved out of
their matrimonial home (ie, Property 1).

Conclusion

41 In conclusion, it is clear on the evidence that it was only by 7 May 2017
that there was no longer a matrimonial home for the Husband and Wife, as that
was when the Wife moved out of Property 1 to Property 2.

42 I awarded costs to the Wife at $4,000 inclusive of disbursements.

Kwek Mean Luck  
Judicial Commissioner|  
---|---  
  
Sim Bock Eng, Chan Yu Xin (WongPartnership LLP) for the applicant;

Sudhershen Hariram (Tan Rajah & Cheah) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 02 Jun 2021 (11:12 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

