Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC 266

Suit No 814 of 2018

Between

| Tan Kian Seng  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| Venture Corporation Limited  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

judgment

[Contract] — [Contractual terms] — [Breach] — [Damages]

[Contract] — [Mistake]

[Misrepresentation] — [Fraudulent] — [Remedies]

[Misrepresentation] — [Negligent]

[Employment Law] — [Contract of service] — [Breach]

[Restitution] — [Unjust enrichment]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Tan Kian Seng

  
v

  

Venture Corporation Limited

[2021] SGHC 266

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 814 of 2018  
Audrey Lim J  
10–12 March, 18–21, 24, 28 May, 27 September, 26 October 2021

25 November 2021 Judgment reserved

Audrey Lim J:

1 The plaintiff (“Tan”) commenced this Suit (“the Suit”) against the defendant
(“Venture”), a public listed company, for breach of his employment contract
pertaining to share benefits which he claims he is entitled to; alternatively,
there were representations made by Venture to that effect. Venture denies
Tan’s claims, and counterclaims essentially that Tan had defrauded it by
making false representations to induce it to issue shares to Tan.

Background

2 Tan was employed by Venture since April 2001 and was its President
(“President”) from 16 August 2011 to 31 January 2016. He became Advisor to the
Chief Executive Officer (“Advisor”) for a three-year period from 1 February
2016, but he ended his employment with Venture on 31 January 2017.

3 Tan was eligible to participate in Venture’s share benefit schemes,
particularly the Executives’ Share Option Scheme (“ESOS”) and the Restricted
Share Plan (“RSP”) (collectively the “Share Schemes”), which are governed by
the ESOS Rules and RSP Rules respectively. Although there are two versions of
the ESOS Rules (2004 and 2015), parties agree that there is no material
difference between them for the purposes of the Suit, and I will thus refer to
the 2004 version. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

1AB 72–88; 138–159, 235–252; 12/3/21 NE 24.

A Remuneration Committee (“RC”) comprising Venture’s directors administers the
Share Schemes.

4 Under the ESOS, the RC may grant to an employee (“the grantee”) an option,
ie, the right to subscribe to shares granted to the employee pursuant to the
ESOS (“share option”). The grantee who wishes to subscribe to the shares must
accept the option within the stipulated time and exercise the option by
submitting a Form of Exercise of Option (“Option Form”). Any unexercised
option would lapse upon certain events under rules 7.2 and 7.3 of the ESOS
Rules, but the RC may, pursuant to rule 7.3, determine that an option does not
lapse upon those events. Under the RSP, the RC may grant an award of shares to
a grantee (“share award”) which will only be released to him after the vesting
period. To the extent that the share award is not yet released, it will lapse
upon certain events under rule 6.2 or 6.3 of the RSP Rules, subject to the RC
making a determination otherwise. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

10/3/21 NE 80–81; 12/3/21 NE 89–93 19/5/21 NE 54–55.

I will refer to the share options and share awards collectively as “share
benefits”.

5 Before Tan stepped down as President, he was given the following share
options (“Share Options”) and share awards (“Share Awards”) (collectively,
“Share Benefits”):

Grant No.| Share Options Grant Date| No. of Options| Expiry Date of Share
Options  
---|---|---|---  
8| 14 September 2012| 50,000| 13 September 2017  
9| 16 September 2013| 60,000| 15 September 2018  
10| 3 April 2014| 60,000| 2 April 2019  
G1| 16 June 2015| 60,000| 15 June 2020  
  
Grant | Share Awards Grant Date| No. of Shares| Release Schedule  
---|---|---|---  
RSP| 18 May 2012| 30,000| 18 May 2017  
RSP| 15 May 2013| 20,000| 15 May 2018  
RSP| 26 May 2014| 20,000| 26 May 2019  
RSP| 5 June 2015| 20,000| 5 June 2020  
  
6 Tan claims that he retired and ceased to be employed by Venture when he
stepped down as President and was then re-employed as Advisor. Upon cessation
of his employment in January 2016, the Share Benefits lapsed by virtue of rule
7.2(b) of ESOS Rules and rule 6.2(b) of RSP Rules; however the terms of his
re-employment as Advisor contained in a document (“SB Letter”), which Tan
claims supplements his contract as Advisor (“Advisor Contract”), provided for
the restoration of his Share Benefits. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

10/3/21 NE 112; 12/3/21 NE 69–71; 20/5/21 NE 1–2.

Venture claims Tan did not retire or cease employment when he ceased to be
President but continued in Venture’s employ in the role of Advisor, and the
Share Benefits continued to accrue to him. Venture also disputes that Tan can
rely on the SB Letter. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

10/3/21 NE 69, 71–72, 99; 12/3/21 NE 68; 18/5/21 NE 16–17, 25, 27, 30, 37;
19/5/21 NE 56, 58–59; Defence & Counterclaim (Amendment No. 1) (“Defence”) at
[11(j)].

7 On 20 January 2016, Wong Ngit Liong (“Wong”), Venture’s Chairman and Chief
Executive Officer (“CEO”), handed Tan the Advisor Contract dated 20 January
2016 signed by Wong. Tan claims that at the same time he was handed the SB
Letter dated 20 January 2016 and which was signed by Sita Lim (“Sita”), the
head (or “CHRO”) of the human resource department (“HR”). Venture claims that
the SB Letter only came into existence in February 2016.

8 The Advisor Contract states as follows: 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

2AB 636–638.

This is to confirm your retirement from the post of President of [Venture] as
of 31 January 2016.

As discussed, you are eligible and wish for re-employment after your said
retirement.

…

Based on our several discussions, I would like to appoint you as Advisor to
the CEO … This appointment is for a period of 3 years (with effect from 1 Feb
2016) …

The Advisor Contract further states that the terms and conditions are set out
in an Addendum attached to it (“the Addendum”). The Addendum states that Tan
“continue[s] to be eligible” to “share benefits” and is “[e]ligible to
participate in … the [ESOS], subject to the terms and conditions of the …
Scheme.”

9 The SB Letter states as follows: 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

2AB 639–640.

We refer to the share options which have been granted to you under the [ESOS
and RSP].

We further refer to our discussions about your retirement from employment with
[Venture] on 31 January 2016 and re-employment from 1 February 2016.

The terms of the [ESOS] provide that unexercised share options shall lapse
upon the retirement of the employee. Similarly, under the terms of the RSP,
the Awards which have yet to vest and be settled, shall also lapse upon the
employee’s retirement.

The [RC] administering the [ESOS and RSP] may however determine otherwise and
has assented to (i) permitting the share options granted to be exercised by
you with the respective Exercise Periods (as defined in the terms of the
[ESOS]); and (ii) the Awards vesting and being settled according to the
Release Schedule (as defined in the terms of the [RSP]). This is however
subject to your entering into the [Advisor Contract] dated 20 January 2016
offered to you and this letter is supplemental to the terms of the [Advisor
Contract]. This determination shall prevail even upon the cessation of the Re-
employment contract except in the event of dismissal for misconduct. The
unexercised share options granted and Awards made to you are attached as
Appendix A.

…

[emphasis in original in bold; emphasis added in bold italics]

The SB Letter sets out the Share Benefits (as per the tables at [5] above). I
will refer to the paragraph on the RC’s determination as “Para 4 of the SB
Letter”, the sentence in bold in that paragraph as the “Clause in the SB
Letter”, and the RC’s determination in that Clause as the “Purported
Determination”.

10 On 1 August 2016, Tan tendered his resignation (“Resignation Notice”) as
Advisor and left Venture on 31 January 2017. It is undisputed that this was a
termination by him of his employment and not a “retirement”. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

10/3/21 NE 164–165.

Tan then exercised the Share Option under Grant 8 for 50,000 shares in two
tranches of 25,000 shares each around 28 September 2016 and 9 January 2017,
and received the shares around 6 October 2016 and 16 January 2017
respectively. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 1) (“SOC”) at [19]; Tan’s AEIC at [57],
[95]–[98]; Rosalind Lee’s AEIC at [26] and [32]; Table on ESOS Share Options
and RSP Awards dated 24 May 2021 (“ESOS and RSP Table”); 10/3/21 NE 116;
12/3/21 NE 3–4; 2AB 772–774, 779–781.

On 23 January 2017, Tan was informed that the RC had decided not to allow him
to retain the Share Benefits. Nevertheless, on 28 March 2017, Tan proceeded to
exercise the Share Option for 25,000 of the 60,000 shares under Grant 9 but
this was rejected by Venture. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

SOC at [20]; Tan’s AEIC at [61]–[62]; ESOS and RSP Table.

Tan then commenced the Suit to claim the remaining Share Benefits.

Plaintiff’s case

11 Tan attested as follows. As President of Venture, Tan had oversight of all
units/departments including HR, finance, legal (“Legal”) and corporate
secretarial. He reported to Wong. One Angeline Khoo (“Angeline”) was head of
Legal. Whilst Sita and Angeline officially reported to Tan as President, they
principally took instructions from Wong; in particular, the CHRO reported
directly to Wong regarding share benefits. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Tan’s AEIC at [19]–[20].

12 In September 2015, Wong and Tan discussed Tan’s re-employment as Advisor
after his retirement. Wong assured Tan that his current terms of employment
including his share benefits would not change and told Tan to speak to Sita
about the share benefits. Tan then informed Sita that Wong had said that he
could retain his share benefits upon his retirement and re-employment. Sita
said that he would speak to Angeline on how to effect this. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Tan’s AEIC at [47]–[48].

13 On 20 January 2016, Tan met Wong and Sita at Venture’s conference room
(“20/1/16 Meeting”). Tan was handed both the Advisor Contract and SB Letter as
comprising his re-employment terms. Tan signed the Advisor Contract and
returned it to Wong on 21 January 2016. He only signed the SB Letter in
duplicate, and handed a copy to Sita, on 15 February 2016. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Tan’s AEIC at [53], [56].

14 After Tan exercised the Share Option under Grant 8 and received 50,000
shares, Sita informed him on 23 January 2017 that his share entitlement had
been discussed at an RC meeting and the RC was not in favour of allowing him
to exercise the remaining Share Options or retain his entitlement to the
unreleased Share Awards. Tan was upset as it contradicted the SB Letter. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Tan’s AEIC at [61].

When Tan attempted to exercise his Share Option under Grant 9 for 25,000
shares, Sita informed him that Venture would reject this exercise and asked
him to appeal to Wong. On 6 April 2017, Tan wrote to Sita for the 25,000
shares to be issued to him and refuted the need to appeal as the RC had agreed
to allow him to exercise the Share Options as per the SB Letter (“Tan’s 6/4/17
Letter”). 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Tan’s AEIC at [62]–[63] and pp 675–677.

15 Tan then met Wong and Koh Lee Boon (“Koh”) on 24 May 2017 (“24/5/17
Meeting”). Koh is the RC Chairman and an independent non-executive director of
Venture. Tan informed them that he had acted based on the SB Letter. Wong and
Koh said that they would discuss the matter and give him a reply. On 24 July
2017, Koh emailed Tan to state that at the 24/5/17 Meeting, he and Wong had
concluded that Venture had no authority to vary the ESOS and RSP Rules, hence,
it was unable to consider an appeal on Tan’s part that would breach the Rules
(“Koh’s 24/7/17 Email”). Koh stated that Venture was prepared to receive a
proposal from Tan that would not breach the Rules. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Tan’s AEIC at [72] and p 733.

On 18 August 2017, Tan emailed Koh to ask that his case be reconsidered
(“Tan’s 18/8/17 Email”). On 8 September 2017, Wong emailed Tan to repeat
Venture’s earlier position and that it was unable to consider his appeal as
that would result in a breach of the ESOS and RSP Rules. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Tan’s AEIC at [72], [74]–[75] and pp 734–735.

16 Tan’s lawyers (“TRC”) then issued a letter of demand on 5 March 2018 to
Venture (“Demand Letter”). On 13 April 2018, Venture’s then lawyers (“WongP”)
replied to say that: (a) Tan received the SB Letter on 15 February 2016 and
that it was falsely backdated to 20 January 2016; (b) the remaining Share
Benefits lapsed when Tan tendered the Resignation Notice; (c) the RC had not
made the Purported Determination; and (d) Tan had exercised the Share Option
under Grant 8 by falsely representing to Venture that it had not lapsed. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Tan’s AEIC at [77]–[78]; 3AB 829–833; 851–853.

Defendant’s case

17 Venture’s factual witnesses were Wong, Koh, Sita and Rosalind Lee who is
the manager of HR (“Rosalind”). I will deal with Rosalind’s testimony in my
findings and set out the testimony of the other witnesses here.

Testimony of Wong and Koh

18 Tan, as President of Venture, reported to Wong who is the Chairman of
Venture’s board of directors and its CEO.

19 Wong attested that around end 2015, he offered to re-employ Tan as Advisor.
At the 20/1/16 Meeting, Wong handed Tan the Advisor Contact to define Tan’s
role as Advisor and which included the terms and conditions of his continued
employment. Tan accepted the offer by signing the Advisor Contract in Wong’s
presence on 21 January 2016 and returning it to Wong. Tan’s re-employment
terms as Advisor were contained in the Advisor Contract. At that time, the SB
Letter did not exist and Tan did not mention it. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Wong’s AEIC at [85]–[86], [88], [97], [110]–[113].

20 On 23 February 2016, the RC met and Koh, Wong and Angeline (who was also
the company secretary) were present (“23/2/16 RC Meeting”). Koh attested that
the RC was updated on employees (including Tan) who had reached retirement age
but continued in Venture’s employ and who would be permitted to enjoy their
share benefits. That Tan continued to be entitled to his Share Benefits was
reflected in the Advisor Contract. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Koh’s AEIC at [22]–[25].

21 Wong stated that when Tan tendered the Resignation Notice, his Share
Benefits lapsed immediately under the ESOS and RSP Rules. On 23 January 2017,
the RC deliberated on Tan’s entitlement to his Share Benefits (“23/1/17 RC
Meeting”) and decided that share benefits granted to an employee would lapse
on the date of his resignation notice. Koh stated that the RC did not exercise
its discretion to make an exception in Tan’s case. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Wong’s AEIC at [98]–[99]; Koh’s AEIC at [33]–[35].

The RC and Venture had no power to determine that Tan could continue to be
entitled to his Share Benefits even if he resigned, by virtue of rule 7.2(b)
of the ESOS Rules and rule 6.2(b) of the RSP Rules. The ESOS and RSP Rules
also provide that the Rules and the ESOS and RSP terms cannot be altered to a
participant’s advantage except with shareholders’ prior approval. Hence, Tan
would have known that his Share Benefits lapsed when he tendered the
Resignation Notice. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Koh’s AEIC at [26]–[32] and [57].

22 Wong stated that after that meeting, Sita told Wong that he had informed
Tan of the RC’s decision. Hence, Tan would have known then that the RC had
regarded all his Share Benefits as lapsed at the date of the Resignation
Notice. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Wong’s AEIC at [100]–[102].

23 Wong first found out about the SB Letter on 6 April 2017, when Sita handed
him a note to explain Tan’s attempt to exercise his share options (“Sita’s
Note”). Sita’s Note attached Tan’s 6/4/17 Letter and the SB Letter. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Wong’s AEIC at [105]–[106]; 18/5/21 NE 145, 158.

Koh first had sight of the SB Letter only around April 2017 when Wong showed
it to him. Koh then approached other RC members who confirmed that they had
never seen the SB Letter. Koh stated that the RC never made the Purported
Determination as it would have been contrary to the ESOS and RSP Rules. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Koh’s AEIC at [36]–[41]; 19/5/21 NE 138.

24 Koh explained that the 24/5/17 Meeting was a result of Wong’s suggestion to
Koh to meet Tan to find out more about the SB Letter and Tan’s request to
exercise the Share Option under Grant 9. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Koh’s AEIC at [49]–[51]; 19/5/21 NE 135–136.

At the meeting, Tan requested to be allowed to exercise his unexercised Share
Options. Wong and Koh informed Tan that Venture did not have the authority to
vary the ESOS and RSP Rules and was unable to consider Tan’s appeal that would
breach the Rules. Koh’s 24/7/17 Email subsequently noted what transpired at
this meeting.

25 Koh then received Tan’s 18/8/17 Email where Tan asked to be allowed to
exercise his unexercised Share Options and to keep the 50,000 shares under
Grant 8, but Tan did not ask for the Share Awards which had not vested when he
resigned. Hence, Tan knew that the SB Letter had no effect and that he could
not keep the Share Benefits which lapsed when he resigned. In August 2017, the
RC and Wong discovered that Venture had issued Tan 50,000 shares pursuant to
Tan’s exercise of the share option that should not have been done. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Koh’s AEIC at [52]–[56]; Wong’s AEIC at [139]–[142].

26 In May 2019, Venture terminated Angeline’s employment for her involvement
in the preparation of the SB Letter. Angeline would have known that the RC did
not make the Purported Determination as she was the company secretary who took
minutes of all RC meetings. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Wong’s AEIC at [154]–[155].

Sita’s testimony

27 Sita joined Venture as the CHRO on 1 September 2014. He reported to and
took instructions from Tan when Tan was the President. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Sita’s AEIC at [4], [19]–[22]; Wong’s AEIC at [57].

28 In January 2016, Wong informed Sita that Tan would continue to work for
Venture as Advisor to the CEO, and that Tan’s terms of employment would
otherwise remain the same. Wong would prepare the letter regarding Tan’s re-
employment (the Advisor Contract) and instructed Sita to prepare the Addendum
to it which Sita did. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Sita’s AEIC at [33]–[37].

29 On 21 January 2016, Wong’s personal assistant handed Sita a copy of the
Advisor Contract which had been signed by Wong and Tan. On 25 January 2016,
Wong and Sita signed a spreadsheet which set out Tan’s entitlement to the
Share Benefits (“PB1”). On 25 January 2016, after signing PB1, Sita asked
Rosalind to prepare a letter to inform Tan of the share benefits that he would
continue to be entitled to after 31 January 2016. As Tan was the first
employee to work past retirement age who had been granted share awards under
the RSP, Sita asked Rosalind to check with Angeline on the suitable language
to address Tan’s Share Awards. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Sita’s AEIC at [40]–[46]; Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents (Disputed as to
Authenticity by the Plaintiff) (“PB”) – PB 1.

30 On 27 January 2016, Rosalind emailed a draft letter to Angeline on the
restoration of Tan’s Share Benefits (“Rosalind’s Draft”) and asked Angeline to
review the draft and to include and deal with Tan’s accrued Share Awards.
Angeline emailed a revised draft to Rosalind on the same day (“Angeline’s
Draft”). Both drafts were dated 25 January 2016 and the title of Angeline’s
emails was “Tan Kian Seng_normal expiry date_”. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Sita’s AEIC at [47]–[49] and exhibits SL-41 and SL-42; PB 4, 8.

Angeline’s Draft was worded differently from Rosalind’s Draft, and was very
similar to what would become the SB Letter. Pertinently, Angeline’s Draft
included what was essentially Para 4 of the SB Letter, but without the Clause.
Sita attested that this was the first time the phrasing of Para 4 of the SB
Letter came about. Sita did not question Angeline on whether the RC had
assented to the matters as reflected in Angeline’s Draft. This would have been
within her knowledge given that she attended RC meetings and took minutes as
the company secretary. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

21/5/21 NE 56; Sita’s AEIC at [55]–[56].

31 Around 27 or 28 January 2016, Sita handed a copy of Angeline’s Draft to
Tan. Tan asked Sita what would happen to his Share Benefits if he resigned as
Advisor, as Angeline’s Draft did not deal with this. Sita said that they would
lapse. Tan disagreed with this position and informed Sita that he should be
allowed to keep his Share Benefits even if he left Venture completely as with
past practice, and told Sita to check with Angeline on this position. Sita
accepted Tan’s word as Tan had been with Venture for many years and in charge
of HR. Tan was also a member of Venture’s Executive Committee which recommends
to the RC on employees who should be granted share benefits. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Sita’s AEIC at [13], [57]–[61]; 21/5/21 NE 8.

32 Sita then told Angeline what Tan had said. Angeline replied that she would
reply to him with a re-draft of the letter. When Sita did not hear from
Angeline, he emailed Rosalind on 2 February 2016 to ask if the letter for Tan
was ready (“Sita’s 2/2/16 Email”). In that email, Sita said, “Letter done?
Don’t want to owe [Tan] on this.” 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Sita’s AEIC at [64]–[66] and exhibit SL-43; PB 31; 21/5/21 NE 14.

Rosalind then informed Sita that Angeline had not replied with a revised
draft. On 12 February 2016, Rosalind again informed Sita that Angeline had not
given her a revised draft whereupon Sita called Angeline and informed her that
to move matters forward, she could dictate the amendments to be made to
Angeline’s Draft. Whilst on the phone, Angeline dictated the amendments,
namely the addition of the Clause in the SB Letter, which Sita typed into
Angeline’s Draft at Rosalind’s computer. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Sita’s AEIC at [67]–[73]; 21/5/21 NE 14.

33 On 12 February 2016, Sita finalised the SB Letter and backdated it to 20
January 2016 to follow the date of the Advisor Contract. On Monday, 15
February 2016, Sita signed two copies of the SB Letter, then called Tan to
hand them to him whereupon Tan signed the two copies, dated them 15 February
2016, and handed one copy to Sita. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Sita’s AEIC at [75]–[79].

34 At the 23/1/17 RC Meeting, Sita updated the RC on employees who had been
allowed to continue to enjoy their share benefits in 2016 which included Tan.
Tan’s Share Benefits had lapsed when he tendered the Resignation Notice. The
RC decided that Tan should not be allowed to keep his unexercised Share
Benefits. After that meeting, Wong told Sita to inform Tan of the RC’s
decision. At that time, Sita did not inform the RC or Wong about the SB Letter
or that Tan had exercised the Share Option for 50,000 shares. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Sita’s AEIC at [84]–[89].

35 Sita then called Tan to inform him that his Share Benefits had lapsed given
his resignation. He also told Tan that if the SB Letter suggested otherwise,
it was incorrect and he should not have given that document to Tan. Tan
disagreed with Sita. On 28 March 2017, Tan tried to exercise his Share Option
by submitting an Option Form. Sita brought the matter to Wong’s attention, but
again did not inform him about the SB Letter. Sita then called Tan and
apologised to him as he had made a gross mistake in giving him the SB Letter.
He further told Tan that as his Share Benefits had lapsed, he should consider
appealing to Wong or the RC. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Sita’s AEIC at [90]–[96].

36 On the same day Sita received Tan’s 6/4/17 Letter, he prepared Sita’s Note
to inform Wong about the SB Letter. Sita also called Tan again to say that he
had made a gross mistake in issuing the SB Letter and that Tan should ask the
RC to allow him to keep the Share Benefits. He did not hear from Tan
thereafter. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Sita’s AEIC at [97]–[101], and pp 121–138.

37 Essentially Sita had only created the SB Letter on 12 February 2016. He did
not have the authority to make any representations contained in the SB Letter
(in particular, the Clause in the SB Letter) – Tan knew of this as he was
responsible for overseeing HR and also knew that Sita did not have authority
to override the ESOS and RSP Rules. Sita admitted to his mistake in not having
checked with Wong on the Clause in the SB Letter at the material time. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Sita’s AEIC at [104]–[106]; 21/5/21 NE 31–32.

Parties’ respective causes of action

38 Tan claims that Venture has breached his re-employment contract (which
comprised the Advisor Contract and SB Letter) by failing to confer on him the
Share Benefits. The RC had made the Purported Determination that Tan would
retain the Share Benefits accrued to him, before he stepped down as President,
even on cessation of his re-employment as Advisor (save for a dismissal for
misconduct). 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Tan’s AEIC at [38]; 10/3/21 NE 59.

Alternatively, Venture (through Sita) had represented to Tan his entitlement
to the Share Benefits by the Clause in the SB Letter and he was induced to
enter into the re-employment contract based on this representation and duly
signed the Advisor Contract and SB Letter. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

SOC at [25] read with [16].

39 Venture claims that Tan’s re-employment was governed by the Advisor
Contract alone and the SB Letter did not exist on 20 January 2016. Even if Tan
received the SB Letter on 15 February 2016, it could not constitute further
terms of his re-employment. All the terms of re-employment had been agreed
between Wong and Tan and set out in the Advisor Contract. Tan did not give any
consideration for the SB Letter as he commenced work as Advisor before
accepting the SB Letter. Further, Sita had no authority to decide on Tan’s re-
employment terms and Tan would have known that the RC had not made the
Purported Determination. Hence, the SB Letter was void or voidable (including
on the ground of mistake) and unenforceable and there were no representations
from Venture that Tan could have relied on. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Defence at [11]–[15]; Wong’s AEIC at [111]–[116], [120]–[121]; Koh’s AEIC at
[43].

40 Venture asserts that Tan had made false representations and defrauded it.
By signing the SB Letter, Tan knowingly participated in the creation of a
false document. By purporting to exercise the lapsed Share Options, Tan had
falsely misrepresented that he was still entitled to them. Venture was thus
induced by his representations into issuing 50,000 shares to him. It claims
against Tan for fraudulent misrepresentation, breach of contract and unjust
enrichment as Tan had benefitted from the issued shares, and also that Tan had
breached his fiduciary duties and his duty to act in good faith and of
fidelity. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Defence at [40]–[50], [54]–[57]; Wong’s AEIC at [135]; Koh’s AEIC at
[45]–[47].

Preliminary issues

41 I begin with some preliminary issues.

42 Contrary to Tan’s claim that Legal and HR reported directly to Wong, I find
that all the departments reported to Tan and was under his charge when he was
Venture’s President. This was attested to by Wong, which I accept. As
President, Tan was first among equals and the most senior executive just below
Wong. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Wong’s AEIC at [55]–[58]; 10/3/21 NE 37.

Venture’s public announcement in 2011 of Tan’s appointment as President stated
that Tan would have oversight of Venture’s corporate and administrative
support services including HR. In court, Tan admitted on numerous occasions
that, as President, the heads of HR and Legal in fact reported to him and he
had oversight of the departments. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

1AB 175; 10/3/21 NE 16–18, 25, 30–31, 137, 146–147; 11/3/21 NE 111.

Sita likewise stated that he reported to Tan whilst Tan was President, and
this was reflected in his employment contract as CHRO which Tan signed. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Sita’s AEIC at [19]–[22]; 1AB 265–268.

43 Next, it is undisputed that the RC is responsible for administering the
Share Schemes, including determining the share benefits to be conferred on an
eligible employee; and that the CHRO or Sita had no such authority or power.
Where any accrued share benefit of an employee lapses under the circumstances
mentioned in the ESOS or RSP Rules, the RC has the discretion whether to
preserve the benefit for the employee and it must exercise its powers within
the confines of the Rules. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Tan’s AEIC at [33]; 10/3/21 NE 50–51; 18/5/21 NE 66–68.

Tan was familiar with, and knew that his entitlement to share benefits was
subject to, the ESOS and RSP Rules. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

10/3/21 NE 12, 19–20, 43–56, 140; 11/3/21 NE 111–112.

44 Finally, by a resolution dated 23 April 2015 (“the Resolution”), the RC had
delegated its function to the CEO and CHRO jointly to review and exercise the
RC’s discretion under rules 7.3(aa) and 7.3(bb) of the ESOS Rules in a case
where an employee “ceases” to be employed by reason of: (a) ill health,
injury, accident or disability; (b) redundancy; or (c) “retirement at or after
[Venture’s] retirement age”. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

2AB 495–496; Koh’s AEIC at [57].

Tan’s resignation from Venture (as Advisor) did not engage the Resolution, as
it was not a cessation of employment in any of those circumstances. Tan
“retired” after Venture’s retirement age when he stepped down as President;
there was no further “retirement” as such when he ceased to be Advisor. Hence,
the CEO and CHRO could not exercise their powers under the Resolution
pertaining to the Share Options when Tan tendered the Resignation Notice. The
Resolution also does not apply to share awards.

Agreement between Wong and Tan on Tan’s re-employment as Advisor

45 It is undisputed that there were discussions between Wong and Tan before 20
January 2016, pertaining to Tan’s future after he stepped down as President.
51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Tan’s AEIC at [47]; Wong’s AEIC at [85]; 18/5/21 NE 5–6, 11, 103–104; 19/5/21
NE 75–76.

In this regard, I use the term “re-employ” and “re-employment” to describe Tan
stepping down as President and assuming the role of Advisor. Whether Tan’s
retirement as President on 31 January 2016 constituted a “cessation” of
employment in Venture such as to engage the ESOS and RSP Rules (which provides
for the automatic lapsing of accrued share benefits unless the RC determines
otherwise) will be determined later.

46 Tan agreed that his terms of employment, and re-employment as Advisor,
could only be decided and were determined by Wong, even if the details were to
be sorted out by someone else such as HR; and that Sita/CHRO had no authority
to determine Tan’s re-employment terms including his benefits. As President,
Tan was the most senior executive below Wong; and Tan agreed that from the
time he was employed as general manager of Venture Malaysia in 2001 to his
promotion as CFO and then President of Venture, Wong dealt with his employment
terms. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

10/3/21 NE 10, 14–15, 113–114; 11/3/21 NE 22, 60–61; 2AB 666–668.

Wong similarly attested that he hired Tan as Advisor and set out all the terms
for this role in the Advisor Contract; and there was no delegation or the need
for further negotiations with Sita who was then a relatively new employee and
junior person in the corporate management rank. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Wong’s AEIC at [90].

47 Next, it is common ground that Wong agreed that Tan would retain his Share
Benefits already accrued when Tan continued to be in Venture’s employ as
Advisor. Wong explained that as Tan did not cease employment with Venture as
he would continue in the role of Advisor, there was no change to Tan’s Share
Benefits. The Addendum to the Advisor Contract which Wong showed to Tan in
January 2016 set out Tan’s continuing entitlement to his accrued Share
Benefits and Wong had informed Tan to obtain the details of these benefits
from Sita as the records were kept with HR. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Tan’s AEIC at [47(d)]–[48]; 11/3/21 NE 7–8, 93; 12/3/21 NE 70; 18/5/21 NE
6–14.

48 Importantly, Tan agreed that there was no discussion with Wong let alone
any agreement by Wong, that Tan would retain the Share Benefits after his
cessation of re-employment with Venture. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

11/3/21 NE 95.

In his affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”), Tan merely stated that Wong
had told him that he would be allowed to retain his Share Benefits upon his
retirement and re-employment (as Advisor). 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Tan’s AEIC at [48].

Tan admitted that what was agreed with Wong upon his re-employment was that he
would retain the same employment benefits as when he was President, and not
that he would receive more or better benefits or that his Share Benefits would
continue to accrue even after he ceased to be Advisor or to be employed by
Venture completely. In effect, even as President, there was no term of
employment that any outstanding share benefits would accrue even when Tan
ceased to be in Venture’s employ completely. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

11/3/21 NE 95, 101–103.

49 Tan admitted that he had separately informed Sita and Angeline that he
wanted his Share Benefits to continue to accrue even after cessation of re-
employment as Advisor, which was beyond what was agreed by Wong; and that he
conveyed to Sita and Angeline a different message from his conversation with
Wong. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

11/3/21 NE 95–96.

In a summary judgment application for the Suit, Tan attested that after the
negotiations with Wong on his re-employment, he told Sita that he wanted his
re-employment contract to include a term for him to continue to exercise any
unexercised Share Options and to receive any unvested Share Awards “even after
the cessation of” his re-employment contract, but he did not inform Sita as to
whether Wong had agreed to such a term. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Tan’s affidavit dated 1 November 2018 at [31(b)] (Plaintiff’s Bundle of Cause
Papers, Vol 1 (“BCP1”), Tab 2); 11/3/21 NE 97–99; 12/3/21 NE 103–104.

50 In effect, Tan agreed that the term as encapsulated in the Clause in the SB
Letter was never discussed between him and Wong or agreed to by Wong. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

12/3/21 NE 86–88.

Whether Tan ceased employment on 31 January 2016

51 I next deal with whether there was a cessation of employment for the
purposes of engaging the ESOS and RSP Rules when Tan stepped down as
President. It is undisputed that the retirement age in Venture is 62 years old
and Tan reached that age in November 2015, but he did not then retire but
remained as President until 31 January 2016. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

10/3/21 NE 70.

52 Mr Rajah SC submits that there was a “cessation” of employment on 31
January 2016; this is important to show that the SB Letter was given to Tan
with the Advisor Contract to restore his accrued Share Benefits when he was
re-employed (as per the agreement with Wong), as the Advisor Contract was
silent on this and he would have lost his entitlement to the Share Benefits
upon the cessation of employment. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

10/3/21 NE 72; 18/5/21 NE 66; 20/5/21 NE 1–2.

If Tan did not cease employment when he changed roles from President to
Advisor, the RC did not have to make a determination to restore his Share
Benefits as they would not have lapsed.

53 On balance, I find that Venture had in fact treated Tan as having ceased
employment on 31 January 2016 when he stepped down as President, and he was
then re-hired on 1 February 2016 as Advisor.

54 First, Tan was given a new contract of re-employment, although his terms
and benefits would remain the same as when he was President. The Advisor
Contract was clear that Tan was “eligible and wish for re-employment” after
his retirement. Wong’s explanation, that there is no cessation of employment
if an employee is re-hired, 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

18/5/21 NE 49.

does not make sense – an employee would only have to be re-hired if he had
first ceased to be hired.

55 Second, Wong claimed that as Tan did not cease to work for Venture when he
stepped down as President, his Share Benefits continued to accrue to him
automatically without any action required on Venture’s or the RC’s part to
restore them to him. Koh confirmed the same. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

18/5/21 NE 37–38, 52–53; 19/5/21 NE 106.

But the evidence showed otherwise.

56 A few days after the Advisor Contract was signed, Wong and Sita signed PB1
to approve Tan’s Share Benefits be “restore[d]”. PB1 stated that Tan’s “reason
for leaving” was his retirement. It also stated that his “official last day of
employment” was 31 January 2016 and that this was an “event” under rule 7.3 of
the ESOS Rules which must, in Tan’s case, be an event either under rule 7.3(b)
as Tan “ceases” to be employed by Venture, or under rule 7.3(d) as “any other
event approved by the [RC]”.

57 In approving the restoration of Tan’s Share Benefits (upon Tan becoming
Advisor), I find that Wong and Sita had partly relied on their authority under
the Resolution (which pertained to share options), which is engaged only where
an employee “ceases” to be in Venture’s employ (see [44] above). I disbelieve
that Wong did not sign PB1 pursuant to the Resolution, or that he signed it
because Tan wanted to know his outstanding share benefits and Sita needed
Wong’s approval to release the information to Tan. As Tan was Venture’s
President and HR reported to him, he could have checked directly with HR or
Sita. Indeed, Wong admitted that it was unnecessary to obtain his approval to
release the information to Tan, and that he signed PB1 to approve the Share
Benefits to continue to accrue to Tan. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

18/5/21 NE 75–77, 80, 82, 91–92.

Sita also attested that he had informed Wong that PB1 was to restore the Share
Benefits, and that this process was followed for past cases where an employee
retired and was re-employed. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

21/5/21 NE 32–35.

58 Then, at the 23/2/16 RC Meeting, Sita updated the RC on employees who had
“ceased” employment due to retirement but whose share benefits would be
restored as they “had been rehired under the re-hiring plan for those aged 62
and above”. Sita presented a table of these employees, which included Tan
whose Share Benefits were mentioned and which were stated to have been
“restored” with the “reason for restoration” being Tan’s “retirement”. These
were recorded in the minutes of meeting under the heading “Exceptions granted
under [Venture’s] share schemes”. Koh attested that the decision as recorded
in the Minutes was pursuant to the Resolution. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

PB 122, 167; 19/5/21 NE 115.

59 Sita further explained that he had at the material time treated all such
“retirement” cases as a “cessation” of employment, which meant that any
outstanding share benefits would automatically lapse; and his standard process
was to prepare a share benefit restoration letter to enable the benefits to
continue to accrue when the employee was re-hired. This was similar for two
other employees, Edward Kow (“Kow”) and Han Jok Kwang (“Han”), who were also
re-hired the day after they retired. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

20/5/21 NE 10–12, 56–57, 62.

60 Hence, Venture had treated Tan’s retirement as President as a cessation of
employment, and Tan then entered into a re-employment contract (the Advisor
Contract) to be re-hired as Advisor. By virtue of rule 7.2 of the ESOS Rules
and rule 6.2 of the RSP Rules, Tan’s Share Benefits had lapsed automatically
and that was why Venture had to and did take a considered decision to restore
them when Tan was re-employed as Advisor. That there was no break in the day
of work when Tan changed roles is neutral.

When the SB Letter was handed to Tan

61 Next, Tan claims that the SB Letter was handed to him on 20 January 2016
because: (a) the Advisor Contract and SB Letter constituted all his terms of
re-employment; and (b) his claim for the Share Benefits is based on the Clause
in the SB Letter. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Tan’s AEIC at [56].

I find on the totality of the evidence that the SB Letter did not exist then
and that it was handed to Tan only on 15 February 2016.

Tan’s evidence on how he obtained the SB Letter and what he did with it

62 I turn first to Tan’s own evidence and conduct, which showed Tan to have
been less than honest about how the SB Letter came to be handed to him.

63 First, Tan was strangely silent, up until when he was cross-examined at
trial, as to who had handed to him the SB Letter on 20 January 2016. This was
not mentioned in his pleadings or further and better particulars – Tan had
merely stated that it was the “Defendant” who had issued or provided the SB
Letter to him on that day although it was signed by Sita. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

SOC at [12(a)]; Further and Better Particulars by Tan dated 7 June 2019 at
Request 2(d) and Answer thereto; Reply & Defence to Counterclaim (Amendment
No. 1) (“Reply”) at [4(a)] and [6].

Tan stated in his AEIC that he was shown the SB Letter at the 20/1/16 Meeting
without mentioning who had shown it to him then. In addressing Venture’s
assertion that the SB Letter did not exist before 20 January 2016, Tan stated
that he saw it before signing the Advisor Contract but did not further assert
that Sita had given it to him on that day. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Tan’s AEIC at [51], [56], [106]–[107].

Likewise, Tan’s Opening Statement for the trial and his affidavits filed in
summary judgment applications did not mention that Sita had handed him the SB
Letter on 20 January 2016. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Tan’s affidavit dated 1 November 2018 at [31] (BCP1 Tab 2); Tan’s affidavit
dated 4 January 2019 at [11] (BCP1 Tab 6); Tan’s affidavit dated 4 December
2018 at [10], [14]–[15] (BCP1 Tab 10).

Whilst Tan stated in an affidavit that the SB Letter was “issued” by Sita on
20 January 2016, he did not say that Sita had given it to him on that day. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Tan’s affidavit dated 4 January 2019 at [13(c)] (BCP1 Tab 6).

All these is despite the fact that Tan already knew by 13 April 2018 from
WongP (see [16] above) of Venture’s position that the SB Letter was only
handed to him in February 2016, and that Sita had attested in the summary
judgment applications that it was created after Tan had signed the Advisor
Contract. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

3AB 851–853; Tan’s affidavit dated 14 December 2018 at [14] and [15] (BCP1 Tab
10); Sita’s affidavit dated 13 December 2018 at [14] (BCP1 Tab 4); Sita’s
affidavit dated 1 November 2018 at [23]–[24] (BCP1 Tab 9).

Indeed, TRC’s reply to WongP on 19 April 2018 did not state that the SB Letter
was given to Tan on 20 January 2016 or by Sita. When queried on this omission
in TRC’s letter, Tan could merely say that the letter was drafted by his
lawyers. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

11/3/21 NE 53–54; 3AB 829–833, 851–853, 860–861.

64 Even in Tan’s 6/4/17 Letter, Tan did not remind Sita that it was Sita who
gave him the SB Letter, or that it was given to him on 20 January 2016, and
which constituted Sita’s representation on Venture’s behalf regarding the
Share Benefits. Again, during the 24/5/17 Meeting, subsequent correspondence
between Tan and Wong/Koh in July to September 2017, and even in the Demand
Letter in March 2018, Tan did not say that the SB Letter was handed to him by
Sita or on 20 January 2016. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Tan’s AEIC at [72]; 3AB 819–827.

One would have thought that, to reinforce his rights under the SB Letter, Tan
would have taken the opportunity to remind Wong that Tan had received the SB
Letter with the Advisor Contract on 20 January 2016 and that Wong would have
known of the SB Letter then because he, Tan and Sita were in the conference
room together.

65 It was only in cross-examination that Tan claimed Sita had handed him the
SB Letter on 20 January 2016. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

11/3/21 NE 18.

I inferred that Tan had kept silent on who had handed him the SB Letter on 20
January 2016 because Sita only gave it to him on a later date; and that Tan
did not raise the SB Letter at the 24/5/17 Meeting because he knew that Wong
did not know of its existence on 20 January 2016.

66 Second, Tan pleaded two versions of when the SB Letter was given to him. He
first pleaded that it was on 20 January 2016, and some 18 months later he
pleaded in the alternative that even if he received it on 15 February 2016, it
would still constitute the terms of his re-employment. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

SOC at [12(a)] and [12(b)].

Either Tan received the SB Letter on 20 January 2016 or on another date;
because it was never his case that he could not recall when he received the SB
Letter. He had consistently claimed to have received it on 20 January 2016,
and he relied on it and the Advisor Contract as constituting all the terms of
re-employment and to commence work as Advisor as he claimed to have obtained
them together.

67 Third, it was strange that Tan only signed the SB Letter, and returned it
to Sita, on 15 February 2016, although he purportedly received it with the
Advisor Contract on 20 January 2016. Tan claimed that he read both documents
on 20 January and was happy with all the terms and conditions therein. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

11/3/21 NE 39.

He was quick to sign and return the Advisor Contract the very next day but
omitted to do the same with the SB Letter which he signed some three weeks
later on 15 February and only because he was “reminded” by Sita (as he
claimed). Tan could not satisfactorily explain why he did not even sign the SB
Letter until 15 February 2016, merely claiming that he could not recall and it
“[did not] strike [him] at that time”. This was despite Tan being very
concerned about his accrued Share Benefits during negotiations with Wong on
his re-employment, so much so that he had separate conversations with HR
(Sita) and Legal (Angeline) pertaining to them, and he claimed that the
Advisor Contract was “not complete” as it did not deal with the retention of
his Share Benefits. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

11/3/21 NE 9, 40, 42–43; Tan’s AEIC at [58]; Tan’s affidavit dated 4 January
2019 at [12(a)] (BCP1 Tab 6).

I thus find that Tan signed the SB Letter only on 15 February 2016 because, as
Sita attested, it was given to Tan on that date, and it did not exist on 20
January 2016.

68 In fact, Tan took inconsistent positions. In court, he claimed that Sita
signed the SB Letter on 15 February 2016 (which cohered with Sita’s
testimony). However, in an affidavit filed for a summary judgment application,
he claimed to have received on 20 January 2016 a copy signed by Sita – by
making this assertion, I find that Tan was attempting to give the impression
that he had received the SB Letter on that day. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

11/3/21 NE 68–69; Tan’s affidavit dated 1 November 2018, at [31(b)] (BCP1 Tab
2).

Tan’s change of position in court supports my finding that the SB Letter was
not in existence on 20 January 2016. It would have been odd for Sita to hand
to Tan an unsigned copy of the SB Letter on 20 January 2016, if that was
Venture’s offer (and representation) to Tan regarding the Share Benefits.

Contents of SB Letter

69 Next, the contents of the SB Letter suggest that it could not have been
handed to Tan on 20 January 2016, as it set out a table showing his
entitlement to the Share Benefits accrued “as of 25 January 2016”. I accept
Sita’s explanation that the letter was created only after 25 January 2016,
because on 20 January 2016 no one could have predicted Tan’s accrued share
benefits on a future date, and that Tan could in the interim (between 20 and
25 January) exercise part of his entitlement which would have made the table
in the SB Letter inaccurate. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

Sita’s AEIC at [28]–[31].

I thus accept that Sita had initiated the preparation of a document on 25
January 2016 to set out Tan’s entitlement to his accrued Share Benefits, after
he had obtained Wong’s approval on the same day via PB1 to restore them. This
is corroborated by Rosalind who attested that she had extracted the
information on Tan’s Share Benefits as she prepared the draft on 25 January
2016. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

Rosalind’s AEIC at [12].

Hence, Tan’s Share Benefits in the SB Letter were stated to be “as of 25
January 2016”.

Preparation of the SB Letter

70 Venture’s employees also testified on the preparation of the SB Letter. I
accept Sita’s explanation as to how it came about and that the final version
was handed to Tan on 15 February 2016 (see [29]–[33] above). I find Sita to be
an honest and a credible witness. He readily admitted that he was wrong to
have issued the SB Letter with the Clause in the SB Letter; and he explained
that he was then a fairly new employee in Venture and he trusted Angeline who
had drafted the wording of Para 4 of the SB Letter and the Clause as she was
the head of Legal and the company secretary who attended the RC meetings. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

20/5/21 NE 23–26; 21/5/21 NE 31–32; Sita’s AEIC at [56].

I accept that the Clause in the SB Letter came about after Sita showed Tan an
initial draft around 27 or 28 January 2016; and as Tan wanted to retain his
Share Benefits even if he left Venture completely, the Clause was inserted to
give effect to his directions. It is not disputed that Sita was not involved
in the discussions between Wong and Tan on Tan’s re-employment terms. Sita had
acted on Tan’s instructions because, even in January 2016, Tan was his boss.
85

##### Foot Note 85

×

Sita’s AEIC at [38]; 20/5/21 NE 70–71.

71 Whilst I am cognisant that Sita is Venture’s employee, his testimony is
supported by the documentary evidence. Various internal emails (particularly
from HR and Legal), with the subject matter of the emails being “Tan Kian
Seng”, showed that there were reiterations of drafts (of what would eventually
be the SB Letter) even after 20 January 2016 and in early February 2016, and
before the final version was signed by Tan. This included Sita’s 2/2/16 Email
to ask Rosalind whether the SB Letter was ready because Sita “did not want to
owe [Tan] on this” (see [30]–[32] above). I accept that these reiterations
were done as a result of Sita’s conversations with Tan and with Angeline, and
Sita wanted to close the loop on the matter. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

21/5/21 NE 52.

There would have been no reason for Venture to produce reiterations of a draft
SB Letter after 20 January 2016 pertaining to “Tan Kian Seng”, and for Sita’s
2/2/16 Email, if Tan had received the SB Letter on 20 January 2016.

72 Further, there was no evidence that Para 4 of the SB Letter, in its final
form, existed before 20 January 2016. Instead, the first time the draft SB
Letter came about, in a form very similar to what Tan signed (save that it did
not contain the Clause), was in Angeline’s Draft (see [30] above).

(a) Sita explained that the wording in Rosalind’s Draft was lifted from a
template used for Kow, when he retired on 5 December 2015 and was re-employed
the next day. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

21/5/21 NE 54–55; 2PB 15–17; PB 4–7 (also in Sita’s AEIC at Exhibit SL-41).

On 6 December 2015, Venture issued Kow a letter (“Kow’s Letter”), to allow him
to continue to exercise his unexpired share options which would have lapsed
automatically when he retired but for his re-employment. The phrasing of Kow’s
Letter was substantially the same as Rosalind’s Draft, except that the latter
included Tan’s unreleased share awards under the RSP which Kow did not have.

(b) Angeline’s Draft was worded substantially differently from Rosalind’s
Draft, 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

24/5/21 NE 46.

and was similar to the final SB Letter except that it did not contain the
Clause in the SB Letter. As Sita attested, the Clause was inserted after
Angeline dictated it to him over the phone.

(c) Subsequently, Sita used the final phrasing of Para 4 of the SB Letter (in
Tan’s SB Letter) in a letter of 17 February 2016 to restore Han’s share
options accrued when he retired on 31 March 2016 and was re-employed on 1
April 2016 (“Han’s Letter”). 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

21/5/21 NE 45, 58; 2PB 25–26.

73 Rosalind corroborated Sita’s evidence on how the SB Letter came about and
cohered with Sita’s evidence at [29] to [30] above as to what she did. She
stated that around 27 January 2016, at Sita’s instructions, she printed two
copies of Angeline’s Draft which Sita told her that he would sign and give to
Tan, but later that day, Sita informed her that Tan had rejected Angeline’s
Draft and further informed her that he would ask Angeline to send her a
revised draft. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

Rosalind’s AEIC at [9]–[17].

After Rosalind received Sita’s 2/2/16 Email, she told Sita that she had not
received a revised draft from Angeline whereupon she saved a copy of
Angeline’s Draft on her computer. The metadata of the document shows the
creation of a version on 2 February 2016. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

Rosalind’s AEIC at [18]–[19]; PB 185.

Rosalind then had another conversation with Sita on 12 February 2016 (see [32]
above) and he informed her that the letter for Tan was long overdue. Sita then
sat at her desk, called Angeline and amended the draft SB Letter there and
then, and Rosalind then printed two copies and gave them to him. On 15
February 2016, Sita handed to Rosalind a signed copy of the SB Letter. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

Rosalind’s AEIC at [20]–[23].

The images of documents extracted from Venture’s computers showed a draft of
the SB Letter was on 12 February modified and saved under “rosalind.lee”. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

Gino Bello’s first AEIC at exhibit GB-2 (Gino Bello’s report at [17(e)]); PB
183–185.

74 Likewise, whilst Rosalind is Venture’s employee, I find her to be a
credible witness. Even if, as Mr Rajah SC suggests (and which I do not
accept), that it was Rosalind who had amended Angeline’s Draft, 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

21/5/21 NE 63.

it is unlikely that she would have done so, or added the Clause in the SB
Letter, on her own accord. More likely than not, it was Legal rather than HR
who had given input on the wording of the SB Letter, including Para 4 of the
SB Letter.

75 Pertinently, Sita’s evidence as to how the final version of Tan’s SB Letter
came about was corroborated by Tan who admitted to having a separate
conversation with Sita and Angeline to extend his entitlement to his
outstanding share benefits even after his cessation of re-employment with
Venture, and which Tan admitted was never agreed to by Wong (see [48]–[50]
above).

Events after Tan was told that he could not keep the Share Benefits

76 Next, Tan’s conduct after he was informed on 23 January 2017 that the RC
would not allow him to keep his Share Benefits is telling. Despite knowing the
RC’s decision, Tan did not at that time raise the matter with Wong or the RC
although he claimed he had been wronged. Even when his attempt to exercise the
Share Option under Grant 9 was rejected in March 2017, and Sita told Tan that
he had made a gross mistake in issuing the SB Letter and that Tan should
appeal to Wong, Tan did not approach Wong or the RC, but instead chose to
write to Sita (via Tan’s 6/4/17 Letter). 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

12/3/21 NE 14, 20, 26, 31–32.

77 I disbelieve that Tan had acted in that manner because he had always dealt
with Sita pertaining to his Share Benefits and he did not see the need to
appeal. He knew how the ESOS and RSP Rules worked, that only Wong could decide
on his terms of re-employment including share benefits and that Sita could not
override Wong’s or the RC’s determination. He also knew that when Sita told
him to appeal to Wong, Sita was communicating Wong’s message to him; that it
was the RC (or where appropriate, its delegated authority) who had the
discretion to decide whether share benefits that have lapsed could be
restored; and that he could appeal to the RC on its decision. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

12/3/21 NE 21, 30–40.

78 I agree with Mr Singh SC that Tan was reluctant to raise the matter
directly with Wong or the RC, even to clarify his entitlement to the Share
Benefits under the SB Letter, because he wanted to avoid surfacing the SB
Letter with them. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

12/3/21 NE 28, 50.

I inferred that this was because Tan knew that Wong did not know of the SB
Letter as at 20 January 2016 (because it did not then exist and Tan knew that
no such copy was handed to him on that date); knew that a draft of the SB
Letter came about only after he had signed the Advisor Contract (see [31]
above); and knew that the RC had never made the Purported Determination (see
further at [80] to [81] below). I find that Tan had attempted to deal with
Sita hoping that Sita/CHRO could resolve the matter, knowing that what was
stated in the Clause in the SB Letter was never agreed with Wong as a term of
his re-employment and he had on his own told Sita to include such a term.

79 My above finding is reinforced by Tan’s conduct after the 24/5/17 Meeting.
Apart from the email from Tan to Koh on 18 July 2017 that showed that Tan had
mentioned the SB Letter to Koh and Wong at the 24/5/17 Meeting, Tan was
careful not to raise the SB Letter in subsequent correspondence with them.
Instead, on 4 August 2017 and in Tan’s 18/8/17 Email, Tan chose to rely on the
fact that he was still Venture’s representative in China to appeal to Venture
to reconsider its position on his Share Benefits. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

12/3/21 NE 50–53; 3AB 824–826; Tan’s AEIC at [40].

Tan’s explanation that he was attempting to take a “conciliatory” approach by
not mentioning the SB Letter and wanting to avoid legal proceedings is
unconvincing – it is unclear why he could not have reminded Wong and Koh of
the SB Letter as part of his conciliatory approach, if the basis of his
entitlement to the Share Benefits rests on Para 4 of the SB Letter. By this
time, he was already being advised by lawyers. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

12/3/21 NE 49–50, 53.

Whether the RC had made the Purported Determination

80 I next deal with whether the RC had made the Purported Determination. I
accept Koh’s testimony that the RC itself did not, and that Koh and Wong did
not know of the SB Letter until around April 2017. I also accept Sita’s
testimony that the RC was not aware of the SB Letter or its contents when it
was prepared for Tan to sign. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

20/5/21 NE 69, 72.

At the 23/2/16 RC Meeting, the RC had only been updated of the CEO/CHRO’s
approval to restore Tan’s accrued Share Benefits when he became Advisor (see
[58] above). The Resolution was also not engaged when Tan ceased to be in
Venture’s employ by reason of his Resignation Notice, and PB1 did not go so
far as to approve Tan’s Share Benefits to accrue even after he resigned as
Advisor and ceased employment with Venture completely.

81 I further find that Tan knew that the RC did not make the Purported
Determination and he also could not rely on the Resolution for this purpose.
Tan had informed Sita that Wong said he could retain his share benefits upon
retirement and re-employment (see [12] above). As Sita attested, when he
handed to Tan Angeline’s Draft, he informed Tan that his Share Benefits would
lapse when he resigned as Advisor. Hence, Tan knew at that time that the RC
had not made any determination for Tan to retain his Share Benefits if he
ceased to be Advisor and left Venture. Tan thus rejected Angeline’s Draft. As
I had found, Tan then unilaterally instructed Sita to include a term in his
re-employment contract for his Share Benefits to continue to accrue even after
he ceased re-employment as Advisor. In effect, it was Tan who procured from
his subordinates (Sita and Angeline) the insertion of a term as reflected in
the Clause in the SB Letter, contrary to his agreement with Wong on his re-
employment terms. That Tan knew, when he signed the SB Letter, that the RC had
not made the Purported Determination, is reinforced by his subsequent conduct
of attempting to deal with Sita (rather than with Wong or Koh) to resolve the
matter; his reluctance to raise the SB Letter with Wong and Koh when he was
told that he could not keep the accrued Share Benefits upon his resignation;
and his reluctance to state (until late in the day) that it was Sita who had
purportedly handed the SB Letter to him on 20 January 2016.

Miscellaneous issues

82 I deal with some miscellaneous issues raised in relation to when the SB
Letter was handed to Tan.

83 Whilst both parties had called digital forensics experts to opine on when
the SB Letter could have first been created, I found their evidence unhelpful.
Mr David Charles Rule (Tan’s expert) could not conclusively determine when the
SB Letter was created, although he opined that a draft was prepared based on a
template. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

David Charles Rule’s 1st AEIC at [6(c)], [6(d)] and [6(e)].

Whilst Mr Gino Bello (Venture’s expert) opined that the first time a draft of
an SB Letter (quite similar to the version that Tan signed) could have been
created was on 27 January 2016, he agreed that if some other earlier drafts of
an SB Letter were provided to him, it could have affected his conclusion. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

24/5/21 NE 32, 34, 82–84; PB 178–181.

In any event, the experts could not opine positively that the SB Letter was
created on or before 20 January 2016. In the absence of conclusive proof, my
finding remains that the SB Letter did not exist as of 20 January 2016.

84 Next, I address various arguments that Mr Rajah SC raised to show that the
SB Letter must have been given to Tan on 20 January 2016 and constituted part
and parcel of Tan’s terms of re-employment as Advisor.

85 First, Mr Rajah SC submits that it made no sense for the SB Letter to state
that the terms in Para 4 of the SB Letter was conditional on Tan entering into
the Advisor Contract, if the SB Letter was only issued to Tan after 20 January
2016. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions dated 2 August 2021 (“PCS”) at [77(a)].

Also, the SB Letter bore the same date as the Advisor Contract. I find these
to be neutral. As Sita stated (and which I accept), the SB Letter was
backdated. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

PCS at [81(c)].

Pertinently, Tan only signed it on 15 February 2016. This is unlike Han who
signed both his re-employment contract and Han’s Letter on the same day, which
was also the date on which he was issued both documents.

86 Second, Mr Rajah SC argues that the SB Letter was given to Tan together
with the Advisor Contract as the former was intended to deal with Tan’s Share
Benefits which the latter was silent on, similar to Kow’s and Han’s cases
where they were issued re-employment contracts and separate share benefit
letters. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

PCS at [80]–[82].

Even if Venture issued a separate document to deal with Tan’s accrued Share
Benefits upon his re-employment, it did not mean that it must have been given
to Tan together with the Advisor Contract.

87 I accept Wong’s position that the Addendum to the Advisor Contract (see [8]
above), covered his agreement with Tan that Tan would retain his accrued Share
Benefits when he became Advisor, 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

18/5/21 NE 98–100, 104–106; Tan’s AEIC at [48].

as the Addendum could be read in this manner. The Advisor Contract states that
by signing the contract, Tan accepted “the terms and conditions as set out
herein and in the Addendum”. Wong had acted on his agreement as he signed PB1
shortly after Tan signed the Advisor Contract; and Sita followed through with
an update at the 23/2/16 RC Meeting of the decision to restore Tan’s Share
Benefits. Whilst it is arguable that Wong and Sita were not empowered under
the Resolution to deal with share awards, Venture had adopted this position of
restoring Tan’s Share Benefits by its conduct (via Wong’s agreement with Tan,
by Wong signing PB1, and then an update to the RC which the RC did not
dispute). Hence, it was not necessarily the case that the SB Letter must have
been given to Tan with the Advisor Contract to supplement his re-employment
terms pertaining to the Share Benefits. Even without the SB Letter, Venture
has maintained that Tan’s Share Benefits continued to accrue to him when he
became Advisor. On the contrary, the Clause in the SB Letter went beyond what
Wong had agreed with Tan for his re-employment and was procured by Tan on his
own volition without Wong’s knowledge or agreement.

88 Further, if Tan had received the SB Letter on 20 January 2016 with the RC
having made the determinations as in Para 4 of the SB Letter, it would have
been unnecessary for Wong and Sita to subsequently and additionally sign PB1
to restore Tan’s Share Benefits on his re-employment.

89 Kow’s and Han’s cases do not support that Tan must have received the SB
Letter together with the Advisor Contract. Kow’s Letter was issued to Kow in
December 2015, after he had accepted the re-employment contract in November
2015. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

2PB 1–14; 2PB 15–17; 20/5/21 NE 45–50.

Pertinently, Kow’s Letter did not contain a term similar to the Clause in the
SB Letter. As for Han, he had signed his re-employment contract and Han’s
Letter on the same day, unlike Tan.

90 Whilst Sita agreed with Mr Rajah SC that Kow’s Letter was “necessary” for
Kow’s share options to be restored when he was re-employed, 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

20/5/21 NE 49; PCS at [81].

I find that Sita had misunderstood the effect of such a document. The
restoration of an employee’s outstanding share benefits can only be done by
the RC or its delegated authority (eg, by the Resolution), and a document such
as Kow’s Letter or the SB Letter does not equate to such a determination made
by the RC. As Sita explained, that Kow’s Letter was issued only after Kow had
signed his re-employment letter did not affect the restoration of his
outstanding share benefits. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

20/5/21 NE 50.

However, such a document may represent Venture’s offer to confer to an
employee a benefit pursuant to a determination that it has made. I will return
to the issue of representation by the contents of the SB Letter later.

91 Sita explained that he prepared a document such as Kow’s Letter, Han’s
Letter or Tan’s SB Letter as a standard process when an employee is allowed to
retain his accrued share benefits upon re-employment. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

20/5/21 NE 54–55, 62.

His evidence taken as whole showed that he had a standard operating procedure,
namely, that the share restoration would first be approved by the relevant
authority, then he would prepare a document such as Kow’s Letter for the
employee, and he would thereafter update the RC on any such restoration at an
RC meeting.

92 As for Han’s Letter, it does not show that Venture had in fact agreed to a
term as in the Clause in the SB Letter. Sita had used the template from Tan’s
SB Letter to prepare Han’s Letter (see [72] above) and thus Han’s Letter
contained a clause similar to the Clause in the SB Letter. Sita admitted that
this was a mistake as no determination as stated therein was made by the RC;
hence, Han was issued a subsequent letter to correct the mistake and to
supersede Han’s Letter, which Han accepted. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

2PB 27–28; 20/5/21 NE 63–64.

Tan’s claims

93 Having made the above factual findings, I turn then to Tan’s claims.

Breach of contract

94 Tan pleaded that both the Advisor Contract and SB Letter constituted his
re-employment contract as he received them on 20 January 2016. Thus, Venture
had breached his re-employment contract by failing to confer to him his
remaining Share Benefits. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

SOC at [12(a)], [19]–[24].

As I have found that the SB Letter was not given to Tan on 20 January 2016 or
even before he commenced in his role as Advisor, his claim in this regard
fails. Tan cannot rely on the Clause in the SB Letter to claim his Share
Benefits when he tendered the Resignation Notice. Rule 7.2 of the ESOS Rules
and rule 6.2 of the RSP Rules state that an employee is deemed to have ceased
to be employed as of the date of notice of termination tendered by or given to
him and any share option or award, to the extent unexercised or unreleased,
would immediately lapse. This is reiterated in the Option Form such as the
ones that Tan submitted when he exercised the Share Option under Grant 8 and
which term Tan was cognisant of. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

2AB 772–774; 2AB 779–781; 12/3/21 NE 3–5; 27/9/21 NE 1–2.

95 Tan pleaded alternatively that even if he received the SB Letter on 15
February 2016, it constituted his contract of re-employment as Advisor; and
that there was consideration given for the SB Letter as it was issued as part
of a “single contemporaneous transaction” (citing Offshoreworks Global (L) Ltd
v POSH Semco Pte Ltd [2021] 1 SLR 27 (“Offshoreworks”)). 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

SOC at [12(b)]; Plaintiff’s Opening Statement at [18]; PCS at [137]–[139].

Venture claims that the SB Letter is unenforceable as no consideration was
provided for it. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

Defence at [13]; Defendant’s Closing Submissions dated 5 August 2021 (“DCS”)
at [174]–[176].

96 Even if Tan could maintain an alternative claim as such, I find that it
fails. Tan started work as Advisor before he received the SB Letter and thus
no consideration was given for the benefit (as per the Purported Determination
and Clause in the SB Letter). In Offshoreworks, the Court of Appeal (at [40])
held:

… what is crucial is the nexus between the act said to be consideration and
the promise, and that the later act must be causally linked to the earlier
promise. Therefore, the court’s inquiry is whether, at the time of the earlier
act, a later promise was contemplated or required. If so, that connects the
earlier act to the subsequent promise and establishes that they are part of
the same transaction … the courts look to the substance rather than the form
of the transaction. Hence, what looks at first blush like past consideration
will still pass legal muster if there is, in effect, a single
(contemporaneous) transaction (the common understanding of the parties being
that consideration would indeed be furnished at the time the promisor made his
or her promise to the promisee) …

97 There was no such nexus here. There was no contemplation by Venture or Tan
of any other promise to Tan, when Tan signed the Advisor Contract and
commenced work as Advisor, particularly that his Share Benefits would continue
to accrue when he ceased to be Advisor or ceased employment with Venture
completely. This is clear even from Tan’s evidence of what was agreed with
Wong for Tan’s re-employment, and which agreement was finalised before Tan
received the Advisor Contract. Indeed, there is no evidence that such a term
(as per the Clause in the SB Letter) was a term of Tan’s contract even as
President (see [48] above). When Tan signed the Advisor Contract, there was no
contemplation of an additional document to be prepared to set out any other
contractual term or promise pertaining to Tan’s Share Benefits. Wong stated
that all the terms of Tan’s re-employment including the retention of his Share
Benefits were encapsulated in the Advisor Contract and Addendum, and which I
had accepted. I reiterate my findings at [87] above.

98 Hence, even if Tan received the SB Letter after he started work as Advisor,
it and particularly the Clause in the SB Letter would be unenforceable for
lack of consideration. I reiterate that Kow’s and Han’s cases do not assist
Tan. Kow’s Letter did not contain any term over and beyond what Venture had
agreed to. Han’s Letter was superseded by another letter where Sita informed
Han that the representation that his share benefits would continue to accrue
on cessation of his re-employment was incorrect, and which Han had accepted.

99 Likewise, the case of R1 International Pte Ltd v Lonstroff AG [2015] 1 SLR
521 which Tan relies on, 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

PCS at [105]–[108].

does not assist him. The court found (at [59] and [63]) that both parties had
contemplated that the basic terms of various email confirmations would be
supplemented by a further set of standard terms; and that it was improbable
given the size and scope of the subject matter of the contract that the
parties would have expected to contract purely on the “bare bones” of the
email confirmations. The court stated (at [51]) that whether a subsequent
document could be incorporated as part of the contract can be ascertained by
the parties’ objective intentions. But this is not the case here, as I have
explained at [48], [87] and [97] above.

Misrepresentation and negligent misstatement

100 I turn to Tan’s alternative claims essentially under s 2(1) of the
Misrepresentation Act (Cap 390, 1994 Rev Ed) (“Misrepresentation Act”) 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

PCS at [158].

and negligent misstatement. Tan claims that the Clause in the SB Letter and
Purported Determination were Venture’s representation that his Share Benefits
would continue to accrue even after he ceases to be Advisor (“the
Representation”) and claims that he was induced by the Representation to enter
into the re-employment contract. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

SOC at [16], [25], [27].

101 Under s 2(1) of the Misrepresentation Act, the plaintiff has to show that
the false representation made by the defendant has induced the plaintiff to
enter into a contract with the defendant, and the plaintiff suffered a loss as
a result thereof. As for the tort of negligent misstatement, the plaintiff
must show the existence of a duty of care, and for such a duty of care to
arise, it is necessary to show a special relationship between the parties
(Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (Publ), Singapore Branch v Asia Pacific
Breweries (Singapore) Pte Ltd and another and another suit [2009] 4 SLR(R) 788
at [215]).

102 To reiterate, I found that Wong and the RC did not make the Representation
at any time, and Tan knew this. Further, for there to be ostensible authority,
there must be a representation by the principal (Venture) to Tan as to Sita’s
authority (Tribune Investment Trust Inc v Soosan Trading Co Ltd [2000] 2
SLR(R) 407 at [48]; Armagas Ltd v Mundogas SA [1986] 1 AC 717 at 777). Venture
did not authorise Sita to represent to Tan that the Share Benefits would
continue to accrue even after cessation of his re-employment as Advisor, nor
represent to Tan that Sita had authority to make such representation. I also
find that Tan would have known this and would have known that Sita had no such
authority to do so. Tan agreed that Sita had no authority of his own to decide
or inform Tan of what share benefits Tan was entitled to. Tan agreed that only
Wong could determine his terms of re-employment. Tan claimed that he merely
assumed that Sita was “probably verbally instructed” by Wong to issue the SB
Letter containing the Representation, which I disbelieve. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

11/3/21 NE 60.

As I had found, it was Tan who had procured from his subordinates (Sita and
Angeline) the insertion of a term as reflected in the Clause in the SB Letter,
and I reiterate my findings at [80] to [81] above. It must be remembered that
Tan was Venture’s President, and he was familiar with the ESOS and RSP Rules
and with the scope of authority and responsibilities of Sita/CHRO.

103 Further, Tan knew that what was conveyed in the Clause in the SB Letter or
the Representation was untrue, because it was Tan who had procured that
representation by instructing his subordinates to insert such a term of
benefit in the SB Letter. Hence, Tan could not be said to have relied on the
representation of Venture or Sita in relation to the contents of the Clause in
the SB Letter. It follows that Tan cannot be said to have been induced to
enter into the re-employment contract by Venture’s representation.

104 I also reject Tan’s alternative case that the Representation was intended
by Venture to influence Tan into entering his re-employment contract as
Advisor, 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

SOC at [25(b)], [27(e)] and [27(g)].

as I had found that Tan had started work as Advisor before he received the SB
Letter. Mr Rajah SC concedes that if the SB Letter was not provided to Tan
before he signed the Advisor Contract on 21 January 2016, Tan would not have
been induced by the specific representations in the SB Letter. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

PCS at [140].

Whilst he claims that Tan could nevertheless have been induced to enter into
the Advisor Contract by Venture’s representations made prior to 20 January
2016, there is no evidence of what other representations were made prior to
this date to the effect that Tan’s Share Benefits would continue to accrue
even when he ceases to be Advisor or to be employed by Venture completely.

105 As such, Tan’s claims in misrepresentation and in negligent misstatement
(which contains a similar requirement of reliance as in misrepresentation –
see Panatron Pte Ltd and another v Lee Cheow Lee and another [2001] 2 SLR(R)
435 (“Panatron”) at [22]) are not made out.

Venture’s defence of mistake

106 I deal here with Venture’s defence that the SB Letter was void for
unilateral mistake or voidable on the ground of equitable unilateral mistake
and should be rescinded. Venture also pleads that if the Option Forms
constituted a contract in which the 50,000 shares pursuant to Grant 8 were
issued to Tan, then it was also void or voidable on the same grounds. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

Defence at [15], [23] and [26]; DCS at [217]–[220].

107 For a claim in unilateral mistake to succeed, it must be proved that: (a)
one party has made a mistake; (b) the mistake is a sufficiently important or
fundamental mistake as to a term; and (c) the non-mistaken party has actual
knowledge of the mistaken party’s mistake. In a claim for equitable unilateral
mistake, constructive knowledge with an element of impropriety (“sharp
practice” or “unconscionable conduct”) as opposed to actual knowledge is
sufficient. (See Broadley Construction Pte Ltd v Alacran Design Pte Ltd [2018]
2 SLR 110 at [42] and [44].)

108 On the facts, I find the SB Letter to be void on the ground of unilateral
mistake. Sita had issued the SB Letter containing the Purported Determination,
when the RC had not made the Purported Determination. This was a sufficiently
important or fundamental mistake as to a term dealing with a Purported
Determination made on Tan’s Share Benefits. Tan knew of this mistake, because
he had instructed Sita to insert a term to enable him to retain his Share
Benefits even when he ceased to be Advisor. He had conveyed to Sita and
Angeline something different from what was agreed with Wong, and he knew that
the CHRO/Sita had no authority of his own to come up with additional terms of
his re-employment as Advisor (see Chwee Kin Keong and others v
Digilandmall.com Pte Ltd [2005] 1 SLR(R) 502 at [35]). Thus, when he submitted
the Option Forms for the Share Option under Grant 8, he knew he was not
entitled to the shares, and Venture’s employees had relied on the Option Forms
to release the shares to Tan in the mistaken belief that he was so entitled.

109 Even if Tan did not have actual knowledge of Venture’s mistake, I find
that a claim in equitable unilateral mistake is made out, as Tan would have
had constructive knowledge and had acted unconscionably. He instructed Sita to
add in a term to the SB Letter to retain his Share Benefits even when he
ceased to be Advisor, well-knowing that this was never agreed with Wong. He
did not bring to Venture’s attention that the Clause in the SB Letter was a
mistake when he knew that what was contained therein was not correct. Instead,
he took advantage of the mistake by exercising the Share Option under Grant 8.

110 Tan claimed that Venture has lost its right to rescind the SB Letter
because of undue delay or affirmation on its part. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

Reply at [4A] and [9A].

Mr Rajah SC also submits that at the 24/5/17 Meeting, Koh and Wong did not
inform Tan that he had no basis to claim the Share Benefits because the SB
Letter was not authorised; instead they told Tan that Venture could not vary
the ESOS and RSP Rules and asked him to consider other options. Mr Rajah SC
submits that it was only in its pleadings that Venture alleged that Sita had
acted on a frolic of his own in issuing the SB Letter. Hence, Venture’s
defence in the Suit is an afterthought. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

PCS at [49]–[50], [133] and Annex A.

111 I do not find there to be undue delay or affirmation on Venture’s part or
that its defence is an afterthought. Wong and Koh only discovered the SB
Letter in April 2017 from Sita’s Note, after Tan had obtained the 50,000
shares under Grant 8. At that time, Wong and Koh were not fully aware of how
the SB Letter had come about, and Koh then went to check with the RC members
on whether they had ever seen the document. Shortly after, they had the
24/5/17 Meeting to find out from Tan more about the SB Letter and his request
to exercise the Share Option under Grant 9. At that meeting they informed Tan
that Venture could not consider his appeal to retain his Share Benefits where
it would breach the ESOS and RSP Rules and reiterated that position in
subsequent correspondence.

112 The correspondence between Wong/Koh and Tan showed that Venture attempted
to resolve the matter amicably with Tan, but it did not mean that Venture had
accepted Tan’s position in relation to the Clause in the SB Letter or the
veracity of the SB Letter. On the contrary, Wong and Koh had consistently
maintained that Venture could not accede to Tan’s request to keep his Share
Benefits after they had lapsed by virtue of Tan’s resignation and where the RC
had not made a determination otherwise. This position was maintained by
Venture even in January 2017 and conveyed to Tan then (see [14], [21] and [34]
above), even before Wong and Koh first knew of Tan’s SB Letter in April 2017.
WongP’s letter in April 2018, in response to the Demand Letter, had given Tan
notice that he was not entitled to the 50,000 shares under Grant 8 and which
Venture would be entitled to seek redress. Hence, in the early stages when the
SB Letter was surfaced to Wong and Koh, it cannot be said that they had
sufficient knowledge to affirm the SB Letter (which in any event they did not)
nor did they communicate as such to Tan.

113 If at all, it is Tan who has been evasive and reluctant to reveal how the
SB Letter, and particularly the Clause in the SB Letter, came about, although
he was involved in procuring the final version of the SB Letter, whereas Wong
and Koh were unaware of it until after the fact.

Venture’s counterclaims

114 I turn to Venture’s counterclaims.

Breach of contract

115 In response to Tan’s claim of breach of contract by Venture, Venture
pleads that Tan was not entitled to exercise the lapsed Share Options and that
his exercise by signing the Option Forms for the Share Option under Grant 8
was a breach by Tan of his contract. Hence, Tan was not entitled to the 50,000
shares. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

Defence at [11]–[12], [22]–[23], [45]–[47].

Venture submits that the contract for the issuance of the 50,000 shares to Tan
was “contained in and/or evidenced by the [Option Forms] that [Tan] signed
when he purported to exercise the 50,000 lapsed share options”. Venture relies
on the Option Forms as the contractual document or as evidencing the
contractual terms pertaining to the 50,000 shares, and which Tan also pleads
as the agreement between him and Venture. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

DCS at [235]; Reply at [19].

116 I find that Tan’s entitlement to exercise any Share Options (which mode of
exercise was by submitting an Option Form) was premised on the terms of his
re-employment contract (the Advisor Contract) which set out his entitlement to
the Share Benefits so long as he remained employed as Advisor. Nevertheless, I
find that Venture had sufficiently pleaded reliance on the Advisor Contract as
constituting Tan’s re-employment terms and pleaded that the SB Letter did not
constitute any further terms of Tan’s re-employment.

117 Given my earlier findings, particularly that the Share Benefits had lapsed
by virtue of the Resignation Notice and that Tan could not rely on the SB
Letter to show otherwise, Tan would have breached his re-employment contract
when he exercised the Share Option for Grant 8. Even if the Option Forms
constituted a separate agreement, Tan would have breached that agreement
because he could not exercise the share options after tendering the
Resignation Notice.

Fraudulent misrepresentation

118 Next, Venture claimed that Tan had defrauded it when he exercised the
Share Option for Grant 8 and obtained 50,000 shares therein, knowing that his
entitlement to the Share Benefits had lapsed by his resignation. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

Defence at [40]–[44]; DCS at [238].

The elements of fraudulent misrepresentation are: (a) there must be a
representation of fact; (b) the representation must be made with the intention
that it should be acted on by the plaintiff; (c) the plaintiff had acted upon
the false statement and suffered damage by so doing; and (d) the
representation was made with the knowledge that it is false; it must be
wilfully false, or at least made in the absence of any genuine belief that it
is true: see Panatron at [14]. I find that the claim in fraudulent
misrepresentation is made out.

119 Tan knew that his entitlement to any share benefits was subject to the
ESOS and RSP Rules. He had falsely misrepresented to Venture that he was
entitled to exercise the Share Option for 50,000 shares under Grant 8 when he
submitted the Option Forms, knowing that his Share Benefits had lapsed on
tendering the Resignation Notice. The “Note” in the Option Form clearly stated
rule 7.2(b) of the ESOS Rules and that any share option granted would lapse
and cannot be exercised if the employee ceased to be employed by Venture with
such cessation taking place when he gives notice of resignation. Based on my
earlier findings, Tan could not rely on the Clause in the SB Letter, knowing
that Venture never made the Representation and that it was he who had procured
a term as found in that Clause. Hence, Tan could not have honestly or
genuinely believed in the truth of his representation to Venture that he was
entitled to exercise the Share Option under Grant 8.

120 Mr Rajah SC submits that Venture did not issue the 50,000 shares in
reliance on Tan’s representations as they did not play a real or substantial
part in the mind of Venture’s employees when Venture issued the shares.
Instead, Venture issued the shares after checking its own records that Tan was
entitled to exercise the option. Rosalind attested that she had checked a
spreadsheet pertaining to Tan’s share benefits to see if they existed and were
valid before she forwarded the Option Forms to Sita to check and approve the
Forms. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

PCS at [117], [188(c)]; 21/5/21 NE 65–66 and 68.

121 A misrepresentation is actionable if it played a real and substantial part
in the representee’s decision to enter the contract. In Panatron, the Court of
Appeal held at [23] that:

The misrepresentations need not be the sole inducement … so long as they had
played a real and substantial part and operated in [the representees’] minds,
no matter how strong or how many were the other matters which played their
part in inducing them to act and invest in Panatron …

Although the test for inducement only requires the representee to show that
the misrepresentation was an (and not the) inducing cause, he has to prove
that the misrepresentation was “actively present to his mind” (Alwie Handoyo v
Tjong Very Sumito and another and another appeal [2013] 4 SLR 308 at [192]).
The question of inducement is approached from the representor’s perspective,
whilst the question of reliance is approached from the representee’s
perspective (Wee Chiaw Sek Anna v Ng Li-Ann Genevieve (sole executrix of the
estate of Ng Hock Seng, deceased) and another [2013] 3 SLR 801 (“Anna Wee”) at
[43]).

122 I find that Tan’s representation by submitting the Option Forms, played a
real and substantial part in Venture’s decision to release the 50,000 shares
to Tan and that Venture had relied on Tan’s misrepresentation in this regard.
Venture’s employees would have relied on the Option Forms that Tan submitted,
which Forms contained the “Note” (see [119] above) and a clause stating that
the employee agrees to subscribe to the shares subject to the terms of
Venture’s offer letter and the ESOS, and which Tan had signed off on.
Venture’s employees would have been induced by Tan’s representation as such
even if it was not the only inducing cause.

123 Whilst Rosalind stated that she had checked a spreadsheet to verify
whether Tan’s share benefits existed and were valid, it is unclear what
spreadsheet she was referring to. If it was PB1 (as Sita attested that
Rosalind prepared that spreadsheet), 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

21/5/21 NE 32, 65, 68.

it merely shows the share benefits that accrued to Tan when he was re-employed
and no more. In fact, Tan agreed that Rosalind would have acted on the basis
of his representations made in the Option Forms that he was entitled to
exercise the share options. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

12/3/21 NE 9.

Hence, Rosalind would have relied on Tan’s representation even if she had
checked the spreadsheet.

124 Further, whilst Rosalind stated (in cross-examination) that after she
handed the Option Forms to Sita, Sita had to “check it and approve it”, it is
unclear what Sita had checked against or whether he had to approve the Option
Forms given that Mr Rajah SC did not raise this in Sita’s cross-examination.
Likewise, more likely than not, Sita had relied on the Option Forms that Tan
submitted, and with knowledge of the Clause in the SB Letter in mind (which
Clause was procured by Tan). When Tan submitted the Option Forms for the
50,000 shares, the veracity of the SB Letter was not yet in question because
Wong/Koh did not then know of its existence and the RC had yet to meet and
determine that Tan’s Share Benefits that had lapsed (by virtue of the
Resignation Notice) would not be restored.

125 Finally, I find that Venture had suffered damage when it released the
50,000 shares to Tan. When an employee exercises a share option, Venture would
have to obtain the shares from somewhere and at its cost. As Wong attested,
Venture has been deprived of the 50,000 shares that Tan wrongfully took, and
if they are returned, Venture would keep them in the treasury which it could
use to award to other employees under the RSP. 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

Wong’s AEIC at [134].

Unjust enrichment

126 Venture also claims restitution from Tan who has been unjustly enriched.
Essentially Venture relies on mistake and failure of consideration as the
unjust factors. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

Defence at [50]–[52] read with [12]–[30]; DCS at [257].

In a claim for unjust enrichment, the following elements have to be satisfied:
(a) the defendant has been benefitted or been enriched; (b) the enrichment was
at the claimant’s expense; (c) the enrichment was unjust; and (d) there are no
applicable defences (Anna Wee at [98]–[99]). Further, the Court of Appeal in
Benzline Auto Pte Ltd v Supercars Lorinser Pte Ltd and another [2018] 1 SLR
239 at [48] clarified that “consideration” or “basis” in the law of unjust
enrichment refers to either: (a) the performance of a counter-promise, as
distinguished from the counter-promise itself; or (b) a non-promissory
contingent condition, ie, an expected event or state of affairs which neither
party is responsible for bringing about. Hence, the inquiry of the unjust
factor of failure of consideration or basis has two parts: first, what was the
basis for the transfer in respect of which restitution is sought; and second,
whether that basis has failed (Simpson Marine (SEA) Pte Ltd v Jiacipto
Jiaravanon [2019] 1 SLR 696 at [48]–[49]).

127 I find that Venture succeeds in its claim for unjust enrichment. Based on
my earlier findings, Venture released the 50,000 shares under Grant 8 to Tan
on the mistaken premise that Tan was entitled to them. Further, Tan’s
entitlement to exercise his share option is premised on Tan not having
resigned. When he tendered the Resignation Notice, the Share Benefits lapsed
and Tan could not rely on the Clause in the SB Letter to show otherwise. I
find also that there are no applicable defences that Tan can rely on. Contrary
to Mr Rajah SC’s submission that Tan did not know that he was not entitled to
his unexercised share options after he resigned, 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

PCS at [199].

I had found that Tan did know this.

Summary of Venture’s counterclaims

128 In the round, I find that Venture has made out a case for breach of
contract, fraudulent misrepresentation, mistake and unjust enrichment. It is
unnecessary for me to consider Venture’s claim under s 2(1) of the
Misrepresentation Act or for Tan’s breaches of duties. Mr Singh SC submits
that the loss suffered by Venture for a claim under s 2(1) of the
Misrepresentation Act and for breaches of duty of good faith and fidelity are
the same as the losses being claimed for breach of contract and fraudulent
misrepresentation; and the damages it claims for Tan’s breach of fiduciary
duties are essentially the same as those for its claim for unjust enrichment.
134

##### Foot Note 134

×

DCS at [268]–[270]; 27/9/21 NE 15, 18-–19.

Remedies

129 Venture claims that based on Tan’s breach of contract, fraudulent
misrepresentation or mistake, Venture’s loss is the cost to Venture of buying
the 50,000 shares at their prevailing market rate, less the price that Tan
paid for them. Venture submits that the market price should be what it would
have to pay to buy it at any time within 30 days of the court’s determination
on the matter. As Tan has been unjustly enriched, Venture is also entitled to
restitution of the benefits obtained by Tan, which further includes the
profits of $74,035.30 that he made from selling 35,000 of the 50,000 shares.
135

##### Foot Note 135

×

DCS at [265]–[269]; Wong’s AEIC at [134]; 27/9/21 NE 15–17; Defendant’s
Further Submisisons (21 October 2021) at [2].

130 Mr Rajah SC submits that the date of assessment of damages in relation to
fraudulent misrepresentation should be the market price at which Venture could
have sold the shares at the time the shares were issued to Tan, less the price
paid by Tan to Venture for them, citing Platt v Platt [1999] 2 BCLC 745
(“Platt v Platt”). 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

TRC’s letter dated 11 October 2021 at [10].

Mr Ali (Tan’s counsel) agrees that if there is unjust enrichment, Venture is
entitled to the profit that Tan made on selling off the 35,000 shares, but
this should take into account what Tan had paid as taxes (of $18,087.20) on
acquiring the 50,000 shares from Venture. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

27/9/21 NE 20, 27; TRC’s Letter dated 11 October 2021 at [5]–[6].

Venture, submits that the taxes paid by Tan for the purchase of the 50,000
shares should be disregarded. As restitution focuses on the benefit that Tan
obtained, Venture should be entitled to the restitution of all the benefits he
had obtained. 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

Defendant’s Further Submissions dated 11 October 2021 at [4]–[5].

Tan further confirmed that he still has 15,000 of the 50,000 shares issued to
him and if Venture succeeds in its counterclaim, Tan will return the 15,000
shares subject to Venture returning the amount Tan paid for those shares. 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

TRC’s Letter dated 11 October 2021 at [4].

131 The object of damages for breach of contract is to put the victim so far
as money can do it, in the same situation as if the contract had been
performed, and the victim is entitled to be compensated for the loss of his
bargain. Alternatively, he can elect to recover reliance loss, to put him in a
position as if the contract had never been entered into in the first place.
Both measures of damages are compensatory and based on the victim’s loss. The
purpose of damages for tortious misrepresentation is to put the victim into a
position in which he would have been if the misrepresentation had not been
made. In this regard, damages for fraudulent misrepresentation would include
all losses flowing directly from the entry into the transaction, regardless of
whether the loss is foreseeable and this would include all consequential
losses suffered by the claimant. (See Turf Club Auto Emporium Pte Ltd and
others v Yeo Boong Hua and others and another appeal [2018] 2 SLR 655 at
[123]–[126]; Wishing Star Ltd v Jurong Town Corp [2008] 2 SLR(R) 909 at [21]
and [28].)

132 I deal first with whether the damages should take into account the tax
that Tan paid for acquiring the 50,000 shares from Venture. In my view, this
should be disregarded. In so far as the claim to set off the tax against
damages to be awarded to Venture for breach of contract or misrepresentation,
the object of damages is to compensate the victim and focuses on the victim’s
loss. Further, the tax was not paid to Venture; if it was, then Venture would
have to account for it in the damages awarded to it. In so far as the claim to
set off the tax against Venture’s claim for unjust enrichment, it cannot be
said to be a case of change of position, which in any event was not pleaded by
Tan nor attested to by him for this purpose and which Mr Rajah SC has
confirmed Tan is not relying on. 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

Plaintiff’s Further Submissions dated 21 October 2021 at [10].

Tan did not pay tax on the profits that he made by selling the 35,000 shares;
rather, the tax was paid by Tan in acquiring the 50,000 shares and which he
acquired based on his misrepresentation to Venture that he was entitled to
them. In fact, Tan did not plead, nor rely on the fact that he had paid tax on
the 50,000 shares, in relation to damages pertaining to any of Venture’s
counterclaims. He had mentioned it only to support his claim that Venture had
taken the position that he was entitled to the Share Benefits. 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

Tan’s AEIC at [104].

133 Next, Venture now claims in its further closing submissions that it had
paid dividends on the 50,000 shares and should be compensated by Tan for this.
142

##### Foot Note 142

×

Mr Singh SC’s letter dated 21 October 2021 at [11].

Venture did not plead nor attest to any such dividends, let alone the quantum
of the dividends, that were paid. The payment of dividends by Venture is
within Venture’s knowledge. As such I would disregard this submission.

134 I turn to deal with the valuation date of the shares. The date of the
transaction is the prima facie date of valuation, as the measure of the loss
that is suffered, but this rule can be departed from to give effect to the
overriding compensatory rule (see Smith New Court Securities Ltd v Citibank
N.A. [1997] AC 254 at 284, in relation to a case for fraudulent
misrepresentation). I accept that if damages were assessed based on the time
when the wrongful act occurred, this may not adequately compensate Venture for
the loss it has suffered if Venture had to subsequently acquire substitute
shares from the market at the prevailing market rate. In Platt v Platt, the
court preferred to value the shares at the transaction date given the
evidential difficulties in using a later date and that the shares no longer
existed. There is no such difficulty in the present case as Venture is a
public-listed company whose share price is transparent.

135 Here, had Tan not made the representations, Venture would have had the
50,000 shares. The losses (including consequential losses) incurred by Venture
would include the price it has to pay to acquire a similar number of shares in
the market, provided this is what Venture intends to do or has to do. In such
a situation, the prevailing market rate for the shares would be most
appropriate to allow Venture to be fully compensated for its loss. But it is
unclear that Venture intends or has to acquire replacement shares. Wong did
not state that Venture will buy replacement shares, or even that Venture has
to replace back into the company the shares transferred to Tan. 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

Wong’s AEIC at [134].

It is for Venture to prove what its loss is and the quantum of such loss and I
find that it has not shown that the loss is the value of the shares at today’s
market rate.

136 Indeed, Mr Singh SC has now submitted that the court cannot order a
transfer of the remaining 15,000 shares from Tan to Venture because this would
contravene s 76(1A) of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the CA”) as
that section provides that, except where expressly provided by the CA, a
company cannot acquire shares in the company. Mr Singh SC also submits that
Venture cannot hold the shares as treasury shares save in the circumstances
under ss 76B to 76G of the CA which he submits Venture does not fall within,
and hence, any transfer of shares to Venture would render the shares valueless
as it cannot use them as treasury shares. 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

Mr Singh SC’s Letter dated 21 October 2021 at [4]–[8].

By these submissions where Mr Singh SC is suggesting that a transfer of shares
back to Venture would not be possible or feasible, it shows that Venture does
not intend to acquire or would not be acquiring shares let alone from the
market.

137 Given the above, I thus accept Mr Rajah SC’s submission that the date of
assessing damages of loss to Venture in relation to the shares should be at
the market price at which Venture could have sold the shares at the time they
were issued to Tan. I see no reason to depart from the transaction date for
valuation (ie, the date when the 50,000 shares were transferred to Tan) in
favour of the date on which I make the determination in the Suit. Even if
Venture had succeeded on its claim for any breach of duties, this would not
change how the damages (or any claim for equitable compensation as prayed for
by Venture) would be assessed (see also [128] above). This is also given that
I will in any event award Venture the profits that Tan had made from selling
35,000 shares, namely $74,035.30 for its claim in unjust enrichment.

138 Further, I do not see any impediment to making an order for Tan to return
15,000 shares to Venture. There is no evidence that such an order would render
the shares returned to Venture to be valueless. Section 76(8)(h) of the CA
provides that nothing in s 76(1A) prohibits the purchase by a company of
shares in the company pursuant to a court order. Section 76B(10) further
provides that “Nothing in [sections 76B] to 76G shall be construed so as to
limit or affect an order of the Court made under any section that requires a
company to purchase or acquire its own shares.” Indeed, Wong attested that if
Tan were to return the shares, Venture would keep them in the treasury until
it is time to give them to other employees as share awards under the RSP.
Pertinently, this is what Venture had pleaded and initially asked for, namely
the return of the 50,000 shares and where any of them have been sold, that
there should be an account of profits or damages on the shares that were sold.
145

##### Foot Note 145

×

Wong’s AEIC at [134]; Defence at para 7 of the reliefs.

139 Given the above, I make the following orders:

(a) Tan is to transfer 15,000 shares (which he has) to Venture within 30 days
subject to Venture returning the amount that Tan paid for them. Venture had
pleaded for the return of all or any of the shares and Tan had also agreed to
do so in relation to any unsold shares. This would sufficiently compensate
Venture for the loss of 15,000 (out of 50,000) shares that were wrongly
transferred to Tan.

(b) As for the remaining 35,000 shares that Tan no longer has, the damages are
to be based on the market price of the shares at the time of release to Tan,
after deducting the amount that he paid to Venture. I accept the valuation on
the market price based on a table submitted by Mr Rajah SC on 11 October 2021,
as the best evidence tendered to the court. 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

TRC’s Letter dated 11 October 2021 at [14].

As Tan exercised the share option for 50,000 shares in two tranches of 25,000
shares each, I ascribe the following market price: 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

AB 778 and AB 1128.

(i) For 25,000 shares, at $9.40 per share (based on the market price at about
7 October 2016, when Tan exercised the Share Option under Grant 8 in the first
tranche). Tan had sold off all 25,000 shares (in November 2016) that he
obtained in the first tranche (in October 2016), and these are the shares that
can no longer be returned. 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

Tan’s AEIC at [105].

(ii) For another 10,000 shares, at $9.76 per share (based on the closing
market price on around 16 January 2017, when Tan exercised the Share Option
under Grant 8 in the second tranche).

(c) Additionally, Tan is to pay Venture $74,035.30 being the profits he made
on the sale of the 35,000 shares.

(d) Where parties are unable to agree to the calculation of the quantum of
damages, that they are at liberty to apply, within one month, to the court for
directions.

Conclusion

140 In conclusion, I dismiss Tan’s claims against Venture, and I allow
Venture’s counterclaims against Tan as above. I will hear parties on costs.

Audrey Lim  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Chelva Retnam Rajah SC, Eusuff Ali s/o N B M Mohamed Kassim and Joseph Tham
Chee Ming (Tan Rajah & Cheah) for the plaintiff;

Davinder Singh s/o Amar Singh SC, Pardeep Singh Khosa, Stanley Tan Jun Hao and
Jaspreet Singh Sachdev (Davinder Singh Chambers LLC) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 26 Nov 2021 (12:16 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

