Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC 45

District Court Appeal No 29 of 2020

Between

| Tan Peng Kwang (trading as Europe Mini Holiday)  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

| Zimerick LLP  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

In the matter of DC/DC 2997/2015

Between

| Zimerick LLP  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| Tan Peng Kwang (trading as Europe Mini Holiday)  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

Grounds of Decision

[Contract] — [Breach] — [Quantum Meruit]

[Evidence] — [Admissibility of evidence] — [Hearsay]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Tan Peng Kwang (trading as Europe Mini Holiday)

  
v

  

Zimerick LLP

[2021] SGHC 45

General Division of the High Court — District Court Appeal No 29 of 2020

Kwek Mean Luck JC  
27 January 2021

24 February 2021

Kwek Mean Luck JC:

Introduction

1 This is an appeal against the decision of the District Judge (“the DJ”) in
Zimerick LLP v Tan Peng Kwang t/a Europe Mini Holiday [2020] SGDC 248 allowing
95% of the respondent’s claim for work done on a mobile travel app (“the app”)
for the appellant and dismissing the appellant’s counterclaim.

2 At the end of the hearing, I dismissed the appeal and provided my brief
reasons. I now set out my reasons in full.

Facts

3 The appellant is a sole proprietor running a business specialising in
holidays to Europe. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Affidavit of Tan Peng Kwang dated 21 February 2019 at [1].

The respondent is a limited liability partnership specialising in building
mobile applications. The parties entered into Customer Services Agreement
Contract #00001114 (“the Agreement”) and Work Order #00001114 (“the Work
Order”), dated 8 October 2013. They collectively form the contract (“the
Contract”) between the parties for the respondent to develop the app for the
appellant, for the total price of $134,122. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 2) (“Statement of Claim”) at [1], [3].

4 There were 3 payment milestones under the Contract, set out in Clause 9 of
the Work Order: 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Affidavit of Heidi Khew Su-Wei dated 13 March 2019 at page 22.

(a) 50% of the contract value ($67,061) was payable on signing of the Work
Order;

(b) 40% of the contract value ($53,649) was payable on the app being ready for
the User Acceptance Test (“UAT”), and

(c) 10% of the contract value ($13,412) was payable on the passing of the UAT.

The parties’ cases

5 The appellant’s case is that while the respondent had developed the app for
use on Android and iPad platforms, they failed to produce the app for use on
iPhones. The appellant was hence entitled to hold the respondent in breach of
the Contract and terminate it. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Appellant’s Case (“Appellant’s Written Submissions”) at [18]–[24].

6 The appellant also counterclaimed for $32,916 in damages for the unilateral
revocation of the Contract by the respondent, $42,129.80 for expenses incurred
in hiring the photographer and extra staff, $48,255.60 for loss of income, and
an indeterminate sum for “damages for embarrassment, loss of reputation and
estimation by the [appellant’s] clients and business associates” and “other
general and/or special damages to be assessed”. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Defence and Counterclaim at [48].

7 The respondent’s case is that they had substantially performed their
obligations under the Contract in developing the app for use on the Android
and iPad platforms. They did not dispute that they were contractually required
to develop the app for use on the iPhone and had not done so, but contended
that they had informed the appellant that they were able and willing to
develop the app for use on iPhones. The appellant hence wrongfully terminated
the Contract. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Respondent’s Case at [76].

8 The respondent rendered invoices for $134,122, which is the total sum
payable under the Contract. It was undisputed that the appellant had already
paid $32,916. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Statement of Claim at [6].

The respondent commenced an action in the District Court, for the balance that
they claim is due to them under the Contract, in the sum of $101,206.

Decision below

9 The DJ held that the appellant was not entitled to hold the respondent in
breach of the Contract. He found that it was the appellant who was in breach
when they failed to pay the respondent for the work already done to develop
the app for the Android and iPad platforms, and that the appellant ought to
have allowed the respondent to develop the app for iPhones. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Zimerick LLP v Tan Peng Kwang t/a Europe Mini Holiday [2020] SGDC 248 at [10].

10 The DJ found that the UAT had been passed, satisfying the last payment
milestone under the Contract. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Zimerick LLP v Tan Peng Kwang t/a Europe Mini Holiday [2020] SGDC 248 at [23].

At the trial, the appellant sought to rely on the documentary evidence of one
Derique Yeo (“Derique”) regarding the quality of the app. Derique was not
willing to give evidence in court. There was no evidence that the appellant
sought a subpoena to compel him to come to the court. The DJ found that
Derique’s documents were inadmissible, and even if admissible, very little
weight would be ascribed to them given Derique’s absence from court. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Zimerick LLP v Tan Peng Kwang t/a Europe Mini Holiday [2020] SGDC 248 at [26].

11 The DJ relied on the evidence of the respondent’s expert witness in finding
that the value of the missing iPhone component was about 5% of the total
project cost. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Zimerick LLP v Tan Peng Kwang t/a Europe Mini Holiday [2020] SGDC 248 at [24].

12 The DJ gave judgment for the respondent for 95% of the sum claimed, giving
a 5% deduction for the non-development of the app for use on iPhones. The DJ
found that the appellant was unable to prove their counterclaim and dismissed
it. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Zimerick LLP v Tan Peng Kwang t/a Europe Mini Holiday [2020] SGDC 248 at [30].

Issues arising in the appeal

13 According to the appellant, the appeal should be allowed as the DJ erred
in:

(a) finding that the appellant did not give the respondent a chance to develop
the omitted iPhone application and that it was the appellant who was in breach
of the Contract;

(b) finding that the UAT had indeed been carried out;

(c) finding that the value of the iPhone component was 5% of the total project
cost;

(d) disregarding the evidence of Derique; and

(e) accepting the evidence of the respondent’s expert witness. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Appellant’s Written Submissions at [17] and [35].

My decision

14 In my view, the points of appeal raised by the appellant fold into three
main questions:

(a) whether the appellant had the right to terminate the Contract;

(b) whether the app has passed the UAT; and

(c) whether the respondent was entitled to 95% of the project cost.

Whether the appellant had the right to terminate the contract

15 The first question is whether the appellant had the right to terminate the
Contract, simply because of the missing iPhone app.

16 The appellant submits that the failure to develop the iPhone app was a
material breach of the Contract, as Clause 2.1 of the Work Order requires the
respondent to “[d]evelop Europe Mini Holiday mobile app for iOS 7.0 – 7.0.2
for iPad, iPad mini and iPhone.” 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Appellant’s Written Submissions at [18].

17 While Clause 2.1 of the Work Order requires the development of the app for
iPhone use, there is no clause in the Contract stating that the non-
development of this would be a material breach. The respondent did not refuse
to develop the iPhone App. They stated that they were willing and able to do
so, but also asked for payment for the work already done. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Affidavit of Quek Choon Yang dated 13 March 2019 at page 178; Record of Appeal
at page 452.

18 Further, the respondent’s expert witness testified that the iPhone app
could have been added in with minimal costs, in March to April 2015, when the
Android and iPad apps were developed, and that the value of the iPhone
component was about 5% of the total project cost. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Affidavit of Tung Kum Hoe, Anthony dated 13 March 2019 at [6].

19 In their submissions, the appellant raised questions about the assumptions
underlying the evidence of the respondent’s expert. These questions could have
been put to the expert had the appellant chosen to cross-examine him, but the
appellant did not. The appellant could also have called his own expert to
testify, but the appellant did not. While a trial judge is not duty bound to
accept unchallenged evidence, neither is he constrained from doing so. I saw
no reason to disturb the DJ’s acceptance of the expert’s evidence on these
points.

20 On the evidence, the omission of the iPhone component did not affect the
appellant’s substantial benefit under the Contract. I agree with the DJ that
the appellant did not have the right to terminate the Contract, simply because
of the missing iPhone app.

Whether the app passed the UAT

21 The main issue raised by the appellant was the DJ’s award of 95% of the
respondent’s claim for work done for the Android and iPad platforms. The
appellant initially submitted that the key legal question for this issue is
whether the Contract is divisible, so as to allow for partial payment.

22 In my judgment, there is a more straightforward starting point from which
to address this issue, namely whether the payment milestones under Clause 9 of
the Work Order have been met. In particular, has the app passed the UAT? If it
did, the respondent would have met all the payment milestones under the
Contract and be entitled to 100% of his claim, with deductions for work not
done for the iPhone app. I note that in the course of their oral submissions,
both counsel agreed that this is the key question for this issue, not the
question of whether the Contract is divisible.

23 The DJ found that the app had passed the UAT. Was he wrong in making this
finding?

24 The appellant pointed to the absence of a signed UAT acceptance form. It is
undisputed that a UAT form would be signed by both parties, upon the testing
of the app, to indicate that the app was developed and was usable. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Transcript dated 28 January 2020, Record of Appeal at page 788, lns 17-23.

While the presence of a signed UAT acceptance form is evidence that the UAT
was carried out, its absence, without more, does not affirm that the UAT was
not carried out. This is where the rest of the evidence is relevant.

25 Both counsel verified in the course of oral submissions, that the following
are undisputed:

(a) Clause 5 of the Work Order, which sets out the preliminary project
schedule as agreed by the parties, indicates that the “User acceptance test”
will take place in Week 23, following which there is the “[c]ompletion of
system and ‘go live’” in Week 24; 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Record of Appeal at page 198.

(b) the respondent sent an email to the appellant on 9 February 2015, stating
that “since the app is live”, the appellant “may create contents and set the
Access to ‘Hidden’ so that [his] draft contents will not be visible in the
app”; 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Record of Appeal at page 474.

(c) from 9 February 2015 to 9 April 2015, the appellant logged into the app at
least 302 times; 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Respondent’s Core Bundle at pages 214–231.

(d) the app went live on the Apple App store for the iPad platform on 3 March
2015; 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Record of Appeal at page 442.

and

(e) there were no communications from the appellant saying that the UAT had
not been passed or that the app was not live. Instead in his email dated 17
April 2015, the appellant asked for the missing iPhone app and for the
respondent to complete it by 4 May 2015 with the UAT test. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Record of Appeal at page 639.

26 The respondent also pointed out that the missing iPhone app came to light
on 3 March 2015 and the log sheets show that since 10 March 2015, the
appellant actively used the app. For example, the log sheet showed the
following activity by the appellant on 26 March 2015 at 18:36 hours: “Johnny
Tan”;“Add TopLevel”; “Tag Remembering Lee Kuan Yew for TopLevel”. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Record of Appeal at page 320.

27 A related issue to the question of whether the app had passed the UAT is
the admissibility of Derique’s evidence. Derique was the respondent’s project
manager. At the trial, the appellant sought to admit Derique’s WhatsApp
messages and emails regarding the quality of the app. The DJ declined to admit
these documents on the ground that they are hearsay evidence. The DJ observed
that even if Derique’s evidence were admissible, very little weight would be
ascribed to such documentary evidence in the absence of Derique from the
court.

28 The appellant relied on Gimpex Ltd v Unity Holdings Business Ltd and others
and another appeal [2015] 2 SLR 686 (“Gimpex”). There the Court of Appeal had
admitted hearsay evidence under s 32(1)(j)(iv) of the Evidence Act (Cap 97,
1997 Rev Ed) (“Evidence Act”), which is an exception to the hearsay rule and
provides that the statement is admissible where the maker of the statement
“being competent but not compellable to give evidence on behalf of the party
desiring to give the statement in evidence”, refuses to do so. The respondent
rightly pointed out that in Gimpex, the Court of Appeal noted at [127] that
there was evidence of Gimpex Ltd’s attempts to procure the attendance of the
witness at trial. In contrast, while Derique had informed the appellant that
he “would like to be excluded”, the appellant did not follow up with him, nor
seek a subpoena. The burden is on the person seeking to rely on

  

s 32(1)(j) of the Evidence Act to prove the ground of unavailability and a
mere allegation of unavailability is not acceptable (see Gimpex at [97]). The
appellant has not discharged this burden of proof. I agree with the DJ’s
assessment that Derique’s evidence was inadmissible and even if admissible,
would carry very little weight.

29 Having reviewed the evidence, I agree with the DJ’s finding that the app
has passed the UAT.

Whether the respondent was entitled to 95% of the project cost

30 Pursuant to Clause 9 of the Work Order, the appellant is obliged to pay 40%
of the project cost when the app is ready for the UAT. Once the app has passed
the UAT, an obligation then arises on the part of the appellant to pay the
last 10% of the project cost. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Record of Appeal at page 199.

31 At the same time, the respondent had also warranted under Clause 4.2 of the
Agreement that if they are not able to correct non-compliance with the
Specifications, the respondent: 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Record of Appeal at page 193.

… may refund an equitable portion (e.g., having regard to the value of
Customer’s actual use already made of, or any benefits received by Customer …)
of the fee paid by Customer for such Deliverables, whereupon the same will be
deleted from the Deliverables.

32 The DJ’s decision to award 95% of the respondent’s claim is in line with
these two clauses of the Contract. The question of whether the DJ was right to
award 95% of the respondent’ claim, can hence be resolved as a matter of
contractual interpretation, relying on clauses squarely within the confines of
the Agreement, without getting into the appellant’s question about the
divisibility of contracts.

Quantum meruit

33 For completeness, I also examined the appellant’s argument against a claim
by the respondent for quantum meruit. The appellant relied on Rabiah Bee bte
Mohamed Ibrahim v Salem Ibrahim [2007] 2 SLR(R) 655 (“Rabiah”), citing the
portion at [123] which states that there cannot be a claim in quantum meruit
if there exists a contract for an agreed sum, and that there cannot be a claim
in restitution parallel to an inconsistent contractual promise between
parties. The appellant submits that since Clause 9 of the Work Order already
sets out the payment due on meeting specified payment milestones, the
respondent should not be allowed an inconsistent parallel claim in restitution
for quantum meruit. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Appellant’s Written Submissions at [42]–[44].

34 However, Rabiah also states at [123] that “where there is a contract which
states that there should be remuneration but does not fix the quantum, the
claim in quantum meruit will be contractual in nature.” In this case, Clause
6.4(d) of the Agreement states that in the event any Work Order is terminated,
the appellant is liable to “pay to Zimerick any fees, reimbursable expenses …
payable for Services performed under the terminated Work Order prior to the
effective date of the termination”. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Record of Appeal at page 194.

Clause 6.4(d) of the Agreement thus contractually provided for remuneration,
without fixing the quantum. The appellant submitted that Clause 6.4(d) should
be read with Clause 9 of the Work Order, which fixed the quantum based on the
milestones achieved, and hence there is only a fixed quantum of remuneration.
I am unable to agree with this, as such a limited reading of Clause 6.4(d)
would go against the plain language of Clause 6.4(d) and render it otiose.

35 The effect of Clause 6.4(d) is to place the respondent’s claim within the
proposition stated in [123] of Rabiah, of a quantum meruit claim that is
contractual in nature. Hence, Rabiah provides another legal basis for the DJ
to award the respondent partial payment for work that has been done, in a
manner that is aligned with the terms of the Contract.

Counterclaim

36 The appellant counterclaimed for various losses, but these are not
supported by evidence of the alleged loss. For example, the claims for staff
expenses were for existing staff. Neither was there evidence of engagement of
a photographer to support the claim for the same. The appellant also claimed
for losses arising from the withdrawal of the SPRING Singapore grant of
$17,916. However, it was the appellant who unilaterally decided to withdraw
from the SPRING Singapore grant. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Record of Appeal at page 692–694.

37 In any event, the appellant’s counterclaim is directly defeated by Clause
5.2 of the Agreement, which states that:

5.2 No Consequential Damages. EXCEPT WITH RESPECT TO A PARTY’S FRAUD, WILFUL
MISCONDUCT OR A BREACH OF THE CONFIDENTIALITY PROVISION OF THIS AGREEMENT
NEITHER PARTY’S [sic] WILL BE LIABLE FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR
INDIRECT DAMAGES OR FOR ANY LOSS OF PROFIT …

38 There is no evidence of fraud, wilful misconduct or breach of
confidentiality on the part of the respondent, that renders this clause
nugatory.

Conclusion and costs

39 Having reviewed the decision of the DJ, I affirmed the DJ’s award of 95% of
the respondent’s claim, factoring in a reduction of 5% for the non-development
of the app for iPhones. I also dismissed the appeal on the appellant’s
counterclaim.

40 I heard the parties on costs and awarded $5,000 to the respondent excluding
disbursements. I also ordered the security for the respondent’s cost of appeal
to be released to the respondent.

Kwek Mean Luck  
Judicial Commissioner |   
---|---  
  
Choh Thian Chee Irving, Oei Su-Ying Renee Nicolette and Melissa Kor (Optimus
Chambers LLC) for the appellant;

Alain Abraham Johns (Alain A Johns Partnership) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 24 Feb 2021 (17:58 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

