Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the COURT OF APPEAL of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGCA 74

Criminal Motion No 17 of 2021

Between

| Rahmat Bin Karimon  
---|---  
  
… Applicant

And

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

judgment

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Criminal review] — [Leave for review]

[Criminal Law] — [Statutory offences] — [Misuse of Drugs Act]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Rahmat bin Karimon

  
v

  

Public Prosecutor

[2021] SGCA 74

Court of Appeal — Criminal Motion No 17 of 2021  
Steven Chong JCA  
12 July 2021

5 August 2021 Judgment reserved.

Steven Chong JCA:

Introduction

1 This is an application by Rahmat bin Karimon (“Rahmat”) for leave under s
394H(1) of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed) (“CPC”) to review
an earlier judgment of the Court of Appeal in CA/CCA 49/2017, which was
reported in Zainal bin Hamad v Public Prosecutor and another appeal [2018] 2
SLR 1119 (“Rahmat (CA)”). This application is premised on the change of the
law brought about by the Court of Appeal’s decision in Gobi a/l Avedian v
Public Prosecutor [2021] 1 SLR 180 (“Gobi”) as regards the proper treatment of
the concept of wilful blindness in the context of the presumption under s
18(2) of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed) (“the MDA”) that any
person who is proved or presumed to possess a controlled drug shall be
presumed to have known the nature of the drug. In particular, the Court of
Appeal held in Gobi that the s 18(2) presumption cannot be invoked to presume
wilful blindness. Thus, following Gobi, the Prosecution cannot rely on the s
18(2) presumption to presume wilful blindness. In this application, Rahmat
submits that the Prosecution’s case in the trial below and on appeal was “in
substance” based on wilful blindness rather than on actual knowledge.
Consequently, the Prosecution could not have relied on the s 18(2)
presumption, and the trial judge’s (the “Judge”) and the Court of Appeal’s
findings that Rahmat could not rebut the s 18(2) presumption thus cannot
stand.

2 This is not the first application for leave to review a concluded criminal
appeal on the basis of the change of law in Gobi. In Datchinamurthy a/l
Kataiah v Public Prosecutor [2021] SGCA 30 (“Datchinamurthy”) and Khartik
Jasudass and another v Public Prosecutor [2021] SGCA 13 (“Khartik”), the
applicants in those cases similarly brought leave applications on the basis
that the s 18(2) presumption was not open to the Prosecution as the
Prosecution’s case at the trial had purportedly been based on wilful blindness
rather than on actual knowledge. Both of those leave applications failed
because this court found in those cases that the Prosecution’s cases and the
court’s decisions were in fact based on actual knowledge and not on wilful
blindness.

3 To succeed in a leave application under s 394H of the CPC, the application
must disclose a legitimate basis for the exercise of this court’s power of
review. The court hearing such a leave application would have to consider the
requirements set out in s 394J of the CPC. In particular, under s 394J(2),
there must be (a) “sufficient material on which the appellate court may
conclude” that (b) there has been “a miscarriage of justice” (Datchinamurthy
at [21]–[22]). These have come to be known as the “sufficiency” and
“miscarriage of justice” requirements respectively, and I shall refer to them
in this judgment as such. The present case presents a suitable opportunity for
this court to examine and clarify the contours of these requirements and the
respective roles they play in the leave application.

Factual and procedural background

Background facts

4 The factual background of Rahmat (CA) is relatively straightforward. At the
material time, Rahmat was employed as a runner for one “Kanna Gila” (“Kanna”)
who was in the business of illegal money-lending. Rahmat had known Kanna for a
period of less than two months prior to his arrest.

5 On 27 May 2015, sometime before 6.51pm, Rahmat entered Singapore from
Malaysia via the Woodlands Checkpoint in a car. He was with his wife and their
three children. Pursuant to Kanna’s earlier instructions, after entering
Singapore, Rahmat drove to Rochor Road where he met up with a male subject
known as “Bai”, who instructed Rahmat to meet Zainal bin Hamad (“Zainal”) at
the IKEA store located in Tampines, Singapore (“IKEA”). Rahmat was known to
Zainal as “Abang” and Zainal was known to Rahmat as “26”.

6 Rahmat and Zainal then met at the staircase on the second level of IKEA. At
about 8.35pm, Zainal passed S$8,000 to Rahmat. After which, Rahmat placed a
green bag (“Bag”) at the staircase landing in front of Zainal before leaving
IKEA. Rahmat then met up with his wife and children and drove the car with his
family to Woodlands Checkpoint. At the checkpoint, Rahmat and his wife were
arrested by officers of the Central Narcotics Bureau (“CNB”). Rahmat’s wife
was searched, and S$8,000 was found concealed in her brassiere. Rahmat had
passed the S$8,000 he received from Zainal to his wife and had told her to
conceal it in her brassiere whilst they were en route to Woodlands Checkpoint.

7 Zainal thereafter picked up the Bag and placed it in a warehouse located on
the second floor of IKEA. At about 9.25pm, CNB officers entered the warehouse
and arrested Zainal. The Bag was found to contain one red coloured plastic bag
containing three plastic packets of 1381.7g of granular/powdery substance (the
“Drugs”). The Drugs were subsequently found to contain not less than 53.64g of
diamorphine, a controlled drug. Neither Rahmat nor Zainal were authorised
under the MDA or the Regulations made thereunder to traffic or be in
possession of a controlled drug.

The trial and the trial judge’s decision

8 Rahmat was jointly tried with Zainal before the Judge. Zainal was charged
with having not less than 53.64g of diamorphine in his possession for the
purpose of trafficking under s 5(l)(a) read with s 5(2) and punishable under s
33(1) of the MDA, while Rahmat was charged with trafficking in not less than
53.64g of diamorphine under s 5(1)(a) and punishable under s 33(1) of the MDA.

9 At the trial, the Prosecution had run three arguments in its closing
submissions: (a) Rahmat could not rebut the s 18(2) presumption of knowledge;
alternatively, (b) Rahmat was either wilfully blind or (c) had actual
knowledge that the Bag contained diamorphine. Rahmat’s defence was that he
believed that he was carrying medicine.

10 The Judge convicted Zainal and Rahmat of their respective charges and
imposed the mandatory sentence of death on them, as no certificate of
substantive assistance was provided. The Judge’s decision is reported in
Public Prosecutor v Rahmat bin Karimon and another [2018] 5 SLR 641 (“Rahmat
(HC)”). The Judge noted that the Prosecution’s primary case was that Rahmat
could not rebut the s 18(2) presumption of knowledge (Rahmat (HC) at [15]).
The Judge also noted that the Prosecution had run an “alternative” case that
Rahmat was “either wilfully blind or had actual knowledge of the nature of the
Drugs” (Rahmat (HC) at [16]). The Judge found that Rahmat failed to rebut the
s 18(2) presumption (Rahmat (HC) at [60]); and that actual knowledge and
wilful blindness had been separately proven beyond a reasonable doubt (Rahmat
(HC) at [61] and [65] respectively).

The appeal and the Court of Appeal’s decision

11 On 11 September 2018, the Court of Appeal dismissed both Zainal’s and
Rahmat’s appeals against conviction, and delivered its grounds of decision
(“GD”) in Rahmat (CA) on 3 October 2018. There is no suggestion in this
application that the Court of Appeal’s GD in Rahmat (CA) had inaccurately
recorded the parties’ respective cases. While Rahmat challenged all three
aspects of the Judge’s findings in his written submissions, for the appeal
hearing, he chose, as it was his prerogative, to focus on his sole defence
that the s 18(2) presumption of knowledge had been rebutted. This was
explicitly noted in Rahmat (CA) at [30]. On this basis, the Court of Appeal
held that Rahmat had failed to rebut the s 18(2) presumption of knowledge
(Rahmat (CA) at [36]).

Subsequent events

12 On 21 January 2020, an order under s 313(f) of the CPC was issued by the
President of the Republic of Singapore for the sentence of death pronounced on
Rahmat to be carried into effect on 14 February 2020. Pursuant to s 313(g) of
the CPC, a warrant was then issued by the Chief Justice authorising and
requiring the Commissioner of Prisons to carry the sentence of death into
execution. On 11 February 2020, the President of the Republic of Singapore, in
accordance with Art 22P(1) of the Constitution of the Republic of Singapore
(1985 Rev Ed, 1999 Reprint) and s 313(h) of the CPC, ordered a respite of the
execution of the said warrant pending any further order.

13 On 20 February 2020, the Court of Appeal granted leave to the applicant in
Gobi to make a criminal review application. On 19 October 2020, the Court of
Appeal’s decision on the criminal review application in Gobi was delivered.
Following the Court of Appeal’s decision in Gobi, the Attorney-General’s
Chambers wrote to Rahmat’s counsel, Mr Jason Chan SC (“Mr Chan”), on 2
December 2020, stating that, in view of Gobi, the Prosecution was of the view
that it would be “prudent” for Rahmat to “undertake [his] own review of the
record of proceedings” to consider how, if at all, the decision in Gobi could
affect him. Rahmat then filed the present criminal motion on 21 April 2021.
Under s 394H(6)(a) of the CPC, such a leave application is to be heard by a
single Judge sitting in the Court of Appeal where the appellate court in
question is the Court of Appeal. It is on this basis that I am determining
this leave application.

Applicable law

14 It first bears emphasis that the review process is directed at the earlier
decision of the appellate court, ie, the decision of the Court of Appeal in
Rahmat (CA): see ss 394F(1), 394G(1) and 394J(5) of the CPC. The focus of any
application for leave to commence a review application should, thus, be on the
relevant appellate court’s decision, which is the decision that must be shown
to be demonstrably wrong to establish a miscarriage of justice (Datchinamurthy
at [25]).

15 Following the seminal decision in Kreetharan s/o Kathireson v Public
Prosecutor and other matters [2020] 2 SLR 1175 at [17], it is now settled that
an application for leave to commence a review application under s 394H of the
CPC must disclose a “legitimate basis” for the exercise of the court’s power
of review. This requires a consideration of the requirements set out in s 394J
of the CPC, including the sufficiency and miscarriage of justice requirements.

16 For the material to be “sufficient”, it must satisfy all the requirements
set out in ss 394J(3)(a) to 394J(3)(c): (a) before the filing of the
application for leave to make the review application, the material has not
been canvassed at any stage of the said criminal matter; (b) the material
could not have been adduced in court earlier even with reasonable diligence;
and (c) the material is compelling, in that it is reliable, substantial,
powerfully probative and capable of showing almost conclusively that there has
been a miscarriage of justice in the said criminal matter. Where the material
consists of legal arguments, s 394J(4) imposes an additional requirement that
it must be based on a change in the law that arose from any decision made by a
court after the conclusion of all proceedings relating to the said criminal
matter (see also Datchinamurthy at [21] to [22]). It is not disputed in this
case that the decision in Gobi was made after the conclusion of Rahmat (CA)
(see [11] and [13] above).

17 It should, however, be highlighted that the mere fact that there has been a
change in the law does not, in and of itself, justify the reopening of a
concluded criminal appeal (Gobi at [26]). This is where the miscarriage of
justice requirement is material. It is not necessary for the court to conclude
that there has in fact been a miscarriage of justice. There only needs to be
sufficient material on which the court “may” conclude that there has been a
miscarriage of justice. That being said, the court may only come to that
conclusion if the decision in the criminal appeal that is sought to be
reopened is “demonstrably wrong” (see s 394J(5)(a), CPC), in that the court
finds it apparent, based only on the evidence tendered in support of the
review application and without any further inquiry, that there is a “powerful
probability” – and not just a “real possibility” – that that decision is wrong
(see ss 394J(6)(a) and 394J(6)(b), CPC). Alternatively, the court may conclude
that there has been a miscarriage of justice if the earlier decision is
“tainted by fraud or a breach of the rules of natural justice” (see s
394J(5)(b), CPC).

The parties’ cases in this application

18 Rahmat submits that the Prosecution’s entire case at the trial, including
its arguments on the s 18(2) presumption, was “in substance” based on wilful
blindness in the “extended” sense, which is a mental state that is factually
short of actual knowledge because the accused did not in fact know the true
position but sufficiently suspected it and deliberately refused to
investigate, even though he could have done so, in order to avoid confirmation
of his own suspicions. This is to be contrasted with wilful blindness in the
“evidential” sense, which is inferred actual knowledge (see Adili Chibuike
Ejike v Public Prosecutor [2019] 2 SLR 254 (“Adili”) at [41]–[50] in the
context of s 18(1) of the MDA, which was subsequently applied to s 18(2) of
the MDA in Gobi at [98(c)]). In this judgment, I shall refer to wilful
blindness in the “extended” sense simply as “wilful blindness”.

19 Rahmat submits that, following Gobi, the Prosecution’s case on Rahmat’s
wilful blindness must be proven beyond reasonable doubt, and the Prosecution
could not have recourse to the s 18(2) presumption. Rahmat submits that this
is because the Court of Appeal in Gobi held at [56] that “the doctrine of
wilful blindness … should not feature in the analysis of whether the s 18(2)
presumption has been rebutted” [emphasis added]. Rahmat’s case is that this
change in the law brought about by Gobi is not confined to only preclude the
Prosecution from relying on the s 18(2) presumption to presume wilful
blindness. Rahmat’s counsel, Mr Chan, seeks to persuade this court that the
holding in Gobi at [56] extends to preclude the doctrine of wilful blindness
from featuring in the analysis on the applicability of the presumption
irrespective of whether the presumption was in fact relied on to presume
wilful blindness.

20 The Prosecution submits that its case at the trial and on appeal was based
on actual knowledge. The s 18(2) presumption was relied on to presume actual
knowledge. Likewise, wilful blindness was relied on in the “evidential sense”,
ie, inferred actual knowledge, to demonstrate that Rahmat had actual knowledge
of the drugs.

Issues to be determined

21 The principal issue in this application is whether there is a legitimate
basis for the court to exercise its power of review. To determine this, it is
necessary to examine whether the sufficiency and miscarriage of justice
requirements have both been satisfied. The present application provides an apt
occasion to clarify the sufficiency requirement under s 394J(2) of the CPC.

Sufficiency requirement

Composite requirement

22 The first important point to note regarding s 394J(2) of the CPC is that,
while it is conceptually neat to analyse the sufficiency and miscarriage of
justice requirements as two discrete elements, it is also important to bear in
mind that, ultimately, s 394J(2) lays down a composite requirement. This is
why s 394J(3)(c) mandates that the new material is only sufficient if it is
“capable of showing almost conclusively that there has been a miscarriage of
justice” [emphasis added].

Relevancy threshold

23 This leads to the next important question: how does the court assess if a
change in the law is “capable of showing” that there has been a miscarriage of
justice in any given case? It appears from the earlier cases that the court
has taken different paths to address this issue.

24 In Gobi, Tay Yong Kwang JCA summarily allowed the leave application without
written grounds. As such, his specific approach to the twin requirements is
not apparent from his decision. However, in Gobi, it was clear that the Court
of Appeal’s decision in Adili in relation to the doctrine of wilful blindness
under s 18(1) of the MDA would be relevant, at least prima facie, to show that
the Prosecution should not have been permitted to invoke the presumption under
s 18(2) at the trial when its case there was run on the basis of wilful
blindness, and so it was never put to the accused that he did not believe that
the drugs in his possession were “disco drugs” mixed with chocolate and not
diamorphine. By the time of the appeal, the Prosecution ran its case on the
basis of actual knowledge but it was not pointed out to the court either by
the Prosecution or the Defence at the appeal that the accused had not been
challenged at the trial on this point. Therefore, in Gobi, the change in the
law brought about by Adili was clearly prima facie relevant to affect the
decision in the original appeal in Gobi and thus capable of showing almost
conclusively that there has been a miscarriage of justice.

25 In Khartik, the applicant only challenged the trial judge’s, as opposed to
the Court of Appeal’s, findings. This was perhaps understandable since the
Court of Appeal did not issue a judgment. As pointed out in Khartik at [8],
the Court of Appeal in dismissing the appeal merely stated that there was no
reason to disturb the trial judge’s finding that the accused had failed to
rebut the s 18(2) presumption. In opposing the leave application, the
Prosecution submitted that the sufficiency requirement was not satisfied
(Khartik at [11]). Tay JCA found the applicant’s attempt to “recast” the
judge’s finding to be one of wilful blindness to be unmeritorious. Tay JCA
found that the Prosecution’s case at the trial was one of actual knowledge of
the nature of the drugs and held at [28] and [32] of Khartik that the
miscarriage of justice requirement was not satisfied.

26 In Datchinamurthy, Chao Hick Tin SJ explicitly noted that the Prosecution
did not dispute that the legal principles articulated in Gobi would constitute
“sufficient” material” (Datchinamurthy at [26]). In other words, it was common
ground between the parties that the sufficiency requirement was satisfied. On
this basis, Chao SJ considered that the “central issue” was whether there was
a miscarriage of justice. To determine this issue, Chao SJ considered (a) the
Prosecution’s case at the trial; (b) the trial judge’s decision; and (c) the
Court of Appeal’s decision, though Chao SJ stressed that the miscarriage of
justice must arise from the Court of Appeal’s decision, rather than the
decision of the trial judge (Datchinamurthy at [34]). Chao SJ dismissed the
leave application as he found that the Prosecution’s case at the trial, the
trial judge’s decision, and the Court of Appeal’s decision had all been based
on actual knowledge (specifically, the s 18(2) presumption to presume actual
knowledge) rather than wilful blindness short of actual knowledge
(Datchinamurthy at [28], [40], [43] and [49]). In short, the application was
dismissed for failing to satisfy the “miscarriage of justice” requirement.

27 Khartik and Datchinamurthy share one significant common denominator with
the present application. They all claimed that the Prosecution’s case at the
trial and the ensuing decisions were premised on the reliance of the s 18(2)
presumption to presume wilful blindness.

28 In my judgment, it is clear from the text of s 394J(3)(c) of the CPC that
the sufficiency requirement has a relevancy threshold, ie, the change in the
law must be prima facie relevant to show that the appellate court’s decision
is demonstrably wrong. This is because s 394J(3)(c) mandates that the new
material must be “capable of showing almost conclusively that there has been a
miscarriage of justice” [emphasis added]. This must be so because, if the new
material is not relevant to the application, it would necessarily be incapable
of showing conclusively that there has been a miscarriage of justice. Mr Chan
accepted this at the hearing before me. The sufficiency requirement is not
limited to examine the probative weight of the new material because, if it
were otherwise, any change of law would invariably satisfy the sufficiency
requirement since any such change would by definition be “reliable” and
“powerfully probative”. This can be illustrated, for instance, by considering
hypothetically if Rahmat had relied on the change in the law brought about by
Ramesh a/l Perumal v Public Prosecutor and another appeal [2019] 1 SLR 1003
(“Ramesh”), which held that a bailee’s act of returning drugs to a supplier
would not be considered drug trafficking. Since Rahmat (CA) did not concern a
bailee situation at all, the change of the law brought about by Ramesh would
have no prima facie relevance to the leave application. In my view, Rahmat has
to show that the change in law brought about by Gobi is prima facie relevant
to affect or disturb the appellate court’s findings in Rahmat (CA). It is thus
imperative for Rahmat to demonstrate that the Judge and the Court of Appeal
had relied on the s 18(2) presumption to presume wilful blindness in finding
that the presumption had not been rebutted.

The Court of Appeal’s decision in Rahmat (CA)

29 In my judgment, Rahmat has failed to show any prima facie relevance of the
decision in Gobi to affect the decision in Rahmat (CA). To determine if Gobi
is relevant, it is of vital importance to examine the Court of Appeal’s
decision in Rahmat (CA). In particular, did the Court of Appeal rely on s
18(2) of the MDA to presume wilful blindness, which is now impermissible
following Gobi?

30 In this connection, it is essential to examine how Rahmat has relied on
Gobi to mount his leave application. He relies principally on [56] of Gobi,
which I shall set out below in full:

56 Accordingly, we hold that the knowledge that is presumed under s 18(2) is
confined to actual knowledge of the nature of the drugs in the accused
person’s possession, and does not encompass knowledge of matters to which the
accused person is said to be wilfully blind. It follows that the Prosecution
is not permitted to invoke the s 18(2) presumption to presume that the accused
person was wilfully blind to the nature of the drugs in his possession, and
the doctrine of wilful blindness is therefore irrelevant to and should not
feature in the analysis of whether the s 18(2) presumption has been rebutted.
Where the Prosecution’s case is that the accused person was wilfully blind to
the nature of the drugs in his possession, it must prove beyond a reasonable
doubt that the accused person was wilfully blind to that fact, such that he
should be treated at law as though he had actual knowledge of that fact. These
are discrete inquiries which ought not to be conflated. We discuss the
elements of wilful blindness in the context of knowledge of the nature of the
drugs at [76]–[96] below.

[emphasis in original omitted; emphasis added in italics]

31 The key holding at [56] of Gobi is that s 18(2) cannot be used to presume
wilful blindness. Mr Chan submits that [56] of Gobi also imports a separate
prohibition in that wilful blindness “should not feature” in the analysis of
whether the s 18(2) presumption has been rebutted. However, the point that
wilful blindness should not “feature” in the analysis of whether s 18(2) is
rebutted is merely a corollary of the main holding that s 18(2) cannot be
invoked to presume wilful blindness. In other words, [56] of Gobi holds that,
if the Prosecution cannot rely on s 18(2) to presume wilful blindness, then
wilful blindness should not feature in its analysis of s 18(2). These two
points are, essentially, two sides of the same coin. This is why that sentence
at [56] of Gobi is preceded with the observation that the doctrine of wilful
blindness “is therefore irrelevant to and should not feature” in the s 18(2)
analysis [emphasis added].

32 Bearing this in mind, this application can only succeed if Rahmat can show
that the Court of Appeal had relied on s 18(2) to presume wilful blindness.
However, a plain review of Rahmat (CA) will reveal that the Court of Appeal’s
dismissal of Rahmat’s appeal was based on its finding that the s 18(2)
presumption of actual knowledge had not been rebutted:

30 We turn to Rahmat’s appeal. Mr Jason Chan (“Mr Chan”), counsel for Rahmat,
accepted that Rahmat was in possession of the green bag and of the drugs; his
defence was solely to attempt to rebut the presumption of knowledge under s
18(2) of the MDA. We refer in this connection to what we have said at [23]
above on the appropriate analytical framework to be adopted in such
circumstances.

31 The objective facts are that Rahmat delivered the green bag to Zainal and,
in exchange, collected $8,000 from Zainal. Rahmat needed to address both these
facts in order for his appeal to succeed.

32 Mr Chan advanced two arguments. … as a preliminary point, we observed, and
Mr Chan candidly accepted, that Rahmat’s evidence was afflicted with many
inconsistencies. …

33 On the first argument, Rahmat’s case was that he had been a runner for
Kanna’s illegal moneylending business … and [Kanna] told him that he could
have such a loan [of RM30,000] interest-free, repayable over five years and
also that he could leave Kanna’s syndicate. All he had to do was to bring some
medicine to someone in Singapore called Bai and then collect $8,000 from
Zainal.

34 We found this incredible. …

35 Turning to the second argument, Rahmat said he thought he was carrying
medicines but this too was incredible …

36 For all these reasons, we were satisfied that Rahmat too had failed to
rebut the presumption of knowledge under s 18(2) of the MDA. Since he
delivered the drugs to Zainal, there was no doubt that he was trafficking. We
therefore dismissed Rahmat’s appeal also.

[emphasis added]

33 Unlike Gobi, where the trial was run on the basis of wilful blindness while
the case on appeal was run on the basis of actual knowledge, here the Judge
found that the presumption of actual knowledge under s 18(2) had not been
rebutted by Rahmat in addition to wilful blindness. Tellingly, Rahmat had
approached his appeal on the basis that he had rebutted the s 18(2)
presumption of knowledge, as is clear from [30] of the GD in Rahmat (CA).
Thus, this application is a non-starter and Rahmat’s arguments on the
potential application of Gobi to Rahmat (CA) are entirely misconceived.

34 It bears mention that the Prosecution’s case on appeal was in response to
Rahmat’s case, which focused on the Judge’s findings that the s 18(2)
presumption of actual knowledge had not been rebutted (Rahmat (CA) at [30];
see [32] above). As explained above, it is of paramount importance to first
identify what the presumption was used for. As it was relied on by the
Prosecution to presume actual knowledge and not wilful blindness, the change
in the law in Gobi would have no relevance at all to the leave application.

35 Consistent with Rahmat’s case on appeal in seeking to rebut the presumption
of knowledge, the Prosecution in response submitted that Rahmat could not
rebut the s 18(2) presumption (which was used to presume actual knowledge) or
that Rahmat had actual knowledge of the nature of the drug. This is evident
from the following paragraphs of the Prosecution’s appeal submissions:

104 … As such, the Judge found that Rahmat had both actual and presumed
knowledge of the Drugs. …

116 … the Judge rightly concluded that Rahmat had actual knowledge of the
Drugs, and in any event, could not rebut the presumption of knowledge under
Section 18(2) of the MDA. …

121 The suspicious nature of the transaction would be apparent to Rahmat by
the time he left the Bag with Zainal. Rahmat's decision to proceed with the
transaction evinces his knowledge of its illicit nature. In the circumstances,
he cannot rebut the presumption of knowledge under section 18(2) of the MDA.

122 … Rahmat apparently made no enquiries about this further onward delivery,
nor did he ask about the identity of this '26'. The layers of secrecy
shrouding the transaction would give any reasonable person cause to pause and
make further enquiries. Rahmat's failure to do so strongly suggests that he
was well aware of the illicit nature of the present transaction.

132 Rahmat's attempt to deny knowledge of the Drugs is both illogical and
fraught with material inconsistencies. The result is an inherently incredible
account that involves Rahmat (a) turning a blind eye to the most suspicious of
circumstances, and (b) being in a selective state of shock which affects only
specific and material portions of his investigation statements. The Judge was
amply justified in rejecting Rahmat's account and finding that he had
knowledge, whether actual or presumed, of the Drugs. …

[emphasis added]

36 Paragraphs 121 and 122 of the Prosecution’s appeal submissions are of
particular significance as they clearly show that the Prosecution’s primary
case was based on actual knowledge: the Prosecution’s acceptance that Rahmat
did not check the contents of the bag was not to show that Rahmat did not know
what was in the bag; on the contrary, the Prosecution’s case was that Rahmat
did not check the contents of the bag because he already knew what it
contained, viz, diamorphine. Paragraph 132 also shows that the Prosecution had
submitted that Rahmat’s claim that he had turned a blind eye was “inherently
incredible”, ie, the Prosecution did not accept this as the truth, and that
the Judge was right to reject Rahmat’s account.

37 Therefore, it is clear that the Court of Appeal’s decision in Rahmat (CA)
was based on the appellant’s failure to rebut the s 18(2) presumption of
actual knowledge, and that both the Prosecution and Rahmat had approached the
appeal on the same basis.

The Prosecution’s case at trial

38 In this application, as was the case in Khartik, Rahmat devotes his focus
to the Prosecution’s case at the trial. However, as was emphasised recently in
Datchinamurthy (see [14] above), it should not be overlooked that the decision
being challenged in a criminal review application is the appellate court’s
decision. The Prosecution’s case at the trial and the trial judge’s decision
are only relevant to the extent that they inform the context behind the
appellate court’s decision. The Prosecution’s case at the trial and the trial
judge’s holding would bear significance where the Prosecution had changed its
case from the trial to appeal, as was the case in Gobi, because the change in
the Prosecution’s case (from one of wilful blindness at the trial to actual
knowledge on appeal) might prejudice the accused person. This was not the case
here as shown below.

39 The Prosecution’s primary case at the trial was likewise based, inter alia,
on actual knowledge, specifically, that the s 18(2) presumption of knowledge
had not been rebutted.

Prosecution’s put questions and cross-examination of Rahmat

40 In Adili and Gobi, as the Prosecution had accepted at the trial that the
accused did not know that the delivered package contained drugs or had not
challenged the accused on his claim that he did not know the nature of the
drug, it followed that it was no longer open to the Prosecution to either
prove actual knowledge or rely on the presumption to presume actual knowledge.
In that situation, the Prosecution was limited to only one remaining basis to
prove the charge – proof of wilful blindness and, in that respect, reliance on
the presumption was precluded.

41 Mr Chan, in his effort to draw a parallel with Adili and/or Gobi, relied on
the Prosecution’s put to Rahmat that “all [his] statements to IO Shafiq [ie,
the investigation officer who took Rahmat’s statements] were accurately
recorded”, and, in Rahmat’s cautioned statement recorded by IO Shafiq, Rahmat
had stated that “[he] really [did not] know what was inside the bag.” However,
unlike Adili and Gobi, the put question was to the effect that Rahmat’s
statements were accurately recorded and not that his statements were true. I
agree with the Prosecution that the main reason it was put to Rahmat that his
statements were recorded accurately was because Rahmat had claimed at the
trial that there were inaccuracies in the statement recording and that his
court testimony should be preferred. It was in that context that the
Prosecution put to Rahmat that he had, inter alia, lied in his contemporaneous
statements about receiving S$8,000 from Kanna, instead of Zainal, so as to
distance himself from the transaction. The put question to Rahmat that he had
lied in his contemporaneous statement would put paid to Rahmat’s submission
that the Prosecution had accepted his statements to be true. It was thus
misleading for Rahmat to suggest that, because it was put to Rahmat that the
statements were accurately recorded, the Prosecution had therefore accepted
the truth of his statements in particular that he did not know the contents in
the bag.

Prosecution’s trial submissions

42 The Prosecution’s trial submissions also make it clear that its primary
case was that the s 18(2) presumption of knowledge had not been rebutted, and
that its case on wilful blindness (which was not based on the s 18(2)
presumption) was an alternative case.

(a) At paragraph 24, the Prosecution’s case was that “Rahmat had failed to
rebut the presumption of knowledge given the suspicious circumstances
surrounding the collection and subsequent delivery of the Drugs to Zainal”
[emphasis added].

(b) At paragraph 32, the Prosecution submitted that “Rahmat has given wildly
inconsistent accounts” and his “bare allegation” that he was delivering
medicine “is insufficient to surmount the threshold to rebut the s 18(2) MDA
presumption” and “close scrutiny of the suspicious circumstances of the
transaction will reveal that he was either wilfully blind or had in fact,
actual knowledge of the heroin that was delivered to Zainal” [emphasis added].
The emphasised portion of the foregoing line shows clearly, as the Judge had
pointed out (see [10] above), that the Prosecution’s case on wilful blindness
was alternative to its primary case relying on s 18(2) to presume actual
knowledge.

43 Notwithstanding the clear direction of the Prosecution’s submissions at the
trial, Rahmat submits that the Prosecution had “featured” wilful blindness in
its analysis on s 18(2) in its trial closing submissions at paragraph 36:

36\. The veracity of Rahmat’s bare assertion is highly suspect given the
apparent and callous disregard as to the nature of the items he was carrying.
In conjunction with the arguments pertaining to the display of wilful
blindness highlighted below, Rahmat cannot be said to have successfully
rebutted the presumption under s 18(2) of the MDA.

44 Mr Chan focused on the fact that the Prosecution had approached its
analysis on s 18(2) “in conjunction with the arguments pertaining to the
display of wilful blindness”. However, this sentence has to be seen in its
proper context. The line immediately preceding states that “[t]he veracity of
Rahmat’s bare assertion is highly suspect given the apparent and callous
disregard as to the nature of the items he was carrying” [emphasis added]. The
Prosecution’s submissions on wilful blindness were focused on Rahmat’s
inconsistent and unbelievable accounts. Therefore, the allusion to the
Prosecution’s arguments on wilful blindness at [43] above was made with
reference to Rahmat’s incredible and inconsistent defence. Indeed, this was
also how the Judge approached the s 18(2) analysis, as he found that Rahmat
was unable to rebut the s 18(2) presumption of knowledge because his account
was inconsistent and incredible (see Rahmat (HC) at [49] and [58]). The
Judge’s analysis in this regard was also explicitly noted by the Court of
Appeal in Rahmat (CA) at [32].

45 It appears to me that Rahmat’s application is essentially mounted on an
ill-conceived argument by selectively choosing one aspect of the Prosecution’s
case at the trial, ie, proof of wilful blindness, and thereafter juxtaposing
that argument against another separate and independent argument based on the
presumption of knowledge under s 18(2). In so doing, he conflated two distinct
arguments into one. This juxtaposition is fatally flawed because the
Prosecution’s reliance on the s 18(2) presumption was, in any event, to
presume actual knowledge and not wilful blindness. What Rahmat has effectively
sought to do is to reconstruct the Prosecution’s case at the trial and in so
doing recast the decision of the Judge in order to invoke the change of the
law in Gobi so as to persuade this court that there is compelling new material
to demonstrate a miscarriage of justice. As alluded to at [33] above, Rahmat
was clearly cognisant that s 18(2) was relied on to presume actual knowledge
and, significantly, he had sought to rebut the s 18(2) presumption of
knowledge at the trial and on appeal.

46 In the circumstances, there can be no basis to show that Gobi is “capable”
of showing almost conclusively that there has been a miscarriage of justice in
the court’s decision in Rahmat (CA).

Conclusion

47 Accordingly, I find that the sufficiency requirement has not been
satisfied. There is thus no question of any miscarriage of justice.
Consequently, the application is dismissed.

Steven Chong  
Justice of the Court of Appeal|  
---|---  
  
Chan Tai-Hui Jason SC, Leong Yi-Ming, Zeslene Mao Huijing, Tan Xue Yang (Allen
& Gledhill LLP) for the applicant;

Muhamad Imaduddien and Chin Jincheng (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the
respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 05 Aug 2021 (11:10 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

