Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the COURT OF APPEAL OF THE republic of singapore

[2021] SGCA 108

Criminal Appeal No 20 of 2021

Between

| Poh Yong Chuan  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

In the matter of Criminal Case No 33 of 2021

Between

Public Prosecutor  
---  
  
And

Poh Yong Chuan  
---  
  
EX TEMPORE JUDGMENT

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Sentencing] — [Appeals]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Poh Yong Chuan

  
v

  

Public Prosecutor

[2021] SGCA 108

Court of Appeal — Criminal Appeal No 20 of 2021  
Judith Prakash JCA, Steven Chong JCA and Chao Hick Tin SJ  
22 November 2021

22 November 2021

Judith Prakash JCA (delivering the judgment of the court ex tempore):

1 The appellant pleaded guilty to three proceeded charges under the Misuse of
Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed) (“MDA”) before the Judge and was accordingly
convicted on them. They comprised:

(a) A charge for possession of not less than 249.99g of methamphetamine
(“meth”) for the purpose of trafficking under s 5(1)(a) read with s 5(2) of
the MDA, punishable under s 33(1) of the MDA.

(b) A charge for consumption of meth under s 8(b)(ii) of the MDA, punishable
under s 33A(1) of the MDA.

(c) A charge for possession of not less than 24.03g of ketamine for the
purpose of trafficking under s 5(1)(a) read with s 5(2) of the MDA, punishable
under s 33(4A)(i) of the MDA.

We refer to these three charges, in order, as “the meth trafficking charge”,
“the LT-1 charge” and “the ketamine trafficking charge”.

2 The Judge imposed the mandatory minimum imprisonment and caning sentence for
both the LT-1 charge and the ketamine trafficking charge (respectively, 5
years’ imprisonment and 3 strokes of the cane, and 10 years’ imprisonment and
10 strokes of the cane). As for the meth trafficking charge, the Judge imposed
an imprisonment sentence of 27 years and the mandatory minimum sentence of
caning, ie, 15 strokes of the cane. The Judge then ordered the sentences for
the LT-1 charge and the meth trafficking charge to run consecutively, with the
sentence for the ketamine charge running concurrently with the other two. The
global sentence was therefore 32 years’ imprisonment and the maximum of 24
strokes of the cane.

3 When he pleaded guilty, the appellant also consented for 13 other drug-
related charges to be taken into consideration for the purpose of sentencing.
They can be broadly grouped as follows:

(a) one offence of possessing 80.17g of MDMA for the purpose of trafficking
under s 5(1)(a) read with s 5(2) and punishable under s 33(4A)(i) of the MDA;

(b) eight offences of possessing controlled drugs under s 8(a) and punishable
under s 33(1) of the MDA;

(c) one offence of possessing utensils intended for the consumption of a
controlled drug under s 9 and punishable under s 33(1) of the MDA; and

(d) three offences of failing to report for urine testing under reg 15(3)(f)
and punishable under reg 15(6)(a) of the Misuse of Drugs (Approved
Institutions and Treatment and Rehabilitation) Regulations (Cap 185, Rg 3,
1999 Rev Ed).

4 The appellant mounts his appeal on the basis that the Judge’s sentence is
manifestly excessive in that it is unduly harsh. In the course of his oral
submissions, the appellant sought to lay blame for the result of the case on
the way in which his former counsel, Mr Lam Wai Seng, had conducted it. This
was not permissible because at the Case Management Conference on 28 September
2021, the appellant confirmed he was withdrawing his allegations against Mr
Lam and that he was not willing to waive solicitor-client privilege. As a
result, Mr Lam did not have a chance to reply to the appellant’s allegations.
The appellant could not then repeat them for the purpose of the appeal.

5 Further, some of the appellant’s oral submissions appeared to challenge the
facts of the case. However, when we asked him if he was withdrawing his guilty
plea, the appellant confirmed he was not. Therefore, the appeal proceeded on
that plea and the statement of facts as admitted.

6 Having regard to the various offences and the sentences imposed by the
Judge, two of which were the statutorily prescribed minimum sentences of
imprisonment, it is evident that the only possible reduction in the
appellant’s imprisonment sentence is in relation to the sentence of 27 years
imposed by the Judge for the meth trafficking charge. The charge concerned
249.99g of meth, a quantity of drugs just under the capital threshold of 250g.
Based purely on the large quantity of meth alone, the sentencing starting
point would be 29 years’ imprisonment and 15 strokes of the cane in accordance
with the sentencing framework laid out by this court in Adri Anton Kalangie v
Public Prosecutor [2018] 2 SLR 557 at [80]. This had been correctly identified
by the Judge in his oral judgment.

7 The appellant’s first argument that the Judge had failed to give adequate
weight to the relevant mitigating factors is unfounded. The appellant asserted
that he had “provided crucial information which led to the arrest of several
other individuals, including the seizure of a capital amount of drugs, which
in turn disrupted the influx of prohibited substances circulating in
Singapore”. While the Judge did not set out the details as to the information
which the appellant gave to the authorities, it is clear that the Judge had
taken the appellant’s efforts into account. The Judge noted that the
mitigating factors were that the appellant had pleaded guilty at the earliest
opportunity and that he had, to quote the Judge, rendered “undisputed
cooperation in the investigations”. Furthermore, it is evident that great
weight had been accorded to these mitigating factors because the Judge then
went on to reduce the indicative starting imprisonment sentence for the meth
trafficking charge from 29 years to 27.5 years despite the presence of four
serious aggravating factors, as follows:

(a) The appellant was a recalcitrant drug offender and the charges pointed to
a clear escalation in the appellant’s criminal offending over the years as
they showed that he had progressed to dealing with ever greater quantities and
varieties of drugs. On 17 October 2014, the appellant was convicted on one
charge of trafficking in meth, with two further TIC charges of drug
trafficking, and sent to prison for 5 years. He was released in 2017 and by
2019, when he was arrested again, had resumed drug trafficking. The arrest
resulted in the three serious charges with which this appeal is concerned and
the 13 other charges which were taken into consideration.

(b) The admitted facts made it clear that the appellant was not merely a one-
off trafficker. Instead, he ran his own trafficking operation on a consignment
basis. He essentially served as a “drug middleman” who profited financially
from furthering drug activities in Singapore.

(c) The appellant attempted to dispose of evidence of his drug activities when
he first realised that he might be arrested because the CNB officers were
seeking to enter his flat.

(d) There were 13 charges to be taken into consideration for the purpose of
sentencing.

8 In our view, the Judge was more than fair to the appellant when he arrived
at the provisional sentence of 27.5 years’ imprisonment for the meth
trafficking charge after considering the relevant aggravating and mitigating
factors. The appellant was not merely a small-time drug runner, but rather a
businessman at the centre of his own trafficking operation. Further, the
appellant’s drug antecedents showed a clear escalation in his criminal
offending that had to be taken into account. It follows from this that the
appellant’s second argument that the Judge “took [an] excessive interest” in
his criminal records, is similarly unfounded.

9 We turn finally to the totality principle. In our view, the Judge had given
full and adequate consideration to this principle. We say this for two
reasons. First, the Judge was obliged to run the sentences for two charges
consecutively pursuant to s 307(1) of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68,
2012 Rev Ed) and one of those two charges had to be the meth trafficking
charge as it carried the highest imprisonment term. The Judge did not run the
sentence of 10 years’ imprisonment for the ketamine trafficking charge
consecutively with that of the meth trafficking charge. He chose instead to
make the lower sentence of 5 years’ imprisonment for the LT-1 charge the
consecutive sentence. This demonstrated his care not to impose a global
sentence which would be disproportionate to the offence and the offender.
Second, the Judge further reduced the 27.5-year imprisonment sentence for the
1st charge down to 27 years upon consideration of the totality principle.

10 In conclusion, we hold that the Judge’s sentence of 32 years’ imprisonment
and 24 strokes of the cane is not manifestly excessive and we dismiss the
appellant’s appeal in its entirety for the reasons stated above.

Judith Prakash  
Justice of the Court of Appeal| Steven Chong  
Justice of the Court of Appeal  
---|---  
Chao Hick Tin  
Senior Judge|  
  
The appellant in person;

Dwayne Lum Wen Yi and Rimplejit Kaur (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the
respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 23 Nov 2021 (14:51 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

