Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC 279

Suit No 478 of 2017

Between

| BGC Partners (Singapore) Limited  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Yap Yuk Hee  
---|---  
(2)| John Lawrence G Sun  
(3)| ICAP (Singapore) Pte Ltd (formerly known as ICAP AP (Singapore) Pte Ltd  
  
… Defendants

grounds of decision

[Contract] — [Formation] — [Acceptance] — [Communication of acceptance to
offeror]

[Contract] — [Breach] — [Inducing breach of contract]

[Damages] — [Measure of damages] — [Contract]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
BGC Partners (Singapore) Ltd

  
v

  

Yap Yuk Hee and others

  

[2021] SGHC 279

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 478 of 2017  
See Kee Oon J  
23–25, 30–31 March, 5–6, 8–9, 13–14, 20–23 April, 6 September 2021

3 December 2021

See Kee Oon J:

1 These proceedings concern claims brought by BGC Partners (Singapore) Ltd
(“BGC”) against Yap Yuk Hee (“Yap”) and John Lawrence G Sun (“Sun”) for breach
of contract, and against ICAP (Singapore) Pte Ltd (“ICAP”) for having induced
Yap and Sun to commit their respective breaches of contract. I dismissed BGC’s
claims in their entirety. In these grounds of decision, I set out the full
reasons for my decision, incorporating the oral remarks I had delivered
previously on 6 September 2021.

Background Facts

2 The plaintiff (BGC) and the third Defendant (ICAP) are rival companies
incorporated in Singapore who are in the business of providing inter-dealer
brokerage services to, inter alia, major financial institutions.

3 The first and second Defendants are Yap and Sun. They were, at the material
time and presently, brokers employed by ICAP working on the Peso Non-
Deliverable Forwards (“Peso NDF”) desk since September 2010. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 2) at [2] – [3].

At that time, and presently, ICAP ran a very successful Peso NDF Desk which
was headed by Sun, 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

AEIC of John Lawrence G Sun (dated 7 January 2019) at [10].

and was reputed to be the dominant market leader in Singapore. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Affidavit of Evidence in Chief (“AEIC”) of Anthony Warner at [8]; AEIC of Yap
Yuk Hee (dated 7 January 2019) at [18]; AEIC of John Lawrence G Sun (dated 7
January 2019) at [20].

4 Non-Deliverable Forwards (“NDF”) markets are typically established in
international financial centres (such as Singapore) outside countries with
illiquid currency exchanges. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

AEIC of Daniel Corrigan (dated 15 January 2021) at [16] – [21].

The dealers which are usually major international investment or commercial
banks, would take part in deals with one another on the likely path of the
underlying currency markets and interest rates, at a particular contracted
rate. The profit or loss would then be calculated at a set date (ie,
settlement date) by comparing the positions the dealers had taken with that of
an independent index, and the difference would be paid between parties. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

AEIC of Daniel Corrigan (dated 15 January 2021) at [22] – [25].

As an illustration, dealer A might agree with dealer B to purchase 100 Pesos
for 2 USD, and at the settlement date if the value of Peso falls by half,
dealer A would pay dealer B the difference of 1 USD.

5 As brokers, Yap and Sun would assist the dealers to identify and help
negotiate trades with other dealers. Brokers would be typically organised into
desks, to be able to cover as many dealers as possible in order to broker
successful deals. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

AEIC of John Lawrence G Sun (dated 7 January 2019) at [13] – [14].

Both ICAP and BGC, as major inter-dealer brokerages, served the same dealers,
and were direct competitors in the industry. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

AEIC of Cheung Wai Yin at [15].

Thus, it would appear that the strength of the relationships that individual
brokers cultivated with the dealers would have had an impact on the trades
they could help broker. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

AEIC of Anthony Warner at [88].

The contracts

6 Mr Anthony Warner (“Warner”) was previously ICAP’s Senior Managing
Director/Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) from October 2010 to September 2014.
9

##### Foot Note 9

×

AEIC of Anthony Warner at [5].

Thereafter, he moved to BGC and was employed as Senior Managing Director (Asia
Pacific). 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

AEIC of Anthony Warner at [4].

Sometime in June 2015, Warner approached Sun to join BGC to start a Peso NDF
Desk. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

AEIC of Anthony Warner at [9] – [10].

As part of their discussions, Sun informed Warner that he was not prepared to
move to BGC alone, and requested for his team members, including Yap, to be
offered contracts with BGC. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

AEIC of John Lawrence G Sun at [26].

Warner agreed to this. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

AEIC of Anthony Warner at [17].

7 A series of discussions followed regarding the remuneration packages of Sun
and his team members. Subsequently, Sun met Warner on 24 June 2015, and signed
an employment agreement in the form of a “broker’s contract” with BGC, in
addition to a partnership agreement, cash advance distribution agreement, and
promissory note. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

AEIC of Anthony Warner at [30]; AEIC of John Lawrence G Sun (dated 7 January
2019) at [38].

It was not disputed by Warner that the documents signed by Sun were left
undated and unexecuted by BGC, 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Notes of Evidence (“NE”) Day 1, p 158, lines 12 – 19; AEIC of John Lawrence G
Sun (dated 7 January 2019) at [41].

but were subsequently dated 21 July 2015.

8 On 29 June 2015, Warner contacted Yap to discuss his proposed employment
with BGC. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

AEIC of Yap Yuk Hee (dated 7 January 2019) at [21] – [22].

After a period of negotiation, Warner met Yap on 7 July 2015, when Yap signed
an identical set of documents as Sun. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

AEIC of Yap Yuk Hee (dated 7 January 2019) at [30].

Similarly, it was not disputed by Warner that the documents signed by Yap were
neither dated nor executed on the day Yap signed them, 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

NE, Day 2, p 68, lines 1 – 5.

but were subsequently dated 27 July 2015.

9 The agreements were known as “forward contracts” in the brokering industry,
meaning that Yap and Sun were not expected to immediately commence employment
with BGC upon resigning from ICAP. According to Yap and Sun, they did not read
the full terms of the agreements when they signed them. Both agreements were
signed by Yap and Sun on the same day that Warner met them respectively. Yap
and Sun did not ask for and were not given any copies of the agreements.
Hereinafter I refer to the agreements interchangeably as “the contracts” as
well.

10 On 25 June 2015, Sun gave notice of his resignation to ICAP. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

AEIC of John Lawrence G Sun (dated 7 January 2019) at [46].

Yap tendered his resignation to ICAP on 23 July 2015. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

AEIC of Yap Yuk Hee (dated 7 January 2019) at [39].

ICAP (through its CEO Cheung Wai Yin (“ICAP’s CEO”) and Managing Director
George Dranganoudis) then entered into discussions with Yap and Sun to
persuade them not to leave. Having renegotiated their employment terms, ICAP
succeeded in retaining them. On 21 September 2015, both Yap 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

AEIC of Yap Yuk Hee (dated 7 January 2019) at [43]; Agreed Bundle of Documents
Vol 2 (2AB) at Tab 108.

and Sun 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

AEIC of John Lawrence G Sun at [50]; 2AB at Tab 107.

decided to remain at ICAP and received letters of indemnity from ICAP. On 23
September 2015, Sun signed a new five year contract with ICAP, 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

2AB at Tab 110.

and Yap signed a new three year contract with ICAP. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

2AB at Tab 111.

11 In late September 2015, Yap 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

AEIC of Yap Yuk Hee (dated 7 January 2019) at [45].

and Sun 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

AEIC of John Lawrence G Sun (dated 7 January 2019) at [51].

separately informed Warner that they had decided to stay at ICAP and would not
be joining BGC. They also confirmed their respective positions in writing to
BGC on 16 October 2015. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

AEIC of John Lawrence G Sun (dated 7 January 2019) at [53]; AEIC of Yap Yuk
Hee (dated 7 January 2019) at [46].

BGC subsequently conveyed copies of the employment agreements to Yap and Sun
only on 19 October and 22 October, which were signed by BGC’s designated
representative (ie, Mr Shaun Lynn (“Shaun Lynn”), who was the president of
BGC) and dated.

The parties’ cases

Summary of BGC’s case

12 In this suit, BGC asserted that there were valid and binding employment
agreements in existence. By refusing to join BGC, Yap and Sun had repudiated
28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment 2) at [20].

and breached their obligations under the respective agreements and BGC had
suffered loss and damage as a result. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment 2) at [27].

BGC further asserted that ICAP had wrongfully induced Yap and Sun to breach
their employment agreements with BGC, and BGC had thereby suffered loss and
damage.

13 BGC’s main argument was premised on Yap and Sun having signed the
agreements to indicate their assent to the terms therein. Thus, on the
“orthodox” analysis of offer and acceptance, an offer from BGC for employment
had been made through Warner and Yap and Sun had accepted those offers. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at [131] and [137].

After the agreements were signed, the subsequent communications between Warner
and Yap and Sun and their conduct showed that they treated the agreements as
binding. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at [165] – [166].

On Yap and Sun’s part, they had tendered their resignations to ICAP as
contemplated by the terms of those agreements. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at [169].

They would not have done so if they had not understood that they had secured
jobs at BGC and felt bound by the agreements. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at [169(c)].

Moreover, when ICAP renegotiated their terms, Yap and Sun were given
indemnities to cover their potential liabilities under their BGC agreements.
34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at [169(e)(i)].

14 BGC argued that there were difficulties with the Defendants’ reliance on
the “alternative” analysis of offer and acceptance, which was premised on Yap
and Sun having made an offer to be employed by BGC instead, given that Yap and
Sun did not alter any of the terms of the BGC agreements and had simply signed
them. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at [179] – [180].

In any case, BGC argued that Clause 6(c) of the broker’s contract (“Clause
6(c)”) which required BGC’s representative to execute the contract was
intended solely for BGC’s benefit and had been waived by BGC. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at [188].

Obtaining the signature of BGC’s designated representative (Shaun Lynn) was
merely a contingent condition precedent to the operation and performance of
the agreements. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at [153] – [154].

Alternatively, BGC had complied with Clause 6(c) in due course by procuring
Shaun Lynn’s signature and had communicated its acceptance of the agreements
to Yap and Sun by conduct, in the form of Warner’s subsequent Facebook
messages to Sun. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at [162] – [165].

15 BGC’s primary claim for damages as pleaded was for liquidated damages under
certain liquidated damages (“LD”) provisions in the respective employment
agreements. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment 2) at [27(1)] – [27(2)].

In the alternative, BGC claimed for damages to be assessed in accordance with
the formula set out in the LD provisions of the respective employment
agreements or by reference to inter alia (i) additional costs and expenses to
be incurred in hiring an employee to replace Yap and Sun and/or (ii) loss or
shortfall in profits that would have been earned from Yap and Sun’s employment
with BGC. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment 2) at [27(4 )].

Summary of the Defendants’ case

16 The Defendants submitted that the correct contractual analysis was to treat
Yap and Sun as having made offers to BGC to employ them, which BGC had to
signify acceptance of before any valid and binding contracts came into
existence. The Defendants pointed to Clause 6(c) which required execution of
the broker’s contract by BGC’s representative to constitute a binding and
enforceable agreement. It was not disputed that the agreements Warner gave to
Yap and Sun to sign were undated and unsigned by BGC’s designated
representative. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at [141]; NE Day 1, p 158, lines 12 – 19, Day
2, p 68, lines 1 – 5; AEIC of John Lawrence G Sun (dated 7 January 2019) at
[41].

The Defendants therefore submitted that taking this fact together with Clause
6(c) of the agreements, BGC had not made an offer of employment to Yap and Sun
by way of presenting them the agreements for their signature. Rather, by
appending their signatures, Yap and Sun had indicated their offers to be
employed by BGC, which would have to be formally accepted by BGC by the
operation of Clause 6(c) which prescribed a specific mode of acceptance by
BGC, before the agreements could be valid and binding. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

1st and 2nd Defendant’s Closing Submissions at [37].

17 The Defendants maintained that no binding agreement was reached between Yap
and Sun with BGC. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Defence of the 1st and 2nd Defendants (Amendment 3) at [4] and [8]; Defence of
the 3rd Defendant (Amendment 1) at [5], [10] and [18].

They averred that copies of the respective employment agreements, which were
eventually executed and dated, were only provided to Yap and Sun on or around
19 October 2015 and 22 October 2015 respectively, after they had informed BGC
that they would not be joining them. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

1st and 2nd Defendant’s Closing Submissions at [16] – [17]; 3rd Defendant’s
Closing Submissions at [41(c)].

As there was no legally binding agreement in force between BGC and Yap and Sun
respectively, ICAP did not and could not have induced and/or procured any
breach and/or anticipatory breach of the employment agreements. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Defence of the 3rd Defendant (Amendment 1) at [18].

Hence, their primary position was that BGC was not entitled to any damages
sought.

18 In the alternative, if valid and binding agreements were found to have
existed and to have been breached, the Defendants contended that in respect of
Sun, BGC did not accept Sun’s alleged repudiatory breach(es) in September or
October 2015 and the employment agreements therefore continued to subsist. BGC
(through Mr Mark Webster’s words and conduct) breached an implied term of
mutual trust and confidence during a meeting with Sun in or around December
2015, which breach was accepted by Sun at the material time or by 31 December
2015 at the latest, thereby bringing the employment agreement to an end that
day. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

1st and 2nd Defendant’s Closing Submissions at [107] – [108].

19 With regard to the LD provisions, the Defendants submitted that the formula
provided does not set out a genuine pre-estimate of the losses suffered by BGC
and/or was a penalty; 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

1st and 2nd Defendant’s Closing Submissions at [132]; 3rd Defendant’s Closing
Submissions at [188].

that even if the LD provisions were found to be unenforceable, BGC’s
calculations did not accord with the LD provisions; 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

1st and 2nd Defendant’s Closing Submissions at [146]; 3rd Defendant’s Closing
Submissions at [220] – [235].

that Yap and Sun had not made any representations of their potential revenue
to Warner; 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

1st and 2nd Defendant’s Closing Submissions at [171]; 3rd Defendant’s Closing
Submissions at [220] – [235].

that BGC was not entitled to advance a claim for loss and damages based on
certain clauses in the employment agreements; and, BGC’s claim for additional
costs and expenses and loss or shortfall in profits was duplicitous and not
maintainable at law. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

1st and 2nd Defendant’s Reply Submissions at [169] – [176]; 3rd Defendant’s
Closing Submissions at [149] – [165]; 3rd Defendant’s Reply Submissions at
[151] – [159].

Issues to be determined

20 The parties were ad idem in relation to the main issues to be determined.
At its core, the dispute centred on whether there was a valid and binding
agreement between BGC and Yap and Sun by virtue of the brokers having signed
the agreements in June and July 2015. BGC’s claim against ICAP was predicated
upon a finding that the signed agreements were valid and binding as at the
dates Yap and Sun sought to resile from them. If the signed agreements are not
found to have been valid and binding, ICAP cannot be liable to BGC for having
allegedly wrongfully induced a breach of the agreements with BGC.

21 The issues that I had to address in this case were:

(a) Whether there were valid and binding agreements;

(b) Whether ICAP had wrongfully induced breaches of the agreements;

(c) Whether BGC had breached an implied term of mutual trust and confidence;

(d) Whether BGC had proved its loss and damages.

Issue (a): Whether there were valid and binding agreements

22 To recapitulate, BGC’s primary argument was that the contracts signed by
Yap and Sun were offers made by BGC, 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at [131] and [137].

and that Warner had the authority to make the offers and even if he did not,
his authority was ratified subsequently (see Bolton Partners v Lambert (1889)
41 Ch.D. 295 (“Bolton”)). In BGC’s analysis, the requirement for Shaun Lynn’s
signature under Clause 6(c) was a condition precedent which was fulfilled
subsequently, hence making the contracts binding. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at [153] – [154].

Furthermore, BGC contended that Warner’s messages to Yap and Sun had
“effectively communicated” to them that the contracts were binding, 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at [165].

and that acceptance of the contracts on its part had been communicated by
conduct. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions at [112].

23 Yap and Sun argued that BGC had taken contradictory positions on when the
contracts came into effect based on its alternative cases (ie, whether there
was a waiver or condition precedent). 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

1st and 2nd Defendant’s Closing Submissions at [45].

Yap and Sun also argued that Clause 6(c) was for the benefit of all parties to
the contracts, and not only for the benefit of BGC; 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

1st and 2nd Defendant’s Closing Submissions at [71(b)].

accordingly it could only be waived if all parties had agreed to do so. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

1st and 2nd Defendant’s Closing Submissions at [71(c)].

However, on the facts, there was no evidence of waiver. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

1st and 2nd Defendant’s Closing Submissions at [75].

Yap and Sun further argued that even if the contracts were executed by Shaun
Lynn, this was not communicated to either Sun or Yap, which was “integral” to
the finding of a valid and binding contract. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

1st and 2nd Defendant’s Closing Submissions at [80].

24 The full text of Clause 6(c) as found in BGC’s contractual terms is as
follows: 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents Vol 1 (1AB) 256; 2AB 326.

This Agreement constitutes a contract between you and [BGC] save that it shall
not be binding and enforceable unless or until executed by the representative
of [BGC] set out below.

25 As indicated above at [11], Shaun Lynn was the designated representative of
BGC. There are two distinct but closely intertwined issues crucial to the
finding of whether there were valid and binding contracts between BGC and Yap
and/or Sun. The first issue was that of acceptance, and the second related
issue was whether the acceptance (on the part of BGC vis-à-vis Shaun Lynn’s
execution of the contracts) was effectively communicated to the brokers. The
general rule is that communication of acceptance is required for a valid and
binding contract to exist, as stated in Chitty on Contracts (H G Beale gen ed)
(Sweet and Maxwell, 33rd Ed, 2018) (“Chitty”) at 2-044:

General requirement of communication The general rule is that an acceptance
has no legal effect until it is communicated to the offeror. Accordingly, no
contract is concluded by: a person who writes an acceptance on a piece of
paper which he simply keeps; a company that resolves to accept an application
for shares but does not communicate the resolution to the applicant; a person
who decides to accept an offer to sell goods to him and instructs his bank to
pay the offeror but neither he nor the bank gives notice of this fact to the
offeror; and a person who communicates the acceptance only to his own agent.
The main reason for the rule is that it would be unfair to bind the offeror
before he knows that his offer had been accepted. So long as the offeror knows
of the acceptance, a contract may be concluded even though the acceptance was
not brought to his notice by the offeree. However, there will be no contract
if the communication is made by a third party without the offeree’s authority
in circumstances indicating that the offeree’s decision to accept was not yet
regarded by him as irrevocable.

[emphasis added]

Acceptance

26 As noted by the Court of Appeal in Gay Choon Ing v Loh Sze Ti Terence Peter
and another appeal [2009] 2 SLR(R) 332 (“Gay Choon Ing”) at [47], at its core,
acceptance “is a final and unqualified expression of assent to the terms of an
offer”, citing Edwin Peel, Treitel: The Law of Contract (Sweet & Maxwell, 12th
Ed, 2007) at para 2-015. While a less mechanistic or dogmatic application of
the concepts of offer and acceptance should be adopted, the traditional method
of analysis of examining each “shot” fired by the respective parties to
determine conclusion of an agreement upon a final and unqualified acceptance
continues to apply (see Gay Choon Ing at [63]).

27 In my view, Clause 6(c) was not merely a formality as BGC had attempted to
suggest. It is specific in unequivocally stipulating that while the agreement
“constitutes a contract” between the parties, “it shall not be binding and
enforceable unless and until executed” by the designated representative (ie,
Shaun Lynn). While BGC argued that Warner’s authority to contract with Yap and
Sun was ratified retrospectively by BGC, 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at [144].

the alleged act of ratification referred to by BGC was Shaun Lynn’s signing of
the agreements. This did not in any way confirm or affirm the actions or
communication emanating from Warner, and was in fact the very act of BGC
complying with Clause 6(c) itself. BGC relied on the case of Bolton as its
sole authority on the point of ratification. As the Defendants rightly pointed
out, Bolton is highly controversial and has been criticised (eg, in Fleming v
Bank of New Zealand [1900] AC 577 at 587; Davison v Vickery’s Motors Limited
(1925) 37 CLR 1 at 18–19; Hughes v NM Superannuation Pty Limited (1993) 11
ACLC 923 at 930). Leaving aside the controversies surrounding Bolton, I was
unable to see how BGC’s subsequent procurement of Shaun Lynn’s signature would
amount to a form of ratification of Warner’s purported “offer” of employment
on BGC’s behalf.

28 Having regard to Clause 6(c), the agreements properly construed and
implemented would require Shaun Lynn’s endorsement to signify BGC’s final and
unqualified approval, and not merely by way of rubberstamping Warner’s “offer”
of employment. The fact that the endorsement was only procured after Yap and
Sun had signed in both instances would point strongly to the conclusion that
when Yap and Sun appended their signatures, they were the ones making the
offer to BGC, as the Defendants had contended.

29 I emphasise that this conclusion is not as “unorthodox” as BGC had made it
out to be. Neither does it fail to accord with a common-sense commercial view
or with the “reasonable expectations of … honest sensible business people”,
adopting the language that BGC had drawn on from Reveille Independent LLC v
Anotech International (UK) Ltd [2016] EWCA Civ 443 (“Reveille”) at [53]. It is
entirely reasonable and indeed to be expected that BGC should have taken care
to act in accordance with the terms of its own contractual documents and to
have made offers to contract in a manner compliant and consistent with those
terms.

30 Clause 6(c) was also not a contingent condition precedent. It is artificial
for BGC to suggest that a contract may have been entered into but can be
dissected or made “severable” so to speak to two stages, according to when it
is “valid” first and thereafter “binding and enforceable”. A contract that is
validly made should ordinarily also be binding at the same time. It hardly
makes sense to speak of a contract that is valid but not yet binding, although
I accept that in certain specific circumstances, it may be contemplated that
the parties intend for enforceability to be contingent on some other event or
action. Unless the parties’ intentions in agreeing to such a form of severance
are clearly and unambiguously set out in writing, the court should be slow to
infer or impute such an intention.

31 On a plain construction, Clause 6(c) speaks of both the “binding and
enforceable” nature of the contract becoming operative only when executed by
the designated representative. It plainly sets out what BGC ought to have done
for firm agreements to be concluded – the agreement(s) had to be executed by
its designated representative. Notably, the agreements were both unsigned and
undated at the time Yap and Sun signed them. The more reasonable inference is
that these constituted Yap’s and Sun’s offers to be employed by BGC, which
would have to be accepted by BGC through the requisite execution by Shaun
Lynn. On my construction of Clause 6(c), this was BGC’s prescribed mode of
acceptance. Unexecuted agreements were presented to Yap and Sun as prospective
employees who were asked to append their signatures first. This construction
is bolstered by the last paragraph of the agreements, which specify that “one
copy of each [ie, the Contract and the attached Terms & Conditions] will be
returned to [them] after signature of the Contract on behalf of the [BGC] …”.
62

##### Foot Note 62

×

1AB 256; 2AB 326.

32 From Warner’s own evidence under cross-examination, it was clear that
Warner knew that BGC had to follow up to obtain Shaun Lynn’s signatures for
both agreements: 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

NE, Day 2, p 22, line 19 to p 23, line 5.

…The contract was then drafted in my role, in the position that I am in, my
job, for want of a better word, is to provide the documents for the candidate
for the candidate to sign. I then return the documents to my HR, whichever
location I am in. At this time it would have been Singapore. And those
documents then go through the process of -- the same process that we do with
hundreds and thousands of other hires where they go forwards for signing by
whoever is the signature that can sign it at that time, which in this example
I think was Shaun Lynn.

33 In this connection, Warner’s explanation that this step was merely a
formality or part of BGC’s internal HR process conveniently glosses over
Clause 6(c) entirely. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

NE, Day 2, p 22, line 19 to p 23, line 5; NE, Day 2, p 63, line 16 to p 64,
line 22; NE, Day 2, p 69, lines 1 to 5.

If Warner’s explanation was to be believed, it would appear that he was either
not familiar with BGC’s own documented terms or had blithely chosen to ignore
them, and had erroneously assumed that he had full actual or apparent
authority to hire brokers on BGC’s behalf, without needing to comply with
Clause 6(c). This is not consistent with the clear language of Clause 6(c),
which affirms that Yap’s and Sun’s signatures and handshakes with Warner would
not suffice in and of themselves to seal the contracts. Clause 6(c) does not
contemplate that contracts will be formed through such means.

34 Accordingly, I found that the Defendants were justified in submitting that
BGC itself regarded Shaun Lynn’s signature as a prescribed mode of acceptance
before any valid, binding and enforceable contracts could be said to exist. On
the facts, it appeared from the available documentary evidence that the
contracts signed by Yap and Sun were sent for Shaun Lynn’s signature (and
execution) on 15 July 2015 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

1AB, Tab 52.

and 21 July 2015 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

2AB, Tab 55.

respectively. Apart from a brief exchange between counsel for Yap and Sun and
Warner about whether the signatures on the respective documents were indeed
Shaun Lynn’s signatures, 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

NE, Day 2, p 65, lines 10-13; p 67, lines 2 – 9.

it was not seriously pursued by either counsel for each of the Defendants at
trial or in submissions that Shaun Lynn had not in fact signed and executed
the contracts before they were returned to the brokers, after they had made
known their intention not to join BGC. I was thus of the view that on a
balance of probabilities, the contracts would have to be accepted as per the
prescribed mode of acceptance as set out in Clause 6(c), and were in fact
accepted by BGC (albeit not at the time when Yap and Sun had signed the
agreement(s)).

35 At this juncture, I turn to address BGC’s argument that “a contract can be
formed by agreement of parties even if parties do not sign.” 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at [33].

BGC cites the case of Reveille for this proposition. In Reveille, Anotech
which was a company marketing home cookware and Reveille, a corporation
producing television programmes (such as MasterChef US), had engaged in
discussions to feature Anotech’s cookware on MasterChef US. In the course of
negotiations, Reveille had sent a contract to Anotech on Reveille’s standard
form, with one of the terms stating that the contract “shall not be binding on
Reveille until executed by both Licensee [ie, Anotech] and Reveille”. What
ensued was what would conventionally be described as a battle of forms, as
well as some concerns over the use of the phrase “The Master Chef” by Gordon
Ramsay who was the main presenter of the show. Eventually, Anotech’s director
had signed the contract and returned a copy to Reveille, however Reveille did
not sign on the said contract. Notwithstanding its failure to sign the
contract, Reveille proceeded to feature Anotech’s products on MasterChef US
and billed Anotech. When Anotech failed to pay, Reveille repudiated the
contract, but Anotech raised the argument that the contract was not binding as
Reveille had failed to sign it. Mr Justice Cranston, delivering the judgment
of the court, held that as the clause setting out the prescribed mode of
acceptance was for Reveille’s benefit it could waive it, provided that there
was no prejudice to Anotech. It was also held that “there were clear and
unequivocal acts on Reveille’s part, which Anotech knew about, to constitute
acceptance by conduct…[c]onduct after 12 March 2011 does not go to acceptance
by Reveille of Anotech’s offer but is evidence that the parties believed that
there was a binding contract in place” (at [45] –[47]).

36 In my view, Reveille is distinguishable from the present case and was of no
assistance to BGC. First, in Reveille at [45], it was found that even though
Reveille had failed to sign the contract as stipulated, Reveille had
demonstrated clear and unequivocal acts towards the fulfilment of the contract
which would show actual acceptance by conduct. I was not persuaded that there
was such communication by conduct as submitted by BGC, simply because Warner
had sent Sun some Facebook messages to “effectively” convey to him the
allegedly binding effect of the agreements. Second, while the court in
Reveille had found that the signature requirement was waived by Reveille, as I
will explain below at [48], a waiver as to the prescribed mode of acceptance
only deals with the formality of complying with that specific mode, and
acceptance still has to be communicated to the offeror in order for a binding
contract to be in place.

Effective communication of acceptance

37 As stated at [25] above, in order for acceptance to have legal effect, it
must have been effectively communicated to the counterparty. Interestingly,
the case of Robophone Facilities Ltd v Blank [1966] 1 WLR 1428 (“Robophone”),
which was referred to as authority in a case cited by BGC in relation to its
argument on penalties, 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at [654].

actually concerned facts which were analogous to those in the present case. In
Robophone, the plaintiff, a distributor of a telephone answering machine,
offered a machine on hire-purchase to Mr Blank, the defendant. The rental
agreement included a clause stating that the agreement would only become
binding on acceptance by signature on the part of the plaintiff. The rental
agreement was signed by the defendant and the plaintiff only signed it
sometime thereafter, although the plaintiff’s representative did call the
defendant to fill in additional forms applying for consent to install the
machine. On appeal, the majority decision comprising Lord Diplock and Lord
Harman found that a binding contract had subsisted even though the plaintiff
had failed to comply with the acceptance clause, as the issue of failure to
communicate acceptance was not raised in the defendant’s pleadings, and in any
event it was held that the plaintiff’s representative’s call to the defendant
had to signify to the defendant that the contract was accepted (Robophone at
1438 and 1441). However, Lord Denning in his dissent stated at 1432:

It is clear that that document, although called an agreement, was only an
offer. It could be revoked by Mr. Blank at any time before it was accepted by
the plaintiffs: see Financings Ltd. v. Stimson. In order to become binding,
someone duly authorised would have to sign it as accepted on behalf of the
plaintiffs: and, moreover, their acceptance would have to be communicated to
Mr. Blank. The general rule undoubtedly is that, when an offer is made, it is
necessary, in order to make a binding contract, not only that it should be
accepted but that the acceptance should be notified: see Carlill v. Carbolic
Smoke Ball Co., per Lindley L.J.; Entores Ltd. v. Miles Far East Corporation,
per Parker L.J. Clause 14 does not dispense with the necessity of
notification. Signing without notification is not enough. It would be
deplorable if it were. The plaintiffs would be able to keep the form in their
office unsigned, and then play fast and loose as they pleased. Mr. Blank would
not know whether or not there was a contract binding them to supply or him to
take. Just as mental acceptance is not enough: Felthouse v. Bindley, nor is
internal acceptance within the company's office. In this very case we know
that the plaintiffs signed it sometime or other (for it was produced at the
trial complete with signature), but we do not know when the plaintiffs signed
it. No evidence was given on the point. In the circumstances I think that
until the plaintiffs notified Mr. Blank of their acceptance, the agreement was
not complete. It was, in the words of Mr. Blank himself, provisional.

[emphasis added]

38 In my view, Lord Denning’s remarks as highlighted above were but an
alternate expression of the commercial uncertainty which would prejudice the
offeror who would not be able to know for certain if he was or was not bound
by the agreement. For completeness, I note that the court in Reveille at [44]
had acknowledged this possible outcome, although it was clear in that case
from the subsequent conduct of the parties in performing the contract (ie, by
Reveille featuring Anotech’s cookware on the show, and Reveille asking Anotech
where to post the invoices) that the acceptance had already been effectively
communicated by Reveille to Anotech.

39 In the present case, it did not appear from the evidence that there was any
effective communication whatsoever of BGC’s acceptance. It was undisputed that
no copies of the fully executed and dated agreements were conveyed to Yap and
Sun until after they had informed BGC that they would be remaining at ICAP.
BGC further contended that since Clause 6(c) merely laid down a condition
precedent, no further express communication was in fact necessary. I was not
persuaded by this contention. As noted at [31] above, the last paragraph of
the employment agreements expressly required that BGC would return them copies
after the designated representative’s signature on behalf of BGC had been
obtained. For reasons which were not fully articulated and explained at trial,
BGC did not do so until shortly after Yap and Sun informed BGC that they would
not be joining them. It was not open to BGC to argue that Yap and Sun
themselves could and should have ascertained whether the alleged condition
precedent in Clause 6(c) had been fulfilled. Equally, BGC could not maintain
that no communication of its fulfilment was necessary.

40 Warner was the only person from BGC in contact with Yap and Sun until they
received letters from BGC’s solicitors. He admitted that he did not know if
the agreements were in fact signed by Shaun Lynn, when they would have been
signed, and if the agreements were in fact returned to either Yap or Sun after
they were signed. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

NE, Day 1, p 158, line 12 to p 160, line 11.

Warner could not have communicated to Yap or Sun that BGC was treating the
agreements as binding when he did not even know if the agreements were even
signed or accepted in accordance with Clause 6(c), or if they were binding on
BGC for that matter. The fact that ICAP gave Yap and Sun indemnities against
potential liability was a neutral point; it did not point unequivocally to the
Defendants’ acknowledgment that valid and binding agreements were in place and
were potentially being breached.

41 Accordingly, I held that BGC had not effectively communicated its
acceptance of Yap’s and Sun’s offers, even though Shaun Lynn may have signed
at some subsequent point to signify acceptance. Hence there were no valid and
binding contracts in place in late September 2015 when Yap and Sun informed
Warner that they would not be joining BGC. This would also explain why Sun was
continuing to negotiate his remuneration package with Warner even after
signing the agreement on 24 June 2015. If Warner had genuinely thought that
Sun was “joking” 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

NE, Day 1, p 153, line 10.

or just “being humorous” 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

NE, Day 1, p 155, lines 15 – 19.

in renegotiating his package, he certainly did not tell him so or express any
incredulity in responding to Sun’s messages. In addition, as I have already
noted above at [39], the contracts also stipulated a requirement for effective
communication of the acceptance by BGC.

Waiver

(1) BGC’s inconsistent positions on the effect of Clause 6(c)

42 On a preliminary note, before I address the issue of waiver, I observe that
BGC had submitted two alternative arguments regarding the effect of Clause
6(c). The first was that Clause 6(c) was a condition precedent which had been
fulfilled when Shaun Lynn’s signature was procured. In the alternative, Clause
6(c) was waived by BGC (ie, no signature was required on BGC’s part).

43 In this regard, the Court of Appeal in Ng Chee Weng v Lim Jit Ming Bryan
[2012] 1 SLR 457 at [36] has stated that “while a party has the right to plead
inconsistent rights in the alternative, the alternatives cannot offend common
sense and justice”. This was recently affirmed by the Court of Appeal in
Liberty Sky Investments Ltd v Aesthetic Medical Partners Pte Ltd and other
appeals and another matter [2020] 1 SLR 606 (“Liberty Sky”) at [28].

44 I accepted the Defendants’ submission that BGC could not rely on these as
alternative arguments. They are binary propositions with different factual
premises. A waiver would simply mean that there was no requirement to follow
up with compliance with Clause 6(c). It would follow that if BGC’s waiver
argument was to be accepted, one would expect that there would be no execution
of the documents in compliance with Clause 6(c). But on the objective
evidence, there was in fact no waiver since Shaun Lynn proceeded to execute
the documents by signing in accordance with Clause 6(c). This fact would be
more consistent with BGC allegedly having treated Clause 6(c) as a condition
precedent (although I have rejected this argument at [30] above). As such, I
did not see how the alternative arguments could be countenanced given that BGC
was relying on facts in support of either argument that were plainly
contradictory. Whilst the court will afford a party the maximum latitude to
state its case, there are limits to the extent two inconsistent cases can be
run, such as when the party has actual knowledge of which alternative is true
(Liberty Sky at [28]).

(2) Could BGC have waived Clause 6(c) unilaterally?

45 BGC argued that, in the alternative, Clause 6(c), which was for its sole
benefit, could have been and was waived by BGC. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at [188] – [190].

In any event, BGC took the position that Yap and Sun could not rely on Clause
6(c) as they were not aware of its existence. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at [177].

In response, Yap and Sun relied on the case of Novus Aviation Ltd v Alubaf
Arab International Bank BSC(c) [2016] EWHC 1575 (Comm) for the proposition
that if the clause in question was for the benefit of both parties, it must be
clear that both parties have waived it in order for any waiver to have been
effective. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

1st and 2nd Defendant’s Closing Submissions at [68] and [71].

Alternatively, they argued that any waiver was neither communicated 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

1st and 2nd Defendant’s Closing Submissions at [76].

nor made out by conduct, 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

1st and 2nd Defendant’s Closing Submissions at [77].

and Warner had no authority to waive any provision in the contracts. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

1st and 2nd Defendant’s Closing Submissions at [78].

46 First, I did not accept that BGC could have unilaterally waived Clause 6(c)
as the term does not exist solely for BGC’s benefit. Rather, it ought to be
construed as a term that affects both parties and is open to both parties to
rely upon for a definitive understanding of when the agreements would be
regarded as “binding and enforceable”. As stated by the UK Supreme Court in
RTS Flexible Systems Ltd v Molkerei Alois Muller GmbH & Co KG (UK Production)
[2010] 1 WLR 753 at [50], “the governing criterion [of contract formation] is
the reasonable expectations of honest sensible businessmen” (see also Reveille
at [42]). In other words, whether a term is construed to exist solely for the
benefit of one party or both parties has to be considered in light of what
would have been commercially sensible. In my view, in light of the not
insignificant remuneration terms, Clause 6(c) would have allowed BGC the
leeway to confirm that it indeed wanted to hire the brokers on those stated
terms, and would also have signalled to the brokers that their hiring on those
terms had been approved and they were no longer allowed to “bargain” for
better terms with BGC or ICAP for that matter (see [54] – [55] below). This
would have been the reasonable expectation of both parties; to regard Clause
6(c) as being for the sole benefit of BGC would be prejudicial to Yap and
Sun’s ability to know when their employment with BGC was confirmed. In this
regard, I would also make the observation that while employer-employee
relationships often involve a disparity in bargaining power (see Man Financial
(S) Pte Ltd (formerly known as E D & F Man International (S) Pte Ltd) v Wong
Bark Chuan David [2008] 1 SLR(R) 663 at [48]; Smile Inc Dental Surgeons Pte
Ltd v Lui Andrew Stewart [2012] 4 SLR 308 at [20]), neither Yap nor Sun raised
the argument that there was such a disparity. In the present analysis, I had
proceeded on the presumption that parties were on an equal footing when
negotiating the respective employment offers.

47 Second, it was not disputed that the executed agreements were undated when
BGC received them with Shaun Lynn’s signatures. BGC had provided no clarity on
exactly when or by whom they were dated. Clause 1(a) stipulates that the
provisions of the agreement come into effect on “the date hereof” but Warner
had “no idea when, by who” the dates were filled in. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

NE, Day 2, p 17, lines 3 – 5.

I agreed with the Defendants that in the circumstances, an adverse inference
should be drawn against BGC to the effect that the dates were more likely only
filled in after BGC realised its failure to follow up on the documentation
with Yap and Sun ie after BGC was informed that Yap and Sun would not be
joining them.

48 Third, even if Clause 6(c), properly construed, was for the sole benefit of
BGC, any waiver of the clause would not in itself have constituted acceptance
of the contracts. As stated in Reveille at [41], “where signature as the
prescribed mode of acceptance is intended for the benefit of the offeree, and
the offeree accepts in some other way, that should be treated as effective
unless it can be shown that the failure to sign has prejudiced the offeror”
[emphasis added]. In other words, even if BGC had waived the requirement of
Shaun Lynn’s signature, it needed to show both Yap and Sun that it had
accepted the contract. Such acceptance can be in the form of the offeree’s
conduct, as in the case of Reveille (see above at [38]).

49 Fourth, following from my views as stated at [38] above on the commercial
uncertainty arising from the offeror not knowing when he would or would not be
bound, I was of the view that allowing BGC to unilaterally waive Clause 6(c)
without more would also be considered prejudicial to both Yap and Sun.

50 Fifth, I should add that if BGC could unilaterally waive Clause 6(c) and
did waive it, the purported waiver was invalid. BGC had not complied with
Clause 18.3 of BGC’s standard terms and conditions (as incorporated into the
contracts) which provides that any waiver of the employment agreement must be
“in writing signed by the waiving party”. While BGC argued that a no-oral
modification clause only raises a rebuttable presumption that in the absence
of an agreement in writing there would be no variation (see Comfort Management
Pte Ltd v OGSP Engineering Pte Ltd [2018] 1 SLR 979 at [89] – [90]; Charles
Lim Teng Siang and another v Hong Choon Hau and another [2021] 2 SLR 153
(“Charles Lim”) at [60] –[61]), it relied solely on the conduct of Warner as
evidence that such waiver had occurred. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Reply (Amendment No. 5) at [8] and [15].

As I had found at [33] above, Warner did not in fact have the authority to
hire the brokers without compliance with Clause 6(c), much less to
independently vary BGC’s need to comply with it. As a consequence, I found
that the presumption that no variation of Clause 6(c) had taken place in the
absence of an agreement in writing remained unrebutted.

Yap and Sun’s reliance on Clause 6(c)

51 It is a well-established principle that in the absence of fraud or
misrepresentation, a party is bound by all the terms of a contract that it
signs, even if that party did not read or understand those terms (see Bintai
Kindenko Pte Ltd v Samsung C&T Corp and another [2019] 2 SLR 295 at [58]). In
Chitty at 3-049, it is similarly stated that a “party of full age and
understanding is normally bound by his signature to a document, whether he
reads or understands it or not”, although this is subject to the doctrine of
non est factum. In this regard, the Court of Appeal in Charles Lim had also
clearly held at [60] that “in the absence of a plea of non est factum, parties
should be held to have read and agreed to all terms in an agreement signed by
them.” It would follow that if a party can be bound by the terms he did not
understand or read when he signed an agreement, a fortiori he should able to
rely on a term that he did not know about at the time he had signed it but
which was later brought to his attention.

52 Yap and Sun’s reliance on Clause 6(c) in these proceedings was of course ex
post and were obvious afterthoughts. Notwithstanding Clause 6(e) which
acknowledges that they had “carefully read and had the opportunity to obtain
legal advice” in relation to the agreements, they candidly conceded that they
had not read the agreements carefully and they did not bother to seek legal
advice before they signed the agreements. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

NE, Day 5, p 238, lines 11 – 13; AEIC of Lawrence G Sun (dated 7 January 2019)
at [42]; AEIC of Yap Yuk Hee (dated 7 January 2019) at [34].

Perhaps the package Warner presented was just too tempting to refuse at the
time.

53 Nevertheless, this is ultimately of no consequence in the present
proceedings. The documents were BGC’s to begin with, and BGC would have had to
ensure compliance with its own terms. Whether and when contracts were entered
into and what the parties intended at the time of contracting are questions of
fact to be objectively determined, and the effect of written contractual terms
must be construed as a matter of law in the given factual context.

Yap’s and Sun’s resignations from ICAP

54 As for Yap and Sun having duly tendered their resignations, I accepted that
they had given plausible explanations for doing so. They were savvy, high-
performing and experienced brokers. There was no reason to reject their
explanations that tendering resignations was a common strategy amongst brokers
looking to renegotiate terms with their employers and obtain leverage for
better terms. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

NE, Day 5, p 149, line 19 to p 150, line 17; NE, Day 6, p 80, lines 19 – 22;
AEIC of Cheung Wai Yin at [18].

Their evidence that this was a common industry practice was also not
challenged.

55 Furthermore, I would be slow to draw any inferences from the tendering of
resignations by Yap and Sun. These acts were undoubtedly subsequent conduct,
which has not been definitively accepted as being admissible in Singapore for
the purpose of showing the existence of a contractual agreement (see MCH
International Pte Ltd and others v YG Group Pte Ltd and others and other
appeals [2019] 2 SLR 837 at [18] – [21]; Leiman, Ricardo and another v Noble
Resources Ltd and another [2020] 2 SLR 386 at [175]).

Summary

56 In summary, I found that there were no valid and binding agreements in
existence in late September 2015, as BGC had not communicated any acceptance
of Yap’s and Sun’s offers until after mid-October 2015. It would follow that
when Yap and Sun informed BGC in late September 2015 that they would not be
joining them, they had revoked their offers. Even if the offers had been
accepted by July 2015 through Shaun Lynn’s signatures, this made no difference
to my analysis since the acceptance was not effectively communicated to Yap
and Sun.

57 BGC only had itself to blame for apparently having given short shrift to
Clause 6(c) of its own terms and neglecting to follow up altogether with Yap
and Sun until after it was told that Yap and Sun had changed their plans. On
any reasonable analysis of offer and acceptance, it was too late for BGC to
accept offers which had been revoked.

Issue (b): Whether ICAP had wrongfully induced breaches of the agreements

58 Following my finding above that there were no valid and binding agreements
in place, BGC’s entire case failed and it was not strictly necessary for me to
address the arguments pertaining to the remaining issues raised at trial.
Nevertheless, I make some brief observations for completeness.

59 BGC argued that ICAP had wrongfully induced Yap and Sun to breach their
agreements, and that ICAP knew about the contracts even if ICAP did not know
the precise terms of the contracts. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at [224] – [228]

ICAP also had the means to ascertain if the contracts were binding, and by
failing to do so ICAP had deliberately turned a blind eye to the possibility
that the contracts were valid. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at [241].

The combination of ICAP’s attempts at convincing Yap and Sun to stay, ICAP’s
revised contractual offers, and also the provision of indemnities effectively
induced Yap and Sun to breach the contracts. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at [265] and [278].

60 In its defence, ICAP argued that the contracts were not binding, 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

3rd Defendant’s Closing Submissions at [31].

and even if binding ICAP did not have the requisite knowledge of any valid and
binding contracts. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

3rd Defendant’s Closing Submissions at [34] and [43].

With regard to the issue of whether ICAP had turned a blind eye to the
existence of binding contracts, ICAP submitted that in the civil and
commercial context, the law does not impose a duty on ICAP to inquire beyond
what was clear and obvious, 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

3rd Defendant’s Closing Submissions at [76].

and that what ICAP had done was reasonable in the circumstances. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

3rd Defendant’s Closing Submissions at [77].

It was also argued by ICAP that the indemnities offered were merely to assuage
Yap and Sun as BGC had a propensity for litigation. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

3rd Defendant’s Closing Submissions at [131].

61 In order to establish a case of inducing breach of contract, having regard
to M+W Singapore Pte Ltd v Leow Tet Sin and another [2015] 2 SLR 271 at [88],
it must be shown that):

(a) ICAP knew of the contract and intended for it to be breached;

(b) ICAP induced the breach; and

(c) the contract was breached and damage was suffered.

62 I accepted ICAP’s defence that there was no wrongful inducement in its
efforts to persuade Yap and Sun to remain at ICAP. Even assuming that valid
and binding agreements did exist, ICAP was not aware of their existence or of
their full terms. Based on what ICAP understood from Yap and Sun, no firm
agreements had been concluded yet. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

AEIC of Cheung Wai Yin at [28] – [29], [35] – [36]; AEIC of George
Dranganoudis at [22] – [23], [30] – [31]; NE, Day 8, p 66, lines 3 – 6; NE,
Day 8, p 71, lines 10 – 23; NE, Day 8, p 114, lines 20 – 24; NE, Day 9, p 137,
lines 11 – 23; NE, Day 9, p 144, lines 6 –7; NE, Day 9, p 150, lines 2 – 25;
NE, Day 9, p 153, lines 1 – 10, 19 - 22; NE, Day 9, p 162, lines 1 – 11.

In any event, neither Yap nor Sun knew the details of the agreements they had
signed, and they did not have any copies of duly-executed agreements for ICAP
to peruse. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

AEIC of John Lawrence G Sun (dated 7 January 2019) at [41]; AEIC of Yap Yuk
Hee (dated 7 January 2019) at [34]; NE, Day 5, p 221, lines 13 – 19; NE, Day
6, p 120, lines 2 – 7.

Objectively assessed along these lines, it could not be said that ICAP should
be deemed to have known that there were concluded agreements in existence.

Issue (c): Whether BGC had breached an implied term of mutual trust and
confidence

63 The Defendants submitted that if the agreements are found to have been
valid and subsisting, BGC had breached an implied term of mutual trust and
confidence when Mr Mark Webster (“Webster”) met with Sun in December 2015 and
allegedly threatened Sun with litigation and to impound Sun’s passport. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

1st and 2nd Defendant’s Closing Submissions at [108]; 3rd Defendant’s Reply
Submissions at [31].

Webster denied these allegations.

64 In Wee Kim San Lawrence Bernard v Robinson & Co (Singapore) Pte Ltd [2014]
4 SLR 357 (“Wee Kim San”) at [24], the Court of Appeal had implicitly endorsed
the implication of a term of mutual trust and confidence into employments
contracts, to the effect that an “employer shall not, without reasonable and
proper cause, conduct itself in a manner calculated and likely to destroy or
seriously damage the relationship of mutual trust and confidence between
employer and employee”. As can be observed from Malik v Bank of Credit and
Commerce International SA (in compulsory liquidation) [1998] AC 20 at 47, the
ambit of the term is very wide and “[t]he implied obligation extends to any
conduct by the employer likely to destroy or seriously damage the relationship
of trust and confidence between employer and employee.”

65 I pause here to add a caveat: there is at best only implicit acceptance in
Wee Kim San of the applicability of the implied term of mutual trust and
confidence. Whether the principle will be definitively endorsed as being
applicable in Singapore remains to be seen, as the issue has not yet arisen
squarely for determination by the Court of Appeal. The parties’ submissions
before me proceeded on the common ground that it has been accepted to be part
of Singapore law, at least on the basis of High Court decisions such as Cheah
Peng Hock v Luzhou Bio-Chem Technology Ltd [2013] 2 SLR 577, and I assumed
that to be the case for present purposes in making the following observations
obiter.

66 I did not think that there was any repudiatory breach of an implied term of
mutual trust and confidence on BGC’s part as alleged by the Defendants. Sun
said he was taken aback by what Webster had allegedly said and he felt “upset”
and “pretty pissed off”. In the same breath, Sun also claimed that he felt
“threatened”. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

NE, Day 5, p 107, lines 2 – 9.

These are differing reactions running a fair gamut of emotions. Even if the
statements were made, notwithstanding Webster’s denials, it did not seem
credible that Sun had genuinely felt threatened. It would appear that he felt
more irate than intimidated. At any rate, he did not feel compelled to accede
to Webster’s alleged threats. He stood his ground and told Webster at the end
of the meeting that he would not join BGC. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

AEIC of John Lawrence G Sun (dated 12 January 2021) at [30] – [31].

67 In addition, the Defendants sought to characterise Webster’s alleged
threats in December 2015 as a breach of mutual trust and confidence while
recognising that Yap and Sun had claimed to no longer be bound by their
agreements by late September 2015. Such a position was untenable. Assuming
that there were valid and binding agreements in place, in deciding not to join
BGC, Yap and Sun themselves could already be said to have been in repudiatory
breach, tantamount to a breach of mutual trust and confidence on their part.
Irrespective of whether BGC had accepted their breach, it was not logical to
assert that Webster subsequently was guilty of another breach of mutual trust
and confidence, when the substratum of trust and confidence no longer
remained. For there to be a breach of mutual trust and confidence, there must
be no reasonable cause or proper cause for the employer act in the way it did.
If the employer’s act was a proportionate response to the employee’s own
anterior breach, then there would have been a reasonable cause for the
employer to have acted the way it did.

Issue (d): Proof of BGC’s loss and damages

68 As I had found that there was no valid or binding contract between BGC and
Yap and/or Sun, the issue of damages was moot. Nonetheless, I shall also set
out my views as to what might have been the appropriate quantum of damages
assuming that the agreements had been in existence.

BGC’s position on quantification of loss

69 Notwithstanding that a claim for liquidated damages was its primary pleaded
case, BGC argued that it could elect to claim for actual damages, 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at [650] and [712].

and that its claim for 48 months of damages which was pleaded as an
alternative claim, 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at [392].

would not have prejudiced the Defendants or taken them by surprise. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at [396].

70 ICAP took objection to BGC’s apparent change in its position on damages. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

3rd Defendant’s Closing Submissions at [160].

It argued that the causal connection between Yap and Sun’s failure to join BGC
and the loss BGC was claiming was highly speculative and unsupported by
evidence. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

3rd Defendant’s Closing Submissions at [173].

ICAP also took the position that BGC’s claim was not commercially realistic
and did not account for the actual revenues the brokers made at ICAP. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

3rd Defendant’s Closing Submissions at [185].

71 In my view, BGC’s position on quantification of loss had been shifting and
uncertain. Up until the trial, there was no indication from the pleadings or
elsewhere that BGC would be claiming damages pegged to 48 months of “lost”
employment due to Yap and Sun’s failure to join them. Their primary pleaded
claim was based on the LD clause. However, by the time the trial commenced,
BGC appeared to concede that the LD clause was not operative and the LD
formula which formed the basis of BGC’s primary pleaded case on damages was
unworkable, since BGC had no Peso NDF desk at the material time to peg as a
benchmark.

72 While I accepted that BGC had not completely omitted mention of this
alternative claim in the lead-up to the trial, its belated attempt to re-pivot
the case would constitute a surprise to the Defendants, although it could not
be said that this would have resulted in injustice or irreparable prejudice
that cannot be compensated by costs (see OMG Holdings Pte Ltd v Pos Ad Sdn Bhd
[2012] 4 SLR 231 at [18]). That being said, I turn next to consider both the
LD clause as well as BGC’s alternative claim for actual damages.

The LD clause

73 The relevant LD clauses found at Clause 12.2 read with Clause 12.3 and
Clause 12.5.1 of BGC’s standard terms and conditions state: 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

1AB 262 – 263.

12.2 Where you leave the employment of [BGC] without the consent of [BGC]prior
to the expiry of the term of your employment contract or you fail to join
[BGC] in accordance with the terms of your employment contract (other than
because of your death or because of termination of your employment by [BGC],
except where such termination is as a result of your gross misconduct) (each
an "Event"), then you accept and agree that, subject to paragraph 12.3, the
following will constitute a genuine pre-estimate of the losses that [BGC]will
suffer arising from your departure or failure to join (the "Liquidated
Damages"):

12.2.1 where an Event occurs when there are 18 months or more to run on the
term of your employment contract, a sum equal to 25% of the Monthly Gross
Revenue (as defined below) multiplied by 18; or

12.2.2 where an Event occurs when there are less than 18 months but more than
4 months to run on the term of your employment contract, 30% of the Monthly
Gross Revenue multiplied by the number of whole months remaining of the term;
or

12.2.3 where an Event occurs when there are four months or less to run on the
term of your employment contract, 10% of the Monthly Gross Revenue multiplied
by the number of whole months remaining in the term.

12.3 Where the Event is that you fail to commence working for [BGC] you
acknowledge that the Monthly Gross Revenues are calculated on the average
revenues of the Desk prior to your joining and that you are intended to
increase those average revenues. Accordingly, the percentages at paragraph
12.2.1 and 12.2.2 shall be increased to 45% and 40% respectively.

…

12.5 For the purposes of paragraph 12:

12.5.1 "Gross Revenue" means the amount of gross revenue generated during the
Calculation Period:

12.5.1.1 personally by you; or

12.5.1.2 where you have not worked for [BGC] throughout a whole Calculation
Period or where you have failed to join [BGC]in accordance with the terms of
your employment contract or these terms and conditions, or where revenues are
not allocated to you personally, the total amount of the gross revenue
generated by the Desk (as defined in your employment contract) during the
Calculation Period divided by the total number of brokers (who are not trainee
brokers) on the Desk throughout the whole period of the Calculation Period.

…

12.5.3 “Monthly Gross Revenue” means Gross Revenue divided by six.

74 Therefore, in the situation where a broker fails to join the desk for which
he/she is recruited for, under Clause 12.2.1 read with Clauses 12.3 and
12.5.3, the LD sum would be calculated according to the following formula:

Monthly Gross Revenue (ie, Gross Revenue divided by 6) x 45% x 18

75 Gross Revenue is defined under Clause 12.5.1.2 to be “the total amount of
the gross revenue generated by the Desk (as defined in [the] employment
contract) during the Calculation Period divided by the total number of brokers
(who are not trainee brokers) on the Desk throughout the whole period of the
Calculation Period.” In turn, according to Clause 2(a) of the BGC employment
contract, the desk that Yap and Sun were contracted to join was the “Peso NDF
Desk”. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

1AB 253.

76 Taking the LD clauses as they are, the Monthly Gross Revenue is to be
derived with reference to the revenue generated by the Peso NDF Desk. In order
for BGC to argue that the projected revenues are to be substituted into the
formula as set out at paragraph [74] above, BGC would have had to show that
such a term can be implied into the contract in the first place. The test for
implication of terms has been set out by the Court of Appeal in Sembcorp
Marine Ltd v PPL Holdings Pte Ltd and another and another appeal [2013] 4 SLR
193 (“Sembcorp Marine”) at [101]:

(a) The first step is to ascertain how the gap in the contract arises.
Implication will be considered only if the court discerns that the gap arose
because the parties did not contemplate the gap.

(b) At the second step, the court considers whether it is necessary in the
business or commercial sense to imply a term in order to give the contract
efficacy.

(c) Finally, the court considers the specific term to be implied. This must be
one which the parties, having regard to the need for business efficacy, would
have responded “Oh, of course!” had the proposed term been put to them at time
of the contract. If it is not possible to find such a clear response, then,
the gap persists and the consequences of that gap ensue.

77 At the first step, it was held in Sembcorp Marine at [96] that where the
parties had contemplated the issue but chose not to provide a term for it
because they mistakenly thought that the express terms of the contract had
adequately addressed it, a “true” gap in the contract would not arise for the
court to imply a term. This would apply even where only one party had
expressly contemplated an issue (see CAA Technologies Pte Ltd v Newcon
Builders Pte Ltd [2017] 2 SLR 940 at [74] – [76]). On the facts, it appeared
that while BGC’s contract had contemplated the situation that a broker would
be joining the desk without having worked for BGC prior, it clearly failed to
provide for the situation where a broker would be starting up a new desk that
was never previously in existence. Accordingly, on BGC’s own pleaded case,
this would not be a situation where a “true” gap in the contract had arisen.

78 At the second step, the court considers whether it is necessary to imply a
term. In this case, it would be arguable that such a clause could be necessary
in order to give the agreement efficacy.

79 At the third step, the court considers the specific term to be implied,
with regard to the need for business efficacy. In this regard, I am not
persuaded that Yap and Sun would have readily accepted a specific LD term
using the projected revenue. Had such a term been put to them at the time of
contract, I doubt that they would have given a clear affirmative response.
From their evidence, it is clear that while Sun had felt that the targets set
out in the contract request forms were attainable, these would have been in
the context of a “good market”. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

NE, Day 4, p 91, lines 10 – 12; NE, Day 4, p 132, lines 9 -14.

As for Yap, he was adamant that he would not have been able to meet
performance targets set in BGC’s contract request forms. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

NE, Day 6, p 66, line 18 to p 67, line 15.

In fact, neither Yap nor Sun reached those targets even after they stayed on
at ICAP.

80 In addition, it would appear that neither Yap nor Sun was aware of what
their full employment costs (“FEC”) would have been at BGC, 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

NE, Day 4, p 56, lines 21 – 22; NE, Day 6, p 49, lines 7 – 13.

even if they should be taken to have been aware that they had to attain a
revenue target of two times that FEC under Clause 3(b) of the contracts. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

NE, Day 4, p 73, line 18 to p 74, line 1; NE, Day 6, p 53, line 5 to p 54,
line 1.

Accordingly, the implication of a term using the projected revenue (two times
of FEC) as a proxy would also not have satisfied the officious bystander
criterion.

81 In summary, from the foregoing analysis, the gap in the LD clause would
persist, rendering it unworkable.

Actual damages

82 In Tembusu Growth Fund Ltd v ACTAtek, Inc and others [2018] 4 SLR 1213 at
[59], the court had occasion to consider the issues raised in relation to the
quantum of damages in anticipatory breaches:

…The usual rule for assessing loss caused by performance breach is that
damages are assessed at the time of the breach…the plaintiff comes under a
duty to mitigate from the time he accepts the repudiatory breach and
terminates the contract, not from the time in the future fixed for performance
of the obligation which has been repudiated: Bunge [SA v Nidera BV [2015] 3
All ER 1082 (“Bunge”)] at [12]. And to achieve a fair assessment of the losses
suffered as a result of the repudiation, those losses ought to be assessed as
at the time fixed for performance, where the plaintiff would have obtained
what he had bargained for: Robinson v Harman (1848) 1 Exch 850 at 855. The
compensatory principle and the duty to mitigate thus work together justly to
give the plaintiff what he bargained for less the losses he could reasonably
have avoided.

83 Notwithstanding the general rule that damages are to be assessed at the
time of the breach, it was held in a recent decision of the Court of Appeal in
iVenture Card Ltd and others v Big Bus Singapore City Sightseeing Pte Ltd and
others [2021] SGCA 97 (“iVenture”) that events post-dating the breach can be
considered in assessment. The Court went so far as to opine that it could
consider events which occur “after the evidential tranche, during the written
closing submissions and before the trial judge delivered judgment, if such
events would have falsified some basic assumptions common to both sides or it
would have affronted common sense or a sense of justice if the court had
failed to take cognizance of them” (see iVenture at [152]).

84 While the decision in iVenture post-dated my decision which was delivered
on 6 September 2021, the principles espoused had already been canvassed in The
“STX Mumbai” and another matter [2015] 5 SLR 1 (citing Golden Strait Corp v
Nippon Yusen Kubishika Kaisha [2007] 2 AC 353 (“The Golden Victory”) at [69]:

… on a practical level, even in the situation of an anticipatory breach, by
the time the court hears the case, the actual nature and consequences of that
breach might, in any event, be known, given the passage of time between the
date of the breach and the date(s) of the trial itself (cf also [E Tabachnik,
“Anticipatory Breach of Contract” [1972] Current Legal Problems 149,
especially at 153 as well as [Henry Winthrop Ballantine, “Anticipatory Breach
and the Enforcement of Contractual Duties” (1924) 22 Michigan L Rev 329] at
340). And, as was made clear by a majority of the House of Lords in The Golden
Victory… (whose opinions were recently affirmed by the UK Supreme Court in
Bunge at [23]), there is no principled reason why the court should be
precluded from taking into account such events which occur subsequent to a
breach of contract in assessing the actual nature and consequences of the
breach (although, it should be mentioned, that these observations were made in
the specific context of the quantification of damages)….

[emphasis in original]

85 Applying the law to the present case, on the assumption that an
anticipatory breach of a valid and binding contract on the part of the brokers
was accepted by BGC, the losses were to be assessed with reference to the time
when the contracted-for performance was to have been performed (see also The
Law of Contract in Singapore (Andrew Phang Boon Leong gen ed) (Academy
Publishing, 2012) at para 22.009). The non-breaching party (ie, BGC) was
expected to have taken reasonable steps to mitigate its losses on the date
that it accepts the repudiation. Consequently, this would also mean that
events that occurred after Yap’s and Sun’s notices to BGC that they were
repudiating the contract ought to be taken into account.

86 From the evidence, it appeared that BGC was unlikely to have made a
significant profit which could be attributed to Yap and Sun, even if they had
joined BGC. First, as stated by ICAP’s CEO on the stand, there was the
possibility that Yap and Sun would have been placed on different desks or have
their existing ICAP lines transferred to other brokers to minimise the impact
of their departure. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

NE, Day 8, p 157, line 25 to p 158, line 10.

Second, it was clear that Yap and Sun were part of an effective team, which
may or may not ultimately have joined BGC en masse. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

NE, Day 9, p 50, line 4 – 16.

Third, Yap and Sun were engaged to start up a Peso NDF Desk at BGC where none
had existed before, which would have required mobilisation of significant
resources by BGC. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

NE, Day 15, p 117, line 16 to p 118, line 3; AEIC of Daniel Corrigan (dated 15
January 2021) at [59] – [62].

Although it was submitted by BGC that it had the necessary resources to build
up a dedicated Peso NDF Desk to rival that of ICAP’s, 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at [534].

this would likely have been accomplished only with a sizable outlay on BGC’s
part. Fourth, the fact that BGC offered Yap and Sun performance holidays
indicated that there was uncertainty as to whether they would have been able
to meet their performance targets while starting up a new desk at BGC. Fifth,
there is an appreciable distinction between talented brokers joining an
existing desk and talented brokers expected to establish a desk at BGC where
none had existed before. Sixth, BGC did not rebut Yap and Sun’s evidence that
market conditions were unfavourable in 2016, 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

AEIC of John Lawrence G Sun (dated 7 January 2019) at [75]; AEIC of Yap Yuk
Hee (dated 7 January 2019) at [72].

and that their salaries were reduced as a result. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

2AB 566 – 567.

87 Accordingly, I found no basis in BGC’s submissions that the projected
revenue of the brokers should be utilised to assess damages where actual
information about the revenue they generated (albeit at ICAP) is available.

88 As to the expert evidence tendered at trial, I found the evidence of Mr
Daniel Corrigan (“Daniel Corrigan”) to have been rather more objective in
contrast to the evidence of either Mr Brian Wood, who testified as Yap and
Sun’s expert, or Mr Richard Harris, who testified as BGC’s expert. Daniel
Corrigan provided the court with useful insight into the factors that would
have determined the success of a new desk being set up at BGC. In particular,
the list of assumptions laid out by Daniel Corrigan enumerated several factors
which were useful in informing an assessment of damages. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

AEIC of Daniel Corrigan (dated 15 January 2021) at [46].

These included, inter alia, the following:

(a) ICAP would do little to nothing to defend its business, revenues and
market share;

(b) The new Peso NDF brokering desk at BGC would be established and become
functioning quickly;

(c) The market volume stays the same or grows;

(d) Volatility in Peso NDF rates would remain the same or increase therefore
maintaining or increasing trading volumes.

89 Under cross-examination, the evidence of Daniel Corrigan was not seriously
challenged by counsel for BGC. This reinforced my view that BGC was seeking to
resort to various alternative methodologies to quantify the alleged loss at
the maximum possible amount of projected profits, premised on various
assumptions which may not hold true and which called for considerable
speculation. In addition, it was not helpful that different methodologies had
been raised at different junctures, even as late as in the midst of trial
itself.

90 I was also not persuaded that BGC had acted reasonably in mitigation to
source for replacement brokers. Their new hires, Mr Richard Ong and Ms Sun
Moon Hwa, who were brought in ostensibly to fill the gap caused by Yap and
Sun’s failure to join BGC, were not even exclusively working on Peso NDF
trades. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

NE, Day 8, p 169, lines 12 – 16.

91 Had BGC been able to prove that valid and binding agreements had been made,
I would have been inclined to only award nominal damages given its inability
to prove the loss allegedly suffered with sufficient specificity.

Conclusion

92 In summary, I found that there were no valid and binding agreements in
existence, as BGC had not effectively communicated any acceptance of Yap’s and
Sun’s offers to them, before they had revoked their offers. BGC’s claims
against the Defendants were therefore dismissed.

93 The parties had duly filed their costs schedules but subsequently agreed
that submissions on costs would be deferred until after the conclusion of
BGC’s appeal. As such, the question of costs remains pending.

See Kee Oon  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Tay Yong Seng, Ang Ann Liang, Sheryl Lauren Koh Quanli and Alyssa P’ng Hui-
Jing (Allen & Gledhill LLP) for the plaintiff;

Chia Xin Ran Alina and Kristin Ng Wei Ting (Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP) for
the first and second defendants;

Ang Hsueh Ling Celeste, Shirleen Low, Lee Jia Wei Spencer and Shriram
Jayakumar (Wong & Leow LLC) for the third defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 03 Dec 2021 (12:09 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

